CALL HEADQUARTERS. KANSAS
CITY, Mo., July 3.-While the fight
between conservatives and radicals
over the Democratic platform was in
full swing this afternoon, David B.
Hill, leader of the anti-free silver
force was led into a genuine ambush. He
was defeated through Richard Croker's
efforts for membership on the committee
on resolutions, and former Judge Augus
tus Van Wyck was elected to represent
New York on the committee. Thus CroKer
was told by the Populists and Silver Re
publicans in conference to-day that if ha
would not object to 16 to 1 in the plat
form he would become the New York lead
er in the convention.
Croker also had Elliott Danforth side
tracked as New York's candidate for Vice
President, and John W. Keller, Charities
Commissioner of New York, was selected.
This event is likely to have. a tremendous
effect on the platform fight. It may move
Croker to Settle the financial plank as
Bryan desires it. Until the event oc
curred the fight had shifted and was go
ing against Bryan. ;.K;r
The Democratic party has been In a
very distressing way playing the strange
tragedy of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde all
day. It has been making most tremend
ous efforts to avoid discord. ' Its evil side
is to get rid of the malign influence of 15
to 1 and to return to the status that it en-
3 °T"ne in doubt. Tho
EDELMAN RESENTS
INSULT BY PHELAN
Speclal Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, KANSAS
CITY, July 3.— The proceedings of the Cal
ifornia delegaticn in the caucus at the
Coates House this afternoon were enliv
ened by a most interesting verbal duel be-
tween Mayor James D. Phelan and Dele
gate Edelman. The affair was the talk of
the California delegation to-night, and
both the principals have a rankling mem
ory of to-day's episode. Although each
declares ; to-night that he will ignore tbe
other, It Is by no means certain that they
will not yet come to blows.
- The difficulty arose in this way: Mr.
Phelan proposed that Judge Maguire (Cal
ifornia's member of the committee on res
olutions) be instructed to propose and in
sist- upon the adoption by the resolutions
committee of a plank condemning the Re-
he will come to Kansas City, himself ana
appear before the committee on resolu
tions as its advocate.
©-?-<$> -?— <^-»- 3> -?-£¦-?- <$>-?-<»-?- 4> -?-•
plank out of the platform. Mr. Guffrey de
clared that Bryan would be able to dic
tate the platform and name the candidate
for Vice President.
Senator Jones said It was all a tempest
in a teapot anyhow, and it made no differ
ence whether the financial plank was re
affirmed or reiterated.
Governor Stone disappeared from pub
lic view and Mr. Campau had nothing to
say, but there were late conferences last
night and this, morning, and tho storm
against free silver broke loose anew.
It Is the eve of the Fourth of July.
Great preparations have been made to
signalize the day as a sort of Bryan ju
bilee for the celebration of the triumph
of the principles of the Popullstic party.
Patriotic speeches are to be made in the
convention by advocates of 16 to 1. The
whole town Is to be illuminated with red,
white and blue electricity in honor of the
victory predicted by Bryan's friends over
tho sound-money element of the party.
There is to be a parade also in honor of
the event. Just as there Is many a slip
between the cup and the lip. so It Is pos
sible that this celebration of the triumph
of free silver In the convention may be
turned into J the celebration of the
achievement of independence from the
little free silver oligarchy which has
mado pilgrimages to Lincoln and brought
back orders from Bryan that the con
vention must reiterate the fifty-cent dol
lar platform in order to have him as its
candidate.
The feeling is really beginning to per
vade the party that Bryan is overacting
a trifle,
. A statement was sent out to-day cred
ited to Judge Tibbetts of Nebraska, that
Bryan would refuse absolutely to run for
President unless the 16 to 1 plank went
Into the platform. This caused a reaction
party may yet triumph against Itself or it
may be forced to yield to the insane im
pulses of its evil side and continue as a
political force In favor of a flfty-ce-it
dollar.
THE BIG HALL AT KANSAS CITY WHERE THE DEMOCRATIC NA
TIONAL CONVENTION WILL BE OPENED TO-DAY.
CALL HEADQt'ARTER?, KANSAS
CITY. July 3.— The storm center Is.
no longer at Lincoln. Nebr. It Is
whirling into Kansas City. The
I':kes X'eak of Democracy, how
ever, still stands in Lincoln, towering pic
turesque and impressive. Bryan is as un.
yielding as Andrew Jackson. He bends
neither to the importunities of old friends
rior the wiles of trust lawyers and subtle
politicians. He turns deaf oars. Jo ent.
Irenes of opportunists who woulu go in
for hoodwinking the people and dillydally
ing with their enemies. Expediency is
n<u an issue at all. His platform must be
written in word? cf fire, so plain and
torse thax bootblacks and bankers, coal
miners and railroad magnates can reaa
pm they po and thoroughly comprehend
It when they retire to bed. Those who
thirked the party issue in 1S9S may come
jn or stay out. as they choose. Colonei
Bryan will make no terms with then*.
He will do nothing to conciliate or pla
cate them. No fatted calves ¦will be killed
for prodigals. They can stick to their
cornhysks or take their chances in the
kitchen at home.
"Lay down your arms or fight" is Mr.
Bryan's ultimatum. This ultimatum has
thrown all political time servers into con
fusion. It is apparent to ail that the win
ning horF<? in the race will not wear blinx
crs, and he insists that his running mate
Fhall zlIpo r.e untrammeled. There is an
•undercT-.rront of feeling In several of the
State delegations that may lead to an
anPHBcat on the floor of the convention.
Outwardly, however, all but Hill evince
a. Olspocdtton to bow to the wishes of the
candidate and po before the convention e>n
a Bryan platform, bold and defiant. These
Fame men privately bc-me^an their fate
and f-x:>ress thp.r •¦egrets at his unyield
ing attitude. Thee* gentlemen are widely
scattered. They i>.ow no Figns of con
centrating, but vr.^y do so late at right
tinder manipulation of Hill or some other
henchman of <>xf>f ri<»nce.
Croker Was Positive
David B. Elm has been unusually active.
No politician tras ever so resourceful and
able to shift his tactics at a moment's
notice. The man who entered the United
States Senate- Loading the attack on
Grover Cleveland's administration and
left it as Cleveland's only Democratic
defender is the ma:, who has nTve and
ability to throw tb« convention into un
known entanglements. All the morning
has Senator Hill been as busy as a bee
in a tar barrel. At one time he locked
himself in his room and sent Colonel Mc-
Ewen and other emissaries on outside
missions. At 2 o'clock, however, he went
to the Midland and was closeted with
Senator Murphy and Richard Croker for
hours. No other leaders were invited to
the consultation.
Fight in the Delegation.
Tbe fisht was then made In the delega-
If rumor is to be believed, Mr. Croker
was as positive In his attitude as Colonel
Bryan. He signified his wflUngnesi to ac
cept the Bryan platform without reserva
tion The meeting of the New York dele
gation had been called at 3 o'clock. At
the appointed hour its rooms were filled
¦with a motley crowd. Cowboys from Ok
lahoma, poker players from Arkansas,
jayhawkers from Kansas, the dilettanti
of" the Texas plains, wagon drivers from
New Mexico and gentlemen from many a
Southern and Western State were there,
awaiting a sight of the Tammany chief
tain and his braves. Curiosity was ram
pant. A few of the New York delegation
strayed into the crowd, but hour after
hour passed and* Mr. Croker came not.
He was still In the throes of the wrangle
with HU!. The fate of the latter in con
vention was at stake. It was apparent
to those outside that he had lost his in
fluence in the delegation. When he was
chosen at the State convention in New
York while Mr. Croker v.as in England
laid up with a broken leg, everybody sup
posed Hill was triumphant. Indeed, his
friends chuckled with delight. They de
clared that he net only had the State
committee by a safe majority, but that
the delegation to the National Conven
tion was a "«-nuine Hill delegation.
Whether this was fo or not. it Is certainly
.no longer a Hill delegation. This confer
ence between Ser.atrr Hill. Senator Mur
phy and Mr. Croker ended a little after
4 o'clock. Mr. Crokor maintained a firm
position and v.as not* In the least Influ
enced by Mr. Hill's sophistry. There
were r.o hard words uttered or threats
made. It became apparent after nearly
three hour* that no agreement could be
reached.
by Amos j. cummiNGs.
Their report, however, set a few choice
spirits in the Pennsylvania delegation in
a whirlwind of rage. They were ready for
anything, even to placing a candidate la
the field against Mr. Bryan himself. Il
was with great difficulty that the little
cabal was squelched. The delegation ex
pressed much bitterness toward Mr. , Cro
ker for proposing to yield to Mr. Bryan's
wishes. They started a story that the
Tammany chief was deftly favoring a
Clark is dapper, trim and neat as a
French count. He strokes his auburn
b£ard when talking over the victory and
expresses the utmost confidence in secur
ing favorable action from the committee 1
on credential*. No man would ever fancy
that he had been an old prospector and
bandied the pick and drill In a mountain.
Mnginnis hangs upon his flank watching
every' movement and working like a
beaver in the Daly Interests. There is
trouble in the Pennsylvania delegation.
Former Representatives Howard, Mutch
ler and James Kerr returned from their
pilgrimage to Nebraska this morning.
Like David B. Hill, they had gone up
against the silver stonewall and had come
back with sore heads. Both are young
men and the wounds will undoubtedly
soon heal.
The Clark delegates have, therefore, re
ceived the recognition of the National
Committee a's the regular delegates to the
convention. The fight will now be trans
ferred to the committee on credentials.
The Daly delegates are working tooth and
nail to reverse the decision of the sub
committee, and the struggle waxes fiercer
every hour.
Similar scenes were enacted' at the Bal
timore and other hotels. The headquar
ters of the National Democratic Commit
tee had been shifted from the Baltimore
to the Kansas City Club, two blocks from
the convention ball. It was besieged by
men prominent in national and State af
fairs- seeking tickets of admission and
conferences with Senator Jones and other
members of the committee. Among those
who climbed the stairs was Senator Clark
of Montana. He had triumphed over Mar
cus Daly in the contest before the sub
committee on the previous day. Frank
Campbell was a member of this sub-eom
mltte«, much to the chagrin of Martin
Maginnis and other members of the Daly
faction.
The Clark-Daly Fight.
The crowd was still gathered about the
headquarters of the New York delegation
at 4 o'clock. No news had been received
a? to the progress of the negotiations In
the triumvirate upstairs. It '.ha an
nounced, however, that the meeting had
been postponed until S o'clock. The dis
appointed onlookers drifted down the
¦stairway into the surging crowd below.
And a surging crowd it was. edging to the
barroom, swirling Into the restaurant, all
sweltering and streaming into the differ
ent entrances to get a breath of fresh air.
John W. Kellar came to New York a
fresh college graduate many years ago.
He was first employed as a Journalist on
Truth, an independent daily newspaper.
While in its service in search for infor
mation in the tenderloin district he was
assaulted l>y ruffians and for a time his
life was in danger. Afterward Mr. Kel
lar became managing editor of the New
York Recorder, the well known Repub
lican daily. He has WTitten for several
papers under the pseudonym of "Cholly
Knickerbocker." Mayor Van Wyck ap
pointed him commissioner of charities and
he La now president of a Democratic club.
He has been a member of Tammany Hall
for a number of years and has always
been a pronounced free silver Democrat.
The friends of Elliot Danfortb were
much chagrined at the result, but Mr.
Sulzer took the announcement with a
smile and said he would gladly give way
to Mr. Kellar.
Hill took his defeat in silence and re
turned to the Coates House with his
friends. He made no definite announce
ment of his intentions. Whether he will
transfer the fight to the floor of the con
vention is not known.
Mr. Hill was proposed as representative
of the delegation In the committee on res
olutions. Mr. Croker ' named Augustus
Van 'Wj-ck.. Mr. Hill was defeated by
eight votes. John W. Kel^ir was selected
as I\c. ~v*crkVcand'f<Iate for the VicniliT-'
ation for Vice President of the United
States. • •¦ .
tion. A meeting was called at the conclu
sion of the conference and there was a
hot time. Norman E. Mack of Buffalo
was selected as a member of the new
Democratic National Committee In place
of Frank Campbell.
EX-EENATOR HILL IS THE LEADER IX THE FIGHT AT THE KANSAS f
CITY CONVENTION TO SHUT OUT THE SILVER PLANK IN THE i
' PARTY'S PLATFORM. ALL HIS EFFORTS TO WEAN BRYAN i.
FROM T1IK 16 TO 1 ISSUE, HOWEVER, HAVE BEEN FRUITLESS. J
Bryan Remains Unyielding, and His Silver
Platform Must Be Written in Words of
Fire So Plain That All May Read.
that ran through the crowd like a prairie
fire.
Many men said Bryan ought to have
stepped aside. ' Others declared it was
time to see whether one man who had al
ready been defeated for President was
gi^ater than his party.
Judge Tibbetts is out in another inter
view to-night in which he declares he
"never saw it." There is no doubt, how
ever, that Bryan, in the hope of coercing
the convention, has repeatedly declared
that it must reiterate the financial plank
or go elsewhere than to Nebraska for its
candidate for President.
, There has been a very. rapid march of
the events to-day altering considerably
the situation respecting the platform and
utterly destroying' the previous situation
as to the candidate for Vice President, t
It become apparent early in the day
that Mr. Bryan's message from Nebraska
which had disheartened Messrs. Jones.
Johnson, Guffrey and Campau, who had
sent him the letter on Saturday asking
him to keep his hands off, was made to
have only temporary effect.' '. '
When Mr. Kerr, who took this letter to
Lincoln, returned yesterday, five Demo
cratic leaders who had dared to tell Bryan
the truth, gave up for the time being and
abandoned their efforts to keep a silver
Leader David B, Hill* of the Anti-Free-Silver Force Led Into
Amhush While the Fight Between the Conservatives- and
Radicals Over the Platform Waslln Progress.
MAJORITY AGAINST A
16 to 1 DECLARATION
iv" ANSAS CITY, July 3. — I/ats to-night, after quite a careful canvass of the men selected for the corn
fi^k^ mittee on resolutions, it was assorted that there was a majority against making a specific declara
tion for 16 to 1. It was also said that the majority, if such it was, would not press the matter, owing to
>he opposition of Senator Jones. The attitude of Mr. Bryan is thought to be sufficient for Senator Jones,
•who is a member of the committee on resolutions, and will be in a position to exert a great deal of influ
ence. Senator Jones, when he first arrived, thought a reafnrmation of the Chicago platform was sufficient.
Notwithstanding the known. views of Mr. Bryan, delegation after delegation has to-day taken a po
sition in favor of the reafnrmation of the Chicago platform and against a specific declaration, yet it is not
probable that the convention will take any other course than to declare explicitly for 16 to 1. It was ex
plained in one delegation which voted for simple reaffirmation that when it was known that this course
was favored by the gold men and the word was passsd around that the proposition was against Bryan,
the delegates would weaken -when the poll was taken and support 16 to 1.
Lack of Enthusiasm at the Convention
Attributed to the Fact That the Pro
gramme Will Go Through.
5ENATOR JONES IS CHAIRMAN OF THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL
COMMITTEE AND A LEADER IN THE FREE SILVER CAUSE. HIS
EFFORTS TO CARRY OUT THE WISHES OF BRYAN AT THE CON
VENTION APPEAR TO BE MEETING WITH SUCCESS.
y—^ALL HEADQUARTERS, KANSAS
"I W CITY, V -Mo;'. July 3.— There is a «ur-
L prising lack of enthusiasm at* thl3
Democratic convention. It can be
attributed to the fact that It is
known beforehand almost exactly
what will be done by the conventign. We
may not know the exact wording of the
platform, but we understand what it
means. Whoever Is nominated for Vice
President, It will be a good ticket on the
whole and should be satisfactory to all
factions of the party. The action of the
New York delegation resulted in harmony
and good feeling.
August Van Wyck la a wise selection
on our part to represent us on the plat
form committee, because he is in perfect
touch with Democracy throughout the
State. He also understands the geograph
ical requirements of New York. He will
be able to "more entirely represent the
State than any man that could have been
placed on the committee. Norman K.
Mack is also a wise selection for national
committeeman. He had been in touch
with Bryan since 1S96 and thoroughly rep
resents the Democracy of the State of
New York. Another good man Is John
W Kellar. He is the most popular man
in the Democratic organization at large.
As to Deserters.
Any Democrat who deserts the ticket
and platform which will be decided upon
at Kansas City should be summarily dealt
with. If there are differences of opinion
the non-essential fact should cut-no figure
this year.
We shall have the support of legions 9?
Republicans who believe' that the con
tinued supremacy of this latter-day Re
publicanism is a distinct menace to the
life of the republic. Our Americanism
should be the Americanism of the great
The conventions will probably have
something to • say x nbout an income tax.
Its worth to the masses has been shown
in manufacturing countries, where ex
tremes of wealth and poverty meet.
In carrying out any policy of retrench
ment and reform we shall find arrayea
against it every bank officer and director,
every railroad official and stockholder,
every beneficiary of every large corpora
tion in the country. To be against that
array,' formidable as It will be, will be
found the. conscious humanity and hon
esty of the masses. The ultimate result
of the struggle, unequal as It must seem,
wiir be that we will win.
One way of regulating the trusts is to
reduce the tariff. We have It e>n such
high authority as the father of the sugar
trust, Mr. Havemeyer.
Regulating the Trusts.
It is a striking exhibition of the power
of a trust, and the heartless consideration
of human beings compelled to labor for it
In order to keep their wives and children
from starvation. It is estimated that 17.
0)0.000 of persons in the United States,
more than one-fifth of our population, are
dependent upon trusts for a livelihood—
that. is to say, dependent upon the method,
caprice or avarice of tuc.r managers.
enthusiastic West and of its typical Iea3
er, W. J. Bryan."
The* extraordinary'* development of tha
art of manipulating great trusts like steel
and ¦wire, for Instance, has aroused in
dignation, and this feeling will no doubt
find vigorous expression In our platform.
The spectacle of ten thousand men thrown
out of .work •without ¦warning at sundown
to gratify the cupidity of a gambler at
the opening of the Btock market on the
morrow is the most Infamous that has
ever been witnessed by the American
people.
The managers appreciate that there
may be many obstacles in the way of
carrying out this programme, but they
are quite determined to find a way to do
It. and they express confidence that the
members of the convention will all lend
a helping hand to this end.
The discussion developed the fact that
Mr. Bryan is expected to be present In
the convention on Thursday, the day after
his nomination, and indicate to the con
vention his acceptance of the honor con
ferred. An Intimation of the convention's
purpose to secure action to-morrow ha*
been conveyed to the prospective candi
date and an invitation extended to him
to visit the convention on Thursday, and
it Is stated on excellent authority that he
has indicated that he will accept.
The members of the committee express
themselves generally as of the opinion
that the programme can be carried out.
and those who know of the invitation to
Mr. Bryan do not hesitate to say that ha
will certainly accept.
The discussion developed some points of
the programme of the committee. It will
have a day and a night session. It is the
purpose to have the usual committees ap
pointed as promptly as possible after the
convention opens, and then have them
get together Immediately, act as soon a?
they can. and. If possible, report and har»
the convention act upon the reports be
fore adjourning in the afternoon. Falling
to bring about action in the afternoon,
they hope to get the committee reports
disposed of early in the evening and still
accomplish Mr. Bryan's nomination be
fore the adjournment of the night ses
sion. -
Committee, as was also the intention of
the National Committee to have the nom
ination for the Presidency made to-mor
row if possible.
The desire on the part of the members
to accomplish this end was developed at
the close of the session and it wa3 brought
to the surface by an Invitation to the
committee from the citizens of Kansas
City to take a tallvno ride to-morrow
evening. This invitation was extended by
ex-Governor Stone of Missouri. When,
it was presented Mr. Clayton took »tho
floor in opposition to its acceptance, say
ing that there was a well defined and
general wish that Mr. Bryan should be
placed in nomination on the Fourth of
July, making a fitting Democratic cele
bration of the national anniversary- Sen
ator Kenney spoke in the same strain and
Senator Jones descended from the plat
form,to add his voice in support of the
proposition. All agreed that such a nom
ination would add spirit to the occasion,
and give the ticket a send-off such as It
would not otherwise receive. The mem
bers of the committee generally support
ed the proposition and as a consequence
the invitation of the Kansas City people
was declined.
publican administration for its failure to
enforce the civil service laws and declar
imc in favor of an extension of the ci\il
service and its strict enforcement. Senator
White was presiding as chairman and
8 e JSK SSSSfl^Sa-^S; SfESJ
grimaces and to raise. both hands to his
K-T and shake them In the manner that
is empoved by some in. seeking to cast
ridicule upon a Jewish person. But Mayor
Phelan was unaware that his movements
we?e reflected in a mirror, and Delegate
Edelman suddenly wheeled around and
confronted his tormentor. The Mayor was
nhished whereat some or tnose in me
swess'-j. saras-si "s js
sfe b 4£?.sn5.if Sj™ c ?vr?
snondent to-night that his friends had ad
vK him to ignore a person who was so
little and bo cowardly as to insult a man
when his back was turned. The Mayor
*",,-% by The Call correspondent and
aVked to give his version of the affair.
At first he professed to be Ignorant of the
rnXinine of anv "quarrel between hlm
™<ff and Mr. Edelman. but finally admit
ted it. while attempting to belittle the im
nnrtance of the affair.
"All I have to say is that Mr. Edelman
was very offensive in his remarks to-day.
He is a ruffian and I shall pay no more
attention to him." said the Mayor.
\11 members of the delegation, includ
ing Senator White, are in sympathy with
Mr Edelman, but hope there will be no
further difficulty between the two gentle
men.
BRYAN TO ADDRESS
. THE CONVENTION
KANSAS CITY. July 3.— Unless plans
perfected to-night be upset Mr. Bryan will
attend .the. Democratic National Conven
tion after his nomination If he Is put in
the field early enough to render it prac
ticable for him to do so. A formal invi
tation has been extended to him and he
has said that he would accept.
This fact was brought out in the after
noon meeting of the National Democratic
BRYAN MAY NOT HAVE HIS WAY
AT THE KANSAS CITY CONVENTION
A new candidate for Vice President
dropped from the clouds this morning. He
was blown across the Mississippi River
by the prairie winds in Illinois. He land
ed on his feet and made a very favorable
impression. He has a. hatchet face, keen
blue eyes, a large Adam's apple, round
shoulders and thin, brown hair. This gen
tleman la Jesse R. Williams of Carmi. He
If Colonel Bryan should ask for the
nomination of Charles A. Towne the lead
er of the New York delegation would un
doubtedly favor it. It will be a Bryan
ticket and the Bryan ticket will be a
Croker ticket.
proposition to place George Fred Williams
of Massachusetts in the field. They de
nounced it as a Tammany plot, declaring
that Mr. Croker favored all ultra radical
schemes with the Intention of overloading
the ticket and breaking it '.down. They
pointed to his alleged action in regard to
George Fred Williams as confirmatory of
these intentions. Of course thi3 Is all
moonshine. .Mr. Croker has never an
nounced his intention of favoring any can
didate or any platform that is not per
fectly acceptable to Mr. Bryan.
Bryan's Latest Threat.
has served several terms in the House of
Representatives and had always been an
ardent a/id persistent soldier in the free
silver c«&se. His speeches on the floor of
the House are as replete with informa
tion and as interesting as any ever made
by Mr. Towne himself. There is not a
flaw in his record. He would make a
candidate not only acceptable to Mr.
Bryan and his friends, but one that could
silence, all caballing !n the Illinois dele
gation and even bring John P. Altgeld and
Carter Harrison to terms.
The city is jammed. Walnut street at
night is roofed with parti-colored electric
lights, making a view of unsurpassed
beauty.- Clubs and delegations, headed b>
brass bands, are turning nearly every cor
ner, and the sidewalks are packed with
crowds of sweltering humanity. As mid
night approaches -these crowds increase
In number and the excitement is Intense.
The latest rumor: i3 somewhat startling.
It is averred' that a well-known .'gentle
man: from Missouri has received a dis
patch from Colonel Bryan announcing
that if there is any trouble In the con
vention over the adoption of his platform
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1900.
VOLUME L.XXXVIU— NO. 34.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BY OLIVER H. R. BELMONT.A. B. Dickey.
HALIFAX. N. S., July 3.— A. R. Dickey,
Minister of Justice In the last Conserva
tive Government In the dominion of Cana
da, was drowned to-day at Ainh«rst. N. S.
come with the delegates to-d*y. With
the Kentuckians came the youtpful Gov
ernor and successor of Goebel. Governor
Beckham. accompanied by the deep
voiced and genial Senator Joe Black
burne and by the polished ex-Governor
McCreary. From *>outh Carolina came
that picturesque figure. Senator Tillman.
with his keen, bright eye shaded under
a huge linen helmet. Governor . Benton
McMllUn was with the Tennessee party.
Mayor Carter Harrison. B«n Cable and
Samuel Altschuler. the latter a can
didate for Governor of Illinois, headed
the Illinois delegation; and doughty Sen
ator White, a convention veteran, and
Congressman Maguire of San -Francisco,
a recent candidate for Governor, were
with the other Californlans busy dispens
ing the luscious products of the coast.
Bryan's Townsmen Arrive.
Among the Tamraany arrivals George
B. McClellan. son of the great soldier and
the Democratic nominee against Lincoln.
was about the only notable acquisition,
as most of the New York leaders were
early on the ground. One of the arrivals
attracting attention was a namesake and
nephew of William J. Bryan, who acts
as his private secretary, and who came on
from Lincoln to mingle with the Nebraska
FAILURE OF EFFORT
TO DEPOSE STONE
Opposition to the Former Goy
ernor of Missouri Sustains
a Reverse.
KANSAS CITY, July 3.-One of the
liveliest rights in the list of States took
place this afternoon in the Missouri dele
gation, where a determined effort was
made to depose William J. Stone from nl.i
position as national committeeman and to
keep him off the committee on resolu
tions. The caucus terminated In the suc
cess of Stone, he winning on both proposi
tions, although it was a hard fight and his
margin was narrow. The chief point in
the opposition to Stone was that he had
expressed doubts as to the propriety of
16 to 1 being made the chief Issue of the
campaign.
The anti-Stone men held a caucus o?
their own prior to entering the State cau
cus and the fight against Stone was led
by Governor L. V. Stevens. David A. Ball
and W. H. Phelps. all three being dele
cates-at-large from the State. The first
ballot fcr member of the committee on
resolutions stood 17 to IT. When the sec
ond ballot was taken Deleeate B. V. Mor
ris changed his vote and Stone was elect
ed a member of the committee on reso
lutions by a vote of 15 to IS. The vote for
national committeeman was determined
on the first ballot. Stona winning by the
same vote.
TELLEB TO PRESIDE.
Silver Republicans Complete Their
Convention Plans.
KANSAS CITY. July 3.— The National
Committee of the Silver Republican party
met to-day and completed Its arrange
ments for the party's convention, whica
will begin io-morrow at the Auditorium.
Senator Teller was designated for tem
porary chairman. Mr. Towne will call the
convention to order as national chairman
and after a prayer Dr. Taylor of Chicago
will read an original poem prepared for
the occasion. The Declaration of Inde
pendence will be read and Senator Teller
will make a speech upon assuming the
chair. After the committees are appoint
ed the convention probably will adjourn
for a day.
delegations share the sentiment for a
•'conservative'" as against a "radical"
platform.
boom rings the death knell of the Towr*
boom^and it is generally believed to-nigii
tnat fetevenson will be nominated.
The Callforniar.s will meet In caucus to
morrow to discuss the candidacy of tb«
various Vice Presidential aspirants a-r.d
they will endeavor to act as a unit In sup
pert of some one of them. There 1«* l!f«
doubt it will be Stevenson. Senator Wbfta
to-night expressed high regard for M-~
Stevenson and similar expressions w«r
made by Judge Maguire and other mem
bers of the California delegation.
CALIFORNIANS URGE THE
NOMINATION OF TOWNE
Special Di?ratch to The Call
SAN JOSE. July 2,-Attorr.ey Frank
Willard Kimbal!. vice president for Cali
fornia of the United States Monetary
League. 13 In this city for a f»w days
and in conversation with The Call's rep
resentative to-day It was learned that the
organization has mapped, or expects to
map. every doubtful State or pivotal
State with a view to forming Bryan clubs
in every city and town before* the No
vember election, and then make everv
possible effort to bring these States Into
the silver column. Mr. Khnball is now en
gaged In mapping California and ex
pressed himself as confident that the
Golden State is sure for the reform tick
et If only Charles A. Towne la selected
as the running mate for Bryan. The f-.'
B5£? S. le !S& ™UT to s - ai -
Hon. Henrr M. Teller. Auditorium k2?^,«
City. ilo. : Townt'j nominarirm eiV— trr; .*
Kove^r 0 "* 13 S! £««^&aS
FRANK "VVILLARD KIMB » t t
Vice Preside V. g. Moa.tarV LeJ^U
KANSAS CITY, July 3.— With flags
flying, bands playing, streets re
splendent with the blaze of bunt
ing and of myriad lights, and with
the ear assaulted by the deafen
ing conglomeration of bombs and rockets
and crackers and marching clubs and
drum corps— with this confusion of patri
otism and politics, Kansas City Is to-night
ushering in th* national holiday and the
Democratic National Convention. There
were crowds here yesterday, but these
were tho advance guard, and to-day they
have arrived en masse, fairly engulfing the
city and taking complete possession of its
streets, hotels and public places. With
this late Influx have come the Tammany
braves, the Chicago marching club and
many kindred organizations with their
bands. And yet, for some reason, many
of tho most ruinous convention organisa
tions, such as tho Duckworth Club of Cin
cinnati, nro not represented here, while
the Jefferson Club of St. Louis and the
Young Men's Louisville Club sent only a
handful of men. instead of their usual
quota of hundreds.
Notable figures of the Democracy have
Ohio Leads Off In a Declaration Against a
Specific "Sixteen-to-One" Plank, and
Other States Swing Into Line to Break
the Dictatorship of the Man From
Nebraska.
contingent. Many of Mr. Bryan's towns
men and most devoted adherents arrived
to-night, including the Young Men's Bryan
Club of Lincoln and the Traveling Men's
Bryan Club of Nebraska. This steady
influx is straining the city's accommoda
tions to the utmost, and to-night people
are bMng packed into rooms and hallways
without much regard to comfort so-lonj;
as they can get a place to lay their heads.
The actual business of the day consist
ed in the final selection by the National
Committee of Governor Thomas of Col
orado as temporary chairman of the con
vention and the disposal of all contests,
including the seating of Senator Clark
and his Montana delegation. The choice
of Governor Thomas was something of a
surprise, as the executive committee had
practically decided for Mayor Rose of
Milwaukee: but on a close vote to-day
Governor Thomas was awarded the honor.
The committee also drew up the following
order of business for the convention:
Culling the convention to order by chairman
of National Committee.
Heading of call for convention by the secre
tary of the committee.
Prayer.
Speech of welcome by the Mayor of Kansas
City.
Response by Chairman Jones.
Announcement of the temporary organization.
Address by the temporary chairman of the
Resolution? ordering the reading of the Decla
ration of Independence.
Reading cf the Declaration of Independence.
Adoption of rules.
Resolutions authorizing the appointment cf
committees.
Appointment ot committees.
Cnlllne for reports of triese committees ancl
their subtni?s!on for adoption.
Presentation of the names of candidates for
President.
Balloting.
Presentation of th^ names cf candidates for
nomination of Vice President.
Ballot ins-
Call of the roll cf States for the names of
persons to serve, respectively, ca committees
to notify the nominees for President and Vice
President.
Opposing Sixteen to One.
To-day"s session of the monetary league
also attracted some attention, xnainly
throusfh Mr. Towne's speech severely ar
raigning his old associates of the Repub
lican party and declaring: that the record
in Cuba and the Philippines was one of
the most disgraceful pages of American
history.
But far more Interesting than the for
mal business cvf the day has been the
growing intensity of feeling: over the plat
form and the Vice Presidential candidate.
The most remarkable feature of the sit
uation is the sudden shift of sentiment
since yesterday, when the dominating In
fluence of Mr Bryan was everywhere
manifest, whereas to-day many delega
tions took formal action against a specific
H to 1 declaration. wh:ch is supposed to
be Mr. Bryan's sine qua non. The move
ment took form early in the day among
some of the most Influential men of the
party, ret through any sptrit of opposi
tion to Mr. Bryan, but because they be
lieved the overwhelming sense of the dele
pates was favorable to a. simple reafSrma
tion* of the Chicago platform, without a
specific declaration for IS to 1— that Is. a
conservative Instead of a radical financial
platform. As explained by one of these
leaders, a man foremost in the counsels
of the party:
"We nave nothing authoritative before
us showing that Mr. Bryan Insists upon
the 16 to 1 declaration. To be sure>. there
are reports and rumor? and the Nebraska
delegates may or may not represent his
views. The platform committee would
doubtless yield to the expressed wishe*
of Mr. Bryan, but -when the time corae«
the question will be asked. 'Who says
Mr. Bryan Insists upon this, and show us
the insister.* In all probability It will
not be forthcoming and the platform com
mittee will follow Its own dictates as to
the oroper course to pursue.
"There is no doubt that the personal
conviction of the members of the platform
committee will be for a conservative plat
form — a simple reafiinriatlon of the Chi
cago platform, omitting specific reference
to IS to.l. I have no doubt Mr. Bryan
would accept such a platform If It went
before him as the will cf the convention
The fact Is. we think It rather unjust to
place c Mr. Bryan in the attitude of a dic
tator making demands and we are pro
ceeding on the theory that these so-called
demands are not in reality being made by
him."
Ohio Leads the Opposition.
The force of the movement began to
make itself apparent as the day advanced.
Ohio led off, and after a short fight over
whelmingly instructed its representative
on the platform committee. Judge Chap
man, to work for a simple reafflrmation
of the Chicago platform without a. specific
16 to 1 declaration. This decision was
made in the face of a protest by Tom
Johnson that it was opposed to Bryan's
well-known wishes. The Florida caucus
followed suit soon after by instructing? Its
platform member, Mr. Gibbons, to oppose
a specific plank of 16 to 1. and then work
for a reafflrmation of the Chicago plat
form. At the West Virginia caucus the
same sentiment was manifested, on the
ground it would give a fighting chance
In West Virginia. The Georgia and Rhode
Island delegates expressed a like ten
dency. The Wisconsin delegation in cau
cus discussed similar action, but hpsitat
ed and finally postponed Its determination.
The Michigan delegation also came out
for a simple reafflrmation. And. aside
from these formal proceedings against the
IS to 1 specific declaration. It is under
stood that Pennsylvania, Indiana. Illinois,
part of New York and other Influential
every State represented. It was decided
to continue to advocate the nomination
of Town* ami a committee consisting: of
Vice Chairman Edniinston, Senators Pet
ligrew, Heltfeld; Harris and Allen, T. M.
Patterson of Colorado. J. B. Weaver of
Iowa. J. \V. Proidenthul of Kansas, H. S.
Taylor of Illinois, J. It. Sovereign of Ar
kansas, K. Gray Brown of Massachusetts,
C. II. Ashton of Minnesota. J. W. McGa
voch of Virginia; Hugo Price of Ohio and
EL S. Greece of Washington, was appoint
ed for tho purpose of conferring with
Democrats on the subject of the v/ce
Presidency. One member of the commit
tee ?aid Towne would be kept in the ileld
If he was not nominated by the Demo
crat?, but another member declared thut
Towne would not embarrass the candi
dacy of Bryan by a double-tailed ticket.
MAKES DEFENSE -
OF BRYAN'S POLICY
R, T. Metcalf Says the Man Who
Stands bu His Principles
Is Not a Dictator.
BY R. T. METCALF.
Special Pisrateh to The Call.
CAU. HEADQUARTERS. KANSAS
CITY. July 3.— Mr. Bryan has not
sought to dictate to this convention.
On the question of Vice President
he has not expressed his preference
or Riven tho slightest intimation as
to the man he would prefer even
to the members of the Nebraska del-J
epatlon. He has not Eoujrht to suggest
or name the chairman of the convention
or the officers of the Xational Committee
and in no way has he assumed the roil
of a dictator. The fact that he has In
sisted upon a specific 16 to 1 plank docs
not weaken the force of this claim. When
a man says "My principles are too pre
cious to me to be trimmed for expediency's
sake, my convictions are too thoroughly
grounded to admit of a surrender of fun
damental principles, my determination
that the public shall know exactly where
I stand on the great questions is so strong:
that I cannot in conscience swerve from
that determination." when a man takes
such a position as this he is not a dicta
tor. Rather he is the protector of his own
conscience and in this instance a guardian
cf the record for consistency and firmness
cf purpose that have given to him addi
tional sirer.gfti with each passing year In
spite of the efforts' of many of the gentle
men who now seek to write his platform
for him.
When people, know Mr. Bryan better
they will learn that he Is not a politician
in the popular acceptance of that term,
but Is honestly devoted to his views of
fundamental principles, and that, •while
not an obstinate man. on the question of
principles he is firm as a rock. The men
who know him best know him to be a man
of iron. He stands to-day determined
that the platform on which he is to be a
candidate shall contain a plank explicitly
pledging the party to Independent bimet
allism with a ratio of 15 to.l.
Those men of the East who don't know
the man. who may be Inclined to regard
his position on this question as an obstl
nnte one. should know that the same firm
ness of purpose, the same indifference to
appeals, even by meh known to be friend
ly to him. thnt characterizes his adher
ence to the principles in which some of
the men of the Kast believe him' to be
wrong. W 1H sustHin him in the White
House on many great questions on vrhlch
they believe him to be right.
The situation Is an unusual one. as po
litical situations have gone in this coun
try, but the man who is to be the nominee
of this convention Is an exceptional man.
As the prospective nominee of this con
vention he will not surrender his convic
tions. As the nominee of tho Democratic
party in the comtnsr campaign he will not
b« a dodper. In the White House he will
not be a wabblrr. When he shall be elect
ed the men who may be saddened by the
thought that they have a President who
believes in bimetallism at the ratio of 16
to 1 may find consolation In the demon
stration of the fact that also they have a
President who adheres to the policies and
traditions of the republic in preference to
the habits of an empire. He draws his
inspiration from the treat masses of the
people, rather than from the coterie of
trust agents. His purpose is to discharge
his duty so that the result shall be the
greatest good to the greatest number,
rather than surrender to a handful of men
for the privilege of administering govern
ment to the end that many shall bear all
the burdens and few shall enjoy all the
benefits. .
THBEE-PARTY CONFERENCE.
No Agreement Beached as Segard;
the Vice Presidency.
KANSAS CITY. July X— A conference ot
the three political parties was held at the
Kansas City Club to-day. From the Demo
cratic party there was Jones of Arkansas.
Tillman of South Carolina. Croker of New-
York and Johnson of Kansas; from the
Populists there was Edniiston of Nebras
ka. Weaver of Iowa. Pettigrew of South
Dakota. Allen of Nebraska and Heltfeld
of Idaho; of the Silver Republicans there
wj-re Teller of Colorado. Dubois of Idaho
and Nenlands of Nevada- Other repre
sentatives of the different parties wer*
present. The object of the meeting was
t* form the basis of an ajrreenrent be
tween the three allied parties as to a Vice
Presidential candidate.
The conference resulted practlcsJly in a
decision to incorporate a ppedflc decliira
ticn for the free coinage of silver at the
ratio of li to 1 In the Democratic plat
form. Xo agreement was reached ca the
Vice Presidency.
KAN8AS CITY. July 3-The New
York Slate delegation fuinishoil
tlio srnf atlon'of the day w!iet>.
Bftrr n stormy we— ion «'f tbrea
hours, it put forth a candidate- for
vice rr»si<vm In the person <>f
.i"lin \V. K«!l^r. * "ommissioiior of <*li.irl
ti*-s "f lh«» city of Now York. This was
done after David n. Hill bad been defeat
«d as a randMr.te for Now York repre
sentative on tho commitlee on pUtform
liy AiiKtifHiM \'ar. \\'><-k. ami. liavinR boon
.iffen-'l N«-w York's Indorsement for Vice
Pfesldont, !ia«l dc<ilncil it.
There sr« those In the delegation who
to-nlclit l«t !lo\(> tl'.at the delrjiatlon lead
ers .'!¦¦ playtna ttw same kmiiio that whs
jii(\.ti by ihe Republican delesates In
rbiladclphU when they Indorsed TUhothy
j. \\ ....(imfT for Viet- President, and thr«t
th« nmn<> of Kellur In presented for the
purpoM of keeping the delegates from
VOtlnC for any i^ther Now Yorker until
they can \"to cither for Towne or for
Fulror. t»tilr«T In favor of Kol
lar. an<i, in fact, seconded tiso nomlna-
IJon, which lends wine color to this sur-
Bilse.
It \t8 5 ? o'clock th!.« afternoon when
B«nator Mill was notified l>y I'rmik Catnp«
bell ihttt there was a movement on foot
in the Tammany delegation, assisted by
Klnr- bounty Htid Krl<\ to sidetrack him
i>v not putting him on the platform conw
jiiltt<»-. lmt J»y PtMtifilnK I'v him for \'!<"»
President. Shortly afterward Senator Hill
vjts v.-nt for and h.ul r Ioiik conference
vltli Mr. Crok«r. Mr. Phra. tx-Sonator
Hience and nnt experience in platform
iirnwhig tlint they want, hut confldonce.
The f«imn»litfM» would not \<^ as Busceptl
l>lo to Mr. Mill as they would to Mr. Vnn
VVjrck <m nny proposition «»f conserva
tip'm."
John w. McMahon w»!d: "For fift^n
rears Mr. Mill baa <lr«\*n our pullticsU
platforma In Now York and hns aasisted
111 «lr;«TvlnK (ln> national j.l.-it f<>rtns. H«>
h.ts been lioro aHblstiiiK In tho prellmlnnry
work iiml Mr. I5r>an ?ont for lilm to ?eo
«ho draft of the ««ne prepared fur this
convention. Mr. Vnn Wy< k has never
l«-en lo a poliilonl convention »tnd nover
nidod in drawing :i platform, it is roIos
to hurl us Furiously in Northern New
y.>rk if Mr. Hill is Insulted in tola way."
B#Mtor Orady answered curtly and
Pfrry Holinont and n dftlegate namoil No-
Ian from Rochester -each ppoke l:i favor of
Mr. Hill.
All thrnuRh the controveriy tlio ex-Oov
ernor tr >t Quietly. Then ho arose slowly
and. fadns Richard «rr>ker. who pat In
the r^ar of the room, slowly ;nui ilis
tinctlv:
"Tluro have born stUd some thlncs t lin t
have sin meil to lie retlfiM Ions upon my
nttltu<1«» in l«>t*. It phoul.l lio remombered
in passing such criticisms that I have n!"
ways been consistently ivmocratic No
man has a ripht to question my Democ
racy.*'
Croker Touches Off ft Bomb.
At this Croker arose. Baying in what
was evidently intended to in> a pacific
tone:
••1 don't think anybody intended to crit
l«"!z«> >onr Democracy. t>ut it is l>o!love<l.
;\s you wcresw strongly anlnst tin> Fii
lvp nlank. a now man would l»o moro nc-
? GOVERNOR CHARLES S. THOMAS OF COLORADO. WHO HAS BEEN l
CHOSEN TEMPORAKY CHAIRMAN OF THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL T
* CONVENTION. T
Murphy and Mr. MeCarren. He was no.
titled that the delegation stood ready to
Mar.d for him for Yitv President. He re
plied that he did rot want it. ar.d «a<i
!?:»•". tolil flatly that he could net ro on the
commute* oa platform. Croker intimating
i hat the l'r> ail element of the convention
«i;d bo! want him there. While this was
'•' ¦••>; told him Congressman Sulser was
waiting Otttvlde to hear the decision in
Ins cave. a;u1 Judge Augustus Van Wyck
«»» watting to hear whether he had been
selected to go on the platform committee.
Hill Leaves the Meeting:.
Besatorltm »jj:ue»i in vain against these
decision*, and finally the conference de
rided on the course afterward affirmed by
the detention, but not until there had
l*-<*i a hitter rtght. resulting in Hill's de
l>at. at which he left the delegation meet
ing.
The delegation ftrsr disposed of a con
test Jn Use Albany District by seating
Patrick i: UcCaba and Mark "Cohn. as
.'.es:j:r.ateV. bv ;he State Committee, in
place of \V. J. ciute and T. W Car.twell.
Senator Hill argued for McCabo and
*'oh!i. \\ hen :Ms was disposed «t the
newspaper tner. an! outsiders were sent
from the room *im1 then' began a stormy
peer.e. Senator K twarct Murphy presided
end when norr.inat'or.s were called for
Judjre I.ynn of Jtovhestcr arose and nom
inated as New York's representative on
the platforn eommlttM Augustus Van
W yck «>f ICir.cs. He spoke briefly of Van
Wyck"* standing in the party a:vi his abil-
Mayor Majr-ire of Syracv.se moved to
substitute the name <>f David R Hill and
then the contest was on. Majmlre said
that Hill had been always consistent, and
that hi* right fur any principle bad always
b*en in the ep*n. and that he had always
taken a defeat loyally. It had been uii
clerstoocl Rener»:iy that Senator Hill waj>
xt> be- the wmailiwmtn. and he for
one had n»t heard a complaint frcia any
botfy against him.
Senator McVarren. In woomilnc Van
AVyek. s*U1 that h!s splendid run In New
York State for Ooxemor in l^S against
a very popular car.iida'e entitled him to
consideration.
Frederick R. Bchraxib then spoke, nllee
irus that at thl» titr.e t.> turn frx^m Sena
tor Kill would look like a personal insult.
"It 1» ro time for a division In the par-
Grady Assails Sill.
Senator Thomas F. Grady pet Into the
arena .'n fore*. He did not personally at
tack HSU. but he nskel such pertinent
QtMstkms as: "Is Senator Ht:i the only
•v.i--. tr New York who can draw a plat
form? W> have been toJ.1 pretty well. " he
«ent en. ""what the pSatfQrta Is to be
and the New York State Convention
agreed to utand for it. There is litt!e use
for *l<xjiwnc>e. and they d,-»a't want elo
caence. Thev want a rran they can trust
Any proposition presented by Mr. mn In
the committee wouKI not receive the satis*,
consideration It wouKI If presented by a
raan like Judg* Van Wye*. It Is not «lo-
•eptable.** ar.d then Croker aroused Hill
>y adutrjr. "and there is no reason why
¦ ou thotud think that Ibt position is re
served for you every year."
"Xo. 1 have no sr.oh idea." answered
itill. shaking his finger across at Croker,
"but 1 WH.it you to rvmfmbcr that what
I did and what I said in the committee
tnd in the convention of 1>W was done
'or the >>emocrats of New York State and
when I went home I stood for the. ticket
is well as you did."
"Oh. you did not." exclaimed Croker.
'You weren't heard of much during 1 that
campaign.'*
"Equally as much as you are when, at
rritic.il times In the party's history In
the State, you are living in Europe, re
torted Hill.
"You're sore." replied Croker. senten
tiously.
"I accuse you." exclaimed Hill, "of try
ing to make me a Vice Presidential can
didate ngatr.st my will. I. tell you now
that 1 will not have It. You can't humil
iate me on one proposition and feed me
oa so? on another."*
He sat down and a vote was then taken,
resulting: For Van Wyck. 40; for Hill. 26;
»b>-er.t or rot voting. K.
Senator Hill, upon the announcement of
the vote. Immediately left the room.
Committeeinen Selected.
The delegation elected these members
pf the committees and *fncrrs:
Credent i»l*-I\ H. MoCarrrn.
r»rtn«n»nt orsanti*tifn — John I\ I.y=:v
Rules— Frederick C iv-hr»uh.
Platform— Aujmstun Van Wyvk.
XaUoaal Commttteeraan— Norman E. iltck.
To notify Pr**J<1*nt-Frank H. M«tt.
Toi notify Vic* tYesldent— M. M. Kim.
The delegation was then notified by
Senator Murphy that It should select a
Vice Presidential candidate, and. without
any ceremony, as If it had all been i»r
rsnjred beforehand. Mr. Shea of Brooklvn
rained John W. Kellar. Commissioner "of
Charities of New York City. and. upon
William Suiter seconding the motion. It
was unanimously carried.
Senator Hill, when swn later, said:
"All blunders are costly. This was a
blunder. It «.« Injecting New York ward
politics into national affairs. They were
not sincere. They showed their Insincerity
by putting forward lx?wis Nixon as their
candidate ar.d then nominating Kellar.
This is iv> personal matter. What I re
gret is the damage to ths party la the
State."
Frank Campbell, chairman of the State
committee, said to a friend:
-Tammany's action will hurt us badly
In the State."
Elliot Danforth refused to make a state-
POPULISTS TOILING.
Seek to Fore* Towne Upon the Demo
cratic Convention.
KANSAS CITY. July 3— The Populist
National Committee met to-day, about
?eventy-flv* members being present and
Ex-Senator David B. Hill Walks Out of a
Delegation Meeting After Having Been
Insulted bu Croker and Defeated bY Van
Wyck for a Place on the Platform
Committee.
Special Dispatch to Th- Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. KANSAS
CITY. July 3.— Senator White and
wife arrived this morning and ire
the guests of Mr. O'Rourke, about
three miles In the suburbs. Senator
White was to-day engaged in meeting
prominent party leaders, all of whom con
gratulated him warmly on the prospects
for complete restoration of his health. The
Senator presided over a meeting of Uw
California delegation to-day, and. after
mingling with leading Democrats, retired
at an early hour.
M. F. Tarpey, too. was In demand by
party leaders and he cast, the deciding
vote in the contest between Mnyor Rose
and Governor Thomas of Colorado for the
temporary chairmanship of the conven
tion. Governor Thomas is a close friend
of Tarpey's and the latter worked ener
getically for him to-day.
There was a warm contest for Califor
nia's membership on the national com
mittee. It had been waxing warmer ail
the way from San Francisco, and by the
time the delegates reached here they were
hot partisans for and against rarpey. T. no
vote was close to-day, but Tarpey won
by one vote over Jasper McDonald, after
F'rank Freeman had made attempts to
have McDonald withdraw in the Interest
of harmony. Those voting for Tarpey
were Messrs. White. Foster. Carrnichael
Woods, Freeman. Keya. Del \ alle and
Jastro; those for McDonald were Uenrt,
Phelan. Majrulre, Sweet. Edelman. HiU
yer. Henry and McFadden. Neither or
the contestants voted.
The following were elected to member
ship on the various committees of the con
vention: Frank Freeman on credentials.
Judge Maguire on resolutions. J. a. hweet
on permanent organization. J. H. Henry
on rules and order of business. John >..
Woods was made an honorary vice presi
dent of the convention and R. F. del \ a!le
was appointed on the committee t»» notify
the Presidential and Vice Presidential
nominees.
To-morrow morning 1 the delegation will
march in a body to the convention hall.
As a body the delegates have not deter
mined how they will vote, but when it
became known to-day that the New York
delegation had decided to cast Its vote for
Keller, an obscure Individual who for
merly contributed society news to a yel
low journal over the signature of "CholSy
Knickerbocker." the disgust of the CaP
fornians was great, and they forthwith
abandoned their announced intention of
following New York's lead.
Yesterday they were ready to do
Hearst's bidding, apparently, for a ma
jority of the members intimated that a^
New York voted so would they vote; but
"Cholly Knickerbocker" was too much
for them. and. although the delegation
has not expressed itself as a unit ami
may not vote as a unit, a majority of th»
Cafifornlans seem favorable to Adlat K.
Stevenson of Illinois as a compromise can
didate.
Many Southern States will follow the
action of Pennsylvania and Illinois and
will declare for Stevenson. The Stevenson
Tarpey Is Elected Cal
ifornia's Commit
teeman by One Ma
jority Over Mc-
Donald.
BITTER FEUD AMONG THE NEW YORK DELEGATES
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1900.
2
M. F. TARPET, ELECTED NAT IONAL COMMTTTEEMAN FOr. C \LI- Y
FORNIA AFTER AN EXCEEDINGLY CLOSE CONTEST. ?
DANGER AHEAD.
—From the New York Herald.
RICHARD CKOKER. WHO
HOPES TO CONQUER THIS
COUNTRY AND THEN LIBER
ATE IRELAND.
Just a Little
Out of Sorts
That Is the way many serious troubles
begin. The stomach gets a little out of
order. Is neglected, and chronic dyspeps'I
follows. The blood becomes a little t 3 .
pure, as occasional pimples testify, and Tn
time a long array of blood diseases attack
the system. It is safest to cure the?? trou-
bles at once by thoroughly purifying th»
blood with Hood's Sarsanarilla. !? n^ia
talcs the health and cures disease."
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America-3 Greatest Medicine, Price VLAlthough the report of the FUb-commit
•. .:. tbe Montana cuse was unanimously
in Clark's lavor it is known that in the
rab-comxniiX£e'i proceedings that organ
isation was net entirely harmonious, one
ot Its member* ttancing out againn.
r;arK. TbiM position was occupied by
Vrmiana. chairman of the sub-commit
tee, lie yielded gracefully, however, and
to-day joined hi* colleague In recom
inei;dir.g that the names of the Clark men
be piac«-d upon *!>e temporary roil.
Tola decision was based upon the b*-li«
on tho jj^rt of members that the State
convention which Sf!«-et«-d the Clark dele
gates contained a majority of the uncon
tt-st^-d d<-i*-«ri;<-s. Tne Daly men announce
their OetenBlBsXka to make a vigorous
lipht bf-fen? tbe committee on credentials.
The Oklahoma controversy was settled
la favor of Lbe Jacobs faction in opposl-
U :. to the Sip^-s faction. The Jacobs j>eo
jjt-ople were considered by the committee
to rave been most regular m their pro
cw-dings. * .
KANSAS CITY. July 3 -The Natlor.al
I>orn<,cra;ic Committee to-day disposed of
Uk business before it with alacrity. T. ie
centos wen first decided, that of Mori
tana betas the first to be taken up. The
report of tbe sub-committee was favor
. ' to Clark. The temporary chairman-
BWp was decided !n favor uf Governor
Thomas of Colorado.
Deposed Senator's Delegation
From Montana Recognized
as Regular.
CLARK TRIUMPHANT
OVER DALY FACTION
KANSAS CITT. July 3.— On the evening
before the national Democratic conven
tion the Vice Presidential nomination is
still unsettled. It is a usual expression in
a contest like this, when there are many
candidates and no one has a majority, to
say that it is "anybody's plum." But it
more aptly expresses the sttuatlon to say
that It is nobody's plum.
The chief development of the day ,was
the paralysis to a certain extent of several
booms. The morning opened with great
confidence on the part of friends of Mr.
Towne. The foregone conclusion that 16 to
1 was to be specifically mentioned In the
platform and -the disappointment of
those who advocated a different course
made it look for a time as if Bryan. 16 to
1 and Towne would be the three distinct
features of the Kansas City convention.
The manner in which the Towne boom
seemed to grow aroused those delegates
who want a straight-out Democrat • for
second place, and who object to being ac
cused of swallowing the Populist ticket
and platform.
It was this feeling that turned atten
tion to Elliott Danforth of New York, and
for a time It seemed that the East and
South combined might name the New
Yorker. And while the action of the New
York delegation in defeating Danforth
and putting up Kellar seemed to make
Danf orth's selection improbable, the tide
that set toward Danforth during- the day
served to show that the mass of delegates
was not for Towne.
Another thing that New York has indi
cated pretty surely is that the State does
not want' a 'Vice Presidential candidate —
at least the majority under the control of
Croker— for Kellar Is not considered In a
serious light at all. In this same connec
tion it may be said that the Sulzer can
didacy also suffered somewhat as Sulzer
timnnripii the nomination of Kellar, a
Convention,
Parallels Sets In Upon Several
- Booms on the Eve of the
VICE PRESIDENTIAL
PROBLEM UNSOLVED
LINCOLN, Neb.. July 3.— This was the
quietest day Mr. Bryan has enjoyed since
his return from Wisconsin. There were
no visitors of prominence, and aside from
a drive to the Missouri Pacific depot nt
noon to see a trainload of Lincoln people
to Take Snapshots of the
Nebraskan.
Photographers Besiege the Place
The committee adjourned to meet at 11
o'clock to-morrow and to proceed to the
convention hall In a body.
«. -¦'¦C-V;
QUIET DAY AT THE
BRYAN RESIDENCE
Resolutions of thanks to the officers of
the committee were adooted. the reso
lution in Senator Jonas' honor thankins
him for "th? impartial and able manner
In which he has presided over the pn»
ceedina* nf the committee and for his
rnergctic work."
C. A. Walsh was appointed temporary
secretary and he was authorized to ap
point all th<; assistants necessary. He
named W. A. Deford "of Kansas for first
assistant and secretary; J. K. Jones Jr. of
Arkansas, second assistant, and A. M.
McDaniels of Utah, third assistrnt.
Charlf-s S. Hampton of Michigan was
nam*-d as chief reading clerk, and J. H.
Gill^ppie of Iowa and Lee Ardmore of
Colorado as assistants. Senators Kenney
and Tillman and Messrs. Thompson, Wil
son and Clayton were appointed a commit
tee to mpet th«> Silver Republicans' and
Populists. As the motion leading to this
pctifn was first presented it provided for
a committee to vi«nt other organization?
r.nd extend to them the best wishes and
con eratu 1st Ions of the Democratic ' com
mittee.
At the afternoon session of the commlt
t*<? a decision was reached to seat the
Norris delegation from the District of
Columbia.
Mr. Rose, and Commlttceman Wilson of
Colorado and Clay ten of Alabama for Mr.
Thomas. The vote proceeded very evenly
until toward the close, when Mr. 'Thomas
mad? a Flight gain, which he held to the
ond. coming cut with a majority of two.
The total vote was 46, of which Thomas
received 14 and Rose 22.
"The campaign of 1S96 brought out the
greatest discussion of an economic sub
ject this country had s^en for a genera
tion. The campalgm of 1900 will Involve
not only economic but political questions
reaching down to the fundamental princi
ples of government. In IS.^5 we were" dis
cussing the wrongs of man. This year -we
shall discuss not only the wrongs but the
rlrhts of man."
Mr. Bryan this evening: grave out the fol
lowing as a political sentiment for the
Fourth of Julytv •
This afternoon Mr. Bryan met the Jack
sonian Club of Omaha, which stopped
here between trains on its way to Kan
sas City. Seated astride his horse, he
spoke. briefly to the members of the club,
his only significant statement being that
Democrats East, West, North and South
were now united on the Chicago platform.
Mr. and Mrs. Bryan and their daughter
Grace drove to the depot to-day to wit
ness the departure of the Lincoln march
ing clubs and their friends for -Kansas
City. Mr. Bryan boarded a car and at
tempted to make his Way down through
the train, but he had no sooner entered
the door of the first car than all of its oc
cupants were on their feet shouting and
clamoring for a speech. Further than per
sonal remarks and comments with these
nearest to him. Mr. Bryan had nothing to
say. Every car -was decorated with huge
banners bearing the name of the organi
zation'which occupied It. The last coach
was occupied by the Woman's Bryan
Club and on the back of this car was
hung- a huge picture of the candidate him
self.
Mr. Bryan said his Fourth of July pro
gramme was simple— that he will stay at
home and hear the news. The telegraph
companies have arranged to provide Mr.
Bryan with details of the convention pro
ceedings. Two telegraph instruments are
in his house, each connected with a wire
that can be switched directly to the con
vention hall, and operators will be pro
vided to remain as long as Mr. Bryan
cares to read bulletins or privately confer
with his friends over the wire.
leave for Kansas City, and a short speech
to the Jacksonian Club of Omaha In front
of the Lincoln Hotel, he spent the day
and evening at his city home arranging
to receive the proceedings of the conven
tion. The photographers of the city took
advantage of the lull and swarmed to the
Bryan home during the day, securing neg
atives of the house and its owner and
members of the family from every con
ceivable point cf vantage. . *
The day's developments, instead of mak
lnsr the situation clearer, simply resulted
peculiar position for an avowed candidate.
Of course, this act is an evidence of the
discipline ot Tammany Hall, but it also
confirms the impression among outside
delegates that Sulzer's candidacy Is not
serious.
Late In the evening, after the action of
the New York delegation became known,
the announcement was made that Illinois
was to place Adlai E. Stevenson In nom
ination and quite a little boom was started
for him by some of the delegates. Among
those who talked earnestly tor Stevenson
vas Henry D. Clayton of Alabama^ who
made the principal speech opposing Towne
In the three-party conference. He said
Stevenson had once been elected, that he
was popular In Illinois, and was a man
for whom the Gold Democrats had once
voted and probably would vote for
again. It also was said that Massachu
setts would vote for George Fred Wil
liams on the early ballot, and that there
was a prospect of a general "favorite
son" movement until the convention
would settle en some one acceptable to a
majority.
Mr. Croker told the three-party confer
ence that he had a candidate and that
he would bring him out during the day.
It was soon known that he reftrred to
Louis Nixon of New York, who was at
one time e constructor in the navy and
is now largely, interested in ship build
ing. It was supposed that Nixon would
be presented during the meeffnp of the
New York delegation, and the K.ellar in
dorsement was a complete surprise. It
Is believed Kellar Is not meant to be
pressed.
The conference of representatives of th»
Democrats, Populists and Silver Repub
licans, held in the middle of the day,
while not advancing the prospects of any
candidate, was not encouraging to the
friends of Towne. who felt after It was
over that they had a hard proposition Ui
face.
.' Another feature of the day was a dele
gation canvass made by friends of Towae.
This was undertaken for the purpose cf
making a show of their strength. The can
vassers found supporters In some, of ;he
delegations and obtained assurances -of
votes, but not in any such number ;.s to
give them very much encouragement. At
the same time. Towne Intends to remain
in the field, and his friends say that as
each and every boom collapses it will be
demonstrated that he is the logical cvji
didate, and the man who should be se
lected. .'-!**¥«««
The declaration of principles, as the
Monetary League calls Its platform, a
summary of which -has been published,
was unanimously adopted and a collec
tion was solicited from the audience to
assist in defraying Incidental expenses.
Ex-Governor St. John obtained the stage
and made a five minutes' emphatic
Mr. Towne reviewed at length the his
tory of the war in Cuba and in the Philip
pines, and asserted that the action of the
present administration in > keeping troops
In Cuba and In carrying on war upon the
people in the Philippines, whom it had
promised to protect, was one of the dis
graceful pages in history. At the conclu
sion of Mr. Towne's address he was hailed
as the next Vice President and received
an ovation on the stage. ¦ .
Hon. Charles A. Towne was introduced
a3 the next Vice President and received
an ovation. The subject of his address
was, "Some Republican Inconsistencies on
the Money Question." The Republican
party, he said, was the parent of the
greenback, and the greenback had been
done to death In the House, -whereiit was
born. In ' other words, the Republican
party had about-faced on all the issues
which at one time had made it *f* party
to be honored. The revolt of the Repub
lican party against public interests had
driven thousands, of whom the speaker
was one, ont of the party.
KANSAS CITY. July 3.— The second
day's session of the Monetary League be
gan in the Auditorium to-day with a light
attendance. B. F. Health of North Caro
lina read a. paper In tfhich he denounced
imperialism and militarism and advocated
the nomination «f Bryan and Towne. Gen
eral A. J. Warner of Ohio discussed the
currency bill passed by the last Congress,
criticizing the command made by the bill
on the Secretary of the Treasury to main
tain the parity of all forms of currency
with gold.
In tangling it up more than ever before,
leaving the selection of the \ ice Picsl
dent, not to the leaders and managers,
but to the convention.
MONETARY LEAGUE
SOLID FOR TOWNE
There was no night session cf the Mone
tary League, as had been advertised. For
neariy an hour after the time set for tho
meeting the doors of the Auditorium were
locked and no lights were turned on. A
small crowd remained en the sidewalk,
while the manager o f the Auditorium and
Dr. Strong. In charge of -the Monetary-
League moetir.es. held a conference. After
the conference Dr. Strong gave it out that
there would be no meeting in consequence
of a failure cf speakers to appear. The
management of the Auditorium made a
statement to the effect that the Monetary
League was in arrears In the matter o"f
rent to the amount of J132. and $-7) <!t:e the
doorkeeper, pages and messengers. A
compromise wa3 effected on the latter br
Dr. Strong anil a friend raising" $T». T>.»s
satisfied the boys and they left the middle
of the street. wh?re they had been holding
an Indignation raeeting.
/ The original agreement was for a pay
ment of J30 rent and KVd for helpers. At
the afternoon session the bat was passed
to make good the agreement, and when It
was returned if was short $117 157. The
speakers advertised to address the lea:rie
to-night were George Fre<1 Williams. Gen
eral Weaver. Alexander Delznar and Flx
vius J. Van Vorhis.
Tfce chairman announced the following
committee to -wait upon the committee on,
resolutlcr* of the Democratic National
Convention and submit to the latter the
principles of the league: Flavins Van
Vorhis of Indiana. W. H. Harvey of Illi
nois. W. H. Berry of Pennsylvania. A. A.
Johnson of Colorado, and ex-Govemor
John P. St. John.
Followln* the announcement Edwnrd
Wilde of New Jersey spoke as a Demo
crat and explained that one reason why
he appeared was to add his indorsement
of Towne. He believed that no stronger
ticket than Bryan and Towne could ' ba
named. He added that he was in favor
of gold aniK silver and he believed that
was what was contemplated by the ablest
financiers.
E. P. Core, from Kansas, was the first
speaker at the afternoon session of tho
league. His remarks were largely de
voted to an advocacy cf Bryan and
Towne.
speech of indorsement of Mr. Towne*3
Vice Presidential candidacy. Governor
St. John said he would not ask the league
to ask the Democratic Convention to nom
inate Mr. Towne. but If the league saw
fit to do so it would be what Towne de
served and would make the ticket in
vincible.
GROWING REVOLT AGAINST BRYAN'S ONE- IDEA POLICY.
important news from China was received
to-day. The Foreign Office has been of
ficially informed tnat 200 dispatches re
main at Chefu undent, which probably
explains the meagerness of the news
reaching Europe.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press had an interesting conversation to
day with Privy Councilor Hammar.n. He
says Emperor William has been confer
ring with a number of high military of
ficials, who have arrived at Wilhelms
haven from Berlin. He adds that proba
bly a resolution will be taken to send one
division of land troops to China, which
means 15.000 to. 20.000 men. Including cav
alry, artillery, "engineprs and commissa
riat corps. The informant added that the
Emperor's decision to send a number of
battleships to China was not lightly
taken, since it means weakening the de
fense of the German coasts. This, the
Emperor interprets. Is striking proof of
how necessary it was for the Reichstag to
appropriate the sums asked for ships In
foreign waters.
The summoning of the Reichstag for an
BERLIN. July 3.— The German Govern
ment has received a number of messages
of sympathy from abroad concerning the
murder of Baron von Ketteler, and all the
Embassadors and Ministers called at the
Foreign Office to express sympathy. The
Foreign Office has sent a high official. Von
Westphalen. to apprise Von Ketteler's
mother, who Js very old. of his death.
Von Ketteler's wife Is still In Peking. No
concert with the other powers at Taku.
Broderick. in a general reply to previous
inquiries, insisted that it was useless at
the present time to attempt to draw the
Government Into a discussion of Its policy.
The Government cculd not discuss the fu
ture government of China, its sole pre
occupation at present being to save the
legations.
SYMPATHY EXPRESSED
FOR KETTELER'S DEATH
LONDON, July 3.— The Parliamentary
Secretary cf the Foreign Office, William
St. John Broderick. in the House of Com
mons to-day said a telegram had been re
ceived from the British Consul at Tientsin,
dated Jure 2S. saying the allied forces had
burned three arsenals, with an immense
quantity of stores, powder and ammuni
tion.
William Pritchard Morgan, Liberal,
urged that the Government should be
more energetic in taking steps to rescue
the legations at Peking, and claimed that
it should insist that LI Hung Chang be
appointed regent.
John Dillon. Irish Nationalist, said he
wanted to know if America wa3 acting in
ASKS IF AMERICA IS
ACTING WITH THE POWERS
I fighting for one common cause — for civl
! lization. We must bear in mind, too,
something higher, namely, our religion
ar.d the defense and protection of our
brother? cut there, some of whom stake
their lives for the Savior. The flags
which here float above you go under fire
for the first time. See that you bring
th*»m back to me clean and stainless and
without a spot. My thinks, my prayers
and my solicitude go with you.
"This very day the commander of the
cruiser squadron has asked me to con
sider the dispatch of a division. You will
have to face axi cn*my who are no less
courageous than vourselves and trained
by European officers. The Chinese have
learned the use of European weapons.
"Thank God your comrades of the ma
rine infantry and my ,navy when they
have encountered them have proved true
to the old German battle cry. They have
defended themselves with glory, have won
victories, have done the duty committed
to them.
"Thinktalso of the honor of our arms.
Think of those who have fought before
you and go forth with the old Branden
burg motto:
Trust in Go<i. rtand bravely.
This the whole of thy honorable duty.
For who help*"'! tiy 'jO<1 dares battle heartily
Is never driven from the world.
The Emperor's departure for Norway
has been postponed.
taining. for them the same guarantees as
offered to those who visited France. Con
tinuing, M. Delcasse said:
"We nourish i.o secret design. Common
danger demands common aim and common
efforts. This necessity ia realized by ail
the powert. I 'assure the Chamber that
France will neglect nothing to strenjrthpn.
the sentiment of human solidarity, which
will prevent the powers from thinking of
anything which might divide them."
CHINA'S EDICT IS
TANTAMOUNT TO WAR
LONDON. Jnly 4. 4:M a. a.— Tha
Shanghai correspondent of tha Times
telegraphed on Monday;
"The edict issued at Peking June 6
amounts to an open challenge to the pow
ers and practically declares war. It com
mands the provinces to enroll the Boxers
and troops to assist to expel the foreign
ers."
A special dispatch frnm Shanghai, dated
July 2. says that the Taotai of Shanghai
notified the Chinese newspaper that be
ginning June 21 no notice will be taken of
decrees of the so-called Imperial govern
ment, as Prince Tuan had seized tha
power en that day.
REPORTS THAT TV/0 OTHER
MINISTERS WERE KILLED
REPORT THAT ADMIRAL
SEYMOUR IS WOUNDED
LONDON. July 3.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai says Chinese reports aro
current that two other Foreign Ministers
were murdered the same day as Baron
von K?tteler. From the same source it
Is declared that the Mission Hospital at
Moukden has been destroyed by firo ami
that the native Christians have be^n mas
sacred. It is further asserted that tha
foreigners fled to Newchwang.
LI HUNG CHANG ASKS
FOR AMERICAN GUNBOAT
LONDON. July 3.— Regarding the story
of renewed severe fighting at Tientsin, a
special dispatch from Shanghai adds that
reports are current that Vice Admiral
Seymour has been wounded.
LONDON". July 3.— A special dispatch
from Hongkcpg says: Li Hun? Chang has
requested a L'nited States gunDcat to take
him to Tientsin. .
FOREIGNERS ORDERED OUT.
CHEFT, July 3.— It is reported that all
foreigners have been ordered out of Tien
tsin. The situation Is considered desperate.
The Chinese are pushing their entrench
ments ur.der the walls. The railway be
twffn Tientsin and Lutal is in the hands
of the Chinese.
STRENGTH OF CHINESE ARMY.
LONDON. July 4.— The Times' St Peters
burg correspondent says that on June 5)
the erand staff of the Russian army es
timated the Chinese army to number
1.T20.C00 men. He also said that about
900.000 Mausers have been Imported with
in the last three years.
STARVATION THBZATZ^S.
SHANGHAI. July 3.— According to the
latest Peking news from Chinese sources,
the legations are at such extremities from
lack of provisions that tha women who
escaped the bullet are perishing of starva
tion.
extra session has up to the present not
been considered. Count von Bulow, the
Minister of Foreipm Affairs, is still with
the Emperor at Wllhelmshaven. but their
return to Berlin Is hourly expected. If the
situation Is critical his Majesty's post
ponement of his summer trip to Norway
•will be final. The German Government
maintains, as heretofore, that no division
of China would be allowed, the main ob
ject being to save the lives of the whites
and restoring order In Pekingr and else
where. Asked whether the Chinese
Minister would be dismissed, Herr Ham
mann'9 answer was:
"Not for the presnt. as we do not yet
know the situation of the Chinese Govern
ment and who Is responsible fpr the out
rages. It certainly looks suspicious, since
events now show the Chinese provincial
authorities have been all along in tele
graphic communication -with Peking, re
ceiving Instructions from there and send
ing false news abroad.*
TEN AMERICANS IN
ALL KILLED BY BOXERS
WASHINGTON. July 3.— While doubt
existed at first as to the extent of the
casualties reported by Admiral Kempff
last evening from Chefu. the Navy De
partment has finally accepted his cable
gram as showing that the casualties were
ten killed and thirty-seven wounded
among the American landing forces. Of
the ten killed four bad been previously
reported, namely, ' Boatswain's Mate
Thomas. Gunner's Mate Benson, Appren
tice Breman and Landsman Severson. all
with McCalla's detachment accompany
ing Seymour's column. The other six
deaths were among the marines attached
to Major Waller's command and occurred
during the attack upon Tientsin and the
march thereto. The history of the lat
ter, as shown by the records here, was as
follows:
Corporal James Francis Lannlgan. aged
22. enlisted at Brooklyn August 2<>. X83&
Next of kin. Mrs. Arthur Noble. 1322
Rochester avenue. Boston.
Private James K. Miller, aged 23. en
listed at Philadelphia. December 1». 1S38.
Next of kin, Miss Margaret Milkr. 617
Light street. Baltimore.
Private John Hunter, aged 23. enlisted at
League Island. June 14, 1S96. Next of kin.
not given. „
Private Edward T. Provelsal. aged K.
enlisted at Bostcn May 4, 1S99. Next of
k'n, Isadore Provelsal of Windsor Mills.
Can.
Private W. H. Nichols, aged 24, enlist
ed at Mare Island, Cal.. November 15.
1S9S. Next of kin, William H. Nichols.
Folsom. Cal.
Private Martin H. Morris, net William
A as given, aged 51: enlisted at New
Vo'rk, November 16. 1SS9. Next of kin.
Mrs. E. Morris, Westbury, L. I.
TAKES A GLOOMY VIEW
OF OUTLOOK IN CHINA
PARIS. July 3.— In the Chamber of Dep
utk-s tc-day M. Chambat. Socialist, asked
for explanations regarding the credits for
operations in China. He took a glor.my
view of the outlook, saying he thought
trouble might arise out of the quairels
between the powers regarding their re
spective spheres of influence. The atti
tude of France, he claimed, ousht not to
be the covetous attitude of the powers
whose aim was the dismemberment of
China. When the Frenchmen were res
cued and peace re-established. France, in
his opinion, fought to unite with tho?e
rowers who wit-hed to respect the Chinese
nationality. His party thought it better
to relinquish the railroad, which displeased
the Chinese, than to risk putting the Far
East to fire and blood.
M Delcasse. Minister of Foreign Affairs,
replied that France had no desire to make
war on China, tut could not shrink from
the duty of protecting her citizens and ob-
BERLIN. July 3.— Addressing the de
tachment ofjSerman marines which sailed
from Wilhelmshaven for China yesterday
the Emperor made a remarkable speech,
during which h% notified the world of
Germany's intention to avenge the mur
der of Baron von Ketteler, the late Minis
ter of Germany to Peking, and of the mis
sionaries, and to dictate terms to the Chi
nese from the palace a: Pc-kir.g. Accord
ing to the Lokal Anzeiger his Majesty
spoke as follows:
•"The firebrand of war has be«>n hurled
in the midst of ihe racst profound-peace.
Unhappily this was to me not unexpected.
A crime 'of unspeakable insolence, horri
fyir.Br in its barbarity, has been committed
against the person cf my trusted repre
sentative and has taken him from us. The
Minister? of the other powers hover be
tween life and death ar.d with them tho
comrades sent for their protection. It
may be while I speak they have already
fought their last fight.
'•The German flag has been insulted and
The Gtrman empire treated with contempt.
This demands exemplary punishment and
ver.gf-a.nce. Events have moved with
frightful rapidity ar.d have become pro
foundly grave and still gravf-r. Since I
called you to arms what I hoped to effect
with the marine infantry has now become
a difficult task which can only be fulfilled
with the help of the serried ranks of all
civilized states.
"I will net rest until the German fla?.
Joined to those of the other rowers, floats
Xriumphantly over China's nag. and until
it has been planted on the walls of Pe
king to dictate peace to the Chinese. You
will have to maintain good comradeship
with all the other troops that you will
come in contact with over yonder. Rus
sians, British and French, all alfke are .
W1LUAM ANNOUNCES THAT
HE WILL HUMBLE CHINA
other reverse to the allied troops would
precipitate a massacre of foreigners in
the south which Li Hur.g Chang would
be utterly unable to avert. He recently
outwitted the Sun Tatsen party by buy
ing thousands of Mauser rifles at Macao.
He is increasing his troops, the corre
spondent f=ay«. adding another 1000 guards
to those at Canton and recruiting two di
visions to 7500 each.
A dispatch to the Daily Telegraph from
Its Shanghai correspondent, dated July 2.
says that the crief pastor at the Moukden
mission has been killed, together with a
cumber of native Christians.
duce the Ministers to leave the legations
so that they might be massacred by fan
atics, thus evading governmental respon
sibility for their death. The American,
British. French and Russian Ministers
suspected a plot and refused to leave the
legations.
Baron von Ketteler, however, accepted
the invitation and left the German Lega
tion with a small escort of German ma
rines. Opposite the foreign Office he was
assailed by the Chinese soldiery and shot
four times. The Foreign OSice was burn
ed by the marlr.es in their endeavor to
defend Baron von Ketteler. whose body
wa? hideously mutilated.
Another account has it that all the
Ministers were invited to a conference
with the Tsung-li-Yamen. and that Baron
von Ketteler started ouc first and was
murdered. The other Ministers then re
fused to venture on the street. A British
ofneer and some soldiers were wounded
while trying to defend Baron von Ket
teler. German sailors, this account says,
got fire to the Tsung-H-Yamen building.
F.missaries of Prince Tuan are circu
lating through the southern provinces
and. as the southern Viceroys assert in
their public proclamation, that they will
not cbey Prince Tuan's decree, a civil war
Is considered probable. The Boxer move
ment appears to be spreading rapidly
southward. Xot too much confidence 13
placed by the Consuls at Shanghai in the
Viceroys' assurances. Their^ essential
condition is that the Viceroys shall be in
dependent rulers under the auspices of
the powers. None of the Consuls has yet
pledged bis country to a definite course.
Russians and Japanese.
Action of the Russian and Japanese at
Taku is strongly antagonistic. It seems
that the Russians arbitrarily 'claim one
of the captured Chinese torpedo-boats
which the captain of the British torpedo
boat destroyer Whiting left for the Japa
nese. It is asserted that serious trouble
would have resulted except for the disci
pline of the Japanese.
The Canton correspondent cf the Daily
TelegTaph, wiring under date of July 1,
says the large Chinese steamship com
par.ies are applying for leave to trans
fer their ships to the American flag-.
Business is almost at a standstill and an-
When Sir Robert Hart's Mes
senger Left Millions of Mon
gols Followed the Heads of
Victims Through the Streets,
Chanting "Kill the Foreign
Devils" — Fighting at the Le
gations.
LONDON. Jnly 4. 2:43 a. m.— Couriers
who arrived at the seats of gov
ernment cf the southern Viceroys
from their agencies In Peking give
vivid but fragmentary pictures cf
what Is being enacted in the capital.
Tbese couriers swra'ngly left Peking a
cay or two later tUan the messenger of
Sir Robert Hart, the Inspector General of
Customs, who started on the nisht of June
"4. They report that the heads of some
¦of the captured If-fration guards were be
•ir_S borr.e through the streets at the top?
cf spears, followed by zealots chanting
"Tat Yar*: Ktrfe Tse Tapi. Tapi" <klll the
foreipn devils, kill. kill*. The city's rnii
liors have l>een roused to patriotic fer
rcr, Ireaking out Into the wil<!e?t ex
cess, while over half the city could be
heard li«rhting around the legations.
6Ir liotKTt ESkrfa t miner, who was in
ti r viewed by the correspondent of the As
sociated Press at Shanghai, supplemented
the tragic sentences of the dispatch he
l-<re by a rarrative of some thlr.gr ne
fsw. He Bays the foreigners were makir.g
g. last Bland In the extensive buildings
sxni tsclosures cf the British Legation, j
Tl>ey hsJ many dead and wounded.
Among ihexa were pome women and chil
dren. AH «rere short of food, even cf the :
commonest necessaxle*. The women were
starvlr.p. they gave a part of their ;
:i .':.: -nance to the children. The for- \
dgBers, Devertheles*. were holding out j
under a terrible flx*. opbeld by the hour- !
!y expectitloa cf relief. They knew they
would DOt be abandoned, and that the
a-jj!e« cf Their (roverr.ments -were ad
vaiicir.g. Sent- times they thought they
co-j'.d bear artHlery in action beyond the
waii.
To Exterminate Foreigners.
They were unable to return the Sre of
the Chinese, except at moments when ah
£P~auH peeraed imminent. Then the ir.a
chir.e jrur.s and repeating rifles tore the
Etmmtog parties to pieces. The messen
ger ci; r- ssed the belief that It would be
Imp Esfi for the foreigners to resist
r-.-uch longer, a? the Chinese were prepar
es ' ' batter co-wn The walls of the court
;,r.rf the defenders' ammunition was
rensisg low. Orders were given by Prince
Tuar.. i he messenger said, that since same
had been fcmed, net another foreigner
: be left alive. The Chinese soU
dlcrs were exhorted to sacr!5ce their live*
¦rtthont hesitation. If In so doir.g they
couid help exterminate the "Yang Kuie
Tse."
Extreme- precautions had been taken to
pr«-v»::t :h«? foreigneri from cornmunicat
ir.p with any one outside the city, and a
cumber ( f runners who had been seat out
were killed by tht- Chinese. This messen
?cr suec»-ejed in getting through by
Binearteg face and clothe? with blood
-ir.ir.g in the outcries against the
•foreign devils." He passed the remains
of foreigners cf Admiral Seymour's force
bad been killed between l^xng Far.g
and Li Fu. Their bodies had been cut
I pieces aod :h>:r h»?ads carried at the
esds • f bamboos.
Arr^y of Hanchus Advancing.
A lartre army of Menchu Chinese im
; . troops, with twenty guns. Is re
ported to b*- advancing in the direction of
Tientsin.
BeUaaee Sf placed in Shanghai on most
o£ the rtatcaaenta made by the messenger.
bs be is known to be faithful to* the
: :• i-T.ers.
Tbe corisular body at Shanghai is of the
aion that the food and ammunition of
tbe \rfs\f~ge-d legation forces at Poking,
ng b*-come exhausted, they must be
dead <r imprisoned, and that it would be
futile to make desperate efforts for their
r< '.:< f with an inadequate force. It Is re
gar^f-d at Shanghai as appalling that
I ¦• ¦ z Is tw-ir.g dene for the relief of the
r>f-?Jep<' 1 f"rei?ners and that they should
be abandoned to a horrible fate.
The inability at IV?) men — the latent es
timate of the number landed— to advance
is exx<!ained by the ptatoment that the
Ohineee ermy b"tv.een Tientsin and Pe-
V:z.z had been heavily reinforced, and
That !t bad abundant artillery and numer
ous cavalry, giving it large advantages
over the allies. Reeormoitering: parties
run a jrroat hazard of brir.g surrounded.
captured and probably executed by tor
tcre. A long delay seems certain before
ar. effective advance can be made.
£5evere fightinr. according to vagrue re
ports, continues" around Tientsin.
Prince Tuan's Plot-
Various arcountF of the murder of
Baron von Kett^lrr reach Shanghai. The
t orresjyonder.i ¦ f the Express pays that
Pririce Tuan. who is the dictator at the
capital, tried by m«-ar.s of a trap to in-
FOREIGNERS IN PEKING WERE MAKING BRAVE STAND
United States Notifies the Powers
of the World That Its Troops
and Ships Are Not Sent to
Make War on China, But
to Look Out for Interests
of Americans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
*
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. July
3.— Formal notification of the attitude of the United States with respect to
China was given by Secretary Hay to-day to the powers of the world. Tha
statement which was cabled to Embassadors and Ministers in European
capitals and !n Japan for submission to their respective Governments em
bodies these points: The United States does not recognize the existence of a state
of war. The United States has not sent troops ami ships to China to make war
upon her; they are sent to look out for Americans and their interests and to
assist the legal Government In establishing and maintaining order. The United
States will withdraw from China when peace is restored. The Importance of
this action in the opinion of well-informed diplomats here cannot be overesti
mated. It seems that the policy which the administration will pursue, contem
plating as It does the maintenance of the Integrity of China, will be followed by
all the Governments Interested In the Far Eastern question. Coming at this mo
ment, when each Government, suspicious cf the other, is endeavoring to frame
a policy best suited to Its interests. It Is regarded as a bold stroke of diplomacy,
and Secretary Hay is given full credit for It.
Reading between the lines the powers of the world will recognize that tha
attitude of the United State? does not permit the dismemberment of China. That
Is an event -which, according 1 to Secretary Hay's views, -would be of vast injury
to American interests. The principle of the "open door" which he succeeded in,
establishing last winter could only be preserved by keeping China intact.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1900.
In the easx? of the Indian Territory the
«3<-ciFion wm favorable to the Macruna
?::c;!on. r;!so rm th.-r ground ol resrularity.
Mr. Maemrr. 1? the prtrent memoer of
thi' national '•'-?r.rnitu-*. and the fight
«a« principally upor. him.
. Th«* batUe over the tfraporarjr ohair
¦ mau^hip was short but *harp. The only
\ candidates for the ofnce were Governor
C. S. Thomas of Colorado and Mayor D.
K. Uc*- of Milwaukee. B^th were placed
Jn nomination with eulogistic speeches.
Senator Kenrr cf Dataware And Comtnlt
'tfrf Clancey of Wisconsin isooke for
3
BOXERS TEARING UP THE
RAILROAD TO PEKING BE
FORE ADMIRAL SEYMOUR"S
COLUMN.
CHINESE PRACTICING WITH LONG-RANGE GUNS UNDER EURO
PEAN INSTRUCTORS AT PEKING.HANDICAPS FIXED FOR
THISTLE ATHLETIC GAMES
Olympians Who Will Strive for Hon
ors in Four Events on Track
and Field.
The Thistle games on the Fourth of July
in which a number of Olympic Club ath
letes will participate promise good ath
letic sport. They will be held under the
auspices of the Pacific Amateur Associa
tion, John Bockman acting as referee; K.
Fahrbach and H.'Hansen, Judges; H. A.
Keeler,, timer, and George James as
starter.
The following handicaps have been fixed
In the four principal events:
SSO-yard race— M. L. Esplnosa, 10 yards; F,
W. Burgess, rcrateh; George W. Braun. 20
yards: M.McCabe, 20 yards: E. W. Scott. 20
yards; P. C. Gebbardt, 20 yards; Frank Ferreni,
CHICAGO STILL WINNING.'
Beats the Quakers and Pittsburg
Takes Care of Boston.
correct Standing of the clubs.
Clubs— W. L,. Pet. I Clubs— "V\\ L, Pet
Brooklyn ....38 20 .643jClnclnnati ..2S 3i) (S3
Philadelphia 33 25 .sifiS Boston 26 29 473
IMttsburR ...32 28 .K53 St. Louis.... 24 31 :436
Chicago 29 29 .500 New York. ..13 SB .313
CHICAGO, July 3.— The home tpam put up a
good game, both at the hat and In the field,
and easily won to-day's ttame. Although the
Philadelphias hit Griffith frequently. they
could not Lunch their hits so as to make runs
Attendance, 2000. Score:
Club»— R. h. E.
Chicago 9 j
Philadelphia 3 jq 3
Hatteriep-Grifh'.h and Donohue; Bernhard
and Douglass.
CINCINNATI, July 3.— When the locals went
to bat In the. sixth they were seven runs be
hind New York. Five safe hits, two bases
on balls and two errors allowed them to score
eight. Ptimmel. a now pitcher, was tried
by Cincinnati and hold the visitors down after
Ureltenstein had been forced to retire. At
tendance l'-CO. Score:
Clubs— n. H E .
Cincinnati io 7 4
New York 8 14 5
BattPries-Breltenstein, Ptlmmel and Peitz-
Doheny and IJowerman. 1'mplre — Snyder. '
PITTPBl-RO. July 3.— Excellent support be
hind Chesbro saved Pittsburg from defeat and
the bunching of hits in the third gave the
only chance In the same to win. Both teams
fought hard. Attendance 3200. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E
PIttsburg 2 5 i
Huston - l 6 0
Batteries— Chesbro and Zimmer; Lewis and
Clarke.
American League Games.
DETROIT, July 3.— Detroit 5. Buffalo 2
KANSAS CITY. July S.— Kansas City 2. Mil
waukee 4. ¦ •¦-....-»
MINNEAPOLIS, July 3.— Chicago S, Minneap
olis 9.
CLEVELAND, July 3.— Cleveland 5, Indian
apolis 2. .
JONES WINS IN ENGLAND.
California Jockey Bides St. Louvaine
to Victory at Newmarket.
LONDON, July 3.— At the Newmarket
race meeting to-day the trial plate of 200
sovereigns for three-year-olds and up
ward was won by J. E. Platt's bay colt
Planudes, ridden by Tod Sloan. .'¦ .' : ',V-'
A maiden two-year-old raqc of 200 sov
ereigns, added to a sweepstake cf tlve
furlong*, was- won by Sir E. Castillo's
bay 'filly,: St. Louvaine, with E. Jones up.
The July stakes of 5000 sovereigns f or
two-year-olds ended in a dead hea; be
tv. een Elves, with -J.:, H. - Martin up, and
Uoricles, with Loates up. .
•Commonwealth Sill Passed.
LONDON*. July 3. — The House of l^orrls
to-dav passed the Australian Common
wealth bill.
Hotel Man Bankrupt.
NEW YORK, July 3.— George P. RrHth.
manager of the Clarenden Hotel, filed a
petition In bankruptcy to-day, showing
liabilities of $304,874 and no assets.
SUISITN. July 3.— John H311 and Charles
Howl of Vacavllle. recently convicted h^r^
of the crime of criminal assault, appeared
before Judge Puckles yestrrday for sen
tence. Defendants' attorneys made a mo
tion for a n*?w trial on the ground of
newly discovered evidence and uncorrob
orated evidence given at the trial. The
motlor was denied by Judsre UucKles. The
hearing on the motion fur arrest of Judg
ment was continued until July 17.
"Want a New Trial.
At a meeting of the Interstate Coursing
Club, held last' night at Pythian Hall, it
was decided to run the John Grace chal
lenge cup stakes in the fall of the year
Instead of In, February, as - heretofore.
Hut this was not all that was done.
By raising the entrance fee from $10 to
$50 and Vmltlng the stake to sixty-four
entries the Hrst steps were taken to se
cure a coursing event unparalleled in the
history of the sport In this country.
This means that .$3300 wlll.be paid into
the treasury toward the stakes which will
run over $(5100. The very best dogs in the
country will be run, although an owner is
'jilted to but one entry. This stake will
bu the richest ever arranged in America
and will compare most favorably with the
great historic Waterloo stake of England.
In order that no time should be lost a
committee was appointed last night to
take subscriptions for nominations and to
report at a special meeting to be called
by the president whenever, the work of
the committee has so far advanced as to
require it.
For the 1900 Futurity stakes there have
been 121 nominations, for which the sec
ond payment has been made. This stake
will be* run' in September. In the near
future the secretary will issue a circular
showing sex, color, age and breeding of
all the nominations. ',..;..
nut filly Queen C. and T. W. Barstow's
Wilkes Direct. The latter, won, getting a
mark of 2:22V£.
The second race was between the S. R.
Stock Farm's sorrel filly Captivity and
John Quinn's brown mare La Belle. The
mare took the money and a mark of 2:2*5.
The third event was a three-year-old trot,
stake of 1900, mile heats, two in three.
There were four entries on the card: J.
13. Iverson's Dagmar, the Vendome Stock
Farms Thomas n, A. G. Guernett's Zara
bra and the S. U. Stock Farm's Rosarla.
Zambra took the race and first money
in two straight heats, both ilnishes being
red hot and won by Thomas R by nar
row margins. The first heat was taken
by a neck and the second trip they went
under the wire with Zambra only a nose
to the good.
In th*» fourth race, a 2:16 pace, stake
IS'tO. mile heats, three in five, there were
nine entries. S. Wilson's bay gelding
Walter K sold as a hot favorite* but
made a scant showing until the fourth
heat, when he passed under the wire in
2:12. He took the. fifth heat in 2:13 and
th<> sixth hf>at in 2:16ft, the only contest
ant being Wilhelmina.
In the fifth race, a special roadster race
for Santa Rosa horses for $250, mile heats,
three In five. F. IJ. McGregor put up
Cock Robin. \V. E. Healey named Phfloso
phv and George A. Stone had Klondike.
The first heat, which was taken by Klon
dyke in 2:25. was thrown out, and after
three more trips without a de'clslon the
finish was postponed until to-morrow at
1 o'clock p. m.
SUMMARIES:
Special nintch. 1100 a side, mile heats, two in
three.
"\Vllkes Direct (Nutwood Wilkes, by Dl
rector). .Harstow 1 2 1
Queen C, Abies 2 1 2
Time— 2:22'i, 2:2S'4; 2:43.
Special match, $100 a side, mile heats, two In
lA Belle (PHble Wilkcfi), Qulnn.......;....l 2 1
Captivity. Abl»s .....2 1 2
Time— 2:2!)'i, 2:2814. 2:26.
Three-ypar-old trotting, stakes $200, mile
heats, two In three.
Zambra (McKlnnoy-Nellle Fatrmount), Mc-
Oonal.1 1 1
Thomas It. Hund 2 2
]to*arli. Abies 3 d
Dagmar, Rodriguez ..4 d
Time— 2:27. 2:23.
2:16 pace, ptake $:>00. rnlie heats, three in five.
Walter K t Happy Pilot, by C. N\
P.) Hrown 3 7 6 1 1 1
Wilhelmina. \X. O. Durfee 2 11 2 2 2
Heriiard. Whitney 5-3 2 6 3 0
<;<orsle B. Cecil 12 4 6s
Kins Cadenza. LHinlap 4 5 3 3 0 0
Teddy the Koan. Brown 7 4 5 4 0 0
Gafftppsall. Smith 6 d
UpileVV. Wempe .....8 6 d
Queen R, Hodce? ; S d
Time— 2:14Vi. 2:I1'.£. 2:13, 2:12. 2:13. S:]6i4. •
Ppeclal for Santa Kova horses, $250, mile,
heats, three In five.
(Jeorge A Stone's Klondike (Quinn)......l 2 2
K. D. McGregor's Cock Robin <McC3regor).2 1 3
V.*. E. Healey's Philosophy (Albers) 3 S 1
Postponed until to-morrow.
Time— 2:22Vfe. .2:20, 2:24H.
Tennis Championships.
LONDON, July 3.— In the tennis cham-
plonshlp garner to-day Mrs. Hllyard re
tained the title of lady champion, de
featlnR Miss Cooper. In the gentlemen's
championship R. F. Doherty, holder of
the championship, beats. H. Smith.
Cash Sloan in Front.
COMPAIGNE. July 3.— The race for the
Prix F.ort Pourier of 2000 francs \ at 1000
metres was run here to-day and was won
by a snort neck by Baron Leonl's Neptune
II. Cash Sloan, the American Jockey, had
the wlculns mount. . -
Liberal Display of Bunting and Flags
to Be Made at His Private
Residence.
CANTON, Ohio. July 3.— Decorators be
gan on the McKInley residence to-day. A
liberal display of bunting and flags will
be made at the private home of the chief
executive. Many townsmen and old ac
quaintances paid their respects during the
forenoon.
Comptroller of the Currency Charles G.
Dues arrived this afternoon and was es
corted to the McKInley home by Judge
Day and Postmaster George B. Frease.
Captain Folger of the United States bat
tleship Kc-arsarge. who Is to read the let
ter of Secretary Long presenting the tro
phy cannon to the city to-morrow, ar
rived in the city to-day.
SENTENCED FOR SEEKING
TO DEPRESS STOCK PRICES
Punishment Is Imposed by the Court
Upon Goslin. Packer and
Davis.
NEW YORK, July 3.— Justice Fursman
In the criminal term of the Superior Court
to-day sentenced Alfred R. Goslin, Eu
jrene L. Packer and Charles T. Davls».
found guilty yesterday of conspiracy to
depress the price of Brooklyn Rapid Tran
sit stock. (Joslin wa« sentenced to six
months In jail and to pay a fine of $300.
Packer and I>avis were sentenced to three
months each and to pay a line of $250 each.
REVOLUTIONISTS ARE
APPROACHING PANAMA
State of Affairs Daily Becoming More
Critical and Much. Alarm
IS Felt.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
aM. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador. July 3.— There
has been no chanjre In the revolutionary
situation in Colombia, except that the
state of affairs is gradually becoming
more and more critical. The revolution
ists are about twenty-live miles from Pan
ama. There Is great uneasiness In Pan
ama.
Teshara Sentenced.
Special IMspsUeh to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 3.— At 10 o'clock
this morning Joseph Teshara. convicted as
one of the murderers of G. D. Loucks, ap
peared before Judge L,ucas F. Smith to re
ceive his sentence. Attorney Carl E. Lind
say moved for a new trial, which ¦was de
nied. He then called attention to the fact
that the jury recommended the young
man to the extreme mercy of the court
and pleaded for leniency on this ground
The extreme mercy of the court was a
sentence of ninety years In San Quentln
which the young man* received without
any visible emotion. The sentence Is the
heaviest that has ever been pronounced
In this county. The case will be appealed
to the Supreme Court.
Will Use Oil for Fuel.
LOS ANGELES, July 3.— The Santa Fe
Railroad has made arrangements to put
all of its engines on tKe line between
Point. Richmond and the Needles on an
oil-burning system. Three Immense
tanks each to hold 250.000 gallons of oil,
will bo built at Harsu>w. Mojave and
Point Richmond. This will Increase the
consumption of oil by the Santa Fe from
30.000 to 60.000 Kallons per month. T^2
Santa F e also announces that it has made
a traffic arrangement with the Southern
Pacific over the new branch from Bakers
field into the Kern River oil Held.
Holders on Strike.
REDDING. July 3.- Twelve molders em
ployed by the Mountain Copper Company
at Keswlck struck yesterday. They want
their wages raised from $3 50 to $4 per
day. The company refused and will send
its work to San Francisco and Salt Lake
City In the future and hire no more mold!
NATURALIZED AMERICAN
% IS MURDERED AT FEZ
Consul General Instructed to Demand
Immediate Reparation by Gov
ernment of Morocco.
Special I>l?ratch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July 3.— Consul General
Oummere at Tangier. Morocco, cabled the
State Department to-day announcing the
murder under most revolting circum
stances of Marcus Azao,ui. a naturalized
American citizen. The occurrence took
place at the town of Fez. Mr. Gummere
stated that Axaqul was formerly under
stood to be h native of France, and the
French Consul at Fez was suRRested as
the proper official to make an investiga
tion.
Instructions were immediately sent to
Mr. Oummere dircctlnc him to obtain all
avnilable facts and transmit them to the
department tn the end that it may pass
upon the question of due reparation. The
French Consul at Fez will assist in mak
iru? the Investigation. Should the inquiry
show that the attack on Azaqul was un
warranted, Mr. Gummere. under the In
structions sent him. will demand the im
tnediate apprehension and punishment of
these who participated in the crimp. If
rjfK-essary the Albany, now at Gibraltar,
will be sent to' Morocco to obtain satisfac
tion.
NTKINLEY'S HOME IN THE
HANDS OF DECORATORS
William Waldorf Makes a Most Un
usual Announcement in His
Paper.
LONDON. Ju'.y 3.-3Jr. William Waldorf
Astor has s<-t :•!! I/on;'<>n talking by pub
lishing In his own paper, the Pall Mall
Garotte, the following paragraph:
"\\> desire to make known that the
presence, of Captain Sir Berkeley Milne of
the Naval and Military Club. Piccadilly,
at Mr. A«tor*B concert last Thursday
evening. vi«s uninvited."!
As Captain Milno i« one of the most
diptinriiiehfd naval offlc<T« and a menjbei
«^f the best club? arA :i former commander
of th«» royal yacht Onborne, no *-nd of
pppculation has Iw^^n raust-d l<y this re
markable annDuncpnKT.i. The Astors'
concert wns Largely attended and those
o,u*5*.ion«"'d by a represpntntive of th** As
»iocirt*><1 Props did not notice Captain
Slilne. But fo far a= can be learned noth
irr occurred during the entertainment to
justify Mr. Actor's present action.
Patents and Postofflce Changes Re
ported From Washington.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Sr*x-ial IJlujjatrfa to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July 3.— The following
patents were isFiiod to-day:
California— J' hn W. Baldorf. Hr.l!i»<t«>r. earn?;
TnunK H. Bmdl— . Modesto, regulating <1e
vlr* for riding cart?; <»*H>rpe K. Bowers, San
Franrisoo. portable eouvooi anJ elevator; Til
lie famiitwil. Oakland, surftical or obstetrical
|ia<l; Henry t> <"sry. I»k Angelas, oppn bunFfn
r*um^T*; r*nt*1rk I^un'lon. San FranriFfo, fx»il**r
brace; Oirjpnn J. Moore and F. E. Cook,
Kwrfka. windmill pear; Hnr>ert H. I'oMel
vaite. Bas Francisco, goM-Faving apparatus;
Thrnnas B. ltoy?«-w. San Ml«ru<>!. pas entcin^;
<"*'!lin Sulmond. San Fran^lfco. sound trans
mitting and receiving <!»v1r*; "William fj. Tur
ner. French Camp, trouper!'; Alphonzo V. Wil
our. Stockton, plow.
Oregon — Churl*-* Rateman. Galei- Crefk. throat
fram- for mail l,agf, William Maglll. Kufar.
Washington— <""harl»»E F. Grirr.m an<1 R. Ful
!<>rtni!. Oakeslale, cultivator; Kamuel P. Mac
kpy. RMffi-fipid. liquid weighing machine: J»ns
C. Martin. S:«ik»nc hose rnujiline: Frank A.
Ynunrl^ru. <inrf.r\<l. we^dine turning atlach-
Postofflo- discontinued. July 14— Ken
worthy. Riverside County, mail to Valle
Vista. Post master commissioned — Mary
A. S. Simmons. Concow, <"al.
The Comptroller of the Currency has ap
proved the First National Hank of Los
Angeles .is reserve agent for the First
National Ii»nk of l/inc Beach. Cat; also
the Hanover Xatlonal Bank of New York
for the Montr-sano National Bank of Mon
te?ano. Wash.
Sailing Day Canceled.
LIVERPOOL. July 3.— The White Star
Fteamshlp Teutonic has canceled the sail-
Ing schedule fur July from here to New
York, a flaw Ix-iner found In hr-r frame.
Find Her Looking Very Well and Are
Most Courteously Re
ceived.
LONT.ON. July L— The American civil
engineers wrert shown over Windsor Cas
tle this afternoon. Aft«-r tea the Queen
drove in the grounds and at her special
r<-qui»st the American visitors were pr«'
s>nted to her at !i*>r carriage l;y Sir Doug
las Fox. the president of the British or
ganization. President Wallace of the
American Civil Knginef rs. and Mrs. Wal
lace, and President Morgan <>f th«- Ameri
can Mechanical Kngineers and Mrs. Mor
gan were presented t<> the Queen. M«r
Majesty said phe boned her visitors were
hnvtnsr a pleasant time ami saiil she was
ck-litrhie<l to have the American
'"look over my castle." Aftt*r a frw such
r- marks and hoping the visitors would
have a. profitable stay the yuoen was
driven away.
Mr. Wallace naid to a representative <if
the Associated l'rcss:
"I never was mor'* courteously treated.
I am surprip.-il to tind the <^uppii looking
so -well and eo young. From her kind,
bright, clear eyes '<ne would never have
thought she had attained the age she
has."
Ti^e American delegates will l>e pr^sont
cd to the Lord Mayor. A. J. Neirton, at
the Guild Hall Thursday.
ATTENDED AN ASTOR
FUNCTION UNINVITED
AMERICAN ENGINEERS
PRESENTED TO THE QUEEN
SANTA ROSA. July 3.— A good day and
pood track marked the second day of the
annual race meet now being held In this
city under the auspices of the Breeders'
Association. The spectators got more
than ono run for their money and some
poo<l time was made. The first two events
were special matches for $100 a side, mile
heats, best two in three. The first was
between the Nutwood Stock Farm's chest-
In the Special for Santa Rosa Horses,
After Four Heats Without a
Decision, It Is Post
poned.
Wilkes Direct Beats Queen
C and Gets New Mark
in Special Race.
BREEDERS HAVE
GOOD CARD OH
THE SECOND DAY
carriage and drive about the city. The
equipage of state Is royal purple, trimmed
with gold, drawn by six white horses. Her
maids of honor will occupy other car
riages. Preceding the royal party will be
eight "guards- of honor mounted on black
steeds, with ' royal purple Baddies and
trappings. These guards will wear silk
hats, black cutaway coats, white trousers
and patent leather leggings.
The great parade will be a feature of
the celebration. P. P. Austin is grand
marshal. It will consist of six divi
sions. All the civic societies In town will
be In line.
A balloon ascension and high wire walk-
Ing will fill In the time between the parade
and the literary exercises in the evening.
The Elks are keeping open house In the
Hotel St. James and visiting Elks are at
oncei taken In charge and cared for.
QUEEN CHOSEN FOR
THE FETE AT FORT BRAGG
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
FORT BRAGG. July 3.-A four-day cele
bration will be held in this city beginning
to-morrow, when "Queen Marpurette"
will be crowned with elaborate ceremo
nies. Miss Marpurette Cummings. a hand
some and popular younp lady, has been
chosen to act as queen. She will ride In
a handsome white and pold chariot and be
accompanied by-eight court ladles In deco
rated carriages and courtiers on horse
back. The celebrations at this place are
looked forward to eagerly by residents of
the. surrounding country, and It. is ex
pected that thousands of people will visit
the city while the fete is in progress.
PARADED CONCERT' AND
SPORTS AT WATSONVILLE
Special Dispatch to The Call
WATSONVILLE. July 3.— A pood pro
gramme for the Fourth *of July has, as
usual, been arranged here. The day will
be ushered in with a salute of thirteen
Runs at sunrise. The next feature of the
day will be the street parade. In which all
the local civic societies and the fire de
partment will be represented. Afiss Hazel
Waters as the Goddess of Liberty will di
vide honors with Mrs. II. A. Peterson as
California.
The afternoon will he devoted to literary
exercises and a series of Barnes and races.
In the evening a concert will be given by
the Wntsonville band, to be followed by
fireworks and a ball.
18 yards; J. Doyle, 25 yards; W. R. Garclas,
scratch.
352-yard race— M. L. Esplnosa. 10 yards;
Raymond Kennedy, 12 yards; F. W. Burppss,
scratch: Georne W. Braun. 12 yanls: M. Mc-
Cabe, 10 yards: K. W. Scott. 10 yards: Harold
Manor, 8 yards; P. C. G«bhardt, scratch; Frank
Ferenl, 12 yards; Lewis- Huhler, 10 yards; W.
R. fJarclas, scratch.
Running broad jump — F. W. Hurjress, scratch:
D. Finn. 9 inches; K. \V. Scott, scratch: Harold
Manor, 9 inches; Liewls Fchepler, scratch; E.
Pchepler. 6 Inches; Charles Black, 3 inches;
Lewis Ruhlert. 9 Inches.
Pole vault— D. Finn, scratch: Lrf>wfs Srhep
ler. 6 Inches; K. Schopler. 6 Inches; Charles
Black, 6 Inches.
Elks Gather in Numbers at San Jose and Old Glory Will Be
Thrown to the Breeze Alike at Cross Roads and
Metropolitan Centers.
?HAN<;HAI. Monday. July 2.— Th. I'nit
ed States battleship Oregon, which ran
aphnre off the island of Hookie, in the
Mlao Tao group, thirty-live miles north
east of fhefu. June 2K. has been floated
off and is expected to reach Port Arthur.
WASHINGTON. July 3.— Secretary btmg
this morning received the following cable*
gram from IJeutennnt A. L. Key. naval
attnche at the I'nUed Stat*-s legation at
Tokio. Japan, in regard to the docking of
the Oregon:
TTikio, July 2.— Secretary of the Navy.
¦WafhinrK^n. I). <". : It th<» Oregon cannot d^vk
it .\--c;:>f«. th*> Japanese Navy Department
tenders the use nf eltlipr Kure or Yokosuka
dorks an1 offer* any tmlstanee desired. lie
2:ai> rr<i<>re<5 the Akiti«ush!ma from <'he?u to
the Orecr.n. Hair <al>led Wii.le the ofTor of
cork*. KKY.
Th«» r.aval official? are disappointed at
the statement that the Oregon cannot be
docked at Port Arthur, as that place is
only about sixty miles from where she
struck.
Nagasaki is <¦/*) miks distant, but can
be reached by the Oregon wtthout Ventur
ing far outside of ili^ smooth waters of
Pechili Bay. The Japanese vessel Akiti
susliima. which Lieutenant Key reported
as poing to the help of the Oregon; is the
tamous cruiser which covered herstlf
with renown at the battle of Yalu.
Effort Will Be Made to Put
Her on the Dock at
Nagasaki.
»
If This Proves Impracticable, the
Japanese Government Offers the
Use of Docks at Kure and
Yokosuka.
BATTLESHIP
OREGON FLOATS
OFF THE ROCKS
SEATTLE. Wash., July 3.— Four more
of Seattle's Cape Nome fleet arrived to
day, the Tacoma, Oregon, Senator and
San Pedro, with a combined passenger list
of fifty-six, very few of whom come from
Nome. The Oregon broke the record,
making the trip in eight days and eleven
hours.
The Charles Nelson, reported in quaran
tine on account of smallpo*. is ,all right,
and on June 24 was discharging 'her pas
sengers and freight at Nome. The bark
Theobald arrived at Nome on June 24. and
when the Oregon left on that date fully
forty steam and sailing craft were In, the
harbor.
The steamer South Portland had a hole
stove through her bow a foot above water
line by the ire. but will be able to return
after temporary»repairs have been made.
The Nome beuch. the vessels report, for
three miles above and below the town Is
alive with miners digging for gold, while
tons upon tons of miners' supplies, ma
chinery and general merchandise lies
strewn about, unprotected from sun or
rain, although there has been none of the
latter. A v inrg<? number of guards are em
ployed protecting the merchandise.
The Taeoma's officers report the murder
on June 20 of Frank Luthener. a painter.
of Los Angeles, by Bruce Kinwright of
Portland, Or. The tragedy occurred in the
Grotto saloon. The trouble began In the
Reception saloon with Kinwright firing a
shot at C. Fitzgerald because the latter
hud refused to loan him money. Kin
wright, followed by officers, ran into the
Grotto, in which Liithener and others
were standing-. Luthener on seeing Kin
wright drew his revolver and made a
move as if to run. when Kinwright fired.
The bullet entered Luthener's right side,
resulting fatally. Kinwright fled but was
captured.
Officers of the Tacoma Bring- Nevrs of
the Murder of Frank Liithener
of I*>s Angeles by a Port
. land Man.
Ton& of Supplies Are Lying
About Unprotected From
the Elements.
NOME BEACH
IS NOW ALIVE
WITH MINERS
HOW CITIZENS OF COAST TOWNS
WILL HONOR THE NATAL DAY
BUTTE. Mont., July 3.— Two persons
were killed and twenty-one injured in th<;
Montana Central Railway wreck at Track
siding. The dead are:
JOHN* L. KELLY. 8 years of age. Salt
Lake City. _
JOHN* LUCESKEI. middle aged. Great
Falls. Mont. .
• The Injured: W. II. Lucas. Anaconda,
contusion on head and hip. bady wrench
ed; George Smith. Minneapolis, badly cut
on head and back injured: Mrs. Llllie
Demlnff. Great Falls, Mont.. Injured back;
Mollle Drew. Butte. left hand lacerated:
Rev. G. C. Rector. Bozeman, Mont,
bruised about shoulder and leg; Howard
Reeves, mail clerk. Butte. cut on head
and back bruised; Frank D. Smith. Great
Falls. Mont., head and back hurt: Wil
liam Duffy. Butte. slightly injured; Mrs.
Elmer Woodman. Helena, slightly in
jured; Charles Phillips. Chicago, head lac
erated: Mrs. I. M. Farrell. Butte. sliRhtly
hurt: M. Roth. Helena, hip Injured and
generally bruised; a porter. Butte. hand,
leg and head cut; Robert Ehton. Butte.
head and chest hurt seriously: C. M. At
kins, Butt", injured stisrhtly; T. M. Klem-
Bchmit. Helena, leg injured: Mrs. George
Geddes. Butte, badly injured on back; J.
E. McCormick. Butte. badly hurt in back,
ribs broken; D. Dewey Jr., Boston, ankle
and knee hurt; \V. E. McCormack. Spo
kane, leg bruised; H. R. Hoffman. Buff
alo, lacerated hand; Mrs. Porter. Butte.
head and side hurt; H. McCarthy, news
agent. St. Paul, back hurt: S. W. Scott.
Chicago, head cut: M. Cosprrove. Butte.
arm and ribs broken; Tom Smith. Salt
Lake City, back hurt: Mrs. S. J. Kel y.
Salt Lake City, back hurt: S. J. Kelly.
Salt Lake City", cut head and ribs broken;
Mrs. Luceskei. Great Falls. Mont., badly
hurt: I^aura Luceskei. Great Falls. Mont.,
leg broken; the husband. John Luceskei,
was killed; William Stack, aged 7. Butte.
head cut: Mrs. Jr»hn Cameron, arm
broken: A. I*. Zelck, conductor, shoulder
and hip dislocated.
Th*» train left Butte at 8:50 o'clock last
night and was on Its way to Helena. It
had made the climb up the Continental
Divide in safety and was rushing along
at top speed on comparatively level
ground, when the ralla spread, ditching
the baggage car. smoker, day coach and
sleeper.
The engine and one baggage car re
mained on the tracks. The cars were
thrown over on their sides and the pas
sengers who were not injured, or only
slightly so. climbed out through the win
dows. Lights were extinguished and from
different portions of the wrrrk came calls
for help and groans and cries of the in
jured.
Conductor Zeick. who was seriously In
jured, made his way back to Woodville.
five miles distant, and telegraphed to
Butte for help. A special train with doc
tors and nurses was dispatched frnm this
city and brought in the Injured, who were
taken to the different hospitals.
Two Persons Are Killed and Twenty^
One Receive Injuries of More
or Less Ssvere
Nature.
Rails Spread and Four Cars
Ditched While Running
at a High Speed.
DETAILS OF THE
GREAT NORTHERN
TRAIN WRECK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1900.
4
COURSING THAT
WILL BRING OUT
FASTEST HOUNDS
Richest Stake Race Ever
Run in America Will
Take Place Here.
Date of the John Graca Challenge
Cup Stake Has Been Changed
From February to the
Fall.
SAN JOSE, July 3.— Thousands turned
out to-night and thronged the
streets and St. James Park to aid
the Elks in the Inaugural of festivi
ties of their Fourth of July celebra
tion. On both sides of all the business
streets are strung Japanese lanterns and
these strings t»f vari-eolored lights lend
a dazzling aspect to the whole city. From
business houses flash vari-colored rays
from electric lights, and this brightness,
mingled with red, white and blue decora
tion? of bunting and flags, forms a scene
of splendor and magnificence such as San
Jose has never seen. .
Ft. James Park is the center of festivi
ties. There Is a band concert and dancing.
Thousands of lanterns light up the
grounds and the place is thick with peo
ple. Here the midway plalsance is in full
swing and tented shows and amusements
are on all sides. A congress of beauties.
Madame Pencil's lion show. Bopco, the
snake r>ator, and everything to amuse old
;in<l young aro to he had. That the Elk?
never do things by halves Is evidenced to
night. On all sides praise and admiration
of the local Elks for their work In plan
ning the celebration is heard.
To-morrow's celonratlon will bo the
greatest San Jose has ever enjoyed. The
coronation of Queen Harrietta. .will open
the festivities In the morning A bis; pa
rade follows. Literary exercises will be
held in the afternoon, and in the evening
the parade of horribles will be followed by
a fine display of fireworks.
Many Klks arrived this evening, but the
bis delegations will come to-morrow
mornlnp. Vallejo Ixxige is here in a body
and from San Francisco and Oakland '.As
crowds are coming. The Junior Order of
United American Mechanics is coming
from San Francisco in force and will na
rade with the local council of that order.
They will have a couple o'f fine tioats in
line. One will be. "Columbia, the Gem of
the Ocean." On it will be a Goddess of
Liberty and the California Ladies' Hras=
Band. ' The other will contain forty-five
young ladies representing the various
States of the Union.
At 10 o'clock in the morning the coro
nation of the Queen takes place, and from
that time on Queen Harrietta will reign
over the festivities. Miss Sage's royal
costume consists of white satin, with a
panel of golden embroidery down the
front and a robe of royal purple trimmed
with ermine. She will wear a jewelea
girdle. Her crown is a gorgeous Jeweled
affair.
After her coronation she will enter her
STREET SCKNK IN SAN JOSE AND PRINCIPALS IN FOURTH OF
JULY CELEBRATIONS IN COAST CITIES.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
FOR THE
S53SCOVERY
BLOOOUVER.LUMGS;
CAPE NOMEr
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES. '
KEW WESTERN HOTEL.
OVU GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
KR0GH iSaSKpSs:
QWING TO THE FAVORABLE CRjTTCTSXI
and many Inquiries received by us from
the Medical Profession and others interested
r«*ardln* onr statement that the so-called
Weakness of Men Is not a Weakness, but symp-
toms of Inflammation of the Proetate Gland
(neck of bladder), caused by contracted dis-
orders and early dissipation, and tliat loss of
Vitality, Prematureness. etc., are Invariably
cured by procedures directed toward correcting
this Inflammation, we wish to state to these
many Inquiries. In th*? columns of the press,
that It takes approximately ten weeks to cure
these disorders of the male. The treatment Is
entirely a local one. as no dniKKinK the stom-
ach 1* necessary, and that the patient may
treat hlmneir at horn*, nnder our directions Wa
will cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to
any reliable Physician on request. The er>i-
cred chart of the oruans. which we «end free
on application to any on* Interested In the sub-
ject, will be found a irreat advantage in •"Home
Diagnosis." as well as a study for all interest-
ed In their anatomy. Very Respectfully.
DR. TAIX-OTT & CO..
'—¦ : : " * *>? Market street.
ANNOUNCEMENT!
MEDICAL
______ ¦
© . 0
• .- Dr. Mclaughlin's Belt is the wonder of the age. Cures after Drups and ©
% atner Belts have failed. Men and women shout Its praise. 0
• : 5 My Electric Belt cured Miss Lena) W. H. GIdlow of the Patent Depart- Q
• Brunner of I'kiah, pave her a better, 111 * 111 ' s - p - R - **•¦ Sacramento, suffered a
• appetite and made her wel. and S trong.|^ 5^ y Vf t o - ur R e h /7 ra « 11 ™- *n ten g
• DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S tLcCTRIC BbLT 8
Ib the b«»Ft and easiest curing body appliance in the world. Its Blowing a
energy pours through every organ of the body and yet does not burn If you if
g have Rheumatism, Lame Back, Debility. Stomach or Liver trouble: if vou '•
J» are a woman with a woman's ailments, my new Improved Belt will cure you •
• Head my beautifully illustrated Book. This shows how I cure. Mailed free 9
9 -\\ rite for U or caJl and see me and get my book. . 9 >
S Tin ]*T A MftT n,,/v.l%li*« 702 Market St., car. Keirny. S. T.\ •
• JJr. Ill, A. lUCLEUfifillin, f« dl8k B1 « k «». Spring wi Beconl %
O O » Eti., Lei Angtlea. q
F*yR/r,]L,.j t*/7^t K r?T3«Three Deaths Due to Fire.
LONDON, July 3.— The German ship
Helene, Captain Kohlsaat, from New
York, while discharging naphtha at
Themshaven to-day caught fire In her
main hold. Three of those on board are
dead as a result of the tire, and three are
badly burned.
Charles Beckman.
NFAV TORK. July 3.— The death Is an
nounced at Stony Ford. X. Y., of Charles
Beckman. the famous horse breeder, aged
teventy-slx years.
Ccstello Sentenced.
VENTURA, July 3.— George "W. White,
aged 53 years, a veteran of the Civil War,
and an old time resident of this city, shot
himself in the right temple this morning
at 10:30 o'clock. Death was Instantaneous.
His suicide was caused by despondency
owing- to financial troubles over which he
has been brooding f6r some time. There
is a mortgage on his home, and he has
secured little work of late. He also
dropped money in the Randsburg mines.
His daughter. Mrs. Herbert S. Slye, is re
siding at Hanford.
Suicide of a Veteran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
And the band has not been idle. The
musically gifted inmates of the institution
have been rehearsing for several weeks
and promise a rare programme. Many
vocal and Instrumental numbers will be
rendered, and the ever popular cakewalk
Among other things a great clam chow
der has been prepared. There Is enough
of it for everybody, and the old joke about
finding: a clam in the chowder. will be laid
on the shelf. Some days ago the pang
working on the Tiburon boulevard dug fif
teen barrels of clams, and the cooks In
the Marin County Bastile have made good
use of the bivalves. A chowder is prom
ised which will make the menu for the
day one to be marked forever after with
a large white stone.
SAN QUENTINJ July 3.-The unfortu
nates confined in the local prison do not
intend to let the nation's holiday pass un
noticed, even though they may not ex
plode noisy crackers and send flaming
rockets into the heavens. Their celebra
tion will be a quiet one; but they have
worked together with a will, and each will
for one day at least try to make the other
forget that he is under the ban of the law
and restrained from mingling with the
myriads of merrymakers.
will be one of the features of the day
A unique and artistic menu card" has
been got up and copies of it are in great
demand. If nothing else, it shows that the
wards of the State possess genius and
artistic ability.
Stockton and San Francisco.
At Recreation Park, Eighth and Har
rison streets, the Slough City men will
meet the San Franciscos and there may be
a fireworks demonstration resulting from
the conflict of bats. Stockton is second
In the league and the local team fourth,
but whenever the two fight their baseball
battles there is a warm time on the dia
mond. The line-up will be as follows:
Stockton. Positions. San Francisco.
Pace Catcher Sulllvnn
¦VVhalen Tltcher Iburg
Ptreib Fir*t bane Pabst
Babbitt Second base Schwurtz
Moore Thlr.l base Rellly
Lockhcad Shortstop Reltz
Courtney Left field Krug
McCarthy Center field Brockhoft
Morrow Kipht field Hlldebrand
f.rod boy. but Kelly's seconds threw up
the sponge.
Ben Hart knocked out Kid Johnson In
a slugging match, in the fourth round.
San Franciscan Had the Better of the
Mill but Grew Overanxious
and the Negro Landed.
STOCKTON. July 3.— Rufe Turner, the
colored lightweight of this city, to-night
knocked out "Spider" Kelly in the four
teenth round of what was to have been
a twenty-round go before the San Joa
quin Club. Kelly had the better of the
fight all of the time and came near end
ing it in the thirteenth round, but both
men had been Henting fast and he was
too tired to land a knockout blow. He
became over-anxious and Turner placed
a right on his jaw and put him down. He
stagpored to his feet and made a game
attempt to stall off the rush of the col-
PUFE TURNER WINS ,
FROM SPIDER KELLY
"Answered." Miss Bullard: recitation, "The
Revolutionary Rislnjt' (ReeJ). Miss Tannahill:
vocal solo. "Where the Eee Sucka"* (Sir Henry
Bishop). Mrs. A. M. Grant: eultar duet (se
lected). Mrs, J. Sadler and Mrs. Stacey: vocal
duet, "iluslc and Her Sister Sons" (Gloven,
Mr?. J. NcAis and Mis* Root: recitation. "Ad
dress at G™tysburB" (Lincoln). Miss Florence
Howell; -Mano duet. "Diehter tind Bauer" tVon
Suppe). Mrs. A. M. Grant and Miss Homer;
vocal solo (selected). Miss Newcomb: "fieveai
ing the Mystery." Miss Briseoe; hymn No. 216.
congregation; song. "America." congregation.
Hymn No. 100. "Onward. Christian SoMier,"
congregation; invocation: recitation: "Address
to the Flag" (Drake). Mrs. L. D, Adam; sons.
"Star-Spangled Banner." congregation: piano
solo (selected). Florence Howell; vocal soio.
An Entertaining Programme at j
the First Free Baptist
Church.
The Young People's Society of Chris
tian Endeavor of the First Free Baptist
Church on Bush street, near Larkln, cele
brated the nation's birthdav last even
ing with patriotic songs and recitations.
The exercises were well attended and a
truly Fourth of July enthusiasm prevail
ed. The' following programme was ren- j
dered: ;
PATRIOTIC ENDEAVORERS
CELEBRATE THE FOURTH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GILROY, July 3.-The Fourth of July
will be celebrated in Gilroy by a grand
street parade in the morning, in which
the Fire Department and all the lodges of
the town will participate. W. C. Bennett
will act as grand marshal, and he has se
lected twelve representative young men
ar. aids. The Goddess of Liberty Is Miss
Kthel Head, one of the most beautiful
young ladies in the valley. In addition
to the float carrying the Goddesa of Lib
erty are the car of States, the Junior Or
chestra and the Native Daughters' floats.
The pafade will be followed by literary
exercise? at Music Hall. Richard Ryan
is president of the day: Edward Rice ot
Stanford University, orator: Miss Mar
cella Fitzgerald, poetess; Miss Gertrude
Meads, reader of the poem; Harry
Schemel. reader of the Declaration of In
dependence; Matthew M. Currie of San
Francisco, soloist: Miss Josie Harley. su
perintendent of singing. The Gilroy Band
and the Junior Orchestra will contribute
national airs.
The afternoon, exercises will consist of
obstacle, bicycle and other amusing races.
The day's ctlebratlon will close with a
grand ball in the evening, given by the
Independent Order of Foresters.
PROGRAMME OF THE
DAY AT GILROY
Slaughter of Sauirrels
VISALIA. July 3.— Including 1 squirrel
tails brought in to-day it is estimated
about 1. 900/00 squirrels had been killed
in Tulare County since the bounty law
went into effect.
NEW YORK. July JL— At the Seaside
Athlftie Club, Coney Island, this evening:.
I>avle Sullivan of Ireland was disqualified
in the sixteenth round of his bout with
Kid Broad of Cleveland for hitting low.
Broad had the better of it up to the time
the foul was committed.
Sullivan Loses On a Foul.
tello. who was convicted of manslaugh
ter for the killing of Pelon Johnson dur
ing a drunken spree, was to-day sen
tenced by Judge Smith to ten years In
j San Quentin prison.
SANTA PwOSA, July 3.— This afternoon
Deputy United States Marshal Bergen
took "Walter Walters to San Francisco.
The man is accused of making counterfeit
nickels. He was arrested by Officer Boyes
upon complaint of business men. A large
number of bogus nickels were dicovered
by the officer. At the man's room evi
dence was discovered tending' to show that
Walters had manufactured nickels. Some
lead, white metal, a small ladle, a coal
oil s'ovp, a can of dental plaster, a pair
of nippers, a small vise and other tools
were found in the room.
Accused of Counterfeiting.
Convicts at San Quentin Prepare
Delectable Repast and a Promising^
Musical Programme.
as they cross the finish l:ne. The golfers
will go to Burlingame, where the lady
champions of the State will chase the hills
over to see who Is champion of cham
pions. And tho men will bring their
shooting irons and kill a few pigeons for
the honor and glory of the Republic and
a good score at thirty yards.
And for the picnickers, the rolling hills
and green fields of half a dozen counties
beckon the lovers of nature to taste of
the free air where it Is freest. The Thistle
Club will go to Shell Mound Park, wherf
games and dancing, bngpipes and haggis
perhaps and a dozen other things to lure
the Scot will be provided. The Hibernians
will so to Schuetzen Park with their
sweethearts and their wives nnd hampers
full of lunch. The Young Men's Institute
will «?ek Sunset Park, and Hesperian
Parlor of the Native Sons will take a run
to Camp Taylor. And a hundred other
little picnics, with Just "some friends ana
the children." will swell tho wave of peo
ple that will roll out of town. To accom
! modate them all extra preparations have
been made by the railroad companies.
In the evening there will be fireworks
in • Recreation Park, and more at the
I Chutes, and that will clo?e the day.
The Fire Department will do double
j shifts of duty and the chief hepes for the
| best, but there is always some sacritice
; for all the noise and some one's house
is sure to go. The police department will
I parade and look for pickpockets, and take
i care of the verdant s'ranger who wishes
to buck against the iiger while doing
honor to the flag.
1 On the whole, the prospects are for a
THE GLORIOUS FOURTH
INSIDE PRISON GATES
l:47H.
One mile, selling— Peter Duryea won. Kaftan
CINCINNATI. July 3.— The bookies had
another day of it at Newport, as only
one favorite won. To-morrow will be the
closing day of the local racing season.
Weather hot, track fast. Results:
One mile, selling — Villa V won. Antrelesia
second, Lillian Reed third. Time, 1:42H.
Four and a half furlongs— Velma Clark won.
Grade R second, Genneroz third. Time. :534.
Six furlongs, selling — Pellmell II won. L»ivlea,
second. George H. Ketcham third. Time. 1:13%.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling — Ennomla
won, Fannie Taylor second. Care third. Time,
ST. LOUIS. July 3.— The talent got an
even break at the Fair Grounds to-day,
three favorites and a second , choice be
ing returned winners. Results: .
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Sam Laza
rus won. Tom Carwell second. Cotton Plant
third. Time. 1:23.
One and an eighth miles, selling — Crossmollna
won. Brldgeton second, W. B. Gates third.
Time, 1:57.
Four and a half furlongs, maiden two-year
old miles — Minnie Cobb won. Darlene second.
The Thrush third. Time. :58.
Six furlongs, selling— Dollie WiethofT won.
Verify second. Graves third. Time, 1:16.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Early Bird
won. Bertha Nell second. Lady Curzon third.
Time. 1:23.
Five furlonRs. maiden two-year-olds, colts
and KeldinRS— Premus wen. Wall second, Rob
ert Jr. third. Time, 1:C4.
NEW YORK. July 3.— This was the last
but one of the racing days at Sheeps
head Bay. The chief event was the Long
Island at a mile and an eighth, in which
Imp was down to give a lot of weight
to all but Rush, which was on practically
even terms. Charentus won by a half
length from Imp. which was a half length
in front of Greyfeld. Results:
Six lurlongs — Klfashandra won. Richard J
recond. Commander Miller third. Time, 1:14^2-
Selling, one mile — Kamara won. Peaceful sec
ond, Leedsville third. Time. 1M0 3-6.
Six furlotigB^-Rolling Boer won, Guiding Star
second. Dr. Barlow third. Time, 1:14.
The Lonff Island handicap, mile and an
eighth— Charentus won, Imp second, Greyfeld
third. Time. 1:54.
Selling, five furlongs— Flora won, Annie
Thompson second. Queen Pepper third. Time,
1:01 3-5.
Mile and a half, on the turf— Jack Point won.
MacLeod of Dare second. Decanter third. Time,
2:34 1-5.
Kesults;
Six furlongs, selling— Hermoso won, Josephine
13 record, Olekma third. Time, 1:17.
Two-year-old maidens, five furlongs—Danger
line won. Leo Newell second, Elmer L third.
Time. 1:1)5-%.
The Kenwood stakes, for two-year-olds, $1500
added, five furlongs — Alard Scheck won. Garry
Herrmann second. Craven third. Time, 1:04.
Handicap, mile and an eighth, $10<t>— Sidney
Lucas won, Barrack second, Bannockburn
third. Time, 1:58.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Moroni won.
Espionage second, Lomond third. Time, 1:5 Ux.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Onmar won.
Great Bend second. Kussell K thiru. Time,
1:51.
Runs Over. Schrieber's Handicap
Horse in the Stretch and Wins
Easily by Several
Lengths.
CHICAGO. July 3.— Sidney Lucas to-day
annexed an overnight handicap, and, in
doing so, gave weight to and defeated
Bannockburn, which is supposed to be
the best handicapper in the West at pres
ent. Lucas won easily by three or four
lengths. Bannockburn tried hard, but
failed to beat out Barrack for the place.
VETERAN FIREMEN
WELCOMED IN VISALIA
fitting birthday for old Uncle Sam. There
is patriotism and to spare, and when the
morning sun deepens the blush of Old
Glory's bars expansion. 16 to 1. tariff and
a hundred other things will be laid aside
until the evening breeze?, foiling, will let
the old flag droop to the staff, tired with
all the riotous enthusiasm in its honor.
SIDNEY LUCAS
WORKING INTO
PUBLIC FAVOR
Special Disratch to The Call.
VISALIA. July 3.— One hundred and
sixty veteran firemen from San Francisco
arrived at Visalia at 8 o'clock to-night.
Bannockburn's Scalp Taken
by the Despised Derby
Winner.
LIVELY DAY
IS PROMISED
AT STOCKTON
Two thousand people and more met them
at the Southern Pacific depot. There was
a grand ovation. At every street corner
in the main part of tht city were blazing
fires of colored lights. A procession six
blocks long marched through the streets
to the Palace Hotel. The address of wel
come was delivered by D. G. McFadyn.
To-morrow's v.-ill be the greatest celebra
tion ever held in Tulare County.
Half a mile, two-vpar-'ids — Miss Krlnrjle
won. La.1y Edith second. Daisy Chain third.
Time. 1:00.
Six and a half furlongs, selling—Fulrr.ina
tor won. Alfred Hargreave second, Rochester
third. Time. 1:22.
One mil?, sellinjr— Karl Fonso won. Maritaril
II second. Zaz'.n third. Time. 1:42V*.
Five furlcnrs. two-year-oM«— Frank Morrison
won. Compass second. Gray Dally third. Time.
1:0214.
Six furlongs, selling— Sister Alice won. Loo
ram second. Glad Hand third. Time, 1:13.
Six furlongs— Midnight Chimes won. The Tory
second, Robert Gray third. Time. \:\l\.
BUFFALO. N. Y.. July 3.— Only two
public choices won at Fort Erie to-day.
They were Miss Kringle and Midnight
Chimes. Results:
Six furlongs— Eleven Bells won. M. Murphy
c?cond, Victuria third. Time. 1:16.
second. 7. mne third. Time. 1:42.
Six furlong?, selling— Flop won. Saekhen sec
ond. Alec third. Time. 1:M&
STOCKTOX. July 3.— The street fair
continues to hold the undivided attention
of the people and to attract increasing
numbers of visitors. The general pro
gramme to-day was light, but all is an
ticipation for the crowning events of to
morrow. The psn»u> will surpass any
ever seen on the coast outside of San
Francisco.
The H. J. Corcoran went to Mare Island
to-day to brin? up 300 marines, and the
Special Dirnatch to The Call.
In the morning a liberty tree will bo
planted in Liberty Park by Major Sher
man, assisted by Mlsa Julia Weber.
daughter of the founder of Stockton.
Miss Peters, who has been a most gra
cious qne^n, will to-morrow be the God
dess of Liberty. The public «chool chil
dren will sing patriotic anthems. The
dsy will be .i lively one. tho events suc
ceeding each other in rapid succession.
morning steamers will bring the Veteran
Guard of San Francisco and the Veteran
Reserve of Oakland. A dozen other
organizations arrived on the evening
trains. The big Chinese dragon from Los
Angeles will be a feature of the Chinese
division. Most of the Sixth Regiment, N.
G. C, will be in line, together with in
numerable floats and fraternal organiza
tion?. Two of Commodore Stockton's
guns on big trucks will be mnst inter
esting features. These guns will later in
the day be turned over to the city o?
Stockton, Congressman Marion De Vriea
speaking on behalf of the Government
and S. D. Woods responding for the city.
Iilore Than Twenty Thousand Dollars
Will Be Given as Prizes for
the Winners in
Classes.
TVhea the California State Agricultural
Society opens the State Fair at Sacra
rr.er.to on September 3 the greatest of all
¦jrh celebrations will be inaugurated.
Every y.rf'paration is on foot to make it a
genuine jubilee. The chief feature of the
fair will be the racing programme, which
hap Just been completed. •
Thf- purses lor the race mc-etlng will ag
pr^ea-.c- E0.0X. There will be nine trotting
and seven pacing stakes besides four
special Bt&kea for named horses, each
stake jvur^e being fixed a't $1000.
It is the :iim of the management to ar
rar.ee a programme which will allow
horses entered in several events to start
Jn each by putting the classes in which
they are entered fax enough apart to per
mit it.
The stakes will be:
Nomination stake*, trotting— No. 1 green
elite 'fre conditions.!, jivai; So. 2 2i'4 class,
J. '¦"¦'. So. 2. 2:21 ela.r>. »luO0; No. 4. 2:15 class*,
11000; No. i>. i':17 class. V.«i> : No. 6, 2:15 class,
;:••" . No. 7. ;':12 clas*, %VM; So. k, 2:10 class,
11000: No. 9. free-for-all.' tlOOO. Nomination
nukes, jjacing— No. 13. ereea class isee condi
•.lucs), ROC*: No. 11. 2:J» cias;*, jiC^-j- No 12
2:15 claee. JlOuO; No. 13, 2:i3 clasf. ROM; 'No.
:«, 2:11 class, HOO0; No. 15, 2:io class. I100&:
No. :e. free-for-all, 51000.
The nominations to above stake* will
close Monday. July 23. ISOQ, horses to be
named and eligible at 12 m. Saturday
August IS. law. except in the green
daises, for which special condition* will
apply.
in addition to the above nomination
Ftakrs the society offers the following
Bpeda] f takes for named horses: 2:3j class
ir.;-.:ng. $1003; 2:26 class trotting, $iom
i':25 class pacing. $1000; l':21 class paring.
S10O0.
Kntries to these special Ftako-s will c!o.<=e
Mi.h.iay, July £3, 1S0O. when horses must
be named which were eligible on July l,
15*00.
All entries will close with the secrctarv,
ivter J. Shields, Sacramento. Cal.. Mon
day, Juiv 'JZ. 1&00. The entrance fee is Si),
of which $23 cash must accompany the
*:.:ry. the remaining £10 to be paid the
<t..y !«?f<>re the race.
These are the runnir.j? stakes and they
are suro to draw all followers of the
No. 1 — The Vinrtor rt*Jce. for three-ye.ar-o!<J&
and upward. Hntraaoe J10 to accompany nom-
Sn.iUcti J2u additional for horses fi'jt declared
by 4 p. m. day j receriirg race, with $4W adJed
Iv thf s.jrif-ty, o.' which ?T0 to second and $30
to third. One mii*. .
No. " — I>ei»r}- .«e»;.'n* ftake. for three-year
• lAa an<l u;i»arJ. Knlrance tl'J to accompany
noraftwti ir.. fl? ciditl-r.al for horses not declared
ly 4 <>. n;. ilay |.we«iing the race; ?4W added
Ly the society, of which STO to teeond and tZO
in thir'!. Winner to Ik- sold nt auction. If for
COM to »-arry rule w«»leht: If for !e?s. one
;».-a<l allowed on oach $100 to 11000. thence two
j. <un<!« for each $!<¥) to ?400. Seven furlongp.
No. 3— <~aiiital Otty rtake, a har.dicau for
thre*-jne*r-otda nr:d usnard. Entrance flO to J
cc-'mj.sr.}- r.<;TT!inailon. with J20 additional for
h"->rs-s not <leclar«^l by 4 p. m. <iay preceding
mr*: r,:th ti'jO ad.le<l by the society, of which
u to second an-J J30 to third. Weights posted
iv 15 tn. day preceding rac*. One mile and a
furlor*. , , . -
No. 4-The Favorite Ftake. a handJcar for
tnree-y^ar-t.Ms and upward. Entrance $15 to
sccc-pary nnrr.ir.atios,. with RJ a^rJItional for
riOrtfs not >Jeclar«-<1 by 4 p. m. (Jay preceding
r«cc; J»C<i aiJed by the eoc'.ety. of which J100
Programme of Events for
Purses of Increased
Values.
to record an<; J50 to third. "Weights posted by
12 m. day before the race. One mile and a quar
ter.
Xo. 5 — ?unny Slope stake, for two-year-old
fillleF. KMranee $lu to accompany nomination:
I1D additional If not declared by 4 p. m. the day
preceding the race; with J3iK) added by the so
ciety, of which $.7) to second and !25 to third.
Weights five founds below the scale., Five fur
longs.
No. 6 — The California Annual, for two-year-
Entrance JK' to accompany nomination;
i $20 additional for those not declared by 4 p. m.
, the day preceding the race; with $500 added by
. the society, of which J100 to second and JoO to
j third. Six furlonss.
Xo. 7 — Shafter Selling stake, for maiden two
year-olds at the time of closing the stake. En
trance |10 to accompany nomination; $15 addi
tional if not declared by 4 p. m. day preceding
race; with f3'J0 added by the society, of which
f^) to second and $25 to third. Horses may be
entered not to be foM and carry rule weight.
If entered to be sold for tW?\ allowed three
pounds: $700, six pounds; $4C"0, ten pounds. Six
furlones.
Xo. S — Flash stake, for all ages. Entrance
J10 to accompany nomination; f20 additional
for horses not declared by 4 p. m. the day pre
ceding the race; $400 added by the society, of
which $70 to second and {30 to third. Six fur
longs.
Xo. 9— Futurity stake, for foals of 1S9S; J19CJ
added. Six furlongs. (Closed.)
All entries to these stakes' will close with
the secretary, Peter J. Shields, Sacramento,
Cal.. "Wednesday. August 1. 1900.
The remainder of the running programme,
for which liberal purses will be offered, for
cvex-r.ight races, are to be free entrance. The
condition? will be published later, the State
Agricultural Society's rules governing them.
All entrance and declaration moneys in stakes
are to ro to the winner and there will be no
added money for less than four starters in dif
| fer?nt interests.
There are also six purses for green and
slower classes, which are for named
horses that were eligible to these classes
on July l. These will enable an owner .
i with a good green horse to go out along
j the line and still be eligible here for the
j slower classes that he may enter in.
The running- stakes have also been In-
I creased in value, viz.: Two of $500. four
of $$'*) and two of $300 each, added money
all entrance and declaration moneys to
go to the winner.
The overnight purses are all free en
trance of the value of $300 and $250 each.
Conditions will be made to suit horses
that are to race. This is the most liberal
line of purses for both runners and trot
ters that has yet been offered by the
State Agricultural Association, and as the
track is now in such excellent condition,
and admitted the fastest in the State,
good entries and fields are certain.
<. 3 AP.LY on the morning of the 3d
j! — 0 signs of the Fourth began to ap
ptar about the city. There was
(<> J the irrepressible small boy with
the r.imble squid and firecracker;
the patriotic merchant with his tri-colored
bur.tir.gr and his tack hammer: the widely
epread and screaming eagle and the old.
familiar shield, with the more familiar
jicture of some one of the country's
founders; the smell of the burning gun
powder, the unending procession of the
prospective patriots to Chinatown for
combustibles, the significant preparations
of the Fire Department, the general holi
day air and here and there a Hag flapping
Joyously in the breezes that so love to
carem it. A!! these told plainly to even
the most indifferent of citizens that an
cther year since the signing of the Decla
laticn of Independence was on the eve of
j Hssir.p away.
The fourth this year has anything for
anybody. There is a parade for the morn
ing, at which the patriotic may cheer and
Ustea to the martial music of the march
ing bands, and shiver in ecstacy as the
•hr:!'s chase each ether up and down their
backs. There will be all the military the
State and nation can afford— which is not
much, to tell the truth, fnr soldiers have
more to do than to parade in these days
of the shattered Monroe doctrine. But
there will be some of the regular soldiers,
and FEilnrs. too. and the local organiza
tions of the National Guard from land and
wn T er.
The Ftartingr of the parade will be an
rcoinced from the tower of the Claus
Frreckels building In a flag salute of
| twenty-one grur.5. Up Market, over Mont-
I gcmery to California, back to Market
i again on Koarny. then to Van Xess ave
| nue and up to Sacramento and down again
¦ the parade will make its way, and at the
corner of Van Ness and Post It will be
reviewed by General Shafter. General
Warfield and Captain Glass of the Pensa
cola.
The parade will have all the features,
the civic societies and prominent citizen?
in carriages, without which no Fourth of
July parade would, be complete, and in ad
dition it will have a section devoted to
automobiles. The feature of the auto
mobilp exhibit will be J. M. "VVilkins in his
new rig— and not because it is Wilkins or
his new riK. but because his is the privi
lege of escorting the Goddess of Libertv,
Miss Jo Helen Marie Pettit. She will ride
with Wilkins at the head of the horseless
carriages.
For the literary th«»re will be exercises
In the afternoon in Metropolitan Temple.
There will be music and remarks, an ad
dress to the fiag. a poem and the reading
of the grand old Declaration of Inde
pendence.
For the sport lovers the day will bring
a rich harvest. Sixty-four does will
enter the course at Union Park in one of
the best stakes of the year — the Fourth of
July special. The tennis men will take
their rackets to San Rafael and thus they
will light over the net for championship
honors. At Recreation Park the fans in
the bleachers and rhe twlrlers in the field
will pile up a baseball score befitting the
patriotic character of the day. At Ala
meda molo the yachts will spread their
white wings to the breeze, promised by
the weather -office and will race for a cup
or a flag or even a cheer from the crowd
10:30 A. M.— Parade starts.
1 :00 V P. M.— Yacht regatta starts at Alameda mole.
2:00 P. M.— Patriotic exercises in Metropolitan Temple.
8:00 P. M.— Fireworks in Recreation Park and at the Chutes
Ladies' golf championship at Burlingame.
Society pigeon shoot at Burlingame.
Coursing at Union Park.
Baseball at Recreation Park.
Tennis at San Rafael.
Thistle Club picnic at Shell Mound Park.
Hibernian picnic at Schuetzen Park.
Y. M. I*, picnic at Sunset Park.
Hesperian Parlor's excursion to Camp Taylor.
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1900.
5
PROGRAMME OF THE DAY.
HURRAH FOR THE 4 -TH
WILL RACE FOR
BIG STAKES AT
THE STATE FAIR
LOS AXGELES V July 3.— Manuel Cos-
DIED.
DAXGERFIELD-In this city. July 4, 1900,
Laura E. Dangerfleld, beloved- wife of C. H.
Danserfleld. and daughter of M. J. and th»
late W. F. Creitz. (Portland papers please
copy.)
New York Denial Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN* OFFICE PORTLAND OP
BIIANCH *... .SEATTLE. WASLL
Full *et of tf?a tr.. a perfect Ct ruaraa^eed
cr no i>f-T- CoM crownj. £. GcM flU'-M ' IL
Sliver ftllirrs. SOc. * * '
We are making a specialty of poM crown ami
hridsre wcric: th<? mr-at beautiful, patsies aru j
durible of a!! dental work known to th<* d-o-
fessicn. Our name alone trlU be a truaran : ea
that your work win be of tfc» best. \V,a have 1
specialist la each d»ncrtmeat. ¦ -
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TFFTH TOilch iri'.l you iiavs. tn#
1 L. 1-. * * B » corr.fort3 of good teeth uf
t>.» wretch?.! misery, suffrta/a ana tr?rrib:«
pan^s of t->othacfce and troke.i-tlo-wn constitu-
tion, caused by po'.lutfil br»ath from decar^
teeth. Antl yet many stmrrjcl* on through Ufa
and allow th»ir tmh to get in this most ds-
plorabl? ccTidltlcn without teelcins the proper
source to- have their teeth restoretl to their
natural condition.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Toronto has. according to the Assessor's
returns, 162,907 population.
WBmk0M
Specialist!* for diseases and weakness of
ir.en. Largest institute and rncst exten-
five practice. The remedies which have
made us famous are compounded In our
nwn private laboratory, free . to patients.
No charge for consultation. Home curesl
Free private book at office cr by nail.
731 Market St., S. F.
HOURS — Daily. S to 5. Evenlru*. T to
S. Sundays. 9 to 31. Elevator Entrance.
MO PLATES *V£Q.<°\In making your preparations for the Glorious
Fourth do not forget to take precautions against fire.
You may need them before the jubilation is over.
NowJh.it the bubonic scare is over it would be a
good thins if the bubonic board would vanish with it.
When Boss Croker of Tammany was asked on his
arrival home how he had fared during the racing sea
son in England he answered: ''I done good. I had
right wins." It will be seen that Tammany grammar,
like Tammany politics, is satisfied with any old thing
fo long as it gets there.
Phelan should have taken his bubonic board with
him to Kansas City and left it there as a plank in the
Democratic platform.
The report that Kaiser William is to send a fleet of
warships and, 20,000 men to China to exact indemnity
for the death of the German Minister sounds ominous.
Such a movement would start a general rush of the
powers for territory, and what is now a bad enough
pioblcm for an international council to deal with
might become a chaos worse confounded before the
year is over.
Incandescent Burners to Replace Old
Lamps — Inquiry Into Cost of
Watsr Sources. -
The Supervisors' Public Utilities Com-'
mlttee decided last niRht to recommend
that the old street lamps at present in
use be replaced by incandescent gas burn
ers as fast as possible. The recommend
ation was the result of the consideration
of the bid submitted by the San Fran
cisco Gas Company for the lighting of
public streets. The committee recom
mended that the company be awarded the
contract for gas lamps at 9 cents each
por night, electric lamps at 35 cents in
the business district and 39 3-10 cents in
the outlying sections.
President Crockett stated that his com
pany would take a contract for 44,000 in
candescent gas burners or more if re
quired. Chairman Reed said that the in
candescent burner was an experiment and
if its superiority could be established the
system would be adopted.
The committee decided to take a trip
to Lake Tahoe on Friday. July 20, to in
spect the water supply of that region.
Members of the Board of Supervisors and
Public Works will inspect the system and
will be accompanied by M. Cuvellier. pres
ident o£ the Board of Trustees of Oak
land. John C. Ing, president of the BoarJ
of Trustees of Sacramento. Mayor Clark
of Sacramento and Grove L. Johnson.
The Board of Publ:c Work* was directed
to make a chemical analysis of the five
different sources of the present water
supply of San Francisco with a view to
determining its purity. The investigation
is to be continued until after the wintei
months.
The City Engineer and Board of Public
Works were authorized to ascertain the
technical cost of the construction of the
Spring Valley Water Company's works
now actually in use. The Board of Works
was also requested to investigate the cost
of construction of other available sup
plies submitted to the board.
CHANGES PLANNED IN
LIGHTING OF STREETS
rROM the reception given to Roosevelt in Okla
homa and at every stopping-place along the rail
road through Kansas abundant evidences are
furnished of his extraordinary personal popularity in
the West. Not even in his own State could he find
a more cordial greeting or a more enthusiastic fol
lowing. He is the popular hero -of the time in all
parts of the country, and the academic mugwumps of
the universities and the rough cowboys of the plains
alike delight to do him honor.
The cause of this personal popularity lias been
stated as clearly by one of his political opponents as
by any of his friends. In commenting upon his nomi
nation for the Vice Presidency the Louisville Courier-
Journal said: "lie brings to the ticket just the things
that McKinley cannot give it. He is in every way
McKinley's complement — in age, in temperament, in
record, in influence. He will supply the magnetism
and inspire the ardor necessary to a hurrah campaign.
He will light the torches and wave the flags. But
he will do much more than that. He will
attract a large element of the independent vote, which
thinks for itself, which rebels against boss rule,
which recognizes and admires brains, courage and. in
tcgrity; There is no man in the country who has a
larger following among this class than Roosevelt,
and it is a class which is daily growing stronger and
more assertive in the affairs of government. But
Roosevelt's strength will be even greater 'among the
young men, among the full-blooded Americans of ac
tion and progi^ss, who believe in fighting when fight
ing is necessary, and who, however proudly they may
look back on their country's past, look forward to its
future even more proudly."
The fact that such a tribute is paid to his personal
worth an'd influence by an opponent in politics is it
self an evidence of Roosevelt's ability to attract the
admiration of sincere and true-hearted men of all
classes. Among the crowds that greeted him on his
way to the reunion of the Rough Riders were men and
women representing all the parties known to the va
ried politics of Kansas, and people who agree in noth
ing else agreed in cheering the brilliant young Gov
ernor of New York, who is now by common consent
recognized as the foremost representative of the
young American of our time.
A significant feature of the popular greetings given
, ROOSEVELT IN OKLAHOMA.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
TOOK A FEW BOARDERS.
Stranger— Is this Mrs. Slimdiefs board
ing-house?
Mrs. S. (sharply)— This la not a board
ing-house, sir.
"Ilem! Must have the wrong number.
Can you tell me where Mrs. Slimdiet
lives?"
"I am Mrs. Slimdlet."
Indeed! And you do not take boanl
ers?"
"Certainly not. This Is a private house,
sir— a home, not a boarding-house."
"Then I have been misinformed."
"I should say so. Beinsr lonely. I tak<»
a few gruests at $S a week. Would you
like to look at the rooms?" — New York
Weekly.
THE WAR CRITIC'S CHANCE.
"We have come." they said to the great
war critic, "to offer you the command oZ
the army."
"Why, really," he expostulated. "I have
not had the experience to exactly qualify
me for so great a responsibility. I"
"For months," they urced, "you havo
been explaining just what the various
jsrenerals oupht to do and pointing out the
errors they have made."
"Yes, yes. of course." he admitted, "but
that's different, you know."
Of course they knew, but the astonish
ing feature was that he should admit It —
Chicago Post,
SAVED IfER EXTRA WORK.
Mrs. Thumpp — Hardie — Did you ask Mrs.
Nextdoor If my piano playing disturbed
her baby?
Servant— Yes. mum: and she said tho
baby liked it. and she was much obliged
to you fer playln' so much.
Mrs. Thumpp-Hardie — Did she. really?
Servant— Yes. mum. She said it saved
her tne trouble of poundin' on a tin pan.—
New York Weekly.
IT WAS UNDER FIRE.
A friendly magazine editor was talklnc;
.In pleasant but critical mood to a con
tributor. He said: "It seems to me you
use a faulty flprure of speech when you
say a 'brave old hearthstone.' How can
a hearthstond be brave?" "Well, sir.
said the contributor, "th© one I am •writ
ing about has been under ftre for nearly
forty years without flinching."— Chicago
I Post.
SIMPLY HADN'T LEARNED YET.
Rev. Dr. Queen, observing the janitor
wabbling about uncertainly on his new
wheel in the street in front of t!\e church
called out, "George, do you ever take a
header?" "No. Doctah Queen," replied
George, with visible lndlcnation. "I neveh
take nothin* strongah T n cawfee!"— ChN
cago Tribune.
A DILEMMA.
Mrs. Gallagher— An' phwat'll 01 do at
all, Moike? This machine only goes ur>
to fifteen shtone, an* Ol'm sixteen shtona
If Oi'm an ounce.
Gallagher— Get on twolce. Bridget an"
add up th' totals.— Glasgow Evening
Times.
EQUALLY HORSELESS.
"Ha:" jeered the bystanders. "Th«
automobile has come to stay' Spo h
stay!" 'That's all right." responded the
man on the seat, calmly lighting a cigar
"But why should a machine that merelv
displaces the horse excite the ill will of
asses? —Chicago Tribune.
CALIIOENIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK. July 3.— Carlisle Morten
of Oakland la at the Xormandie. Bradley
J. Wallace of San Francisco is at the
Kifth Avenue.
OUR PEOPLE IN CHINA.
THERE are only 2335 Americans in China. This
includes missionaries and merchants. It is to
be hoped that they can be got out in safety
and will not serve as a reason for sending in four or
five times their number in soldiers to effect their
rescue.
This Chinese afrair will bring up the question of
how far a secular Government is responsible for mis
sionaries i-i a country where their presence is unwel
mine. They do not go as a representative of their
Government. The civil authorities in this country
are not very ready to interfere to protect cither side to
a religious controversy. Suppose that Mormon mis
sionarics should go to China, or elsewhere abroad,
and get treated as they are down South, where they
lire unwelcome? Wha: would the other religious de
nominations say if tlm Government should interfere?
Such an is=ue would test the question. The Mormons
hai c as much right to send missionaries as any other
denomination, and as much right to protection^ But
sll missionaries go abroad on their own responsibility.
Their errand is of necessity in opposition to the Gov
ernment to which they go. Their proselyting i«, in a
targe measure, a process of turning the people against
their own civil and political institutions. This fea
ture of the missionary situation seems but little under
stood. Still it seems that in China it is the cause of
ill the trouble. The German missionaries there ex
?operated and provoked the natives until they attacked
the missionary compound. ¦ That attack served the
Kaiser as a pretext for the seizure of Kiaochau and
the planting of the imperial eagles on Chinese soil.
]-"or years exasperation of that sort has gone on. and
no reasonable person can expect anything but that
which has happened. The foreigners are not always
wise nor respectful of the rights of the natives, nor
good judges of human nature. They appear without
invitation r.nd remain often regardless of any real
good they do. We are firm in the belief that it will
be better for the morals and peace of the world when
secular Governments have it understood as a principle
that missionaries who 'go abroad on their o.vn re
sponsibility need expect nothing from their Govern
ment. The history of Hawaii and the Philippines has
given a sordid cast to the whole missionary business.
In both arclupelagoes the mission parties have issued
, , . , . - , ¦¦¦¦¦.¦¦¦ , ,
Horn their soul-saving adventure owners 01 tne land
siid property, and the natives find themselves ex
cluded and aliens in ihcir own country. Missionaries
should let politics and property alone, and if they can
not outwardly respect the civil institutions of a coun
try they should be left to take the consequences. We
arc far from unmindful that these views will be in
tcnsely unpopular among those who have ideas about
the evangelizing of the world. But our reason for
this position is found in such results as are now vis
ible in China, and in the further fact that every coun
try that sends out missionaries needs them far more
p.t home than they are needed abroad. In every citv
in this country are thousands of people as pagan as
any that burn punk before a Joss in far Cathay. There
;tre thousands as needful of medicine, letters, light an-i
leading as any that can be found in the Dark Conti
nent. When a!I of these thousands are taught to turn
their facas to the star?, and keep their faces clean,
«M:d when mercy and pity have gone among them to
soothe sorrows, nurse in sickness and comfort in
death, and have let shine into" their darkened lives the
spirit of that message, ''He who hath done it unto the
least of these hath done it unto me," it will be time
to go abroad with the Pentecost.
f* N exhibition of mezzotints and etch
fj ings, by Frank Short, is the principal
\^\ matter of interest in the San Fran-
I cisco art world this week. The ex
* hibition is a rarely interesting one,
and should on no account be neglect
ed by those who appreciate the possibili
ties of thc-s-e fascinating mediums.
To many doubtless the mezzotint etch
ings from a number of Turner's unpub
lished drawings, originally intended for
the "Liber Studiorum," will prove most
interesting. Those drawings, entrusted to
Mr. Short for translation into mezzotint,
as were the hiber Studiorum drawings
placed in Charles, Turner's hands, have
been reproduced by him with nicest sym
pathy and exactest "understanding. With
a fine intuition he has caught the manner
and method of the great artist, and these
are Indeed notable reproductions.
"Stonehenge," a rich, deep, reddish
brown print, is a weird and powerful ef
fect, chiefly in mezzotint. The subject,
the Druidioal circle of Stonehenge, seen
against a brilliant and stormy dawn, with
a tall hay wagon topped by dark figures
for second theme, lends Itself admirably to
the affluent medium. "The Falls of the
Rhine" and "Solway Fishers" are excel
lent illustrations of the felicitous use of
mezzotint with etching, which so distin
guishes the Turner drawings, and the
fo'rmer is also a very characteristic Tur
ner conception, with its opulent ensemble,
almost rude strength and vivid, imagina
tive qualltv.
To turn to Mr. Short's own compositions.
Perhaps that which appeals to the widest
appreciation is "A Wintry Blast in the
Stourbridge Canal," a complete exposition
of the power of pure line to express mo
tion. One can feel the sting of the sharp
rain, the arrows of the wintry wind, as
one looks at the "Stourbridge Canal"—
and hear the howl of -it too. Simple and
obvious in composition, bleak and bare in
detail, it gathers little charm from its
subject matter. It is the masterly free
dom, spontaneity, certainty of its treat
ment that makes the "Stourbridge Canal"
a small chef d'oeuvre.
Of quite different character is the "En
trance to the Mersey," and perhaps more
characteristic of the peculiar charm of
etching. It is an exquisitely delicate im-
I>ression of sea and sky, enchanted archi
tecture ami a shining stretch of wet sand.
It is slightly reminiscent of Lalanne, and
one wonders why. Every line is eloquent
and it is full of runlight and atmosphere.
Again another manner, this time pure
mezzotint, is seen in the "Swiss Pass." an
extraordinary effect of immeasurable dis
tances and vastness on a handful of pa
per. All the soft charm and mystery of
the medium fire taken fullest advantage
of— the gradations of tone, the chiaroscuro,
are little hhert of marvelous. In sharp
contrast with the "Swiss Pass," and il
lustrating almost everything that a mez
zotint should not be. is the "Chelsea
Bridge." a commonplace, characterless
composition, which Mr. Short would do
well to recall. Almost equally uninterest
ing is the "Twilight in Campagna," from
a painting by Giovanni Costa— a common
place translation, except as regards the
sky. of a seemingly commonplace subject.
The "Span of Old Battersea Bridge." a
strong and quaint composition; "Tallant,
CornwaJl," with some adorable lines; "A
Calm," In which is too little said; "King's
Lynn," a lovely study of architecture,
bridge and river, with admirable disposi
tion of the blacks; "Low Tide" and others
make up this most interesting exhibition.
There are also specimens of the work of
Seymour Haydcn. Applan, AVhistler, Le
gros. Creswick, Goft, Corot and other
great ones of the world of the etching
needle, if one asks to see them.
Charles Rollo Peters has returned from
New. York and is now painting in Mon
terey.
F. J. McComas has just returned to San
Francisco from his European tour.
ART AND ARTISTS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Charles G. Bonner. a prominent oil mart
of Fresno, Is registered at the Grand.
L. W. Fauquier. one of the leading citi
zens of Yreka, is a guest at the Grand.
Chris Hlrth. one of the pioneer mer
chants of San Jose, Is at a down town
hotel.
R. C. Minor, a well-known *ttorney of
Stockton, is at the Lick, accompanied by
his wife.
Adjutant General Seamar.s, N. G. C, la
at the California Hotel, accompanied by
his wife.
D. S. Rosenbaum. one of the leading
merchants of Stockton, is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife.
Walter A. Starr of Oakland, who was
reported lost on the steamer Alliance, has
arrived safely at Nome City.
James W. Minturn. manager of the
Sharon estate at Minturn. is at the Palace.
Paymaster Clyde Sullivan of the United
States navy is at the Palace.
S. H. Comstock. a capitalist of Honolulu,
is registered at the California. He is on
his way home after an extended trip
through the Eastern States.
The jury at the Coroner's inquest yes
terday morning on the body of Sidney
Smith, the 12-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Smith of 609 Davis street, rendered
a verdict that "deceased came to his death
through lockjaw, the result of accident
caused by the accidental discharge of a
pistol in his hands."
The boy's mother, Mrs. Letitia. Smith,
pays her son's death was due to the care
less treatment given him at the Harbor
Receiving Hospital by Dr. Harold O. von
der Lieth and she bitterly declares that
her i»oy would be alive to-day if the phy
sician had given him proper attention.
The hoy shot himself In the palm of
the left hand Sunday. June 24, with a
blank cartridge pistol. "With a playmate
he went to the Harbor Receiving Hospi
tal and applied to Dr. von der Lleth to
have the wound dressed. The physician
was busy with other matters and after a
casual examination told the matron. Miss
Brown, to wash the wound and dress it.
She did so and Dr. von der Lieth warned
the boy to go to a physician for further
treatment. The boy was received at the
hospital at 7:20 o'clock in the evening and
was dismissed at 7:40 o'clock.
Last Sunday morning Mrs. Smith
brought her son back to the Receiving
Hospital. Dr. Frank R. Dray was on duty
and he saw at a glance that symptoms o'f
tetanus were present. He operated on the
hand and back beneath the tough palma
fascia, Imbedded in the flesh, he found a
small mass of wadding from the blank
cartridge. He gave the wound the most
thorough attention possible and then with
the consent of the mother he sent the noy
to the City and County Hospital. The
muscles of the jaw and of the back had
already developed the rigidity that comes
from the spread of the tetanus bacilli
and Monday morning the boy died of lock
jaw.
Dr. von der Lleth asserts that he did
all he could be expected to do. but ad
mits that he did not urge upon the boy
particularly the necessity of going to a
physician because he thought from the
hoy's appearance and dress that he would
not do so. Otherwise, he says, he would
have tried to get the case himself, for his
private practice.
"There was no reason." Dr. von der
L»ieth said last eveninp, "to suspect that
there was wadding Imbedded in the flesh.
A probo would not have shown It. and
there was no occasion to cut the hand
open. 'As a matter of fact, the wadding
didn't cause death anyway. It was the
tetanus bacillus, which lurks In the dust
of the street and clsewhpre. Had the
waddins been removed and had the ba
cilli got into the wound afterward the
result would have been the same. I told
the boy to so to a physician, but did not
try to pet the case for my private prac
tice, because from his appearance I did
not think he would bo to any physician."
"I believe my boy would be "alive to
day." Mrs. Smith said, "if the physician
had Riven him proper treatment at firer.
He- went to the hospital hefore I knew
of the accident at all. He came home
with his hand bandaged, and said noth
ing- about its needing a doctor's care. I
kept it bathed and bandaged, and an soon
as he began to suffer I took him to the
hospital again. Dr. Dray gave him the
greatest care, but it was too late. Dr.
von der Lieth not only turned the boy
over to the matron for the wound to be
dressed but he gave me no warning of
any danger. There Is no reason but his
carelessness why my boy is dead."
Dr. von der Lleth Is not now connected
with the Harbor Receiving Hospital, as
when the staff of receiving hospital phy
sicians was cut down from twelve to six
a week ago by drawing: lota he was on©
of the unlucky ones who drew a blank.
He was an appointee of the Democratic
Board of Health and hoped to be rein
stated.
She Declares Her Boy Died of Lock
jaw Because a Small Wound
Was Not Properly
Treated.
Dr. von der Lieth Charged
With Negligence by
a Mother.
LEFT A CASE TO
THE MATRON AN
DEATH FOLLOWED
BRYAN'S RUNNING MATE.
AS we are now close to the Kansas City conven
tion Colonel Bryan's understudy becomes an
object of interest. The only two booms that
are at this moment audible, visible and tangible are
the property of Towne and Sulzer. Towne has been
a nominee for Vice President ever since the Populist
convention at Sioux Falls. He is a Silver Republi
can-Populist-Democrat. The political child of such
inbreeding, it is no wonder that he runs to polygamy
of nominations. His honeymoon with the Populists
is hardly over before he desires to begin another with
the Democracy. At this writing it seems probable
that he may win. His leading opponent is Congress
man Sulzer of New York. Just what stellar spite,
malign destiny or hard fate should make it possible
for any party to have Sulzer talked of as its candi
date for Vice President no human ken can see. That
it is rough will be admitted by the whole country, and
other countries would not deny it. Indeed, all the
planets in our solar system, as they dance in their end
less ring around the iosv sun, would admit that the
party has got 'em bad that can have Sulzer talke*d oi
in that relation to it. He is one of the members se
lected by Croker to represent New York City, and is
elected by Tammany under orders from the boss.
Some go.od men have been sent to the House by
Tammany, but Sulzcr's name is not in the list. A
man who shows no cultivation in his speech or man
ners, he has not a single qualification fitting him to
represent the metropolis of a hemisphere. He is a
sort of "growler" for the conveyance of the ' drips
of other men's brains to be taken as intellectual
swipes by his admirers.
He and Lentz, of Ohio, have made it their busi
ness during all this Congress to lead in attacks on the
administration. No one objects to that. In all rep
resentative Governments a party in power is made
more cautious and its administration is improved by
attack. But the criticism must have in it a desire for
the public welfare and an element of fact. Neither
has been present* in the attacks made by these two
men. Mr. Sulzer has feigned virtues that are foreign
to him, and has fully realized Shakespeare's descrip
tion of a scurvy politician, pretending to see the
things he does not.
He took up the investigation of the Idaho mining
troubles and sought to make out of them a point
against the President and the Republican party.
This Bowery statesman was in his element in that
work. Being a man without dignity, self-respect,
gentleness or any quality that outfits a gentleman, he
reveled in the opportunity to be as false and crooked
as his nature is. During the hearing of testimony,
instead of acting as the impartial judge he was the
vindictive and vituperative prosecutor.
One sample of'the method pursued by him and
Lentz will suffice as an index to the whole.
When a witness was before the committee Lentz
asked him, "Have you ever heard that the Bunker
Hill and Sullivan mine is controlled by the Standard
Oil trust?"' These men pretend to be lawyers. Ob
serve the form of the question — "Have you ever
heard." A member of the committee objected to the
question as it asked for hearsay testimony. Imme
diately Sulzer turned upon him. shouting "Aha! I
thought so. Trying to protect the trusts! Afraid
to let the truth go before the people! Trying to gag
us, are you?" and so on. This style of examination
was varied by asking witnesses such questions as
this: "What do you think was in his mind when he
heard those rumors?"
After weeks of this sort of thing the Governor of
Idaho, a Bryan Democrat, was called as a witness and
immediately assumed the entire responsibility of the
military occupation of Shoshone County and declared
that the time had not yet come when it was safe to
withdraw the Federal troops. This knocked Sulzer
clear out. The "outrages" on labor and liberty were
all calmly assumed by the sturdy Democratic Gov
ernor.
Still, to fool the country, Sttlzcr hopes to advance
his chances for the Vice Presidential nomination by
putting a plank in the platform denouncing the Re
publican party for sending troops into Idaho to sup
press an insurrection upon call of the Democratic
Governor of the State!
Sulzer is very proper Tammany material, but
American politics has never yet fallen to the depths
of such a nomination. Those who urge it should
have the thanks of Towne, for it serves to make his
own candidacy seem respectable.
WEDK ESDAY JULY 4, 1900
¦
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
*~Add re^r^Tc^^Zz -ions to W. S. LEAKE. Marker.
vTnLICATIOS PoTFICE.-Mnrfcet and Third, 9. F.
Telephone Prcsi 201. ,
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 So 221 Stevenioa St.
Telephone I'resn 202.
Delivered fty Currlem. 15 On«» Per Weelc
Single Cople*. S Cex»t».
Terms by Mall. Inelndlnc Postages
DAILY CALL <ln<Mud:r.sr Sunday), one year t« -W
DAILY CALL flxieluding Sunday). « rnoritftf J.ro
PA1LT CALL (lnclud'Tir 6undar). * months 1.W
r>AILT CALL— By £ind« Mont* «e
FUNTJAY CALL One Tear J-JJ
WE1"X3.Y CALL Ort Yw X - M
All postmasters are nothorUed to receive
subscriptions.
Eajnple ocpte» will be forwarded when r«piest«d-
Mtll subscribers in ordertns: char.pe of afldres« ehould h«
rartlcu!*r to plv» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with tbclr request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 BroaUwaj
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Bui'ding. Chicago.
(Lent X>t»Uno« Triepfcsae ""Central 2SU."')
KTHT YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
KET7 TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO SBWB BTAJftW:
Cheroots Hku; P. O. Neva Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
rreaoat Ilcuit; Auditorium HoUL
NEW TORK NEWB STA2TO6:
T7«iaorf-A#tarla. Hotel; A. Brentano, tl Union Bqoare:
Usxnj Hia HoUL
WASHINGTON (0. C) OFFICE.... Wallington Hot*
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent. /
BRAXCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until t:89 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until J:S9 o'clock. <33 I
McAllltter. or*n until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln. open cntU 1
i:K> o'clock. »U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. S261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. 1C36 Valencia, open
until 8 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock. ;
him on his way through Kansas is that he was hailed
not as the hero of San Juan Hill, but as the Repub
lican candidate for the Vice Presidency. The people
admire him most not as a dashing Rough Rider, but
as a brave and sagacious statesman. The demand at
every stopping-place was for a political speech. The
people wished to hear him as the outspoken chan>
pion of Republican principles and Republican policies,
and in those places where he spoke of political issues
the enthusiasm of his welcome was greatest.
What he said was brief, but it was to the point. At
Emporia he addressed the people on the issues of the
day, and in conclusion said: "We are going to put
down brigandage and outrage and murder in the Phil
ippines just as sure as fate, barring just one thing —
if the American people choose to go kitti-cornered
next November we will have all the brigandage in the
Philippines that rs possible. But it will stop, because
the election will go straight next November, and we
are going to introduce in the Philippines the kind of
liberty that follows and can only follow orderly ad
ministration of justice — liberty for each man* to lead
his life as he sees best, provided he does not wrong
his fellows. You remember last election you were told
that prosperity would never come to you until you
had 16 to 1. Now prosperity has come to you by the
work of your own hands. If this nation is allowed to
go on as it has for the past thrce'years we shall see
such prosperity in this country as the sun has not
shone on in any nation of the earth before. I appeal
to you for the sake of material prosperity and in the
name of the honor and renown of America — the good
name of the nation."
The closing phrase will serve as a keynote to the
campaign— "the good name of the nation." To pre
serve that at home and abroad is the charge that rests
upon the people in this contest, and there can be no
doubt as to which paity can be most safely intrusted
with the responsibility. The Republican party is ior
tunate in having a ticket composed of the patriots of
two wars, the statesmen of prosperity — McKinley
and Roosevelt.
Not So Vigorous
as Z&ngwUVs
Book, Declares
the Emn3ment
Hebrew.
and some the more modern and rational
view of religion. Miss Morrison workeu
hard and deserves great credit for the
creation of her part. It was the picture
of a modest, pure, affectionate and de
voted daughter, who. though overpowered
by love, cannot at the crucial moment for
get her duty. Her early training, tho
recollections of her youth, everything in
her life, her struggles, her emotions, her
tears, her paroxysms of grief are so tru*
to life that one is tempted to forget many
of the absurdities of the play while she
Is on the stage. And even her magnifi
cent acting could not stem the tide or
laughter that greeted even her most im
passioned utterances.
Zangwill could have made a better play
of his work. For while the novel stirs
our deepest emotions and awakens our
sympathies the costumed figures that
stalk the stage as object lessons onlr
awaken ridicule. As witness the red hair,
whiskers and antics of the poet. Tha
strike parade is not true to life — In ism,
such things were unknown In London
Jewry. In fact at that time the class of
Jew that has been forced Into the play
was an unknown quantity. Little Esther
did good service in trying to save tn<»
play, but who among the vast audience
understood and appreciated the great con
cern that stirred the great soul inhabiting
her tiny form? Personally I do not dislika
the Intention underlying the play, that
of exhibiting to the world at large the
Inner soul of the poor down-trodden Jew,
who while despised aspires to lofty things
and though spurned as ignorant Is revel
ing In the luxury of enlightenment and
learning. But though it costs me some lit
tle pain to say It, because I know the ear
nestness and have learned to appreciate
the work of my friend Zangwill. yet I feol
compelled to admit that his play will
never be the success his book has been.
The Jews know and feel the strained and
unnatural situations and the Gentiles do
not know what It is all about. So even
with the fear upon m© of being ealleit
a snob by Wilton Lackaye I still mi:?:
say that with the exception of the thint
and one portion of the Ia3t act I do not
like the play. ?
Rabbi Nieto Is Disappointed
Closely Analyzes
"TfaeCfaildrenof
the Ghetto" Af-
N tor Visitiog the
Play.
BT was more than a fair audience that
assembled Monday evening to witness
the production of the "Children of the
. Ghetto." An anxious expectancy held
all in the bonds of its rapture before the
curtain raised Ifpon the first act. but a
dismal gloom settled down upon all when
the curtain fall announced the completion
of the first chapter of this tragedy—com
edy— farce(?) That is just the point— no
one could divine the particular character
of this performance. A strained attempt at
pathos environed in solemnity was sud
denly reduced to worse than low comedy
by tbe perhaps over anxiety of the gen
tleman who tried to portray the Hebrew
poet and pathos was the result. Act No.
2 represented all the Jewesses wearing
curls. This perhaps is no fault of the
author, but still i(. militates against the
realism he strove to depict— it was not
true to life. Shossy Smendrlch and
Molchizedeck Pinchas again did their
best to destroy whatever was dignified or
pathetic by persistently overdoing their
parts. The high note that was such a
favorite termination in all Melchlzedeck's
speeches as given by Wallace Shaw sav
ors more of the burlesque than the real,
and under his impersonation of the fan
tastic Hebrew poet, pretender and
dreamer as unlike what the character
should be as it is possible to render it.
1 once saw Wallace Shaw at the Alca
zar in a piece where he had been hyp
notized into believing that he was a prize
lighter. It is a pity that some one had not
Monday night again performed this mes
meric kindness for him: he might then
have done as well as in the part I saw
him act before. The third act has a gem
ruined by a foretaste of buffoonery and
Idiotic portrayal by Melchlzedeck and
Shossy. It left behind a flavor so bad
that even the strenuous, heroic and mar
velous efforts of Wilton Lackaye, Miss
Morrison and Henry Roberts could not
entirely eradicate it. At the end of this,
the only attempt at real pathos, Wilton
A DISCREDITED PROPHET.
IT is the business of statesmen to reason from the
known facts of human nature, from physical and
artificial conditions, and thereon base judgment as
to the future effect of a given policy. Statesmanship
is a mingling of the quality called genius with the
practical elements which make the successful man of
r.ftairs. It is the application of logic, guided by ex
perience, assisted by the rare quality of correct fore
sight.
Judged by these standards of statesmanship Colonel
/Bryan is a failure of the rankest sort. In 1896 he
found business depression and hard times in the coun
try. Manufactures and agriculture alike had been
prostrated side by side since 1893. The only dus:
raised on the roads was shuffled into the air by the
marching of industrial armies, made up of the tens of
thousands of idle men who could be fed no longer in
one locality, and so went crusading toward the capi
tal, living on the country as they went. One city was
glad to get rid of them at the cost of their transpor
tation to the next, in cattle oars, and the city to which
they were sent bristled against the one that sent them
and always threatened some reprisal. So acute was
the situation that fears were felt for the safety of
Washington City, upon which these armies of des
perate men converged, and measures were taken to
protect the public property. The only law found
available to deal with them judicially was one against
going on the grass in the parks and public
grounds.
Such were industrial conditions during Colonel
Bryan's first candidacy, and he took advantage of
them in every possible way. His ways- established
him as a politician, but forever forbade his classifica
tion as a statesman.
"Elect me President," he cried, "and there shall be
no signs up to 'keep oft the grass.' "
He declared that the industrial disturbance was due
to the gold standard, and that if that standard were
adhered to "things would go from bad to worse,"
and he drew a vivid picture of what would happen if
the gold standard were further protected by law.
The gold standard is the law, entrenched there as
never before in our history, and instead of the terrible
things coming to pass which figured in the lurid
prophecies of Colonel Bryan there is general pros
perity and industrial activity. Employers are hunting
for laborers, workmen and artisans of all kinds. The
commerce and wealth of the country have greatly in
creased. The dust of the highways is raised now by
the clattering wheels of activity, and no longer by the
shuffling feet of desperate paupers.
In Bryan's own State the average increase in a
farmer's income, upon equal kind and quantity of
produce, is $500 per annum. In 1896 the total value
of livestock in Nebraska was $45,658,000. Now it is
$102,000,000. Horses have gained in value 60 per
cent, cows and cattle 200 per cent. Sheep are worth
just three times as much. Corn used to be consumed
as fuel in Nebraska, and wheat was fed to hogs. All
this is changed, and on every side there is prosperity.
.The bank deposits have increased over nine millions.
Interest is lower, money is easier to get and debts are
easier to pay.
In other words, everything has turned out just the
opposite of Colonel Bryan's prediction. The gold
standard is more positively in action than ever be
fore, and concurrently Colonel Bryan's own State is
buttered on both sides with an unusual condition of
prosperity.
But Nebraska is not singular in this. The States
around her have felt the Rood effects of the gold
standard, and there is plenty where Colonel Bryan
predicted famine, content where he foretold disorder,
and money is plenty &nd easy to get under conditions
that he said would make it scarce and the interest
high. In Colorado there was probably a more pes
tiferous Bryan sentiment than in any other State.
The demagogues of Colorado were after Bryan's own
heart. But Colorado, instead of suffering, is making
money. On the value of sheep and wool alone she
has cleared an increase of values in one year of
$8,860,000, since Colonel Bryan warned her that
things would go from bad to worse. Iowa has an
average of £34 per capita in the savings banks. Thirty
four dollars on interest for every man, woman and
child in a State is almost an ideal condition. The
value of livestock in Iowa has increased $45,000,000.
and the movement of industry there has taken the
place of the torpid inaction which Colonel Bryan said
would go from bad to worse under the gold standard.
Now, a man who has around him, face to face, the
evidence of his utter failure as a statesman, must
have an abnormal gall to put on the market a new iot
of promises and prophecies and expect them to be
credited.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1900.
Booth Says Mayor's Selection for a
Place Is Not a Good
One.
' The attempt of Mayor Phelan and his
supernumerary. Charles Fay, to force the
appointment of John Finn as stationery
clerk of the Board of Supervisors is meet
ing with violent opposition on the part
of some of the members of the board
This opposition Is especially manifested
by Supervisor Booth, chairman of the
Committee on Printing and Salaries His
opposition Is an Important factor against
Finn, as the recommendation to the full
board must come from that committee
The committee will order all heads of
departments to appear before it and make
affidavits that the stationery asked for is
really needed. The appropriation for the
year Is 124.000 and the contracts will not
ba allowed to so beyond th,at figure -
SUPERVISORS OPPOSE
CLERK'S APPOINTMENT
Lackaye delivered himself of a speech in
which he committed the grievous error of
himself becoming his own critic and In
cidentally defending the author. This
gratuitous defense was neither pleasing
nor apropos— the public are the judges,
not the actors. Besides. I doubt very
much whether Zangwlll, who Is a per
sonal friend of mine, would appreciate the
epithet snob so graciously bestowed upon
adverse critics of the play by Wilton
I>ackaye. Ho did all he could to save
the play, his rendition of the part of Keb
Shemuel was both dignified and feeling.
He entered into the spirit of the charac
ter with all liis heart and soul and gavs
a sterling and true representation of the
good old man torn by love of his child
and loyalty to his faith as he conceived
it. The old battle that thousands of
Israelites have fought between sentiment,
love, affection, passion and fancied pl*»ty
coxild not have been more faithfully de
picted than it was by Wilton J-ackaye.
But even that will not popularize the play.
All through the audience was divided;
some applauded the old way of thinking
6
RABBI JACOB NIETO.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "A Day and Xlght."
Tlvoll— "The Oelshsu'"
/ :-. z*r — ' 'Carmen."
Orrk^um— Vaudeville.
Grer.d Opera-house— "Children of the Ghetto."
Columbia— "Tree of Knowledge."
Clympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•VCBlBC ,
Fischer's— 'Ttomeo and Juliet."
Rf-rreatlon Park — Baseball.
Puiro Baths — Or*n nights.
AUCTION SALES.
Er New Terk Auction Co.— Saturday, July 7. at 10 o'clock,
I?.r>r> T<-r.tp, Ht 112 Clay etrevl.
Loss of hair, which often rears the prqttlest
face, prevented by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 cU.
Larry-O Hooligan hos jist arrolved from
thirsty Hoylor.ders It made him
Denny— How phwss thot?
UlTT . y ~SC, mlny " not scotches" flnyin*
aroun'.— Chicago News. *
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery at. Telephone Main lOlZ •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend's.*MONTREAL. July 2.— The regular monthly
numbers for July of the Canadian Royal Art
Union, by which the winning prizes of ths
Kentucky Lottrry are decided were declared
here to-day. The flrst six prizes w«re ea fol
low?: 622S1. $15,000: 99IS. $4000; 63756, ,12000;
ZXSL $1000; SU:0. $500; 15543. $»Q0. •
KENTUCKY CO. NUMBERS.
Chinese Weds a Japanese.
A license was issued yesterday afternoon
in the County Clerk's office by "Match
maker" Danforth to Lee Yuen, a Chines ¦*
merchant, to marry Shltako Kawamura'
who is of Japanese extraction. Danforth
states that this is the first license he hu
ever issued for a Chinese to wed a Japa
nese, and he considers the incident note
worthy. Mr. Yuen declared his age to h.>
33. and the prospective bride blushinglv
acknowledged that twenty summers have
passed over her tiny head. Miss Kaw-i
mura is a protege of the Mission Home at
916 Washington street, where the marriaxa
will be solemnized some time to-day
Arrested After Long Delay.
Ernest Pastene. who assaulted and
badly injured Police officer Bailey on
Sansomo street last October, when the
officer ordered him to cease insulting wo
men, was arrested last evening and
charged with battery at the Harbor Sta
tion. Pastene had been out of the city.
Batch of Maritime Lib-Is.
Yesterday was a field day Ui the United
States District Court In the matter of
maritime libels, a batch of them havinj?
been filed up to I o'clock in the afternoon.
They were as follows: J. D. Spreckels &
Bros. Co. asrainst the ship Musselcrag to
recover $12,733 fur damages to 19,130 casks
of Portland cement whipped from Antwerp
for San Francisco; Oscar Berg. N*. Slavich
and Oscar Carlson against the steamer
Santa Rosa for $17 balance of wages and
$f«50 for personal injuries sustained by the
bursting of a steam pipe while the
steamer was lyins? at Los Ar.geles; Wal
ter C Larcor., marine engineer, against
the Kotzebue Sound Transportation and
Trading Company and L. E. Xoonan for
the recovery ni $210 balance of wages al
leiced to be due: Knud Larsen and Han*
Jensen against the American bark Fort
George to recover $153 30 balance oC
wages.
Fire Chief Sullivan Proposes to Con
sult With. Newspapers and The
atrical Managers.
The Sweeney fund la still growing, and
so lonu as It continues to grow Fire Chief
Sullivan does not Intend to close up the
business that has been entrusted to him.
By next Saturday, however, he expects
that the cash will be all turned over to
him, and plans will then be laid for Its
investment In a way that will he of the
most benefit to the widow and < children of
the brave fireman.
"Of course," eald the Chief yesterday.
"I have ideas of my own as to how the
money should be invested, but I do not
propose to say what they are until I have
had a chance to consult with the proprie
tors of the mornlnj? papers and the theat
rical managers. because they have been the
principal collectors of this fund. My own
ideas may be wrong, and if they are I
want to be set right. 1 shall certainly
consult Mrs. Sweeney at all events, and
shall not do anything that will Be at va
riance with her wishes. She has the in
terests of her children at heart and the
money is for their benefit. To-day and
to-morrow I shall have my hands full with
fires, and on Thursday I shall need rest,
so that I do not expect to be able to close
the matter up before Friday or Saturday.
Anyhow, so long as the funds continue to
come in I am not disposed to be in a hurry
to put an end to it."
Nearly $300 was added yesterday to the
Fire Department subscription list, and thn
Chief knows where nearly as much again
ia coming from. The new subscriptions
are: Charles Sutro, S25: mother and her
three little boys, $1; Mr. Champion, $3: W.
R Knight. $5: Peter McDonough. %2 50;
a friend. $2 50; Engine Company No. 2S.
$10: a friend. $5; L. Levy Company. $5:
employes State Harbor Commission, {217;
previously acknowledged, 5317 55; total,
$r.5?r. 55.
Chief Sullivan reports that there Is a
HOW SHALL THE BIG
FUND BE INVESTED?
tall, well-dressed man jroins: around with
raffle tickets which he professes to be
selling for the Sweeney fund. Neither thf>
Chief nor Mrs. Sweeney has authorized
any such scheme, and the public is warned
asrainst a possible Imposition.
The members of the Fire Dppirtrrwnt dp
sire to publicly thank tho Globe Ticket
Company and John A. Beck, local man
ager of the firm, for the 12.0m) tickets and
complete set of coupon ticket3 which •wero
kindly donated for the Sweeney benefit
piven last Kriday by the associated theat
rical managers at the Grand Opera-house.
State Must Divide Interest and Re
demption Penalties With the
County.
The following self-explanatory circular
was sent yesterday to Auditor Wells by
State Controller Colgan:
I recently submitted to the Attorney General
for his opinion the question ot the -right of the
State to claim and accept the entire proceeds,
tax penalties and Interest, of the State polltax
received undf r redemption. Heretofore ¦ it has
been the rule to demand the poll of $4 and in
terest thereon at 7 per cent -per annum, to
gether with the redemption penalties thereon.
The Attorney General holds that this posi
tion is not tenable — that the Staf6' Is entitled
only to the poll at $4 and that the Interest and
redemption penalties must be distributed be
tween the State and county in the xarae man
ner as interest and penalties on ad valorem
taxes received under redemption. Therefore,
in future, when a State poll is received under
redemption, you will set aside the $4 polltax
and distribute the balance an above directed.
ENTITLED TO ONLY FOUR
DOLLARS POLLTAX MONEY
Manual Training Instructor Work
Must Furnish Proper Credentials
to Get Certificate.
The Board of Examiners, met yester
day and recommended that the following
named be granted renewals of certificates:
Grammar grade— Miss Belle Van Vlack,
Miss Margaret Ballio. Mrs. L. M. Rid
dell and Mrs. Kdith H. Lyons (nee Crow
ley).
High School— Ij. A. Jordan.
The application of Cree T. Work, super
visor of manual training, for a high
school certiticate was temporarily denied.
He must furnish more satisfactory cre
ilpntlals. The instructor presented a di
ploma from Columbia College, signed by
Dean Russell, that the trustees of the
Teachers' College had conferred on him
a testimonial for superior scholarship and
professional ability in manual training
and education. The board insists that tho
diploma should be signed by the aca
demic synod of Columbia College, which
Is an accredited institution in this State.
BOARD OF EXAMINERS
RECOMMENDS RENEWALS
The two great government museums of
art In Paris cannot fail to be of capital In
terest to students of art. The Louvre Is
the most famous of all art' museums in
existence. It represents the accumula
tions of works of art acquired by the
French nation since the reign of Louis
XIV. Prior to his time the building was
used as a palace. It is under the control
of the Minister of Fine Arts and its
merits and defects as a museum are meas
ures of the advantages and disadvantages
derived from the governmental direction
of art collections. On the whole, compar
ing the Louvre and Its history with other
museums and their histories, although
there is much to censure. It !s but fair to
conclude that the official and national
management of the museum possesses dis-
tinct advantages over private manage
ment.
The new Louvre, built to replace the old
palace of Philip Augustus and Charles V,
| was begun In 1541. during the reign of
j Francis I. In 154G the King appointed
j Pierre Lescot architect of the building
Under Henri II and his three successors
the work was carried forward. The Val
ois established their residence In the pal
ace; Henri IV, when fatally wounded, was
brought there to die, and Anne of Aus
tria, during the minority of her son, used
the rooms formerly occupied by Marie de
Medici. Louis XIV considerably en
larged the palace, and It was under his
regime, in 16C5. that the architect Claude
Perrault. a protege of Colbert, designed
I and constructed the admirable colonnade
I fronting on the Seine, a superb facade, 54s
! feet long. Charles Lebrun supervised the
1 installation of the royal cabinet in the
j rooms adjacent to the gallery of Apollo
I in 1681. The museum was officially creat-
I fd by a decree of the National Assembly
I In 1791, and to the many paintings, sculp
i tures and other works of art which had
\ already been accumulated in the palace
I were then added the scattered treasures of
the nation stored In various royal resi
dences, castles and small museums here
and there. From the time of Henri IV
the court painters and sculptors had lived
in the Louvre; the four academies held
their meetings there; the royal printing
office and the royal mint were in the
building; and it is only within the last
hundred years that the uses of the old
palace, so impregnated with historv. have
been converted entirely and by gradual de
grees to those of an art museum pure and
simple.
Vasari describes the origin of the art
collection brought together by Francis I.
Father Dan gives a catalogue of the
paintings in the palace of Fontainebleau
in 1642. The earliest inventory of th»»
King's collections (the real nucleus of
the present collection of paintings) goes
hack to 1710. and was made by Bailly.
keeper of the paintings. The master
pieces owned by Jabach and Cardinal Ma
zarin. bought at the sale of the collec
i tion of Charles I of England, were ac
j quired by Colbert for his royal master.
I^ouis XIV. During tho reign of Louis
XVI many priceless works by the Dutch
and Flemish masters were bought for the
royal collection. Louis XVIII found the
Louvre so crowded with pictures that he
had about 3fl<) of them distributed to
churches and other public buildings. Fifty
years later a still more generous division
I was made, the galleries and storerooms
I being more than full. At frequent Inter
! vals since that time the Government has
L taken from the Louvre immense numbers
of pictures of secondary value and has
distributed them among the art museums
of the smaller cities of France, the pal
j aces and municipal buildings, the depart-
I ment buildings, etc. Yet the Louvre con
' tinues to be overcrowded. The building
covers over sixty acres of ground.
There are sixteen departments in the
museum, devoted to the following classes
of works of art: 1. paintings: 2. antique
ceramics: 8, Egyptian antiquities; 4.
Greek and Roman antiquities; s, works of
art of the middle agos and the renais
sance: 6. drawings, cartoons and pastels;
7 antique bronzes: s, ethnographic art;
9. naval museum: 10. Greek and Roman
sculptures; 11, modern sculptures; 12. me-
dieval and renaissance sculptures; 13,
Kgyptian sculptures: 11. Algerian mu
seum; li. museum of Assyrian and Asia
Minor antiquities, and lri. musoum of en
gravings or chalcography. All statistics
with regard to the size of these wonder
ful collections are unsatisfactory and un
trustworthy, for the reason that additions
to the collections are made incessantly
from day to day. Pick up a weekly art
paper published !n Paris and you will find
each week a long list of acquisitions
bought for and given to the Louvre. The
heads of the departments have their
agents all wer Europe, Asia, Africa and
America, everywhere, on the lookout for
works of art, antiquities, treasure trove.
To the ends of the earth the representa
tives of the Louvre are exploring. search-
Ing and collecting — each expert absorbed
in his own specialty, living for it aloi^e. ,
The number of paintings usually on ex
hibition, unless the capacity of the gal
leries has been materially increased of
late. Is approximately 23"A. The collection
of antique ceramics consisted of over
60fi0 objects as long ago as ISSO. The col
lection of drawings and cartoons, from an
Inventory made in 18SSL contained 33.511
works. The collection of antique bronzes
was at the same period composed of more
than 1P0O objects. But the constant
growth of the collections renders all fig
ures inexact and subject to correction.
Popular interest centers largely in ins
picture galleries. The catalogue of paint
ings Is in three volumes, devoted respect
ively to the Italian, the French and the
German-Flemish-Dutch schools. There
are about 6tx> Italian paintings, about TOO
Dutch and Flemish paintings and ahout
900 French painting?. In the Salon Carre
(square hall) the chief masterpieces of all
the schools are assembled. ller«* ia thp
huge and brilliant composition by Paul
Veronese depicting the "Weddinsc Feant
at Cana"- one of the most impressive,
splendid and powerful paintings of the
Venetian school, full of superb color.
character, life and movement. In a state
ly hall surrounded by colonnades an im
rhense table Is set. and Christ and his
mother are seated in the midst nr the)
company. Among the guest.-* the artln
has introduced Charles V. Francis I.
Qneen Mary of England. Vittoria. Colon
na. etc. In the center is a group of
musicians, including contemporary paint
ers, such as Titian. Tintoretto, Ras?an<>
and Paul Veronese himself. A gr*nt
crowd of figures of guests and servants
fills the canvas. This Is one of the largest
oil paintings in the world. It la a!s=o a
masterpiece. In it we can se« the ri^ri
nej-p. magnificence and love of lif* which
Cagliari. with the other Venetian?, so
amply expressed In terms of glowing color
and rhythmic, atfluent form: nothtnc rtf
its kind was ever better done or more
perfect. It was painted in 1SC3 for the
refectory of a convent in Venice. The
statistics of this marvel are these: The
number of figures is 13>. the dimensions
of the canvas are 3) by 30 feet, the price,
paid for the work was $.V"\ the painter's
expenses and a tun of wine.
In the Salon Carr*» also is the immortal
work of Leonardo da Vinci, known under
the name of "La Joconde." or "La Gio
conda." one of the most famous pictures!
in the world and nr*e of a dozen or !"y
known to be painted by this master. Lisa
di Antonio Maria di Noldo Gher.irdlna.
wife of Zanobi del Gioconda. commonly
called Mona Lisa, sat to Leonardo for this
T MONA LISA DEL GTOCONDA.
FalntM by Leonard'* da Vinci.
portrait in 15MM& Tn this woman th* art
ist seems to have found, says Sidney Col
vin. "a sitter whose features prsscsppd In
l singular degree the Intellectual charm
in which he dollKhted. and in whose smile
was realized that inward, haunting, mys
terious expression which had always rx»*»n
his ideal." Th»* world has always taken
a vast interest in this smiling face of
Mona Lisa, and there !¦» a tradition th.it
Leonardo had music played durlrg the sit
tings, so that the rapt expression might
not bo lost from Mona L.laa'a countenance.
The wild nnd mountainous background of
landscape is very quaint and interesting.
Francis I bought this work direct from
the artist.
Perhaps there Is no picture In th<> Louvra
more liked by the multitude than Muril
lo's "Immaculate Conception of the Vir
gin."- which w.is a part of the loot that
Soult fetched home from Spain. Thp
French republic bought it at the salp of
his pictures in 1SJ2. The Virgin is stand
ir.K upon clouds, with the crescent under
hrr feet, her hands crossed upon her
breast, her ey?s upraised to the heaven?.
Shf is surrounded by a multitude of angels
and lovely cherubim. There are much bet
ter specimens of the religious art of Mu
rillo to be seen in Seville and Madrid, but
for some reason th«» h^art of the p»>opl«»
has been touched by this vision of the o!d
Spaniard, and prnerations of the French
have bowed down before it.
Note — This ftudy, by William Howe,
Downes of Boston, will be concluded on
Wednesday next.
The provision of the charter regarding
the appointment of internes to the City
and County Hospital has been violated
by the local Board of Health, which has
used palpable discrimination in making
selections. The charter provision provid
ing for the selection of internes reads as
follows:
The board may appoint such undergraduates
and other internes to the City and County Hos
pital as it may deem necessary. They shall be
appointed after a competitive examination by
the board In any or all branches of medicine
and surgery, and shall receive board and lodg
ing free for their services. They shall be
under the control and direction of the resident
physician, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty or for other grood and sufficient
cause, subject to an appeal to and final de
cision by said board.
No medical colleges are excluded in this
provision, yet the board recently passed
a resolution dividing the applicants for
Interneship among the medical depart
ment of the University of California.
Cooper Medical College and the College of
Physicians and Surgeons, which are at
j present represented on the visiting staff
of the hospital. It was ordered that the
applicants from the most recent gradu
ates of the colleges who might be recom
mended as eligible by the faculty thereof
and who had successfully passed the
qualifying hut not competitive examina
tion prescribed by the board should be
selected, the limit for each college being
placed at four internes.
No mention is made in the resolution of
at Ipast two other colleges — the Califor
nia Medical College, of which Donald Mc-
Lean. M.D.. is president and dean, and
tho Hahnemann Hospital College, a home-
I opathic institution. Dr. George H. Palmer
! president mid Dr. E. Bryant registrar.
; Th«» charter specifies "undergraduates"
, as eligible to appointment, hut it is left
; to the board to say whether or not It is
I desired to pive to any such appointments
! to the hospital. Tho board did not deem
j that undergraduates were necessary to
i assist in the wards.
It would seem from reading the charter
paragraph on the subject that the Board
of Health should have designated the
number of internes desired and then held
a general competitive examination, open
to graduates of all the local medical col
leges.
Allows Graduates of Certain Medical
Colleges Only to Take the Ex
aminations Which Should
Ee Open to All.
DISCRIMINATES
IN APPOINTING
THE INTERNES
?
Board of Health Violates
a Specific Provision
of Charter.
Supervisors Arc ,Po-werless to Amend
the Tax Budget Adopted in June.
Hope for St. Mary's
Park.
N - . •¦ , ¦
The officials in the Auditor's office are
of the opinion that the resolution intro
duced by Reed at last Monday's meeting
providing that the $200,000 of excess reve
nue that will result from the increase in
the assessment roll be set apart aa a pub
lic improvement fund is clearly illegal, as
it, is not countenanced by the charter.
The same view was taken at yesterday's
meeting of the Supervisors' Finance Com
mittee.
Chief Deputy William Wells. In the ab
sence of Auditor Wells, who is on a va
cation, states that the tax budget as final
ly adopted by the Board of Supervisors
on the last Monday in June contained no
specific apportionment for public Improve
ments, and that the board is powerless
to apportion any sums in excess of the
estimated revenue for any particular pur
pose without submitting the proposition
to a vote of the people. Wells quotes the
following two provisions of the charter to
substantiate his opinion:
The surplus fund shall consist of the moneys
remaining at the end of any fiscal year in any
other funds, except the common school, library,
park, sinking and interest funds, after all valid
demand?, Indebtedness and liabilities against
said funds incurred within such fiscal year
have been paid; provided that all disputed or
contested claims payable out of such funds
have been finally adjudicated.
The surplus fund shall be used for the pur
poses and in the order following:
In payment of any final judgment against
the city and county:
In liquidation and extinguishment, under
such regulations as the Supervisors may
adopt, of any outstanding funded debt of the
city and county.
To be carried over and apportioned among
the funds and used in the ensuing fiscal year
as part o" the income and revenue thereof.
Again the charter says:
When the Supervisors shall determine that
the public interest requires the construction or
acquisition of any permanent municipal build
ins or improvement the cost of which. In ad
dition to the other expenses of th* city and
county, will exceed the income and revenue
provided for any ene year they must by ordi
nance passed by the affirmative vote of not
less than fourteen members of the board sub
mit a proposition to incur a bonded indebted
ness for such purpose to the electors of the
city and county at a ppeelal election to be
held for that purpose only.
It seems to be apparent that the char
ter does not contemplate the use of any
surplus funds for improvements. It looks
as if the only result of Dodge's increased
taxation will be that the excess taxes
collected thereon will be transferred to
the funds of the next fiscal year to be
used for the expenses of the city govern
ment during that period.
Supervisor Keed has reckoned without
the charter in the presentation of his res
olution. Jt has not been adopted, how
ever, but ¦was referred to the Finance
Committee for consideration. That body
may realize the mistake as It did that of
levying a tax outside of the dollar limit
for the repayment of protested taxes.
This item was eliminated from the budget
before it was adopted. A similar mistake
was made in a resolution recently pre
sented directing that certain funds should
not be governed by the dollar limit clause.
This was found to be a clear violation
of the charter and the resolution was
withdrawn.
City oifleials say the fact that the
money may not be made available for
improvements sadly needed is to be de
plored, but the fact that tho charter pro
vides for the fixing of the tax levy in
June, before the assessed valuation is
determined, instead of in September, aa
formerly. Is the cause of the trouble. Au
ditor- wells, in preparing his estimated
tax budget, based his figures on an as
sessod valution of $40"}.00O,ono, and allowed
$2iK).000 for public improvements inside of
thf dollar limit. The Supervisors cut the
valuation estimate to $375,000,000 on the
declaration of Assessor Dodge that It
would not be in excess of that sum. The
item for public improvements specified by
the Auditor was eliminated altogether.
At Its meeting yesterday the Supervis
ors' Finance Committee was informed by
Expert Williams that the amount of ex
cess revenue would be only $17.">.00<>. Chair
man Jennings held that the money conld
be used only at the end of this fiscal year
and then onlv to make up a deficiency in
the fund*. Should tho St. Mary's Park
promoters get a favorable decision in the
Supreme Court the money could be re
covered from the city on a judgment.
"Anyhow," said Jennings, significantly,
"we would bettor wait until the city is
actually in possession of the money."
CANNOT USE THE
EXCESS TO MAKE
IMPROVEMENTS
Plan to Set Apart Surplus
Revenue Is Not Legal
Under Charter.
FAMOUS MRT GALLERIES Of THE XA/ORLD.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE LOUVRE AND LUXEMBOURG GALLERIES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1900. •
ii.
7
VENTJS OF MILO.
In the Louvre.
MATINEE TO-DaTaT 2 SHARP.
THIS WEEK. EVERT NIGHT (Except Sun.).
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CHARLES FItOHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
. AND A SPECIAL COMPANY
In the New York Lyceum Theater Success
The TREE OF
KNOWLEDGE.
A Powerful Play by R. C. Carton.
Presented by a GREAT CAST.
NEXT *WEEK— The Comedy of Manners,
"A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE."
FISCHER'S concert house.
SLOXjnSLn O Admission 10c.
ERMA WIK'G. ISABELLE UNDERWOOD
and SIG. ABKAMOFF In Scene From "RO-
> MEO AND JULIET"; NORMAN THILLIPS.'
D'ESTELLE SISTERS. LITTLE MELVILKE
COAKLEY and EDISON'S PROJECTOSCOPE
Take your Fourth of July outing on the
Santa Fe new line. Very low rates to all
local points. Tickets jrood to return until
July 5 .The new line offers many induce-
ments. Agents at 62S Market and at ferry,
foot of Market street, will tell you all
about it. rslV
AMTJSEMENTEL
HURRAH FOR~THE FLAG!
1VE CELEBRATE WITH A SPECIAL MAT-
CunneT RylsT's ALL-STAR 1 ' CAST
In the Tunny Iloyt Play,
ADAYaiiNlii
I>rular Matlnr-«> ?a'.urfiay, and Every Evening
During the Week.
NVlt Sunday Nicht-Hnyfp Cieveren Fatlre,
§"A CONTENTED WOMAN."'
FS NCKMA V.HAI,LnY IN TITLE ROLE.
I ¥ i|
%al^33U MARKET bT. Sf.^Si^
AMUSEMENTS.
Fourth of July Matinee To-Day
Reserve Your Seats in Advance.
SAN FRANCISCO NEVER SAW A BETTER
BILL.
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
AsFiFted by MIPS EVA RANDOLPH.
Quaker City Quartette,
Tlie Four COHANS,
TODD JUDGE FAMILY. GII.IiKRT AND
OOLDIE. CARRIXGTOK. HOLLAND AND
OALPEN. MUSICAL DALK.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
ANOTHER PACKED HOUSE
LAST NIGHT ENJOYED
The Enormous Comic Opera Success,
Pronounced by Press and Public as GREATER
Than "The Idol's Eye."
Evenlncs at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES-23C and 50c.
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
*&T f i»4T* S& r » *^ Y£$
Avheatre r\\
THIS WEEK ONLY
MATINEE TO-DAY, July 4.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
Costly Scenic nnd Costume Production.
CARMEN
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
NEXT WEEK— FLORENCE ROBERTS— "'CA-
MILLE."
OLYMP1A c E o D n °^fI-6»
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
Last Week of
GEORGE TRUMP,
Tlie World Farr.ous Hand ,Balancer.
SIGNORA AUGUSTA SALVfNl,
The Illustrious Operatic Soprano.
SIGNGR ANTONIO VARGAS,
The Great Italian Barytone.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. .
4th of July Celebration !
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS
DAY AND NIGHT
AND A
GRAND FIREWORKS DISPLAY
Order Seats by Phone Park 23.
BASEBALL!
STOCKTON vs.JAN FRANCISCO.
TO-DA Y AT2.-3O P. rtf.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
G9®69eeessa®®«*«eeeee«o«e«o««9oeee«oe8oeeo9*eeo9o@e«e9eeoeoe«eee8ee®
I Getting Ready for Our Semi-Annual Inventory. §
0 @
a \\ indinjj up a truly wonderful spring business and closing out regardless of real value every- ©
* thing that can possibly be classed as "odds and ends." This sale affords many tempting op- §
* portunities to secure liner grades of furniture at remarkably low prices. We have also §
© selected many pieces from our , • ©
O . .. ' t l .. . 0
<* regular lines tor this occasion. il WW\ PS^I ff\ /TN IT H^ Ik?* 9 (t^ ®
e ' s S ran( l July Clearance must iLJ? #U | if! | IN ¥%M §
O . & . "**• <**•¦«¦ ~* t ~ ©
e stock-moving anv previous event r»« r- •* r- •*• r> «i j* ®
% of its kind, tithir in this store or Bl S F»™iture Exposition Building, g
1 elsewhere. Cor. Sixteenth and Mission Sts. g
I »3T ELSEWHERE , s^S^=^ 3JZ IT'S IN THE FINISH |
FOR f.NY SUCH S «?^^ f^WNil fp(!l *
i raff s jiy I yiii88y |f^ Jii™^ I
¦ 1 rrA IIP !YTt IISOMETHINGTI •'jfTl Bji'l I
o OTbKflfl ISHING! 23=sfa~23d ©
0 J^^^^pL I(M5 CA ANDVERYLOWFOR I 1 +'"J^ %
g rfp^-^^^^ Jfc/4 KJl this 3-P:e: 9 Parlor i tS ®
" H R /» MR m rt», nr AIJD V-w»wV Sil t_ £n d it'« beaati- fro nr THIS |}==— s— I §
li J1 --X //I n Will Hi! /^ A f"' Mahopanized Hirch «hy its right %X / *\ SOLTD T*. v f^T* A
<v 3 M /il rated, seats T2 in< ln>& deep ana luvur- riTT'E'VnvT'Pn • ' — "^ ~~^~&* Q
&, XX^S^S J ii^y/ Htr.«Fom» Colonial frup, with aliundant sprinKs. padded ViOlt I VriitjtX , J M &*
X C_-^ Rtrla R<X"KI-'It u "' ih h *' r ancI '•ovtied with '-hC4ce cilk n «
" • "y-*"* • damask r.f modernost imttems. non- BOlden oak, hard w
© solid nuarifi- pojUhir colort; shaiwl arms and l>?gs- polish finish- (this ©
tf M»*d Mk thrtatfhout: F^l.im oak hljrh-poiiPh a IWrt Kra.-eful French design, yot c . jt car/t , Jo it Justic . ): 4 feet 7 Inches high. ©
««, floubly brae- L BonttUng to remember us -,. rle ,, ? PuIt5 Mme fln ,, h fftr 9a4 o 5 runnlnt; with ratent eroovc slide; cast braes ©
q ' : : '- ¦'¦¦--••-' ; :="-¦¦ : - -"'- Think o! that and see them. trimmins?; castors. &
1 THE BEST THAT'S MADE OR THE CHEAPEST THAT'S GOOD. • §
* EXAMINE THIS-AND YOD'LL SAY IT'S — S DEMS IMPOSSIBLE, BUT IT'S TRUE. ©
0 A GOOD BARGAIN. H fl m OtO V •««. bu'tse^Th-" ; A ©
e UulUClOl "link of Smith-« & ©
)* *~-S V • zoo<i Axmln«t»>r« at 85c: and we have rf^^ II jPt\ «a
LV^/*> r\^£lt the flnfrt ?1 Can.'Pt In San Francisco. I j j^ I S
6 rrk.*5i Oi Hri °' lr l>c?t Krades just aa won.ierful I |J JJ^fc--— __ /^ ©
q ij ThiF means expertly laid on'padded J XllS^^ rl T &
g .y-H^M-il^^^ And HncrQi— "xss 3£ Kt^^^^l^^ ®
(< 11 *¦ **-. " "~"1r-5Lj T I v " Wilton Hugs, 9 r ' i/ '• A
S (fv\ ** - *«^^^ ;f i 78 ' Rue In beautiful 'IVrSan^dartsiw^Tl C^Nyv'J'P h? — 1| F| — i id /J7& ®
JmSZC£i^^m.\ • "** ****' 1 barg-Iin fU in J '"Sa7i I p ¦] ' B^—^f-f^ \ 'I %
//IT 1^ X. ' Francisco. *- ....»?„ J J**U~—~~' O
© ' \ *s — '-&&& Ani1 "P«i»l bargains fn Smyrna^. ivCi^^^^ TO. 9
, . v, ¦ J =: _^5^»» 4^ " I K>.an:ine thPm. *— *^ J^ q
O £19 7R 7- or lh " mnn ,?' \ "on-pl-BraM Top Bed. \-inchiPQ 7C -thafu all-for thia Brass-Mounted Iron Bed-and no ©
% Wllilu ll8s? .'"" r '", ll I an ' 1 , •"S" **P."Z3 , bow '"hat.ed for.t /Q ¦•skimping'! with th* material or finish (there's a dif- «
<f 7 '¦¦ f -'-° : Y" uuful ani1 *J^ta"tial throughout; a he.1 that's] vwl ' " terenoe); 52 in.he^ hipl.. with full anslod sto,.l a ido S an«l ®
, & hv. If ¦,. • n ucri For n tuirim and cheap tnouch for a cottape. j en<is (note thU). There« notliinir In the market to compare with it 9
Q ' ¦ ¦;-•:; ¦¦<!*¦ :t n-ith U.e usual ;.") t»l. 1 for the price-*.--.:* would be very low if bousht to-day. Q
I SEE OURS FIRST OR LAST, BUT S£E OURS. |
g JUST EXAMINE IT. | CURTAINS. N ° BETTER BARGAINS - 1
© Lot* of one, two and three pairs only. J& ™" ~^ m^^ sa * ®
yL /^^^^N^V^^^X^ 'Very Fretty DeFisrns and Wonderful Bargains. ff /f .~
'A ¦/ \^^iX 1 'f i -"l''? '¦-"* '' ! irni!"= worth up. to J3 a Cl (\C\ 'I 7 » "
o wfr<>^\s^^ff : f air - re ' 1 "^i • •¦¦• ol.UU imW^JI ®
® H'mL J^ ac> ' Cl|rta| n' 1 worth up to J6 a Q O Hif\ ' Ck ®"
** |J ti\ N>^ X^ l^'i'1 rair-reduced to <>^.OU| YtfSSF^lSSggSy ©
© ' \. ; X / I j Lace Curtains worth up t. j; n 04 f\f\ Wi$r&*%r* r tti&3 ©
0 • l "''f\Vo\ x / J;\ • r«"-redu.-ed to 5>4.UU! VSrlWBm^^ ©
Q //V»v=S^fe^__^--2<^S»/v'.\ Lac *' C"r«»'n* worth up to $10 fl»/> frrkl Mil k^rJ- ' : **£$*t O
ytf>*T^^**"f^SBS^,iJ a i.air-reducei to OO.OU i » \j&^M}&W$?*^<^ O
•V- *fjj -- = -*^z^S)\aJ Lace Curtains worth up to 515 CTfk <Tkl~l ' feiiP'^iliTdiiffif-*^?^^/^ d
fflt^^~£z!l333mv'1 a ral r-re,i U ced , 0 *...§9.00' St^w ?^\j A o
f% fl.ylli s'^^^^^^-Y.'lX J^ ce Curtains worth up to $30 Cl\ A t\C\^ >Wi QVH A' \" \ N X l/\ OS
.-^yi— -^-^^-- -= j a pair-reduced to. * . t> 1 4 . U O j %riZ^^^^^M^J>i C^\ ©
I l^^B 1 I MATTRESSES. IPjflP I
1 1 Made to order whilp you wait. Vy*^
X "^"^^^^^^ •"££ i AI ' our -Mattressfs are mad* in our own ~~
* m. • r, n. Best iiualliv n»>w Saiitarv w'-aui-pku ™-,*,» wood, ssttf-rred rattan and woven cane. Q
€> Q \/[ OP OXLY for this Solid of nceUlor and nare whltn ¦ coUon Test Hrs Ftf " 1 hrakts - rubher tlre whoeIs - ea^ Q
n 014-illU OAK HRESSER - gniden oak; M tin ti^kine '•otton. b^st , tee , s , lrinK . s _ all , he late devices to mako 5f
f!i.!sh— shaped f>p. 4fix2I inr-hes; iBeFt quality Mr,«.V'MatVr'ess r -s> "¦ bah >' "SOmfortable. Careful mothers are «»
© tnrml Frrn-h j.Ute K lafp2KxS4. supi^rts hand- j Best quality GcnulneSilk FIoaB*MatU«aB V B 25 bu >' ln S them. O
Q F'ir.f-iy scrolled ard carved; dcuMe upper iBeft quality White Hair Mp ttre^ «(> « O
a inww; fitt'.-.g pfrfectly. .Tun Fu<-h ajBest quality Grav Hair Al'ittre^ is [t»l Anfl a 1Ine of carriaces unsurrassed In S
I ¦^¦"- xi~-^«^'w '"i^vai^?jy H ?,- r iy.i^i;:;;;;"- j= | g's^,-"-";^ y '" - r """"°- |
I IP YOU BUY IT AT PATTOSIEN'S, IT IS ALL RIGHT. |
§ SOLID OAK-HIGH POLISH. | AND IT'S FINE. BARGAIN INCOMPARABLE. I
g || p m H M W 9 /H^ ' \ I
O CQ fid \ rr;sn»!A Us iy low valu» for *£•*. Or rft for tn | B handsome nni Btrontr Q
O CClUU }pl' «?.- 'OIM <-ak EXTENSION \\) Q(J -KXTKXSION TAHUi:. Beit Q
m TAPLI. cMen ,,ak. hijfh polish: CIC Ull Solid quarter-rawed oak. Rolden V**iww fcAAm f . ak fin , 3h on nsh (b |tR
finish: fn«x4;:r.rhf-5. and exter.-is G feet; UAIJJII oak, piano-polish tffilsh: tr>p 50 riffht name); top Cx42 inches, and extends X
© *ll>>* bandaomely emboned; legs 5 inches^ inchew in diamf-ter, extends * feet. C feet; less J-'. In.h-s thick, neatly fluted O
ft th'cl:. neatly turned ani fluted; ball-^ar- fides beaded: legs 5 inches thick and elabo- and turned: specially bolted at ton and ©
q in«r carters. i ut 11m cut and deBcription I rately shape. l. turned and fluted. The table la with neatly carved side braces. Has ffi \
*» aa't besla _to Oo it Justice, .^ee the table, j finishe-l lx>autifully. To . arprcciate this, and casters. 5f !
J2 1!f g"' Hr Xil * u " "— ' the rri'^-examlne it! You'll like it rven hrtter when you see it ©
¦8~ TWIN BARGAINS— JUST SAMPLES. I
O O
1 / / *? 2 ?^w_ TEST THIS! l^^^^r^^^^^s t|ijS r ?vSSff: S
O u^»S?^SS!±SSWS^PSES^i«i»*»i»i cur °*' n make; 6 f** 1 %^g<aaaaF»^ **gy ($3 Inches wide; made Si
($ V- **74_ v^'j&*is4ftf&USp^friT\Fffi§ C inches long, 2 feet S *WT *g^ hixurious with JS
-* t iff> Inches wide; 5 rows JS ~ J ' ' ' i>ienty of BprfnR^;
<3e*p tuftir.B. supported "-¦ •" madt?" in our own ©
9 t,y 4* ar.d more crrinKF. fecyreiy held; vdonr covering; unsoilable shop; made handsome with rich four-colored velours in non-soilable ©
q cclrrf. Jurt compare this with those that others eell for $17. colors; 5 rowe of deep tufting; but you must see It to appreciate gk
d J this price. . q
® That Money-Saving Book— Our New Catalogue for Out-of-Town People— FREE. |
O Q
The Christian Kndeavor Society is now
represented in every country of the world.
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
AMUSEMENTS.
PHONE MAIN 632.
n . alter Moroaco Manager
MATINEE TO-DAY!
An Innovation in Playcraft.
THE NEW FRAWLEY COMPANY RE-
CEIVED WITH ENTHUSIASM.
ONLY TI1I.S WEEK!
CHJiOREN OF THE GHETTO
The Greatest Success of Many Tears.
MATINKE SATURDAY.
Next W*ek— "THE DANCINO GIRL."
Prices— 75e. 50c, 25c, lf,c. No hiKher. Mat-
inee— 50c. 25c, jjc, 10c. Branch Ticket
Office, Emporium.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. j
Bathlni? From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Sc.
Batfcln* Including Admission, L'Jc; Children 20c.LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 6 1% 6 2%
Closing 6 2 6 3
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 65 21 75
Closing 20 65 21 75
Flour—
Opening • 27 55 28 60
Closing 27 65 28 60
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. July 3.— There Is little change In
the condition of the wool market here this
week. The amount of new wools cominsr in
thus far has been small, a great decrease com
pared with last year. This, it Is clalmc-d. Is
due to the high priceB asked In, the West, com
pared with the selling values here. Sales of
Territory wools have been very limited, with
prices ncminal. For fine medium and fine 50@
52c. scoured, would be a fair basis to quote,
with staple wools at C4Q55c. Fleece .wools are
slow, with little wanted at present and prices
are nominal. Quotations:
Unwashed medium, etc., Missouri quarter
blood combing, 24®23c; braid combing, 21fi22c.
Territory, scoured basis, Montana and Wyo
minjT, fine medium and fine, 17@lSc: scoured,
5O4K>2c: Utah and fine medium and fine, 16@18c;
scoured, 50©51c; stanle, 54505c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices; comb
ing superfine,' nominal, 82®S7c; good, 80@S2c.
London Wool Market.
LONDON, July 3.— The wool auction sales
opened to-day with a large attendance of buy
ers. The offerings numbered 7,458 baJes. and
consisted principally of crossbreds. The de
mand for merinos and fine crossbreds showed
less animation, merinos declining 10 to 13 per
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, July S. — There was an obvious
pfTort this morning to continue the manipu
lation in prices which was eet on foot yes
terday by a clique of professional traders.
The attemrt met with considerable succ«ss
for a tim* 1 . assisted as it was by Fpecial in
flu^nr-py aflfctir.g cse or two individual Ftoeks.
There was an active revival of old and neg
lected minors ccr.cming dividend prospects
of a number cf railroads which have been pur-
Fulnsr a Aowmrard course for eome time on ac
count of the general supposition that surplus
cariilr.ps wouM he conserved for future need*,
rather than distributed as Increased dividends
Prominent In this clafs were Baltimore an<l
Ohio and Misaoati Pacific, which were ad
vanced about a point cr over by active bidding
up process during the morning. There was a
continuance of ihe recent unexpected demand
for the Reading and New Jersey Central
Ftorks. the lattf-r rising at one time ten points.
Brooklyn Transit derived seme benefit from
yesterday's verdict in the trial for conspiracy
to discredit the securities of the company. Thf
early derreFficn frcm London, where the grow
lr.g «eriousn<^s r.f the problem in ChJna had
its effect. seraiM to be totally lsrnorfd In this
market ami had no influence in checking the
cperilng advance. Not to with the influence
of th<* Wheat market, which again demon-
Ftrated its dominating power on stocks. When
prices of Whoat were seen to advance rail
road Ftocks turned downward and found no
effective support for the reft of the da.}'. The
prnoral level of prices fell below last night
In the late dfahnp-s, but there were some
Ftocks which rftair^d rmall ret gains, though
much diminished from thos<» at this hlch level
of prices. Although the advance was checked,
the rains which were Fecur»>d yesterday were
largely encroaehfd upon. The market during
the latter day was dull almost to th»" point
of EtaKnatlon. thrr* being no disposition to
j<ut out fr^F-h contracts en the eve of a holi
dsv.
The Money market was very dull and not
quotably changed.
The Bend market mewed In sympathy with
stock*, advancing in the early dealings, but
yielded fomewhat with the reaction in stocks.
Total ralp*. l>ar value. S3W.O00.
1'nit^d States o'.d 4s and n*w 4s advanced %
end the la end f.s *i in the bid price.
XEW YOP.IC STOCK LIST.
Fh»res Closing
aiS: B^
17.CS0 Atchison prefi , ~\%
T.RSO Baltimore A Ohio 72%
... <:anartlan Pacific SS
Sno Canadian Pacific 1S»;
??« Chesapeake & Ohio 23»i
2.'it Chicago Great Western 10'*
18.450 C B A Q 124»i
£.250 O-.icaero In<1l3napolls & Louisville.. 2"H
ChlraKO Indianar-olts & Louis prefd SO
... Chicago & Eastern Illinois 35
100 Chicago & Northwestern 158
1CJ0 Chicago Kock I &, Pacific lfiSli
EASTERN MARKETS.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. July S.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson. 13 hours from TT»%1.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup, 83 nours from T»
coma.
Stmr Alcatras. Carlson. 14 hours from Green
wood, bound to San Pedro; put In to land
machinery and passengers.
Ptmr San Bias, Plllsbury, 61 hours frora Se
attle.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 46% hours from Port
land, via Astoria 33H hour*.
U S stmr Adams. Goodwin, 3 days from Co
lumbia River.
Ship Glory of the Seas. Freeman. 8 days from
Comox.
Br ship Flngal. Archer, 146 days from Cal
cutta.
Schr Free Trade. Thorsen. 80 hours from
Coos Bay.
Schr Esther Buhne, Salveson. 2 days from
Eureka.
Schr Occidental. Rosich. 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Bender Brothers, TV etzel, 20 hours from
Flshermnns Bay.
Schr Ralph J Long, Isigkelt. 43 hours from.
Frank port.
(CLEARED.
Tuesday. July 3.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka; Chaa
Nelson.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria: Goofiall.
Perkins & Co.
Ship Cyrus Wakefleld, McLocn. Seattle; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Bktn S N Castle. Hubbard. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. July 3.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. San Pedro.
Stmr Newburg. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Scotia. Walvig. Rockport.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
V S stmr Grant. Schiller. Nagasaki.
Schr Ottlllie Fjord, Bosch, Eureka.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson, Bower.s Landing.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. Coquille River.
Schr Impossible. Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Nettie Sundborg. Anderson. — — .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 3, 1*> p n*— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
June 30. lat 13 N. Ion 25 W— Br e*ilj> Cortes.
from Antwero. for San Francisco.
No date, lat 6 N. Ion 23 W— Br ship Kelburn,
hence March 8. for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 3— Schr Ida
McKay, hence June 22.
EUREKA— Arrived July 3— Stmr Luella, from
Ca^e Nome.
Sailed July 3— Stmr Eureka and schr Spar
row, for San Francisco: schr Bertie Minor for
Honolulu; schr Bertha Dolbwr. for San Dieer>
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed July 3— Schr
Newark, for Pan Francisco; stmr Navarro, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 2— Stmr San Pe.iro
frcm Nome. July 3 — Stmrs Tacoma and Ore
• son, from Nome.
Sailed Juiy 3— Stmr City of Seattle, for Sk3<*
uay.
Arrived July 2-Stmr Senator, from Nome;
stmr Diri^o. from Skaguay.
i CRESCENT CITY-Sailed July 3-Stmr Cres
cent City, for Pan Franclsoo.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 3—Stmr TlHa
; mock, from Redcndo.
Sailed July 3— Stmr TUlaraook, for San Fran
cisco. ' '
j -^ r V red July 3 ~ Stmr National City, henco
PORT GAMBLE-Salled July 2-Schr John
D Tallant. for Guayaquil
July 3— Stmr Cleone. henca
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed June 30— Schr
Honolulu, for Port Natal. July 2-Schr J D
Tallant, for Guayaquil.
EASTERN PORT.
j M^k R^r L Sknnr Cleared JUn<J S *- Shto St )
Continued on Page Eleven.
The mlnins stock boards stand adjourned to
Monday and the Stock and Bond Exchange to
Saturday. There will be no session of the Oil
Exchange to-day.
Homestake Oil raid a dividend of 20c and an
extra one of 5c on the 2d.
A quarterly dividend of 30c per share Is
now payable by the Stockton Gas and Electric
Ccmpar.j-.
Interest on the following local bonds is now
payable:
California Street Cable 5s $22,5<X)
Contra Costa Water 5s 69.000
Los Angeles Lighting 6s 30.000
Market Street Cable 6s 90, «*)
Nevada County N. G. Ry 7s 8,730
Northern Railway of California 63 1S4.SS0
North Pacific Coast Railway 5s 22 700
Oakland Transit Company 6s 42.0C*)
Oakland Water Company „ 37.500
Oceanic Steamship Company 5s 31.210
Park & Ocean Railway 6s 7.S00
Park & Cliff House Railway 6s 10.500
S. P of Arizona Railway 63 300.000
Total ..., $807,350
Also the quarterly Interest on the United
States 4 per cent bonds of 1907, amounting to
$3,6S3.2S7.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
100 Twenty-eight 125
50 Twenty-eight 122%
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
clsco Stcck and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
650 Andes 06; 50 Ophlr 70
100 Caledonia 1 20! 100 Savage 20
100 Con Cal & Va..l 5t>, 200 Savage 19
50 Con Cal & Va..l a3 600 Savage 18
900 Gould & Curry. 13' 500 Savage 13
400 Mexican 21' 100 Union Con 21
600 Ophlr "H
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alpha 03, SCO Mexican K»
400 Best & Belcher 2Si S0O Ophir -,1
600 Challenge Con. 17 30O Ophlr 7?
200 C C & Va....l 52% I 5C0 Ophir 73
230 C C & Va 133 200 Potosl 33
500 Con New York. C3 500 Savage •>!
800 Gould & Cur. 12% 500 Savage ;o
700 Gould & Curry. 13 500 Savage is
3C0 Hale & Nor — X0 400 Sierra Nevada 31
400 Hale & Nor.... 33; 400 Sierra Nevada 32
500 Hale & Nor — 34 3C0 Silver Hill 43
2C0 Justice 07 20O Silver Hill 4*
200 Mexican SO 200 Union Con Z.
1200 Mexican 21 5<£ Yellow Jacket. 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. July 3—12 m.
Bid. Ask. ; Bid Ask
Alpha 04 03|Justice C6 OS
Alta 01 02|Kcntuck _ Cl
Andes 05 07jLady Wash.... — 03
Belcher 17 18:Mexican -.' 22 23
Best & Belcher 23 29 'Occidental . 11 v>
Bullion 04 C5; Ophlr 73 71
Caledonia 1 13 1 20;Overman 16 15
Chollar 19 20;Potosl ?) 21
Challenge Con. 17 18; Savage 20 21
Confidence 75 — [Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 55 &eg Belcher 04 Co
Con Imperial... — 01! Sierra Nevada. 32 33
Con New York. 02 — iRllver Hill 42 n
Eureka Con — — uO>St Louis C9 —
Crown Point... 09 10! Standard 4 00 —
Exchequer 01 02, Syndicate 07 OS
Goma & Curry. 13 14IUnlon Con 23 24
Hale & Nor.... 34 35 Utah 13 14
Julia 01 —Yellow Jacket. 15 16
THE STOCK MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 87
Sterling Cables -••• — «»
New York Exchange, sight........ — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61V*
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4S% —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Continue firm, scarce
and nominal at 40c, usual options. The char
tered wheat fleet In port has a registered ton
nace of 25.000. against 30,777 tons on the same
rlntp la«t vear- disengaged, 4600 tons, against
22 300; on the' way to this port, 188.575 tons,
a *VHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures con
"cMcVgo Advanced from 78%c ' to 81%c. fell
back to VvicMd closed at SOVic. The feeling
was nnn on the general opinion that the break
on "he recent rain's had culminated. The presi
dent of the Northern Pacific Railroad says that
there will not be more than a quarter of a
crop on the railroad land. The Minneapolis
Miller wired that the reports yesterday morn-
Ing from the Northwest were the worst yet, the
rains havinc done no good and the situation
being worse than a week ago. The leaders
were buying which was considered an Indica
tion of an advance. Duluth receipts were 96
cars. Private cables from Odessa reported
the crop below recent averages.
Local futures advanced In sympathy with
Chicago* but spot quotations were unaltered.
SpSt : AVheat-Shipping. $105; milling. 1107%
per ctl. „ . . __
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'colck — December—
4000 cthT U 14%: 12.000, U 14H: 16.000. n 14%.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 14%;
Regular' Morning 8eBslon— December— 14,000
ctls, $1 14V«. ' 1 „„ ' ,
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
$1 14%: 6000. $1 14>4.
BARLEY— The feeling waa firmer again In
sympathy with Wheat, but the demand con-
Feed 6b*i@71Uc for No. 1 and 62%®65c for off
grades'; Brewing and shipping grades. 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. •
Regular Morning Session— December— 12,000
ctls, 72%c; 8000. 72%c. -
Afternoon Session— No sales. ¦*.¦;¦¦-¦$.¦>
OATS— Dealers report the market in fair
ehape though the demand Is nothing extra
and ofierin** are ample for all current needs.
White Jl 10@l 25: Surprise, $1 2i%©1 35; Red,
$1©1 15;' Gray; II 07%@l 13; Black, $1@1 10 per
ctl
CORN— There is plenty on the market to
satisfy the slow demand and quotations remain
as before. Eastern large Yellow. II 17%@1 20
per ctl; Eastern White, $1 17%®1 20 per ctl;
S RYE— S7% J c for new and 92®95c for old. The
market continues dull.
BUCKW H EAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The recent advance In Flour and other
products is maintained and the demand Is fair.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 15Jf3 50 for bakers'; Eastern. $4 50
CzVoO per barrel.
JIILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 73;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny $3 50Q3.75; Buckwheat Flour, $JiB4 25:
Cracked Wheat. S3 50; Karlna, *4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25.. In sacks. J5 75®7; Pearl Barley, $3; Split
Peas, $3; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted,
TO SAIL
CHICAGO, July 3.— The longs in 'Wheat
evidently had absorbed some hope dur
ing the night which was apparent when the
market opened. They had in mind the fact
that the market had declined 11 cents from
the opening and hence might be ready for re
action. The main influence at first, however,
was the unexpected steadiness of Liverpool
in the face of the 3%c decline yesterday. The
market showed only a fractional loss, and dur
ing the first trading hours regained some of
that. It was also reported that Liverpool
shipping bids were nearly on a parity with
American price3. August Wheat opened 1 to
: V/iC higher at 78%o@7&Vic and shortly after sold
to 7S%c. On profit-taking August reacted to
"fc^ic, which proved to be the bottom price for
the day. There were more rains In the North
west, but reports from that section in the
last three days said the rains had come too
late. The shorts covered and August rallied
I to SOUgSiVHc. On piont-taking the market
dropped to 79V6@78t4c, tut the close was strong,
August lVs/l 1 /**; up at 79?4Q79V4c.
Ccrn gave an exhibition of strength and ac
tivity which was mainly due to wheat and
hot weather in Kansas and Nebraska. August
I closed li&lVgC higher.
1 Oats ware firm most of the day. helped by
! Corn and Wheat. August closed &c better
j The "provision market was strong and fairly
active. Hcg receipts were light and consid
i erably under the estimate. The grain
srength was a help and there was less selling
bv Western packers than there has been re
cently. September Pork closed 15c over yes
terday and Lard and Ribs 7^c improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Julv 7SH Wi 77% 78H
August "9Vt 80% 7SMi 79V4
September SOH Sltt 79% SO ft
July"!.*"'."" 42^ 43U 41T4 42%
August «2H 43 & 42V * 43^i
September 43U 44 42% 43%
JiUy tS .^ ?.'... T. 23'i 23V1 22% 23
August 23^ 23H 22% 23H
September 23% 23% 22% 23*i
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 12 SO 12 82V4 12 70 12 70
September 12 95 13 00 12 SO 12 90
Lard, per 100 lbs—
juiy 6 80 6 85 6 80 6 82^
September 6 95 7 00 6 92V4 6 92>4
October 7 00 7 OZtf 6 95 6 95
Short Ribs, Der 1C0 lbs—
julv 7 071S 7 15 7 07% 7 07%
September 7 12% 7 20 7 10 7 10
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 76<57S%c; No. 2 red,
I 7SH*JS0">c; No. 2 corn, 42%@42%c; No. 2 yellow,
42%<fi43Hc; No. 2 oats. 23\4®24c; No. 2 white,
25%'?26 1 «ic: No. 3 white, 25@25 s 4c; No. 2 rye, 55c;
good ff,-dlnar barley, 37@40c; fair to choice malt
ing, 43@4Cc: No. 1 flax need. $1 80; No. 1 North
western $1 SO; prime timothy seed, $3 10; mess
pork per bbl. U160<?12 75; lard, per 100 lbs.
|6 75fT6S2; Bhort-rib sides (loose). $6 95<g7 25; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 6%®7c; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 50@7 60; whisky, basis of high
wines, ?1 23; clover, contract grade, $S.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19.000 8,000
Wheat, bushels 71,000 81.000
Corn bushels 673,000 154,000
Oats, bushels 401.000 213.000
Rye. bushels l.OOd
Barley, bushels 28.000 4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery. 15@19%c; dairy. 14
<gl7c. Cheese, steady, 9%@10Vic. Eggs, steady;
fresh. 10'ic
Chicago Grain Market.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tld» of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th*
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th<>
Vnl-ed States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sitn ( — ) precedes tha helsht.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference la the m»an of the lower low waters.
Charters.
The Martha Davis leads tn&xt for Hilo; S. G.
Wilder, mdse for Honolulu.
The Amelia loads lumber at Port B'.ak#»>y
for Honolulu; Er-.ecre. luir.t.pr from, an Oregon
or Washington port to Melbourne, BOb; Henry
Wilson, lumber at Grays Harbor for Honolulu.
Customs Collections.
lyiral Cuftom-house collections in June were
£G7>.2.
Exports of Wheat.
Expert* cr Wheat from this pert florin* the
errr> year of 1SJ9-1900 amounted to 6.^7.8^0 ctls.
t-aluei at S6.470.64?, asainst 2.2S4.OG0 ctlF at
r: 7C4 Eli in 183&-89, and 10,7C7,C^'j c;is at fl4,-
CTJ,^7 to 1SS7-S8.
Leading June Exports.
Experts cf Ifadirg staples from this port by
tea in June were as> follows:
¦\Vjne. ~ : " tSL callons, 1ZS cases and 10 bbls.
re!u€-d at S1M.097.
Floor, 77.1>> bbls. valued at SIHS.r.Tfi.
ttteat, 756.K7 c:!s, valued at 5T«4.:31.
Barley V^.ZT.2 ctls. valued at $141,207.
Quicksilver. S5.2« f.asks. V£Ju<»d at J21.1C3.
I randy U3 fallens, L cases anJ " kegs, val-
Utd at ffCCC.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New Ycrk Commercial says: "Califor
nia raisins are in fairly pood demand for regular
consumption, and jobbers report feme business
In rrunes. The prune market is ttill firm, but
the Rrenstttenisc influence which was exreeted
to result, from the Cured Fruit Association'!
formation does not seem to have materialize-!
l'i the extent that some believed it wouM. In
fact, many in the trade here are expectant
that the prune combine will not be able to carry
Its jlans to a successful issue, end the trade
is watching the situation closely, aw&itinp de
velopments. There are Eome. however, who be
lieve the selection cf such men as Mr. Griffin
es president of the association means that
I lar.s i-ave not been carelessly laid or laid in
vs!n.
"Apple futures continue weaker, with no very
preat disposition on the part of buyers to tak»
h<-.!£. Ir.d;catir,ns seem now to nolnt to a be
market. If the price reaches that point there
_.lii !<Voiv Yi» nipntv ftf sneoul.Ttlve buvir.c."
Heather Kcport.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Tirae.)
FAN FRANCISCO. July 3, 1900^-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka €2[Eed E'.uff 3^
Stoast Tamalrais... ~-, Sacramento 1>S
Ir.de;>enc!ence = an Luis Obispo 'iZ
Fresno &>;San Diego C6
Los Ange'es 74-
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Kan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
V : minimum. 50; mean. IS.
The storm over the Rocky Mountain region
has moved slowly southward and is now over
Colorado and New Mexico. A thunderstorm is
reported at Salt Lake City. The pressure has
risen rabidly orw Northern Utah, Wyoming
ar.<i Southern Idaho.
The temiK-rature is about normal over the
greater r-orticn of the Pacific Elope- In south
em California the temperatures are from 6 to
10 <2**Ere<rs below th*? normal.
Rain Is reported along: the valley of the Rio
Grande.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather gen
erally en Indei>endence day.
Forecast r^ade at San Francisco fcr thirty
hours endir.c midnlfht, July 4. IS)*:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; light
Bortbertjr winds in the interior; fresh westerly
¦»ir.<lR on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
couthwpft winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
I'tah — Fair Wednesday.
Arizona — Showers early 'Wednesday morning
In northern portion: fair Wednesday.
5-a.n Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresh westerlv winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
C C C & St LouU 56%
Colorado Southern 6
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 49
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
Delaware & Hudson 112*.;
Delaware Lack & Western 174*i
200 Denver & Rio Grande 17'.»
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67
Erie 11
333 Erie 1st prefd 33'j
Great Northern prefd 152
Hocking Coal 12>4
Hocking Valley 34t*
1,500 Illinois Central 113 i
200 Iowa Central 17%
100 Iowa Central prefd 44 1 *
110 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf U\
130 Lake Erie & Western 28
Lake Erie & Western prefd iO
100 Lake Shore 209
LJ60 Louisville & Nashville 74>i
1,170 Manhattan L 87
419 Metropolitan St Ry 147'J
130 Mexican Central 12H
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 4SVs
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd SS
11.290 Missouri Pacific 49;£
Mobile & Ohio 35
Missouri Kansas & Texas &*i
120 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 30
2,071 New Jersey Central 128
€20 New York Central 12S
2.473 Norfolk .Si W^tern 32*4
230 Norfolk & Western prefd 77'i
10,2f<0 Northern Pacific 51' 2
330 Northern Pacific prefd 7u T /g
4!o Ontario & Western 19%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Or<-K"n Railway & Xav prefd 76
1,900 Pennsylvania 327Vi
1,150 Heading 17%
24, ; 50 Reading 1st prefd 19'*
CCO Reading Id prefd 2S
.....'.. Rio Grand Western £'..'»
100 Rio Grande Western prefd S7 '"
St Louis & San Francisco $%
St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. 65
ft Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 32t; j
St. Louis Southwestern IMi
300 St Louis Southwestern prefd 24'i
12.120 St Paul inij j
£t Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha 110
4.220 Southern Pacific 22M
*,Z2'> Southern Railway io 7 t
f'2'i Southern Railway prefd El'
310 Texas & Pacific 141;
4.B00 Union Pacific j,o T i
LCS2 Union Pacific prefd 72i, t
Wabash 71^,
f.00 Wabash prefd . isi!
1,85a Wheeling & L E t£
1.460 Whelir.g & L E prefd 2^54
125 Wisconsin Central Yi
Express Companies —
Adams 315
American 150
United States 45
W*>lls-Fargo 1:3
Miscellaneous —
EGO American Cotton Oil 3314
American Cotton Oil prefd g7
l r 0 American Malting 314
100 American Malting prefd igu
MOO Amer Smelting & Refining- 3sifr
S33 Amer Smelting & Refining prefd 87
American Spirits 114 I
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop isv&
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 66 |
1,700 American Steel & Wire 31%
375 American Steel & Wire prefd 71^ !
American Tin Plate 19 j
American Tin Plate prefd 73% 1
4.3S0 American Tobacco Sl^g >
American Tobacco preM 12S |
220 Anaconda Mining Co 3314
13.415 Brooklyn Rapid Transit D5?i I
745 Colorado Fuel & Iron 32'!j !
2,W.5 Continental Tobacco 25
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 77
LEJO Federal Steel 31%
S10 Federal Steel prefd 64
1.1*0 General Electric 129
100 Glucose Sugar 47
Glucose Sugar prefd 87
r.50 International Paper 22
130 International Paper prefd 64
Laclede Gas 71
830 National Biscuit 21% 1
National Biscuit prefd Slifc
120 National Lead 191,4
National Lead prefd $7
CCO National Steel 23
210 Xational Steel prefd S3
265 Xew York Air Brake US
North American 14^
100 Pacific Coast J2
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S5
275 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 61
455 Pacific Mall 2$%
S00 People's Gas 87 7 *
300 Pressed Steel Car 43V4
Pressed Stel Car prefd 74
Pullman Palace Car 179
Standard Rope & Twine 3
17,330 Sugar .....114"4
... Sugar prefd U3'4
2.<T'0 Tennessee Coal & Iron 6774
2.440 t.'nlted States Leather 9>4
Vnited States Leather prefd C6'A
£20 United States Rubber 24 " '
United States Rubber prefd P2'4
430 Western Union $,Q
200 Republic Iron & Steel lo^i
200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 33
P C C & St Louis 58
150 Third Avenue 109
20S, 500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref r*g. M K & T 2ds 67^4
when isoued 103 M K & T is 83%
Do coupon 103 N Y Centra! lsts...lO8
U S 2s re* 100 X J Cent gen 5s. ..120^4
O S 2s reg 108'iiN* Pacific 3s C614
U S 3s coup 10S»i'N Pacific 4s 104^
U S new 4s reg....l34U:N V C & S L 4S..106H.
U S new 4s coup..l34H;N & W con 4s 96%
V S old 4b reg 114V4 Or Xav lsts 107
I," S old 4s coup...ll4'a Pr Xav 4s 101H
U S 3s reg 113V* Or Short Line 6s. .127%
U S 5s coup 113V4 Or S Line con 5s... Ill
Dls of Col 3.63s. ...123 Reading Gen 4s.... 87#
Atchison gen 4s. ...100% R G w lsts 98
Atchison adj 4s S3 S L & I M con 5s. 110
Canada So 2ds 107 IS L & S F gen Gs.125
Chf-a & Ohio 4W.S... S9'/4 St Paul consols.. ..166
Ches & Ohio 5s. ...117 ,S P C ft P lsts...U6H
C & XW con 7s. ...141 IS P C & P Es US%
C & NWSFdeb os. 120 iSo Pacific 4s 78>4
Chgro Terminal 4s. 95 iSo Railway 5s 108
Colo Southern 4s.. 85 fitand R & T 6s 70
J) & R G lsts 102 Tex & Pac lsts 112
V> & R G 4s 87^ Tex & Pae 2ds.... 55
Erie General 4s 69',i Union Pacific 4s 105
F W & D C lsts... 70 JWabash lsts llbSi
General Elec 5s U"M iWabash 2ds 101
Iowa Central lets.. 112 jWest Shore 4s 11U4
K C P & O. lsts.... 68 iWls Cent 4s 87
L. & N Unl 4s 9894 iVa Centuries SO
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15|Iron Silver 65
Crown Point 06 Mexican 17
Con Cal & Va 1 40 Ontario 6 75
Deadwood 4* Ophir 65
Gould &. Curry 10 Plymouth 10
Haif & Norcross.. 24 Quicksilver 1 50
UomeBtake 60 00 Quicksilver p^refd... 7 60
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Union Pacific C051
Call Joans 2Vi@3^|West End 02
Time loams *\i<a* j Westinghouse El... «>,£
t'tocks — Bonds —
A T & S F 25% Atchison 4s 100V4
A T & S F prefd.. 71»,4 N E Gas&Coke 6r. 64
American Sugar — 114U Mining Shares —
Am Sugar prefd.. .114 Adventure 2
Breton & Albany. 245 AJlouez Mln Co 1
Boston Elevated... ISSfc Amalg Copper. 84%
Boston f; Maine. ..1S7 Atlantic 22
Cligo, Bur & Q....124% Boston & Mont 235
Dominion Coal 39 Butte & Boston.... 62
Federal Ste»l 32 «*alumet & Hecla...72O
Fed Steel prefd 64 Centennial 16
FHchburg prefd....l38 Franklin 12 1 ,4
General Electric. .12S Osceola 61
Ed Elec 111 205 Parrot 40V4
Mexican Central... MM «}uincy 13.',
Mich Telephone 90 Panta Fe Copper... 414
N E Gaii & Coke... 13 Tamarack 175
Old Colony 203 Utah Mining 25V.
Old Dominion IS Winona 2'/i
Rubber 24 Wolverines 37'*
iVctt' York Money Market.
NEW YORK, July L— Close: Money on call,
Sun rises 4:33
Sun sets 7:35
Moon sets .\ 11:01 p. m.
TUESDAY. JULY 3.
Nrdv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, July 3.— FLOUR— Receipts.
19,500 barrels; experts. 13.270 barrel*. Fairly
steady but not active beyond a moderate trade
in spring patents and winter straights. Winter
patents, $4 15(34 60.
WHEAT-Recelpts. 83,200 bushels; exports.
63.S0O bushels. Spot! firm; No. 2 red, 67"»c f. o.
b. afloat; Xo. 2 red, SS'ic elevator; Xo. 1 North
ern Duluth, SSTic f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Op
tions were generally at a very firm position all
day on covering and good outside speculative
buying based on firm cables, less favorable
crop advices from Kansas and the Noithwest,
and a strong corn market. There was early
foreign trade on both sides, with compara
tively small offerings all day. The market
finally sold off under realizing and closed easy
at %c to lV»c net advance. July closed at
S3?«c; September, 83 ll-16@S3?jc, closed at 84Hc.
COFFEE— Spot, Etrong; Xo. 7 Invoice, <Hc.
Mild, firmer. Futures closed steady to So
points net higher. Total sales were HO.aOO
bags, including July, $7 75<g7 80; Auguat. $7 ,s
5?7 SO: September. $7 S0@7 93; October. 17 90@
S l'l; November, JS®8 15; December, JS 20QS 35;
January. Js 40»jS 60; February. JS 45fS 50.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining. 4 ! 4c; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 4\c; molasses sugar. 4c. Re
fined market i-trong; Xo. 6. 5.40c; No. 7. E.3oc;
No. 8 5.30c; No. 9. 5.25c; No. 10. 5.20c; No. 11.
5.15c; No. 12. 5.10c; No. 13. 5.1Cc; No. 14, 6. 10c;
standard A. 5.70c; confectioners' A, 5.70c;
mold A, 5.65c; cut loaf, 6.35c; crushed. 6.30c;
powdered, 6c; granulated. 6.90c; cubes, 6.0jC.
BUTTER— Creamery, 17® 19c; factory, 140
EGGS— Steady; Western at mark, ll^Uc;
Western loss off, 13M.fc'H"»ic.
DRIED FRUITS,
XEW YORK, July 3. — Demand for evaMr
ated apples continued rather sluggish again to
day but the market ruled tolerably steady, de
spite the tame trade. State evaporated apples,
common. SS'SSc; prime, otlffo^c; choice, 5?4@
Chic: fancy. 7'5z7 L jc.
PRUNES— Caliicrnia dried prunes, 2hi&'C per
lb as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12H@14c; Moorpark, 15
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@-20c; unpeeled. 6@9c.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Lot*
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flv« minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the tama at both, places.
NEW YORK, July 3.-The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Peaches— Hale's
Early, box", $1 25@1 35, average Jl 28. Plums-
Abundance, small crate, 45c@$l 10, average 70c;
Botans, 40®90c, average 74c; Burbanks, 55c@
$150. average $123; Clymans, 60c@$l 20. aver
age 7Sc; Peach, 75c@$l 30. average Jl 10; Royal
natives, 60c@Jl, average 67c; St. Catherine, 60
@75c, average 65c. Prunes— Simoni, small crate,
iOcS$l 10, average 91c; Tragedy,* 90c@$l 50, av
erage $1 16. Sixteen cars sold to-day. Dry,
favorable weather.
BOSTON, July 3.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Peaches— Hale s
Early, box. $1 20@l 55, average $1 46. Plumj-
Burbanke, small crate, 60c@$l 50. average 83c:
Clymana, 30@55c, average 40c; Mikado, 4o@55c,
average EOc; Royal Hatlves, 40c@$' average
78c. Cherries— Royal Anne, box, 60c@$l 28, av
erage S4c; Tartarlans, 25c@$l, average 44c. Ten
cars sold to-day. Favorable weather.
PHILADELPHIA. July 3.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Pears—Bart
letts. box, $2 35@3 20, average $2 61. Prune B -
Simoni. small crate. $1 10@l 30, average $1 18;
Tragedy. t\ 35@1 E0, average $1 49. Dry. favor
able weather. Two cars sold to-day.
PITTSBURG July 3. — The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Peaches— St. John, box,
S2c@U 60. Plums— Abundance, small crate. 85c
<Stl 30, average 92c; Burbanks, 75ciS$l 45, aver
age Jl 19; Botans. 90c<g$l 05. average 95c; Cly
mans, 75<g90c, average 77c; Royal Hatlves. aver
age 76c: Satsuma. 75@S5c, average 76c. Prunes
— Simoni, small crate, $1@1 35, average $1 10;
Tragedy, $1 25@1 £5, average $1 37. Two cars
sold to-day.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 3.— Business in metals was
still of unsatisfactory proportions and general
character. Without quotable change in prices
the market for pigiron was weaker, closing
nominal on the basis of $14 for warrants. Lake
copper, after a slow demand, finished quiet on
the basis of $16 50 for lake. Tin, on the other
hand, while still quiet, closed firmer. We quote:
$31 30(g31 45, against $31 yesterday. For lead the
market continued quite as unsettled as hereto
fore, without quotable change, however, clos
ing $4 10@4 15. There was a firmer feeling in
the spelter department, with prices showing a
slight advance and the market closed at $4 «%
@4 32V&, against $4 23®4 30 yesterday.
The brokers' price is $4 40 for lead and for
copper J16 75.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 3. — To-day's cotton mar
ket was higher, the volume of business was
moderate and the general character of the trad
ing was unsatisfactory, being especially lacK
lng in the element of public interest.
The close was steady in tone, with a net ad
vance of 10S15 points.
PORTLAND, July 3.— Clearings, J333,6S3; bal
ances, $65,655.
Portland's Business.
. OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, July 3.— Quotations are largely
nominal and about E6c is the best price quoted
for Walla Walla wheat to-day, with Valley easy
at 55<S56c per bushel.
TACOMA. July 3.— No change In wheat.
Bluestem, 5Sc; Club, 56c.
Foreign Markets.
CLOSING
LONDON, July 3.— Consols, 100 7-16; Sliver,
2S'4d; French Rentes, lOOf 12^c. Wheat car
goes on passage easier and neglected, 6d low
er; No. 1 Standard Cal., 30s 9d; Walla Walla.
29s. English country markets quiet.
LIVERPOOL. July 3.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California 6s 5d@6s 6d; wheat in
Paris, weak; Flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, steady; cotton, Uplands, 5%d.
LIVERPOOL, July 3.— WHEAT— Spot, easy;
No. 1 northern spring. 6s 3V4d; No. 1 California.
6s SHd'gCs 6d. Futures, steady; July, 6s 2d;
September, 6s 3d; December, nominal.
CORN — Spot, steady; American mixed, new.
4s Vid; American mixed, old 4s 2d. Futures,
quiet; July, 4s %d; September, 4s l%d.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce. XT. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
July 3, 1000.
The time ball was dropped one (1) secona
early to-day. Cable out of order.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. In charge.
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Wheat recovered somezvhat on call.
Wheat freights firm, with ships still scarce.
Barley firmer, in sympathy ivith Wheat.
Oais in fair demand. Corn and Rye dull.
Hav and Fccdstuffs unchanged.
Flour and Millstuifs firm at the recent advance.
Very little doing in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes rule firm. Onions steady.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese getting steadier.
Fresh Fruits show little change.
Prunes are now practically cleaned up.
Xczv dried Apricots steady and in fair demand.
Provisions quiet at prczious prices.
Wool and Hops quiet and unchanged.
Hides and Tallozv depressed and dull.
Hogs, Veal and Mutton firm. Beef steady.
Sugar again marked up.
eapy at WSl^ per cent; last loan, 1% per cent
Prime mercantile paper, 3?i@4V4 per cent.
Sterling exchange, easy at the close with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 S6H for
demand and $4 84 for sixty day bills; posted
rate?, $4 85 and $4 S7&; commercial bills, $4 83Vi
(§4 MVt.
Bar silver, 61V4c.
Silver certificates. 61H@62%c
Mexican dollars, 4SHc f
Government bonds, strong.
London Marker.
NEW YORK, July 3.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were colorless and unde
cided In the absence of further news from
China. American securities moved within nar
row hmits and the dealings in them were
petty.
The bank sold £23.0C0 gold in French coin.
Bills were easier and the market repaid
further large indebtedness to the bank.
CLOSING.
LONDON. July 3.— Atchison, 26%: Cana
dian Pacific. 91^; Union Pacific preferred, 74V>;
Northern Pacific preferred, 73; Grand Trunk.
6;s: Anaconda, 8.
Bar Silver, steady; 2S»4d on the close.
Money, lViSlft per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Utytice to (Marimrf
ARENA COVE— CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that Arena Cove be.I
buoy, black and white perj»en.iiculnr strip***.
has gone adrift and is now about a mile an>l a
half south of its proper position; it Is we.l
Inshore and anchored by its own chain. mis
buoy will be replace.! as soon as practicable.
This notice affects the List of Deacons ana
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 13<!0. page 27.
By order of th<* Lighthouse Hoard.
V. SEBREE. Commander. U. S. N-.
Inspector Twelfth Litshthousw District.
cent and fine ercssbreds 10 per cent. Medium
stocks showed a loss of Thk per cent from the
last series and combers 7 per cent.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, July 3. — Cattle— Receipts, 3300.
Steers, active; strong; butchers' stocks, good
to choice, steady to strong; others, slow. Na
tives, best on sale to-day, six car loads at $3 50;
good to prime steers, $5 20® 5 SO; poor to me
dium, $4 6»@5 13: selected feeders, strong, a
shade higher, $3 75$?4 80; mixed stockers, steady,
$2 60^3 73; cows, $2 9O@4 40; heifers, $3@5; can
ners $2<§2 75; bulls, easy, $2 50@4 50; calves,
about same as last Tuesday. $4 50@< 50: Tex
ans. receipts. 200; Texas fed steers. strong.
J4 4»g5 25; Texas grass steers, steady, $3 (5@
4.25; Texas bulls, slow, $2 60@3 55. ,
HOGS— Receipts to-day, ; to-morrow, no
market: estimated left over. 3500. Generally
5@10c higher; top. $3 32^4: mixed and butchers'.
$5 05igT5 32'-i; good to choice heavy. $5 1505 S2Vi:
rough heavy. $3@5 10; light, $5 05@5 30; bulk of
sales, $5 20^5 27^-
SHEEP— Receipts, 11.0C0. Sheep, strong;
lambs, strong to 25c higher; good to choice
wethers *4 30<gS: fair to choice mixed. J3 25@
4 25: Western sheep, $4 10@4 25; Texas sheep,
$4 13@4 75; native lambs, $4f6 75; Western
lambs, clipped, $5 50<g6 50. No market to-mor
row, July 4.
The feeling in Hay is weak, except in choice
old, 'which rules firm.
BRAN— $12 50013 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17g20 per ton. i."-v '•"'.<
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26#27; Jobbing, $27 50
®28; Cocoanut Cake, $2O0'21: Corn Meal, $24 50;
Cracked Corn. $25: Mixed Feed. $14.
HAY— "Wheat. $7 5O@9 50 for common to good,
$10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 5O§3 50; Oat,
$6 50#S; Alfalfa, $5@7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4 50@6 50: Wheat.
$b 50i38; Clover. $4 50®6; Alfalfa. J3®7; Barley.
$4 5C@6 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25@37%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are quiet at previous prices. There is
nothing doing in Seeds and offerings are small.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 S5@3; Small White, U 23i§
3 40; large White. J2 7o<83: Pink. $2 50®2 SO;
Red. J2 50@3: Blackeye, J2 50® 3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $5 30@5 40; Pea, $3 40®3 50; Red
Kidneys, $1^4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c: Flax. Jl C-0®2 20; Canary. 3^c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2}£@3c; Hemp. 4@4«ic; Timo
thy, 4f 4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2 23@2 50; Green. $2 2o
@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are quiet and rather easy, with some
what better supplies. The Potato market Is
moderately supplied and firm for good stock.
There is nothing new in Vegetables. Toma
toes are still scarce and firm.
POTATOES— Oregon Burbanks. 65@S5c; New
Early Rose, 30@50c; New Burbanks, 40c@$l per
ctl.
ONIONS— New Red, 6J@80c; Yellow, $1@1 10
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75c®$l per sack
for Vacaville. S5c(g Jl per crate for Berkeley
and $1@1 50 for Alameda; Asparagus, 60c@$l 75
per box for common to choice and $2<32 50 for
fancy large; Green Peas, 2V4c per lb; String
Eeans. lV-@3Hc; Cabbage. 40<S50c: Tomatoes,
75c@Sl 25: Rivers. Jl £0@2 50; Egg Plant, 4®5c;
Green Okra, 15c; Green Peppers, SS60 for Chill
and 3@5c for Bell; Dried Peppers, S@10c; Car
rots. 25#35c per sack; Summer Squash, 25c per
box for Vacaville and 50®65c for Alameda ;
Cucumbers. S0@60o for Alameda and 25@40c per
box for Marysvllle; new Garlic, 2®-3c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Th« market Is moderately supplied and
steady.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and 10@llc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1®1 25;
Goslings, $1 25®1 50; Ducks, $3®4 for old and
$3(g'4 for young; Hens, $1®5; young Roosters,
$4 50® 6; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers. $3 50@4;
Broilers, $3f3 50 for large and $2ft2 60 for
email ; Pigeons, $1 25®1 50 per dozen for old and
Jl 25^1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
BUTTER—
The Butter market is slowly working Into
better condition. The demand is Improving
and some sniping orders are coming in.
Stocks have been considerably reduced dur
ing the past day or two. Prices show no ad
vance, however.
Cheese Is rather firm than otherwise, and
some dealers are disposed to advance prices.
The quotations below represent the general
market.
Eggs are steady, and dealers rather look
for improved quotations in a few days. The
market is dragging at present, however, the
demand being very slack and stocks large.
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, lSJfl9c; seconds,
17 He
Dairy— Fancy, 16^170 ; good to choice, 16c;
common, 14(gl5c.
CHEESE — New, 8^630: Young America, 9%
(glOc; Eastern, 16<Z?17c: Western, 15@16c per It>.
EGGS— Quoted at 13!514c for store and li@
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14t?14M:C.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The canners are not disposed to do much
immediately around the Fourth and the fall
ing oft in this demand makes the market rath
er duller, though to-morrow things will proba
bly liven up again. Prices for most descrip
tions are rather easy than otherwise.
Sultana Grapes from Indio sold at 75c and
Seedless at $2 per crate.
Cherries will soon bo gone.
Berries are in their usual good supply and
cheap.
An outside canner was in the market after
Moorpark Apricots at $27 CO per ton, though
the regular canners will not pay this figure.
The few melons coming in continue to bring
good prices.
Fontainebleau Grapes are coming In fron
Vacaville.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 25065c per box and crate; in
baskets, 20®35c; In bulk, 2@3c per lb to the
trade and $10025 per ton to the canners.
APPLES— 2OCa40c per basket and 35c@$l for
large boxes. Crabapples, DC@60c per box.
PEARS— 2o@:*c rer box: Bartletts, $lfl 25.
PLUMS — ;0(g3ilc per box and crate and 20935c
per basket; in bulk. $10^15 per ton; Prunes.
25650c per crate and 20@35c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— J2 6(>^3 50 per chest for
large and $2 5C57 4 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3^5 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2«4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $7@8 per chest.
CURRANTS— SI f-Oif 3 50 per chest.
HUCKLE3ERRIES-S@10c per It).
FIGS— Per box, 25@40c for single and 40@Soc
for double layers.
NECTARINES— White, 75c@U per box.
PEACHES— 40JT65C per box ana 35@S.ic per
basket for common and 65@S3c per box for
Crawfords.
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona. $2 per
crate Fontainebleau, from Vacaville. $1(31 30.
CHERRIES— 60(gS5c per box for black; Rcyal
Anne, 40^85c. In bulk, 6@8c for black and r,@
8c for Royal Anne.
MELONS— Nutmegs, $1 50 per case from Arl
ona and $l(gl 50 for nearby. Cantaloupes, $1 25
®1 50 per crate. Watermelons, $3®4 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings, 50c@$l 50; St.
Michaels. $1@2 30; Mediterranean Sweets, *1 25@
2- Valencias, $2#2 50; Lemons, $1®2 for common
and $2 50<g3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4@5: Bananas, 75c@$2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Apricots are in very good demand and steady,
though quotations show a wider range as the
assortment increases.
It is the general opinion that early Peaches
will open at 5%@Cc. and drop to 5c for August
delivery, though of course this is largely guess
work. None have come in yet.
Dealers are talking 6c for evaporated Apples,
though this, too, is largely guessing.
No intimations of the opening price of Prunes
have yet been heard. The market is now prac
tically cleaned up, and dealers say that it is
well nigh impossible to fill an order for a sin
gle car This has not happened for at least
six years. The feeling is very stiff in this
fruit in consequence of this scarcity.
Honey is in fair demand and unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, In sacks,
4a4>/i,c for 40-50's, 3«4@3*ic for 50-60',s, 3U@3^c
for 60-70's 3-33'ic for 70-50-6. 2T4@3c for *0-90-s
and 2%fj2 s ic for rO-100's. Peaches, 4!4@4?ic for
Standards Cc for choice and 5M>@6c for fancy;
Peeled Peaches. 10@12Hc; Evaporated Apples,
5V.Q6C- sun-dried. 3@4c per lb; Pears, 3K4M»C
for dark and 7fT$c for bright halves; Black
Fisss I** ©2c; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, 7'/ic; Unbleached Plums, 6c for pitted
and l4c for unpitted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. &@7Hc per lb.
RMSIXS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy per lb, 8V4c: choice, 7Kc; standard, 6^c;
nrime' 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, o^ic;
3-crown 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers,
2-crown! $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
ivfUTS Walnuts £iif9c for Standards and 9@
10c for eoftshells; Almonds, HH@12c for paper
shell 9©10c for soft and 435c for hardshell;
Pennuts 55iS6*4c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7%<g8c; Filberts, 12@12Hc;
Pecans, ll^lSc; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONET— Comb, 12%@13c for bright and 11®
12c for light amber; water white, 7&@7Hc; light
amber extracted. &V«(27c; dark, 6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 2»S26c per lb.
Provisions.
A slack demand with plenty of price cutting
are the features of this market. Hams are
about as weak as anything on the list.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10gl0 l ,ic per lb for
heavy. 10U@W%o for light medium. ll%c for
light, 'uvic for extra light and 14V~c for sugar
cured Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12® 13c;
Mess Beef, 112 per bbl; extra Mess, J13; Fam
ily $.14 • extra Prime Pork, $15; extra clear, $19;
Mess $16 50; Smoked Beef. 12U@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8MiC for pure: half- barrels, pure,
S»ic- 10-lb tins. 9Uc; 5-lb tins. 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels, 8V£c: one. tierce, S^c; two tierces,
8Vic; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Hides continue depressed and a few slight
changes will be seen. Tallow is in the same
condition.
Hops are dull. Buyers would pay the top
quotations for new Hops, but growers are not
disposed to sell, owing to the unfavorable crop
prospects In California, so trade is at a stand
still.,
There is nothing doing in Wool, the weakness
In the Eastern markets operating against the
local situation. Eastern and Western growers
are storlns their clips. •
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9«>c; medium, 8H@9c: light, SHc: Cowhides.
S'ic; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8^c; Calf, 3^c; Dry
Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands. 13c. Dry
Kip. 13c; Dry Calf. 16c: Sheepskins. Shear
lings. 20©3Oc each: short Wool. 30@50c each:
medium. 60®S0c; long Wool. 90c©Jl 10 _«a^.
Horse Hides, salt. $2@2 25 for large, Jl £ for
medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts: Horse
Hides, dry. $1 50 for large. Jl 23 for medium. Jl
for small and 25@50c for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins. 37i-'340c: fall or medium
skins. 32V£@35c: winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 73c; large and smootn,
50c: medium, 33c. i; _f- ,
TALLOW— Xo. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; .NO. 2.
3c: refined, 5^ic; grease. 2*ic.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotatble as follows.
Northern free, 13@16c; Northern defective 13^
13c; Middle County, free. 15@17c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 13@15c: Southern Mountain. i r
months'. 12® 13c: Southern Mountain / n ?,' t
months', lljg'lSc; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', 10®12c; Humboldt and Mendocmo,
17®lSc: Nevada. 14-J?17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 3@10c per lb: new, 9310<i
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. $3 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%c: Wool Bags. 2SH332%c:
Fleece Twine, 7%c: Krult Bags. 6US«* C tor
white and tK68%0 tor bleached jute.-
CANNED FRUITS - Extras in 2*4-lb tins
are Quoted as follows: Apricots. II 50 for
unpeeled, • Jl 85 for peeled and $1 95 f° r
peeled and sliced; Blackberries. Jl 60; Cher
ries, $1 75 for black, ?1 S3 for white and J2 for
Royal Anne; Currants. $1 73; Gooseberries,
Jl 65- Grapes. Jl 35; Nectarines. Jl 50; Peaches.
Jl 65(31 75; Pears. SI 76: Plums. Jl 35S1.40;
Quinces, Jl 65; Raspberries, Jl S3; Strawberries,
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: new Welling
ton. J3; Southfield Wellington. JS: Seattle. $o;
Bryant. J6; Coos Bay. J5 50: "tt allsend. S8; Co
operative Wallsend, JS; Cumberland. J12 in bulk
and J13 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg-. $14; Cannel. Ill per ton; Coke IIS per
ton In bulk and J1S in sacks: Castle Gate and
Rock Springs, J8 45 per 2000 pounds.
COFFEE -Costa Rlea-14@15*c for Prime
washed; 12@13Hc for good washed; 13®14Hc for
good to prime washed peaberry; "Vi* 12^. 1^
good to prime peaberry; H©He for food to
prime; SglO^c for good current mixed with
black beans; 9@10*ic for fair; 6HsSS^c nominal
for common to ordinary. . »,.,».
Salvador-10*i@13c for good to prime wa3^ e f;
9ti«10Hc for fair washed; 12®13^c for good to
prime washed peaberry: s«4610«4o for Ifoodto
prime semi-washed; 9;4@10teo for superior un
washed: 9Hc for good green unwashed; 10»* j»Uc
for good to superior unwashed peaberry. o««w
nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua - 13^160 for prime to fancy
washed; 9®12c for fair to strictly good washed.
Si.S&'ic nominal for good to superior un
washed; 10@10%c nominal for good to prime un-
W G*u h a e temafa and Mexlcan-14317%c for prime
to fancy washed; ll*i@13Hc 1 lor ¦ st rictly goou
washed: ll@U^c for good washed; 9® 10*»c for
fair washed; S'sS«ic for medium; 6S.»*c for In
ferior to ordinary; MgUtfc for good to prime
washed peaberry: 10®Uc nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: 9V4®10%c nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 2S-g33c per lb. feoie
Leather medium. 26<ti30c; Sole Leather, Hght.
MSMcT'ltough Leather, heavy. 27@2Sc: Rough
Lather, light, 25@28c; Harness Leather, heavj.
32®33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30S3.C. War
ness Leather, light. 29@35c; Collar Leather, lo-p
16c per foot; Kip. finished. 40®50c per lb; \eal.
finished. 50?55c; Calf, finished . Joc^Sl 20 , "W«^
finished, 16® 17c per foot; Eelt Knife SplLs. W3
"o^CalSa SSMftS case,. No. 1.
1 S3 &? US5^ -ref iSSS-Si^a
winter strained, barrels, 70c: cases, 7oc: China
Nut, 6Sc per gallon; pure N eatsf cot P". bar
rels 60c: cases. 63c: Sperm, pure. 6cc; Whals
-wTter White Coal Oil. In bulk. 12*c; Pearl
Oil, in cases. 18%e: Astral Oil. in cases lS^c.
Star Oil. in cases. lS',ic; Extra Star Oil. in
cases. 22> 2 c: Elaine Oil. In cases. 2314c; Eocene.
20ttC: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c.
Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in cases, 21c; Ben
zine in bulk, 14^c; Benzine, in cases, 20'aC,
S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; 88- degree Gaso-
TURPENINE'-^Quoted at 69c per gallon In
cases and 63c in drums or iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD-Red Lead 7U0
7»;c per lb; White Lead, 7@:%c, according to
ql <3UlCKSlLVEJ»-J3O@51 r«r flask for local
use and $4.-^46 for exDort.
SUGAR— Has again advanced. The Western
Sugar Refining Company quotes, per lb. in
100-lb bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crush
ed 6c- Powdered, 5.t>Oc: Candy Granulated.
5 «0c- Dry Granulated. 5.50c; Confectioners" A.
5.50c Magnolia A. 5.10c; Extra C. 5c; Golden C,
4 90: barrels ICc more; half-barrels. 2ac more;
boxes 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No or
ders taken for less than 73 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominos, half-barrels, 8.£>c; boxes.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinarv sizes, I16@17; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood, S17S1S for No. 1 and I15« 16 for Na 2;
Lath 4 feet, $3 50@4; Pickets. J18: Shingles.
$1 73 'for common and J2 75 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for Split and ?12 for sawn; Rustic, J21S27.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Veal has again advanced, being very scan*.
Mutton and Lamb are strong under moderate
supplies. Beet Is a fraction better, but the
market Is not specially firm. Hogs continue
BEEF— 5S6Uc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, S%29ftc; small. 9HSW-O Per
Wethers. 7%3St4c; ewes. 7S7%c
LAMB-Spring. S'4<§9c per lb. ,„__„,
PORK— Live Hogs. 6*S6He for small. 5%1IVje
for medium and B4©5%e for large: stock Hogs
and feeders, 5Hc, dressed Hogs, S-g9c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, JULY 1
Flour qr tsks 4.2SS 1 Chicory, bbls .... EO
Wheat ctls ....:. 8,140! Lime, bbls 132
Barley", ctls 740lWlBe. gals 27. WO
Oats " ctls l.?30j Eggs, doz 21,720
Butter ctis 543i Leather, rolls 34
Cheese ctls 32 1 Quicksilver, flsks. 90
fallow, ctls 464! Pelts, bells 191
Beans, sks 24S} Hides, No 301
Potatoes, eks 4,511 Hay. tons 323
Onions, sks 426 Straw, tons a
Bran, eks 1,000 Wool, bales 149
Middlings, sks.... 2731
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1.000! Oats. ctl» 8S0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JTJLY 4, 19OO
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
Foreign Futures.
WA
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
California Fruit Sales.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
C ITlme! Time Time! ITlmei
» Ft.: Ft. Ft.! '
• HW JL. W H Wj II. TV
\*L
4 ... 4:39 8.5! 9:551 J.O 5:11 6.1 11:57
5 ... 6:58 3.3 10:33 2.4 6:4S S.2
L. W !H W t, \V H W
6 ... 0:50 1.5) 7:20 3.3 11:21 2.7 «:2Z
1 ... 1:33 1.0 8:34 3.4 12:16j 2.9 7:>>1
8 ... 2:23 0.4 9:33 3.«, List 3.1 7:42.
9 ... S:0;!— 0.1 10:23! 4.01 2:1S| 3.J! 8:28|
I
; 5. 1
)
.J
.4
.i
.7
5.J
5.4
Z.i
r f
"i j 1 ,.; — : — t i SI
19 ... 3:43—0.4: 11:07; 4.4 S:12i 3.1 9:11
Steamer. I From. I
I Due,
1 1
Columbia Portland
Coos Bay Newport
Wellington Comox
f
. Ju!y 4
July 4
July 4
Arcata ICoos Bay
Eureka (Humboldt ]
July 4
July 4
Warfleld IQystn Harbor -..!
W. H. Kruger.JSan Pedro I
Orizaba jHumboldt !
Crescent City... [Crescent City -..]
Corona San Diego "...I
UmatlUa Victoria & Pugret Sound
Point Arena — Mendoclno 1
Washtenaw Tacoma
Profcreso Taccma !
Tltanla jNanalmo j
City R. Janelro^hlna and Japan
Del Norte 'Portland I
,'July 5
iJuly 5
IJuly «
; July S
IJuly *
July 3
Jju'.y «
[July 9
iJuly 7
IJuly 7
T« -¦ ¦ lr*««- Tin IP
I T,.l« t
Empire (Coos Day ;
Tellus iOyster Harbor j
Newport INew York I
Bonita Newport
North Fork ... Humboldt
Ptate of Calif.. Portland
Vnlverae 'Oyster Harbor
July 9
"Willamette Seattle
Slam Oyster Harbor I
Strathgylo China and Japan 1
Santa Rosa jSan Dlepo f
July 9
(July !»
tJuly 10
[July '10
.7
J
T
Steamer. I Destination. ' Sails. I Pier.
Santa Rosa. San Dle*o July 4, 11 amiPler 11
North Fork'Humboldt !July 4. f>am'Pl<»r *
Eureka ....IHumboldt |July 5, JpmjPlerl3
Walla Wal-iVJc & Pgt Sd.iJuly 5. 11 am;Pier j
Nom<» City. Iran* N'ome IJuly B. 10 am!
W. Kruger.iTll!amook JJuiy 6, 3 pmlPler !
Arcata Cws Bay July 6. 12 m: Pier 13
Serapls ....'Hamburg iJuly 6. 10 am Pier 7
Cocs Bay... Newport July 6. 9am:Pler23
Curacao ...(Mexico July 7, 10 am Pier U
Columbia . (Portland July 7. 11 am Pier 2»
Orizaba [Humboldt July 7. 2 pm Pier 9
St. Paul Cape Nome.... July 7, 2 pm: Pier 31
Corona ....iSan Diefto IJuly 8. 11 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. (Point Arena.. IJuly 9. ZpmPlerl?
Del Xorte.. I Portland 'July 9 'Pier Zi
AcapUlco ..!X. T. v. Pan.. (July 9, 12 m'PMSS
Nip Maru.'China&Japan'july 10, 1 pm : PMSS
Vmatllla ..I Vic & Part Sd.iJuly 10. 11 am; Pier 9
Bonlta jXewport [July 10. 9am;PierH
Steamer. I Destination. ' Sails. I Pier.
Santa Rosa. San Dle*o July 4, 11 amiPler 11
North Fork'Humboldt !July 4. f>am'Pl<»r *
Eureka ....IHumboldt |July 5, JpmjPlerl3
Walla Wal-iVJc & Pgt Sd.iJuly 5. 11 am;Pier j
Nom<» City. Iran* N'ome IJuly B. 10 am!
W. Kruger.iTll!amook JJuiy 6, 3 pmlPler !
Arcata Cws Bay July 6. 12 m: Pier 13
Serapls ....'Hamburg iJuly 6. 10 am Pier 7
Cocs Bay... Newport July 6. 9am:Pler23
Curacao ...(Mexico July 7, 10 am Pier U
Columbia . (Portland July 7. 11 am Pier 2»
Orizaba [Humboldt July 7. 2 pm Pier 9
St. Paul Cape Nome.... July 7, 2 pm: Pier 31
Corona ....iSan Diefto IJuly 8. 11 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. (Point Arena.. IJuly 9. ZpmPlerl?
Del Xorte.. I Portland 'July 9 'Pier Zi
AcapUlco ..!X. T. v. Pan.. (July 9, 12 m'PMSS
Nip Maru.'China&Japan'july 10, 1 pm : PMSS
Vmatllla ..I Vic & Part Sd.iJuly 10. 11 am; Pier 9
Bonlta jXewport [July 10. 9am;PierH
C ITlme! Time Time! ITlmei
» Ft.: Ft. Ft.! '
• HW JL. W H Wj II. TV
\*L
4 ... 4:39 8.5! 9:551 J.O 5:11 6.1 11:57
5 ... 6:58 3.3 10:33 2.4 6:4S S.2
L. W !H W t, \V H W
6 ... 0:50 1.5) 7:20 3.3 11:21 2.7 «:2Z
1 ... 1:33 1.0 8:34 3.4 12:16j 2.9 7:>>1
8 ... 2:23 0.4 9:33 3.«, List 3.1 7:42.
9 ... S:0;!— 0.1 10:23! 4.01 2:1S| 3.J! 8:28|
I
; 5. 1
)
.J
.4
.i
.7
5.J
5.4
Z.i
r f
"i j 1 ,.; — : — t i SI
19 ... 3:43—0.4: 11:07; 4.4 S:12i 3.1 9:11
Steamer. I From. I
I Due,
1 1
Columbia Portland
Coos Bay Newport
Wellington Comox
f
. Ju!y 4
July 4
July 4
Arcata ICoos Bay
Eureka (Humboldt ]
July 4
July 4
Warfleld IQystn Harbor -..!
W. H. Kruger.JSan Pedro I
Orizaba jHumboldt !
Crescent City... [Crescent City -..]
Corona San Diego "...I
UmatlUa Victoria & Pugret Sound
Point Arena — Mendoclno 1
Washtenaw Tacoma
Profcreso Taccma !
Tltanla jNanalmo j
City R. Janelro^hlna and Japan
Del Norte 'Portland I
,'July 5
iJuly 5
IJuly «
; July S
IJuly *
July 3
Jju'.y «
[July 9
iJuly 7
IJuly 7
T« -¦ ¦ lr*««- Tin IP
I T,.l« t
Empire (Coos Day ;
Tellus iOyster Harbor j
Newport INew York I
Bonita Newport
North Fork ... Humboldt
Ptate of Calif.. Portland
Vnlverae 'Oyster Harbor
July 9
"Willamette Seattle
Slam Oyster Harbor I
Strathgylo China and Japan 1
Santa Rosa jSan Dlepo f
July 9
(July !»
tJuly 10
[July '10
.7
J
T
AUCTION SALES
NEW YORK AUCTION CO.
, .; ,i 12O BATTERY STREET.
J. GOLLOBER. President.
Will Eell at Public Auction
1500 TESTS! 1500 TZNrJ ! 1*00 TENT3 !
ASSORTED.
ON PREMISES. J12 CLAY ST.. ON SATUR-
DAY, JULY 7, at 10 o'clock a. m.. in lota to
suit. On inspection FrMay". July 6. from - to
I p. m. NEW YORK AUCTION CO..
Auctioneers.Boy Drowned.
SACRAMENTO. July 3.-T he 12-year
old son of Jose Dias Jlra was drowned to
day while swimming In the river south
of the city. The body has not been re
covcred.
PLACERVILLE, July 3.— The Board of
Kuucatlon of this county to-day granted
certificates to teach In the:public schools
of the county to the following successful
applicants at the semi-annual teachers'
examination just closed lh this city: Miss
Tlllie Papin. -Miss Josephine A. C. Fornl,
John M. Outcalt. Miss Clara Tlnney, Miss
Inez M. Gray and Walter Schllea.
Granted Certificates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Suit was filed yesterday by John Cal
way against Charles T. Baker to recover
$10,000 damages for personal Injuries and
false imprisonment. Calway alleges that
on June 6 last Baker assaulted and beat
him and then locked him up in a clrtse
Compartment: the temperature of which
varied from 70 to 100 degrees, denied him
food and refused to release him for forty
eight hours.
Says He Was Imprisoned.
SPOKANE, Wash., July • 3.— William
Freundt. known as "Crazy Bill the
Butcher" when he lived In Butte severai
year's ago. hanged himself last night in
his cell In the State Penitentiary at Walla
"Walla. November 23 last he murdered hl«
friend and neighbor. August Xasprel near
this city. life ambushed and shot down
his victim, then burled his body beneath
a pile of rocks. He was suspected, ar
rested and last March confessed the crime
but would not explain his motive. He
pleaded guilty to manslaughter, ami
March 27 was sentenced to twenty years'
Imprisonment. Last night he secured a
short piece of rope and with It hanged
himself in his cell. He was dead -when
the guards opened his cell door this morn
ing. . ¦; :,; ¦¦¦>
Suicide of a Prisoner.
Special Dispatch to The Call
OAKLAND, July 3.-A. Sutler, an ex :
convict with: several aliases, was arrested
In San Franel&co to-day by Detective
Hamerton-on suspicion of being the 1 man
who boldly enteied J. P. Roblnson'astore,
at 111 Telegraph avenue, last Friday -after*
noon and stole a kit of piano-tuner's tools,
valued at $50. ' - /
Robinson reported the theft to the po
lice a short time after it happened, and
from the manner In which, the job was'
done It was decided that an expert was
responsible. Hutler served two terms In
the San Francisco County Jail and one In
San Quentin. He la a stranger In Oakland
and resides in San Francisco.
SUSPECTED ROBBER
BEHIND THE BARS
SAN* RAFAEL. July 3.— Dr. Emmett
Rixford of the Cooper Medical College of
San Francisco and Miss Louise C. Camp
bell were married at noon to-day In
Christ Church at Sausallto by the Rev.
II. Howitt. The bride Is the daughter of
H. C. Campbell. The wedding party went
from the house of the bride to the
church, where the ceremony took place.
The presents were many ami costly
The best man. "W. AV." Sanderson, pre
sented the bride with a beautiful diamond
crescent. After the wedding the party re
turned to the home of the bride, where
things good to eat and pleasant to drink
were spread In abundance. Dr. Rixford
and his bride will make an extended tour
up the coast, visiting Portland, Seattle
and other points of Interest.
Bride of Dr. Rixford.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
Miss Louise Campbell Becomes the
MARRIED AT SAUSALITO.
More Than Twenty-Five Hundred
Arrived at San Francisco Dur
ing the Fiscal* Year.
United States Immigration Inspector
North has filed his annual report of the
arrival at this port of immigrants other
than Chinese during the fiscal year begin
ning July 1, 1S99. and ending June 30. 1900.
The Japanese head the list with 2543, as
against Ia47 during the preceding year, an
Increase of 9D6. Next to these come the
English with 714. Germans 139, Mexicans
136, Scandinavians 128, Spanish-Americans
95, Filipinos 90, Slavs M). Portuguese "6.
Irish 67. Scotch G6, Russian and Finns 62,
Coreans 57, Italians 53, llawailana 40 and
French 34.
The total Immigration was 5163, as
against 3726 for ths preceding year, an
Increase of 143!).
There were 640 unable to reatf or write,
and 1050 Immigrants returning to the
United States. The total amount of
money shown was $330,930. The rejections
were 71 paupers.- 36 diseased. 9 convicts
and 143 contract laborers. "
JAPAN CONTRIBUTES
HALF THE IMMIGRANTS
LONDON, July 4.— A dispatch to the Ex
press from Bombay, dated Tuesday, says
that In all except three districts cholera
Is raging In Bombay presidency. The
cases reported for the week ending June
25 numbered 20.6S9 and deaths 12 333
CHOLERA IN ALL BUT
THREE BOMBAY DISTRICTS
BERLIN, July 3.— The town of Reck-
Hnhausen in Westphalia and vicinity suf
fered great damage yesterday as the re
sult of a cyclone. A number of persona
were burled under the ruins of their
houses. Several of the Injured died. The
town of Oer suffered similarly.
CYCLONE DAMAGES
TOWN OF WESTPHALIA
NIL.ES, July 3.— Manuel Pastor and his
wife, half-breed Indiana, became engaged
In an altercation over wages with their
employer, John Carr. last Saturday night,
and they are now in jail awaiting trial
for assault with a deadly weapon. Carr
says the Indians attacked him with a
shotgun and beat him into Insensibility.
They were with difficulty disarmed and
placed in jail. By way of retaliation the
two . half-breeds swore out a warrant
charging their late employer with assault,
swearing that he attacked them first.
THEIR INJURIES
WERE THE SAME
OAKLAND, July 3.— By the
breaking of a scaffold on
which they were at work this
afternoon, J. XV. Henderson
and K. Wlndberg, carpenters, fell
fifteen feet to a cement sidewalk.
Eatih of the men sustained a frac
ture of one of the small bones of
the right foot. A peculiar feature
of the accident was that the bones
broken were identical and the men
received no other injuries— not even
a. bruise.
Henderson and Windberg are In
the employ of M. Clark, and this
afternoon were at work on a build
ing at Sixth and Clay streets. Sud
denly the scaffold on which they
were at work snapped and they
dropped to the ground. The men
were taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where their broken bones
were set. •
Henderson resides at 865 Lydla
street and Windberg at 1617 Twen
ty-third avenue.
INDIAN FAPM HANDS
ASSAULT EMPLOYER
his father, who resides In Finland, two
sisters, Mary and Caroline Roos, and the
petitioner.
The will of Edward C. Hlsgen, who died
Jiirte 21, was filed for probate yesterday.
The testator bequeaths an estate valued at
$3000 to his widow, Katherina Ilisgen.
By the terms of the will of James C. B.
Andrew an estate valued at $5000 is de
vised to his widow. Ltbble Andrew.
Loss of the Schooner American Girl
Recalled— Wills Placed on
Record.
A petition for letters of administration
upon the estate of Victor Roos. master of
the lost schooner American Girl, was filed
yesterday by Charles Roos, brother of the
deceased. The petitioner, after stating
that the estate Is valued at 12500. says that
the American Girl left this port Jn Octo
ber, 1899. bound for Port Gamble, Wash.,
and after beirfg spoken fifty miles out was
never seen again. This, the petitioner al
leges, Is proof that the vessel went to the
bottom and that Roos perished with the
rest of. the crew. Roos' next of kin are
VICTOR ROOS' ESTATE
IS NOW IN PROBATE
NOTARY CRAIG WILL
BECOME A BENEDICT
Miss Florence Doud Choice of Man
Who Figured in Craven-Fair
Case.
The home of Notary Public liee D. Craig
at 645 Baker street will be the scene to
day of a Fourth of July weddlnp:. when
Miss Florence I?. Doud of. Southampton,
England, and the notary will be joined in
matrimony by the Rev. E. R. Dille of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church of Oak
land. . .
Mr. Craig gave his age to "Cupid" Dan
fort h yesterday as 40. but he looks the
wrong side of f>0. Miss Doud is 26 years
old and the daughter of a prominent
Southampton mill owner.
Mr. Craig fir-n met his bride-elect Jn San
Francisco, where she has resided for some
time with her mother. Miss Doud Is' a
charming brunette and very highly gifted.
The happy pair will take no wedding tour,
but will settle right down to housekeeping
at Craig"s home.
Craig is the notary who gained a brief
celebrity by the part he played In the
hearing of the Craven-Fair will case.
Hardware Men Elect Officers.
The Pacific Coast Hardware and Metal
Association has elected the following of
ficers for the ensuing term: President
Charles F. Tay of George H. Tav Com
pany; first vice president. Frederick Motte
of Motte & Hunt. Tacoma; second vice
president. L. C. Sheller of the TTnion Hard
ware and Steel Company of Los Angeles
third vice president, T. D. Iloneyman of
II. de Hart & Co., Portland; treasurer-
Joseph filoss of Miller, Sloss & Scott; ex
ecutive committee — Wakeiield Baker A
A. Watkins, A. L. Scott, H. J. Martin of
the George. W. Glbbs Company, W. R.
Wheeler, Andrew Carrlpan. George S. Sco
vel of the Lloyd-Scovel Iron Company of
San Francisco and Los Angeles; advisory
commlttf e — Brace Hayden of the Dunham.
Carrigan-Hayden Company. The advisory
committee consists of the ex-presidents of
which Mr. Hayden Is the only one up to
date.
Richard Reinschau His Name.
During the inquest yesterday morning
upon the body of Richard Westphal, the
old man who was found asphyxiated last
Saturday in his room in the rear of S** 0
Kills street. It was learned that his true
name was Richard Relnschau. The jury
returned a verdict that they had been un
able to determine from the evidence
whether it was a ease of suicide or ac
cident. The key of the gas burner was so
loose that It may have been turned by
Relnschau throwing the towel over the
gas fixture after drying his face and
hands before going to sleep.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Lil
lian M. Carter against Robert A. Carter
for desertion, Agnes J. Patter rtgalnst An
drew J. Patter for desertion. Lottie A
Chaffer against Thomas Chaffer for cru
elty. Hermlnla Bordwell against Walter
T. Bord.well for desertion and Lena Hum
bert against William E. Humbert for cru
elty.
Died From Poison.
George H. Marker, the dentist from
Woodburn. Or., who swallowed a dose of
cocaine In Golden Gate Park Monday
night, died at the Receiving Hospital
early yesterday morning. The body was
removed to the Morgue, where an Inquest
will bo held.
HiS HAND TOUCHED HIS
FRIEND'S LIFELESS FORM
Zx-Bartendcr J. Cummings Found
Dead in the Boom of
A. Ahern.
James Cummings. at one time a well
¦ \i: I artrader. was f'Mind d»ad late last
r.irht in the room of his friend. Andrew
Ahern, a saloonkeeper at 2>iS Howard
street,
< ummirgs had s^pent the evening in
Ah'-rn's K-sort. The saloon man did not
• mu'h attention to nis friends ac
llonfl end thought Cummings had gone
v in". When Ahern went to his bed
" m his hnnd in reaching for some
matrhos enc ninter^o a carpse.
'.vcstigntioi: showed Cummings half
undressed lying back on the l~d lifeless.
Ahfrn called In Policemen (TConnell and
MiK-Partland. who rang for the Morgue
K-ajeron. Cuxnmlngs had been In poor
I • ¦ ii for some time and a short time be
for< his d«-ath he told Ahern that he
thought he should s-»on die. Ahern i* con-
MdetaMy shaken »iy his grewsome dis-
Allyn Mclntyre Badly Hurt.
AUyn Mrlntrre while on hi« way to his
homo *X 7X <:iayton street last night vu
thrown fr-rin a dummy of a Haight-slreet
ear and received Injuries which may
prove fatal. At the receiving Hospital
U was round that his skull had been frac
tured. Tlir- j..,'j,,. w ,. re notified and Ue
t'ctive Cody was sent to arrest the grip
nun i
Beverly Botkin Arrested.
Beverly Botkln. mm of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin, the poisoner, was arrested last
right at the corner < f Market and Mason
ftreet*. and charge a? the ('itv Prison
with disturbing the ,,, a r" T h V voung
man was bombarding font passengers
with firecracker*, and when requested to
re- .derate his. Fourth of July ardor re-
M.rtod to vituperation.
ASKS TO BE RESTORED
TO HIS FORMER RANK
Sergeant William Price WHling to
Work for No Pay if Vin
dicated.
The Police Commissioners met last
night and took action on a large batch of
applications for liquor licenses.
The owners of the Reception saloon sub
mitted a plan to the board regarding al
terations in the place which the cominis
fcion considered satisfactory.
The application of Schwartz Bros, for a
renewal of a license for the Thalia Thea-
ter was reported favorably, but on condi
tion that at the. expiration of their pres
ent lease In January next they move to
other o,uartcrs.
Sergeant William Price, who was placed
nn duty recently ufter having been retired
on a pension, presented a petition to the
board asking that he be restored to his
former position as lieutenant. Price tear
fully related that he had been reduced
without being allowed a hearing and told
his superiors that he would willingly ac
cept the position on the pay of sergeant
or even without pay. lie testified that on
account of the Jealousy of Lieutenant
Ksola and the enmity of Former Com
missioner Mose Gunst he. had been re
duced without cause. On motion of Com
missioner Wallace action was postponed
for two weeks. The hoard promised to
Investigate the matter and give Price a
hearing at that time.
Andrew Uriggs, an ex-officer, filed a pe
tition asking to be reinstated In the de
partment. Hriggu was dismissed In 1891
during the trial of Captain WIttman for
receiving bribes from fallen women. He
claims that he was falsely accused of
writing anonymous letters to the eorri*mls
>ion apain.<t the Interests of WIttman.
The board took the matter under consid
eration. A similar petition of Joseph
Meyer took the same course.
Another Victim of Alcohol.
The dead body of Frederick Hellmer was
found yesterday mornhtg In a vacant lot
on Nebraska street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth Ftreets, and was taken to
the Morgue. Autopsy Surgeon Leland
found that death was due .to natural
<aus(-s superinduced by excessive Indul
gence In alcoholic llquor.s. Hellmer' resided
with his family at 22v9 Sixteenth street.
He had been on a spree.
A. O. Walsh Accused.
A. G. Walsh, who was employed by
Gray Bros, as collector, has left town,
and Mr. Jorgensen, who has a etable on
Taylor street near Geary, accuses the col
lector of having made away with a horse
and buggy belonging to him. Jorgensen
complained at police headquarters yes
terday and effortH are being made to ap
prehend Wals=h. ,
Tried to Stop a Runaway.
Lawrence Weber, a butcher at 43S
Fourth street, was delivering meat a
house on Sutler street, between Baker
and Broderlck, when his team ran away.
He caught up with the team, and while
attempting to Jump on the seat of the
wagon fell, and the wheels passed over
his left leg. breaking both bones, i He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital.
The building was a frame structure
three stories high, and several families
lived on each floor. When the fire start
ed It burned rapidly and the firemen
could do little either to extinguish the
fire or to save life.
Mrs. Wlnkler was badly burned while
clinging to her InfAnt. Her husband had
to drag her and the infant through a
window to save their lives.
NEW YORK. July 3.— Fire In the crowd
ed tenement, 127 to 131 Adams street. Ho
boken, early to-day, caused a loss of
twelve lives. Up to noon four of the
bodies had not been Identified. Three were
bodies of men and one was that of a girl
about 16 years old. The names of the
Identified dead follow:
JOSEPH NICOLA US. aged 23.
AUGUST BACHMAN. aged 24.
AUGUST BKNDKL. aged 25.
KLLA WINKLER, aged 1.
EDITH WINKLER. aged 5.
CHARLES WINKLER. aped 11
FREDERICK WINKLEH. aged 9.
WILLIAM WINKLKR. aged 6.
Out of nine members of the Winkler
family but four were saved— Mr. and Mrs
Wlnkler and their two children, John and
Martha, an infant.
But Eight of the Victims
Have Been Identified
Thus Far.
FIRE CAUSES
TWELVE DEATHS
IN A TENEMENT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 3.
While being hauled through Hays Can
yon yesterday a thresher and wagon at
tached were overturned. Together with
the four horses attached they rolled
twenty feet Into the creek below the
road. William Beck, the driver, and
Georgo Baker, 12 yars old, who was rid
ing on the machine, were caught in the
wreckage and bady injured. Beck was
pinned under one of his horses and was
hurt Internally.
The boy's right leg was caught by ti.e
tines of a hay fork and pinioned to the
ground. Despite the .severe injury the
youth managed to free himself and run
a mile down the creek for assistance, re
alizing the dangerous predicament of the
driver, who was helplessly caught in the
wreck and was in danger of being kicked
Or crushed to death.
Men responded to the boy'a calls for aid
and hastened to the scene of the accident.
Beck was freed from his perilous posi
tion and Dr. K. B. Smith, who had been
summoned from San Leandro, attended
the Injured teamster. Then the boy's con
dition was noticed and the severe nature
of his wound was disclosed. He had be
come exhausted from loss of blood. The
lad was given proper surgical treatment
and was taken with Beck to his residence
in Castro Valley.
Beck owned the machine and had start
ed only an hour before for work in the
valley. The' outfit was passing over a
narrow portion of the canyon road when
the thresher wheels slipped over the side
of the grade. The machine and the wagon
outfit pitched downward, carrying horses
and nil with them.
Beck Mill not die from his Injuries, al
though they are very serious.
Two Persons Badly Injured
Through Wrecking of
a Big Machine.
THRESHER AND
OUTFIT ROLLED
DOWN A CANYON
M. Delcasse in accepting the statue said:
"The thought of offering France a statue
of the hero who was the incarnation of
the virtue of his race could not but go
to the heart of this country. But it touched
it more particularly when coming from
the American women who unite per
fect valor with grace. I beg the women
of the Uqited States to accept with my
respectful homage the profound thanks
of the French nation. He whose noble
immobile image has just been unveiled
may perhaps be cited as an example for
the world, but especially to the citizens
of a democracy. I doubt if another could
be found in history who could reunite In
the same degree the equalities demanded
for the guidance of a free people."
The equestrian statue of Washington is
in bronze and about fifteen feet in height
to the head of Washington and twenty
two to twenty-three feet to the point of
the uplifted sword. Washington is rep
resented in full military costume taking
command of the American army at Cam
bridge, July, 1776. and dedicating his
sword to the services of his country.
The pedestal was designed by Charles
F. Mackin of Mackin, Mace & White and
is of Milford granite and Knoxville mar
ble and is about fifteen feet in height and
classic In treatment. The statue was cast
In bronze In New York by the Henry Bon
nard Bronze Company and the pedestal
was executed in the United States. The
architect Is an American and. the two
sculptors. Daniel C. French, who modeled
the figiire of Washington, and Edward
C. Potty, who made the horse, are both
American. The whole monument, there
fore, is essentially American.
Consul General CJowdey made the pres
entation and the French Minister of For
eign Affairs, M. Delcasse, accepted in be
half of France.
PARIS, July 3.— The ceremonies con
nected with the unveiling of the eques
trian statue of Washington, the gift of
"an association of American women for
the presentation of a statue of Washing
ton to France," passed of! to-day accord
ing to programme and under favorable
circumstances. Sousa's band was in at
tendance. United States Kmbassador Por
ter presided and delivered an address.
Presentation Speech Made
by Consul General
Gowdey.
BIG STATUE
OF WASHINGTON
IS UNVEILED
A tremendous sensation was created .in
the Mission last night by a report that
gained circulation there that a ferocious
bear was loose in the district and that
nearly all. the available officers of the Sev
enteenth-street station were trying to cap
ture the animal.
The "bear" was, in fact, a large black
dog with no ferociousness whatever In Its
nature. During the night George I'atti
son. notary public, who resides at 416S
Seventeenth street, opened his front door,
intending to step outside. The immense
iioR confronted him. and Mr. Pattlson mis
taking the animal in the dark for a bear
sprang back in fright and slnmmed the
door. The heavy canine walked up and
rfown the porch, and with sociable mo
tives tried to get through one of the win
dows.
Fearing that his castle was about to be
broken Into by a savage beast bent on
rending him into fragments, the notary
sprang ..tremblingly to his telephone and
transmitted his belief to the police sta
tion.
As soon as the exciting report was re
ceived Sergeant Griffiths and six patrol
men piled into a ¦wagon and a dasti was
made for the address given. Two of the
officers carried Winchesters, another had
a heavy rope and each of the others car
ried an extra revolver.
The armed posse found only the big.
jovial black dog when they flashed the
light of their lanterns on the porch at
No. 41C8.
Thev told the frightened notary the an
imal he had seen was not a bear and pil
ing their weapons, rope and lanterns back
Into the wagon returned to the station.
The officers say the big dog really
looked very much like a bear.
THOUGHT BIG
BLACK DOG WAS
SAVAGE BEAR
Mr. Pattison's Error Creates
Great Excitement in
the Mission.
The ruling also applies to Jockeys Bu
chanan and Ruiz connected with the
Sehreiber «taMes.
As a result of this change, Thompson
Bros, were compelled to put lightweight
J. Martin on] the Derby winner, Sidney
Lucas, after having engaged Bullman to
pilot their horse, and many thousands of
dollars of the public's money was prac
tically burnt up through the inability of
little Martin to contend with older and
stronger jockeys having mounts in the
handicap, either at the post or during the
ra.ee.
Mur-h unfavorable criticism was brought
about by Sehreiber claiming the services
of Bullman to ride Fly-by-Night on Sat
urday, after the horse had been ridden
by inferior jockeys and been beaten, when
favorite, by horses far below the class
of those he met In the Oakwood.
SInof the running of the Oakwood hand
icap at Washington Park on Saturday,
when Fly-by-Night, from the Sehreiber
StAble, beat the track field opposed to him
and incidentally won Jlo.OOO in bets for
Plunger I'Homrncdieu. there has been
much comment by racing men on the in
consistent performances of the winner.
At the same meeting K. D. Morse was
ru!e<} off the turf. Morse's offense was
the abusing of one of the officials about
a trivial matter. -,
CHICAGO. July 3.— A sensation was cre
ated in turf circles to-night when th*.
Washington Park stewards, at a special
meeting, decided to refuse Barney Schrei
ber. ore of the most prominent bookmak
ers and horsemen in the West, and Steve.
l'Hommedieu. the plunger, the privilege^
of the track, and ordered the removal of
Schreihcr's horses and stable attaches
from the grounds.
Ppeeinl Pif-patch to The Call
Well - Known Turfman Is
Barred From Washing
ton Park Track.
SCHREIBER IN
TROUBLE WITH
THE STEWARDS
Melville Held to Answer.
OAKLAND. July 3.— Robert Melville,
known to the police as the "estuary
pirate." has bef-n held to answer before
the Superior Court on a charge of bur
glary. Police Judge Smith fixed his hail
at $2W0. Melville is accused of stealing
two anchors from a scow owned by Cotton
Brothers.
Wife Seeks a Divorce.
OAKLAND. July 3.— Eva Rosewarne
commenced suit to-day for a divorce from
James Rosewarne on the ground of de
sertion.
ner. They have issued two hun
dred Invitations to a barbecue and picnic,
which will be held between the hours of
noon and 5 p. m. on that day.
The celebration will occur in a beautl-
WOODLAND, July 3.— W. B. Gib
son and wife, among the oldest
settlers in Yolo County, propose
to celebrate the Fourth of July
In an original and unique man-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mr. and Mrs. Gibson are both natives of
Missouri, and their old-time ideas of a fit
ting and appropriate manner of cele
brating the ration's birthday do not
square with the commercial spirit which
influences most of the celebrations of to
day. They have been residents of Yolo
County since lWi. and are among the moat
popular and influential citizens of the
Sacramento Valley.
ful grove near the family residence. The
principal feature of the dinner, which will
be an elaborate one, will be barbecued
meat.
OAKLAND. July 3.— All of the Salva
tionists about the Bay of San
Francisco will celebrate this
Fourth of July In Oakland. The
Salvation Army celebration will bo in
honor of Adjutant and Mrs. Crawford of
Salt Lake City, t'tah, who will take
charge of the Oakland corps of the army,
the first organized in California.
The celebration and reception will be !n
charge of Colonel Evans, and the entire
headquarters staff and band from Snn
Francisco will be in attendance. Special
services will be held at the little church
on Ninth street, between Washington and
Clay, that is in charge of the Salvation
Army.
Adjutant and Mrs. Crawford are old
Salvationists. They were originally in the
New York district, and were there as
sociated with Maior Mllsaps.* now the
editor-in-chief of the Paoitic Coast War
Cry. They have lately been in Salt Lake,
where they are very popular.
Commander Fnot'h-Tucker will arrive
from New York during the latter part of
the month, and will speak at the Oakland
Tabernacle on Julv 29.
MR. AND MRS. W. B. GIBSON, WHO WILL GIVE A BIG BAR
BECUE ON THE FOURTH
ADJUTANT AND MRS. CRAWFORD OF SALVATION ARMY.
"Methuen reports from Paardekraal, on
the Heilbron-Kroonstad road, that he has
captured the commander of Dewet's
flouts, two prisoners and Andre Wessels,
the head of the Afrikander Bund."
"PRETORIA, July 3.-General Hunter
reached Frankfort July 1 without opposi
tion and MaeDonald joined him there yes
terday. He found two men of the Sea
forths and eighteen of the Derby militia
in the hospital. They had been well
treated by the Boers.
The following dispatch was received this
afternoon at the War Office from Lord
Roberts:
The War Office to-day Issued a return
of the British casualties In South Africa
since the beginning of the war. The to
tal losses, exclusive of sick and wounded,
have been 29,706. of which the killed in
action were 254 officers and 21,403 non-com
missioned officers and men; died of
wounds, 70 officers and 610 non-commis
sioned officers and men; missing and pris
oner?, 05 officers and 2624 non-commis
sioned officers and men; died of disease.
133 officers and 4204 non-commissioned offi
cers and men; invalided home, 844 officers
and 18,433 non-commissioned officers and
men.
President Kruger, replying to a corre
spondent at Machadorp, who Inquired if
there was any truth In the report that he
had opened negotiations, wrote: "The
President and people of the South African
Republic most earnestly desire peace, but
only upon two conditions: The complete
Independence of the republic and amnesty
for colonial Boers', who fought with us.
"If these conditions be not granted, we
will fight to the bitter end."
Strathcona's force on July 1 received Its
baptismal tire. In which one trooper was
killed. Captain Cooper Is reported as
missing.
LONDON, July 4.— Nothing" decisive ha3
yet been heard from the columns seeking
to hem In General Dewet. All of Lord
Roberts" field transport is engaged appar
ently in supplying these columns. Opera
tions elsewhere will necessarily be de
layed. One thousand .Boers are hanging
on General Clerys right flank In his ad
vance to Ureylingstati.
War Office Issues a Complete Return
of Casualties in South Africa
Since the Beginning of
the War.
Roberts Reinforces Columns
Moving Against
Dewet.
BOER FORCES
ARE MENACING
CLERY'S FLANK
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. July 3.
To determine -whJch one of a score or
more of young men who desire an ap
pointment to West Point at the hands v!
Senator Perkins shall be so honored a
competitive examination will be held next
Thursday morning at 'J o'clock in room
1>>, on the third Iloor of the t-ivil Kngin
tering Hall of the I'nivcrslty of Califor
nia, at Berkeley. Any young man be
tween the age of 17 £>nd 2'J years la eli
gible and needs to give no formal notice
of his wish to compete. His ap;>earanc-i
at the hour Itt for the examinations will
be sufficient.
The examinations are in charge of th-'i
comrefittee appointed by Senator Perkins,
consisting of Professor Prank Soule, John
K. Olasceck and Dr. E. L. WhecW-r. Ap
plicants will be examined by Dr. Wheeler
as to their physical qualification and if
they meet the Government requirements
will be subjected to a course in mathe
matics, history and geography, An alter
nate w>ll he chosen In addition to the suc
cessful candidate.
The appointment is to he made by Sena
tor Perkins in accordariCe with rhe recent
act of Congress authorizing each United
States Senator to select one young man
for West Point honors As there were a
number of applicants for the cadetship
Senator Perkins determined to prevent
politics from entering into the matter by
selecting a committee to conduct an ex
amination.
Th«» successful candidate must be an
nounced by July 10 and must report to the
commandant at West Point by July 25.
Committee of Three Appointed by
Senator Perkins Will Decide
Upon the Youth to Be
Honored.
Competitive Test to Deter
mine the Successful
Applicant.
CANDIDATES FOR
WEST POINT ARE
TO BE EXAMINED
was paid to them.
Frits Ferdinand Heinrich Krouz. the
thin] officer of the Phoenicia <>f the Ham
h^iw-Am^rican line, to-day went before
Recorder Stanton in Hoboken and made
thp following affidavit:
I am the third officer rt the Hamburg-Amori
csn line ffamfhlr Phoer.!"ia. Bow at the Ham
l jrR-Arr>PrIcan d-xrk. HobckPii. On Saturday.
June 3\ at atxmt 5 o'clock. 1 lPft thp Meain
ehip Phoenicia and went out to the end of
l><vk SCo. 2. I went to one of our lifeboats
which was al-ineside the burning Fhip Saale of
t!-.» North <Jerman Uoyd line.
I saw a tugboat at the end of the rier. I
£«fce<l the oaiMa'n to put me on b^ard the life
boat sp.ken of. He said. "Yes, all right; I can
<'. r < It."
I »f-; OB the tupb>at. called Dandy, an<l was
poingr up to the i-il..thou*;e and was showing
tb« pQol wtnTf I wanted tn go. We rut away
from the dock and had covered about half the
(•¦•stance. The captain of the tugboat l>andy
then paltl. "Have you any money to pay me?"
I answrfil: ""It Is BO u*e for me to fairy
rfi"r,ey white on board the ehii>. I liave none
n :ny jxwket. I only carry m-mey when I go
ashcre."
Th* ray-tain of the D*ndy, «n»0 w-as in the
' -:>f at the whee). then raid: "'I have no
Time (or yu 1 have otter business to look
after. I inuft rut you back 'H fhore."
Then r>« turned the boat bark and t^ok a
• n ha^k tn the pier .•£.,- I begged and
Impiorei him to give heiji to save the men
¦rba mrm «:i boarl the Fteimer Haale. He rf
tupei. i>nl reaching the pier 1 got off the boat.
The togfenal l>-irvly later returned and the cap
taic t ijm. st-d me to again go on board the
luf loal and he w.-uld take me over to the
• ¦ • imboat.
From the tirre he first took me until he re
turnml and again offered to take me to the
h'oanisV.i;! about ha'.f an hour had elated. I
v .).. ;p ii^-mint and refu?"iJ to again fro on l.nard
th» l<*n !v
"his Statement of Third Officer Krouz is
corroborated by Dr. Rudolph «Jrahn. the
i hvsi.-i.'in of the Phoenicia; also by Chr^s
t< ih'-r 'ierkens. the steward of the Phoe
nicia, and Oscar Heuntschel, steward of
the
Henry Socket ad t. a lonsshoreman at
work at th*> North German Uoyd piers,
also made a like affidavit.
Mayor Fagnn of Hoboken says that as
coon as th* 1 two witnesses to the affidavit
of Third officer Krouz can be brought be
f'TT- him and prove the charces he will
b*gfn Immediate action against the tug
1 oat captain.
Tugboat captains deny the*" statements.
and ofr«-r a reward of ROM for proof that
win convict any tugboat captain of cruel-
liayor Fagan Says He 'Will Prosecute
Captains of Tug Boats Who
Refused to Aid Drown
ing Men.
? -
SCEW YORK. July 3— One hundred and
two bodie* have bepn recovered from the
w.-itrrs of North River up to 10 o'clock to
ritrht. this boirip the list of fatalities posi
liwly known. The list 1? growing hour
! y h.>ur. and to-morrow, wlien the tide Is
at its lowest, it is beilevod thai a Kreat
irany more bodies will be recovered. The
dead to-night are distrihutod among the
rrmrpues in Hoboken, Jersey t'ity and
>>"f>w York, and on the steamship Saale
there are three bodies which have not
been recovered.
AH day to-day the work of pearching
the ruins was kept up. The officials of the
N'Tih li^rman Lloyd line wore doing
everything they could to strainnten out
matters and bring things into some sort
of tanjrlble -chape. Their main efforts
wore uirocted to taking car«* of the »ur
\ Ivors and to securing an accurate list of
the mining. They looked after the
transportation to Germany of the sur
vivors who are in a condition to go. They
also wvp to them clolliins and fed them.
Official action was to-day*Ftarted on the
charges of cruelty against tugboat cap
tains, and also on the charges that they
r» fused to rescue persons unless money
One Hundred and Two
Bodies Have Already
Been Found.
SEARCHING FOR
VICTIMS OF THE
HOBOKEN FIRE
WILL CELEBRATE THE GLORIOUS
FOURTH IN A NOVEL MANNER
Mr. and Mrs, Gibson Invite Two Hundred
'Friends to Be Their Guests at
a Barbecue.
WILL GIVE RECEPTION
TO NEW COMMANDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1900.
9
The uio«t wonderful aphrodlalao and SpecUJ
Tonic for Use Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseas«s of tb« KM.
tey» and B'addcr. Bella on Ita own merits.
NABKR. ALTS & BRUNE. A«*nta,
IS Ilarkat »t.. 8. B\— (Stnd (or Circular.*
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT KtaiVlUUVS. 1.NV1UU4U.
tcr and Nenrlne.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
fcjr The Large* t Anatomical Museum In tfi e
jjjJL^ World. VVe»*ne«*e« or any contracted
Sfj M d;"-r;nf p«?*ifl»r!y tuim) f y ths oliiiit
JV; y| Specialist cn 'hi Coaw. Eit^yaws
J1«%5'A c3.:gsb/>j»--?ejvats disease*
?(5"*5fS'5 CiMultation f-r~ and ?rrv fly prh-ire
I {?&Y i4 Tt* "men* personally or hy letter. A
I Or «3 1} *%••"•• Curs li» every case onitmaken.
U // llfrt Wrltht 3-mjIc. PIULOHOVU Yet
B } • iif AnniAGE, mailed fuse. ( a
n lh vmiuabte book for mrnj
DIC. JORDA5I A CO.. HIS! Market St. S. F.
Open Evening*.
338-340-342 POST ST.,
REDUCED^ PRICES.
FREE DELIVERY WITHIN ICO MILES.
CARPETS
Near Po-wetl.
BF*tLUANT'S
FURNITURE
THE LIBERAL CREDIT HOUSE.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A POPULAR MISTAKE
Begarding Remedies fo- Dyspepsia
and Indigestion.
Th» national dl?ca«=e rf Americans is Jn- I
digestion or in its chronic form dyspepsia^ i
and for the very reason that It Is so mm- '
mon many people neglect taking proper !
treatment for what they consider trifling ¦
Momach trouble, when as a matter of !
fart Indlg^etion lays the foundation for !
?i]-;r:y Incurable diseases. No person with i
a vigorous, healthy stomach will fall a !
victim to roi^uniptlon. Many kidney dl.«- j
eases and heart trouble? date their begin- :
liing fr"m poor digestion: thin, nervous !
j*>ople are rt-ally so localise their stom- !
aehs are out of gear; weary, languid, j
faded out women owe their condition to j
Imperfect digestion.
\Vh>>n nearly every person you inert 1<?
Bftlirt^d with weak digestion It Is not sur-
prising that nearly every secret patent j
vm-<]'.( ine on the market claims to be a cure
for dyppepsla, as well as a s=core of other
trouble, when in fact, as Dr. Werthler
Bay*, there l« but one -enuine dyspepsia
cure which Is perfectly fflfe and reliable,
and. more over, this remedy is not a patent
medicine, but It is a scientific combination
. f pure pepsin (free Srntn animal matter).
Vegetable essences, fruit salts and bis-
:/>.mh. It is sold by drupcists under name
i f Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets. No ex-
iravaear.t claims are made for them, but
for indigestion or any stomach trouble
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are far ahead
'¦t any remedy yet discovered. They act
OH the food eaten, no dieting Is necessary.
fimply eat MI the wholesome food you
Want and these tablets will digest It. A
cure results, because all the stomach
reeds Is a rest, which Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets eive by doing the work of dlges-
free trial packnEes to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematura
loss of strength rnd memory, weak back,
varicocfle or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It is needed.
It cures all #the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to tha
State Medical Institute. 328 Klektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of thHr free trial pack-
ages will be compiled with promptly. Th >
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
preat class of m<»n who are unable to
leave home to be trpnted. and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it Is to be cured of «exuaj weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. Tha
Institute mali^ no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
thnt Its recipient r.eed have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State MeUical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distributt*
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
American-made clocks and watches are
now shipped direct from American ports
to every quarter of the globe.
a:md
FOK
«J£aaB* INJECTION. |
I A PERMANENT CURE f
S of the most obstinate cases of CkraorTtuca ?
? and Gleet, pnarinteed Jn from 3 to Q C
< days ; no other treatment mjulred. <
S Sold by all drasrs^«t». 5THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1900.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock e\-ery night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ZT1 Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay; or*n until 8:C0 p. ra.
rW' Hay** street: rpen until 5:^3 p. m.
»T"S McAllister Etrect; open until 9:30 p. m.
it; Larkln street: open. until S:30 p. m. i
jf'41 Mission Ftreet; open until 10 p. m. ;
2X1 Mission etreet, corner Sixteenth; open j
tBtil 9 n. m. i
108 Kleventh Ftreet; op«"n until 9 p. m.
I'flS Valencia Ftrrff. open until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftrrets; open until 9 u. !n.
MEETING NOTICES.
1IOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. and «
A. M.— Stated tr.epting THIS (WED- *\
N'ESDAY) EVENING, at S o'clock. 7t>\
THEO. FROLICH. S«c. /V>
CROCICrrTT Lodge Xo. 12*. V. »nd A. <¦
M.— FtatM mating THIS (WEDNF.5- Jf%^
HAY) EVENING. July 4. At <:«/^j\
o'clock. H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. '^*? *
EXCELSIOR Ix>dze No. l«j. F. and A. m
U.— Stated meetlnc THIS (WEDNES-^V,
LAY) EVENING. July i. at ":3'JTtJf
r'ciaok. THEO. E. SMITH. Sec. /V'
EHSLL yimr.d Park. i>rk<?l»-y. July s "QT
4. •Mchtrer.th grand annual Bather- 3^, uJi
Ing and games of the S. F. Scottish Vjior
Thistle Club. The greatest affair of *
the kind ever before witnessed In America.
Ornnd pa'a day of Scottish sports. Three I
thousand <5oliars in cash prizes; eleeant and j
<x>yt:y medala for amateurs. Grand ball and |
alftpUr of firewirks in the evening. Games {
r.^*n to n;i-rr>Tr.ers. Adir.iFsion to park (day).
«<1-jHs C0c- children under 12 years. 25c. Ad-
rr.iFSion (right), nriults. T-c: children. 10c.'
Buy your ferry tlrkots for Shell Mound Park. !
UEORGE W PATERSON. Recorder. I
SOHS HO??. Royal Chief. j
ANNUAL me'-tiTic— Th- rftrular annual meet- [
ing of tbe stockholders of The Pan Francisco i
and far. Jcaquin Valley Railway Comoany i
will be hf'.d at the office of the company. No.
rri Market *t.. San Francisco. Cal.. on j
TCESDAT. the 17th day of July. 1900. at the
J:ct:r of 11 'o'clock forenoon, for the purpose |
rt electing a Board of Directors to serve for j
t)ip ensuir.R year, and the transaction of such j
other buslnp^s as may rome before the meet- i
ir.p. ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secreta-y. j
ASTROLOGY. ,
MRP. Fail!i» Dnr.n. scientific aFtrologist, ctrlctly j
r*>liaJ 1<» on a»l matters nertalrilng to life and I
tmriTieyy: horosrrre rvadir.rs. SI. :71i Sutter. j
ATTORMCYS AT LAW.
R. TV. KIN'G. attorney a* law. $17 Market St.,
r oojn r;7; Vrtatf-*. damages, attachments, j
hankruptcjr. collections; all cases; fair fees; j
ro fcdranee charges; money loaned on estates. I
AI'VICK free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without pucce^s; collections. G. W. |
HOWE, ntty pA law, (Z-0 Market, cor.Stockton. |
A1»VI«"E free: r.o charge unless successful. W. j
\V DAVIDSON. T27 Market St.. opp. Masrn. ,
3.. S. CLARK. Fmma Fpreckels bldg., ?27 Mar-
J;et ft.: conFUltaticn irer ; no fees In advance.
At •TOMOniLKS. I
ArTOMOUILES— Fn»d WARD & SON.
> cents. 4t FrT.--.orit ft.
gPATU _5^An^FTJ»;
ROBINSON J5. 4-rane! folding: door opens; firm
tr.d fafe, W. ?. EROWX. gen. «gt.. 4^6 EUls.
BELGIAN* HARCS.
BELGIAN HARES!!
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
t.riccs. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HAKE
ASSOCIATION. Al.irr.eda. Cal.
TnKVONT Belgian Hare Co.. 1134 Fillmore St.. !
t-'r.n J'ranciRco, CaL— One of ihe few reliable
firm? handling Belgians.
CHOICE PEDIGREED BELGIAN HARES;
ch«-nr- 10CSS Gutter St. •
GOLDEN GATE; BELGIAN HARE CO..C03 Gol-
4 &en Gr.:-= ,ive.. S.F.. 100 rabbits lor sale cheap.
(UGH FC.ring. jje.lisreed Ftock. reasonable.
Hoyal Iint.Mtry. ZU Ooidon Qate avf.. S. F.
HOOKS — SEW AMI OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. I
Hilm*-* 'Book On . 7M Mission fit., near Third. I
UISINESS CUANCES.
A BARGAIN ¦ FOR~A QUICK SALE.
GENERAL STORE.
Grc-cerirp Hardware, Feed and Coal.
Will Inventory About $5000.
F-Ftalilifhed xine Years.
In Fuburbs of Oakland; rents only S23 per
mr>nlri; —11 and tnrire taken out in trade: ail
carli busineFF; owner going away to look after
mining Interejts; paye a tine income; can ex-
ten<3 the bufinr-ss without limit; fixturps &00,
stid pert or all of ttock by Inventory at
vnolesaie prices.
<jeokge vr. Atrsmr & co..
Reel Estate Brokers,
IOCS Jjroadway. Oakland.
FOR pair— In live mining town of Sonora. coun-
ty seat. ir«- cream and candy fartory with res-
ness in country! making money; no opposl-
tirr.; splf!ili<l importunity fcr man & wife; In-
vestigation solicited; owri*T wlrhes to *»:l at
once account ck&BML STENUF.RG & CO.. »S5 ]
Mat ket. or P. O. box SU. .Sonera, Cal. |
A-?TATl(»N'r:iiY and branch bakery: bargain;
eeULb. 7 yean. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A— CORNKR grrf^erj' and bar; building and lot; j
a bargain. OQWIXO & CO.. 71* Market et. i
JC',0— WELL lccated and. good paying saloon: j
nicely lined up; full Investigation allowed; a
tacrilice: parties leaving fur Nome: trial i
given. MCLAUGHLIN &. CO.. 777»* Market. I
ty*' — PARTNER wanted in a flrst-class saloon '
cne Hock north of Market: owner leaving for j
Europe. Call K. G. WILKE. 26^4 Keaniy st. j
ISMr-FJHTIT and vegetable Ftcn»: fine horse and
wpf-on: fine business; best location In city;
Rreat baigalr. LANE & <X>.. S63 Market et.
FITsH oft.ibliFhed butcher business for gale
in rountry town; reason for selling sickness.
Apply <"all office.
A RJSSTACTXANT for saJe: also living rooms.
13G Second Et.
CIGAR s^and f or rent cheap. Opposite rail-
road depot. Third and Towr.send Fts.
FOIt sale— A strictly xooa business: restaurant;
ICC- chairs aid feeding ICO people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon:
lodKirs-house, 34 rooms, newly furnished;
lir.m oppartontty to make money. Inquire
.American Bakery and Restaurant. Baker*-
«»ld. Cnl.
FOR Fale— Ulacksmith shop In prosperous town;
Uoir.g good business; r.o opposition; best of
reawons for selling. Address F. B., P. O. box
607. Sacrmnwnta.
Id rent— For coal yard. mllV depot, etc: line
locntior. : place If entirely covered: contains 3
nali*: r>T.t only tli: water fr»e. Inquire WM.
HKxnr.icKPOy * co.. ci4 c«n tidg.
UEADINU hotel in Monterey; 2i rooms, parlor,
dinlns-room. kitchen, bar: completely furn.:
will rent. «e;i or exchange. For particulars
•rrit* JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey. Cal.
A-t:7r,: BRANCH baker;' and delicacy Ktcre; 3
living rooms, with water; rent $12. 4?S Sixth.
OTARROL. «M— Shoe shop for sale; estab-
IIeIiM flvp yrars; a rare chance; call at once.
PATIN'O fruit etore for pale. 130 E1*hth st.
Fort rale — Cipar Ftore fixtures and two r»rtly
furnished housrkeeptng rooms. 29 Ninth st.
CANDY s=ton» for rale; good stork and fixtures;
low rent: no agent*. 13S Hayes Pt.
IJON'T mis* the tripods and lamps at the
BACKl'fc STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
COFFF.K and tea routes eupplisd from GEO.
W. CASWKLL & QQl; U2 Sacramento st.
CI-ASFIFIED aflvertlsemert? and subscriptions
re<-eived at Call branch offlc*. 22TO FIHmore st.
LOOGIKCUOL'SES FOB SALE.
A ROOMIXC-IlOfFE; fine location: central
pun dty. COWING .t CO.. 71!« Market Ft.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BLTTOxK
Jirt. of al! kinds of phota buttons and Jewel-
~ry: wholesale and retail: nend for catalogue.
Min'.sture Iv.rt.raU Co.. ?I3 Market n., S. F.
CABPCrr ItEATIXG AM) CLKA.M.\G.
V.'JIKN' you become disgusted with poor work
peri'l to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpct-Beat-
ir.g Works, X3-S57 T*;harna St.; tel. S. 4<X
HANITAKY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
241-344 McAllister St.; pbone South 14*.
J. K. MITCH I'LL Oart*t-Beating and Reno-
vaiinar *'<>., C40 Hth «.; teL Mission 74.
CITY Rteaxn Oju^et- Beating Works, o] IL
i-:TEVK.vy. arr.. 2i-tO 8th Ht.; tel. South 2M.
J. KeQCEESTS California. Carpet Cleaning Co..
CS Stevenson st.. tel. South 2T8; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c rer yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTOS'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie *44.
ADVANCE <~arpet '"leaning Co.. 4CJ Sutter et. ;
tel. Main S?4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
C'ON'KLIN"S Carpet -Bratine Works, 333 Golden
<Iate avf-.; t*>;>hone East 126.
CARRIAUKS AM) WAGO: S.
ALL kinds of wacons, buggies, carts, harnesi
Ptc.. cheap. EAGAN It HON. 2117 Mission «l
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single for sale
cheap. Call at L32 Mission Bt.
NEW & 3d -hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses, lith & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
WYLLIE, the Los Anseles photo medium. 330
Ellis. 10 a. ra. to 0 p. m., Sundays included.
MRS. KOTTER. spiritual medium: sittings; G.
tU L. 50c; clr. Mo.. Wed.. Frt. lto. 34 Sixth.
MRS. DL'NHAM. medium: readings dally; clr.
Tues.. Fri.. 2. 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
THIS week only— Full'slttlngs 25c. WATSON,
medium, palmist. 15S1 Market st.. near ]2th.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test.bustnoss
medium, life reader; Bitting. $L 1104 Market.
A WEEK'S newB for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 paces, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the well-Rnown trance me-
dium, permanently located at 205 Turk St..
may be consulted on all affairs of life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions: unite the separated: satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk
et., near Jones.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never fails: has the greatest, Egyptian
sc-civ-t: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 11C7 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil &: second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c,
gents $1: palm. & clair.; sit. $1 60. 126 Turk at.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader: past,
present, future, 2oc. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MME. ZERF.DA, the gypsy, is the great palmist
and card reader, 2ic. 5 Seventh st.; no sign.
YOUNG clairvoyant, card reader; Thursday.
Friday. Saturday only.' 86 Everett St., nr. 4th.
MME. RL'TH. great prophetic card reader, 50c
70S Ellis st., near Larkln.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 9?1V6 Mission. op.Mlnt.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader: palmis-
try; truth or no pay: 25c & DOc. 1149 Mission.
MME SCHAFFEU. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212H Sixth St.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hu?-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
Vet ft., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plater, extractions free. $4 50 up: of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fining?; extraction or fillings by my won- |
derful secret, painless method; 20- years' ex- i
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
mnde: old i>!ates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. !'. : rrowna, S3: filling?. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. lfXil Market ft., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1641 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BCZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs bearded. Tel. West 636.
DILCREELY'S CP.mar.ge cure and worm pills
by dn:cgists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gateav t
DRESSMAICERS ANO SEAMSTKKSSES
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1013 Market St.. above Sixth.
PARISIAN' dressmaking. 3S7 Geary St.; dresses
made. $5 up; dr<^s<»s made over; perfect lit.
MME. REMBERT. E30 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school: any pattern cut to measure.
S F Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
AOCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post. over O'Connor&Moffatt.
XTOLL.ECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FINE cottage. 5 rooms and basement. 113 Ash
ave.. near City Hall.
COTTAGE 3 rooms and bath. SS35 Twenty-
fifth St.: rent 19.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stsnford professor. Phelan building.
ALL students but two taking full course this
vrar got positions. SAN" FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St. j
AYRES*. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket ft.; life fcholarfhip, $50; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 303 Larkln St.:
the coming school; thorough: up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
1 vey. assay, cyaplde. arch.; day. eve.: est. 1864.
\ VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
j SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lycum Theater, 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd. to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BL'SINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poet St..
¦ S. F. ; founded 1S63; S0-paee catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School of Experts;
fh.crthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat'Iog.
LE JErXE Art and Crafts School: modeling.
df*?l frying, carving: all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: J5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese erop. offlce — Uest help
furn.: domestic s*>rv. 417 Powell: tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese h*-lp. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce:
b»-ft help furn.: • tel. John 2121. SOfi',4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Bert h»lp. 4UH O'Farrell ?t.: tel. Eaut 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED PBMALS.
WANTED— By reliable woman, work by the
day. housecleanlng; good laundress; $1 10 day.
Box 3T-90. Call office.
AMERICAN' wants washing, ironlng'or house-
rlranlng by the day; $1 and car fare. Address
731 Folsom st.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
E2l Mission st.. room 1. . . ; ¦
ELDERLY lady wishes position as housekeeper
for small family; short distance In the coun-
try. Box U93, Call offlce.
NEAT Japan~!»e riris want situations to do
housrwork and plain cooking. 1329 Pine st.,
Japanese Mission.
A PERFECT Vienna dressmaker wishes work
In private families. Address H. F.. 2116 How-
ard Ft. Tailor made suits a specialty.
SITUATION wanted by a competent cook at
cocking anl general housework. Call at 3760
Diamond st., near Moss ave., Oakland.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 116 Sixth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenrla st.
EMPLOYMENT 1VANTED — MALE.
ONE who has had home experience In mak-
I Ing bread and can mold would accept some
j position In bakery; not less than $40 per
month. Box 2535, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS cook and assistant seeks steady
situation; country hotel, mining or railroad
camp; ulf>o firm-duss baker; highest refer-
ence. Box 1S38. . Call offlce.
A YOUNG man of refined appearance wants
situation as coachman and gardener on July
15; reference. AddresH Box 11, San Mateo, Cal.
A FIRST-CLASS engineer .wants position In
city; does not smoke nor drink; best of ref-
erence. Box 3J&C. Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery and bar hand wants
a position; has the best of references. Box
-3i97, Call offlce. -
BARBER, young man (26) seeks steady sltua-
, lion; good workman; city or country. Ad-
dress Box 1&37. Call offlce.
YOUNG man. 21. wishes employment after 4
p. m. : attendlnfg school during day. Ad-
dress R. O. B., box 31S9, Call offlce.
WANTED— By an active, middle-aged man to
cook, small place. Box 3599. Call offlce.
GOOD all-round cook wants a place; city or
country; colored man. Box 3600, Call offlce.
CAKE baker wishes position; understands or-
namenting. Inquire 175 Linden ave.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A COOK wants a .situation for the country;
understands baking bread. 1301 Santa Clara
ave.. Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes position In
family or boarding house. Address Jim, 735
Sutter Bt.
PAINTEPi nnd paper hanger, first-class me-
chanic, with complete set of tools, wants
work by the day; city or country. Box 1895,
Call office.
BAKER first-class foreman, wa#ts a place as
such: bread and cakes. Address 225 Third
Ft.. Oakland. ]
A BRANCH offlce fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. *•:¦-'-¦¦• ¦> ¦ _^___ m ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market (near 7th)— Examinations free;
German eye water by mall, 50c; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 257. ¦'¦' •'. ¦'
EYES examined free: spectacles properly ad-
Jugted. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottage*, etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO., 6«7 Market st.
793 Halght. f. « r...$l5: 726 Bush, f. 4 r.$12 50
72 Webster, f. 6 r.. 26 3354 20th. f. 5 r 11
679 Geary, f 6 r...27 50 250 H Tehama. f. S r. 10
669 Geary, f. 7 r 31' 132 Scott, f. 6 r — IS
A— SrROOM flat; corner: sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Third.
ASH ave. 125, between Polk, Van Ness. McAl-
lister and Fulton; modern 5-room flat. ¦*. "¦' ".
GROVE, 14— Few steps from City Hall; ele-
gant sunny, top flat. 6 rooms and bath.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
¦LOVELY sunny 5-room flat; rent $20. 219V4 Elm
ave.. near Van Ness and Golden Gate.
NINETEENTH. 3SS0. 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro-st. cars— Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room flat: sun all day; rent SIS; water free.
SACRAMENTO. 2410, near Webster— An ele-
gant 7- room flat; modern Improvements.
BUNNY upper fiat; 8 rooms; bath: all sunny;
rent 125. Cor. Broadway and Larkln St.
$12—5 ROOMS and bath; In good repair. 1718A
Leavenworth «t.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
highest prices for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 8353.
HKLF WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN~& c6?.7.'Ph6neTgRANT 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
25 waitresses, city and country. $20 and
$25; 4 chambermaids to wait, city and coun-
try, $20; 3 fancy Ironers, $30 and found
FA MILY DEPARTMENT
tO house girls, city and country, at wages
from $10 to $25. C. R. HA.NSEN & CO., 1C4
Geary st. - ; .-' ¦.•¦¦
2 GOOD German cooks with city reference, $30
and $25; girl to do downstairs work and cook-
Ing. $20: general housework girl. $25; young
nurse girl. $20. MISS J. F. KELLY, 413
Powell St.. near Sutter.
GOOD home In the country: light work; fam-
ily of three adults; washing out; permanent
home as one of family to a middle-aged
Protestant woman; wages $3 to $10. Address
WER, care of Benicla Tannery, Benicla, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework In
country. 2626 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Smart girls to work. Apply 141
Fremont st., after 9 a. m. Thursday.
MIDDLE aged woman to cook for three
children and take care of house; German pre-
ferred. 2129 Lombard st
WANTED — A Protestant woman for house-
work. Apply at 579 Harrison st.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady In ladles' un-
derwear depart. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. S2V4 Fremont St.;
no exeprlence necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Cough
and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
Etat? experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H.. box 1S24. Call offlce.
WANTED — Girls and young women for light
work In laundry. Apply Monday morning at
1E19 Eddy st.
NEAT German girl for general housework;
wages $20. uOG Castro st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., bet. 13th and Hth sts.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 10* GEARY ST.
1000 men, new R. R. work $2 a day
for State of Nevada -. ...Bakersfleld
Coast road, Santa Barbara County
S. P. Co.'s own work, Los Angeles Co., and..
all divisions
ship dally fee $1 free fare
farmers, woodsmen, miners, machine men,
dairymen, cooks, waiters and kitchen help....
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED to-day— Dishwasher, $25, free fare;
vegetable man. $23 free fare, both for first-
class country hotel. -
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MAX and wife for ranch; wages $45. Call
Thursday, MRS. CATTELL'S Employment OC-
flce. 1.25 Eighth St.. Oakland. .-. -.¦ ,*
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the
ages of 21 and. 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States, or
persons who have legally declared their In-
tentions to become citizens; able to read,
¦write and speak English properly. For furth-
er Information apply at the Marine ?tecrultlng
Offlce, 40 Ellis Bt., San Francisco, Cal., 630
K st., Sacramento, Cal., or 1008 J at., Fresno,
Cal.
MAN and wife without children for fruit
ranch; woman to look, man for outside work;
a good place for a plain, working' couple;
none others wanted. Address FRUIT
RANCH, Box 2099. city.
WANTED — Laboring men and* teamsters for
steady work In city; good board and lodg-
ing. Apply 503 California Bt., room 3 or at
stable, 627 Fourteenth Bt. No fee.
YOUNG man with one year's experience In
barber business. GRAND CENTRAL HO-
TEL BARBER SHOP, San Rafael.
WANTED— Steady elderly man to make him-
self generally useful at Hotel Repeller, 781
Suttfr st. .
YOUNG man In grocery store for counter and
delivery work; must have experience; wages
$8. Address box C97. Call offlce. »
WANTED — A coat or vestmaker to take half
of room at 935 Market street, room 16.
WANTED— First-class waiter; call early. Cal-
ifornia Restaurant, California Market.
¦WANTED— A waiter at 15 Third St.; MAR-
TIN'S.
WANTED— First-class wire mattress weaver;
steady work. Apply 71S Mission st.
-WANTED— A waiter. Call early. 135 Fifth st.
STRONG intelligent German night porter; $20
and found. 321 Grant ave.
NIGHT cook wanted. 225 Grant ava.
BARBER wanted. C Market st.
WANTED— Japanese servant to do 'work around
house. 1332 Market et.
A COMPETENT man wanted to take charge of
the delivery department of a large retail
home. Apply 3S91 Call Office.
GET your nhoes half-soled while waiting. 23c to
&0c. f.CI Micslon at., bet. 1st and 2d sis.
BARBEP.S— $150, two-chair shop doing good
business; cigar etand; laundry offlce; 2 11 v-
lng rooms; $13 rent; sec It, 1405 Devlyadero.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanic* t& know
that Kd Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 2Cc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
STEADY reliable man for best paying busl-
necs. $35 to $100 per month; Swede or Ger-
man preferred; $350 required.' Apply Mc-
LAUOHLIN &. CO.. 777tt Market at.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard St..
AN Industrious party with' $150 as partner In
business; pay $3 day from start; Investment
Becured. McLAUGHLIN-fc CO.. 777% Mrkt.
WANTED — Good . barber; Bteady > Job. SAM
WITT. 2313 Santa Clara ave. Alameda.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters: apply
early Monday at 627 14th st.', near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
HELP WASTED- M ALE.
A— MURRAFX^KA^YTr^H^N^MAIjrTsis
Leading Employment and Labor Agents, .
WE SHIP FREE
7263 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington. Arizona, Hawaiian Islands, Ore-
gon. Nevada and British. Columbia
FREE FARE AND OFFICB FEE ONLY $1
and no other expenses to Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara districts, we ship you to-day,
9 a. m. and 5:30 p. m.; for S. P. R. R. labor-
ers and teamsters..: $2 and $2 25 a day
COME ONE— COME ALL
FREE TO
Salt Lake City (Utah) division.... free
Wadsworth (Nev.) division free
Sacramento (Cal.) division free
Western, Fresno, Madera, Bakersfleld divi-
sion free
Coast divisions of California... free
Truckee division of California, also Dun*-
rnuir free
laborers, teamsters, etc., regular wages paid.
offlce fee- $1 :.: free fare
FREE FARE ....CALL EARLY
86 drillers and Miammersmeiv. $73
150 laborers. Inside work, free fare 160
25 hard-rock miners $75
MURRAY & REA DY. 634-636 Clay et.
150 LABORERS for sawmills and woods
fare paid
CO men handy with tools, flume building
23 single hand miners $75
15 machine miners $90
150 laborers, no experience required, for gold,
silver and other mines, $35, $40 to $50 and fd..
: MECHANICAL HELP '
26 blacksmiths, horse shoers and helpers, $30
to $60 and found; wagon and carriage mak-
ers .....wood workers
cabinet makers coopers
2 millwrights, large company, city..
coremaker brick molders
250 laboreru and teamsters for all parts of
California and city Jobs, $175 to $2 50 day
FOR CITY FACTORY
10 laborers, no experience required, $1 75 day,
board home : .-.
......AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
350 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $20 to
$35 and found: haying and harvest hands, $1 25
to \i day and found; butter and cheesemak-
ers and milkers, $30 to $40 and found
sheep herders choremen and boys
CO stablemen, buggy washers and hostlers;
come down and get our lists containing 7236
different jobs. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay at.
HOTEL.. ..LAUNDRY.... and OTHER DEPT'S
4S cooks, city and country... .$35 to $60 and fd
waiters, hotels, restaurants, etc., $30 to $40
and found /.
butchers $30, $35 and $40 and found
candy maker steward
bakers, second hands and helpers
4 waiters for the mines. $30 and found; any
one will suit
washers, Ironers, starchers and markers for
laundries $30 to $40 and found
lunch counter man, etc
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
READ our special advertisement containing
7236 Jobs, which will appear In this paper to-
morrow morning. MURRAY & READY, 631-
636 Clay st." 4
WANTED— Strone t>oy to work In store and
offlce. Address Box S592 Call.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
ALL sizes men's shoex, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office.- 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. -
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Siile
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses, Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 pounds: the horses can be seen now at
the Stanlford Stables. 308-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugsles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth et. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A NEW lot: 25 driving and work horses from
Haggln's ranch; matched pair pacers. Sales-
yard, 1732 Mkt.. CHASE & MENDENHALL.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlera or
business at CANTY'S, 2170 Market St.; Castro
st. cars pass the door. - •_-
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard st., nr. Third.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; Bend for clr-
• cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BAY-WINDOW houpe. 4 rooms; 212 Perry St.,
near Fourth: rent $10; water free. Apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
GUERRERO 18, northwest corner— 8 rooms
and bath; large grounds.
HOUSE of 4 rooms; rent $S; water free; 720
Willow ave. Apply 626 Eddy at.
RARE chance; house, 8 rooms and bath.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Mkt.
$14— A SUNNY home; water free; garden. 641
Dolores st., near Twentieth.
LOST AND POUND.
TAKEN— Saturday, June 9, 1900, from Califor-
nia st., near Montgomery, large brown horse;
blind In right eye; white 'hind feet: heavy
buggy, painted dark; $25 reward and no ques-
tions asked if returned to JAMES BOYES &
CO. , 108 Clay st.
LOST— Last Saturday evening, gold chain with
purse attached, on Golden Gate ave.. below
Lnrkln, or on Market, between Taylor and
Powell. Return to 3335 Twenty-first st. ; suit-
able reward.
STRAYED— From the Boston ranch, 400 Cam-
bridge St.. one red cow; reward.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL removed to 446 Eddy «t.,
with Mrs. Dr. Guyer. the well-known • and
reliable ladles' physician; guaranteed treat-
ment at office, $5: a home for patients before
and during confinement; consultation free;
hours, 9 to 6 and 7 to 8; Sundays, 10 to 2.
448 Eddy Bt.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
casrs successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. After all others fall
call on him. 1023V4 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist.
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
puccess; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007% Market st., near Cth..
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office, $.">; any allment;-consultatlon free; con-
Ildcntlal. 012 Post et.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. M.- ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
clallst; home in conflnment; safe and reli-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DH nnd MRS. DA VIES, 122S Market; ladles'
¦ physician; chronic diseases treated x m late
scientific methods: treatment. $5.
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sanl-
tarium,704 Sacratnento,cor.Kearny;advlce free.
Dr. James Pierce, 2C5 O'Farrell. rooms 2 and 3 —
Female specialist; home or offlce treatment $3.
NICE reliable home for confinement; reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WISE (YS), the ladies' speclall«t. HIS
- Market St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
. eases of the human body. US Mason st.
POISON oak cured In one application or no
» pay. 469 Hayes at. -_^
BI1SCELLA3ROUS — FOR SALE.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 Cal.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSII & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand; we always I
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can Bhlp everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAX, 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue. ¦
FOR Sale-2 windmills and pump; 10,000 gal.
tank; pipes from 1 to 2 In.; flower bulbs and
plants at low prices. Six; Mile House, San
Bruno road. Sunnydale Tract. ¦ ;
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny »t., near.Plne.
FOR Sale— Al fresh cow. 20 Bonita Bt., oft Polk.
between .Vallejo and Green.
FOR Sale— 1 good 36-lnch screw cut metal
lathe, cheap, at 323 Mission St. - .
WATER pipe. 3, 4. 6 Inches: In quantities to
'suit. THOMPSON. 40 Main St., -
•SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices , for.
PORTLAND LOAN. OFFICE. 25 Stockton. st.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A.'HARTTER. G13 Examiner. bldg.
CHP. gasoline marine engine complete; almost
- new; cheap. II. S. WHITE, C1C-51S-C20, Mission.
LADY'S hat trunk for traveling. $12 50. PORT-
. LAND LOAN OFFICE.' 25 Stockton st.
EDISON • concert phonograph — Reduced price.'
$75; concert records. $1 SO. Bactgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE^ engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
A— BUYS, sells or renta gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear, at. j
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit. J10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery 8t.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
A" 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
. air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HORSE and buggy wanted; must be In good
condition; horse gentle. 39 Leefoe Bt., near
Ingleslde courBlng park. :V* '.*=
SECOND-HAND pool or billiard table; any
size. Address box 3598. Call offlce.
IY you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN, 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 33 mort-
gages, undivided -Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages-and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terrife before doing business else-
where R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life Insurance. Room 16. first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main Ib44. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HBSTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell Bt.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON furnlture^nd pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 69, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange, 431 Calif.
ANY sum. 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 603, Examiner building.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market St., solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2J mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley"Co., 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
,\> MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
W^^AVE~XltE^L~BTR^ATN',"1T^hXrs^hat
you want: fine large Mahogany Upright for
$1S5; If you biiy at once you'll get the bargain.
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.
CAMPERS should take along some of our fine
Sllkene strings for Banjo; they excel In tone,
strength and quality; 30c per set. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
WE sell Olympla Music Boxes, and all other
kinds Jf musical instruments on Installments;
come and see, even if you haven't much money
to pay down. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763
Market st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
ever}' grade from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, $6 cash, $6 per
month; other pianos, $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakla'nd.
PIANOS at cost; owing to the dull season now
upon us we are accumulating a large stock of
rental pianos; these, together with a number
of samples sent us from factory, will be
closed out regardless of profit; a better op-
portunity has never been offered; terms very
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Far-
rell gt. ..
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLEH & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'FarreM St.; pianos, organs and
all other muslc/1 instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. m
IF you want a piano of standard make cheap,
ranging from $75 up, take advantage of our
closing out sale. SPENCER'S, 1818 Market st.
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be snld this
week for storage; offers wanted (cash or In-
stallments). Wilson's Storage Co., 1710 Mrkt.
SELLING out regardless of cost— Entire stock
of pianos; store to let; fixtures for sale.
JAMES KEEFFE, 1019 Van Ness ave.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Hamil-
ton pianos. 30S Post st., opp. Union equarc.
A BEAUTIFUL upright piano, nice tone, me-
dium size, $100. Room 21, Flood building.
BARGAIN — Good piano cheap; installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101, 6 Eddy st.
W. O. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.T agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and now. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Steinway, 1 Chlckerlhg, $190; installments
$5 to $10; rent ?2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos, $5 payments;
for rent, $2 up. BRUENN, 203 Post St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FALBIISTRY.
; j.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to 8. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
TASTURAGE.
300 TO 500 acres green pasture, clover and wild
grasses mixed, for horses or cattle. For
terms apply A. B. FULLER, Antioch, Cal.
PERSONALS.
RELIABLE American woman desires to know
an honorable elderly man who would furnish
a flat or rooming house and take board; home
comforts. Box S594, Call offlce. ..:>:..
JULIA — Letter In general postofflce for you.
Address me there. JOHN S.
SWEETHEART— For God's sake let'me know
whifre you nre. DEARIE.
PRIVATE — A home in confinement: removed
from the bustle and din of a large city; pri-
vacy which cannot be obtained at hospitals
or sanitariums; physicians having patients
desiring to administer medical services them-
selves can do ro; country patients solicited.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted heater. 34
Kearny St., room 11. cures nervousness, In-
somlnla. blindness. Bright'* disease, rupture.
ELECTRIC lights In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 BO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca keeps the hair In fine
condition, 35c not. ; Lederer'R Foamo Sham-
poo can't be beat, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
AHLBORN House, 313 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
ing German-American hotel of San Francisco;
$1 per day and*Up: finest meals In city. 25c.
AN elegnnt suit for $10 73 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market Bt.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
$2 50 LADIES' shoes for $1 50 a pair at the linn
HIVE SHOE CO.. 717. Market wt.. near Third.
LEDERER, the popular hair dresser, gives
you the very latest hair styles for only 25c.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom H9L
WILL pay cash for old sealskins. Box 4313,
Call offlce. ¦ - .
LEDERER sells the very best switches at the
very smallest price, from $1 up.
SUITS to order on ensy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., Examiner building, room 407.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
S10 Market ft., second floor, room 37.
ALFREDUMS » Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color, $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlng.old gold and silver bought:
send postal. COLEMAN'S, 106 Kearny st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2C06 Pacific ave..
between Pierce and Scott; phone Steiner 3391.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplirs. . itiicKus
• « turtle. 11 Geary St.. ground and top floors.
PHYSICIANS ANO SURGEONS.
DR. C.C. O'DONNELL— Ofllce and residence,
1021H Market Bt., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
YOUNG surgeon to make professional tour thro'
Mexico; splendid opportunity. Box 1SS9, Call.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
*V , ; 633 Market Street.
SPECULATORS, ATTENTION. ,
A FEW LOW PRICED PROPERTIES WHICH
MUST BE SOLD.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
$1,300— Reduced from I1.T50: worth J3.000:
Prefty cottage of 4 rooms and bath and
basement: lot 23x110 ft.; rents »12 per
month; Eighth ave., near Clement.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$1.400— WORTH J2.00O
Make offer: pretty cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; on Twenty-seventh, near Churcn
street; lot 25xlO5ft.
SOUTH OF MARKET COTTAGE.
JISCO— 1 WORTH J2.E00
House 7 rooms: one-half block from New
Postofflce: lot 2Jx75 ft.
POINT LOBOS AVE. FLAT AND STORE.
J2.C0O— WORTH J3.W0
Make offer; store and flat of 5 rooms and
bath; all modern Improvements; rent 125
per month: near Second ave.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
J2 900— 1. WORTH J4.000
Near Scott and Waller sts: 2 elegant
modern flats of 5 rooms and bath, porce-
lain tubs, tiled mantels, etc; pays 12 per
cent.
TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER
AT PRIVATE SALE.
S flats of 4 and 3 rooms; lot 33:9x73 ft.; Clara
st.. near Sixth: rents J47 50 per month;
all bids must be presented at our office.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO SNAP.
$3,750— WORTH $3,000
Best business block on Railroad ave.;
store and 5 rooms and upper flat 1 rooms
and bath; large lot.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. .
639 Markt Street.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. _^
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
MARKET STREET CORNER.
Near City Hall; 27:9x137:6; a splendid oppor-
tunity: only $43,500.
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and on easy terms; get par-
ticulars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$27.500 — Pacific ave. residence; elegant modern
residence. 17 rooms. 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
1 " ,': ' A FINE INVESTMENT.
$32.600— Thlrd-st. corner: 137:6x137:6; store and
flats; good Improvements; rents J2C0.
$37,500— Folsom at. corner: manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages: rents $170: lot 100x37 :«.
$11.000— Rents $113; Castro st. corner; stores
and flats: lot &C\S<V
AN OFFER WANTED.
$32C0— Rltch Bt.: 5 flats; rents $«2 50: lot 22xS0.
JGOOO— Rents $65; Natoma et.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$26,000— Price reduced; Washington st. resi-
dence, with fine marine view; large garden:
sun all day; lot 127:6x137:6; don't fall to Bee
this property.
$2750— Richmond .district; entirely new; 2 cot-
tair<»s: modern In every respect: easy term?.
$3250— Sunset district; 2 handsome new mod-
ern residences. Just completed; 6 room* and
bath and basement: lot 23x120; easy terms.
$4000— Steiner St.. near Ellis; cottage 4 rooms:
VACANT LOTS.
$3000— Van Ness ave. ; corner; 32x103.
$15.000— Presidio Heights; corner: 137:6xl27:S!i:
fine marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$325O- I MU1 Valley cottage/ 5 rooms and bath:
partly finished atttc: large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery Bt.
$5300 — MODERN 9-room house In choice location
on Waller St., near Pierce, 1 block from
Halght-st. cars; finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings. 2 wood mantels, hard-fin-
ished basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash.
balance $50 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
VERY cheap— Bush Et.. east of Larkln; nice
large residence, or could be turned Into flats:
very sunny; 30x137:6. Apply on premises, 1223
Bush st. ¦'
FOR sale— Northeast corner Waller and Shrader
sts. ; improved four stores and two flats: brings
10 per cent on Investment. Owner, 624 Shrader.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st.
MODERN cottace of 5 rooms and bath. See
owner at 141 Twenty-seventh St. - -
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
ACCURATE personal knowledge: each of the
30CO ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list More than all other agents put together
In S. F. N. P. SICKELS. Land Agt.. 6 Peary.
EIGHTY acres level and partly drained tule
land near city; fine for speculation; cheap.
Address H-, box 1833, Call office.
FOR sale— Good-paying Investment: country
hotel; rented at $30. For particulars apply at
southwest corner Eddy and Taylor sts.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE, Lease or Rent— 160 acres land; 6
miles from Callstoga; plenty of wood, water
and grass; 6 acres Improved; house 4 rooms
and outhouses; In exchange for city property.
Address J. H. BROWN. 333 29th St.. S. F.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FOLSOM, 658— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; range.
FOURTH, 225— Nice' housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms.
GREEN. 417— Three sunny connecting rooms;
neatly furnished: sunny yard; quiet place; $10.
HOWARD, 1061—2 sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; running water.
MISSION. 143(V— 2 laree sunny housekeeping
rooms: rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 712—2 to 4 nicely furnished
housekplng rms.; complete; gap, bath; phone.
POLK. 532 — Large sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap. t^\ ¦-_ y ¦--.'¦¦
POWELL. 1401—2 or 3 large Bunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; kitchen, gas and bath.
SIXTH. 119A— 4 connecting rooms with piano:
furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
KOOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Recms
25c to $1 per night, $1 23 to $5 per week, and
llKht hourek»ep!ng; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
ELLIS. 837— Sunny bay-window room for 1 or
2 gentlemen, with or without board; priv. faro,
FIRST. 413 — Single and double sunny rooms; $4
and $8 monthly.
FOLSOM, S34— $1 week: large sunny furnished
room; running water; closet; bath; private.
FOLSOM, 965. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbL
FOURTH. 222VS— Nicely furnished rooms; $1
week and up; moderate; quiet.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or prngle; travelers acco'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission »ts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites: single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KINO, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 9S9, cor. Cth— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable; by day, week or month.
I JONES. 117— Large front sunny room; 2 closets;
also smaller room: private.
MCALLISTER. 513. nr. Van Ness ave.— A new-
ly furnish-. I front parlor with gas; use of
bath; suitable for 2; respectable only.
MINNA. 342— Nicely furnished front room-
suitable for 2 (rent*.
MINNA. C67, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room^$l per week; transient.
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny large front rooms. jS;~un-
furntshed; closets; «ee them; other room's.
O'FARRELL, 20-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.,'mo.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.: suites or sin-
gle: transient; running water; rates reduced.
ROSEDALE House. 319 a rid 321 Ellis St.— Rooms
night. 23c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night!
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis M.-Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room ami laiifes'
parlor; rooraj, per night. 35c to $1 50: week J"
to $8; month. $3 to $20; elevator on office floor"
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. '
SACRAMENTO.* 643 — Neat furnished rooms-
private family; $1 and upward.
SAN ANTONIO— Up-to-date fireproof buildlnsr-
elevator; new furniture; ocean water baths :
suites and single rooms; appreciated when
seen: popular' prices. 21 Taylor st.. near Mkt.
• SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished, "
i SIXTH. ISC— Furnished front and back parlors-
suitable fcr doctor's offlce or dressmaker. '
SUTTER, 572. rear— 3 sunny unfurnished rooms-
call after. 6 p. m.
TURK. 1428 — Large front room, nicely fur-
nished; sun all day; private family; refer-
ences required.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. nnd Unfarn.
TAYLOR. «11 — Elegantly furnished rooms;
suites or single; prices reasonable.
THE OAKS. 113 Third— A go*"! rooming houss
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch cfflce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOUb v a-
lencla -st.
~ rooms am) uo.vna
CaTiFORNIaTsOT— An excellent opportunity to
secure particularly desirable accom. at mod-
est rates: special rates families: sunny ma..
en suite or stnglej_bgst_table in San Franctsco.
HOTEL DENNISTON. corner Valencia and
Twenty-first at*. ; warm belt: choice sunny
rooms: single and en suite; J^> and U and
up; flrst-clas*.
THE BRADBURY.V5O4 California-New modern
family hotel: excellent table: lOu beautlfuljy
furnished room.": moderate: phone Hyde -'..1.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3377. near Mission-Nice! y
furnished sunny rooms, with or without
board, at very reasonable prices.
LAS PALMAS. l<O0 Market st. -Suite of 2 cr 1
rms.: private: bath: sin, rma. : board optional.
MASON. 12A— Hoard nnd rooms, $3 CO a week
up; home cooking-
SPECIAL NOTICES^
and abandoned girls from Wareh 31 to Jun»
30 W: Marrietta E. McKewen. 4 years J
month-: Sarah C. McCarthy. 13 years 8
rnonihs Mary E McCarthy. M year, 5
52K En^E.^hfr^V « ¦£*£?
Bertha C. Fisher. 7 year* i months.
BAD tenants ejected teW*ea****«»g**!i
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
ro. 4ir, Montgomery St.. rooms J>-1<1; tel. 5^3.
gEwi.NG MA " I " ES . AXU scrl>ljlEa :
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing S™ 1 ?""
tee<l. Chas. Plambeck. 1315 Mission, nr. lath.
ALL kinds bcusht. sold, exchanged rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 20» Fourth st. )
STORAGE A>D WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storag* and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Flllmore St. ; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 7*2 Mission St..
tel. Main 1S4Q— Packing, moving and storage.
•IVI'EWKIIER* AMJ MiPfLlM.
G^EAT^BXRoTLNsl^TraW^ER^-W.
sell better machines for less nioney than any
house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main Z68.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
1-40O NEW modern house of « rooms, bath-
room and laundry: hardwood finish: 1 block
from university and Berkeley station. Sea
owner at 1911 Addison st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
SUNNT HOME IN PIEDMONT.
IIKO-Modern Eastlake cottase of 3 rooms,
with high basement and northwest corner
lot; only 1 block from the cable cars; a very
cozy, comfortable place; occupied by owner;
can be seen at any time; Bee photo at office;
terms can be arranged.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate Brokers.
1003 Broadway. Oakland.
jnnO-JRENTS $23 per month; comer store witn
flat of 5 rooms and stable; good business lo-
cation; 5 blocks from Broadway: very sunny;
street work all done; good tenants.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate Brokers.
1CQS Broadway. Oakland.
BUT DOWNTOWN FOR GOOD RESTS.
$2100— Pays $24 per month: 3 flats of 5 rooms
each within two blocks of Broadway, down-
town; pays over 13 per cent; owner away and
anxious to sell.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
2 PRETOLT furn. sunny front rms.; private
family: aristocratic neighborhood; all mod.
imp.: gaa and elec. lights; 2 mln. walk frora
broad or narrow gauge stations; refined gen-
tlemen desired: would probably board;
terms reasonable. Box 1S36. Call office.
OAKLAXD rlU.MTlllB FOR SAT.E.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco. At a. regular meet-
Ine of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held July 3, 1900, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30, 13C0, at the rat»
of seven (7) per cent per annum, payable on,
and after the 16th tnst. Transfer books will
be closed from the 10th to the 16th lnst., both
days Inclusive. GEORGE GRANT.
July 3. 1300. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANT, CON. A dividend. No. 19. of sev-
enty-five cents (73c) per share on the Issued
capltai stock of the company has been de-
clared payable at the office of the company.
430. California street. San Francisco, on July
10th. 1900. Transfer books close July 3d, 1900.
at ijoon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, corner of California and Sansome sta.,
for the half year ending June 30. 1900. has de-
clared a dividend of 5 per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits; C per cent on term de-
posits; 10 per cent to Class "F" stock, and 13
per cent to Class "A."
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — Security Savings Bank. TZ7
Montgomery st.. Mills building. For tha half;
year ending June 30, 1D0O, dividends on term de-
posits at the rate of three andslx-tenths (3 8-10)
per cent per annum and on ordinary deposits
at the rate of three (3) per cent per annum.
free of taxes, will be payable on, and after
July I, 1300.
3. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Hibernla Savings and Loan So-
ciety, corner Market. McAllister and Jones
ets.. San Francisco. June 27. 1300.— At a reg-
ular meeting of the Board of Directors of this
Society, held this day, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-el*nm
<3',») per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending June 30. 19CO. free frora
all taxes, and payable on and after July 1.
1900. ROBERT J. TOB1N. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 15
Geary st.— The directors have declared tha fol P
lowing semi-annual dividends: 3.6O per cent
per annum on term and 3 per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, payabla on and
after July 2. lMOi ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Post st. For the halt
year ending June 30. 19C0. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three (3) per cent
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Monday. Julv 2. 19C0.
. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
"William A. Hurry. 33. Clo-vla. Fresno County,
and Flcra Brysn. 24, Clovis. Fresno County.
Secor.do Benedettl. 2% 5S3 Fourth street, and
Tereslna Venturt. 2», 3t'2O Twenty-sixth street
Oomenico No<-ettl. 26. Vallejo. and Emilia
AramMe. 20. 4:29 Minsion street.
Lee IJ. Craig. 46. city, and Florence B. Doud
:6. city.
Edward Sparledear. 41. Sacramento, and
Llnnle C Leake, 2X Los Gates.
Bt-njamln B. Sturdlvant. 30. 72C Octavla
street, and Nettle C. Daly. 81. 23T» Pierce street
George W. Crowe. 32. 114 Hawthorne street*
nnd Lizzie E. Mitchell. E. Toronto.
Samuel C. Newberry. 60, city, and Isabel
Sewell. £0. Salt Lake City.
Phillip Brett. 24. C38 Natoma street, and Annie
Goldman. 19. 221 Franklin street. nle
Charles San berg 2S.24D A Clara street. anU
Agues S. Carlson. 20. 1S07 Octavia street
Edward Bailey. 32. «0 Hardie street, arid Liz-
zie Gray. 20. 197 Corbett avenue. t
Henry II. Knowles. 20. 22S Shotwell street
and Agnes R. MeCullough. 20. 226 Shotwell It
John Melster. 30. 2636 Mission street and
Cella A. Berwert. 20. city «reei. ana
BIRTHS— MABBIAGES— DEATHS.
™ B , i i rth i'.i InaiTiag 1 and death notices sent by
£ It I xt£ Ot *? . ! h 3Crte l l i They must be handed
SrtSL i r ,k°'.K te publication efftces and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have_the same published.
BORN. ,r
_Q£_Fred_MllIer. a daughter.
MARRIED. ~
CROWE-MITCHELL-In tals city. July S.Internal Revenue Collections.
Internal Revenue Collector John C.
Lynch reports the collections in his dis
trict for the month of June as aggregat
ing $344,262. an excess of $49,318 over the
collections for June, 1S99.
A Small Blaze.
The Mission division of the department
was called out at S:10 last evening to ex
tinguish a small blaze at lllOVi Stevenson
street, caused by the upsetting of a coal
oil stove. The house is owned by- a Mrs.
Donohue and occupied by C. Nelson. The
damage amounted only to a few dollars.
ARRIVED. v
Tuesday, July S.
Br >tmr Wellington, Salmond. . 78 hours from
Comox. .
DOMESTIC PORT.
TACOMA— Sailed July 3— Bktn Newsboy, for
Honolulu: schr Man* E Russ, for San Kran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND— Arrived July 3— Stmr Maripo
sa, hence June 13.
SHIELDS— Sailed July 1— Br ship Ben Deary,
for Santa Rosalia.
SLIGO— Arrived June 30— Ger bark Blrma,
hence Feb 21.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 2— Br atmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
ACAPULCO— Sailed July 1— Stmr Newport,
for Ban Francicco.
PORT GLASGOW— Sailed June 28— Bktn Alta
(new), for Newcastle, Aue. •
LIVERPOOL— In port May 26— Br ship Alcin
ous.-for San Francisco.
Large Export of Alcohol.
During the month of June 419,845 gallons
of alcohol were Imported Into Japan from
the United States, the revenue on which
aggregated JSOO.COO. This large Importation
of the American-made product- was" made
necessary because of the failure of the
potato crop in Germany, which forms the
supply of raw material for. the alcohol
made in that country for manufacturing
purposes. The Japanese want the alcohol
as an ingredient in the manufacture of
smokeless powder. • ', *
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued From Page 8.
Around the Links.
The second competition for the cup pre
sented by Prince Andre Poniatowski to
the P.urlingame Country Club as a trophy
for women golfers will take place to-day
on the BurlinRame. links. The contest
will; be over eighteen holcs^edal play.
Last year the contest took piffce on July
3. and there were ten competitors, of
whom six were members of the Burlin
game Country Club, two of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club, while the Oakland and
San Rafael Golf Clubs each contributed
one. The cup was won by Miss : Alice
Moffltt (now Mrs. Doubleday) of the Oak
land Golf Club, with a score of 56 for the
first round and 60 for the second or a
total of 122. Mrs. R. Gilman Brown was
second with 127. The play -will begin in
tho morning and will probably take about
four liours. Mrs. R. G. Brown and Miss
Alice Colden Hoffman of the San Fran
cisco and San Rafael Golf Clubs and Mrs.
J. W. Bowers, the first woman
of Southern California, are the three
players from whom the winner is most
likely to come. '
On the links of the San Rafael Golf Club
there will be a. handicap for men and also
for women.
Hibernian Reunion.
The reunion of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians will be held at Schuctzen Park
to-day. The schedule of games and races
includes twenty-nlno ovents and the pate
prize list numbers seventy valuable arti
cles. The following: named comnoso the
committee of arrangements: J. J. Dono
hoe (chairman), Hartley Lee, J. J. Mo
ran, J. C. Ryan. John Coughlan. John P.
Hpnry, T. L. Clancy, M. J. Manning,
Frank Conklln. P. J. Kelleher. D. Fitz
patrick, M. Dunne, E. I. Sheehan, T. J.
Norton. Dr. C. J. McCarthy, Rev. D. O.
Crowley, J. P. Dignan. Thomas P. O'Doud
and "W. O'Shaughnessy.
In Aid of Stricken India.
The Orthodox Ladles' Endeavor Society
of this city expects all its friends to as
sembls In the parlors of tho Russian
Church, 1715 Powell street, on Thursday,
Friday and Saturday afternoons and even
ings. July 12, 13 and 14. from 2 to 5 and
from 8 to 10, and partake of tea, which
•will be served by the ladies, who will be
dressed In Russian and Roumanian cos
tumes. Tho money received will po to the
famine stricken sufferers In India.
ANTWERP— In port May 22— Br ship Crown
of Eriiland. for San Francisco.
HULL— In port May 22— Br ship Helensburgh,
for San Francisco. • -V
SYDNEY— In port May 7— Ship Ehenandoah,
for San Francisco.
NANTES- Sailed May 26— Fr bark Boussuet.
for Portland, Or.
SHANGHAI— In port June 4— Br bark Howard
D TrooD, for Tacoma. June 17— Br ship Gen
ista, for Oreson.
VALPARAISO— In port June 12— Br ship West
Lothian, for Oregon.
IQUIQUE— In port May 2S— Bark Coalings,
for San Francisco.
DUBLIN— In port June 20— Br ship Matter
horn, hence Feb 2S.
NANAIMO— Arrived July 2— Nor stmr Tlta
nla, her.ee June 2S.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 3— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse. for Bremen, via Cher
bourg and Southampton; stmr Cuflc, for Liv
erpool.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 5— Stmr Swuth
wark, from New York, via Southampton.
AUCKLAND— Arrived July 3— Stmr Mariposa,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for Syd
ney, NSW.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed July 3— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg, for New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 3— Stmr Patricia,
from New T^irk. for Hamburg, and proceeded.
BOULOGNE— Arrived July 3— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
Will Celebrate George's Birth.
The San Francisco Single Tax Society
has elected the following officers for the
ensuing: term: President, Stephen Potter;
vice president, Charles K. Stern; record-
Ing secretary, John P. Lightbody; corre
sponding secretary. Miss E. E. Digjres;
financial secretary. Miss M. E. Dhale:
treasurer, A. Melcher. The society will
celebrate the anniversary of the birth of
Henry George at Metropolitan Hall on tho
evening of September 2. Judge Magtilre
will be Invited to deliver the oration.
REAL ZSTATE THANSACTIONS.
' :.an»« .,. cr.a Clara M. Jarman to .1. Clem- \
«J -!-!ir5. lot oa W line of York street, 104 j
» er rwentv-tourlh. B ;c by W 100: tlUX).
Vw * r> '* cl! >- «>Iia and Mos-es Claybuncb to
ho;r.a< Murw, lot r, a fg Une of Sacramento
tre.-t, 4,&:S k of Drumsi, E 2 by N 5i:3; $10.
nrwper Corhinicre to George T. Hunt, re
¦erorfl i> d. icr.. bearh and water lot 717 on N
,*. r>r H^-»rrl street. 4i:10 W of .Steuart: $5.
•..ty ar,.i County of Fan Francipco to S. and
. l-achnian Ei-Ute. lot on NW corner of Har
¦tson and Iieale streets, SW 137:6 by NW 127:6;
fKotTKr* Kreet. NE 2u by SK 55, warranty
Henry 3. V.ade Mahony «nd .Icnnl" .1. Wade
barony to l>«-rtha n. It«(;haej. j ct , n N - E iiae
— NVV ' ° f yoltom - -N'W 48 by
Ifidw Raphael to same, tame* gift
Merced' Morrttl to Attillo MoretU. lot on S
iThy g'- 1 . 1^,""* 1 ' :i: * w ot Bryant. W
Joseph B.'awJ Mabel L Coryell to BasaJina
nd Mcry kin'tr, lot on N line of Kpvtnt~enth
tr^\t <f»!jta Clara), 75 E of Carolina, V 25 by
Charles and Dorothea Harris to Th~.-naR J. i
¦rr.n!n. lot on W line of Flxth aver.ue C75 N
f Om*nt street. N Z, by W 120; $iso&"
C:?m. VT. and James H. Morton t,> Ai/!-ew
!°«*2»J* rn y IIn ' <* Thirty-fouAh avenge!
!.. 8 of dement street. S 25 by, W 120' $io
SclcfiiCD and Dora Ote to Kathe F. Mallard
(wife of Joseph), lot on S line of I> street. £7:6
E cf Thirtieth avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Joseph and Tcresia Baumann to Peter Caubu.
lot w corner of Nineteenth avenue and G
street. NW IS by SW 100, block 3?1, Hunter
Tract; JI00O.
KFtate of James G. Fair (by J. S. Angus. T.
o. Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow. executors)
to August Carlson, lot on E line of Elsie street.
215 S of Cortland avenue. S 25 by E 12S:n, block
E, Fairs subdivision of Holly Park; $455.
Frederick Marks Sr. to Matilda Reynolds, lo»
on N line or Sutter street, 112:6 W of Baker, W
25 hy N 137:6: gift.
Baker & Hamilton (corporation) to Thomas D.
Jones, lot on W line of Locust street, 102 :SU S
i>: Jackson street. S 25 by W 112:6; $10.
John A. and Mary A, Fritz to Jacob Itoth
*chikl. lot on S line of Twenty-first street, 177:8
W of Church. 1 W 25:11 by S 114; $10.
Jacob Rothschild to Ihno P. Janssen, eame;
Adniph and Jeannette Calmann to Alliance
Building and Loan Association, lot on N line of
Twenty-ninth street, O E of Church, E 23 by
N 154; ais.i lot on E line of Forty-sixth avenue,
1V> 8 of k street, £ 50 by E 120; gift.
< harks W. Pchepcr to Henrietta Scheper, lot
on S line of Clipper street, 133:4 E of Noe. E
24 :r, by S 111; gift. s
<~!iristin;i d<; Noon to Spencer C. and Samuel
G. Buelclx-e (half each), lot on K line of' Joues
strc-rt. fix, N of Ellis. X 25 by E $7:6; $10.
P.osanna McKinley to Charles J. Pauchon, lot
on NW corner of Green street and Wett End
alley, £ 20 by N 120; f.0.
T. P. Jl. Oildpmeestcr to Alexis Dupuy, r e
reoord 1 ,!. jr,5, water lot 717, on Howard street
iNW r.f Howard, 45 SW of Steuart, SW 45:10 by
NW 137 :C); JiOCO.
Alexis Dupuy to Adolphu? and George A.
Pierre, re-record 33 d. 13S, same: $1700.
Joseph M. Shoiwell to John Benson, lot on
NW line of Howard street. 45:10 SW of Steuart,
b\V 45:10 by NW 137:6; J10.
Jcbn Benson to Robert S. Moore, same; $10.
James Bole (executor estate r>avld Bole) to
Margaret F. Deering, lot on NE corner of Ne
\ada and Nebraska streets, N 33:4 by E 100;
Richard K Anderson to William B. Ander
son, lot on K line of Nebraska street, 200 S of
Nevada; F 73 by E 75; also lot on W line of
Ninth avenue. ZZj S of California street, S 25
by T\" 120: f]0.
M. P. Eaton to E. M. Grunsky, lot on E line
of Nineteenth avenue, I0Q s of M street, S 25
by K 120; also lot on S line of M street, 57:6
W of Seventeenth avenue, W 25 by S 100; also
lot on S line of M street, 112:6 W of Seventeenth
avenue, W 50 by S 100; $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to William
Hannlng. let on W line of Fortieth avenue, 200
S ff O street, S 25 by W 120; J".'.0.
Edward and M. A. Kirki>atrick to Giovanni
Capurrc, lots 27 and 23, ticcK 13, West End
Map No. 1: $10.
Thomas H. »J. Dempsey to Robert and Re
becca Alexander, lot on XE line of Eighth ave
nue, SO NW K street. SE 90 by NE 100, block
141, Central Park Homestead: grant.
Alameda County.
Pacific Coast r>redcing and Reclamation
Company (corporation* to Bee B. Claweon. un
aivlded "Ight-nliuhs- interest la lot on SE cor
ner of Wood and Eighteenth streets, E 130 by
5 liyc:. block 70S. Oakland; $10.
Central 1'aciSc Railway Company to Fame.
undivided one-ninth interest in same $200.
Henry and Rosa Mohr to L,. Stoner, lot on
B lire of Myrtle street, 13? S of Twenty-sixth.
B r-O by E 1-3. block 637. Oakland: $10.
Patrick F. Butler (single) to Daisy M. Wiley
(¦wife of F. B.). lot on SE corner of Sixtieth
street (formerly Butler avenue) and Idaho
street, E 50. S 130. W 60. 04, N 13J to beginning,
b^ins; lot 1. block 4, Amended Map Butler
Tract, Oakland: $10.
Laura J. Williams (nee Jacobs) to Laura
Martin, undivided half interest in lot on E line
of San Pablo avenue, m g of Locust street, S
5.V4. E 114, N 60, W 136 to beginning, lot 2,
block R. Kel?ey Tract. Oakland; $10.
Julia E. A. Hinz to Kate MrlVwnell. lot on
SK corner of Sixth and Castro streets, E 37:6
ty S 73. block 50. Oakland; J10.
Elizabeth GUian to J. H. T. Watklnson. lot
on PE comer of Piedmont and Pleasant Val
ley cvenues. S o<\ E 150. N B0, W 13S to b»Kln
r.ing:. Oakland Township, quitclaim deed; $10.
DarU N. and Amelia K. Coey to Henrlette
Kuntze (widow), lot on S line of University
avenue, 200 E of Sherman street, E 50 by S
137:9. being lot 2, block A, Twitchell Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Richard J. Montgomery to A. J. Snyder, un
divided one-fifth interest in lot on E line of
Magnolia street. 210 NW of Fourteenth, N 33
by B 12v3, block 5S7. Oakland: $10.
Edward P. Flint to Pen y E. Mfuldux, lot on
NW line cf Oakland avenue. 65 XE of Moss
avenue. XE SO by XW 126. IS. being lot 10,
bl<*?U H. Flint Tract, to correct 5S3 d. 77, Oak
land; ,?5.
Perry E. Maddux to Maggie Ccx, same; $900.
Patrick J. and Mary E. Keller to Georpe H.
Randall, lot 15, KaKers Rose Park. Oakland;
*10.
M. McCann to C. B. Wines, lot on N line of
Fifth street, 95:5 E of Myrtle, N Sl:4, E 25, S 80.
W 34:6 to beginning:, being a portion of block
4^3. Market-street Tract, Oakland, qjltclalm
d^ed: 110.
Maggie J. and Thomas J. Cox to Perry E.
Maddux, lot on SW line of Fifteenth street.
l'XI SE of Seventeenth avenue, SE &0 by SW
140. being lots 19 and 20, block 19, Map of San
Antonio. East Oakland to deed of
trust); irSCO.
Ferry E. Maddux to Maggie Cox. lots 16 to
19. Jted Rose Tract. Brooklyn Township; $50.
Home Building: Company (corporation) to
Mary Yale. lot 45. Map of Forest Park Tract.
Brooklyn Township: J10.
William H. Knirht (administrator of estate
of John Hansen), Patrick and Timothy Begley
<hy Oscar L. Rogers, Sheriff) to Bay Rock
Company (a corporation), lot on SE corner of
Addison and Fourth streets. S 100 by E 50. be
ing lot 1. block 107. TracfB, Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association. Berkeley; J225.
Jnne Bambridge (formerly Dwyer) to George
K. Holloway, lot on W line of Shattuck ave
r.ue, 144.25 t> of Woolsey street. W 108, S £5.35,
E 107.J-7. X 34.85 to beginning, being lot 5, map
of Berkeley Park. Berkeley ; J3O.
J. J. Rauer to Mary Barrett, lot on X line
cf Pacific avenue, 300 E of Chestnut street, E
H by N 1582. being lot 7. block 4, lands ad
jacent to Encinal. Alameda. Note especially
any Interest in ahore property dTived through
the suit and attachment against John Porensen.
recorded In Q Attachments, 170 and 171, quit
claim deed; $1.
G. S. and Lydla A. Lanpan to same, lot en
N line of Pacific avenue, 300 E of Chestnut
Fir«~»t, E 50 by N 150:2, Alameda. quitclaim
deed; $1.
Frank M. and Mary Barrett to Henry KIf
rare, lot on N line of Pacific avenue. 300 E of
Chestnut. E 50 by N 150. being lot 7. block 4,
lands adjacent to Encinal. Alameda; $1100.
Ferd R*>is Jr. and William S. Pardy < trustees
Maud Townaend) to Pacific States Savings, L..
6 B. Co.. <*8 D. 362. lot on N line of San An
trmo avenue. 177 W cf Tnlon street, W 42 by
N ISO. being lot 6. block 7. Amended Map Bart
lett Tract. Alameda. trustees' deed; S3400.
Frank P. and Martha J. Woods to R. C.
Potts, lot on E line of Vicente street. 131.25 N
o( Miranda, N 62.. r .0 by E ISO. being lots 64 and
65, block G. on amended map Vicente Peralta
Reservation Tract at Temescal. Oakland: $10.
The Home Huildinjr Company (a corporation)
to Edwin W. Woodward. lot 39 and E half of
lot 2S, map of Forest Park Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Pame to Benjamin F. Goodwin, the SB 60
ff-t of lot 19. map of eame, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
F>Hon Taylor Cowner) with G. Weigmann and
H. Whittle (contractors), architects Martens &
Coffer— All work except plastering, plumbing,
palntinp. mantels, gas fixtures and shades for
two 3-story frame buildings with brick founda
tion on lot on E line of Polk Ftreet, S7:10 N of
Wafrhir&ton, N 39:10Vi by E 60, Western Addi
tion lot 19; $J960.
ssm» owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
r.rchiterts fame- Plumbtng and gas fitting for
same on fame; $1200.
Ma J. Moody (executrix estate of Joseph L.
Moody, owner) with John H. McKay (contrac
tor), architect All work for a 1-story brick
b'.:! loins on lot on S I!n« of Brannan street. 245
W of Fifth. B 100. W 31. S 87:6, W 4S, N 137:6,
E 78 to beginning; $7677.
John Stratman (owner) with Wilson & Long
(¦contractors), architect All exfept
mantels, shades, gas fixtures, for a 2-story
frame building on lot on E line of Eureka
Ftre»t. 173:8 N of 'Eighteenth, E 125, N 43:4,
W 3:s. S 4»:4; $2000.
¦ » ¦
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J Crsfe. Highland
I, L McCoy. Red Bluff
C T Orau. Eacto
H Walker &w. Willows
Mrs Kto-cfclnl, Willows
A n Oress &. w, Minn
K t=taa<5lgren. Shasta
C Peers' & w, Cal
T <'Ji!tt«>nden & w, Cal
J D Willow?. Bcnlcla
r, CrMrz. Henicla
.1 T Goope, S Cruz
T Cjannini. R«*?dl»y
<~i E Durrer, Keedley
.! G Ashman. Fresno
T H S:!fdd««r, Fresno
R A Gfrt»», Tracy
IT Isaac*, I- Ans
R Ross, pphastopol
<" I> Stuart, Cal
C Dresbach S Mateo
\V J Howard, Oakland
V. W Clayton. S Jose
J C O«rood. Cal
SI C Martin, Cal
W DoUn. Pnrto
C Frstz, Bmlrla
0 K fcfvpn*. Benlcla
n P Hi-ck & w. Cal
c D nonner, Fresno
Q Kingrhury, Berkeley
\j W Fnnsuler. Yreka
IV N»!!-n. Yreka
1 \V Turnhull. Y re ka
M S Richardson. Nebr
F Jl^ndricks & w, Cal
A \V Crouch. Chicago
J R Klttrell. Frvsno
Mrs Heintz»lman, Sac
D O Pierce &. w, Sacto
Mm Mapill & s. Pal
Alias . c ;>auMlns. I'ul
Mrs Brown, Woodland
C B Davis, Salt Lake
Mrs O DaviP, Salt L
Mr Barnwell & w. Cal
F Treakow, Crockett
W A Hurry. Fresno
Mirs Bryan, Fresno
Miss McCabe, Fresno
M Lan», Seat!!*
W EUIa &¦ w, Oakland
W F Acton. Conn
J Curran. N Orleans
N Skinner, N Y
5? Fouthworth, Carcon
iUf Shane, Fortervllle
O K Crans. Minn
O Hoffman, S Crus
Miss Ivory. Alturas ¦
Miss Ppartfup. Alturas
K J Hart. Boston
J 8 Dovey. Phlla
E> J Roblnfon, I»ndon,
E A Chleton. London
H O Power*. Crockett
S J Hinds, Fresno
H Frank. Berkeley
K "Williams, Berkeley
PALACE HOTEL.
C F Aaron. X V
Roy IMm?f, S A
j M 'Uerra n, i; s A
It M :-"c<. i; S A
R n Swi/r, Isikettn-J
J W aUtkj.t). Minim
A Dal'imn. N Y/
K J riichman, X Y
H R Wopi) I'hilaflelph
I) S RoupDbaum, Htktn
Mrs Jlosenbaum. Ftkn
.T C Kuiilvan. V S N
II Hensley. Boston
Mrs Hensley. Boston
II TemiM, Hamburg:
D J Collins, Phlladel
0 \V Smith, N Mexico
Ci R Whltlock. Ky
W II Fisk. Chicago
J R Martin," Los Ang:
Mrs Martin, Los Angr
W Serunde, Minnplis
w Eton, K c
G F Smith Jr. Detroit
Mrs Smith Jr, Detroit
Ida M Frunkey, Chcgo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
A Thompson. Minn |H W McMahon. L Anif
II WulJT & vr. Noudn I M Robertson, t'kinh
J Furtey. Vallejo G Foley, Seattle •
P F M3rtln, N Y J Sutton. Madera
J JI Sullivan, 6u!*un J R Barton, Fretno
C M Uchman. Chlciro' M Hartwell. Tula re
D L Bailey, Wversidfi C M Roes. NiTj
Mrs B Smith, Petalmal
Freehand and Architectural Classes
Contribute Samples of
Progress.
The free-hand and mechanical drawing
classes of the Mechanics' Institute are
giving their annual exhibition of the work
of the pupils in the basement of the li
brary building on Post street. There are
a iarge number of drawings, the best of
those from the class work of the year,
and they Include drawings from life, from
objects and drawings of a mechanical and
architectural character, colored and
mounted, and showing a high degree of
merit.
L. P. Latimer, teacher of the free
hand class, is in charge of the exhibition,
with G. A. Behrend, teacher of the me*
chanical and architectural class, as his
assistant. The exhibition will be open for
the remainder of the we ek during the day
time. It is open to all, and has ior its ob
ject a demonstration of tho possibilities
of such a class operated in such a way.
The exhibition is a most creditable one.
EXHIBITION OF DRAWINGS
AT MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
Federal Attorney Coombs and His
Assistants Very Angry Because
of Doctor's Ingratitude for
Their Efforts.
, *
Federal Quarantine Officer Dr. J. J.
Kinyoun came to the Jnited States Cir
cuit Court yesterday morning with two
bondsmen prepared to keop him out of
jail in tho event of an unfavorable deci
sion in the contempt proccedlriga against
him. But. somewhat to his surprise, for
h« appreciated the powerful antipathy of
the people, he was discharged, being duly
and legally purged of contempt. It W8 3
held that the attorneys for the Chinese
had not proved that he had gone outside
the lav.-.
The opinion was delivered by Judge
Morrow and was verbal. United States
District Judge de Haven concurred. A
written opinion will be filed to-morrow
and placed in the archives. The opinion
was couched in cold, calm legal language:
there was not in It even the suggestion of
reproof. It called the attention of the at
torneys for the Chinese to the fact that
the injunction alleged to have been vio
lated by Kinyoun was to relieve the com
plainant nnd others similarly situated
from being restrained and imprisoned
within the limits of the city of San Fran
cisco unless they should consent to be in
oculated with the Haffklne prophylactic.
This lequirement by the defendant was
declared by the court to be Illegal. The
orders and regulations thereafter issued
by Dr. Kinyoun did not come within the
terms df the injunction. The original oa.se
of Wong Wai against the Board of Health
of San Francisco and Dr. Kinyoun did not
go beyond that proposition.
It had been shown, proceeded Judge
Morrow, that tho defendant had sent tele
grams to the Federal quarantine officers
at Eureka and San Diego suggesting pre
cautionary measures against persons com
ing from the infected district. "What those
measures should be he did not suggest.
With reference to the action of the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company. Dr, Kin
youn simply told Captain Goodall his opin
ion that vessels arriving at Eureka would
be subject to quarantine restrictions by
officers over whom the defendant had no
control. The defendant did not appear to
have imposed as a condition for leaving
San Francisco the procurement of health
certificates on the part of the passengers.
"There has been no evidence tending to
show that Dr. Kinyoun violated the in
junction or that he discriminated against
the Chinese." added the court.
Half an hour after the doctor had
walked out of court there was a warm
time In the office of the United States At
torney. Mr. Coombs and Assistants Wood
worth and Banning ¦were declaiming
against the ingratitude of their client. It
had just beefi reported to them that Kin
youn had said that the case had been
poorly argued on both sides. The language
in the office grow so hot that Deacon Da
vid Jones opened the transoms to let in
some cool air.
Judge Morrow Said That
the Lawyers Had Failed
to Make a Case.
KINYODH PURGED
OF CONTEMPT BY
CIRCUIT COURT
A complaint charging P. J. Curtin,
"spotter" and private detective, with as
sault to commit murder was sworn to yes
terday evening by Mrs. Catherine Le
Blanche. Lying in bed at the Receiving
Hospital the woman who had been so
dangerously wounded by her insanely
jealous husband affixed her signature to
the document containing the charge
against Curtin, and was sworn by Police
Judge Fritz.
When Le Blanche's case was called in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday morning
the defendant failed to answer. An hour
later his name - was again called, and as
he Btlll failed to appear the Judge issued
a bench warrant for his arrest without
bail and ordered subpenas to be served
upon his sureties, Charles Stunker, gro
cer, O'Farrell and Mason streets, and
John A. Danlell, butcher, 712 Mason street,
to appear in court to-morrow and show
cause why the bonds should, not be de
clared forfeited.
Shortly before noon Le Blanche made
his appearance in court and explained
that he had not appeared before because
of a misunderstanding with his attorney.
The Judge ordered him into custody and
made an order that he 'should not be ad
mitted to ball until It was reported that
his wife was out of danger. Friends made
an effort yesterday afternoon to get Judge
Kritz to accept bonds for his release, but
the Judge refused to interfere with the
order of Judge Conlan.
The action of the police In releasing
Curtin from custody was severely criti
cized yesterday. Mrs. Le Blanche de
clared positively yesterday morning that
Curtin was the man who held her while
her husband sjhot her in the back. "When
they brought Curtin to my bedside yes
terday morning," she said. "I had just
left the operating table and was excited
and nervous. Besides, Curtin did not
have the light overcoat on that he wore
when I was shot. I have been thinking
over the matter since, and I am now posi
tive that Curtin was the man. I thought
he was a roomer, and begged his protec
tion to save me from my husband. He
grabbed me by the left wrist and called
out to my husband. I wrenched my arm
free and struck him on the face. Then I
fell, and he held me down while my hus
band Ehot me in the back. While I was
lying in the hallway Curtin held up my
head and wanted me to send for a priest.
"I saw Curtin once before. He followed
mo to my room in a lodging-house on
Howard and Fourth streets, lie wore a
false mustache and a pair of eyeglasses.
"My husband could not have neld me.
as he was trying to break in the door ot
my room at the time. He did not know
about the window leading onto the porch.
Leon Barnel, the cook, was standing at
the top of the stairs."
The complaint against Curtin was writ
ten out by Warrant Clerk Fitzpatrick
early in the day, but about 4 o'clock Mrs.
Le Blanche sank Into a deep sleep, and
the attending physician would not allow
her to be disturbed.
Captain Seymour holds to the view that
it was Le Blanche and not Curtin who
held Mrs. Le Blanche. Curtin seems to
be under the special protection of the
police. A few days after he distinguished
himself at the trial before the Police
Commissioners of Policemen Murphy.
Bean and Tierney, who were honorably
acquitted, Tierney met him on the street
anil upbraided him for swearing falsely
against him. Curtin wrote a. letter to
Chief Sullivan explaining the circum.
stance, and it was submitted to the Com
missioners, who ordered that Tierney b«
reprimanded for his conduct.
She Positively Declares Now That th9
Private Detective Held Her
While Her "Husband
Used Pistol.
Mrs. Le Blanche Charges Him
With Assault to Com
mit Murder.
WARRANT ISSUED
FOR THE ARREST
OF P. J. CURTIN
The British ship Fingal,- which arrived
from Calcutta yesterday, had a most
eventful passage. She took the long time
of 146 days to get here, and in consequence
10 per cent was paid by the underwriters
to insure their risks. An explosion took
the roof off the amldshlp deckhouse and
killed the carpenter, while one of the
sailors was dangerously Injured. The
boatswain fell from aloft and was Instant
ly killed, while several of the crew were
injured during the only gale encountered
during the voyage. To cap the climax,
the Flngal was placed in quarantine as
soon as she entered port. ;
The Fingal failed from Calcutta with a
cargo of jute and gunnies on February S.
She was expected here early in May, and
because of her non-arrival the price of
grain sacks took- a sudden jump upward.
She met light winds and calms In the
Bay of Bengal, and when the Pacific was
reached there was hardly enough wind
to till the sails.
On April 13 there came a sudden change
of wind. John Sabin, the boatswain, went
aloft with the watch shortening sail. Sa
bin made a misstep and fell from the
main topsail yard to the deck. He fell
on his head and was killed instantly. He
was buried at sea.
On June 15 Carpenter Hanson and one
of the sailors were fixing up some of the
signal rockets that had been damaged.
Suddenly one of the bombs went off and
nearly all of the metal casing was driven
into the carpenter's body. He died sev
eral hours later and was buried at sea.
The sailor was injured also, but not se
riously, and is now around the ship as
usual.
As soon as the Fingal made port Dr.
Kinj-oun ordered her into quarantine and
she will probably remain there for a cou
ple of days.
Captain Atwood Dead.
Captain Charles Atwood of the barken
tino Encore died early yesterday morn
ing. He was taken sick during the trip
from Junln to San Francisco and the
wonder to all aboard was that he lived
eo long. His body was brought ashore
yesterday and the funeral will take place
to-dav. Captain Atwood was well known
on the Pacific Coast and leaves a host
of friends in San Francisco to mourn his
loss.
In connection with the arrival of the
Encore it has been stated that the vessel
put into Montara Point because the mate
and second mate were no navigators and
had lost their way. "The statement was a
libel," said Pilot Alex Swanson yesterday.
"Both men are capable sailors."
A Painter's Fatal Fall.
Water Front Notes.
Joseph Hare died at the Harbor Hospi
tal yesterday mornins from the effects of
an accidental fall at 313 California street.
If are worked for J. "W. Lunny and was
palntlnjr the premises occupied by the
Hartford Insurance Company when the
fatality occurred. "While moving along the
scaffolding he lost his footing and fell to
the pavement, two storio-s below. Officer
Tom Walsh hurried the unforunate painter
to the Harbor Hospital, where he waa
attended by Drs. Putnam and Hopper.
In spite of all that could be done for him
he died a few hours after the accident.
The United States training ship Adams
arrived from Puget Sound ports yester-
Oay. She has now completed her annual
cruise aiid nearly all the boys will be
drafted Into cruisers and battle ships dur
ing the next month. £*•;:•'»• 'v'v"
A report was current that there were
cases of smallpox on the steamer Charles
Nelson and that she was in quarantine at
Nome. There was no foundation for the
story. On June 24 the steamer was dis
charging at Nome and expected to bo on
her way back to Seattle two days later.
The river steamers Dauntless and F.
M. Smith and the General McDowell were
in* a mixup in the Clay-street dock yes
terday morning. The Dauntless escaped
without injury, While the Smith had her
fantail damaged, and the McDowell lost
some of her gingerbread work.
A horse and wagon ownod by Wolf &
Ron was run Into by an electric car on.
East atrret, near Washington, late yes
terdav afternoon. The horse was killed,
but the driver escaped.
Boatswain Fell From Aloft and Was
Killed, Carpenter Killed, by an
Exploding Bomb and Ship
Quarantined.
Overdue British Ship Pingal
Had a Chapter of Acci
dents Aboard.
OVERDUE BRITISH SHIP FINGAL IN A CALM IN THE BAY OF BENGAL.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^ JULY 4, 1900.
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
p. Steamers leave Broadway
W. wharf, San Francisco:
lKTS-. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
idp^JSiw. July 6. 10. 15. 20. 25. 30. Au-
Ea^SjCWK Bust 4. Change to company's
frv* EsSlVS^ steamers at Seattle.
feW^likN?! \&a3 For Victoria. Vancouv«r (B.
BrW^TJrgrwi C), Port Town?end, Seattle,
A^*8E£3a>ai Tacoma, Everett. Anacort'?.
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
¦•* 11 a. m.. July 5. 10, 15. 20, 25.
SO, August 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. R'y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y.: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— J p. m., July
2. 7, 12, 17, 22. 27. August 1, and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford <San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angreles) and Newport —
9 a. ro., July 2, 6, 10. 14, 18. 22. 28. JO. August
3, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Ilar-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m., July 4, 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 2S, August 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Eay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayrp.as (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
« ( famra, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
Z A DC $'2 First Class including Bert 1 *
THilL $0 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July I, 12. 22. Aur. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. 27. Au». 6
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
IIe!er.a and (ill points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Hast.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
. S30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
KSMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dispatch for
NOME,
PORT CLARENCE, CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant. Commodious. Fast Al Passen-
ger Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-five hundred tons' displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
110 Market st., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
VZW TORS. SGUTHAXPTOX. L0ND05. P12I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis July 4fSt. Paul July lg
New York July II 1 St. Louis July 23
RED STAF* LINE. ,
New/ York and Antwtr-j.
From New York every Wednesdsy, IS noon.
Kensington July July IS
Noordland July U'Southwark July 25
INTERNATIONAL NA .'IGATION CO.
20 MontBomery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
S S. "OHIO." from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24th. Subsequent sailing from
Seattle to Nome. Et. Michael arrt Yukon River
Points. June 30. July Jl. August JO. For rates
and other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.
33 Montgomery street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
'o TEAMERS WlLli LEAVE WHARF. COR-
O ner First and' Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connectlne at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
ES. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10, 1900
ES. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August S. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday, August 29, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
411 Market Etreet. corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
COJIPAGN'IE GENERAL?: TBANSATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ~<oj>~.
.^aillnK every Thursday ln.«t»a.i of ¦C^fCfr>
Saturday, from November 2. IS39. at •*J**h *ri>
10 a. rn., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA TOURAINK. July 5: LA LOR-
RAINE. July 12: LA BUETAGNE. July 19;
LA CHAMPAGNE. July t*. First class to
Havre, $J2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson - Building). New York. J. F.
KUGA2H & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOT.ULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SVDXET.
S. E. MOANA (via Honolulu) to N>w Zea-
land and Australia. ..Wed., July 11, 8 p. n
S. 8. AUSTRALIA 'Honolulu only)
Wednesday. July 25. 2 p. m.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. H4 Montgomnn
Pisr 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Oftice. 327 Market SL
STEAMERS.
for o. s. HAYYliSoTNonrAuijar
Steamer "Monties Ho."
MON., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:13
a. m.: 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlcht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. rn.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. I. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE EOc.
OCEAN TBAVZ21
RQRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausatito F«rry.
Commenclnsf April 22. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. *8:30. 9:30, 11:00 «. m.'
12M5. '1:45. 1:13. 4:15, 'SaS. «:1S. S:44 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Sa»
Rafael, en Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 0:CO and 11:U p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. »S:00. •»:<». •10:00. 11:00. UJt
a. m.; 12:45, '1:30. 2:S0. -8:45. 5:00. «:», 7.U
p. m.
11:CO a. m. does not run to San RaXael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Qaentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCT3CQ.
WEEK DATS-S:35. f:M, 7^0. 8:40. «1O-U ja.
m.: 12:J0. 1:15. 2:15. *S:SO. 4M. 5:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIP9 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *«:45 and 10:10 p. rn. -
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:C0, 'S:^ # ll:00a. m - »l2-on
m.; l:C0. 2:13. '3:39. 4:J0. 'S^ «:45. 7:J0. ioJ»
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:53, «:45. »:«>. 8:55. 10:W iC
B.: 1S:33. 1:45. 1:45. J:30. 4:60. 6:20 pi n.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondsys, Weduesdayt
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 13:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS-<:35. 8:C5. 10:CS, 11:10 a_ m.: U-li
1:20. 8:30. 3:45. 4:55. 6:13. 7:03. 10:SO p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
?:C0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way ata-
tlons. i
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:C0 a. m. . Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
station^ -- — -
BAILRO AD TRAVEL.
esttaiBi rAcinc csarASl
(riDirio stst>m.)
Train* !•¦»• nail nr« tinm »• arrlT* M
HA!« niAJIl'ISVO, •
(Vain Une. Foot ot ilarkel Sirsst)
t«AT» - g»oit Mat 13. 130a — AMXn
•T:OOa Benicl*. Suf»un. Elmbs. V*e»tnX
Ruauey »nd S«er»mento. ......... *7i4S*
•7:00a Sti»u Kxpr- m-IHiU. Williams (for
Bartlett SptiossX Willows. Bsd
Bluff, rortund. *7i«a»
•7iB3a Uirtluss.9anUitnon.Valtejo.Napa, ¦
C»li«ti(r»»ndri»u:a Ruu •«|1S»
•»:00a DitIs, TV'oo4!»nd. KcijhU Lsodlaf,
M«r»ifii.e. OrotiiK «7il3f
•8:0A* AtUatio Eipreu-Ogdsu and Eaak # llsl5«
• hiSua .1»:i Ju««. LWormnre, Htnekton,
lone, Saoraineuto. FlaeecTiUe,
M»a»»UK Chieo. KbU Hlult »4il»r
••:80a O»kd»K Chlnsss (to* TosemtteX
Souorv Carter*. MiISf
•O:*Oa Htjirarda, Nile! and Way Station*. *l 1:13a
¦9iUUt Lu Angsles £xpreaa — M»rtlneT,
Tracy, Latbcop, aiocktoo, M*reca
and Kieino •• *<Ji*3f
•D-.SOa V ill. t,i, Martlnas and Vf*r Stations *6tt3v
•IO:OOa Tha Orerlana Utnitod— Ogdao. D»n.
*er. Omaha. Chicago *5il3r
•1I:OO» Nll», ].l>»rn'.t», iitockton. SaCT»-
mrw- MendcU. H*uf jrJ. VIsalla.
Pottor»ill« MllSIr
•I t:OO* Hayvsrds. Niles and Way Statloas. *a:4S>
4l:OOr Saeraiunntn Klter jc«*mai« *>>••*
•:i:Oi>p H»T^»r .;». Niifs and Way Stations. *»U»r
Miwur Maitinax, Hau llamoti, V«llejo.
N»l«». (;ali*to«a. Sauta Kow •»«!»»
MiOOr Bsnlda, Winter*. ftaor»i«i«n*o. . .
Wc«<llaud. Ki.i.hU Lsadug.
M«ry«T«l*. OrotilU •!•:«»
M:SOr Nllex San Joneand Stooktoa *7t !•»
•aiO«rTh« Owi I.lasJted— Trwy, Fretoo.
B»krrt3i-!.i, hanari* 'or Saata Bar-
bar*. I/w Anxiies *Vt4S*
•3ii0r Tiesno Passecjer— Mtxtlnca, L»th-
rop. 6 took ton, Merced. Boronda
(Kaymond for Yoserslte), Kro»n«v. •IStlSy
•3:3Or New Jileant Exsress— KaUersHeld.
Sauta Barbara, I.o» Angelas. Dam*
faf. El Paio, New Orleans aad
Kaat •¦!«•*
*3iS«r Sauta r» Uouta— Atlaallo Sxviaaa
for Mola* • ami Rut •0t«3»
••lOOr Ha;w»rd». NUsa *ad 1»o J«M nua*
tft:OOr Vafl»J» »I»lia»
•MiOOr Oriental Mail-Olden. Cbsjsnns.
Omaha. Chleagu _ "11»4»a
•«:«*r OrisnUl Mail— Ogden. Denvec.
Omaba. Chicago. *4ill»
f?i««r Vallejn. l'uit Coata and Wty 8ta*
tioui. : l*tMr
•fi«9r Orecon and California Kxpreas.fta».
mnoutu. Maryafllle. Itediltac.
PortUml. Pm»t Mo. 1 1.. I «nd Kaa» *»«l»a
COAST Hlf InIUN (> irroir Gaag a )>
(root of Murlwt SUt«l.)
17t4SA Santa Cm* Rurareion for Hanta
Cnu aad PrlDolp»l Way StaUona !•>••»
•»il8ANawarl«.Cmit*MlliB.tmiJo«9.*'«.t<.ii.
BonMer Crtek.Uauta Cnu aad Wai
8Utioi>« •«!»•?
t*tl3r Newark, Centerilllo. Can Jew Has
Almadea. Felton, lioulder Creak.
Santa Cm and Principal Was
Btatfona, t"«'>«*
•itlSp Newark. Han Jo*e. Loa G»tos •••»•»
q4iiaf Olemrood. roltoo. Santa Cnz «Xi3t^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtr.SH rSlIUSCO— r«at *r l.n.t SUmI (5!l> 8)—
•7:13 9:30 11:00a.m. |1:C3 *2:S3 H'M
•«:C3 tS:S3 •8:03m.
»r*«0HU»3— f«l»r»rt»l«if.— "«.C9 8:00 lO.COt.m.
tU:C3 *1:C3 »:03 »3:C3 li^M »I:03pjm.
COAST DIT.INIOl (BrosdUaycs).
(Thlnl and To.tnioiMi St*.)
)«tlOAOcean View. South San frandsco.. (lilW
t7iO«A San Joaa axd Way flUtlona (New
Alm»Jr.i \Vo.liiesJ*J« »ul») *llt«*
t7<S*a Smnday Ezcunlon for San Joaa.
8aat» Cruz, Pad3e Qrors and
Frincipil \V*y S^sioni !S*S9V
•»:••* H»n Joae. Tr«e I'litos, HanU Crm.
PaelUa <)r»T«. I'ano Unblsa. Han
I.uU Obl»T>». f*-'ff. Lompoe aod
rrlnoinal War Station* M:I«T
•|O:l0« Sao Joss and Wt* Statlom ••1:33*.
•IIiSOa 8aaJo*s,LosGato«andWay^Uelont «3iS0y
t«i43rSan Mateo. k«<twood. Msnlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa data. San Jom.
Trea Finos, Hanta Crux. Salinas.
Monterayaad PaeiBo Gro*« tlS)t3«l*
fStSflp Sai Jot* aad >Ta* SUtlons *7i3«?r
MtlSr Ban Joie and Princip*! Way Station* *9l43a
idiOApSan Jose. Los Oatos sod Prlndja!
War StatioDi fS:OOa
•SiSS>p San Jom and Principal Way Stations t*:3S*
••jit Op San Jos* and Wayatationa t*iO»A
fll«43p San Jc«»»ih> Way Station* »7:30r
A for Morning P f or AfUraoon. "
•Daily. t Sunday eteepted. t Snnday only.
• Saturday only.
• Batardaj and Sanday c Snndas an4 MsodMl
Santa Fe
Trains
Go To
Antioch. -..9 AM 4:10 PM 8 PM
Bakersfield..9AM 8 PM
Chicago — 9 AM
Dsmer 9 AM
Fresno 9 AM 8 PM
Hantord.... 9 AM 8PM
JaHet 9AM
KansasCity. .9 AM
Leavenwonh- 9 A M
Merced 9 AM 8 PM
Newton — 9AM
PhG2nIx — 9AM
Stockton — 9AM 4:10 PM 8pm
Tulare 9AM 8PM
Visalia 9AM 8PM
Williams..-- 9_AM
A New_Route.
628 Market Strest and Ferrj Depot.
04108
CALIFORNIA N0RTBWE5TERN HT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCISCO AKD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry, Foot of .Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAM RAFAEL.
WEEK DAIS- 7:30. »:W. 11:00 a. m.; 12:23.
J:30. 8:10. «:30 p. m. ThurfdayB — Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:W
ami 11:30 D. m.
6lTNDAY»-S:C0. 9:10. 11:CO a. m.: 1:K>. 1:30.
6:W. »-.ZO o, m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
KEKK DAT?— «:10. 7:50. K3O, U:'iO a. in.; IZ.O,
8:40, 8:15 *p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:15 and S3: c. m.
BUNDAY3— 3:10. »:l0. U:10 a. m.: 1:40. S:4«.
S:03. «:2S p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Sihuetzea Par*
game ichedule aa abov».
Leav« j In Effect, j Ait1t»
Ban Franctscow |Apr. 15. 1300.1 Sin Franclaco.
Week I Bun- I 1 Sun- I Weeit
Days. I days. | Destination.] gays. | Days.
T:30 ami 8:C0 sin Novato.' 10:49 ami 1:40 ant
1:20 pml 9:30 am Petalama. 1:05 pro 10:23 am
i:10 pm! 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 1:ZS pmj >.iO pm
Fulton.
1^0 aa Windsor. 10:25 aa
Healdsbure.
Lytton.
OeTserville.
1:30 pm t^JO am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 1:9 pra
7-30 ami J Hopland I [10:25 ara
8:30 pq| 8:00 amf and Ukiah. I I:3S pml <:20 pn>
T'SOami " 10:25 ara
I 1:00 am Gaerserille. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm| «:Mpnt
1:Zi ami 8:00 «m Sonoma 9:15 am S:*0 tra
] ' and
1:10 pm| 3:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pat
VM am! 8:C0 am! 110:40 am[10:23 ara
1:30 pmj S:CO pm! Sebastopot. | 7:33 pm; (:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rnsa. for Mark Wnt
Eprln^s and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: ot Lyt;ton for Lytton-Sprlnjrs: at
GeyiervlUe for Skagss Pprlr-xs: at Cloverda'o
for the OeyKers: at Hopland for Duncaa
Spring, Highland Springs. Kel«r(?yville. Carls-
bad Sprinss, So<»a B^y. L«keport and Bartlett
Springs: at UK! ah for Vichy Ppr!nr». Saratoga,
Eprlngs, Blue L "ces. Laur*! Dell Lake. Witter
Br^ng*. Upper Like. Po»rtc. Patt»r Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. L!t»rley"». BucitnelV s.
Panhe^ 1r.' Hetght^. Hullvnie. Orr"s Rot
Springs. Menrtrx-Ino C'.ty. Fort Bragar. West-
port. l*ial. Wlfilt* LaytonvlUe, Cu'mmlrs.
Bell's Sprtnr*. Harris, Olsen'i. Dyer. 8ootl»
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to ail points
berond San Rafa«l at half rate".
Ticket office*. SSO Market St.. Cnronfele blJg.
H, C. WmTING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Q«n. Pass. Agtat.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco -via Sausallto Ferry*
WEEK DAYS.. ..9:30 a. xn.. 1:45 and 5:15 p.'ra.
BUNDATS S, 3. 10, 11 a. m., 1:30. J:30pli£
Fare Can Francisco to Summit and return, si to.
! NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
On July «th trains will run on Sunday time.
aL Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
H '» «*** tor tUe treatment of Private
WlMMMea. Lost Manhood. DebiUtror
m S$f a %" Te " rtT> ?.° 11 t>~lyand mind and
Motbemfall. Try htm. Ch«rgt» low.
Dr. J. V. 1.IBHOV Box l937.SanFrS>co!
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
-'-- ly the Her. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
«ip.-'ri ¦«•"".'. Qum of San Francisco a.nd Liz-
¦j.', r. M:tch<-ji of Toronto. Canada.
!¦ \'.:i. ¦ r.\Mn:-ln this city, July 1. 1?00. by
¦ Rev. .^- M. Buehlcr, Henry Dahl Jr. and
- am;*».
!¦»¦-''.-• -R< ' HERTS— In thi5 city. June 10P\
hy lh« Kcv. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Rlchanl
[iavii h:i<1 Mary E. Roberts, both Of Elm-
: arst. <"al. %-* r
¦¦i:i«'HS- MOHL— In this city. July ;.
ly ihf Kev. J. M. Buehier. John Henry
richs r.nd Elizabeth Mnhl.
rnLBDT— FOSTER— In this city. June W,
by t))f Ber. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Ku-
¦¦ J-\ JiurJbut and Sarah Foster, both of
in Francisco.
K-PVAKBERG-In this- cltv. July S. l?nn.
• thr Mizpah Presbyterian Church, hy the
.v. F. A. Dniae. John P. Olson and Minnie
s . -. -here. V>cth of San Francisco.
JNLET-fCAMEBOX— tn tlii? city. Ju'.y 3. 15M.
; • th» Mixpmh Pres-bytPrlan Church, by th*
v. F. A. Dome. William Tayctt Onley jn-i
.. r:!!a <'am*rnn. Ivth <<f San Francisco.
~diedT~
vihrirht. Harrj- A. Koberrr. Mnrgiirri»tte
Xtwood. t'aiit. Chas. Ix>p, Mtf. Kliza L.
I'a-rrn. Mary Merchant. May V. G
BaudendteteL Ausrust r.ley«M-. I^ewis
•liaJvrin, Emily A. Reynolds, Win. T
}•«, kett. Patrick Ityce, Andrew C.
M.t". James .«l*>in. Oatherlr.e
llelmer. troArridc E. Wilson (infant)
Kof.'f. Ttomu
¦ T.^KIGIIT— In this city. July 3. 1900. Harry
• ' i Albright; beloved husband of I'-.a P
¦M-richt. ar.d fsthpr of Alton S. Albright, a
• itlve of Wisconsin.
ooo-on boen* barkentme Kncore. July
Captain Charles H. Atwood, beloved
¦tanfl of Mrs. Jenn!e A. Atwood, a r.ative
N.'w York State, aged 56 years S months
!rn0s and acquaintance* are r^pTt-
Uivited to atter.d the funeral services
mermw (Thwr»day). at i o'clock, at his
rcsidenc*', H21 Telecrarh avonue. Borke-
Kii.'nrit! frc?n San Francisco get off
! •v.;ci.t way Etatton.
SAUKOX— In this city. July 2, 1900. Mary, b»-
l rtauchtcr of John M. and KaUe A.
roa. ard sifter of Marpucrlte Hairon. a
I stive at .-itj Francisco, aged 1 year 3 months
.-: 14 da;?.
The fur.oral ivi!! take p'^'-e this day
(Wednesday). R t 2 o'clock, from the residence
her p&rcsts. 10l2'-« Minna etreet, between
"'•v.t,'.!i ,-}r.,i Lafayette.
JAITDEXULBTEL— In thi» city. Ju'.y i. 1900.
Ausust, cparly !>eloved son of Frank L. and
Anna BaadendisteL and brother of Frank and
Anna Baudendistel, a nati\e of San Fran-
wo, ag<*d 3 years 3 months and 4 dayp.
"TTrinnis and aefjuaiiunnr-es are r^ypect-
!y notified to attend the funeral to-mcrroTr
Thursday), at 2 o'cl^x-k. fr^m th» residence
• :" tv.s r^vp"*?. 1210 Kearny etreet. between
Green tnd VaJIejo. Interment Laurel Hill
¦ ;«neterj-.
SLADWIV— la thic city. July 3. ISO". Emily
A . beloved w;f« of George S. Giadwin. and
mother of K H. G-ladwin, a r.ative of New
Y rk. p.gc/1 73 yrars 1 month and 10 day?.
P*Th<- fur.fral »-^rvlce« will t«k» place
r rrotr "Thursday), nt o'clock, at
}-rr late residence. 2215 Howard street. In-
terment strictly private, rypress Lawn Cerr.e-
tery. by 11:40 o'clock train from Twenty-
tlzth sr.d Valencia streets. Ey request, r.?
" wers.
rACKETT— In thi« pjtv. July S. l%y>. Patrick
Hsckett, beloved husband of the late Kate
Ha. -km. prid father of Thomas. Nellie, Lo-
rf?ta p.ni Kitie Htckett. a native of County
V.'aterf^:u. Ireland, aged (Hi years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are resr^ct-
f'j!!y invited to atter.d the funeral to-morrow
< Thursday), at 1 o'clnck, from his late resl-
<'.'¦- :ce. 1£1 «:iara street. Uience to St. Pat-
r:-k's Church, where services will he held at
o"clcck. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JAT1E— In this city. July S. 190". James Hare,
beloved brother of Mrs. A. Franklin. Mrs.
C C. Smith Jr. and Richard Hare, a native
nf San Francisco, aged 40 years.
[ELMER— In th'.g city. July 3. 1W0. Frederick
n.. beloved husband of <^atherin* Helir.fr.
father ot Minnie. Ethel. Charles. Klsie and
Prrothy Helper, brother of Mrs. Al Brown
Kttd Annie Da\ic. and nephew of F. E. Hel-
mer. a native of tt Dorado County. Cal., aged
Z2 y^ara 51 rccr.ths and 33 days.
CtyP.ercaJr.s at the parlors of I_"nited l"a-
dertakers. :7 ar.d Z3 Fifth street.
vHEFF.— Ir. this city. July 2. 1500. Thomas.
dearly beloved eon of Hannah and the late
I^a v:d Keefe. a native of San Francisco.
C^Frlcndi" and acquaintances are respeet-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i Vteineyaay). et 3 o'clock, frora bis late resi-
dence, Z Russell street, thence to St. BrisM's
Ch'-ir-h, where a requiem mass will be c«>le-
brated for the repose of his soul at 5:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvmry Cemetery.
yOBERKR— In thi» city, July 2, 1?<». Mar-
rJ'reite Koberer. dearly beloved mother of
Mary. Carl aad Mrs. Lena Gundlach and the
l»te Fusie Heiniann and Katie Klplin^er. a
n stive cf Germany, ag~i C6 years € months
anfl 22 days. . .
ty Frier, Is and acquaintance* are reopect-
f-jlly ir.\-lte<! to attend the funeral thisyiay
iWe^ncsdayV ot J o'clock, from the residence
of h«;r son. 1432 Broadway. befw»opn Polk and
Larkin streets. Ir.terroent Laurel Hill Ceme-
f-ry.
LEE-In OaKand. Jnly I, l!*n, Mn«. Eliza L.
W». wjflcw of the late Benjamin F. Lee. and
rtatar of th<- !«t- r. K. Phattuck. Mrs. M. K.
r'.xkc ard Mrs. II. H. Itu-vrna. a. native of
N>w Tork.
SERCHAXT— In Heaiajb^rtr. July 2, l?on. May
F. G., beloved daughter of T. S. Merchant
(Trustee of H<>a'.4sbi:rg) and Mary L. Mer-
chant, and sister of Th'UMS C. and Fred R.
Merchant, a native of San F'rar.eisco. aged 13
|ann ; rnonthg and Zi days.
CT Friends ar.^l acquaintances are rpjpect-
f'llfy invited to attend the funeral this day
< V.'e<5ne»day>. at 10 o'clock, from the resl-
Ot !ior uncle. C. Merchant. 1529 G>ary
rti*cw thence, to St. TWiminic's Church, wh»r<»
a rfrju^m mass will be celebrated for thfl
repose cf her soul. eorr.mencir.K at 10:30
.."clock. Interment Mount Calvary* Cemetery.
•rTKIl-:- A'.ameda. June 30. 1900. T^wis
::• wt. father of ,E. L.. O. H. an<i W. J.
Meyer, a native of <"arl?hoefer., Hanover,
1<"rrrary. ap»d £2 years 2 ninths and 17 days.
tETNOLDS— In this city. Ju!y 2. 1S0O. Wil-
llain T., beloved husband of Julia S. Rey-
nolds, and fathT "f E. TV. and FVank P.
Reynolds. Agnes F. Oibbo and Elizabeth
Thompson, a rative of Massachusetts, aged 77
>r-snt'ar.d I 1 * months.
tTTFr>ri'3s and ac<iuaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Thur*riay>. et 2 o'clock, from the Masor.lc
Temple, under th« auspices cf California
I/-" 3 .*:" So. 1. F. and A. M.
'.Y^E-Tn this city. Ju'.y 3. 1900. Andrew C.
ny<~e. beloved husband "f Marparet Ryce.
• lid father of Mrs. J. R. naird. Mm. T. P.
H. Whitelaw. Mrs. R. Kennedy. J. W. Ryce.
Mrs. W. I* Jones and Mrs. D. Frlelar.d. a
ra'.ive nf Scotland, asred 71 year*.
: TKI.*C-In Wett P-erkeley. July 3. 1W. Cath-
•^ln» Ft^in. beloved wife of II»»nry Stein, and
mother of Henry C. Stein. Mrs. Chris Hoff.
Mrs. Jer?i!e Peckham and the late Ellse
Hyler. a r.at'.ve of OHenburg. Germany, ag-eJ
73 rears and ? months.
Cy?<r*:ca cf funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of H. F. Maasa. 917
Mission street.
VILSCN— In the C!ty and County Hospital.
.Tub- 2. !<«*>. lr.fant daughter of Mary and
T\'i!;i«m WKson. a native of California, aged
7<S8ye -
T. DOMIXICE CV.urch Building Associatlon-
Tf-.e rnonthly requiem hiph mass for the de-
c-ase<* nien:ber«! of ft. Dominic's Church
nu!)»".iri«: Association, and for the parents snj
rols'Si 1 ? of tfc»! 'ivlnc members, !>• sung
In Ft. Dominic's Church to-morrow (Thurs-
day), et 9 o'cl'vk.
HENRV «l. GALLAGHER CO..
CSuccesscrs to Flar.nairan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
T'NERAL LIRECTORS AND EUBALMER3,
10 Firth *t.. opposite Lincoln ScbooL
Telephone Soutb SO.
Ale/WOY &. CO.. \
FUNERAL DIRECTOns tc EMBALMERS.S
129 Market st.. between *th and »th. 0
Telephone Soutb 247. §
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 2J Fifth et. Tel. South I«7.
rr>ERAL DIEECr0B8 APD EMBALM£B3.
Fir^st Equipment at Moderate Rate*.
CREMATION.
Wd reliows' Cemetery Association,
RAH F»*?ANCI :C<». CAL.
IF DTCEAftED WAS A MEMBER OF AST
UtGAXIZATION having a prtsiUIn^ officer
i: i f--rt:ary ti^e charge for cremation, a co| ! -
s %V). The ?«m- fcr mernhers of the family.
r -~r i; |>. ri.ETCHEi:. SuperlntenJcr.tthirteenth by running to the net on his
serve and clouting the ball. Collier fell
down a little in the fourteenth, Hardy
winning a love game.
Collier now put more speed In his
strokes, and with several good cross
court drives, which Hardy could not re
turn, won the fifteenth game, score S-7.
Hardy won the sixteenth game, making
eight all. Hardy took the next two
games and set the score 10-8. In the third
and last set Hardy displayed his old
form and quickly won the set, Collier only
getting the second game, 6-1.
In the consolation doubles Root and G.
Smith defeated H. Crowell and R. Hunt.
4—6, 6—3, ft— 1; Stewart and Brown defeat
ed Kahn and Watson. 6 — 2, 6 — 0; R.
Nicholson and Sam Hardy defeated
Bishop Moreland and Percy Bailey, 6—1
6—2. Grant Smith and C. B. Root In the
second round defeated Stewart and
Brown. C— 3, 6 — 4. Robert Whitney drew
a bye and will play Nicholson and Hardy
this morning.
Robert and George Whitney will leave
for Chicago to-morrow. They will piny
at the Western championship slnerles anil
doubles on the courts of the Kenwood
Country Club. California will be well
represented, as the Hardys will also be
there. .
earned 26 points to his opponent's 10.
The second set proved a surprise to all.
as Collier put up a game that, few
thought him capable of. He played Hardy
a vantage set, and was In the lead three
times, only at last to fall. The score of
10-8 tells its own tale. Collier ran to the
net at every opportunity, and won many
points by his cross-court shots. He kept
Hardy on the defensive all the time.
In the seventh game Collier, by run
ning to the net, won a close game. Col
lier also took the eighth game easily by
passing Hardy, making the games four
all. The excitement was now intense and
all eagerly watched Collier, who never
before played In such good form or with
such clever head work.
Hardy took the ninth, a deuce and van
tage game, by his good work at the net,
carefully placing his opponent's high loba.
The tenth, another deuce and vantage
game, was won by Collier, making the
games five all.
Interest was now at fever heat, and
many thought Collier would win. as he
was apparently fresh, while Hardy was
not at his best. Collier took th<> lead by
winning the next game, score 0-5. Hardy
won the. twelfth game by well-placed vol
leys, making the score In game six nil.
Collier beat Hardy a love game In the
FLASHES FROM THE TENNIS MATCHES AT SAN RAFAEL.
SUMNER HARDY WINS THE
ALL-COMERS' TOURNAMENT
Yacht Racing.
Though the annual regatta of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club Is held on Decoration
day, more Importance Is attached to the
annual race for the Wallace trophy, which
will take place to-day. The course 13
from the pierhead of the Alameda nar
row-gauge mole out to and around the
Presidio shoal buoy and return. The race
will start at 1 p. m. The present holder
of the trophy is Vice Commodore. E i?
Sagar's sloop Edna, which ia enrolled
both In the Corinthian and the California
clubs. Her most dangerous competitor
will be J. T. Carrier's sloop Jessie K
which beat the whole California fleet on
Decoration day and defeated her nearest
rival, the sloop Gypsle. by a margin of
8 minutes 35 seconds corrected time.
Michigan has nine beet sugar plants in
successful operation.
Tax Collector Scctt "Will Not Be Paid
For Compiling 1 the Military
Boll.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee re
ceived a check from the Mayor yester
day for $16.220 09, being the bequest left
by Henri Windel for destitute women and
childron. The committee decided to de
posit the money In equal sums with the
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society, San
Francisco Savings Union, Savings and
Loan Society, Mutual Savings Bank and
German Savings and Loan Society.
The petition of the Precita Valley Im
provement Club that the balance remain-
Ing in the Bernal Park fund be used to
place coping around the park was laid
over until the amount of the balance
should be ascertained.
Tax Collector Scott will not be paid- for
compiling the so-called "military roll." a
notification to that effect . was sent to
Scott, as there are no funds available
Supervisor Jennings stated that he un
derstood that the roll had been prepared
by Scott's clerks, who are already paid
by the city. v
WILL DEPOSIT WINDEL
BEQUEST IN FIVE BANKS
A second alarm of fire was rung- in
early this morning for a blaze on the
roof of a three-story structure at 980
Pine street. It contains three flats, occu
pk-d by John Sprouart, J. Oppenheimer
and Will Bachellor.
The fire was caused by a rocket drop
ping on the roof.
ROOF BURNED OFF
THPEE-STORY BUILDING
WILL DETERMINE
REDWOODS' FATE
Scientists of the Division of For
estry Are Here on a Great
Mission.
ONCE again Sumner Hardy has won
the all-comers' championship sin
gles tennis tournament, at which
the cleverest racket wtelders of the
coast fight for court honors. On the San
Rafael courts Hardy struggled yesterday
afternoon with XV. B. Collier' Jr. In the
final match of the tournament,- winning
out by a score or 6-0, 10— S, 6—1. This
afternoon Hardy will cross rackets with
Gooree "Whitney for the coast champion
ship. Both men are attuned to the situ
ation and the whizzing balls will tell of a
hot encounter.
Play was called at 3 p. m. yesterrlay for
the finals. Collier won the toss and chose
the shady Fide, while Hardy elected to
serve. The first pame was won by Hardy,
Collier petting but one point. The second,
third, fourth and fifth were repetitions of
the first, as Collier was a bit off his frame.
Hardy took the net at all times and vol
leyed with prreat accuracy. In the sixth
mid last game of the set Collier braced
himself, winning the first three points.
Hardy won the next, three. This made it
deuce, but Hardy won the game, which
gave him the set, 6—0. In this set Hardy
forests was so great that. the prospect of
their destruction was so remote that it
was given no serious thought. In late
years the demand for home consumption
and from foreign lands has become so
enormous that "the rate of depletion has
become alarming:. It is for the dutdoso
f-ii 3HE vital Interest In the present and
future of the redwood tracts, virgin
|l and despoiled, that has gradually de
veloped in this State has at last been
brought to the attention of the Govern
ment with satisfactory results. Not
many years ago the wealth of these vast
STUDY OF BEDW00DS THEIB MISSION.
XHE objects of this investigation of the redwood (Sequoia sem
pervirens) by the Division of Forestry, United States Depart
ment of Agriculture, are as follows:
1. To find the present marketable stand of the redwood, begin
ning with the counties of Humboldt, Del Norte and Mendocino, to
be covered this year, with the hope of further extending the work
so as to include the whole redwood belt.
2. To study the rate of growth of the redwood, in order to find
its annual production per acre in board feet, thereby determining
the amount which these forests are capable of producing. The an
nual increment of a forest, or the'quantity of wood produced in one
year, represents nothing more nor less titan a percentage upon the
capital which is invested in the forest itself. When this percent
age is so high as to yield a fair interest, then it becomes worth
while to lumber in such a way a= to increase the possibilities of a
second crop. Great attention will also be given to the reproduction
of the redwood on cut over acres. This will entail a thorough
study of its sylvicultural characteristics, its resistance to fire and
especially of the possibilities of, stool shoots and ' root suckers, as
producers of marketable timber. As the tree reproduces so much
more prolifically by suckers than by seed,^tie study of the former
is of the first importance. V , ,
The work of the division among the redwoods involves not
only a scientific study, but is intended above all to hit- upon those
means by which the redwood forests may be maintained to pro
duce a constant supply of timber. It is by' no means! intended to
preach the doctrine of "Woodman, spare that tree,".- nor condemn
local lumbering methods, but to ;• arrive at a system of manage
ment for the redwoods which will Insure to the lumber men steady
employment and a constant supply of timber to the consumer.
R. T. FISHER.
OVEBTON ,W. PBICE,
There Is no real necessity for a dearth
of water In the Salinas River country in
summertime, according to a report of Pro
fessor C. D. Marx of Stanford University
to the California Water and Forest As
sociation. Professor Marx has been in
the Held investigating concerning the sites
suitable for storage water reservoirs in
that locality, and he finds that they are
numerous. All that will be necessary will
be to provide the reservoirs to hold the
floods of winter, and there will be water
enough to make the land blossom as the
rose all the year around. This report
has not been submitted In writing, but
orally, to the officers of the "Water and
Forest Association, who, while expecting
that the reports of Professor Marx and
other investigators concerning the water
supply of California available for summer
use would be favorable, are naturally de
lighted at the first fruits of the work that
promises such great results to the State
Professor Soule will soon submit a report!
as his work in the country tributary to
the San Joaquin River has advanced to
the point where he can make some defin
ite statements.
, In all directions the field work, con
ducted jointly by the California Water
and Forest Association and. the United
States Government, In this State Is pro
gressing favorably. Several sections are
eager to share In the benefits. The latest
app lcation comes from the people of
TA lllows, who desire to have Stony
Creek s water supply and storage reser
voir sites exploited. They are ready to
put up money, and if an engineer can be
secured they may have their wishes grati
fied. In the last week there has been a
large addition to the membership of the
Water and Forest Association, a practical
canvass having been begun bv H W
Ollmour, who has secured the signatures
of seventy-five new members in a few
days.
of determining whether or not It is possi
ble to create a permanent supply for this
demand that two Government scientists
are now on this coast. The jrentlemen
are O. W. Price and R. T. Fisrfer of ™he
division of forestry of the Department of
¦ Mr. Fisher has been for the past month
traveling through the redwood districts of
the State, inspecting their condition. He
was joined yesterday by Mr. Price, and
they will begin their investigations at
once. In their work the gentlemen will
be assisted by twelve men from the va
rious universities of the United States
the majority of will be from
Berkeley and Stanford, as they are on the
field of action and have a certain nrac
tical knowledge that will prove of special
value. The result of the work will deter
mine whether these magnificent monarchs
of the forest, peculiar to California, will
become extinct or whether they will con
tinue to contribute to the wealth of the
State. The object of this work is there
fore not to be confused with that of pre
serving original forests for parks and
other purposes. One is a matter of laud
able sentiment and the other the appli
cation of science to the ends of commerce
"We will begin our labors near Cres
cent City, In Del Norte County," said Mr
Fisher at the Occidental Hotel yesterday
afternoon, "and our efforts are to be de
voted to the study of the growth of the
suckers in the sections that have been de
nuded by the lumbermen and by tires "
The investigation will be Inaugurated by
Mr. Price, who will then leave its com,
Dletion in the hands of Mr. Fisher.
Lands That Have" Been Parched Dur
ing the Periods of Drought May
. Hereafter Be Made Pro
ductive.
Winter Floods Can There
Be Impounded for Use
in Dry Season.
MARX TELLS OF
STORAGE SITES
ON SALINAS
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1000.
12
HOTELKEEPERS in the interior are asked
to write for information about above goods.
HOUSEKEEPERS, HOTELKEEPERS
and the public generallg should see these
goods at once, as theu will find them fullu 30
PER CENT less than present prices.
We have on hand an extra stock of 78 CASES
of goods in this department, and commencing
Monday, Julu 2d f and continuing during the
entire month of Julu, will offer extraordinary
values in NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS,
ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS, IRISH POINT
LACE CURTAINS, LACE CURTAIN MATE-
RIALS and FINE WHITE MISSION
BLANKETS,
WHITE BLANKETS.
CURTAIN MATERIALS,
AN d
TAPESTRY PORTIERES
CURTAINS,
. — OF
F*AINLESS DENTISTRY
HEADQUARTERS GRAND MARSHAL
J
CELEBRATION
•9OO2 I9OO!
ALL ORGANIZATIONS WILL. AVOID
Market street upon goin^ to thflr respect-
ive r>, .^itiins.
HEADQUABTESS GRAND MARSHAL*
California Hotel. San Francisco, July 4. 1900.
GENERAL ORDERS NO. 1.
The following announcements are hereby
made for the guidance of ail participating in
the procession and the public generally:
Aids to the the Grand Marshal will rejorf to
the Chief of Aids. GEO. S. AXDHK.-', mount-
ed, at SrX" a. m. sharp, at the California Hotel.
All organizations must be in their HFslgrieJ
positions at ju o'clock a. m. The signal to
Mranee will be by bugle «nJ the .firing of the
national salute <f twenty-one gruns from the
Call Building, promptly at 30:30 o'clock.
Invitod gut-sts will rf'jxjrt to the Chief of
Staff, i.'ol. Wm. IC<i wards, at 9:30 a. m. char}<,
California HoteL
The regalia will he as follows:
tirand Marshal. I'ull L'niform Brifradler Gen-
eral, n. <_;. c.
chief of Staff, Chief Aid aiiJ Social Aid?.
Fatigue Uniform Officer N. G. C.
Division MarsSia'.s. red sash, black hat. b!aek
Fiiit. .-oia star.
Aids, blur Eash Liack hat, b'.ack suit, silver
ftar.
Division Marshals will rrpirt to Col. Wm.
Hdwards. Chief of Staff, at his headquarters
at P:3 fl a. m. sharp tor final instructions.
Rom: <.>K PflOCEKSIOX will be from
Batfcrj an.i Market str»-ets to M<umuiuei>. to
California, to Kearay, to Market, to Van N^ss.
to Sacramento street, countermarching on Van
Ness av«-.ue. The parade will be reviewed by
General H H. V.arti. i«j. GranJ Marshal; Major
General W. Ft. Hhafter. U. S. A., cn.l Captain
Henry G!;»£S. L". S. N.. on the west side of
Van Nets avenue, renting on Poet £tr<-et.
POSITION OF SUBDIVISIONS.
Munted I'olice and Police on Battery street,
rlKin retting c:i Market street.
Troop A of Cavalry, N. G. C, escort to the
Grand Uarehal, on north side of Market street.
between Battery and Front, facing wost. Gran.1
Mar^iia! on Market street, between Battery and
Front streets. Cava'caiie of Aids on left of
Gmnd Marshal, iacint wost.
Third U. 6. Artilloiy, Colonel, Staff, Band
end Batteries A. O. E and Light Batterj' C.
north fide of Market street, right reEt:ng on
Front, lacing west.
D. 8. Marine Corps, on left of Third U. S.
Artillery.
Firrt Redmest Infantry. N. G. C. llain
street, right rt-stmg on Market street.
Signal Corps, N. <J. C. on left of First Regi-
ment.
Naval Battalion. N. G. C. east side of BeaJe
ftreet. .-ipht rtstmg on Market street.
Carriages of Governor's Staff, Carriages of
President. Orator. Poet and Header of the Day.
Fourth nf .'uly Coiriniittee and French, Guate-
malan. C<>?ta Ilican. Honduras and Mexican
Oinfo!« on left of Nava! Battalion.
beacw of tl.e Cro^s Cadets on west side of
B. ale Ftreet. right resting on Market street.
Independent Kifles, east side of Fremont
Hre^t. ri^ht res-ting on Market street.
Veteran? of the Mexican War, Supervisors.
Harbor Commissioners. Board of Education,
California Society of the Sons of the American
Revolution, on left of Independent Rifles.
Native Sons of the Golden West on the west
Fid" tif Fremont street. light resting on Market
etrt-et.
Automobiles on First street, right resting on
Market Etreet.
FORMATION OF PARADE.
California Fireworks Company's wagon con-
taining dJpplay of imported Hirayama
Japanese flay shells.
Mounted Police.
Police Drum and Buttle Corps.
Chief of Police William P. Sullivan Jr.
Company A. Captain George W. Wktinan.
Company B, Captain John Spillane.
Troop A. N. G. C, Captain Charles Jansen.
Slecial eso.,rt to the Grand Marshal.
<"afa?sa's Band.
Grand Marshal. General R. II. Warfielj.
Chief of Staff. Colonel William Elwards.
Chief Aid. Major J. A. Slartfo.
Special Aids. Major A. A. Hanks and Captain
«. L. Naphtaly.
Major General and Staff. Division N. G. C.
Major Genera! John H. Dickinson.
Colonel D. E. Miles, Colonel W. V. Mc-
Carthy. Lieutenant Colonels L. Barrere H B
Hosmor. C. H. Murphy, A. B. C. Dohrmann. C.
T. Stanley. A. Huber. William A. ildisteU. 3.
J. Dwyer, C. J. Evans. Major I* B. Schmitt
and Major C. L. Hewes.
fcecend Brigade Staff, N. G. C.
Major H. A. Wtgener. MajDr Philip J. Per-
fcir.s. Major John H. Ileadri-, Major L5 8
Ix;rn.
AIDS TO THE GRAND MARSHAL*.
.r,S h [ et of Aids ' G^"Se a Andres.
AIDS: Robert Ash, Judge j. R. A tkea< Col .
x? P i- i ' »?°^'. er ' A - l^nselman. William
SS^Sf** 5- M " * toor * a - c - p - Overt on. W. R.
Phillips. C. A. llacomber. Colonel G. H. Plpny
F. L. TUTBta. Cctonel J. B. Lauck. A. DYrolr-
ueux Geerge Ii. Armstrong, Charles Bliss
Thc-odore Frolich. W. P. Waterecn, George
tar. Carl A. Henry. Charles Asmussen, *The.>
core P. Andrews, Max Clausenius. B. B Dun-
can. W. W. Ftocker. J. G. L<?ibol«1 John' Lack
mam. William M<v>ser, B. N liowle? Fred
I'.aisch. M. Slminoff. D. M. Lawrence ' S Op-
r.er.heimer. Andrew N. Dethlefson. Captain Wil-
liam L. Duncan. J. W. Lewis, t H Vivian
Ch>rtea H. Stanyan, Dr. W. A. Me'erdierc*S'
J. Pchlee^an. F. O. Raabe. Charles WEdee'
corr.be. Charles G. Willey. W. J. Twne E w"
Tucker and John N. Roes. iown «. t. VV.
FIRST DIVISION.
Third Axtniery. r.^A.. Colonel J. B. Rawles.
Third Artillery Band
Colonel J. B. Rawles,
Ca.ptaln D. J. RumlKjugh. Adjutant
Captain Edward Davis. QuartermasteV
Battery A. Third Artillery
Captain .
First Lieutenant G. H. McManus
Battery E.
Cartain Sedpwick Pratt.
Battery O.
Captain C. A. Bennett.
Light Battery C. Third Artillery
Captain J. M. Califf.
IrcKiuois Band.
Cnited States Marines from Naval Training
ctation.
Captain Edw. It. Lowndes, U. S. M. C
SECOND DIVISION.
Ti^S I T^^^^^iu G C^mSS ant
Band. First Regiment. X m^ la! J? ln « r -
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas F ONell
First Battalion. Major John F. Connolly
wu a °?, a 1:at '»H°n. Major George N. FilmVr
Third Battalion. Major Thomas A McCreaeh
Captain «r.d Regiments! Adjutant. Alfred J
Kellr-her. Battalion Adjutant
First Lieutenant John J We«t.
Commissary Hermann Huber
Quartermaster Fred Dohrmann.
r.~. Or H'"l ce , Oiaoer Wl!llam »• Tobln.
Cart, and AsFi^tant f?ur»reon P. J. H Fa.rre!i
Company A. First Lieutenant George T Lai
linger. Commanding.
Second Lieutenant James A. Brown
Company Ii. First -Lieutenant B. B. Sturtivant
Commanding. Btu ™"ant.
Second Lieutenant Alfred F. Ramm
Company C. Captain Charles E. Goodell Com-
mandlng. '
First Lieutenant < -orge J. Petty
r-««,r»^t COI J? L ' P , utena . nt John "• Ill «»*
Corcpany U. I- !rst Lieutenant Charles <r
White, Commanding. *~ afLTl< * T -
Second Lieutenant Hurry McGurren
Company E, Captain William It. Robe'rtson
'-"ommanding. '
Flirt Lieutenant James J. Jordon
¦¦ Second Ueetenant William H Wehser
Company F, Captain Firman A. Nlppert, Com-
manding.
First Lieutenant William Varney
Company G, Captain Edprar C. Suuliffe.* Com-
manding.
WiUlaai N; Rwasey.
/>o^ M Second Lieutenant Gratten.
Company H. Captain Francis Warren. Com-
manding.
First Lieutenant Guedet
Company I. Captain Frank K. Mocre.
First Lieutenant Henry G. Mathewson.
Second Lieutenant William Corcoran
Company K Captain Thomas J. Cunningham.
First Lieutenant Edward T. Flnley.
Second Lieutenant Frank E. Young
Comj^ny L. Captain J. F. Eggert. Command-
First Lieutenant Harry E. Curr.on.
Second Lieutenant Albert C. Adier.
Company M. First Lieutenant William L. WalL
Commanding.
Becond Lieutenant Rfrhard CoIIodv
Signal Corps. N. G. C.
Captain , Commanding.
First Lieutenant E. P. Seymer.
THIRD DIVISION.
a.m J?' viRion Marshal, Frank P. Bull,
/ids— Charles W. Edgtumbe. Charles G Wll-
-. . _ I'y. VF. J. Towne.
Jvaval Retserve. N. G. C, Captain N. T. James
Commanding. '
Naval Reserve Band.
Lieutenant T. S. Hal!
Lieutenant Jr. Grade. G. Kammerer
vJ^^^r J rT ? r^e.' Henry Pe^r^on.
Ensigtis-J. II. Burke. J. C. Kelly, F. H. Mur-
i__. _, , , Thy. Smith.
First DiviEicn, Second Division and Engineer
Division.
c f"?. ap rr °J Gov< *™or;s Staff-Adjutant Gen-
eral \\. H. fceamsns. Colonel v s Bantrham
AFMrtant Adjutant General; Colonel Ke'
J?e , ck^ C 2 on^i J R " Howell. H. Choyncky. Co£
mel F. S. Chadhourae. Frank McLauKhlin J
«' " artm ' J " S - Yotfng? A. An!
£"? ' r ?' f anborn . A. G. GasMn, R. L.
Ocden. Frank H. Vail. J. B. Harrington. G.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H. PIppy. J. E. Doollttle, J. C. Kirkpatrick,
John F. Burgin and Surgeon General Dr. Gall-
wey.
Carrinpes— Horace Wilson. President of the
Day; Charles Pweljrcrt, Orator of the Day;
Professor E. Knowlton, Poet: Rev. Jacob
Nieto, and Maxwell McNutt, Reader.
Carriages— Fourth of July Committee — Isldor
I. Brown, H. J. Stafford. John Simmen, A. W.
Thompson. E. I. Coff'-y, August Iten. W. T.
Bappett. H. L. Ladd. William II. Hazell, Hen-
ry C. Gepford, John It. Hillman, Dr. Gardner
Pond, Thomas W. Hickey. Carriages for Con-
suls—French. Guatemala. Honduras, Mexican
FOURTH DIVISION.
R. B. Hale. Division Marshal.
Aids— Colonel G. W. Bower and Carl A. Henry.
League of the Cross Cadets. Colonel E. J.
Power. Commanding.
Band, lyoague of the Cross Cadets.
Colonel E. J. Power.
Lieutenant Colonel D. J. MoGloan.
Surgeon Major .lames G. Morrissey.
Assistant Captcin John F. Sullivan.
Adjutant. Captain P. J. HaKK«rty.
Inspector, Captain D. J. McCarthy.
Quartermaster. Lieutenant B. I. Carroll.
Commissary. J. II. Scanlon.
Mnjnr First Battalion, Daniel C. Dcasy.
Major Second Battalion, James E. Power.
Major Third Battalion. John P. DufTy.
\djulant First Battalion, Lieutenant F. I.
Gonzales.
Vdjutant Second Battalion. Lieutenant George
V. Welch.
Adjutant Third Battalion, Lieutenant Fred A.
Hoorer.
Chaplain. Rev. P. O'Ryan.
Company A. Cnptain William C. Hooper.
Company B, Cant.-iin James P. Curley.
Lieutenant T. E. Gardner.
JO.tmpany C, Captain P. L. Bnnnon.
Company 1), Curtain J. D. Dwyer.
First Lieutenant Ct-nrg? H. Sullivan.
Second Lieutenant Frank A. McCarthy.
Company E, Cartain L. A. MeCrystle.
Second Lieutenant Bart Malone.
Company V. Cnptain M. K. Hynes.
First Lieutenant J. Henry Long.
R«v-on<l Lieut-nant J. Henry Sheehan.
Company <J. Captain Willir.m Dixon.
Plrrt Lieutenant William Terry.
Second Lieutenant .lames Tonhy.
Comranr H. Cartain J. P. Keatlns.
First Lieutenant T. H. O'Connor.
Company I. Captain H. Power.
Kim Lieutenant Joseph Waters.
Soron<l Lieutenant J. Keefe.
Comrany K. Captain J. H. Reilley.
First Lieutenant A. Ilanley.
Second Lleuteniint T. J. Brnnson.
Company L. Captain Frank Grimley.
Fiiht Lieutenant Jor-eph Mracher.
SecrrM lieutenant Garrat M. Secrg.
Company JI. Cr.ptain Al S. Mclntyre.
First Lieutenant Charles Adp.ms.
Second Lieutenant Frank Lowinsrer.
Company N. Captain J. A. Kennedy.
Secind Lieutenant J. C. McBreen.
Company O. Cnptain Joseph Wesplear.
First Lieutenant T. J. Curtin.
Seroml Lieufennnt J. Hackenbruck.
Company R. H. G. Leffmanfl.
Flryt Lieutenant M. McCann.
Second Lieutenant Charles A. Flynn.
FIFTH DIVISION.
Judce J. R. Aitk«m. Division Marshal.
J. Srlileeman. Aid.
F. O. Keabe.
Dijeau's Hand.
• Independent Rifles. Captain L. Schneider, Com
mandin~.
T"ir?t Lieutenant E. Moenr.lnsr.
Fecond Lieutenant Henry Hansen.
Carrlap**. Vetcrajis of the Mexican War.
W. C. Burnett. President.
W. L. Duncan. Secretary.
Carriages, Board of Supervisors. Board o!
Kducatinn and Board of Harbor Com-
missioners and Sons of the Ameri-
can Revolution.
SIXTH DIVISION.
Frank W. Marston. division marshal.
Aide George R. ArmMrvmK and Captain SI. P.
Seeley.
Bennett's Band.
Committee 9th of September semi-centennial
Jubilee celebration.
Native Sons of the CJnlden West.
California Parlor No. 1. Pacific Parlor No.
10, Goldetf Gate Parlor No. 29, Mission Parlor
No. 3*. Pan Francisco Parlor No. 43, Kl Do-
rado Parlor No. 52. Rincon Parlor No. 72, Stan-
ford Parlor No. 76, Yerba Uuer.a Parlor No.
64. Bay City Parlor No. K>4. Nlantlc Parlor
No. JO5. National Parlor No. IIS. Hesperian
Parlor No. 137. Alcatraz Pnrlor No. Mo. Al-
calde Parlor No. 1">4. South Fan Francisco Par-
lor No. ir.7. Sequoia Parlor No. 150, Precita
Parlor No. 1«7. Olympus Parlor No. 1S3. Pre-
Fidio Parlor No. 194. Marshall Parlor No. 202.
Army and Navy Parlor No. 207, Dolores Par-
lor No. 2C8.
seventiTdivision.
A. E. Brooke-Ridloy, division marshal.
Tully's Band.
Automobiles, T. T. Williams fon<?), T. II. B.
Varney (four), Tillman & Bendel (one), A. E.
Brofke-RiCley (four), .T. M. AVilklns, with
Goddess of Liberty (Miss Jo Helen llarle
Pettlt) (one), F. A. McLauphltn (one). Elliott
Automobile Company (one), S. D. Rogers (one),
Hercules Gas Company (one). Sunset Automo-
bile Company (one), J, Spiers Jr. (one).
By order of
GENERAL It. H. WARFTELD.
Grand Marshal.
COLONEL WILLIAM EDWARDS.
Chief of Staff.
LITERARY EXERCISES.
PROGRAMME LITERART AND MUSICAL
EXERCISES,
Ean Francisco, Cal., July Fourth, 1900.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Exercises Begin Promptly at 2 O'clock.
OFFICERS:
Horace "Wilson. Chairman.
H. J. Stafford, Vice Chairman.
R. H. Warfleid. Grand Marshal.
Thos. W. Hickey. Secretary.
LITERARY COMMITTEE:
Henry C Gesford, Chairman.
Wm. T. Baprg-ett, Isldor I. Brown.
1. Patriotic overture Blum's Orchestra
2. Invocation Rev. Jacob Nieto
3. Palutatory remarks President of the Day
4. Pone-. "The Old Flru? Forever" .Leila France
KNICKERBOCKER MALE QUARTET.
5. Reading the Declaration of Independence
Maxwell McNutt
6. Song. "Th« Ftar-Ppaneled Banner" \
Mrs. T. C. Masteller (Yves Remyngton)
7. Oration Charles L. Swelgert
S. Humorous selections W. J Hynes
5. Song. "The Sword of Bunker Hill".'
Professor A. Wilkie
10. Poem (original) Professor E. Knowlton
11. Sone "America"
KNICKERBOCKER MALE QUARTET.
12. Music Blum's Orchestra
FIREWORKS— TWO DISPLAYS.
Main display at Recreation Park, Sixteenth
and Folsom st?., at S:31 o'clock p. m. Gate*
opened at 7 o'clock. Entrance to grounds free
Reserved Keats., at 10c each, can be had ot
Park Manatempnt.
Second display at S:30 o'clock p. m. at Wash-
ington square, corner Union and Stockton sts
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IA/. T.HESS,
K0TABT PUBLI3 AND ATTOBHEY-AT-LAW,
Tentii Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldr
Telephone Brown S51.
Residence, S21 California St.. below Powell.
Baa Francisco. «•«".
FOR $98,
4- Room Furniture
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
31310112 Stockton St. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
BEDROOM— Bedroom set. 7 pieces, hardwood -
PalTpHlowI SPTiaS ' - 1 eOOa T ° P Matt ""£*
PARLOR— 5 pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
DINIKG-RO'OM— 1 Hardwood Extension Table.
6 Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN-1 Patent Table. 1 No. 7 Stove. 2
Chairs. '
No extra chargo on credit.
-MAKE TOTTR OWN TERMS.—
Eastern Office— New York City.
62O .Market Street.
iOpp. Palace IIoIpI) SAN' FRANCISCO.
»i|i ELECTRIC
BELT,
~ljp=. THIS BELT 13 WAR-
*T\** ranted to be the latest im-
proved, most powerful and
in all respects the best now manufactured in
any part of the world Its equal does not *x!«t
The Galvanometer shows its electric current 'to
be double that of any other. Kaslly reiu!af«i
durably Insulated. Latest Improved
ments. Special conductors and electrodes
Double wire suspensory for men. It will eur»
any disease on earth that It Is possible to cur«
with elcctricltv. and !t cures when others fail
Buv no belt till you see "Dr. Pierce's."
"Booklet No. 2." Tree at office or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about it. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
PALACE HOTEL
The hich standard of excellence maln-
taln?d by these hotels la recognized and
appreciated by a discriminating and fas-
ttilicus clientele who regularly make them
their headquarters when In San Francisco
Located In close proximity to wholesale
*nd shopping districts, places of amuse-
ment ana with the further advantage of
having street cars to all points of Interest
pass the entrance.
American plan. European plan.
GRAND HOTEL
SOL.P BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, enred by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris. J. ESPIO : New T»rk, £ fOCGEZA * CO
BRUSHES ESg»S£
houses, billiard table*
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers. eanncrsZi
dyers. Courmills, foundries, laundries, p 1M »|
haasers, printers, painters, shoe factories. lit*.
fclemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
BUCHAXAtf BROS..
Brash Manufactarer*. 6O9 Sacrameata SI
DR. WONG WOO, £^
Chinese Tea and Herb i-anl- I^"*^»
tarium. 7o4-7CS Clay gt.. San >kf> T
Francisco. CaL All diseases cured PL?* 9
exclusively by Chinese herbs. \f* Y v
Advice free. Hours. 9 to 11 a. X^tftffla"
in., l to 5, ; to ) p. m. jrfyKJy-flVi
San Francisco. January 2, 13r,0 %rF^jTl4iV
I had a very serious attack of 'tf'JWHiiijPc^
consumption and my feet were so swollen th»»
it wa, with dKttculty I could walk. The doctors
In the hosMtala could not give me any relief
for n'ne weeks. I was persuaded to so to thi
well-known Chinese Do Ctor . Wong Woo and
in three months I was completely cured ami ii;
perfect health, havinr Balned »££,££? 2
Ing hi.-n t.-> any one suffering t n anv WU S
ever. JAKOB RACCH. 13U Freelon I£f cTty U
EIhIvrSCpius
Oar removable bridge work Is beautiful and
durable. Warranted 10 years.
Our $5-00 Plates
used by no other
PRICE LIST lor 30 Days:
Painless Extraction ZTie
Kemovable Bridge work......... l*:t.i><>
Crowns ; 92.OO to 9S.«N»
Pure Gold Fillings fl.(H>
Amalgam soc
Gold and Platina $1.«m»
Silver Filling 3«>e
Mrs. Dr. R. I* 'Walsh will attend to> tas
children's teeth — painlessly.
DR. R. L. WALSH,
815% GEARY ST.. between Hyde and Larkin
Office Hours — 9 a. m. to ft p. m.; Sundays!
• to 12. Telephone Polk 1135.
BELMONT HOME
For Sale at a Bargain
Elf pint house of 8 rooms, bath and bas*»
ment. hot and cold water throughout. Southern
site overiooktriR the. town. "six'atre^'Ma'pasK
ture, 2 in orchard. 1 about house; bam and hen
houses: all fenced ¦ Excellent water tuprly
Cost owner 110.000. bat compelled O rerrmvi
East, fcence will seJl at sacrifice. Investigate
and make offer. Apply to own»r.
J. D. ALLAN, Cor. 2d and Branuan.
ADVERTISEMENTS
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
NO PLATES £S*
MUNYOiYS INHALER
J% CATARRH
W CoJds, Coughs,
v»^ Hay Fever, Bron-
SpKchitis, Asthmz
all Disease
m8 of the Throat anc
Clonds of Slpdlcated Vapor are Inhaled
through tho month and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing: and -vaporizing all the lESarneri
and ilfct-nswl parts ¦which cannot be reached by
medicine taken Into the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— It heals the raw
places — It noe* to the teat of disease— It acts as
a balm and tonic to the whole tyxtem — fj.00 at
druggists or sent bymail. 1505 Arch St., Phila.
pfeSy*yyj*fc^i^h^ / \