VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 56.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 20, 1900.
COURIER FROM PEKING SAYS I
Majority of Foreigners
Were Dead When He Left
and the Condition of the
Survivors Was Hopeless.
LONDON, July 25.— The Express has
the following from St. Petersburg:
"Admiral Skreydloff. command
ing the Russian squadron In Chi
nese waters, has received precise
Instructions to bombard the Chinese coast
towns Immediately upon receipt of con
firmation of the report of the massacre
at Peking."
There Is a movement northward of
Southern Chinese troops to Join the main
army gathered to oppose the foreign ad
vance on Peking. The strength of this
principal force Is now estimated at 300,000
men.
It Is believed that about three weeks
must elapse before the Chinese war
preparations are completed. It Is rumored
that 3000 Chinese troops and more are be
ing sent to reinforce the garrison of the
Klan Tin forts, commanding the entrance
to the Yangtseklang, ninety miles cast
of Nanking.
i Chuan Chi Tung. Viceroy of Wu Chang,
on the Tangtsekiang, telegraphs that he
is apprehensive that he will not be able
to restrain his troops for more than an
other ten days. He say3 that he has
thrown the breech blocks of the guns
co'mmandlng Hankow into the river.
These signs of unrest In the southern
provinces are coincident with Li Hung
Chang's presence in Shanghai. They are
supposed to be the beginning of a general
declaration against foreigners.
According to the Shanghai correspond
ent of the Times LI Hung Chang is resid
ing at the residence of Liu, who was the
This old code has been out of general
use for many years, but Minister Conger
is" one of the few officials 'who has been
using it. He does not employ the new
code.
The State Department officials decline
to discuss the story of the theft of the
codf* hook, but do enter a denial that they
ever entertained a suspicion that It had
fallen Into the hands of the Chinese Gov
ernment. It Is known that several yeara
ago a copy of the old State. Department
cipher, -which has since been changed,
was made. A copy of this, the authorl
tives have strong reason to believe, found
Its way Into the possession of another
Government — not the Chinese.
These code books are numbered and re
ceipted for when placed In the hands of
those entitled to them. An inkling was
given that the missing code book fell Into
the hands of the Chinese Government.
This Information was calculated to inspire
a doubt of the authenticity of the Conger
dispatch.
WASHINGTON, July 3.— A question on
authenticity of the dispatch from Minis
ter Conger, dated at Peking on the 15th
inst.. developed the fact to-day that sev
eral years ago a copy of the State De
partment cipher code disappeared and
never has been recovered.
STATE DEPARTMENT
CIPHER WAS STOLEN
envoy of the Empress Dowager In the se
cret mission to Japan. He has received
secret Instructions to remain at Shanghai
and to endeavor to open negotiations
with a view of preventing the European
advance.
LONDON, July 26.— The Shanghai
correspondent of the Daily Express
telegraphing yesterday says:
"A general rising throughout
China Is now regarded as so abso
lutely certain that all the missionaries
throughout the empire have been ordered
to take refuge without delay either at
Shanghai or Hongkong. Refugees are be
ginning to arrive from all points In the
most pitiable condition."
As the result of a constant correspond
ence with the Governor of Shantung 1 , Li
Hung Chang this afternoon announced
that the Imperial Government was pre
pared at any moment to give a safe con
voy to the members of the foreign lega
tions from Peking to Tientsin, provided
guarantee were given that no advance
would be made" upon the capital and that
all matters In dispute between China and
the powers would be made the Bubject of
friendly negotiations.
' In the same communication to the Con
suls, Earl Li said that the Imperial Gov
ernment'had submitted to the powers a
statement of Its position, declaring that it
had suffered greatly by recent events, but
desired not only to suppress the rebellion
but to remove the causes of the hostility
of foreign powers. Therefore, he hoped
that the offer to escort the foreigners to
Tientsin would be regarded as an earnest
of the desire of the' Chinese Government
for the renewalof friendly relations.
The Consuls replied that no basis for
friendly negotiations was possible until
proof was at hand that the Ministers
were still living. Consul Warren declined
to discuss the matter at all. but v in. his
reply to the French Consul La Hung
Chans undertook to obtain a satisfactory ;
As we think that In the International rela
tions of China with other governments your
honorable nation has most cordial relations
with China, and as China is to-day pressed
by circumstances up to the point of drawing;
upon herself universal wrath. In order to ar
range these difficulties and to resolve these
complications we think it Is possible that It Is
solely upon your honorable country that we
may count. Therefore, opening our heart to
you in all sincerity we demonstrate to you our
Intimate 3entiments 'and we address you this
letter In the sole hope that you will find, Mr.
President of the republic, means of arranging
matters and will take the initiative to trans
form the present situation.
' We beg you at the same time to have the
goodness to address us a kind response, which
we cannot help but await with extreme anxiety.
Signed the 23d day of the sixth moon of the
twenty-sixth year (July 19. 1900).
PARIS, July 25.— The Emperor of China
has sent to President Loubet the follow
ing letter, transmitted by telegraph by
the Governor of Shantung. July 19:
China has for several years been linked In
friendship with your honorable country. All
affairs concerning our relations on the fron
tiers of Kwangsl and Funan have been dis
cussed and settled by the way of conciliation.
There exists no grievance between us. Recently
the population and Christians found themselves
in hostility and rebellious persons have profited
by the opportunity to Indulge In depredations
with the result that foreign nations have sus
pected the court of showing partiality toward
the and of jealousy toward
the Christians. Subsequently the attack upon
and the taking of the forts at Taku took
place, after which military action and mis
fortunes ensued, rendering the situation still
more complicated and dangerous.
LETTER FROM KWANG SU
TO PRESIDENT LOUBET
message from the French Minister (M.
Plchon) within five days.
Russian Squadron in Chinese Wa
ters Ordered to Bombard Coast
Towns Should the Story of the
Peking Massacre Be Confirmed.
Li Hung Chang Announces That the
Chinese Government Is Ready
to Give Safe Convoy to For
eigners From Peking to Tientsin.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The following cablegram has been received at the Navy De
partment from Captain Charles M. Thomas, commander of the Brooklyn:
"CHEFU, July 24.— Navigation Bureau, Washington— Written message, signed Conger,
dated July 4, received at Tientsin, July 21, says: 'Been besieged two weeks, British legation.
Grave danger general massacre by Chinese soldiers who are shelling legation daily. Relief soon
if at all. City without government except by Chinese army. Determined to massacre all for
eigners in Peking. Entry of relief forces into city probably will be hotly contested/ "
WABiii^<*.i *->•>. juiv zj. — in» re
ceipt at Tientsin r,f an appar
ently genuine menage In auto
graph from Minister Conger
has done nothing to dispel the
floittbt as to the Fituation at Peking. The
message, which vras forwarded by the
naval officers at Tientsin. Taku and Che
fu. has served only to deepen the darkest
end saddest mystery cf the century. The
cffl<5al '•.or.clusicn remains unchanged, of
course, but :t is admitted that a careful
Fcrutiny of the autograph message. In
comparison with the famous cipher mts
rago from Minister Conger, admits of
th# belief that the two messages were in
dited by Mr. Conger at about the Fame
time. The situation at the British lega
tion is represented to be the same In each
case, and as ilr. Conger declares that
relief must come <;ulckly. If at all, there
Is ground for the Fuspicion that the crisis
Is over. The assumption that this reason
ing is correct involves the further conclu
sion that Mr. Conger's cipher message. If
genuine, was redated. and. of course, if
redated at all, was done by Chinese
officials. -A '
More Chinese Assurances.
On the other hand, and In support of
the State Department's position, came to
<!ay a mepsage from another of the great
ChincFe Viceroys. Taksu, at Canton, who
took charge after Li Hung's departure.
This also affirmed solemnly the safety of
the legations, and, coming from so many
different sources and from puch an im
portant Chinese official. ther<» dispatches
claim attention. A pessimistic view of
them, however, attributes them nil to a
common origin— namely. Borne one high
Chinese personage at Peking. It is noted
that Takfus assurance brings the Minis
ters one day further toward Jltimate res
cue than has any preceding message. The
fact that It allows only three days to
cover the transmission over the great dis
tance between Peking and Canton has at
tracted attention here, and appears to
demand explanation, if the message Is to
l>e accepted as genuine and of Peking 1
It was not known to the State Depart
ment until the publication of the fact In
the newspaper* that the French Govern
ment also had been addressed by the Chi-
nes=e Government in the effort to secure
mediation. It now appears that still
other powers were addressed in a similar
FtraJn. It la known that Great Britain
and Germany, and. probably, Russia,
have received such messages. The lan
guage 1b not the Fame, but the animating
idea is. The State department officials
pay that, generally speaking, this Idea Is
not so much to secure mediation as to
induce the powers to resort to a settle
ment of the difficulties between them and
China by the substitution of negotiations
for armed force. This appears more
clearly from a comparison of the various
notes than It did In the single note ad
1 drt-ssr-fi to the President.
War Department Energetic.
The chances of a successful outcome
; of this attempt of the Chinese Govern
ment to secure an amelioration of the
consequences of the Boxer uprising are
much diminished by the Intimation that
the powers are expected to refrain from
pressing the movement toward Peking.
On the contrary, the United States War
Department Is moving at present with
greater energy than at any time since the
original orders for troops to get it3 con
tingent in position for the task before it.
General Chaffee reported to the depart
ment formally to-day from Nagasaki and
there received the orders which have
been Bent by cable since his departure
from San Francisco. An idea of their
general character can be gathered from
the general's report that he was about
to push forward at once with his big
transport for Taku. He will not even
«top at Chefu and it is even doubtful
whether he will detain the Grant at
Nagasaki long enough to take on coal.
He Is energetically taking steps In ad
vance to meet the evil of which the for
eign naval commanders have complaii.ed,
but none have remedied— the lack of
landing facilities at Taku. To this end
he has Instructed Lieutenant Colonel
Coolidge of the Ninth Infantry at Tient
sin, to secure at once all of the tups and
lighters necessary to a speedy landing of
the reinforcements and stores' that .are
being carried by the. Grant.
Chinese Escort Not Wanted. "
In spite of the alarm with which the
Chinese officials, Including Li Hung
Chang, prefer to view the advance of the
allied forces on Peking, so far'as It affects
the safety of the foreign Ministers, It may
be said that none of the powers have
evinced any tendency to abate their prep
arations or accept an escort-of Imperial
troops for the Ministers from Peking to
Tientsin. This Government has acted all
the while on the theory that the Ministers
were alive and has accepted in good faith
the assurances of the Chinese . Govern
ment to this effect, but It has not reeog
nized In any way the suggestion contained
In Cheng's cable of yesterday that the
Chinese Government should furnish the
foreigners an escort out of Peking 1 . It
was said at the State Department to-day
that the American Minister Is not to be
delivered up by a force of Chinese troops
to the allied forces or to any one else.
This Government deems it much more ap
propriate. If he needs an escort out of
Peking, that It should be composed of
American soldiers.
OLD MOHICAN ORDERED
TO CHINESE STATION
Special Dl5i>atch to The Call.
VALLEJO, July 25.— Orders were re
ceived at Mare Island late this afternoon
to fit up the U. S. S. M6hican for duty
on the Chinese station and to have her
In condition to sail In seven days at the
most. It will take seventy-two days for
the Mohican to make the trip, and as she
Is one of the very old ships of the navy
some surprise Is expressed at her being
ordered to take such a long cruise.
The Justin and Nero have been ordered
Into commission, but will carry but one
naval officer each, the crews to be made
up of civilians.
BJBASSTTRED BY LI.
BRUSSELS, July 25.— The Foreign Office
to-day received the following: dispatch:
SHANGHAI. July 23.-LI Hung Chang' told
me the Chinese Government was arranging to
guarantee the retirement of foreigners In
Peking: toward Tientsin. DE CARTIER.
DeCartier Is secretary of the Belgian
legation at Pekins.
Bears Date of July 4 and Is Believed to
Have Been Written at the Time His
Recent Message Was Filed.
Europeans here understand thoroughly the last part of this edict, which states that Viceroys and Governors are comman
ed by the Dowager Empress to prepare for a Chinese war against the allied forces. Viceroy Taksu is bitterly anti-foreign and is
increasing his armaments, military and marine. His plans will be unmasked soon after the allied powers ascertain definitely the
facts concerning the massacre in Peking, which are being sedulously concealed.
Chinese gunboats infest the channel at the back of Shameen. Eighteen Chinese gunboats lie below the Imperial Govern
ment wharf awaiting orders.
NO HOPE FOR FOREIGNERS IN THE LEGATIONS.
LONDON, . July 26 i - r The Daily Mail publishes this dispatch Jr.om its special correspondent:
'•Shanghai. !¦ "Wednesday (urgent)— I have received furtnerinfofmation from' a naflvc employe who escaped from Peking
to Niuchwang. He states that when he left Peking a majority of persons in the British legation were dead and the condition of
the living was hopeless. This witness, who was an interpreter and writer at the British legation, states that Sir Robert Hart died
on July 2.
"No other dates are. given in the message from Miu Chwarig. The leading Chinese newspaper here published yesterday
a dispatch declaring that it was all over with the members of the legations. The president of a minor board at Peking wrote to
a relative in Shanghai under date of July 9, saving: • •
" 'The foreign legations are still uncaptured, but owing to the daily fighting it is rumored that only about 300 persons are
left alive in the legations, and if there is any delay in the arrival of the relief force I fear that none will be left to receive it/
"This letter is regarded in Shanghai as authentic. Strange enough it says nothing of any assistance to the legations by
Prince Ching or General Lung Lu."
RUSSIAN FORCE MAY HAVE BEEN ANNIHILATED.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 25. — In the opinion of the Russian General Staff, the protective force on the railway between
Charbin and Tijien must be in a critical position, since no definite news of the situation there has been received. All that is known
is that the wives and children of the workmen have fled to Charbin.
The detachment, which numbers 200. was at the end of June threatened by 15.000 Chinese, with artillery. As late as Julv
17 it had not been heard of either at Charbin or Sungari, and it is feared that the force has been annihilated.
Colonel Artamonoff. of the Russian General Staff, a well known traveler, has been ordered to proceed to Kwangtung
and then to place himself at the disposal of the Governor of Port Arthur.
General Sacharoff, Chief of the Russian Gendral Staff, wires under date of July 24, from Mikhailo, in the Semenovskaya dis
trict: .
"I am advancing. To-day we bombarded the fortified post at Lauschi. The garrison fled, and the post was burned, and its
walls destroyed."
"We are trying our utmost to preserve the lives of the other Ministers. They are still in safety. For fear that the
Viceroys and Governors may misunderstand the intention of this decree and rely on the safety of these Ministers as a
ground for making peace, let them—taking no need whatever— prepare for attack and defense. Neglect in fortifying the
districts under their jurisdiction will bring endless calamity. The Viceroys and Governors are to pay all their attention to
and urge on pre'parations for coast attack and defense. They are. to take the consequences in case of any territory being
entirely lost through their delay or mismanagement."
"We have lost Tientsin. Great precautions have been taken in Peking. No peace can be obtained without going through
war.
"In the time of Chungoow the agreement is made that no murder can be committed on Ministers from abroad. It is a
month since the Minister from Germany was assassinated by the Boxers. Strict orders have been given to arrest the mur
derer.
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by New York Herald Company. Itapublication of thi3 dispatch is prohibited. All
rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.]
XONDON, July 26. — The Daily Telegraph publishes this dispatch from its special correspondent:
CAXTOX, Tuesday, via Hongkong. July 25. — Viceroy Taksu to-day published the following mandate.
"An-important imperial decree was issued on. the 23d day of the sixth moon saying:
THE CALL'S SUHMARY OF
NEWS FROM THE FAR EAST
AT last the veil over Peking seems to be lifting. A native employe of the British legation who
escaped from the capital to Niuchwang states that when he left— on what date in July is not
specified — a majority of the foreigners in the legation were dead, and the condition of the
living was hopeless. According to a letter from a minor official in Peking, of the date of July 9,
received in Shanghai, only three hundred of the besieged remained alive and attacks upon the
legation were being continued.
That a general massacre would follow the fall of the legation was the fear expressed by
Minister Ccnger in a. dispatch of July 4 received in Washington yesterday. The siege had then
lasted two weeks, and the Chinese soldiery who constituted the sole government of the city were
determined to massacre all foreigners.
Tha Imperial Government is unable to longer conceal the fact that it is preparing for a
war aqainst the civilized world.
THE TROLLEY CAR LINE FROM THE RAILROAD STATION TO THE SOOTH GATE OF PEKING.
LETTER FROM CONGER
TELLS OF HIS PERIL
Imperial Edict Instructs Chinese Officials
to Prepare for a Struggle Against the
World and Warns That They Must Suffer
the Consequences if They Fail to Act.
I LETTER WRITTEN BY CONGER
on July 4 Tells of Attacks
on the Legations at Pe
king and Great Danger
of a General Massacre.
o o
VICEROYS ORDERED
TO WAR ON ALLIES
The San Francisco Call.
Alrthe CMnese authorities wnu7d"n > '»t allow the "saeriieplous" 5tcam railroad of the "foreign devils" to approach
rear the gates of the city, the terminus was made five miles south, where the line from Pautung later joined it. A Ger
man Cm (Siemens & Halske) secured a concession for and for some time operated an electric line to cover the remain
ing distance, but owing to the Boxer disturbances it was discontinued some two weeks before Captain McCalla's arrival
with the marines May 30.'The mob surrounded the prison, but the
police were there in force sufficient to
prevent an attack, and the rioters satis
tied themrelves by shooting into passing
street cars, wounding several persons,
white 3s well as black. At midnight tho
rioters began to disperse, poinp up town
in crowds. The mob was composed large
ly of .boys, aged from 15 to 18 year*.
One of the two negroes killed was mur
dfrTd in the tenderloin section, 1 being shot
after pulling a pistol to defend ¦ himself.
NEW, ORLEANS. July 23.— At least two
negroes were killed, several others malm
cfi, and still more serious trouble was
threatened in this city last night as a re
sult of the shooting of Police CaDtain Dav
and Policeman Lamb on Monday. The
police had found absolutely uo trace of
the negro Charles, the murderer of these
ollicers. Last night a tip was circulated
for a mass-meeting at Lee Circle, and by
? o clock a crowd of several thousand per
sons had gathered there. The crowd be
gan to march to the scene of the crime,
attacking and maltreatinp all negroes en
countered oil the way. Many shots were
fired and several negroes were hit.
Chief Caster and every available police
man, together with a company of militia,
hastened to the scene in time to turn the
mob, but they could not suppress the law
lessness. At 10 o'clock the rioters turned
their course toward the parish prison with
the avowed intention of lynching the ne
gro Pierce, who was with Charles when
the policemen were shot.
NEW ORLEANS, July 26,
6 a. m. — Word has just been
received that a crowd of hood
lums killed a n«gro at the
French market about 2 o'clock
this morning.
Outgrowth of the Shooting
of Captain Day and
Officer Lamb.
NEGROES KILLED
BY RIOTERS AT
NEW ORLEANS
In the supply train captured at Roode
val were 200 Welsh Fusileors. most of
whom h«d been prisoners. Dewet's force
is continuing to move northeasterly. It
was at Roodepoort; July 22. with Broad
wot.d not far behind and Little's cavalry
brjende following Brotrdwood.
Uaden-Powell reports as follows:'
-MAG ATA FARM, July <£.'.— Colonels
Arey and Lushlngton with 4.10 men drove
1000 Boers from a very strong position
and scattered I them with— considerable
loss. Our casualties were six killed and
nineteen wounded."
It is not clear whether the supply, train
and 200 Fusileer? mentioned in this above
dispatch are identical with the train and
1<«1 Cameron Highlanders, the capture of
which was reported by Lord Roberts In
his communication of July 22.
The following dispatch from Lord Rob
erts has been received at the War Office:
IJRONKHURST SPRUIT. July 24.— We
marched here to-day. This Ib the place
where the Ninety-fourth was • attacked
December 20, 1SS0. The graves of the, offl-
VANDEKMER WEST STATION, July
24.— We made a general advance yester
dny from the position we have been hold
ing-, east of Pretoria, since June 12. Ian
Hamilton, from the. north, reached Rust
foniein, seven miles north of Bi-onkhurst
Spruit, fin July 22. This so completely
surrounded the enemy's line of retreat
that they abandoned the strong position
they had been occupying in front of Pole-
Carew. Stephcnson's brigade advanced
yesterday unopposed to Elands . River
Station. Our right was protected by the
First and Fourth Brigades of cavalry un
der French, and Hutton's* Mounted In
fantry. The former crossed east of-Wil
goe River.
Telegraph and railway communication
was restored last night.
LONDON. July 25.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from
Lord Roberts:
General Advance MadeJFrom
the Position East of
Pretoria.
COMMUNICATION
IS RESTORED BY
LORD ROBERTS
Mr. A. J. Balfour, First Lord of , the
Treasury and Government leader in the
House, moved the closure, which was
carried— 169 ayes to 100 noes. The motion
on reduction of Mr. Chamberlain's salary
was then lost— 20S noes to 52 ayes— and the
Colonial Office vote was agreed to.
The opposition did not spare Mr. Cham
berlain. Liberal members sharply Inter
rupted him and charged him with mis-
Quottng other speakers and reminded him
that the whole history of South Africa in
the past seven year? had furnished sub
stantial ground for him to be suspected
in all his actions.
Mr. Chamberlain charged th« Radicals
¦with condoning rebellion. The policy of
th<» Government, he declared, however,
wns not vindictive, and instead of sub
jecting the rebels to the death penalty or
imprisonment, it only proposed to disarm
them politically for ten years. . -'
Mr. Chamberlain, replying, welcomed
the issue raised by the motion, ¦which, he
declared, meant that the war was. wrong,
and that, consequently, annexation of the
South African republics was wrong and
thHr independence should be restored to
them. In his opinion, however, the war
was just and righteous, and should not
bo judged by the consequences In loss of
life. John Bright had defended the Civil
War in America as .lust and righteous,
although the loss of life was as thousands
to units as compared with South Africa.
LONDON, July 25.— Discussion of the
Colonial Office vote led to a spirited de
bate in the House of Commons to-day, in
the course of which the Liberals again
aired most of the old charges against the
Colonial Secretary, Mr. Joseph Chamber-
Iain, and indulged in criticisms of the
South African war. Finally Sir Wilfrid
Lawson moved a reduction of Mr. Cham
berlain's salary as a mark of censure of
his policy.
LIBERALS BITTERLY
ATTACK CHAMBERLAIN
Broadwood reports that he captured
five of Dewet's wagons to-day. He was
waiting at Vredefort until Little joined
him.
cers and men »re in fair preservation and
will now be put In good order. The march
was unopposed, but French's cavalry and
Htitton's mounted infantry, making a
wide detour on our right, met bodies of
the enemy. These were driven back,
leaving .several d-oad and wounded. A
good many werp also captured. Our cas
ualties were, killed, one.
"The Austrian, American and Italian le
gations have beon burned down by Box
ers. The Russian legation was partly de
stroyed by flre." .
"After the German Minister had been
shot in the street he was taken to the
Tsung-li-Yamen. where he expired. The.
report of thia having reached the German
legation, the German marines stationed
there rushfd into the Tsung-11-Yamen. set
flre to the buildings and reduced them to
ashes.
"The Japanese marines occupied tha
residence of Prince Kiang. on the left
bank of the Imperial canal, opposite the
British legation, and undertook to gi\Q
shelter to about 300 native Christians.
NEW YORK. July 23.— The World
has this from Tokio: An official
telegram to the Japanese Depart
ment of State describes the assas
sination at Peking June 17 of the German
Minister, and says:
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Tsung-li-Yamen Build
ings Burned liter
Von Ketteler's
Murder.
VENGEANCE OF
THE GERMANS
SHANGHA I (Tuesday). July 24.-Two
thousand American troops have arrived
at Taku, aa well as eight transports filled
with British troops. Both detachments
are deficient in artillery. A cable steam
er has started to lay a cable from Wei
Hal Wei to Chcfu and .Taku.
Troops Arrive at Taku.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., July 25.—
Collector of Customs Huestis received In
structions to-day from Secretary Gage to
use every precaution to prevent the ship
ment of arms and ammunition to Asiatic
ports from Puget Sound, which may be
used in China to harm Americans residing
there, and he is further instructed to de
tain all vessels about to clear for Oriental
ports with arms until the department can
investigate. -Collector Huestia has notified
all owners and agents of vessels engaged
in the Oriental trade of this order, and
will also place a force of inspectors to
watch the loading of vessels for the
Orient.
WILL PREVENT SHIPMENT
OF ARMS TO THE ORIENT
- ST. PETERSBURG, July 25.— Russian
troops from Nikolsk and Sungary River
are hastening to the relief of Charbin and
other places in a similar plight.
General Grodekoff reports that the Chi
nese feebly cannonaded Blagovestchensk
Sunday, July 22. Little damage was done.
Cossacks are -crossing the Amur River,
dispersing the Chinese.
The steamer Vojevoda, which has ar
rived at Tolbuzin from Charbin, reports
that she was fired upon at Sausln by Chi
nese from the river banks and junks.
The Japanese Government: is ready to
mobilize three additional divisions for ser
vice In China, If required.
BLAGOVESTCHENSK
ATTACKED BY CHINESE
It is reported from Niuchang that the
Russians are concentrating forces at a
point fifteen miles east of that fort and
are awaiting reinforcements before ad
vancing on Mukden, Manchuria. The
Boxers have wrecked the bridges of the
Shanghai. Kwan and KInchau section of
the railway.
Admiral Seynlour and General Sir Al
fred Gaselee are consulting at Wei-IIai-
Wei.
There appears to bo a difficulty, owing
to the Russian censorship, to get an ac
curate idea of the situation in Manchuria.
The Government dispatches block the
available wires and little .private news
comes through. Nevertheless, there* are
rumors that the situation is more serious
than it is officially represented to be, and
that the Russians Have been driven back
while trying to save the southern por
tion of the Eastern Railway. The Chi
nese have burned Lavoang to prevent
Russian concentration there and are now
trying to smash communication between
Port Arthur and Nluchang. Tho critical
situation has forced the Russians to with
draw a number of troops from Tientsin,
while 3000 troops have been sent from Port
Arthur. It is reported that an entire army
corps is being mobilized at Odessa for
transport to Taku by the volunteer fleet.
"Much valued time Is wasted by the
present system. Little scouting is done
and very few guides are employed. The
allies have no Intelligence regarding the
position or numbers of the enemy. The
supplies of food and medical stores, as
well as the number of surgeons, is insuffi
cient."
The Tientsin correspondent of the Daily
Mail insists upon the necessity of a single
leader and of a general headquarters, with
an intelligence office. He says:
LONDON', July 2fi.-AVith the accum
ulation of evidence of an impend
ing big struggle comes also the
news of disagreements between the
powers and the foreign comman
ders, which threaten to hamper united ac
tion and to encourage Chinese resistance.
A conference of the admirals at Taku,
called to settle the question regarding the
management of the restored railway, de
cided in favor of Russian control, only
the British and American admirals dis
senting.
— »
Mobilizing Large Force
to Retrieve Manchu
rian Disasters.
CZAR TO SEND
A VAST ARMY
COLONEL, AAROX S. DAGGETT
of the Fourteenth United States
Infantry, now arriving at Taku,
will be the ranking United States
officer on the scene until the ar
rival of Major General Chaff.ee.
MAJOR WILLIAM CROZIER
went from Manila to Tientsin to
take charge of all supplies, arms,
ammunition, etc., for the United
States forces.
TIENTSIN*. July 21. via Shanghai.
July 25.— To-day's performance will
break the backbone of the Chinese
war party. At daylight this morn
ing the combined forces turned
their attack upon the Chinese left, which
was penetrated. As the Russians failed
to. make a suitable bridge across the
canal, the Chinese made a smart counter
attack on our right and left outposts.
This was repulsed by a handful or two
of men. who fought with great bravery.
i but^ with heavy casualties. No Amer
ican was injured.
At 1 o'clock In the afternoon the allies
bombarded the native city and after an
hour of magnificent work fcy two four
inch guns and three twelve-pounders the
fort and adjoining military pagodas were
in tiamep. Their destruction was com
plete. The fort replied feebly with a few
rounds, when one gun got the exact
range and fired several lyddite shells.
This is the fort that has been shelling
Tientsin since June 17.
The allied forces have spared the por
tions of the native city from which oper
ations have not been directed.
Chinese Soldiers Slay Boxers.
Chinese coming in from the country re
port that the Chinese soldiers are killing
the Boxers wherever the latter are seen,
giving as a reason that the Boxers de
ceived them into embarking on a hopeless
struggle. An intelligent Chinese said he
regarded this as a sign of widespread dis
'sension. It was only a matter of a short
time, he declared, before the same state
would exist in Peking, when, in all prob
ability, Ying Lu, commander in chief cf
the Chinese forces, and Prince Ching
would be able to regain sufficient influ
ence to make peace, especially if the for
eigners in the capital were safe. Thls»
appears to represent the general native
opinion here as far as it is possible to
ascertain it.
Colonel Boer of the French regiment.
Colonel YVogack of the Russians and Cot
onel Aoki of the Japanese will form. the
joint provisional government for the city
of Tientsin which it was recently de
cided to establish. They will be entrust
ed with thf» task of bringing something
like order out of the pxistlng chaos.
Since the issue of the proclamation in
viting well-disposed Chinese to return to
their homes a number have come hack
to tlie city, and many native servants are
coming to the settlements, a majority of
them returning to the service of their
previous employers.
The native city presents an appalling
spectacle o* ruin and desolation. The
suburbs wer? completely destroyed by
flre, mostly caused by the shells of the
allies on tha side facing the settlements.
It Is believed that not a dozen houses are
intact, and the wall was damaged by the
tremendous flre of the allies' artillery,
which, however, was apparently not
heavy enough to produce much effect. A
curious spectacle is presented by a num
ber of mud hovels immediately under.
neath the wall where the latter was most
damaged, hardly one of them showing
signs of having been hit.
Littered With Chinese Dead.
Tnsirle the city the damage was terrific.
The buildings nearest the wall* were
ruined by flre and many were totally
blown to pieces by the shells of the allies.
Among the smoldering ruins are many
charred corpses.
The allies are busy removing the bodies,
but. in consequence of the great number
of dead, many have not yet been buried
The streets throughout the city are gtr—^»n
with all kinds of articles, and coiens
of Chinese are digging in the ruins .iur I
money and other valuables.
Most of the houses which ore intact or
little damage.1 display the flags of one
or the other of the allied forces, the Jap
anese and French flags predominating.
There have been many attempts to imi
tato the flags, which, under other circum
stances, would be laughable. The houses
which do not display flags show bits of
cotton or paper bearing the names of the
allied nations and complimentary sen
tences. The French, apparently, are the
favorites, many of the pieces of cotton
and paper displayed bearing the Inscrip
tion "France" or Vive la France." All
are unmistakably in the hardwritingof
Vent Their Wrath Upon the Fa
natics Who Drew Them Into
a Hopeless Struggle.
t native clerks formerly employed by for
eign Chinese firms.
i It Is stated that the Chinese losses since
the troubles broke out are 11.000. most of
whom have been killed by Boxers and sol
diers. This i3 profcably much exaggerated.
Tribute to American Valor.
General Dorward. the British com
mander, has sent to the American com
mander a letter in which he says:
I desire to express the high appreciation of
the British tro< j»= of the honor done them la
serx-ln^ alongside th»!r comrades in the Amert
c-»n army and cf the high honor accorded me ta
having them under my command.
I blame myself for the mistake made in
taking their position by the NliHh Regiment,
not remembering that troops fresh to the scene
of action and hurried forward in the excite
ment of attack were likely to lose their way.
Still the position they took and gallantly stuck
to a!l day undoubtedly prevented a large body
or the enemy fr'.m tumlnar the right of the.
attacking force and lnfllctirx serious loss on
the French and Japanese. »
General Dorward also expressed h!«
sympathy with the Americans in the loss
of Colonel Liacum. commander of the
regiment, and Captain Davis of the Ma
rin<» Corps. He commended Lieutenant
Butler and Lieutenant Leonard ot the
Marine Corps, and Lieutenant Lawton of
the repiment, and praised Lieutenant Col
onel Coolldse for his skillful management
of the regiment.
Chinamen from the walled city describe
a reijm of terror inaugurated by th»
Boxers before the city fell. The Boxera
killed all Chinese who had been In tho
employ of Europeans, holding a daily in
quisition. They decapitated even thos»
suspected of friendship for foreigners or
of adopting foreign customs. The mere
wearing of .narrow sleeves was deemed
an offense justifying the death of the of
fender and the confiscation of his prop
erty.
CHINESE SOLDIERS
TURN UPON BOXERS
! T.n partMn the action. Many foreigners were
| afforded shelter ar.d protection during the night,
i A copy of the report of the commanding of-
I fleer cf the Monocacy 1? herewith inclosed.
j .The vessels, except the lit!?, took their as
i sjRr.ed pc sitlons early in tlie evening of the
] 16th irst., and about U:S5 a. m., one hour be
; fore the expiration of the time limit, all the
J fnrts' guns which could be trained on the
j ships fired simultaneously, many shots striking
, the Koreetx. The vessels returned the flre with
i a rapid fire from their cur.s. which, with, the
, exception of the guns nf six-inch caliber, were
I of small rapid-fire type.
The guns on the North Fort were chiefly 4.7
i inch, while the South Fort has a number of
I guns from 6 to S inches caliber.
The Algerlre. having aboard a landing party
of some 380 men. immediately put th»in ashore.
A portion of them advanced through Taku to
I the navy yard and took by surprise four now
modern torpedo boats, carrying two tubes and
Fix three-pounders each, and. convoyed by the
Fame and Whiting, took them to Tonsku.
; The Other landing parties and the remainder
of the Enslish, aggregating some twO men,
awaiting an opportune time for the assault.
The firing continued with more or less spirit
I until daylight, when It became very rapid and
j *iot i v<* .".i ii i\ i x. is r<?i"****rt**t.J vc*ry <^iis3s*t nous to t ht*
j Chinese. About 4:30 a shell entered the maga
; zlne of th«* Gullak, blowing It up, causing her
| to take water and burning forty-seven men
i more or Ie«s severely. She got over an awning
! "as a collision mat) and after a few hours'
! work was floating at her normal height.
Capture of the Forts.
At about 5 a. m. the gunboats having silenced
the Northwest Fort, a landing force charged
I and captured It. While hoisting the flag, casual
; ties occurred, notably the captain of the Japa-
I ne.«e landing party and one- English sailor
i killed and several wounded. The Chinese then
i abandoned th? N'orth Koit. which is Joined to
N- Tthwest Fcrt by a protected passage. After
; about two hours more the South Forts Were
; taken, after the explosion of the magazine,
i Most of the fx-cupants fled, but were net pur
j Fiir-d. Pome thirty or forty were found hiding
| in various :>arts of th<? fort. The several na
i tinns participating hoisted their flags on the
i various flags-taffs. The f,-rts b?!ni? of thick mud
j and grass a.dobe, were but little damaged by
] the gunfire, although they received a host ot
projectiles. The gun* and sunshields as a rule
| were not damaged. Two or three cf the mod
'¦ ern guns were disabled.
I The dead Chinese were not counted, but it Is
j estimated hy eye-witnesses that some 200 dead
! were left in the forts. The loss on the side
| of the allied forces was as nearly as possible
' as follows:
j Algr-rine— One officer badly injured, eight men
wounded. Iltis— Captain badly Injured, three
cr four men killed, six cr eight wounded
Kernr-Ptz— Two officers badly wounded, eight
men dead, twelve wounded. Gullak— One officer '
badly wounded, eight men killed, ten wounded, I
forty-sevrn burned by explosion of "powder
room." I.Ion— One man killed, one badly wound
ed. Other vessels engaged, injuries of minor
Importance.
The above is an account gleaned with con
versations of officers engaged, but may con
tain minor inaccuracies.
During the engacement guns were turned on
the Monocacy, which was out of the line of
fire. She was struck (no casualties) and was
forced to withdraw up the river. Very re
spectfully. IXHTIR KEMPFF,
Rear Admiral, U. P. X.
Commander Wise's Report.
Following- is the report of the action
made by Commander Wise of the Mono
cacy to Rear Admiral Kempff:
UNITED STATES SHIP MONOCACi'.
TONGKU, China. June 17. 1900.— Sir: I have
the honor to report upon the occurrences since
WASHINGTON. July 2r>.— The
Navy Department to-day made
public the mail reports of Hear
Admiral Kempff. explaining
his reufunp fur refusing to join
with the ships of the other
powers in the attack on the Taku forts,
and piving an account of the attack,
which includes many details not hereto
fore published. Admiral Kempff also in
closes the report of Commander Wise of
the Monocacy, giving- a graphic account
of the action. Rear Admiral Kempff's
explanation for refusing to participate in
the attack on the fortifications of a
power with which we were at peace is
warmly commended by Secretary Long.
The dispatches are as follows:
FLAGSHIP NEWARK, TAKU. China, July
IT. l*>oo.— Sir: I would state what follows Is
•in regard to the happenings previous to the
resolve yesterday by other senior naval officers
here to get possession of tho Taku forts. *
2. On Thursday, June 14, Kear Admiral Bruce
called nnd psked what I thought of the mat
ter, crd 1 informed him that I was not au
tborised to initiate any act of war with a
country with trhich my country was at peace;
that my limit was to protect American interests
l»oth by regulations and under recent instructions
from l»uth the department ar.d from the com
:nar.0er in chief cf the United States naval
force o.-i the Asiitic station.
3. On the J.".th at a consultation of th«- other
foreign naval officers, it was agreed that the
railroad station at TcnRku should be taken
*the railway \* un^er Chinese Government con
trol!, and In ca» any Chinese Oovernment
li'rw act<vt against tii»- force of any foreign
natlcn. t II should »«• Involved ami acv ui)lt>»<l
ly. Under rr.y instructions I could not join
in taking iios.^sion of Chinese Government
property, and did not care to become a party
in such an esreement without dr-finite author
ity.
4. Yesterday. June 16. the same foreign ;ia
val officers flened a compact that it was nec^
es?a;-y to take temporary possession of the
Taku forts, ani notice was served on the
Viceroy p.t Tientsin and on the commandant
of the forts. Consuls at Tientsin were inform
ed of what wad conterr.platc-d. 1 Old not Join
In the attack on the forts. Captain Wise of
the Monocacy hid orders to protect American
interests, based ui-on uppartmem's orders, , but
in ease of attack by a Chinese Government
force he was to ccn?ir>r it as a declaration of
w&r, and act accordingly. Very respectfully,
LOUIS KEMPFF.
R°ar Admiral, I". S. N.
To the Secretary of the Navy, Washington,
D. C.
Preparations for Attack.
TNITED STATES FLAGSHIP NEWARK,
TAK1". .fun* IV— Pir: I have the honor to re-
r f jrt e% follows: The comma n«lin? officer? of
th»' sninh'".ats in the riv^r met on the afternoon
of June !• nr;d agreed for the senior officer of
the cunhoats to direct th» movem* nt. This
officer h3r'V> p nrd to be a Russian. The positions
fnr Hip various punboats wer* 1 thrn assigned,
takir.p positions in the second reach of the
r:ver above the north fort. The gunboats" par
ti*Mpnting were the Knreetz. Ouilak. Kohr.
R'issian; Tltis, 'ifrman; I>ion. French: Algf
rir.p, Enslish. The F.nfrlish torpedo-boat de
ftrcyrrs Fame and \\ hitinsr joined in the Litter
.-•art. aft«r securing The captured torpedo-boats
¦>ear Tonjtku. The Japanes" gunboat claimed
that her engines were disabled, so she remained
mooreil nrar Tongku and was assigned charge
of the railway station at that place. The
t'nited Pistes ship Monocacy, being under
oidrrs. remained moored at Tongku and took
Rear Admiral Describes the Bombardment and
Capture of the Chinese Forts by the •
Warships of the Allies.
yesterday noon. I attended a meetinK of offi
cers at *> p. m. on board the Rorbora. I wao
shown the protocol and ultimatum as to the
Taku forts. The signatures to the document
were autographic, and as yours was not ap
pended 1 informed the senior officer that lie
would have to leave the Monocacy out of thf
plans and places for the vessels of the at
tacking forces.
2. The first pun was flred at 12:45 a. m.. and
with the Ftmultaneotis discharge that followed
two of the shots passed over the Monocacy,
although she was out of the line of fire be
tween the forts nnd vessels attacking.
3. The Iltis did not leave her berth, whlcli
woe a short distance from mine, until 12:30.
and the Japanese did not leave her's during
the boinbardmt?nt.
4. The flre was well sustained on both sides,
and although shells continued at intervals to
it to a wide flrins by the forts'. About 2:30
1 was standing on top of the pilot-house, by
the GatlJng I had mounted there, when I
luanl a shell approaching and immediately
hfnrd a. crash. The second cutter, hanging at
her ilavlts a few feet below and behind me,
hnd been struck by a shell. It had entered
her stern, tor» out the bottom and rangln.,'
diagonally across the ship, causing the fall
of the steam launch, smafhlng port forecastle
ladder and passed through the ship's side, in
which it left a clear cut over all two feet i»y
ten Inches. There were many men on the for
ward main deck and it must have fcon«* a.-;
close to some of them as it did to me. It
fortunately missed the launch's davit, as that
would have caused It to explode.
5. It was difficult to make out how the allies
were farins. but they were evidently closing, as
after 3 a. m. discharges from guns like Gat
llngs or Maxims were heard. At 4 o'clock
there was a tremendous explosion, which I at
tributed to a magazine in one of the forts.
Steamed Out of Range.
fi. Toward 4 o'clock the bursting of shells In
my near vicinity increased to such an extent
that It occurred to me that the forts might be.
directing some of the fire on the railroad sta
tion, as in this flat country it was a prominent
mark, and a number of Japanese and Russian
troops were encamped around it. In such case
the Mnnocacy would be in considerable danger
from fire which I had hitherto considered bad
shooting. Acting upon the thought. I at once
cast off everything. 1 steamed away from the
bank and went two miles up the river, an
choring: In the first hend. This move was
made at 4:20. and at 5:30. the fire slackening
and a Japanese flag floating over one of the
forts. I rettirtied to my berth.
7. I was able to render the following assist
ance: First, a party of thirty-seven ladles and
fhlldren, refugees from the mission at Taku
had fled hurriedly on the notification of the
bombardment. They came aboard last night at
9 o'clock and are still with me. Also came two
officers of H. M. S. Darfieur, who 'had come
flown from Tientsin too late to get to any
Knelish ship. Aa I was coming down the river
at fi a. m. I mot an English torpedo-boat tow
ing a rhinese boat prize. I had no small boat
to make a landing, so I sent the launch to run
her line ashorp. for which thanks have been
returned. I have taken on board and had
stireicnl attendance for the following: A
Japanese soldier with a gunshot wound, a
Chinese coolie found close to the ship with
arm torn oft hy fragment of shell, a Russian
soldier with wound In the hand.
S. Taku forts deserted by every one. No
trains: no telegraphic communication from
anywhere; but I had a telephone from Mr.
rettlnplll, which reports all quiet since first
disturbance.
9. I know nothing of the fight except that the
forts were taken. I feel a natural regret,
shared, no doubt, hy the officers that duty and
orders prevented tho old Monocacy from giving
her ancient smooth-bores a la*t chance. Very
respectfully, • F. M. WISE,
Commander U. S. N\
COMMANDER F. M. WISE of the
United States war steamer Mn
nocacy has been placed in com
mand at Taku.
KEMPFF EXPLAINS WHY HE
WOULD NOT ATTACK AT TAKU
MAJOR JESSE M. LEE. senior
major of the Ninth United States
Infantry, was wounded, at the
storming and capture of Tien
tsin.
It has been definitely settled *ihat I
troops are to po to China on the transport !
Hancock, which leaves this port Saturday \
July 2S. Lieutenant Colonel John EL Calef. i
With Batteries A. D. I and O of the Third j
Artillery will go to China on the Han- 1
rock. The battalion of marines under '
Major Randolph Dickens is also booked I
for. this vessel. Her list aJso shows the ¦
following: Major Hugh J. Gallagher and i
four cJork*. eighteen officers of the United j
States Marine Corps, seventeen privates
rf,the Hospital Corps. X'. S. A.; nine Sig- :
raJ .Corps privates, ten recruits for Light
Battery K. Fifth Artillery, and seven cas
uaW and recruits of the Ninth infantry.
HEROES OF SAN JUAN
EN ROUTE TO CHINA
Pr-*" 1 ;"! O>b.<» to Th«> <"sll an/! >«¦ Vnrk H«. - r
&16 Coprrl«l>t. ISO", by the H-mld Tub
lishins CompRny.
HONGKONG. July 2.v-Th<» position of
affairs here is unchanged, but the popu
lnce is uneasy. The «>overnnr of Canton
has received a dlnpatch from Peking
dated July :"i. which ssyp the Ministers
ere safe and leaving under an escort of
Imperial troops for Tientsin. Most per
sons here consider this a "bluff."
CLAIMS THE MINISTERS
ARE LEAVING PEKING
The newspapers herp nrn advocating an
understanding with Russia permitting
the dispatch of Japanese troops to Korea
fn case the rtisturZ>ances sjjread from
Manchuria there.
YOKOHAMA. Tuesday. July 24.-Tele
prams from Seoul and Chemulpo, under
date of yesterday, report from Russian
wurces that eighty Russians have been
killod by Chinese at Among, twenty
escaping across the Y.-du river to Jiju
<\Vijut. According- to another account
f;fty Russians who had been defeated by
Chinese arrived at Jiju Sunday en rout*
from Port Arthur to Pyongyang. Rus
sian officials have left Seoul* for Pvong
yanp.
EIGHTY RUSSIANS
KILLED BY CHINESE
SEATTLE. July 2r>.— Troop B. of the
First United States Cavalry, arrived in
Prattle this afternoon from Fort Russell.
Wyoming, and later Troops J and I., ar
rived Jind went into quartf-rs at Intrrbay.
Still later thirteen cars of mules cam*' in.
All are on their way to the Orient. Five
Transports are here or are due within a
few days to oarry the soldiers, horses and
mules to the Orient. It Is expected that
the shipnu-nt of mule^alone will number
£700 animals.
ST. IX)riS. July 25.— A special train
from Louisville, Ky.. carrying one squad
ron of the Third United States Cavalry
&jid thrc-e companies of the Fifteenth
i;n;trd States Infantry, arrived in St.
Louis at 3 o'clock this afternoon. The
troops are fully equipped for fipld s^rvicr
find are hound for San Francisco, whence
they will embark for the Philippines or
China. .
MOVEMENTS OF TROOPS
EN ROUTE TO CHINA
Thf Kreissiimip-" Zeitunp says: "The
<'hin*>sr> hope- to break the concert of the
I'owrrs by cunningly sending a lot of ap
parently favorable iiews to Washington,
but the plan has Keen frustrated bv the
sound sense of the I'nit^d States." Mr.
McKinley's reply, while In a form more
conciliatory than the rcnlir-s of Franco
arul Germany, means in" substance the
sapi*- thing, as <'hin:t is unable to fulfill
President McKinley's conditions • for
mediation.*!
The Kro-uz Eeituns. which calls atten
tion to th^ <"'hiriose fleot, says: "This
fleet, which ntust be destroyed before it
can do any dama^. i= o,uit<? considerable,
containing fifteen large and efficient
cruisers and thirty torpedo-boata. More
ovfr, it is quite possible that the Chinese
have made the nme astonishing derelop
ment in naval affairs as in military mat
ters fince I?y5.
Tbe National Zeitung says: "President
M r Kinky"s answor shows that he virtu
ally views the situation in China, espe
cially at Peking, aa do Germany and
Trance. It certainly dues not show any
lack of solidarity."
Thf» Deutscfoe Tages Zoitung says:
"President McKinley apparently will be
quite satisfied if the American Minister
la saff. and there is no mention of the
solidarity of Interest with the' other
1'Owers."
P.ERLIN. July 25.— The German Govcrn
inrvit gave out no Chinese news to-day
and expressed no opinion regarding Presi
dent McKlnley's answer to Emperor
ICwang Su. as the Government desires to
await the result of Count von Bulow's
• rnference with the Emperor at Bremer
haven. Various opinions are expressed
by the papers as to President McKinloys
reply to the Chinese Emporor. The semi
<-:ticial Uerliner Post points out that the
answer docs not insist upon redress and
satisfaction for the horrible outrages
kno«i*K to have bo«>n committed.
GERMAN CRITICISM
OW AMERICA'S COURSE
"When a Foreign Minister," continued
Secretary Hay, "brings to the State De
partment a communication from his sov
ereign we receive i*. :tnd accept it on the
basic St is true. This communication was
Iroi.-prht id us in that way and we ac
«»T'tr-d it as true. It would be useless
f < r us to call its veracity into question.
even if we considered it questionable or
untrue, because in cither case our course
v.nuld be the fame. That course would
Jirst be to ascertain for <iursrlves wheth
er or rot those people are alive. Sec
ondly, in case thry are alive, to take all
Fteps poseibU) toward preserving their
lives and placing them in a position of
safety."
Secretary Hay was In communication by
telephone with the President. He leaves
here to-morrow morning for Washington,
Flopping a: Canton. _
"It's likely that if the Conger letter of
July 4 is genuine, the other would not
lie. This, however, is my personal opin
ion, not rr.y official opinion. I think my-
Kelf there are more reasons to accept the
genuineness of the uispatch datod July
hihaii to discredit it. Whenever 1 re
tcfr-e an official dispatch which ought to
he given to the public I give 5t and also
lire circumstances under which It is re
ceived and let the public judge. This is
what I did with the Conger dispatch dated
Jnly IS. At the time I never guar
anteed its authenticity.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. July 2:..-P<f>ero
tary of State John Hay to friends
ftore to-day paid he had begun to
believe the worst had hampered at
Peking, and that there had been
fom«» juggllrg with Conger'? message of
July 18. Secretary Hay was shown the
djspatch containing the letter from Min
ister Conger, dated July 4. It tends to
djjrcr&3it the genuineness of tho date
;uaced on the message paying foreigners
Mere Fafe on July IS. He read the dis
jiatch over and over and his remark was:
Acting Assistant Surgeon W. M. Hen
drickf-on, 1'. S. A., of Fort Baker, will
relieve Acting Assistant Surgeon R. K.
Williams, I". S. A., at Fort McDowell,
who will relieve Acting Assistant Surgeon
W. A. McVean, V. S. A., for duty on the
transport Hancock. Acting Assistant Sur
geon McVean la assigned to duty at the
general hospital," Presidio.
Two prisoners escaped from Alcatraz on
the 2;;d inst. by changing their prison
clothes for piiits of blue and mingling with
the men of Battery I, Third Artillerv.
wTio were being transferred from the
island to the Presidio. ,
Acting Assistant Surgeons F. T. Wood
bury and Hugo A. Wahl are relieved from
duty at the general hospital, Presidio, and
are assigned for duty with the Third Ar
tillery during the voyage of the Hancock
and for service abroad.
and submit recommendations looking to
I lie release of those deserving of clem
ency.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Major Randolph Dlckins, who command?
the battalion of marines ordered to China
on the Hancock, was captain of the ma
rine sruard on the Oregon on her famous
trip around tho Horn. A board of officers,
composer! of Captain Alexander B. Dyer,
Sixth Artillery; Captain B. W. Atkinson,
Sixth Infantry, and Acting: Assistant Sur
geon J. B. Cutter, will meet at Alcatraz
on the 27th inst. to consider the appeals
of prisoners for commutation of sentence
The total number of officers and men
bonked for transportation on the Hancock
is 1030.
Troop H. Ninth Cavalry, colored, of s.m
Juan Hill fame, arrived yesterday morn
ing. The troop Is commanded by, Captain
A. M. Fuller. They are a hardy-looking
lot nnd every one <>f them is anxious to
have a chance to add to the reputation of
tho "Fighting Ninth." Troop H went int.i
«-:imp at the Presidio, where it was later
joined by Troop <". which arrived at 6
p. m. from Fort Douglas, Utah.
The Secretary of State Now Believes
Conger's First Message Was Jug
gled With and Fears the Worst
Has Happened to Peking Foreigners.
NEW YORK, July 25.— The Journal
has this from Hongkong: Consul
General Wildman has been in
formed that the Chines© Governor
of the Island of Hainan ha9 served
notice on the Consuls that he is unable to
protect foreigners any langer. The Amer
ican missionaries have appealed to Consul
Wildman to send a warship to Hoi-How
to bring away foreigners.
It is believed that three men. three
women and three children belonging to the
American Presbyterian Board's mission
at Nodoa. Hainan, have been murdered by
Chinese imperial troops. The last news
from there was on July 12. at which time
they repelled an attack of Boxers.. /%
Hongkong is full of refugees. . An out
break is expected west of the river.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Probable Fate of Nine
Americans at a Mis
sion in China.
MURDERED
BY BOXERS
HAY LOSES FAITH IN CHINESE ASS URAN CES
AMERICAN OFFICERS ON DUTY IN CHINA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 26, 1900.
Convention in Cuba.
HAVANA. July 25.— The decree calling
for a constitutional convention and pro
viding for the election of delegates will
be promulgated to-morrow. The | election
will be held on the third Saturday in
September and the convention will meet
in Havana on the first Monday In i No
vember. ' . . - .. ; : ¦ . . ¦¦¦"..••
2
P 1 ! y 'A \\ 1° £«g e Nlc «'T moctratel r J3
' / _^^ "». ') » Book Free on Application rS^*^*^ '
"^ i . Send tor It Today ' *'J^ sS^"^
NO CURE, NO PAY!
r-J™i=F a , nde ? t " >me^y | n "J« world for rheumatism. Weak Kidneys. Stomach or Llvw
? w mP n2i'^ nts Lame Back Nervousness and Physical Decline Is Dr. MoLauVhlln^ Flor
trtc Belt. It roursi glowing vitality into the body for hours at a tlm« vit« iit"t,» .k"
nerves and restoring vijrorous circulation. It cure* after all other re£edi« t » K i th *
Dr. ncLauffhlin's Electric Belt
A free test to all who call. Send for free descriptive bSCk to-dky!
DR M A MpT SlllCyhlin I 02 Market St. Cor. Hearny.
MJkXm 1U« A. JLIll/LlClUjillllll, San Francisco, aijd Cor Sprlna
\ °. ' a r.<» Second Sts.. Los An B el«3. MSpecial Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 25.— The forest
fire in San Gabriel Canyon has got a» fresh
start. The guests at Sturtevant's Camp
are prepared to move at any "moment.
It Is feared by the forest rangers that
It will be impossible to save the camp,
as the fire is slowly eating Its way in
that vicinity. The camp is. however, sur
rounded by wide trails and the entire
force of fire fighters, which now numbers
about seventy men, will do all in their
power to save the camp.
Supervisor Longdon left to-night for the
scene of the mountain lire. Although on
the Government land, the district comes
within that covered by the Supervisors.
Mr. Longdon, although he does not pro
fess to be a practical mountaineer, thinks
the idea .of the Government to cut wide
trails through the mountains is the best
safeguard against fire that can be sug
gested.
District Attorney Rives thinks there are
laws enough now to reach the starters
of fires, but the trouble lies in the fact
that after the fire has been started
the time to bring the laws into effect
is too late, as tho mischief has then been
done. .
SAN RAFAEL. July !3.— The Republicans of
this city . met this evenlce and formed a Mc-
Klr.ley-Rnosevelt club. The officers elected
wore: S/ P. Morehead. president: ¦ W.- S. Drey
polcber. vice president: George Hansen. secre
tary. . Speeches were made and bonfires and
the" exploding of cannon celebrated tho event.
Guests at Stnrteyant's Camp Are
Prenaieito Flee for TMr Lives.
Indians in Montana Firing tlie •
Lewis and Clarke Reseire.
FLAMES AGAIN RAGE
IN SAN GABRIEL CANYON
The Indians this morning held a mass
meeting. They threatened to kill all the
Japanese, who outnumber them twenty to
one.
The police patrol steamers were out all
day with the Japanese fleet and reported
to-night that there did not appear. to b*
a 6lngle case of interference. The Jap
anese are said to be quarreling among
themselves. It is reported from white
fishermen's pources that they went out
yesterday morning on false pretenses with
the sole object of breaking up the strike.
They say that Okal. the principal Jap
anese contractor, was bought over by the
canners, and he promised his countrymen
that if they went out the whites would
follow. The result Is that a score of Jap
anese boats which came in to-day stayed
In and hung up their nets to dry. They
wished to do what the white fishermen
did. The report i3 probably exaggerated.
Three hundred fishermen strikers came
in this morning to Vancouver from Ste
veston to attend the trial of Frank Rog
ers, vice president Of the union, accused
of intimidation. Rogers was arrested
three days ago and was out on bail of
$1O». The crown feared that a convic
tion would lead to a riot, and bo the
charge was withdrawn on the expressed
stipulation that "It may be brought up
later when the present difficulties are
over." That was at noon to-day and Rog
ers was in Stevestort speaking at the
meetings at 3 o'clock. His counsel urged
that the case be gone- on with, but a bench
of three magistrates agreed to the with
drawal.
This afternoon the largest hall in the
town waa rented for a mass-meeting bv
the strikers. It cannot hold more than Z'*3
people, and three separate meetings were
held. Three hundred men filed in at a
time, and every one was pledged to keeD
secret the proceedings.
To-day Colonel Worsnon. the officer
commanding the military detachment at
Steveston. sent in for tents and blankets
His officers have no hesitation in statinij
that they look for trouble before the mat
ter is settled.
It is openly asserted that an attempt
will be made during the next twenty-four
hours by the strikers to take away the
arms of the militiamen. The suggested
proposition is that this would be easv of
accomplishment in the darkness "The
white men sav they have nothing to eat
save what Is subscribed by outside
unions, and believe that if the strike lasts
many more days their men will go to their
homes.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July S.-Desplte
the fact that statements have been made
that fighting would not occur as a result
of the ftshermen"s strike, the condition of
things at the present moment in Stevo
ston is exceedingly serious. The calling
out of the militia, "to protect the Japa
nese against the white men and help
them to take our river from us,"' as the
strikers put it. has caused the bitter feel
ing to grow more intense, and the Queen's
uniform is now openly Insulted on the
streets of Vancouver and Steveston.
There are ISO militiamen, most of them
young business men of 20 to 22 The
strikers, of whom there are about KKW
•white men and Indians, have 700 ritles
Thl3 was stated on good authority to
night, and this fact alone seems to be the
forerunner of trouble.
Special Dispatch to The C&.1L
Fishermen's Troiles on tie Fraser
Riyer, Near Vanconyer, May Yet
Resnlt in a Recourse to
Anns and BlooflsM,
STRIKERS THREATEN
TO DISARM MILITIA
Dr. Hanna Faid that the smallpox which
has gppeared at Rio Vista. Marysvill*.
SACRAMENTO. Ju!y 25— Dr. Tv\ J.
Hanna Of the State Board of Health, who
C-jrfr.g the abser.ee of Secretary "W. P.
Mathews has been acting- in that capa
city, said to-n!ght that reports received
by him from Dr. W. S. Maker.son, health
u"cpr at Rio Vista, are to the effect that
all the cases at that place are under ef
fective quarantine, and that there is no
lyrjunfi whatever for alarm.
Esecla! Scratch to The CalL
Dr. Eansa of Sacramento Qiyes tlie
Qnietns to tie Rumors in Cir
culation That tlrc Malady Is
LtlL-Uliilild LililiClilii/.
SMALLPOX IS NOT
SPREADING IN THE STATE
There does not exist In Jackson a case
of emallpox that is causing uneasiness
It is not spreading here and it has not
been spread from here to any adjoining
town. While the efforts of our officers
to stamp out the disease are costing the
county many thousands of dollars. th«?lr
efforts will not be relaxed until the last
house has been disinfected after all pa
tients are released and safe to go about.
Notwithstanding these facts a meeting
has been called for to-night at Sutter
Creek to take steps toward quarantining
against Jackson, but the wagon is sent
here every day from the steam laundry
at that place. Di.«trict Attorney Viclni
was told by telephone this evening that
the people of Sutter. as a rule, would not
participate in the meeting. Dr. Endicott
the health officer, is out of town and
cannot be seen to-night, but in all mat
ters bearing en the present unforturrate
situation he is in perfect harmony with
the District Attorney and a committee of
prominent citizens appointed recently to
act la the matter.
The disease got the start of our physi
cians at first because of its mild form, and
there were some twenty cases supposed
to be measles. As eoon as it was discov
ered to be varioloid a strong quarantine
was put on every house even suspected of
containing a case. The manner of quar
antine has since been changed, and seven
mounted men are patrolling the town.
Occupants of Infected houses are not per
mitted off the premises and no visitors
are admitted. Four houses have had the
quarantine raised after being thoroughly
disinfected, the patients having fully re
covered. But one death has resulted di
rectly from the disease and all remaining
cases are deemed of trifling importance
even by the patients themselves.
JACKSOX. July 25.— While a few excita
ble people are talking about the short
comings of the people of Jackson In deal
ing with our smallpox cases, and with th«
health officer and District Attorney in
particular, the fact Js the disease Is fully
under control and is not being spread
from here — a report given currency
through certain newspapers.
cerning Spread of Malady.
Special Dispatch to The Ca!l.
TJeny Iteports Given Currency Con-
3ACKSOITLANS DTDTGNANT.
The truth of the situation Is Flmrly this. A
ftranRer came here from the vicinity of Marvs
vll!» with symptoms of the <Jl»e*s*. He worked
with two men. one named Davidson and the
other McDonaJd. and all three came down with
the maJa£y. They are now in quarantine in a
tent located about Tour miles from town. At
the present time there Is no smallpox !n Rio
Virta and people are as Fafe to come and go
here as anywhere In the State. The cases are
of a mild form and are rapidly prcgresslns
toward a. complete cure.
The people of Rio Vista, down the Sac
ramento Kiver, are Indignantly protesting
as-alnst the reports which have gained
circulation of an epidemic of smallpox
in that community. They assert that there
are but three canes there: that the dis
ease is of the mildest form, and that
the cases are isolated and the quarantine
perfect. This claim Is substantiated by
the information which ha_s been offieeial
ly received by the State Board of Heplth
A Press dispatch, published yesterday!
asserted that the disease was spreading
in Rio Vista and that the river steam
boats, fearful of the contagion, declined
to touch at the landing there. Pilots on
the river steamers declare that the as
sertions are entirely untrue. To-night The
Call correspondent secured telephonic
communication with Benjamin Fleischer
a merchant of Rio Vista. Bald Mr'
Fleischer:
Jackson and other points within the past
two months has invariably been of a
moderate type, and he asserted that it
was brought to this State from the East
as advices from Illinois health authorities
proved. Dr. Hanna said that there waa
nothing In the situation anywhere In the
fctate to warrant fear, since the d!sea*<i
was well in hand" and farther spread was
extremely improbable, while complete re
covery was reasonably sure in all In
stances where the malady had broken
out.
Dr. Flr.ipan came to San Jose In 1ST0
ar.d engaged in his profession. He has
Dr. Fjnlgu was a r.ative cf Cincinnati,
Ohio, ar.d years of age. H<? took up the
Etodjr cf hi? profession Jn Cincinnati. In
l^Zl. when only 15 years of age, he enlisted
in the l*r.ited States army and fought for
three y^ars in the Civil War. He was a
member of Company D. Fiftieth Ohio
Infantry. In July. 1R€5. he was mustered
( -:t tf-ca^se cf disability. At the battle
of Kr-tr.kiln. Tf-nn.. he received, a gun
ehot wound !n the right Fide of the head.
Special iy.s;atch to Tfce Call.
SAX JOSE. July Co.— Dr. Lawrenc*
M. Finlgan, one of the most
prominent dentists of the States
died at his home ia this city, at
Eleventh and San Fernando
Ftrects, at T o'clock this morning of
Bright's disease. Ke had been ill for
P*=veral months.
Two year? ago Dr. Finigan was appoint
ed a member of the Police and Kire Com
mission of this city by Mayor Martin.
His term expired at the beginning of Ms
Illness, and he was reappolnted for a
second time, but has been unable to at
tend any of the meetings.
About twenty years ago Dr. FInJgan
was married to Mrs. Mary Blr.ney a
daughter of Dr. A. McMahoii of this city
Besides the widow deceased leaves three
children. Miss Dollie, ar.d two younger
Bisters, and a steppon, Dr. Frank 'Binney.
been President of the Santa Clara County-
Dental Association and also a. member of
the State Dental Association. He took a
particular Interest in Grand Army mat
ters, being a member of Phil -Sheridan
Post. No. T. Kor eight years he was
quartermaster of the post, served a term
as its commander, was a member of the
State council of administration, and serv
ed as aid to the State Commander. G. A.
R. The doctor was also prominent in
other fraternal organizations, and had
been master of Enterprise Lodge, A. O.
U. W.
THE LATE DR. LAWRENCE M. FiNIGAN OF THE GARDEN CITY.
terey County, and CO0O; to Joseph F. Kelly. &
brother, his interest in the branch firm of T.
J. Kelly & Bro.. located at Kara, and |500O;
to MIsb Greta Evans, a couMn, $1 ! j00: to Mrs.
Mary E. Bennett, a cousin, $1000; to Mrs. Xan
cy Lunn. an aunt, I2S.»: to the Youth's Direc
tory of this city $1000: to Rev. Patrick J.
Cummins, pastor of St. Charles Borromeo
Roman Catholic Church. $1000; to Mount St.
Joseph's Orphan Asylum of this city, J1CO0; to
Miss Marie Kelly, a niece. $22)0.
The will also directs that the business
at 7 Battery street be sold and the pro
ceeds divided equally among his three
brother?. John M.. Joseph F. and Thomas
W. Kelly. To them are also bequeathed
four life insurance policies, amounts not
made public, and. after providing that in
event of the death of any of the other
beneficiaries th*!r bequests shall go to his
brothers, he bequeathes them the rest and
residue of his estate.
Thomas W. K*»lly. Paul P. Hay and
Thomas R. Bannerman are named as
executors.
VALLEJO, July 23.— In consequence of the
retirement of Captain Gibson. Lieutenant Com
mander Phelps became No. 1 on the list of lieu
tenant commanders.
The Rev. F. B. Sapp of San Jose, the Rev.
Clarence Needham of Gait, the Rev. Mr. Dixon
of Chico. the Rev. W. V. Boltz of Oregon, the
Rev J O Davis of Holllster. the Rev. R. H.
Sawyer of Watsonvllle. thf R»r. W. M. White
of San Francisco.' the Rev. Hiram Van Kirk
of Berkeley, the Rev. B. F. Bonnell of Geyser
ville the Rev. II. W. Powers of Colusa, the
Rev D A. Russell of Palo Alto, the Rev. J.
E. Donovan of College City.
Chairman. W. H. Martin has appointed
the following committees:
Nomination— The Rev. Henry Shadle of Sac
ramento, the Rev. S. S. Murphy of Red Bluff,
the Rev. H. C. Shropshire, of Santa Cruz.
Committee on State Work— The Rev. R. X.
Davis of Fanta Cruz, the Rev. J. W. Kelsey
of Bakersfleld. the Rev. Henry Shadle of Sac
ramento the Rev. R. U, McHatton of Santa
Cruz, the Rev. W. I*. White of San Francisco.
The Sunday-school convention begins to
morrow morning.
The Rev. B. J. Dillon, a member of the
association, has been expelled for immoral
conduct.
The following ministers have joined the
association:
President, the Her. J. A. Brown of Salinaa;
vice president, the Rev. R. 1,. McHatton of
Santa Crua: pecretary. the Rev. W. F. Reagor
of Colusa: treasurer, the Rev. R. X. Davis of
Santa Cruz, f..-
The Rev. Hiram Van Kirk gave his first
lecture before the association. This even
ing there was a praise service. The ser
mon was by the Rev. B. F. Bonnell of
Geyserville. *
At a meeting of the ministers the fol
lowing were elected officers of the Min
isterial Association for the coming year:
Many new ministers have arrived. In
cluding Rev. A. C. Smither, the leading
minister of the church of Southern Cali
fornia, who preaches In Los Angeles.
The first number on the programme at
the convocation this morning was a pa
per on "Some Real and Supposed Dan
gers to the Bible 1 ' by the Rev. A. M. Els
ton of Berkeley. The discussion was open
ed by the Rev. J. J. Morgan of Woodland.
The sermon was on the "Primitive Gos
pel." by the Rev. S. A. Boltz of Oregon.
This afternoon a paper on "Keep in
Touch" by the Rev. D. W. Honn of Mo
desto was read by the Rev. Thomas Law
son, the State evangelist. S. A. ' Nesbitt
of Holllster opened the discussion.
SANTA CRUZ. July 23.— The delegates
at Garfleld Park combine much pleasure
with their State meeting. Nearjy all those
In attendance are fond of bathing and
every day many of them are enjoying
themselves in the surf.
Members of the Garfleld Park Con
vention Are Refreshing Both
Body and Soul.
BUSINESS AND PLEASURE
OF CHRISTIAN DELEGATES
To Marram T. Kelly, decedent's mother.
proverty in the X.Tmstead Tract. Los Angeles,
and J5Q0O: to Thomas %V. Kelly, a brother, his
interest In the firm of T. J. Kelly & Bro. and
$5000; to Jr>hn M. Kelly, a brother, his interest
in the firm of Kelly & Wohler. Salinas. Mon-
As soon as the news of the finding of
the body of Mr. Kelly was conveyed to
the relatives of the deceased, his will was
filed for probate. In the petition accom
panying the will it is said that the value
of the estate is unknown, but it will ex
ceed $10,000. Those having a knowledge of
the decedent's business affairs say that
it will not fall far short of 1100,000, if. In
fact, it does not exceed that figure. By
the terms of the -will the estate 13 dis
posed of as follows:
Relatives of the Late Mr. Kelly Pre
sent the Document for Probate.
FILING OF THE WILL.
It was on July 15 that Tobias J. Kelly
invited Miss Bessie Warren to take a trip
with him In his sailboat. They started
from Belvedere. The wind was fresh at
the time and the bay a bit choppy, but
no fears were entertained by Kelly. Their
friends waved them a farewell as the boct
sped out over the waters. That was the
last seen of them alive, and no trace of
the boat has been found, save one oar.
Searching parties spent many days In a
vain effort to recover the bodies. Miss
Warren's body has not yet been found.
nole point, by a party of Italian
fishermen. The body was brought to this
city this afternoon, and hl3 brother, J. T.
Kelly, together with the Coroner, were
sent for. The body was dressed In a
yachting suit composed of white trousers,
white silk shirt, white shoes and black
belt. . The face was easily recognizable,
not being much decomposed. J. T. Kelly,
accompanied by Frank T. Carter from
San Francisco, arrived on this evening" a
train and immediately recognized the re
mains as those of his brother. A Coro
ner's Inquest was held and a verdict was
rendered that t_be deceased was accident
ally drowned. The remains will be taken
to San Francisco for interment.
ENICIA. July 25.— The body of
Tobias J. Kelly was recovered
to-day in San Pablo Bay. be
tween the Two Sisters and Pi-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOBIAS J. KELLY, THE ViCT\M OF A YACHTING ACCIDENT.
F. B. King, the slayer of Farmer
Church, while In this city stopped for
a while with his wife at the American
hotel in this city. He registered as O. A.
Smith, but gave in payment a school
warrant made out in favor of F. E. King.
It was for payment for repairing a school
organ in the country.
PETALUMA. July 25.— The funeral of
the late S. H. Church took place at his
late residence in Two Rock Valley this
afternoon at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
of Bioomfitld Masonic Lodge. The whole
countrywide turned out. There were no
religious services. The remains were
placed in a hearse and brought to this
city and are now at the undertaking
parlors. The body -will be taken to San
Fruncisco on the S:30 train to-morrow
morning, accompanied by the farmlly and
relatives, and will be cremated at Odd
FVlIows' cemetery.
The wJll of the dead farmer will prob
ftbly beviled for probate on Monday In
the Superior Court by Attorney John P.
Rodpers. The estate is a valuable one
and crmsists of several big ranches.
FUNERAL OF FARMER CHURCH.
Many People Attend the Obstquies
at the Ranch.
The trail followed yesterday led from
the scene of the shooting in Two Rock
Valley, about two hundred vards over
the Matin County line, and ft indicated
that Kin^ is traveling south and bv
night. . His footprints showed plainly in
the heavy dust and he did not pick the
easy places as a man naturally would in
traveling- in daytime. There is little
doubt but that the tracks were Ming's.
The marks were these of a new nalr of
shoes, such as Mrs. King says her hus~
band was wearing, and one footprint ap
peared lig-hter than the other, the fugi
tive's lame leg- evidently bothering- him.
The officers have given up the opinion,
at first held, that King would give him
self up. His wife stated that such was his
intention when she left him and drove
to this city on Monday afternoon. How
King is subsisting is not known, unless it
is on the fruit of the orchards throueh
which he is probably passing-. His wife
can be rendering- him no assistance, for
she is being watched closely by the offi
cers.
Early this morning after only a few
hours" sleep, fc>herili Frank P. Grace of
Sonoma County and Sheriff \\\ P. Taylor
of Marin County started out on another
clue. They were out in the Sebastopol
country almost all last night, but about
3 o'clock this 'rooming returned, tired anil
dusty, without having accomplished their
purpose. They headeu south tnls morning,
Dut refused to maice puiatc tneir plans.
They have not yet reiumed. Yesterday
evening Sheriff Taylor aj>peared confi
dent that King, the nian lur whom ir.o
search Is being made, would be caught
before morning. He had been tracked to
within a few miles of town ana the the
ory of the ottleers seems to have been
that he woulG attempt to see his wife,
who, shortly after the shooting, drove to
Santa Rosa and registered at a hotel. A
g-uard was placed across the street from
the hotel in a secluded doorway, and an
other man watched the rear approaches
to the building, while a third occupied a
room upstairs at the end of the hall on
which Mrs. King's room is located. King 1
did not appear.
SANTA ROSA. July 23.— Although
tracked to within three miles of this city,
and in spite of the fact that two Sheriffs
and two separate posses have for forty
eight hours been searching for him inces
santly. King, the slayer of p;oneer S. H.
Church of Two Rock is still at large. The
entire section of the country has been
scoured, but so far without fesuits.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
Funeral of the Victim of the
Fugitive Is Held at His
¦ ." ¦ ' . •
Late Home.
KEEPING UP MAN-HUNT
But the Sheriffs Do
Not Tira of the
Chase.
KING'S TRAIL
IS LOST BY
THE POSSES
PASSING OF A PROMINENT
CITIZEN OF SAN JOSE
»
Dr. Lawrence M. Finigan, a Member of the
City Government, Dies After a
Brief Illness.
Italian Fishermen Recover the Remains of
the San Franciscan, but Find No
Trace of Miss Warren's.
YACHTSMAN KELLY'S BODY
IS TAKEN FROM THE SEA
The Nome Gold Digger also says: "Re
cent quartz finds and partial development
I on several ledges warrant the belief that
Nome is to become a permanent camp.
About Blxty-flve miles distant. In the
Monumental district and about four miles
back of Bluff City, one of the most im
j portant quartz discoveries yet made is
now being rapidly developed by several
citizens of Nome, who do not at present
wish to have their names published In
connection therewith. Sufficient work has
been done on the ledge to demonstrate
that the property is a valuable one.
"The ore body is an arsenical iron form
ation, i3 eleven feet wide and the assays
show a value of from $24 to fcO per ton.
At present a crew of men is at work open-
Ing up the mine at a great depth, while
the deeper the ledge is penetrated upon
the richer the ore. s
"Over $30,000 in gold dust and nuggets
was brought to Nome from the Pioneer
Mining Company's properties for shipment
outside. Most of it, or about 125,000, Cxme
from Anvil Creek, and was the result of
less than five days' run. making ari aver
age of over 16000 a day. The remaining
pold was from Snow and- Dexter creeks.
The company is working on all It3 claims
113 men.
- "A big strike Is reported on Dorothy
Creek, the upper tributary of the Nome
River, near Norae. The strike was made
bv a Mr. West by. He took out from the
discovery claims from 30 to 40 cents to
the pan and as high as S35 In two pans.
He took this out last Friday and brought
down to this city from the mine between
$300 and $400 In wheat nuggets and tine
| gold, and had not reached h*>drn"k.
"Recent reports from the Port Clarence
country tell of a fabulously rich strike of
placer gold on some of the tributaries of
i the Blue River. This river has some
I thirty tributaries, all more or less rich
In gold bearlns sand."
It Is estimated that over half a million
j dollars has already been Invested at
Nome In saloon business, equipment and
stocks. Many of the bar fixtures are not
surpassed In elegance in any city west of
j th*> Rockies. From May 21st to July 6th.
sixty-seven steamers and forty-seven sall
i ing vessels went to Nome. Records of
passengers at Nome totaled 13.437. Lucky
. Baldwin had a very hard time in getting
a location at Nome, and was much dis
appointed.
VICTORIA, July 25.— Reports of new
and- rich strikes In placers and of quartz
ledges at various points in Alaska, and
the statement that smallpox is being
stamped out at Cape Nome, is the news
brought from the north by the steam
ship Mar.auense, which left St. Michael
July 14, arriving here this afternoon.
The day before the steamship left there
was a stampede from St. Michael, the
whole population rushing to the beach
about ten miles away, 'whence came a re
port of the discovery of gold bearing
sand. Several who returned before the
steamer sailed reported, however, that
not much more than colors had been
found.
Passengers on the Manauense say there
was a schooner at Unalaska from Cape
Nome, on which there wad smallpox and
that one passenger, who swam ashore.
had, tuken tne disease to UnalasKa., which
has been quarantined.
St. Michael wus closely quarantined
frcin Cape Nome. but. notwithstanding
mis one passenger hau some papers from
Cape Nome, giving recent advices from
there. The Nome Gold -Digger of July 7
says: '"Dr. S. J. Call, the Quarantine Oin
cer, appointed by the Chamber of Com
merce itnd recognized as such by General
Kundall and Special Treasury Agent Jar
vis, has been working hard for several
days trying to get all the smallpox pa
tients together.
"A pesthou.-^e has been established on
the tunura over a mile cast ot the N. A.
T. and T. Company's warehouse, and over
it floats the yellow Hag. In the house
Sunday were eleven patients, a twelfth
having died a' day or two previously.
There were then live other casea in differ
ent parts of the camp. Dr. Call wad ex
erting himself to get them all in the es
tablishment. He said he was satisfied
misguided people had been trying to
secrete some of the cases and keep the
lact that they had smallpox from the
knowledge of the officials. Dr. Call said
last nignt that notwithstanding all re
rorts mere were but thirteen cases now
In the smallpox hospital. 'This is exact,'
he said. 'Seventeen were reported, but
not verified. Th« one man who died was
\V. "Wormsley of Texas.'
"Numerous Eskimos hereabouts are
affected with a curious disease, much
like the influenza or grippe, which has
already caused several deaths and threat
ens to be fatal with many others. It is
the same disease, apparently, that attack
ed the natives at Point Barrow and
across from the Ltiomedes on the Siberian
shore a few months ago. It is a fright
fully painful disease, rucking the bones
like the ague and rendering the victim
sore, tired and utterly unable to do any
thing but lie around in a half stupor. A
thick mucus form3 in the throat and
nostrils and Is very irritating and bother
some all the time.
"At tne village of I'amochuck. at Cape
Nome, two persons have died, both wo
men, an«l the whole of the population is
sick. Several are also sick on the west
&ide of the Cape and toward th« Hast
ings River. At Setok, near 1'ort Safety,
several are Kick, ajid at Opatulik. the
other side of the Solomon River, all the
natives are afflicted. <lt is said that up
the coa*»t from here the disease Is preva
lent. None are receiving any medical
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Such Is the News From
the Alaskan City
of Nome.
DR. CALL FIGHTS DISEASE
Reports of Rich Strikes Come
From Various Points In the
Northern El Dorado.
MORE GOLD
AND LITTLE
SMALLPOX
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 26, 1900.
Cincinnati will have an Industrial expo
sition s«t rear.
;
3
DB» KTLMEB'S SWA2EP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
KMney Troatle Maics Yea Mlssraifc.
Almost everybody who rsads the rrvs-
papcrs is sure to kr.ow cf the wonderful
n ,t *x 1 cu^ rr.ads by Dr.
1 —^i-/v k Kilmer's Swarr.p-Root.
J I ths great kidr.sy, liv-r
E tJterrJ li and bladdsr remedy.
" U [r^yi L-F II is the &***¦ rr.sdl-
»i F^H >^ J*S caltriumphcf thsnins-
\\j-l jj.jtesath century; cUs-
| t 'fc= \, i|!;!l covered after years cf
u P$= F , m scientific research tv
¦Q r~ "Cg^l Dr. Kilmer, the err.i-
fi. _R>cJ. " nen* kidney and blad-
_ * ~~ ?*£-je- ¦ £ sr special^ a ~ 1( * j s
wonderfully successful in promptly curing
lame back, kidney, bladder, uric acid trou-
bles and Bright's Disease, which is the wcrst
form cf kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root Is r.ot rec-
ommended for everything but If you have kid-
ney, liver or bladder trouble It will be found
just the remedy you need. It has been tested
In so many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, amon £ the helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief and has proved so successful in
every case that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers cf this paper
who have not already tried it. may have a
sample bottle sent free by mail, also a bock
telling mere about Swamp-Rcct and how to
find cut if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
When writing mention reading this generous
offer in this paper and fyff.
send your address to rT!^?r*K2^Hi^3
Dr. Kilmer & Co..B!r.g- g^s5HKSHSj3SJ
harr.ton. N. Y. The
regular fifty cent and n«w>©f Swamp-Boot .
dollar sizes are sold by all good druggists.
jR^— »« ' — -^ •*^^ ,;.* • **^ fc^ * ; ¦¦ - ¦
4 Quart Bottles, $3?o
Express Ciarf «s Presold.
HiaHEST GRADE FOR MEDXCTVAX. OR
familv txae. We give yotx thM benefit ot tb«
middlemen' ¦ profit; beside*, you an» cuaraat*e<l
the certainty of
B0P* PURE WHISKEY ~^@
Noth'Cf on case to Indicate contents. Money
refar.ded If not catisfaetory. Twic* ta» pnci
could buy no better. Reference, any besiae**
firm and commercial agencies.
F. EPHRAIM &¦ CO.. Distiller*' Agents.
I 18 Montgomery fet.. S. F.. CaL
Sale Aeenta French Colony Vln»yard Co.. Inc.
1 in
; HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
* 24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
• Est&blimhed ever a third of a cgutury: baa tk
eatiozuU reputation, and waa one ot ts« tvr
¦caools selected to represent th« <rT>!opnens
of eotsinerclal education at the Parts Expc»»-
* tlcn: over 17.000 graduates successfully apply-
ing tbelr kr.o-»!pJ?': 200 graduates aanu*lly
placed In position*; IS teaeaera; open tha entlr*
year; sew 80-pa«« catalo*ne free.
ST.IARTSdLEGE
OAKLAND, GAL.
STUDIES will be res>n:ne<S WEDXESDAT.
Aneust 1st. 13TO.
BRO. ER1IIXOLD, President.
Hitchcock School,
6AN RAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separata Booms. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS AUOTTST IITH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
Miss Head's School, Berkeley.
Bo&rdlcg and Pay School for Girls— 2T33 O.in-
nlns; way. Berkeley. Cal. Pleasant born- life,
Iars9 f^rden. nmnuhim; accredited to Untrer-
•Ity of California, Stanford CnlTertlty. Vassar
and Smith Col'etm. Prospectus sent oa applica-
tion. Term opens Aaamst 8. 1900.
ST. MATTHEW'S MIL S.
SAN MATKO. CAL. For catalogue and Utes-
trated circular addre*:*
REV. W. A. BIIEWER. A. B.. Rector.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DB-
grtes: r«Blnary course accr«dlt«d to tha
Universities: rare opportunities offered In mnsla.
art and elocrrtlon. Write for catalogue to MRS.
C T MILLS. Pres.. Mills College p. O.. C*U
Thirty fifth year: fall tena opens An*. I. 13M.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
i SHORTHAND ACADEiflY.
103 Montgomery st-. San I'ranclsco. CaL
Levoons personally a=d by mail. Ackno-wiedrsd
by of nclal reporters "best teachers, best system. •
NEWSPAPER fSSAHHK
Illuntratlcn. PARTTNGTON'S r*sum»* An?t5»t
1. Day and nlrht elassea. Apply R. I* PART-
INQTON. 414 Pine gt.. 9. F.
THE LYCEUM,
AXACCRElJrTEO PREPAKATORT SCEOOI.
for the snlTerstty. law and medical col-
leges: references. President Joniaa or any
Etanford professor. P&elan building.
rBVUJO INSTITUTE.
Bearding and day school for young lad>s. 1129
California St.. will reopen Aua-ast •. 1300. Ac-
credited to the Universities: primary department
for children; carrlas;* will call. REV. EI>-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL pnd
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
1845 Jackson st. San Francisco. Eoardias and
Pay School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. Inland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity. Vasaar and Smith Collect*
. PARAH P. HAMUX. Prtnclpat.
AHDEftSO* ACADEMY,
Fonaerly University AcacJeniy, AJameda. haa
teen recaoved to irvinrtsn. Site of Bft»ea
acres: remarkably b»autlfnl: climate unsur-
passed. Inspection cf bulldlnsr* and irrouada in-
vited. W. W. AN'PERSON'. Prmoinal.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE,
innn MARKET ST.— Actual business bock-
14OO keepinc: only expert accountant*
and reporters as teachers. Oress shorthand.
the easiest, fastest ao<i meat ratdaole. Day
and txm\DX-
POLYTECHNIC gffiKlS 3
Great Business Training and Shcrthaod School.
! Has the largest and bent equipped Uept*. In t!»<»
j -West. Kd youn? men arnd women wanted. Every
Sradaate employed. Free catalog. Oakland. Cal.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
Menlo Park. CaL Superior advantages for the
care and traln!cs of boys and youns men.
Charm In* rurroundlncs. perfect climate. T<:a-J»
year beirtss August <. Send for catalcraa.
IRA O. HOITT. Ph. D.. PrtnctDfO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
You Remember
Glory Quayle In "The Christian?"
Of course you do. Hernamawas
•¦ins b "
And that Is tha name of a
PINGREE - MADE BOOT FOR
WOMEN, which ycuM! say be-
fore AND AFTER buying is the
most you ever got for
$3*50
O in all your life.
We Are Exclusive Agents
in San Francisco.
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
JO Third St.. San Francisco.
SUFFERING WOMEN
— After twenty years* tx-
5 ? -±£?-"fr=«Ay£} p»rl*nee In the l-«3!nK
yffiTjfc-aagt European H^ppStals f->r
• v *^*?y t 'P diseases r*^^'!^r tf> ynur
ijTftf.-rtj^f^Jl s*x. our 5;-<>clallst» ofT^r
' Jfni .i<i*w^Ea >' ou their tervic??. No
T^&'^5.* Jr jS^ rnattrr how asTtravat-i
KMiJ5n§D your condition, we have
¦ tia?j»ifr~i»~ no k noirn failures.
ti fcyrgjf Jftii* , CONSUMPTION AND
st^wwrj-n: CANCER no ior.rtr a
3f iTolPltS * dr?ad disease. We ere
g^jRf«Wijr*yr>* the only X-Ray experts
__~ ijji 11' on th» coa*t and nnder
. m this, tti^Uatest and zaojt
scientific treatment, we
hare cured hundreds of cases. . .-.
THE GERMAN PHYSICIANS
Late From Europe.
1019 MARKcT ST. X-Raj Experts.
Professional Advice Free.
Avisi* OR- JORDAN'S great
SmUSEUB OF ANATQMy
0 £& 15RK13KISr.fcr..Ei*7S,5.J.fcl.
\ - «3T Largest Aoatcsucal Museun hi tbc
A *fl|L_ Wend- V>okkae>*ei ct «ny contracted
7 SJHStS d*we re<ttl»>ly cwd trj the O4dc«t
J JjS^ft C3. iTaBAK-PRiYATE DISEASES,
\ I {5§£I5K Cox«l«t!oo tree lod itrtrtiT pnra:*. \
B I 1«Y M Tnirirfr.t personally rr hy lrtler. A 4
V fl W A \d JXsJw CWrt in every csm undertaken. \
A B fl \lB> w '-tsfor Rr»fc. PBlLOSOrH^tl A
"' 0 }y MaaaueK, maiuld ex.ua. « a V
A (J {|r ' nluable book for Drs| Y
9 DB. JOBDAH A CO.. 1051 Marktt St-.a V. ¥
ADVEBTTSEaTENTS.
"Good Nsght."
How few wopen know what it is to
tave a good eight ; a night of sound,
restfsl sleep. They smile and eav "good
right r ia cheery tones, but when the
chamber door closes behind them, the
sniiling mask drops ott, and shows the
lines of suffering.
Other women have had the bad nights
changed to good by the use of Doctor
Pierce's Favorite Prescription. So nay
von. Nlnetv-eight times in every hun-
dred it perfectly cures diseases of the
deiicate wonanly organs. It builds up
the nervous system, puts flesh on the
body and color on the cheek.
"Farcrite Prescription," writes Mrs. C N.
Andersen, cf Rockbridge Baths. Rockbridee
Co, Vt.. -Is a God-«cad to weak end sickly
worsen, rtstorisg health without subjecting
their nervrs to the efcock of an exasaiaation.
I" I wi.« all mn down ia health— could not work
but a short -K-liiJe -without renting. Wm eo
cervcus sx tiaes that I codd net even write ;
had a very poor apatite. I decided to write to
Dr. P:-rce nzi stzie ray ca»e. I received a faror-
aUe repijr. and coniiaenCT-d taking the * Favorite
Prescription* tad "Pellet*. 1 Took six bottles
of •Fsvorit; Prescription,* one of 'Golden Mcdi-
cal D;soorery ' and oae rial of " Pellets.' I can
now work es w»ll as I could before I was taken
, tick. I think r>r. Pierre's medicines the best in
the world far &ic*c and nervons women."
V Doctor Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are
cpecially adapted to the use of delicate
wocicn. Easy to take, gentle in action.DKTROIT. Mich.. July 25.-Hon. Wil
liam C. Maybury, Mayor of Detroit, was
this evening tendered the Democratic
nomination for Governor of Michigan bv
the Democratic convention with a
unanimity that rendered useless the tak
ing of any ballot.
The resolutions adopted by the conven
tion deplore "the corrupting Influence of
wealth upon our social and political ma
chinery, as displayed in ihe recent cam
paign of three millionaires for the office
of Governor." <, .
The nominees are: Governor, William
C. Maybury; Lieutenant Governor. Judge
James G. Ramadeil; Secretarv of State,
John W. Wing; Treasurer. Charles F.
Sundstrum: Auditor General. Hiram B.
Hudson: Attorney General, James O'Hara;
Commissioner of I^and i Ofllce, Major
George Winans; Superintendent of Public
Instruction, Stephen H. Langdon; Presi
dential Electors (at large)— Lawrence Hu
binger and Philip B. WachteL
Alcalada and Municipal Council Send
\ Greeting to President Mc-
Kinley.
WASHINGTON, July 25.-General Mac-
Arthur has cabled the War Department
announcement of the successful erection
of another municipal government In the
Philippines under the terms laid down by
the Philippine Commission. This particu
lar Government Is established at Vigan
on tho northwest coast of the island of
Luzon, at a point made memorable by the
landing of Younc's forces during the pur
suit of Aguinaldo, when that leader was
last In strength. Tho Aloalafla referred
to In General MacArthur's dispatch cor
responds to the Spanish alcalde or mayor.
The mcBsage reads as follows:
QFFICIALSSNOMINATED
BY MICHIGAN DEMOCRATS
MANILA, July 25.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Following telegram from
Alcalada of recently formed municipal
government Vlgan. Luzon, Is transmitted:
"President, Washington: Alcal.ida and
municipal council Vlgnn, Installed under
ficneral Young's supervision, salute you
and tender firm allegiance. Rlvero,
Alcalada." MACARTHUR.
MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT
. ESTABLISHED IN LUZON
SUICIDE OF A LAWYER.
Herbert Stimpson, Charged With
Embezzlement, Ends His Life.
WICHITA, Kans., July 25.— Herbert
Stlmpson, a lawyer and prominent crlm
lnolopist, committed suicide here to-day.
He shot himself In the head.
He had just been arrested charged with
embezzling $625, given him by a client to
quiet a title on real estate, lie had been
decorated by Klnp: Humbert of Italy for
scientific works. Ho won the cross of the
Legion of Honor by blowing up tho gates
of Dahomey.
Tesla Coal Mine Road's Report.
SACRAMENTO, July 25.— The Alameda
and San Joafiuirr road's report was sub- (
mltted to the State Board of Equalization
to-dny. The report shows operating ex
penses amounting- to $24,000, and receipts
amounting to 116,334 22. The operating
expenses were the same last year and
there wero no receipts given. The road
Is a feeder for the Tesla mines and Is
owned by the mining company. The value
of the rolling stock Is given at $20,000 thl3
year, as against $35,800 a year ago. II. H.
OriflHhs. for the company,' said the road \
would soon be on a paying basis, but that
It was dependent altogether upon the
mines and that the work there was now
entirely one of development.
, THE LATE SUPERIOR JUDGE
( J. W. HUGHES OF SAX DI
* EGO.
? ¦
WASHINGTON. July 25. — Superior
Judge J. \V. Hughes of San Diego, Cal.,
who has boen ill of cerebral meningitis
at the Garfield Hospital here for about a
week, died at G o'clock this evening. A
brother-in-law was with him during his
last hnuro
SAX DIEOG, July 25— J. W. Hughes.
whose death Is announced at "Washington.
D. C. was born In Virginia fourty-four
years ago.ani received his education In
that State. He came to this city from
Gainesville. Tex.. In 1SS7 and poon became
prominent aa a lawyer. In 1SS6 he was
elected Supetlor Judge. Two years ago
he was a prominent candidate fur Su
preme Judge before the State Democratic
Convention, but was defeated by Conley
cf Madera County. Judge Hughes leaves
a widow and three children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 25.-Charlcs Hale
Hoyt, actor, manager; politician, capital
ist, bon vlvant, has at la£t been declared
insane. Broken in health from griff over
his wife's death a few years ago and
unbalanced by the strain of overwork in
his profession, he was taken to Hartford
Retreat for the Insane on Tuesday. After
a consultation of experts his condition
was declared critical.
Known through his merry farce come
dies, "A Parlor Match," "A Texas Steer,"
"A Trip to Chinatown" and others, the
playwright's misfortune causes sincere
and deep regret. Uroken down mentally
and physically, that his condition is se
rious, is sadly admitted by those who
knew iiim well.
The death of his wife left a bright en
tertainer without a relative in the world.
He fell ill from acute nervous prostra
tion. Close friends anxiously watched
for him to rally from the effects of his
sorrow. He went to Florida for rest and
lecuperatlon. The future seemed uncer
tain, but there were strong hopes for his
ultimate recovery.
There were many sensational rumors
persistently circulated about the play
wright. It was said he had been eeen
sitting In tho corridors of New York and
Washington hotels asleep with his jaw
harming on his breast, a picture of a men
tally broken down man and the center of
a wondering, pitying crowd; that he walk
ed the streets almU.ssly and almost un
consciously at night, and that when he
sat In a box at Washington Theater,
where his latest farce, "A Dog In the
Manger," was produced, he Imagined he
was in New Haven, and a few days after
ward had no knowledge, that the piece
had been performed anywhere. He went
South and then followed the story of his
removal to an asylum or sanitarium.
Friends have long refused to believe
that Mr. Hoyt needed restraint. He en
joys the freedom of hotels In this city
as well as in the South. He came here
recently from his summer home in
Charlestown, N. II. While on his return
he began sending strange telegrams to
his former associates. "Hoyt is failing."
they told one another. His friends went
to his beautiful country home in New
Hampshire. They tried to comfort him
in his misfortune. They finally sent for
the family physician. Other physicians
came and a long consultation was held.
It was finally declared that the playwright
Is insane.
SUPERIOR JUDGE
J. W. HUGHES OF
SAN DIEGO DEAD
Attending Physicians Say He Is a
Wreck Mentally and Physically
and His Condition Is now
Critical.
Has Failed Rapidly Since
the Death of His.
Wife.
CHARLES HOYT,
THE PLAYWRIGHT,
IN AN ASYLUM
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico. July 23. — The
streets of San Juan were a labyrinth of
glittering Spanish flags to-day In honor
of St. Jago, the patron saint of Spain.
Banners and bunting, suspended from
house to house covered the thoroughfares
and everywhere the balconies were richly
decorated.
There was no attempt whatever to dis
play tho American colors. The celebra
tion of the Fourth of July was totally
eclipsed to-day. Then the citizens were
unable to raise a dollar for the purpose
61 tiemens-trations. To-day there was no
difficulty in carrying through "a pro
gramme which must have cost $5fXK). Pos
sibly six native houses displayed the
stars and stripes. On the other hand it
is estimated that no fewer than 2500 Span
ish flags were flung to the breeze.
I.net evening there was a grand concert
in the plaza, attended by COX) Spaninrds,
and this was followed by patriotic ad
drosses, received with great enthusiasm*
at the Casino..
To-day dawned with the ringing of
church bells, followed by street parades.
Business was entirely suspended. An
elaborate ball at the Casino this evening
concluded the festivities.
The real feeling of the people was ex
pressed by bands of hoodlums, who pa
raded the streets in the less respectable
quarters of the city carrying Spanish
flags and shouting "Viva Espanol." Tho
fact that the day was the second anniver
sary of the landing of the United States
troops under General Miles seemed to to
forgotten here. Although at Ponce, May
aguez and other points there were silighc
observances of the anniversary. It : was
apparent that the local celebration had
been carefully arranged to eclipse that (if
the Fourth of July, which was scarcely
observed at all in Porto Rico.
A prominent Porto Rlcan, discussing
the celebration from that point of view
to-day, said:
"Our people should not be blamed by
the Americans for expressing their feel
ings In tills way. The United States con
stitution has not been extended to the
island. The privileges of citizenship have
been denied them. In such circumstances
Porto RIcans cannot appreciate American
Institutions, and naturally would not
observe American holidays. To-day's
celebration, however, was purely Spanish
and many native Porto Ricans did not
participate."
Marked Contrast to the Observance
of the Fourth of July, Which
Passed Almost Un
noticed.
An Elaborate Celebration of
the Feasl of St.
Jago.
SPANISH FLAGS
PREDOMINATED
IN PORTO RICO
FORT SCOTT. Kans.. July 2o.-At their
convention to-day the Kansas Democracy
surrendered to the demands of Populists,
and thereby made possible the tightest
and most harmonious fusion that has ever
existed in thte State. The Populists had
demanded from the Democrats the ofllce
of Associate Justice in exchange for that
of Attorney General, although the former
office had previously been granted the
Democrats in what was supposed to be an
air-tight agreement. After an all-night
session of the conference committees
the question was left open to be settled
by the Democratic convention at its
gathering to-day.
The State ticket completed by the dif
ferent conventions was tlnally indorsed bv
all three — Democratic, Populist and Silver
Republican. It follows:
Associate Justice— David Martin. Popu
list: Governor— John W; Breldonthal, Pop
ulist; Lieutenant Governor— A. *M. Har
vey. Populist; Secretary of State— Al>e
Frakes, Democrat; Treasurer — Conway
Marshall, Democrat; Attorney General-
Hugh P. Farrell, Democrat: Superin
tendent of Insurance— Webb McNall. Sil
ver Republican; Electors at Large — R. W
Turner, Silver Republican; J. I*. Filtrate',
Democrat; First District— James Faloon
Silver Republican; Second District— J. B.
Goshorn, Democrat; Fifth District— C. P.
Carst onsen. Democrat: Seventh District—
H. J. Hoetzel. Democrat
The platform adopted by the Democrats
demands among other things the creation
by law of a "public tribunal clothed with
all power necessary for the complete and
efficient regulation and control of rail
ways" and legislation for the regulation
of passenger and freight rates Is demand
ed, as well as the appointment of a rail
way auditor, with power to examine the
books and accounts of railways. The
platform refers to Mr. Bryan as the un
conquered hero, the lion of the West."
INDIANAPOLIS. July 25.— By unani
mous vote of the Xatlonal Committee of
the National Democracy this afternoon,
the scheme of fusion with the anti-im
perialistic movement, originating with
the recent ma«=s meeting at the Plaza
Hotel in New York, was defeated, as was
also the plan to place a Gold Democratic
ticket in the field this year.
Of the members of the national com
mittee, there were present nineteen, two
of the committeemen holding several prox
ies. The hour of 4 p. rn. had been ap
pointed for the conference with the Plaza
H^tel committee and at that hour the
latter committee made its appearance and
a sub-cimmittee presented an address
setting out the proposition for fusion and
a third party ticket with the reasons
coming down from the New York meet
ing.
Eastern and "Western , men opposed the
proposition, taking the pround that there
had been disaffections and withdrawals
from the ranks of the National Democ
racy; that the placing of a third ticket in
the field this year with the new issues
now before the country would In no way
tend to an .accomplishment of the end and
aim back of the organization of the na
tional Democratic party in 1W6. It was
urged that those Gold Democrats who
stand to-day where they stood in the
campaign of ISM on the money question
and against "Bryanism" would be left
free to vote in support of the Republican
platform, which was unchangeably in
favor of a sound and stable money sys
tem.
When it came to Mr. "VW D. Tlaldeman,
proprietor of the Louisville Courier-Jour
nal, a sensation was sprung. Mr. Halde
man. In 1J>!>6. contributed valuable aid in
actively raising funds for the organiza
tion and maintenance of the work of the
Gold Democracy and was a member of
the auditing committee of that party.
"When he had concluded he withdrew
from the room. In the course of his
£ pooch he said:
In IS9S I took upon myself abundant abuse
from Kentucky Democrats and I did It be
cause I believed, with my friend Henry Watter-
Fon, in the righteousness of a refusal to com
promise with dishonor on the question of a
sound ami stable currency. The free and un
limited coinage of silver and gold at the ratio
of 16 to 1. without the consent of any other
nation, has been relegated to another (fenera
tlnn by this nation. It Is a past measure.
My heart goes out to those who struggle for
liberty In every nation, and I applaud and
ai'prove the exj>resniin in the Democratic |lat
form sympathizing with the Boers. I am com
pelled, with a sense of what |js due to free
America that I love, .to earnestly, actively sup
port 'an American whom I believe ' loves hip
country, and whom I believe the highest and
twst type of the American citizen, and thus
believir.q-. I j*hall vote for and support William
Jtnnlnes Dryun.
The committee appointed at the confer
ence held in the Plaza Hotel, New York,
called a maas convention to be held in this
city August 10 to 14, at which a President
and Vice President will be nominated on
the following platform:
Independence and protection to the In
habitants of Cuba, the Philippine Islands.
Porto Rico and Hawaii.
A single pold stadard and a sound
banking system.
Abolition of all special privileges.
A public service based on merit only.
Tho call is addressed to all those op
posed to the candidates and platforms of
the Republican find Democratic parties
KANSAS DEMOCRATS
AND POPULISTS FUSE
Haldeman Places Himself on Record
as Opposed to Free Silver, but
Asserts That He Will
Vote for Bryan.
NO FUSION WITH THE
ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
Votes Against Placing a
Tioket in the Field
This Year.
GOLD-WING
DEMOCRACY
DRAWS OUT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. July 25.—
Consul General Cudger at Panama has been instructed by the State Depart
ment to protest against the proposed bombardment of the city of Panama
by the insurg-ent forces in Colombia.
A dispatch was received at the State Department to-day from the Con
sul, saying that there was continuous lighting between Government forces
and the Insurgents, and that it had been determined to bombard the city
of Panama. He was at once instructed to protest in the name of his Govern
ment agrainst the proposed bombardment as an act that might endanger
free transit across the isthmus.
COLON. Colombia. July 25.— A terrUic engagement continues between Gov
ernment troops and the insurgents around Panama, but the former are
holding their pround. Many have been killed and wounded and a four
hours* armistice was agreed upon to attend to the wounded and bury the
dead. • I
The steamer Bernard Hall arrived at Colon from Savanilla at 3 o'clock this
afternoon with reinforcements for the Government forces numbering 1000. They
were brouprht by General Serrano. Governor of the Department. The cable be
tween Colon and Jamaica was repaired to-day. -
KINGSTON, Jamaica. July 25.— A reliable passenger by the steamer Darien,
which arrived here to-day from Colon, confirms the statement of the Captain
of the steamer Flandaria to the effect that under an arrangement Panama was
to have been formally surrendered on July 23, the rebels having surrounded the
city. The Government's cause, the passenger said. Is hopeless.
With the fall of Raranqullla. which is expected to occur soon, the revolu
tion will end in favor of the rebels.
United States Government Protests Against
a Bombardment o! the City by
Insurgents.
Government Troops Continue to
Hold Their Ground, but Their
* Cause Seems Hopeless.
HEAVY FIGHTING
AROUND PANAMA
WASHINGTON. July 25.— The
Postmaster General has made
jrublic the report of Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General
Bristow, who investigated the
Cuban postal frauds. Mr. Bristow finds
that Neeiy's embezzlements a^gresrated
et least $131,713 and says he was Justified
in recommending: the removal of Director
General Rathbone. Whether or not the
latter was guilty with Xeely, he says,
there can be no doubt that In the matter
if unauthorized per diem allowances, per
sonal expenses and warrants cashed and
unaccounted for. he unlawfully appro
priated to his own use tho money of the
United States. For this. Mr. Bristow
pays he believes Mr. Rathbone should b©
rt^quired to answer.
Mr. Bristow explains that the bureau j
of finance inaugurated by Director Gc-n
tral Rathbone. of which Noely was ap- j
pointed chief, was started July 7. 1S33. j
This bureau was charged with the cus
tody of all stamps and postal supplies.
The division of jostal accounts, changed
July 1, 1899, to a division of the Auditor's
office, was in charge of Dr. W. H.
Reeves, who was appointed by the Secre
tary of War. The report says that no
accounts of the unbonded postmaster
were required, remittance being entered
as cash Bales, and the only information
the Auditor's office had of these trans
actions came from Neely himself. There
vii no cii«*ck whatever on his transac
tors. From the accounts examined the
report says the minimum of Neeiy's cm
bezztementa may U- summarized as fol
lows:
Shortage as shown by his own records.
TTAfi *>; excess of credit by destruction of
Ft:rcharped stamps definitely ascertained,
Sini.m; total. 1131.713.
This will be Increased by the discovery
cf sales of fur^harped stamps, but wil!
not exceed JK.iJ.OO0 in tho abrogate.
The report says that Kathhone ap
pointed JCeeljr. who had custody of tlift
stamps; Reeves, the only man who could
have a check on Nocly's transactions, and
D. Warfield. chief of the bureau of regis
tration, a commission to destroy the sur
charged stamps. <>f which Net-ly had J.J2,
000, and that Nrcly and Reeves cnterea
Into a conspiracy to r< port a larger quan
tity of Ftrimps destroyed than were ac
tually destroyed.
But, the report Fays. Neeiy's fraudu
lent transactions were not coritf.ed to
these embezzlements, and wha'. 1 the
p. mounts were small, compared \Jfih the
latter, "thev show the same official de
pravity and" utter disregard of the In
terests of the public service."
Mr. IJr'stow submits evidence that
Neeiy's theft* began a month after he
went to Cuba.
The report says that C. M. Rich, who
was brought to Havana as Neeiy's as
sistant, told Mr. Rathbone that Nee'.y
was "crcx>kf-d." Rathl»one den'ed any
puch information. The report says:
Rich claims to be innocent, but he at least
tad knowledge of Xeely'e nnb«-zzl-m*>nts long
before he rlalms tr> hav» t"l"1 Itathbone.
Jteevcs ernfeFwd that N>»!v i>al'l him $4600
Jor crweallntr the fraud tn the Obstruction of
the stamps. Both Klch (ind Reeves protest
against any criminal designs. How much credit
Ffrouid h*- given tn their statements it is dif
ficult to determine.
Rathbone claimed that it was the cus
tom of all countries that officials should
lie furnished with attendants and ths.t
they Fhould be clothed at the expense of
th«>" public revenues. When the character
OFFICIAL REPORT ON NEELT'S
CUBAN POSTAL PECULATIONS
"I have to-day, for the first time, seen
certain of your bills as Director General
of Posts, which were brought here by
< 'clone! Burton. Some of these bills are
not only without authority or Justification,
but an* scandalous and never should haw
been passed or paid. Thp auditor, who is
responsible to a different department, waa
inexcusable in allowing thorn, and your
action in presenting them for allowance
was grossly reprehensible. Without wait
ing for a review and reconsideration of
these bills by a rightful audit you should
at once reimburse to the island treasury
the sums thus improperly paid."
of these purchases by him became known
to the Postmaster General the latter
wrote to Director General Rathbone as
follows:
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, July 25.— Tho
visit cf Governor General Wood of Culia to Washington had one object
which the authorities dM not care to disclose. He came to report person
ally upon another scandal which 1b hanRinp over tho military povern
ment In Havana. This time It Is the engineers' department which is the
nest of fraud and corruption.
Th«» general charge was made in Havana papers several weeks aero that an
investigation of the enflnwrs" department would lead to discoveries of dishonest
practices and fraudulent contract?. This* charge was met by an assertion from
Colonel William M. Black, chief of the onpinoen*. that he challenged an Investi
gation of his department. In response to this charge and challenge definite and
ppe^irtc charpes of FteRlinjf In the dr-part merit were made to General Wood. A
preliminary investigation, it Is asserted, showed that the charges were true.
This fact was on the point of becoming public, when it was decided to make
a. determined effort to hush up the scandal. One contractor was sent for and
ordered to make restitution of the amount of an over-payment, which was so
transparent that no trick of bookkeeping would cover it. This was done the
day before General Wood left Havana. The amount of this restitution, which
was made directly to the engineers' department, -was not large, amounting to
less than $1000, but the facts connected with the original over-payment are
declared to show pros* negligence, or worse.
This contractor has been doing business with the department for many
month*, practically ever since American control in Cuba began, and his oppor
tunities have been great. His accounts will bo subjected to a careful Inspection.
The accounts of the entire department ar* undergoing secret investigation by ex
perts. It is the Intention to secure restitution of all fraudulent payments that
have been made.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Engineer's Department Involved in Charges of
Gross Frauds in the Letting of
Contracts.
General Wood Conies to Washing
ton to Report a Military
Scandal.
UNEARTHS NEW
STEALS IN CUBA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 26, 19OO.
4
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS J&SJitt
Springs; new manaRement; a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F.. via Tiburon
ferry. R. R. station on hotel Rround*: exten.
clve f.wimm!n? tank: 110 SO and up per week-
round-trip SI 10 on Sunday. COOPER & 8TEW.1
ART. Aftua Caltente. Ca!. Lnn?-dl*tance phone.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet Strictly first claja.
For. terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family HoteL
MRS. M. MERRT. Proprietress.
Phovel Creek. IS miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of Iran:* In surrounding mourtalns—
rrouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BRO9..
Proprietors. Heswlck. Slsklyou County. Cal.
Tbe healthiest resort In the prettiest county la
California. Trout ftshins— finest In the State —
Kt.AMATM MOT SPRINGS.
CARLSBAD &$&*<&
Most beautiful apot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladd*er affections. Accommodations first
cia«n: 110 a week: lighted by gas.
W R. McGOVERN. Kels-jivlUe. Laics Co.
Three miles from t'kiah. The only place in the
United States where vlchy water U abundant
Tht only natural electric waters: champagne
Viaths: extraordinary tonic properties J A
REPEMEYER & CO.. Vlchy Springs. Men-
doclno County. Cat.
VICHY SPRINGS,
FI MONTF HOTFT JjO3 oatos. cai.—
LLillViML 11 V ILL, Beantlful groundsw
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tion*. Large sunny rooms. Special rate* to>
families. Free bus meets every train: S3 mU««
from San Francisco. Far* It 63.
BOARD on farm: free driving; fare SOc. Box
&1. Rpdwooil City.
GLE: 1 .PtP RANCH ~ Nice gurroundlnn:
cotr.rortabla rooms: good table: conveateac
location, Addrass F. QUIKN. Glen Elian. CaJ.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch. fl7«
rntles from Santa Crux: dellzhtful summer
ftom» In redwoods; monln; water: abundanc*
fruit, good table: terms 13 50 week. Address
W. CRAXDELL. Santa Crux Cal
ST. HELENA SAMTAHIUll
Napa Valley. The Institution hast alt the ad-
vantages of a health resort a* well as belns a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets ali
trains at SU Helena. Send for circular. Address
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE I- AK 13
In the heart of the Klerras. Perfect climate
fine n>hln*. excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison cak. no i>esu. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. U. M.
CLEMOXS. Independence Lake. CaL
Natural (team baths, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
THE GEYSERS, £-™
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDER3.
61 per Year*
WEEKII CALL ,
Enlarged to 16 Pages
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOULMA^'N. Napa Soda Springs P. Ol
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating 1 , bathinz. bowl-
ine, tennla. livery, new walks, etc. Writ* fo*
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Laka County. CaL
VOQF1Y1IXF VALLEr-Ten days of
I UOLI? II Jl L. pleasure. 1H days each
way to p^l"^ of Interest— 7 days In valley,
<r» AC* Including nil meals nnd lodgtnjr.
O^"" Round trln from San Franciwo $32.
For further lnformatlnn rail or address WM J
WHITE. Agent. 630 Market St., S. F. ; telephone
Main n?2.
SUFFERING AXD RELIEF
Three Letters from Mrs. Johnson ,
Showing- that Lydia B. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound
Cures the Ills of Women
Wrote for tin. Pinkham's Advice
November, i897
** Deab Mes. Pixkh am : — I am a preat
6ufferer, have much trouble through
the lower part of my bowels, and I am
Writing 1 to you for advice. Menses are
irregular and scanty, am troubled with
leucorrhopa, and I ache so through my
back and down through my loins. 1
have spells of bloating very badly,
sometimes will be very large and other
times very much reduced." — Mes.Cdas.
E. Johxsox, Box 33, Eumford Center,
Maine, Nov. 20, 1S97.
Improvement Reported December,
1897
"Deab Miis. Phchham: — I wish to
tell you that I am improving' in health.
I am ever so much better than when I
wrote before. The trouble through
the lower part of bowels is better and
I am not bloated so badly. I was very
much swollen through the abdomen
before I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. I still have a feel-
ing of fuiness across my chest. I have
used three bottles of it and am on the
fourth."— Mes. Chas. E. Johnson, Box
33. Rumford Center, Maine, Dec. 13,1697.
Enjoying Good Health June, i899
4i Dear Mr.*. Pixrham : — Since a year
ego I have been taking your medicine,
and am now strong and enjoying good
health. I have not been so well for
three years, and feel very thankful to
you for what Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound has done for me. I
¦would advise all who suffer with fe-
male troubles to try your medicine." —
Mns. Ciias. E. Jonxsox, Box 33, Eum-
ford Center, Maine, June 1, 1S99.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Tn» waters mr» noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Clout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning;. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neura!-
rla. Dy«pep»la and all Bladder and Urlnarv
Complaint*. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish.
Ing. No fogs. Une<jnaled for health. ri?st nr.1
recreation. Rates. Jl! to S14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Towtisend streets. S. F.. 9 a.
m. and !:45 p. m. dally. Can-laces at OHmr
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets adilrea*
R. RORF.RTSON. Proprietor
VVALDRUHE.
PcBoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fln» spring water.
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. XI. W.
PRUNING. Santa Rosa. Cal.
Orchard Springs,
The Placo for Rest and Health,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIEfmA NE-
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quj^t retreat: finest scenery, water, motints.ln
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia: ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 138 miles from Ran Francisco: M a
week- open all year: f»nd for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.-
CI/APfC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
©IY/\VIVlO County; only 4H hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging; waters noted for medlt-tnal virtues:
best natural bath in State: crand mountain
ecenery. good trout streams at door; telephone.
telegraph: daily ma!! and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAOK SKRV1CE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco enly $5 E0. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:10 a. m. or 3:80 p. m. Terms. K a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
five years: patronaee constantly Increasing.
J. F. MITLQREW. Proprietor.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, Cl>PIf^ r °iL
Monterey County, CaL— For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-da:«
accommodations: beautiful ncenery: profusion
r.t flowers; hot Bcda. sulphur and electrto
baths: swimming tank SOiSO feet. Our ir.ass>eur»
are all (rraduates. Huntlnir and flshlnir: chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis anil
dance hall: larre hotel and 30 cottaees. afford-
ing SD»clal accommodations for families; all
illuminated by ca*. By tra'.n. Third an ! Tnwn-
»end streets. San Francisco. 9 a. rn. ; First and
Broadway. Oakland. *:10 a. m. dally for So!»-
dad. then by stage over beautiful ieve! road T
miles to springs. RoTind-trlp tickets. 13. at S»
P. office. US Market street. Telephone anrj
postofflee. For Illustrated pamphlet* and fur-
ther Information address F. L. PHRRATTLT.
U. D.. proprietor and resident physlctan.
Address A. BETTENS. Kgr., Byran Hot Springs. Ctl.
Call on Lombard & Co.. City Agents, 36 Geary, City.
SISSO1N TAVERN.
Where Sha«ta's summit, clad in mow,
8mile9 down on Nature's broad expanse.
Far from the chilling lummer foss and fre»
from winds and dU3t and heat. SISSON TAV-
ERN', 3300 feet above the sea level, on '-he eveT-
preen. slopes of Shasta. Is the ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near it the Jtreat forests of
pine and cedar and hemlock, around" It a wUta
expanse of meadows, above it tha perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the idler— rest. For th» hunter— tti« great
rame of the mountains. For the anjrler— th">
salmon and the trout <n the headwaters of th<»
Pacramento and the K!amath. ALL AT 3IS-
FON'S DOOR. The tavern Is new and fres^
and clean, with every modern comfort. T!r»
railway brlnjfs on* almost to the dcxir. Wher*
Nature is her grandest, come and learn how
prar.1 her Inspirations axe. Rat*s. HO to S1J
per w«ck. J2 50 per day. Gufdea and horse* for
mountain cMmbinr. MRS. M. L. SISSON, Pro-
prietor, Sisson. Cal.
Write for Terms.
Until August 15.
SPECIAL RATES
E. B. NELSON", Manager.
OLEMA, MARIN COUNT T. CAL.
OLEMA HOTEL,
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
ZK Hours' P.M<" From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IX THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod anl Reel FishinE Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club. ,
Seventh S<-a!=on of our Famous Marino Band.
The Society Kesort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Uolf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAT.. CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rat*?, unique «r-
rnngements for camping and illustrated pani-
phlets. apply to BANNIXO CO..
in South Rprins st.. Los Angeles. Cal.
A "DOVE STEW,"
and the doves are plentiful, too. at
£ HOT SPRINGS
After a hunt a plucge sulphur bath. Hot
mud, sulphur ar.1 hnt yarul batns for
Ills of tone, blood and muscle. Rates for
hotel, baths and physicians, 310 to JJ1 a
week.
Special round-trip rebate tickets.
Illustrated booklet and further Information
of FKANK W. KI/Y. City Afrent.
Tel. Red 2336. 640 Market St.. S. F.
OTTO K. NEVER. Prop.. Paso r.oM^a Cal
Gamp Goronado,
Coronado Bsach, California,
You enjoy the most perfect climate in
the world; A city of tents, with electric
light, police protection, porfect sower-
aic<*. pure water, restaurant, bakery,
delicatessen, etc.: San IXfso prices.
Twenty-minute car service to San
Pie&nf telegraph and long distance tele-
phone.
Inquire at 4 New Montgomery street.
Pan Francisco, or
Comnado Bench Company, Ccronado
Beach, California.
QUIET home in Sonoma redwoods; chickens.
eKirs. milk, cream, fruit: free drives; good
rooms; terms 16 per week. Address Redwood
Heights, Occidental. Cal.
0068
A vacation does not usually
extend beyond two or three or
four weeks, so that many of
those who have been sojourn-
ing during the past month at
the various resorts along the
California Northwestern Rail-
way are returning to their
homes.
Those who intend to take
their vacation during July or
August, and those who may not
have thought of a rest, but
should do so, can now easily
find the desired accommoda-
tions.
Call for "VACATION," a
little book just issued by the
company, giving Camping Lo-
cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring
Resorts, and a list of one hun-
dred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes where Board for the
Summer can be* secured at from
$5.00 to $8.00 per week.
Ticket Offlre, SZO Market at.
(Chronicle building).
General Of fire. Mutual LI fa
building. Sansome and California
¦t»., San Francisco.
E. C. WHITING. Geaenl Xtaigsr.
R. X. RYi*. C«n'l Piss. Agt
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER. Mgrs.
Swimming Tanks, Bowling Alleys. gWJJ"!
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold M nerni
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine L.l, v ,?"'
Hunting Horses and IX-ss. Kxperleneed Uu.nes
GEO. \V. WATSON, the famous Hunter ana
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will D*
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER 20 MINERAL, SPRINGS.
Rates— $10, $!2 ard $U per Week.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms. Hirhted by Electricitj.
Hotel and Cottajr"". lathed and plasterea.
COOL, ROOMS. I'ionty <>f Shade.
HEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Panctnsr In Ballroom every evening: Georpe
vV. Watson. Pandns Teacher. Tennis ana <-K>lt
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY OOLF LINKS IN LAKK COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L.. I>. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery street.
Hlathland Springs Mineral Waters on rale at
OAKLAND PIONKKU SODA WATEP. CO.,
Thirteenth and Webster streets. Oakland:
AHRENS. PHIX & BULLWINKLE. «0 Post
street, San Francisco.
For further Information call at Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery et., San Francisco.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Call at 41(5 Tin? Ft.. S. F., or
•writp J. MARTENS. Ra^hPlorP.
O. Full information gladly given.
AX
s0t^ : &W^^0^ niay k° iat because you have worked too
Jvr^lf 4^ hard, or have violated nature's laws in some other
m^ff^^'-f^^mM^ . way, you are broken down in health and have lost
S?' %ifa0P**^ % Q$^S~$M$$>'$' the ability to do your duty in business and family
.*!*'. l '^^f : A^^^W^!K life. You may have tried drugs and found no re-
licf * NOW » then ' i> s the time for you to investigate
an(l learn the merits of my treatment by my
mWagSM. DR, SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT.
My new illustrated book tells all about it, and will be sent to any address on appli-
cation. Or I will be glad to see you at my office.
Consultation Hours: Daily, 9 to 6; Sundays, 10 to 1.
D R T A SANDEN G o'farrell street,
J-/n. A « /A- Ot\l\LJC4l\, SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.Draymen Elect Officers.
At a meeting of the Draymen and
Teamsters' Union held last night the fol
lowing named officers were elected: Pres
ident. R. Dutton; vice president. X>. Keat
ing; financial secretary, D. FitzpatrlcK;
recording secretary, W. T. Dooly. The
union was reported to be In good finan
cial condition, as also with encouraging
prospects for a prosperous business year.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day in the Superior Court to Sarah E.
Ware from William H. Ware for infi
delity, Sarah N. Meyers from Fred V.
Meyers for desertion. George Supf from
Margaretha Supf for desertion. Annie
Handel from Albert Handel for neglect.
Charles Bassart from Annie Baasart for
desertion and Mamie A. Itsen from Fran
cis Ibsen for extreme cruelty. Suits for
divorce have been fll«*d by Fannie L»
Terry against Alonzo E. Terry for deser
tion, and Millie E. Sanford against Jesss
Sanford for failure to provide.
between Edward S. Cobb and Kate Maria
Cobb was continued before Judge Dain
gerfleld yesterday. Mrs. Cobb occupied,
the day on the stand. In addition to many
other compliments she paid her husband
she said that a Grass Valley physician,
had once advised him "To smoke less,
drink less, swear less and chew less."
That the physician's advice was not
taken seriously by Mrs. Cobb is Reducible
from her testimony that on the Christ
mas following the receiving of the advlca
she gave him a smoking Jacket and ha
presented her with $10. Later they be
gan to quarrel again and have since ex
changed no presents. The case goes on.
again to-day.
not help saying something. If one say but
'here was a good woman' orle has said
a great deal and perhaps said enough.
We all know that in any good^ life the
greater part remains untold. At the end
of the account of the Master's life the
writer of the Gospel says there were also
many other things that Jesus did, but it
would take many volumes to narrate his
d^eds. This is true of every true life. It
is not what the world says or what the
dear friends say— it is something else, it Is
the unwritten part that counts. It is not
onlv the prayer he says with his lips, but
it Is the life he leads in his heart: the fel
lowship he shows for fellow men— that is
the test of your religion. There is much
profession of religion in these days. God
grant there be more of the real thing
«ome day. It is not found within. It Is
not what a man says or what he does; it
la what he is. and back of that is found
what he is trying to be that counts. I
will not tell you what this woman has
done in this community, because you
know. Let us pray."
Dr. Leavitt then offered up prayer for
the soldiers, the firemen, the police and
members of the press. Another hymn x>y
the quartet concluded the services. Those
present took a last look at the generous
woman's remains and the, coffin was car
ried out to the hearse, which was sur
rounded by hundreds of curious people.
Maior General William R. Shafter.
General R. H. Warfield. Congressman
Julius Kahn. Colonel F. E. Beck. Lieuten
ant Johnson of the First Tennessee Regi
ment. U. S. V., Stephen V. Costello.
C AV. Carmany, M. J. Burke. Judge
Sullivan and William M. Broderfck.
the honorary pallbearers formed a
lane through which the casket, borne by
soldiers and firemen, passed. Herman B.
Scholtz Patrick Roberts. Henry Barker
and James O. Smith, convalescents of the
United States army; and Eugene Crowe,
captain truck 1; James Dyer, captain of
truck 2; William Denahy. captain engine
35 and William Horn, captain engine 19.
were the active pall-bearers.
Mrs Murray was escorted to her car
riage by Judge Sullivan, her legal adviser.
She was dressed in deep mourning and ap
peared to be greatly grieved.
The funeral cortege moved slowly
toward Laurel Hill Cemetery. On arriv
ing there the body was carried Into the re
ceiving vault, and after the quartet had
rendered "Good Night, I Am Going
Home." Rev. Dr. Leavitt read the burial
service. The services concluded with the
singing of "Farewell."
It has not been definitely settled
whether the body Is to be shipped to Dor
chester, Mass. Mrs. Murray is in favor
of allowing her mother's remains to rest
In this city, where her good deeds en
deared her to the people.
Mrs. Almira S. Townsend. philanthro
pist and friend of the volunteer soldier,
was laid away in the receiving vault of
Laurel Hill cemetery yesterday afternoon.
The last rites over the body were solemn
In the extreme and were witnessed by
the immediate relatives, friends and
distinguished men who followed the body
to Its temporary resting place. The serv
ices at the late residence and at the ceme
tery were simple and impressive. But for
the expressed wish of the dead woman
that she be given a private burial, thou
sands of people whe revered her for the
good she had done would have followed
her to the grave.
That her noble deeds in behalf of the
soldiers and the firemen were appreciated
by those two important bodies was evi
denced by the presence of Major General
William R. Shatter, Lieutenant Johnson
and four soldiers, who acted as honorary
and active pallbearers, and members of
the fire department. The fire department
also expressed Us high appreciation of the
dead woman by sending a beautiful floral
piece and four captains of truck and en
gine companies to act as pallbearers.
Mrs. Ella F. Murray, the daughter of
the deceased. Miss Nellie Rattigan, the
confidential secretary and companion, and
Ylng, the faithful Chinese servant, were
the only mourners. Thomas T. Townsend.
the former husband of the dead woman,
was conspicuous by his absence, but
Joseph Wilson Coburn. her brother, was
present and met his niece for the first
time In thirty years. The meeting was
not an affectionate one, simply a hand
clasp and a "pleased to meet you." Mr.
Coburn was accompanied by his sons, I.
W., Forrest. Martin and Charles. The
father and sons were permitted to view
the remains and were given a carriage to
go "to the burial grounds.
A number of additional floral pieces
were added 'to those already sent and the
room -.wherein the body lay was a bower
of sweet smelling flowers. The handsome
Hag presented to Mrs. Townsend by the
executive committee which arranged the
reception to the returning California
Volunteers covered the magnificent cas
ket. A bunch of Marechal Xeil roses
rested on the flag.
During the services, which were con
ducted by the Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the
First Unitarian Church, Mrs. Murray sat
in an adjoining room and was comforted
by Rev. Charles Ramm of St. Mary's
Cathedral. The Knickerbocker Male
Quartet, composed of H. Williams,
Dr. R. W. Smith, D. B. Crane and L. A.
Larsen, rendered "Abide With Me." and
at the conclusion of the hvmn Dr. Lea
vitt read the burial service. When he
concluded, the quartet sang "Nearer, My
God. to Thee." The minister then read
another chapter of the service and con
cluded by- reading the psalm. "The God of
the living." He then. said In part:
. "There is a very beautiful custom
observed in the Society of Friends, com
monly called the Quakers, who. when
some dear friend passes away; meet to
pay their tribute. of. love and respect to
his memory. They will sometimes sit and
think a very long while without any one
saying a word, because they seem to
recognize that the best that can be said
by even the best of us is poor stuff. After
these grand passages from the prophets
and these splendid promises from the lips
of Jesus, anything that we can say must
be like milk and water.
"I did not expect to say anything for
myscTf when I came here to-day. Indeed
I have been asked to make no personal
remarks, but at such a time as this I can-
Simple Services Mark the Funeral of
the Soldiers' Friend — Distin
guished Men Act as
Pallbearers.
Generous Woman Honored
in Death by Those Who
Revered Her.
MRS. TOWNSEND'S
REMAINS PLACED
IN A SEPULCHER
EGGERT WETJEX. the 10-year-old
son cf Cord H. Wetjen, the well
known merchant and politician of
this city, was drowned In the
Greer.brae Creek, near Tamalpais.
yesterday afternoon. Several years ago
young Wetjen went across the bay to visit
his aunt. Mrs. Liss. who is camping at
Ross landing. Yesterday afternoon, in
company with his aunt, he went down to
the bathhouses at Tamalpais for a swim.
The little fellow entered the water and
enjoyed himself for some time, swimming
up and clown the creek. He gave no sign
of distress until a cry was heard and he
was seen to struggle for a moment and
sink. He never came up.
Mrs. Liss, who was sitting on the bank,
plunged into the creek, weighted with all
her clothing. In a vain effort to save the
little fellow.
The Rev. Father Reginald Newell, pas
tor of St. Dominick's Church at Bush and
Steiner streets, who was In the vicinity,
hearing the cries for help from the ex
cited people, ran to the bank and plunged
into the creek and commenced a search
for the body. The brave priest. In spite
of the tide and the weight of his drench
ed clothing, continued his search until
he found the body and brought It ashore.
Dr. Cunningham of this city, who was
present, lent his aid in a determined ef
fort to resuscitate the body, assisted by
Dr. W. J. "Wirkrr.ann of San Rafael, but
their efforts were unavailing, as life was
extinct. The body had been submerged
about twenty minutes.
Mrs. I^iss, the aunt, ¦was hysterical and
prostrated through grief and her violent
exertions in her vain efforts to save her
nephew's life.
The father of the boy was notified at
once and went to San Rafael, to which
place Coroner Eden of Marin County or
dered the body taken last night.
VALLEY ROAD PEOPLE '
HONOR CHIEF ENGINEER
Gold Watch and Best Wishes Pre
sented to W. B. Storey Jr. by
Directors.
There was a meeting of the directors of
the Valley road yesterday, but it was for
pleasure, not for business, and the cause
of It was the presentation of a gold watch
to W. B. Storey, the chief engineer ot
the road, who will go East within a few
days to become chief . engineer of the
Santa Fe system.
It was somewhat difficult to gather the
directors and the old friends of Storey to
gether without exciting some suspicion,
but it was done, and th*-n Storey was
called In. Robert Watt made the presen
tation 'speech and everybody extended
good wishes to the departing official. The
Inscription on the watch is: "Presented
to W. B. Storey Jr. by the directors and
his associates in the construction of the
San Francisco and San Joaquln Valley
Railroad, July 25. 1900."
The gentlemen present at the presenta
tion are:
F. W. Van Slcklen. Robert Watt, vice presl
(5«it - Captain A. II. Payson, second vice presi
dent; J. D. Spreckeln, Charles Holbrook. J. B.
Stetson. Thomas Magw, Alvinz.-i Iiayward. J.
A. Hooper. I^eon SIos*. Isaac LTpham. Alexander
Mackle, decretory; Thomas Brown, treasurer;
Traffic Manager John Moss, Principal Assistant
Engineer W. C. Edes, Division Engineer B. H.
Fither. Division Kn£lr»p*r J. T. Williams. Su
perintendent A. D. Sehindler. Roadmaster R.
Craig, Master Mechanic D. Rutherford.
Kennedy Demands Injunction En
joining Fire Commissioners From
Awarding Contract to O'Rpurke.
J. F. Kennedy applied to Judge H*b
bard yesterday for an Injunction restrain
ing the Fire Commissioners from award
ing the contract for the shoeing of the
department's horses to Jq,hn O'Rourke.
Kennedy was represented by Herbert
ChoynSki, -who, stated that Kennedy's bid
of Jl 93 for each horse was the lowest.
O'Rourke's bid was $2 for each horse, and
the minutes of the meeting at which the
bids were submitted bear out his state
ment. •
Secretary McCarthy of the Com
missioners in answer to Choynski's
questions disclaimed any knowledge
of the facts other than those
read from the minutes. R. J. Harris,
who has charge of the horses, was asked
a lot of technical questions bearing on
the specifications under which the two
rivals submitted bids. Owing to the ab
sence of one of the Commissioners' at
torneys the matter went over until to
da J'- ¦'
¦ m » —
Ordered to the Front.
Every reader should take advantage of
the following proposition: Shoes for men
and women, also ties that are worth $2
to $3, for 50 cents a, pair. I do not pur
pose to spend all the money for advertis
ing, but simply state that 600 pair will be
sold to-day and to-morrow at the assig
nee sale of shoes. 775 Market street, near
Fourth. P. C. Kelly, assignee. •
RIVAL HORSESHOERS
FIGHT OVER CONTRACT
WILLIE LEROY BEAN, a bright
boy S years ot age, was fatally
crushed under the wheels of an
electric car almost In front of
his parents' residence at 332 Tenth street
yestc-rday morning. He was taken. to the
Receiving Hospital In the ambulance, but
Dr. Bunnell, who attended him, saw at
once that he could not live many hours.
His left leg was amputated above the
knee and his right leg was crushed into
pulp. There was also an extensive frac
ture of his skull. He was taken to the
hospital about 10:30 o'clock and died in
about two hours.
Car 703 was going south in charge of
Conductor F. B. Hill and Motorman T.
13. Keed. When It was between Folsom
and Harrison streets the boy, who had
b€«^n riding on a milk wagon going
north, jumped off and started across
the street. He ran In tront ol the
car and was knocked down by It. The
rear wheels passed over his legs. Reed
stopped the car as soon as he could and
•wttn the aid of the conductor picked the
mangled bov up and carried him to the
sidewalk. The boy's father. Lieutenant
Thomas Bean of Engine Company 29, who
is spending his vacation, had just finished
striving himself when some one called
and told him that something had hap
pened outside. Fearing the worst he
niFhed out of the house and when he saw
the mangled body of his only son he com
pletely brokft down.
"I was with Sweeney that night he met
his death, and It looks to me as if our
company had a hoodoo," said the giief
stricken father.
Reed the motorman, after taking his
car to the house, came to the City Hall
and surrendered himself to Policeman
Conlon. He was booked on a charge of
battery and released on $o0 cash ball.
After the boy died he again surrendered
himself and was booked for man
slaughter, being released on the same
bail "I was not to blame for the acci
dent " said Reed. "The milk wagon was
abreast of the car when the boy jumped
from it and the car struck him like a
flash."
Brave Priest Plunges In to Save
the Boy, but Only Finds
His Corpse.
Young Son of a Brave Fireman
buffers Great Agonies Before
He Succumbs.
Eggert Wetjen Sinks in Wa
ters of Greenbrae Creek.
Willie Bean Falls Under
Electric Car Wheels.
ONE LITTLE BOY DROWNED,
ANOTHER CRUSHED TO DEATH
D. E. McEInlaT, "who Is in the Seventh
Ccr.gres5icnal District encaged 5n the
work of organizing ilcKinley and Roose
velt dubs, sends to the Republican State
Central Committee cheering reports of
progress. Many citizens who voted for
Hry&n in U9f are actively advocating the
election of the Republican national ticket
In this campaign. Many large Republican
dubs have been crirar.ized and much en
thusiasm in the cause is shown.
So far the energies of the Republican
State Convention have been chiefly direct
ed to the Tiork of impressing upon voters
the urgent necessity cf early registration.
The law requires every voter to register
at.ew for the general election in Novem
ber. According to official announcement ;
cn^r.a'Jng from the Election Commission- ;
crs of Kan Francisco, registration for the
general election closes Sepieinber 28, forty :
cays prior to November 6. It is true that
;:.-.- Auctxalian ballot law provides that
registration tl.cM close forty days prior
to tli* general election, but the framers
of the law evidently overlooked the con
stitution cf tha Siaie of California. Sec
ricn 1. article XI, of the constitution de
clares:
'Even' native male citizen of the United
Btates, ever)' maie person who shall have
acquired the rights of citizenship under
or by virtue of the treaty of Queretaro
cud every male na.tura!izod citizen thereof. ¦
¦who ehail have b«-cume such ninety days !
prior to any election, of the age of 21 years,
who shail havt- betn a resident of the 1
State one year n^xt preceding the election :
ar.d of the county in which he claims his j
vote r.Im-ty days and in the election pre
etnet thirty days, ; hall be entitled to vote
at all elections which are now or may '
hereafter be authorized by law."
It is acknowledged bv the ailest advis- j
ere of the Republican State Central Com- !
ir.lttee that t!;e provision of the ballot law j
requiring registration to close forty days i
j>rior to the general election Is unconstltii- I
tlonaJ. The law car.r.ot take away from ¦
the voter a right which the constitution ;
guarantees.
The Election Comrr.'.seicr.ers will not
cross tr.e bridge u;.t:2 they reach it, and
the political parties win continue to urge I
all voters to pet on the register before I
September -?: but cerertheless a citizen
possessing the quaMrioations set forth In
the constitution must be registered If he
makes his application prior to October 6.
The Election Comir.i.-sioner.s may be com
pelled to provide supplemental lists or de
vise some oth*-r form of entering the voter
In the list of those entitled to vote, but
the citizen cannot be shut out by act? of
the Legislnure or rules of thecomniis
eIoh.
J. C. Sirr.s. chairman of th<? Democratic '
State Cent ml Committee, and M. F. Tar
pcy. Democratic National Committeemaju
exchanged ranapntgp views at the Califor
nia Hotei yesterday.
COMICLTTEES APPOINTED
Forty- Third District Republicans
Preparing to Select Delegates.
At a racetlng of the regular Forty-third
Assembly District Republican Club at
California Hall last night the president.
Major P. A. BettiS, was authorized to ap
point an executive and a finance commit
tee. Kis appointments are as follow:
Eic-cutive committee— Fred Frankfnthal. 3:e
Stockton rtrect; William II. Gavin. 3' 2 Taj
nrf+t; Philip Dolan. liwT Washington r-tr-'-i;
Uareo H Flc:?hTuau. li Mason «r<>»-t: Ang-]o
Israzzflara. 1015 Washington «tr*^"t: Harry M.
Faund^rs. 724 Pine Rreet; Dr. Chari.-s A. Bay
ley, 111 BtocJctcn street; William Lyons, 212
Port ftrett; Ffter Deveny. 26 John ytr^et:
Jan;** \jfxr.. ZZ2 S:c»~kfon street: I'avlrl Kri».-3
man. 2«« O'Farr^;! »tr<"^t: Leon Franks. 2C
oTam-ll street; M. W. Krady. Til Bw\ street;
Jehu Bref'n. 2-2 OFarrell ftrett; Augruy?. Koeh
:>~. EU California street: Vf. L. Cowln, Vfl
?jwel! tt'-f-J : <;aj=ton Straus, 3"4 Grar.t ave
nue: \V. J. Crozter. Cl? Pine street.
Fir.ar.f-e r-rmrrittee— General S. W. Rarlci?.
CUiforaU Hotel: P. J. Walfh. 17 Joyce Ftreft:
P. Tl. Bonmeil. D12 Stockton street ; J. H.
llarl'.rs. 839 Tine stroet; John J. Curry. Til
12u»h strert.
President liottls suprested that steps
be taken toward the choice of delegates
to the municipal. CongTf-s«iona! and State
oor.ventitiiis. It Has decided after feme
<Uscu.*fr!on that members may sul>mit
Dames to the* chairman by way of . ug- c
jrf stion. and that from these names the
executive eotnmitief- M>l<?ct the
proper uuiuber anu report them back to
;he club at the oext meeting, to be con
vcntO nt the call <>f the chair.
The <t;;j.o*-:ition tlub in the Forty-third
THptr;» t aiready hap its ticket Jn /he field,
ami ttere proxQsca to l»c a lively contest
a* the i r;m;:ry election.
Conirr* Fenian Kahn will probably sp^ak
at the Nfxt TBrrilait of the regular cluo
of t!if- IV rty-third District-
PREPAHING FOR PRIMARY,
Appointment cf Democratic State and
i/ocai Delegates Made.
The organization committee cf the
Democratic County Committee met yes
terday and decided that all names of
candidates for election as delegates to
the State ar.d local e/wiventions must be
lik-d with the secretary. Thomas E. Cur
ran, at his office In the Pcrrott Building.
on or before Monday. Auprust 6. The a.p
;><;rilonment of delegates Is as follows:
Twcr.ty-fiirhth Atrembly District— To State
ronvemion. £ delegate*; to local convention. 19
i"T2.mers cf the Australian Ballot Law
Most Have Overlooked a Plain
Prevision of the Constitu
tion cf California.
Citizens May Register for
General Election Until
October 6.
RIGHTS GIVEN
VOTERS BY THE
CONSTITUTION
The Republicans of Ocean View held a
meeting at Murphy's Hall last night at
which the following officers were elected:
President. T. A. Bowers; vice president,
James Casserly; secretary, C B. Hale
treasurer, L. W. Hale, and sergeant at
arms, Louis Rosenthal. V/ith these offi
cers the club declared Itself to be perma
nently organized and ready to take a hand
In the comlnsr primary election.
The torty-first District Republican Club
met last night in Franklin Hall. There
was a large attendance. Horace Davis
presided and F. T. Flncia acted as sec
retary. The meeting was addressed by
H. L. Tlchner. O. C. Pratt, Warren Gre
gory. Nathan H. Frank and Sheldon D
Kelloyg-. Committees were appointed on
campaign, membership and finances
Ocean View Bepublicans.
TTventy-Ninth Democrats.
xne louuning executive committee for
the regular Bryan and Stevenson Club of
the Twenty-ninth Assembly District was
named at a meeting of the club at 207
Fourth street la.=t night: M. Hawthorne,
i-rank McConnell. William McClure, L.
Myrish B. McHuKh. T. P.c-san. G. Ker-
KV&T- D , emps , ey ' iL fcHleallon, J. Welsh,
D. Toland. J. L>er\vin. W. Connor, T. Gib
ney, J. McUermott. T. Sullivan. T. Can
non, James Dunn, James Hagtrty and M.
Nally. James McSbeehy Is president of
the club and A. Pettrsen Is secretary.
Forty-First Bepublicans Meet.
In dread of consequences that mlgriit
follow and "that she mav again be hap- j
py," Mrs. Bernard prays for relief on
the ground named. In addition she asks
the nght to resume her maiden nam*, j
Mary Turman, and for any other relief j
the conscience of the court feels woul.l ,
assist in righting the almost irreparable j
injury that has been done her.
i
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— State, 6; lo- i
cal, 12.
1 hirtleth Assembly District — State. 6; lo- '
cal, 12.
Thirty-first Assembly District— State, 7; lo- ;
cal, 14.
Thirty-second Assembly District— State, 6; !
local. 11.
Thinj--thir<J Assembly District — State, 7; lo- I
cal. U.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District— State, 8;
local, 17. • %
Thirty-firth Assembly District— State, 6; lo
cal 12.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District— State, 10; lo
cal, 20.
Thirty-seventh Assembly District— State, 9;
local. IS.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District— State, 7- lo
cal, IS.
1 flirty-ninth Assembly District— State, 7; lo
cal. 14.
Fortieth As*«r.bly District— State, 7; lo
cal. 13.
forty-first Assembly District— State, 6; lo
<al. i2.
t crty-second Assembly District— State 6; lo
cal. 20.
Torty-third Assembly District— State <• lo
<"al. 8.
Forty-fourth Assembly District— State E; lo
cal, lo.
Korty-flfth Assembly District — State 4; lo
cal, 7.
years. He slept badly and parsed Ins
hours of v.-akciulness in loud talk when
alone. He kept his room dark by putting
biar.kets over the windows, tore up his
clothes, broke furniture and was morose
and sulky in disposition. He threatened
his mother's life; threatened hia sister
and often talked of suicide. He fearod
that he was being cheated out of his
share of his fathers estate; had ro idea
of the value of money, was suicidal, homi
cidal and destructive. The cause of in
sanity is named as "hereditary" and the
class, as asserted by Mrs. Bernard, "mel
ancholia."
purpose of looting the premises. Fr —
quentiy he sits up all night without rea
son or purpose. Sometimes he passes the
hours of oarkness writing or pretending
to write and on the dawn destrovs fht
result of his night's labors, the lady
avt-rs.
On August 12, 1S92. Bernard was ex
amined before Judge F. "tt". Lawier arid
committed to the Napa Asylum. The his
tory of the patient as shown by the
records of the Lunacy Commission, In
view of Mrs. Bernard's complaint, is in
teresting. The commission found that
Bernard had "been odd " for a flumber of
lunatic who had or.ce been an inmate of
an asylum for the ir.sane. That such was
the fact she now alleges and prays a de
cree of court freeing her from her un
fortunate union.
By way of introduction to her complaint
Mrs. Bernard avers that her consent to
her marriage was obtained through fraud
and the fact of Bernard's condition wad
withheld Irom her. He is afflicted, she
alleges, periodically with spells uf insan
ity of tne class known as melancholia
To her terror while thus afflicted he grow3
ruspicious that sume one wants to do
Kim great harm. He acts strangely and
examines the house at night time to see
if some one ha* gained entrance for the
Life as the wife of an insane man is
one of constant terror, says Mary T.
Bernard, who filed suit yesterday to have
her marriage to John F. Bernard an
nulled. Mrs. Bernard alleges that when
the took the vows of marriage on ApiU
£4 of this year she was unaware that she
was placing her fate in the hands of a
— » —
She Sues for Her Freedom and Tells
Dramatic and Detailed Story
of Husband's Hallu
cinations.
Mary T. Bernard Say3 Fraud
Led Her to Marry an
Insane Man.
CLAIMS TERROR
WAS M LOT AS
LUNATIC'S WIFE
THE pilots have another whale story
to tell. On this occasion there was
no disaster, but the occupants of
the pilot boat Gracie S will not for
get the incident in a hurry, nevertheless.
One of the leviathans while out hunting
opened its huge Jaws to take In a mouth
ful of small fish and engulfed the kedge
anchor of the pilot boat. A nuke of the
mud hook must have hurt the mamma!.
for it rose to the surface and started oft
at the rate of about a mile a minute with
the pilot boat in tow. After going about
five knots the kedge line parted and
pilots and crew went down on their knees
and said prayers. Captain Erskine led
the devotions. '
Mondav night the pilot boat Gracie S
was on the outside station and within a
few hundred yards of where the Eontea
was run into by a whale and sunk. Cap
tains Krskine and Kortz were the only
pilots '.eft aboard, the others having
"boarded oft" during the day. No ves
sels were due and there was not a thing
In sight, sn after posting the lookout Cap
tain Erskine went below to join Captain
Kortz. The latter was already In bed,
so Erskine decided to follow suit. lie un
flressed himself leisurely and had just
removed his shoes when the Grade S
gave a jump ahead that thr^w him off
his feet.
The shock brought Captain Kortz out
of his bunk standing and in a flash he
and Krskine were on deck, and then they
saw the cause of their trouble. The
whale was running through the water,
leaving a phosphorescent trail behind it
drapjrlng the pilot boat, which was almost
bows under. Just as the men were pre
paring to cut the kedpe line it parted and
when hauled aboard showed that it must
have come right away from the rinp In
the stock of the anchor. The Grade S
cruised all that night and it poes without
sayinp that .lust as bright a lookout was
kept for whales as was kept for ships.
"1 have never in my life seen as many
whales off shore." said Captain Erskine
yesterday. "During the day they can be
seen spouting in every direction and at
night you can hear them breathing all
around you. I'm glad that we escaped
with the loss of a kedge anchor. It might
have been worse."
Leviathan Swallows tine Vessel's Kedge Amclior and
Them There Is Something Doing.
ANOTHER PILOT BOAT GETS TANGLED WITH A MONSTER OF THE DEEP.
BIG WHALE RUNS AWAY WITH
THE PILOT BOAT GRACIE S
THE SAK FRANCISCO CAIili, THURSDAY, JULY 26, 1900.
Wife Asks for a Divorce on That
Ground — Cobb Proceedings Again
on Hearing.
James F. Hallett. the -well known
salconman and politician, has been sued
by his rrtfe. Adaline Hallett, for divorce,
on the ground of extreme cruelty. Mrs.
Hallett alleges that on March 13 Hallett
assaulted her at their home..2SH Louisa
street, and struck her Jn the face with a
pitcher. Again, she alleges, he blackened
her eyes. In addition to a decree of dl«
vorce Mrs. Hallett asks for alimony In
the sum of S'CO & month.
The hearing of the divorce proceedings
POLITICIAN HALLETT IS
CHARGED WITH CRUELTY
5
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
When a new Embassador arrives in
London he visits the Queen before he sees
anybody else. • - ¦
Drapery Materials
So and 7c Yard,
Printed Scrim— 38 inches wide,
for sash cr cottage curtain*, reg- — ¦
ularlr 10c yard — to-day OC
figured Siikolino— For mantle
drapes, regnlarj 10c yard— to- «
day ZC
Bargain Tables— Main Aisle.
Golf
p Shirts '¦
Ijfe^ 43c.
yjSf!%%%g\ Oa sale to-day,
(rf^$&&£J$J 2 ") dozan Men'a
//, /lESsPi^v Golf Stlirts '
Ilf''U)iW : Pu*ii&<\ ne3t desirable
nmMMimXI^ *«™ner pat-
WwSfffli terM and co1 -
m^inlWH'tWl crings, pinks,
WtffliWwS// heliotrope,
ifflwffl'ltWH'/ b;ue9> etC -' aU
Irlii'fl'iiirliiil'IWi / *kis season's
IJliWvljwi'fyl good3 ' cx "
m-WnivWiil wal1 made * at
, prica. **&**
25c Veils 15c,
23c WASH #W*&
VEILS— vQ. , jfo.^£fr--flte>^
Cream or j^gffi.^^g^? |Jg<3
i'so 7r\v5v <^y^\\ i ¦
25c BLACK 'W^'?, 1 *I)/Ss
VEILS— Tuxedo pattern, with jjrean
cbenille dot and torder — to-day, each..
15o
Veiling Counter— Rotunda,
15c Piquo 1OCm
Good round cord white open work
and corded Lawn, and plain
black Striped Lawn, regularly
15c yard — to-day IQc
Bargain Tables— Main A'sle.
$1 Stationery 23c.
A Fpecial purchase of Crane's
Irish Linen Correspondence
Paper, with envelope3 to match
(square or long).
$1.00 box. 120 sheets— to-day. 23o
$1.00 box. 325 enveWes— to-daj..230
Sales Tables— Main Aisle.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
Department.
A 1 ! of tha authorized text books
Thit will be used in the Primary,
Grammar and Hi^h Schools for the
ensuing term. All khd3 of School
Stationery and School Supplies at De-
partment Store price?.
and
School Supply
A Special
School Book
widths in all of the 11 styles* The
be3t that can be made a; the regular
r rices. Oa sale now:
$2.50 Shoes.. ffl.Cft $3.30 Shoes.. #2.37
»3.C0 Shoes.. $14*!* $5.00 Shoes. .#^35
Great Sale of
Ladies' Shoes—
Made for Kingmsn & Fox
bought by us at
65c on the $1.OO.
New, stylish shoes, ju3t from the
factory. Complete lines of sizes aad
Mr. Gottfried Hcmmerich. Palmer, Fla.
Gottfried Hemmerich of Palmer. Fla_.
pays the following In regrard to Perur.a
for catarrh of the stomach:
"My trouble m catarrh of the stom-
ach, arid your medicine has performed a
miracle in my case, as the doctor I con-
sultwl said I could not live if I stayed In
Florida. He wanted to stnd me to a hos-
pital in Kr.nxviiie. Tenn. If I had done
This I ¦would surely have died. I took
Peruna. and now ajraln I have life and
> nergy, and new f.esh and blood has re-
placed what I lost."
"For sevsraf years I was troubled
with indigestion, an increase of acid
in the stomach, headache, loss of
appetite, dizziness and a'most com-
plete paralysis of the left arm. My
friends advised me to try Paruna.
Four bottles cured me sound and
well, and I have not felt a symptom
of my trouble since."
Address Dr. Hartman. Columbus, Ohio,
for free book.
I
Jlr it. C. Carew writes from Brockton.
Mass.. the followlnsr: . ,
'"About ten years apo I -was preatly .
dlptropppi'. by dvspepsla and took no \
comfort d*y or nipht. I tried everything
that physicians prescribed without relief
whatsoever. tnena insisted on
my using Peruna. It worked wonders
and entirely cured me of the dis-
agrasable disease. I cannot speak
too highly of Peruna."
Mr Jarr.es R. Hunt writes: "I have been j
troubled with dyspepsia for fourteen .
year?. My stnmocli was sour, my bowels
costive, bad palpitation of the hfart. lmll- |
grestion. torpM liver, v.as nervous, did not j
sleep good, my bead felt lipht and had ;
?=j>eeks before th<^ eyes. I tried patent :
nu-dlclnoj!. various rem^lies. ar.d consult- '
f-d phypirSrinp in vain. Consequently I pro- 1
eured-a bottle nf Manalin. and have since ;
b«-*n using it continually. I have realized ,
much benefit from Its use. It keeps my j
bowels regular, and I think It is the best ;
dyspepsia remedy I ever saw."
Mrs. X. K. Brown, Asheville, X. C.
write?:
From Maine to Florida Peruna's Fame
Has Spread.
With Every School Suit
Bought Hone This WoeMc
A Reliable Watch- Free.
Crockery and Glassware
(Slightly Damaged) on Sato To-Day,
Much Less Than Half Price.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPORIUM.
place yourself under our treatment and w<?
will restore you to permanent h«alth and
strenirth as qui<-klr as Is consistent with a
permanent cure. Our remedies, methods
and appliances are the besj, our Institu-
tion the largest and beat equipped, our
practice the moet extensive. Patient* may
pay monthly or wh*n well. Our m? lirtn.j
are prepared In our own private laborato-
ries, free to ratlents. HOME CUJES A
SPECIALTY.
Consultation and advice fr»e at cfflce or
by mail. Also private book for men. .
Hours — Dally. 8 to 5. Evenings. 7 to t
Sundays. 9 to 11. Elevator entrance.
731 Market St., San Francisco.
If you are suffering: with an unnatural
weakness, a contracted or chronic ailment.
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men.
NOm 1 in the picture represent* an all-wool 2-piece suit, carefnlly
/~^S^ made of pretty caasiaieres or fast blua cheviot, double seat aad
b 9 £ * donble knees, sizes for boj3 8 to 16 years. Prica this week.
fcT / with a Wztch $3.45
jfqK <-^. &gkty other stvles, 2-piece Suits, ranging
n0r\ fgl in price from $2.45 to $7.50.
/ 1^ f\ i£|f\ NOm 2 shows a stylish 3-riece
/ b I \ jfcr~1\ u ' t ma^ 3 °f ai:-wool fancy
It A V'iAvnta (G&jPk. cassimeres or fast biua che-
M f ()*<¦ * \ '$rf- v> viot ' ia Ter^ P re "y patterns
I \S y \\ -^/\ \ *• — *k e panta have doable
& <^/j > n \ K^^Jcj^y 8eats an^ knees— well sewed
A\, ftr I - J Jk \zK J &3&-*i\ an^ buttons put on to stay.
?y !\ ' ''HvL^/f A\ X^^r^?^ Pr5ce tDi3 w *« k - with a
I \ M V/ir^ fe^ Watch $4.95
\ <A 1 1 1 iAc^r Twenty other styles, y-
\\ ft H i**s£B iece Suits > f rom $3-95
\\ l\ I wlST to fiO.OO.
\\ I I p£y lEf N°* 3 a a Bov9 ' I jOn 8 ?* ots
\ \ / \ jT~J Vj ¦ Suit, made eiact!y like a
\ \ / I I / I ' nan's, for ages 13 to 19
1 VY m N \ I hi years, all-wool blue aad
jjj \»4 />] i^^-w m KV fancy cheviots, correct in
i £^*^ t - <Q— V-* 1 1 ¦£J-—* ff *^ style, perfect in make and
¦&_ t finish. Price thh week,
*~ with a Watch
$4.95
More than 20 other Styles, long Pants Suits, from $6 to fly.
The Watch that we ar- giving away is an American
open faced, full si{ed, nickel plated, good time keeper,
guaranteed for one year.An injunction is one of those mysteries whose
value depends upon whom it is applied to, by whom,
and when, and where.
« — — _ _ ¦
We are told that Bryan will not take the stump for
a month to come, but no information has been given
as to what is the matter with his jaw.
Lord Kitchener may yet have a chance to stand
forth as the victorious hero of the South African war,
for old man Bobs appears to be getting tired.
It is reported that even the jingoes among the Brit
ish arc getting tired of< war, and it must be conceded
the jobs their country is up against are calculated to
make one weary.
NEW YORK, July 23.-H. M. Hayward
of San Francisco is at the Hoffman; J.
Gordan of San Francisco Is at the Em
pire. : : :\» •'. ''.
CALIFOENIANS IN NEW YORK.
Jerry Simpson's Senatorial aspirations arc now
about ns bare as his feet.' for the Kansas Populists
have everlastingly knocked the socks off them.
The British arc having a hard time catching the
Boers in South Africa, and, moreover, when they do
they generally catch a licking.
The Texas Populists have copyrighted their plat
form to keep the Democrats from stealing it, *o it is
evident they Irave some sense after all.
Get your name on the great register, enroll your
se'f as a member of a Republican club and then vote
right. Those are the three. primary duties of everv
good citizen at this time.
Some Philadelphia folks have organized a society
lo promote an alliance with Great Britain, but no
alarm need be felt on the subject. The thing has no
Evmptozs of over becoming a movement.
DOWN in Texas the Populists have held a con
vention, adopted a platform containing noth
ing about Bryan or imperialism, and appended
to it the declaration: "Whereas, Past experience has
proven that the Populist platforms are tempting to
Democratic politicians; be it therefore Resolved. That
the chairman of the executive committee be hereby
instructed to have the Populist platform copyrighted
before the Democratic convention, August 8."
The declaration shows that the Populists of Texas
are weary of erecting platforms only to see them
stolen by Democrats. It would seem that in this
campaign a platform from which Bryan and im
perialism have been carefully excluded would be safe
from such thefts, but the framers of it are wise i'n
taking no chances. There is no telling wh.nt a Texas
Bryanite will do when he gets started. It would be
just as easy for those fellows to put a Bryan brand
on a harmless platform as it is for a cattle man with
an eye to the main chance to put his brand on any
maverick he finds running around the plains.
When Sir Robert Peel as the leader of the Tory
party in Britain abandoned the policy of protection
and suddenly introduced a free trade bill Disraeli
taunted him with many a jibe for his political dishon
esty. He charged that Peel had "found the Whigs
bathing and stolen their clothes," that he "had ob
tained applause under false pretenses," and "acquired
a party policy by the practice of political petty lar
ceny."
All of which may not have been true of Peel, but is
certainly true of the Bryanites. They have stolen
the clothes of Democracy and the principles of Popu
lism, and they are still on the hunt for anything they
can pick up. The Texas Populists have been prudent
in copyrighting their platform, but if they be really
sagacious they will watc'h it with shotguns.
e COPYRIGHTED PLATFORM.
T'nited States Marshal George L. Sie
brerht of San Antonio. Texas, is here on
a short, visit. Mr. Siebrecht has a well
earned reputation in his State for being
clever and quick in the use of firearms,
and the "bad" men in, that section give
him a. wide berth.
M. M. Conniff, a well-known Boston pol
itician, is at the Palace. Mr. Conniff at
tended the National Convention at Kan
sas City and extended his trip to Califor
nia for sightseeing and pleasure. He will
visit Yosemite Valley before his return
home.
Lord and Lady Hope have returned
from San Leandro, where they have bee.i
staying with Edna Wallace Hopper. They
are at the Palace.
A. F. McPhail of Rono is at the Grand.
He is on his way home from Santa Bar
bara, where he went after a band of catUe
and horses.
L. Allehoff. a representative of the well
known firm of Allen & Lewis of Portland.
Oregon, is in the city for a few days.
W. S. Chance, one of the assistant sec
retaries of the treasury, is at the Palace.
J. R. de Lamar, the mining man, is at
the Palace. He Is registered from Paris.
M. V. Morris, U. S. A., is at the Palace.
James McCudden of Vallejo Is at the
Grand,
j. Cullberg, an Arcata merchant, is at
the Lick.
Kdward K. Stone of Marysville is at
the Lick.
Edward Gary Williams of Boston is at
the Grand.
L. AV. Stuart, of the Pullman Company,
is at the Occidental.
F. W. Leadbetter is registered at the
Talace from Portland.
J. L. Beringer, a wineman from St.
Helena, is at the Lick.
K. L. Doheney of Los Angeles, an oil
man. is at the Talace.
Malcolm McLeish, a mining man from
Denver, is at the Lick.
E. W. Mason, an oil man from Coal
inga, is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Presidential campaign brings up many issues on
which the people are divided, but all can agree upon
the importance of a grand celebration of Admission
day and unite with the Native Sons in trying to make
it worthy of the occasion.
That is all. there is to the problem. William Wal
dorf Astor has his faults, but he is not lackine in a
-
As a rule the uninvited guest is not a welcome guest.
There is a story that a Georgian volunteer during the
Civil War managed to get possession of a chicken,
and. being a man of large hospitality, he invited three
friends to join him for dinner. Just as he had divided
the chicken into four parts and was about to serve
the company in came a stranger. The host served his
three friends, and then looking over to the newcomer
said: "Mr. uninvited guest, perhaps you would like
a piece of chicken?" "I would," replied the guest.
"Well, then," said the host, ''why don't you go and
catch one?"
In all communities there is a class of men who, be
cause of their wealth or their native gall, think they
have a right to go anywhere. They walk into balls
and other social gatherings without invitations and
rely upon the courtesies of society to make the game
go safely through. There is no telling how many of
that kind of lordlings there are in London, nor how
much a rich American who gives entertainments of
note in that capital has to endure from their aristo
cratic nerve. It is quite probable that Mr. Astor has
been annoyed a good many times by Sir this or Sir
that walking into his concerts and receptions without
an invitation, and that at last the thing became unen
durable. '
Now The Call knows nothing of the correctness of
these theories, but it desires to direct attention to the
f?ct that neither of them gives Mr. Astor a fair show.
He has* been condemned without a hearing, and iio
one has reminded the public that he has some rights
in the matter. The facts themselves, freed from the
coloring given by theories, present us with the old
problem of the host and the uninvited guest. It is
universally conceded that a man's house should be^the
chief scene of his hospitality, and that when an ac
quaintance comes to the door he should be invited in
and properly entertained. When a man gives a partv,
however, a different condition of affairs is presented,
and it is not so universally agreed that at such time j
host should be required to welcome every uninvited
guest that comes.
Thus far there have been advanced two theories on
the subject. One is that Astor's conduct was an act
of vulgar rudeness from a purse-proud millionaire,
and that society is going to cut him. The other is a
romantic theory. It sets forth that Sir Berkeley loves
Miss Pauline Astor: that she so far favors his suit as
to invite him to the concert without saying anything
about it to her father: that Mr. Astor objects to, such
a son-in-law, and that the next proceeding in the
affair is to be a duel. "
WILLIAM WALDORF ASTOR gave a con
cert, and Sir Berkeley Milne went to the con
cert without an invitation. Mr. Astor not only
requested the intruder to leave, but next day published
the announcement that Sir Berkeley's presence at the
concert had been uninvited. Over that episode in the
private life of a set of people who are of no use what
ever to the world, there is more discussion and agita
tion in Europe and America than over a thousand
things of a thousand limes more importance.
AN UNINVITED GUEST.
The great Chinese juggling game — first you see the
foreign Ministers alive and then you don't— is alto
gether too spectacular and too exciting for pleasure.
It is time to blow up the stage.
Crabshaw— Well, he found out that he'd
wasted a lot of money having: his daugh
ters instructed In boaruing-scnool French.
—Judge.
Crawford— Did he learn anything by vis
iting the Paris Exposition?
THE AWAKENING.
The programme arranged for the celebration is an
excellent one. The Native Sons have done their
share of the work well. The display of the different
rarlors will constitute one of the best advertisements
of the industries, resources and wraith of the various
cocntirs of the State that has ever been made. Th?
one thing now needed to assure a complete success
:< money, and that should be provided without delay.
Come up with the coin.
Above all matters of individual profit to be ob
tained from increased trade, however, are considera
tions of State and civic patriotism involved -in the
event.. We are so far from the populous States of th^
East that we must be more enterprising than any
other State in order to maintain our rightful prestige
in the Union. We must advertise California and
make her merits known. Every year should see un
dertaken and carried to success some movement
which will attract attention to the varied climate and
marvelous resources of our great commonwealth.
Only by that means cm we draw to the State the en
terprising population and the capital needed to keep
the pace of it= advancing development abreast with
that of the most progressive States of the republic.
It has been estimated that the amount of money
which will be brought to the city will not fall short
of $-?50.ooo. To that must be added a considerable
sum which our f own people would probably take out
of the city on holiday jaunts were not a more attrac
tive celebration prepared for them at home than any
they could expect to find elsewhere. Thus the mone
tary grains to the community arc sure to be large.
and it is plain to be seen that the more splendid and
attractive the festival is made the more visitors will
jt draw from all parts of the country, and the larger
will be the amount of money put into circulation.
Two strong reasons present themselves in favor of
liberal and early contributions. The first is that the
celebration is to be a matter which will attract the
attention of the whole Union and will go far toward
adding to the prestige of the city. The second is that
it will draw thousands of visitors and thereby put in
circulation a large sum of money, which will add to
the activity of trade. Thus there are both patriotic
snd business considerations to prompt people gener
ally to prive support to the celebration.
LTFON" the business men of San Francisco de-
I pends much of the success of the grand cele
bration of Admission day, and should that suc
ccm; be marked and brilliant it is to them that most of
its material bent-tits will accrue. It is therefore a mat
ter of importance to the business men of the city ss
well as to the Native Sons, and their aid should be
cordially and liberally" extended.
From the reports made public from time to time
it is now assured that the programme of the cele
bration will be one of the most attractive ever ar
ranged on the Pacific Coast. To carry it out upon a
plan worthy of the city and of the occasion will re
quire a considerable expenditure of monej\ for the
display is not to be cheap or tawdry. Therefore con
tributions to the celebration fund should be as gen
erous as the contributors can afford, and, furthermore,
they fhouid be promptly made.
COME UP WITH THE COIN.
Postal Inspector Irwin left this city for Manila last
week, and it is probable he will bring order out of
the apparent chaos that exists there in the soldiers'
mail. Certainly the evil is a serious one. and it is
discreditable to the Government that it should* have
gone on for so long a time. It is the bad condition of
the service in the Philippines that diminishes the sat
isfaction the public feel in the announcement that
the order for giving domestic rates on soldiers' letters
will be issued within a day or two. Why should there
be delay? Why cannct the department act promptly
in a matter so seemingly simple as that of handling
the mail of its soldiers at the front?
The delay of the soldiers' mail is not to be dis
puted. Ample evidence of the wrong can be found
everywhere. In this city many complaints have been
heard concerning it, and a similar condition of af
fairs prevails in every locality where friends and rela
tives of the soldiers are to be found. Thus the
Springfield Republican recently said: "The fact is
not to be questioned that one way and another, no
body seems to know how, letters sent frctan the United
States to the soldiers do not reach them. A soldier
of the Twenty-sixth Regiment, stationed at Iloilo,
Panay, has sent a great many letters to friends in this
cit3% and filled with complaints of being forgotten,
although his friends have written many letters to him
and sent him various packages of newspapers and
small comforts."
In reply to a letter addressed to him on the subject
by a citizen of Springfield the Postmaster General is
quoted by the Republican as saying: "The mails
dispatched by transports from San Francisco of
course make much better time to Manila than those
sent via Hongkong, but of late these transports have
sailed but twice a month, namely, upon the 1st and
16th, hence advantage has also been taken of all such
dispatches as were possible via Hongkong. However,
this y!uch is known — that the sailings from Manila to
Iloilo have been at times somewhat infrequent, and it
is thought that the trouble lies in that quarter. We
have also found that at times the regimental officer
who might be for the moment charged with the
handling of the mails does not always use the care
in searching out individual soldiers that might be pos
sible." 1
For a long time there have been complaints of the
mismanagement of the soldiers' mail. In the Philip
pines the service appears to have been grossly mis
managed. The Army and Nsjvy Journal recently
quoted from the Manila Freedom of May 20 the state
ment: "For a whole dreary month 500 sacks of mail,
destined for these islands, have been rotting in the
holds of the transport Hancock, lying in an Asiatic
port. We are not concerned as to whether the Han
cock has gone off on a fishing excursion or whether
the commission he]^ the ship at Nagasaki in order
to run up to Tokio that they might see the geisha
girls dance. What Manila wants is those 500 sacks
of mail."
DISPATCHES from Washington announce that
"within a day or two" the Postoftice Depart
ment will issue an order extending the privi
lege of domestic rates of postage to United States
soldiers serving in China. The dispatch in itself is
gratifying, but it would have been much more satis
factory if the announcement had been that the order
is to go into effect at once, and that ample arrange
ments have been made for providing a prompt deliv
ery of the mail.
THE SOLDIERS' MfllL.
It is probable that the allied forces will begin to
march on Peking as soon as they can agree upon a
commander in chief. At the present time it seems
doubtful whether the command will be given to a
Jap, a French mulatto or a Cossack. The white man
is not in it.
THURSDAY JULY 26, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
HAKAGEB'S OFFICE J^5E5^S^X5^i-22J
PcitICATlO!PoFFICI5..MJirUet ««* Third. S. F.
Tclrpbane Pref» -*»*-
EDITORIAL aOOMS SIT to 221 Strremumm St.
Telephone l»rcn« 292.
Oellvcrrd by Cerrlfr*. 15 On«» Per "Week.
J'nclr Copies. 15 O»t«.
Terms bj Mail. Zncindlnf; Postasrei
CtAILT CAli. <Snc)u<Unr Sunday), one year tt-W
PAILT CAJLL fltc^dln* Bao&v). « months .. 8-00
PATVT CAJ-I, ttncluiiBK Bunday). » moatt* - — t5«
1>AILT CAlO^Sy Blngi* Moctlx Kg
CCTTDAT CAX.L do* l>ar J-W
VXEELY CAU O=« Ttir ~. *¦•«
an pottoiaaten «re «ntherUe« tm receive
• nbtcr!?tlon».
£ftZ3pla aopSta trill fce fcrwarled wbea requested.
Jttfl rubecriben In orflertng chatif* ©* adflr«»« should b»
|>«rilcul»r t» frtv« Jxoth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to la*uw * prompt *s4 correct cocepUaac* with their r«<nie«t.
<iik-i.*»n OP"F1CE ....111S Dr»»4w»j
C GEORGE KKOQNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertiilajj, Marquette Building. Chicago.
" (ii-- Distance Tvtcpbsne "Centrml 2613."')
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON J. Heraid Equar*
JfEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEVEN B. SMITH 30 Tribuno Building
CHICAGO NEWS STAXD8:
EkcRsafi Btmst; P. O. N«wi Co.; Qt—X Northern Hotel;
FrMSwat Hcn*e; Aaflltortmn HoteL
JH3W TORK XEW8 STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Bre&ta&c, U Union Square;
Kaxray Hfil Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C) OFFICE Wellington Hota.
MORTON t. CRANE, Correspondent,
UJl 4^frH OFFirES — IT! Mont4ron>»ry. <-err.*r of CIjt. or** 1
until I* of dock. SCO Hayra. open unt!l »:S9 o'clock. *3»
HcAlllstw. open until t-30 o'clock. CIS Larkla. open unt!!
t-Ml o'clock 1M1 Mlssico. open until 10 o'clock. 2I€1 MarV:-"
corner Sixteenth, cpea until * o'clock. 1086 Valencia. op»
cbUI * o'clock. 1CS Eleventh, open until 8 o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-aeccDd and Kentucky, open until i o'clock.
THE MOST REV. PATRICK W. RIORDAN.
ARCHTHSHOP RIORDAN, is home
again after an absence of eleven
months, a larger part of which
time was spent in Rome. He ar
rived at 5:20 o'clock yesterday afternoon
and was driven to the Cathedral resi
dence. ¦ His people will have the flrst op
portunity to see and hear him Sunday at
the last mass, at 10:30 a. m., when he will
preach at the cathedral.
The Archbishop left Salt Lake City at
noon Tuesday for the last stage of his
homeward journey. He was met at Sac
ramento by Rev. P. E. Mulligan, his sec
retary, and Rev. Father McQuaid. who
were with. him in Europe but who left him
in Chicago and arrived here two weeks
ago.
At the Sixteenth-street station In Oak
land the train was met by a committee
composed of Garret McEnerney, Judge To
bin, James R. Kelly. John M. Burnett.
"William H. Nolan, Judge J. F. Sullivan
and John Casserly. A number of. clergy
men also met the party there, among
them being Rev. Hugh Lagan, Rev. Philip
O'Ryan and Rev. Edward Dempsey.
Awaiting the Archbishop's arrival at
the ferry depot was a number of clergy
and laity, including Rev. J. J. Prender
gast. Vicar General: Rev. Charles A.
Ramm and Franklin K. Lane.
The homecoming of the Archbishop was
very unostentatious and characteristic of
the modesty that has always marked the
noted prelate. At his request the public
reception that had been planned by lead
ing citizens and clergymen has been aban
doned. His reception on the train and at
the ferry depot yesterday consisted sim
ply of a few hearty grips of the hand and
"Welcome hnmo" in tones that bespoke
the love and veneration in which tho
Archbishop is hold by his people.
• The Archbishop is in excellent health,
with eye brlpht and step elastic. Every
look and eesturo Rives unmistakable evi
dence of his pleasure at being- once more
in California among his own people.
"This pimple greeting is all tho welcome
home that it is fitting I should receive."
tho Archbishop said. *'I am happy to
come out of the heat of the East and the
dust and heat of travel into our glorious
California summer, and I am glad to be
with my people aprain. I shall preach
briefly at the cathedral Sunday morning
at the last mass."
At the cathedral residence a transfor
mation had been worked in preparation
for the Archbishop's homecoming. Grace
ful potted palm?, bamboo and trailing
smilax adornc-il the rooms and lent a new
charm to the simple interior. Roses and
carnations in bouquets and banked
against the background of greenery com
pleted the decoration.
The Archbishop has been absent from
his diocese for eleven months. Xlne
months of that time lie -was in Europe,
and in Romo most of the nine month?.
On the way home he made short visits in
New York, Chicago and Salt Lake City.
At the Request of the Noted. Prelate
There Will Be No' Public
i Reception.
ARCHBISHOP RETURNS
TO REJOICING PEOPLE
Board of Directors Adopts a
New 6ight-Year Course
of Study.
! — — •
The Board of School Director*, at a reg
ular meeting yesterday. droldr *1 to aholfsh
the Longfellow Primary School ami the
Business Evening School, not particularly
as a matter of economy, fur all UmJ teach
ers are retained, but because consolida
tion with other schools is «lp<?med to bo
more beneficial to the Interests of the pu
pils. The LonpfelLow school house was
built in 1S73, and never was considered a
good building-. The Rincon schoolhouse.
a modern structure, was built on the same
property, and has room enough In It for
more than half of the ft*"* pupils in th«
Longfellow. The remainder ¦will be sent
to "Whittier. a block and a half distant.
Miss Jennie Smith, principal of the Long
fellow, by the change becomes principal
of the Rincon School, with a salary of
$175 per month. The name of Rincon will
be changed to I^onjrfellow.
The board adopted a new elffht-yew
course of study. The course is upon line;*
suggested by Superintendent "Webster and
arranged by Professor Cubberly of Stan
ford University. Mr. Webster was very
much opposed to cutting the course of
studv from nine to eight years, but the
board was a unit on the proposlton. and
he did not make any fight. The matter
was put through In such haste that Di
rector Denman frankly confessed that .ha
had given It no attention whatever. The
impression was left that the other m«n-
High School was reduced by tho following
resolutions: " ,
rsASSR c M n r «£ ."and
privilege of accepting a position tatte «Binmer
ctal department of the Lincoln Grammar
School, at a wlary of $1200 per year each
Resolved. That the services of Miss i M -M'che
n»r being no longrer required In the Poin«»"'e
High School that she be and la hereby dis
missed. , ,
The salaries of teachers of commercial
arithmetic of the commercial classes In
Lincoln Grammar School were tixed at
5100 per month each, and those of assist
ant teachers at $75. The salary of th«
head of the business department was TLxea
at $153 per month. The equipment of the
Business Evening School haa been re
moved to the Lincoln School, where pupils
desiring a commercial course In the even-
Ing school must report after July J).
Miss Rosa Murdoch was appointed as
sistant In the art department of the Poly
technic High School at a salary of $.a a
month. The study of Spanish has been
discontinued in the Humboldr Evening
School, and Mrs. C K. Martinez, who
has been teaching it. was dismissed from
the department. It was decided that Mra.
A. M. Ilagarty. principal of the Monroe
Primary School, be required to teach a
class, and that Miss C. Herrlck be con
solidated from that school, the change
to take effect August 1. Mrs. H. Grace
was transferred from the Spring \ alley
Kveninff School to the Kumboldt Evening
School, iliss Hattie B. Steel* was as
signed to Redding School, at the request
of the principal.
The following resolution adopted by tno
beard will likely make trouble:
Whereas. The salary srhedul<} of the year end
ing June 30. 1301. provides for only one vice
principal in rrammar Fchoola; be it
Resolved. That the following persons (by re
qu<Mt of principal) b«" continue.l as vice prin
cipals In the following pch«ols»: Miss A. J.
Oa-k Hearst Grammar School; L. M. Shuck.
A.!ams Grammar School; S. S. Sturges. John
Bwctt Grammar School.
There were two vice principals In each
of th« schools named, so that H may b«
readily seen that three vice principals
must "be degraded to the rank of class
teachers. In this Instance It happens that
the ladies turned down are among th<»
best employes of the board, and they mny
decide to test the legality of the board's
action. They are Miss CVLoughlen. Mr3.
C B. Bigei/w and Miss K. F. McColgan.
The following was added to the resolu
tions of June 20 relating to the granting
of special certificates:
Reyclved. That teachers holJInur regrular High
School or srammar erade certificates shall not
be iequired to hold a special certificate In th«
above named subjects and shall he entitled tr>
teach any subject prescribed In the course of
Ftudv in schools of prade** corresponding tr>
the irracies of such certiflcates, provWIn? that
satisfactory proof is presented to tho Board of
Kducatlcn that the teacher In competent to
teach t v -e above named subjects.
The board took under advisement a
resolution presented by Superintendent
Webster directing the secretary to draw
demands on the school fund in favor of
teachers and janitors employed in the de
partment during November. lSf>3, for 15 per
cent of their compensation durinj? that
month, these demands to be paid from
funds recently coming Into the possession
of the department on account of the col
lateral inheritance tax accumulating prior
to July 1.
The sum of $3000 was appropriated for
the purchase of supplementary readers
and school library book?. ¦
OLD LONGFELLOW
PRIMARY SCHOOL
ORDERED CLOSED
certain hospitality. He maintains big houses and
gives entertainments that are a nine days' talk for the
idle set in which he lives. It is his privilege to be as
exclusive as he pleases in the company he invites; and
if any uninvited guest wish for a dinner or a- concert
the way is open to him— let him go and get one for
himself.
It is noteworthy that while the European Cabinets
are raising the issue of good faith against him and lm
Government they are quarreling among themselves
over the control of the railway and as to which shall
have a monopoly of the tugboat service on the rivers.
We do not at all subscribe to the Continental
opinion. We believe that Li Hung Chang is acting
in good faith in the advice he has given the powers.
He has too much at stake to do otherwise.
The most superficial outside observer nuistvcc that
if the foreign legation.- in Peking are still undestroyed
and the legationers alive, an invading movement in
that direction for the purpose cherished by the Con
tinental powers will mean certain slaughter. If the
world desire the relief of the legationers. the cour.-e
of the President offers the only possible hope. The
advance on Peking, with all the forces that the allied
powers can muster, must of necessity be slow, and
long before the armies face the moment of actual as
sault the Government will be powerless to extend
any protection, and from what other source can it
come?
The Continental press has belched a storm of mis
construction and abuse upon the President, and ac
cuses this country of following the lead of China,
even going to the fantastic extent of declaring that
McKinley desires to curry favor with the Chinese in
America! This proves what we have already said, that
many of the Continental Governments are^avcrse to a
peaceful solution. They look upon the murders and
outrages incident to this rebellion as merely a pre
text, too useful and valuable to be neglected as an ex
cuse for the partition of China. - They resent the wi«c
course of the President because it may placate the
Hundreds of millions of Chinese and suddenly change
the whole issue from land-grabbing to a diplomatic
settlement, which will leave Chinese territory intact
and her polity undisturbed.
There is a conspicuous contrast between the firm
but wise and just course of the President of the
United States and that believed to be taken by Rus
sia. The Government of the Czar is suspected of just
such an independent movement upon China as will
produce the worst results, increase the fury of the
rebellious Chinese and the difficulties of their Gov
ernment, and at the same time heighten the friction
between the European Cabinets and extend it, of
course, to their representatives and military forces
upon the scene of action.
1 7 HILE Germany and the nations whose greed
\A / for Chinese territory has been one cause of
\ * the situation do not like it, every thinking man
in the world will commend the tone, phrase and pur
pose of President McKinley's answer to the Emperor
of China. By all such it is recognized as an atti
tude which, taken in the beginning by a cordial con
cert of the Western powers, would have minimized
the affliction which has rioted for the last six weeks.
This country has no territorial designs and no desire
to acutely change the internal polity of China. It
recognizes the straits of a Government confronted by
a vast and sudden rebellion, and the President en
courages China to quell the disturbance, restore or
der and perform her international obligations. Other
nations have had such troubles, and they are not re
mote in point of time. In the uprising of the com
mune in Paris, following the Franco-Prussian war, a
Catholic Archbishop and members of his clergy and
ecclesiastical establishment were first held as hostages
?nd then slaughtered with as little compunction as
the Boxers have shown. Because this was done in
the interregnum between the dechcance and the re
public, no other nation felt called upon to partition
France, though a high ecclesiastic and officers of the
Christian church had been murdered.
ThjE PRESIDENT'S ANSWER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THTJRSDAT, JULY 26, 1900.
6
AUCTION SAUES.
By Fullivan & Doyle— Saturday. July f«, at 11 o'clock,
Hr.rsw. Hacks. H»rnf»s, etc., at I'nivcrsity iStaliI<*=. I'aio Alto.
AH lovers of the delicacies of the table use
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters to secure a good
direction.
Fruit is principally valuable for its salts
and free acids, required by the system at
all times, but more especially when the
weather Is warm. Fruits, owing to these,
cool and purify the blood and krep the
entire alimentary canal in healthy con-
dition.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery Bt. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. place fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend's. •
California— "Rush City."
Tlvoli— "Wars."
Alcazar— "The Country Girl."
Columbia— '-Hie Kxcellency. the Governor."
Orpheurn— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "The Great Ruby."
Olyrcpia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fiechor'f— Vaudeville.
t?utro Bttte— Opea nights.
I ; r
i
THE SUNDAY CALL
LEADS THEM ALL.
| [/ Next \ /Next \J
A V.
i
! The Order of The Chinese
Alaskan Moose. Emperors.
The Latest Sicret Society and Its Most Intensely Interesting Pictures
furious Ceremonies. Ever Published.
i ;
i
What Our Troops Shooting Niagara
Need in the Orient. Falls Whirlpool.
By General Sternberg, Surgion* Experiences of Peter NUsen in His
j* General of the Un-ted States Wonderful Trip Thraugh the
Army. * Kacids.
Exciting Experience of Twj Woman Works as Carpsnter
Girls in the Latin Quarier. to Support Her Sick Husband*
Fashion's Parade Book Reviews
in the Park. By B. G. Lathrop.
SEE THE GREAT COMIC SECTION SEE THE GREAT COMIC SECTION
! IflUTi I in I n I [
. ' ' I _ _ , mmlr rmm !
AMUSKLiZNTS.J. Steir.bergpr of the firm of Stdnber
rer & Kaliacher complained to Chief Sul
livan yesterday of the treatment to -which
one of his clerks, Edward H. Sengstack.
was subjected in the City Prison. Seng
stack, while riding a bicyole on Market
street, collided with a young Blrl. He was
arrested by Policeman P. Sullivan, not
withstanding the statement of the girl
that she was to blame. At the City Prison
Sengstack wanted to Inform hls» employers
of his arrest, but claims he was denied
the privilege.
Prison Officials Criticized.
CORONATION . CHAIR. WEST
MINSTER ABBiST.
centralization of art. During that turbu
lent thousand years known as the dark
ages a home was furnished solely with a
view to defense or change of location, and
rudest simplicity was consequently the
dominant note. The reclining position at
table was abandoned as not consonant
with the alertness of the warrior, and
guests sat henceforth on chests or
benches. In time each diner had a bertch
to himself, which by the addition of back
and arms became the primitive chair.
An interesting relic of early historic
furnishings is the chair of St.
CHAIR OF ST. PETER, ROME.
Peter at Rome. It Is said originally to
have formed part of the furniture of the
Senator Pudens, who upon his conversion
to Christianity gave his house In Rome to
the church as a site for the Church of
St. Pudenziana. The chair which he gave
David Cullen Slashed With a Knife
by William P. Cassidy, Who
Is Hurt Badly.
There was a lively row at the residence
of David Cullen, at 143 Minna street, last
night. Cuilen and his wife were enter
taining a friend named William P. Cas
j=idy, when a dispute arose over the pres
ent trouble with China.
Losing his temper, Cassidy drew a knife
and plashed Cullen across the cheek and
nose. Picking up a stove lid Cullen threw
It at his assailant, striking: him on the
head and inflicting an ugly wound.
Both men were taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where their wounds were
dressed, after which they were locked up.
Cassidy for assault with a deadly weapon
and Cullen for drunkenness.
Cassidy was only released from the
House of Correction a short time ago,
where he served six months for assault
ing a man with a club.
WAR IN CHINA LEADS
TO A CUTTING SCRAPE
who is designing systems of Irrigation for
the various colonies whose Inspection 13
the main object of Booth-Tucker's pre
sent tour. The party came direct from
the Amity Colony In Colorado.
The Commander was met at the Santa
Fe depot by Colonel Richard Evans and
Colonel William Evans of Oakland. Major
George Reid of Lcs Angeles. Staff Cap
tain Connet. Major Milsap*. and Major
Dunham of Sacramento. As the ferry
boat steamed into the slip the delegation
lined up on the apron ana raised a "Wel
come" shout, and the band struck up a
lively air.
The Commander proceeded to East Oak
land, where he will be the guest of Colo
nel Evans at 1637 Eighth avenue.
"This is my fourth annual visit to San
Francisco," said Commander Booth. "My
chief object this time is to set the new
colony at Soledad. Monterey County, on
Its feet. Mr. Pargiter will go down there
with me next week and we intend to
spend some days there. The new colony
and our other older communities will b«
formed Into a company with a capital of
$300,000. I found the colony at Amity. In
Colorado. In a very flourishing state."
Commander Booth-Tucker will speak
to-night in the Metropolitan Temple on
the Salvatfcn Colonies. The speaker will
be introduced by Bishon Nichols. Next
Sunday a big service will be held at San
Quentin Prison. v-
Commander of the Salvation Army
in America Arrives From tha
East.
Commander Booth-Tucker of the Sarva
tlon Army arrived In the city last night
at 6 o'clock. He was accompanied by hl3
secretary. Staff Captain Wright. Mrs.
Colonel Hlgging of Portland, Ore., who
has charge of the Pacific Coast rescue
work. Joseph McFee of New York and
C. \V. Pareiter. an eneineer from India.
BOOTH-TUCKER HERE ON
A TOUR OF INSPECTION
DETROIT, July 25.— Results at "Windsor:
Six furlongs— Innovator won. Dousterswivel
second. Prince Plenty third. Time. 1:22.
Four furlongs — Miss Aubrey won. Helen Gra
ham second, Tecoco third. Time, :53.
One and a sixteenth miles— Zoroaster won,
Mayelle second, Ennomia third. Time, 1:57*4.
One and a half miles— Bentley B won, John
Gammage second. Abergate third. Time. 2:50.
Seven and a half furlongs— Belle of the Glen
won, Insurrection second, Blenheim third.
Time. 1:43.
Seven and a half furlongs — Handlcapper won,
Zonne second. Banished third. Time, 1:43.
CHICAGO, July 25.— Results at Haw
thorne. Weather rainy; track heavy:
Five furlongs— Icon won. Woodstick second,
Galanthua third. Time. l:06?i.
Six furlongs?— Hermoso won, . Pupil second.
Pay the Fiddler third. Time, l:19Vi.
Five furlongs — Dandy Jim won. Sannaaaro
gpcond, Jiminez third. Time, 1:06.
One mile— Annowan won. Hold Up second,
Intriguer third. Time. 1:51.
One mile — Prince Blazes won. Walkenshaw
second. Frangible third. Time. 1:4?H.
"bne mile— Alahoa won, The Unknown second,
Greenock third. Time. 1:51. Norford finished
second, but waa disqualified for fouling.
NEW YORK, July 23.— The chief event
in to-day's racing at Brighton Beach was
the Islip stakes, in which eight were down
to^ro, but all but Skyscraper were afraid
of Ethelbert and Imp and declined the
issue. Imp cut out the pace, joined by
Skyscraper at the lower turn, and they
ran like a team up the backstretch. At
this point Ethelbert came on with a rush
and in a sixteenth of a mile was a half
dozen lengths in front. He won easily,
pulled up. Imp is certainly out of con
dition and staggered in third, two lengths
behind Skyscraper. Results:
Five furlongs— Walter won, Alsora second.
Dame third. Time. 1:02%.
Six furlongs — Baron Pepper won. Dr. Barlow
second, Fair Rosamond third. Time, 1:15.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling—Presti
digitator won. Hansbrough second. Wax Taper
third. Time. 1:47 3-5.
Islip, one mile— Ethelbert won, .Skyscraper
second Imp third. Time, 1:40.
Five furlongs— Marothen won, Salamis second,
Balloon third. Time. 1:01 4-5.
Six furlongs. Felling— Gibraltar won. Gonfalon
second. His Royal Highness third. Time,
1:13 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs — George W. Jenkins
wen Robert Jr. second, Eva's Darling third.
Time, !:0<5>A.
One and a quarter miles, purse — Judge Sted
man won, Koenig second, Gilbert third. Time,
2:16Vi.
Plx and a half furlongs, purse— Kindred won,
fam Lazarus Becond, Aunt Maggie third.
Tirrte. 1:25%.
Six and a half furlongs, purse — Will Fay
v.-on, El Ghor second, Duty third. Time, 1:2S'4.
Handicap, six furlongs— Ohnet won, Dave
Waldo second. . Eleanor Holmes third. Time,
Six Rnd a half furlongs— Banish won. Apple
jack second, Henry of Frantzamer third. Time,
l:25',i.
ST. LOUIS, July 25. — Judge Stedman was
made the medium of a big killing in the
ring in the first event to-day, being backed
from 30 to 8 to 1 by the owner and his
cohorts. Owing to the horse's inconsist
ent running the stable was. suspended
pending investigation of to-day's perform
ance. Will Fay. against whose chances
one or two books gave odds of 100 to 1,
beat El Ghor, the favorite, by a neck in
an exciting finish. Track heavy. Results:
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
American League Games.
KANSAS CITY. July 25.— Kansas City 4. In
dianapolis 5.
MILWAUKEE, July 25.— Milwaukee 2, Buf-
VhiCAGO July 25.— Chicago 3. Cleveland 2.
MINNEAPOLIS, July 25.— Detroit 0, Minne
apolis 2.
BOSTON, July 25.— To-day's came was in
terrupted three times by rain. The game was
called in the sixth inning on account of dark
ness. Attendance, 2500, Score: •
Clubs _ R. H. E.
Boston ' « J6 l
St. Louis. 5 12 5
Batteries— Klchols and Clements; Rugby.
Weyhlng and Robinson. Umpire, Hurst.
XKW YORK, July 25. — Pittsburpr proved to
be* the best mud performers at the polo
grounds this afternoon, winning easily. At
tendance, SCO. Score:
Clubs— R- «• E.
PittEbunr ii i* 2
New York 3 6 4
Batteries — <*iefibro and Schriver: Mattheson,
Mercer and Bowerman. Umpire. Emslie.
PHILADELPHIA, July 25.— Arlie Latham
was to-day signed by Cincinnati as utility man
and coach. Although Cincinnati played a good
srame to-day Philadelphia's was bo far su
perior that in many casea the visitors were
made to appear ridiculous. Attendance, 3105.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 9 3
Philadelphia 13 21 0
Batteries— Scott, Phillips and Peltz; Fraser
and Douglass. Umpire, Terry.
BROOKLYN', July 2.". — The frame to-day was
glow and uninterestir.gr. Attendance, 1200.
Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
OhicaKO 2 8 4
Brooklyn « 6 1
Batteries— Taylor, Chance and Dexter; Ken
nedy and Farrell. Umpire, CTDay.
EASTERN BASEBALL.
2:Ki pacing. ?n f X v — Country Girl won second,
third and teuith licit)!. Time— 2:12^, 2:U'i.
SrlC 3 *. J'artitii'le won first heat In 2:12*4 and
was second, lilack Heart third. I3aby Bloss,
Shrimps and Admiral Dewey also started.
2:4<1 trot, jiurse JGOO— Mabtl Onward won sec
ond, third and fourth heats. Time— 2:16V 2 , 2:r>',i,
2:18. A<3miral wen first heat in 2:17>,i and was
second. Mayor .Swift third. Prince of Darkness,
Joj" Maker, Breezeland and Ked CafTery a.lso
started.
2:3Ti pace, purse $f>00— Garnetto won in straight
heats. Time— 2:16U, 2:11. 2:ir,. Joe Wheeler sec
ond. Phelah third. Alice Gray, Lady Amber,
I'luinlir.e end Cora Delphi also started.
DES MOIXES, la.. July 25.— The open
ing day of the great Western circuit races
on the Des Moines track was character
ized by pleasant weather, good attendance
and uniformly fast time. Results:
— : — -•
"Western Circuit Opens.
NEW YORK, July 23.— Tho American
cyclists who are to take part in the inter
national cycling contests at Paris next
month sailed on the American liner St.
Louis. In the party are Tom Cooper of
Detroit. Floyd McFarland, San Jose.
Cal., and O. A. Stevens of Ottumwa, la.,
who comprise the professionals; John
Lake of Port Richmond, S. I., champion
amateur: "Doc" Morrow, trainer, and R.
A. Moonoy, manager. The present pro
srammo is that after comrx'ting' at the
i-xposition they will go to Germany, Italy
and other places favorable to racing.
They will sail through the Suez canal to
Australia, arriving there about- the last
of February. They will return to this
country by way of San Francisco.
American Cyclists Sail.
After .the fall of Rome the country be
came a prey to hordes of barbarians, who
caused the emifrration of skilled artisans
and thus gradually brought about the de-
CHAIR WITH CAPTTVES AS
SUPPORTS.
Oriental and redundant or
namentation, yet it nevertheless brought
about a mere comfortable order of
things. A very popular chair among the
Romans, from the earliest times down
to the days of modern Italv, was the
"curule" chair, shaped like the letter X.
and so named because in its lighter forms
it could be easily folded and carried into
the curules or chariots. It was also taken
about for outdoor use and at the theater,
prototype of the medieval fold stool and
the plebeian camp-stool of to-day. In Its
handsomest forms for magisterial use It
was frequently made of elephants" tusks
or precious metals, with ivory feet, white
the imposing curule-shaped chairs of
state were oftentimes carved of marble,
with sphinxes for the arms.
Basco and Rice and Conradi'a 11-rtng
statuary are the Olympiads attractions
for the week.
"Amateurs" night" Cannon, the fat man.
and a vaudeville show, are this evening'*
entertainment at the Chutes and zoo.
Mae Tunison. soprano. John E. Nichols.
tenor. Deets and Don. are offering an en
tertaining programme this week at Fis
cher's Concert House.
The. Orpheum's excellent bin Includes
Jessie Padgham. a new California singer;
the favorites, Lillian Burkhart and Etta
Butler. Mazie King, Sullivan and Webber,
the Meeker-Baker trio, Williamson and
Stone, and Donahue and Nichols.
Florence Roberts in "The Country Girl"
Is drawing good houses at the Alcazar
Theater this week. "Romeo and Juliet"
will be presented next week.
Sunday evening next "Wang" •will con
clude the comic opera season at the Tiv
oli Opera-house. "Aida." tue Verdi fav
orite, has been chosen to open the grand
opera season, with Salassa. Avedano. Nic
ollni. Schuster. Anna Llchter and Fran
cis Graham in the cast. "Alda" will al
ternate with "Lucia," Russo, Repetto,
Ferrari and Schuster in the cast.
"Rush City" is the week's bill at the
California Theater, with Dunne & Ry
ley's company. .-latthews and Bulger,
Tony Hart. Phil H. Ryley, Norma Whal
ley. Mary Marble and most of the clever
company appear. Next Sunday evening
"By the Sad Tea Waves" will be given.
The new Frawieys will continue their
production of "The Great Ruby" at the
Grand Opera-house until the coming
Monday evenlnp for which the entlr©
house has been sold to the V/oodmen of
the World. On Tuesday evening. "The
Red Lamp" will be presented, with WI1
ton Lackaye and Keith Wakeman in tne
leading roles.
The second of the Burton Holies lec
tures, with "Japan Revisited" for sub
ject, will be given this afternoon at the
Columbia Theater. A novelty among the
fine illustrations of the lecture will be a
colored motion picture.
. | IS Excellency, the Governor." given
IJ by the Henry Miller company at the
fl Columbia Theater. Is proving a most
I successful production. '"It i3 to
' laugh." and a night <>f morf- whole
some merriment than is furnished by thi3
amusing romance it were difficult to im
agine. Next Monday evening "Brother
Officers'" will be presented, with Henry
Miller as Lieutenant John Hinds.
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
to St. Peter became th«* throne of the seej
was kept in the old Basilica of St. Peter's:
was moved about from place to place, and
is now in the present Church of St. Pe
ter's. The chair is square in shape, reads
of wood overlaid with carvwl ivory work
and gold, and the back is bound with iron.
Its height leads to the inference that
there must have been a footrest before it.
The gold decoration is of the finest, and
the exquisitely tarvrd ivory fjr^ups repre
senting eighteen scenes from th<* gospels,
together with the tiny ivory figures on
the outer sides, form a unique monument
to the taste and technical ability of that
period. Unfortunately, however. It Is now
entirely hidden by the covering of bronze
from the Pantheon made for it in 1667 by
Bernini.
Little is known of the furnishings of
Anglo-Saxon England except that the>
were rude and simple until after the Nor
man invasion. Readers of "Ivanhoe" may
recall the hall of Cedric the Saxon, hung
with implements of war and the cha.se.
Seats without backs, stools or benches
were the chief furnishings of the lower
end of the hall, while the dais, th«» raised
floor at the upper end. was more com
fortably arranged for the convenience of
the master and mistress of the house ajid
visitors of distinction. The walls were
here, covered with hangings, the floor with
a gaudy carpet and the table with a scar
let cloth. The massive carved chairs oc
cupied by the dignitaries were covered
with a canopy of cloth as a protection
from the rain, which frequently leaked
through the badly constructed roof. At
the end of the fourteenth century these
canopies were made more effectual by
carving them from the wood of which th»
body of the chair was composed— oak or
chestnut— sometimes gilded or picked out
in color after the manner of the old "cas
sone-fronts." As these throneliVe affairs
were too cumbersome, for ordinary u?e
they were abandoned toward the end of
the fifteenth century and stools were th&
portable seats until the sixteenth cen
tury, when somewhat smaller, less bulky
chaJrs were introduced.
Note— This study will be concluded next
Thursday.
Early Greek furniture was a frank copy
of Egyptian and Asiatic models, with less
of animal form and more of foliation In
decorative motives. AVhile the Greeks at
tained the perfection of style, it was the
Romans who introduced the more lux
uriant and inviting forms cf furniture.
With the Greek, the individual and his
possessions were subordinated to the use
of the State. We therefore find the
Athenian temples and public buildings
adorned with the best that the wealth
of the state could supply, while the home
was but meagerly equipped with tables
and chairs designed upon the basis of a
rigid adherence to purely classic prin
ciples. The luxurious Roman household,
on the contrary, evinced a distinct degra
dation of the canons of taste, modified by
The wonderfully dry climate of Egypt
has preserved for us specimens of antique
furniture whose designs are constantly
reproduced in our own day. The modern
housewife who furnishes her apartments
with a seat like the one in the illustra
tion, under the Impression that It is of
comparatively recent design will be sur
prised to learn that the original of the
picture is an ebony seat inlaid with ivory
now In the British museum, and is at
least 3000 years old. Doubtless the mater
ials of its construction, combined with
the preservative nature of the climate,
had much to do with its long life. Parts
of animals, bulls' hoofs, lions' feet and
leopard's tails, formed the supports or
ornamentation of nearly all Oriental
furniture decorations, and not infrequent
ly human figures were represented in the
degrading position of captives supporting
the victor's throne.
Like the table, the chair was in peneral
use among the nations of antiquity. It
seems strange that an article of furniture
so well known to Egyptians, Assyrians.
Greeks, Etruscans and Romans should
have fallen Into disuse during the medi
eval period; yet such waa its fate, and
it crept back so slowly through curious
modifications of other furnishings that it
was not again common in the houses of
the people before the days of Cromwell.
BY MARGARET AIXSL.EE
/ IV.
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOTOE FURNISHING.
Copyright, 190O, by Seymour Eaton.
ETTA Ml'NSELL.
JENMK JirXSELU
GRACE PETERSON.
The injured: Viola Ritter and B. I.
Waller.
Two unknown women were cut by fall
ing Klass.
There were twenty-five girls working in
the Windsor Collar Company when, with
out warning, the explosion occurred.
Mowing the glass of the front windows
clear arrows Dearborn street.
A sheet of Mains followed instantly and
the terror-stricken girls, with tUeir cloth
ing: licked by the flames, crawlefl through
the windows to the fifteen-inch coping
Fanning along the' front of the building.
The eopinp extended eisrhty feet to the
Lichsteni Tailoring Company's building,
the windows of which were thronged with
men shouting encouragement to the tcrri
l!f<3 girls. As fast as they reached the
I.iohstern windows the girls were drawn
to safety. Mrs. McLau.«lijin was about to
be drawn through the window. .The girl
behind her. in her haste, pushed Mrs. Mc-
I^auphlin. who lost her balance and fell
to tho ground, dying instantly. The Jlun
sell pirls jumped from rear windows. One
was picked up dead and the other died at
the hospital.
MRS. ELLEN McLAUGHLIN
to-day an explosion occurred in the chem
ical department of the Windsor Celluloid
Cullar Company, on the fourth floor of 12T>
Dearborn street, petting lire to the build
ing and resulting in the death of four wo
men and minor injuries to five other per
sons. The property loss is estimated at
S^VK), partially Insured. The dead:
Majority of the Employes Escape by
Crawling Through a Window
and Climbing: Along a
Narrow Coping.
«.
CHICAGO. July 2-1— Shortly before noon
Windsor Celluloid Collar
Company's Mill
Destroyed.
FOUR GIRLS
KILLED IN A
FACTORY FIRE
Runninc. one mile dash, purse $200 — Fllle
d'Or won. Ix>mo second, March Seven third.
Time. 1:43. Sea Spray, Don Luis, McFarland
and Whitcomb also ran.
The five-eighths mile dash, purse $150, was
won by Ojal.
McXally, b. g. (S. H. Hoy) 45d
Time— 2:16^, 2:19, 2:16, 2.19.
Trotting:. 2:17 class, three In five, purse $600:
IMamont. b. g. (.William Hoffoboom) 1111
Pysche. ch. m. (C. O. Jeffries) 2 4 12
Sable Francis (James Sullivan) 323 3
Miss Barnt.bee. b. m. <\V. G. Durfee).. 5 3 4 d
Key Direct Easily Captures the Pac
ing Stake.
COLUSA. July 23.— There was a good
sized crowd at the track this afternoon
and the weather was perfect. Promptly
at 2:30 the judges called the pacing match
of one mile, best three in five, purse $1000.
Jack Dinn, the starter, got them under
way easily, with Rey Direct leading, who
passed the quarter in :35, the three
quarters in l:40 ! -2, ending the heat in
2:17%. Pr>ols sold 10 to 7 in favor of Rey
Direct. In the second heat Rey Direct
took the lead again, closely followed by
Queen D. The latter lost her feet, and
the horse came under the wire in 2:18?i.
Rey Direct also took the lead In the third
heat, and won the heat and the race,
2:17»i. Results:
Pacing-. 2:3) class, three in five, purse $100):
Rey IMrect. blk. h., by Direct (,E. Parker) 111
Doe Wilkes.'jb. k 33 2
Irvinston Hoy, ch. g. (W. M. Cecil) 5 2 3
Queen R. b. m. (P. W. Hodges) 65 4
Bob. b. g. tWjlliam Brown) 2 4a
Harry J. b. g. (Wheeler) 4d
Ray I?, ch. m. (.William Hogoboom) d
Time-2 : 17, 2: IS. 2:1714.
RACES AT COLTJSA.
Lot D. Slocum was one of the most
popular and best known horsemen on the
Pacific Coast. For several decades he
was a noteworthy figure among the park
drivers. He was the proprietor of the
Slocum stables on Sutter street between
Hyde and Leavenworth, which he con
ducted personally until recent years.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
morning from the family residence. Mr.
Slocum leaves a wife and a son, Harry
B. Slocum.
- - ?
Went to That City to Attend the
¦Baces and Was in Good Health
Just Before the Fatal
Stroke.
COLUSA, July 25.— Lot D. Slocum, the
well-known liveryman of San Francisco,
diod suddenly at hi s> lodging-house last
night. He had been attending the races
all day, and one of his horses, Teddy, won
second money in one of yesterday's prin
cipal events, llr. Slocum ate a very
hearty supper when he came from the
track and seemed to be in his usual good
health up to the time he went to bed, but
a very short time afterward he called one
of his friends, saying he was in awful
misery, and asking him to go for a doc
tor.
Dr. Luman was soon at his bedside and
relieved him for a short time, but another
attack came on and Slocum died almost
before those near him could realize his
extremity. The doctor says his death was
caused by heart trouble, but as a Coro
ner's inquest was waived, the exact cause
could not be learned. His remains were
shipped to San Francisco to-dav.
Well-Known Horseman Sud
denly Stricken and Dies
at Colusa.
LOT D. SLOW
IS A VICTIM
OF APOPLEXY
On Saturday the coursing train •will
leave Third and Townsend streets at 10:15
a. m. On Sunday there will be four trains
—10:15 and 11 a. m.. 12 M. and 1 p. m. The
entire champion stake will be decided on
Sunday.
D. Dillon's Europa vs. Russell. Wilson &
Allen's Miss TVUeon; W. C. Glasson's Sleigh
Bella vs. T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee; L. F.
Bartel's Beer Brewer vs. G. Nethercott's
Floodgate; 8. Handy' s Twin City Girl vs. F.
Schou's Kings Border: E. M. Kellogg's Sweet
Kmroa vs. L>. Toland's Pleasant Girl: T. J.
Mclnerney's Johnnie R \"s. W. C. Glaeson's
Lady Sears; James Byrne's Eleven Spot vs.
D. Shannon's Safeguard; A. Johnson's Tod
vs. J. Sheridan's Forest Queen; Russell,
Wilson & Allen's Master Clair vs. J. II.
Periga's Uohe; P. Reilly's Master Mac vs. B.
Sllva's Re Annex; O'Shea Bros.' Golden Gate
vs. Connell Bros.' St. Helen; J. R. Smith's
Jennie Wilson vs. J. J. Edward's Go On; E.
Geary's America vs. Lowe & Thompson's Lit
tle Fullerton; Russell, Wilson & Allen's Lady
Emma vs. T. J. Cronin'g Thornhill: Russell,
Wilson & Allen's Rosa Clair vs. Curtis & Son's
Anchor: Captain Cane's Hiss Penman vs. R.
E. de B. Lopez & Son's Pepita; C. Bonner's
Wild Nora vs. P. M. Clarkson's Headwater;
Aeneld Kennel's Agamemnon vs. H. L-ynch's
Lottie M; P. J. Reilly's Ploughboy vs. J. But
ton's Glen Anne: Curtis & Son's Vulcan vs.
W. C. Glasson's Santonen; Russell, Wilson &
Allen's liable vs. H. Lynch's Lexington; R. P.
Julien'B Sweet Music vs. H. A. Deckelman's
Laurence; T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy Rex vs. J.
Martinett's-SUm; J. L. Ross' J L R vs. Lowe
& Thompson's Scotch Reel; G. Parkinson's
Ben Lomond vs. Sterle & Knowle's O'Hara;
G. W. Heintz's High Jinks vs. A. L. Austin's
Firm Fo«; Captain Cane's Master Davenport
vs. R. B. de B. Lopez & Son's Wanda; H. A.
Deckelman's Snapshot vs. T. 'J. Fallon's Lily
of the West; J. Byrnes' Olympus vs. J. Mor
iarty's Jimmie Anthony; P. Brophy's Benicia
Bov vs. C B. Charlesworth's Crawford Braes;
Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas vs. J. R. Smith's Vic
tor Queen; D. Winder's Random Aim vs. T. J.
Mcllugh's Moss Rose: James Dean's Gallant
vs. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist; James Sheri
dan's Forest Ktnjj vs. J. J. Edmonds' Morning
Glory; Curtis & Son's Candelaria vs. Walsh &
Heenan's Sacramento Boy; P. M. Clarkson's
Flower of Gold vs. J. Sutton's Master Law
rence; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Sara vs.
George Whitney's Theron: P. McCabe'a Craig
Boy vs. R. L. Taylor's Mose; Connell Bros.'
Sweep vs. F. McComb's Little Sister: Sterl &
Knowles' Ollta vs. J. Carroll's Auckland; J.
Potter's Remus vs. George Sharman's Wait a
Bit; D. Union's Dewdrop vs. J. H. Perieo's
Controller; J. P. Thrift's Forget vs. Kay Bros.'
Hawker; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs. J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael; Russell. Wilson & Allen's
Sea Breeze vs. Sullivan & Tralnor's Castle
Island Boy: Maher & Reid's Bad Boy vs. T.
J. McHugh's Maid of the Mill; P. McCabe's
Fair Lily vs. E. M. Kellogg' s Kid McCoy; L.
F. Bartels" Best Bargain vs. D. Winder's Risky
Attempt.
Q'Shea Bros.' Golden Rule vs. Curtis & Sons'
Beacon; R. K. de D. Lopez & Son's Whitehead
vs. K. Geary's Ireland; Lowe & Thompson's
Flora McDonald vs. J. Potter's Palmflower; J.
R. Smith's Sylvaftus vs. F. A. 4 McComb's Sir
Pasha; J. Morlarity's Snapper Garrison vs.
CaDtain Kane's Greenhall; Sterl & Knowles'
For Ulory vs. Curtis & Sons' Luxor; Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Spiteful vs. T. Tierney's Tea
Hose; K. Geary's Palo Alto vs. P. J. ileilly's
Warship.
The draw for the open stake, ninety-six
entries:
The prizes in the champions' stake will
be $200, $100, two at 500 and four at $20. In
the open stake the prizes will be »12>, $75,
$50, three at $40, six at $30, twelve at $20,
twenty-four at $10. Total prizes in both
stakes, $1510 and $4S0 in the championship
and $1030 in the open.
The draw for the champion stake, six
teen entries:
The champion stake is just what It i3
called. Sixteen dogs, all champions, will
course for handsome prizes. Among them
are the very best that Pacific Coast ken
nels contain. The competition •will be
consequently intense. In the open stake
the greyhounds also possess reputations
for many victories. Altogether tho court
ing will be exceptional.
The draws for the champion and open
stakes which will be run at t"he new San
Mateo Coursing Park on Saturday anih-
Sunday next under the auspices of the
Ingleslde Coursing Association were held
last night at Pythian Hall. The inaugu
ration of the park promises to furnish
sport of the highest quality, and the two
days* meeting should be an event in the
coursing history of the coast.
Champion and Open Stakes to Be Run
by the Ingleside Association Sat- "
urday and Sunday "Will
Be Sensational.
Draws of the Big Inaugural
Events Promise Great
Sport.
CHAMPION DOGS
WILL OPEN THE
SAN MATEO PARK
Lieutenant Martin and" posse last night
raided a "bucket shop" on Ellis street.
near Stockton, and arrested M. Burke, A.
Pritchard and H. Muller. They were re
leased on cash bail furnished by W. D.
Valentine, the proprietor of the place.
Raided a "Bucket Shop."
After considerable trouble a jury was
finally selected in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday to try the case of Joseph Peck
erman, charged with selling pools on a
prize fight in violation of a city ordinance.
The trial will commence at 2 o'clock this
afternoon.
As soon as Chief Sullivan -and Captain
Seymour were served with the papers the
Chief Instructed Secretary Cadwalader
to call a meeting of the Police Commis
sioners to discuss the situation with him.
They were all present at 5 o'clock with
tho exception of Commissioner Wallace,
and as he waa unable to come it was de
cided to adjourn and meet again this
morning.
The Chief says there is a decision In
the New York courts that upholds the
position he has taken, but to prevent any
trouble he ordered the officers at the va
rious poolrooms not to remain inside the
rooms, but keep on the sidewalk In front
till Judge Shaw renders his decision.
The citation ordering the police officials
to appear an<l show cause why they
should not be punished for contempt of
court was issued on an affidavit filed by
Poolseller Crowley. In his affidavit Crow
ley alleged that on "July 20 Captain John
Spillane and Captain George \V. Wittman,
acting together, willfully and deliberately
and in open ard contumacious defiance
and disobedience of the restraining order
heretofore issued entered into, without the
permission and against the will and ex
pressed protest of the plaintiffs, their sev
eral premises and did on July 21, 22 and 23
intrude upon, disturb, molest and inter
fere with the enjoyment and control of
the premises named.
'•None of these acts so committed by
Chief of Police Sullivan and his subordi
nates," the affidavit continues, "were by
them claimed to be for the purpose of
making the arrest or arrest of persons
who were actually attempting treason,
felony or breach of the peace, nor to ar
rest a person who had committed crime
and had escaped and taken refuge in any
of the premises named."
Following the issuance of the citation
for contempt Attorney George D. Collins,
who represents the poolsellers, filed a
new complaint and application for an
injunction to restrain the police from in
terfering with the poolsellers. In this com
plaint the validity of ordinance 86, bill
119, is attacked. This ordinance prohibits
the selling of pools, bookmaking or the
conduct of any system of registering bets
or wagers and fixes the penalty for vio
lations at a flue of $500 or six months'
imprisonment or both. After setting forth
the facts contained in Crowley's affidavit
it is alleged in the complaint that the or
dinance in question is unconstitutional;
that it is in violation of sections of both
Federal and State constitutions and in
addition conflicts with provisions of the
local charter.
The battle for supremacy between the
police and local poolsellers and book
makers is waxing warm. Chief of Police
Sullivan, Captain Spillane, Captain Sey
mour and Captain Wittman have been
cited by Judge Lucien Shaw, now sitting
in Judgre Murasky's department of the Su
perior Court, to appear in court this af
ternoon at 2 o'clock and show cause, if
such they have, why they should not be
punished for contempt of court. It Is
charged that the police ofllclals are ignor
ing a writ of injunction heretofore issued
lestraining them from interfering with
the conduct of business at the establish
ments of Poolsellers 11. E. Corbett, Henry
Schwartz, Zick Abrams and D. J. Crow
ley.
Commissioners Meet to Discuss the
Turn in Affairs, but Action
Is Postponed Until
To-Day.
Allege That They Ignored
Injunction Issued by
Judge Murasky.
BOOKMAKERS GET
CONTEMPT PAPER
OUT FOR POLICE
THE FURNITURE OF THE HOME: CHAIRS.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JULY 20, 1900.
A million of dollars are scent every year up
on the game of baseball, but large as th!a sum
Is. It cannot begin to equal the amount spent
b>- people In search of health. There Is a sure
method of obtaining: strength, and It Is not a
costly one. We urge those who have spent
much and lost hope to try Hogtetter"s Stomach
Bitters. It strengthens tha stomach, make*
digestion* easy and natural, and cures dyspep
sia, constipation, biliousness, and weak kUU
neyi.
Millions* f or Baseball.
Insurance Premiums Compared.
The Pacific Underwriter, publishes a re
view of the San Francisco premium* of
Insurance companies up to June 30. for
the years 189S. 1S99 -and 1900. The totals
for these periods are, respectively, as fol
lows: 1900. $1413,202; 1S93. $1,117,097; 189S,
?l,635,120.
7
I ' -f 7
j -if J "b/LEL&e Especially for
|/*2-y Hardware.
A'- 0 °\ BOYS', 2\to5\. ..$2.25
I • ° °u\ YOUTHS', "13i to 2 ................. .$2.00
\'° O a Q v LITTLE GENTS', 9 to 13 ........... .$1.75
I" n /i . I ¦ Also a full line of Misses' and Child's. *
1* u 0 o*/ '•
\. (J . '/ Always Toys for Littlo F*ollc.
¦ • /
\ .- •/ • '
738-74O mARKET STREET.
B$& Anita Cream J
/~> /" is not a cos- r
; I6ffl@>& metjetocov^ J
I \^^ up f butarem- 7[
iTlj cdy to cure all Y5
cutaneous af- \
1 f + fections. It p
m^$i//lffi] w *^ draw im- B
J^ 7 &€&/ purities to the
/} g o surface, re- j|
lOiCMl SlnddS- \
\ ' I cplorcd s k i n
i f£ in small dust-
7{ like particles, and promote a ?
; \, new growth of skin as soft J*
and clear as a child's. 4
t All Druggists Sell It,
; v or we will send a full sized a
L jar, together with instruc- I*
• tions, for 50c Information «
4 and sample for 2c postage. p
J$ Anita Cream & Toilet Co., Jf
; Z 207 Franklin St., Los An- fc
3 2<ks, Cal. Z \
CURED.
we Fay "rupture cured" we mean it,
for it Is a fart that during the past 2d years
IjR. PIERCE' .S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CL'KEIj thousands of cases. Nothing else
like it. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate for yourself. Cv^Call for "Book-
I let No. J," or send 2 cents In stamps. Ad-
"magnetic elastic truss go,,
SJ^ll Market St.. San Francisco.
Or J 145 Broadway. New York City.
MANHOOD RESTORED "cupidene."
niHim JUU i.LOIUriLU This great Vegetable
\ italizer. the prescription of a
¦ ... , .1 M _ ,, lamuus French physician, will
1^^ quickly cure you of all ner-
s^ : *3« : £j*'- v '. ous ° r diseasps of the genera-
Afi»3t' Il^a tive cr^ans, su<'h as Lost Man-
s5*-t^ -a <hP* hood. Insomnia, J'ains in the
4pJ2* •** f§Sl Bark. Xen-ous Tjebility. Pim-
fc£>* «&*iSf p Il!eS! - Exhausting Drains. Varj-
V$V\ .Fgt cocele and O.nstiDation. It
V- — n^* Ft'.;>s all lo««-s by day or
nicht. <7u£)i<iPne cioanseji the
' liver, th* kidneys and the urinary organs of all
! impurities. Cupidene strengthens and restores
'¦ small weak ontans.
The reason sufferers are nnt cured by Doctors
i Is beoute 90 per cent are troubled with Prov
i tatitiP. <:u|ildene the only known remedy to
I cure without an operation. C000 testimonials.
! A written puarar.toe given and money re-
| turned if 6 boxes do not effect a permanent
i cure, tl.00 a box. 6 boxes for $5.00. by mail.
1 Send for free circular and testimonials.
AddresF T>avol Medicine Co.. 40 Ellis St., San
Francisco, Cal.. Grant Drug Co.. 3S& 40 Third st.
tTOING F»O CH^V.
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice Of many years in
Oiina. has located in San
Kranclsco. The surprising and
marvelous cures effected by
his herbH demonstrate their
,» P-^tence and his skill. These
! "erbs cure over 400 different
Gi-'VpC^UVV rtiKeasee, Including Bri^hfB
JV^gJ^jftw© I^isease, Diabetes, Consump-
tion. AEthma, ParalyBis,
Hrain. Nerve, Cancer?, Tumors, Blood, J!n;e
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicUJ
! ¦with any kind of malady whatsoever are in-
I vited to call. Office. 727 Washington st. Office.
hours— 9 a. m. to 12 in., 1 to S p. m.; Sundays,
l't a. m. to 12 m. Accept grateful thanks for
effecting a cure of as=tlima of several years'
Ftanding. A. DAl'.LEX, yan Itafael.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
!|K A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1XVIGORA-
•tor and Xervlne.
The n;ott wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Hcxual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Uladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NAI3KR. ALFS & BRDNE. Acents.
K3 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DS. HALL'S REINV!GORATOR|f53Fg§|
Five hundred reward for any |af|ffi
c;iFe tre cannot cure. This secret ¥***
nxat&f stops all losses In 24 hours, S^ ' j
cures Emiwlonj, Impotencj-, Vari- '^tS FiS'S
coccle. CSonorrhoea. Gleet. Ftts. SJf? *f~n
Strictures, LoEt Manhood and all vjv [m,
wasting effects of self-abuse or fX&L—W**
excesses. Smt F»aleci. J2 bnttl"; 3 K*iJB3t«tSJ
bottle*. JS; guaranteed tr> cure any ease. Ad-
dre«« HALL'S MKDICAL INSTITUTE. S55
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for *ale at 1073^
Market st.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for fre* book.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>J|p'^ I PILLS
Positively cured byihesQ
Little Pills.
Theyslso relieve Distress fctja DTcpeptfet
fndigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fcet resafcdy fe>r Dkxiness, Nausea, Drowsl.
ness. Bad Taste to the Clouth, Cc?ted Tcnem
Tain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
P^guiite the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. <
Small PUU Small Dose.
N Sregfl Prices
AHUSEMlEIffTS.
"Walter Moroeeo Role Lessee and Manager
NEW T&lRfov. S=E ¥ PANY
LAST NIGHTS OP
IEIIm \* \ ? *..r fe !. . *L; L5 2
f~cir.ir.er.rirp TUESDAY KVEXIXG NEXT.
"THE RED LAf^P."
PRICKS— Gc f.f.~. 5c. ISC
Saturday Matinee— -50c, 2T<\ l">e, 19c
Branch Ticket Officr. Emporium.
THE ONLY j IN
SHOW TOWN
T71AT RAS FLEALLT MAPK A HIT.
__ MATHEWB & BULGER
And DT3CJ E * RTLET*6 ALL STAR CAST j
J' r ::.• ':.:'::¦." at Tl'is Weft
< NI.V MATINEE SATURDAY.
RUSIi_CITY.
N- - • Punday Night.
revival of the vai*de-
VELLE OPERETTA.
"BY TUK FAD SEA ¦WAVES."
"THE ALLIED FORCES" OF VAUDEVILLE.
tLI.LIVAX A\P WEBBER: MAZIE KING:
WILLIAMSON ANT) BTOJTE: DONAHUE
AM) iCICETOLS; GILBERT AND GOLDI13.
* JESSIE PADCHAM,
LTTA BUTLER,
&n<! last w»ek of Mis=? LILLIAN* BURKHART.
AMERICAN B1OGKAPH.
Showing t'jtt Burning North German Lloyd
Steamers.
tteaervedl ?ca!r-. 23c; Balcony. KV; Opera
<"hairf= anJ K x .-.:'.:s. iOc
Ustlneci -Wednesday, Saturday ami Sunday.
res iilflliiiit^i ;
THIS (Thurs.i AFTERNOON:
ANH A CAIN" ON
BTNDAY rttGHT. EECOND SERIE?.
BURTON" HOLMES LEClUfiES.
Bobtect— ~JAPAS KEVIP1TED."
I
TO-NIGHT FRIDAY NIGHT AND SATUR-
DAY MATCCEE AND NIGHT.
HENRY MILLER
REASOX.
Th« Ta-'-i^zl ilomance Success,
HIS EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR.
V. -. vt Wp<=4:-H»:NRY MILLER an-1 Special
Company in "BHOTHEB OFFICERS."
THE USUAL < ROWDED HOUSE
Z.A>; Xlgtrt '.:: .••-.;. -ffl the Comic Opera,
WANG!
Ever.;r.cs at S. Matinee Eatordajr at 2.
SPECLiL!— I^ext Monday Begins
THH GRAND OPERA SEASON.
SEATS ON SALE SEVEN DAYS AHEAD!
IVpcrt.jire. Firfit \\V».k. "AIDA" and
"LUCIA."
POPULAR PRTT.S VjC and 5(JC
Telfil!itffi« !'u«h S.
Evenings at 8:ia7Taf. Mat. at 2:15. -
FLORENCE ROBERTS,;
Purported fcy WHITE XVHITTLESEY ia the I
Churning Play,
THE _
i
Fj^-cial rrpacf-mer.t THKODORE ROCKRTS.
XEXT '.VKEK-ROMEO AND
CHUTES and ZOOj
EVERY AFTERN'OOX AJCD ETEKINO.
SCENES CF THE GREAT STEAM-
SHIP FIRE IN NEW YORK.
CANNON, TEE FAT MAN.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS IN SPECIALTIES, and a
IADSES' BASKET BALL CONTEST.
Telei-h.ne for f=catp— Park 3.
FISCHER'S CONCERT house.
DEETS AN» DON": MAK TUXIFOX; DAI«T
BISHOP: JAMES E. KICHOLK: VIOLET
J-.iH.vSON: WKSTIX, tbe Man of 100 Fa^es
end NEW MOVING WCTUREE
lIATINLEJ^^NnA^Jtwcrv^d Seati, 2St
SUTRO BATHS
OPSN. XIOHTS.
Cix?n r>«!'y Front < a., m. to 11 p. m.
Hr.thinr rrorB 7 a. m. to 13 p. rn.
Ai)5r:P?i^.N" 3?<-. cuiLonnx. 5e.
r?*Uhirg. Intlutilnc ndmiysl'-n 2:.c. Chiidlrpn. 20c.
\Wly Gall $1.00 BsrYearjWheat— Sept. Dec
Opening 6 1«4 6 1T4
Closing (1 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— July Sept. -Dec.
Opening 19 65 -20 70
Closing 19 70 20 75
Flour
Opening 25 C5 27 00
Closing 25 70 27 10
LIVERPOOL.
; — *•
California Fruit Sales.
I - . . I
* — . : *
LONDON. July 25.— The Earl Fruit Company
eold California fruit to-day at the following
average prices: Pears— Bartlett. two-fifths of
box, $2 1C; Souvenir de Congress.' two-fifths box,
$1 42. Peaches— Crawfords. box, $1 56. Plums—
Eureka, single crate. $2 60; Wickson, $2 28; Cali
fornia Red, $1 92; Jefferson, $1 84; Ogon. $1 68;
Washington, $1 46; Purple Duane, $1 28; Bur
banks, $1 10. Prunes— Tragedy, ;2 16
CHICAGO. July 25.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day were as follows: Pears— Bartlett box. $1
(3%l 30, average $1 23. Peaches— Early Craw
ford, box, ro#7Oc. average 70c; Foster 65S70c
average CSc; Decker. 55@70c. average 64c Plums
—Eureka, rlngle crate, 60c<g!l 25. average »4c-
Kel«ey Japan. S5c®$l 10. average $1 06; Dia
mond. $1 25©1 30 average U 27; Quakenbos, $1 10
@1 30. average $125; Wickson, &5c@$l 35 aver
age $1 24; Tellow Egg. 75c@$l 20, average $102-
Purple Duane. average $1. Prunes— German,
single crate, average $105; Tragedy. 95cS$l 10
average $1 08. Nectarines— Single crate, 26® 70c'
average 61c. Grapes— Fontalnebleau, single
crate, 70c@Jl 10, average 95c; Malaga. $1 560
1 60. average $1 £6. Nine cars sold to-day
Ralnin-. . *
BOSTON. July 23.— The Earl Fruit Company
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, l">@19Vic; dairy, 14
<51"c. Cheese, firm; 9H<S'10Vic. Esgs, fresh,
lH£c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 44,000 16.000
Wheat, bushels 140.000 16,000
Corn, bushels 446,000 000,000
Oats, bushels 238.000 120,000
Rye. bushels 50,000
Barley, bushels 14.000 3.000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat, 71@72c; No. 2 red. 76vi®77c;
No. 2 corn. ?.S%c; No. 2 yellow. 38Hc: n' o . 2
outs. 24f/2» t ic: No. 2 white, 24V4 l ff27Uc; No. 3
white, 24'i'527c; No. 2 rye. 52^c; good feeding
barley, 40c; fair to choice malting, 4a!SJ6c: No.
1 flaxsepd. $1 CO; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 SO;
prime timothy seed, $3 35; mess pork, p*r bar
rel. $11 25011 75; lard, per 100 pounds, $8 57(4®
6 72Vi: short ribs Fides (loose), $C 90fi?7 20; dry
palted shoulders (boxed), <i%<S"c: short clear
sides (iKixcil). $7 40^7 50; whisky, basis of high
wines, Jl 23"^; clover, contract grade, $S. ,
City and County of San Francisco to Leonora
A Souc lot on S line of Seventeenth street,
100 W of Dolores. W 25 by S SS:S,
William H. and Grace 11 Crlm. George S.
Crim (and as trustee of the estate of Samuel
Crlm) and Samuel M. and William H. Crim
(minors) to Leonora A. Souc (Dorland) (wife
of I»uls A.), same, quitclaim deed: $1.
John F. Sullivan to Anne Gllmartln. lot on X
line of Twenty-flrst street. 230 E of Church.
K 50 bv N 114; also lot on N line of Kree
lon street 315 E of Fourth. E 43, N 40. W 5.
N 40 W 40. S SO; gift.
Horace C and Annie I* Sexton to Emma T.
Fenton (wife of I. B.). lot on S Una of Twenty
eixth street. 10") E of Mission. E 43:8 by S 10O;
J10
James E. McDaniel to Edwin H. McDaniel,
lot on E line of Dolores street. 200 S of Twenty
fourth S 30 by E 123; also lot on NE corner of
Munich and Russia streets. N 150 by E 100.
block 91 Excelsior Homestead; also lot on B
line of Munich street, 150 S of Persia. 3 300 by
F. 100 same; also lot on W line of Twenty-fifth
avenue. 3C0 S of R street. S 125 by W 240: also
lot on E line of Hoffman avenue, 41 N of Visl
taclon street. N 41. E 93:6 2-3, S 41. W 95:3 1-3,
quitclaim deed; $10.
George A. Story. Carrie B. Robertson and
Lizzie R. Maynard to Caroline P. B. Story, lot
on N line of McAllister street. C2:6 E of Leaven
w\>rth E 75. N 137:6. W 137:6. S 23. E S7:6. S 25.
\V '5 S S7:6; gift.
Henry W. and Joseph Hyman (trustees for
Solomon and Ruth V. Hyman) to Solomon and
Ruth V Hyman. lot on NW line of Market
street NE of City Hall Square. E 73 by N 100;
also lot on NW corner of Bush and Kearny
streets N 52:C by W 30:2; also lot on SE corner
cf Hoft avenue and Sixteenth street. E 100 by S
138 *S- also lot on S line of Hill street. 132:9 E
of Sanchez, E 50:1 by S 114; trustee's deed.
Continental Building and Loan Association to
Adeline M. Hayes. lot on NW line of Federal
street. 375 SW of First. SW 37:6 by NW SO; 110.
J. E. C. and Deborah Connolly (Crowley) to
«ame lot on S corner Bryant and Ellery streets,
SW 25 by SE 80; $10.
William Miller to Catherine Miller (wife), lot
on SE line of Sliver street, 314:6 SW of Second
SW 24:6 by SE 75; gift.
John and Ellen Harper to I>avld Kell. lot on
NW line of Mission street, 195 NE of Fourth
NE 27 by NW 160: $10. •
Estate of John Livingston Porter (by George
li. Center, executrix) to Annie Sandegren. lot
on SE line of Brannan street. 200 SW of Fourth
SW 00 by SE 120; $5000.
Nathan M. Benjamin and Antonette G. Bald
win to J. J. Collins, lot on E line of Stanyan
street. 145 S of Sullivan. S 23 by E 108:4: $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to James H. Lyons, lots 4 to 49, block A
Glen Park Terrace; $S500.
D. L. Farnsworth to Lillian Bishop (widow),
commencing at a point of Intersection of
the W line of Sunset avenue with S line of
Sunset avenue (the same being a point where
said avenue turns from a N and S to an E and
XV course), thence S 119.31. W 29.81. N to Sun
set avenue, E 30.1S. being part of lots 1 to 5
block II. Sunset Heights; $10. ¦ . '
John Clark (by J. C. Rued, attorney) to Peter
Clogg. lot 80 and lot 110, Spring Valley Home
stead ; $100.
William B. Craig to Johanna Craig, lot on S
line of Pine street. S7:6 E of Polk. E 23 by 120;
City and County of San Francisco to Almira
T. D. Sherwood <%), John D.. Franklin P
Howard C. and Jennie r>. Sherwood (V» each)
lot, on SW corner of Ellis and Gough streets
W 1C4:6 by S 120.
Builders' Contracts.
Thomas O. Taylor (owner) with California
Concrete Company (contractors), architect Al
bert Sutton— Concrete foundation, basement
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NEW YORK. July 25.— The attempt to take
Speculative profits In the market, barren of
any real buying demand, had its natural re
sult In a. further decline of prices to-day. The
reaction which set in yesterday also encouraged
the puttinc out of some fresh ehort lines.
Eut the bears were by no means aggressive In
their operations and the speculators on the
long side were apparently well enough fortified
to be free from ih<* necessity of liquidation
on a rapidly falling market. The declining
tendency of prices consequently showed abate
ment ¦<¦ the day were on and the closing was
fairly eteady, but fractional declines be
ing the rule. There was no evidence of re
newed manipulation for an advance, the one
or two strong hpots which were In evidence
during the day apl^aring to be due to in
<3ff*?ndent cause*. American Tobacco was well
bought na the belief that the forthcoming re
port will show extraordinary earnlnps. Met
ropolitan Street Railway was marked up 3'i
from the low point without any news to ex
plain the movement. There were firm fp«>is
also in the railroad lieu notably In Southern
Pacific and Boathem Railway preferred, but
tlif-se did net r»";irer«r.t any aggressive stand
agittnst the reaction. The cassation of pres
(.ure to realize aroused & natural expectation
forts fur an advance. While this expectation
continued operations by the bears were not
forthcoming. The conditions In foreign markets
were a 'irpr^e&ing Influence, especially the fear
reported from London and on the Continent of
£j broaching fctrir.ger.ry m the money market.
Money in London continues firm and ¦terllnit
txchange here advanced a fraction and it Is
considered certain that the receipt of gold from
Western points will be followed by a. renewed
outeo of the raetal.
The bond markpt wes without any feature
of special interest. Total sales, par value,
SI. 120.00(1.
United States refunding 2a. when Issued.
Advanced : 4 and the old 4> and It H In the
bid price.
NEW YOP.K STOCK LIST.
Kharei dosing
Hold. Stocks— Bid.
.'¦ f-7) Atchleoa 26
4,450 Atchison prefd CS^
£.775 liaitimore & Ohio 74%
7to Canau'.an Pacific fci',i
142 Car.ada Southern 4S»»
1.100 Che«»;ieaJce & Ohio 27»»
CCO Chicago Gre«t Western 11
Chicago Burlington & Quincy 126'/*
800 Cliic-ago Ind & Lr>u!«viile.... 23'4
< - hicaeo Ind & Lnulbvllle jirefd 12
Chlcaro & Eastern Illinois 95
....... Chicago & Northwestern 160>4
2.C50 Chicago Hock Island & Paciflc lOBVj
W0 C C C & St Lou£ E9%
150 Colorado Southern C'»
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41^
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16^
Delaware & Hudson 1114
1(0 Delaware Lackawar.na & Weptern..l75
I>-nver & Rio .Grande 17'4
I>enver &, Rio Grande prefd &%,
J00 Erie Jl
Trie 1st prefd 32H
(Jrfct Northern prefd K>3
100 Ilockinir Coal 13^
2.TiO Hocking Valley 34»,
Illinois Central 115»i
Iowa Central V>'/%
Iowa Central prefd 47
Kansss City Iittsburg & Gulf 16
Lake Hrie & W«tt»rn \ 26
I^ake Erie & Western prefd 90
Lake Shore 219
2.7M I>mi*vilie & Nashville 73
4.425 Manhattan L SOVi
6.280 Metropolitan f?trwt R*!lwey 157
300 Mexican Central : 12%
700 Minn it ft l»uls £6^4
KiC Minn & St Louis prefd 93
E.JGO Missouri Pacific 5«i
Mr.bile & Ohio 38
Missouri Kaneas & Texas.. 10
400 Missouri ICxntas & Texas Jirefd.... Zl
f.! 1 ) New Jersey Central 1SO«4
2TS New Vork Central 1231i
1.260 Norfolk & Western 3J
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
EASTERN PORT
NEW YORK— Arrived July 24— Stmr Alamo,
from Colon.
Sailed July 24— Ptmr Finance, for Colon.
StDREIGN. PORTS.
NAGASAKI— Arrived July 23— V S stmr
Grant, hence July 3.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 24— Br bark
Inversmild. herce Nov 11.
HIOGO— Sailed July 23— Ger ship Robert
Rickmers, fcr Oregon.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed June 14— Br shir)
Flintshire, for San Frnnclsco. July Vi— Er bark
StrathdiMi, for San Francisco.
TSINTA I"— Sailed July 19— Danish ship Jupi
ter, for Oregon.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 21— Stmr China,
hence June 22.
CAKLAO— Palled July 24— Cer stmr Tunis, fcr
San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 2^Br stmr Xlanau.
ens-?, from St Michael.
OCEAN' STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived July 25— Stmr Mesana.
from New York.
QT'EENSTOWN— Arrived July 23— Stmr Bei
cenlanrt. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Sailed July 25— Stmr Ultonia. from Liver
pool, for Boston.
LI VERPOOL— Arrived July 23— Stmr Corir.
thlan. from Montreal.
Sailed July 25— Stmr Oceanic, for New TmtK
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 25— Strar Kai
ser Wilhelm der Gross*, from firemen, fcr New-
York, via Cherbourg. <
Arrived July 25— titmr St Paul, from X»W
York.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 23— Stmr St Lnul^
for Southampton; strar Oermanic. for Livrrk
pool; atmr Southwark. for Antwerp. . • 3
MONTREAL— Arrived July 25— Stmr Sannaf
tian. from Glasgow.
DUTCH H ARDOR— Arrived July 10— Stmr
Cleveland, from, Seattle, and sailed July 11 for
SEATTLE— Arrived July 24— Schr Nellie Cole
man, frc-m Cape Nome; U S stmr Daniel Man
ning, from Ur.alaska.
Sailed July 21— Stmr Queen, for Sltka.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived July 24— Br bark
Ivanhoe, from Port Townsend.
UNALASKA— Arriveii July 16— Stmr Port
land, from Oyster Harbor.
ASTORIA-Salled July 25— Ger ship Rlckmer
Rickmers. for Queenstown.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 24— Stmr Del Norte.
from Portland, to sail July 2S for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed July 23— Schr "Western Home, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA- Sailed July 24— Stmr Fulton, for
Newport <S).
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed July 24— Stmr Sco
tia, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived July 23— Stmr Green
wood, from Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS
June 23, lat 13 S. lon 3S W— Bark St James,
from New York, for San Francisco.
July 9. lat IS N. lon 23 W— FY bark Alcie. trona
Havre, for Oregon.
SPOKEN
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOEOS. July 25. 10 p to— Weathe*
hazy; wind NW. velocity IS miles.
Stmr Anstralla. Lawless, Honolulu.
Stmr Luella. Miller. .
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hlnkle. Seattle.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, Victoria and Fort
Townsend.
Mc-x schr La. Chllena. Boke. Santa Rosalie.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Ross.
Schr Mary Etta. Hanson. liowens Landing.
Schr Ralph J Lon<c. Islgkelt. Frankport.
Schr Neptune. Johnson. Houda Landing.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. Juty IS.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, Victoria; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Australia. Lawless, Honolulu; J D
Srreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Bontta. Xlcolson. San P«lro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Cornox: R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Wednesday, July 23.
Stmr 'vFhUeaboro. Olsen. 15 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 11 hours from
Fort Braes-
Stmr Orizaba. Shea. 22 hours from Eureka.
Bktn Portland. Seymour. 9 days from What
com.
Sehr I'ortuna, Luberg, 5% days from Eureka.
Schr Nettie Sundborgr, Anderson, 21 hours
from Albion.
ARRIVED.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. $1 90®2 20; Canary, 3%c per
BEANS— Bayos, $2 85@3; Small, White, $3 33®
3 60; lanre White, $2 75®2 90; Pink, $2 SO^ 90;
Rod $2 60@3; Blaekeye, $3 50©3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 30-35 40; Pea. $3 40#3 60; Red
Kidneys. $4^4 50.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— J17'9'20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Baney, $16 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26^27; jobbing, $27 50
e2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20021: Corn Meal. $24 50;
racked Corn; $25; Mixed Feed. $14.
HAY— Volunteer. $J 50@6 50; Wheat. $1O@12 50-
Wheat and Oat. $9 50@12; Oat. $S@10; Clover,
$4S6; Alfalfa, $6@7 505 Barley, $8 60@8 50 per
ten.
STRAW— 25®40c per bale.
Receipts of Hay were less excessive yester
day. The market was unchanged.
BRAN— J12 50(g-13 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 SOS'S 73,
UKual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. »2 75<S'3 10 per barrel for fam
ily and $3 15®3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern, $4 75®
5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
{3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye Meal. J2 50;
Rice Flour, 17; Corn Meal, $! 75; extra cream
Uo $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hominy, $3 60*53 75;
Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat.
J3 60- Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, 13 25;
Rolled Oats (barrels), »6@7 25: In sacks. $5 75
<g7; Pearl Barley. »5;, Split Peas. *3; Green
Peas, |5 tO per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
White. $1 lo®l 35; Surprise. Jl 27%«fl 35; Red.
$1 07Vi@l 20: Gray. U 1001 20; Black. *1 0o@
1 12% per ctl.
CORN— Eastern Large Yellow. $1 17V4@1 20 per
ctl: Fantern White. $1 17>,4@1 20 per ctl; Mixed.
$1 1501 17H.
RYE— SO^35c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Informal Session— December— 2000 ctls, 75%c.
Second Session— December— L'000 ctls, 73-%c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
7i%c; 2000, 75%c. .
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Rule firm, with a continued fair
demand.
CALL BOARD SALES
Feed, 72'Ac for .No. 1 and C5@70c for off
grades: Brewing and shipping grades, 75@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December — 12,
000 ctls. $1 12 7 4.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, {1 13V4.
Regular Morning Session— S0O0 ctls, $1 13^.
Afternoon SeFslon — December — 4000 ctls.
$1 13* : 40O0, Jl 13*i; 4000. U 13T6.
BAHLEY — There Is rather more doing on call,
but the market is quiet at best. The fesling
Is steady.
Broomhall cabled that the German crop was
above the average, but that official French es
timates Indicate a crop of 2S0.000.000 bushels,
against SfiS.WK). 0G0 last year. Rain has now
ceased In the upper Bombay district, which Is
now threatened with the loss of another
harvest.
Local futures opened lower, but recovered
somewhat under a sluggish business.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $106»i: milling. $107*4
01 10.
WHEAT— Paris futures were lower and
Liverpool futures weak.
Chicago was unsettled and nervous. The de
mand was moderate and chiefly to fill shorts.
Cudahy's brokers were buying, but offerings
were t<x> large. There has been free liquida
tion. The market was full of itop orders and
without support
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 SS*i
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 S5
Sterling Cables — 4 8SVi
New York Exchange, sight — 12^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4SV4
JVhcat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO SAIL
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2—
July 74H 74H 74V4 74H
August 74H 74*i, 73Vi 74H
September 7i^a 7o*» 74*g 75%
Corn Xo. 2—
July 3S S8 374 33
August 3SH 3S«i 37Vi 31%
September J8i» SHi 37Vk 37%
Oats No. 2 —
July 22% 22*4 22% 22%
August 22»t 22% 22*d 22»i
September 23* 231, 22'4 23
Mess I'ork. per bbl—
July 1165
September 11 S3 11 90 1170 1177%
Lard, ner 100 lbs—
July 6 70
September 6 75 6 75 6 70 6 75
October 6 SO 6 60 6 65 6 77^4
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 6 87%
September 6 90 6 95 6 S7^» 6 90
October 6S7V4 6 8714 6 85 6 85
CHICAGO, July 25.— September wheat started
VfGM over the previous close at 75V4c to 7oHc,
scalpers buying on a half-hearted hope of a
rally following the recent heavy decline. Their
hopes were blasted In short order, however,
for there was no support at that time. Cable*
we-re weak, weather In the Northwest favorable
for harvesting and outside people apparently
did not know there was such a thing as a
wheat market in this city. The market began
to decline and as lt went down stop-loss orders !
were caught and the liquidation thus induced I
ht-Iped the slump along. Liverpool paid that i
Argentine wheat was being offered cheap and I
that the English talent expected liberal ar- i
rivals from Russia. Mot until September I
bumped against 74%c, the bottom of the pres
ent/decline, did the market receive much sup- 1
pOTt. Soon after the cash part of the markr»t |
began to attract attention. Cash people had \
sold between 500.000 and 7C0.0OO bushels, mest !
of It hard Kansas, and were covering in the
pit. Shorts were further Jolted by a cable
announcing a reduction in the estimate of the
French crop from 310,000,000 bushels to 250,000,
«0 bushels. Trade became active and Sep
tember rallied steadily to 73"»c and closed soon
alter In a firm condition. September US^fcC
over yesterday at 75ViS7o%c.
Fine growing weather over the largest area
ever planted, giving promise of a bumper
crop, caused a further decline In corn. Sep
tember closed J sC under yesterday at 37*ic
Oats were quiet. September closed He under
yesterday at 23c.
Provisions were dull and fluctuated under the
guidance of wheat and corn. The shipping de
mand for the product was fair, but the out
side trade was Indifferent, packers not buying
and hogs lowr at the yards. The close, how
ever, was steady. September pork closed 13c
uiidf^r yesterday, lard 2Vsc down and ribs 5c
lower.
The leading- futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
h^urs fni.Tij: mi'lr.isht. July 26. 11*05:
Northern California — Cloudy Thursday; brisk
r.'Ttherly w'.nd in the interior; frech westerij
vind oa the coast.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, except
showers; In the mountains; fresh northwest
winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday, probably ehowers;
cooler in northern portion.
Utah— Shawere; colder Thursday.
Arizona — Cloudy Thursday, with ehowers In
northern jx>rtion.
fan. Francisco and vicinity — Clcudr Thars-lay;
brl^k westerly winis, with fog in the after
noon. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
•
j .«.-•-. is rei»jrt«^l in Northern Texas «nd
elcr.g the ccs-st from the mouth or the Colum
bia lilver BOtthmvd. The following maximum
wind velocities are reported: Pan Francisco. 30
miles i>er hour trrm the west: Point Reyes
Light. 4* ir.liea northwest: Mount Tamalpais,
4>; miles northwest; KallFpel, !b milca north
west.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
The presfure has fallen rapidly over the
c-.utfc.erci half cf the Pacific Elor*. Over Utah
ar.C Nevada there ]-.as been a rail of more than
r.ne-ter.ih cf an Inch la pressure Curing the
put t»euly-tonr hours. A thunderetcrm is re
ported at wlaaoaacea. and conditions are fa
vorable for fhowers Thursday in Utah. Nevada
*r.<l Northern Arizona.
The temperature regains nearly normal
throughout California. Over Idaho, Eastern
Wufchlngtcn an-1 Eastern Oreroa there has been
& itharu fall In temr'crature.
fx.>p.l:cast,
Weather Report.
MeriJian— Psciflo Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. July 2j. 19 U—l p. m.
The fcllowlr.c ir.ailmum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Euroka. ! C2 Los Angeles 84
Mount Tamalpais 71 Sacramento SS
IrjJ^peni" !ic e M Sia Luu Oblspo b ¦
Ke,l Bluff M San Diego 7<j
Tresno 96]
£an Krarcisco data: ilaxlmum temperature.
CZ: mtslamia. H: mean, ci.
WEATHER CONHITIONS AND GENERAL
Merchandise for Victoria.
The Umatil'.a sailed yesterJay for Victoria
with a r*.-.*ral cargo va'uci at I13,2SS. Includ
ing the following:
Twelve b<!ls steel. 4 cylinders gas. 2 coi'.s wire
rov* IS iV.ee. wire netting. 3 cs draps. 10 pkRS
eroc«-ie8 and provisions. 6<X> gals S cs wine. 20M
eks salt. 13 tks lima beans. 3 cs arms and
ammunition, 17 Mis roofing tin. IM Wls p!pe.
CC cs paste. E3 pkgs vegetables. 1981 pkj« fruit.
SO t-xs raislr.s. ;>62 IT* effss. 10 cs dry goods.
ICS c» canned gooCs. £S bdls iron. 14 pk^s rub
ber poods 25 pkes evaporated fruit. S cs cheese.
4 bdis Frizes. »S ikgs dried fruit, 4 cs bocks.
3 cr bicycles and sundries. 30 c« pearl barley.
3'«Xt lbs butter. 64« lbs tobacco. ICW lbs suear.
SO bdls pastr 11 cs hardware, 45 sks onions, W>
boxes '.emors. IS boxes oranges, ISO tubes. _«
t... rock. SC2 sks bituminous rock.
Following are several staple exports from this j
port by eea for the flm half of the year, in !
comparison with the tarne period last year:
Hjjnbe^-i^ss.o?" feet, valued at 1243,509, ;
arair.Ft U 650,40* fe«t at r6».246.
Wine— 2 &}>C " frt cations and 4*10 cases, valued
ct »7&0.1.«). npair.st 1.671,7*) gallons and 4*6
Faimrn— it/'.?.'.* cases and 4t6 package*.
va:-j*>d at 170.229. against 122,500 cases end 12C3
packages at $;20,47&.
Tfce IvarAoe loa£» lumber at ICew Wfcalcnm
for C*i:co, C2s Cd.
Some Staple Exports.
Charters.
CLOSING
Atehlaon. S7; Canadian Pacific. 90V4: Uninn
Pacific preferred, 77'a; Northern Pacific, 73%;
NEW YORK, July 2.'.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business for the new account was very light
in the markets here to-day and the tone wa3
flat, thougto there was some Improvement
toward the close on more favorable news from
South Africa. Americans were neglected and
developed a sagging' tendency. Money was
firm and the Bank of England loaned a largo
amount at the official minimum rate of 4 per
cent. It also monopolized business In short
bills. Sliver fell to 27%d spot. 27%d forward
talc?, supposed to bo for India.
London Market.
NEW YORK. July 25.— Money on call steady.
1*4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4Q-4%
per cent. Sterling exchange firm at $4 87% for
demand and at $4 S3li ( f?4 £3% for sixty days;
posted rates. $4 MV<;4 & and $4 8S@4 SSH:
commercial bills, $4 S3 v i. Bar silver, 60'iC
Silver cmificates, ClViQ62Vic.
New York Money Market.
¦ WASHINGTON. July 25.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve, show:
Available cash balance, $150,169,550; gold. $71,
741.&31.
Condition of the Treasury.
ICO Norfolk & Western prefd 7?
4,71-) Northern Pacific 50%
140 Northern Pacific prefd 71 V 4
SCi Ontario & Wt-stern 20Vw
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
1.900 Pennsylvania HS l »
300 Reading I6V4
2.000 Reading 1st prefd 5»t*
450 Reading 2d prefd 2!> 1 »
Rto Grande Western M.Vj
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
100 St Louie & San Fran 9 1 .*
fc=t I^iuis & San Fran 1st prefd 67
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33
300 St Louis Southwestern 10
?00 £t Louis Southwestern prefd 26
4.S10 Pt Paul l!l*i
St Paul preM 171
St Paul & Omaha 110
6,300 Southern Pacific 33%
WO Southern Railway 11
1.(25 Southern Railway prefd 52K
Texas Ac 1'aclHc 11**
15.4S0 Union Pacific f^'t
£45 Union Pacific prefd 75't
Wabash €»*
£00 Wehash prefd Is-*
400 Wheeling & LaJce Erie ;>•:»
1,083 Wheeling & Luke Erie 2J prefd 23S
Wisconsin Central 11
Express Companies—
Adanw 123
American 103
, United SsatPs : 45
, \\>l!s rarg.j 122
M : see ila nt-ous —
, Am-riciin Cotton Oil 34
American Cotton Oil prefd SI-H
American Mailing S\
¦ American Malting prefd 19'j
An.erica.n Smelting & Refining 37V»
Am Smelting Ji Kenning prefd SS
American Spirits 1V»
American Spirits prefd 17
305 Americas fcHeel Hoop 20^4
American Steel Hoop prefd tf7
6.1'C.I American Steel <t Wire 35
145 American Steel & Wire prefd 73*-i
:7a American Tin Plate 23
American Tin Plate prefd '. 7S
2.C^J American Tobacco V7
American Tobacco jirefd 12S
1.043 Anaconda Hilling Co 42*i
2o.*35 13r<X)klyn Rapid Transit SiS't
1.6C0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 34^
10.00* Continental Tobacco 26>*
22.' Continental Tobacco prefd 59S
5.640 Frderal Steel 34
Federal Steel prefd CG^i
100 General Electric 130
Giucose Sugar 52
....... Glucose Sugar prefd ICK. 1
, Internatioriiil Paper - 22'j
340 International Paper prefd 65Vj
100 Laclede Gas 76
200 National Hi?cult 30U
...' National Biscuit pre'd S5
National Ltad 18%
, National Lead prefd 96 1 *
100 National Steel 25 L t
National Ste«-l prefd S5
100 New York Air Brake 130
North American 15\i
Pacific Coast 53
Pacific Coast 1st rrefd 54
Pacific Coast 21 prefd 63
440 Pacific Mail 30
1.421 Peoples Uas 99
100 Pressed Pteel Car 41%
Pressed St^el Car prefd 73
400 Pullman Palace Car 1S2
Standard Rope & Twine 5H
2«.7i<5 f^ugar 127
100 gu gar prefd il«14
3.4S5 Tennessee Coal & Iron 71 l »
5,715 United Stat<s Leather I0H
145 United States Leather prefd e^i
462 fnited States Rubber 24?»
United States Rubber prefd i... !«3
1.020 Western Union 7.<*i
1,015 Republic Iron & Steel Co U'j
Ita Republic Imn & Steel Co prefd 54
PCCiSt Louis 52
Third Avenue 109
22L200 Shares sold.
CLOSING . BONDS,
tr S 2s ref reir. "M K & T 2ds 69
when iFsuod 104»i
I>O COUP 1W/4
Do 2s reg lftO
Do 3s ree 103H
Do 3s coup IT' 1 *
Do new 4g ITS... 133%
Do new 4b coup.. 132%
Do old 4s re*.... 116
I>o old 4s cour>..ll*'i
Do ts re- H3S
Do f.s coup 114H
DlFt of C 2.6.1s.... 123
Atchlson gen 4s....lOUi
I>o adjt 4s *i» 4
Canada So 2<Js 107S
C & O 4Vis 9»%
Do 5s 116\
C & N con 7s 141V4
Do S F Deb 5s.. lit 1 ,.
Chicago Term 4s.. S2 ! i
Colo So 4s BS%
D & R G lsts. ....102
Do 4s 97^
Erie Gen 4s «'*
Ft W & D C lsts.. TVA
Oere E!ec 5s 115
Iowa Cent lsts 113
K C P & G lsts.... 71U
L &. N Unl 4s.... 98^
l' r * 4£ -1 4
N Y Cent Uts 10S
N Y Cent gen 5s..l22'i
N P 2s €«»
Do 4s 1C3S
N Y C & St L 48.106%
Nor & W con 4s.. 97» 4
Or Nav lsts 109
Do 4s 102»i
O S Line Cs 12»Vi
Do con 5s 112
Reading Gen 4s.. hi
R G W lsts 98
S L & I M con 5s.H0
S L & S F Gen Ca.123
Ft Paul cons 1S6H
St P C & P lstS..112i-x
Do 5s 118^4
S P 4s 99
SO Rj- Ss 108«t
Standard R & T 6s 70
Tex & Pac Ists....iu4
Do 2ds 55
a p 4s lobvi
Wabach lsts 116
Do 2ds 1O3V4
West Shore 4s ..lUVi
Wla Cent lsts *7
V'a Centuries 90
MINING STOCKS
Chollar iz
Crown Point 16
Con Cal & Va 1 35
Deadwood 40
Gr.uld & Curry "''
Hale & Norcrots.. 20
Homestake 50 0
Iron Silver 52
Mexican 13
Ontario 1 00
Ophlr 62
Plymouth 10
Quicksilver 1 50
Do pref 6 10
Flerra Nevada 22
Standard 4 00
Union Con 11
Yellow Jacket 18
UOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money-
Call loans 2^3
Time loans 3ij4
Stocks —
A T & S F" 2C,
Do pref 'J^H
American Sugar.. 12C"!-,
Do prefd 117
Am Telephone 14."
Boston & Albany. 245
JJorton Elevated... 142%
Boston & Maine.. .1*9
c b & o..... 12c 1 ,;
Dominion Coal CS^
Do prefd 113V*
Federal Steel 31
Do prefd 67
Fltchburg prefd.... 1*5
General Electric... 129 ! 4
l>o prefd 13$**
Mexican Central... 12V*
Michigan Tel f>5
N E Gas &. Coke.. 16
Old Colony 2u5
Old Dominion 19
Rubber 2*
Union Pacific 56%
West End 93^
West Electric .... 43'.i
Wis Cent lt
Honds—
Atchlson 100
N E Gas & Coke.. 65^j
Mining Shares-
Adventure 2
Allouez Min Co... 1
Amal Copper S7V4
Atlantic 23Vi
Boston & Mont.... 303
Dutte & Boston 65
Calumet & Hecla..745
Centennial 17
Franklin 13
Humboldt 23
Ofsceola 67%
Parrot 41»,fr
Qulncy 132
Santa Fe Copper... 4H
Tamarack 195
Utah Mining 28<i
Winona 2'-4
Wolverines S8>4
THURSDAY, JULY 25,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
-'Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fcrt Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-fire minutes later than at Fort Point:
ths height of tide Is the same a both places.
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Wheat unsettled, but dull.
Other cereals about as before.
Hay in less excessive receipt. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds still nominal.
Potatoes and Onions still tend downward.
Another advance in Butter. Cheese unchanged.
Eggs about the same as before.
Poultry dull and featureless.
Fresh and Dried Fruits moving off fairly.
Previsions inactive and unchanged.
Meat market sufficiently supplied and steady.
Nrjv Sweet Potatoes appeared.
Branch Hydrogrnphte Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Franc!3co. ca'
July 25. 13CO.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day-i
L e.. at noon of the i;oth mer'.Jlaa, or at 1
o'clock D. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. 3. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
NEW YORK. July 25.— The feature of opera
tions in the metal market to-day was a sensa
tional drop in tin of about l»4c, due almost
entirely to the utter collapse of the spot corner.
At the close spot tin was very weak at $32 75
<g33. Futures were entirely nominal. Copper
In I/cndon declined 10s, but ruled quiet with
nothing doing here at $16 50. Lead and spelter
were dull and unchanged at J3 57Vs@* 02\s and
at $4 20 respectively. Only a small Jobbing
business for Iron and steel at the lowest fig
ures. Old material was again somewhat lower.
The brokers' price for lead was »3 95 and for
copper $16 00.
New York Metal Market.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
SV-c: prime. 6c; choice, E*i®6Hc: fancy, 7@7V*c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3V4@7e per
pound, as to size and quality.
APKICOTP— Koyal, 11614c; Moorpark, 15@17a
PEACHES— Peeled. 14810c; unpeeled. 6®9c.
WHEAT-~Recelpts, H.S25 bushels; sales, 3,
270.000 bushels, futures: 488,000 bushels export.
Spot market firm. No. 2 red. 82%c, f.o.b. afloat;
No. 2 red, S3T6C. elevator; Northern Duluth.
84vic, f.o.b. afloat to arrive; No. 1, hard Duluth.
Sfi-^ic, f.ab. afloat to arrive. Options opened
easy and developed positive weakness later
owing to fine weather In the Northwest and
harvest districts, more or less liquidation, for
eign selling and heaviness in outside markets.
It finally rallied decidedly on a big western
cash demand,- and closed firm at He net ad
vance. Kales. Including No. 2 red, July. S1H@
82%c, closed M%c; September— 79%(g8O%c, closed
fc£*sc; October— S0?4c closed SO^c; December—
$0H@SlSe. closed Sl%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE-Spot Rio dull; Na 7 Invoice, 9^c,
nominal. Mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%Q"13Hc Fu
tures closed steady, with prices 15©20 points
lower. Total sales, 38,000 bags. Including:
July, n 95(g!s; September, J7 OOiftS; October, $S@
S 10; November, J3 C5; December. $8 20@S 23:
January. $S 25SS 30; March. $3 30@S 40; April.
IS 4C*gS £0; May. $S 50.
fl'GAR — Itaw strong; fair refining, 4%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4?4c. Molasses sugar, 4Vgc.
Keflned firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. SS29 packages. Weak.
Creamery. 17© 20c; current packing factory.
14«lo&ic.
EGGS— Receipts, 7$05 packages. Firm. West
ern at mark, U@l3Vfec for average lots; West
ern, loss off, l'Hc
DRIED FRUITS.
Trading- was rather sluggish in the market
for evaporated apples and void of any new
features of importance. At the close the mar
ket was about steady at unchanged prices.
California dried fruits were inactive and
r.cmtnal.
NEW YORK. July 25. -FLOUR— Receipts, 27,
426 bbls; exports, . S20 bbls; sales, 6250 pack
ages. The market was weak, closing a shade
steadier !n tone on the late rally in wheat.
Winter patents. $3 S0^4 30; winter straights,
?3 6o!§3 $.0: Minnesota patents. $4 25@4 50; winter
extra, $2 70*73; Minnesota bakers', $2 90@3 35.
Grand Trunk. 6%; Anaconda. S',4. Bar silver,
steady, 27%d per ounce. Money, 3%i@4 per
cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
* — — 1
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NOTE! — In the above exposition of the tide*
the early momlr.s tides ar? given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of thfl
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column gives the second tide of
the liar, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tl(!» of the day. except wh»n there are hut
three ttdes. as sometimes occurs. The heights
given ar» In addition to the soundings on the
United State* Coast Survey charts. *Treft
when a minus sl*n (-) precede the height.
and then the number given la subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan^ of
reference Is the mean of tlv lnw»r low waters.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
"WEDNESDAY. July 23 — » p. m.
Bid.Ask.
Alpha 06 CS
Alta 06 07
A-ndes 04 03
Belcher 14 16
Best & Belcher. 20 21
Bullion OJ 03
Caledonia 73 75
Chollar 15 17
Challenge Con.. 13 15
Confidence 68 70
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 50
Con Imperial... — 01
Con New York. 02 —
Eureka Con — 50
Crown Point.... 12 13
Exchequer 01 02
Gould & rurry. 23 25
Hale & Norc... 2<J 22
Julia — 01
Bid.Ask.
Justice 08 03
Kentuck — 01
Lady Wash 02 03
Mexican 1G IS
Occidental 07 d
Ophlr W £3
Overman 06 07
Potosi 13 13
Savage 11 12
Scorpion C2 —
Seg Belcher 02 C3
glerra Nevada., lb 20
Silver Hill 4S 50
St Louis — IS
Standard 4 20 4 31
Syndicate — 07
ITnion Con 19 50
Utah C9 10
Yellow Jacket.. 20 21
COO Caledonia 71 300 Overman C9
300 Challenge Con.. 11 200 Silver Hill 43
100 Confidence 70 500 Silver Hill 43
200 Gould & Curry. 23,1000 Utah 09
500 Justice 08 500 Yellow Jacket. 21
200 Mexican IS j
Afternoon Session
500 Bullion 03 200 Sierra Nevada.. 28
2tT0 Crown Point .. 13 200 Silver Hill 50
300 Gould & Curry. 24 100 Yellow Jacket. 21
600 Savage 12,
Morning: Session.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Following were the sales on the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Bullion 03' 150 Savage 12
200 Con New York. 03 1 200 Silver Hill 3*.
100 Gould & Curry. 251
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia 75 200 Sierra Nevada. 23
10) Confidence 70 300 Silver Hill .... 50
50 Confidence 6S 100 Silver Hill 43
100 Occidental 08 600 Yellow Jacket. 20
MINING STOCKS,
100 Home Oil 4 65
Afternoon Session
200 Buckhorn 8 73
£0 Home Oil 4 70
Morning Session.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. July 25—2 p. m
Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds — 1
4s quar coup.. 113^116^1
4s do reg 115%U6 l ,4|
4s do cp new.l33-Sl34V»j
3s quar coup..HU->»U0»i
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll6«4 —
C C Water 5s.lO6i 4 —
Ed L & P 6s. 123 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 —
Geary-st R 5s. — 99
H C & S 5%s. — —
Do 6s 101 103
L A Ry 5s 104V4106Vi
L A Lt Co 6s. — —
Do gntd 6s.. — —
L A gntd 5s... 10O —
L A P R R 5s. — 101*1
Market-st 6a... — 128%
Do 1st M 58.113 —
N C N G R 7s. — —
N R of Cal 6s.H3 —
Do 5s 117V4 —
N P C R R 63.101 —
Do 6s 105 —
N Cal Ry 6S..11H4 —
Oak G L&H5S.110H —
Oak Tran 6s.. 11411115%
Oak W CoSs..- 104
Oceanic 8 Co.in5 105V4
Om C Ry 6a.. 125^ -
P & Cl Ry 6s.lO3V4 —
P & O R R 6s. 115 —
Powell-st R 6a. 120 —
Sac El G&RJu. St7\i —
8 F & SJV5B.119 120
S R of Cal 6s. Ill 111>4
S P of A 6«...lll 111%
S P C 6s(19O5).109 112
Do (1506) ....112 U2\
Do (1912) ....11) 122Vi
SPRClst gntls. — —
S P llr 6a 132 —
S V Wat«r 6s. 115'* —
Do 4s 103>,4103«i
Do 2d mtr-.lO2 —
Etocfcln Gas 6s 99'.^ —
Water Stocks —
Contra Coista.. 6S% CSK
Marln County. Si) —
Spring Valley. — 85
Gas & Electric-
Cent Q & L Co — —
Cent L & 1* Co 5 6'A
Bid. Ask.
Eqult G L Co. 3H- ?
Mutual El Co. V 1 ,-* 10-%
O G L & H... 49H 43?,
Pac Gas Imp.. 43\ —
Pac L Co 44 —
Sac ElG&PCo. 22V4 —
S F G & E.... 51H 51U
San Francisco. 4T» 5h
Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Insurance —
FlrenVs Fund.225 230
Bank Stock*—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 66 T)
Bank of Cal... 411 «13tf
Cal S D Si T..104 105
First Xationl.273 2S0
Lon P & A....133%135
Merchants' Ex 15 —
Nev Nat Bk... — —
Savings Banks—
Ger S & L....1S30 —
Hum S & L... — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 45 —
8 F Sav U...C05 —
Sav & L So... 74 78
Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Union T Co — — —
Street Railroads-
California 123 —
Geary-st M —
Market-st .... 64 64£
O S L & n.... - -
Preaidlo — t2%
Powder Stock*—
California ....1S5 l«2tt
Giant Con Co.. 86?i 87V*
Vigorit 8 3'A
Sugar Stocks —
Hana S »• Co. 8 8'/4
Haw C & 8 Co 87H -
Honokaa 8 Co 31S 32
Hutch S P Co 24%* —
Kllauea. & PCo 13 W 19H
Makawell 8 Co 4» 48V»
Onomea S Co. 26% —
I'aauhau 8 Co. K% 31!4
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack A»sn.ll7HHSU
Cal Fruit Aasn 97 93
Mer Ex Aisn. 97 100
Oceanic S Co. 92% —
Pac A F A.... 2 —
Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
, Morning Session.
60 Honokaa SIKH
25 Honokaa, cash 31 62V4
25 Market-street Railway 61 23
30 Mutual Electric Light 10 37^4
$5000 Oakland Transit Co. 6s 115 CO
15 Oceanic S. S. Co 92 75
60 Paauhau S. P. Co 3100
Cl S. V. Water 94 874
40 S. V. Water 94 75
Street —
J20OO Contra Costa Water Bonds 10« 23
$2000 U. S. 3s, coupon 103 87'^
Afternoon Session.
Board—
35 Contra Costa Water 68 50
15 Contra Costa Water 68 75
W Contra Costa Water, b 6 6S 75
10 Hutchinson S. P. Co 24 87'^
20 Kllauea Sugar P. Co 19 25
25 Mutual Electric Light 10 GO
B Oakland Gas 49 50
Jiw» Oceanic S. S. Bonds 104 75
$13,000 Oceanic S. S. Bonds 105 CO
Street—
10 Onomea Sugar Co 2« 23
25 Pacific Gas Imp 4? 75
10 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 30 75
CO S. F. Gas & Electric Co 51 12^
10 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 51 00
10SO Vigorit 3 CO
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
AH classes of securities were dull yesterday.
The oil stocks were lifeless, and the only fea
ture on the Bond Exchange was a further ad
vance In Gas & Electric 10 $51 12^4.
THE STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
CORN— Spot, new, quiet; old, steady; Ameri
can mixed, new. Ss 10\4d; do old, 3s lid; fu
tures, quiet; September, 3s 10*&d; November,
3s lOTid.
WHEAT— Steady; No. 1 Northern spring,
63 2Vsd: No. 1 California, 6s ld@Cs 2d: futures,
quiet; July, nominal: September. 6s; December,
€s Id.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 25.— Consols, 97^4; silver, 27%.
French rentes. 89f S2V4c. Wheat carcoes on
passage, nominal; unchanged. English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, July 25.— WHEAT— Easy: No.
1 standard California, 6s l^d; wheat In Paris,
steady; flour in Paris, dull; French country
markets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 27-32d.
CLOSING.
TACOMA, July 25.— Wheat closed weak and
lower. Bluestem, 5Sc; club, 56c.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, July 25. — The Portland wheat
market Is nominal at 5Cc and 57c for Walla
Walla and Valley, with bluestem In fair de
mand at COc. There are no sales of conse
quence at these figures and the only business
doing in the trade is the purchase of an occa
sional lot In the interior for the purpose of
attracting wheat to the warehouses.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, July 25.-Clearlngs, $334,820;
balances. {63.6S3.
Portland's Business.
Hogs— Receipts to-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
20,000: left over, EGOO: oc lower. Top. $5 43.
Mixed and butchers'. $5 1005 42%: good to
choice heavy, J5 15tj'5 40; rough heavy, $5®a 10;
lambs, $4115 6;); Western lambs, $5fJ5 SO.
Shetp— Receipts, 11,000; sheep and lambs ac
tive shade higher. Good to choice wethers,
?4 10®4 40; "fair to choice mixed. $3 1»W4; west
ern sheep, J4Q4 40; Texas sheep. $3@4; native
lambs, $1@5 05; western lambs, $5%5 80.
CHICAGO. July 25. -^Cattle— Receipts. 15.500
l\ead; .strong to 10c higher. Butchers' stock
stronger. Natives, good to prime,. 5®10c higher,
$5 254T5 85;' poor to medium, steady and strong.
$4 60<Jf 6 13; selected 1 feeders, steady, $4 30®4 70;
mixed Btockers, $3® 3 S5; cows, $3@4 85; heifers,
$305 15; canners, steady, $2*32 SO; bulls, steady.
$2 75®4 60; calves, strong. $4 f(KS6 50. Texans—
Receipts, 700 head; fed steers, strong. $4 35@5 20;
grass steers, $3 4O@4 2:»; bulls. $2 50-33 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
BOSTON. July 25.— The Wool and Cotton Re
porter will say: The wool market has shown
a distinct improvement during the past week.
Ther« have been manufacturers in the market
looking around. Mere inquiries for some bags
have been received by mail and more wool
has been actually sold, including some good
sized lines of territory, Texas and quarter and
three-eighths blood fleece. One large woolen
mill Is reported to have taken a conslderab.*
line of territory and California wools. Mo3t
of the wools, of course, were old wools, but
they reduce considerably the amount of sucli
etock which has been hanging over the mar
ket awaiting purchasers. Holders are not now
so urgent In forcing the wool as they wer*
and a better feeling exists. Manufacturers In
many instances are talking quite encouragingly
and it Is felt that Just as soon as orders are
placed for lightweight goods there will be
more business In the wool market, for the
many large consumers have acknoivJedged that
they have been running down very close to
bare boards for some time past.
The sales of the week In Boston amounted to
2.157,000 pounds domestic and 190,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 2,347.000 pounds,
against a total of 1,663,000 pounds for the pre
vious week and a total of f.271.000 for the cor
responding week last year. The sales since
January 1 amount to 74,822,800 pounds, against
157.047.000 pounds for the corresponding time
last year.
Boston Wool Market.
auctioned California fruit at the following
prices to-day: Pears— Bartletts, box $1 40SJ1 <•'¦
average $1 61. Peaches— Early Crawfords. box.
60gS0c, average 72c. Plums— Quakenbos box,
94c. Prunes— Tragedy, single crates, $1 M*
1 3i). average $1 24. Ten cars sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA. July 24.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit sold at auction to-day: Pears—
Bartletts, box, $1 35«1 60, average. $1 52. P' um9
— Bradshaw. single cYates average $1 W: Purple
Duane, single crates average $1 0a; Columbia,
single crates, 60c®$l 05, average 93c. Prunes-
Tragedy, single crates average $1 35; Germans,
single crates, $1 10® 1 30, average $1 22. Weatner
hot. Three cars sold to-day. .. _
NEW YORK. July 25.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sales of California 5 fruit: Grapes—Fon
talnrbleau. 90 c iS$i single crate. Pears—Bart
letts. SOc?f$l C3 box r.5«70c half-box. Peaches—
Early Crawfords. 45c<fi$l 25 box. Pl'"p s "~,?-V r v"
kn, S5c0$! 40 single crate; Ogon. «©«fc; «lck
son, 65c@$l 40. Prunes— Germans. 75@Sjc single
crate: Tragedy. 65c(5$l. . _, ,„
Porter Bros.' Co. sales: Peaches— Earl>
Crawfords, 33^750 box: Pecker, $t. Plums-
Yellow Egg. 60c«$l 2D single crate; Columbia,
T3c: Wickson. $ltfl 30; Bailey. 60c; Splendor.
SOc: Comedy. 70i?fg0c: Diamond. 70#«oe; Bur
banks. 45<g50c; Bradshaw ?,o!a$i>c: i'- D.. 60W
75c: mixed, 70<JfS5e; Abund'ance. 70c: Eureka, ao
(565c; Washington. $1; Satsuma. COc: Botan. 75
i?60c; Giant, 90c. Prunes— Germans. CS^^c sln
cle crate; Tragedy 60c® $1 10. Pears— Bartletts,
$1 1£@1 60 box.
WEDNESDA
Flour, qr sks .... 15.5S0
Wheat, ctls .;.... 17.9SO
Barley, ctls 3.290
Oats, ctls 1.700
Tallow, ctls 203
T, JULT 25.
Shorts, eks 223
Hay. tons 897
Wool, bales 54
Leather, rolls.... Ill
Hides, No 330
Receipts of Produce.
CANDLES— Following are new quotations on
Candles:- Electric Light, 6s, 16 or. 12c per set.
6s, 14 oz. 10%c; 6s, 12 oz, O^c: 6s, 10 oz, 8ftc;
12s 12 oz (hotel), 10c; Granite Mining, 6s, 16
oz 12'ic per set: 6s, 16 oz, 12%c: 6s, 14 oz,
ll%c; 6s, 14 ox. lUsc; 6s. 12 oz, 10c; 6s. 10 oz.
9>ic; 12s, 12 oz (hotel), 104c
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.20c: Powdered,
5.30e; Candy Granulated, o.SOc: Dry Granulated.
6 70c; Confectioners' A, 6.70c; Magnolia A. 5.30c;
Extra C. 5.20c; Golden C. 5.10c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more:
&0-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Us equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels. 6.45c: boxes, 6.70c per lb.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington, $3; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6; Cocs Bay,
$5 50; W'allsend. $9; Co-operative Wallsend, J3;
Cumberland. J12 in bulk and $13 23 in sacks,
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $n
per ton: Coke, $16 per ton in 1 bulk and $18 In
fiack!>; Rocky Mountain descriptions.. $S 45 per
2000 pounds and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6M»<g6Uc; Wool Bags, 28H@32»$c:
Fleece Twine. "HC Fruit Bags. 6H@6%c for
white and 8Vi©8%c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 5^6Vlc per lb for fair to choice.
VE \L— Large, 7®Sc; small. 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Sc; ewes, 7@7Hc per
I>0 LAMB-Spring. 8^S9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6c for small.- 5%@5T&c for
medium and 5Ms4r5%c for large; stock Hogs and
letders, 5Vie; dreesed Hogs, 8@SHc.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9'^c; medium. SHc; light, SHc; Cow
hides! "sHc: Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 8c; Calf. 9c;
Dry Hides, pound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 15c; Sheepskins,
Shearling's, 20<530c each; short Wool, 30@50c
each- medium. 60®SOc; long Wool, 90cQ$l 10
each : Horse Hides, salt. $2<S2 25 for large. $1 75
for medium. $1 ior small and 50c for colts;
Horse Hides, dry. - fl 50 for large, $1 25 for me
dium $1 for small and 25&50c for colts. Pecr-
Ekirs— Summer or red skins, 35c: fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Gout
skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium. 35c. ...
TALLOW— So. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; Na. 2.
3c; rcllned. 5%c; grease, 2®2V4c
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 14&15c: Northern defective, 12(3>
14.C* MWdle County, free. 14ffl6c; Middle Coun
tv ' defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, Vi
months*." 11® 12c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months 1 10@12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months',- 9®llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno,
MVSlSc- Nevada, 13S51SC per lb. Fall Clip— San
joaquln Lambs 1 . S®9c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 5@10c per lb; new. 10@i2c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10@10%c per lb for
heavy, 10%@lCV4c for light medium, ll%c for
light 12**c for extra light and 14Hc for sugar
cured Eastern sugar- cured Haii.s. 12.313c:
Me»s Deef. ?12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Fam-
Uv 114- extra Prime Pork. $15: extra clear. $19;
Mess $16 50: Smoked Beef. 12>4@13c per lb. ;
L A 'nrj Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound end 8Hc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
S%c: 10-lb tins. 9%c; 6-lb tins, 9%e.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. S"4c; three
half-barrels. 8»ic; one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces,
giAc- nve tierces. SHc per lb.
The market continues devoid of feature and
extremely dull.
Provisions.
There Is no further change to report. Good
large Apricots show signs of ruling firm, as
most of the output thus far is small sired. Ir.
fact, ail fruits will be rather undersized this
DlilRD FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, nominal
—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples. SHftSc: sun
dried, 3df4e per lb: Black Figs. 1&©>2c: White
F1ks. 2@3c; Bleached Plums. "He: T.'nbleached
Plums, 6c for pitted and lttc for unpltted.
NEW CROP— Apricots, 54t7c per n»: Peaches,
6@6c; Pears. 607c; Plums, pitted, 4H@6a
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy. per
n> 10c; choice. 9c; standard. «c: prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per n>, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 8V4Ci choice. 714c! standard, BUe;
prime. t"c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless.
50- n> boxes. 5c: 2-crown. loose Muscatels. u^c:
3-crown. 6Vic: 4-crown. 7c: London Layers. 2
crown $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 CO. Fancy
Clusters, |2: Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, S®10c for Standards and 9
®ilc lor ¦ottabcilij » ew Almonds-, Iitttyl'Vic
for paper shell. 9^&10Vic for soft and 6#7c for
hardshell. Peanuts, UsiVvC for Eastern and
5<R6c for California: Brazil Nuts. 11O12HC! Fil
berts. 12S13c; Pecans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50
8 HONEY— Comb, 12<512%c for bright and 11®
11«4 for light amber; water white, 7Vif*7lic;
light amber extracted. 6V;«JG»ic; dark. 5H®6c
24@26c per It).
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
v The assortment of Grapes Is extending.
Sweetwaters, from Stockton, sold at 35@S0c, and
Golden Chaaselas, from Vacaville, at 50c per
Melons are rather weak than otherwise, and
Watermelons ere lower.
Peaches continue firm and good stock brings
top quotations without difficulty. Apples and
Pears axe weaker.
Limes and Lemons continue firm, with slender
stocks.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 20<Ef30c per box and crate;) and
SlOtfflS per ton tn the canners.
APPLES— 35c@$l for Targe boxes: Crabapples,
25«40c per small box and 40Q60C per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 25860c In boxes and $10
@20 per ton in bulk. m ifj.*
PLUMS— 25Q35C per box and crate and 20ff3oc
per basket; In buik. s; 6O'ui-> Per MMft! Prunes.
254J50C per crate and 2D«g'40c per basket.
STRAWBERRIKS-S2 M#3 per chest for large
and f2iff4 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $3*77 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— %Z<SZ 50 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES—^5(g6 per chest.
CUKRANTK^tflfcJ P«i <hest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7«Sc per lb.
FiGS— Per box, 00c for single and 7jc®$1 for
double layers.
NECTARINES— White, 35{f63c per box; red.
5(HgS5c.
PEACHES— 2507Sc per box and 30330c per
basket; in bulk. il5<820 per ton.
(5KAPKS- Krnai Arizona. *l«l 2R per crate
for white and COc for black: Fontalnbleau, from
Vacaville, 6O@6Oc per crate; Muscats, ?1 per
crate: Seedless. $16' 1 23 per crate.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 7Sc@tl BO per case; Can
teloupes tli?2 per crate; Watermelons, from
Fresno, $7<gl2 50 per 100.
CITRUS FRl'Iiss— Valencia*, $1 5OS2: Lem
ons $1 25(32 50 for emmon end Mti4 for pwi
to choice: Mexican Limes. tS: Bananas. 75c@
?2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 50 per doz.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Creamery-Fancy Creamery. »321ttc; seconds.
Dairy— Fancy. 18H<319c: good to choice, 17®
ISc; common. 15tri6c. .' . au.*r
CHEESE— New. S@9c: Young America, 9V4©
10c: Eastern. 13H<314Hc: Western. 10®12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14<517c for store and lW—c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14@17c.
Eggs continue very strong and are quoted
ellghtly higher.
Butter rules firm, with a fractional advance
In creamery. Cheese stands as before.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobblers
and 10011c for Hens: Geese per pair. $1 25:
Goslings. nSQlW Ducks $3«4 'or old and
$34? t for young: Hens. $4*55 50; >»""«? Ro ° st f,nk
$4«5 50; Old Roosters, $3 30<S* °0: . F J> e J£j,, **®
3 50; Broilers, ?2 50(g3 for large and $1 50@2 for
small; Pigeons. $l 25® 1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 25(51 50 for Squabs. „ _ .
GAME— Doves. 50c per dozen; Cottontail Rab
bits, $1 25(31 SO.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry shows no changes worthy of note,
The market is eteady for good stock.
Potatoes continue to decline and some kinds
are down below cost of production. Onions,
too, are off again. There is no particular change
In Vegetables, supplies being ample for all
Sweet Potatoes appeared from the River,
offering- at 3c per 1b. _.,.„
POTATOES-Uarnet Chiles, EOc; New Earlj
Rose. 25@30c: Hurbanks. 35@50c for Rivera and
75£iS5c per ctl for Salinas.
ONION'S— YpIIow, S3ig-93c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Com. 65c«»l per sack.
US125 per crate for Berkeley and $1@1 W for
Alameda; Asparagus. 75c«/*3 per box: Green
Peas. 304c per lb: String Beans. 2©4C! Lima?
364c; Cabbage. 4Cg90c: Tomatoes. Rivers, 3^
60c: Buy. : Egg< Plant. 60@75c per box..
Green Okra. $1(?1 25: Green Peppers. 3»®<» c Pf r
box for Chili and 50«r75c for Bell; Dried Pep
pers, SQIOc: Carrots. 25©3SC per sack; bumnv-r
Squash. 40^COc for Alameila; Cucumbers 2jW*H:
for Alametla; Pickles, 3Si5i75c; Garlic. 2g3c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12@15 per ton.
]b for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4V4c; Ttmo-
$2 25®2 50; Green. $2 23
@2 CO per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Cheese, ctls /..'.. S23
Butter, ctls 308
Beans, sks 1.491
Potatoes, sks .... 4,941
Onions', sks 551
Bran, sks ........ $95
Middlings, sks .'. 1.20C
Pelts, Mis 123
Lime. bbl« 1S2
Sugar, ska 2w>
Quicksilver, flsks. 45
Wine, gala 37.150
Eggs, doz 17.220
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 26, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Foreign Futures.
8
Sun, Moon and Tide.
San rls*a
San Bets
il jon sets, new
0 Time! ITIme! jTlmel
» ! Ft. Ft.
? L, Wj H W JL. w!
j Ft.
2« ... 6:13'— ©.«! 12:18 5.1 6:CS!
n ... 8:53—0.3 12:53 6.J IJU\
23 ... 8:26 0.0 1:23! S.2 C:41i
H W L. W H W
21 ... 0:« 5.0 «:5« 0.5 2:0l!
30 ... 1:20 4.6 7:23! l.Ol 2:32!
31 ... f:U 4.2 7:-3! 1.4! J:02!
I ... 8:OS' 3.8! 8:26; 1.9j 3:32'
i 2.
! 6.
! 5.
( r
! 5!
1
a
.: :
.2'
.1
.0!
| 11:1
jn:s
! 8:1
I 9:0
! 9:S
U
n
17
M
a
Steamer.
! From.
.___
Matteawan
. ! Tacoma
t-ar.ta Kcsa
City of Puebla..
Crescent City...
.(San Diego
.Victoria
.(Crescent City..
Mackinaw
W. H. Krugfr..
.'Seattle
.{San Pedro
Alarr.<"1a
Point A'<»na....
Pel Nort*
Empire
iTureka
Coos Hay
Curacao
Victoria
Ptat* of Cal
Willamette ....
Orizaba
.'Australia
.{Point Arena
.'Portlanii
.|Coos Bay
.¦Huraboldt
.|Newport
.IMexlco
. ! Oyster Harbor.
.'Portland
.!S<-attl»
.'Humboldt
... J
.. J
E|
m
..;.T
Ar.ata
Corona
.I3an Diego
Walla Walla
City of Sydney.
Bonlta
.(Victoria
.IN«w York
.'Newport
Steamer, j Destination. J fails. J Fier.
Coptic (China & Japan! July 2«. 1 pm:PM39
Bonlta (Newport lJuljr K, SamiPler 11
Orlxaba ...|Humboldt |July 27. 2 pmJPler !
Columbia .. (Portland IJuly 27, n anPier 2'.
Abydos ....'Hamburg IJuly 27, 10 am.Pfer '
North ForklHumboldt (July 27. 9am;P!er '.
Santa Rou>an Uiego IJuly 2S. 11 am Pier 1]
Colon JNew York July 23. lpmiPMSS
Del Xorte... Portland IJuly 2S. SarnlPlerZ;
Coqullle R.. [Grays Harbor.'JuIy 2S, 3 pmi
XV" Kruger.JTlllamoolc IJuly 23, 12 m Pier 2
Eureka [HumboMt (July 23. lOara'Pler U'
Ft. Arena. . I Point Arena. -July 30, 2pmPl«r 1
Coos Bay. .(Newport July 30, 11 ansjPler U
I
I
:t
7
2
i
i
:)
•
.i
.1
Czarina ....(Seattle July SO |. .......
City Pueblal Victoria I July 30. ? ara Pifr I
Empire ]Coo» Bay IJuly 31. 13 amPler £
Corona [San r>1«»so tAutr. 1. 11 am Pier i:
Arcata J Coos Bay JAug. 1, 13 m Pier K
State Cal..f Portland JAuir. 1. 11 am' Pier 2^
J. Klmball.lCape N"ome...!Au?. 1 |
A
Steamer, j Destination. J fails. J Fier.
Coptic (China & Japan! July 2«. 1 pm:PM39
Bonlta (Newport lJuljr K, SamiPler 11
Orlxaba ...|Humboldt |July 27. 2 pmJPler !
Columbia .. (Portland IJuly 27, n anPier 2'.
Abydos ....'Hamburg IJuly 27, 10 am.Pfer '
North ForklHumboldt (July 27. 9am;P!er '.
Santa Rou>an Uiego IJuly 2S. 11 am Pier 1]
Colon JNew York July 23. lpmiPMSS
Del Xorte... Portland IJuly 2S. SarnlPlerZ;
Coqullle R.. [Grays Harbor.'JuIy 2S, 3 pmi
XV" Kruger.JTlllamoolc IJuly 23, 12 m Pier 2
Eureka [HumboMt (July 23. lOara'Pler U'
Ft. Arena. . I Point Arena. -July 30, 2pmPl«r 1
Coos Bay. .(Newport July 30, 11 ansjPler U
I
I
:t
7
2
i
i
:)
•
.i
.1
Czarina ....(Seattle July SO |. .......
City Pueblal Victoria I July 30. ? ara Pifr I
Empire ]Coo» Bay IJuly 31. 13 amPler £
Corona [San r>1«»so tAutr. 1. 11 am Pier i:
Arcata J Coos Bay JAug. 1, 13 m Pier K
State Cal..f Portland JAuir. 1. 11 am' Pier 2^
J. Klmball.lCape N"ome...!Au?. 1 |
A
San rls*a
San Bets
il jon sets, new
0 Time! ITIme! jTlmel
» ! Ft. Ft.
? L, Wj H W JL. w!
j Ft.
2« ... 6:13'— ©.«! 12:18 5.1 6:CS!
n ... 8:53—0.3 12:53 6.J IJU\
23 ... 8:26 0.0 1:23! S.2 C:41i
H W L. W H W
21 ... 0:« 5.0 «:5« 0.5 2:0l!
30 ... 1:20 4.6 7:23! l.Ol 2:32!
31 ... f:U 4.2 7:-3! 1.4! J:02!
I ... 8:OS' 3.8! 8:26; 1.9j 3:32'
i 2.
! 6.
! 5.
( r
! 5!
1
a
.: :
.2'
.1
.0!
| 11:1
jn:s
! 8:1
I 9:0
! 9:S
U
n
17
M
a
Steamer.
! From.
.___
Matteawan
. ! Tacoma
t-ar.ta Kcsa
City of Puebla..
Crescent City...
.(San Diego
.Victoria
.(Crescent City..
Mackinaw
W. H. Krugfr..
.'Seattle
.{San Pedro
Alarr.<"1a
Point A'<»na....
Pel Nort*
Empire
iTureka
Coos Hay
Curacao
Victoria
Ptat* of Cal
Willamette ....
Orizaba
.'Australia
.{Point Arena
.'Portlanii
.|Coos Bay
.¦Huraboldt
.|Newport
.IMexlco
. ! Oyster Harbor.
.'Portland
.!S<-attl»
.'Humboldt
... J
.. J
E|
m
..;.T
Ar.ata
Corona
.I3an Diego
Walla Walla
City of Sydney.
Bonlta
.(Victoria
.IN«w York
.'Newport
AUCTION SALES
SFECIAL SALS
UNIVERSITY STABLES at PALO ALTO,
Santa Clara County. Cal..
SATURDAY July 23
At 11 O'clock.
27 HORSEfc, 1 HACK. 4 3-SEATERS, PHAE-
TONS SAFE. HARNESS. ROBES. RUCK-
AWAYS. WHIPS, etc.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers.
Office— 327 Sixth Street.
walls and floor, for a four-story and baseman -
brick building, on SW line of B«*la street. ZX:1
NW of Mission. NW 45 by SW 137:6 J2270.NEW BOARD OF MANAGERS
AT NAPA IS REPUBLICAN
WOODLAND. July 2T..— John Wilson, a pris
oner in the County Jail awaiting trial for a
local burglary, last night was Identified by
Charles C. McClaujrhrey. warden of the State
Prison at Waupun. Wls.. as John Wilson, alias
John. Carroll, alias Michael McNuttin.'an es
caped convict from the Wisconsin penitentiary
at V/aupun. Wilson was arrested here July 13
In the act of burglarizing S. Dunton's house.
He was confined in the County Jail an.1 recog
nized by a description as an escape from the
Wisconsin penitentiary. He will be- taken back
at once to serve twelve years of an unexplreJ
sentence of fifteen yeara. He escaped from
prison January £> Ia3t,
SAN JOSE. July 23.— Two cottases were de
stroyed by fire and two others badly damaged
en Dupont street, near the narrow-gauge de
pot, at i o'clock this morning:. IX. E. Kilcourre
and Dominic ?plnelli owned the two houses.
Their loss will be about J1000 each. They saved
their furniture. The cottages «hat were dam
aged belong to F. Chilena and his loss will
be about VjOO on the buildings.
PORTLAND. Or., July 23.— A woman who
had given her name as Sadie Calhoun
committed suicide in East Portland pome time
be-tween Monday e^enins and Tuesday. Her
body was found to-day. A Urpe bottle of car
bolic acid with three-fourths of the contents
gone was found beside the body. She is said
to have come here recently from, Grayson
County, Texas.
SACRAMENTO. July 23.— Policeman Lo«ue
attempte.1 to arrest a Japanese for petty lar
ceny this evenlnsf. when the latter attacked the
officer with a razor, slashing his coat in seven
places and inflicting a (?ash eight inches long
on Logue's shoulder. The Japanese was ja!l»d.
SANTA CRUZ. July 23.— Bishop Warren Of
Denver, Bishop o* the Methodist Episcopal
church, who has been in China and under
stands the Chinese question, lectured this
evening on the Oriental empire at the Metho
dist church.
SANTA CRl'Z. July S.-Xo cltrw has been
obtained in regard to the Aptos station rob
bery, but Detective Hume of the ¦\VelIs-Fargo
force and two railroad detectives are at Aptttf
working on the care.
HOLLTSTER. July 13.— Georite Ward, a r.egro.
asred ?i was ir.Mantlv killed this afternoon
while assistinir In the moving of a thrashing
outnt. A Jerrick fork struck him in the back
and penetrated his bc«ly.
VALLEJO. July 23.— The working force at
Mare Island is being Increased daily, proba-
My to be rrepared fir emergency work that
may be ordered. Twenty-five meciianics and
helpers are being sent for to-day.
PAN RAFAEL. July -23.— Manuel Mnrris. the
boy burglar if this city, was to-day sentenced
to thlrtj- days' Imprisonment in the ttounty Jail
by Recorder Gardner.
COAST BREVITIES.
San Francisco Supervisors' Water
Committee Finishes Its Tour
and Will Keturn To-Day.
Fpeoinl Pirratch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, July 25.— The water
investigation committee of the Supervis
ors of Pan Francisco arrived here last
night, after a three-days' trip across the
main ridge of the Sierras, a distance of
1C0 miles. Stops were made at Sierra City,
Dov.nic-ville, Camptonville and other
points, and the character and flow of tho
Yiiba River and Its tributaries were
noted. The r f servoir at Alabama Bar
and the one proposed to be built in Ore
gon House Valley were carefully inspect
ed. At the latter point the Marysville
and Nevada Power Company has offered
to convey 10,0*) miners' inches of water
into the immense reservoir, from which
it cin be delivered to San Francisco at a
fall of 700 feet.
Yuba River, however, does not impress
the party as favorably ns Lake Tahoe.
Above I)ownieville the waters of the
former Ptream became muddv and did not
clear for miles. The members of the
commission believe there will be even
more litigation over the Yuba River di
version than that of Lake Tahoe.
To-night tho party is being entertained
by the city officials of Marysville and a
general good time is being enjoyed. At
2 o'clock to-morrow morning the party
will start for San Francisco, arriving
at 8.
Train Goes Through Burning Bridge.
gpeeial IMffatch t0 The Call.
WILLIAMS, Ariz.. July 25.— A serious
accident occurred on the Santa Fe and
Pacific at 11:30 this morning at Maine,
sixteen miles east of Williams. A bridge
was burning out. at that point, when a
long freight train came down the grade,
making last time. No warning had been
given and the train ran on the bridge.
The engine crossed safely, but the three
cars following plunged through the bridge
and were burned. No one was injured.
Trains are all delayed awaiting the re
pair of the bridge.
SACRAMENTO. July f 25.— By the
wrecking of a freight train to-night at
Soda Springs station near the Summit on
the Central Pacific line. Engineer Frank
Downing was killed and a track walker
whese name cannot be learned was bad
ly injured. Downing leaves a widow and
two children In this city.
INSPECT THE YUBA
AND ITS TRIBUTARIES
their way to the fishing grounds
up the coast and were about fifteen
miles from this city. The boat was
making pood time as there was a
stiff breeze in spite or a brisk sea.
Suddenly a huge wave broke over
the beat and washed Buelna Into
the sea.
Perez was unable to bring the
boat about quickly owing to the
wind and sea, and it was half an
hour before he managed to reach
Buelna. The latter was a good
swimmer, however, and held his
own until Perez brought his craft
alongside and hauled Buelna In.
It was a thrilling experience and
one that Buelna is not , likely to
forget.
a water}' grave. ?
Buelna and A. Perez were on ?
Special rDlreatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 23.— Joseph
Buelna. a fisherman, had an excit
ing experience at sea yesterday,
and to his swimming ability and
robust frame Is due his escape from
FISHERMAN BATTLES
FOR LIFE IN THE SEA
OFF SANTA CRUZ COAST
DES MOINES, July 25.— John MacDon
ald; a former resident of Creston. Iowa,
while in Montana five years ago. became
involved in a quarrel and killed a man.
He claimed he acted in self-defense. He
was convicted of murder and sentenced
to the penitentiary for life,
MacDonald's daughter, now 12 years old.
lives at Creston. Knowing that ex-Sena
tor Clark would be at the Democratic Na
tional Convention, the girl raised enough
money to buy a ticket and went to Kan
sas City.' She called on Senator Clark
and told her story. He made her his
guest and promised to help her. Later,
after investigation, ho instructed his at
torneys in Montana to- present the case
to the Board of Pardons. Word reached
here, to-day that a pardon had been
granted MacDonald.
PARDON GRANTED TO
JOHN MACDONALD
Overturned Lamp Causes Destruction
of a Pacific-Street I/Odging-
House and Saloon.
i- ire i>roKe out in tne tour-story irame
building occupied by Manuel Gomez a? a
saloon and sailers' lodging house at 416
Pacific street last night. The building,
which was badly gutted, was one of the
oldest in the city. The age of the struc
ture caused it to burn like tinder and for
a time it seemed a serious fire was im
minent. . Chief Sullivan, on arriving at
the scene, caused a second alarm to be
turned in. and the blaze was confined to
the building in which it originated.
The fire was caused by the overturning
of a lamp in the room of Jose Silva on the
top floor. Silva attempted to extinguish
the flames himself, but they got beyond
his control and he shouted for help. Po
liceman Skain and Special Joseph Gillen
aroused all the inmates and heroically
made their way to the top f'.oor of the
building and rescued John Fallon and
wife, an aged couple who were asleep.
The department found much difficulty
in fighting the fire even when an ad
ditional relay of engines arrived. The
loss will reach $2000.
OLD LANDMARK MAKES
FOOD FOR THE FLAMES
ARMY VETERANS
AND MASONS OF
HIGH STATION
Reuben H. Lloyd Entertains
a Band of Patriots at
Bohemian Club.
Major General Shatter, a comrade of
General Smith in the Civil War, related
incidents of the Santiago campaign and
modestly gave the honors of the victory
to the soldiers of his command.
Lieutenant Governor NefT and Joseph
C. Campbell were entertaining. Mr.
Lloyd's guests at the dinner were: Gen
eral J. C. Smith. Major General William
R. Shafter. U. S. A.; Lieutenant Gover
nor Jacob H. Neff. Alex G. llawes. W. O.
Gould. Jcseph Campbell. Frank W. Sum
ner. Charles L. Field. B. P. Flint. William
A. Davles. Hugh M. Burke. John F. Mer
rill. A?a R. Well?. Harry F. Gould, Wai
ter Campbell. S. D. Mayer. C. L. Gago
and Dan Lawrence. The Hawaiian Band
discoursed music. Songs were sung by
the Golden Gate Quartet, composed .if
Walter Campbell. S. D. Mayer. C. L. Gage
and Dan Lawrence. The table was beau
tifullv decorated. In the preparation ci
the feast the ho?t had the support of Ma
jor Raphael Weil!, formerly oi Major Gen
eral Hallecks staff.
There were many clever and instructive
remark3. An expression of American sen
timent, embracing tributes to the flag ar.tl
mention of the civilizing influence of the
United States was a notable feature of
the speeches. General Smith told of his
travels in a narrative style charming in
simplicity and wonderfully fascinating.
He found In India much to engage his
mind. The spread of Masonry in Kgypt
was the theme of extended observation.
The. dinner given last evening In the
red room of the Bohemian Club by Reu
ben H. Lloyd in compliment to General
John C. Smith of Chicago, waa an inter
esting function. The host and the chief
guest occupy exalted positions in Mason
ry. Mr. Lloyd is the commander of the
army cf 13.000 Knights Templar in the
United States. General Smith has trav
eled extensively throughout the world and
observed the characteristics of Masonry
In every, land under the sun.
Chow, Lee Falls a Victim to Thieves
While Returning From
a Banquet.
A Chinese woman named Chow Lee," re
piding on SpoiTord alley, was held up and
robbed in a building at the corner of Pa
cific and Dupont streets shortly before
1 o'clock Monday morning. All of her
jewels, valued at over $300, were taken.
The matter was reported at the Cali
fornia-street police station, but as yet
no arrests have been made.
The woman, adorned with much finery,
visited the building on the invitation of
a Chinese friend to attend a banquet.
After the banquet the pair started to go.
They had hardly reached the foot of the
Ptaifs when the woman waa seized by her
companion and heM. Three other China
men soon joined them, and a gag was
placed in the captive's mouth. Her hands
and feet were then tied, and the thieves
relieved her of all her Jewelry and made
their escape.
The woman was discovered by the po
lir>« hnlf an hour afterward.
WOMAN WAYLAID AND
ROBBED OF JEWELS
SCHOLARS ASKED
TO HELP IN THE
GRAND JUBILEE
Position Assigned in Line
to Society of California
Pioneers.
Th? parade committee cf the Kerci-c*n
tTr.ial celebration of the golden Jubilee
of California is endeavoring to enlist the
Board of Education to co-operate with it
in th<» display to be made on the 10th of
t=eptemb*r. At the session of the board
yesterday W. M. Wilkens and E. C. Stock
of the sub-committee appointed to waft
on the board addressed the members on
the subject of having the children of the
public Fchools of this city placed at va
rious points alor.g the line of the parade,
each school with its distinctive banner,
end the children provided with small
American flags, fo that the thousands of
Ktrargtrs who will be in the city may
have an or>r»ortur.lty to Fee the school pop
t:;a:ion of San Francisco. The board re-
Jcrred the matter to Superintendent Web
bU r. and he will give an early response
mm to what action will be taken upon the.
suggestion.
Dolor* .« P.-irlor No. 20S will turn out 1»
members in the parade in white suits
•with r"d trimmings and white caps, with
the name of the parlor upon th.- same.
They will carry a new banner which is
being prepared for Admission day.
Mount Tamalpais Parlor has advised
beadouarten that it will parade not less
than seventy men in dark blue uniforms.
It will have "several distinctive features in
Htv- hut does not desire to announce
them as yet. as it dors not wish other or
f ar.ization? to pattern after It.
Solano Parlor has appointed Edward
DiDkdtpiel, Dr. J. T. Foster. E. E. Long.
<\ I». Mayfleld and A. M. Trainor as its
celebration committee. This commute,?
¦will wait upon the Itoard of Supervisors
rf Folan" County and ask it to co-ope
rate with the parlor to the end that the
coumy shall be represented in the big
iiftival. J. B. ItoWnaon'wa* appointed as
:.: -I to the grand marshal.
Plao-rvin*- Parlor No. f« has appointed
a committee of rive to mak" all necessary
arrangements for participation by the
;.;.>n«<r psrlor of the mountain counties
¦ f i ?allfornla in the semi-centennial cele-
Ex-Police Officer Timothy C. Calnan.
charged with horsestealing. failed to an
swer when his case was called In Judge
Conlan's Court yesterday. The Judge
continued the matter for one week and
declared that the bonds would be for
feited If Calnan did not appear at that
time, nanlei Hartnett and William Gib
bon*, the bondsmen, have little hope of
Calnan being found.
Calnan Did I.ot Appear.
Mrs. W. Bertuzzi. of 1-J44 Landers
Ftreet. reported at the Seventeenth-Street
police station yesterday afternoon ;hat
a. burglar had gained entrance to her
house an>'. stolen $.13 from a bureau
drawer. Detectives Fitzgerald and Gra
ham later In the evening arrested Edward
Rowe and Attila Rcvegno, two boy*,
neither over 15 years of age, and charged
them with the crime. They confessed.
Youthful Burglars Arrested.
Captain Perks was for many years In
the employ of the Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company and the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company. During the Span
ish-American war he was captain of the
transport IJrutus. He leaves besides hiB
wife an S-year-old daughter. He was a
nalive of Knglnnd. aged 58 years. His
home was at 1K5 Park street.
When Captain Porks left San Francisco
May 31. in command of the Egbert, for
merly the hospital ship Missouri, he was
In poor health on account of heart trou
ble. It was hoped that the change to the
climate of Alaska would improve his con
dition. He grew wor*e instead of better,
and on the 2d Inst. was found dead in his
stateroom.
The funer3l will be held to-morrow aft
err.oon from the Masonic Temple in San
Francisco, the interment to be in Pre
sidio Cem«tery.
Captain Perks Dies.
LAMEDA. July 25.-^aptaln Ed
// \\ ward Perks, well known in mari
jj time circles on the Pacific Coast,
passed away suddenly on July 2
on board the United States transport Eg
bert, while the steamer, which was under
his command, was lyin? off St. Michael.
Alaska. Captain Perks' wife was with
him at the time of his death. The re
main?, accompanied by Mrs. Perks, were
brought to Keattie by the transport Athe
nian at:d from there shipped by rail to
San Francisco.
At tht meeting of the parade committee
last night it was decided to give the So
ciety of California Pioneers the lead of
all fraternal associations.
Alamfda Parlor, being the pioneer of all
the parlors in Alameda County, will bc
given the right of line in the division to
which it will be assigned.
The committee received a communica
tion from the Board of Public Works an
nouncing that on the day of the parade
the streets on the line of march will be
in perfect condition, free from obstruc
tions and in good repair.
bration. The boy? from Placerville have
secured headciuarters in the Alcazar build
ing.
Charlrs Turner, chairman of the naval
parade committee, yesterday submitted to
Vice Commodore Captain G. I^ale th-?
plan of the first event of the festivities,
which will be on the night of the Sth of
September. There will be a grand parad-;
of decorated and illuminated vessel? alon,;
the water front. At the north of the ferry
fairways there will be a semicircle of
vesseJs with the Marion at one end of t'se
circle and the Pensacola at the other end.
All the vessels will display lights of the
colors of the celebration— fed. white, blue
and gold. V\"ithin that circle tht-re will be
a show of illuminated vessels and vessels
frrm which there will he a display ci
fireworks. It is proposed to decorate the
entire water front from Powell-street
wharf to Folpom stre-ft with flags and
lantern?, and if the committee can obtain
the appropriation it will ask for there will
be an electric light display along the front
in addition to the display on the ferry
building. There will be a promenade con
cert in the nave of the ferry building,
which is to be tastefully decorated and
brilliantly illuminated.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Chang-es and List of Pen
sions Granted.
Special Dippatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July ?5.— The post
office at West Chehalem. Yamhill County,
Oregon, is discontinued. Mall should be
sent to Gaston.
Postmasters appointed: California. San
Ardo, Monterey County. F. I. Dudley,
vice Columbus Carlton. resigned: West
ville Placer County. J. C. Dodda, vice
W. M. Cameron, resigned.
Rural free delivery will be established
August 1 at Loomis r Placer County. Cal-
U p r e^isibns' issued to-day: California-Re
newal and increase— Joseph M. Chase,
Pomelo, $14. Increase-George W. Taylor,
National Soldiers' Home,' Los^ Angeles.
SU; William B. Swigart. San Diego JS:
John Whalin, Oakland. $10. Original
widow— Helen Harlow, Los Angeles. $2a.
War with Spain— Louis H. Barien, San
Francisco. $6. , -•' -
Oregon— Original— Tilman H. Harnman.
Elgin $8: Frank Kiefer. Tlllamook, $5.
Increase— Jasnrr Garner, Elgin, $S; Jor
dan Fuqua, Willlamina, **.
Washington— George M. Carpenter,
Kincston. $6.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
SANTO DOMINGO. July 25.— Governor
Caseres of Santiago de los Caballeros has
been flred upon by an assassin. Many ar
reFts have been made.
President Jiminez is on a voyage to the
northern provinces.
ASSASSINS AT WORK
IN SANTO DOMINGO
California Cured Fruit Association of
San Jose Issues Its Second
Bulletin.
SAN* JOSE. July 25.— The California
Cured Fruit Association issued its second
bulletin to-day. It is as follows:
The conditions that existed relative to the
prune drop when our last bulletin was Issued
still continue. The "June drop" has been ex
tended into a "July drot>." The causes that
operated to produce the heavy drcp have also
affected many prunes that will remain on the
trees until the first packing. The complaint of
defective prunes is quite general. Reports from
some sections also are that the prunes are
nankins largely on the ends «f the limbs. These
conditions serve to diminish considerably the
crop estimate made ten days ago.
There is a notable lack of uniformity In the
condition of prune orchards. In some the fruit
Is laree and in prime condition. In others small
and containing much that Is blighted This will
result in a wide difference In the quality of the
fruit offered for sale. All fruits are ripening
much earlier than usual. Prune picking will
commence In many sections by August 1.
Growers are advised that a thorough system
of inspection is being inaugurated to prevent
blighted and defective fruit from b»ing mar
keted It wlU. therefore, be to their advantage
and save the Inspectors much annoyance If the
defective and blighted fruit, which usually
drops first, is picked up and destroyed or fed to
hoes In Drevious years this fruit has been
worked off on the market at some rricf.' to
the detriment of the fruit Industry of this State
No defective or diseased fruit will be received
or marketed by the association.
Harvesting of the peach crop has already
commenced. The crop Is large and the fruit
promises to be of rood average Quality. •
The apricot crop Is practically gathered. The
fruit runs to small sizes, but of prime quality.
The canners have absorbed much of the largest
a \ moderate summer temperature prevails
throughout the State and condition* are favor
able to the further m*turinz of deciduous
ip-pVident Bond to-day appointed I*. M.
Bond'as head bookkeeper and George Gil
man head inspector of the association. A
salary of $2000 per year is attached to the
positions. ••
CONDITION OF THE PRUNE,
PEACH AND APRICOT CROPS
OAKLAND, July £5.— David fry. for
half a century one of the leading business
men of Alameda County, died at noon to
day at his home in San Leandro. Mr.
Ury commenced business In -San Leandro
in 1ST^, establishing the first market. By
his thrift and tact ho built up a large
wholesale and retail trade In meats,
amassing a comfortable fortune. He has
been identified with many successful en
terprises.
Mr. fry's lodge affiliations brought him
ir.to prominence, particularly through his
active connection with the order of B'nai
B'rith. He was also prominent in tr3
A. O. U. "W. and Odd Fellows' lodges of
San Iy»andro.
Death was the result of old age. the
deceased being 73 years old. A year ago
Mr. l.'ry's wife died, since which time he
has been greatly depressed, the mental
trouble he suffered having served to
weaken his phvsical condition.
Eight children survive Mr. Vry. They
are Isaac Ury of Los Angeles. Solomon,
Felix. Aaron and Joseph Try of Pan
Leandro: Mrs. Cournan and Mrs. Wal
lace of Oakland, ar.d Miss Sarah fry, of
San Leandro. He was a native of Eng
land.
The time for the funeral has not yet
been set.
DAVID URV DIES AT
HIS SAN LEANDRO HOME
TIIK Bhrtner** excursion to the Ha
waiian Islands, in October, under
the auspices of Islam Temple, A. A.
O. O. T. M. S.. is quickening the
soblea comprtelnc the membership into
wonderful activity. The committees in
charge are kc-rt busy answering letters
;.:.i telegrams from the Interior and in
t • ¦ frcra the resident members. There
r.ive been various rumors circulated
•;ve to the Zealardia, the steamer of
the Oceanic Steamship Company, charter
• if'- the excursion, one being to the ef
¦ | the. vessel would be used as a
transport and that the needs of the
•1 States Government for ships would
: --itat* the abandonment of the ex
<--..r-.- a. The company has given the as
;- trance to R. P. Hurlbut. potentate of
7s. an Tf-mple. that the Zealandia will take
the Fhriner? to the islands, agreeable to
terms of the contract, which is now
a matter of fnct.
Tb« occur*! oa ftfamer is to h* com
: U ••::•• ©v»-rhaul*<i. paint<vl. refurnished
fetal r«-fsTtf-<i Jr.tpriorly and be rut in p'r
f'-i i condition for the trip, fo that th»
raoet fastidious excursionist will have
comfort assured.
Tbe general committee having charge
of the • ••• r.t. in order to avoid crowding
has limited the sal* 3 of ti^kf-ts on the Z*>a
• i to CZZ. which range in price from
: ;.- :•> 1X39 according to location on thc
vessel. Th* ir.riir-au'ir.s arc that there will
}¦< a jrr*-at*>r ncxsber of applications for
tickets :!.an the limit fixed and to meet
the demand, cr.c hundred and seventy
applications having already been filed. '
arrangements have been made by ¦which
excursionist? who desire may go on a
Bbriner ticket en the Ft<?am>-r that will
fail before the Zealandia starts and by
which those holding such tickets will
have the right at any time in thirty days
after the Zoalandia ptarts on the return
trip to this city to come home on any of
he regular steamers of the line. The as
sembly ha!l on the excursion steamer is
The idea of such an excursion is to say
the least a unique and novel one. and it
is predicted that this pleasure trip to our
recently acquired island possessions will
inaugurate a permanent travel during the
summer seasons hereafter which will be
taken advantage of by Californians and
others who desire to enjoy a change of
scene somewhat out of the ordinary and
under the most pleasant conditions pos
sible.
to be enlarged so that it will have a depth
of seventy feet. In this on the trip down
and back there will be given a series of
dramatic and musical events and Ben
nett's orchestra will furnish the music.
At Hilo and Honolulu the entertainment
will be on those princely lines for which
the Shriners arc noted and will consti
tute a round of unalloyed delight. Various
islands In the group -will be visited and
wherever the United States flag floats it
will be saluted. The islanders, whether
native or settlers, will, without much dif
rtculty, be convinced that the Shriners
are strictly in it. On the trip there will
be issued a newspaper which will give a
full and correct record of the events of
the excursion.
The following committees have charge
of the excursion:
General committee— R. P. Hurlbut. chairman.
Transportation— J.ihn D. Sjpreckels. C. S. Ben
edict. John M. Curtis.
Entertainment— J. Harry Scott. II. D. Love
land. J. A. Marsh.
Festival— O.eirse F. Neal, Thomas Morton,
William Pierce.
J. H. (initiman is the secretary of all the
committees.
Andrew "Wilkie Jr., the contractor for
the new postoffice at the ferries, is in a
peck of trouble. The building is nearing
completion and there is due him on it
about $S000. At- the meeting of the com
missioners yesterday claims aggregating
$12,0^0 were presented and the board was
notified not to pay Wilkie the balance due
him. The American Bonding and Trust
Company also served a notice on the
Commission. It is on "Wilkie's bond for
$12,000. so the Harbor Commissioners will
not suffer in any way.
President Charles S. Nell of the Xorth
Beach Improvement Club asked the
board where the Pacific Steam Naviga
tion Company, whose steamers will begin
running here from South and Central
American ports in a month or so, would
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The polico station formerly located on
Meiggs wharf and later at section B of
the seawall has been abolished. Sergeant
Steve Bunner has been transferred to the
California-street station and Policeman
W. Ferguson to the Harbor station.
On the LW inst. a new law went into
effect which prohibits anybody but the
owner or agent of a vessel and the cus
toms authorities from boarding a vessel
until she has been passed by the doctor
and the customs inspector. Under the old
law runners and- agents for various fi'-ms
used to crcwd aboard incoming vessels.
It was to keep these runners under con
trol that the police had always to be con
veniently at hand.
The crowd was so great that the steam
er could not be cleared until after 2 p. rn.,
and for the first time in a year Captain
Howard sent the mail boat, away ten
minutes late.
THERE was an Immense crowd down
on the Oceanic Company's wharf
yesterday to see the steamer Austra
lia away. Two parties with hosts of
friends were aboard and their presence
nearly doubled the usual throng that at
tends upon the departure of the mail boat.
Judge Morris M. Estee and his wife.
Miss M. Ryan, "W. B. Mailing and J. C.
Balrd and his son composed one of the
parties. Mr. Estee goes to Honolulu to
assume the duties of United States Dis
trict Judge of Hawaii. Miss Ryan will be
his private secretary, Mr. Mailing will be
clerk of the court and Mr. Baird will be
United States District Attorney. Nearly
all the members of the Union League Club
and a host of attorneys were down to see
Judge tlstee away.
The other party was composed of Prince
David Kawananakoa, Samuel Parker 1 and
W. H. Cornwall. The latter were dele
gates from Hawaii to the Democratic con
vention at Kansas City and are now on
their way home. The Hawaiian quartet
and a host of Hawaiian and other promi
nent residents of the city were down to
see them away.
be accommodated. He was Informed
that the new line would be accommodated
at or.e of the new wharves to be built at
the north end. _ '
Beadle Bros., Charles Nelson and the
Kimball Steamship Company asked to be
assigned Pier 2 i Mission street* as soon
as "Williams, Dimond & Co. give it up.
The request was placed on file.
Water Front Notes.
The steamer Charles I>. Lane got away
for Nome last nlcht. All her difficulties
were adjusted for~the time beingr. and the
vessel pot away without any trouble.
Captain ¦Warner took the vessel out.
Tuesday night he sent in his resignation,
but yesterday morning the directors of
the Wild Goose Minin? and Trading Com
pany persuaded him to withdraw It and
rprniitn in mmmnnfi-
Frank Anderson, a teamster. was
caught trvirs to get away with snir.?
fruit on Jackson-street wharf by Officer
Berry yesterday. When he saw the
policeman coming Anderson ran. but was
caught at the corner of Mission jard
Steuart. When cornered he drew a pun,
but was promptly disarmed. At the Har
bor police station he was charged with
carrying a concealed weapon and als.i
with exhibiting a deadly weapon and
using threatening language.
The Sacramento river steamer Modoc
did not pet in until 2 p. m. yesterday and
the Herald went out In her place. Thu
Modoc stuck Jn the mud above Rio'Vlst**.
Captain T. M. Marden goes north in a
few days to take command of the b.irker.
tlne Addenda. He replaces Captain De
lano, who goea as master of the new,
barkentine John Palmer.
The Hawaiian Quartet
Sang Sweet Songs as
the Vessel Swung Out
Bound for Their Island
Home.
Immense Crowd Gath
ers to Bid Godspeed
to the Jurist — Prince
David Kawananakoa
Leaves for His Island
Home.
To Avoid Crowding the
Number of Tickets to
Be Sold Will Be Lim
ited by Those Having
Affair in Hand.
Nobles Alert in Making
Arrangements for the
Journey to the Para
dise of the Pacific in
October.
JUDGE ESTEE SAILS ON THE
AUSTRALIA FOR HONOLULU
Zealandia, Which Is to
Carry Merry Throng,
Will Be Completely
Overhauled for the
•Jolly Trip.
?
Hilo and Honolulu Will
Provide Entertainment
on Princely Scale for
Those Making Peace
ful Invasion.
MYSTIC SHRINFRS ARF ACTIVELY
PREPARING FOR OCEAN EXCURSION
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 26, 1900.
Dr. Hennessay and Lewis Martin Are
the Appointees Who Succeed
Harris and Barcar.
NAPA. July 2S.— Dr. E. Z. Hennessey of
this city received his commission to-<lay
as a membe: of the Board of Managers
for the Napa State Hospital, vice Henry
Harris, term expired. Lewis Martin of
Sacramento has also been appointed a
member of the board, vice Raleigh Bar
ear, term expired. These two appoint
ments were made by Governor Gage
Tuesdav. Hennessey took the oath of of
fice this afternoon. He Is a Republican
and succeeds a Democrat. Martin Is in
the emplov of the Southern Pacific Com
pany at Sacramento. These two new
members will take their seats at the
August meetinc of the Board of Man
agers. The appointment of Hennessey as
a member of the board makes it Republi
can, the other two Republicans Dein^
Washburn and LamdUn.
MORBIS M. ESTEE ON" THE DECK OP THE ATJSTRAT.TA,
OFFICERS AUD COMMITTEEMEU" IN CHARGE.
9
GRAPE-NUTS. •£
oovCroo c-£-£>vO czx&o ceosescM^ojc*:*
I Cool Food. I
v Ready Cooked g
o Delicious o
V ¦/:: . . 8
s y
i firape=Nuts I
•? p.THE SA3f FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 26, 1 900.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BtTFrXEKS OFFICE of Th« Ban FrandKX
Call, corner of Marfcvt and Third etrwts. oper
until U o'clock »>very night In the yew..
BRAN<*H OmCES-.T Moatgornerr "treef,
comer C!»y; op^n until 9:39 jx m.
Sf<0 Hayes rtrret; open until S:SJ p. El.
CSS McAllister Bireet: op»-n until »:S0 p. tn.
CIS Laj-Uln str»^t: open until 9:58 p. m.
3W1 illt-sl.m irtree-t: opra until 10 p. la.
ZSa. Mission strret. corn«r Slxt«enUi; opes
tatil • p. rn.
106 Eleventh rtre^t: op*a until J p. in.
JX>« Valrncia rtrfet : open until » x>- m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second tnd Kea-
turky Ftr-eer?; open catll ? p. m.
MCKTIXU .\OTICES.
GODFREY ~VE PT. OMAR t»HPg
Council Xa 1, Knights KaJos-h. Ihgr
A. anj A. *?.. rile of Free- fiL -jPjl— ¦ -fa
masonry. All member* are here- JSX^sSTXSf
by notified to ait-rvd a'. Com- Up^Sji iiB
roandery HaJl, Masonic Temple. 'Ret
on THURSDAY EVENING. fj^gjS
Ju!y ti. at S oVljck sharp. Gon-
UtrrinK of the 2Mb. degree.
CHARLIES L. .PATTON. Preceptor of K»-
UENRT B'JRXEH, Socrrtnry pro tern.
JM2SSXO9? Chapter No. 7», R- A. il.— M
i^^-ia.1 mmung TUJS iTHCRSDAT) -af\r
EVENING, T:8v o'clock. Milieu Ma-Tg jT
e or.ic Temple. 2GCS Mission st. Royal f TT i
Arch di'grep. Uy order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ¦
M-. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) J%-
EVEMXG, July 26. at 7:rt) o'clock. /L/\
j-jrs-i cegree. Uy order of the Master. *
FRA.NKU.V IL DAT. S«»cretaj-r.
OCCIDI7NTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A- o
HI., win rct-K Tin? (THURSDAY) _JV_
AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock to attend JLjZ
the funeral of our deceased brother, ' v '
janVAlU) CHARLES PKRICS. Matter
Mssroji lnvlu-d. Funeral corcmlttee p'.ease
taLc not iee.
\Y\LTnn G. AXDimsON. Secretary.
FIDE14TT I*>3ce No. 1ST. T. nnd A. m
il.— Special nieeUnj THIS iTHUR^- _*\_
DAT) KYKM.NX; a'. 7:1^ o'clock. Third JLj<
decree. Jiast. r M*— * cord laJ !y In- / \r '
vit<"<2. E>" order of tho "IV. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
BOt'TH fan Francisco Lodre No. 212. «
F. and A. M.. n.oets THIS OTJUIIS- i^
DAY» rrVEXIXiJ at 7:3* o'clock t°T JZj?
Second oegree- Ji.r order of the Master, '^ry
H. C. HAKE, Secretary.
DORIC LMs* No. 236. F. and A. iL- o
filial na^tin? THIS iTHURSDAV) _#V_
KVKNING at 7 o'clock pbarp. Second >SJJf
<2<*Kree- Sojourning brethren a^e in- «v^
vited. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
Gj:i!JUXJA L.«iffe No. US. L O. O. «»»);»
F. — Tbe funeral committee, of-
fioers" and member* are invited to
attend the furural of our late ''•
br<-th*T. HKNHV KRaNKK. FRIDAY. July
i'T. l:S0 r- m. at O. F\ Hall, corner Serentfa
ac<1 MaiVet f!f. LOUIS WINTER, X. G.
EVIL MEMniKR. R. a
PAOFIC Lr,4se No. 153. I. O. O. F. ,«"?*£>%.
¦ .-. -r .>:.,; :-¦• -• bers p_ri» notified
to att«r-.d the funeral of nar late I^S5©B?5'
timther, .TOHN ARGALL. on ?Wi«*
FRIDAY. Stir 27. T*C. Afsemble In Prospect
j;j". at 1:30 p. tn.
FJUXK P. ASITWORTH, Noble Grand.
FRANK V. MAC15ETH, Iiec. Bee
THE S.~F. Scottish Thistle Club v <y~C"
meets THIS < THURSDAY) EVEN- JS i>J
ING. Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell > «C^k*^
fit., at S o'clock. "Smoker" follown. '¦'C?*
JOHN RO5S, Royal Chief.
GEORGE "VT. PATERSON. Rocorder.
ANNTAL ineetintr — The regnlar annual meet-
ing: of the *tr»-kho;<1*Ts of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Coir.;>ar.y will be held at the oCice of
company. BJ Market St.. San Francisco.
Cal.. on "WEDNESDAY, the 1st day of Au-
grutn, ltOO. at the hour of 21 o'clock forenoon.
for the p-jrpr-se of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and
the transaction of fuch other business ia
may come before the meeting.
E. H. SHKLIXjN. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING.
The Rlsoon Iron and Locrrnotive Works. — The
BTirxal raeetins of the stockholders of the R:»-
don Iron and Locomotive \\orli«. for tbe elec-
tion of trustees fr>r the ernttilng year and the
transaction of Fuch other business ae may be
brocght lv>fcre the meetir.K. will be h»ld at tha
office of the company, southeast corner of Beale
tn<5 Howard Pts.. San Francisco, on MONDAY.
the Cth day cf August, 1S00, at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MKAD, Reoretarj'-
fJOO.000 to loan on diamonds, watches, pllverware.
Ft-aiskiny. guns. Uncle Harrla. 15 Grant ave.
ACEXTS WANTED.
$£r«W CAN l>e m^*j** during next 6 months by
liuftllr.R agents handling our white an<l fancy
rubber coilam. cuffs. Uoporn*. neckties; patent-
ed, guaranteed goods; lnclo&g stamp for rpe-
c^al pian M Ai: . Mis. Co.. Springfield. Mass.
TEN Al Folicltcrs to sell mining stock: terms
ma£e satiffactury to the right parties. Amer-
lcar. Erploration Co. Branch Office, Claus
fpreckelo huildlng, San Francisco. *
M~Tl handle newest nove!tl°s for a«rents. PA-
C1FIC AGENTS' BUPPLT CO., 3»61 ISth Et.
AGENTS fif ,-ibilitj- and experience In life insur-
anre. fall at rc^m 101. 197 Markrt. cor. Sixth.
ATTORNEVS AT LAW.
XL W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market et..
room 627; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all oa«<»s; fair fees:
no advance charges; money loaned en estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
n> fee without pucceBs; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SM Market, cor. Stockton.
CITSTEH. HERMAN J.. attorney. !27 Market ,
«.. r. ."2J; open e\-e., 7-S; consultation free* :
FltEE aivice; divorce lawe. damasea, eftateg, i
collect ior.B. J. A. Mltrhell. 214 Montgomery.
Al'VICI^free; no charge unlepo eucceseful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market el., opp. Maacn.
L. S. i'LAKK, Emma FpreckPls bldg.. S27 Mar-
k«*t ft.; consultation fry*: n-> feeg in advance ]
IJA1II CABIXKT&
ROBINSON TZ. 4-pan«l foMinp: door opens; firm I
tnd safe. W. S. DROWN, pen. agt., 426 Ellis, j
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOHILES — KRED WAHLt & SON, !
Aprr.ts. If Frem-.nt ft. '¦
> I
UKLO1AN 1IAH1>.
A NUMBER of flne does at low price*; bred to j
<ur finen bucks; LORD EDINL'ORO (imp.) !
fee t:;; DUKE OF CLARENCE (imp.), fee j
1": V.ne lot of youngsters from 3 to 5 months !
< Id from Lord E(Ilnb'>ro ar.d our imjorted j
doos. with grand culor and perfect [act all I
round; fall lire cf rabbit surplles; free j
literature
tiAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO..
SAM. C. HAMMOND, Mgr.
Office— Sjjreckels Market.
Babbitry— MIS Hhotweil et.
All tbe popular Ktrains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE AS- i
eoCIATION. Alameda. Gal. i
liOPKMONT Rabbltrj'. Fourteenth rt..' above ¦
Guerrero — Poes bre<l and with litters; high- I
prade Ji.-f.ne^ters; rea»onab>.
LORD FAfiHODA CHIEF anl Lady Lumb. first ¦
jrize in Er.filand. at 314 GoUlen Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HA^£ SANITARY i
BEADQUAttTEBS; sales daily. lWAVi Sutler. ¦
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..CC9 GoU i
den (iitle av.. S. F.. 100 rabbits for sale cheap.
DCSISTC8S CIIAXCES.
A — S3ZOQ; PARTNER wanted Jn larcest concert '
connwied with grill, cafe and buffet,
also agency i>f Eastern brewery on this coast: ,
establishment doing an Immense business and .
known Iron Virtoila. 3. C, to San Dif.ro I
<"ai.: owner emi-joyes about 7i> people and '
need? a nn?t-cla>H busir.t?s man as ai<si!»ta.ni.
Views of the pla<'e and i>articu!ars at R, G
WILKE. VMi Keamy i=t.
A.— ?1T*; PARTNER wanted in baxber Fhop In
kudiRg gecond-class hotel of this city; about I
JS) i*r n-.oath for each partner guaranteed, i
Call K. G. WILKE. 2&hi Keajny et.
A— J16oO— CORNER urocery and bar on Larkin J
et.. T»-nt, lnclurtlne :. n^mn, $44; horse and !
T.-agor.; .'- yecr*" lease; dally receipts about !
tZ»: cwnor to leave for the country: \ flrtt- !
class and rare chance. Call H. <J. WILKE, !
26^4 Kearny «t.
TO buy or sell ar.y kind of business, te Invest !
In ranches, orchards or cil lands. Call on It ',
G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny *t.
A— ?r<00; DELICACY and dairy produce, in Ah:- !
rr,<-<la; rrrt $<*: daily receipts fl2; business et- |
U-tl. » yea:s. Call It. G. WILKE. 2C'i X-'an.y. ]
A— $17^0; CORNER grocery and bar on il!ss;.j^ !
et. ; I'Lac-e has been kept by present owrer ]
for J» y»-ar» and cleartnx abnve $1.» j«»r I
nv<n:!,; rtock «nd fixture* worth ih': .-noney i
Ca;i 7t. G. WILKE. Zihi Kearny «t.
A- fC-^o— RESTAURANT and cliophoute oa I
water fr^nt; r^nt $15; bargain, it. Q.
.yiLKB. "CS Kearny ft. ;
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
y«ar» and known as a money making place;
best location: done to Chronicle building. See '
R G. WILKE. M4 Kearny et.
A~t35rt— BRANCH* bakery. fTattonery. notions;
on Valencia n.; living rooms; cheap rent;
»;oo<l »iuFino«?; a bargain. Call R. G .WILKE,
8C't ICpgrny «t.
W ELL- ESTA P-LIPHED saloon; munt be soid
within ttn dajf; bargain: reason, other preisa-
in B interest*.. Information, Sunset. 2^ Mont-
Cfwery rt., rooms 3 and «.
A— SALOON; money-msJcer: come quick; cen-
trally. COWLNG & CO.. 71J Market M.
UL'SIXESS CIIAKCES— CONTINUED.
, J15OO— MILK route: 28 cans dally: going Kast
. cause of sal*; etore included. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777H Market 6t.
. $S7i — BUTCHER shop: prosperous country
town; daily rec-lpts JO. McLAUGHLLV &
CO.. 7TTH Market sC
J1W>— BAKERY; prosperous country town:
trade I'H barrels dally. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 7T7»* Morfcet »t.
1 $150— PARTNER wanted; coffee and chop bouse.
Mclaughlin & co.. rrrvi Market »u
A— 1350; RESTAURANT and oyster house; open
day and night; completely equipped; line
business location; excellent trade; full valuo
In «Vht; rent 125; great sacrifice for quick
! pale. M. A. KROOKS. 12 Golden Gat* av.
'A— $1200: CORNER rroeery and bar. with fam-
ily room»: location has no equal; established
20 years; doing a flm-cla.<«6 cash store trade;
rpnt only $20; a gllteJge proposition. M. A.
BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
. |»O CASH, balance time; restaurant, well situ-
ated for two young m«n or man and wife to
conduct; consisting of fine furniture, cash
register, for a fact, all In flr* condition; must
be s«o!d In two days; owner has two places.
eTnN'BKRO & CO., 935 Marfcet St.
rm-SALOON; first blcck Market St.; dally re-
ceipts !30; rood stock and fixtures: run by
owner 6 year?: cause of sale Immediate de-
parture. 873 Market Ft., room 6.
A—KOO— PARTNER wanted In light business
suHM to plain, steady man satisfied with $13
to £25 a week: no experience required; trial
j?!vp-n. 9 Geary Ft., room 2.
FOR SALE— %~
1000 Sharps (All or Part) %
DUTCH MINING AND MILLING CO.. »
r.t tweaty-fire (K) cents per share. Reason for
••piling is need of money. Considering that at
the above price one would be buying the Dutch
mir.o for I75.OCO and that the machinery and
«*)u)pmor.t alone are worth over $100,000. this
nor it phou'rl be jv sood purchase for any one
who has tbe ready cash to pay for it and ia
willing to Htnr.il the present assessment of 15
cents. -Apply at ence to
JOSEPH B. TOPLIT2. Stockbroker.
330 Pine St.
FOR SALE — On account of sickness; a well-
established millinery business In a prosperous
town close to San Francisco; can be bought
at a low fiirure. Apply to HOLM & XATHAX.
til and 514 Market St.
PARTIES wintry to Invest money where they
can rw.lize 25 per cent on their Investment
¦will be civen valuable information at C. W.
Pope's nfjice. 11 Montgomery St.. between the
1'ourE of 1 and 3 p. m., until Saturday, ;sth
July. D. X. HO.VN.
A- $O -COrtKER grocery and bar. with 2 liv-
ing rooms; good location; good cash business.
Apply at 337 Tetiama. »t-
YOUR life's best chance— Well equipped hand
laundry for pale: very cheap for cash. Ad-
Cress Hox 2946. Call Office.
XK'iV bakery: fine l'V.atlon; Rood opportunity.
Cor. Fourteenth and Pexalta, We6t Oakland.
! $173 — CANDT store, tools, stock and fixtures;
lew rent; no asents. 138 Hayes et.
SPLENDID opening for a live grocery man In
prominent market. Address Box 2347, Call.
SALOON for sale; oppYveite ferry. Apply 111
Kaet Ft., north of Market: no agents.
A GOOD paying fruit store, with horse and
wagon; £00. ISO Eighth st
FOR PAI,K — Steam laundry doing a business
fn">m HZj to 1150 per week; well fitted up and
the only steam laundry within 30 miles: in a
prosperous town in the Sacramento Valley,
with a population from 5000 to 7000; reason for
sale pning to Europe; terms $1400 cash; must
sell Inside of 2 months. Address Box S433,
Call Office.
FOR SALE— A strictly good business restaur-
I ant; 100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery
usinp 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon; '
lodging-house, 34 rooms newly furnished;
flnfFt opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
field. Cal.
WANTED— To purchase a drug business; es-
tablished and doing paying business. Ad-
drees, with full particulars, box 2799, Call cf-
fice, Oakland.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; flna
location: place is entirely covered: contains 3
! Ftalle: rent only ilS; water free. Inquire WM.
j HKNDRICKSOX & CO.. 6:4 Call buli-iing.
| $4rt>— ON account of retiring; a paying business;
j established over 20 years; stock and fixtures
Included; suitable mnn and wife; living rms.
Particulars, apply at creamery. 231S Flllmore.
LEADING hotel in Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar: completely furn.;
! will rent, sell or exchanee. For particulars
; write JOHNSON & CARR, Monterey, Cal.
j COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
I W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st. '
LOUGI.\G>HULSHS PUR SAL.I2. !
j
! HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms: good locations; i
! honeRt value, perfect title puarant»x»d to buy- I
! ers; money loaned. SCHWEIXHARD & CO..
817 Market et-, opposite Mason.
Phone Mint 1911.
11200— SNAP— 26 rooms: all rented; fine location;
near Market. BASII^E. 3 Eddy St.
A — ROOMING house: central part: lleht rooms;
death. COWING & CO., 713 Market st.
! CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF'Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 923 MArket St.. S. F.
CARPET HEATINCJ AND CLKA.\I.\O.
WHEN you become difg-usted with poor work
fi>nd to ?PAl'I>DINO - S Pioneer Carpet-Beat- 1
Ing Works. 3S3-S57 Tehama St. ; tel. South 40.
| EAN1TAKY Carpet Oanlng and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister Ft.: 'phone South 146.
I J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
1 vatJng Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Iteatlnjj Work*. G. II.
STEVENS, m(?r.. SS-40 Mh st.; tel. .South 250.
J. McQT.'EEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 2CS: lowest rates.
' CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
I STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth ft.: tel. Jensle 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 2?4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carp«rt-n<»atlng Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone. East 126.
I T"** "— ' — "^~~ mmmm "~" ~S
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, cartu, harness,
! etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission *t.
AN A No. 1 express wairon. single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. &32 Mission.
¦ NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & drivlnc horses. 15th & Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEOROK W. KELLT'S A Ken cy^S-oTharge uii-
lers successful. Room 310, 927 Market St. "
CO1TAGES TO LIST.
COTTAGE 3 room* and bath; 3S35 Twenty-
f.fth et. : rent tS 50.
Si MUTUALISM.
MEETING to-night, convincing test, 8 o'clock;
readings dally. MRS. MAXWELL, 1233 How-
ard st.
SPIRITUAL, medium. Mrs. Harrison, S58 Mlu-
rlon; readings dally; 25c, Me and SI; circle
Tues.. Thurs., Sat. and Sunday eves.; 10c.
WATSON, the famous medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 25c and 50c. 1SS1 Market St.,
near Twelfth. t
MME. TOL'NG'S con^-lndng test circle to-night,
€•^5 McAllister St.. 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth et.. circle to-day 2
& 8 p. m. ; 10c; sittings dally; G. $1; L. 50o.
MRS. ETIQtn:. 1204 Flllmore st. : circle this
cvfnlriit and Friday. 10c; readings, 50c.
MME. MARQUISE. 5 Hyde st.. or. McAllister;
circle to-night. 10c: skeptics Invited; sit. dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 330 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit. dally; convinc'g tests to-night 10c.
WYIXIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 3M
Ellis. ]0 a. m. \n S p. m., Sundays Included.
MKS.J.J.WHIT.VE7, clairvoyant, test, business
m»dl'im. life render: clttlnT $1. 11<M Market.
Cl<AUtVI)VA.\TS.
MJ?n. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & eecond sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
Ker.ts $1; i-ilrn & clalr. sit. {I 50. 12fi Turk st.
MIBS AIMEE. gifted clalrw>yant. card reader.
2!=S Naton?a ft., nr. 4th; Thur., Frl., Sat. Sun.
1IME. 7.EREDA. the gypsy, is the great palmist
and card reader; 25c S Seventh et.. no sign.
MMK. PCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
Kitting* daily. 212'i Sixth st.
IISIK. UENHMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted '74 stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reodpr; German spoken. S21V4 Mlsslon.op.Mlnt
22 ME. HANSONr palmistry: card reader; past.
SPrexnt. future. I5c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MMK. SYHII-r-r:— Cradle to grave; future hus-
Itttnd'B plcturp; ric; ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BL'ZARD'S Dog 'Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 70c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DK. CUEELys C.P.mange cure and worm pills
by di-ugglsia or at. hospital. 610 Golden Gateav.
¦;•; DEWTIST8. . .
s * AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC. 809 ilar-
N ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
_ have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
.„ without plates our specialty; sold crowns,
i S3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 BO up: of-
flee hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : 6undays. 9 to 2
_ p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
V EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
ond manga; extraction or filling by my won-
_ derful secret, painless method: 20 yearn" «x-
8. perlence; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest «nd guaranteed; lady attendants.
- DR. GEORGI3 W. LEEK. 20 O'Fnrrell st
•n .
ie DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
is — No charge for extracting when plates ar«
:k made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
71 PLATES from $5: crowns, $3 50: fllllnffs. 50c
¦& Chicseo Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
I" PARIS Dental Parlor, 2J5 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of feth. $4; crowna. »; fillings. 23c.
~ VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
•> SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
st YOUNG. JS41 Polk st.
i. mm
- DRESSMAKERS AM) SBAMSTKKSSE1
y REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking. Millinery
*• School to 1019 Market St.. above Sixth.
- E. F. Dressmaking, Ladles* Tailoring School;
'» French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
;g . — — ,
il PARISIAN' drpesmaklnc. 3S7 Geary St., dresses
made. $5 up; dreswes made over; perfect lit.
MME. REMBERT, M0 Sutter St., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
_ ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
£ Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O' Connor AMoffatt.
h
3 EDUCATIONAL.
s .. ~ — *¦¦ — , - ... — -
e AYRES' Business College. 72S Market at.; life
a echolajTshlp,- $50; Includes shorthand, typing,
5 bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening:
just added new busings practice offices ana
20 new typewriters.
AI,L students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
s NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
4 CALIP"ORNIA Business College. 205 Larkln St.:
tl>e comlnj school; thorough; up-to-date: all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
\ ENGINEERING, civil, el<>c., mining, mech. sur-
. vcy, as?ay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; est. 1854.
VAN DER XAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
a AMATEUR canem will get designs and art
cabinet work prepared. E01 Ellis st.
- 6-VEEKS 1 course teaches practical shorthand.
'- . Val Doary, court reporter, 611 Hearst bide.
- ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, prammar, writing,
1 etc., day or eve.; |5 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1363; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling.
'- dp^lRnlnff, carving, oil branches. 424 Pine st.
KMl'LOYMEJVT OFFICES.
1 A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estabL over 10 years; all kinds help.
1 421 Post st..- near Powell; telephone Bush 13b.
. UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
j furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86.
. , ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
, nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; teL Black 0072.
1 JAPANESE and Chinee Employment Office;
1 beet help furn.; teL John 2121. 8%^ Stockton.
" CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
I Bert help. 411H O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
. EMPLOYMENT WaATED — FEMALE.
r A FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
sires situation; best of ref. ; city or country,
j MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
! A— FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situa-
tion; best of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter 6t.
\ RESPECTABLE American woman wants situa-
tion as workinc housekeeper; good cook and
manager; best of references given. Address
Housekeeper. 319 Minna St., city.
! RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation at cham-
berwork and care of children; would tro in
the country. Call or address 1015 Florida st.
', LADY desires position as housekeeper for g^n-
'. tlemnn with children. Address box 3140, Call
office.
REFINED, intelligent lady from St. Louis
seeks situation as housekeeper In family or
rooming house or chamber work. 320V4 Sutter.
' FIRST-CLASS cook. German, wishes situation
In hotel or boarding house; city or country.
Address 726 Mission st.
; TWO young girls with city reference for gen-
- j eral housework; vaees $20 and J23: no pos-
I tals. Call at. 741 Harrison Et., near Fourth.
. ¦ COOK and second girl wishes a place; good
I j- wages expected; no postals. Call 511 Folnom.
j A WOMAN wishes a situation to do housework
by the day. week or month. Please call at S
Angelica St., oft 19th. bet. Guerrero and Val.
• JAPANESE Kirl desires a situation to do
housework and plain cooking. 423 Stevenson.
• YOUNG Rirl wishes a place In American fam-
, lly as second girl; speaks German and Dan-
ish, but no English. Address 930) York St.,
city.
¦ WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 2C0 room«; 23c to $1 60 night; Jl CO to $6
veek; convenient and respectable; free bus
, and baprape to and from ferry.
J100.W0 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
Fkins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUt>t>rrlj>tion» has been established et 1066 Va-
lencia st.
KM Pl-O YM ISXT VVAJVTED MALE.
A— FIRST-CLASS chef, also flrct-class hotel
head waiter, with best of references, want
situations. Address C. R. IIANSEN & CO.,
104 (leary st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, special In short orders,
steady and sober, with reference, wants posi-
tion in restaurant, cafe or erill room. Ad-
dress box 3442. Call office.
TEMPERATE, reliable, intelligent man of 33
wants work In store, office or cigar fstand
during day time; very moderate salary want-
ed. Box 3433. Call office.
PRACTICAL gardener and experienced man
about private place wants steady situation.
Apply P. BROWN, office" 32 Ellis St., city.
RELIABLE man wishes a position as grocery
clerk. bart»n<;er or porter. Address F. L., 112
"West Mission sU
A YOUNG man, German, would like a position
as crocery clerk In small country store; beet
of references. Address G. M., 1104 Larkln st.
A SOBER, industrious middle-aged man wants
situation as man about place for general
chore work, gardener and carpenter; best of
references. Box 2942. Call.
GOOD all-round engineer wishes steady situa-
tion; understands Ice-making and refrigerat- •
Ing machinery- Box 2944, Call.
GRADUATE dentist wishes position: city cr
country: 10 years' experience. Address box
3138, Call office.
GARDENER wishes f-ituatlon: private place;
can milk: do chores; references. Box 2943. Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1O71>4 Market (near Seventh); examination
free; German eye water by mail. GOc; eee City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined fret; spectacles properly ad-
Jasted. N. Manaese. oculist optician. 810 Mkt.
100 flats, houses— A. M. SPECK & CO.. CG7 Mkt.
909 Buchanan Mr.I15 , 793 Haight ...f.6r.»25
417 Jones f.6r.J25i 34C Waller ...f.5r$°0
72 V/ebster ..f.6r.}23 S97S 18th f.5r.»16 :
1511 Clay f.4r.J26 3343 20th f.6r.$15
3100 California, grocery store & flat above. $60.
A— 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms j
and bath each; $25 and $2S. 972-973 Golden ¦
Gate ave. . ;
A — S-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417*4 Third. .
ELEGANT sunny top flat, 4 rooms, gas. 60
Ivy ave.. near Mechanics' Pavilion. :
FIFTEENTH, 1S76, nr. Dolores— Sunny bay- win- ¦
dow flat; 7 rooms, bath; house S rooms, stable.
HARRISON, 410— Bunny upper flat of 5 rooms;
fine marine view.
IF you want to move ret printed list flats to let
.il c "!L ; ? A ij D 3L N &_HOWELIU0 Montgomery, .
PINIi 1319V4, near Flllmore— Sunny modern up"
per flat; 5 rooms: bath.
S y, NNY rood""- upper flat; & rooms, bath.
23Wt Pine st.. near Flllmore.
THIRTEENTH. B15. between Guerrero and Do- J
lores— Four rooms.
TURK, D20B— Sunny flat, 4 rooms; large base- •
ment; rent t!2; no children. <
J10 — FIVE sunny rooms: lower flat: large yard-
garden. 3 Delpado place, east side Hyde St., -
bet. Union and Green. In perfect repair. l
$22 SC— MODERN fiat. 8 rooms, bath; newly .
grained; first-class. 112S Howard, nr. Seventh. ]
1100,090 TO loan on diamonfls, watches neaU
skins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. (
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly -
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the J
Lnited States or Canada one year for ?1.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
r- GROVE, 81S. near FUlmore— Furnished Hat ol
n. 8 large, gunny rooms; piano; front and sld<
« yards; family stable; rent $40 without stable
¦• Apply on premises or MAPISON A BTTRKK
r - --¦* FLATS WAITED.
h, WANTEI>-STnall flat or cottage: furnished 01
j- unfurnUhed. Box 3433. Call. '
c- ¦' ._— ~ — .^— —
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No. :
~ range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
h FUHNITU11E WASTED.
- $6000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc.. wanted.
J. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.
- ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission at., Days
- highest price for your second-hand furniture.
- W. B. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy«
- furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
j" HELP WAI.TED-FESIALE.
5 C R. HAN8EN & CO Phone Grant 185.
- HOTEL. DEPARTMENT.
11 waitresses for summer resorts, $20; 6 walt-
" resses. commercial hotels, 120 and 125; 2 wait-
» resses. city, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait. $20;
2 chambermaids. $1S: woman cook, $30; pastry
cook. $35; cashier, $20.
, FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
J German or Swedish second girl, Fruitvale,
s 20. choice place; French sir!. B«rkeley. $20;
ranch cook for men. to go to-day. $25 and faro
paid; house girls, second girls, cooks, etc.,
5 et0 - c - u - HANSEN & CO., 1M Geary St.
- NURSE girt, care~of 2 children, to go to
springs; $10; no fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
- 104 Geary st. ¦
WANTED—Protestant laundress, $30, see lady
at 11 a. m. to-day; Protestant second girl,
e $25. short distance, see lady to-day; cook. $30,
small wash, short distance; cook, $30, no
wash; 4 second girls, $20, $25, city and coun-
j try; German second girl, $20; 3 nurse girls,
$20 and $25; French nursery governees, teach
music. $25; cleaning woman for Institution,
s $20; kitchen helper, $20; 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $7; 25 hotel waitresses, $20, springs
and resorts; 75 housegirls, 520 and $25. city
". and country. J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter St.
' GERMAN nurse, city $25; German second girl,
$20. AHSS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
¦ A— TWO chambermaids and waitresses, Boulder
Creek. $20 each; 2 waitresses, Hanford, $25
each; 6 waitresses, city. $20 and $25. MISS
t CULLEN. S2S Sutter St.
A GERMAN waitress; private family; $25.
' MISS CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
• A FRENCH maid. $25; one speaking no Eng-
- llsh preferred. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter 6t.
. EXPERIENCED canners wanted; steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply Immediately, U.
6. FRUIT PACKING CO., Harrison ave., bet.
s Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
• GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32H Fremont St.;
1 no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
' to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
I SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
: YOUNG girl to do housework In Vallejo; 2 In
.family; no washing; $20 a month. Inquire
739 Minna st.
: WANTED— Reliable woman to assist In linen-
room In hotel; $10. Ahlborn House, 321 Grant
avenue.' *
"WANTED — Good talloress at RAPHAELS.
• OPERATORS on vests: from $6 to $10 to right
parties. 641H Stevenson St.
• NEAT young girl for upstairs work and wait-
ing; no children. 110 Guerrero st.
i GOOD girl; housework ; waxes. $20. 128 Chat-
tanooga, bet Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
GIRL for housework; small family; call In
i morning. 2170 Post st.
. WANTED— Experienced crockery saleslady;
give references. Box 3443. Call office.
WANTED— A neat young girl for housework;
sleep home: wages $10. 468 Jessie st- ,
'. RELIABLE girl to assist light housework and
children; $10. 605 Jessie St.. corner Seventh.
GIRL or elderly lady for light housework: care
2 children. H. RATNEK. 1028 Market St.
WANTED— Tailoress on fine coats. 14 Grant
ave., room 43.
GIRL for housework; 3 adults; no washing;
sleep home. 1206& Polk st.. near Sutter.
GIRL wanted to assist with general house-
work. S2S Turk st.
WANTED— A good waitress; sleep out. " Mlra-
mar Hotel. 7C3 Geary st.
GIRL for general housework; $10. 606 Larkln
street. __^_
GIRL wanted for light housework. 1041 Ellis
street.
WANTED— Young girl to- assist in housework.
2016 Buchanan St.
WANTED— A girl who understands cooking
and housework; wages $23. 1605 Lnguna et.
EXPERIENCED girl for bookbindery to fold,
sew, Ftltch, etc.; give experience, ability, ref-
erences, salary. Address W. H., box 2943,
Call office. .
GERMAN nurse girl for grown children to
assist with light housework. Apply 1212 Ma-
sonic avenue, near Haight.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch, Peventh«and Berry.
YOUNG girl for Hunt housework; no washing:
sleep home; German preferred. 24 Eleventh
st., near Mission.
LADY solicitors wanted for country and city
In good paying legitimate business. F. I.
CO., room 40, Columbian building.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder:
state experience, snlary and references. Ad-
dress C. H.. box 1S24. Call office. :
GIRL wanted to assist In housework. 791 Mc-
Allister St.. near Octavla.
WAITRESS; must be neat and active. John-
eon'e Restaurant. 28 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work; gf>od home: no children. 2 Lexlngtonav.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk and wool
waists: steady work. B. F. Mfg. Co.. 403A Turk.
GIRL not under 16 to assist In housework: sleep
Jf.ome preferred. 616 Halght st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework;
wages $10. 1630 Buchanan st.
GERMAN fflrl wanted to do housework. 616
Hayes st. ¦-'•' - :¦¦
GIRL for general housework; 8 adults and 1
child In family; wagea $20. 1904 Broadway.
AN experienced chambermaid: must wait at
table oneo a day; small hotel. 239 Hyde st.
WANTED- Women and girts to work on fruit.
Folsom st., between 13th and 14th.
$100,000 to lonn on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. I
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2300 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .^^_^_^_^^__^^^__^^^^_
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED
Stonemason, country, $2 50 to $3 a day and
board; blacksmith's helper, country shop. $2
a day; blacksmith's helper, on ranch, $30 and
found; 2 laborers for mine. $2 a day; 2 labor-
era for rock crusher, near city, $25' and
h£&rd: laborers for lime kiln, $26; 4 wood-
JfrSppers for Mining Co.; woodchopper, San
Mnteo $26 and board; farmer/ steady place,
$26; farmer, orchard. $20; choreman, $20; wait-
er, country hotel. $30; 2 waiters for mine, $30
W. D. EWER & CO., 810 Clay st.
BOY for ranch, $10 to $15; steady place and good
home. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay at.
A MAN and wife, ranch, $50. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
MAN to buy out a seltzer route; good paying
buslnesw. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter »t.
A DISHWASHER, country hotel, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; cit-
izens of United States; of good character
and temperate habits, who can apeak, read
and write English; recruits are specially de-
sired for service In Philippines. For lnfor-
' matlon apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New
Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
GOOD photographer with a little money, not
afraid of work. Address W\ B. PICKET!',
Uailey block, Berkeley.
WANTED— Man to attend Invalid, daytime;
$30 a month; state age and weight. Address
lock, box 2S5, Berkeley.
CHOREMAN about mine and wife to cook. VA
see boss here. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S
Sacramento at.
WANTED— Man to clean saloon; 4 hours'
work: SOc a day and 3 meals. 1075 Market st.
BARBERS for city and country; 'wages $14 up.
Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
GOOD dishwasher. Oakland coffee and lunch
house. 5 East at. _^^
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5G2 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WASTED MALE. .
A— MURRAY & READY... PHONE MAIN 6843
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
' WE SHIP 'FREE VV"C -
7-J69 men for all parts of California, Utah.
.< "Washington, Arizona, Oregon, Nevada, Brit-
ish Columbia and Hawaiian Islands ••
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY W
And no other expenses to Reno (Nev.) Dlkt.
Los Angeles Dlst Truckee Dist.
Santa Barbara Dlst Shaata Dint.
Salt Lake City Dlst Crows Landing Dlst
Santa Cruz Dlst Newman Dlst.
Dunsmulr Dlst Bakersfleld Dist.
Soda Springs Dlst Madera Dlst.
Ban Luis Dlst Surf DUt.
Special to Shasta County Dlst ••
Redding Delta Dunamulr
and other points good wages
and other places; we ship free frt -" e
COME ONE— COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmien.
quarrymen, splkers, section hands, tunnel-
men, steel gangs, etc.. wages $3. $2 50. $2 2...
$2. »1 75 day and free shipment
It is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally to
go to different railroads. Why? Because It
costs only Jl fee; no other expenses; come see
free free
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
A— 35 CARPENTERS to build large flume
locomotive fireman; see boss here
20 laborers to handle hummer, etc.... $30 to $40
and found
153 mlneni. gold, silver and other mines. J30.
J75, J60 and found
15 muckers «C0
crowd going to mines; 6 men to work in
warehouse $40 and found
264 laborers to work at different mines. $50.
J4S, $40 and found, no experience required,
you'll suit
6 machine miners, gold mine $30
197 farm, orchard and vineyard hands. $35.
$30. $25 and found; 32 choremen and boys
63 harvest hands $2 CO, $2 a day and fou.id
47 milkers and butter-makers
$35. $40, $30 and found
197 men to work in sawmills, woods, etc., we
pay your fares, $&;, $90. SSO. $75. $60. $15, $50.
|45. $40. $35, $30. $26 and found; shingle saw-
yer; drag sawyer '
136 tlemakers, woodchoppers, tools and food
found, 2 50 to $1 a cord, 13c to- 10c each; wools
foreman: sawmill foreman, boss here; gang
edgerman, screw turner, boss here; sherp
herders; men for hay presses
37 stableman, hostlers, buggy washers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., $45, $40, $55, $30 and foun-i
3S6 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $2 50. $2 25. $2. $1 75 a day; many
for city positions and board home.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
MECHANICAL help 2 Bridge Builders
handy man around machinery
Wagon-maker, city, $52 and found
25 blacksmiths, horseshorrs. wood worker*,
helpers, etc., $2. $2 CO a day*to $60 and found;
coremaker and other mechanics; wagon-
maker. $3 day: wheelwright.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef and second cook, country hotel, $&5 and
found; 25 cooks, city and country places, $30,
$35, $40 to $60 and found: flrst and second head
bakers and helpers, $60, $40, $35 and $20 and
found: shop and slaughter-house butcher?,
etc., $G0, $40, $30 and found; laundry help aDil
others.
MURRAY & READY. 634-S36 Clay St.
AGAIN We Pay Your Fare 363 Men
for the sawmills and woods, no experience re-
quired. $2S to $40 and found fare paid
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— COME down and get our list of 7263 Jobs and
read our latest bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY. 634-626 Clay St.
A FREE FARE
8 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, $3 to
$325 da>
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A SPECIAL
10 new mines want 63 miners, $?0, $75 por
month and found; 1S3 laborers, $60, $43 and
found; planer man, $30 and found; 20 labor-
ers for Oakland. $2 25 day; bench hand, plan- |
Ing mill *90
25 two-horse teamsters for a sawmill tbO
Help for Institutions— Porters, for good
places; second cook*, springs, $45 and found;
25 waiters. $30. $35 and found; blacksmith s
helper, carriage woodworkers; boys for fac-
tory, $4 to $6 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
200 teamsters. Nevada $2 a day
200 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work.. ..$2 a day
ICO teamsters, Bokersfleld $?,a day
200 teamsters. Coast Road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office fee, $1 Free fare.
20 men to handle grain. 25c an hour, see boss
here; 20 woodsmen and laborers, iZS to $40 and
board; 6 quartz miners, $2 50: 6 coal miners.
$2 50; blacksmiths, wagon makers, woodwork-
ers, carpenters, farmers, choremen, milkers,
and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
German cook. $50; 4 hotel and Camp waiters,
$25 and $30; dishwashers, kitchen hands, pot-
washers and vegetable men for country hotels
and springs. $23 and $30; porter, resort. $20....
Marker and distributor. $45
Neat bellboy with references. ?J5
Assistant clerk, must t>e a stenographer and
typewriter, country' hotel. $20 and Increase..
Meat cutter, country shop, $40
German butcher, country, $40
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
FIVE bridge carpenters, $3 day; 6 blacksmiths.
$2 50 to $4 day; pattern maker. $4 day; planer
man. $50 and found: ptlckerman. $3 day;
plain carpenters. $2 50 day; cabinet makers,
woodsmen of all kinds; laborers for mill and
woods; choreman, $20; stableman. $35. and
many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 628
Sacramento st.
FRUIT farmer and wife; man to understand
poultry raising, $30. see employer In city. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento St.
COOK and wife for hotel, $43; 2 cooks, small
hotels, $S0; boarding house cook, $S0; cook,
miners' boarding house, $35; waiters, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT AGEN-
CY, 628 Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED hands wanted on paper boxes:
also learners. Enterprise Paper Box Co.. s2
First gt.
SHEEIfKIN cutters: also apprentices. CAR-
SON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
WANTED- Experienced canwasher. 146S Devls-
adero st. -
WANTED— An experienced shoe salesman. Bee
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st.
DISinVASHER nt 1416 Howard st.
WANTED— Two carriage painters. Apply B.
GRAVE. 421 Pacific st.
PAINTER wanted. Apply Golden West Hotel,
6S-76 Ellis st.
WANTED— Diehwasher. 34S Third st.
DISHWASHER at 123 Seventh st.
WANTED— Lunch cook; $7 a week. 1077 Mar-
ket st.
LUNCH waiter at 202 Townsend st.
BARBER for Friday and Saturday, or steady
If suited. 623 Clay st.
4-CHAIR barber-shop for $100; receipts $30;
cheap rent. 1542 Market st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character; between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 6 feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States, or ptr-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read. writ<»
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 FJlls Ft., San Francisco, Cal.. 530 K ft.,
Sacramento, Cal.. or.l05S J St.. Fresno, Cal.
WANTED — Experienced .advertising canvass-
ers; good paying proposition. Wasp, 513 Mkt.
WANTED— A young grocery clerk. Apply 1712
E6dy st.
SALESMAN for butcher trade; good chance-
for right man. Box 1K3, Call.
WANTED — Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines, Tesla, Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
328 Montgomery St., San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquin Coal Company.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to knew
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, stfll
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th St., near Guerrero.
Ban Francisco Construction Company.
GF.T your sho»>s half-«oled while waiting, 25c to
&0c. C62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning: catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS, -ordinary seamen and green hands; '
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; IS
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 room*. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage tp and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 73c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and .
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- <
If ncla st. ' •
MOUSES. 1,1 VK STUCK; Kto For m«I« '
48 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies. ]
carts, harness-. . Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wedneslay. «
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR 8ALE— 2 extra flne carriage teams. DAL- <
ZEIL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
FAST pacer for sale cheap account of depart- '
ure. Apply 826 Treat ave.
HOUSES WAAT1SIX
"^•^^^rviT^uXr^iouBesto let: send for clr-
A n™rJ^? CMBSEX & CO.. U Montgomery.
NeU ave. and Franklin st.: rent »22 ftO.
LOST AM> FOU.M*.
and receive reward. _.
of washing. Finder please call at 823 Sutler
Bt. and receive reward. ;
LOST -Gold eye-glasses: reward given. 130
LOST-Black and white cocker spaniel namea
Judy. Liberal reward. S22 EH13 Bt.
LOST— At park, two rings belonging to Hulda
Jaeobowsky; reward. 517 Xatoma St.
125 REWARD— Lost Tuesday night. July 17, at
Columbia Theater, a pair of opera glasses and
bag: marked "Mrs. A. Heynemann ; »et j*ith
gold watch on tcp. Return to 2WS Killmore.
no questions asked. __
LOST-Horse and wagon, Jackson-«t. wharf;
white horse: yellow painted wagon: £.0 re-
ward. 361 Kleventh Bt. R. LANCHLER.
IF th<- Chinese lady that took the two rings
from my residence at 727 Washington st., bun-
day morning about 13 o'clock, will return the
6-caxat diamond ring to me Immediately no
questions will he asked. DR. TO.NG PO tHI.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions from II to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Grant ave.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th« Weekly-
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In the
United States cr Canada one year for ».
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market St.— Reli-
able ladles' and gents' specialists: 32 years {
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully ; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
flc; ladles treated can return home the same. (
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di- ;
rectlons; perfectly bann!e«s; home for confine- -
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5. positive cure: home for patients be- •
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential:
hour? 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; Sundays 10 to 2.
446 Eddy St., bet. Leaven worth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DOXXELL, th» world-renowned !
ladies" specialist: safe and reliable: hus prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou- ;
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be -
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call en him. 1C2C% Market st. '.
DRS. GOODWIN. well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable; '.
cure $»; have treated thousands of.cases with
success: 15 years' practice. In S. F. : maternity
home; low fees. 10O7*± Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.' :
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
office $.1: any ailment; consultation fre«; con-
fidential. 342 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln. ]
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas: sani-
tarium 704 Sacramento.cor.Kearny: advice freo
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles" special- .
1st; home in confinement; safe and reliable; (
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. "WISE — The only genuine ladles" specialist.
Office 111S Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S new? for I cents— The Weekly Call.
1* "ages, in wrapper, for mailing. $t per year.
M1SCELI,A.%KOU<<— KUU SALES.
BOILERS, engines, M-han.l machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-11*7 Fremont *t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and effice furniture and j
fixtures; new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
22 complete outfits on our floor, ready made; -
we can ship everything in -£4 hours. J. XOO- 1
NAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 10C3 Mission et.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue. . -
MI'ST sell; 20 does: pedigree stock; young-
sters thrown In; also prize winning New- -
foundland pupn; on account of leaving city J
Sunday evening. 23th. 143 Tehama st., oft 3d.
A— BUYS. Bells or rents gear machinery, en- *
glnts. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St. J
ANOTHER No. 6 Remington typewriter In
fine order. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery Ft.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop- -
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine. I
PEDIGREED St. Bernard pup for sale. 1919 -
McAllister St. £
£000 FT. 2d-hand pipe, H-lncl* blaclc & straight,
me per foot: other sires higher. 61 Stiver Bt. |
BOUSE painters' complete outfit: staging and s
ladders. See PAINTER, 3:<L>Thlrd ft., r. 7.
GREYHOUND puppies. 3 or 14 months old. by _
St. Lawrence; reasonable. 2766 Twenty-second, j:
FIRST-CLASS combination pool table for sale. —
1530 Kentucky st. V
ONE black and tan pup for sale; 4 old ones to _
let on sharta. 713 Mission st. S
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motor* —
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. 516 Mission, a
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. J2 75. MISKIT _
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st. c
TYPEWRITER, No. 2 Smith Premier: late _
model: cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal. G
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling _
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg. ~
EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced pric».
$75; concert records, $1 SO. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt. D
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke, 133 B<?aie. _
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main St. =
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving D
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st. —
— ' — - — — • ' — X"
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California Bt. m
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER- **
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
¦ ni
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market st.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WAJTTS. !
WANTED— 200 one or two-year-old heifers;
must be dairy Ptock and free from disease;
state particulars. Address box 127. Call.
A— 1C0 II. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont at.
WASTED — Boilers. 54-lnchxlS feet. KROG
MFG. CO.. 9-17 Stevenson st.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st. ;
IF you wish full value Tor j-our cast-off clothlnc $?
call on n. COHEN. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123. T
MONEY TO LOA.V g ,
ANY amount at G per cent; lstr^dTnTstTmort^
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought" no de-
lay; get my terms before <Iolng business else- N
where. R. McCOL.GAX.S4 Montgomery, rl N
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates in probate Interest al
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel m
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16 fir«t nnnV
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN
'I'™^ respectable prlvat- place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. J«welrv at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market Pt
st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st. le
ON real estate 1«" or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount- 1<>
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montg?n?ery:
ON furniture and pianos without removal- nulck EC
service; money direct; lowest Interest Rooms
GS anfl 69. Donohoo building. 1170 Market
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*
Z nt u h 7- •^•t- w. j. hesthau io^xth- b
highest Prl^^^r^d^oiq^gi^,^^^ :
llSva^^S^^ ;
H flninAai H r,roh^L Ma^ et "*"' •«1^'«H UnO. of *
tmanciai problems; Sd mortgages, estates, etc. I
jnnorscr. MORRELL. m Examiner building. Nl
r i ?' lthout bilateral or tndoner: 1
B. i. Discount Ageno". 1« Phelan bulWln S . J i
e MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
- 1 GOOD upright: grood for beginner: $6S " ~~~
1 Neuman upright: rosewood case; $133
1 Fischer upright; the genuine mak» «•«
: 1 Sterling upright; walnut case; $2_ "*
1 Vose upright; cood as new; $275.
= 1 Pease uprleht: used 6 months; J24;
1 Weber; walnut case: a great bargain.
1 Steck; large size; walnut case; a soa 3
r Easy payments; gilt-edge guaranty
BENJ, CURTAZ _ SON. 16-1S-2O QTarreTI «.
: EMERSON. *75: Guild, $100; N«whall. $^0~7>T
erson, 1175; all great bargains; come ?_>*"
they won't stay long. _AUVAI3 MUSIC n. *
- 769 Market st. •
- UNTIL. August 1 we offer all ffoods at jp-raj
reducttona to make room for new stock nnw
1 ordered. MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.. 7S3 Ma.-^
• A— NICE upright piano, used a. few year* i^oa"
The J. DEWING- CO., Flood bulldlnjr. '
' AS we represent the best make of piaorT^
r every grade from Stelnway down to inw-
1 priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other di?aJ-r-»
we are the people from whom you shcu'.i
purchase; new upright pianos, $8 cash, $6
' month: oth«r pianos, $3. $4 and $3 per month.
1 SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO.. Stelnway deal*r«
7 corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Franc.sco
corner Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
> __
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest h^us*
[ west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES*
28. 2S and 30 OFarrell su; pianos, organs ant
all ether musical Instruments of all jtradpg
l and prices: terma easy: prices lowest: »rery-
thing; possible done to please and satisfy th-i
• customer.
i REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store to i~l
1 Market at., between Fifth and Sixth, next to
; Hale Bros.: reduction sale will continue tir
tvro weeks to make room for new stock; open
evenings; agency for the celebrated Shoaiagrr
; & Behning pianos, New Tork.
"VIOLIN string*: never wet: best !n the worM;
old Italian harp: also old violin for sa'.< :
' making and repairing: of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson, 417 Geary st.
THE WILEY E. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.;
Hard man. Conover and other planoa.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauxy, Gabler, Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 Post st, opp. Union Square.
• BARGAIN — Good piano cheap: installment U
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER «ale of pianos this week for
1 storage. WILSON" 8 STORAGE. 1710 Market.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento at., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett _ Davis planoa.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Ml'LLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Stetnway. 1 Chlckerin<, $190; installments
$."> to $10; rent $2 up. HEINE'S. 138 Ellis st
REDUCTION sale; new pianos; $5 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 209 Post st.
OFFICES A*D STORES TO LET.
FOR rent— Elejrant offices and rooms In Y. M.
C. A. bids- : all modern Imps. ; rent very low.
TO rent— Modern store: well Hgnted; _xl40;
rent reasonable. 333 FTayea st
fAUUSTHt.
MME. Neergaard, Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. 6H Geary, nr. Jnrca.
PARTSERS WASTKD.
PARTNER to Introduce harmless and Inexpen-
sive remedy for removins cataracts, restoring
lost vision and alt diseases of th« eyes. O.
N. T.. Call office.
PERSONALS.
PARTY who took wrong valise and left their
own on train arriving at Third and Townser.d
sts. at 4:10 p. m. Tuesday, 24th lnst.. pleaso
return to ticket office. Third and TownsenJ
sts. depot, and receive their own; It con-
tains papers of value to owner only.
G. LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, sells
the best switches for the least money; }i u;>;
go and see them. 123 Stockton st.
______________ .
HOPKE BP.O3.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-
covered and renovated: honest work sruaran-
teed; prices defy competition; fine upholstery.
Phone 530U; factory. Sis and 220 Eleventh st.;
first-class cleaning and dying. V/i Sutter it..
San Francisco.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank cr chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. TJ» Ki:th. «>nklan.l.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted healer. 34
Kearny, room 11. cures nervousness, blind-
ness. Bright's disease, rupture or any ailment.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 307 Jessie et.
LEDERER dresses the hair in the most elegant
styles for only 23c; try him.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
ST.0 Market st., second floor, room 37.
LADIES' and gents' ca!>t-on* cloth!n< bought &
sold. Stlverman. 984 Folsom. tel. Folsom 113L.
PARALYFIS positively cured: also nervous dis-
eases, skin diseases, lung diseases, ossifica-
tion. eanc<?r, consumption, stiff Joints: no
drugs; no knife: consultation free. DR. I* J.
STRATTON. 5C7, SC8. J09 Parrott building.
LEDERER sells Schefflcr's Cclorine; restore*
the natural colcr to the hair; "Ic box.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: "GO rooms;
25c to $t 50 per night; $1 JO to 15 per week:
i free 'bus and ba»o?afce to and from the ferry.
SUITS to ord<*r on installments; $15 upward;
Jt a week. LEON LEMOH. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Elshtn.
J1CO.0OO TO lean on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant 'ave.
"WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all d?scr!i>tions. E25 Dupont st.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
ALFEEDl'MS Egyptian Henna restores Kray
hair to its natural color. {1: at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold, and sliver bought;
6end postal. COLEMAX'S, 106 Kearny st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2C06 Pacific ave..
between Pierce ami Scott: phone Stelner 3331.
PUYSICIAAS A.\U SLKG_O.\S.
DR. CRANSTON, the great specialist, haa re-
sumed practice at 1206 Market st, corner
Taylor^ofncea 25 and 2S; taJte elevator.
DR. C. C. ODONNELL— Office and residence.
V-ZVie Market st.. bet. Sljcth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SaLE.
TUTTLE. 630 MARKET ST~ "
$4250— Elegant new 9- room house and bata: all
modern improvements, decorated ceilings; must
be sold; make offer.
Offer wanted— 3 houses. 10 rooms each; Turk,
nr. J^arkln; lot 60xS5; rent 1110.
132, Cm}— 6 flats; rent S2W; un to date.
liOOO— 3 f_ts; rent JSi; Just completed.
J12.C0O— 3 flats; rent $100; West. Ad.
S5S0O— 2 flats; rent J45.
$6000—2 flats; rent }:2 50; West. Ad.
l»0eo— Elegant 12-room house; up to date.
$5300— Elegant 9-ro<jm house; West. Ad.
J425O— Halght st. cottape. nr. Flllmore.
JST.iOO— Larg? 6th-st. corner; Income $S»; nip.
$*25O— 8th-st flats and store; rent $6i
J2S0O— New 6-room cottage and bath; West. Ad.
$3nOO— 5 flats; Tehama; rer.t $40.
J4C00—4 flats; Harriet: rent *48.
BI'ILDINO LOT3.
$3600^ — Washington, nr. Lyon.
$1100— California, nr. -d avw. ; 2 frontage*.
$t000 — Devisadero. nr. Washington.
$scoo — Laree Jackson-»t. corner.
J25C0— Sunny side of Waller, nr. Pierce.
$1230— 19th. nr. Noe: 25x114.
JJviO— Sth a\-e.; make an offer: 23x_3L
"-room flat to rent; Clayton, nr. Frederick:
$27 CO.
SOL GET7. *¦ BROTH KR.
ROOM '•A." CROCKER BUILDIJJO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Now Is the time to buy while orlces are low.
$4^) to JSOO— Sunset lots, sewered and graded*
all ready to build en; in excellent locations; $19
monthly.
$250 to $300— Choicest Richmond loU; $10
monthly.
$73 to $30ft— Culldln* lots rear Mission «t. and
Pan Mateo electric cars and Ocean View; all
level: no grading; $j monthly.
$630 to $1000 for small cottages In excellent
locations near cars; payments same s_ rest.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GET7 & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BCTLDING.
BARGAIN IX REAL ESTATE.
$700— Mu«t b» so!d; price reduced: owner leav-
ing city; 2.*:6xl1l: 2C.1 st.. nr. Dolores; street
t.ewered and graded: ready for building; near
car Iin»: part cn<«h if necessary. Apply owner.
P H. SMITH, zn? Montgomery st.
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or at
the Mission that you want to sell: then call
on W. J. OUNN. 500 California St.
$6300— MODERN 9-room house In choice location
r>n Waller st.. near Pierce. 1 blocK from
H»lKht-st. ram: flnished with marble ster>s.
frescoed r*!]<n S? . 3 wood mantels, hard-fln-
Ished basement, etc.; term* one-fourth raxn,
balance $;o monthly. F. NELSON, huilder.
MODKRN ' houses and Oats built at lowest
price*; plan* and estimate* furntshxl for all
building work. CAMPKELL. 1H7 Mission st.
NEW cottage: S rooms, bath: lot fflxinO; Mii- X
»1orr; easv terms cr vacant lot. 4» Kearny st. *
CHKAPKST and best in America— The Weekly
« all. 18 rages, sent to any address In tha
united States or Canada ona year for U.
postage paid.W Moore, Oakdale
C H K«yes, Boston
O Mnxwf-M. Pasadena
A E SofTel. Pa t .-
E B Harrison. Ohio
J N Burton, Facto
L Mi'tralf. Pan Jose
Mrs Woodman. Cal
Miss De COurcy. Cal
F Dose. Portland
J L Hoover, Oroville
M Anderson. S Diego
F J Crosby. Calistoga
Mrs L Smith. Fresno
Miss J Smith. Fresno"
L C Freeman, I'klah
S Jordan. Los Angeles
P F Mathews, 'U'ash
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C R Root & w, Colo
W Hall. Seattle
C J Tease. Keswlck
Mrs M RatclifTe. Wash
Miss B Ratcliffe.WBsh
W Wilson, Portland
WLampel,»St Louis
W Whltaker. Omaha
S J Evans & w. Napa
W J Ranee, Cal
B H Wellheimcr, Cal
C X Powsll, Fresno
E O'Keefe & w. Mo
H B Stewart. Canton
T M Kelly. Wash D C
P L Flanigan, Reno
A E Cheney, Reno
J E Stubbs. Reno
J W - B VMontsromery.
Chico *
F Sehultz. Cal
Mrs Jones. Wallace
A Andrews, S L C ,
C M Dolllson. Eureka
J T Doane, Sacto Tasa£
R S Bonius, Danville
W Jereslaw. Cal
i £ }}>«*»• L Anreles
O C Ward. N>w York
C A Marsh, New York
N Levitt. Grass Val
M niggn Jr., Cal
J MeCudden. Vallejo
Miss McCudden.Valleio
Mrs W Bollard. Cal
G A KelloKK, Eureka
M Grppnwald. Arcata
H R White & w. Cal
W H Wright. San Jose
W Mafrulre. Cal
L R Poundstone, Cal
E Roberts, Gllroy
W A McGulre. Wash
R W Williams NY
E C Williams. Boston
W E Marsh. Cal
J C Moykv Colusa
W F Slkes. Colusa
J Sallorman, Cal
PALACE HOTEL
A G Stearns, Cal
J A Clark. N Y , ',
H B Clark. USA
B Well. Louisiana
F L?arlb*>tter. Portland
Mrs Brown. Bradford
S E Rolf. Bradford
C Rolf. Bradford
H H Knox, N Y
A G Brltton. N T
F I Herron, L Ang
E B Coe. Denver
Dr W E Quine. w & c.
Chicago
C- Hoover & w, Tucson
W S Chance, w & c,
W'ashlnzton
H M Wheeler. L Ang
B F Olllver. L Ang
J H Leonard, Pa
H Wilson. Pa
Mrs Br»y. St Ixiuis
O H Bray. St I^ouls
S \V Bray. Et Louis
A W Ballnrd. L An*
W J Klngsbury, Arix
F T Onus* & w. Japan
H Ellerbeck, St I^ake
(Mrs Detroit
Mrs AVllklns, Chicago
K W Brown. FVesno
'Lord and Lady Hope,
England
H Elers, Portland
E L Doheney, L Ang
E Kinnane, Springfield
M E Galen. Berkeley
E M Gild^en. Boston
|R II Brown, L Ang
>(i L Lawton. L Ane
L S Filler. USA
J R D Lamar. Parl«
,H A Cohen, Salt Lakt
I A Moore, Tesla
,G Henderson, S Jose
;J R I'hillips. Stockton
iA Ix>vin<>ky, Stockton
!A Welnberg, N Y
'J T Quane. Daggett
jA Nicolinl, Milan
,G Pa!««sa. Milan
F Avedano. Milan
IB G Kraus* N Y
Mr* E M Kiinz, Pa
O A Cooke. Chicago
HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
Two Marines Shot by an Italian in
Brooklyn.
XEW YORK, July 15.— Private Pierce of
Company C, Fifth Battalion, United
States marines, was shot through the
heart in the lower < Italian quar
ter of Brooklyn at 2:30 o'clock this morn
ing. His companion. John Costipan, of the
same company, is at the Long Island Col
lege Hospital suffering from alcoholism
and a bullet wound in the elbow.
The murder was done by Lulgi Lougu
buco. an Italian, who is under arrest.
The two marines had been carousing
along the Bowery, where they picked up
the Italian, and all three crossed on a
ferry to Brooklyn. The men had a quar
rel, which ended in Lougubueo's drawing
a revolver and shooting the marines.
KILLED IN A BRAWL.
Death Bate in Parts of India Has
Decreased to One-Half of What
It Was in May.
LONDON, July 25. — The Governor of
Bombay presidency, Lord Northcote of
Exeter, reports a general rainfall In Surat
and Southern Gujarat. He Bays that two
and a half inches of rain has fallen since
yesterday in Godhra.and Panch Mahals,
an inch "in several parts of Ahmedabad
and over half an Inch in parts of Kaira
and sufficient in the portions of Baroda
adjoining Surat.
In the remainder of Baroda no rain' has
fallen and an extensive failure of crops
i» inevitable unless there is immediate
relief. There have been good rains In
Bombay. Khangeish and the Deccan.
Here prospects are greatly Improved.
The death rate at Gujarat had decreased
nearly half as compared with that of
May.
GENERAL RAINFALL IN
SURAT AND GUJARAT
His Appointment as Instructor in
Economics Results in With
drawal of Several Courses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. July 25.—
Lincoln Hutchinson. instructor in eco
nomics and sociology at Stanford Univer
sity during the past year, was yesterday
appointed instructor in economics by the
Board of Repents of the University of
California. As a consequence of his new
appointment, the following courses, which
were to have been "offered by him during
the coming year at Stanfor'd will be with
drawn from the curriculum:
Course 25— Economic history of England.
Course 2fi— The evolution of commerce.
Course 27— Commercial geography.
Course 28 — Industrial and commercial de
velopment of the United States.
LINCOLN HUTCHINSON'S
PREFERMENT AT STANFORD
On" Saturday, prior to the assassination,
witness saw three guns in the office of
the Secretary of State. Youtsey called
the attention of the witness to them by
removing a plank, under which they were
concealed. Youtsey said:
"Powers claims to be a brave man, but
he hid his gun."
While Powers was in jail at Frankfort
Judge Matthews, formerly Secretary of
State, called on witness and asked him
to sign a statement. Matthews was mak
ing an investigation In the interest of
Powers. Witness refused to talk with
Matthews or to consider the statement.
Witness said Caleb Powers then Joined
in the conversation and told Youtsey it
would never do for any one to shoot from
that building. Youtsey had the window
raised and the blind pulled down. Wit
neFS left the room. Youtsey and Powers
remaining. On Monday following Power?
told him Youtsey was outside and wanted
admission to the office of the Secretary of
State. Powers said Youtsey acted so pe
culiar that he did not want him around
and asked witness to go out and get him
away.
He saw Caleb Powers and Youtsey to
gether January 20. Later, the same* day,
witness saw "ioutsey come Into the Gov
ernor's reception room, carrying a gun.
Youtsey took a position by a window and
later went into the office of the Secretary
of State, where he knelt down by a win
dow, out of which he pointed the gun.
Powers saw Youtsey and asked. witness
to get him a room, and witness asked
Youtsey what he was doing there with a
gun. Youtsey said ttere was trouble at
the legislative building-. 'Witness told him
the Legislature had adjourned and asked
Youtsey what he intended to do in case
of trouble. Youtsey said:
"I don't intend to start trouble, but if
it start* this building must be protected."
McKinzie Lodd. who was private sec
retary to Governor Taylor, was the next
vfitness called. Witness had seen Gover
nor Taylor in conference with Powers,
Culton, Finlcy and others frequently.
GEORGETOWN, Ky.. July 25.— A dozen
or more ¦witnesses who had been sum
moned on behalf of the commonwealth in
the trial of Caleb Powers, charged with
complicity in the shooting: of Governor
Goebel, were excused to-day on motion of
the prosecution. As the same thins has
occurred each morning this week, the
total list of witnesses for the prosecution
has been reduced very materially.
Says Youtsey Told Him There Might
Be Trouble and He Intended to
See That the Building Was
Protected.
Testimony of McKinzie Lodd
in the Goebel Murder
Case.
GUNS HIDDEN
IN SECRETARY OF
STATE'S OFFICE
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived July 25.— Stmr Staten
dam. from Xew York, via Boulogne.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK- Arrived July 23— Schr
Honoipu, from Port Townsend.
EUREKA— Arrived July 25-Schr Mabel Gray.
from San E>iogo; schr Maxim, from Santa Bar
bara: schr Emma Claudlna, hence July 7; schr
Helen X Kimball. hence July 10.
PORT TOWXSEX1)- Arrived July 25— Br
etmr Almond Branch, from Kobe.
Wednesday, Jfuly 25.
Stmr Soqullle River, Thompson, 74 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 29 hours from
Crescent Cltr.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALIj, .THURSDAY, JULY 26, 1900.
11
GRAND HOTEL.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and S9 Fifth ft. Tel. South 167.
fCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EKBALXERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rated. .
'{Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher). .
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South £0.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
SAiN FRANCISCO. CAL. -
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF*A.\r
ORGANIZATION having a presiding offlcer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and organ services
la tJO. The same (or members of th« family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent. .
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
CAUC Slfc Mrst Class including Bsf.i
I H.IIl S3 Second Clasv ana /V.ealt.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails August 1
COLUMBIA sails July 2T, August 6
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD, General Agsnt,
C30 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dispatch for
NO7VIEV
PORT CLARENCE, CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant, Commodious, Fast Al Passenger
Steamship,
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-five hundred tons' displacement,
ABOUT 1.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO.,
220 Market St., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of palling.
SS. AMERICA MARIT.... Friday, August 3. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARTT
Wednesday, August 29, 1900
bk Nippon MARr :
Saturday. September 22. 1W0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passase apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
irEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LiNDOS. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Kvery Wednesday, 10 a. m.
y ew York August ft St. Lmils August 22
St. Paul August 15 New York. ...August 29
H£l> STA?* LINE.
K r v/ Yorl^ and Antwerp
From New York Even' Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland .August IiiAragonta ....August 15
Kensington ..August 8 'Noordland ...August 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
20 Montgomery Street.
COMPAONIS GENE BALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS -pvj^,
• Bailing every Thursday. Instead of <SiJKS
Saturday, from November 2, 1S39, at" £W * s< » ! s»
10 a. m , from Pier 41. North River, foot of
Morton street: LA TOURAINE. August 2:
L'AQUITAINB, August 9: LA BRETAGXE,
August 16; LA LORRAINE. August 23. First
class to Havre. $?2 BO and upward. Second 4 cla,?s
to Havre $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 22 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
FL'GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 6 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. : 1
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
II'ARIP* AND HAMRURO.
TWlX-SrREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Falllne. etc., Anply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 B"<3w'y.N.Y.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
ReFtTvert If secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. for Paclrtc Coast,
401 California St., corner Sansome, S. F.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HOXOLULU, AriA
AUCKLAND AXD SYDNEY.
SS ALAMEDA fvia Honolulu), to Xew
"Zealand and Australia Wed.. Aug. ?, f p. m.
S S AUSTRALIA* Honolulu only)...
Wednesday, August 11, t p m
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., rt4 Montgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Office. 327 Market SL
1/nOlinO I IMC HATHOR .....5500 tons
K Nm N l_nfc orrAVIA '000 tons
IMJOIIIUU LII1U LfxOR fiSOO tons
: ABYDOS 4000 tons
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg:,
via Mexican ports, Central and South
America, etc.
! S' S. Tanla. 4*00 tons, sails about August 10.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery »t. Pier No. 7 — Freight offlco,
327 Market St., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS^
FOR IU. NAYYJARD AND YALLEJoT
Steamer "Monticello."
HON.. Tues.. .Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:4S
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex-Thurs. nlKht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. in., S
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main l-*>08.
FARE 50c.
KIMI. ESXJLXB COIXTHY For Sale
••: • boat* in town. Alarneda County. 2$
r ra !:i:s ci'y; extcnsivi? poultry houses
-£rj!=; tioui«e of 10>j0 pisreens: reai estate.
cmi j.roiwrty. all for $700. Call at once.
- Cali/crni* ti.. ro-Ma 2.
?11A11- iruit ranch of 17 acres lor ea'.e
In* -M.r.s all farming utensils: situ-
Fonoma County. Address J. o
UECKKR. Phti Rafa«1. ':¦.¦!'.;
06 WILL ": uy a ranch sn :?an Mateo County
; acre«: partially Imrroved with
i-tnn »r..I 'r-iits; only 4 rcile? from a prlncl-
!-¦.-.-.!. r.. n-.-K 16€. Call .affice.
CCCRATB j-rsnnal knowledge— each of "the
r > rs:xi-e5 en iry BALE and EXCHANGE
. -• More Than all other agents in This city
N. I>. St'7iCKL«. the land agent. 6 Geary jst.
.CRES-ra>rmo: c'.'.ves. orar.ges. Cg7
;-f-r?; full beartrs; a bargain. W. B. JONES
< Pnwtt «t. .'.-.---.• .^'.-f.
"K ir.1 cT-am ranch for sale: Colusa Co •
r.c---; no per acre; 500 B raln. rest hilt
-.tA. M. E. CHAKDON. Marycvtlle. Cal.
in? en ir.PtaI!mtr.t»; well lrEpro\-^d M*
'1T.IKF1.V. -1» Market st.. rear i^all buiMing."
T-'V. fFl»— 1M acres or the finest o!l land; $10
r*T r.cre; f'T'.'r.ra. Hvx S<?e. Cull office.
lto<»>l» toil "f»"*KHfCKPIXOJ
A I'l-AT &r « b*autiful large rooms. ¦wlde^halU
r-.r.tiTery tubs, with bath, completely fur-
r.sbed ror hrnjeekeeptrr : hot and cold vafr-
ku* ur.a telephone; new house: fln« vlew-
heslthy location; in a small private family:
cfcllArea rent reasonable 4^21
T'fr.t'.eth ct.. near Castro.
AT C Reeond— Light l;o«j«>ekf>eplrur. Jl co to $2 50
p-r wk: ringle and d"ubl». SI to t2 £0 per wic.
CLEMENTINA. 2?1. near Fourth-Sur-iy housed
kef-pinj; rooms : also slajrle.
EOTT, SIT — Xireiy furr:ii>hed junav connecting
h^usekeejiirg rooms: Fri'ridid location.
FIRST. 2C5. just above Fr!f=c:n— < rocms fcr J
faralHea: in goefl orfler; *I5.
HATOtrSOSf. T3l— Front ,-.nj back jrarlor*: fur-
r.:eh<?«i ccn:?:ete for r.fkping; yard; rent $13.
liO"TARi>. l*T>u — Housekeeping roorr.s. rlrftle
«-r suite; c.TT.forts.hly furnished: reasonable.
LARKIN. ICC4. near Post— Sunny rooms; light
bouwkeci i:ig; double roorr* t? rsonth.
MCALLISTER. LSS— : nlce:y furnished tunry
front rooiut; sink, range, bath, laur-io'; J15.
illNNA. 5i<>— FurrlEhed rooms, ccinpleta for
houaekeepin.
OAK. "IS — Larye eur.cy rcorr.; cloeet: furr.iehed
fer housekeeping, JS; emalier room!, J6.
OCTAVIA, IVS, ccr. Gearv— Parlor suite; bay-
wlridow; hous<ik'pnf ; ccR-.pUte: gts stove: jU.
OTARRniL. 1CC3— Larce front alcove room,
with rrvjin afijoir.ing. complete for hcusekyg.
PC»WELL 1401—2 cr 8 5arge sunny ro^ms; coa-
cect"<l with kitchen; r»» *rid bath: fcr house-
keeping^^ '¦-
EIXTJi :Ct — Fror.t an-! back parlor*; suitable
f. r ciZct-: eisa rojms tat light housekeeping.
FTTTEXFOX, C-42. bet. 7th and 6th rls.—S fur-
r.Ished hoL,ptkeepirg roonss; bath; central.
TATLOR, ICS^A sur.ry suite c'. housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
. — I — . — . ¦ i
TENTH. 1?6 — F-jnry hcuaekeeplcg roon^; nlc« |
tunny yard.
CLASSIFIEL' advertisements and rubscriptlor* I
receive at Ca'A faraach office. 22ro Fillmcre st.
A BRANCH ctflce fcr Call advertisements and
«-ubfcr1r*'.rr.p im L**n «-f:afcll*h«-d at 10« Va- I
>ccia s'_ ;
ROOMS TO LET Form, nnd Catara.
A-EP.rN5'XICK HOU=n. I*? "sixth-Rootns
BSc to tl rer night, tl 25 to JS per week, and
I'.jcht housekeeping: open all r.ight.
BOHEMIA.:!? poet— Fir.est sunny suites In city
fcr faiEtiie* aiid ger.Uerc^n: all conveniences;
special accctnsiods.rior.E fcr ;ourists.
r.fP.xnTT, :*M Market et. (old No. 1SM1— Fur-
cifhed ra-.s.. suites, s^nirie; also unfurnished.
i'.I'SH, $65 — Sur.cy roca fcr gentleman; private
!an;l!y; moderate.
ELEVENTH. 4L near Market St.— Sucsy fur-
r.:thed rocas tor 1 cr 2 gentlemen; u«e of
parlor end phcr.e; rer.t t?.
ELLIS. 63S. cor. Lark:n — gunny furnished room
fcr J; folding bed; Welsbacb.
FOLSOM. 5^. cor. €th <The Ol'.rer)— Newly fur-
r.;«fced tanny rniE, eingle cr 6u:tes; reasonab'.e.
GEART.4K (The Navarre>— Eleg«r.tly fura'.shei
rooms; suites or s'.r.gle; travelers aeco' dated.
GRAXD POCTHERN.6?uthea5t corner Seventh
and Mis»'.T3 tie. — gunny rooms, en suite cr
fir.gle; ladies' paricr; reafiinsr-room; elevator.
l: r >TEL Frar.c'.FCO— Eleirar.t ru'.tes; single; tran-
sient: baths. MRS. KING. Ttrk and Taylor.
HOTTAKD. t^— Rooms from Jl week up to t5;
25c to $1 ni?ht; also housekeeping- rooms.
HOT'ARD, 9iS, cor. €th— Nicely furnl-h'i sunny I
rocme; reasonable; ty day. week or month.
HOWARD, 1CC:B— Nice siagXt roora for gentle-
man: tl V, per week.
MARKET. 1^.2. • cnr. Van ICe«s — Bnnar front
rrns., with run. water; rr. fS up; also hskpng.
MINNA. 667, corner Eiphth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. Jl per week; transient.
JCETVVLY fumlthe<! roorri*: sun ail <!ay: rin^le
or en suite; strictly private family; refer-
ences. B' i C441, <"all of 2c*.
0 FARJiELL. C& — Sunny fumifhed rooTns and
ofSofj; elevator; electric lights; <lay. wk.. nio.
I'OTVELL. 121— Llpht. clean rrr.s.: suites r>r gln-
gfle; transient: rur.r.ir;? water; rales reduced.
r.OBET>ALE H'-oiKe. SIS- and SI1 El!l« Et.— Room*,
r.'.jrht 23c to tl. week SI 25 to t4; open night.
n r »TAL HOCBE. IX Ellis ft— Incandescent
iicht: rfa-iine-roora. sroking-rnnm and ladles'
. paricr; rwrns, r»r riipht. Sf." to fl SO: »eek, 12
to **; month, $> to »?): elevator on offlce floor;
rooms w'.th hot ar.d ccld water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, C4?— Neat fnrr.ishea rooms;
private family; 11 and vpvzri.
SKERMAX Apartrr.or.t House. 2% Eighth et.,
near Market— Furr.i«hed or unfurnished.
FTTTTER, SI3C — 1 or 2 Is rye fr->nt r<v>inB for
etu2io or office; pits; c&'A after 5 p. m.
EUTTER, IKS— Lerge nssy rear roora: closet,
rjnr.isg water, sas: t? month: snia.ll front
room, |<! mr.nth; mr^em; cca%-enient.
TEH AM A. S77— Two r.icely furnished rooms;
r-nt chea?.
TilT. OAKS, .-? Th'ri— A roM r'vsrn'.r.r house
:-r g-^od r-ecr 1 .". R. HUGHES, prorrletor.
THIRD. CO— Two large ur.fumishf>d rocrr.s;
bath: also furnished, with uw» cf kitchen.
1 FT~N'N'T plttwnt room*: oc.mfortabiy fur-
njehed fcr 3 «du!ts: r.orth of Market: reason-
able rent: references. R^m 212, Claus
fipr<wk»is Building.
CLAFflHED sdv-ertlsTnentB and *ub*<Tiption«
received et Call branch office. tSM Fillrr.r>:e rt.
A BRANCH office fcr CUl sdvenUeraer.ts ar.d
subscr.rtlc'-* t a « been •Etabllshed at 1WS Va-
>ncla «t.
IIOOMS A\D BOIXID.
HOTEL Puth<^-land. TP1 Putter st. : choice l-vs^
t!on: irunny roon?» with board: Crst-ciass with
every con\enlence.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive Interior ar.d table. 607 California et.
L.AS PALMAB. f«"0 Market ft.— Suite of 2 or 3
nns.: prtnXBl bath; sin. nns.; board optional.
CFARHELL, 741. resr Hyfie— Board, with or
¦rftho'jt lurr.iFb^d roonr
CHCAPKST and b«-st in America— TT>e Weekly
Call. 16 page*. »ent to any addref* in the
I'r.Ued Statea or Canada or.e year for $1
pcrttLge raid
ROOMS A.\O BOARD WASTED,
11OOM and board for boy cf 19 with private
family In vkin'.ty cf Putter and Polk sts.;
J12 r-r month. Box S;IT, Cail.
CALL Et Ronra R^ntirs Agency, <12-<2J Exain-
Iner boitdtPK. It you want to rent roisms.
SPECIAL SOTICES.
- - ,
LADIES—Chichrrter^ English Pennyroval Pills !
are the t*st; eafe, reliable: take no ether: i
vend tc Ftampa for particulars. "Relief for j
Ladies." Sri letter hy return mail: at <Ji-ur-
i. ¦?-.!=. Chtchester Cliemical Co.. I'hilade!.. Ta. j
iif'iMS rarerci from $3: whitened. H up; j
r^irtir.p flcag. Hartrr \s.n Paint Co.. STS ThlrJ.. j
EAP tenant* ejr-^:«»<l for U: collections made: j
nty or country. PACIFIC <X>LLCCTION j
CO.j IIS Mouutoumy 't.. rooms S-10; tel. X.Z1.
fE\vi>« machi.m:s a.\u sipimjj:*.
ALL kln.1? tiought. fold and repairing guaran-
tMftrr?Cfe«J. Plaafceelr. Uli Mission, rr. l'.th.
ALL kln<5* r-oupht. »¦'.'.. exchanged, rented;
r»jalrr.g at lon^i rat<-o. 2Ti Fourlh et.
STORAGi: AMJ WAREHOUSES.
VTII^SOTi BEOS.. *tnrare aad mo vlni :
isbs. Tenri: »nd Market: phone South 761.
PACIFIC Ftorape ar.d Furr.iture Movlnp Corn-
rany- Z.7* Fillmore et.: rhone Jarkson_281 ._
BKKIV? Van snd Storage Co.. T^~MT»JBlon~Ft7:
T>-! M^tn JS4C' — Packing-, rmvlng and storaxe.
""i'Vl'KWKITKISS AMI sTl'I'LIES.
«/U:AT nARGAIN'S IN TVrETVRITKRM\>
\ .;se In the cltr: rfntals. |J. Th» Typewriter
Li'i.ange. 3"6 Callforni*. t^lephnne Main £C6.
A TTPKWr.ITER. L-rand new, for fZO. RE-
VyvL."-. . *o» California iu
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
[*•';--*¦¦» ALAMEDA ROOMS.
THREE larpe rooms completely furnished, with
the use of double parlor?; <Mose to station; in
Bood location: complete for housekeeping.
?>01 Centra: ave.. Aiameda,
BERKELEY- ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IN I>rk*ler— Two-Ftcry modern cottase. seven
laree rooins and bath; double parlors : heavy
r-..J<iir.gs: T-ft. basement: brick foundation;
:ot Mxl2i: street work cornplete; price J3250:
rrjnthly paym?nts u desired. Inquire ou
premise*. 3^17 Fulton Et.. Ashby Ptation: or
llercr: &• Holcomb. 1C>C0 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXI) H.12AL KSTATE.
f2500: OX INSTALLMENTS. COST $3000.
New tome of 6 rooms, conservatory, enamel
bath. Oj«n plumbing, high basement and all
modern improvements; lot J.Cxl40 feet (note the
B'.xt\, with open lawn, gravel driveway, stone
walks; good, substantial barn; fruit tre-->s. etc.:
rents for ?17 &O ivrr month; owner is away:
nicest locality, near Grove «. ; a!l street work
dcr.»; a regular home place; all in socd condi-
tion; etaaocca like this are rare: look into this
r.t ence i' you want to buy; no mortgage on
Uda pr^r^'ty; **Wf monthly payments or a lib-
eral discount for a quick cash sale. Call or
write UEORGF. W. AUSTIN & CO..
W% }?roadwa::. Oakiar.d.
JTWO. FtTKNTSHED (Y»UPLETE. $2C>00.
Modern Eastlake 5-r3cmed cottage, nearly
new. with bath, stationary tubs, high base-
ment, brick foundation, etc.; situate on promi-
nent street, ere block from Pan Pablo-avenue
electric cars; is well rented now; owner away
arid ar.xious to feil; lot alone cost J1C0O; this
is a enat- GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1C3S Broadway, Oakland.
J2J0O COTTAGH FOR J16C0.
VXPARALLELED SNAP.
ContalnSr.s 5 rooms, bath, double parlors,
mameis. first-clap* conuitlon and order; ce-
ment walks; street wrck complete; t blocks
from brc*d paupe; in e'.ejrant neighborhood;
close to schools, cars and business center; part
cash, balu.nr» mortpaire: first com* first served.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
H6M TROPERTT FOR $34^1
A new colonial h<mse, 1 rooms; latest Ideas
that make an up-to-date house; elevated
ground, surrounded by modern homes: the fin-
ish something new, dlnip.g- room, beamed ceil-
irp, vece»r; all rooms In variegated tir.ts;
sunny exposure; near local trr.ln. cars and
business center; here's the be«t in Oakland;
pftrt cash, balance mortEajre.
J. F. MYERS. 1>">2 Broadway. Oakland.
|1T5 CASH. 110 monthly; new cottage: 3 large
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation; 8
laree level lnt». 10>>x2S8. J3S5: will fence and
finish up tn BOit buyer; plenty of good water;
sell, climate and view the very best; close to
electric car line and 5">-foot wide boulevard,
and not far from mod*l schoolhous*; no foes
ncr raw winds here: We«thall Tract, adjoin-
ing East Oakland: 19 buildingrs gone up al-
ready: more coming: call or send for circular.
<" F»venth st. near cor. Broadway, Oakland:
carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
OFFER wanted— Washlnjrton-st. business cor-
r.er: Income $70 rer month; lot 73x75; fine
future: must he sold. WILLIAM J. DIN-
OEE. 903 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sa'e— New modern cottage: 6 large rooms.
Lath and laundry; lot UXLSi feet. Call at 14C0
Filbert Ft.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The. Weekly
Call. 1« pajyes, sent to any address In the
1'r.ited States or Canada one year for II,
postage paid.
OAKLAND FCRXITinE FOR SALJ3.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. Uth anj Franklin. Oakland.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Bid* will b» re-
ceived by the undersigned, until 6 p. m., Au-
pust 6, and then opened, for the construction
of & wharf and warehouse covering about 100.-
<K> /quare feet and about 800 f«*t of trestle
approach near the mouth, of the Columbia
River. Clatscp County. Or. Plans and speci-
fications can te seen and blank forms of pro-
posals secured at the offlce of the Astoria
and Columbia P.iver Railroad In the Flavel
building. Astoria. Or. A satisfactory bond
wiil N» required of the successful bidder. The
undersigned reserves the right to reject any
cr all bids in whole or in part as per forms
of proposal and si>eciar-ations. NORTH-
WEST CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
CONSTRUCTION OF SEWER— Sanitary Dis-
trict No. 1 of Marin Countv, Cal.. asks for
bids for the cr.rmiruction of a system, cf sew-
ers in Ross Valley, Marin County, as per
l>lans and Ftociflcaticns on file with the sec-
retary. Kignt reserved to reject any and all
bids. Bidders will vVase call between the
hours c ¦'. '-• a- m. and l! m.. and I and 4 p. m.
HENRY F. ALLEN, President.
T. B. BERRY. Sec. 120 Sutter St.. fi. F.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men— Nct'.ce Is hereby given to all concerned
that sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
the erection of a residence for the president
of the university and fur performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
for, and Fan fct^s cr proposals will be received
at the office ot tne Regents of the University
cf California in the Mark Hopkins Institute
ot Art. corr.er cf Mason and California sts .
gan ?rancifro. Cal.. at or before 12 o'clock rn
of the JOth day °f July. i!-90; and notice 1$
hereby further irtven that the plans and
i-peciflcaticns of said building have been made
and adopted and are placed in the office of
Albert Pissls. architect. 307 Sanscme st. San
Francisco, where the same may be seen and
examined during each day from 9 o'clock a
m ur.tll 4 o'clock p. m., from this day until
thi 2Sth day of July. 1?00. No bids or pro-
posals will be considered unless the same are
accompanied by a certified check or a bona
cf tald proposer in the sum of ten (10) p er
cent of his proposal, with mfficient sureties
conditioned that. If said bid or proposal shall
be accepted the party proposing will duly en-
ter into a proper contract to faithfully per-
form the duty and obligations in accordance
with said proposal. an4 plan and specifica-
tions, which shall be and are hereby required
to b* a part of such contract. The right to
reject any and all bidF Is hereby reserved.
This notice is given pursuant to an act en-
titled "An act to amer.d an act entitled an
act to create and organize th» University of
California." approved March 23. 1SSS. and an
act eraer.aalr.ry of fcticri 15 thereof, ap-
proved Slarrh "S. 1«7J. relating to the con-
Ftruc'icn of building?, approved March S, I?37.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings in AlRrreda County.
W. A. McKOWKN. Acting Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 107 (fifty
cent* per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the offlce of the
company. 2C7 Market St.. on and after
WEDNESDAY, Aurust 1. 1900. Transfer
books will close on Thursday. July 26, 1900,
at > o deck p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriac? licenses were Issued
jreaterday:
IVar.k Dalllerto. 27. £14 - ~i Scott Street, and
Maria Lacabanne, ZS, 439 Bush street.
Felice Glannini. 27. lOW gansome street, and
Af.'ur-.tiTia Pucmti, IS, 1S20 Mason street.
Charles Miller, 22. Antioch. and Hannah
ChriElenson. IS. Antioch.
Alfred E. Cohen. 3". 133 Post street, and Jen-
nie I. Cohen. 35. tffl Ton street.
Clarence A. Cushman. 25. 31 Van Ness ave-
nu». sri'i ?s><\n B. Friss»ll. IS. 21 Van Ness avc.
John (>. Krfman. Zr. rv»nv»r. Colo., and JlaJ-y
R. .io=<--i>h. £S. l-o? Anjreles.
Henry S. Davis, 5. f.<r<» ; Fol«om street, and
Juft'.ne Carsou, 5>i. !¦*) Geary street.
Francis Ctothm, 27. 41C4 Seventeenth street,
and Cath«»r:n» Desmonri. ZS. JS4 William street.
Ti-m Chuc. 3S. New Westminster. B. C, and
Emma Chan. ?l. Kt FacramTito street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriatre and d^ath notices eent by
mail wlil net be inserted. They must be handed
in at <>lther of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Eons authortzed td~have the^ same published.
BORN.
COCHRAN'-In this city, to the wife of Charles
W. Cochran, a daughter.
EMSIERICH-In this city. July !5, i?«, to the
wife of A. T. Ernm«r:ch. a son.
MARRIED. """"
IIILL— HERREN-In Uils city. July 24. 1500, by
the Rev. John Stephen?. Frank w. Hiu ar.d
Martha A. Hcrrin, both of £au Francisco.
JENKINS- WHITE- In this city. July CO 1900
liy the Kev. L>r. John' A. B. Wilson. Oliver C
Jenkins and Inis M. White-, both of San Fran-
cisco.
JOEL— CONSTINE— In this city, July 15, 1900.
by the Kev. il. S. Levy. Otto J. Joel an<J
I'auline 51. Constine.
EMITH— LAHUSEN— In this citj". July *i. 1S00.
nt Olivet CcrsrcKatlonel Church, by the Rev.
J(. T. ShtF-ard. 'pa.«-tor. Cliarlen T. Smith and
Hannah A. Lahuren. b3th nf San Francisco.
Ars-all. John
Bean. William L.
Carroll. Catherine
Perkj, Caat. Edwar.1
Powell. B*atrice n. •
Ccbmidt. Mrs. Jennie
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
W_ vharf. San Francisco:
w*fc«. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
kS^^fe. July 30. August. 4. Change to
|*^SrSi% company's steamors at Seattle.
I5l nffivSft For Victoria, Vancouver iB.
jjjJMZH V»j C), Port. Townsend. Seattle.
IjfsBX^uiajCi Taccma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
II a. m., July 3 n . August 4, and
every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. R"v: at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. K'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. July !..
August 1. and even* fifth day thereafter.
For Snnta Cruz Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
EaFt San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 3
a. m..July ?3. 30, August 3, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Saa Dieso. storplngr only at Port Har-
ford (Sat? Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m., July 28, August 1, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For.Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT nPKICE- * New Montgomery
Btreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
Passengers are advised to Inspect the Senator
before purchasing tickets via other steair-ers,
as her second-class and steerage accommoda-
tions are superior to the first-class accommo-
dations on most of the steamers advertised for
Xcme. The Pacific Coast Steamship Co. has
been runnins Its steamers to Alaska — winter
and summer — for 35 years, and Is the Pioneer
Pacific Coast Line. For further information
Inquire of H. H. LLOYD, Ocean Dock, Seattle,
Wash.: N. POSTON. 249 Washington St., Port-
land. Or.; W. PARRIS. 124 West Second St.,
Los Angeles Cal.; GOODALL, PERKINS &
CO.. Gen. Arts.. 10 Market St., TICKET OF-
FICE— 4 New Montgomery st., San Francisco.
AUG. 6 and SEPT. 6.
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
WILL SAIL FROM
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Paclflo Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
1 CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
; INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. GERMANY. ON THE
31?t day of December. A. D. 1S33. ar.d foi
• the year ending: en that day. as made to the
Insui-ar.ce Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to th» provisions or sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by th» Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up in
Cash 1750.000 00
ASSETS.
! Real Ertate owned by Company 655.SC6 00
Loans on Bond* and Mortgages 8.S31.060 00
Ca«h Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company HI. 070 37
Cash In Company"9 Office 22.405 «7
Cash in Banks 66,135 80
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans SIS 73
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion KJJ.C33 93
Bills receivable, net Matured, taken
k for Fire and Marine Risks 1,740 73
Due from other Companies ror Re-
Insurance S45.S79 50
Total Assets I1O.J35.201 31
; LIABILITIES.
• Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $87,6<i S
» Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Xavleatlcn Risks. I : re-
: surance IGO per cent J2.W0 12
i Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ : re-Insurance sO per
Liability under other Branche* 9,4£9.464 20
¦ Cash dividend* remaining unpaid 337 50
• Due for re-Insurance 9.469 59
Total Liabilities $9.669.K3 45
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ma-
r rlne premiums -. JS39.772 05
Received for Interest en Bonds and
Mortgages 834,912 27
> Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Leans and from
all other sources 44,298 43
• Received from all other sources 2.193,127 40
Total Income 13.112.110 15
EXPENDITURES.
' Net amount paid' for Marine Losses
(including losses of previous
years) $401.193 06
• Dividends to Stockholders 107.500 00
Paid or allowed fcr Commission cr
Brokerage 89,934 S3
• Paid for Salaries. Fees and other .
charges for officers, clerka. etc I4.C38 M
' Paid for State. National and Local
l taxes 2.6TS 95
All other payments and expenditures 1.419.581 30
' Total Expenditures J2.044.9fiS 42
' Marine Losses Incurred during the
j year I470.1S7 01
i Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
» written during the
year »230.2S7,627 1543.455 SB
• Net amount of Risks
' expired during the
year K8.2S0.410 (09,448 49
r Net amount In force
December 31. 1899 9.243.59S 112.303 91
. j TH. DAMMANN. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this May
day of 7th. 1900. EMIL ALT. Notary Public
CUTTE & FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. j
Slow
San Franciscans
r Don't know yet that the
Santa Fe is running daily-
trains to the Valley ' Cities
and to the East —
9 a. m. train goes
through to Chicago every. -
day in the year with
r Sleepers and a Diner
down the Valley —
4:10 p. m. train goes
only to Stockton.
8 p. m. train goe3 to
> Fresno and Bakersfield with
a fine Sleeping Car for each
place.
The bright people know
this and are traveling, but
honest! you never heard
of it before.
! 628 Market St.
and Ferry Depot
94108
I 4 4
? ¦ ?
CALIFORNIA NOSTflWESTEHH HY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DATS— 7:S0. »:C0. 11:00 a. m.: U:33t
S:ZO. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Tfcu rs Jay w— Extra trip
at 11:53 o. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:4*
end 11:CO 0. ra.
BUNDAYS-S:0O. t:M. 11:00 *. m.; 13fc I:*
6:00. C:IS p. m.
, SAX RAFAEL TO SAJT JTtANCISCXX
"WEEK DAYS— «:18. T:», »:», 11:10 a. ra.: llrflL
f:40, 5:15 p. ra. Saturday »-Extrm trips U
1:E5 and t:J5 o. m.
BTNDATS— 8:10, »:«. U.-U a. m.| 1:«, l:«t
B:C5, «:2S V. in. ZL'-*-
Between San Ftancl*co and SaSuetiea Putt
same schedule aa abovow
Leave I In Effect. 1 Arrlr*
Ban FTanclseo. [Apr. 15. 180O.) Ban Tnnelwot*.^
¦ Week J Sun- I 1 Ban- I' |Je** T
Days. [ days, f DettlnaMon.1 day*. | Daym.
T:30 am 8:00 «m Novato. 10:40 am] 1:40 an
»:30 pm »:SO am Petaluma. «:05 pmlO* ara
6:10 pm 5.-00 pm Santa Ro»a- 7:S5 pmj 1:30 pra
Fulton. —
t M am Windsor. 10:31am
Healdsburff.
Ljrtton.
Ge?»errllla.
I: JO pin IMia Clov«rdale, 7:35 prg t:W pai
'T-tOamj j HopUnd T 119:25 aa»
»:S0 pm| 1:00 am[ and TJltlah. I 7:3S pm| «:20 pim
ytitm ~ 10:» ax*
8rf» am GuerneTllJe. T:K pm
1:80 pm iliOyn
T'30am 8:00 am Bonoma 9:15 am 8:49 aa
•Sind
5:19 pm B:M pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 830 pm j
T:30 aa! 8:00 am! \WM am;i0:M am
1:30 pm| p:CO pra| get>a«topol. I T:»a pni| <:» pm
Stages connect at Fanta Rasa for Mark W«t
BDrinei! and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Spring*: at
Gey»erYllle for Eka£ss Pprlnr?: at Cloverdal*
for the Oey»#r»: at Hopland for Dnnean
Eprlnirs. Hlghmnd SprlnBS. Kel.ej-rttle Carls-
bad SprinKs, Sodi Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Epriwrs; at Uklah for Vichy Sprigs. Baratoja
BprlngB Blue L 1m. Laurel D«ll Lake. Witter
£r— lnss. T*pp»r Lak#. Porno. Potter Valley.
Jonn Day**. Rlvereide. L4erley*». EacItaelVi,
Banhe^tn Helrhta. Hullrine, Orr-a Hot
EnrlnM. Mendoclno City. Fort Brajrz. We«t-
port Uaal. WllHts, Laytonvllle. Cummlr.s.
EeH"9 Bprinrs. Harrla. Olsen'a, Dyer. 8cotl»
8aturda7%i> Monday rwand trio tickets at j
' | reduced rates.
i On Sunday round trip tieketa to all potnts
1 I beyond San Ra£a«l at half rates.
1 Ticket of"ce«. CSO Market mt.. Chronic!* bide.
S. C. "WHlTrNG. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. AftaC
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco Tja Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.... 9:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
! SUNDAYS....*, 9. 10, 11 a. m.. 1:30, 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. SI 4>.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS XOW OPEN
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(•2i")HKABXTfST. Establish
In 185* tor the treatment ol Private
Disensea, Uj9t.M»nhnod. D*-blHtror
i dlseaep^earingoii bodyacdmlndan<l
| Skin Diwaaes. The doctorcureawbeu
! others fall. Try him. Charget low
!<'iire. s iiiirant f fi CallorwrilA
»»-. J. *'- uIBBUS, Box 1937.Sao Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
iacdebI fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. GERMANY. ON THE
3!s: day of December, A. D. 13S3. ar.d for
the year ending on thlt <iav. a.« made to th? In-
surance Commissioner of the State of CaXifor-
n!a^ nunuant to the provisions of aectiona t\>>
and «U of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
c " sl » J7».eO0 0O
ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company O7.I44 30
loans on Bends and Mortgages LIM.I63 SS
Cash Market Valtw of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.S4J.S33 J2
cash m Company's Offlce j ?gj <n
Cash In Banks 3C0 C3 40
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan* , 8.433 74
Premiums In du= Course of Collection 344 007 «1
Due from other Companies for P.e-in-
8ur *»c« CS.973 50
Total Assets .S4.S37.S44 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspens* J5S3.C30 M
Gross Druniumt on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $ ; re-in-
surance ZO per cent 1.833. 113 29
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning more than en* year. $ ;
re-insurance pro rata 2T1 I 1 ** «^
Cash dividend* remaln'rg unpaid l!c^7 50
All ether demands ajal.-.st the Com-
p* n y »«.:?« 9*
Total Liabilities S2,gs*.«c« Kf
INCOME.
Net cash actually receired for Flr#
premiums J4 00; e»- 13
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 47,40! M
Received for Interest ani dividend*
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all' other sources 74 714 n
Received from all other sources 17^53 12
Total Income M.tt2.S0S 11
EXPEXDITURES.
Net amount paid fcr Fire Loss** Mn-
clu.ilng 1561, 2H SI losses of previous
years) **.*?R.4€C 7|
Dividends ti> Stocfcho!rt»rs 31I.S0O C»
Paid or allowed for Commi«ion or
Brokerage 7*?, 90' 35
Paid for Salaries, Fee*, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 2P9.771 !!
P»W for State. National ar.d Local
taxei W.271
All other payments ar.d expenditures 21J.333 n
Total Expenditures «.I33.r.2 «4
H. VATKE. President.
RUDOLF BERXDT. Vice PresMenr.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thl3 7th
fiay of April. 1300.
GEORGE H. MT'RPHT.
U. S. Vice Consul at Magdeburg.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers.
Pacific Coast Department,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
SAXLROAS TRAVEL.
Pi- tii kick rAcirif conriXT.
(r*cme BtnTCM.t
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
ibayk — Faou July IS, I9C0. — abriti
•7:OI»\ Benicii. Suiaun, Elmira. V»c»fi:>.
Bnma«7 and S»cr»:ne:ito *7:43p
•«:OOa Shuta EwM-I»aTis, William* (for
Bartlett Spriozi). Willowi. Kad
Bluff. PorUandT. *7i*3r
*7:3Aa Martinez, S»a K»mpn, V»llejo, N»p».
t'»li!it' gi *:.il .-»nr» lUxa *6>l3p
¦S:O«a Daris. WoodUad. Knights Lftodloc.
MttTsfiUa. Orotiil*. »7««r
*S:O«a Atlantic Uxpreaa — Ugden and E*st •11:1s*
••::io* San Jo<9. Liiermurr, Stocktoti.
lou*. Saerftinsuto. PlaeerviUa,
M.ryitiilMhic. UtX Ulnff 'lillp
•BiSOa Oakdalr. Chines* (for YoaemiteX
.-inner*. Cartels. MiISp
•E>:0O* Hij*w.!i. Nil-B am! Way Station*. M 1 14.1,
•0:«Oa Loa Acffele* Eipr ••• — Martinez,
Tracy, Ltthrop. doockton, Merced
and Fresno •«»4.'>p
•9>3*A V»li-j 1. Martinez and Way Slatlon. •3il.tr
•l»:Oi»* The O«»fUii>l Limited— Ogiea, Den*
tot, Omaha. Chlcacn *8:I9p
•II:OO& Nile*. Lisermote, Htocktoo, 8aera-
mento. Meudot*. llaiiford. Vl«»li».
PortnTilla "liISp
•l'i:nOM Usywaxdi. Nile* and Way Statlooi. '2:4* r
tliOOp Sacramento ItUei dte»mer« tSiOU*
•3:OMp Haywards, Nll-t and Way Slattern.
•4:oo r M»rtiii.>. Hiui lUinon. Vallajo.
Napa. L.'K!l»t»i«, Hunta Uusa •ttil-1* ,
•lioop B-uicH, Wi&ten, Sacramento,
Wooiliautl, Kuigliti Ijtadluf,
M irfstiii-. OrotlllA *I»:«1a
•4<3<*r NllM.8an JuMaodStoektOB •7il3r
•3:tt«pTfa« Owl limited— Trmcy, Tnmo.
BakerBfield. Hang-as for SaaU B*r-
bara, Loa ADjelen *»il3*
•5:00r Fr*siio Pamecger— Martinet. Lath-
top. Stockton, M«reti>i. Bei<Biida>
(Itaymnnd for Toaemlte). Frsauo.. *l*t!3p
*S:39rI7ew Orleanf Express-UakenneM.
Barbara, I.e.* Angeln. Uem>
Inc. El l'uu. New Grleaus and
Kast •••4.1*
•B:»Of H»jw*rds. NilesandSan Joae •T:4.-» t
1«:OOr Vallsjo ....Maililr
•»:O«rOrienUl SI»11— Ogden. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago *11:4.1a
*S:OOr Oriental Mail— Olden. Denver.
Om*a» Chlea<o. •4:15?
JTiOOr Vallejo. Port Cost* and Way Sta-
tions. 19:31 f
*8iO3r Oreionaod CaitforaU Kiprnje.Mao-
t.»?nriiti.. Marjiwllr, Kvil.liiiK.
r..rtlan.1. Tiiget s,,,,,,,1 ami Kai> «41»I3%
COAST DIVISION CUrrorf «»« B *).
(Foot nf Mi rket Street.)
JT:13a Saata Crm Kicarsion for baata.
Croz mad Principal Way Stations {SiO3p
*<)I3» >'e**rk.<>u»rri!.>.8an.»o»e,r>!ton.
Bon!»l*r Crtek,3»nta Cmi and Way
Station! •«st»r
t»:ISr Hewmrk, C«nter»llle. San .Jc»*>. New
AlmtJfD, Krltoix Ronlder Croek,
gaota ftni sod rrlnclp«l Way
SUtlonf M«i.lu»
•4:l3p Newark, H»n Jnoe, I.rs (ia'ot t*'^<»»
cl:!3r Olgnwood. Feltoo. 8»nt* Crn» «»:3»*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
7fiaStR /nSCISW— fMt «r Market SUtit(Slt»t> —
•7:15 9C0 ll:00*.M. ti C3 •*» »J:W
•4:C3 - JS:C3 •«:Mr.u.
.'rtaOtlltSI — .'J»t »r3ftii«»». — -CCO 8:00 10:00*. W.
t»:i3 M:S3 »:C3 *»:C3 ti:C3 'Iflir.ii.
COACT DITBUOa (Brotd tiaagt).
, (ThlrJ and TovTneeixl Sta.>
~ <•:¦•* Ocean View, Sooth Han Franciico.. t*i3Op
17:00* Han Joae ami Way Station* (Ne*
Alrnaden We<lnei<]a|iouly) *tiS*P
tT:aO* SnixUy Exsorsicn f-r San Joae,
Hant* Cmi, Padlle Grove and
Principal W»y htatloa* IS<S3*
•BiOO* Han .l<-se, TrM riuoi. Santa ttux,
Pteltte Uro«e. P»i > Kakles, flan
I, nil Obli|M>. 8nrf. Lompoc aad
Principal Wa» 8totlon« Mtlvy
MtiUi Baa Jn«> ami Way Htatious '«i«»
•IllSO* SauJois.LoaGfttosaudWayStatloa* *3>S0r
t«>43r Saa Mstra, Itedwood, Meolo Pwk.
P**o Alto. a»nta Clara, San Joae,
Tree. Pine*. Baula Crnx. Sa'.Iaaa.
Honurei and Pacific Grove fl»:*«»
filiX*)p San Jose aad Way rfntlom •T:3»r
1 1:1. 1p.-&nJoi«aoit Principal Way Statlrm •»:«>»
t3:0f»r San Jo*<>, Lo* Gate* and Prlndp%l
Waj .Station. «t>:O**
*.1>3Op SuJom aad Principal Way StaUou* t«i-1."»»
•»:3»r 9»a Jee« and WayStationa t*:«»<»»
Ml^-Vr Sao Joeoapd Way StaUom •7:80r
A (3t Uoratng. P for A fternoon. '
¦ Dally. t Sunday exeepted. X Sunday only
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Bnnday. e Sunday and ilon lay
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Camnrnelnjr April 12. 1901,
rROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VUXLZT
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAT3-T:00. -JJO. 9:Z0. U:0» av m.;
12:43. 1:4$. 1:15. 4:13. *3:13. t:U. (:40 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS-^For Mill Valley aad S&a
Rafael, on Mondays. .Wednesdays. Satordajrst
and Sundays, at t:09 and 11:33 p. m.
ECXDAT3- 7:00. *S:0O. •»:«). 'lO-.W. 11:00. U:J»
a. ra.; 12:43, -1:33. 2:30. 'I.I5. 8:00, 4:00. 1M
p. in.
11:00 a. m. does not ran ta Saa Rafa«l 3ua-
Tri«n» m*rked (•> r«ti to Saa Qnratls.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3COL
WKEK DATS-«:S5. **M. 7M. »:40. »I8:U a,
m.: 12:». l:W. 1:15. t:ZX 4:J0, 8:10 p. ra.
EXTR-V TRIP3 on Monday.". Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *«:4S and 13:29 p. m.
6CNDATS— 4:15. •S:00. «»:M. •ll:OOe_ m. : 1Z:C*
in.: l;». t:15. *Z:Xk 4:30. »i:*S. «:45. 1:30, a.u
p. zo.
Train* marked (*) start frora Saa Queatla.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCT3CtX
WEEK DATS-«:53. 4:45. S:0O. S:&5. 1O:.» i!
m.: 12:15. I:4S. J:45. S:30, 4:50. «S0 p. ic.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and EaturdAr* at 7:19 and lD.tO p. m.
SUNDAT3-4:S5. »:«. 10:05. 11:19 a. m.: U:UL
1:20 ti». «:«3. 4-.IS. 4-.1». TrOS. W.JO p. m.
' THROCOH TRAtNi
7:C0 a. m. we«lc days— Cazadero and way »t«-
tlQOS.
1:15 p. m. Saturday*— Cazadfro aad way sta*
tlonp.
•:1S »». m. w«ka«Ti fSatnrdars excepted)—
Point Reyes and iray stations.
1:09 a, m. Sundays— Cazadero and way ita-
ttoet.
11:43 ». m. Sundays— Point Reyes aaA wax
jrtatioc*^ • ..-.,— ¦-- ..
CARD OF THAXK3.
" To friends of Mrs. C. Furrer and children
we desire to express our heartfelt thanks fcr
th? sympathy and kindness shown us in our
late bereavement.
MRS. C. FTTRRER and Children.
rrJ r Fri?ndj and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late 3368
Twenty-second street, thence to St. James
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
YOT.'NG-Iri this. city. July 2n. ISOO. T. J.
Young, a native of Ireland, aired 34 years.
ZFH-In Alameda. J-ily 2*. I!«V). Gottlieb J.
Zoh beloved sort of Gottlieb and J. Zeh. and
husband of Mollie Zeh. a native of Alameda,
as**! 27 years 5 m»nths anrl 25 dayp.
CyFrl«-n<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thiirsdav). at 10 o'clock, from the residence,
2230 Central avenue. Interment Mountain
View Cemete ry. Oakland.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
WALLACE— In this city. July 24. 1900, Mary
(nee Mulcahy), wife of James Wallace, a
resident of Mission Dolores forty-eight year?,
a native of Limerick. Ireland, aged S$ years.
C7"FriPrai<: and acquaintance's nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
{Thursday*, at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. CZS Santa Clara avenue. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
SULLIVAN- IP this city. July 24. ISOO, at his
residence. 12 Frcelon street. John F.. beloved
husband of the late. Main- SulHvan. father of
the late John F. Sullivan, end brother-in-law
of Mits Ann" Gilmartin, a native of County
Kerry, Ireland.
r_7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
THOMPSON— In this city. July VS. 1500. Emily
Thornr-son, beloved wife of C. Thomson,
mother of Emily, Willie. Harry and Joseph
Walford, daughter of Mrs. Marryana McLos-
ker. and slater of Charles. Harry and Joseph
MeLoskey. a native of San Francisco, .it-cil 46
years.
C7 Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
hefw«»en Vallejo and Dupont streets. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
URY— In Pan L«andr<\ Ju!y 23, 1?W, David, be-
loved husband of the late Fannie Ury. and
dearly belov«»d and devot»d father of Sol H..
Felix, Aaron. Sarah. Joseph and Isaac B.
ITry. Mrs. W. J. Wallace of Pan Francisco
srni Mrs. M. Courant of Oakland, a native of
Lomin, aged 72 years and 10 months.
C7The services will take place to-morrow
<FrIday>. at 11 o'clock, at the family resi-
dence, S"21 Sutter street. Interment private.
STAHL— In Alameda. July 24, 190n, Anna
Stahl. dearly beloved daughter of Arnold and
Louise Stahl. and sister of Elliot and Francis
Stahl. a native of Alameda, aged 14 >>ars 9
month? and 14 days.
CT Interment this day (Thursday). ~at t
o'clock, from Masonic Temple, Presidio
Cemetery-
POWELL— In this city. July 23, 1?CX>. Beatrice
Dorothy, dearly beloved and only child of II.
Earnest and Beatrice E. Powell, apd grand-
daughter of Mrs. Julia T. Jennings, a native
cf Pan Francisco, ased 7 months and 20 days.
SCHMIDT— At Bouldin Island, July 24. 1900,
Mrs. Jennie Schmidt, beloved wife of the late
Christian Schmidt, and sister of Mrs. Dora
E?gerling. Mrs. Charlotte Warnke. Mrs. So-
phia Mohrmann, Mrs. Gretchen Wocbcke and
Claus Kock. a native of Bremervoc-rde. Han-
over. Germany. aere<l 45 ve-ars and 4 months
arid 16 days. (Brooklyn, N. Y., papers please
copy.)
KTNotlce cf funeral hereafter.
SLOCUM— Suddenly, in Colusa. Cal.. July 24.
1900. Lot D., husband of Ruth B. Slocum. and
father of Harry B. Slocum, a native of Herk-
Imt-r County, New York, aged 65 years 6
months and 23 days.
C3"r>i»nd.» and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvKe.l to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), .it 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. "410 Mi-.-si!=?ir>pl street, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city, July 23, 1900, Timothy,
dearly beloved husband of Annie Lyons, and
loving father of Thomas. James. Timothy.
Joseph. David and the late John Lyons and
Mrs. D. Coleman, a native of Tralee. County
Kerry, .Ireland, aged 70 years 2 months and
1 day. (Rome. N. Y.. papers please copy.)
E^Frienrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4 Moulton avenue, off Buchanan
street between Greenwich and Lombard,
thence to St. Brigid's Church for services,
commencing at S:3'J o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MADDEN— In this city. July 23. 1900, Mary E.,
beloved wife of Michael Madden, mother of
Dar.lel. Johnnie. Margaret and Albert Mad-
deu, daughter of Dennis Murphy and the late
Hannah Murphy, and sister of Joseph and
Dennis Murphy, a native of Colma*- San Ma-
teo County, aged 26 years S months and 13
Cays.
ETTripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully.lnvlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Colma. San Mateo County, thence to
St. Ann's Church, where a solemn requiem
muss will be celebrated fcr the. repose of her
poul. commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. July 25. 1900, Maud
Irene, beloved daughter of Frank and Grace
Murphy, a native cf San Francisco, aged 1
month and 24 days.
PERKS — At sea. July 2. 1900. Captain Edward
Perks, lnte master of United States army
transport Egbert, beloved husband of Au-
gusta I*erks. and father of Harriet Perks, a
native of England, aged 5S years.
CT'Frlends and ifcquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets.
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Germania Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HONS— In this city. July 24. 1KK>. G. O. Fred,
dearly beloved husband of Meta Hons, father
of Frvd C. H. and William J. Hons and Mrs.
Emma Scheehan, and brother of Mrs. i?.
Grohsbamr. Mrs. R. Kreyer and Mrs. E.
Rocs, a native of Ant Dorum. Han»ver,
Germany, afocl 64 years 3 months and 4 days.
(r5"Frien<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from her late residence, 23114 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Charles Church,
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a
rna<=s will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crors Cemetery.
FOWLER— In this city. July 23. 1900, William
Edward, beloved husband of Margaret Fow-
ler. & native of London. Haeland, aged 44
years.
FRAXKE— In South San Francisco. July 24,
1W», at his residence. 1310 Seventeenth avenue
south. Henry Franke. dearly beloved hus-
band ol Hannah Franke. and brother of Mrs.
A. Stolr and George Franke of Oakland, a
native of Herstelle. Westphalia, Germany,
aged C7 years and I month. A member of
Germania Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F., and the
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein.
E7"Frlen<2s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the- parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— Entered Into rest, in this city.
July 24, 1C«X>. Rose, dearly beloved daughter
of ratrick and Lirzie Fitzgerald, and loving
shter of John, George, Katy, Lizzie, Mary
an-i Alfred Fitzgerald, a native of California,
ait'vl '.'¦'. yeard 3 months and £6 days.
C?The funeral wf!l tai:e place to-morrow
fFriday), a.t 1":29 o'clock, from tne family
residence. 725 Hayes street. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
EMMEL— In this city, July 23. 19C0, Annie M.
Emmel. beloved daughter cf the late Conrad
and Annie M. Emmel. and sister of Mrs.
Lilllo Van Diveer and Mrs. Amelia Burke, a
native of San Francisco, aged 14 years and 4
months.
CORBETT— In this city. July 24. 1900. Carrie
A , beloved wife of Harry B. Corbett, mother
of Hazel Corbott, and daughter of Mrs. Ar-
delia Metealf. a native cf Massachusetts.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
(r^Friends ajid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(FriJay). at B:SO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 279 Shipley street, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
AROALL— In this city. July 25. 1W. at his
residence, <>2S Ool<l<>n Gate avenue, John, be-
love<1 husband of Elizabeth Argall, a native
nf Erirfand, aged TS years.
- CTTFrk-mls and jfWiuaintances are respect-
fully invit^nl to attend the funeral to-morrow
<F"riday). at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets. In-
u-rmer.t Masonic Cemetery.
BEAN— In this city, July 23. 1900. William
Leroy, holoved pen of Thomas J. and Evelyn
L. Bean, ami brother of Ruth and Dorothy
Bean, a native of Francisco, aged 7
years S months and 2i) d^ys.'
CAKROLL— In this city. July 25. 1900. Cather-
ine, beloved wife of the late Richard Carroll,
and mother of William Carroll. Mrs. J. W.
Jones. Mrs. R. Harris and Mrs. J. C. Lynch,
a nutlve of. Manchester, England, aged £4
years and 25 days.
Corbett. Carrie A.
Emmel, Annie M.
Fitzgerald, Rose
Fouler.- William I
Franke, H«>nry
Hons. CJ. O. Kred
Lyons. Timothy
Madden, Mary E.
Murphy. Maud I.
Slocum, Lot D.
Stahl. Anna
Sullivan, John F.
Thompson, Emily
Ury. David
Wallace. Mary
Young. T. J.
Zch. Gottlieb J.compound by the drink or bottle or Jr.g
only, at the time when It Is ordered by
his customer, Is not compelled to pay a
special tax therefor as a rectifier. But,
If he makes such mixture for sale, even
In quantities less than five grallons. in
advance of orders therefor, he Involves
himself In special tax liability as a rec
tifier. This is based on a decision that
was rendered by the United States Circuit
Court. The liquor dealer Is liable, even If
he does not put up the compounded
liquors in bottles or jugs.
Two Are Sent to Jail by Judge Con-
Ian and Others Will
Follow.
Chief Sullivan received a petition Tues
day signed by forty-one firms and resi
dents in the district between Third and
Seventh and Berry and Channel | streets
asking for , Increased ' police 'protection.
They stated that a gang of "bums," who
lived on the "dumps," were constantly
pilfering from their premises and were
careful to do it when the policemen were
changing watches . arid the coast ¦was
clear.
Captain Splllane detailed Policemen Re
gan and O'Connell on the case, and Tues
day night they arrested two of the pang,
Louis Fresslnger and John J. Jasarlng. on
a charge of vagrancy. They appeared be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday and the
Judge sentenced them to six months each
In the County Jail. •
. Chief. Sullivan had shown the Judge the
petition, and he told the two arresting of-
POLICE BREAKING UP
COLONY OF VAGRANTS
fleers to bring In the rest of the gang and
he would give each the same sentence.
They arrested two others yesterday after
noon. William Clater and Mike Murphy,
and booked them for vagrancy.
Before the crematory was established
there was a regular colony living on the
"dumps," who eked out an existence by
collecting food and stray articles from the
garbage deposited there. They had a
Mayor and advisory board, and it was
difficult for a newcomer to get a location.
A remnant of the colony still hangs out
in the neighborhood.
¦ » ¦
To Banquet an Editor.
D. O. Haynes, proprietor of tho New
York Commercial, is now in this city,
and to-morrow evening he will be ten
dered a banquet by the local merchants at
the Palace Hotel. Mr.- Haynes proposes
to establish in San Francisco a branch
of his paper and give daily all of the com
mercial news of the world. He has been
looking over the field here, and many of
the wholesale merchants are interested
in his project, giving him all encourage
ment. At the banquet in his honor the
number will be limited to fifty. The in
vitations are sent out by Irving M. Scott,
William Thomas, A. O. Freeman and
Joseph Slo£s.
¦A'rullng.of Importance to retail liquor
dealers has been received from the office
of the Internal Revenue Department at
Washington. The substance of it Is that
a retail , dealer who mixes whisky or
other distilled spirits with coloring mat
ter or materials of any kind, changing- it
Into compound liquor, if he makes this
Ruling Concerning Mixed Drinks.
acy against him might follow on other
charges.
"The affidavit filed by the District At
torney does not state that such a charge
is liable to be made against this respond
ent," said Judge Dunne. "These «jues
tlons are plainly pertinent In the investi
gation of the wrongdoings of John M.
Chretien and I fall to see where any
answer this respondent may give ¦would
give him the right to refuse to testify
under the privilege granted defendants
under section 20C5."
"I cannot say what these answers, may
be," said Henley. "I do not know w-hat
position answers to these questions would
place him In, nor can your Honors. If the
prosecution would' say that he is free
from danger of being prosecuted we will
have advanced a step further, but as the
prosecution docs not see fit to admit that
this respondent is free from such danger
1 am of opinion that we can successfully
urge the rule."
"Mr. Henley' has arrived at the gist of
this argument," said District Attorney
Uylngton. "This respondent must an
swer these question^, unless he can show
to the satisfaction of the court that his
answers would place him in danger."
"Adherence to the theory advanced by
the District Attorney would involve a de
tailed statement which as I have before
stated would defeat the object of the rule
which we now seek to take advantage
of," wa.s Henley's answer to the District
Attorney, and his words were the last of
the argument. - • . . . ¦
Judges Dunne and Bahrs consulted for
a few minutes. Judge Dunne then turned
and addressing Mr. Rogers said: "This
court is of the opinion that the grounds
upon which you base your refusal to an-
Bwcr the questions propounded by the
Grand Jury are untenable. It Is the opin
ion of this court that the questions asked
were pertinent to the issues Involved in
the investigation before that body. In
accordance with theso views the witness
Is Instructed to answer theso questions as
urged. I fool that it Is unnecessary at
this time for me to Inform the witness
that a refusal to comply with this order
of the court will subject him to further
contempt proceedings which will be dealt
with accordingly."
When Rogers saw the barrier swept
aside that for a few days had protected
him from adding his own evidence to that
already against him he visibly paled.
Walking un to District Attorney Bying
ton he said: "When will my presence be
required by tho Grand Jury?" ¦
"It will meet on Friday, but If I need
you before that time I will communicate
with you," answered Bvlngton,
Rogers and counsel then left the court.
As they passed down the corridor no
word passed between .¦ them. Rogers
seemed wranned In. deepest thought.
TWO SUPEKIOR JUDGES HEAR ROGERS CASE.
MRS. LE BLANCHE WILL
PROSECUTE HER HUSBAND
When Mrs. Ix- Hlanche was removed
from the Receiving Hospital she Intimated
that shtt would not prosecute hor husband
hcrinxi he had ajrreed to pay her ex
penses at St. [poke's, but she said yester
day that she- was determined to prose
cute him, and also Curtin.
While lire. \jo Blanche was In the Re
ceiving Hospital she swore to a complaint
charging P. J. Curtin of Curtin's private
detective agency with assault to murder,
iind lie was arrested but released on
1-onds. She accused Curtin of holding her
till her husband shot her.
Mrs. L«e Ular.che went to the City Hall
yesterday and swore to a complaint in
Judge Conlan's court charging her hus
band with af=£ault to murder. Le Blanche
was arrested at the time of the snooting
and after tx?ing conlined In the City
Prison for two or three days was released
<jn $2000 bonds.
Mr?. Catherine I>e Hianch<\ who was
Fhot by ber husband, Henry 1> Blanche,
In the Webb House on July 2, has recov
en-d. from her wounds, although she is
Ftill very weak. Sho was able to leave
Et. Luke's Hospital la?t Krlday.
Entertained for Their Church.
A musical and dramatic entertainment
was given last night at Union Square
Hall by the "I Have. Have You?" Club
for the benefit of the Hethel A. M. K.
Church. After an overture by Mc-
Donald's orchestra several enjoyable
specialties wore rendered, the entertain
ment concluding with an act from Rich
ard III. the ca^t being as follows: Rich
rrd, J. Oxenhlnc; King Henry VI, H.
Tinsley; Lady Anne, Miss £. Harris.
l/)rd Stanley. J. H. Fisher; Tressel,
Charles Jackson. J. H. Fisher was stage
manager.
ROGERS IS ORDERED TO
TESTIFY OR GO TO JAIL
— •
JAMES TAYLOR ROGERS hafc lis
tened to the passing of Judgment
upon him and not without a tremo-.
He must answer before the Grand
Jury each and every question propounded
by Foreman W. T. Kibbler or go to jail
for contempt of that body's authority.
Judges Bahrs and Dunne, sitting in bank,
after a brief hearing yesterday morning
handed down an opinion that swept aside
the plea Rogers had made to shield him
self. Though he made oath that his an
swers would have a tendency to incrim
inate him: would lay him liable to prosc
1 cution for a felony and subject him to
dishonor and disgrace, the court held that
the interests of justice would best bo sub
served by his compliance with the de
mand of the Grand Jury.
Barclay Henley. Rogers 1 attorney, took
an exception to the ruling of the court
and before the Supreme tribunal of the
Ftate James Taylor Rogers may further
insist that as one liable to a prosecution
for felony he should be protected under
section 2"«w of the Code of Civil Procedure,
a right granted those charged with fel
ony. What success awaits his effort Is
as yet a matter of speculation.
Fearful that the result would be as it
later proved to be Rogers, when the mat
ter of contempt proceedings against him
was again called by Judpos Rahrs and
Dunne, again raised his hand and made
oath that if by order of court he was
compelled to answer the questions pro
pounded by the Grand Jury he was liable
to prosecution- for felony. He filed an
amended "answer" to the affidavit placed
on record by District Attorney Byington,
which was the moving paper in the pr^-
coC'dingF. This answer was *a beautiful
evasion of the Issue at bar and a tire
some reiteration of the story he told
before Judge Troutt during the investi
gation of charges against the ring proved
guilty of the theft of one estate ami the
conspirators who planned the theft i>t
other estates of the intestate and unpro
tected dead. It again awakened interest,
however, when it reached that clause in
which Rogers again pleaded his right to
the protection of oft quoted section 20C%.
Rogers' assertion of his right to this pro
tection Is more detailed than that con
tained in the pleading filed on the lirst
day's proceeding. This is his statement
under oath:
After the testimony of all the witnesses—
about twelve or lUteen in number— had been
fdven before the Grand Jury on Friday.
July 20 190u. affiant was railed before that
body and the questions were addressed to
him substantially as set forth in the af
fidavit made by YV. T. Kibbler. Affiant,
JVarlngr and believing: that the object of his
examination by tho Grand Jury was sim
ply to elicit from him inculpatory evidence
tending to convict him of some criminal
orense, declined to answer the questions
or any of them; and that It was at the time
th» <iuef=tions were fo addressed to affiant
his belief was and now is that it was the
purpose of the prosecutins officers of the
city and county of Pan Francisco to make
out of his testimony a case which would
have a. direct tendency to degrade his char
acter and to set on foot proceedings looklns
to his disbarment and to a denial of his
rights to practice law in the courts of this
£ta.te. Affiant in declining to answer th*
<ju«-Ftlons propounded to him placed his rleht
to do so upon the provisions of section 2065
of the Code of Civil Procedure and in that
connection he re! erred to a paper read by
him on July 17. 1SO0. before the Orand Jury
and of which the following Is a copy:
"It is my belief that a conspiracy is
formed to victimize me, although innocent.
Therefore by the advice of my attorney,
Barclay Henley, I hereby most respect
fully decline to answer any question that
may t»e asked me and base my refusal on
section 20C5 of the Code of Civil Procedure,
which reads as follows:
•¦ 'A witness mupt answer questions legal
and pertinent to the matter In Issue,
thoufrh hln answer may establish a claim
acalrist himself; but he need not give an
answer which will have a tendency to nub-
Jed h:m to punishment for a felony; nor
ner-d he give an answer which will have a
direct tendency to dejcra<3e h:s character,
unless It be to the very fact In Issue or
to a fact from which the fact in issue
would be presumed. Hut a witness must
anpwrr as to the fact of his previous con
viction for felony." "
Afllant then and there declined tt> answer
puch Question and now so declines because
he is privileged under section 20C5 above
quoted and also because the constitution of
the United States, fifth amendment, de
clarer that It is an Inalienable right that
no person phall be compelled in any crim
nal ense to be a witness against himself.
Affiant further avers upon information
and belief that the Orand Jury has not yet
concluded Its Investigation and desires to
force affiant to answer such questions, to
pfther with others that may be asked, for
the riuirose of presenting: some criminal
charge against him or of eliciting such tes
timony as intent be used toward his dis
barment.
After this lengthy pleading of the pro
tection he held should be granted him un
der that section of the code behind which
criminals often shield themselves Roger*
reiterated the story he told on the stand
before Judge Troutt of the manner in
which he was "convinced" that the heirs
he represented were not the legal heirs
of the estate of the late Joseph Sullivan.
Continuing Rogers' "answer" says:
Affiant and J. J. Rauer went to the III
bernla Bank and ascertained from informa
tion srlven by the clerk, who furnished the
same from one of the books of the bank,
that the representation of J. J. Kauer and
Chretien as to the maiden name of the
mother of the deceased was as claimed by
them. Thereupon, on the same day, afflant
went at once to the chambers of Hon. James
M. Troutt and communicated to him the in
formation that afflant had obtained at the
bank and announced to him that he (afll
ant> a\a not propose thereafter to have any
thlng 1 more to do with the case — belne eat
lsfle;J that- the Information as to the helre
whom he had previously represented waa
untrue. ,
J. J. Rauer swore before the Grand Jury
that it took J600 of his money to convince
James Taylor Rogers that the heirs he
represented were not the lawful heirs,
and that "John Sullivan" was the only
living- heir of Joseph Sullivan, deceased.
When this portion of Rogers' statement
was read no comment was made by the
District Attorney. Rogers was reading
his own plea. Barclay Henley pleaded a
col<1 and requested tne court to permit
Rogers to conduct that portion of his
defense. Rogers frequently tripped over
his own words as he proceeded, but the
court and District Attorney gave him
close attention. When he had concluded
Barclay Henley, who had supplied him
self with authorities he held substanti
ated his contention that Rogers was only
ptanding on his rights when he refused
to testify, rose to argue the points in
Issue.
"The rule that was laid down In the
celebrated trial of Aaron Burr so many
years ago applies in this case," said Mr.
Henley. "I admit that it Is not discre
tionary with a witness to take advantage
of that section of the code which privi
leges defendants from testifying against
themselves, but this right must be grant
ed this respondent when It is shown that
he is acting in good faith. At least the
court will consider the danger which con
fronts this respondent when he considers
that he stands in the light of having
been approached with overtures of a cor
rupt character to which he finally suc
cumbed as is alleged, and also that he
betrayed the trust of foreign clients. ( It
is clear that this proceeding In aimed at
tba respondent and the District Attorney
Again Inflirectlu Pleads Guiltu to Charges Against Him, But
Court Denies His Plea for Protection, ¦
In a New Answer
He Voices the
Fear That His
¦ Disbarment Is
Being Sought,
will not say— cannot say that answers to
these questions are desired for any other
purpose than is alleged in this respond
ent's affidavit."
"I cannot see, even in view of the fact
being proved that James Taylor Rogers
betraved his London clients and did so
after being in receipt of a corrupt con
sideration, that this would lay him liable
to prosecution for felony." said Judge
Hahrs. "Unfortunately, our law makes
no provision for the punishment of such
an offense and I will call upon counsel to
point out, as far as possible, without waiv
ing the rights of his client, the offense
which this respondent alleges in his afll
davit he is in danger of being prosecuted
for."
"It Is not for us to explain our opinion
fully," answered Henley, after consulting
the Penal Code. "If we did the object of
the rule we herein invoke on behalf of
this respondent would be defeated."
At this point Judge Dunne took an
active part in the discussion of Rogers'
rights. "There are no doubts but that the
questions contained In the moving paper
filed by the District Attorney are perti
nent to the issue," paid he, with' an in
flection of assertion.
"There is no doubt as to that point, but
this court must consider the animus that
prompts this proceeding." paid Henley.
"If the prosecution here would admit
that it was engaged in an effort to fasten
a crime upon this respondent It would end
the controversy right here. *Then there
would be no doubt as to the right of Mr.
Ropers to invoke the protection of sec
tion 2063. This is an incontrovertible at
tempt to wrench information from James
Taylor Rogers, for what purpose? Rauer
has sworn before the Grand Jury that he
paid Rogers a. sum of money to withdraw
his contest of the application of John Sul
livan for the distribution to him of the
properties of the late Joseph Sullivan.
Chretien has made statements against
this respondent and now the Grand Jury
would have htm testify against himself.
Though there is no evidence that any
answer which might be given by this re
spondent to any of the questions pro
pounded hy the Grand Jury would in
criminate him, still a charge of conspir-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 26. 19OO.
12
Endeavorers Will Have an Outing.
The Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union will hold its first annual outing- to-
day at Mt. Tamalpals. The excursion-
ists will leave on the 9:30 a. m. Sausallto
boat.
Great \j\\ Price S. alc
China
Crockery
Qiassware
Silver P Bated Ware
2O P er cent *- °tf Dinner Sets
20 P er cent - °H Jardinieres
£ O per cent, off Clocks
20 P er cea ** °H Glassware
20 P er cent - oii Lam P s
20 P er cent, off Knives, Forks, Spoons
UlRli Grade Stiver Plated ware
30 per cent, off all Odds and Ends
Crey Enameled Ware, prices away down
Table Glassware, prices away down
DINNER SETS
44 piece Dinner Set, S3.OO
60 piece Dinner Set, S4.4O
loo piece Dinner Set, $6 05
GLASS BERRY AND TABLE SETS
35t 4Qi 45i 55, 75» 9" Ct».pcr9«t
GLASS PITCHERS, SUGAR BOWLS
AND SPOON HOLDERS
3, 10, is« 20. 35 Cts. each
LEMONADE AND WATER SETS
45. a»» 7 5. 90 Cts, per Bet
CO tig JUST TO SKR
Good Time and Place to Day
Great American IidoiHih lea Cn
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
210-212 Grant Ave. <Bet. Bntter and Post).
861 Market St. (Opp. Powell).
140 Sixth 6t.
355 Hayes St. 213 Third St.
1419 Polk St. 521 Montgomery Art
2516 Mission St. 705 I.arkin St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 1813 Devlsadero St.
146 Ninth St. 475 Halght St.
200S FUlmore St. 32S3 Mission St.
62 Market St. 2732 Nth St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington St. 616 E. 12th St.
1237 Broadway 11S5 23d Ave.
1510 Seventh St. 13«o Park St., Alameda.
B St.. near 4th. San Rafael.
Your
Eye-Glasses
Are Important— even as your eyesight Is Im-
portant. We mean that every pair of eyeslass-s
we -It shall Ht precisely. Any oculist will tell
you that we are careful and exact.
Our new clip Is security, 50c.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
642 Market 5t. instruments
umoep cMRONia.t Bim.DiN&. Catalogue Free.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
-Travelers from every portion of th«
globe show their appreciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting San
Francisco.' » -
Connected by ¦> covered passageway
and operated under one manaje-
: ment on the American and European
plans.
SCHOOL OPENS
Next Monday.
TO-DAT and TO-MORROW we will place on
sale READY-MADR GARMENTS suitable for
echool wear as follows:
Boys' Calico Waists, all elzes, sold elsewhere
at 25c; our price l(>c.
Boys* Percale Blouses or Waists, sizes 2 to
12. 21c each.
Boys' Percale Blouses, sailor collar, front, col-
lar and cuffs accordeon plaited, 3Oc.
Boys' White Lawn Blouses, collar, cuITs and
front trimmed with neat embroideries, prices
4Sc, 73e, 08c, according to quality; these
Roods are regularly worth 75c, $1.00 and I1.C0.
Olrls" Calico Dresses, 6lzes 1, 2, 3, 4, l!>c each.
Girls' Percale Dresses, bretelles, collar and
cuffs trimmed with torchon and Valenciennes
laces, all sizes, 4Sc each.
Best quality of Gingham Dres«ea, beautifully
designed and elegantly trimmed. 7J>e each.
Also place on sals six distinct lines of Chil- I
dren's White Dresses, made of lawns, cr-
pandles, cambrics, etc., at followlnj? prices,
4Sc, 75c. l>7c, $1.23, 91.RO and '$1.!>S;
these goods are marked down from % to 1-3
less than regular prices.
A FEW APRON SPECIALS FOR 6IRLS.
Sleeveless White Aprons, made of good lawn,
neatly trimmed, sold elsewhere for 60c; our
price ;&."•«•.
White Aprons, trimmed with embroidery or
lace, sold elsewhere at 7Sc; our price 50c.
Children's I.iwn Aprons, tucked front and
back, trimmed with embroidery, sold else-
where for $1.00: our price T«*o.
Children's Lawn Aprons, trimmed with Irish
point, wide and narrow embroidery, sold
elsewhere for JLOO; our price !)Se.
GUR LACE AND EMBROIDERY SALE
STILL CONTINUES.
On sale to-day all our Pillowcase Lace, twenty
designs, worth 8c, 10c and 12Hc yard; choice
of lot during sale 4c yard.
Torchon Laces, 3 to 5 Inches wide, worth 10c
and 15c yard; pale price 5c yard. ,
HOSIERY SPECIALS.
Children's School Hose, double knee, heel and
toe, sold elsewhere for 20c; our price 12 1-Uc
pair.
Ladies' Richelieu Ribbed Hose, full finished,
fast black, sold elsewhere for 20c; our prlc«
Me pair.
' DON'T OVERLOOK OUR MUSLIN UNDER-
, WEAR and WRAPPER DEPARTMENT. Be-
ing manufacturers we are in a position to give
you the benefit of buying retail at wholesale
T212-I214 MARKET ST.
Bet. Taylor andJones.
Manufacturers of Ladles' and Children's Wear.
Morton Draying and Warehouse Co.
General Draymen— Warehousemen— For-
warding Agents — No. 204 Battery street. •
Jesse Moore "A A" whiskey is used at all the
principal hospitals in the United States. Why
is It!
Biff Looks, little books, we bind 'em all. Send
to Mysell-Itoli'.ns, T. Hay. •
THE OLD FOLKS AT HOME
ere learr.ir.gr rew wrinkles every day from
the young folk.? of the present gencra-
tior. — one of the most comforting Is the
fact that good laundry work can be done
outFide the house as cht-aply as If you
fcrublx'd your life away over the tub.
Machinery and system tell the tale. Fam-
ily trade is a 5=r>°cialty with us. Domestic
finish for fuli tircss shirts If you want It.
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Near PowelL
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 3S3 12th Street.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
boys
We want your trade
and cut prices to get it.
That's the only way
we know besides sell-
ing better, neater
clothes than others.
We do both.
Suits, long trousers, good
weight, serviceable, special
value $6.5o
Double-breasted Suit?,
Knee Trovers, good colors,
special value $2.75
Fancy Suits for little ones —
natty, extra value, for zige«
3 to 8 $2.5o
AT THE
RELIABLE OUTFITTERS.
Roos Bros
25-37 Kearny St.,
Cor. of Post.
Clothes
for
HaJe's.
Hale'H.
ADVEBTISEMENTa
iMiili H
PAINLESS I
DENTISTRYll
U Kvenlngs until 9. Sundays all J H
II ¦ Full Set of Teeth, pain- 4 If
E3 less extractions free..SM»OO up a fg
£g Gold Crowns, «-k $3.K0up K
¦ Fillings -5c up |3
H ' Teeth Without Plates Our ' ' Fa
HJ ' Specialty. We 1 give gas. ' ' |j
¦ ¦"'flAAJV VROOM,"i
|| tOOl MARKET, fl
I SIXTH and MARKET.I
3-Day Specials I
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
gBT A? n^ 1 8& B p 2gS« A ?
SLCH PRICES AS CANNOT BE DU-
PLICATED ELSETVHEREL GOOD9
DELIVERED PROMPTLY SAME DAT.
6BAPE NUTS fig |2Jc
food fcr th# brala and nerve,
regularly 13c
LUCCA OLIVE OIL - ct bot 50s
Imported from Italy,
regularly 60c.
0 K WHISKEY bot 75c, 3 bots $2.00
A most reliable brand, GaI...S3.0O
10 years old.
regularly $1 and $4.
SOUPS, Campbell's Condensed 3 cans 25c
Chicken. Oxtail. Mock Turtle,
MuIIisratawny, Vegetable, Jullena*
Tomato. Cort3omme, etc.,
prepared from best Ingredient* ;
regularly 10c a can.
BABY PIM-OLAS 3 bots 508
Olives etufted •with sweet
red peppers — very delicious;
regularly 20c a bot.
HOFF'S MALT EXTRACT bot25c
Johann HofTs Malt extract,
regularly 30c
SICILY LEMONS Cozen 20c
extra large ones;
EL 1 It MOMT^CIGARS, R. V. : 10c
regularly lC^c.
Country Orders Solicited— Catalogs a Free.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market
(Old number SI Stockton »t.)
TELEPHONE MAIN £523.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TDEE.
Something Special!
MANTEL FOLDING BED, 910 Rfl
hardwood antique oak... QlLtOU
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Send five cents la stamps for postazo
on new catalog.
THE J^ NOON AN
• FURNITURE COMPANY (Ins.),
tOIT-IO23 MISSION STREET.
ABOVE SIXTH.
Fh0B9 Soata It. 3»a frmadsm.
C2l * FrV i jSf "hay^Ca Mm ff*^ nmL
DR.JMULTY.
qini3 WELL-KNOWN AND RELIA BT.K OLD
X. .-jpecfctlistctovt m v;ite. Nervoua. and Blood Uuv
«iej of Mm mil a. Book on I'nvjte Diseas** a-; 1 .
Weaknesses or.Mrn.trfee. Over"^0y'rs*c.xp«rieno§
PatipnMcnre<lat Home. Terms reasonable. IToor*'
to3d.-»ily:6.30 toSStt fv's%. Stimiay*. 10 tr.12. Connul-
talion free and xacredly confidential. Call. or address
P. UOMCUi;°3IfXL'I.T¥. 31. 1>.
UOJi Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal*
I J/^^yX^\ I^^* school supplies (
Z-^^^v^v^/S^r'VA'l school begins Monday
fbk'iiyftf V**»*.* • •.'**.?*•'*( •*V <£ to-day the d<»i>artm»nt. of school )
T yvV-V' V't*« *• ' * ** • l \'*" 'V supplies will emerge from its sum-
jt vhw • jtHJ* ••#•*•* i*\** \ - rner torpor, school books, slates, V
Mil' ff*+» •».*€• •'•Vf^**M tablets, pencils, crayons and the u
y Am if£2'»*m *•• A *A*.*V hundred an<? one other things that /
A $k*J>* * '' J* • * •*^*'*' have been hibernating during vaoa- A,
«R >Ti **•> • .v tinn will Ftart fr.m tho stockrooms Ti
J nk » \f •* * * ' /• and take their places upon the W
A. Tftte^/» counters, parents and guardians A
¦ C . «H9l^"*>2'0 have much to thank us for In the W
yj Bafty >¦» way of Uttlp prices. JT
k\ . [¦'Er^jJ stationery ft
y I \\ ,| Km y/ ' •/(', every hop* we had centered In the stationery /
A jj \\V fa J ',{ / sal* is being richly realized, it ends Saturday I*
I 1^0 « tho wrapper sale Is a success Al
% whatever we have to do we do with a thoroushness that wins. V
I the lowered prices on these wrappers are real and sharp, we are K
fiS determined to have empty shelves and stock rooms for the new \\
Y stock that will soon begin to arrive. f
A good quality printed lawn wrappers In pink, llKht blue, lavender A
13 and black and white otripes and figures, trimmed with Inserting on »
j collar and across bust, sizes 34 to 40 only; now 63c I
A percale wrappers in blue stripes and red figures only, made with q
W epauletted shoulders, trimmed with fancy braid en collars, cuffs and Y
I across bust and back, fitted lininRS. sizes 32, 34, 36 and 38. only....S9c A
(% dimity house gowns in light and dark blue stripes, made with pom- Vj
1 padour yoke front and back, full ruffle over shoulder, and standing 7
A collar finished with deep ruffling, trimmed with wide insertion over A
H Bhculder and on belt, full skirt with a deep flounce, sizes 34 to 44: re- \f
T duced from $2.00 to -"• Jl-63 I
Q dress trimmlnes priced for a rapid disappearance y
J we ought to sell every yard of these dress trimmings to-day, and k
a we would If those of you who read this could be made to realize «
V how much better the values are than their advertisement. J
1 black basket weave —braids, l'i to 1V» Inches wide, original prices A
(a 25c to 35c, the yard, now 5c M
j mohair trimming braids In green, navy, tan, brown, black and 7
A white. H Inch wide: 12 yards for 10c \
Vh hercules braids In all the staple colors, *.; in. wide: 12 yards for.. 12c w
j fancy silk gimps in new and pretty patterns; per yard 5c to — lOo I
n a great pocketbook sale y
I the maker plunged — manufactured beyond his outlet, our New Tork jL
A organization helped him out of his predicament and saved him from «
W a possible worse disaster later on. that's the story, here's the 7
I sequel: A.
•ft alligator coin purses — also pocketbook coin purses In seal — fffty dif- »
jT ferent styles; if bought and sold in the regular way they'd cost W
X you from 40c to 50c each; take your choice at 23o A.
tt combination pocketbooks, card cases and coin purses in practically W
? every leather tanned for pocketbook purposes: some are elegantly L
A ' plain, others are sterling silver mounted; worth 73c to 90c each; A
w pick where you please fcr 50c ?
T club bags, made of genuine sheepskin In imitation of alligator. A
Si cloth lined, gilt trimmings— 10 in.. £5c; 12 in., 83c: 14 in., $1.05; W
W 16 in.,. «.2O. 7
A genuine alligator club bags, leather lined, leather covered frame3 S\
« and Inlay, nickel trimmed— 10 In.. $2.75; 12 in.. *3.W; 11 in.. $4.25:
T 16 In.. $4.75. I
w ourmall order JjuSt* i^r '^fv^ '^SS these etor»« X
Ev prompt and Apcf J^^_ * — >^r^^*^ Umbsen V
W Batlsfactorj-. J^.^s^J*9cx> tJOOQi^^ ' I
< Music always' tends to make a
i home cheerful and happy.
; Should you not care to learn to
play an Instrument of any
kind, the
Retina
Music Box
Is Jupt what you want. Plays
tunes by the thousands — sonps,
marche?. opera?; uses Inter-
changeable tune sheets— new
record? always being made;
winds r-asily — no noise.
Tho Itppina is a delightful
entertainer and any home can
} afford it.
I Sherman, Clay & Co.,
J Ettxwtj Flact Dealers,
Cor. K^amy an<l fiutter Ets.. 6. F.
Cor. 13th end Broadway, Oakland-
¦-irr— tv ¦T"ittii i it— •"¦—*¦ ¦*