RUSSIAN PARTY IN MANCHURIA SURROUNDED.
L! SUSPECTED OF DOUBLE DEALING.
In a private message from Shanghai it is asserted that Li Hung Chang avows that the object of his journey is to place
the regular Chinese army in line with the allied troops for the suppression of the Boxers.
The Times, editorially, suggests that Li Hung Chang is playing the old game of the Sublime Porte by putting forward
proposals which will appear in different degrees and ways to different powers. It says:
"President McKinley has been asked to mediate, and the request is facilitated by the care which has been taken in Wash
ington not to commit the United States to any very thoroughgoing policy."
Indian troops are daily arriving at Hongkong. Three transports reached there yesterday; two others have left Hong
kong for Taku.
Reports from Canton say the city is outwardly quiet, but that there is a strong undercurrent of unrest among the Chi
nese. Only a few European ladies have left, many still remaining.
'We want no conquests," tie is reported to have declared at the conclusion of a sitting of the Council. "What we desire is
to protect our frontiers and to steer into smooth waters the Chinese ship of state, now buffeted by the waves of civil war."
There is nothing further this morning that throws any light upon the mysterious situation. Two urgent dispatches were
addressed yesterday by the Chinese Minister to the Peking Government and the Administrator of Telegraphic Communication,
stronglv recommending the restoration of telegraphic communication so as to enable the powers to learn of the safety of the foreign
Minister. Until such proofs are secured no one here is inclined to alter the opinion that the Chinese are merely juggling to gain
time. •
Rumor circulates briskly around the personality of Li Hung Chang. He is credited with a mission to offer to cede
to the allied powers two province's as indemnity for the Peking outrages, and also to offer to restore order and give facilities for
trade with the outside world on condition of the surrender of Kiaochau, Wei Hai Wei and Manchuria by the powers, and the
withdrawal of all missionaries. Little attention, however, need be paid to any of these rumors.
CZAR DECLARES RUSSIA WANTS NO CONQUEST.
/3OXDOX, July 24, 4 a. m.— The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Mail, telegraphing July 23, says:
I " \ letter from a Chinese official at Shantung has been received by an active functionary here, containing the following
°* B^ passage: 'At the beginning of the month the foreign Ministers made several attempts to send messages out of Peking, but
thanks to the strict watch kept on the city, the bearers were all caught and executed. On the 4th inst. only 400 foreigners,
much exhausted, were left alive in Peking/and one night, when the big guns were incessantly .fired, it was known that all the , lega
tions and foreigners were finished, although pretended telegrams contradicted these facts.' "
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Daily Mail asserts that there are differences of opinion in the Russian Council
of War. The Minister of \Var,.General Kouopatkin, wishes to send 100,000 men to clear the rebels out of Manchuria. On the other
hand according to this correspondent, Emperor Nicholas wishes the operations limited to the defense and pacification of the
frontier districts. Let two strong armies, one of the allies in the south and the other of the Russians in the north, confront the Chi
nese, and the rising — so the Czar is said to argue — would be bound to collapse.
Positive Statement by the
Counselor and English
Secretary of the London
Chinese Legation.
Sir Halliday Macartney Declares
That the Ministers Are About
to Start From the Chinese
Capital to the Seacoast.
PONDON, Juty 24.— Sir Halliday Macartney, counselor and
secretary to the Chinese legation in London, assert
ed this evening that the Peking legations were safe and the for
eigners were about to proceed to Tientsin.
The Chinese Minister, Sir Chin Chen Lo Feng Luh, had
communicated to the press the following dispatch from Sheng,
Director of the Chinese Railways and Telegraphs, and Taotai
of Shanghai, dated Shanghai, July 23: ' '
"information from Peking, dated July 18, says that the
Tsung-li Yamen deputed Won Jui, an under secretary of the de
partment, to see the foreign Ministers and he found every one
well, without any missing, the German Minister excepted.
"General Yung Lu is going to memorialize the throne to send
them all under escort to Tientsin in the hope that the military
operations will then be stopped."
WASHINGTON, July 23.— Although the orders have not yet
been issued it is known in military circles that Brigadier General
Fred Grant, U. S. V., and General Thomas Barry have been
chosen for assignment to duty with the military division in China.
Their assignment, together with that of Brigadier General James
B. Wilson, U. S. V., already announced, will give Major General
A. R. Chaffee, commander in chief , three generals of recognized
ability to assist him in the military operations in China.
LETTER FROM A CHINESE OFFICIAL
REITERATES THE STORY OF MASSACRE
SAYS FOREIGNERS IN PEKING
ARE SAFE AND SOON WILL BE
ON THEIR WAY TO TIENTSIN
SHANGHAI, via Teheran, July 23. — Li Hung Chang sent yesterday messages to the Empress Dowager requesting her
to settle quickly on the suppression of the Boxers, if that was her intention, and stating that he had insufficient forces to get to Pe
king, n he had to force his way. He telegraphed the Governor of the Grand Canal to prepare the route for him, as he was not
\ going via Taku. He telegraphed the Japanese Emperdr, saying:
"Our countries are too closely connected to go to war. You must find means to assist us. If China is ruined you will be
lost. We beg you not to send more troops. Ask the other powers to bring the affair to a close. Ask the other powers' intentions.
Act as mediator. Find a method of securing peace. If any answer keep secret.'' 7
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
LI HUNG CHANG URGES THE EMPRESS
TO QUICKLY SUPPRESS THE BOXERS
General Dewet in a Bold Raid Near Honingspruit
Cuts Lord Roberts' Line of Communication
and Inflicts a Telling Blow.
0ND0N, July 23.— General Dewet has again succeeded in cutting Lord Roberts* com-
munications, both by railway and' telegraph, and capturing 100 Highlanders. The story of
the federal commanders bold raid conies in the form of a telegram from General Forrestier-
Walker, dated at Cape Town, Sunday, July 22, forwarding a dispatch from General Knox, as fol
lows:
"KROONSTAD, July 22. — Following from Broadwood, sent by dispatch rider to Honing
spruit, wired thence to Kroonstad:
" 'Have followed commando since July 16. Hard, sharp fighting at Palmietfontein on July
19. We were prevented from capturing laager by darkness. Eight hundred Boers were found.
Our casualties were five killed and seventy-six wounded. Will reach Val Krantz to-day. The en
emy doubled his way back through Paardekraal in the darkness. -Shall march to-morrow to Roode
val station. Send supplies for three thousand men and horses, also any news of the enemy's move
ments. I believe the commando consists of 2000 men and four guns, and is accompanied by Presi
dent Steyn and both the Dewets.'
"General Knox continued: 'The wire and main line from Aliwal, north of Honingspruit,
have been cut, and also the telegraph to Pretoria via Potchifstroom. According to my information
Dewet has crossed the railway and is going north.' "
General Kelly-Kenny telegraphs from Bloemfontein under date of Sunday, July 22:
? "The railway has been cut north of Honingspruit and a supply train and 100 Highlanders
captured by the enemy. A report was received this morning that a large force of the enemy is mov
ing on Honingspruit. All communication with Pretoria is cut off. The second and third cavalry
brigades are following the enemy."
The War Office has received a telegram from Lord Roberts, dated Pretoria, Sunday, July
22, which repeats the news contained in the telegram from General Forrestier-Walker, here given,
and continues:
"Methuen continued his march and the occupation of Heckport, and engaged the enemy's
rear guard at Zindsfontein on July 20. Casualties, one killed and one wounded. Early Saturday
attacked the enemy again at Oliphant's Nek and completely dispersed them, inflicting heavy loss.
Our casualties were slight. By these successes Rustenburg has been relieved and Methuen and
Baden-Powell have joined hands. \ Hunter reports that Bruce Hamilton secured a strong position
on the Spitzray yesterday with a battery and the Cameron Highlanders, and 500 mounted men.
"Our casualties were three of the Camerons killed and Captain Keith-Hamilton of the Ox
fords, Captain Brown and Lieutenant Stewart and thirteen men of the Camerons wounded."
The Daily Express has the following from Machadodorp, dated Monday, July 23:
"There has been severe fighting during the last three days and the Boers have inflicted heavj
losses upon the British at Dedorp. .'»• -^
"Six hundred women and children from Pretoria, including Mesdames Kruger, Botha and
Meir. have arrived at Barberton." . •
ONE HUNDRED HIGHLANDERS
CAPTURED BY THE BOERS
(FROM LE MONDE IL.L.USTRE.)
A STREET IN PEKING ON THE DAY OF A RIOT.
President McKinley has promised to exert his good offices in behalf of the Chinese
Government on the understanding that the latter should first do its utmost to bring about cer
tain conditions looking to the protection of American lives and interests in China.
Rumors are current in London that an understanding has been arrived at whereby
Great Britain will support the Washington administration in any^action to prevent the par
tition of the Celestial empire.
Sir Halliday Macartney makes a statement to the effect that the envoys are "about to
be removed" from Peking to Tientsin.
The date for the advance of the allied forces from Tientsin has been brought forward to
July 30.
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S DISPATCHES
BEARING ON THE CHINESE SITUATION
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 54.
St. Petersburg dispatches represent the situation in Manchuria as far more serious than had been supposed. It is asserted
that the Chinese have occupied Hailar, where the Russian railway staff is surrounded and in desperate straits.
According to the St. Petersburg correspondent of the Times the Russian Minister of War probably will become cora
mander-in-chief of the Russian forces in China and presumably will take command of the allied troops.
X
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SIR HALLIDAY MACARTNEY.
Since the r>*>ace which followed the capture of the Taku forts In Wj). Mr
Ilalllday Macartney has be~a In the service u' the Chinese Government, and
hat- r«>ceived many high occorations. For some time past he has brcn the
fecretar> of the Celestial Embassy in London at an enormous salary, with
an added bonus now and then for tpQdal service, i He Is an esteemed friend
of Li Huns Chang and it was he who bore the Viceroy's pleas for pardon
to "Chinese" Gordon for the breach of faith and massacre of Lar Wane and
his colleague? after the surrender of the Taipings at Suchau— "T%U Gorden
•Vint tM« <= r-Vifni nnt Vfrnno "Alleged Message From Prince
Tuan on Safety of .
Forei ners.
WASHINGTON. July 23.— Th<» Staje
r>°i>«rfm^nt made public the fol
lowing: Th<> Stare Department has
received a dispatch from Mr.
Goodnow, the Consul Genaral at Shang
hai, datod to-day. saying that Princa
Tuan wires that an officer of the Tsung
Li Yamen saw all Ihe Ministers on the
ISth; that none »prc injured, and that no
ettack was at that time bring made. He
does not Fay to whom the dispatch of
Prince Tuan was addressed, and it is to
a certain extent at variance with the dis
patch of Mr. Conger of that date, describ
ing the legation as being under fire at that
time. '*¦¦• •
After mature consideration the officials
of the State Department have come to the
conclusion that by a telegraphic error the
r.ame of the informant of Consul General
CJoodnow has been turned into "Tuan"
from "Yuan." The latter is the famous
Yuan Shih Kai. the Governor of the prov
ince of Shantung. He always has main
tained an attitude of neutrality and ever
leaned toward positive friendship for the
l<>re!gners. He has from the first divided
with Shong. the director of posts and tele
graph? at Shanghai, the distinction of be
ing the only means of communication be
tween Peking and the outside world
Therefore, it is extremely probable that
he has served in the same capacity in this
instance.
On the other hand, if this dispatch rcal
lv came from Prince Tuan, the fact would
b* ot great significance. In the opinion
of the officials h«re. it would indicate that
this official either has been grossly mis
represented as to his anti-foreign ten
dency, or that he is seeking to escape re
sponsibility for the outrages upon foreign
ers, an act in itself significant of the
breaking of the anti-foreign party, with
tach principal looking: out for himself.
WUNG KEE WILL DO NO
MORE NEWSPAPER WORK
EpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, -July 23.— Wung Kai Kee
of Chinatown was engaged by a New
York newspaper to render in Chinese hier
cslyphic? certain mandates paid to have
» ecVi issued by the Peking Government
end by the Boxers. He also made some
Chinese drawings and gave his opinion of
the trouble In China <.vor htr. s-lpnature.
Gftf»ntgira Immediately cvjiic^^J that h.3
PROBABLY AN
ERROR IN NAME
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, July 23— The American Board
has received a letter from Rev. George
D. Wilder dated Tientsin, June 12, in
which he says the Boxer movement has
reached a climax. Murder and arson are
lining the province from Kalgan to Lin
ching. Many minor outrages were com
mitted on Catholics and Protestants dur
ing May and a great number of Boxers
assembled*:
"At the last or the month," he writes,
"the word came down from the thone for
the Boxers to 'create disorder' as rapidly
as possible. After the trains stopped fran
tic appeals came for protection to the
Ministers. Last Saturday night the va
rious Consuls here had a stormy meeting
until midnight. The French and Rus
sian representatives bitterly opposed send
ing troops to repair the road and to re
lieve Peking. They withdrew for con
sultation several times. Consul Carts
(British) held steadily for? that action,
backed by the American and Japanese
Consuls. Finally Captain McCalla said:
'We have talked a good deal; now I will
tell you what I will do. Our Minister
telegraphs that he Is In danger. It mat
ters not what others do or do not, do. My
entire force of \bluejackets— 100— will take
a train and start for Peking to-morrow
morning.'
'The British. Japanese and Germans
followed this lead, the French^and Rus
sians refusing. But the next morning
when the train was made up they s%nt
in large forces which" had to report to
Captain McCalla and then wajt, partly
for a second section. Two thousand
four hundred set out that day and the
next day 300 more Germans. To-day an
other train with officers has gone.
"The Chinese troops are armed with
foreign rifles and artillery, but. thank
heaven! with Chineso ajuinunitioc"
was the author of all the fakes that have
stirred up trouble with the Flowery King
dom.
Mass-meetings were held to decide his
fate, but Wung Rot away and remained
away until to-ciay, whfn h» slipped quiet
ly into his littje shop, where his loyal
young wife. Ah' Que. was awaiting him,
and great was the joy of reunion. She
had k<»pt solitary vigil for absent Wung,
hoping that he would come back to her in
safety.
Wimg remained indoors to-day and
ther* 1 was no hostile demonstration ex
cept by a couple of Chinese youths, who
hurled a brick, through his window. A
watcher in a window above a saloon op
posite Wung's shop kept his post, how
ever, and he made mental note of every
body who entered Wung's place.
The Chinese council. Chung Wah Kung
Chah. mpt at 16 Mott street to-nipht to
further consider Wung Kai Kee's case,
but its deliberations were brief and it was
paid no action was taken.
L.eh Sang, who Is very much American
ized and has recently come from Wash
ington to reside in New York, said to-day
that Wung Kai Kee when he resided in
San Francisco, and later when he was
connected with the World's Fair, had an
tagonized a secret society, and that the
present campaign against him is being
carried on by members of this organiza
tion.
CAPTAIN M'CALLA
REFUSED TO DELAY
Spe?lal Dispatch to The Call.
rpoLEDO, Ohio, July 23.— The following
I cablegram, dated yesterday, was re-
I received at the Cheney Company's
laboratory here from Shanghai:
"Chinese runners arrived to-day bearing
an appeal for military projection from Dr.
Roberts, a missionary at Koofan. He says
he is surrounded by Boxers and is in great
danger Advise family. (Signed)
"JOHNSON."
WRITES OF CAPTURE
OF THE TAKU FORTS
Johnson is manager of the China branch
of the Cheney Company, it being a receiv
ing depot for their catarrh herbs, raised
on the Koofan farm, which lies forty
miles west of Shanghai. Dr. Charles Rob
erts has charge of the farm, and employs
missionaries and Christian Chinese of the
neighborhood. He has been connected
with the Cheney Company for about
seven years, three of which were spent
in China. Prior to that he resided In San
Francisco with his parents. Frank J.
Cheney, president of the company, has
appealed to Washington for assistance,
and has cabled the Shanghai branch to
spare no expense to effect Immediate re
lief. : "i-
WICHITA, Kans., July 23.— A letter from
Dr. Pruen, a missionary in China, has just
reached his mother, who lives in this city.
The letter was written June 22 from
Shanghai, and says:
CHINESE REPULSED
NEAR WEI-HAI-WEI
"Mrs. Mills, an English lady, arrived
here yesterday from Tientsin. She tells
us that after the 2000 Russians had re
pulsed an attack on the settlement by the
Chinese soldiers and Boxers the Consul
ordered all women and children to leave
Tientsin. The Mills family did so. The
steamer in which they came down the
river reached Taku just in time for the
bombardment of the forts, so the ladfes
had to crouch beneath great stacks of
coal to avoid the shells. Presently from
a few of the thirty gunboats they saw the
British and Japanese land marines, who
rushed forward and seized one of the
forts. Then the others fell Into the hands
of Russia ana Germany."
N ST. PETERSBURG, July 23.— Two en
counters are reported to have taken place
between British and Chinese forces near
Wei-Hai-Wei. The latter, it is reported,
.were repulsed after a stubborn encounter.
No dates are given."
M. Krutlszki, engineer of the Eastern
Chinese Railway, telegraphing from AI
gatchi, in the trans-Baikal territory, un
der date of Friday, July 20. reports, the
occupation of Chailar».by Chinese troops.
The Russians, according to this dispatch,
continued to concentrate at Charbln.
TEXT OF CHINESE
EDICT GIVEN OUT
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON, July 23.— The, State De
partment to-day gave out the text of the
imperial edict received yesterday by Min-
Last Authentic Communication Be
ceived There From Peking
Was Dated June 11.
Commander S. W. Very, recently reliev
ed from command of the United Statesl
gunboat Castlne, arrived yesterday on tha
America Maru from Shanghai, from
which place he departed June 30. Com
mander Very says that there had been
no authentic news from Pekinyfor nine
teen days before he sailed. The latest
communication was dated at Peking on
June 11. and was sent by a lady there to
Mrs Goodnow, wife of the American Con
sul General at Shanghai. This letter con
tained no hint of anxiety or trouble, and
was merely an apology for not being able
to attend a dinner to be given by Mrs.
Before June 30 the Consuls of all coun
tries represented at Shanghai were hold
ins daily meetings, being unable to com
municate with Peking and being without^
instructions. A Chinese fleet had ap
peared but had been persuaded to depart.
Chinese were crowding into Shanghai
panic stricken, and others were fleeingr
from the city in fear.' Still there was n>>
outbreak in that city up to June 30. Tha
Castlne was not at the uaku battle, being
still under repairs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 23.-The Journal has
this from Shanghai, July 23: Three thou
sand Russian troops have arrived at Xiu
chwang from Port Arthur. Their advance*
is blocked by a force of 10,W) Chinese reg
ular troops, well armed and drilled. A
battle is imminent. The Chinese are on,
the lefensive. but will not permit the Rus
sians to proceed.
TO SECOND READING.
LONDON. July 2C.-The House of Lord*
this evening passed to second reading th;"^
bill empowering the Queen to prohibit th«
exportation of arms and ammunition ot
either to any country "when there is rea
son to believe that these or others may
be used against the British forces or for
eign forces co-operating with them."
. »
GOES TO CHINA.
SAN DIEGO N July 23.— A farewell recep
tion and banquet was tendered this even
ing by the Cuyamaca»-Club to Captain
Charles Humphrey, commanding Battery
D. Third Artillery. The battery leave*
for San Francisco Wednesday and thenca
goes to China:
COMMANDER VERY TELLS
OF PANIC AT SHANGHAI
CHINESE BLOCK THE
ADVANCE OF RUSSIANS
Dr. Roberts, a Former San
Franciscan, in Grave
Peril.
SURROUNDED BY
KOOFAN BOXERS
NEW YORK, July 23.— Rev. Dr. John
Fox of the American Bible Society to-day
received a translation of one of the inflam
matory posters used by the Boxers. This
was forwarded by Rev. John H. Hykes
of Shanghai, who received it from Rev.
Charles Gammon at Tientsin. It la a
sample of manv varieties, of which 200,000
copies were distributed in Tientsin City
on June 4. Only the prompt arrival of
foreign troops prevented a second Tien
tsin massacre. It Is as follows:-
Sacred edict, issued by the Lord of Wealth
and Hairiness.
The Catholic and Protestant religions, being
insolent to the gods ami extinguishing sanc
tity, rendering no obedience to Buddhism and
enraplng both heaven and earth, the rain
clouds now no longer visit us, but SWX> spirit
soldiers will descend from heaven and sweep
the empire clean of all foreigners. Then will
the gentle showers once more water our lands,
and when the tread of soldiers and the clash
of steel are heard heralding wo»s to our peo
ple then the Buddhists' Patriotic League of
Boxers will be able to protect the empire and
bring peace to all its people.
Hasten, then, to spread this doctrine far and
wide, for if you gain one adherent to the faith
your own person will be absolved from future
misfortunes. If you gain n*'e adherents to the
faith your whole family will be absolved from
all evils, and if you gain ten adherents to the
faith your whole village will be safe from all
calamity. If you gain no adherents you sHall
be decapitated, for until all foreigners are ex
terminated the rain will never visit us.
Those who have drunk water from wells
poisoned by foreigners should at once make use
of the following divine prescription, the In
gredients of which are to be swallowed, when
the poisoned patients will recover:
Dried black plums, half an ounce.
Solanum delcamarel. half an ounce.
Encommla elcomoids, half an ounce.
A letter was received to-day by Dr. F.
Woodruff Halsey from John M. Swan,
M. D.. dated Canton, June 13. He says
that the province of Kwangtun?, of which
Canton is the capital, has been ripe for
rebellion for a year past. Only the vigor
ous measures of Li Hung Chang In sup
pressing piracy and robbery had preserved
order. At the moment of writing Dr.
Swan says the bodies of eight men were
exposed in public places within a min
ute's walk of his house. The men had
been put to death by torture. Dr. Swan
also said that large quantities of arms
and ammunition had been imported at
Canton during the past year.
TELEGRAM TELLING OF
MINISTERS' SAFETY
PARIS, July 23.— M. Delcasse, Minister
of Foreign Affairs, has received a tele
gram from the French Consul at Chefu,
dated July 21, saying:
"The Governor Informs me that, accord
ing to reliable news from Peking, all th«
foreign Ministers are safe and the Gov
ernment is taking all necessary steps to
deliver and protect them." '
?
FRANCE'S CHINESE ¦ CORPS.
PARIS, July 23.— The Matin thi3 morn
ing- publishes full details regarding the
expeditionary corps of France which will
participate in the operations in China.
The corps will consist of two brigades, one
of marines under command of General
Frey and the other supplied by the War
Department commanded by General Bail
lou. The total French force will number
13,000 men.
MISSIONS DESTBOYED^
LONDON, July 23.— The China Inland
Mission received a telegram from Shang
hai, dated to-day, which reports that
Slang Sien. SI Heu. Chia Kiao. Shekia
Tien and Klanjr Tsl Kuen. »11 mission sta
tions in the province of Hoanan, have
ister Wu. which, like other official com
munications received from Peking, is de
signed to put the Chinese Imperial Gov
ernment in the position of doing all in its
power to protect foreigners and to make
reparation for any outrages that may
have been committed. It also attributes
the opposition which the powers have met
to the attack upon the Taku forts, which
precipitated the meeting of force with
force.
TRANSLATION OF AN
EDICT OF THE BOXERS
been destroyed by rioters. The mission
aries are safe.
ber of the crowd were armed with big
sticks and many of them wore the red
belt of the Boxers.
"After an hour's journey. M. Ossent. on
the advice of Mandarin Sun. gave us the
order to go down and close the hatch
ways in passing certain localities faid to
be dangerous.
"At 6 p. m. we heard rifles and tried to
get out. Each one jumped ashore— men,
Vk>vs, soldiers and all. As soon as we got
ashore the Europeans formed into small
groups and responded to the fire that was
directed at us. In this attack some of
us were wounded. We found ourselves
in front of a large town, of which we
could not learn the name. The wall was
covered with men with lances, swords
and suns. Fighting became general. All
the Europeans, with the exception of M
Ossent. his sister, Mme. Astier, and' MM.
Cadei and Pessar. Who were in one bont
and who had tumped on the opposite side
of the river, wore now fighting together.
Xone of us could tell exactly the sit
uation of M. Ossent. but in the fight there
was no time to think of them.
••The Boxers seeing the boats empty
jumped in and pulled them away from us.
We now had to take to the interior, sev
eral of up half clothed and some with no
shoes, having lost them in the mud. We
kept on, now and then turning to fire on
the enemy, who stopped and ran back
when we "killed any one, but came after
us again dragging cannon which they
fired after us, but never succeeded in hit
ting us. We came to a large pond of
water which we had to cross. M. Iylbert,
a Belgian, and M. Wilden. a Frenchman,
jumped in and fetched a boat and soon
all of us got to the opposite side and
were safe.' r
Place No Faith in Chinese
"Edicts" Reporting Safety
01 LGjjdllOlloi
LONDON. Juty 23.— In the House of
Commons to-day the Parliamen
tary Secretary of Foreign Affairs,
William St. John Broderick. com
municated certain statements of
the Chinese authorities with regard to the
legations at Peking, and said the Minister
believed them to be unharmed.
Mr. Broderick read the text of the sev
eral edicts of July IS, commenting on Min
ister Conger's dispatch to the Department
of State of the United States, and said
that though the dispatch was the same
date as the edict of assurance of safety,
the latter was not borne out by Mr. Con
ger. Consul Warren has telegraphed to
the Governor of Shantung to know how
a message from Peking reached him in
two days, and why there was no message
from their Foreign Minister, Sir Claude
Macdonald. The Governor has replied
that the United States Minister's message
was sent by the Tsung-Lt-Yamen by a
messenger traveling (500 leagues (roughly
200 miles) a day.
"I assure you." the Governor of Shan
tung had added, "there is no telegraphic
communication. I cannot explain why
Masdonald.has not telegraphed, but I beg
you not to get anxious about the Minis
ters, for they and the others are all living
and unharmed. Of this I have already
had several reliable messages."
Mr. Broderick continued: "Seeing that
over a month has elapsed since any com
munication has reached the Government
from the 'British legation, and the Tsung-
Ll- Yamen is communicating by messenger
with various Chinese authorities, her Ma
jesty's Government feels it cannot give
credence to any statement or to any de
crees attributed to the officials of the Chi
nese Government until they are fortified
by letters signed and dated by Sir Claude
Macdonald. or by other officials or by
some cablegram in our cipher." •
According to the translation'read by Mr.
Broderick, the Imperial edict opens as fol.
lows:
"In the Confucian philosophy, spring
and autumn, it Is written Envoys should
not be killed. How, then, can it be sup
posed the. throne's policy is to connive at
allowing troops and people to vent their
wrath on foreign Ministers?"
The edict then gives the assurance al
ready made known to the public.
In the House of Commons the Secretary
of State for India, Lord George Hamilton,
announced that the Maharajah of Wal
hir had offered the Government a fully
equipped hospital ship, upon which it is
proposed to spend twenty lakhs of rupees,
for service In China, as a mark of loyalty
to the Queen. The offer was accepted.
Lord George Hamilton also testified to
the Government's appreciation of those
who are sending: the Maine to China.
MISSION BOARD GETS
NEWS OF LEGATIONERS
NEW YORK, July 23.— The Presbyterian
Board of Missions to-day received the fol
lowing cablegram from Chefu:
Situation" not changed. Shantung-, Governor
Chefu, Taotal, publishes imperial edict urg
ing protection of foreigners and native Chris
tians.' People Peking alive. Trying through
Governor to get word to Pao Ting Fu, where
foreigners in Yamen are supposed to be safe.
TOWLER.
Rev. Dr. Arthur J. Brown, one of the
secretaries of the board, said:
"We do not know any missionary named
Towler. Probably the signature should
be Fowler. All our missionaries left Che
fu for Korea or Japan some, days ago.
Before leaving they may have asked Con
sul General John Fowler to keep our
board informed." __ t
The Methodist Foreign Missionary So
ciety of New York to-day received the
following cable:-
FOO CHOO, July 21.— Danger increasing
Missionaries leaving. LACY.
In response to • the cable the secretary
at once forwarded $300 to help the refu
gees get away. _
HANCOCK MAY SAIL -
DIRECT TO TAKU
WASHINGTON. July 23.— The War De
partment Is considering the advisability
of sending the Hancock, which sails from
San Francisco July ,28,' with four batteries
ot artillery; and oCO marines, direct to
BRITISH STILL
ARE SKEPTICAL
Taku Instead of to Nagasaki. These
troops were to have fcone on the Meade.
which sails August 1. but it has been de
cided, owing t<> the urgent necessity of
getting reinforcements to China, to have
the Hancock make a special trip, i*nft
will carry stores and provisions only for
the troops in China. The Meade. on the
1st proximo, will take out one battalion
of the Fifteenth Infantry, one squadron
of the Third Cavalry and one company of
engineers from West Point, in all 1071 men
and 60 officers.
'The Garonne, carrying two squadrons
of the First Cavalry and 100 recruits. 85
officers and 9,VI men. will sail from Seattle
the same day for Nagasaki. The place of
the Hancock, which was originally sched
uled to sail August 16, will be taken by the
Warren if she arrives at San Francisco
In time. She will take out two squadrons
of the Ninth Cavalry and recruits, in all
42 officers and 1122 men.
FIRST TROOPS* FROM
CUBA REACH NEW YORK
NEW YORK. July 23.— The I'nited
States army transport Crook, having on
board a detachment of the Eighth United
States Infantry, numbering 642 men. under
command of Lieutenant Colonel P. 'II.
Ellis, arrived this morning from Havana.
The troops comprise six companies, band
and hospital corps. The officers of the
regiment, with families and servants,
number tflirty-slx persons. There are also
on board eleven cabin passengers. Includ
ing Colonel W. V. Richards, adjutant gen
eral, Division of Cuba: Colonel W. L.
Haskins, Second United States Artillery:
Major K. S. Godfrey, Seventh United
States Cavalry; Major A. S. Taylor. Sec
ond United States Artillery; Lieutenant
K. W. Shuil, Second Artillery, and N. S.
Stcinhart, chief clerk. Division of Cuba.
All are well on board the transport, and
the men are in excellent condition.
Colonel Kimball, depot quartermaster,
announced to-day that the Crook would
remain in the bay during the day. To
morrow morning the troops will be landed
and they will go by rail to Fort Snelling.
Minn., where they will recruit and rent
ready for further orders. %<¦ -^1" '*¦•
Three battalions of the Fifteenth Regi
ment, stationed on Governors Island, will
go to San Francisco. They will take two
carloads of provisions, medical stores,
canvas warehouses, hardware and en
trenching tools. The first battery of ar
tillery from Fort Wadsworth and the first
battery from Fort Hamilton will take the
place *of these three battalions on the
island. . _
Sixteen packers have been sent to Se
attle to join the packing trains now pre
paring for service In China.
AMERICAN ATTITUDE
DISPLEASES GERMANY
BERLTN. July 23.— Disappointment is
experienced in official circles at the tenor
of the reports from Washington regarding
America's policy. On this point the Ber
liner Tageblatt, with evident inspiration,
says:
"The Chinese have nearly succeeded in
creating differences of opinion among the
powers. The Government of the United
States seems determined thus early to
occupy a separate standpoint with the
concert of the powers. As at Taku,
where the American admiral would not
join, so now President McKlnley ap
parently means to oppose the joint action
of the powers aimed at the re-establish
ment of order in China, all of . which
proves that ihe Chinese are Indeed the
most cunning diplomatists In the world.
While most of the papers point out the
impossibility of an advance upon Peking,
because of the smallness of the allied
forces, as against a greatly superior force
—because of the disastrous effect which
a possible defeat would have upon the
whole cf China, and also because of the
rainy season— the National. Zeitung con
tends that there is but one way to ascer
tain the truth or untruth of the Chinese
claim that the legations are safe, namely,
an immediate advance on the capital.
The semi-official Berliner Post points
out that Germany must send a number or
warships to the Yang-tse Kiang to pro
tect the German commercial Interests in
Shangal and Hankow.
DEMANDS INFORMATION.
BRUSSELS. July 23.— In'reply to the de
mand of the Belgian Government the Chi
nese Charge d'Affaires says he has tele
graphed indirectly to the Tsung-ll • Ya
men with a view of placing the^ Belgian
Minister at Peking. Baron de Vinck, in
communication with .¦ Eelgium.
MISSIONARIES ESCAPE.
REDWING, Minn., July 23.— A cable
gram was received from Rev. T. H. Hilme
announcing that the missionaries of The
Hague Norwegian Synod of America had
safely reached Shanghai from their sta
tions. 700 miles inland.
GEEMAN FORCE REDUCED.
BERLIN. July 23.— A dispatch from
Taku. dated Friday, July 20, says the
German force at Tientsin has been re
duced to 200 men/
BY the steamship America Maru,
which arrived from the Orient yes
terday, there were received papers
giving Admiral Seymour's report of
his advance toward Peking and
subsequent retreat to Tientsin. The pub
lication of the report gives the lie to the
fake story to the 'effect that, to save them
frowi torture by the Boxers, all of the
wounded of the relief column were shot
by Seymour's order at the request of the
unfortunates. On the contrary, all of the
wounded were safely brought out.
The report is subjoined. It bears the
date June 23 and ia as follows:
"During our advance from Tientsin to
Langfang we were repeatedly rttacked
by the Boxers, but we beat them back,
inflicting; heavy loss and not suffering any
casualties ourselves. When we reached
Langfang a large force of the enemy at
tacked us fiercely, using artillery as well
as rifles, but we defeated them, killing
about one hundred, and having five Ital
ians wounded on our own side. On the
same day the force guarding Lohfah sta
tion was vehemently attacked, but we
dispatched reinforcements and the enemy
were defeated with a loss of 100. On our
side the casualties were two British ma
rines wounded.
, Second Defeat of Boxers.
"Thence we pushed on to Anting, where
we were again attacked, and again de-
parsed this place on our ¦way north ther*i
had not been any sign of th.e enemy, but
as soon as we appeared on the banks o£
the river on our return journey the enemy
opened a hot fire on us with rifl>?s ami
cannon. .
"The fire of our advance guard checked
them somewhat, and Major Johr.stonea
detachment stormed the salient anglo >>C
the stores' compound, effecting a lodg
ment and capturing one gun. Short!/
afterward the German detachment on tho
bank of the river silenced two of the en
emy's guns and crossing the river captured
these guns. We finally obtained com
plete possession of the stores. Several
times on that day and during the suc
ceeding days the enemy tried to recover
the position, but failed. In the stores w*
found a quantity of rice and other graht
which served for provisions, and we als<*
captured a number of new pattern guns
as well as a quantity of ammunition.
"We were able to use some of the guns
at once for the purpose of attacking a,
Chinese fort at a point farther down tha
river. The rice and grain enabled us to
hold out for several days, but we wero
much embarrassed by our wounded. X
therefore dispatched a messenger to
Tientsin, asking for reinforcements. They
arrived on the 23d and we were able to re
enter Tientsin on the 24th. having previ
ously set fire to the military stores and
destroyed them."
feated our assailants, inflicting on them
a loss of 173. We then found that the
railway in front of us was hopelessly
damaged and that its repair would be out
pf the question with the means at our
command. I therefore decided to return
to Yangtsun for the purpose of taking the
river route from that place. When vacat
ing Langfang we left two trains with a
strong guard, which were to follow us.
They were attacked by an army of Boxers
and Chinese regulars, who were defeated
after a severe contest, their casualties
amounting to from 400 to .=tt>0 and our own
being 6 killed and IS wounded.
"At Yangtsun we were joined by three
trains, hut they had been so much injured
as to be unfit for further service. We
were also in straits for provisions, and
our wounded hampered us greatly. I
therefore determined to fall back upon
Tientsin. Our communications with that
place had been severed for six days, and
not only were we without proper appli
ances for the wounded but also no means
existed of obtaining food.
Wtfunded Put Into Boats.
"It was deemed best to put the wounded
in boats and take them down the river,
the tmops marching along the two banks.
During: these operations we were sub
jected to consta-nt attacks. We marched
all night and finally came in sight of the
Tientsin military stores. When we had
Official Report of the 'Commander of the Relief Expedition Re
futes the Story That the Disabled Were Slain .to
Prevent Capture.
THE North China Herald of June 13 ,
ha? the following:
We are able to give the story of j
the Right of the unfortunate Euro- j
p«=>ans from Pao Ting-fu and their I
adventures on the way to Tientsin. They ;
reached the latter place Saturday. June 4, :
et 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Some were ;
wounded, all were ragged, footsore and
Utterly weary. One woman, both of whose \
limbs were wounded, had to be carried |
in a chair.
A Chinese servant came in and stated
that he had ?eon the bodies of M. Ossent
and Mme. Astier. the latter mutilated.
Altogether nine of the forty-one who orig
inally s"t out are missing. The story of
the woeful march as told by one of the
party is as follows:
"Owing to ma?j=acres and pillaging in
the neighborhood and the threats of Box
trs to kill all foreigners, and hearing of
the burning of FVngtal. the station that
v.as our junction with the main line. M.
Ossc-nt. chief engineer, gave orders to
leave Pao Ting. M. Ossent ordered the
river route to be followed, as the railway
had been wrecked by the Boxers. On the
£i<th. therefore, we left Pao Ting, there
being forty-one Europeans — thirty-three
men, seven women and one child. We em
barktd in twelve boats manned by Chi
nese sailors.
"The Europeans were mostly armed
with revolvers and a number of oM
Mausers." We weighed anchor about 5
p. m. and left in perfect order. An enor
mous hostile crowd wj*s present, but be
yond pom* 1 t=hou?ir.g and jet-rinK they did
hot commit any overt acts. A grea\ hum-
Of a Party of Forty-One From Pao Ting-Fu
Nine Perish Before, Reaching
the Coast.
FLIGHT OF EUROPEANS
FROM BOXER FANATICS
ADMIRAL SEYMOUR'S WOUNDED
REACHED TIENTSIN IN SAFETY
WASHINGTON', July 23. — The
President has listened to the
appeal of the Chinese Govern
ment, as transmitted through
Minister WjJ. and has signified
his willingness to mediate between the
imperial government and the powers, but
only upon conditions which first must be
mot by the Chinese Government.
The exact nature of the terms proposed
by the State Department cannot be stated
until to-morrow, when it Is expected that
publication will be made of the text of
the Chineso appeal and of the President's
message. It is known, however, that the
answer is entirely consistent with the
statement of principles laid down by Sec
retary Hay in his identical note to the
powers, and, moreover, it accepts as
truthful the Chinese statement relative to
the safety ' of the foreign Ministers at
Peking.
It would not, of course, be possible to
take initial step's toward mediation were
either party to the negotiations to enter
tain open distrust of the accuracy of the
statements of the other. There must be
confidence between them. The United
States answer does not go to the length
of the French answer to a similar appli
cation in laying down conditions which
the Chinese Government could not meet,
even if so disposed, if it actually is strug
gling for its own existence. It does, how
ever, look to the immediate relief of for
eigners in Peking, and, moreover, to the
protection of all foreigners, missionaries
and traders -in China, and to the restora
tion of order. With this much accom
plished the State Department feels that it
can properly approach the powers with
the Chinese proposition for a settlement
for what has occurred.
The Chinese appeal came to Secretary
Hay yesterday through Minister Wu. The
Secretary promptly telegraphed it to the
President at Canton, and after taking a
full day for lts # con?ideratlon the Presi
dent's answer came to-day. It was put in
the proper diplomatic form and a copy
delivered to Minister Wu. who- is to for
ward it to his own government. The ap
peal and answer will be made public here
The imperial edict made public to-day at
the State Department chows that the im
perial government already has taken the
first steps toward doing what the Inited
States Government requires as the princi
pal condition for the exercise of its good
offices In enjoining the viceroys, magis
trates and leading men to stop the dis
orders and protect foreigners, and our
Government will await the results; of this
before proceeding further. It Is expected
that adverse criticism upon the action of
the State Department in this matter will
be heard from Europe, where the govern
ments are acting upon the belief that all
the foreigners in Peking have perished,
but our Government nevertheless regards
its course as the correct one.
All the European governments have
taken the stand here Indicated. The last
of the answers to Secretary Hay s note
reciting the Conger message have come.
and all of them, in terms polite and di
plomatic, express utter incredulity In the
authenticity of the Conger message, con
sul General Goodnow. himself a man or
good judgment, 'also cabled a warning to
Secretary Hay against the acceptance of
the message without confirmation. But
th> State Department has fully considered
the message in all its aspects, has care
fully weighed the numerous objections
and suspicions put forth here hnd in
Europe, and. without" guaranteeing the
authenticity of the message, feels it to be
a matter of prime duty to act upon the
theory that it is genuine.
Admiral Remey's notification to the de
partment that he had gone in person up
the Peiho from Taku to Tientsin is at
tributed to the receipt by him of Secretary
LonK's urgent message to hasten the ef
forts to get to Peking. an«f important
news from him is expected soon.
The Goodnow cablegram reciting tne
message from Prince Tuan vouching for
the safety of the foreign Ministers on
July IS caused a ripple of excitement for
a time at the State Department, but the
officials soon concluded from the context
and other circumstances surrounding the
message that Yuan was meant nstead'ot
Tuan. so that the message lost the \alue
it would have had if it had come ffom the
redoubtable Boxer leader.
THE FIRST FIGHT— SEYMOUR'S MEN BATTLING WITH BOXERS ON THE MARCH TO PEKING.
At Langfang. hetween Tientsin and Peking, on June 16. sixteen British bluejackets from the Centurion, under
Major Johnston, who were in the advance, -were attacked by some 3000 Chinese troops and Boxers. They held them
ofr with sharp Maxim and rifle fire until relieved by parties of Americans and Germans, with whose aid the enemy were
soon put to flight.
State Department Sends a
Favorable Reply to Em
peror Kwiang Su's Appeal
That America Intercede
to Bring About Peace.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY WILLING TO MEDIATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 1900.
TAMMANY'S STAND
ON NATIONAL ISSUES
NEW YORK, July 23.— At a meeting: to
night of the Tammany Hall general com
mittee a series of resolutions, upon mo
tion of Richard Croker, were adopted,
containing the following:
Tammany Hall believes in the supremacy ot
the American flag wherever it floats, but tfca'
it should float nowhere as the symbol of Ub<r:>'
and civil servitude combined, for that Is ¦
combination which can work only dishonor ' >
the flag and American Institutions.
Tammany Hall condemns the waging of *
war for conquest as un-American in principle
and false to tbe pledge of the nation an siwa
by the President of the United States. It «08
demns the unconstitutional action of the Presi
dent In carrying on a war for conquest withoui
the authorization of Congress.
The resolutions denounce monopolies
and trusts and close with the following
The Democracy of the nation stands for v >*
tional honor, national conservatism, national
justice. Tammany Hall, faithful to the prin
ciples .. Of Democracy and subordinating ait
things to Democratic success, closes it* ranks
and calls for patriotic 'unity in the tib" 1^ oC
Democratic trtunx£b*
2
YUAN SHAI KAL GOVERNOR OF SHANTUNG.
Th:s= individual, through whose Varaw at Tsinan. the Fu city of Shantung.
Mtuatod on the Hoang Ho. 250 mtl-?s from Peking, niters all the news from
Peking, is noted by those who Know Chinese magnates as the equal of even
Sheng or Li in bare-facod mendacity and cunning duplicity. He was the Chi
¦ nose rr-isrosontative at SeonJ (.Korea), when the Chinese-Japanese war broke
out. and [a said to have acquired large sums of money in various questionable
tettyt during hn Incumbency and to have successfully deceived everybody
concerned except the Japanese, who put no faith in him.Enthusiastic Angler— I can t fancy any
one not fond of trout fishing.
Tender-hearted Maiden— Unless It be the
trout. — Collier's Weekly.
EMIL ULBRECHT DROWNS
. IN HONOLULU WATERS
At One Time a Champion Bicycle
Rider of This Ccast and of
Chicago.
Emil Ulbrecht, at one time one of the
fastest bicycle riders in California, was
drowned at Honolulu on the 13th Inst.
Deceased was a member of the Bay City
Wheelmen and carried the Maltese cross,
its emblem, to victory In many famous
races. On two occasions he practically
won the annual 'hundred-mile relay race
for his club, gaining so much distance on
tne men pitted against him that the re
sult was never thereafter in doubt.
' He w.is* originally from Chicago, where
he gained fame as a road rider, capturing
first prize on one occasion In the great
Pullman road race from Chicago to Puil
nau. 1I» then removed to Southern. Cali
fornia, whwc his talent - a^ a mechanic
wa^, In demand. From Los Anze'cs he
. BERLIN*. July 23.— Emperor William. In
announcing the appointment of Captain
I'Fedom of the cruiser Hertha, now in
China. a5 an aid-de-camp said: "This
valiant and drcumFwct leader has won
the admiration of all. eppecially the Eng
lish and Russian admirals. To him and
all who valiantly helped win laurels for
my young navy I express my thanks. I
&i -i jir.t him aid-de-camp."
lection of an Aid-de-Caxnp.
Empc-rcr of Germanj Announces Se-
THANKED BY WILLIAM:.
¦ Megaphones are comparatively new. and
their introduction as means of calling car
riages after a reception at the White
House in Washington is noted as a useful
innovation. But. the megaphone seems
out of keeping with modern inventions
and usages. The tendency of the age is
toward quietness and concentration and
the big. resonant megaphone in associa
tion with social functions is suggestive of
anything but quiet elegance.— New York
Times. . p
Megaphones to Call the Carriages.
"I have Just -received from a lady a
check for $150." said a New York man
the other day. "You cannot guess why
this check has been sent to me. Perhaps
you will not believe that it is to pay the
burial expenses of a pet dog. Such is the
case. The dog will be buried in the 'pet
cemetery' at Dell Wood. The pet ceme
terv is just what its name implies. It is
a cemetery for the burial of pet animals.
You would be suprprised at the number
of persons who pay for the burial of pet
dogs. cats, birds, etc. The cemetery Is
located on the east bank of the Hudson
River, near the town of Stockport. in
about 110 acres of land. Pet animals from
all over the country are sent there for
burial. Mr. J. Plerpont Morgan's collie
Hurricane has been interred in this ceme
tery. The first interrment was that of
a pet horse owned by Buff ffalo Bill. It
is . the . only cemetery of Its kind in the
country." — Correspondence Kansas City
journal. . . . • - .
Cemetery for Pet3.
Definition of a Dachshund-
This Is what the boy wrote about the
dachshund: "The dachshund is a dorg,
notwithstanding appeat-encis. He has fore
legs, two in front an' two behind, an'
they ain't on speakin' terms. I wunst
made a dockshound out of a cowcumber
an' fore matches, an' It lookt as nacheral
as life. Docks-hounds is fairly intellin&ent,
considerin'. thare shaip. Thare brains bein'
so far away f rum thare tales it bothers
them some to wag- the lattur. I wunst
noo a dockshound who wus too ampasnunt
to wate till he cood signal the hole length
of his body when he wanted to wag his
tale, so he maid it up with his tale thet
when he wanted it to wag he would shake
his rite ear, an' when thetale seen it shake
it wood wag. But as fer me. gimme a bull
pup with a peddygree."— Saturday Even
ing Post.
Elias Carr.
RALEIGH, X. C, July 23.— Ex-Governor
Ellas Carr died to-day In Edgecomb
County. ¦. ,
BERLIN, July 23.— Baron von Manteuf
fel, the distinguished Conservative states
man and member of the Reichstag, died
to-day.
Baron von Manteuffel.
The Day's Dead
A Lewiston, Maine, girl, who has never
tasted the weed and who dislikes the
smell of a much-smoked pipe, has one of
the most remarkable collections of tobac
co pipes in the State. She began to collect
them when she was a little girl, and ha3
kept up the fad. until now she has a won
derful variety of them. And what i<*
more, she has sent them around the world
for great men to smoke. She has one. that
was smoked by Bismarck, one by the
Prince of Wales, and her pipes, which arc
all new when she buys them, have been
smoked by many great men in Amehlca.
When her girl friends gather at her house
she brings out her pipes to display ar.d
will not show them to straifgers. She
fears notoriety, but really her collection is
remarkable.— Kennebec Journal.
Famous Men Smoked Her Pipes.
Before Dulce came I had seen many of
his kind die agonizing and, I know now.
unnecessary deaths, not from climate, but
from bread and milk. But Dulce came
to teach me how to keep his race in
health, beauty and happiness. His first
object lesson was to pounce "upon a box
where I kept weevils or mealworms for
my mocking bird and make away with a
dozen or more at a slttinq;. In this way
he told me that the marmoset is insectiv
orous. Mealworms may be had all win
ter from bird dealers, as well as live
bait from the fish market; but when sum
mer comes Dulce and I go on grasshop
per hunts, and such sport as we have
chasing them about In the warm Krass
and ferreting under stones in cool places
for crickets! In June, when Dulce is sound
asleep— for he snoozes from 5 o'clock in
the afternoon till 10 th<» next morning—
I go out in search of the brown beetles
that fall under the electric light. Eggs,
both raw and hard-boiled," cooked lob
rter and paper-shelled clams are all capi
tal s-ubstltutes for the summer Insects. It
is now six years since I found my little
companion, and to-day he is as active
and as strong as a Shetland pony.— The
Century. *
I went close to his cage, and, to my joy!
instead of shrinking from me in agitated
aversion, as all the others had done, he
came to meet me. I opened the door,
and before I knew it he was on my shoul
der and, with one of his white rosettes
pressed against my cheek, singing the
tenrlerest and sweetest little song, which
told me that I was his and he was mine.
I took him home, and because he was so
sweet in disposition I called him Dulce.
When I first saw Dulce he was trying
to make the best of things In a grimy cor
ner of the shop of a dealer in animals.
He had that very day come from his
tropical home, and I wondered if the
hands that had decorated his ears with
ornaments of coral and tinsel were hands
that had loved him. and if so, how they
could ever let him go, a being so beau
tiful. No silk was ever softer than his
fur. through the gray of which I caught
shades of orange and black. His . eyes
were sparks of electric light, struck from
the white tufts of hair on each side of
the face that scrutinized me so critically.
Dulce is a gentleman of the old school,
fastidious, alert and valiant. Vehement
in his likes and dislikes, and quick to rec
ognize the good and the bad, he acts as
my divining rod. I know when Dulce
sings softly upon first acquaintance that
here is a person to trust, but when he
goes off In a succession of short clicks,
like a policeman's rattle, I am on my
guard. •
What is a marmoset? you will ask. The
books of natural history will tell you that
they are the smallest of the monkey tribe;
but when I hear them singing like a
tnlcketful of thrushes, as I do when they
are quite content, then I say they are
birds: again, when I see them Jump about
my room as light as puffs of smoke. I
say they are spirits; and yet again, when
I look into their faces and see the expres
sion there, 1 half human, half elflike, I
say they are hobgoblins.
I have been under the spell of these be
witching little things for many a year,
and to-day I am no nearer knowing what
they really are than I was at first. Even
Dulce, who 'is the head of the family of
which I am going to tell you, keeps up
the mystery of his identity. Dulce comes
from Colombia, South America, but ho
goes wherever I go, in winter in a fur
lined basket and in summer on my shoul
der.
key Family.
The Smallest and Cutest of the Mon-
I SOMETHING ABOUT MARMOSET.
Gold at Washington.
WASHINGTON. July 23.-The Govern
ment's holdings of gold to-day reached the
highest point in its history and amounted
to $427,499,482. including the lawful reserve
of $150,000,000. The next highest amount
•was $427,425,800. which was in the Govern
ment vaults on May 2. 1300
Lives Lost in a Fire.
CHICAGO, July 23.— Two girls arc dead
and two men v. ere badly burned as the
result of a gasoline explosion at 331 North
Franklin street. The dead:
MARGARET POCH. aged 11.
ANNA POCH. asred 17.
The injured: Gustav Keppler, scorched
on face and hands in trying to rescue
Anna Poch; John Moore, face and hands
burned. ! ¦ * ¦ ¦
Consul Ellsworth Denies the Current
Rumors of a Revolution.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Luther T. Ells
worth. United States Consul at Puerto
Cabollo, Venezuela, was a passenger on
the steamship Olinda, which reached her
dock to-day.
"All reports about war in Venezuela are
false. I left Venezuela July 8. and there
was no trouble there whatever," said
Consul Ellsworth.
USED BODIES OF PAUPEKS.
How Secretary of Knights and Ladies
of Security Defrauded the
Organization.
CHICAGO. July 23.— Miss Margaret
Sheehan, former financial secretary of Il
linois Council No. 402, Knights and La
dies of ,Security. a fraternal insurance
ordf-r. pleaded guilty to-day to a charge
of conspiracy to defraud that organization
of $6So0. It is said that, hoping for le
niency, two more of the persons indicted
will to-morrow plead guilty. Pauper ca
davers were used as a basis for the col
lection of money alleged to be due on poll
cies - .
QUIET IN VENEZUEI/A.
Claim They Do Not Mix With Chi
nese and the Embargo Is
Wholly Unjust.
DENVER, Colo.. July 23.— Governor
Thomas to-day received a brief communi
cation from Secretary of State John Hay,
inclofing an extended letter from N. Na
beshima, the Japanese Charge d'Affalres
at Washington. The latter's letter is In the
nature of a demand upon the part of the
Imperial Government of Japan that the
Colorado State Board of Health raise the
quarantine on Japanese subjects.
The Japanese, according to the Charge's
statement, should not be included with
the Chinese in anything. He says they
are not given to plague and never have
been; that the suggestion of the Colorado
Beard of Health to such a fact is rather
an exhibition of Ignorance than a mani
fest understanding of prevailing. race con
ditions. The Japanese, he maintains, do
not mix with the Chinese in any part of
the world.
In concluding, he states very plainly
that the- Imperial Government of Japan
will insist that the race shall not be dis
criminated against.
Governor Thomas will confer further
with the State Board of Health in regard
to the quarantine which is still effective
In this State against Asiatics.
?
JAPANESE OBJECT TO
QUARANTINE IN COLORADO
The Labor day celebration, through the
untiring efforts of the committees havtng
the affair in charge, gives promise of sur
passing all previous events of Its kind.
A meeting of the joint committee on
celebration was held Saturday night last
at 1159 Mission street and the following
committees, made up of members of va
rious unions, were appointed to take
charge of the events scheduled for the
occasion:
Reception— Alex Dijeau, August Iten
and P. H. McCarthy.
Game? — Walter H. Goff, Florence Bar
nett. Philip J. D'.etz. P. Smith, Patrick
Hannon and William McGowan.
Talent and music— J. H. Brady. H. Caa
sidy. Alex Dijeau and W. McGowan.
Printing— O. A. Tveitmoe. J. K. Phillips.
John E. McDougald, J. Smallbone and
Walter H. Goff.
Finance — John Nugent, J. H. Brady,
Walter H. Goff and O. A. Tveitmoe.
The officers are: P. H. McCarthy, presi
dent of the day: A. Dijeau. secretary, and
John E. McDougald. treasurer.
Arrangements were made for a number
of athletic contests. Prizes to the value
of about $1500 have already been donated.
There will be a competition between the
unions for the Phelan trophy, which was
won at Glen Park last year by the ce
ment workers. The union winning the
trophy three consecutive years retains it.
Literary exercises, music and dancing
will also be features of the day.
The celebration will be held at Central
Park.
OFFICERS CHOSEN FOR
LABOR DAY CELEBRATION
FORT WORTH. Tex., July 23.— Jerome Kerby
of Dallas will be nominated for Governor by
the Populist State Convention at Waco Tues-
IRONTON. Ohio, July 23.— A terrific wind,
rain and hall storm swept over here last night
and demolished a large planing mill, unroofed
several houses and uprooted trees. Severa!
houses were struck by lightning.
REDDING. July 23.— William Sevens, engi
neer on the Anderson and Bella Vista Railroad.
was arrested to-day and charged with assault
on 14-year-old Etta Morgan of Bella Vista.
who Is the complaining witness.
SACRAMENTO. July 23.— On the ISth a
stranger left his horse and cart at a stable
here and has not Elnce been seen. The out
fit consists of a large bay horse and a black
cart.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. July 23.— The medical
congress of Latin America will meet here In
D*cemt*T. together with the International hy
gienic, pharmaceutlc and dentlstlc exhibition.
BUFFALO. July 23.— The Lehlfch Valley
freight house at East Buffalo, together with
fifty cars loaded with merchandise, was de
stroyed by fire to-day. Loss. J150.0CO.
BERLIN. July 23.— Emperor William has ac
cepted from the manufacturers thre* auto
mobiles, in which he Intends to ride during the
August maneuvers.
WASHINGTON. July 23.— The resignation of
P^rry S. Heath as Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral reached the department to-day. It Is to
take effect July 31.
TUSCALOOSA. Ala.. July 23.— Eleven negroes
were drowned In the Warrior River near
Akron. Ala., at 3 p. m. to-day by the capsiz
ing of a skiff.
BERLIN. July 23. — An oleomargarine trust
has been formed in Germany, to go into effect
the beginning of next year.
day. The convention will be strictly middle-of
the-road and opposed to fusion. -A. full State
ticket will be named.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. July 23.— Harry Arinott.
locator and part owner of the Little Annie
proup of mines In the Blgr Bug district, com
mitted suicide by taking strychnine this after
noon at Prescott. Despondency ' due to ill
health was the cause.
CLEVELAND. July 23.— Senator Hanna, ac
companied by his family, will leave here for
Elberon. X. J.. Wednesday afternoon for recre
ation until September 1. He will, however,
make daily trips to the national headquarters
In New York.
WASHINGTON*, July 23. — Postmaster General
Smith has returned from Atlantic City. While
there he read the report of Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General Bristow on Cuban frauds
ftnd stated this afternoon that an abstract of
the report would be made public to-morrow.
BFRLIX, July 23.— The hot wave has broken
and there have been terrific rain and thunder
storms since last evening In many parts of
Germany. The- temperature Is again moderate,
but an enormous amount of damage has been
done in the district west of Berlin, especially
to fruit.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., July 23.— The two young
men found murdered yesterday on the Maple
I>»af tracks near Savannah, Mo., were this
afternoon identified as H. Speth and Guy Spiel
man, bcth of Plattsville, WIs. The supposed
murderer Is another voung man seen In their
company at Savannah Saturday. He has not
been found.
ST. PAUL. July 23.— The St. Paul Cold Stor
age and Warehouse Company's large ware
house was destroyed by fire to-day. The total
loss Is estimated at $7C0.<WO. with an insurance
of J3S0.MO. The warehouse was filled with but
ter, fruit, tobacco, eggs, tea, whisky and
other commodities.
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS CONDENSED
"The situation in the Philippines is just
what it was during the last years of the
Spanish rule." said Captain F. V. Krug
of the Twenty-second Infantry, who has
jijst returned from eighteen months of
campaigning in the Philippines and is
staying at the Occidental. "The best peo
ple — the educated classes — have become
convinced that the American rule is the
best they could possibly have, and the
fighting is all being done by roving bands
of robbers who have harassed the Islands
for many years and levied tribute on their
more fortunate neighbors and tribal ene
mies. Practically all of Manila and the
immediate districts in that vicinity are
at peace with us and the people are anx
ious to see the war ended. They are only
prevented from openly joining the Ameri
can cause by agents of the robber bands
who manage to creep through the lines
and intimidate them by threats to burn
down their houses and places of business
and to murder them in the night. Too
often these threats are carried out.
Captain Krug speaks with some authori
ty, for. in addition to campaigning pretty
well over the Island of Luzon, he nas had
the command for several months of the
provost guard in charge of one of the
largest and most thickly populated dis
tricts of Manila. He has had to deal with
all classes of the Filipinos and has learn
ed their characteristics. Just now he is
on two months" sick leave and is making
a round trip on the transport HancocK
to recuperate.
"One of the curious things we have to
deal with," he continued, "is to keep our
prisons from being overcrowded with
voluntary prisoners. All prisoners of war
are kept in a closely guarded section of
the town, where they have plenty of
room to rove about and plenty of fresh
air. In spite of all we can do to keep
them out. the number of prisoners in
creases daily. The only way that I can
account for it is that the poor fellows
find better living in the prisons than the>
can possibly get outside. \N e feed them
the regular army ration, which consists
of frozen beef, hard bread and vegetables.
The beef cannot be secured outside at any
price, even by the wealthy.
"Under such treatment the Filipinos
are becoming altogether too fastidious.
On one occasion, while I was superintend
ing the distribution of the ration, instead
of beef the commissary had chanced to
send mutton, thinking, perhaps, that the
prisoners would enjoy the change of diet.
Instead they refused absolutely to accept
the mutton, and went without meat
rather than accept It. It was not until
some days later that I learned the real
reason for their refusal; they thought the
frozen sheep were dogs. While they were
willing to eat dogs before the Americans
came, they prefer beef now.
"The policy of leniency pursued by Gen
eral Otis is bearing good fruit now. In
nearly every case spies, murderers and
other desperate criminals who have been
convicted by military courts and sen
tenced to death, have had their sentences
commuted to imprisonment by the re
viewing authority. I understand that
these prisoners are to be brought to tht*
country, to serve out their terms In mil
itary prisons here."
Captain Krug of the Twenty-Second
Infantry Declares Voluntary
Prisoners Are Filling De
tention Places.
Fear Prevents Their Join
ing Our Forces and End
ing the War. '
FILIPINOS ARE
SATISFIED WITH
AMERICAN RULE
GEORGETOWN. Ky.". July 23.— The
courtroom was only about half filled with
epectators when the Powers case was
called up to-day. The prosecution gave
r.otice that they would excuse a half
dozen persons summoned as witnesses for
that =ide. Among tho^e excused was Ike
Golden, brother of Sergeant \\ harton
Golden. _
Lieutenant John Ricketts. an officer in
the Barboursville militia, of which John
Power* was captain, was the first witness
to-day He arrived in Frankfort January
£5 with the trair.load of mountaineers.
Before the train reached Frankfort, wit
ness said, the men were ordered to W. H.
Cultcn for ratior.s. The men were armed
¦urtth gur.s and pistols. Arriving at Frank
fort they took possession of the agricul
tural building and stacked their guns
there.
Witness said each morning a crowd or
JM to GOO mountain men occupied the yard
in frcr.t of the executive building. Wit
cess had a conversation with Youtsey the
day before the assassination. Youtsey
eaid Goebel had to be put out of the way
ar.d he (.Youtsey) had RM which he would
elve for that purpose and knew ten or
fweive others who would also contribute
to euch a fund. Youtsey also said Goebel
could be .killed from the executive build
ing- that the assassin could escape
?faroueh the basement and never be de
tected! He Bald his jor. depended on Goe
bfcl being killed. Fifteen minutes before
the assassination the witness saw Yout
sey and the latter told him he wanted
tw«""v or thirtv mon to accompany him
to the executive' building. Continuing the
witness i-.iid:
"Youtsey put us inside the executive
building "near the stairs. He told us
something was going to happen and we
must remain there. \% hen he started
through the hall I left and went into a
private residence across the street from
the buiidir.e. I had boen there a few
minutes when I heard the shooting. I did
not know any of the men whom I left
at the foot of the stairs in the executive
L> \Vun'%? said that the men whom Tout-
F ev placed were just outside the office of
the Secretary of State. He said he left
because he did not want to be present in
case of a killing.
Cross-examined, the witness said that
when Youtsey placed the men in the hall
he told thfin a? soon cs "something hap
pened" a man would come down the steps
and go away with them. •
Witness saM that when Youtsey left the
men he went in the direction of the Gov
ernor's office.
R E. Coombs, private secretary to Pro
late Judge Hobson, the next witness, told
cf a conversation between two mountain
eers in the Housp lobby a day or two be
fore the assassination. In which they
ppoke of ''ricking tht-m out." meaning the
Democrats.
During th* rrosp-examir.ation of Coombs
(¦x -Governor Brown objected to testimony
that mountaineers went to Frankfort
armed, as the right to carry arms was a
constitutional privilege. The court took
issue on this point and said that the law
did not permit crowds of armed men not
In the military service and called out In
Jhe regular way to gather for any pur
pose.
flutstast Adjutant General Murray read
a Icttfr which he fourd on file in his of
fice at Frankfort, having been left there
at the time of the evacuation of the Tay-
Icr trnnps. It was from Powers to Adju
tant General Collier, dated January 22.
Powers says: "We have undertaken a
periouF matter. We must win. We must
have the men and gur.s."
Claims That Youtsey Pointed Out
a Windo-w to Him and Said
the Killing Could Be
Done From It.
Testimony of Lieutenant
John Ricketts in the
Powers Case.
SAID GOEBEL
MUST BE PUT
OUT OF THE WAY
Mrs. Duke is the daughter of Count Al
fred Festetics of Austria, and is first
cousin of Count Festetics, who married
Ella Haggin, daughter of the California
millionaire. Her husband, who died six
years ago. was a graduate of Columbia
College and was at the time of his death
a rapidly rising attorney practicing at
the New York bar. Mrs. Duke is now
about 28 years old, of handsome figure
and intelligent face. Since the death of
her husband she has almost entirely sup
ported herself by painting.
With Mrs. Redstone, Mrs. Duke has
been living at No. 4 West Eighteenth
street. The former loaned Mrs. Duke a
valuable lorgnette, which she was later
unable to recover. Mrs. Duke at first de
nied any knowledge of the trinket, but
when threatened with arrest she said she
had lost it.
She promised to replace it and begged
her friend not to disgrace her. Mrs. Red
stone in a moment of anger turned the
matter over to the police and then for
two days tried to undo her hasty action.
It was made apparent that the case to
day was the outgrowth of a quarrel and
Mrs. Redstone seemed even more anxious
to withdraw the complaint than her one
time friend was to have her do so. Mag
istrate Meade quickly settled the affair
by ordering the discharge of Countess
Festetics on the ground that no crime
had been committed.
NEW YORK, July 23.— Two young
women, each of attractive personality,
made a pathetic picture in the Jefferson
Market Court this afternoon. One, Count
ess Festetics, known in this city as Mrs.
Annie N. Duke, was a prisoner charged
with larceny of a valuable lorgnette. The
complainant was Mrs. Dora Redstone,
until recently the warmest personal
friend of the Countess.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Case Was Apparently the Outgrowth
of a Petty Quarrel and the Fair
Prisoner Was Dismissed
Without Trial.
Mrs. Annie Duke Accused
of Stealing a Valu
able Lorgnette.
COUSIN OF
FESTETICS IN A
POLICE COURT
"I considered their representations of
little Importance." said the admiral, "and
did not take them to Manila. Later I
gave permission to Aguinaldo and about
a dozen others to come to Manila. All
that they were anxious about at that time
was an end of the tyranny of Spain,
against which they were lighting. After
the destruction of Montejo's fleet the city
virtually surrendered, and I am satisfied
that if we had had 5000 troops there at that
time we could have gone ashore and been
received by the Filipinos as deliverers.
They had absolutely no thought then of
independence. That was an after-thought
of their leaders during the interim be
tween the smashing of the Spanish lieet
and the arrival of the United States
troops."
Speaking of the report that Cuba was
to be evacuated by the American troops
after the holding of the constitutional
convention. Admiral Dewey said he did
not see how the United States could turn
over the island to the Cubans until a
stable government had been established.
"We are responsible to the world for
the orderly conduct of affairs in Cuba,"
said he, "and until such a government is
established I cannot see how we can with
draw We are confronted with a similar
situation in the Philippines. The world
looks to us, and no matter what political
party wins in November, the United
States cannot relinquish the islands until
a responsible and stable government is
set up there." _^
The admiral said he had never heard of
Alejandrino. Several Filipinos, after
much Importuning, came aboard the
Olympia at Hongkong. They were anxious
to be taken to Manila.
WASHINGTON, July 23.— The letter re
ceived by Senator Pettlgrew from one of
Aguinaldo's generals, J. Alejandrino, con
taining an alleged account of an interview
between himself and Admiral Dewey on
board the Olympia, April, 1S93, in which
it is stated Admiral Dewey promised in
dependence to the Filipinos, was shown to
the admiral to-day by an Associated Press
reporter. The admiral characterized it a
"tissue of falsehoods." He declared it ab
surd on its face. "I not only had no
power to promise Independence to the
Filipinos." said he, "but the whole tenor of
the words put in my mouth stamps them
as false. 1 am made to say things which
1 never thought of, and which. I could
never have uttered. You /will notice that
I am addressed in the alleged interview as
•admiral,' when at the time I was a com
modore.
Points Out the Fact That It Mentions
Him as Admiral When He
Was Only a Commo
dore.
Characterizes the Alejan
drino Letter as a Tissue
;of Falsehoods.
DEWEY STILL
INSISTS HE MADE
NO PROMISES
He met his death near Honolulu at
Makapuu Point. He was searching for
sea shells with Harry Moor?, IX E. Hayes
and a young man named Rylander. The
men removed their clothing and walked
along the rocks beyond Koko Head. 1*1
brecnt was swept off the rockst by the
heavy waves and carried beyond the
reach of his friends. Moore was thrown
off his feet at the same time and nearly
drowned. Tb«» three rnen saw •• — •*-
friend drowned, but were unable to renii*r
him any assistance owing to the fu»j
the water at that point, which kept
sweeping the doomed man away from
them. The body was not recovered. V«
brecht leaves a wife and three small chil
dren. He was 2S years of age and em
ployed at the iron works In Honolulu.
raada several racing pilgTiramagtf-? to this
city. He was at his best on the road, but
was also a factor la several big handi
caps.
in the first part of the movement.
The War Department will send to China
as soon as possible several batteries of
mountain guns, for which contracts will
be made in the course of the next week.
Already army ordnance officers, acting
on instructions from Secretary Root, have
placed an order .with an American ord
nance company for 20,000 rounds of ammu
nition for the 2-pounder and 12-pounder
mountain guns now at Manila. The
amount of the contract is about $100,000,
and the shipment is ordered to be made
without delay. The proposition to buy
more mountain guns for transportation
to China is the result of a recommenda
tion renewed by General Miles and is in
addition to the -two batteries of Vickers
OFFICERS MENTIONED IN THE DISPATCHES.
SEIZED BY THE ALLIES OFF TAKU.
From ths isavy ana Army.
This vessel, the Chinese cruiser Haitien, with the Chinese admiral on
ooard, was detained by the allied commanders at the mouth of the Pleho
River at the time of the capture of the Taku forts. June 17. Later a crew
from the German vessels boarded her and are still in charge-
guns ordered last week.
The batteries of mountain artillery
probably will be manned by detachments
of men from the regular artillery arm in
this country or sent over to China from
the Philippines.
The belated detail of the staff for Gen
eral Chaffee has excited a good deal of
comment among army officers. That of
ficer left this country and will reach China
ready for service in all respects save that
he will have no staff. The officers now |
chosen are not those for whom he asked |
and no Inspector general is included In i
the detail, although General Chaffee was !
anxious that such officer be assigned to
duty with him. He probably will select
one of the volunteer field officers from
Manila for that work— possibly Captain
C. E. Muir, who was formerly an in
spector general of volunteers.
It is an interesting incident of General
"Wilson's detail for duty with General
Chaffee that In 1363 Wilson was major
general and Chaffee a sergeant. Time
has wrought a change in the position of
each, so that Wilson reports to ChafiTe©
and becomes his Junior in rank and sta«
tion.
The War Department is placing orders
for a great quantity of supplies. Con
tracts nave been awarded recently for
$2,000,000 worth of stores of all kinds, and
bids will be asked to-morrow at Boston.
Chicago and Philadelphia for Jl.OOO.OOO
worth of material. This will replenish
the diminished stock of the quartermas
ter's supplies and camp equipment.
Army quartermasters are bothered
about means for heating the tents of the
soldiers in China. Cold weather does not
occur until November 1 in the section
where the operations are likely to be un
dertaken, but the question must be set
tled at once In anticipation of a protracted
campaign extending through the winter.
No further orders were issued for troops
to reinforce the American detachment in i
China to-day, but two additional briga- !
<iier general? ¦were ordered to report to
General Chaffee for duty in the Peking
expedition. They are General Frederick
T>. Grant, now on duty in the Philippines,
and General Thomas II. Barry, who Is on
hoard the transport Sumnor, which sailed
on July 17 from San Francisco to Naga
saki. If the start Is made on July 30
neither of the three brigadiers who have
ber-ri ordered to report to General Chaf
fee will be on hand in time to participate
It is the general opinion among officers
©f the army :hat it would be difficult for
the powers to find a man better fitted for j
the supreme command than General Chaf
fee. His experience la Indian campaigns
and in Cuba, it is said, fits him peculiarly
Sor the leadership of such an expedition.
The Question of supreme command is
EtIIl unsettled. Admiral Remey has gone
to Tientsin to participate in a confer
ence of senior officers present on the ques
tion of the command. At his request in
structions have be-en sent him for his
guidance In this conference. He has been
informed that he is not necessarily to
favcr puttir.g an American ofScer in com
xnar.d. He must advocate the selection
of the best mar. to command the expedi
tion without regard to the proportion of
troops supplied by the several powers. It
Is understood that if this conference falls
to decide upon a commander for the ex
pedition to Peking the question will be
taken up and fettled by negotiations di
rectly between the governments partici
pating in the Campaign.
PAL.L HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON.
LJuiy 23. — Further advices received
from Rear Admiral Remey leave
r.o doubt in the minds of officials
here that July SO is the date which the
commanders of the combined forces In
China have decided upon for the begin
r.lr.g of the advance on Peking.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT. July 23.-Baron Paul Merl
ins. German Consul General to Peking.
China, and an intimate friend of the late
German Minister, Baron von Ketteler,
passed through Detroit to-day en route
to New York, whence he will sail Wednes
day for home. Just before leaving Peking
he had a long talk with Minister Conger,
who. he said, was very sure that the up
rising "would not amount to much."
"I cannot believe," said Baron Merllng,
"that all the foreigners have been massa
cred, f I am quite certain that the cipher
message received by your Government
from Peking is genuine and was written
by Minister Conger. I have several rea
sons for believing so. but I cannot givo
my reasons, for my Government would
not like to have me talk too much. ,
"You can believe one thing that is as
certain as the rising of the sun: The arm
ies of Europe will devastate Northern
China."
GERMAN CONSUL THINKS
THAT CONGER IS SAFE
WASHINGTON, July 23.-Adm!n*
lstration officials are more hopeful
over the situation In China, as a re
sult of the dispatches which have
come in the last few days, more particu
larly the European advices of to-night
asserting that the Ministers are safe. If
an answer is received to the second tele
gram, which has been sent through the
Chinese Minister here to Mr. Conger, and
that answer should bear International
evidence of genuineness, the situation will
be materially Improved and the Govern
ment, with the additional Information
that Minister Conger may transmit, will
be able to move Intelligently toward the
rescue of the beleaguered foreigners.
It seems probable from the Brussels dis
patch that the note of Mr. Hay to the
United States representatives abroad,
directing them to urge upon the govern
ments to which they are accredited, the
opening of communication with, Peking; la
bearing fruit and the officials hope that
united action by the powers generally on
this matter may be taken.
Administration Expects to Get
Second Message From
Conger.
GROWING HOPE
AT WASHINGTON
July 30 Faxed as the Date for the Advance
oN Peking and Commanders Will
Meet at Tientsin to Select the Leader
of the Relief Expedition.
BETWEEN CHINA AND THE EUROPEAN POWERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY .24, . 1900.
A Shrewd Surmiss.
3
Lieutenant Colonel C. A. Coolidge of
the Fourteenth United States Infan
try succeeded Colonel Liscum (killed
on 13th Inst.) in command of the Amer
ican troops at Tientsin.
Vice Admiral Alexieff of the Russian
fleet, since Admiral Seymour returned
on board his vessel, is in command of
the allied naval contingents at Tien
tsin.
Captain E. V. Bookmiller was badly
wounded at the storming of the walls
of Tientsin at the same time Colonel
Liscum fell.
English strawberries in London cost
from Is ta 6s 6d per pound, according to
size and quality; French are retailed at
8d and lOd
"I hadjttffered from indigestion,
and only those who have suffered
from it know what it really is,"
writes Mrs. M. J. Fagan, of 1613
East Genesee Street, Syracuse,
N. Y. "I had severe attacks of
headache and dizziness with cold
hands and feet; everything I ate
distressed me, bowels were consti-
pated, and I was growing very thin
and nervous. I cannot half ex-
press the bad feelings I had when
I commenced taking Dr. Pierce' s
Golden Medical Discovery. I took
nine bottles of the ' Discovery ' and
several bottles of tbe 'Pellets.* I
commenced feeling better with the
first bottle, and kept on improving.
Now I am so greatly improved in
health my friends often speak of it.;
I most heartily recommend those
medicines to all suffering as I was."j
Durban. South Africa, has become a
winter resort, and contains some of the
finest residences in the world. They are
surrounded by tropical trees, flowers and
fruits.
ADVERTisEsnarrs.
for diseases Qf I
. thejStomacfc
Plood, Nerves'
and Lungs.
I DR.PIERCE5
Golden Me3ica I
DiscoveryBoard of Supervisors Empowers the
Sheriff to Employ More Depu
ties to Preserve Order.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 23.— As an aftermath
of the tragedy at Agricultural Park a
week ago Sunday at the Brewers* and
Bottlers' picnic, a committee appointed by
the citizens' law and order mass meeting
appeared before the Board of Supervisors
to-day. The committee consisted of Al
fred Holman (chairman), John E. Rich
ards. W. G. Alexander. J. D." Radford. J.
C. Cornell and W. T. Aggeler.
Mr. Holman addressed the board, stat
ing that the committee had considered
carefully the matter of suppressing Sun
day hoodlum picnics, and while the rail
road company had agreed to work to sup
press the affairs, the best method was to
give the Sheriff power to employ as many
deputies as he considered necessary to
control the crowds that come here again
and arrest every one that was In any way
boisterous. The board coincided with his
views and granted the request of the
Sheriff to employ the necessary number
of extra officers.
Fred Bergerow, the Alviso Constable
who killed Joseph Cech and August Ber
ger at the brewers' picnic, was ta-day ar
raigned before Justice Oneal on two
charges of murder. The preliminary ex
aminations were set for August 1 in the
Cech case and August 2 in the Berger
case. . . • . , ..
Combine May Have Secured Cannery.
YUBA CITY, July 23.— Arrangements
were completed here to-day by which the
Hunt Brothers' cannery of this place has
been placed under the control of the man
ager of the Marysville cannery, which is
in the cannery combine, and the general
Impression Is that the combine has ab
sorbed the cannery. The cannery was es
tablished in 1SS4 by residents, but was
consolidated with Hunt Brothers of Hay
wards last spring. It is at present work
ins over 600 hands and will continue to
run steadily durlne the season.
Fire Destroys Grain Fields.
RKDDING. July 23.— Sparks from S&uth-
era: Pacific engines caured three fires near
Anderson yesterday afternoon. One was
a 'serious fire, 600 acres of grain being de-
SAN JOSE TO CONTROL
SUNDAY PICKNICKERS
Rescue of a Drowning Man.
Special PIspatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL. July 23. -An unknown
man was rescued from drowning- late yes
terday afternoon by a boating party on
thp Greenbrae Creek. Harry Randall.
Robert Mitchell and Thomas Egbert,
while enjoying a row on the creek be
tween Larkspur and Greenbrae. heard
cries for help around a bend in the creek.
They hurried to the scene and found a
man struprgling in the water. They
dragged him ashore and after much effort
revived him. He refused to give his
name, and Incidentally forgot to thank
the men who had saved him.
Santa Clara's Auditor Resigns.
Special Dispatch to The Cal!
SAN JOSE. July 23.— The resignation of
C. A. Barker as County Auditor, to take
effect on Augrust 6. was accepted by the
Board of Supervisors to-day. The an
nouncement was somewhat of a surprise
as Mr. Barker has held the office for
hardly three months. Al G. Col. who has
lately been a deputy in the office, will
probably be his successor.
Three Oil Well Rigs Burned.
FULLERTON. July 23.— The rtes on
three wells of the Columbia Oil Company
were totally destroyed by fire to-day and
an employe of the company named Jeff
was badly burned, his life beir.p despaired
of. The fire started at well No. 5 the flow
of gas becoming: ignited from the engine
The Joss Is estimated at S4000.
DOLE CAUSES
POLITICAL STRIFE
IN HONOLULU
»
Appoints Only Members ol
His Political Faction on
Registry Board.
»
Leung Chi Tso, the Chinese Re
former, Addresses Many Meet
ing's and Succeeds in Rais
ing a Large Fund.
»
BY HORACE WRIGHT
npeciai correrj>ja<if ne* or The ran.
HOXOUM.!'. July l<J.-NV,t unexpected- I
IF Oowrnor Dolt lias caused tht political !
sensation or the hour, and if one could
believe tho majority faction of local Re
publicans has irretrk-vably injured their j
propp*-cts fnr the legislative campaign. It ]
all springs* forth from his appointments !
<n the restoration boards throughout ihe '
islands. So accustomed to rule and reign ]
< under thf thumbs of TfcUTBtUU and Coop
er; has been the Kxccutive lor the la:;t j
seven yea is that his board is composed j
entirely not only of nominal Republicans, j
but of the supporters of hiH peculiar fac- !
U<>n and personal friends, and for a little
burgh like this, in comparison, I believe
1 never saw ?uch an exciterm nt— ev<n in
Han Francisco's warmest days cf politics. \
The Thurpton element was downed iit ¦
the primaries and in convention, and yet |
Lorrin's cousin and chlel lieutenant is
raaii* chairman of th<- R. ¦gisiratiun Board.
The mala ki<-k comes from the- Repub
lican «M«~ purity in poiitk-s--who hop«*d
that Governor Dole uoul<l decide in fa
vor of fair play ami give to the Democrat;
Independents at least one seat among
three, but lh»» Governor (snored the Cen
tral Territorial committee* of these par
ties. a« did his experienced registrar of j
voters, and appointed whomsoever he '
plea>«>d. There is not a bad man on th<* {
list, but the Governor h.-is kinrlly furnish
ed to the Democrats a weapon to knife
Republicans- at the polls. Just wh<>n Re
publicans required the utmost assistance.
Dole's Explanation.
The Governor's explanation is this: He
claims that our registration laws ci o not
require parlies to De represented on
boards: that us we liavo not yet held
an election here we tion"t know "u» which
party voters belong; that it never entered
his mind to have only one party repre
sented; that the position of chairman was
first offered to -«iajor Camara, a lipcio
crat. who had before held the office and
he declined it. and thnt neither jhe Re- j
publican nor Democratic Central commit- 1
t»»es had approached him with recommen- I
dations. i
Th-< mattr-r may be brought up to-night
at the meeUns of the Central Republican
Territorial Committee, which me;ets for
permanent organization.
Another matter that Is R-ivir.j; great dis
piearure is the taxing: by tho Supreme
Court of each man naturalized as an
American citizen the sura of $7 50 under
one of our former Hawaiian laws which
It Is ojalraed was not repeal<»d by our
organic law. I am informed that wh»n
Judge Morris M.EPtee arrives he will be
request rd to oxpresg his opinion on this
point, if it can be properly brought before
The Federal officials already here arp do-
Ing their best to straighten out matter?,
L n tv lhplr Bevera ' departments, but they
lute no easy ta;-k of it, especially in the
Pop: ode. whore rural poptmaster8 aredlf
fi'-ult to obtain at I'ncle Barn's salary. The
e>-Ftom will probably be pupplant^d by ru
ral delivery as soon as the necessary ar
rangemer.ts can be made*.
Substitutes for Asiatics.
An attempt. It is said, is to be made
W supplant Asiatic and Japanese labor
on the plantations by importing 10.000
young men who. it is claimed, are work
ing in certain of the mainland States at
J]2 50 a month. The Independent suggests
that as men already exceed women to a
most alarming preponderancy some 15,000
women should be imported in the interest
of morality and the creation of American
citizens. Any one intimate with the con
ditions of Hawaii will appreciate the
moral, especially in the face of the atti
tude of the Japanese Government in con
nection with future free immigration to
these islands.
In the meantime the now "free" labor
ers, exempt from their contracts, are
pouring into Honolulu, where they are not
wanted and where in all probability the
vagrancy act will have to be before long
enforced against them, for the benefit of
the lawyers, as the laws are imperfect.
Perhaps one of the most Interesting
pvents in Honolulu for many years has
been the public appearance as a lecturer
in our largest (Progress) hail of Leung
Chi Tso. the reformer and personal friend
of .thp Emperor, Kwang Su (the Ameri
can Maru brings news of his death, but
ihe Chinese do not believe the report).
The hall was filled to it." utmost capacity
with young Chinamen, mostly born and
educated jn Hawaii, and. as a rule, tri
linguistF—English, Hawaiian and Chinese,
and hoys who have honors, mental and
athletic, at Oahu. Iolani and elsewhere.
Thorp wpre also probably nrarly a hun
dred whites of th«» missionary families,
including many ladie?.
; . ;, Chinese Reformer at Work.
The reformer, whose aim Is the restora
tion of th«» Emppror, has the Infinite
pleasure of knowing that the Empress*
Dowager and Prince Tuan, the father of
the child destined to succeed the Em
poror. will pay $125,000 for his head dead
or bis 1 body alive — the latter preferred for
tho p?k«> of torture. And yet he has trav
erped our islands and collected at least
$50,000 for the sake'of his cause.
On "the evening in question he stood on
the platform as cool and collected^ as a
professional lecturer. Garbed in the con
ventional evening dress and sans queue,
he impropsod his audience as being a man
of quick magnetic power, of indomitable
will and trained intelligence, and a fatal
ist without fear.
As for the lecture itself, it was delivered
in Chine*** and translated by an Oahu
i'oUese- graduate. Mr. Kentwell. the son
of a man whom all Americans honor. Its
maip points wore that the present deca
dence of China was due to the pernicious
influence of the Km press Dowager and
Prince Tuan. who controlled the Boxers
and were opposed to the ideas of Western
civilization and progress. The Emperor
w»s a student and a friend to foreigners,
and would welcome them with an open
hand. The inexhaustible wealth of China
might be developed by friendly hands
but if the great powers strove to divide
China ihry would meet with 490.000,000 of
un'.U-d Chinese, who would forget all save
the defense of their country.
Bow Wongs Arrested.
Thore came an unpleasant surprise— no,
rot a surprise, for the Low Wongs had'
been warned— but a realization of the fact
that they wer? rebels against the actual
if not the nominal Government of China,
by tho information being received here'
that the names of every member of tho
Bow Wong (Emperor's reform society)
were in the hand* of their enemies in
China and that their relatives were being
arrested right and left, to be punished for
tho sins of their reralcitrant children.
Thore were some very cruel arrests made
ard the blame has been thrown upon our
local Chinese Consul, who was ordered to
Hrst give warning, and if that warning
was not efficacious then to report the
names of the members of the society, and
over 10.000 names were reported. ,
The sequoi arrived on Saturday night
when an open-air mass-meeting of some
3000 Chinese was held and the following
resolutions adopted:
That ft in thr wmiw of the" Chinese residents
fii Honolulu, Territory of Hawaii. In ma«
ro^tint: apsemMed to consider th»> *tat<? of af
fairs In thf Chlnepi" Empire and the attitude of
th« irreat powers of Europe ajv! America, that
the ultimate (food of th»- i>mplw and the rela
tion* of <"hlna to the nations of the world re
.quire at thin juncture the establishment in
« hlra of t governing power, to the advance
ment of modern civilization and the peace of
the world.
That the froelnK of hi* Majesty, the Emperor,
from the domination of the *Kmprep« Dowager
and his restoration to the actual potential'con
trnl of the empire will guarantee these result*
That a committee be appointed by this meet
wfr,/? P re P a , re ,. Bnd forward to the American
Ministers, at the various courts of Europe
petitions embodying the sentiments expressed
in the foregoing resolution, together with ah
enrneft appeal to Fueh European power* di
rect^d «o the department of foreign affairs', ac
companied by a requert to such Ministers to
present the same through the appropriate
diplomatic channels. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIERRA CITY. July 23.— The San Fran
cisco Supervisors' Investigating Commit
tee on Water Systems left Tallac yester
day for the purpose of Inspecting the wa
tersheds en the Yuba River. The party
reached Truckee last evening and a start
was made early this morning for the 160
mile trip across the main ridge of the
Sierras. The.trip was uneventful. An ar
ticle published In a San Francisco paper
to the effect that the city officials are lia
ble to removal from office because they
were out of the State without permission
from the Mayor caused much amusement
and considerable chaffing. The members
contend there are two reasons why they
v.-lll not be removed from office.
First, that thty were not out of Cali
fornia; and.
Second, they were engaged in the trans
action of municipal business, and hence
are not amenable to the charter pro
vision on the subject.
The only point in Nevada touched at
was when the steamer Tahoe City, which
is a California bottom, landed passengers
at Glenbrook.
Reed has promised he will give employ
ment to his colleagues on his Butte ranch
If thev are removed.
The committee made a stop at Camp
bell Hot Springs for lunch and the beau
ties of the Sierra summit were greatly ad
mired. Four miles from the summit the
flow of the headwaters of the Yuba at
Baesetts was observed. Engineers have
Informed the Public Utilities Cofnmtttee
that there is a flow of 3000 miners' inches
at the present time, or 40,000.000 gallons
daily. This point If 7000 feet above the
Fea "level. The committee arrived at Si
erra City at 7 p. m. and was lodged for
the night. To-morrow morning it will
proceed to TVoodville by way of Downie
ville, Camptonville and Challenge. It is
expected that Marysville will be reached
Wednesday evening. James O'Brien, su
perintendent of the Marysville and Ne
vada Power Company, is guiding the com
mittee.
Members of the Committee Chaff
Over the Statement That They
Have Forfeited Right
to Office.
Forty Million Gallons Daily
Is the Flow of the
Stream.
SUPERVISORS
VIEW YUBA'S
HEADWATERS
General Lozada of Government
Troops Take Refuge on a Brit
ish Warship.
Fpecial Cable to Th? Call and New York Her
al'l. Copyright. 1901, by the Hnrald Pub-
lishins Company.
PANAMA. July 23.— The revolutionary
forces, about 1500 strong, arrived on Fri
day evening at Corozal, the first station
on Hie railroad line from Panama and
only a short distance from that city.
The Government forces advanced at
daybreak on Saturday. Sharp firing
took place for several hours. The Gov
ernment forces then retired to a new po
sition. All the wounded were- picked up
In the meantime and brought to Panama
The ambulance corps of the British war
ship Leander came ashore and went to
Corozal and rendered valuable assist
ance. The corps returned to the ship the
same evening. So far both forces are be
having in a commendable manner. There
has been no interference with .railroad
traffic. f
All business in Panama has been sus
pended since Friday evening. Hostilities
were renewed at 3 o'clock yesterday (Sun
day) afternoon. There was sharp artillery
firing by both sides. General Belizario
Lozada. who has been commanding the
Government troops, and his chief of staff.
Colonel Miguel Guerrero, have taken ref
uge on the warship Leander. General Car
los acting Governor of Panama,
is now personally directing for the Gov
ernment all military operations in the
field. General Emilio Herrera is leading
the revolutionary troops.
SEWALL WILL NOT
LIVE IN HAWAII
Announced That He Intends Making
His Home on the Continent
in the Future.
HONOLULU. July 16.— Harold M. Sew
all, late United Slates Minister to Ha
waii, later special agent of the United
States in Hawaii and now Republican Na
tional Committeeman for Hawaii, has left
Hawaii permanently.
When Mr. Sewall left unannounced for
the coast on the China. June 5, it was
given out that private business had called
him there. Then came back the news that
he had been chosen National Committee
man for the Territory at the National Re
publican Convention at Philadelphia, and
this seemed to bear out the impression
that he Intended to make his home in Ha
waii.
It Is all but definitely announced that
Hawaii will no longer be his home, except
possibly as his official residence. Mrs.
Sewall, who left on the Rio on June 29,
after a visit with her mother In San Fran
cisco, will join Mr. Sewall In Bath. Me.
They will remain there some months—
probably until after the close of the Pres
idential campaign. Just where they will
make their home after that is not decided
It is said, however, that Mr. Sewall will
seek another diplomatic appointment
from the President. If this if? so his po
sition as member of the Republican Na
tional Committee will not be a bad basis
for the application in case President Mc-
Kinley is re-elected. In that event he
could be nominated by the President from
Hawaii, as well as from Maine, depend
ing on which he considered his residence
at the time.
WINDWARD DISABLED.
Start for the North Belayed a Few
Days. ; V -
ST. JOHNS. N. F., July 23.— The Peary
leltef steamer Windward entered the har
bor at Port Bausques at the southwest
extremity of the island Saturday with
part of her " machinery disabled. Pieces
to replace the broken sections reached
here by train at noon to-day. The repairs
to the machinery of the Windward will
be effected in time to enable her to sail
Thursday morning, although, owing to her
poor sailing <iualitles. the setback is «e
rioue.
HAVILL PLEADS GUILTY.
Had Dynamite in His Possession
During St. Louis Strike.
ST. LOUIS, July 23.-Ora Havill, former
Transit Company detective, who was ar
rested with dynamite in his possession at
the time recently when the Transit cars
were being blown up nightly, was released
CorrSn^y. 11 the C ° Urt ° f Crlmln . al
Havill pleaded guilty to the charges of
being in unlawful possession of dynamite
pnd or carrying concealed weapons. The
court costs, including the fines assessed
against HavilJ. amounted to $251.
YELLOW FEVER IN CUBA.
Disease Breaks Out in the Camp at
Pinar del.Rio. .
HAVANA. July 23.— Yellow fever has
broken out in the barracks of the Sev
enth United States Cavalry and the First
United States Infantry in Pinar del Rio.
mere have been nine deaths during the
last month and eleven cases are now un
der treatment in the hospital*. To-day
General Lee ordered the camp moved
three miles into the country and the quar
antine will be strictly enforced.
Chapman Was the Donor.
\V ARSAW. Ind., July 23.-The name of
the donor of the home of the, minister be
ing: erected at the . Winona Assembly
grounds was made known to-day. He is
Rev. J. Wilbur Chapman of New York.
REVOLUTIONARY FORCES IN.
COLOMBIA VICTORIOUS
stroyed and one 30-acre orchard ruined.
The whole countryside turned out to com
bat the flames. Only by a diligent and
hard effort were many buildings saved.
The burned property Is owned princi
pally by Attorney N. B. Frisbie of San
Francisco.
ACCUSES THE GROOM
OF BEING INSANE
Sequel to the Elopement of a Santa
Barbara Lass With a Nord
hofE Widower.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, July 23.— Miss Gertrude A.
Burdlck, Santa Barbara, a 19 year old
telephone operator, eloped last Tuesday
and married William F. Holt, a Nordhoft
•widower having three young children.
On Sunday Holt was arrested on a
charge of .insanity brought by his
brother, and locked up in the county in
sane ward in this city until to-day, when,
after an examination, he was released.
The presiding Judge, however, advised
the bride to return to her parents.
When Miss Gertrude eloped, her father
started in pursuit. He reached Nordhoff
close behind her, but stopped to eat sup
per. While he was at the table the wed
ding ceremony was performed.
The testimony at the examination,
which was conducted behind closed doors,
is unfit for publication. It was learned
from the evidence that there was a dis
agreement between Holt and his brother.
William thrashed his brother, and the
latter caused the groom's arrest. The
bride's parents are endeavoring to have
her return home.
TO PROTECT GAME.
Santa Cruz County Citizens Organize
an Association.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 23.— A game pro
tective association has been organized in
this county. At a meeting held last even
ing H. Smith of Watsqnville was elected
second vice president and Alex McPhcr
son of this city secretary. The protective
committee is O. Osborn of Boulder Creek.
E. Fritz of Watsonville. J. Jansen of
Santa Cruz. D. Jones of Ben Lomond and
E. Dickerman of Coast.
Sixty thousand trout from Lake Tahoe
are soon to he placed in the streams of
this county. 10.000 to each of tbe following;
San Lorenzo River. Soquel Creek. Corrali
tns Creek. Laurel Creek and Fall Creek,
and 5000 each to Newell and Clear creeks.
Mrs. A. E. Crowe and Her Youn*
Son Instantly Kiled on Long
Island Sound.
; NEW YORK, July 23.— By. the explosion
of a naphtha launch on Long Island
Sound to-night Mrs. A. E. Crowe and her
16-year-old son Chllton were instantly
killed andA. E. Crowe perhaps fatally in
jured. Mrs. Crowe and her son were
frightfully mangled. Mr. Crowe was hurl
ed Into the water. His thigh was frac
tured and he was Internally Injured. -
Mr. Crowe is a wealthy resident of New
Rochelle and a member of the New Ro
chelle Yacht Club.- .
MONSOON FAVORABLE.
Encouraging News Received From
the Viceroy of India.
; LONDON. July 23.— The Viceroy of In
dia telegraphs' to Lord George Hamilton,
Secretary of State for India, that the
monsoon continues favorable this week,
except in Gujerat. Kathlawar. Baroda
and Rajputana West; where cultivation Is
at. a. standstill and rain Is generally need
ed for fodder. The number of famine re
lief now reaches 6,281,000. | , - : -
Book^ of the Firm Show That Heavy
. Purchases of Bonds Were
Made.
NEW YORK, July 23.— The hearing in
tho case of Gaynors and Benjamin Greene,
looking toward their removal to Georgia
for trial for alleged conspiracy with For
mer Captain Carter in connection with
the Savannah Harbor frauds, -was con
tinued before United States Commission
er Shields this morning.
George Gibson of the firm of Watson
& Gibson, 'the first witness, stated his
firm had transactions with Captain Car
ter in purchasing securities for him. Mr.
Gibson identified a check drawn by Cap
tain Carter to the order of Watson &
Gibson for the sum of $5493 75 for the pay
ment of certain securities purchased for
him. A copy of the transaction of Carter
with the- firm as shown by the books of
the latter was allowed in evidence. It
showed that in 1S32 and 1803 Carter had
purchased over $19,000 worth of bonds.
Orrln S. Judd, accountant of the Knick
erbocker Trust Company, identified seven
checks drawn by Captain Greene. It came
out from the" testimony of ' the witness
that in July. 1887, Captain Greene had
purchased $150,000 of United Statea 5 per
cent bonds, paying for all In one check.
LAUNCH EXPLODES
WITH FATAL RESULTS
Testimony of A. M. Martin, Who
Traveled in Company With the
Accused Man.
ST. I/DUIS, July 23.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Xew London pays:
The third week of the trial of Alexander
Jester began to-day with A. M. Martin of
Indiana on the stand. He swore that he
met Jester on the streets of Webster, Ind..
and made arrangements to accompany
him overland to the Jester farm near
Wichita. Kansas. Witness described their
journey through the States and the prop
erty Jester had, much of which cor
responds with the property of Gilbert
Gates. Witness also swore that between
Fort Scott and Unionton, Kansas, Jester
burned up a trunk. This is supposed to
have been the trunk belonging to the
missing Gates.
R. V. Martin, also of Indiana, testified
that he accompanied Jester and the Street
party from Indiana to Kansas. He saw
Jester burn a trunk on the route while in
Kansas.
Joseph H. Thompson of Richmond, Ind.,
testified that Jester stopped at his home
in 1S71 about a week. He had two teams,
and when asked w,here he got the bay
team said he "dickered for It with a
young fellow who was traveling with
him." The boy was traveling with him,
but/ got tired and left him in Missouri to
go home. The witness said that after
Jester left he fo^irjd some grain sacks in
the barn with thtJ name of A. A. Gates
on them. Witness said he noticed that
Jester was very restless while at hi3
home.
Mrs. Street. Jester's sister, testified
concerning his brutality to his wife, chil
dren, brothers and sisters.
HEARING OF THE
NEELY CASE CONTINUED
Testimony That Prisoner Sad Sole
Charge of the Receipt and Dis
bursement of Funds.
NEW YORK. July 23.— The further
hearing of Charles F. W. Neely, of the
Cuban postal service, on proceedings to
extradite him under the law passed at the
close of Congress, was continued to-day
in the United States Circuit Court. Judge
Lacombe in a decision handed down last
week decided that Neely could be extra
dited, but further testimony must first be
had. V
George F. Marshall of the Bureau of
Post? In Cuba testified that money was
kept in a safe; that Neely signed the re
ceipts which witness made out and that
Nerly also received the money and in
most cases opened the envelopes himself.
Xeely had entire charge of the receipt
and disbursement of money. Mr. Mar
shall went into detail concerning the
keeping of the ledger and said the last
time he had seen it was in April before
Neely left for the United States. Mr.
Marshall then started to go through the
book and tell one by one in whose hand
writing each entry was.
»
CARTER'S DEALINGS WITH
GAYNORS AND GREENE
JESTER BURNED A
TRUNK WHILE IN KANSAS
FT.TMSU. July 22.— The Kumassi re'.i-f
column,' has just arrived here from Ku
mas$l, which it left July 17, bringing the
old garrison— about twenty fairly fit men,
seventy broken-down invalids and some
women and children in a pitiable condi
tion.
The success of Colonel Willcocks Is due
to the choice of a route not suspected by
the Ashantis, who had concentrated in
thousands along the eastern route, but in
much smaller numbers along the western
route, via Picci, which Colonel Willcocks
adopted.
Even as it was the Ashantis were active
and the roads knee deep in mud. Colonel
Willcocks took a couple of villages by
bayonet charge. Beyond Ekwanda he
found the tribesmen in n strong position
behind stockades. It was a large war
camp, with the chief commander of the
Ashanti army, estimated at 4000 men.
After a heavy lire on both sides for
nearly an hour Colonel Willcocks ordered
a bayonet charge and the troops rushed
the thick bush, cheering vigorously. The
Ashantis did not wait for the bayonets,
but fled in confusion.
The casualties of Colonel Willcocks
were two officers wounded, two natives
killed and seventeen wounded. "
On finding Kumassi in such terrible con
dition Colonel Willcocks. after cutting
brush and burning the bodies, placed the
whole ' force upon half-rations, an ar
rangement cheerfully borne. No opposi
tion was met on the return.
WOMEN AND CHILDREN DYING
*"
Success of Colonel Willcocks Is Due
to the Choice of a Route Not
Suspected by the
Ashantis.
GARRISON OF
KUMASSI NOW
HUMAN WRECKS
valids Brought in by the
Relief Column.
»
Seventy Broken-Down In
HUNTSVIL,L,E, Ala.. July 23.— Elijah
Clark, a negro, who yesterday assaulted
Susan Oelrich, a thirteen-year-old girl,
was taken from jail in this city to-night
and lynched near the . spot where hfs
crime was committed. His body was rid
dled with bullets.
Sheriff Fulgham defended his prisoner
to the last, but a dense smoke from a
combination of tar, feathers and oil, fired
by a crazed mob, was too much for him
and he was dragged from . the jail and
placed under a physician's care. Will
Vlnlng, who attempted to rush through
the crowd and up the jail steps, was shot
by the Sheriff and dangerously wounded.
After battering down the doors and
gaining an entrance to the jail the mob
drove the Sheriff and his prisoner into the
third story of the building. There the
Sheriff held his ground until he became
unconscious from the suffocating smoke
arising from the tar and feathers, which
the mob burned on the stone floor In the
main corridor.
In response to an appeal from Sheriff
Fulgham, made earlier in the day. Gov
ernor Johnston ordered militia companies
here from Birmingham. Montgomery and
Decatur, but they failed to arrive in time
to prevent the lynching. ,
Colored Criminal Hanged to a Tree
While His Defender Lay In
sensible in Smoking
MILITIA FAILED TO ARRIVE
Alabama Mob Makes De
termined Fight to Lynch
a Negro Fiend.
SUFFOCATED
A SHERIFF TO
GET PRISONER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. July S3.— Chairman
Babcock of the Republican Conjrressi'inal
Campaign Committee is entire!:.- satisfied
with the outlook for, the Republican na-
Tior.aJ ticket. He looks forward to ,a
harder struggle for control of the Ilousa
of Representatives, however.
"The South." said Mr. Babcock, "will
send 12^ Democratic representatives to
Congress from the Ptat'-s that will also
give tht'r electoral roles to tiic Demo
cratic cardidates. That is a big nucleus.
a certain nucleus, which nothing can pre
vent and around wljioh the Democrats
have in the past gathered their majori
"For our part, the States which will give
thfir electoral votes to tb« Republicans
•rill at the tame time bare CO per cent of
th<*ir ConprrcsFJor.al delegations Demo
cratic! Just look, at the Democratic rep
resentation fa this empress from Now
York. Pennsylvania., New Jersey and
other Ktronphoids of Republicanism
on rational Issue*. The election cf
Republican electors from the State
ot New York is not poing to pull
through the Republican* representatives
fn-'iti Xfw York City districts. West of
the Missouri River we will have to ftsht
to hoid what ire already have. In the
Northwest there are ?om« districts which
are too cIoff- la meir pluralities to be com
fortable. That will push us into New
York. Pennsylvania a.nd Massachusetts to
make pains to offset alm«?t certain losses
in some Middle West districts.
"The lipfct will come to a point where
every vote will count. Take the Third
PennFvlvaiiia. District, for instance. For
years they have returned the Gold Demo
crat, licJtJeer, the Kt-publtcans voting for
him. Bui that is a Republican district,
and I hope they will put up a Republican
there and make a hot ca:ivass, in which
event I think they can elect a Republican.
We will need his vote and every other
that we can pet to keep up our majority
In the House.
'"If the negro vote in North Carolina is
disfranchised we will never pet another
Republican representative from that
<?uite, wb»r* we have often had two and
inree.
•'Thi5 may teem a rather discouraging
outlook to Republicans, but these are i
factf which all Republicans must face, j
and the sooner they do ?o and pet down j
to work the better off will they be. We j
have a hig fight before us that will re- j
quire personal efforts on the part of every j
man.
"I am grlad to find in the East an awak- I
enir.g to the fact that the business inter- j
osts cf the country cannot afford to have
the House imperiled, and within the last
few days the ouilooli has brightened. By
hard work we will have the next Con
gress."
McKINXEYS PROGRAMME
Will Review Grand Army Veterans
in Chicago.
CHICAGO. July 23.— President McKIn
!*>>•.. who was scheduled to reach Chicago
on Mnndav. A«eu«t 27. to attend the en-
campment of the Grand Army of the Re
public, to-day notified Executive Director
W. M. Harper that inasmuch as H will
necessitate Sunday travel to roach here
on that day ho will change his plans.
H« will arrive in Chicago Saturday. Au
pu«t L'.'». and attend the patriotic rtlli?ious
services scheduled for Sunday at the
Coliseum: Me will review the parade of
nnvjti veterans and ex-prisoners of war
on Monday, th* Grand Army parade on
Tuesday and will probably leave Chicago
on the following ilay.
BRYAN RECEIVES MANY
DEMOCRATIC POLITICIANS
LINCOLN'. Nebr., July 23. -The rain
storm kept William J. Bryan indoors to
dsy. but time did not hang heavily on his
hands. He had a number of visitors dur
ing the day, three of political promi
nence, lx>5ng General James B. Weaver
of Iowa, lx>uis C. Khrich of Colorado
FpringF, Colo., and John E. Pitts of Cin
cinnati. Mr. Pitts is secretary of the Na- >
tional Democratic Campaign Club of th«i
Commercial Travelers and he claims many
accessions to the ranks of the organizn
tion. He told Mr. Bryan that, the trust*
question »a? the all-important one. and
on tliis issue he would make great gains.
He said the Democratic- traveling' men
proposed to establish headquarters in
every city of Importance in the country.
Mr. Khrich. who is the Colorado mom
b< r of an anti-imperialistic league, called
to tell of the progress being made in the I
West. He told Mr. Bryan that while he j
vuted with the gold Democrats four years I
apo, l-.e was for nim now. j
<len^ral Weaver was on his way home
from Idaho, where lie had attended the
• usion State Convention. He and Mr.
Bryan were toprtli^r some time.
A story circulated here to-day, though
not credited to Mr. Bryan or his visitors, j
is to the effect that Charles A. Towne
will remain on the ticket as Populist can
didate for Vice President for the good
his candidacy will do in the strongly
r'opulistie States of Nebraska, Kansas
and Souih Dakota. Mr. Towne's letter
at acceptance or withdrawal will be held
back, it is asported. until the National
committees of the Democrats and Popu
lists have discussed the matter. A con
ference, the report paid, would be held
in Chicago early in August.
McKINLEY'S BUSY DAY.
Discusses Private Affairs but Di
vulges No Chinese News.
CANTON. 6., July 23.— President McKin
ley had many business callers to-day from
persons who came on personal matters,
such as pensions or little matters before
one or another of the departments, hop
ing by the President's aid to secure
prompt or more satisfactory results. For
the most part these were greeted on the
porch, where the President met them with
a hearty handshake and listened atten
tivc-ly to their statements.
Much time was spent in the library,
where the official business is conducted,
but not an inkhng of news in regard to
China or any other subject was given out.
It is probable that Secretary of State
Hay will be in Canton within the next
day or two. He Is In Cleveland and is
likely to return to Washington via Can-
Chairman Babcock Looks Forward to
a Hard Struggle and Says Much
Earnest Work Must Be Done.
FIGHT FOR CONTROL OF
HOUSE WILL BE CLOSE
SKAGUAT, Alaska, July 16, via Vic
toria, July 23.— The work of delimiting
the provisional boundary in the disputed
Alaskan Yukon territory in that part
crossing the Dalton Trail and touching
the Porcupine district having been com
pleted, the United States citizens in the
district find they have lost a large part of
what they believed was rightfully United
States territory. The survey has been
run and the monuments set within the
last few weeks by O. H. TIttman of
Washington and W. F. King of Ottawa
and assistants, who have simply followed
instructions as set forth in the modus Vi
vendi agreed to provisionally some months
ago by Secretary Hay on the part of the
United States and the British representa
tive after the adjournment of the Joint
High Commission. The survey and de
marcation of the line leaves nearly one
half of the Porcupine sold mines in Brh-
Ish territory, and it has been the general
opinion for a long time that the mines, in.
fact, the entire Porcupine district, was on
the Alaskan side. Much of the Dalton
toll road, leading to Porcupine City, now
lies within Canadian territory also; that
is, it is. on the Canadian side' of the iron
monuments set on the provisional line.
The United States miners in the Porcu
pine district, having watched the devel
opment of the work of delimiting and
marking the boundary, were immediately
aroused over the result of so much of the
mining district being left on the British
side, and were not long in addressing a
protest to President McKinley. The
names of 146 miners are attached to the
protest, a copy of which reached here
yesterday. It will be considered by the
Skaguay Chamber of Commerce thin
week. The protest is emphatic. It says,
in part:
The modus vivendi has permitted
the British to seize acres of the pub
lic domain, consisting of river bed3
and benches containing rich deposits
of gold. All of Klaheena River and
Copies of the protest have been sent to j
the Chambers of Commerce or San Fran- I
Cisco, Seattle, Skajruay and Portland, with I
a request for co-operation. A committee |
of the Skaguay Chamber of Commerce
has just waited upon Commissioner Titt- ,
man. and he has received them courte
ously, pivinp information corresponding
generally with the statements set forth by
the. Porcupine miners. No blame is at
tached to Mr. Titt man.' for he acted mere
ly according to Instructions in the work
of making the physical markings of the ;
boundary. The commission will be in th?
vicinity of Skaguay for a month, delim
iting the provisional line in White Parf3
and Chilkoot Pass.
gpeclal Dispatch to Th« Call.
Glacier and Boulder creeks, upon
which Americans spent thousands of
dollars in prospscting, is taken away
from their rightful proprietors. The
iron posts demarking the boundary
are crowded up to the foothilJ, cross
ing and recrossing the Dnlton toll
road, thus cutting off our entrance to
and exit from our mining camps. All
this makes our future look uninvit
ing. We protest to you, Mr. Presi
dent, against the unjust seizure of
the Klaheena above Klukwan, which
is only ten miles from tidewater,
whereas' we are entitled to the coun
try twenty miles beyond Klukwan,
including the Klaheena River and
Boulder and Porcupine creeks, upon
which Americans have made valuable
discoveries at great expense cf time
and money. Did you not say you
were not in favor of ceding one inch
of the public domain? Here are thou
sands of acres of rich mining ground
that the British are inclosing within
their iron posts. Will you not, Mr.
President, act with the people and see
that these posts are moved back?"
Declare That the New Boundary Line
Will Give Britain Much Rich
Placer Ground.
PORCUPINE MINERS
APPEAL TO M'KINLEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 1900.
4
OOOOOOOO 0 O O O O 0 OOOOOOOCO
U.I O
' _-' - r-.' <]}
STOCK/ 1
o
— o
Fully Paid and Non-Assessab!8.§
Holder Secured Against Loss. I
QOO ACRES |
IN COALINGA DISTRICT^
ALL OF" SECTION 33. 52
ONE-FOURTH OF SECTION 14. O
TOWNSHIP n SOUTH. 6
RANGE 15 EAST. M. DM
PRODUCING WELLS ON" ALL SIDES. §
CALL, OR SEND FOR PROSPECTUS. O
OPHIR OlFcOMPANY, I
Room 14. Fifth Floor, Mills 8oildinj,o
BAN KRAXC1SCO. _ ©
Los Angeles Office— 402 Douglas Block. 8
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
foUSEUB OF fiHATSMY?
A Qj "^ :l VASZST S" **~ £-i^-- aJMtt i
T Cji The Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe \
V ' ,1^' i~ Wotid W c*k n<" -rs cr *¦ : y contracted A
T vKSsSy t!.s*i«e f--»ltl»»!y rurr 1 w m^tsl *
™ rt-- : oi Spca~utratiH:Cci*U. Eii 30 y-u.-s 'J*
t jJlWA CS. wO:12aJ»-»BIVAT5 OiSsASSS 6
X {?6\'3&jj ton-miration fre<? and strirtly pnva:e. \
M t Ji?S5 r p| Trf isment personally m b» letter. A M
\ $5 if Sft I* i**./tra Ifcreinenery case undertaken. \
At I lljfft AVrits for Book. PRILOSOPnYcfJ
* * II :j~ HAnniAKK, mailso fuss. < A ™
A Q II, valuable book for arnt \
7 n«. JURDASAl'O.1051 Alar&et St. . 9. F. 9
ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
; *¦" """"*""*
t'cs^ivoiy cured Oy tbeso
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from CyspepefSs
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A paw
feet rero*dy for Dizziness. Nausea, Drcwsi.
ness, Bad Taste In toe Mouth- Coa^rt Tcn^ut
Pain in ihe Side, TORPID UVER. Thcj
Rttpilate ihe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
S?r«aU Pl'U Small Ooso,
. Sreafl Pirfge*'
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of v en,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
I CLEVELAND I
§ BICYCLES!
S Are Still Selling for g
| $40 $50 |
«9 The Cleveland is a good bicycle. O
| LEAVITT & BILL, %
© 309 Larkin S^eet, S.F. g
% Second-hand Wheals, $5, $10, $15. q
lOPTURE CUBED.
When we «av "rupture cured" vre mean ir,
; for It Is a fact that during the past 20 years
DR. PIERCES MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing e;s*
like It. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate for yourself. E^TCall for "Book-
let No. 1," or send 2 centa In stamps. Ad-
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
CUO Market St.. San Franrisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New Yorlc City.
MANHOOD RESTORED
Vitalizer. th« prescription of a,
——^iu.j m_j famous French physician, will
«3KSgB£Br?/ quickly cure you of all ner-
VT^&JCjTij**. voua cr ii:«t?a5P5 of the genera-
i *«<*!p^2^?' tive organs, such a.» Ivist Man-
fe?"S£a -— » Jb* h r *od. Insomnia. E'.iinn in th«
f»j| Back. Nervous Debility. Plm-
jjjSs^ Jti3j$ P !es - Exhausting Orains. Vari-
"Kt*\. cocele and Ccnstloation. It
\s-/»»* stops all losses by day or
nieht. Cupidene cleanses tha
liver. th« kidneys and the urinary organs of ail
impurities. Cupidene strengthens and restore*
imall weak crsans.
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
If because v0 per cent are troubled with Pro»-
tatitis. Cupidene the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. 6000 testimonials.
A written guarantee Riven and money re-
turned if 6 boxes do ret effect a permanent
rure. $1.00 a box. 6 boxes for $5. ft 0. by rnai:.
Send for free circular and testimonials.
Address Pavoi Medicine Co.. 40 Ellis st. San
Krancisco, Cal.. Grant Drug Co.. 33 & 40 Third st-
Weekly Call, SI per Tear
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
A GREAT RESTORATIVE, 1NVIGORA-
¦tor and Nervine. \
The most wonderful aphrcdlslac and Special
T °" 1C / r or the Orsans for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its itivn merit*.
NAtSER. ALF9 & BRUNE. Asr-nts.
S2S Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
Dfi. HALL'S REINVIGORATOSpf^ES!
Five huarlred reward for any k^^^V^T*
c«..=e we cannot cure. This secret SiS *—»:
remedy steps all losses in 24 hours. ! \ «2
cures Emisjion*, Impotenry, Vari- ireES BJ^J
cocele. Gonorrhoea. (Jlpet. Fits. 'f ! t* VW
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all ili.' tli'L
wastins eftccts of solf-n»>us«> or SyjjTj f7\<
bottles. *.'•: gTmranfpil to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL IN'sTITL'TE. S,,3
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also fnr sale at 1073' i
Market Ft.. ». F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated ur.der one manage-
ment en the American ar.d European
plans. V T -T*. f*
Travelers from every portion of the
globe show their asDreciatlon ot tbe
ccniforts and luxuries to be obtained
in these hcit.-is by making tVni their
headquarters when visiting rian
Francisco. *
BpSlS
iiiiiiREDDING. July. 23.— Charles Jones of
San Francisco, a contractor, was fatally
Injured to-day at AnderBOn. lie was
working on a building when the staging
broke and he fell forty feet.
Lumber Cars Smashed Up.
SISSON. July 23.-Early this morning
as a crew of the McCloud River Company
Railroad was switching cars loaded with
lumber, which they had on the long spur
which connects their road with the
Southern Pacific, the cars ran down the
grade to a point close to the main line,
where there Is a sharp curve. Here 'they
lett the track and plowed along in the
soft soil for three hundred feet. The cars
were wrecked and the lumber broken.
The cpur Is two miles long and has a
grade of 200 feet to the main line one-half
mile below this point.
San Francisco Contractor's Fatal Fall.
«... rrTTT,-rrrrTTrrn*w
geles Traction Company to-day applied
lor franchises to extend their lines of
*u T *3 / a £l. ay throu 8h an entirely new
If. There are three distinct fran
chises asked for. One is along Eleventh
S Tnii another on Fisueroa. Kleventh
and Olive streets, and another to extend
w om . cho -, J a rk along Bellevue avenue.
Bartlctt. Figueroa. California and Hill
streets and Broadway.
Capture of a Bank Robber.
PORTLAND, Oregon, July 23.-Joseph
Rapley, wanted in Williamsburg, Va., for
robbing the Peninsula Bank on May 24
last, was arrested here to-day. Three men
robbed the bank of $6500 and escaped after
a desperate fight with the officers.
Salmon Still Running.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 23.— The salmon
run still continues, and ¦ every morning
the visitors are out enjoying this sport.
To-day every boat returned with from
three to six salmon, many of them weigh
ing as high as twenty pounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 23.— James Dougherty,
sole surviving executor of William P.
Dougherty, deceased, has filed a petition
for the distribution of the estate. William
Dougherty died In 1894, leaving a •widow
and six children surviving him. His es
tate was appraised at $367,370 50.
Want a Distribution of the Estate.
ago ho was arrested on complaint of a
local merchant, who accused him of lar
ceny. >The boy was released on account
of his youth. His parents, in order to con
trol him. built a jail In their basement,
and the boy from time to time was kept
a prisoner in the hope that he would see
the error of his ways. A pair of hand
cuffs was added by his parents to the list
of punishments calcuated to reform him.
They have been unable to effect any
change in the boy's habits, and a serious
problem in youthful degeneracy Is passed
up to the local authorities.
m
Christian Church Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. July 23.-The Christian
Church Convention opens to-morrow at
Garfleld Park. The attendance this year
promises to be larger than ever before.
Every train brings in a number of dele
gates and many from the valley are com
ing overland. The park has been trans
formed the past week into a tented city
and over two hundred persons are camp
ing. Every room in every cottage is also
occupied. ,
On the grounds Is an Immense tent
which Is used for dining purposes. There
Is also a postofflce, transfer office and a
general merchandise store.
The convention opens this evening: at
the Tabernacle, when Rev. P. L. McHat
ton. pastor of the local Christian Church,
will welcome the delegates.
To-morrow the Ministerial Convention
will convene.
Manuel Morris of San Rafael, 12
Years Old, Is Arrested on a
Charge of Larceny.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 23.— Manuel Morris,
the boy burglar of this city, was arrested
here to-night by Constable Trainor on
complaint of Mrs. Barron, who to-day, be
fore Recorder Gardener, charged young
Morris with the crime of larceny. The
boy is about 12 years old and small for
his age. He was placed In jail here to
night. .
The local authorities have been put to
considerable trouble through the criminal
tendency of the Morris children, and are
at a loss to know what disposition to
make of young Morris. About a month
INCORRIGIBLE IS THIS
YOUTHFUL BURGLAR
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted, Postal Changes
and Recent Army Orders Issued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July 23.— Postoffice dis
continued — Home Valley, Skamanla Coun
ty. Washington; mail to Stevenson.
Pensions issued to-day: California
original — William R. Nelson. Los AngelPS.
$6; Charles C. Ressell. Los Angeles. $6:
Horace E. Smith. Oakland, $5; John
Brooker. Artesia. $6.
Oregon— Orignal— Henry R. Wilson
Portland. $S; Jacob Sanders. Vistillas. $8.
Wasfi*i>trton — Original — Joseph W. Mar
qott. Seattle, $12; Agnes Relchenbach,
Spokane. $6.
Army orders— Acting Assistant Surgeon
Harry R. Lemen. at Alton, 111., and Major
T. P. Varney, additional paymaster. U.
S. V., now In Cuba, are ordered to San
Francisco for assignment to duty.
CHICAGO, July ?3.— Headquarters for
the campaign will be established by the
Democratic Xational Committee at the
Auditorium hore. Senator James K. Jones
Democratic Headquarters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. July 23.— The funeral of
Abram Mann, the retired capitalist who
died In this city, was held from the fam-
Sacramento Licenses Poolrooms.
SACRAMENTO. July 23.— The City
Trustees to-night repealed the anti-pool
ordinance and passed one. providing for a
license of $500 a quarter on poolrooms.
Funeral of Abram Mann.
Sunday-School Normal Study jand
Jubilee Singers at Pacific
Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 23.-To-day
marked the opening of another depart
ment of Chautauqua work — that for Sun
day School normal study. This depart
ment la under the directorship of Rev. J.
H. Young of San Jose, and Is, thus far,
quite successful.
To-day'a exercises began at 9 a. m. with
a resumption of the regular classes and
schools that were abandoned for the Sat
urday and Sunday holiday and at 11
o'clock the daily forum hour talk was de
livered by Mrs. M. H. Wagner, her sub
ject being "Chinese Reminiscences." The
Metropolitan Jubilee Singers, a company
of students from some of the negro
schools of the South, grave two concerts,
afternoon and evening. The afternoon
programme consisted entirely of "camp
meeting" and other old-fashioned- relig
ious negro songs, and the evening pro
gramme was composed of plantation bal
lads and negro melodies of the South.
ily residence to-day. Rev. Mr. Ferguson
or the Congregational Church officiated.
The deceased was a native of New York,
and came to Santa Cruz from Kansas
City, where he was a prominent business
man. He was 73 years of age and leaves
a wife and family.
: — #
Portuguese Elect Delegates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 23.— The local lodge
of the Portuguese Union has elected M. C.
Bettencourt, M. S. Lima and Matthew
Maciel delegates to the Grand Lodge of
the Portuguese Union, which will soon
meet at San Jose.
The Grand Council of the Catholic
Ladles' Aid Society will convene at the
Hotel del Mar the week commencing
August 23. . _______
San Jose Ladies' Band on a Tour.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 23.— The California La
dles' band, the only musical organization
of its kind in the State, left to-day for a
concert tour of the south. Los Gatos,
Capitola. Santa Cruz, Salinas, Pacific
Grove, Watsonvllle and Hollister will be
visited.
Burglar "Weeps on Being Sentenced.
STOCKTON. July. 23.— W. C. Nlemann,
convicted of burglarizing a Main-street
cigar store, was sentenced by Judge Budrt
this morning to serve five years In San
Quentln. Nlemann wept bitterly upon re
ceiving the sentence. :.---:
Busy Days for Oil Scrippers.
LOS ANGELES, July 23,-The local
land office report that large numbers of
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAX DIEGO, July 23.— There Is much excitement among the miners In the
eastern part of this county and the residents of Yuma over the discovery of
what Is believed to be a bed of oil In the pot-holes district on the Colorado
River, about fifteen miles north of Yuma. A rush was made for the scene of
the discovery and a scramble for land within the belt became so exciting
that some of the first locators were compelled to use rifles in protection of
their rights. Persons who arrived late upon the scene attempted to encroach
upon the claims already taken up and bloodshed was narrowly averted.
Several thousand acres of land were filed upon and a number of people are
still staking out claims In the vicinity of the original discovery. Notices
locating ten claims of sixty acres each were filed In the County Recorder's
office to-day by persons who were among the first In the field. Just what the
find will amount to will depend entirely upon development, as surface Indica
tions are not sufficient to determine anything definite. The prospect consists
of an oily substance that has oozed out of the ground In large quantities In a
number of places. While the substance has the appearance of petroleum, it
has been evaporated by the summer heat to such an extent that Its classifica
tion will require a chemical anaylsls. The geological conditions, however,
according to the opinion of experts, are very favorable and the existence of
a large body of petroleum In that district is highly probable. The claims of .
a number of miners overlap and It Is feared that If oil Is really found ihat
trouble will ensue.
Scramble of Locators for New Fields Near
YMma Hay Yet Result In Shooting
Affrays.
GERONIMO GOES MAD.
One of the Most Bloodthirsty Indians
Known in History.
VINITA, I. T., July 23.— After a long
period of detention at Fort Sill, Geronlmo,
one of the most bloodthirsty Indians that
ever figured In history, has gone stark
mad. He Is a prisoner at Fort Sill, O. T.
Charged With Manslaughter.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 23.— S. Z.
Mitchell. Superintendent F. L. Dale, As
sistant Superintendent Charles H. Purely
and Motorman F. L.'Boehm. of the Ta
coma Railway and Power Company, ap
peared before the Superior Court to-day
and gave bonds in $5000 each for their ap
pearance In court to answer the charge
of manslaughter In connection with the
street car disaster of July 4. They were
given two weeks to plead.
HOLDING THE OIL
CLAIMS WITH GUNS
information filed to-day, charging him
with the willful murder of his son, George
Zumwalt.
Judge Frederick Adams of this city has
been retained to defend the aged triple
murderer. Counsel asked until Wednesday,
July 25, at the morning session of court,
to plead to the Information. The motion
was granted by the court.
Zumwalt has become a physical wreck
since his incarceration in the County Jail
in this city. He refuses to speak to any
one, giving no signs of recognition when
his sons visit him. The defense that will
be made for him will, without doubt, be
based upon a plea of insanity. The trial
will not take place until after the mid
summer vacation of the Superior Court,
which will be from the first Monday In
August until the first Monday in Septem
ber.
granddaughter, was this afternoon ar
raigned in the Superior Court upon a new
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERYILLE, July 23.-Isaiah Zum
walt, who, on the evening of June 7, mur
dered his divorced wife Julia A. Zumwalt,
his son George Zumwalt and his Infant
ZUMWALT IS AGAIN
ARRAIGNED FOR MURDER
TACOMA. Wash., July 23.— Griffith Wil
liams, a coal passer aboard the United
States transport Rosecrans, fell from the
dock early this morning and was
drowned. His family lived In San Fran
cisco.
Drowning of a San Franciscan.
SAN DIEGO. July 23.— A slight shock of
earthquake was felt in San Diego at 6:40
a. m. to-day.
The maximum temperature for Sunday
and to-day reached 83 In the shade, the
hottest in July for eight years. In some
parts of the county the temperature
reached 115 degrees yesterday and to-day.
Earthquake at San Diego.
Discuss the "Wrecked Dollar."
LONG BEACH, July 23.— At this morn-
Ing's session of the Chautauqua Mrs.
Mary B. Lewis gave an interesting lessen
on "The "Order of the Precedence of Mo
tions." She touched upon debatable and
undebatable motions. Mrs. Dutton, In the
hour devoted to domestic science, gave a
practical talk on meats. The "Wrecked
Dollar" was the subject of the afternoon
discussion.
scrip locations are being filed since the
recent decision of United States Circuit
Judge Ross favoring this class of loca
tions. The scrippers are filing over lands
in the various oil districts where placer
oil locations have been made.
Theatrical Censorship-
BERLIN, July 2.1— From August 3 Ber
lin will have a special department of
theater censorship.
arrived to-day and completed arrange
ments whereby the National headquar
ters will be established on the second florr
of the Auditorium, which were occupied
by the Paris Kxposltion Commissioners
There are fourteen rooms In the suite,
providing ample space fcr the campaign
committee.
From Martin's Camp, on Mount Wilson,
the report is received that the fire Is
spreading, that the flames are beyond
control and that the element is working
its way slowly north and south and
sweeping everything before it. So far
there has been no loss of life, but an im
mense amount of damage caused by the
burning of timber.
Sturtevant'a Camp, with its large num
ber of temporary sojourners and its val
uable property, has had two narrow es
capes from total destruction within tne
pant forty-eight hours, and that it has
not been wiped out is due to a miracle, as
the fire Is but one mile from that resort.
At 12:20 yesterday noon the fire started
from a spark that was blown from the
smokestack of a drilling outfit that is
operating at the mouth of the canyon.
The dry period has been augment
ed by the prevailing hot wave
that yesterday reached 93 degrees,
causing everything to be dry as tinder.
The drill crews worked hard to subdue
the flames. Their efforts were baffleC,
however, by the sudden breeze that soon
caused the entire forest to be like a fur
nace, the flames sweeping furiously up
the sides of the canyon walls.
Not in years has so great a tire as now
Is raging in the Big and Little* Santa
Anita canyons of the Sierra Madre range
troubled the forest i angers. So far about
fifty square miles of mountain territory
have been burned and many campers have
been in peril* W. H. Border, the Forest
Commissioner of Pasadena, Is directing
the energies of a force of fifteen fire fight
ers, but the number is inadequate to the
magnitude of the work.
They left the vehicle and went up the
canyon on foot. The flames were spread
ing rapidly and the sightseers had to run
for their lives down the rocky steep. They
succeeded in wetting their clothes at two
different places and at one point crossed
the burned district. The roaring of the
fire warned the driver of the tally-ho, and
he sent his horses at a gallop to a neigh
boring clearing. By good judgment the
party eventually reached the conveyance.
When the fire was first observed a tally
ho party from Los Angeles had driven to
the mouth of the canyon early in the day.
The party consisted of Mrs. E. Walter,
Mr. and Mrs. E. Xicoll, Mr. and Mrs. R.
G. Kresllng, Misses Lizzie Rapp, Emily
and Annette Fritz and Bertha Walter,
and Otto Harms, John and Will Schlalos
and Fred Walter, all of Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. July 23.— Pursued by
roaring flames, fleeing for their lives down
a rocky canyon and in imminent danger
of a terrible death, was the thrilling ex
perience of a party of Los Angeles sight
seers yesterday, who had driven out to
the foothills to observe the mountain fire.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fiercest Conflagration Known in
Years Is Devastating the Sierra
Madre and Imperiling
Many Campers.
FLAMES FURSUE THEM
DOWN THE MOUNTAINS
Thrilling Experience of Los
Angelenos in the Santa
Anita Canyon.
MAN RACE
FOR LIFE
FROM FIRE
LONDON'. July 23.— Miss Caroline E.
Kcycs, who pleaded guilty a week ago in
thc> Marykbono Police Court. London, to
the charge of stealing a. gold watch, a j
bract-let, a hair brush and articles of
clothing: of the aggregate value of £22
from roomers in the Norfolk Mansion Ho
:<.!. trfaere she had bt-on staying, and who
In the course of the hearing s=ai«l she was
.'in American and had come to London to
attend the Wortd'p Christian Endeavor
Convention as a. delegate from a church
in Minnesota., has been sentenced to three
months" imprisonment. The evidence
t-howod. however, that she had no connec
tion whatever with the Christian Endeav
orers. *»
Thtfre were further evidences rf thefts
committed at the Hotel Cecil all else
where, and the magistrate in sejW^ncing
the prisoner described her is a. vulgar
thief. • . ¦
To Extend Los Angeles Trolley Lines.
LOS AXGELES. July 23.-The Los An-
Denounced as a Vulgar
Thief.
MISS CAROLINE KEYES
MUST 60 JO PRISON
Claimed to Be an Endeavorer, but Is
e u *£* d J s coyerers recovered from their surprise they determined to
sound the depths of the cavern. Great rocks were hurled down the pit The
whlrrtrff of the falling stones could be heard, growing fainter and fainter in
their descent, but no sound of their striking bottom nor splash, if there Is a
subterranean stream, could be heard. Then the men threw down sticks of
dynamite. If they exploded, none of the men listening heard the faintest
echo. It may be that there is a great cave at the bottom of this pit but it
remains for some dauntless explorer-some one who has extraordinary cour
age—to venture into the chasm.
The cavern is located at the headwaters of Lagnna Creek, which furn
ishes the water supply of Santa Cruz. Xot far from the cavern the creek dis
appears, taking an underground channel, and reappears about a mile below
the sink. It is probable, therefore, that the water flows through the cavern
at a groat depth. As the creek sinks some distance away, it is further rea
sonable to suppose that the pit is one of the entrances to a great cavern or
series of caverns, which extends far under the mountain.
It may be that the blast of the limekiln workers has uncovered another
Mammoth Cave.
SAXTA CRUZ, July 23 — fp in the foothills, twelve miles from Santa
Cruz, a bottomless pit has been discovered. For aught man knows to the
contrary now. it may roach to China. But the persons who discovered it
are inclined to believe the pit leads to a great cave.
Tills wonderful chasm or abyss, which has been added to the natural won
ders of the county, was discovered a few days ago in a most singular man
r.er. \\ orkmen were engaged In blasting lime rock near Russell's new kiln
After the dust end smoke of one of the blasts had settled, the men went to
remove the rock, when to their astonishment they beheld an orifice in the
supposedly solid hillside, the mouth of a pit that yawned black and forbld
clng.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Discovery of a Wonderful Chasm, That H i
Uncovered by Workmen in Blasting Rock 3
in Santa Craz .County. * 3
CATTLEMEN SHOOT DOWN
BIG BAND OF SHEEP
Slaughter Intended to Serve as a
Warning to Herders Not to
Cross Wyoming Line.
CHETENXE, Wyo.. July 23.— A courier
arrived in Rawlins this evening from the
southern part of Carbon County with the
report that a party of mountain cattle
men from Routt Countv, Colorado had
visited the sheep camp of Martin John
son, just across the Wyoming line, in
Routt County, and had slaughtered over
15""i head of sheep.
The animals were shot down, but the
herders were not molested, but were
warned to bring no more sheep across the
Wyoming line.
Reaffirms Vroman Act.
LOS ANGELES, July 23.-Judge Fitz
gerald rendered a decision in the Super
ior Court here to-day reaffirming a pre
vious decision makingr valid the Vrooman
street improvement act of the Legisla
ture. A large amount Is involved.
PETALUMA. July 23.-S. H. Church.
one or the wealthiest and most highly es
teemed pioneer residents of this vicinity,
¦was shot and mortally wounded at his
home in Two Hock Valley, eight miles
¦west of Petaluma and just across the line
dividing Sonoma and Maxin counties, by
i\ E. King of Skaggs Springs. The shcot
lr.g occurred at 9 o'clock this mornij-g-.
and the wounded man died a.t 4:30 this aft
ernoon.
The shooting followed a trivial quarrel
commenced Sunday ; evening between
King and Si Stice, a son-in-law of the
murdered man. King, who is an itinerant
piano tuner, travels through the country
with a camp outlit and trades horses or
anything that comes his way. He camped
Sunday near the Church ranch in a gum
tree grove after he had been warned oft
the premises, lie had four horses with
him. a Iieavy jf-agon and a two-horse
bU£gy. He was also forbidden to water
tils horses on the ranch, as the water
there Is scarce at this time of the year.
Monday moriiing Stice saw King water
ing his horses at the trough in tne barn
yard. The men had svme words and King
"wex.t away With his nurses. Shortly be
fore S o'clock istice saw King- tearing the
boards off an old well in a neij oa the
Church ranch. Stice, with Mr. Church
vent down to the well and made re-pairs.
No words were exchanged with King till
after the well was boarded over. i"hea
Slice toid King to stay on ills own side of
the fence. Church added that if he did
rot he would have him arrestttL King
grew ug]y and s^aid. "I've a mind to shoot
you botn." King had a 32-caUt»er ride in
bis hand. Just as Church turned away
King raised the gun and fired. The bullet
struck Church in the right side, just above
the groin. The old man sank to the
ground. Stice turned and ran and King
jired at but missed him. Then Slice dodged
behind a gum tret?.
King then went back to his camp, while
Stice secured aid .and conveyed Mr.
Church to his residence, where he died iit
4 o'clock.
After the shooting King offered to as
sist his victims relatives to move him into
the house, but the offer was declined
King then said that he was going to Santa
Hopa and would give himself up to Sheriff
Grace. He and his wife hastily left the
camp, taking only the four hor.-es and the
buggy and a rifle and shotgun. King rode
one of the horses, while his wife drove
two hitched to the buggy, the fourth aiii
ir.nl being led.
Theodore King, at the Edeneo creamery,
oifrht railos from hero, saw the man,
¦woman and horses pass his house. Mar
shal Collins and posse of officers are
scouring the country, and the Sheriffs of
Sonoma and Mariu counties will probably
join in the chase.
King, the shooter, lives about four miles
from Skaggs Springs. lie has been around
Fetaluma considerably, always camping
out. Along with his trading he combine*
the business of piano tuning. Sundav
night he stopped at the Bloom ranch. The
dog* began a terrific barking and King
became angry. He swore at a man who
went from the house to see what the dogs
were barkir.gr about and they had a heated
argument. King suddenly raised his rifle
and shot and killed one of the dogs. He
had also raised a disturbance at a neigh
boring ranchf. Sunday he pitched his
camp jn tne prove near the Church ranch
Mr. Church was one of the early
pioneers here and was the owner of three
large ranches in the northern part of this
county. He was 71 years old. and leaves
several grown-up sons. Mr?. Church was
famous here a? a lover of fast horses, and
for years past has been the owner of
many horses that had more than local
reputations. Coroner Eden will hold an
inquest to-morrow at ' Tomales. District
Attorney Melfaac will attend.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
? %
Flight of the Slayer, Who Is Being
Pursued by a Marshal and
Pcsse and Two
Sheriffs.
TRAGEDY FOLLOWS
A TRIVIAL QUARREL
Trader King Shoots Farmer
Church at Two Rock
Valley.
MURDERS A
PETALUMA
RANCHER
To-night the white fishermen are mak
ing vicious threats regarding the destruc
tion of property. The Dominion Govern
ment wired the Provincial Government to
day that it was the duty of the British
Columbia Legislature to look after the
fishermen, not the Canadian Government.
As the Provincial Legislature has not
acted upon the matter the canners wired
that they would have the militia called
out according to the laws of Canada gov
erning such cases, namely through three
Justices of fhe Peace. The canners are
now awaiting the result of the attempt of
the Japanese to fish in the river. If they
should be again intimidated by the whites
they will call out the militia. It Is ex
pected that the Vancouver Volunteers,
under command of lieutenant Colonel
Worsnop, will be chosen for duty.
At noon the Japanese announced their
determination to go out fishing, and on
being warned by the white fishermen that
they would be shot if they did they mus
tered all their forces and proceeded to
where f>00 white fishermen were holding a
meeting and displayed their full strength,
there being fully 300 little brown men in
the crowd. They then lined up four deep
and paraded the streets, some of them
carrying revolvers.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 23.— The first
show of firearms on the side of the police
In the big fishermen's strike at Steveson
took place this morning. Provincial Con
stable Uster arrested Frank Rogers, one
of the leaders of the strikers, for violence
to non-strikers. The mob attempted his
recapture, but Lister drew his revolver
and covered those nearest him, who slunk
away, but not without capturing two spe
cial policemen, whom they handled
roughly and passed along to the rear of
the crowd, where they were liberated with
a warning.
VICTORIA (B. C), July
24. — At midnight Colonel
"Worsnop, commanding the
Duke of Connauglit's Own, is
sued an order for a full turn
out of battalions from Van
couver and New Westminster.
They will go to Stsveston at
2 o'clock. All the men will be
armed and have a supply of
ammunition. The town will
be placed practically under
martial law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Leader of the Strikers Is Arrested
at the Point of a Pistol, but
Two Policemen Are
Beaten.
British* Columbia Village
Will Be Under Mar
tial Law.
CANNERS CALL
THE MILITIA
TO STEVESON
SEATTLE, Wash., July 23.— Juneau has
a full fledged placer mine excitement, ac
cording to advices brought from the north
to-day by the steamer Rosalie. When
the vessel sailed from Juneau July 18 a
stampede was on to the new plafltr dig
gings on Glacier Bay, about 150 miles dis
tant. Some doubt existed as to the placers
being really new discoveries. Not a few
believe them to be diggings found and
operated many years ago by the Rus»
sians. In any event, the finds are most
promising. It Is claimed for them that
an experienced miner can make consid
erably more than wages. Fully 200 people,
it is estimated, have gone from Juneau
alone to the scene of the new discovery.
The bars In the mouth o£ Glacier Bay
are all said to contain gold.
Have Been Located by Rus
sians Many Years Ago.
Diggings at Glacier Bay, Which May
George \\ . Hazen of Portland says:
"Nome is the greatest fake In the history
of the Pacific Slope. The beach is a frost,
the tundra a joke, the creek limited,
shallow and not phenomenal, and the
town a bubble." It cannot support more
than 3000 persons, Hazen says, and there
were 15i)0 persons without a place to sleep
when he was there. The health of the
town was in a deplorable condition. There
were thirty cases of smallpox, to his
knowledge, many said more, and much
typhoid and pneumonia. A pesthouse had
been built at the back of the tundra, and
funerals averaged three a day.
PLACER MINES NEAR JUNEATJ.
Mr. Kossuth says Xome is a frost with
out any assistance from nature. The city
is contained in a long street, wherein live
18,000 to 20,000 people. There is another
tract of land supposed to be a street,
but it is all mire and swamp. Great
quantities of goods of all description are
piled high on the beach, including tons
and tons of machinery and gold ma
chines of all kinds. Regarding the mines
Mr. Kossuth stated that for a distance of
about eighty-five miles, from Topkuk to
ten miles above Nome, the ground has
been worked over thoroughly. The
creeks are small and narrow, and owing
to the great size of the claims staked no
room was left for more stakers.
Lawrence Sinclair, who left Nome July
4, said Nome is the most lawless camp in
the world. He was in the Cripple Creek
stampede, and with all the lawlessness of
that place there never was anything to
equal the unabashed deviltry of all kinds
in Nome. There may be gold at Nome,
he said, but he did not see a color that did
not come from down the river or on the
steamers. The beach was long ago
worked out. He panned thirty pans on
what was said to be the best claim on the
beach. In one pan there may have been
as much as two cents. The owner said
his average was $3 per day.
Ernest Dechenes, who left" Nome on July
3, said: "At Nome during three day's
about the end of June there were five
shooting affrays and five men were buried
as a result. Many people have been
drowned in crossing: the mouth of the Yu
kon while going to St. Michael. Many
bodies have been washed on the beach
and there are others that will never be
found. One steamer picked up three
boats well out in Bering Sea. Their occu
pants had been carried out by wind and
tide from the Yukon and were in despair
when picked up. The bodies of seven men
and two women were picked up close to
gether."
Hugh Madden says that The fuel famine
worked great hardship. Wherever there
is a fire there are people waiting, frying
pan in hand, for a chance to warm up
something to eat. He saw as many as
thirty people waiting. Water sells at
three pails for a quarter and meals" are
a dollar.
VICTORIA. B. C, July 23.-Lawrenca
Sinclair. Caspar Kossuth and George W.
Hazen, the two former of Dawson and the
latter of Portland, have returned from
Xome by the Yukon .route, and in inter
views given by them ; they add to the
gloomy view of the district expressed by
others.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tales of Hardship, Distress and Law
lessness Are Told at Victoria
by Recent Arrivals From
the Camp.
Three Persons Die Daily
and Claims Hardly Show
Color at Nome.
DEATH PANS
OUT BETTER
THAN MINERS
Dr. W. X. Clark, who was one of the
searchers, while near the mouth of the
Pajaro River perceived the body being
tossed about in the surf. He waded out
and brought it ashore and the news was
immediately conveyed to the heartbroken
father and sister, who, since last Friday,
have been lingering near the scone in the
hope that the pea would give up its dead.
An inquest was held on the remains to
day and on the afternoon train the body
was taken to Santa Clara for final inter
ment. The recovery of McGrath's body
marks the closing of the saddest accident
that has ever taken place on the Camp
Goodall beach. The funeral of Miss Lottie
Downing was held here Sunday and her
remains were followed to the city of the
dead by a vast concourse of people. The
body of Miss Mamie Dunn was forwarded
from here Sunday to her home in San
Francisco.
at Camp Goodall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WATSONVILL.E, July 23. — About 4
o'clock this morning- the patient watchers
who had been patrolling the Camp Good
all shore for the past sixty hours recov
ered the bedy of John S. McGrath, one of
the three persons accidentally drowned
there last Friday noon.
Sea Yields Up Its Dead to Watchers
FIND McGEATH'S BODY.
It was an exceedingly hot day and Mrs.
Wiley's little party of five went in bath
ing. They went out to a raft, which sud
denly began to wobble and some of the
bath'ers rell into the water. The others
made a dtsporate attempt to rescue their
companions, and in so doing perished.
Master Wiley, a child about 10 years old,
stood o:i the" bank and witnessed the
awful event, too frightened to run for aid.
He hat- not yet recovered from his fright.
The lake is situated near the Wiley resi
dence, some six miles from Fillmore. It
does not cover an acre of ground, and the
deepest portion is but twelve feet. B. 11.
Wiley is a thirty-year resident of this
county.
— BRODERICK, a young man.
BOY, aged 13 years, name un
known.
The meager details of the accident as
received by telephone are as follows:
HISS FOSHUN, aged 19 years.
VENTURA, July 23.— A terrible accident
occurred in the eastern section of this
county to-day, when five persons were
drowned in Wileys Lake. The dead:
MRS. BYRON H. WILEY, aged
about 40 years.
A. WILEY, daughter of Mrs. B. H.
Wiley, aged 13 years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Litle Son of Mrs. Wiley Witnesses
the Terrible Accident, but Is
Too Frightened to Run
for Aid.
Pitiful Ending of a Day's
Outing of the Wiley
Family.
FIVE BATHERS
PERISH IN A
VENTURA LIKE
lliE SAN ti^Ais CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 1900.
5
BOTTOMLESS PIT
IN A HOUNTAIN
CHATJTATJQTJA FEATURES.
WILHELMA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. GERMANT. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1S99. and fot
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurarce Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL..
Amount of Capital Stock paid up in
. cash tfaO.OOO CO
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ?J5-^ !*
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages S.&Sl.CoO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 221.0.0 9.
Caen in Company's Office 22.405 «.
Cash in Banks -- £«.!*> 80
Interest due and accrued on all __
Stocks and Loans 616 a
Premiums ln»due Course of Collec-
tion E0».09o 93
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks , v 3,740 70
Due irom other Companies for Re-
insurance 845.179 aO
Total Assets I10.S35.301 3»
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense J8..577 25
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. | ; re-
surance 1C0 p«r «nt 32,940 12
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. * : re-Insurance 50 per „ 3g3 -,
LUbUltyunier" other Branches 9,459,454 20
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 397 M
Due for re-Insurance 9.460 53
Total Liabilities S9.6C9.2O3 45
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ma- |
rine premiums fc3».772 05
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 334,912 27
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 44.29? 43
Received from all other sources 2.193.127 40
Total Income S3.1I2.110 15
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including losses of previous
years) 1401.1M C«
Dl\-ldends to Stockholders 107.5CO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 89.934 S3
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 24,038 28
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 2.87? 95
All other payments and expenditures 1.419.561 30
Total Expenditures »2.044,96S 4!
Marine Lostes Incurred during the
year S470.1S7 05
Risks and Premiums. (Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks - "' »\
written during: the,,
year 'J230.267.627 J643.468 S6
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 22S.2S0.410 6G9.44S 43
Net amount In force
December 31.' 1S99 9.243,59* 112.303 91
TH. DAMMANN. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this May
day of 7th. 19C0. EMIL ALT. Notary Public.
GUTTE & FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS,
303 CALIFOBNIA STBEET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
OF THE
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
Pacific Coast Department,
303 CAI.XFOBNIA STREET.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
OF MAGDEBURG. GERMANT. OX Tkl!
31st day of December. A. t>. 1S99. and for
the year ending on that da*- as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant tn the provisions of sections 619
and 811 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished, by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL,. ,
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np In
Cash VZO.0OO0O
ASSKTS.
Real Eatate owned by Company 537.144 ;q
Loans on Bonds and tourtiraRes 1,164!2SS SS
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company l.S-O.-i.'tt 32
Cash in Company's Office 3 Wt ti9
Cash in Banks 30o!615 4a
Interest due and accrued en all
Stocks and Loans d_^3 ;g
Premiums In due Course of Collection 314 007 e<
Due from other Companies for Re- In-
surance C8.9T3 50
Total Assets I4,«67.!!«4 lj
¦ LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $C3,C30 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $ : re-In-
surance 50 per cent 1.63S.S13 H
Gro^s rrfiajums on F"lre Risks run-
ning mo)» than one year. I — — ;
re-Insurance pro rata ISLIW W
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 1.C87 SO
All other demands against the Com-
pany , 234.7S8 90
Total Liabilities '.I3LMM0I 53
rxcoitE.
Xet cash actually received for Fire
premiums J-WC2.SC3 15
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortsra<es 47.40! U
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 71.734 41
Received from all other sources 57.363 3
Total Income S4.1S3.SO: 44
EXPENDITURES.
N#t amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $661,294 91 losses of previous
years> C.9:<f.4«2 74
pivldends to Stockholders 3J2.5C0 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage TSO07 99
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 209.771 13
raid for State. National and Local
taxe* W, 271 33
All other payments and expenditures 21J.333 41
Total Expenditures .."I S4.533.5U «4
H. VATXE. Pr-sJfcnt.
RUDOLF BEnxitr. Vice President.
Subscribed and sworn to befoTS me. this 7th
day of April. 1900.
GEORGE II. MfRPHT,
U. S. Vice Consul at Masdebarf.
INSURANCE COMPANY
umm fire
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
L '^patents! t
MARKET bT. S.F.
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Near PowelL
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Office— 368 12th Street.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
THE OLD FOLKS AT HOME
are learning new wrinkles every day from
the young folks of the present genera-
tion—one of the most comforting is the
fact that good laundry work can be done
outside the house as cheaply as if you
scrubbed your life away over the tub.
Machinery and system tell the tale. Fam-
ily trade is a specialty with us. Domestic
finish for full dress shirts if you want it.
"As a tonic I find that Peruna is
much to be recommended. It is cer-
tainly the best medicine / know of to
build up any one worn out with work
or broken down in general health."
Mrs. J. A. Bashor. Knoxville. Tenn..
Miss Clara Ward, Captain in the
Salvation Army, in a letter from
Ogden, Utah, writes:
Captain Clara Ward.
writes: "My health has completely
broken down and has been lor almoat a
year. I could not rest day or night, but
suffered constantly untold misery. Tried
reraedv after remedy, but found no relief
until Peruna was recommended to me oy
a friend. I have taken one and a half
bottles and am to-dav well and hearty. I
shall always praise Peruna, for I feel it
saved my life."
Mrs. Sarah Gallltz. Luton. Iowa, writes
as follows In regard to Peruna and Man-
alln: "I was suffering with the change
of life. I had spells of flowing every two
or three weeks, which would leave ma
nearly dead. I had given up hope of being
cured, when I heard of Dr. Hartman's
remedies and began to use them. I am
entirely cured, and give all the credit to
Peruna and Manalln." .
It Is at this time of the year that th©
weak, nervous woman Is most prostrated
and 'east able to perform the dally rou-
tine of duties that falls to her share. Sna
has no ambition and her work drags upon,
her at every step. It seems never to be
completed, and she never feels able to go
on with It.
As a rule she keens bravely at It. often
uncomplaining and patient until she
breaks down completely and can go no
farther. It is to these tired, listless, un-
happy women that Dr. Hartman offers
advice and encouragement free. If all
such women will write to Dr. Hartman,
giving a full account of their troubles, he
will answer promptly free of charge and
tell them what to do and wh<»t to take to
make a new woman of themselves.
His advice costs nothing and the medi-
cines are not expensive. Every woman
who follows his advice is greatly bene-.
flted. and the great majority are com-
pletely restored to their youthful health
and strength.
A book entitled "Health and Beauty**
will be sent free to any woman
by Dr. Hartman, Columbus, Ohio.
Praise Dr. Hartman's Free Advice
for Afflicted Women.
SALVATION ARMY
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 pCP YcaP.
THE WEEKLY CALL
»—»»». »Aji»~'« cb»v»/omWHEN the strike against the St. Louis street
car rornpanie* v.as called off the Republic of
that city undertook to calculate the casualties
a:.J the cost of the affair, and figured out the sum-
Btrike lasted" '. 56 days
I No of striker^ 3.500
No. of persons dependent on strikers 10,500
No. of patrons of lines inconvenienced... 630,000
Person? killed 18
Suici-Je duo to strike 1
Persons made insane by strike 2
Person* Phot S4
Loss to company in fares $1,380,000
Ivoss to company by damage to property 20.00*3
Loss to strikers in wages 393,000
Loss to others thrown out of employment 250,000
Lots to city in trade 23.000,000
Co« of posse comltatus 300,000
Co.!<t of extra police 50,009
Transit Company's extra expenses 56,000
since that calculation was made further disagree
ments have occurred, as the strikers declare the com
panies have not kyt the terms agreed upon, and con
sequently the full and latest returns are not in. Those
submitted, however, ire sufficient to show what son
of a disturbance can go on in this country without
creating much of a sensation outside of the city where
it takes place. It figures up something like a small
war: but while it is indeed regarded as a pretty big
thing for St. Louis, Chicago would have thought
nothing of it. Certainly this is a great country.
Montana 5s earning a wild reputation for itself.
Members of the Eighteenth Regiment, who have just
returned from the Philippines and are ordered to
Montana, say they would rather take their chances on
the islands than go to the "bad lands" of Senator
Clark's State.
THE ST. LOUIS STRIKE
THE PARAMOUNT ISSUE.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ELECTIONS.
CUJROM the way in which the campaign is shaping
i itself, it is becoming evident that the elec
tions in the Congressional districts will re
quire careful attention from Republicans and
conservative Democrats generally. Efforts will be
made to carry the House, even if Bryan be de
feated, and it is probable that a good many Demo
crats who are opposed to the Kansas City ticket will
unite with the Bryanitcs in the contest. At any rate
there is enough danger of such combinations to ren
der it necessary for the upholders of the administra
tion to nominate strong men in every district and
give them an earnest and energetic support.
An illustration of the danger is to be seen in the at
titude taken by some of the leading conservative
Democratic papers in the East. Thus, for example,
the Philadelphia Record, one of the stanchest of gold
Democratic papers, recently said: "If the men of
Democratic principles who cannot support Mr. Bryan
should devote their energies to the election of Demo
cratic Representatives they could wipe out the Repub
lican majority in the lower branch of Congress. A
gain of less than twenty districts would do this.
There have been many indications that a very large
proportion of Democrats are not blindly attached to
the Bryan hefesy. Of a Democratic majority in the
House more than half would give no countenance to a
fruitless free silver agitation. Hence there would be
a decided gain for the traditional principles of Democ
racy and a blockade of pernicious Republican legis
lation. The attainment of these ends is worth a
mighty struggle, and the promise of victory is bright."
That is the situation, and there can be little doubt
that in a good many districts the old free traders who
are not free silver men will gladly avail themselves of
the opportunity it offers. The danger is as great in
California as in any other State. Consequently we
cannot afford to take chances in a single district. In
every case where the present Representative has ren
dered faithful service he should be rcnominated, for it
is desirable to have not only good Republicans, but
Representatives of experience and of influence in Con
gress. Anything which tends to cause divisions in the
ranks of the party or is likely to alienate the indepen
dent vote should be carefully avoided. The fight for
control of the House is the danger point of the cam
paign, and it is there that we must be on guard.
Minister Wu's confidence that the foreign Ministers
in Peking are safe and that they can be produced
alive is at least interesting. Certainly if the Dowager
Empress have any Ministers up her sleeve it is time
for her to make a showdown.
The preachers who are talking so loudly of spread
ing "our religion" in China by means of shot and
shell should be kind enough to explain what they
mean by our religion.
The exposures made In the case of the
Sullivan estate indicate that t>^ere Is
plenty of work for the Bar Association
at San Francisco.- The practice of the law
is disgraced by a lot of scoundrels who
should be promptly disbarred. One trouble
with the legal profession is that there are
too many lawyers. This overcrowding
drives many of them to crooked ways.—
Sacramento Bee.
¦ The San Francisco Call has done tho
whole public a service in exposing frauds
in San Francisco probate matters and
showing how estates have been looted by
rascally lawyers. — Inyo Register.
The San Francisco Call has performed
a distinct service to the people of Califor
nia by exposing the probate frauds which
have taken place In Judge Trnutt's court.
Thoso in charge of our courts should be
above suspicion. In probate matters, par
ticularly the demand is imperative, as
the Judge is the only person who can pro
tect the Interests of the public and possi
ble heirs.— Humboldt i'iroes.
The Chretien affair is black all the way
to the bottom. Nobody connected in any
way with the matter is coming out with
out spots. It is Impossible to loot estates
without other people knowing of U than
the looter. We do not see how any of the
court officers are going to come through
this investigation intact. The case in San
Francisco is possibly not singular In this
business. A most conspicuous sign on this
sl.le of the bay Is afforded by the Boogar
ca«e the tlnal account in which was filed
yesterday.— Alameda Argus.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
dealers ask from 40 cents to $1. and for
such with arrow heads at date they ask
from 25 to 65 cents.
ANCIENT LITERATURE— A. G.. Co
lumbano, Italy. There were scrolls pre
pared by scribes in the days before
Christ. According to Matthew. Christ did
not need instructions from the BCribeSj
for "ho taught as one having authority.
BRITISH AND HOER-A. B. W.. Val
lejo. Cal. It is Impossible to give thq ex
act force of the Boer army at Its greatest,
but it rfas been estimated that the number
was from 56, |1rt 0 to 60.iv>0. The greatest
number of British forces in the Transvaal
was 243,000.
ANTS— XL R. £-.. City. The oil of penny
royal distributed wher» ants most congre
gate will, it is tali, drive them away. It
is said that if sugar is sprinkled in and
on a dampened sponge placed wh»-re there
ore ants the pests will jro into the sponge
for the sweets, ami when the sponge Is
filled with them they are destroyed by
putting the spor.ee in boiling water. Then
the trap can be reset time and a^ain until
all have been caught.
POPULAR VOTE-N.. Haywards. Cal.
The following is a record of the popular
vote cast for each candidate at Presiden
tial elections from 1889 to 1>H«. Inclusive;
18S0-Garfield. R.. 4,449.053; Hancock. D.,
4,442.635: Weaver. O. B.. 307.306; bi>w. Pro.,
10,305; Phelps. Amer.. 707. 18S4— Cleveland.
D., 4,911.017; Blatne. R.. 4.S4S.331: St. John,
Pro., 151,809; Butler. Peop., 133.K25: Wig
ginton. Amer.. no record. ISS8— Cleveland,
D.. 3,538.2*3; Harrison. R.. 5.44'\21H; Fisk
Pro.. 24?.W: Streeter. Tnlon-Labor, 148JCS;
Cowdrey. United I^abor. 2*03; Curtis,
Amer.. ir.91. ISTC-Cleveland, D.. 5.555.91*;
Harrison. R., 5.176.10$; Weaver. Peop. 1,
041.02$; Bidwell. Pro.. 264.133; AVlng So-\ L.
21.1S4. l<tfS— McKinley. 7.104.779; Bryan D
and Pop.. 6.:>02,f>23; Leverinsr. Pro.. 132 007;
Palmer, N. Dem.. 133.14S; Machett, Soc. L...
,36,274; Bently, Xat., 13.5KO.
GENEVA CONVENTION— J. B.. City.
The Geneva Convention which met In Ge
neva October 23, 1S63. and from which
sprang all Red Cro?s societies, was the
outcome of a discussion had in that citv
in February preceding on the subject o*f
a book, "Souvenir de Polfprino." written
by M. Durant, showing the necessity of
supplementing medical and sanitarv "ser
vice on the battlefield by volunteer as
sistants, trained and organized -in times
of peace. The Ideas of Durant were ap
proved, and then followed the interna
tional convention. The code governing the
societies is that each country shall have
Its committee to co-operate with the army
sanitary service in communication with
the government, and in time of pence oc
cupy itself In preparing supplies, training
nurses, etc.; during war to furnish the
same to their respective armies, the
declaration of the neutrality of hospitals,
of officials of the sanitary service of the
unpaid nurses, of tho inhabitants' of the
country while aiding the wounded and
even of the wounded themselves.
POPULAR AND ELECTORAL VOTE-
A. J., Seattle, Wash. A candidate for the
office of President of the United States
may receive the popular vote, yet not be
elected because under the present plan
of voting a small majority counts as
much if not more than a larger one. For
instance: Smith and Jones are candidates
for trje Presidency. Suppose there are six
Electors in a State and that these are
e^?^S d on Sm 'th's side by a majority of
100.000 and seven Electors in another State
are elected on Jones' side by a bare plu
rality of 1000; Smith's populaV majority of
99.0U0 is overcome by Jones' electoral ma
jority of 1. In the election or Rutherford
13. Hayes one electoral vote outweighed a
popular majority of 250^35. James A. Gar
field had but 7018 majority on the popular
vote over \V. S. Hancock, but he had 59
electoral majority. Abraham Lincoln at
the second election had an electoral ma
jority over George B. McCleilan of 191.
while his popular majority was 3Q7.0<>0.
Franklin Pierce in 1852 was elected over
¦\Vinfield Scott by a popular majority of
less than 215.000. yet his electoral major
ity was 212 votes out of 254.
GOOD CAUSE FOR DISGUST.
"By George." exclaimed Lycurgus Pack-
Inham, "this is an outrage, and I'm goln'
to see If something can't be don about
It. But that's what comes from mixing
politics up with school matters. I have
always held that our schools should be
free from political influences and I am
now more th#n thoroughly convinced of
it than ever." • ¦
"'¦What has happened." his wife asked
as soon as she coiil.1 get a chance.
"Here." he exclaimed. "I've been ore of
the heaviest taxpayers in this town for
tiffpn years or more and it seems to m<a
that I nave a ripht to expect something
in return for It. J^ut what is the result?
My children can't even get the rudiments
of an education in our common schools.
Look at this poem Lucille has written to
tak<» the place of a trraduation essay.
There it is! She makes 'enhance' rhyme
with 'pants.' Good heavens! Don't the
teacher? know enni^h even to teach the
children that the a" in pants ought to be
sounded as it is tn 'haunts?' It's a hollow
mockt-ry— this whole business— that's what
It is!"— Chicago T!mos-Herald.
DE MORTt'IS.
Blzzihuddy — "What do you mean by such
a remark? t
Herrlman— What remark?
Rizzlburldy— Didn't I understand you to
s=ay that you'd like to lay out ray friend
Jones?
Berriman— That's my business, sir.
Bizzlbuddy— It is. eh? Aren't you
ashampd ot yourself? Don't you know
the man's dead?
Berriman — Certainty. I'm aa under
taker.—Philadelphia Press.
LIFE AS IT MIGHT BE.
¦"Ah," he said, gazing down into her
deep, velvety eyes after the end of their
first quarrel, "you are my heart's delight;
my soul's refuge."
"I'm so g!ad." she answered. "Now. if
I could only have some influence on your
liver life might be on» grand, sweet song
for us. after all."— Chicago Times-Herald.
ENTORCED ITARMO>JT.
Muggins — The BJoneses seem very hap
py in that tiny little flat of theirs.
Huggins— Yes; there isn't room for a
skeleton in the closet.— Philadelphia
Record.
AN IMPOSSIBILITY.
A Man— I'd rather be a live Jackass than
a dead lion.
Ills Wife — Tou couldn't be a dead lion
if you wanted to.— Indianapolis Press.
N'O TONGUE CAN' TEH*
I Dr. Jalap — Let me see your tongue,
please.
Patient— Oh, doctor, no tongue can tell
how bad I feel.— Exchange.
PROOF ENOUGH.
"Is Mr. Welter rich?" asked Mrs. Cum
so. "I think he must be," replied Mr
Cumso. "He keeps a camera."— Harper's
j Bazar.
PROBATE FRAUDS.
HERE'S TO LAUGH.
FOR GOOD CANDIDATES.
THE most important local movement thus far
taken in the campaign was that of last evening,
which resulted in the organization of the Busi
ness Men's Republican Club. The aim of this move
ment if to assure Republican success and the welfare
of the city and the State by bringing about the nomi
nation of candidates of such excellence that they will
have net only the support of all loyal Republicans.
but also that of the independent vote, which of late
ha? been so strong.
That intent is clearly set forth in the resolutions,
which, after declaring that Republican success is es
sential to the prosperity of city. Shte and nation, say:
"That in our judgment such success can only be ob
tained by nominating persons for office who will com
mand the confidence of the voters, and in view of
the late developments concerning probate proceed
ing-, we demand that the five Candidates for the office
of Superior Judge shall be selected with unusual care
and that they be lawyers well fitted for that respon
sible position. We also detmnd that the candidates
for the Legislature shall be imen who will worthily
represent the interests of this: city; and if such nomi
nations are made for the bench and Legislature, we
I,ledjze <~iur active support."
There is the issue in a nutshell. Good nominations
meati the support oi the business men of the city.
They mean victory. Bad or weak nominations will
result in defeat.
Another notable feature or the proceedings of the
meeting; *as the manifestation of the fact that the
business men well understand that the way for them
to bring about the nomination of good men is to take
ar. active part in the primaries. As was pointed out,
the primary election is the strategic point of the local
campaign. Should the better element of the party
triumph there, the rest will be plain sailing.
It is in the highest deerec gratifying to have so
many r>i the most influential and most public-spirited
of our business men organize for active work in local
politics.' It is in line with the policy The Call has all
along advocated and strenuously urged. It comes at
i critical period of ih* local campaign and assures
victory. It is the most sipnificant event that has re
cently happened in our politics, and is full of good
angary for the welfare of 'the municipality and the
State.
GRAND JURY INDICTMENTS.
/~~^ RAND JURY indictments were filed with
( I Judge Bahrs yesterday against Chretien, Lat-
ner and Hansted, for crimes committed in con
nection with the loo:ing of the Sullivan estate. Thus
the exposure by The Call of the frauds has not only
prevented the complete success of the conspirators
and brought about a confession from one of them, but
lias served the purpose of bringing three of them un
der indictment to answer for the crime.
Chretien has been indicted for obtaining money by
false pretenses, and indictments upon other charges
may be filed later on. Latner is charged with receiv
ing money by falsely impersonating another, and
Hansted is charged with a felony in making and ut
tering a fictitious instrument in writing for payment
of money. These charges will serve the purpose of
bringing the offenders to trial, and when all the evi
dence against them is brought out in court it is prob
able that they, like Chretien, will be called upon to
answer for other offenses also.
Rogers has thus far escaped indictment, but the
Grand Jury has not yet finished with his case. lie has
refused to answer questions asked him by the Grand
jury, and the District Attorney has requested the
court to compel him to answer such as relate to
ethers and, will not lead him to testify against him
self. That point the Judge is expected to decide to
day.
It is to be borne in mind, however, that so far as
Rogers' guilt is concerned there is no need for him
to testify against himself. He swore before Judge
Troutt that he had received no money for withdraw
ing his objection to the distribution of the estate to
the bogus heir, and The Call has published the tes
timony of witnesses who contradict him flatly and
swear they paid him money for that consideration.
There is. then, a valid ground for the indictment of
Rogers for perjury, if for nothing else, and the Grand
Jury should proceed accordingly.
The cases now being fairly before the courts. The
Call has no further duty to serve in connection with
them than that of reporting the proceedings.
The prosecution of pet sons charged with crime is the
duty of law officers, not of the press, and The Call
has no desire to take part in it. In the interests of
public welfare it has exposed the frauds, furnished the
evidence, saved the estate from final distribution
among the conspirators, and now leaves the prosecu
tion, conviction and punishment of the offenders to
the bench and bar.
There are many curious things about the gathering
of the nations to make war on China, not the least of
which is the fact that all the armies of the white race
are likely to be commanded by the mulatto who has
gone to the front in charge of the French troops. A
descendant of the black race leading all the white
races to make war on the yellow race leaves nothing
to be desired but the appearance of a red man as a
peace commissioner.
ALEXEIEFF — Russian vice admiral on the Far Eastern station.
BENDEMANN — Rear Admiral Benciemann. commanding the German
Fqtiadron In the Far F.ast.
BOXERS— The "Boxers' or the "I-Ho-Chuan"— "I" meaning right
eous. "Ho" uniting and "Chuan" defending with the fist— arc rme
of China's many secret societies. They originated in Shantung
from the native hostility to the Germans, and have spread all over
North China. Th?y are bitterly anti-foreign and anti-Christian,
and the indorsement of their views and agitation by the Chinese
Government has led to the present intervention of the powers.'
CHANG CHI TUNG— The Viceroy at Hankow is a man of great In
fluence among the Chinese; he lias always been an advocate of
China for the Chinese, and has tried to introduce foreign methods
with Chinese administration and Chinese capital, with most disas
trous results. Chang Chi Turn? is at present out of favor with the
Empress.
CHANG YI— The Director of Mines for the province of Chill and
Assistant Director of Northern Railways, a man cf great wealth,
is rising into prominence. He is a favorite of the Dowager Em
press, as well as of the Emperor and of Yung Lu. He is pro
gressive and In cc.pstant touch with foreigners, but very cautious;
he :s likely to rise to hipher positions.
CHAO SIIL* CH IAO— A Chinese, is a recent addition to the Cabinet.
He is a Commissioner of the Railway and Mining Bureau and is a
strong Conservative, anti-foreign, anti-progress and antl-evtry
thlng but himself and asserts a very bad influence.
CHEFOO (OR CHIFl')— One of the treaty ports. Is the only open port
between the mouths of the Yangtse and Pelho. It has the most
suitable climate for Europeans of any of tne Chinese ports and I?
visited as a sanitarium by persons from the southern ports. It la
close to \N"ei-Hai-Wei, on the northern extremity of the ynantung
Peninsula,
CHEKIANG (Central Sea)— Province containing Sanmun. Italy's cov
eted base.
CHILI — Northernmost province, containing Peking.
COLOGAN-^M. de. Cologsn, Spanish Minister to China, the "doyen" of
the corps.
CORVEJOLLES— Rear admiral, commanding the French squadron in
the Far Hast.
FOREIGN SETTLEMF)NTS-Distrk-ts allocated in certain chief cities
to foreigners, according to nationalities, wherein the residents live
under the control of their own elected municipal council. Consular
authority is usually supreme therein, but not always so. an^I the
residents maintain an entirely Independent attitude with respect to
the local Chinese authorities.
FORMOSA— Japanese island southeast cf China.
KU — A prefecture.
FUCHSHIMA— General commanding the Japanese force.
Fl'HKIEN— Province southeast, opposite Formosa.
FUTAI— The Governor of a province.
GASICLEE (General Sir Alfred), commanding the Indian contingent.
Has been quartermaster general of the Indian army since July. 1S0S.
GIERS—M. de Giers. Russian Minister to China.
GODOWN--A place for storing goods.
HAIKWAN— Chinese maritime customs.
HSU CHING CIl'EX— Chinese vice president of the Board of Works,
ex-Minister to Russia and Germany, end at present receiving £&<*)
per annum from the Russian Government as president of the Chi
nese Kastern Railway. Member of the Tsung-Li-Yamen.
KAXG YI — A Manchu. the prestdent o€ the Board of War and a Cab
inet Minister; is a strong Conservative and very anti-foreign; he
is influential and is a bad "adviser to the Empress.
KAXG YU WEI— The exiled leader of the Chinese reform party, now
at Singapore.
KIANGSl*— Northern Sea province, containing Shanghai.
KWANG SU— The present Emperor and son of Prince Chun, now dead,
¦who was younger brother of th° late Emperor, Hsien Fung, the
Dowagpr Empress 1 husband. Kwang Su has no issue.
KAY AX PI— Province bordering Tongklng.
K.WANTUNO— Southern province containing Canton.
KWEI CHUN— The Viceroy of Szechuen. a Manchu; i? not violently
anti-foreign, but he has not been very successful In keeping his
province quiet.
LI— A Chinese mile, equRls one-third of an English mile.
LI HUNG CHANG— Acting Viceroy at Canton, who Is well kn"wn In
Europe, where he has acted both as Envoy and Minister. Now very
old. He has often been in disgrace, but is a trusted friend of
the Dowager Kmpress.
LIKIN— An Inland tax imposed on foreign goods In transit.
LIU KUNGI-Viceroy at Nanking. He is a trusted ally of the Dow
ager Kmpress, but Is getting old.
XIUCHWAXG-Thls nourishing port, which has a British concession.
is the jchtef seaport of Manchuria, and is l?0 miles north of Port
Arthur. There is an Immense and increasing export and Import
trade, which is mainly In the hands of the English, Americans and
Japanese. The Russians have laid out a new town three mil»3
above Nluchwang for the terminus of their new railway.
NISHU— Baron Nlshu, Japanese Minister to China.
NGANHWEI— Inland province.
PKIHO (North River)— Rises beyond the great wall, and flowing past
Peking and Tientsin, debouches into the Gulf of Liao-Tung. the
last eight miles of Its course being through mud flats. At its
mouth are the Taku forts. From Taku to Tientsin the course of
the river is very tortuous, yet it is navigable up to Peking. 100
miles from thf mouth. About November the river begins to freeze
PEKING-The northern capital of China since 1260: a very old.'evil
smelltng town, stands In the middle of an extensive plain 12 miles
north of Tungchow on the Peiho. and 160 miles from the sea. It
Is surrounded by walls JO feet high and 60 feet wide, and Is entn»J
through strong gates, all of which are closed at night. Here 13
the palace and here are the legations. The populace is anti-fcr
f Kn l an intensity which la barely conceivable. The tstlmated
popiCktlon Is 1.3nn.ono.
PORT AltTHI.TR— Now the Russian naval base in the Far East. It was
leaded to Russia In ISO?, with the adjacent seas and territory to
TUESDAY ./f.'.i .:JULY 2^ 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELSjProprie^
""T^Tss Ml Communica bn»to W. S. LEAKE.
gTwACEn** office. .^^ J^e^^tTrJt^
?T^,CATION OggBg^jF Thlrd - •' '"
Pellrrrrd t,T Carrlrr-. IB Cent. Per Week
•Mntjl*' Coplf«. 5 Ce«».
Term* bf Mntl. Inelndtnc I'o.ta*ei
DAILT CALL «mc!u«I!nr Sunday), one year »•¦«
PAILY CALL .including Sunday). « na^ths J-«
DAILT CALL (induJlnc Sun<J»r). » montht
DAILY CALL— By Single Month °^
6CNIMT CALL On# Yrar LOO
V.'EHKLY CALL. *>n« Year ••"
All poitmutcn are nntborUed to receive
¦nbicrlptloBi.
6*mpJe ocple» will t« forwarded w&en requested.
to l^sur» a prompt *nd correct compliance wltb their r*que«.
OAICLOU OFFICE.T7. 1«8 Broadwas
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Mincer Fore g-. Advertising. Marquette Budding. Chicago.
tLcn* DUUnce Telephco* "Central «M.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON. Hereid s * uare
J1.TTW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Buildine
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ffcero^ Houm: P. O. New. Co.: Or«at Nortb«r« Hotd;
Fremont ilcc»«; Auditorium Holel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Art ort* Hotel; A. Br*ntmno. SI Unloo 8q«mr«;
Murray HOI HoteL ___^__— .
WASHINGTON <D. C.1 OFFICE Wellington Hot©.
MORTON £. CRANE. Correspondent.
NO WAR WITH CHINA.
ALREADY one may see the wisdom of keeping
out of the complications which arise in the
complex ambitions of Europe. While the ac
tual slaughter of foreigners in China and the rumors
of appalling crimes are cultivated as a pretext, the
only sentiment they seem to excite among the Euro
pean nations is that of conquest and partition.
It may be said without being unfair that the blood
shed would have been limited to the first outbreak
and the legatio'ns would not have been besieged if the
other powers had permitted Japan to throw her splen
didly equipped army at once into China. While there
is no doubt that the Japanese force would have
reached Peking, its appearance would not have excited
the rage and resentment which were caused by the
landing of the much smaller allied forces. To refuse
to let Japan take the initiative was a criminal policy,
and the nations responsible for it are not guiltless of
what has followed. It was the natural thing to do.
Pitting one Asiatic power against another removed
the religious feature r.nd all its friction from the situ
ation, and would have diverted China to entirely new
issues.
It was not permitted for fear that Japan would
claim some fruits of her victory, if she won it. That
was the trouble. The pirates of Europe, that have
jangled and jawed while their people were being tor
tured, care less for the blood that is spilled than for
the territory that may be grabbed.
If Japan had been given free rein most important
consequences might have followed. It was possible
that a Japanese dynasty might have been set up at
Peking. The rulers of China have heretofore come
from other races than the pure Mongol and from
other nations than China proper. The imposition upon
that country of a Japanese dynasty would have been
the means of improving the civilization of China.
Japan has absorbed the modern spirit thoroughly.
and. controlling the vast population of China, coull
have influenced it more usefully than all the West
ern nations combined.
Not only in hampering Japan, but in pursuing the
same policy toward each other, the European nations
have written into history a disgraceful chapter.
England, whether from policy or necessity, has held
a more reasonable attitude, but already the bawling
of the British jingo is heard and the Cabinet is evi
dently under sore pressure. The news from China
has obviously been manipulated to suit the conspiracy
of the powers. The announcement that China has de
clared war against Christianity is intended to appeal
to the jingro feeling everywhere, and to start the pul
pit in every country preaching a new crusade.
The United States should maintain an independent
attitude. We must not involve ourselves in territorial
ambition, nor can we become an ally of China against
the powers that propose war upon her. This Govern
ment cannot embark in a crusade in defense of Chris
tianity, for it is a secular Government and not a
theocracy, nor bound to defend anywhere any form of
the religious idea.
China has a perfect right to make war upon Chris
tianity if she wish, for she and no other will have to
take the consequences. The so-called Christian nations
have beep provoking her for more than a century.
They have stolen her territory and abused her people
at home and abroad. They have made treaties with
her and violated them at will without making repara
tion to her, while exacting it from her for less vio
lation of treaty obligations.
The United States should demand of her reparation
for whatever our citizens have suffered and for what
ever insult may have been given us as a nation. When
?he squares this demand we 1 should remain absolutely
neutral. If Russia and Germany make war upon her
inimicallv to the interests of England and France, let
them and Oiina fight it out. Secretary Hay has al-
ready taken time by the forelock, as far as the open
door is concerned. The European Governments have
made an identical agreement with this country th.it
China shall remain open for trade on equal condi
tions to all of the commercial nations. If others go
there aggressively, and. making use of these bloody
I riots as a pretext, proceed to inflict punishment upon
I a nation for the crimes of individuals, we will not
be among the invaders and the carvers. The trade
of China must always originate in the need of the
Chinese for what they cannot produce. If the United
Ststes act wisely now. we will retain the commercial
sympathy of those people, and their trade will follow
rot only the sympathetic line, but, like the trade
of Europe, will come where the supply is the best
r.nd the cheapest. Therefore, for every reason that
czr influence commerce, our exchanges with China
will increase while those of the aggressive and pirati
cal nations will decline. Indemnity, reparation and
friendly neutrality should be our Chinese policy.
Ii should not be forgotten that Secretary Hay, by
wise foresight and timely action, has put us in a po
sition to follow that course, and bring interest, honor
and our traditional policy all into harmony.
A distinguished visitor from India says that there
is ever}' reason to believe that famine is likely to in
ctease in that death-sfyicken land. If this be true Eng
land will have small need for troops with which to
protect her Asiatic possessions. Death will leave
nothing to Protect. .
rioney not specifically payable in gold. The wages of
labor, and the thousands of millions of savings of the
irijduEtricus and thrifty poor would suffer the same
faie as the accumulations of the rich. The rich, in
cired, would not submit to be despoiled without resist
ance. As soon as it became known that on March 4.
1901, Mr. Bryan would be President and a Bryanite
Congress could be called together in extra session to
pass an unlimited silver coinage act, every holder of
securities liable to be paid in silver would hasten to
turn them into gold at the best price obtainable, and
a monetary pr.nic would ensue, more! violent than any
which the courtry has ever experienced."
So long as a candidate for the Presidency, sup
ported by a powerful party, threatens the country with
a debased coinage that will be the paramount issue be
fore ever}' man who earns wages or has savings in thj
banks. A depreciation of the value of money, bes-tie-:
being utterly dishonest, has the further evil in its na
ture that it will be more blighting upon labor than
upon any other interest. The intelligence of the peo
ple perceive.-, that fact, and accordingly in this cam
paign the one issue which the voters will recognize
will be that of determining whether we shall main
tain the existing prosperity or try chaos.
the r.orth. th«> whole forming the province of Kwanstunfc. Port
\rthur is reserved as a naval port for Russian and Chinese war
ships and closed to uther rations. By Russian efforts it has be
come a very powerful and imrortant base.
FRIXCE CHIXG— A llanchu. Lord Chamberlain of the Court and
Commander of the Fekinz Field Force. Member of ths Tsunit-L.t-
Yarocn. . . »
PRIKCK LI— TJw senior member of the Cabinet (pronnuneea L+e>. a.
Ylanehu. is an hereditary Prince, belonging to a distant branch o
the imperial family: he takes no r *rt"ln foreign affairs, but is much
tru=t"il fh imperial family matters.
PU CHI'X— The vresTit Emperor's heir, nominated by the Pvwaser
Empren He is the gran.»n n of the brother of the late Emperor
II.«!en Funs arji Prince Chun, ar.d first cousin once removed to tn->.
SHANGHAI— The largest and most Important of the Chinese treaty
r^rts It is situated twelve miles from the mouth of a branch o.
the YanKt«o Ktans. in the provir.ee of Kianssu. The population la
nearly 4 V«> •>'•¦> including over WOO foreigners. It was declared a
treatv r'ort cpon to the world in 1S42. The British Government es
tablished the Supreme Consular Court of Appeal tor »» chma and
Japan at Shanghai. ...»-•.
SHAXTUNG-Provln'-e bordering the Gulf of PechUI to the south. Con
tains Klaochau and Wel-Hal-tVei.
SHEXG— The Administrator cf Telegraphs and of Railways, the n»aa
of the I.T.perial r.ank of China, and of the China Mercha-.ts Steam
ship Company is a m^t influential man. and in constant relations
wl'h fnrelgr.ers Those who have tried to do business with him so
far have found him more than a match for them; the control of ths
whole.. .f the telegraph svstem of China and considerable «eath
Klvo him Bfpat power, and he is always a man to be reckoned with
in the future.
SZKCHI'EX— Province borderinz Thibet.
TAFX- i:Q.uai« 1 1-3 ounces of sliver in weieht.
T*KT' FORTS— Situated at the mouth of the P«iho. consists of thre>
" main forts, the north, south and new. At the time when they
were ruptured by th» allied forces of England and France In O»
th-y mounted about MO purs. Behind the forts there extends for
twenty m'.W InlaiM an Intricate system of moats .Defended b>
modern artillery anl iMJUul irUHertotj they would be practical
impresmab!-. They were tak»n by the allied forces en June *.
THE GRAND COUNCIL- TlHI Emperor and Empress Dowa«er ar- a3
.trted IH the Kovernment by a Cabinet or Grand Council ""«*"
at rre.«nt it et S V. members, and th~e are undoubtedly the moM
Influential statesmen for the time being.
THE TSrXG-I.I-YAMI"X-SmM the CWn»?c Covrnm-nt a* Mlnl«r<-r
of rorcin AffalTJ Till the war of KM all foreigners were treated
as belosstn* to .^pendent or tributary nations: and on thM MSM
all foreign nffai-s had been conducted by a 8^«"lal department cf
the Board at Ceremonies. The war. however, showed that the na
tions of the "West could not be treated as tributary tribes. «nd U
m-et the emergency P^nce Kuns invented the Tsung-U-Tamen a*
the most suitable mt-thfd of dealing with foreign Ministers. It nrs.
had three members, but the numt.er has been increased to ten. Its
members lo not constitute a separate department In thj ordinary
sen?* of the term; they are selected from tbfl six boa-Is arM from
the Grand Conn'-ll (Cabinet). The Tsuns-U-Yam-n. as a body, fcaj
no nown lo nc' ar..'. except In most unimportant cases will sr'.ve r.o
decNlv- ' anVwor!' T6«y receive r-quest*. nemands and pntMHt and
ackno vie-lg? the r-ctij.t. As a board of obstruction It !s a gigantic
success.. All ir.ten-lrws are t»ken down verbatim, an* with copies
of the .liin it.-ho;. crv- laM before the Grand Council (CAblnet). «n<J
by It reported to th« Eicj«mr.
TIEXTSIX-Ore of the treaty ports', is en the Pelho and seventy miles
Vrcm Peking. It is a very busy place when, the river Is free from
ice but when the last steamer has left and the river Is closed up the
foreign community, consisting of about 230 Europeans, have nothing
to do but amuse themselves till the end of March. Tientsin has
now been isolated, and the foreign settlement la a state of stes«
since June 17
Tt* W (Prince)— The "father of Pu Chun, their heir apparent, and first
Cousin of Kwang Su. the Emperor, and now leading the. ultra-anti
fr>reif;n movement at the palace.
TZK 1 1 SI— The Dowager- Empress. nr»w 63 years old. wld^w of the Em
peror Hsien Fun*, who died In 1«61. Xo blood relation to th* pres
ent Emperor, who Is the son of listen Fung's brother, the lata
Prince Chun.
WANG WEN PHAO.— A Chlne?e. i.« cre-'Went of the Board of Reve
nue, a member of the Taung-Li-Yamen and a Commissioner of th<»
Railway and Mining Bureau. He Is the most liberal member of
the Cabinet and the least antl-foreien.
WEI-HAI-WKI (Llukuntao).— \Va3 lease,] to Great Britain by the Chi
nese in ISM. One hundred* and thirty thousand pounds was pro
vided by the military works bill of ISM for the defense of Wei-Hai
\Y>i. The g-arrison consists of one company of Chinese garrison ar
tillery, two companies of British infantry, six companies of Chinese
infantry and the necessary contingents of royal engineers and de
part staff. It has a large and safe anchorage, but to properly de
i* ¦ i' i ' it TrToui J rf*ci tif r^ d. force of x r^rri t^n to flf t^^n thoussn'i. A '"I*
mlral Bruce announces that he is making Wel-IIal-Wel a base for
operations.
WOnfr.VG — Seventy miles from Shanghai, on the Yangtse. wtaere
there ar<- strong forts.
TAMF.X.— An official residence.
YU LI'— The Viceroy of Chili, is a timid man. but by no means ar.ti
forelgn. He has influence at court.
YL'XG L.U— A Jlanrhu. the commander-in-chlef of th» northern
armiefi. Is prot>ably the most Influential man in China. He has
great rower and is a favorite of the Empress-Dowager. He is
somewhat progressive, and inclined to lead the Empress into the
pa:h» of Western pngress. also member of the Cabinet.
YUSXAN. — Most westerly province.
—London Daily Mall.
KEY TO THE CHINESE PUZZLE
The Following Alphabetical List Should Be Kept for Refer
ence During the Crisis in the Flowery Kingdom.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 11)00.
CONSUL AT CORK-J. H., City. Daniel
Swiney was United States Consul at Cork,
Ireland, in ISM, and was such in April of
this year.
ENUMERATORS' PAT — Subscriber.
City. The census enumerators will receive
their pay through the officers who ap
pointed them. :
BINDING-!.. E. A.. Callente. Cal. Half
morocco binding consists of a fine quality
of cloth covers with morocco leather cor
ners and morocco leather spring back.
Library binding Is all leather.
TO SHIP— I. V. V., City. If you desire
to secure a position on a ship for your
brother, select the ship you would have
him go on, then make application to the
master. ;
SMALL COINS— Subscriber. City. Deal
ers offer to sell cents of 1S38 for prices
varying from 5 to 40 cents, and they offer
to sell a Mexican quarter real of 1S31 for
10 to 20 cents for copper and 25 to 40 cents
for brass issue.
SILVER THREE-CENT PIECE-S.,
City. A silver three-cent piece of 1S67
commands a premium from dealers of
from 15 to 50 cents. Dealers ask for such
coins from 75 cents to $1.
POWDER WORKS EXPLOSION—Sub
scriber, Vallejo, Cal. The smokeless pow
der works near Point San Pedro, In Marln
County were dostroved by an explosion
March 22, 1SS£. killing ex-Captain Charles
A. Jcnks and Charles Nelson.
WATER IN A BOTTLE— A. S.. City. It
has often been asserted that if a sealed
bottle is sunk to a certain depth in the
ocean the pressure will be so great that
the bottle will fill with water and that
glass must be porous.' : It is not the glass
that is porou3, but if water finds Its way
into the bottle It Is through the cork.
A DIME OF 1855— Subscriber. City. A
dime of 1S53 is not one of the coins for
which dealers offer a premium. For dimes
of that date without arrow heads at date
6
BY way of a concession to the conservatism of the
country the Democratic convention in renom
inating Bryan endeavored to make his candi
dacy more acceptable by subordinating the silver
I-lank to a secondary place in the platform, and de
claring with an array of sonorous words that the para
mount issue is that of imperialism. It was a bold
bluff, but up to this time it has had little or no effect.
In fact* the candidacy of Bryan is itself the paramount
issue put forth at Kansas City, and no effort on the
part of the Bryanite orators or organs can delude the
people into believing otherwise.
Bryanism means many things, but to the country it
large its worst portent is to be found in his dishonest
attitude toward all questions of capital and property
and money. His scheme for the free coinage of silver
if carried out along the lines he has persistently advo
cated would entail disasters unparalleled in our his
tory. *That menace of a fifty-cent dollar is the thing
that looms up before the mind of every man who.
gives the subject consideration. The sound-money
Democrat perceives clearly that this issue of financial
honesty and soundness is still before the country, and
thc> refuse to give consent to anything like an appro
val this year of a man whose nomination they rejected
four years ago.
Matthew Marshall! one of the foremost financial
vriters of the country, after reviewing the monetary
conditions of the republic and the relations of the
Bryanite movement to finance and the free coinage
of silver, says:
"Herein consists the peril with which the country is
threatened by the Democratic party. They propose to
re^rce. as in the twinkling of an eye, by more than
cue half, the value of all contracts for the payment of
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July 23.— C. J. R. Carson
of Los Angeles Is at the Bartholdi: T. J.
Powell of San Francisco Is at the Nether-
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house— "The Great Ruby."
<;anfornia- - Ttush City."
Tivcii— •"Wars."
Alcazar— "The Country Girl."
Orrlieurn— Vaudeville.
• Oljn-.pia. eoroer Mason ar.d BUf streets-Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo tod Theater-VaudeviUe ever* afternoon and
«ver.:ne-
Ki£ch*>r"s— Vaudeville.
Golden Gate Ha 1 .;- Exhibition of Paintlr.c
Butra r>z\h: — C'r^n Digbta.
~^uctiomF sales.
By Chase & MeBdenb*U-Tharsa«y. July 18. at 11 o'clock.
Trr-'i-c arvl Wmk Hr,r«cf. at "j~: Market street.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> at Townsead'*.*
/£.,-' - r ¦
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery At. Telephone Main IOC •
A real scene of troops In action hardlv
exists. Pictures of them are taken at odd
spells and out of danger's reach, guns and
troops being posed for the purpose.
' ¦ ? ¦
Th# most efficacious Mlirmlant to «xclt» ths
appetite u Dr. SJegerta Angostura Bttt«r». B«-
%are of counterfeits.The tramways, omnibuses and under
ground railways- in and around London,
within a radius of five miles, carry each
year about 63,000,000 passengers.
Dr. Stanford's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
»>»«r ills. fciUo&faeM. lailsestloa, constipation.*
Broke Into the Oberon.
Gtor&e Williams, who broke into the
Oberoa en O'Farrell street Sunday mom-
Ar.fc and forced open two nickej-in-the-slot
appeared before Judge Cabaniss
\_- esTf-rday. The charge against him was
lursclary" but it was chanpf-d to malicious
mischief ard the Judpo sentenced him to
thirty days in the County Jail.
Large Output of Miches.
One firm In Austria uses ten tons of
phosphorus a year, and turns out over 25,
000,000 matches. Another company, an
English one, uses 100,W0 pounds of sul
phur, 700,000 feet of rhoice white pine tim
ber, and 150 tons of strawboard for boxes
in the same time.
Peculiar Effects of an Earthquake.
Accounts of the threat earthquake in
Alaska a few months ago. which extended
over an area of four thousand miles in di
ameter show that the disturbance has
permanently altered many parts of the
Alaskan coast. Well known islands have
been swallowed up and others have risen
to take their place. All the glaciers in
Olacler Bay. including the great Muir
Glacier have oeen mutilated and disfig
ured Mountains were shaken to their
h-,.;*.? huge rocks were dislodged from
their' sides and forests were leveled to the
eround Premonitory shocks had been
frit some time before the earthquake
actually occurred. The Muir Glacier
runs into the country for about forty
Iilary Manley Not Insane.
Mary A. Manlejr. the £trl who was
locked up in a padded cell in the insane
ward cf the Receiving Hospital Friday
rijrht on complaint of her father. IV. E-
Manley. Postmaster of Penryn, Cal., was
•'.'.-charred by the Insanity Commissioners
resterda?. The jrirl is 2<) years of ape, and
Mrs. John Durrtll. wife of a contractor,
agT'-ed to take charge of her and procure
u situation fcr her.
Long-livity of Fish.
There are some gold fish in Washington
which have belonged to the same family
for the last fifty years, and they seem no
bigger and no less vivacious to-day than
they did when they first came into the
owner's possession. A few of the fish in
the Imperial Aquarium at St. Petersburg
are known to be 150 years old, and the
age of the sacred fish in some of the ponds
attached to the Buddhist temples in China
is to be counted by centuries, if we are
to believe the priests.
Slanv Shriners for Honolulu
The jrer.orn.! commit te«* of the Ancient
Arabic Order r.l Mystic Shrincrs. having
charge of the excursion to Honolulu, held
a meeting yesterday. From the reports
presented itis evident that not only mem
bers Of Ham Temple of this city, but
manv from temples in different parts of
tho State will make up the party of ex
cursionist* who arc to sail on the steamer
Zenlandia.
Whisky in Stockings.
"The l'^uor habit is decreasing among
the m'. n, but ft is Increasing among wo
men." said Mrs. Leonora M. Lake in a
lecture on temperance delivered recently
in St. Paul. Mrs. Lake spoke for over an
hour, her subject being "Why I Am a To
tal Abstainer."
The lecturer stated that one reason why
more men were total abstainers now was
because their business interests drmanded
it. Many business concerns refused to
employ a man unless they had sufficient
proof that he never touched liquor in any
form. On the oth^r hand, many tirms
that rmploy women complain, said Mrs.
Lake, that their employes brir.g liquor to
their work with them. A man at the head
of a large factory Informed the lecturer
that it was not uncommon for girls to
brir.p bottles cf whisky with them to the
factory hidden away in their stockings. —
Philadelphia Times.
Soldier Charged With Theft.
Cor.rad TCkers. a convalescent soldier
formerly of the Twentieth Regiment, now
stationed at Manila, was last night ar
rested by officers Fr^l .'tnd Hraig on Vu
*«? street and charged with petty lar
ceny fet the California-street station. In
company with two ether soldiers Kkers
visi'ed a house at 510 Dupont street, ana
while there purloined a pin valued at S.5.
He was afterward searched by the officers
and the stolen property found in his hat.
Fresno Rate Case Postponed.
Whc-n Judge Bahrs called the Southern
Pacific Railroad contpmpt case yesterday
morning he was' officially informed by At
torney General Ford that a writ of pro
hibition had been granted by the Supreme
Court on Saturday. Judge Bahrs ordered
that the case be stricken off the calendar
without date, and before the matter can
be nje^in taken up final Judgment by the
Supreme Court must be entered.
A Mammoth Watch.
A feature of the St. Louis Fair in"lSV>3
will be a mammoth watch. It will He on
its back, will have a polished metal case,
just like the ordinary watch, and will be!
so large end roomy that people will be
able to walk around in it among the mov
ing wheel?. It will be nearly seventy-five
feet In diameter and more than forty feet
hish. with a neat little stairway running
all about in it. r.nd all the wheels properly
protected so that no one can be hurt or
have his clothes Boiled. The balance wheel
will weigh a ton, and what Is called the
"hair spring" in a watch will be as thick
as a man's wrist. It will take about tw>
minutes for the balance wheel to swing 5
around and back again. It will be pivoted
on two enormous agate blocks— substitutes
for diamonds— and will be made of brass
One of the greatest difficulties will be in
petting a balance spring of the size and
strength that can stand tho strain and
keep its elasticity. The mainspring of
course, will be an enormous affair, some
what more than 300 feet In length.
miles, and has a sea front of something
like two and a half miles, forming a wall
of ice 2M to 3TK) feet high above water and
750 feet below water. From this wall of
Ice 45,000 tons of Ice used to drop into the
s°a every minute, or 200.000 cubic feet In a
day. Tho whole -front for a mile back
has. it is said, been cast into the sea by
the earthquake.
None Like Them Here or Abroad.
Three extraordinary idols of brass have
just arrived in Liverpool from India. The
weight of each figure is about 1800 pounds
and they are most wonderfully and bril
llantlv made. One of the figures stands*
nine t"ct high, nn^ther six feet and one is
in a reclining position, with the head rest-
Ing on the hand. This last is the largest
of" the three, measuring nearly ton f<?*t.
They are the property of William Cross
of menagerie fame, who claims that no
similar relics are possessed by any mu
seum or by any private individuals in
Europe or America. — London Echo.
Wanted No Congratulations.
The late Duke of Westminster or.ee re
ceived when at Stack, in West Suther
land, a telegram from a friend expressing
a hone thnt the Duftr's horse would win a
certain big race. The Duke had Z* shil
lings to pay for the carriage of the tele
gram from the nearest office. He in
stantly wrote his thanks for the atten
tion, adding, however, that his friend
need not trouble to write again If the
horse won. The friend at or.ee tele
graphed in reply. "All right." which cost
the Duke 3'"* shillings more. The horse
did win the race, and his Grace netted
£10.000: but it la doubtful if he ever for
gave his friend the little joke which had
cost him £3.— London Mail.
Fossil Monstsr Found.
Another grim reminder of that wonder
ful fnr-off age when the mastodon, the
ichthysauras, the psysoldactyle, and vari
ous other creatures of hideous mien and
unpronouncable name«* cavorted through
the unpeopled solitudes of this earth. h;i5
been brought to light on the sea coast of
Chile. The creature was found near Cal
dera, a seaport of Chili, on August 2S. 1<£>.
lying In a sunken rock, where it had prob
ably been covered with sand for untold
centuries The animal seems to have
been a cross between a lizard and an al
ligrator. It is believed to weigh about s"ix
tons, and is 2S feet 11 Inches iong. The
head alone is nine feet long. Acro3s the
back it measures 9 feet 3 Inches. The
creature is well preserved as a fossil and
Its structure can be clearly traced. It
was boxed up and removed to Valparaiso,
where It Is now on exhibition. — Leslies
Weekly.
SOLD AS A SLAVE.
A Before the War Story of th.e Scheme
of Two Cubans to Raise Money.
Two gray-haired men met in the hotel
lobby and "with every evidence of deUsjni
at the meeting shook hands and forthwith
adjourned to the potation department.
"There's a story goes with that, said
the clerk to the rt-porter, jerking his head
over toward the retreating figures, 'ana (
if you will ask your coaenman to hitch
vour wagon to a star for a few brier mo
ments I'll give you the particulars as nar
rated to me tnis morning by the elder
party, who preceded his friend hither by
some eighteen hours.
"They are Cubans, as you may have in
ferred from their dark complexions, pro- i
ceeded the clerk. "The name of the oider ,
one is Mendez, and of the younger Guar- !
dia. and they have lived in the I • nlt<?<l |
States for the past twenty years. While
they lived in Cuba they were accustomed
to visit this country every two or three
vears, having a business connection in
New York. This was before the Civil
War and traveling was not in those days
what it Is now. Still, they had money
and expense was no great object to them.
They used to come hither on any old ship i
that might be sailing when they were j
ready to start, there being no regular
lin.-s. and they would land in New Or
leans or Savannah or Charleston, as it
might happen, and sometimes thev would ]
get a ship sailing direct to New York.
* -'Once, and this is where the Ptory
comes In. they were delayed in New Or- ¦
leans for two weeks and ran out of j
money. They didn't know anybody well j
enough to boVrow from, and they did not
want to write to their New York friends
If thev could devise any other scheme
whereby they might be saved. Finally
Mr Mendez evolved a brilliant Idea,
which was that Guardia should blacken
himself a little more than nature had
done for him and let Mendez sel! him as
a darky. Guardia thought H would be a
grent jok*. and they waited for n chance.
"Mendez Had a friend down along the
sugar coast somewhere, fifty or slxty
mlles from the city, and he asked him if
he could go down and spend a few days
with him. Of course such a request was
onlv too gladly answered In the affirma
tive and Mendez was invited to come and
stay three or four years If he wanted to.
Thev had money enough to buy two round
trip* tickets on the steamboat going that
war, and when the boat landed at Men
dez's friends plantation he went ashore,
followed by a darky body servant carry
ing his luggage. The body servant, it ,ls
hardly necessary for me to explain,
Guardia. fixed up for the occasion on the
boat as they came along.
"Mendez was received with open arms,
but poor Gutirdia had nothing to do except
to take his place in the quarters of the
real thing, and when he went into the b'.g
house to look after his master in his room
lie kicked like a steer and wanted to show
his hand; but Mendez pictured to him how
neoPSS ary it was for them to get funds
and this was the only way on earth for
them to do it. Guardia submitted, but he
did not stop kicking whenever the oppor
tunity offered. It was no 1oke to him. but
Mendez thoroughly enioyed the situation
and lost no opportunity to order his body
servant around like a tyrant of ancient
Rome.
"After a visit of four or five days, which
Mendez on loved a preat deal more than
Guardia did." he concluded to return to
New Orleans, and ordered Guardia to
pack up his traps. The boat came by In
the mornlnp. nnd the evening before Jlen
dpz. In a conversation with his host, re
ferred to his body-servant as a likely boy.
but said that he did not want to taT<e him
to New York with him. a?« he was trouble
pome to travel with and was expensive
without being especially necessary. Guar
dia. It seems, had made a fairly Rood Im
pression, and when his master spoke of
maklne some disposition of him other
than takinp him alons with him the host
made a proposition to buy him. Mendez
hesitated about selling him. but finally
agreed to let him jro for $1200. The host
objected to the fieures, but brought Guar
dla In for inspection. After looking him
over, duriner which operation Guardia
heard himself discussed in a more per
sonal manner than he had ever previously
experienced, he made an offer of 51000 for
him. spot cash. A thousand dollars was
about a thousand times as much money
as both friends had at their command,
and after a f*»w minutes' more hlpplinR
Mendez accepted the offer and took a
ch^ck for the amount on a New Orleans
bank.
"That nipht in the room of the masler
they tried to devise plan? of escape foi
Guardla. but could arrive at none, and
they parted the next day with an under
standing that Guardia must look out for
himself as best he could. Their parting
at the boat. Mr. Mendez says, was on©
of the moat pathetic incidents of his
whole life, and hroutrht tenrs fo all eyes,
and especially Guardia's. for if ever any
body was in a hole he was. Mendez left
on the boat promising to repeat the de
lightful visit on his way back to Cuba if
he came that wav, and four days latei |
he wa"t joined In New Orleans by his late
body servant.
"Guardia's story of his escape from
bondage was very simple. He had b«en
sent to the little town about three miles
from the plantation on an errand the
day after Mendez had pone, and wor»
under his servant's risr a suit of his own
clothes. In the town he scrubbed al> the
color off himself, put on his own
clothes and appeared at the little tavern
THE f.fth week of the Henry Miller
season at the Columbia Theater
opened most auspiciously last even
ing with "His Excellency the Gov
*>rr:or," a sparkling farcical romance, in
three acts, by R. Marshall.
The plot !s of the slightest. The unex
pected visit of an English government of
ficial, with ht* sister and charming daugh
ter, to the bachelor quarters of his Ex
cellency the Governor In a lone Island cf
her Majesty in the Indian Ocean forms
the basis of the play. The time of the
aforesaid visit, occurring as it does dur
irg the Feascn of the f.owfrir.g of the
sJoes— the midsummer madness season in
"Amar.daland" — furr.ishes the complica
tion?. A supposed uprising of the natives.
In reality a demonstration of welcome to
the rppresentative of the great white
Queen, further complicates and affords
a<1ir.:rable fun at the expense of
comic officialdom.
The flowering of the aloes is responsible
for it all. The yellow pollen that is flying
:r. clouds with every breeze is said by the
natives to possess the properTiep of a love
potion. His Excellency the Governor ex
presses doubts on the subject, until temp
tation arrives in the shape of Miss Carl
ton, the English official's daughter, and j
then the re^t o* the evening Is devoted to j
an r-xp^siti'-'r. <":f the pt-cullar potency of !
th« deadly powder.
Mr. Marshall has succeeded in giving us |
a piece of m<~>st rare and excellent fool- :
ing— a thorooxbly wholesome specimen of I
English humor at its best. The situations !
are deliriously absurd, delightfully unex- ]
pected ar.d wholly original. The dialogue j
is cri^p and bright and sparkling with j
epigram. Here are a few glints one re
rr.err.ters arnid the swarm:
"One may shrink inwardly— like a wal
::u: "
"Wrinkles are the diary of a woman —
in cipher."
"Propriety is a curtain we a!l peer be
h:r.* •
Ard so <->n all the way through. Ills Ex
cellency Sir Montague Martin, etc.. was I
friv^r a thoroughly pleasing rendering by I
E. J. Morgan.' Charles Walcot was an i
excellent Ene!ish M. P.. most amusing j
urder the influence of aloes. William i
Courtenay's Captain Carew was well I
given, his love-making hefng distinctly \
jrood. But th» bright particular star for |
th* evening was undoubtedly Frank i
Worthing, the painfully conscientious, !
deadly literal, absolutely unhumorousEr.g- I
l'fhman. His John Vaverstock. a beaut!- j
fully absurd conception, af-solutely hangs !
together every thread of it. The rest of i
the masculine roles were all well taken, j
indeed by Earl Brown. E. Y. Backus.
Frark E. Lamb and others.
Of the laciies of the cast Miss Mart 'rut
Mrs. Thcnias Whlffen and Miss Grace Kl
llston all did full justice to their fine op
portunities. M!=s Martinet's uncomforta
ble cou«!n to be. Excellency, was a
jr<->od es might be. Mrs. Whiff <yi" was a de
lightful sister of authority, and Miss El
liston wns a pretty ingenue She hardly
shows quite the absolute absorption In her
part, the unconsciousness of audience,
that the re«t r>f the company exhibited.
The »xrel!«r.t audience went home in high
pood humor with ir=«"-lf and all trie world,
and while "His Kxceilency the Governor"
is receiving at rh* Columbia it i<= safe to
phorhesy a crowd to partake of his hu
morous hospitality.
California.
"Rush City," presented by Dunne &
Workmen to Picnic at Los Gates
% Th" I^.gep of the Ancient Ord>--r of
T'rited Workmen in San .Francisco and j
vicinity hav<» completed arrangements for j
the!r annual reunion and picnic to be hei.; |
at Los Gate? Park to-morrow. A One j
programme "f frames has been arranged
sad two hundred valuable prize* will be j
distributed. Trains will leave Third ami |
Towrisend streets at 9:15 a. m., stopping
at Valencia Ftroet. San Mafo and Red
wood City. A delegation from Pan Jose
will be r<ir.v»>-.-H to the park in tally-hos.
the curtain on their sketch, but the
silence told of its effect and was compli
mentary to the players, for "A Passing
Fancy" l« based on a tragedy of human
emotions. John Donohue and Miss Mat
tie Xlchcls. acrobatic comedians, com
plete an entertaining bill.
Tivoli.
TWing and his merry comrades are
crowding the TIvoll Opera-house and the
second week, which began last night, is
likely to be bigger. In point of attendance.
than was the first one. The Tivoli. next
Monday night, enters on its annual grand
opera season, the bill for the opening
week consisting: of "Aida" and "Lucia."
In "Aida." which is to be sung on Mon
day. Wednesday. Friday and Saturday
nights, the cast will Introduce Signors
Avedano, Salassa. Alessandro. Nlcollni,
William Schuster and Miss Anna Lichter.
while in "Lucia," the bill for Tuesday.
Thursday. Sunday nights and Saturday
matinee, the cast Includes Signors
Gulseppe, Ferrari. Domenicn Russo and
Signora Italia Repetto, the "Italian
Melba." It is an easy matter to predict
thru the Tlvolis grand opera season will
be a brilliant one, judging from the list
of lyric artists who are to appear.
Grand Opera House.
"The Great Ruby" began its second
week at the Grand Opera-house last even
ing. There is every prospect that it will
be continued for two or three weeks
longer. The attendance for Monday even-
Ing was fairly pood, especially in the up
per part of the house. Much admiration
was expressed for the excellence of the
scenery and settings. The company, which
consists of about three dozen people, has
Us lines well in hand and from beginning
to end the ptory of the loss and recovery
of the great ruby was told without a
hitch or falter. Beerbohm Tree's great
London success, "The Red Lamp," is in
preparation.
Tisher's Concert House.
The now programme at Fischer's Con
cert House is crowded with novelty this
week. Mae Tunison. a soprano with a
pure and well cultivated voice, scored an
artistic success last night. James E.
Nichols, a local tenor, made his profes
sion;! 1 debut and was well received, in the
"Spirito Oentil" from "Favorlta." Daisy
Bishop, a clever soubrette, was new. aa
was also William Westin. who extracts
sweet music from finger bowls and gob
lets. Violet Johnson, the talented young
violinist, interpreted the first movement
from DeBeriot's Seventh Concerto and
Bach's Barcarolle. Deet3 and Don, the
novelty duo. reappeared, and the new
moving pictures were interesting. The
house was crowded.
Chutes.
Olympia.
At the Chutes last night La LIsta ap
peared in spectacular dances. Green way
did some clever juggling; William How
and did a comedy musical act; the Bartons
sang new songs; the Ogdens appeared In
a new sketch; the untamable lion act
and new moving pictures make a rood
bill.
Professor Conradi's living statuary is
still the chief attraction at the Olympia.
and the large attendance last night at
tested to the general excellence of the
wholo bill.
Swallowed Laudanum.
Elva Peiz'r. a girl 10 years of age living
at 914 1-3 Harrison street, quarreled with
her mother yesterday morning and In a fit
of bad temper swallowed half an ounce
of laudanum. She was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital and it was several hours
before she was pronounced out of danger.
Ph» was at a dance in Teutonia Hall Sun
day night, which was the cause of the
quarrel.
Ryley's comedians, kept another large
audience in a roar of laughter for two
hours and a half last night. The rough
points of the Sunday performance were
smoothed over. which. paradoxical
though it may fcem, made things go with
much more apparent jar and friction
than before. The cyclone, got into good
working order ar.d Rush City was blown
to Cactusvflle in brief and brisk fashion.
Sherrie Mathews as John J. Rush keeps
the excitement going for three acts and
he is ably seconded in his work by Har
ry Bulger as the rain maker. The rest of
the big company fill well their allotted
parts.
Alcazar.
"The Country Girl," a comedy written
by William Wycherley over two centuries
ago, was produced at the Alcazar Thea
ter last night. The house was crowded
with en audience that appreciated to the
utmost the tvit. humor and bits of de
lightful comedy that scintillated through
out the three acts of this old play. The
plot is simple. An old man wno la jruard
•an to a young, unsophisticated country
fj:rl wants to marry her for her fortune.
If she marries without his consent she
lose? the fortune. She falls in love with a
modest ynung gallant, who is hated by
the old guardian. She wins the const-Tit
of her guardian by a. subterfuge, weds the
man of her choice and retains her for
tune. Mies Florence Roberts as Peggy,
the simple country girl, played th» part
with charming ingenuousness and realism.
Every point was brought out with a nat
uralness find ease that won for her the
enthusiastic applause of the large audi
ence. The park scene; where she appears
in boy's clothes, was one of the finest bits
of comedy that could be imagined. Her
innocence and impulsiveness and "cod
dling" ways stamped her as an artist of
the first rank in light comedv. She was
admirably eupiwrted by Theodore Roberts
a* the jealous, gr;:n* old guardian. Moody,
and by White Whittlesey as BelvMe. her
young lover. Clarence Montaine as
Sparkish. a senseless young fop in love
with AUthea. Moody's sister, and Edwin
T Emery as Harcourt, a cousin of Bel
ville. also in love with Alithea. added ma
terially to the success of the piece. Miss
Lorena Atwood ss Aiithea deserves a
word of praise, as she played the part
with grace and dignity. George P. Web
ster as Old Will ar.d Marie Howe as Lucy
had lit»le to d8. but did that little well.
The play should have a long run.
Orpheum.
Jessie Fadeham. who is billed under the
pimple title. "California songstress. " is
receiving the honors at the Orpheum this
week. This vocalist has not occupied a
considerable portion of the public's atten
tion until recently. If the generous re
ception she received last evening, how
ever, can be reMM upon as more than
the transient fancy of a. pleased audi
ence, her future will a?sure>jlv be envi
able. Joe J. Sullivan and Carrie Webber,
who appeared in Blanche Marsd^n's far
cfUc. "The Janitor." can also be counted
among the attractions of this week's' bill.
A new feature in the terpslchorean field
is presented bv Mazie King. The elec
trical effects that lend additional charm
to her graceful dancing are new and ef
fective. Etta Butler, a clever mimic—
'n fact an actress of ability, though she
rnses solely as a mimic— madf» a lasting
Impression with the audience. Miss Lil
lian Rurkhart. assisted by Frederick
I-each. appeared in "A Passing Fancy."
But little applause followed the fall o?
were installed by Deputy Grand Com
panion Mrs. L. Atwood in public, after
which there was an evening of entertain-
The officers of Robin Hood Circle, Com
panions of the Forest of America, were
installed by Mrs. Emma Harrington. D
G C C assisted by Mr?. Mugler. Trie
ceremony was followed by the presenta
tion of a ring of turquoise in a dlamotiL
circlet to Mrs. Miller, the retiring chief
companion, and a richly framed certifi
cate to Mrs. L. Atwrod, the retlrlns junior
past chief companion. There were pre
sent manv visitors, who addressed the
circle, after which refreshments were
? Mr?. Helena Worms. D. G. C. C. assist
ed bv Grand Sub Chief Miss Alice Ticou
let as grand marshal, installed the offi
cers of Lorely Circle of the Companions
of the Forest'of America in public. Mrs.
M. Pape, the retiring past chief com
panion, was presented a jewel of her
rank in the order.
with a valise he had bought on his new
master's credit, lie stayed in his room
during the day to prevent suspicion anil
slept there that night until 4 o'clock In
the morning, when he slipped out and
cut across the country tc> catch the boat
at an upper landing above the scene of
his late captivity. What Mendez"* friend
was thinking about the losu of his newly
body servant he could r.ot say.
"Neither could Memi«-z. arni to prevent
accidents or any (M.^a^reeable f-xplana
tlons, the two friends got en the rirst
boat up the Mississippi and left New Or
leans, huvlr.e about Jt«>> between thettt,
after debts had b'-er. paid. Th«»y fol
lowtd the water cournes up as far a!»
Pittsharg an<i went ther.ee to N*"w York
by the usual mode of travel th«n pre
vailing, part of which was stage and part
railroad. Arrived In New York, they at
once prepared a letter o? the most con
trite apnlosry to the late host of Mr. Men
dez. and master of Ouardia. and inclosed
a draft for the thousand do!'.ar3 paid for
Mendez"s body servant, with enough ex
tra change to pay for the valise and
Guardia's hotel bill. They were a hi:
nervous over the effect of the Joke on
the planter, but ht- was the riRht kind
of a man, and wrote bark offering Men
dez J106J3O for Guardia."— New York Sun.
Miller Company Presents an Enjoyable Play at
the Columbia -"The Country Girl" at the
Alcazar Scores^ Hit.
"HIS EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR"
IS A RARE PIECE OF CLEVERNESS
Installations and presentations to retir
ing officers occupied the attention of a
large number of the fraternal organiza
tions of this city during the past week.
The following named have been install
ed as officers of Jubilee Rebekah Lodge:
Minnie F. Dobbins, Junior past noble
grand; Christine Anderson, noble grand;
Clara Gunsales, vice grand; Alice Hall,
recording secretary: Gtibrielle Cress,
financial secretary; Ida Match, treasurer.
Alter the installation Mrs. Addle Ballou
on behalf of the lodge presented to the
retiring noble grand. Mrs. Dobbins, a
magnificent, richly embroidered regalia,
and Mrs. Helen Peterson in a pleasant
speech presented an enblematic jewel set
with diamonds to Mrs. Lizzie Stanton, the
tetirlng past grand.
During the week District Deputy Grand
Master Workman Gus Pohlman installed
the olncers of the following named lodges
of the Ancient Order of United Workmen:
Memorial, 174; Triumph, Isu; Friendship,
179, and Burns, 63. in Triumph Lodge
after the ceremonies there was a smoker
for members and friends. After the in
stallation in Uurns Lodge the Installing
officer on behalf of the lodge presented a
very tine ornamental clock to Charles W.
Edwards, the retiring master workman.
Alta Lodge, A. O. L\ W., presented a
past 'master's badge to the retiring past
master workman.
Yerba Buena Lodge, A. O. U. W., in
recognition of the faithful services of its
retiring master workman. F. W. Bain,
presented him with a costly emblematic
badge.
Eureka Valley Lodge, A. O, U. W., pre
sented to J. D. Scrimers, its retiring
master workman, a gold watch cbarni,
diamond studded.
The following named have been install
ed as the officers of Harmony Lodge of
the A. O. I". W., for the current term:
Thomas Ryan. P. M. W. ; James M
Foley, M. W. ; William J. Condon, F. ;
Frank A. Worden, O.- D. McSweeney, R.;
E. A. Smith, Fin.; L. Johnson, Rec'v.;
P. J. Foley Jr.. G.; Oskar Martin, I. \\\;
Thomas J. Foley Sr., O. W.
After the ceremonies there was the pre
sentation of a costly emblematic charm
to Thomas Ryan, the retiring master
workman, and addresses by Walter Mal
loy. secretary of the San Francisco ex
tension committee, Special Deputy Ilaw
ley and others.
The following named were Installed by
District Deputy Grand President John
Porcher as the officers of Mission Parlor:
Del B. Bowley. P. P.; F. H. Tibbits. P.;
E. E. Girzlkowsky, H. L. Maass and H.
Koch, V. P's.; Dr. M. E. Atkins, M.; H.
L. Hartman, F. S.; G. W. Long. R. S. :
F. C. Gerdes, T. ; E. Leavy and Frank II.
Mills, trustees; II. A. Belay, I. S.; W.
Cohen, O. S.; Dn». J. A. Black and M. E.
Atkins, surgeons.
Following the installation thero was the
presentation by George P. Xeppert in be
half of the parlor of a past president"'*
badge to Del B. Bowley, the retiring past
president.
Deputy Grand President James O. Gara
installed the following as officers of Cali
fornia Parlor No. 1 ot the Native Sons of
the Golden West:
Louis Lacaze. P. P.: William D. Hobro
Jr., P.; J. F. Linehan. \V. E. Rowlands
and E. Myron Wolf, V. P's.; Charles
Janes, M.; Henry F. Pernau, T. ; Frank
B. Ryan, R. S.; B. F. Hanlon. F. S.; R.
H. Morao. trustee.
After Installation E. Myron Wolf on
behalf of the parlor presented a gold and
diamond badge to Romburg Jansen, the
retiring past president.
F. S. Grant of Wheatland has installed
the following named officers of Rainbow
Parlor, N. P. G. W., at Wheatland:
N. H. Neimeyer, P. P.; F. E. Farns
worth. P.; J. H. Stelnman, E. Lennell and
H. 11. Holllngshead. V. Ps.: Harry Little.
M.; L. L. Kunerer. R. S. ; II. T. Grant. F.
S.; J. E. biackford. T.; J. McKlnnoy, o.
S. ; F. F. Baun, I. S.; C. F. Grant, surgeon.
The officers of I*a Estrella Parlor, N.
V>. G. W., were Installed by Mrs. Agnes
Lunstedt, D. D. G. P., assisted by Past
Grand Presidents Mrs. Lena II. Mills and
Mrs. Mary E. Tillman. Miss C. Hilke of
San Joaquln Parlor. Mesdames Estee and
Hamilton of Buena Vista Parlor, Miss
Rosa Dav, past grand marshal, and .Mrs.
C. Day of Orinda Parlor. The Installing
officer after the ceremonies presented the
retiring president. Miss J. Vasselin. with
a beautiful diamond ring from the parlor,
and in return the Installing deputy was
presented a bunch of carnations. This was
followed by dancing, musical selections
and the serving of refreshments.
District Deputy Mrs. Mary Meyers, as
sisted bv Mrs. Emma Gruber Foley. in
stalled the officers of Oro FIno Parlor, and
at the close of the installation Ml?s Uzzie
Henrix. the past president, was presented,
as a token of affection and appreciation
from her fellow members, a beautiful
four-leafed clover with a diamond in the
center. The work of the evening was fol
lowed by a social hour and a collation.
After the Installation of the officers of
Calaveras Parlor, "the beauty parlor" of
the Native Daughters of th» Golden West
of San Francisco, bv Mrs. Lunstedt. D. D.
G. P.. assisted by Miss Emma Muller as
grand marshal. Miss Lizzie Wrede. past
president, was presented a token of love
and affection In the form of a beautiful
circular pin having in the center a dia
mond-studded lily. After the ceremony
Ice cream was served to the members and
visitors.
District Deputy Grand President Mrs.
Agnes Lunstedt installed the officers of
Buena Vista Parlor and at the termination
of the ceremony Mrs. Eva Sheeline on
behalf of the parlor, presented to Mrs.
Lucia Lee Neubarth. the retiring presi
dent, a sunburst diamond set pin in roco.s;
nitio'n of services while in the chair. Mrs.
Neubarth. who is a fluent and eloquent
speaker, feelingly responded to the kind
words spoken.
The following named officers of Myrtle
Lodge of the Knights of Pythias were in
stalled in public in Pythian Castle: Oliver
Powell, C. C; A. D. Codington. V. C;
\V A. Richardson, P.: A. Hoffman. M. of
W.; C. \V. Nevin. M. of E.; V. C. Post,
M. of F.: C. S. Hoffman, K. of R. and S. ;
J. J. Olsen. M. of A,; I. Lenet, I. G., and
R. Young, O. G. , .
After the ceremony the large number of
ladies and gentlemen enjoyed a hop until
midnight. It was Intended to present a
past grand chancellor's gold and diamond
Jewel to H. R. Arndt, the junior past
prand chancellor, but he was unable to be
present, so the jewel was handed to him a
few days later without ceremony.
The following named have been installed
as the officers of Golden Gate Lodge of
the' K. of P.:
Henrv Borneman. P. C. ; S. Isaac, C. : A.
Samuels, V. C. ; Dr. Bachmar.n, P.; A.
Oppcnhelmer. M. of E. ; David Lewis. M.
of F.; F. J. McCready. K. of R. and 3.;
B. Schiff. I. G.: R. Heinrichs, O. G.
The following named were installed by
Deputy Grand Chancellor Hugh Lundie
for Mars Lodge of the K. of P.:
D E. Marcy. C. C: D. W. Collins. V. C.
A. J. Cadwallader, P.: E. A. Merritt. M.
of W ; K. G. Barton. M. of E.; A. J. Mor
rison M. of F.; M. H. Beach. K. of R.
and S.; A. Vollgny. M. at A.; T. Lloyd. I.
G.: W. Hart. O. G.
The following named officers of San
Francisco Tent of the Knights of the
Maccabees have been installed by State
Commander S. W. Hall:
Commander, E. H. Stephens; command
er Alex Bowne; lieutenant commander,
\V' H. Thompson; record keeper, Thco
Frollch: finance keeper. H. II. Castle;
chaplain. F. Sutton: sergeant. John Samp
son: master^ at arms. Frank Sampson;
first master of jruards. Frank Llmpach;
second master of guards. Charles II. Van
Orden: sentinel, T. J. Harris; picket, W.
B. Greenberg.
Court Stanford of the Foresters of
America has had the following named In
stalled as Its officers for the current term:
Past chief ranger. Louis J. Klein: ch'ef
ranger. Dr. M.Neumann; sub chief ranger,
Frank L. Noriega; treasurer, H. M. Saund
ers; financial secretary, S. Gardner; re
cording secretary, G. A. Trautner; senior,
woodward, Charles Pries; junior wood-'
ward, Joseph F. Lycette; senior beadle.
Eugene M. Levy; junior beadle, D. Atkin
son; trustees, Leo Jantzsch, R. Boesneck
er and J. Callaban.
The officers of Inter Nos Circle of the
Companions of the Forest of America
A Week of Activity, Duty and Pleas
ure in Many of the Fraternal
Organizations in This x
I City.
Numerous Presentations to
Officials Retiring From
Duty.
NEW OFFICERS
ARE INSTILLED
INTO STATIONS
THE Grand Jury filed three indict
ments with Judge Bahrs yesterday—
one for Chretien, one for Latner and
one for Hansted. Rogers was not
mentioned except in the secret delibera
tions of the jury, but his case has not
been dropped.
In addition to the indictments filed the
District Attorney reported to the court
that Rogers had declined to answer ques
tions put to him, and he asked the court
to take cognizance of the matter. Judje
Bahrs was inclined to look upon the ques
tions asked as an attempt on the part of
the jury to compel Rogers to testify
against himself, but the District Attor
ney declared that the jurors wanted in
formation from Rogers about the other
persons mixed up in the rase, but that he
declined to furnish even what informa
tion he had about persons other than him
self. In fact, he would tell the jury noth-
Judge Bahrs finally decided he would
look into the matter, and to-day he will
confer with the District Attorney and per
haps render his opinion. In the mean
time Roger? will have a respite before the
jurv
The Indictment filed against Chretien
charges him with obtaining money under
false pretenses, the charge being- particu
larly based upon the $500 he received from
Rauer after Kauc-r had taken the debtpf
$150 and his $150 out of the $S>X> check. The
Grand Jury is not finished with Chretien
yet and at Its session next Friday it is
probable that at least one more indict
ment will be tiled against him, the charge
being forgery.
Charles L.atner was indicted for fel
ony to wit. receiving money by falseiy
personating another and in an assumed
character." The charge Is based upon the
fact that Latner received tTjO from Kauer
on the transfer of the estate, ¦while at the
same time he knew th« money was sup
posed to be delivered to the true heir of
Joseph Sullivan.
F"red Hansted. or "Dutehy." is charged
¦with "felony, to wit. making and uttering
a fictitious Instrument In writing for pay
ment of money." This charge is based
on the fact that Hansted signed the re
ceipt and assignment of the estate to
Raurr as a witness. In the case3 of Lat
ner and Har.stefl, it was explained by the
District Attorney, it was not r.eces^ary
that it should b*> proved that either man
actuallv rt-ceived any money or uttered
the fraduient Instrument?: it is only nec
essary that it be shown they were all
principals in the crime. Each one could
have Leen Indicted on any one of half a
dozen different charge", but It was deem
ed most advisable to indict them first on
separate charges, and then If the evi
dence brought out at the trials warrant
it they can be indicted on others.
Bench warrants were issued upon each
of the three indictment?, and the bail in
each case v.as pot at $10,000 bonds.
When the indictments had been filed and
the warrants issued they were turned
over to the nolice to frrvc. There was
no trouble in" serving Chretien, for he is
already in jail. The United States Dis
trict Attorney will be appealed to to ex
tradite Hansted. who Is In Nome, and
Latr.er will be dug up somehow. Captain
Seymour says. Hi? whereabout? is not
known at present, but Seymour says he
can find him.
The Grand Jury al?o took up the matter
of the hiring of private detectives by
Chlo* of Police Sullivan. He employed
them to watch his patrolmen ana paid
them from the police fun'ls. The Grand
Jury will make a thorough investigation
of t'ha virhnif nffalr
Rogers Escapes Temporarily, but His Refusal to
Answer Questions Will Be Considered
To-Day by Judge Bahrs.
The Inquisitors Return True Bills
Against Chretien, Hansted
and Latner.
GRAND JURY INDICTS
THREE OF THE GANG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 1900.
Millions of Passsngers.
7
SUTRO BATHS
OPEX NIUHTS. .
Open Dally From 7 a. m. f> U P. m.
Bathinr from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m_
ADMISSION l'V?. CHILDREN. 5c.
Ea:hicg. Including admission £c. Children, Do.
"THE ALLIED FORCES" OF VAUOEViLLE.
SUI.LTVAX AND WEBCER: MAZIE KING:
WILLIAMSON AND STONE: DONAHUE
AND NICHOLS: fHLRERT AND GOLDIE.
AMERICAN BIOORAPH.
Showing th<* Durninc North O«rman Lloyd
JESSIE PADCHAW,
ETTA BUTLER,
and last tcofk of Miss LILLIAN BURKHART.
Reserved !»*at.*. Sc; fcatconr, 10c: opera chairs
ami box spat*. Me. -
Matir.e** WedwsUay. Saturday ar.d Surular.
FISCHER'S co ? d c^ R Z^£ USE -
DEBTS AND DON; MAE TUNISON: DAI3Y
BISHOP: JA1IFS E. NirHOLS: VIOLET
JOHNSON; WESTIN. th- Man of Id) Faces,
arui NEW MOVING PICTURE*
MATINEE SUNDAY. Reserved Peata. Sc
THE T-SUAI, CROWDED HOITK
Last Nlicht F.njny».l th» r.imic Or*»ra.
WANG!
Evenings at S. Mat!n»e Saturday at 1
SPECIAL!— Next Monday Begins
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON
SEATS ON SALE SEVEN DATS AHEAD!
R<rert<Mre. First W»»k. "AIDA' 1 and
"LUCIA."
roplXAR PRICKS S; ar.d i*s
T»!ej>hon<? Bu?h 0.
is Mrs* Pinkham* Her
great correspondence is
under her own super-
vision*
Every woman on tliis
continent should under-
stand that she san write
freely to Mrs* Pinkham
shout her physical con-
dition because ftlrs* Pink-
ham is
and because Mrs* Pink-
ham never violates con-
fidence and because she
knows more about the ills
of women than any other
person fa this country*
Lydia E* Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound has
cured a million sick wo-
men* Every neighbor-
hood, almost every
family, contains women
relieved of pain by this
great medicine*
EY3iiingsat8:l5. Sa?. Mat, at2:!5.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Su; ported by WHITE WHITTLESHT in til*
Charming Flay.
THE
Sp*"-ial Er*a?<?uj<»nt THEODORE ROBERTS.
=:K— ROMEO A.VP JULIET.
NEXT wt
7/alter Morosco.. Sole Lesae« aad Marker
SECOND WEEK OF
THE GREAT RUBY!
UNANIMOUSLY PRONOUNCED BT THE
TRES3 THE GREATEST PRODUCTION
EVER WITNESSED HERE.
Brar.eh Ticket OfT.ce, Emporium,
PItlCES — TZc. 5Cc. 25<?. 15e
SATURDAY MATINEE— COc. Toe. 13c. 10c
AMUSEMZirrS.
FIFTH WEEK OF THE
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
MATIXEES WEDNESDAY ANT* BATCKOAX.
First Ti.T.e H*re of th<> New Y.rk Lyceum
Theater Buc««*
"HIS EXCELLENCY.
the GOVERNOR."
A Farcical Romans by P.. Marsha'?.
This ThursJav Afternoon aruf Sun.Jay Nierlt.
S^-on.l S«rif.H BUTtTON IMUIKS LE-TVRES.
Publwt-'JAPAS REVIS5ITF.r>. - "
Lerture FriCf-3 »l. "-, : ¦ iri 2cc
NKXT V/KEK-HENRT SOLLEA IN*
OFFICERS."
THE QTTSTIO:: Ir»:
DO YOU CARE 10 HAVE A BIS UUGH?
IVIATHEW^and BULGER
And nT'NNt* & KVLKYS
- STAR CAST
RUSH CITY.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK-^NLT
MATINEE SATURDAY.
NFTXT SINI'AY N'MHT- Math-ws aivi Pu!-
k.'-t in th- Vau-levl!!e Opora. "tY THE SAD
FKA WAVES"
- " th!?. the latest ir1 m-vs*:
scientific treatment, w-3
hav* cur»<l huMr^s of ca.«^.
THE GEHMAN PHYSICIANS
Late From Eurfj*.
1019 MARKtT ST. X-Ray Experts.
Prot'eH<!ona> Advice Free.
A W^^^^^ already pre- Js
if ii^X pared preicnp- L
f\ X^3*»^>' t:cn-a met!:- J*
Jf cated cream that never fails to fe
• prove its efficiency. Ar.ita Cream >
71 has transformed hundreds of seem- p,
j ir.j!y ruined sk>.3. and ha3 made .
A them beautifur.y clear and spotless, j;
It draws a:: impurities to the sur- »y
*+ face, removes the outer cuticle in *•
w Inv'.sibiy small panicles ar.d re- 1/
"5 stores the rosy b'.ush of youth, v
Jl Freckle?, tan. moth blotches, plm- JJ
p>s, liver patches, muddir.ess ar.d j^
all other decolorations disappear £»
under the ir.r.uer.ce of Ar.'.ta Cream, v
*J The treatment is delightful, qtxtelc f*
Jj ar.d elective. AMta Cream cor.- J*
A talr.s no va«e!!r.9 o^ Inf radlent that
* will cause a growth of ha!r. #•
J For sale by your drusr^ist. If not. ?/
¦^ s;r.d us 50 cents for full size Jar <xr **
\1 2c for information ar.d a free sam- w
* p>. Ar.ita Cream & Tcilet Co., *•
y iCV Franklin St.. Lo« Angeles. Ca'..
SUFFERING WOMEN
_^ Affr tw»r.ty years' #x-
S|Mftjfiu*u^ perien.-e in the leading
,**»-w»*«vi-»«r".i ¦: -.i.--- ; • u ¦" ' '•' ir
5pJ^2l5i'i=?*J ¦ ' thl?lr »*rv»ces. Xf>
-a-j*ftJW£>tfjiC. matter how d.<?rava:*i
! Vi'i*' f~ ?7i { ) •" Rdit " A ' fcava
j JSE^J£j?J» Kg I, CONSUMPTION AS»
*-* j^=v'ir.-s=t-iH CANCER no li n-T
lj ffcSrlf! i 2s - dr*al disease. \V> »r»
f~lJj*il';i\**t- »• the only X-Iiav experts
- .I rn thi» "coa3t an'l under
ADVESTISEMEXTS.T7 T will be a surprise as well as a gen
uine pleasure to the numerous friends
II of H. C. Bush to hear that he has been
materially advanced in the calling in
which he has been so successful. Mr. Bush
has for years been general agent In the
freight department of the Santa Fe Com
pany in this city, but has tendered his
resignation of the position, to take ef
fect on August 1. if necessary arrange
ments can be made to admit of his depar
ture at that time without inconveniencing
the company. Mr. Bush's new position
will be that "of general agent for the Pa
cific Coast of the Colorado Midland Rail
way.
This line has been purchased jointly by
the Colorado and Southern and the Rio
Grande Western, both strong companies,
and it is intended that in future it shall
be an important factor in the distribution
of transcontinental traffic. In order to
be thoroughly "in the swim," the Colorado
Midland will open general offices In this
citv, over which Mr. Bush will preside
and it is a safe prediction that he will
see to it that his line gets an honest share
of the business. •'"•'?vi
Mr. Bush's long and varied career in the
railroad service of the coast makes him
an exceptionally strong man for the com-
pany that has employed him, and the offi
cials of the Midland are to be congratu
lated upon having added him to their al
ready distinguished staff. The gentleman
has been In the railroad business since
boyhood, beginning the life at Erie, Pa.,
on the Kmplre Fast Freight, In the early
'70's. Later he went to Denver and joined
the Rio Grande Railway Company, for
which he filled many Important positions.
His first experience on this coast was with
the original Transcontinental Freight As
sociation, when George W. Ristine was
commissioner. Just before that associa
tion went to pieces Mr. Bush entered the
employ of the Atlantic and Pacific fast
freight line as secretary to W. A. Bls
sell, then general agent. Afterward he
served as general agent, general freight
a.gent and assistant general freight and
passenger agent of the Atlantic and Pa
cific Railroad.
During the past six years Mr. Bush
has auiy filled the position of general
agent of the freight department of the
Santa Fe lines west of Albuquerque. He
is well known to railroad men throughout
the United States, and is generally con
ceded to be one of the brightest and best
informed men in the matter of freights
on the Pacific Coast. Furthermore, he is
one of the most popular men In the busi
ness. Mr. Bush's successor has not been
named.
0
XTEW GENEHAIi AGENT OF THE COLORADO MIDLAND.
Injunction proceedings taken to restrain
Chief of Police Sullivan from interfering
with the business of local poolsellers will
be heard in Judge Murasky'8 court
Wednesday next by Judge Shaw of Los
Angeles. When the case was called yes
terday Judge Shaw put the matter over
until the day named.
Poolroom Cases in Court.
James O'Brien,. Aged 11 Years, As
saulted by a Motorman of the
Ellis-Street Line.
James O'Brien, an 11-year-old newsboy,
was brutally assaulted by the motorman
of car 5C2 of the Ellis-street line last even
ing. Young O'Brien boarded the car. to
sell his papers, when the motorman,
whose name the police failed to ascertain,
struck him on the head with a switch
iron, inflicting an ugly wound.
A citizen who witnessed the assault took
the boy to Ayer's drugstore, at Eddy and
Leavenworth streets, where the cut In his
head was stitched. To-day he inteffls to
swear out a warrant for the arrest of the
rnotorman. ' .. ;:. . . ... -. .-¦¦
USED A SWITCH IRON
ON A NEWSBOY'S HEAD
SUMNER HARDY BEATEN".
Tennis Tournament.
H. I. Foster Springs a Surprise at
BROOKL.INE, Mass., July 23.— The qual
ity of tennis played at the tenth annual
tournament for the Longwood cup to-day
was high. Wrenn and "Ward and Lamed
and Allen played five set matches, full of
sharp rallies. Ward played the more bril
liant In his match, smashing and lobbing
beautifully. This style of game, however,
could not "win against Wrenn's steadiness.
Allen's strong point was cross-court
drives from the forehand.
The great surprise was the defeat of
Sumner Hardy by H. I. Foster. Hardy is
a Callfornian and was considered equal to
the best players in the East. To-day,
however, Foster clearly outplaj'ed him,
scoring many more played strokes. Foster
repeated the surprise by winning from
Paret in straight sets. Summary:
Preliminary round — B. F. Nourse beat A. F.
Brown by default; J. D. Reed beat E. A.
Clark Jr.. 8—6. 6—4, 6—1; Samuel Hardy beat
W. W. Jefferson. 6— 3, •0—2, 6—3; A. A. Fuller
beat A. H. Davis. 6—1. 6—1, 6—3; W. J.
Clothier beat II. II. Hackett. 6—3 and by de
fault; S. S. Wire beat O. H. Sargent by de
fault; R. D. Little beat K. Horton, 6—1. 6—13,
6— 1: O. L.. Wrenn Jr. beat H. Ward, 7—6. 4—6.
C— 3. 2—6, 8—6; L.. E. Ware beat S. P. Ware,
<^_ 3, 6—4, 6— J; A. 8. fMer beat B. F. Whtttf?
more, 5—7, 7—5. 9—11, 6—3, 6—4: F. B. Alexan
der beat R. McKlttrlck by default; W, A.
Lamed beat J. A. Allen, 6—2, 2— 6, 2— 6, 6—4,
7—5; J. P. I'aret beat P. P. Charples, 6—1.
6 — 4. 6 — S; H. I. Foster beat Sumner Hardy,
6—3, 6—3, 4-6. 6—4; J. H. Williams Jr. beat
B. F. Bouall. 6—4. 6—4, 4—6, 3—5, 6—3; H. L.
Ewer beat A. P. Hawes by default. ,
FIr?t round— D. F. Davis beat M. G. Chace.
6 — 4, 7—5. 6—4; A. Codman and E. H. Charle
ton (unfinished), 6—4, 6—4. 4-«. 6—3. 3—6; F.
Bradley beat It. Stevens by default; J. B.
Read beat J. B. Xourse, 6—2, 8—6, 6—2; R. IX
Little beat Samuel Hardy, 6 — 4, 6 — 1, 8 — 6; 'J.
Li. Wrenn Jr. beat A. F. Fuller, 6—0, 6—2, 6—5.
6—0- L. E. Ware beat W. R. Clothier, «— 3, 6—1,
6—3: H. E. Wise beat A. S. Pier. 4—6. 8— 0,
6—4, default; II. C. Foster beat J. P. Paret.
7_F, 7—5. 6—4; B. C. Wright beat J. C. Od
man. 6—1. 6—2, 6—1; I. C. WrtRht beat II. H.
Shaw byMefault; F. E. Barnard beat W. \V.
BinRham. 6-3. 6—1. 6—3.
Second round— B. C. 'Wright beat I. C.
"Wright, 6 — «, 6—1, 6—2.
CHESS TOURNAMENT.
Contest at Munich.
First Round in the International
MUNICH, July 23.— The congress of the
German Chess Association was formally
opened to-day. There are seventeen con
testants In the International tournament
namely: Pillsbury and Showalter of!
America. Burn of England, Janowskl of
France. Von Bardeleben. Von Gottschalk,
Cohn, Blllecard and Jakob of Germany;
Halprin, Berber, Schlesser, Marco, Wolf
and Popiel of Austria, and Marocszy of
Hungary. Owing to the withdrawal of
Tinsley of London play was delayed.
The results of the first round are:
Berger and Janowski, Marco and Pillg
bury and Showalter and Schlechter drew.
Gottschalk lost to Burn, Cohn defeated
BIHicard and Popiel defeated Jakob.
Marocszy and Bardeleben adjourned their
game, in favor of Marocszy. The game
between Halpin and Wolf remains unfin
ished.*
" CLEVELAND. July 23— The Um people
who attended the grand circuit races on
the opening day saw one record smashed
ar.d fust time in ail the other events. The
great race of the day was the 2:0S trot,
in which peveral of the fast stallions
started. Owing to John Nolan's perform
ance at Detroit last week he was a hot
favorite and much of the K'.OOO or $30,000
that went into the pool boxes was placed
on him.
In the first heat Tommy Britton had
the pole and John Nolan and Cresceus were
fighting for the place. At the half Nolan
broke badly, going back to the rear.
Grattan Hoy was pent after Cresceus and
the finish was a hot one. Cresceus going
under the wire in 2:07%. In the next heat
Cresceus led all _he way round, making
the first quarter in :30 1 _. the half in l:02V2,
the three-quarters in 1:34 and the mile in
2:00 2 4 . Nolan got down to steady work
in ihe second heat ax.d covered the last
half in 1:'CU. bat he was too far behind
to overtake and pass the leader.
In this race Cresceus went the two fast
est miks ever trotted by a stallion and
made the fastest mile by a stallion in two
years. Results:
Paclnp. purse $lo03, 2:11 class, three in five-
White Hose won third, fourth and fifth heats.
Time, 2:0S»4— 2:lu*_— 2:13. Clinton B won first
and second h«"at? arid was second. Time. 2:08>4
— 2:0S : ,_. AlBee was third. O M C. Tom
¦\Vilke* and Kelvjrn alyo started.
Tnjttinfr. 2:0S class, jiurse (130$, two in three—
Crescfun won in straight heats. Time., 2:0" 1 _ —
2:06*4. Crattan Jiny second, John Nolan third.
Tommy Hr'.tton. Kinrymond and Charlie Herr
also started.
Trotting. 2:1€ class, purse t2T.O3, three in five—
Cornelia Bell won wcond, third and fifth heats.
Tiro*. 2:12 — 2:i."*4 — 2:15H- Senator IC won fourth
heat In 2:iS'i and was second. Cliainshot won
first boat In 2:U'-2 and was third. Arch \V,
Alan and FkFfie K also started.
Pacing, 2:15 cla*=5. r>ur5e Hi"), fwo in three —
Eenr.le Direct won In straight heats. Time.
_:10"-4— 2:11. The Private was second and .Star
l»ugh third. Charlie Hoyt. Grace B and Bra
<icn also started. -
CHICAGO. July C3.— The opening day
of the races at Hawthorne was marked by
the downfall of favorites. Scales, the
<*Jd«5-<m favorite in tho Monadnock stakes,
finished absolutely last. John A. Morris.
& well played second choice, beat the
crack imp. Mint Sauce by two lengths in
the third. Weather cloudy; track good.
Results:
Five furlonirs — Baiijara M won, Fondo second,
B.'CTboo third. Time. l:0£'4.
Six turlor.KS— John A. Morris won. imp. Mint
Sauce Focoiid, Or.amaFtus third. Time. 1:33 s *.
6uvrlrrha»>, riiort course — IJecky Kolfe won.
ra*se l'artout (second, CJlobe JI third. Time,
8:17%;
One mile Mor.adnock stakes— Mid wood won,
Silver Coin wond. Cold One third. Time. 1:4!.
Five furlongs — Oolden A^re won, Fancy Wood
-«?ccnd. Jimin>>z third. Time. l:0:vi.
One and ft nlxteer.th miles— Avarice won. On
mar second, The Cobby third. Time, 1:46',*.
ST. LOUIS. July 23.— A hair-raising: fin
ish between Joe Doughty and American
Eagle in the second race, which culmin
ated in a dead heat, was the feature of
the day's pnort at the fair grounds.
Track fast. Results:
One mile and seventy yards, purse— Chorus
Boy won, Guide Hock second. Iron Chancellor
third. Time. 1:<C%.
Oac and an < !_hth mlies, purse— Joe Doughty
Opening Day at Hawthorne Marked
by the Downfall of Favorites,
Scales Finishing Abso
" lutely Last.
Fast Time in All of the
Events on the Cleve
land Track.
SEW TWO-MILE
RECORD MADE
BY CRESCEUS
and American Eagle ran a dead heat, Gotobed
third. Time, 1:55.
Sl>: and a half furlongs. purs,e— The Light
won. Lul>bic second, W. J. Bailer third. Time,
1:21.
One mil? and twenty yards, purs* — Sir Rolla
won. Capron second. Lady Callahan third.
Time, l:42M.
Six furlor.ss. handicap — Graves won. Pinochle
second. Aunt Mary third. Time. l:14»i.
Five and a half furlones, purse— Queen Dlxon
won. Wild Pirate second, Odnor third. Time,
l:0Si_.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Imp, at 1 to 3 In
the betting, won the sc-cond race at Brigh
ton Beach to-day in a gallop in the fast
time of 1:33. Of the e!ght named on the
card to start in the race only two elected
to try- conclusions with the great mare.
Results:
Fix furlongs — Surml«e won. Apple of My Kye
second, Raron Pepper third. Time. 1:01 1-3.
One and an eighth miles — Imp won. Water
Cure peccvA. Pluoky third. Time, 1:53.
Plx furlongs, peilinc— Maxlmus won. Annie
Thnmpron Feccnd. Albula third. Time. 1:14 1-5.
One and a quarter miles — Jack Point won.
Decanter second. Maid of Harlem third. Time,
2:04*;.
Hurdles, one and a half mile? — Hiner won.
Draughtsman second, Tentor third. Time,
2:43. •
fix furlongs, selllne— Kitchener won. Song
ster second, Gibraltar third. Time, 1:14.
DETROIT. Mich.. July 23.— A large
crowd atended the first running meeting
of the New Windsor Jockey Club, which
opened to-day. But one favorite finished
first. Handicapper, in the fifth race. An
open betting ring, which is a novelty
hereabouts, is a feature of the meeting.
Results:
Fix furlongs— Bummer won. Ponda second, R.
Q. Ban third. Time, 1:14%.
Four furlongs — Llnor Belle won. May Cherry
second. Oolden Harvest third. Time, :49>4.
One mile— Be*ruile won. Lavega second, Zo
roayter third. Time, 1:41?«.
One and a sixteenth miles— Ennomla won,
Chappaqua *eoond. Topmast third. Time. 1:51.
Heven furlonps — Handlcapjwr won. King Elk
wr.od second. Blenheim third. Time, 1:23'4.
fevrn furlongs— Brother Fred won, Satira
second. I-ake Fonso thl?d. Time, 1:30.
BICYCLE RECORDS BROKEN.
say on Long Island.
Good Time Made by Mrs. Jane Lind-
NEW YORK. July 23.— Mrs. Jane Lind
pay. who began a 1500-mile bicycle ride
last Monday over the Merrlck road, Long
Island, finished her task at 2:30 this morn
ing, after having beaten all long distance
records for women: She made the 1500
miles In 164 hours and 40 minutes.
Mrs. Lindsay did not equal the men's
record. Will II. Brown covered the dis
tance in 1G2 hours and 24 minutes.
Peck Entertains Athletes.
PARIS, July 23.— Commissioner General
Peck entertained at dinner to-night the
American athletes who contested in the
world amateur championship contests in
connection with the Paris Exposition.
United States Kmbassador Porter, COhsul
General Gowdy and many other guegts
were present. Several speeches were
made, all emphasizing the great success
of the American competitors.
thing but pay and uniform. He is ap
pointed from the body of the department,
and under the present regime his old
place is held for him so that if he is not
suited to the place he can be sent back
to where he came from. He is allowed io
! wear the uniform of a captain because he
i gets a captain's pav. but his is only a
brevet rank — a shadow, riot a substance.
Sergeant Green baa held the place as
j property clerk since the opening of the
I new regime. He has been a steady, efii
! cient c.erli. and Ions before Captain Mo
¦ ran. the former clerk, was retired John
i Green was known as the man for his
place. He was with Moran for years, and
Moran had for him the hichest praise.
Besides, he is an old and efficient police
man, and his training has been on th»
! brats and among the people.
He was told yesterday that Esola was
' to succeed him on the first of the month.
, lie was told that his w-ork was satisfac
! torv in every way, but that' the change
had" to be made. He was given to under
. stand that it was forced upon the depart
> ment. and that if the K.«ola ambition were
: not so unbounded he himself would be
] the man for the place. But all of this
; was cold comfort, for as property clerk
I Green receives $20) a month, and as a ser-
I g-eant on duty in the property clerk's of
| lice he groes J;ack to $125. Hut Ksola gets
; ralpcd from SIM to 1200. and is correspend
: ingly happy. In speaking of the change
i Chief Sullivan said only:
"The position is one that should be filled.
' according to the charter, from the grade
'¦¦ next below, and while the rank is not
I that of an actual captain, still it is above
> that of a lieutenant. Green has held the
; position and has filled it satisfactorily,
l»ut he has been only» acting property
I clerk, and it is necessary to appoint a
! permanent one. The position is not a per
'¦ manent one. however, unless it be properly
; Silled. In the appointments of a chief
'• clerk and a property clerk, both of whom
are brevet captains, I- have retained their
; old positions in the department for the
, appointees, and if the positions be not
i properly tilled the appointees must go
; back to their former rank. E-sola is one
i of the senior lieutenant? and so is among
those first entitled to it."
It is a big price the old and efficient men
of the Police Department are paying for
the election of Phelan.
SEEGEANT JOHN GEEEN".
The idea of putting Escla in the prop
erty clerk's offlca is not a new one, but
Esola has held off because he wisJied to
be ma<!c a line captain. The difference is
apparent when it ir understood that the
property clerk Is not a captain in any-
The property clerk's position is one of
the plum* <if ihf- department, although no
sinecure. It is a desirable position be
cause it I* well paid, but heretofore it has
¦lways been in the hands of a man com
j.et.'iit both M a cleric and as a police of
lict r. The change will be a complete one.
To the rank and file of the department
the charge is a startling one, as it will
remove from authority a man who has
been identified for years as an active and
efficient property clerk. The position is
perhaps the most responsible routine one
in the department, as it involves the cus
tody of money and effects of great value.
For yeam Sergeant John Green has been
nctive property clrjk <.f the department.
He understands every element of the in
vr.hi-.i duties of the position, and the
greatest surprise will be created by his
E-tbordin&tion to Bsola, who has had no
practical experience in the cfflce. Esola.
however, enjoyi the distinction <>f being
the .'.^.- ; "*'"';it> j ui;d counselor of his Honor
the Mayer. wln» insists upon paying: his
political debts, whatever they are and
however they may have boon contracted.
<;:•••-;•!. it ;? understood, will continue to
perform tae actual duties of the office.
while Ksoia receives its emoluments and
whatever dignity may attach to the Be-.
dosloa "f the property clerk's room.
LOCAL po'.ice circle* are a-flutter
¦with excitement. On the 1st of
> next month Lieutenant Frederick
L. Ksola will be made a capts'.n by
euthority of Chief of Police Sullivan and
the Indulgence of Mayor James. D. Phe-
Jan. V.'hik- Ks=ola will receive the honor
he has coveted, he will receive with it lit
tle of the f.as=h dignity that accompanies
ehoulder straps. By becoming a captain
of police he must become chief property
clerk of the Police Department, and In
that capacity he will receive the rank and
pay of a captainJ
Kogoro Takahira, Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary to the United
States from the Japanese Government, ar
rived on the steamer American Maru yes
terday and is at the Palace. Mr. Taka
hira is a diplomat of long and varied ex
perience and Is not Inclined to express
his views on the troubles In the Chinese
.empire that are now exciting the civilized
world.
"The story that came along with me on
the steamer, to the effect that I am here
on a special mission to the Government
of your country, looking to a combina
tion of the United States and Japan to
prevent Russia and the other European
powers from dismembering the Chinese
Empire after the conclusion of existing
troubles, is not correct," said the Min
ister. •"! am here solely In the capacity
oi Japanese Minister to the United States
to 1111 a vacancy. My Government deemed
it very necessary in these troublous times
that the position of .Minister snould oe
tilled. Hence niy presence here. So far
as 1 know, conditions have not developed
that would call for such a proposition
from Japan.
"1 cannot say that there was excitement
in my country when 1 left, as a result of
the Chinese complications, but there waa
a certain anxiety as to tne final solution
of the troubles. I am not prepared to say
that there has been any reliable news
received from China witb reference to the
turmoil in _ J eKing. In fact, 1 distrust
tne alleged news that has been made pub
lic. The Japanese Government is not dis
posed to believe that the Chinese Govern
ment was cognizant of the existence of
the conditions that led up to the dreadful
atrocities that have recently shocked the
civilired world. In my opinion, it will be
found when these troubles are at an end
that the intentions of the Boxers were
unknown to the Imperial Government, and
that when the outureak came It was Im
possible to promptly suppress it.
"I understand that it was rumored in
the dispatches that Japan was slow in
forwarding troops because of a lack of
funds. This statement was incorrect. We
took the steps we deemed proper at the
time. In the lirst place, at the beginning
of the outbreak there was not a sufficient
number of marines on the warships avail
nble to quell the disturbances, and when
the time had been taken to gather a for
midable force It was too iate. 1 have
studied the situation in China as to these
present troubles, and am free to say that
1 think these outbreaks are and will be
confined to the provinces of Chili and
i Shantung. 1 would be surprised if the
disturbances extended to the southern
provinces, as there is no particular sym
pathy between the two sections of the
country. It is a grave question to settle,
this matter of responsibility. The trouDles
have evidently been fostered by retractory
governors, whose operations were un
known to the Imperial government until
it was too late to prevent the horrible
outrages upon humanity that have oc
curred in that unhappy country.
"No; I do not anticipate a prolonged
state of anarchy in China. I believe it
will not be difficult to suppress the Boxers
! in the provinces named, and when that is
' done order can readily be restored. At the
' same time r realize that nothing can ap
i pea?e the wrath of the nations, resulting
! from the slaughter of their countrymen,
j but I hope and believe that the matters,
will be adiusted in China at an earlier
date than the world in general anticipates.
"The Interruption of the movement of
i commerce between America and China
will naturallv swell the volume of busi
ness between* this country and Japan and
! I think the development will be lasting.
I Ten years ago. when I was Consul Gen
! eral at New York, we sold the people of
the United States much more than we
bought from them, but now the balance
of trade is about even. Furthermore, it
appears to me that there will be a steady
increase in favor of the United States by
reason of the fact that there is a rapidly
growing _emand for the manufactured
products of this country in my native
land."
Minister Takahira is one of the most
prominent diplomats of the Japanese em
pire, having resigned the office of Under
Secretary of State to accept his present
position. He has been Minister to Hol
land and Austria, and as stated in his in
terview. Consul General at New York. lie
is accompanied by his wife and will lose
no time in reaching his post at Washing
ton.
Kogoro Takahira Believes Chinese
Government Was Taken by Sur
prise and That Outbreak
Will Soon Be Quelled.
NEW MINISTER TALKS
OF BOXER MOVEMENT
Is Not Inclined to Accept
the Current News as
Authentic.
JAPAN'S
ENVOY ON THE
CRISIS IN CHINA
ESOLA WILL GET A
CAPTAINCY OF POLICE
H. C. BUSH RECEIVES
FURTHER PROMOTION
L'HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24, VjOO.
IDENTITY OF STRANGE
HORSE IS ESTABLISHED
Entered in the Vallejo Races as Wal
ter K, but His True Name
. Is Alvin C.
VAL.LEJO, July 23.— It has been learned
that the "ringer" on the track under the
assumed name of Walter H is no other
than Alvin C, a fast horse of the 2:10
class. He is from Meriden. Miss., and wad
never near Milwaukee, nor had Flack any
connection with his breeding or selling.
The National Trotting Association hns
'been Informed of the matter. The purse
will be left to its decision. ."Walter K,"
alias Alvin C. is now preparing to enter
the races at Colusa, Cal.
WOULD FIGHT EBNE.
______ «
Joe Gans Issues a Challenge and De
posits Forfeit Money.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Joe Gans, the
Baltimore lightweight, to-day deposited
with James J. Corbett $1000 to bind a
match with Frank Erne of Buffalo for
the lightweight championship, Gans not
being satisfied with the last meeting. :
"If Erne will not accept this chal
lenge," said Gans' manager. "I will let
this thousand go as a forfeit for a match
with Terry McGovern and will agree to
the same terms as the Erne-McGovern
match— that is, that Gans will agree to
stop McGovern in ten rounds. If not, Mc-
Govern is to get the decision. The only
concessions I ask is that McGovern allow
Gans to weigh in at the lightweight limit."
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubb— W. L. Pc*.
Cincinnati.... 36 39 .410
Boston 34 39 .405
St.Louls 32 39 .451
New York.... 26 44 .370
Clubs— W. I* Pet.
Brooklyn 47 26 .614
Philadelphia. 40 34 .510
Pittsburg 40 36 .C23
Chicago 3S 36 .513
PHILADELPHIA, July 23.— Errors played a
prominent part In to-day's game between Phila
delphia and Cincinnati. When it s-eemei al
mest impossible for the locals to score Wood
medo u wild thrjw In the seventh inninir. two
runs resulting. In the ninth inning Philadel
phia had a lend of two runs and with two
men cut Single inufTed Corcoran's fly. allowing
Cincinnati to tie the score. At the end of the
eleventh Inning tht game was called owing to
d:irknoFS. Attendance 2653. Score:
Cl.'1-s- . R- "• E
Cincinnati * s *
Philadelphia 4 7 6
BnttTie'— Newton and Kahoe; Donahue and
McFarland. Umpire— Terry.
BROOKLYN*. July 23.— To-day* s game seemed
hopeless for Brooklyn when the last half of
the eighth Inning began, Chicago having a
lead of 7 to 2. The home tenm made a great
rally and with the old of three hits, a couple
of passes and some errors tied the score. Both
Fides were blanked In the ninth and play was
stopped by darkness. Attendance UOO. Score:
Club?- R- H- E ;
Chicago I }» *
Brooklyn 7 12 3
Batteries— Callahan and Chance; McGlnnlty
and Farrell. Umpire— O' Day.
BOSTON, July 23.— With two men out In the
tenth inning Sullivan hit over the left iiMd
fence for four bases, -winning the game. Pi
neen had excellent control throughout the con
test. Attendance 2000. Score:
Clubs— R- H- E -
Boston 5 33 6
bt. Louis 4 7 3
Batteries— Dlneen and Sullivan; Young and
Robinson. Umpire— Hurst.
American League Games.
CHICAGO. Jwly^S-— Chicago. 5; Cleveland. 0.
MILWAUKEE, July 23.— Milwaukee. 4; Buf
falo 5.
Boston Wins Out in the Tenth on a
Home Run Hit— CMcagos Play
the Champions to- a
Standstill.
Extra Innings Were the
Rule in Several of the
Contests.
TWO NATIONAL
LEAGUE GAMES
RESULT IN TIES
8
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS. AUGUST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
Miss Head's School, Berkeley.
Boarding and Day School for Girls— 2538 Chan-
nlng way, Berkeley. Cal. Pleasant home life,
large garden, gymnasium : accredited to Unlver-
elty of California, Stanford University. Vassar
and Smith Colleges. Prospectus sent on applica-
tion. Term opens August 6. 1900.
ST. MATTHEW'S "!»,
SAN MATEO, CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. B.. Rector.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Call at 416 Pine St.. S. F., or
¦write J. MARTENS. Bachelor P.
O. Full Information gladly given.
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
grees; seminary course accredited to ths
Universities; rare opportunities offered In muslo,
art and elocution. Write for catalogue to MRS.
C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College P. O.. Cal.
Thirty fifth year; fall term opens Aug. 8. 1500.
VACFIMITF VALLEY— Ten days of
YUOClTll I a-* pleasure. IV, days each
vray to points of Interest— 7 days in valley.
<£><£_ Including all meals and lodging.
«I> » V* Round trip from San Franciyo $32.
For further Information call or address WM. J.
WHITE. Agent, 6-0 Market St.. S. F.; telephone
Main 51S2.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
S02 Montgomery Bt., San r'ranclsco. Cal. .
Lessons personally and by mall. Acknowledged
by official reporters "best teachers, best system. *
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Tr^rt _nd Mil -Ties' a Springs. These celebrat"<t
.^MffittW Flshl-g: hunt-
ing: home conking: rood beds. $3 o« I to $1J week.
cottages for housekeeping MR3. H. UUFfl-V.
Bartlett Bprtar*. Cal.
WALDRUHE.
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent acccmmodatlor.s
for families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine sprlny wat^.
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. H. W.
ERUNINO. Santa Fo«a. Cal.
FAMOUS
G1LR0Y HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousand* of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurinl
Poisoning:. Liver antt Kidney Disease*. Neural-
g!a. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and I'rlnary
Complaint*. Hotel and cottages renovate*!.
Ruths refitted and Improved. Ma«nlfl<"*il
fcenery. delightful walks. Hunting ami f!*h-
Ing. No fcga. Unequaled for health. T'*t »nj
recreation. Rates. $12 to $1* per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. 9 *.
m. and 1:45 P. m. daily. Carriages at CI!ro»
for serins*. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
The Place for Rest end Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN' THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R- P".aln.
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-rbund climate in Cal-
ifornia: ideal grounds and surroundings: on
railroad 136 miles from San Francisco: IS a
week- cpen all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
Dr. C. C. O'Donn'elFs Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN Is the best camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and etomacn
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In ths
world; 48 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and 9. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oalc at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. offlce 1021 H
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. 3. F. If
you want your health this Is the placo to gt>.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, CmrU %££ n .
Monterey County. CaL— For health, rest.
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-data
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion.
nt flowers: hot scda. sulphur and electrto
baths: swimming tank 3CxSO feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren's playground. croqu«t. lawn tennis and
dance hall: large hotel and 30 cottage-., afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third an^ Town-
send streets. San Francisco. 9 a. m. : First and
Broadway. Oakland. >:10 a. m. dally for Soie-
fiad. then by stage over beautiful level roai 7
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. H. at S.
P. nffiee. «13 Markpt street. Telephone and
postoffice. For Illustrated pamphlet* »nd fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident phrslclan.
C IV A 4~* C* C HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OlY/WlVlxj County; only 4Va hour*
from Ean Francisco and but nine miles of
ctaglng; waters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath In State: grand mountain
rcenery; good trout streams at door: tel^phon*.
telegraph: dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stage* ; round trip from
San Francisco only 13 B0. Take. Tiburon ferry
at 7:39 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any cuest of the pas:
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULGKEW. Proprietor.
SISSON TAVERN.
'Where Shasta' s summit, clad In anow.
Smiles down on Nature's broad expar.se.
Far frcm the chilling summer fogs and fr»»
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON TAV-
ERN. SSCO feet above the sea level, on '.he ever-
green sippes of Shasta. Is the Ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near it the great forests of
pine and cedar and hemlock, aroucd it a wlda
expanse of meadows, above It the perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the idler— rest. For the hunter— the great
frame cf the mountains. For- the angler— tha
»a!mon and the trout In the headwaters cf tha
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
SON'S DOOR. The tavern Is new and fr»s(i
and clean, with every modern comfort. Th»
railway brings one almost to the door. Wher*
Nature Is her grandest, come and learn how
prand her Inspirations are. Rates. tlO to J13
per week. $1 50 per day. Guides and horses for
mountain climbing. MRS. M. L. SISSON. Pro-
prietor. Elsson. Cal.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
PANNING CO..
222 South Spring- St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
HOTEL. METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
SH Hours' Rtde From Los An_°lei«. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THS WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishlne Tour-
nament, aussices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Mariae Band.
The Society R»sort.
SANTA GATALINA -ISLAND,
A "DOVE STEW,"
and the doves are plentiful, too. at
g HOT SPRINGS
After a hunt a ptungre sulphur bath. Hot
mud, sulphur and hot sand baths for
Ills of tone, blood and muscle. Kates for
h. t-;. baths and physicians. $10 to $21 a
week.
- Special round-trip rebate tickets.
Illustrated booklet and further information
of FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Red 2336. friO Market St.. S. F.
OTTO K. NKVER. Prop.. Pa «¦¦¦¦» Robies Cal.
NEWSPAPER $____„_
Illustration. PARTINGTON'S resumes August
I. Day and night classes. Apply R. L. PART-
INGTON. 424 Pine St.. S. F.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Sprir.-s; new management: a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F.. via Tiburon
ferry. R. R. station on hotel ground?: exten-
sive ewlmmlng tank: $10 50 and up per week;
round-trip $1 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART. A-ua Callente. Cal. T.ioner-dl«tanee phone.
I flUREL DELL LAKE.
•£. m^t aUr_ctlv«M place In Lake County t;>
!-~. tennis, livery. H WaMBOLD
clrca.ar to Lak(J Coun . y c __
THE LYCEUM,
A N ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
tY for the university, law and medical col-
lege*: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
W R. McGOVERN. Kels-yvllle. Lake Co.
PART QRAP) MINERAL
UnnLODAU SPRINGS.
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stoinach. liver. kldn*y
and bladder affections. Accommodations fine
class: $10 a week: lighted by gas.
VICHY SPRINGS,
Three miles from Uklah. The only place fn the
United States -where vlchy water is abundant.
The only natural electric waters; champagne
baths; extraordinary tonic properties. J. A.
REDEMEYER & CO.. Vlchy Sprees. Men-
doclno County. Cal.
THE WELLESLEY,
California end Larkln Stw.. Sun Ynnc\aco.
StrJetfy First-class Fnntily Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRT. Proprietress.
KLAMATH HOT SPRIffCS.
t>.. healthiest resort In the prettiest county la
%KoreJa Trout fishing-finest In the State-
chnveiCreek 13 miles for casting;. Hunting—
K ct K^.t In rorroundins mour»taln»-
.ieuir Un. de-r and bear. BDSON BROS..
Praetors. Bessie*. S'»ktyoa County. Cat.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and
VAN NESS SEMINARY,
1S49 Jackson St.. San Francisco. Boarding and
Day School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
elty. Vassar and Smith Collerf*.
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladles. 212*
California St.. will reopen Ausust 6, 1900. Ac-
credited to the Universities; prjmary department
for children: carriage will call. REV. ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL SoS, w &o P SSS!
Unequaled eoda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cotta-es furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. BOW£LU ZIopland.
Mendoclno County, Cai.
SaNTA CRUZ Mountains— a quiet ranch, flra
miles from Santa Crux: delightful summer
home In rrdweods; running water: abundanc*
fruit, good table; terms Ji CO week. Addre»
W. CltANDELL. Santa Crui. Cal.
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nlc» surroundings;
comfortable rooms: good table: convealens
location. Address F. QUIEN. Glen Ellen. CaJ.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address la tho
TJnlted States or Canada one year tor %i,
postage paid.
INDEPENDENCE i_./*KE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
lor families. See 'The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMOKS. Independence Lake. CaL
UNDER SEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANN. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. s S al !5
Napa. Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped Banltarium. CarrtaK* m?ets all
trains nt St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
BT. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
ELiilONTE ilUlCL) Beautiful gTOunda.
magnificent view and flrst-class accommoda-
tions Large sunny rooms. Special rite* to
families. Fre* bus meets every train; U miles
from San Francisco. Far* %l 63.
THE GEYSERS, £-•-»
3 WONDE
swimming.
ONE OF 3
Natural steam
fauntln- and livery. Write for pamphlet.
WERTHEIMER, Manager.
Kenilworth fnn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bft.
iiirds lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MART1SA.
HOtTT'S SCHOOL.
Menlo Park, Cal. Superior advantages for the
care and training: of boys and young men.
Charming surroundings, perfect climate. Teu'.!>
year begins August 6. Send for catalogue.
;,r. • IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.. Principal.
POLYTECHNIC g^L^i 5
Great Business Training- and Shorthand School
Has the largest and best equipped depts. In the
West. 3G0 younjr men and women wanted. Every
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland Cai.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
¦ O^ft MARKET ST.-Actual business book-
•-""« keeping; only expert accountant*
and reporters as teachers. Gregg shorthand,
the easiest, fastest s.cd most readable. Day
and evening.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy, Alain-d.a. hnm
boen removed to Irvlneton. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful; climate unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings and grounds In-
vited. W. W. ANDERSON. Principal.
WHERE
CAN YOtJ GO WITH ONLY XH H0UR3
OF •STAGING.
AND ONLY 98.00 FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLT CELEBRATED AND BEAL-
TIFUl.
HIGHLAND SPRIKCS
DANCING six nights of the week. GOLF.
TeDnls. Bowling. Cement Swimming Tan".
ACRES of Ebady Groves and Mli-ES
Shady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In County. Huntmg
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and \ apor
Baths. Cold Mineral Manges.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs ««__!_' o _£_" t '__
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms. WfO" 0
Springs. Cal. __.
A vacation does not usually
extend beyond two or three or
four weeks, so that many of
those who have been sojourn-
ing during the past month at
the various resorts along the
California Northwestern Rail-
way are returning to their,
homes.
Those who intend to take
their vacation during July or
August, and those who may not
have thought of a rest, but
should do so, can now easily
find the desired accommoda-
tions.
Call for "VACATION," a
little book just issued by the
company, giving Camping Lo-
cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring
Resorts, and a list of one hun-
dred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes where Board for the
Summer can be secured at from
$5.co to $8.oo per week.
Ticket Offlce. tZO Market St.
(Chronicle building).
R. X. B7A5, Gan'l Pass. Agt
General Office. Mutual Llf»
building. Pansome and California
Ets.. San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING, General Zuager.
f&s£4& &i»Xiti&S>
Addrsss A. BETTEHS. Kg?., Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
Call on Lonbard * Co., City Agents, SB Geary, City.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
EFtablished over a third of a century: has a
national reputation, and was one of the- few
cchooU eelected to represent the development
cf commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17,000 graduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 graduates annually
placed In positions: 25 teachers: op«n ths entlrs
year; new 80-page catalogue free.
STJABY'SCOLLEGE
OAKLAND, GAL.
STUDIES -will be resume*?. WEDNESDAY.
August 1st, 1000.
ERO. ERMINOLD. President.
:aturi
baths.
£ An ocean voyage to j
I _ . the place of perfect k
a A days. A home In the
3 tX country with city con- :
| venlences.
GAY
| Summer
I Hotel del Coronado
Is getting to be as gay fj -_, t\Y*+ s
In summer as in win- KGSOrL
ter. Write for special AlvUWl v
summer rates. -
E. S. BABCOCK. Manager. ;
Coronado Beach. CaL SLaborer Dies Suddenly.
A laborer named Murphy, aged about
60 years, was found in his bed at 62o Davis
Etreet, corner of Pacific, yesterday by F.
Cornelius. Death '".supposed to have re
sulted from iwu 1 pauses. The- body
was taken to the V. . s^ie.
Graber and Madden Sentenced.
Tony Graber and William Madden
were sent to the" County Jail for ->\x
months each bv Judge Conlan yesterday.
They were arrested for stealing a watch
from Adolnh Rindell, 206 . Stuart street.
June 30. The charge was reduced to petty
larceny. ,
The Board of Works has addressed a
communication to the Supervisors asking
for authority to contract for the repair of
bituminous and asphalt streets until June
SO 1P01. It is stated that the total amount
of the contract will not exceed 119,000.
For Repair of Streets.
Emil Lampe, who resides at 1210 Kearny
street, "" was reported j at the. Morgue as
missing by his wife yesterday. He was
last seen on Sunday morning. Xo reason
can be given for bis disappearance." .
Emil Lampe Reported Missing/
No Salary for Kilpatrick.
City Attorney Lane has advised the
Board of Education that in order to main
tain the position they have already as
sumed" in regard to the removal of T. C
Kilpatrick as principal of the Business
Evening School they refuse to audit his
Balary warrant and continue to regard his
removal as complete and, final.
Stole a Horse and Wagon.
Philip Smith of 508 Clay street reported
to the California-street police station last
night that his horse and buggy had been
stolen from the corner of Clay and San
some streets early In the morning. Smith
has. no clew as to who the guilty party
is. Sergeant Christiansen found an ani
mal and buggy at 1315 Stockton street last
night which he thinks belongs to Smith,
and the latter will be asked to examine
them this morning. r -; ..;-.-
Burglar Caught in the Act.
William Cook endeavored to enter the
fruit store of R. H. Bohr, 605 Eleventh
street, early yesterday morning by using
a picklock. The noise awakened Arthur
Bohr, son of the proprietor, and he pave
the alarm. Cook was arrested by Police
man Riehl and hooked on a charge of at
tempt to commit burglary. He was held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday in J1000 bonds.
When searched at the City Prison a nv.m
her of skeleton keys were found in his
pockets. _ -*"*-''-'.'-'•'.•'
Reception to Bishop Hamilton.
A committee was appointed yesterday
by the Methodist Ministerial Union to
make' arrangements for a reception to be
tendered to Bishop Hamflton, who was
recently appointed head of the church on
this coast. It is understood that the af
fair will be held on the 22d of August.
Professor Hoover lectured before the un
ion on physical culture. Rev. A. B.
Prltchard read a paper before the Pres
byterian Union on "The Aspect of
Prayer." . Rev. Charles T. Brown ad
dressed tho Congregational ministers on
"Mormon Conception of God, the Church
and Morality." -
School Board Appointments.
At a regular meeting of the Board of
Education yesterday A. F. Head was ap
pointed a special teacher of manual train
ing, with a salary of $1000 per year. John
Thompson was appointed janitor of the
Mission High School, vice T. Ryan, re
moved. The contract for the painting of
the Denman School was awarded to J. M
Thomas, whose bid was $667.
Former Students of Presentation
Convent Hold Their Second
Annual Meeting:.
The Past Pupils' Association of th»
PowelUstreet Presentation Convent held
its second annual meeting Sunday after
noon. The reception rooms of the convent
were crowded with former students and
their friends, who spent a very' pleasant
afternoon in social reunion and In the ei>
joyment of the following programme:
Opening hymn. *Te Deum"; address. MHa
A. Bardet; piano solo. Miss Ryan; vocal quar
tet. Misses E. Cuneo. M. Benker. M. Garrl«lln.
E. Gunzel: piano trio. Misses E. Graves. M.
Glovannoni. A. Kenlff; vocal solo, Miss A.
Devlin; selections, Misses Benker and Gar
della: piano solo. Miss K. 'Supple: violin an.l
piano. Mis«es Devlin; recitation. Mrs. Conmy.
After the rendering of the programme a
purse was presented to the mother supe
rior by the N'ano Xagle Debating Circle.
The meeting- then elected the following
named officers for the er.su'.ng term: Pres
ident. Mrs. C. A. Stuart (re-elected >: vies
president. Mrs. H. J. Gallagher; treasurer.
MLs3 M. Glynn; secretary, aliaa. A^JBaylla,
ASSOCIATION OF PAST
PUPILS ELECTS OFFICERS
Benefit for Bethel A. M. E. Church.
A dramatic and musical entertainment
for the benefit of the African Methodist
Episcopal Church will be given to-mor
row night at Union* Square Hall under
the auspices of the "I Have— Have You"
Club. The following programme has been
arranged: Overture, McDonald's Orches
tra; Star Quartet. Mrs. Powell, Miss Har
ris, Mr. Clark and Mr. Jackson; violin
solo, R. Clark; barytone solo, Mr. Payne;
a scene from "Fedora." by Mis^v Harris
and Mr. Tinsley; soprano 80I0. Mrs.
Powell; instrumental selection; barytone
solo, Mr. Johnson.
The entertainment will conclude with a
scene from "Richard III," with the fol
lowing cast of characters: Richard, Duke
of Gloucester, Mr. Oxendine; King Henry
VI, Mr. Tinsley; Lady Anne, Miss Har
ris; I^ord Stanley. Mr. McCard; Tressel,
Mr. Jackson.
Rayhill Suit Decided.
• The controversy between William Rav
hlll and his wife Margaret over a livery
stable on Haight street, between Steiner
and Pierce, was, decided by .Judge Sea
well yesterday. The contest over the
property is preliminary to divorce pro
ceedings which will be-in court within a
few weeks. Judge Seawell found that
Mrs. Rayhill had put $4700 Into the estab
lishment and that Rayhill had advanced
$1800. He directed that the property be
sold according to law and the proceeds
divided between the litigants at the ratio
of their interest as shown by the amount
invested by each.
Phenomenal Increase of Students at
Princeton.
The University authorities' at Prince
ton have made up their figures of appli
cants for examination in the various
?iarts of the country to date. They are as
ollows:
Full entrance freshmen
Preliminaries ; 3,",3
Upper classes n
Total number examined 7*5
This is by far the largest number of
applicants they have ever had at Prince
ton, and should make the freshman class
about 400 next fall. These figures do not
include the large number of post-grad
uates, both from Princeton and other in
stitutions, who will be registered in the
autumn. Neither do they include the sev
eral hundred students in the theological
seminary at Princeton, which is a dis
tinct Institution not connected with the
university. Princeton has no profession
al schools.
He Will Be Out Again in a Few
"Weeks if No Relapse Is
Suffered.
Dr. R. Beverly Cole Is still suffering
from his second stroke of paralysis. He
is at his summer home near Calistoga,
under the care of a physician.
Coroner Cole's face is paralyzed and his
voice is nea.rly gone. He is improving to
day, and if he does not suffer a relapse
the chances of his recovery in the course
of a few weeks are good. s
DR. COLE'S CONDITION !
SLIGHTLY IMPROVED
Supreme Court Calendar.
Tbe semi-annual calendar of the Su
preme Court Is now ready for publication.
The next session begins on August ]5 and
according- to the calendar there will be
about 190 cases coming up for argument
and will Include cases filed from May l,
3S3S. to January 1, 16M. Among the. most
Important cases to be heard Is the Fair
estate matter, once decided in department
but which the Justices agreed to hear In
bank. The appealed case of Mrs. Cor
dolia Botkin. penterced to life imprison
ment lor poisoning Mrs. Dunning of Del
aware, will also engage the attention of
the court at the beginning of the session.
CHIEF OF -P'dlTCE ASKED
TO PROTECT THE CHINESE
Assault Made by Drunken Man
i Causes Tear of Other At
tempts at Violence.
James F. Tynan, alias James Canavan,
was sent to the County Jail for thirty
days by Judge Cabaniss yesterday on the
charge of battery. Tynan while drunk
Saturday started out to kill all the Boxers
in Chinatown. He knocked down two
Chinese merchants who were standing in
front of 723 Clay street. The Judge said
that the actions of such men as Tynan
were apt to breed a riot and must not be
tolerated. Tynan was dishonorably dis
charged from the Fortieth Infantry after
serving a term on Alcatraz.
After Tynan^had been sentenced Dong
Tvng, the Chinaman who is emploved to
examine all Chinese bonds in the courts,
called upon Chief Sullivan and said that
Chinese merchants were afraid that they
might be attacked in view of the Boxer
atrocities in China. He asked that they
be afforded police protection. Tho Chief
told him that there need be no alarm, as
every protection would be given law-abid
ing Chinese.
Attacked Police Officer.
Jos-eph Burke, a young man living at
S^.'w Twentieth street, met Policeman C.
H. Taylor onrly Sunday morning- at Sev
enteenth and Church streets. Burke mis
took Taylor for another officer he had a
grudge against and struck him with his
fists. Taylor drew his club and hit Burke
on the head, inflicting an extensive scalp
woond and knocking him down. Burke
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where his wound was stitched and
dressed, after which a charge of battery
was placed against him at the City
Prison. Yesterday lie appeared before
Judge Cabaniss and the case was dis
missed a? th*" Judge thought Burke had
been punished enough.
Water and Forest Association of Cali
fornia Is Proceeding Rap
idly Toward That End.
The Water and Forest Association re
ports a great increase in membership,
and expects a heavy enrollment when the
convention meets. In the autumn. "Make
California ready for the coming millions,"
Is the war cry.
The work which the association Is doing
In co-operation with the Agricultural De
partment and Geological Survey is pro
ceeding rapidly. The first report to ap
proach completion is that on Honey I^ake
basin, which is being written by William
Smythe. one of the vice presidents of the
association. The engineering work was
done by Professor J. M. Wilson, State En
•Bin*>er of Nebraska, assisied by Albert
Halen. C. E., nnd W. D. Minckler, C. E.
Detailed maps are bring prepared to ac
company tbe report. It was found that
the tctal appropriations in that- one val
ley reached the Imperial figure* of 28,6.30,
922 miner's inches— water enough, as used
in Southern California, .to irrigate 229.047,
456 acres. This Is about twice as much
Jand as anybody expects to see reclaimed
In the arid region of the United States
for the next hundred years, and repre
sents more territory than that occupied
by most European nations.
WOULD RECLAIM THE
STATE'S ARID LANDS
Outing Given for Purpose of Raising
Funds in Aid of Labor
Temple.
Three snorting engines hauling long
trains of cars filled with carpenters and
joiners with their wives and children
passed over the narrow gauge railroad
track between this city and Sunset Park,
in the Santa Cruz Mountains, last Sun
day. This outing of the men who add by
their industry tq the wealth of San Fran
cisco \va# given in aid of the fund for tho
erection of a labor temple in which meet
ings can be hold and labor problems
discussed.
Tho three trains of cars carried more
than 2309 passengers, who upon arriving
at their destination swarmed into the
park and without waiting for the dinner
brll settled themselves under shading
trees nnd lightened the burdens in the
hundreds of baskets. After luncheon the
day's sports commenced, and were kept
constantly goins until the shrill whistle of
the locomotives gave warning of "all
aboard for San Francisco."
One of the most amusing Incidents of
the day was a tug-of-war pull between
teams from Carpenters' Unions Xos. 22 and
4^3. which was won by the former after
four minutes of hard pulling.
The winners of gate prizes are informed
that lists of the winning numbers will be
posted at the Labor Bureau. 915^ Market
street, and at carpenters' headquarters,
1123^4 Mission street, to-morrow evening.
CARPENTERS PICNIC AT
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
Saloon Manager Disappears
and Leaves Finances
in Bad State.
LOCKED SAFE AND
PACKED HIS GRIP
Depositions From England Are Ready
for Submission, but Counsel
Secured a Stay.
Julian Biddulph Arnold, son of Sir Ed
win Arnold, was before United States
Commissioner Heacock yesterday on a
new charge. The complaint, sworn to
by British Vice Consul Moore, charged
him with embezzling a sum equivalent to
$1775 In gold from William O. Swain and
Edgar Swain of England, heirs of an
English estate. Arnold's wife was in
court. Vice Consul Moore was also there
with a set 6f depositions, which were not
put in evidence. Arnold was represented
by Bert Schleslnger and the Vice Consul
was represented by Mr. Cormac. of Cor
mac, Donohoe & Baum. Attorney Schles
inger objected to everything and when
he was overruled, took exceptions. He
asked for and secured a continuance for
two weeks. Various papers were read,
under objection, among them a communi
cation from the British Embassador at
Washington and the British Consul Gen
eral at Chicago. Upon the showing that
the dates in them barred the supposition
that they could apply to any but the
earlier case, they were withdrawn.
George W. Hazen identified Arnold and
Vice Consul Moore testified that he had
proceeded under instructions from Min
ister Pauncefote in swearing out the
complaint upon which Arnold had been
rearrested. At this point in the proceed
ings Mr. Schlesinger asked for a contin
uance for one month and said that he
wished to produce depositions and other
papers which were on the way from Eng
land. Commissioner Heacock would not
grant a delay of a month, but named
August 6 as the date for the hearing of
testimony.
SIR EDWIN ARNOLD'S
SON AGAIN ARRAIGNED
He Takes Another Opportunity of
Excoriating His * Enemy,
Secretary Frank Kane.
Masuji Miyakawa, the Japanese
charged with extortion who failed to ap
pear in Judpre Conlan's court Saturday,
was in attendance yesterday morning.
He explained that he had been busy Sat
urday helping to get out the Japanese
paper published here.
"The defendant's bonds," said the
Judge, "are not sufficient and he is order
ed into custody. Perhaps he will tell the
truth and we will see if that rascal Kane
is not the man who should be in custody.
1 have learned that as soon as the de
fendant left this court Friday he went to
Kane, who was seen talking with him
in a doorway on Market street. If he
tells the truth I will reduce his bonds to
$5<tO."
"I will hold myself responsible for his
appearance." said ex-Judge Graham, "if
you will allow him to go till we can pro
cure other bonds."
The Judsre declined and Graham asked
if Kane .siill had his star. Chief Sullivan,
who was in court, said:
"I don't know. I suppose he has."
"Well, he shouldn't have it." said the>
Judge. "It is a most palpable disgrace
to allow a man like him to wear a star,
lie has apparently been advising this de
fendant to keep a stiff upp>* lip and not
tell the truth. If Miyakawa will only tell
the truth I can almost promise him im
munity from punishment.'* ."'-••
The Japanese was taken to the City
Prison, but during the afternoon At-,
torney Ttiordan, who is defending him.
put up $500 cash bail for his release. That
ends the matter for the present, as the
case was continued by Judge Fritz before
leaving on his vacation till August 27.
JUDGE CONLAN STILL
DEMANDS THE TRUTH
Supervisors Furnished With, a Full
List of Abandoned Street
Rail-way Lines.
The Supervisors have been supplied with
tfata concerning the extent of abandoned
Ftreet car tracks belonging to the Mar
ket Street Railway Company, some of
which the company is now trying to re
claim by force. The matter was looked
up by George McGillivray, principal field
assistant of the Bureau of Streets, whose
report is as follows: »
Pursuant to directions received from you, I
have caused to be examined the streets having
abandoned track? th<-reon owned by the Mar
ket-street Railway Chrapany, to wit:
Battery Etreet. frcm Market to California;
double ::i k
Montgomery avenue, from Filbert to Green
wich street.
Junction of Montcomerj- avenue.
Washington and Montgomery gtreets; double
track and switches.
OoFfing of Powell ptreet and Montgomery
avenue, aJose Montgomery avenue to Mason
etre^et, along- Mason to Bay; single track.
Bay etreet, from the east fide of Powell to
T. >'. r.
Market Ftreet. from Second to the intersec
tion of Putter, north side; single track.
Broderick siceet. from McAllister to Oak;
double track.
Grant avenue, about 109 feet, turning north
from G*ary street; a spur track.
Junction of Batury and Market streets; a
erur track.
First street, from Market to Folsom; double
track.
Waehirigtcn street, Crom Kearny to Stock- j
ton; einele track.
Stockton etreet, from the erossics of Wash
ington, thence northerly - r ' feet beyond the
crossine of I'acifi* ?tr>-et: single track.
From the crossing of Stockton street, thence
tdonts Pacific street to Montgomery avenue;
single track.
Branr.an street, from the crossing of Sixtn
to within about 275 feet of Eighth etreet; sin-
Cie track.
Berry etreet. from Fourth to Fifth, south
tide; single track.
Goush street, from Market to Rose avenue;
F^-ur track.
Jarkpon street, from Monwroni^ry avenue to
Kearny street: sinrle track.
Centra! avenue, from Gutter to Geary street;
floabte tra<*k and switches.
Junction of Market. Post and Montgomery
streets.
Brod^rick street, between Turk and Golden
Gate avenue. The tracks on the ptr?et have
been torn up by the railroad company and
filled !n w!t!i macadam; the balance of the
street ir pawti with bitumen and has been ac
cented by the city.
Commencing at the cro?Fins of Stanyan and
Carl streets and running: thence along Carl
Xrt I street, alnnp I street to Ninth avenue anri
•.long Ninth avenue to II street, the tracks
and j>ok ; s have been abandoned.
BUREAU OF STREETS
REPORTS ON TRACKS
GENERAL JOHN CORSON SMITH,
ex-Lieutenant Governor and ex-
Treasurer of, Illinois, arrived in
this city from Chicago yesterday.
He is accompanied by his wife and will
soj&urn for several weeks In California.
General Smith commanded the Ninety
sixth Regiment, Illinois Infantry Volun
teers, in several of the memorable battles
of the Civil War. He participated In the
great conflict at Chickamauga. He gained
distinction also in the Atlanta" campaign,
and was wounded at Kenesaw Mountain.
General Smith is a prominent leader in
the Masonic fraternity, having attained
the rank of past grand commander,
Knights Templar of Illinois. He has trav
eled extensively throughout the ¦world
since 1890, and the accounts of his jour
neys embraced in Masonic correspondence
are entertaining and instructive.
General Smith enjoyed the personal
friendship of the great leader, U. S.
Grant. He was a resident of Galena be
fore the war, when General Grant lived
there. In San Francisco General Smith
and wife are the guests of Major and Mrs.
William O. Gould.
Reuben H. Lloyd will give a dinner in
the red room of the Bohemian Club to
morrow evening in compliment to Gen
eral Smith.
,The Toyo Kaisen Kaisha's steamer
America Maru arrived from Chinese and
Japanese ports via Honolulu yesterday
morning, two days ahead of time. She
made the run from the last named port in
five days eighteen hours. Among the
passengers who came up on the steamer
were: W. Araki, Mr. von Bohl, Rev. Jo
seph Cosand. ?4rs. Cosand, Carl Francke,
Frank Gillett, Captain T. Kitahoga, Mrs.
George Mackinnon, W. E. Miles, Mrs. S.
J. Milliken, T. Minami, J. Selles, S. Toga,
Miss I. Watson, F. Yamada, Mrs. K.
Iakahira, George Tyson, Gerald Torrens,
B. Ashimori, W. Cartwrlght, George K.
Denny, Miss Calla Frazier, Alberto
Frank. Mrs. W. S. Jackson. Y. Matsuo,
Miss T. Mitani, Miss Milliken, Miss Uobe
chl, H. M. Richards, C. Shibutani. Com
mander S. W. Very, U. S. N., Miss F.
Woodall. the Hon. K. Takahlra and valet,
Mrs. Claude Whitney and maid. There
were in addition forty-three Japanese and
fifty-two Chinese steerage passengers,
and fourteen Europeans in the steerage.
Mrs. Mackinnon is the wife of the well
known master in the Mail Company's ser
vice. W. Cartwrlght was formerly in the
customs service at Tientsin and Shanghai,
but left the former place long before the
trouble broke out.
The America Maru brought over $250,000
in gold. Two days out from Yokohama
she ran into a westerly gale with a
heavy following sea. which made it very
uncomfortable aboard for a few hours.
News of the Transports.
British Ships in Collision.
Uncle Sam has chartered the transport
Siam for six months. She will make one
more trip to Nanaimo for coal and will
then be fitted out to carry horses and fod
der to China. The Slam was for quite a
while in the Manila trade and had an un
fortunate experience on her first trip. She
was caught in a typhoon and nearly every
one of the cattle was killed.
The transport Hancock will sail next
Sunday for the Orient. The chances are
that she will not go any farther than
Nagasaki. She will there land her troops
and another vessel will take them on to
China. This means that Uncle Sam will
inaugurate a regular service between San
Francisco, Nagasaki and Taku. Two ves
sels, probably the Hancock and Meade,
will run between here and Nagasaki,
while two more, probably the Indiana and
Warren, will run between Nagasaki and
Chinese ports. The Hancock docked yes
terday morning and the work of getting
her ready to sail was begun at once.
The transport Warren sailed from Nag
asaki on July 16 and the Logan on July
17, both for San Francisco. It was the in
tention of the Government to send the Lo
gan back to China, but she got nway from
Nagasaki before the orders arrived. The
Warren should reach here about August 2
and the Logan about thirty-six hours
later. Both vessels will be given a hur
ried overhauling and wilrget away again
about August 15 or 16.
The British ships Champion and Lord
Kinnaird were in collision off the South
American coast some time in June last,
but the news only reached here from
London yesterday. Both vessels reached
Antofogasta in a badly disabled condition.
The Champion sailed from Port Hadlock
on April 21 for Antofogasta in charge of
Captain Jones. From that point she was
to bring a cargo of nitrate to San Fran
cisco. The Lord Kinniard sailed from
Newcastle. Aus., on April 1 for Antofo
gasta in charge of Captain Mutch. From
that port she also was coming to San
Francisco with nitrate. The Champion
had for a cargo 1.070,130 feet of lumber,
and the Lord Kinniard carried about 1500
tons of coal. A telegram to the Mer
chants' Exchange states that both vessels
are almost wrecks and that it will take
months to repair them. This Is bad news
for the powder makers, who never wanted
nitrate worse than, they do now.
Water Front Notes.
The British ship "Windsor Park sailed
for Europe with a cargo of wheat yester
day. Captain Lambie's friends were out
in force to bid him good-by. This was
the genial master's first visit to San Fran
cisco, but he has left many kir.dly memo
ries behind him and will receive a warm
welcome on his return.
Boats were out looking for the remains
of Ernest Gueldner and his 8-year-old ssn,
who were drowned off Lime Point last
Sunday. A diligent search of all the coves
between Lime Point and YVhalehead was
made, but the chances are that the bodies
were carried out to sea.
A libel was filed in the United States
District Court yesterday against the
schooner S. E. Perry, by H. P. Anderson,
who claims $122 due him in wages and
materials. " .
Transport Hancock Which Is to Sail
Next Sunday Will Inaugurate
. Regular Service Between
Here and Nagasaki.
Notables Arrive on the
Toyo Kaisen Kaisha's
America Maru.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
| A committee from Sacramento Parlor
! Xo. 3. consisting of C. G. Battle, Richard
i T. Cohen and J. M, Henderson Jr., called
' at general headquarters in the Palace
; Hotel yesterday to announce that the par
: lor had secured headquarters on. Fourth
; street, in this city, where, in conjunction
i with Mrs. Ema Gett, grand president of
: the Native Daughters of the Golden
! West, the members of Califia Parlor
j and those of Sinter Parlor, N. D. G. "W.,
. receptions will be held during the festivi
j ties. The hall will be artistically deco
i rated. The committee announced that it
; will do its share toward maltfng the cele
[ bration a success, and also stated that not
j less than 300 members of the parlor, in
i uniform, will be in line. They have an
I idea that Sacramento will eclipse a num
! ber of the San Francisco parlors in the
! display.
Secretary Long of the Navy Depart
ment in a communication to the grand
marshal states that the commandant of
the navy yard at Mare Island and the
commandant of the Yerba Buena station
have been instructed that those under
their commands take part in the celebra
tion.
George Patterson, secretary of the Scot
tish Thistle Club, has written to the grand
marshal that the club has accepted the in
vitation to take part in the grand parade
and that the club will be properly repre
sented.
The parlor of Native Sons in Fresno |
I County has extended an invitation to the
[ parlors in Tulare. Kern, Kings. Madera,
• Merced and Stanislaus counties to join
j with it in the parade in this city, request
, ing that all adopt the same uniform, but
; with distinctive badges and banners. That
I parlor proposes to make a display of the
j products of Fresno County at its head
! quarters.
The members of the parlor at Visalia
j have been preparing for two months for
the grand event. They will be assisted
! by the local parlor of the Native Daugh
! ters.
S The Society of Old Friends has accepted
i the invitation to parade.
Last evening the Sons of Exempts held
a meeting and adopted a uniform to be
i worn on the occasion of the parade. They
: will be in line with the Exempts and will
j man the ropes of one of the old hose reels
i of the volunteer fire department. They
I were visited by a sub-committee of the
| Exempts, who informed them that the
parent association had appointed a com-.
mittee r to wait on the parade committee
of the Native Sons to-morrow night, in
i conjunction with a like committee of the
j Veterans' Association of the paid depart
! ment. They expressed a desire that the
| Sons appoint a like committee to accom-
I pany them. W. A. Clark. W. J. Rose
j camp and P. I. Figel were named as such
: committee. . ,
j The badge committee met last night and
j selected a variety of badges to be . used
by the various sub-committees.
Calaveras Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West has decided that
; its members will march in the parade.
All will be attired in uniform costume and
will march with Army and Navy Parlor
i of Native Sons.
The finance committee visited a number
of prominent citizens yesterday. They
were promised, contributions to swell the
amount already on hand.
Secretary Long Notifies Sim Tliat
Sailors From Mare Island
and Yerba Buena Stations
May Participate.
Grand Marshal of Admission
Day Celebration Hears
Good News.
NAVAL MEN TO
MARCH IN THE
GRAND PARADE
The home battalion of the' Elehteenth
Infantry was in readiness yesterday
moxsios to move from its camp to tho
barracks at the Presidio, when a tele
gram was received from Major General
Shatter annulling the previous order. It
probably is the intention of Genera! Shai
l€T to use his Influence to make the Pre
sidio the headQUUTLers of the First In-
Jantry, now in Cuba, but under orders to
proceed to the Philippines. The home bat
talion of the First is stationed at Fort
Lcavenwortn and will probably be trans
2erred to tlie .Presidio and be t-ommaiiaeci
by Colonel A. A. Harbaoh, while the ?iglu
companies in Cuba will proceed to the
Philippines under command of Lieutenant
Colonel C A. Dempbty. This is Shatter's
old regiment, and it is more than probable
that his efforts in its behalf will meet with
success.
Second Lieutenant R. P. Bower, Light
Batter>- C. Third Artillery, has been ap
poimed exrhanjee officer, relieving First
Lieutenant W. S. McNair. who goes to
China with Battery O.
Company H of the Seventh United
States lriaiitry arrived at the Presidio
vesterday from Vancouver Barracks.
Lieutenant Rosenbaum is in command.
Franklin S. Anderson, 19 years of age. a
private In Company K. Forty-sixth Infan
try, United States Volunteers, died at the
general hcppital yesterday.
Acting Assistant Surtreon John F. Minor
Is order«*i by rail to Seattle and will report
on board the transport Pakling for tem
porary duty curing the voyage of that
vessel.
Colonel A. A. Harbach "Would in
Event of the Major General's
Success Have Charge of
Post.
Will Try to Make Presidio
'Headquarters of His Old
Command.
SHAFTER WOULD
KEEP THE FIRST
ON THIS COAST
VI.
The Popham colony in the Kennebec In
1607 was the only serious attempt the Plym
outh company ever made to settle the
new world and It was a fiasco. A stronger
sentiment than the love of gain, a nobler
passion than the spirit of adventure, had
first to be invoked before a lasting im
pression could be made on New England's
rockbound coast. Better men than the
miscalled "gentlemen" who quarreled and
starved and died of fever in the early days
of Jamestown were required in the far I
north. And England was well sifted to |
find them.
England was still in the after-travall of
the reformation. Some of her good Chris
tians were fdr sweeping all the good as
well as evil from the church. They want
ed to make all things new; to simplify the
government of the. church and drop her
ceremonies. To purge and purify was
their intent and so they got the name
of Puritans. Despairing of achieving their j
whole purpose some of. them made up
their minds to leave the mother church
and shift as best they could without her.
Scrooby, near the edge of Lincoln, was
the rendezvous of the most zealous of
these separatists, as men called them. I
Thence in 1608, in order to escape the
persecution growing every year more
serious and intolerable, they fled in ai
with them that first dreadful winter.
there were others of as noble parts. The
leaders of the pilgrims were indeed a not
able band; In the graphic words of Ellen
Watscn, "Brewster, Carver. Bradford.
"Wlnslow, Standish. the soul, the heart,
the head, the good right hand, the flash
ing sword, well chosen instruments to
unlock the frozen heart of New England
and to found there
"Empire such us Spaniard never knew."
Standish was one of five, but an alto
gether worthy one. His work as "Rash
ing sword" was cut out for him by reason
of the talents of his peers and the un
usual conditions. Disease and famine anij
death hovered Uke birds of prey all thos<»
early days over the little colony, tost
as they did at Jamestown, and that flr't
winter carried half the colonists awnv
It was the sword of Standish that saved
the rest from the red hand of hostile In
dians, and insured the permanence of th->
new experiment, prompted by new
motives, to colonize the new world.
But Standish was not one of the pi.
grims. His history had been quite dif
ferent. Born in Lancashire, England,
about 1584. of the knightly family of
Standish of Duxbury Hall. Myles Staml
lsh could trace his pedigree clear baete
to the Norman conquest. Roman Cath
olic as he was, he had served like the
loyal subject he always proved him?e!f
In the troops sent over by Elizabeth to
aid the Dutch in their hard fight with
Spain. He had won his spurs as a valiant
man of war before he settled in Leyden
body to a land which offered them first Ol
all the countries in the world a genuine
religious freedom. Life in Leyden seemed
the first ten years a great improvement
on the Scrooby days. They were well
treated; they had some influence.
But the work was very hard; some of the
younger folk could not resist the tempta
tion of city life; foreign habits were
crowding out the English ways of
thought; and there were some dread
symptoms of the ultimate extinction of
the English tongue. Good Englishmen
still though no longer churchmen, they
were indeed alarmed. It was better far.
they thought, to go iike "pilgrims" to the
new land beyond the seas— to go at once.
King James refused to let them have a
charter. But he showed sufficient interest
to inquire into their plan and to approve
it in the words. "It was a good and hon
est notion." Informed that they proposed
to make a living by "fishing" he remarked
with patronizing nonchalance, "So God
have my soul; so God have my soul; 'tis
an honest trade; 'twas the apostles' own
calling."
After many mishaps the pilgrims were
off, a hundred of them all told, Septem
ber 16. 1620, from Plymouth, England, in
the stanch Mayflower, which seemed to
them' quite small, but to us. .who hear of
the countless bits of furniture brought
over in it. seems as large as the Oceanic
or its prototype, the Great Eastern. They
had a stormy voyage and it was not until
and made the acquaintance of the pil
grims. It should always be remembered
that not for gain, nor from necessity,
nor even from religious zeal, but for
friendship's sake and because there w,n
a knightly spirit in his blood, he forsook
home and heritage, put away ambition
and the love of glory, to be the "flashir.-c
sword" to the pilgrims and "the Great
heart of their pilgrimage to the city that
they sought," but never found till life
was done and they were laid to rest on
Burial Hill. He shared their trouble*:
there were no joys to share. He. as well
as Bradford, lost his wife in those first
days, and though Longfellow and Jano
Austen describe in words no reader en a
forget his vicarious proposal to PriscIHa.
there was no sentiment for him in the
transaction. Bradford, one may well be
lieve, convinced him that it was his
solemn duty to take a share in keeplns
up by marriage the population of a col
ony which had lost half its members thr>
first winter. He was one among equals
until the menacing savages obliged tha
pilgrims to resolve themselves Into a mil
itary bodv and train daily in the use of
arms and tactics of defense. Then Stand
ish became at once the first among hi=j
equals, and right royally he did his work
as commander in chief of a little army,
sometimes numbering only six. but al
ways brave and confident.
He did not spend quite all his life in
warfare. In Ifi25 he visited England as
agent for the colony, returning with sup-
plies the following year. In 1(CS he rude
ly interfered with the dangerous doings
at Merrymount and dispersed Morton's
thriftless rabble picked up from the Lon
don streets. He -was one of the original
settlers and proprietors of Duxbury.
which he named In honor of his ancestral
home and within the boundaries of whicli
he was doubtless buried In 165S.
LYMAN P. POWELI*
Philadelphia. Pa.
November 21 that they rounded "the bared
and bended arm of Massachusetts." to
which Gosnold, who made harbor here in
1602 gave the name of Cape Cod. Here,
oft 'the present Provincetown, they cast
anchor, inaugurated the first New Eng
land Monday by a grand washing on the
beach, explored the country near, signed
the famous compact of government, lost
several of their company by death and
added to their number the first white boy
born on New England soil— little Pere
grine White, who then began his earthly
peregrinations.
December 21 they landed on a spot
which John Smith had visited some five
vears before and set do'wn on his map as
Plymouth. The place invited them to
stay and settle. It seemed to be easily
prepared for raising crops and no Indians
were near. A pestilence had swept the
natives off awhile before. Samoset. the
only Indian surviving, showed a friendly
spirit and taught the pilgrims how to
wring subsistence from the barren soil
and icy sea. Massasoit, the noble but sad
hearted'Indian Regulus. who had seen his
tribe reduced from 30,000 souls to a few
hundred by the pestilence, made a treaty
with them which he never broke. Other
Englishmen, who had preceded or who I
later settled near, were not so wise in |
treatment of the Indians, and tbe pil
grims were in consequence hard pressed
at times to maintain their prestige and
prevent a general massacre. The central
figure in the work that saved the settle
ment from destruction by the Indians in
those early days was the captain of the 1
company. Myles Standish. j
In a colony made of such poor stuff as )
the settlement at Jamestown. Standish!
would eas.Hr have been like Smith, the !
foremost figure. The pilgrims were of ;
finer mettle. Some of them would shine ¦
in any company. Even if one is not con- j
vlnced by Hpzekiah Butterworth's lngen- !
ious suggestion that no less a man than
I John Hampden of Shipmoney fame waaj
DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS OF* NORTH
AMERICA.
THE DISCOVERERS OF NEW ENGLAND.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
General John C. Smith oF Illi
nois Sojourning in
California.
DISTINGUISHED WAR
VETERAN ARRIVES
OFFER REWARD FOR
CALNAN'S CAPTURE
Mission District Policemen
Contribute Money For
That Purpose
TIMOTHY C. CALNAN.
f* PRICK has been f=et upon the head
l\ cf Timothy C. Calnan, ex-poliee
\^\ man. hortcthief and burglar, and
I ¦ every effort is being made to cap
" ture him. The policemen in the
Mission district are so incensed at the dis
grace ca?t upon them by Calnan's actions
while a member of the force that they
have subscribed $100 which is offered to
any one who will give such information
as will lead to his capture. This may be
supplemented by subscriptions from men
in other divisions.
The case against Calnan charging him
with grand larceny for stealing A. J. Mc-
Millan's horse was called in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday, and Calnan again
failed to answer to his name. The Judge
continued the case until to-morrnw and
ordered his bondsmen Daniel Hartnett
and William (Jibins. to be served with a
subpoena to appear in court then with the
"body" of Calnan, failing which the bonds
Of $2000 would be declared forfeited.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 1900.
<•>
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
GENERAL JOHN C. SMITH.
THEODORE BRAKKE, who was left
in charge of the Bon Ton saloon, at
the corner of Pine and Dupont
streets, while its proprietor was in
Europe, mysteriously disapnpared
some weeks agro, leaving a large number
of unpaid debts and a locked safe. The
manager's deficiencies will not be made
known until the proprietor returns from
Europe, but from the fast pace he had
been keeping up in the tenderloin district
for some months previous to his depar
ture it is thought that the proprietor of
the place may not feel happy when he
learns all.
Axel Johnson, the proprietor of the
saloon, left this city four months ago
His business was very-prosperous on ac
count of its location, and he left con
siderable money in the safe. Brakke was
placed in charge, and immediately after
his employer's departure commenced to
spend large sums of coinfln the tender
loin district. On July 9 he disappeared,
after having- fixed the safe so that it
could not be opened. He also left bills to
the amount of several hundred dollars,
which he was supposed to have paid.
These bills were for liquors, cigars, rent
and insurance.
John Sundberg assumed charge of the
place and notified Johnson. The cash
register was found to be empty, but. as
Brakke had taken the key with him, it
could not be ascertained, how much it
should contain. Sundberg will not at
temp to opfen the safe -until the proprie
tor's return. The police at the California
street station were notified several nights
ago of the supposed embezzler's depar
ture, but they can take no action until
a ontnnlalnt is SWOm to. .•*''?.' r- U
THEODORE BRAKKE.
MYLES STANDISH
HANDWRITING OF THE PILGRIMS.
DOCTOR'S FOOD TALK.
Selection of Food One of the Most
Important Acts in Life.
Old Dr. Hanaford of Reading, Mass.,
says in the "Messenger": "Our health
and physical nnd mental happiness are
so largely under our personal control
that the proper selection of food should
be, and is, one of the most important
acts in life.
"On this subject I may say that I
know of no food equal in digestibility
fend more powerful in point of nutriment
than th^ modern Grape- Xuts, four heap-
ing teaspoons of which is sufficient for
the cereal part of a meal, and experience
demonstiates that the user is perfectly
nourished from one meal to another.
"I am convinced that the extensive
and g-eneral use of hig-h class foods of
this character would increase the term of
human life, add to the sum total of hap-
piness and very considerably improve
society in general, i am free to men-
tion the food, for I personally know of
its value."
Grape-Xms food can be used by babes
in arms, or adults. It is ready cooked,
can be served instantly, either cold with
cream, or with hot water or hot milk '
poured over. All sorts of puddings and
: zr\cy dishes can be made with Grape-
*Cuts. The food is concentrated and
very economical, for four heaping tea-
spoons are sufficient for the cereal part
GEAPE-NUTS.i : __ _____4
Local stock3 and bonds continued dull on Tie
morning session and quotations showed no
change worthy of note.
The oil stocks were quiet, though there was
some activity in Home OH at $4 70.
In the afternoon Gas & Electric sold up to
$50. Business was somewhat better than In
the morning.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. July 23—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Tild Ask
. U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. — 4 '
4s quar coup..H5%116 * Mutual El Co. 9 11
4s do reg .ll'.%llfi O G I, & H... 49 W
4s do cp new.l33*il34Vi Pac Gas Imp.. — 4g%
3s quar coup.l09V4110!4 Pac L Co 43 ' 41Vi
Miscellaneous— Sac ElOARCo. %*¥•
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll6'i — S F G & E.... 50 " SOU
C C Water Cs.106 107 San Francisco 4% 6%
Ed L & P 6s. 129 — StknG&EColO —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — Insurance —
Geary-st R 5s. — 99 FIrem's Fund. 225 , '
H C & S 5%s. — — Bank Stocks-
Do 6s .101 103 (Anglo-Cal Ltd. (!« 70
L A Ry 6s... .10414— IBank of Cal.V.410 —
THE STOCK MARKET.
TO SAIL,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July 23.-The influential Inter
ests which have gradually taken the leadership
In the stock market continued their effort*
to-day to make a rising market with the ob
ject of Inviting public buying. They were
not discouraged by the failure of outside ;n
terest to develop on account of lafft wetfk'ii
advanoe an-1 they resumed their li'illlfh ma
nipulation from the opening this morrin?.
Tbert was net mucn difficulty apparent In ad
\ancing price*, or if any obstruction appeared
in the .-:.;.;-• of offerings In larger volume Ih&n
could be absorbed the leaders turned thelr
cttention to stocks whose upward course was
oa?y. Ae the long interest has not jet at
tained large jiroj>ortlons. «nd as there was
a. considerable ohort interest whose position
trrow» Cally more precarious, the technical con
citlons favored the advance. There was some
a/vfs>sion of outside buying a» well, which H
la the ultimate object of the present buying
to art os a reliance for absorbing stocks at
a liigher level. The appearance of this buying
encouraged the profes»lon8l hulls to redouble
effort* and the day's market as a result gave
an appearance of greater activity and more
etrrngth than on any day last week. This
wa« |»art.tculaj-!j" true after t-'uear had been
checked in its fim reactionary tendency and
wa» found to move upwards easily on moderate
liuying. This etook continued to have a marked
Influence on the whole market and ite late
reaction precipitated a movement to take prof
its elsewhere, so that the posing was easy
at considerable recessions from the best. Th»
distinguishing feature of the market was its
bwvit.ii'm. mi mlrht he expected from its pro
fe*Fi»>riail>- manipulated character. A few
ptooks were active nnd ftrong, a larger number
showed Fharp advances, after lying dormant
for some time, so that very meager transac
tion* were sufficient to move them. But the
m«Jorltj- cf the list wjls only moderately active
and continued s;us:R:iBh, small net Rains being
the rule In sympathy with the strength in spe
cial stocks. There was a disposition to pick
come leading etock from each group of securi
ties in which the interests or condition* were
allied and advance the leaders for effect on !
the'.r particular groups, thus permeating pretty
much the whole market with a show of
strength. Eftrly advance* in Leather. People's
Gas and Southern Pacific proved chnrffve and
tho*e stock* were relegated to the background.
Such recent favorites as Haltimore and Ohio
end Union Pacific were notably neglected and
w« Inclined to be heavy. The hopefulness
cf the bull* wu predicted on the more en _
courajrtnc feeling- rer»ri31ns China which was
reflected from abroad on the confidence that
the racney market Is assare.3 cf a considerable
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 So
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 SsU
Sterling Cables •• — * «9H
New York Exchange, sight.... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61% 1
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 48^
Wheat and Other Grains.
•^•jIEAT Spot quotations were higher, but
futures declined in sympathy with Chicago.
Chicago broke on disappointing^ cables and
large Russian shipments. There were more
buyers than sellers at the decline, owing to
bullish crop reports from the Northwest. At
the same time the market was dull, as the de
mand was slack and operators were so bearish
that bull news had little effect. The world's
shipments were 7.500.000 bushels, and the Amer
ican supply decreased 450.000 bushels.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 06%; milling. $1 07%
61 10 " CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December 20.
000 ctls. $1 14H: 22,000 $1 14^4; IS, 000, $1 14; 2000
Session— December-20C0 ctls. $1 13T6:
1 "heKulRr Morning Session— December— SOOO ctls,
$1 13U; 6000, $1 13%: 10.000. $1 13*4.
Afternoon Session — December — 8000 ctls,
SI 13U: 12.0C0, U 14.
BARLEY — The market rules firm and quota
tions again show some improvement.
Feed 72%c for No. 1 and 65®7Oc fer oft
grades'r Brewing and shipping grades. 75®80c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls 76*ic" 2000, 77c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 76%c;
2C00, 76y t c; 2C0O. 76%.
OATS— The market continues in good shape,
being steady at unchanged prices with a good
local demand on Government and milling ac-
C °White $1 13fl 35; Surprise. $1 27%gi 35; Red.
$1 07%<gl 20; Gray. $1 10@l 20; Black. $1 05®
1 i5ii ner Ctl*
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 17%®1 20 per
ctl; Eastern White, $1 17%31 20 per. ctl; Mixed.
RYE— 96g95c per ctl and very dull.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6003 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, *3 4<xg-3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern, $4 75©
5 75 cer barrel
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye , Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal |2 GO: Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny 13 50(0:3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 00; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; in sacks. $5 75@7: Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuifs,
Hay continues weak and dull under continued
heavy receipts, but as It Is chiefly owned
by the San Francisco dealers, they do not per
mit the market to go down. This applies to
grain hay only, as volunteer descriptions re-
m There were 10S cars of Hay on the tracks
yesterday morning.
BRAN— $12 (MSI* 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$17@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, 116 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill. J26«IZ7: Jobbing. $27 50
(&2S- Cocoanut Cako. ?20«T21: Corn Meal. $24 oO,
Cracked Corn, $25; Mixed Feed. $14.
HAY-Voluntecr. $4 50^6 50: Wheat. $10@12 50;
Wheat and Oat. $9 50@12; Oat. Clover.
$4(ff-6; AUalfa. JC@7 50; Barley. 16 60@S oO per
tO STRAW-25@4Qc oer bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is no further change to report In any
description.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 8503: Small White, $3 350
3 50: large White. $2 73@2 90; Pink. *2 C0@2 90;
Red J2 6OSS3; Blackeye. $3 50@S 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 3065 40; Pea. $3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys. $4®4 50. , „
SEEDS Brown Mustard, nominal; yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. $1 90@2 M'.Canary. 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape. 2%@3c; Hemp. 4@4%c; Tlmo-
DRIEd'PEAS— Nlles. $2 2502 00; Green. $2 25
©2 SO per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes continue In good supply and cheap.
Onions are rather easier. Vegetables show no
change worthy of note, all kinds being In good
3 POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 50c: New Early
Rose 23ST30c:-Hurbank».- 83®B5c per ctl. ¦¦--«-•
ONIONS— Yellow. J1®1 05 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. uOc@$l 2a per
sack' 75cfi$l per crate for Berkeley and $1 25®
1 EO 'for Alameda; Asparagus. 75c®$3 per box;
Green Peas 2«?4c per lb: String Beans, 3«f 4c;
Llmas. 35c; Cabbage. 40<ff50c; Tomatoes, Rivers.
60c«$l; Bay, ; Egp Plant. C0c@$l per box;
Green Okra. $101 25; Green Peppers, 3o(&50c per
box for Chili and 50Cff*l for Bell; Dried Pep
pers S@10c: Carrots, 2.Vo3oc per sack: Summer
Squash, 50375c for : Alameda : Cucumbers, 25<p
35c for Alameda; Plckels, 35@7jc; Garlic. 2&3c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $12@13 per ton.
Two cars of Eastern fall due to-day. The
Poultry and Game.
NOTE— In the above exposition of th- t'.ies
the early morning tides are given In th<» left
hand column and th» successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column th3 third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th*
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th^ heights
given are In addition to the scundlnes on th«»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sl*n (— > precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtnete.-t frrm
th<» depth given br th» charts. The plane of
reference i« th» mean of th> lower low ivitfn.
Sun rises S:°*
Sun 9ets ":23
Moon rises 3:11 a. m.
NEW TORK, July 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
IS.1S3 bbls; exports, SS4S bbls; sales, 6950 pack
ages. Market Inactive and barely steady with
wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 39,770 bushels; exports,
7436 bushels; sales, 2,230.000 bushels futures,
80,000 bushels export: spot, weak; No. 2 red.
S4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, SlUc elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, S6c f. o. b. afloat to
arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, 8Sc f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened steady on a little covering, but
eased oft and were rather weak during the day
under large winter wheat receipts, liquidation,
easier cables and foreign selling: closed weak,
l%c net decline. July closed 82c; September,
SI S-lCJfjSSlic. closed SlUc; December, S2%®
S3 ll-16c, closed S2»4c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Steady.
A'OOL— Firm
COFFEE— Spot Rio. easy; No. 7 invoice,
9%c; mild coffee, quiet; Cordova, 9%<S13%c;
futures closed steady with prices net 10 to 20
points lower; total sales. 41.250 bags, including:
July, $S 10; August. $S«S 05; September. $S 05@
S 10; October, $S 10??S 25; November. $S 25; De
cember, $S 35!fiS 45; January, $S 45; March
$S B5<58 60; May. $8 65«S 70.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 4%c;
centrifugal, 66 test. 4*gc; molasses sugar, 4?ic;
refined sucar, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3492 packages; steady;
creamery. 17ff20c; current packed factory, 14
@16c.
EGGS— Receipts. 11.430 packages. Market
firm; Western at mark. Hig;i3%c for average
lots; Western, loss off, 15%c.
DRIED FRUITS
There were no new developments noted at the
opening of thp week in dried fruits other than
a sllcht decrease in offers of choice and fancy
grades of evaporated apples, but as the demand
seemed fair, the market ruled steady In tone at
rully sustained prices. California dried fruits
were dull and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
3%-55c; prime, 5Vi@5%c; choice, 5V 4 (g6%c; fancy.
"jr;%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%®7c per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll©14c; Moorpark. 15®17c
PEACHES— Peeled, 14§18c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of ti<l# is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JULY 24.
Charters.
-he Afon Alcw loads wheat for Europe. 8>
9<<- prior to arrival, the Archer, merchandise
for Honolulu: the Big Bonanza, lumber at Ta
cr-A Ur FvCnev. t2s €3; prior to arrival, the
Prp'asJ' wheat for Europe. 37s 6d; prior to
*rHvat/"tbe R P Rithet, merchandise for Hono
lulu.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The Mexican schooner La Chllena cleared
yesterday for Santa Rosalia with 1120 feet lum
be- U packages windmill apparatus. 4 cases
mat 4 bundles" hardware. Value. J226.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
Rereirts cf WSr.e and Brandy at this port
during the first half of the year were as fol
lows compared with the same time in 1899:
of Wine. 7.46T.i>Vi gallons, acainst ». 125,140: of
Brandy. 147,1% gallons, against 105, 3:0.
Quicksilver Trade.
Receipt* cf Quicksilver at this port during
the first half of the year were 11.211 flasks.
against 11.513 during the same time last year.
The exports by sea were 4033 flasks, valued at
$220,4^0, against 04"- at $213,413.
Outlook for Wheat.
A Chicago circular gives the following out
look for Wheat:
• 'Government weekly weather and crop bul
letin says ell vegetation in North Dakota ira
jiroved since the rain 'except Wheat, whose
jr cneral condition ha? not improved.' In South
Dakota. 'Wheat has improved except where
previously worthless. promising good yie:d
<'nly in extreme southwestern counties. In
Minnesota. 'Wheat much improved on acre
age remaining.' Special from Taooraa in to
dav's Chicago Record from State Grain Cor.i
m;Vsion«rr says. -Ei-timated yield for State will
have to be cut down as fields expected to
vield 30 to 35 bushels are turning out
2V Portland, Or., advices state that con
servative curators will be satisfied with
a 41.000.00 bushf-I aggrefcate yield in
Oregon, Washington and Idaho. The Win
nipeg Commercial of the 14th inst. says. "Rains
came too late to ir.sare a good crop and v.-e
cannot improve on our previous estimate.'
Reports to railroads show no Improvement in
e-ome parts of Manitoba, while In others the
rair.s are thought to have added two bushels
j.er acre.
"In TmufWM farmer* threshed their Whect
from w*t sheaves and are now unable to sell
the <5anr;\ tough grain except at a great dis
count, 4'.c being paid for same of it. while
pood Wheat brings 74c. On reduced world's
exports the amount on ocean passage has de
clined from 42.f«X>.000 bushels April 23 to 29.-
OKi.OOO bushels now. The movement yetterday,
showing total receipts of Wheat at primary
rr.arkets. seaboard and gulf ports 5*1.000 bush
els a*rains=t l.S21.<*>0 bushels same day la-st
year, is an Indication of the showing that will
6oon be made in our own storks, In compari
son with former pea^or.s. Little Wheat is no<v
l*-ir.g received anywhere except at Kansas
City and St. Louis. The visible promises to <:¦¦
crease Ftea4ily. contrasting forcibly with the
urual liberal increase in former seasons. The
outlook is extremely bullish, but may not be
felt immediately in the speculative market."
Weather Report.
02001 Mer!«!an— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 23. 5 p. m.
The following are the maximum temperatures
reported tram stations in Calif orr.ia to-day:
Eureka 60;Lr>» Angeles 94
Mount Tamalpa.1* 72: Sacramento S4
Indoj^ndence 90:fan Luis Obispo S6
Red Bluff S"5 ian Diego 84
Fresno 56
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
C>: minimum. £3; mean. €2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
An area of high pressure overlies the coast of
Northern California and Oregon. A trough of
low prof-sur* 1 extends from the valley of the
Colorado northward to thf> Canadian boundary-
Licht rain has fallen !n Northern Utah and
Southern Idaiio. Showers are also reported
In < >regon. A thunderstorm is reported at Po
cjitello.
The temrerature hss fallen rapidly over the
r.onhrr. half of the Pacific slope. It has risen
over Nevada and Utah. Throughout California
the temjK-ratures are above th» normal.
A maximum wind velocity of 36 miles per
hour from the southeaft is reported at Poca
tello.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight July 24. IS09:
Northern • "allf ornia — Fair Tuesday; light
northwest winds. •
KouthPrn California— Fair Tuesday; continued
warm weather: light westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tufrdaj .
Arizona— Fnlr Tues'lav.
Fan Fran?isco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
fresh westerly winds, with fog in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
I. •.. at nocn of the 121th meridian, or at i
o'clock pw m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIN3.
Lieutenant CommancteT. XT. S. N.. In charge.
period of ease and that a period of quiet in
political affairs Is likely to Intervene before
:he campaign takes on its more active phase,
rhe absence of any engagements of gold for
¦xport to-day also helped the market, as did
ihe favorable crop news. The Bond market
continued dull and prices moved irregularly,
rotal sales, J1.2S5.C0O. United States old 4s
coupon and r.ew 4s advanced %c in the bid
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares .
Sold. Stock- Bid.
I0,'.*> Atchison i°:»
14.0M Atchlson prefd £»;*
3.010 Baltimore & Ohio <«%
Canadian Pacific Hrtj
Z?0 Canada Southern 49%
4.0S5 Chesapeake & Ohio '-«'*
700 Chicago Great Western 11M>
15.SS5 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy......l2.**
150 Chicago, Indianapolis & Louisville. 23
Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 51
Chicago & Eastern Illinois w>
22D Chicago & Northwestern w'J;*
4.4T; Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 10.%
3.025 C C C & St Louis CO
100 Colorado Southern bV«
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41%
Col irado Southern 2d prefd It) 1 *
Delaware & Hudson 11- j
1,000 Delaware. Lack £: Western 177* 1
Denver & Rio Grande L%
300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 66%
Erie H
.610 Eri? 1st prefd 33
' 217 Great Northern prefd !»•»
450 Hoc-king Coal «J»
100 Hooking Valley 35%
2,343 Illinois Central lj-0
300 Iowa Central <W
Iowa Central prefd ?»
Kansas City. PlttFburg & Gulf IC
100 I-ake Erie & Western -*>
Lake Erie & Western prefd M
Lake Shore "J°
5.330 Louisville & Nashville >*
13.14.*. Manhattan Elevated ?l%
2 997 Metropolitan Street Railway 106
4,060 Mexican Central J3'«
330 Minneapolis & St Louis 56
6 0"0 Missouri Pacific jjl 1 *
Mobile & Ohio 3S
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 9%
SCO Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 32
K00 New Jersey Central 1^'t
2.3C2 New York Central Hn-
LKO Norfolk & Western 33 's
137 Norfolk & Western prefd nH
4.LM0 Northern Pacific
1.115 Northern Pacific prefd <-
1,6-0 Ontario & Western -'>%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd ib
11.210 Pennsylvania ***V
714 Reading • ¦ J1J»
g.3'X) Reading 1st prefd 60^ 4
1.0C) Reading 2d prefd , «
Rio Grande Western o»%
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
St Louis & San Francisco »H
Pt Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 66%
610 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33%
700 St Louis. Southwestern 9%
1430 St Louis, Southwestern prefd »5^
13'.413 Et Paul "^
St Paul prefd... 1'J
St Paul & Omaha "2%
2M45 Southern Pacific 34%
CfiO Southern Railway 11%
371.O Southern Railway prefd s.%
Texas & Pacific }*y
25 470 Union Pacific MJi
5.S40 Union Pacific prefd <|j*
Wabash '»
415 -Wabash prefd W
ITS Wheeling & L E... ¦• \*»
1.050 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd
Wisconsin Central 14*4
Express Companies—
Adams }i%
American
United States «
Wells-Fargo i 23
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 34%
'.'.".'.'." American Cotton Oil prefd 89 1
2<'.Q American Malting 3% ;
6-">0 American Malting prefd 20 |
1030 Amer Smelting & Refining 3 ',* !
'200 Amer Smelting & Refining prefd.. SS\ 1
American Spirits 1^
American Spirit? prefd 17
2,923 American Steel Hoop 22» t
2W American Steel Hoop prefd C.<%
15 1<4 American Steel & Wire 3o%
1.6C5 American Steel & Wire prefd 74%
MO American Tin Plate 23%
210 American Tin Plate prefd 76
I1.3£Q American Tobacco 94
American Tobacco prefd 123
450 Anaconda Mining Co 43'i
39,M!> Brooklyn Rapid Transit h%%
4.5.V) Colorado Fuel & Iron 35%
1.496 Continental Tobacco 23%
100 Continental Tobacco prefd ~9V t
120 Federal Steel 35>4
3.240 Federal Sterl prefd CS
700 General Electric 130
L205 Glucose Sugar S2«i
400 Glucose Sugar prefd 100
International Paper 22%
100 International Paper prefd 65%
Laclede Gas 75%
National Biscuit prefd 81
200 National Lead 20>4
National Lead prefd 95%
1.100 National Steel 26%
340 National Steel prefd S4
2f« New York Air Brake 13?
1,600 North American IZ%
220 Pacific Coast 63 1 i
Pacific Coast Ul prefd 83
1<V) Pacific Coast 2nd prefd R3
9iV) Pacific Mall 32'4
10.0DO People's Gas 100
7C0 Pressed Steel Car 43
100 Prised Steel Car prefd 73
Pullman Palace Car 181
100 Standard Rope & Twine C
33,735 Sugar 127%
Fugar prefd 116%
16.035 Tennessee Coal & Iron 74H
25.707 United States Leather 11%
l.OOO United States Leather prefd «S%
2 000 United States Rubber 24
United States Rubber prefd S3
mO Western Union 79^
j CR5 Republic Iron & Steel 12%
, 450 Republic Iron & Steel prefd E4Vi
P C C & St Louis 58
[ 100 Third Avenue 110
* 425.600 Shares sold.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
U B 2» ref. reg M K & T 2<3s 69%
(when issued).... 104 Do 4s 91>,
Do coup 104 N Y Cent lsts log
Do 2s reg 1W N J Cent gen Ss..l22%
l>o 3s reg 109'4 N Pacific 3s 66
Do 3s coup 110>4 Do 4s 104Vi
Do new 4s r*(r....l2:'H N Y C & St L 4s..lO6V4
Do new 4s coup. .133^ N'or & West con 4s. 97^
Do old 4s reg. ...113% Or Nav lets 108
Do old 4» coup-.-USH Do 4s 102*i
Do 5b reg IlSVi Or Short Line 6s. .128%
Do 5s coup 114% Do con os 112
D of Columb 3.C5S.123 Reading Gen 4s.... 8SV4
Atchlson Gen 4s....l01'4 R O Western lets.. SS%
Do adj 4b S3% St L & I M con 5s.H0
Can South 2ds 107% St L & E F Oen 6s. 122
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 99V* Et Paul cons 1CC%
Do 6s U6H St P C & Pac lsts.H6V*
Chic & N con 7s. ...141 Do 6s 118%,
Do S F Deb ts..l21 South Pacific 4s 79
Chic Term 4» 92% Bouth Hallway 6s..lOS%
Colo South 4s S3 Stand R & T 6s.. 71
D & R G lsts 102 Tex & Pac Ists... .111ft
Do 4s 97% Do2df 65
Erie Gen 4b C9% Union Pacific 4«....105%
Ft W & D C lsts. 71 VTabash lsts 116
General Electric 5s.ll7 - Do 2ds 103%
Iowa Cent Uts 113 West Shore 4s 113
K C P & G lsts.... "UilWis Cent lsts feS
L & Nnsh unit 4s. 9S%i\'a Centuries 1.0
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 '.Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 82
Con Cal & Va 1 33:Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 'Quicksilver 1 69
Gould Sz Curry 20i Do prefd 6 50
Hale & Norcross.. 17 Sierra Nevada 22
Homestake CO W Standard 4 00
Iron River MiUnlon Con 17
Mexican 12. Ytllow Jacket 16
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Union Pacific r 68% '
Tall loans 2^3 West End 93%
Time loans 3@4 West Electric 45
Stocks— Win Central 14
Atchlson 26% Bonds-
Do prefd 60»,i Atchlson 4s.... 99%
American Sugar 127% N D Gas & C 6b.. 66
Do prefd 117 Mir.ine Shares—.
American Tele 145 Adventure 2
Boston & Albany. .212 Allouez Mln Co.... 1
Boston Elevated. ...142% Arnal Copper ....... £5%
Boston & Maine. .189 Atlantic 23
Chic B it Q 127% Boston & Montana. 834
CHICAGO, July 23.— Wheat was a very tame
market to-day. Liverpool showed practical
ly no response to the advance here Saturday
and world's shipments were large, showing
good increases from Russia and the Danub'an
country- September opened J /4Slc under Sat
urday. There was some covering by shorts
for profits, a little buying by traders follow
ing this and September rallied to 78%c. The
rally which traders were playing for failed
to materialize because of outside sympathy
and a reaction followed. Heavy receipts and
a very slack cash business during the re-<* cf
the session held the market true to the down
ward course and the windup was lifeless and
weak. September dropped to 76%ic and closed
l%c lower at 78*iig 76 7 sc. Corn was quiet but
steady, holding firmly, against the weakness
in Wheat after it had made a small concession
to the attitude assumed by the more import
ant cereal. September closed up at 39Vi
(S39»ic. Oats were dull. September closed s ic
under Saturday at 23Hc Provisions opened
nrm on light Hog receipts and an advance
at the yards. Trade wan dull, however. Hogs
turned easier; there was no export demand
and the Wheat weakness was depressing, all
of which cost the Hog product market its
early sr.lu and more, too. September closed
22Vfcc unior Saturday, Lard 5c down and Ribs
Sc lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close.
\\ heat No. 2—
July 76?i 75% 75% 75%
August 7GH 77»S 15% 15%
Corn No. "2- * TOH 76 V ™%
July 39H 39*i 39V« 39H
August 2S% 39»i 3<Hi 39*4
"%^"" 39H 39% 39H 39%
July 23 23 22T4 22%
August 23H 23H 23 23'2
September .., 23 H 23% 23* 23?n
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 1180
September 12 15 12 20 1190 11 92U
Lard, per 100 lbs—
¦Tuly e $0
September 6 90 6 92% 6 80 6 82%
October 6 92\4 6 95 6 85 6 85
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July ;# . 695
September 7 05 7 07% 6 97% 6 97«i
October 7 00 7 02V4 6 95 6 95 "
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat. 73c; No. 2 red, 7S@7S^c;
No. 2 corn. 39%c; No. 2 yellow, 39$i®40c; No. 2
oats. S4U&24%c; Xo. 2 whltf. 2G©27>4c: No. 3
white. 25U^27'4c; No. 2 rye. 54ft54!4c; fair to
choice malting barley, 48i&48c; No. 1 flaxseed
Jl 70; No. 1 Northwestern, Jl 74<gl 73; mess
pork, per barrel, JU 40@ll S5; lard, per 100
pounds, $6 70SC S2%; short ribs sides (loose),
$7<B7 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%<S7c;
short clear sides (boxed), $7 45®7 60; whlBky
basis of high wines, Jl 23&; clover, contract
rrade, JS.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17.000 23,000
Wheat, bunhels 76.000 58,000
Corn, bushels 275.000 1,146,000
Oats, bushels 15,000 183.000-
Hye, bushels 5.000 4.000
Barley, bushels 10.000 6.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 15@19Hc; dairies,
14iJM7c. Cheese, firm; gHQ'lO'ic. Eggs, firm;
fresh, ll%c.
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Spot Wheat higher and futures lower. .
Barley firmer in sympathy with Wheat.
Oats still in good demand and firm.
Corn and Rye dull and unchanged. .
Hay rules weak under heavy receipts.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Butter and Eggs very firm. Cheese weak.
Poultry nominal.
Fresh and dried fruits about the same.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Meats as previously quoted.
Dominion Coal 39 Butte & Boston 66
Do prefd 113 Calumet & Hecla..743
Federal Steel 35% Centennial ;. 17^
Do prefd 67»4 Franklin 13>i
Fltchburg prefd... .136 Humboldt 25
General Electric. ..130% Daceola 66%
Do prefd 137 Parrot 42
Mexican Central... ]3',i Cjuincy 138
Michigan Tele 85 Santa Fe Cop 5
N E Gas & Coke.. 16 r g 'Tamarack 193
Old Colony SOS Utah Mining 2S<4
Old Dominion l?v. Wlnona «. 2'.fc
Rubber 24V 4 Wolverines 3S
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, July 23.— Money on call, steady;
HiSl** per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
steady; i'Qi\ per cent.- Sterling exchange,
firm, with actual business In bankers' bills at
$4 S7@4 S7V» for demand and at $4 S3 7 4lff4 S4 for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 84^@4 83 and $4 SSi4
Commercial bills. H S4U<f4 84>4. Bar silver,
61\ic. Silver certificates. ClU^eSHc. Mexican
dollars. 48Uc Government bonds, strong; State,
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, July 23.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J1J2,686,856; eold, J70.915.323.
London Market.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July 23.— Atchlson, 26%; Canadian
Pacific. 91H; .Union Pacific preferred, 73^;
Grand Trunk. CH: Anaconda, $%: Rand Mines,
S9V4; bar silver, quiet, 28 3-16d per ounce;
money, 2}i«?3 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, July 23.— Porter Brothers Com
pany's sales of California fruit:
Grapes— Fontainebleau. 75c@Jl 45. Plums—
Wlckson, $1 10@l 45; P. D., 65c@$l 10; Yellow
Ese, Jl 05®l 10; Diamond, Jl 10; Bradshaw,
40@9Oc; Columbia, 90c; Comedy. 80@90c: Japan,
85c; Burbank. S5c; Washington. 75c. Prunes-
Tragedy. S0e<g$l: German, 85c@$l 13; Gros. SI.
Pears— Bartlett, SOciJTJl 10 box and 55@60c half
box; Congress, 45c half box. Apricots, 43c@$l 30
single crate. Nineteen cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Earl Fruit Company s
sales of California fruit:
Pears— Bartlett, Jl 25@1 85 box. Peaches-
Crawford, 65c<gU box. Plums— Burbank, 70c©
Jl 15 single crate; Kelsey Japan. SOogU 40;
Purple Duane, 70c@Jl 03: Katsuma. 70«8Cc.
Prunes— Germans. 90c@$l 10 single crate; Trag
edy. SOcign 10. Sixteen car* fruit sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, July 23.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2100,
including 400 Texans and 1400 Westerns. Ac
tive, 10c higher: butchers' stock, strong and ac
tive; natives, best on sale to-day, eleven car
loads, $5 75; good to prime steers, $5 15@5 SO;
j>oor to medium. $4 C5@5 10; selected feeders,
steady, $4 40#4 75; mixed stockers. $3 2o@3 So;
cows, J3@4 00; heifers, $3Q"5 13: canners, $2@
2 K5; bulls. $3(ff4 60; calves, $4 50@6 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 22,000: to-morrow, 17,000; left
over, 41C0. Mostly 10c higher at closing, weak.
Top, $3 45; mixed and butchers, $5 lu'&'S 45; good
to choice heavy, $5 20©3 43; rough heavy, tW
5 15; light, $iri5@5 42^; bulk of. sales, $a 30®
5 40:
SHEEP — Receipts, K.000; sheep. 10@loc
higher: lambs, steady. Good to choloc weth
ers. $4 10@4 40:' fair to choice mixed, $3@4;
Western sheep, J4 10@4 40; Texas sheep, I3<&4;
native lambs, $4©5 75; Eastern lambs, ?5@6.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 23.— Consols, SS; Silver,
28 3-16d; French Rentes. 90f 92V4c. Wheat,
cargoes on passage, firm, but not active; No. 1
Standard California. 30s 9d; Walla Walla,
29d 3s; Oregon. 30d 7%s; English country mar
kets, steady; Imports Into United Kingdom,
•wheat 188,000; Imports Into United Kingdom,
flour .235,000; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kincdom. 2.360.000; A-hia: and flour on
passage to Continent, l,350,LC0. Indian ship
ments of wheat to United Kingdom, none; In
dian shipments of wheat to Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL, July 23.— WHEAT— Firm; No.
1 standard California, Cs,2%dg6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, steady: flour In Paris, firm; French
country markets, steady. Cotton, Uplands,
6 27-32d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL July 23.— WHEAT— Spot, firm;
No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 3&d; No. 1 Califor
nia, Cs 2d@5 3d. Futures— Quiet; July, nominal;
September. 6sl\4d; December, 6s 2Vid.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, 3s ll^d;
do old. 3s HM;d. Futures— Steady; September.
3s ll%d ; November, 3s Vid.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 23.— Clearings, $101,
810; balances, fld.iZS.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, July 23.— Exporters are quoting
Walla Walla and valley wheat nominal at 55c
and E6c, but there is not much disposition to do
business on the part of either the buyers or the
sellers.
TACOMA, July 23.— Wheat, steady, un
changed; bluestem, E9c; club. 57c; both for ex
port.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
California Fruit Sales.
market is practically bare. Doves are doing
a little better. _, ».».,„_„
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9®llc for Gobblers
and 10@12Hc for Hens; Geese, per pair $1 26.
Coslings, $1 25<ei 50; Ducks, $8@4 50 for old ana
13 50<S5 for young; Hens. S3 50@3 1 op: Young
Roosters, $t 50<S6; Old Roosters. $3 oO@4; Fryers.
$3@3 50; Broilers, $2 75@ 1 3 for large and $1 W©
2 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
old and $1 25<J?1 E>0 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, £0@60c per dozen.
Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
The best grades of Butter and Eggs are very
firm, supplies showing considerable diminution
from last week, and some dealers are quoting
an advance. The tendency Is decidedly up
ward. Cheese continues in free supply, and
easy.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 20c; seconds, 19c.
Dairy— Fancy. 17H018c; good to choice. 15te@
17c; common, 14Q:i5c „,.-
CHEESK— N»»w. MJj»c; Young America. 9^,'J
10c; Eastern, 13H®14%c: Western, 10@12c per Xt>.
EGGS— Quoted at 14®16e for store and 17Vi@
21c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14® 17c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was very little new. yesterday. The
failure of a Sacramento house has thrown a
quantity of Bartlett Pears, destined for the
East, upon the market, weakening it consider
ably. Good Peaches are firm. Apricots con
tinue to drag. Grapes are in better supply,
but fairly steady. Plums are dull. Melons are
lower, though the weather is warmer and In
their favor. Figs are scarce and higher. Lem
ons and Limes have again advanced, being
scarce. Oranges are disappearing.
UKOTDUOUti FKUITS— .
APRICOTS— l^Oc per box and crate, and
$10@15 per ton to the canners.
APPLES— 35c@$l for large *><rxes: Oraven
steUis, $1@1 25: Crabapples, 2a@40c per small
box. and 50(fT75c per laree box. . iE/f »
PEARS— Bartletts, 25(g65c in boxes and $15®
20 per ton In bulk. «««,-„
PLUMS— 20@50c per box and crate, and 20^3jc
per basket; In bulk. $7 50@15 per ton; Prunes.
30©50c per crate and 23^40c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES-$2 5Ofi3 50 per chest for
large and $2 50<f?u for Fmall berrrles.
RASPBERRIES— $5fj7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES rer chest.
CURRANTS— $2@3 50 per chest.
HUCKLERERRIES— t>@Sc per lb.
FIGS— Per box. 4O@5Oc for single and II for
25f 30c per box; red,
PEACHES— 25©50c per box and 20S33C per
basket; in bulk, $15®20 per ton; Sawyer's Seed
lings, 75c per basket.
GRAPES— From Arizona, $1®1 2a per crate
for white and 65c for black; Fontainebleau.
from Vacavllle. 25@S0c per crate; Muscats, .ac
per crate: Seedless. $1 25 per crate.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 75^51 50 per case; Can
taloupes $1 75^2 50 per crate; Watermelons,
from Fresno. $S«!0 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valencias, $1 oO®2; Lem
ons, $1 23(512 50 for common and $3^4 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 5OS6; Bananas,
75c'?i'$2 50 per bunch; Pineapplies, $1 50@3 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The week opens on a quiet and unchanged
market.
DRIED FRUITS — Old Crop^-Prunes, nom
inal—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples. W§6c;
sun-dried. 3@4c per lb: Black Figs. 1%®2c;
White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached Plums. 7Hc; Un
bleached Plums, 6c for pitted and lHc for un-
P NEW CROP — Apricot*. 6®7Hc per lb;
Peaches. 5®Cc here; Pears. 5@7c; Plums, pitted,
RA.ISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb 10c: choice. 9c; standard, Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy per lb. SVic; choice. 7H«: standard. 6Hc;
Drime' 5c- unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. Cc; 2-crown. loose Muscatels, S^c;
S crown 6Vlc; 4-crown. 7c; London Layer?, 2
crown $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
"Vc UTS— Walnuts. 8®3c for Standards and 9©
10c for softshells; new Almonds. lOH^llc for
papershell. 8%@S%cj for soft and for hard
shell Peanuts. 6*4®6**c for Eastern and 5c for
California; Brazil Nuta. 7H®Sc; Filberts. 12®
12"Ac- Pecans ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 5005.
HO'NEY— Comb. 12V4@13c for bright and 11@
12c for light amber; water whlU, 7V4@7Hc: light
amber extracted. fi%©7c: dark. 6c per lb.
BEESWAX-24S26C per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. I0(310^c per lb for
heavy. 10U@10He for light medium. ll%c for
light, l.^c for »xtra light and 14V4c for sugar
cured. Eastern susar-cured Hams, 12frl3c;
Mess Beef, J12 per bbl; extra Mess. $13; Fam
ily $14; extra Prime Pork, $15; extra clear, $13;
Me'ss $16 50; Smoked Beef. l2U<frl3c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8Hc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
8%c 10-lb tins, 9Vlc; 5-lb tins, 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, ST^c; three
half-barrels. 8%c; one tierce, b%c; two tierces.
4V4c: five tierces. S%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9Hc.; medium. 8Hc; light. 8>4c; Cow
hides. SHc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf. 9c;
Dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands. 13c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 10016c: Sheepskins,
Shearlings, 20g30c each; short Wool, 30350c
each; medium. GO@SOc; long Wool, 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt. $2@2 25 for large. $l 75
for medium. $1 for small and 50e for colts:
Horse Hides, dry. tl 50 for large, Jl 25 for me
dium, Jl for small and 23>05Oc for colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 3>c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
e ns lii Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium. »Gc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2,
3c: refined. 5%c; grease. 2@2%e.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 14@15c; Northern defective. 12®
14c- Middle County, free. 14??16c: Middle Coun
ty defective. 12@14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. ll@12c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 10012c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 menths*. 9ff?llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16ffl8c; Nevada. 13©16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs', 8(J?9c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 5@10c per lb; new, 10®12c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 5@6Uc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 8H©9c; small, 9H@I0Ho per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®8c; ewes. 7@7}4c per
pour.d. -
LAMB— Spring. SH@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hors. 6c for small. 5%{r5T4c for
medium and 5H@ 5 *»c for large; stock Hoga and
feeden.. 5%c; dressed Hogs, S@3%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $5 Go; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6V*t6y*c; Wool Bags, 2S^@S2Hc;
Fleece Twine. "H=: Fruit Bags. S'i'JS^c for
white and 8K®SXc for bleached white.
COAL— Wellington, |9 ' per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, J9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, S6; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend.
$9; Cumberland. ?12 in bulk nnd J13 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite GgK, $14: Cannel. til
per ton; Coke, ?16 per ton In bulk and $13 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. JS 50 per
ton and $S 45 per 2000 pounds according to
brand.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining: Com
pany ~» quotes, per lb, in 100-lb ba>rs: Cubes, 'A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.20c; Powdered,
6.S0c; Candy Granulated, 5.80c: Dry Granulated.
5.70c; Confectioners' A. 5.70c; Magnolia A. 6.30c;
Extra C. 5.20c; Golden C. 5.10c: barrel*. 10c
more; half-barrels, 23c more: boxes, 50c more"
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels, _6.43c; boxes. 6.70c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JULY 23.
Flour, qr sks 14.332 Hay. tons.- 1,232
Wheat, ctls 10,360 Straw, tons 6
Barley, ctls 13,530 Wool, bales 4
Rye, ctls 410 Pelts, bdls 740
Cheese, ctls 29 Hides, No 2.793
Butter, ctls 284 EKgs, doz 16,160
Tallow, ctls 377 Quicksilver, flsks 11C
Beans, 8ks 1.03S | Leather, rolls.... 264
Totatoes, sks 4,082 Chicory, kegs.... 33
Onions, sks $37 Sugar, bags 1,300
Bran, sks 863|Lime. bbls 273
Middlings, sks... 470!"vV'lne, gal 43,000
WASHINGTON.
. Flour, qr sks 6,834'Shorts, sks 1250
Bran, sks 3,430| '
ARRIVED.
Monday. Ju!y 13.
Etmr Luella. Miller. 17 hours from X-"s»l-
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 20 hours frcm Bear
Harbor. _ ,
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 23 hours from Eureka.
Itr stmr Warfleld, Pattle. 4 daj-3 from O>-s
tC Xor Vtmr Tltanla, Gulllksen. S3 hours from
Nanalrno. _, .
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson. 24 hours from Flsa
ROCk " CLEARED.
Monday. July 23.
Stmr Chas D Lane, Wafner. Seattle; Wild
Goose M & T Co.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Diego; Goou
* Mex e ?'tmr 3 La Chilinea, Boke. Santa Rosalia;
J Meyehnk & Co.
Aus stmr Siam, Xigga, Chema!nu3; Macondry
& C °- SAILED.
Monday, July 13.
rtmr Alcazar. Martin. .
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. .
Stmr Prosreso. Zollins. Seattle.
Stmr Cleone. lladsen. Caspar.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Dorrls. Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. .
Br ship Windsor Porke. I^amble. Queenstowa.
Br ship Blackr.r=»es. Graham. Queenstown.
Bktn Tarn o" Shanter. Wilson. Willapa Uar
: bor.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. July 21— Br ship Charcplon. from
Port Hodlock. at Antofogaata. wa3 in collision
with Br ship Kinnaird. from Newcastle. Aus.
Both vessels were much damaged.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 23. 10 p ro— Weather
clear; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA - Arrived July 23 - Schr J M
Weatherwax. hence July 17.
Sailed July 23— Stmr North Fork, for San
Fl ?rrlvVd"july 23— Stmr Orizaba, hence July 22.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed July 23— Schr
Vena from Nome, for Port Blakeley.
Arrived July 22— Ship Lucile, hence July 5.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 22— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
GREENWOOD — Arrived July 23 — Stmr
Greenwood, hence July 22.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 20— Stmr South Port-
a Arrlved July e 22— Stmr Rosalie, from Alaska.
July 20— Nor stmr Kvarvan, from Liverpool.
July 13— Stmr Tacoma. from Tacoma.
TACOM A— Arrived July 23— Bark Big Bonan
za, from Port Townsend.
Sailed July ID— Br ship Haddon Hall, for
Queenstown. _»
ST MICHAEL-Arrlved July 6-Schr R V,
Bartlett. from Port Gamble.
FORT BRAOG — Arrived July 23— Stnir Na
tional City, her.ee July 22. .-'"m rw.
Sailed July 22— Stmr Alcatraz. for San Fran-
Cl HILO-Arr1red July 7-Schr Robert R Hird
hence June 21; schr Allen A from Pu«et Pour.d
HONOLULU— Arrived <V July 11-strar Le* 1^"
naw. hence July 1; fchr Helene hence July -^
rchr Balnbridxe. from Port Gamble; schr Mary
E Footer, hence June 2!>. July l.—^...r v> 1 1
t^r Julv li-Schr Azalea, from Grays Har-
x G Rores! *or New York: schr
T U^^Hh tor San Francisco: bktn Omega,
f^WllS Harbor July 13-Stmr Leelanaw.
*V«»iy £-»&» ----- - —
NEW YORK-Arrire.: July 14-SWp Arthur
SeVall. frcm^ernooL
MAZATI.AN-Salled July 21-Stmr Curacao.
t0T Jilvu^z"rt July 21-Stmr Oty of
c for ?an Francisco.
S> vnt-oHAMA-?al!M July 13-Br strnr Anryle.
Jwio" June 30-Ger ship Nymphe, for
n ?^T 1 F K OF 1S WIGHT-Fassed July 21-Br ih!p
liiWtfafMJ hence March 7. for London.
QLFF-NSTOWN - Sailed July 21-Br thlp
M "xNV* h * r;o r f=ALlA- r s*lled July 13-Br .hip
23-Stmr Qty .(
i o* Seattle, from
S r a \PE y NOME— Arrived July »-Schr Wing and
TVirnr from New Whatcom.
Safled July 11-Schr Sailor Boy. for Port Had
1O f- k RAYS IT \RBOR- Sailed July 20— Schr C H
Merchant, for San Pedro. July 22-Schrs Mar
lon Jennie Thelln and C H Merchant, for San
Francisco: strrr Coqullle River, for San Fran
' Cl Arriv«d July 22— Schr Volant, hence July 3.
t u1v -i—scnr Jennie Stella, from San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July 23— Stmr Sunol, fcr
<an Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 22— Stmr Despatch, for
=eattle July 23 — Stmr Del Narte. for San
Francisco^, and not July 22. aa previously re
1 V°rl«*. 0CEAN - STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 22— Stmr Em
pre?s of China, from Vancouver, for Hongtconic.
Sailed July 1!*— Stmr Argyll, from Ilonskong.
, for Portland, Or.
CHERBOURG— Arrived July 21-Strr.r Barba
roasa. from New York, for Bremen.
ANTWERP- Arrive.1 July 23— Stmr Noord
¦ land, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 23— Stmr Saxonla,
from Boston. t
HAMBURG— Sailed July 23-Stmr Graf Wa."
dersee. for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 23— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam; stmr Georglc, tror.:
Llverj^col.
BERGEN— Arrived July J3— Stmr Au*u*n
• Victoria, from New York,
Shipping Intelligence.
T . Lt Co 6a. — — Cal S D & T..104 105
Do 6s! - - First Xattonl.273 2S5
L A Intd 53...100 - Lon P & A. ...132 -
L A P R R 5s. - 101*i Merchants' Ex 15 -
Market-st 6s... - 128% Nev Nat Bk.. - -
1st M Cs.llSH - Savings Banks
¦^ <-. »^ Q » 7s. — Ger S & L 1S90 —
\f R of Cat 63.113 — Hum S & L... — —
Do 5s . -nm - ' Mut Sav Bk... 45 -
V P C R R 6s.l0l' — S F Sav U....505 —
Do 5s 105 - S-v & L So.... 74 73
v ril rir'fa 111*4 — Sec Sav Bk — —
Oak G L&H! 3 :no£ - Union T Co - -
SffiffiftT'2 S CaSnlf'^r-
Pnwell-st R 6s TO — Powder Stocks—
«?r iri inn - California ....155 162^
| a F & SJV5s.ll9!412O Giant Con Co. Ig 87'i
S Ry of Cal 63.111 HIM Vlgorlt •••••¦• 2 H 3^
I^^^Ll ll -" Hfw a C S /s C &87^^
I P Dr 6 "..! !l32 - Kllauea S P C Wk 20
S V Water 6s.U5tf - Makewell S C 46% 46%
Do 4s 103'.il04 Onomea S Co 26 —
Do 3d mtK..102Mi— Paauhau S Co JIVi —
Stocktn Gas 6s »* - J * 1 '? cl "-i. laneous r: T1 . „,..
Water Stocks- AI Pack -ssn.inWlSV*
Contra Costa.. 67% GS% Cal Fruit Assn - 99
Mirin County 50 — Mer Ex Assn. 9. 100
Spring Valley. M* 95 Cyanic S Co. 52% 93
Gas &. Electric— Pac A F A.... — —
Cent G L Co.. - - Pac C Bor Co. ISO -
Cent L & P Co 4% IV, Par Paint Co.. 10 -
Morning Session.
Board— „
35 Makawell 46 S.Vi
10 Market-street Railway 64 00
100 S F Gaslight j»,
75 S F Ga« & Electric Co 49 12>
150 S F Gas & Klectric Co 49 25
Street —
75 Onomea Sugar Co 26 00
$5000 S F & S J V bonds lw w
Afternoon Session.
Board —
14 First National Bank 274 CO
15 Giant Powder Con 8.00
25 Honokaa S Co 32 00
40 Market Street Railway 64 00
€0 Oceanic S S Co 92 7o
JoOOO Oceanic S S bonds 104 i a
100 Paauhau S P Co 31 2o
GO S F Gas & Electric Co 49 o0
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. 3 90 49 7o
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 &7>,i
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 00.
20 S V Water. 3 3 34 .o
Street— _ ..
100 Honokaa S Co « o0
120 Market Street Railway 64 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board— ,_ „
10 Blue Goose *» 00
375 Home Oil * £
10 Kern River la °°
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Home Oil * ™
50 Twenty-eight I 20
The following: were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Ses3lcn.
SCO Alpha OS 123 Savage 12
200 Crown Point... 13 DCO Seg Belcher 04
Afternoon Session.
2<"'O Alpha OS S00 Overman 10
100 Caledonia 80 600 Potosl 13
200 Crown Point... 13 100 Standard 4 23
500 Exchequer 01 100 Union Con 13
1C0 Gould & Curry. 23 40.) Utah 09
GO Ophlr 66 t
The following" were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 C C & Va 1 47'i 500 Seg Belcher 04
800 O\-erman li> 200 Silver Hill 56
200 Cherman 09 £00 Utah 09
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha Con 07 300 Savage 12
20O Best & Belcher 21 300 Savage 11
200 C C & Va 1 4TVj 1000 Seg Belcher 03
500 Crown Point.... 12 200 Sierra Nevada. 23
200 Hale & Norcrs. 211 300 Silver Hill 5.
wi Mexican 1"5 1 2f>0 Yellow Jacket.. 21
200 Ophir 66 1 SCO Yellow Jacket.. 20
200 PotOSl 13'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
MONDAY, July 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ! Bod.Ask.
Alpha 07 08 ljustlce 19 10
Alta 08 CS Kentuck — 01
Andes 04 Co ilJidy Wash.... 02 03
P.elcher 13 13 Mexican 13 11
Best & Belcher 20 22 ,Occldental 0. 08
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr »» 6.
Caledonia 73 S2 Overman C9 10
Chollar 15 16 iPotosi 13 14
Challenge Con. 13 13 jFavage 11 1-
Confldence 63 70 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 43 1 50 Be* Belcher.... 02 C3
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Ne\-ada. 2o 26
Con New York. — 03 jSilver Hill 60 »J
Eureka Con.... — 50 St. Louis la —
Crown Point... 12 14 Standard 4 20 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — PS
Gould & Curry- 22 24 Union Con IS 20
Hale & Nor.... 20 22 Utah C9 10
julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 20 21
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTERN.
J Fursey Portland IK B Stirling. Shasta
L R Tull. Napa |F L Potter. Oakdale
F Gay Sacto !E J Apaolasa, L Ang
V M Becknell. S Jose JW A Edwards, L Ang
J Mulroy. Fresno ,J Reynolds &w, Fresno
T H GogKlns. Vallejo D A Hubart. N Orleans
T Foley, Vallejo A Sylvester. Uklah
PALACE HOTEL.
G G Klmball. R Bluff ;J D Morgan. Botlnas
II B Wood & w, S Jose. H L Brackenburg & w,
F G Smith. Sacto ) London
K -\ West, Stockton L C Strauss A. w, N Y
J M Scott. Oakdale I Mr Nichlrama. Japan
J D Weaver, Chicago ! Mr Takahrla &w. Japn
F II Weaver. ChicaRo | S M Ackley. U S N
F P Mackall. Washing! Mrs W Jackson. China
\V Bartholomew. N J F Tarnada, Japan
G D Easton & W. L An'T Matsuo. Japan
MlfS H Crossman. N YiG Tyson. Boston
Miss M Bach, NY jS W Very US N
Mtsa A French. N Y |W H Checkering . L G
E Mayer & w. S Diego i Miss E Chickering. LG
W Wise & w. N T ! W CartwrlRht, London
J E Levl. N Y G K Dewy. N Y
J A Clarke, NY J W Piper. Boston
Mrs D G Cook, St L I F O Sawa. Tokio
Miss C r> Cook. St L IK Nlshmi. Japan
I Mrs H D Clark. S L G S Dearborn. NY
j Ellis Clark, St Louis J O M Dearborn Jr. N 1
S W Durham, P Grove IF L Luff. Salt Lake
J G Penn & w. Va R Gunther & w. 8 L
II Cullanden & w. Mexl
GRAND HOTEL.
H W Walker. Willows :J C Conkllr.g. San Jose
S A Butler, L Angeles \T H Barnerd. Chico
W S Levins. l>awson IE KichaJ-dson. L i.atos
R Alexander. Oregon |T J Wilson. L Angeles
H W Lamb & w. Nebr G A Bu*U. Stockton
W M'Breckenridge, Arjj T McJerktn & Cal
H D Underwood. Or |E W Clark. S L Obspo
E Carney Jr. S Barbk H C Hart. S L Oblspo
K Lehman. St Petrsbrg A Johnston. Hanford
Mrs F L Rich. Butte ;Mi*s A T Arrick. S Jse
D C Mitchell. St Helna J H Spurg & w, Ogden
F C Stettler. Ohio iC Menefee. Covina
H Wittenberg. PortlndjM J,Wrieht A Sacto
Mrs B Bamar. L Ans I> Kevurl. fcacramento
II W Newhall. Manila C Stevens & f. \aca\l
F T Bernard, MarysvllMrs L C Henderson &
J T Jones. Vacavllle d. Carson
J C CamDbell. Nev Cy Mrs J Henderson. Elko
F J Rlchter. Sacto V J Ruh. Cal
J Well. Sacramento Vt D Burnham. N X
F G King. Denver Dr C E Reed & w,
G E Kennedy, Ltvermi Petaluma
C P Lyndall. L Ang H P Ledyard. S Jose
T James. Auburn H Helntz & f. Cat
C \V Eastln. Modesto R G Raaf. Reclamatn
H Railln. Fresno
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 1900.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
TO ARRIVE.
Foreign Futures.
10
LIVERPOOL. ' ,
¦Wheat — Sept. Dec.
Opening: 6 1% 6 2H
Closing 6 1% 6 2V4
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Bept.-Dec.
Opening 19 95 21 CO
Closing 20 00 21 10
Flour-
Opening 25 03 27 C5
Closing 20 15 27 65
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. July 23.— METALS— The mar
ket" for metals to-day ruled rather quiet and
prices were not materially changed, except for
spelter, which was a shade hlcher and firm at
|4 25@4 SO. Tin was quiet and unchanged here,
the nominal price belnK S35. Copper continues
to rule dull at $16 50. Lead— $3 97%®* 02H. Old
iron and steel were offered in lower prices. The
brokers' price for lead was $3 05 and for copper,
$16 50. •• •
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 23.— To-day's cotton mar-
Uet opened higher In response to etrone early
cables from Liverpool. Soon after the opening
perfect crop accounts from the South made
their presence felt. The close was quiet with
prlcee net 10HS13c lower.
Steamer Movements.
Time Ball.
Branch HydroBraphic Offlca. IT. S. N-. Mer
chants' Kxrhanse. San Francisco. Cal..
July. 22, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
Steamer.
I Destination. ]
Sails.
Pier.
Santa Cruz Alaska jjuly 24. 4 pm Pier »
Eureka .... Humboldt [July II. lOamlPier 13
Corona 'San IMpro (July y». 11 im M'-r i»
Arcata ....ICoos Bay |July 23. 12 miPler 13
Umatllla .. Vie & P*t HA. July 15. 11 aimi'ter »
Australia .. Honolulu July 25. I pm;Pler i
Del None. Portland July 26, 8 am|PI*r ?>
North ForkiHumboldt July 16. 9am t Pier .'
Coptic IChina&Japan July 26, 1 pm;PMf?
lionlta (Newport July JS. HaimPlw 11
Coqullle R.IGrays Harbor July 27, 3 pmiPier —
Orizaba ...|Humboldt July 27. 2 pmjPier 9
Columbia ..|Portland July V. llamiPler 24
Abydos I Hamburg July 27. 10 am Pier i
Santa. Rosa! Pan niego July 28. 11 am Pl<?r U
Colon | New York July 2S, 1 pm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. July 30. !pm!Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Newport July 30. 11am Pier 11
Czarina .Seattle July 30
City Puebla Victoria July 30. 9 amiPlcr 0
Steamer.
From.
Due
Columbia -I Portland ljuly 24
Uonlta (Newport July 14
J'.ncklraw ISeattle.. July H
Df. Norte (Portland Juiy I'S
Orizaba Humboldt July 2S
Coqullle RJver.. Grays Harbor July 25
Matteawun Tacoma July 25
Santa Rosa San Diego July 56
City of Puebla.. Victoria July 2S
Crescent City... Crescent City July 26
Curacao Mexico July 27
Alameda Australia July 27
Empire s Ba >" July K
Victoria Oyster Harbor July 27
Point Arena.... Point Arena July ?7
Kureka ...• Humboldt July 2S
Coos Bay Newport July 2S
State or Cal Portland July 29
AvilUmette Seattle...'. July 23
Arcatn Coos Bay July &>
City ot Sydney. New York iJuly :0
Corona ISan DIpbo ,.|.Tulv >o
B
<»
Time! iTlme
Ft. Ft.
U W H W
Time]
r
(TIE
m- 1
Ft.
24 ..
23 ..
.. 3:5s!— 0.8] 10:37 4.71
.. 4:40'— »S\ 11:33 4.91
r.ti ft it! 1">-1« n it
3:27
4:19
«.l
8.0
S.7
zn ..
27 ..
..I 5:53—0.3 12:53 5.2!
5--
i {:<
5.4
23 ..
.. 6:2*ii O.Oi 1:231 5.2!
"ill W! ' IL. W
|H Wj
M ..
•4
"l l:'»i 4^: 7:23! l!o :
17'
l.t
Steamer.
I Destination. ]
Sails.
Pier.
Santa Cruz Alaska jjuly 24. 4 pm Pier »
Eureka .... Humboldt [July II. lOamlPier 13
Corona 'San IMpro (July y». 11 im M'-r i»
Arcata ....ICoos Bay |July 23. 12 miPler 13
Umatllla .. Vie & P*t HA. July 15. 11 aimi'ter »
Australia .. Honolulu July 25. I pm;Pler i
Del None. Portland July 26, 8 am|PI*r ?>
North ForkiHumboldt July 16. 9am t Pier .'
Coptic IChina&Japan July 26, 1 pm;PMf?
lionlta (Newport July JS. HaimPlw 11
Coqullle R.IGrays Harbor July 27, 3 pmiPier —
Orizaba ...|Humboldt July 27. 2 pmjPier 9
Columbia ..|Portland July V. llamiPler 24
Abydos I Hamburg July 27. 10 am Pier i
Santa. Rosa! Pan niego July 28. 11 am Pl<?r U
Colon | New York July 2S, 1 pm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. July 30. !pm!Pier 2
Coos Bay.. Newport July 30. 11am Pier 11
Czarina .Seattle July 30
City Puebla Victoria July 30. 9 amiPlcr 0
B
<»
Time! iTlme
Ft. Ft.
U W H W
Time]
r
(TIE
m- 1
Ft.
24 ..
23 ..
.. 3:5s!— 0.8] 10:37 4.71
.. 4:40'— »S\ 11:33 4.91
r.ti ft it! 1">-1« n it
3:27
4:19
«.l
8.0
S.7
zn ..
27 ..
..I 5:53—0.3 12:53 5.2!
5--
i {:<
5.4
23 ..
.. 6:2*ii O.Oi 1:231 5.2!
"ill W! ' IL. W
|H Wj
M ..
•4
"l l:'»i 4^: 7:23! l!o :
17'
l.t
Steamer.
From.
Due
Columbia -I Portland ljuly 24
Uonlta (Newport July 14
J'.ncklraw ISeattle.. July H
Df. Norte (Portland Juiy I'S
Orizaba Humboldt July 2S
Coqullle RJver.. Grays Harbor July 25
Matteawun Tacoma July 25
Santa Rosa San Diego July 56
City of Puebla.. Victoria July 2S
Crescent City... Crescent City July 26
Curacao Mexico July 27
Alameda Australia July 27
Empire s Ba >" July K
Victoria Oyster Harbor July 27
Point Arena.... Point Arena July ?7
Kureka ...• Humboldt July 2S
Coos Bay Newport July 2S
State or Cal Portland July 29
AvilUmette Seattle...'. July 23
Arcatn Coos Bay July &>
City ot Sydney. New York iJuly :0
Corona ISan DIpbo ,.|.Tulv >o
AUCTION SALES>
AUCTION SALE j^
OF
60 Head Trottini-Brad and Work Horses.
Weii-niatched pairs sorrels, bays and grays.
A number of racers in the lot.
Sired by DF.L PASO, ROBERT LEE. RE-
ECHO. WESTMONT and other «talllon3 and
out of atandard bred mares.
Bred by j. b. HAGGIN. ESQ.. Kern County
-1~L Land Company.
PROPERTY OF CHASE & MENDENHALL.
To be sold on
THURSDAY, JULY 26. 190O.
At 11 a. m.. at Salesyard.
1732 Market St., Cor. Van Ness Ave.
Horses now at yard. Catalogues ready.
CHASE A MENDENHALL,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
, Successors to Killlp & Co.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
fe* &* te*
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH STREET.
WEDNESDAY j u!7 23 . at Q a. m.
By order of Mayor Phelan.
We will sell a lot of FIRE AND POLICE DE-
PARTMENT HORSES;
Also 20 head of GOOD YOUNG HORSES.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
____^ Livestock Auctioneers.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
Watch out for sale o* NICE TURNITTOS
and equipments of beautiful Sat, 1G13 Sutter st.,
Tuesday. July 24, 1300. at 11 o'clock a, m.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.Want a New Charter.
OAKLAND. July 23.— A petition to the
City Council to-night asking for a new
city • charter, signed by 333 names, was
placed on file. It was decided to issue
a call for an election at which the people
will vote on proposed amendments to the
charter.
Says People Stare at Him.
OAKLAND. July 23.— August Bergh.' a
gardener residing at the St. Elmo lodg
ing house on Fifteenth street, was exam
ined on a charge of insanity to-day be
cause he complained at the police station
that people whom he met stared at him.
The testimony of City Health Officer Todd
was to the effect that the patient was suf
fering from a fever. Judge Greene con
tinued the case until to-morrow.
Millions for Baseball.
A million of dollars are soent every year up
on the game of baseball, but larire a.- th.'s sum
Is. It cannot begin to equal the amount spent
by people In search of health. There is a sure
method of obtaining strength, and it is not a
contly one. We urge thi.ae who have spent
much and lost hope to try Hostetter's Stomach
Biiwrs. It Ptrensthens the stomach, rnak^s
riisestlon tasy and r*tural. and cures dytpei>
ela. constipation, biliousness «uul weak kid
neys.
BERKELEY. July 23.— Miss Katheiine
Peternon and George A. Cook, both of this
city, were united in marriage yesterday
at St. Mark's Episcopal Church. Rev.
George E. Swan officiated. The young
people are both well known in Berkeley
and will make their future home here.
Peterson-Cook Nuptials.
OAKLAND, July 23.— The funeral of the
late Mrs. Cornelia E. .Van Amrlnge was
held to-day from the family residence
1730 Ninth avenue. Rev. C. M. Hill, pastor
of the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church, offi
ciated. The pall-bear?rs were Captain H
T. Walte, George Mainwaring, B. Wal
lace. E. H. Lenox. J. Plaw and C. G
Wall.
Funeral of Mrs. Van Amringe.
Favors Larger Appropriation.
BERKELEY. July 23.— The Central Or
ganization of Improvement Clubs of San
Francisco has adopted a resolution favor-
Ing an Increased appropriation for the
university. The resolution Is In reply to
President Wheeler's written appeal to the
voters of this State showing that the in
come of the university Is so small that it
cripples the Institution's work.
Dr. Coyle Not Decided.
OAKLAND. July 23.-Rev. Robert F.
Coyle. pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church, return^ to-day from the Santa
Cruz Mountains, vbTo he has beenspend
lrg his summer vacation. With relation
to the call from the First Presbyterian
Church of Denver Dr. Coyle said:
"I have the call now under advisement,
but have not definitely decided what I
chall do. The members of my church
will be called together at a meeting in
the near future, when my plans will then
be laid before them. They will, of course,
be the first to know of my decision."
ALAMEDA. July 23.-SImon Stiefvater.
a pioneer resident of Alameda. died yes
terday at his home. 906 Central avenue.
In early days in San Francisco Mr. Stief
vater was engaged in the bakery business
and subsequently was Interested in a
large flour milling business, retiring a few
years ago with a comfortable fortune.
Deceased was a native of Aucher, Baden
Germany, aged 65 years.
Besides his widow there survive him
a daughter. Mrs. E. A. Munch, and two
sons, E. and A. P. Stiefvater. the latter a
well-known newspaper man. The funeral
will take place from the family residence
to-morrow at 1:30 o'clock. , *, .
DEATH OF A PIONEER
RESIDENT OF ALAMEDA
MEMORY OF DR. RICE
HONORED BY FRIENDS
OAKLAND. July 22.— Memorial services
In honor of the late Rev. Henry H. Rice,
who died In Paris, were held this after
noon at the Union-street Presbyterian
Church, of which deceased was at one
time pastor. -Addresses were delivered by
Rev. Hugh Fraser. Rev. H. Robinson of
Berkeley Rev. J. S. McDonald and Rev.
Robert F. Coyle. For nine years the de
ceased clergyman was pastor of thta
church and for eleven years occupied the
pulpit of Westminster Presbyterian
Church of Sacramento. He was also pas
tor of the Presbyterian church at Po
mona.
OAKLAND. July 23.— The Oakland
tjtork Company opened the week at the
Mardor.ough Theater this evening with an
elaborate production of the spectacular
«=xtravacanza. "Cinderella." with Miss
Maude Miller, the daughter of Joa
quin Miller, in the title role. A large au
dience was in attendance and the presen
tation was a most successful one. The
piece will run through the week.
CINDERELLA AT THE
MACDONOUGH THEATER
I EX-GOVERNOR BLAISDELL
OF NEVADA IS DYING
! OAKLAND. July 23.-Henry G. Blaisdell.
• ex-Governor of Nevada and a prominent
; mining man. Is dying at his residence on
i Orange avenue. East Oakland. He con
| tracted la grippe several months a#o and
I did not recover from the rffects. Although
In good health before that his advanced
i age. 75 years, militated against his re-
I covery and the affliction left him an in-
I valid. For several weeks his condition
{ has been growing -rorse. Last night he
' lost consciousness and the end, accord
! Ing to the physicians, is a matter of only
| a few days.
BERKELEY. July 23.— A clash occurred
over the new ordinance regulating bill
boards in Berkeley at the meeting of the
Town Trustees this evening. The ordi
nance provides that billboards must not
be more than four feet high and must be
placed six feet beyond the property line.
Walter Foster, representing the firm of
Owens. Varney & Green, bill posters,
stated that they would not recognize the
The board gave the firm two weeks to
remove such of its billboards as were in
violation of the ordinance. Foster replied
that the firm would not take down Its
billboards, and If the Trustees attempted
to force the removal of the boards the
firm would have an Injunction issued and
fight the matter In the courts.
CLASH IN BERKELEY OVER
BILLBOARD ORDINANCE
a'laMEDA, July 23.— W. K. Conger, a
first cousin of United States Minister E.
H. Conger, whose life is now imperiled by
the Boxer uprising in China, If he is still
alive, died last evening at his home. 2152
Pacific avenue. Deceased had been a suf
ferer from heart trouble for a long time.
He was a native of Pennsylvania and aged
79 years. He leaves a., widow, Mrs. 'M. It.
Conger; three daughters— Miss Kate Con
ger of the Alameda School Department,
Mrs. Floy Dolliver of San Francisco and
Mrs. A. A. Hibbard of Reno, Nev. — and a
son, W. K. Conger Jr.. a member of. the
lirm. of Hammond & Conger. Mr. Conger
was also a cousin of United States Sen
ator O. L). Conger, and one of his brothers.
Colonel C. D. Conger, had : charge of the
detachment that captured Wllkes Booth,
the slayer of Lincoln. The funeral serv
ices will take place from the late residence
to-morrow at 2 o'clock.
COUSIN OF MINISTER
CONGER PASSES AWAY
OAKLAND, July 23.— The proprietor of
Tepper's Gardens was to-day given a li
cense to conduct the resort in spite of
a strong protest made against it by res
idents of Upper Frultvale. The residents
charged in a liberally signed petition that
drunkenness and disorder prevailed in
the vicinity of Tepper's Gardens and that
a state of affairs exists which makes
Upper Kruitvale-unflt as a residence dis
trict Rev. Franklin Rhoda, Mrs. Rhoda.
C G*. Milnes and Ira Aymar appeared be
fore the Supervisors and testified to the
unseemly conduct and revelry indulged
in by young men, women and girls at the
Supervisor Church moved that the re
port of tho Judiciary Committee, which
favored granting the license, be accepted.
He was not willing to refuse a license to
one man while there were three other re
sorts In the same neighborhood against
which no complaint had been made. Tep
per put Constable O'Donnell on the stand
to testify that in his three years' exper
ience he had not seen a disturbance at
the gardens on a Sunday. The report of
the Judiciary Committee was finally
adopted. Supervisor Mitchell alone voting
against it. _
The protest aealnst Teppers Gardens
was signed by the following- residents:
Mr and Mrs. C. H. Barr. Franklin
Rhoda C. G. Milnes. Ava L. Stowell. Dr.
R L Jump. George H. Folsom, E. B.
Welch J. H. Baker, George Macdonald.
Thomas Prout. S S. Hutchlns J Grimes.
Ira A Aymar, Mrs. S. S. Hutchlns. Jen
nie Grunes. T. L. Eckel, Alemby Jump,
8 W Williams. Mrs. Josle Hearsey. J.
M Lusft. Lucy J. Plnneo, Mrs. I. L.
Decker William R. Ward. E. Stoddard,
Barnev Kerns. G. G. McCarthy, S. J.
Grimes llattle C. Thompson. Mrs. M. E.
Richards. Eva M. Richards, A. 8. Wood
bridge. R. Gr- Byxbee. Mrs. L. G. Ormsby.
H D McAneny. F. Cooke. Emily L.
Squire, George F. Black. W. H. Robinson.
H C. Squire, J. E. Van Amrlnge, M. P.
Van Amringe. H. A. Garrison, Mrs. Meno.
E F Fish. G. D. Pinneo. .W. E. Hixon.
E* E Hunt, Rose Reynolds, Fred
Reynolds. Mrs. S. M. Hammond, C. W.
Tanner. Clara E. Bieghle. Gertrude Allen
and T. F. Daw. ;
TEPPER GIVEN LICENSE
IN SPITE OF PROTESTS
OAKLAND. July 23.— Speaker and Mrs.
Henderson were the guests of honor
at an elaborate dinner given last
Saturday by Senator and Mrs. Per-
kins. Red carnations and maiden
hair ferns formed the table decorations.
The guests were Mr. and Mrs. David B.
Henderson, Miss Belle Henderson, Con
gressman and Mrs. Kahn, Judge and Mrs.
McPhcrson, Mrs. Sprague, Senator Daniel
and son of Virginia, Mrs. George H. Bew,
George Bew and Miss Mae Perkins.
Speaker Henderson and party left yester
day for the Yosemite.
The Oakland University of California
Club will give another of its enjoyable
dinners Friday evening, August 3. The
relative merits of the German, English
and American universities will be discuss
ed respectively by Professors Charles M.
Stratton, Charles Mills Gayley and Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler
Tho Oakland W. . C. T. U. tendered a
reception this afternoon to the Alameda
branch of tho W. C. T. U. at 1119 Jefferson
street. A short programme was rendered,
after which light refreshments were
served. Those who contributed musically
to the afternoon's enjoyment were Miss
Sophie Sutherland. Miss Corlnne Reagh,
Miss Bertha Beautrioux and eight boys
and girls from the West Oakland Chil
dren's Home. An interesting paper on the
"Revolution and hvolution of the W. C.
T. I'." was read by Miss Anna Messerole.
Miss I^ouise Kmery also gave an address,
entitled "Uiold Fast." Mrs. Pelton and
Miss Messerole formed a committee of ar
rangements. Mrs. D. T. Curtis is presi
dent of the local union.
Mr. and Mrs. Edson F. Adams have re
turned from their summer outing at
Prather's ranch, in Sisklyou County.
Mrs Carrie Brown Dexter, who has
been attending the semi-annual Chautau
qua convention, held this year at Ashland
Or., returned to Oakland to-day.
Mrs. Walter Matthews will return this
week from the Santa Cruz Mountains
where she has been rusticating for the
last six weeks.
Mrs. William Henshaw and children and
Miss Allie Grimes left last Sunday for the
East and Europe. During their absence
Mr. and Mrs. Charles R. Allen and Miss
Gertrude Allen will occupy the Henshaw
residence, on Jackson street.
A reception will be tendered to Miss Sa
die American by the Jewish ladles of Oak
land on her return from Portland to
which city Miss American Is going shortly
to remain several weeks
Mrs. Warren'B-ngllsh has returned from
British Columbia, where she has been vis
iting her daughter. Mrs. Arthur Mallns.
William Goodcell. son of Henry" Good
cell of this city, is here from Wlnslow
Ariz., visiting his parents.
Miss Edna Jones has returned from
Coronado, whore she ha? been spending
Mrs" Joslah Stanford of Warm Springs
Is visiting friends In Oakland.
Mrs. Charles R. Brown has returned to
Oakland after a tour of the Yosemlte and
Yellowstone Park. -.:-„:!
The Misses Dunham, who have been
staving at the Metropole for some time,
left for Castle Crag recently and were
guests in the hotel when it burned
Clement Rowlands, choir director of the
First Presbyterian Church, has returned
from British Columbia and will reopen his
studio about August 1.
Mrs. A. S. Bray and Miss Ada English
are visiting Mrs. Henry Butters at Con
r.tantia.
City Treasurer Z. T. Giblin left Satur
day to Join his family at Shasta Retreat.
Mr. Glblln expects to be gone about a
month. . " , * '
Miss Fannie Cooper, who has been vis
iting friends in Vacavtlle. returned to her
home In Haywards this morning.
SOCIETY IN THE
VACATION DAYS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. July 23.
Mrs. Sarah Freeman has reopened hos
tilities against her former husband.
Thomas B. Freeman, in her efforts to se
cure alimony from him. Through her at
torney to-day she refused to compromise
her claim for $10 a month instead of $20, as
the court directed when the decree of di
vorce was granted. This put an end to
the temporary truce which was declared
the other day, when Freeman expressed
his willingness to pay $10 a month ali
mony. .
Mrs. Eva Bryson, ¦who is charged by
Mrs.- Freeman with being the recipient of
attentions from Freeman, was called as a
witness. She testified that she was a
friend of Freeman and had advanced him
J250 to open a carriage shop on Tenth and
Franklin streets. She had taken in part
payment two wagons which Mrs. Free
man had sought to attach.
Freeman oiiered to transfer to his ex
wife the outstanding bills that were owing
to him if she would leave him alone so
that he could attend to his business.
Judge Greene continued the contempt
proceedings until to-morrow. He said he
did not wish to punish Freeman, as he
appeared disposed to do what was right.
Mrs. Freeman has been trying for tour
years to compel her ex-husband to pay
her alimony, but has not been successful.
Woman Who Furnished Money "With
Which to Start Shop Is Called
Into Court to Tes
. tify.
Refuses to Accept Less Than
the Total Amount of
Alimony.
MRS, FREEMAN
RENEWS WAR ON
FORMER SPOUSE
Oakland Office San Franci?co Call.
111S Broadway, July 23.
She didn't hypnotize him: she didn't
even smile upon him; she never refused
to marry him. because he never asked
her; but she did set a considerable prop
erty, "just because.". This is the essence
of the answer of Anna Marie Whitney of
San Francisco, who was sued by WilliaTn
A. Brown in this city for the recovery of
a considerable amount of property se
cured by Miss Whitney, as he says, by
false protestations of affection.
Brown sued Miss Whitney for the re
covery of $25.0u0 worth of property on
Golden Gate avenue, in San Francisco.
He told in his complaint how the woman
had smiled upon him and promteod to
marry him and had finally secured his
propertv and then topsed his affections to
the four winds of San Francisco, which
have a very distributing effect on affec-
Mlsa Whitney filed her answer to-day,
and it would appear that she grot the
property "Just because." She admits that
she knew Brown, that she got the prop
erty that she didn't marry him, that he
did 'not ask her to marry him. that she
was ready and willlne to advise him In
business affajrs, but did not do so.
Lady Is Constrained to Admit She
Did Not Marry Him, Be
cause She Was Not
Asked.
Anna Marie Whitney Says
She Did Not Make Love
to W. A. Brown.
SHE WAS GIVEN
THE PROPERTY
JUST BECAUSE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. July 21.
The Board of Public Works to-day
adopted a lengthy report on the dredging
of Lake Merritt. which has been the sub
ject of criticism. The report was re
quested by the City Council and was pre
pared and submitted to the legislative de
partment in accordance with that re
quest.
The history of the preliminary proceed
ings with relation to the dredging as set
forth in this report shows that in 1S9S the
City Council passed an ordinance which
seemed to appropriate JSO.000 for dredging
Lake Merritt to a uniform depth of four
feet at ordinary high tide, and for build
ing permanent tidal sates in the Twelfth
street dam. The report says:
This ordinance also authorized th» Board of
Public Works to enter Into contracts to have
the wtTrk performed. The Council was gTild^d
by the Judgment of citizens as to the probable
cost of these two pieces of work. No estimate
of the cost was ma<le by any officer of the city.
On November 1. 1S98, the Council, by an ordi
nance fixing the tax rate f..r the year JfM-»».
apportioned the levy so as to raise *<S3.3o« fnr
the dredglnjf of Lake Merritt and fnr the build-
Ing of permanent gates In the Twelfth-street
dam. and not $80,000. as it would seem was
contemplated by the Council In the previous
month of August, and of the $63,300 finally pro
vided, the sum of J5.**2 was use.l between De
cember. 189S. and November. W9, for purposes
other than dredRln*? Lake Merritt. leaving only
S07.77S of the JSO.COO contemplated by the
original ordinance for the Improvement of the
lake.
A contract was let by the former Board
of Public Works for dredging the lake,
but the Superior Court annulled that con
tract. The present board let a new one
with specifications written to conform to
the opinion of the_court.
The specification in controversy Is as
follows:
To dredge and remove all mud from the Lake
not hitherto dredged t<> a uniform depth of four
f*et twlow ordinary hlth tide; mud to be de
posited between Kighth and Twflfth »treet». for
the sum of $1S.SO<). but permlttlne 120.0*10 cubic
yards to be placed in northeastern and north
western arms of the lake at a rebate of 10
cents per cubic yard (rebate allowed on this
contract $12,000).
The report upon this Item declares as
follows:
While contract five wai in process It was con
clude.! by the Board of Public Works. Inform
ally that because the north and east arms of
the lake would undoubtedly fill rapidly with
debris during the winter season, these
arms mlsht profitably be dredged to a rreater
depth than four feet, as provided for In the
original contract, and that mud bo dredged
should be credited to the contractor a» though
it had been dredged from the center of the lake,
which portion was found not to have shoaled to
any great extent for twenty years, and is now
at ordinary hien tide covered with from three
to four feet of water, as shown by the City En
gineer's map.
The Hoard of Public Works became convinced
that the removal of the few inches of mud
that might under this contract be dredged from
the center of the lake would be of less benefit
to the city than the dredKingr of the arms of
the lake to a greater depth than four feet at
the present time. And furthermore, calcula
tions by the City Knelneer shqwed that the
number of cubic yards that might be taken
from the center of the lake to deepen the Ham*
to four feet would not raise the park area be
tween Twelfth and Eighth streets more than
two feet of the eieht feet necessary to raise
this area to the desirable level of the Elghth
street brldce. And the board concluded also
that additional dredging of the lake would hare
to be done hereafter In order to fill the park
area referred to. and that the only portion of
the lake mud that could be used for this pur
pose without great expense would necessarily
be the central portion. an<\ for this reason, as
well as for the first reason given, the Board of
Public Works permitted the contractor to
dredge the arms of the lake tf> five and five «nd
one-half feet, and not to dredge the few inches
of mud from the center of the lake.
The report also shows that the contract
required that the dredglngs be placed in
the northeastern and northwestern arms
of the lake and in the flat between Eighth
and Twelfth streets.
Center Portion I*eft for Future Work
That Fill Below Dam Could
Be More Cheaply
Made.
North and East Arms Were
Deepened Because of
Rapid Shoaling.
BOARD OF WORKS
REPORTS ON THE
LIKE DREDGIMG
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. July 23.
The Federated Trades of Alameda
County has joined with the Buildinsr
Trades Council in plans for a great cele
bration In Oakland of Labor day. The
combined organizations have affiliated
with them all of the labor unions of the
county. The Federated Trades Is the
central head of all the unions cut repre
sented In the building trades.
There will be on Friday evening an
important meeting of the federation.
The Labor day celebration will be the
principal topic of discussion. It Is pro
posed to have committees named to act
jointly with the Building Trades Coun
cil to insure a complete representation
in the parade and other exercises of the
day of every affiliated labor union. Tho
federation expects to parade at least 10CO
men. and there will be an equal number
of buildins: trades men In line.
The following unions are now affiliated
with the federation: Carpenters' Union,
Electrical Workers' •I'nion. Clgarmakers'
Union, Harbers' I'nion. Beer Bottlers'
L'nion, Brewery Workers' Union. So<l^
and Mineral Bottlers' I'nion. Longshore
men's I'nion. Musicians' I'nion and Typo
graphical Union. In addition the Laun
dry Workers' anl the Retail Clerka'
Union will be shortly formally taken into
The federation's organizers are now
forming unions among the restaurant em
ployes, teamsters and housemovera. The
tailors' and garment-makers' unions are
about to be reorganized.
.mittees to Be Formed for Co
operation With All of the
Unions in the Building
Mechanics Council.
Federated Trades Will Be
Strongly Represented
in the Parade.
WILL HOLD BIG
CELEBRATION OF
LABOR HOLIDAY
They do not have to place themselves In
any such conspicuous position. Their ad
mirers. It is said, are too many to re
quire any such attitude. Certain It is that
the patrons of the Oakland department
are highly favored from an esthetic point
of view at least in having such charming
young women to answer their "helloa."
The ranks of the telephone force dimin
ish almost weekly by the dropping out of
one or more who have been won by some
ardent and stalwart youth, and If there
Is an occasional break in the wires on*!
can appreciate the fact that It Is Cupid
who has the line for the time being.
Manager Ellis and Superintendent Flem
ing, who have charge of the Oakland of
fices, have failed to find any satisfactory
rule yet In operation that will prevent
their employes from falling in love. They
declare that Is beyond the ahilltv of anv
telephone management on earth. Long ago
thev ahanrJrinprt f » r> pffnrf
A bevy of beauties who are deft and
nimble operators of the switchboards Is
grouped in the accompanying illustration
as evidence that the laughing, roguish
messenger of Venus has displayed the best
of taste in his selection of Oakland's fair
ones as a special field of labor.
There Is no disposition on the part of
these young ladles to place themselves In
the way of the darts from Cupid's bow.
OAKLAND, July 23.— Cupid has been
playing some rare pranks among
the 130 young women who are cm.
ployed at the Oakland telephone of
fices. The merry little lad has found
some splendid targets for his love-coated
shafts, and the rapidity with which the
rosy god's arrows have fetched home of
late has created consternation among the
managers of the system.
PRETTY TELEPHONE GIRLS WHO HAVE BEEN STRUCK BY THE ARROWS
OF CUPID.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, July 23.
Suffocated to death in smoke from a
blaze started while playing with matches
this afternoon was the fate of little 5
year-old Leo O'Connor, the eldest child
of Mr. and Mrs. John J. O'Connor, resid
ing at S35 Seventeenth street.
The child was Imprisoned by the flames
he had caused in the basement of the
little cottage where he had been playing.
When the firemen arrived In response to
an alarm the smoke was so dense that
they were driven back time and again
while trying to tight their way into the
cellar. Assistant Chief Lawton made four
attempts to crawl through the black wall
of smoke that filled the basement, but was
nearly overcome each time. After win
dows had been smashed and apertures cut
through the boarding, enough smoke was
released to permit an entrance. William
Baccus. cxtraman of Kngine Company Xo.
2, climbed In and found the child on the
floor near the front of the basement,
where he had run to escape from the
flames.
The rear door was opened, but the lit
tle one't- exit was cut off by the lire,
which spread very fast over a pile of
j straw and otner material which had been
, set ablaze.
The child was taken upstairs and a
physician was called while the firemen
were lighting to save the house from de
struction. Hut the little sufferer only
lived a few minutes and at 6 o'clock was
dead. He was not burned, but had been
overcome by the .thick smoke.
The accident was one of the most dis
tressing ot incidents. Yesterday the fam
ily haa a celebration in honor of little
Leo's fifth birthday. This morning the
family cleaned house and the debris was
swept into the basement. It was this
which caused the boy's death.
. .other and father were both absent
when the fire occurred. The father was
at his tailoring shop at Fourth and Mar
ket streets. San Francisco. Mrs. O'Con
nor was away on a shopping tour. Her
tieter. Mrs. J. Bowen, residing at lfel
Twelfth street, was caring for the chil
dren. Leo and two others, besides a baby
of her own. The youngfst O'Connor child
Is a three-weeks-old baby.
Leo managed to get some matches and
j slipped downstairs into the basement. All
' unawares, his aunt was sitting In a room
• watching the younger childron. when the
I house suddenly filled with smoke. The
! crackling dames pave still more warning
: and the A frightfciiod woman rushed out,
; crying "T'ire." while she tried to get the
! children out. She dashed down Into the
' basement, but could not break through
; the flames which were burning fiercely
' across the rear. Then she tried to burst
through a window, but the heat and
'¦¦ smoke drove her back.
The firemen were barely at work before
; Mrs. O'Connor arrived home. Her child
had Just been dragged from the cellar,
; but she knew naught of what had oc
1 curred. ' Her first question was about the
babies. As gently as possible the news
was broken and the grief-stricken mother
; fainted.
The residence was damaged considera
bly by smoke. The fire was confined to
I the rear. Coroner Mehrmann took charge
, of the case.
Leo O'Connor Meets Death While
Trying to Escape From Blaze
He Had Started in Pile
of Straw.
Terrible Fate of Pive-Year-
Old Boy Who Played
With Matches.
PENNED IN BY
FIRE, CHILD IS
SUFFOCATED
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, July 23.
The assessment of the franchise of the
Contra Costa Water Company was to-day
stricken from the assessment rolls of Ala
tneda County upon an opinion rendered by
Deputy District Attorney II. A. Melvin
that the franchise was assessable in the
county where the place of business of the
ccmpar.y was located. As the Contra
Costm Water Company has its principal
I'laet of business in £an Francisco the
(supervisors held that the franchise should
have been assessed there and struck the
assessment off the rolls.
Ihe. question of the assessment of the
franchise of this company has been pend
ing for some time. County Assessor Dal
lou took the position that a decision of
.¦jtige liu.ju ol sitcckton made it incum
bent upon County Assessors to assess
Uunchues in tne county where the cor
poration does Its business rather than In
ix. o county where it nominally had Its
oince ana place of business, ana ne placed
tne itanchtM of the Contra v_osta >\ uter
Company upon the rons ot tms county lor
*i..^o< .-.'Km. me amount tor wnich Assessor
L/OCg« of fcan jr'tsincisco assessed it last
>c&r.
ihe Contra Costa Water Company op
posed tee assessment upon two grounds—
i.rst, that tne franchise was not a valua-
L:e asset and tnouid not have been as
fcet-SL-a at an. as it was not an exclusive
right to do business, and second, that it
enouid have bftn assessed In ejan Kran
cisco. where trie company had its office.
Ihe matter was reterred to the District
Attorney and an opinion requested from
L:m. Deputy District Attorney Melvin
.,«>red me opinion th:s> morning. He
quoted the opinion of former District At
torney Snook, which held LtUCt a franchise
was assessable in the county where the
office or pnncinai piace ol business was
i.< ni.fi. t'toe opinion of Judge iiudd of
Stockton was rjuoted at length, the es
h'nee of which is contained in the follow
ing: "A (ranchlM is property subject to
taxation (constitution, article X11J. section
3>. and it must be assessed in the county
la which it is situated (constitution, arti
cle XIII. seection 10).** Mr. Melvin then
bays that there is a conflict between the
tijir.ior.s ol Jutigf- Kudo! of Stockton a.nd
mat of former District Attorney Snook.
He then quctf-s from a decision of the
bupreme Court in the case of the Spring
Valley Water Company agajnst Tax Col
lector Harbor of Alameda County, where
tlio »at'-r company Bought to prevent the
Tax Collector from selling its franchise
i'.; this county. The Supreme Court said:
"We think that whatever franchise the
appellant has com* 3 * from Its charter and
is as-s^psable at Han Francisco. Its prin
cipal place of business." Mr. Melvin then
Ears:
"The opinion of the Supreme Court, in
our estimation, supports tbo opinion of
J-jiisp Snook, hereinbefore cit^d. rendered
to your honorable body, and I can find no
decision modifying the opinion of Judge
£-nr>ok or no decision of th<' Supreme
Court authorizing the assessment in this
countv of the franchise of a water com
pany which has it^ principal place of busi
ness in another county."
The- board held another meeting this
afternoon and by a vote of four to one
struck the assessment from the rolls of
this county. Supervisor Mitchell was the
Dtlly one who voted to retain the asseses
tnpnt.
Board of Supervisory by a Vote of
Four to One, Strikes the
Assessment From the
Eoll.
Deputy District Attorney
Melvin Upholds Water
Company.
FRANCHISE NOT
ASSESSABLE IN
ALAMED A COUNTY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. July 23.
The McKinley and Metcalf Rough Rider
Club was organized this evening by the
election of the following officers: Presi
dent, Edward Doyle; secretary, W. J.
UConnell. The club will be uniformed and
will wear a rough rider suit and will take
a prominent part In politics. The club
adopted the following resolutions as to
the candidacy of Victor H. Metcalf for
Congress:
Whereas, Kvery man who loves his coun
try should look with approval upon the rec
ord of that grand statemnan, President
William McKlr.ley, the pride of God's coun
try, second to no man on earth. In peace
or war we do hereby recoenlze In him a
leader well worthy of our united Fupport.
Whereas, We do hereby proclaim that no
Jump Is too high, that no road Is too rough,
nor river too rapid or dees for us to ford,
nor precipice too lofty to scale to assist In
clectinx that prince of warriors, the Hon.
Theodore Roosevelt; therefore, be It
Hesolved, That we, the worklngmen as
sembled for the purpose of doing our duty
as citizens ot the United States, do hereby
pledge our support to McKinley and Roose
velt, the standard-bearers of the Republican
party, and
Whereas The Hon. Victor H. Metcalf has
shown by his energy in securing the
completion of the work on the tidal canal
and the Oakland harbor, in protecting the
rates of wares paid the mechanics and
worklngmen at Mare Island, and his every
hpnest devotion and faithrul dtscharce or
every public duty that he is entitled to
and merits the support of all good citizens;
therefore, be it
Resolved. That we most heartily Indorse
the Hon. Victor H. Metcalf as a man who
has never betrayed the people or shirked a
duty, and one whose very name is the
synonmy of honesty and progress; be it fur
ther
Resolved That copies of these resolutions
be sent to the Hon. William McKinley,.
Hon. Theodore Roosevelt and to the Hon.
Victor H. Metcalf.
The McKlnley-Metcalf Club of Ban
Leandro, which is officered by M. Haas
as president, D. U. Toffelmler as secretary
and Charles Hale as treasurer, met Sat
urday night and adopted the following
resolutions:
We, the members of the McKlnley-Metralf
Republican Club of San Leandro. recoKniz
lntr the ability, wisdom and forethought of
our President. William McKinley, during
his administration, who, by his noble ef
forts has brought our beloved country from
a ranlc-stricken state to the foremost place
among all nations, be it
Resolved. That we make manifest our
gratefulness by pledging ourselves to do our
outmost In his behalf and in behalf of his
associate. Theodore Roosevelt, for his dls
tlngiiifhed services to his country; and be
further
Resnlved. That we also pledge ourselves
to our best efforts In behalf of our Repre-
Bentatlve in Congress, Victor II. Metcalf,
for the ability, honesty and faithfulness to
duty displayed by htm and the distinction
won by him for our district by his untiring
efforts in our behalf.
The FHty-eighth Assembly District
Metcalf Ciub will be organized at Beck
ers Hall to-morrow evening.
The Republican County Central Com
mittee of Solano County has passed reso
lutions Indorsing Victor H. Metcalf for
Congress. This is the largest county in
the district next to Alameda County.
The Haywarda Dalton Club held a re
ception this evening to County Assessor
Henry P. Dalton. Mr. Dalton attended
in company with Dr. George C. Pardee
and Major Calderwood, all of whom mad*
addresses.
Solano County Central Committee
Also Voices Its Approval — Rough
Riders Organize — Dalton
Reception.
Republican Clubs Adopt
Reso'utions Praising the
Congressman.
INDORSE THE
CANDIDACY OF
V. H. METCALF
OAKLAND. July 23.— That he might j
be of more assistance in the sup
port of a mother and sister, Lester
Tullett. a fifteen -year-old appren
tice at the Oakland Iron Works, has be
come an aeronaut, willing to brave all of
the perils of the midair to add a trifle to
bis hard -earned weekly savings.
His recent daring d»*but as a balloon
aFcensionist In this city was witnessed by
Thousands of people, few of whom knew
that the ptutdy boy who boldly grasped
the trapeze bar was a novice, who dared
to «ail away unhampered by strap or rope.
In the throng which watched his nimble
antics on the bar hu:iK on the swinging
parachute ropr-s was one weeping girl, the
rister. who h::d learned his Intentions too
Jate to dissuade her brother from making
the hazardous flight into the heavens. Hut
the lad lanoed pafelv and so well pleased
were the manager* of the affair that they
trebled the recompense he had been prom
ised for the ascension.
The lad's ascension was deemed remnrk
al_le. because he refused to allow the arm
and wrist straps to be used as protection
apair.st a fall. The large proportion of
professional aeronauts use them secretly.
nut Master Tullett could not be pt-rsuaded
to ellow thorn to be fastened on him.
"There's no fear in me." declared the
youth who, despite his well-muscled
frame. Is yet a boy of tender years.
"I don't want to be bothered with those
things." he added, contemptuously kick
ine the thong* aside.
The youngster's fame Fpread. On the
Fourth" of July he made a successful
ascension at Phoenix, Ariz. As before, he
refused the straps, although because of
climatic conditions the professional bal
loor.ists dtclnre Phoenix to t>e the hardest
locality in the United State? from which
To make an ascension. The light air of
fers so little resistance to the hot air. bag
that preat danger always exists* that the
!>alloon will collapse before the parachute
can be cut away.
Harring the time taken up in his Jour
rsey« into the ether young- Tullett works
rteadJIjr at the furnace? of the iron works
learning his chosen trade. He lives at
Piedmont. I
BOY OF FIFTEEN IS
A DARING AERONAUT
LESTER TULLETT.
CUPID HAS A MERRY TIME AMONG
OAKLAND'S TELEPHONE OPERATORS
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COANTY BERKELEY
THE SAJN JfKAJN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 1900.
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 1900.
12
SAX FRA>CISCO CALL.
BCPINEPS OFFICE of The Fan Francisco
Cr.l!. rorrer cf Market and Third streets, open
until 32 o'clock e\-ery r.icht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 621 Montgomery etreet,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
D?0 Hayes street; open until 9:T,0 p. m.
CS9 McAllister t-treet : cr*-n until 9:30 p. m.
CIS I^rkin street ; cpen ur.tll ?:00 p. m.
VAl MiM-ion street; open until 10 p. m.
C2C1 Mission street, corner Sixteenth: cpen
until S p. m.
JC6 Eleventh street: or>en until 9 p. m.
JCC-€ Valenc:a street; open ur.til 9 p. m.
Northwest eoraer Twenty-soccnd and Ken-
tucky Ftreets: open »ar»tt) f' p. m.
y MBBTISO \ XOTICES^
RAN*KRASTISCO Consistory No. 1. A. and A..
t-*t,,rv nv crder of the Master.
HENliY BCRXEB. Begtetrar pro ten.
GODFREY de Ft. Omar ''ran- Ifepfi
c ; ! No. i. Kniphts Kadosh— AH _ fcji
member* fl-e hereby notified to !£—^3HLi=Ij
«;.rr<l at Chapter Hall Mn^r.ic 'JgggjgjgJ?!
Ten:jle. on rCESDAT. J u ly :'4. Mp^Tfep^j
ISO* at 1:CC o'clock sharp, to 1 - JBJI
tak<- part in the lunera.1 ob«e- ff.Taal
qu'.es of our l3te brother.
GEORGE J- HOI3U. secr?tary. By order of
the- Commnnder.
HENRY in'RN'ER. Secretary pro tem.
TERHA BCENA Chapter No. 1.
KslgbtB Hcse Oolx— All mem- I
Iwrs are hereby notiflo3 to at- . — >J — >
tend at Charter Hail. Masonic —&n—l
Temple, on TUESDAY. July 24. KJ
l&'X) at l:3'l o'clock sharp, to /I
take ;,art !n the funeral cbse- M
quies of cur late trother. |_J
GEORGE J. HOI!E. secretary.
Hy order cf the Master.
IIENRT HT'RNER. Secretary pro tem.
TKRBA BUENA Loflce. of Perfection
No. 1. A. and A.. Sonttlsh Rite of Jf
Fifeniascnry— AU member"! are hereby #\
notified to attend at Chapter Hall. Ma- JGt\-
sonic Temple, nn TUESDAY. July 24. «£=&=»
1500. at 1:30 o'clocli sharp, to take part In the
funeral obsequies of our late brother.
OKOR<1E J. I1OIJE, secretary. P.y order of
the M^fter.
BEXBT BUB2CEB, Secretary P^o tf:n -
CALIFORNIA Chaxt-r No. K. tt. A. M.. «
•ill m-et THIS CTCESDATJ EVEN'-
defree. I5y ordt-r of the H. P. / V
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 20. F. and «
A M. — Memt>*TF are rer ; 'jes=tej to as- JL
sernMe at 1:30 o'clock T«>-jjaY (TUES- yF >J
I»AVt, at Masonic Temple, ffr the pur- T^7>
]mw r,f conducting ihe funeral services of cur
late secretary. GEORGE J'UIN HOBE.
JAMES H. HI MPHREYS. \V. M.
ORIENTAL iy-.dee~N0rf4T.~F. "and A. m
M -F. C. d*gre<> THIS (Tl'ESDAY)^^
EVEXIXO. at T:::> oV'...ck. Xj\
a. s. htbhard. Sec. ' V>
Cn<"«CKETT Lodce No. 139. F. and A. J»
il. — Officers anl members are re- a%^
qv;i ;'.(.l t'> attend the funeral of our de- jf 3f
ceased bmther. JACOH .STl'TZ. on AV> '
WEDNESDAY, the :.".th inst.. at 1:30 p. m. ¦
By order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE. See.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet- i
}n<? of the stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Ontniiny will l>« held at the office of
Ihe company. '.27 Market st.. Pan Franciscc. ,
< al.. on WEDNESDAY, the 1st day of Au- ;
puft, 1900, at the hour of 11 o'clock forenoon, 1
for the purpose of electing a board of di- j
rectors to serve for the er.auinir year a:id ;
th» transaction of such other business as !
l!iay come before the meeting.
n. H. EBELDON. Secretary, j
ANNUAL MEETING.
The R:s<!in Iron and Locomotive Works. — The
nr.nual meeting of the stockholders cf the Rls-
<Jon Ircr and Locomotive Works, for the elec- j
tlon of trustees for the ensuing year and the ;
tnnfarti^n of FU'-h other business as may lx» '¦
br->ur!:t before the meetinjr. will be held at the ;
office ,-f the C'imrar.y. southeast corner of Beale I
mid Huward Bt*, Pan Francisco, en MONDAY.
the (th day of August. 1^0. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. J{ MEAD. Secretary.
AGHXTS WASTED.
t?'-<:*- ON l>e made tfurins next C months by !
huftlinj; aeents handling our white and fancy '
rubber cellars, ruffs, brooms, neckties; patt-nt-
ed. ruaranteed poods; Inclose stamp for spe- j
clnl rlar. M.&M. Mfg. Co.. Springfield. Ms??. I
EXa.trPIVE State «cencies: big: profits: other :
bastJMBa < ¦rur>s nil my time. 32S Montgom- ¦.
erjr st.. r^om <17.
AGENT? of ability and experience In life lnsur- j
r.rr-e Pali »t mr-m 101. ;-S7 Mark'-t. mr. Sixth. !
A'lTOUNEVS AT LAW.
R- W. KIN'G. attorney at law. 527 Market st.. j
rivm crT: estates, damages. attafhmonts. '
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees; j
nn aJvar.ce charges; money loaned on estates. I
AIA'ICE Jree; divorce law a specialty; private:
r.n ft« without success: collections. G. \V
HOWE, arty at law. S.V) Market. oor.Stoekton.
FKTE a'lvjre; divorce lawp. damage?, estates, |
' collection*. J. A. Mitchell. 214 Montgomery, j
W. PAVTPSOX. S57 Market "ft.. opp^Misnn! j
L. ?. CLAP.K. F.nwr.a Rpreddci bid*.. ?!7 y.Ur~- \
V.ft st.: rorsultatirn free; no fees in aflvanre. i
PATH tAJJINFTS.
P.ortiN ?<"!?; }.'.4-iar.fl folding: doer open?; firm
gr..l ?nff. \\. s. DROWN. Ken, agt.. 426 Ellis. .
actomobu.es.
automobiles-fred ward & pon?
Ap j itf. <G Fremont St.
IIELGIA* BABES;
A NI'MHKU of fine doe? at low prices; bred to !
our Onest buck*; Lord nniNH'Hto <;mp > :
fe^ ?:?:,; DIKE OF CLAHKXfK <imp.>. fr-*
Sir.; line lot «t youngsters frnm three to five ¦
n<-nth»< old from Lord FMir.bnro and our Im-
ported teoi with grand color and perfect feet ;
all rouni; full line of rabbit supplies; free :
li'ermi-re.
BASE FRANCISCO BELGIAN HAKE no
SAM. C. HAMMOND, Mgr.
Office— Sitreckp'.s Market. I
Rsbbitry-lOi;. Shotwell st. '
BELGIAN HARES!!
A'.i the popular strains at greatly reduced '
prices. CALIFORNIA HELHIAX HARE AS- !
POCIATION. Alameda. Cal.
1X>KD FASHC.l>A~CHinF~and Lady Lumb j
first rri?-e In England.^at ZU Golden Gate ave. J
CHAV PI< IS BELGIAN HARE SANITARY '
HK/.DQI.'AETERS: sales daily. 100SV4 Putter. !
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO. &<> Gol- j
den Gate ave.. E.F.. ',% rahbit; for fale cheap.
DtSIXESS CHANCES.
TO dressmakers— For sa!e rheap; business '•
with veil ftocl.ed ttne. LAXE & CO..SC5 Mkt'. !
P»-GKXTS' furnishing, stationer-.- and no^ '
tlon*: line stork: Kood lo>-ation;doub'.e-front»d i
¦•gti re; rent only r.n. LANE & CO.. HS Marke'.
FO& sale— Well-known wholesale and retail I
candy bu«:n-ss; established 16 years and u..-.x-
tlr.n large j>ronts; every opportunity given to !
mtrchawer to tnv«Ftirat*. Fuii particulars '¦¦
LAXE (c CO.. m;; Market rt. j
trr.O CASH. b.V.nn<-e t!:ne; r»stnurnr,t. well situ- :
atrd for two young men r, r man and wl'e to '
condurt; cons'«ti:,g of Sac furniture, cash-
register, for a fart, all in f!:ir> condition; must
be sMd in 2 days: owner has two r>'are« '
_STE.\I!ERG *. CO.. D25 Markot st. P- ace ~ ,
?]>.">— MILK route; is cans dallv; going Fa«t i
cause of sale. McLAUGIILIX & CO 777'i
Market st. I
$C7r.^~nt-T?-HE7?^7l7.p7^o^p7.T^u7~c^u"ntry j
town: dalljr re<e!;.?s ?«. MCLAUGHLIN & 1
CO.. "'-3 Mark?t ft.
Tl2i-BRANCH bakery: 3 living rooms; cheap '
rent: f>eliinc on account of departure- neat '
Jd3"e. Pacific txchance. 1CI€ Market tt.
Jl.'-rt-^IGAH store; Market st. ; cheap rent • eood '
trade. Pacific Exchange. imC Market st. j
WANTEP-To purchase a drug business- «*. |
taMlshed and doing paying business. \d- '
•Iiesy. wltli full particulars, tun; *7J? Call ef . !
ti<*. Oakland. I
Jlf« BCT8 »>est located saloon In the r«tv must :
I e sold immediately. McIJRIDK & CO K\) i
Howard st. V , ' j
A— tViO: RESTAURANT nnd f-;-str r house- or*n '
day and night: completely equipped;' iin» i
tiusin^ss locstton: excellent trade; full value '
*tl sight; rent ?;.>: great sacrifice for ouick '
Mile. M. A. imOOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave. j
A--*-CIfAlII barSor shop and cigar stand In
Western Addition; als^i furniture f»f living
rooms if desired: very ohear: leaving ci:v
Ir: ve.pt! pate; something Rood. Call at DPCIv' I
ELM AN HROP.. K< Ellis ft.
t&ft^OEUGACT nnd dairy produce; good )> I
cation; cheap rent: value In sight; sacrlfloeil
this week: owner m-JM go to Germany. Ll/N-
1'IN /: CO.. R73 Market St.. room 12.
TO rent— For roal yard, milk depot, etc.; nn?
lnontion; place Is <-ntirely co\-ered; contains 3
Ptalte: rent only RS; water free. Inquire WM
HENL'RICKSON A CO.. C14 Call buiiding.
VANTICn— Active partiei* In etaple mtg. bu?l-
nes-; J29T0 to t~W required. Kox 158.- Call.
J-"T;rt sale— A cigar Etore. tl6 Stanyan et.. near
Haififct.
HOME Uakery. «rr.od location. Oaklr.nd. cor.
34th and TVraltn Fts. ; all new; price $175; cost
r^5: ownrr going away.
V»'ANTED— Gentleman with fciCOO to Invest tn a
business that will pay 100 per cent. Box 159.
CU1.
nCMXESS CHAXCES CONTINUED.
A— J1C0O— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln
Ft., rent, including 6 rcoms, $44; horse 1 and
wagon: 5 years' lease; dally receipts about
$30; owner to leave for the country; a first-
class and rare chance. Call It. G. WILKE.
IGVj Kearny st.
TO buy cr sell any kind of business, to invest
In ranches, orchards or oil land. Call on K.
O. WILKE. 26Vfc Kearny et.
A— $.*i00; delicacy and dairy produce. In Ala-
meda: rent V.*: dally receipts $12; business es<-
t&bl. S years. Call It. G. WILKE. 2S>4 Kearny.
A— $1710: CORNER grocery and bar on Mission
rt. ; place has been kept by present owner
for 1'"' years and clearing above $1SO per
month: stock and fixtures worth the money.
Call It. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— 1-00— RESTAURANT and chophouse on
wattr front: rent $15; bargain. K. G. WILKE,
i'GS Kearny et. •
I A— U10: BAKERY e5tabl. many years In lively
1 country town; place doing a eplendld busi-
1 ness; rent $20; slcknr?s of proprietor only
cause of sale: fulled investigation solicited.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A-$12rx»: PARTNER wnnted In old-establ. cor.
prccery and bar on Third st. ; dally receipts
$3.i; t*tirlng partner ha.1 to leave for north;
rent $42: lease; rnre rhar.ee. See R. G.
WILKE, 2CU Kearny at.
! A— $4"<<l; CORNER frrocery and bar; established
years ami known as a .nor.ey making place;
best location: close to Chronicle building. See
R. G. WILKE. tCM Kearny rt.
A GOOD toying fruit store, with horse and
tracon; $:po. 130 Elehth Ft.
FOR SALE— A strictly good business: restaur-
ant; ]00 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery
u*inp 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon;
lodging-house. 24 rooms, newly furnished:
finest r>ppcrtunlty to make money. Inquire
American KaUery and Restaurant. Bakers-
n-ld. Cat.
$400 — ON account of retiring; a paying business;
established over 20 years; stock and fixtures
included; suitable man and wife: living rms.
Particulai-s, ajply at creamery. 231S Flllmore.
LEADING hotel in Monterey; 3n rooms, parlor,
dlnlnir-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.;
will rent. *e1l or exchange. For particulars
write JOHNSON A CARR. Monterey. Cal.
WANTED — A competent woman to take man-
ap»mrnt of a %st-clafs family lx>nrdlr.e-
h^use In Southern California. Address, with
reference, box 343. Call office.
OFARHELL. 40<— An eld established shoe shop
for sale; a rare chance; call at once, f
SHOE shop for sale: good opportunity; fine lo-
cation 20C7»* Flllmore St.
FIKST-CLASS fhr.e shop; good prices: pood
work; on account of sickness. 232 Dush st.
F<~>R fale— Saloon: Rood business; cause, siek-
i DOFFEB ard tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and »ubscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH ofi!i-e for Call advertisements and
! subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LOMGJ.VG-nOfSKS FOIl SALE.
J12<V>-SN'AP: ?»: rooms: all rented: fine loca-
tlr.n: near Market. BASILF.. 3 Eddy gt.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF'Y. r,T all ldnd» of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market st.. S. F.
CAUI'KT UEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WI1EX you become distrusted with poor work
Fend to SI'Al'LPING'S Pioneer Carprt-Bea'-
lng Works. 3CS-35; Tehama st.: tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-34 1 McAllister st.: phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlr.R Co.. 240 Hth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-P.?ating Works. G. II.
STEVENS, mar.. 3S-40 Sth St.: tel. South 2^0.
J. McQ, TEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4:.3 Bterensoa st.; tel. South 2CS; lowest rate*.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4_\
STRATTON'a. 3 Eiehth st.: tel. Jessie 944
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GKO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Call" ave.; tele-phone East 126.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ONE double rubber-tire bueiry: one single
buggy; very cheap. 100Sij Gutter st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buRRles. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AX A Nn. 1 express wagon, single. a.lso light
camping wngon. for rale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hnr.d wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. ivork & driving horse*. 15th fc Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room TIO. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
tlT— COM FORT A RLE sunny cottage. 6 rooms;
yard. Riilv.ay ave., cf! Dolores St.; key at
3T.7"* Seventeenth st.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED — F"urnlshed cottage or 4 or 5 rooms
ami liith by family of thre* in Alameda; con-
ver.lent tr> station. Knx 1SS. Call office.
Sl'IUITl ALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. 8f,S MIs-
flnn; reading? dally; 25c. f,0? and Jl: circle
Tues.. Thurs.. Bat. an<5 Sunday eves.; 10c.
WATSON, the famous medium and palmist:
lucky and true; 2Jc and 50c. loSl Market St.,
near Twelfth.
ATTENP Mrs. Iflinham's olrel« of truth: 2. 8
p. m. U McAllister st.. ra. 35: aiftnipsion 10c. '.
MRS. Harland's circle tn-night, Thursday. Frl.;
sealed letter* read, Me. 14S Sixth, room 1.
MRS. ETIQt;E. 12M Fillmore St.: circle this
evening an'! Friday. 10c; readings, 50c.
MME. YOTNG'P convincing test circle to- ',
night. (03 McAllister: 10c; come, skeptics.
MME. MARQt'ISE. 5 Hyrie st.. nr. McAllister:
circle to-night. 10c; skeptics invited; sit. dally, j
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAlllcter-MrF. C. J. j
Meyer; sit. daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c. I
WVLLIE. the Los Angeles photr> medium. .HO
Kills. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays Included.
UUfvJ.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting $1. 1104 Markot.
A WEEK'S news for i cents— The Weekly Call. I
Jfi nap»«. In wrapper, for malllnc. SI ;vr rear. !
CL.AIUVOVAXTS.
MME. POUTElt, wondarful clairvoyant & card
reader, horn wtth double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles Me;
Kents Jl; palm. &. clnir. : pit. Jl CO. 12fi Turk st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: best n'lvlce; fee
2> ur. C3 Mission st.. near 4th; ring bell.
Mlin. BCH AFTER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings flatly. 212'i Sixth st ;
MI1E. LEN EM Alt— Fortunes by p!an«ts; pre-
dicted '74 Ftmr Goid wreck. 310 Mason st.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 02U.4 Mission. op.Mlnt.
MME. HANSON, palmistry; card reader; past.'
present, future. 2jC. 14S Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. ZHIiEltA. the gypsy. Is the great palmist
end card reader, 25c. a Seventh Et. ; no sign.
MME. August, clairvoyant card reader: palmis-
try; truth cr no pay: 2ic & EOc.. 1149 Mission.
MME. KAVENNA rends life Huently; business
advice; nsimes given; 25c up. K Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture: ?Sr: ladles. 911 O' Fardel I st.
DE5TISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S03 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
t3 .'0 up: plates, extractions free. J4 GO up; of-
n^e hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 3 to 2
gp. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
lierlence; no students; ndrice free; prices
cheajirn and guaranteed; lady nttrndants.
lili. GEOnOE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell *L
I>R. LIJDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
rmde: eld plates made over like new; teeth
from $5 per "et ; extracting. 50c: gas given.
PLATER from J3; crowns. J3 tSt fillings, tOcT
CMc.-i.to Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth ft.
PARIS !>enial Parlor. 225 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full ret of teeth. J<; crowns. $3; fillings. 23c.
VAN VP.OOM -"Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Marltrt ft., corner Sixth.
SET of t-eth without plate. DR. H^ O?
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk ft.
CHEAPEST and ben In Amerlea-The Weekly
Call. 16 puces, sept to any address In the
T'lilted States or Car.tda one year for $L
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllniore^-
Advlce and medicine 75c; city visits SI 50: all
animals treated; dogs bearded. Tel. West 636.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. marge cureandworm plll»
vy drussl-'ts or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSE!
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking. Milliner
School to 1019 Market ft., above Sixth.
S. P. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary st.. dresse
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
MME. REMBERT. 530 Sutter St.. dressmaklni
tchool; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'ConnorfcMoffatl
EDUCATIONAL.
A?mCS^miisrne^OoTle^e7~723 MarkeT st .T 11 f
scholarship, $00; Includes shorthand, typing
bookkeeping, telegraphy ; day and evening
Just added new business practice offices am
20 new typewriters.
ALL students but two taking full course thl
year got- positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI
NESS COLLEGE. 12?.6 Market at.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; al
branch?? : positions secured for graduates
ENGINEERING, civil. »elec. mining, mech. Fur
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.: est. 1S64
» VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market
AMATEUR carvers will get aeslsns and ar
cabinet work prepared. 801 Ellis Et.
C-WKEKS' course teaches practical Fhorthand
Val Deasy, court reporter. 612 Hearst bldg
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. Krammar. writing
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr 6th
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater, 31!
O'Fsrrell; positions grntd to finished pupils
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1S63; SO- page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling
destining, carving; all branches. 424 Pint st
EJH'LOVMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con
tractor: establ. over 10 years; all kinds help
<21 Post, near Powell; telephone Hueh 133.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best helj
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay S6
ORPHEl'M Employment Office — Japanese. Chi
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter; tel. Black £072
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. £00% Stockton
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4UU O'Farrell st. : tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT \VA.\TED — FEMALE
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires sltua
tlon; best of references; city or country
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter et.
A FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires itua
tion: best of references; city or country
MISS CULLEN, ?.2J Sutter st.
A NEAT young girl desires situation as seconc
girl; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
FIRST-CLASS Feamrtre&s wishes situation ir
private family; satisfaction gauranteed. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT, 315 Sutter !=t.
SITUATION wanted to do general housework
no postals. Apply 1407 Scott st.
YOUNG American lady desires position as
companion or to assist with children; plays
piano, flngs: thorough housekeeper:' city 01
country: no triflers need apply: references
given and required. Bex 10S, Call.
RESPECTABLE young woman. , wishes a po-
sition to do light housework with a small
Christian family or would go as working
housekeeper; references; no postals. Call al
1330 Grove st.
A NEAT young Swedish girl wishes to do sec-
ond work: is a good waitress; good reference.
613 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl, 13 years of age, would like posi-
tion to do light housework or take care ol
children. Apply ?05 Folsom st.
YOI'NG girl wishes a place In American fam-
ily as second girl; (-peaks German and Dan-
ish, but no English. Address 930 York St.,
city.
PLAIN sewing, crocheting: reasonable; first
class. -153 Tehnma st., fiat 6.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. 2203 li!s-
Flon Ft., corner Eighteenth.
A WOMAN wishes a position to work by the
day steady. 1787 McAllister st.
TWO respectable reliable women want positions
to take care of residence during persons ab-
sent to Paris or country; good care given.
Box 2!t43, Call. •_
SITUATION wanted by a young girl for up-
Ftatrs work;- 1322 Broadway; no postals.
WOMAN wishes sewing and repairing to do
at home. 116 Sixth St., room 6.
GIRL for second work and waiting. Call 44S
Linden ave.. between Octavia and Lamina.
WOMAN wants to do work by day; washing.
Ironing and housecleanlng. Address Laun-
dress, Call branch, 300 Hayes st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
general housework: good cook; city or coun-
try. 10 Stockton place, off Grant ave.
A GERMAN lady wishes position washing or
hnuser-lr-nning by the day. 7 Oakwood St.,
off Eighteenth.
GOOD washer and Ironer wants family wash-
Ing to do at home. Call £11 McAllister st.
¦WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from feiry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Futscriptions haa been established at 1C96 Va-
lencla tt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A COMPETENT German and wife deslre~slt»n
atlons; understand all kinds of ranch work;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOI'NG man with good address and temperate
habits wants to learn the saloon business;
will work cheap to learn. Box 197, Call.
COMPETENT man— A well-educated German
wants a. position of trust In wholesale house
or office; collector, etc.: salary no object If
chance to work up; can give bonds and refer-
ences. Box 195, Call.
SITUATION wanted a* foreman, time-keeper
or watchman; references; bonds. Box 158,
Call Office.
STEADY sober young man, age 24, wishes po-
sition In m.ich'.no-shop as blacksmith's helper;
Is handy with tools. Box 2C0. CaU.
A SOBER, Industrious middle-aged man wants
situation as man nbout place for general
chore r.-ork, gardener and carpenter; best of
references. Box 2942, Call.
A PRACTICAL dry and sweet wine maker; 20
years' experience; best references; wants sit-
uation. Address Wlnemaker, care of F. W.
GRABAU. 417 Bush St.. San Francisco.
YOUNG man would like position In office or
mercantile house at any wages; no experience.
l>ox 162. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia st.
EXPEItT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYEItLE. German expert optician,
1071H Market (rear Seventh); exam nation
free; German eye water by mall. EOc; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt
extension of protkst.
extension'ofprotest.
CAPTAIN CLEMENS HOEVER, master of
the German ship "I. C. Pfiuger" (Q. F. D.
K.). will extend his protest on WEDNES-
DAY. July 25. 1SC0. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at
the office of the Imperial German Consulate
In this city. 31S Sarrnmento street.
Saa Francisco, July 21, 1900. i. ; : ¦
O. LOHAN.
Imperial German Vice-Consul.
FLATS TO LET. 4
100 flats, houses— A. M. SPECK & CO., C67 Mkt.
909 Buchanan f.r,r.$l.i , 793 Haight ...f.6r.J23
417 Jones f.6r.$2o 348 Waller ...f.5r.$20
72 Webster ..f.6r.$r. I 397S ISth f.Br.flS
1511 Clay f.4r.$20 I 334S 20th f.5r.$15
31<X) California, grocery store & flat above. tt>0.
A— 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; J25 and J2S. 973-973 Golden
Gate ave.
A— ft-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417"4 Third.
ELEGANT sunny top flat, 4 rooms, gas. 60
Ivy ave., near Mechanics' Pavilion.
FIFTEENTH, 1S76, nr. Dolores— Sunny baywln-
dow flat: 7 rooms, bath: house 5 rooms, stable.
FINE lower sunny 3-room flat; $10; cheap; 3
Pine place, off Pine Rt., near Mason. '
FLAT of 4 rooms: $11. 816 Dolores at.
FLAT to let: 4 rooms; large yard and base-
ment: rent cheap. 321 Tenth st.
HARRISON. 410— Sunny upper flat of 5 rooms;
fine marine view.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
PINE. 2319H. near Flllmore— Sunny modern up-
per flat; 5 rooms: bath.
SUNNY modern upper flat; 5 rooms, bath.
2319V, Pine st., near Flllmore.
TURK. £20B— Sunny flat, 4 rooms; large base-
ment, rent $12; no children.
UPPER flat; nice clean sunny tenement: 5
rooms: bath; modern improvements. 202
Francis st.
$22 tO— MODERN flat. 8 rooms, bath: newly
grained; first-class. 112S Howard, n r. Seventh.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
GROVE. S18. near Flllmore— Furnished flat o
6 large, sunny rooms; piano; front and sld
yards; family stable; rent 540 without stable
Apply on premises or MADISON & BURKE
FUH.MTUHK FOR SALE.
PRIVATE sale of furniture owing to lmmedl
ate departure to Honolulu. 734 Guerrero st
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FUnXlTDRK WAXTEP. "~
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted
M. Silversteln, 1121 Market; tel, Folsom 1105
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pay:
highest price for your second-hand furniture
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy
•furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weeklj
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th<
United States or Canada one year for SI.
IIKLP WANTED— FK31ALB.
A-HOTEIi cook; Mill Valley; $35. MISS CUL
LEX, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, boarding house, Alameda County, $25
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
BOARDING-HOUSE cock. Vallejo. $25; board
ing-house cook. Lake County, $30; worklni
housekeeper, city, $15. MISS CULLEN, 32:
Sutter at.
GERMAN nurse, city. $25: German second girl
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— TWO chambermaids and waitresses, Boulde:
Creek, $20 each; 2 waitresses, Hanford. $2;
each; 6 waitresses, city, $20 and $25; waitress
Bt. Helena. $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
G R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant IS:
HOTEL DEPARTMENT:
8 waitresses, different first-class springs and
summer resorts, $20; 7 waitresses, commercia
hotels, $20 and $25. all of them fare paid; !
waitresses, mining town. $20, fare paid. se<
party here; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 2 chamber-
maids to wait. $20; pastry cook. $35; dish-
washer, $20; man and wife, waiter and wait-
ress, country hotel, fee party here, fare paid
FAMILY DEPARTMENT:
Cook, Belvedere, $25. see party here at !
o'clock; French second girl, $20; German seam,
stress and waitress, $20; ranch cook, to gt
to-day, $20 and fare paid; 50 houseglrln, cltj
and country: nurse girl, Fresno. $20, see part)
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG nurse girl to take care of 2 children
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10'
Geary st.
WORKING- housekeeper for ranch; Nevada; $30
fare paid; see party here 10 a. m. : no objec-
tion to a child. C. R. HANSEN & CO., lfc
Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, plain wash, short distance,
email American family, $30. see lady here this
forenoon;-. Scandinavian laundress, private
family. $30; laundress, country hotel, $30;
cook, no wash, short distance, $30; fancy
lrnner. hotel, $30; cook, small boarding-house,
$30; Protestant second girl, short distance,
$25; chambermaid, country hotel, $20; 5 nurs<
girls, city and country, $20; 6 waitresses foi
city and country, $20; large number of girls
for general housework, city and country. $2(
and $25. Apply J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter St.
WANTED— A nursery governess to teact
French and play piano; $25. J. F. CRO
SETT & CO. • 316 gutter st.
SIX good waitresses; good wages; short hours.
413 Market St., Cllne's Creamery.
WANTED— Young girls to paste samples. E.
j _H. LEVY. Inc.. 513 Market St.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk and wool
waists; steady work. S.F. Mfg. Co., 409A Turk.
NEAT young girl to assist with housework;
no washing. 236 Twelfth Bt.
WANTED — German cook for coffee and lunch
house; wages $7 week. 32 Sixth st.
j WANTED — Competent young girl for general
housework; a good cook; 3 in family: city
I references required; wages $20. Call at north-
west corner of Taylor st. and Broadway, be-
tween 10 and 4 o'clock.
GIRL for light housework at 1044 Ellis rt.
GIRL not under 16 to assist In housework; sleep
home preferred. 616 Halght st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking: small
family: no children. 1438 Fulton St., between
Broderlck and Baker.
EXPERIENCED girl for general housework;
$25; references. 2514 Washington St.
GIRLS wanted to learn shoeflttlng. Apply O.
M. .KUTZ CO.. 103 Mission r,t.
INTELLIGENT girl as typewriter; must be
quick and accurate. HAUSSLER BROS.,
10W Market st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework;
wages $10. 1630 Buchannan t.t.
A YOUNG lady for bookkeeping: must be good
penman. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
YOUNG Ctrl for light housework; no washing;
6leep home; German preferred. 24 Eleventh
St.. near Mission.
WANTED— Girl dressmakers. MME. CECILIe]
330 Eddy SL
A FINISHER wanted on custom coats; also
WANTED— German cook for small family, San
Mateo. Call Tuesday, 1801 California st.
PANTS finishers wanted; steady work. 43
Ellis St.. room 50, top floor.
WANTED— Girl for housework and cooking;
small family; no washing. Call 215 Hayes st.
GERMAN girl wanted to do housework. 516
Hayes st.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work and cooking. 91S Eddy st.
WANTED — Young girl to assist in light houie.
work; good home; no children. 2 Lexington
avenue.
GIRL or woman to assist: good home: wages
$3. 312 Sanchez street, near Sixteenth.
FINISHERS on coots. 251 Eighth Bt, Oakland.
"WANTED— Experienced canners; steady work;
Highest wages paid. Apply Immediately, The
U. S. Fruit Packing Co.. Harrison st.. off
Folsom, between Seventh and Eighth.
WOMEN and girls; preparing and canning
fruit; steady work; good wages. Apply Call-
fornlan Canneries Co.. Brannan Bt., between
Third and Fourth.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit nt California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
A WOMAN as saleswoman In bakery; experi-
enced lady preferred. 2232 Mission Bt., Whee-
land's bakery.
GIRL for housework; German preferred; no
children; four persons; $15 a month. 2508H
Bryant st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; must be
good cook; pay $25. Apply after 10 o'clock
1414 Post St.. between Gough and Octavla.
YOUNG gtrl for cooking and housework: email
family; 9-12 a. m. 1S10 Lacuna st.
WANTED— Girl, general housework, cooking;
small family; $15. 1216!4 Golden Gate ave.
APPRENTICES' on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32V4 Fremont at.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Experienced ennners: also women
and girls Mo work on fruit: highest wages
paid at CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Tenth and Bryant streets.
LADY solicitors wanted for country and city;
ealary and percentage; In good paying busi-
ness. F. I. Co., Columbian bldg., room 40.
WANTED— A woman past 30 to manage a
country business; must be Industrious and of
good character. Box 161. Call.
LADY solicitors wanted for country and city
in good paying legitimate business. F. I.
CO... room 40. Columbian building.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
Ftate experience, salary and references. Ad-
dregg C. II . box 1S24. Call office.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
nnd stock shirts; steady em'ymt. 635 Valencia.
SMALL girl for light housework; good home;
wages $5. 787 Stevenson St.. off Ninth.
COOK and 2 second girls, same house: wages
?20. $25, $20. MRS. CATTELL, 525 Eighth bt.,
Oakland.
GIRL for general housework: 3 adults and 1
child in family; wages $20. 1904 Broadway.
AN experienced chambermaid; must wait at
table once a day; small hotel. 299 Hyde st.
APPRENTICES an overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove nts.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st., between 13th and 14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists; $10
a week. Livingston Mfg. Co.. 226 Bush st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
: Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada. nn» ve-ar fnr 11.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
>f A MAN to buy out a seltzer route; good paying
e business. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
<| A— MURRAY & READY. ...PHONE MAIN 5S13
¦ ...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE
74C3 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington, Arizona, Oregon, Nevada. Brlt-
'1 lfh Columbia and Hawaiian 'Islands
7 FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
And no other expenses to Reno (New) Dlst.
; Ix>st Angeles Dlst Truckee Dlst.
Santa Barbara Dlst Shasta Dlst.
Salt Lake City Dlst Crows Landing Dlst.
L Santa Cruz Dlst Newman Dlst.
• Dunsmulr Dlst Bakersfleld Dist.
1 Soda Springs Dlst Madera Dlst.
s Kan Luis Dlst Surf Dlst.
Special to Shasta County Dlst
Redding Delta ..Dunsmulr
s and othennpolnts good wages
t. and other pla«>s; we ship free free
r '. COME ONE— COME ALL
j Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen.
quarrymen. spikers, section hands, tunnelmen.
m Bteel gangs, etc.. wages $3. $2 CO, $2 23. $2. $1 73
day and .free shipment
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally to
go to different railroads. Why? Because It
costs only ?1 fee; no other expenses; come see
free free
" MURRAY & READY. 634-63G Clay St.
A— 35 CARPENTERS to build large flume
20 laborers to handle hammer, etc $30 to ?40
, and found
5 133 miners, gold, silver and other mines, $90,
$75, $60 and found
• 15 muckers $50
, fireman, gold mine. $60: crowd going to mines;
6 men to work In warehouse $40 and found
2C4 laborers to work at different mines. $50,
r $48. ?40 and found, no experience required,
5 you'll suit
. C machine miners, gold mine $90
197 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $J5, $30,
: $25 and found; 32 chpremen and boys
• £3 harvest hands $2 50. $2 a day and found
, 47 milkers and butter-makers
j $35. J10 J30 and found
i 197 men to work In sawmills, woods, etc., we
• pay your fares. $95, $?0, $80, $75. $60. $55. $oO,
s $45. $40. $35. $30, $2G and found
138 tiemakers. woodchoppers, tools and food
found, |2 50 to $1 a cord, 13c to 10c each; woods
foreman; sawmill foreman, boes here; gang
edgerman, screw turner, boss here; sheep
, herders; men for hay presses
87 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, har-
' ness cleaners, etc., $45. $40, $55, $30 and found
, SS6 laborers and -teamsters for all parts of Cal-
' ifornia, $2 50. $2 25. $2. $175 a day; many for
city positions and board home.
MURRAY & READY. 634-CC6 Clay St.
i MECHANICAL help 2 Bridge Builders
Carpenters for a Vineyard Co
26 blacksmiths, horseshoers, wood workers,
; helpers, etc.. $2, $2 50 a day to $60 and found;
coremaker and other mechanics: wagon-mak-
l er, $3 day; wheelwright.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
' A— BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPARTMENTS
3 Chef and second cook, country hotel. ?S5 and
I found; 25 cocks, city and country places, $30,
; $35. $40 to JCO and found: first and second head
r bakers and helpers, $60, $40, $35 and $30 and
found: shop and slaughter-house butchers,
etc., $i"P, $40, $30 and found; laundry help and
I others.
f MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
J AGAIN We Pay Your Fare 265 Men
for the Bawmills and woods, no experience re-
quired. $26 to $40 and found fare paid
I MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— COME down and get our list of 72G3 Job3 and
read our latest bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C2S Clay St.
- A FREE FARE
8 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, $3 to
$3 25 day
' 4 steel bridge men. $3 23 to $3 50 day; 24 la-
1 borers to truck, etc., city Job. $40 and found.
; MURRAY & READY, CC4-6I6 Clay St.
• A WAREHOUSE WORK FREE FARE
15 laborers, boss here, see him. $2 50 day.
I MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A- SPECIAL
¦ 10 new mines want 65 miners, $90. $73 per
, month and found; 1S3 laborers. $60. $4S ana
found; planer man, $30 and found; 20 labor-
ers for Oakland. $2 23 day; bench hand, plan-
ing TOlll $30
25 two-horse teamsters for a sawmill $60
Help for 1 institution* — Porters, for good
j.lacft,; second cooks, springs. $43 and found;
23 waiters. J3<\ f35 and found; blacksmith's
1 helper, carriage woodworkers. MURRAY &
READY. C34-636 Clay St.
I A— FREE SHIPMENT TO SALT LAKE.
UTAH 12 laborers, etc WE SHIP FREE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
A-C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
3O0 laborers. S. P. Co.'s own work.... $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast Road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
! 100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office fee *1 Free fa«i»
10 men to handle grain, 23c an hour, free
fare, see boss here; 20 laborers for woods,
$26 and board, fare advanced; 10 miners and
machine men, $2 60 to $3 a day; 2 box nailers,
country. $2 a day. see boss here; 3 black-
smiths, $2 and $3 a day; woodworker. $2 50
a day; farmers, milkers, choremen and
others
' HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Railroad camo cook, T60 nnd free fare; 2
camp waiters. $25: cook .country hotel, $30;
cook, restaurant. $12 60 a week; second cook,
$40. and dishwasher. $30, same springs; eec-
1 (.nd cook, springs. $jj; waffleman. country,
hotel. $J0; 6 waiters, country hotels. $30 and
$23; waiter 'and wife, $45 and found; 2 bell
boys, country hotel, $15 and free fare; pol-
isher, hotel laundry, $13 and found, free fare
1 both ways.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $40J restaurant
cooks, $10 a week; night cook, $10 a week;
hotel and restaurant waiters; third cook.
' country hotel $30; potwashers, dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 623
Sacramento Bt.
MAN and wife for private family, housework,
$30; see employer here to-day. J. F. CROS-
ETT AGENCY^ 62S Sacramento St.
FARMER and wife for poultry ranch. $.*i0;
Swiss gardener, $30: 2 men about place. $20
and $25; farmers, $25: miners. $2 50 and $3 a
day and $40 and board; planer man. $50 and
board; sticker man, $2 50 to $3 day; black-
smiths, wheelwrights, carpenters; machinists;
molders: 100 laborers for railroads, mines,
mills and other work at going wages, and
many others. Call and look over our list. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED
Walter and wife for mining boarding-house,
- . $60: 2 waiters for mine. $30
4 ranch teamsters, see boss here, 11 a. m., $30:
3 carmen for mine, $2 a day; 4 men to build
flume, $40 and board; 3 laborers, rock crusher,
$25 and board; carriage blacksmith, $3 a day:
2 milkers, country, $30; 2 machine miners. $3
a day; single handed miners, $2 50 a day;
driller, quarry, $2 50 a day: brick yard la-
borers. $2 a clay; brick molder and setter. $3
a day; wondchopper for mine. SI 50 a cord.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
WANTED — Retail salesman familiar with gro-
cery business. Box 3426, CaU.
A BOY about 13 years of age to work in large
cigar factory. Address box 199, Call.
BOY wanted. HOLMES BOOK COMPANY.
704 Mission St.-
BARBER to take'eharge of shop; saloon. 1749
Mission st.. near Fourteenth.
ERRAN'D boy wanted. 641% Stevenson st.
WANTED — A young grocery clerk. Apply 1712
Eddy st.
SALESMAN for butcher trade; g<y>d chance
for right man. Box 193, Call.
GENERALLY useful man for family of two:
must understand housework; temperate. Box
192. Call. i
WAITER wanted. 207 Third st.
WAITER wanted at 43 Third St.
WANTED — A waiter; steady man; night work.
J. FABRIE. 1436 Turk St.
WANTED— A butcher; good meat cutter. 1706
Church st., near Twenty-ninth.
WANTED— A waiter. 613 Clay st.
VEGETABLEMAN wanted. 631 Clay st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH and helper wanted on wagon
and truck work. 537 Brannan st.
STENOGRAPHER wanted. Address box 342S,
Call office.
WAXTEO-A vegetableman at 434 Fifth st.
YOUNG man to solicit for merchant tailor. 1215
Market St., between Eighth and Ninth.
A— GOOD lunch waiter wanted at NE. cor.
of Howard and Beale Bts.
WANTED— A bedmaker. 47 Steuart St., Dewey
House.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at 474 Tenth St..
Oakland.
CATHOLIC man for grocery; good wages; ex-
perience and references. Box 3423, Call.
WANTED— 2 carpet beaters. McBRIDE & CO.,
930 Howard st.
WANTED— For U. s. army, able-bodied un-
marrled men between ages of 21 and 35; cit-
izens of United States; of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English: recruits are specially de-
sired for service In Philippines. For Infor-
mation apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New
Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
DENTIST, good all-round man at once; good
wages. Address box 1S6, Call.
HU'BVB -Unr. tnw aale. , 102C Hvde st
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A YOUNG man of about IS years to assist m
a clothing store. Corner Bush and Dupont
ets.. The Misfit Clothing Parlor.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good charcter: between the agra
Of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
lnche-j and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to becoqje citizens; able to read, writs
and speak Enslish properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis Bt.. Pan Francisco. Cal.. 530 K
Et.. Sacramento. Cal.. or K-.^S J st.,Fresno,Cal.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; from 6
to 8 weeks' constant practice; commission
while learning; transportations paid; special
inducements until August L AUJrrss tJOR-
lXJN'S I1ARIIEU COLLEGE. 417 North Main
I St.. Los Angeles.
A YOUNG man under 20 for dry goods and fur-
nishings; call to-day or to-morrow. . A. U.
THOMSON. Han Ratael.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop for sale. 1 Spear st.,
near Market.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Te^la coal mines. Tes'a. Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
32S Montgomery St., San Francisco. San
Francisco and t?an Joaquln Coal Company.
WANTED— By established. well-rated firm,
scheme or specialty men to sell exceedingly
attractive and «alable line; special terms and
unique Inducements: high-priced men Inves-
tigate. Box 254. Detroit. Mich.
WANTED — A good molder on Jobbing work:
union man; married preferred; to a live man
permanent Job. Variety Iron Works, Seat-
tle. Wash. _•
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; l.'O large
rooms; 23c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 23c to
10c. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
B. F. Barber College. 741A Howard »t.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 Hth St.. near Guerrero;
Ban Francisco Construction Company.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL. lawyer: 13
years 'practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 23c night; reading room; free
'bus and bagvage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Huward—
Roams 13e to 23c per night: ">c to 12 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha-3 been established rst 1(90 Va-
lencla tt.
HOHSi:s. L1VC STOCK. K(p Vmr Snip
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggled.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auc/ion sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSE for sale; saddle or burgy. MRS. DU-
MAS.. 1800 Howard St., from 9 to 12, a. m.
FOR sale — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL, Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE— Nice road animal, bike buggy and
harness. Nevada Stables. 1250 Market st.
HORSES — Young, well-broken, for all purposes;
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
HOCSK3 TO LRT.
A — PRINTED list; houses to let; t=end for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSSN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
MINNA. 6S, sunny side— 5 rooms; fresh painted
and papered; rent cheap.
NEAT house of 6 rcoms In good order; yard.
1205 Golden Gate ave.
flOUSES WASTED.
WANTED-^Furnlshed hou?e of 10 or 12 rooms
fcr six months or longer; must be modern;
north of Pine and east of Devlsadero sts. Ad-
dress M. R.. box ]<O. Call office. ,
LOST A.\D FOUND. ..
LOST — Horse and wagon, Jackson- st. whar*:
white horse: yellow painted wascon; JIO re-
Ward. 361 Eleventh Bt. R. LA.NCHUER.
LOST— Square gold and platinum, diamond set.
locket: liberal reward. 76 Flood bldg.
LOST — Black muffler, initials "B. L-," between
ferries and Taylor st. ; reward. 110SA Pacific.
LOST— Collie pup with license. "Collins the
; Hatter." 101S Market St.; Ja reward.
LOST — A black shepherd dog: short tall: an-
swer name Duke; reward. Return 416 Grove.
IF the Chinese lady that took the two rings
from my residence at 727 Washington st.. Sun-
day morning about 10 o'clock, will return the
6-carat diamond ring to me immediately no
questions will be asked. DR. TONd PO CHI.
PASSBOOK Hlbemia Savings and Loan So-
ciety, with name THOMAS DUNNE cr
CATHERINE DUNNE. No. . 201-2J7. Under
will please return to bank.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market Ft.— Relia-
ble ladles' and gents' specialists: 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands cf cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladles treated can return home the same
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; horn* for confine,
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5. positive cure; Uome for patient* be-
fore a:id during confinement: skillful medical
attention; consultation free and connJen-
tlal; hours. 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; Sundays. V) to
2. 446 Eddy St.. bet. L-avenworth ani Hyd<-.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELLL. the world-renowned
ladles* specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
cands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fail fall on him. 1023*4 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
Mme; low fees. 1007H Market St.. near Sixth.
A STRICTLY private, secluded residence, away
from crowded thoroughfares and the public
gaze for the treatment of women; confine-
ment cases taken. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1414
Eighth St.. Alameda.
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs."
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office. %j; any ailment: consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; h?rbs and teas;sanl-
tarlum.704 Sacramento.cor. Kearny -.advice free.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1C35 Market— Ladies' special-
ist; home in confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR WISE^ — The only genuine ladles; special-
ist. Office. HIS Market St. •
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mas.nn st.
ailSCELLA.NEOCS FOIl SALE.
BQILERS. engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 13T.-137 Fremont gt.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures: new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand.
22 complete outfits on our floor, ready ma'ie;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NANi 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: write for catalogue.
\ NICE solitaire diamond stud, pure white,
for $30; original cost, $30. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents pear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pip*, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
ANOTHER No. 6 Remington typewriter in
fine order. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. »
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pln».
'FOR sale, cheap: counters, shelving and show-
cases. Apply 61J Stevenson st. No agents.
1000 FEET 2d-hand pipe, black and straight.
lUc per foot; other sizes higher. 64 Silver st.
C0.000-GALLON redwood tank and frame; 1GG0
feet 4-inch casing. THOMPSON. 40 Main *t.
HOUSE painters' complete outfit; staging and
ladders. See PAINTER. S40 ThirJ St.. r 7.
THOROUGHBRED St. Bernard doc for sale.
SltJ'j Ninth tt. ,
GREYHOUND puppies. 3 or 14 months old. by
St. Lawrence; reasonable. 276G Twenty-second.
FIRST-CliASS combination pool table for sale.
1330 Kentucky st.
ONE black and 'tan pup for sale; 4 old ones to
let on shares. 713 Mission st.
ALL sizes engines and boilen bought and sold.
KROGH MFG. CO.. 9 Stevenson st.
2ND-HAND engines, boilert". dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. II. S. White. S1G Mission.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montg.Mnery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: late
model: cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies : selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bidg.
EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced price.
STS: concert records. SI 10. Daciraluui. aSS MkL
MISCELLAXEOCS — FOIl SALE.
PORTABLE engine, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes; ;<l-hand. J. Burke. 13J nea»e.
EECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 flre and buri-
lar proof «afe; cheap. *2 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; movtntf
pictures. KL'LLAKD & KRECK. 131 Post ct.
A 10-TON Fairbanks si-ale and flre and burglar
proof safe. ;ic California st. ,
SAFES— New and »econd-hand. THE HER"
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 fcacramento st.
SAFEt>— New and second-hand: all sizes. TH2
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 M.irket St.. San Fran.
MISCELLVAEOIJ* WANTS.
WANTEPt-JW cne cr two-year-old heifers:
must be dairy stock and froe tmm disease:
state particulars. Address box 127. Call.
A— 100 II. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pregaor. JAR DINE. 220 Fremont at.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. C5 Stockton St.
IF you wish full value for. vour cast-off clothing
call on It. COHEN. 1.*.7 Third: tel. Black 412:1.
BIOXKY '1*O IA>AA.
ANY amount at S per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any. amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, ocattal
mongaRes. life Insurance. Room 18. first
floor. Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 346 Market
St.; tel. Main IW. Branch 13 Third st.
ON real estate, let or 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKEK & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rcoms
63 and 69. Donoho* building. 1170 Market »t.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 123 Kearny. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow en watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
ANY amount on furniture and pianos: X per
cent; no removal; no ccm. Rm. 81. 6 Eddy.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott biff.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. Ml. « Eddy st.
ANT sum. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. «03. Examiner butldin?.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.. solves all kinds of
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates, etc
CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
lndorser. MORRELL. (09 Examiner buildlnsr.
mission; private. LICK. 115 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral cr lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 1*3 Phelan building.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address la th»
United States or Canada one year for SI,
postage paid.
Sll'SICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
1 GOOD upright: good for beginner; IC
1 Neuman upright: rosewood case; $133.
1 Fischer upright: the genuine make; $163.
1 Sterling upright: walnut case: J225.
1 Vose upright; sood as new; $275.
1 Pease upright; used 8 nonth3; 1245.
1 Weber; walnut case: a (treat bargain.
1 Steck: large size; walnut case: a snap.
Easy payments: gllt-edpe guarantee.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 15-13-20 O'Farrell st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every gTade from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
mfnfSrarf easier thaft those o* other dealers.
we are the people from whom you shouIJ
purchase; new upright pianos. $6 cash, }S per
month: ether pianos. $3. H and $-> per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco.
corner Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
EMERSON. $75: Guild. 1100: Newhall. $130; Em-
erson, S173; all great bargains: come early;
they won't stay long. MAL'VAIS MUSIC CO.,
'O Market Bt.
UNTIL August 1* we offer all goods at special
reductions to mnke room for new sto«-le no*
ordered. MAUTAI8 MUSIC CO.. 763 Market.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larsest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
IC, 28 and 30 O'Farrell Ft.: pianos, oi'gans and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible don© to please and satisfy tha
customer.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store to 933
Market St.. between Fifth and Sixth, next to
Hale Bros.; reduction sale win continue for
two weeks to make room for new stock; open
evenings, agency for the celebrated Shonlcger
& Bchnlrg rlsnos. New York.
A VERY fine upright piano, nigh grade, ortjr-
lr.al price $CCO. offered at a Brent !«acr1flr« r.n
account of Illness. Room 10. Flood building.
NEW piano for $173: cost $400; must sell in 3
days, lb'14 Golden Gate ave.
FINE uprlcht Steinway for $230. KEEFFE'S.
S33 Market St.. next to Hale's.
THE WILET B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post «t.:
Hardman, Conover and other pianos.
SOHMER A CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 Post St.. opp. Union square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment |3
per month. SCHMITZ. I* McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER sale of pianos this week for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacrarnento st., agent f»*
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis planoa.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ONE Steinway, 1 Chlclierln*. $100; Installments
to to $10; rent $2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos. $5 payments;
for rent. $3 up. BRUENN. 2T.* Post st.
OFFICES AXD STORES — TO LET.
SUTTER. 2243. near Scott: 3 years established
fruit store or syltabl«» butcher shop; largo
store; 2 living rooms; stable.
FOR rent — Elegant offices and rooms In Y. M.
C. A. bldg. ; all modern imps. ; rents very low.
TO rent— Modern store; well lighted; 23x140;
rent reasonable. 323 Hayes gt.
paluistuv. ~
MME. Neergard, Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to 9. 618 Geary, nr. Jones.
PCHSUXALS.
A REFINED widow desires acquaintance of
some eMerly Kcntletr.an who will help her
financially: object matrimony. Box 3401. Call.
LEDEHEK dresses the hair in the moet elegant
styles for only 25c; try him.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
SCO Market St.. second floor, room 37.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.,
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-cov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed:
prices defy competition; fine upholstery.
Phone 53'W; factory. 313 and 320 Eleventh st. :
f.rft-class cleaning and dyeinff. 403 Sutter
St.. San Francisco.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, has a spe-
cial sale on of $3 switches for II; Monday
only. 113 Stockton st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 3S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 113L
PARALYSIS positively cured: also nervous dis-
eases, skin diseases, lun* diseases, ossifica-
tion, enncer, consumption, stiff Joints: no
drugs: no kulfe; consultation free. DR. L. J.
STRATTON. 507, COS. 5(>9 Parrott bulldlns.
LEDERER fell? Schef tier's Colorlne; restore*
the natural color to the hair; 75c box.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 41 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
::>c to $1 30 per night: $1 CO to $6 per week:
free 'bus and basgage ta and from th«> ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward;
$1 a week. LEON I.EMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
MME. ADA, wonderfully gifted healer. 34
Kearny st.. room 11. cures nervousness. In-
somnia, blindness. Brlght's disease, rupture.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J- B. RAT. 3i7 Jessie st.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brajis. copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 525 Dupont st.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to lto natural color. $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clclhlig.cld gold and silver bought-
send postal. COLEMAN'S. CCS Kearny st. '
G. D. MORSC photographer. 2C06 Pacific ave
»etTT^en Pie-re and Scr.tt: phone Stelner 3391.
I'HYSICIAAS A5D SLKGKO.VS.
DR. CRANSTON. the^reaT's^eiallst." haa re-
*umed practice at 12H3 Market, cor. Taylor-
offices 15 and 26; take elevator.
VT h> F- £ O'DONNELL-Offlce and residence.
1021^ Market at., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
J15.C0O—THP.EE nice cottages and~one^half Jn-
ISSJ 1^,° ra?r brlck bu »dtn B : all rented; £-
fnr iif^ 4 . "• * near Sac ra m *nto: exchange
for city improved or unimproved property
feunset. SZ Montgomery «t.. room* S Jadt «ISome Birds' Nests,
Woodpeckers all use holes drilled out
with their strong bills, the chips making
the' lining. If you follow up a series of
round holes drilled in the decayed branch
of a. tree, you will usually come upon one
of these nests.
These birds waste much time and labor
bv drilling several holes before they find
one to suit their fancy. These holes, be
sides forming the nest in summer, answer
for a home in winter, though sometimes
the male bird drills a hole just large
enough for himself, and lets his mate
weather the winter storms as well as she
can.
The woodpeckers drill new holes for
nests each season, and the old ones are
quietly appropriated by the nut-hatches,
the chickadees and the brown creepers.
Each has her notions of refurnishing the
borrowed homes. The chickadees put
down a soft carpet or rusr of caterpillar
silk or spider webe, mixed with down from
plants. The nut-hatches are satisfied
with a mat of prass.
The Rreat crested flycatcher also uses a
convenient woodpeckers' hole, but not
finding it furnished to meet her fancy, she
upholsters it with the most curious mate
rial you could possibly guess. SnakeskinsI
How can a bird know where to find them?
Yet she does, and almost Invariably, In
every great-crested flycatcher's nest, you
will find one or more castoff snakesklns.
Wrens, swallows, bluebirds, owls, eagles
and some hawks, use last year's nest3
with some slight repairs, or appropriate
a deserted one that seems suitable.
A wren will rear a little family in a hole
in a tree that seems hardly large enough
for the mother bird. The bluebird and the i
martin will be thankful for any boxes :
nailed about the garden to assist them in
their housekeeping cares.
Bv far the larger proportion of our birds
build a new nest each season, though
often returning to the same locality.
Then comes that great army of birds that
build 'not only a ~«w nest each year, but
a new nest for each brood. — Vlck's Maga
zine.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hugh S Murphy to Mary T. and Catherine
F F Farrell lot on X line of Fell street. 100
E Of Flllmore; K 25 by N 137:S, W 41:6',, S 12:8,
E 1S:7, S 125; $10.
Annie T. Uunphy (widow) to Daniel Ein
stein lot on N'B corner of Clay and Lyon
street?. E 56:3 by N 105: *10.
Daniel and F.llen Einstein to Annie T. Dun
rhy, lot on PE corner of Page street and Cen
tral avenue (Lott). E 89:4 by S IS; J10.
Jacob A. Schelling to St. Luke's German
Evangelical Church of San Francisco (corpora
tion) lot on S line of Fifteenth street, 25 W
of Church. W :*> by S I'M: $10.
Rosana Warwick (Smith) to Mary Irwin,
Nancy Casebolt. Regin Smith, Laura Chick.
Lelia C. Coftman, Jane Caily. Alice Schmidt.
Sarah Fisher, Edward, John W. and Charles
H Smith and AcMie Zeigler, lot on NW line
of Market street. 448 SVV of Church, SW 25.
N-W 116:1. N- 3S:3'i. SE 145:3»i; *2ijO.
Isaac Anderson to William H. . and Eliza C.
Miller lot on S line of Thirteenth street, 26 W
of Waiter, \V 25 by S 100; $10.
Michael Irwin to Julia A. Irwin, lot on N
line of Sixteenth street. 160 W of Xoe. W 23
by N 115; |10.
I'ninn Collection Company (corporation) to
Charles H. Athearn, lot on S line of Twenty
fifth street. 50 E of Bryant. E 25 by S 90; $1000.
Sumner I. ar.d Theodore F. Blake to Henry
Felee, lot on N line of Clipper street. 203:8 E
of Sanchez, E HhU by N U4; *W.
Dolores P. de Iyaalza to B. Eells Colby, lot
on \V line of Taylor street, 55 S of Washing
ton. S M 2':6 by W 337:6; 1100.
John F. and Mary Sullivan to Anna Gllmar
tin, lot on SE line of Freelon street, 315 NE of
Fourth, NE 20 by SE SO: $10.
Same to Anne Gllmartin, lot on NW line of
Freelon street, 2?5 NE of Fourth. NE 200 by
NW SO; Ja.
Maria and Edward Logan to Leah F. Matt,
lot on NW line of Clara street. 252 NE of
Fifth. N'E 22:11 by NW 80; J10.
Joseph B. and Babel L. Coryell to George W.
Mach, lot on E line of Vermont street, 115 N
of Nineteenth street (Butte), N 25 6y B 100; $10.
Margaret A. Murphy (executrix of the estate
of Mary A. Rourke, by H. M. Covert, commis
sioner) to Ellen Murphy, lot on NE line of
Sixteenth street. 315 SE of M. SE 3') by NE
100, block 308, South San Francisco Homestead;
1906.
W. L and Roberta Rodgers. Nicholas and
Sarah R. Bowden, T. C. and Mary E. Coagan
and Albert E. Crane to Oscar Heyman. lots 9
to 16 Cheesman's Map No. 1. P. V. Lands: $10.
Louis C. Schroder to Lizzie G. Schroder, lot
on E line of Lisbon street, )?.O N of Brazil. N
25 by E KM. block :?, Excrlsior Homestead: $10).
Helen A. Wehnter to Solomon Getz, lot on
SW corner of Moscow and China streets, W 100
by S 150. block 72. same; Jlrt.
August! and Deldrich Backstedt to Cord
and Gefiene Beneke, lot on N line of Wilder
street, 50 W of Carrie, W 50 by N 100. block 2,
Fairmount Extension Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
Michael Carney to Dennis Murnhy, lots 40 to
43. block 63", Oakland; also property in Beni
cia; sift.
August anil Anna C RIork to J. A. Gustave
son, undivided half Interest In lot on S line of
Dennlson street, 31.03 E of Valdez. E 31.03 by
S 1W, block D. map of Shell Mound Tract,
.East Oakland; $10.
Harriet M. Rogers tc Gilbert S. Raymond,
lot 1. Electric Heights Tract, subject to a
reservation In deed dated December 30, 1593.
and recorded In 717 D. 156, Brooklyn Township;
$12f>0.
Mary E. Tufferpy to William Tuegey. lot on
E line of Chestnut street. 213:6 N of Central
avenue, N 25 by E 132. block 572. Oakland: jift.
John M. Lathrop to Jennie B. Hall (wife of
E. M.), lot 4. block D. Brockhurst and Whitcher
Tract, Oakland; ?10.
E. M. Hail to J. B. Hall, same, Oakland: $10.
S. E. Blakeley (and as trustee of estate of
Elizabeth J. Watson) to Clarence A. Chlehes
ter. lot on S line of Klinkner avenue. 359:10 E
of Pan Fablo avenue, E 50 by S 100, being lot
4 map 2, property of William, O'Neill, Oak
land; ?IO.
Thomas Hyland to Theodore M. Tracy, lot 4S,
College Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Encinal. B. L. Association to Jean B. and
Marie Sahalot, lot on S line of Division street,
151.53 W of Lancaster, S 8S.30, W 50, N 95.3S,
E 50.51 to beginning, block 1& North Alameda
Tract, Brooklyn Township; JI0.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones t^ Ella F. Wrede.
lot 22 on map of resubdlvlded block E, Elm
hurst Tract. Brooklyn Township; grant.
Builders* Contracts.
Hal<» Brothers (Incorporated) (owners \ with
L. & E. Emanuel (contractors), architects Reid
Brothers— Interior store fixtures for aeconJ
etory of store building in course of erection on
5 line of Ifarket street, between Fifth and
Sixth, commencing 78 feet from Sixth; $5175.
E. O. Schmledell (owner) with M. C. Lynch
(contractor), architect George II. Howard— All
work for a two-story attic and basement frame
huilijinir on NE corner of Washing-ton and
Steiner streets. E 47 by N 102:8U; $70W.
John McCarthy (owner) with B. Martin (con
tractor), architect A. W. Marquis— All work
except house raising and plumbing, for altera
tion* and additions to make a three-story
building on NW corner of Harrison and Dora
streete; $2630^ ¦_ .
Our T>oors Closed to the Mongoose.
The fiat of the nation has gone forth
against the mongoose. Before Congress
adjourned a bill was passed by both
houses prohibiting Us Importation. The
pugnacious little animal Is henceforth to
be placed in the same category as the
Chinese. -
The mongoose Is a native of India. It
is death on rats and anake3. For the de
struction it works among these pests it
is highly prized. But when it clears out
the rats and snakes it betakes itself to
birds and eggs and any sort of small
game it can- get hold of. That is why the
Department of Agriculture classifies it as
a noxious animal. Weighed in the bal
ance, away from its native land, its vices
are found to outweigh its virtues,^ and
therefore it is to be kept out of Uncle
Sam's broad domains.
Thus far very *lew specimens of the
mongoose have been introduced into this
country. The edict of exclusion is based
mainly on the experience of Jamaica,
That island once suffered from a plague
of rats, which were particularly destruc
tive in the cane fields. They were held
responsible for an annual loss of some
thing like $rwo,OOQ. In February. 1S72. nine
individuals of the mongoose, four males
and five females, were introduced from
India. .
They increased with remarkable rapid
ity and soon spread all over the island,
even to the tops of the highest mountains.
They proved inveterate rat destroyers. A
decade after their Introduction it was es
timated that thev were thus saving the
suear planters $223,000 per annum. And
the mongoose was blessed.
Still the mongoose increased, and its
murderous habits became more and more
apparent as the rats diminished. It de
stroyed young pigs, kids, lambs, > puppies,
kittens, poultry, game, birds which nest
ed on or near the ground, egga, ground
lizards, frogs, turtles' eggs and land
crabs. It was also known to eat ripe
bananas., pineapples, young corn, pears,
sweet ' potatoes, cocoanuts and other
fruits. Toward the close of the second
decade the mongoose came to be regarded
as the worst pest ever introduced into the
island— worse than the rats which It de
stroyed. Then the mongoose was officially
anathematized.
Hawaii, where the- mongoose was intro
duced in 1581. underwent a somewhat sim
ilar experience, and in 1892 a . law -was
passed forbidding the Introduction, breed
ing or keeping ofjthe mongoose on the
island.
All of which goea to show that the mon
goose'ls a good animal to let alone where
nature has-claced it.
"What time Is It?" asked a man who
was riding with a detective in a cab the
other day.
The detective pushed an almost invisible
lever on the side of the setting of a large
cameo ring that he wore on the third fin
ger of his left hand. Then he placed his
left hand at his left ear and listened for
"Seventeen minutes past 3," he replied
"Now you can go ahead and tell me
about that," said the man who was riding
with the detective. The man had watched
the detective's method of ascertaining the
time with interest. "I can see that big
ring of yours is a repeating watch, of
course. Let's. have the rest of it."
"This ring and repeating watch com
bined." said the detective, "belonged to
one of the most notorious of the swagger
gang of shortcard players who used to
work the ocean steamships. He's bee^
dead for ten years now, and as his family
are pretty good people, and one of hig sons
is an officer in the army out in the Philip
pines, I needn't mention his name. He
was the champion of his class, though.
"This card sharper had this ring I'm
wearing made in Switzerland for a pur
pose. He made many thousands of dollars
with it. His game was this way: When
a gang of men on one of the steamships
on which he was a passenger would get
together in the smoking-room or carrl
room and get to betting on the revolu
tions of the screw, on the weather, on the
day's voyage, on any old thing, he would
gently butt in with a crack to the effect
that there wasn't one man out of a hun
dred that could properly count off a min
ute—that is, that could exactly, or any
thing like exactly, apprehend the passage
of sixty seconds. This would lean to a di3
cuseion, and the sharper would attempt
to prove his statement by reference to the
fact that few referees of prize-fights are
able to count ten seconds over a prostrate
fighter with anything like accuracy. Then
there'd be more chaw on this point, and
finally the sharper would suggest that all
hands present chip in a pool, say of $100
each; the whole bundle to be walked away
with by the man in the pool who could
count the nearest to a minute. The crowd
never failed to bite.
"He worked this trick once too often.
Oddly enough a Scotland Yard man got
next to the gag. Now Scotland Yard men
are, as a rule, pretty obtuse and opaque,
and aijw other thing? like that, but thi3
Scotland Yard man was an exception to
the rule, and he tumbled to the card
sharper's little stall. The Scotland Yard
detective was in a minute-guessing pool
for a £5 note himself, and the attitude of
the short-card man in counting off his
precise sixty seconds struck him as being
a bit peculiar. He didn't say anything
right then, but after the short-card man
had gone out. after gathering up the pool,
he mentioned his suspicions to a couple
of other passengers. When the short-card
E layer returned to the card cabin the
co'tland Yard man. sure that he was
right, walked up behind the sharper, who
was sitting down, and suddenly grabbed
his left wrist, saying:
" 'Let's have an inspection of that ring.
"The sharper promptly jumped to his
feet and knocked the Scotland Yard man
flat. The cat was out of the bag, how
ever, and all the men In the compartment,
who'd been, in the minute-guessing pool,
called upon the sharper to show up his
ring. With a very much aggrieved air the
shark pulled off the ring on his third
finger and threw it on the table, protest
ing in a dignified manner that they had no
right to doubt his integrity. When they'd
got through examining the ring without
finding anything unusual about it, he took
it back, laid it on the table again, got a
hammer and broke it open. It was just a
plain cameo ring, that was all, with no
works or anything else Inside it. This
sharper was a wise gazabo in his genera
tion, you see. and he had a duplicate — a3
iH.r as the outside went — of
along with him for just such an emer
gency. The Scotland Yard man got the
laugh, of course, and the shark was re
stored to the favor of all the men who'd
suspected him on the detective's say so,
and was able to pose before them as an
outraged man for tha remainder of the
voyage. But he never tried the game
again.
"This short-card man quit the steam
ers and. with a competency, led a square
life for some years previous to his cashing
in. When he was on his last bed he sent
for-'me — I'd known him for a lonpr while —
and handed me this ring. Said he didn't
want to leave his children any old ihinp
that had served him in his former life of
grafting. It's a fine bit of work and is
worth about $1000. I've worn it off and
on for a number of years now. No," con
cluded the detective, smiling'. "I haven't
done any business with it." — Chicago Inter
Ocean.
TJetective's Yarn That Goes to Show
How Difficult It Is for Every
body to Count a
Minute.
FLY GAMBLER
AND THE WATCH
IN HIS RING
Used the Little Repeater to
Work His Wiles on the •
Dear Public.
THE SAN FKAXC1SCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 1900.
13
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shangnal. and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. N
SS. AMERICA MARL'... .Friday, August 3. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
....Wednesday. August 29, 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
'. -r.. Saturday. September 22. 1X0
- Via . Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets . at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
4n Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
About 50 per cent of the 'school boys of
the District of Columbia use tobacco in
some form, fl
Teutonic peasants were the pro\iders of
blonde hair for rich Roman princesses-,
who loved the contrast of Its flaxen hue
with their black eyes.
BAILBOAD* TEAVEL.
int'TUKB.1 t'AVirtV CWJIPAXT.
(r«cino st.itcm.)
rrmlns !•!•«• »n<l ars rfiir «• nrrl** »•
(Kaln Line, Foot of Market Stre«L)
tSATi — From Jclt 13. 19C0L — *ssir s
*?:••& Bentda. Suisuo. dmlza. V»c»»li:«.
Ramsey *nd Sacraicen to *7:43r
•;:tio v Shuta F.tpr •¦«- Vn.s WUIImm (far
Bartlett SprinpX WUlow*. Bed
Biufl. Poniaad. «7:43r
•I:3»» Mirtiner:. .-i»a U»i:ir-n. V»l!»jo. Napa.
CsUstnf a and Haaca Roaa *Oi 1 3 •
*S:OO* IHtU, Wocdlaad. KnizhU Lsadiag,
Manif i!!e. t)roti!lc »7sl3r
•»:•«»* Atlantic Kxpreta — Ogden aod East *11:(.1a
•¦¦an* Sau Jum. Utermun. Jitoekeou.
lone. iiact«ini>ut». FUc-n VAe. *
MarpTillo. Chieo. Ue<! Kiuff M:|lf
* a i3»» O*«il» -. Chinese (for Yoaemite).
Hooora. Caster* '. *I:I"Jf
•(»:«»» Hajw&pii&. HUM and Way Atatioea. Ml>15t
*9:O«a Los Aose'.e* Exprwi* — Martinex.
Traer. Latarop, .-j^jcktoo. Mrieed
and Frein.> *flt4.1p
•9:3tt* V»:;-j,,. Martliun a»rtWa» SUtloni *3:4.tp
•H(:o«» Th«Ot«ln]4 1.inil > "J — OKden. Dea-
»«r. <>:n»h*. Chin«> "Sjiar
•11:00 1 XU-.s. LJ>«rmore. riwclttOD. 8aer».
nifotn. Mendota. lUuford. VUalla,
»'..r:«»i.;- •¦lil-'lr
•l*:OO M H«j«.p:j. Nileaaiid Way StaUon*. 'J:4V
* I s «i>r s.i , »in-,,-.o i: j ,» r St««mers t»:O»«
•:t:O»p llaywirds, Niirj and Wij SUtiona. *¦¦>: IMp
•4:U«r Mu:i!ii", Man it • num. Vallsjo.
N«p«. UklhlaM -»nta K *\ *0tlS*
•».i»»r B-n ;ia. Wint«r». Hacr«ui*nto.
Wi. i. !,»:¦!. i; n ;,i,u i.*odliig.
XfiryiTEIe. Oniffll* •!•:€»»
•l:3Of NI!m. Saa Jn»e aud Stockton *7:I1»
•3:OOpT1jo O»l Limited— Trvry. Ttttao.
BxkerslleUl. fjauffiia for S»u** Bar-
bara. Is* Al.;.;»« tllJt
•5:0t»r Freai:o Pisssrstr— Martinez, L»ta-
rc[>. Sb^cktoo. Marcni. Berenda
CKaTta-.«id for Tcsemite). Kfpan&.>*l3il3p
•J«3»F Sew <>:i -av.r Expreas — li»lierarieUl.
WmiiIm It.ii'in. l..« Au«-;«, Dra-
in;, El ruo, Sew Orieaua aud
r.««; 'tiii*
*6:Oi»p tfivnu.!:. Ki.'eiaadSto JoS« *7:13*
fA:««r Vallejo v . Ma«|:»r
•l»-.O«r oriental Mail — Off-ton. Chfjmne. .
'>,;ih». Chicag-j *11>43a
•OitOpOrieriil Mail— Ogdsn, Daoter,
«>r.-»:.». CLL-i.-j •l:!3p
fl:»»p Vallrjo. Port Coala and Waf Sla-
U..ua t*--3*r
•«!:<>.-Sr or ¦•».... »r. 1 C&Ilf»mh i:«;.r~M. «.ae-
¦ i.inteiiti*. .MarjiTille. lte<Mtii(.
I'oitUnl. r.igft !i«»iMi» and Fast # lil34
COM II1KHH Ilimit llwg»jL
I Foot -if Market Street.)
;T:I5* S»uU Cruz Excursion /or AaBta
Cnz and rrincipai W»j Stations Jf :03f
•1:I3» ?<¦-» »r :.l -1, '. .•!••:. -.-an .!...». *>;t. mi.
IScu.'d-TCrtr«k.8aiitaCruxaud '.V»j
StaUoi«... ••:»«p
1»il3p Newark, CantMTtI>. ft*u Jots. Sew
.Kiir.% !rn, f'altoo. •'. : !»r r."v>x,
J »i:-» l.nn and I'ricdBal Wit
Sy»tior,a •l»:-»o.
•4:l»r Newark. .S»n Jfin, tea f;atos tSi--»»»
al:l5r Olga<TC<xL Felton. g*it% Craz t':I*t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaSli r.U«;;.iC!-'.j: «f Harktt Si.ni s,i)^-
•7:u aoo lioo*.*. n:: *z.:3 tJ:»
MC3 t3:: 'i-ZZr.*.
f.'»aCH'»O-»jj. t'ifsi i..» ~-ed BOO lOMi.u.
tuzz ?!:;; »::a »3:c: nzz -3:23p.m.
t'O4Vr DITIMOt ir.ro».| «;:«u-»>.
(Third and To'.tnt?"dSb.)
«6:IO4 «>ce*!i View. Mouth ."in Krai:aico.. fli::so 1 >
tT:O«* San Jim »...! Way >¦<>..,,« (Naw
AluiaU— • n>,lii«J>;lm>l;) . *1:3»»
t?:30i Sunday Exnmion for S»n Jo»e.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Rrors and
Principal W«j Station* J»(33p
•ti«Ci hau J •¦••«. Tim rlmM. Manta 4'rna.
PuriiSo *4ro«9. l'M» K<-h ¦¦« Saa
l.i.ts Olilapo, fnxt. Lompoc and
rniidp*! Way MUtlont Mil «P
•Itilti Paa Joss ami Way Statlotta •«jS3»
•1 !;-(>! Man.!na»,LoaGatoa>u><l WajHtationa *Si3Up
t'l:t»r3w Matsn, Kedwood. Menlo Park. -
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Baa .>•<•».
Tres Pice*. 8anta Crux, Salinas.
Mouterty and I'aeifle Gro»<? 'inaft,
t.1:3<» r Saa Jou and Way Stations *~:.t«*r
tltlSr San Joaeand Principal WagrMaHaaa *tt:l-1i
t.iMWrflvi Jose, Lei Hires and I*riBCip«l
Waj. Station* ?B:0rt»
*.%:30p ?»n.I.-.ssan.i i'r;CLVp*nV*y «Si!..,i,j IJfcSS*
•«:.1Dr Hd Jsk anil WayStaJiona <«:•««
j>II:4.-Vk San Jo»g ami War >»t»ti«.na '7:!H>p
A for Morning. P for Afs^moon.
• Dv.'.j ? Surnlar excepttd. I .^midaj only
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday, e Suaday and Monday ._
4- ?
tha hours for Santa Fe trains
to go— 9 a. m., 4:10 p. m.
and 8 p. m. The first for
Kansas City and Chicago,
with sleepers — the s-»cond for
Stockton and Antioch only,
and the third for Fresno and
Bakersfleld, with sleepers for
both places.
I>on't puzzle your brain
trying to read the ordinary
railroad time card— read this
and get aboard.
The man at 628 Market
street wants to see you. or
at the Santa Fe Ferry office.
+ ¦-¦»
? —— — ¦ ?
CALIFORNIA NOSTHWESTEiN RT. COL
1jSSSH!S3
SAH RAHGISCO AND NORTH PACIHS
RAILVTAY COMPA.XY.
Tlimroa Ferry* Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
"WZES. PATS-7:S0, »:00. U.00 a, m.; U:».
8: J0, 1:10. 1:30 p. m. ThursdarB— Extra trl>
tt 11:N o. m. Sit unlays— EUtra. trip* a* l;iJ»
atnS 11:90 a. m.
fiV>T>AT»-S:CO. »:J3. U:C0 a. m.j V.Si. I:»W
5:C4. (:!0 D. rn.
SAX RA7JLEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DAT3- «:1X T::0. *:?}. 11:10 a. m.; OlOf
t:40. i:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtpa ai
l:J5 and «::3 D. ro.
EVS DATS— 3:1?. »;W. U:l» a. m.: 1:40. I:MU
8:05. <:ZS f. Si.
Betireen San Francisco aad Bchu;taea Pmrli
««js» schedal* a* abov.
Lear* I In Efftct. I ArrtT*
Ban Fracdsco. |Ayr. 13. 1300.1 Ban FTaaclse^^
Week J Bnn- I I Su»- I' Waak
Day. ( day*, f I>«tlnatlon.; dar*. I Day.
T:*»am| »:00 »in Novato* 1S:4» ami •:« am.
¦ 1:30 pm »:3»aia Petaluma. «:C5 pmtlt-.M aas>
>:M pm| t:CO pm Santa Ro— ¦ T:«S pal *:» pafc
Faltoa,
fO» am Windsor. 19:35 ajsj
Healdsbar*.
Lytton.
Otyterrina,
t:» pin »^0 am Cloverdal*. T:O pmj t:» m
J:30 &m| I Hopland I 119:13 aa
.10 pal I:W am( and LtlaH. I t.-g pm| 1:30 paaj
ff:M am 13:33 a»
t.-M am GuernaTllle. 7:33 pm
l:»pm t:»pBW
I'fum 1:90 am Sonoma 1:15 am 1:49 aa»,
•iad
1:10 pra 1:00 pra Oleo Ellen. »:8S pm t J» p^
T:JO am! l:C0 am! E10:*0 amil»:3 in
I JO pm! |:C0 pmj gebaatcpol. I 7:15 pa! i:tO pn»
Ptazes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W««C
Spring* and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Ahruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: »*
O«yierrtl!» fcr Ekaggs Sprtcgs: at CloTerdal*
for tl« Geystrs: at Hopland fcr Dun^aa
Eprlrtrs. Highland Ssrtajrs. Kel»eyvll>. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda B«y. Lakeport and Cartlett
Springs: at tTtlaii for Vichy springs. Saratoga
Eprlnga, Blue L "tti, Laurel Dell Lake. Wttur
Br'loes. Upper Lake. Pome. Potter Valley.
Jonn Day's. R!versld*. Liwrl-y"*. BncknelVs.-
Panhe^ tn Heights. HallvHIa. Orr"s Hot
Esrlng*. Mendocliw City. Port Bragx. West-
port. Uttl, Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummina,
Bell's Bpriaga, Harrla, Olsen's. Dytr, Bcotl»
«nd Eureka.
Saturday t"» Mosiay roaad tr'-> tiektta at
reduced rates.
On 8uadsy rwind trip tickets to aO point*
beyond San Rafael »t half rates.
Tlck»t ofce^. CO Market St.. CftVOSfeto Mdg.
H. C. WHITIN'G. R- X. RYAN.
G«tttr*l Manager. Oen. Pass. Agant.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco vis Sausalito Farry:
WEEK DAYS. ...3:30 a. ra.. 1:43 and 5:11 p. m.
SUNDAYS 1. J. 10. U a. m., 1:30. 2:S> p. m.
Fare San Frudsco to Suismlt and return. SI < >.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62/>KE.»BSTST. Establlsbed
In 1*51 lor tht- tr?atnientri pr1rat»
I)i.-«easf s. Lost Mauhn<xt Debility or
disease »*e»ring on bodyand mind and
ikin Diseases. The 'loctorcores'Erban
o:h«rstaiL Try bim. Charge* iqw.
i'nrf«sn*ran(fH, Callorwrita
Or. J. A*. uIRBO.V, Box 1937. Saa Fraadaco
WB8H7 Call $1.00 Der Year
REAL ESTATE CITY FOU SALE.
f BARGAIN IN KnAlTniTAfE?
r: — Mast be told; rriee reduced : owner leav-
ing c:ty; :i:6vH4: 2M St.. nr. Dolores: street
i-e»ere<l anil jrrarfed: ready for bulldir.K; neaj
f"*r lino; pert cash if necessary. Apply owner,
fr H ?M1TH, ?r, Mor.ttorr.ery st.
HAVE yon real estate north of ih* Park cr at
Ui«= MiF?ion t-iat v<->u want to cell: then call
oo W. J. G1NN. 130 California Ft.
K2G0— MODERN »-roorn house in choice location
f.T. Waller ft., rear Pierce. 1 bloc* fruat
Hsight-Et. cats; finished with marble *tep*.
lre*cc*<l ceilings. 3 wood rr.ar.teiw. hard-fin-
ished baFcmetit. etc.; term* ore-fourth c.ish.
balance j:0 monthly. F. NF.LSON. builder
«'"-^HEAPEST lets in the rity; 25x100; OS
ytiT own term*: only 4 minutes to ;»th-sf.
electric cur*. Brvant or Fo't^ai st. trarsfer.
• ::.th ar.d Wisconsin Us. KIVERS BROS.. Z2'>
Montgomery rt.
VERT rh'ir: Bush. TZ. of T-arkln: nte« l«rc»
residence, or could be t^rnet; i-.to fiats: rery
fur.ny: C'JilST:*. Arr-ly on prerr.!»e5,i;;3 Bush.
MODERN beestea and fiats bu:ii at lowest
prjee*: plans and e*?im»T<»p f>!rr.1she-i for all
tuliaing work. CAUPGELU 1UT Mission tl.
NEW cottage: € roorr.K. bath: lot Wxlflfc Mi*
flcr.: *asy term* cr varar.t let. 413 Kearny st.
KEA1* ESTATE-— COVSTB.X — For S»J«-
A FMALL fruH ranch rt 27 «'r»s for m!»
cheap, including all ftrming ut«r.sils: mittt-
at"l ir f^r.nnn c o ar.ty. Address J. O.
MEEKER. San Rafael. J
U'rfi—GR.EAT fcarsrein: modern !-rtery house, !
rwir.1 and bath. itiMt; en fine, large lot. W
i:M; coyt $%•>"•: room f-^r 4 flatc. Aprly !'•'•
Aibicn ave., between Fixttenth ar,d S*T€B-
te*r.?h, Valencia ar.d Guerrero •'•., or at 5t)T
¦"a'ir^-ir'.a et.
I30.C<» WILL buy « ran^h in San Mateo County
of about 6T0 acres; partially improved with
vine* and fruits; only 4 roilei from & princi-
pal station. Br\ ICC. Call office.
I ACCT'RATE personal knowledge— »ach cf the
' SOW rar!ct« on my SALE and EXCHANGE
; ::«. MTe than all other agents in this city.
N. D. SirKELS, the 'and ae^r.t. 6 Otary «t.
49 ACRES — Palermo: olives. orange*. fits*,
pears: tan beaxir.g; a bargain. W. B. JONES.
? Front Et.
ST^^K ar.a eraln rar.ch for pale: Colusa O.:
"4" acres; tie vr acre: i»"« .-.-.-.. rest hill
tana. M. S. CIIANT>ON-. MiryirCte. Cal.
ROOMS FOll HOLSiUUiliri.VG.
A FLAT of 4 beautiful iarpf rorrrr.s. wide hall.
stationery tub*, with bath, completely fur-
rafhed for housekeeping : hot and cold water;
pa? and telephone; new house: fine view;
ht&:thv location: In a small privaie family;
no ehtidreD waxited: rent reisor.abie. 4231
T*'entieth et., near Castro.
AT C2 Fecoail-Light housekeeptnis, %\ 50 to V. s>0
per wk. ; tiT.gle and double.*! to tt £0 per wek.
BUCHANAN. €C2. cor. Fell— Bay-wlr.dow room
ar.d kitchen; Bur.r.y: cas'stove; We'.sfcach; $12.
CAPP. 29. bet. F::ttenth ar.d Sixteenth— Three
iarpe sur.r.y rooms for housekeeping.
EPDT. SIT— Nicelj furnUhed sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; splendid location.
EIGHTH. S«B. r.ear Market— 1 or 2 sunny frcnt
bedrooms *r.d regular kitchen furnished for
housekeeping; bath; private family^
HOWARD, MV-Lus* tunnj front room; light
houseke«> r <r.g: V.
HOWARD. li-eZ'-s— H<"j«eke«r-ir.g rooms. 6lnKle
ar.4 en suite, comfortably furnished; running
witer; r rices reascnab'.e.
JJISXA. S^— 2 or 3 completely furnish-4 house-
keeping floras; also a sunny front room.
MINNA. ?4$— Furnished roorr.s, ccrnp'.ete for
hcusfkerrin.
MIPSIOV. S«5.— 3 la'^-e s-ar.r.y rooms; well fur-
nished fcr housekeeping.
MI?SI<">N. I22L r.»ar new Postcfftce— Nicely
fsmisbad sur.ry front referee; complete for
hou^ekeepir.^.
NATOMA, 645—2 cr 3 funny rtarrj, furnished
ecapkeU; fcr housekeeping: $11 and $13.
OAK. 11?— Lsrpe sunny room: closet: furnished
l , for hou?"Keerir.g; J«; smaller roorr.s. $6.
POLK. 717-2 cr 2 fur.r.y front rorms; complete-
ly furnished for housekeeping.
POWELL, ltd — 2 or 3 iarpe sunny rooms: con-
necte<l with kitchen; gas and bath; fcr house-
keeping.
P I XTH. 126— Fror.t acd back parlors ; suitable
for effee; also rocms for light housekeeping.
6TEVKNSO2T. €42. bet. 7th and Sth Ms.— 2 fur-
Olcbe4 house keeping rooms: hath: central.
SUITE of 4 rooms furr-iEhed fcr housekeeping
7T- Fifth «t.
STTTETt. 4 (1 7-3 fum'.Fhed or unfurnished rocms
tor hcusfk^ering.
THIUf. 23 — Sucny furnished front room for
t. ¦uprk.reping: reasonable; also other rooms.
Ni^'N. llu*— Two Ccrnlstted n?or.:s: stove; foli-
¦ re bed: runr.ir.g water: yar<l: ti**.
«"I-APSiFIEI> a<ivertl»»-ment«! ind srubsrriptlons
re<-«>ive<J at '"all branch offic, 2200 Fillmore St.
A rRANOl office ff^r <"a!l advertisements and
sub^crirticr.s has b»en estiblish'd at 10M Va-
UOOUS TO LET — Farn. and t nfarn.
A-BRtXSmCX HOl-FE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
V t-i Ji per nipht. tl Zi ti $5 r>er week, and
l;ght t-,.-.'U«ekeep:r.g: open a.11 niitht.
B« 'HKMIA. TS3 Post— Finest suny suites in city
for fsrr.ilies and j»nt!»m»n: all convenience*;
special accommodations for tourists.
BURXETX h:5 Market f. <oid No. U«4>— Ftrr-
::iFhed rn».. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. V5i fillllllj room for gentleman: private
:;.!rr.i:y; moderate.
KLLIS, 659. cor. Larkin— ?onny furr.ished room
for 2: folding l>ed; \\f'.sbai?h.
ELEVENTH. «.l. near Market sr— Sunny fur-
r.fshed rfcrnsi for 1 or 2 gentlemen; use ol
parlrr an<1 pfcone: rer.t t<.
(FOUiOM, S^5. cor. Cth (The Oiiverl — New !>- fur-
n:shfd funny Toczr.t. F:r;g!e or suites; reasonbl.
GEABT, «eS<Tbe Nav3rrp>-Elp&antly lurnUh-d
rcxsm»: suites cr single: travelers a^r-o'datej.
GCABT. CC-€— K>sant sur.ny parlcr suite:pianj.
telerhor; 1 ?: c*l er mr::?; light housekeeping.
GI'.AXD rOL'TIiKKN. southeast corner Seventh
and Minion st?.— tunny rooni». en suite or
t-infrle; l>,iilej;' jarior: reading room: eievator.
HOTRL FrancJaw — Elegant suites; Flr.rU: tran-
»:fr;t; baths. MP.S. KING, Turk and Tayl-.r.
HOWAHD. *2S — R^orcs from JI week up to £>;
::c to II night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. •-'«?. ccr.€th— Nicely furnished sunny
rconis; reasonable: by day, week or nmntii.
MARKET. l»C ear. Van Ness— Sunny frunt
m*..jcttb rur.. water. 17. $3 up; also hskpg.
MIXNA. C<::. corner Kighth -Newly furnished
bay-wind" w room. JI p»r we*k; transient.
O KAHRELL. rf> — Sunsy furnished rooms ar.d
r fT>*i<: elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. -ni.
POWELL. UI^UgM, cl°an rms. ; suites or sin-
gle; trantieiit; ni:'in;i^ water; ratr-s reduced.
ROSEDALL' House. SIJ and 321 E!iis St.— Roorr.s.
nigtt. ?« to T-; week. JI 25 to J4; open night.
nOYAL HOUSE. 12« Ellis tt.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor: ncmi. per night. Sic to $1 50: wilu 12
tr> fs; rrsonth. ti to t'20: elevator on office firoi ;
rc-crcs with hot end cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. C43— Neat furnished rooms;
private family: tl and upward.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furr.ished or ur.furnisr.ed.
THE OAKS. II? Third— A good rooming houte
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CUSPIFIKP advertisements and subscriptions
rttdTCd at Caii branch office. ZWO Fillmore st.
A P.HASCH office for Call advertisements and
eut'scriptions has been established at 1G5< Va-
¦ Tii-ia tt.
noosis and boaHdl
HOTEL itheriard. ?tl fu'.ter St.: choice loci-
tu-n: yunny roomj! with board; £r»t-cla?s with
A HI'ECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive interior and table. S07 California s\
LAF PALM AS. !^T Varket «t.— Suite of 2 or J
rrr.». : private; bath. Fin. nr.?. : b^ard optional.
/TFAP.RELL. 741. near Hy<Je— Board, with or
withov.t turnuhfd room.
CHEAPEST und best in America— Tht Weekly
Call. 16 pages, pert to ar.y address in the
I'r.lted States or Canada one year for It
postase raid.
ROOMS AM> UOAKO WANTED.
ROOM ar.d hrard fcr U>r Ot % .1 ulth private
family In vicinity of Suttef and Poll: sts. ;
112 per month. Box 2427. Call. -. .--¦,
HO>5E for rrirr 1 '*^ roldler drawing pension;
willing to i*y 530 rwr tr.onth. liox 134. Call.
CALL at Room Rentinir Acency. eu-€I3 Exam-
iner buiiiUng, if y'l w-ant to rent rocms.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
IKX>3i5 papered frcm 13: whitened. $1 up;
painting d^n*. Hartman Paint Co.. 11? Third.
DAT) tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO.. «I.' Montgomery st. rooms 9-10: tel. SilJ. i
Xi:\VI\G S1ACIII.VKS AMI SLHl'MKS.j
\AI-L kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
tee] ch«» Plambeck. ISU Mleslon. r.r. Xih.
AIX kir.d^ bought, ncld. exchanged, rented;
x*i.a_--.: i at lowest rates. 2C? Fourtb et.
. I STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
! WILSON EROS., storage and moving; covered
• i mip.s Tenth and Market; phone South 7C2.
¦ | PACIFIC Storace snd Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 23M Fillmcre Et. ; phone Jackson 251.
BEKI.VS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
' tf-1 Main Is4t>— Packing, moving and storage.
; =
To LJUAatC
1 LOFT, :;xl». plenty light. rr> Mission st.; loft,
1 C;?.S(), richer available. 5S7 Mission st.
TYPEWRITERS A.MJ hllTLIES.
CT.F.AT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
' i tell better machines fcr less r.;nney than «ny
h<Mi5e in th« ctly: rentals. IX The Typewriter
, I . Exchange, S26 California, telephone Main 266.
j A TYPEWRITER, brand new, fcr JSO. RE-
; j V>LK. <0» «'alifornl» st.
1 alTuiem advertisement^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
i FOR sale— Furnished 7-room cottage In Ala-
rre<f*. th'ar, from owner. Box 153. Call.
: BERKELEyIdYERTISEMEN'TS
, j HERKELEV REAL ESTATE.
' : IN Berkeley — Two-story modern cottage, seven
iar«r" rooms and bath: double parlors: h»avy
moldings; 7-ft. basement; brick foundation;
lot DflxiiS; street work complete; price J2JJ0;
monthly payments if desired. Inquire v'.i
fremlft. SylT Fulton st.. Asfaby Station: or
Heron ft Ilolcomb. l n SO Broadway. Oakland.
FINEST BUYS IN^ERK^ELEY. '
I $:0<5&-6-roora cottage: let 40x130 feet; 5 min-
i ct's' 'walk of uni\-ersitr; elp^rant view of bay,
. etc.; lot^improv^d with choice frait trees; &
j snap: terms to eult.
fUCO— Elegantly situated let. "xlJ5; 1 block
o? university; the only or.e to be had In this
vicinity.
SSfivo — X*w modem 9-room hcuse: corner lot;
I adjacent to V. C. ; the last or.e left of six;
i mutt be seen to be appreciated.
WURTS,
1323 Broadway,
Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
[ Call. 14 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
P^^tape raid.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRL'ITVALE REAL ESTATE.
• $4000 — ONE of the finest homes !n Fruitvala:
walking distance to trains; lot fiTiil; new
house, 8 rooms, bath and basement; finest
plumbing; furnace: hard wood floor. W1L-
LIAM J. DINGEE. »'-3 Broadway. Oakland.
j FRUITV ALE— Large lots. 50x145, J1C0 and up;
fine eoil; near cars and school; best time to
select them now; district rapidly growing;
terms to suit. C. SE1TZ. 1107 C3d ave.. Oak-
lar.d.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
$300: OS INSTALLMENTS. COST I30CO.
i X»w home of 6 rooms, conservatory, enamel
j tath, or* n plumbing, high basement and all
j modern Improvements; lot Stolid feet (note the
j eiz?>, with open lawn, gravel driveway, stone
• walks; yood. substantial barn; fruit tree?, etc. ;
: rents for SIT 30 i»er month; owner Is away;
! nicest locality, near Grove st. : all street work
iflone; a regular r.cme place; all in icood condi-
i tion: chances like this are rare: lock Into this
i tt once if you want to buy: no mortgage on
j this property: easy monthly payments or a lib-
I eral discount for a quick cash sale. Call or
writs GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
S2W. FURNISHED COMPLETE. $2<*0.
! Modern Eastlake 3-rooraed cottage, nearly
j new. with bath, stationary tub«. high base-
• : ment, brick foundation, etc.; situate on riromi-
I rer.t street, one block from San Pablo-avenue
i electric cars; is well rented row; owner away
i and anxious to Fell; lot alone cost J10OO: this
I is a sn&p. GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
1'ViS Broadway, Oakland.
; J4ro— HOME near F?n. Geo. C. Perkins; corner
i lot. f'xloO: elegrant xiew: street work done:
han<3p"rr.e new modern house: S rooms an>i
' bath: very fine. WILLIAM J. DIXGKE. 9"3
i Broadway.
: $175 CASH, $10 monthly; new cottage: 3 large
rooms: 7-foot basement: brick foundation; 8
! larce level lots. 1O1X236, i»S.i; will fence and
\ finish up to suit buyer; plenty of go<vl water;
| soli, climate and view the very best; close to
I elecy-ie car line and Ifr-foot wide boulevard.
! and not far frcm model «chr*ilhou«e; no foits
| nor raw winds here: We«thall Tract, adjoin-
ing East Oakland: 11 buildings gone up al-
I ready; more coming; call or send for circular.
! 4?.5 Peventh Ft.. nr»r cor. Broadway. Oakland;
I carriaec free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
! VZTA— BARGAIN: °]<-gzr.t horn*. East Oakland;
7 mis., bath gas; cement walks; mod.; lot
35x132: e'.evated trround: nr. churches, schools.
st- car: terms. Sunset, Z2H Montgomery, r. 3-4.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for II.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
J12 50 PER MONTH.
Pur.rv «-roomed cottage, with bath, laundry
find tarement: large lot: close to San Pablo
avenue and Onvc-ft. electric lines: w-> have
; others, larger hr.ures. central and near the
trains. GEOKGK W. AUSTIN & CO..
i IMS Broadway. Oakland.
j OAKLAND Kt'RXITIRE FOIt SALtJ.
' AN Introduction to you from II. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OIVIDEXD .NOTICES.
i DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. io7~«flUy
! cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
| Ccmpany. will be payable at the office of the
WEDNESDAY. August i'. 1S0O. Transfer
1 bookt will close on Thursday, July 26, 1900,
! at 3 o'clock p. m.
j E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
1 UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
\ Notice to contractors, builders and material
men— Notice is hereby given to all concerned
that sealed proposals or bids are solicited 'or
! the erection of a residence for the president
cf *he university and for performing the labor
i and furnishing the materials necessary there-
for, and said bids or proposals will be received !
! at the office of the Regents of the University '
; of California in the Mark Hopkins Institute
¦ cf Art. corner cf Mason and California sts ,
San Francisco. Cal., at cr before 12 o'clock m.
' of the *Oth day of July. lSW: and notice is
I hereby further given that the plans and
| specifications of said building have been made
| and adopted and are placed in the office of
! Albert Pisiis. architect. 2C7 Pansome »t.. San
I Francisco, where the same may be seen and
i examined during each day from 9 o'clock a.
I m. until 4 o'clo<^t p. m.. from this day until
! the 2Sth day of July. lMo. No bids or pro-
j posals will be considered unless the same are
! accompanied by a certified check or a bona
! of aaid proposer in the sum of ten (10) per
j cent of his proposal, with sufficient sureties
i conditioned that. If said bid or proposal Khali
te accepted th» party proposing will duly en-
: ter into a proper contract to faithfully per-
! form the duty ani obligations in accordance j
i with said proposal, and plan and speciflca- I
| tions. which shall be and are hereby required !
i to be a part of fuch contract. The right to
reject any and all b!ds is hereby reserved.
I This notice is given pursuant to an act en-
titled "An act to am«T.d an act entitled an
! act to create and crsarsize the University or
i California." approved March 'j, 1?«3. and an
j act an;en<Jatr>r>- of section 15 thereof ap-
proved March *". l«72. relatins to the con-
i fctnicMon of fcuiMinss. approved March 3, 1S9".
r:> rrder cf the Committee on Grounds and
Buildincs in >!im^a County.
i IV. A. McKQWEN. Acting Secretary.
~MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Fred W. Bowen, Presidio, 35, and Annie
I Atkinson, 23, city.
Kic-haid, J. Jileck. 24, 54« Minna street, and
j Lillie K. Kavanagh, JJ, 127 Seventh street.
i g. r> Landecker, 34. city, and Fannie Stern-
; f.rld. 23. vity.
i John P. Farley, :«. city, and Florence Pape,
j :i. cit;-.
Frederick N. lying. 21. Ill Drumm street, and
J Lena M Klttler. JO. 116 California avenue.
I Ocar W. Kt^inwond. 31. Fresno, and Louise
j E. Story. ?7. tity.
Frank Jlulltnsshead. 21. £C« Jones street, and
Addle E. KelU. V-. :tt Eddy street.
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the nubllcatlon offices and be
! indorsed with the name and residence of per-
| rona authorized to have the same published.
EOHN.
EBER— In this cltr, July 23. 19C0, to the wife of
Karl Eber, z son.-
LINTER— In this. city. July !.*, 1900. to the wife
of Charles W. Llnter. a daughter.
NEIL— In Oakland. July 23. 1300. to the wif«
of Frank. Neil, a daughter.
STRAXD-ln this city, July 13, 1900. to th«
mfe of William Strand, a son.
MARRIED.
BIERVClRTH— KOEHX-In this city, July 23,
IMOt, by the Rev. J. FupndelinK, Ernest Bier-
wirth and Klise Koehn.
BRENDEI^-SIEBE— In this city. July 21. 1S00,
by the Rev. J. FuenflPling, J. H. Hermann
BrenJel and Minna Slebe.
CRANK— JONES— In this city. July IS, 1900, by
t!»> Rev. J. Fuendelingr. William Crane and
Uasci« Jon».=. both of Pleasanton. Cal.
KOSTER— SOHNE-rln this city. July ;.', 1500.
by tlip R«»v. Hermann CJ^hrcke. Gus Kostet
and Nanny tv>hn<\ both of Pan Francisco.
LANGE— YUNCSBLl-TH— In this city. July 19,
1900. by the Rev. .T. Kuf nje-lingr. Emil Lange
anil Mrs. Emma Vunsbluth.
RUBINSTEIN— MATER— In this city. July 12,
19CQ, by th« Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Zaikin Henry
Rubinsf«-in and Fannie Mayer.
WOOTV— r.OriK.VTHAI<- In this city. July 22.
13M, by the Hew Pr. J. Nieto, Isadore Wood
and Gertrude Rosenthal.
• Baxter. William T. Le«», John
Bernstein. Ellas Lusk, Albert
Castro. Juana McLeod. Mrs. Eda A.
Colombo. Margarethe Mahor.ey. Dennis
Doyle. James J. Nopper, Charles
Fuller, Martha H. O'Ceary, Jam»3
Furror, Caspar Heabiffer, Alexander
Gaynor, Patrick W. Uoberti-. Martin
Uarrff. Simon springer. Howard A.
HasKins. Bridget M. Stiefvater, i^imon
Hatch. Ella A. . Stutz, Jacob
. liobe, Georga J. Townseml. Mr?. A. S.
- Jackson. John A. Waterbury. Helen R.
BAXTER— In this city. July 23. 1900, William
T. Baxter, a native of New York, ased S?
y^ars.
BERNSTEIN— In this city, Ellas Bernstein,
boloved husband of Augusta Bernstein, and
father of David, Louis and Edward Bernstein
ar.il Mrs. Henry London, a .native of Ger-
many, ajjfd 76 years 4 months and 21 days.
[T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clovk, from his late resi-
dence, 1765 Howard street, near Fourteenth.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, via
electric funeral car from corner Howard and
Fourteenth streets.
CASTRO— In the City and County Hospital,
July 22, 1900a Juana Castro, a native of Mex-
ico, aeed 70 years.
COLOMBO— In this city. July 13. 1P00. Marjfar-
et!>e, dearly beloved v.ife of Antone Colombo,
and beloved Bister of Mrs. 'I>. Kelly and Mrs.
A. Emmeck, a native of Albany, N. Y., aged
22 years 7 months and 17 days.
gjr Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
&. Co.. 11TT Mission street, between Seventh
and Eishth.
DOYI.E-in this city, July 23, 1300, James J.,
husband of the late Kate A. Doyle, father of
Mamie and Mabel Doyle, and brother o£ Mrs.
Eliza Nolan, a native of County Carlow, Ire-
land, aged 73 years and 4 monthp.
CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend th« funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
l:3u o'clock, from his late residence. 1716
t-tockton street, thence to St. Francis Church
fur service*. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
FULLER— In this city. July 22. 1900. Martha
H. Fuller, beloved mother of Hiram H.. Annie
B., Albert W. and Lillie Fuller, a native of
Sydney, Australia, aged 54 years 10 months
and 11 days.
ET'Kri^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the pariors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
ri'KRER- Kntered into rest, in this city. July
23, l'MJO, Caspar Furrer, dearly beloved hus-
band of Caleta Furrer, and father of Bertha
A., Florence C. and Eda Furrer and Mrs. P.
Szukalski. a native of Hospenshal. Canton
Vri. Switzerland, aged £4 years 3 months and
11 days. The dfceas<*d was a member of f't.
Joseph's Society, St. Anthony's parish.
C7"Frien<l3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 114 forter avenue. Six-mile House, off
Mission road, thence to St. Anthony's
Church, Army and Folsom streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose cf his soul, c^nnn^nciny at 9
o'clcck sharp. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GAYXOR-Jn New York. July 23. 1300. Patrick
William Oaynor of North fan Juan, Cal., be-
loved husband of Josephine T. Oaynor, ar.d
father of Mrs. R. P. Walsh and Mrs. C. It.
Gigan of San Francisco and Mrs. W. T.
Maddox of Xew York, a native cf Ireland,
aged €6 years.
HARRIS— In this city. July 22. 1300. Simon
Harris, dearly beloved husband of Ernestine
Harris, and father of Max and Charles Harris,
a native of Extn, Prussia, aged 64 years.
G^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late res-1-
d<Ti<~»\ 8*4 Broadway, near Mason street,
thence by train leaving Third and Townsend
streets at 11:30 o'clock to New t?n.lem Ceme-
! tery for interment. Kindly emit flowers.
HASKINS— An anniversary solemn hij?h ma«s
will be cplebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Bridget M. Haskins at St Peter's
Church. Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets,
this day (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respsctfuily invited to
rytend.
HATCH— In this city, July 22, 19C0. Ella Au-
gusta 'Hatch, beloved mother of Lee Khle
Hatch, and only sister of 11. Ehle. a native
of Kenosha, Wis., aged 53 years 4 months and
14 days. (Chicago and Kenosha, Wis., papers
please copy.)
y j/ F*riends and acquaintances* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, iC2 Ellis street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HOBE— In this city. July TL. IKiO. George J.
Hobe, a .native »>f Hamburg, Germany, aged
74 years 11 months and 13 days.
(CTFrieivls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple. Funeral under the auspices of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. M. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
GOLDEN GATE Lodgre No. 30. F. and A. M.—
Members are requested to attend the funeral
of our late secretary. George John Hobe,
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Ma-
sonic Temple.
JAMES H. HUMPHREYS. W. M.
OFFICERS and members of Golden Gate Chap-
- ter No. 1, O. E. tf.. are requested to attend
th* funeral of our late brother. Past Grand
Patron George J. Hobe, at Masonic Temple,
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock. By order
of the worthy matron.
MARY A. HAWLEY. Sec.
JA(~KSOX-In this city. July 22. 1300, John A..
beloved husband of Adele Jackson, and uncle,
of Charles E. and Moilie J. Hamilton, a na-
tive of Hardin, Ohio, aged 5S years 11 months
arsl 25 days.
C7 1 Friends and acquaintances are rpspect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from 320 Post
street, under the auspices of George H.
Thomas Post, G. A. R.
LEE— In the City and County Hospital, July
23. l:*y>, John Lee. a native of Missouri, aged
41 years 4 months and 2 days.
LUSK-In this city, July 21, 1300, Albert, be-
¦ loved husband of Martha A. I.tisk. a native
of New York, aged 71 years 11 months and 4
days. (New York, Brooklyn and Icwa papers
pl»^se cory)
(TTFriend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. S2SA Greenwich street. Interment pri-
vate.
LYONS— In this eitv, July 23. 1900. Timothy.
d°ariy beloved husband of Annie Lyons, and
lovinie father of Thomas, James, Timothy. Jo-
seph. David and the late John Lyons and Mrs.
D. Coleman, a native of Tralee, County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 70 years 2 months and.l
day.
McLEOD— In Oakland, July 23. 1M0, Mrs. Eda
A., beloved wife of John C. McLeod. a native
of California, aged 44 years 3 months and 13
days.
MACPHIE— In this city, J. B. Macphle, a na-
tive of Avondale, Nova Scotia, aged E4 years
4 months and 7 days.
MAHONEY— In this city, July 22. 1300. Dennis,
beloved husband of Margaret Mahoney, and
father of John. Margaret, James and the late
T. J. and Mary Mahoney, a native of Ire-
land, aced 63 years.
CJT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 8 Allan street, thence to SL Brigtd'a
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. .
NOPPER-In this city. July 22. 1500, Charles.
b-»love<i husband of Christine Nopper. and
father of Julia. Marie. Albert. Rudolph. An-
drew and Edward Nopper, a native of Ger-
many, aped 46 years 1 month and 12 days,
(T7"Fri'ndsi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 112 Miguel street, near Chenery. In-
terment Mount Olivet CemetPry. via electric
funeral car from Miguel and Chenery streets.
O'LEARY— In th!.« city. July 23. 1500, James
O'L^ary. cousin of Timothy. Dennis and Dan-
iM O'Leary and Mrs. Richard Hellen. a na-
tive of the parish of Kilnamartyra, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 27 years.
C^ Remains at the rarlors nf J. c. O'Connor
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flancajran & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth vt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South S3.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth at. Tel. South 167.*.
IUMEBAL riRECT033 AND EUBALHER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CREMATION,
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION havins a presiding officer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and organ servlcet
Is $30. The same for members of the family.'
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Superintendent.
OCEAIT TBAVZL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•v Steamers leave Broadway
IKtV^ For Ala«kan ports— 11 a. ra.,
9 «"*i ; *» l *B»%*5* Charge tr> coi.'.pa^y's steara?rs
' H lf&. 8i5v-» 3 a: Seattle.
I |j ixgfcSSS sal For Victoria. V.-ir.ccuv-r 'B.
1 ififit£?<*^*i r ''' Fort Towr.s<»r..J, Seattle.
! Hi Taccma. Everett. Anac-irtes
ar.d New Wh.itccm rwaah.)—
11 a. m. . July tt>. 25. #>. Aurust
4. arl everv fifth day thereafter. Chans* at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. R'y: at Taecma to N. P. R'y; at
Vancouver to C P. R'y.
Fcr Eureka. Humboldt Bay— J Pl m.. July 22.
27. Ausrust 1. and every fifth <lay thereafter.
Fcr Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
uccs. Port Hanford <San Luis Oblspo). GavMa.
Panta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport —
» a. m.. July II. I<5. SO, August 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Di»co. stopplnsr only at Port Har-
fcrd (San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redcndo <Lo» Anseles) — 11 a-
m. July 10. 24. 23. Augnst 1, and every fourth
day thereafter. • /
For Ensenada. Magdaler.a Bay, San Joa« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a, m.. 7th of each
For further information obtain company's
fcMers.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing <?at»s and hours of MiUnz-
• "'TICKET OFFICE-^* New Montgomery
i ytreet (Palac- Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS «• CO.. Gen. Agent*.
i 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & N. CO.
DISPATCH -FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLiANID
Frem Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC SI2 First Class Including BartS
lAllL 53 Second Class arid .Y.eals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July 22. Aue. 1
i COLUMBIA sails Ju!y •?. Aur 5
!?hort ltr.e to Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
«20 Market St..
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
s Superintendents.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
"Will Dispatch for
NO7VLE,
I PORT CLARENCE, CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elecant. Comrnod'.nii". Fast AT Passes.
ter SteamsMp
JOHN S, KIMBALL,
Twenty-flve hur.c!r»tf ton** displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
For Fasnenirer and Freight Rates Apply to
KIMBALL, STEAMSHIP CO..
IM Market et. San Francisco-
S. S. OHIO,
FROM SAX FRANCISCO DIRECT TO
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
On or about July 23d.
For passage and other particulars apply to
EMPIRE LINE. 30 MONTGOMERT ST.
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.. 139 POST ST.
AMERICAN LINE.
SIV T0SK. 80UTHA*?T0H. LOIfDOS. P12IS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
Frcm New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis July 23 St. Paul Au;ru9t 15
New Tork August S St. Liouls August 22
RED STA^ Lltiz.
New Yerlc oiyA Antwerp
From New Tork every 'Wednesday. VI noon.
Pouthwark July 2S' ; Kensinfrton ..August g
Wesfrn'.and August 1 Aragonia ....August 15
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO FLTMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBtRG.
TW1X-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW TORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Falling, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINK. 3TB'dw'y.N.T.
PARIS HOTEL ACf 'OMMODATION
Reserved if secured before departure.
HERZOG &¦ CO., Gen. Ajrts. for Pacific Coast,
?01 California st., corner Sansome, S. F.
OCK \NTC S. S. CO.— HO\ OtCXTT, APIA
AUCKLAND AM) SYDXEV.
5. S. AUSTRALIAN Honolulu only)
Wednesday. July 25. ! p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to Xew
Zealand and Austraiia.Wed.. Augr. 8, 8 p. m.
?. D, SPHECXELS & BROS. CO.. Acts.. !l* Mont;omerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight OScc.327 .Mirktt St
i/noiino i me hathor 5500 tons
KHNmilN LI Me o^avia ....-000 tons
I\U0mUU LIIIU LUXOR 6of«)tona
.> ABTDOS 4000 tons
Monthly sailing for Valraraiao and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and Soutii
America, etc.
S. S. Tanis. 45Cfl tons, sails about August 10.
J. r>. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7 — Freight office.
I 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
C0MPAOSIE OESERALE TRANSATLASTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of 4^jC^\
Saturday, from November J. 1SSS. at«*sf^s
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. July »6: LA
TOURAINE. August 2: L'AQUITAIXE. Aujrust
S; LA BRETAGN'E. Aujrust 1?. First class to
Havre, ?S2 30 and upward;. Second class to
Havre 155 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCT FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa.*t Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenu?. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJQ.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:ti
a. m. ; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. ni*ht): Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sun<2ay», 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2 Telephone Main 15CS.
FARE 50e.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry. v i'
Commends? April 23. UMl
FROM 8A>J FRANCISCO TO MILL PALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK "DAYS— 7:00. -$^0, J:». 11:00 a. a.|
12:43. '1M5, 3:15. 4:15. 'i:15. «:15. «:4» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS^-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at S:CO and 11:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. *i:tM. »9:W. '10:00. U:C0. 11M
a. ra.; 12:45. »::30. 2:Sa. 'SMi. i:00t C:00. 7.M
p. rn.
11 :C0 a. m. does not run to Saa Rafael Sua-
ton
Trains marked <•) rnn to San Queatln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. •«:30, 7:50. »:*«. «10:U «.
BJ.; 1?:». 1:15. 2:15, •»:». 4:i9. 5:39 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Y<~edaead*7t
and Saturdays at *s:45 and 19:29 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. m itUS. *S:50. '11:000. n>-: »U-C*
ro.; 1;00, ::15. 'J^, 4:50. »i:U, «:45. 1:38. w':t»
p. ra.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentla.
FltOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:13. «:«. J.CO. *:33. l»:Ja a.
m.; 12:35. l:4S. J:45. «:30. 4:S0. 5:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:19 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:S5. S:C5. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.: U:li,
1:20 2:30. 3:45. 4:55, 6:15. 7:03. 10;M p. aa.
THROUGH TRAINR
7:00 a- m. week days— Cazadero and wagr sta-
i tlons.
8:15 p* m- Saturday*— Caradero and wax sta-
tions.
B:1S p. ra. weekdays (Saturday* ezceptsd)—
Point Reyes and way stations..
I. -CO a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way »ta-
tlotis.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
j «Utlona. •' :---'„:;-.
WABASH
CONTINENTAL LIMITED
FROM .
CHICAGO TO NEW YORK
'AND BOSTON.
The rlnest, fastest and best equipped, train
out of Cnicaeo. with NO EXTRA CHARGE
for superior accommodations.
ROSS C. CLIXE. P. C. P. Art.
Lcs Anseles. CaL
& Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
REABIGER-In this city, July II, 1900, Alex-
ander Rcabiger, beloved husband of So-
phie Reabtger. and father of Ida Reablger,
a native of Germany, aged 50 years 2 months
and :t days.
CTFrienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at/11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B.' Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ROBERTS-In this city, July 23. 1900. Martin
Roberts of Guatemala, beloved husband of
Romelia Roberts, ami father of Clarita. Isa-
be!l«» and Romalita Roberta, a native of Xe-
brarka. ased 42 years.
%T Interment rrlvate. *>
SPRINGER— In Berkeley. July 22. 1300. Howard
Arnold, beloved son of Pamuel F. and Helen
M. SorinEer. and brother of Mrs. W.W. Red-
nail and Fred F., Sanford O. and Russell S.
Springer, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
years 10 months and * days.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late
residence, JSIO Louisa street, Berkeley. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STIEFVATER— In Alameda, July 52. 1300,
Simon, beloved husband of Christina II. Stief-
vater, ami father of Albert P. and Gerhard E.
Stiefvater and Mrs. E. A. Much, a native of
Aucher, Baden, Germany, aged 65 years and
9 months.
p^riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
'Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence. 906 Central avenue, Alameda. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
STUTZ— In this city, July 23. 1900, Jacob, be-
loved husband of Anna Stutz, and father of
Charles, John, William and Fred Stutz. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 56 years. (New York
papers please copy.)
(£yF"rien<Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 522 Lombard street, thence to King
Soiomon's Hall, Masonic Temple, where serv-
ices will be held. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
TOWNSEN'D— In this city, at her residence,
1221 California street, Mrs. Almira 3. Town-
send, a native of Massachusetts.
¦ CTI'ursuant to th« request of the deceased,
funeral services, to be held Wednesday, the
23th Inst.. as well as interment, will be
strictly rrlvate.
¦WATERBURY— In this city. July *3. 1900. at
Tt-=t Helen R. Waterbury, youngest daughter
of Charles S. and Ada A. Waterbury, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 8
months.Bessie Johnston, the girl who came from
Baden with Fred Miller to get married
and was arrested on the charge of stealing
$300 -which Miller Intrusted to her care,
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday.
Miller failed to appear, and after hearing
the girl's testimony the Judge dismissed
the case. She said Miller never had $500
ln his life, and It was simply because sha
would not marry him that he had her ar
rested. She was cook and he was bed
maker in a hotel at Baden.
Miller Has Lost His Girl.
Decrees of divorce were granted yestef*.
day to Rebecca Pickard from Isaac Plck
ard for desertion and Mary E. Frank
from Charles A. Frank for willful neglect.
Harriet F. Hawley has sued William A
Hawley for divorce, alleging cruelty as
cause of action; Augusta Molluth asks for
divorce from Konrat Molluth on tha
ground of cruelty.
In the Divorce Court.
HACKMEN WILL ORGANIZE
TO OPPOSE ORDINANCE
The hackmen and livery stable keepers
will hold a mcrting to-night at 8 o'clock
at the rooms of the T'nited Undertakers'
Association, Fifth and Jessie streets, to
form a protective association. The Imme
diate object is opposition to the new ordi
nance which imposes a quarterly license
of SiZ upon solicitors, runners and hack
men.
At present there is a yearly license tax
of $5 on a hack and $1 for the driver,
besides a charpe of $2 50 f<;r a badge. A
llcer.se tax of ;-6 must be paid to San Ma
teo County before the hackmen can go
to the cemeteries. The hackmen claim
that the new ordinance was not originally
meant to Include them and that It inflicts
great hardship upon them.
Among the leaders in organization are
"William and Edward McL,auphlln, Wil
liam Mlchelson, Thomas Martin, - John
Manning and John Flynn. representing
the hac»mrn, nr.d Kelly Bros., Michael
Cor.lan. Sullivan & Doyle. Gus Lindauer
and Thomas Foley. liverymen. It is pro
posed to petition the Supervisors to amend
the ordinance.
Will Unite With Liverymen to Fight
the SI 5 Quarterly License
Lately Imposed.
LARGE AMOUNT OF MILK
DUMPED INTO SEWERS
Health Board Inspectors Make An
other Raid on Venders of
Impure Article.
Health Officer Chalmers had six In
ppoctors out rarly Sunday morning to
hold up the milkmen, and the result was
that 303 gallons of impure milk was
dumped into the sewers. Dr. Chalmers
asserts that over 1000 gallons would have
Kone the same way if he had been per
mitted to employ enough men to cover the
territory. As it was it happened in many
Instances that when a cart was held up
there only remained one can of milk, and
that was almost invarlablv had.
The inspectors were Ktationod at the fol
lowing places: Fillmore street and Gold
en Gate avenue. Eddy and Mason streets.
Third and Mission streets, opposite the
County Jail on Broadway and at Pacific
and Buchanan streets. There was but a
short time in which to work, and the in
spectors had to do some pretty lively
hustling. In nearly every instance the
milk was found to be far below the
standard. Dr. Chalmers did not give out
the names of the derelict milkmen yester
day, but will do so. he says, if any of
them are caught a second time.
John Krrr, a haclcdriver. whose stand is
rear tho Mint, took a funeral party to the
San Mateo cemeteries ypst<?rday. The
horse he drove was of the crowbalt order,
and nothing but a liberal u.se of the whip
¦would make it move. Som^whore along
the linr- Krrr Rot very drunk, and by the
time -he reached town the horse was ex
hausted. Kerr was arrested by Officers
lloojxr an i MoCurry of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and
charge-d with cruelty to animals. Kerr
ha5 been warned repeatedly by the of
licere not to drlvf the hors=e any more, as
the beast Is not fit to work.
Ih-iver Drunk, Horse Exhausted.
Finance committee— P. L. Archibald. B. F.
McKinley, C. J. Hasman, Amos Currier and
A. V. Hart Jr.
Canvassing- committee— F. M. Thai, Fred
Frey, a. L. Hart Jr.. W. H. Bodflsh, L>.
Keeker, W. C. Boutelle. L. A. Cantrowlth. C.
J. Hasman. H. P. Goldstein, Harry Moore, J.
I). Sloan. C. T. McCarthy, F. It. Green. C. A.
,1 ase ,S °- n - Oreenbaum. Thomas S. Mulvey,
w\. Bausman, William McKenzle. B. 8.
McKlnlcy. G. B. Keane. C. C. F. Garwood.
Executive committee— F. M. Thai. J. W.
Bourdette. L. E. Jones.- W. H. Bodllsh. John
A. Magee, W. C. Boutelle, J. F. Clute, Ram
ttamani. H. P. Goldstein, Amos Currier. H.
W. Mathews, F. 1). Macbeth. G. A. White. J.
W. Clark,- L. A. Gibbons. Thomas S. Mulvey,
J. AWd, William McKenzle, E. Klemeyer, i>.
H. Swim and H.- Bauer.
The Thirty-ninth District Republican
Club held an enthusiastic meeting at
Saratoga Hall last night. President L. A.
Gibbons was in the chair and the hall
was crowded. Although the club was
organized less than a fortnight ago, there
are already 335 members on the roll. The
canvassing committee expects to more
than double that number during this week
and to see that every member is
registered.
The greatest harmony prevails in the
club. Although a fight is expected in the
district, no fears are entertained as to the
outcome. The kickers did not even make
an attempt to capture the organization.
The motto of the club is pure politics and
no bosses. The ottlcers are: L.. A. Gib
bons, president; E. G. Knapp, first vice
president; W. H. Bodfish, second vice
president; William McKenzle, treasurer,
and II. P. Goldstein, secretary.
F. A. Worth and T. H. McCarthy, lead
ing spirits of the club, impressed upon the
members last night the necessity of im
mediate registration for themselves and
their friends. They pointed out that the
interest of the voters in the district ought
to be awakened to the fact that there is
much at stake in the coming elections,
both national and local, and if the people
would have a clean, sound government
thoy must turn out and . help elect the
men who can give it. Last year the As
semblyman was lost through the indif
ference of the Republican voters, and this
y«ar the office must be retained.
Several members of the club were nomi
nated" last night as delegates to the com
ing State, Congressional and municipal
conventions. It was decided to go out
side of the roll of the club if necessary to
secure representative business men of the
district to attend the conventions. The
matter was left in the hands of the execu
tive committee, with Instructions to report
a ll?t of delegates at the next meeting, to
be approved by the club. Following are
the working committees of the club:
Members Commence an Active
Canvass.
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT CI.TJB.
Big Membership Is Enrolled and
THE Republican business men of the
city are beginning to comprehend the
fact that good government cannot be
won if citizens fail to take an active
part in the primary election on August
14. The initial steps were taken last
evening at the California Hotel for the
organization of the Business Men's Re
publican Club. The following named citi
zens have signified a desire to Join the
organization:
L. Gugenhelm of Mack & Co., 13 and IS Fre
mont street, residence SW. corner of Washing
ton and Laguna street?; Henry Michaels of
Langley & Michaels, 31-40 First street, resi
dence Alameda; W. R. Wheeler of Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson. 221-237 Market street, resi
dence 1215 Jones street; E. A. Bruguiere, c2<)
Montgomery street, residence '1S0O Franklin
street; W. S. Miller of Standard Oil Company.
421 Market street, residence Palace Hotel; Ho
mer S. King of Wells-Fargo & Co.'s Bank,
residence 1001 Leavenworth street: J. K. Wil
son of San Francisco Xational Bank, south
oast corner of Pine and Sansome streets, resi
dence 3136 Pacific avenue; S. NIckelsburg of
Cahn, N'ickelsburg & Co.. 129-131 Sansome
street, residence' 1911 Sacramento street; W. F.
Bowers of Bowers Rubber Company. 34 Sacra
mento street, residence 712 Pine street; C. M.
Osborn of Neville & Co.. 31-33 California street,
residence 6S5 Guerrero street; G. P. Lauinger
of Tillmann &. Bendel, 313-327 Battery street,
residence 17-19 Mason street: William Cluff of
William Cluff & Co., 16-22 Front street, resi
dence 1916 Vallejo street; William Haas of
Haas Bros., 100-102 California street, residence
2207 Franklin street; S. Sussman of Sussman.
Wormser & Co.. 121-23-25 Market street, resi
dence 1S19 Octavla street: Henry C. George of
Henry Cowell Company, 211-213 Drumm street,
residence 51 Cumberland street; Fred W. Beav
er of Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company,
northeast corner of Sacramento and Montgom
ery streets, residence 2207 Clay street; Lewis
F. Monteagle, 530 California street, residence
2316 Pacific street; H. L. E. Meyer, 210 Battery
street, residence 2724 Pacific avenue; W. S.
Rainery of City of Paris t>rj' Goods Company,
Stockton and Geary streets, residence 2013 Brod
erlck street; John W. Ruggles of Dodge, Swee
ney & Co., 116 Market street, residence IS
Vlcksburg street; F. W. Dohrmann, 122-132 Sut- '
ter street, residence 1S15 California
street : Arthur G. Towne of Blake,
Moffltt & Towns, 65-61 First street,
resilience 2524 Pierce street; Charles L.
Field of Xorton Tanning Company, 312 Clay
street, residence 1230 Geary street; Frank A.
Vail of Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741-745 Market
street, residence 2S17 Buchanan street; Colonel
F*. W. Sumner of Sumner Tanning Company,
417-423 Front street, residence 22% Green street; :
I. W. L,ittlefi>ld of AV. P. Fuller & Co.. corner
of Front and Pine streets, residence 1310 Cali
fornia streets; Ed H. Horton of J. C. Johnson
& Co., 40) Market street, residence 210» liaker
street; Andrew Carrigan of Dunham, Carrigan
& Hayden Company, 17-19 Beale street,
residence 2S40 Buchanan street: Bruce Hay
den of Dunham. Carrigan & Hayden Com
pany, 17-19 Beale street. residence 122S
Madison Btreet. Oakland; Joseph Hyman, 203
Sansome street; E. W. A. Waterhouse of I
Waterhouse & Lester, 16-22 Beale street,
residence 2213 Howard street; William
D. Keyrtone of Keystone Eros., 15
First street, residence 1116 Bush street;
Charles L. Haskell. 511 Market street, residence
£217 Van Ness avenue; Frank Dalton of Dalton
Fruit and Produce Company, 317-319 Davis
street, resilience 33S2 Twenty-first street: Fred
It. Drinkhouse of J. A. Drinkhouse Company,
227-229 Battery street, residence 2T>02 Broadway;
George Armstrong of Armstrong & De
Gear, 407-409 Montgomery street. resi
dence 1415 Steiner street; T. J. Parsons of
Del Monte Milling Company. 104 Market street,
residence H04 McAllister street; Charles B.
Platt of J. A. Folger & Co., 114 California
Btreot. residence 402 Central avenue;
George F. Volkman of A. Schilling &
Co.. 108-112 Market street, residence
2311 Broadway; Ferdinand Frohman of
California Wine Association. 661-671 Third
street, residence 409 Clayton street; A. Ch«»f»e
brousjh of Williams. Dtmond & Co.. 202 Market
street, residence 242S Jackson street: R. C.
Emery of Arctic Oil Company. 30 California
street, residence 1102 Devisadero street; C. B.
Jennings of C. B. Jennings & Co., 121 California
street, residence 3112 Clay street: George F.
Bowman, 327 Montgomery street, residence 3198
Pacific avenue: William Edwards, 304 Mont
gomery street, residence 1407 Gough street;
Harry Unna of Harry Unna Company, 113-115
Battery street, residence 1*69 McAllister street;
Ben B. Duncan of W. B. Cluft & Co.. 16-22
Front street, residence 305 Polk street; Frank
Brown of American Steel and Wire Company,
S-10 Pine street, residence Oakland: Jonathan
Curtis of Payot. Upham & Co.. 204 Pine street,
residence 1136 Ellis street: R. N. Nason of R.
N. Xason & Co., 115-117 Front stre«t. residence
352S Twenty-second street; Hugo D. Kell of
Goldberg. Bowen & Co.. 426-432 Pine street,
residence Belvedere; E<i Kverett of Tubbs Cor
dage Company, 607-613 Front street, residence
2226 California street: Llpman Sachs of Sachs
Bros. & Co., Bush and Sansome streets, resi
dence $20 Post street; W. S. Dixon of
Cunningham, Curtiss & Welch. 321-325
Sansome street residence 1280 Wash
ington street; Edward D. Page of Howe Scale
Company, 12 Pine street, residence Oakland;
Joseph D. Cuthbert of W. & J. Sloane & Co.. 114
122 Post street, residence 30S Laurel avenue:
A. L. Bryan of Bryan Shoe Company. 316-318
Market street, residence Napa: Colonel M. H.
Hecht of Buckingham & Hecht. 221-227 Bush
street, residence 2100 Washington street: Sam
uel Hendy of Joshua Hendy Machine Works,
3S-44 Fremont street, residence 23 Baker street,
E. J. Cutter of Cutter & Moseley, 302 California
street, residence 2S10 Washington street: Leon
Sloss of Louis Sloss & Co., 310 Sansome street,
residence 1316 Van Ness avenue; W. J. Dutton.
president Fireman's Fund Insurance Company.
401-405 California street, residence 2307 Pacific
avenue: H. D. Loveland of Tillmann & Bendel.
313-327 Battery street, residence Russ House;
W. H. Martin of Martin & Ballard. 209 Crocker
building, residence Palace Hotel; John Bir
mingham Jr. of California Powder Works, 330
Market street, residence 1110 Taylor street;
Henry T. Scott, 222 Market street.
Thirty or more of the foregoing attend
ed the meeting last night. Alfred Bouvier,
chairman of the Republican County Com
mittee, briefly explained the purpose of
the movement and announced that the
election of a chairman would be In order.
Henry T. Scott was nominated for chair
man and unanimously elected. John Ber
mingham Jr. was elected secretary.
Andrew Carrigan made a few remarks
relating to the duty of business men and
introduced the following resolutions
which were adopted: '
Resolved, That we favor the election of
McKinley and Roosevelt and pledge them
our hearty support, and we will urge our
Republican friends and acquaintances to
register at an early day and to lend their
assistance In securing as great a registra
tion as possible. o«»*»
Resolved That we desire the success of
the Republican party in Ban Francisco at
the next election and believe that an earn
est effort should be made to unite all R«
publicans Jn securing that result
Resolved. That in our Judgment such suc
cess can only be obtained by nominatlnr
persons for office who will command the
confidence of the voters, and In view of iht
late developments concerning -probate ©Vot
ceedinjfs. we demand that thV five caT
d^t, te L fOr , the offlc « of Superior jS
shall be selected with unusual care, and
that they be lawyers well fitted for that re
sponsible position. We also demand thlt
1^. f ° r th ut, 1 *
men who will worthily represent the In
ir?™".£ J hIS .s lty L an 5 lf 8uch nominations
«Ert21. »£«£ bench and Legislature we
pledge them our active support
«£ e "ii T ! df V?\ an €xecutlv « committee of
nine be elected from our number, with full
power to represent us. whose duty It shall
S5r^i,«? f * r 7 l X th * reKUlar
assist that body In the conduct of the com
ing campaign, to the end that the objects
herein stated may be accomplished.
<J^iw halr ' n .<n»«red how the executive
committee of nine should be created. Fred
Beaver moved that the committee con
xft'^fi Y U L lam Wheeler of Holbrook.
t v a, Co V 9,V P - Laulnger of Tillmann
™™ en £ e l ; ,£• C J? esebrou ?n of Williams.
& m ,? nd - r £ Co -I Fe rdinand Frohman. Cali
fornla Wine Association; Andrew Carri
gan_of Dunham, Carrigan & Co.; Henry
S- T.?rF e « °, f Heni 7 Cowell & Co.. and I.
U . Llttfeneld of W. P. Fuller & Co.
The names recommended by Mr. Beaver
were accepted. Chairman Henry T. Scott
and Secretary John Bermingham Jr. were
added to the committee. Notice of an early
meeting of the executive body was an
nounced.
Andrew Carrigan spoke pointedly of the
work necessary for the maintenance of the
cnmmarrtal nrestire of San Frannlscn. Ha
Formidable Republican Club Or
ganized to Aid Cause of
Clean Politics.
BUSINESS MEN OF
THE CITY IN LINE
Intimated that if a change for th« better
ln local political affairs did not take plac*
San Francisco would loss some largo
business institutions.
Alfred Bouvier spoke of the primary
election as the keynote of the local cam
paign. It was In the power of tha p«oplo
to control the nominating conventions.
The law protected the citizen in the right
to participate in the election of delegates.
J. F. Ahern made a spirited talk in
which he demanded that the business men
should come to the front and do some
thing.
Henry T. Scott remarked that if th»
merchants and other business men should
do as well as thev did a year ago they
could elect the delegates and control the
nominating conventions. H» was hum
that what had been doo« could be don*
again.
Democratic Campaign Club.
The campaign committee of the TWrty
nlnth District Bryan and Stevenson Dem
ocratic Campaign Club, of which Jaraes
F. Ford Is president and Jesse A. Gal
land secretary, mot last night at Saratoga
Hall and organized with the following
named permanent officers: President.
Frank Mallowe; vice president. Archie
Campbell: recording and corresponding
secretary. Jesse A. Galland: financial sec
retary, Carl Westerfeld: treasurer, Dr G.
VT. Leek; sergeant-at-arms, John Shlnk
•wln. \
This Is the first club organized In the
district, and the only club to turn out at
the Democratic ratification meeting at
Metropolitan Temple.
Thirty-Fifth District Republicans.
The Thirty-fifth Assembly District Re
publican Club met last night at 13S5 Va
lencia street, C. M. Depew presiding. Thu
following executive committee was ap
pointed: J. H. Baker. D. F. Mulvllle. E.
M. TVInegar. W. H. Cobb. J. TV. Rhodes
A. J. Butler. F. A. Pedlar. W. D. Klngs
bury. L. D. McDonald. A. G. Goetz. H. A.
Magendie. A. J. Heywood. E. H. Herriek.
>•. C. FergTison. George Perham, L San
dorn, H. N. Brace, W. P. CotTey, William
E. George, H. D. Smith. F. W. Warren.
C. B. Kltch. R. W. Partridge, George De
benham. J. H. Cox. A. II. Wallen, Charles
Brown and John Butler.
memorandum of the fact.
Yesterday morning Attorneys Sullivan
& Sullivan called upon Judge Bahrs and
made an application on behalf of Mrs.
Ella F. Murray for special letters of ad
ministration upon the estate of Mrs.
Townsend. Judge Sullivan, who repre
sented Mrs. Murray, said she was the
daughter of the deceased and that special
letters should be issued, so that all per
ishable property and property demanding
Immediate attention might be cared for.
Judge Bahrs issued letters of administra
tion and made an order fixing the bond
of the administratrix at $5000. but made
the additional order that the estate -was to
remain in statu quo and that no property
was to be disposed of or negotiated unless
by special order of the court.
Latdr in the day M. C. Hassett, attor
ney for the Public Administrator, called
the attention of Judge Bahrs to the fact
thai a question had been raised an to the
authenticity of the claims of Mrs. Mur
ray. On this showing by Atorney Has
sett, the court ordered the' clerk to hold
the letters in abeyance until the court
had had an opportunity to investigate the
right of the petitioner for letters of spe
cial administration. In the interim Judge
Sullivan called upon Judge Bahrs and was
informed of the turn matters had taken
and of the information given him by Has
sett. Attorney Suliivan demanded of the
court an immediate investigation. Judge
Bahrs, in order to determine whether or
not his order directing the issuance of
the special letters was ill-advised, agreed
to accompany Sullivan, Mrs. Murray and
Miss Rattigan to the Savings and Loan
Society at the corner of Bush and Mont
gomery streets and open the vault of de
ceased for written proofs and to further
interview those whom Mrs. Murray re
ferred to as living witnesses to the truth
of her contentions.
Cyrus \V. Carmany, president of the
Savings and Loan Society, produced the
papers of the deceased. A thorough
search was made for a will, but none was
found. The box contained bonds and ne
gotiable securieties worth between $300,000
and $350,000. In answer to Judge Bahrs,
Carmany declared that he had known
Mrs. Murray since JS94, but that he be
lieved the lady to have been a sister of
the deceased. He further declared that
he had frequently forwarded money to
Mrs. Murray at the request of Mrs.
Townsend.
Then Mrs. Murray was questioned by
the court. She knew of the existence of
all the bonds and securities and insurance
policies and the amounts of each— matters
which no one excepting one enjoying Mrs.
Townsend's fullest confidence could have
known, and the court after securing ad
ditional proofs from Sullivan & Sullivan,
returned to the City Hall and confirmed
bis original order.
Speaking of the matter. Judge Bahrs
paid that after a question as to the au
thenticity of Mrs. Murray's claim had
been raised in his mind, he considered It
his duty to Investigate her right to
special letters. After completing his In
vestigation he was satisfied that Mrs.
Murray's claims were valid.
Satisfied of Her Identity.
Attorney Mat Sullivan of the firm of
Sullivan & Sullivan stated that he was
called upon shortly after Mrs. Townsend's
death by Mrs. Klla F. Murray, who re
quested him to take charge of her af
fairs. In order to determine her identity
Mr. Sullivan closely questioned the lady
as to her proofs of relationship to the
deceased. She stated that she was the
widow of John S. Murray, whom she
married September 7, 1871, at Dorchester,
Mass. Her husband, she said, died Jan
uary 17, 1899. During the last few years
of his life Murray was the cashier of
the Wnkefleld Rattan Company. One
child was born to the couple — a daughter,
named Mabel, who died April 29, 1900.
Mrs. Murray told her attorney that she
was the only child of Thomas and Almira
S. Townsend and was born in Tyngsboro,
Mass.. In 1S49. She said that her parents
two years after marriage separated and
Fhortly afterwards were divorced. Ac- i
cording to the alleged daughter, Mrs. .
Townsend's maiden name was Almira Co- '
May Be Concealing Something.
f "\ ?' m n°t say that I did draw up a will
T°!i« i • Townsend . neither will I say that
I did not. I will say that I have acted
as Mrs. Townsend's attorney In various
matters. It is not for me to sav that a
certain instrument is- a will. If I had
T w ? , a wU1 for Mrs - Townsend she
m ght have destroyed it and made an
other. I have not seen Mrs. Townsend foi
about two weeks. In that time she may
have made several wills. I cannot give
the name of the daughter who was in the
Last, because it might lead to trouble.
The only other relative in the East is a
sister.* Both she and the daughter have
been residing near Boston. The daughter
is the heir of Mrs. Townsend and will re
ceive a handsome fortune. 1 suppose it
is the intention of Mrs. Murray to keep
everything quiet, until after the funeral.
I do not see anything out of the way in
what Mrs. Murray has done. She may
be trying to conceal something in Mrs.
Townsend's life which she would not care
to have made public.
"All the information I have was given
to me by Mrs. Townsend as an attorney.
I have no right to divulge that. It might
lead to serious difficulties should the mat
ter be brought before the court. Every
thing will be made clear when probate
proceedings are Instituted. I have no rea
son to doubt that Mrs. Murray is Mrs.
Townsend's daughter. She may have
come here from the East under an as
sumed rame or that may bo her real
name. Mrs. Townsend mav not have
given her daughter's full name when mak
ing a will. If Mrs. Murray is trying to
conceal anything I think she is going I
: about It in the wrong way. She should
come out plainly and state the facts of the I
case. I do not know whether she is the j
daughter or not and I have not seen her." I
About two weeks ago Mrs. Townsend
consulted with an old friend, a prominent
business man of this city, in regard to
making her will. She admitted to the man
she sought advice from that her relatives
were giving her unusual trouble in regard
to money matters. She dwelt especially
upon the fact that she had a niece here
who was causing her much annoyance.
The funeral of Mrs. Townsend will take
place to-morrow. The funeral notice
reads that "pursuant to the request of the
deceased funeral services as well as in
terment will be strictly private."
Lp at the Townsend home the officer
Is still on duty and no one is permitted
to enter. Old friends are turned away,
and Mrs. Murray has explained the pres
ence of the officer on duty by declaring
that she has had to close the doors upon
the friends. and alletred friends of Mrs.
xov.'nsend to prevent them from carrying
away property belonging to the deceased.
In spite of the tact that no will has
been found, it is not altogether Improba
ble that a will is in existence.
Henry C. McPike, at one time attorney
for Mrs. Townsend, last night practically
admitted, that he drew a will for Mrs.
Townsend at one time, but refused abso
lutely to give its contents or to discuss
her affairs upon the ground that they
.weFe communications to an attorney. He
admitted, though indirectly, that Mrs.
Townsend had a daughter and a sister in
the tast, but that the name of Mrs. Mur
ray did not tally with the name he knew.
ai;d he intimated that there was some
secret which Mrs. Murray was trying to
hide. He said:
burn. Her relatives are Mrs. Ella M.
Quick (sister). 219 Bergln street. Brooklyn;
Mrs. Anna Forsholln (sister), 639 Lexon
ton avenue, New York; Mrs. Alonzo Quin
by (sister), Chelinsiord street, Lowell.
Mass.; Mrs. Charles C. Bradford (sister),
43 Chelsea street, Kast Boston, . Mass.;
Mrs. Louise Soule (niece, daughter of Mrs.
Bradford), is Boyleston road, Morton
Highlands, Mass.
Mrs^ Townsend, according to Mrs. Mur
ray, had seven brothers— Ira, Forrest. Jo
seph, Martin, James, Charles and Henry
Coburn. Ira, Charles and Henry are dead,
and of the whereabouts of the others Mrs.
Murray has no knowledge.
Policeman Still on Guard.
Mrs. Murray Establishes Her
Claim of Relationship to the
Satisfaction of Judge Bahrs
and Continues to Bar Out
Friends of the Deceased.
FORMER HUSBAND OF MRS. TOWNSEND
COMES UPON THE SCENE OF MYSTERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 24. 1900.
14
A >»i STEBT still hovers round the
SjfS events following Mrs. Almlra
£j ft rx S. Townsend's sudden demise.
MB Jk y Last evening a new and impor
tant character appear<-d on the
scene — Thom;is T. Townsend. who claims
to be the father of the alleged daughter
of the der.d wurr.an and -the man whoso
r.aaie the philanthropist bore. Shortly
after dark Townsend presented himself
at the California-street home, made per
eistent efforts to frain an entrance and
finally asked for an Interview with Mrs.
Murray, whom be declared he had not
Feen since 1*76. When it was explained to
him that the lady was unable to receive
him lie v.-er.t away, sayinpr he would call
to-day upon her attorneys, Sullivan & Sul
livan. Those who saw Townsend describe
him a.=5 a middle-sized man. with a snow
white mustache which proclaims his ad
vanced years.
Those in attendance at the Townsend
home were not altogether unprepared for
Townsend's appearance. Mrs. Murray,
upon her arrival here, told her attorneys,
Sullivan & Sullivan, that it was probable
her father would materialize and attempt
to lodpe a claim upon the wealth of Mrs. !
Towr.send, estimated at over a half mil
lion. Mrs. Murray also brought letters
with her to the attorneys from a promi
nent Boston law firm, in which they a-«ked
that Mn». Murray's Interest be strictly
looked after and that she be protected
from her father, who for some time had
!>een threatening to swoop down upon his
former wife and help himself to some of
tier prt-at wealth. '
In speaking of Townsend to her attor
neys Murray t;:ii<l she understood
that her father had been married several
times since he and her mother had sepa
rated. Whether the couple were ever
legally divorced no one is able to state
ln fart, the !a.ly declared that she and
her father had Quarreled because she.
I out of respect to her mother, had refused
j to meet one of these numerous wives.
Mrs. Murray succeeded yesterday, to the
; satisfaction of Judge Banrs, in establish
i intf ht-r identity ana claim of relationship
j to the dead woman. The very facts that
j make up the proof of Mrs. Murray's
claim serve also to further complicate
I matters and lend an additional air of
! mystery to the entire affair. In trying
j to establish her claims Mrs. Murray seeks
i to prove that Mrs. Towns.-nd was a vain.
I frivolous old woman, who denied her
j daughter that she might not be forced to
I admit herself oM enough to be her
mother. This denying- of iier motherhood
is put down as one of the eccentricities
of Mrs. Townsend.
To no one did Mrs. Townsend admit
that Mrs. Murray was her dauphter. To
some of the old lady's friends Mrs. Mur
ray was introduced without any claim of
relationship; to others Mrs. Townsend
Introduced her alleged daughter as her
| sister. Cyrus AV. Carmany, secretarv of the
savings and loan society with which Mrs.
Townsend transacted all her business, was
Jn 1^'M introduced to Mrs. Murray by Mrs.
Townsend. At that time Mrs. Townsend
told him Mrs. Murray was her sister
Carmany admits that he frequently for
warded for Mrs. Townsend generous sums
of money to Mrs. Murray.
To John Harms, manaper of Madison &
Rurke. Mrs. Townsend said that in case
anything happened to her she wished him
to notify Mrs. Murray. Harms made a
B.ESIDZNCE OF THE LATE MRS. ALMIRA S. TOWNSEND.
1«-Premiams r r^
jmuj Given A 1 LL
'WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
3 times as many Preminms with Teas
3 times as many Preminms with Coffeo
3 times as maay Premiams with Spies
3 times as many Preminms with Extracts
3 times as many Premiums with Soda
3 as'many Premiums with Baking Powder
Frosh Roast od Got f 009
*o» «5» »o, M5, 3». 35* 4» Cta. S.tv
Pure Teas
35. 40. 50. 6q. 7Qt »o cta. per i,t>
Spice, Baking Powder, Extract8,Mus&
xo. »5, »5. 45 Cta. per Can
A Biff premium Given witfc
Every fnxctt»mo
Good Time ana Place to Bay
I»rice» Neter ao cheap
Premiums Never ao 3Iany
Great American Iarcrttos Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
1*0 Sixth St. PP " • row «">-
K3 Hayes St. 113 Third St.
OAKLAND StSrIs
WA Kearny St.. S?u L FSnei?co?Cal.
Southfleld Wellington Coal.
the best for all purposes.
The reason physicians always recommend
Jepse Moore "AA" whlpkey Is because they
know of Its absolute purity.
Books are best friends: we bind any kind of
books. Mysell-Rollins. 22 Clay. •
Woodmen at the Show.
Several hundred members of the local
camp of the Woodmen of the World,
¦with their ladles and many members of
the circles of Women of Woodcraft,
formed a theater party last night and at-
tended the performance at the Grand
Opera-houpp. Between acts the drill
team of Goldrn Oate Camp Xo. 61 gave
en exhibition drill.
Morton Draying and "Warehouse Co.
General Draymen— Warehousemen— For-
warding Agents— No. 204 Battery street. •
6§^T th h e e SSa la ffi h tfi"SSSK
Bale's.
Sale's.
Hale's.
M the wrapper sale continued v.^
l\ jFr&*\ " you were here yesterday you had a good Idea of what a full-blown «uc- 1
W " ifXr^ttiM^ c * ss Iooks llIce- but blg as the selIln ? was . the lots were bigger still, and J
A mUB£*Zk.''ViBL thers are plenty yet for those of you who come to-day H
W mBsfc&lfvSEEl B °9? quality printed lawn wrappers In pink. light blue, lavender and black H
W C»B*"" - Ori? an w "' t * »trlpeg and Hg-ures, trimmed with Inserting on. collar anj access y
fa iPTV. Si percale wrappers In blue stripes and red figures only, made" with' epeuietted A
\» J\ shoulders, trimmed with fancy braid on collars, cuffs and across bust and 1
3 back, fitted linings, sizes 32. 34, 36 and 38; only 8J>O 1
SV -Jt-VvA^ 'dimity house gowns in light and dark blue stripes, made" with" pompadour K
W J ' o!te f ront and back, full ruffle over shoulder. ani \
¥ -jm&B&Mi'2\SSnHS&. Ftandinsr collar finished with deep ruffling; trimmed with I
& . flC3SMUBWO V\v3BwJB wlJe Insertion over shoulder anj on belt, full skirt with a M
W » V»^^«r eP flounce< s!zcs 3 * to 44; reduced from $2 to S1.U5 *
# jr^fY 0 the stationery is going fast 1
\ Iff ' x jRT to-day— a repetition of those splendid values that caused th« fl
V S2A r V B?»S^ Ftationerj- section to re«oun,1 with the pleasing hum and hurly-
A. /%£(&. k. &| //^eS\ burly of rapid selllr.ji: all day yesterday from door opening till 1
\S /x&EB^k Wk. \ U VI I fitntrF?S!ft^\ closing time, but clon"t delay coming— the chances are that Q
V /flraH » Mry^^^BKS^V many of the lots will b«? distributed anionif quick-witted buyers
V y^^^^^^H |^\v[TlL3'^^\ v n fu!1 government 5xC't> envelopes, regnlar rHce Ec a package; fe
£ iVsiSxzi&S&nEn. \ ° <J ' i l0 " °^ enveIop * s ln v arlou» "sizes "a=d"eVyies."worta 5c
V/ /m™8B^™ \ tablst*. regular price Sc each, now '.!'..'..'...".*" Be C
.• /JIHSggggWfeimBX. \ "T 1nffiB-jll5SK JUII composition books., worth 12c farh, now To
J /giLEySft;jCMWaW VJi^Xj^**^- MfamaUMB— Bl tablets, regular price 1(X? each new T c J
llta^irf WHfiff JV^^ fffgfffTffrEiBKa I stationery. rpRnlar price Od each, now ..".".".13c 6
k^^^"^S^^xAllU ' »is^P?*^r?i3 1 P° un(1 rarkapea of fine commercial note paper, rerular 1
' I I B^H^SfBJj^j^fly/ pound packages of extra fine commercial note 'paper^'reTa- M
I ' I '-=0^^!i$$gS I • I wBmBBSsEt/ tablets containing 70 "sheets of" good "paper, 8xio "size, "regu* 7
i II. \ ' I, v^^^^ wash goods prices are tumbling S
l&M'fBll II l! II f^Mfy e<?^ the scissors flashms, like th« sabres of cavalry at drill A
T vJS&B 1/ ' 11 M t^^Qv' Bs thl " 3 ' snlr> ofr the?e pretty wash good-j. but trivial va!u» is »
u . U^K# # I U i®y placed on summer fabrics now, and prices that have been on 1
t Jr a R \ the brink of tumbling have finally collapsed. It's a splendid cp- A
f 19 \[ l\ \ V portunlty for you, as the best of the wearing season is yet to come «
91 mfL^r -rJf^-^rit, I i W5* 125 ° ya^s batistes, pretty as can be for childrera - s wear, small' ¥
J*=?T77fi!tiVT§i\r*^ "^^^^^V dainty designs on white grounds, 36 inches wide, regular A
\ JylW////tl', i\M:l$\ MMloll.X^^. 1000 yards 32-lnch madran cloths ln handsome pink " and " blue •
W //ff/f//// \l\ ll *'/ lv*Mi A\ \^.^. stripes; what pretty house gowns and chlldren-s dresses they ft
fl MlMif' ll I if ''/ \\l « \ TVl11 make: yo u ' v<? always thought them good value at 13Hc
ij filled C/C^C/cA^^^^ T'Thwi JL
,- • W '."•'¦¦¦ V '¦'- '<* "¦ ¦' ' : ¦ /* ¦¦¦!*¦'•'. ¦'¦ ' • ; - ;'-"¦'.;¦"-¦¦¦''¦¦.;¦"'>.>""¦¦.'.•-- : ' ¦ -'V-'t-V •'"¦¦¦'- .-V ' **."-¦ ¦ J v : '' * ¦ "'¦ -.'¦-:.'¦''': ¦' - . : -' •"".; "'' :
-¦/\ r ,:' :^ : ':, r ¦;;:-.¦ v. ; - .... .v. : >;^ : : ; ;;. : -¦¦'¦\'=:\ ¦¦'- -yi\<. : M' :^-^r^^i':
Made from pure and healthful ingre-
dients. No alum, lime or ammonia,
*¦** ¦ ¦ ¦ \m 1 s o^a t t v/v« *»'4 B-' »• ¦ HJ/ Cfi B 5 vS
Housekeepers must exercise care in buying bak-
ing powders, to avoid alum. Alum powders are
THE COLUMBIA
ZI THER
The Columbia Zither is abou<
the easiest instrument for fone to
Jearn to play that there is.
To play it requires no teacher
or knowledge of music — every-
thing is figured out — you simply
follow directions. A week's care-
ful practice will enable most any-
body to creditably entertain a
party of friends at a home gather-
ing:. The Columbia is the most
simple of all zithers as well as the
most durable and desirable. Prices
S2.50 to $7.50. We are the agents.
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
I Piano and Music House,
Cor. Kearny and Sutter ets.. S. F.
*-or. 13th and Iiroadv.-ay. Oakland.