no_textPOLITICAL REPARTEE.
."I" find I can cultivate the muse better
at night," said the poet.
"Yes," replied the blind man, "that's the
favorile time for .the commission of
crime."— Philadelphia North American.
TROUBLE IN THE CLOCK WORKS.
The Big Hand— Say, it's 12 o'clock. I'm
all "run dewn.
The Little Hand— Let's strike for shorter
hours!— New York Press.
THE SHELTERING DARKNESS
Pessiia— Think of it, will you? One hun
dred millions shrinkage in stocks in about
two days!
OpMm — Yes. Lut the revenue stamps
rcsed In making the sales amounted, to
$250,OCO, and that would pay the expense
of the' Philippine war for a whole day.
What nre you grumbling about?— Chicago
TrlLune.
THE 'BRIGHT SIDE.
AT THE BAR.
A hush falls upon the court.
"Do you know the prisoner at the bar?"
asks the counsel.
"When I've got the price I fenow every
body at the bar!" protests the colonel
from the witness stand with dignity.
The colonel, understand, employs the
Kentucky dialect of fiction, which he has
learned to speak with considerable
fluency.— Detroit Journal.
"Bisinfict the house thor-r-roushly. me
b'ye." said Mr. O'Toole, when the nego
tiations for rentins the cottage, had been
completed, "and we'll move in to onet.**
"Why do you wish it' disinfected?" in
quired the agent. "The place is perfectly
clean."
"Shure," replied Mr. O*Toole, as expres
sive of great shrewdness, "the last fam'ly
thot lived in it hod tr-r-riplits."— Judge.
TAKING PRECAUTIONS.
UNCLE SflM— IT'S TOO hjOT TO ENThjUSE OVEF^ POLITICS JUST YET.
FINAL TEST.
The woman was crirnson with rage.
"You recall the vase you sold me. upon
the pretense that It wa.t a very rare arti
cle of vertu?" she hissed.
The tradesman bowed tremblingly.
"It Is a fraud!" cried the woman, her
voice rfcfns to a shriek. "It Is not rare:
I doubt If it Is worth more than $10. F<ir.
look you. my husband can come home
late at night and feel for matches in the
same room with it without knocking It
over!" .
Here the tradesman smftte together as
to his kEees, perceiving that his deceit
was discovered.— Detroit Journal.
METHOD IN HIS MADNESS.
Short— 1 wish I were a rumor.
I>onsr — Why s=o?
Short — Becaure a rumor soon sains cur
rency.-Chicago News.
NO LONGER COMPLETE.
Askit— When does the century end?
] Tellit— When my wife sees something
priced $39 90, marked down from $100.
"D« your little ones beU«rve In S;in"a
Claus?"
"No. They did till last Chritmas,
when their papa played the part. 1 ha.'!
the children In the nail, ami he was t >
come fr«>m upstairs with, a lot of present.?
for them."
"Yes?"
**W*W, we had the light* turned lovr,
an<l he thought he wa^ clown t. hen he
wasn't. They recognized his ianffiiase."—
Chicago Times-Herald.
EINTIRELY TOO \iODERATF
Muggins— Bjones is the mildest man
nered roan I ever knew.
BiiprKin* — 1» he?
"Yes. We went oat to the tell kith*
together yesterday and the amptn caCrd
one of our men out at first base when h«
wa» saf«* by thr*^ feet. Bjoru-s remarked
that it wa* a base ealumn>." — Pbiladd
phia Record.
PARTNERS IN DISTilKS^
The Doc-tor — Just after the bip: fail in
stocks I went ami looked at my box in thr
safety deposit vault, and it wus three
fourths full of water.
The Professor — Mine was full of lead. 1
am carryins a heuvter lond <»f them tiiavi
you are.— Chicago Tribune.
A L:\EOR-SAVING DliVICR
Mrs. Tannue— Don't you get awfuSjr
tired waiting for your husband to «.-'»me
home evenings?
Mr*. Lu!<h« — Oh. I nevtr sit up fi>r lilia
I have a phonojjraph in the hall whic?)
starts talking as soon a* he ope;is the
door.— New York Journal.
A XEIGHI'.ORLY VIEVT
Culler— Your next donr neighbors ap
pear to be very quit t people.
Mrs. Spinks— Vis. the -walls are very
thin, and I s'po^e the mean things keep
quid to hear what we say.— New Yurk
Weekly.
AN EXPLODED MYTH
"And so you really believe year shop
ping expeditions— 1 mean particularly your
ones to the special sales— are in strict line
with economy?" he asked, as he settfed
back In the chair am) watched her.
"Of coarse," she answered, smoothing
out the folds In her dress. "Of course they
are. Didn't I buy a 50-cent toothbrush
yesterday for 39 cents?"
"You saved exactly 11 cent*." be, said,
after a pause. "But now let us look at
this matter In all its lights. A3 I said,
you saved 11 cents. But we will commence
at the beginning. You push your way Into
the crowded store; you se« the special sale
counter and fight your way to it. make
your purchase and arc happy: your hair
Is mussed, your skin Is torn In two or
three places and entirely disarranged
when you finally get your change and
board the car. ¦ •. .
**Wb*.n you pet home you are cross to
the baby and the servant and you ro to
bed with a bad taste in your mouth. In
the morning you are tired, aching and
For*. Then you vent your spite on me and
all for 11 cents."
"But 11 cents saved is 11 cents earm-il."
she exclaimed, triumphantly.
"True." he said, "lut what dr> you
need with another tooth^ush? I bell«»v*
I have noticed several around the house."
Sr»e ?cok?d bewildered for a moment
"I thought perhaps you would need it."
she explained.
He laughed.
"Perhaps I will— sonv: day. But ju.st at
I he present time I am also well s-inp!ieil."
His words were becoming cruel and her
lips were • iiiiv.'rine- He km w it and ap
proached her. Then sbe cried. Hep head
was on his phou!dcr.
"Don't mind me. dear," he said. "Tin
a brute. Shop whenever you please. Ituy
all the toothbrushes y<-u wish" —
"It isn't that.'" she sobbed, "but. oh,
Jack. I just remember that I lift my
pooketbook at the store!"
He smiled asain.— Indianapolis Sun.
Jhe fads of the Case.
HIS BUSINESS.
"J wonder why she eloped with a baseball playerT"*
"Probably she considered him a good catch,"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The Rev. Dr. Fourthley (making a pas
toral call)— I "am glad to'notire that Mr.
Upjohn doesn't pay "damn" any more.
Mrs. Upjohn— No, he doesn't. Somebody
told him it wasn't considered utearing
nowadays.— Chicago Tribune.
General R. M. Patterson, the Democratic
candidate for Congress, was invited a few
years- ago to make a si>eech at the open
meeting of the Hatchic Coon Hunting and
Fishing Club. All . the members were
present, and a merrier set of men perhaps
never faced the speaker. General Pat
terson rose with his usual urbane manner
and, addressing the; .club, opened up by
sayings
"What shall I talk about?"
"Talk about a minute!" cried a voice
from one of tho back Feats. " '.
And he did so.— Memphis Scimitar.
NOT EXPRESSIVE ENOUGH.
2
The Lamb— Oh, papa! I hope I woa't'grow up to be a black sheep.RAILROAD TERM.
POOR TRAIN SERVICE.
RECOGNIZED HER.
"Who is at the telephone, Herr Bren
del?**
•Your wife, sir."
"What does she want?"
"The only word I can understand Is
'r.umsVull.' "
"Lot hT come here; she probably wants
lo talk with me."— Der Dorfbarbier.
IN THE EARLY MORN.
Singleton— That baby cf yours Is getting
t* be quite a big chap.
Wederly— Well, I should say. He gains
el»out ten pounds an hour when I have
to walk the floor with him nights.—Chi
cago News.
PRODIGIOUS STRENGTH.
Browne — Is that doctor's son as strong
as is reported?
Towne— Oh, yes. Why, I saw him lift
One of his father's bills. — Now York
World.
DICK'S DESCRIPTION.
This is little Dick's description of his
first flash of lightning and first clap of
thunder: "Oh, mamma. 1 saw an angel go
into heaven and bang the door after it."
Jimmy — I gues3 you feel pretty bad that
you have lost your job.
Johnny— I don't care a bit about the
job, but I wish I had the pay, just ths
tame. — Boston Post.
"Well, madam. If you positively refuse
to tell your age I suppose 1 can inquiie
of the lady next dcor and let her guess at
it."
"Young man. you stand right still there
where you are. I'll be back in a moment
with the family-Bible."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
" A HARD FALL
McJigger— He fell into Jones' well, and
it never feazed him.
Thingumbob— Ycu don't say! Didn't hurt
him. eh?
McJigger— No; and you know how hard
the water is in Jones' well.— Philadelphia
Press.
COULDN'T TELL
"What is the difference between a prop
osition and a proposal?" inquired the pro
fessor, lecturing on ¦''Words and Their
Definitions."
"1 never had a proposition," replied the
pretty girl at the foot of the class.—De
troit Free Press.
UP-TO-DATE TACTICS
Sergeant Finnegan (on the skirmish
line)— Stiddy. me bye?: sure they be too
far off yit. but whin they get furninst the
bushes there, thry a few. blank cartridges
at 'em until yees git the range. — Life.
IT BROUGHT HER.
"I wouMjU learn to box. O Sun of a Gun.*' said the Shah, as lie threw off his
ribt-K and put on :he gloves. "1 vach me the art. and thy reward shall be as As
s-rtr. has promised."
•But. Ruler of the World, I cannot teach th«-e unless I strike out, " protested
Use lightweight.
"<..f course ni>t. I'm on the gloves and had for my nose.*'
Slobbs — What advances the science of
healing has made. The medieval doctors
bled patients for quite a few diseases.
Rlobbs— Yes; nowadays they're bled for
them all.— Philadelphia Record.
GREAT STRIDES.
I De Tanque — Why does Guzzler, never g«
I away in the summer?
O'Soaque— He's afraid he might acci
dentally stumbie across one of thosa
watering places.— Philadelphia Record.
EXPERT EVIDENCE.
"What is a phenomenon, Clara?"
"A phenomenon is a man who can carry
an umbrella over a woman without poking
Iser eyes out or pulling her hat off." — Chi
cago Record. .
TOO DRY FOR HIM.
' "A married woman ought to feel
younger and happier after 50 than be
fore."
"Yes: she has either got the upper hand
of her husband by that time or has quit
trying to get it."— Indianapolis Journal.
run more cars on this line?
Conductor— Why, to tell you the truth,
I only own a half-million of the stock of
this line, so I don't have much to say
about It.— Judge.
ONE OR THE OTHER.
Passenger (indignantly)— Why don't you
A LIMITED STOCKHOLDER.
'I guess she does" ! ! !
The if. E. B. S. I*. P. Minister bent his back and bowed his« ho»d and went
forth, and after walking the streets for half an hour he came across a short
t..-i;r. .1 man with a broken pose, who was just about to sign an agreement to
rght the Turkish Kid to a linish fur the Rat? receipts. He was commanded to
the presence of the Shah, with two sets of boxing gloves under liis arm, and he
lijst no time getting there.
It so happened one morning i:i Persia that as the Truly Benevolent But Slight
ly I'pnurbfd Grand Vizier way taking his chocolate be picket! up a sporting paper
and saw a picture of the row between CorbCtt and Fitzsimmons. It interested
him at once. and. tailing his Highly Exulted Uut Somewhat Uneasy Prime Min
ister, he said:
"HoT A«=im. l>ut here is something that we have somehow missed. Co thou
out on ITie streets of my city an<l Inquire if any of my subjects know of boxing
pioves and how to use them. Jf thou Canst find me a man who will put me up
to the tricks of stra'.ght jabs, left -hocks ar.d uppticuts, 1 will bestow upon him
11)0 v.ives and a thousand goats."
An Incident which has caused Secretary
CJage to l»e exceedingly cautious of "dea.'
men" occurred recently.
Congressman John II. Ketehnm of Do
ver Plains. >.*. Y.. is more or le;:s hard of
hearing. lie holds his hand up <o his car
while you are addressing him. a«fi man
ages to catch your meaning fairly well.
Just how much ho hears is o;>en to ques
tion, and the Secretary of the Treasury,
for one, has his own suspicions tliat
"l'i:cle John" is not quite so deaf us he
appears. It happened this way. as related
in Success;
Mr. Ketcham had b?cn in Congress so
long that he had used up al! the patronage
to which he was bhllUed! dm! couldn't S*H
any more places for his constituents. Uut
one day this spring he called on Mr. Gage.
'There Ls a man up in my town," l he-ex
plained, "who must be fixed, and 1 want
you to fix him."
"I Can't do it," replied- Gage (and up
went Ketcham's hand to his ear), "be
cause there are no vacancies In my de
partment."-
"Yes, that's what he wants." said
Krtcham. "place in your department."
The Secretary looked at his visitor in
tently and said, in a lower torn*:
"The civil service rules cover all ap
pointments under 512uO or JliiCKt a year."
"Thai will be satisfactory. He will not
expc ct more than SlUUO a year."
Mr. Gage was growing desperate.
"1 Ml you," he fairly yelled. "I can't do
anything for your man. There is no use
brirging him down here."
"AH right." said the imperturbable Con
gmsman, ris-ing. 'Til bring him down."
ar.d out he walked, leaving the Secretary
a state of collapse.
Sure enough, a day or two Inter the deaf
man walked in with a constituent.
"Here is my friend that you promised
to :>lace." he said.
"Good I^ord." said Onse' (and up went
the other's hand), "didn't 1 tell you I
could d) nothing, absolutely nothing?'
"Hey?"
"L>idn't I tell you not to bring your man
here, because I had no place for him?"
"No; ycu said you would give him a
place at about $1200; so I sent for him. and
here he is."
The Secretary was in despair. He looked
the Congressman in the face— it was a
blank. In sheer desperation he tapped a
teil for an assistant, told the latter to
Like the constituent to Mr. B— . and. if
possible, ta find him a place. The Con
gressman shook hands all around und de
parted with an expression of benevolence
on his countenance. The ma.ii got a fairly
good place. The Congressman is still
rather deaf. The Secretary— well, he.' has
his own suspicions.
"None Jo peaf."
SHE DID.
TALES OF THE EAST.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The lightweight knew a Iblcs or two. and he led gently and allowed the Shah
to knock h:m off hh- ;»irjs w:th a counter. When this had happened ahout six.
tct-Q tiwifts. bnimr, his fighting blood began to circulate: fit* thought himself
la the ring with the Turkith Kid. uml he hauled off and knocked the Truly Ue
t.cvuicnt ir.to the miilcle of n»xt wwk by a Mow en the jaw.
"I wonder does my mother want me."
W R I. L!
At the end of seven minutes ihe Shall ?at up and looked around: and present
ly, as he found his i-,U.n e still standing, a beautiful smile stole over his face, and
-Son of a Gun. thou hast taught me boxing and the wives and the goats are
"Thankee. O Your Mightiness!" replied the lightweight.
"But a» thou hast dared to thump your king at the same time, and as it was
a thump which loosened four teeth and bit my tongue. Assim will see that your
head is struck off and your grave kept as green as the sttte of our water works
will permit!"
3rim stnsr
4
A MAN
WITH AN EDUCATED
BIKE
LOOK out tor the man with the new
bicycle,
lie may start in to tell you all
about it.
The man with the new baby, thf man
with the smart boy and Die man who has
just invented a new kind of machine to
prevent whiskaderos from blowing out the
Eras, all get out of the way when the
man with the brand new bike rolls in on
his windjammed rubber p'pes.
Percival Erown has one of them with
'steen patent attachments on it.
There is a wonderful lamp to begin with
that would set Aladdin on the keen jump
if it e'er caught his eye. This lamp
throws the moon and stars all in Iba
shade and makes the risjriff sun look Hkc
a total eclips»e.
Then it lias a steel spring, double back
action buck-em-off brake on the hind
wheel and a stop-mc-quick on the front
wheel that puts a Westinghouse air brake
back on t^e ice wagon.
Brown's wheel has everything but in
tellect. An educated pis Isn't In it with
that bike vhen it comes to a question of
intelligence
If Brown forgets to jissle his feet, do
you suppose that wheel stops? Not much.
It goes right ahead sawing wood until
it comes to an upgrade, then if Percy
doesn't wake t'p the wheel instead of run
ning back downhill again, jusl puts on Its
own brake, deposits him on the ground
and then lies di wn. Smart v.-heel, isn't it?
Percival has romething like three hun
dred and sixty-1've friends, and in telling
them about the -*hecl and answering the
numerous questions it keeps his mouth
so dry tJyit he t->s to buy drink tickets
by the lftckage. _,
The other day he struck a hard graft.
He had just come in from a redhot scorch
to the cliff and back without a stop except
for refreshments. s>nd was going in to
Hash one of his tickets on a man with
a poker face and r white apron, when
a corn huskcr from the interior stoppeJ
him. saying: "Yer ch.-m's off. Mister."
This was what P. B. E.^q. lined. It gave
him a splendid cham i to explain that
the chain was not off, but that the* man
was and then to follow that tip with a
special verbal edition o' "The Chainlcsa
Bike and How to Work II."
After P. B. had nearly completed tellirg
the. very unusual merits of his particular
brand of bike, the man from the moun
tains got confidential and explained that
he had never ridden anything more com
plicated than a donkey; that this machine
was the first one of the durned things
that he ever saw and had a chan^t to
look at., and he wanted'to know what that
hose pipn was on the wheels for.
That v.-as getting back to lrrst prin
ciples, bu* Percival was patient and ex
plained th« origin of the pneumatic tire,
but when fr<*. came to telling about pump-
Ing air into it to inflate the tire, it was
too much for the donkey man, who ex
claimed, "Gr<», Mister, you don't mean
to tell me tha.t you blow wind In there
hard enough to make tha.t hose pipe like
that? I've seen wind blow pretty, hard,
but I never saw it blow quite as hard as
a rock before. You can't fool me,
stranger, if I am from the hills."
There was no other way to convince
him than to deflate the tire and then
pump it up again.
There was a good-sized crowd around
by this time and Brown was busy an
swering questions about what made the
wheels go round when the cranks didn't,
and what made the coaster brake work,
and how he managed to get a whole gas
factory into the size of a tomato can.I hate practical jokes as a rule, but
there is one that I remember with grati
tude. I was staying in a country house,
and there was a man there who mado
himself most odious. He was an exceed
ingly conceited man, who talked for tho
whole room, and bored every one with
long-winded stories. How our hostess
could endure him I never could make out,
but she was devoted to him. "When he
was not engaged in holding forth at largo
he used to try to monopolize me, and pes
tered me with odious attentions. I hated
this first because I disliked him, and sec
ondly because there was another— whom
I preferred. Mr. Bumpsher was totally
impervious to snubs, did not mind inter
rupting a quiet tete-a-tete, and did not
object apparently to being an unwelcome
third. Can you imagine a more horrid
man? One evening he was boasting about
his power of will and the wonderful things
he had done by It, when a quiet man took
him suddenly up and offered to bet him
sixpence that his own will was the more
powerful of the two.
"I will prove it this way," said tho
quiet man. "You will go and stand in
that corner ar«l I will will you to come
out of it. Yen will against me, and I'll
bet sixpence that I will have you out of
that corner willy nilly befora I have com
manded you to come out twice."
Bumpphcr took the bet and put himself
in the corner. The quiet man said in a
commanding voice:
"Com? out o\ that corner."
Bumpsher {jrinned and shock his head.
The quiet man sat down and looked at
Bumpsher steadily. I suppose five or ten
minutes passed, and then Bumpsher said,
with a sneer:
"Hadn't you better give it up? I doD't
feel, any influence at all, and I can't stand
here all the evening."
"There is no hurry." said the quiet man,
"and I have a very comfortable seat.
There is no time limit, except that you
are to ctJme out before I ask you twice,
and as I don't intend to ask you the sec
ond time until this day week, I think you
will feel the influence before then."
There was a general shriek of laughter,
and Bumpsher came out looking very
foolish. He avoided the quiet man for
the rest of the visit, and as the quiet man
was.the other I have alluded to, I was re
lieved of Mr. Bumpsher's attentions en
tirely.—L,ondon Madame. -
A Sore Cornered.
rXDAY CALL.
AFTER SOMETHING.
I^ord G — You're a girl after my heart. •
She— How do you know? I may be after
your title.— Harlem Life.
.Minister— Now, little girl, you want to
be a Christian, don't you?
Ethel— No, sir; I'd rather sing in tho
choir. — Puck.
Ma — Tommy, you seem to love pa bet
ter than you do me.
Tommy— Oh, ma, I don't mean to, but
y* see, pa allus has his pockets full of
nickels.— Indianapolis Journal.
5
ana wny It burnt better the more 'water
you put on it, and why a twenty-two
Inch frame with seven Inch cranks and an
eighty-two gear made a better combin
ation than a twenty-four inch frame, six
inch cranks and some other kind of a
gear.
A wise guy with a bicycle face got him
into dispute as to why a chain wasn't
better than a gear because you could fix
it yourself, and though Percival admitted
that if a man really liked to spend his
time fixing chains he ought to have
one, the wise guy was not convinced and
started an opposition lecture on his own
account.
About that time a policeman came up
and ordered the whole crowd to move on.
On attempting to start. Brown found
that he had forgotten his bell and accord
ing to section 17, article ?. of fool rules
and regulations for sussing citizens, he
would have to walk until he got out of
sight of that star bosomed prize package
of humanity.
Nov.- Brown is working night3 getting
up a hand book cf explanations about bi
cycles, commencing with "Why don't
you fall off?" and running clear through
all of the mysteries of the wheel, except
the great and unsolvable one of how the
hothouse he is going to pay the nine
teenth weekly installment of purchase
price.SIMPLY KIENDIS1L
"Hipper ls a mean cuss."
"Think so?"
"Yes. He's the sort of a man who wouid
Inveigle a woman into buying cigars for
a Christmas present for her husband."—
Philadelphia North American.
_~~ —
NO SKY
Warwick— Why is it that there are no
real skyscrapers in London?
Wlckwirc — There is no sky. — Puck.
OCCASION PRODUCED.
"I never could understand why so many
of the colonel's visitors are always sick."
"It's all because he keeps such good
liquor In the house labeled 'For Sickness
Only.' "—Chicago News.
THERE AI1E EXCEPTIONS.
I "It's the little things that count in this
world."
"Oh, 1" don't know. Our bookkeeper
weighs 233 " — Chicago Timc3-Herald.
GOOD EAR FOR MUSIC
"There's a man *hn has a srood ear for
music," remarked the dvspeptic mart,
who was bothered by the piano playing
of the young woman next door.
"Who, I>t:mley? Why. he's as deaf as
a post," replied his friend.
"I know he is," said the dyspeptic man.
—Philadelphia Press.
RAPID TKAXSIT.
"Why, look a" here!" said the Chicago
boomer; "we've got one of the quickest
trains running from here to New York
that there is in the country."
"Well, that's all right." replied the
New Yorker. "When a man wants to get
out of Chicago ho wants* to get out quick."
— Vonfceis Statesman.
BETRAYED
'"Yrii have scon a total eclipse of th«
sunT* artlessly spoke up the girl in the
pa!e b!ue taffeta shirt waist. "What i3
the sensation? Is it anything like? being
in a railway train when it plunges sud
dentiy into a tunnel?"
"Not the least in th<-> world," replied the
girl in the Eton jacket, blushing vividly
the next moment.— Chicago Tribune.
BEYOND HER COMPREHENSION.
"Josiah." said Mrs. Chugwater. who was
looking at the headlines in the mormn;
paper, "what Ls the Chinese problem they
are all talking about?"
"You wouldn't be able to understand it
if I should explain it to you." replied Mr.
Chvgirater. . "It's written in tea chest
characters, and Sots of tlw Chinese them
selves can't work it."— Chicago Tribune.
— -
NO HARM IN TRYING IT
"Do yon know of any prejviration that
Hill make one's hair wavy and inclined to
curl?"
"Well, you might try this mixture, rve
¦been putting it on my hair to take the
kinks out, and It won't d> it."— Chicago
Tribune.
&5V\i .
Vr TO DATE
"Father." pleaded the boy. "whip me In
the barn this time. Don't take me to the
woodshed— th.it's got to be such an old
Ea&" Which shows how the jvxveaile m'n«l
under the educational influence of the
comic journaH develops a tendency to be
come blase and cynical.— Chicago Tribune.
i
PROBABLY A FACT
Teacher (suspiciously)— Who wrote your
composition. Johnny?
Johnny — My father.
"What, all of itr*
"Xo'ro; I helped him.**— Truth.
SHE GIVES.
"I wonder if Mabel takes anything for
that beautiful complexion of hers?"
"No; I think she gives something Cor
It-"— The Cigarette.
"Ah! Life is -such a burden."
•"That's true — but we couldn't very well ex.'.st without It.**
MET HIS MATCH. I
"I bought this cane of you yesterday
and you said the handle was genuine
ivory, but I find it's imitation."
"Indeed? Why. I order my goods direct
from Ceylon, but it's not impossible, of
course, that the elephants there wear
false teeth."— Der Floh.
VALUABLE EXPERIENCE.
The Bearded Lady — 1 don't see how she
could marry him. Why, he drinks ter
ribly and is subject to delirium tremens.
The Circassian Girl— It would take more
than that to scare her. Isn't she an ex
perienced snake charmer?— Philadelphia
Bulletin.
BLACK MAII
Johnny— Paw. what is blackmail?
Paw— Mourning envelopes.— Baltimora
American.
Little Girl— I want a cake of swap.
Drug Clerk— Have it scented?
Little Girl— No. I won't have it scented;
I'll take it with me. We only live around
the corner.— Judge.
I tfoiy Joe and the Aieutenant.
j In the early days of the United States
navy the enlisted men frequently grum
bled at the treatment they received from
their officers, but, as is invariably the
case, no one else could abuse their su
periors within hearing without being
called to account, and most severely, too.
One of the navy legends is an incident said
to have occurred in a foreign port. An
English and a Yankee man-of-war were
at anchor in the harbor, and a boat from
the American frigate was tied up at the
landing stage awaiting the return of the
lieutenant it had brought ashore; at the
same moment the chaplain of the British
ship was pacing the stage, signaling for
a boat to take him off. The American
officer at last tacked down the street and
tumbled down the gangway to the stage,
showing the indisputable effects of the
profligate hospitality that had been ex
tended to him ashore, and opened a con
versation with the "sky pilot," in the
course of which the latter objected to the
lieutenant's condition.
"As you are an advocate of water you
ought to live in It. not on it," the Yan
kee thickly remarked, and dealt the chap
lain a blow that toppled him into the
bay.
Of . course, charges were preferred
against the American and he was court
martialed. The nine jackies comprising
the crew of the Yankee cutter were wit
nesses, nnd swore to their testimony with
an Rir of ingenuous truthfulness that
made even the stern members of the court
chuckle inwardly.
"You see, captain." said the cockswain,
the first witness called, "the lieutenant
was on the stage, all peaceable and sober,
where we hauled alongside, when the
.'Holy Joe' hove in sight with a heavy
lirst each way and very much down by the
head. He let fly at the lieutenant, who
dodged, and the chaplain fell overboard,
having lost his balance. And that's all
there was to it."
The other eight men solemnly corrobo
rated the cockswain's testimony, and the
Yankee officer w:i3 acquitted.
Aooking for Revenge.
"I'm looking for that best man of
mine," said the newly married man sav
agely. "When we meet there is going to
be blood shed! What is the matter? Mat
ter enough! Didn'^ my wife and I plan
for two months to have our wedding trip
to ourselves and not be bothered 'by a lot
of grinning strangers who think it funny
to nudge one another whenever a newly
married couple appear on the scene. And
didn't that fool of a best man. just to be
smart, go and upset all our cherished
plans and have us followed around like
a couple of prize monkeys In a dime mu
seum?
"We managed to smuggle our trunks to
the depot without having them tied all
over with white ribbon and other fool
things, and that was victory number one.
Then, after we were married and every
one was waiting on the front porch with
rice and o!d shoes to throw at us and
ir.ake us feel miserable, we manage*! to
slip through the back door and get away
without their knowing it. That was vic
tory number two, and we thought that
that ended It. as we had cart-fully planned
to act like old married folks on our wed
ding trip, and there was not the slight
est doubt about our being successful if
we had been left alone.
"Hut what did that fool of a best man
go and do but wire the hotels where we
intended staying that we had juat been
married ard to rive us the best the
house afforded. Oh. yes. we had a per
fectly lovely time! But when I *neet that
best man I pxr-eet to have a better
time:"— Detroit Free Press. ?-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"Why does Miss Passee object to bathing?
"Oh, it's merely a. matter of form."
TRACKING.
6
"Dfd she lose her head when you proposed to her i&st night?"
"Yes; I found It on my shoulder."
"MAKING BOTH ENDS MEET."LUNAR FOOD
"Mamma." exclaimed a little boulevard
maiden, "they's a new moon."
"Yes. so there is, my darling."
"Tbey's a. new moon mos" ev'ry month,
isn't they, mamraa?"
"Yes, love."
"Well, mamma, w'ere does Dod dlt all
His new moons from?"
"Oh. it's the same moon all the time.
Florence, dear. They just call it a new
moon because it grows dark once a month
and then begins to shine again."
"It bedins jes' a llttlfc bit o' thin moon,
doesn't it, mamma?"
"Yes. dear."
"An* 'en it dita roan* an* fat like a
orange, doesn't it?**
"Yes."
"Well, mamma, Dod masMeed His moon
sumfin* more 'an sunshine dinners to get
'em so fat."— Detroit Free Press.
A WHOLESALE SUPPLY.
Superintendent— I was watching you.
and • observed that you entered but one
house fn the square between Upth and
ElanJX Streets, yet your report gives full
statistics of every family in that square.
Please explain this. sir.
Census Taker— The lady whom I saw in
that one house bejorip* to the same card
clubs as do all the' other ladies- in that
neighborhood.— Baltimore- American.
THOSE YOUNGSTERS,
First Boy— Did you take physics at your
school?
Second Boy— No, but ma made me take
physics at home.— Boston Post
A MILD REPROOF.
I Davie was starding in an open doorway
at the back of the bouse when a doer in
the front part being suddenly opened, the
¦wind swept through, closing the bacic
door violently and propelling the boy with
great rapidity across and on* the porch
into a rose bush. He was scratched some
what and considerably shocked. His face
bore an expression of pain, but not cf an
ger, when he arcse. He looked at the sky.
"My goodness. God!" he said, "don't you
know- it's wrong to slam a door that
way?"— Judge.
WATER!
"Perhaps you can tell me," remarked
the exchange editor, making? another vi
cious iunge with bis shears at the help
less paper he was dissecting, "perhaps
you can tell me how the water gets into
melon?"
"Blamed vine know." replied the an
swers-to-correspondents man.
"Wrong," rejoined the exchange editor.
"They plant the seeds in the spring."
And they didn't speak to each other
again until one of them wanted to borrow
u match. — Chicago Tribune.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Patent Medicine Proprietor— Here's a
recommend for our medicine from a life
insurance president.
Junior Partner— Good ! What does he
say?-
Proprietor— Says fewer of his policy
holders die from taking our medicine than
any other.— Judge. ¦ "*v ,
MR. P.OOSEVELT.
(Features formed from the letters of their names.)
FAIR ENOUGIL
Hoi^ekeoptr — Oh, dear] I haven't a cent
of change. Cut you can ju«t leave a 2i
c«-nt piece and 1*0 pay you to-morn>*v.
Iceman— ! don'l know about that. lady.
Fuppose yi. u ain't got the mony then?
Housekeeper «irnT!gn.ant!y)— flvil. !f I
hav«n'i I'll l^t you take your ice back.—
PbSadelpbJa Prt-5s.
COMES FROM THE WRONG BURG.
"'Roberts of Utah must realize now that
a prophet of Mortnc;:!=iii has r;o hon'ir in
bis own country."
"Hew so?"
"Only the Sultan of the Stilus can se«rure
recognition for his peculiar matrimonial
beliefs Ik re."— Philadelphia North Ameri
can.
The Amateur Pugilist— I'd awful glad you moved here, Willie; you save me
£e .spriTse of a ptznehin' bsig!"
MR. MeKINLEY.
Mr. Burens of America.
**This incident happened to me in the
capital of the Grand Duchy of Luxem
burg." «*ars Sutherland Edwards in his
'"Personal Recollections": "I had just en
tered a hotel, when the proprietor came
ap to me and said:
" 'From the cut of your shirt collar and
the tie of your crural. I Imagine you, sir,
to be an Englishman."
** 'You are right.* * replied.
** 'I have a daughtrr. She is intelligent*
docile, and has been educated at one of
our bfst convents.*
" 'Is she rich and beautiful?' I felt in
clined to ask. for the tone adopted by the
father seemed to be that of light comedy.
I contented myself, however, with saying,
'Your story interests me.' "
" "An unprincipled professor.' continued
the father, '.taking advantage of my
child's Innocence"
•" "Oh, heavens:* I exclaimed.
" 'Has. under pretense of instructing
her in English, taught her what 1 believe
to be Irish.'
" 'You friKhten me*
"'And now,' said the afllicted parent,
'you w?ll perhaps allow me to introduce
her to you. and you will kindly tell me, I
hope, what strange tongue she has ac
quired.'
"Permission accordingly was Riven, and
I was introduced to my host's pretty and
int« resting daughter, who. in reply. to my
qu<sti«;n, told me that the book was by "a
Mr. Uurtns," and was in verse.
•• The doggerel of some new American
humorist.' I said to myself. "What a pity
to give it to such a girl!*
" 'What arc the poems about? Can you
tell me the name of any one of thensT 1
"Tarn o' Shantaire," she replied.**
OUR LETTER CARICATURES.
THE REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ASKING TOO MUCH,
Guest— HI, there, proprietor! There's a chicken In this egg!
Proprietor— Sorry If you're disappointed, but times axe hard and we can't af
ford canvattack ducks In the eggs, sir.
A DOfBLE LIFK: OR. THE VOW IN
THE ROCKY PASS.
Aa. There h*» is— my Aduais— waiting in
«V moonlight for me hated rival, Maggie
<:rutnnhiir.er, wid whom he has made er
date. Bm I will be reversed: When he
BP« me termorrer riding down d*» ave
nue, k»m&s amcr.R de cushions «>f Duffy's
*cr oart. bell realize Ue folly of leading er
double life."
7YES. I look funny without any hair
on my face. I suppose, but I can't
sec out of cither eye very well yet,
although I've 'licked my paws and
rubbed till I'm tired. The paw I'm hold
ing up will be all right in .-i few days, but
I think the tips of tl><; tlawsare burnt off.
It :i!l en me from niy trying to catch a
bitj rod rat that I saw skittilns out of
the l-.ack doorway. It didn't look like a
rogular rat. but I once caught one that
)::td fiillvn into a paint pot. find it was
just about tho same color. This rat was
f>rp< > .;l:ir!jj vr-ry . hnrd, I grueas, for Its
breath Becmed to bo BteamKfg consider^
ably, like the way that a <1or'5 dues when,
Z lip's chasing you round a back yard on a
co!<l morning:.
As roon as I saw that red rat start
down t!ie steps I went after it, to catch
it befcre it pot to tly* cellar! Jit.«t aa [
wauV sprinsrii'tc I" IHe -iir to l'-s''t on It
there came a l>i^ lire right out of It and
a noire like the awfulest bark" you ever
heard.
1 seemed to have missed my guess on
the jump, because I didn't land whore I
ink'iii'od to, and there was an awful
strong smell like when they are shirring:
a chicken; in the piaffe where I landed.
Just then some strange boys came out
ofJjTthe bouse; and though I wiisnVt hurt
i>.\. all. they seemfd to feel awful sorry
for me, and krpt saying "Poor l'ussy,"
tii! I tin;uslit I would go tip t-> them. I
tfcinlc that tht-y Know j<"rnoJlunfr about
tUc red rat. f<:r tjioy k'-nt laujhins so
hard thnt they had a hard time hold
it>FT their hands .steady while thoy life!
Bometlitng on to mr with a string. One of
them scratched a match aud then 1 heard
a Spitting r.oi.se like a cat sa?slng me.
Ji'.-t us' 1 turned around to see what It
wa.;. one of the tilings th;it was tied to
me caught fire,' and there waa a bojag
Ami tlir-n another. I found that the faster
I ran away from the bunging noises tha
tnora they followed me. I ran Into th«»
barn and climbed ail over tho nay. trylnsj
to get away from them, but it was a hanl
time. At last the noise stopped and I ran
out of the barn, as all of the ha7 laimed
to be on fire. I hid out In the orchard
here, and now since the barn burned
down th*r« ian't a mouse anywhere to b»
found, and my feet are too sore to catch
gophers. I think the little boys are sorry
for me. because t heard them crylnjj very
loud ju^it after the barn burneU down.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
HOW THE FAMILY CAT
SPENT THE
IMPERIAL FOURT.THE SUNDAY
CALLTfiR Chinese province of Shantung,
the home of the Boxers. Is. in fact,
a creat island. I-.ong before tbe
construction of the Grand Canal cut
It entirely off from the main land the
Great YHlow River Uloang Ho) rushed
out of the Western Mountains and split
Itself apaJnst the rocky hills of Shantung,
dividing Its waters. One half flowed
north to rmpty into the Gulf of Pechili,
while the other half turned south Into tho
Yellow Sea. Karlier than this the sea
Itself had covered the lowlands, but the
deposits of silt borne down from the rich
plateaus of Shensl and Shansl by the
river have gradually forced the salt wa
ters back.
The location, soil and climate of Shan
tung have been singularly adapted to the
rfevelnprr-ent of a sturdy and virile race,
end the province has been noted as the
home of China's greatest warriors and
pages. The tomb of Confucius, within its
borders, is the mecca of all educated
Chinamen. The province has also been
noted as the place of origin of nearly all
of China's great fecret societies, and it
has long been notorious for revolts and
reditions. It is not at all surprising, when
you know the character of the people and
their history, that the Boxer movement
started In Shantung.
In the eastern part of the province, up
!n the mountains which part the waters
of the Hoansr Ho. lies the prosperous vil
lage of Fel-Cheng, near which the Boxers
murdered Dr. Brooks early this ppririg,
Rt the beginning of this year's anti-for
eign movement. The Boxers were origi
nally organized to prefect themselves
from a band of outlaws who were In tbe
Copyright. 1CO0. hy G. M. "Walker.
*Did Seymour Vake the Worst Sioute to
Peking?
piled by those who. like many earlier Chi-
nese Intriguers, have simply used the
already organized secret society to ac
complish their purposes. It will not do
to believe too much of what Is told of the
rabid anti-foreign sentiment among, the
Boxers. At Taian, right In the heart of
their home country, for over twenty
years a most successful mission has been
maintained, and one of their largest na
tive congregations Is in the village of
Fei-Cheng before mentioned. Neither
the missionaries nor the native Christians
at these points were disturbed.
It seems strange ir the Boxers were
starting out on a mission of extermina
tion that they did not begin with the for
eigners nearest at hand, or why; if they
had overlooked these, that they should
attempt to force a difficult passage north
across the flats and marshes .Instead of
attacking the treaty port of Chcfu or th©
German settlement at Kiaochau, both of
which were near and easy to reach. After
leaving their province, the first point the
Boxers struck was Chen-ting-fu, a large
city lying at the foot of the mountains
near the western boundary of Pechili.
Chen-tlng-fu is an old city and has- one
of the finest ancient temples to be found
in China, with an Immense bronze Buddha
over sixty feet high. The Catholics here
have a large mission, claiming over 30.000
converts, and a fine cathedral. "When th»
Boxers attempted to loot it a pitched bat
tle occurred with the native Christians,
in which the Boxers were beaten with a
loss of seventy killed. The Catholics
claim a million converts all told in China.
Advancing northeast about fifty miles, the
Boxers reached Pang-un«-tu, the capital
of the province, which lies about eighty
miles southwest of Peking and almost 100
no -¦'¦*&' n, • '*-
71/ til the Chinese, Owaiiow Y/jo Gheir
Conquerors? «
The Chinese are a peculiar people and
have peculiar ways of putting down their
numerous local Insurrections. They never
oppose such movements while they are
gaining strength. They put up only a
"Smothering" Foreign Intruders.
The foreign settlement at Tientsin lies
a distance south of the native city and Is
protected by a heavy wall of earthworks
with a ditch outside.
nearer 2.000.000. The PfiJJJ*
K*Ilroad. which runs from **• *£»**£
the river up to th© capital, passes Tien-
Sn on the 'opposite side of the river and
does not cross the Peiho until it reaches
Yangtsun. about eighteen miles above
Tientsin. It was th© destruction of the
bridge at this point which prevented the
.reinforcements from reaching the reUev
ing force that stopped at Langfang. about
forty miles from Tientsin and just halt
way to Peking.
From Langfang the railroad makes a
sharp turn to the west In order to pass
around the ancient royal hunting park
that lies south of the capital. Passing
An-ting. fifty-four miles from Tientsin,
the next station Is Huangtsun. an impor
tant village only fifteen miles from tne
capital. Huangtsun is particularly easy of
defense, as it lies on a commanding ele
vation with th© raging torrent of the Hun
River on one side, while the headwaters
of the Feng and Lung rivers protect the
eastern flank. Fengtai, so frequently
mentioned In the dispatches, is really Qt
no Importance except as being the Juno
tion of the Peking-Tientsin Railroad witH
the branch to Pau-tlng-f u. It was former
ly the terminus of the main lines, though
It was almost five miles from the walls of
the capital city, but afterward, by strat
egy, the Empress was induced to "order"
It built up to the city.
are, they are unable to marshal them.
"When they are invaded they maks only a
feeble resistance, but once the intruders
are well within the country the Chinese
people simply swarm and "smother"
them. They are the greatest amalga
mators the world has ever seen. They
have grown by being conquered. The Mon
gols under the great Kublal Invaded them
and usurped the sovereignty, but a short
century sufficed for the Chines© to ab
sorb their conqueror* and to maks their
country tributary to the dragon throne
Still later the Manchus conquered China
and seized th© reins of government, but
they, too, have been engulfed In, tha ris
ing tide of black-haired men and their
country made Into a province. Neither
shall the modern Invaders of China escap«
a like fate. "While- present conditions pre
vail there tha spheres of Influence claimed
by the several powers 'would doubtless
fall an easy prey to the powers claiming
them, but when they have supplied the
empire with modern facilities for trans
portation then will tha Chinese coma tnt©
their own again and history repeat itselt.
The Chinaman will absorb the outsider*
and if they be- not separated from him
by too wide a sea be will add them to his
empire. "Within lt» borders already dwsll
one-third of the entire human race. Its
half billion of population promises a trade
that is recognized sj» the grand. prUe ot
future commerce. All other markets tads
into Insignificance beside It. It 1» not
strange, therefore, that the powers bav*
been striving by threats and coercion to
bring it under their control and thaX tfcey
have Jealously watched each other while
seeking to secure additional _conoe«slons
for themselves and to-'enlargVtHelr owa
spheres of Influence. One reason that ta«
Chinese Government hu appaxmatly fib*
-.*¦¦ Tv ¦ -
THE SUNDAY OAIX.
habit of plundering them occasionally,
but, as usual with such associations in
China, they soon found It more profitable
to Join hands with their plunderers and
lx> extend their operations.
Plunder the Original Motive.
There can be no doubt that the chief
Tnotive at the beginning of the present
<JpmoTistratIon was the hope of rich
plunder In the great province of Pechlll,
which lies north across the marshy plains
of the Yellow River. The political com
plexion of the movement has been sup-
miles due -west of Tientsin, with which It
Is connected by river. Pang-ting-fu was
the present terminus of the Luhan Rail
road, being built by the Belgian syndicate
from Peking southwest to Hankow, a dis
tance of about SOO miles. At Pang-ting-fu
the Boxers ignored the presence of a large
body of American missionaries, but at
tacked the party of Belgian engineers en
gaged on the road, and pursued them
when they attempted to escape down the
river to Tientsin, finally cutting off and
killing several of the party.
To this point the Boxers held their
forces together, but here they sepm-atea,
part of them following the railroad as it
skirted the foothills at the western edfce
of the plain toward the oapltal at Pe
king, while the others struck east acroaa
the plain toward Tientsin. Tientsin, the
great port of North China. Jias the larg
est foreign population of any Chinese city
except Shanghai. Tientsin lies on the
western bank of the Peiho or North River
at its Junction with the Grand canal,
about thirty miles from the coast. The
population of the native city is usually
given as about 1.000.000. but if the suburbs
arid river population, which really belong
to it, are Included it will be found to be
passive resistance untn tee" movement TntS
spent its strength and shows signs of col
lapse. . Then they Jump on it with vigor.
It is because of this absence of active re
sistance that China has repeatedly been'
conquered- by small armies and by' small
nations. The powers must not conclude
from thjs, however, that the partition of
China -will be a simple matter.
The Chinese are largely indifferent as
to the figureheads who occupy the throne
—but the persistency of their race char
acteristics are remarkable. They know
that they are helpless before their foreign
foes, because, gigantic as their resources
rored the demonstration or tlie Boxer*
Is that It has been hoped that ltmtgHt
afford an opportunity for repudiating
some of the concessions that have been
granted to foreigners in recent year*. Tne
common people in China are peaceable
and hospitable and not opposed to the In
troduction of modern Inventions. It 13 a
sight never to b© forgotten to see a train
load, of Chines© ridlnjc second class on
open flatcars. As the train goes faster
fhelr queups fly out behind while they hold
on to their hats and shout \r-.A laugh as
if it were the greatest sport In the world.
GUY MORRISON WALKER.
P"7"- .Medicine god Is his other name,
and he ia worshiped in Japan and Thibet.
as . i . ap in Chlna >' forming, as it were,
a trinity with Amitabha and Gautama.
His age no one knows, -for his worship
•was In vogue even before the flrBt Chinese
records were made. ' This figure may be
seen In paintings, on bronzes and In the
form of great statues, and he is some
times with eight attendants. As his name
shows, his duty is to heal the sick, and
that he possesses this power/devout Ce
lestials firmly believe.. Not only, .there
fore, do the sick pray to him, but they
also never fall r to toucb/that part of his
body which corresponds to* the afflicted
part of their own bodies, feeling confident '
that In this way the healing virtues of the'
deity will be -transferred fo : themselves. . t
At first MghMtmay Wfm singular that
belief in such gods should have been the
prlmary cause of the present:. trouble In
China, yet • such ' appears to be the fact.
Among the Boxers are many skeptics, but
there are also many faithful followers of
Buddha and Confucius, and these latter
have* long been opposed to the Christiana
in China, since they saw that their relig-
Ion waa directly opposed to their own so
far as the doctrine of ancestor worship
was concerned. For this renaon they have
never ceased, to mock at the Christians.
' They have- nicknamed their, religion
"The Squeak of the Celestial Pig." and
they have derided the most sacred cere-
monies of the Christian church. Far and
v.Mde they have spread a rumor that the
holy communion Is merely a philter,
which makes the people the slaves of tha
priests, and that the latter, while admin
istering extreme unction, avail thtm
selves of the opportunity to cut out tha
eyes of the dying. At one time it was
supposed that only a few ignorant fanat-:
les acted in this manner, but -now it lsi
paitl on excellent authority tr.at a, similar!
feeling of hostility toward the Christian*
has been growing for some time amoncr
educated Chinamen, of whom there arau
many among the Boxers, and that thai
sole reason is because they regard th3
Christian religion as directly antagonistic?
.to their ov/n ancient faith, and especially*
to the doctrine of ancestor worship. '
Whether this worship is idolatrous or
simply reverential is not very clear but
a close study of Prince Uchtomsky's 'book
stems to show that It i* both, though
possibly it may be more idolatrous in one
country than in another. This very aues-i
tion was submitted to the Pope some t!ma
ago. and after much thought he decide!
that the manner in which ancestors wero
worshiped in China savored distinctly i '
idolatry. The result waa that the Catho
lics in that country at once set their fare*
against ¦ it. and the Protestant* quickly
followed their example. .
The truth is. as Prince Uchtorasky savs
more than once in his book there a-e
many features of the Oriental religions
of which the western world knows very
little, and until they are known it will be
difficult if dot Impossible for European*
or Americans to rightly understand fh*
power v.-nirh these religions yet posses--*
over ire minds of the people. Men of cil
ture and influence in China may not
openly pay much heed to the mandates
of Confucius or Ruddha. but there is one
doctrine tl.e observance of which thev
decm most imperative, and that Is th*
doctrine which bids them worship the:."
ancestors, v
It may b<* that the outbreak agsJr?stV« r "
eijmers in OMna would have come in^uiy
case, but there arc many who clarrn that
It would not have come quite bo soon if
the people had not been angered to fever
heat over the religious question.
HERE ARE THE GODS WHOM THE "BOXERS" SEEK TO PLEASE WITH BLOODSHED
10
PROVINCE OF SHANTUNG
WHERE THE BOXERS BEGAN
THE civilized world knows that there
are eleven millions of so-called Box
cit in China, who are insanely hos
tile toward foreigners and who have
tflyplayed this hostility by most barbar
ous act*, but few seem to know the ex
act reason? which have impelled the Ce
lestials to such sanguinary deeds. A3 a
guide lh this direction a book which has
Just been published In Germany and
•which throws much light on the religious
views of the Boxers will prove of service.
The book is. In brief, a record of the many
religious emblems, symbols, statues and
painting* which were collected by Prince
E. I'chtomsky. the distinguished Russian
scientist, during his recent travels in the
East.
The Prince tells us much that Is new
about religious life in China and the il
lustrations which accompany this article
show a few «jf the strange gods that are
•worshiped in that country. Of this wor
ship a cardinal feature is a belief in the
rebirth or regeneration, and another fea
ture, almost if not quite as important, is
the belief that under all circumstances
the utmost reverence is due to one's an
cestor!. Hence among the Chinese del-,
tics is a god of the dead, who is supposed
to safeguard the interests of persons
after they ieave this world, and the.re Is
also a god of hell, whose duty is to punish
the wicked and to reward the pood.
This latter deity, it Is said, was once
a great criminal himself, and on account
of his Bin? he is Ftill bound to swallow a
certain quantity of molten metal every
twenty-four hours. In t--pite of his pec
cadillos on earth, he is highly honored
by Chinamen, since they know that as su
preme lord of hell he can mete out to
thrm cither rtiost dreadful punishments
or most desirable rewards, the latter al
ways taking the form of fortunate re
birth?. •
The two other gods shown in the Illus
tration* are also most popular deities,"
especially the one known as Bhaishaja-''THE SUNDAY CALL.
11THESE men rang . the alarm bell,
which awakened the drowsy old
JJ giantess China from her sleep that
had lasted for ages.
It 13 almost directly owing to them that
the war of the century, perhaps TUB
war of the world has its origin.
Spick and span, in silk, satin and velvet,
here are eleven of the foremost Chinamen
of America.
They are the. lords of a thousand mines,
farms and factories! Their warehouses
line the Pacific. From South America
around the shore line of the ocean to
Hongkong: they have stores in every im
portant seaport.
, It was their enterprise which first car
ried their stay-at-home countrymen oui
Into the wide world and opened their eye*
to the lands which there were for them
to conquer. They Introduced the "Utt'ia
brown man" to the Fan Kill (foreign
devils) and the Fan Kill then reinvaded
China, eager to see the wonderful country
from which came the wonderful little
men.
That Was the start of the mix-up. What
will be the end? '
These are the- men that did It. So say
the Boxers, anyway, for they blame the
Cantonese for the breaking down of the
barrier which isolated China.
They are the presidents of the Six Com
panies, with the man who rules and con
trols even them, Ho Yow, seated in the
middle.
The Chinese are a nation of organizer*
and of co-operators. Ask who is the
owner of a store and you will get a
puzzled look from any Chinese. The Idea
of ownership in severalty never occurs t:i
them. Ask who Is tho head man and It
la the fame thing again. All are equal.
Kach Is a partner; but not only In that
one store. He is, perhaps Interested In u.i
many other stores aa he has partners In
that one. "•"
Among us Americans It Is a* much 03
your money Is worth to put it Into tho
average corporation.
The Chinese are perhaps* not more than
ordinarily honest, but they have lttwa In
their country which are »ur<», swift and
terrible.
WOK UNTO TUB DOER OF EVIL!
No farcical 'trial, with sharp wltted at
torneys crocking Jokes to amuse the
Jurors, when a man la tried for crime in
a Chinese court. No sentence of a ten
dollar fine- for stealing fifty dollars. No
fiu'h thing &s a ytur's free board In a
beautiful Beanide resort with flower
gardens blooming in its sheltered court
yard as rowurd for a fi-lony.
No. The Chinese punishments punish.
With the picture* of tortures such us
are shown on another page, ever before
their minds, it behooves the people of
China to bo good.
That Is why a Chinese feels safer In
partnerships than h« would in business
Alone. One business may fall. Alt can
not. Ills money la aa safe in the hands
of his partner*) as it would be in his own;
safer, perhaps, Lx.-cu.uxe he ntluht gamble.
This la the kind of poverty from which
the people of China seek to be delivered.
It is tempting to the great men of the
Six Companies to see such a condition of
affairs on ono side of the water, and on
the other wages mounting until a laborer
can make as much '\ a day here as would
keep a family for ji month there.
This Is a freo country. Its influence Is
rapidly spreading, until the time will
como when it will be said. This Is a free
world.. And America will have planted
the seed for it. When that time comes,
the strangling paupers of Asia will be
Ire? to roam over the earth without pass
ports or restrictions. Then will the yellow
peril show whether it Is a phantom from
tho brain of a calamity howler,' or
whether it Is a real, tangible thing, with ,
virility to overcome the world.
Whether It Is real or not, though, these
are the men who will lead.
Now they are In a position like that of
the fisherman in the Arabian Nights who
found a cask on the shore and removing
from it the seal of Solomon released a
monstrous genii.
The very people who have been released
are commencing to murmur now that they
are out and to blame not only these men
Who were the head of the movement, but
all of the men of their province as well.
Not only to blame them, but to murder
them by the thousand. For It is not so
much tho Christians who ure being killed,
according to a statement made by llo
Yow. but it is the Cantonese whom the
lloxers are slaying, Just because they
wtro the leaders In the movement to open
China to tho travel und commerce of the
world.
The wealth of these company presidents
and consular oJllcera must be enormous
if the volume of business which they
transact is uny Indication of what they
are worth.
• Little stores of 'some of the members
of tho compuilea do a business of one and
a half million dollars u year In rice alo'ie;
little stores, that you or 1 would not sup
pose were ably to pay their rent, so quiet
und unassuming is their appearance,
it is the cuitbra of China that every
man lias a "wiueeze" on the one below
him. That la a sort of a tax, tribute or
license, whatever one might call it. For
this the e router protects the less and In a.
manner insures him not only uguin*t loss
in hu»lneKH but against trouble* of any
sort which may happen to him.
This system uf "tfUUeeces." which, by
(he way, is u word corned into use by the
Kr.glish In china, has a tendency to keep
the. money always rising to the top, and
the hii;ii»T a man eels the bigger his in
come is sure to be.
Whatever their wealth Is, though, you
may be sure that the Chinese will not
iiouht of it. Tiny are. nut u boastful race
in general, and least of alt about their
uiom-y. There is much wisdom in their
ways.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
Elven Men Who Control Chinese
Population of North America
sea and now the pnor clay nnd tho (taunt
roefca are all that Is loft for them. Tho
devices which they must use In order to
coax the Boll to produce tholr pitifully
meager crops would shame us In their
prnclli.e. Our beggars ask for money or
food; the Chinese bogs for a bit of offal
or garbage that he may fertilize bis poor,
crop-worn farm and raise rice for 1 his ba
bies. The rlet v. Ill only grow under water,
and ho must carry that in buckets from
the river to Mood his wee bit of Held, and
then keep tho water standing over It a
foot deep or so while tho rice slowly growa
through tho drying pool.
But there aro some things tlT»rc? which
aro prolific and yield abundant increase,
and that is the people themselves. They
are the Weeds of the place. The girla
there, as th<> world over, uro subject to 111
no.-y ami aro not as strong or as useful Bit
the bdya. They can not bear the heavy
burden <A carrying water up tho hill and
they arc hot kirn In trade or Commerce.
They c.n r.ot load the strenuous life that
\a necessary In order to enable one to live
jtt all In that fierce competition! So tho
f,Irls are drowned. As it is not always
handy to go to the river to drown them,
the flooded rle<> Mold Is often turned into
a drowning Dpnd.
"Drown no £lrln here,** Is a sign that
has been often seen by travelers, set in
blooming rice where the water was tempt
ingly deep.
It annoys the farmer to come In the
morning and find a corpse In the garden
which must give him his. food supply fot
the coming year, and then he has to
tramp the tender rice shoots In order to
get tho poor little baby out of there.
Such a bother over a girl is too much
for nine.
and enterprise, Is the man In tho middle
of the. picture.
1 To t>0S8<jS8G! what fnw Asiatics attain,
' and that Is nn inttrnatn knowledge of tho
subtle, restless Yankee brain. Mankind
la his xtudy and h<» U never away from
• hiH lesson. Ho possesses that u.ualltlea
. tlon which has evrr been the distinctive
characteristic of great leaders; he per
sonally charms each and every one with
> whom ho tomes In contact and makes him
his Strong friend forever after. '
The names and positions of the eminent
, ChtiH'Fr. parsonages In the photograph are,
, commencing on the left hand side. First,
Won Yuo Hnn, llterury Instructor of the
Six Companies; Second, Tang i'ik Won,
• president nf uu> Hop Wo Company; third,
i Wong Chan Luk, secretary former Consul
¦ Shau Ting; fourth. Chin Wai Kong, presi
de:. t of tho N!iir Yung Society; llfih, Lea
Man Cho, president of tho Kong Chow;
i middle, Ho Yow; seventh, ("ban Dale Cho'y,
. secretary of impeYjal consulate; eighth;
i < »n Tin Rel, president of the Sam Yup
. Company; ninth, Leri Dot l-iow. president
cf Young Wo; t. nth, Cheung Iling i.um,
, president Suey Sing. '.Company; eleventh,
, Kwiin Kwok Chung, president Ylnhol,
, Westward tin; course of empire has ever
. been; now It has readied the jumping off
placo At the very end < f Its dash it mce's
the return current from th_» Or'entul races.
These men nri> the pioneers in what has
i been termed tho yellow peril. They are the
leaders who iiuve opened the way and
blazed the trail yef further to free- their
. naif -billion uf« putlrnt countrymen from
• the misery of life In a land that has been
: taked and scraped as dry as bone. The
I potash and th.e humus are gone from the
soil of China, the forests have perished,
i the loam has washed from the hills to the
ncvo labor contractors was to sny, "Wo
can tako tho tobacco t.> Chinatown, make
the cigars there, deliver them to you, and
In that way savo you tho rent of the large
factory." This won done. Then tho Chl«
nese found that as they were moving
many factories into their own QU&rters, 11
would bo cheaper to buy the tobacco in
Im mentis Quantities and in that way they
could yet it for les.s than the white men
had bron doing. Then they sturted to
make and supply the boxe.'«.
When thlnsrs had got to this condition It
was nn easy matter for the Chinese to
nay to the American, "1 buy the tobacco
and tho boxen, make and pack the cigar.*,
1 might as well biro your drummers now
nnd soil them. 1 will pay you so much fur
the us> of your name. If you do not wish
to fell It, 1 will start a new brand of my
own. 1 have a factory; you have none."
Checkmate) !
Tin- poor American is still around town
borrowing from the ¦ friends of forinor
days, nnd wondering how it all came,
about.
Sort of hard to kco. Isn't it?
Far and wlfje, in gloomy mines. In
poorly seas op in mountain torrents, whore.
the salmon lfap irilb tho vfhoel traps, the
same wonderTuI Chlne,«b nilndH uro work
ins ttylr will. I'atitMitly and bit by bit,
earning every penny they pet, keeping it
When got, they ure creeping; forward.
These fares that you see pictured on this
page, so doep and Inscrutable, are not
blank with the blunknoss of stupidity. It
is tho repose which comes from concentra
tion of thought, as they plan und scheme
each one of the thousand projects that
they aie guiding through the labyrinthine
paths of commerce.
Above ar.d ahead of them all, In brains
and rtritlsh Columbia, whom rich mines
nnd inexhaustible llshorlos waited for the
industrious pioneers who cared to exploit
them.
Now tho men who had boon brought
over here hud nothing, or less that) that,
when they started, nnd It was necessary
If they had less than nothing that they
should pay their debts before lonvlniT
homo. Tho money for this, for their
transportation across the water, and tor
maintenance on thUi side until they se
cured employment was all advanced by
the Six Companies.
They owned the stores at which tho
laborers secured tholr clothes and food.
Take It all In all, they had a vory proflt
nble commerce, Their coolies dived for
pearls in tho bays of Mexico, scrubbed the
bottoms of every stream in the Sierra
Nevada with quicksilver to clean Up the
gold left by careless Americans, and
caught fish to load fleets Of ships, In the
snowy .streams of British North America.
the business ability of these men Is
marvelous.
Tliu world wants to civilise them.
Thp Lord help \js if civilization adds to
their ability. They can already beat us
at the great gamo of commerce, even with
their hands tied by th«V disabilities which
the law |mp68<is on them in not allowing
them to vote or hold olilce.
For an Instance of this, lako the care of
one of the largest elg-nr manufacturers in
San Francisco. The firm had a name
whic h was known all over the coast, and
their /roods sold on their reputation.
They employed white labor. The Chi
nese learned the trade anil offered to do
the work cheaper. The offer was accept
ed and Chinese displaced the men and
girls.
The next move on the part of the Chi-
Chinese Ilk* Rumbling; it excites tl-cir
fclusrKl.sh dispositions.
Tho membora of the Six Companies
comprised nearly every Chinese In
America. In union thore is strength,! The
Blx Companks combined with each other
Kinking one. That Is why they are strong
und why they get rich. It i.i co-operation
on About as large 'a scale as we can com
prehend and It works well.
Their companies are the models from
which our building and loan associations
have boon patterned, for they loan to
members as well us Riving them an Invest
ment for their money.
The golden calf la almost a reality in
China, for tho wealthy Chinese are so
overloaded with gold that they have
Kolden cats for ornaments sitting about
tho house.
To seek an outlet for surplus capital,
the rich merchants of China projected
the plan of assisting: their poverty
stricken fellow citizens to emigrate to
America.
They were whplenale dealers In tho most
plentiful and cheapest of afl commodities
In China — men.
A human life, which we here prize sd
dearly, may be bought there with lean
formality than attends the transfer or a
freehold.
The trade of exporting men to do tho
labor of building the railroads and woik
lng tho mines of Western America grew
until it threatened tho social balance of
our country, and the exclusion and Chi
nes? registration acts wero passed.
Then came a grand tight in which the
Chinese Six Companies pitted their
strength and money against the laws of
the United States.
They won victory out of defeat by turn
ing" their attention to the trade of MexicoPhotos by f?IlsKy.
that is an important thing to be consid
ered, lion would a Japanese lady look
in bristly* fabrics? When you wear her
styles you must obey their laws. That Is
why you must not allow your laundress
to starch your wash kimonos overmuch.
There is a bewitching one in white crepe
upen which fat blue polka dots are- "em
broidered. Blue China silk lines this and
faces It. Lining and facing are always
al£e. Still warmer and suited to Sa«
Francisco Is the white French flannel
dotted In pink and lined with pink fou
lard. Sharp contrasts are the rule, you
know. In Japan.
The more elaborate matinees are, as a
rule, fitted at the back, but here again is
a most elastic rule. If you like a flowing
line down the back have it.. The closer
your garment fits the more you can wear
It outside your own room. These lounging
ifiek_ets. breakfast Jackets, matinees— call
them what you will— are showing them
selves more and more boldly, but there Is
danger in letting them grow Impertinent.
They were, Intended for the boudoir ana
the home breakfast table, and one Is on,
the safe side in not letting them go far
ther. .
If the matinees fit In the back they ar«
usually laid In pleats that V toward the
waist and are caught there by a bow.
They hang full In front, sometimes being
caught in loosely by a belt^ ribbon. Most
of the fluffy appearance is obtained by
trimming the yoke with lace, ribbons or
chiffon or a combination. Ruffle the
sleeves and there you are. Some go so far
as to build a high straight collar above
the yoke, but by the time this Is fastened
the wearer mtist forget that she Is In a
lounging robe at alL A soft turned-over
collar is always more appropriate.
A dressy little matinee and a fairly
warm one is made of pale pink albatross
tucked in the finest tucks. They run
around the sleeve from shoulder to wrist
and they stripe the yoke. The oddest
thing about this garment Is the- yellow
lace that trims It. Pink and yellow have
been tabooed from time immemorial, but
tradition must give ap before such pink
and yellow as these. They, are both so
delicate that they are no more unfriendly
than the little yellow and pink clouds that
Miles Stones
on Road
to Prosperity
Lyman J. Gage. Secretary of th* United
States Treasury, has In his oface the
data for many Interesting stories. Re
cently when speaking of the material
prosperity of the country, he produced
records of financial history that e:npha««
sized the fact that the road to our pres
ent situation has been far from a smooth
and pleasant one during the last thirty,
eight years.
These records show that on January X.
1S62. the greenback was worth 1M cents la
gold. In twelve months it fell 31 per cent;
during the next five months it fell IS pe*
cent, and In the six months following It
fell 49 per cent. In the next half year tt
advanced 29 per cent. Again In six months
It fell 4"» per cent, and In the sama period
following advanced 52 per cent. Ther«
was a drop of 6 per cent in the next ha!!
year, and then It rose 13 per cent.
.' Then It rose 19 per cent In three years.
and stood at S2.4 In January, 1S73. In two
years it rose 11 per cent. la January,
1ST3. It was rated as worth S3.9. Fron*
that year, when the resumption act was
passed, the oscillations were less marked,
there being a general upward movement
to January 1, 1S73, when once more a oca
dollar greenback commanded Jl In cold.
, Rising prices enlarged and extended the>
systems of credit, and in 1S73 the bitter
fruits of artificial conditions appeared. la
1ST2 the liabilities of insolvent debtors
reached $121,000,000, and In U73 ros» ta
J22S.000.000. Including 1S73 and the flva
years following, insolvent debtors owed
Jl^OO.OOO.OOO.
In 1ST3 the silver In a silver dollar would
bring In the market ono dollar and ona
and sis-tenths cents la gold. la 1STC It
would bring S0.2 cents In gold. In ISS3.
85.S; In 1SS3, 72.7; In 1S33. 60.4, and la 1S9S
the silver In a silver dollar woald bring
but 45.6 cents In gold.
These are some of the marks alons; the>
financial road that has led to present con
ditions.
n> against each other at sunse* time.
A novelty developed from the Eton fa<S
Is the short-backed breakfast Jacket. It
comes precisely to the waist line behind.
Just as •your Eton coa.t does, and It la
finished there by a rude. The downward
points at the front aro exaggerated until
they fall in long, flowing tabs like the
corners of a shawl. Don't make one off
these Jackets In a flimsy material or you
can not induce the back to keep a snug
form.
The simple little dressing sacque la not
too light a shade is the best traveling
companion In tne world. It can be bought
ready made for a song or made at homa
for half a3 much. Cotton flannel U ser
viceable and warm enough for summer
mornings. )
Leaf in anything you like— lawn or Gan
nel or brocaded silk — and you can, be as
pretty a picture In this summer's loaf.n-r
Jackets as In any ball gown that ever
dazzled.
DRESSY
NEGLIGEES
THAT ARE
HOST
CHARfMNO.
DAINTY
KIMONOS
ARE NOW
THE FAD OF
THE HOUR,
WE have c^ne to the loaf.r.g tlm*
of the year. The Question Is,
- _ -what to leaf in. The answer is,
what you please.
Tt~.nt if r.ot a piece cf impudence, but
of honest advice. There Beyer was such
p. '.irr.itless choice of matinees as there Is
this summer ar.d If you can't find one
ready mad" to r-uit you. you can design
01 » yourself ar<i. whatever Its cut be. It
Is rare to be accepted.
Kimonos are. cf rourse. the fad of the
I c r. They are to be had in every ma
terial 3T.1I every < olor Ircown to Japan
cr to any ether ra~t of the globe, for that
matter. They are stamped with the seal
of novelty and they are becoming to
everybody. They are as adjustable to
purs*? r? they are to faces and figures,
for the simple little lawns and flannels
come at only two cr three dollars and you
c?.n p" beyond 'hat a= far as you choose.
If you ar<* zolr.g to a warm resort for
your cratlns tt\p best thins to do is to lay
!a a sto«~k cf the lawn kimonos that will
k^ep you cod as a cucumber and can be
washed out as rp.sily as a pocket hand
kerchief. Have you a fair «=kln? <Jet cne
of these, rope-sprinkled organdies then,
made up over rials pink lawn and faced
tack with the fame pink. Have you a
r]fHT brunette jkin ar.rl the eyes and hair
that go with it? Try a plain blue lawn
fa<~e<1 with white.
For p!aTf-5 that are a bit cooler the stilt
kimonos ari matinee* are reliable. Silk
adapts Itself wonderfully to climate, any
way. Foulard is graceful In Its folds and
The Best Way
to Put Out
a Chimnely Fire.
In account? of chimrvy fires it 's com
rr.cn to read that the fire was extin
g-uIfhe'J by throwing Bait dor.n the chim
rey. £a!t Is used because there is lib
erated frcm It when -it oonv-s into con
tact with the fire a gas that within an
Inclosed rpa<-o like & chimney Is very ef
fective in extinguishing fire, says the New
York Herald. Th': primary purpose in
trrrcwir-g salt or anything else down a
chimney Is to dislodge the burning soot,
chfmcey fires betas caused by the igni
tion cf the soot cMriKirg to the Inside of
the chimney. Halt Is used for this pur
pose net alcne because of its peculiar ef
fectiveness, but also because it Is some
thing available for the purpose that can
commonly he found at hand in a house.
It is throwr. down the rhimney In such a
manner that it will rattle down the side
end by Its weight knock down the soot
and eparics cliryir.g to the chimney's In
sldcs.
A bucket of rr.n-5 has been put to the
fame use with good effect, and sim?
t.'m'-s a scuttle of coa! has heen poured
drvr.n th«? ehirr.r.ey. the coal bounding
about frrm *:.1e to hi£e as it dropped and
eo doir.g its work effectively. Sometime*
a trkk Js taktn.from the chimney itself.
ar,d. t><3 to .1 clcthesllce. is hauled up
s.r.C down th* ehirr.r.ey, with the same
result. At the hearth below or at the
bottom cf ttift chimney wherever the
fparks may ia.ll thrre is stationed a man
with a pail of water *.o put cut whatever
fire may drop. Water is net played en a
cblmcey f.re frcm a hose because It 13
ret necessary, and the water would do
xnore d&mape than tl:e fire.
The damage caused by a fire In a ch«ra
r.ey when it is confined there !s nothing
cr nest to nothing-. Left alone, however,
a chimney fire might work its way Into
a building and fo rro\*e destructive, and
therefore, slight as they may be In their
consequences, chimney fires are always
put out and ccmrnc-r.ly in the manner de
ccribed • -
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Choose Hour Matinees to Loaf In
13While Asia has the loftiest mountains In
the world. It also possesses the deepest
and most extensive land depressions, sev
eral of them, as Is well known, sinking
below the sea level, so that if the ocean
could flow into them they would be filled
to the brim. Tn the deepest part3 cf most
of them water now stands, forming small
6eas. Others are destitute of water.
Among these is the Lukchun depression,
in Central Asia, concerning which General
Tillo writes, In the "Proceedings of the
Russian Geographical Society." that in
places it sinks as much as 400 feet below
eea level- This sink hole in the middle of
the largest of the continents is also re
markable for Its meteorological features,
the yearly amplitudes of the barometer
being greater than are recorded anywhere '
else on earth. In summer the tempera
ture rises to Saharan heat, a record of 11?
degrees Fahrenheit having been obtained
In July, while the air is of desert dryness.
"Coming, Sir!"
"And they don't work for pin money?"
"Course not. Why, do you s'pose a fel
ler Is goln* to run his heels off Jes* fur
nothin'? He, works cause he's got to do it
to help s'port his family and buy things
to cat fur the little kids."
Little kids, presumably, are the mem
bers of the family under 10 years of age,
HI, there. Cash! Get a move on you!
Gone to Bleep? What the— Here!
take this bundle over to the dry
goods counter r.r.d be quick about
It. Kurry up. there, now! Scoot!"
And the caFhboy saunters off: at his
leisure, turning to look disdainfully over
his shoulder and inquire mockingly, "Who
are you. anyhow?"
That is the way he does if he Is a very
independent eashboy and doesn't care a
rap if he loses his job. and perhaps ha
will add a wry face to the Inquiry as ha
complies with the order of the clerk. But
he is not always Independent and he can
not always afford to be Indifferent as ta
whether ho loses his job. He is kept
Jumping about and running at the order
of half a dozen people, each of whom de
mands to be instantly waited upon, until
his short legs ache and his whole body
feels like a jellyfish for limpness.
The oaFhboy 1? made of the same kind
of stuff as the rest of humanity and then*
are «« many varieties of him as of peo
ple In othor lines. There is the good boy
and the bad boy, the aggressive boy of the
bully type and the willing, the obedient
¦nd the submissive bey, the boy who
ehirks, the boy who overworks and all
kinds of boys; but whatever species the
cashboy belongs to he is'generally worth
his wage, said wage being never In ex
cess of |13 per month.
"Who Is Cash, anyway?" I asked this
question of a small, bright boy In Weln
etock & Lubln's, and he replied that Cash
Is usually "a kid from 10 to 14 years old,"
who works to support a family or to help
1$ Co It, "en buy groceries an' things."
Some Stores Have
Established
5cfioo(s and
Restaurants for
Their Boys.
Br^rV Root ptp£S
How many smokers know what their
brier root .pipes are really made of? In
one of those valuable repositories of fact,
the Consular Reports, we find some infor
mation on the subject which will, no
doubt, be read with interest. Our Vice
Consul at Leghorn, Mr. Carmichael.
writes; "The wood from whfch brier
pipes are made Is not the root of the brier
rose, but the root of the large heath
known in botany as the Erica arblrea.
Our 'brier' Is but a corruption of the
French 'bruyere.* " •
The brier root industry has had a some
what curious history- First begun In ths
Pyrenees some fifty years ago, it traveled
along the French Rrvlera and the Llgu
rian coast, taking Corsica by the way, to
the Tuscan Marcmma. and has now reach
ed Calabria in the south, which is at pres
ent Its most flourishing center. Leghorn
has always been the center of the export
of Tuscan brier root since the Maremma
Industry came into existence, but as tho
South Italian brier Is of admittedly supe
rior quality, a large quantity of the Cala
biian root Is also imported into Leghorn
for selection and subsequent export.
How the brier root pipe 13 mada Is also
explained by Mr. Carmichael, who says
all the root that comes into Leghorn has
already been cut Into the shape In which
It Is exported to the pipe manufacturing
centers, which are principally, at least
as regards Italian brier, St. Claude, in
France; Nuremberg, In Bavaria, and va
rious towns in Rhenish, Prussia and Thu
rlngla. The roots, which are sometimes
of a circumference of two feet, or more,
are cut Into blocks and then boiled. If
there is any defect in the root which has
not been discovered before the boiling
process the blocks are bound to split
sooner or later.
Brier root blocks are cut Into about
twenty-five different sizes, and three prin
cipal shapes. The shapes are "Marseil
laise," "releve" and "Belgian." The first
two are the more usual shapts; from tho
"Marseillaise" blocks are cut the ordinary
brier pipes, which have bowl and stem,
at right angles: "releve" blocks are cut
Into a shape for converting Into hanging
pipes, and "Belgian" blocks, for which
there is bat small demand, are shaped to
fashion Into pipes which have bowl and,
etem at an obtuse angle. A considerable
quantity of blocks is sent to the United
States of America, but apparently non*
¦whatever to the United Kingdom.— Loa.
' don News.
Poor "Cast)". Is Very 111.
and therefore unable to maintain them
selves or their families.
"They's two little fellers down stairs,"
continued myjnformant, "that's got their
hands full. They're both cashboys, an'
their father's dead. They got a mother
what sews, and some little kids to look
after."
As to his own responsibilities, my In
formant shrugged his shoulders, and put
\ ting his thumbs in his armholes in a busi
nesslike manner remarked that he "wasn't
a-kicking." He and an older brother
looked after a growing family, and he has
a sister that is a saleslady, and could
earn her own living. "People," said he,
"think that the .stores oughtn't to make
us work, and all that, an" they say we
ought to be in school; but I'd jes' like to
know what 'ud become of the folks If we
didn't. Tell you what, we boys aie glad
enough of the chance to work, an' people
don' know what? they are talking about
when they say we ought to be took out
an' put In school."
Mr. Davis, the manager, was walking
toward us. "What sort of employers do
you have?" I Inquired. "Do they treat
you pretty well?"
"D'ye see that man there?" he replied.
"Does he look like he'd be hard on a fel
low? Not much; he's an all right boss;
he's always good-natured and knows how
to treat the kids white. All you got to do
In this store is to tend to your own busi
ness and work hard, and you'll get a
chance to get ahead and advance your
self, if you're worth a cent. An' I tell
you what's good 'bout Welnstock's," he
continued, emphatically, "they know how
to treat y'u right In the hard work sea
sons. They always serve free hot coffee
to the kids out In the lunch room, and If
there's much extra work there's some ex
tra pay."
Evidently this was not so with some of
the stores. There were dubious tales of
overwork, underpay and scant time for a
lunch, that had to be paid out of the cash
boy's ov/n slender pocket; and there were
more tales of a pitiful $13 a month being
reduced to a very insignificant sum Indeed
by fines for the breaking of jelly glasses,
the overturning of a Jug of syrup, the
spilling of a bottle of wine, the damaging
of a bolt of dry goods and other unfortu
nate happenings.
"Why, what d'ye think," said one indig
nant little fellow from another big store.
"One day Bill and me run together. We
wuz both rushin' for our lives, and wuz
both In the grocery department. Bill wuz
luggin' a sack of flour to a truck, an' I
wuz carryln' some wine, and the bottle
smashed an' run all over the flour. Didn't
hurt the' flour, but it stained the sack, and
Bill hed to pay for It. I hed to pay four
bits fur the wine, an' the wurst of it wuz
that when Bill hed paid his $1 10 fur the
sack uv flour and asked fur it to take
heme to his mother they wouldn't give it
to him. They hed sold it ez damaged
goods, an' by rights it wuz Bill's flour,
now, wuzent it?"
There was no denying the logic. But
perhaps the person in charge didn't see it
that way, and that settled it.
Harry Reed, a bright little fellow of 13,
whose 53 a week goes a long way toward
the support of a family of three, is one
of the Emporium's specials. "I'm not jes'
an ordinary cashboy," explained Harry,
as he struck an attitude and posed for the
accompanying photograph. "I'm a special,
you know; I chase with bundles, and I go
out with the boy on the wagon to deliver.
Work hard? Well, I guess yes; it'll keep
a feller a-jumpin' all right to be a special,
or any other kind of a cashboy.' But the
worst about bein' a special," he adds, "is
that you tear your shoes all out climbin'
In and out'en the waggin, and y'u hev
to keep.buyin' 'bout a dozen pairs o' shoes
Mo the month. That don't pay when you're
only gettin' thirteen. Guess I'll get raised,
though, some day. I been there pretty
near a year, and they ought to raise me.
An' besides bein' hard en a feller's shoes."
continued Harry, going bock to the sub
ject, "it's pretty rough on a feller's trous
ers, slidin' on and off'en the seat of the
waggin. Keeps ma pretty busy.mendin' 1
tell you."
For all his fatness, and the dimples in
his checks, the little fellow takes his re
sponsibilities rather heavily, and the
patient mother who is kept busy mending
his trousers often has to wake him from
his sleep and got him started all over
again when he begins to mumble of par
cels not getting delivered on time, of hav
ing to be careful of somebody's new |S0
The Emporium has provided lunch
rooms for the boys, and luncheon may be
had by them for 3 cents per dish— 3 cents
¦will buy a cup of piping hot coffee, a piece
of cake, pie, meat, soup or sandwich, and
those who choose to bring their own
lunch may heat their coffee or tea over a
little gas stove provided for the purpose.
The holiday season Is the bugbear of the
cashboy. Instead of Joy and good cheer,
it means to hfm simply more running,
later hours and a greater rush and whirl.
Late into the night they work, and as the
trade begins to slacken short legs begin
to lag. heavy eyes begin to droop, and
if the floor- walkers are known to be in
dulgent' tired little forms begin to drop
down on boxes and barrels, there to rest
a moment, and perhaps fall asleep, until
the call of "Cash" brings them to their
feet with a stretch and a yawn, followed
by a jump and a run.
Out In the Mission in a humble home
there is a little boy very sick. His name
is Larry, and he is a cashboy. One even-
Ing he came home 111 and was put to bed.
Next day there was a flush on his face
and a whirl in his head. The whirl stay
ed in his head a long time, and the words
he spoke savored only of business. With
a wild jump he would leap from under
the covers and cry. "Yes, I'm coming.
Here, Xed, take this bundle; got to 'tend
to cash. I didn't break that cake dish,
sure I didn't. Mr. Nelson. I didn't break
it. It costs 3G cents? Golly, I didn't break
it. Mister Nelson, it fell off the table. I
already got docked 73 cents this month,
an' sure I didn't break it — "
A loving mother cannot make him un-
The school room Is In the Young Men's
Christian Association building and is run
on the Dlan of the regular public schools.
The greatest trouble of the cashboy Is
his schooling. The managers of the
White House have undertaken to set the
matter right. They have established an
evening school for cash boys and furnish
tuition and all expenses free. At pres
ent the school Is not running, as It opens
up .with the regular opening of the public
schools. Cashboys are allowed to come
from other stores also, and the school was
establish xl by Mr. Well for the reason
that the regular night schools had made a
rule excluding boys under fourteen. Be
sides the usual course of practical study,
there is a special gymnasium night each
we^k, when suits are provided and the
athletic rooms thrown open to the little
fellows. When the school season closed
there were about fifty in regular attend
ance — fifty anxious little laborers who
busied themselves all day with running
errands and answering to the call" for
"Cash," to be seen every evening from
7:30 to 9 poring over books and figures.
Harry has an eye open for bargains,
and the outlay of his $13 per month Is
made very Judiciously. Some day he
hopes to be something more than a cash
boy. "Why, don't you know," he asks
naively. "Mr. Dernham, one of the bosses,
and an owner In the firm, was a cashboy
when he was a kid. and look at him now.
Guess I can do as well as he could, can't
I?"
"Well, ma." cries he, rushlnff In to his
lunch, "what d'ye think. Sugar's twenty
one pounds for a dollar to-day, and I or
dered two dollars' worth, so's you could
put up some fruit for the winter, some
berries and Jam an* things. An* tea's
golh' to be twenty cents a pound, good
tea, next week, ma— guess we'll have to
get some, huh?"
hat, or a mistake In the delivery of a
bundle of coffee.
There Are flanu Hard-IMino Littfe San
Franciscans Who Hefp Support Pami-
Pies With Their WeeRfu Pittance!
Little Larry, out in the Mission. Is not
thinkirg of birds now. Seven days is a
long stretch, and the seventh day with
Its birds doe3 not linger In his mind. It
Is the six others that do — the six other
days with the worry of "a family to sup
port," and the everlasting ami unanswer
able question of "what 'ud the folks do"
If it were not for his faithful a- r istancf.
Cashboys with families to support must
needs think of business, and the little
fever-stricken fellow finds it hard to for
get. Old age comes early to some peoplo.
and particularly to cashboys '"with
families to support." "AN BYXBEE.
Little old men. with business In their
heads, and their only playday Is Sunday,
when they refresh their memories about
more boyish things. On Sundays, If there
Is anything left from the support of their
families, they can go to th» park, the
beach or the Chutes, and If there Is nota
lng left for the necessary car fare they
can' take a string, a Jackknlfe and a
stick, wherewith th*y can climb the Mis
sion hills and catch little birds for sport.
It may be a little rough on the blrd3, but
It serves as a holiday sport for somebody
else that has rough times, too, and things
kind of even up In tue rreneral compensa
tion of things. The bird may play tho
role of the cashboy when he meets the
worm.
Lots of things are. So says the cash
boy. "We have troubles of our own." says
one of them. "but we ain't looking for a
policeman to tell 'em to. "We ain't
kickln'. We're pretty glad to have a Job.
some of us. anyhow, that's got families
to support."
It Is pretty hard.
The doctor looks wise and shakes h!3
head, and «ays that they must manage to
get his mind off his work or It will be
very serious for the boy; then the mother
talks to him and offers him a nice bit
of toast and Jelly. But the laugh in her
voice Is hysterical, and the boy mumbles
and doesn't want the toa3t, or not even
the Jelly, which he Is very fond of when
he Is well.
derstand that he Is not still on fluty, ana
there has been no dish broken. Again hs
starts up and criea out, "Say, there, you.
come on an' help me carry these books
—they're awful heavy; what you want to
make the piles of books so bit: for? I got
to have some help, sure I have, my arm
aches; oh. It aches like the dickens. Ned;
can't you come an" help a feller?"
Sidelights of Cashboy Life
THE SUNDAY CALL.
n n - u T -1.1.1 M ncu zr _,
A Quiet Little Nap After a hjard Day.
14in me uimuu oiuii:m is iiiiyunea, ana cne
volume of these Imports Js Increasing rap
idly, as the constant working of the. soil
makes the use of fertilizers more and
more necessary. At the present time thesa
Imports amount to more than $2,000,000
yearly, although the proportion of our soil
auct among trie precious metais. as time
went on It would rank, as Mr. Atkinson
suggests, even above silver and gold.
Before this point was reached, however,
the rise in the value of the mineral would
cause It to be sought after eagerly in
every part of the world, would lead to the
conserving oi me present source oi sup
ply and to an attempt to find new ones.
Men would prospect for potash with
greater zeal than they now put Into
search after gold. The terrors of the al
kali deserts would be braved and men
would bore for the precious deposits - all
over the burning plains of the Southwest.
At the same time, efforts would be made
to gather the product from the scattered
sources of supply now in existence In
some financially profitable manner. Ac
cording to Professor Dittmar the very
greatest of all these sources is the ocean,
and no doubt the brains of inventors and
scientists would be racked to devise a
means of separating this potash from the
waves. In all primitive countries where
the supply of wood Is large potash Is ob
tained by lixivlation of wood ashe3.
This source would be brought Into use,
and gradually the forest trees and such
plants as nettles, wormwood, tobacco and
kelp, all of which are capable of supply-
Ing potash In considerable quantities,
would be burned to rejuvenate the Impov
erished soil. Men would live more and
more largely upon the food plant3 requir
ing only a small amount of potash for
their growth, and a complete change In
the accepted systvm of diet would result.
"I cannot see cause for alarm in Dr. Atkinson's theories. It is
not unlikely that potash beds exist in this country and that they
will be found. At any rats the Saxony mines, it is estimated, have
a supply of 10,000,000,000 tons, sufficient to last for thirty
three centuries at the present rate of consumption. There ia scarcely
any occasion for immediate alarm." — Professor Joseph Struthers
of Columbia University School of Mines.
To pursue the unpleasant transforma
tion to its final result it Is necessary to
picture a world growing gradually more
nnd more completely devoid of life, farms
barren of vegetation, houses and cities de-
suggestion that with the rising necessity
new methods will be developed for utiliz
ing the potash In the soil Itself. On this
problem the Agricultural Department Is
now at work.
WHY PROFESSOR STRUTTERS ISN'T
fILARMED.
exploit which three companies were form
ed, proved on Investigation to be a ver
tical seam only a few Inches thick.
Although the United States Geological
Survey has made no special attempt to
locate potash deposits In this country,
many of the officials of the department
are confident that the mineral will be
found In quantities In tho course of time.
To these opinions one of the chemists of
the Agricultural Department adds the
speculation in potash as there Is In some
parts of the world In gold claims. # Over
one hundred companies have been formed
In these two provinces within the past
few years to bore for potash deposits.
No deposits of any commercial value
have been found and most of the com
panies have failed. Occasionally there
has been great excitement over the report
of a rich strike, but these have turned out
invariably to be false reports. One strike,
believed to be of great richness, and to
TVhlle the rest of the world gives Itself
little concern over the Question of tha
potash supply, the German provinces bor
dering on Saxony are fully alive to its Im
portance. In Brunswick and Hanover,
where there has been much prospecting
for the mineral, there 13 as much wildcat
bm the centuries roll around. Mr. AfWn
eon believes with Sir William Crookei
and Kcme other eminent scientific specula
tors that the great difficulty, when it
arises, will come In. the form of hunger—
the exhaustion of the world's food supply.
But he docs not believe that this will be
reached through overpopulation or the
taking up of all the arable land. Mr. At
kinson's suggestion, which Is unique at
least, is that the world famine is likely
to come in the form of a potash famine—
through the using up of the supply of
rotash in the soil and the consequent fail
ure of the land to produce food crops.
It is safe to Fay that most persons never
have taken potash Into consideration as
one of the food essentials of the planet.
It If a fact, however, that it possesses
real importance in the production of al
most every fo'i rrop that grows. Potash
1b present in every part of the earth's
«^ruFt. at least in every part presenting an
arable «urface. Soluble potassium salts
are four.d in o.'jantitics In all fertile soils.
The^e salts arc sucked up fcy the roots of
plants and trees, which eagerly scfck them
out as mcoRflties of Ut$. It is a significant
fact that even where soda predominates
in the toil the plants take up the potash
Ealts In preference.
After tnking part In the processes of nu
trltloa end being transformed Into organic
ealts the potasb salts may resume their
originGl form through combustion. There
is a lot:; in quantity, however, and in the
furt. Germany, and that while other fields
equally great may possibly exist they
have not been uncovered up to the present
time.
Practically every bit of the potash used
MR. ATKINSON'S STARTLING STATEMENT.
"
"Where is the potash of the United States and of the other conti
nents aside from Europe? The world now depends for its entire sup
ply upon a single mine in Saxony, and yet there should be vast de
posits of that mineral in the alkaline and salt plains of this country.
If they are there it is the dut7 of geologists to find them. The men
who make the discovery of great potash deposits will confer a
greater blessing upon the world than they would by unearthing all
the gold and silver in existence.
tain rocks. On tilled land there is no op
portunity for renewal in the ordinary
course of rotation. It must be supplied, if
at ail. from large mineral deposits.
This would be a simple matter If these
deposits were large and numerous. Inas
much as potash Is found In almost every
part of the world It would seem probable
that such large deposits would be of fre
quent occurrence. But. as Mr. Atkinson
points out. exartly the reverse Is the case.
In discussing the matter before the Asso
ciation for tho Advancement of Science
last week he called attention to the fact
that the world's entire supply Is at pres
ent being drawn from the mines at Strasc-
case of plants which are used for food or
in the various human arts there Is, of
course, a nearly complete loss. The cause
for concern In regard to the question of
the world's future food supply lies In the
fact that potash Is not renewed In the
manner of some other elements of vege
table life. It Is a mineral deposit arising
through the natural decomposition of cer-
11 "Y VERY now and again eome eden
_/ tlfia investigator, delving deep
I f into the secrets of natural fbrces,
- I has unearthed some menace which
ha? eeemed to threaten world wide
disaster and destruction to the human
race. It would be hard to tell how many
scores cf times the peoples of the earth
have bwn caT.cd upon to face the pros
pect, remote or Immediate, of their own
annihilation. They have been asked to
consider the results which. In some fu
ture cycle, will come from the steady
moling cf the earth's surface, to prepare
for mundane annihilation through col
lision with seme whirling comet and to
Five attention to dozens of other hypoth
eses equally unalluring.
Many of those theories and predictions
r.s :o the final fate of the planet and its
inhabitants have had the weight that
comes from bearing the Indorsement of
The most prominent men In the scientific
world. Thcfe men. reasoning from cer
tain knowledge to plausible possibilities,
have been ab!e to bring so strong an ar
ray r.f facts to the support of their Ar
guments that their conclusions have
gained wide acceptance, even though they
r-rcdicted the most direful results for the
race itself. And yet it usually has been
found that these, computations have left
out of account some apparently insignifi
cant factor that would change the final
result completely, or would place it so
far in the future that it possesses small
Interest for the people of the present age.
The ordinary man. therefore, remains as
undecided as to the flr.al destiny of tha
sphere's inhabitants as was his aboriginal
ancestor.
In the multiplicity of these theories it
¦would seem that the possibilities had been
exhausted, but every now and then a new
deduction Is brought forward to startle
the wcrld. It has remained for Edwaud
Atkinson, the scientist, essayist and po
litical agitator, to develop the newest and
most surprising theory as to the nature
cf the embarrassments which will force
themselves upen the world's Inhabitants
the Famous '
$rjtT.£>panSTpnTst
Thinks That
the tack ¦
of Potash May
Or
Not evsn Mr. Atkinson contends that a
food famine from the exhaustion of the
•notash supply i3 'mminent, but the possi
bilities of such a famine are Interesting
to contemplate. It would come about grad
ually, of course, the dwindling of the sup
ply being accompanied by a steady in
crease in price. The first result, therefore,
would be to place this once humble pro-
requiring artificial stimulus Is relatively
very Bmall. Potash Is not now expensive,
even with the necessity of bringing it
across the Atlantic. The real danger, as
Mr. Atkinson sees it, Is In the exhaustion
of the source of supply when the demand
grows, as it is practically certain to do. In
ever increasing ratio.
Are We Doomed to a World's Famine?
Meanwhile Strassfurt. in Saxony, enjoy»
a monopoly of the potash industry. Tha
business is a trust In the fullest accept
ance of the term, for the various ralr.e*
all are controlled by an organization
known as the Kali Syndicate, and the out
put is regulated absolutely. Under the
terms of a rigid agreement each manufac
turer is allowed to put on the market only
a certain fixed amount of the mineral
each year. In this way the production
is kept down and the prices are kept up.
There is no doubt, however, that the dis
covery of an addition to the world's sup
ply of potash Is a matter of real Im
portance and It Is likely that the sensa
tion caused by the statements of Mr. At
kinson will lead to a vigorous search for
deposits in this country. If such deposits
of any considerable extent are in exist
ence in any part of the country they un
doubtedly will be uncovered before tha
German field Is worked out.
It is reassuring to note that the con
census of opinion among scientists is that
this extreme- condition never will ba
realized. There Is one great principle gen
erally accepted as holding good for all tha
operations of nature, which scientists
bring up in opposition to those who pre
dict a final cataclysm of the- world in any
form whatever. That is the principle
of the Indestructibility of matter. At a
dinner of scientists held in Washington
last evening, at which the predictions of
Sir William Crookes and Mr. Atkinson
formed the leading topic of discussion,
this principle wa3 advanced as the chief
argument against their conclusions. Tha
scientists were confident In their belief
that the potash taken In a thousand
forms from the earth would In some from
return to the earth, and that In some way
the conversion of potash from varied
sources into shape by which It could feed
the soil would come about when necessity
demanded it.
•erted and a race of beings growing stead
ily weaker and weaker and, even In th»
intermediate stages of the chansre. entire
ly different from those who now Inhabit
the earth.
THE SXJKDAY CAIiXi.
15not have told. He heard the whispering
of people awaiting anxiously around the
room, upon the landing, on the staircase.
Suddenly he saw that Lea was : looking
at him. Her regard was gloomy, over
flowing with indignant despair.
She spoke to him. now perfectly lucid.
"V\ hen I am dead," she said. "I ¦ want
you to return yonder, to the light"
"Yes." s=aid Georg, without grasping
what she meant.
"Vou 'understand me? I want you to
go back to Italy— when you returned from
there you wanted to take me away with
you. I ought to have gone with you. Now
I cannot— you must go back to Italy, and
at everything you see you will remember
that my thoughts are always with you
and in you. -And no woman will ever
make you forgct»me? Do you swear If"
"Yes, I swear it."
With her check pressed against the pil
low she was calm for a few moments
without speaking. Then she continued
abruptly, without explaining the thread
of her thoughts:
"I believe at this moment that there Is
another life. \ I havo often doubted It
since I fell ill. I did not believe it yes
terday, and this morning, even. I was
sure 1 was going to disappear complctelv
but now I believe that my thoughts will
remain near you— if you really wish It.
What Is the truth? Do you know?"
Tho moment was so solemn that Geore
had not the courage to lie. He felt the
passionate desire for a hereafter for a
continuance of individuality, that will al
ways torment humanity, and at the same
time, before the dying girl, the mechan
ism of • death ¦ appeared . so simple to him.
so slmple^that the most commonplace
simile described it— a lamp that was ex
tinguished.
"What is the truth?"" repeated Lea.
"Don't 'you know?" .
Hia eyelids drooped as he replied.
"No, I don't know."
He added after a' short pause:
"But so long as I live your thoughts
¦will live in me.- I promise you. I will
go back to Italy again since you desire
It. And in every step that I take, before
everything that my- eyes mav see, your
thoughts will accompany me."
his will into his words, and said: •
'I will not let you die! 1 will that you
live! If you really love me you will live!
* implore you, summon all your strength
think that you will not leave me! 1 give
you all my will! Can < you not feel It
penetrating you? Lea, Lea. I will not let
>ou go! Think that I am here— that I
will never leave you again— that we are
married— that we shall be with one an
other all our lives— I will take you away
with me— yonder— to a country better for
you—yuu know it— to Italy, of which we
used to dream. together! 1 will bear you
away there with me! I will not let you
die! Live! Live for me! Live!"
She murmured In ecstasy:
'"Italy! Italy! You will take me there
with you!"
He unclasped his arms. The superhu
man effort he had made to tense madly
ins will against the impossible had left
him with a pain in his temples, as though
gripped bv a circlet of iron. Lea smlWI.
'1 feel much better," she said. "You
see what a powijr you ¦ have. You have
imparted your strength to me. Oh, if
you really wish it 1 shall never leave
you."
She recovered hope with the astonish
ing faith in lifo that. young consumptives
preserve to their last breath, as it were.
He already despaired again, and felt the
mad belief in a miracle of the will al
ready failing. And each word of Lea,
as she spoke of the future, fell upon his
heart like a drop of scorching blood.
"We will go to Italy together," she
said. "My eyes must see the light when
yours see it. You will take me to all
the places you visited alone when I had
left you, dearest. You hear me? I want
my. feet to go where yours have left their
trace. Do you promise me?"
"I promise you!"
She continued in a marvelously clear
voice,, almost her voice of former days,
stroking Georg's face as she spoke:
"I ought to live so that our destiny
may be accomplished. It is onlynow that
I begin to understand life. And I am
dying? It Is not possible! I have found
the truth now. I am free, yet I belong
to you, and it does not appear contradic
tory to me, Georg,: my dearest! I have
freed you and you have freed me. Oh!
Tinka had arranged all the details of
tho tuneral, had outalned tne necessary
authorizations, and had tieciae.il about tne
stone and t,he epitaph to De engraved upou
it. As tor Ueorg. perfectly uicapubie of
aiding her, he remained snut up in h:a
room, living with the memory of Lea. No
one save 'linka hau -seen mm since tr.e
uay the* cohin had been omi.c away from
Dartmoor House.
Nevertheless, the life of the household
had resumed its Inevitable soothing coursa
around the vacant piace left hy Lea.
'iinka had begun to write again with in
creased fervor, as after eveiy crisis iliac
stirred the depths of her sensitive nature.
She wrote in the yellow drawing room,
haunted by the image of the dead girl,
and careless little Ida again took her pia.ee
at her feet, imitating her mother's move
ments of reflection . or industry, while
Carola again went with her father in his
excursions about the neighborhood. The
captain. Mrs. Morley and Lizzie performed
their accustomed tasks. Kverything be
came as befpre except for the presence
. of, Pirnitz, Edith and Frederique. But on
the seventh day after Lea's death Fred
ertque and Edith were to take the train
for Portsmouth, where they were to em
bark upon the steamer Xlmrod for Aus
tralia, and Pirnitz herself was to leave
the following morning for Paris.
It was five o'clock In the afternoon. The
day. like all those that had succeeded that
frightful day, was bright and warm. The
sun was setting behind the low hills of
Paignton. in front of Dartmoor House.
Leaning upon the balcony. Tinka. dressed
in blacK, which accentuated strangely the
paleness of her face and fairness of her
short hair, was contemplating the mother
of-pearl sky, the deep blue sea and the
distance in which the purple evening mist
was already gathering. And, above all,
she gazed at the red rock, Lea's tomb,
which was very distinct just -then, at
the approach of evening. Little Ida. with
a black belt confining htr white dress and
a black velvet ribbon binding her hair,
was standing beside her mother watching
the swallows wheeling around near tho
end of the neighboring pier.
Before the door the captain, in hla shirt
sleeves, pulling and blowing and perspir
ing, was fastened two trunks and several
portmanteaus upon a handcart that had
• been brought from the station by a port
er. The captain entered the house, snort-
Ing, and glancing up at the balcony with
his air of perpetual anger. Then the pale.
Insipid features of Lizzie appeared in his
•place. She gave some directions to the
porter and put a little money in his hand.
Then she also entered the house, and
the porter, with the handcart, went away
along the quay V7ith the luggage of Fred
erique and Kdith.
/Tinka again became absorbed In the
view of the horizon, more and more em
purpled and enshrouded with mist. -She
was dreaming so profoundly that she did
not hear Lizzie enter the yellow drawing
room and quietly and actively begin to
lay the white cloth upon the round table
and arrange upon It the teacups, butter,
cake, cream and honey. Ida tugced at
the skirt of her mother's dress and said:
"Mamma! Tea Is ready."
The young woman turned away from the
window and entered the room. Pirnltz
was there already. She was holding lit
tle Carola by the hand and conversing
o , ¦ . ¦ • .-¦ f~~Z^
viie ga'.tnij Jiir oj ihe Jimny
Ajierncon Caressed Jkeir
J\;o Faces.
.icy rrom time to time rrsxea ior news.
l*Vederique wept m silence. This death
scene toiiured her more man tho death
of her poor, humble mother had done for.
meriy. liow had she remained so tirm,
almost cruelly lirm, before the 'death of
Christine Surier? All! at that time she
haii faith In life! The ardor to construct
u great work fed and kept ulive aflame
of pride ssr.d hope, even in the depths'
of her grief. Hue now. in the twilight
of her apcstolic fervor, she relt over
wheimtd oy the weight of iier j?rief. "Lea
is dying! Lea is rtyiuK 1 ." The tuought op
nresscd her. Siie remembered ihe Lea of
old. forgot recent months wherein their
love hao s.cffitd Id wither, and recollected
only ihelr years of. communion and per
fect affection. Lea's words a few mo
ments before had been the charm that
revived a past epoch! She cou'.d not dis
miss this Image— Lea; in her baby's
i-radle. and =ih»-. Krederique, standing
?.ear lior In her long black apron, watch
ing the budding thought anu':wSnnlng it,
so to speak; at Its very source; Lea, a
growing girl.vslender and tall; In her prin
cctss frt-ck. her light bronze hair falling
around her shouiuers; Lea. curious aim
gay, quick to anger, but dominated at a
single glance from her sister; Lea, work
ing at Duramberty'a drawing and color
ing designs tn her special studio near
i-redcrifiue's office!
A certain spring afternoon in May arone
in her memory— why that rathep than sii
many others? It was three, o'clock. The
windows were open, admitting gusts of
tuliry air, and the birds were singing in
the trees upon the vacant plot of land.
Frederique saw herself again; sitting in
her office at the factory looking at her
sister through the open door, saw Lea, In
a gray blouse protecting hc-r mauve cloth
(ires*, standing before her drawing board,
bending 1 backward a little to judge the
effect of a lint. That necting scene rep
resented all the happiness of which their
two lives had Lten capable. ".Mamma
was alive then! We used to return to
gether in the evening to dine with her.
We did not know Romaine then!" She
raised her eyes to the apostle, and imme
diately, in spite of the bitterness of her
Krief and her obscure regret for a time
that was r.o mure, she perceived that
she still belonged to her. that though she
might suffer and witness, those whom she
loved suffer, she would still prefer that
her own life be wrecked, her heart wrjjnpr,"
if- Romalne onlj said. "It is well!" She
thought. "All these things had to he! Ro
maine knows the truth, and i will follow
the truth, which she has taught me in
spite of all! Only I cannot go back to
Paris to live in the house on the Hue de
la Sourdlere and try to cultivate sterile
soil. 1 would rather go to tho end of the
world and expend my efforts for youth
ful civilization. I will so with Kdith,
Romaine will approve my decision!"
"Please, mum! I beg your pardon!"
A boy in a blue apron, with a smooth,
ruddy face and flaxen hair, covered with
a llttl*' round cap. clambered up the stair
case two steps at a time, carrying at his
elbow a basket covered with a napkin.
An odor of milk was left in his wake as
he ascended to the second floor, greeted
by th« "Sh!" of Lizzie and the servant.
It was the milk boy bringing the eggs,
hufr .and cream for luncheon.
"Noon!" thought Frederique She could,
not have said whether the day had ap
peared long or short to-her. Minutes and
hours no longer existed for her. She was
beyond the limits of life, in a nightmare.
The mill: boy. in his blue apron, came
down again, making an effort to appear
penitent. Then Dr. Bryce arrived again.
He seemed gloomy and somewhat embar
rassed np he asked:
"Well?"
Tinka repRed:
"Thcro is no change. She Is sleeping, I
believe,"
lie went into the room. Then absolute
silence again fell upon the staircase— a
silence so profound that they heard a fly
buzzing against the imitation stained
glass window. At the end of a quarter
of an hour the doctor came out again,
followed by Edith, her face swollen by
weeping.
They questioned him. He shrugged his
shoulders. '
"She wants to be alone with her hus
band. What does It matter? No one can
do anything fur her now!" /
The curious young man went down two
steps of the staircase, then stopped for a
moment before continuing on his way, and
eald:
"Those among you who believe ought to
begin to pray."
Lea had insisted upon -being left alone
with Georg. and Bryce had made a signal
to Edith to go out with him.
The invalid was suffering from an ac
cess of fever. Her eyes were extraordin
arily brilliant, and the flush that marked
the upper part of her cheeks like a double
spot of rouge accentuated the fleshless
ness of her visage.
She waited until Edith and the doctor
had eone out, and when the door was
AND what about Germaine?" she
2.sk0d.
"Germaine teas Bet at liberty
four days ago." replied Pirnltz.
"Daisy wrote to ttil me."
"Oh! vou received the news, and «ald
nothing to me about it? Well, where Is
Germaine new?"
"Thanks to Professor Richardson, the
poor child bu been placed In a private
ma<Jhcus3 at Net;illy. where she will be
r/.jrf-cd until the doctors are satisfied she
cured. But f-ho lives with Dais=y alone in
a little iiincx."
"And who pays the expenses?"
"V\> recovered tho 10,000 francs that we
had dcpo?:it-d as security."
Lea asked nothing more. She had
placed her lip^ against Georg's strong
hand. One would have said that she
clurg to him, afraid of being recap
tured "ry l'!ri!itz anJ Frederique. The
minutes passed In «n uneasy silence.
Finally Lea continued:
"So Palsy i^ no longer with you. H't
mair.e. to help you in the new school that
vou are planning?"
FtederiQue's heart felt all the pain that
the divined iirnitz's heart suffered at
that question. Lven tho apostle herself
was tremulous with emotion. She re
plied:
"No one can answer for the future. But
I thirk that Daisy will never Jeave Ger
main" n-rain."
Apnin tho faint, aliacst ironical, smile
flickfr^d upon Lea's lirs
"And Mile, de Salnlc-i'arade?"
"She U <]<a-i. Frtd.rique, with Maria
Ht.c Sister Odile. followedhcr to her last
res I'.r.g p]are In the Cers."
Without •raiting tor a further question
Pirr.itz adtiod quickly:
"Maria lias Flopped in her native place
and Sister odile lias returned to Thann."
•fco, ss .-. matter of fact, there is :io one
with you row. Romalne."'
"There is FredcrtQue."
•'Oh!" replied Lea. whose voice wns
gradually becoming stronger and seemed
to 1 -i* use.! «tth greater case, "will Fred
erlque remain with you long?"
Tl:e apostle an.i Frrderiiiue exchanged
a glance. l.f;i's words probably agreed
*:rar.pely v.ith tho conversations that they
had held tCS*thcr. for the young girls
eyes Oiled with tears. 1'irnitz simply bi>
came a little paler. She said:
"We hive iii! P"ne through great trials,
Lea. We must put cur pity and affection
together and not arm ourselves one
agair.st another."
A sadness that «a.< so touching, a dig
niftod appeal for pity w '«* st) evident in
Pimitz's words tiiat Lea. in spile of her
c£oi:m:i. was Louched by It.
"It is true." s-he said. "Forgive me if
1 heve- caused you pain. R< member. 1 am
the mr.t-t wretched of all poor Mile, tie
Sair.tr-I J L:rad<"s companions. The others
v/ill live. 1— I thould like to live now that
I perceive the truth."
Georg half rose lo his feet and hurled
his lips :;¦ !yta".-s hair.
"Don't talk! tloifl talk:' »:e signed.
"You are going to pay t'.ilnss that will
pain i"s both!"
¦.Mv/un.-i." raid L*a. Uissir.g her hus
bard's eyes.
Frf-^erique. Pirnitz ruid Edith were
wcrpli.s.- Kcr a little time not another
•word w;'s">v>.',krn. The light grew strong
er pI«.v.-;>- t-.-.fi the early morning sunlight
was r.ovi pcuriiij In. through the windows
cf the yf!!ow muting .room.
\a:\ continued: •
•"1 sf-o tbe truth. We have longed for
ti-.o impossible. Ittr.'.uir.o! 'A'c have tried
to accoxcpliEh the Impossible. Prederiqne!
H<".w could we believe for a moment that
we could remain united against men. that
•*•<= muM triumph over them? How could
1 f\cr believe thui 1 could live away from
Georg? I ?r<> th* vanity of all that we at
tfmMto as clearly as 1 see that sunlight."
•T>o you regret having attempted it?"
asked I'irnitz.
lea remained a little time withr.ut re
plvir.?. Th^n. half closing iier tyes, she
63i'1:
•Xo."
"Ycu Fay that what »•<¦ attempted was
cr>t realizable?^ continued Pirnitz. "Very
«rell! Perhaps what we shall attempt later
v.ill he! One Ihing is certain, that Is. that
lik^ uf. a: feeble as v:c are. will
recommence our work one day and will
Fucceed. Those women who will succeed
¦rhere we bane faik-«j will not havr the
guarantee of success In their hands when
they begin any more than we had. They
will wa'k. as we v.alknl. In darkness to
ward tho light wl:i<h they divine. As we
v.ero o.iliod. it was our duty— yes. it was
our <1uty — to <lo what we have dono. And
those amen;; us v.-ho still remain must
continue the work. What woman can be
a?s>;r<-'f1 that her lorErins for emancipation
will aluny? remain vnin? Kach of us. In
this uncertain nn<l fecund epoch, ought to
hnpp. Ukr ihr- Jewesses of prophetic times,
who whrn thfir infant stirred in their
trembled with the joyful hope that
It T.<-:jifj b#- thf Messiah.*:
Pirnltz's voice rose firmly in this death
chamber, whence suddenly, by the mere
Ftrcngth of the word, she seemed to have
driven away all the hideousness and ter
ror of death. The eyes of Geonr. Fred
erique and Edith were no longer filled
with tears. Those of Len. and her very
countonar.ee. lest their expression of irony
and bitterness. She called aloud:
"Romaine!"
Tho apostle drew near her.
"What Is It. dearestr*
"Nearer! Come nearer!"
With her face pressed against Pirnltz's
r>ale visajo, the Oying woman murmured
in such a low tone that only Pirnltz heard
her:
"Don't be angry with me, Ttomaine! I
caused you nain a few moments ago, and
I did, it purposely through a cruel im
pulse. There are moments when I feel so
evil! Don't condemn me! It Is so sad. so
Fad*. I cou'.d have been co happy— and
then— you utiderstand me? You will al
*"8vs love me?"
"Yes. dear I/*»a."
"I v.-r,uid also like 'to speak to Fred
crique." .
Upon a sign from Pirnltz, Frederique
approached. Goorg went and leaned his
forcucad ajjalnst th«s window pane, and
Pirr.itz led Edith Into the pitting room.
"Fit down there." said Lea to her sister.
pc!r.tir;g to the chair that Georg had Just
left.
Ehe took her hands.
"Listen to me. Don't 6peak and don't In
terrupt me. I have not much strength
left: All night long, half sleeping, half
awake. I thought of our childhood. I saw
you again as you wciie when 1 becan to
understand things around me— In your
lor.g black cpron. with your black eyes
arid hair — standing near my little bed
looking at me. Did I dream that, or is It
true?"
"It is qult«» true. When you were little
I watcSicd you many a time like that. It
Feeroed to me that I could follow your
thoughts as fast as they were formed."
"Yes. And I saw everything through
your eyes. Fcdi. Tou won both my
thoughts and my -heart. The love that I
felt for you was incomparable— It was not
even to be compared with the love I have
for Georg— It was not the same thing, and
yet almost as great, almost as 6trong."
"Oh! Lea." flghed Frederique, "have I
loft ycu entirely? Do you not love me at
ell now?"
"Yes— I love you— now — Jo-day— ever
rlnce I saw you last night standing again
beside my bed iu ycur long black apron—
you were so gentle with me, and you
never sought for anything save my happi
ness. It Is not your fault If" —
She did not 6ay what was not Fred
erlqi>B fault. The elder's tears, which
sbe could no longer restrain, gushed forth
over the pillow. Lea continued:
"Yes. dear Fedl. I love you. Some time
ago I did not—when I was in such suiter
ing In the 1io*pital— and even after I was
with Georg again. 1 accused you— it was
very absurd. I know — I accused you of be
ing the cause of all my sufferings. But
now I see the necessities of r.iy life more
clearly. I ; aai so s!ad .that you are near
me. Give me fonic of your courage- I am
In such grief."
They embraced with their old affection.
"I am 'in such grief! I want to remain
to remain with Georg — 1 want to live for
him! Only live years, like little May
Bpdson. who occupied the bed next to
my own in the hospital! She enjoyed five
happy years with her lover and did not
tare about dying! But I. Fedl, I. who am
so young— is ¦ It not terrible to go away
just at the moment that happiness begins
for one? Feili— I implore you!— save pie!
When I was little and you watched be-
Fldc- r.iy bed, you would not have let me
did" *
Her voice rose, then died away in a sob.
Gcorg nr.j to them and the anxious
countenances of Pirnltz and Edith ap
peared at ih'e door. Lea became calmer
gradually. When she had resumed her
accustomed position, lying on her back
with her head against the pillcw, she
murmured:
"If I were In Paris they might perhaps
be able to save me. Don't you think so,
l r efli? Perhaps a grcnt specialist liku
tibuchardo'n <-n;iid save" me; but It is not
possible to lake rr.<? to Paris, is It?"
Not |ust how." Frederique replied.
"When you are better. '
Lea looked at her sister. ano» the hos
tile smilo\of a short time before rcap
pt-sicfl in lier J»yes.
"1 want to be alone with Georg now,"
she- Enid, coldly, "until the doctor comes."
They ol eyed her. The- doctor was not
long in coining. IMith and Gecrg wer*
the- only ones present during his visit.
When Dr. Bcycc tome out Tinka and
Frederique inel him up on the landing. .
"Well"." thej afk^tl.
"She is very weak. Be brave. It Is the
end. All is t over."
They asked nothing mere, and he went
away hastily down tl.c narrow wooden
stalr-.-Tse. Ti'ika seized Freckrique's arm
ia the gloom and said:
"The end?" He said it was the end! Can
It be possible. Frederique.' Can you be
lieve that Lea is dying'"
Sh<» iV.sed S:er pale green eyes to the
somber ryes of the. young girl and clasped
her little hand upon Frcderique'." arm so
tightly that the girl's flrsh was bruised.
Ami among all the dreadful moments of
that f-ariul week she v.-;;s to carry this
one in her memory forever, with such
trivial accompanying incidents as the
sound of LJrycc'-s footsteps dying away in
the distance, the im;;se of the s:aircase
carpeted with common matting, the imi
tation stained gliss window, through
which the- sunlight played and cast rosy
hues upon the wall,' the little woman
with short, curly hair, a doll-like fact
agonized by anxiety, her beautiful eyes
clouded with terror, the tone of her voice
saying. "Can it be pjss.b'.e?" and the vise
like crip of the Blender fingers upon hii
forearm. Tinka'.s words had only a con
fused meaning for Frederique. but they
awoke lev the first time in her mind the
Idea of :i ".vortd without Lea— that' pre
clpvs *oul extinguished, vacancy, death.
They heard the faint sounfi of articles
being moved in the next room and of j
footsteps. Tlie uoor opened? flooding the
landing with a sudden burst of light.
"Lea v.ants to see the little ones," said
the- nurhe.
"My uaushttrs?""
"Yex. Ida and Carola. She complains
that they are no longer brought to sec?
her. Are they here?"
•'yes. they are there." paid Lea. in her
feeble voice, calling from her bed. "They
were laughing upstairs a few moments
ago."
"I will go for them." said Tinka.
Fredf-rique rt -entered . the ruum. She
was struck by the- change In tier sister"*
features, which she had not seen for an
nour. Her entire countenance seemed
pinched aiid thinner.
"It Is absurd!" she thought, "duch an
alteration cannot hiJve taken place in an
hour. I am terrified by the words of
Tinka and Dr. Brice "
Hut Lta said to her. almost harshly:
"The doctor told you that all was over,
did he not?"
Krederique tried to make a gesture of
denial.
"You see!" continued Lea. "You cannot
say no. Ycf; it is tinished'-k is finished!
Is it not strange? Before he came 1 be
gan lo have a litt'.e hope. The sunlight
gave me the illusion thfet life was recom
mencing for me. But all is over! All is
over!"
She repeated this Iiitterly and each time
there was n tob in her voice s-j heartrend
ing that Krederique cculd no longer con
trol hersclt and fell into a chair in tears.
She hid her eyes with her hands. She
longed to hear nothing more, but she
could not shut cut the sound of Lea's
gapping "respiration mingled with Georg's
muffled sobs.
The two little girls appeared, pushed by
Tinka. Frederique then raised her head.
Ida came in ¦ first." quite "serious [h her lit
tle check print frock, her hair tied with
a ribbon, her slender nostrils quivering at
the acrid odor of the sick chamber. Car
ola followed, clinging" to her mother's
<lrc£*. Lea rose In bed slightly to greet
them. She kissed Ida, stroking her blond
hair. The little one. quite pale, remained
moticnlcsK. wat<!hing Lea Intently. Then
Carola came, in her turn, and held up her
cbeekl placidly.
"Dear little ones!" murmured the in
valid, contemplating them as they stood
Kide.by side at the foot of the bed. Car
ola with her eyes downcast shyly and Ida
trembling and the pupils of her eyes di
lated. "Are they not adorable, Georg?
Happy Tinka!"
A sigh made her bosom heave. Georg,
Tinka. Krederique. and even Edith divined
her grief at dying childless. But suddenly
Ida burst into tears and piercing screams.
She took refuge against her mother in a
sort of tens* nervous paroxysm, sobbing:
"Take me away! Take me" away!" Car
ola. seeing her sister in this state, also
began to cry. and they had to be led away
at once, for Ida seemed about to faint.
Frederique followed Tinka out of the
room.
"I frighten them," moaned the Invalid.
And, letting her head fall back upon
the pillow, she closed her «yes.
Alone o»!ce more with Georg and Kdith
she said n«i more, but appeared to sleep.
Georg remained sitting motionless at tne
head of the bed. Edith was kneeling out
of sight of the moribund and praying,
her kindly, 'puffy. -rosy face transfigured
by the ardor of^fier faith. But her lips
let no sound escape from them. The
silence in the chamber was so complete
that the crating . sound of Lea's every
breath could be heard. The sunlight now
filled the yellow sitting room. Georg lis
tened to Lea's respiration and the hor
rible truth seemed to stun him like a blow
from a club: "She la dying!— dying!" And
it hypnotized him so strangely that he
did not know whether It were his wife
or himself who was dying. He looked at
IJea's fingers, lying on the counterpane
at the end of the flowing sleeve of her\
night dress and thought: "Those fingers
are alive now! A mysterious power ani
mates them and stops victoriously the de
composition of the flesh!— And shortly!—
shortly!" .
Wild loving; yearnings thrilled him, like
the palpitating paroxysms of pain that
shake those suffering with disease of the
spinal marrow, and left him paralyzed and
helpless.
A confused sound, made up of creaking
and whispering, reached Georc's ears
"You are to good!" iho »ald. "I love
you!"
Their llp» met. In pplte of their grief.
in spite of the' deadly shadow already
gathering in Lea's eyes, It was again the
, kiss of lovers. When their lips separated
' Lea said:
"Give 'me some strength again, as you
did a few moments ago!" '
• At first he did not understand her. fane
showed a little, impatience and insisted.
"Take me in your arms again— speak to
me in my ear! Impart your strength to
me!"
He obeyed her, and said again:
"I want you to live— you must live— take
my strength— all my strength— I want you
¦ ' —
And he hypnotized himself, began to be
lieve again and to hope In the accom
plishment of the impossible. It was Lea
who gently pushed him away.
"Listen to me," she said. "You see my
"white dressing robe— there— hanging on
the hook near the door?"
"Yes."
He "went to the door and touched the
flannel robe trimmed with lace.
WherfshVha'fUt in her hands she sat up
in bed with an effort tha: made her lace
contract. Then, looking at Georg. she
said:
"I want to get up.'
He thought she was delirious. But she
""Yes? I'want to get up. Oh. don't refuse
me. I pray you! You will regret having
refused me afterward! Help me! wa
call for any one. I pray you! I can do it
with you. 1 am sure." - !"- -
She freed herself from the sheets with
a sort of despairing energy and threw
back the counterpane. He helped her to
put on the loose white garment above her
long night dress. He placed her slippers
ready for her little naked feet.
"How thin my feet have become! she
murmured. "They were so strong, were
they not? How they walked to follow
you! Don't you remember?— in the London
parks, and even here in the country and
among the rocks."
She Bpoke with an awful air of resigna
tion. Leaning upon Georg's shoulder, she
raised herself, but immediately fell back
ward, exhausted, half-lying down again.
But she gasped:
"Don't call any one! Don t call. I be
»eech you! Let us remain alone together—
if you love me."
He acceded to her desire again. At the
end of a few seconds she recovered her
strength and clung desperately to Georg's
coat. He sustained her. half carried her.
With nor right arm stretched out she
pointed to the windows of the drawing
room.
"Take me there, there!" she said. I
want to- see it again; I want to see the sea
and the city."
Was she wandering in her speech?
Georg did not know. but. as If his body
had been animated by the will of the dy
ing woman, he did what she asked. She
walked, leaning the whole of her light
weight upon him. When they arrived at
the window she placed her forehead
against the panes. Her hair, hanging
loose, fell over her shoulders, and Georg
felt its odor awake in him the insatiable
longing.
She turned her anxious eyes toward him
and said:
"Open the window, open the window! I
want— the City!"
She clasped her fingers B«<spasmodlcally
upon the window catch without succeed
ing in opening it that he obeyed, her. fear-
Ing to see her fall to the ground struck
down with the effort. The baimy'air of the
sunny afternoon caressed their two faces,
pressed one against the other.
•"Uh.it is ufciiciousl" said Lea.
She smiled, enchanted with the view.
The sea stretched oefore them, calm and
smooth as upon <he day when they had
gone to Gilder Kock. glittering silvery
white under the sunlignt. A tew sails
were outlined near the horizon, and the
little boat for Paignton, Hying along in a
ray of light, shone like a big star upon
the surface of the sea.
Lea became anxious.
"The City?— where is the City?"
Georg showed her Torquay, sleeping in
the sunlight, with its villas, verdures, ho
tels and monumental causeway.
•'Why. no!" she said peevishly, like a
Child to whom a plaything has been re
fused. "1 want the City— where we went
together— where I loved you "
She bent over the balcony scrutinizing
the sea upon the side opposite Torquay.
Gilder Rock stood up in Hood like a slen
der boundary mark.. But the line of the
horizon was drawn in blue with absolute
distinctness against the paler sky, un
broken by a single cloud.
"The City?" repeated Lea in a plaintive
voice. "Where is the City?"
Then, as if she understood at last tha
vanity of her desire, she turned abruptly
toward Georg and cast a profound, de
spairing glance at him. A deep sigh
shook her frame, then two more rather
febleer ones. She put her hand to her
mouth, made a gesture as though suf
focating.
'"Lea:" cried Georg.
He perceived that he was supporting a
rigid form in his arms; blood was trick
ling between her lips.
"Lea! Lea!" .
The door opened. Footsteps hurried to
ward him. In a sort of mist Georg saw
around him the big. blue eyes of Hocdcl
encircled in their gold rimmed spectacles,
t'.e terrified faces of Frederique, Tinka.
Edith
CHAPTER V11I.
Lea had been dead a week, sleeping face
to face with the sea. in tne piace that
she had s-elected for her last abode and
where -it had been her destiny to be made
a woman in a superhuman effort to at
tain the conjugal equality of the future.
She was sleeping fac to face with the
sea. reclining as at the moment of that
initiation. A reddish stone, torn from tho
rocks she had climbed with Georg. covered
her body, u horizontal tablet, bearing a
cross cut into it. Below this cross were
engraved in the Finnish tongue the sirnpio
¦words:
with Professor HoedeL Tinka remained
for a moment watching the apostle a coun
tenance, of which the habitual serenity
was accentuated to-day by a. strange
light. Tinka. who now understood fir
r.itz, as a doctor understands a case to
which he has devoted much study, sur
prised in her eyes something tnat added
to the grief at their recent loss, a terrible
sadness, now at its height, caused by tn»
approaching departure of Frederique.
Tinka knew that Pirnitz, approved of her
departure, regarding neJessary for FTeu
erique's menta.1 and moral welfare a com
plete change of country, a sort of sovil
cure in a new civilization, surrounded by a.
triumphant fcmJninism. tJut Tinita waa
perhaps the only one to understand noiv
keenly Pirnitz would suffer from irea^r
iquels absence.
The apostie was saying to the prore*
sor: /
"Yes. I shall arrive to-morrow night tn
Paris, and after a little sleep I shall set
to work again. I hope this year to¦as
semble my first group of pup!!a. You.
who love work, know how it c.-.ables ua
to bear the trials of the heart afi.l makes
them supportable."
"Of course, of course." stammered Hoe
del. who was always i r: i i oxidated by Pir
nltz. "There was a time when I should
have blown my brains out if I had not
had my work— and this little one." h©
added, stroking Carola's round head.
Edith came in. She was again dress?d
in her blue serge costume, but without
the apron, and she had replaced the bon
net by an exaggerated flat straw hat,
worn at the hart; of he.- head. She seemed
to be in a fever of impatience. Freder
ique came dov/n the staircase behind h^r.
in a black cloth dress and already wear-
Ing her black felt traveling hat. with
crape veil.
."You are Just like the FrederJqua I saw
landing from the Black Prince at Fresh
Wharf, near London Eridge, three years
ago," said Edith. "But at that time"
She did ret finish her sentence. The
souvenir of the other traveler, also
dressed in black, who had disembarke 1
with Frederique that same day at Fresh
Wharf, had recurred to her. The mem
ory of the dead girl brought a tinge of
deeper sadness to all their faces. The two
children had already gone up to the table.
They were not allowed any tea. Tlnka
poured out for each a g'.ass of miik. which
they drank eagerly. Then, having given
them a slice of bread and butter, she
sent them away to play in the nursery.
"Won't you take your tea?" Tinka
asked the two travelers.
Frederique hesitated.
"Is not Georg coming to take tea. witlx
us?" she fisked.
"Yes." replied Tinka. "H© promised
me. But he asked vou not to wait for
him. He will certainly come down befor*
you leave."
They sat down in silence. Lizzie broucnt
In the smokir.gr teapot and hot water. A
vacant place was left between Fredexiqua
and Tinka for Georg.
Supreme melancholy presided over tn«
frugal farewell repast, the last that
would be taken together by beings who
loved each other and who would soon b»
scattered to ail the corners of tho world.
The moment was pregnant with a sweet
gravity, in that pure, mournful October
sunset. But their courage, their hopes,
remained high. Following the exair.pla
set by Pirnitz all expression of grief was
restrained. There was only the worthy
Hoedel who was deeply affected, and who
polished his sold rimmed spectacles and,
i>!ev.- his ncse noisily alter e% - ery mouth
ful.
Tinka said, glancing at the view of tha
bay:
"Mother Nature is very kind to ns. She
gives us a limpid sky. a calm sea anJ
balmy atmosphere. Kvery time we shall
think of this moment we shall see again
al! the surrounding beauty. But will not
some other evening like this reunite- us
later?"
'•Mile. Pirr.itz has promised to corae and
see us some day when we have returned
to Larmsoe," said Hoedel.
"Yes." adi'.od Pirr.itz. "I have a sort of
nostalgia for tbona northern countries,
where X met the most noble conscience.*
In the world. Oh! thar I may once more
enjoy the .sight of those .magnificent gla
ciers and commune with those beautiful
minds!"
"Alas!" sighed Tinka. "if you really
visit us you will find a humble little Fin-
Jaudcr household in the little, isolated ar.i
well heated wood house. And you will
measure the difference between your
great thoughts and our mediocre cares!"
"Do not think that, Tinka,"' replied. Pir
nitz, gravely. "Although the rest of your
life may only call for the skill of tha
clever little housewife that you are. you
will never cease to be useful to the causo
of justice. You will continue to write and
spread abroad the truth, for you hava
genius."
Tinka's pale cheeks crimsoned. She re
mained thoughtful for a moment, gazing
Into her empty cup.
"Shall I really speak words of truth? I
feel opposing currents in my spirit. For
merly I was able to write books that de
fended unyieldingly the cause of the
emancipation of women, because life had
only shown me a single aspect of tha
problem. But now, when certain of my
characters speak in my works, they utter
pleadings against emancipation so violent.
so powerful, that sometimes I ask. my
self. 'Are they not right?' "
"Listen to your genius," replied tho
apostle. "Speak like a Synil. as the spirit
moves you. Certainly the book that you
will write next will be a hook o? doubt. In
which adverse doctrir.es will contend, for
it will be fhu history of a martyr of the
feminist cause, because the memory of
Lea still makes your heart bleed, and bo
cause your own soul adventure Is related
in it. Yet the book will serve the trutk:
It will call the attention of the crowd
to the problem of feminine emancipation.
Perhaps, even, beinjr a work impregnated
with doubt anil emotion more than with
doctrines; it will bo more efficacious. It
will not repel the uncertain, restive spirits
of old human societies."
Frederiquc. who up to that moment had
listened without speaking, let these words
escape her:
"Old human societies! Can they b© con
verted? Can they be reformed?"
"Yes!" replied 1'irnitz with- energy.
"Yes: The work is both possible and
useful, and success is no less certain be
cause it Is as yet distant. Do not doubt
it. Frederique! You are overwhelmed
with grief at this moment. But I make
an appointment with your spirit. When,
you return from your journey you will
have seen prosperous communities found
ed upon .the principle of the equality of
the sexes. You will have been strength
ened in your faith. You will rejoin me in
Faris. perhaps in a year, perhaps In tea
years, and you will see that our effort3.
to-day apparently vanquished, have- left
their trace. The Paris of that moment
will not be the Paris of to-day; Europ* Is
being guided toward a Juster future. No.
the efforts of apostles are not lost! Tha
law of preservation of physical energy
governs also the indestructibility of moral
torce."
(THE EXDO
"I know! I know that yon are right!"*
said Frederkjue. "But speak on. Impart
your Iiodc to me!"
"One of us 13 dead, killed by our
faith." continued Pirnltz. "But what does
It matter if her life was beautiful? Who
among us would not accept a similar des
tiny? Lea was the Noble Maiden, tho Fu
ture Eve. born before her time, by a mar
velous destiny. Lea is one of our saints.
Every new religion has Its martyrs."
Edith listened to the words of Pirnlta,
which stirred her religious fervor, and
she expressed her enthusiasm by. a verso:
"I will go before thee," she said,
"smoothing the ways, destroying tha
gates of brass and breaking the lroa bars
in pieces." •
The future evoked by Pirnltz radiated
before them. Even Hoodel's stolid soul
felt its beauty. Time was forgotten. A
voice said:
"•Frederi'jtie. Edith. It's time to go.**
They raised their eyes and saw Georg
standing in the doorway. Ha waa dressed
in black, and. as with Tinka. his mourn
ing rendered the pallor of hi* complexion
and the glossy fairness of hjs hair really
extraordinary. His eyes shone, though
not feverishly. He had an air of calm
ness and resolution.
The guests left th© table. The gold
red twilight entered through the three
windows, with the salt breath of the sea.
Toward Paington the sky appeared to
be in flames and ashes. A thick mist was
rising.
The women kissed each other. It had
been decide! that Frederlque and Eri-u
should go to the station alor.e. so a* rot
to mingie their farewells with the trivial
noise of the* crowd.
Georg kissed Edith's cheek. Then Fred
eriquc drew near. AH were silent around
them. The melancholy of aU imminent
departure appeared to be concentrated La
the farewell of these two.
Their regards met. Frerlerique realized
that Georg knew things that she had
never told him. Her heart longed for
absence and the expanse of seas "between
him and her.
They kissed.
"Farewell!" said Georg. "Bo you ex
pect to return?" ~ y e *
She replied so faintly that fco alone
heard her response. . «"«"<?
"1 don't think so."
Then, still In a. low tone, she asked:
And you. Georg? What are you gotrs
with T!nk r ' I>y ° U S ° tnS baCk t0 Larm30 °
Geprg shook his head.
"No." he said. "I shall carrv out Le^C:
wishes. I shaji leave her body here; bX
toiXS th a o rr LVh e t[- soul away *»* m *-
THE SUaSTD AX C AL.L.
HERE SLEEPS
LEA OKTSEN,
IN EXPECTANCY OF
THE NEW CITY.
16
Lea
from the landing of the staircase. Tha
inhabitants of Dartmoor House were
grouped there and upon the first few
steps of the stairs. Frederique and Tinka
had not been able to tear themselves away
from the door, and when Ida and Carola
had been turned over to the care of Liz
zie Morley. the two women, overcome
with fatigue and grief, sat down upon
the stairs. PlrqJtx stood beside them, her
slender figure seeking support against the
wall. And. litrJo by little, the whole lif.»
of the household scorned to >he concen
trated around that door of anguish which
they expected to open at every moment.
LJzzie and the maid leaned over the hand
rail of the second floor, mutely ouestion
inpr them with their glances. The red,
perspiring visage of the captain emerged
from the ground floor, and even Mrs. Mor-
closed behind them she moaned:
"Georg!"
He approached the bed. She raised her
self with an apparent energy that she had
not displayed for several days. Georg
helped her to rise to a sitting posture,
then with her trembling hands she gently
turned her husband's face toward the
window that opened upon the courtyard,
and through which the sunlight was now
ehinlnsr. _
"Let me look at you," she said.
He stooped his tall stature a little. She
put one of. her hands upon his hair, looked
at him eagerly as though she would en
grave his features on her memory.
"Let me see your eyes and lips! Smile
at me! Oh! it seems as though I had not
looked at you enough when I had you—
when I thought I had you for a long time.
And now! Now!"—
She fell back upon the bed convulsed by
a fit of sobbing. With trembling, uncer
tain movements she tried to draw him to
her.
"Come nearer! Come nearer!"
He kneeled down ajjninst tho bed. so
tliat she oould see him closely. Her. quiv
ering lingers stroked his face, his very
clothes, clutched at (he opening of his
vest and the bow of his tie. as she would
have clung to him unon the edge of a
precipice. She whispered brokenly:
"Keep me! I Implore yon! Don't let me
go! If you will you can keep me."
He felt a mad, feverish hope inspired in
him by the glowing eyes that implored
him, by the burning lips that besought
him. Still kneeling, he put his arms
around her waist; placed his lips close
to her livid cars, put all his longing all
our kiss face to face with the sea! I am
sure I conceived a child of you in that
kiss! He will be born! You see that I
cannot be going to die!"
She looked at her husband with the eyes
of one in the grip of a hallucination:
and in that enfevered atmosphere the
hallucination gradually- overcame Georg
himself. Then she slipped down upon
the pillow.
"I am so feeble!" she moaned.
A veil seemed to 6teal over her face, a
veil of suffering that changed its entire
expression, made it anxious.
"So feeble, so feeble!" she repeated.
Her tongue Issued from between her
lips, which opened and shut several times
with a dry, sticky sound. -
"Are you thirsty?" asked Georg.
He stretched out his hand toward the
little table where stood a glass and a
cooling drink. She made an abrupt sign
of negation, and for a little while re
mained perfectly motionless. Georg. who
watched her with Jill the power of his
attention, could not nave said if she were
awake or asleep. She muttered detached
phrasf-s of delirium or nightmare:
"Later— later— when he Is born. Yes —
I see it— I see the truth— I see— I see.
The sea-with the City— the City rising up
— CJeorg!" • * .
Her breathing became hoarse, her hands
fluttered gently upon the counterpane.
Oorg could r.o longer distinguish in her
respiration, mir.glod with the sound of a
voice, anything save his name. "Georjr!"
She called the name like an appeal of
distress, and each time Goorg replied by
a prefsure of the hand that seemed to
calm her ' Ko^v '.oni 'hif lasted he couldTHE STTNDAY CAIX.
17THE SUNDAY CAXL.
18
This' Is What Awaits --Soldiers';
Who Smrremider to- the Ghimese
/ From, a Rare Print,., of Which
Omly Fouir Ever Came to America
CHINESE TORTURES AS DEPICTEDthe <!cff.~"TTo Tow and his brother-in-law,'
alone, seem to realize that the Americans
are! and will be their best friends, and It
is now tho task of these two statesmen to
Oftntlnug;.. arid 'cement' the friendship- be-^
tween the people of China and those.of.
America, which means so much, to both.
For tho foregoing reasons there is hard
ly a man in America who occupies a more
Interesting position at thepresent moment
than Ho Yow. Accredited hero as a'rep
resentative of on* of the most powerful
monarcha, he sees his monarchy falling to
pieces after; having rouWd the_ wrath of ;
the entire world, leaving him standing on
a foreign shore between sixty millions of
foreign people on one hand and the deep
eea which separates. him from hla native
land" on the other. ; . "•
Hisplctufes scarcely do him Justice,, for
It is driven, into the^ Chinese from child
hood— born'jnjtliem, 'for that matter— that
they must control their fafes arid keep
them dignified. Ho Yow has too much in
tellectuality to permit of this at ordinary
times, but when sitting for his photo
graph he cannot help relapsing Into the
Should the submarine boat take the
place In naval warfare that some nations
expect, one of the chief precautions taken
by the world's navies will be an immense
Increase In the number* of balloons, with
duly trained staffs to work them, carried
by war vessels, our own great battleships
having already adopted the precaution for
years now.
The balloons carried by these battleships
are of exactly the same material and pat
tern as those In use in the army, only
smaller. They are mostly made at Chat
ham, and they have a use far In advance
of any mere long distance observational
purpose, for though the wake of a subma
rine boat sunk deeply In the water can
or.Iy be traced with difficulty from such an
elevation as that afforded, by a ship, both
such wake and the boatirielf can be seen
with absolute and undeviatinc clearness
from a captive b;illonn. Thia is the result
of a scientific and optical law, and when
¦ship balloons were flrsu put to the practi
cal test -in regard to this matter the re
sults attained were of the most surprising
kind.
Even^at the mouth of the Thames, where
_the water Is distinctly cloudy, objects of
a mm h smaller kind than a submarine
boat, and painted of neutral color, could
be seen from a balloon with the utmost
- clearness at a depth of five fathoms, or
thirty feet, though the surface was rough.
No submarine boat could in the daytime*
get within striking distance of a threat
ened' ship that had a balloon without ta
ins observed »'
This Is the fin Ce e!ee> year. We all
thought something wouid happen when It
cam*— thnt there would be an er.3 of seme
kind, ar.4 now :t hns arrived.
But who world have dared to say w'.x
monthf .'.jro that the war cloud shou'.d
have carr its shadow over such a strarge
ecene ies thr.t in China to-Jry.
Would the wildcat French drr-araer. of
fin <lc Biecle possibilities have supposed
that Russian ur.d Japanese. French and
English. Gcrrr-aa and American soldiers
would be marching shoulder to shoulder
In a corr.rr.cn cause of Eclf-defer-.se?
That, stranger than this, the Chinese of
Ean Francisco, v.ho have bren brick
batted. d?.id-iatt*d, hgotcd by the free
ar,t) inCepcr.dem order of American small
boy*, should ail of a sudden clamor to be
allowed to enlist under ,the American flag
with t;:e privilege to ;ro over and snat
th<~5r own Flowery Kir.sdom.
Thii-gs of this tart do not happen sud
tfenly. IVcp'e may say that the Chinese
¦ re rot civilized, but whrn it cornea to
Geep nnd successful diplomatic plans— then
we are guileless savages compared with
Each nation cf the earth, the poets and
the Ftatpm^nt thereof as .well, have in
their time tried to bring about the federa
tion of the world. The Czar cf Russia' was
the lest and largest personage to make an
unsuccessful attempt.
Now, behold you, the long expected end
never before fcen, or even foreseen, has
happened po suddenly that no one has no
ticed it yet. The civilized nations of the
world arc «ce. An International police Is
attack all that was new and all that wal
good.
These are a few of the troubles that
confront Ho Tow. What will he do next?
row settling snd will hereafter settle tn«
disputes of the earth, as the metropolitan
police settle the brawls of the city. v
Can any one say that this thing, Just
lias the tremendous press agency which
Wu Ting Fang at Washington and his
brothcr-Ir.-law. Ho Yow, at San Francisco
have been conducting been entirely with
out result?
It will be remembered that the -maga
zines, weeklies and daily papers have
teemed with elaborate articles, learned
dissertations, lisht and catchy bits of chlt
<h2t. all from lhe pens of these two men.
The number of articles which, they have
inspired has been ten to one for those
which they have written and signed them
selves, and all have been tending toward
the education of Americans and English
men upon, the MJbject of China.
Through every civilized country tho
Fame work.fsas been going on, and now,
when the'tirhe has come for the powers to
act through legislative bodies, it is with
an intelligent comprehension of Chinese
affairs that could never have been ob
tained IVad the present crisis been thrust
upon them unpreparedly. y
The work that lYo How has commenced
is a long way from completion. He Is
here with a hundred thousand Chinese de
pending upon him. Around him are near
ly a hundred million foreign devils of va
rious nationalities. Across the water the
Chinese' arx»TB!a.ufihtcrJr.s^tb« brothers of
the foreign devils. What will the foreign
devil do? That Is the way that the con
servative and fearful Chinaman looks at
it. It is the way that the sheep looks at
His mercantile Interest* In San Fran
cisco, outside of his consular business,
are very large indeed. He Is partner
ln~ a number of enterprises, for- the Chi
nese do not believe in -putting all their
eggs la one basket. ~By co-operation and
association with different companies they
insure themselves "against loss if any one
fall. ' ,
Hospitality seems to be the first thought
of Mr. Ho. He greets his guests with a
smile and a cigar that would tempt any
one to smoke. The particular cigars
which he now has on hand were brought
to him by his friend, the Consul General
of Havana, who- passed through here re
turning to China only- a short time ajro. %
having been recalled by the imperial Gov
ernment, only to find .himself on his ar
rival there condemned' to banishment to
far-distant Kashgar. .
On Ho Yow's policy arid discretion de
pends the safety of the lives, 'and, prop
erty of 100,000 Chinese under his Jurisdic
tion.- ~-V, ".'¦¦¦
Whlle England talks of seizing the Vice
roys of Chir.a as hostages, and while the
nations of Europe- and ministers of the
Gospel even clamor for a. promiscuous and
bloody revenge ' upon^Chlnese wherever
they may* be found.; Ho Yow's ceaseless
activity has aroused his fellow country
men here to throw off the. Oriental se
crecy, which at home would be their only
safety, and make to all fearless explana
tions of the position' which they occupy
ami the"' stand" which th'ey intend to 'take
in the coming crisis.
At first sight It would appear that the
situation here was extremely dangerous
lor the Chinese, with iheir fellow coun-
Jhe Chinese Consul general
States position of San
Francisco Chinese.
T^ELIEVIXG that the time has come when it is ddvis-
JTj able for my people in California to state the position
TVhich they hold in regard to the complications not6 aris
ing in the Chinese empire I desire to say there is not in all
San Francisco at the present time a single person' of the' race
who arc committing the horrible atrocities that inflame the
world.
The Chinese of San Francisco are nath'cs of the hiciiiitv
of Canton. Their relatives and friends at home have suffered
from the "Boxer" uprising, and they join zcith the Americans
in their grief for that which has already occurred' and in a
desire to prevent in any way possible the further carnage
zt'hich threatens.
The people of China proper desire to aid the allied pozv
ers in bringing about a speedy settlement of the difficulties',
and I knozi' that the sight of 'the armies of Europe, Asia and
America fighting side by side in the cause of humanity will
teach the first lesson in the cause of the great universal'. peace
which is desired by all, and by none more than Peaceful Cliin-i'
o r?O YOW. imperial Consul General of
1 the Chir.ese empire, is doing his
# <i best to swing the California Chl
r.epe into l'r.e to fight with the al
lied prw*>rs in Chir.a against the Boxers of
the corth. who are starting the war 0! tfie
3he Man on ie)hose diplomacy
the Sajety of J00.000
: Chinese depends.
national repose.
¦ He Is naturally as active a* a French
• man; and his gestures remind an observer
of one when he Is excited by a subject of
conversation.
Posing before a camera an Instinct of
. dignity seizes upon him and h!a expres
sion becomes more conventional;
nevertheless, were It not for hi3
costume ; he would appear .more
like a European than an Orien
tal. It has been said that he Is one of th«
handsomest Chinese In America. His
mental accomplishments are wonderful.
;ile is a college man and has had social
..training In. London; 13 a -graduate of the
law college and were it not for his nation
ality would be able to practice In any of
the courts of the United States.
Ho Is tall and willowy in form and has
the suggestion of a tremendous muscular
power; he glides and sweeps about, rather
than walks.
. •. While few Americans know the history
of their own 'infant land. Mr. Ho Is ac
quainted not only with the history of all
of the dynasties of China, which go back
beyond the time of Moses, but with this
he knows more of "the history of modern
Europe than the average pedagogue. In
all. he Is a charming man to meet so
cially, and takes the keenest Interest in
foreign matters.
trymen at home engaged in goading a
world to madness by torturing: and mu
tilating the friends and relatives of our
Americans) among whom they a#e living:
but with tho better understanding of tho
matter which Ho Yow has given, it will
be seen how blameless are tha Chinese
here for the actions of the barlwirlans la
Northern China.
However strange It may seenr. Chines©
here are the greater sufferers themselves.
having more cau?e for grievance against
China than the" European eountrfra have.
The Chines© 'people In San Frane'.aeo
are all of thrm purs Chinese form China
proper. The Boxers are a ferocious so
ciety organized among tha bloodthirsty
Tartar hordes who overthrew the Chinese
dynasty, and have since ruled these suf
ferers with Iron rods.
Literal, and not figurative, is thi3 latter
statement, for It 13 the custom of tha
Tartars to beat their Chinese subjects
with rods until they are crippled for l!fe
for trivial offenses.
Of late years the Tartars have been rap-
Idly retrograding, as such dominant races
do, the upper classes becoming effeminate
and the lower strata of society takirts
upon themselves the ferocity of beasts.
The- Tartars saw that unless something
was done they would soon lose their
power In China. The organized progres
sive reformers, under Kar.gr Tu Wai,
threatened sudden overthrow of tha
whited sepulcher to which the Central
Government had degenerated.
It was out of thia spirit tha: the Boxers
grew, arid their sullen purpose was to
HO YOU
BETWEEN THE DEVIL AND THE DEEP SEA!
THE STJND Ai Y -G ALL.
19arc some of the experiences he met. with
recently Just before '; the. last return trip
of the Gaelic from Canton/, \ :- ;'
"My friend, Harry Williams, and myself
were desirous of witnessing a Chinese pi
rate execution, and one day, by tipping
an under official at a Chinese Jail, we
managed to arrjve on the scene in time to
see eleven prospective victims lined up
for punishment. It was in what.ls known
as the 'execution grounds,' merely an un
usually wide street, with ; no ropes, rail
ings or walls of any kind surrounding it.
On the ground, kneeling in a row, were
eleven pirates brought to justice. Their
hands were loosely tied together with
pieces of rope, and their queues all hang
ing down their backs. _ They seemed not
in the least sorrowful or perturbed, even
almost bored. As the .executioner ad
vanced __ to his duty an assistant preceded
him, carrying j a stake sharpened at ;. both
ends to a point. One end of this stick was
driven into the earth" just in front | of . the
criminal ; then .the executioner's j assistant
caught hold of the Chinaman's queue and
elowly drew him forward and downward.
taking care not to use undue consideration
in shortening the process. When he had
drawn the body sufficiently low- over the
sharpened stick he gave the queue a "quick
tug. driving the stake into the criminal's
abdomen and impaling him firmly. Then
he held the queue unconcernedly while the
executioner raised his weapon and
brought It down swiftly on the criminal's
neck. , severing the [. head from the body.
Assuredly, the man would sail pirate seas
no more.
"While the process of execution. was go
ing: on a host of indifferent and uninter
ested Celestials were standing about. Here
and there ¦ was • ¦ a -, Chinese ' po
liceman ~ whacking . any . one he
chose, regardless of . offense. ' and
the hoodlum element was busy teasing and
tossing little stones at the - condemned.
The men who were yet to die casually
watched the performance and ttie eleventh
calmly looked^on while the other ten were
dispatched and their heads thrown in a
pile to one' side. Of all of them the elev
enth man held the least enviable position,
but he seemed to be little aware of the
fact. Probably he enjoyed the good show
up to the last end considered himself for
tunate to have been allowed the enter
tainment of seeing his companions exe
cuted.
"Some of the heads were chopped oft
evenly, leaving little stumps attached;
others were cut off close behind the ears,
but one of them was sliced off at a slant
angle. The criminal before him^had just
been executed and his feet were still kick-
Ing about and his body writhing. As the
executioner raised his ax the man who
was being executed turned his head, with
leisurely curiosity, to observe the death
throes of the former victim just as the
ax fell, so his own head was sliced oft
smoothly, but In such a manner that It
would have. tor be set upon a steep incline
to bring the face level. Later relatives
and . close friends came and carried away
the heads of the criminals, dangling them
by means of the queues. The bodies were
considered less important and were left to
the hoodlums.^
"The hoodlums, the same element as the
interior class termed 'Boxers, 1 occasioned
IT is one thing to sit at home and plan
one's battles and Quite another to go
abroad and fight them. That Is why
"William Gorham, president of the Gor-
ham Rubber Company, says that he Is not
a pessimist when he makes the discourag
ing personal statement given on this page.
Mr. Gorham has just returned from
China, and though he did not actually en
eage In the fighting, he has been observ
ing some of the conditions that go to
make up the difficulties In battles. Here
The Most
HopWbTg
TaTg oF
Wanton
panted
nfc ioms lively trouble. We had been «*•
rled to the execution Rrounda In a chair
by coolies and were- attending discreetly
to our own business. But this did not
suffice. Presently little clods and stones
began to tap us gently on the cheek; then
followed larger ones. They cams closer
and Jostled us. knocking us roughly off
our chairs, and then spat In our faces.
There was no alternative but to take It
good naturedly, as any sort of resentment
would have- provoked the knife. It mm
no use appealing to th© Chines© officer, *a
he ts simply a privileged Individual, exer
cising hts wrath upon those who cross bis
humors. "We gave directions to th« 900 1 lea
to mova on, and the- hoodlums began fol
lowing, growing rougher and more dan
gerous. A battery of stones hailed firom
all sides and we were continually beinx
upset A devoted guard of botqs half
dozen hoodlum* attended us on either
side and spat Into oiff faces, hissing their
scant vocabulary of English, "Volts devil I
White devil!" and shaking their flat* la
our faces. We had begun to despair et
ever escaping from them and were In mo
mentary fear for our lives. There wu
one Immense big ugly looking: brown fel
low who hounded us viciously, and I had
to content myself with hurling English
maledictions at him and telling him In
English what I would do with him ta casa
I could with discretion have handled him.
As he bent his hideous f/tce dose to mine
and viciously spat again I accidentally
hit upon the trifle that saved us. I hare
only one good eye. Over the other I then
wore a large dark green r r >»»* r 1 and m»
the hideous fellow stooped I closed my
rood eye and peered with the green mask
Into his face. A moment later I opened
my eye and observed the terrlned Celes
tial leaping backward, his face pale, his
eyes bursting from their sockets, and his
whole expression one of the most abject
fear and horror. Landing a dozen feet
away he shrieked, 'Holy devil! Bad ey«;
look seel'
"In a moment every Chinaman present
ed a pair of heels and a flying queue.
When they had put a respectful distance
between us they paused In superstitious
fear, and we jogged along quickly, tak
ing advantage of the opportunity. But
presently they regained courage and cams
at us again, stoning, yelling and prodding
with sticks. Whenever one came unusual
ly close I peered Into his face with the
green mask and grinned, and sfteKlng my
head out I leered at them all. The effect
¦was wonderful. The native superstition.
of the age was upon them, pronabiy the
only effective check to their vlclousness.
They soon fell farther and farther behind
and dwindled away. We lost no time in
getting away and urged our coolies on a.t
a fast trot under bribe of double pay.
"More horrible even than the pirate ex
ecution was that of two innocent women.
We. did not see the execution, but came
along two days later in time to observe
what was left of the bodies hanging by
ropes to rough wooden crosses. A man.
had died and it was thought he had been
poisoned. His wife and his sister were
accused of the murder, and the Chinese
trial was proceeded with. Instruments of
torture were brought, the principal one
being a contrivance for crushing the an
kles. Two hard blocks, screwed tightly
together at one end and the other ends
held loosely with a long screw, were put
around the women's ankles. Then the
screw was slowly tightened, crushing tha
ankle bone In an excruciating grip.
Tighter and tighter the merciless blocks
gripped, the women screaming and pro
testing their innocence, and when It was
no longer bearable they cried out that
they were guilty. »'»'>il:
"No one In China Is allowed to be pun
ished until he has confessed his crime,
and from the Innocent and guilty alike
confessions are wrung by the cruel ankiO
torture After the confession the women
were taken to the place of execution and
stripped nude. Their bodies were tlea
upon the rough wooden crosses and the
executioners began the process of cutting
them with sharp knives, the object being
to make a thousand cuts upon the body
before the- fatal one. if it wero possible.
Each Joint of fingers and toes were cut
away, the limbs were hacked, the ears
clipped off In a dozen pieces, their faces
slashed and every atrbclty Imaginable
committed. Throughout* it all the exe
cutioner endeavored to cause as much,
pain *ith as little danger as possible; to
prolong the life of the victim the eyes
being left uninjured until the moment of
death approached when they were hacked
out. Long before the thousand cuts were
made the two delicate women were dead,
but when we saw their bodies still hang-
Ing by ropes two days later It was a.
sight of Indescribable horror. It Is with
four million of such fiends or foes capable
of. such that th© allied powers are now
trying to cope. . «.
"We came along the river and ww the
famous old water ', clock, which tradition
claims to have kept perfect time sine*
Contuclus gave out hl3 benighting:
edict 'Walk In the trodden paths. 1 In
the historical old hogshead the water was
Flowly rising, floating the worn old dial
nearer and nearer the top to complete trw
twenty-four hours of the Chinese day. It
will mark many a dark age still befors
the cruelty^the vlclousness and the atro
dousness of the Chinese nation la ellm
"It seems to me that to talk of subduing
such a people by torce of arms or any
other way Is arrant nonsense. I have seen
so many horrible and unspeakable tnlnsc*
in the course of my three visits to China
that I have no faith In any plan to put
down their hideous rebellion. Whatever
of law and order the Chinaman knows is
based upon his own barbarian love of tor
ture. All about the different towns may
be seen cripples hobbling or clraR^inar
themselves around without feet and other,
wise mutilated. They are the ones who
have withstood the ankle-screw and re
fused to confess to crimes of which it will
SSt'o^guUV." Tf he a th 6nin h a e n?an re Jfei? 3 nO a
bit of worthless chain he la put into the
horrible heavy neckblock and kept there
for forty days, unable even to feed him
self, and the miserable captives are com
pelled to rely upon each other to push
their bowl of rice toward their mouths
upon the block. If by chance the pris
oner la not clever enough to keep the bowl
??ora sliding off the board his dinner Is
lost and he goes without. The prisoner In
the neckblock is taken every dav to tha
¦cene of his supposed crime for pious con
templation. Then there la the horrible
death by Impalement, where the victim in
left to slowly die with a stake throuarh
hl3 body anil the hanging in the snak»
well In this latter horrible punishment
the man is huns head downward with his
face close to writhing serpents and crawl
ing vermin and left to die of starvation,
stlnzs or horror.
"As a matter of abstract justice the Chi
nese law is satisfied as well with one per
son as with another, as well with the in
nocent as the guilty— just so the crime i3
avenged by a human life. If a man has
the price of a hundred Mexican dollar*
he can buv himself free of his punishment
by the simple process of turning it over
to the officers, who select from among the
vagrants a man to be killed in his place.
Or a prisoner may hire some Chinaman,
who Is willing, for the price of a long,
farewell opium jag, to represent him.
Sometimes substitutes have sold their
lives to be tortured from them for the
price of twenty or thirty dollars, giving
their money to their families or indulging
In the luxury t)f an. opium feast at the last
at the expense of the criminal whoso
place they take."
These, and many more, are the horrible
tales that Mr. Gorham has to tell of his
life in China. Those Inclined to be op
timistic do not agree with him In all
things, but to these he replies. "Go and
see!" The impression of Chinese horrors
Is still strong within him. and he Is glad
to be out of the empire— an empire that
he says can never be conquered though
all the powers of the globe Join forces
against Its hundreds of millions of yellow
men. with their Innumerable and un
namable propensities for barbaric evU.
An Eyewitnwss Tells of Recent
Frightful Chinese Tortures.
Statement o? William J- Gotham?
company? J Ls *
BcC T < Fcom Canton-*
All things' being considered, without undue pessimism, it
is my opinion that it will be a great deal nearer to the judg
ment day before China is conquered. ['V. f. Goi'IlClM.
The only method of creating anything like a submissive
spirit in the Chinese, it seems to me, would be to promptly
seize and put to death all high Chinese officials and dignitar
ies. Such an act zcould break the faith of the Chinese in the
infallibility of the exalted rulers. and the unimpeachable Joss.
Admitting the possibility of food supply by oceanic trans
port service there is the difficulty of carrying the supplies to the
interior. In China there arc no beasts • of burden except the
coolie, who could not well be pressed into service. China's rail
roads and all the railroads leading into China arc in bad re
pair, if not entirely broken up and useless.
Again, in ordinary warfare the spreading of panic and
the striking of terror is a powerful clement with which to sub
due. That is another impossibility in China. The Chinese are
absolutely indifferent to the fate of their fcHoicmcn and fearless
as to their own.
i . DO not believe that it is possible for oil the allied powers,
/no matter zchat may be the plan of attack, nor hoiv mighty
the facilities, to conquer or subdue China. My opinion is
based upon facts as I haz-e observed, them. First of all the im
possibility of maintaining even a small army anywhere near
the Chinese empire. There is no zcatcr to drink, no food ic
cat, and tlu: nearest source of supply is in Japan, three days'
journey — a source that would soon become exhausted. What
zcatcr there is in China is impure and unfit to drink, requiring
to be boiled and filtered, hi China there is no such thing as
sanitation, and at such times. as this war. and beast alike are
left unburicd. Supposing a coast attach should result in the
killing of a fezi 1 thousand Chinese, as it must to be in any meas
ure successful. The dead Chinese would be left unbiiricd upon
the field and ilw army would be unable to advance because of.
the consequent impurifl.cation of all drinking zcatcr and the
stench. And if advance were possible the continued killing
necessary to progress would continue the conditions and ad
vancr to any extent would leave open chances for side attack.
The interior is peopled to the density of szcarming ileas, and
every foot of advance would have to be made over decaying
dead bodies, rendering necessary the impossible zcatcr supply
from the rear. As to food, the enemy can subsist comfortably
upon a small bunch of rice for a week, and the soldiers of civ
ilization zcould have to drazv substantial supplies from the
rear also.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
20The Chinese question occupied almost
the exclusive attention of the Cabinet
council this morning and gave rise to an
interesting discussion regarding th» origin
and value of the telegram askingMor me
diation. Importance is given to the tele
gram, which fills about two pages, in
asmuch as it is signed by the reigning
Emperor, Kwang Su, who is the head of
the government recognized by the powers.
The question a. so came up as to the ex
pediency of submitting to 1 censorship tel
egrams ; to or, from • the , Chinese authori
ties, but the council decided to. take no
rash step, at least, for the' present, be
cause it might afford, a precedent for a
violation of diplomatic secrets.
Thecouncil decided to take steps to
brjng the strength of the Chinese expedi
tionary: corps up to a total of 15.000. In
structions. toward that end -were sent to
Algiers and Tunis and the opinions were
taken ofcolonels of several dragoon regi
ments on the formation of a regiment of
M. Delcasse notified the Cabinet that all
the powers had responded favorably to the
proposition to prevent the exportation of
arms to China.
are not furnished there is room only for
military action.
PARIS. July 21.— At the council of
Ministers to-day the Minister of
Foreign Affairs, M. Delcasse, read
a telegram from the' Emperor of ,
China asking the , mediation of
France with the foreign powers. The tel
egram was signed by Kwang Su. and not
by Puh Chan, the son of Prince Tuan.
The reply given by M. Delcasse was that
the request would be considered only upon
absolute knowledge that the following
acts had been accomplished:
First— That cIHcaeious protection and
cbsolute freedom of communication had
been assured between the French Minister
at Peking and his colleagues of the diplo
matic corps and their respective Govern
* Second— "When Prince Tuan and high
functionaries lesponsible for the actual
events had been dismissed by the Govern
ment to await inevitable punishment.
Third— When the authorities and bodies
of troops throughout the entire empire
shall have received an order to cease hos
tilities against foreigners.
Fourth— When measures have been taken
for the rigorous suppression. of: the Box
ers, v • .
So long. as these, necessary. guarantees ,
CHINA APPEALS
FOR MEDIATION
AMERICAN GALLANTRY^AT THE STORMING OF TIENTSIN.
Captain Henry Leonard, United States Marine, Corps.. though so severely -wounded as to require subsequent amputation
of his arm.' took his fellow officer, Smedley D. Butler, on his back, swam across the flooded moat and landed him on the
other, side, where both went Into the surgeons' hands.
AMERICANS MAY
ADVANCE ALONE
The Chinese Ministers in London, Paris, Berlin and Brussels presented to the Governments to which they are respect
ively accredited an imperial edict dated July 18 stating that foreigners in Peking were "safe under the protection of the court."
tfJot the slightest credence was placed in this by the officials of London and Berlin. Paris displayed equal skepticism and Brus
sels -intimated that what was required was a communication from its representative. This imperial statement, it will be ob
served, does not square with the dispatch alleged to have been sent by Mr. Conger on the same date.
In connection with M. Delcasse's stern reply to the Chinese requests for the good offices of France it is suggested in
Paris that if M. Pichou at Peking were alive the application would have been made through the French Minister. .
While anxious that the advance on Peking by the allied forces should begin with the least possible delay Washington of
ficials do not hold out much hope that the start can be made bfore the middle of August and in London dispatches it is stated that
"a dash toward Peking would be military suicide." Admiral Seymour, however, reports that Tientsin and neighborhood have been
completely evacuated by the Chinese and theJapanese are arriving in force at both Taku and Shan Hai Kwan, which, it is held in
some quarters, will prove the best base for the march on Peking.
phases in this morning's news regarding China very possibly have more or less intimate relation. First, the profusion of
(& Celestial assurances that the legations are safe and, second, the anxiety manifested to obtain the good offices of France
and, it is also reported, of the United States.
In the Chinese'advices as to the situation in Peking there is an "embarras de richesse." One dispatch goes so far
as to say that word had been received from Peking under date of July .20— that is, Friday last— by the Governor of Shantung to the
effect that the foreign envoys were then safe, under the protection -of the Chinese Government. In some quarters it was sug
gested that the Chinese officials had overreached themselves'by naming the date, which presupposes the existence of tele
graphic communication with Peking. Taotai Sheng himself admitted that most ot the dispatches, prior to that signed by Conger,
took a week in transmission. Sheng and the Viceroy of Nanking were to the fore with statements of the safety of the Ministers on
July 1 9. Admiral Remey, in forwarding the report which had reached him as to the safety of the legations on July 1 3, expressed
doubts as to its authenticity. , . .
THE CALL'S SUMMARY OF LATEST
DEVELOPMENTS IN THE FAR EAST
A telegram from Chi Nan Fu reports that a battle has taken place at Tsang Chow, on
the borders of Shantung and Chili, between Tsung Fu Siang's army and the Shantung troops
of Governor Yuan Shi Kai. The latter were'victorious and inflicted heavy loss upon the enemy.
SHANGHAI, Friday, 5:15 p. m., via Teheran, July 21.— The latest news from Niuchwang
described that port as an armed camp. Barricades had been erected and trenches dug. All
foreigners had been armed and were being assisted by seventy Cossacks. The Boxers were
close to the settlement. The Russo-Chinese bank had removed its treasure to Port Arthur.
Two Japanese gunboats and one Russian are guarding Niuchwang.
Special Cable t« The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald PutHshinff Company.
Vo'.ker Europas! . -/.
Wahret eure heiligsten Gufcer.
Translation: "Nations of Europe! Protect your most sacred possession*."
LOYAL CHINESE ROUT THE BOXERS.
tV'ILHELM. I.R.
From the Daily Graphic. *
* In addressing the German marines about to embark for China on July 2, the German Emperor declared that the outbreak in the far East was "unhappily to
me not unexpected." The proof of the Kaiser's foresight will be found in the accompanying cartoon, which v/as composed by him five years ago as a gift for the
Czar. The object of the cartoon tvas to draw attention to the yellow peril., and to insist that the European powers should unite to deal with it. From the East a
gathering of storm clouds is represented as menacing Christendom, and in a break of the clouds Buddha is shown riding: on a Chinese dragon. On a rock in the
foreground are grouped allegorical figures of the powers, whom the Archangel Michael is adjuring to resist the coming foe. The figures of the powers are so ar
rar.ged as to represent their respective attitudes after the treaty of Shimonosekl. Russia, France and Germany are foremost among the followers of the archangel,
while Austria and Italy stand by the side of Great Britain, who is holding back from the proposed intervention. (The United States did not enter into considera
tion.) The title given to the picture by the Emperor in his own handwriting— a facsimile of which is reproduced on. the lower corner of the- drawine— runs as fol
lows: _^. - . . -- : •* '¦¦ ' . ¦ ! „¦*£¦<. ¦ • ' ' •' *" ¦' ¦
"THE YELLOW PERIL"— EMPEROR WILLIAM'S PROPHETIC ALLEGORY.
General Dorward, the British commander, says the property seized officially in the native
city exceeds in value 1,000,000 taels. It will be sent to the British war secretary to be held for
such disposition as the nations interested may decide upon.
The American and Japanese troops were the only ones which made any attempt to re
strain the civilian or soldier looters.. The men of both these commands behaved well, the conduct
of the Japanese being especially commendable under the circumstances. The British sent organ
ized parties from the warships Barfleur. Endymion and Orlando in charge of officers to guard cer
tain treasure. It was known that the Chinese had two official treasuries containing over
2,000,000 taels. Location of these treasuries was known. The allied authorities intended to
seize the money, but placed the guard in the wrong place yesterday. To-day when the mistake
was discovered it was found the silver had nearly all been taken away. The British guard began
searching* houses in the settlement and found about 50,000 taels. The search is still going on, and
guards were posted around the settlwrient this morning with instructions to seize all the loot
brought in and also to confiscate alflhvilian loot that may be found in the settlement.
¦ The residents of the settlements flocked to the native city yesterday after it had been cap
tured by the troops. They impressed coolies with rickshaws, carts and donkeys into service, and
very soon the roads between the settlements and the city were lined with long processions of
looters carrying off their plunder.
scenes enacted there. Millions of taels' worth of property has been taken. The whole city
is filled with an indiscriminate mob of Chinese and soldiers of all nationalities, who are breaking
open stores, smashing chests and safes and rushing hither and thither with their arms filled with
silks, furs, jewelry, silver bars and money.
July 15;- via Chefu,- July 19, and - Shanghai, July 20. — This day has been- de-
voted entirely' to looting the native city, and it is . impossible to cable a description of the
.. • Special Dispatch to The Call.
American and Japanese Troops Alone Refrain From
Participating in the Looting and Attempt
..,:.. , ,..,... to Restrain the Mob.
SOLDIERS AND CIVILIANS
RAVAGE THE NATIVE CITY
TIENTSIN GIVEN OVER TO PILLAGE BY THE ALLIES
AFTER IT WAS CAPTURED FROM THE BOXER FORCES
Pages 21 to 30
Pages 21 to 30
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900— FORTY PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 52.
WASHINGTON. July 21 —Two din
patches from Chinese officials and
or.e from Admiral Remey at Taku
represented the news development
c- the day. so far as the Chinese situa
tion was "concerned. The Chinese dis
patches wore corroborative-or were in
tended to be-«f the important news of
vesterday relative to the state of the le
gations. Admiral Remey's dispatch, aside
from a list of casualties, already trans
mitted in cipher form, was most import
ant. It conveyed the disagreeable news
that the international column would not
begin Its advance upon Peking before the
ruddle of August. This notice was re
ceived here with consternation, in view
of Mr. Conger"* advice of the desperate
position the legationcrs were In on
the lfcth.
It is possible to draw two conclusions
trotn a failure of the foreign commanders
to advance. First, the European Govern
ments have allowed their skepticism as to
the r. jthentlcity of Mr. Conger's dlf patch
to Jf~rry them to the point of proceeding
cool,>' and deliberately upon the first sup
position—namely, that there are no for
eigners alive in Peking to be saved, and
that consequently there Is no need lor
The other conclusion Is that friction Is
developing among the Internationals in
spite of the earnest endeavors of the pow
ers, whose motives as to China , are so
far unimpeachable, to prevent it. Color
is lent to this latter theory by the fact
that the Governments have so far been
unable to agree upon an international
commander for the expedition to Peking,
and this, too. in spite of the fact that
Admiral Itemey, acting by the instruc
tions of his Government, is exhausting
every effort to induce the other command
ers at'Taku and Tientsin to hasten their
movements.
General Chaffee is due at Nagasaki in a
day or two. He will transship at that
point and arrive at Taku in about a week
from this time. It has been suggested
here that Chaffee will, if need be. leave
the other commanders to their devices
and lead the way to Peking himself. His
brother officers in the War Department
say that he is quite competent to under
take this tack. Others declare that with
the small force of Americans at his com
mand the attempt would be suicidal even
if Chaffee were supported by the British.
The details for General Chaffee's staff
were announced to-day. A notable feature
is the inclusion of Lieutenant Colonel
Heistand, now United States military at
tache to the ; Paris Exposition Commis
sion.
The San Francisco Call.CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
July 21.— Every movement in the
War Department to-day indicated
Immediate and strong reinforce
ments of the column now at Taku with a
view of starting the relief -column to
Peking. Conferences, which Included rep
resentatives from every division of the de
partment, were held during the afternoon,
and althoush Secretary Root declined to
give out information as to the decisions
reached, the orders that followed were in
themselves indicative of the matters dis
cussed and the conclusions arrived at.
These orders, taken with the, present
declarations of the officials in the War
Department that reinforcements are to be
sent at once to China, and that the Philip
pines constitute the ' only source from
which they can be drawn, strengthen the
assertion that General MacArthur has
been directed to prepare another detach-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Philippines Will Be Drawn
Upon for More Troops
and the Marine Service
Strength by Enlistment.
mont for Chinese service.
Orders have -been issued by the Navy
Department to strip the shore stations in
this country and the ships of the North
Atlantic squadron of every possible
marine for service in China and to estab
lish Marine Corps recruiting stations In
the various cities. The Navy Department
Is determined to bring the service up to its
full". strength, which means the recruiting
of about S50 men. All of this force Is In
tended for work in China and by sending
thither the^e men the department will
have exhausted Its resources in that lin*
While taking these measures. Secretary
Long is still convinced that more war
ships can be of little use in Chinese wa
ters. The Princeton, which is to-day re
ported at Amoy, 250 miles north of Hong
kong, and the Don Juan de Austria are
patrolling the coast, and are deemed suf
ficient with the aid of the ships of for
eign nations, to preserve order In sea
board towns and cities.
REINFORCEMENTS ARE TO BE HURRIED TO TIENTSIN
CANTON. Ohio, July 21.-Senator Hanna
monopolized nearly all of President Mc-
Klnley's forenoon to-day in their final
conference prior to the opening of Eastern
headquarters in New York next week.
The Senator said he would leave for New
York next Wednesday and that the East
ern headquarters would be opened soon
after his arrival. The speaking campaign,
he said, would not open before the first
of September and as yet he does not pre
tend to say what kind of a campaign will
be conducted.
The Senator and his party left at 7:20
o'clock to-night.
There were many visitors with Presi
dent McKinley to-day.
HANNA IN CONFERENCE
WITH THE PRESIDENT
Is Accorded a Flattering Reception in
the Orpheuni at Los '
Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 21.— At the Or
pheum to-night Mrs. Bessie Blitz Paxton,
a San Francisco society woman, made her
debut In vaudeville. She was royally wel
comed and earned well-deserved recogni
tion by a mezzo soprano that shows care
ful culture and much flexibility. Her re
ception was the more flattering as she is
practically unknown here. She is a sister
in-law of General Warfield. Mrs. Paxton
to-night said that she stands upon her
merits and has passed to the professional
stage to aid her little daughter, who for
months has been an invalid In a hospital.
MRS. PAXTON MAKES
HER DEBUT IN VAUDEVILLE
tion has been taken upon the application
of Brigadier General James H. Wilson.
U.-Sj V., for active service In China. An
order was issued to-day relieving him
from duty in command of the Depart
ment of Matanzas and Santa Clara. Cuba,
and dlr«»ctlng him to proceed without de
lay to Taku, China, and report to Major
Genera! A. R. Chaffee. U. S. V.. com
manding the military forces In China, for
assignment to the command ol one of the
brigades of his division.
WASHINGTON. July 21.— Favorable ac-
WASHINGTON, July 21.-The War De
partment has announced the names of the
following officers who have been ordered
to report ,to Major General Chaffee for
duty on his staff:
Lieutenant Colonel Heistand. assistant
adjutant general: Colonel Humphreys,
assistant quartermaster general; Major
Gallagher, commissary; Lieutenant Colo
nel Dlckman, Twenty-sixth Infantry. U.
S. V.; Major Munroe. Thirty-fourth In
fantry. U. S. V.: Major Stephenson. sur
geon; Captain Crozier, ordnance depart
ment ' . .
ORDERED TO TAXTJ.
STAFF OFFICERS FOR
MAJOR GENERAL CHAFFEE
WASHINGTON, July 21.— The Chi
nese Minister. Mr. Wu. commu
nicated to the Secretary of
State this morning two impor
tant telegrams. The first is
from iiheng, the director of posts and tel
egraphs in Shanghai, and says:
"'Fortunate that Minister Conger's tele
graphic reply has come. Imperial decree
of the 22d this moon (corresponding to
July IS) stated that all Ministers wera
safe. Insurgents are fighting and killing
each other. Li Hung Chang is proceeding
northward to suppress riot, but will find
it difficult to go."
The second telegram Is from U Klu Yl.
Viceroy of Nanking, dated the 21st of
July, and received by Minister Wu at 10
o'clock the same day. It is as follows:
''According to edict of 22d of this moon
(July IS), with the exception of German
Minister, who was killed by anarchists,
with regard to which rigorous measures
are being taken to investigate and punish
the guilty parties, all the other Ministers.
for whom strenuous efforts are being
made for their protection, are fortunately
unharmed."
Ll Kiu Yi, the Viceroy of Nanking. 13
one of the great officers of China and
stands next in rank among the diplomats
to Ll Hung Chang.
PARIS. July 21. — Yu Ken. the Chinese
Minister here, to-day banded to the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, M. Delcasse, an
imperial edict dated July 13, giving as
surance that all the foreign Ministers ex
cept Baron von Ketteler. the German Min.
ister, were then safe and sound, under the
protection of the imperial court.
The edict was transmitted by the Vice
roy of Nanking under date of to-day and
is as follows:
"For a month past, with the exception
of the German Minister, who was assass
inated by rebels, who are under apprehen
sion of severe punishment, we have or
dered all foreign Ministers will protected
by the court and, happily, they are safe
and sound."
Continue to Report t&e Min
isters Alive and Safe and
That the Boxers Are Fight
ing One Another.
CHINESE ADHERE
TO THEIR CLAIM
This map of the East China coast from. Canton to Peking shows how
the astute old Celestial can reach the capital without interference by
the foreigners, unless overhauled by the Bonaventure, -wnlch has left
the Wusung River with the purpose, it Is said, to capture him. By
striking the coast of the province of Chekiang, opposite Haiau or
Kaiyu, he can have quick water transportation as far as Tslng-hal, near
Tientsin, whence he can by overland route easily reach the lines of the
Chinese forces now besieging the allies in that city, and thence proceed at
his leisure to Peking. LI left Canton on the ISth Inst., and after a short
stop at Hongkong proceeded north on the Chinese steamer Auplng, ostensi
bly for Shanghai. That the Bonaventure has been ordered to intercept him
is good evidence that the powers have lost faith in his sincerity.
THE PURSUIT OF LI HUNG CHANG.
WASHINGTON, July 21. — Minister Wu has received from
the Emperor of China a cable letter addressed to the President of
the United States: Part of this letter was sent to-night to Secre
tary Hay. There has been an agreement between the Secretary of
State and the Chinese Minister that nothing shall be said about
this letter until after it has been transmitted to the President at
Canton.
It'is understood here that the Emperor gives the President
information similar to that contained in the dispatch alleged to
have been, received from Minister Conger. The Emperor promises
all the assistance he can give to aid the foreigners in Peking and
intimates that the Chinese Government does not wish that the
United States should join in any declaration of war against China.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OLD MAN IS SERIOUSLY
BEATEN BY A SAILOR
'
•
James H. Riley, 63 years of age. a Cus
toms Inspector, residing at 768 Brannan
street, was assaulted while on his way
home at an early hour this morning by
Edward Houston, a sailor. Riley was
taken to the City Receiving Hospital.
whore it was found he had been severely
beaten and kicked and had received a
possible fracture of the skull.
Dr. Callahan, a veterinary surgeon,
witnessed the assault and held Houston
until the police arrived. Riley Js in a
critical condition. A charge of assault to
murder was registered against Houston.
MESSAGE FROM CHINESE
EMPEROR TO M'KINLEY
WASHINGTON, July 21.— The Navy De
partment has received the following
cablegram from Admiral Remey, dated
Taku. July 20:
"Tientsin quiet. Latest report, Russian
sources, July 13, legations Peking still
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. July .21.— A special to
the Colonist from Ottawa says it is re
ported that the three big Empress liners
of the Canadian Pacific Railway and the
Canadian Australian liner Warrimoo,
which was to sail on Friday next, are to
be requisitioned by. the admiralty to carry
troops from Esqulmalt to China. Anotn
er dispatch says communications have
been received at Ottawa from the War
Office, asking the Canadian Government
to arrange for the transport across Can
ada of large bodies of troops and great
quantities of munitions of war destined
for the Far East.
REMEY REPORTS THAT
TIENTSIN IS QUIET
EMPRESS LINERS TO
BE REQUISITIONED
ST. PETERSBURG. July 21.— On learn
ing of the bombardment of Blagovest
chensk, the Chinese Minister here asked
the Russian Government to augment as
much as possible the number of troops
now being sent to China in order to sup
press the revolt before it assumed greater
proportions. The Minister intimated that
China preferred to see peace restored
through the intervention of Russia than
of Japan. He added that he was still
without news from his Government con
cerning events in Peking, although he had
been making urgent telegraphic Inquiries.
CHINA ASKS RUSSIA
TO SEND MORE TROOPS
BERLIN. July 21.— The following tele
gram has been received from the German
Consul at Chefu:
"I have asked the Governor of the
Shantung province to forward by the
quickest route to the German Minister at
Peking the announcement of the offer of
the German empire of a reward for the
rescue of the foreigners in that city; also
to telegraph the same offer to the Ameri
can Minister through the Tsung Li Ya
men and the Governor, of Tsl Nan Fu. I
have also asked the German legation to
telegraph to the Foreign Office and also
myself cither In cipher or plain language
an account of the situation and what can
be done in the way of relief."
SEEKS TO GET WORD
THROUGH TO PEKING
Li Hung Chang's present attitude is re
garded as being characteristically dubious.
As I-i Hung Chang was booked for
Shanghai, the departure of the warship
from. the near-by port of Wusung seems
to indicate a suspicion on the part of the
Government that his real objective point
may be elsewhere, where he would not be
so easily reached, by the representatlvea
of the powers. '' - — ' " ' ' •' - ' ;
SHANGHAI, Friday, July 20.— The
British cruiser Bonaventure left
Wusung early this morning, it is
reported, to seize the Auping. with
LI Hung Chang on board. A
triumphal arch erected in Li Hung
Chang's honor has been ordered by the
Council to be removed.
LONDON, July 21.— Great Britain has
determined to capture Li Hung Chang
and hold him as a hostage. A warship
has been dispatched for this purpose and
will Intercept the Viceroy on his way to
Peking. This action is approved by other
powers.
The announcement of the British
cruiser Bonaventure's departure from
Wusung in pursuit of Li Hung Chang
comes somewhat as a surprise after the
honors paid the Chinese Viceroy at Hong
kong, but confirmation of the news will
meet the approval of a large majority, as
Great Britain Has Determined to Capture the
Chinese Diplomat, and Hold Him as
a Hostage.
holding out. Reliability of this Informa
tion uncertain. Major Regan, Captains
Noyes and Bookmiller, First Lieutenants
I.awton and Schoeffel, wounded Ninth
Infantry officers, and Second Lieutenant
Jolly. Marine Corps, sick, now aboard
Solace. Expect about thirty wounded
men. Will send all to Yokohama hos
pital."
The Lieutenant Schoeffel, who is given
among the wounded for the first time by
Admiral Remey, is Francis H. Schoeffel.
He was born in New York, and was ap
pointed to West Point from that Stare
June 16, 1SS7. He was appointed second
lieutenant of the Seventeenth Infantry
June 12, 1831; was transferred to the Ninth
Infantry June 10, 1SU2. He was made first
lieutenant September 16, 1S97, and assign
ed to the Fifth Infantry', but later was
transferred to the Ninth, and was with
that regiment in the Philippines when it
was ordered to China.
SUPPLY DEPOT AT TAKU.
CHICAGO. July 21.— A commissary de
pot for supplies for American troops now
in China or to go there will be established
at Taku under command of Major Gal
lagher of the Department of Subsistence
of the, Philippines.
TROOPS LEAVE CUBA.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 2L— The
transport Rawlins has sailed for New
York with a battalion of the Fifth In
fantry. The other battalion will go on the
McPherson about July 2S.
NOT SERIOUSLY WOUNDED.
WASHINGTON. July 21.-Admiral
Remey reports that Captain. Lemley's
wound, a gunshot in the flesh of the left
thigh, is not serious.
WARSHIP IN PURSUIT
OF LI HUNG CHANG
WASHINGTON. July 21.-The Sec
retary of the Navy received a
cable message from Admiral
Rcmey this afternoon in re
sponse to his instructions to use
and urge every effort for the relief of the
beleaguered Ministers at Peking. It Is un
derstood that Admiral Remey's message
related to the military situation at Tien
tsin and Taku :tnd the prospects of a for
ward movement on the part of the allied
forces to Peking.
It Is understood that Admiral Itemey
Fays that a strong expedition composed of
r* > I>res«ntatives of all the powers will start
from Tclntsin on August 15 for the rescue
of the foreigners imprisoned at the Chi
nese capital. The strength and composi
tion of this force as well ax the x>erson
ji'.ity of the officers* in command are not
definitely known. There is reason, how
ever, for the belief that Admiral Remey
counts upon having a good force of Amer
icans in the column. This will be in con
frequence of the arrival of expected rein
forcements at Taku before the date
named.
The Ninth Infantry, under Lieutenant
Colonel Coolidge, numbering about 1200
Allied Expedition for the Re
lief of the Legations Will
Start on the Fifteenth
of August.
DATE FIXED FOR
PEKING ADVANCE
DOCTORS FOR THE ORIENT.
WASHINGTON, July 21.-Ten assistant
surgeons have been ordered to San Fran
cisco for duty In the Philippines or China.
PARIS, July 21.— This afternoon the
cruiser Bugeaud and the transport TIgre
called from Toulon for China with a bat
talion of infantry and a heavy consign
ment of war materials.
FRENCH TROOPS SAIL.
LONDON. July 21.— A dispatch •from
Seoul, received here to-day, reports that
the Korean Government is perturbed be
cause disaffected Chinese are flocking
across the Valu River and that troops
are being sent thither. It Is reported that
the Ministers have been requested to ask
Japan to send troops to the Yalu, but that
the Russian representative objects.
CHINESE INVADE KOREA.
SHANGHAI, July 21. -- According to
Sheng, the Administrator of Telegraphs,
most of the telegrams received previous
lo the one from Minister Conger at the
State Department at Washington took a
week in transmission from Peking. The
date of Minister Conger's message is
therefore regarded In the best circles here
as further proof of Chinese duplicity.
FURTHER PROOF OF
DUPLICITY ADDUCED
DES MOINES, July 21.-Instead of a
memorial service to Minister Conger and
his wife, their daughter and their niece,
supposed to "have been murdered In China,
it is proposed by the people of Des Molnes,
if the family has escaped, to send a large
party to San Francisco to welcome them
on their return to this country. It Is not
unlikely that if Major Conger lives and
returns to the United States, he can go to
the United States Senate. Politicians say
that his appointment would insure peace
in the party.
RECEPTION TO CONGER
IF HE EVER RETURNS
men, is now at Telntsln. The Fourteenth
Infantry, under Colonel Daggett, and a
battery of the Fifth Artillery, numbering
about 1000 men. from the Philippines, are
expected to arrive at Taku on Sunday or
Monday. The transport Grant, carrying
two squadrons of the Sixth Cavalry and
a battalion of the marines and Major Gen
eral Chaffee. who Is to command the en
tire force, ia expected to arrive at Taku
about the middle of next week. There are
about 1000 men on the Grant, Including
about 500 marines, now in the vicinity of
Taku. There will be about 3700 American
troops available for the proposed expedi
tion to Peking, provided It does not start
before the 30th inst.
9
cleared from Blagovestschensk as far as
Ka^dlakhaberofsk.
Eight thousand Japanese troops arrived
at Tientsin from Taku on Monday, July 16.
Twenty-one hundred Japanese troops are
commanding the position at Chefu and 1800
at Shan Hal Kwan. Navigation of the
Pelno River from Taku to* Tientsin is now
<>a6y and. free from marauders. Owing to
the lack of houses 300 tents have been
pitched for the wounded at Tientsin. .
ST. PETERSBURG; July 21.— The Chi
nese positions on the Amur have been
HEAVY REINFORCEMENTS
OF JAPANESE ARRIVE
LONDON. July 21.— The Admiralty
thiB afternoon received the follow
ing telegram from Admiral Sey
mour:
"Tientsin and neighborhood en
tirely evacuated by Chinese."
In the absence of important news from
China, the papers devoted much space to
the discussion of the pros and cons of the
reliability of the Chinese assertion of the
safety of the Peking Ministers. A similar
discussion is being repeated In various
forms at the different European capitals.
The latest news is the dispatch from
Chefu of the date of July 20, received ia
Berlin, saying that the Governor of Shan
tung had telegraphed all the Consuls:
"1 have Just 'received authentic news to
the effect that all the Ministers are free
from molestation and under the protec
tion of the Government."
While these reiterations have been cans-
Ing some revival of hope there la . too
great a distrust of Chinese duplicity for
any acceptance of their truth.
A special from Shanghai announces the
arrival of the steamer Auplng with LI
Hung Chang. The Consuls at their pre
vious meeting agreed that If the Viceroy
called they would return the visit and
then allow him "to have an escort of 100
men when passing through the Bettle
ment, It being understood that the men
must be unarmed. . .
Admiral Seymour Reports
Their Complete Evacu
ation of the Vicinity of
tbe Recent Fighting
BOXERS RETIRE
FROM TIENTSIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
rHEFI'. July 19, via Shanghai, July
21.— The attack on the native city
Uof Tientsin on July 13 resulted in
the narrowest escape from what
penned up to midnight would be a
terrible disaster for the allies. The Rus-
Fians pwingin? north and the other allies
Fouth, at daybreak the Russians were to
lake the forts near the native city wall
and the othor allies the city Itself.
General Fukushima, the Japanese com
mander, promised that the Japanese en
pincerF, after three hours' shell fire from
the Buns, wou'.d cross the bridge over the
¦wall, and, blowing up the great pouth
pate, make a broach for the infantry to
enter.
I'pon this d^pend^d everything. Gen
oral Fukushima had not scouted the
bridge and in twenty-four hours had not
Fcouted the pround over which the charge
on the bridge had to be made.
The Chinese destroyed the bridge and
flooded the land around it. The allies'
thell fire in nowise pubdued the Chinese
rifle fire from the loopholed wall, which
»as thirty feet high, with a moat twenty
feet in depth around it.
An outer wall of mud made it impos-
Fible for the infantry and marines com
ing on the field to reply to the Chinese
fire. They lost fifty men In ten min
utes, then rushed back from the mud
v.all which they had reached.
Somebody Blundered.
General Dorward, the British com
mander, rushed forward with a frag
mentary instead of an integral skirmish
line. The American mannas and the
"Welsh Fusiliers, together, under com
mand of Waller, were on the extreme
Wt. Then the British infantry and the
Krench advanced, with the Japanese,
elong the road toward the gate in the
mud wall.
Dorward's plan for the Americans to
support the Japanese was not made clear
to Colonel Liscum of the Ninth United
Rate? Infantry. Dorward lays the blame
for the blunder and sacrifice of life on
Liscum. but Dorward's chief of stuff was
heard to Fay when I-iscum moved:
"Get in down the road anywhere
quickly."
Colonel Llscum hurriedly led his men
through the gate in as open order as
I>OEE ( .ble. They were immediately under
Meanwhile the wounded came struggling
and crawling through the gate In the mud
•wall. There was no order. They were sent
anywhere, without men to carry the lit
ters. The doctors were hit by the sharp
shooters while trying to attend the wound
ed of the Ninth. They could not attempt
to carry off the wounded from the bloody
field.
All day long the allies' line lay under
any cover they could find, running out of
ammunition. The July sun was beating
down on them and they had nothing to
drink but the salty marsh water.
Regan was hit immediately afterward
"Get at them if you can," the dying of
ficer said, and added as his last words,
"Don't retreat, boys; keep on firing."
"I've got it." he said as he fell.
At 12:30 o'clock the line had just reached
the shore of the canal and thirty yards
separated them from the houses when the
color-bearer fell. Colonel Liscum picked
up the colors and stood looking around ap
parently for a ford.
"Better get down or they'll hit you,"
shouted Major Regan.
"I guess not," was Llscum's reply.
The next instant a sharpshooter's bullet
went through the colonel's abdomen.
The Americans charged into the flank
fire with rushes. The ground over which
they charged was marshy and lined with
ditches. It was evidently Colonel Lis
cum's intention to rush the houses from
which the flank fire was coming and thus
get a position for flanking the wall.
Death of Gallant Liscum.
Three thousand rifles probably were
turned on them with an accuracy which
has amazed every officer among the allies.
The blue shirts of the American troops
made them distinct marks, whereas the
khaki uniforms of the allies could Jjot be
Colonel Liscum, guiding his men.qpilkeo
up and down the line, not even ducking
his head while the bullets fell around.
Before the two battalions of Americans,
numbering 426 men, could extend them
selves they were subjected, besides the
fire from the loopholes in the forts, to a
fierce fire from the embrasures In a line
of fortified mud houses on either flank.
fire. The staff saw them pass over the
bridge leading to a field, which proved to
be a cul de sac.
Major Regan, Captain Bookmlller and
Captain Xoyes were each hit twice.
Noyes, who was adjutant, was hit In
the arm before going into the field, and
then hit in the leg. lie crawled back
through the ditch with the water to his
neck to report the situation to Colonel
Dorward.
Americans Fall Back.
At 1 o'clock General Fukushima reported
in writing to Dorward that the Japanese
were in the city. 1 could_see the loop
holes blazing bullets and lyddite shells.
No infantry could charse in the face of
this fire from 2 o'clock until 5. Thus, act-
Iner conjointly, neither Dorward nor Fuku
shima knew each other's whereabouts.
Under cover of darkness the men of the
Ninth crept back from their dangerous
position, bearing their wounded. They ex
ecuted this movement with a loss of one
man killed. The casualties were ninety
one men and live officers out of 425.
The marines lost thirty, including Cap
tain Davis, who was shot through the
heart while talking to Colonel Meade on
the night of July 13.
It was decided to withdraw when news
came that the Chinese were evacuating.
The Russians were not so successful as
was hoped during the day, and the total
loss of the allies was 700.
The Japanese losses were severe. The
Japanese were most pallant in the fight.
But for the Americans stopping- the flank
tire the Japanese loss would have been
much heavier.
The French, Japanese, American and
British troops entered the city at 2 o'clock
on the morning of July 14. Their entry
was unopposed. The American flag at
half-mast was hoisted over the south
gate. The walls were strewn with the
corpses of Chinese soldiers killed by the
shell tire which caused their flight. None
apparently were hit by bullets, the dam
age being done by lyddite shells.
There Is a terrible row over the burning
of the town. Several foreign officers^ are
reported lost.
The tired soldiers remained on the walla.
The natives went looting through the Chi
nese town. The bank and the arsenal were
heavy sufferers.
The American wounded crowd the hospi
tal, but all are doing- well. The flags of
the allied armies are all half-masted.
Colonel Llscum was buried at Tongku.
American Contingent Placed in an Exposed Posi
tion and Scores of Lives Sacrificed Because
of a Misunderstanding.
BLUNDERS OF OFFICERS IN
THE BATTLE OF TIENTSIN
HEAD OF THE YUN-HO, OR GRAND CANAL, AT PEKING.
From Le Monde IlluMre.
The northern part of this waterway Is paid to have been built by Kublal Khan, the first Emperor of the Tartar
dynasty, in 12S0-13C8 A. D. It is 650 miles long: and with the rivers intervening connects Peking:, the capital of the north,
with Nanking-, the capital of the south, and, in fact, all the Yaufftse Valley and Kast Central China. Its southern- termi
nus in Hanpchow, in the province of Chekiang, some fifty miles south of Shanghai. The part of the canal between the
Hoargho and the Yangtse Kiang is said to have been built, 500 B. C. %
22
Never Disappoints. Sold br all drug-
gists, $1.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is determined by the test— Does It cure?
We know Hood's Sarsaparilla does cure.
People who take it for any disease caused
by bad blood or a low state of the system
say It cures. It is the great pure blood
maker, stomach tonic and nerve strength-
enor. It cures dyspepsia, nervousness,
debility, that tired feeling, and all blood
diseases. Get only Hood's, because
The Merit
of a Medicine
DOLLAR LOTS— 3d Floor.
1 little boys' suit. 3. 4. 5. «. T. dark.... « l.OO
6 men's or boys' straw hats, sood l.OO
1 man's black Fedora hat l.OO
20 pairs men's half-hose, common...... 1.OO
8 assorted neckties, men's two-bit l.OO
1 pair $3 fur pants. NOME l.OO
1 sheeppelt-llned Jacket. $3 kind l.OO
3 fur-llned sleeping hoods l.OO
1 S". cork' life-preserver l.OO
3 pairs big: boys' overalls l.OO
4 pairs men's common working slov«». l.OO"
3 pairs better quality 'work gloves........ !.<>•>
1 13-in. imitation alligator satchel 1.0O\
1 26-ln. telescope satchel l.OO/
1 lS-ln. canvas telescope, leather bound. l.OO
K yds. table oilcloth, whits or colored.. l.OO
2 pairs of men's overalls, to sli» 40 l.OO
1 rood feather pillow 1.00
1 chenille table cover, 5-4 or «-4 l.OO
1 undershirt or drawers for men, wool.. l.OO
2 undershirts or drawers, ribbed for men, l.OO
1 high-grade white shirt, laundered l.OO
1 California flannel shirt, to size 40 l.OO
5 window poles with trimmings complete. l.OO
1 larsre white bedspread l.OO
I *ood. colored bedspread 1.00
1 heavy comfort, medium quality — l.OO
20 yards ecru scrim, standard width l.OO
1 pair white or colored blankets, cotton. l.OO
1 pair lace curtains, white or ecru l.OO
12 wood chair seats. 14 and 15 Inches l.OO
10 double rolls of wallpaper l.OO
1 common kitchen table 1.OO
25 CENTS-Ist Floor.
3 small-handled baskets US
S cream Jues, little and big •--- --"?
1 painted chamber kettle [-J
2 large cans brown bread. Eastern -£>
50 lbs. table salt, clean, dry .' -*••"*
1 pot Cudahy' extract beef, the best JK>
1 iarge Jar Armour's ViRoral (ex. beef>.. 2.%
1 fancy 50-cent glass candlestick —•»
J extension wire window screen —5
10 cakes assorted toilet and laundry «oap -%
2 Jars marmalade, large, pure £»
2 two-lb. Una pure currant Jelly j~*
4 tins pie grapes or plums — •>
1 gallon pie peaches, pears or apricots.. -5
25 CENTS-2d Floor.
1 China doll. 19 Inches long........ .. 2X
1 set telescope blocks. 30-cent kind I i:?!
1 pair ladies' Taffeta Kl°ves. black S»
1 dozen school handkerchiefs _S
2 white duck cushion squares „ ..»
1 ladies* leather or *ilk belt UTi
1 ladies' Jersey ribbed vest, icray SS
1 pair ladies' Jersey ribbed pants, gray.. 25
1 clillds' white lawn apron 21
1 ladles' trtnKham kitchen apron iTX
1 ladies' black sateen apron UT»
1 Infants' Ions dress or slip i:{V
1 infants' elegant white bib IKfV
5 toys frames, books. .->c kind .' 2."» r
1 U S flas. W incb»s long s.i
23 regular photograph envelnr.es U.1
B rul»d tablets, note size, good 2S
I 1 little boy's 50c drum un
' 1 pair little- babies* shoes. 1 to 4 2T»
| 2'» spools of buttonhole twist sn
• 12 spools manufacturer's cotton, black.. UT»
1 two-pieoe set— toy set. ,... 2X
1 toy wash ret. woodenware *iR
1 pair little boys' overalls, to 6 years -~ 2r»
1 pair of me^'s working" gloves 'Z7*
1 bound book, erilt top 'Zr.
S rolls toilet paper 25
25 Cents— 3d Floor.
1 youths' washable vest, 16. IT. M 2%
1 pair gold sleeve buttons a."»
; 1 gold scarf pin with setting.. ITS
12 papers tacks, assorted for family use.. 2S
| 1 large bottle furniture varnish ._ if^l
1 leather shawl Etrap. good. 5 feet...... - vn
1 man's or boy's straw hat...:.. *£»
1 man's or boy's golf cap 25
CASH STORt
Our readers will be glad to know that this
oM reliable house is now running full blast
under the management of the SMITHS. ,
; Our lonp list of articles mailed free of for-
age will Interest you and save you money. TFaa
20-pase price list, the "Home Circle." sent freo
as heretofore. Address as above at
25-27 Market St, San Francisco, Ca!.
. -
EVERYTHING
ONE DOLLAR!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i Thinking t
I Food, t
I Grape-Nuts I
1 The... . *
t Brain Food I
GRAPE-NUTS.Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July 21.— It has just leaked
out that the Countess Russell filed a peti
tion for divorce on June Z7. Among other
allegations she declared that the Earl has
been living contrary to law with Mrs. Mol
lie Somerville, whom he married in Amer
ica.
On April 17 last it was announced In the
cable dispatches that Earl Russell had
been married to V. Mollie Cooke at Reno.
Nev. The announcement came through
the printed marriage notice, sent by cable,
which appeared in the English papers. 'At
that time It was stated that in 1S90 Earl
Russell had married Mabel, daughter of
Sir Claude Scott, the next year she having
sued him for divorce, making charges of
cruelty and other allegations of a very
serious character.
The matter created a great scandal in
England, and according to the dispatches
Countess Russell failed to prove the
charges, and she was compelled to pay
the costs of the action, which amounted
to over J25.000. -Jler mother, Mary Scott,
mother of Lady Scott, was later convicted
and imprisoned for libeling Earl Russell,
and the Countess was convicted of libelins
H A Roberts, master of Bath College,
who was mentioned in the charges Count
ess Russell had made against her hus-
In 1*96 the Countess sued for the restitu
tion of her conjugal rights, retracting all
the charges she had madp against her hus
band. The Countess lost her case and
afterward went on the stape.
The next heard about the rase was when
it was announced that the Earl had mar
ried Mollie Cooke. Then there was talk
of bigamy, and it was said various suits
were to be brought in England. It was.
claimed the Nevada marriage was illegal,
but the Earl in an interview before his de
parture for England asserted that every
thing had been regular, that his first wife
had been bothering him for years in the
English courts, where she had been inva
riably non-suited. The Earl and his bride
sailed for London immediately after his
marriage, taking passage on the Ivernia
of the Cunard iine. It was said at the time
that Miss Ccoke had secured a divorcs
from her husband before she married the
Earl. At any rate when the pair arrived
in London, on May S. the Earl took the
charges quite calmly and said his friends
understood the whole affair.
The English papers referred to the
woman whom he had married in America
as "a lady he recently married in the
States." Since then nothing has been
heard of the case.
Countess Asserts, Moreover, That the
Divorce of the Defendant's Sec
ond Wife Was Never Prop
erly Granted.
Allegations That His Recent
Wedding in Nevada
Was Illegal.
DIVORCE SUIT
FILED AGAINST
EARL RUSSELL
Copyrighted. 1M0, by the Associated Press.
PARIS, July 21.— "Is it anarchy or war?"
If this question were answered to the en
tire satisfaction of the powers there might
be some light on the future situation in
China, but with the absolute lack of trust
worthy information all are acting in-- the
dark. No one is willing to hazard a guess
as to what the outcome is to be. The
powers perceive In the present tension
of the anti-foreign movement the birth
of a spirit of patriotism which they never
met with before in their dealings with the
Chinese people. In the Chino-Japanesc
war Central and Southern China held
aloof.
Doubt Li's Sincerity.
"Western civilization," said an official
oi the Foreign Office to a representative
of the Associated Pre^s, "is apparently
face to face with a gigantic problem.
This time the powers have to deal not
merely with the defenders of the Manchu
dynasty, but, to all appearances, with
an uprising of the mass of the Chinese
people, who imagine that the European
powers for the past two years have been
aiming not to overthrow the dynasty, but
to seize- China. This seems to have given
rise to a spirit of patriotism. We fear
that North China will not alone be in
volved In the anti-foreign outburst, but
that the Yangtse-Kiang Valley will soon
be caught in tne vortex. There have been
Indications recently whfrh inspire us with
this apprehension. The movement of drill
ed forces northward Is one of them. The
departure ot Li Hung Chang from Canton
northward is, in our minds, a very grave
feature of the situation. Much will de
pend upon the direction in which his in
riuence Is exerted. His reticence and the
absence of a precise indication of hia posi
tion cannot be regarded as reassuring.
"During the Chino-Japanese war, when
tne Japanese were inflicting serious defeat
on the Chinese, the Viceroys of the cen
tral and southern provinces, in which was
a great number of drilled troops, were
instructed by Li Hung Chang not to send
their soldiers north, but at the present
moment these troops are under orders to
march toward Peking."
The French Government still entertains
hopes of the safety of the legations in
Peking, in view of to-day's advices. It
also declines to believe that any discord
will break out among the powers, espe
cially between Russia and Japan. Russia
has her hands full with affairs in Man
churia, where if is pointed out, she has
been taken as much by surprise as have
been the other powers. The invasion of
Russian territory by the Chinese astound
ed the Russian Government, which little
supposed the Chinese were in such
strength or so well armed in the territory
contiguous to Russia.
That no present break will occur In the
accord of the powers is the general opin
ion in diplomatic spheres.
One embassador explained that during
a time of storm one could find wild
animals which ordinarily are the bitterest
of enemies, and willing to. fight to the
death, lying peacefully together in. a
single place of safety. This, he thought,
fitted the present case in China, and so
long as the storm lasted the concord
among the powers vas assured. After
that it was difficult to see the outcome.
The torrid weather in the United States
has had Its duplicate here. During tho
last week the thermometer registered be
tween 90 and S5 degrees, touching the
maximum on Friday, 102 In the shade,
making it tho hottest day ever recorded
In Paris. This extreme heat continues
to-day without any indication of a break.
Diplomatic Corps Generally of the
Opinion That There Will Bo
No Discord Among the
Nations.
Know Not Whether An
archy or War Rages in
the Orient.
POLICIES OF
POWERS NOT
DETERMINED
Issue of Postage.
WASHINGTON, July 21.— The annual
statement showing the total Issue of post
age stamps, etamp books, stamped en
velopes. newspaper wrappers and postal
cards for the fiscal yeax ending Juna SO,
1300, was given out at tho Postofflce De
partment to-day. It shows the aggregate
number of all such matter Issued to have
been 5^S3,SS7.010 articles, valued at J37,
6S7.772.
further element of doubt that has turned
the experts completely topsy-turvy. The
greatest sufferer in this respect is John
Cole, the venerable dean of St. Paul's.
A few hours after the Associated Press
dispatch giving the news of the mes
sage from Minister Conger was published
the Government issued a notice that the
dean's projected memorial service on
Monday for the victims of the Peking
massacre was undertaken without its
sanction.
Simultaneously letters appeared In the
papers from relatives of those at Peking
saying the dean had shown indecent
haste, while the aristocratic Morning
Post denounced the Cathedral dignitaries
in terms almost as strong as It had ap
plied to the Boxers themselves, where
upon the dean got up his back and de
clared that it was too late to cancel the
service, but that, owing to pressure from
high quarters to-day, he had consented
to indefinitely postpone it.
The Financial End.
According to the Statist. Russia Is like
ly to bear the brunt of the financial bur
den of the Chinese case, on account of the
probability that that Government would
be obli^d to incur a large outlay to pro
tect Siberia, while if the Government
should attempt to hold Manchuria the
output would be still greater. This,
however, would benefit other European
markets, as Russian gold would probably
have to be sent to England, Germany and
France. So the money markets may be
relieved to greater extent than is new
calculated, for if Russia lets go of say
20,000.000 or 30,000,000 pounds sterling it will
be an immense addition to the funds In
the markets of Europe.
The Statist says it is likeiy the Bank
of France will raise the discount rate to
2H per cent, and declares that the posi
tion of Germany is greatly improved.
The week in Parliament was marked
by still another backdown by the Gov
ernment in withdrawing the clause of the
army bill making voters available for ser
vice" abroad.
Such a sweeping change met with stren
uous opposition on both sides, and after
pleading for the proposal the 1'nder Sec
retary of State for War, George Wynd
ham. meekly withdrew it. This was an
other instance of the Government's amaz
ing Inability to feel the pulse of the House
of Commons and the nation. The Star,
voicing the opinion of the advanced Radi
cals, approved the withdrawal of the
clause, but fails to see how imperialists
could oppose it, for "you cannot assert
your hegonomy in China, your suzerainty
in Africa, claim the golden ' stool of
Ashanti, teach France her manners and
wield a longer spear than Russia without
courting disaster or fearing conscription."
The hospitals' committee has started the
work cf examining patients who have re
turned to England from South Africa. Ex
perts will start for South Africa at the
end of next week.
South African Matters.
David Lloyd George, member for Car
narvon district, elicited the fact In the
House of Commons the other day that
over 12,C<«) troops have been sent to South
Africa since the capture of Pretoria,
which scarcely looks like the war is over.
The stem treatment now being meted out
to the Bot-rs by banishing them to St.
Helena and which is sending women into
the Boer ranks has created no little out
cry among those who are opposed to the
war. though the majority appear to be
lieve r.o measures can be too severe in
order to bring to an end the sanguinary
struggle that is nearing its first anniver
sary-
In purely home matters R. E. Foster,
the youthful captain of the Oxford cricket
team, is ouite the man of the hour. Be
sides breaking the interuniversity record
this week, he has broken all records by
making centuries in both innir.ps for the
gentlemen of England against the players.
The Chronicle mentions that the Duke
of Maryborough is likely to succeed the
Earl of Hopetoun as Lord ChamKerlain.
and adds that the Duke's return from
South Africa is due to the offer of this
post. The Duke of Marlborough is al
ready a paymaster rif the forcps. which Is
generally considered a stepping stone to
the post of Lord Chamberlain, but those
who ought to know discredit- the report
of the rrosP^Mve promotion, saying the
Duke has scarcely had experience enough
to qualify him to perform the arduous
duties that the Earl of Hopetoun is now
giving up to become Governor Genera) of
the Australian commonwealth.
At Charles Wyndham's theater on Tues
day T. P. O'Connor made a brilliant debut
as a playwright in a play founded on G.
IV Cable's "Madame Delphine," but with
many changes and new characters. One
of the latter, a negro mammy, which is
Quite new to the English stage, and proved
the chief artistic character, was taken by
Amy Height, a colored actress from Bos
ton The production of this play took the
novel shape of "at home." all the audience
beinsr guests of Mrs. O'Connor and Mrs.
I a Bouchere (formerly Miss Henrietta
Hod«on. an actress), who had rehearsed
the play and acted jas 6ta*e manager at
this performance. The audience included
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman. Bronson
Howard, Dr. Adler, Mrs. Mackay
COUNT BONI DE CASTELLANE.
PARIS. July 21.— Court Bonl de Castellane, who married Miss Anna Gould
of New York, fought a duel to-day with Count Orlowski in the outskirts
of Paris. In the first assault Count Orlowski was wounded In the thorax
and the duol was stopped by the doctors.
The conditions cf the duel were that the contest should continue until one
of the combatants was absolutely unable to continue. The cause of the duel
was a newspaper article reciting a quarrel between the two occurring in Count
Boni de Castellane's house.
Count Orlowski charged Castellane with responsibility for the article. The
seconds failed to reach a satisfactory arrangement and decided that a meeting
was necessary.
CepjTiEttea. DM, by the Associates Preas.
LON'DON*. July 21.— The request of Sec
retary of State Hay to the powers to
make aa Immediate forward movement
upon Peking is not likely to meet with
any success in England. Lord Salisbury
is just as eag-e-r as the American Secre
tary cf State to adept such a step, but he
Is practically convinced that it will not
be possible until September, owing to
local conditions and the allies' luck of
equipment. Beyond a courteous reply
that England is willing to co-operate in
any movement that the commanders on
the spot may deem advisable, nothing is
likely to come of the latest American
effort to reach the Chinese capital, for all
official advices received here indicate that
a dash toward Peking in the immediate
f'-fjre would be military suicide.
The Government's attitude may be
taken as a philosophic determination to
grin ar.d bear it. hoping for the be?t, yet
'earing the worst, until troops and cli
matic conditions enable the pov.-ers to
enter Peking and ascertain without a
ehsdow cf doubt the extent and cause of
China's present disintegration. L'r.til
that is accomplished every opinion worth
repeating is suspended, not only regard
ing the future ct China but also as to the
rature and severity cf the retribution to
be exacted.
No Risk Too Great.
Meanwhile, English journals which are
bound to express ophilons of some sort,
and a majority of the Kngllsh people, who
are unable to restrain their feelings in the
face of this war. declare that in so great
an emergency no rUk is too great, an<3
couple T.ith this a sentiment of genuir.e
appreciation of American efforts to allevi
ate the situation, and especially as re
pards sending \Y. W. Rockhlll as a special
commissioner 10 China and in the at
tempts j_o communicate with Mr. Conger,
and the sensible methods employed in
ciplomatic endeavor to provide the allies
with a common basis of action.
Between what is generally termed the
lethargy in Downing street and the ac
tivity at Washington there are many
comparisons drawn that have all the
ttirp of acute t^Ji'-critieism.
Mir.ister Conger's telegram has intro
duced Into the situation, already replete
with uncertainties and perplexities, a still
John Cole, the Venerabla Dean of St.
Paul's, Is Saverely Criticized for
Proposing to Hold a Me-
HLoria.1 Service.
Secretary • Hay's Plan Is
Coldly Received in
London.
ENGLISH BELIEVE
DASH TO PEKING
WOULD BE UNWISE
Copyright, 13C0, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, July 21.— The Chinese siHuation
takes on a radically different shape on
news which has reached here from Rus
sia, What Europe hitherto knew about
the troubles in Manchuria was what the
Russian Government chose to let pass.
Xow a number of reports, some of them
official, jj but a majority private, have
reached here from St. Petersburg, which
tally In the main and paint the situation
in Chinese Manchuria and along the. 1500
kilometers of borderland, on the Siberian
side of which the Amur River forms a
frontier, as much more dangerous for
Russia than has hitherto been supposed.
The Associated -Press correspondent has
obtained at the Russian embassy here a
partial, though cautious confirmation of
the foregoing statement. .A military con
tributor to the Tageblatt says official Rus
sian news showed the Chinese regular
troops, aided by irregulars, in all number
ing about 120.000, are in open war against
Russia. They not only demanded the with
drawal of the Russians from Chinese ter
ritory, but after the Russian refusal to
withdraw the Chinese assumed the of
fensive and drove off the Russians from
railroad construction and are undertaking
hostile operations against Harbin, Blago
vestchensk and other towns, shelling the
last named place. What makes the Chi
nese hostilities extremely dangerous, how
ever, is the fact that the Chinese, by a
series of recently constructed redoubts
absolutely command the navigation of the
Amur River for a distance of twentv
versts, thus Russian troop
transports on the onlv route open, at Iea«<t
until those fortifications shall have been
taken by the Russians.
Though the Russian censorship is again
most severe regarding telegrams, news
reached here to-day from St. Peters
burg that Blaprovestchenskhad been taken
by the Chinese, who seized large amounts
of money in the Russo-Chinese bank therj
Russia Actually at War.
All reports ajrree that the Russian Gov
ernment now considers that. Russia Is act
ually at war with China: that the shilly
shally policy hitherto maintained will be
dropped; that Russia i3 now hurriedlv
preparing for a serious campaign In Xorth
China, separate from the otlier powers
and that Russia will not be able nor will
ing, under these altered circumstances, to
bear an adequate share in the Tientsin-
Peking campaign.
The Russian forces available along the
border and throughout North China are
said to comprise twenty-six battalions of
the line, twenty-seven battalions of re
serves, seventeen Cossack/ regiments ana
seventeen fleM batteries, Vnaking a total
of about/"78,00»J men. -
The Lloyd line steamer Sachisen. which
has arrived at Genoa from China^reports
having been Hred upon by Chinese coast
forts and slightly damaged while going
from Yokohama homeward.
Dr. Mumm von Schurzensteln has gone
to China, nominally as the German repre
sentative for East Asia, because Germany
has not yet been officially informed of the
death of Baron yon Ketteler. Dr. Mumm
goes not accredited to the Chinese Gov
ernment but empowered to negotiate with
single or joint Viceroys, or Governors.
The German newspapers have this week
contained much editorial comment and
news regarding the American political
campaign and commerce, mainly compli
mc-ntary except as regards imperialism.
The Kreuz Zeitung says:
"The United States is now In a new era
of political activity and encountering un
suspected great hindrances and dinicul
ties, but which can neither be removed or
overcome hurriedly. Spread-eagleism is a
species of expensive luxury."
The 3rltish Embassador, Lord Gough,
told the Associated Press correspondent
that all the Cabinets were still acting
upon the assumption that the Ministers
were still alive. The Forelgm .Office has
taken no further steps concerning the
Chinese Minister. Officials there say that
if he leaves he will do so of his own voli
tion.
Newspaper Men Barred Out.
The Chinese Minister has ordered all
members of the legation to refuse to see
newspaper correspondents.
The Chinese embassy here late to-day
communicated to the Foreign Office tho
decree of the reigning Emperor, Kwang
Su, the decree which the embassy re
ceived this morning from the Viceroy of
Nanking 1 . The decree is a lengthy docu
ment and was addressed to the Viceroys,
ordering them to suppress the Boxer
movement and to protect foreigners. It
expresses regret for the murders of Baron
von Ketteler and tho Japanese attache,
but does not mention any of the other
members of the legation.
A report from Hamburg says that de
tectives have arrested the secretary of
the United States consulate at that place
for the embezzlement ol 25,000 marks. Two
American ladies In 1S9S commissioned the
consulate to collect :i legacy of 200,(KK)
marks, of which 50,000 had been already
collected. The ladies being unable to ob
tain their money called, in the local police
with the result as stated. .
The Berliner Post complains of America
that the policy of the United States in
the matter of China is indefinite. This
that newspaper attributes to the fact that
the Presidential election is approaching.
The German Fleet Society will send on
August 5 a news expedition to China for
the purpose of reporting events entirely
independent of English or other news
gathering concerns. The expedition will
consist of from fifteen to twenty men
equipped with telegraph apparatus, auto
wireless telegraphs and heliographs. Em
bassador White's suggestion that the
European governments unite in establish
ing some system of regular intercourse
with Peking has been received by the
Foreign Office in the most friendly spirit.
Embassador White was assured that Ger
many would do everything in her povrer to
assist the United States, but the Foreign
Office admitted that it would be impossi
ble at the present time to carry out such
a plan. >
The alleged dispatch from Minister
Conger and all the other reassuring Chi
nese advices received here are viewed by
the German officials with extreme skepti
cism and Em'ofiFsador White has cabled
the Washington authorities.
Little Faith in the Alleged Dis
patch From Minister Conger
That the Legrationers
Are Safe.
COUNT DE CASTELLANE
TRIUMPHS IN A DUEL
Titled Husband of Anna Gould Wounds
Count Orlowski in,an Affair
of Honor.
EPITOME OF IMPORTANT EVENTS
IN CAPITALS OF THE OLD WORLD
GERMAN VIEW
OF SITUATION IN
ORIENT CHANGED
Dispatches From Russia
Put Matters in a New
Light.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLL, SUNDAY, .. JULY 22, 1900.
KAISER TO CONFER WITH
i V ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
Prelate Responds to an Urgent Mes
sage to Visit Berlin Before
Going to Rome.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
NEW YORK, July 21.— A World special
from Paris says Emperor William has
sent a special courier to Archbishop Ire
land in Parl3 with an autograph letter
from the Emperor requesting the Arch
bishop to visit him at Berlin before going
to Rome. The letter intimates that mat
ters of urgency are at stake and that a
visit after the prelate had been to Rome
would be of no avail. This information
has up to this time been carefully guard
ed from the press, but was given to the
World correspondent on the . highest
authority.
Archbishop Ireland is due In . Rome on
July 29. - He has replied ' to the Kaiser's
message that he will call on him before
going to aee .the Pope. . . ..... . . .
POOLSELLEB LOSES.
Judge Smith Declares That the Los
Angeles Ordinance Is Valid.
Special Dispatch' to The Call.
LOS ANGELES," July 21.— In a decision
handed down . to-day by Judge Smith of
the Superior Court the ordinance prohibit
ing the running of poolrooms is declared
valid. F. D. Black, who was recently ar
rested for violating the ordinance, ap
peared before the court on habeas corpus
proceedings, alleging on technical grounds
that the ordinance is defective. After re
viewing the entire case Judge Smith holds
that the procedure of the Council was not
illegal and ordered the defendant remand
ed. BSS&8SiSiS$*t : ¦ — - - -^. . ..
23
On T0-M0RR0W, Monflag, we will
commence the most important Reduc-
tion Sale of Cloaks, Suits, Waists, Skirts,
Gloves, Slack and colored Dress Goods,
Linings, etc, ever held in this citn.
Our object is to reduce our present
enormous stock on hand to make room
for our new fall stock now-in transit,
Note the following Remarkable Values.
MISSES' GOLF CAPES, regular price $300; marked down Qt j-q
MISSES' REEFERS, in all shades, regular price $4-°o; -4%'
marked down to v*.JU
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS fedd sizes), regular f|A
price $7-5O, $10.00 and $12.50; marked down to 3>3»V»U
LADIES' WHITE PIQUE SKIRTS, regular price $3.00; *t f\f\
marked down to *5I.VIU
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, new styles; marked down to 1*>r
BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS.
48-INXH ALL-WOOL NAVY BLUE SERGE, regular price o-
60c; marked down to OOC
46-INCH BLACK CREPON: regular price $1.00; marked Kf|r»
down to OUC
LININGS! LININGS!
5000 yards BLACK and GRAY SILESIA, regular pries A»/»
X2^'ic: marked down to O4C
5000 yards BLACK and COLORED MOREEN, resu- .-ji
lar price 20c; marked down to I^2C
Our Stock is Entirely New. •
Our principle is not to carry one season's
goods to the next.
Reductions will be found genuine.
UiU Dill Hil & vUi
1146 Market Street.
ADVEBTISE3O1XTS.
D-pcr.dable Druj*
Health
All
i Right?
If you need medicine
The Owl can help you. We
have every knenvn rcmeSy
- — cut rates, too.
Nothing ever gets old or
1 stale here — too /much busi-
ness.
Pir.kharr.'? Ompo-nd 75c
Avers Chc-ry Pectoral . 2c<
Sczodor.t 20c
Scott's Eraulsion 40c
Su-amp Poot 40c
Stuart's Dy??er's:ayrab!eis 40:
Pierce's Femecies 75c
Carter's Pills 15c
Cascsreis j[ roc, soc, 40c
Abbey's Salts ' 20c. 40c, 8^c
Cuticurs Scap 15c
Pears' Soap i;c
Svrjp of Figs 35c
Castoria 25c
frtt ieUven-to raflre«2 rxv'V *!ft'a
»ao c'.ies oa criers of 5*ur up.
M1123 I«ARKET ST
______ SAN rRANCISCO
10th *wo^pROAPWAY t O»KLft?<u
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H -=^».-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ii Mrs - F - w< Goulder, 12C3 Focrth avenue. P-ock Is^xd, EL,
B JSl§j§l|f If with catarrhal difficulties and was grow-
I '" ; \\^/)S^'% I from the first Independent of curing
g V^\^ \ 1 that, the Peruna has greatly improved
If ) I my general health."
HI 3UllC.CL I flit lAkl hnrpfi V PI "Every bottle of Feruna is worth Its weight In #td. «P«-
m ml99 tarlLUlAN URCCSi H cially to 'me for I owe my present grood health to Peruna. It
KB • kJ has been a blessing from God to me. For any one that 13 cured
Sf nreUTir #S ' ¥8* of chronic catarrh or any disease by the use of Peruna Is per-
m L/t&HTluO, El manently cured, and they are strong and healthy ever after.
$3$ • fia Peruna is a household safeguard and blessms to suffering hu-
£§ • WlCrOKICIM Kf manity. Whenever 1 have the opportunity I recommend Pe-
m W l9VW!W9lri» ra ' runa ' t0 the sick and suffering ones. I tell them what it has
fit? m done for me and many oth*r*. I only wish every home could
Kg |£i have a copv of your invaluable books, especially Health, ana
ml' ' * m^— — — . 1 "' JPi Beauty." flvery woman should have one."
Miss Lillian Drees, a graduated nurse predicting a great relief or cure after its f 0 Qp Hartman. I followed hfS
S^-^Tui l rS2.1Sr^SS 3ha?If r8ar "* ™"™« EE °- adv,ce, and only used three boWes
from Peshtigo. wis., says the following: «/ j 0 no f believe I would be liv- of Peruna ana Manalin. Now I am
"During the past three years I ing now if it were not for you. I well and as strong as I ever was."
have seen Peruna used in several had suffered with flow of blood for p,,™,, an^ Cmt TW
severe cases of kidney and bla'dder four months, and the doctors reruna l£e ureai 10H1C.
troubles with such excellent re- could help me but little. They w S7 3:^ m D |,; l d'to S TeTi\"Tam^tni
suits that I am satisfied that it is operated on me three times. It gS^g^SigS i B lZ/TA US5
one of the best remedies on the was very painful and I only ob- h f££ ««f a^ e e r v e^mm d ended° r Jour *,£££
market to cure these diseases, it tawed little relief. As long as "Vo^T^'it^ffter"^^^
is also a most aesirable medicine they worked at me the blood stop- 1 f nen^fot *££"££.
for women to use in curing weak- ped; but just as soon as they closed Y^ y^%Lt l^T^ t^lml^hli
nesses peculiar to their sex. the door it would commence to Jr^eSmorl^Mrs^Da'Thal £25
"I have tried it several times myself and How again. I WOS SO Weak I COuld •*£fi^^%££^t&£rS£*&.
have had my friends use it with such uni- nn f f urn , n nef / Then I (innlied J umbus - ohio - for a book entitled "Sum-
form success that I always feel safe in nai lurn In QGa ' ' rwn ' "ppilUU m er Catarrh," written by Dr. Hartman.
<fy^=i-2|n£gD ¦ ..' h 1 -I
OUifCREDIT SYSTEM
IS SUPERB.
Country houses, hotels, flats
completely furnished, with free
delivery.
: BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open ETgnlnx*. Xar PowrfLFORT WORTH. Tex.. July ZL— Reports
from the border say hundreds of China
men are being landed in the republic of
Mexico and are making their way to th«
border in an effort to get Into the United
States. It is said thousands of Chinese
are coming to America to escape the war
raging in the Chinese empire.
HUNDREDS OF CHINESE
FLOCKING INTO MEXICO
fruit season has been a disappointing one
and that while the contracts made early
in the season were at prices that promised
at least a fair profit, the Eastern market
has been so bad that prices realized have
not amounted to freight and refrigeration
on pears and plums and the fruit has been
;a total loss to the shippers for the past
month.- - T ¦ ¦-«
Mrs. Sarah Woolsey.
&he JDat/'s &ead
NEW HAVEN', Conn., July 21.— Sarah
Woolsey, widow of the late Theodore
Woolsey, ex-president of the University
of Yale, died at her home in this city to
day in her seventy-seventh year.
Mrs. Julia Stone.
CLEVELAND, July 2L— Mrs. Julia
Stone, mother of Mrs. John Hay, wife of
the Secretary of State, died to-night after
an illness of several weeks of heart fail
ure.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
ASTORIA, Or., July 21.— The cruiser Phila
delphia went to sea this evening with the Ore
gon Naval Reserve on board for a ten days'
cruise.
EVAXSVILLE. Iud., July 21. — Herman
Strauser. a railroad man, shot his former wife
four times to-day, killing her Instantly. He
then killed himseir. Strauser left his wife some
time ago and ehe obtained a divorce.
ZANESVILLE. O., July 21.— A Columbus,
Sandusky and Hocking Valley locomotive jump
ed the track on a trestle between Crooksvllle
and Saltillo to-day falling sixty-four feet. En
gineer Holla Clauss was killed and the fireman
injured.
LIMA, Peru, via Galveston, July 21.— The
Oerman steamer Tanis, leaving Callao shortly
for San Francisco, will take several passen
gers bound for San Diego. These passengers
will cress the United States by rail, thus avoid
in™ Panama.
LOS ANGELES, July 21.— John Coleman,
colored, who was convicted of manslaughter for
the killing of Kris Kennison. a sailor at San
I'edro. was to-day sentenced to rerve two years
In San Quentln. He kicked Kennison on the
head during a fight.
VAL.LEJO, July 2t— Lieutenant Commander
Mahan will report for duty on the Independence
August 1 as executive officer. Lieutenant C.
M. Stone. U.: S. N., has reported for duty on
the Adams as navigator. He comes direct from
the torredo station at Newport, R. L
KINGSTON. Jamaica. July 21.— The British
Secretary of State for the Colonies, Mr. Joseph
Chamberlain, to-day cabled to the West In
nlan Government that thelr'militla will not be
required for service in Ashanti. The dispatch
has caused a feeling of bitter disappointment to
the Jamaican contingent.
TACOMA, Wash., July 21.— An eighteen-foot
flywheel in the Puget Sound Flouring Mills
burst this mornlnp, utterly demolishing .the
ermine house • and knocking several holm
through the walls of the main building. No one
was killed, though several were slightly injured
by flying pieces of iron.
PROSPERITY IN
THE WEST WILL
DEFEAT BRYAN
?
States Carried by the Ne
braskan Pour Years Ago
Now Against Him.
?
"Calamity Campaign" Will Wot
. Again Be Effective Where Be
publican Good Times Have
Been Experienced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 21.— William J. Bryan
carried several Western States four years
ago largely on a "calamity" campaign.
Republicans contend that had the farm
ers been prosperous in those States in 1S'j6
the Democratic candidate would have lost
In all.
Dispatches to the Herald from the
States carried by Mr. Bryan show a very
different condition of affairs in 1900 than
was the case four years ago. With few
exceptions, the cere.al crops are vastly
larger than in ISStj and of much greater
X'alue, while In all branches of trade, com
meice and manufactures there has been
remarkable advanc3 Farmers have paid
off their debts and have more money in
banks then tvrr before, labor finds em
ployment everywhere and every class of
citizens is sharing in the remarkable wave
of prosperity.
Iowa, which Mr. Bryan did not carry-
Is rot behind the other We-fitern States
in it*; showing of increased good times.
Colorado reports great prosperity. Ne
braska has enormous crops. Iowa has had
a. wonderful year. Kansas {armors are
out of dt-bt. Washington has great pros
perity. Wyoming never was in better
Fhapo. In short, tho calamity howlers will
\>e hard up for ammunition in those
States that went for Bryan four years
E£O.
FUSION FAILS IN
THE STATE OF IDAHO
POTATKLLO. Idaho, July 21.— The Dem
ocrats this aftrrnoon unanimously voted
to confer no more with the Populists, bat
to fuse with the Silver Renublirans. This
action resulted from a Populist ultimatum
that the Democrats adopt a resolution
demanding the immediate abolition of
martial law and the permit system in
Shoshone County. • -
When the conclusion of the Democrats
was made known the parties held separate
conventions.
The Democrat? offered the Populists the
Congressman, Auditor and Mine Inspector,
and the Silver Republicans the Senator
and Secretary of State. The latter ac
cepted, but the Populists demanded the
Secretary of State and one elector in addi
tion. The Democratic convention instruct
ed its committee -to refuse to yield. The
Populist convention then, as a prerequi
site to yielding, demanded that the Dem
ocrats adopt the following resolution:
Resolved. That we demand the Immediate
dlteontinuance of martial law in Shoshone
County, -under which the permdews system of
permits to seek employment has been inaugu
rated; and we demand the abolition of said
BVFtem.
We further demand that all civil and political
riphis guaranteed by the constitution and the
laws be immediately restored to all citizens of
our beloved State.
When the Democrats convened they
adopted a platform but remained in recess
most of the afternoon hoping the Popu
lists would recede. Hut the Populists
voted not to recede. The platform of the
Democrats Indorses the Kansas City plat
form and. especially the financial plank
and ratifies the national ticket. It de
mands the election of Senators by direct
vote and indorses the record of the State
administration.
The platform is devoted largely to State
affairs. Senator Shoup is denounced for
his vote on the financial bill and other
measures. It favors compulsory refer
ence of disputes between labor and capi
tal to a non-partisan board of arbitra
tion. It declares for enforcement of law
and protection of all in enjoyment of their
riKhts under the constitution and laws.
Captain Frank W. Hunt of Lcmhi Coun
ty, who served in the Philippines with
the volunteers, was nominated for Gov
ernor on the eiRhteenth ballot.
The other nominations were as follows:
Supreme Judge. Judge C. O. Stockslager;
Congressman, Captain James Graham;
Treasurer. Dr. J. J. Plumer; Superintend
ent of Schools, Miss Permeal French; At
tornev General. Frank Martin; Lieuten
ant Governor. Thomas F. Terrill; Auitor,
John S. Barrett; Mine Inspector. C. H.
Harvey: Presidential Electors, E. J.Dock
ery, S. J. Rich and James N. Reid.
C J. Bassett, Silver Republican, was
indorsed for Secretary of State and tho
nomination of Fred T. Dubois was also
indorsed.
The Silver Republicans nominated Hon.
Fred T. Dubois for United States Senator
and C. J. Bassett for Secretary of State.
The Populists held an exciting session
over the rejection by the Democrats the
nifrht before of the ultimatum sent to
th^m by the Populists. They nominated
n full State ticket, headed by T. L. Glenn
of Bear Lake for Congressman and J. W.,
Ballentine of Blaine County for Governor.
FRUIT-SHIPPERS FAIL.
SACRAMENTO, July 21.— Westfall
Brothers, a prominent tirm of fruit ship
pers, has suspended. The cause given by
William Westfall Is that the deciduous
Rebels Agree With the Government
Forces to Meet Without the
City Limits.
NEW YORK, July 21.— According to a
dispatch to the Herald from Panama, the
chief officers of the revolutionary forces
addressed a letter under date of July 14
to the American Consul here and through
.him to all the members of the consular
corps stating that they wished" to prevent
Panama being the scene of warlike opera
tions, which would be disastrous to lives
and property. The rebel leaders requested
the Consuls to use their good offices to
effect an arrangement witn the Govern
ment by which the latter'a forces should
meet them in battle outside the city.
On receipt of this letter the Consuls
met to discuss the matter. They resolved
to appoint a committee composed of the
American, English and French Consuls to
confer with the Governor, and this com
mittee laid the matter before General Al
ban. who is now in charge of the Govern
ment here.
General Alban told the Consuls that the
forces under his command In this depart
ment would defend the city threatened
by the revolutionary forces and would
fight outside its limits. Part of his forces,
he said, were already in convenient locu
tions for meeting the enemy. General Al
ban added that it was the Government's
desire to avoid by all means fighting and
bloodshed in the streets of the city.
FOUL PLAY SUSPECTED.
Body of a Man Found in Stockton
Channel.
STOCKTON. July 21.— The body of a
man believed to • be James Mehan, a
steamboat mar, was taken from Stockton
channel this morning and removed to the
Morgue. ' y ' "
The Coroner's jury this morning brought
out sufficient evidence to warrant the be
lief that the man was struck on the head,
robbed and then thrown into the water to
cover the crime. The man had money
when seen last and the fact that his pock
ets were turned inside out indicated rob
bery and foul play. The police are inves
tigating the case and hope to capture the
murderer. . >".?.•' ;
Date for Cuban Election.
WASHINGTON, July 21.— It is stated on
good authority at the War Department
that the date for holding the Cuban elec
tion for delegates to the constitutional
convenlon has been fixed approximately
for November 15 next. The constitutional
convention, it Is believed by the War De
partment authorities, can be held within
three months after that date.
Machine Invented Which Will Trans
mit Messages With an Or
dinary Typewriter.
CHICAGO. July 21.— The Times-Herald
to-morrow will say: Telegraphy by the
use of typewriters in place of the ordinary
clicking keys and sounders, familiar in
telegraph offices, has been made possible
by two Chicago men, S. G. Sholes and A.
C. Gllmore.
They have devised a mechanism by
which a message written with ordinary
spelling on a machine that has a key
board exactly like the keyboard of the or
dinary typewriter will be printed, if trans
mitted over a telegraph wire, by another
typewriter in the office to which it is sent,
hundreds of miles away.
The instruments have been tested over
a circuit of 665 miles of wiro belonging
to the Central Union Telephone Company,
connecting Bloomington, Springfield and
Peoria.
The- feature of the invention is that
while it receives and delivers messages in
the ordinary alphabet spelling it trans
mits them by the use of the Morse tele
graphic alphabet of dots and dashes. The
transmitter turns each figure, letter or
punctuation point into dots and dashes
and the receiver, which contains an in in
strument called a "selector," turns the
dots and dashes back into the ordinary
signs.
BATTLEFIELD WILL BE
OUTSIDE OF PANAMA
Sacramento Trustees Will Consider
Amendment to the Anti-Pool
room Ordinance.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 21.— Action will be
taken by the Board of Trustees at next
Monday night's meeting on an ordinance
prohibiting the sale of pools elsewhere
than on a racetrack or at times other than
when races actually are being run. This
ordinance is designed to solve the <iuestion
of poolselling at the State Fair, which
opens early In September next. Five
months ago an ordinance was passed pre
venting the sale of pools anywhere in the
city, and under it the poolrooms have been
effectually closed out.
But even those foremost in bringing
about the wholesome reform were averse
to striking a blow at the legitimate bet
ting feature of the State Fair racing sea
son, and various Influences have resulted
in the presentation of the measure framed
so as to exclude the State Fair races from
its operation. That it will pass next Mon
day night and become lav/ is the general
wish of citizens, although it is openly
hinted that the old poolroom crowd will
do its best to saddle it with some amend
ment which shall enable the poolrooms to
start up again.
One way which has been talked of has
been the fixing of a license on the pool
rooms, and some Trustees are said to
favgr such a measure. The people, how
ever, will regard a monthly license tax as
email compensation for the rehabilitation
rjf the poolroom evil,;and from press and
pulpit has sprung a protest.
• ¦** ¦ — •
MAY DO AWAY .WITH
TELEGRAPH OPERATORS
MAY PERMIT BETTING
AT THE STATE FAIR
Special Dispatch to The Can.
NEW YORK. July 21. — The Journal Tiaa
this from Ixmdon: An altogether new
complexion has been put upon the Astor-
Mllne controversy by the discovery that
the ex-American multi-millionaire com
pelled the Baronet to leave bis house on
the night of the memorabl© concert a
fortnight or so ago because he objecte.1
to Sir Berkeley's suit for the hand of his
only daughter, Pauline.
It was Miss Astor who invited the- Bar
onet to the entertainment, but without
her father's knowledge or approval. It is
wrong, therefore, to state that Sir Berke
ley was at Carlton House Terrace with
out an invitation. Moreover, his encoun
ter .with Mr. Astor did not take place as
he was entering- the saions. It was after
a tete-a-tete between himself and the
heiress In a secluded corner of the winter
garden — a tete-a-tete ¦which was suddenly
interrupted by the infuriated father.
Sir Berkeley is understood to have gone
to Marlenbad, Germany, where Mr. Astor
is now staying-, with the object of secur
ing the satisfaction which his friends con
sider it indispensable that he should ob
tain. This satisfaction may take the form
of a duel, for Mr. Astor is very obstinate
and a splendid swordsman.
Meanwhile the committee of the Marl
borough Club has suspended action. If
Mr. Astor declines to tight, apologize or
to give his consent to a marriage, his ex
pulsion from the Marlborouffh. from th«
Carlton and from all other clubs of which,
he is now a member is assured.
Pater Nostcr Objected to Ixjvemaklngf
on the Part of the Gallant
and Ejected •'¦ ,
She It Was Who Invited
Sir Berkeley to Her
Father's Home.
PRETTY MISS
ASTOR CAUSED
THE TROUBLE
and, remaining after closing hours, were
locked in. Millions of red ants, which In
fest Denver, make their home in the dome
and are more active at night than in the
heat of the day.
While Mrs. Barton and her daughter sat
on the staircase, trying to sleep, worn out
with calling and pounding on the door, the
ants attacked them, crawling all over
them and Inflicting Innumerable stinging
bites.
About 1 o'clock In the morning a guard
was attracted to th<* place by the screams
of the tortured child and rescusd the pris
oners.
Prince of "Wales, Once Inimical to
IN ONE WEEK LADY
CHURCHILL IS TO WED
the Match, Has Accepted De
feat With Good Grace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. July 21.— Lady Randolph
Churchill Is to be married this day week,
at the home of her sister. Mrs. Moreton
Frewen. Then will follow a Journey of
long duration.
Never has Lady Randolph looked better
than she does just now.
The Prince of Wales, at one time so In
imical to the match, has accepted the de
feat of his little plans to prevent it with
the best of grace, for in reality he is very
partial to her ladyship, who, it must be
said, never made up to him, as so many
others have, but has accepted the royal
favor as due to the wife of a Cabinet Min
ister. Society 13 asking whether Lady
Randolph will become Mrs. Cornwallis
West or retain her own name.
TO LOCATE A BULLET.
Physicians Take an X-Bay Photo
graph of Ferguson's Spine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LEXINGTON. Ky.. July 21.-An X-ray
photograph was taken of the spine of the
famous race horse starter, James B. Fer
guson, late this afternoon In thQ hope of
locating the pistol ball which Is respon
sible for the general breaking down of
Ferguson's health. The physician* believe '
the developed negative will show the loca
tion of the bullet. Then it will be taken
out, probably Sunday. It was fired into |
him twenty years ago In this city. One \
ball was removed from his leg In San
Francisco several years ago.
Northern Mail Exchan
WASHINGTON, July 21.— The Postofflce
Department has authorized an Interna
tional exchange of malls between Skag
uay. Alaska, and White Horse, In the
Yukon district of Canada, to commence
at once and to include both ordinary and
registered malls. The .malls for White
Horse are to contain articles addressed
for delivery at that place and th# mails
for Skaguay to contain articles for all
points in the United States except for
places In Alaska along the Yukon River
and on Norton Sound and Golovln Cay.
Ships in Collision.
LONDON, July 21.— The British ship
Champion, Captain Jones, from Port Had
lock Wash., was in collision at Antofo-
Kasta. Chili, with the British bark Lord
Kinnard. Captain Mutch, last from New
castle. N. S. Wi Both vessels were badly
damaged.
Locked in Dome of Denver Capitol
Building, Which Swarms
With the Insects.
DENVER, July 21.— Mrs. J. P. Barton of
Independence. Iowa, and her daughter,
Laura, six years old, climbed to the dome
of the State Capitol last Friday night
WOMAN AND CHILD
TORTURED BY ANTS
Crops in Bombay Above the Average
and Promising in Other
Sections.
LONDON. July 21.— The Secretary of
State for India, Lord George Hamilton,
has received the following dispatch from
the Viceroy of India: ¦ i
In Bombay the crops are reported
above the average. In Tonkan. in the
Carnatic and in the Eastern Deccan they
are promising. Elsewhere, south and
north of Neerbudda. in Jugaral, Kathia
war and Baroda, the -rainfall has been in
sufficient. There has been little sowing
except in a few places. It will be impos
sible to sow food crops after August 1.
The sowing of cotton will continue until
after August 15.
In the Carnatic provinces excellent rains
have prevailed lately. Sowing for food
crops is being actively prosecuted. If the
monsoon continues favorable within the
cultivated area crops will fall short only
at Hagpur and Chattisgard.
The prospects in Bedar are encouraging.
In Rajputana the rainfall has generally
been sufficient for agricultural purposes,
save in a few sections where the heavy
mortality of cattle has been felt. No dis
tress is reported.
CONDITIONS IN INDIA
SLIGHTLY ENCOURAPNG
CHINESE CAMP, July 21.— This famous
old mining town was the scene of a large
conflagration early this morning. At
about 1:30 o'clock an alarm of fire aroused
the citizens, who found the Casino Hall
ablaze. This is the largest hall In the
county. The flre extended to the sheds
occupied by the Big Oak Flat and Yo
semite Stage Company, but by heroic ef
forts by the flre brigade the coaches were
saved. Morris Bros.* pumping and elec
tric plant, being next to the Casino, was
a total loss.
During the progress of the fire twenty
stage horses stampeded and narrowly
escaped being burned to death.
Ine principal losses are: Morris Bros.,
five buildings, $1000, insurance $500; Henry
Stockel, Casino Hall, $1500, partly Insured;
J. H. Terry, saloon and dwelling, $2000, in
surance VM Other losses, with no insur
ance: Thomas Gill, saloon, $450; Al Beck,
barber shop. $300; Joe Jones, restaurant,
$o00; F. Smith, shoemaker, $200; Frank
Keeder, household furniture, $250.
The postotflce and Wells-Fargo's office,
next door to the Casino Hall, were de
stroyed, together with all letters, pack
ages, etc.
BODY FOUND IN RUINS.
Believed Joseph Bayless Was Mur
dered and His Dwelling Burned.
M0KELUMNE HILL, July 21.-The
dwelling, barn and sheds on the ranch of
Joseph Bayless, about a quarter of a. mile
from Glencoe, burned down Wednesday
night and in the morning the charred re
mains of Bayless were found in the ashes
of the barn. Nothing but the trunk re
mained. Human tracks muffled with
gunny sacks were discovered about the
place. It is believed that the house and
barn were fired by an enemy and when
Bayless went to drive the person from the
barn he was shot. He lived alone.
Store Destroyed.
FIEE AT ESTRELLA.
Postoffics and General Merchandise
SAN MIGUEL, July 21.-This morning
fire broke out in the basement of B. L.
Fortney's general merchandise store at
Estrella, about six miles from here, and
quickly communicated to the Estrella
Postoitice. Both buildings were totally
destroyed. Some household effects were
Paved. The postmlstiess, Mrs. Mathews.
succeeded in saving everything belonging
to the department.
"Wells-Fargo's Store and the Post
office Burned and All Letters
and Packages
Lost.
Early Morning Fire Prob
ably of Incendiary
Origin.
MAIN BUILDINGS
AT CHINESE CAMP
ARE DESTROYED
LONDON, July 21.— A special dispatch
from Cape Town, dated to-day, says:
"Lord Roberts has attacked Middleburg
in force and a big battle is in progress.
President Kruger is -with the burghers,
directing the defense."
The War Office has received the follow
ing from Lord Roberts:
"PRETORIA, July 21.— Little, tempor
arily commanding the Third Brigade, re
ports on July 19 he came in contact near
Lindley with Dewet's force, which broke
through Hunter's cordon. The lighting
lasted 'until dusk, when Dewet's force
being- repulsed, broke into two parties.
Little's casualties were slight. He buried
five Boers.
"Hamilton and Mahon continued their
eastward march yesterday and should
Join hands with Pole-Carew to-day near
Ersten Fabrlken station.
"A body of the enemy wrecked a train
carrying sick between Krugersdorp and
Potchefstrom July 19."
LOURENZO MARQUES. July 21.— A
dispatch from Machadodorp says that
heavy artillery firing has been reported
from the neighborhood of Mlddleburp.
where it was reported the Boers have
prepared to retire upon the approach of
the British. Among the prisoners pass
ing through Noort Cacacht thia week were
a number of Canadians captured at Grey
lingstadt. Four German officers who
have been acting as President Kruger's
military advisers have just arrived, hav
ing received orders from Berlin to pro
ceed to active service in China.
Ag«d President of the Transvaal
Republic in Person Directs
the Defense of the
Town.
British Attack Middleburg
and Hard Fighting
Follows.
KRUGER LEADS
BOERS AGAINST
LORD ROBERTS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
24
I Special Special §
f- No. 1. I Aj> j No, 2. ¦ i
SCHOOL SUITS WITH A I &*> fj /*& I BOYS' SCHOOL SUITS WITH
4 FREE GOLF CAP— Excellently | p?J xA'^* $& *M § FREE GOLF CAP— Six patterns
| ,vC, ,nad e su| of heavy fancy /^MI^H I tgg&S&SXZffi^ %
<£ worsteds in silk mixtures, fancy fyt \. W/^M!C^.M v- ;j derful wear: double-breasted coats,
y stripes, blue serges, brown and gray L \ '"V^A V' '^ ' A pants with double seats and knees; >
/^ mixed tweeds or cheviots; 12 differ- .Tp; 1^ Vl «. '¦! 'fi ages io to 16: doubly stitched and
/, cnt patterns to choose from; sizes W^\A\£ 7T ->"* * H made for the hard wear of school- *i
y, 8 to 15; double-breasted coats, pan:s |J] *- l^Ms H boys: modest effects in checks,
. V, with double seats and knees; made xS H>* « plaids and solid coloring and mix- >j
X especially for school wear. . One line y Q « w tures; golf cap free with every suit;
y has been selling for $4.35 and the \\ 8 a chance to save on the suit for the v;
other for $485; to-morrow at the Jp i boy that you cannot well at-
y trade sale these suits, with a golf ford to miss; at the trade
cap free, will be sold at, c^ CK ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦"--¦¦¦dbbbibb^ sa i e beginning to-mor- Cl'y Af\ <
y each . . row# each *•*¦* ¦ ' •"
1 ¦'/¦ Boys Fp^! Caps 1
T<ZuvX$'i&X $i.5o LAUNDERED BOYS' 'GOLF SHIRTS- fi&ffm^
>Sc!H SS^ SHIRTS-One of the strong- flffiW '
If v^^AWif^ ! tst inducements we have made Of hea\-y percale, fast colors; j ffrffff/fftga^ \
<y \ m '-*¦'¦ ¦ '£j— / during the trade sale— an cx-°" •
'1 cellent laundered shirt— colored, with two pairs of an exceedingly well made : X
y> cuffs; the shirts are the regular $1.50 quality the ---„_____»/ v
y ' ••¦•-•• OCp morrow as a leader, each /~— v;
Ss\^ •••••¦ ¦••!**•••••**•••••••........ •••............ •••••••••«•...,..».., y^ J^« />»*
«* Fnr Mnnflai flnW COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. Shell Hair Retain-
•i TUI KUiIUHJ UIIIJ. _^_— _________________ era. worth lOo pz n j±
"jj 100 doren LADIES' • eacl1 Each Ow %?
~<fc? *r<t ebade's of brown, "*© X ,/j vJcJjLa * Jy*il)"lf fn"^i\ Black Cube Pins. —
<t? orcd y. .'.i' T.-.fTcta « _N-*T>y^VfgT^-7V — y^*^!~<W^^*Jja^*^ Phleldw. good quality, -•
T\ Ribbon, clepant <jual- f&t*^^^ n-11 sizes, worth 12Hc +y
e^. t all colors, including ___^^^__^_^_^______^^^_^^^^__ • Pair * 4J§»
m^4 cream, white. Mcht ___————__—_——__»_—_——-————————————• . ••
S'irai^worth^ra To-morrow begins tJje last and most important F ££ h h mak B e ™ sh fl e n 8 ; *
j£ 2?.:*S2d 15c week ofour SSSftsS 9c *
? iT_T_ *B _ „-&-» £\ i *
% B $
j£ This has been by far the GREATEST CLEARANCE SALE we have ever held. £L
jj? and we are determined that this weeK shall be the BANNER WEEK- *L
*f
T GREATER BARGAINS THAN EVER IN BLACK GREAT WASH GOODS SALE. «
«*-' Af-'fl PfP f| Q F n KQ To«tnorrow the great Wash Goods climax. Reductions re- s*
HliU UULUnLU CILlXui frardless cf cost or value, no matter how stylish or desirable. '*ST
o. . Bona fide Iosm- 8 taken cheerfully in order to clear the stock r>on ' t , mlES thls rare opportunity. Only a few of the many •«
of »:i odds and ends, broken lines, etc. Values offered at pre- specials. f|*
mtf vlous Eales are not to be compared with those that await you 25c Piques, In pink and blue stripes, fast y
** here to-morrow. Early comers will have best choice. colors _«___
*|— r\ YARIV4M yards fine quality aU-rilk- French „{£ 7 ; e f^J: a r a G i.?i:, h h am , 9 n 'nfti^.^ wLJ. _^^ A
r- Foulards. 27 an<1 U Inches wide. In beautiful - (>c -^dras cloth, In pink. Hue and red [ O *$?
KJKJ%^ anYVh^ind^^u^^ufat S^tog^^^:^^ * V_-^
Edd Et the beginning of the season at \\ :» our cholce to close - J' ar<1 7t
1L ~ S-!___JS clea : ance . p f e ; 50c y T- 'i w house-furnishing bargains. i *
•Vf f~» p~ YARD— 1500 yards, 24-inch non-breakable _ ;.¦»¦„.-•-..-•.'—...--.—.¦¦•. i9
*? I— \ l—^ f V Black Taffeta Silk, in small designs, a pood <4f> C TARD— 64-inch Bleached Table Damask, very ¦«•
Xf *. M «¦ M \. + wearing quality, suitable for dresses, waists T_«w choice designs, good quality, regular price 63c; y(C)/> cJ\a
*/ and linings, every yard worth fl; sale price, sale price ¦**-_,—«
£1 r»!»«* >ard. QO/> YARD— 72-inch heavy quality German Linen •
«? O YARD-CM yards 24-inch Biack Taffeta Silk, a O<J\* Table Damask, in very desirable patterns, QQ/-> &
Jti. "S fl heavy rustling quality, with a rich black silk worth $1 2:>; sale price CTVJW- £*•
*^ '—>' V_# V_^ Ivftcr. evetr yard v.orth $1 00. sale price. S^c IQl^, EACH-KI dozen extra heavy good size bleach- ~m
Jgi yard. . 1-2V e <3 Turkish Hath Towels, some of them slightly It) I r *J»
*^ r— YARD— SCO yarti "1-inch Clack BenKaline Pilk sciied, worth :'0c;" sale price '«;t-
J£l / »^N (~> and 21-inch* Ulack Pekin stripes pros grain (\.T>r> DOZKX-Tj dozen extra heavy 24-inch square, T?
*? / \_# V^» s!lk - both "tyltah and rich, worth $1 JO and O-->— a!l-linpn Table Napkins, in very choice de- CO"' "?
J^. *1 *S; eaie price. .Be yard. poo.l value at $3 GO a dozen; sale price.. <I> — . TJ*
* GREAT DRESS GOODS OPPORTUNITY. $5,50 SILK WAISTS F03 $2.98 startling values for this w^ek in *
* l^S.2SirS^5SSi^ 8 IS_%xte^iS»^- ADIES ' m CHILDREN'S HOSIERY, f
JSl a frreat pacrince. fo we are in a position back and sleeves, the latest styles, ir. *>?£C S^ IR T J J? dozen Ladles- Lisle **•
y to nfter you the following extraordinary . o i ors of old rose, tur.iuoise. cerise. e J h V? tra Fencth ffi it
•^ ********' -ardinal. purple, new blue and «Q flQ £ k } w '' J" r V "S,. 1 - ua s XSo^
7? I flT I 150 P^e* All-Wool Homespun black; sizes 32 to 44; repular JS/ MQ SrfS?' re S: UIar 4Oc lualltj. hale t>*}^ *•
J& LUI I Boltlasw. in dark, medium anJ value JG 50. SaIeprice V-IVU Jnce . ... &.
*^ m MJ ]i eht Kray. brown, castor, navy. IRr C 2* doze " School
-Si. Rflf* Yli carrot ar.d green extia poo-1 1OV- Hc«?, heavy double knees, hinh
I S^ 1 "^^ J!T50£ SI-" COLORED PERCALE SHIRT *gs0*$£iMt& I
«_i I flT 0 ro Tieces extra quality One V/AISTS 48C. £\CIC dozen Laflles 1 Imported
X? Ill I / VnHUh Mnlmir Crpnons in . ._ , OVW' Swiss Ribbed Vests, with hand
£ -TVr.,. SSuhil^ teStt-TteTVich By comins early you have your choice of rrochet yokes, all sires, in pink, blue, A
Rfi YH S ev"rv\ard Vmponol 23 .lozen ••Stanley- make, fine quality Tfr- white and b i ack; rcsn ,i ar value, PZfi^. ?T
% fnT 9^S^^SS^w^ IJrice 4 * C CLEARING EMBROIDERIES. %
*2? -U I 0 Cheviot Serce, already ipongid Reductions that r'ainly tell a itorx of
-B 44c Yd. at nd^ h^ : Pr Ic x e; c^ nt 4^ e si.50 SUMMER DRESS SKIRTS 83c. SHEffiSsS a clearing so wel1 worth *
«J,- ¦'""¦ ""' * * Fntire stock of be«t ouilitv Cotton Covert - <)c Embroideries. In open effect. ]A r {I2»
T SPECIALS IN LININGS ' c»s-&?i^ftr^^^-SS ™* » irlce Yard IUc T
»- , OrtUlHLO in UJlinUJ. ipnUqued; regular value, {ISO. OQ~ 75c- Pure Linen All-over Em- OC^ +§?
*? SR-Jnch PUk-flnished Taffeta Lining:. In sale price OOt broideries. Sale price Yard ZOC I*
"S- n!!e" e Wrry n i!rown a a^d la hiack" r r?K' Se il0 eW 9 lJSO Ladies 1 Linen Petticoats. O=J^ SI. <>«> Hemstitched Cluster Tuck- PZCir-
T u! a ;\a™e: S^e prVce? .lYaTd 12C E*ch5>OC in B s. nnc quality. Sale price.. Yard 5 OC
* Poplin N>ar Silk,. 3S inches wide, broken Mullln Draweni ' Pa a " 27C SS L Sale^.ricf C1USteF T yard 25C
JE% assortmentn. in Fha.ies of cardinal, green. slzes l alr ' * w lnSs - hdle ' irlce lara — '*"* £L
«C? cerise and turquoise; regular value. Qr* il«»c Children's Muslin Drawers. 1 1 f-» -lie Pure Linen Torchon Kijpinus tf\s- *^
~_ I'&c. Sale price Yard *7V* with clusters of tucks Pair ilv and Insertions, Sin. wide, for.Yard lUv £9
ADVERTISEMENTS^
8 • x-
I REMNA~NT SALE! I
I ALL SUMMER GOODS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. |
1 REMNANTS OF , „ .... .... „ ,. i
I Laces, Trimmings, All-Om Laces, Dress Silks, Ribbons. Etc. g
g ilay have your size. We are now .ellln* all our Jl -0 w »|fJ 3 g
1 CHILDREN'S HERMSDORF FAST BLACK RIBBED HOSE- §
« Full regular finish; sixes « to 9V4: our resrular Kc hose. O
| Special at 15c. |
| BLACK LACE FLOUNCING- ¦ -\ 8
K" For Skirts: full width; 45 Inches: choice patterns; all atlk Quality; forsn«r vrLcxm g
| _ U2,, »i>o an**. 55o per Yard. |
8 HOUSE DKAfEKY— ?!
8 Japanese Crepe, slllc and cotton mUed; dlt and color prints; beautiful dealcas for g
£¦' home decoration; regular 45c gTade. g
| Special at 15o. |
S GOODS ©« OALB AT BOTH flTOBBS. ?•
§ KOHLBERG. STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
« 107-109 POST STREET. Si
8 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET. «
1&J±.^T OTTERED. J
§ Dr. McLauah'fn's Electric Belt Never Fails to Cure 8
| Weak Men 4^^ Rheumatism |
I w ea £ £ acks i (^^W^« f? nsti p atio " i
g Weak Stomachs fe^^^^ji/P^^^v Liver Trouble g
I Weak Nerves l^^^f^^^^^ Varicoceie I
i Weak Kidneys Neuralgia |
(1A/HY IT CURES. %
It jrlves a fsoothinp. vitalizing, pleasant, warming: current of electricity into the weak nerves, muscles and parts, which makes
the old fe^l younK apain. thr- young twice as strong, and the lame walk. O
It elves back to the body Nature's chief element of strength— Electricity, which is Life. - ¦ .' O
. It obviates the use of drugs which make the weak weaker. .. . . • Q
IT IS SUPERIOR TO OTHER BELTS OEGAUSE §
It cure* Fpcedlly. It can't burn or blister. It pives a stronger current than any other Belt. It has a scientifically constructed S
ruxulator which varies the current from very mild to Ftronr. (No other Belt has this contrivance.) It has other improvements 8
V not found on other belts. It Is made, arranged, recommended and sold upon honor. <5
NO CURE — NO F»M.Y. . ° S
W I want every man and woman who is weak or rain-worn from, any cause to be cured by my vitalizing and comfortable Elec- S
S trie licit. Tay for, it when cured, end then tell your friends. ' «
ft I am not Eiving Belts away. I have an electric Kelt that Goes not burn or blister the body. It cure*. Any honest person who 8
ft »-:i] serure m«. can have my B«"!t and pay for it when cured. Is that fair? If you need aid. or are wearing any old style belt 8
g which burns, call at my office to-dav and gei a free test of my latest improved Belt, or write for my beautiful SO-page book which »
g tells my story honestly. Sent, sealed, free. _ . • Q
S T\T> TUT- A IVTriT A TTI^IJT TAT 702 Market Street, Corner Koarny, |WILL VISIT GRAND ARMY.
Spanish Minister to Attend the En
campment at Chicago.
CHICAGO. July 21.— The Duke of Arcos,
the Spanish Minister at Washington, will
be in Chicago on Monday, August 27. John
C. Black, chairman of the invitations com
mittee for the Grand Army encampment,
has received a letter from the first secre
tary of the Spanish legation that sets at
rest all doubts on this point. The Duka
will arrive on the date mentioned, accom
panied by the Duchess and his secretary.
ANNUAL FIELD DAY OF
CHAUTAUQUAN ASSEMBLY
Professor Keep and Ihr. Anderson
Conduct a Very Interesting Walk
Along the Beach.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 21.— The annual
Chautauqua Assembly field day was cele
brated very &uccessf ully to-day, a large
crowd of people attending. The exercises
were held at the sandhills just back of
Moss Beach. After the events were de
cided luncheon was taken under the quaint
old live oak trees that are so numerous
about the sandhills.
After luncheon a Chautaqua round
table was conducted by Rev. Dr. H. N.
Bevier, vice president of the Pacific Coast
branch of Chautauqua, and consisted of
various literary, musical and some purely
Chautauqua events.
During the afternoon Professor J. Keep
of Mills College and Dr. C. L. Anderson
of Santa Cruz conducted one of the walks
along the beach which have caused their
departments— that for the study of ani
mal and vegetable sea. life — to be so popu
lar in this assembly. This was the only
regular work carried on to-day, every
thing else being suspended for the Sat
urday outing.
The second great. musical event of this
year's assembly occurred to-night and
was an Illustrated concert given by the
San. Jose Oratorio Society of seventy-five
voices under the direction of James Ham
ilton. Howe, M.B., of the San Francisco
College of Music. The concert, which was
an exemplification of the growth of the
oratorio from Its beginning to the present
day, contained the novel feature of being
Illustrated bar sterecaticoa jMcLuxfc*.
WILLIE VANDERBILT
¦V ARRESTED AND FINED
Young Millionaire Taken Into Cus
tody for Running His Automo
bile Too Fast.
MILTON. Mass.. July 21.— It developed
to-day when the case was called in court
that William K. Vanderbilt, the young
millionaire, who yesterday made a flying
trip from Newport to Boston in his auto
mobile, was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Park Policeman Bernard O'Neill for
violating the Blue Hill Park regulations
concerning the speed of vehicles. Mr.
Vanderbilt was taken to the station here,
and after/about an hour's delav was re
leased on $25 ball. To-day a fine of $15
was imposed, which. was paid.
y INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffices Established, Pensions Is
sued, Army Surgeons Ordered Here.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, D. C. July 21.—Post
offlce established: California— Richmond,
Contra Costa County, Lyman H. Naugle,
Postmaster. •
Postmaster commissioned: . "Washington
—James M. Benson, Theon. Postmasters
appointed: Oregon— Clifton, Clatsop Coun
ty. Samuel Elmore. vice J. O. Spencer, re
signed; Ord. Lane County, D. H.Stueven,
vice H. H. Flsk, resigned.
Pensions issued to-day: Original— John
F. Clark. Stockton, $6; Frank La Marsh,
Ontario '$10; Ferdinand Imporst. Soldiers'
Home.-Los Angeles, $6; Jonn D. French.
San Francisco, f G; Abraham B. Markle.
Fortuna, $6; William Miller, San Jose. J6.
Renewal— Patrick H. Bartron, Santa Ma
ria, $t>. Original widows — Helen E. Rob
erts, Yountville, $8; Mary Zelgler, Long
Beach, $S; Mary Duckel, lngleside, San
Francisco. $8.
Oregon— Original widow— Eliza B. Ham
lln. Portland, $8.
.Washington — Original — Marcus M.
Holmes, Seattle, . $6. Increase— Charles
Taylor, Vesta, $8. .
Tho following acting assistant army
surgeons have been ordered from . the
places designated to San Francisco: \V.
Karle Chapman, Cheboygan, Mich.; Harry
C. Many, Honeydalo, Pa.; Ralph W. New
ton. Barre, Vt. : William W. Reno, De
troit, Mich.; Michael J. Rowe. ¦ Bridge
port. Conn.; Louis A. Spaeth, Jersey City,
N. J.: Lionel A.' B. Street, Brookline.
Mass.: Isador M. Unger, New York City,
N. Y.; Edward E. Lamkin, St. Louis, Mo,
MANY HOUSES BXTBNED.
VISALJA, July 21.— Fire broke out in
Chinatown this afternoon in- a house at
the northeast corner of Bridge and Center
streets. The flames spread rapidly and
in less than one hour half of Chinatown
was in ashes. All the houses on the entire
half block burned. The Chinese came out
of their dens in hordes. Several were
scorched by the furious flames. The loss
Is $10,500. The entire was owned
by Mrs. Herndon.of Pacific Grove.
Sacrifice of Curios.
Lovers of the beautiful will have a rare
chance to purchase Chinese and Japanese
works of art at the great fire sale, which
opens ¦ Tuesday morning, July 24, at - the
store of Wing Fat & Co., 719 Dupont
street. Stock worth $30,000 to be sold with
out reserve. In order to adjust, the firm's
insurance. Sale limited to two .weeks. •
Streetcar Wrecked.
NILES, Ohio. July 21.— Forty people
were injured by a street car jumping the
track a:: Mineral Ridge and turning over.
The most seriously injured are: Howell
Williams, may die: Watkin Williams,.'in
ternally injured: Will Newby of Niles,
John Ryan of Niles, Sam Shaw of Niles.
Th«» r'aupe of the wreck has not been
determined.
JESTER MADE DAMAGING
ADMISSIONS IN JAIL
Contradicted Himself After Declaring
That Gates Had Cut His Own.
Throat.
NEW LONDON, Mo., July 21.— Francis
P. Shuck, aged 4S, of St. Louis, Mo., told
this story from the witness stand at the
Jester trial to-day:
In 1S71 I was journeying from Knox
County, Missouri, to Audrain County, Mis
souri, to visit relatives near Mexico. When
I reached Reneick I met an elderly man
and a voung man with two ¦wagons and a
buffalo calf. I talked with the young man,
who afterward I learned was Gilbert
Gates. He told me he was from Kansas
and was going to his home near Chicago.
He wanted me to ride with him to Sidney,
sixteen miles, tut the old man, who I
afterward learned was Alexander Jester,
objected. He said to me:
"You had better go where you started."
Mr. Shuck said he departed, but after
ward he met the old man driving along
the road near Sidney. This time he was
by himself, but had two teams. Jester
yelled. "Hello." 1 as they passed. The wit
ness said he saw Jester again. This time
he was in the Paris. Mo., jail. Mr. Shuck
said he had seen in the newspapers that
it was alleged that Jester had killed Gates
and he called at the jail to see if the pris
oner was the same old man who had ob
jected to his riding with Gates. He talked
to Jester about twenty minutes. The pris
oner at first said he did not recall meeting
Shuck, but finally asked him if he was go-
Ing to appear in court against him.
"I told him," said the witness, "that no
body knew I had seen the two teams at
Sidney. The prisoner then told me that
Gates cut his own throat. Jester then
choked up and I left him."
Shuck, on cross-examination, testified
that Jester told him in the Paris jail that
"Gates would turn up at the right time.'i
The court adjourned until next Monday,
when it is expected that the State will
close its case.
ANOTHER REGIMENT
SOON TO LEAVE CUBA
General Wood Says Troops Are Being
Kept There Simply for Their
Moral Influence.
WASHINGTON, July 21.— General Wood,
Governor General of Cuba, had a confer
ence to-day with the Secretary of War,
with the result that It was determined to
keep a fi/rce of about 5000 men in Cuba
for several months yet. This decision will
permit of the withdrawal from the island
of another regiment in addition to those
previously ordered home. The First Rtgi
ment of Infantry, posted in Pinar del Rio
and Guanajay, has been selected as the
fourth regiment to come home, and orders
were telegraphed to Cuba by General
Wood. Jt also was decided that the con
stitutional convention should be convened
during the early fall, the date being left
to General Wood.
General Wood says that peace and quiet
prevail in Cuba and that troops are Kept
there simply for their moral Influence. He
expected to rail for Havana to resume his
official duties next Saturday.
SEVERE DISCIPLINE FOR
CADETS AT WEST POINT
For Disrespect to an Officer and Haz
ing the Entire Corps Is Ordered
Under Arrest
WEST POINT. N. Y., July 2L— Trouble
growing out of the punishment of Cadet
Bunker for hazing Cadet Norris has re
sulted in severe disciplinary measures be
ing taken by the commandant.
As a means of punishment for disre
spect to Lieutenant Lindsay, the officer
in charge, the cadets were deprived of
their supper last night, after having taken
their accustomed seats at the table. They
were also promptly marched to camp and
required to stand at attention for half an
hour. This was followed by an order from
the commandant that the entire corps con
sider themselves under arrest and that
they be confined to the limits of the camp
for an indefinite period. There was no
hop last night and there will be none here
until the order is rescinded.
Manager and Superintendent of Ta-
EAILWAY OFFICIALS HELIX
coma Road Charged "With
Manslaughter.
Mrs. Hamilton Refuses to Give a New
TACOMA. Wash., July 21.— S. Z. Mitch
ell- of Portland, general manager, ,jmd
F. L. Dame, general superintendent of
the Tacoma Street Railway Company,
have been formally charged with man
slaughter, information being filed against
them this afternoon by the County Attor
ney.
This is the result of the Fourth of July
street car accident in which over forty
lives were lost and sixty persons injured,
twenty of whom are still in the hospitals.
END OF THE COUNTRY CXXJB.
l>ase of Land.
SAN RAFAEL.. July 21— The Country
Club, composed of members of the Pacific
Union Club, San Francisco, who leased
76,000 acres of land in this county from
the Shafter-Howard estate, will be forced
to disband.
Mrs. Hamilton, who owns the largest
portion of the estate, refuses to give a
new lease and the Sbaf ter - portion is
leased to another club.
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. July 21.— The sec
ond we-«k of the trial of Secretary of State
Powers, charged with being an accom
plice in the assassination of Governor
Goebel, passed this afternoon with only
thirty-two witnesses hoard. It will prob
ably take all of next week to hear other
witnesses for the prosecution.
Itobcrt NoaUes. who gave such sensa
tional testimony regarding Caleb and
John Powt-rs yesterday, did not finish his
testimony to-day. He will be recalled
Jiorxiay.
Kd Steffee, a. messenger boy, gave the
most important testimony this afternoon.
He saw the assassination and said he saw
the point of a lille protruding from a win
dow of Secretary Powers' office, the 'win
dow beiiifr raised about eighteen inches
and the curtains down.
Noakcs. whose testimony began yester
day, was cross-examined by Judge Tins
ley. He said lie was deceived into a talk
¦with Colonel Campbell at Big- Stone Gap,
Va., jirior to his arrest, where the latter
met him as Mr. Kramer, interested in
mining. The conversation led into poli
tics and then into the Goebel assassina
tion. Later he found he was talking to
the attorney for the prosecution. He said
Campbell did not promise him anything
for his testimony. Witness said that he
had an Idea that Goebel was to be killed,
but he thought it would be in a fight, and
imt by assassination. When told by John
Powers to keep out of range, as some fel
lows in the lobby -were poing to do the
work for Goebel when he came in, he hur
ried off to prevent the assassination.
Noakes was re-examined regarding the
trip of himself and his m«-n to Frankfort
at the time ot the meeting of the Elec
tion Commissioners in December. He re
peated that Towers had instructed him to
have his men crowd into the State House
*=o the Governor would have a:i excuse to
•call out the militia. When they got there
Governor Bradley refused them admit
tance. Witness reiterated that the object
of Powers and others was to intimidate
the Commissioners.
Witness was Btfll on the stand when the
court took a recess until afternoon.
The cross-examination of Xoakes was
not completed, but he was excused until
Monday, when he promised to bring into
court "his m Lister roll and a cartridge
piven him by J..hn Powers. Senator Wat
ton of Mayli-M was then called.
Ed Steffee, a Messenger Boy, Declares
That He Saw the Assassination
of the Governor Com«
. mitted.
Most Important Testimony
Yet Produced in the
Goebel Case.*
SAW THE RIFLE
POUTING FROM
POWERS' WINDOW
WASHINGTON. July 21.— The Secretary
of War has been furnished with copies of
some Interesting documents relating to an
alleged plot against the authorities In Ma
nila which were discovered in the district
of San Miguel. Tiie secret service depart
ment, under Lieutenant Charles R. Trow
bridge. Eleventh Cavalry, early in Juno
stumbled upon an insurgent recruiting of
fice, situated in an isolated locality, where
the' work might be carried on without at
tracting attention. One room was fitted
up as an office and a large quantity of
blank forms bearing the headline, "Repub
liauq Filipino" were found in the hous«.
In the cupboard, which had been secure
ly fastened. Trowbrtdge and hie men dis
covered a large number of papers, all ot
recrnt date, tiie latest being dated June
7 They consisted of orders from Aguin
aldo and letters of encouragement and
instructions from that leader and other
insurgent chiefs. A document which ex
cited a great deal of interest was one
which contained the details of a plot ar
ranged evidently early in June to excite
an uprising in Manila. The plan contem
plated an attack upon the force in the
citv and the seizure of arms and ammuni
tion. Another paper which is or Interest
is translated as follows:
We will not be slaves. Let the Filipinos
stand together and battle for their liberties, and
it will not be Ion? bet ore the nations of the
vorld will recognize their strenjeth. The blood
of innumerable martyrs bears ample testimony
to the Filipinos" love of freedom and their de
termined purpose not to cease struggling for It.
Shall they allow the Americans to exercise un
rmxerxed sway over the fair Filipinos? If
they do. then the fate of the American red
n.en is theirs, an deventually a reservation will
be assigned to them. Brothers, our cause Is
Just; therefore, let us continue as a thorn In
the side of our oppressors and strike where
we dare, eparlngr neither men, women, children
r.or old people. Those who stay by each other
in hcura of adversity are sure to conquer In
the end.
One Calls Upon Insurgents to Strike
Where They I>are and Spare
Neither Men, Women, Chil
dren Nor Old People.
Number of Interesting Pa
pers Found in a Re
cruiting Office.
ALL FILIPINOS
URGED TO STRIKE
FOR FREEDOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
25
Tiie Wiise Man's Burden
can be named in the single word — dys-
pepsia. It is the one disease, which more
than anyother.rfiects HrtiffUif^iAv uu
If is corr.mon to all M ¦SwEoJs^
rr:i?eT-aV,e. It mars v!|^«
r.( at s and pleasure pga
a man's usefulness f£l
discounts his happi- i
There's a reniedy S^S^ '
Pierce's Golden iled- Espy
from the bodies of gg^CT| §h
hundreds of thou- EwraE&S
every hundred who rgug^Sgai
"I used tra battles of B^WmBIbImI KS
Dr. Pierce'* Golden }fedi- B&gjMBBEB jfm
ca 1 . Discovprj- and several Kii^i^^Sf &^3
spring, and" have had no *^^^^_1 r"SM
troubie w;th indigestion fe^ft^^P^ .^JH^B
• pend, Eroadwater Co., uamu^mUMlUMlUKmmM
Moatana. ¦ Words fail to tell how thankful I
ani for the relief, as I had suffered so much and
it seeraed that the doctors could do me no good.
I pot down in wei^bt to 125 pounds, and wa* not
able to work st all. Now I weieh nearlv 160
and can do a days work on the farm. I have
recommended your medicine to several, and
6hall always have a pood word to 6ay for Dr.
Pierce and his medicines."
Free. Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser
is sect free on receipt of stamps to
pay expense of mailing only. It con-
tains 1008 pages and over 700 illustra-
tions, i Sena 21 one-cent stamps for the
book in paper covers, or 31 stamps for
cloth binding to Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
— -—¦'" 1 .. 'ii t.t ~ ¦¦ ; 2^"~ "SS*^-^" 1
"^C^ 'l» 1 '.' '_!Ts
4 Quart Bottles, $3?o
Ecitsi Charces Prepaid. --
HIGHEST GRADE FOR MEDICINAL OR
farr.My art. We rive you the benefit of the
middlemen's profit; besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of
g^f PURE WHISKEY -^gg
Ncthiet na case to Indicate contents. Money
refunded If not •atlsfactonr. Twice the price
could buy no better. Reference, any business
tirm and commercial agencies.
F, EPHRAiM & CO.. Distillers' Agents,
18 .Montgomery St., S. P., Cal.
E<-.!« Agents French Colony Vineyard Co.. Inc.
ecocecee»960oooe90«»so
I CLEVELAND I
: BICYCLES §
e Are Still Selling for o
I $40 $50 8
© The Cleveland Is a good bicycle. •
• LEAVITT & BILL, g
© 309 Larkin Sfreet, S.F. •
S Second-hand Wheels, $5, $10. $15. «
ADVESTISEIOJNTS.
THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. | TTTTR EMPORIUM. ({ THE EMPORIUM. v r | THE EMPORIUM.
The Authorised Text Books for Primary, Grammar and Higfi Schools will be on sale
Thursday, July 26, and thereafter, in Special School Hook and Supply Department— Main Floor.
July Clearing h- | a rx iiliS \ki a. l »ii_ s £' e Z f r S l y " 8h
Sale in Ladies' and I IHJ& A KC^^Sl C YSPAC\\ With , l*^ J^t
jiiM Eg- fK^T^gSn!™ «^» ¦ *-^"Vv^" : \ \ ", "4-JLL^I ¦ T V fl I, .0 8 Percales, Corded Dimities, Seer3uckers —
Gill I it 1*6 ft S E0GIS i&i Icf w| ]3F|$ || Lif /*"> W t i 0^ 4 ' " ~ three choice line* oa special sale
Fvorv <rarm P nt EH Eh X^ *«^ /2k\. tZ^t^^W /"•fill! y~v ./^ I I rf "I* • "- • '' MonJjyonh— 36-iach percales in good
i$^ f . ¦ , IVinr t^Vsl Ml C /<J#* Jf ! if If 1 1 4 1 1 I I I " " " color iasrsi; neat deais^ asd colors ia
Jii2S^S& n.vt P « « ? '• V\~ 1 M V£-g^ MMKJ*^J I K~J UJl Corded Dimities; and odd lot, ci Crin-
%'iSz!2l?y T J 'a tA ' *^^<JSJ^A/ t ' £t_A L. PL kled Seersuckers -about S750 yards
ipgr iuss^j _. - here ]p %^i^.^^igo
l/ifflih /f)*rT~?}Yv workmanship- f.^2? i^^sfr ""¦""¦"^ i a a i -na. - ~^ ¦ * f \ ~~~" ~~ ~~ "^~~~"^~~ ~ '
MIwj^ix #4 weeK,'Jg. Sa i e of shams
<<?/L U^=34A 3 styles, all JS?"=R „ S—^J&*^Z-^1Z^VlM±12\^~ A -»rtr# «?r«rf»»-«*c
WW$W\ neat 'y t ™ d ' [k } y#2^^\/TT^^§i^ .^T^'mMM^ ana Squares.
mS>^Szm&± now 95C V? j /Wj^^\ All About 25 dozen pieces Imitation Irish
mg3g£fttjgeg*g&k S 1 - 50 fine cam - j^l — A. ™?_™yr < *l\ - All >A^.NS\" '^-^C^S^Ki£^si^m=^r' Point Shams and Squares; the shaaa
br ' C Dn fLKi" V r- r u * i "*> r Y ~=^=£*^=^r are 22x32 inches, the squares 16x16
«' > f' wlth J I ?lt^lace f now....85D i , X :: f^7 ///?// Every lOV WUtltS a Watch I^&S&l \^ [_ J^r^^^ r iachei and 2Jx2). Very fine quality
$3.0C >fiae^cambric Skirt, with double // //// nu/1 wmtf hnv* will wet A n \Ss*\k T^YP^^^ and P""* desi S n8 ' the c hea Pest
ruffle of embroidery and insertion and / / Y/M ///A afia m0Sl D °y S WlU ne6(l a C^P^l vlftX X^- among them beine regularly 50c— on
!«?»&"*£ «K£K#-£I / mffPSf new School Suitjtfterjhe *— s-.*-^* 2g
Z'soo \ §lf/ > vacation. . We prof ose this W§\y% \ g-^ &%£. """
$1.95 Nainsook Skirt Chamiso j Ji WiiU Week to give W\¥ \
with insertion and edge of Valen- 1 it Bu • n «. * *m. n m *% \Xm v3 * I
ciennes lace, now SimiO \ ' // U Both to f the rPiCO Of One* An it * - 0 1 i*" ~*W M'.'*WJ iAifiwmi,-. TO -. > j-j
65c Nainsook Slip, cuff and neck trim- \ j£\ | f . Ih6 Watch ia an American nickel- . |.J|1| ' W 'i-^k^/v 0 %
med with hemstitching and embmid- / ¦ plated, open-faced, full-s zed, good time- . } ''"' Sip Z?} 81 / <^^>v H U
ery.now 49 3 j A 1l keeper. Guaranteed for one year. J' "-- V-J ' |j'|E & #H \f/ U Dl*GSS GOOtfS R
?1.65 long Nainsook Slip, yokes tiim- / I H All- Wcol 2-piece School Suits— Sires 8 to ' n¥M // J vSfrU A H RftVMnnf*! H
med with lace and embroidery, nor... \y l\\ \\- 16 years, Wfffl? " /^/I VWtI^) S m vi « - «
• $1.10 g r t I \\\ $2.43 to $10.00. UllTn * vv wHs P t^tT^- I Hair Price H
Children's OSoaScs, Gaps I IV^ I A11 - W ° o1 3 -P iec « School Suits— Sizes 10 t JIB tt I fk \\ \ £ I V i MOtttiaVm tt
and Dresses Reduood. J\lk%^x! to $10.00. ' f \ hT^I 1 I
$11.00 all-wool 2-oiece Tailor-Made Suits, / J \VXv^^ j Boys' Long Pants Suits— For ages 13 to I J \J| I A \ aB^KB^KB.mjj>M\t^».Mm.mmjmMfy^ l '/|jff S
for ages 8 and 10, brown or blue, now I J i V&>&. >S\\. 19 years. //Am^l "l pti f//\ J- — '
$4.oo"nn;"k¥.wooi" jTcket'sTrefof '**, 1 I iTC^s, I $^' 95 lo * t5 ' 0D - ffiw I ' em "V . W Seasonabie items
with capes, now S2m4t> I I \ flu V^'^lSJ^ TT¥ ==ssm V i== iS^— *H— —asaaaa *W Jty V I A%v\\ 1 I ¦— .. __. -^
57.50 fine all-wool Piaid Golf Cape., a'so I \ \\ \X\^<g7 ¦ fe, f f VJV^^^ J V^HJ I \ FrOtU MSity Dep'tSm
.c». silk-lined ones, in >olid colon, . , J VM M fflPlr/h Traveling Toilet Out flt-CjU
$1.50 French T.wn"Ca"p"i" 6 different - /I I .Jm^K^J^V^ CanlaT
SoSilSy"^^ Sto5:"^d"o^lS JR^^ wSSSSUb (P^f^\
nnur 9tz*% 4^^ ¦ ¦ v»aierprooi nn- i im i
now ;••; • 25 ° — h g $i.oo IU-H&— J
House Furnishings at Very Special Prices. Zl^t^'l 5^ .-I .— 1
Ip^nof ° f th6m tM3 "SSS 10c boxe.Dripleas Wax Ga 3 Tapers (30 in' -^ 75cTloor , o $2.00 Fami.y Wring- * IS^Sefs- tf " # ?
Ladies' fine Split" SaiiorV,'"were" $1.50, 1c bo^',~° n J /^°" 4 ' a > r V.— 'TL m i%° Brush— fjZlrl^W er-one of the best Pohsher, dauber and blackins 3So
now 75c 15c Polished Handled, retmned barrel Gas <<r —^^g^^—^^^-^ vegetable j 7=- "-X made — special Pocket Necessaire — Mirror, comb, nail
Ladies ; "'fin'est"Sailors 'm'£ wwo'$5.00, ,3 ht r er3 ~o" Monday lOp fef ; /IE?jffJ^^ ' fi f ber ' J fe^^ Monday file, pick, etc.- 25o
now £2 SO * 2 - 00 Gas St0ViS > 2 burners — specnl stronger |* p=^ $1.4-9 Punching Bag— A good cue
$10:00TrVmmTd'Hats*'fi;e'l7'made now Monday $1.37 than 1 [£k 20c 0.1 Gan-gai.on Zz^Z $1.25
§/f. t 6Q 40c Chamber Pails — 12-qt. size, painted in bristles, c~3l<**O Q *O B ' z? » extra heavy Boy3 F Boxing OlGVCS — Red tan.
$25'wTmportVd"HaVs'now'''''£y^45 bright colors— 3?ecial Monday 29o 16-inch block and handles— Monday t crew cap and brass per set S.1.00
$18.00 Imported Hits', no w".'.'.7$7. 65 c— •—. Salad Sets— fork 57o drip cup— Monday... 14o Sewing Machino — "Victory."
*• i ' *rT^*T — i an<^ s P oon ' P 0 '" Patent Automatic Ice Pick, with Ostrich Feather Duster — 3-inch 25c Drop Head, guaranteed for 5 years
xgr-~^^^^XT^^s }siiei white spring — will not brnisa tha <9 2 quart Ice-Cream Freezers y easy run- $25. OO
Swiss laurel hand 25g \ ning; quirk $1*65 Parlor Easel — White enamel or
#?'»mma¥«s KVts»44Snns wood 25c Unbreakable indurated fiber Slop ( -\ Universal Ironing Boards — adjustable to solid oak — in Picture Frame Dep't
w «" #*«»««»# «*«™ •IMK&9, Ename'ed Steel Fruit Funnels 2Sc Urns : 75c (,, ,. any ordinary kitchen table— 3 boards Sl.OO
LinOtdtmSm Round Map!.* Wood Bread Boards 25c Adjustable Fly Screens— o If .and brace S2.25 Batty Garrisgo— Hood or paraso
Lemonade Straws— bunch We extra wide, metal or wood 'O h Wickless Blue . Flams Oil Stove — 19W top, extra good one for $6~5O
Ingrain Carpets— Heavy super- Lsrge Meat Safes..... $1.QQ frama3 25c I i model, 2 burner, be3t made $9.5Q Archery Set— Complete iar~2Sc
cnoice floral designs in large assort- I 65s Saucepan — S quarts, long handle, ani Fluting Irons for rufll93... X Sleeve Boards , ¦ -—^ CrokinolO Board— Birch ceater
ment, worth 60c yard— our price this C0V er, best enamel ware -Monday <..~ 45O fl for ironing tjf^V $1*5O
"week 40o 43o 30c Saucepan— 4-qt. size, lipped shirt waists >p < S~~^> Brownlo Cameras— Tot chil-
Tapestry Brussels— A full line 65c Dishpan— best ename'ed ware. 14- and handled, best enameled SOo fc=== ===*' dren $1.OO
of neat, choice patterns, worth 55c quart size— special Monday.. .44o ware— Monday 22c • Main floor— Back of rotunda. Air Gun— Shoots B B shot ..75c
yard-our price this week 40c : — ¦ Splint Clothes Hamper— For
Axntinster Carpets — 1500 _-— -s tf» b * m^ m o 9 M -M m 9 ri soiled clothes &1.5O
yards in lengths from 35 to 75 yards <-£S^^Yl ®T f%. 1 12 £8 UTS 3% ITS & F O JT 45 JLSW#©S «^5^S> MiSOO Dry Battery 4Oo
a very choice assortment of all styles r> §1 | __ «^ . Uv y Wa3te Ba3ket— Fancy straw, square or
of patfem T this week to close at the \X J SffiQQS St MfaOUf 65C Oil tfaQ Si ™ / roaad 50 °
extraordinarily low price, per yard R : \| mm ****** mmm m-*mm+*mmm **m~m* mmm^^ f • i Christy BiCydO Saddles—
-'"""1 00C > •\1 f£f%nf5ttBMf3iG£ TTtfaS^t \^f&8*§W U I Ladie3' or gentlemen's model. .$!.9O
Mattings— An assortment of 100 td %*UMMmBBM8S1*9 B BBB& VVGIrni UO J CrepO Paper— For fancy work- all
JB^BtPB kMm,^$l a 69 $1.98 $2.37 $3.35W%M %£ &%**,
best cork and free from flaws < no sec- N^^SfT **k »n * i- u • 4. «.' * *i.* # • \/M&®kJ LaCe UtfrifllUS.
ondshere). these were thoroughly dry W^a»\L^ <&>k • All Styll3h goods, just out Of the factory. j&ir m fsJ^^^^ All this week your choice of onr entire
before they left the factory, perfect i^" ¦^ t v' N * > *^~^N v No short lots or broken sizes. Bou.ojht by jff&!!&rj&$>*^i$W line of Irish Point, Brussels, Baltenbarg
goods made to withstand wear — our >»^ , n - - ,¦, j n tt j 1 e t^&&e3r^4&y Mfi and Point de Calais Lace Curtains, rang-
pricesnow: %-_ /^^^^n " S ° n Hundreds Ot gZ&2*Sg&y 4S2& ing in price from $7.50 to $20.00 at
45c for 55c qualities. • l a5 ***=£^- ¦ ,¦ pleased customers last week. One-Quarter Off
SOo for 60c qualities. _— tl:e Roguiar Low Prices.
6O °7%'tr^ Ma «. saie of Ribbons. Stationery. „ , *?*» of Belt *- — — — - ±
Linoleums ,2 fietwitU if desired. "^X&y&ftftSPSZ _<3fe^ ¦ "8ST SS i5, "SS^bS? !f ¦*£*'*'££?'
and White Gauza and Moire Taffeta {^^P=^f^^^ b ! ack seaI ' brown morocco, etc. Reg- VirOCerieS m Lit§lMOrSm
Ribbons in assorted colors; also 2J- j[/*^~---^_^J n'ar prices range from 50c to $2.75. Hams — Bast Eastern Sugar Cured
MTMwwnitiB—g* Cola inch Persian R.bbonP. On spe- fo 7^<fe^ 2^ Half Prices Monday. Emporium brand, A
Fur nature oa/e. cia i Mle Monday on i y izg o^#^ ** *•*.- MJkj2r.ib.t2io (u.
We illustrate and describe to-day two Main AM* j^ "fO-^ 'OSte OF l*nM3l OotfOO — Ora £?$W
of the many furniture bargains that the ToitQt HS*tSclGS ' 311 tl G§3SSWSt*Om family blend, 4J Eg 0%
July clearing in this department has pro- at MonGy Saving Prices These Salt, and P.p. ci&T^Jt '"52 /
'^^-— <»iP«Sk Folding 50c size Sutherland's Shampoo 40c The newest fancy box with pictures from HE 5/ j^ft P er ?» fine imitation and'ilocha. 3 lbs. f/'.f S \
jE^^^^^p-^^ Bed— Se- Very arge b'eachei Spongo 25o lifo in black and white on the covers. VfczA Mil of cut glass, new > $1.OO (M 3 =' >
*W!J Kirk'e White Oatmeal Soap, cake 4o suitable for framing, containing 24 l^jtf SlM\ shapes, silver plated Salmon — fancy v
'jilfJlj | •¦ finished in Kirk'f Juvenile Soap, (new sizet, cake.Sc sheets cream tinted kid finish ccrres- //Hs'm 8 mi tops, on special sale red Alaskan, 1 lb. T;
J / ' j '' JG^fl&^Mk''- coldenoak, Mme. Idaiine's Face Creim (free demon- pondence paper and 24 envelopes to f Rj|U i/^PA Monday, each.. tins Monday, doz. \\ bS S /
/ ii'» - ">-^T^ L has a two- Etration), per jir SOo match. 4 size?, per box, 25c, 35c, 9o $1.15, each... S J
'• I I^T^ C plywiremat- " Mm?. Idaiine's Creme de Pomme, cure3 40o and BuC Quart Milk Pitchers, ~.1Oc *~^
\\ id 1- tress with 3 blackheads 5Oc Cards— from your own plate, best white stone china of Cheese— full Cream California, best.
i\ Wi^-sl-gly;^ ) rows of Mme. Idaiine's Face Rouge, a natural quality, per hundr.-d $1.00 the best quahty, on 'S^^— *^. Monday, lb „ 12io
y^ifll/.^S. Hjw springs un- tint 25o Dennison's Sealing Wax Set*. special sale IWon- \ ?*7 \\ Rice— Fancy Carolina head Rice, 3 ibs.
¦ feftlSg' '^^ dorneath - Italian Ca.t-le Soap, 2 lb. bar 2OC including rSJ? o %?*"?*** 6Bo R^Vn. St" 13 'I \l\ single lb 9o
ggrgl: 1 " -. - -^ Ji neatly Rase Milk To.let Soap, box 3 cakes-foo Our Spe^afEox, containirp one quire - a B - ue Stl PP Ied / \JI 5oap— Fairbanks Clairette. Monday.
carved, ex- Imported Tooth Brushes, good qnality paper with envelopes to match, latest /^\!^^_ I =*. X 8 bars 25o
tra well made and finished, exactly as in lOo tints, rough or smooth fin : sb, billet, /*3&5&tL \ *f &-¦)!/ Curry Powder— Crosse & B;ack-
cut, at the very low price.. <gfQ 7C Best quality Ladies' Rubber Gloves.SSo octavo and commercial sizas, box 25o f^J^^Sm W& J weh's, bottle 15o
IJf/O Fountain s * riD S e ' 2 * mrta > be3t « 3 £fc Tin Cash Boxas-Yzl* lock with t&^&M ¦ r^M^fv l S Mil 5 l| L P i lwrl ??f l " ~ Cudah / 3
r7 ss Z~ msSM m% --; ;:;:- rr%? \XSA± ??-*3B3 g^^»%^ss£
Goldeaoakfln- \fty;™.mj$y£-J bott i 0 25c Ink Tablets, good qualities..5© to 25o V^PT?^ 2^ Large Semi- Llbhy'S Pork and tieans—
ish, has 20x28 J; Wj?W?P i Solidified A icohol with heat- Emporium Playing Cards— porcelain D.>co- Monday— a 3-lb can lOo
French plata /; f //%$'> ing apparatus..... ISO equal to 36c per pack cards, have Y Y$ vL^^5' rate< * Chamber "Victory Mush" — Fine breakfaat
K»v«l #^<TAmir / 4?fflrsM Dr. Lambert's Skin Soap, best made, box . picture of store on back, per pack.#5O LJUr^r^X"^ Sat. 6piece«i. sat food, large packages, Monday, A tor
bevel-edge mir- \g\<^ ., 3 cakes 43c I Main Floor-Back of Rotunda. . J2..JL:. .....25o
ror.neat cary- H^^_«_^R . : Extra Brandy— Full quart bottles.
!jecS 2 priee Uf El| tTuy "in°ill d" || SpP^ <8kEld Intshoppii pUw %°tr mn^darX^
"*T TtZ ftS=^L par tments without W* ffcafc^a^UT. fl " Eoliplo''6hampaBno '-Arpad
...^#»#O - UE**^ paying until final wwhw«/ ho b»,w!ii«/ mw-mr* m •"¦ m-»m • some Parlors, Cafe, Haraszthy & Co.'a while supply Ia3ta
Second Floor. ¦? I .1*^^:' purchase is made. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Telephones, etc. -quart bottles 50o
GIANT A //? COMPRESSORS
...AND...
GIANT ROCK DRILLS,
STEAM BOILERS, HEATERS AND
CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS. >
Oof reputation among contractors and miners Is evidence of our
. responsibility. * Estimates furnished upon application.
WM. A. HEWITT. P. H. REARDON.
COMPRESSED AIR MACHINERY CO.,
11 to 4 18 FIHST STREET, San Francisco, CaL ?' or she pleases?
ULFHEIM.
(Confidently)— Of course I do.
MAIA.
(Putting on her hat and moving toward
the door) — Good-by.
ULFHEIM.
(Jumping up)— Good-by? What do you
mean?
MAIA.
Only that my instinct tells me I'd ba
happier to leave you; so — I'm going.
ULFHEIM.
(With an oath)-Not by a long chalk!
MAIA.
Why not? I am an individual; I have a
right to do as I please.
ULFHEIM.
Not where I'm concerned. You're a
good cook and you're pretty. Maia, and
you're a jolly companion. I say you shan't
SO.
MAIA.
Will you marry me if I stay? j
ULFHEIM.
(Reluctantly)— Yes.
MAIA.
But I won't marry you and I won't stay.
Three months of you is enough, but a life
time—Heavens! I'd rather die.
ULFHEIM.
(Angrily, advancing toward her)— Then
you shall die!
MAIA.
(Firmly facing him)— I'm not afraid of
you, Ulfheim. You may kill me if you
please, but you cannot make me continue
to live a life without self-respect. No truo
woman can do that, and I'm going to bo
a true woman after this, or nothing.
ULFHEIM.
(Furiously)— You shall be nothing! (He
raises his arm and rushes in to strike her.
As he does so his doss fly at him and pin
him to the ground. In the confusion Maia
escapes. After a desperate struggle Ulf
heim succeeds in freeing himself from the
dogs, only to hear the voice of Maia sing
ing in the far distance:
I am free! I am free!
No more life with Ulfheim for me.
No more life in the prison for me!
The author of this mediated tragedy
confesses himself unable to imagine how
the scene with the do^s could be put upon
the stage, but he feels that no apology is
due the audience from him. since things
more wonderful and more improbable hap
pen in the Ibsen plays. Witness the gen
tleman who goes duek-huntlng inside hi3
house ("The Wild Duck"); the merchant
who sends eighteen men to certain death
in a rotten ship in order to prserve his
social reputation ("Pillars of Society"),
and the numerous incidents turning upon
hereditary diseases, the obscure Iaw3 of
which Ibsen expounds with a confidence*
that would put to shame a Galton or a
Haeckel.
The fund for the Actors' Home In N>w
York has now reached the respectable sum
of $58 913 29. Recent contributions include
one of $1000 from Jessie Bartlett Davia ami
another of $1297 32 from members (chiefly
non-professional) of the Actors' Club. New
York Contributions may be sent to the
busine°s office of the New York Herald or
of the New York Dramatic Mirror. The
greater part of the money contributed haa
come from members of the profession. It
would be a graceful thing if the general
public were to do something liberal for
this excellent charity. Actors -when called
upon to play for charity seldom fail to re
spond generously. Witness the recent
Sweeney benefit. Let ua show them that
their generosity is appreciated.
That's all very well for you; but it
doesn't suit me. Where do I come in on
this arrangement? I'm sick of hunting
and of cooking for you, and I don't drink.
ULFHEIM.
You come in whenever I please. You
took me with your eyes open, and I didn't
make any bargain to keep you air.used.
Yes, but you might do something to
make my life a little more cheerful. It's
awfully stupid here, with only you and the
dogs.
ULFHEIM.
Why don't you go down and call on some
of the other women at the hotel?
(Savagely)— I did— and what do you
think?
ULFHEIM.
What?
MAIA.
They never returned my calls.
ULFHEIM.
Why not?
MAIA.
ULFHEIM.
That woman that used to live in the
Doll's House?
I couldn't find out until my old friend
Nora came last week.
Yes, Nora; after following Mr. Anstey's
advice and taking a course in morality
at the Norwegian theaters, she settled
down and married a widower with six
children; quite respectable, you know.
ULFHEIM.
Well, what did she tell you?
MAIA.
(Excitedly)— She said that the reason
the other women didn't . return my calls
was because — because — (very excitedly)
you'll hardly believe it when I tell you.
ULFHEIM.
Out with It.
MAIA.
Because I wasn't married to you. There!
(Beginning to break down)— I don't
know and I don't care.
ULFHEIM.
ULFHEIM.
Silly old fools! Have they read Ibsen?
MAIA.
Send 'em down Shaw's book; perhaps
you can convert 'em.
MAIA.
I— I don't want to convert them. (Tear
fully)—I'm beginning to think they're not
altogether wrong.
ULFHEIM.
(Jumping up and kicking a dog Into each
corner of the room. The reader will please
remember that a stageroom has only two
corners; that's why we have two dogs,
not four)— What! You mean to say that
you believe that society has any rights
the individual is bound to respect?
(More firmly)— I don't pretend to de
cide for men, but for women I should say
yes.
ULFHEIM.
(Contemptuously)— You're a sweet kind
of an Advanced Woman, you are; you've
no more capacity for imbibing th« true
Ibsen philosophy than a kitten has for
swimming. (Refilling his pipe)— It takes
a man like me to practice as well as to
preach the Gospel of Instinctive Individ
ualism.
(Earnestly)— Do you really believe that?
That each person has a right to do as he
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SIXTEEN TO ONE-C. S., City. The
meaning of 16 to 1 was explained in this
department in the issue of Friday, July 13.
PAYING TAXES-S. D. W. f City. Eng
lishmen living in England who have realty
rights In the United States and Americans
who own real estate in the United States,
but live abroad, must pay taxes on such
property. If they or their agents do not
the same will be sold to sausfy the de
manas of the authorities of the place in
which such property Is located.
¦ SOLDIERS' HOMES-M. C. B., Ma
drone, Santa Clara County, Cal. The home
for United States soldiers nearest to San
Francisco is the State Home at Yount-
JAMES H. GOEWEY LEFT
FORTUNE TO HIS HEIRS
His Testament and Those of Martha
Crogan and Frank Kesseler
Are Filed.
The will of James M. Goewey, the capi
talist, who died July 13 at his home, 300
Page street, was filed for probate yester
day. Decedent's, estate is valued at $200,
000. The will devises one-fourth to dece
dent's widow. Kate Spencer Goewey; one
fourth to Gertrude Goewey, a daughter;
one-fourth to Herbert 8. Goewey, a son,
and the remaining fourth in equal shares
to three sons— Charles H., Frank B. and
James M. XJoewey. .
The will, : which bears date of June 14,
1900, names Garret McEnerney as admin
istrator.
Martha : "L. '¦¦ Crogran," who 1 died July 11,
leaving an estate valued at $4000, made the
RED CLOTH DRESS. .>
The dress represented Is of soft, red
cloth. The bolero is ornamented with
three rows of stitching. The front, form
ing a waistcoat, is of red surah, and the
corslet is of black surah. The skirt is
trimmed with rolled seams down the
Blues.
CALIFORNIAITS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 21.-C. Fisher, man
ager of the San Diego Opera-house, Is at
the Imperial ;-Valdeman Bry of San Fran
cisco is at the Manhattan.
By reason of the sensation in China the public has
ceased to pay much attention to the war in South
Africa, and it may therefore be well to point out th-it
Lord Roberts has still occasion to begin a good many
dispatches with the familiar phrase, "I regret to an
nounce."
Jackals will fall upon and devour one another when
there is no other carrion feast with which to satisfy
their greedy' hunger. The grewsome revelations
which The Call has made of the ghouls who operate
in the Probate Court of Judge Troutt indicate thit
human wolves are nrone to the same practice.
The Bryanites insist that Minnesota, Michigan and
Wisconsin are . doubtful States this year, and we have
thus another proof that to doubtful people everything
is doubtful.
David Bennett Hill's famous saying, ."I am a Demo
crat," is now a back number, and thcicountry is now
waiting to hear whether he will have the nerve to say
"I am a Bryanitc." j
It is stated that General Palmer is perfectly willing
to be renominated for the Presidency as a Gold
Democrat, and in fact there is a suspicion he will vote
that ticket whether it be nominated or not.
T • . 1 •
Japan is congratulating herself on the fact that in
the present crisis she has no missionaries in China.
The Mikado evidently believes that the most con
vincing argument to be used in the reformation of
Chinese is that which is carried in a cartridge belt.
CALIFOHNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. , July 21.— Mrs. M. L.
Stenly, Ida M. Stealy and Ethel St'ealy of
San Francisco are at the Metropolitan:
S. D. Rogers of San Francisco is at the
Riggs; Mrs. M. J. Golden of California is
at the National.
FASHION/HINT PROM PARIS.
following bequests: To Rev. Father John
McGinty, $600: to Mary F. Knight and
Margaret J. Nichols, daughters, all per
sonal effects. The residue Is devised to
decedent's husband, Patrick J. Crogan,
and their children— Mary F. Knight. Mar
garet J. Nichols, Christopher J. Crogan,
James Crogan and their grandchildren-
Raymond W. and Mabel F. Knight.
By the terms of the will of Frank Kes
seler. late member of the firm of J. and
F. Kesseler, who died March 7 last, the
estate, valued at $10,000, is bequeathed to
his widow, Mary E. Kesseler.
ville, Napa County. Then there is tha
National Home at Santa Monica, Los An
eeles County. The United States Home
for soldiers of the regular army who have
served twenty years as enlisted men is in
the District of Columbia.
CRUELTY TO ANIMALS— I. V. V.,
City. The overloading of a beast of bur
den Is cruelty to animals. Parties guilty
of. such will be prosecuted by the local
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals. A citizen witnessing such cruel
ty is empowered to make an arrest, for
the law authorizes any citizen to arrest
for a misdemeanor committed In hla
presence.
TEMPLE OF KARXAC-J. H., City.
The "Temple of Karnac" Is In Karnac,
Brittany, France. It is composed of more
than 4000 large stones, standing erect on
an arid plain. When the Inhabitants are
asked about the monument they say that
'•It Is an old camp of Caesar, an army
turned into stone," or that "It Is the work
of Crions— little men who were stronger
than giants."
GAME OF CASIJCO— A Subscriber. Hol
lister, Cal. The following Is the rule In
casino as to having more than one build
on the table: "Should a player build up
a card to a certain denomination and hi3
opponent decline to build It up higher he,
the first player, may not alter his build,
but must take it with a card of the saxno
denomination. He Is. however, at liberty
to make another build either of the same
or of any other denomination, or he may
pair or "combine any other cards before
taking his first build, but he must comply
with one of these conditions before play
ing a card which will not do either."
¦\V. H. H. Green, an attorney of Seattle,
is registered at the Lick.
D. C. Worrell, a well-known resident of
Bouldln Island, is at the Lick.
W A. Macklnder, publisher of the St.
Helena Star, is at the California,
H. J. Small, master mechanic of the
Southern Pacific Company, is a guest at
the Palace.
C. E. Tinkham, a prominent official of
the Sierra Lumber Company, Is stopping
at the Grand.
Benjamin P. Barker, manager of the
Olivlna vineyards, In the Llvermore Val
ley, is at the Palace.
Thomas O. Toland, member of the State
Board of Equalization, is registered at the
Lick from Sacramento.
General Superintendent J. A. Fillmore of
the Southern Pacific Company, has re
turned from a two weeks' vacation spent
along the McCloucl River in pursuit of the
unsuspecting trout.
A cablegram from Paris announces that
James H. Hyde, vice president of the
Equitable Life Assurance Society of the
United States has been appointed a Chev
alier of the Legion of Honor in recognition
of hla work for the advancement of
French literature in the United States
through the "'Cercle Francaia de l'Unlver
site" of Harvard.
Rev. Dr. Roscoe Day, president of the
Syracuse University. Syracuse, N. Y., ac
companied by his wife and daughter, ar
rived here Friday evening. In addition to
being a widely known educator Dr. Day la
a powerful and eloquent divine. " His visit
on the coast Is purely for pleasure, and
while here the party will visit the Yosem
ite, Del Monte and Southern California.
In San Francisco they are the guests of
his brother, Thomas H. Day, 1012 Devlsa
dero street.
PERSONAL MENTION.
DANGEROUS DUTY NOBLY DONE.
OUR Government has no Victoria Cross, carry
ing with it honor and distinction, to confer
upon those who in its service perform deeds
of conspicuous heroism in war. Consequently when
a noble deed is nobly done under circumstances of
extreme danger, there can be no suspicion that the
hero was in any way animated by a desire to achieve
the coveted distinction. His act, like that of the
brave fireman, Sweeney, in this city, stands forth as
an exhibition of the heroic performance of duty solely,
and is therefore free from even a suspicion that would
dim its luster.
It is to the glory of our army that its officers and
its men have needed no medals nor special honors
to rouse them to heroic deeds, and yet when such
deeds are done there should be something of a loyal
recognition of them. The feat of Lieutenant Conrad
in carrying Lieutenant Butler from under the fire of
the Chinese in the attack on Tientsin is a case in
point. The Ninth Regiment advanced across an
open plain swept by a flanking fire to attack the en
trenched foe. In the attack Butler was wounded.
Conrad carried him from the, field, and, although he
was himself twice wounded in doing so, swam a ditch
still carrying his friend. We are told in the dispatches
that one of Conrad's wounds was so severe that his
arm had to be amputated.
A deed of that kind is genuine heroism of the high
est and purest type. It is the sort of achievement
that inspires men to valor and to fidelity. It even
adds a luster to the nation itself, for a country that
has such men as that in her armies will never fail
of respect and admiration. We need no cross of
honor to incite our soldiers to noble actions, but it
is clear we do need some fitting way to manifest the
national recognition of their valor.
THE DECAY OF OUR SHIPPING.
How do the Democrats propose to secure this for
our own people? Yowling about the Republican
policy will not answer the question. It is simply an
evasion. If it be desirable that our own people en
joy these profits and benefits, what is the Democratic
plan?
The object to be attained is the restoration of
American shipping and ship-building, in order to
keep at home about $100,000,000 a year paid to for
eign ship-owners for freight on our products trans
ported abroad for sale. In ten years this amounts
to a billion of dollars. We contribute that much
every decade to pay wages to foreign labor in ship
building and profits to foreign ship-owners, sailor3,
underwriters and all the widespread interests im
pinged upon the ocean. trade.
If the reasonable bounty system to employ labor in
rebuilding our merchant marine is wrong, let the
Democrats show that it is, and plainly tell the coun
try what they will substitute for it to secure the same
result
- I 'HE Democratic party has never missed an
I opportunity to charge upon the Republicans
*¦ the decay of our merchant marine. It has
dwelt at length and with noise and effusion upon the
losses that we suffer by emploj'inent of foreign bot
toms i'.i the transportation of our vast ocean com
merce. But that party has had two administrations
since the decline of our shipping began, with Con
gresses in agreement with it, and has done nothing
to remedy the difficulty of which it complains. The
Republican party believes in American bottoms for
American trade and proposes to secure them by a
reasonable bounty system, the fruits of which will
go mainly into the wages ' of labor. This is bit
terly antagonized, of course,, by the Democrats. But
do they want American cargoes under the American
flag? If they do,, how do they propose to go about
it? This is a campaign of affirmation's, not negations.
The people are not so much interested in viewing
with alarm or pointing with pride as they arc in what
affirmative policy parties will follow when in power.
Bryan forced the 16 to- 1 plank on the Democratic
party, but there is a big difference between the. party
and the county.
.. Bad as the election of Dibble to the Assembly
would be. that of Wclfe to the Senate would be even
vror5e, for he would hold over to tlie next Legislature
and thus be able to support a railroad candidate for
the United States Senate as well as to support the
railroad apportionment scheme. In short, the de
feat of both men is desirable in the interests of .hon
est politic?, and we repeat it is gratifying to know
that the loyal Republicans of their districts have re
$olvcd to effect it.
Under any circumstances the nomination of such
men by the Republicans would seriously compromise
the party. It would be a plain notice that in their dis
tricts at least the ward bosses, the Mint saloon gangs
end the railroad were in control. This year such
nominations would be particularly unfortunate, be
cause the coming Legislature is to apportion the As
sembly, the Senatorial and the Congressional districts
of the Stale, and under that apportionment all elec
tions will be held for the next ten years. The railroad
and the Mint saloon bosses of each party are in com
bination for the purpose of controlling the Legisla
ture and making the apportionment. Can any man
doubt in whose service Dibble and Wolfe would work
were they in the Legislature when that issue
COir ' CSl:i)? • r ,.-,,.,.
The apportionment of the various electoral dis
tricts is a matter of serious concern to the people.
Should the control of the Legislature be in their hands
the railroad managers 3.nd the Mint saloon bosses
would so gerrymander the State as to give themselves
an immense advantage in every election for legislators
and for Congressmen for a decade to come. To
achieve that the railroad politicians have for some
time past been engaged in doing politics with Crim
mins and Kelly and the Democratic bosses of this
city. Their schemes car. be defeated only by the reso
lute action of loyal Republicans in fighting every
candidate -that the railroad and the Mint saloon ma
chine f.v.t t:p. That is the responsibility the emer
gency imposes upon the Republican party and upon
independent voters.
Of Mr. 'Wolfe it may be said that in the Legislature
his actions have not belied his name. When anything
in the shape of spoils was to be hunted down, no rav
enous wolf of the plain? ever followed a trail with a
more tireless energy or with a greater intensity of
greed. He stands for nothing that is Republican. It
may be doubted if he is even aware of the nature of
Republican policies. Certainly he has no high respect
for- the reputation of the party and would not hesi
tate a moment in betraying it if he saw any profit
for himself in doing so.
It may be necessary later on to review the politi
cal record of Dibble :>nd of Wolfe, but it does not ap
pear so at this time. The people know very well
what sort cf politics crch of the two practices. Judge
Dibble has been so consistently and persistently a
supporter of the Southern Pacific Company, and has
so earnestly advocated all of its schemes in the Legis
lature, that he is universally regarded as an employe
of the company — the representative of the corporation
en the noor of the Assembly, just as other well-known
characters are recognized as the representatives of the
company in the lobby.
GRATIFYING to every loyal Republican and to
every friend uf honest politics and the wel
fare of the State is the announcement of a
movement among the Republicans of their districts to
defeat the ambition of Judge Dibble to obtain election
to the Assembly and of Eddie Wolfe to be elected to
the Senate. Neither of these men is in any way
representative of the people, of the Republican party
or of any legitimate interest of the community. So
far as they represent anything- at all outside of their
Selfish fortunes it is the Southern Pacific Company,
but in the main they are in politics for the spoils and
for boodle.
FOR HONEST POLITICS.
Devotees to the fashion of wearing high collars will
perhap? be. pleased to learn that a New York doctor
says such collars have a 'tendency to cause tonsiliti*.
and that the "disease :s'n6w regarded as fashionable.
To prevent the railroad and the saloon bosses from
controlling""the Legislature and. so Retting power to
apportion the electoral' districts of the State for the
next ten years, every Republican must do his duty.
This is no time' to take chances.
SCKNE— A room in Ulfheim's hut In
the mountains. Left, up stage, a
bear skin couch. Right, ditto, an
open fireplace. On left wall, down
stage, a rude wooden shelf, middle of
which Is ornamented with a bust of Ibsen;
on left end of shelf a human skull, which
is instantly recognized (by all of the au
dience who have read "When We Dead
Awaken") as that of Arnold Rubek. On
right end of shelf a little book. The near
est seat in the orchestra-;- Is thirty feet
from this book, but every one in the house
perceives at once that the title on I this
book reads "The Quintessence of Ibsen
ism: By G. Bernard Shaw." Ulfheim is
discovered devouring bear steaks, the
bones of which he throws to his two
dogs, who eat them with less voracity
than does their master the steaks. The
room is filled with smoke arising from the
bear steak, which Mala is with difficulty
cooking as fast as Ulfheim can eat.
MAIA.
(Throwing down the frylngpan) — There,
Ulfheim, I declare I'll not fry you an
other steak to-night.
ULFHEIM.
(Stretching himself contentedly and fill
ing his pipe)— Well, I've had about
enough, little woman. Won't you have a
bit? I don't want any more.
MAIA.
(Pettishly)— Thank you; you are really
too kind. But I'm too tired to eat.
ULFHEIM.
Tired? I don't see what's made you tired.
MAIA.
Your society.
ULFHEIM.
Oh, come, now.
MAIA.
Yes, your society in this (glancing
around) prison.
ULFHEIM.
You seem to get yourself Into prison
everywhere you go. When you left Rubek
you sane something about "No More Life
in His Prison for You."
MAIA.
(Taking up the skull almost tenderly)—
Ah, poor Rubek; he wasn't a bad fellow
after all. And with all his faults he had
the advantage of being my husband.
ULFHEIM.
(Snatching the skull from her and
throwing it across the room)— What stuff!
The very thing you wanted to get rid of—
and the snowslide saved me the trouble
of doing It for you.
MAIA.
(Thoughtfully)— Yes, but I sometimes
think I made a mistake— several mistakes.
ULFHEIM.
For instance?
MAIA.
1 Well, mistake number one was you.
You're not such a pleasant person to live
with as I imagined, Ulfheim.
ULFHEIM.
Well, thank God, I'm not an artist, at
any rate; I'm a Primitive Man. You said
you wanted to be free and live with a
Primitive Man.
MAIA.
Yes but you're too primitive for any
body but a Hottentot, Ulfheim. You do
nothing but hunt all day and get drunk
every night.
ULFHEIM.
"Well, what would you have? I'm only
following my instinct, and our friend Ib
sen there (pointa with his pipe to the bust)
tells you that's the highest morality.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Ml Communica isns to W. S. LEAKE, Marker.
PIKUCATIOS OFncE..Mi>rl*«'t nnd Tfclrd. S. K.
Telriilitine !*»¦«?¦¦ *O1.
CDIlt'niAL SOOMS 217 to 221 Sterenioa St.
Te-Ieplione Pren 202-
DeliTtrrA hy Cnrr«rr«. 15 CrtHm Per "Week.
Slnclo Copleii, C Cent*.
Terni !•> Stall. IncladlnfC Po««flc*i
DAILT CALL. (Jncladinc Sunday), one year ..!•¦<*
PAILT CALA. (Including Sunday). 6 months 8.M
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), I montht 1.50
X>AtLT CALL—Br 61n S le Month «W>
Fl."NT>AT CALL Ot>« Tetr }••*
WEEKLY CALL On« Y««r I- 00
All pustuiaatrm are nathorlred to recelre
«ub«crlptlonit.
S&x&pU eerie* wfll t»e forwarded when r«<iue«t*4-
M«il «ub«cr!ber* la ordering chanr* of a<Jdr»s» ehauld b«
f*rUcu:»j- to give /»th NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to ln»ur« a, prvrr.pi and correct compliance with their request.
OAKJLAJVD OFFICE 1118 Broadwaj
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Ucna£«r Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Lc&s DlkUAoa TVlephM* "Central 2t13.")
NEW TOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTCN Her*id Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWB ETAXDS:
EbcRCtn Bouse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
r*rcmr.r,t Il-u2«: Auditorium Hotel.
ICEW YORK NEWS STANMl
"Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Breatano, SI Union Square;
Hurray B1U HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFFICE Wellington Hots.
MQRTON t. CRANE, Correspondent.
CnA\rK OFFirES-07 Montgomery, corner of Clar. op-n
cctS t:S0 o'clock. JCO Hayee. op«a until l:S0 o'clock. «*
McAllister, open cnUl 8:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
it- o'clock. 1M1 Sdleslon. open until 10 o'clock. 22(1 Market,
corner Sixteenth. cp*n until S o'clock. 10S6 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 8 o'clock. NW cor
ner Twrnty-aecond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
SUNDAY JULY 22, 1900
MUCH 0DO flBOUT NOTHING-
Z^ ASTERN people take a keen interest in Cali
¦'- fornia and particularly in its Chinese
* — * problems. As the interest is not always ac
companied by a knowledge of the facts of the situa
tion, there grows out of it no- end of misconceptions,
misrepresentations and foolish alarms. We had illus
trations of such errors in the exaggerated reports
given of the bubonic plague quarantine a short time
ago, and now we have more of the same kind in the
expression of Eastern fears that the people of San
Francisco will burst out in mob violence and inflict
upon the Chinese of this city retaliation for the out
rages committed by Boxers upon Americans in China.
The matter has been brought directly to our at
tention by a correspondent living in Pittsburg, Pa.
He sends us an editorial from the Pittsburg De
spatch commenting upon the supposed danger to ths
Chinese; in this city, and saying: "To undertake to
revenge by mob violence the outrages in China on
Chinamen in this country who had no participation in
them would be to show that we have in the United
States an element as bad as the Chinese without the
mitigation of ignorance. If there is any tendency in
that direction it will devolve on both the local and
general govcrnnients to prove they have more virility
in compelling order than the Chinese 'Government
has. So far frankness must admit the disagreeable
fact that our Government makes a poor showing in
this respect, for while both China and the United
States have paid indemnity for mob outrages China
has sometimes punished the rioters and the United
States never has."
To that editorial our correspondent adds a per
sonal appeal to The Call to use its columns and to
"induce other Western newspapers to do all in their
power to suppress even the appearance of a desire or
intent to revenge the massacres of our American
missionaries by massacreing innocent Chinamen in
our land." His plea is written with full earnestness,
and he adds: "If the columns of our public 'press
toem with appeals to the pride and manhood of our
citizens, whether native or foreign born, asking them
to demonstrate under these most aggravating cir
cumstances and appeals for vengeance that our Chris
tian civilization is so much superior to the heathen
barbarism that has characterized the murder and
massacre of our Christian missionaries, the present
serious and intensely aggravating scenes afford the
American people an instance such as the world's his
tory has never had of demonstrating to the entire
world the superiority of our Christian civilization."
All of that is most excellent in sentiment and in
tent, but it is nevertheless the expression of an alarm
absolutely uncalled for. In San Francisco there is
not the slightest danger of an attack on Chinatown
or on the Chinese residing in other parts of the
city. So far from doing mob violence to any of the
race, it is becoming doubtful whether we shall even
succeed in getting the Board of Health and the
police to enforce the sanitary laws within the district
where most of them dwell.
Race animosities against the Chinese do not exist
among Californians to anything like the extent our
Eastern friends imagine. There is an opposition to
the immigration of Chinese t,o the country, but that
ij based upon reason and not prejudice. There has
never been a suggestion in. the press or on the streets
of this city of anything like an attack upon the race
by way of revenge for what has been done by the
Boxers. On that score the Eastern people may tie
content. Nothing will be done in San Francisco jof
a retaliatory kind, nor is there even a desire on the
part of anybody to attempt it. ff
flN INSIDIOUS SCHEME.
THE Bryan platform is rich in denunciation of
government by injunction, and by reaffirming
the Chicago* platform projects into this cam
| paign its destructive attack on the courts. If one will
| itflect upon the incidents of the State convention at
i Sacramento there will appear the deliberate and
I planned purpose to remove from, property its judi
; cial protection. Hon. Dan Ostrom sought to be made
' a delegate at large. His long public experience and
i capacity for leading men by convincing their reason
! would have made him a strong man on the delega-
I tion. Me has always made his living by farming, is
; a large owner of real property, all earned- by hard
I -.York, and has a good citizen's respect for law ar.d
; order. He lives under government by injunction.
! Like other farmers in the Sacramento Valley, he
! holds possession of his land against destruction by
I hydraulic mining by virtue of Judge Sawyer's in
! junction. The Populist control of Democracy did
not want such a man on the delegation. Nor did that
control that is behind Populism want him. It is an
old and wholesome principle of the common law that
while a man may enjoy his own, his use stops when
it becomes a damage to another. Behind all of these
attacks upon law and order is a sinister influence
which chafes under that principle, and It uses Popu
lism, anarchy, socialism, nihilism and every other
form of attack upon the rights of property to carry
out its purpose.
We have already explained the processes of direct
legislation. Under this system, demanded in the
Kansas City platform, courts, Congresses and Legis
latures disappear, or remain shorn of their constitu
tional power and dwarfed into inutility. Every issue
now settled by judicial decision will be unsettled.
Ever}- perpetual, injunction now written in the de
crees of the courts will go to popular vote, and the
rights of property and the regulation of its uses will
be taken from the courts and put into politics, to be
settled at the polls and made the material for dema
gogues to work on. -
The proposition is the most dangerous and in
sidious that has ever been made. Not the least of its
dangers is in its flattery of the people. It whispers
to them certain truths, which are fundamental under
our system of government — that they are the source
of power, therefore why not exercise it directly, with
out the mediation of, representatives? Those who
oppose this are taunted with being afraid of the peo
ple, unwilling to trust them, and desirous of taking
power away from the masses. In the very nature of
these appeals one can feel the rising of the deluge
that will be if once the floodgates are raised.
Our constitution was made to secure and per
petuate free, representative self-government. What
ever invades that system of government smites the
constitution. Whatever destroys it destroys the con
stitution.
The people in their economic life practice represen
tation. The farmer does not shoe his own horse, but
is represented in that operation by the blacksmith.
The blacksmith does not raise his own wheat, but is
represented by the farmer. Each shows his capacity
to govern his own affairs by the correctness of his
judgment in selecting his representative in these
economic operations. The men who made the con
stitution simply carried this universal economic prin
ciple into government. Citizens who have not the
time to study the relation of a public policy or legal
principle to their interests select a representative
who by reason of his representative character is
moved to give the time required to master the ques
tions that inhere in government. No one will pre
tend that the economic system of the country would
prosper if demagogues should go out teaching the
people that one man can shoe horses, raise wheat,
weave cloth or paint pictures just as well as another,
and therefore needs ho representative in any of the«e
activities lying outside his own vocation. Nor will
any one, not partisan mad, pretend that all juridicable
matters and all the legislation and administration of
government can be carried on at the ballot-box and
made a part of the politics of the country.
Liberty regulated by law was established by the
constitution. License regulated by the potent pas
sions which attend party action is to be substituted.
We ask men who know why they belonged to the
old Democratic party if they can think of supporting
this proposition for the abolition of the guarantees of
government and property?
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 22, 19OO.
MAIA.
MAIA.
MAIA.
MAIA.
MAIA.
MAIA.
26
MAIA AND ULFHEIM
oooooocoo 0 0 o o o o ooocooocx
I STOCK! \
0 <
o <
1 Fully Paid and Non-Assessable,]
3 Holder Secured Against Loss. I
§ 800 ACRES i
§ IN COALINGA DISTRICT.)
§ ALL OF SECTION 2X !
! © ONE-FOURTH OF SECTION 14, |
Q TOWNSHIP 21 SOUTH. j
Q RANGE 15 EAST. M. D. M. *
Q PRODUCING WELLS ON ALL SIDES.)
Q CALL OR SEND FOR PROSPECTUS. (
I OPHIR OITCOMPANY, !
8R00Q 14, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.!
g BAN FRANCISCO. '
6 Lot Angeles Of flce-402 Doujlaa Block. \
000000000 o o o o o o ooocoood
Cal. dace fruit 60c per n> at Towasend's.*
Special Information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by thm
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont*
comery si. Telephone Main 1W2. ( V;
"Held office all his life." reads an obit-
uary notice, "and died at his post."— At-
lanta Constitution.
Grar.4 Orera-hcu«e— "The Great Ruby."
California— "Kush City."
Columbia— Burton Holmes' Lectures.
Tivcli— "Wan;."
Alcazar— "Insoir-ar."
Orjheum— Vaudeville.
Olympj*. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zuo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's — "Autuir.n Leave*."
Union Coursing l J ark— Courslns to-<l».y.
neereatlon Park — BasebaiL
Golden Gate Hail- Exhibition cf Taintlcs.
Sutro Baths— Oj>en n'.cht*^
AUCTION SALES.
By Cfcase & Mender.hail— Thursday. July 28. at U o'clock.
Trcit:r.g and Work Horses, at i7'£2 Market street.SILVER VALUES
ARE NOW UPON
UPWARD GRADE
e
Industrial Demands and
Needs of Orient Helping
White Metal.
e
Pacific Coast May Reap Benefit
Frcn Existing Conditions—Prog
ress of Work Among
Gold Sliners.
?
The rec^r.t rise ln the price of sliver has
caused a preat deal of comment ar.d also
rr.uch»conj«:cture concerning future quo
tations. The rise Is probably due to an
active demand for the metal. If this
opinion Is correct the appreciation In price
Is of Importance to many silver properties
In the Pacific coast States. There has
r re zi pome speculative interest in the mar-
Icet. but this has not been enough to ex
ercise any marked influence upon quota
tlor.5. Many Eastern journals have dis
cussed the matter. A comprehensive re
view of existing conditions is contained
in the Krigineering and Mining Journal,
published in New York, which takes the
view that the Increase Is due to the in
dustrial demand and, in greater degree.
to the demand for the metal ln the Orient.
The Journal mentioned reaches this high
ly satisfactory conclusion for those who
have silver mine holdings: "I'pon the
whole it appears probable that the de
mand for silver will be large for some
time to come, and that the metal will
command high prices— that is. in compari
son with those which have been the rule
for several years past."
The reasoning of the same authority Is
Interesting, being In paxt as follows:
There has been, as »e noted some time ago,
an Increase in the demand for silver for indus
trial purposes. This is the result, in ;>art. of
the low prices which have prevailed for several
years, but ln ereater decree of the general
proEf*rity of the past two or three years. Bus
ln<**s has b^en good, the ftvorld has been busy
ar.d has had a surplus to spend, so that there
has been a demand for the articles of use
ai;4 ornament la which silver forms an Im
portant part.
This Industrial demand, however, though of
importance, is not of itself enough to cause a
rise in prices. This Is mainly due to the de
mand for the metal in the Kast. especially ln
India and China.
The quantity Of sliver taken for export to
Ir.dla In the first half of the year showed an
increase of 23 per cent, which was mainly due
to the purchases of the metal which were forced
on the Indian <Joveron>ent. When the coinage
of silver Has discontinued ln India seven years
aj?o the reserve which the Government main
tained asair.st Its circulating notes was largely
in silver rupees. As thla reserve was drawn
upon It was replaced by gold under the policy
adopted r.y the Government. India is a poor
country, however, and the great bulk of the
business transactions among its pe°P' e '* ' n
amount.* too small for any gold coin that might
be issiK-d. and i?old coin does not circulate at
all ln the cour.try. Even the hoards of the
people are usually too Fmall for gold, and by
necessity as well as by custom they are in
silver. The demand for coined rupees continued
steadily and tbe reserve ln the' Indian Treas
ury vsf drawn down so low that theCovera-
Best became alarmed at its small amount.
of sliver continue It may be inferred that a
llrr.lt has not been reached.
Besides this Government demand the private
purchases of silver for India have continued
as large as usual. It has been noted .hereto
fore that in famine years sales of silver to
The Golden Gate mine near Angels
Calaveras County, will have a five-stamp
mill.
The Eagle Gold Mining Company near
El Dorado has made the final clean-up for
the season.
The Big Canyon mine. El Dorado Coun
ty, has closed down.
Development work Is progressing on the
Ribbon Rock mine, Placervllle; on the
Cincinnati mine south of Placerville ajid
on the Schleger mine near Greenwood, El
Dorado County.
-A wagon road will be constructed in
Toulumne County from the Rawhide to
the line of the Sierra Railway.
Ten stamps are testing the new ore
body found in the 500-foot level of the Lin
coln mine at Sutter Creek.
Doyle. Petkin & Levy of Xevada County
have bonded a tract at Clipper Mills.
Butte County, embracing placer and
quartz properties.
The number of poada of sand washed
and the weight of gold recovered must be
entered in official books obtained from a
Government mining office. The gold re
covered must be kept on hand at the mine
and its weight must agree exactly with
the total recorded. If any gold has been
Eent to the Mining Bureau the receipt may
be shown ln lieu of the gold. No one Is
allowed to sell gold or to use It in trade.
All gold from the mines must be deposit
ed with the Government Mining Bureau,
where it is weighed, melted and assayed
just as it is ln the United States with the
difference that the Russian Government
desires the presence of the mine owner
or his representative during the melting.
The gold is paid for at the rate of 9044
per cent of the coinage value of the metal.
This Is the direct tax upon the produc
tion. There is also a tax upon the land,
which is fixed at the time of tho approval
of the official survev. When part of a
claim Is upon village community lands
the village authorities demand an annual
tax. Whenever the workings destroy a
grain field or a pasture proper . recom
pense must be made.
i What would be called in the United
States an entry Is called ln Russia a
"zalafky." Such papers are for veins or
for placers. One person may enter a vein
claim adjoining his own entry for placer
but he cannot have the beginning points
of two veins or two placers closer to each
other than five versts (about 3 1-3 miles)
though adjoining claims may be acquired
by purchase. It is the custom for the
wife and relatives of a mine owner to
take out mining rights, and thus the law
against entering adjoining claims is prac
1 tically inoperative.
The filing of the zarafky gives the right
to explore the ground by shafts or other-
Wise, but not to take away any gold. The
law provides that all the gold that Is
found during exploration must be thrown
back into the shafts, but this probably
Is never observed. Before beginning the
work of taking out gold the head mining
engineer of the district must be notified
and an undertaking for liability for injury
to or death of any employe must be
signed. One foreman was Imprisoned two
months because a miner was kiljed In a
poorly timbered drift to which he had
been sent to work.
Charles Tappan has made a translation
of the Russian mining law. Any one can
own mines who has secured a miner's
right. The preliminaries, for a foreigner,
are quite complicated and Include a cer
tificate from the law courts of one's
native country that he Is not insolvent
and the Russian consul nearest the place
of residence must certify that this cer
tificate Is ln proper form. The limit of a
filacer claim is 280 acres and the greatest
ength cannot exceed three and one-third
miles. A vein claim cannot exceed one
square verst. The official land surveyor
is paid by the Government, "but." says
Mr. Tappan, "It Is customary to give him
40 or 50 rubles, 'for tea,' and also 10 to
15 rubles to the army officer, who Is
always detailed to watch that the land
surveyor is not bribed."
I For China the demand has been on a <1<ff<>
| ent basis. The shipments to that country for
j th° first half year have been nearly double
¦ those of last year. This has not been duo to
J any great Increase in tra/ie. but to the fact
! that European nation* — especially Russia— hav.
i tv>en spending large amounts In China for rall
i road building, mine explorations, Improvements
| of port* and other \rorks. and their payments
1 have been largely made in silver. The demand
I thus created had to be met by purchases In
the opsn market, end these have been a factor
quite as important as the Indian buying in
maintaining prices. The demand for China
Is likely to continue and may be increased
rather than diminished by the present state
of affaJra there.
India do not fall off, as might be expected,
and this has been the case during the present
fear.
so ,]"t of thing. Superintendent Webster
will probably make a fight on the propo
sition, and there will be a merry time.
FREDERICK L SKAGGS
JOINS THE BENEDICTS
Chief Clerk of St. Nicholas Hotel
,. Weds Miss Harriet Morgan of
Cherokee.
Frederick L. Skaggs, chief clerk of the
St. Nicholas Hotel, and Miss Harriet
Maude Morgan were married at the hotel
Wednesday at 12 m. Mrs. R. I. Richards,
cousin of the bride, and L. G. Schord Jr.
attended the bridal couple. The Rev
Father Tarish, pastor of the Church of
the Advent, officiated.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Skaggs left Wednesday
afternoon for Del Monte. They will
spend the honeymoon there and in South
ern California, and will be at home at the
St. Nicholas after September 1. The bride
Is the daughter of Jenkin Morgan, a well
known mining man of Cherokee, Butte
County.
The Greatest Innovation.
To-morrow on sale 1000 pairs of shoes
for men and women. New styles, all
worth from $2 50 to $3 50, for $1 25 a pair.
I will sell every pair of them. This is the
highest grade of shoes ever offered at a
forced sale. My word for it. You need
not buy. but come and take a look at
them. It will pay you for future refer
ence. I will be pleased to see you at the
assignee sale of shoes. 775 Market street,
near Fourth. P. C. Kelly, assignee. •
Music at the Park.
The Park Band will render the follow
ing musical programme this afternoon:
Overture. "The Siege of Corinth" Rossini
"Chorus of the Romans" Massenet
Scenes fro.n "Travtata" Verdi
Intermezzo from "Manon Lescant" Puccini
Selection from "The Serenade" Herbert
Overture. "Xabucco" Verdi
Barytone sole, theme and variation from
"The Bohemian Girl"
By Mr. W. Colverd.
Mosaic from "Pagllaccl" Leoncavallo
Patrol. "The Blue and Gray" Dalby
March, "The 401 of New York" Wald
SCHOOLS SOUTH
OF MARKET MAY
BE ABOLISHED
Board of School Directors to
Consider the Matter
To-Morrow.
Superintendent Webster Will Prob
ably Make a Hard Fight Over the
Proposed Eight-Year
Course of Study.
There is a possibility that the School
Board, when it meets on next Monday,
may abolish the Longfellow School, and
possibly the Stanford as well. The board
will at least abolish one school south of
Market street, and Director Denman Is
anxious to cut out two schools. A fight is
expected over the proposition.
Members of the board admit that they
are contemplating the "consolidation" of
schools south of Market street, as they
are pleased to term it. but they do not
like to hear the term "abolish." The re
stilt will be the same, at all events. The"
children who have been attending the
abolished school will have to find places
In some of the other schools, possiblv
some distance away, and the result will
mean trouble for the Directors.
The Directors will not admit that they
are contemplating the abolishment of
Longfellow School, but it is a fair sur
m!sc from the turn that affairs have
taken that they have such a course ln
contemplation. The board has many re
forms to make and salaries to pay and a
reduction of expenses must be made in
some direction to meet all of the require
ments. Other members of the board do
not agree with Director Denman concern-
Ing the Stanford Sch'ool. and It is not be
lieved that that proposition will go
through.
Another matter of great importance
that will come before the board to-mor
row will be the consideration- of the new
course of study. Superintendent of
Schools "Webster has been working for
vears to perfect a nine years'. course, but
the present board has disregarded his
suggestions and desires an eight-year
course, with fancy cooking and all that I
Shaughnessey Again Accused.
; John Shaughnessey. who. with George
"West. Is locked up In the City Prison with
charges of grand larceny and vagrancy
against his name, will ln aJl probability
have to answer to another charge. He is
accused of "lifting" a diamond pin. from
the necktie of Julius Reuner, -who waa
visiting the Olympla Theater. The crime
was committed a few nights ago. Reuner
was leaving the theater when Shaugh
nessey and another man. supposed to be
West, touched him for his pin. Last night
Reuner visited the City Prison and posi
tively identified Shaughnessey as being one
of the men who sot away with his pin.
KWANG SU, THE CHINESE EMPEROR.
The merchants of Chinatown ln San
Francisco and most of the other Chinese
people there celebrated yesterday as the
THE sun do move." say the subjects
of Kwang Su, and the movements
. of the orb of day puzzle them when
they try to celebrate their Emper
or's birthday.
Ho Yow, Consul General, was not satis
fled with the way Chinatown was
conducting itself regarding the Em
peror's birthday, and yesterday he
set about reforming the Chinese
calendar to make it fit both sides
of the one hundred and eightieth
meridian. That was hard work even
for an astronomer, and harder still
for him. More than, that it was
absolutely Impossible for him to make
his compatriots see it that way. So he
cabled to Hongkong asking an immediate
answer as to what day it was there. The
answer came oack that it was "yester
day"—that Is according to the day of the
month it was here. The rest of the Chi
nese said: "Well, that does not demon
strate anything except that the telegraph
is slow. We always thought It was bv
the way the messages get around. Jus"t
like the messenger boys."
Now th* result is this: To-day is the
26th day of the sixth moon of the twenty,
sixth year of the reign of Kwang Su —
that is It Is In San Francisco. It is only
yesterday In China.
\\ ons Chung, the secretary of the Six
Companies, said that his people also
would not observe the occasion but In the
most perfunctory manner.
In some of the restaurants and more
particularly in the back rooms of the
stores of some of the smaller tradesmen,
there was high carnival yesterday, and
plenty of sam shu and broken china.
Ho Yow i3 right. A celebration of the
birthday anniversary of any Chinese
potentate these days might be an entire
waste of energy and money, as there is no
telling what heads have now no necks
under them.
"Beside that we feel that we owe it to
the memory of those who have suffered
in China to abstain from all of the festivi
ties and Joyous proceedings with which
we usually mark the occasions. We will
have a few flowers and will meet and
draw up memorials to be forwarded to his
majesty. Beyond that nothing will be
done."
Emperor's birthday and a great number
of varnished roast piss were carried away
from the hooks in front of the pork shops.
"The people of the legation, most of the
officials of the Six Companies and the
literati generally will not celebrate until
to-morrow," said Ho Yow. in explaining
the matter to a Call reporter yesterday
evening. "Our celebration this year will
be very, very quiet, for two reasons; one
is the uncertainty of the fate of the Em
peror. We do not know officially that he
is dead: that is all I can say as to whethei
or not he lives.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
TWO CELEBRATIONS OF
KWANG SU'S BIRTHDAY
27
HIIY n FAN IIP ftF
Many at half price, others near It. Very substantial reductions
on Mattings of sterling quality. The same that we sold for double
or near it just two months ago. Hundreds of rolls In all grades and
at all prices. If you are In need of a roll of Matting do not miss this
opportunity, but call and examine our stock and convince yourself
that we have the largest and the best line of Matting to be found In
the city. Note some of the prices : ,
SO wlls of heavy China Mattlnr. worth »" 50. 200 rolls of high grade Japanese Matting in
at. per roll 9S.«)O beautiful carpet effect ln all colors, worth
200 fancy rolls, worth J9. at • ftJ.OO fully J13. at IJS.O5 per roll. Every roll con-
200 fancy rolls, wqrth $12, at, per roll....$8.OO tains full 40 yards.
The Japanese Mattings are cotton warp and OH Cloths, extra heavy, at, a yard 35 C
seamless, in small Inlaid effect and damask Linoleums— A very heavy, superior line of these
patterns. . goods always in stock, at, a yard. ........ .45c
228 Powell St., Neap Geary;
--—^ kWl Not.:.: I
I 1 »¦«» m This City t
I ftiawdl Is lhere anoih2r stock of TH1S SE A- ?
/ "X. 1^@/ S0N<S SUMMEB SHOES so fresh. 2
/ - <s b i . Xvft^v sn3 PP y ar)i u "-'o-date zs we now T
pj*»m^ \^' offer BARGAIN-HUNTERS. Buy now ?
V— W^ — -^S and we wi!I DYE THEM BLACK afler -
~^^*"^^BS»3^ seascn is cver - thus giving you both T
r,«^l_^^S^-**---i^^S^ a Summe r and Fall Sh:e (cr price of f
HERE ARE A FEW OF THE MANY OFFERINGS; |
MEN'S, In large variety, at prices which cannot fall to ca'ch tha swell dresser X
whose purse is NOT OVERINFLATED. ±
WOMEN'S Chccolate Lace Oxfords, kid or vesting: tops, new round toe PI QA J
and tips, medium hesl. dressy and ccmfortaDle, all sizes uli JU 4*
WOMEN"S Dark Brcwn Kid Lace Eost, Goodyear welt new coin toe OQ nr ?
and tip, chic design, medium hee's, all s!ze3 uZiJJ |
KOMEH'S Chocolate VicI Kid Lace Boot new coin tee and straight tip, Q j QH >I
smart design, shoe built for comfort and style, all slze3 Oh JU jl
X
MiSSES' Chxolate Kid Batten, spring heel, wide coin toe and tip, sizes D| |C X
11 to \h Oli I j j:
CHILDREN'S ditto, sizes 7 to WA :.... 1 61.00 -
FOSTACE EXTRA. SEE OUR WINDOWS. ?
Kast'S !
738-74O MARKET STREET. V
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair,
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific method applied to the gumr. Xo
sleep-producinp agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
I Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
| and ingredients to extract, fill and apply (tnld
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
! natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth $3: a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. & Gold Alllngs, $1. Silver Bll-
inps. 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department in charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you In advanc*
exactly what your work will cost, by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FR AM CISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
Your
Eye-Glasses
Are Important— even as your eyeslrht is Im-
portant. We mean that every pair of eyeglasses
we ilt shall Qt precisely. Any oculist will tell
you that we are careful and exact.
Our new clip is security, 60c.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 19.
opticians^hot^^;;;,^ 115 -
642 Market 5t. instruments
under CHRo«ctt ButtoiNo. Catalogue Free.
SUFFERING WOMEN
,». .. After twenty years' ex-
CR?& 9 *'}£>'a)O r^rlencp ln the l»adlnR
C _'!lLI r ' '^¦¦nf European Hospitals for
t^CSKSU-jiM diseases peculiar to your
jLp'^p'yiTyFffi | sex. our Specialist* offer
Js^mubmEw you their services. Xo
*y^^T» - »'l»*-y'^t. matter how a^Kraraterl
J rV*Jfc&*IV?1 1 vour condition, we have
* H-*--tiii'HjJ I no known failures.
$ je^effi^urjji CONSUMPTION AND
«j£iflCWMK«*T CANCER no longer *.
1j?\4'mYi *S*U dread disease. We are
fr>j[W"'j'Hr rT> " the only X-Ray experts
i.-m ii i ¦ on the coast and under
T m^ m^^r m this, the latest and most
scientific treatment, we
have cured hundreds or cases.
THE GERMAN PHYSICIANS
Late From Europe.
(019 MARKET ST. X-Ray Experts.
Professional Advice Free.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Travelers from every portion of tbe
globe show their appreciation of th«
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting San
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment on tha American and European
plans.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE, IN V1G0RA-
•tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organ* for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. AX.FS * BRUXE. Arenta,
£23 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DDTTCUT7C FOR barbers, bak.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners'
dyers, flounnllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, ita.
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS,
Brush Manufacturers. 6O9 Sacramento St
>g^DEWEY,STRONG &C0.^g»W
£ jpATENTSr!)
\£i>33Q MARKET ST. S.F.SSS^
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Eftabllsbed over a third of a century: has a
not tonal reputation, aad waa on« of U>» fan*
•chools selected to represent tb» dervlopmeat
of commercial education at tha Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17. COO graduates tuccessfolly apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 xradnates annual I /
placed In poaitlona; ?j teachers; open tha eatir*
year; n*w go-page catalo«u« fre«.
STJARY'SCOLLEGE
01KUN0, ML
STUDIES will be resumed WEDNESDAT,
Aucust 1st. 13<X).
BRO. ERMIXOLP. President.
Hitchcock School,
6A?« RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms, Orraaaxtoia. unitary DrtU.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS ATJOTT8T 14TH.
REV. C HITCHCOCK. Principal
Miss Dead's School, Berkeley.
Boardlne aad Day School for Girls— IS3S Chaa-
nlng way. Berkeley. CaL Pleasant home life*
larse garden, gyanauivm; accretUted to Unlrcr.
*ity of California. Stanford University. Vassar
and Smith College*. Prospectus seat on applica-
tion. Term ODeoa August (. 1900.
ST. MATTHEW'S "tt.
SAN 3IATEO. CAL. For catalog-as and Illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. B.. Rector.
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPIXJMAS AND CONFERS S£.
rreea; seminary coarse accredited to th»
Universities; rare opportunities offered In music,
art aad elocution. Write for catalogue ts HRB.
C T. MILLS. Prcs.. Mills College P. O.. Cal!
Thirty fifth year: fall urn opens Aut. S. ISM.
MISS M, G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
SOS Montgomery at.. San I*ranclaco. CaJ.
Jjtamona personally aad bymalL AcknowledcM
by official reporters "best teachers, best system. *
NEWSPAPER SaSa^ke
ninstratlon. PARTINGTO>rs resumes Anrpst
1. Day and r.ltrht classes. Apply R. I* PART-
iyOTON'. 424 Pine St.. S. F.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCH0OK
for the university, law and medical col-
leges: references. President Jordan or aay
Stanford professor. Pbelan bulldlzur.
' IRVINO INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladlea. 3151
California, rt.. -will reapen AotuM C 1900. Ac-
credited to the Universities: primary department
for children: carrlaja will call. REV. ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. it.. Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
ISO Jackson St.. San Francisco. Boarding; and
Day School for Girls. Accredited to tho Univer-
sity of California. Lcland Stanford Jr. Unlv«r«
slty. Vassar and Smith Coltece*.
SARAH D. HAMLIN'. Prtneipav.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
Sao Franciaco. Catlfarnta.
STUDIES WHi. BE RESUMED MO!JDAT.
Aug-uet I. 1)00. Dolores st. sear Sixteenth.
AftDEKSOn ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy. Alameda. ham
been removed to Irvlnston. Slt« o£ flrtaaa
acres: remarkably beautiful: elimats uasur-
pcased. Inspection of building* and rrousdj la«
Ylted. W. W. AXPSRSON. Principal.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
|OQO MARKET ST.— Aetna! business book-
1«OO keeptsc; only expert accoontuts
and reporters as teachers. Gref < ihorthaad.
tea easiest, fastest and moat readable. Day
and evening.
POLYTECHNIC ggt^Ec! 8
Great Business Training and Shorthand School.
Has tb« larrest and best equipped depts. ln th«
'West. 300 young men and women wanted. Kvery
rraduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland. Cal.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
Menlo Park. Cal. Superior advantages for the
care and . training of boys and young men.
Charming surroundings, perfect climate. T«a'.i
year begins August I. Send for catalogue.
IRA Q. HOITT. Ph. P.. Prtnclgal
WbbHy CaD $1.00 jerYear
#_____ HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
a - §
We must make room for our new fail stock. Hundreds of odd Dressers, g
g Rockers. Parlor Pieces, Tables, L ace Curtains, Rugs and Made-Up. Carpet Rugs g
g will be ciosed out at prices that will surprise you, As our stock is the largest §
in the city it means a good selection and money saving for our customers. ©
I ODD DRESSING CASES. LACE CURTAILS. MADE-UP CARPET RUGS |
© jtffb*^ Solid Oak One. two and three pair n _._ g x6 f eet q
© //^>VS. Drerser-with rK;*ran*71 I^t5--some tHehtly «>iled- $^*^jT^TO£St"'Ej£ *5.73 up a
s )^^oi l3 . 75 m -•„ ,: : _ i^gfpii rug §
j?/~lt W*r fresh stock, which we wish t$* r .Tgg&& ifc$ S
O r* *" _^ -^-gij hosany Dre»sei ¦ B/jf « w Ozrtains at. rer ralr.Pl.OO A §& IV^Sk UUI b UIII<3 ©
f. 1 cm. -»!th swell j %\\i, I4.A0 Curtains at. per palr.§l. 75 «1j F?V C*^ . A 1 «Sff} _ Q
,'1 *-* ** , front top . i_»£i ;- . 6jrtaliw at. per pair.#2.50 OT r^T ,'^tJ je,"t«--« ! Smyrna Rugs JJ
O 1. — _- __J drawers. I JW^ rijjn Curtains at. per i^ir..<3.75 J X : «ffl ~W &S&$J*3t 12x9 feet O
i» = ¦ French plate £.«* 5. > Curtains at. rer r air..<4.73 'i N^^^>LwS*t'l'^'^ 91S.5O 9
O '« S*. i^r h ' P Smyrna Ru eB O
% ,1^- —^ =a rrice - .K^jS^i^S^^ra 10 - 6x i-L!75 t 2
q 7 \{ r*%t r;nk in A ***ny effects. Will be closed out Smyrna Rugs. 9 X 6 f eet .. * o Qrt tt
X {/ U' /l avJW at J2.50. S3.S3 and ?:.»:¦ per pair. * S.UO J*
O 9 b Body Brussels. 12x0 feet.. "ton
8 PARinR fiirmitiirf drapery stuffs. **»—*«*„« :::::;,:„ 2
© rHI\LUI\ rUI\i\l IUI\L. B! ff Barca.r.s in Drapery Materials. ,. DDlCC iljn mnil nri»o 2
g ,*m> £,.,n%«^^ sssa ssa M & ¦ -" ! oc RASS AND IR0N BEDS - 2
2 ne /^ %"= ' ° T 1118 ! » the haadsoniest 2
£ £52&?r?t v>*?3 Se IQ'75 « «1.OO enamel and brass bed we ®
O 3T»V>.'V <l ii*A>>w"'«'J irice.... 1 *^ Sararies of all kir.ds of Praperj- and Fur- TT^ 2>tA have X.
O Vg£&2t3fc^ \znr£ € fcandsomf Parlor nHure Pturs. in various s!z^. suitable for Hh^ Qfff ©
« /%!£•'» i>^* tC-l^i. w d-'-s T:"h^l«terea ciiair teats, pillow ani furniture coverings I I r Til II ever A
O fek^SSS^ ?™f*r.ibLcK I -^le price 15c. Sc. 75c and $1.00 each. *?'£*< been 3
! mm! gSS | PARLOR ROCKERS. |™fl^ £ |
| DINING CHAIRS, Pii *v^«^ ™ |
® XtvS^Svi — har.i polished. constructed, ln all colors— |^ f\{\ •
O G"-ie" Oak Sir'rg Chair, cin» I 25 /C3£ife. r-^S^I f"me of them up- sale price | J Z* Ut ' ©
« l*^-* W=f t^E-^3l fcolstered seats, ¦ *" *>
A \\ ilirVn ,1^ tO ~- Enameled Beds, with 1-lnch post ®
8 G r^.. 2s= ,^...^....3^ E...4^ i'H,3.^: ra^.. 6^? §
g G:!iea Quarter Oak Sifiebotrf.')') 50 I^^^S'Sp!? Enacle1^ B «^. with Ui-lnch poet, bowed %
• fc-%-'C^i?^v'4 l>lAllli\Uo. Price *-» Enameled Beds, with Ui-lnch post, bowed •
O BiVw-if^rt extension foot, with very hand- f^lTSL ®
O vKSSfJT&^SS Vlr l^r Ifir ' P!\!F THIFFflNJIFR^ e T e Bcro11 *""•¦ tor ln a11 I "I* 73 ©
S fey? '£*$&? \Jm\* UC AVl I Il\L LnirrUiilLI\O» colors-worth ?19T5-sale price. ¦*-* q
O /&? -J&J Bin A Birch Mahopar.j- Finished An All-Brasa Bed of the best make. 1U- ©
C /fi^'vff IAP Chiffonier. with French^^» Cfl i nch ?2!t bowed extension *-* (\f\ ©
Lf%.i&'l J^i p; s «f worth «n.0O-sale J /»3U tocu with the best lacquer-^K-UU •
'{ titC^J* PIIPC pnee £**m worth J33.00— sale price +m\J Q
fivV^-A KUl7O« Eolid quarter »awed Oak nln . An Tiraif-O 2
© a-^ v^A -, j_ Chiffonier. fu!l double swell PARIOR TARIFF •
q X_y,-Vp T feet ler.e by J^, t : large drawers and^/^ (\(\ r.il\LVI\ ErtULLO. Q
O >M U\ 15 < -«t wide. cib:r :n f / rcn '; h r ,L la i e »»f-^>jf« UU SO odd Parlor Tables, oak and M <J - ©
O 'Tp J?&»& "3 f\€\ P0C * U ' '~~ F ' mahogany finish, worth $6.00 £\_. £O A
**. \L^"' CU ~ J»\J\J —sale price ¦ gt.
O _, ., o • n t - Librar>' Tables, oak and /^ Cf| ©
Q QinFROARn^ lhat Money-baving BOOK mahogany finish, worth 112.00 Q tJW ©
G C8.W O-Mea Oak BWeboarf* fSSJ'.O | fllir MOW PqII f! ?! t #5 1 ft 0* 1 1 P 2S M ah °e*n>- Parlor Tables-a very pretty ©
© jK.'-O Ocliea Otk sriPhoard «WMW UUI llCn 1011 UGiaiUEUG oval top. h-md-carved lees of £()() Q
©' J100.09 ABtiOM Oak Sideboard $00.00 I ° j French desipn. highly polished. tK/yj X
GoMen Oak Extension T £ b!e.*ll'.75 SOW READY! worlh sale price *-* W
© !"..<•¦ Antique- r. 3k Kxtcasion Tab!e.#1T..->O V wl _. _ _ •
O S4 '.••• Antique Oak IJxtenslcn Tab:e.#2."5.«M» ! „, " _¦" .. ,„... n _ m _,,-j c.».i 50 Mahogany Finish Parlor m 25 O
r i <-hi-a eio«-t f , !.v n calc $is.o<l | Write for It— Will Be Mailed preel Table*, polished finish. I4-!nch #<fc^ Z
q jr.- •¦¦ Ch:=a Cl aeet, antique calc....$17.5O '-?¦ -f I top. worth ?6.00-sale price g
1 16th and Mission. Mission and 16th. f
O 9
CC&0Q6C0GGGae000060036*5fre0Q$CQ09G9©©Q©0e©Q©0«63©©©9Q®GQ90©©©©0®©$0G
Some people ' wonder why I \
there is such a gathering at I
Will & Finck's every Monday L
morning. The explanation is
easy— more and more people
are getting into the habit of t< .
reading our Sunday announce-
ments.
Stationery. Crockery and Glassware.
A week from Monday school be- ' CT> h » v * received ceveral n«w patterns
(Ton; ,-n \r\r\\r tliic lict r\v*T ln 0D * a *tock dinner ware; also a new
gans, so look tms list o%er rlaln wMw e our new \ MUxTA aad
carefully. Ket our extremely low prices.
•*" •? tablets ««. Decorated mush seta, from 25« na to
All 7c tablets Sc $l 75
1\\ 2^ udims::::::::::::::::::::::::::::^ iX^t^F*™™^**** plates
We are headquarters for imit. cut Kiass'bVrry bowls. » «yies.Ro«j
SoHool Suppl.es. Eg^SSft S&fe^Z^S
siaies, Straps, school bags, draw- A full line of white china for decorating
ing sets, drawing and COmoOSl- rurpoaes. Bring jour painted china to us
tion books. for Cring -
JEWELRY,
Jn h . 08^,r atches that * v erybody has been selllnt for 95c and guaranteed fir
• c«ir # now . ¦••••••«¦¦¦«»«.,».,,.,... ••••¦•••» w "* «¦»
RI.NGS.
14 "^™°v^ fllIed narr0W band ' pIaI £ , or "" K - »o!«-fllled wide band, plain or
Ladles' and children's gold mounted. 75c H-K. gents' goid-'flfled seal... '.7.7. fltoo
Chain Purses at Cost.
SIDE COMBS.
R^in a ~r™. 8h f n - f T y tor * 2?° Pompadour, platn 25c and 5Oc
Rhinestone, large size 75c Pompadour. Rhinestones.. .. 75c "iad *1
G? , : :
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
Mall Orders Solicited.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Tire Explodes.
CHICAGO, July 21.— The war automobile
which left Chicago yesterday for "Wash
ington is now at Highland, Ind., waiting
for a new tire. One of the tires exploded
shoitly after leaving: South Chicago and
Kto entire expedition went (into camp on
the roadside, waiting for the new tire.
The trip will be resumed Monday morn
ing. )
Young Hen's Institute.
The following local councils of the
Toung Men's Institute have elected offi
cers for the current term. The list gives
the names of the president and 'secretary
of each council:-
Mission Council— Charles G. Wiley, president;
D. J. Monahan, secretary. San Francisco
Council— Silas A. White, president; George 11.
Kelly, secretary. Loyola Council — Charles
Cummings, president: AV. P. Cleary. secretary.
Golden Gate Council — Louis F. Guldet. presi
dent; Charles Healy, eeci-etary. Ignatian
Council— J. K. Cosgrave, president: T. A. Mc-
Cormlck, secretary. Cathedral Council— W. E.
Dorn. president: J. J. Clifford, secretary. Phil
Sheridan Council — H. A. Gallagher, president:
M. D. Keardon, secretary. Fotrero Council —
Edward O'Donnell, president; James A. Strain,
secretary. Cooper Council— James Rodney, pres
ident; L. T. Rlordan, secretary. Strossmeyer
Council — John Cresalia. president; M. T. Cresa
lla. secretary- Portola Council — R. H. Caha
lan, president; T>. T. Powers, secretary.
steamship companies, and they have cer
tainly succeeded In reaping a rich har
vest, and more to come when the return
trip comes. A great many of the people
who came hero are practically broke, and
will have to be taken out by the Govern
ment before winter sets in, and I think
that steps should be taken right away to
inform the authorities at Washington of
the true state of affairs, In order that the
people here may have a chance to get
out before the Ice closes In. Among the
gold seekers who came in here are a large
number of women and children, and the
women are almost to a unit terribly dis
gusted with the place and Its prospects.
/The women look funny enough with
their short dresses and rubber boots. They
all look short and dumpy, as if they were
sawed off and hammered down, especially
those of considerable avoirdupois. The
main street of the town Is covered with
sand and is as dirty, dusty and disagree
able as It possibly can be, and is so nar
row that when the teams are hauling It
is almost impossible to pass along. The
sidewalks are from three to five feet In
width and are built on any old grade to
suit the whim of the owner. You strike
one place right on the ground, and the
next about two or three feet high, so it is
not very pleasant traveling. But they are
always Jammed with people going in and
out of the saloons, so you have to taks
the street If you wish to make any pro
gress. You can't walk along the beach on
account of the vast amount of freight
which is piled up and which Is constantly
being added to by the arrival of the sail
ing- fleets.
Large fleets of sailing vessels are arriv
ing daily with lumber, and the price has
dropped from $250 per thousand (when we
landed) to $70 and $S0 per thousand, aiid
there is lots, of it. It will probably De
cheaper In a short while.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON, July 2L— A miner named
William Buddell died' here" to-day of
smallpox, being the second case resulting:
fatally.* The guards have been withdrawn
from all residences and the horse patrol
Increased to seven.
It is cloudy and some rain fell this
afternoon, giving rise to much alarm since
It Is- conceded that the mild- form of the
disease Is largely due to the very warm
weather.
Second Fatality in Jackson Since the
Outbreak of the Disease.
Befuses to Permit Them to Obtain a
Statement From E. N. Mitchell,
Who Was Recently Shot.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES, July 21.— Although El
mer N. Mitchell, who was shot through
the back a week ago by C. C. Filley for
undue attention to his wife, lies on a hos
pital cot In a precarious condition, threat
ened with pneumonia and the ravages of
an abscess that Is forming where the bul
let-lodged, the detective and Police De
partment have been unable to enter the
room of the victim and obtain a state
ment that would prove of service In case
of his death. The Nemesis that Is thwart
ing the efforts of the officers is Dr. Re
becca Lee Doreey. who, with a corps of
assistants, removed the lead from his ab
domen. •
"It Is not Captain Bradlsh's province or
In his. power to rebuke me or call me t»
account.
"I say that Captain Bradish ' and the
whole police outfit shall not enter the
room until I give permission. They have
not seen" Mr.' Mitchell. I am the guardian
of his health and his life.- I am the friend
of his family. As his physician, I say his
room shall not be Invaded by the police
as long as their visitation would endan
ger his life." "\
That Is the rock that the police Inquiry
has encountered.- .
Captain Bradish, Chief of Detectives, Is
in anything but a cheerful mood. So far
Tilley has not been apprehended, nor have
steps been taken to cause his arrest. The
assailant is to-day at Redondo with his
wife, who was with Mitchell on the night
her .Irate husband emptied his revolver at
the alleged fleeing despoiler of his home.
Dr -Doreey states that she has secured a
statement from Mitchell. This document
has been examined by the District At
torney, who says It is worthless as evi
dence, as It does not directly connect TIN
ley with the shooting. ! It- Is believed that
Dr Dorsey.-aaa friend. Is aiding both
families In an attempt, to hush the mat
ter, up. .. ¦ --
DIED OF SMAIiIJ*OX.
POLICE THWARTED BY
A WOMAN PHYSICIAN
Good Morning.
This will be the greeting . to every one
who will come to set a. pair of men's calf
shoes- for $1 25 at the assignee sale of
shoe*. 776 Market street, near Fourtlj. •
SEA SITRPENT FOTJND.
"Was Washed Up on the Beach Near
Point Eeyes Lighthouse.
SAX RAFAEL. July 21.— The real thing
in the pea serpent line was found on the
beach near Point Reyes lighthouse this
morning. An employee while patroling
the beach came across It high on the sand
¦where It was stranded after being washed
The animal was 7 feet long and 20 inches
In circumference in the thickest part of
the body. It had two large horns which
protruded from the large head, large
teeth and massive jaws. It was alive
when found. It was killed with stones
er.d taken to the lighthouse and will be
, preserved. '
SCENE ON THE NOME BEACH ON JULY 1.
My advice to air Californians who are
at all inflicted with the Nome fever is tm
stay at home, and they will all be much
better off. It looks to me as If the whole
scheme of advertising the beach diggings
so extensively was worked up by the
Advice to Californians.
Prospectors are now scattering out In all
directions, the land having thawed out.
and reports of rich finds are being looked
for every day. Of course all the country
is staked, restaked, jumped and relocated
again, and it makes things bad, but if rich
strikes are made a large number of men
will be able to obtain work. 1 went up
Dry Creek last week for a distance of five
miles, and the stakes on the corner of
each claim looked like a row of ninepins.
On one claim I counted ten different
names. No assessment work has been
done, and as they have until January next
In which to do It, nothing can be done
with them until that time in the way of
relocating. Every claim is for sale, or
they want you to prospect It for half.
Some people here hold an interest in as
high as one hundred claims. But I think
that when this false boom Is over and
about half the people now here have re
turned home things will regulate them
selves and that probably In the next two
or three years this place will be all right.
I would certainly not advise anybody to
come here to get wcrk or engage In busl
ress of any kind, as it Is all badly over
done at present.
Some development work is being done
on the tundra claims, but so far nothing
has been found to pay. There are thou
sands <9t acres of this tundra, stretching
from the Sering Sea to the mountains,
and If it should turn out that there is gold
in paying quantities In it this camp will
bo the greatest mining camp in the world.
Of course it is going to be expensive to
work, and only rich companies can handle
the proposition, but If they do strike it
there would not be enough men here to do
the work.
Tundra May Turn Oat Rich.
every position to be filled, and as that i»
about all the work that is being done in
town, you can Imagine the condition of
things. When we first arrived at Nome
the population did not exceed 4000 at the
outside. It now .has a population of
at least 22,000, and things, of course,
are naturally in a very unsettled state.
People are leaving on every steamer
nearly as fast as others are
taking their places, so the population
stays about the same. Smallpox was
brought in by the steamer Oregon, and
there are now eleven cases reported to the
officials, who have established a pest
house on the sandsplt between the Snake
River and Bering Sea. So far there has
only been one death, but a great many
people are getting away from here as fast
as they can on account of the dangerous
and loathsome disease. Typhoid fever
Is also rampant, there being about thirty
five cases. There is also reported to.be
about two hundred cases of pneumonia.
As there is no sewer system or sanitary
regulations of any kind, 1 think that this
camp will be a terrible place this summer.
The city Is now under military law,
and the officers are doing all they can
for the welfare and health of the people,
but under existing conditions cannot ac
complish much good.
So far as the beach is concerned I should
call It a flat failure. There is no doubt
in the world but that a large amount of
gold was taken from there last fall and
during the early spring, but there Is no
more to be had in paying quantities. The
beach has been thoroughly prospected
for a distance of fifty miles each side of
Nome, and with the exception of a small
strip near a place called Topkuk no pay
has been found. At the latter place three
men took out $36,000 in about three weeks,
but the spot was small and soon played
out. Of course there was a stampede
there and people are still going down,
only to return wiser but sadder men. Hun
dreds of thousands of dollars' worth of
engines and pumps are still on the beach,
where they have been unloaded, and have
not yet been set up. And it is the very
best machinery that could be purchased.
So much for the much-heralded rich
beach diggings at Nome.
There are at least 10,000 Idle men here
at present, and of course the air Is full
of "hard luck" stories. Plenty of build-
Ing, hauling and longshorlng Is going on,
but there are at least twenty men for
Little Gold on the Beach.
Now, as far as the diggings on the beach
are concerned there is nothing In it ex
cept to those who are working sluicing
outfits, as they work the entire beach
down to bedrock, good, bad and Indiffer
ent, tailings and all. But a great many' of
these are not making enough to pay the
men their wages ($6 per day and board)
and are being shut down one after the
other. The plants In operation extend
from, the Nome River on the east to the
Penny River on the west, a distance of
twelve miles, and are all the way from
a hundred yards to half a mile apart
and embrace every kind of a machine
known.
Special Correspondenoa of The Call.
-• -r OME, July 1. — I havo now been
|\ I here five weeks and have probably
I V a different idea of the future pros-
I \ pects of Alaska than a vast major
¦*~ " ity of the people here. The main
reason that the people think this country
is no good Is because of their disappoint
ment In the beach diggings. Fully 50 per
cent of those coming here expected to go
to work on the beach immediately upon
their arrival and at least to make good
wages. Now the fact is that the beach
has been worked out. or nearly so. In
rare instances some man strikes a rich
spot and takes out about $20 to $25 per
day, but there are hundreds at work on
the beach who do not make more than
$2 50 to $3 per day, and as it, costs that
much to live here become quickly discour
aged and quit work, only to have their
places taken by "cheechakas" (newcom
ers), who come In on later boats. The
beach right in front of our tent has been
torn up at least five or elx times since
we have been here, each newcomer from
the different vessels digging over the same
spots and the tide leveling it off again a
short time after.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 21.— There
was a serious fight at Stevenson, where
the Fraser River canneries are located,
during last night between special pollce
inen and striking fishermen. Two boats
were out fishing under the protection of
two patrol tugs with special police on
board. Eighty strikers followed In small
boats, attacked the patrol tugs and en
paged In a hand-to-hand fight with the
officers. No one was armed, or there
would have been several fatalities. The
police were vastly outnumbered by the
fishermen, who vlimbed aboard the tugs
and administered a severe beating to the
police. The white men who had been
Tishing under police protection were taken
ashore bv the strikers and paraded
through the streets with placards at
tached to their backs denouncing them as
ecabs.
Forty-seven canneries on Fraser River
will close down for the season, the dead
lock between canners and fishermen be
ing as far from settlement as ever.
The fishermen have finally rejected the
<>ffer of the canners to pay 18 cents per
fish etraipht .through the season, Irre
rpective of the magnitude of the salmon
run or of fluctuations In prices. Upon
thi? decision being made known to the
canners inis morning the managers of two
of the largest canneries issued orders
closing down their establishments forth
¦wi'Ji for the entire season. The remain
ing forty-five tanneries will be closed
< n .own oil Mondav rather than pay the
price of £5 cents demanded by the fisher
men, which it is claimed would entail a
loss to oanners of $300,000. By the closing
(inwn of "these canneries the sum of
52 000.000 disbursed annually as wages will
l»«» withheld from the fishermen and other
employes of the canners.
Will Follow Their Exam
ple, at Once,
Two of the Largest Canneries Hava
Already Closed Down and Others
Serious Outcome of Strike
Along the Fraser
River.
POLICE PATROL
BOATS ATTACKED
BY FISHERMEN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. CAMP
O'RYAN. 8ANTA CRUZ. July 21.— The
cadets fittingly celebrated their last night
In ¦ camp this evening. The company
streets were illuminated with gay-colored
lanterns, flags and bunting and presented
a pretty appearance. Hed flre and fire
works were used to add to the general
effect. Each company presented an en
tertainment which was greatly enjoyed
by the many visitors who filled the camp.
At headquarters Colonel Power and his
staff entertained friends with an excellent
programme. Achllle Artigues played
some of his original compositions on the
piano; Sam Yale rendered rag-time selec
tions; Ed Moore sang some negro melo
dies; "Brick" Thompson recited; Major
Deasy sang some ballads; "Will Curley and
Joe Smith did some graceful cakewalk
ing; Steve Douglas played the violin; Ser
geant Parker sang, and other numbers
were rendered by the versatile members
of the regiment.
At the close of the entertainment
"rough house" was the order of the night.
The corporal of the guard and his assist
ants were kept busy chasing from one
end of the camp to the other to restore
quiet. Tents were lowered on sleeping oc
cupants, water was thrown on cadets who
sought' Plumber, their faces were black
ened, and everything that could be done
that would make the life of some one
miserable was tried with every degree of
success. Within an hour after taps the
guardhouse was so filled that the prison
ers were cramped for room. The fun was
fast and furious and will be remembered
for all times.
Members of Company H and the bugle
corps went on a bus ride to Capitola yes
terday. Comedians Quinn and Itellly went
along and furnished entertainment for the
pleasure seekers. When the crowd reach
ed Capitola the band was on the beach
rendering concert music The temptation
to have some fun with the musicians was
too great to be overlooked. Quinn and
Reilly bought a quantity of limes and dis
tributed them among the cadets. They
then filed over to the band stand and b*
gan sucking their lemons. This move had
a funnj- effect on the players. First the
cornet soloist became nervous. His lips
began to twitch as if he were partaking
of the lemon, and he gave up playing:
the slide trombone manipulator slowed up
materially in his work, and within a few
minutes the band, with the exception of
the snare and bass drum artist, gave up
playing. The effect of limes on them was
too great and the crowd was cheated out
of Its dally concert. -- " '-•
Company N defeated Company L at
baseball yesterday by a score of 15 to 14.
The cadets played good ball and the game
was replete in features. J. L. Flynn and
E. Hallahan acted as opposing pitchers
and did splendid work In the box. They
received excellent support from their
teams. A. J. Butler played a fine game
on the Initial bag for Company N. The
teams lined up as follows:
Company N. Position. Company L..
J 1*. Flynn Pitcher E. Hallahan
C. Sc&nlan Catcher E. Hubber
A. J Butler First base J. Thllgen
H. J Leonard Second base Q. Measher
T. McGovenx Third base ...C. GafTney
A. Adamlna BhortEtop P. Crowley
T. Lawlor Rlghtfield T. Mclntyre
K. Fitzslmmone .Center M. MathewFon
J. Cavanaugh Left W. Joyce
Corporal F. Koch of Company B. having
exhausted his supply of paper and money,
was compelled to write a letter home on
a soiled cuff.
Lieutenant Colonel O'Nell of the First
California Regiment arrived In camp this
afternoon and was greatly pleased with
the discipline of the camp. He- spoke In
high terms of the military bearing of the
cadets and congratulated Colonel Power
on the excellence of his command.
Major- Morrisey and Captain Sullivan,
the Burgeon and assistant surgeon of the
regiment, are glad to report that the camp
has been free from sickness. They have
had occasion to dress minor bruises and
sprains, t>ut nothing of a serious nature
has been encountered by them, for which
they are duly thankful.
Captain Kennedy was officer of the day
and Lieutenant Adams officer of the
puard. "Truthful Jeems" McCormick, the
poet laureate of Company D, did guard
duty under these efficient officers and
whiled away his tedious watch composing
an ode to an ear of corn.
Joe .Merrill.- the color sergeant of the
regiment, won a silver medal offered by
Colonel Power by defeating Joe Kennedy,
"Brick" Thompson and Joe Rowan In a
F«1mmlnR race yesterday afternoon. The
four contestants swam around the raft,
and Merrill proved too strong for his riv
als and won out handily.
Members of Company H, After En
joying a Bus Bide, Break Up
the Afternoon Concert on
the Beach.
After Taps Were Sounded
''Rough House" Became j
the Order.
LAST NIGHT
IN CAMP O'RYAH
A MERRY ONE
BY GEORGE E. SHAW.
Town Is Crowded With Penniless Men Eager to
Work but Unable to Obtain Employment at Liv
ing Wages and Much Misery Already Exists.
OVER-ADVERTISED NOME BEACH
NOW COMPLETELY WORKED OUT
SUPERVISORS
ARE INSPECTING
LAKE TAHOE
May Secure From It a Water
Supply for San
. Francisco.
Citizens of Reno Present Them "With
a Memorial in Which It Is Al
leged That the Water Cannot
Be Inverted From Nevada.
TALLAC, July 21.— Preliminary Investi
gation to the ultimate acquirement of a
water supply for San Francisco was
begun this morning, when members of the
Board of Supervisors and other Interested
parties arrived here under the guidance
of Charles Wesley Reed, chairman of the
Supervisors' committee on public utili
ties. The party Included Supervisor
Booth, Boxton. Connor, Curtis. DwyerJ
Helm. Jennings, McCarthy and Ree.V.
Commissioners Mendell, Mason and Ma
puire of the Board of Public Works. Chief
Engineer Grunsky and C. I* Dohrmann o*
the Lake Tahoe and San Francisco Water
Works. They were Joined at Oakland by
Kelton Taylor, a member of the Oakland
Council. When the party reached Truckee
a committee of Reno citizens presented
a resolution adopted by the water and
ditch owners on Truckee River. In which
It was claimed no part of that river coulj
be legally diverted from Nevada. A stop
was made at Tahoe City to Inspect the
Von Schmidt dam. The steamer Meteor
conveyed the party around Lake Tahoe
and Emerald Bay.
Supervisor Reed In discussing the matter
said: "We find Lake Tahoe to be a great
reservoir of living water of superb purity.
One otoot on the surface of Lake Tahoe
will supply San Francisco with 26.000,000
gallons of water daily for five years. Last
year the lake was raised a foot and a half.
The foot and a half raise of Lake Tahoo
during the last year would supply Saa
Francisco for seven years.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SKELETONS OF
GIANT MAMMALS
ARE UNEARTHED
Boat Containing Five Persons Drifts
From th« Mouth of the Yukon
and All Are Probably
Lost.
Unexpected Finds Made by
Miners on the Little
Minook.
/ — • —
VICTORIA. D. C, July 21.— The steamer
Bristol arrived from St. Michael to-day
after a puaeage of nine and a half days.
The paauengera report new discoveries In
Tunitna. On Urcak Creek claims are giv
ing from 26 to i0 cents to the pan. A
stampede to th« dlifglnga Is expected.
On LJttlo Mlnook. what Is thought to be
a big bon*»ya.r«l of mammalian has been
found. Tuaku weighing twenty pounds
and over ten feet long and teeth weighing
ten pounds havo been found. Also what
art* thought to be the skull* of aurochs,
big tJkulla with horns twenty feet long and
measuring two fetst across. On nearly
«very clulm on the creek some parts of
»keltton» havo been found.
On June 15 a cave-In of tha bank of the
Yukon burled a boafu crew which Is be
llwved to number from three to five. Three
wero discovered, but none have been lden-
OnJune 20 a boat containing five per
eons drifted out to sea from the mouth
of the Yukon and all are believed to have
been loat. Four bodies of miners have
been picked up on the Yukon nats.
A son of C. JD. Lane Is reported to have
been shot at Nome In a claim-Jumping
Passengers report over a hundred. If not
more, cases of smallpox at Nome. The
steamers Discovery. Utopia and Morning
Star are quarantined at St. Michael.
Captain Mclntyre heard a report at St.
Michael that the steamer Charles Nelson
had been driven ashore on the Siberian
coast by Ice and is believed to be a
wreck.
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, . SUS.DAY,. JULT 22. 1900.
28
. ?¦".- . . sa nn ¦¦
Every member of our staff has made a lifelong study of
all weakness and diseases of men. Our remedies arc
the purest, best and most effective, but never harmful.
Our methods and appliances have no equal, our institu-
tion is the largest and our practice the most extensive.
"^gtaT 7*^~$ Our Bank Deposit Guarantee,
i^^^^Sr''*^A Ixt TSfc \ ,V Patients may df pnslt th* price of a cur*
ESS* W <B a p in any Sa^ Francisco bank, to b» paid only
£g* .J r-^^M f j after they are w»ll, cr may pay In monthly
JirSn -4^*1 lnsta11^^ cure
"^1%#P^W^/^" f^^b : Private Diseases Lost Manhood
**N5t3 ft^ M ! Varicocelc Nervous Debility
sk»«>* 1 •"* ]y \ Hy droce ' c Wasting Weakness
i "^>^ i s^yS^^* S^_ ' Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness
&F$§lt>' "^fi/ ,li.*& /z*^Vst\. £ Kidnev Diseases Blood Poison
Wjjff gUSHfc* jgrfc/P^I Spine Diseases Rupture
*; We can cure you at home. Although it is preferable
' : to. see. the patient in many instances." it is not always i
necessary. If you cannot call, write for private book. ]
diagnosis sheets, free advice, prices, etc. Curea sent
by mail or express free from observation.
Consultation and Advice Free at Cffice or by Mail.
DRs mhltKb & UUM "wl San Francisco.
Elevator Entrance* Hours, 8 to s daily; evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to n.
visit OR. JORDAN'S great
iHUSEUH OF ANATOMY
a Cft i2Zivi.T.zir: act*. catra, sT.ca.
\ Hr TheLarrestAcxtomlcilMaseaaiintlie
A -JjlV.. Wopd. We»in~yM or tnt contracted
W 8s£5£*S di*e»»e p«^ltJ»rly evrodhy the oldest
0 tP ?jl bpeamlt* en the- Com. Ealjtyoan-
A fl§|?| DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
\ »(fST)in Cosralttnon trcn ind $trv-r>T pririte.
A I XbU* M Tn insent pcraonall|r or bjr letter. A
W ¦ Tn H J*a*Mvt Cur* is every cut undertakes.
Am If lltt WmtfmB«.l.PBiLOkurav*l
«| I ThambUSC, u*ileo mua. (A
a a |L' »«»>>* w « book<0flar "'
9 BE. J«nDAX4«'O.. 1051 Market St.,8. F.
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP" S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowere. Positively cures the
worrt cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood. lmpotency. Lost
• Power. Nipht Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, L'nlltnesg to Mar-
ry LoESiOf S*men. fmm Varlcocele or Con-
etlratlon. Stops ne f^ KM rvous Twitching
of Eyelids- ESeets j!wiwTr« ar * Immediate.
Impart vlpor and *' c '» ' » potency to every
function. Don't get despondent ; a cure is at
hand. Restores unall. undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: 60c a
bex: 6 for CMbr mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded -with 6 boxes. Circulars
?ree Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
Ft.. Ban Francisco. Cal., GRANT DRUG CO..
28 and 40 Third 6t.
Weekly Call, $1 .per Year
KEW WESTERN tiOTEU
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS-Rt
modeled and renovated. KINO. WAlUi ••
CO. European plan. Rooms. aOc to Jl ioVJ--
%i to JS week: JS to J20 month. Free batns-7> :
and cold water every room: flr« crates la « vdr/
.room; elevator runs all nlzht.
STATEMENT
fyn* THE *
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
WILHELMA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. GERMANT. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1S99. and fot
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurar ce Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank, furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up In
Cash $730,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 655.S06 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 8.5S1.050 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 221.070 97
Cash in Company's Office 22.405 S7
Cash in Banks - •- 5wl35 80
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ;¦-•••• 61S
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
Bills receivabie, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 8.740 70
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance 845,379 60
Total Assets $10,895.30132
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 137.577 3
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, i ; re-
surance 100 per cent S2.940 12
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Rlg j t9> j ; re-lnsurance 50 per
cent •¦ « 79.363 79
Liability under other Branches 9.453.464 20
Cash dividends remaining unpaid....- 397 SO
Due for re-lnsurance 9.460 59
Total Liabilities J3.669.203 43
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums J533.772 03
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 334.912 27
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 44,233 43
Received from all other sources 2.193.127 40
Total Income J3.112.U0 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Marine Losses
(including .losses of previous
years) J401.193 0«
Dividends to Stockholders 107.5OO Oj
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 83.934 83
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 24,093 28
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 1878 95
All other payments and expenditure! 1,419.561 30
Total Expenditures J2.044.96S 42
Marine Losses Incurred during the -¦"
year H70.1S7 03
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .
written during the
year $230,267,827 $643,486 M
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 228,:60.410 609.44649.
Net amount In force
December M. 1899 1.243.598 112.303 91-
TH. DAMMANN. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me./this May
day of 7th. 1900. EMIL ALY. Notarjl Public.
CUTTE & FRANK,
, GENERAL- AGENTS, '
303 CALIFORNIA ! STREET,
SAN 'FRANCISCO. CAU ~ .,
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY Y
OF MAGDEBURG. GERMANT. OM TH3
31st day of December. A. D. 1S39. and for
the year endinsr on that dav. as made to th» In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant tn the provisions of sections CO
and €11 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash rSO.00000
Real Estate owned by Company 537.144 SO
Loans on Bonds and Mnrtuages 1,144,253 S3
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.S49.B3 .13
Cash in Company's Office 8.S61 H
Cash in Banks J0O.G5 40
Interest due and accrued en ail
Stocks and Loans « 453 Ti
Premiums In due Course of Collection M4.0O7 Q
Due from other Companies for Re-In-
surance 8CO73 £0
Total Assets J4.S67.SS* 13
LUBILITTEg.
Losses la process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $SSXC30 U
Gross Dremlunm on Flr» Risks run-
ning one year or less, % — — ; re-in-
eurance 50 per cent 1.633.J13 3
Gross premiums on Flro Risks run-
ning more than on« year. S — ¦ ;
re-insurance pro rata JSLl"? !0
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 1.CS7 ii
All other demands against the Com-
pany 134.788 9"
Total Liabilities ~ J2.S6S.S0S S3
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premium! 1 M.C02.S03 C
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 47,431 8;
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from l v
all other sources 74.TUX
Received from all other sources S7.5S3 „•"
Total Income M.1S2.3PC M
EXPENDITURES.
Xet amount raid for Fire Losses (ln-
clufltnjf $fifil.:3l 91 leases of previous
tyears) J3.9CS.46: H
Dividends to Stockholders St2,3<V> !
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage" 7M.307 :•:•
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charces for officers, clerks, etc 209.TT1 ¦¦
FalJ for State. National and Local
taiw \ ¦ %S.m >
All other payments and expenditures 213.53* -
Total Expenditures .;¦???¦. $4.S33.3i2 ¦
H. VATKE. President.
RUDOLF BERNDT. Vice President.
Subscribed and »worn to before me. thi3 '•'¦
day of April. 1900.
GEOROE H. XrrRPHT.
V. S. Vice. Consul at Magdeburg
GUTTE&FRANK.Managers
'Pacific Coast Department,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVESTISEJEENTS.
N^&^Swfe CLASS N
|l||i|p 0RDER I
|j -r^j made to order at & jB
I] $17.50 SACK SUITS C|15 ZA |
U reduced to <Pl«l.3U |
I $20 S4CK SUITS C1C Eft I
reduced to «J)13.3U M
Pf $39 DRESSY SUITS **r a a I
H reduced to g
I $8 PANTS *, ftn I
tis reduced to «PU«vU B
§| Bnperlor workmanship, perfect H
g| £t end catlefactlon guaranteed. rf
I JOE POHEIM, I
N The Tailor. N
N 1110-1112 Market St. U
p 201-203 Montgomery St. M
CJ E*fy<>w AV vsrWten^ §1^^. B3 firJ
Zi R|^ wT^WB BbT P MsBsk^^Vsnl
JCm ' Ur|£j9 stfsBflV «X. JfS WzJ FTbi^^bBB Tnfa
Qp>X B^>U BB7^B^MffiQP^*^Bs9^BRj9£L~_BBk BBB3
PMH n^ EsQ BsBEB E^fl '- ' \JbB r ' BBsV .
O3©a3BeB©BaH©!BO«©B©a©E»tSQBOK«B©HeB©aOH9B«B«H#Ii«ii«H©aea©B«B#H«H©l«E«»
6 ••¦¦ ' ¦ - * 5
1 1 that !i jurt what will be said of you when you regain your manhood. Ob, you can g-et back your lost manhood. Here Q
18 is-fl. remedy that does the work. It 1b a fifty-cent remedy, but It Is a rood one. MORMON BISHOP PILLS cures
!j twisted, knotted ecrotal veins, curea varlcocele, curea hydrocele, watery formation In ¦crotnm. MORMON BISHOP S
jj PILL»S cure drains. seflpa*es. drippings, restore* the lost memory. It U too bad but too true that hundred* of men 5
1 1 have br over-lndulerencea, abuse, cigarette smoking-, excesses, etc., mute themselves weak and puny. Now they suffer g
0 from "mental and physical drains; yet, many ore nervous, suiter from loat or partly loat maabood, evil drains, unnatu- 0
B ral losses, losses that sap and drain and exhaust Are you such man? Art you ready for a cure? If you are, get ¦
• tbewe' MORMON BISHOP PILI^S. •
¦a _ • -¦. . ¦ ¦-¦;.:- -"'-", v, •'--.^ ¦ pa
{& P^SSSISagSffi^ffl^^j^ DIz2ln»jwi, loss of memory, lacK of 5?
9 f^ygffisii^.^g^*^ L"t^ivi?ilL?l£ t jrill < ' nc '*--.i 3 i t ,^. r i 1 , n , g iMf, 1 ,
"' 1111 &ll K|§l|ftu3 s ) iff/ J3^^fey^£ GIB 9 uaran teed to cure §
• gGall "^^» £$' ''''^y&i'^^'-^'^y/'^nT^D^'^^'i^x ''HmI on U by Weakness "s cured by MORMON O
Sfrarti * . a \ T. <£=&T " Mini Weakness in back,' weakness in a
ti\3M Vl/MA-rCftP\f£R AM/fi Wt " T lSf-» A O«Mw.<C^.. BBSM limbs, tremblings. twItehlriFS. are cured Z
*\ P&S«%. "tnAToOC * C**l**m C ru,..^..>An<>ia SSSSS by MORMON BISHOP PILLS. Night JE
m m2S3 OOWETM— OO $H Alt fp ALSO REAP SB losses, day drains, sleeplessness, par- •
H E*S£S " I tial or complete lmpotency, lost vital ¦
© ia&xnflmmm*3mmmmmmMmBKtmmtmmm^——mmmm.~m^m~~m—**mmmtKm^i€** Si manhood, poor circulation are cured 9
Bi fr7mrtJllIiffffi*"* B W by MORMON BISHOP PILLS. Q
B P 81^ ™ ™ "^^™ 1 ¦¦^^ m^ mmmmmm^ ¦¦¦"i'i''^^' MORMON BISHOP PILLS can be pj
a . _ _ _ ¦ a had for fifty cents (50c) per box, 6 a
m Effl \ f* r^-*+4- **, «* boxes $2.50. Get them. Write for free Z
S .111 I - L /CnT - book, free circular, useful testimonials, g
• .--...W^ -, VVI1 U«7 \ • ¦ KnV .Write .- ¦¦¦¦-• ¦ •
B % : ;. . * UUA BISHOP REMEDY CO., B
• I — | '¦'. _ ' ;• I '¦¦ . i i ¦ >• >* 46 Ellis Bt- t San Franclaco, CaL ••
S For Sate by GRANT DRUG COMPANY, 38 and 40 Third Street, 2Beat His Wife.
"William Nyberg. a saloon-keeper at
Steuart and Howard Btreets, administered
a severe beating to his wife Jn his place
of business last night and was charged,
with battery at the Harbor police station
by Sergeant Cook and Officer . Sylvester.
The Nybertrs have had frequent quarrels.
Firemen in the Parade.
The Board of Fire Commisslonars met
yesterday morning and adopted recom
mendations of the Chief Engineer for ad
ditional hydrants in the Excelsior Home
stead district and surrounding country
He was Instructed to consult with tha
Spring Valley Water Company as to
main extensions.
A letter from J. V. Costello. grand mar
shal of the Native Sons' parade, asking
that the Fire Department "b« made one
of its special features, was read and the
matter referred to the Chief Engineer and
Commissioner Grady.
• Awards on the bids for forage will ba
made Tuesday and on the two fire engines
next Saturday. J. T. Canavan resigned
as bydrantman.
Yorke Council Installs.
The Installation of the newly elected of
ficers of Torke Council, Y. M. I., was held
last Friday evening at their headquarters,
Pioneer Hall. The officers are: Past presi
dent. William M. Gill; president. Charles
D. O'Connor; first vice president. T. J.
Doherty; second vice president. D. Aheam;
recording and corresponding secretary. J.
H. £>olan; financial secretary, Joseph
Mungenast; executive committee— M. Mc-
Dormott. J. Flanagan and willlam
Geraghty; treasurer. William J. Walsh:
inside sentinel. S. McOure; outside sen
«nel. J. J. Rilpy; medical examiner. Dr.
Joseph F Douglass; delegates to Grand
Council. M. McDermotl and H. McXesby.
President C. D. O'Connor appointed
James Barry, .1. V. Doherty. T. J. Horan
J. A. Dolan anrl R. M. Duffy a committee
to prepare a complimentary social for the
members and their friends, to be held on
the evening of August 3 at Pioneer Hall.
Come to Attenu High Jinks.
Joseph D. Redding and S. Stelnhart of
Xew York have arrived in San Francisco
nnd lost no time in saluting the owl at the
Bohemian Club. They .will attend the
midsummer high jinks In the redwood
forest. C« ;
Bald Eagles' Picnic.
. The Bald Eagles, an association com
posed exclusively of members of Bald
Eagle Tribe of the Improved Order of Red
Men, will hold its annual picnic at San
Lorenzo Grove to-day. The event will be
under the direction of Thomas Roche. M.
T. Alliman. F. \V. Kewell. E. T. Johnson.
J. Brenjord. J. Anderson, L. H. Enemark.
\V. W. Williamson. M. J. Magulre and H.
H. Dilger.
Captain Reddy Is Better.
- Captain Ed. Reduy, superintendent of
the Almshouse, who had a slight attack
of apoplexy Friday night, was very much
improved yesterday. He rested easy dur
ing the day and. there is every hope that
the attack was only temporary. Captain
Reddy has a host of friends, not only in
San Francisco but all over the State, who
will be glad to know that he ls not seri
ously 111.
FINE NECKLACE STOLEN.
Mrs. Potter Palmer Offered a Reward
of $500 ior Return of Jewels.
PARIS, July 2L— Mrs. Potter Palmer of
Chicago, one of the members of the United
States Commission to the Paris 'Exposi
tion, to-day advertises a reward of J500 for
Information leading to the return of a
necklace valued at $17,000, which is miss
ing. The necklace is composed of emer
alds, diamonds and! other jewels, among
the emeralds" being one of the finest
specimens extant and the size of a
pigeon's esrg. It is not known whether
the necklace was lost or stolen, but it is
believed that it was stolen, as it was
missed by Mrs. Palmer after entering the
Palace Elysee Hotel from her carriage.
GEORGE J. KOBE, on* of the most
widely known members of the Ma
sonic fraternity of California,
passed away at his home. 1G33 Hyde
rtr<?"t. at 5:30 o'clock last night after hav
ing suffered for some lime from an attack
cf uueumonla.
Mr. Hob<» was a pioneer In the State. He
came to this city in the early '50's and
shortly after his arrival engaged in the
THE LATE GEORGE J. HOBE.
retail business, being senior partner of
the firm of Hobe & Weihe, at the north
east corner of Washington and Dupont
ptreets. then the populous business cen
ter. He was one of the early members
of Monumental Engine Company No. 6
of the volunteer fire department, and In
1SS5 and I*fi6 he was a member of the
Board of School Directors.
Many years ago Mr. Hobe retired from
business and devoted all his time to the
Masonic fraternity, being chosen secre
tary of a number of the different branches
of the order. He was also secretary of
the Masonic Cemetery Association. He
took all the degrees in Masonry, from the
blue lodge to the highest, and was
prominent in the Order of the Eastern
Star.
Mr. Hobe was born in Hamburg. Ger
many, and lacked but a few dajs of being
•o years old. He leaves a widow, son and
daughter and a large circle of friends.
He was held in high esteem in the fra
ternity. In which hf was such a prominent
member and was looked upon as an^uthor
lty on Masonic history in California.
BODIES OF MISSES DUNN
AND DOWNING FOUND
Remains cf John McGrath Are Still
at the Bottom of Monterey
Bay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WATSONVILLE, July Zl.-Late la«t
night the body of Miss Lottie Downing,
one of the unfortunate victims drowjien
at Camp Goodall. was ¦washed ashore
about one mile from the scene of the
drowning. This ornoon at about 5
o'clock the bo».. Miss Mamie Dunn
came ashore. Tlie watchers on the beach
are anxiously waiting for the body of
John McGrath to be washed ashore.
Mis3 Downing'3 funeral takes place here
to-morrow and the remains of Miss Dunn
will be sent to San Francisco for Inter
ment.
Dr. Rodgers. Deputy Coroner, held an
Inquest on the body of Miss Downing.
Mrs. Downing, mother of Charlotte, is
prostrated over the loss of her daughter.
John McGrath. the young man who lost
his life while trying to save others, was
a student of Santa Clara College, and
would have graduated for the priesthood
next month. His father wai present and
witnessed the sad accident, but being
elderly and afflicted with rheumatism
could render no assistance.
Miss Dunn was a niece of the McGraths
and came to Camp Goodall the night be
fore -
HIT BY STRAY BTTT.T.F.TS.
Two Women Injured During Rioting
in St. Louis Strike.
ST. LOUIS. July 21.— Two explosions
which damaged Transit Company cars
and one disturbance, in which a woman
was wounded by a stray bullet, occurred
to-night.
A car of the Southwestern division was
blown up on South Seventh street. An
other car of the Broadway line waa blown
up on South Broadway and the front
trucks were demolished.
Mrs. Annie Kolleter was struck by a
bullet in a bombardment of a Choteau
avenue car, sustaining a slight flesh
wound.
Fre« Transportation for Laborers
Offered if Thsy Will Go to
the Islands.
SAX JUAN", Porto Rico. July 21— Lieu
tenant Alexander of Oakland. Cal., who 13
reported to be interested in Hawaiian
plantations, and W. I. Armstrong of Hon
olulu, are here representing the Planters"
Association of Hawaii, investigating the
labor question. These gentlemen say thaC
5000 Porto Ricans are wanted in ILiwaii.
and offer free transportation for laborers
and their families on a three years' con
tract, agreeing to furnish houses, schools
and medical attention, at C3 per month
the first year and after that at $15 and $17.
The agents believe Porto Ricansare adapt
ed to the work and represent that the cli
mate and habits of life in the islands are
similar. Conservative authorities, consid
ering the overpopulation of this Island.
th»-. destitution of the people and the diffi
culty of procuring work, are favorable to
the plan if the agents can be shown to be
reliable. It is reported that Governor Al
len has Indorsed the scheme at Washing
ton.
Foolrellers Sued.
sp*<'i«l uispatcn tj i ne van.
SAN* RAFAEL. July Zl.—A suit was
commenced to-day in the Superior Court
by Walter CaHsh*>r against Adolph Sylva.
John Creed. Joe Harvey and Harry Gor
man for -the sum of SoO.000. The damages
are alleged to be due for Imprisonment
Inflicted on Calisher in Sausalito. Calisher
was accused of oopying the odda posted
on the blackboard of the Sausalito pool
sellers. He was arrested anrl charged
with the offense, but w^s released b«?fora
trial. To-day CaSsher commenced suit in
the Superior Court and the poolsellers'
rights will be »letermined In the near
future.
Will Issue Bonds.
TUBA CITY. July 21.— At an election
held In this place to-day the people voted
to issue S13.C0Q worth of bonds to build a
new school house. The bond Question was
carried almost unanimously. '
SEEK PORTO RICANS FOR
HAWAIIAN PLANTATIONS
Southern Pacific Contempt Matter
Before Judge Bahrs Stayed by a
Writ of Prohibition."
The Supreme Court has Issued a writ
of prohibition to restrain Superior Judge
Bahrs from taking up the contempt of
court proceedings against ' the • Southern
P&ciflc Railroad Company, and Its officers
• to-morrow. A -week or so -ago Judge
Bafcrs, in. the case of the Railroad Com
missioners against the Southern Pacific,
rendered judgment prohibiting the rail
road pe<ip£> from violating an order of the
Kailroad Commission. By this order the
transportation- company was forbidden
from maintaining passenger rates to
Fresno at $5 90. :
Some time afro the rate between these
points was reduced in order to quash
competition and the new rate was made
at $3 75. The law forbids railroad com
panies from increasing rates for passage
without the consent *of the State's of
ficials. When the Southern Pacific con
cluded to return to the old rate of J5 SW
it did not ask the permission or consent
of the Commissioners and In an action
brought by the commission Judge Bahrs
reached the conclusion already set forth —
that the Southern Pacific must. obey the
orders of the commission.
This had no effect, for the company
continued to charge the old rate of $5 W
and upon this fact betnsr brought to the
attention of the Superior Court H. E.
Huntlngton, T. H. Goodman and J. C.
Stubbs were cited for contempt of court
and the hearing of the matter was set for
to-morrow.
In the meantime the Southern Pacific
had perfected its appeal to the Supreme
Court from the judgment rendered by
Judge Bahrs and yesterday J. E. Koulds,
representing the railroad, In his peltion
for a writ of prohibition took the posi
tion that while an appeal from a judgment
is undecided by the nigher court the Judge
of the court from which the appeal Is
being taken has no power to hear con
tempt proceedings growing out of the
judgment appealed from. The granting
of the temporary writ will prevent the
case from being heard to-morrow, as th«
case In the Supreme Court will not be
heard until August 6 at 2 p. m.
FRESNO RATE CASE
IN SUPREME COURT
THE comlnjr revival of "Wycherley-
Garrick-Daly's comedy of "The
Country Girl" at the Alcazar
Theater has called forth an abso
lutely unique effort in the domain of press
agency, a distillation of pure joy. It Is
too good to pass by and is here given In
full:
The character of Peggy, cn« of charming
recklessness of innocence, ls Just suited to
Florence Roberts' style of acting. Miss Rob
erts has made the character a deep study and
she will exemplify the charms of the new
school of natural acting accentuated by an in
tuitive knowledge of that abandon to the part
portrayed which seems to mark all that we
know or read of the old school. Her appear
ance In bey's clothes may- be taken as the
first exemplification of that strajige. delightful
thing that Shakespeare called "coddling." a
scmething wholly Indeterminate in our time.
The delicious wantonness of her limbs, which
are as lawless as boneless innocence can make
them, will give a ceaseless flutter to the play.
Miss Roberts* support. White Whittiesey. has
played an entire season with Ada Rehan in the
leading role and his aptitude to the character
will furnish the effervescent^ to the>^ chjun
ever revived and which Will be masr.iScently,
scenicallj and costumely clothed without lim
itation of expense by the Alcazar management.
"Boneless Innocence!" One has heard
of the Kay sardine which is edited lnto>
bonelessness, of the native tamale which;
la born that way. f the fraudulent her
ring which neve. rrives. but. lar..1 of
love! "boneless innocence." Of course the
question occurs, have they been extracted
for the occasion, the offending tibia* ami
things, or have we had a boneless wonder
in our mldn for months and never known
It? Or is this up-to-date innocer.cy a ne^w
kind of nether tjarment. out-titrhtin?
tights in its "delicious wantonness?" Or.
is it simply a metaphorical expre**ion or
the Invertebrate quality of the charming
Pecsy'a little mlml? thoush In the latter
case, what for the "ceaselesa flutter
through the play" that la promised and
prophesied? v.'e give It up, unt!l Monday
evening, when not all the principalities
and powers shall hinder ua from looking
upon that new thins under th« sun — &
"Boneless Innocencp."
Presidio Notes.
The- first consignment of the- largo
amount of tentage necessary In the estab
lishing of the new military camp arrived
at the Presidio yesterday and was placed
in the hands of Sergeant Myrick for dis
tribution. Tho Eighteenth Infantry. no w
at the Presidio, arrived there almost des
titute of clothing and suffered consider
ably owing to the great contrast between,
the chilly winds of the Presidio and trop
ical Manila. They were supplied as rap
idly as possible with complete outfits of
heavy clothing. The troops under orders
to China must go fully equipped with
clothing fit for either there or the Philip
pines, and in consequence the stock at the
Presidio la entirely inadequate. Requisi
tions are being forwarded every day for
clothing to supply the deficiency.
The following order was issued yester
day by the Department of California:
Forty-six recruits of the First Cavalry now
at the Presidio and seventeen men of the Ho«
pital Corps from Fort McDowell, ui^der charge
of First Lieutenant Raymond S. Knslow.
Eleventh Cavalry. U. S. V.. have been ordered
to proceed on the train leaving this city on
the 24th inst.. to Seattle to join the First Cav
"'r/e. Crawford, a native of Indiana. 5i years
of age. died at the General Hosplta yesterday.
He contracted malaria in the Philippines ani
never fully recovered, heart failure finally
causing his death.
Ordnance Sergeant J. Schneur and forty men
are engaged In erecting two twelve-inch dis
appearing suns at Gravelly Beach, near Fort
T>-eive ratlents were discharged from the
General Hospital yesterday and restored to
dU The remains of Private John' F. Owens were
buried at the Presidio yesterday. The body
was escorted to the grave by a detail of nine
men and the Third Artillery Band.
Officers in the Philippines.
The following orders concerning the
movements of officers have been issued
by Major General MacArthur. command-
Ing the Department of the Philippines:
First Lieutenant Louis R. Burges*. fifth
U S Artillery. Is ordered to proceed to Nuev*
Caceres. province of Camarlnes Sur. Luzon,
and report for duty to Brigadier GeneraWames
M. Bell. U. S. V., for appointment and duty
"Fire'^Ue^enant Kaolin L. Whitsen Thir
tieth Infantry. U. S. V., and Second Lleuteu-
Int wmiom C. Tremaine. Thirty-fifth Infan
tn\ U.S V.. are assigned to duty In the cus
tom house at Manila.
The following- named medical officers and act
ing assistant Burgeons are assigned as follows:
Department of Northern Luzon— Flnst Lieuten
ant George A Skinner, assistant surgeon L.
S A and James V. May. Edmund D. Short
rldne'and John L. Shepard. acting assistant
-urpeons U S A. Department of Southern
Luzon-First Lieutenant Benjamin J^ Ed .Ser.
assi-tant surgeon V. S. A., and Frank R.
Maura and Albert U Miller, acting assistant
su^eons V. S. A. Department of Mindanao
and Jolo— Major Frederick J. Combe, surgeon
C Major Francl3 L. Payson. paymaster U. S.
A and Major Joseph F. Wllkins, additional
na'yma-ter U. B. V.. are assigned to duty In the
Department of Northern Luson.
Ij-utenant Carl R. Darnall. assistant surgeon
U. g A and Paul T. Dessez. acting assistant
surgeon U S. A., will report to the command
ing officers of the hospital ship Relief and the
Second Reserve Hospital, Manila, respectively,
Colonel Stephen P. Jocelyn, Twen-"
tv-flfth U S. Infantry. Is assigned to special
duty in the adjutant general's office at these
headquarters.
Captain Ralph Ingalls, assistant commissary
of subsistence, will report to the depot com
missary as bis assistant.
First Lieutenant Mervyn C. Buckey. Third U.
S Artillery, will proceed to Legaspl. province
of Albay. Luzon, for duty with Battery G of
that reziment.
Major Matthew A. Batsen, Philippine Caval
ry, Is nrdfr-tt to Macabebe, Philippine islands.
to' assume command of the squadron of Philip
pine cavalry, relieving Lieutenant Colonel Wil
ber E. Wilder, Foity-third Infantry, U. S. V.;
who will proceed to Manila and report to the
division commander for further instructions.
First Lieutenant Laonard S. Goddard. Forty
seventh Infantry, U. £. V.. la appointed cap-"
tain of the port and inspector of customs at
Lecasipi. P. I., vice First Lieutenant Samuel
Riggs, Forty-seventh Infantry. U. S. V. ¦ ¦
. Augustus A. Montague is appointed Auxiliary
Judge of First Instance for the province of Ma-
Captain Theodora B.'Hecker, assistant com
missary of eubslstence. V. S. V., Is relieved
as chief commissary. Department of Northern
Luicn. and will- proceed to Zamboango. Min
danao, for doty a* chief commissary and depot
commissary at Zamboango, relieving Captain
Albert D. Nlskern. commissary of subsistence.
Bequisitibn for Large Lot Forwarded
» Yesterday — Movements of Offi
cers in the Philippines.
Presidio Notes.
Not Sufficient Clothing on
Hand to Outfit Men
Now Here.
MORE SUPPLIES
NECESSARY FOR
THE TROOPS
DENTER, July 21. — The executive coun
cil of the American Federation of Labor
to-day issued an appeal to all wage work
ers to organize and federate. It says:
Throughout our country a struggle ls raging
between the oppressor and the oppressed, tha
possessors of wealth and the laborers; concen
tration of industry and wealth ls the order of
the day. Everywhere the workers must suffer
disastrous results unless they organize and fed
erate to protect and promote their mutual in
terests.
In this combination and concentration of
wealth the possessors permit no sectional or
State lines to interfere with their power, and it
therefore behooves the tollers, the wealth-pro
ducer*, to unite and federate regardless
whether they are located. East. West. North
or South. Irrespective of sex, politics, color or
relijTion. The hope of the workers, the prayer
of all our people for justice and rlpht and th»
perpetuation of republican Institutions lies in
organized labor.
Recognizing these essential truths the exec
utive council of the American Federation of
Labor appeals to all wageworkers of whatever
trade or calling to organize unions where such
do not now exist, to Join those already organ
ized, to form unions and International unions
of their respective trades and callings and 10
affiliate In one common bond of labor upon the
broad platform and under the proud banner ol
the American Federation of Labor.
In calling upon the workers to unite and fed
erate we aim to do no one wrong but to estab
lish Justice for all.
American Federation of Labor De
clares That Money "Witt Win
Unless the Proposed Plan
Is Followed.
Urged to Combine to Pro
tect Themselves Against
Capitalists.
APPEAL ISSUED
TO WORKINGMEN
TO ORGANIZE
PROMINENT MASON HAS
GONE TO ETERNAL REST
U. S. A., who will proceed to Manila as chief
commissary of the latter department.
The Island of Kasilan, Department of Min
danao and Jolo, is transferred to the admin
istrative and tactical control of the commander
!n chief of the United s?tate? naval forces en
the Asiatic etaticm. The commanding general
of the Department of Mindanao and Jolo haj
(•sued the necessary orders for the withdrawal
from that territory of all United States troops.
Rlcharrl W. Your.jr, Associate JuHtlce of the
Supreme Court, is appointed president of the
criminal branch or that court, vice Kaymunde
Mellza y Angele, resigned.
"BONELESS INNOCENCE" OF
FLORENCE ROBERTS' LIMBS
THE SA1S FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, JULY: 22, 1900.
29
DR. T. A. SANDEN, 6 O'Farrell Street, San Francisco, Cal.
TRADE MARK
10 Third St. San Francisco.
B. KATCBINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO?
OFFICE HOURS-Daily, 9 to 6.
Sunday, 10 to 1.
Hen and women who from any
cause have lost strength and vitality
and who are threatened with an early
breakdown of health, are invited to
investigate the merit3 of this univer-
sally successful
METHOD OF TREATMENT.
Drugs, stomach-wracking, nerve-
destroying, vitality-sapping drugs,
are superseded. ELECTBICITY is the
vital principle and you should not
give up hope until you have tried it.
During 1899 upwards of 8000 suf-
ferers -from rheumatism, -sciatica,
gout, kidney, bladder and liver trou-
bles, nervous debility, paralysis and
general weakness, voluntarily testi-
Dr. Sanden ElectricBelt
(PATENTED),
worn according to directions and un-
der my treatment had absolutely
cursd' them." This is evidence which
cannot be disputed and is convincing
proof "of my ability to cure you-
Mv Free Book Jells All About It.
Or Call and See Me,
You Remember
Glcry Qusyle In "The Christian?"
Of course ycu do. Her name was
And that Is th? r.aTie of a
PiNCRtE - MADE BOOT FOR
WOMEN, which ycu'll say be-
fore AND AFTER buying: Is ths
rr.cst you ever got for
$3-50
Cf in all your life.
We Are [ vclusive Agents
n San francisco.
ByjjjMf t^\**'^^Ctt^5m* y^sB^
>w^^ff^ A mk m M^^BB — J Si — — JflM _ B g3 B§BJ^y^ggfl^^^Sg^^ Prices That You Will Ntttr Get Them for Again.
YOU Get Your Money's Worth at Rosenberg's! [W^ .^ Ladies 9 Japanese Sacques.
" ~~ — " IfeF / $$i4^^»\\\\r wl mJ ™ I — ¦« K?a " J[ I \ rat Ra ~4aK-™f """sk, A -yMSSP^^Ka Made of the finest Japanese silk, lined with quilted silk. They corr.e
M best linen and twilled covert cloth, appliqued or braid trim- e * f if if frjfe? (j h f j fiA 'NS^^^^ I H $6-5° tor them. It will be your lo?3 if you fail to i, „ . ... . -
oSer:--; them .^ 9Sc S S\h tVtvVv/wl rffijTre^fJ^TPyi^* 1 'J. lim' . n "' v ' I A* ' C If % J* r
F\ I -4" 9 Ct-»° ¦*¦ \\f * 4- » a V$i/^^^^*!jf SpW §11 ft- -a \ J Ik Jl B F £A S % x«l vS&^nlBaBlBBwB shapes: any height, from the highest to the low- ~£X&pL iC r^*' j,
L,Ai 1 $U them that ls not W3rth double the prt:e W8 ask 7 L or A Word About Our Corset DepM^^i^^^ Children's Corset Wasst. and g iav C e C nde S r. s MateVi? a!one\-?^™Lst*>iu 5S' StS^t The" mak-
'/Y them This week^s selMnj price 7oc If the corset docs not fit there is a small chance of your - Made of the best coutil; well sewed, perfect fit- ing - Our marked-down price 29c
Sa>e at 0 Farrel,- Street Entrance. dress fitting. Get your corset here and profit by the advice &k ting. It is cut so as to give the requisite full- and still anotmem
An item from OUR o f our expert corset people. We fit your corset free of £>*M ness over the hips without seam or gores. Each I Pnjpc lCh\f\f*C*Ti I AU'n I I nrior C; V i **t C:
knittoH llnrlortl/aar Floret charge. M*%k size cut on a 'special pattern. The buttons sewed LC1Uiea U1U1 CU LdW » UnUer*>Klrt5>.
milLLdl UIIUci YVCul LfCp 1. Ladies' Slimmer Cor SPtS iAM\R\ on witl1 ta P e - w!lich renders their beinc pulled Made of the best imported colored lawn; colors in pink and blue: fin-
CHILDREN'S VESTS— High neck, long sleeves, made of the .. . ' " " V '. VI o^*" Jt . - ilTOaji out an impossibility. jshed with three small ruffles and trimmed with narrow Valenciennes
best Peruvian cotton, Swiss ribbed, summer weight; color ecru an-J • • ;N . lade oi the best imported nettinc; all y^_ __A0r W<j p , ace Qn saJe th j s — ek thfi S i ff sbee or la . cc - When yO u see them you will be surprised that we sell them «.->
grev. Wholesaler's price was ?3.oo per dozen: our quick selling price • $S SUeS ' *\ in " h . e d with lace tops. \Ve sell Ferris Waist, 25c. chca P- Our loss your K ain OSc
...*. eachlSc yj > as we advertise. Beat this -price it you \ > ¦ We SELL AS WE ADVERTISE!
A Story of More Than Passing Interest To Enry Buyer of | U^Sri 'kT\'t\"~'" LadieS* WPSDperS. S nr I API th AT Rplfc
Hnc ;" Vo P A.Rs for It s True— A Dollar Made of the best qualitv pcrcale> -^"tripes and fibred sample une or Leatner »e!tS.
llU^iCry. THE PRICE Or ONE. CorSet for 49C. effects, trimmed with ruffles and braid; full length, extra f "^. no two a! ik?. Hade ef the very bss! leatlHr, annnsr
We will place en sale ta-morrow 265 dozen Ladles' Tan Hose, made of eS^SJ 1 . Made of the ben imported colored )V idth - a11 sizes. We challenge you to purchase the same ar- f^/^__^s^ which are camd and plain effects, with matal anJ
.he finest yarn, double heels and toes, fu I length, soft and pllabla. Just tin batiste. °n pink or blS P chcckcd effect. tide anywhere under $1.50. Our unheard ot price 98c l5athep coyered bocWeSiW8ll sewed; th3 kInd mt
bfi» for this season cf the year. They equal any 50c hose in durability and Just the corset for your dainty garments. Double s:de If you are looking for shel i com b s or pins at extremely 1 -^ will wear: colors— tan. blue, green, black, white tnd
3t This is the best targaln we have ever offered I9c steels; rust proof front steels, lace tops; newest shapes. JuK' ~ . low pric es we have them. \ red. Everybody wants ths most th 2 y can get for their
\%t i »/ -« selling..... 4jc m&&fr&vly . ¦% . - money, and here Is where ycu can get It 9c
Wash Veils. New 20th Century Military Corset. llfjf Side Combs. F h *rl n t \ iLv
r 7t>- FrnnnrnVdl Wnmpn R*»ad This Made of the best imported sateen; double side steels: rust- '' In amber and tortoise-shell. They are LfTlUrOluer y UepaP tflien \* *^^
rtf^'f economical omen neau mis. proof front steels, embroidered tops; comes in pink. blue. i^sssa- — -=*$\ smooth and will not tear your hair. In After stocktaking we find we have mar.v REM- &&1\
,JS5&-^ 895 WASH VEILS, made Of tte finest Imported wash white and black. Made m the new shapes. This corset will *%SfSw the newest designs. Quick sale and XANTS of EMBROIDERY and INSERTION: some SgnSL^
H?^^5i retting, ccme In dotted and plain mesh, embroidered bor gjve you the lon K desired military crectness and will not WMtW» small profit. Price 10c slightly soiled, others mussed. All widths and lengths. aSS^S
ri.^Vi^.--'^<*\ ' clu ' 61 V/UUO ' WU4l - J " 1U v BI " '""-"i »-"""«• discomfort you m wearing. You cannot get a better cor- -i«r e cannot itemize them- there are loo manv different /i^Ue^M
&^m s s rr^brwe'^^err w^ ll^l^p|S^||^ii ; SSlMiSIP ,
J.» 1-/V (Sale takes place O'Farrell street entrance.) Made of the best shell; the kind that will keep the stray . re P a y > ou > our troubic j ,
mail ordbrb BOL/c/TEo. {^ at L i tt , e Pr i ces _lhaf S What Makes ]^^^M^MMM^^!?^^^ MA ' L °*° g * S "«°""* rL * riLLZo.
JOE ROSENBERG, i^ii^^^SI^^S^^ sheii Hairpms. JOE ROSENBERG,
V^ J - W n^^Ulll^UnVJ) J^^^^^.^^^^^^^n^^^g^ The good kind, made of Itnlian shell, smooth and well fin- '
816 Market Street, stockinet Ehieide, th* good quality a pair sc ished; plain or crinkled. There are four on a card, at the ex- c*io marKet street,
Book rir.s. black ana white, best American make ><* »,«^,,«K. 1^,., n .:«a • o ,,.j Q» n. mn i n _ t L,.,.,L ?_ ti oTarrall ef..«t
Running through to 11 O'Farrell Street. Hair brushes, good bristles, sellins now for 2"5c trcmely low price a card »c Running through toll O Farrell Stroet.Butler Hill's Bicycle.
Z. Imhof, 2S20 San Bruno road, a block
from the end of the car line, called upon
Captain Seymour yesterday and told him
that George P. Hill, the butler who stole
the "Crocker diamonds and has not been
heard of since, left his bicycle with him
on the night of May 6, when he disap
peared with the diamonds. Imhof said he
had been advertising for the owner to re
turn for it, arid It was only Friday that
he was informed it belonged to Hill. He
wanted to deliver the bicycle up to the po
lice, and was told to bring f lt to the prop
erty clerk's office. • •
ANOTHER EXCURSION
TO LAKE TAHOE
$10 Bate.
"Will Be. Given Next Saturday at tlie
There Is' to be another $10 excursion to
Lake Tahoe on Saturday, July 28, on pre
cisely the same conditions as the one
given last night-that Is, leave the bay
cities on the 6 o'clock train Saturday
evening, spend all day Sunday on and
about the lake and return on the 11:45
a. m. train Monday. Sleeper both ways la
Included in the price of the ticket.
Nowhere In the world Is so much that Is
truly grand, instructive, pleasurable and
beneficial to be had at such sriiall cost.
MASTERLY INACTIVITY
IN THE NATIONAL GUARD
But Little Doing at This Time.
Chang-es Announced in the
Fifth Infantry.
There appears to be at this time in the
National Guard of California a degree of
what Is designated as "masterly Inactiv
ity." There is but very little doing, and
nothing in the line of placing the guard
on a footing to be ready for a call should
there be a demand in case of trouble in
the Orient.
The First Regiment of Infantry is in a
condition which shows that there is not
that interest in the ranks that there was
in that organization before the Spanish-
American war. The naval militia is not
as enthusiastic as it was, and it is re
portod that four of the prominent officers
of the contingent in this city are ready
to throw up their commissions. Reports
from the' south are not of a very encour
aging character, and taken altogether,
the guard is, as a prominent member said
yesterday, "in pretty bad shape."
Fourteen men have been discharged
from the service of the State from the
Fifth Infantry— live at expiration of term
of service, six on account of removal and
three for the good of the service. - _
The following changes in the Fifth In
fantry are announced:
Sergeant Ray C. De Yoe. Company B. to be
battalion sergeant major; Private Charles Pay
son Riggs to be battalion sergeant major.
Company B— Sergeant Leonard M. Farrel to be
first sergeant: Corporals I>ouls F. Farns worth.
Samuel P. Hatcher, Frank K. Gilnr&n to be
sergeants. Company K— Sergeant Roger P.
Smith to be first sergeant: Private Harry F.
Moodey to be eergeant. Company I— Private
Ross P. Davis to be first sergeant: Private
Dennis Bernal to be company quartermaster
sergeant; Private Mark Sanderson to be musi
cian; Privates E. A. Gerst, M. Schoeufeld, A,
M. Hupers, J. R. Hunter to be sergeants; Pri
vates B." K. Carroll. J. F. Johnson, G. \V. Mc-
Iver, Edward Stewart, William Rees, Bodo A.
Wallmann to be corporals. : -.",
handicap to the Summerland producers.
About half the plants In the field are shut
down because they cannot deliver the oik
Tliere are 830 producing wells In the city
of Los Angeles. This is an increase of
nearly 200 wells since December 31. 1809.
A new field about San Pedro will be ex
ploited.
A pipeline from the Los Angeles field to
San Pedro Is projected. Two lines already
reach San Pedro, one from Newhall and
one from TVhittier and Fullerton.
To Lecture on Socialism.
Arthur R. Andre, general secretary of
the Bottlers' Union, will lecture In the
Turk-street Temple to-night at 8 o'clock
on "Socialism in America."
"I was drunk," said Kate yesterday,
when she tried to explain away the burg
lary charge booked against her. "I went
into Mrs. Yorke's home on Chester street,
There is nothing of the bad, bold burg
lar about Kate. Hers is just a case of
liquor and jealousy— a sort of melodra
matic romance in ordinary life.
THE case of Kate de Costa, charged
with burglary by Mrs. Nellie Yorke,
H came up in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday morning and by common con
sent went over till Tuesday.
Eonds Are Insufficient.
The bonds for COOO accepted for the re
lease of Masfyi Miyakawa. the Japanese
charged with extortion, were examined
by Judpre Conlan yesterday morning. The
Judge did not consider them sufficient and
Ifs'j* -d a bench warrant for Miyakawa's
arre.-t. The Judce learned that after
was released Friday he went |
ptraig:ht fr<".m the City Hall to the office I
of Frank Kane, secretary of the Peclfic
Coast Society for the Suppression of Vice.
Developments are looked for when Miya
i...u.i is broujrht into court. I
and when I was there some little while
my divorced husband, Henry de Costa,
rang the bell and I went to the door. He
asked me if Mrs. Yorke was in, and this
so maddened me that I slammed the dooi
In his face and then went into her pantry
and helped myself to her stores, things
I believed De Costa had bought for her
and which he really should have been
providing for me. And that is all there is
to it."
In 1SS3 the woman charged with burg
lary was married to Henry de Costa, a
coal teamster. Two' children were born
to them— two girls— now aged 10 and 8
years. After nearly fourteen years of
married life De Costa brought suit .for
divorce on the ground of intemperance,
but during the proceedings* for divorce
and after the divorce was granted the
teamster continued to live with the wo
man who was the mother of his- chil
dren. Six months ago he deserted her,
she olalms, to bask in the smiles of the
woman. she t considered to be her friend.
And that is how all the trouble came
about, according to Kate de Costa.
"I have been arrested twice before,"
said Kate, "but only for drunkenness.
This charge of theft is an awijil one. If
Mrs. Yorke will only not prosecute me
I'll go back to work. I'm a domestic, and
I'll give her each month half of my
wages, until she considers I have paid up
all her' claims. But I don't blame de
Costa,
KATE DE COSTA TURNED BURGLAR FOR REVENGE.
Automobile Prize-Winners.
Fred Ward & Son, 46 Fremont street,
have been appointed agents for the Riker
<!^rtric vehicle, which won the first auto
mobOe club race of America the other
oay. running seventy miles on one charge
of battery, beating Fteam and gasoline,
::nd attained a gpeed of forty-five miles
jjtr hour. •
Edwin W. Evan?, a commercial traveler,
laid aside his business for ten minutes
yesterday morning and in that brief space
cf time rent asunder the marital tie that
bound him to Myra E. Evans, whom he
married in Reno, New. in January of 1899.
At 10 o'clock Kvans walked into the oftioe
of the County Clerk and liled suit for di
vorce, alleging desertion as rause of ac
tion. He was permitted to remove his
fomplaim to department four of the Su
perior Court. p.n<1 Judge Hebbard assent
ed to the proposal that it be taken up for
Immediate hearing.
Evar.s acted as liis own attorney. He
¦was sworn and took the stand as his own
witrrffs. "My wife deserted me over a
year ago," he suid. "She is now in the
Kast and has no dosire to return to me."
He tt*on withdrew from the stand, and in
accordance with the provisions of the law
called a corroborating witness, in the per
£'>n of his mother-in-law. .Mary O'Brien.
Airs. O'Brien testified that her daughter
departed for the Hast over a year ago.
with the willful purpose and intention of
deserting her husband. Upon this show
ing the court had no alternative under the
law but to frrant ihe divorce. Kvans had
provided himself with a formal decree,
end this he handed to the court that the
Jndicl&l *ipnature mipht be affixed. Judge
H< bt<ar«1 signed the document, and within
i> :i minutes from the time he entered the
County Clerk's ofijee Evans was a free
man.
After leaving the rourt Evans stated
that his marriage and his wife's desertion
of him had been almost as hasty as the
proceedings that made him single. He
Faid he met his former wife on January 1.
1893. Five days later they were married
in Reno. Another live days passed, and
Mrs. Eraoi made h»»r departure for the
Kast. Since that time the lady has not
Leen seen by ber former husband.
Acted as His Own Lawyer, Filed His
Complaint and Sent Matters
Through Court With a
Bush.
Evans' Marital Tie Severed
in Brief Time of Ten.
Minutes.
MOTHER-IN-LAW
SERVED AS HIS
CHIEF WITNESS
The dismasted German bark J. C.
Pfluger arrived from Santa Barbara in
tow of the tug Relief early yesterday
morning. The vessel left here on July
11 for Queenstown, and Captain Hoover
reported yesterday that on July 12, when
110 miles south-southwest from San Fran
cisco his vessel was struck by a whirl
wind.
"In a few seconds," says the captain,
"the- mainmast and mizzentopmast was
carried away. The mainmast, with the
mainyard attached, fell on deck, smash
ing two boats and the skids. The remain
der of the wreckage went by the board.
"There was a very heavy sea running,
and it took us nine hours to cut away
the spars. After clearing everything we
bent a new foresail and made for the
coast. When the Conception light was
seen we made sure of assistance, but
nothing came along until July 1<J, when
the Greenwood s-poke us ten miles oft
Santa Barbara. We will get new masts
here and will then proceed on our jour
ney, as the hull is perfectly sound."
Mail Steamer Colon Arrives.
The Pacific Mail Company's Colon ar
rived from Panama and way ports yes
terday. She brought up eleven cabin and
thirty-one steerage passengers. Of the
latter fourteen are Chinese.
Walla Walla Detained.
The Plight Sound steamer Walla Walla
is still detained by the accident to her
machinery, and it will probably be this
afternoon before she gets away. When
the gasket that blow out had been re
placed it was found that soruething was
wrong with one of the pistons. As soon
as that is repaired a start will be made.
The Walla Walla has over 200 passengers
aboard.
"Water Front Notes.
The little steamer Cordelia Heald that
left here for Nome last week was com
pelled to put back to port yesterday. She
ran short of coal up the coast, and ad
verse winds compelled a change of course.
It is now probable that her fourteen pas
pengers will remain at home and not face
the smallpox epidemic.
The handsome new steamer John S.
Kimball will sail for Xome on August 1.
She has accommodations for 500 passen
gers, and there are seven bridal cham
bers among hoF cabins. All of these
have been secured for the passage north
and also for tlio return trip from Xome.
The Kimball will make a second trip to
Nome on September 4 next.
The new schooner Ludlow was launched
a* Port Blakeley and the new schooner
R. C. Slaue at Grays Harbor last Thurs
day.
A Whirlwind Took Sticks Out of Her
a Day After She Sailed Prom
San Francisco for
Queenstown.
Dismasted Bark J. C Pfluger
Is Towed to Port by
the Relief
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
B. F. Brook of Bakersfleld, who Is large
ly identified with the oil interest in the
Kern River district, has been in. Los An
geles and has there talked to a reporter
for the Los Angeles Times concerning the
scrippers and the recent decision by Judge
Ross in Los Angeles. Some of his state
ments indicate the feeling among the oil
men in his section.
"The scrippers," said Mr. Brook, "do
not number over fifty in our district. As
against them are the" people of this and
other communities who have invested
their money in oil property. Take the
district In which I am interested, for ex
ample. - There are twenty square miles of
territory throughout which there are
many producing, oil wells. More than a
million and a half dollars has been spent
within the last year in developing that
district, and now this syndicate of black
mailers (for it is all a blackmailing
scheme) comes in and seeks to becloud
the title to the property on the ground
that it is an agricultural district and
therefore open to being- taken by the
holders of scrip. They know . and any
other person has only to visit the land
to know that it. is in no sense agricul
tural. Why, a crow could not lly. over it
without carrying its supplies, for noth
ing will grow upon it. Thirty thousand
people in this part of the State have made
investments there, and if the scrippers
think they can take that land without a
contest they. are sadly, imetaken. I do not
refer to any, particular individual, but to
the ring which has banded together to
extort money and property from those
who have not the means of making a
tight. There have been Instances where
land has been scripped as agricultural
and a week later the scrippers have ad
vertised their land as the best oil land in
the country. <
"Where is our remedy? In the Lana
Office, of course. If we can get a hear
ing I have no doubt that we will be able
to convince those who have authority over
the Government lands that this scripping
game is a bunko pure and simple— a veri
table hold-up, for already some of the
scrippers have approached those whose
lands have been scripped with offers of a
compromise. We have applied for a hear
ing, and if we get it there will be no fur
ther trouble. In the meantime, in re
sponse to our appeal, the Land Office has
suspended action."
Interesting information has been re
ceived concerning the scope of the Inter
national Petroleum Congress, to open at
l'aris next month. The secretary an
nounces that the sessions will begin
August 16 and that they will continue up
to August 2S. The programme embraces
the treatment of topics as follows:
"They Desirability of Recording the Depth of
-Wells In Relation to the Sea Level 1 '; 'The De
sirability of Introducing a Standard Method of
Kxaminlng Petroleum -and Its Products for
Technical and Commercial Purposes." by
Boverton Redwood; "Various Methods or Deep
Boring," by Albert Fauck of Vienna; "Tne
American Petroleum Industry," by Professor
Chandler of New York; "The Examination of
American Petroleum," by Professor Mabery
of Cleveland. O.; "Solid .Hydrocarbons in Pe
troleum Residuals," by Professor Zaliozeckl
of Lemberg; "The Preparation of Lubricating
Oils by Means of Concentration. by Mr. Berg
of Alsace; "The Utilization of Petroleum Pro
ducts for Preserving Timber." by A. Adiasse
vich- "On Borneo Oil," by Paul Dvorkovltz.
"While the prospectors for petroleum are
seeking for indications of oil from bnasta
to San Diego, some suggestions taken
from a pamphlet written by A. S. Cooper.
State Mineralogist of California, may be
acceptable. .
"Surface indications of the presence of
petroleum," writes Mr. Cooper, "consist
of unaltered rocks, white-leached shales
and sandstones, shales burned to redness,
fumaroles, mineral springs and the residue
from mineral springs, such as sebutle,
etc subsidences, natural gas, springs or
petroleum oil and maltha, porous rocks
saturated with bitumen, cracks in shale
and other rocks filled or partly filled witn
bitumen, black silicifled shales.
"The prospector should confine his at
tention to unaltered rocks. The color of
the bitumens where they exist near the
surface of the earth is black, bluish black
and dirty brown. The bitumen- can be de
termined from coal, vegetable deposits,
iron, manganese and other minerals that
closely resemble them by the following
tests: By its bituminous odor and taste;
by melting in the flame of a match or can
dle with a bituminous odor (iron and man
ganese do not fuse and coal and vegetable
matter burn without fusion); by dissolving
in bisulphide of carbon, chloroform and
turpentine. It would be well in prospect
ing for oil to carry a small bottle of one
of these solvents and another small bottle
in v.-hich the substance to be determined
is placed in a comminuted form, and agi
tated. If a brown or black solution ia
formed the substance under examination
is bitumen. ' P : '~'J,
"All streams, pools and other bodies or
water should be carefully inspected. If oil
is present it will float upon the surface,
showing prismatic colors. Compounds of
iron floating upon the surface frequently
show these iridescent colors. Whether this
scum is oil or an iron compound can be
determined by stirring the surface of
the water with a circular motion. If iron
the scum will break into irregular frag
ments; if oil it will form bands of color.
In other words, the iron compound seems
to act and break like a solid, whereas the
oily scum acts like a liquid.
"Frequently gases are seen to ascend
from the bottom of streams and pools of
water. Carburetted hydrogen, or natural
gas, is a far greater indication of the
presence of the bitumens than Is sul
phuretted hydrogen or carbonic acid gas.
Consequently, it is frequently important
to determine between these gases. Car
buretted hydrogen tfurns with a yellow,
luminous flame, whereas sulphuretted
hydrogen burns with a bluish flame. If
carburetted hydrogen is found it is a
nearly certain sign that somewhere in the
formation liquid bitumens exist, although
they may be distant from the place where
the gas issues. '
"All outcrops of the stratified rocks
should be examined. There are generally
better exposures of these rocks on the
sides of streams, canyons and gulches
than elsewhere. The surface of the
ground should also be examined. If any
brown or black material is seen in the
seams of the rocks or saturated porous
strata, the test for bitumens, with sol
vents, as described, should be made. If
natural gas or bitumen Is found upon the
surface of shale, there is strong prob
ability that the bitumen has ascended
vertically through these rock? from
porous strata below, as the. avenues for
the migration of the bitumens are usually
seams and cracks in'the shale, the shale
itself being impervious to the flow of the
bitumens, especially the liquid ones. But
when porous sand is reached, or when the
outcrop is porous sand, it can be presum
ed that the bitumens reached the surface
through the sand. Especially is this liable
to be true if the sandstones stand at a
high angle with the horizon. '
"Outcrops and anticlines can be follow
ed from outside property into the prop
erty being examined and the structure be
considered sufficiently well demonstrated,
so as to justify a person In drilling a
well for oil, even if bitumens were absent
from the surface of the land upon which
the well > is to be drilled and
the exposures of the strata are but slight.
The strike of the anticlines and outcrops
can be determined by a pocket compass.
"If indications of. the presence or bitu
men are sufficient to justify it, a topo
graphical map of the presumed oil terri
tory should be made before ¦ making a
cross-section of the rock structure. All
indications should be closely examined
and thoroughly studied. Even with the
greatest attention given to these details
before selecting a place to drill a well,
there is danger that the lower parts of
the bituminous strata encountered in the
well may contain water in place of gas
and oil, or may be calcified or siliclfied in
stead of being-bituminized. or that water
has entered the outcrop of the strata at
higher altitudes and ascended through the
formation; floating the oil to the surface
or carrying the same to the* other dip of
the anticline. Theory and observations
cannof be perfect, but are far better than
guessing." ... ; . . . . -.
, The shortage of oil cars is a" serious ,
Programme of International Petro
leum Congress at Paris — State
Mineralogist Gives Timely
Advice to Prospectors.
Kern County Placer Men to
Seek Relief Through
/ Land Office.
OIL LOCATORS
HOT ON TRAIL
OF SCRIPPERS
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
LIQUOR, JEALOUSY AND
A GHARGE OF BURGLARY
30
We call attention to our Window Display of
above goods.
Housekeepers willsaYe from $1.50 to $5.00 per
pair in purchasing their Blankets now,
mis week we will commence our ANNUAL
SALE of FINE WHITE BLANKETS, and will
offer them much cheaper than theu can he
knight for later in the season, These Blankets
were all made to our special order Ihj the
Golden Gate Woolen Mills of this citu. Theu
are all pure wool, with handsome borders.
The ends are iound with fine silk ribbon, 3
inches in width.
Theu are in all sizes, from 5 feet to 7 feet 6
inches wide, and the prices are from S3.75
to $15.00 per pair.
SPECIAL NOTICE,
Great Cut Price § ale
20 P er cent - °f' Dinner Sets
20 P er ccnt - °'^ Jardinieres
20 P er cent - oii Clocks
20 P er ceat> °^ Glassware
20 P sr ccnt - °H Lamps
30 P cr ce °t> °H a! ' Odds and Ends
Grey Enameled Wsre, prices avray down
Table Glassware, prices away down
DINNER SETS
44 piece Dinner Set, 53. OO
60 piece Dinner Set, 54.4O
!<#. piece Dinner Set, $6 OS
GLASS BERRY AND TABLE SETS
35.' 40. 45. 55. 75. «>© Cts. per Set
GLASS PITCHERS, SUGAR BOWLS
AND SPOON HOLDERS
5, 10, is, 20. 25 Cts. each
LEMONADE AND WATER SETS
45. 55. 6s, 75, 90 CtH, per Bet
COtlE
jrtJBTP TO SKSi
" Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuraltia,
DrugrBtsts, 60c flask. Richards & Co.i *06 Clay.'
Health Board Employes Contribute.
Although the fupd for the family of the
heroic . fireman, j John Edward Sweeney,
was practically closed over a week a^o.
Chief Sullivan yesterday received a con-
tribution of $36 50 from, the employes = in
the Health Office. This sum will : prob-
ably be banded over to- the i widow. .
Morton Draying.and Warehouse Co.
General Draymen— Warehousemen— For-
warding Agents— No. 204 Battery street. •
4- Room Furniture
FOR S98 \
BEDROOM— Bedroom set.' 7 ¦ pieces, hardwood:
1 Wire Spring. I good Top MaUresa.* 1
PARLOR-5 pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
stered Set. . . . <
DINING-ROOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Table.
« Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table. 1 No. 1 Star* 3
No extra charge on credit.
— MAKE TOUR OWN TERMS. —
Open Evenings.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St. Near Broadway.
Good Time and Place to Bay
Great American IniDGrtlns Tea Ca.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
£?"%. ? r ? n l\ Ave - (Bet - Butter and Post).
355 Hayes St. 218 Third St
1419 Polk St.- 621 Montgomery Avs
2516 Mission St. 705 Larkin St
3006 Sixteenth St. 1S13 Devlsadero St.
14b isimn bi. 473 Halcht St
200S Fillmore St. 32S5 Mission St.
52 Market St. 2732 24th St
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 \Tashlncton St. 616 E. 12th St.
1237 Broadway ns3 ZZA Ave.
1510 Seventh St. 13^5 Park St.. Alamed*.
B St., near 4th. San Rafael.
DR.MCNULTY.
H^HI% WELL-KXOW.N AND RELIABT.K OLD
X special is l cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis.
e-isps of Men nultj. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men.free. Over -Oy'rs' experience.
Patients ourwlal Kome. Terras reasonable. Hours?
to3dsilly:&30 toS.30 hv'bs. Sunday, 10 tnli Consul,
tation f ree and sacredly conflrientUl. Call, or address
P. RO9CUH McM'l.TY, M.l>.
20!,' Ilearny St.. Man Francisco* Cai.
ffOk CHICHE«TER'S ENGLISH
f ESNYROyftL PILLS
Eii^^v f" CJ"CUESTEira 'emUJSH
fr*Si^j4*S\la KEI> »ad tolj neu^ie boxes a^tj
fn iw 5 Mc^? -m ¦¦*«it»tu«« *¦ j imitj!
lli f}T t 1 ""*- "«r * year DmjjUt. or ml 4«. «a
-ATI,/' „ Jl"™ **"• ' "•••»» T..iim«B!»U. 8<2d7r
DR. HALL'S REIN YIGORATOR^JfTf^
Five hundred rewanl for any ft^jj'* l ?.tj.j
rase we cannot cure. This necret t£jU KKJ
remedy stops all loss«a la 2-1 I >3
hours, cures Emissions, Impo- UJQ W^l
tency. Varlcoceie. Gonorrhoea, iff* »K(fl
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost Ixlli UiUJ
Manhood and all wastln* efiects I f^3 Fl
of selt-abuse or excesses. Sent Ejfflut££d
seated. J2 bottle: S bottles. »5: «raarante«cl to
SKJSJKKnf*^- Ada r« s » HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
6TITI.TE. g5S Broadway. Oakland. CaJ. Al*>
for Ml* at im% Market .t.. 8. V.. AD prlVit*
«Ueu« «uJckJy cured. Sead (or tz*m boo*.
20 P £r cc °tt off Knives, Forks, Spoons
HlSTli Grade Silver Plated Ware
China
Crockery
Gfasswairs
Silver Pfisiteci Ware
AD V JJitTISTnvreUTS.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
.Half 4 1 ¦«i^lj[ ) There ¦ ¦¦
for I %i%P5£*s!f&'>. Ke a
XV Jl vJ JLiLU.d \ • / r^W V^^y^i^l I vJl/UU
. /s%<^ ife Dresser in Frisco but will
f*% ' 'In i e wear^ n^ onG °f our
j/^^^V. 'I* *A^ JT/ \ '/! Jl ill fit m j\ '
VY/ yt in fancy all- y ML * \l Wj/f
' m u wool Scotches, V //j r/i'/ji F{, Suits, judging by the
if/ \ also Uues, suits kJT~ fJlllblft croivd that packed our
i4r ff ihnt ar " worth fx5^-| l'< l ll i'l'm } in-- 7^ t
®B~ $7 to $8. ages '-S^v^^^^Ji^S ™?? b8 clothin $ depart-
g y.v 0 to 16 years. p^^ 7?ie7it Saturday. One of
'hJ^ priced wW l those good-natured f hap-
** special, tSyM JSXm tlr^ PV crowds that feel sat-
6j)]fw / fl| Ci Sli I^S^ isfied with their pur-
SfBMB lO/J' ® ur aiin^ >unce7rleri l
¦S^ sM Mmv)" that we were cutting the
¦=^\ V * ' [SlWII i patterns, the handsomest
' ~~ " "" Mm fables of the season, to
Built With <y^ CTrfll
JrOn aild Steel W^^^ff^^^ 0^ Brought the crowd. So
$aM$£, , ™itt aiain Monday.
C S~, JB %l^fl% ''' / 4rS* ?> S> * If you're down town
tj£ S|^ll§| "X IsSwl to-day take a glance at
<0§SS^i ! '-i^^^^'^^>S^ rfll our windows; there's
Mj^-Mm mi- wool heavy- \'\\^^^S^M^ Willl character and snap to
fK^-vvVj weight chevi- III J I Ii;m|lt3B;ES ¦ xi'm 1 ' miv -mp-rrlianriizp - i+ } en
ofs,aoicble seats. ll»i i-Uifc'<Wv^ f%? /
f ifp^'^N. double knees, tj'r) • <Si *S^ i oV > Qnan'frtH Vnn/nf '
1§rjipl?j\ handsome new ijjftirgJS Onap IOr JOU ai
? ; l\ W $ i f wl li d' i(i ; ages . l^^i H A= r*i"f
VJ^vJIjiJjj^ 4 io 15 years; l^llliv Jl 1 JL X^jfm
ik m si! H M incorporated
Corner kearny St. and Union Square Ave;
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
M car i»
Something Special!
MANTEL FOLDING BED, CIO Cfl
hardwood antique oak... OI&iUU
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Send fire cents In stamps for postac*
on new catalog.
THE J. NOONAN
FURMURE COMPANY (Inc.),
IO/7-/O23 MISSION STItEBT,
ABOVE SIXTH.
P»«B» Bonth It. Sia rnadiM.
DR. PIERCE'S ~*7fkiS-i' Guaranteed
ELECTRIC v^jY^>» t° be the
KELT. I i>* BEST*
We have belts as low as $5. same as others
s^ll at much higher prices, but they are not
"DR. PIERCE'S." If you want the BEST, a
belt that will cure without medicine, won't
fall 10 pieces In a short time, and which may
be had at a nwderate price, you must hav»
"DR. PIERCE'S."
Call or send a 2-cent stamp for "BOOKLET
NO. 2." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C2O Market Street. San Francisco.
Or.lU5 Broadway. New York City.Sister of San Francisco Police
man Sends Photo Thab Tells
the Tale.
AWFUL FATE OF
CHINESE CRIMINAL
St. Patrick's to Picnic.
The committee of arrangements in
charge of; St. Patrick's parish picnic, to
be held at Schuetzen Park, near San Ra
fael. September- 3, reported. at a meeting
held last night that everything, had-been
/ ' •_ o'r :.-::¦••'.- r* -
Charged With Embezzlement.
Ed Bowen, bartender at Kapp & Street'3
saloon, was arrested yesterday afternoon
on a warrant charging him with misde
meanor embezzlement. The' complaining
witness Is H. C.' Koehncke of the Enter
prise Brewery. Bowen, who was released
on ball, said he was accused of selling a
bottle of whisky and retaining the money.
ASPIRANTS FOR
SERVICE IN THE
STATE SENATE
Republicans May Win in
Four of Five San Fran
cisco Districts.
The Republicans by making creditable
nominations can win four of the five
State Senators to be elected in San Fran
cisco next November. Many of the Demo
cratic taxpayers wi!I support the best
nominees, irrespective of party. Old line
Bourbon Democrats who never voted any
other than a straight out Democratic
ticket are M p'ck of bubonic Phelanism
that they are afraid to register this year
lest they may be tempted to vote for Re
publican nominee*.
The bright promise of Republican suc
cess has brought to the front several un
worthy aspirants for office. Judge Dibble
In th« Forty-first District is vigorously
¦working to obtain the Republican nomi
nation for the Afsembly, believing that
the iwstige of a national election and the
popularity of McKinley and Roosevelt
will pull him through. The Republican
citizens and taxpayers of the district can
beat his game by simply electing a solid
delegation opposed to his renomlnation.
The business men and other leading rltS-
Z cns of the district may agree on a can
didate after they elect a delegation op
posed to Dibble.
There are many indications of a lively
flc-ht in the Twenty-third Senatorial Dis
trict for Stare Senator to succeed Sidney
Ha'lr Tim Treacy and Orator T. W.
lilc%' y are among the Democratic aspi
rants for nomination. It is presumed
that HIckey has the support of ihe Piie
lan civil sen-Ice sang. Republicans talk
e t nominating John J. Tyrrell, whose
23ear Club Preparing to Parade in
Honor of Colonel George Stone's
Return and Eddie Con
roy's Retirement.
I - ¦ ?
EL CAMPO.
THE FOPTJXAB, RESOHT.
The California Northwestern Railway
wiil have their usual picnio at El Campo
to-day. The fine steamer Ukiah leaves
many times during the day for the
grounds, which are the most beautiful in
tho vicinity of the city. There is ovcry
thintf there which can bring joy to the
heart of the nicnicker. Good bathing,
large and shady groves, splendid danco
platform— It is a place wherein one can
forget the fret of business.
RACCOON STRAITS ARE
DRAGGED TO NO AVAIL
Search for Bodies of T. J. Kelly and
Miss Warren Will Be Aban
doned.
All yesterday morning Wrecker White
law's men dragged Raccoon Straits for the
bodies of Tobias J. Kelly and Miss Bessie
Warren, Wit without result. .
Two skiffs were towed up and down the
straits while a line from which hung, a
row of weighted grappling irons dragged
behind them. A diver was on hand on
board the launch Jennie C ready to go
down in case the irons should encounter
anvthlnp. but nothing was hooked and
there was no need for his services: At 130
o'clock the outfit left the straits. No sys
tematic search will be made to-day.. . .
On Tuesday and Wednesday next, when
the bodies are due to float, it being, the
ninth day from their disappearance, boats
will patrol the straits at either end. Little
hope, however, is now entertained ror the
recovery of the bodies. \ . .
Annual Hop of Troop A.
Troop A of the National Guard Cavalry
will give its fifty-first anniversary ball at
the Armory Hall, 1327 Market street, on
Friday evening, July 27. The affair is
under the management of lieutenant C.
F. Wells and Lieutenant Ingle.
How Do You Do
Will be the password to-morrow at the as
signee sale-of shoes, so come and be wel
come to a pair of those ladies' fine shoes
that are stylish and worth $2 50 for only
$1 25 a pair at the assignee sale of shoes,
775 Market street, near Fourth. •
Banqueted Delegates.
Last Thursday night the members of
Piedmont Parlor. Native Daughters of the
Golden West, gave a banquet in honor of
two of its members In Loring Hall. Oak
land One of the honored guests was Miss
Amanda Hammerly, who was elected
grand marshal of the Grand Parlor, and
the other Mis.* Emma Vorrath. who, like
Miss Hammerly. was a delegate to the
Grand Farlor.
NEW YORK. July 21.— Captain Burg of
the Savannah line steamer City of Bir
mingham reports that when passing Sandy
Hook yesterday, bound in from Savannah,
a shell, which was fired from the Sandy
Hook proving grounds, struck the wat*r
between his vessel and the shore, about 130
feet from the vessel, and ricocheting
passed over his vessel about mld3hlps.
There was great excitement aboard tha
vessel about •what ¦was considered a nar
row esicape. and many of the passengers
were very much frightened.
Shell From Sandy Hook Proving
Grounds Nearly Hits a Steamer.
WILD TAB-GET PRACTICE.
popularity in the district Is not ques
tioned.
Republicans should never lose t!*e
Twenty-fifth Senatorial District, .which is
now represented by John Feeney, Demo
crat. Factional fights among Republi
cans have been the cause of their past
defeats. There is a prospect of harmony
this year. Among Republican candidates
for the nomination are Richard II. Jones*.
Daniel Crowley. Dr. C. A. Glover and
James F. Martinonl. Several Democratic
aspirants are already announced, and
among them are James W. Reilly. J. J.
O'Connell. J. J. Lynch. Dr. T. B. W. Lc
land and Michael Hernon.
Stephen A. Byrne is spoken of as Dem
nTatlr candidate for Senator to represent
the Xinetenth Senatorial District. He
was the Thirty-fifth District Democratic
nominee for Assemblyman In 1896 .against
W. H. Cobb. His friends are making an
active contest In his behalf.
Colonel George Stone, chairman rf the
Republican Stat<* Central Committee, will
arrive from the East next Tuesday even
ing, and the Bear Club is making prepa
rations to parade. It is not yet settled
whether the -i.-irarle is to be in honor of
Colonel Stone'? return to duty or of Kddie
Conroy's retirement from the committee.
Republicans throughout the State should
bear in mind that registration for tho pri
mary election closes July 2S. Every Re
publican in California should participate
In the primary election. Delepatiors to
comprise. tho nominating conventions
ought to represent the best elements of
citizenship. Worklngmcn. such as me
chanics, merchants, lawyers, doctors,
farmers and others rncagrd in industrial
pursuits, shoulil be oheson t o represent the
people. The old rounders, political para-
Fltes and grogshop loafers should b<? ex
cluded from the conventions. The small
bosses cannot pass out proxies as of yore,
as only delegates elected by the voters can
serve.
Fortieth District Club Plans.
President Edmund Tauszky of the For
tieth District* Republican Club has an
nounced as*the executive committee of the
club the following: John F. Kennedy,
Charles L. Fields, A. L. Rosenberg. T K.
Maerinnis, J. Ci. Geisting, Herbert Fleish
acker. R. H. Webster. Harry Baehr; M.
D. Levison, E. A,. Bullls. W. Z. Tiffany,
A. Morris, A. D. Cross. D. S. Davis, John
Henderson. WUHam Dodson. J. B. Whit
ney. John F. McGIynn, Charles R. Han
sen and John J. Cassldy.
The executive committee met Friday
evening: at 32SO Geary street and or
ganized by electing Edmund Taus-zky
chairman and D. L. Fitzgerald secretary.
It was decided that each member of the
executive committee should present two
names as candidates for delegate to the
municipal convention and one name for
delegate to the Congressional convention.
From the names presented the committee
will (select at Its next meeting the set of
delegates to be balloted for at the primary
election." \- s "\-"- x -.v'-V\-'. /: "*'¦.'•
EX-SOLDIER CANAVAN
ATTACKS TWO CHINESE
Runs Amuck Among the Boxers and
Is Subdued by Gunsmitk
Bachman.
James A. Canavan got drunk yesterday
afternoon and started on a campaign
against the Boxers. On Clay street, a
few doors west of .Kearny, he saw Lul
Gone standing in front of a store. Cana
van darted forth his strong right arm and
struck Gong on the forehead, knocking
him to the sidewalk. Ah Qui, a friend of
Gong, blew a police whistle, whereupon
Canavan smote him on the nose, drawing
a stream of blood.
Gunsmith Bachman. whose place of
business is near by, came upon the scene
and upset Canavan. throwing the fighter
upon hi3 back on the cobbles near the
cable track and kneeling upon him until
the police came and arrested the anti
lioxer. ¦
The prisoner said that he had been a
member of "The Fighting Forty-third,
that he was "loaded" and glad of it. and
expected to be discharged by the court.
He was charged with two batteries and
one vulgar language, and protested that
It was no crime to beat a Gong in China
town, that all Chinamen were Boxers and
ought to be swept oft the eagrth.
RILOT-BOAT Bonita was struck
by a whale six miles southeast
of the Farallones at 9:30 p. m. July
20, and sank in fifteen fathoms of
water at 3:38 a. m. July 21.
Captain Scott and the crew of the
wrecked pilot boat were brought to the
city on the collier Wellington, arriving at
7 o'clock yesterday morning, and the abo*e
notice of the disaster was immediately
posted at the exchange. The news created
a vast amount of discussion and there
were not wanting those who derisively de
clared that the yarn of the vessel having
been sunk was a fish story. Later in the
day, however, when the particulars
leaked out all were ready to admit that
the Bonita had been sunk by a whale and
every British and American deep water
captain in port had a story to tell of well
known vessels that had met with similar
mishaps. Captain Steve Castle, the man
aging owner of the Bonita, is satisfied
that a breeching whale Is responsible for
the loss of the pilot boat.
Captain Castle Explains.
"The mammal was hunting and had a
great mouthful of small fi«h," said Cap
tain Castle. "It was rising to the surlac.e
at the rate of a mjle a minute with its
prey and just as it was ready to breech
into the air it collided with the Bonita.
Result, the Bonita is now fifteen fathoms
deep six miles southeast of tiiu Faral
lones." •
The pilot boat Bonita went to sea last
Wednesday morning with Captain George
Scott in 'ommand. With h!m were Cap
tains Alex Swanson, K. M. Freeman.
James Miller and George E. Wallace. The
boatkeeper was Frank Brightfeld. the
steward "Pop" Gannon and the three sail
ors in the crew were named Olson, "An
derson and Jackson.
On 'Friday evening the lookout on the
Donlta sighted the lights of the tug Re
lief with the dismasted bark J. C. Pllu
ger in tow. The pilot boat was hove ¦ to
and Captain Freeman was sent aboard the
bark in the Bonita's yawl. On his way
both he and the two men who were row
ing him nearly lost their lives. An Im
mense school of small fish surrounded the
boat and, attracted b> the lirht which
the pilot was holding in his hand, they
began jumping into the yawl. For a few
seconds it looked lift" a swamping, but
Pilot Freeman hid the light and made hid
boatmen stop rowing and in a few mq
ments the danger was passed. The ap
proach of the Relief and her tow drove
the fish away.
Came Like a Thunderbolt.
Pilot Freeman's adventure took place
at 7:^0 p. m., and two hours later the
Bonita was making her way slowly In the
direction of the lightship. Without a
moment's notice and like a thunderbolt
out of a clear sky something struck her
"on the port quarter and a few moments
later she was waterlogged. Tor six hours
Captain Scott and two of the crew stood
by th»> sinking schooner, and then she
went down bow first.
"After putting <.'aptain Freeman, aboard
the J. C. Pfluger we started for the light
ship," said Captain Scott. "The sea was
comparatively smooth and the wind light. 1
We were making about -two knots' an
hour and there was nothing In sight. I
was just in the act of going below when
I saw something rising up In the water
alongside the vessel. It butted us on
the port quarter and then seemed to re
bound and gradually sank out of sight.
Perhaps there was no rebound in the
ease of Mr. Whale, and It was simply
our boat, being rushed through the water
bv the impact, but It seemed to us that
the whale bounded back and then -sank
out of sight.
Could Not Keep Her Afloat.
: "A brief examination showed- that' ' the
Bonita was badly stove below the water
line and was "sinking. I got the pumps
to. work, but we could not control' the in
rush, and fifteen minutes tho acci
dent the water was up to The lockers in
the cabin. I got the crew on deck and
had the boats put in the water. At mid
night we kedged the boat, lowered all the
sails. and prepared to leave: f I sent Cap
tains Swanson. Wallace and Miller and
Steward Lannon and two men to the
Grade S,. which, was. near .by, while, tne
surprised lot of men you never saw in
yt>ur life when they heard our story.
About 3:40 a. m. Captain Scott came
aboard and gave us the news of the sink
ing of the Bonita. Soon after he boarded
the Wellington, and yesterday afternoon
I boarded the Colon and came In. No
more whale stories in mine. One adven
ture with a leviathan is enough for me."
Pilots Have Man
Closs Calls.
Since the pilot service for the Golden
Gate began there have been many pilot
boats wrecked, and no one but the pilots
themselves can tell how many "close
calls." Xo matter how hard it blows, the
pilot boat has to be cut. and a dozen times
a month the pilot takes his life in his
hands while seeking to board an incoming
vessel.
Away back in 1S53-54 the pilot boat Sea
Witch was wrecked on Arch Rock. She
ran on the spot In a dense fog, but luckily
all hands were saved before she went
down.
In 1S59 the Dancing Feather went ashore
in Potato Cove and became a total loss.
Her crew was saved. ¦>
In 1S61 the Julia disappeared and has
nfcve.r been heard from since. All the
pilots had boarded off and a schooner in
distress coming along the boatkeeper and
a sailor went out to her. leaving the Julia
unattended. A freshening breeze started
her away and the men could not catch
her. She gradually ran away from her
pursuers and has never been heard of
from that day to this. The general sup
position Is that she was caught in a squall
off the Farallor.es and went down.
Lost With All Hands.
In 1862-63 the Relief was swamped on
tho bar and went down with all hands.
She had four pilots aboard and a crew of
four men.
in 1S67-6S the Caleb Curtis was swamped
on the bar and all hands were drowned.
Luckily the pilots had all boarded off, so
only the cre'W lost their lives. Afterward
the Caleb Curtis was raised and refuted.
Later she was sold to a sealing firm, but
the captain who went out on her sold her
in Japan and ran away. She is now sup
posed to be a yacht in Chinese waters.
In 1S69 the J. C. Conseus went on the
beach in a dense fog and became a total
loss.
In 1SS0 the Confidence ran on Mile Rock
and went down in a few minutes. The
crew wns saved.
In 18S6 the T. H. Allen was run down
and sunk by the bark Wallacetown. Sev
eral of the crew were injured, but no
lives were lost. Now comes the most
thrilling and peculiar of all the disasters
—the Bonita's encounter with a whale.
The Bonita -was one of the handsomest
pilot boats ever seen on this coast. She
was 78 tons gross burden. SI feet long, 23
feet beam. 9 feet 6 inches deep and was
built at Port Blakeley in 1S92; going into
commission in June of that year. The
pilot service will not be crippled by her
loss, as Captain Jordan has the America
ready to go into commission at once. She
will be dry docked on Monday morning
and will go out Monday night to relieve
the Gracie S.
boatkeeper, a sailor and myself stayed
by the ship.
"For a couple of hours we hung on to
the main sheet, and then as it looked as
though she might go dt>wn at any mo
ment we cast off. At 3:10 a. m. she was
in her death throes. Shu took a list to
port, gave two or three heavy rolls, then
careened to starboard and finally settled
down head lirst. The last * thing I saw
of the _onita was the end of her main
boom, and it was sticking straight up
like a mast.
"After i he Bonita went down we pulled
to the Gracie S and got aboard her at 3:40
a. m. Soon afterward the steamer Wel
lington hove in sight and I went aboard
as pilot, while the crew of the Bonita
came along as passengers. Captains
Swanson, Miller and Wallace remained
aboard the Gracie S to finish their cruise."
Second Experienc.3 With a Whale.
This is Captain Scott's second experi
ence with a whale. Twenty years ago he
was outside the Heads on the tugboat
Donald and a big leviathan came up to
breathe just as the one that wrecked the
Bonita did. Luckily it came up alongside,
but gave the Donald a stroke with its tail
that broke every dish in the pantry and
disabled the machinerv. ¦
Late yesterday afternoon Captain Alex
Swanson came in uii the steamer Colon,
which arrived from Panama. His account
of the aflair adds many details to the most
peculiar disaster that has ever oecurrea
off the Golden Gate. Since the pilot serv
ice was inaugurated nine pilot boats have
been wrecked, but not one of them can
compare in graphic details with the loss
of the Bonita.
"Up to the time that whale struck us,"
said Captain Swanson, "it was one of the
most ordinary cruises I had ever been
out on. We left port Wednesday morning
anil not a blessed thing hovo in sight un
til after th<? Uonita was wrecked Friday
night. We had been playing a game or
eribbage. and getting tired of the sport
were going to bed. Wallace was nearly
undressed. Miller v/as resting on the
lounge nnuM was going into the pantry to
get a mouthful to v.-hile Scott was
coming clown the companlonway to see
how we were getting along. Suddenly
there came a crash that made me think
of a man playing on -a xylophone. Every
timber in the boat seemed to have been
struck and every one of them gave forth
a different note. Talk about your "sa<l sen
waves'; that was the saddest refrain 1
have ever heard sounded in my life. Sh*
was as tight u. little craft as ever sailen
the Pacific, was faster than anything of
her class afloat and as comfortable a boat
as man ever sot foot on. It seemed a»
though she were singing her own requiem.
Later on, when Wallace was putting on
my rent and Miller was getting into" my
vest, while 1 was lookirg around for some
thing to cover my suspenders, there did
not seem so much poetry in tho situation.
Was an Old Grayback.
"A? soon as the shock came I rushed on
deck and saw an old grayback whale com
ing up. For a second or two it seemed to
wallow around as though stunned, and
then it ranged up alongside. For a few
seconds it was \ motionless, and then it
started away with a . rush that left a
phosphorescent streak a mile long behind
it. . .
"When V got a chance to look around
Captain Fcott wq|& up to his knees In
water getting the pump ready. Seeing that
the chances of saving the the boat were
desperate; AVnllace. Miller and I went for
ward and got thfl men's things out of the
forecastle while they were at work on the
pumps. By tho tlnv we bad done this and
got back "to tho cabin the. -water, was up
to the lockers and the Bonita was doomed.
We got Into tha boats and pulled away,
but as : she did not seem to sink In the
water wo went back to her and saw by the
light in the cabin, that was still burning,
that the. water -was up over the cabin ta
ble. We secured the, compasses, glasses,
speaking trumpets and anchor light and
then lowered the sails. She began to/ca
reen soon after -the sails were lowered,
and everybody deserted her once more.
"Captain Scott now decided that more
pilots should be at watch on the stations,
so he told Captains Wallace. Miller and
myself off for duty on the Oracle S. At
this time the Gracie was six miles away,
kedged two miles outside the lightship. It
took us two hours' and forty minutes to
row to her, and when we came -alongside
they took us for a lot of pirates and or
dered .us.away. ,¦ We.found.Captalns Ers
.kine and Korts in the cabin, and a more
SCENE ON THE- PILOT BOAT BONITA AFTER THE WHALE STRUCK HER.
>?s=0 CNNIE POWELL, stage beauty.
and Herbert Cripps, stage man
>k^ ager, no longer bow as they pass
by. In spite of the fact that they
both belong to the samp company, cruel
fate crJuina that winsome Connie obey
the heartless Herbert's orders. *
Connie Powell is one of the eight ma**
cottes (spelt with a double "t" and a flnal
"c" at the beauty's suggestion) of the
Dunne and liyiey Company playing at the
California Theater. Herbert Cripps Is the
man who puts the "mascottes" through
the intricate mazes of the dances and
Ftands in the wings and claps his hands
when the chorus ladies are expected to
"face" or "forward march."
Cripps' quarrel with Connie is a most
tanproteselonal one and revolves in most
Inartistic fashion round a monetary basis.
A fine of ?2 for being two minutes, late
at a stage rehearsal first started the
trouble and the climax was finally reach
ed when the f«--t.-hing English maid found
her weekly salary less Jo. tariff levied for
wearing her cap at an angle not pleasing
to the Cripps eagle eye.
"It's just this way." said Connie,
"Cripps wants to quarrel with the 'mas
cottes.' Business is not as good as It
ought to be, and if he gets us in a row
find we pet mad and quit, why we break
the term? r>t our contracts. We are
Ftranded here and the management is in
ovr transportation— for they don't have to
*¦¦ * us back then to New York.
The miserable wretch," wont on the
•-^Mascotte." "He fined me $5 for wearing
my cap in what I considered a most be
coming fashion. I had it perked over my
ear. in a fetching way. and he came along
*»nd said, "I want you to wear that cap
at the back of your head."
" 'I won't,' I said. 'Mr. Dunne and his
wife. Mary Marble, have watched me
from the front nnd say the way I wear
my rap Is Ftunning.*
" 'Five dpllars fine," yelled Cripps, and
with that he shoved five fingers right
I under my nose to emphasize what he was
: saying."
"It was perfectly awful," went on
Mabel Powell. Connie's big sister; "Con
nie was aghast for a moment and then
j she looked as if she wanted to cry— but
she didn't."
"You bet I didn't." chimed in Connie.
"I would not cry for a man who wears
nanny-goat whiskers on his chin and
waggles them when he gets mad.
"But I'm not the only one," went on
the little Powell. Neliie Bly was dread
fully sick and had to stay off two nights.
When she returned Cripps docked her for
four nights and when due complained he
told her that the company was losing $500
a v.eek and she ought to be glad that she
was getting any salary at all.
"It's just this way," said the dainty
Connie in conclusion. "You see. we are
stopping at first-class hotels and Cripps
thinks we are living loo well. The fact
of the matter is some r.f us are getting a
bigger salary than some of the princi
pals-."
Th«* eight "masoottes." upon whom, ac
cording to Miss Powell, the managerial
wrath is being poured, are Mabel Powell,
Nellie Payne. Vivian Austin. Bertha Dun
ham. Mollie Hoffman, Nellie Bly, Theresa
Ropgiero and Connie Powell.
"Of course. I'm easily the best of them
all." said Connie, "and that's why I sup
pose Cripjis especially hates me. But I
love him." said the maseotte par excel
lence with a crunch of her pretty teeth.
Then Mabel Powell, with a bewitching
tc?s of her pretty blonde head, said "1>— n
him." and after that the conversation
languished.
Manager Cripps was rather averse to
discussing Connie Powell.
"There is very little to say about the
girl," he said. "I fined her because she
was impertinent and insubordinate. She
is always 1 late and pays no attention to
business. She is clever and capable, but
f poils It all in her endeavor to make her
self conspicuous."
CONNIE POWELL, A CHORUS LADY WITH A BIG SALARY.
The prosecution in the ca3e of AnseMna
M. Abbott, charged with assault to mur
der, for shooting De Witt Clinton, the
actor, concluded its case yesterday before
Judge Mogan, and a continuance was
granted till Tuesday at the request of ex
judge Graham, the defendant's attorney.
Clinton was up again for cross-examina
tion, and he had to admit that be had re
ceived other money from the defendant
besides the J10 in Omaha. She sent him a
registered package containing $4t> to Jop
lln. Mo., but although his receipt was pr»
duced for. the package he denied there
was any money in It. He acknowledged
that he got $30 from her later than April
last. $3) -of which - he had repaid. Ho
urgently needed the money at the time,
as his mother was "on an operating table
in Portland, Or." • He had at the sama
time written to two of his uncles for
money.
in this city Clinton first met Miss Ab
bott on June 10. That was a Sunday
nisjnt, and she called at the Grand Opera
house after the performance, tie went
with her to her room and there told her
tneir relations must cease, as there was a
wide chasm between them. As he wa3
leaving she was very anxious that he
should return, and she said: "Put this
diamond ring on your finger. If you havo
it I know you will return to me." He ob
jected, so ne said, but she insisted, and ho
anally permitted her to place the ring on
his tinger. He wore it on his watch cnaiit
till the following Thursday and sent It
back to her by special messenger. H©
also sent a note that he could not see her
again. She hud called at the theater the
previous night in a drunken condition and
made a scene. He put her on passing cars
three or four times, but she always
jumped off and continued to make things
disagreeable for him. threatening to "fix"
him. The next night— Thursday— she shot
him. He admitted that he knew she was
a "street walker" when ho received tho
moneys from her.
A letter written by the defendant to
Clinton after she had received back tha
ring was introduced for identification. It
was couched in the vilest language.
Policemen Winzler and Tillman testified
to making the arrest and taking the re
volver from the defendant. Her hair was
disheveled, but they saw no marks on her
throat, although they admitted th*>y did
not look for any. The theory of the de
fense is that Clinton grabbed the youns
woman by the throat before she shot him.
Prosecution Closes Case and Defend-.
ant Will Probably Try to Prova
That She Was Attacked
First. '.}
Admits Receiving Various
Sums Prom Angelina
M. Abbott.
THE CULPRIT IN THE CAGE.
THE sister of Police Officer Hurd has written a letter to him from
Shanghai, telling of the atrocities of the Boxers and Inclosing a pho
tograph of a Chinese criminal who was tortured to death for mal
treating a young girl. After referring to the Boxers the lady writes:
Lust nieht ve were all In a great state of excitement. There- were rumors afloat
that some Boxers were In the Immediate vicinity of Shal. I sent for my friend, the
Russian Consul, and he put all my fears at rest. Don't you worry about me. as there
is absolutely nothing in the way of dange r here. I know that the papers will b» full of
a lot of stuff, but don't believe It.
I am sendingr a photo of a man who was captured in th© Chinese city and put In a.
wooden cage, the top of which is of solid wood with a hole in It large enough for his
neck to go through. If you will look you will see that hs is standing on stores, and
each day they took so many stones from under his feet until finally he would have
no support for his body and eventually strangle or rather hang by his neck. I forgot
to mention that they gave him no food. He wa» expected to live from five to seven
days, but luckily for him. he died on the third day. If I told you this you would no
doubt disbelieve me, so I send you the photo taken by myself to confirm it.
This man was a perfect fiend. He assaulted a little girl 7 years of age and also
gouged the eyes out of two Chinamen with his thumb and committed a number of
horrible offenses. You can imagine what Chinese punishments are like.
done to make the affair, a grand, success.
William J. Flynn of the games commit
tee informed the meeting trat many
amusing- and novel track features ; had
been arranged for. The committee on
souvenirs reported that an original
memento had been designed. The Rev.
Mr. Cummings and the Rev. Mr. Heslin
are working hard to make the picnic the
biggest and the best the parish has ever
held.
ftW»>MtHMUWf^Htt||IH9
I Pages 31 to 40 1
HWtlllllllinMHHItlHHIB
! Pap 31 to 40 j
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 32, 1900.
The Leviathan Strikes the Schooner on the
Port Quarter and the Little Vessel Sinks a Few
Hours Later Near the Farallohes.
HUMPBACK WHALE SENDS PILOT
BOAT BONITA TO THE BOTTOM
Cost Connie Powell Five Dollars
to Wear Headgear to Suit
Herself.
STAGE BEAUTY FINED
FOR COCKING HER CAP
ACTOR CLINTON
APPEARS IN AN
UNSAVORY ROLE
Scotland has sixteen co-operative bak-
eries. \ t;: ;The Scottish Rite Temple Association
of San Francisco incorporated yesterday.
The object of the corporation is to erect
and maintain building for the accommo
dation of the several lodges of the Ancient
and Accepted Scottish Rite of Free Ma
sonry. The directors are W. H. CrocKer
Llppmann Sachs, Thad B. Kent. Frank
Koente, K. C. Van Schalck, James A.
Wilson and Frank O, Allen. The associa
tion is incorporated with a capital stock
of. $150,000, of. which $70 haa been sub
acribed. _ .__. .___^_^
Michaels Wins.
PHILADELPHIA, July 21 l Th- ,„ ' .
££.e by - Joh^&fiST £*§£& $««
PHILADELPHIA. July 21.-A heavy electri
cal etcrm put a etop to to-day'« game between
PltUburn and Philadelphia in the second half
of the seventh innlne. Both P.illlippl and I'latt
were In excft'.lent form and the fielding waa
Klit-edsed. Attendance 6401. Score:
Clubi- . . R. -H. E.
Plttsburr o 8 1
FhllajJelDhJa ...._^» 3 ' «;.'¦"¦«
NEW YORK. July II.— St. Louis won the rub
ber game or the present series ' to-day. " Do
heny pitched In good form up to the ninth
tuning, when he presented St. Louis with three
runs und the came. Attendance 40C0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louii 8 9 1
>>cw York 2 8 5
Batteries,— Powell. Weyhin* and Robinson;
t'oheny and llov.erir.an. Umpire — Terry.
BnOOKLY.V, July 21.— To-day"§ same had a
remarkable finish. With the pcore tied, two
ir.t n cut »nd Dcmontrcville at third, Ilahn tried
to pive Mctlulrr a basn on balls. TMe batter
Flruck at a bad ball, which. Wood multed, and
Oemontrovllle came home with the winning
run. Attendance 300G. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
flnclnnatl S IS 0
Brooklyn 6 8 3
Batttrles— Ilahn and Wood; Kltson and Mc-
Guire. Umpire— Isw&rtwood.
Clubr— W. L. Pet' Clubs- TV. U. Pet.
Hrooklyn.... ¦»" 26 .64* Cincinnati.. 3G 3* .490
Philadelphia 41 24 .540 Boston 3.1 31 .45S
IMttebuir... *¦"> 36 .SI6| St. Louis... SI 3S .457
Chicago 3S 3-J .SIS I New York.. 26 44 .370
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
A EEMAEKABLE FINISH.
Brooklyn Scores a Victory on a Missad
Strike.
Lowers Lfiwson's Record.
WASHINGTON. July 21.— Only three
professional riders— Tom Cooper, Orlando
Stevens and Jay Eaton— appeared for to
day's races at the International Athletic
Park. These riders agreed to ride a match
of three one-third mile heats and try for
the one mile competition world's record,
which was recently lowered by Lawson.
Cooper succeeded in breaking the record,
covering the mile In 1:58%. In the match
race Stevens-won the first and third heats
Jn 50?i and 51« seconds respectively, and
Cooper the second heat In 53 seconds.
The following pairs are matched, but
have not yet played. C. P. Eells vs.
George Heazelton: Dr. H. 0. Howltt vs.
Clem Arjiold: K. I,. Griffith vs. R. J. Da
vis; W. Thomas vs. S. II. Boardman: W.
W. Morrow vs. S. G. Buckbee, and \V.
Gerstle vs. Mr. Lafavor. In the second
game of the scries of three M. Dore won
seven up from I. J. Wiel and M. Gerstle
won one up from Dr. Dennis Arnold. The
remaining matches will be played at the
convenience of the contestants.
RUN A BEAD HEAT.
Head and Head.
Mounts of L. Beiff and Sloea Pinisi
LONDON. July 21.— At the second day's
racing of the Sandowne second summer
meeting to-day tha National Breeders'
Produce stakes of 5000 sovereigns, five fur
longs, resulted in & dead heat between
Star Show, ridden by L. Relff. and Ian.
with Tod Sloan up. J. Reiff guided J. H.
Musker's Llmosa colt, which was third.
The Cobham plate was won by Bonnebosa,
ridden by Sloan. The Surrey handicap
was won by Helen Margaret, also ridden
by Sloan.
The twenty-fourth renewal of tha War
ren Nursery was won by Armful, on which
Sloan had the mount.
PLAYED INTERESTING
GAMES- OF TENNIS
Participants Were Surprised by the
T>efeat of Grant Smith, by
Crowell.
The continuous tournament at the Cali
fornia Tennis Club was productive of some
interesting matches yesterday.
Robert Whitney defeated W. B. Collier
Jr. in three straiRht sets, 6—2. 7—5, 6—0.
Dr. Root beat H. W. Crowell two sets in
three, 2 — 6, 6 — 1, 7 — 5. The biggest surprise
in the continuous tournament was the de
feat of Grant Smith by Crowell. Smith
won the first set. 6—3, in a walk, but
Crowell, by taking the net at all times,
won the next two and match, C — 1. 6 — 4.
W. Stauf defeated Bishop Moreland in a
long struggle. 8—6, 6—4. R/. Whitney de
feated W Stauf, 6—2. 6—0. E. Fuller de
feated Mr. Hilt of New York, S— «. Al
Rosenberg won from Hilt. 6 — 4, 6 — 3, 6 — 2,
4—6. George Whitney beat Grant Smith,
(!_]_ 6—0. 6—2. R. Cornell defeated Percy
Kahn, 6—3. G— 4. Walter McGavin was
playing in his old-time form and cleverly
defeated Al Rosenberg in a five-set match.
Grant Smith defeated Cornell, 6—4. Goad
ing defeated Percy Kahn, 6—4, 6—4. E.
Fuller beat W. H. Moreland. &— 1. 6—4. Al
Rosenberg beat Merle Johnson, 1 — 6, 6—1,
6—2, 8—8.
Several of tho ladies were out practicing
for the coming tournament. Miss Emma
Hunter of Alameda boat Miss Bowman,
G — 2. Miss Bowman and Professor Daily
beat Miss I-aura Denson and Miss Hunter,
6-3. &-6.
Mrs. Kincaid. Miss Waterman, Miss Me
cartney and Mips Bramhall are constantly
practicing at the Alameda Club courts,
where they now have a ladles' day twice
instead of once a week.
•Absent. "By d>fau!t.
Mrs. R. G. Brown's team, as shown by
the above table, won the lirst match six
teen up. The games in the second and
third matches will be played at the con
venience of the pairs of opponents at any
time before August 15.
A dozen couples are engaged Jn the
team match for men, and the following
scores have been recorded In the first
game of the series of three:
CANADIANS WIN.
CHICAGO. July 21. -The fifth tourna
ment of the Northwestern Cricket Asso
ciation came to a close at Parkside to
day, when the annual international match
between the Canadian and American
branches was won by Canada by forty
three runs in the first innings. The out
(tprne wan as unexpected as the match
play«*l last year In Winnipeg, when the
Americans won.
With th«> best men from the Minnesota,
Denver, Chicago and Omaha associations
to select from, it seemed likely that the
American tram would prove too ?trong
for th^ Manitoba contingent, which had
to do duty for Canada. But the Canadians
won a clever victory and if the two in
nir.M could have been played to a finish
a fine etrucRle ¦would have resulted.
Captain Fairbanks, for the American
team, won the to*s and went to the bat.
The start was disastrous, two wickets
being down for four runs. FYom this be
frinnlnjf th* side never recovered. Th«
Fide was o-.:t for the meayer total of CG
and tilings looked blue for the home team,
but the American bowlers ret to work
to dispose of the Canadians and a lead of
£3 was fpcured in the second inning
Fairbanks opened the inning with a well
piayrd nineteen. Robinson of Omaha
and S*arbuck of St. Paul both hit well
Rnd run* aim rapidly, despite several
changes of bowling. With the total of
135 for seven wicket?. Captain Fairbanks
:Io*ed th« innings, the Americans havinc
: lead of 102 runs, while the Canadians
ha*i ninety minutes to bat. In this tim»
they made 71 for the loss of five wirkets
CHICAGO, July 21.-Sldn.ey Lucas did
not even get Inside the money in the
Wheeler handicap at Washington Park
to-day. The Roman, a despised outsider,
whose chances were considered so slim
that tho books did not hesitate to lay
odds of 12 to 1 against him, won the purse.
Pink Coat, on whom there was a strong
tip out, was the one to fight for the race
In a heart-breaking finish, in which The
Roman's nose stood him In good stead.
By the narrow margin of a few inches
T. H. Ryan's horse gathered In the race.
Pink Coat was second. Advance Guard
third and Sidney Lucas fifth. The time,
2:04%, was just shy of being a world's
record.
Orimar to-day, equaled the world's rec
ord of 1:38 for a mile, made by Voter at
Brighton Beach on last Tuesday. He did
the trick in the seven.th race, and did it
in a way which left little room for doubt
that he could have made it at least a
quarter of a second better if he had been
fully pushed out. Results:
Five furlongs— Gold Badge won, Paletou sec
second, Battua third. Time, l:01V{.
Six furlongs — Star Chamber won. Flaunt sec
ond. Minyon third. Time, 1:1 »'«.
The Wheeler handicap, one and a quarter
miles— The Roman won, Pink Coat second, Ad
vance Guard third. Time. 2:04%.
One mile — Mr. Brown won. May Beach sec
ond, Gforfse Arnold third. Time, 1:3S%.
Six furlongs, selling— Heigh Ho won, Flamero
second, John Grigsby third. Time, 1:14. .
One mile, selling— Sam McKeever won, Ein
stein second. Blue Lick third. Time, l:40&
One nrile. selling — Orimnr won. Cogmoosey
second, Dissolute third Time, 1:38.
ST. LOUIS, July 21.-Sprung and Sid
dubla in the second and The Monk and
Kisme in the seventh events at the Fair
Grounds to-day finished noses apart un
der the whip. Jake Stern in the seventh
race ran away four miles in a false break.
Dominick carried off tne riding honors,
piloting three : winners to victory and
placing two other horses inside the
money. Results:
One and a quarter miles, selling— Clara M
won. Round Turn second. Leona G third.
Time, 2:12V£. " I
One and a quarter miles, selling— Sprung won,
Pidrtubla second, Duchess VH third. Time,
2:1014. '
One and one-eighteenth miles — Jimp won.
Colonel Gay second. Jim Turner third. Time.
l:E0.
Six furlongs— HI Kollar won, Lord Neville
second. -Hi Nocker third. Time, 1:15.
AV. J. Lemp Brewing Company stake handi
cap, sweepstakes for two-year-olds, six fur
longs — Queen Dixon won. Ampere second, Sard
third. Time, 1:15%.
Handicap, one and one-sixteenth miles— Lady
Callahan won. Charlie O'Brien secom}, Molo
third. Time. 1:48%.
One mile, purse — The Monk won, Kisme sec
ond, Insurgent third. Time, 1:42.
Steeplechase, about two miles— Old Tank and
Perton ran a dead heat, * Cousin Jesa third.
Time, , i : 3* >-6. SK|gp
NEW YORK. July 21.-At Brighton
Beach to-day Prince of Melbourne won
the Seagate stakes, at a milo and a quar
ter, from Brigadier by one and a half
lengths. Results:
One mile, selling — Alslke won; - Autumn sec
ond, Rlnaldo third. Time. 1 MO 4-5. -
Blx -furlongs— Sanders won, Waring second,
Meahanus third. Time, 1:13 2-5. ¦
ROMAN WALKS
AWAY WITH THE
WHEELER STAKES
The Lndergraduate stakes, five and a half
furlongs— Handiwork won. Outlander second
Ethics third. Time. 1:07 3-5.
The Seagate stakes, mile and a quarter
Prince Melbourne won, Brigadier second, Da
vid Garrick third. Time, 2:05 1-5.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— General
Mart Gary won. Bettie Gray second, Woonter
Boy third. Time, 1:47.
MONTREAL, July 21.-The Bellaire
meeting closed to-day. Results:
Six furlonss— Jack Adle won, Vint second
May Boyd third. Time, 1:20.
Four and a half furlongs— Edgeworth won,
San Lui* second. Lizzie A third. Time, 1:00.
Six furlongs— Kstaca won. Nancy Till second.
M Murphy third. Time 1:22.
Forest and Stream stakes, seven furlongrs—
Althea won, Ocie Brooks second, Bell Punch
third. Time. 1:33%.
Six furlongs— Lizzie Kelly won. Governor
Run?ll second. Intent third. Time. l:23Vi.
.Steeplechase, full course— Arquebus won, Ar
rezzo second. Jack Catey third. Time, not ta
ken.
TBOTS AND PACES.
Winners of Harness Events at Grosss
Pointe and Davenport.
DETROIT, Mich.. July 21.— By declaring
off the 2:04 pace and 2:22 trot the pro
gramme of the blue ribbon meeting at
Grosse Pointe was finished this afternoon.
Two races on the card— the 2:27 trot and
tho Hotel Normandie stake for 2:09 pacers
—were unfinished from yesterday. Re
sults:
2:27 class trotting, purse $1500 (unfinished yes
terday)— Larso won second, fourth and *flfth
heats. Time. 2:15>i. 2:17',4. 2:18. Queen Elea
nora won first and third heats and was second
Time, 2:17U, 2:1514. Khea third. Helen A.
Mabel G, Red Clirte, Bertha Baron, Keller's
Heelplate. LVwey, Parallo, George Gurnett and
Bret Herr also started.
Hotel Normandle stake, $2000. 2:03 class pace
(unfinished from yesterday) — Ilettie G won
third, fourth and firth heats. Time, 2:O7V>,
2:02H. 2 0S\4. \ RUey B won first and second
heats and was second. Time, 2:06'»i, 2:09'4.' Har
ry O third. Milton S, Connor, Nlcol B,' Jersey
Me. Colbert, Fannie Dillard, Clinton B and
Tom Wilkes also started.
Wayne Hotel stakes. 12000. 2:15 class nat^n*—
Wayne Hotel stakes, $2000, 2:15 class pacing—
Sidney Pointer won in straight heats. Tim«
2:ll>;. 2:11?;, 2:12Vi. Henry P second. The Ad
miral third. Arm. My Choice. RothaJ. Tom
Calhoun, Ferrum, Noellne and Lollta also
started. •
Merchants' and Manufacturers' consolation
stakes, J2000, 2:24 class trotting— Grade Onward
won second and third heats and race. Time
2:1S14. 2:16>i. Walter Kelm won first heat tn
2:17 and was second, Maud C third. George H.
Kay also started.
Chamber of Commerce consolation stakes
$1000. 2:24 pace— Pussey Willow- won second and
third heats and the race. Time. 2:14%i. 2:15^4.
George C won first heat in 2:12 and waa second.
Little Frank third. Mount Clemens Boy,
Duchess, Sport, Camscock, George Wheeler and
Fred Wilton also started.
2:21 class trot, purse J1500 — Boralmo won In
two Etraight heats. Time, 2:10%;, 2:1H4.
Georganna second, Ellert third. Ed Locke. Cut.
ting, Kate McCracken, Pilot Evans and llerry
ment' a '.so. started.
DAVENPORT, Iowa, July 21.— The trot
ting meeting of the Western grand cir
cuit closed to-day. The fastest time of
the meeting was recorded when Edith W
passed under the wire a winner in the
second heat of. the free-for-all pace In
2:07^. Results:
2:15 class pacing— Tombstone won in straight
heats. Time, 2:lU-i, 2:11. 2:1414. Country Girl
8<»cond, Pearl Sherbert third. Baby Floss, Black
Heart, Partltud*, ¦ Shrimp, Admiral Dewey,
Election Time, Rushwood, Dr! Pettit and Ce^
leste P. also started.
Free-tor-all trotting, puree J700 — Josephine
Dlxon won In straight heats. Time, 2:12 2*12»:
2:14',i- Red Star second. Pere Belle third -
2:30 class trottinft, purse $300— Gamin won in
straight heats. Time, 2:13li, 2:16, 2:14^. Lilly
Sllgo second. Lltaw third. Gray Billy. Eva.
Oosspatch, Bed Cherry. Baron Mont M J M*
John T and Doi;ie A also started. -
Free-for-all pacing, purse $700— Edith won
second, third and fourth heats. Time, 2:07U
2:09\;, 2:11%. Lord Roseberry won first heat in
2:lOV« and, waa second. B«ecfawood third.
Batteries— PhiUIppi and Zlmmer; Piatt and
Douglass. Umpire^ — Emslie.
BOSTON, July 21.— Both teams batted hard
tc-day, but great fielding by the Bostons kept
Chicago's hits scattered. Attendance 270).
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 0 5 4
Bostor. 9 14 1
Batteries— Griffiths and Donahue; Nichols
and Sullivan Umpire"— O' Day.
American League Games.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 21.— Indianapolis. 0;
Kansas City, 3.
DEHTOIT. July 21.— Detroit, 11; Minneapo
lis 2 - -A
CLEVELAND, July 21.— Cleveland, 2; Chl
ccgo, 1.
BUFFALO, July 2L— Buffalo, 3; Milwau
kee, 2.
GOLF MATCHES PLAYED
ON HAPPY VALLEY LINKS
Two Competing Teams Play the First
of a Series of Three
Games.
Two teams of ladies of the San Rafael
Golf Club, one captained by Mrs. R. Gil
man Brown and the other by Mrs. Frank
S. Johnson, began a series of three games
over eighteen holes, match play, on the
Happy Valley links yesterday morning at
i* o'clock. One round was played in the
forenoon and the other in the afternoon.
The players in each team were ranked in
the order of their skill, Mrs. R. G. Brown
being matched against Miss Alice C. Hoff
man. In the morning Mrs. Brown was
two down in her match against Miss Hoff
man, but in the afternoon she wiped off
the score against her and ended the second
eight up, or six up on the two rounds.
Miss Eaith McBean being absent, her op
ponent, Mrs. F. H. Green, received two
holes. Mrs. Frank Johnson received two,
Mrs. Heazelton not being: present. The full
results are shown in the table:
SAN RAFAEL GOLF CLUB— LADIES' TEAM
MATCH PLAY.
tor to let us shoot on his property. He
said that a short time ago two well
dressed men did the same thing, and while
he was away made a dessert of the dairy.
I told him we had been weaned and he
turned us loose on his land.
"We went after do\'es. I saw one. It
was in a cage alongside the milkhouse,
and whatever slaughter I may have com
mitted was not for lust of game but for
spite on account of that foundry hotel. I
will never go huntins again, so help me."
Georce says that Morrisey did not shed
a drop of blood, but that he got lost in
the brush and alarmed the dairy with his
vociferations. After watching Mr. Mor
rlsey's manner of handling a gun the
stage carpenter decided to take the shells
from the manager's weapon, and as a re
sult there were no casualties. It is stated
on good authority that when Mr. Morrisey
and his trusted servitors reached the
OrphHim safely they knelt down and
lifted' up their voices to the Providence
that had permitted them to reach home
without beinp shot.
While he brought back no trophies ex
cept a good sample of poison oak. Mor
risey is proud of two things— the fact that
he sallied forth in hiprh collar, white hat.
light suit and patent leathers and was not
arrested, and that his long deferred va
cation extended over a period of fourteen
and a half hours.
JOIIN MORRISEY has taken that
lonp-threatened vacation. . This
statement may bo received with In
credulity by his numberless friends,
but Mr. Morrisey acknowledges the corn,
and in extenuation states that he was in
veigled into the act; that the act was the
result of mental aberration and will never
be repeated.
The famous manager of the Orpheum
has been so busy during the past five
years crowding twenty-five hundred peo
ple into his playhouse seven nights in the
week, with three matinees thrown in, that
he has had no opportunity to go forth and
devastate the game preserves of the State.
However, he has finally "went" and' he
"has came." His account of the affair is
probably the most accurate.
"I did not seek this notoriety," said Mr.
Morrisey apologetically. "It was thrust
upon me. A supposed friend of mine in
vited me to go shooting on Papinta'3
ranch. Papinta is the noted dancer, you
know, and while I had first thought of
going to Colorado or the Northwest in
search of big game, I concluded that the
ranch near Concord and small birds would
do. So I bought a swell outfit, and ac-
companied by George, the stage carpenter,
and the Orpheum mepsenRer. I took the
11:30 p. m. boat for Oakland to meet my
friend. We stood in the fog until 2 a. m.
and then sought shelter. J think we en
tered a foundry, but the messenger says
it wan an electric power house. Maybe tt
was, for it stopped occasionally and got
a better start on it* noise factory. Tho
room 1 had looked like a panel- job, and I
asked the clerk to send up a plumber to
shut off the pas sure, and he said 1 would
be all right if I didn't blow it out. Then
I went to bed with my trusty shotgun by
my head. I had trouble with that pros
perity foundry and was finally entering 1
into dreamland when the clerkicalled me.
He got me mixed up with the; man who
wanted to arise at the ungodly hour of
4:30. What I said is immaterial. Then
I got rattled and tried to get out into tha
balmy Oakland air. There were five doom
in my room, all painted black, and I got
the wrong door and raised a female
shriek that haunts me still. I'm alive be
cause the head of the family was not at
hftme.
"There was another hour of wait and
fog and the messenger then drove me out
into tho wilderness eight miles. If ho
missed a rock or a rut it was not his
fault and he should not be censured. Then
wo pot down to business. We tackled a
nice looking man v.ho runs a milk gencra-
ILLUSTRATIONS FROM "WHEN MANAGER MORRISEYTOOK HIS VACATION." '
Stockton 7, Oakland 1.
Nothing but accident* and slow baseball
were thrust at the fanatics yesterday
afternoon during the diamond fight for
the "booby" prize. The tail ender* were
on deck and the bad ones from Oakland
were very bad Indeed. The new Mr. Jones
twirled for the fancy Brummela and the
Millers ground him to powder, while
Whalen of Stockton was practically un
touched.
In the second Inning Lockhead, original
ly a short «top, who never let* a ball pass
him, stopped everything In Might. a»
usual. This time he took the epheroid
on the medulla oblongata an»i for three
minutes wan oblivious to the game, but
pretty much of an astronomer. The n»:.\t
Inning Courtney, who came to the plate
as if he were shooting the chutes, collid
ed with diminutive Mangerina. Both were
laid out and some U-gpulling restored
Mangerina, but Courtney, whose cords
were twisted, wan forced to retire from
the game. The fourth brought a punch
in the stomach to Hutchinson, whose wind
forsook him for a time. Then to cap the
climax Whalen broke a bat, giving the
laugh to Lockhead's cranium. That Is
the lint of casualties. No deaths.
Stockton found the going easy In the
first two Innings. At the outset McCarthy
reached the Initial sack on a hit to right,
purloined the next bag and made a pedes
tal of third on Pace's single to left. Then
there was some verdant playing on the
part of the Dudes, who tried to chut out
Pace at second and McCarthy at the plate
with equal lack of success. McCarthy
scored.
In the second the Millers had a merry
time. Lockhead's top piece was made a
target of. so McGucken did the running:.
Lockhead going to the benches with a
halo about his head. Then Babbitt went to
first on Jones' error and Moore followed
by Lange's bad throw to second, filling
the bags. A base on balls to Courtney
forced McGucken. Then Whalen flew to
left, Babbitt scoring on the throw in.
After that Oakland was awake for a
minute, shutting out Moore and Courtney
when they attempted to land at the rub
ber. The last out not only retired the
side but also Courtney who came in col
lision with Mangerina, necessitating some
leg pulling.
In the third the Dudes fell to plate
scraping. Two men had come and gone
when Hutchinson reached first on Lock
head's error and stole second, scoring on
Francks' hit. Francks tried to make two
bags en the hit, but died at 6econd.
McCarthy crossed the rubber in the
fifth, making the score. 4-1 in Stockton's
favor.
The eighth brought three runs to Stock
ton. McCarthy started with a hit and
McGucken Jogged to first on four bad
ones. Then Pace made a hit, scoring Mc-
Carthy. Another hit, this time by LoVrlc
head, scored McGucken and Pace. After
that Moore reached first on a hit, but the
side was soon retired by three successive
deaths. The score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f 5 3 3 3 0 0 6
McGucken, c. f., r. f. 3 1 2 0 1 0 0
Pace, c 4 13 0 4 2 0
Streib. lb.... 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
I,ockhead, 2b 3 110 111
Babbitt. l>. s 4 10 0 4 5 0
Moore, 3b 4 0 10 2 3 1
Courtney, c. f 0 0 0 0 0 0- 0
Whalen. p » 0 0 0 1 J 0!
Harper, r. f 3 0 0 0 2 10
Total 33 7 10 3 27 13 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. j
Drennan. c. t 3 0 0 0 2 0 0|
Manjterlna. c 4 0 0 0 3 3 0
Hutchinson, lb 4 1 0 1 15 0 1
Francks. s. s 4 0 2 0 3 6 0
Mosklman. 1. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Arrellanes. 2b 4 0 10 0 5 0
Held. r. t 3 0 10 4 10
Lange, 3b 2 0 0 0 0 0 1
Jones, p 3 0 0 0 0 4 1
Totals 31 1 4 1 27 IS 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINOS."
Stockton 1 200X0030—7
Base hits 2 0 10 2 0 0 4 1—10
Oakland 0 01000000 — 1
Base hits 0 2100000 1—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Jones 4. Two-ba*e hit—
Francks. Sacrifice hits— Pace, McGucken. First
bare on errors— Stockton 3. Oakland 2. First
base on called balls— Stockton 2. Oakland 2.
Left on bases— Stockton 4, Oakland 4. Struck
out— By Whalen 4. Hit by pitcher— Lockhead.
Double play — Held to Hutchinson. Passed ball
— Pace. Time of same — 1:50. Umpire — O" Con
nell. Official scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
DEFEAT FOR HANK.
Champions First to Break the £ong
Lucky Streak.
SACRAMENTO. July 21.— Sacramento
won to-day's game from San Francisco
by a score of two to nothing. It was a
pitchers' battle from start to finish, and
at the end honors were about easy.
Hughes pitched three innings and was
then relieved by Doyle. Iburg- did the
boxwork for Uncle's men and pitched
championship ball. Only five hits were
made off his delivery. In the first Inning
a base on balls and a hit by Eagan
brought in a run, and in the seventh hits
by Hanlon and Stanley scored the other.
Score; •
AB. R. BH.'TB. PO.'A. E
McLaughlln. 1. f S 1 0 0 2 0 6
Devereauz, 3b 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Eaean. s. s 4 0 2 3 0 4 a
Hughes, p. & r. t 4 0O0O10
Hanlon lb 3 1 1 1 12 0 0
Stanley, c 3 0 117 2 0
Doyle, r. t. & p..... 3 0 0 0 16 0
Shanahan. c. f 3 0 1 1 S 0 O
Ktulz. 2b S 0 0 0 l 1 0
Totals 30 J 5 5 17 15 j
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. TB PO A V
Brockhoff. c. f 3 0 0 0 loo
lllldebrand. I. f 4 01 i i 0 X
Pabst. lb 1 0 1 l ii a 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 6 n X
Knell. 2b 3 0 0 « 0 3 n
Krug, s. f 4 0 1 1 4 , ,
Reilly. 3b 4 0 0 0 1 s I
Fitzpatrick. r, f 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Ibursr. p 3 0 11 0 3 0
Total8 M 0 4 4 U 12 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.'
Sacamento 1 0 0 <y 0 0 1 o •_!
Base hits 1 1 0 0 0 1 * n . -
S"> Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O M
B««» 1 its 0 0101100 M
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— I bur* 1 s apr i«,. ....
Pabst. First base on error.-Sacram^tlf i h "~
Francisco 2. First bas^on caliefl Sfn, & ban
mento l. San Francisco (off Hartm T^ n^ A?T
2) 4. Left on ba«e^gacramemo ""few JSi'
Cisco 5. Struck out— By Hurtni V 1 n "
by Iburg 6. Double Plays-Hulhes , Y yle , **
-l:^ Umpire-Dcna^ue^^fflSaT 8 £E£
.»™r^™'^^^is'v h ,v» bu '^
a home run. h!,£cort in SS^SSFtT" and on "
would be eight Verv n^tlv. ? l bMe column
greater number of Wt. than raakln * a
etc., being equal) loses tm. i h \ other <erro ".
•auXeT£^^^
henceforth be found ."'the „££« ba3cs ' *»»
Courtney and Mangerina Collide, the
Former Being Disabled — Lockhead
It Hl't on the Head—Hutch
inson's Stomach Suffers.
Stockton Wins a Game That
Was Replete With
Accidents.
DUDES DISPLAY
STRONG LIKING
FOR LAST PLACE
NEW YORK. July 21.— The third and
last day of the national rowing- regatta
on the speedway course of the Harlem
River was concluded this afternoon before
15,003 enthusiastic spectators. The Vespers
of Philadelphia won the Paris fours. Greer
of Boston took the association singles, F.
de Mourelli of New Orleans captured the
intermediate sJngle.s, the Crescents of
Philadelphia carried off the intermediate
double scull event, the Nassau Boat Club
of New York crossed the line first in the
intermediate fours event, Rumohr made
a row-over for the championship singles
ar.d the Vespers got by the judges first in
the Paris eights after a fierce struggle.
All the races were rowed with the current
except the Paris, which happened when
the tide commenced to turn.
In the Paris fours shell tht starters were
the Vespers of Philadelphia, Waehusetts
of Worcester, Mass., and Institutes of
Newark. The Vespers won by three
lengths, with the Waehusetts a length
and a half ahead of the Institutes.
In the association singles there were five
starters— Marsh of Toronto, Titus of New
Orleans. Greer of Boston, Kubic of Spring
field and Bond of Philadelphia. Greer won
by three lengths from Marsh. Titus was
third, two lengths back.
Three ambitious young scullers, F. Greer
of Boston. F. de Mourelli of New Orleans
and J. B. Nial of Troy, turned out for the
intermediate singles. Greer led for the
first quarter, with De Mourelli second and
Nial close up. De Mourelli crossed the
finish line two lengths ahead of Greer.
and Nial was third, a half-length behind
Greer.
Four crews— the Crescents of Philadel
phia, Unions and Nonpareils of New York
and Laureates of Troy— faced the starter
for the intermediate double scull event.
Just befoie patsing the half-mile the
Crescents drew away from the others and
were never challenged to the finish, cross
ing the line four lengths ahead of the
Unions. The Laureates were a close third
and the Nonpareils finished last.
The Nassau Boat Club of New York won
on easy victory in the Intermediate event.
Three crews were entered, but only two,
the Nassaus and Detroits. came to the
tturt. Nassau led to tliR mile and a quar
ter mark, and were about to be passed by
the Detroits when the Detroit stroke,
Warman Baldwin, keeled over and faint
ed. The crew stopped rowing and the
Nassaus struggled on to the finish.
In the championship singles Ten Eyck
did not go to the scratch, and Rumohr
was Riven a row-over. Ten Eyck gave no
reason for withdrawing, but simply sent
word he did not feel Inclined to row.
Excitement was at boiling point when
the Vespers. Knickerbockers and Bohe
mians appeared for the Paris eights. The
Bohemians were first to catch the water
and led for about 100 yards, when the
Knickerbockers forged ahead for a few
seconds. Then the Vespers by a fierce
struggle pot the lead and kept it to the
end. winning by three lengths. At the
three-quarter mile mark the Bohemians
fouled the Knickerbockers and were
promptly disqualified by the referee
Paris Eights Is Won by the Vespers
Crew in a Fierce Struggle
Amid Intense Ex
citement.
Ten Eyck Refuses to Enter
the Championship Singles
Against Rumohr.
ROWING REGATTA
ON THE HARLEM
IS CONCLUDED
Ppocial DiFpatch to The Call
VALLEJO. July 21.— The attendance at
the track this afternoon, the closing day
of tlie very Kuccessful race meet, wais the
largest of the week. The field was crowd
ed with vehicles of all descriptions and a
delegation from iienicia contributed to
the va^t throng gathered in th«? grand
stand. The eport wa^s not marred by ac
cident or incident of any kind. But four —
Phoebe Childers. Add-on. Dr. Frasse and
Hazel Kinney— Marled in the 2:12 trot, the
feature of the programme. In the auction
jjooling Phoebe Ctlllder*. over which G.
i.<r. ¦ '..i::i held the ribbons, sold at 10 to ti
choi'e i-.K^ '.::>! her lield. At the word in
the opening heat Phoebe at onee went out
In the lead and, never extended, won
handily from Dr. Fra.^se and she repeat
ed the trick Sn the next heat, and it looked
ail over but the torchlight parade. At this
juncture the books \yt-r»» laying- 3 to 1 on
the !if!d and the drivers after a caucus
concluded to go berry picking.
Alter leading to the back stretch turn in
the thnd heat Hodge*, behind Ha.i-.-i Kin
ney. passed the favorite and, not headed,
reached the wire two lengths before the
oddf-on choice in 2:134. But in the fourth
and concluding heat Hazel Kinney stubbed
.her toe on the back Ftr^tch, whether in
tentionally or not it is hard to say, and
Phoebe jogged home in 2:14. Previous to
this tri;> Dr. Frasse went lame and was
<irawn, Addisen taking third money.
Judging from the Marters in the race
for Ber.icia road horses that town cannot
boast about Its hor:*ef.e.«h. Gus O turned
up winner in three straight heats, while
the other three starter* snouid have been
post marked and consigned to the abat- :
to:r.
A mile bicycle race drew out a b!g bunch
of rid< rs-, Gail Harden burg acting as pace
iriak.-r. Charies Miller, the crack local j
rider, disposed of his company without !
effort and N. Bovree U-d Thomas Vice Jr. j
over the line for second money.
The tix furlong sprint for runners saw '
Johnny Campbell's ESI Mido again a win- j
mr. True Blue, with U'ti pounds and Billy j
Applcby in the saddle, rated an even ;
money choice. At the start Little Sister j
hookt'd up -with ihe favorite, running aj
close second to the stretoh. where she ¦
quit. A furlo; ; from the stand the ,
bunch dosed on the leader and a fierce ;
drive esisued. Squeezing through a very j
narrow space Gaffney landed El Mido first j
by a length, with Tenrica. Tlue Blue and i
Grand Sac ?m linishins ?hcrt heads ai'art j
In tht- order named.
Manzanilla was served up a piping hot j
favorite for the five nnd a half furlong!
spin, ridden by Connell. After Ojai had j
led to the stretch, little Brouien. with the ]
leg up on the S6-pound'_T, Candlelight, as- •
sumed the front position and, ridden out, i
passed the judges a comfortable winner I
over the first choice and San Augustine, j
After the race Katherl;'.nd, who rode j
Whitcomb, and Bennett, the pilot of
O.iai, cr.gagrd in a st-t-to in front of the 1
pt'and, which was cut short by one of the j
track officers. Thf- former rider claimed ¦
Bennett interfered with his mount. The ¦
¦winner was 3 to 1. and his win proved a ;
dainty break for the books. Summary:
Trcttlnir. I:!! cla?». purse tZOO:
Phoebe ChiMer*. b. m.. by Sir Rhoderic-
Mariha \Ya>h (Uaphami 1 12 1
]•;.•••: Kinney, b. m. , by McKinney
<H«yJ»r*M 3 3 12
Add-on, blk. %., bv Jam's Madison iLaf
f>rty> 4 4 I 3
I>r. Frcs?*. b. h., by Iran Alto <Bunoh).2 !<d
T!hp- 1:15. ::!.'.. ::!¦/-», 2:14.
B»clc:a road hcrs's. h»at.«, two in three, purse
|:no:
<ius C. b. h.. bj- Gladiator (J. R. Cuddy). ...1 1
Dan L, b. £•. by Dexter (J. Smith) 2 J
Jie'.le. Kk. m.. by Marr.brino (M. II. Cor-
ooranj 3 J
Nellie, ft. m.. by Kugene Ca;=««>r!y (W. H.
Vuarnry) 4 4
Tlm*-2:M>,. 2:47.
Fix fur!r>nir5. i—Ilir.c. purse $15":
J. *?. Campbell's b. 6- El Mido, 1C>9 (GaSney).
2 TO 1 1
Miss M. Ol Connell's br. g. Tenrica, 100 (H.
Smith), 30 to 1 2
W. U. Aprleby & Co.'s «-h. g. True Blue, 12S
• Aipleby). even 3
Time— 1:1 «'i.
Puranro 100. Romany 107. Horr»stake 107.
Grand Pa^hem 111, Little Ulster 107 and March
6even SS also rur..
Five ar.d a half furlong*, selling, purse 3100:
Miss Kthel King's ch. c. Candlelight, 89
• HrxxJirn), 3 to 1 1
IT. E. Whitman's blk. rn. Manzanllla. S7 (Con
r»]I>. even 2
J. Wc-bb's b. g. San Augurtine, 303 fCoIlin?).
4 to 1 3
Time— 1 :0TU.
raulin* J 105. Rieardo W. Judge Fhropfhlre 97.
Hey <1e Los AnEel»-« 97, Ojal 101, Christine 97
ana Wfcttcomb 103 also ran.
Plioebe Childers Very Easily Wins
the 2:12 Trot From Addison,
Dr. Frasse and Hazel
Kinney.
BIG CROWD AY
VALLEJO TRACK
ON LAST DAY
Successful and the Sport
Excellent.
Recent Meeting Was Entirely
A good card of coursing was run off m
the first round of the eighty-eight dog open
stake yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
Favorites held their own throughout the
afternoon, although a few upsets were re
corded at good odds. Bald Eagle, quoted
at 6 to 1. took the flag from Bad Boy. The
talent took a chance at these big odds, as
Bad Boy has teen on the shelf for some
time with a bad leg and has not rounded
up to expectations.
Vulcan ran In great shape, leading Sweet
Emma in a bye about four lengths. He
meets Bohe In the second round to-day,
and Judging from the form h» displayed
In the rundown his chances of getting the
flag from Perigo's fast black one look
good.
Lexington, a 2 to 1 favorite, went oat
to Thornhlll after having things his own
way. He allowed Thornhiil tie the score,
and even then would not make an effort
to reach the game. "When close to tha
fence he seemed afraid and kept away,
Thornhlll taking the turn and kill.
The raising of the red flag after tho
course between Sweet Music and Anchor
served to make the talent say some hard
things of Curtis & Son's entry- Anchor
was a favorite at the almost prohibitive
» odds of 3 to 1. Favor of tho hare had
I much to do with deciding the course, but
as Sweet Music went to the front Anchor
lost heart and could not get on the game
j again.
Floodgate showed grand form— the best
i of the day. He gained a lead of six
j lengths over Beauty Spot and ran all
I around her. Floodgate stands a good
! chance for the stake, and with the izn-
I provement he has shown lately is likely to
1 be an important factor In any company.
Mose. on the short end at 2H to 1. beat
¦ Candelaria anJ showed his old-time form.
j Auckland also ran a good race. Pepita beat
| Agamemnon after an undecided. At the
j first attempt Agamemnon led well, but in
, the run. when c 2 to 1 favorite, went to
pieces and scored but one point against
I Peplta's eight.
Royal Flush did not show any too well,
but it is a trick of his to come back strong
on the second day.
The winners for to-day In the second
round look to be Maud S. Twin City Girl.
Royal Flush, Sir Pasha, May Hempstead.
The Grafter. St. Michael. Rural Artist.
Mose, Sara. Vulcan. Wanda. Peplta. May
flower. Floodgate. Controller. Battleship,
Sweet Music. For Glory. Royal Union, Kid
McCoy and Crawford Braes.
Vulcan. Floodgate. The Grafter ar.d
Royal Flush have a good chance to get
well down the card.
Crawford Braes beat O'Hara in tho last
course of the day at the false odds of 4
to 1.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Op^n stake: First round— Kay Brothers'
i Hawker beat J. McNeil's Blackha-wk. 2-0; Cur
tis & Son's Maud S beat J. M. Halton's Tic
I Tac. 5-0: S. Handy's Twin City Girl b*at D.
Toland's Pleasant Girl. 4-3; George Sharman s
Walt-a-Blt beat J. R. Smith's Victor Queen.
3-2; J. J. Edraond's Morning- Glory beat M. J.
Welch's All 1 Male. 5-0: F. A. McComb'a Morn
iny Glory beat P. Brophy'a Benlcia Boy. 10-T:
M. Dunlea's Erin beat J. Holden's Scottla.i
Chief. 11-7: F. A. AleCsmb'i Sir Pajha beat
I'a.-«ha Kennels* Rollicking -Vir~. » i. K. T>
Fallon's'Lily of the West beat Jeff Martenett'a
Sally Brass, 10-5; Pasha Kennela" May Hernp
otead beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Wattleblossom,
IS- i: Pasha Kennels' Royal Ann* beat \V.
Creamer's Onward. «-5: P. J. Rellly's Th»
i Grafter beat W. C. Glasson's Santonin, 10-3;
J. P. Thrift's St. Michael beat Puna Kennels'
Recording Ansel. 7-4; T. J. Cronin'B Thorn
hill beat H. Lynch's Lexington. 11-3; Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Belle Claire beat E. M. K*V
logg's Sweet Emma. 10-4; Pasha Kennels' Ru
ral Artist a bye: J. R. Smith's Jennie Wllsoa
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo. 14-3: R. L.
Taylor's Mose beat Curtis & Sons' Candelaria.
9-7; R. K. de B. Lopez's Sara beat J.
Unrres' F.Ie\-enspot. 3-0; H. Lyneh's Lottl M
beat Chlarlni's Bros.' Brass Buttons, 8-1;
Curtis & Sons' Vulcan, a bye; J. H. Perrtgo's
Bohe beat II. A. Deckelman's Lawrence, 5-3;
It. K. de B. Lopez's Wanda beat K. Geary's
America, 8-1; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle beat
Maher &. Reed'a Bad Boy, 7-3: Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Rosie Claire beat Erwin & Lyon'a
Silver Lyon. #-9; R. E. de B. Lopez's Peptta
btat Aenetd Kennels' Apamemnon. 9-1: T.
Tearney's Tea Rose beat Captain Cane's States
man, 19-3; J. Sutton's Mayflower beat T. J.
Cronin's Wild Tralee, 4-1: G. Nethercott't
Floodgate beat R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot,
8-2; Erwin & Lyon's Silver Wines beat W. C.
Glasson's Sleigh Bells. S-4: E. M. Hello?*/*
Ben's Babe beat Chtarlnl Bros.* Bunco Bill.
6-2; J. H. Perrtsro's Cnntroller beat J. Sutton's
Master Lawrenre. 7-1 ; D. Winders" Random -
Aim beat Russell. Allen ft Wilson's Mag>«, s-4;
J. Byrnes' Battleship beat R. E. de B. Lopei's
Crawford Lad. 3-2; Captain Cane's Miss Pen
man beat E. M. Kellopg's Hummer. 8-«; R. P.
Julian's Sweet Music beat Curtis A Sons' An
chor. B-4:J. Carroll's Auckland beat A. John
son's LowlandeT, 11-5; Sterl *; Knowles' For
Glory beat James Sheridan's Forest Klnjr. 8-1:
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured beat James Sher
idan's Forest Queen. 5-1; P. J. Rellly's Royal
Union" beat N. J\ Whltlng-'s St. Anthony. »-d-
E. M. Kellogg' s Kid McCoy beat H. A. Deck
elman's Glen Chtoe, 11-:; u. A. Deckelman's
Snapshot beat Jeff Martenetfs Slim. 2-0; J.
Matter's Swedish beat Georg-» N'etljerootf«
Freda C. 10-6; C. B. Char lesworth' s Crawford
Braes beat Sterl & Knowles' O* Hara. 13-5.
Sweet Music in a Close Course Gets
the Flag From Anchor, an
Eight to One Fa- /%
vorite.
Clever Dogs Show Good
Sport in the Run-Down
at Union Park.
FAST FLOODGATE
IS FANCIED TO
WIN THE STAKE
MANAGER OF THE ORPHEUM
HAS HIS VACATION TROUBLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
Masons Will Have New Home.
32
NAMES. , I l*p. 1
R. G. Brown 0
I. J. Wiel 0
M. Gerstle 0
C. ChriBtensen... 3 j
<"". P. Fomeroy... 6 |
K. M. Greenway. 0 !
Tctftl S I
| j NAMES. Up.
HK. J. McCutchen 2
M. Dore 6
Dr. I>. Arnold... J8
j A. A. Curtis 0
I W. O'Connor 0
! C. Belden 10
I i Total jo
Mrs. Johnson's
Team.
m
Mrs. Brown's I
Team. Up.
Mi«s A. Hoffman
Mies K. Me Bean.
Mrs. K. Johnson.
Mr?. I. J. Wlel...
Mrs. W. Gerstle.
i
Miss Cof grave...]
1 ( :
Mr*. R. G. Brown 6
Mrs. F. H. Green *'2
Mrs. G. Heazelt'n •
Mrs. M. Geretle. 4
Mrs. C. Christen-
ten 0
Mrs. Buckbee.... 7
Total I
I— !
! Totals I 13
NAMES. , I l*p. 1
R. G. Brown 0
I. J. Wiel 0
M. Gerstle 0
C. ChriBtensen... 3 j
<"". P. Fomeroy... 6 |
K. M. Greenway. 0 !
Tctftl S I
| j NAMES. Up.
HK. J. McCutchen 2
M. Dore 6
Dr. I>. Arnold... J8
j A. A. Curtis 0
I W. O'Connor 0
! C. Belden 10
I i Total jo
Mrs. Johnson's
Team.
m
Mrs. Brown's I
Team. Up.
Mi«s A. Hoffman
Mies K. Me Bean.
Mrs. K. Johnson.
Mr?. I. J. Wlel...
Mrs. W. Gerstle.
i
Miss Cof grave...]
1 ( :
Mr*. R. G. Brown 6
Mrs. F. H. Green *'2
Mrs. G. Heazelt'n •
Mrs. M. Geretle. 4
Mrs. C. Christen-
ten 0
Mrs. Buckbee.... 7
Total I
I— !
! Totals I 13
I^N, Strictly Reliablit
j|s<r*d Dr. Talcott
& CO.
fY^TjfjV Diseases and
V^^T^i Weakness of
WBONLY
BY FAU THE MOST FREQUEN'T CAL'Sn
cf nervous alccrders of the male Is
A Damaged Prostate Gland.
The Prostate Gland (so-called neck of blad-
C*r) is a structure \ r »ry rich In nerves. When
the terminations of these nerves are kept in a
constant fUte of excltense'nt, by ehronl: in-
Sammatory rroccsres. it a] l^ars very clear
that by transmission of thh« Irritatjon to other
rerves tlie patient may be subject to nervous
pbenorr.ena cf the roost varied character. Pre-
maturrcess. Loss c f Vitality, etc.. are not
«caknoF»r«. but symptoms of this lnflamma-
t'.or.. %\> heve prepared a colored chart, which
wt ttIII een<J, free on application, by which any
9ne interested ran readily understand why. if
tic has been treated for a weakness, he has not
been cured. We particularly solicit this class
it cases, and can proslsa a speedy cur*.
397 Market St., Cor. Sixth.
SENT FREE TO MEN !
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suflerins of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
ia a home treatment, and all men who
suiter with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, prematur*
loss *of strength rnd memory. w«ak back.
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly jrratef:!
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving atren«;i
¦ nd development just where it !s needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles tfca:
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A reauest to t&»
State Medical Institute. 323 Elefctros
buUdlnjf. FQrt Wayne. Ind.. statin* tha:
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ape* will b* complied with promptly. Th»
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable w
leave hom« to be treated, and the fre»
rample will enable them to see how ta37
Jt Is to be cured of sexual weakness w£«
the proper remedies ar© employed- "»»»
Institute make* n« restriction*. Any m«^
who writes .will be sent a free samp|«;
carefully sealed In a plain packaara. H
that ita recipient need have no '»* r J_
embarrassment or publicity. Reader* aiw
rt^uested to wrtta without delay. —
ADVERTISEMENTS.OAKLAND. July 21.— Following: is the
list of clerks rlr-ctcd hy school board? in
Alameda County as reported to County
Superintendent of Schools Crawford: Al
ameda. C\ C Hughes; Alvarado, I. V.
Ralph: Alviso. A. A. Bettencourt; Arro
Valle. E. W. Hall: 13ray, Walter M. Ax
tell: Berkeley. M. L. Hanscom; Center
ville. J. G. Mattos Jr.; Decoto. F. "*V.
Meyer: Eden Vale. Joseph Haberlng: Eu
reka. Frank Dennis; Fruitvale. W. S.
Duniovy; Highland. Chester Young; Inde
ptn<le:»t. K. P. Manter; Lacoste. M. A.
Cardoza; I-iverinore. George Beck; Lock
wod. G. "\V. Hazelton: May. J. C. Poter
5on: Melrope, A. H. Ron no; Midway. A.
O. Barthold: Mission San Jose. Joseph
Sunderer; Mocho. Amos Clark: Murray.
Thomas Gnon; Newark. Julius Wilder;
Oakland. J. W. McClymonds; Peralta. C.
W. AUeson: Russell. I«ouis C. Walter;
Redwood. J. E. King: RoKcdale, C. F. Lo
herty: Stony Brook. S. S. Dremen: Sum
mit. K. H. Sherman: ITnlon. F. li. Wil
liams; Vallecitos. Joseph Bille; Vista. II.
T. Overacker; Valle Vista, Henry L. Fred
derson: Warm Springs. H. B. Valpey;
Washington. H. -D. Ford.
COUNTY SCHOOL BOARDS
NAME THEIR CLERKS
OAKLAND. July 21.— The Vedanta class,
which is composed of students of the doc
trines promulgated by the Hindu, Swam!
Vivekananda, will establish a school in
San Antonio Valley, about forty miles
from San Jose. The land. 100 acres, is at
the end" of a twelve-mile drive directly
east from Mount Hamilton. Upon the ar
rival here of theSwamiTuriyanada details
of the projected school will be at hand.
The land has been donated for the estabr
llshment of a "Shanta Ashrana." Persons
who desire to join the party for the sum
mer will have to provide tents, stores and
housekeeping utensils, to pay their own
expenses and to assist in the support of
the Swaml. j . ,
SUMMER SCHOOL OF
HINDOO THEOSOPHISTS
To Settle Labor Strike.
OAKLAND. July 2l-The Longshore
mens* Union arid the lumber dealers have
been holding separate meetings looking
toward a settlement of the dispute con
cerning wages and hours, which caused
a strike. While the employers have met
the union's demands temporarily, there
is doubt whether the scale will be ac
cepted as a permanent schedule. The sit
uation is not a serious one, and both em
ployer and employe are looking for a
peaceful settlement of the difficulty.
WIDELY KNOWN FOR HER
CHARITABLE DEEDS
OAKLAND, July 21.-Mrs. Cornelia E.
Van Amringe, widely known for deeds of
charity in Oakland, died this morning at
her residence. 1730 Xinth avenue, after a
brief illness. Mrs. Van Amrinpe was iden
tified with a number of charitable Institu
tions and was prominent in church cJr
cles. beins especially well known in the
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church. She was
the mother of Dr. David A Van Am
ringe. John E. Van Amringe." Mrs. F B
Hoyt and Mrs. J. A. Gamble. The funerai
will be held from the late residence at °
o'clock Monday afternon. Rev. C M Hill
will officiate. nu
Caught In an Elevator.
OAKLAND, July 21.— John Quigley, re
sidinsr at K» Filbert street, had his left
foot badly crushed by a freight elevator
to-day at the California Preserving
Works. He was treated at the Receiving
HoSDiLOl
Will Lose Her Property.
OAKLAND. July 2L— Mrs. Mathrtta
Meetz. widow of Theodore Meetz. tiia lato
street railway owner of Alameda. wa_i
made defendant in a suit filed to-day by
the German Savings and Loan Society to
foreclose a mortgage of. $14,500 on fifteen
pieces of realty in Alameda.
liquor Brought Death.
OAKLAND, July 2L-Robert JL Xefl. t%
saloon-keeper at S02 Clay street, waa
found dead in bed this morning at his
home over tho saloon. Xell had been
drinking heavily for several daya and na4
been ill from the effects of hi3 debauch.
Tho- Coroner will hold an Inquest Tues
day.
OAKLAND, July 21. — Everything 1 13 In
readiness now for Contractor A. E. Bar
rett to commence work on the new library
building. The contract was signed to
night at a meeting of the library board
with Contractor Barrett. All the errors
in the contractor's bid were corrected dur
ing a conference held yesterday afternoon
between Mr. Barrett and City Attorney
Dow. The entire cost of the building is
to come within $47,000.
TWO OAKLAND THEATERS
TO PRESENT "CINDERELLA"
OAKLAND. July 21.— Both the Macdon
ough and Dewey theaters will present the
extravaganza "Cinderella" next week.
The rival stock companies are each pre
paring a production that will outdo tho
other. At the Dewey all the scenes have
been painted up and special costumes have
been made for the occasion. At the Mac
donough no less effort is being made to
dazzle the public eye with the brilliancy of
stage settings. .:-~\ \-
OAKLAND. July 21.-Thf Building
Trades Council has in hand plans for a
great demonstration on Labor day. The
unions affiliated with the council propose
to celebrate the "holiday with such a turn
out as win indicate the strength of their
organizations. ..^
Committees are now actively working
up the preliminary matters. The success
of the finance committee in securing funds
and articles of value for gate prizys has
lwn equaled by no other working^ body
nf men. All of the leaders in labor af
fairs in Oakland have taken an interest
in the matter juid to forward the suc
cess of the day urge the mechanics to ex.
«>rt every effort to arouse enthusiasm
aranpg their fellows.
The members of the finance committee*
ere: \V. J. Baccus, Bricklayers' Union i
Georgp FitzcoraUl. Plumbers' Union; J.
R. Bowtn. Lathers' Union: William E.
Scully. Painters' Union: J. V. Frates. Car
penters' Union; J. II. Mullen, Cement
Worker*' Union.
There is a sub-committee composed of
the following named: Charles Clubb.
Bricklayers" Union: J. S. Kennoy. Plumb
ers' Union: Ted Mercer. John Sath, Ala
meda: N. T. Taggart. M. B. Manning. H.
J. Edwards. Daniel Crawford. James Peg
man. J. Lewis and Samuel Ferris.
UNION MECHANICS TO
CELEBRATE LABOR DAY
MAIL DELIVERY FOR THE
RESIDENTS OF HAYWARDS
OAKLAND. July 21.— Haywards and vi
cinity are now having their mail delivered
daily. Two rural mail delivery routes
have been established. Each route dis
tributes mail to one hundred subscribers.
The subscribers have all agreed to put up
mail boxes.
A large portion of Castro Valley is cnv
ered by runte number one. Route" number
two runs west from Haywards and as far
as San I-orenzo.v John C. Bay is in charge
of route number one. with W. C. Bay as
substitute. M. J-5, Templetnn is responsible
for number 2. J. H. Michaelson being his
substitute. In each district the postal
authorities have established five deposit
boxes, from which the mail matter is
gathered once each day. The County In
firmary is included in the service.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, July 21.
. Because of mental distress and physical
exhaustion, caused by being lost in Oak
land while searching for her husband,
Mrs. Edward Earle, wife of the rector of
the Red Bluff Episcopal church, who has
been officiating in this city, is in a critical
condition at St. Luke's Hospital In San
Francisco. For days she was deliricus,
end even now the attending surgeons fear
the result of a serious surgical operation
which will be resorted to in the hope of
saving her life.
The circumstances surrounding: Mrs.
Earle's collapse are unusual. Her hus
band had been stopping at Oakland oi> hi3
way to Ked Bluff to occupy the pulpr. of
the Church of the Advent, East Oakland,
during the vacation of Rev. William Car
son Shaw, the rector. The day he bepan
preaching Mrs. Earle. with a six-month
cld baby, arrived here, accompanied by
Mrs J. N. Chipman. Both ladies were
strangers to the city. At Sixteenth street
station they left the train. Inquiring of a
street car conductor for the church, they
boarded a car to which they were directed.
But through some misunderstanding the
ladies were told to alight at the Seventh
day Adventists" church at Twelfth and
Brush streets, miles from the Bast Oak
land church which they sought.
Upon discovering the mistake Mrs.
Earie. worn and tired from her journey,
became very nervous. She started to
walk, and with her child went afoot after
a long wandering to the church rectory
at 13C Eleventh avenue. The strain wa3
so severe that the exhausted woman col
lapsed and her condition became so seri
ous that she was sent to the hospital in
San Francisco, where her mind gave way.
Her physicians are Dr. d'Evelyn and Dr.
Rev. Dr. Karle Is greatly distressed
about the unfortunate episode. The fam
ily came to California last fall and settled
in Humboldt County. The climate there
Was not favorable to Mrs. Earle's health
or the rector's, so he secured an assign
ment to Red Bluff. The prostrated wife's
condition is such that the clergyman will
be detained here indefinitely.
COLLAPSE OF WIFE
IN SEARCH OF HOME
OAKLAND. July 21.— H. G. Pendleton
this mornins applied to the County Board
of Equalizers fcr a reduction from $31,000
to S23.0C0 in eight blocks on Boulevard
Heights assessed to James C. Jordan. A
reduction of $T»5 was granted. The appli
cations of G. A. Randolph and EL G. Wil
liams for reductions were denied. J. C.
Westphal was granted a reduction of $14,-
S"»0 on his personal property assessment
Attorney M. C. Chapman, who appeared
for Westphal. stated that his client had
made an erroneous statement to the As
sessor and had been assessed for $21,250,
while it should have been only J64OO. The
Beta Theta Psi fraternity of Berkeley was
granterl a redaction of 5S>75 on Its* club
buildinjr. The application of John Simon
for a reduction of $2175 was denied. Julius
Quinchard nf Alameda was granted a re
duction of tZ*Y).
EQUALIZERS GRANT
AND DENY REDUCTIONS
member of the narty. was equally em
phatic in Matins: "that Mr. Metcalf should
be returned. He said:
Victor M^lcalf is nne of the stronge-t men
Jn Cr.ns:r*»fs. one of the createst workers.
and his eneriry was directed largely In the
I interest of California an<1 the Coast. He
I not only work<><l in the interest of Call
; fornla. but of the entire Pacific Coast: he
wih strong an>l influential witn all parties.
\ notwithstandin? the fact that he was aeir
; ine his fim term. In the event that he
should be e'.ertei 1 to the Flftjr-serenth Con-
I cress he will take the lead an.l be a very
I etrone man. Favors in Conirreps go largely
[ by friendship, and every member was a
ftrcnp ar.d nrdent frieni of Victor Metcalf.
and this account? for the success he met
trlih in the laFt session. He Is looked upon
as being honest, straightforward and reli
able, and the district he represents -»-il!
; maki- no mistake in k^-pinff him in Con
i ere?s as Ions as he will serve.
Eugene F. Loud, the Republican Rep
¦ resentative in the Fifth Congressional
i District, fay? that Mr. Metcalf has won
1 a place in Congrc.-s in one session seldom
i secured by a member in several sessions.
i He says:
Mr. Metcalf has served his novitiate, as
every rr.an who poes to Congress, no mat
ter what his abilities are. must do. A man's
f.rft term In Congres? ordinarily does not
for fjture usefulness. Mr. Metcalf came
rearer betng an exception to the rule than
1« ordinarily the portion with first termers.
He was accorded unusual recognition, and
j has the ¦warm friendship and confidence of
the older and more influential members. He
ou*fht to be returned— and the Third Histrlct
will make a great mistake if it falls to re
nomrate and re-elect him.
OAKLAND. July 21.— Rev. C.
II. Hobart with three min
isterial companions, has
won fame as a disciple of
Xlmrod, the mighty hunter of an
cient days. The distinguished pas
tor of the First Baptist Church,
returned to-day from an expedition
into the mountains of Plumas
County, where the clerical hunts
man made a hit by bringing down
a magnificent buck with his trusty
rifle at long range. Dr. Hobart
outdid his companions by slaying
the only deer that was killed dur
ing the hunt. He brought home a
fine pair of antlers as a trophy of
the chase. The shot which captured
the noble denizen of the forest wa3
a clean dead center, striking the
breast as the deer stood facing the
preacher, in the wooded canyon.
It was packed Into camp, three
miles distant, and juicy deer steak3
were served that night to the
clergymen at their campflre supper.
Dr. Hobart's companions were Rev.
C. M. Hill and Rev. W. C. Hill of
this city and Rev. Dr. Youngr of
San Jose.
All of the party had excellent
success with their fishing, but as
hunters, the Baptist preacher was
the victor.
PREACHER KILLS
FINE, FAT BUCK
party next Tuesday evening at her home
on Twelfth and Jackson streets.
Next Wednesday Miss Olive Middleton
will give a card party in honor of Miss
Chrissie Taft, who recently returned from
New York.
Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Stevenson, who have
had a cottage at Niles, will return to Oak
land next week and will be "at home" to
their friends at the residence of Mrs.
Stevenson's father, A. C. Henry.
Mrs. G. R. Noak of Berkeley will give
a reception next Monday evening in
honor of Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Noak (nee
Reed), who were married on Tuesday last.
Mrs. Granvllle S. Abbott, president of
the Oakland Red Cross Society, is- in New
Bedford, Mass., where she Intends to re
main some time. Mrs. A. B. Nye, vice
president of the society, will act during
Mrs. Abbott's absence.
Miss Jennie Lemon is spending her vaca
tion with friends in Los Gatos.
Egyptian Cat Mummies.
While the Egyptian children no doubt
had as great regard for cats as the chil
dren of tc-day, the parents had a sti'.l
higher regard, rising into worship. So
great was this regard that the cats cama
to be looked upon as sacred, the cat wor
ship became a part of the religion of tho
race, while this worship found expression
in great temples erected in honor of the
cats who died. Shaving the eyebrows on
the death of a cat in the family was a
favorite means of showing the distress of
the household.
So it was but natural to bellefe that In
the future life the cat3 would live again
¦with their young masters ar.d mistresses,
contributing to their happiness In the ce
lestial land. On the death of the tabbv
all due ceremony was observed, and with
tender care she was embalmed and placed
¦with the mummies of her family. You
may see such muramies in the British
Museum, wrapped in their cerements, fold
upon fold enswathlng the body with as
great solicitude as though it were tho
body of the child who had owned the ca:
for its companion.
The cases in which the cats were placed
after embalming were capital representa
tions of the cat in life. Many of them were
of carven wood, remarkably lifelike af
fairs, the form and ev^n the Individuality
of expression b^ing admirably preserved.
Now and then some cat belonging to som*
more aristocratic family when it departed
for the heavenly land received a case of
bronze, beautifully ornamented «nd In all
ways more in kceplns with the standing
of the family. Some of the cat cases ar»
curiously decorated, and some of the faces
are fitted out with queerly made eyes. In
laid with obsidian or rock crystal; others
are done In colored paste, the effect fre
quently being decidedly grotesque, Th«
object in giving eyes to the case was thac
the spirit cat misht have an opportunity
to look out. An opening down tho center
of the case divided it into halves, so that
the cat. when embalmed and ready for her
last long journey to the land of taa
blessed, could easily be Inclosed.
The utmost care waa given to thesa
friends of the little children, that their
lives might be prolonged to a ripe old ass.
Their food was prepared so that they
might not only receive the most gnsta
tory pleasure possible, but so that they
might be richly nourished. On© favorit*
dish -was bread soaked in rr.i'.k and raLxed.
with chopped fish; surely no more tempt
ing viand could be placed before the most
exacting feline. In r»any cases cats wero
kept in and about tt.z temples which wera
sacred to the many gods of Egypt, and
greater care could not have been given t9
human beings than that which was ac
corded to the cats.
Wj-IIST CLUBS
QiVE A,P/\RTy
OAKLAND, July 21.— Miss Mabel For
ester was given a surprise this even
ing by a number of young friends,
members of the Saturday Night and
Les Bijoux Whist clubs, of which
Miss Forester Is a member. The young
people met at Dr. Fenton's and from there
proceeded in a body to the Forester home
on Linden street. The party was Intend
ed as a welcome home to Miss Forester,
who recently returned from New York,
where she had gone to purchase her
trousseau. Those present were: Hiss
Laura Fenton, Miss Carrie Heed, Miss
Mar>' Dozler. Miss Gotea Dosler, Miss
Lon Crew, Miss Jessie Hardenbergh, Miss
Effle Shull. Miss Constance Pollard, Miss
Bessie Tallman, Mrs. Haversham, "Will
Price, Beach Dean. Charlie Lathron, How
ard Lathrop. Walter Cole, Percy Harden
bergh. Ed Eckert, Ed Renshaw, Mr. Hav
ersham and Hugo Lorber.
Miss Bessie Palmer entertained a few
friends at luncheon last Thursday, her
quests being Miss Calara Taft, Miss Irene
Baker, Miss Beatrice Vrooman, Miss Oer
trude Allen. Miss Olive Middleton, Miss
Elsie Marv.edel, Miss Sue Elmore and
Miss Valentine.
A party was given last evening at the
residence of J. S. Emery on San Pablo
avenue. Those present were:
Mrs. Hoyt. Miss Eda Curdts, Miss Haas,
Miss Durand. Miss Dletz, Miss Alice DIetz.
Mrs. Dletz. Miss Morey. Miss Hallet. Miss Sum
mers, Mr. and Mrs. Emery. Mr. and Mrs. Farr,
Mr. and Mrs. Pollard, Mr. and Mrs. Judkins,
Mr. and Mrs. Smith. Mr. and Mrs. Wedge
¦n-cod. Dr. and Mrs. Mehrmann, Mr. and Mrs.
Button. Mr. and Mrs. Barry. Mr. and Mrs.
Kwinff Dr. and Mrs. Milton. Dr. C. E. Curdts,
Dr. Gforge G. Reinle, Dr. Will Dunn, E. Mo
r<y. Mr. Summers, Dr, \V. O'Rourke, Dr.
Halsey. Mr. Farkhurst. Len Platt. Clarence
Crowell. Judge J. G. Qulnn. Henry Dalton.
Mr Tread well. Judge Bradford. T. Crabb, Mr.
Hannaford, Mr. Brown. Mr. Pugh, Miss Jen
kins Miss Dennison, Mr. and Mrs. F. Dalton,
Miss' O'Hourke. Mr. and Mrs. Strlte. Miss Ada
Dalton Mr. and Mrs. Dunniek. Miss Milton.
Miss M. Dunn, Miss Alice Dunn. Miss Platt.
Miss Freda Curdts and Mr. and Mrs. Moody.
A children's entertainment was piven
last evening at Elite Hall. In which sixty
boys and girls, pupils of Mrs. Cairo True
Boardman, took part. The programme
consisted of tpccialties. cakewalks, danc
ine and a one-act play entitled "Where
Fairies Dwell." The children who had
parts in the play were:
Cecil Colton. Kilty Silva, Marguerite Perry,
HiJdeKard Kunza, Minnie Huffee. Katie Knut
ton Alice Taylor. Albertina Grassen. Pearl
Wricht Inez Scott. Florence Osgood, Ruby
Keed Lucit- Bolton, Mabel NishtlnRale. Gladys
Morgan. Dana and Vera Bluel. Mamie Coffey,
Helen Metfcen, Blanche Cowell. Stella Perry.
Bertha Stuart. Anita Ochernal, Hazel Van Hal
tren and May Hughes.
The pupils who appeared In specialties
were:
Gu««i4 Katz. Ruth Bastian. Linda Sllva,
Julia Orassen. LUa Smith. Ruth Kisher, Bob
bie Vett>er. Leslie Reed. Charles Hughes, Karl
Stephenson. George Weaver. Leslie Felling,
Helen Audlffrcd, Marie Nicboll. Elsie Ander
son Marie Seagrave. Agnes Nichols, Sadie Kor
rvtM Brewer. Oertle Havls. Charles Poulter,
Etta Schrock. Maud Xenhard. Fred and Hazel
Nelson and Tearl Hickman.
Additional numbers on the programme
were: ¦
Serpentine dance— Cecil Cotton, Marie Coffey
and Kitty Silver.
Spanish dance-Agnes Mcholas, Hattie Knut
scn »nd Maud Newhard.
Song-"Mr. Johnson, Don't Get Gay," Little
Marie Nicholas.
£ Ong _--KaK Time Ball." Ruth Fischer. Ruth
Bastian and Leslie R£ed. .
Irish step dandns— Pearl Hickman.
SonK— "When the Stars Begin to Peep," Etta
c g^_I-rd Leave My Happy Home," Helen
* Buck and wing dancing— Fred and Hazel Xcl
"'vjjlo— "Won't ToU Be My Sweetheart?" Dartta
ami Vera Bluel.
Chinese, song— Charles Hughes. Lester Feil
inB. Linda Stora, Leslie Reed. L*arl Stephenson
and Georre Weaver.
Scene trom "Marble, Heart —Marlon Moore
Sea craves.
Japanese baby, led by Marie Nichols, Earl
Stephenson. Minnie Jluffee. Gussle Davis, Pearl
Wright. Mabel Nightingale. Anita Ochernal,
Inez Scott. Gladys Mor=an.
~A Domestic Tempest — Sadie Forsythe
Brewer, Mypel Schneiders. Barby Cahr. Waltz
by fortr pupils of class.
Scene in a Venetian garden by pupils.
The hop which will be given Monday
evening by Alcatraz Drill Corps is the
first of a series of such affairs .which the
corps intends to give during the year. The
same earnestness that has brought their
military drills to such perfection. Insures
a delightful time for the corps' guests.
Miss- Grace Schreiber was married July
11 in Sidney. Australia, to Ralph Wolf of
that place. Miss Schreiber Is the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Christian Schreiber and
a sister of Mrs. George C. Mitchell of this
city. Mr. and Mrs. Wolf have gone to
Japan and Manila, -where Mr. Wolf has
business interests.
¦ - - . • • *,¦¦- " '¦
. Mrs. R. H. Bennett, who has been
spending the ¦ summer at her country
home near Dimond Canyon, will return
to Oakland In October.
Mrs. • Henry ' Morris will give a card
Bitten by a Bulldog.
OAKLAXD, July 21. — Charles Kerns, re
siding at S003 West street, was severely
bitten by a bulldog to-day. The dosr man
aged to lacerate the boy's leg badiy, de
spite a .muzzle the> brute wore.
OAKLAND, July 21.— Word was re
ceived to-day by cablegram from
Paris of the death of Rev. Henry
H. Rice, which occurred in the
French capital yesterday. Mr.
Rice passed away In the Hospital du Bols,
Paris, after a short illness from puenmo
nia. At his own request he will be bur
ied in Paris next Monday.
Rev. H. H. Rice came to California In
1S75 to take charge of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church in Sacramento. AS
ter eleven years^ work In Sacramento ho
cam© to this city, where he remained
for nine years as pastor of the Union
street Presbyterian Church. Later for
nearly five years he was minister of the
Presbyterian church in Pomona. The
Rev. Mr. Rice's entire life in this State
was one of active church work. Besides
his ministerial duties he gave many lec
tures on his travels, generally to aid
the church of which he was -the head.
He held many Important offices under
the church, and had been a leading spirit
in the new movements on this coast. He
was moderator of the synod in this State
at one time, and was twice elected presl-
dent of the State Sabbath-School Asso
ciation. He was one of the organizers of
the first Chautauqua society on this coast,
and, among his lesser works, was Inter
ested In the building of the chapel In the
Yosemite Valley.
The Rev. Mr. Rice was conducting a Eu
ropean excursion at the time of hi3
death. He was with a party of six Cali
fornlans which Joined the Bacon-Gibson
party in the East. They were expecting
to make an Italian tour, to be gone about
three months. : eretofore the Rev. Mr.
Rice had conducted three excursions, one
to Alaska and one to Hawaii.
Mr. Rice's home was at 2031 Haste
street. Berkeley, where Mrs. Rice and
their two daughters are at present. The
family i.ad moved to Berkeley but a few
weeks ago so that the older daughter.
Miss Martha Rice, night attend the State
University.
The Rev. Mr. Rice was born In Middle
borough, Vermont, in 1S47. He was a
graduate of the high school in Cleve
land, of the Western Reserve College In
Ohio, and of the iTnlon Theological Sem
inary In New York. His first pastorate
was at Norwalk, Ohio. In 1S77 he was
married to Miss Thompson, daughter of
Judge Robert Thompson of San Fran
cisco.
THE LATE RE V. H. H. RICE.
Oakland Office San Francisco. Call.
111S Broadway. July 21.
The Board of Supervisors and County
Clerk Jordan have directly clashed in tbfl
question of registration deputies. Tha
County Clerk has refused point blank to
allow the men named by the Supervisors
to go to work in his office, and the board
has no method of compelling him to allow
the men to go to work.
The- County Clerk not only refused to
accept the men named by the Supervisors
to go to work, but he to-<iay appointed
four special deputies, without authority
from the board, and will demand that tha
board pay their claims.
It has become a matter of direct defi
ance on both sides. The Supervisors
defied the County Clerk when they re
fused to allow him to name the assist
ants, and he has replied with a direct
defiance by appointing hia own men la
the face of a refusal on the part of the
board to allow him any help at all.
The Supervisors to-day held a special
session and got through with the work
for which the session was called very
quickly. Finding that County Clerk Jor
aan would not allow their appointees Into
his office they rescinded the appointment
of the ten men made on Thursday. The
motion to rescind was made by Supervisor
Talcott. who suggested that there was
time to make the appointments later.
Supervisor Church then called up the)
application of County Clerk Jordan for
$1100 for extra help on the Great Register,
and moved that it be denied. Thl3 wag
seconded by Mitchell and the motion waa
carried.
This latter action was taken because It
was generally understood that County
Clerk Jordan would make some appoint*
ments himself and the beard wished to
go on record as far as possible as to re
fusing to recognize such appointments
and refusing to pay the claims that will
come in later.
County Clerk Jordan thl3 afternoon ar»-
Eolnted H. E. Majrlll. H. R. French. K.
h Hughes and "W". J. Henderson as special
registration deputies and ordered the men
to report for work Mnnday. Six other*
will be appointed at that time and their
claims will be spnt to the Supervisors for
payment. The Supervisors will reject th«
bills and the men will have to appeal to
the courts to settle the lrsrality of their
appointment and the liability of the Su
pervisors In the matter of remuneration.
Will Demand That Their
Salaries Be Paid by the
County..
>
SupervisorsBevokethe Appointments
of Deputies Chosen on Thursday
and Refuse to Appropriate
Money.
JORDAN DEFIES
THE BOARD AND
NAMES CLERKS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 21.
A movement has been started in Oak
land toward securing a nojw charter to
supplant the present patchwork affair un
der which the city has been working for
ten years. A petition has been prepared
and is being circulated and very largely
signed asking the City Council to call a
freeholders' election for the purpose of
framing an entirely new plan of city gov
ernment.
The present city charter was framed in
1SS9, before the adoption of the constitu
tional amendment making city charters
supreme over general laws. As a conse
quence the charter has been torn full of
holes by general statutes. This, with some
amendments made a few years ago, has
rendered the present instrument most un
satisfactory. The new movement bears
evidence of success.
The text of the petition is as follows:
To the Honorable City Council of the City
of Oakland: Gentlemen— The undersigned
citizens and taxpayers of the city of Oak
land hereby respectfully request your hon
orable body to call an election, as provided
by section S, article XI of the Constitution,
for the naming of a board of freeholders to
draft a new charter for the city of Oakland.
Although the present charter was a great
improvement upon the former one, far better
suited to the needs of a large and growing
city and, in the main, an instrument draft
ed with wisdom and good Judgment, still an
experience of eleven years under this char-»
ter has disclosed many particulars in which
further Improvements might be. made. In
eluding several changes which seem to be
most advisable and urgent. The particulars
In which changes should be made are so nu
merous and varied in character that we be-
Iiev« it unwise to attempt them In the way
of further patchwork by amendment. This
latter expedient would be unsatisfactory at
the best, to say nothing of the possibility of
a chaos in the instrument by the passage
of some amendments and rejection of
others.
With the llsht of these past years under
the existing charter and many Judicial In
terpretations bearing upon it. we believe
that a carefully chosen board of freeholders
—men of hlph ability, mature, business
Judgment and experience In municipal affairs
—would draft and submit such a clear, con
sistent and able charter as would place the
government of the city upon a sound, wise
and progressive bai>is, would prove of Ines
timable value to the city and open up for
It a new era of prosperity.
Present City Charter Has Been Torn
j Full of Holes by the Ope
ration of General
Petition Asking Council to
Call Special Election of
Freeholders.
MOVEMENT FOR
A NEW CHARTER
FOR OAKLAND
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111$ Broadway, July a.
Other political fights in Alameda are
completely eclipsed by the one for Con
press. That there is a legislative ticket
to be nominated; that there Is a majority
cf th© members of the Board of Super
visors to be elected; that there are two
-Judges ar.d many district officers to be
' nominated, eeems to have been entirely
forjrotten !n the fight that Is on for Con
gressman.
Alameda County will be the seat of the
entire fight, for this county controls the
district, and the outside delegates gener
•ally support the man who wins in Ala
meda county. Congressman Victor H.
Metcalf is believed to have eo large a
percentage of advantage In the outside
counties of Contra Costa. Solano. Yolo,
Glenn, Colusa and Lake as to make the
chances of Henry P. Dalton very slim In
those sections. Mr. Dalton has toured all
of these counties, and has organized his
adherents in each place. Solano County
has openly Indorsed Mr. Mttcalf for his
•fuceess in securing appropriations for the
navy yard, and tsoiano County Is the
largest county in the district outside of
Alameda.
In Alameda County the contest Is
growing: in earnestness every day. Head
quarters are in full operation, and organi
zation Is being carried on In every district
In the county. — "
The candidates for the various offices
to be Slled this fall, as far as announced
"by themselves or their friends, are:
Superior Juire* (two to be elected)— John
.Ellsworth of Alarr.eia, F. B. Ogdea of Oakland.
G. TV. Langan of Llvermore.
Supervisors : First I'isirict— C. F. Hcrner of
Nllee; F. H. Cash. Irvir.gton: C. S. Archibald,
CestcrvCte: Hiram Bailey. I,!verraore. Fourth
.District— Charles Roeth. Fifth Ward; H. D.
.Row* Seventh Ward; B. H. Welsh, Seventh
"Ward. Fifth P-.strlct— John Mitchell. Second
|"Wa.rd: A. A. iicKeen, First VTard; Henry Wat
•k:r.e. First Ward: W. ft. Pelouze. Flrn Ward.
State Senator. Twenty-seventh District— W.
'H. Waste. Berkeley; C. G. Dodge. Seventh
Werd: B- H. Lukens. Fifth Ward. Oakland.
A6?»n-.b'.y: Forty-sixth District— William Mc-
I>orjJd. Liverm^re; J. C. Crooks, Hayward?.
Fnrtr-Feventh District— Joseph R. Knowiand,
Alustii. Forty-eighth district— No anr.nunce
rriT.ie. Fcrty-nir.th District — Charles A. Klink
r.er. Gulden Gate; Davis F. McWade, First
Ward; \V. H. U Hynes. First Ward: Daniel J.
iMuIMas. Firrt Ward, and Charles Parker. First
"Ward. Fiftieth District— J. A. Bliss. Fifty-
J".r»t District — No announcements.
Victor H. Metcalf. the present Congress
man !n the Third District, has been given
the highest praise hy Speaker David B.
Henderson of the House of Representa
tives, of which Mr. Metcalf is now a
member. The Congressional party that
is with Speaker Henderson speaks in the
hyrhest t^rms of the ¦work of Mr. Metcalf
an.i express surprise tbat there was any
Thought of not returning him to his seat
in the Iious«. To have the favor of the
Speaker of the House means appointment
in important committees and an oppor
tunity to do good work for his district.
Th" gentlemen in this party come from
The coast whTe Representatives are re
turned term after term.
Shaker Henderson said in regard to Mr.
Metca..'s return:
It Mem Impocsib!* that there Fhould be
sr.y do-bt a? to Mr. Mcicalfs return. It
¦rotdd N« a rerjr pr*-at mistake not 10 re
turn him to his »»t in Orncrew.
Mr. HMCklf 1? an c»ni«t. conscientious,
ir.teJ!ig*r.: a:i<! umir'r:* worker, ralifofnia.
ha* lever tent t» the C'cngress of the
t'r.'.t^4 8tat«> within my rerol!«^.'tion a man
Wt>O in hjs ?.rst term hai< achieved meh an
suitable ftarxl'.rc as has Mr. Metcslf. ani It
¦will !*¦ «T5!ortur.Bie not nnlv for the Third
Or.trr*-*pi.~r.sl Dirtrlct. but for the £:aie of
Cailfrrr.ia. tf be is net returned.
Hon. Smith M'-Pberscn of th*» District
Court of Iowa, v.ho sat in the last Con
gress with Mr. Metcalf and v.orked with
rim on eonunttlees, said about the Con
gressman's return:
During the last toFsion of Congrejs I vaa
very intimate with th« California delegation,
•n-1 with no cn» more than with Congrets
irisn Metcaif. 1 learned to love the man be
i-suse. of hi? ur.'.irinj; effort* for the Pacific
Republican party. I know of no rr.sn in the
!sst Cor^ress who worked harder and was
mrre ur.tir'.re in his «>?rorts than na« Mr.
M^traJf in etar.ii'.n? »iy Prp<ident McKinley.
tbt B»>riuW!r»n administration, and by that
J^c^ t>ro\i#?^-t tlilf country of the ? t l'-»mrh
of despond ir.to the surishine of rros;*r'.:y
that now prevails. I learned another thing
vhil* in CongTefs. to wit. that a man of n
p*rien<» Cterc can do ten times more serv
ice for his s^cti-.n than can a new men-.ber.
IT the people of h'.s rongresslonal District
knew Mr. Metcalf as I <io he will be nom
is*te<l hy acclamation and elected by fjch
a majority as will be unprecedented. From
mt point of view Jt 1* Impr^sible for me
to conceive that there should be any doubt
es to his renotn!r.a::on and election.
Senator Foster of TVashlrigton. also a
Alameda County Wilf Be
Scene of Battle for
Nomination.
Speaker Henderson, Senator Foster
and Congressman Loud Are
Warm in Their Praises
of ja.«»tcalf.
CONGRESSIONAL
FIGHT ABSORBS
ALL ATTENTION
"Fairy Godmother" of the Vol
unteer Soldiers Dies at Her
California-Street Home.
MRS. A. S. TOWNSEND
PASSES TO REST
THE SAN CALL. SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
SUDDEN DEATH OF WELL
KNOWN DIVINE IN PARIS
Dean Van Kirk Arrives.
OAKLAND. July 21— Dr. Hiram Van
Kirk, the newly elected dean of the
Berkeley Bible Seminary, has arrived here
from Chicago. Dr. Van Kirk is a man of
exceptional talent as a divinity student.
BERKELEY. July 21.— The Oakland
University of California Club will hold a
dinner Friday evening, August 3, In the
parlors of the Unitarian Church in Oak
land. John R. Glascock will be the host
of the evening. The relative merits of
the American, German and English uni
versities will be discussed by the after
dinner speakers. These will be Professor
George M. Stratton on 4he German «ni
versities; Professor Chiwles Mills Gay
ley on the English universities, and Pres
ident Benjamin Ide Wheeler on Ameri
can universities.
The' Oakland alumni of the university
organized the club about three months
ago. There are 110 members, many of
them being women exaduatfe8. .John "W.
Stetson. 92, is president, and Bernard P.
Miller, '97. secretary.
"University Alumni Banquet.
Degree of Pocahontas.
Potomac Council, Degree of Pocahontas
of the Improved Order of Red Men, re
cently instituted, will entertain Its friends
at its first social, "a brownie." in the Al
cazar building on Tuesday evening next.
33
THE LATE MBS. A. S. TOWNSEND.
Mrs. Almira S. Townsend died at 2 o'clock this morning at her*
residence, 1221 California street, of heart failure. She had been ailing (
for some time and had been under the care of Dr. Helntz. She was <
69 years old. ,
Not until after Dewey had won the bat
tle of Manila Bay was Mrs. Townsend
known, even by name to other than a
. c mall circle of intimate friends. The ar
rival at Camp Merritt of the first regi
mentF of volunteers brought her out ct
her seclusion. She sent to the boys, who
afterwards became "her boys." wagon
loads of fruit and other crpature conn
forts to make their rude life more bear
able. Even at that time h^r name was un
known outride of the camp and not until
s=he gave the Red Cross ladies her chock
for a large amount did people begin to
wonder at her identity.
AH through, the days of the camp her
acts of solicitude for the soldiers were
manifold, and not a volunteer but looked
upon her as a fairy sodmother.
It was, however, only when the city
was preparing to welcome back the First
California from the Philippines that Mrs.
Townsend electrified the city and made
possible a prreat»receptlon by her generous
bids for boxes at the Orpheum sale for
the voluntf-ers benefit.
At the reception to California's sons
Mrs. Townsend was an honored guest.
After that she modestly retired to her
home and up to the time of her death
was only heard from through her chari
ties. Her last noble" work was her con
tribution to the benefit fund for brave
Fireman Sweeney.
READY FOR WORK ON
NEW LIBRARY BUILDING
¦j Special saving prices. J
\ Groceries and liquors. ?
r * 9 \
Ham. .pound 12\<lQ
A Each ham juamr.tfexl sweet. jui<-v i
V aad tecder. Medium fat. Ke0. li •. V
N. Y. Cheese . t
6 Genuine, rich and ,-, n , 1rir 1 T ~l
\ creascr. mild. pOUnC I^C^
0 Ke£TiIar iOc $
£java & Mocha Coffee 0 j
A^ifKni C o n i;-i n re pound 25^ !
A J"ou there's tiO factt»r to be ha<i. ana A j
V ibe trial will pro: >ably mnie of you V \
a h regular rustomer. A
9 Usually 35 to 4 to pound. f
Herring.. can 150^
0 "Hnaths" F.i:ziish. Handy for the B j
picnic, camping or Quick laacli. \
Q liegnlar 15c #
f Mahrsells Sardines $
a Genuine Trench. rn _. TOr i
f \ Packed in pare delirate C* 1 * 1 IOCf
A olive oil. Select Csh. Eegui** xac A
JPostum Cereal a
5 £-Se Eab " large pkg 20c J
V itates red blood. Regular Sic.
'Mason Jars quarts 65c?
f Extra heavy glass. Porr-eUIa f
. li..ed covers. Beware of tin covers,
f *pcils your fruit. Regular 75c. f
fjar Rubbers 3 doz ioc^
a Us» Eew rnlibT" for your old jars. A
r lupTwes the keeping of the fruit. T
'Baldwin's Brandy F
* e - bottle $1.00$
4 •Baldv-in sranch." R«»srular $1.25. f
I Brown's English Porter k
* Very oid brew. Arwr*-n <t 'y A
§ Xone better. O-OZen pi. 2^ A
\ Eefe-uUr Jl 65. *
Tonic Port \
f Mprttonir ports are ,Utlc< T f^nT
a Mid frou- 75c to 1 1 j Oils ?I OO.
r Try thi? and save the difference. f
Sherry, Port or i
t Angelica gallon 45c'
A) Eisen Vineyard, Fresso. Regular:^
f15 if ar£et St. 6. T. Shattuck At. rerlcelej-i
•Vth A:Wa*Ciingtoa,Oak OntrrU Are. Al*xae<!fcT
A txh & Wood, Oak. £8 1st Street, £aa Joso A
Corks that have been steeped In vase-
line are eald to be an excellent substitute
for glass stoppers, without their disad-
vantages. They, are not affected by, acids
or chemical fumes, and they do not be-
come fixed by a blow or by long disuse.
Few houses in Uruguay are provided
with stoves for heating purposes. No
chimneys or fireplaces are provided, as a
rulo. one hou*se recently built at a cost
of $14,000 havlnp for its only chimney a
stovepipe from the kitchen.
I Wm : no s^ ron 9 er I
I 4jff than your I
I stomach 8
i^^^^ '^^^^ your stomach if you , U
Wf^SJT USC e neW D*2 cstor ~" 9
1^^ Johnson's Digestive Tablets Ito the Misses Bertha Pollard. Juliette
Phelps. Reba. Cole. Bessie Griswold and
j Delia Simons.
Mrs. Fred A. Walton of West Adajna
street entertained a few friends at cards
on Monflay evening In order to meet Mrs.
R. W. Harnden of San Francisco.
Miss Edna BIcknell is spending the sum
mer at Grand Canyon, in Arizona.
Mrs. Elizabeth Wheeler of West Seventh
street gave a very pleasant informal mu
slcale on Monday" evening.
The Misses Florence and Antoinette
Ganahl entertained a few friends on Mon
day at luncheon. Covers were laid for
nine.
Mr. and Mrs. John Rleugans entertained
a few friends at dinner on Wednesday at
their homo at Howard Summit. The ffucst»
were Mr. and Mrs. Kurrle. Mrs. Acape
man and Mr. and Mrs. Brokman and son.
Miss Xlna Bridwell and bar brother.
Walter Bridwell. arrived In the city on
Tuesday from Arizona, where they nave
been visiting friends for several months.
They have Joined their parents. Colonel
and Mrs. W. C. Brld-weU. at Long: Beach,
to spend the summer.
Mrs. M. B. Egbert of South Hill street
has taken a cottage at Loiur Beach for tha
summer to chaperone a number of th»
hifjh school girls. Amonfr some of thoso
with her now are the Missies Winifred K.
Peters, Willis and Mohan. Others will
Join them In a few days.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Lnmmls hav*
as their guest Mrs. David Starr Jordan, ot
Stanford.
Mrs. T. E. Yerca has as her guest 3Has
Olive Kelsev of Ventura.
Mrs. J. S. Pierce and sister hav» cons to
Clairmont to spend the waimraer.
Miss Alice Cross is visiur.se frtenda m
Santa Barbara during: tho summer
month*.
The Misses Rebecca and Corlmv» Reach
have gone to Fresno to visit rslattvea.
Miss Julia Bruere-is at the Gordon Anna
at Terminal for the summer.
Mrs. Kate Vosburs has gone to Bpwnd
the summer with her sister, Mrs. McXtel.
of Azusa.
Miss Anna if. Davis, sister of Charles .
C. Davis, has gone to Europe to sea ail
points of interest.
Mr. and Mrs. S. "WV Reynolds h&T* as
their guest thnlr daughter. Mrs. Timothy
Sullivan, of Chicago.
Mrs. James C. Talmadr* has «j he?
guest Mrs. Charles Robinson of 8anta
Barbara.
W. R. Flynn of Indiana I»»tn the city to
spend a few days.
Miss Hortense Chllds and her brother,
Stephen V. Chllds. have gone to Coronado.
where they will spend the summer at the
hotel.
Dr. and Mrs. H. O. Burton of tho Sol
diers* He me have as their snest Miss
Esther Hunt of this city.
Mrs. John Boynton and MYs. K. I>.
Meyers left on the Santa Rosa on Mon
day morninjr for San Francisco.
Miss Bert Kri»lt2 and Misa Lola I*
Boyer. ¦who have been visiting In this city
for" several months, have returned to their
home In Minneapolis. Minn.
Mrs. O. P. Liffhtner of Trenton street
entertained a few friends on Friday even
ine at a lawn party.
Miss Louise Cronard \n In Santa Ana tIs
ltlnfj her aunt, Mrs. Henry Stafford.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. A. Off and little
daughter Georgia have gone to Terminal
to be the guests for a short time of Mr.
and Mrs. C. M. Baker.
Mr. and Mrs. John E. Plater and Iflss
Carrie Waddilove have gone to Santa
Monica to spend the summer.
Miss Annie Taylor, who has been vis
iting Miss Pearl Hart for a few weeks,
has returned from Pasadena.
Mrs. E. A. Whlttlesey and family have
gone to Santa Monica to spend the sum
mer.
Mr. and Mrs. H. O. Wllshire are vlsitlnr
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Corson at Santa
Monica.
E. R. Wolcott and family are occupying
a cottage on Bicknell street. * *
Los flngcles.
Miss Isabella Lewis of New Orleans was
married on Thursday evening to John
Lewis Slaughter of this city by the Rev.
Hugh Walker, pastor of the Immanuel
Presbyterian Church. at the resi
dence of the bride's brother. Charles
Lewis, of Georgia Btreet. The bride's
gown was of white organdie, trimmed
with ribbons and lace, and she carried
a large bouquet of -white carnations. But a
few friends witnessed the ceremony, but
later a reception was held at the home
on Bunker Hill avenue. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Herbert
Slaughter, Mr. and Mrs. William Slaugh
ter, Mr. and Mrs. E. Tomklns. Mr. and
Mrs. John Neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Salisbury, Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Lewis. Mr.
and Mrs. Solomon Richardson of Alham
bra, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Jones, Mr. and
Mrs. Cyrus Burdick of Pomona, Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. Davies and daughter of Pasa
dena, Mr. and Mrs. Ballard Wall of San
Bernardino, Mrs. R. W. Hutehlnson, Mrs.
C. H. Parker, Mrs. Julia Fenqua, Mrs.
Upton, Mrs. J. H. Fleming; Misses Lottie
E. Cass. Ella Nie; Messrs. C. F. Niles. M.
M. Gilllspie. Harry Upton. C. T. Hall.
Charles Kltts and D. F. Hall.
Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Hlle of Kensington
road held a very pleasant reception on
Monday evening to celebrate Mr. Hile's
birthday anniversary. Games and music
was the programme for the evening-. The
guests were: Rev. Thomas Hendry, Mr.
and Mrs. \V. F. Wheeler, Mr. and Mrs.
C. F. Holllngsworth, Mr. and Mrs. C. W.
Wilde. Mr. and Mrs. C. F. VInnlng. Mr.
and Mrs. G. T. Wilderman. Mr. and Mrs.
T. R. Howe; Mmes. Dawley, Manny, Hol
ly, Misses Lucille Potts, Elsie Coe. Geor
gia Holley. Mabel Dalton. Luele Bradley
and Z. Williams; Messrs. J. Truitt Davis,
J. Mills Davis, Joseph Potts, Cecil Dal
ton, Charles Dawley and Thomas Hol
lincsworth.
William A. Truax entertained on Mon
day evening In honor of Misses Mary Ber
nard, Honore Bell and Therese Durnerin.
Those present besides the guests of
honor were the Misses Maud Bell, May
Lyons, Mamie Readon. Katherine Bell
Flood. Genevieve Marsh. Margaret Con
way, Agnes Phillips, Anna Brown, Lizzie
Klinkhouse, Margaret Hopkins, Marie
Durnerin. Mamie Truax, Mary Bodkin,
Elizabeth Llndenfeld. Beatrice Phillips;
Messrs. Gabriel Durnerin. Frank Bell.
Roy Marian, Edward McCurdy, Elmer
Boothe, A. J. Readon and Bernard Hop
kins.
Mine Hermlna Adam and Will E. Bad
ham were married on Thursday evening
at Saints Chapel, on Eleventh street. Fol
lowing the ceremony a supper was served
at the home of the brlde'3 mother, on
Wall street. Only a few most Intimate
friends and relatives- were present. Mr.
and Mrs. Badham will take a short wed
ding trip to the north, after which they
will be at home to their friends at 12S3
West Thirteenth street.
Miss ' Katherine Saunders entertained
the B. M. C. on Wednesday evening at
her home on Workman street. The even
ing was very pleasantly spent in music
and games. Miss Hattle Goodrich and
Wiley Ambrose received the first prizes.
Among those present were the Misses
Frances McComb, Susie Nlckol, Myrtle
Bailey, Nellie Lessler. Ada Saunders,
Hattie Goodrich. Ada Aldrich, Mamie
Stanton, Katherine Miller. Belle Russell,
Helen Cattanach, Grace Goodrich, Minnie
Campbell, Bertha Leeds, Flora Saunders,
Chloe Shaffer; Messrs. Francis Russell.
Lee Symington, Charles Ruckman, Arthur
McComb. Wiley Ambrose, Holton Brown
ing, Guy Duckworth, Robert Sprague.
Clarence Aldrich. Frank Ambrose. Bruce
Saundern, George Cox. Arthur Russell.
Albert Bailey. .Claude Case, Clarence
Reque and Orrie Sprague.
Mrs. Lotta N. Bower and Robert N.
Greison were married very quietly on Fri
day evening at St. John's Episcopal
Church by the pastor, the Rev. B. "W. R.
Taylor. The bride was given away by
Dr. William T. McArthur. Mr. and Mrs.
Greison have gone to spend the summer
in the mountains, after which they will
be at home to their friends at 718 Beacon
street.
Miss Lulu M. Snook, daughter of Mrs.
M. A. Snook of this city, was married to
Colonel Frank Flrey of Pomona an Tues
day at high noon at the home of the
bride's mother on North Hill street, the
Rev. G. H. White of the Pomona Metho
dist Ch-irch officiating. The bride was
very becomingly attired In a pale green
silk with net of the same, trimmed In rib
bons and jewels, and carrying flowers. She
was unattended. An elaborate wedding
breakfast was served, after which Mr. and
Mrs. Firey left for Coronado to remain
for a few week*, and they will then go to
Pomona to reside. Colonel and Mrs.
Firey are very well known In Pomona
where they had both resided for some
years.
Mrs. -O. TV. .Child s entertained a few
friends at dinner on Friday evening to
meet Miss Queen of Kentucky, who Is
visiting Mrs. Nat Wilshlre. Covers were
laid for twelve. Dr. Bryant and Dr. Ains
worth were guests at honor.
Mrs. Griswold has taken a "cottage at
Santa Monica and. ia acting as chaperons
THE out of town season is now at its
verynciglH and gayety rules supreme
at. the mnr.y fashionable resorts and
country homes. There is every indi
cation this year of the out of town
Ff-ason betas an unusually prolonged
me. Social leaders and entertainers have
rot as yet given one solitary thought to
the coming winter season. The "prophets."
however, have turned their heads In that
direction and are already predicting a win
ter reason of many debutantes and nu
merous and varied entertainments. Still
In the meantime every one is out of town
und Bending home cheerful reports of the
many joys the country affords.
They're Engaged
Mr. and Mr?. A. Milsner announce the
eosasement of their daughter. Charlotte
H.. to I>orie 1. Wyatt. They will receive
on Sunday. July 2?. at their residence, 174
lluss street, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Weddirjg Bells.
Announcement is made of the engage
ment of Miss Tillie Lowenthal and Philip
Freedman. A reception v.ill take place
«5«on Mr. Freedman's return from the
East.
The fnpap-mf-nt is announced of Leon
nrd I'mermever of New York City and
Miss Blanche 3. Lntz, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. S. Latz of i»ll Pierce street.
The enEapermnt is announced of Miss
Bolle Cohn of tbjfc city and Louis Grostetn
of Calfax, Was".:.
The wadding of John McGrath and Miss
Rose McMahon took place at St. Rose's
Church on Tuesday evening. July 10. The
weeding reception took place at the resi
dence of the brides sister. Mrs. C. Meyers,
on Bryant street. The following guests
were present: Mr. and Mrs. Peter Mc-
Slahcn, Mr. and Mrs. James McMahon.
Mr. and Mrs. H. J. McMahon. Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Meyers, Mrs. J. Maloney,
Miss Mary Terlin. Miss HofC. H. Manning,
John McMahon, Miss Alice Markel, Miss
Nettie Meyers, Miss Maggie McMahon
and Master Henry McMahon. Wednes
ciiy morning the brido and groom left for
i. honeymoon trip to Monterey.
The \vtddirg <;f Mrs. E. Jungbluth and
K. Lar.ge took place last Thursday even
ing at the residence of the bride's parents,
OM Steiner strett- Only relatives and in
timate friends were present. The parlors
were artistically decorated with potted
palms and terns, and during the wedding
dinner the strains of the orchestra inter
mingled with speeches and toasts from
¦the guests. After a brief honevmoon
down south Mr. and Mrs. Lange will take
up their residence at 1G7 Carl street, the
Lome recently purchased by Mr. Lar.ge.
rjome Gatfjerirjgs
A pleasant surprise party was given to
Milton Irwin at his home on Saturday
evening. June 30. prior to his departure
for Manila. Among those present were:
Miss M. Jyohman, Miss A. Irwin, Miss I.
Parker. Miss L. Conklin, Mrs. Parker.
Sirs. KinR-. Mason Irwin. Alton Irwin. J.
Walsh. Dr. J. G. Fitzgibbon. Eddie King,
Sir. Bartman and R. Parker.
Miss Chrissie Thomson's fourteenth
birthday was c-eJebrated on Thursday,
July 12, at her residence, 250 Clinton Park.
Among those present were: Isabel Peter-
Fon, Hazel Schad. Pearl Samuels. Chrissie
Thomson. Mildred Samuels. Irene McAIvy.
Enid Leek. Myrtle Dalglish. Alma Schad,
Charlie Grief. Arthur Samuels, Stanley
Iief-d. Venoi Dalglish, Percy O'Dea, For
rt-n Le<k, Mrs. J. Dalglish. Mrs. W.
Sfhad. Mrs. I. G. Leek. Mrs. J. Manson.
Mrs. L. Truitt. Mrs. A. Thomson. Miss
Bella McFarland and Misa Jessie Brown.
On Wednesday afternoon, July 11, little
ML«f Marie Jamie-son celebrated her tenth
birthday anniversary by inviting a num
ber of her little friends to a very charm-
Ing children's party at her home on Rhode
Jpland street. The time passed pleasantly
with vocal and instrumental music and
many childish games. At 6 o'clock re
freshments were perved. Among those
present were: Mrs. Macdonald, Mrs. A.
Itkhter. Mr.-:. Penelope Richter, Mrs.
Harry Tulib, Mrs. William Jamieson;
Alice Guthrie. Mary Eastwood. Lulu von
Pilmas, Winnie Spice. May McDonald.
Frank Rfilly. Annetta Jardine, Ruth
Thomas. Sophie Antonson, Hughie Mac
jraxry. Helen Nelson. John Kerr. Nellie
Ternll. Ellen Earlson, Stella McNeal.
Anna Earlson, Gladys Berkeley. Agnes
Harold, Peter Anderson, Lola Weal, Eva
lj;;vi.s, Gt-rtie Guthrie. Apgie Campbell,
Carrie Hi;nb- rt. Harry Walters, Edith
Tiiomrss. Marie Jamieson. Gussie Shears,
Eva Madden. Frajioes Leslie. Stanly Nel
eon, Lily Madden. Babry Jamieson, Allan
Dikes und Will Jamk-son.
Wcgeiicr Villa, Glen Ellen, was the
scene of a masquerade party on Monday
evening. July 16. The dance hall was bril
liantly lighted and handsomely decorated
with ferns, flowers and American flags.
Dancing continued until 12 o'clock, when a
sumptuous repast was partaken of, after
which dancing was nsumtd and continued
until quite late. Among those present
¦KfTe: Misses Marie Cobine. Elizabeth
Bullivan. Anna Brandon, Helen Cox. Anita
Cobine. Blanche Jerome. Leonie Ellsmere,
Grace Sullivan, Ethel Foatherstone, Em
ma Sullivan. Florence Foster. Mabel Bald
win. Mav Hiordan. Kitty Brandon, and
Messrs. Harry Burnett, Oliver Stewart,
James Larkin. William Sullivan. George
Damon. Harry Baldwin. George Ryan,
Androw Brandon. Lewis ; Burnett., C.
Schacfer. Leon White. Major Feather-
Ftone. Captain Partington and August
Hill.
Mrs. Builard. mother of Mrs. Marriner-
Camplicll. celebrated her eighty-sixth
birthday on Thursday afternon. July 19, at
«h«» home of her daughter, on Turk street.
Many letters of congratulation were re
reived from the oldest .families in the
Btate. The occasion also took the form
of a welcome to Mrs. Bullard's son, who
but recently returned from Peking.
A most enjoyable and pleasant surprise
party was tendered to Frank J. Oneto by
his many friends at the residence of his
parents, 4CC Octavla street, on Saturday
evening, July 7. Dancing, music, singing
and games were the features of the even
ing-. At midnight the guests marched into
the dining-room, which was handsomely
decorated with evergreens and flowers,
and partook of a delicious supper. Among
those present were: Mrs. A. Oneto. fe.
Oneto, F. J." Oneto. J. P. Oneto. Miss Elsie
Oneto. Mies May Torre, J. Torre, A. Torre,
A. Bru'zzone, Miss A. Bruzzone. Miss F.
Giusti. Miss J. Giusti. F. O. Giusti. Miss
L. Spinettl. E. Spinetti. Miss H. Stark.
Miss K. Capelll. Miss A. Capelli, Miss L.
Fc-rogaio. Miss H. Brown. Miss M. Brown,
Miss H. Plagemann, Miss F. Munk. Mrs.
Canata. JEL Uarbarino, \V. Struckrnan, J.
G. Parcdi. K. Giaeopetti. Ed Kane. \V.
Terwllllger, William McDermott. Charles
Hlby; Fred Hihy. C. V. McCarthy. George
O'Neill; F. Daneze.Natale Andreotti. Mike
Topele. Emanuel Flores, Louis Carreon
and Frank Anleth.
At her new home on Fulton street,
Berkeley, Mrs. H. D. Ellerhorst enter
tained a few of her lady friends at a
luncheon on Wednesday afternoon. The
rooms were decorated t with dainty ferns
and pink rose?. ¦
A masquerade and domino surprise
party was tendered to the Misses Hattle
and Carrie Wolff at their \r»-sidence. 532
Grove street, last Sunday evening. Those
present ware; Miss Millie Wolff (if Berke
ley, Miss Elkan Meyer, Emma Cohn, Ben
Harris. D. Gronosky. Annie Herzog. Car
rie Hurris, H. Herzog, Miss Kaplan, Sarah
Lubosch, J. B. McCann, Mr. and Mrs. I.
Fox, I. Johnson, H. Goldstein, Julia
Grcenbaum. Ben Michael, L. Wolff, S.
Goldstein, Violet Posner. Annie Green,
George Plato, Dave Moss. T. Plato, Joe
Knhn, Kate Landsberg. Lillian I'.tsner,
Harry Greenbaum, Thr-re«a M'th;.el. Joe
Silverman, Fannie Krown. O. McCar.n,
J. Morris. Miss C. Beholder. D. :<ahim-
Ftein. J. E. Crotts.* HI. ItuU.intl, Jvsi Pc*
ner, Ike Osoosky. Miss & Cellar: ,'. Mills
ner. Miss J. Carter, Miss Nettie Swartz
of Berkeley. J. Goldstone. H. C'cs. n. L.
H.-ilbron. T. J. Zekind. Miss S. Harris.
Emma Cohn, tho Misses Basch of Oak
land, Harvey Moss, Miss Johnson, Mr:
and Mrs. Barren. Bessie Barren. Gertie
Lapedaire. Mr. Levy, Mr. Rethers. Morris
Levy of Stockton. Miss C. Morris. S. Gold-
Stein. Prizes were awarded to H. Herz-ipr.
Miss A. Groen. Mr. Plato. Miss Violet
Posner. J. Goldstone. H. Oksen, L. Heil
bron and H. Wolf.
A most: enjoyable pnrty was tendered
by Miss Elizabeth Dusenhprry to her many
friends, at her residence. 8 Vallejo Ter
race, on Tuesday, July 17. The evening
was spent in dancing, sinking and games,
and in listening to the beautiful selec
tions of a most rfllcient string orchestra,
which was composed of the following
musicians: George Lerond. Louis Car
reon. Lyle Kent. Arthur Garcia, I/"on
Calvlllo, Frank Robles, under the leader
ship of Luciano Mo.iica. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Fry, Mr. and
Mrs. Rincon, Mrs. S. Du?enberry. Mrs.
Navarette, Mrs. Rodriguez. Mrs. K. Daly,
Mrs. Kennard. Isabelle Navarette, Elena
Rtncon. Lottie Rodrieruez, Josie Me*a,
Laura Chase. Emily Olsen, A«rsie McRae,
Betty Olsen, Tiny Corcoran, Myrtle Olsen,
Lizzie Dusonberry, Lottie Dusenberry,
Ida Swikard, Isaholle Norrie; Messr3.
Fred lerond. Pat Daly. Luciano Mojlea,
Lyle Rest, George Lcrond, Arthur Garcia,
Willie Dusenberry, Teodoro Sarabla, Joa
quin Santa Cruz. Louis Cnrreon. Leon
Calvillo, Charles Dusenberry. Charles
Davolos, Will Logan, Frank Robles. Fred
Rincon. Ralph Rincnn, Mervin Norrie.
The cake walk was ably executed by Miss
Bt-lle Xavarette and Arthur Garcia.
A delightful evening was at the
residence of Mr. ana Mrs. John Gosch,
720 Montgomery avenue, on July 12, In
honor of the forty-seventh birthday of
John Gosch. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. John Gosch. Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Mar
tinoni. Mrs. J. Nygren, Mr. and Mrs. R.
HIguera. Mr. und Mrs. D. Villalon, Miss
Josie Villalon. Miss Carrie Villalon. Hen
ry Vlllalon. Mr. and Mrs. F. R. Olmedo,
Miss L. Wessell. Miss A. Parri. Miss L.
Cecchettine. Mrs. L. Lenci. Miss Jennie
Marino. Miss C. R&sceM. Mrs. J. Dryer.
Miss Bessie Fabbri, Mrs G. M. Grove,
Mrs. H. B. Mitchell. G. Micheli. Mrs. T.
Thornhill. Mrs. R. Muir. Mrs. O. Heiden.
Mrs. E. Wessell. Mrs. lone Fogarty. Man
uel Flores. W. P. Rafael. J. Gallindo, A.
Mondragon. P. F. Mondragon. Salvador
Kara], Aucust Rossi. M. Topete, Miss P.
S. Aced, Miss C. Lucich. Miss Irene Lu
clch, Vinct-nt Lucich, Mrs. Parri, Mrs. Ca
vinani, J. H. Simpson.
A most enjoyable surprise masquerade
party was tendered Mr. and Mrs. A. A.
Banz and family Tuesday evening. July
17, by the Ras: Time Club of Mill Valley,
at Grethel's Hall. Dancing, singing and
games were kept up until the early hours
of the morning-. Following are the names
of those present: Mr. and Mrs. A. A.
Banz, Mr. and Mrs. T. Ncwsom, Mr. and
Mrs. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. A. Meyer,
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Parker. Mr. and Mrs.
E. Thomas, ilr. and Mrs. A. d. Page. Mr.
and Mrs. J. Magncr, Mr. and Mrs. G. B.
Miller, Mrs. E. H. Cardall, Mr. and Mrs.
T. R. Browne. Mr. and Mrs. B. Grethel,
Mrs. S. Altvater. Mrs. J. Bengston, Mrs.
A, Anderson. Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Cressev,
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. McDonald. Mrs. C.
M. Thomas. Mrs. E. A. Leran, MIs3 Rose
Mitscher. Miss Belle Banz. Miss Anita
Parker. Miss Evelyn Thomas, Miss Jen
nie F. Thomas. Miss Dora Banz. Miss An
nie E. Mitchell, Misa Lilian Watson, Miss
Grace Watson, Miss Mamie Meyer, Miss
Emma A. Zimmerman. A. Cardall, Mis«
Ernestine Altvater, Miss N. Bengston.
Miss S. Benp-ston, Miss Lleta Cressey,
Miss Louise Thomas. Miss Lauretta Mag
ner. Miss Marion Brown, Miss Eleanor
Thomas. Miss Roberta Browne, Miss
Cardie Ankers, Miss Ebba Anderson. Miss
Carrie Altvater, Miss Louise Altvater.
Miss Lily Anderson and the two best
babies, Leo Browne and Miss Alvina
Page, C. Kratzpnstein. C. Wilson. T. Mag
ner, A. J. McCormick. E. Thomas, Ben
Newsom. Frank Ankers, Thomas Browne,
Merrill Newsom.
A delightful surprise party was given
Miss Margaret Leary on Thursday even
ing last at Fern Camp, Ross Valley.
Among those present were: Mrs. James
Morse, Mrs. G. Olsen, Misses Margaret
I-eary, Marie Olsen, Mae Murray! Alice
Kehoe. Clara Gleason, Ella and Margar
ette Olsen, Mayme Leary. Flora Holling,
Marie Gillully. Helen Mart. Daisy Roche;
Messrs. James Morse. George Olsen, Al
fred Fay, Charles Grant, Frank Leonard.
Professor Sadoc Whelan. Dr. Robert Pro
sek. Arthur Chase. Arthur Olsen, Charles
Riggs. Dr. Whitney, Joseph Peseta, Judge
Norton.
A birthday party was given to Ruth
Young last Wednesday afternoon at her
residence, 27 Shotwell street, in honor of
her eighth birthday. The following little
folks wer«* present: Ruth Young. Mary
Gilbert. Gladys Leach, Annie Ehlers.
Ruby Stevens. Florence Harrington. Olca
Baumeister, Myrtle Silverman, Ruth Sil
verman, May Eckfeldt, Lottie Case, Sa
die and Lucy Blanzey.
Club Parties.
The Club of 1900 gave a banquet recently
In honor of Fred Wallace of the Sheriff's
Carthy, Mrs. S. Goldstein, son and maid;
H. S. Hooe, Mrs. E. A. Hawxhurst. Mrs.
B. J. Sideman, M. J. Sideman, A. G.
Glenn, Frank Elliott, Oscar Holmberg,
Charles E. Freeman, D. R. Davis, S. L.
Samter, W. V. Huntington, Fred R. Koen-
Ing, Fred A" Monsen, A. B.'Nofninger, L.
Veillu. M. T. Fragley, Mrs. E. G. Lyons,
Josie Godehaux, Nate Mayer, Dr. P.
Herbir.g, Mrs. E. Flelsher and daughter,
Mrs. Dobren, C. A. Ligare, W. C. Pavey,
J. T. Wooley, J. B. Higgins, O. Kellogg,
Q. P. McD. Craig, G. Goldsmith, J. B.
Warner, W. J. Davis C. Steinbach, Dave
Lowenstein, M. Solomon, S. Abraham, S.
Seigel and valet Mor. Baruch, W. H.
King, Emile Husenfeld, W. T. Anderson
and J. D. Armstrong: R. B. Roe. S. W.
Root. E. S. Butterfield. Los Angeles: Wil
liam M. Heiseman, San Martin; R. E.
Jack. San Luis Obippo; T. J. Davis, Los
Gatos; T. R. Lindsay, G. A. Rogers,
Sanger; J. R. Sloan. Salinas; W. A. Brad
ford, Castroville; M. Manasse. Coshocton,
O.; Mrs. T. Phillips, New Zealand.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing guests are registered at Skaggs Hot
Springs, Sonoma County: Charles F.
Giles, Professor and Mrs. S. H. Merzbach,
Master Herbert Merzbach, Miss Lizzie
Masterson. Mrs. Allan Howard, H. H.
Young Milton Cook. Miss K. F. Crozler,
Mrs. S. Crozler, Mrs. Alex Thaln, Mrs.
A. Wilson, Percy Thain, Master Donald
Stimmel, George M. Murphy, P. J. Cam
pion, Mrs. Charles F. Geggus, Miss Flo
rence Geggus, Master Charles Geggus,
Mr. and Mrs. James B. Smith. Miss Alma
Smith, Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Webster, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles F. Kopp, Elizabeth J.
Gillen. Mrs. *A. M. Armor, Mrs. H. Gold
man, Miss Fanny R. Goldman. Richard S.
Goldman. Frank N. Armor. Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. Stein. Miss Irma Stein, Daniel and
Sanford Stein. Miss Dora Lippman, Mr.
and Mrs. James Reed. Mr. and Mrs. Mor
ris Plncus. Mrs. F. V. Doris, Miss Edwina
Doris, Miss Annie T. Crowley, John P.
Weil, Miss May I. Tisney, Miss Edith F.
White, Mrs. Lizzie Butters. George K
Lamson, S. A. Webster, Miss Miriam
Morris, Miss Clara Morris, Miss Fannie
Marks, M. Getz, Miss F. Meyer, R. J.
Stenson, D. J. Ryan, P. J. Ryan, R. H.
Peat. Mrs. J. Dwyer. Miss Agnes Dwyer,
Miss May C. Dwyer, Lloyd Hiatt, Bern
hard Hanschlld, Mrs. E. B. Cohen, F. M.
Rose, Mr. and Mrs. F. Schmidt, Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. McAllister and children, John
J. Twomey, \V. A. Sullivan. W. Welch,
Fred Hays. Mrs. Gerdes, V. Me
halovich, Miss Mehalovlch, Louis C.
Buck, Mrs. George H. Winterburn,
Miss Dorothy Hill. Mrs. E.L.I'air
child. Miss Lillian M. Lee. H. Mayer,
Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Benard. Mrs. J. V> .
Hughes and baby. Miss Teresa Lamey,
Mrs. A. J. Gore, Miss Alice Gore, Ld I.
Wheeler, E. W. Hulford. F. J. Fleishman,
Mrs. A. E. Tierman, W. J. Tierman,
James R. Cosgrove. G. M. Hostetter.
From Oakland— R. H. Davis, Miss Flor
ence Stephens; Alameda-C. W. xMacloon,
M. E.' Keegan, Miss J. E. Chapman, J.
J. Reed; Sommersvllle— Mrs. Thomas
Learn; Tiburon— Thomas Cardin; Suisun
Valley— C. B. Elliot; New York-Lloyd
Hiatt. Mrs. H. A. Potter; Sleepy Eye.
Minn.— J. W. Clary; Spokane— G. L. Mc-
Cray; Haywards— Joe N. Bellew; Sacra
mento — R. F. Jackson; Arizona— Harry
Van Alen; Santa Rosa— John Keegan,
Frank S. Turner. Mrs. J. F. Mulgrew,
Miss Lulu A. Mulgrew, Mrs. Maggie Lind
say, Miss L. M. Hopper. Will Litton, Wils
Skaggs. Sldnev Kerlander, Emmet Sea
well; Healdsburg— Mr. and Mrs. A. L.
Loam, Mrs. Marietta Viola. B. F. Lowry;
Ukiah— John T. Cunningham; Summit
Ranch— F. V. Soule.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing guests registered at Paraiso during
the past week: From. San Francisco— A.
W. Blow, Henry Prien, Cecilia Decker,
N. F. Anderson, Mrs. Baldwin, George
Baldwin, A. Rosenblum, I). H. Evans,
Mr. and Mrs. Kimbail, Helen Kimball,
Frances Kimball, T. Frank Kimball, A.
P. Hansen and wife. Hazel Hansen; from
San Jose— Miss A. Bassler. Miss E. Mac
kenzie, A. S. Mackenzie. Elmer E. Cottle,
Dr. H. C. Brown; from Soledad— J. II.
Toft and wife. Miss M. R. Soberanes.
from Salinas— W. Wahrlish and wife, T.
Roeding, A. J. Zabala; from Chualar —
Meada Anderson: Watsonville — P. W.
Morse, Miss Lou Webb: Redlands— Hutch
Marshall and wife: Aromas— N. J. Stewart
and family; San Diego— S. P. Soberanes,
M. Brandenstein; France — Miss E. Cam
buston; Milwaukee — E. J. Ackman and
wife, Mabel Ackman.
BYRON HOT SPRINQS-The following
guests registered during the past week at
Byron Springs: From San Francisco —
James Dcely, A. C. Boldeman, Mrs. B.
Demings. Mrs. T. Percy. John S. Adams,
J. Wilson, T. B. Taylor, F. A. Valentine,
Thomas Earley, Mrs. M. J. Bunduhuh. J.
Crichton and wife. Sam C.-iro, Miss Din
kelspell. William Taylor, Mrs. Mary Col
lonon, Mrs. J. H. Cutter, E. Storror, Mrs.
F. Browne. A. T. Smith. J. M. Morrison,
P. Daly, Mrs. A. C. Boldeman, James W.
Hooker. D. Demings, J. H. Cutter. B. F.
Mead, Charles Murray. Mrs. M»J J. Fur
long, Mrs. S. Silverberg, Mrs. El T. Lee,
Mastrr Crichton. Miss Charlotte Morris.
F. Tokler, Mrs. L. Dinkelspeil, Mrs. Mary
Taylor. Miss Alma Cutter, - James
Schmltz, Mrs. M. F. Bagley, Mrs. D. C.
Bane, M. J. Gundler, C. O. Polle, S. More
house. From Stockton— A. D. Rothen
bush. Frank Cnpuorro. From Fresno —
Henry Halemeier. A. Ruschhaupt. From
Sacramento— W. Wright, Joseph Steffens,
Charles Haney, Robert Christern; from
San Rafael— John S. Bell; from Warm
Springs — Miss Frances Sylva; from Cen
terville — John Martin, Frank Francis;
from Victoria, B. C— Miss Rose Law
rence; from Murphys— J. M. Stevens;
from Oakland— T. B. Taylor, Montell Tay
lor; from Angels — T. Welch; from Clarks
burg — John Joseph; from Palo Alto — B. F.
Porter; from United States navy— A. W\
Bacon; from Antloch— J. Rio Baker, Miss
Jean Baker; from Sunol— M. Athenour, M.
Catista; from Plymouth — C. H. Shields;
from Portland. Or. — Mrs. A. N. Mendle
son; from Berkeley— J. Stone; from San
Francisco— Phillip Oppcnhelm, Mrs. P.
Oppenheim. Sam Newman, S. , A. Blum
berg, H. Salsburg; from Australia — A.
Browne.
WALDRUHE— Among the guests reg
istered at Waldruhe are: Mrs. W. Gable,
Miss A. Gable. Miss Gertie Ryan, San
Francisco: Mr. and Mrs. W. Noble, Cap
tain and Mrs. R. Minor, Miss. Viola Minor,
Alameda: Captain and Mrs. M. Olsen, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Goerker and family, Mr.
Haake of German Hospital, Miss K.
Bernard. Miss N. Bernard, Miss H. Joost,
Lloyd H. MeussdorfCer, Professor P. W.
D'Arrsy, Mrs. J. J. Harveside, Olsen
Harveslde. Miss TiMe Ulrich. San Fran
cisco: Miss J. E. Larkin, Oakland.
CARLSBAD — The following are among
the late arrivals at Carlsbad: Mrs. Mary
L. Hullfish, Newark. N. J.: Miss A. Simp
son, H. Donegan, John Loosli. Mr. and
Mrs. Noble, J. Q. Handley. Miss Helen
Dearborn, Miss Sadie Maerle, Ralph
Whittier, Miss Louise Laporte, James
Sullivan. James McGovern. San Fran
cisco: Mrs. H. D. Hutt. Norman Hutt,
Mrs. F. Enright, Oakland.
CORONADO — Among arrivals of the
week at Hotel del Coronado are: S. C.
Pardee, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. H.
P. Starbuck, Santa Barbara: Mr. and
Mrs. F. G. Smith Jr., Mr. and Mrs. M. S.
Smith, Detroit: Mrs. M. E. Hoyle, Los
Angelfcs; Mrs. Frank R. Hicks. Elizabeth
Hicks, Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs. R. H.
Norvell, Denver; Mrs. R. Lloyd Eaton,
Miss Beatrice Bromfield, San Mateo; Mr.
and Mrs. F. S. Kelly, Mr. and Mrs. Allen
Knight, Mr. and Mrs. Lendal M. Gray,
San Francisco; J. J. Lugsdln. San Fran
cisco; C. S. Pardee. Mrs. A. Harris, Mrs.
H. S. Kingsbury. Miss S. M. KIngsbury,
Allen Knight and wife, Mr. and Mrs. F.
S. Kelly, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. H.
P. Starbuck. Santa Barbara; Mrs. N. O.
Murphy, wife of Governor N. O. Murphy
of Arizona, and son; Mrs. Paul Murphy.
Late arrivals at the new summer resort
tent city, Camp Coronado, include: Mrs.
S M. Banks. Mis* Harriet B. Eaves,
Miss A. R. Lahrae, W. Lindskoyd, Shang
hai; Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Phillips, Miss
Phillips, Pasadena; Mr. and Mrs. Elmer
Noyes. Chula Vista; Dr. E. A. Butler,
Miss Butler, Ella Cox, Mr. and Mrs.
Ralph Dillon. San Diego; Mr. and Mrs. W.
J Burke, Needles; Mr. and Mrs. D. C.
Reed. Mr. and airs. W. H. Doud, San
Diego; E. A, McFadden. New York; W.
M. Reid. Mrs. J. E. Adamson, Pomona.
Mrs. Kate Shirley and Miss Mary Tyler
gave a golf supper at the Coronado Golf
Club Tuesday evening In honor of Mrs.
Shirley's sister, Mrs. Mary Herr of Los
Angeles. Among well-known society folks
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Lewis R.
Works, Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds, Mr. and
Mrs. Jackson, Mrs. T. Morris Flower,
Mrs. Richards. Mrs. Mabel Gassen. Miss
Lena Sefton. Messrs. Wheeler J. Bailey.
Clarence Sprlgg, George L. Lawson, Cecil
Humphreys, Dr. Thomas McConkey and
Philip Butler. ' : - ,
Mrs. C. F. Mullens and Miss Mullens of
San Francisco gave a bowling party at
Hotel del Coronado Monday evening.
Those oresent were: -Mrs. Margaret Sa
bine, Syracuse, N. Y. : Mrs. Charles Mo
ses, Miss Edith Huntington, the Misses
O Connor, of San Francisco; Lieutenant
Blakeley, Dr. Odell, Richard White, Wil
liam Hume and G. H. McAlpina of the
United States steamer Ranger.
Dr. and Mrs. F. C. Hennessy of San
Diego have taken a cottage at Coronado
for the summer.
Mrs. James Adams and daughter of
Phoenix have taken the W. G. Smith cot
tage at Coronado for the summer.
VICHY SPRINGS— Those registered at
Vichy Springs during the past week 1 in
cluded: I. Oppenhelmer and wife, R. J.
Evans. John Kraft. William H. Dunn. Jo
sephine R. Ambrose; Margaret L. Dunn.
Nellie Ambrose, Joseph W. Beretta, Mary
V. Dunn, Alice Broback. J. Hoffman, W.
T.' Farley, Mrs. A. Zlnger, L. Gordon and
wife, H. . M. Peiper. . Miss . N. Carr, Mrs.
S. P. Cotton, Mrs. H. Acb, Mrs. E. Green-
office at the Garden House, Mission road.
The •following were present: I. Erb, A.
Solomon. E. Isaacs, M. Harris, George
Troy. Charles Ames. W. King. George
Geckler. Peter Creegan, Phil Lindenbaum.
Larry Campbell and Fred Wallace. Se
lections were rendered as follows: Song,
I. Erb; song, W. King; speech, E. Isaacs;
recitation. P. Lindenbaum; solo, M. Har
ris; speech, Fred Wallace; speech, Hon.
George Troy.
On Friday evening. July 13, the friends
of the members of Company H, L. C. C,
tendered them a farewell reception at
their armory, Second and Folsom streets.
After a number of vocal selections, danc
ing was continued until a late hour, after
which refreshments were served. Follow
ing are the gentlemfn who had charge of
the affair: J. N. Roberts, chairman; T.
Smith. D. Creedon. S. Rieley, M. Margt,
M. Kenny, J. Tenancy and J. Kingston.
Sailed Away.
The following Pacific Coast people sailed
for Europe on the Hamburg-American
line express steamship Columbia on the
12th inst.: Alfonso Altschul, Jacob Ehr
lich. Otto B. Schmidt, J. Abraham, H. A.
Getz. Mrs. M. Gronenberg, K. Stencel, Mr.
and - Mrs. Carl Handke, Miss Frida
Handke. "
On the new Hamburg-American line ex
¦press steamship Deutschland. from New
York on the 1Mb inst.: Miss M. L. Phelan
and maid. Miss M. Small, Miss L. Den
man, Miss Agnes Curran. W. J. Kelly,
Mr. and Mrs. James Coughlan, Dr. A.
I.ilfencrantz, Miss Wildlne Haberland,
Mrs. Matilda Haberland. Mr. and Mrs.
Fred Bruseth. J. F. Gatgens, Miss Annio
Gatgens, Master William Gatgens, Mrs.
Annie Prange and child, Mr. and Mrs. N.
Hausen and daughter, N. L. Nlllsen,
Frank Schade, H. Horstmann, Mr. and
Mrs. P. O. Stone. Mr. and Mrs. R. John
son and child Mrs. Elise Jensen, Mrs.
Minnie Barg, Miss Frieda Barg.
In the Future.
The first grand ball of the United Na
tional Association of Postofflce Clerks,
under the auspices of San Francisco
Branch No. 8, will be held on Wednesday
evening, August 1, at Native Sons' Hall:
Mr. and Mrs. J. Leopold have returned
from their wedding tour and will receive
this Sunday, July 22. at their residence,
305 Hayes street, from 2 till 5 p. m.
The Hebrew Ladies' Endeavor Society
of Alameda will give an entertainment
and dance on July 26 at Harmonle Hall,
for the, benefit of the charity fund of the
society.
The Fleur de Lis will hold a bonbon
party Tuesday evening. July 24, In Mar
tin's Hall, 113S Market street.
The Astorlas will open their 1000-1901 sea
son at Golden Gate Hall Tuesday evening,
August 7. - ¦¦
Personals.
Mrs. O. Berman and family will remain
for another month at San Rafael.
Major E. P. Enright and Colonel John
Walters are spending a month at Gllroy
Hot Springs.
Miss Alice B. May, who left here last
April with her father, Edward May, was
when last heard from at Oberammergau.
They will not visit the exposition until
September.
Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Cosgrove have left
for an extended tour of the East by way
of the Canadian Pacific.
Mrs. J. Vanni, Mibs Josephine Kearney,
Miss Eva Bolger and Master Frank Vanni
are sojourning at Fairfax.
Miss Esther Rosenbaum has returned
from a two weeks' visit to her parents at
Virginia City, New /
Mrs. I. . Magnin, accompanied by her
son, Emanutl, will leave ror the East on
Tuesdav next to remain about six weeks.
Henry Sheridan Linnell and Kate Louise
Longmaid, who were married in this city
on July 5, have returned from Shasta
Springs and are at home, 2007 Steiner
street, San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. S. F. Sutherland arrived
from the South last week. They will leave
Sunday for New York and then tour
abroad.
Mr. and Mrs. William A. LImbaugh and
daughter, Vera. will' spend several weeks
at the old family homestead in the San
Joaquin Valley.
Miss Edna W. Jones of Oakland has re
turned from her seven weeks' tour in the
southern part of the State.
P. F. Butler, accompanied by Miss
Alice Butler, left last Monday for the
East, en route to Europe. They will be
joined in New York by Miss Genevieve
Butler and then proceed to the Paris ex
position, after which they will tour
Europe for about twelve months.
The Misses S. Agnes and Kate C. Chard
are spending their vacation as guests of
Mrs. Hugn McDade, at Oak ranch, near
Stockton.
Mrs R. M. F. Soto, who has been trav
eling 'in the East for the past two years,
will return to town next week.
Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Cosgrove left Sat
urday for New York and Chicago.
E. "E. Stoddard and Mr. and Mrs. G. P.
Curtis are at Hotel Arcadia, Santa Mon
ica.
Mrs. I. Schlanker and son have gone to
Sacramento to await the arrival of Mrs.
C. Gensler after a three months' visit to
New York.
"Woodland cottage. Eastland. Mill Val
ley, has been engaged for the summer
months by Mrs. A. H. Bostlck of 207 Hyde
street. Miss Martha L. Johnson, her sis
ter, will reside with her until September,
spending the time in sketching local scen
ery.
Mrs. Joseph R. Stulz has returned from
a vi?it with Mrs. J. L. Williams at Pacific
Grove. A t home Thursdays.
Mrs. Curley and Miss Mae Curley are
spending July and August at Bartlett
Springs.
Pay Inspector of the United States Nevy
A. W. Bacon is sojourning at Byron Hot
Springs.
Mrs. John J. Carroll with her daughters,
Misses Nellie and Lottie, Is spending the*
Summer at Hotel Capitola.
R. J. Fenn, who has just returned from
a six weeks' trip to Mexico, has disposed
of his interest in Ayres" Business College
and has accepted the post of vice.prin
cipal in the Hitchcock school at San
Rafael.
Miss Lena D. Edwards of 714 Buchanan
street has gone to Santa Cruz for two
weeks.
Mrs. Max Reinhaus of Santa Ana is
visiting her mother, Mrs. B. Straus, at
42(5 Golden Gate avenue.
Dr. W. Freeman Southard returned a
few days since from a short trip to the
East. The doctor attended the annual
meeting oS the Association of American
Military Surgeons held In New York city:
the American Medical Association in At
lantic City, and the Massachusetts Medi
cal Association in Boston.
Mrs. A. Wolf of Brentwood Is visiting
her sister, Mrs. Nathan Levi, 912 Capp
street.
Mrs. J. Wllzinski and daughter have
taken apartments at the Ramona, 130
Ellis street.
Mrs. D. Levy and daughter, Mrs. Lizzie
Harris, of Sacramento, are vlBltlng In
this city. They are residing at 1277
O'Farrell street, where they will be pleas
ed to receive their friends.
Mifs Lillian Wilson has gone on a plea
sure trio to Alaska.
Miss Susie Flinn and Miss Ella Kelly
have gone to Cazadero for a few weeks.
Frank Thomas Faircloth. manager of
a local publishing house, left for the East
Julv 20 on an extended business trip.
Mrs. Carlo S. Unna of Portland is visit-
Ing her parents at 1227 Golden Gate ave
nue, and will be at home on the second
and fourth Wednesdays.
Mr. and Mrs. Abraham Harris (nee Lev
lnpston) and daughter of New York are
visiting relatives In this city. At home
Thursdays of July. 1301 Octavla street.
W. H. Wlester and family have taken
a furnished house in San Rafael, where
they will remain during the summer.
The Misses Elsie and Martha Franklin
have left for San Jose for a few weeks'
stay.
L. Hinman has returned from New Tork,
where he went to attend the annual meet
ing of the American National Dancing
Teachers' Association, held as Asbury
?ark. N. .T.. June IS, and of which associa
tion he was elected vice president.
Major E. P. Enwrlght is at Gllroy Hot
Springs.
Colonel J. B. Walters is at Gllroy Hot
Springs.
Dr. and Mrs. Clyde Payne, after an ab
sence of two years in New Tork and the
East, have returned and are the guests of
Dr. and Mrs. Redmond Payne. They have
taken permanent quarters at ¦ the Hotel
Savoy.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. McGivern are spend
inc: their summer vacation at Bay State
Villa. Santa Cruz.
Mrs. B. Blber left for New Tork Tues
day morning on a business and pleasure
trip.
Mrs. B. Lazansky will return to-day aft
er an extended trip through the Eastern
States.
Mrs. T. M. Ferguson and Miss Lillian
Curley have Just returned after a month's
trip through the southern part of the
State.
PABO ROBLES-T-Arrlvals during the
past week at Paso Roblea ; Include. . from
San Frarclsco: M. Relnhart. J. D. Mc-
Mrs. William* E. Klmball, her sister.
Miss Carrie Ramson. and sister-in-law,
Miss Joslo Thomas, and Master Charles
Kimball are spendlnsr the summer months
at Camp PistoIeEl, Marin County.
Afc tbe Resorts.
berg, James Ach, Mrs. L. Bazet and fam
ily, Miss E. Lacoste, Mrs. Mulchoy. Miss
Mulchoy, Mrs^J. W. Raphael and family,
Miss K. Conklin, Robert Ewing and wife,
Jean Ewing, Miss Rose E. Stolz, Miss
Minnie Stolz, Mrs. L. E. Blumberg, Miss
L. J. Blumberg, Walter Cook. John Bur
ton, May Ferguson, Mrs. H. L. Shaw,
Miss Shearer, William Mercer, Peter Rob
inson, Mrs. L. Hochstadter, Mrs. A. Son
nenberg, Mis3 TiUie Friesteben. A. B.
Truman and wife, L. Klet, Mrs. W. H.
Marston. Charles Berger and wife, Mrs.
M. J. Ewingr, W. H: Healey. San Fran
cisco; C. E. Cotton, P. J. iViohr and wife,
S. P. Meade and wife, J. M. Davis and
wife, Jack Davis, W. E. Bixby. Marion
Meade, W. Ward, wife and son, R. J.
White. J. Abrahamson, Oakland; C. M.
Alexander, Alameda; A. J. Farmer, Sau
saiito; Mrs. J. Levy and daughter. San
Mateo: Charles D. Desky, Honolulu.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— The fol
lowing guests registered at California Hot
Springs during the past week: From San
Francisco— S. A. Gunst, S. L. Braverman,
F. H. Abbott, Captain Matthew Turner,
P. G. Hawley Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Julius
Blumenthal and child, Miss Frieda Blu
menthal, Julius Levy, Robert Day, Miss
Aneen Lolita Day. F. E. Van Pelt,
Charles J. Faber, Charles Newman, Mrs.
M. Hanley, Miss M. Hanley. John J. Han
ley, Miss Ella Corwin, Max Solomon,
Captain Louis H. Turner and family, E.
J. Egan, Miss Nellie Mclnhill, Miss Ma
mie Mclnhill, James P. MacCormack,
Miss Keegan, Mrs. J. T. Steel, Miss M. E.
Connell. E. F. Sandy, Miss R. Cass, Jo
seph Harris, William P. Drum, Mrs. M.
I. Berliner and family, D. J. Williams.
Mrs. Hamilton, Mrs. ' Levy, Mrs. Palmer.
Mrs. M. Salomon and J, P. Carroll. From
Sacramento— Mr. and J. ,W. Marsh. Oak
land—E. Berle. Benicia— Mrs. A. E. Chap
man, Rundle Chapman and R. M. Horton.
Berkeley— James L. Drum and Will P.
Drum.
SARATOGA SPRING3-Recent arrivals
at Saratoga Springs include, from San
Francisco: Mrs. M. Lewis, Mrs. A. Stein
bergcr, N. Stelnberger, Miss Stella Triest,
Miss Irma Carnahrens, Mrs. R. Ehren
pfort. Miss A. \V. Carnahrens, Mrs. W. A.
Rosetti, Mrs. C. Schlesinger. Mrs. A.
Schwerin. Mrs. J. Thierbach. Miss Emma
Thierbach, Josie ONlel. Julia ONlel. A.
Schweitzler, Arthur Lebenbaum, Adele H.
Mack, F. Mandel and wife and baby. Mrs.
A. Marks. Ethel Marks, S. Levy and wife.
P. H. Miller and wife. II, Miller and wife,
AV. E. Lutz and wife, H. O. Plehl, L. Kleb.
Phil Kietler and wife, Miss Foard i»»iss
Hartzook. Miss M. L. Dunn. Miss M. A.
Dunn. Miss J. Ambrose. Miss M. Ambrose.
John J. Holterman. Henry W. Brlckwedel,
C. V. Pistole?!. From Alameda-Miss J.
Foard. Miss Schneider. From Oakland—
Dr. J. N. Heln. Mrs. S. White. From
Berkeley— J. S. Bunnell. Bakersrteld— Mrs.
J. M. Metcalf. Irene N. Mack, Mrs. M.
Metcalf. Guatemala. Central America—
M. Abramson. San Rafael— J. A. Saun
ders. The Misses Emma and Mamie Den
ingler of Alameda were tendered a re
ception last Sunday before leaving for
their- home,
in the future
KL.AMATH HOT SPRINGS- Recent ar
rivals at Klamath Hot Springs include:
J. S. W. Brlscoe, Miss If, Collier. Mr. and
Mrs. William Burke and child. Ellis Moss.
J. C. Cerf, E. E. Innes, A. G. Stott, San
Francisco; H. P. Brlscoo. Chico; E. B.
Osier and wife, J. M. Nielsen. Professor
Nielsen, R. M. Richardson, Sacramento;
F. J. Solinsky and family, San Andreas:
Miss E. E. Foulke. Gazelle; II. LIndley
and wife. Klamathon; C. A. Trlpp. Iger
ra; W. C. Kennedy and wife, W. P. Lyon
and wife, Fresno.
VENDOME— Late arrivals at the Hotel
Vendome. San Jose, include: \V. J. Wli
scn, M. Strong, Mrs. A. L. Langfeld and
son. J. G. Patton, F. S. Johnson, A. F..
Castle, A. W. Porter, A. G. Freeman,
Henry Schadt. W. D. Duke. Mrd. P. II.
Campbell. Miss R. G. Campbell. Mrs. G.
E. Morese, Miss Florence "Warren, Frank
lin J. Hunt, M. Friedlander. James Herr
man and wife, Q. H. AcKerman. H. li.
Chamberlin. F. D. Bates and wife. J. C.
Campbell and wife. Miss Campbell. Robe.t
W. Campbell, F. A. Tanner. Mrs. S. Clay
baugh and two children. Mrs. H. Loewe,
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Bunker, Miss Dlckins,
Miss E. Dickins, Miss Lelia Dieklns,
Georga R. "Wells and wife. Miss M. S.
Page, Mr. and Mrs. J. Jacobs, Mi&s
Hachael Leffmann, Mrs. L. Mack. Mr*.
G. Brunner, Mrs. A. E. Hyman, Mrs. J.
M. Rothschild, Miss Rothschild. Mrs. H.
Zeile. John Zelle, Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Ix»ewp, Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Hart, Mr.
and Mrs. B. M. Solomon. Mr. and Mm.
George A. Kline. C. P. Hall. L. T. Cahn.
J. Joseph and wife and daughter. Major
J. D. Hall. H. R. "Williams. F. L. Sewaii,
V. C. B. Means, H. B. Underhill Jr.. H.
P. Cottingham. Mrs. Edward J. Acker
man, F. H. Creden. Captain J. C. St.
Hubert. Mr. and Mrs. Alfred St. Evy.
Alexander G. Coulter. A. B. Field, Mr.
and Mrs. W. Kelly, Charles C. Cohen and
wife. D. W. Graves, Otto Joel and wife,
N. H. Neustadter. John A. Gill. F. J.
Mayhew. Mr. and Mrs. S. Rosenstock aiul
maid. Mrs. J. R. K. Kuttall. Miss Frank,
Julius Platshek, A. C. Presley, Mrs. C.
O. Major. A. B. Paul Jr., Frank Lally.
T. McMullen, F. J. Chandler. Owen D.
Burnett. A. L. Scott, H. V. Scott, H. 1\
Martine, S. Bauer, Mrs. Florence L.
Walker, J. R. Nuttall. From Oakland-
George Stark, Mr. and Mrs. F. Cutting.
James Cahill and wife. From Alameda —
A. Sutter. Mrs. A. Clark. Mrs. P. C. Rock
well. F. F. Rockwell. A. L. Clark. From
St. Louis, Mo.— H. B. Clark and wife,
Ralph Wylie. From San Rafael— Mrs.
Julia II. Walter, Miss Flora Walter.
From Xew York— Charles Henderson.
Miss M. Henderson. Gus Muller, Max
Levy, W. T. Solomon, N. Skinner. From
Los* Angeles— J. P. Davenport. Mrs. L.
Meyer, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Bragdon. From
Berkeley— Professor James E. Keeler, R.
Gallegos. Jr.
THE GEYSERS— The following Is the
list of arrivals at The Geysers Springs
during the past week: Theo Rothschild
and wife, David Rothschild. Miss A. Lo
wenstein, J. H. Schick, G. A. Little and
wife, B.Hauschild. Lloyd Hiatt. E. Whit
ney, Laura Uettannier, M. L. Bansynet.
Al Heinemann, Mrs. Ellas B. Cohen, Miss
Pearl Cohen. Miss Hazel Blackwell, Ger
son Price. Mrs. White, A. S. Weaver, May
J. McDonald, Adelaide M. Samuels, C. G.
Thompson, \V. B. Caldwell. Raleigh P.
Hove and wife, "W. R. S. Foye. A. H. Mel
letz. G. L. Noble, Mrs. J. T. Dowllng, Aug.
Mayer, Miss M, Baumann, Walter and
Fritz Baumann, Bertha Baumann, C.
S. Amindon and wife. Miss May Fosney,
Margaret Foley. Mrs. D. Flynn, Mrs. "Wil
liam Lobban. Miss Lilian Weil. Miss Alice
H. Allen, William H. Krobbie. N. Krob
bie. Mr. and Mrs. Ben Levi. Colonel Joe
Pil S er Dr. E. T. Schlott and wife, G. B.
Bradley. Mrs. S. Roesner, Hilde F. Rose
ner, Emma Rosener, Lottie Saalburjr,
John Nugent. E. L. L. Johnson, Miss M.
Feely. Henry Ottens and wife. Mrs. J.
Dwyer,. Agnes Dwyer, Mary Dwyer, Ag
nes Mann, Alice Brady. Charlotte E. Pro
vost Mary L. Crittenden, A. Martin. P.
Degan and wife. Mrs. Frank Katz. Miss
M Anderson. Mrs. T*annie E. Buckland.
Theo L.angi?uth and wife. Miss Mary
H Irakis Miss Mabelle McClelland. John
Driscoll, Mrs. M. G. Perkins. Miss A. Hur
ley Gale Perkins. Wilbur F. Knapp,
San Francisco; George H. Headley and
wife W. H. Quinn, Mrs. E. E. Atkinson
and 'wife. Miss Mabel Langevln, Hal At
kinson, Alice Bradley. Daisy V. E. Bowen,
Lottie E. Bowen, Mrs. Prentiss Selby,
Mrs. Charles H. -Lovell. Charles Kydd and
wife. Paul Kydd. U A. S. Salger, Miss
May Harrington, Miss Martha Harring
ton. Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Cooler. A. E.
Cooley, Miss Susan M. McFeily. Miss
Clara L. Abbott, W. J. Whitney. Mrs. J.
Cal Ewing and daughters, Oakland: W.
D. Littleton and wife, Mrs. R. M. Garrett.
Eugene Littleton. Mrs. Field, James R.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULt^ 22, 1900.
34
SOCIETY
- Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps.
Scalp treatment.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE^
838 MARKET ST. • .
Halrdresslng, 25c; manicuring. 23c: ahampoo-
las, 25c; facial massage and steaming. ; —
THE ELITE BLACKHEAD ERADICATOR
permanently removes blackheads and reduces
the pores of the skin.
ELITE SKIN FOOD— Youth and Beauty pre-
served by uslnj? this marvel of the a*e. Keeps
the skin smooth, white and pliable. . , %
ELITE FACE POWDER— This powder Is
chemically- pure and is a prevention for super-
fluous hair. ¦ ...
ELITE HAIR GROWER— Removes dandruff,
stimulates the scalp, produces a quick growth
and makes the hair soft and bright.
SYDNEY, New South Wales.
Australia. March 12, 1900.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE.
The wife of an American captain -tells me
she wa> permanently cured of superfluous hair
by using your B. B. B. Enfjllsh Caramel.
Please send one package. Respectfully,
MRS..J. R. B.
Sold Under a Guarantee to Rsmove
Superfluous Hair and Also Prevent its
Growth. >2'-'M
B. B. B. ENGLISH CAROMEL
HAIR ¦«• • V T
UN lilt \ *r^j6
PERMANENTLY r^T J /%>
REMOVED. v m<
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
bulMlnK. 1H0 Market street, cor. Taylor^ rooaS
»,». with th« electric needle without "pita^
scar. Permanency guaranteed: hours X to 4 d ml
What the World"* Greatest Serpentlna Dancer
LOIE FULLER,
Says about the Skla Food and TIssu* Builder
BRAHMAN ,
TOILET CREAM: jfci^Sr*^
"1 certainly can rccom-
men.l your delightful 4£vrl*^Pit«
Brahman Toilet Cream Jx*i.t&r *» V^Q8
as the best thine Tor its ftSCTijlgJa
purpose I hav 9 , V er "T^3R
used." Price, 2oc. Brah- i'"fii ifji iiraf
man Tooth Powder. 25c SSiLTjSB*
AU drugjlsts and at
A. W. Traverse. M. D. Tlinfijggxt.
ror Malaria ana all Bowel PatosTAU £u«tat£
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's |
4 |p|| Hair |
Uay^^Rcstorcri
Actually Restores GRAY OR FADED Hair to !
Its youthful looks In FOUR DAYS. Not a dye, J
Is pleasant to use $1 a bottle, all drug- :
gists. 1 TREE treatment to all purchasers. s
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, j
j Dermatologist, 78-80 Geary St.3.P. J
Sloan, Mrs. Bessie I. Sloan. Vera Bessie
Sloan. Maud B. Sloan. Alameda; Miss M.
Forbes, Misa M. Barry. W. A. Bailey.
Stanlev Jones. Lister Thompson, Miss F\
H. Forb«fl, Miss Helen Forbes, Miss D.
Thompson, J. Mitchell. Ed Mitchell,
Xapa; A. D. Shortt and wife. Washington.
D. C: Miss T. Weaver. Kansas City; G.
P. Bradley and wife. Mare Island. P. P.
McPeak. Santa Rosa; LIda Coddlngton.
Berkeley.
BLUE LAKES— The following guests
registered at Blue Lakes during the past
¦week: Miss "Vera Colman. A. B. Truman
and wife. William Curlett and wife. Miss
Ethel Curlett. Master Elkan Gunst, T. D.
P. Mesick. Miss E. H. Horton, Mrs. C. M.
Walker, Miss L. Oppenhelmer, Mrs. T.
Oppenheimer. A. E. Curlett. S. W. Ehr-
man. Dr. Z. Levin. D. B. Mackay, A. AI-
tenburf . S. B. Pauson, Ben Baum, Sylvan
Selifr. M. Savanah, Edwin D. Bachman,
E. Gordon and wife, Mrs. Cotton. Wil-
liam Lalb, John A. l>egan, Orland Orr.
A. Goetgen. C. Malloy. J. Snowgrass.
Fred D. Bartlett. L. A. Hewitt. Dr. S. F.
Shields. E. Peterson. C. H. Shields. W. J.
Shields. J. L. Vermeil and wife. San Kran-
cisco; Herbert Keellncr. Lakeport: Mr. and
Mrs. Louis G. Dreyfus and family. Santa
Barbara: Miss Louise Kellogg, Miss Abba
T. Kelloggr. Oakland: Charles M. Sadler,
Alameda: Miss Anbv Jewell. Del Foun-
tain; Miss Anita Hlshop. Santa Rosa;
Charles S. Desky. Honolulu; J. II. High-
tower. Ukiah; Mrs. L. W, Kuhland, Ralph
Kuhland, Benicia: Mr. and Mrs. H. U.
Gardiner, C. K. Gardiner, Crockett.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, SanJ?raaaiK».
UNION SQUARE.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Silk Lustre English Crepons,.formerly $2.00, at $1.50
Merceretta and Poplin Novelties, .formerly $1.75, at.. §1.25
Novejty Etamines, formerly $f.25,.at. .„ 50c
20 pieces Storm Cheviots, special at.-. . . ... •'....••.•. 50c
600 Remnants, 1} to 5 yards. . . AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES
F^ive Very
Interesting Offers!
Final Reductions!
CITY ?! #fe PARIS}
Dry Goods "^^^^ Company. 1
I | jlj ** .(jct^jf ! |Sj ¥^" makes a d ark skin
'Jftlf ' iJ'EvJ '^ Mffiifi l&rf - lighter ' Nearer, pur-
\W'A i /r W^zA i' 1 1 'it Wf er< !t is a medicinal
ME^IJ^twJrS "I I Im p reparation which
J\&\1$MMr\ ~h l| : W cures - jt actualI y coaxes a
W\ Ira) IB! ill!"!!' %l \4§\w> new skin t0 the surface -
h ffil'wrf/jfh fw>>JS^> The removing of tan is
\$fif\&WtO\ Ilil^f^T th e least important of its
RrtffilifllluJuiiluliiiiJlillJ l]!« **-*¦! accomplishments. "" It re-
moves Blotches, Pimples, Moth and Liver Patches, and restores the
dear, transparent beauty of youth. .
ANITA CREAM AND TOILET CO.. Los Anjeles. Cal. EDGARTON, Kan.. Jan. 1, 1900.
Dear Sir*— After tpenaing ilx weeks at the beach I was advised by a friend to use vour "Anita
Of ax" to remove the tan. I came East the same day I bought it and so did .not use It until I retched
home. All myfrlenfis who saw me tbt first week here. Mid. "How black you arc." - In ten days the
same people reparked how white and lovely was my complexion. ¦ ¦ "¦ -
I feel that I cannot do without It. I tend you amount for two more boxes. Do' yon have any
acents ? ! have not had a pimple on tr.y face since using; it. and before I was troubled alt the time.
Yours truly. MISS FANNIE COLLINS.
Fell particular*. Instructions and a free caaplt will be nailed to any address upon receipt of 2c
postate. Anita Cream a Toilbt Co.. 207 Franklin St.. Los Angelas. Cal. ~*sachem, was presented a beautiful em
blematic badge in recognition of services
rendered to the tribe. The presentation
en behalf of the tribe was by Porter L.
Bliss. G. C. or R.
Bald Eagle Tribe received a fraternal
visit last Wednesday night from Porter
L. Bliss, G. C. of R.; James Boyes, P. S.;
L. Hcff. P. S., and Henry A. Chase, P. G.
S.. and all were cordially welcomed. This
tribe will give a picnic at San Lorenzo
Grove to-day. y
Committees are being appointed to take
action in the matter of having the order
take part in the Admission day celebra
'charles F. Burgman. P. G. S., and for
many years great chief of records, now a
resident of Florida, will arrive In this city
in time to be with the Great Council dur
ing its sessions. , .
The team of Modoc Tribe is drilling hard
under the leadership of Peter L. Hoff
and II. A. SIoss in order to compete for
the trophy before the Great Council.
Foresters.
Independent
Last Tuesday night there was a special
meeting of the board of deputies to con
sider an invitation to participate In the
Admission day celebration. Dr. J. G.
Crawford presided and after hearing the
Sran<1 marshal of the parade, chairman of
me parade committee and other mem
bers of the committee, it was decided to
accept the invitation and to enlist the co
operation of the courts, the high chief
ranger, tlic deputy supreme chief ranger
resident here and the supreme officers, in
the celebration. ,
The following named are the officers of
Court Pomona, the lirst Companion court
instituted in this city. It had its birtn m
Court V*rba Kuena: Lilly Petroschka.
court deputy; Eveline Bernard, chef
ranger; Kutherir.e P. Gerdes, past chief
ranger; Mildred Marks, vice chief ranger;
May K. Avery. recording secretary: taole
Murphy, financial secretary: fc.Ha McCarr
rey treasurer; Emilie Schnoor, orator:
Leonora Werener. superintendent of
juvenile courts; Mary Nevlns. senior, and
Mamie Prince, junior woodward; Anna
Larais. senior, and Emilie Evans, Junior
beadle.
Lincoln Relief Corps.
The members of Lincoln Relief Corps of
the Auxiliary to the Grand Army of the
Republic gave an entertainment in their
hall on the night of the 5th inst. There
were present the members of Lincoln Post
No. 1. G. A. R-. as specially invited
guests; the department president ana
staff, and many members of Lyon Post
of Oakland. During the evening the many
present were favored with addresses by-
Captain Samuel Carpenter. Adjutant
General T. C. Masteller. Department
President Mrs. Cora A. Merritt and Col
onel C. Mason Kinne. who spoke feeling
ly of the patriotic work in which the
ladies are engaged and closed with a high
tribute to the loyal women of America.
Dr. J. G. Crawford favored with a reci
tation: Miss Dickey and Mrs. Dot S.
Mortimer with vocal selections: MfS-
Barnstead gave selections on the violin,
and Harry W. Mortimer had pleasant
things to say. Refreshments were
served during the evening.
Ancient Order Workmen.
The officers of Franklin Lodge No. 44
were installed by Deputy Bowman, assist
ed by Grand Recorder Spencer as grand
guide. The lodge has selected an ener
getic set of officers and under their direc
tion It is expected that the lodge will
make a good showing duBng the term.
district Deputy McKnight. assisted by
members of the extension committee, dur
ing the past week Installed the officers of
Alta, Excelsior and Liberty lodges. The
last named, at Ocean View, after the cer
emonies entertained the installing officer
and his assistants in a lavish manner, and
there were many Instructive speeches.
Noe Valley Lodge is making good pro
gress, and at its last held meeting hafl a
number of applications on hand.
The officers of St. John Lodge were in-
Stalled last Thursday nignt by the deputy
of District No. 7, assisted by Grand Re
corder Spencer as past grand master
workman, J. Meyers, grand master work
man of Washington Lodge as grand
foreman and Walter Malloy, secretary of
the extension committee, as grand guide.
After the ceremony the new officers of
the lodge treated the installing officers
and the members and visitors to a colla
tion and fine cigars. The work of the
extension committee was described by the
secretary of the extension committee, the
grand recorder told of the condition of
the order in the State and called atten
tion to the fact that death losses are paid
in from nineteen to twenty-five days, and
there were addresses by Deputy Bowman,
J. Meyers. P. M. W.; L. J. Xevers, P. M.
W. and others.
The officers of Valley Lodge were in
stalled by E. W. Joy. P. M. W. After the
ceremony Past Grand Master Barnes pre
sented a handsome badge to Past Master
Sharp and the installing officer presented
a like token from the lodge to Past Mas
ter Gedge.
DegTee of Honor.
The officers of Silver Spray Lodge were
installed last Tuesday night by District
Deputy Mrs. Crawley, assisted by Mrs.
Stewart, P. S. C. of H., and Miss Donnel
ly, grand recorder. Then followed a re
ception or welcome home to W. H.
Barnes, who is a member of the advisory
board, and Mrs. Stewart, who Is on the
committee on arbitration of the supreme
body.
Forget-me-not Lodge at its last held
meeting admitted one stranger by Initia
tion.
Th« officers of Ivy Lodge were installed
in Oakland last week.
The Native Daughters.
The officers of Darlna Parlor will be
publicly installed in Franklin Hall to
morrow night. There will bo the presen
tation of a beautiful flag to the parlor.
The officers of Fremont Parlor will be
installed In its new headquarters in the
Foresters' building next Wednesday
night. Miss McRea, D. D. G. P., will be
the installing officer. .
Among the visitors at the office of Grand
Secretary Miss Frakes last week were
Mrs. C. P. Vicinl and Mrs. M. Marks of
Amapola Parlor, Sutter Creek, and Mrs.
Callie Shlleds of Plymouth, one of Forest
Parlor's most active members. Mrs.
Shlleds has been grand inside sentinel, has
represented her parlor several times In
the Grand Parlor and has served several
terms as district deputy grand president.
Miss Cooper, who is serving her second
term as president of Santa Cruz Parlor,
was also a visitor. Miss Cooper, who was
a delegate to the last held Grand Parlor,
is one of the very bright women of the
order.
Camella Parlor mourns the loss of ono
of Its most faithful workers. Miss Agnes
Boycroft, who died from the effects of
Injuries received in a runaway accident a
few days ago. /
Miss Pearl Talbot of Amapola Parlor,
whose hands were so frightfully mangled
and burned some time since in a steam
laundry. Is slowly recovering and It is
believed now that she will regain the use
of both her hands.
Agnes M. Lee. D. D. G. P., installed the
officers of San Miguel Parlor on the 13th
inst.. those of San J-ulsita Parlor on the
ISth and those of the parlor at Paso
Rohles on the 17th Inst.
Mrs. Alice Mahoney of this city has
gone to Petaluma to reorganize Lomita
Parlor, which surrendered lta charter in
the long ago.
Woodmen of the World.
With a view to bring about a closer
fraternal friendship the members of the
several camps of the Woodmen of the
World of this city have decKIed to have
a grand theater party In th© Grand Opera
house on the nlcht of the 3£th Inst., on
which occasion "The Great Ruby" will be
presented by the Frawleys. -In addition
the drill team of the banner camp of this
city. Golden Gate No. 64. will appear on
the stage and give an exhlbitfon drill. In
order that all who are members of Golden
Gat»s Tarnalpais and San Francisco
camps, which meet on that night; may
have an opportunity to attend the show
thft clerks of these camps will be in their
respective halls at G o'clock in the even-'
Inr to attend to anything the member**
may desire to see them about. The affair
is in the hands of the following commit
tee:
M. S. de Roco. "Western Addition Camp-
D. Gordan and B. T. Schell, Ban Fran
cisco Camp: Dr. Estes and L. Vincent.
Tamalpais Camp; Dr. Neimier, Richmond
Camp: G. W. Schweinhard. Redwood
Camp; W. J. Blaisdell, Calumet Camp;
Ambrose McSweeney, Progress Camp; S.
H. Stewart and H. B. Maggs. Mission
Camp: T. F. Qulnlan, J.. Boyle. J.H.
Bright. L. S." Raabe and V. G. Raymora,
Golden Gate Camp; W. G. Cressey, chair
man.
Tamalpais Camp, during the contest
started on tha flm of last May with ,
The following named ladies have been
appointed the committee to have charge
of the "Old English Tea Party'" entertain
ment and dance to be given by Britannia
Lodge No. 7 of the Daughters of St.
Georjre on August 22 in its hall: ;Mmes.
E. Gross, Heiritt. Davis, Meadows.
Staples, Beauford, Witts, A. Creba. Brier
ley, LJddicoat^ Jewitt, P. A. Wiliams,
Harries and Miss Ball.
One of the prominent lodges of the or
der Is beginning- to appreciate by the drop
ping off of the attendance at the meet
ings that "kicking" by a few members is
not conducive to the best interest of the
membership.
)
Daughters of St. George.
Lincoln Lodge had a meeting last Mon
day night, but nothing of importance was
done.
The officers of Mizpah Lodge were in
stalled in public on last Wednesday night.
After the induction of the officers into
their respective stations, there was a
social hour which was very pleasant.
On the night of the 25th the officers of
Harmony Loc^ge will be Installed and sev
eral candidates will be presented for
initiation.
Last Tuesday evening the officers of
Pioneer Lodge were installed in public
in the presence of a large number of
members of the order and of their frlende.
This lodge is noted for harmony In its
proceedings and Is making good progress.
Friends of the Forest.
The officers of Evans Council will be In-
Stalled in public on the night of the 26th,
after which there will be dancing.
At the last held meeting of Sacramento
Council five petitions for admission were
presented and referred to the committee
on investigation.
and Teutonia councils.. The consolidated
councils will retain the name of Teutonia
and will work in the German language.
On the 11th Inst. Covenant Council of
Georgetown Initiated four candidates.
At the assignee sale of shoes. The special
inducements to-morrow will be calf shoes
for men. shoes and ties In tan and black
for ladies, all to be sold for $1 25 a pair.
None worth less than $3 00. These shoes
are up to date, latest styles and all sizes
at the assignee sale of shoes, 775 Market
street, near Fourth. •
You Will Be Expected
J. Harold Webb-Peploe, alias J. J. A-
Powell. was released from custody by or
der of Judge Hebbard yesterday on a writ
of habeas corpus. He was arrested on In
formation received by Captain Seymour
that he was wanted in Ouray. Colo., on
charges of larceny as bailee and embezzle
ment. Attorney Thomas Y. Bradshaw,
who was the cause of the arrest, arrived
here Friday, and yesterday he sent a note
to Captain Seymour thanking him for his
kindness and apologizing for not having
time to call before returning to Ouray.
Webb-Peploe Is Released.
Western Addition Camp to secure mem
bers, has been very active, for it has in
that time initiated forty-eight candidates
and still has forty-one to initiate before
the close of the month. The contest will
soon close and the losing camp will have
to banquet the winning one, that is It
will have to pay for a supper for the new
members and those who introduced them
into the camp.
On the 13th of August there Is to be an
excursion of Woodmen to Salt Lake City
to attend the head camp session, which
is to open on the 15th of that month. The
party will include twenty delegates from
this State, the eight delegates from the
Women of Woodcraft, the degree team of
Golden Gate Camp and about two hun
dred members of the order who will take
advantage of the cheap rates offered in
order to enjoy a vacation. The excursion
ists will be permitted to take with them
such friends as would like to accompany
them on the trip.
Foresters of America.
The members of Court Justice of the
Foresters of America will, on the 29th
Inst.. In company -with their friends, at
tend a grand picnic to be given in Sunset
Park under the auspices of Justice Club,
composed exclusively of members of the
court. The music will be furnished byTL
band composed of members of the court.
Steps are being taken to organize a Ger
man lodge of the order at Lodi.
Court *San Francisco has arranged for
a social to be given on the night of the
15th Of August.
Samuel Marks, the junior past chief
ranger of Court Bay City, whose death
occurred last week, was one of the ener
getic members of the order and a most
ardent Forester.
Last week Grand Secretary Cordy vis
ited Court Farragut at Vallejo and In
stalled the officers for the current term.
After the installation there was a social
hour.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High Chief Ranger Boehm on last
"Wednesday paid an official visit to Court
San Mateo and while there Installed the
officers for the current term.
The same night Permanent Secretary
John Falconer visited Court Menlo Park
and Installed the officers.
The high chief ranger last week In
stalled the officers of Court Eureka. Dur
ing the evening there was a presentation
of a beautiful badge to the retiring chief
ranprer. James Mallady.
The officers of Court Bohemian and
those of Bohemian Circle were installed
at a Joint meeting. Mrs. Flick, the retir
ing chief companion of the circle, was
presented a fine emblematic jewel. The of
ficers of Court Piedmont and those of
Piedmont Circle wero also installed
at a joint meeting. There were three
presentations — a badge to the retiring
chief companion of the circle, a silver but
ter knife to Mrs. Roberts, the treasurer,
and a watch fob to J. J. Roberts, the
treasurer of the court.
Last Friday night High Chief Ranger
Boehm paid an official visit to Court Alca
traz.
The officers of Court Sherwood Forest
were installed by the board of deputies.
Companions of the Forest.
The officers of Alba Circle of Vallejo
were installed last week by the Supreme
Grand officers.
The National Union.
Fidelity Circle had an open meeting last
Monday night and It was a great success,
both as to attendance and excellence of
the programme offered for the benefit of
the members and friends. This circle has
been very active of late and Is doing much
to keep to the front. v
The officers of Washington Circle will be
publiclv installed next Tuesday night in
the Foresters' building.
Pacific Council at its last held session
had fourteen strangers to Initiate Into the
mysteries of the order. This council has
been extremely active of late.
Yosemite Council, which for a time was
quite inactive, has, since it moved into
its new quarters, taken on a new lease of
life and is doing remarkably well in the
matter of adding to its roll of members.
Golden Gate Council will at Its meeting
next Tuesday night have several candi
dates to Initiate. The quartet of this
council, ono of the best In the city, has
returned from a vacation. It will during
the evening render new selections.
dder of Americus.
San Francisco Council No. 14 of the Or
der of Americus will next Tuesday night
tender a reception to its new department
manager, W. L. Morrison, of Pennsylva
nia, who has been detailed for. duty on
this coast. •
Choppers' Friendship Club.
The second entertainment given on last
Thursday night, in Native Sons' Hall, by
the Choppers' Friendship Club, an auxil
iary of the Woodmen of the World, was
well attended and was a most delightful
affair. The programme was a very accept
able one, the numbers being all first class
and were well received with many marks
of approval. The dance which followed
was kept up until the hour of midnight.
That part of the evening's entertainment
was under the direction of the following
committees: Reception— William Krause
(chairman), C. Kaufman, R. A. A. Sum
mer. G. W. Thomas. J. F. Casey, F. E.
McKay, F. H. Mayers. Floor — Dr. A. D.
McLean (manager), A. B. Muller (assist
ant manager), J. F. Sherer, O. Olsen, L.
Heeley, W. G. Brown, E. K. Watklns.
Knights of iionor.
During the past week the officers of
Polar Star Lodge were Installed by T.
Learned, P. G. D., and those of Tahoe
Lodge at Berkeley were Installed by Grand
Dictator Archibald and Grand Reporter
Johnston.
The officers' of Germania Lodge will be
installed on Tuesday evening next.
Last Monday night the grand dictator
paid a visit to Liberty Lodge and address
ed it on the state of the order. Three ap
plications were received.
Last Wednesday night American Eagle
Lodge gave a smoker which was attend
ed by a large number of people. Several
applications were a result of that meeting.
The officers of Leland Stanford Lodge
were Installed last Thursday night by
Deputy W. H. Howard. Next Wednes
day night the same deputy will install the
officers of San Francisco Lodge.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Golden West Tent at Its last held re
view had a number of -visitors from San
Francisco, Pacific and Oakland tents, and
under good of the order there was a very
pleasant and entertaining evening. This
tent with the others expects to meet In the
new quarters at 24 Fourth street In the
early part of August.
The officers of San Francisco Tent were
installed by State Commander S. W. Hall
on the night of the 13th inst. During the
evening the degree team of this tent
initiated. In the amplified form, three
strangers, the work being done on the
lines that have won so much praise for
the team. During the closing days of the
current month the tent will banquet all
the hustlerB who have done good work
during the past month, the event to be at
one of the leading rotlsseries.
Young lien's Institute.
Order of Chosen Friends.
Grand President St. Sure paid a visit to
Cooper Council at Ocean View last Thurs
day night.
T. J. Savage, president of the lecture bu
reau delivered a lecture before the coun
cil In Napa last Thursday. " ; .
Supreme President Pierce will visit
Ferndale. Council No. 94 on the 25th Inst. -
St. Raphael Council of San Rafael has
arranged for an entertainment on the
night of the 26th Inst. :. .' . .
Strossmayer Council gave a party in
Austrian Hall last night, at which there
was a good attendance of members and
friends.
On the night of the 11th inst. Grand Re
corder Wallis, assisted by Grand Assist
ant Councilor D. J. Hartley, Installed the
officers of Sacramento Council. After the
ceremonies there was a social hour and
refreshments.
The officers of Social Council were In
stalled by District Deputy Taylor, ¦assist
ed by Grand Recorder Wallis, at an open
meeting, after which there were present a
large number of friends of the members
and a number of the grand officers/ The
ceremony was followed, by an entertain
ment and a dance.
Last Tuesday night Past Grand Coun
cilor Boehm. assisted by Grand Sentry
Mrs. A, Boehm, consolidated Ger mania
Improved Order Red Men.
Last Wednesday night at the council of
M&nzanlut Trlba W. Y. Xeish. the retiring
Order of the Eastern Star.
Mrs. Lulu Lucas, associate jrrand ma
tron, has been making official visits In the
southern part ol the State inspecting the
chapters and holding schools of Instruc
tion.
Next Tuesday nijjht Ivy Chapter will
have several candidates to initiate
Grand Patron Darling paid a visit last
Thursday night to Oakland Chapter and
was wen received.
Last Tuesday evening the officers of
Berkeley Chapter initiated six candidates.
Tho ceremony was attended by a large
nurnr><»r of members and visitors
Minion Chapter had an entertaining
rnettir.g en July 14. and after the business
zr.fre was a pleasant social hour.
Golden Gate Chapter Is arranging for a
chwaren s night to be given during the
month of August.
The Odd Fellows.
Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes has re
turned from his recent visit of five weeks
to the East. While in New York he called
on the grand secretary of the Grand
Lodge of Xew York. J. G. Deulert. and
through him was introduced to George
W. Diikes. P. G. M. He also paid a visit
to Asbury Park.
Reports from variou* parts of the State
show a favorable condition of all branches
of the order.
Brigadier General Browj?r of the Patri
archs Militant installed the officers of the
canton at Sana Rosa last Wednesday, be
ing- assisted in the work by Colonel Wever
of Alaineda.
G. T. Jones has been installed as noble
grand of Magnolia Lodge. J. Church was
installed as vice grand. Sam Polack re
cording secretary, H. Stern financial sec
retary and S. H. Malher treasurer. The
noble grand was appointed a committee
cf one from his lc-dse to confer with a
Mice corr.mitte* from other local lodges
to discuss the advisability of inviting the
Sovereign Grar.d Lod£» to have its i&.'l
session la this city.
When the Sovereign Grand Lodge shall
rx» in session thi? year a carload of Cali
fornia fruit will be forwarded for distri
bution there, po that the delegates may
have an opportunity to taste some of the
California products.
The officers of Spartan Lodge were in
stalled lasr Wednesday by Deputy District
Grand Master A. J. Styche In the pres
ence of a large number of Interested per
pnr.s.
The B-ebekahs.
Oriental Rebekah Ilodge will have a
party on August L It has been designated
a* an "A- P. G. O. party."
Favorable rei>orts are being received
frcm all lodges of the Rebekahs ta the
State.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge has arranged for
a gTand party to be given on the night of
the SOth Inst.
The officers of Amity Rebekah Lodge
were installed by Mrs. Cyrus. D. D. P..
an<l at the ciose of the ceremony, which
•was public. Mrs. Zelpler. the retiring noble
grand, was presented with a beautiful re
galia and a handsome emblematic pin.
She Tvas highly complimented upon the
very successful term. Mrs. Zeigler then,
on behalf of the past noble grands of
th«> locee and herself, for whom Melville
P. Forbes has acted as drillmaster, pre-
Fcnted him a beautifully embroidered col
lar emblematic of a past grand patriarch
and jast grand of a subordinate.
The public installation of the officers of
Templar Lodge was one of the most at
tractive of the season. The hall had been
converted into a forest with large
branches of trees of various kinds and
beautiful flowers, the effect being height
ened with a lavish display of the colors
of the order. 1 he officers were inducted
Into office by District Deputy Mrs. Cyrus,
assisted by Mrs. Alma Isabel Jensen, mar
shal of the Assembly of California. After
the ceremony Major Jack Thompson, on
be- half of the lodge, presented a handsome
regalia to the retiring noble grand appro
priate to her rank, and took occasion to
congratulate the lady upon the successful
termination of an arduous term. George
W. Monteith presented on behalf of the
loc?e a fine jewel to the retiring past no
ble grand.
At a private installation In Walhalla
Lodge the following named were Inducted
into office: Georgiana Hencken, P. X. G. ;
Josephine Decroux, X. G. ; Emma Gren
rnntrer. V. G. : Mary Hocking. PL S.: Tillle
Unvote, F. R.: Julia Mark?. T.; Dora Van
Boseo, C; Dora Feyhl. W.; Annie Suhr
and Sophie Schultz. R. and L. S .to N. G.:
Btrtha Srhultz and Bertha Proll. R. and
L. S. to V. G.; Lillie Meredith. Chaplain.
The Elks.
It Ss stated that twenty-five life mem
bers of San Francisco Lodge are about
to surprise the members by presenting to
It a beautiful mounted elk for the lodge
rc.om. to be a companion to the one re
cently presented by Mr. Louisson. The
•ways and means committee is at work
en a programme frr the entertainment of
guest* on the n^xt ladies' night. It Is
b'.so arranging for the entertainment of
J. O. Rois on his return. Robert Lloyd,
one of the "babies" of the lodge. Is organ
izing a Quintet. Charles H. Ward left last
Wednesday for Salt Lake City to be ab
eent two months.
Th» lodge In Fre«no is prospering, hav
ing now 174 members. At the last held
meeting two applications were filed and
three strangers were initiated. This lodge
is mxrangtng for an Elks' benefit In Sep
tember.
Secretary McKinnon of the San Luis
Obispo Lodge is working hard for the
lodge, he having proposed six candidates
during- the past month. J. Whicher, one
of the very energetic members of the
lodge, la working to beat that record.
The lodge will soon have a membership
of 100.
Th<* Cl«lco lodge reports progress. It
has r.nw te. membership of eighty-three.
At the last held, meeting there were five
initiations and four applications. The
members are talkir.g of gettting up a
etreet fair.
Grass Valley Lodge will have three
candidates to initiate at its next meeting.
It is fair to state that the members of
Oakland Lodge will make a finer showing
in the 10th of September parade in this
city than they did in the Fourth of July
turnout at San Jose. The lodge is boom
ing and in consequence Johnny Hanifin
Is enjoying good health.
The lodges of Vadejo and Redlands
have committees out looking up sites on
which to erect hall*. The herds in tho
cities earned need more grazing ground.
There is some talk of Instituting a
lodge !n Alaxneda.
B. MagTilre of the Lexington. Kv..
lodge is in this city sightseeing and he
has gained a favorable impression of San
Francisco Elks.
The Druids.
The noble grand arch has called a
meeting for the 30 inst.. In Druids' Hall,
of delegates for each of .the lower groves
and those in Alameda County for the pur
poee of making prej>arations to partici
pate In the parade on admission day.
At Its last held meeting El Dorado Cir
cle Initiated three candidates and received
seven applications. Alter the work of the
evening Mrs. Gosh. J*. A. D.. invited all
to accompany h'-r to her home, where
there was s«-rved a liffht collation in
honor of her birthday. Uater in the even-
Jr.g the lady's husband invited all present
to partake of a banqut t which was prom
ised in cafe the circle should attain a
membership of 100. The circle now has
106 mtaibtre. There was a very enjoyable
Martnagle Chapter had one Initiation
last week. The chapter gives promise of
doinp w« 11 this ye*r. The degree work in
this chapter, given ny officers In uniform.
Is grand in the extreme and decidedly
impressive. The chapter is one of the
oldest in the L'nlt«Mi States, having be«n
instituted in the sixties.
On the nlpht of the 2Sth inst. Laurel
Grove will tender a reception to Past
Arch James Kagan. who. owing to the In
ability of Supreme Representative Frank
Lewis to attend the session at Indianapo
lis, will go -on as his alternate.
' Giordano Grove of Slsson reports In
itiations at #>very meeting. The grove has
ordered a new s<=t of regalia for the offi
cers and members.
Garden Grove of Pan Jose had three In
itiations at its last held session.
F. W. Smith of Redding called on the
grand secretary last week and reports
Druidism flourishing In that part of the
State. ,
Report? from a number of Grand Groves
fhqw an increase in different parts of the
United States.
The past noble grand arch haa Invited
all past arches of this city to meet him
at 2 o'clock on the afternoon of Sunday,
August 5, for the purpose of taking steps
jo form a Past Arches' Association as
sanctioned by the Grand Grove at Its last
held session.
Latest News of fraternal Organizations.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
35
Address A. BETTE53. M (jr.. Byron Eat Springs. CaL
Call os Lombard A Co., City Agents, ZS Qttrj, City.
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accosuBodattoas
for families and sportsmen. Flrst-claas tab!*.
All kinds of <Jalry produce. Fine- spring water*
Rates 17 up. Send for elrcular. C. B, W.
BRUNIXC. Santa Rosa. CaL
Iron and Magnesia Springs. These eelebrsreel
swrlnrs adjoin Bartlett Springs. Fishing: hunt-
l£r: home coklnc: good beds: e»tolW«*I
eottairm for housekeeping. MRS. H. HOPPIN.
Bartlett Spring?. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th* waters ar» noted for their thousands ol
rare* of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial ,
Polsontcs;. Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural--
jrla. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urlrvir*
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renoratedj
Baths refitted and Improved. MagntScenC
reentry, dellchtfal walks. Huntlns; and fish..
Inr No fog*- Uneqnaled for health, rest and.
recreation. Rat*»»-$12 to J14 per week. Trains)
leart Third and Townsend streets. 8. T., t a.
m. and S:4S P. m. daily. Carriages at Ollrrrr
for springs. Fcr inn*trat«t rwrnphlets addreas)
R. ROBZRTSOS. Proprietor.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
Tada. near Colfax. on the C P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat; finest scenery, water, mountain
air fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia: Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 1M mtles from San Francisco; IS a
week: open all year: s*nd for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRIXGS. Ctalcaro Park. CaL
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN Is th» best camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and stomaca
complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In th«
world: 45 miles from S. F. The 8. P. R. R.
and 8. F. and N. P. R. R- give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
cark Mineral. water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C a CDOSNELL. offlce 1031H
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. 8. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
PABAISO DOT SPRINGS, Cmplm^i r °L.
Monterey County. CaL— For health. re«t.
ellm&t* that cannot b« xpuJed: up-to-<5as«
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers; hot soda, sulphur aad electrta
baths: swimming tank SfotO feet Our masseur*
are all irraduates. Huntlns; and flsh!n«;: chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis aa<S
danc« hull: larc» hotel and 20 eottagrea. aford-
Ina; rpeclal accommodations far families' : aU
Illuminated by ran. By train. Third and Town-,
rend streets. San Francisco. 9 a. m. : Fint aa4
Broadway. Oakland. >:10 a. m. dally for Sol*-'
dart, then by stage over beautlfnl level road 1
miles ta springs. Round-trip tickets. S8. at S.
P. ofOce. m Mark»t street Tel»phon« and
postofflce. For Illustrated pamphlet* and far-
ther Information address E. L. PERRACLT.
M. D-. proprietor and »esldent physician.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
The place for health, rest afld fun. Fif-
teen different mineral springs for icood
health: to enjoy the fun. Send for booklet.
J MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O.. Lake
Co. Cal. 416 Pine St.. city offlce.
AMUSEMENTS.
COMMENCING MATINEE TO-DAY, STJNDAT,
JULY 22.
"THE ALLIED FORCES" OF VAUDEVILLE.
SULLIVAN and WEBBER
In Blanche Marsden's Farcette, "THE
JANITOR."
...MAZIE KING...
The Famous Electrical International Dancer.
MEEKER -BAKER TRIO
Europe's Greatest Comedy Acrobats.
JESSIE PADGHAKI
A New Californian Songstress.
ETTA BUTLER
ONE w tEK ONXiY — The Girl Who Set New
Tork Afire.
WILLIAMSON AND STONE
In a Kew Sketch.
DONAHUE AND NICHOLS
Acrobatic Dancers and Vocalists.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
Showing Some New War Views.
FAREWELL WEEK.
Miss LILLIAN BURKHART
In Repertoire.
Week Commencing TO-DAY, SUNDAY MATI-
NEE. July 21
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, 19c; children,
10c, any part.
A few front orchestra rows reserved. Me;
front rows of balcony, reserved. 25c.
TO-NIGHT (Sun.)
Second of the MAGNIFICENT
BURTON
HOLMES
LECTURES.
Subject— MANILA.
Superbly Illustrated with colored and moving
pictures.
NEXT THURSDAY APTERNOON
AND SUNDAY NIOHT. "JAPAN RE-
VISITED."
PalCES— SI, 75e, Me and 25a.
KSlow MONDAY
fifth HENRY
°"" E MILLER
Six Nights and Wednesday and Saturday
t Matinee,
Flrat Time Here of the New York Lyceum
Theater Success.
"HIS EXCELLENCY
THE GOVERNOR."
A Farcical Romance In Three Acta by R.
Marshall.
IT'S AS DAINTY AND FRESH AS THE TLOWERS
THAT BLOOM IN THE 8PBIK8.— Nsw Tork Saa.
July OFFICERS."
UNION COURSING PARK.
JOHN GRACE, JUDGE,
JAMES F. GRACE, SLIPPED*
TO-DAY . . . SUNDAY, JULY 22
CLASSICAL I
OPEN STAKE!
ss
NOMINATIONS.
:, »-
?1110 — PEIZE MONEY — $1110
Music by
VON DEB MEHDEN'S BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets
lla. m., 12 m. and 1p.m.; Twen-
ty-fifth and Valencia streets five
minutes later. Returning at 4:45 j
p. m. and after last course. San
Mateo electric cars every six min-
utes.
ADMISSION 25C. LADIES FREE.
OLjriYlMiA cor. mason
THE ONLY FRBE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITT.
Professor Conradi's
LIVING STATUARY
Paris In Ban Francisco and the Greatest Exhi-
bition the Golden West Haa Ever Seen.
BASCO AND RICE,
Comedians, and the Funniest Yet.
AVT> OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEES EVERT SUNDAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
- ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
WALLACE, THE UNTAMABLE LION.
AQUATIC SPORTS ON TIE LAEE
THIS AFTERNOON.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN AT NIGHT.
Telephone for Se*t»— Park 23.
M MORAN CROWN'S LATEST PAINTING,
"HELEN OF TROY,"
On Exhibition at GOLDEN GATE HAT.Tj.
Sutter St.. Until Further Notice.
. From i to 11 p. m.
Vfi"id^7iyil"T'F f VALLEY— Ten days of
YUoClTil 1 d pleasure. 1H days each
way to points of lnterest-7 days In valley.
4j» \a £% including all meals and lodglnsr.
tJ>T-O Round trio from San Francisco $31.
For further Information call or address WM. J.
WHITE. Agent. 630 Market St.. 8. F.; telephone
Main 6182.
VICHY SPRINCS
Three miles from Uklah. The only plac# tn the
United States where vichy water Is abundant.
The only natural electric waters: champagne
baths: extraordinary tonic properties. J. A.
REDEMEYER & CO.. Vichy Springs, Men-
docino County. Cal.
W R. McGOVERN. Kelseyvllle. Lake Ca
CARLSBAD SffUffSt
Most beautiful spot in Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver. Udaey
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
cla»n: »10 a week: lighted by gas.
JKS8£r¥«?
TO-NIGHT. LAST TIME. "INGOMAR."
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT.
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESnY In the
Charming Play,
THE
COUHTSY GIRL
Special Engagement THEODORE ROBERTS.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
GLEN OAKS RANCH — N'lce surrouadlnn j
comfortable rooms: good table; convenient
_ location. Addr»M V. QUIEN. Glea gUca^ CaL,
DONCAN SPRINGS HOTELS S^ggS
TJnequaied - soda, and magnesia, waters. Good
for. all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL, Hopland.
Meadodoo Couaty, CaL - •
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN . NIGHTa
Open dally from 7 a. m. to n p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. v ra.
•ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
PatMrg; Including admission. 25c; children, aoo.
QUIET home in Sonoma redwoods; chickens,
eggs. milk, cream, fruit; free drives; good
rooms: terms SS per week. Address Redwood
Helmets. Occidental. CaL
SANTA CBUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch. Or*
miles from Santa, Cruz: delightful summer
home In redwoods; running water: »bunda,ace>
fralt; gotd table; terms IS SO. week. Addrea*
W. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. CaL
PTQrHFRN CONCERT HOUSE.
rlDbniln O Admission lOc.
LENORE. WHITE A CO. In "AUTUMN
, LEAVES." Edward B. Adams. Violet John-
1 son. Isabelle Underwood and New Moving
Pictures by EDISON'S PROJECTOSCOPB.
MATINEE SUNDAY. Reserved Seats. 25c.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect .climate,
fine fiihlng. excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
' fcr families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Ocen June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMON8. independence Lake. CaL
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANN. Napa. Soda Springs P. Ot
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. JgSS^S
Napa Valley. The institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets alt
trains at St. Helena. 8end for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. Ft. Helena. CaL
ELMONTE HOTEL,
magnificent view • and Crst-tlasa aecoHJmoda-
tlons. Large sunny rooms. Special rates) xm
families. F'-ee bus meet* every train: m raUM
from San F-anciiCO. Fare SI IS.
WERTHEIMER. Manarer.
THE GEYSERS, &,!
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDER3.
Natural steam baths, swimming, fishing.
hunting and livery. Writ* tor pamphlet. L
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electrto Ughta. Ml-
Hard*, lawn tennis, croquet Strictly first elaaa.
For terms spply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
California and Larktn Sts.. San Francisco,
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
THE WELLESLEY,
KLAMATH HOT SPJIMC9.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county ta
California. Trout flshlnc— finest In the State— .
E hovel Creek. 15 miles lor easting. Huntln*—
olenty of rac-.e In surrounding mcustaln»— i
krou£. quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors. Beswtclc Slskiyon County. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Th» most attractive place In Lake County ta
spend yoor vacation. Boating, bathlnc. bowl-
ine, tennis, livery, new walks, etc Write to*
circular to H..WAMBOLD.
Lanrel Dell. Lake County. C»X
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS l^^iLl
6prlngs: new management; a place of comfort
all seasons: U miles from S. F.. via Tibaron
ferry. R. R. station on hotel nrounds: exten-
sive swlmmlne; tank: $10 50 and no per w».k;
round-trip Jl 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STEW-
ART. Arua Call»nte. Cal. LonK-dlstance phone.
WHERE
CAN TOU GO WITH ONLY Stt HOURS
OF STAGING.
AND ONLT 9S.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIF.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
DANCING ilr nlt;ht» of th» we«k- GOLF.
Tennis. Bowline CtniMt 8wlmmlnr Tank*
ACRE8 of gbady Groves »nd MILE3 o.
Shady -Walks.
Finest Deer Huntln* In the County. Hunting
Hones and Guidea. Hot Mineral aad Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTB.
Numerous Mineral Bprl'.». of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Owl Roonsa, Urntea
by Electricity.
Ca.ll on LEE D. CRAIG. K* Mont«om«rr «t..
or addreas CRAIO & WARNER. H!«;hl*nd
Springs. Cal.
Those who intend to take
their vacation during July or
August, and those who may not
have thought of a rest, but
shculd do so, can now easily
find the desired accommoda-
tions.
Call for "VACATION," a
little book just issued by the
company, giving Camping Lo-
cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring
Resorts, and a list of one hun-
dred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes where Board for the
Summer can be secured at from
$5.co to $8.oo per week.
Ticket Office, CM Market it.
(Chronicle- bulldlnx).
General OfSc«. 3fotnaJ Z<i;«
bulldlnr. Sanscci« and California
•t».. San Francisco.
E. C. WHXTI58. (tanrtl jTaaagtr.
B. X. BY AX. Oeal F»m. Agt.
A vacation docs not nsxnEj
extend beyond two or three or
four weeks, so that many of
those who have been sojourn-
ing during the past month at
the various resorts along the
California Northwestern Rail-
way are returning to their
homes.
AMTTSKMEKTS.
|*T8VQLB*
.....ONLY NINE TIMES MORE....
Of the Great Con)lc Opera
Evenings at 6. Matinee Saturday at 2.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT !
MONDAY . . .JULY 30th
Gala Opeolog of the
GRAND OPERA
SEASON
With a Remarkable Array of
FAMOUS LYRIC ARTISTS
Sale of Seats Begins To-Morrow.
Repertoire por first Week.
"AtDA" *"° "LUCIA"
POPULARJ5LEii0c_pRiCES
Telephone Busb 9'
TO-NIGHT,
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THIS CITT
MATHEWS and BULGER
Supported by the Full Strength of
DUNNE AND HYLEY'S
J^JLjTj - STAR OAST
In Their Original Success.
RUSH CITY.
Reappearance of JOHN "W. DUNNE.
Waiter Morosco Solo Leiseo and Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARPI
THE GREAT RUBY!
UNANIMOUSLY PRONOUNCED BY. THE
PRESS THE GREATEST PRODUCTION
EVER WITNESSED HERE.
PRICES— 75c. 50c. He. 15c — '—""¦-,
SATURDAY MATINEE— 60c. 25c, 15c. 10c.
Branch Ticket Offlce." Emporium.
An ocean voyage to
A the place of perfect
days. A home In the
country with city con-
veniences.
GAY
Summer
Ilotel del Coronado .
Is r^ttlnjr to be as ray T% _ ±.
in summer aa in win- KftSOrL
ter.- Write for special AlV/iJVl l>
summer rates.
E. S. BABCOCK. Manarer,
Coronado Beacn. CaL
S% Hours* Ride From Loa Anrele*. CaL
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel FUhlnr Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.
Seventh Season of our Famous Marina Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COTTNTRT CLUB
always open. Golf and Tenals Toumamenta.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
ranrements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
BANNING CO..
212 South Sprtnr rt, Los Angeles, CaL
SANTA GATALINA ISLAND,
of FRANK W. ELT. City Ar-rat.
TeL Red 233S. W) Market St.. S. B*.
OTTO T^ NEVER. Prop.. Paan Rool»a C
Special round-trip rebate tickets.
Illustrated booklet and further Informatics
hotel, baths and physicl&na. {10 to $21 a
week.
After a hunt a plua^ ralpbnr batlL Hot
mud. sulphur and hot sand batr.s for
A "DOVE STEW,"
and the doves are plentiful, too. at
£ HOT SPRINGS
For the Idler— rest. For th» ntrater— 1&*> sjr«a,t
rame of the mountains. For the- aartor — tit*
salmon and the trout in the headwaters of th*
Sacramento and the Klamato. ALL AT 513-
BOX"S DOOR. The tavern Is new and fr*sh
and clean, with every modern comfort. Th»
railway brings on* almost to the door. Wherw
Nature Is her rrandest. come and lean how
grand her inspirations are. Rates. $10 to S13
per week. J2 50 per day. Guides and }>*:¦*<• far
mountain cllmbin?. MR9. M. L. SISSON. Pro-
prietor. Slsson. Cal.
Smiles down on Nature's broad expasa*.
Far from the chillies aannaer fogs and fr**
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON TAV-
ERX. S3C0 feet above the sea level, on tha e»ai~
rreen slopes of Shasta, la the. Ideal spot for *
summer vacation. Near it the rreat forests o£
pine and cedar and hemlock, around It a wld*
expanse of meadows, aSovs is tils perfect
beauty of Shasta.
Wliera Shasta" s summit, clad In no».
SISSON TM.A/EF*:V.
£?!**¦ A r*« <> '^ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OIV>\VIVlO County; only 4H hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
rUfflng; waten noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath In State: frand mountain
ccenery: rood trout streams at door: telephone,
telerraph: daily mail and express: FTR3T-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morntnr and afternoon stages; round trip froKi
San Francisco only iS 50. Take Tiburon ferns
at 7:10 a. m. or 1:30 p. m. Terms. C a day of
(12 a week. References— Any Kuest of the .past
five years; patronage constantly increasing.
J. P. MULGREW, Proprietor.THE SAT* FRANCISCO CAIili, STHSTDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
36
fA.\ FRAXCISCO CALL.
nrSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
CaV, corner cf Market and Third streets, open
_nt!l 12 o'clock every nipht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — _7 Montgomery »treet.
»cci-ner Clay; open until f:30 r- m.
rw Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
<38 McAllister etreet; open ur.tll 8:30 p. —-
C:5 L-rkln etreet ; cpea until S:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission etreet: open until 10. p. m.
_tl -Mission etreet. corner -Ixteenth; open
ur.til S j>. tn.
10€ Eleventh street; open until 9 p. to.
JOS6 Valencia street; open until S p. m.
Northwest earner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until S p, ai.
CIU'RCU SERVICES.
CALVARY rreFbyterlan Church, corner of
Geary ai id I'owell sts.— Rev. John Hemphill.
U.D.. pastor, w iil preach at 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. : topic. <-vcniEj. "'The Kackward and
of the Chinese l.'pnsiiis" Christian _n-
_eav (i r Society meets at €:3u p. m. Wednesday
evening *erv:ce at I o'clock. Strangtrs ccr-
<¦¦.-. ;:j" welcomed.
KinST Cone"— cat:cn_t church, corner of Post
_nd Mason Ft*.— Rev. Gecree C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor. Re-v. Clarence T. Brown, D.D., of
6_t Lake CUy. will preach at both services;
_* il «_ m., Uieme. "The Failure of Monopoly
la Rollrlon"; at 7:45 p. in., theme, "The
Staying Fewer of a Great Life." All are
' cordially invited.
ST. PAUL'S Church. California tt.. near Fill-
more — Hev. W. Ma_we:i Keilly. rector; Kev.
A- C. Wils-on. aytlKtant; holy communion 7:30
a. m. ; Sunday School 9:4a a. m.; morning
sen-ice and sermon 11 aTdock bf the Rev. A.
C". Wilson; evening prayer and hertnun 7:45
o'clock by tl*e Rev. T. J. Lacey. Ph.L>.
TKI_TTT Ch-rch, corner Hush an<J Oough Fts.
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D.D.. rector.
Morning service. 11 o'clock; evening prayer,
4 o'clock.
E_VEKTH-D_T A<5v#-r.t:Ft Church. »14 La«ru-
r.a *t., tet. McAllt-ter and Golden Gate ave. —
Preaching this (Sunday) evening at 7:20
o'clock by the ptttor. Elder J. O. Corliss;
subject. "TIip Sever. Trumpets in Revelation."
All are cordially invlied. S<>ats free^
CHURCH cf Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints
—Service* ewry Sunday, 11 a. m. and 7:43
p. m.. at Pythian Hall. 503 Market st. Elder
11. II. l>erri ck w::i address theevening conrre-
tratlon. Subj«:t. "Tories of Mormonltm."
_1<3«t John Robinson will render the bary-
trr.e soio, "In the Valley of the Shadow."
All are we'.rome.
2'IRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 2_3 Sutter 61., between Keaj-ny and
Grant ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
II a. m. ; subject, "Love": Sunday-school fur
children iit the same hour; Wednesday even-
In* n-ie»tin« at S o'clock. Free reading room,
2>< K«_-ny ft., room £10. All welcome.
THE singing pttfT—O, Kev. John Bennett An-
derson, continues to preach the unsearchable
riches of -Christ; to-day fet 3 and 7:45 o'clock
: * "* • - - l ". i^.pht l!»I furxh^r notion &X. W plcorn^
Hal'.. *2o He ward Et.. between Fifth and
Sixth. C^rne ¦with (roar friends and hear this
faithful vltaess on eternal beauties.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
FtR. — Mertini? for younjt men only this. Sun-
day, eftcrnxin. Z o'clock; adclret-a by General
Secretary McCoy: subject. "The Young Man
end His Ir.flurai-e." frecial music by the
Metropolitan Jubiile (colored) Singers. All
vDur* men invited.
THEOSOPmCAL Society — rublic rr.-etines
every funday evening at 8 o'clock: to-r.;ght.
"The Sisr.g of the Times Aftrclogicaliy Con-
pMi-Mi," !¦>¦ Mrs. M. C B*-I1. •
MEETINGS — SIWDAY.
DR. J. A. KERGAX lectures this evening, 8
o'clock, at Cryt-tHl Hall, Pythian Ca^tlo. 901
Markr-t Ft. i^ulj^ct. "The Nervous Bjratem,
Its Foundaticn and Growth." followed by
:negn'.ficer.t vif-ws of a visit to China ani the
3';ir:s Expedition. Those attendir.p may j.ro-
« ure tree tickets to the X-Iiay exhibition at
the Sanitarium, cor. of Market and Mason, !
next Tuesday eve. Seats fr^e. No collection. ;
PEOI'LM'S L«-oti:re Association meets at Scot- i
tlsh Hall. Larkin rt.. THIS iSl'SDAYl AFT-
ERNOON at 2 o'clock sharp- Ur. J. L. York
and others kUI address the audience; sub- ;
Jert, "ACTi^FUcism." Free discussion. Ad-
mission free.
A BE A I 1 1'IFULLT i!!u Ft rated lecture en i
TMslO-r-ycttC Hrallnp" by Dr. l>hul-Mac- I
Clair". v.-'th derr<o_ctr__o_l by the oriental
K*r at Jl_ Market st., to-night; ladies ani
p^ntierr.^n; scat* free.
A— DR. HIN-ns «::i at P03 Market st: IL free;
2-s. 10c: Mr*. Seeiey. Maxwell. Mr. Fls-her; all j
tests: aid. ii p. rn.; eleventh anniversary, Sep-
; tembei S, 1900; free to all; collection.
MRS. ESKliHAHUS trrand rplritual U-st meet-
ing f>-ni__i. 2-.0 Twenty-second St., corner
Hartiett.
M___ If— RQUXSE; S Hyde f=t.. nr. McAllister;
circle to-night, 10c; skeptics invited; sit. dally.
AT BOt Market st. to-night Kate Heuwmann's
inspiration test meetir.fr; sittings. 11CS Howard.
StMK. rOCSffS convincing test circle to- j
night. VX:i McAIl'fter st.; li>c; come, skeptics.
rRlEM.SHIi' Hall. C3C MoAIlifter-Mrs. C. J. I
Meyer; Fit. dally; convinc'g tests to-nisht 10c.
Mil?. WINCHESTER. l€10 Clay: circle S p. m.
cr>nsvilt_tion daily: mining a specialty.
UBS. VIGARS «_l bold tp?t meeting to-night, |
lit f^xth st.. root— 7; fittings daily. j
M_KTI>_S— I'll I versal Itrotbrrbood.
THEOPOPHICAL Society in America. S19 Ma'-
ket tt. — Lecture to-ni^Jit. "Animal Cor«?lou8-
n«-ss." by A. I). Robinson. I. B. L. Tuesday
night, subject. "Moral Percentum." Chil-
dren's Lotus Group. Sunday. 11 a. m.
MKETIXG NOTICES.
TEMPLAR Rebekah LcJge No. 1». i^asafe,
I. O. O. F. — officers and mem- : §__53«>S£i
bers: You are hereby notified to -ijiJSSigir
fcswicbie at our lodgeroom, I. O. -^v//"*^ ,
O. F. building, on SUNDAY. July 22. at 12:30
p. m.. for the purpose of attending the funeral
or our late brother. THOMAS JKFFERT.
TRESHIE HOPKINS, N. G.
GENEVA AEHWORTH. R. 8.
HALL of Unity Ix><!_e No. 27, A O. U. ,«—¦*>
\\\. 32 O'Farrell Ft.— The funeral escort^ipr-v- j
Is hereby notified to assemble at thefci-jl--^ '
hall TO-MORROW (MONDAY), at 10 OSL^ !
o'clock a. m.. to Rttend the funeral of our
late brother. JOHN VON ASPERN. Fines \
will be strictly enforced. By order of
T. W. WARD, Master Workman. J
H. GR1MPHAW, Recorder.
REBEL Cork Uenevolent Society— Fourteenth
annual p'rnic will take place at Shell Mound
Park, Berkeley. SUNDAY. August i, ISOtl. <
Adu'.t tickets. I-flc; children under 12 years, i
free; ur.i<>n music. A large amount of caeh i
given as I'rlzes
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
lr.g of the stockholders of the Hakalau Pla:i- '¦
tation Company will b* held at th« office of j
the company. 327 Market Ft.. San Franciscc.
Cal., on \VEI'.Vi>IiAV. the 1st day of Au-
puet, 1S00. at the hour cf 11 o'clock forenooi.,
for the purpose cf electlag a board of di-
rector* to serve for the er«a!ng year and
the transaction cf such ether business as
xr.ay come before the meeting.
E. II. • SKKLDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL M__T1NG. ~ '
The Ttledon Iron and Loo— nettve Works. — Trie j
annual meeting of th« stockholder* of the Ri«- i
_on Iron ar.<1 Locrmctlve Works, for the elec- I
tion cf trustees ffr the rr.FUir.g" year and the :
transaction of «uch other buFinens as may be '
brought before the meetinff. will be held at the i
efnee cf the corr.j.ar.y, southeast corner of Beale i
*nd Howard st«., San Francisco, on MONDAY, i
the Cth _ay cf August. .1^-0. at 11 o'clock _ m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary. :
ACEXTS WASTED. 1
AGENT? earn nr'wvi wa?«s with moi»t simple.
practice-;, Bc-nfible improvement for household
use In recent jearc. BRANT CO., 113 Adams 1
St., Chim jo.
GENERAL agrnts in *v#-ry locality In V. fi. to i
reprf«nt lar*r<- concern & ai>;>olnt agents on '
ralary ba*i» JS3 per month: all traveling ex- I
5*?r.scs j aid. Address Dept. 706, 1370 Park |
ave.. New York.
AGENTS— Ho you want BOB— __C mor» profit- i
uhlc. lifttcr ari'i eetier to wll than books' Ad- (
drop F. PERSON, room 4:3. Parrott building, j
A GOOD opportnaitr for rarty capable of han- !
d!!ng lartt proposition to i!pjr ?1100. West- '
era Ad. and Nov. Co_ 212 BufIi Et.
EXCLUSIVE Btate agencies; big profits; oth^r j
budaesa frcdaptrt _!: my time. :„ Montgom- !
MT frt., r<K'm V.".
JTMG CAN 1«> made -Uf_X next 6 months by I
huMllnfr apents handling our white and fancy i
rubber collars, cufis. bosom*, necktie?; patent- j
«-d. guaranteed gorxis; inclos* stamp for spe- '
cial i l_a M._M. Mfg. Co.. Springfield. Mass. !
AGENTS "f ability and eynerfrnr* in life lnsur- S
am», Cr.ll at wm 1"1. V.C Market, cor. Sixlh. j
ATTUUNKJS AT LAW.
It. W. KING, attorney ot law, JC7 Market St.,
mrn C27; crutcs. damages, attachment*,
bankrut tcy, cc'.h-rUcn?: all cases; fair fees;
no adi-an^e clmrpry; money loaned on e h fst<>s. j
ADVICE fr*~>; divorce law a si>«v!a!ty; private; I
tr.o fff without success; collections. G. ' W !
liOWn. utty at law, o Market. cor.Etoekton.
ADVICE frf*: no cbarc» unless successful XV.
W. DAVIDSON. 1C7 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. g. CLARK. Hmma Spreckle* bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket ft.: cr-ns.ltatl'-n free: no fees in advance.
SM PATU S CUCIXKTS. ~
ROniNSON r.. 4-par.eT7oMTT^';7oorop«isT firm
and safe. W. s. BUOWN. gcn. aet.. Cg Kills.
AITOMOB1I.ES.
AUTOMOBILES-FRED \VARD _ BON*
AgeEU. 15 Fremont st
BELGIAN IIARES.
A NUMBER of fine does at low prices: bred to
our finest bucks; LORD EDINBORO (imp.),
fee $25; DUKE OF CLARENCE (imp.), fee
Sl.'i; tine lot of youncsters from three to five
months old from Lord Edlnboro and our im-
ported does with grand color and perfect feet
all round; full line of rabbit supplies; free
literature.
-AN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO..
BAM. C. HAMMOND. Mer.
Office— Srreckels Market.
Rabbltry— 10U> Shotwell st
TERMINAL Rabbltry, end narrow-gauge road.
IMgh-st. sta.. W. D. DILLA. Prop.. Alameda—
Hee the most racy buck In Central California,
Viscount Lurgan, fee 510; Yukon Prince, score
riH, $7 CO. Prices to sell and to suit all pnrses.
Young stock. 6 weeks to 2 months, $lC0up;
bred does, well marked J5; bred does, better
marked. $7 £0: bred does, etlll better marked.
J10 to tJO; trios. 2 does and buck. |25 to J100.
Open evenines; visitors welcome.
liELUlAN hares— Fancy stock on sale; bred
and unbred does from $10 to $100; young pedl-
rr<"fd rtock on sale at reasonable prices; cor-
tftpc-.deac9 solicited. Pajaro Valley Rab-
bltry. P O. drawer D, Watsonvllle. Cal.
COO HEAD finest pedigreed Belgian hares in
Ftate: accllm-ted to Central California; does
bred to bucks scoring- 95; start riijht: booklet
and descriptive list free. BRITAIN RAB-
BITRY, Watfonvllle. Cal.
HELGIAN Hare Rabbitry for sale at a bar-
ealn; pedlcreed stock, modern house of 5
room*; rent $10; wire cages and runs In per-
fect order. For further particulars apply 1327
Howard ft.
BELGIAN HARES!!
All the popular strains at jrreatly reduced
prirf-i. CALIFORNIA PRLG1A.N HARE AS-
SOCIATION. Alameda. Cal.
LOR!) FASHODA CHIEF and Ladv Lumb.
Ilrst prize in England, at 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION RKIXUIAN HARE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS; sales daily. 1003U Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE RELGIAN HARE CO., 603 Gol-
den Gate ave.. S. F.. 600 rabbits for sale chrap.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Eichnnce.
GENTS wheel: modem; g-ood order; cheap;
give rrlco. Tinx l*-2. Call office.
UOARDIJKG FOIt CHILORK.V
CHILDREN frnm 1 to 15 years boarded; pri-
vate: mother's care; large playgrounds;
wholesome food; near school, at 2 Sophie ter-
race, off Pine 6t., near Stockton.
WIDOW wuma.n wants a email child to board;
room for mother. C6S Fell st.
WANTED— Child to board; mother's care. 418H
Natotna it.. n<>ar Fifth.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
TO dresymakerfl — For sale cheap; gr>od buslnees,
with well stocked store. LANE & CO..RC5 Mkt.
J3T.0 — GENTS' furnishing-, stationery and no-
tion*: fine Ftoc_: Rood location: double- fronted
more; r<>nt only J20. LANE _ CO., f.65 Market.
FOR sale— Well-known wholesale and retail
candy business; established 16 years and mak-
ing large fronts; every opportunity piven to
I'urohaser to investigate. Full .particulars
LANE & CO.. SC3 Market ft.
1430-ESTABLISHED 26 years: stationary, no-
tions, candy and laundry business, with 3
Ilvlr.fr rn-.s: rent low. LANK & CO.. S65 Mkt.
(400— CASH grocery end notion store; good
business. ALDEN CO., HIS Hroadwav. Oak-
land.
J1GOO— GOOD payinu saloon. Oakland; sale or
trade. ALDEN CO.. 111S Broadway.
J1C0O— REST equipped restaurant in Oaklanl.
ALDEN CO.. Ills Hroadway.
WOO— BROADWAY Lodfrinp House. Oakland (a
bargain). ALDEN CO., HIS Broadway.
A NEWSPAPER f"r sale; live, well eetab-
lished: iiayir.t;; lip circulation: A No. 1 town, t
M. GRIKFIN. 71S» Market, r. 1. nr. Call bids. |
BH^— DELICACY and dairy produce; (rood lo-
cation; cheap rent; value in sight; sacrificed
this week; owner must go to Germany. LUN-
L>IN & CO., 873 Market St., room 12.
f 125— BRANCH bakery: 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; selline on account of departure; neat
place. Pacific Kxchance, 1016 Market et.
FOK -ale— A good chicken ranch: 800 chickens,;
tools of all kinds; Incubators, brooders, etc.;
6 acres land; 3 acres in fruit; rent f 12; city
water. i
J. W. ELROD. Fruitvale Station. Cal. j
MEN of Nerve Go to the Philippines.
Klondike and Nome Not In It. j
Just arrived from Manila, after two years' ex-
pexience prorpectinj; in mining; have locatel j
very rich gold, silver and copper mining: would '
like to get a comj>anj* of tpn men together, in- '
eluding one assayer, to work the claims which
we hive already taken up and take up more
claims: v.e are In pnsseFslon of a splendid as-
sortment of very rich specimens. For further
information please call at DENVER HOUSE,
217 Third st., nf-ar Howard, room 103.
WHEAT! WHEAT!! WHEAT!!!
(100 Invested In wheat by my Safe Investment
Plan may make you Independent for life.
Send for free particulars. Successful customer
and financial references. Stephen A. dem-
ons. Broker. 84 Van Huren Bt.. Chicago, 111.
$2:00— LOT 60x130 feet: good house; barn; with
establiFhed laundry business; will clear over
$100 a month: fine team; will sell laundry sep-
arate; half cash: balance can remain at 6 per
cent; ill health cause of sale. Box 160, Call.
PARTNER wanted in a saloon; also In 150
roomed lodging house: big chance. McBRIDE
& CO.. 830 Howard st.
WANTED— A competent woman to take man-
agement of a first-cla?s family boarding-
rioupe In Southerr California. Address, with
references, box 143. Call office.
FIRPT-CLASS industrial business in good con-
ditlon for sale in town in Napa Valley; price
$7iXi0; pays over 15 per cent; future business
assured. IJox 174. Call office.
FOR rale— State rights of valuable patent
tent for photographers, Alaska sick rooms,
rtc. Box 142, Call office.
WANTED— To Invest about $G00 for a good
raying business that will bear full Investiga-
tion. P,ox 141. Call office.
WANTED- Gentleman with $3000 to Invest In a
business that will pay 100 per cent. Box 139
Call.
WANTED— A laundry route that will bear
full Investigation; particulars. Box 14L Call.
COLLECTION Agency— Experienced party
wanted to take an interest. Box 152. Call.
WANTKD— Active parties In staple mfg. busi-
ness: J2000 to fSOCO required. Box 15S, Call.
$1000— PARTNER wanted; reliable proposition;
investigate. Address box 170, Call office.
FOR sale— cheap; saloon, with 4 living rooms.
Apply 40 Moss «t.
F<Mt Fair— a cigar store. £16 Stanyan et., near
Haight.
WANTKD— A partner with JoOO, in manufac-
turing business; to Fell to the trade: no
agents. Address box 2798, Call. Oakland.
IIOMH Bakery, good location. Oakland, cor.
14th nnd l'eralta sts.: all new; price J175; cost
J27o; owner going away.
$500— PARTNER for family dining room and
restaurant: lady preferred. Box 1SL Call.
O'FARRKLL. 404— An eld established shoe shop
fcr sale; a rare cliance; call at once.
SHOE shop for sale; good opportunity; fine lo-
cation. i":M7'4 Fillmore st.
$400— ox Recount of retiring; a paying business;
pstahl'.Fhed over 20 years; etock and fixtures
Included; suitahle man and wife: living rms.
Particulars, npply at creamery, 2318 Fillmore.
FOR SALE— A strictly good business; restaur-
nr.t; 100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery
«?!nr 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon:
lodCtaff-bo— *e, 34 rooms, newly furnished:
fittfst opportunity tc make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
flc-M. Cal.
EASY money to b» made by furnishing names
and addresses of persons suffering from con-
-umption. cancrr. Brlghts disease, catarrh.
Wo"d and nervous diseases. Address Box 125,
CalL
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc. ; fln.»
location; place is entirely covered: contains 3
tta'As; rent only $15; water fr<v?. Inquire TTM
hi;ndricksox & co.. cu Call building.
LITADING hotel In Monterey; K room*, parlor.
<1tri!njr-r<>cm. kitchen, bar: completely furn.;
Will rent, s.-ll or exchange. For particulars
write .7011 XPON A CARR. Monterey. Cal.
PTBST-C— ASS shoe shop; gocd * prices; good
•work: on account of sickness. 332 Bush st.
JCO— CARPENTER «hop: bench and too^s; low
rent; good locality. 1S07 Powell et.
A flOO ar^* r^^°P"- 7C! Montgomery avenue.
WANTED— Printing press; foot power: good or-
Qer. Olf.hp Rubber Stamp Store, 1433 Market.
BARRKn slT-p r< r Fale; 2 chairs: on Geary st.
Apply 2 O'Farrrll et.
FOR rale— Saloon: go*d busines»; cause, dek-
n?ss. Inquire 44 Second st.
BON'T miss the tripod* and lamps at the
BACKT.'S STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
\V. C A SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento Bt.
CLAHtflFlKD advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofllce. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at '109$
Valencia gt. •
A WEEK'S new ¦ for fi cents— The Weekly Call.
1* n»ep«. In wranri»r. for nullinir. M o»r wr.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.;
MFI. of nil kind* of photo buttons "and~Jewen
ry: wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co., 833 Market Bt., S. F.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— 9-room flat, full, nice, new, wnt $40 $400
17 rooms, S. Mkt, full, part cash, rent$35.. 325
12 rooms. A No. 1 beds, nice location 450
15 rooms, fine, light, sunny, extra good.. 1200
17 rooms, good fur., sunny side, full 10O0
18 room*, nice sunny cor., S blks N. Mkt.. 70C
24 rooms, income $220, rent $100 1000
7 houses of 36 rooms. N Market,$1200 to.. 2400
Hotels, J2MX), $4500. $2500. $4000 and $25,000
203 more. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Mkt.. nr. Call bid.
18 ROOMS. $300; respectable, no transient; all
full of permanent renters; clears $1 per day
above the rent; rent $35. M. GRIFFIN, 719
Market *l. near Call bldg.
CARPET BEATI.YG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama Bt. ; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAlllFter st.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4F.3 Sfvenson gt. ; tel. South 228; lowest rate-.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tet. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOSS.
ONE double rubber-tire buggy; one single
buggy; very cheap. 1009% Sutter st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buegrles. carts & har-
nws. work & driving horses. 15th A Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE "W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market St.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, in-
eorporated; money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A LARGE sunny 6-room modern cottage in
East Oakland; high basement; corner lot, S0_
¦ 135; fine grounds and fruit trees; location
Al; 6 minutes' walk to local Ftation. II. II.
COLBY. Express office. East Oakland.
$6— COTTAGE; 5 rooms; worth $12; in city;
Holly Park; water free. Apply C4 Sliver st,
f.ff Thirty _^
$12— COMFORTABLE sunny cottage, 6 rooms;
yard. Railway ave., oft Dolores St.; key at
3579 Seventeenth st.
i Sl'IRITUALISM. "
_PIRlTuA_~meui_ni.~ Mrs. Harrison. 858 MlT-
slon Bt.; readings daily. 25c. 50c and $1; cir-
cles Tuesdays. Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday evening, 10c.
SPIRITUAL medium, Mrs. Harrison, SSS Mis
sion; It D., 25c, EOc and $1; circle Tuesdays.
Thursdays. Saturdays and Sunday eve., 10c
MRS. KOTTER, 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day, 2
_ 8 p. m.; 10c; sittings dally; G. $1; L. DOc.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium. £50
Eliis. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sundays included. ;
j MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business \
| medium, life reader; sitting $1. 11M Market. !
i ¦ —-i ______-_-—. ___———»
CL A IK VO VAN TS.
; MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
! future, cures diseases by sympathy; never
j fails: has the 7 peals, greatest Egyptian secret
of the world; shows pictures of future husband
or wife; Riv«"s lucky numbers; advice on spec-
ulation, love an<1 legal affairs; any one con-
sulting the madame will be convinced she is J
no fham: prices 2.V? up: come und you will be |
surpris-ed: satisfaction to every one. 1167 Mar- j
kit St., bet. 7th and fth; open Sundays.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c;
gents fl; palm. & clair.: sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; !>es;t advice; free
I 25c up. 823 Mission st., near 4th; rlnpr bell.
1 MME. LEMONT r^ads cards clalrvoyantly;
| ladies. iC'c; gents, $1. 13 Powell st.
! CONSULT with the clairvoyant, the gifted
j clairvoyant: fee -23c. 349>4 Minna st.
j MME. HANSON, palmistry; card reader; past,
| present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth Bt.. room 14.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palmist
I and card reader, 25c. 5 Seventh et. ; no sign.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. 321*4 MIsslon.op.Mlnt.
MME.AuRUst. clairvoyant card reader; palmis-
try: truth- or no pay; 20c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212W Sixth St.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture: 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell »t.
UE-TISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, &» Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, '} to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crown*, platen, bridges
and fillings; extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell it.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.. nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
mide; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $5 per fet; extracting, SOc; gas given.
PLATES from J3: crowns, $3 50; fillings, COc.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth Rt.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 K<>arny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, fi: crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
i VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
I days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
! SET o7 teeth without plate. dS H. a".
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. RUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50: all
animals treated; does boarded. Tel. West C36.
DR. CREEL VS C. P. mar.ge eiireandworm pllle
by druggists or at hospital. 310 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking, Millinery
School to 1013 Market St.. above Sixth.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies* Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
I PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary St.. dresses
: made. !5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
MME. REMBERT. F.30 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&MofXatt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call,
It pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES" Bus!ness~Coilege,^723 Market St.; life
scholarship, J50; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening:
' Just added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters.
ALL studentB but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market fit.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin Bt.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
F.NGINKERINO, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
UNIVERSITY craduate. with experience as
school teacher, will give lessons; reasonable.
Box 171. Call office.
AMATEUR carvers will get designs and art
cabinet work prepared. 801 Ellis st.
C-WEEKS' course teaches practical shorthflnd.
Val Dcasy, court reporter, 612 Hearst bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr 6th.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater, 310
O'Farrell; positions crntd to finished pupils.'
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post s_i
S. K. : founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, caning; all branches. .424 Pint st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
("all. 1G pages, eent to any . address in- the
United fitates or Canada one year for $1,
postage, paid.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.: dpmestlc serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay SS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, ehi-
nese help. 426 Po well, nr. Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Of flee-
best help furn. ; tel. John 212L 806V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H OTarrell et. ;. tel. .¦ East 428. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALES.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper or to do cooking In a plain Amerlcar
family. 1147 Mission st., bet. 7th and 8th.
LADIES wanting: a reliable woman to c»M foi
children evenings can hear of on* by ad-
dressing box 154. Call office.
A LADY of experience desires position ai
housekeeper in first-class hotel or manager of
lodging-house; beet of reference. Box 165i
Call ofllce. ¦
A STRONG young woman wants work at sec-
ond work or housework. <;lty or country.
Please call 924^ Florida Bt,. bet. 21»t and 22d.
GERMAN girl (15 years) wishes to assist ir
light housework and care of children. Ad-
dress L., box 1S6, Call office.
GERMAN girl (20 years) wishes to do house-
work. American family. Address M.. box _7,
Call omce.
YOUNG woman wishes housework by the day.
136 Hayes st.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by a mid-
dle-aged German lady without lncumbrance;
good home more than wages desired; short
distance in country. Box 175. Call.
ELDERLY woman to assist with household
duties or housekeeper for widower; city or
country. Box 176. Call. ____
WANTED— By a middle-aged American lady,
position as housekeeper in small family. Call
at 14 McAllister bt.. room 8. _____
A YOUNG woman with a child wishes a posi-
tlon as housekeeper. 11 Seventh st.
DRESSMAKER, first-class cutter and fitter,
by day; tailor-made suits a specialty. 1B_
Polk st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, week or
month. 144 Fifth Bt.. room 14.
GERMAN woman wishes to work by the day;
washing and Ironing or housework; is a good
laundress. 731 Minna st. _________
YOUNG woman would like work by day. Call
' 6S0 O'Farrell st.
GERMAN woman wishes any kind of work by
the day. Call 12 Falmouth St., oft Folsom,
between Fifth and Sixth.
A GERMAN woman wants work by day; wash-
ing. IroninR and house cleaning. 1651 Howard.
KIND, competent person , wishes position an
confinement nurse or housekeeper or com-
panion to lady; references. Call or addresa
E. L. F., 719 Golden Gate ave.
A LADY wishes a position as cook in mining
camp; one used to cooking for large crews
of men. Call or address M. D., 291 Clemen-
tina st.
A GOOD seamstress, can do all kinds of sew-
ing, would like a few more engagements; 60c
day. Address SEAMSTRESS, Call branch.
300 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS German dressmaker wlshe-j en-
gagements by the day in private families; tai-
lor suits specialty. Address 2116 Howard st.
HOUSEKEEPER for small family; country
preferred. Box 135, Call.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
821 Mission St., room 1.
CO.MPETHNT young woman Just from East
wishes position in small family: good French
and American cook; first-class references;
wages, $30 to $3o. Box 122. Call.
! SWISS girl wishes position to do general house-
work. Apply at Helvetia Hotel. 431 Pine st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 23c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baKsage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sulcorirtions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ct.
KMPLOVMEXT WANTED — MALE.
A PRACTICAL dry and sweet wine maker; 20
years' experience; best reference?; wants sit-
uation. Address Winemaker, care of F. W.
I GRABAU, 417 Bush St., San Francisco.
YOUNG man. 22 years of a?e. of temperate
habits, desires a position an night clerk; ex-
perienced; American, but can speak German.
Address P. O. box 77, Berkeley, Cal.
A RELIABLE liquor man desires position in
wholesale house or as barkeeper; Al refer-
ences. Box 151, Call.
A THOROUGH practical minor. Al references,
desires position as such or as foreman. Box
150, Call.
; PRINTER— An all-round printer, married,
wants situation: country preferred. Address,
stating wages, box 149. Call.
A YOUNG man wishes a situation as inside
man; understands both Inside and outside
work: good references. Box 16S. Call office.
BOOKS balanced or any kind of office work at-
tended to at reasonable terms. Box 173, Call.
STEADY, reliable man: understands care of
horses; can milk; good driver; good worker;
well recommended;' Box 178. Call.
AN educated young man from the East, aged
29, desires light employment of any kind In
return for board: local references given. Ad-
dress box 2797. Call office. Oakland.
AMERICAN Eastern young fellow, 22 years
old, Intelligent, honest, active and polite, de-
sires a position In lawyer's or physician's of-
fice or as vnlet; one who would take an In-
terest in him, as roommate as well as em-
ploye, prefepred; reference. Box 1910, Call.
COOK, oil round fin=t-class man; sober and re-
liable: wife kitchen assistant or chambermaid;
city or country; or would go as cook and
stewardess on steamer. Box 184, Call office.
YOUNG man would like position In office or
mercantile house at any wages; no experience-
Box 1«2, Call office.
A STRONG young boy, aged 16 years, wants a
situation as a delivery wagon driver; Is well
acquainted with the city and can handle
horse? well; references and security can be
had if required. Addres-s 718 Valencia Bt,
YOUNG Frenchman (cannot speak English)
wifIips position In wholesale house or private
family: Is handy and willing; references.
Call or address ilOO Folsom st.
HONEST, energetic High School student desires
• to Increase his income by employment from 4
to 9 p. rn. and Saturdays; age 17. Address
E35 Park ave.. East Oakland.
WANTED— Position by all-round machinist and
engineer; city or country; good reference.
Addres-s box 137, Call.
WANTED— By a man holding a responsible po-
Fition, a set of books to post two or three
hours a day. Box 139. Call.
WANTED— Position as traveling stove sales-
man; references. Address W. N.. 2317 Howard.
GARDENER, fully competent in flower, orna-
mental, fruit and vegetable departments; also
care of animals; wife first-class housekeeper;
both with very best references. Address box
130, Call office. .
COMPETENT German cook wants work on
ranch hay press, etc. Address Cook, box 131,
Call office.
STRONG boy of 1G wishes position of any kind
with board snd lodging and reasonable wages.
Box 115, Call office.
POSITION wanted by an experienced meat cut-
ter; can give best references. Box 129. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!)
received at Call branch office. 2210 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYKRLli, German expert optician,
1071U Market (rear Seventh): examination
free; German eye water by mall. EOc; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Juyted. N. Mann—e. oculist optician. 910 Mkt
INTENSION OF PKOTJST
EXTENSION OF PROTEST.
CAPTAIN CLEMENS HORVER. master ct
the German t.h|p "I. C. Pfluger" (Q. F. D.
K.). will extend his protest on WEDNES-
DAY, July Cf>, moo. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at
the office of thf; Imperial German Consulate
in this city. 31S Sacramento street,
San Francisco, July 21, 1900.
' : -V'i O. LOHAN. -
Imperial German Vice-Consul.
FLATS TO^LETJ
100 flats, houses— A. M. SPECK & CO., 667~Mktt
009 Buchanan f.5r.J15 7S3 Haight ...f.6r.*23
417 Jones f.6r.$25 348 Waller ...f.Br.*20
72 Webster ..r.6r.S:T. 397S ISth f.5r.$l«
1311 Clay f.4r.|2t? 3343 20th f.5r.$13
3100 California, grocery store & flat above. . $00.
GROVE, SIS. near Fillmore— Furnished flat~ot
6 large, sunny rooms; i>lano;' front and side
yards; family stable; rent $40 without stable.
Apply on premises or MADISON _ HUHKR.
A— S-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417V4 Thlnl.
A— 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; $25 ond $28. 973-973 Golden
Gate ave.
A NICK sunny upper flat; 4 rooms; newly p_-
pered; $10. no Perry st.. near Third.
A SUNNY upper flat: 4 rooms; In good condi-
tion. 711 Harrison st.; $10.
A' FINK sunny upper flat; 6 rooms and bath;
$16. 41 Langton st.
ASH AVE., 327. sunny side— Flat of 4 rooms
and barn: $6; water free.
BRUCE place, 37— Flat of four rooms; rent $8.
Inquire at 33 Bruce place.
CALIFORNIA. 2911— Upper sunny fiat; 7 rooms;
also finished room In basement.
FIFTEENTH. 1S76, nr. Dolores-Bunny baywln-
dow flat; 7 rooms, bath; house 5 rooms, stable.
FLATS TO LET.
- FINE lower sunny 3-room flat; $10; chemp; S
x Pine place, off Pine st, near Mason.
r FLAT of 4 rooms; $11. 816 Dolores st.
FLAT to let; 4 rooms; large yard and base-
• ment; rent cheap. 321 Tenth st.
t FLAT, 6 rooms, kitchen, dining room, yard,
to let. 1226 Polk, corner Bush.
. HAYWARD, 2. near Eighth— 4-room flat with
large yard, stables and wagon sheds.
' IF you want to move get printed list flat* to let
1 from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
! IVY AVE.. 60, near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele-
gant sunny top flat; four rooms.
1 SUNNY desirable flats; Oak and Laguna. ets.:
7. S and 8 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
TURK. 520B-Sunny flat. 4 rooms; largs base-
ment. rent $12; no children. -
! TWENTY-FIRST. 3307. comer Valencia— Sunny
flat of alx rooms and bath.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3313, near Valencia-Three
rooms and bath.
. TWENTY-THIRD. corner Guerrero— FTench
flat; 7 rooms, bath, laundry.
UNION, S19. near Powell-st. cars— Flat of 7
rooms and bath: nice marine view.
UPPER flat; nice clean sunny tenement; 5
rooms; bath; modern Improvements. 202
Francis st.
VALENCIA, 1008— Five rooms and bath; newly
papered. I
; VALLEY, 61, above San Jose ave.— Elegant
flat of 3 sunny rooms; furnished or unfurnish-
ed: with water and gas, cellar and yard.
$16— LOWER flat. 5 rooms. 742 Folsom St., near
Fourth.
$15— FLAT. 6 sunny rooms and bath; SW. cor.
• Butter and Lyon sts.
. $22 SO— MODERN flat. 8 rooms, bath; newly
grained: flrst-class. 112S Howard, nr. Seventh.
FURNITURE! FOR SAL—.
NEW furniture of 4 rooms; cost $450: will be
sold for $200; used 3 months, including car-
pets, bedding, stove and dishes; also flat to
, let. $15. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON _ CO..
17i>6 Market st.
PRIVATE sale of furniture owing- to immedl-
: ate departure to Honolulu. 734 Guerrero st.
4 ROOMS furnUhed in oak for $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Silversteln. 1121 Market; tel, Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL ORDERS
8 waitresses, Santa Fe eating house, $20, free
transportation, see party here; 2 waitresses,
same springs, $20, call early; waitress and
chambermaid to wait, same springs, $20 each,
' see party here; 10 waitresses, commercial ho-
tels, $20 and $23, many of them fare paid; 2
waitresFPs, city, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait,
$20; pastry cook, $35 *.....
FAMILY ORDERS
Housegirls, Santa Cruz, $20; Belvedere, $20;
Antiooh, $20; Berkeley, $20; Sonoma County,
$20; Alameda, $23; Sul&un. $20; San Rafael, i
$15; 2 cooks, $3i); nursegirl. Belvedere, $20;
nurse, Fresno, $20, see party here; German or i
Scandinavian housekeeper, San Jose, $15; sec-
j ond girl, city, $15; French girl as second girl, ,
$20; German seamstress and waitress. $20:
housekeeper, institution for children, $25, and
f.0 other good places, city and country, for
I housegirls, ranch cooks, private family cooks,
nuroes. etc., etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101
Geary st.
WANTED — A large number of girls for cook-
ing and housework and second work; also a
large number of waitresses too numerous to
advertise. J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter st.
WANTED — Oirl for general housework and
plain cooking; wages, $20.; Swede or German
preferred. Apply between S and 10 a. m.,
MRS. OLIVER, 1414 California st.
WOMEN and girls; preparing and canning
fruit; steady work; good wages. Apply Call-
fornian Canneries Co.. Brannan St.. between
Third and Fourth.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self -assertion: good opportunity for rl(?ht
party. F. PERSON, room 413 Parrott bldg.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
AMATEUR girls. 15 or IS. to-day between 10
and 11 a. m. Mowry's Hall, 607 Grove st.
WANTED — Experienced neckwear hands and
apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON, 618 Market.
LADY solicitors wanted for country and city:
salary and percentage: in good paying bust- ;
ness. F. I. Co., Columbian bldg., room 40.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
and stock Fhirts; steady em'ymt. 535 Valencia. ;
GIRL — Assist housework and plain cooking.
Call Monday, 312 Fillmore st.
WANTED— Saleslady for bakery: one who can
wait at table. 1410 Polk st.. near Pine.
WANTED — A competent girl for cooking and
general housework. 2123 Pine st.
YOUNG Eirl to assist in light housework. S27
Hayes st.
I WANTED — A woman, past 30 to manage a
country business; must be Industrious and of
good character. Box 161, Call.
WANTED — Lady stenographer; give experience
and wages expected. Box 165, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' capes;
good pay. MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery.
A YOUNG lady for bookkeeping; must be ex-
perienced and a good penman. S. N. WOOD
& CO. 71S Market st.
EXPERIENCED tuckers and finishers on la-
dles' muslin underwear. BAUER BROS.
CO., 21 Sansome st.
YOUNG woman or girl: light .housework; 2
adults: SS per month. Call 154 Clinton Park.
SMALL girl for light housework; good home;
wages $5. 787 Stevenson St., off Ninth.
WANTKD — Good tailoress; steady employment;
j good wages. 2S13 Greenwich" st.
I MILLINERY— First-class trimmer wanted.
_A. pply MINNIE GORMAN. 4C2 Ellis st.
WANTED— Lady to do~light^work; $5 per
[ month. Address Home, Elmnurst.
COOK and 2 second girls, same house; wages
$20, $25. $20. MRS. CATTELL. J25 Eighth St..
Oakland.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School,
beautifully situated, offers more to Its patrons
than ever before; the finest course In inillin- I
ery given on the coast; bring your dress goods |
and make It undtr the direction of an artistic
designer: patterns cut to order. McDOW-
ELL'S, 1019 Market e;., above Sixth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: steady
work: highest wages paid; apply Immediate-
ly. U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison
ave , bet. Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
WANTED — Experienced canners: steady work;
raghest wages paid. Apply Immediately, The
I". S. Fruit Packing Co.. Harrison 6t.. off
Folsom, between Seventh and Eighth.
GERMAN girl wanted to mind children; wages
J10. 1003 Geary st. j
GIRL for general housework; 3 ndults and 1 |
child In family; wages $20. 1904 Broadway.
WANTED— Experienced canners: also women
nml girls to work on fruit: highest wages
paid at CODE-PORT WOOD CANNING CO.,
Tenth and Bryant streets.
ANY lady can make $1S to $25 weekly by rep-
vcRcntlns us In her locality; position is pleas-
ant, profitable, and I will gladly oend full
particulars: no deception: even your spare
, time is valuable. Address MRS. MARY E.
WHEELER. 87 Washington «., Chicago. III.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEV!
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32"4 Fremont St.;
no experlenf^ necessary: good wages. Apply
\O MR. DAVIS,
LADY solicitors wanted for. country and city
in good paying legitimate business. F. 1.
CO.. room 40. Columbian building.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. H , box 1S24. Call of flee. ,
AN experienced chambermaid; must wait _t
. table once a day; small hotel. 2S9 Hyde st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German Kirl wanted to do
chamber work. 119A Sixth st. .
COMPETENT young lady to work In hair store.
1Z08 Polk. ,
APPRENTICES an overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED — Women and erlrls to work on fruit.
Folsom st.i between 13th and '14th.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists: $10
a week. Livingston Mfg. Co., 226 Bush et.
HELP WA-'.TED-FEMALE.
GIRLS wanted, bookbindery. BUSWELX. CO.,
636 Clay »t. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and «ubscriptlon_
received at Call branch office. 2330 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IMS
Valencia Bt.
HELP WASTED—MALE.
A-MURRAT & READY.... PHONE MAIN 5S43
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE
7469 men for all parts of California. Utah.
Washing-ton, Arizona, Oregon. Nevada, Brit-
ish Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
And no other expenses to Reno <Nev.) Dist.
Lost Angeles Dlst Truckee Dist.
Santa Barbara Dist Shasta Dlst.
Salt Lake City Dist Crows Landing Dist.
Santa Cruz Dlst Newman Dist.
Dunamuir Dist Bakersfleld Dlst.
Soda Springs Dlst Madera Dist.
San Luis Dlst Surf Dist.
Special to Shasta County Dlst
Redding Delta Dunsmulr
and other points good wages
and other places; we ship free free
COME ONE— COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen.
quarrymen. splkers, section hands, mnnelmen.
steel gangs, etc.. wages $3, 12 50. *2 25. $2. $1 75
day and free shipment
It is no trouble for us to hire 300 men daily to
go to different railroads. Why? Because it
costs only Jl fee; no other expenses; come see
free free
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay et.
A— 35 CARPENTERS to build large flume
20 laborers to handle hammer, etc.... $30 to J40
and found
153 miners, gold, sliver and other mines. {90.
J75, $60 and found
15 muckers $80
fireman, gold mine. $60; crowd going to mines;
6 men to work in warehouse HO and found
264 laborers to work at different mines. JoO.
$48, $40 and found, no experience required.
you'll suit
6 machine miners, gold mine $90
197 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $33, $30.
$23 and found: 32 choremen and boys
63 harvest hands $2 50. $2 a day and found
47 milkers and butter-makers
$35. $40 $30 and found
197 men to work in sawmills, woods, etc., we
pay your fares, $93. $90, $S0. $75, $60, $~. $50.
$43. $40. $35, $30. $26 and found
136 tlemakera, woodchoppers, tools and food
found, $2 50 to $1 a cord, 13c to 10c each; woods
foreman; sawmill foreman, boss here; ganp
edgerman, screw turner, boss here; sheep
herders; men for hay presses
37 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., $45, $40, $55. $30 and found
38S laborers and teamsters for all parts of Cal-
ifornia. $2 50. $2 25, $2, $175 a day; many for
city positions and board home.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MECHANICAL help 2 Bridge Builders
Carpenters for a Vineyard Co
2J> blacksmiths, horseshoers, wood workers,
helpers, etc.. $2, 12 SO a day to $60 and found:
coremaker and other mechanics; wagon-mak-
er, $3 day; wheelwright.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPARTMENTS
Chef and second cook, country hotel. $S5 and
found; 25 cooks, city and country places, $30.
$35, $40 to $60 and found; first and second head
bakers and helpers, $60. $40. $35 and $30 and
found: shop and slaughter-house butchers,
etc.. $60, $40. $30 and found; laundry help and
others.
MURRAY _ READY, 634-638 Clay st.
AGAIN We Pay Your Fare 365 Men
for the sawmills and ¦woods, no experience re-
quired, $26 to $40 and found fare paid
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. '
A— COME down and get our list of 7263 jobs and
read our latent bulletin boards.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A FREE FARE
8 carpenters, bridge and trestle work. $3 to
$3 25 day
4 steel bridge men. $3 25 to $3 50 day; 24 la-
borers to truck, etc.. city Job. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A WAREHOUSE WORK FREE FARE
15 laborers, boss here, see him $2 50 day
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
200 teamsters, Ne\ - ada $2 a day
300 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work.... $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast Road $2 a day
ifO laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office fee $1 Free fare
10 coal miners. $2 50 day. fare advanced; 13
men to handle grain, 23c hour, free fare; 20
woodsmen. $26 to $45; 10 miners and machine
men. $2 50 to $3; blacksmiths, wheelwrights,
farmers, milkers, choremen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waffleman, country hotel, $40 and free fare;
second cook, $40; dishwasher, $30, for same
springs; second cook, springs, $:.3: baker's
• helper, for springs. $35 and free fare both
ways; 2 bell boys, country hotel, $15 and free
fare
Polisher, $40 and found; man to back shirts.
$40 and found, hotel laundry, free fare both
ways.
C. R. HAXSEN _ CO MM Geary st.
A— WANTED; Monday morning, at 7:30. with
blankets ready to start for train, 50 laborers
for S. P. Co. work at Surf. Cal
$2 a day Board $4 a week Free Faie
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
WANTED— An expert tent and awning maker
to take charge of a small factory out of the
city; permanent place and good salary to
right man. Address, giving age, experience
and references to P. R. H., care Occidental
Hotel.
ED MASON, cook, call at 134S Howard st.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 413, Parrott building.
WANTED— By established, well-rated firm,
scheme or specialty men to sell exceedingly
attractive and salable line; special, terms and
unique inducements; high-priced men Inves-
tigate. Box 254. Detroit, Mich.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our illustrated catalogue of Information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
GOVERNMENT positions— Where they are.
how obtained, salaries paid; particulars free;
write for circular 115. National Correspond-
ence Institute, Washington, D. C.
WANTED— Boy to run Gordon press; give ex-
perience. Box 164, Call office.
WAITER wanted at 1CS Seventh st.
WANTED— Errand boy about 16; call Monday:
wages $3 per week. 543 Californfa st.
WANTED— First-class bill or entry clerk; ref-
erences required. Address box 177, Call. j
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 12P1 Fillmore st.
WANTED— Boy to learn shlrt-cuttlng. HEY-
NEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission st.
A NIGHT dishwasher at 19 Powell st.
WANTED— A dishwasher. C31 Clay St.. Peo-
ple's Restaurant.
WANTED— A sseotid cook at the United Stares
Hotel, 123 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS ironworker wanted on structural
and ornamental Iron work at 623 Howard st.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
Civil service or census examination without
seeing catalogue of information, sent free. Co-
lumbian Correspondence College, Washington.
D. C. \
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists and electri-
cian?— Send 10c for new 40-page pamphlet,
containing list of questions asked by Exam-
ining Board of Engineers. GEO. A. ZEL-
LER, Bookseller. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED—
Laboring men. $1 S5 to $2 40 per day.
Skilled men. $2 40 to $4 per day.
KESWICK SMELTING WORKS.
Ke«wlck. Shasta Co.. Cal.
A PRACTICAL man capable of taking charge
of a small steam laundry; near the city; ref-
erences necetFary. Address box 222. Call.
SMART boy i; to 17 years old wanted to work j
in lactory: one not alraid of work: wages $12 ,
to $14 per month. Address box 134. Call. I
BARBER— First-class, young man; easy, steady
job. 705 Fourth st.. San RafaeL
BARBERS— First-class shop In town of 2500;
for »ale cheap: shaving 25c. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 166 Ellis St.
2-CHAIR barber shop, complete, for sale cheao
1739 Mission St.
SHEEPSKIN cutters and apprentices. Car-
son Glove Co., 35 Market St.
CARRIAGE wood workers and wheelwrights
O'BRIEN & SONS, 500 Golden Gate ave.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price S62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good charcter; between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than o feet 4
inches and not over 8 feet 1 inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons *-ho have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak En.lirh properlyi For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal., 630 K
st.. Sacramento. Cal.. or IPS'* J st. . Fresno, Cal.
WANTED — Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines, Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent Rt the mines or to the company, at
828 Montgomery st., San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquin Coal Company.
GET youi shoes half-soled while waiting £5c to
COc. C62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— A good molder on Jobblnjr work;
union man; married preferred; to * live man
permanent Job. Variety Iron Works. Seat-
tle. Waah. ,
SALESMAN by tea. coffee and matting Im-
porters; city and local territory; salary ana
commission: good reference. Box 1-a. can.
FIRST-CLASS general carriage and wajjoa
blacksmith. 128 Spear st. ;
WANTED-Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, stm
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 1^> 'arga
rooms; 25c per night; « to iZ per week.
MEN and women to leaxn barber trade; small
wages while learning: catalogue mailed iree.
S. F. Barber College. "HA Howard st.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. *™£*.
early Monday at 527 Hth -t. n-ar ouerrero.
I San Francisco Construction Company.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen an-lrreen hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart.
PENSIONS-- EO. D. CAMPUELU lawyer W
years 'practice; I-xaminer Dia--
WIXCHESTER House. 44 Third -t.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c riding room Jreo
•bus and baggage to and from the terry.
A BRANCH office for Call « d 1 ve . rtl , se " le . n^ f__
«ub-rripfii»na has been established at u*» Va-
lencia -t. ___ _— _y«
HOK-B9, LIVK STOCK. Ktc Kor »»*•
?_ssr/<£_i5_^_«s_a
LOT of cheap horses for campers, ue.ldler- cr
business at CANTY'S. HTO ilarket St.; Castro-
gt. cars pass the doer. t
HORSE for sale; saddle or busrsy. ¦_*_& W-
MAS.. 1S0O Howard St.. from 9 to 1- a. m.
FOR sale— 2 extm fine carriage teams. DAL-
Z1KL Vet. Dentist. 603 C.ol.ien Gate ave.
FOR S\LE— Nice road animal, bike bu(?gy a_dl
harness. Nevada Stables. 1350 Market at.
HORSES-Toung. well-broken, for all PJWPUM;
cheap: best In city. 721 Howar.l st.. nr Thlrcl
HOU-K » TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— J26: li>21 Broderick. corner of Sacramento;
st.; 8 rooms and bath; laundry and basement;
newly papered and painted; cable passes.
DEVISADERO, 521— House, S room- and bath.
basement, yard: modern. — —
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 70S— Elegant house. 19
rooms and bath; sunny, modern. Apply G.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
HOUSE. 633 Locust ave.. near Golden Gate ave..
off Lajcunar rent fl2-
MINNA, 6S, sunny side— 8 rooms; fresh painted
and papered; rent cheap. _________
MODERN house; 10 rooms; bath; stable in rear.
817 Union at. near Fowell-st. cars.
HOUSE TO LET IN MILL VALLEY.
FURNISHED cotluge of 5 rooms and bath in
Mill Valley toe the month of August or
longer to rent very cheap. O. w KLOF.R,
room X>, Tbelan building, or E. STLEL_,
Mill Valley.
IIOUSCS WASTED.
WANTED— Furnished house of 15 or 12 room*
fc.r aix months or longer ; must be modern;
north of Pine and east of Devraadero sts. Ad-
dress M. R- box 1S3. Call office.
LOST A.M> FOINU.
LOST— On McAllister-st. car between Powell
and Pierce 9t.«.. lady's goiJ watch, set with
diamonds. Return to U3» Golden, Gate avenue
and receive liberal leward.
LOST— Gold charm; Initials C. H. W, Return
to 1608 Castro St.; reward: two photos.
SQUARE gold and platinum diamond aet
locket; liberal reward. Return 76 Flood bids.
THIRD, Market and Kearny; diamond locket;
C. I. H. on back. Return room So, Flood
building: reward.
PASSBOOK nibernla Savings an.l Loan So-
ciety, with name THOMAS DUNNE cr
CATHERINE DUNNE, No. 201- 2jT. i-inder
will please return to bank.
LOST — A pearl sunburst breastpin, diamond
center, tinder please return _32 Eddy s:.
and receive reward.
IK the Chinese lady that took the two rings
from my residence at 727 Washington »t.. Sun-
day morning about 10 o'clock, will return tha
E-carat diamond ring to me Immediately no
questions will be asked. DR. TONG PO CHI.'
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market St.— Relia-
ble ladies' and gents' specialists; 32 years*
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladies treated can return home the same
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and. reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. J3, positive cure; hrwne for patle'it* be-
fore a:id during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confiden-
tial: hours, 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; Sundays, 10 to
2. US Eddy st., bet. Leaven worth and Hyd~.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELLL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can b«
used at home; consultation fr°e. After all
others fall call on him. ic_'i Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles" specialists^
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure $5: have treated thousands- of cases with
success; li years' practice In ri. F.J maternity
home; low fees. 1007^ Market st., near Sixth.
A STRICTLY private, secluded residence, away
from crowded thoroughfares and the public
gaze, for the treatment of women; conflne-
ment cases taken. MRS. DR. FUXKE, 1414
Eighth st.. Alameda.
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultatfcn free; con-
fldential. i>— Poet st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRP. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
1st: home in confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas: eani-
tarium.740 Sacramento.cor.Kearny;advlce free.
DR. WISE (YS)— The only genuine ladies' ape.
cialist. Office. 111S Market at.; treatment. 15.
DR. WONG HTM. herb doctor, trrata a!l~_I_I
eases of the human body. 113 Mason it.
MISCELLANEOUS FOIl SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture anj
fixtures; new and ¦¦?cond-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our fioor. ready inaue;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. abova
Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR sale— Hoc pony cylinder. 17x21; 1_ horse-
power gas or gasoline engine: bench speed
lathe, polishing lathe, footpuwer gig s— w;
good order; bargain. Write or see 11OAG. i57
Mission st. .
A BEAUTIFLTL pair solitaire diamond screws
weighing XX carats; pure white; for only H05-
original cost $200. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant avenue.
FOR sale, cheap: counters, shelving and show-
case*. Apply 61J Stevenson st. No agents.
SIXO FEET 2<l-hand pipe, black anl straight.
l'-oC per foot: other sizes higher. Si Silver st.
CKOICE canary birds fur sale. 513 Fulton st.
lU.OOO-GALLON redwood tank and frame: lOCO
feet 4-lneh casing. THOMPSON, 40 Main st.
1 OAK top counter: 21 feet long: cheap; good aa
new. RICHARD C. JONES. TCj L'ryanl st.
PIGEONS, fancy and common; large wire cage
and nests. c2i) Hermann st.. near Fillmore.
HOUSE painters' complete uutflt: staging and
ladders. See PAINTER. |_ Thin! st.. r 7.
THOROUGHBRED St. Bernard dog for sale
51Ste Ninth _t.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Kines. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHIT-LAW, 21. Spear st.
A— *3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats, il 73. Pop-
ular Price Hattfrs. COCi Kearny St.. near Pine.
GREYHOUND pnppfc* 3 cr II months old. by
St. Lawrence; reasonable. 27o6 Twenty-second.
SACRIFICE! Greirt Dane pui<s; prize" pedigreed
stock. Box E. .Walnut Creek. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS combination pool table fcr sale.
1^20 Kentucky at.
ONE black and tan pup for sale; 4 old ones to
let on shares. 712 Mission it.
ALL sizes engines and boilers bough' and sold.
KROCH MFG. CO.. 9 Stevenson s".
2ND-IIAND engines, boilers. dj»namos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White, iis Mission.
A FINE suit. J10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. _7 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITElt. nS] 2 Smith Premier: Fata
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo •applies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bld*-37
THE SAN FRANCISCO €ALL, SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
f MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
lViSOX concert phone jrraph— Reduced price
>-r concert rf<:crgt-. jl ;.Q. Baclgalupt. 853 Mkt!
iHTAiiLn engirtf. boilers; iron an d wood
j htlie»: ?d-har.d. J. Burke, I3v Beaie.
OND-HANI) rwpro-wf safe; 1 fire and bur*-
• - r ! r "' f *afe: cheap, ii Main et. _
r:\CIC lant^rr.c. new and cecnn4-hand; raovlair
upturn, m-LLARD &. CHECK. 131 foft Et.
A 10-TOX Fairbanks urale snd fire and burglar
tTTKjf yaie. :'it California el
: -;.rKS— N>« ; an.i *e<-c-d-har.d. THE llizii-
n co ¦ -""-^ t^cramento Ft.
•^v ) F ] : , : 'r^ pw "»d Kcond-huid; all tizrs. THE
•r.Ty. SAVE. liS-in Market fi.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
n'A^TED-SOO cn<? or iwo-year-old Infers;
nust L-e dairy etock and free from disease;
r-tate particulars. Address box 127. Call.
' VAN " T^"-^Ca.irp<r.R outfit in good cornitticn
4fln»» Cf ATKIKBwM pacific aT^AUaraUJ
cr aEy~c"!d"7timrs. C. E.
L.. H6. Call orace.
¦ ¦'AKUl.NK, 21'y Fremont st.
S£r5£5f?i?.i*r; "*** We *** blg * rices tor.
Hm.LASr) !-r.A.N- of-FICE. IS Stockton bt
l^^T' U w - i r h .: cU "tfM'oryoor cast-off clothing
czh on rt fOHrx. IS? Third: trl. Black <12i
aiOMIV '7^ LOA.\.
ANY uacmst kt « per cent; lstriTanTsFrnorT
ja?e*. uaJhioXJ interest, real estate la pro-
_•*•-*; rc.ortjjii£<.s ar.d lfpacies bought: no de-
ar: Cft ray t^rsis b-fc-re doing business else-
'vhcre. n. v c < OLGAX. u Montgomery, r. J.
>NY rrcpcsiticn, any air.cunt; 6 per cent; first.
/ recond iai^rtfca**-*. •state* in rr^bate ir.t»>r*-st
I la estate, ier&cies, corporation loani. chattel
\ i, aort e»ees. Hie ir.surfar.oe. Rocm 36. first
3ooi. Chronicle i .is;. HAL.LOJIAN t OLSCN.
l:.<'.V.l.\ ?~ ratable private p'.ac* to cblaln
liberal »Ju::if» on llUMOti, jewelry at low-
m rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. M« Market
?t. : T>;. Main 16<4. Branch IS Third »t.
CX real estate. 1st or Ind mortgages. ar.J on
fnrnltsn or pianos; no removml: any unooat:
¦ oweyt ra-.fg BECKER & CO..J6 M^ntfromery.
ON furn:ture end p:a nos without reir-oval; quick
f«rvicr; mon«?y direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
CS ar.ii <;:.. Ix.nohoe bMtidir.g, 1370 Merket st.
A'O^T reliable plaice \o t>orrow on diamonds
wxtcfaeo. Jewelry. W. j. HESTHAU :¦> Sixth;
V-.phett rr.ee for eld golc. tiiver. <5ia:r.t ni*.
AT 126 Kearr-v. rocrn •.-. resp-i-tab'.e private
place to borrow on w«i*h*s. dia^ior.d?: lowest
ratee; tak» elevator. Telephone Davis SJ6.
ANT amount en furniture and pianoi: 3 per
c+m : no rrrr.ova.1 ; no ccm. Rm. El. * Eddy.
I** «*lari«rd ; eople without security; a'l bu*i-
i.e«» cor.tidfr.tlal. Toosl«7 Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furr.:tur*. rianor: 3 per cent fer rr.i.th; no
corcmlsticr,, Mrs. Wi'ton. rcn. li-1. € E3dy tt.
•ANY sum. 1st cr ti mcrtpapes. estate* in pr*>-
bate. chattel*, etc. R. C- S. Ejusminer building.
Ii MI'RPHtT«30 Market et.. solves aTTkinds of
r.nar.cia; problems: 2d rr.ort^aBe*. estates, etc.
A^H loaned to salaried pwple or. note without
indorse. MORRKI.L. C(*9 E*Err.:r.<-r building.
ON furniture, r'ar.os. without removal: nocora-
nnft-icn: 1 rivat«*. LICK. 116 McAK'.ftrr Et.
Z -'.:arie<i men without collateral or Indorser.
6. F. Discount Arenrr. *<3 Ph*>'an bu'.'.dirp.
MlislCAL MSTm-MEXTS.
1 GOOI> Bprtsfet; good for bcclnner; SC5.
II N«-uman upright; roe«wood ca*e: tlZi.
1 Fiwhtrr upright; the genuine make: J1E3.
1 Sterling upright: wainut case: J25.
1 Vo^e ut>ri£ht: cood as r.rw; JCTS.
1 Peas* upright: u*ed t months: $115.
1 'Weber: walnut case: a «rn?at bareain.
1 Sitck: iar^e size; wmlBSt case; a trap.
TZtify payments: p'.lt-edRe sruHrar.tee.
BENJ. CUBTAZ A: BOX: 16-U-a O Farrell st.
- we rejire^ent the b«*t make c' r'anos ir.
W7 trade from Pteinwaj down to low-
priced makes, end as our inrtaltTient pay-
mffltt ar* easier than those of other dealer?, j
we are the pecp'.e !rom whom yoa should I
purchase; new upright piano?. 13 cafh. JS ff 1
month: other pianos, $3. 14 Z"A $T. [*r rr.or.th
CLAY & CO.. Stei-way dealers.
corner Kearny and Sutter ?t«... Han Francisco.
c irner Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
EitEBSOX STS: Gun 3. H00; N'ewfaaOJ H»; Hm-
pr*on. $iT5: all fcreat bargains: coir.«? early;
tihey won't stay long. MALTVAIS MUSIC CO.;
:•: ' Market Bt.
T"NTII. August 1 »e offer all poods at special
f redactions to make room for new »t<yk now
ordered. MALTAlS UT2BZC CO.. 763 Market:
ABSGLCTELT the oJdert and Iarffe«t hou«? |
I west of Chlcaxo i« KOKLEU & CHASES. !
-- -.tA 2" O'Farre!! ft.: pih.T\cs. cr.Tar.s and j
•".'r mus-ica! instrurr.ents of all grades!
and prices: terms eas=y; prices lowest: every-
• -- rotsible done ta please and satisfy th«
easterner.
KEMOVAL cf KEEFFK'P riano Etore to S23 |
Market Et., between Fifth and Sixth, next to j
Hale Bros.: redaction tale irfll cor.tinue for !
two weeks to rrjike' rfom for new st<-ck: open
• --r.-.rxf. aper.o' for the oeiebrated Shoninger
A: Befanrcs pia.n'-*. New York.:
A vnr.Y fine upricht j;'.ar.o, rich prade. orip-
§:r.pl price $C00. oSercd at a px^at yarriflje on j
tnt of liirr^t-g. Koom V:. flood building. !
( UQSXXG out; fifteen pianos and ortrans at
your own i>ric*s this week only. SPENCER'S,
ISIS Market tt., above Van Ness ave.
SCEW piano ror 1:73; «wt J«00; must sell In "
days. ICM Ooiden Gate ave.
I TSn Uree upright roee»o.j<l case. 3(H5 '¦
i:-rhte*T.th ft. j
FINE urricht Etelnway for 1ZX. KEEFFE7S. j
iTX llark^t 5t.. r.ext to Hale's. |
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., ZU Po»t St.:
¦ llardstaa, Cuutivei and other piancg.
*/'!l!i:R & CO, Byron llauzy. Gabler. narr.il-
/• n pianos. S£* Post st.. cpp. Union square.
V/-RGAIN — Gof«l piarso cheap: itiMallrrent $3!
per month. SCHMtTZ. IS McAUlMer Ft.
FLAl'GHTKR tale r,f rUnoe tbla week for !
*«ora*e. WILSONS STORAGE. ITU Market. |
V.'. G. BADGER. U2 Saerarr.er.to ft., airer.t for j
Francis B*o«B Ittfl Hallett & Dr-vjy pacos.
SLTCRIQB vir:ir.j=. rithers. old a-d r,ew. H. \
illJLLElt. rr.skT. repairer. I LatSisni place. .
ONE Ftelr.way 1 O-.lckertr.e. Sl«f<; lostallme&ta I
IS to JIG. r*-nt 12 up. HEINE S. 136 H!!!* »t. j
1".EI)UCTION *a;e: new piar.o*. $5 {-aymcr.ts:
for rer.t. tt up. P.nTKXN'. Si? Patt ?t.
OFFlCnS A\D STOItKS TO LET.
EUVI'tit, tltt. Dear Bcott; 3 y^ars ?stat>:if-h«-'i
§ fruit Btore cr suitable butcher ibop; large
ptore: Z living toonas: stable.
V.KBfTER. 13C3— Three unfurnished rooms; caji
al("3 I* used for a -small huslntts.
Gt'ERRERO. l'«43. near Twrnty-third-Store;
fixtur«-f. ofilar and livirij: rooms.
r<">n rert — Elegant offices ar"i rooms in T. M.
C. A. tlig-: all modern imj* ; rer.ts verj' low.
FOLS031. 23it-tijore and S roosts; water fre«;
r»r t f*.
T<» It: etore. IMC Hyde; e°°d location tor shoe-
¦¦
TO rent— Modern etnre: well lighted; 2ixlfc;
r«rt r*-£^or.iit ',». Z2i llay-en Ft.
J4ME. Ne»>rR8rd. Pre*. St. Germain College of
PaiTr:«<--tT-v: r«a-:g in?. Ciff Geary, nr. Jor:e«.
PfclRSO.NALS.
A GEN7I.EMAX. trt. Protertant. desires the
aciuainuict of finirle lady or widow <with-
<i\lt children) wiitj a vl*-w to an early mar-
¦.l~> a&d i'UEinet)!. I^eilieg not objecting to!
( Baa Ptaoelaeo for • lirae and poysessir.g
I ir.<r ci;.;tai. I'.taf addrea* box 16T. Cail.
A KEriXCD (lifts', rs. wishes the acqualnt-
«&ce of u. tectifcti.nn with niear;?; object
matrimony: relere^ce» «rich^r.2ed. Dox'172.
puJ c:rice.
XOITXK3 1r-a.11 'r.iiner* wishes u, •xwrwpond with
.-.z woman; object matritneny. "l*aj
Mour.tain«*n" br\ ::s. Call oltice. : :
LKD£BCIt in HH th» hair In the most elegant
I t=ty*e« for t/nly Z:*-: try him.
ARE jou liaid? Ic your hsir rroy or falling,
cr :ui: of dandruff? I ruarar.t^ a cure; Lux-
uricl iiust devfloijer n«>vi-r fails; rend for
Fli«rant«-e «nd te«timcnia!B. n. It. DUNLAI*.
I'ow. 1!. Eddy ar.d Market si*.. P. F.
I.}:! '.:V.'A: pell* f-'ehe'tter's Cotortne: restores
Uji lutural < oHr to th>:- hsir: 75c bcx.
J*«1VAT5-: dctecUr* work; reasonable raict,; 10
y«mrt' txi«rt«ace. J. B. I1A V. 3iT Jeysi? st.
FUTURE f'.rttold by Fiars; kt m? hel;> you un-
l .;.<] ycur character: tni<\ l&c aud Jate for
tr.a! nadini. ¦ I'llCl*. AT WOOD. but. Zt. ill.
Vernos. N. V.
j..,; [Ks4Bu?t enlarged C inches; failure Im-
pOESlbl*; • a«0 cuarantee; proof free. L* 0 5-
i.rd Medicine Co., Kansas City, Kans.
LnDEKKIi the f>cr-ul3r hain!r«.-r»er. hif a t ,-.-?-
cial sale en of f2 - «-witcbej« lor SI; MonCjiy
only. l~" Etoclttoa tt.
HABSXAOE bcrr-an; cst. li±~: reliable and ccn-
UAeriml; llitfi. lC-c. Mrs. Hertz, TCC i:il:s tt.
l.H* r tr''-KJi, the popular hairdresser, upes a:i«l
t<Vf: QulnUnlca Hair Tonic, S5f> hot.,
KCT» l'<vmo Sha.rr.prio, &c rkR- 13 Stockton.
SUITS to order on installments; J!5 upward;
tl a week. LEON LEIK'S. 1117 Market (L,
between and Eighth.
SIMi:. ADA. wonderfully girted nea>r. U
Kearr.y t-t., rjom 11. cures nervousness, in-
l( ,ir.|"a p ti;rintt£. Crlght's disease. ruj>tur».
PERSONALS.
FREE— Success In life can only be obtained
through influence; will send absolutely free a
ICO-nage book which explains all secrets of
hypnotism, personal magnetUm & magnetic
healing; tells how to cure diseases & bad hab-
its, enables ycu to win &. hold the love and re-
ppect of others; anybody can learn" In a few
days; we guarantee success; write to-day. Ad-
dress NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF SCI-
ENCC. Dept. S17L, P.ochester. N. Y.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 5o per cent by
having your work dene at Rembrandt Studio,
EM Market St.. cor. Stockton; kodaks. SV»x3V».
unly Sic; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fefKlcrial advice free; lessons given. 50c each.
RAG carpets wove 10 order and fcr sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70S Filth. Oaklar.d.
PARALYSIS positively cured; also nervous dis-
eases, skin diseases, lung- diseases, osslflca-
tion, canc-r, consumption, stiff Joints: no
druira; no kulfe ; consultation free. DR. L- J-
STRATTON, r,07. {-0?, 509 Parrott bulldlns.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.,
HOPKE BROS.
Mattre**es and pillows made to order, re-cov-
ered and rer.ovat»d; honest work guaranteed;
pfices defy competition: fine upholstery.
Phcno EC??; factory. 3i« and JIO Eleventh st.:
Srrt-claas cleaning and dyeing. 409 Sutter
»t., Ean Francisco.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winc'.iester
Hotel. 44 Third bt.. near Market; 7QP rooms;
2tc to $1 TO r*r night; $1 50 to $« per week;
free 'bus ar.d baggage to ar.d from thfc ferry.
LADIES' and ger.ts' cast-on* clcthing bought &
sold. Siivernian. SS4 Fols=om. tel. Folsom 1191.
Mli-S SHELDON, chircpodist and card reader.
i-0 Market St.. second floor, room 37.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver. bra?». copper
! ware; curio*, all descriptions. 525 Dupont st.
! Pt'IT? to ord-r cr. easy payments. Art Tailor-
: ir.sr Co.. KxamirxT building, room 407.
i ALFKRD'.'MS Egyptian Her.na restore gray
hair to it3 natural color, Jl; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF dcthiccold raid and silver bought;
s<=r.d postal. f'OLEMAN'S. 606 Kearny Bt.
G. V MORSE, photographer. tSM Pacific ave..
br:ir.>e:i p:« r re xnd Pct.tt; phon* Stein<r S331.
rUOTOGRAPUIC SUPPLIES.
WE lean kor.aks free; photo supplies. Backus
ft'j'i!". 11 fiwirr «t ernund «n<1 top floors.
PHYSICIANS AXD SLKUEOAS.
DR. CRANSTON, the great specialist, has re-
turned practice at 1S06 Market, cor. Taylor;
offices 15 and 26: take elevator.
DR C. C ODONNELL— Office an3 residence,
1P21H Market st.. b«t. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOIt SaLE.
BALr>WIN~&~HO\VELU
10 MONTGOMERY ST
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
Near City Hall: 27:9x137:6; a splendid oppor-
tunity; only H3.F.00.
H-ST. FRONTAGES.
Several choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate trices and on eaj-y tenns; get par-
ticulars at ofnee.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
$27,500— PaclSc-avcr.ue residtnee; elegant mo-1-
em residence. 17 rooms, I baths: all arrange-
ment* for an up-to-date home: lot 37:6x122:6.
$MK*— Gre«-n Ft., near Gouch; gf-ed residenc*,
9 rooms acd bath and launJry: lot 126:6x137:6.
A FINK INVESTMENT.
I3f.0f«>— Oary st.. near Van Nees avenue: 4
residences: rents $150; lot 97:£xl20 to rear street.
S37.M.}— Filsoin st., corner: manufacturing uls-
trirt: 3 frontages; rents $17i'; lot 10<>xS7:6.
tll.OOO— Rents $113; Castro St.. corner; stores
and Sats; let S0x<0.
A BARGAIN.
JSSOfl— Mission road, near Thirtieth: one-story
building containing store and 3 living rooma
In the rear; street wcrk done; lot 25x72.
fAN OFFER WANTED.
$^!7.0— Rltch st.; 5 fiats; rents $»2 50: lot 22x80.
$GoX— Rent* $S5: N'atrma st.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 fiats fct«->v«?: lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
IIJOX*— Eroadwcy. near Van Ness avenue; ?
two-story frame houses; 7 rooms each; rents
K-O: lot 60:Cxl37:£.
$;6.f<H»-I>rice reduced: Washington St. resi-
dence, with fine marine view; large garden; »un
all day; let 137:tJxl3T:6; don't fall to see this
property. '
i27J'>— Richmond District; entirely new: 2 cot-
tatr-s: modern in every respect; easy terms.
JSJ^:-— Sunset District; 2 handsome new mod-
ern r<»si'ierces, just completed; 6 rooms and
bath and basement: lot 2Zxl2'' 1 : easy terms. Call
at branch office. Ninth avenue and H st.
14004 — Sterner et., near Ellis; cottage 4 rooms_;
lot 25x30.
VACANT LOTS.
$£000 — Van Ne«s avenue; corner; 32xK9.
$15.000 — Presidio Heights: corner; 137:xl27:Sli;
Bne marlre view; choice residence let.
COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$325*-Mlll Valley cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
partly finished attic: large lot: will trade for
:ity property. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
VON RHE1N REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$55.000— NW. corner; Turk St.. near Larkln;
137:6x137:6: rer.ts $2i5; partially Improved.
$50.0v0 — Warehouse in vicinity of Fourth and
Townser.d &ts. : SS)x!40 feet; two frontages.
Broadway, near Franklin »t. — 77x137:6; modern
house of 15 rooms.
J2S.G0&— Market st., near Valencia; 3S:llHxl24:
irregular to StevenRon st. : frame Improvements.
Sli.OuG — Corner Green and Powell sts.; 70x70;
S-story buildinc: rents $132.
$12,500— L'nion St.. near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house; 25:Sxl2S:5; rents $37.
$*0CO— Ellis st.. near octavia; 25x120; house of
S rooms and bath.
$72^0 — Van Nees ave.. rear Pacific avu.; 2jx
100: house of 12 rooms.
$€500— Grove st.. near Central ave.: 25x137:5;
new three-Ftory bay-window flats; rer.ts $50.
Natorr.a ft., near Tenth — CCxTS; three houses:
rents $t»; must be sold.
S&jOO— Valleju st., near Mason; 4S:l»ixl37:6,
with an L: 2 Cats and rear house; rents $64.
$60f<0— Folsom st.. near Eighth: 2Cx90; 2 flats;
rents J4S.
$:.600 — Gwn ft., near IXipont; 26:6xS0; 3 bay-
window flats; rents $T-5.
%¥££— Webster st.. c*ar Filbert; 25xl«; 6-room
cottage. ,-. ; : ¦¦-¦¦• £
tt::*.'— Ellis St.. near Pierce; 30x75; cottage;
stable.
J^rfX' — Central ave., near Hayes St.; store and
4 rooir.s and bath; 25x100.
UNIMPROVED.
$?WY — Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth; 6Sx38.
JW-00 — Corner Bryant and Twenty-second ats. ;
iZxWi; will subdivide.
$7-%ca- Fuiton. near Fillmore: 32:Cxl37:S.
$3000 — Lagur.a Et., near Pa?e; 25x100.
t'Z'.hd each— Post st.. near Devisadero: 2 lota.
3f<x9G— W. line of Mission. S. of Army: 3 lots.
$;7jn — Corner Castro and Alvarado; 26:6x105.
ilSPO— fiutteT M., near Lyon; 35:3x»0.
$:.'-00— Union «-t.. near Pierce; 25:2x100.
LYON & HO A (3.
REAL ESTATE INSURANCE.
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
J7.1S0— P.»nt $£»: an excellent Investment at the
Mission: four flats and 5 houses: big
lot. 61x115 to rear street: houses in fine
condition; modern plumbing; best bar-
caln offered.
SS.2C0 — Qood cottage on Buchanan st. : con-
tains 7 rooms, ef . n<"ar Page st. ; big-
gest ktr.d of a. bargain.
FIXE INVESTMENT.
J1CM0— Rent $13C; choice corner Investment in
Western Addition, net far from town;
with changes in buildings would ray
*\>n l&rseT Income: larse corner lot,
has a total frontape of ov»r ISO feet;
Ftrw.s accepted; buildings rood; store,
flats, etc.
A BUSINESS PROPERTY
AT GREAT BARGAIN.
*3. 750— All rer.tefl for J33: splendid business
property m Western Addition; good
bulHirifr?: steady tenants: bound to In-
crease In value; large lot; offer wanted;
this is a big bargain.
LTON & HOAO,
I 114 MONTGOMERY BT\j
BARGAIN
tC2." : $:<¦« rasli: balance $." p*r month: on In-
f.»;;™iits; choice list of buildin* lota on
Kliial.eth Ft.. Let. Doupla?c st. and Hoffman
»\f.. s'.ze 2'xU4: U block from electric cars;
this location Is rapidly being !;ullt up by nice
Dew buaseraad the lot* oJTered are the cheap-
est in tin- Mission: ready for building: will
trive p'.fresMon imedlately; will arrange 10
build: installment payments if desired. G.
II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st. •.
512C0 — NEW cottape. 4 rooms, bath. tank.
closet. ttl«"«l sink, with one <;r two nice lots;
block from Folsom-si. electric care; Install-
rr.fnts 11° to $15 monthly cr will sacrifice for
cash; far.ks will lean $iw-i to $1200 at 6 per
cent. P. AT 2:s rin * "t.
J3'V) — CHJSAFEST let* in th» city; 25x100: on
ynur own terms', only 4 minutes to 24th-st.
o'eetrle cars. Bryant cr Folsom *L transfer.
2Sth and WifC-nr.sin sts. RIVERS BROS., 227
Moritjrcmery *t.
VERY cheap; Bush. E. of Larkln; nice large
residence, or roul'l be turned Into flats; very
gunny; SPsl37:S. Apply on pr"miRet»,1225 Bush.
FOR Fale in this city, a modern home of 12
beautifully furnished ruoms; lar^e garden.
lawn?, croquet ground, rtc. Apply at 214
1'iii* 1 Ft., rorm C7.
• FLATS «nd cottage in rear; co*t *<RJO: Te-
harra Ft.. n«?»r *th: offer. BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or at
the Mission that you want to sell; then call
' " W. J. GU.VN, 530 California «C
•GfiOO— 2-story house, S rms., bath; good as new;
' |at on Stanyan st.. near nark. If takei
at once. Apply H. L. ItEA. 403 Washington.
S40T^) O'FarreJI Et.. near Devisad«ro; simnyslde:
rer.t 545: 43xS0; price has been reduced from
tiOOO »r> make quick sale: great bargain. L.
OESTEKKEICHER. 117 Sutter st.
jjEW eottas*: * rooms, bath: lot 50x100: Mls-
eicn: easy tenun or vacant lot. 41S Kearny st.
MODERN bouses and flats built at lowest
prices- plans and estimates furnished ' for all
building work. CAMPBELL. U47 Mission et.
REAX TESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
14 Montgomery Bt.
$2,750— Rents $433 per annum; near Sixth and
Brannan sts.; 6 fiats and lot, 25x100;
this U a bargain.
$4,500 — Rents $480 per annum; Folsom St.; good
investment; 2 substantial flats of 6 and 5
rooma and bath each; high basement;
could be converted into third flat at
small outlay and be made to pay at
least 1 per cent net on investment.
$7.000 — Only $1000 cash required, balance equal
to ¦ rent; elefant park mansion of 9
rooms and bath; modern in every par-
ticular; must be sold, as owner intends
leaving for the South.
$3.500 — Rents J540 per annum; 2-story house and
2 flats ol • rocms and bath each, and
lot; near Third and Folsom sts.
$27,500— Rents $4S00 per annum; Chinatown prop-
erty; 6-storj' brick improvements and
lot. 7iiii5.
$9,000 — Rents JS30 p*r annum; business corner
on Howard st. ; substantial improve-
ments; 2 stores and 2 flats; always
rented; 44:11^x75:6; to close an estate.
$S,750— Price greatly reduced; Sutter St.; flne 2-
etory attic and basement residence of 12
rooms, bath, laundry, storeroom, out-
house, etc.; large lot. 34:4^x137:6; only
$2750 cash required, balance can remain
at 6 rer cent; a bargain; building cuet
$11.COU to build.
$5,000— Rents JS10 rer annum; 2 flats and cot-
tage; brick foundation; bath; both
streets accepted, $3500 can remain at 6
per cent; Fulton st ; well located; 27:6x
120; 2 frontages; this is a bargain; must
be sold.
$4.W0— Rents *330 per annum; new park flats;
modern; 25xlOC:3.
$4,000— Rer.te $o04 per annum; 2 stores and flats;
nearly new; modern buildlnc, good lo-
cation In the Mission.
$2.600— Rents $444 p«r annum; 4 flats and lot;
fronts on 2 streets; near Third and
Brannan sts.
$2,100 — Rents $336 per annum; near Seventh
BJid Harrison Ets.; store and 2 rooms
and upjier flat of 4 rooms and 2 reax
tenements of 4 rooms each; 25xbO.
$1,1 M)0— Another bargain; cottage of 4 rooms
and lot; in the Mission warm belt; must
be sold to close an estate.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County, 25c.
Choice lift of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords." which contains a list of properties for
sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery at.
. MADISON & BURKE, Real Eatate Agents.
£26 Market st.. opp. i'alace Hotel.
Established 1858.
Post, near Jones; groat future; lot 26:3x137:6;
• sold to clcse an estate.
$37.000 — Fulton »t.. between Polk it. and Van
" Nets avenue; lot 50x120 to Ash avenue.
$CSOO— Cspp St.. near Twenty-third; rents $65;
flats all rented; 37:6xl£2:6.
$6500— Laundry: well leased; Lombard tt.
near Flilmcre; 6S:!xl37:6.
Elegant residence Just finished: Masonic ave-
nue, near Frederick st. : grand view of both
ocean and bay; 8 rooms, bath, attic, etc.; el<?c-
J trie wires, gaa grates and sun in every room:
price only J3C00.
California St.. adjoining corner Polk; lot 50x
' 87:6; must be sold to close estate.
$S000— McAllister s<t.. near Lacuna; rents $57;
' lot 26:6x120 to Locust avenue.
• j $?000— Harrison St.. near Tenth: flats; rents
j $50; only partially Improved; 75x100.
i
JSOOfl — Baker st.. near Sacramento; S rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
, $2300— Bryant Et.. near Seventh; two cottages;
rents $20; lot 2OxS0.
$4250— Octavia st., near Halght; an elegant
lot for modern flats; 37:6x100.
$3500— Greenwich et., between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:8x100.
$1500— Day st.. near Church; cottage of 5
rooms; lot 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
j ___
I FOR SALE BY BURNHAM & MARSH CO.
20 Montgomery st.
RARE CHANCE.
I *9750 Rent $95 a month
Elegant almost new modern flat of 7, 7 and
8 rooms and bath, marble steps, etc. ; choice
W. A. location; very sunny and never vacant.
SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$S5.Q0O Rent $450 a month
Large lot: permanent brick ' improvements ;
I near Union square.
HOTEL PROPERTY.
I $12.000 ...Rent $100 a month
Fine 3-etory building; 1 block from Call build-
ing; only one tenant; pay water and make all
repairs.
' DOWNTOWN FLATS.
j JE650 Rent $45
j 3 elegant flats few feet from Geary and Tay-
lor.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
$1900 Rent $20 a month
Warm belt of Mission : cottage and stable;
must sell this week; offer wanted.
BCRNHAM & MARSH,
20 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO. 667 Market sL,
Opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$55.000 — Best corner, Van Ness avenue; lot 60x
I 109 feet; improved.
i $42. 000— Corner: rents J450O; modern Improve-
ment?; lot 80x137:6; rays 10 p-er cent net.
$30.000— Sixth St.. corner: modern building;
37-foot frontage: rents $225: stores and lodg-
ing houpe; bank" will loan $20,000.
i22,<A«>— Sixth st.; 75 feet frontage; rents $200;
four stores and r0 rooms.
$r>,000— Taylor-st. Investment; close to Eddy;
25 feet frontage.
$11,000 — Market-st. corner; modern building;
store and fiat: former price, !15.5<4.
$3750— Ninth St., near Mission; Improved. ¦.
$7650— Six flats; rents $950 a year; lot 50x75.
$6000— Post St.: 3 fiats; rents JfiO.
UNIMPROVED BARGAINS.
$30,000— N. W. corner Goush and Clay sts.;
137:6x128 fe«t.
$S000— Market St.; €5x130 feet.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
6C7 Market st.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE CO ~~
207 Montgomery street.
BARGAINS FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
$6.00©—S flats; 4. 5. 5 rooms and bath; nr. Sut-
ter and Jones ets. ; rents $700 per annum:
always rented.
$1,200— Cheapest lot in the Mlxsion: 22d St., nr.
Dolores: nr. car lines; street sewered
and graded; 51x114; mort^atzre t!>00 can
remain; title perfect; ready for building.
$S50— To close an estate: 26x114; 2Sth St., nr.
Guerrero; nr. transfer point; graded
and sewered: mortgage $400 can remain.
$2,000 — Cor. Sanchez and Hancock sts.; 110x100;
to close an estate: both streets sewered.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE CO.,
207 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR. 40J PINE ST.
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
$3200— Rent $30; a fine business place; store
and flat of 4 rooms upstairs; a big bargain.
$2700— A cozy home; house 5 rooms and bath;
large lot: half block from car line.
$3300 — Rent $360 per annum; Btore and flat;
ncthlng like it in the city.
Only $1000 cash and $3000 mortgage for a flne
house and lot on the Panhandle Park, near
Ontral ave.
*7f>00 — Jackson et.. near Buchanan; lot 50:bx
12S; improved.
$SooO— Rent $TSO per annum; 4 flne flats on
Fillmore St.; lot MxSO.
$57:0— Rent $540 per annum; a nice business
property: on Geary st.: store and flats.
S3' 1 "i each — Four splendid lots, 25x90 each, on
Thirteenth (formerly Ridley) 8t.. Just west ol
Valencia.
$l£C0 each— Five lots, 23x70 each, on Clinton
Park, west of Valencia st.
j $3WO— RENTS $43; 4 flats: Dore St.
! $1750— Cheapest modern cottage In Mission:
, 23rd. near Hampshire; 5 rooms and bath; a
bargain: 25x95.
$47^» — Ren:« *45: 3 modern flats; Broderlck.
near Fulton; 8. 5 and 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x100; munt be sold. DAVID STERN &
SONS. 11 Montgomery Ft.
SOL GET7. & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Now Is the time to buy while urlces are low.
$450 to tSOO — Sunset lots, sewered and graded;
all ready to build en; in excellent locations; $10
monthly. '
$250 to $300— Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$75 to $300— Building lots near Mission st. and
Pan Mateo eWtric cars nn<1 Ocean View; all
level: no grading; tZ monthly.
$650 to $1000 for small cottages In excellent
locations nrer oars: payments Ram*' as rent.
Call for maps and diagrams.
BOL GETZ * BROTHER. •
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
A SNAP: $1800 cash: balance $l«0O remain nt
6 r>»r ceYit for 6 years; Ik>uf«» and lot; smalt
street near Eleventh and MisMon; income
U~> monthly. Bex ISO. Call office .
JilCfc-MOnEKN 5-room house in choice location
en Waller St., near .Pierce. 1 bloc* from
Haight-st.. cars;, finished with marble steps.
frescoed ceilings. 3 wood mantels, hard-ftn-
Ished basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash.
balance $50 monthly. F. NELSON. . builder.
ALL »ort« of financial problems solved ; by H.
MURPHY. 639 Market; 2d mortgages: estates.'
FOR sale — Chean: tO-foot lot. 4 living rooms
and grocery store. Apply 2910 San Bruno road.
U.1CAX. ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
«3S MARKET STREET.
DOWN TOWN RESIDENCES.
$3,000— REDUCED FROM $12,000
On that elegant residence block on Jones
St., between Clay and Sacramento; lot
27:6x120 feet; 9 rooms and bath.
17,500— MUST BE SOLD; ground alona worth
the money; lot A0xl20 feet; elegant mod-
modern residence of IS rooms and bath.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER FLATS.
$S,50O— Northeast corner, store and ~ J-story
house; ient» $57; lot 27:6x137:8 feet; mort-
gage $5000 can remain; make offer.
FORCED SALE-MAKE OFFER.
$£. 750— Three modern flats of 6, 6. and 7 rooms
and bath; on Grove st. ; lot 25x137:6 feet.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$6,000 — New elegant modern residence of 9 rooms
and bath; porcelain bath, tiled mantels,
frescoed dome, ceilings, etc; Cole at.
' SNAP— BARGAIN.
$?,:S0— REDUCED FROM $3.J(W
Modern store and 5-room flat; lot 25x100
feet; Geary st. cars pass.
BARGAINS IN LOTS— UNDER $1,000.
$110 Cash, balance $10 per month; 3 elegant
lots near Park Panhandle; flne view;
btreet macadamized.
Also 3 fine lots, including corner; Mis-
6ion warm belt; street bituminlzed; elec-
tric cars pass property.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & C.,^
635 MARKET STKKET.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S MARKET STREET.
AUCTION !
AUCTION! AUCTION!
AUCTION! AUCTION!
TUESDAY JULY 31. 1300.
At 12 O'clock Noon,
At Our Salesroom, 63S Market St.
MARKET STREET CORNER LOT.
Southeast corner Market and Sanchez ata.;
96:10x49x125 feet; speculators' opportunity,
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
No. 1650 Hayes st., near Central ave.; 3 mod-
ern flats of 6, 7. 8 rooms and bath; rents $55;
lot 25:4x137:6 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
No. 623 Natoma 6t., near Seventh; cottaee 7
rooms; lot 15x75 feet.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
Nos. 2307-9-11 California st.. near Webster: S
houses of 7. 9, 7 rooms and bath; rents $35 per
month; lot 54xS7 feet.
Nos. 20-22-22V4 Middle St., near California; 8
flats of 5, 4, 4 rooms; rents $30 per month; lot
25xS9 feet.
Northwest corner, 61-53-55 Webster St., and
No. 606 Hermann st. ; lot 24xSl:3 feet; 3 flats. 5,
5, 4 rooms and bath and house of 6 rooms; rents
$47 per month.
PEREMPTORT SALE.
Nos S04-6 Shotwell St., near Twenty-second;
! 2 cottages. 5 rooms and bath; 56x96x122:6 feet.
MISSION COTTAGR
No. 65 Whitney st., near Randall; modern
cottage of 5 rooms and basement; rents $12 per
month: lot 25x125 feet.
MISSION CORNER.
. Southwest corner Diamond and Twenty-sixth
sts.; JSxSO feet.
OCEAN VIEW INVESTMENT.
Southeast corner Randolph and Bright ats. ;
2 houses, 4 rooms; rents $15 per month; 20OxliXl.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
~^^2.
SANTA FE. SANTA FE.
NEW TOWNSITE TERMINUS SANTA FE
RAILROAD.
Where Shia and Rail Meet.
TWO COMPETING LINES OF RAILROAD.
Water Transportation.
LOTS $100. $10 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
The Coming Place.
Sure to Increase.
The Best Real Estate Investment on This Coast
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
$4500—2 NEW flats In Panhandle district; in-
come 1 per cent.
$1500— Great bargain; Probate sale; 5-room
cottage; Church st., near 29th; street bltumln-
ized.
$200 — Very cheap; at Ocean View; 50x100.
$900 — S0x240; irregular; flne buy; corner op-
posite new power house for San Mateo Elec-
tric road.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
$1300 TO $2000— New modern 3 to 5 room cottages
on Peralta ave., opposite 25th and Uryant
sts.: good car service; modern built; easy
termc; low Trices. .
McEWEN BROS., IIS Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of the Property.
€24 MARKET ST.
$20,000 — Lot 57:6x60 ft. -and old improvements:
downtown, north of Market st. ; worth
$30,000; can be improved so as to pay Yl
per cent: first-class business location;
surrounded by the finest hotels In the
city: 117:6 ft. frontage; value all In the.
land. ,
$7000— Six substantial flats of 4, 5. 6 rooms: lot
40x75 ft.; Silver St.; rents $S0 per month;
JGOOC— 3 flats east of Van Ness ave.; rents $36
per month; cheap.
$5750 — Fine business corner in Mission: sub-
stantial buildins 4 years old; store, fiat
and stable; rents $55 per month; good
business established here.
$3800—6 good flats and lot, 25x75 feet; Welsh
St.; rents US.
$3600—3 new flats of 3, 4, 5 rooms and bath
each; near Sixth and Howard sts.;
rents $.40.
S3350 — Store and flats: Perry St., near 3d; lot
25x80 ft. : rents $37 60.
For further particulars and list apply at the
office of KOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, 624 Mar-
ket st. .
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON.
323 "Montgomery ft.
J2.50O— SE. cor. Larkln and Filbert: 41x62; flne
site for home or flats; very chaap.
$5,500 — Lot SW. cor. Grove and Devisadero;
34x110: on main drive to Park.
$3,250— Lot W. line Devisadero, S of Grove;
26x110; adjoining above lot.
$2,750— Lot 8. line Grove. W. of Devisadero;
27x112: on main drive to Park.
$J.0OO — Lot SE. cor. Vermont and Solano; lOOx
110: near electric cars; a bargain.
$12,500— Double house; corner facing: Park; mod-
ern 9 and 10 rooms; all look south; flne
for Investment or home.
$1S,OOO — Business property: Fillmore. near Cali-
fornia; rents $1450 per annum; never va-
cant.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
New 6-room and bath cottage on Hoffman
ave.. near Elizabeth; Heyman Tract: call to-
morrow for Inspection; flne location; key at
James Cotter's. Hoffman ave. JACOB HEY-
MAN. Owner and Builder. 117 Sutter st.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and let, 50x125; Alvin Tract,
Elmhurst station: on $5 monthly payments.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
PARK lots. for sale on reasonable terms: near
ocean beach (Carville). JACOB HEYMAN,
117 Sutter ?t.
$12 DO PER month will buy a new 4-ronm
house on Rr.scoe st.. near Crescent ave. JA-
COB IIEYMA.V. 117 Sutter Bt. r: ..* -. J
S6C0— FOR sale— Lot and 2 cars, similar to cot-
tage; Ocean Beuch. JACOB ¦HEYMAN, 117
Sutter st. t , "
JEROME ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery st.
$11,000— Three new flats; rents $1P2.
}3,*00— House of S rooms: IidJy St., near Scott;
one-fourth cafh: lot 2uxl37:C.
$eOO — Lot 50x100: 14th ave., near the Park.
BARGAIN JN RKAL ESTATB. "
$700— Must bo sold; price reduced; owner leav-
ing city; 2."»:fixlU: 22d St.. nr. Dolores; street
tewered and graded: ready for building: near
car line: part cash If necessary. Apply owner,
S H. SMITH; 207 Montgomery st. ¦--.-.-..-,
$2250 J
Iluslnets corner on California Bt. ; 32:6x100.
G. H. UMBSEN "A CO.. 14 Montgomery st-
A CHOICE northeast sunny corner; California
.it. ami Fourth ave.. 32:6x117:6; price only
ilSCO; all street wcrk done.
I can arranse for easy payments: this fine
comer !s very cheap; cost {2000; cable cars
within a short distance. .
¦ W. J. UUNN, &30 California st.
NEW cottage. 4 rooms nnd one » of 2 rooms;
stable; • lot 60x150; fenced; must be "sold.
Twenty-flr>t and Douglass sta. ¦ -
FOR sal* — House of 4 rooms and finished babe-
ment: lar*<» lot. Inquire at grocery store,
Twenty-Eighth and Alabama sta.
C. C. LSKMl.s. Heal Kstate and General Land
Aeent. 324 Montgomery »t.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.: must be sold; 'SOxllt fee:.
11600 — Xorth line Carl St.. near Stanyan; 25 x
1S7:« feet. " , : .
1195 EACH: level building lots. 30x120; .1 block
from electric cars:. 25 minutes' ride to City
Hall, or will exchange. Address Box 123, CalL
HEAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For S*lc
ATTENTION. HOME-SEEKERS'.
We are subdividing one of the finest pieces of
orchard land In the famous Santa Clara Valley,
known as the San Martin ranch, 74 miles from
San Francisco on the main line; 2 trains daily;
railroad station on the place; town of San Mar-
tin part of the property with its $5000 school-
hcuse: surrounded by beautiful orchard homes;
will sell in tracts to suit upon payment of 25
per cent down, balance at 6 per cent net: will
refund fare to buyer; maps and photos at office.
We have made arrangements with the R. R.
Co. to sell excursion tickets on Sunday for $2 50
for round trip: cars leave Third and Townsenti
sts. at 9 a, m., back In city at 4:10 p. m.. giving
2 hours on ranch; free carriage; our Mr. Bush
will accompany Intending buyers each Sunday;
tickets good from Saturday to, Monday. $1
DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Post St.
PLACER COUNTY.
20 acres in peaches, plums md pears, bear-
ing; 100 Washington Navel oranges and lemons.
4 years old; situated about IV- miles from Loo-
mis, on countv road, surrounded by the homes
of the English colony people: modern cottage
of 7 rooms, bath, broad verandas, open fire-
places, modern plumbing and sewerage; large
barn, windmill and tank, poultry houses and
yards; H acre in alfalfa, H acre in berries;
house commands beautiful view; Includes all
the implements and tools; cost $3000; will sell
for $2500 owing to departure.
BEN LOMOND.
One acre, corner of Hillside ave. and Bridge
St.; 5 minutes from depot: handsomely laid
out with fruit trees, lawn, flowers and shrub-
bery; nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath; hard
finished: tile mantel, with mirror: barn, poul-
try houses and shed; nice cellar under house;
is opposite Judge Henshaw's of Oakland; beau-
tiful cottage; price $2500.
FAIR OAKS.
For rent, the Bowie place of 7*4 acres: house
of 15 rooms: all modern improvements: ser-
vants' cottase barn and outbuildings; grounds
handsomely laid out: 32 natural oak trees;
plenty water; will lease for 2 years at $1000 per
annum.
LOOK AT THIS BARGAIN.
A magnificent ranch and paying ferry: situ-
ated within the school district of the growing
city of Redding, Shasta County; consists of 812
acres of fruit, grain, alfalfa, pasture and wood
land: 30 acres in bearing orchards; 5 acres In
vineyard. 200 acres in grain, with large crop:
comfortable dwelling, large barn: also a fully
equipped ferry and ferry franchise which pays
Interest en the entire Investment; this ranch
would subdivide beautifully Into one of the most
promising money-making places In the State:
can be purchased on easy terms and at a great
bargain: maps and photos with full particulars
of DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Poet st.
A FEW L'SEQUALED BARGAINS.
NAPA COUNTY.
135 acres; all fine land: 12 acres thrifty vine
yard; 5 acres bearing orchard: 20 acres plow
land; balance best of wooded hill pasture; good
fencing: spring water piped' everywhere: Al b-
room residence, rock cellar; barn, poultry ar-
rangements, etc.; fine building for store and
saloon; uncqualed location fcr business: Its t
complete and lovely home ranch, recently heM
at $10,000: now In Al condition, but offered for
$3250; buildings cost more money: it's a snap.
HERE'S A DANDY.
100 acres: every inch first-class, highly culti-
vated level loam: Al fencing; complete set
buildings; abundance water; bearing family
orchard, etc.; only 4 miles from Napa, for $5000.
SUBDIVISION SALE.
5. 10, 15, 20, any part of 200 acres; best land
and location within 2^4 miles of Napa, for $40
to f70 per acre: for cash or on eaey terms; you
can't equal it.
AN EARTFTDT PARADISE.
2150 acres, of which 900 acres is the very finest
highly cultivated valley land in Napa Co.; bal-
ance is unsurpassed wooded hill pasturage; gooj
fencing into several fields; 2 living creeks;
great many rprings; fine buildings; 10. acres
bearing orchard, etc: it's simply perfection of a
ranch; only $40.(Wt: worth double the money.
GOOD. COMPLETE AND CHEAP.
20 acres highly cultivated valley loan; first-
class fencing; 5 acres being orchard; good resi-
dence, barn, sheds, poultry arrangements;
abundance water: complete with stock, ve-
hicles, tools, poultry, hay, etc., for $2100; only 3
miles from Napa.
N. D. SICKELS, the LAND AGENT, 6 Geary st.
$5,000—13 ACRES, Menlo Park: choice location:
spreading oaks; mountain water piped to
premises: will exchange for Western Addition
residence.
$i;C<> — Choice residence; best location in Ala-
meda; exchange for Western Addition resi-
dence or lot.
SIO.OCO— 700 acres. San Benito County; 23
acres choice bearing orchard; 100 acres, level;
abundance "of wood and water; will exchange
for city or Oakland resilience. W. G. GRIF-
FITH. 311-312 Hearst buildins.
317 ACRES for $S30: 10 miles east of Redding: j
on county road; 25CO cords of oak timber, o
acres !n choice fruit; house, barn: 20 acres J
fenced; all in zwvl shaoe: near school an<l i
rai-roHd; a "nap. CHARLES W. POPE, 11
Montgomery Et.
OFFICE open to-day. Sunday. S to 12 a. m.:
city and country property sold and exchanged.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., near Call bldg.
FOR sale— In Santa Rosa. 5 blocks from town
center, a corner grocery and property; good
cash trade: will bear the closest Investiga-
tion; terms reasonable: Interest elsewhere the
reason for selllnj. Apply 763 Wilson st.,
8anta Rora. Cal.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— $40 to $S0 per
acre: choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farm?, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg., S. F.
W3G0— GREAT bargain: modern 2-story house, S
moms and bath, stable: on fine, large lot. 36
xl20: cost $6000: room for 4 flats. Apply 157
Albion ave. between Sixteenth and Seven-
teenth, Valencia and Guerrero sts., or at 507
California st. ;
$16^0 — GOOD chicken ranch. 12 acres: 3-room j
house, barn. 4 chicken houses, family or-
chard, oak timber, 8 acres good eraln land: I
1 mile from Lafayette. E. E. GEHRING. 47S
Tenth st., Oakland.
$20.C0O WILL buy a ranch in San Mateo County
of about 3C0 acres; partially improved with
vines nnd fruits: only 4 miles from a princi-
pal station. Box 1C6, Call office.
40 ACRES— Palermo; olives, oranges, figs,
poars: full bearing; a bargain. W. B. JONES,
9 Front st.
STOCK and Train ranch for sale; Colusa Co.:
1240 acres; $10 rwr acre: 500 grain, reft hill
land. M. S. CHANDON; Marysville, Cal.
ROSS Valley house. 10 rms. & outhouses, larg"
jTrsunO?* with shade trees, nr. station: r.ale or
r<*nt; als>o ncreaep tracts", wooded. $200. $300 an
acre. JAMES Tl'NSTEAD, San Anselmo.
PROBATE sale— 12."« acres I^ike Co.: 50 acres
richest valley land, balance hill land, pasture
and timber: good set buildings: family rr-
¦chard: running water and springs; on covnty
road, halt A mite from postofflce; best rash
offer takes it: must be pold to close 1 n estate.
517rO— 260 acres Caiaveras Co. , gnod house
and barn: '00 acres tillable land; 5 miles from
railroad station
$1500—20 highly Improved near Stock-
ton; C-Tfxm residence; orchard: 4 ncrcs in
alfalfa; balance ve?etahle land.
C. F. MOORE. 93o Market st.. room 6.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
SCOO ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents In this city.
N. D. SICKELP. the land arent. 6 Geary st.
CHEAPKST and best in America — The "Weekly
fall, 16 pages, pent to any addreps In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
Tv^fflP" paid. •'•-'
RRAI, ESTATE TO EXCHASGE.
WANTED— To exchange a 15-acre almond or-
chard In Antioch for a small rooming house
in R-ood locntion or Pan Francisco property.
Apply 14C.j Guerrero st.
$15.000— THREE nice cottages and one-half In-
terest In corner brick building: all rented: lo-
cated good town, near Sacramento; exchange
for city improved or unimproved property.
Sunset. 323 Montgomery St.. rooms 3 and 4.
CALIFORNIA fruit, vine ranch; part exchange
for Eastern Income property' Box 133. Call.
ROOMS FOK HOCSi:Kfc;t£lM>U.
A FLAT of 4 beautiful large rooms, wide hall.
, rtationery tubs, with bath, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; hot and cold water;
gas and telephone; new house; flne view;
tif-althy location: in a small, private family:
no ch'ldren wanted: rent reasonable. 4231
Twentieth st.. near Castro.
AT 62 Fecond— Lleht housekeeping. $1 50 to $2 50
per wk., slnple and double. |1 to $2 50 per wek.
CAPP. 20. but. Fifteenth and Sixteenth— Three
targe sunny rooms for housekeeping.
FIFTH, ?."S— Flat; 3 ftirnlshed housekeeping
rocms, S12: also 1 for $7; single rooms, $4, $5.
FIRST. 305. just abovp Folsom—* rooms for 2
families; in good order: $15.
FOLPOM. Sol— S neatly furnished housekeeping ,
rooms io lei; rent 312.
FRONT room and kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; nlfco tingle room for gentleman. 650
Howard ?t.
FULTON. 435, near Octavia— 3 j housekeeping
room's to let. . '
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 409 — Parlor floor and
other rooms; furnished or unfurnished: pri-
vate family. :
HOWARD. K€3*4— Housekeeping rooms, single
and en suite, comfortably furnished; running
water; prices reasonable.
HYDE, 410— Nicely furnished sunny suite, com-
pleto for housekeeping; also front basement
suite: $15. ' '
JKSPin. 373. near Fifth and Market— House-
keeping rooms; $9.
JESSIE, 47S. near 'Sixth St.— Two sunny front
rooms; llKht housekeeping.
LARKIN. 10O4. . near Post — Newly ¦ furnished,
sunny rooms: light housekeeping; double
rooms $3 month.
LINDEN ove.,'324, nr. Gough— Sunny pleasant
furnished rooms; suitable for housekeeping. .
McALLISTER, 4CS— 3 unfurnished rooms; bath;
yard; rent J10. .
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing : and simile rooms; 75c : and 51 week.
ROOMS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
MINNA, 545—1 larsa gunny furnished room for
housekeeping: $7.
MISSION, 1121. near new Postofflc* — Nicely
furnished sunny front rooms; complete for
housekeeping^
MISSION". 1718— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms:
bath: private: convenient: $10.
OAK, 126— Two nicely furnished rooms for
houcekeeplng; use of laundry; $10.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— 2 large bay-window
rooms: housekeeping; gag stove; $14-
POLK. 717— Two or three sunny front rooms;
completely furnished for hoasekeeplng. it ->
SIXTH. 136— Front and back parlors: suitable
for office; also rooms for light housekeeping.
STEVENSON. S42. between 7th and 8th sts.— 2
furnished housekeeping; rooms; bath; central.
SUITE of 4 rooms furnished for housekeeping
822 Fifth st. ¦
SUNNY housekeeping rooms; furnished or
unfurnished. Apply HI Geary st.
SUTTER. 407—8 furnished or unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 478, near Sth— $12; 3 furnished rooms
and kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
TENTH. 136— Sunny housekeeping rooms; nice
sunny yard. ¦.;.,'
THIRD. 233-Sunny furnished front room for j
housekeeping: reasonable; also other rooms.
THIRTEENTH. 320. bet. Mission and Valencia
— 2 nice Bunny rooms for housekeeping.
THI1 . EENTH. TS- 2 sunny housekeeping
rms.; water; stove: rent $9; separate entrance.
TURK. 332— Front rooms; one housekeeping:
running watPr; sun; very reasonable.
UNION, 110$-Two furnished rooms; stove; fold-
ing bed: running water; yard; $10.
VAN NESS ave., 400 — 3 well-furnished rooms;
large sunny kitchen, yd., tubs; priv. entrance.
$s—3 OR 4 partly furnished rooms; housekeep-
ing;- cook stove; for grown people. 3S2 Dolores.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillrnore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencja *t. -
UOO-MM TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 1« Sixth— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
A LADY companion wanted to take part of
flat on Jonea st., near Geary; reasonable. Box
143, CalT
ASH AVE., 126— Large sunny furnished room;
rent $S.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post— Finest suny suites in city
for families and gentlemen: all conveniences;
special accommodations for tourists.
BURNETT, 1425 Market st- (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nish edr^nF 11 suites_sln_M__J___>u__________l :
BUSH. SSS— Sunny room for gentleman; private
family; moderate. ' '
ELEVENTH. 41, near Market St.— 3unny fur-
nished rooms for 1 or 2 gentlemen; use o£
parlor and phone; rent $8.
FOLSOM. 965. cor. Gth (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rocms, single or suites: reasonbl.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furniglW
rooms; suites or single; travelers acca'dated.
GEARY, 556 — Elegant sunny parlor sulte.-plano,
telephone; other rooms; light housekeeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite <>r
single: ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HARRISON, 1W»2. cor. Sixth— Nice sunny Iront
room; running water: rent reasonable.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S29— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 niRht; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. US9. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; reasonable; by day, week or month.
JONES, 616. near Post St.— Sunny front bay-
window; double parlors, together or separate.
LARKIN. 619Vi— Newly furnished side room;
Eun ar.d gas; $$ per month.
LLOYD. IS, bet. Scott and Devisadero— Sunny
furnished room in private family: rent H.
MARKET, 1?C2. cor. Van Ness — Sunny front
rms.. with run, water. $7. $3 up; also hakpg.
McALLISTER. S03'i— Sunny front corner room,
nicely furnished; everything new: gas. bath;
must be seen to be appreciated; rent reason-
able.
MINNA. 349V*— A sunny furnished front room;
suitable for 2.
MINNA, 657. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week: transient.
MISSION. ?21 — Large bedroom and kitchen;
Sunny front bay window; $S.
MISSION, 1119— Large rooms; suit dressmaker;
$10 mo: rm.. double bed. $6; housekeeping.
NATOMA. 41S— Nice sunny rooms, with or
without board.
NINTH, ICO— Sunny front room to let; 15 per
month: private family.
OAK. 119— Large sunny front rm.. closet, range,
furnished for housekeeping, $9; smaller rm..$6.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, 742— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suites. $13 to $25: gas. bath and phone.
POWELL. 121 — Light, clean rms.; suites or sin-
gle; transient: running water: rates reduced.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis st- — Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. IS to $20: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
S\CRAMENTO. 649 — Neat furnished rooms;
private family; $1 and upward.
SEVENTH, 281—8 nice furnished front rooms,
private family. U. $5. $7; suitable for ladle*.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eiphth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnlsned.
SUTTER. 1105— Large sunny rear room; closet,
running water, gas; $S month: small front
room. JS month; modern; convenient.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Klllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been estaM!?hed at 1C96 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS AXD BO\UD.
HARRIET, 57. between Sixth. Seventh, Howard
and Folsom — 2 separate furnished rooms with
board In private German family; good Ger-
man cooking.
HOTEL Sutherland, 791 Sutter St.: choice loca-
tion: sunny rooms with board; first-clasa with
every convenience.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers: exceptionally at-
tractive interior and table. ?07 California st.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin. mi; board optional.
PERRY. 160. bet. Hirrison Bryant, Third and
F.tur'.h— Newly furn. sunny rooms; gas; bath.
ROOMS A>D BOARD WASTED,
GENTLEMAN learning French wants board
with French family or boarding: house; state
terms. Z. L.. box 133, Call office.
CALL at Room Renting Agency, 612-613 Exam-
iner buildins. If you want to rent rooms.
ROOMS AVAXTED.
WANTED— 2 unfurnished rooms: 1327 Stevenson
Bt. ; call alter G p. m. Box 1C6, Call offlee.
WANTED — Two or three furnished rooms for
housekefptns: state prlcg. Box 144. Call.
TWO front furnished rooms: not to exceed $12;
north of Market. Box 179, Call office.
WAITED — A email unfurnished room: about ii
P<>r month; man; downtown. Box 124. Call.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
LADIES— Chlchester*s English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." In letter by return mall: at drug-
giFt«. Chichester Ch-mlcal Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collection* made;
city or country. PACIFIC ' COLLECTION
CO... 41* Montgomery J"t.. rooms s-W: tel. QM.
SEWI.NG MACHINES ASU SL IMPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plarobfck, 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
. repairing at lowest rates. 295 Fourth st. .
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
' vans Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. • C3I0 Fillmore st- : phone Jackson 2S1. .
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission si.;
tel. Main 1S40— Packing. moTlng and storage.
SUMMER RESORTS.
BOARD on farm; 1 hoar from city; free driv-
ing; plenty of fruit; fare SOc. Box 51, Red-
wood City. ,
TO f-mA»in-
LOFT. 25x120. plenty light. 579 Mission »t,; lort.
25xSO. pewer available. M7 Mlsglon »t.
TYPEWRITERS A>D SCPPUES.
GREAT^BA^GAINS IM TTPETV'RITERS-W*
¦ell better machines for les« money than any
house In the city: rentaJs. *3. The TypewrtteT
Exchange. M« California, telephone Main ita.
A TYPEWRITER, brand new. for £0. RB-
VALK. 409 California nU
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAUGDA REAL. ESTATE.
13550 WILL buy a new flmt-class bouso of t
rooms and bath; between the railroads; terma.
Owner and builder. J. H- TOCNG. 1243
Park »t- ..
FOR sale— Furnished 7-room cottage in Ala-
meda. cheaj. from owner. Box 153. CalL
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELEY REAX. ESTATE.
£rOOM 'cottase: all modem taprrxvements;
good well and city water; lot 48x135 feet: rood
location: 1 block from station; a snap for «om»
one: price 11250. Take Berkeley train. **t off
at Lorin and ask tor RUPOLPH. PERKJN3
& LYON. ;
3-ROOM cottase; hard finish. hl«h basement,
patent closets; city water; lot 45x100 feet; t
blocks from churches, schools, stores an.l
railway itatlon; price 1700; 1100 cash and $ls>
per month. Why pay rent when you can buy
for rent price and be your own landlord .
Take Berkeley train. Bet off at Lorln ami
ask for RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYO>T.
SMALL cottage of 3 rooms and kitchen; S
blocks from station; lot 50x100 feet, coiy
placr; price $750. Take Berkeley train, get oS
at Lorin. ask for RUDOLPH. PERKIXS fe
LTON.
NEW house of 6 rooms, bath, pantry, hot and
cold water; lot «0xl20 feet: 3 bloclcs from sta-
tion; rwlce $2400. Take Berkeley train, get off
at Lorln ask for RUDOLPH. PERKINS 4b
LYON.
»So0— 450 CASH, balance 110 per month: 4 hard-
finished rooms, all papered: sewerei etc:
cor. lot. 40x100; 3 blocks to station and elec-
trtc cars. W. C. MORAS.
J40O— 2-ROOM cottage; lot 50x133; worth |8C0;
all sewered; good well; fenced, etc.
W. C. MORAX.
inoo— COST J330O; lane lot In heart of town; T-
roora cottage; all In a No. 1 condition.
W. C. MOKAX.
j;000— SEE thesa new 5 and « room cottages:
porcelain bath, tiled sink, fine mantel, »ta-
tlonary tubs; 1 and 2 bloclcs to train and elec-
tric cars; 1 at Golden Gate, 1 at Adeline. 1 at
Lorln. 1 at Ashby. 1 at Dwleht way. X at
Grove St.; $100 c&sh. balance CO per month.
including interest. W. C. MORAS.
Lorin Station, Berkeley.
$1250— MODERN cottage, S rooms, basement.
bath, brick foundation; lot 40x100; close to
station and electric cars; easy terms.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
$1700— NEW modern 2-story colonial house. •
rooms and bath: high basement, brick foun-
dation: hot and cold water: One location: near
2 stations and 3 lines of cars; small cash pay-
ment and easy installments.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorln Station.
$2000 — ONLY $200 cash; strictly up-to-date mod-
ern cottage; 6 rooms, bath, etc.; open work;
porcelain plumbing, tinted walls, gas fixture*;
everything complete.
H. D. IRWIN. R. R. Waiting Room.
Lorln Station.
FINEST BUYS IN" BERKELEY.
$2000— 6-room cottage: let 40x130 feet; 5 mln-
ctes' walk of university; elegant view of.bay.
etc.; lot Improved with choice fruit tren; s>
snap; terms to suit.
J35C0— Elegantly situated lot. 73x135: 1 blocz
of university; the only one to be had in this
vicinity.
joOOO— New modern 9-room house: corner lot;
adjacent to U. C; the last one left of tlx;
must be seen to be appreciated.
WITRTS.
1323 Broadway.
Oakland.
$30— HANDSOME cor. cottage furnished: barn,
etc.: Berkeley. C. HENDERSON. 304 Mont-
gomery st.
C. C. BEMI3. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. S24 Montgomery it.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87x150. wltn modern
house of > rooms. •
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE BY H. A. PLEITNER.
$160— Very cheap lot. 50x141: located oa m
macadamlied street; cost owner $330; this la •>
foreclosure bargain.
$700— Cozy cottage of 3 rooms: chicken-house:
good well and pump; large lot. 75x100; partly
fenced.
$$50— Bay-window cottage of 3 large rooms
and bath: hall; front and back porch, basement,
etc.; only 3 blocks from local train; easy terma
if desired. ','.. ¦'._¦ '
$1000— Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; station-
ary tubs: chicken houses and fruit trees; lot 33
xlO4: connected with main sewer; only ona
block from Fmitvale ave.
$1100— Reduced from $1500: will buy a nice cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath, basement, etc, ; lot 50
xl47; only one block from electric cars; $10«>
cash, balance same a* rent.
$12W— Cottage of 4 rooms and hall: artesian
weU. windmill and tank; lot 50x130; all fenced:
3 blocks from local train.
$1750 — Modern 2-story house of t rooms and
bath: fine mantel, etc.; corner lot; near station;
must sell at once.
Choice lot on Fruitvale ave.: in bearing- or-
chard: slz* ISOxIlO; small payment down, bal-
ance Installments; must be sold Immediately. 1
Only 3 blocks from Fruitvale station we ar»
building a handsome modern cottage of four
rooms and bath; enameled bath tub, marble
washstand. wash trays. 7- ft. basement: good
brick foundation; lot 50x150; all fenced: prica
$1600: $230 cash, balance monthly Installments.
Chicken ranch of stx acres in bearing or-
chard; house of 6 rooms and bath; barn, 2 wells,
windmills and tank: for rent at $23 per month:
stock and implements for sale, consisting of 500
chickens. 60 ducks. 120 pigeons. 14 hiv#s of bee*.
one large brooder house. 14 chicken houses,
horse, harness, wagon and buggy , « Incubator a.
For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
FOR PALE BY J. W. ELROP^ '
$325— A 2-room house; large barn, well ana
city water; near electric car; lot 5<ixlOO; flna
place for raising chickens; a bargain; don't
fail tr> see it.
JT.3 — 3-room house: Just completed: near
school; lot SCxlSl; some fruit trees.
$1C5*>— A 4-room hard finished bay-wtnelow
cottag* In the best part of Fruitvale: half
block from Fruitvale ave.: $a> down. $14 per
month will bny this place: lot 35x140.
11250— A new 5-room hou3e: Just completed:
modern throughout;, latest style; near Upper
Fruitvale School; lot 50x112; easy terms; It
desired payments same as rent.
$2550— House. 8 rooms; hot and cold water;
large barn; good chicken-houses; plenty of all
kinds of bearing fruit; lot 75x150; this i» a
very desirable tome for tome one who waata a
large place.
$1450— A modern 5-room house; good barn,
fine chicken-houses an.l yards; fine lawn:
cement walks; some bearing fruit and shad*
trees front of sidewalk; corner lot, 75x133; 3
blocks from electric car.
Don't fall to see our choice building lots near
Fruitvale Station; streets graded and sewered,
city water; price reduced one-half.
Don't fall to send for full printed List ot
Houses. Lots and Small Fruit Farms.
J. w. ELROD.
Fruitvale Station. Cal.
FOREST PARK TRACT.
51 LOTS SOLD IN 67 DATS.
51 LOTS SOLD IN «7 DATS.
20 Hou«« Built or In Course of Construction.
20 Houses Built or in Course of Con»truction-
Only 1J Choice FOREST PARK Lots Left.
162 Feet Above Sea Level. Fine Cllrnats,
Splendid View. Trees. Shrubbery, etc.
$1CO cash, balance easy terms — Orchard: nic*
shade trees: new and modern; elegant location.
$150 — Elegantly located lot; fine soil.
J3C0— $50 down, balance about 14 per month:
three room*; new; good lot; fine view; healthjr
location.
S7?.O — Lot 75x173: 3 rooms; new.
$300 — Another one; 4 rooms: city water.
J3(*-J1CO down, balance like rent: large lot:
•ewer: city water: close to cars and station:
3 rooms: hieh basement: new.
$1000— $100 down, balance sams as rent; 4
rooms; complete; new.
Lots of Others at Various Prices.
Easy Terms on Everything We Have to SelL
MONEY TO LOAN.
Flat or on Installments.
THE HOME nrtLDINO COMPACT,
Fruitvale office, half a block above FrultvaJ*
Station^
LOTS *ir—THE DEERING TRACT-LOTS IIS.
FRUTTVALE AND SAN LEANDRO
ROAD TRACT.
10O LOTS SOLD. 100 LOTS SOLD.
|:00 cash, balance like rent, will buy a fcw
home In either of these tracts: don't delay in
buying one or more of th*se lots: no such bar-
gains ever offered before In Fruitvale; half the
price of adjoining property: buy at once; terma
to suit yoa; title perfect. See
H. W. DAVI3. Real Estate.
Fruitvale ave.. 1 block from station.
No ©tl»w ar*nt».
FRUITVALE— Large lots. 5Cxll5. $100 and np:
fine soil: near cars and school; best Uma to
select them now; district rapidly growing;
terms to suit. C. SEITZk 1107 23d ave.. Oak-
land. / -
$1900— MODERN 6-room cottage: lot 73x10);
fruit: earden: 2 blocks from electric cars;
situate In Upper Fruitvale. E. E. GEHR-
; iyc. 478 Tenth St.. Oakland. . , r
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page 33.First English Lutheran, Geary street, near
Gough — Rev. E. Nelander.
First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street — Rev. H. H.
Bell.
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and Powell
streets — Rev. John Hemphill.
Simpson Memorial— Hayes and Buchanan
streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Stewart Memorial, Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Potrero Methodist Episcopal. Tennessee
street, near Solano— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Richmond Methodist Episcopal, Fourth ave
nue, between Point Lobos avenue and
Clement street— Rev. A. E. Ulrlch.
Flret Methodist Episcopal. - Powell street,
near Washington— Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first and
Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street,
between Sixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D.
Hutsinplller.
Trinity Methodist Episcopal Market. Six
teenth and Noe streets— Rev. Theo. H.
Woodward.
Howard Street Methodist Episcopal. 643
Howard street— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
African Methodist Episcopal Zlon, 80S
Stockton street— Rev. T. Brown.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets-
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett.
St. Luke's. Van Nesa avenue and Clay
street— Rev. J. T. Mackay.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader. ¦
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street— Rev. Philip
Coombe.
St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayea
street— Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street-Rev. Father Prendergast,
V. G.
St. Francis Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue — Franciscan Fathers.
First Free Baptist. Bush street, near Larkln
—Rev. L. W. Simmons.
First Baptist. Eddy street, near Leaven
worth—Rev. B. A. Wooda.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett "treet. near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
Young: Men's Christian Association. Mason
and Ellis streets-H. J. McCoy, secretary.
First Churcir of Christ, Scientist, Butter
street, between Kearny street and Grant
avenue — The Bible and Science and Health.
With Key to the Scriptures.
Moraine— "Love."
SERVICE T^HIS DAY Iff
AT THE CHURCHES
Morning— "Modern Scapegoats." Evening—
"Sins of Saints."
Morning— "The Repose of Christ." Evening
"Popular Pleasures and Their Problems—
With Special Reference to the Theater and
the Novel."
Afternoon— Address by H. J. McCoy on "The
Influence of Young Men."
Morning— "Jesus Came Unto the Ruler's
Home." Evening— "The Lamb Slain."
Morning— "The Value of Life." Evening—
"Does God Think of Us?"
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning — Holy communion for Gentlemen's
Sodality at 7:30 o'clock mass. Sermon at
. 10:30 o'clock mass. Evening — Vespers.
Father Hevenln of Oakland will deliver his
maiden sermon.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Father Hanntgan
at 11 o'clock mass. Evening— Sermon by
Rev. Father Ramm.
Morning — Sermon by Rev. Father Mahoney,
S. J., at 10:30 o'clock mass. Evening —
Sermon by Rev. Father Woods, S. J.
Morning — Sermon by Rev. Frederic C.
Jones. Evening — Same.
Morning— "The Failure of Monopoly in Re
ligion." Evening— "The Staying Power of
a Great Life."
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening —
Same. .
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening
Same.
Morning— "Peter's Confession." Evening—
"God's Question to the Prophet Jeremiah."
Morning— "The Christian's Obligation to the
Non-Christian World." (Lessons from
China.) Evening— "The Rock Upon Which
the Church Was Founded— Was it Peter or
Christ?" \
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning— "Some Good Reading and Think
ing." Evening— "Ought the Christian Re
ligion to Go and Be Everywhere?"
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Evening
— Same.
Morning— Preaching- by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning 1 — "The Guileless Disciple." Even
ing—"Cleaving to the Lord."
Morning— "Freedom In Truth." Evening—
"The Fool's Rejection of Wisdom."
Morning— "The Called of Christ.',' Evening
"The Destructive Power of Evil Thought."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—"Thorns and Thistles." \
Mornlnsr— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
"The Backward and Forward Movements
of History— the Outcome of the Chinese
Uprising."
Morning— Preaching" by the pastor. Evening
— Same.
Morning— "Things Present and Things
Eternal." Evening— "Hidden Springs of
Comfort."
THE^AN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
LATE SHIPPING INTEIXiGrENCE.
ARRIVED,
Saturday. July 2L
Haw bark R P Rlthet. McPhall. 26 days from
Honolulu. - ¦
, 6chr Monterey, Beck. 62 hours from Crescent
CIty ' BAILED.
8aturday. July 2L
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Scotia,*, walvlg-. - — .:--3Hbm
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived July 21— Bark Big- Bonan
za, from Honolulu.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 11— Stmr Alca
trax, hence July 20.
Sailed July 21— Stmr Tlllamook, for Ban Fran
cl«co.
" OCEAN STEAMER.
NEW TORE- Arrived July 21— EUnx La
Champagne, - 1 rom Harr«. - • ---- ......
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M L Mayfield. Cambria
C H Becky, Or
A Pennlneton. "Uklah
II Casey, Sacramento
B G Atkinson. Dawson
J Kullman. Benlcla
M A Tucker, S S Ohio
J M Davis, Merced
G H Andrews, Detroit
II Brodt. Los Angeles
A E Tlnkham. Chico
J Beck. Seatt
J O Busby, St Joe
W J Kelly, -S Rosa
J H Williams, Porterv
W J Carr. Denver
Mrs E H Wagner &
party, Alvarado
H Keichel. Conn
May Baldwin, S Cruz
Grace Baldwin. S Cruz
Mrs E J Buchanan. Cal
Mrs A T Seifert, Or
A Davidson. N Y
G Goldsmith. L Ang
J Luther. San Jose
D Luther. San Jose
M H Thompson & w,
Cloverdale
W A Weight, Sacto
F H Seawell. S Crux
G W Relnhart & w.
Seattle
H Lee. Chicago
J Bettlnger & w, Daw-
W B Thomas, Stockton
C A Martin. Syracuse
G C Dlllard. N Y
J Grimell, Pasadena
son
G A Calvert. Dawson
S Martin, San Jose
R H Leaman, San Jose
M Meade. St Paul
M J Meade. St Paul
J B Blick & w. Seattle
F Conrad. Dawson
W S Hlckman, George
town
J X Kilman. Mass
J Mllllken. N Y
Miss Davis. St Helena
Miss M E Davis, Cal
II L Rogers, Boston
Dr J G Pierce. Cal
C W Wood _ w, Cal
J Rinsot. Marysvllle
A A Hughes, Amedee
W D Coates. Fresno
P T Mesaardan, Minn
J E Coffin. Seattle
W B Chase, Hanford
O L Parker, Bakersfld
B J PhllllDs. Cal
Hugh Carey, Bacto
F M Bag-as. San Jose
Miss J J Thompson. Cal
A S Gilbert, S Rafael
W S TlnnlnK. Cal
Mrs M F Buchanan,
Trenton
Mlsa C M Boyd. Tren
ton
W E Starr, Dertolt
N 8 Montgomery, Cal
D Kllpatrick Arli
G B Cash, Los Ang
PALACE HOTEL.
E MMr. N-T
K D Treadwell, N T
I Schleslnger, Chicago
C Newbener, L Anc
A Davidson,. S City
I W Adams. Carson
B P Barker, Llvmoore
F T Gause & w, Japan
Ed Schmekpeper. Mpx'
T Eichenfeltd. Mexico
J G Scott. E Liverpool
J A Church. N Y
II A Gray. Evansvllle
.D J Collins. Philadel
W R Rockwill. Chlcagol
I H McCune. Cal I
Mrs Whitney, Auburn
O Embden _ w. N Y
Miss Lathrop, Colfax
Mrs W.A Clark. Linen
W II Jordan Jr. U S A
C F Schram, St Louis
J R Forrest, N Y
Walter Dwycr, N T
Mrs E T Dwyer, N T
J W Dwyer, N Y
E S Curtis, Seattle
D M Le-wla. X Y
t* Berliner, w & c, Tex
H Kafferer, Paris
H E Clark, Sacto '
R H Forbes, Sacto
\Vm McDermott. N Y
K P Rogers & w. Chic
J D Redding, N T
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E J Campbell, Guinda
A Collier, Dlxon
W Sims, Seattle
T Fay, Vallejo
O B Starwix, Petalma
T .Ru**ell. ¦ Montana
G L Schaeffer, Toronto
S W Looney, Spoknna
E E Eagle, -Juneau
M F Shook, Juneau
S Heeney, Modesto
J C Morris, Suisun
C Friedman, Arizona
J L Roberts. Los Anr
R Dlckson, Monterey
H Le CUlr, Ukiah
F C Morton, Uklah
PROSPERITY'S WAVE
STRIKES CALIFORNIA
but Its delivery will be somewhat delayed
owing to the fact that the storage ca
pacity at Port Costa is too limited to
handle it. The crop will necessarily have
to depend upon interior warehouses for
storage. This is a blessing to the railroad
company, as it will partially relieve the
pressure and enable us to handle other
products that must be transported
promptly.
"Recently the Southern Pacific Com
pany purchased the Carson and Colorado
Railroad and will extend It and open up
a new field, which will largely benefit the
mining, agricultural and livestock indus
tries of that region. The through busi
ness of the company to and from the
State gains steadily in volume. Among the
new features of traffic is the movement
of coke from the coal fields of Alabama
to California points, all of which was for
merly supplied by English collieries. In
conclusion, traffic has grown so splendilv
that it is now a question of equipment and
not of business."
"Notwithstanding the quiet season the
passenger business is good," said E. O.
McCormick. passenp-er traffic manager of
the Southern Pacific. "Furthermore, It Is
improving} steadily and most satisfactor
ily. The gain is as much local as general,
as. shown by the regular returns from sta
tions along the line in local terrltory-
These conditions are not confined to Cali
fornia—they exist all over the country,
Eastern roads being rushed with travel.
You can say as a clincher that we are
confidently looking for and carefully pre
paring for the greatest tourist travel this
winter that has ever been known in the
history of the State, and that is good
enough news for. anybody."
The rest of the story tells Itself.
Splendid Growth of Enterprises
and Traffic— Trade Out
look Excellent. ?
T7 F there Is a man looking for work and
who doubts the existence of prosperity
j| on the Pacific Coast let him go to the
ticket offices and freight yards of the
railroad companies and watch the ebb and
flow of a mighty traffic, the equal of
which has never before been seen on the
slope. The business of California Is going
along on a flood tide, the pace of which
is calculated to satisfy the requirements
of the most exacting. A verification of
the foregoing statements Is found In the
everyday traffic of the Southern Pacific
Company. This great artery of trade in
so far as the transportation of goods is
concerned is gorged with business, and
the officials of the corporation see no re
lief therefrom. Their solo efforts are di
rected to handling It.
"The greatest Inconvenience we suffer
now," Bald General Freight Agent A. D.
Shepard of the Southern Ppciflc Company
yesterday, "is an inability-; to purchase
greatly needed equipment or to secure ma
terial with which to build it. Eastern
builders are so overwhelmed with orders
from roads on the other side of the divide
that they cannot attend to our wants, and
the concerns that handle supplies for such
work are in the same position. I presume
the general public does ndt realize the
scope of the growth of enterprises In this
State, to say nothing of the other portions
of the coast. The best way to Illustrate
this is to enumerate a few facts that tell
their own story.
"For Instance, one of the best indica
tions of present and coming prosperity is
the fact that we have had more demands
for the construction of side switches to
accommodate private enterprises -than In
any one year :n the history of the com
pany. This means the establishment of
manufactories that require private rail
facilities to handle their products. Down
in Madera there Is being established a
large smelter to handle- ores from the
mountains, also a sawmill of large capac
ity and modern equipment. The Sierra
Railway Company Is building an extension
for the purpose of opening up the traffic
of the West Side Flume and Lumber Com
rany.
"The Copper King Company, which has
large mines near Sanger. is building a big
Bmelter near Martinez, and I suppose the
general public knows .nothing about the
fact. We are building sidetracks now to
accommodate the plant, and the works
will soon be In operation. Another smelter
is now being built by New York parties at
Reno. Nev. 'By reason of the better times
the Mountain Copper Company of Keswlck
is rehabilitating its plant and preparing
for heavy business. Many mills on the
mother lode are increasing their plants
and shipping sulphurets to tide water to
be reduced at an increased profit.
"At Floriston has just been completed
the most modern and best equipped paper
mill in the United States, and I don't sup
pose the people know anything about it.
It cost J7M.000. Two miles below this great
enterprise is the plant of the Truckee
Electric Company, which is being con
structed to convey power to Virginia City
to be used to rehabilitate the abandoned
mines by working low grade ores and the
dumps from the high grade mines. These
dumps contain 6.000.000 tons of ore that can
be worked at a good profit. Mines now
producing high grade ores are shipping
their product to tide water, to be reduced
at a profitable figure. • . . .
"Arizona Is enjoying her share of the
general prosperity. The big copper prop
erties are booming. The larger compa
nies are putting in modern machinery in,
vast quantities and rebuilding their rail
ways that connect with the main rail
way lines. Here is where the oil Industry
naturally comes in. It does not sound rea
sonable, but it is a fact.- that, notwith
standing the - great : rapidity^ with which
the industry has expanded the product is
not equal to the demand. , Its importance
has not been appreciated thus far. We
have now under construction a large num
ber of oil cars to carry fifty tons each in
order to accommodate the traffic.
"Aside " from these matters there is
coming a citrus crop that Is estimated at
6700 carloads, to say nothing of the mighty
output of green fruits now going to East
ern markets. In the San Joaquin Valley
new wineries are being constructed to
handle the second crop of grrapea, that has
been heretofore~"worthless. The prune and
raisin raisers have organized for the bet
terment of their condition, all of which Is
the forerunner of fair prices to the
farmer. This means widespread activity
in the demand for agricultural machinery,
lumber and all things that form a part or
the farmers*, needs. . < , :
, "The State has a f alrlyjjood grain crop,
First Congregational, Post and Mason
streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
38
TWO==IiS=:TRAINS
Knickerbocker
C npr ;o1 Noonday
Opwtlal Train From
t NEW YORK.
ct i nine ?« ) BOSTON.
ST. LOUIS tO < BUFFALO.
( CINCINNATI.
Via Big Four Route and
i New York Central Railway.
»O T£/JY»_:_ AT ST. LOUfS.
WO FERRY AT HEW TOKK.
STOP AT NIAGARA FALLS.
: White~city
jpeCldl From
. CINCINNATI,
( WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO tO \ BALTIMORE.
(P HILADELPrilA,
V NEW YORK-
Via Big Four Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Aftent.
lOrjTHKBS I*A CIVIC COMPANY*.
(FACiriC STSTBM .) '
Train* leave j»a«l mre> «lue to _rrl«» si
MAM ritANVIMCO.
(_»!n Line. Foot of Uarlcet Street)
Uati — From Jxtlt 18. I3C0. — ___!-»
•7:00 a Benlcla. Suisun. -hair*. T_»T_t«w
Komsej and 3ser»ment<j *Tt43r
*7xOO_ Shasta Express— Davis. Wl__m» (foi
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Bed
Bluff. Portland. «7i«Sr
•7:30*. Martinez. 8_il_._on.ValJejo.N»p*.
C»l:»tog» and 3»nta Rosa ••llSp
•8iOO» DiTis. Woodland. Kalshts Landtag.
MarriTlUe. Orofille «7»«3»
•¦iOO* Atlantic _ x press— Ogden and East 'llHli
•SiUua 9*ii Jose, Lltermore, 8tocktou.
lone. Sacramento. PlaeerrUls.
M»rjs»ll!-. Chlco. Kml JtluCE HtlSf
•SiSOa Oakdale. Chinese (tor Yosemite).
Bonora. Cuter*. «4i15f
•O:OOa Hajw»ri!a. Niles and Wai Stations. *1 1M3»
•«:Ol» * Ixm Angeles Expres* — Martinez.
Tr»cy. Lutnrop. awekton. McrcoJ
and Fresno "«i43r
•9>S0a VaUrJn. Martinez and War 8ta*lons »ai4."»p
•ItftOOA The OerUnd Limited— Ogden. Den-
»er. Omaha. Chicago »8liar
•IIiOOa Nile*. LJ»«r_ ore. .Stockton, rt»or*.
men to. Mendota, Uanford. V__la,
Porteoille «4iia*
•I -4:00m mywar.li. Niles and Way Stations, ¦ai-t.ip
tliOOp Sacrameuto Ui»er Steamers fSiOOA
•3:O»r Hajwarda. Miles and Way Stations. •3:<*3p
•4:in»r Martiuex. Han lUiuon. Vallejo.
N»;<ii. Cal'iitoKa. S«nU Kos* •l»:ll»
•liOOr Benieia, Winters, Naerameato,
lVoo>llat»l, Ki lights Lauding.
Mtrjsville. Orowllle •l«:43*
•liJttr Nilea. .San Junud Stockton *7il3r
••TkOOpThrt Owl Limited— Tracr. Fresno.
Bakers iielfl. Sangus fur Saut* Bar-
bara, Los Augeles *•: 1.1 ,
•SiOOr Frenuo Pauunger— Martinez. Lath- \
rop. Stockton, Merce<l, Berend— T
(lUymofid for Yosemite), Vreauo. . M2:l **¦
*StS*rNew Orl-arig £xpress-ltakersiield.
S»nU Barbara, Los Angeles. Dem*
Ing, El Pa*o. New Orleaus and
Kut ••¦¦•*.
•Oioor najrwaids, Kllea and 3*a Jose "Ti I * »
1 tOiOOr Vallejo.... •I9:l»r
•U-.OOr Oriental Mail-Ogden. Cheyenne.
1 Omaha. Chicngo *ll:-t3j
•rt:OOr Oriental .Mail— Ogden. Denter.
1 Omaha. Chicago. Mtl^r
JTiOOr Vallrjo. Purt Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9i,VV'
•Iii5r Oregon and Ca! Ifornla Kxprais.Hao*
rntnento. Marjatllle, It-l.ling.
l"»rtl»i..l. t'ugmt M...i.,.l ami KmI •Wil.Vt
COAST DIVISION (.\«rroi» K«uir«).
___^ (Foot of Market Street. >
{7i43a Man—. Cruz Excursion tor H»nt»
Cr— c and Principal Way Stations tS<*3p
•8.-I 3a Nevark.lViiterTille.rtan.Iose. rVlf.mi,
BoaM«r Creek.Saut* Cruz and Way
.Sts.ti.un *O:3or
t»:l 3r Newark. CenterrlUe. Baa Jose, New
AiumJfD, Pel too. Roultler Creek.
S*ur* Ciui and Principal Way
Station* •lvi.1».
MtlSp Newark. Han Jose. Los Gatos f<ii.io ,
a4tl3r Glenw ood, Feiton. Sants> Cras «»t-V» >
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr*_Sll raiJCISCO— r<«t «r lUrkit 3tmU3ii»S)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:00*._. Jl:03 TM3 I3:C:
•1:83 |S:C3 •I:33r._.
fr._0»IH33— r«l ••3rs»I»»». — -8:00 S:0O 10:00*. H.
t!2:C3 "1:33 ta:SJ »3:33 U S3 •3:03r.».
COAST DITISIOX (RroaiHiaage).
(Third and Towpgen.i Sts.)
IOiIOa Ocean View. South Wan Francisco.. t«ilu.'
f7:OUA Sail Jose ami Way S— .tiima (New
Alniadfii Wednesday only) •llSOp
{7:S0a Sunday Excursion for 8*n Jcsa,
Santa, Cruz. Paeiflo Gro»a aod
Priccipal Way Stations t*=S3»
•»i»Oj Han .1<-so. Trea I'inoa. Mnut* Crua.
Paeinc Urove. l'uo Uubles. San
Luis Ohispo. Hnrf. Loispoo and
Principal Way Stations *4ll0y
•IOi«o. San Jose and Way Stations Miiil ,
•IIiSOa HanJnae._osGatosa»dWa.y4Utlone *3i8tf.
ta<43r San Matro. Kedwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San Jose, I
Tret Piaos, Santa Cruz, Sa'.Idi*. }
Monterey ami PaelBe Grove...... flOi»r. t
t*i3»r 8 an Joseaud Way Stations *7>3.i •
H:1Sr SanJoae aod Principal WayStatlons *9:43a
f3:OOr San Jose, Los Gates and Principal
Way Stations f0:OO.
*3:30r SanJoie and Principal Way Stations t<:M.»
MiSOf San Jose and WayStatlons {SiAO t
»llt43p a an Joaa and Way S— .tlopa *7«3»»
A for Morning. P tor Afternoon. *
1 D_ly. f Sunday eieapteA I Sunday oalr.
b Satorday only,
at Saturday and Sunday, e Sunday aad Uon<tay k
CALIFORNIA N0RTDVESTER5 IT. CO.
T ,TT!*Si<-g l-l I MI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFU3
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ylbaron Ferry. Foot of Sl_r_et SX
8AM 7RANCI8CO TO BAN It_____-
VbeK DATS— 7:30. I:CO. 11:00 a. m.t U:B,
I.S0. 5:10, (:<0 P. m. Thursdays— Extra tri3
at 11:10 o. m. £atur_ay»—Extra trtr» tX IU
and 11:30 b. m.
_UNDAY3— S:CC. »:*0» U:» _ u_; l:SX t_S,
6:0O. 6:10 d. m.
BAN RAFAEX. TO 8AJf TRXNCISCa
fWEKK DAYS-«:ia. T:J«l »:», U:10 a. m.; U:C,
1:40. 5:15 p. xn. Saturdajs— Ex_Tt trip* M
1:55 an d I:SS s. m.
BUXDAT3— S_0. t:13. 11.I9 _ m.t 1:«. »:«.
1:05, 1:23 r- ni-
Batween Eaa Fr-Qolfoo »od Sc_ast*«a P»!*l
«amo schedule- a* abov.
_«_-• I tn Effect, t Artt» '
B_n Fr— nclscow |Apr. Ifl. 1XWL| 8— a FT»nctar» ik_
1 Week J Sun- I " I f ua ' I S"*- 1
D_y«» ( dan. I DwrtlnatlO-,1 days. | Emy_
7:30 im S:00 »m XovatOt 10:«0 _os S:*O aza
| : «0pm 9:30 am Petalums. S:08 pm 10:23 ara
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Eaata Rosa. 7:K> pm 6:20 pra
Fulton.
T^0 aa Windsor. 10_3 ia
He_ldaburr-
r.y tton. ¦ •
Ceyservllle. \
l:JOpra 1:00 ara Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:13 •&%
7:1) ami I Hopland I ' tl.9:_5 _«
»':Z0 pn»| »:0O — ml a_d T7kla_. I T:1S pm| «:2O ia
T40_ _ 10:— i_a
I;M *xa GaeraaTille. 7:33 pm
1:10 rm 1:20 p^a
f :30 _ — S:00 am Sonoma 9;15 am S:19 art
•ind
8:13 pro 8:00 pm Olen Ellen. t:CS pm «:» pa
7:30 ami 8:C0 ami 110:40 ara[10:2S an
t:30pm| 6:00 j>xa\ Bebastopol. I 7.35 ym\ S:20 ;a
Stages connect at Banta Rosa for Mark TV^t
Bprlnss and Wnlte Sulphur 3prtr.es: at Fu!t n
for Altruria: at Lyt.ton for Lytton Sprla*rs: it
OeyservtU* (or Skaszs Pprlncs: at Clover '•>
for th« Oeysers: at Hopland for Dnii-t>
Bprtnjrs. Hichland Bprtnirs. Kelsey-rllle, Ca-!'-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bart>iJ
Bpringrs; at Uk?_h for Vlch7 Sprinya, Barat ,»
Sprlnya. Blue L "res. Laurel Dell Lake. WHtcf
Pr"lnz». TjDper Lake. Porno. Potter Vail"'''.
Jonn Day's, Rlvrnride. r.lerlsys, Ruelcne;'*-
'< Banhef tn Helthts. Hullviiie. Orr*a Hr>t
! ejrinss. Mendocino City. Fort Brarff. W«*
I port. Ufal. WUllis. Laytonvtlle. Cunirr. : •¦*•
Bell's Spriass. Harris. OUtn'j. Dyer. Bc-.t:A
and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday round trio tick*:* at
reduced rates.
I On Bunday round trip ticket* to all pott?*
I bevond Ean Rafa-1 at rialf rates.
i Ticket offep*. «C0 Market »t.. ChronJrl^ V-iS'
H C WHITING. r. x. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Ajen-
MOUNT TAMALPAB SCENIC RAIL^i^
Leave San Francisco via Sau_ilito Fe«r:
WBEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m. 1:_ and u:lj^ 9 ~
BUN DAYS 3, 9. 10. U a. m.. l:S0, 2:39V *
Fare Ean Francisco to Summit and return. '';_.
NEW TAVERX OF TAMALPAIS XOff O _;-\
WeeMyl:air,$l700~per Year
MARRIED.
APPLE— WALTER— In Oakland. January U.
1900. Jacob Apple and Belle Walter.
HOLMES— SHAW— In this city. June 9. 1900,
by G. W. F. Cook. Justice of the Peace, Car-
roil Holmes and Ethylle G. Shaw, both of
Oakland.
JENKINS— WHITE— In this city. July JO, 1900,
by the Rev. E>r. John A. B. Wilson. Orllne C.
Jenkins and Inls M. White, both of Port-
land, Or.
McF ALL-HICKS— In this city, July 18. 1S00. at
the Simpson- Memorial Church, by the Rev.
John Stephens. Alfred K. McFall and Ethel
M. Hicks, both of San Francisco.
OCEAITIC 8. S. CO.-HONOLITLU. APIA
AUCKLAND AND SIDNEY.
S S. AUSTRALIAf Honolulu only)
Wednesday. July 25, 1 p. m.
S S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia. Wed., Aug. 8. 8 p. m.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. H4 Montgonwn
Pisr 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Office. 327 Market St
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
Oakiand. Alameda and Berkeley Real Estate,
SC3 UROADWAY. OAKLAND.
AGENTS FOR
THE A PA MS TRACT.
FINEST R_S1D_N<~E SECTION IN OAK-
LAND.
NO FOGS. NO WIND.
ELEGANT VIEW.
LOTS ALL PRICES. EASY TERMS.
WILL Ut/ILD TO SUIT.
J4000 to J«C»— Seven very fine homes In the
Lakefide district, east of Broadway and north
of Twelfth St.; large lots; fine grounds.
J4500— Right in town; only four blocks from
Broadway; finest cottage home in Oakland,
house has 7 large rooms, bath, closets, etc.;
large ball finished in oak; house alone cost
S4_a.
ISOOO— On the north side Thirteenth st., near
West; fine modern cottage.
C rooms and bath; lot 30x100; place easily
•uorth J4500.
$4000— Oakland Heights home; close to Senator
Perklr.s" leeldence: runny corner; lot 60x100:
beautiful new modern house of S rooms and
bath; very eiylith; view and location unsur-
j'as-scd.
J20CO— One of the nneet building lots In Oak-
land; 60x150: on the west side Summit street,
rear Orchard.
j:e. r .O-Wel:ster-st. lot; best location; KyxlM.
jr.5 per foot; beautiful lots on Harrtoon sL,
pear Duraxit.
$2500— M^st ttyllsh cottage In Oakland, now
l*:ng built; first-class location; large lot; *ee
jhoto and plans at uffloe.
$600— Adjoining Linda Vista Terrace; lots 40
'«i each; larger if desired; all street work now
b(r:ng done at srlier's expanse; adjolniiig prop-
erty held end selling at $45 per foot.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
N Broadway. Oakland.
JifO FOR lot £1x115; lot on r.prth side of street;
fc minutes' waik to Golden Gate nation and
Berkeley local; cost too. G. B. M. GRA1.
«f.4 Nlr.th St.. Oakland.
J'iiO <~AS : H--F;n* modern home of S rooms, laun-
drv bath, etc.; t-verythlns; the very latest;
ba'lance $2750, fiat loan at » per cent; it would
coet $3!>00 to build the house; the lot is worth
S;.W> n.aking good value of J50<X>; investigate.
is tins ih well located. G. B. U. GRAY, 454 j
Nlr.th St.. Oakland.
$1000— FINE 50x150- foot lot; Nob Hill of East
O_klan<J Tenth-ave. lots; etre«t work com-
plt-te. G. B. M. GRAY. 454 Ninth St.. Oakland.
{_>S0— \ MODERN 6-room cottage; bungalow
style*, with 60-foot lot; well located; easy
terms, sideboard, window seats and book-
oates DOUt in; all open plumbing; brick man-
tel, ftc. G. B. >1. GRAY. 454 Ninth, Oakland.
J_^— EASY terms; new 6-room house; bath.
laundry etc.- east frontage; lot 32xl_i; a lit-
t'.e cenr all very latest In window seau*.
pluratoing. etc. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, 451
Ninth St., Oakland. '
ICS*— -EX—CGAKT new house: north side of
etre<"t, b*t. Telegraph ave. and Grove et.; lot
&rxl?6; *J1 of very latest and one of Oakiand'a
choicest locatlors; terms to right parties. G.
V.. M. GRAY. 4.',4 Ninth ft.. Oakland.
$2500; ON INSTALLMENTS. COST *3M0.
New horn* cf 6 rooms, conservatory, enamel
bath, open plumbing, high basement and all
m'Kiern improvements; lot 50x140 feet (note the
nze), with open lawn, (rravtl driveway, etone
•walk*: good, eubstinnal barn; fruit trees, etc.:
rents for $17 ifi p«-r month: owner is away;
r.ioeet locality, near Orove Ft.; all etreet work
dor>40 a regular i;ome place; all in good condi-
tion; chanies like this are rare; look into this
tt once if you want to buy; no mortgage on
tWb property; ea^y monthly payments or a lib-
eral discount lor a Jjuick cash sale. Call or
write GEUR<;K W. AISTIN _ CO..
100S Broadway. Oakiand.
t_#0 COTTAGE FOR J1650.
UNPARALLELED SNAP.
Containing S rooms, bath, double parlors,
mantels. tii-Ft-class condition and order; ce-
rr.ent wa^ks; street wrok complete; 3 blocks
from broad pauge; In elegant neighborhood:
close to f'hools. cars and business center; part
cash, halamf mcrtMRf: first come first served.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakiand.
}4o00 PROPERTY FOR $3400.
A new colonial house. 7 rooms; latest Ideas
that make an up-to-date house; elevated
pround, surrounded by modern homes: the fin-
ish something new; dining room, beamed cell-
in?, burnt veneer; all rooms In variegated tints:
NUmjr exposure; near local train, cars and
bUFineEs center; here's the beet in Oakland;
j-art cash, balance mortgage.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
t^ MONTHLY REN^ FOR *3000.
ELEGANT XEW PA* OF FLATS.
Two modern 5-rocmed fiati, almost new; cen-
trally located in nice location, with street work
a'.I done; ftone walks and open lawn and every
comfort of a home; price only J3000; lower flat
rents for $15; upper flat, occupied by owner,
vlll bring $17; no mortgage on this; cash sale
wanted. GEORGE IV. AUSTIN _ CO..
100U Broadway, Oakiand.
JI75 CASH, Jl^ monthly: new cottage: S large
rooms: 7-foot basement; brick foundation; 8
larjre level lots. Wxlo?. $&S5; will fence and
finish up to FUit buyer; plenty of good water:
Foil, climate and view the very best; close to
electric car line and H>-foot wide boulevard.
arid not far from model schoclhouse; no foes
nor raw wind* here; Westhall Tract, adjoin-
ing itaFt Oakland; 10 buildings gone up al-
ready; more coming; call or send for circular.
4.*.3 Seventh Ft., near cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carriacc free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
tSDK. FUR.NISHEI > COMPLETE. $2000.
Modern Eastlake 5-roomed cottage, nearly
r.»w. with bath, stationary tubs, high base-
ment, brick foundation, etc.; Fituate on promi-
nent street, cne block from Ean Pablo-avenue
electric cars; Is ¦well r«Sted now; owner away
and anxious to f*>U; lot alone cost $1000; this
Is a enap. GEORGE W. AUSTIN _ CO..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
J2T.00 — 6-ROOM cottage on Mattle ave. ; exchange
for ranch.
•2501V— S-roam house; lot £3x124; cost owner
|SM: 20 minutes' walk to Broadway. E. E.
GEHRING. 47S Tenth st.
BARGAINS :t'. .BARGAINS!'.! BARGAINS!!!
In real estate; long list. Call or address
GEORGE BIDDKLL _ CO., US Broadway,
Oakland.
_r.00 — BARGAIN; elegant home, Kast Oakland:
7 rnis.. tath gas; cement walks: mod.; lot
2i_13^, elevated ground; nr. churches, schools,
rt. car; trrms. Sunset, Z'a Montgomery, r. 3-1
HOUSE of 10 rooms; fine well; modern; cen-
tral: will exchange for small ranch near Oak-
land; appreciated If seen. Call or address
GEORGE BIDL'ELL & CO., 1U8 Broadway,
riakland.
___________ _
Plat cottage. 5 rooms, bath; first-class order;
Ugh basement, cement walk: street work com-
plete; S block* from local train; close, to cars,
reboots and bucinees center: genuine enap; nrst
camt, Crst served; terms.
J. 6. MEYERS.
1C02 Broadway. Oakland.
$2250— NEW— $_50. '
San Pablo ave. and 2Sth s_: Colonial bouse. 7
rooms; very neat Jn every particular: double
parlors; unique designs In finish; up-to-date;
nothlrc lacklac: see It; Iti location to business
center c_.kes It very desirable; terms easy.
J. 8. MYERS.
10C2 Broadway, Oakland.
J_ CO PER MONTH.
Punny «-rr>CTne<l oottape. Trlth bath, laundry
end baremer.t: lutge lot; close tt> San Pablo
tvenue and Grove-et. electric lines; we have
rthers, larger houses, central nrA near the
t.-_is«. GEORGE W. AUSTIN _ CO..
100$ Broadway. Oakland.
$COT— NEW cottage; must be gold; 1 acre; barn.
XO-pace catalorue of homee.
U. E. BL-.NTE,
Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Sl'O CASH: $15 monthly till paid for; lH-story
modern cottage of 6 rooms, porcelain bath and
toilet finishing?, sanitary plumbing; large
pantry and plenty of closets; large and deep
lot. all fenced; chicken-run and out-
houses; city water and sewer; situated on
Feralta ave., Frultvsde. adjoining East Oak-
land: J block from 2 electric car lines and 10
minutes' rralk to S. P. steam local care; close
to two fine public nchools; crand view; no
log* nor cold winds here; price, all told, $1?:A
<"all cr f=cnd for circular, 4J5 Seventh et., Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, rent to any address In the
United ftates or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND FIRMTURC FOR SA_*5.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellbaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
UIVID-.NU NOTICES.
mVTDENlf NOTICE— Dividend No. 107 (fifty
cents per rhare) cf the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market et\ on and after
VTEJJNEEDAT. Autruet J> 1900. Transfer
bocks win cloee on Thursday, July 26. 1906,
e.t 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best Jn America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, rent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year tor fL j
BAY AND RIVER ST_LA__E
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello.**
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a, m., S
p. ra. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE '. 50o.
BORN.
ANDERSON— In Oakland, July 17, 1300, to the
wife of John Anderson, a daughter.
CHAPLIN— In this city. July 20. 1900, to the
wife of M. J. Chaplin, a son.
COREY— In this city, July 19. 1900, to the wife
of Charles E. Corey, a son.
CORNFOOT— In this city, July 19, 1900, to the
wife of Samuel Cornfoot, a son.
CRAGOE— In this city. July 18. 1900, to the wife
of William W. Cragoe, a daughter.
FERREA— In this city. June 23. 1900. to the
wife of Err.lle A. Ferrea. a daughter.
GEIB— In this city, July 19, 1900, to the wife of
Ed H. Gelb. a son.
LANGLEY-In this city. July 19. 1900, to the
wife of W. P. Langley. a eon.
LUITNER— In South San Francisco, July 15,
ISM, to the wife of Charles Lultner, a daugh-
ter.
LUSTENBERGER— In this city, July 16, 1900.
to the wife of M. W. Lustenberger. a daugh-
ter.
NEALON-In this city. July 19, 1900. to the wife
of J. T. Nealon, a daughter.
OLDAG— In this city. July 13. 1900. to the wife
of Charles Oldag, a daughter.
RIEDEMAN— In this city. July 19, 1900, to the
wife of Henry Rledeman, a daughter.
ROGERSON-In this city. July 19, 1900, to the
wife of George B. R. Koperson, a daughter.
RUSSELL— In this city. July 11, 1900. to the
wife of J. K. Russell, a son.
SMITH— In this city. July 15. 1900, to the wife
of F. A. Smith, a daughter.
SMITH— In this city. July 12. 1900. to the wife
of Louis A. Smith, a daughter.
ZIMMER-In this city, July 15. 1900, to the wife
of Arthur Zlmmer. a son.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Benjamin Sadlofrsky. 24. 10S6 Howard street,
and Roae Augenblick, 23, 324 Seventh street.
Louis Ferrogiaro, 29, 231 Williams avenue, and
Mamie S. Lagomarsino. 18, Dewey boulevard.
Walter Green. 25, &H Ringold street, and
Leonora Sammon, 18. 143 Welch street.
Herman Shroeder. 22. 76OA Howard street, and
Alice Hayes, 19. 760A Howard street.
George C. Burton. 2S. 402 Geary street, and
Elizabeth Groepel. 22, 319B San Joro avenue.
Martin J. Boradort, 20. 911 Hampshire street,
and Mary F. Hamilton. 20, 1407 Kansas street.
J. H. Herman Brendel. 38. 123 Ellis street,
and Minnie Siebe, 23, 536A Valencia street.
Frank W. Hill. S3. 14 Oak street, and Myrtle
A. Herren, 29, 124 Oak street.
Gus Koster. 27. 872 Pennsylvania avenue, and
Hanny Sohne, 23, 906 Geary street.
John M. Johnson, 47. 239 Steuart etreet, and
Helma Kronquist. 19. 239 Stiniart street.
WANTED — Contractors to bid on picking about
700 tons of prunes at Caf=a Delmas, Mountain
View. Cal. Address F. SPANGENBERG, Sec.
UTaVERSITT - OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley:
Notice to contractors, builders and material
inen— Notice Is hereby given to all concerned
that eealed proposals or bids are solicited for
the erection of a residence for the president
of the university and for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
for, and *a!d bids or proposals will be received
at the office of the Regents of the University
of California In the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art, corner of Mason and California sts.,
San Francisco. Cal., at or before 12 o'clock m.
of the 30th day of July. 1900; and notice Is
hereby further given that the plans and
specifications of said building have been made
and adopted and are placed In the office of
Albert Plssls, architect. 307 Sansome St.. San
Francisco, where the same may be seen and
examined during each day from 9 o'clock a.
m. until 4 o'clock p. m.. from this day until
the 2Sth day of July. 1900. No bids or pro-
posals will be considered unless the same are
accompanied by a certified check or a bona
of said proposer in the sum of ten (10) per
cent of his proposal, with eufflclent sureties,
conditioned that, if said bid or proposal shall
be accepted the party proposing will duly en-
ter Into a proper contract to faithfully per-
form the duty and obligations In accordance
with said proposal, and plan and specifica-
tions, which shall be and are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right to
reject any and all bids Is hereby reserved.
This notice Is given pursuant to an act en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and organize the University of
California," approved March 25, 1S6S. and an
act amendatory of section 25 thereof, ap-
proved March 2S. 1S72. relating to the con-
strucMon of buJIdings. approved March 3. 1897.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings in Alameda County.
W. A. McKOWEN. Actlnr Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
K. wharf. San Francisco:
W?^_ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
WwFsStet Ju 'y :o - 25> 30> Au^ jt 4 -
liarKr^SJik Charge to company's stearairs
tl««5_3 >ft»l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
BwYTrdfnai C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
f^*H»*l«*l Taccma. Everett. Anacartes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., July *0. 25, 30. August
4. and every fifth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. R'y; at Tacoma to N. P. R'jr; at
Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— » p. m.. July IX
27. August 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa. Cruz. Monterey, Ean Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Hanford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport —
9 a. m.. July 22. 26. JO, August ». and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obtspo). Santa. Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m. July 20. 24. 28, August L and every fourth
day thereafter. M ,
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of eacn
month.
For further Information obtain compa_y*9
folders.
The company reserve* the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of saillns
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FA8T STEAMERS TO
ORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 s_ m-
rinr $12 first Class Including Berth
lAnC $8 Second Clast and Meals.
STATE OP CALIFORNIA, sails
, July 22, Aug. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 27. Aug. <
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
K. C. WARD. General Agent.
— — ¦ 630 Market st»
GOODALL. PERKINS _ CO..
Superintendent*.
KNUS-In South San Francisco, July M. 1900.
Marie Matilda Knus. dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Charles and Anna Knus. and dearly
beloved sister of Alvlna, Charlie. John, Otto
and the late Henry Allan Knus, a native of
Finland, aged 22 years 6 months and 22 days.
C7"Priends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1537 Twelfth avenue south, be-
tween M and L streets eouth. South Ban
Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
LEVY— In this city, July 21. 1900. Marcus, be-
loved son of the late Ellas and Angelina
Levy, and brother of Henry. Joseph, Abram,
Ralph. Reuben and David Levy, a native of
• Mlddletown, Conn., aged 46 years and &
months. .. .
LUCIEN-In this city. July 19, 1900, Dominique
Germain Lucien, Pa6t Master of La Parfalte
Union Lodge No. 17, F. and A. M.. a native
of Carcassone. France, aged 79 years 11
months and 12 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where services will be held under the auspices
of La Parfaite Union Lodge No. 17,. F. and
A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery. Re
mains at the undertaking parlors of Julius S.
Godeau, 306 Montgomery avenue.
LUSK— In (his city. July 21, 1900, Albert, be-
loved husband of Martha A. Lusk. a native
of New York, aged 71 years 11 months and 4
days. (New York, Brooklyn and Iowa papers
plfuse copy.)
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.'
McCAW— In this city, July 20, 1900. Minnie J..
beloved daughter of Essie A. and the late
Anthony McCaw, and sister of George A.,
Thomas S.. William N.. Anthony, Dora S.
and James McCaw, a native of Kilwarlln,
County Down. Ireland, aged S3 years 3 months
and 10 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the family
residence. 243 Twelfth avenue, thence to
Richmond Congregational Church, corner of
Seventh avenue and Clement street, at 1
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by carriage.
MeCORMICK-Entered Into rest. In this city.
July 21. WOO. Kitty A., dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Maraget T. and the late M. McCor-
mick, and beloved sister of Nicholas C. May
W\, Marjuerette T.. Thomas E. and Joseph
M. McCormick. a native of San Francisco.
McDONOUOII— In this city. July 20, 1900,
Thomas, beloved son of Annie and the late
Mathew McDonough. a native of Washington.
D. C. ated 32 years.
MEEHAN-In Stockton. July 19. 1900, James
I Meehan. son of the late Jeremiah and Sarah
Meehan. and nephew of Mrs. John Corkery.
a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years.
CTRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
MONTAGUE— In this city, July «, 1900, Clara
M.ontague. a native of San Jose, Cal., aged 24
I_7"Remalns at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
MULLIN— In Colusa, Cal.. July 6. 1900, Charles
F. Mullln, beloved husband of the late Ellen
Mullln, father of Eugene and Robert Mullln,
and brother of James P., Llllie I. and the Jate
Harry E. and Robert E. Mullln. a native of
California, aeed SO years.
NEILL— In Oakland. July 21. 1900. Robert M.
Neill, beloved husband of Maggie Neill. and
father of Genevieve Neill. a native of County
Down, Ireland, aged 35 years and 10 months.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 802 Clay street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
POLLARD— In thla city. July 21. 1900, Eleanor
A., beloved wife of F. B. Pollard, and daugh-
ter of Mrs. R. A. Ashworth, a native of Cali-
fornia. ¦
(CTRemains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2429 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first.
RABIGER— In this city. July 21, 1900, Alexan-
der Rablger, beloved husband of Sophie Rabl-
ger. and father of Ida Rablger. a native of
Germany, aged 50 years 2 months and 24 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
July 24 1900, at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
RODGERS— In this city. July 21, 1900. Mary J.
Rodgers. beloved mother of Mrs. Carrie Mc-
Lean. Mrs. Ella Grant and Mr. James Rodg-
ers, aged 62 years.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3167 Twenty-third street. Interment
private. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROW_— In this city, July 20, 1900/ Annie Rowe
(nee Penders), beloved wife of George D.
Rowe, daughter of Annie and the late John
Penders, and sister of Jennie Penders, Mrs.
William Priece and the late Mrs. William
Straub, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 27
years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:43 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 154S Kentucky street, Potrero,
thence to St. Teresa's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at S:15 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cr,oss Cemetery-
THAIN— In this city. July 19, 1900. Alice E., be-
loved wife of Alexander Thaln, and sister of
Mrs. Rosle Boyd and David L. Reynolds, a
native of San Francisco, aged 41 years and 8
days.
d_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1722 Page street. Interment private.
TUGGEY— In Oakland, July 20, 1900, at the resi-
dence of George H. Roemer. 1426 Thirteenth
avenue. Mary E. Tuggey, wife of William
Tuggey, mother of Mrs. George H. Roemer,
and sister of Rev. Charles E. Rich. Miss Win-
nie C. Rich (deaconess), J. S. Rich ot Rich-
mond, Intl., and Mrs. Raymond Holway of
Charlestown, Mass., aged 64 years.
[_rFrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully lnvlteii to attendi the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2* o'clock, at First M.
E. Church, Powell street, near Washington,
San Francisco. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
VAN AMRINGE— In Oakland. July 21, 1900, at
1T30 Ninth avenue. Cornelia Elizabeth Van
Amringe. beloved mother of Mrs. F. B. Hoyt,
John Edward Van Amringe, Mm. J. M. Gam-
ble and Dr. David R. Van Amringe, a native
of Cincinnati. Ohio.
(_rFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Monday),
at 2 o'clock, at her late home, 1730 Ninth ave-
nue,' East Oakland. Interment private.
CARD OF THANKS.
Mrs. Minnie Connell desires to thank her
many friends for their kind attention and
sympathy extended during her late bereave-
ment.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
BAHBOAD TBAVEL.
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Will Dispatch for
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
NOME,
PORT CLARENCE, CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant. Commodious. Fast Al Pasaen-
rer Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
For Puwnftr and Freight Hates Apply to
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO.,
2% Market st. San Francisco.
Twenty-five hundred tonf displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
Ask at 628 Market st.
-or at Santa Fe Ticket
Office in Ferry Depot
94108
Goings-'*
Trains on the Santa Fe are
going every day to Stock-
ton at 9 a. m., 4:10 p. m.
and 8 p. m. To Fresno and
Bakersfleld at 9 a. m. and
8 p. m. To Chicago, Kan-
sas City and Denver at
9 a. m.
Sleepers on all trains
where you . need to sleep.
Diner on the Overland.
Got them
DEEP.
Cha.pl n. Frank E. McDonousti, Thomas
E<ln»r. Raloh H. Meehan. James
Frledel. Frederick T. Montague. Clara
Gallagher. Daniel J. Mullln. Charlee F.
Hall In. John NelU. Robert M.
Hiegrlns, James Pollard. Eleanor A.
Hobe-. Geore« J. Rablger. Alexander
JcfTerj'. Thomas Rodgers. Mary J.
Knus. Marie M. Rowe. Annie
l«evy. Marcus Thaln. Alice E.
Lucien. Dominique G. Tuggey. Mary E.
LAisk. Albert Van Amrlnse. Corne-
McCaw. Minnie J. Ha E.
McCoralck. Kitty A.
CHAPIN— In this city. July 20. 1900. Fra_k Eu-
gene Chapln, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 years 6 months and 12 days.
E_rThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from 431 Ellis street.
EDNER— In * this city. July 21. 1900. Ralph
Henry Edner. beloved eon of Lewis and El-
vira Edner. and brother of L. Lester and
Thomas Edner, a native of California, aged 13
years.
r_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking: Com-
pany 2423 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FRIEDEL — In this city. July 20. WOO. Frederick
T dearly beloved husband of WUhelmlne
Fr'iedel, and father of Emily and the late
Oharlee F. Frledel. a native of Germany, aged
CS years 11 months and 15 days.
C_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 894 Dolores street, near Twenty-second.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GALLAGHER — A requiem mast will be cele-
brated In at. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness
avenue and O'Farrell streets, to-morrow
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, for the repose of the
toul of the late Daniel J. Gallagher.
HALLIN— In this city. July 2L 1900. John Hal-
lln. dearly beloved son of John and Tlllle
Hallin, and brother of Edward and Lulu Hal-
lln, a native of San Francisco, aged 7 years
and 7 month*.-
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday). 1 at 2 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence, US San Carlos avenue, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth, Mission and Valencia
street*. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HIGGINS— In this city, July 20. 1900. James
UlERlr.e. a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 11:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C. O'Connor _ Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
1 o'clcck. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOPE— In this city. July 21, 1900, George J.
Hobe. a native of Hamburg, Germany, aged 74
years 11 months and 13 days.
l_r Notice of funeral hereafter.
JEFFERY— In . this city. July 20. 1900, Thomas
Jeffery, beloved husband of Elizabeth A.
Jeffery. and father of Mrs. Mary McLane and
William T. C. Jeffery. a native of England,
aged 68 years 2 months and 4 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully lnvitfd to attend the funeral this -day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his lat- resi-
dence. 1C1 Hayes street, thence to Red Men's
building, 220 Post street, where services will
be held at 1:80 o'clock under the auspices of
Arapfthoe Tribe No. 76, Impd. O. R. M.
Members of Templar Lodge of Rebekahs No.
19. I. O. O. F v and also of Pioneer Lodge No.
1. F. of F.. pleas* take notice. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 28 Fifth st. Tel. South 1CT.V
JUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EKBALK5R3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
Daniel p. donovan. mst.
fuskbal directors and embalmers,
20 FUth. St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South CO.
AMERICAN LINE.
Bff YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg:, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Louis... July 25 St. Paul August 15
New York.... August 8 St Louis August 22
KED STA^ LIN2.
r- - eW,YorK <">d Antvtftr».
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark ......July 26!| Kensington ..August 8
Westernland August l'lAragonla August 15
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street. ¦
S. S. OHIO,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT TO
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
On or about July 23d.
For 'passage and other particulars apply to
EMPIRE LINE. 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.. 139 POST- ST.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL. "
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION havlns a presidln* officer
and secretary the charge ior cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and organ services
Is **0- ' The same for members of the family. -
aXORQB SL FLETCHER, Superintendent.
OOMPAQNIE GENERALE TRAHBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _m__
KaillnK every Thursday. Instead 6t
Saturday, from November 2, 1S99. afawsa
10 a. m., from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. L.A CHAMPAGNE. July 26; LA
TOURAINE. August 2: L'AQUITAINE. August
9; - LA BRETAGNE, -August H. First class to
Havre, 1S2 50 and upward;. Second class to
Havre. $55 and upward; & per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. S2 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). . New - York. J. F.
FTJGAZI _ CO.. Pacific Coaat Agents, 6 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco* . , .
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry."
•»»_¦ .» COmmencln* April 22. 190*.
FROM _A* JK-VCISCO a TO MILL V___T
BB^_W_ft ?_?i_N«
EXTRA TIUPS-For Mill Valley _dS_
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at J:00 and 11:35 p m
SUNDAYS-7:C0. •$:(». •9:00, »10:00 ilOO 11»
a. m.; U:45. •!„. : : »0t .J:45. Jiw. «^. "J.
p. m. »
11:00 — , m. doea not ran to San Rafael S<_>
*ays.
_.2^?"_ in « rked n raa t0 8tn Q^entln.
r S?JiJ A^ RA^AEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. V:30. 7:50. 8:40. »10:U a.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. »3:3O. 4:SO. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at ««:4$ and 10:M p. m
BUNDAY8-«:15. »g:0O. »»:50. •U:0Oa. rn".: 'UM
xn.: l;C0. 2:15. •3:S0. 4:30. *5:43. «:45. 1:30. 10:29
p. m.
Train* marked. (•) start from San Qnentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:53. 6:45, 8:00. 8:55. 10:10 a.
».: 11:35. 1:45. Z:45. 3:30. i:M. 6:20 p. _
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m-: 13:15,
1:20. 2:30. *:45, 4:55. 6:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAlN'a •
7:00 a. m, week days— Tazadero and way sta-
tions. .
8:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdayi (Saturdays czcepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations. )
t:0O a. . m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .
11:45- p. m. Sunday*— Point Reyes and way
_t_tlo_K — .-._i-. ¦
S. S Tanla. 4500 tons, sails about Aurust 10.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agenta.
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7— Freight office,
327 Market st.. San Francisco.
— ABYDOS , 4000 tons
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
KOSMOS LINE 5_Sft-.".:8_
rVUUIIIUU L.II1L. LUXOR 6500 tons
Sheets, blankets, pillows and coverlets
or counterpanes were frequent subjects of
bequest In the middle ages. '
THE FAST AND COMMODIOUS IRON
' STEAMSHIP
CHAS. D. LANE
(T700 tons burden— 100 Al.) Warner, master.
WILL, POSITIVELY SAIL
TUESDAY AFTERNOON,
The 24th of July, for CAPE NOME, via Seattle.
For passage, freight and cold storage for
Cape Nome and Seattle apply to the purser,
at Steuart street wharf, or at HOBART
BUILDING, 632 Market St.. room 4.
CAPE
F^OR
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS \V1I_ LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling- at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at HonekortK with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of saillns.
SS. AMERICA MARU.... Friday, Aujiiet S. 1300
SS. HONGKONG MARU i
Wednesday, August 23, 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday, September 22, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
HI Market street, corner First.
XV. H. AVERT. General Agent.Articles— Opea. Hich. Low. Close.
Wheat No. J—
July 77 7TH 7S*i 77H
Aus-JSt 774 ..H 7«% 77%
gertetr-ber 7SH 7S*» 77H 7T4
iuf? . N .°- ! ~ 34 »H »4 »4
August »H 334 »H J»H
September l?4 »S «4 »4
Oats No- S—
July KH 234 «« J3H
Augu-t 3*i 3H Sfti SS
September 23!» 37» r3»i M^
Mess Pork, per barrel—
Ja!y ,. II 09
September ....:... .15 60 1215 U S34 1Z 15
Lard, per 139 pounds—
July « SS4
September « S3 C *> « 774 S J74
Octaber « «w « »2;, €$24 C 3T4
Short Ribs, per 100 pcandt—
Jaly „.....« SO 6 93 f 90 E S3
September C ST-i 7 OS 6 S?4 7 C2S4
October <W ?W t SO I 00
Cash quotatiaas were as fellows: Floor.
st£-ady: wlr.ter patents. SI 9C54 10: straights
J3 ?V?3 M; clears. JS^S 50; spring specials, it 63
04 75; patents. W 7064 =0: straights. $3 30«J 10:
takers", K 3MT2 SO; No- J eprlng wheat, 73V>e
TSc: No. X. 7:4S7ac: No. 2 r-d. 77ff7S4e: NoT !
corn. »»ie; No. S yeUow. 3>\ ¦£**•.-. No. 2 oat».
J4V»€34^«; No. J white. S@S^c: No. I white.
3SCS*4c: rood feeding barley, jsg**;; fair to
ehotcfl cjaltlcr. *^S*tc: No. l flax seed. Jl 18:
No. 1. Northwestern. - II TS; rae«« pork, per
barrel. Jll «cei: IS: lard. r«r 1M lbs. f« 70-54 g5:
chart ribs . sides <loo«e>. SS •;?; 19; dry salt&S
shoulders (bcx-1), (\%~c; short dear sides
CHICAGO. July 2L— Th* activity engendered
by Wheat mas only moderate, but the Wheat
market shewed a broad undertone cf strength.
The range cf prices was rather narrow, but
considering the fact that the day was Satur
day ar.d cr^cTilatcrs Inclined in rest ever Sun
day business was brisk. September cp«ned He
over yesterday at 7?*i to 7S%c and sold 7S*%c
during the first fcaif hour. Uverpool showed
an advance of **%}¦'%? on the report that there
was Ars*"-tiae Wheat bein? offered and that
the American stuff was cheaper than either
Ru-«*ian cr Danube offerings. Northwest tid
ir.gs were in nowise Ie«« gloomy. Pront- taking
followed th» epesing bulge aad September
drcrc*d to 774c The market, however, »oca
reacted by buying by the Northwest, the sea
board and #:rne local Interests. September
rsllt*-d to 75*»c and clcaed strong at 7SV*C7SSc
\Ioderate activity and cor.servative strength
chsra^terired- th* Cora trade. Cable* were
higher and country cilerizr* were remarkably
•mail. £«pteaiber closed over yesterday
at Ti'-yc.
Oats were quiet and eteady, reppcrted by
the ftnnr.e«s of Wheat aad Ctra. September
closed a shade higher at :3\c.
Prcvi*icn» were strong end fairly active m«t
of the the ttjne. OfT»rlr.ars were light. There
wa? pood local buyiag on the prospect of a
decrease in the L*rd ?tocks. The cash business
was reported In grod shape. September pork
closed rri~c over yesterday; Lard 10c higher
and Ribs Ze Improved.
The leading futures raased as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Xrr York Stock Market.
Siv. TOES, -c!y 21- — Th*r* were a few
»pcrad.c cues cf rtreegth in the stock market
U-*ar. fcvt r.'.-f cf the pains held at the tigh
esr £r.J ?c~« of. ti»m were mere than wiped
cut. In th* rai:rr.£d liit' MinneapoUs' aad St.
Faul w^re the rr.ly Btaesta to itJLke ar.y c^rr.sid
erarie shew cf strength. Amcnx the fp*c'.al
t:e« L»a't»r. the N»w y?rk Trsxtlcti ard Ten
r«*s*« Csal w*re the feature. ?=gar was
Cttefl two r^>:-t» at tie cj^r.i^g. bat tt was
very '"brrlc-JSly fcr lie porp-rse of affording a
nar'«t -cp^n wtlcb to rea::r» prcfits. The
ttisck clceed three pObatS befan* the hiirh lerel
aaa tsaeSgaM tke whole ceaztaC A« the Lon
«•= Exchange was c<^ in »essi-n and had ad
2m—.~-t pest«r£xs' tefT» the r»fr»:tt at V."aah
:ng-.-r. i'. SI ;r..5ter O3iyrer* mefaige. tie *r*ct
cf tttt B(r«i oo the En?! «h market Is Kill
•7=<-s-hat probl«t3XtiraL French rentes rose
IS IW.HltW to-4iy. But the tone of
th* British pr*** a* to the authenticity of the
Ccrcr dirratch left a <i'-j>-'. la tbe tniads cf
•peca^tcrs af ta hew it wtssij a~ert the mar
ket. Tbe tgsna tt the bank ttaXoacstt ate
«ga:n ratber tsys-.i;j;c« aad do not ••&rcr»."
The receipt tiis week cf S3.S0G.7O0 !s gill .
*t!ch «aa ehis?r*d last week fro^j the Pac:cs
Coast aecflsst» for the iarxe incT^ase la the '
rwn.* Tie decrease ia the Ic<aa irera lrvii
cates that Oerras benwers ars «:U1 repaT-
Jrxg Joax* cf N^w Ti>rk ra^itai. Fterling ei- :
crarjt advarced In Pans and B»riin acd w^i» i
firm. th3*-ga ncrr.lnil fc*re. arid cail rc^nry I
tard«>r-ed ia Lcridca. Inrreaeirjf the BfceUbcwI
d *:H experts next w«ek- Tee much noot*d
cae*ticn et tr.'w larre tfce tra.Ie balance in our i
favxr h^s b^-en. paid er- net. is jmrtiy a-jtw-r— i
by tbe app»ara:»c<» to-dar of iiivtac»d offerings
cf Cr.ir**3 ard New Trrk bond deal-rs and
fccnier* cf a varied li»t cf fMtira GoTercrr.eBt
eeirur.ties. ladadin^ Gram. Russian, gTri»>,
Z>otfii. Belgian. P*«i;«h and Canadian tcuit
ties -~f —an? ce»rrf^tia=«. The znarket ci,«ed
at un:rnr>crtact Det riar.ces
rri^* cf ftorkj have b*t= raised aether
notch t.t a result cf the week's trai'.ng. But
the character -of ti« market fca» not nsaterlalir
cfcar_g«Kl from its strictly professional line*.
Opezaxtasa ty sp»>cuiative persewi have taJ
•err.* :«r:r«rarj- efTect In racvinK prices cf ra
cial atocka or in<iI-.-Sdttal caus** tav« aTTecte.1
cih»r?. Tn^re has t»^a »csi:e alieht «yicp*
tiirtlc re«pos»e* Jn the getie.ai Ii«t- But tier*
baa been jcanircst difSculty ia maintaining
trtrr* at a a«w :*:~i a.*id the pentRetit tenden
cy ha» been to return to a fixed lereL To oh
taln MM ade^aa.te tdea of the extrese lethargy
ef ttoe markft Jt :• se^esa&ry to ro back thj««
cr four we»k». la many stocks pftct prtce*
va.r>' crJy fco.r»!y a fraction from th^ee of the
end cf Jur.- .*¦<;=-.* have be«n hiffh*r and »jrr.e
tare b»*-n lewer f-. tte meantime, but lt ts ofe-
Tlou* thai ti>e raaricei i* star to a, eo»dluoa
cf rt2b> eciuillfcri^im. The salable mirrements
cf the week have fy*r; mcrtly la the ep«cialtiej j
e.=d have teen tt'.i^i by the furcsd coverias o- !
etoc-rt c^=tract% tu«ar. ErocJt!yn Transit, the i
Iron ar.-l »te«l stocks »n<i Parian Mail fca^e '
b«er» ivMaKle exanri.i»». KTfyns fcire continued i
witi »:e» su-?cts» to aiivaace Uaica Pacific-, j
Tfce ccs net ten has be««»e reaera! Jn Wall j
«tre<t that thi« rzerk 1* to go on a 4 per cent I
•Hviicrii bofis at the n*xt iivldend ni*«tiag. ¦
SScmrtbataBs, e*Twrt* to advance ti« price car* I
escyuritered :arg« c?eriac» cf tht rtock. The
ruproiKtiit! that the tsllitary ©peratlcas 'n i
Ckina wn.il r^^ult in iricrtaaed den^and and i
tran>portat:«jn <,f B=TO<Je» as well a= trocps hJ» •
«Cecte4 J's.Tlic iiiil and the transient mental ;
ralima-i line*. Tne «tr«isth> of :rcn aad tteel j
¦tacks i-as t^io be*a attributed to ttis ta2u-!
33m 4t=a-«U cf fftreiga gcTermcents for cap- i
Jtal to cc=iu<rt military cperatloi^ la Caiaa I
ere expected to ke»p money rates up to a point
that will KAi- It prcfitablc to lea.^* American
capital In foreign lean*. Ti.« Bask ct Eag-
Itr.i nas ir^ug-arat-ed a policy of retrenchment
and re-c-upersti.-a by an ur-rxperted advance oi
• 1 r«r «=t. from 3 to 4 p-r ©ent. la 'u
isiriraura rate r.f discosnt *r.i has bees able
ty bcrrowi-ajrs frsra tfa« cpea jcarket to carry
th« private c:?'-<T3r:t rate uj> to ;t» own rate. '
Tfce art i^n cf the Treasury Department in re- f
icfcfitss its call fcr r»payta»nt of another X10.-
WC.%6 cf O«v»mr3»nt der*«:ti Is dsnbtiess a
recogsltJca of the elraia whUa might rasult on
the rscsey rrarkrt. So also is the authorixa
tlca br tie Tre*»u; J Department cf ta« pay
jr«st tj tte Eaa rrtadsca gist fcr gold ar-
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
ars are Quete-3 fery dull. This
Afexican &->
is, tae off season, ar.d in addition tfce recent
quarantine and bow the Chinese war have se
ricu*ly checked tfce normal movement
Sterling Exchange, sight — J4 «S
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 S3Vi
Stedins Cables • — 4 S3V*
New Ycirk Exchanje, sight.... -<¦ 114
N>w Tork Exrrhanr-. telerraphic — 15
Fine EUver. per ounce — C4
Mexican Jjoliara. noraicaJ — ts'j
Wheat and Other Grains.
TVHEAT — The feeling was nrmer all around
yesterday. In this market futures advanced.
The foreign markets canse through firmer, and
Paris was higher. Argentine shipments ceased.
there were co more offerings cf Platte wh»at.
th- Russian ar.d Danubian markets were high
er than the American and Brocrafttfli cabled
anxiety la Gencany. France and Ene'.and over
the too rapid ripening of the European plant.
owtcp to the tstease heat prevailing throughout
Eurcpe. Finally rumors of poor outlook in the
Northwest were resuscitated, so altogether the
feeling was decidedly balHsh all around.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. Jl 03; milling. Jl C74
ei ix
CALL BOARD SALE?.
Ir-fcrrsal Session— 9:13 o'clock— December ZXQ
Ct!s' $1 HV. »1 '**>i-
Second Session— ne>-ember — IDO3 ctls. $1 144;
IS.nGO. Jt 14S: BSflsi Jl 14*n-
Rsrular Mcrring Session— December — 10.000
ct!* Jl 1*: WUl, ?1 14\: 2S.0CO. Jl 144.
BARLEY— Th? market sympathizes with
•wheat and quctaticr.5 are somewhat higher.
The feelir.e- Is very Srco.
Feed. l^BTZ^-c for Xo. 1 and 6SS67"Hc for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades. 7igS0c;
Ctevalier. ncniinaL
CALL BOARD SALES.
Infrpinl gessfoc — Xo sales.
Second Session — Xo sale*.
Regular Morning Seaslcn— December— H.CCO
ctls. 77c; r*A 7714c.
OATS— Are very strong, with a continuation
o f »n» Government demand.
Wr.ite. Jl 1>SI 35; Surprise. Jl ITHffl IE; r-j,
$1 074@l 2>: Gray. |1 15€1 Black, Jl K>3
1 1-4 P« ctL
CORX-Eastera large TtUow, Jl 17451 M p,. r
ctl- Eastern White. Jl 17^61 2V per ctl; Mixed.
$1 1.HH ITU.
RTE— 90-gUSc rer ctl.
BUCKW rlEAT-NcialnaL
Flour and Millsiuffs.
FLOUB-Callfcrnta family extras. » Cg3 rs.
usaal terms: bakers* extras. S3 4CS3 50; Oregon
and Washington. H .^83 10 per barrel for fam- f
Uy. aad S3 15453 50 for bakers' ; Eastern, $4 75t? '
£ 75 rer barrel :
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces to sacks are as fol- 1
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham •
Flour. It cer V» lbs: Rye Flour, C TS; R y(e
>Ieal. $2 SO; Rice Klour. 17; Corn Meal, $3 T»;
extra cream do, {3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny. C5CS2 75: Buckwheat Flour. J4&4 K;
Cracked Wheat. S3 SO; Farina. S4 30; Whole
¦Wheat Floor. J3 IS: Rolled Oats {barrels). J5©
7 IS; tn sacks. $3 75©7; Pearl Barley. IS; Spin
Peaa, S3; Greea Peas. J5 50 per ICO lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Tte Hay rnark't" Is In peculiar shape fcr this
time of the year. All the good grain Hay
tn the State for sale (and there is not muca of •
it) has been bought up by the San Francisco
hay dealers. This is now ccmin? tn. some of
it ahead of tlce, as the farmers are eajer to
dtlJver and get their money. Arrivals have
b*en so heavy that the market has soft»ned
dvring the week, though the dealers do net let
lt go down- It !s calculated that at the present !
rate of deliveries there will be r.o good Hay s
kit outside of San Francisco In thre* weeks. [
Xo matter whether the market Is weak or arm '
at the momsnt. dealers say that it !s bound to i
be higher a month from now. and as they own i
all tbe good Hay ttey ought to know. Vclaa- t
teer Hay does not badge aad Is as cheap and ¦
neglected as ever, though it may Improve by i
and by.
BhAS-W 50^13 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 11783) per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-RcIIed Barley. JH per ton: j
Oilcake Meal at the mill. SMtfK: Jobbing. JSI 53 t
©3!: Cocoanat Cake. «0«n: Corn Meal. tZt 50. j
Cracked Corn. IS; Mixed Feed. *14.
HAT— Volunteer. 14 6»g« 60: Wheat. JUS:: 50:
Wheat aad Oat. 13 50^12: Oat, IS$HI: Clover, i
S4««.- Alfalfa. «C&7E0: Barley. «»8S» per
°£rTRAW— S«43c »er bal*. -
Beans and Seeds,
• The Government has placed an order la this
market for *3» eacks of small white Eeans,
which hare advanced la consequence. No ether
charges.
BEANS- Baro*. J2 S5€3: Small White, J3 3ZQ
3 30: larye White. J5 754?: 30: Pink. 12 5*6; W;
Red,"J3 5CfJ: Blackeye. tt£0$3 73; Bntt»rs,
neminal; Lima. IS «85 4C: Pea. J3 43^3 i«; Red
Kidneys. 1494 501. .
EEED3- Brown iTustari comlnal: Tellow
Mnjtard. 4c: Flax. HSC^ISJ; Canary. 34c per
lb f or 'Callforai* and 4c for Eastern: Alfaifa,
nominal: Ri>, r-4€3c: Hetap, 4844c: Tlsso
thy.-4w*4c ¦ -r — — - .—,_-...¦
DRIED PEAS— NO**, P 2JI SO; Green. %S S
ffj SO per cti, . ' . .
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK. July 21.-rLOUP.-P.ecelrts. Zl,
520 tarre'.s; exports. 13.S73 barre's: sales, 5S!8i
market was ir.active but steady. Wl-ter, J' uti
§4: w!=t»r straits. $3 7Z&Z 90; Minnesota pat
tnts. U 71; winter extras, tl TJ£Z 17; Mi=
rtscta takers, $253 7 1 ?; winter low grai?;,
$2 4oca 74.
WHEAT- P-ecelpts. 4T.1T3 buafcels: exporta.
71. flS bushels; sales, 2130 bushels futures.
1S.C00 tnshels epct. Spot steady; No. :
Red. S3c f.o.b. afieat; Xo. 1 Northern
Duluth. S7c f.o.b.. aioat- Options dis
played firmness pretty much all day- In spite
cf a srr.aU trade. Besides timber cable ad
vices and repons of hot weather la Germany
ir. i Fraace there was English bnylng ard a
low crop e»tiinaie 1= the Northwest. Tte clow
was steady at l ic net advance. July. KH9
*Z 5-15o. clcsed K4c; September. CHgSI 3-16c,
cicsed t%c; October, closed S3 3-lic; Decem
ber. S3S*«a*c closed S3Hc.
HOP? — ?te«dy: State, common to choice. 1S39
crop, ll@14c: do., old, IQUc. Pacinc Coast. l«:-3
crop. 1>511:: do., old. Zilic
KIDES-Steadr. California, n to :S pcunij,
rt4c.
WOOL- Firm. Domestic fleece. rgCSc;
7»ias. llSISe.
«X'FFEE— Spot Rio. easy: Xo. 7 Invoice. >%c;
niiii quiet: OorSora, S4S"-3c.
Futures clo»e>1 steady. S to 30 points lewer:
total sales. 3000 bagr. Including: August, t* S)@
r r>; 5=»p tern ber. t* 2S«^ 3S: October. JS *VJfS as;
Xo\-tmb»r. t» 4^? 45: I>er*nr:b*r. $S 5&©S 7<"-:
retmajT, JS «0; March. IS 73f5 S3; Hay, JS !^3
9 C«>. ""
BLTTER- Receipts. S1T1 ra.ckag»s; niarket
firm: current packed factory. 14glSc: Cream
ery. 16~jgiS4c.
EGGS— P^celpts. 4^3 packages; market firm.
Westers at noark. 11^1342 for average lots;
Western. los» off. Ijc.
SCGAR-?tmr-jr: fair renaing. 4Hr: centrlfa
ral. S< test, 4%c: rac-lasses exsKax. 4Hc: ren-
Cn»d, firm: Xo. 5. 3.£5c: No. 7, 5.43c; Xo. S,
5 40c; No. », &.5fc: No. 13, S.K'c: No. 11. 5.3V;
Xo. li. 5.13c: Xn. 15. 3.50c: Xo. 14. 5-Be; stand
ard A. 5.90c: confectioners' A. 5.90c: mould A.
S-S^r; cat loaf. S.4-'v: crushed. S.4flc; powderei.
€.i:<c; granulated. «.10c; cubes. 6.5>c.
DRIED FP.UITS
XEW TORK. July S1-— California dried frolU
w«re rfuil an-i nominal to-day.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Oomiacn,
r-iCic; jricie, 5^©i4c; choice, S*«664c; fancy,
7g74c-
CALrFORXIA DRrEI> PRUNES— S4t?7c per
rwrand z* tn size and <jtral1ty.
APRICOTS— Royal. 11314^; Moorpark. 15517c
PEACHES— Peeled. 14-glic; unp*eled, «.§3c.
! .Yra 1 } r ort (7rcm a«J Produce, j
Charters.
T^.e ~oreac« '. * :* eo«J *t Taecsa. fsr Hcno
lule; tie FJ— tr, »elsu>« at Victoria for Zrg-
Uad. 4T» 6d; the R. C. Elii*. tsmbcr frctn Pu
crt Boesfl to Fr«r:ar.Ue. 7: 1 *; jpti;n of Oerald-
Bank Clearings.
If'^j.* Shipment.
Z^oeal bark clearings last week were J1M51.-
ZZX. agz^z^t SZS.r^.rn. 'zt the same week last
re*x-
Tie 2riti5h ship Elacitraea cleared yesterday
Tcr Cue^n5trwn for crders wita SCU7 ctls
¦wheat. vs_ue SSS.-Ui. and U.COO feet I==ber
<«-«--. f« \ tiued a.t liS. Trtai value. JS i.iZt-
Fcrcign Imports.
TzTt'.r^. !— rcru at ttls pert drrtrg the fint
iLMli cf tie rear were SU.liE.e30. agaicct l^.-
CM.&T dur.rjr the rame period In IMS. tie lead
in* aocrces fc*:re a« fr".i:ws: Kawailar Isianis.
t&XSt.lX; Cr::ra. J4 r3.7O: Japar, t4.Cl».4:«;
C«rrrfci Ar=--.ca. tZ.C—.2X; Eiit Indies. 11.
€X.KC: Gr»«: Er.'^.r, j;.Si..i":-:. Briiisi. Cclum
to. p.: 1 :
Wheat and Flour Exports.
Exr-rti Of F".r-r frcm this jort durin* the
ercp rear cf 157S-*j;X vere l.eS5.7S3 this, valued
a.t txr.T.rr-. afai=«t :-47.S» fcr'.« during the rre
ce4i?:p v*tr Reducing th:s Fl^ur to a Wbeat
tas:t &' t t idirx :t tz tie exported Tv»;eat gives
t"tal *xj--rt.* rf Wheat dur;n« th« part cr?p
:**.- U ?.nJ.J«5 ctl*. \-alce-i at ttS.U3.S00,
•vgiinft i.!T7.M>0 ctls at J€.17iM0 la I33J-1S0O.
Weather Report.
CTti: Mtrli'.ir.-Faclfic TTrsO
SAX FRANCISCO. ZS.y S— 5 p. K.
Tte tt Ptmtm maximuia temrerar^res were
r=pcr*.»i fraa ttttkaa in California to-day:
EureVa •'" Les Ar.geles C
Freer;-? S- *«.cra=:ento TS
SicuTit Ta=a:pais TZ Ir.de p»aceac« ST
Red B-TT 5f4 ris. iJ.epc TZ
San Lu;t Cbispo..-. It
San Fra=ci»c- data: Majc;=== t«=perarcre.
C rr.lz.-rz.-TZL. 14; isean. M.
WEATHER COXDmOXS AND GEXER-VL
FORECAST.
The rr»u-re ha* risen el^w'.y over the crcn
trj- **»-. cf ti* Ii>ricr il?u=tiins. Tie area
©J levr ffre««i:re oer:trai ever tie valley or tise
Cc'.crad? arr-ears to be xs^vtnc ncrtteast an.i
w-.".! ETobtxUy unite with a irw area over tie
s;rr*r tQaaoorl '\'al!ey.
T*r» taspetvtBr* rias fallen over the greater
7crt:r- o( tie tcart. In tie great vaUcsna of
Califorr-is tie t£=r-eratt;ir-s are 15 to IS degrees
l?w*r than r.as bees pre-.zill-K i:r «;=:« days
jast
Frr rrevalls »lcrg the coaat of Central and
rc-"--.r«m Caiif'rrtla. e
Rtir. has EsOea in Etmttmi Ttai e=.i Xcrti
err: 11^.-.
Fcr-rca*t maie iz Ean Francisco fcr ttlrty
tcc:r». ending rr.S<t=:gr_t. July S. 1300:
Ncrfbern CallforT-:» — ClcuiT Eaaiay. Ti <>¦ \
ing ««ir during the day: light southerly wintfs
ir. tt* -"frier; Ic^ ca tie •-¦*.-: wltik westerly
*:r it
Be xtbera Callfemia— Fair Surety; light n^rth
wjr.d. t-r rr. the c-o«st i= tte m^ni=g.
Ne»-a.ia— C.cuiy S=r.<fay.
Utah- C.-u'y. unsettled weatter Sunday; pc«
tZt'.y !X-'. frcwen.
Ar:rrr_a— Fair £=r.iay.
S«a Fr»Tic:*-o and TiTisity— Clc^dy 1= the
Tnor-^irg, fiir iun=g the iay: fresh we»t wind
V.tt f:t. ALEXANTJEK Q. McAPrE.
r-receat OffinaL
» riv:r.g froas Che K!cn<Jike ar.i Australia by
: te'.egrsrhic transfers oa the Xew York asJa/
', office. Uncertainty ia the money market Is due
, to the doubt whether a period of tijrht raon^y
; can b« avoide-i when these various niintf
: a«r.:s converge ur-?n the niarket- This uncer
• ta^.ty is in UseZf r^lcient U discourage stock
1 epe<rulatica.
The b>?r.d market has tailed to show «r.y
I pressure c* capital seekirig Investmer.t. The
: fund* diftiuised on Ju'.y 1 are apparently heiJ
j iiiacrewlble frr?ni pending d»ve!c?ments ia the
; meney rnaricet. United States refur.ding Z*
when issued advanced He and 3». c'.i 4s and
s £s 1 r-er cent in tfce bid price. The new 4s e>-
C ?TEW TORK STOCK LIST.
I Share* Cosing
Ec'.d. Etocks— Bid.
1.M0 Atchtscn ZJ',
I 2,M5 Atctiison preM S3 1 ,
I iC75 Baititnere & Ohio 7«»«
100 Canadian Pacific S3
1 Canada Southern 4S"-i
«U> Chesapeake & Ohio : TT^^
S» Chicago Great Western 10**
1.645 Cticago Barliaxtoa & Q-incy 1M
SM Chicago Ind 4 Iymisvtlie E4
Chicago Ind t Louisville prefi al
1 Cticaro & Eastern ininoie 9T
Ell Chicago & Xorthwestem 1»
L» Chicago P-x-k Island ft Pacific VX%
! C C C & St L-ruii 59^
Co'.crado Southern f»
¦ ....... Colcraio Scuthem l*t prefd 41^,
t » Cclorado Southern id prefd 15"'s
ICO Delaware & Hodaoo :::'-«
1 Delaware Lackavanna & Wts:ern..l..>
'¦ Den-.er 4: Rio Grarde 274
100 r*nver i Rio Graiide pre'd K
Erie :. 11
490 Erie 1st prefd £4
:* Great Xcrthera rrefd _..li.*
I 150 Hocking Coal "... 13"i
• Hacking Valley J4
»4 Illinois Central 113
317 Iowa Central K
4S5 Iowa Central petti 4$4
Kinsss City Pittsrurg & Gulf 1*
L»ke Erie & Western :«"-^
Li« Erie &. Western FreM SO
Lake Ebon no
1W LmiisviHe t NaahrUte 75
1340 Mar-ha-.tan L -, 904
3.S5.J M»tropo:itan Street Railway 154U
l*j Mexican Cer.tral iT-«
5C9 Minn & ?t Lcui« 534
I Minn & St Louis preM 92
K0 Missouri Pacific 563
i Mobile A Ofeio 3»U
Missouri K = r.-a* £: Texa* S^j
€C-> Siiss-Duri Kir,w« 4 Texas prefd 31
&"*> New Jersey Central 134
W> New Tcrk Central U)
t~Z Xorfolk 6l Western ZX\
1» Norfolk & W«t«ra pr-fd TT
1,6>X» Xortherr. FaciSc ;i
"Efl Northern Pacific prefd 714
433 Ontario & Western
<~T*-g---Ti Railway A Xav 42
Oregon RaUwar & Xav j-reM TS
£.« Pennsyi\-ar^a IS'i
W P.eaiJing :;
2,^53 P.eadfng 1st rrefl «>
10« Reading Ji prefd 2S%i
. Rio Gnnd« tVestera Z$'~m
. Rio Grande Western rre*d....- JO
St Lcuis & San Fran r-i
; St Louis 4 San Fraa l«t prefd C7 " I
I tt Louis & San Fran ii prefd 2J-.
l?0 St Locis S-Dutawesterrs »
~'A Ft Louis £outii»-e«tern prefd yt :
St Paul HI
' Et Paul jrrefd rx*
St Paul & Omaha 120
, I€.l?3 Southern Pacinc 335^
T'ifi Eoutfcem Railway m,
1.345 Southern Railway prefd 51 v.
UP Texas & Pacific . -5
; 11.74* Union Pacific 5*
USU t'nioa Paciac prefd riv
' "VTaba*h -Cli
KB "Wabash prefd 13:-
I Wheeling & Lake Erie j»
! & Lake Erie ZA prefd ZT*
< 'Wtscccsin Central u
r?C Tr ; lr»l Avenue .. 2X1
Express Companies—
i Adams ijo
i American 153
i United States 45 ,
f Weils Fargo i£3
Mlfc*ilane->us —
153 American Cttlra Oil 3414 ;
: Arrer-.car. '^cttsa Oil prefd SS4
American Malting 31- !
! American Malting prefd » 19 i
T3O Aratrlcan Smelting * Refining- 3T - -j
A= Pmeiting A Refining prefd S*4 ;
i Anerlcaa Sr'-riu 14 j
j American Bptrita prefd , 17 !
1.5*» American ?teel Hoop ir'i ¦
>•« A— erican f^r-e! Her? pr»fd Tl
; 5.4S; Anxerican fteel lc Wire MU '
442 Aiaericaa St*el * Wire prefd 74
X.79S Ameriran Tin Plate "C\ \
American Tin Plate rrefi 7*;
I. 4.550 An=eriea= Tobacco M*i ¦
i American Tr<hao?o crefd 1*3 i
1.73S Ana«r.<la Mininc Co ii
! t.:7) Bro.>kl?-a Ri-rid Transit M«~
UN CtiBr*6» Fu<! A Ircn U*, ,
l.::3 Continental Tobacco M*» I
110 Continental Tcfcacco prefd TS 1 ,*. !
I Z.Z1Z Federal ?t~! 34*
i^O Federal F:<h>! rrefd «7U
j General Electric it) I
IT» r;j-jro»e Susar £3 !
! Gl-.icr** Pucar prefd s<»S f
100 Iaterr.ationai Paper a
ZM Intexnaxtanmi Paper prefd <w«i !
! Laclede Gas 73 [
i Xational Kiscuit JO j
' Xatt^noJ B!»cuit prefd *2 |
National Lfad 13V !
' Nattc-nal L^ad prefd H I
L5i0 N'atlenat Bud Jfii; I
: Xaticrjl Sttel prefd M j
2fl New York Air Brake 1S« i
TA North American 15*» i
Pacific Coa*t S£4 !
Pacific Ccart l«t prefd S3 j
Pacific Coan Id prefd «24 t
l.«4 Pacific Mail ZZ\ •
500 Pecj>le"» Gj« ys ,
100 Pressed Ste*I Car C\i :
Pr*s*e-i Sr»*l Car prefd 73 ;
i Pullman Pala*-* Car 1S14 ¦
I Pter<isrd Rcr«- t Twine S
:«_«» 5ygar 13S*4
1-4 Sugar j-r-fd 11S4 '
S^C4 T»r.n**see Coal & Iron 71 i
13.3C United ?tates Leather 114 :
; l.lia Ur.ite-1 Ftates Leather «>4 j
fntted States Rubber 24*, ¦
! Ur.tted s?tat»s Rubber rrefd £4H •'
119 Western Union 7t»\
OS P.epob:!c Ircn lc Steel Co ir4 '
1 aeasbOc Itot! & gteel Co pre-fd 54 :
; P C C &. St Lou!« ST j
144.^0 Shares *-,;-i.
CLOSING BONDS.
C P r-f ;* when la- , M. K A T Inds.... «5S 1
»ue<J. reg 104 j Do 4s r-lV, |
: I>o <~5op ir,4 !n y Cent Ists KM !
*- S 2t. reg iflo X J C gen is 13 [
Do :s. ret IflSHlKor Fac :s *4 \
Do .«. coup l!!»V Do 4* 1*4*4
»O new 4-. reg-.lK^X T. C * St L 4a. IX4 !
no Btw 4s coup.l2JS Nor * W eon 4e.. *TS :
Do Cid 4«. reg....U3i, Cr Xav 1st* 107 t
Do <•;; 4s. cosp..n>4' IV» 4« K2V {
Do fp. re? lir-;;Or S Une ccn 5s. .111 \
yp° Z *-J e 7 ap u *'-*-- r>o «* 13*L\
r>irt of Cot 1.5^. ..izz iReai Ren 4s %»\» ',
Atch gen 4s »!'¦; R G %Ve« lsta ... 3T4 '¦
r>5 »«J *»- K4SL4IMcen Is.U0' j
Cat. mo Sr.dj ICTVFt i.iST tea €*.!=: I
Che. & Ohio 44s.. «', St Paul cons 1954 t
---i V\ St P. «' fc P st»....U«s, j
CiN ecn Ts 141 • Do Sm .. . . n*ii i
C & X S F deb 5&i;i c^ p^ 4, " n '
Chi T»rra 4t iT.4 So Ry to .'-MMi I
Colo So 1 4s. »j S R & Twine 6«... t;v, I
I>en * R G Uts....i^2 s Tex *c Pac l-ts....lllH *
I>o. «* »TS: Do iads 5j [
Erie Gea 4s «4ifnl«a Pacific 4s. .1034
7 "W tc. D C Uts.. n IWatMb Isj .... H« l
Gen Elect Ss 1174 Do *n£, j^m j
Iowa Cent lits 113 W^t Shore 4s ... '!• 1
K r. p *. O ists.. tih vrts Crtit lets «i !
L ii. X calaed 4i.. SSH Va Centuriea 90 :
MINING STOCKS.
Caollar MiOntaxio « <>-, i
Crown Point IJOphir c i
Con Cal & Va . 1 ClPiymocth 10 ¦'
Peadwood «'Qulck«nver ijijl
Goald * Ctrry » Do prefd « » f
Hale A Xorcros. IS fierra Nevada tS \
HensestaJu SB Ca Standard 4 & <•
Iron Sliver 53 Union Con j7 !
Mexican U Tellow Jacket .... t* )
BOSTON STOCKS AXD BOXD3
Money— .West End .^. fjti
Call loans !«3 j Westlnga . Elec 4« * !
Ti.—e ioaxs lS< Dcr.d* —
Stocks— (Atchieoo it ..Rfl
XTaStTi « j N E Gas * Cake Is «SH
Do r>refd O4; ifJnicg Sliares —
.Anseriean 6«*ar..-JK%» I Adventure -a
Do prefd Uf^'Alloaea Mis Co.... X
NEW YORK. July II.— The Financier says
this week: The statement of the Xew York
clearing bents for the week endlnjr July II is
again at variance with the presumably accurate
estimate cf the week's trade and speculative
operation' Instead cf a rr.od»rate rain in sur
plus there was a violent rise of H.m.773 in re
serve, brir.ginj: the total excess above legal re
quirements to C4.tSl.900. the hig-hest figure
reached «ir.ce last February- This Is In distinct
contrast witn the movement of money at this
season la past years, but when the statement
is subjected to detailed analysis the reneral to
ta!» are made clear. The Xatiocal City Bank.
for instance, reports a gain ia specie for the
we?k 0! no less than S3.0CP.C00 and as the cash
held bv all the banks are only about three and
three-quarter millions, it Is clear that the re-
Si-r\e haidir.ss cf the other institutions are at
least four millions less than a week ago. The
changes in the other leading items can be
trae*d to the same source, so that while the
Statement remains illogical. frr;ai a tra.de stand
point, soce &f its puzziing features are cieart-i
\ip. In view cf the facts stated, tt ts idle to
discs?* the influence of the exhibit in- the gen
eral money market- In a rec<rral seose the de
crease ir< loans was not unexpected, as the gold
exports do not figure fully in the averages, the
inferer.ee is that the banks do not held the
arscunt of reserve Indicated. While the market
for loans is easy there is a general tendency
trv bold for higher quotations and prediction*
are not wanting that rates will go higher be
fore September. Tne interior is stiH sending
money to the*? center*, and the sain from the
PaciSe Coast m&y continue indefinitely. Part
Of this goll may ra to Europe, altho-igrh the
r-r«s«-t movement la belnc sustained en the
clcsest mania of profit, a fact that is not
escaping attention is the expansion la national
bar.k circulation in Xew Yerk City. The sain
!a»t week wa* nearly three-quarters of a tr.il
licn aroJ th* larger banks arpear to favcr teav->
addition*.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July r. -To-day* • statement
of tne Treasury balances shows: AvaJlat>
cash ba-ance. JI5£.SS*\S7«; fcld. J79,9":a,6^.
Export of Specie.
XEW TORK. July IT— The experts of pcld
ar.d silver frora this port to all countries for
this Ttfk argrejeate tM?.S15 in silver bars ar.3
ccln and C.1^,954 %chi. The imports were 5245.
0 gold end Jl"£,» silver.
I Associated Banks' Statement.
Silver cbcui ike same. Mexican dollars very dull
Wheat end Barley doing better again. .% j
The Government still buying Oats. \ g '*
Com end Rye as previously quoted.
'AH good Hay in the State nozv ozir.ed by the city merchants.
Feedstuff s stand as before.
Potatoes very cheap, tvith signs of being still clteaper.
Onions steady. Vegetables plentiful.
Butter and Eggs firm and Cheese weak
Fresh end dried fruits about the same. ' "'
Provisions dull at the established prices.
Meat market well supplied and unchanged.
SIWDIARY OF THE MARKETS.
Ajnerteaa Tel ....145 ,Amal Ccrper S74
Boston & Maine 153 I Atlantic TS
Chi Bur i- Q lT«SfBoston & Moat....3C3
Domimcn Coei .... 2S-i!Butte & Boston.... «4'-4
Federal Steel 34W; Calumet & Hecla..7«
rvj srefd «4 Centennial 1«\
ritchburs prefd ..135=»i Franklin lZ^.
<-.en Electric 11D -Humbcldt -. S
Do rrefd 127 jbsceola ....I €«'i
Mexican Cent .... ir;! Parrot 41H
Vichlffan Tel ST>» : Santa Fe Copper ... 5
E Gai & Coke 1«H i Tamarack 1S3
Old Colony r:$ jtJtaJl Mining- IS4
Old Dominion l» iWtcona I's
Union Paclic 57T m . Wolverines ZS
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Sar^riay. July H.
St=r Colca. lUziizzzz. » <Uj* :: aocrs frca
Stmr CorfeL'a HeaiS. Edwards, fron sea, <ra
acrocnt cf t«lna: *l»rt of ra»I-
Stmr Umatilia. Cousins. i3 hcurs fnta TU-
Urta.
Star Xatiiaai City. Dettserx 1* hours frea
Fort Bract
Stiar Wui'.Kiir. GUboy. M hoiir* Srcra X»
£t=r Wiitssbero, Olsea. 43 tssrs Jrt=i P^rt
Lrs Anreles. •
Stmr Rival. Jchnsaa. 13 hcur» from Ujal.
Strnr »<¦-»¦¦»»- ifartin. 9 hours £rc=i N»rfl»
RocJc
Br itar WeUirzt^a. Sii=«i S3 tnzn fr=n
Ccsox.
Ship Spartaa. Polite. 13 days Srcta S»att>.
Bkta Areaer. Calioan. rS day* truaa Hosolsla.
Soiir J ETPtny-r. £ii;j«r. *5 hours ircss
Stewartj Poiat.
CLEAP.Zr>.
Sarrrday. Js!y It
St=- Scat* of California. Parsons. Astcrt*;
Gcodall. Peralaa. * Co.
St=r Orizaba. Shea. Esrei*; Gocda'.% P»r
fci c Cb. T% _^ j, .
Stnsr Coo* Bay. Xar»sder. Eaa Pedro: Gocci
aH. Perkins & Co.
Srrnr Homer. Docaiiscra. XTaaiiaii; X^rti
Atssrlcaa Cx=erc;al Co.
Star Saa Mitec. Fl*::i?r. yaisr Pi^.i3
I=? Co.
Br sirs Blaskhraea. Graha=!. Qaee=3towa;
Gsrrta * Erre-
Bark Mar.ta- r^'ls. if^Alnrra. HUa; Welra
» r*n_ *
Schr Crartsa. Wailstrit. U=e»: ilrC^Hara
j*-.* r_~r and Traiina" Co.
g <TT.r-r»
SatTiriay. Jaly C
etur <3«o LewtriJ. Brtiy^tt. Venrar*.
St=r Crtscen: City. St^kSeti. Crr^cen: dry.
Stiar Homer. Dcnaidsoa. ""-.i i.-<v.
Ship A J Fuller, twncct. Seattle.
Schr Joseph aad Hesry. Rxsnauaa-n. C>riiT.a
River.
DISASTER.
Tbe pilot toat Dcnita was strsck ">n the pert
charter at »:3O p m. Jaly by a wh*I* < m.>*
5E of the Firallrce^ and sunk July n at ZiZi
a 13 la 15 fathoms of wat*r. Crew a!l sa.T»i.
U:s.rELLA.VEOUS.
SEATTLE. July 11— Bktn ;.- • » D. sh^rt ef
w>ur. wtnt a*roarHl Jurve il ca Urur=*i
Tsland. FTve ra«*»^s?r» arrtT-d %t Nom» J-aly
7 and reverted five rs53*n?er» left ca t>.e island
aad six =ea lert tin Ju:» 3 f?r X:=j la a
iiEiroR-vxrjtrsi.
Per Cordelia HeaH— KetTim t-» r>>rt ca a<v
co'jEt of. tie alow speed cf s:n*.r *ni li* crr»
r»ftM:2? ta ccntlnse further ca v-jyajs.
HEiion-\XDC3x.
Pe— Ger barlt J C PC^ier— S*::~l froTn 5*n
Fraafisco Ja!y 11 wi«a srr-»n^ N^V wisfi On
July 1; about 1M niiie* SiW cf San Fra-.ri.^j
wa* struck by a whirlwind ar-1 t= * f'T «*
cn-ls t^e niaLa tcrnsast. maia trpsallant mast.
.¦¦-*-.- rra*c »-•! rr.'Tzrn torraaii w«ra earned
away. The main t=«si iinke la tiree- pf«ce».
lan-iir.? ca i?--ic. with, the ssain yar-i Knasilrsj
(Ti beats and sk:ds. RfffBiMitrt cf wreckiic*
was alongside with a very h»avy sea rennin?
ai-»n£5id«- It was i hours before the wrecka*-*
wa» cleare-i xr?. Kert tbe bartt away o '*-«¦>
her frcra r-^S'.nc tn ts-? trough of th- s«a. Af.rr
dttttSZ wr»cia«e t*rr.z a sew fire sail aad
• haped a o srs« for th* ccast t-> rear h the near
est pert. >!-i -t P-slnt Conception "July 13, and
•an*d in a: a a w^iii s^srsals »et ror asst*t
ance. Also v*ise<l Gaviota about S s> =? »*=•.»
day and set aisrjjla. bt:t they were not heeded.
Tfc-w wb-n withLn 15 miles of Sasta Barbara
July 1» was takea la tow by stmr Greenwood
«n-i towed into pert. arrtr«=« there at S a si
J-aiy 15- Wu taken la tow »>•»• tu* Relief a: i
a n; Ja^r V> and broeffht to 5aa Francisro> fsr
r-rairs.
TELEGR-\PinC.
POIXT LOPO5. JoTr B. K r =— Weather
cloudy; wind S"»V. Telocity 1* dilea.
DOMESTIC POKTS.
PTiRT TOWXSEN'D^Passed July Zl— Br si:?
Isberb^m. frca Wtarta. for Tacr.-sa.
Arrived July a— Bark Bi? B-3r.ar.2a. trycx
Honolulu : «cbr Volant*, frjim Xcc.e.
SEATTLE— A rriTed Jafy T— Str-r Qrieerj.
frr-ta Alaska: U S *tn:r Rcserrans. fr>TT! N:--.
failed July Zt-Suzra Dirtso ar.d Fara^:2. fcr
!?kasr"a«rv.
NOME — Arrived July S^ — Si=r J'»r.?. frcni
"" NEAH BAT-Passed July H— St=r Mattea
wa- teBM Ju!7 17. f:r Tarcma.
IVERSEXS LAXDIXG— Sai:»-I July r~ 3c=T
Ocean Suray. f"<r San Pranc-sco.
COOS BAT— Sailed Ja!y rt— Schr^ Ja=e» A
Garield. E*isy Rawe aad Chas E FaHt. ix
San Franci?ct>. _
CASPAR-=ailed Jc!y n-*tnir Ceon*. far
San FVanctsco- ¦_-*. ~ m «___*lr ¦ '"-
EUREKA— Arrived July 2.— Strr.r Eureka, hnc
Jn!- 1>
SiHe.! Ju!y r— St=r Greenwscd. fcr Saa
FranMsco.
P v.V VBGKQJJJ «i»» w-Nk' «hr-T.i
FORT KOSS— Sailed July il— Schr ilary C.
far 5an Francisco.
S.\N CIEGO— Arrived July r— Er stnsr Robert
\dasi*ns«. frr?m Xanalnsoi.
ASTORIA— Sailed July E— Br bark Llsr!a
'Br". tcT Qoe«»irf?wa.
GR.ITS HARDOK- Sailed July 13— ?chr Rc-y
Straers. for Saa Fraaciaco. Jaty »-Schr Traa
rtt for fan Frasctsco; sc!:r Q^reo. far Saa
Fraaci**"**-
Arrived July »— Schr Jchn T 3tU>r. he»-*
Ju'y ? Ju!-r Zl — .-aor JTewbirc hence Ju!y IT.
VEXTl'RA- tailed July tV-Stxar Pasa-iena.
for Eureka. r0HnJG:c pojvrg
LIVERPOOI^-ArriTed July »— Er ah!» P»
len*. hence itirclv S.
KOXGKOXG— Arrived July 4— Br ¦tBV Goc-J
wia free; Tamrta.
IQrkiUE— Arrived Ju!y «— C?r «ii? D H
WatJ-n. frcra Port Taibot-
LIZARD— Passed July r»— <r »hlj> Es!ea
fz — h tnrr. Hull, for Saa Frarwtscr*.
C.VRDIFF-ArrlTecl July r>-Or shi? CiJJ«.
frnra Orer^a.
SHIELDS— Saile-3 July IS— Br ship Austra
lia, frrr San FTarMH»c*>. . _
MAZATI*AJ» — Amwd Juty I — <-rer bari Phil-
U-> X»'*aa, from Glasjow.
SANTA RGSAUA-Ia p<rt Ju!y I?-Br sit?
Levembank. dlscharilas: Er shr? Ardna=uy
rhaa. Icr Frairr Rrr»r: Br sai» Pert Caledonia.
foT Orepca <*r Tacnos*; Ger s^ip Onf?>. froci
Xewcastle. r-z.ir. I. scar Defiaac?. frasa Cowl-
GUATMA3 — Arrived July 17 — Ger fcari
Planet, from Haicbcrr. _ -> . '
XA.VAIM'""- Arr!v»-» July rs — 3t=r If . = ••-.*.
fr»-i3 Port Lo» Asielr..
Saileti July O— Staa iLne^la. f:r Port Lea
AEri1 ' 3 ' oceax STEAirrns.
(jnXSSTOVTX — Arrt-»eil Juiy S>— ?t=rr Cara
paaia. frcia Xew Tcrk. far Liverpoct. and pro-
SaV.ed -u!y TL— 5t=r Wa'aland. f:r PhJ!ai»!-
KAVEE-5»iIrf July E— St=r L'ATS'-tala*.
far Xew T^r*.
\*EW YORK— Sailed JuTr S— ?£=.- ilasUtos.
fcr London: »t=ar f^r Rttteriaa:
statr Ethiopia. f;r Glasarow: rt:rr Pretorta. for
Hiinbar*: «u»r S«rrta. fcr Ltverpoot; sta^r
Ii— ia. for C**>«fcaa-*a-
UAitBVnG— Arrived July n— Sr=r Columbia.
fr<-ta Kc»Tf,'L
UVE31POOL- 3ai!eJ Jc!y E— Starr Carhrla.
1st Xew Tark.
AXTWERP- Safl-d Ju^- S— St=sr Kenstnataa.
for Xew York.
GENOA— Sailed Ju!y D-Statr W>m. tzs
Xew Tork. *
CRIsRAXE— Arrlred Jn!y S— Star- TVirrt
aot*. from Vancouver. B C. vt* Uosc^iia. for
Sydney.
- Sailed Julr a— St*=r Acrar.y!. fcr S7da«r.
frcra HrnohJia arai Vaacocver. 3 C.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived i,riar ts> J^y S— 3r=rr»
Carlisle City, front Saa Fraactsco and Parr
land, tsr Kocwkonx: sttsr DorJe. frost Saa
Franc!**. vU Hcao!a!a. for Hc=;rteJC?.
HOXGKOXG— Arrtreti prior to J-i!y H— «rs=-
Chin*, rroai Saa Francisco, rta Hoo3>(atxi aad,
Yok^naaj*: atcsr Ilsani! Mara, from 3-eattte.
via Yokes&sa. tar Masila.
Skipping Intelligence.
SxeiJ white U^hta w'Ul be showa frora eaca
wammttmm*.
la case cf f?c durias this aoias per*_>2 a
bell wUl te r^Ti? by hani
This notice a-T^ta t>.* "L^t flf LJ?hts ari3
Fec-Sijaaia, Pacific Coa.«t. !>*.•• p*x« It Sa.
S. and the "List cf Beaccna anrj Buovs. FaciAa
Coa*t. 130«?," paye J-».
B7 order of the L: 5 ht!sctts# B?ar4.
U. SERREE. Ccsis^ZKler. C. 3. JT.
Iasp«ctar Twelfta District.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec
Opening * 14 9 14
Closing - S 11% 6 IT
PARIS.
Wheat— Ja'7- Sept.-Dec
Opening 13 S3 ?) 53
Closing 13 CO » S3
Flour —
Opening 3 SO V. n
ciosicj is es rr sj
Chicago Livestock Market.-
CHICAGO. July tl.— CATTLE— Receipts. ICC;
nominally steaiy. Xatlves: Good to prime
steers, Jofii S5; poor to mediant, H 40!g5: se
lected feeders. %i 4C'g4 73: mixed stackers. $3 S
61 SO; cows. 13-S4 50; beifers, strong fcr best.
J3 15; canners. H'S- S5: l-ulls, $3G4 S3; calves,
H 3C-5S 5. Texacs: Texas fed sieers, $4
Texas grass steers. $3 SQ4 15; Texas bails,
t: Z&33 73.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 9DC0; Monday. S3. W0
estimated; left over. KM; opened strong, 5 to
10c higher, clcsed easier, tap, $3 2S; miied and
tutchers li 05^5 35: good to choice heavy, J5 13
CjSS: rough heavy. $* 55^3 €4; light, $5 10Q
i ZZ: bulk cf sales, $3 lO-gi 3C
SHEEP— Receipts. 500; Sheep and Larr.ts
steady. Goc<l to choice Wether?. $4f?4 13; fair
to choice mixed. J2g3 «: V.'estem Sheep. $i&
4 S; Texas Sheep. $2.-g4: native Lambs, i^H
5 79; 'U'eatem Lambs. WgS 50.
New York Cotton Market.
XETV TORS. Jaly Tl. — The market far cottcn
futures opened quiet with prices unchanged to
three pclnts lower and with speculation totally
lacking. Following the call demand from
ehorts cau-ed prices to advance <;ul:e sharply,
though business ccnttsued to bans nre. Fu
tures closed very steady, with a net advance of
nine to twelve points.
London Market.
LONDON. July II.— Silver. SHd. French
Rentes. S?r 7T4c. Cargoes en passage, firmer
:en<ieco-: English country markets, <rtilet.
LIVERPOOL. July 21.— WHEAT— Firm; Xo.
1 Standard CaU'crr.ia. i3 I4dO«a 3d; wh*>at In
Paris, steady; Sour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON- Uplands. 5 Z5-3Z&.
CLOSING
LIVEF.POOL. Jaly M.— WHEAT-Spot, firm
No. S Xerthern Spring, 6s 3d; Xo. 1 California,
6s ri5Ss Zd. F\jtnres — Finn: July, nominal
September. Ss H-l; December, is IHd.
CORN— Spot firm; American mixed new, 2s
lC»id: do oiJ. :s lid. Future*— Steady; Septem
ber. 3s U»»d: November. 3s ll"»d.
LONDON'. July n. — To-day was a holiday ca
the Stock Exchanee here. Bar silver, steady,
:S'-.d per ounce, ilcsey, -423 per cent.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. July ri.-CI-erlrrs, nM,er;
ta!ances. jn.S:S.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
FORTLANP. Ju'.y U. — WHEAT — tValla
¦n'alla. sTc; Valley. 59c; Blaestem. 535S0c.
Cleared— Steam«Wp Braemer for Hon?kang
and way pcrts. UJXB t-arr»li*Cour »&i liOO tons
beer, hay acd m;«cellanei3us carro.
TTASH1XGTOX
TACOMA. Jaly EL— Xo change la the leca!
wheat market.
On the Produce Excharje to-daj- tas Buttet
zaarket was fina. Creameries, 13@lSc; Dairy.
14glTc Cheese. Qat-t. >K61fi&A Esks. firm;
fresi. lie
Artldes — Receipts. Shipments.
Flosr. barrels »,&» 1X000
¦Wheat, bushels S3.<»} «3.0>»
Cora bushels 3S7.CQO B1.00C
Oats, bushels 1SS.QW . r».*»
Rye. bushels 5.*» i.o«
Barley. bashelJ 6.000 12.0CO
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables. I
Potatoes are cheap enoeirn now. tut dealers
say they are likely to be still cheaper, aa ta«
product this year i3 lars». A car of Salinas
Burbanks has been received, sellln? at S5c per
ctl. Red Onions are nsatlaal, having about
disappeared". Yellow are steady.
There is nothing ne-ar ta Vegetables.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 50c: Xew Ear!y
Rose. 256 3Cc: Xew Burbaaks, »g^> per ctL
OXIOXS— Yellow. Jlg^l 13 per cU.
¦VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 60c€Jl per_saek:
73cC- Jl per crate fcr Berkeley and liSl •» fcr
Alaitieda: Asparagus. 73c £53 r«r box; Greea
Peas. ri€lo per Ib; Strlsff Beans. lS+c; Lisas.
S€«: Cabbaye. 4.:*30c; Toniatc^s. Rivers. S3c©
*X C; Bay. ; Eg? Plant. Si>e75c per box;
Gre-a Okra. 7fSc; Green Peppers. 4>S5)c per
box for Chill and S0g75c fcr Bell; Dried Pep
pers, SfrlOe: Carrcts. 3S5e per sack: Summer
Squash. 3&g«te for Alameda: Cucumbers, 55O
Kc for Alameda: Pickles. S^SOc; Garlic tg3c
t-er !b; Marrowfat SQuash. JCglj per ton.
Pculirx and Game.
The market was dull and nominal as uxsal
on Saturday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. J3Hc fcr Gobblers
and WSXP+c for Herj; Geese, per pair. & 25:
CotKaeHi U Z.91 M; Ducks, *3©4 50 for old and
J3 i>6i for ycunr: Hena. 13 I->g3 30; Young
Rocsters, Jl 5C3«; Old Roosters. J3 5ftg«: Fryers.
K8Z W: BroUers, C 7i€3 for larpe aad n SO©
I 30 for iraall: Ptrecns. n 23€1 SO per doxea fcr
c!d a»i Jl SSI 5« for Squabs.
GAilE^ — Doves, 50c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Cheese is la larger supply and weak and
the tendency Is to sell. Butter asd Erss rule
firm at the recent advance, with light supplies
of fanr-y. ileiium trades are slew.
BUTTER—
Crparsery— Faacy Creamery, 134gMc; sec
oz<\f, ISglJc.
Dairy— Fancy, 17Sllc; rt;cd to choice, 1346
1S*«5; corr.mcn. 14S13c.
CHEKE-.N'*. M?9c: Tcan? Atn-rica. S^iC
XOc: Eastern. I341il44e; Western. Kgl2: per It.
EGGS— Quoted at itglSc for store and 174O
nc per dozea f:r raccS; Eastern, 14gl7c
Deciduous and Citrus Fniits.
Very few gzod Arriccts are eeen new and
the pocr ones coming in are cot The
seascs will seen be over. Good Peaches are
firm and la des-.a^d. Bartlett Peara are la
rood supply acd all arrivals da sot e'eaa cp.
Xectajrines coctinue scaxx^. Receipts cf Piuaas
continue to dwlaile, but prices do not change
mock Melons are fairly iteady. Grapes are
slew cf sale. Berries continue cheap.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS — Z^QS&c per box and crate; and
JIO^IS per tea to the canenrs.
APPLES— rscgtt for large boxes; GraTes
stein?. 51^1 2~>: Crabapples. IlgjOc per saall
box and LC'QTSc per larse box.
PEAKS — Bartlelts. CSCc in boxes and JUS
Tt per ton in talk.
PLUilS— JMJJjc per bcx and crate, and Kg23c
per basket: tn bulk. J1>S15 per ten: Pruaes.
K8»c per crat? acd SSVJc per basket.
STR-iWEERRIES-C ZtyQZ ZO per chest for
large ami i2*zl for small berries.
P..\SPBEIlRlE*-$3$7 r«r chest.
BLACKiJEP.RIES-C-g* cer chest.
LOGAX BERRIES— JiSS per chest.
CURRANTS— IT-g 4 cer chest-
HUCKL.EBERP.IE5— «€Sc per Ib.
FIGS— Per t-^x. OQ*t for single and SMJU
for double layers.
XECTAEIXES— TThlte. 3&S34e per box; red,
50C6J1.
PEACHES— S0<g5f-<; per bcx and SS40C per
basket: in bulk. SlSg3 r<r tor.; Sawyer's See-i
linzs. Tic r«r basket.
GRAPES— From Ariroaa. C2! 23 per crate
for white an.1 ZZ^Tic for fclacli: Fontain»bleati.
front Vpcarille. C3S73c per crate; iluszats, from
Prrten"it!e. 75c per crate.
MELONS— Nutmegs. »5c5J2 per case; cas
talsur-ea. CS3 per crate; Watennelciis, from
Fresno, Tl*g3) r*r 100.
CITP.US FRUITS— Valencia*. Jl SCQtZ: Lera
ons, S'-fll U> fcr con^rtca and K9 3 50 fcr irsod
to choice; Mexican Limes. J3-(j3 ;•?: B&naaas.
75c^C i0 per bunch; Pinearplss. II iC«S3 54 per
Dried Fruits, Ak/j and Raisins
Tb»r« is nothing EeT.*^ There is a fair de
( mand fcr the rew output at steady quotations,
j It !s reverted that packer? are bi:ck;a? criers
I fcr ne-x Prunes. «-Jt'ect' to the prices to be
I Jlxe-l by the Cured Fruit Associatlor. later on.
DRIED FRtTlTS — Old Crop— Prus-s. nom
i lsal-cleatie.i vp. Erapcrated Arrles. 54©6c;
» isa-drled, Sg4c per lb: E!ack Flga. l\{j*c;
! White Fits. iS3c: Bleached P!u=s. r-»c: Un
! tleached Plu=a. «c £cr citted Bad IVic lor nn
» pitted.
t NEW CROP — Arriects. «374c per Ib;
i Peaches. s^?c here ;. Pears. 537c; Pltins. pitted.
RAISINS — Beached Ths^^ons fancr. per
' lb 1»C" choice. *c: standard. Sc; prime, ie; un
! bleached Thocrsc-a's. p»r Ib. 6c. Sultacas—
' Far.cy. r<r ib - -^ c: chcl £*- ;i : c : standard. «4c;
! trl~e. i>c: unbleache-i Bnlt»K«». 5c: 5eedie«s.
i 54-lt> boxes. Sc: 2-crow-n..Jo.>*e Mu-catels, S 1^:;
> J-crj-ira. r^tc; 4-crown, Tc: London Layers. ;
' crown. JI :3 P" »c x ." 1-crown. n S3. Fancy
i Clusters, P; Dehesa. JI 50: Isrertal. ». All
I f.rice* are f. o. b. at co==i-a «hirplsj pclat*
' ta CaHftrrr-la.
KUTS — Walnuts. *CSc for Statalarfs a=<! SO
» ! 10c tcr rorishells; new Alznonda. ir-?Qllc for
i papershell. 54§^**c fcr soft and fcr hard
{ tbell. Peasats. $**ti5»»c for Eastern and 5c fir
! Caiitomia: Brazil Xuts. 7U-§S<r: Filberts. 12Q
¦ ir~~e: I'eea.ns. 11912c: Cc-coacuts. SS &VEZ.
I1ONET— Ccir.b. lZ'-.^lic tor brirfct and 119
I 12c for I'.ght amber; water white. 7\tf74c; light
i arsb»T extracted. «\87c; dark, Jc ?er ib.
BEESWAX-:4g:8c per lb.
Provisions
B-.il!r»ss still characterizes this carket aal
fjur.tatlons show no chanse.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. l^I»Hc p»r I» for
teary. l3»»eU4c for Usht nsedlusi. U%c for
light. I24c fcr extra iisht and U4c fcr >urar
ctired. Eastern «u|rar-cure<t Hams. lTgUc:
M«> Bee*. SIZ P*r btl: ext^a Mess. t!3: Faat
il>. iU: extra Prime Pork. SU: extra clear. J13;
Mefs. $15 SO: Sacked Beef, lT^gUc per la.
LARD— Tlsrcea Quoted a: 7c p*r lb for ccn
pcur.d and $4c -or pare: half-barrels, p-v^e.
bHc: l»-lb trns. 91»c: 5-lb tins. frHc
COTTOLEXE— One-hair tarrel. fHe; thre«
half-barrels. SHc; oae tierce. SJ»c; two tierces,
SV-c; 2 v e tierces. S\c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hots.
HIDES AXD SK1X3— Calls a=i bra^Ji sell
aboct lc order qactatioss. Heavy Salted
Steer*. S'-ic: nsediurru 3*~r: ll^ht. SHc; Cow
hlies. S4c; Stars. *e; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf. 9c:
Dry Hides. *ocnd. 15c: culls and brands 13e-
Dry Kip. 15^: Pr? Caif. UfilSc: Sheepskins.
Shearlings. 2?<83!y? each; short > Wool. SVSZflc
each: medium. «(>geoc; long TTool. 9Oc€Jl 10
each: Horre Hides, salt. C5? Zi fcr lart-. « 75
fw Kedtum. $1 for »sall and £0c for co!ts-
Herse Hides, dry. Jl tor larye. Ji 5 f cr ras
dtum. 11 fcr small an3 25-fiMc fnr celts. Deer
skins — Summer or red siins. 35e: fail or m«
d'um sktrss. JOc: winter or tain skins, tic Goat
skins— rriire Ar.pcras. .jc; large and ssiocth.
50c: medium. We
T4.LiX)W— Xo. 1 rendered. 1 4c per lb; Xa. !
Sc: refined. S^ic; crease. !€:»^.
\TOOL<— Srrlnc clip Is q-jotable as follows:
Xorthern free. ifSHc: Xerthern defective. 113
14-- Middle Ccurty. free, unite; Middle Ccan
ty". defective. ir#14c: Southern Mot^itala. n
months'. 116 !Ic: Southern Mountain, free. 1
montts*. lO^l^c: Southern Moxintaln. «5erectlT
7 mentis*. StJllc: Huir.boldt and Mendodao.
1561Sc; Xevada. 13-Ji8c per Ih.
Fall Clip— Saa Joaqula Lambs'. 123c p*r la.
HOPS— Xcmlcal at sgllc per lb: new, ijguc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The sltaatlon shows no further ehanse. Arrl- I
vals of Hogs have been more liberal during: th* !
past week ani the market Is easy at the de- i
dice noted eon:* days aro.
BEEF— «<*V»c r«r ia fcr fair to choice.
VEAL— Largre. SMPc; small. SH^istic per
ponnd.
MXTTTOX— Wethers. 7461:: ewes. 7J?T4e per
pour.d.
LAMB— Sprfr*. 5465c per Ib.
PORK-Ut- Hears. «c fcr small. S\SZ^e tor
meditun «tvd S'-esSc fcr lars-: stock Hogs and
feeders, 54c; dressed Hogs, $gS4c
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Eaa Quentln Bars., ti C3: Calcutta
Grain Bag?. «H§iRic: Wool Bags. 54@3^ic;
Fleece Twine. 74c; Fruit Bags. C4@ffrie for
whit* xx>& metVo for bleached waite.
rOAI* — WelUnstoc. 13 per ton; Soatifl»!d
XVeUinston. V: Seattle. 11: Bryant. J6; Cocs
Bay. % ff. WaHsesd. 13: Co-operative Wall
s«rkd. *J: Cumberland, J1I In balk and jy n In
saciu: Penasylracia Anthracite Egg. J14. Can
r.e!. *H per ton: Coke. SIS p«r ton tn balk and
$1S is sacks; Castle Gate and Rock Sfriaj*.
JS C ver 7SW posnds.
. SUGAR— Tbe Western Susar Reanlc? C<aza-
F*ny qaotes. per It>, la 10O-It> bags: Cube«. A
Crushe.1 and Fine Crushed. tMc; Powdered.
5.S0c; Candy Granulated. 5-SOe: Dr>* Graculat*d.
S.70c; Coafecticcers' A. 6.73c; Magnolia. A. 5-Ste:
Extra C. &.?3c: Golden C &.lDc: barrela. 10c
mere: half -barrels, 3c sort: boxes. S0c more:
M-~- baps. 19c more- Xo orders taken for le«>
than 75 barrels cr Its equivalent. Dosiiass.
talt-b*rrel«. LGc; boxes. C7De.
Receipts of Produce.
SATURDAY. JULY Zh
Flocr. cr sfcs M.S3 ; TatIow. ctls ss
"Wheat, ctls i?16. Sugar. ct!s Mil
Barley, ctts S.«73-SoBar. ba?» 2,391
Oats, ctle 1.579 Leather, roll* .... <i
Cxsra. ctls SIChlcory. kes» ... 43
BeanE. »ks Tl«! Pelts, hrfta 1.553
Potatoes. sk» CSSMildea. X*.. m
Onloas. ska 51!lCheese. ctls .... ." • C
Bran, sis ©SjEutter. ctls'...., ! .4O
Middlings, sks... KlJEirrs. dozea ....8.319
¦Wool. -bate* ...... -lUiLiai*, bbls ........ Stl
i Bay. toes . ... STVWise, pals ...... 4S.4S9
Straw, toaa ....... t| ¦ - - - -'.-¦
THE STOCK MARKET.
The obU feature ca the Stock a=d Bead Ex
ehaas* was a slUat actirity la G» and Elec
tric whica »cld at mt?43 3. '
The Oceanic Steamship Cdsaasy has d«:!are<S
a dlTjderrd cf a cents s«r share, payable ca the
1st of Anraat.
The 3aa Francisco Gas a=d Electric Co=sja=y
win pay a dtrtfiead of «3 ceat* per share ca the
1st cf August.
stock; axd boxd exchaxge.
SATURDAY. July T.—Z2 m
Bid. Ask.
TT S Bonds—
4s Qoar cccj.'.HjUHJ
4s do re? tU4U«
4s do C3 new..lS3HU44
Ss qaar coup..L34UJr4
itiacella neous —
Cal-st Cab is..n»4 —
C C Wat-r Ss..lCo\lXH
EdL&P «s:.l^»i — '
F & Cl Rr <a..lii —
Geary-st R Ss. — 59
H C 4 S 5U«. — —
Do i» T..191 IK
L A Ry is....l>4"i —
L A Lt Co Ss. — —
Do cntd €a.. — —
L. A KBtd 5s.. .ICO —
I> A P R R U. — VU.%
Mark?t-st «s... — li«4
Do 1st M Ss.US —
X C X G R Ts. — —
X R of Cai 6S.113 —
Do 5s 1174 —
X P C R R fej.m —
Do 5s 105 —
X Cai Ry is..iuu —
Oak G Lama-ll*^ —
Oak Traa €«.. — ES
Oak XV Co 5s.. — 184
Oceanic S Co.. — lC*i
Oa C Ry <s..n74 —
P 4 a Ry Ss.1034 —
p & o r r es.m —
Pewell-«t R to. 121 —
Sac El iGRia. 3**i —
S F i 3JV ia.HS4 —
S Ry cr Cal «s-lil —
sPcf a is-.-Uj^n: 1 *
S P C SsilSQO.lM 115*,
Do «5OO 112 —
Do fZHZ) IIS 1SH
SPRClst p:tSs. — -
I S P Br €s IS —
I S V Wi«r fa. Ill —
I Do As 1*3 104
!>? 3J ratr-l" —
Stocktn Gas is 9S4 —
Water Stacks-
Centra Costa.. «74 UK
Martn County. S3 —
Sprt^s Valley. MS —
Gas & Electric—
Ceat G LC3.. — —
Cest LiPCs 44 54
Bii-AJk.
EqnSt G L. Co. r, 4
Mutual Ei CO. — U
O G L i H... 49 »
Pas Gas I=s?.. +54 «
Pae L Co 43 44 l i
?a= teG&KCo. rr-, —
S F G & E.... *» O^i
Saa Fraselsco 4*i —
Stka GlECo!) —
laauraace —
Ftrem's Fund. =5 —
p»^fe StscSt3 —
AcySo-CaJ Ltd. Vi T>
Bank el Sal—*Si; _
Cal 3 D & T..104 1C5
Ftr«t Xatto=al.M0 SO
Lea P * A....1TJ —
Merchaats' Zx 15 —
Xev Xat nk.. — —
Savins* Banks—
Ger 3 ± L....133O —
Huaa 5 £ I*... — —
Mut Sar Bk... 43 —
3 T Sar U....5C3 —
rtv i L. «o 74 7J
S^c Sav Bi — —
Unica T Co.... — —
Street Raiircads —
California ....l^S —
Ge*ry-»t i!> —
Mark#t-«t Ry. «4 «44
OSL.Sc H.... — 47--J
Pi^aidlo — t^-i
Powder Stock»—
CaUiomta. 1»5 IC-i
Giaat Can Co. S*4 ST 1^
Vi»crtt t\ S"*
Sugar Stocks —
Ha=a 3 P Co. SH **i
Haw CJcSCo STH ii
Kjcokaa S Co — —
Hutch S P Co 1*4 —
KiLauea S P«?o US !*«»
Makewell S Co 4*»* 47
Oncrne* 3 Co. 3 K^-i
F*aauhaa S Co EH —
Miscellaneous — •
Al Pack A«3=.i:7»i —
Cal Fruit Aaaa — J3
Mer Ex Assn. 97 Yfi
Oceasle 3 Co. KH «'i
Pae A F A.... — —
Pac C Ber Oo.lM —
Par Paiat Ct>.. U —
Mor=lar 5es»ia=.
Board—
23 Hawaiian Cbcnsercla: & Sx:r»r »7 SI
73 Hosokaa S Co EW
S» Hstchinscn S. P. Co 24 SO
153 Kllaaea Scxar P. Ob 1» i>
KO Makawei! « T5
ISO Makaweli « $74
H3 ilarket-itreet Railway M CO
1» Paachaa S. P. Co Jl 3
144 S. F. Gas & Electric Go O CO
« 5. F. Gaa t Electric Co « 134
M S. F. Gas & Electric Co.. • » 0 ITj
11 S. F. Gas A Electric Co O £S
75 5. V. Water M 73
13 5. V. Water. ca«h M 75
Street —
10O Hawaiian Cocnercia! & Ssrar P r3
« Maia»«M 44 73
MINING STOCKS.
The fallowisjr were the sa'es i2 th» S*= Fns
c'.sco Stock a=d Eichary* Board yesterdar:
vMorsiiz Sessloa.
SCO Eavaffe 1Z-, 1» Standard * 13
Tfce foSowisit were th« salei 12 ths Pisi2=
Stock Board yesterday:
Mor=i=z Sessicn.
10O Caledonia, M ?» Justice 39
7*A Justice 1) ro Stasdsra *U
COSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAT. July 1Z—VZ in.
BtdJUkJ Bid.Asi.
Alpfca e? « Justice a 09
Alta <¦•< ** K»r.tack — fl
Andes 04 K Ladr "Wash — C3
Belcaer It 1« Mexican M 17
B»»t & Belcher r> 2 Occidesta! «T N
Ballioa 13 04 Ophir «T O
Cale>ion ; a M 95 Oxerniaa 11 12
Chollar M ! IT Potcst It II
Cn»llenye Con.. 13 U 5»ra«e 12 1*
CcnSder.ce ti 70 Serrplcn 52 —
Ccn Cal:& Va.l 45 I w Se? Be'.ch«r.... « «
Ccn Issperial .. — *I Sierra NeTada. J«t
Con New York. — <H Silver HU1 £• »3
Kureka Con .. — 5*? 5t Lculs 1« —
Qmn Pctnt... 12 1* Stardard — 4 23
Exchequer 51 K syndicate 07 —
G-3-jM & Curry S Union Cfca — ?1 S
Hal* & Xorcr» a 3 rtah »S> 1;
Jutia — C Yellow J»«r1i»t. JO
5"m«, Moon and Tide.
United States Ccast and Geocetis Surrey—
Times a=d Heights of Htg*» and Low
Wa:er3 at Fort Pcint. entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Publish**! ty oCBcta] au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters «nr at
the city Trent <3£lss!?ir-street *h»rf> about
twenty-Sre minutes later than at Fcrt Pctnt;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SfNDAY. JULY &
Sun rises S:"-i
Sun sets- 7£7
Mccn rises 113 » n.
NOTE — la the tbort exposition of the tides
i.he early inornirg tides are given In t!v» left
hand cctaain and the successive tides of the
(Jar la the order of occurrence as to time. Tae
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the tMrd time colTimn th* thtrf tide
and tfce last or right hand c*>!urr:n rives th»
last tide of the dsy. except when th»re are bat
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th» heights
riven are Ja addition tr» the soundings ca th»
United States Coast Surrey e=art«. except
•when a istaos sign < — > precede* tie freiriJt.
and then th» number given I« subtracted from
tb* depth sfrea by the chart*. The plane cf
reference J« the mean c* th» lower low w«t»ri«.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Time Ball. • .
Brsich HydrsgTspile Of flee.. tT. S.
chant"* ETrija5£? v Saa Fraadsco, CaL.
- July :C~l««-
Ti» time t»Jl on th>e tower of Ue =ew Ferry
fcu'kling-.was dropped at exactly noes to-day—
L'«.. at toco of tbe 120th tserliiaa. or at I
o'clock Ik es.. Greenwich tta*.
C. G. CALKINS.
U*»tt»;m3t Coigrr3»?^*y.- IT. S N 1 .. in e±*m.
A r fl/ic? to Mariners:
Sas Francisco Light- Vessel Xo. 7»—Cal!fcrsi».
Voile* i» hereby gtTea dat «nrts».t3 arrest
repairs the electric llsats ca SAN* FRANCISCO
UGHT-VESSXL - Na. » wta mt b« ihova
from -seaset ! ca \V KUXESDAT. July B. unta
sunset SUJTDAT. July If. during whica Use
Cboxed). J7 45©T 50; whisky, basis cf high
wines, Jl Kffl ~4: clever, contract trade. IS.
THE SAN FEAiN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 22, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
CALL CALENDAR.
39
Jary. BO*
— fXtrafr :iisi«! mmer
— • I line: > a ia? ¦ ] a iinr ;
S (_ (rt. I : Ft. - ; Ft. •
• }l» wj ; !H wj ji. wj
•h w:
» ¦ f - I I » ! '
2 ..( J:i:'i— ».«! S:l»i <-l! UB J.ti
3 ...I J:i^ — 0.7 10:1* 4.5! ?:Slt J.li
4 ...| J^S 1 — O.«f 10:37' 4.T! S^T! 3.e{
5 ...I 4.K—4.V Il:»i 4.»! «:l»4 2.*.-
!6 ...) S:»i— «>.«; 12::5 ! $.1! *M\ !.»*
• j
! «3 «.
I 9:4C! f.
I 9:33) «.
4 »:«! «.
¦ 11:131 5.
:.- 11 -TT. 5
t ..I 5-. t j—^.3 i;:o^: s.z, aija-i :.«•
S ...! «:Xi 0.0: 1:3' S.I. <:«' ;.;.
Ste*as«r.
D«t!saUon.
Sails.
Pier.
Or'.iit* ...fHaabotdt jjulr S. ?FiniPi*r 1
Coc3 Bay.-.iNew-port ;Ju!y 22. JiaPlrr 11
5t»t# cf Call Porti*r«! IJaly H. li imPlw 54
VX. Ar«au.tPol=t >ren3..'Jatr n. ! pra'R-r 1
G. I*}lUr...;Gray» Harbcr'July a. 5 pea'
Ohio !C«P< Xcra«...'Jaly S3. Pt?r Jl
Santa Cmr'Alask* !JuJy !4. 4psi.P1«r S
E^r-ka ;Hmat>ol£t [July Zt. UasaiPter 13
Corooa ¦S'jui L»*.#X» iJulr S*. U %oa.r-i«r 1»
Arcat* .....'Ceo* Ear |Ja!y S*. 12 ia:Pi*r U
C&uUSIa .JvjciPfftSd.'JuIy J3, ll«=iP1er J
AustnU* -JHotxlala !J=!y S. !r=:Plw J
North Fork'.Hunbohlt 'Jnly W. »»as'Ple- 3
Ceptle ;cbina*Japan;juIj M. 1 pn.PM£5
Becjt* IXewpcrt Ualy SI. lis'Pier 11
ryiNortfr.JPcrtland jJaly M. [Pier ?)
CtolarcbU ..iPortland iJaly TU il*m.'P\er 14
Abydo* 'Hiabar; [Jxxly Z7. 1> a— P;er 7
Sant^ Rcsa'Saa IMetro iJsty tt. 11 *m.'F1»r Tl
Colaa INew York tJdy 3. 1 pm'PMSS
8. j M- 1 T. I
|W.»
I*
F. s. Haoa's F^aaca.
Jj_jj tj
~T; » f»"t
15 ! 15 j 17 i
n ; a • i* I
IT; a [ c j
j~7T
¦ - i
I
:_
n
:
rj
j I ! 1 Ttr»t Ouarttr.
! ° i " ;-=w ¥W Mc-oa.
I i ! a New Unoo.
t ! r © Js^y a.
Steamer
Arcata
Ccrcna
.[Coca Bay
. ?aa Puss
— ;jai7 a
-Ja!y Ti
T
Grac* Dollar...
Warfleld
Tttanl*
Eureka.
North Fork-..-.
Fciat Ar^sa..-.
Ara-rfca il*ra..
r.-luT3t'.l ......
MieHsaw
Bonlt* ....
r>l N'orte
. * Redcn in
JOyster Kart»r
,N«=»ii3o. .,
.Hujsbolit
jHuinboldt
.!Po!nt Ar*sa
.'Cfclca and Japaa.....
'Portias*! —
.!S«*tt!e
.f New-pert
.'Portland
.-..•July =
'July a
— ;juiy a
[July a
. — !Ju:y a
.....tJaly Z\
(July 24
....July «
_... July !4
iJaly W
....;jsi7 »
Ortuiba
CsxjuIUe River..
Mi-.tta»an
Saata Rosa
Hty cf Pn#b!a..
Crescent CitT---
Curacao
Alir.^l
Cocn Bar
.iHsmtolit
JOnn Harbcr.........
. ; aocrr.i
JSan Dle^o
.'Victoria
.ICreaeest City..
.'Mexico
. I Australia.."
.'Newrwrt
. Jsly =
...-JJ3I* S
... 'July a
. 'Jcly 91
(July 51
IJuly »
"Jaly r:
..-Uaiy rr
. 'Jair II
8. j M- 1 T. I
|W.»
I*
F. s. Haoa's F^aaca.
Jj_jj tj
~T; » f»"t
15 ! 15 j 17 i
n ; a • i* I
IT; a [ c j
j~7T
¦ - i
I
:_
n
:
rj
j I ! 1 Ttr»t Ouarttr.
! ° i " ;-=w ¥W Mc-oa.
I i ! a New Unoo.
t ! r © Js^y a.
— fXtrafr :iisi«! mmer
— • I line: > a ia? ¦ ] a iinr ;
S (_ (rt. I : Ft. - ; Ft. •
• }l» wj ; !H wj ji. wj
•h w:
» ¦ f - I I » ! '
2 ..( J:i:'i— ».«! S:l»i <-l! UB J.ti
3 ...I J:i^ — 0.7 10:1* 4.5! ?:Slt J.li
4 ...| J^S 1 — O.«f 10:37' 4.T! S^T! 3.e{
5 ...I 4.K—4.V Il:»i 4.»! «:l»4 2.*.-
!6 ...) S:»i— «>.«; 12::5 ! $.1! *M\ !.»*
• j
! «3 «.
I 9:4C! f.
I 9:33) «.
4 »:«! «.
¦ 11:131 5.
:.- 11 -TT. 5
t ..I 5-. t j—^.3 i;:o^: s.z, aija-i :.«•
S ...! «:Xi 0.0: 1:3' S.I. <:«' ;.;.
Steamer
Arcata
Ccrcna
.[Coca Bay
. ?aa Puss
— ;jai7 a
-Ja!y Ti
T
Grac* Dollar...
Warfleld
Tttanl*
Eureka.
North Fork-..-.
Fciat Ar^sa..-.
Ara-rfca il*ra..
r.-luT3t'.l ......
MieHsaw
Bonlt* ....
r>l N'orte
. * Redcn in
JOyster Kart»r
,N«=»ii3o. .,
.Hujsbolit
jHuinboldt
.!Po!nt Ar*sa
.'Cfclca and Japaa.....
'Portias*! —
.!S«*tt!e
.f New-pert
.'Portland
.-..•July =
'July a
— ;juiy a
[July a
. — !Ju:y a
.....tJaly Z\
(July 24
....July «
_... July !4
iJaly W
....;jsi7 »
Ortuiba
CsxjuIUe River..
Mi-.tta»an
Saata Rosa
Hty cf Pn#b!a..
Crescent CitT---
Curacao
Alir.^l
Cocn Bar
.iHsmtolit
JOnn Harbcr.........
. ; aocrr.i
JSan Dle^o
.'Victoria
.ICreaeest City..
.'Mexico
. I Australia.."
.'Newrwrt
. Jsly =
...-JJ3I* S
... 'July a
. 'Jcly 91
(July 51
IJuly »
"Jaly r:
..-Uaiy rr
. 'Jair II
Ste*as«r.
D«t!saUon.
Sails.
Pier.
Or'.iit* ...fHaabotdt jjulr S. ?FiniPi*r 1
Coc3 Bay.-.iNew-port ;Ju!y 22. JiaPlrr 11
5t»t# cf Call Porti*r«! IJaly H. li imPlw 54
VX. Ar«au.tPol=t >ren3..'Jatr n. ! pra'R-r 1
G. I*}lUr...;Gray» Harbcr'July a. 5 pea'
Ohio !C«P< Xcra«...'Jaly S3. Pt?r Jl
Santa Cmr'Alask* !JuJy !4. 4psi.P1«r S
E^r-ka ;Hmat>ol£t [July Zt. UasaiPter 13
Corooa ¦S'jui L»*.#X» iJulr S*. U %oa.r-i«r 1»
Arcat* .....'Ceo* Ear |Ja!y S*. 12 ia:Pi*r U
C&uUSIa .JvjciPfftSd.'JuIy J3, ll«=iP1er J
AustnU* -JHotxlala !J=!y S. !r=:Plw J
North Fork'.Hunbohlt 'Jnly W. »»as'Ple- 3
Ceptle ;cbina*Japan;juIj M. 1 pn.PM£5
Becjt* IXewpcrt Ualy SI. lis'Pier 11
ryiNortfr.JPcrtland jJaly M. [Pier ?)
CtolarcbU ..iPortland iJaly TU il*m.'P\er 14
Abydo* 'Hiabar; [Jxxly Z7. 1> a— P;er 7
Sant^ Rcsa'Saa IMetro iJsty tt. 11 *m.'F1»r Tl
Colaa INew York tJdy 3. 1 pm'PMSS
ADCTION SALES
fe AUCTION SALE
63 Head Trettin^-Bred asd Wcri Honas.
TTeU-matcbed pairs serrtls. bays and rrays.
A rurr.ier ef cacers In th« lot.
Str-4 by DSL. PASO. F.O3ERT LES. RS-
rCHO. WESTMONT and other atAiiioas aa4
cut of stasdard tred mares.
Bred by J. B. HAGOIN. ESQ.. Kara Ccusty
'¦»¦•¦' Company.
PKOPEKTT OF CH.\52 * JtrrXnSNHALZ*
Tj be sold ca
THURSDAY. JULY 26. 190O.
At :: a. =.. at Salesyari.
1732 aarke: St, Cor. Van Ness Ave.
Horses new at yard. Catal~snes ready.
CHA5S A MEND EXH ALL.
Liv« Stack Auctioneers.
r *..: Successors to Kill?? A Co.
£a» AUCTION SALE!
Of HORSES.
MOXDAT. Ju!y rr H o'clx^.
SWITZERS SALE YARD. lT:h az:d Harrisca
streets. s. WATKIN5. Aucticr.eer.Women of "Woodcraft.
Redwood Circle- ICo. 72 of the Women of?
Woodcraft will have an open meeting next
Tuesday evening, and In August will have
a two nights' show In Union Square Hall.
Golden Gate's Banquet.
Golden Gate Council of the Order of
Chosen Friends had its officers installed
last night by District Deputy Taylor, as
sisted by Grand Recorder S. C. Wallls.
acting as grand marshal. This was fol
lowed by an installation banquet, served
in a Stockton-street grillroom and par
taken of by seventy ladies and gentlemen.
Pnst Councilor Session was the toastmas
ter. The following toasts were responded
In the IMvorce Court.
Dora J. Klukner has been firranted s
divorce from William Klukner on the
ground of neglect. Suits for divorce were
filed yesterday by Edward J. Evans
against Myrah Evans for desertion; "Wil
liam Rayhill against Margaret Rayhill,
cams cause; Agne3 Vandor against Jo
seph A. Vandor for intemperance: and
Rose, McCoy against Walter D. iieCoy
for failure to provide.
to: "Golden Gate Council." response by
Councilor Jackson; "The Supreme Coun
cil." Past Supreme Councilor Arnold;
"Grand Council of California." Grand Re
corder Wallis: "The Membership of th«
Order," Supreme Vive Councilor Hutton;
"The Ladles." Dr. Sherman: "Our Coun
try." District Deputy Taylor; "Liberty
and Progress." Past Grand Councilor
Boehm. and "The Ladies of the Order."
Vice Councilor Miss Shea.
men. Or. Derby day I hired a victoria to
take my wife out to the races and we
decorated it with four American and two
English Hagrs. We were cheered continu
ously along the nfteen-mile drive to Aa-
COt."
Mrs. Belasco returned as far as New
York and is visiting relatives there. She
will reach San Francisco In about three
weeks. She has brought with her two
trunks filled with Paris gowns and an
other filled with hats, the most charming
creations of the Paris milliners.
Two Insolvencies.
William Wolff & Co., San Francisco
Breweries, limited, and Lachman & Ja
cobl filed a petition yesterday in the
United States District Court asking that
the Imperial Wine Company and E. Holz
inger and H. E. Schultz, constituting the
company, be declared insolvents.- The pe
tition alleges that they owe the petitioners
$735.
• Carlo Giuntini, merchant, San Francisco,
filed a petition in insolvency, stating his
liabilities at J11.499 27. He has no assets.
Most of the liabilities are outlawed, many
of them dating a» far back as 1SS9.
Sad Condition of Affairs Found by
Police in the OTarrell
Home.
The home of* Matt O'Farrell, located In
a basement at 1003 Powell street, present
ed a wretched appearance and told a pitia
ble story of low life and neglect when Ser
geant Christianson and Policeman E. C
Gould entered it last night. O'Farrell and
his wife were beastly intoxicated, a baby
of sixteen months rolled crying on the
floor, while three other children three,
eight and twelve years respectively, stood
around hungry and unkempt. The rooms
were in disorder and filthy, and, the ap
pearance of the children showed how lit
tle attention had been given them while
their parents abandoned themselves to
their drunken orgies.
O'Farrell returned from Cape Nome
three weeks ago with $600. Instead of
using the money on his family he and his
wife spent all but $50 for drink. They
have kept themselves Intoxicated ever
since. The little home was neglected and
the children went hungry.
Finally the police learned of the sad
condition of affairs and visited the squalid
premises. O'Farrell and his wife were
taken to the California-street police sta
tion, where charges of drunkennness ana
cruelty to minor children were placed
against them. Maggie, aged sixteen
months: Willie, aged three years, and
Mamie,«nged eight years, were placed in
charge of the matron at the Central police
station. The oldest boy, Eddie, aged 12
years, made his escape.
CHILDREN WEGLECTED BY.
THEIR DRUNKEN PARENTS
Mile. Dolores will again visit California
early in the spring and will doubtless re
ceive an even warmer welcome than was
according this thoroughly musclanly sing
er and pleasing personality on the oc
casion of her last season in this city.
In the early spring also comes Leonoia
Jackson to the coast, the famous young
American violinist, the pupil of Herr
Joachim. Miss Jackson ls hardly yet put
of her teens, but has appeared alongside
the most seasoned artists. on the concert
stage with much honor to herself and her
distinguished teacher. While in London
In 1S99 she received the unusual honor of
a summons to appear before Queen Vic
toria, and her performance created tho
most favorable impression on her Majesty.
Frederick M. Blggerstaff, late Berlin
critic of the Musical Courier, and former
pupil of Louis Lisser of this city, ls now
on his way to California. Mr. Blggerstaff,
since leaving San Francisco, has studied
In Germany with M. Barth and In Paris
with M. Moritz Moskowski. It Is the
pianist critic's intention to take up con
cert work in this city and later, perhaps,
will also teach.
Miss Hilda Newman, a former member
of the Abbey Cnenery Amateurs, has
again been chosen as pianist of the New
York Ladies' Trio, with Flavle Van den
Hende ofllist and Miss Pilat violinist. The
Ladies' Trio travels with Miss Lilian
Carllsmith, contralto, and has an enviable
reputation In the East for its good work.
Irwln Evoleth Hassell. a former pupil
of F. Loul King of the San Jose Conserv
atory, with his sister, Florence, are now
in Berlin, studying with Xavler Schar
wenka. At Master Hassell's recital a few
months ago, at Sherman-Clay Hall, great
things were prophesied for him. and It ls
understood that his Berlin master ls In
full accord with the favorable estimate of
tho boy's powers.
Harry Samuels is again In the city, and
is now domiciled here for some time. Mr.
Samuels began his vlolinistlc career in the
hands of Henry Heyman. with whom he
studied for some years. He then went to
Berlin and became a pupil of Herr Joa
chim in the Royal Academy of Music,
afterward studying with Cesar Thomson
of Brussels, now the foremost living vio
lin virtuoso. Mr. Samuels will soon be
heard in concert, and will play and teach
during the coming musical season.
Mrs. Marrlner-Campbell has returned
from her southern trip.
Mile. Dolores is now on tour in Canada
and her progress through its cities fc an
actual triumphal procession, each concert
leaving the audiences with yet higher ap
preciation of the lovely voice and fault
less technique of this admirable artist .
At a meeting of San Francisco Branch
No. 8, United National Association of
Postoffice Clerks, last nlfrht It was de
cided to give a grand ball on August- 1
in Native Sons' Hall. The following com
mittee of arrangements, was appointed:
L. E. Derre, G. P. Feeley, G. D. Bell, J.
E. Power, R. Apple, "W. G. Morrison, B
Mahoney. J. R. McGee, D. H. Burson and
Warren King. . ' •
Postal Clerks to Make Merry.
The third annual picnic and family ex
cursion of the Stereotypers' Cnion No. 29
•tvin take pla<*e to-day at Fairfax Park,
Marin County. Many valuable articles
have been donated as gate prizes and to
"be competed for in pames ar.d races. Boats
will leave- the Sausalito ferry at 9, 10 and
21:00 a. m.
Etereotypers Will Picnic.
Fred Belasco " Returns From Paris
With a Fund of Experiences
That Cost Him Hard
Cash.
Fred Belasco, proprietor of the Alcazar,
returned Friday from a visit to the Paris
Exposition, and "Welcome, .Fred!" in
blazing electric lights adorns "the theater
entrance. Belasco returns with many
anecdotes of his struggles with the lan
guage and the people who fleece the
stranger within their gates.
"While all Americans," Mr. Belasco
said .last night, "are ashamed of the
United States building, hidden like a toy
house between the magnificent Turkish
and Italian buildings," Callfornians have
every reason to be. proud of. the Califor
nia exhibit on the Avenue de l'Opera. It is
one of the sights of the exposition, and
Europeans are amazed at the exhibit o£
oranges particularly.
"Americans are leaving Paris as fast as
they can get out, because they are beins
so scandalously robbed. Prices on every
thing have gone away up. In the shops
where prices were formerly marked there
is no marking now, and if the proprietors
get a chance they will give -you shop
worn goods instead of the articles that
you buy from the show case.
"Visitors. should beware of the stores
with 'English spoken' on the windows.
That is the cue 'good thing." You go in
and inquire, 'Parlez-vous Anglais V That
starts everybody jabbering until a sales
man comes up from the rear of the store
and answers 'Oul.' He shows you every
thing you don't want, until finally in des
peration you buy something, paying two
or three prices for it because you had the
nerve to ask if English was spoken.
"I bought a straw hat In .Paris for 25
francs. In New York I met an old friend
and showed him my purchase with pride.
He Inquired the price. 'Five dollars!
Why, man, that straw is of the very
cheapest kind. You can get all you want
of such hats here for a dollar each.' He
convinced me by showing me hats with
the prices marked, but 1 am still wearing
my Paris hat, for spite.
"In. the few shops, cafes, etc.. where
English is spoken, they ask you the first
thing whether you are English or Ameri
can. If you « are English you get cold
water; if you are American they soak
you. I told one fellow I -was an Ameri
can and he got all my money. Another
fellow asked me the question, and I said
to my wife: .'What shall I say? If I say
American he will take my overcoat.' She
said, 'Tell him you are English.* I did,
and he was so insolent that I was very
sorry for the deception 1 had practiced.
The next time, the question was .asked
me I said, 'I am neither.' 'Sapristi, what
ees ze monsieur?', the fellow asked. 'I'm
a N good thing,' I said. He did iyK seem
to understand and I kept my overcoat
and escaped insult. :, --, .-.Jr 1 •-¦
"The hire of cabs has gone. up from a
franc to . a • franc and 25 centimes for the
ordinary drive. Besides, you must tip the
driver" with "25 centimes, or else he will
Bay various insulting things about you in
his own language.* You only know he is
insulting, you and your stock of French
doesn't enable you to resent it.
'.'The friendliness shown in England to
ward ¦ America and Americans . warms
your . heart. It was my good fortune to
be. in London the night of the-celebratlon
over. the relief of Maf eking— the greatest
night London has - ever seen. American
Hags were Bold on' the streets that night
and were bought and waved by English-
Troubles of Visitors Speak
ing Only Guidebook
French.
ORANGE EXHIBIT
CAUSES WONDER
AT EXPOSITION
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS
ITcw Complaint Against Arnold.
Oormac & Donolrae, attorneys represent
ing the British Consul, filed a new com
plalst yesterday acainst Julian Tregenna
Biddulph Arnold, charging him with em
beselement. There is nothing new in the
complaint, it bHng made, as a matter of
form, to take the place of the old com
plaint, under which Mr. Arnold had been
jield up to the time of Judge de Haven's
decision that Arnold must be tried here
and his pruilt must be established to the
satisfaction of the magistrate before he
can be extradited.
Mr. Arnold is still in charge of United
Ftates Marshal Shine in his hotel at
JJcrkeley. Kvidence for the defense and
the prosecution is on its way from Lon
don, England, and it is expected that Mr.
Arnold's examination before United States
<_'ourt Commissioner Keacoqk will be held
in about ten days.
Patrolman David Murphy Has a
Very Unpleasant Experience
on Kearny Street-
Policeman David Murphy, whose beat
ls on Sutter street, was mistaken for a
horsethief on Kearny street last night.
The case of mistaken identity grew out
of the recent accusation of larceny made
against Policeman Calnan of the Mission
district.
Murphy found a stray quadruped
hitched to a waRon on Sutter street
shortly after 9 o'clock. The driver had
evidently forgotten his responsibility to
the animal while sipping wine in some re
freshment station and the horse formu
lated a plan of letting him walk home.
Murphy could not locate the owner and,
climbing into the wagon, started for the
stable on Webb street, where all good,
friendless horses go.
The usual Saturday night throng was
on Kearny street, and when the officer
drove by he received the "ha, ha."
"I thought they could not lind Calnan,"
said one man, whereupon another re
marked: "It's funny r~ is going in that
direction; there are no pastures out that
way. Hey! old man, back up."
"Maybe he's, going to pawn the brute;
he could draw down enough to go on his
vacation," Was the reply.
Murphy says that if ever he has occa
sion to drive a lost horse again, he hopes
it will be on the Farallon Islands just be
fore daybreak instead of along Kearny
street on Saturday night.
Timothy C. Calnan, the policeman
charged with being a horse thief, is a
fugitive from justice and a bench warrant
is out lor his arrest. Captain Seymour
has detailed several detectives to search
for Calnan, but it is supposed that he has
either left the city or committed suicide.
Friday night the policeman was released
on $2000 bonds, the sureties being Daniel
Hartnett, saloon-keeper, 224 McAllister
street, who qualified on a house and lot
on Geary street, between Scott and Dev
isadero, valued at $15,000, and William
Oibbins, who qualified on eighty acres of
land in Eel Kiver Valley, Humboldt
County, valued at $1G,OOO.
When the case charging the disgraced
patrolman with grand larceny for stealing
A. J. McMillan's horse on April 21 was
called in Judge Conlan's court yesterday
Calnan failed to make his appearance.
Before court was adjourned his name was
again called, but there was no appearance
and the Judge ordered the bench warrant
issued tor his arrest. The bonds were not
declared forfeited, the Judga reserving his
decision on that point till to-morrow.
Two more warrants were issued for Cal
nan's arrest yesterday. One was sworn to
by A. S. Treadwdl. a trainer lor Gvorge
H. Bayiey, charging Calnan with grand
larcenv for stealing a horse from Bayley's
Btables. K23 Market street, on the night
of June 14, and the other was sworn to by
J. T. Lastutka, 1222 Market street, charg
ing him with grand larceny for stealing
a set of harness from his store. It is
probable that \V. K. Shaw, blacksmith,
iG21 Market street, will also swear to a
warrant charging Calnan with stealing a
set of buggy wheels.
When calnan was released from the
City Prison Fridav night he had promised
to call and see his brother-in-law, Joseph
King, of the New Western Hotel, but he
failed to keep his promise. He did not go
to his home at 1*31 Sanchez street, and no
trace of him has been found since he left
the prison. King told Captain Seymour
ytsterday that he was afraid Calnan had
thrown himself into the bay.
Calnan's case is similar to that of Cas
sius Blackman, whose beat was on Valen
cia street, and who on December 14, 1S££,
was arrested on a charge of grand lar
ceny for being implicated in relieving
Timothy Cronin, an old section boss on
the Southern Pacific, of his money in a
saloon on his beat. Blackman was re
leased on $2000 bonds and disappeared.
Nothing lias since been heard of him.
In addition to stealing horses and rob
bing barns Calnan is accused of hav
ing on the night of January 1 broken
into a grocery store conducted by Stelling
Brcs. at Sixteenth and Noe- streets.
Among the articles taken were two demi
johns of liquor, which were discovered
by Detective Fitzgerald hidden in the
basement. Calnan reported the burglary
to CapTain GUlin, who detailed two of his
men to make an investigation. They visit
ed the shop, but after a thorough exam
ination failed to get a clew through which
they might discover the perpetrators of
the crime. Calnan apparently showed trie
deepest interest in apprehending the burg
lars and volunteered his services in run
ning them to earth.
Yesterday Detective Fitzgerald paid an
other visit to Calnan's house, and buried
in the bain found the two demijohns that
had bpen stolen from the grocery. Last
night the Stelling brothers visited the po
lice headquarters and positively identified
the demijohns as their property.
Captain Seymour is satisfied* that Cal
nan did not work alone and he is endeav
crins: to locate his accomplice.
Since his thieving propensities have
come to light Calnan's brother officers tell
of several thefts that have been perpe
trated in and about the Seventeenth-street
station. Coats, trousers, clubs, bridles,
spurs and other articles have been taken.
They suspect Calnan of the thefts.
THOUGHT POLICEMAN
WAS A HORSETHIEF
Two More Warrants Are Sworn Out
for Policeman's Arrest on tho
Charge of Grand
- Larceny.
Fails to Make His Appear
ance in Judge Conlan's
Court.
OFFICER CALNAN
IS A FUGITIVE
FROM JUSTICE
Each of the several local tribes of the
Improved Order of lied Men has appointed
a committee on conference, which will
meet next Wednesday night for the pur
pose of discussing a proposition to take
1 ii.rt in the parade en the 10th of Septem
ber.
Grand President Oscar Hocks of the
German Order of Hermann's Sons de
clares that the statement published in
tome of the papers that the order would
1 arade #000 men en the 10th of September
is not correct. He eaid that the figure
given represents the numerical strength
«j£ the orcL-r in the State. The order will
make a creditable showing, but not in tho
number stated.
Eden Parlor of Alarneda County has de
cided to parade with Golden Gate Parlor
of this city and will have about fifty
members In lh;e.
" Mission Purler expects to parade about
1 1/ m«-n in uniform, consisting of dark blu e
military fatigue coat, white trousers ami
tray military crush hat. The parlor has
secured headquarter! and will entertain
j:i a liberal mannvr.
Tne grand marshal, chairman of the
parade committee and several members of
that committee atu-ndtd a conference of
The Woodmen of the. World on "Friday
evening, when the question of that order
Taking ;>art in the jiarade was discussed.
3t is probable that the Woodmen wilfhave
a fiout in line and will, turn .out .several
hundred men In uniform, in addition to
two or thme drill teams.
F. W*. iJohrmana. pn-sident of the Mer
chants' Association; ' Manlord Kohlberg
of Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman, and
Louis King-, superintendent • of the Mer
•«-hams' Association, have been appointed
honorary members -of- the general commit
tee of the cekbratior! and placed on the
' entertainment' committee.
Stanford Parlor of the Native Sons will
jnakf a line showing in line, having se
cured neat uniforms. It will parade with
new fiaps and standards, and is having its
corseous baimtrs trimmed anew with g-old
Bullion. • ¦ .
• Jrarsd Marshal CosteHo was. present
3:iPt nipht at a meeting of the I'ast Dicta-
Tors' Association of the Kniphts of Honor
iiiid pave that body some information on
The subject of the parade to lay before the
lodges. It was tho sense of. those present
that the order, the second oldest of its
kind, should be represented in the celebra
tion, and a committee was appointed to
t v.pgm a plan to be presented at a meet
jnp of representatives from each of the
I'-dpes in this city and Alam^da County to
l>e heid in Aupu^t upon a call to be issued
1 y Grand Dictator Archibald. There was
considerable enthusiasm shown and ad
dreesea were made by the visitor and a
nnpiber of the members of the associa
tion.
Knights of Honor Take Preliminary
Steps to Be Itepressnted in tho
Grand Parade on Sep
tember 10.
Stanford Parlor Announces
Surprises Along Line
of March.
FEATURES ARE
PROMISED FOR
THE JUBILEE
> - ¦• ¦ - ... r ¦¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ , „ ¦ ¦ • -. - - . ¦. . . .1. .-..- ¦ .,¦ ,.,,;, .-.;•¦- * ¦- - . . • ".'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY' 22, 1900.
?CTOINETTE TREBELLI, the fa
// \\ mous soprano, so well and favor-
Jj jjbly known in California, ha3
changed her name, though not for
the same reason nor in the usual fashion
of famous sopranos. Mile. Trebelll is suf
fering from the. effects of a distinguished
ancestry, that is. she is chiefly known aa
the daughter of her famous mother, and
it Is now her desire to carve out a name
that her own effort alone shall render
distinctive. In the future, therefore.
Mile. Trebelli will be known as Mile. Do
lores, a name chosen by the sweet singer
simply for its intrinsic music and not
from any interest of association' or right
of inheritance.
40
MLLE. ANTOINETTE DOLORES.
$4.00.
78 I-IGHT AND DARK GRAY MIXED
ETON SUITS, rood value at $7 30. to be
closed out at ......$4.OO
v $8 50.
33- ALL-WOOL GRAY HOMESPUN TAI-
LLORED SUITS. Eton effect. Jacket and
"skirt handsomely silk trimmed, real value
$17 30, to be closed out at $S.5O
MMER TAILOR-MADE SUITS
it a tremendous sacrifice.
$9,95.
42 ALL-TVOOt. BLACK CHEVIOT TAI-
LORED SUITS, jacket lined with Peau de
Sole. Kkirt lined with good Dercalftie. real
value $18 50. to be closed out at fO.95
$17.50.
K) FANCY GRAT AND TAN NOVELTY
SUITS, regular price $5, to be clos«4
out at 917.SO
Preparing for Fall and Winter.
I SEE OUR WINDOWS.
1 SEE OUR WINDOWS. I
SEASON 1900-1901.
A cordial invitation is extended to our customers and the public in
.general to inspect our large and elegant variety of i^V
Fur Jackets, Capes, Collarettes
LOWEST MARKET PRICES.
and Scarfs,
Real and Imitation.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
¦ The Free Normal Training School of the
Golden Gate Kindergarten Association
will open July 30. Application for admis-
sion may be made at 221 Xlnth street. •
DR. WONG WOO.
Chinese Tea and Herb Sani- f
laiium. IC4-7CI day et.. San C^ P g
Tranciscn. CaL Allols^ases cured rL» y ¦
t-xclusivcly Ly Cbtnebe herb*. W~» -X^"
/.fivlce Jrce. Hours, i to 11 a, JJ>Mj>
ra.. J to Z. - to S p. m. r*K^*3f**Ti!^
fcan Franr^rc, January 1. 13'A %?2tW : *;tW
I had a very rerious attack of »C«F«4iW'
ronsumption and my feet were <•»> swollen that
it vat with difficulty I could walk. The debtors
In the hoetiltala could not give tne any relief
tor n ( ne weeks. I was persuaded to so to the
•well-known Chinese Doctor. Wong Woo, and
in three months I was completely cured and In
perfect health, having gained 3 pounds In
weight. I have much pleasure In recommend-
ing tim to any one Buffering in any .way what-
ever. JAKOB R AUCII, I3>i Freelon et., at/.
As the shape of the feet do not all conform to tbe
same models, but n>ay be classified as belonging to
orje of the many varieties of forn), so the "SOROSIS"
shoe provides differences of shape to suit these varia-
tions. Sizes . and widths that you cannot get else-
where, forty-styles shoes and Oxfords.
We prepay delivery * - • -
charges on all Sorosls iir— -^ . i/j* 'Tj j%
shoes erjumerated In * ri/^ X7t/ M /s RO Thinrl Si-
catalogue to any part V/^SU M^/\f/S7r l.mpa OI,,
of the United States. A^ilJC^ > #VV'#/4f-4— * . SecoQd" Sboe Store
... • '. •- • "•¦ . '^ v ¦#' .' J from MarKet,
CATALOGUE READY. *" - SAN FRANCISCa"
The Shoe sho a e"
CARPET DEPARTMENT
' Convenience— Economy— An Art
Square on the carpet where extra
wear comes. Bright colors, pleas-
Ing patterns that wear; 9x9 feet,
«3, were $4. 50; 9 x ioj£ feet, $ 3.50
were £5. — Carpet Department,
free Delivery. Oakland. AUmeia, Berkeley
H. FRIEDMAN 5r CO.
(Incorporated)
233 - 237 Post St. Open Evenings
Golden Oak or Mahogany Fin-
ish Tabourette. For flowers,
bust or bric-a-brac— a dozen
uses besides being pretty.
Strong, and nicely finished
Styles change In furniture, too.
You czn keep posted by looking
over our?. If you're not ready to
buy we'll be pleased none the less.
Drapery Department— Of the many
things you'd like, are a lot of Plain
Swiss, Ruffled Lace-edge Curtains.
Dainty, new effects and serviceable
make— as low as 51.50 a pair.
' THE CREDIT HO USE"
The balance of SPRING AND S
will be offered this week
45 c
Six Stories Hlgb
S ill business is earnest at this store igP7 1
W/'®!^^*^ a i" d i aF f distinc " it abounds, increases, *nultiplies daily, warm weather stagnation is unknown activity is su- Y^wv^S-^^^^"^ HaMes-
S^iyW^jW^' \ the? contagion™™ . preme. this midsummer boom is not wholly normal; it is partly forced, we are hold- \ vtJ*Sl s&? m'oney
'^^''W-Mm^Wh Vm ton°™Tff e Te'ru ing after-inventory sales in every department — trimming the stocks for the fall campaign. V^\^«sMw /aS*^*"V savin?.
;|',-^M^| A styles, some have we "are selling vast quantities of seasonable and desirable merchandise at less than cost V^^^^t&£&? J«i l h n k°s
" ''xPCnSit^^ \ hlfbija^^yoke^'o 1 ? oi production. we lose money on some of it and help manufacturers to do the same. /$''<?C^^&& {&&++>*& here
i 7^3?!^^^ I fine tucks - and out of it all comes peerless buying chances for you. to-day's advertisement contains hints -^>-'^^K~~^\3j ) y^^^ opened
/ /I RVtT trimmed^ViTh of goods affected by the foregoing conditions. 4<^ i J$V t r eeye3
// I I l\ hemstitched ruf- • * ' X. Jjs£s*A. x^ £i _ __
if iv \ Sl % °}Hi ' t|16se are busy days in the domestic store W^ Tsi-
;// ' » i\ 1 others have this department is gaining prestige and popularity daily— manufacturers seeking a cash ersand
" V or square necks, with yokes of bias lace outlet and careful shoppers seeking rare values are learning by experience to look here for t> ,-_, „-» _. fI( . „,, t>Wk _._ t^^.^r»«
and embroidery, or rows of hemstitched quickest, best results, hints of to-morrow's many offerings: of charge.'
ffith- it is um^re^ary to say that the? unbleached muslin, 45 inches wide, extra good quality, value 14c a yard; our price. ...10c no. 2 all-silk, satin and eros-grain rib-
£ n /rare values? it "to^oigh Yo say tha\ unbleached Turkish towels, size 20x42 inches, heavy weight, one of the best I S c towels ¦ ISSudliiK Sl'thl brtrtt* vhtty°ltSk°eToi
' ' bleached Turkish towels, large size, closely woven; the regular price of these towels is low - orange, magenta, Bcarlet. cardinal,
notions and Small Wares 4SC each, but as they are slightly soiled we'll close them at , v 29c "«• a p n e d r #$&* ou o r f th ff 5 SSff rd jS c i ? per
little things of immense importance at ' unbleached sheets, hemmed ready for use, made of good quality sheeting, its needless yard 2^0
trining prices— to tell you that cotton goods have sharply advanced — the newspapers have given that 4^-inch all-silk plain taffeta ribbons.
3-lnch shell hairpins, per' dozen .\.3c f ac f widrsoread notoriety these sheets were hnnchr hefnre thr rise and wa nfiVr tli^m •>?¦ nIso 3 t and 4 lnch P» aln , and molred taf-
1-inch black brush edge skirt binding. { acl )T Tu \ , I e f 1 ft! "n * S D0Uf V t Detore tne rise and we ° tter t""" at feta ribbons, in a complete color assort-
per yard j 3 l Ac ' less than the wholesale cost at the mill to-day, there are none too many of them, and late ment: one of the best values we ever
Milward's needles, per paper 3c comers may be lamenters — " asked you to become interested in; per
6uO-yard spools of basting cotton, each... 4c . yard Zoo
pearl buttons, per card of two dozen.. 2%c unbleached sheets, 54x90 inches 35c each Io#Iiao* Akomnie olnvoe
n- -it i_. x x unbleached sheets, 63x90 inches. .......: 40c each ladies CndmOlb
handkerchiefs for young unbleached sheets, 7 ix£ inches ;. ::::;:;;.::;;;:;;;;:;;;.;;. ;;;;.4 4 5c each c^e^v^ to new own "
hODeful unbleached sheets, 90x90 inches c.zc each two-clasp imported French chamois
J,.. . V 1 v ki * Bloves, in white, gray and natural, sizes
children's Fchool handkerch efs. with • ji _ tlI __i, '1 I'lii- m i-~*. . Wt to 7. they formerly sold at 85c and
pretty colored borders also plain white 317 nSfifl fiWnrK AT I II 3 fiT flP^S $1 00 tho pair, but as the color assortment
hemstitched handkerchiefs in different Ul 1 IIUUUlU I1UI l\ Ul 1 1 1 110 UllUuO j s 8 n E htly broken we reduce them for a
widths of hems, school begins a week - ' . . . q Ulck clean-up to 63o
from Monday, and this Is a splendid , if you knew what splendid values these are you d need no urging to join the crowds . . . j i-j__,.j u**,
chance to supply your young hopeful's of quick-witted buyers that will gather around this counter to-morrow. trmiiied and IMUimnien &3IS
handkerchief needs at a ver> little coaU fancy p .j Iow CQvers in yery preUy des ig ns _ includin g -Norman S ire," "Rainy.Day" and every hat must go-cost cuts but llttte
t2^U^ !«««*, ««rl "Youth"; also a great variety of cushion tops for deft fingers to embroider; each 50c fi fhn dr n en ? s hats, prettily trimmed with
tOTCnOn 13C6S ana tambour scarfs in entirely new designs, 54 inches long by 18 inches wide; very choice; flowers and ribbons. Just the hat to finish
SnCPftinnQ each ¦ " 55c *he season with: each 89c
an opportunlt?llke JSs ifn't an every- .• honi'to'n'and battenberg lace patterns in a tremendous variVty of new 'and beautiful' pat- wU^'siirbowfand flowers "lach. ?^« a
day occurrence. English and machine terns; -the squares range from 9x9 inches to 30x30 inches; the scarfs are in two sizes, 18x36 ready-to-wear hats In the latest blocks:
made torchon laces and Insertions, in • inches and 18x54 inches; prices begin at 5c and end at 50c each 29 °
widef good flrm n edge S not the klndtha? your attention is invited to our very complete showing of duchess and battenberg braids. bOYS* Underwear
ravels: scorer of different pretty patterns: ' • don't skip this item. It deserves care-
just the thing for trimming underwear P 0311.1111 fit flTQCC TrUTHTIinfrC * ul reading, you've never known of. an
and children's garments; value 10c, 12^c blCdll UU U! Ill 000 II IlillllllIRO . offering with a more resistless pull-
and 15c the yard; your choice i^c • ° boys'- fleece-lined shirts and drawers.
, . I."4is-i"ii silk tubular braids, in navy blue, gray, tan, brown, green and red, one-quarter inch wide; K° ort heavy weight, shirts have French, ;
separate dress skirts regular pricc 6 y 4 c, now, per yard :...3c \ tSfr^S^Ji
V , 'tJh »«^n>\i. /Li mohair soutache braid, in red, tan, brown, green, purple, gray, white and black; 24 to 34; suit 60o
/* demand grows; yards for 15c single garments °°
f fo does the stock. -fancy dress trimmings, many sorts and kinds, including colored silk mohair and span- Children S StOCRinSS
/ 'ones hobnobwith s'ed gimps that formerly sold at 25c, 50c and 75c the yard; now, your choice 15c *V,A lf y°* uneed
k / the best of their dress trimming lemnants at one-third off the already reduced prices. a&»:«l* -A»^3« hosiery w«
/ < 5(.)rts it* they've *5fc3^*^^^^^^^*2*K. £? r '*» have It at
& J. WSEjjite stationery of all sorts at clearing prices IT l1mKJ"~Hi
1 7\ W °^>faid dress little prices for. good stationery — that's the spirit of to-day's news, we curtail the list, >«(/ i'ggS siery buyer
If.k jV^/A skirts, in assort- but the stock will be found in a condition of elaborate completeness. • { ' (t^Tw/Ta ' BeF-' ls an rt expert -
MiJJjlJ ej. t C h lorS inv?r^H ful1 Rovernment 5x6^ envelopes, regular price 5c a package, now ij£ c ">^«\ I \ V : Vv 'W a V nd gu\ss^
M^yya^X plait in back odd lots of envelopes in various sizes and styles,^orth 5c to ioc a package, now 3c n^^^>^-^S^A '{&> work don>t
>K^c^v^!^ corduroy bound.' tablets, regular price 8c each, now 5c 2£%E£/^i^*<?y £f& Result! U C^
Tlack "broiadid composition books, worth 12c each, now Qc
tablets, regular price ioc each, now 7o mi.ses'and
Wmf/M9mW^ r |J ned wlt , h P erc « : box stationery, regular price 20c each, now i Sc les^ 'm
<J%sy£^SLJ <^IUV/~^ w"fh a water > Dro I of pound packages of fine commercial notepaper. regular price 15c each. now. . q c ijHT \^2^S black "iron
binding, each ..$2.50 pound packages of extra fine commercial notepaper, regular price 25c each, Tiow 19c 'Mi \ i thread"
all-wool cheviot serge skirts, in black tablets containing 70 sheets of good paper, 8x10 size, regular price 5c each, now 3c \£h \ im&& hut
and white plaids, made with inverted plait ' Vvj nDDea Dut
in back and bound with waterproof bind- " ' \f^ n o a v y
n n o & w"i?rfe:v e ari dtheEe SklFtS at $S -°° e l$'~ fm*T /ST* *W7 ™*' ° f hartl *~ lst * a *«« elastlc^tto^ wltli
<;ilic frf-nrm <Vr'nn" cVi'rt^' "tVYmmlT '.T'iVi, f^S^y5w/^<4sBY y®/ fSS our new hiiilrfmn improved rour.fl heels and toes and extra heavy
Pilic,crppon (iron skirts, trimmed with K*mZlsBzZ-&ffl/ <?5^55\ >^^ /i^\»'/£f?^ our new building doub]p knee9 . glzea 6 t0 10; Just the th!ng for
tafftUffeilk bands and fringe over silk send us your J^ffl /M/ . /&&*} is nearing «chool wear: per pair i2'-.o
?i?s^i p !!f^.*! > ™~ : .. r !^.. <^. d ..!3ss.ii5 «.«.//•«/•«- camp-on. t^i^^^^^^h^ss:
broadcloth pointed drop skirts, trimmed they come, go and fSn/ 4 -— », -^^ this store for stores- Korxi heavy weight, extra long and
with Stitched band of taffeta silk and deep n/aase all in a dav /Mm rent— see Umbien elastic; extra double knees. he*!s and toes; deep
silk fringe over accordion-pleated taffeta please aiun a aay. /W,^!^©^ GQOD&^ . reni See umoscn KloMy black: smoothly finished; sizes « to 15;
silk flounce; ultra swell; each $15.00 :ra Tiw i MI ¦¦¦. ¦¦¦mi *^^ 3 pairs for 50c