tt la told that h# held W» own wKk tha
bit of th« young men and g*T« prwnlM
of bUrver things when" b»"and tho dty
should have grown up toretber.
In tho midst of this It happened. Jnst
what happened Is what •Terybody in-
Mayfield knows, but «verybody ta*w»
differently.
Bom* tell It In this way. Ther« wu a
brother who was commr home from Ban
Joae and a washout cam* alone and
something terrible occurred. And all th»
time Doloroa was waiting at Mayfield for
bis brother and day after flay h» kept
on waiting, even after the body had been
brought home, because they could not
make h!m understand whose the body
was. Those who tell the story this way
¦ay that la why ho goes to meet th«
trains now, and they look "that s-ttles
It.", and «lv« their palms a final, satis
fied pat. But other people do not re
member any brother who was killed and
they aay he was Just made to fit tho
case. "
These BccfTers tell It In their own way.
They also talk of a brother, but other
wise.
The brother was a spendthrift, they
lay. and not only a spendthrift but a
worthless one. He never had nor« than
a coin at a time and tkat was usually
begged or borrowed from Doloros. At
last refusals cams at his requests and
then he grew angry.
A barkeeper In San Francisco was a
friend of the brother, and these two pat
their heads together. They knew that
Doloros carried much money In th» easy
way tbat old Callfornlacs did, and so
one night when they knew that 5400
rang In his pockets they Invited him Into
where the brother's friend tended bar.
They gave him a drug to drink when h«
thought he had pure liquor, and when ha
woke he was lying in a dark alley and
the money was goes asd so was his rea
son.
There Is still another stcry. The laugh
of a woman rings through it and the eyes
of a woman sparkle in It. and they are
black, Spanish, smoldering eyes.
She lived on another Spanish grant So
they say. She used to sit at a grated
window and twang and alngr when It had
grown dark and Doloros came. lie could
im her through a little round hole when
watehtej-, tad that m*4» ftta «fl«||y
8h« wonld kaa elos« t« tte vtofe*
when he wu corning, and ha •vaM kaii/l
and «h* would sometlma* tak* th* rmmm
from her hair and tOM It to him, aa4 Us*
a bar of the- Bpaniaa l«rr« soiai wttJi tt.
Then. Just aa h* dr«w v*rr »•**, ¦*•
would say, "Coin* to ta« wtadonr of lt»*
faela'a room, Dolorot," and ¦&• VMM fit
off with the ltffht throush th« daxV. *)•«»>•
ingr hous«. and presently sn* weald ITU %*¦
at another window. And so always, am ha
thought ht had rtached'her, ib« wvall
be o3 wita her light. lik» any win-s'-Oi**
wisp, and glint from on* Windsor ts> mm
other. tnd bo bM teased tin and &rr*
hlsi en by the chain of a 8p«aisa 1«t«
• one. "Hush, you will walc« tas> *smfrjr.*^
she would warn if he protested, and that
always silenced him, for hi kn«w that thm
only chanca for his suit lay In Its saXa
c:d!sg. Not that he was either unwortJry
or pflor, hut there was another Iorer aaa
political complications.
Just hew the girl at tha -windows fsti
about Doloros was never -tslJ. I might
guess: but s!:e was a woman and I am a
¦woman.- ac3 it wouldn't b» fair to piM*
out loud. When gir'.a do as «^» did they
sometimes puzzle historians. So ths story
tellers about IXsqrfidd do not explain why
she never stayed at one window quite lon»
enough for Doloros to say all h» wanted
to say. nor why s>e r.»ver quite severed
the chain of the Spanish lov» senx that
held him.
After ewhil? ?h» went away with th«
other, but Dolores k*pt on hcplre that it
wculd come right some t!m«. The other
might die. he thought. At last he gave u?
even that !d?a ar.d took up his llfs a* If it
were fcetrlcr.ir.g over sgaln ar.d without
¦ her. At Ie3?t he thought he Aid, but whea
eh9 was brought horns to bs turieil h«
•tepped back into the other Ufa and b«
came as he Is to-'iay.
But however ir.iny causfs may bs as-
Blgr.ed, everybody knows this much — that
Doloros illranda. was owner of g?*a.t
lands when he was- yourg and lusty
lunged, and that he welcenied many
guests to his home ¦with the hospitality ot
his race. Then somethinsr happened and
his wits went, and after them went hi*
money. But he does not know cf th» loss
of either. So it seems to m» as clear aa
daylight that he forgets back to the tlm«
when he was. a host instead of a poor.
headquarters, for his < prof esslon. It was
a town of miners and adventurers and
hard-headed pioneers, and Dolords Miran
da was an odd figure among' them in their
business life, although they • knew the
Mexican people well enough socially. But
/
the climbing* geranium was cut away — tt
was a geranium, because that voul.i grow
of itself without tending, and she hated
to tend flowers. She kept a light burning
back in the room, so that he could see her
dimly, and ha could tell that she waa
shriveled, witless oia man. ana tnat In
magnificent fancy he goes to the incoming
trains to greet those who arrive. Thoy
are his guests, he tells himself.
Doloros 13 the Spanish name for trou
blft. SARAH COAISTOCK.
The great fields which once enclosed a'
fortune lie back of Mayfleld, where the
foothills elope away toward the f oga.
broad and rich. There was a Callfornlan
house on the land and "the house is
yours" was everybody's welcome. **
They were good for barley and for wheat
and for cattle, and they could yield such
fruit aa gorgeous goddesses of wealth and
bounty would be willing to play ball with
upon a classical canvas. ..
.A thriving Callfornlan family grew
there, and sons and daughters were many.
The gringos came and little by little other
families lost their granted land, but some-"
how the Mirandas clung to theirs when
those around them were growing poor, to
the advantage of wiser men's pockets.
Some of these sold their property to bad
advantage and some cambled.il away.be
tween church bells. But" there ".was at
least one prudent Miranda who knew that
a good thing is worth keeping, and so
the family estate waa / held ~ together.
When Dol-EtenoT Doloro* Mlranda-fT*W
to manhood. he was heir to fields that
were of the richest and to the yield ot
them which he knew a thing or two about
managing.' For he had a good deal of
Spanish in 'him and a good deal of Amer
ican, too. He had the flne courtesy and
hospitality of his race, but he was not en
tirely a lily of the field. He knew th»
value of five . dollars if ngt "of* one. Tho
most of his people thought that dollars
wero made to thjow in showers upon \ tho
most bewitching. dancer* at v loma fan
dangO.'
Besides his business ability he had am
bitions., He wanted to* study law and ' h«'
did- San* Francisco waa a very new; cijty
then, a zipping one, and ha chose It a*
Miranda was a. name that meant .more
once than It does- now.. It stood for own
ership and aristocracy. So they say. It
named the possessor of one of the old
Spanish land grants, which was long and
to the newcomers: bowed In old Spanls*
profundity and with such a gesture aa
becomes the lord' of many lands. It w«.s
an encompassing welcome. Then as, the
town's guests took to "the' path or the'
•bus old Dol Miranda put on hU hat again
and crossed the track. "»-*llo, Dol!" said
an idler.; "This windy enough for you,
Dol?" said anotner. But they got no an
swer. No more has any one these thirty
years back. ¦ y
Then while things were being disagree
able on the stationward side of the train
It pulici *>ct and I eaw old Dol standing
on the oth*r track. The summer coast
mind was a jrnle that' day and I remem
ber how It blew the I ends of his red
neckerchief, which stamped the Spanish
of him with one f.ap.
He was a little beady-eyed black man
then as he is now, looking as If he miffht,
in his wisp'.nesR, be picked up in the sport
of the wind and blown about with his lit
tle arms and leg* waving and his long red
ttreamers flapping like a signal to tell
earth-tied people wJiither away. But It
never happened. He stood flutteringly on
the ties and he took off his hat and bowed
Xt T Is hard to ret at the exact truth of
1 Del Miranda's etory.
it Pete Meyer will lean over the coun
ter of h'.s .¦".r-jgptore In Mayfleld and
tell you a eleek version, with pudgy ges
ture* to help push It down. Big Spur
g-eon. th« 'buexnan, wlU drive you over
a five-cent <Jlstsr.ee at a twenty-flve-cent
charge and tell you another version
between clk-clks. Joe. the roadmaster,
ought to know, because he lived there
always, himself, and he married one of
the Ortega c'.ris. I be!}eve it was. and
#he, too. has lived there always. His ver
r\on Is Etlll another, And they none of
them agree with that of old Barney, , who
¦used to se« thiucs In his cabin that were
rot there when :he whlsl"- tide was high,
but who could tell the stralghtest kind
of Etorj' darir.K the e&bs.
This much, though, everybody knows,
frotrs the railroad to the barley fields.
Dol Mirar.5a was you:* once and he un
derstood, just as other people understand.
Now he Is old end ha knows only that
the trains come and k*>ep tnnir.B and
bring many, •many guests, and that ho
must m.ct them and welcome them to his
great lanfe.
It Is more years than one hand can
count Elr.ce I fir*t" saw ulm standing
there, arvl projile raid then. that he hzi
been doing Jt for a. great many yean
beck, and he is doing it still to-day.
I was on a southbound train that pulled
Into the MaytifM station and let out a
budget of passenger*! They were du3ty
and sooty and none too fcood-tempered,
for the 'bus was late, and as it lunged
down the Ftrret It*' wa< plain enough that
Jt could not hold more than one-third .of
the wouM-be passengers. Some of them
frowned an<j some groaned and som«
scolded each other for nobody's fault.
And I was no nicer than the rest, al
though I may have expressed fewer opin
ions because I can never find any 6plce
In quarreling- with circumstances that
cannot quant! tack- . ¦ •. -
The Mystery of Dol MirandaTirarfl nrsfl room you would have to pay
more than two dollars and fifty cents per
week.
And those who know are many. Thej>
are the cirls who work. Just as many ot
them as the house will hold have taken
their few belongings and settled down
Trith a b!g sigh of relief in the Co-opera
tive Home on the hilL I went among
them incog for a week.
tables. At the foot of the table and pre
elding over the teapot was she whom the
girls call their "mother universal." ...
"You are all my daughters," said Mrs.
Hariand, "and. I claim the right to wieM
the maternal slipper, bo if any of you
have any mischief to do you had better
look out that mother don't find It out."
Once more I { heard the slipper men
tioned; It was when there was a llttli
fortable willow rocking chairs and good
furniture, and plenty of fresh towels and
linen. ' : ,
My roommate was a dark-eyed little
creature, whose life is largely filled up
with Baying "hello" and "number" in the
office of the telephone company.
"I Just think It's about the best thing
that ever happened," said she, referring
to the establishment of tho home. "You
all right, but I am sure no one will be
unkinrt enough to remark that I made the
biscuits too big."
"Xor that I put too much gait In tha
potatoes." acMeil a volunteer.
"Nor that my gravy Is too thin,** said
another.
"Nor my tea," said I.
And no one was unkind enough.
At the end of the week I came away.
The house on the hill with its hundred
steps to climb had grown to seem quite
llko homo, and as 1 began the descent
Miss Johnson stood in the door.
•¦Come back again." she called. "We
will all be glad to see you." But she did
not know that I had been poking an in
quisitive professional nose into the affairs \
of the co-operators, or that I had an un--. *
pleasant liulo sneaky feeling 1 because I
aaa. NAN BYXBES*,,.!
to this simile formula do not choose to
stay. "We have no rough or objection
able girls," says the pleasant little su
perintendent "That class do not feel at
home here, and they go away. The situ
ation naturally sifts itself down and you
see our girls are all that they should be.
We all have our home together and each
of us takes an individual pride in its wel
fare."
One evening the cook was in the hands
of the dentist. Iler^Oomaln was turned
over to a volunteer force' of co-operators,
and Miss Johnson herself took charge of
the flour bin and oven. When the later
girls! camo home from work tho dinner
was ready, and a very good dinner it was.
I myself was allowed to boil an egs and
to fix the tea.
"Girls," said Miss Johnson, as we all
sat down to eat,v"thc dinner may not.be
before she died, but that wan not; like *
home, even if we did put geranium pots Ir>\
Ithe window." . >
, There ; are , other '. types of ' girls ; there.
Girls; with rollicking, good-natured' dls-i
positions arid girls that are ' no t good-na
tured ; careless girls and - girls that annoy .
you" with, too much care about "every-;
• thing— just the assortment of human na-'
iturc that* one may , find In any. collection
of eighteen or twenty people. And the
comic column would chuckle could
he' observe, the confirmation of his joke3
in the little femininities that crop out
One morning there was a vacant chair
at the table. "Why, where is Miss Mer-
rit?" asked Jliss Johnson. . !'She is not
feeling well, and isn't going to work this
forenoon," answered one of the girls.
Then there was an expression of sympa
thy, and a nice piping hot breakfast went
up, with messages of those who didn't
have time to run and see her, and the
motherly "mother universal" made a di
agnosis of the- case and a cup of medical
brew.' At noontime some of the ; girls
brought" flowers picked through the
pickets of the fence along the way home,
and the girl who works in the bakery a
few blocks | away- brought ; home a | mon
strous cream puff, which at least stood for
thoughtfulness and 'good intention- even
though It was condemned from the sick
room by the "mother universal."
The founder of the system of co-opera
tive homes Is the widely known philan
thropist, Ilev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Co
operative No. 1 Is in New York and Nos.
2 and 3 are in this city. When Dr. Wilson
undertakes Jo help humanity he knows
how to do It. Ilia plan is to give human
ity a chance, and he has given the self
supporting young women a chance. They,
may have their board and lodging at cost
at 4 Vernon place, at Co-operative Home
No. 3, or at 643 Folsom street, near by,
where No. 2 is located, and the cost Is
$2 50 per week.
As to" the rules of the home, Miss John
son says there are none, "except the rules
of conduct and propriety for any respect
• able young lady."
Anu those who. do not care to conform
¦-:. . - • -¦- \-' .....
•Ct/fe at Jan Francisco's Go-Operative bachelor maids' j$ome.
w
WE are a little crowded this
week." said Miss Johnson, tuck
ing up her skirts and leading
the way upstairs, "but I "uess
*ve can find a. place for you." We vrent
down a. Ions hall with a row of shining
doorknobs on <ach side and at the last
knob we stopped. Miss Johnson opened
the door. "You may have a half share
In this little room, you pee it has two
oote. Tou like the sunshine? Yes. it is
pleasant. The young lady who has the
room works in the telephone office; you
will think the is nice. I am sure. The
oost? Two dollars ax:d a half for the
week, room and board. Now Just make
yourself at hom<>— come down In the par- •
lor If you get lonesome. I hope you will
lie pleased. I must hurry down into the
Itltchen; If you would like a bath there
Js plenty of not water; if there, is any
thing you want ask any of the girls— we
all help each other here, you know. Oh.
,j-«g, ana dinner at C:30. The bell will
'ring." Fhe added. , turning; at the door.
Then she ran downstairs; leaving an
> atmosphere of cheerfulness and home
i feeling behind.
I had applied for a week's board at the
Home for Self-Supporting
• Toung Wnnien" and thus it was that I
"was established.
It's way Tip on a hill and i^s south of
¦Market and you have to climb half a
dozen flights of stairs before you get to
,lhe door, but when you do you can sit
}<iow7i by your wii.dow and look out over'
t-Oie city; you can breaxbe crisp, ref roiling
iair, you can tee the sails of the water
'craft skimming around the bay and a far
(stretch of housetops leauing away over
T-he hills, with steeples and towers here
tanfl there.
An4 that, those who know will tell you,
fa« much better than the way It is with
leozne places they know about; places
inhere you can climb the stairs the same,
|"but they are stairs that lead a dishearten
\lTig way upward to the rear of some damp.
• old three-story lodging-house, where you
; can Bit by the window also. If you have a
| chair that is steady enough on its legs,
and you can breathe the air, but you
fTeould rather not. You can look out, too,
• Ynit you can't look far, on account of a
chimney pot or a wall opposite that you
; might touch, if -you cared to reach you
, hand out through the cobwebs, liut you
; "wouldn't pet any bath, nor would you be
Jnvited to come down In the parlor if
you were lor.rscme. and. even if you were
very economical and cooked yov:r own
<Unner, yea, and your own brc-akfast.
ever a smudcv little oil stove, for your
"Don't you like It here?" asked a con
tented little seamstress. "We just think
it's fine. Katie here remembers a few
things about where we used to room—
don't you, Kate?— away up in a dingy old
attic, and an oil stove is so discouraging;
it makes one feel like quitting altogether
Just to sec an oil stove after that kind
of an experience."
"And landladies." said Kate, "they ar?
another kind of thing that makes one feel
like quitting. They are sordid creatures.
If they don't kick about burning the gas
they will swear you are ruining the fur
niture. They'll eat up your cookies and
then say they swept them out because
they didn't want the muss around. Just
to look at them makes you feel like a
culprit or a desperate criminal. If you
are sick. for a day they begin to worry
about next month's rent, and suggest
about hospitals. Once In a while you
happen to lind a nice landlady, but I tell
you it's not very often. It makes you feel
iike seeing your own grave" being dug to
have fi landlady around when you are
sick» just ready to throw you out when
your rent- comes due."
A fluffy-haired stenographer was darn
ing her stocking. "Yes," said she, "and
when you go to engage a room they are
all smile?. They always tell you that
you can l«ave hot baths whenever you
want them and the parlor for your com
pany, then when you get there there is
never any hot water and you have to re
ceive bn the front steps."
"Say. girls." said a tall saleslady, "do
give the landladies arrest. The dinner
bell's going to ring pretty soon and I de
tected the odor of good things cooking as
I came up. Come on, girls, let's all go
down."
And 'down we went into the parlor;
some one played a bit of rag-time on the
piano, some one else unfolded plans for a
new dress and debated with another girl
over the latest thing in the way of pleated
skirts, with the pleats running up and
down. Some chatted or hummed with the
piano and one very tired looking girl
curled up among the pillows on a couch
and had to be waked up when the dinner
l>t-ll rang.
Out in the dining-room there was a long:
while table, with flowers in the middle
nnd a row of chairs down the sides. At
the head of the table sat Miss Edna John
son, the superintendent, with a pleasant
word of inquiry for every one and urging
the girls to a second helping;. There was
soup and roast and salad, with a tempting
dessert and dainty side-dished o* vrge-
mischief afoot. The self-supporting young
women are all supposed to be in bed at
J0:30 o'clock, barring such evenings as
they go out. for early rising Is essential
to the self-support. It was after the
hour and there was tittering going on;
tall, white-clad forms were slipping about
through the halls and more of them were
perched up -on the footralls of the little
white iron beds; stories were being told
and general unrest was manifest. A laugh
a little less subdued, rang out and then
there came the threat of the slipper. The
threat came from the foot of the stairs,
and though it was good natured, it meant
business, so there was a general quieting
down and going to sleep.
At 7 In the morning the nret bell rings;
then every one gets uf» and dresses for
breakfast at half past. Sometimes there
Is a touskd head hastily smoothed and
i somebody's shops are only
1, half laced. That is when a
t self-supporting young woman
• sleeps with one eye anil
i watches the clock with the ,
1 other for a quarter of an hour
after the bell rings. Break
. fast consists of a dish of
[ mush, with milk and sugar,
, nuat. potatoes and whatever
'* else happens to be left over, •
' and cleverly converted into
different dishes. At luncheon
those whose work is near
1 enough to permit of coming
'hemo find a substantial meal
and a cheering cup of tea.
' When the girls have finished
eating, each one gathers up
" her dishes and. carries them '
' out into the kitchen. "So as
» to help the cook," says Miss
Johnson, "and if we want
; anything put In the kitchen
: we go after it ourselves."
i In each room there is a
1 sowing machine, and the oc
i cupants may utilize spare
1 hours in helping out their
. wardrobes if they be clever.
I Clean, brown matting with
, rugs covers the bedroom
iloors, and each girl . has a >
bed to herself, two or thre.v
. in a room. There are corn-
know there is no charity about it, so w»>
do not feel too proud to live here* It >%
a co-operative plan and supports Itself,
bo we each of us have a share ln.lt, and
our money. pays for what we live' on.' It
seems hardly possible that It can be so,"
but Isn't it good that it is?"
I agreed that It wa8.
"I used to Just get sq tired of living,"
she confided. "It was bo depressing to
come . t home from work and shut oneself
up in a little hall bedroom all by one'i
self. I was just. a machine, gating up,
going: to work and going to bed again,
and I couldn't see much good in living.
But since I've come here it kind of seems
like home again, , though I , never really
had a'home. My mother used to live with
me in some dingy housekeeping roomsj
Where Busy Giris Board Themselves for $2.50 a Week
THE SUNDAY CAIX.
2How It felt to Be "Held Up" by the Black Kid
One of the Passengers cf the Yosemite Stage Gives a
Graphic Aecount of the Daring ' Robberu.
Had Been Through Thrilling -Experiences at home and
Abroad, but" This Was the Host Exciting.
I HAVE plobe-trctted over every coun
try under the sun, and of all my ad- <
ventures not one is a — what do you '
say? A patch?— not one is a patch ]
upon being held up by an up-to-date
American hipliwayman.
My meeting with the Black Kid In - ;
Vofcemite Park cost me JSO of the $2iO lost
by the whole party, and they were doi- i
!ars well spent as the price of the ad- :
venture.
You see I have never been in America
before and I am learning her customs for
the f:r? t time. Of course I knew that stage
robberies fometiraes occurred in your
Western States, bat I never dreamed that
the stage robber was a gentlemanly per
son who v.ould ask a lady for her gold
s.s he might ask her ft>r a dance, and
whose tact la an embarrassing situation
eight do credit to a drawing-room.
India Is ay home. England and •icct
lasd are familiar to me. I have hunted
the tiger In Korea, nave climbed the
Himalayas and the Alps, have explored
tfc« Nile, have "bucked the tiger" at
Monte Carlo. They are stale adventures
cow, for I have been face to face witli
the Black Kid.
Tfcer* were thre« coaches besides ours
in th« hold-up. I was with a private
party returning in a "three-seater" from
the valley. had left Raymond at <
o'clock in the morning and at about 10
o'clock had reached the long- grade known
sls Grub Gulch Hill, at the head of which
the Black Kid had taken his stiJion. The
coidiers had been passed on the road two
hocrs earlier in the day. The members
ef our party were: The Hisses Atherton
of England, Thomas H. Grlffln and wife
ef this city. Professor and Mrs. W. M.
Hart of Berkeley, A- M. Drake and wife
cf St. Paul and myself.
Suddenly, in the midst cf a rollicking
rood time, cur coach was stopped. 1
thought we had reached a toll gate and
tock out my purse to pay my share.
Eomebcdy said "Never mind, pardr.er, I'll
take the who'.e thlr.g." and I looked
around to tee a masked man standing on
a little knoil a short distance away, his
rifle Jointed at my chest.
I realized at once what had brought tne
coach up and saw that* it would be use
less to make any resistance, so I held my
purse out to him. "One of you fellows
ra?E *The hat, please,", caiJ the robber
•without changing his position, "and if
there is any holding out on me there may
be some trouble." 5lr. Grifhn volunteered
to pass the hct ar.d put his own money in
It first. Some of the people tried to hold
back feme money, but the Kid seemed to
d;vir.» their Intentions an<l said firmly
that he would have all the money or
?»¦• ¦ Ita •*« »-yiii«* Vi \\, ii-c-r» *' "aria f t Via t"
One of the ladies had a satchel, but de
clared that she did not have any money.
"Well see what is in the satchel, just for
fun," said the robber. When the satchel
was opened the first thing that came -to
view was a purse full of silver. "Any
gold there?" he asked. Eeing assured
that there wfs not. he said. "Well, you
can keep that, but you might at least
have told the truth about it, for I hate to
hear a woman stretch the truth." We all
had a good laugh at the expense of the
lady and the robber joined in.
After we had "shelled out" or "dug up,"
or whatever you call It, we were re
quested to "stand still and keep quiet."
The robber remained standing on the hill,
with the rifle in the hollow of his arm.
He tried to appear careless and indiffer
ent to his surroundings, but I watched
him closely and could see that he was
ever watchful, sometimes standing alert
and silent, like an Indian hunter stalking
bis game. If any member of the party
had possessed a weapon I do not think
that he would have taken a chance at
drawing it, for despite the robber's gen
tle way there was a steely glitter in his
eye that warned us of the danger. I
think it was that eye that did the work.
Had he been on level ground I am not
sure that he would not have had a fight
on his hands, for some of us might have
tried eome wrestling tricks; but his posi
tion on the rising ground gave him such
a grea{ advantage that It would have
been foolhardy to have tempted him.
When I gave him my money he said,
"Pardner, are you sure that is all you
have?" and he gave me a look that made
me ehlver, even if he did smile. It was
that eye again. "I have a letter of credit
here for £1030." I said, offering him the
paper. He only laughed and said: -"You
had better keep that. I only need gold in
my business."
After a while he permitted us to walk
about a little, but forced us to keep a
certain alignment and to remain facing
him.
"I say, old chap," Mr. Drake called out:
"don't you know you are keeping us late
for dinner? We'll cive you our word nf
"That's my card, old man. I hope we'll
soon be better acquainted."
He said it to Al Foster, the stage
driver. Then he dashed into the brush to
"avoid a detachment of soldiers who were
charging down the road upon him.
For an hour and a half he had held the
road, holding up four stage coaches and
compelling thirty-one people to deliver up
their valuables, while he laughed and
joked with the entire party. In the face
of the most certain danger from armed
and mounted troops the Black Kid coolly
introduced himself to the stage driver,
with the intimation that he proposed to
remain in the business and would prob
ably halt him again in the road at a" fa
vorable opportunity. .
He. was such a gentlemanly fellow that
I think any one of us would have felt It
bad form to take a shot at him if we had
had the chance. I never before wit
nessed such an exhibition of supreme
nerve and*! cannot but honestly admire
. the scoundrel. He did not insist upon the
regulation "Hands up" after the first
flurry of excitement was over.
Accepting the assurances of the stage
drivers that none of the several parties
were armed he merely demanded that the
men form in a line in front of him and
"pass the hat." The ladles in the second
stage' were even permitted to keep their
Beats in the coach, and it is asserted that
one of them recovered her self-possession
enough to take a covered snapshot at him
with her kodak. •
He never for a- moment left the knoll
by the roadside. There he stood in a posi
tion that enabled him to see up and down
the. road for some distance. His rifle was
only leveled as each succeeding coach
rolled before him. His ground had been
selected with excellent judgment at a
snarp turn in the road, where the sand
was deep and the wheeling heavy. The
spot was far from human habitation, in
a country covered with thick brush that
offered ready shelter for a fugitive. How
well the Black Kid knew the country was
proved by the ease with which he eluded
the soldier* when they tried to surround
him.
did not even appear to be surprised when
the detachment of soldiers appeared oa
the scene. It was to be presumed" that
after undergoing such a long strain of
excitement he would become — what do you
say? rattled? at that stage of the game,
but as a matter of fact It was after tha
soldiers were In sight that he gave the
stage driver his card, touched his cap to
the ladies and disappeared.
A wise man has said that a rascal never
laughs. Now the Black Kid laughed
many times and right heartily. Therefore
he cannot be a rascal.
What is he?
JUDGE S. R. BOMANJI of Bombay.
Jit the " Any-Old- Jime" Club
"Speaking of railway accidents." re
marked the man with the bulbous nose.
"I think the strangest one I ever saw
was over here in Jo Daviess County. Two
freight trains met. bead on. when they
were coming around a curve. I was in
the caboose attached to one of the- trains,
and as scon as I could drag myself out
from the debris— t believe debris Is th»
proper word'*—
"Debris is a good word." said the man
smoking the Inverted pipe. "Go on."
"I hurried down the track. Tne cars
were piled up In Inextricable* con
fusion"
"Inextricable confusion," cheerfully
spoke up the man with the whits spot
in bis mustache, "is a peach. Keep a-go
ing."
/ "But what struck be as most remark
able was that I found myself presently
wading through custard"
"What?"
"That's what I'm telling you— custard!
Tons of it scattered along both sides of
the track for fifty yard3. I Investigated
the matter, and found that two cars of
condensed milk, a car of egS3 and a car
of sugar had been Jammed together with
such frightful force that their contents
had become"
"Inextricably confused?" suggested the
man with the glass eye.
"I'm operating the running gear of xfda
rarratlve. When I need any assistance
I'll signify it my making the usual sign.
The contents of those four cars. I say.
were so thoroughly mixed that they
turned Into custard. If you Ignoramuses
know the Ingredients of a custard, you'll
understand"
"I believe the story, of course," said
the man with his feet on the table, "but
I can't understand .how It could have been
cooked so quickly. Wasn't there a car
of stoves or a car of matches, or gaso
line, or something of that kind some
where in one of the trains?"
"I should have explained," thp man with
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The funniest thing was when the Chi
nese arrived on the scene. The coach
driver told them to get, out, and they
looked at the robber with wooden faces.
"Shell out, you fellows,", he said pleas
antly.
"No Fabe; no ' eplek Englls," they all,
said, shaking their heads.-j
The robber took a step forward and
leveled his rifle. "You fellows heap sabe
when you want to." he said sternly;" "you
ain'tgoin* to fool me like you did at Oak.
Flat Dig up!"
You should have seen the Chinese empty.
their, pockets. With , feverish haste, -- in
strong contrast to their stolidity of amo
ment,before, they threw! out money, to
bacco, cigars,. all sorts of odds and ends,
and did not atop until their pockets were
turned wrong slds out. Then they stood
with - hands high in the air, in' abject
terror.
The highwayman seemed to be" im
mensely pleased with the performance,
for he laughed heartily, and remarked:
- "Give' 'em time,' those Chinamen, and
they'll learn the ways of the land yet.";."
.We were clad to eee that he 2 bad re-
covered his good humor and more so when
he said he "Guessed it was about time for
him to keep that date." He ordered us
all back into the coaches and two of the
party who had. horses must mount and
ride in the opposite direction for half a
mile,' remaining for an hour. He threat
ened to shoot any one who disobeyed or
ders and tapped " the' stock of his rifle ¦, to
emphasize what he said. We were,ready
to , start \ when the ' soldiers : , were heard
coming down the road and therobber dis
appeared. Not, however,", without 'a few
parting words. .
Group Picture ~o/ ihe i People on the Regular Stage.
In the "sawdust towns" the small boys
have exceptional facilities for learnlnr to
these questions, when he 'told where he
had learned to leap and turn springs in
the air and fall on the back of his neck
without injuring himself. Most of the cir
cus acrobats, and not a. few of the rough
and tumble comedians of the stage, who
have graduated from ! the ring,, were
reared and learned the rudiments of their
business in the lumber towns of the
Northwest. In the "business" these are
known as "sawdust towns." on account of
tne sawmills, which are their chief indus
try. .There;are many of these Jn Wiscon
sin and Michigan and several in Iowa that
have turned out the. bulk of the acrobats
and tumblers in the business.
shoulders. And thus he gets Into the show
business. If he -works hard and studies
he may become a good acrobat In tlma.
But he cot bis start on a sawdust ail*.
they tumble until it. is time to go horns
and do the "chores." From out of them
all there generally rise two or three boys
who get the knack of the acrobatic feats.
a.d these work in constant rivalry, each
trying to excel the other.
«One day along comes a circus, and th«
best boy tumbler applies for a Job and
shows what he can do. Perhapa he 13
given a chance as a "top mounter." or
the top man in a pyramid act. because he
is light and active. "When he gets older,
heavier and stronger he may become an
"understander," or one of the men who
helps to hold a mountain of men on his
Mr, (jrlffin Passing the fiat.
Another advantage the robber must
have possessed was a knowledge of the
coaches on the road that- day, and the
characters of their passengers. When he
had overhauled the last of the four he
was ready to take to the brush, and he
the bulbous nose said, coughing behind
his hand, "that the thermometer that day
stocd at 127* in the sun."
"I don't mind a little artistic lying:."
observed the man with the green goggles,
after a long pause, "but I do hate a
bungler."— Chicago Tnbuae.
"Sawdust Towns" Responsible for Acrobats
.Where do all the acrobats and tumblers
come from? Where do they learn- their
trade? There Is no school, as such, for
the training of men who. imperil their
limbs 'for a living. An old acrobat solved
turn somersaults and handsprings In tho
great beds of sawdust that surround the
mills. Soon they begin to try the more
difficult feats they see done in th« shows
that visit the towns. After school hours
Headless Insects Make Their Funeral Toilet
It has of ton born noticed that there are
no animals which are more dainty and
fastidious in their personal habits than
insects, the extreme pains which the com
mon houscfy takes in attending to its
toilet bcir.g a good example of this racial
characteristic. The discovery has now
been made that there are certain insects
which have such a respect for Mrs. G ran
dy and are endowed with such an in
r.atft love of neatness and order that not
eve's death, or rather decapitation, can
prevent them from making one grand fi
nsJ toilet, which is clearly designed to
give thorn a sedate and respectable ap
peaj"am"o after death.
Dr. RalSion. a skilled entomologist, has
discovered this remarkable fact. "Dur
ing one of my recent horseback rides,"
j-i rsys, "I frequently caught cr.e of those
iJr-ge flies which annoy cattle and horses
co raue)», and I promptly got rid of It by
crushlEC Its head- One day, instead of
throwing Ihp mutilated insect away, I
placed It on the back of my hand and
Indolently watched It. For some seconds
the insect remained motionless, but then,
to my unbounded surprise, it moved its
front less forward to the place • where
the bead should have bee,n and, after it
had nibbed them nervously together, ap
parently in anguish, it began to brush
its body ar.d to smooth its wings with
its hind legs. Under the gentle pressure
of these limbs the body gradually became"
extended and the extremity curved, while
the wings gradually changed their nat
ural position .and left the upper" part of
the body exposed. Meanwhile the hind
legs continued to brush each other from
time to lime. Maturally I watched this
extraordinary sight with great interest,
and In order to see the finale I took the
insect Into my study, where it lived an
entire day, spending th» time at the un
grateful task of making Its own' funeral
toilet.
n*an?. He teas very nice to the ladies
«jid CUi not take their money aud valua
bles. They were allowed to get oack Into
the coach and remain there, but we men
•srer-jcom^lled to stand in line until the
other coaches all came up.
hcnor not to tell If you let us go ahead."
"Well, now." replied the' Kid with a
broad grin; "If only you fellows were
alone I'd take, a chance, but ladles can't
keep a secret, and I have a dinner date
myself."
Under the Spell of the Black Kid's Rifle.
3(Continued Next Week.)
throat unobstructed. ¦'.. She had. no- pain -of
any, kind.^and at:the morning breakfast
her'gayety and beauty impressed all the
Inhabitants of Dartmore House. She told
Georg secretly ;-of her longing, and she
seemed so strong that he consented: They
arranged to leave . on • foot as soon as
breakfast was" over without . awaiting
Bryce's daily visit. •• - • . . ¦
They left the house about 10 . o'clock.
No ono .had been. Informed of their plan.
Sunday," so hideous !n England to tourist3
anxious for amusements, pleased' -them
above all the other days of the week, par
ticularly: during -. servlce-^that • Is. until
about 4 o'clock \x\ the afternoon— when *an
absolute solitude characterized the shore,
the town, with'lts closed shops; the gar
dens, with \ the tennis court; the
port, where the boats seemed to slumber.
and'even the roads, no longer made dusty
with noisy breaks, landaus or pedestrians.
It seemed to them at such moments that
the deserted country, roads and sea all
belonged tothem.-
strength. In order to show that she was
, now quite strong again she carried, the
oars upon her shoulder.' They got into
the boat in a little creek that was close
at hand. 'Lea took the rudder and G«*«*e
rowed strongly in order to go round Glider
Rock, upon which it was Impossible to
land at high tide except from the west.*
"They reached the rock In less than half
an hour without Lea's having suffered !n
the least, so calm was the sea. The tide
covered the base of the rock, but with the
help of dynamite a little port and a fairly
large landing stag~ had been made. Geors?
Jumped out first, fastened the boat, and
taking Lea in his arms lifted her on shore.
From there to the platform upon which
the little church was built, they went with
out much difflffleulty up a staircase cut in
the living rock, and which, like the rather
mournful Gothic style of the English
church, would probably have spoiled the
picturesque charm of the site if the work
of the: pious Saville^had not been con
tinued and Improved by nature during the
BOOK, TEE THIRD.
Copyrighted— CHAPTER VI—Contiuued.
Si — -SQIIMERLY. during their period of
Jj —^ separation.' Georg and Lea had
fl Often dreamed of being reunited.
u lKid fetac&t to picture to themselves
the hours that would follow their inecl-
Ing:.. Ar.ii- across the distance their imagi
nations bail met and had ji'.cturtd to them
a. return, to the happy ei>och of their lives.
The - nffxx-rkmate cays of London would
Ltc.;i again, but iliia time in complete
liberty, in perfect freedom.
.The- period t,l trial was over. The lovers
\vcre reunited. Ni.thlnj; shacjded them
iio-.v, neither il.J m-c-osaity. of a daily toil
'nor the vskuc imt powerful 'scruple of a
compact of mystic fraternity. They v.ere
free, at kis'jre and in a ravishinply beau
t.-: 1.: t-noi. They loved, and those around
them v.crc UJO.aTOpwylipe* of tbctr j^ve.
'a ue ci'i.u.tiou ci nuirriase. ludisieJ upon
by Edith, arid which :n bngtaoa i« rt-Ju^cJ
16 trie meiv«l loiraaiuy, liaU bet 11 volun
tarily Mpoepted Jjy Georg and was accom
plished aimost ci optc after Lea's arrival,
it is true Gcors* retained h:s room on tne
fcaomi tioor. wmu- Leu. suit iiursvd by
i-diii:. occupied the room next to the yel
low dCtu-lus-rooni ur. the lirst r.oor. if
l»r. liryce at-fced Ueocs to regard his pa
tient jis a sisue.' lor bjsue utr.e longer,, and
if Lea hemclf, in ihe modesty of der phy
sical deterioration, imploreu him to allow.
l-.cr to become Lciuuiul n gain— no thine at
Buy late &een:e-u to ,iiiinnnize the joy of
the betrot!:ed bride and bridegroom.
They then lc^rued ihis tad truth, that
the put <"an never be recommenced, sim
j.ly i-ccausc ve ere {.regressive beings, and
t;iai cvcii were the limits around us to
remain unchanged w should ¦ see them
viih ether eyes, should enjoy them witn
another heart. r J."be days at Torquay were
not at all like those in London.
In Ijondan, unui tiiey went on* together
from ii;«- iiule hout-e la Arple Tree Yard
to the lianas or th<? suburbs they were two
children, m once carries* and crave and
jAiic-. full of laith ta *-h-.» principles tn.tt
governed tiieir life, thtir siyuls ponteut
ami t!i-.-ir caim. Now, their uneer
taintii^, the Buintua.1 change that hud
la.*ve» ;jlace in them, ha.'i inspired them
wf.h d^ubt. The crystal cf tUeir soul no
linger iT-ive. ou-.. as fbnnexiy. the same
vuie scumJ. 'liiey no looser believed in
tl;e inialllblllljr and i:nmmab!luy uf doc
trine*.' They migtu ncrttaps Have discov
ered some tranquillity in systematic doubt,
or ;iL..-x.;uu: fclii-piicistri. or even la the in
ert indifference whicn is th^ jmvilege of
conirr.ua nuiiiis. But they baa Qoi at
tkim-ti and inhabited tlie summits of the
laea.1 wan Impunity, They still felt a
nostalgia and vertigo, although they had
jvoluntiirily- rrdesccndeii to tne orainary
plains i)t :ife. They longed to love a» uji
ordinary coup'e. They bowed their BOtlU
.'.«* accept the yoke of universal instinct,
'i'bac instinct Had brief moments of tri
uiTijih. but the indignant an<l lucid soul
condemned ' the lyrarunous selfishness of
the huftbasfd 1 i'.r.U ihe cowardly servitude
of . ibe wife. A strange uneasiness, the
traditional shame of the first man ami
woman, entered their souls, and even in
the moments when ih« joy of their union
an<l when smiling nature conspired to im
part to them the tranquillity of former
.limes they felt they were no longer alone.
Two phantoms were near, watching them.
g-!kiing between them, separating them:
the ?ham« cf sensual desire and the fear
cf death.
1 he tTMtie 01 aesire irouiuea tneir ca
rrsses; not the shame suggested by the
Christian idea of sin — for were they not
nuarrit-d? — but a.' more delicate and ra
tional, more really human shame, a feel
ing born of the opinion they both had held
from childhood about the-, relations of
-man arid woman in a conventional so
ciety. In what is knowu as marriage and
love t'.w-y had distinguished too clearly
and for too^ir.g the tyranny of man ami
the subjection^of woman and had hated
it. They wot:ld have liked to belong to
<-arh othrr. and y< t escape from a lav/
which makes of onr- the vanquished and
cf the other the sf Ifiph victor; but in spite
of all their longing the hereditary law
imposed itself. At the moment of sac
ruicing a little of her modesty. Lea's eyes
bepsed and implored him: sometimes her
feeble hands offered resistance, and at
the Fame time she. read the imperious
Irresponsible brutality of masculine de
6l«' in O^org's eyes. Neither had «ny re
prcach M.ve for himself or herself; he
blaming himself for bis violence, she con
demning herself for her resistance. But
a CttlfOUS discord separated them the mo
ment they embraced. And. stronger than
the hope in Lea's heart of yielding only
when she was once more beautiful as be
fnrr-..wt ightirr than Dr. Bryce's advice to
G'-ors. a mutual divination of their des
tiny postponed the hour when they would
really become man and wife.
Hut another anxiety was mlngJed with
their expectancy of the consent of des
t:r.y v.hieh would liberate their souls. Sup
rkose destiny thould lie to them and re
fuse the triumph they foresaw? Suppose
life should fail love? The thought that
cieath might cut down the virgin bride
troiiMcd them all the more crueily from
the fa.'i that they dared not admit it to
<-.\eb other. They tried to hide their anx
iety from or.e another, and realized that
they could not succeed. Ocorg read the
dreadful sentence In Lea's visage, «bear
lng, oven in k the ring of her voice more
than 111 Dryce's reticence, or in the ap
peals ninde after each daily visit to spare
his patient any shock that might cost her
life. Georg had known Lea so overflowing
with poothfpl vigor and health! Whereas
he fcaG ruffeml from a sort of nervous
languor in London, had she not been like
a refnvigxsraung four : rain of Joy at which
lie siaked his thirst? A- -.child of the mel
•ncfeoly nrrtli. he ha-J learned through her
to enjoy life and movement;' through her
he had learned to love. In vain -now he
tried to persuade himself that Lea was
«-ii\c<: TU«c co::tr:lsi to-day was too strik-
Jnp, with the picture that- His memory re
caiitd in spite "of himself :- the terrifying
truth couid T.ot. be subdued. I;. wa« not
constant.- Hours nnd days pasfcetl In a
continuity of !;ope and faith, but at an
unexpected moment a movement, a v.-crd
or s.rr.]>ly without any appreciable rca
ton. lie taw jhe truth.
It was a little dullness of Lea's counte
r.anc«. whence thousht and life teemed
to disappear, f.s though the blrxxl had
«.-onp<?al<Hj ;>r become decomposed under
neath the hkin: her cheeks became hol
low and bloodless, the corners of her
mouth drooled as though the muscle*
were rclaNe-J, and her nose, with its pura
outline, wemed fieshless at the nostrils;
a'.', brilliancy <Je»erte»l the bcautlfaJ eyes.
of which the blue suddenly bocame vitrl
fiOd. U only lasted a second, just the
length ril a brief physical contraction, of
a secret r-xiroxysm of pain suffered by the
Invalid. Sometimes she herself was uacon
foious oJ it. and simply surprised the re
flection of the passing presage of death
Upoa Gccrg:'s terri'led counu/i.ince. fehe
longed to intensely tO4be beautiful and to
live for hSjn, and she spurred her nerves
X10 nfrvrvo t .'tiLJa-.iinc action of the organs,
and thru h»r>yes brightened, her checks
crirr.sontd .i^ain- j^ad her muscles were
Jretrnscd. while her 'smiling lips again re
covered their rich color.~--At >>uch mo
ments G«=orp would say to himself, "I
¦^a^ <ln -i-tnlvs- She is much better.. She
Is better evrry day. . She will soon be the
Lea at ¦ former times." But the arrow
Tyas IxnpUuilcri and remained quivering in
tkrth'thelr hearts.
At other times, while sitting bv her side.
Qerw would suddenly notice the empty,
broken fatfs. cf the dress outlining Lea's
limbs, os thourrh the poor body beneath
it were completely, dissolved, reduced to
a FVolctfcn. At 5-ach mo'ments pity would
tingle In Georg's h<"art and he would be
come suddenly pale. And his paleness
tras always noticed by Lea. who would
then arranpp her dress with a despairing
rcourjry. eprecCinjr it like a screen, so as
to hloV the ravages of her Illness.
Or again, mhile speakinp. the tone of her
voice, would; change suddenly, the words
fat! ami a. f=ort of veil., by degrees more
ami more -dense, wm to be hiding the
Foncrniw source until a light fit of cough-
Ing would Ebatter it and throw !t off
J>a J h3r<3ly perceived this, but Georg. in
ppHe of tihnself. watched for It,' Imagined
be- .traced It -even in moments when the
voice was strong and ppwerful. And it
was one of hi* bitterest * sources of sad
ness to think that h«» would never Rgain
hpnr. the volre that Lea had formerly.
Thir*. although never wearv at bffng
together, they noticed with distress that
to be face to face, and the anxiety of de-
Klre aggravated by the horrible thought
of <1eath. Boon exceeded the power of their
poui5. They would then embrace without
/luring to ?peaU of their Fiifferlntrs. How
could th»»y express th*mseh'<»F In words?
Then they would arain m1n»rl« 5n the
peaceful activity of DarJmonr irmjFf. 1!i<»
She again foresaw a future of fraternal
tranquillity, and then only did the souve
nir of Pirnitz and Frederique. whom she
had abandoned in the- midst of the con
flict, arise before her to trouble her Joy
She could have wished them therein that
peaceful home. In that enchanting coun
try, calm as she was. free as she was.
Lea's health Improved, particularly af
ter the second week In September. The
temperature rose and. remained at a gen
uine summer height. Yes. it was reallv
summer, midsummer, at the beginning of
autumn. It was Indicated by the bluish
limpid sea and glowing sky.' the white
and red villas with wide. open windows
and balconies protected by striped awn
ings.- under which gray hairqtl women and
fair young girls in many , colored print
blouses were reading or drinking tea; the
leveled tennis courts where smooth faced
stron£ly built youths and adroit girls hit
the balls backward «.nd -• forward = with
methodical agility. Summer was indicat
ed by the concerts upon the crowded pier,
at the end of which one might have been
at the bow of a *hlp entering) an 'Ideal
port In a fnjry paradise of verdure," flow
ers and pnlaces to the sound of Joyous
music. Summer was shown In the vessels
ranged In the port' nnd roadstead, the
ynchts with their <li»l!ratc tracery of. r!g-
Every evening, moreover, the .worthy
nurse took her place by Lea's side, watch
ing her and sleeping for a few hours of
light slumber upon a little couch near the
virgin bride. Although Lea's health was
visibly improving, her nights were still
restless and with sudden fits of suffoca
tion, racking coughing: and enfeebling per-
Epiratlon*. Edith having brought Lea back
to Georg, had assumed the task of curing
her, and only then, when her task was
accomplished, would she consider herself
free to embark for Queensland-
After supper, when Ida and Carola had
effered their cheeks for a kiss from all,
they usually remained together In the yel
low <Jra wing-room, the windows open upon
the balcony overlooking the bay. Georg
¦would Fit down and play the old mahog
any piano. Tinka and Lea were fond of
muVlc; the professor was not insensible to
It. Tinka would sine Finnish melodies as
In the days of Apple Tree Yard. Some
times Lea. without forcing her voice so
as not to fatigue her lungs and throat,
would hum the melodies with her. Hoedel
would rub his.handB together with silent
satisfaction: nothing but njusic could pre
vent him sleeping after ' meals. Edith
came and •went, in complete indifference,
leaving the drawing-room to go and see
if the children were quiet, or to help Liz
zie and the maid in the kitchen, when
the piano became silent, they would talk
peacefully. Georg and Tinka would be
pin* or.e of the grave and simple discus
sions In which they sought to explain to
themselves their own conscience. Hoedel
from, time to time would contribute a"phor-
Isms'drawn from his German mystical
etuuiefc. Edith, upon her side, throwing in
verses of the Scriptures, for- both we're
convinced that reasoning' could be re
placed by rhetoric. These tranquil mo
ments were sweeter to Lea than the trou-'
bled instants she parsed clasped in
Georg's arms" nnd reading a tyrannical
longing in his eyes. The warmth of the
meal gave a fictitious fullness and bril
liancy to her cheeks. She was beautiful
at such moments and she knew It; She
feit that Georg thought her beautiful, and
sometimes she would take his hand and
6ay:
"I am so happy here!"
The other little girl,- Carola, was
slower, heavier and less amusing, rather
silent and' was somewhat hustled
abqut and dominated over by Ida, her
junior by a year and a half. She showed
a marked preference for her father, who
worshiped her, finding in her a faint re
semWance to himself. In fact, her pretty,
fat, rosy face had his big prominent blue
eyes, and her fair hair, instead of being
short and curly, like that of Tinka and
Ida. was gathered in wavy tresses, prob
ably like Hoedel's in his childhood, to
judge by what he said. "She Is the living
image of what I was at hef age," the
good fellow in the gol«t rimmed spectacles
would say. He took hsr with him In his
entomological excursions,' and they could
be seen parsing along the.roads and lanes,
the little one holding the tail of her fath
er's frock coat, while he netted insects
and butterflies. She would theri'help him
to prepare and to fix them in bmxes; and
her clothes, like those of the doeW, gave
out an odor of chemicals and drugs that
irritated Tinka's nerves. '
Edith was absent almost all day long
and took but little share in the' life of
Dartmoor House. She had discovered a
feminist group, tinged with Methodism,
at Torquay and had affiliated herself
with it. &he .only put in "appearance at
meal times. She came in red and quivtr-
Ing with enthusiasm and discussed vast
projects, such as the Idea of going to join
a colony In Queensland, founded upon the
basis of absolute equality of the sexes,
for which colony the group she had Joined
was recruiting adherents. "Kurope." she
declared, "is the land of Gomorrah; the
Just ought to flee from It before the fire
of heaven consumes It."
She intended this curious appellation as
symbolic of regenerated women, the her
alds of the future Eve. The adventures
of Pirnitz in Paris, the union of men in
opposition to the feminist work, had deep
ly impressed her genius. She had derived
the subject of her book from them. And
with the instinctive obstinacy of the nov
elist, haunted by her work, she continu
ally brought around Idea's conversation
t>> this humble tragedv, to the attacks
of Minor au<] Duramberty, Mile. Heur
teau's treachery. Duvecke's marriage and
Germaine's crime. Ivt-a replied to her
questions without repugnance, related all
the incidents, and gave her every detail.
No one could have induced her to utter a
word upon the subject in the hospital on
Commercial road. Her past at that mo
ment filled -er with horror. She attrib
uted all her misery, all her physical de
terioration to It. But now that she was
once more with her. betrothed and had
broken every link that attached her to
Pirnitz. she talked about it almost with
pleasure: just as the memory of his
broken chains became a sort of keen joy
lor an escaped prisoner.
Little lua. curious and restless, was al
most always playing near Tinka. She
was very dear to her mother, in spite of
the tumult that she created around her
work. Often when the young woman was
thinking, her chair pushed back a little
from the table, nibbling at her penholder
with her tiny teeth and her left hand
hanging by her side, a little, fat hand
wuuid come and seize it and two soft,
fresh lips would be pressed on the tip*
of her nngerf. Like an affectionate dog.
the child wou.d sit on the stool for Tinka s
feet and the fair head would nestle on
the maternal bosom." At other times Ida
would gravely establish hersell upon a
chair furnished with a book and pencil.
She would then devote all her efforts to
imitating the attitude and movements of
her' moiner, tracing all sorts of myste
rious hieroglyphics upon the white pages,
and If any one questioned her she replied
that she was "writing a book like
mamma." .
friendly home where everybody. smiled up
on them, rejoiced in their tenJerncss, aiit
mired them while feeling compassion for
them. For all, even captain Morley's
ia.niily knew the broad outlines of their
romantic adventure and all asked Dr.
Bryce. about her every day and . were
alarmed, by his evasive replies.
cieurg and Lea cherished this calm and
yel Missy reruge in Dartmoor House,
where so many peaceful and unemotional
existences surrounded their tragic Hie,
and where, without disturbing their at
tention for one another, the faces and ob
jects around them reassured them.
The Mork-y family lived at the top of
the house in an uncomfortable set of
rooms, being relegated there by the lodg
ers, Mrs*. Morley passed her solitary days
there. She was asthmatic and lymphatic
and snent her life, sxretched out upon a
soia, occupying herself in turns with read-
Ing the pile of magazines always tit her
t-lliow and in embroidery. The captain
and his daughter were both Indefatigable,
and transacted yll the work of the house.
He sawed the wood in th<? little yard, re
paired the furniture and had perpetually
tome tool in his llaml. or wa8*i}een climb
ing up a ladder, perspiring, red-faced,
with an irritable and yet important air.
Lizzie, active and silent, seemed to pass
her life in cleaning woodwork and kitchen
Utensils, her pale, insipid physiognomy
barely distinguishable irom that of an
ordinary servant.
The nursery, Georg's room, the profes
sor's bedroom, which Tinka now shared,
as she had given up hers to Lea, were on
tho second tloor. But Tinka usually re
mained in the yellow drawing room on the
first floor. There she scribbled for hours
at a time, seated before the little desk in
the right hand corner beside one of the
open windows. She had begun a new work
entitled "The Storks" a few weeks before.
gir.g, the crews of oarsmen training for
racea and the sailing boats incessantly
crossing the bay between Torquay an.d
Paington. contending in speed with the
little panting steamers. And. above all.
summer— Hummer of the South— was evi
denced In the raoro than luxuriant v*?e
tatiop—vigorous and incredibly 'exuberant
— that bristlcti rverywhero upon the-red
dish earth of the hills and enveloped Vane
Hill anil \\'al<l<ui Hill with a dense cnvcr
inrr of dark foliago and purple"' ilowers,
that penetrated through the Ranlen walls,
invader! fhe ;roads and enlaced an arch
way of gigantic branches above the coun
try roads — the celebrated lanes of Devon
shire. .- ' - •
The slender leaved phoenix, bristHng
cacti, palms In their hirsute sheath, aloes,
aucubas. cypresses, all the flora of the
south mlnsrled with the trees of . the north
—plane, birch, even pines and the beech.
The hedgps were as though woven, of
flowers, of violet harebells like huge
morning priories, scarlot fuchsias' and
roses of nil colors. ~ A single phrase alone
could adequately describe at once the
abundance, -the (hick growth and the ex
cessive vigor of the plants. It was as
Edith had already left for church. She
spent her entire Sundays there. Lea
dressed alone. For the first time for
months she felt strong and vigorous— her
respiration was free and unfettered, her
One Sunday morning Lea awoke so
happy and well -that she felt a keen de
sire tor a boating excursion. She put on
her Crossing crown and ran to the window
of the yellow drawing room. Tho rising
tide W"hs barely decked by a ripple, and
the light lace work of the Influx died
away on the coast after every gentle
¦\vnvo. Thf> sun was still low in the heav
or.s. but was already strong, and Gilder
Rock was surrounded by a bluish haze In
the distance.
And every day. in their ' excursions
around tho bay, they perceived . Giider
Rock rising out of the sea like a broken
pyramid, the piace where Get>rg, before
Lea's arrival, took refuge In his moody
solitude and hatred of all sounds and all
living ficesr According to the point from
which they perceived it. -they saw a slops
covered with verdure or a red, bare cliff
indented 'half way up by 3. black, cave.
Lea loved this isolated rock. She sought
it with her eyes the instant', the sea was
before her. She longed to make a pil
grimage to It with Georg as to a sacred
spot where he had thought of her;in de
spair and bitterness. But Bryce advised
them to wait until Lea had quite recov
ered. .The invalid was a poor sailor, and.
no matter how brief might be the little
crossing, a. spasm of the stomach might
provoke a fresh spitting of blood.
They were. now. In .the* last days of sum
mer and it seemed as though the heat In
creased and the sunlight became more
dazzling. « Dr. Bryce. who had Inhabited
the district for a long time, said that this
tardy return of the dog days prognosti
cated equinoctial tempests. "We shall
have sonic bad weather and then the sun
light -will return with the ' autumn; for
this corner, of England has n more regu
lar, average warmth than Nice or Italy."
Georg and' Lea profited from the la«t
fine days ta extend their promenades. It
sometimes happened • that they would
leave after early breakfast and remain
absent until evening, lunching' hi some
little Inn where beer, butter and shell
fish, or a lobster and crabs, were always
to be found. .After lunching Lea would
rest upon a sofa, or. seated in some old
and comfortable armchair, with G'.org
holding her hand, she would fall asleep.
They always returned narly. avoiding, in
compliance with Bryce's instructions, the
.«udden lowering of the temperature that
followed the setting of the sun.
of Devonshire— where the recently garn
ered yellow wheat left the harsh patches
of stubble standing beside the ploughed
land, fields and cultivated ground. Some
times a tardy harvest was being got In.
a strongly built horse dragging the cart,
with its wide spreading supports, while
elsewhere the big stack?, like houses
thatched with straw, were in course of
construction. At other points the fields
of potatoes formed lines of -verdure above
the ground, or the 1 - brick colored earth,
tilled and turned over many a time,
awaited the autumn seeding, or in the
humid. velvety pastures cattle were
grouped in the shade of clusters. of old
trees., At the bend in some narrow. lane,
vaulted with leafy branches, - a flock of
sheep would suddenly appear, crowding
together In alarm at the sight of the two
promenaders. A little sheep boy with
flaxen hair would get them lii order again,
and the sheep would pass In a'niad ilif?ht,
rubbing against them, with their wool
"reddened by the dust of the fields. Then
live lane again became solitarv and silent,
and' the two lovers would unite their lips
heavy with kisses. But in the voluptuous
calm of the country their ; yearning lost
Us bitter after t»tste. . > ¦
¦ Sometimes in-thoir joyous rambles abrjut
the unfamiliar c< unty the Vurtnln of trees
•would': suddenly be torq aside, the. low
hills would disclose the horizon and 1 the in
finitude of the sea would meet their gazp;
It smiled at them, that sea which they had
once divined at the end of the valley of
the Thames, as they stood on the hill of
Hampshire Heath and contemplated Lon
don emerging from the springtide mist for
nn instant— the sea., evocatress of long
voyages and Journeys toward the coun
tries of the south! The purple rocks near
'the soft moving plain descended abruptly,
bristling with points and lumps. -.but al
ways covered with shrubbery,'' flowering
bushes and thick verdure, that hid the
sinuous lines of th« paths. They wouM
stop , in .delight, and with arms enlaced
would seek in one another's eyes tho
mirage of this immensity. The effort of
the walk and the balmlness of ' tho air
brightened Lea's eyes and color. "No."
Georg would think at such moments, "it
Is not possible that she Is dangerously i'l.
Life Is too vigorous In her. Shft has sim
ply been undermtnpd by sorrow and mis
fortune, that Is all." .,
Little by little the sea conquered L*>a as
It had conquered Georg. They abandoned
the lanes of the Interior for the pictur
esque coast, and rarely lost sight of the
horizon across the bay. They would go
off by the rocks under the afternoon sun
It was a* stout, little bark In which ten
people could have been stowed very com
fortaMy. A chain fastened it at the stern
to a strong ring sunk into the cllfT. Georg
unlocked the padlock, released the oar*
and pushed the boat flown the sloping
beach into the water. Lea In the mean
time admiring his supple skill »«d
They went off again as active and cheer
ful as children. While scrambling .down
the path Gcorp explained to Lea that the
old man had fcrmprly been a fisherman
and later hail entered the service of Mr.
Paville the original propricior of (JiUler
Rock. It was lip who had transported all
the building material used, for the. con
struction of the little church, and. more
rrccntly still.' had taken across the few
articles of furniture for Georg's Impro*
vised studio. The boat in which they
were going to row to the Rock belonged
to him. ¦ • •
"Let us make haste!" said Lea.
"Oh the rain won't come before to-mor
row, or perhaps to-nipht. It's too hot.
But If you are only going to the Rock
there's no riyk. You'll have time to see
the storm coming on and to -come back
without getting wet."
They went round Torquay wMthout en
tering the town, along Park Hill road and
Sea road, and reached Babbacombe and
St. Mary's Church, pretty little twin pil
lages upon the plateau to the north over
looking the bay. From this- point they
perceived Gilder Rock, so near that they
could distinguish the wild flowers among
the shrubbery. Georg guided Lea to a
path winding down to* the beach among
the rocks, but before following it ho
rapped at the door of a little ancient, one
storv cottage on the edt?e of the road,
Fiirrbunded by a tiny garden overrun with
fuchsias. A thin man. of tall stature,
white-haired and with h's chin newrly
reddened by the Sunday shave, opened the
door. He spoke in a deep grating voice,
with an impassive air.
"Good day, sir."' he said.
"Good day, Bissie. Is everybody we!l
here?" .
'"Ye?. sIk. -The old woman Is at the ser
vice. She was uneasy about you because
you v/c-re no longer to be seen. You have
not be<-n ill. sir?"
"No. Kissie: thanks. Is the boat on trie
beach?" *
"Yes. plr. I went over her this morning
and cleaned her. Do you want the key
of the padlock?" ,
He rummnped in h!s woolen vest and
held out a K«?y. red with sea rust.
"What sort of weather shall we have,
asked Georg.
A livid stripe made Its appearance near
the horizon and slowly bs^adened. The
gulla had returned and were whirling
round in hungry swarms over some ln
<li=tlnct object in the sea about a quarter
ox a mile from Gilder KooK. Georg and
L*-a, with clasped hands, and dazzled by
the sunlight which became more brilliant
a? midday approached, were silent tot a
long time. They were convinced they
were dreaming of the same thing, of their
own lives, of the mysterious fatality that
had brought them together— him from the
Bteppoa of an Arctic region, a country of
flshermen and herdsmen, still close to
primitive simplicity; her from the city
par excellence, the symbol of antiquated
cl%ilixations. Destiny had made them
love each other, leave each other, almost
hate each other, then they had been re
united, still to suffer until the present
moment, In which they, pardoned each t
other. \ -- ¦
Lea broke the silence and said In a
grave voice:
"I was thinking that at this moment
Plrnitz and Krederique are struggling in
Paris to overcome redoubtable obstacles,
to free women from the authority, pro
tection and love of man. They believe it
to be their duty. I myself bejleved it for
a long time, but now I am convinced that
my duty is to live with you and love
"I love you!" said Georg.
She pos*d her clasped hands against tho
j-oung man's bosom, her ey«rs scrutinizing
htm as though she would Implore from
his Hps the words of truth."
"And yet," she continued, I am haunt
ed'by what Tinka and you said the even-
Ing I arrived. I remember it so well. It
seems to me that when I was with P.rnit*
and Krederique I was right; I did what I
ought to do; and It seems to me to-day,
also, now that I am near you, that I am
acting In conformity with reason and
duty. The two duties, the two truths,
seem to contradict' each, other; and yet X
no longer feel their contradiction awakw
rebellion or haired in me. Tell me. be
loved, you who penetrate so marvelousljr
Into the secret of the conscience, whence
comes the peace that I enjoy now? It is
not because I am Indifferent— for I love at
once the truth^of yesterday and of to
day." .-'*';' - £»':- v ; -
Georg was silent for a moment, medi
tating, his eyes fixed upon that livid band
like a slash in the horizon between tho
eky and sea. It was slowly growing larser
and was clouded here and there by a faint
smoky mist. '
••"When 1 was far from you. replied
Georg. "I often questioned myself about
these things, and, like you. I am sure that
Frederique, Plrnitz and Edith are doing
good: that Tinka and I were richt when
we left Tramsoe. No! the crowd may
sneer at such absolute ideas, but they are
not erroneous." The necessity of emanci
pating women is not a Utopia. Vv'oman Is
really 'the serf, of man tp-<lay: man is
really the enemy and tyrant of woman.
But -this period of servitude and hostility
will not last forever. Pirnttz's doctrines,
which are good during the period «'f r»jn
bat. will then be useless and false. They
will die naturally the day that woman
will have triumphed and secured equality.
Xow it depends upon us to consummate
this future epoch at once, tor ourselves,
for the human couple that we form.
"You are right." murmured Lra. Why
should you whom I worship be my enemy .
Why should I tieat you as an enemy, you
who would not wish me harm .
"Neither harm, nor even your subjec
tion. Thar.k God. I have thrown off for
my part, the evil. Inheritance which in
cites man to curb woman under his yoke.
I know that von are my equal. It is not
necessary for" you to rebel against me to
prove H- and. therefore, you cannot en
slave yourself in loving me.
"You know what my companions used
to *av Georee? They bellpve that woman
n Sit- of aTl, is only a yictim In love and
man -i victor. Is It not true? Did we not
feel that ©urselves without admitting It
during the first days of our love?"
"Thev "speak truly."- repl'ed Georg. "in
their conception of th^ hostile sexes.
which is really that of the humanity ot
to-dav Cut when the future city whoso
Image 'is In U3 shall have be^n built, when
the emancipated woman shall have be
come th«» equal of man. do you thir.k that
one Of the two will be the victor and the
other the vanquished because they love
each other? I am certain. I have faith,
that love, far from sacrificing one to the
other. Will double their individual
Lea's eyes shone with the sincerity of;
her fervor. She took Georg's head be
tween her hands, and In the voice that
t»he had uttered the words of their mystlo
betrothal on the moor of Hampstead
Heath, she cried? ¦
"Georg! Georg! If you speak truly, in.
order that I have the right to abdicate
the noble dreams of Frederique and Plr
nitz. I must become the Eve that they
predict, the woman of the future city!
If I am only a poor being, still Imprisoned
in the past, they are r«ght-I really abdi
cate and lower myself In giving myself
toyon! Oh! do not deceive me! You ar»
better, more lucid and stronger than I
am! Revra! my soul to me! Even thoueh
I' jhoufd falter and lower myself. I *tlll
would belong to you! And I would be'th*
vanquished. 1 would T>e the slave of old.
end would bow down before you! But for
you. for you, who are realty the disen
thralled, the man of the future city I
would I mlcht he the future Eve, the only
br'<1«» worthy of your*
Without replying he drew her to hlim
-She bowed her head upon Georg's shnuli
der. her face transfigured: the miewert
beauty of their affection Intoxicated them.
dozen years that had elapsed -dhc. V*
death. The " l v £y« and niffhu had N
flee freely on stormy ««£^ d the rather
eaten away and •™ D ™J n I Jr The north- !
shiny crudity of the sioi Wast cf
eastern wall, oppo^d to ine red wltb
the Prevailing winds, was l thff
mors, wllhered a A d Ia l " r e ne G Ot hic window
&eTk £r?&2? rj stood £
|«W O nafee C !S" flow.gr cried L£
"I have never seen anything ««¦«=
before. What are t he y ? ' hlndw e e cr •• said
Gco T rr -V^% nev^rfeen^nTaiiywhere
raising the sailcloth cur
tain? with which Bissie shut out the baa
weather at the door and vsindow. At tn«
moment a flock of seagulls s J* erv J?.^
mum! the rock quite close to the two
lovers. Lea could distinguish their _ tlnj.
rapacious beads, their cruel. SfZgin^
eyes, their little rosy, half curved claw*,
then suddenly they were oni> a * m £'
mass of snow far off on the sea, and the
salt odor of their flight died away witn
their passing clamor. " , n
Now that the little church was open to
the air and sunlight George led Leao %er
It. She was touched with a sentiment or
affectionate curiosity. ,.. h
"It Is not very comfortable. Is It. no
said, "but the furniture, with the «cep
tion of my painting paraphernalia, was
selected by Blssle." "•' .„?•„—
That' which Georg called his PfJ°«nff
paraphernalia formed a heap thrown
down In a corner and covered wltn a
piece of cloth from which emerged tri*
top of an easel. The furniture consisted
of a couch, ah armchair and a low tab.e.
A big marine lantern was placed upon tiw
altar at the end of the church. a^L^ar
paulin garments— a suit of tlahermens
overalls— were hanging on the wall siae
.by side with a Scotch plaid.
"I have often passed several days to
gether without leaving this modest snei
ter." said Georg. "I slept the short hour*
of. sorne. of the August nighu upon that
Lea. uniting her own past to that of
Georg in a sort of loving fervor, mur
mured: ¦
••How we both have suffered:
• She leaned upon his arm. drinking Ja
the spectacle presented by those »»<»»
grown stonees and the humble articles
that hail" witnessed the solitary suffering
of her beloved. The dome of the chancel
was cracked in an oblique direction, and
through the fissure a few sturdy branches
seemed to spring from the rock, one ot
them almost touching the earth. They re
turned to the crumbling window, and
from there all the outline of the coast
was Invisible. They could only see the
sky and the sea toward the southwest,
as from the -prow of a ship upon the
ocean.' Georg dragged the conch before
the window so that Lea could rest face to
face with the horizon. They sat down side
by side, pervaded by a sentiment or deep
peace. The sun mounted toward the me
ridian, flooding the. sea with its almost
perpendicular rays, so that the l"tj a
flecks unon the surface were gradually
being effaced. The sea. rreen near the
rock, then bJue. extended in the distance
like an immense lake of liquid copper.
"I am so happy." said Lea, "that no
other woman has ever been here with
you!" ¦• , . t . ¦ ,•
He did not reply, but their eyes ca
ressed each other's beloved visage, and
Georg felt that she was thinking of Iho
woman In Italy whom he had clasped in
his arms and' who had taught him sen
suality. And that voluptuousness now
appeared to him so vain, so base, that ho
no longer felt remorsd for having learned
It.
THE S [JND A Y C ALI,.
Lea
4
Tfoey Went Without Much Difficulty Up a Stalrr
case Cut In tb? Living Rock-
though one were living In an open air
hothouse, of which the crystal of the sky
formed the vault. In" fact, the perfume of
a hothouse reigned - every where, ¦ for the
atmosphere was laden with the dust of
flowers rendered more pungent ¦ by th«
salubrious breath of the sea.
Lea visibly changed in the vivifying ar
dor of nature., \\)r. Bryce. who auscultat
ed her every -day, ijo-sv ventured to give
a more encouraging prognostic. ! Hope be
gan to glow In the heart of the two lov
ers. They began to have faith, in life
again, and «by a natural tendency, as
thoughts of death left them, their love
was more peaceful; ; their desire » was "¦¦ no
longer anxious and . unwholesome, and
they awaited the hour when they could
possess each other completely, im.all the
plentitude .of their will and in the health
<u their conscience ; and of • their beings.
' Lea again became'eager for* air' and
movement, and ;they recommenced"" the
cherished afternoon excursions of old— at
first in a carriage, then on foot, as in the
days of London and Richmond. - They did
not care for the town, with - Its banal,
busy streets, .. nor. eyen the .-'.. promenade
along the shore and the gardens near the
pier. They met there^too frequently 'the
conventional Bath cnair. •: in which . a
young woman with bloodless cheeks or
a perishing youth was being- wheeled
about, and who watched 'the happy pass
ing couple with .deep, sunken, feverish
eyes.' They undertook longer and longer
•walks as Lea's - strength^ returned." -As
they . were active : pedestrians, ¦". they -Were
not long in learning the ; environs o£\ that
odorous bay from one end to the ¦ other
of the. rocky antennae which enclosed it.
The railway took; them -into- the open
country." where they would get out joy
fully at some little rural station, and from
there would ramble about the shady lanes
all over the county— the rich, lush county
after breakfast, avoiding: the well-known
paths, for ho was as nimble as a chamois
or bear hunter, and she, confident and
daring 1 bo long as her hand was held In
Georg's. $ When they discovered a ¦ suf
ficiently wild spot to. their liking, some
creek* well out of the way of ordinary ex
cursionists, they would stop, would sit
down on the shore or the cliff and let the
hours slip by with the light- which gradu
ally descended like -'the golden sand of a
gigantic hourglass from the sky toward
the sea. V,--' -•¦ i"4 f'i ¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦"'¦¦' '¦¦¦'¦¦
. In an ever-Increasing tranquillity they
would /tell each other at last of those
hours of-separation of which the-story by
a sort of hostile modesty had died upon
their lips at fust. And, little by .little,
their pasf surged, from Jhe depths of their
memory. They lived it over again, were
astonished - 10 , have . been what they had
been,, to have .done i what- they had done,
and yet U> feel the mysterious link of their
personality unite the present to the" van
ished^past, the conscience and will* of ye»
"terday to their conscience arid will of to
day! And from that moment, lucid and
healthy, they,: rejoiced -to examine; their
thoughts;. to study the particular form of
comprehension, of will, that explain the
soul,, so "to. speak. .They. -were overjoyed
to tlnd their souls as they had been at the
time of their more mystic affection. They
had "not 'Changed: They were simply
ripened : by, experience and knowledge of
life. -They cherished the changeless form
of their souls, though they also. worshiped
the cicatrices marked upon them by soli
tude and suffering. '/¦:;¦,
¦ . They: were soon familiar with all the
celebrated 'points' scattered - .around .the
b&y. Tcignmouth. r Dartmouth. Oddl
rombe, i Babbacombe, Anstey's Cove, Dad
dy hole Plain. -They discovered mothers
that had no- name, • and that ¦¦ they prefer
red as things . belonging to : themselves.Special Expressions of Childhood
GROWN people — men or ¦women H /Si-h*'^'
either—are only children srown tall, JB
to bo sure. The only difference Is fl /# I^11 1111
that by the time we nro big the fl /#/jflIII§P§
world has taught y,s not to show cyery- fl / B> 'g. : ;
thing we feel. It has bumped- us and H / # P it^rj'?!
thumped us until we have l'arned to look ¦ I §1§&jl** ¦' "** *
pleased when we want to yawn, to drive fl K&m'u~M'*$k$
nut frown? when we forl hateful and to B I ||MI§§§S$*
put on a bright face when we would like • H ¦ lf[iiilii$$iu
to thrust a fist in our ryes and cry it out. 9 M BJjEJ :§£%§?
We haven't any primitive facial expres- 8 || Ss||| r #j{
Firms !eft. We have to go to the children fg §»j E|i3 j jjMl
<"arrio de Mar, the little actress, hns E ¦{! |? ||gi fj%k
made a study of them, and in tlr? simplest 1 E| HaSl Hr -M^
way in 'J,o world. She did not flounder 1 ¦ |h|| :'f0
throuuh books on ••child study," you may , 1 B Illi -)£g|
be sure, nor listen to learned discourses B s«§|3jy I
on the "psychology of childhood." She 1 \ tLfiSiff '$//¦
just wont straight to the children them- H \ igBlfi^ ¦'$'£&
Eelves and studied them. She watched 1 \%f,||w '/^af
th^m at play, when they <Tnn't care who a VlCnrcfiSsc
Fees how happy they fee^, those little pf j o- ¦ XluS^jwK
ple who nevi-r have to pretend that they \ \ Vbw^^K/
hth V)lase. She watched them when bed- '- ¦'. X^JJbJP&J
time was coming on and they yawned big t • \ 1^^^^
unashamed yawns. She watched them \ V^itfMM
when bedtime really came and they lifted %
i up their voices and wept because they . ¦ Cj^ "T~W
I were bundled off, no matter how sleepy *
\ » they v.-ere. While she watched she re- % N I C
va membcred the time when she was one of % k
i% them, and she almost became that again ¦ •/• •
while remembering. She says that there . %
are no emotions In the world so delightful \^7/^559
/M t0 " ortra y as thpse of a child, because \^MLUfffJ
£%^k '.'ley are so simple, frank ancLso true and \^K!r5«
//\. Some people go about the development
«jf facial expression by putting the cart \ A^
&8$V7/i* before the horse. A great many people, \ //
WWSfcSvk t0T that matter. They try to "express" \l\
from the outslde - The >' wIU study these
|\2^TTr ' % very pictures, ten to one, and notice how
% the forehead Is wrinkled to express hate
jk and how the eyes are turned for flirta-
\ tiousness and how the mouth is drawn In 1
|\ crying. Jhen they will stand before a
?^ mirror and work to wrinkle and wiggle
1 \ and twist their features as the lady ln'tha
I \ Pictures did. But the lady In the picture*
\ \ «tdn't go about lt-in that way. .
\ U V
"11111^*^X1/ a h<¥ "e*P rP5!SPS " 'rom * he inside. Sh«
k'*|fiilliVx/ 1 simply foels haughty or dainty or hateful
B^pliPt kV 1 or saucy, and mak"s her face tell what
l^^ffl :\\ 1 she feels. She couldn't possibly tell you
HHk : lm\ 1 which muscles draw which way In th«
*¥9I*^C I i'»\ ffl course of various moods. If she stopped
BKl II m \ JO \P tnlnk about such things— the physiology
Wpfc|| j HW //i of the emotions— they would be lost while
fj&kf pi\ \ //I So the real studying Is best done by
JK fill 1 //I watching the feeiiiPs you are coins to
MflHP J . ll I// 1 portray. Watch them as they appear un
mfgx, I PI I f f 1 disguised In the little folks about you.
mK% II 1/ § Then use all your imagination to pretend
Bsii ll I ¦ tnat you are one of tlicrn arul frel the
Wh4I / I same waV- Before you know it your face
HJT4JS Mi i: (m -I ¦ Is takinjr en the right curves and lines.
HBB^^gliill'y / . I Be primitive, as the children are. t
tfrnUkkSwif I f Take the haughty mis?, for example.
r; AM <££&¦;'¦>'§ I B Her older sister may fee! quite as much
isPmP^W'*' Jj / M above her fellow-woman in a new Paris
"5*"''A"*>: # / l>at ai1<1 gold-mounted lorgnettes, but she
\££&&$&&?g / JS doe?n"t purne her mouth and tilt her head
/ iM ' n tnc • c;arn ' :> extravagant fashion. She
va*£%3M*3 1 l/m would, though, if she dared. That is her
PSSfiSfvjyi' / // m true expression.
ttegtscfi/W / f/f m And the hateful miss! Thereabouts of _
Ws&iSGm It /// M a Q uart *'' 1 " century teaches beauty that it
//// B can't afford t.» draw ujrly lines because
$£§£yy //// B they are .crcat stayers. But if the truth i
:<8j^y^ _'?/' M' were known— and it is, on this page. ¦ ' J
jgr/ff M "Ain't I nice?" You know the little girl m
\^S S/ M dressed In her Sunday-school best. The m
m simper is broadly primitive. m.
m Here is a splendid, bold yawn for you M
\£\flSBE£ m from the miss who is bored and doesn't ~\-~m.^.
rjnX&fS m care who knows. It Is a capacious yawn ' /
&f[Kr .'.M that takes in all Ihe stupid people at one #
S^u' * - M gulp and teaches them a lesson that they a
J*^\ m • might as well profit by. ~ §/t@5& >
\ \\ m- The crying miss makes no bones of It. rr&Pnjr
k\ ¦ \\# She feels like weeping and sTie weeps. M/jC£&£\
\\ w Tn!s ts the kinfl of <imotlon that make3 S'fry^z^ij
\i.M ditches above the nose and gutters down fl*Z=dzfZ?Ll
\W the cheeks and draws tne mouth back and &Z?^&*)J
jSr squints the .eyes. % M^lS&ifv/
m The sighing miss is a languishing littler jK^Uuv^-/
ff piece of sentimentality. After a while sha #7lSS/j \\^T
r will have It rubbed out of her. At present Jfl\V&5ll fePk'
- she is sure that she looks most interesting jrl UU»j
when heaving a dime novel sigh. S'' sJuMAlZWX
That is the sincerity of affectation, shall J?M l\Snaft \ V \Bft
TJ±J5 STXNDAT CALL.
5Another very eld school was Madam*
Lemonde's, located in what is now known
as the Silver-street Kindergarten. About
this time Miss Jaynes and Miss P.rlnco.
opened a school for girls on Eddy street,
which they later moved to the now fash
ionable South i'ark quarter. Edith King-,
daughter of Rev. Thomas Starr King— the
father of Unitarianism In this part of the
world— and the present wife cf Hon. Hor
ace Davis, was a pupil hero. During the
early seventies *•'•— Prince, who had re
tired for a time the educational
field, opened a new soliool s\t CH Eddy
street and speedily pained a number of
aristocratic pupils. Among them was
Dora Miller. United Sirites Senator John
F. Miller's only daughter. She is now the ;
j wife of Lieutenant Richardson Clover.
United States naval attache at the Court
of St. J;-.nies, London.
A little school that is still, remembered
is that of Professor Cairns, on Post street,
where Red lion's. Hall now stancs. .op-.
posile Union Square. All of the late Dr. j
John F. Morse's uauchtcra attended the I
professor's school.' which was ol the p'ri- )
mary order. Carrie Bromley— Mr3. Kre<l- j
eric Jansen, wffo or F. H. Ame3 & Co.'s \
Alaska manager— was a pupil at Cairns'.
Mme. Foster's was si swell school thirty
years ago. It wa"s located at, 72G Bryant
street, which house was later remodeled
and .occupied by the Rev. Dr. Horatio
Steb.bins as a residence; Mary Land, later
a popular society sirl, was one of Mmr.
Foster's scholars. This school afterward
'moved nearer the central part of the city,
in the vicinity of Suiter and Lcavenworth
streets. Flora Low, the Plum girls and
the Hartshornes atiended Mme. Foster's, i
Somewhere about the beginning of Civil
War times a distinctly smart educational
institute was that of Miss Atkins, late
Mrs.. Lynch, in Benlcia. Miss Atkins was
the cream of school principals, but a
veritable martinet for. discipline. She had
considerable difficulty, therefore. In "keep-
Ing down" the several classes of young
THE young girls of tho present day
know more about public school?
than private institutions. Of rours«
many of them attend private
nchools in town. Korr.e are sent to ncar
l>y boarding schools, and still others go
East. However, the majority of the "new
girls" choose the public school as their
.peat of learning, with the university as
an end to the scholastic foast. Their
mothers, now, thos? 1 whose maternal par
ents lived in California in the days pre
ceding and immediately succeeding the
.Civil War, were with few exceptions edu
cated at private school:'. This was a ne
cessity, not a luxury, then. There were
public schools, but no* many of them,
their curriculum was narrow, and their
advantages few. ..o attain the accom
plishments necessary to win social suc
, cess, the little e-very-day trimmings, so to
speak, our mothers wore sent to private
schools. Many of those, in turn, sent
their children to tho same schools whero
they had received uieir own education.
Probably the oldest San Francisco
schools were Madame Pedabau's French
School, en Geary street, and Mrs. Park
er's, Clay street below Stockton. It was
at the latter school tho Judge sisters
ttended, one of whom afterward
became Mrs. Thornton and one Mrs.
Brooks. Shepherd's schr>pl was at
Stockton and California streets, the
Fouthwest corner opposite Grace Church.
Among the pupils at Shepherd's were Nel
lie Raymond, who married Colonel W.
R. Smedberg; Rose Rabe, Mrs. Shipley;
Lou Rabe, Mrs. Henry Barroilhet; Nan
nie Crittenden, Mrs. R. B. Sanchez; the
elder Abell sisters, Mrs. Bailey and Mrs.
Tripler, and«the prem- Wise sisters, one
of whom married IL M. Bos worth. Mrs.
Bloomer, the aunt of that prominent
educator, Miss Eliza D. Keith, attended
Shepherd's school. It was a very select
school and nearly all of tho pupils later
became well known in the social life of
*n Francisco.
I "The women of Madagascar are not al-
I lowed to i'i»y to God. They must pray to
• the devil, as the men alone are privileged
j to address the Groat Juil^e. us j th<i
j Supreme Being is styled," saM E. H. Low
! of Norway, who was among the mii-'sion
'¦ aries attending the conference
j in Now York City and who was the first
white man to go to Madagascar as a mis
sionary.
"Girls are given in marriage very young.
The ceremony consists of smearing* the
front part of the bodies of b*.th the bride
and groom with the blood of an ox-killpd
for the occasion. This ox is given by the
groom just as an American would buy a
license. Madagascans do not buy their
wives, though they pay for them when
the women are killed or injured. If a
! man kills his wife her father or his repre
sentative demands thirty oxen and re
ceives them. If he injures her in any way
he must pay fifteen oxen. The^e two pen
alties are about the only protection a t
woman has against her husband's cruelty.
"The parental affection, at least for
those children who are allowed to live, is
beautiful. They treat them as their most
precious possessions. But the one whom
the priest declares is cursed by God is
buried alive or placed on an ant hill as
soon as its fate is decided. The instant a
child Is born a near relative of the family
runs to the priest and acquaints him of
the fact. He reads the stars— or pretends
to— and sends back word to the parents
whether the child is favored or hated by
their God. If hated the Infant is killed,
as I describe; If favored, It is allowed to
live and becomes the object of the gTeat
est solicitude.
"Not until six months after its birth Is
the mother allowed to stir out of her hut
or do any work. During that time her hus
band and some of his other wives must
work for her. while she devotes herself to
the care cf the child. Many of the babies
suffer from sore eyes, caused by keeping
them so long in a dusky hut and around
a smoky fire.
"Of course, the women are the slaves of
the men. That is invariably the case In
uncivilized countries. Wives plartt and
gather the 'rice, attend to all household
duties and weave the cloth. This weav
ing:, by the way. is one of the simplest
and most interesting operations I have
ever witnessed.
"Among the unenlightened people — I
mean those who have not come under the
influence of th'e missionaries and trader*—
they are never clothed until after death.
During life they go entirely, naked, except
for grass mats worn around the waists
and strings of beads and charms worn
around their necks and' bodies. But when
they die the bodies are often wrapped
with as many as forty robes, which they
call lambas. These lambas are like a
sheet and are woven by the women and
laid aside to be used as winding sheets.
The richer a man Is the more lambas ho
has. They are of both silk and cotton.
The silk may be any color. But you must
not imagine that these lambas are used
when a woman dies. Qh. no; they are
not wasted on women. Only the men are
buried in cloth wrappings, but the women
take great pride In making them
-
women under her care. But she permitted
her charges to enjoy a certain amount of
recreation. For instance, at the weekly
receptions given at the school the young
army officers at the Benicia barracks were
invited, and this was", of course, a treat
to the schoolgirls. Gold lace Is ever at
tractive. More than one of "Miss Atkins'
girls" later married the officer whose ac
quaintance was first formed at these
weekly soirees.
Among the teacher? at the Atkins Semi
nary at this period was the lady who
afterward marrte-d Hon. John Daggett.
Among the pupils Annie Hedges of Oro
yllle married Judge E. w, McKinstry of
this city; Mary Emma Church became the
wife of Judge B. C. Whitman, at one. time
Supreme Juo"Ee of Nevada; Emily Morey
of Michigan Pnr married twice and is now
Mrs. Dohrmann. Her daughter, Grace
Patterson Dickman. is a singer of note.
Nellie Meader, daughter of C. L. Meader
of Stockton, married J. E. Lattlehale. Her
daughter married the editor of The Black
Cat. Mary Dallas of Stockton married L.
M. . Hickman, / the well-known wheat
grower of Southern California. Anna
Bromley, eldest daughter of "Uncle"
George T. Bromley, married Lieutenant
David J. Williamson, afterward United
States Charge d' Affaires in Chile. Minnie
Elliott married W. W. Hobart of this
city. # Jennie Pickett married an arpy
oflicer, named Tlernan. Maggie Swift,
daughter of Judge Swift of Sacramento,
married Edgar Mifls. Of the three Wood
bridge sisters, daughters of Dr. Wood
bridge, the* eldest married one of the
masters of the seminary, Paul Pioda;
Women Must Not Appeal to god
Abble married Mr. scnurr, ana Grace mar
ried Mr. Skinner and then Dr. Gray.
Annie MorriU. daughter of Paul Morrlll.
married Mr. McCormick. Jfary L. White
of Sacramento married E. Black Ryan of
the Southern Pacific Company. Jennie
."Wood worth, daughter of the Woodworth
who built the f;ne # house on Folscm street
that was bought by Milton S. Latham,
married Dr. J. W. Bruner. Mrs. Bruner
Is now in the Cape None mines, having
organized a company of co-operative
women to engage In the hotel business in
Alaska. She has inherited the spirit of
her father, who made and lost a fortune
in mines.
Another pupil of the Atkins-Lynch
school who has become prominent in
women's work is Harriet W. Russell of
Quincy. Plumas County. She married
. Charles L. Strong 1 , who was a member of
I the old book apd stationery firm, Le
Count & Strong, but afterward became a
mlnir.pr superintendent in Nevada. Wid
owed, she Is a "new woman," one of the
devoted band who follow In the lead of
Susan B. Anthony. Mrs. Strong is the
owner of a fine ranch in Southern Califor
nia. She was the first grower of the
pampas plumes now used so extensively
for campaign purposes.
Another Atkins pupil was Mary "W.
Loughlln. who married Mr. Klncald. She
has been for many years the pride of
San Francisco's School Department and
is now a member of the School Board.
Mrs. Kincald Is Mrs. Phebe Hearst's right
hand man in university plans for improve
ment.
Ada Hook, a pupil at this seminary.
married General George W. Bowie of
Martinez. The Misses Walkinshaw were
among the beauties of the school. J. B.
Stetson's former wife, the mother of Mrs.
Winslow and Mrs. Oxnard, was one of
the Atkins "uplls. as were Mary Riddell
(Mrs. Frank Barnard) and the Sather sla
ters. Josephine Sather married Em 11
Bruguiere. Many cf these have long since
passed away. : v '."•';¦-
A fashionable Benlcia school in the late
sixties and e,arly seventies was St. Mary's
College (Episcopal). Many San Francisco
girls attended St. Mary's. Belle Eyre,
who married R. D. Glrrln. was a pupil.
The Westoby sisters were Benlcia girls.
Eleanor Is now Mrs. J. C. Innes of th!a
city. Elizabeth Johnson, a very pretty
girl, married Mr. Tupper, a Fresno law
yer. Addle .Gibbs, daughter of Charles
Gibbs. married Mr. Hook. Mary
White married Colonel Isaac Trumbo.
Florence Baldwin, later Mrs. Charles
THE SUNDAY CALL.
6
CALIFORNIAN OF MANYI>eacon. attended St. Mary's. Some of the
pupils remember when Florence returned
to school after her mother's death. She
was in deep mourning, and Miss Hatch,
one of the teachers, said: "Here is my
3i*tle black sheep.' patting the little girl
on the- lack of her somber frock. But
little Florence did not deserve this epi
thet. She was a <;ui<_t girl, very sweet and
lovely in dis;>osition.
The Benicia convent was attended bv
many Sar. Franciscans. The San Jo.se
convent numbered Jennie Flood amone its
pupils, also Clara Sharon, the first Mrs.
Prank Newlands. The beautiful Miss
Raymond, afterward Mrs. O. L. Liver
more, attended the convent in San Jose.
Here wont Calvin Kellogg's lively liule
daughter Ella, who married in her teens
an Englishman. Robert Gllroy, who own
c-d a ranch at Paso Robles. The Gilroys
afterward went to England, where they
later ficured in a sensational divorce suit.
Sirs. W. F. Ta!V»ot. who was Annie Doug
!as= of Orovill*-, was a convent pupil.
Jennie L>unphy graduated from the Sa
cred Heart Convent in Oakland. Other
graduates from Sacred Heart were Eva
Mackay, now Princess Colonna; Belle
Wallace, first Mrs. Mervyn Donahue, now
Mrs. Richard Sprague: May Tone. Mar
chioness of Hdfc>e: Amelia Peralta. Mrs.
Will Pargie, and Flora Sharon, Lady
HesUeth.
Madame Ziska's school in South Park —
a building which has since been convert
ed Into residences— was attended by a
very exclusive class of scholars. It was
a delightfully situated institution, in the
gwell quarter, and a large garden in the
rear afforded pleasant recreation for the
pupils. Among the scholars was Katie
Taafe, a little Danish girl whose two long
braids of bright red-gold hair attracted
much admiration. Julia Adams, now Mrs.
Charles Lind. attended Madame Ziska's.
Mrs. G. J. Bucknall and her sister. Mrs.
John P. Jor.cs, were in the same class at
Ziska's with Mrs. Homer King. They
were all pretty and clever girls. Madame
Ziska's daughter, Alice Ziska Jennings.
has become quite prominent In the liter
ary and musical world. The school was
afterward moxed to Post street, near
Larkln. in the ex-church of Dr. Isaac
Kalloch, one time Mayor of San Fran
cisco.
Clark's Institute, at the corner of O'Far
rell and Mason streets, where a hotel
has lately been erected, was a fashionable
school for many years. Among its teach
er$ was Miss Culbertson, who was af
terward fo prominent in Chinese mission
¦work in this city. Nettie Sehmiedell. now
Mrs. W. H. Howard, and her cousin. Mat
tie Peters (Mr«. Robert Woods), went to
Clark's, also Sallie Maynard, the Roun-
ward moved to a more commodious build
ing. Mrs. Sleeper's pupils were of the'
very creme de la creme. There were boj-4
and girl pupils, but the sirls were in thni
majority. Three of the children of Way
man C. Budd, the once dashing stock
broker, went to this school. Nellie Eench
ley, daughter of E. B. Benthley, Genera!
Dimond's daughter Nellie (now Mrs. Paul
Jarboe). the Kittle boys, the LentsJ
Gashwilers. Garveys, Williamsons. John
O. Blanchard. three Hellman boys. th»
Burrs, Youngers, Alice and Walter Ho
bart, - Verdenals. Deans. Mar.sfeldts am*
Mortons went to Mrs. Sleeper's. Blanche
Miller is now the wife of General HeppexM
heimer. ex-Controller of New Jersey. Lot-j
tie Verdenal married Colonel William For-^
syth of Fresno. Mary Giffin, whose father*,
built the house at Pine and Jones street*
now owned by the Fairs, went to Sleep
er's. Charles D. Farquharson and his
brother David, John Sloan Bryan (called.
"Tudie") and Jared Irwin were among
. the boys at this school.
About this same period a school was
kept by Mrs. McGauley on O'Farrell
street just around the corner from Lar
kin, which was attended by many nice
children. Ella and Howard Havens, the
Hobarfs. Gibbs, Van Brunts and Floods
went to McGauley's.
Among more modern schools, which,
however, are no longer existing under
their orif'nal projectors, were Miss West's
and the Van Ness Seminary. The orig
inal of the latter, before it fell into other
hands than those of its founder, was sit
uated at the corner of Ellis street and
Van Ness avenue. Mrs. Colgate Baker, a
pioneer in the city and a lady of blood
and breeding, founded the school and
was its first principal. Among her schol
ars were the elder daughters of United
States Senator Cornelius Cole, Emma and
Lutie. The latter married Lieutenanti
Waring, U. S. A.
Eugenie McLean, who married Horace
Hawes and after his death became the
wife of J. B. Schroeder. Lydia Dibble,
now Mrs. A. A. Crosett, was one of the
prettiest girls that ever graduated from *
Laurel Hall. Carrie Gwin studied at this
institute- for a time, though her first in
structions were received at Shepherd's.
Mrs. Dorsey of Chico, now an artist of
some note, and at present in Paris, went
to Laurel Hall. The Laurel Hall Club,
one of San Francisco's finest woman's
clubs, -was founded by former pupils of
Mrs. Buckmaster-Manson.
Mrs. Perry's school for girls in Sacra
mento was popular in the fifties.
Over twenty-five years apo residents of
the Rincon Hill and South Park districts
sent their children to Union College, kept
by Dr. Huddart, formerly a clergyman in
England. The schoo! is not now in ex
istence, Lach man's wine collars occupying
its site at the corner of Second and' Bry
ant streets. Fannie Lent, the De Russey
girls, A. B. Forbes' three daughters, Llnie
Ashe (Mrs. Norman McLaren), Gertie and
Lena Thompson and the Maynard sisters^
belonged to the advanced classes at the
J school. Fannie Fargo, who married Lee
Rose of Ventura, was a pupil at Hud-'
dart's. Anne Buckler, who was after
ward Mrs. Charles Toland, and her sister
Jennie, who married Harry Dexter, were
also scholars at this school. Jn the prim
ary class there were as many boys as
girls, the Cheeseman, Bugbee, Harris,
I Rogers. Espiljas. Williamson, Adams,
Ashe and Avery children. Mrs. Huddart,
j who is a cousin of Henry Irving, the cele
j bra ted actor, assisted her husband in his
j work, and there was a "large corps of
I teachers. Miss Mortie, who now keeps
a school for girls oil Liberty street, taught
I at Iluddart's. Professor Lunt used to
come once a week to instruct the young
ladies and gentlemen in dancing.
Across the street from Dr. Huddart's.
academy was a little school kept by Miss
Dawson.' Jennie Bruner, now Mrs. Sydney
I Lovell, was for a time a scholar at Daw
j son's school.
In the seventies a finely managed select
school was kept by Mrs. E. R. Sleeper, on
Larkln street, opposite Ivy avenue. The
school was at first held in an old-fash
ioned peaked-roof house, but was after-
What a Cloudburst RealLy
"The most destructive form of mountain
storm is the so-called cloudburst, ¦when,
the rippling brook suddenly becomes a
roaring river, carrying death and destruc
tion in its path. The noise made by a
cloudburst has no parallel. Above the
rumble and roar of a mass of rushing
water is heard a grinding, groaninc sound
of falling trees, of slipping earth and roll
ing boulders, while the banks of the
stream far above the danger line tremble
as If in an earthquake. The senses are
numbed by the awful cataclysm, and it
seems to the spectator, although he is on
the high banks and out of actual danger,
as if the very foundations of the earth
had burst and judgment day was come.
The flood tosses about mighty trees and
rocks as if they were straws, the banks
of the stream seem to dissolve before his
eyes, and a feeling of awe at the Irresist
ible power of nature steals over the ob
server. Once witnessed, a cloudburst is
never forgotten.
"In point of fact, however,, there is no
such thing as the bursting of a cloud. The
term "cloudburst' is a convenient expres
sion by which the result of a very heavy
rain is designated. Nearly all the surface
of the ejirth in the mountain region Is
made up either of rocks or adobe soil.
The latter, in most cases, has never been
broken to cultivation, and is almost im
pervious to a sudden heavy downpour of
rain. The consequence is tha£ the moun
tains are cut up with arroyos, gullies and
water courses, and In the course of un
numbered ages Into mighty canyons which
astound the tourist.
"In an unusually heavy rainfall the great
mass of water spread over a large area
instead of sinking into the ground Is
quickly accumulated in the beds of the
streams, which rise many feet in a short
time." When this accumulation is rapid
enough and the 'lay of the land' Is just
ri?ht the water rushes down the bed of
the stream in a solid wall and is called u
cloudburst. The same precipitation in an
open country, or in one in which the soil
has been broken up by cultivation, would
be called a heavy rainfall, and would do
no damage unless continued long enough
lor the streams 1 to rise out of their banks
and flood the country.
"One of the most destructive storms of
this nature, so far as its manifold conse
quences are concerned, took place in the
spring of 1864, when a cloudburst occurred
at the headwaters of Cherry Creok. This
is a small stream, dry most of the year,
but notorious for its eccentricities. ¦ It
flows through Denver and empties into the
Platte River, within the confines of the
city. Just at nightfall the water swept
down this dry creek in a wall said to have
been ten feet in height, carrying every
thing before it. Many people were
drowned and many buildings were washed
away. All night long the creek flowed
bankful of water that was thick with
wreckage. People were rescued during
the night or. rafts and improvised boats.
The most serious loss, was the city hall,
which was swept away by the water, to
gether with all the records on file there.
These records included not only those of
the State and city, but also the United
States land filings."— T. C. Knowles, in
Ainslee's Magazine.
trees, Kate Wakelee, Nellie Eldridge and
the Hemme girls were Clark scholars.
Mrs. John E. de Ruyter, then Leslie Van
Ness, was a graduate of the institute.
Mills Seminary, founded by Dr. and Mrs.
C. T. Mills, has always been a prominent
school, attended by pupils coming from all
over the State. The youngest sister of Mrs.
John F. Swift and Mrs. Charles Torbert
(Maria Woods) went to Mills'; also Mattie
Carpenter (Mrs. Vincent) was one of the
early pupils, and Mrs. Isaac Morse, then
Mary Tourtelotte. Nellie Spencer, who
married the clever lawyer, Dennis Spen
cer, went to Mills'. Emma Nevada is still
remembered as a star pupil. Others
who counted it among: their most precious
privileges to be a "Mills" girl were Jean
Klink. now prominent in the local School
Department; Rowena Hunt, Mrs. E. J. de
Pue. Mary Wall. Mrs. J. R. Glascock of
Oakland: Bessie Raymond, afterward Mrs.
C. J. Holbrook; Lizzie McAllister, Mrs.
J. H. Perine; Emma Wiggins. Mrs. J. C.
Hall; Mary B. Barnard-Barna, the
camatrice; Frances Boruck, Mrs. C. E.
Whitney; Amy Bowen. Mrs. C. F. A. Tal
bot, and Emma Augustine, Mrs. R. B.
Mitchell. Minnie Buchanan, first the wife
of Frank Unger, and now the wife of
Arthur Jules Goodman, ihe artist, went
to Mills.
Among the younger pupils was Min
nie Fogg, who graduated in the oightiejs.
She was an Oroville girl who made her
San Francisco deV>ut under the auspices of
Mrs. Frank McLaujrhlin. Later she ir.ar
rlcd a Mr. McDougall of Seattle.
The great rival to Mills Seminary tv.-en
ty-five years ago was Laurel Hall, which
v.as first situated in Marysville, then
moved to Sacramento and finally to San
Mateo, where it is now a school for boys.
Laurel Hall 1 was founded by Miss Buck
maPtcr—later Mrs. Buckmaster-Manson.
Miss Mamie Kohl, prominent in the Sarh
Francisco 400, was a pupil of Laurel* Hall.
At hand is an old prospectus of the in
stitute, published In 1870, also a pro
gramme of the commencement exercises of
the class of '76. In this class was beautiful
THE SUNDAY OAT J>.
7
SCHOOL GIRLS
YEARS AGOThe Crucifixion is a triumph of realism.
The choj^is, wearing black mantles in
stead of gayly colored ones, announces
that the moment draws near. The beats'
of the hammer as the Redeemer is nailed
to the cross are heard from behind the
curtain, which parts to show us Golgotha
and the two thieves tied to their rough
cross beams with ropts, while Christ,
'though i nailed : to 'the cross, still lies on
the ground. At last the cross, which is ot
enormous height, Is raised. All the pa
thetic words we know- so well are heard—
the prayer for those who torture him,
the words of consolation to the thieved
who suffer death. with him, the awful cry •
'of -one. forsaken of the Father, the last
teniblefwords of relief, followed by the
last falling forward of the head. Joseph
of Ariniathea has " gone - to Pilate ; to ask
permission to bury, the body, and he'and
Nicodemus, with only the weeping women
arid, St. John around, lower him from; the
cross... Pictures; by Titian and Leonardo
pass' before our eyes. Joseph stands on a
ladderjln front. Nicoctemus climbs to the
top* of the cross. Linen a' hundred yards
long, in j two rolls, is wrapped around ; the
body, passed over the* arms of the cross,:
and dropped to the ground, and. witrr- this
linen the : body,'- the weight of which •' is
borne by Joseph of Arimathea, ¦ is slowly
and reverently lowered to the ground and
laid by loving hands 'upon the linen spread'
out to receive it. This closes the play, and
the Ascension; pictured in a last scene, is
only an epilogue that passes almost un- '¦
noticed.^The strain has been too great.
. ... -—"Diana Tempest."
- Apropos , of 'the great success of Mary ?
Ch'plmondeley's ¦' novel, . "Ked . ¦ Pottag-e,"-,
gotha, laden with the cross. On the way
he meets his mother, whose heart breaks
when she sees him. John, whoplays his
part to perfection and has a very charac
teristic face and no beard, supports her.
Simon of Gyrene. is made to carry the
cross. The women of Jerusalem weep on
the road. Veronica offers her handker
chief for Christ to dry his face.
After an Interval of an hour ntid a half
the second part begins with a ; tableau
showing the t prophet : Mlcaiah. who is
struck for speaking the truth before King
Ahab. The scene that follows represents
Christ before Annas, when he is smitten
in the face. Then comes -, innocent • Na
both, sentenced -to' death because false
witnesses arise against ; him.. After an
other' picture— Job-^suffering insult from
his wife and friends— we are shown Christ
led before Caiaphas, 1 . who examines him"
and sentences him to death, while Peter,
outside the Judgment court, questioned
by the. servants, -denies .his master. '.' In
the next ¦ tableau Cainr! pursued *by his
conscience, wanders about ; In - the world.
The next picture shows all the 700 act
ors at once. The children of Israel, starv
ing in the- desert, are being relieved by
the fall of manna from heaven, and a few
moments later welcome the messengers
who bring giant fruit from Canaan. And
now the holy supper follows. . arranged
exactly after Leonardo da Vinci's pic
ture, with the " threfc windows ¦ looking
upon Jerusalem In the. background and
with th"e simple actions of breaking the
bread and -blessing' the- wine, washing the
disciples' feet and giving the last good ad
vice sadly and resignedly.
| The scene that follows. sltows Christ on
the Mount of^OliVfs in deep' despair; in
prayer and resignation.- A large group of
Roman "soldiers, with spears, come in the
wakelof Judas, and .Christ being pointed
out by the treacherous kiss, arrest him.
Peter draws a swoVd. and' cuts a servant's
ear off, but is reproved by Christ, .who
heals the wound, and then proudly offer*
his hands to be" bound by the rope ana
meekly walks to prlstm.
— - .
ma tic scene Judas, who is represented
with flendlike expression by the painter,
Johannes Zwink; explains his dissatisfac
tion at the turn matters are taking, and
shows that he would be glad to get out
of his connection with Christ, and when
tempted falls an casy v prey. : Before the
council he accepts the bribe of thirty sil
ver pieces, and promises to fcetray Christ
to the soldiers who will be sent to arrest
him. Christ's return to Jerusalem is pre
ceded by a good living picture of King
Ahasuerus casting away Vashti and rais
ing Esther to the throne.
The "Nugget Series" has been enriched
by one more little volume, this time from
six famous experts in historical writing
and criticism. Lord Macaulay is repre
sented by a considerable part of his bril
liant essay on '"History," reviewing the
ancient Greek and Roman writers and
paying his respects to the moderns—Gib
bon, Hume. Milman, etc.— ending with his
splendid picture of the Ideal historian.
Dean Stanley writes of "The Historical
.Imagination," illustrating by the Bible,
the classics, Montesquieu and Voltaire,
and various British writers — Gibbon, Ma
caulay, Scott, etc. The historian Froude
gives warning as to fair "Judgments of
Great Leaders." John Flske offers a phil
'osophlc view of the Influence of environ
jment and contemporary social develop
ment upon the direction taken by eminent
men of history, showing how, for In
stance, great inventors or discoverers
could not exist before the warriors, klng3
and statesmen had done their work, and
the world had turned from war to the
arts of peace. .Colonel William J. Arm-
Strong is represented by a fine paper on
the instinct and art of writing Jiistory and
a search for "an expounder of the mean
ing in the world's transactions." In con
sidering American writers— Irving, Mot
ley, Bancroft, Prqscott, Parkman, Fiske,
John Lord, etc., he notes the last named
as "the ethical historian, par excellence,"
whose work must give him high rank.
And Emerson Impressively discourses
upon "The Titans," ashe calls great men.
"selected by -the" severest pf all judges.
Time," who, as other lesser men disap
pear in oblivion, still remain the land
marks of permanent interest in the story
of the past. >;< 1"'^-
The booklet is full of Interest and worth.
The six writers It gives selections from
fulfill the remark of the editor that the
little, volume Ms "not only a stimulus to
the reading of history but also a helpful
guide to reading "with discrimination, as
well as a delightful series of papers on
this popular branch of literature." The
title page is decorated v.-ith a flne repro
duction of Watts' striking portrait of Ma
caulay. (Published by Fords. Howard &
Hulburt, New York. Price, 45 cents )
•/That KentucKy Campaign."
Three newspaper men pf Louisville R
1£ Hughes, F, W. Sender and E I. L wn
Warns, have prepared and published a hi«T
tory of the famous campaign in Kentucky
which brought about the death ot
Goebel and involved the State In 'a crises
that : may yet result in serious i disturb
ances. The book contains SCO pages and
is enriched with upward of 100 flTSstra
tions. including portraits of alUh e con
spicuous figures in the contest. The nar
rative. shows the progress of events frtm
the enactment of the Goebel election i?^
the fiery campaign, the e X c«n g Action'
the suspense over the result the turm^i'
pending a . dcciatonjvjhe el^tSn boaTdi,
Historical Nuggets.
ment tipon its merits. (Published by D.
Appleton & Co., New York. Price $1 50.)
mS""^ S cton - Th °Wson- 3 "Wild Anl
'a?.ri«r>?M? y 8lvcs »Pecial -interest and
sprightiiness to the July Ladles' Home
1™,™ al : * nt0 its roles children are Jn
fn?ii Sl3r « flttedto impersonate the wil«S
£nJi ? £ r - Se t°n-Thompson has known
ana tola about with so much charm. The
It was a happy inspiration which led
Success, in its July issue, to have the ca
rcer of that sweet and womanly Ameri
can girl, Helen Miller Gould, written up
by Congressman Charles B. Landis of In
diana. The latter is as eloquent and ver
satile as his eubject is charmln? a£
other feature of exceptional excellence ?s
a new story of Uncoln- a bit of unwritten
history. In fact-from the pen of William
Van Zandt Cox. secretary of the National
Museum at Washli^ton. A pen sketch bv
ers blazing away at him, in the almost
jS^S 1 £?V» *° »5o2S coital
JUiy u-L., 1S64. General Wright Is In the
down tnTT ndIng lh ° P«Went ti"«Sj
down to a place of safety.
Three forceful writers. R e v Dr Hillis
James B. Dill and Dr. George F shradv
'ZTTM 5^ 031^ *™ MifqSKn:
tnt" aI ee ereat Professions declin
whn «=„ f^ D i 1H ls th * lawyer-promoter
h?£-f UCce A ed ? d *n Patching up the quarrel
Pride Carnesle and Henr y c -
8. 8. McClure has secured from Rud
yard Kipling a series of stories of the
South African war. The first, entitled
"The Outsider," will appear in tho July
number of McClure's Magazine This
story Introduces a young, ignorant but
self-important subaltern detailed to the
command of a remote railway station
who gets into serious trouble. As a char'
actcr study this Is one of the most vigor
ous and amusing stories Mr. Kipling has
ever written. b
Magazines.
perplexed at the task. "What it does is to
bring out in bold relief the progress of a
political aruggle that among a less as
sertive people might have passed off with
scarcely a ripple.
"That Kentucky Campaign: or. The
Law, the Ballot and the People in the
Goebel-Taylor Contest," by Hughes,
Schaefer and Williams. (Robert Clarke
Company, Cincinnati. Price, in cloth cov
ers, $1 75.)
"The Colombian aod Venezuelan
Republics."
The late Envoy Extraordinary and Min
ister Plenipotentiary of the United States
to .Colombia and Venezuela, "William L.
Scruggs, is the author of a most valuable
work entitled, "The Colombian and Vene
zuelan Republics" — a book devoted to a
study of these countries and their people
and containing many notes on other parts
of Central and South America. In his
official capacity the author was afforded
exceptional opportunities for compiling
the data which he presents in his book,
and' from his twenty-five> years spent In
these countries he should certainly be
well qualified to speak understanding^ of
their climatic conditions; man^y of the
places which have been considered un
healthy by those who are ignorant of the
facts he finds the reverse. The magnifi
cent mountain scenery of the Magdalena
Valley and the gorgeous tropical scenery
and luxuriant vegetable life are described
at length. The great difficulties of trans
portation are dwelt upon, and he polnt3
out the need of better conditions, which
would lead to the development of the
magnificent resources of the countries.
The volume contains chapters on the
agricultural products of Venezuela, on
the Guayana boundary question, the Isth
mus of Panama, and Panama Canal pro
jects, the rights and duties of foreign res
idents In South America, the Monroe doc
trine, the Venezuelan arbitration award
of 1899, etc. The book should be invalu
able to a person intending to travel or
settle in South or Central America, for It
contains much practical advice upon the
best methods of dealing with the native
population and the best parts of the coun
try in which to settle. (Published by Lit
tle. Brown & Co.. Boston. Price. *2 50.)
J (lustrations from William.
'£. Scruggs' <£atest Book.
Entitled, "Jhe Colombian
and Venezuelan Republics."
SyF^OURTEEN' years ago William T.
p^ Stead witnessed the performance of
k the "Passion Play" at Oberammer
gau and after securing from various
Eources the best text extant he has done
the drama over into narrative form under
the title of "The Crucifixion." Mr. Stead's
wnrk on the play is all that could be de
sired and will find many interested read
ers. He ha? translated from the German
into English and written the story in
a clear and concise stylo most appropriate
to the subject. The play is in nine acts
and takes some eipht hours for rendition.
It opens with Jesus in the Temple driving
out the money-changers and clones with,
the Savior on the cross on Calvary — the
last week of Christ's life on earth. The
story is mn.de most powerful through its
f-iit^'le and direct telling. Mr. Stead has
kept closely to the text of the play and
given us the dialogue In 5tory form with
out descriptions or remarks upon his -own
part. As he explains In the introduction:
"In this narrative I am merely a reporter.
3 put down exactly as 1 saw it happen
all that took place. I record the very
words and expressions, doing them into
Ensrli.-h from the German which I heard."
His explanation of why he has written
the book and why he deems himself qual
si'cl for the writing is certainly inter
esting:' « . "••- :^
•I have only two qualifications for writ
ir.R this story. 1 have been in jail and I
have se. n the events which I describe
with my own eyes. To most men the
prsfibility of the supreme majesty of the
law beir.r, omj'Ioyod to do Injustice, al
though In the abstract conceivable. Is
practically unrealizable.
"They have never been the man In the
dork.
"And until on? ha? been the man in the
dnrK it i(= never quite possible to under-
Etand how he f«K's.
"But whoever has stood In the position
of the accused ar.d who has seen the
whole machinery °f human justice set
ir. motion In order to encompass his ruin
gains an insight into the other side of
ihinps which can be' gained in no other
"This is true when the man in the box
is justly accused and justly condemned.
"it is mi.'fh more tr;:e when the offense
for which sentence was passed was an in
advrrw-rt technical breach «jf the law
with the express purpose of Improving tbe
law so as to save those who would other
wise have perished.
¦'It is fourteen ye^ra since I stood In
that position, under circumstances which
at that time attracted the attention of
Jh*» world and tl'e memory of that ex
pexieoce will never leave me. It has been
a key to the understanding: of much in
the way in which Jrsus was tried in Jeru-
Ealem whW-h will enable me some day. 1
hope, to tell the story in my own w#y.
But for that the time. has not yet oomc."'
Mr^ Stead closes hi.? translation 1 with a
most valuable conclusion— valuable, inas
much as it pives us nis personal impres-
Fions of the way in which he was affected
by witnessing the production of the "Pas
sion Play." "the story that transformed
the world." In it Is the sympathetic and
honest repression of a nature able to
appreciate and understand the beautiful
story of Christ's life ar.d better still able
to impart to others thiough his pen the
emotions ho himself has felt, in witnoss
!nE this greatest of ail dramas. The con
clusion should be read before the play.
It cannot help but inspire the reader and
place him mentally in a position the bet
ter to understand and appreciate the text.
The publication of the book at this time
Is most appropriate, for this ia the year of
the decennial representation of the "Pas
sion Play" at Oberammergau. (Published
by Davis & Co.. Chicago.)
_:
C7he Passion Play.
Naturally, published reports of the
rerformar.ee of the "Passion Play" by
the peasants of Oberammergau are much
more numerous this year than they were
fn years ago. when the last representa
tions of the sacred drama were given. The
number of newspaj>ers has greatly multi
plied in the interval, and so have methods
cf reporting. But most of the accounts
that have been printed have been com
posed of two parts, the first iterating the
history of the peasants' performances,
their origin and development, the other
comprising a mere Impression of the play
from which one can learn how it moved
the writer, but does not derive a very
clear account of its action.
Th*> most important and interesting fact
to be learned from the Oberammeryau
letters and dispatches this year is that
the great festival has not been vulgarized,
as some sensitive folks feared It would
be. by its great popularity. Its influence
as» a rr ligious ceremony s^eems to be as
potent as ever. » Necessarily the event
takes on a commercial aspect nowadays.
Thousands cf persons from all over the
civilized world must he transported to
snd from the Tyrolean village; they must
r*» cared for while they are there. To
meet the requii ements of the hour some
their heads. The hair of the girls streams
down their backs, and the men have wav
ing locks and beards. The chorus singa
all day ushering in the seventeen parts of
the play, and sinpiner the accompaniment
to the t;».b!eaus taken from the Old Testar
ment. all of which are supposed to have
some affinity to the different acts of the
drama. The music which accompanies
th" singing is nearly us old as the play,
The tirst picture shown is Adam and
EVe, driven out of Paradise by an angel
with a flaming .sword. While the chorus
deplores the loss of Paradise*, a second
tableau shows the cross, before which the
aiiRt-ls bow In reverence, ami which Is to
bring back happiness to earth.
Then the chorus withdraws and the en
try of Christ into Jerusalem takes place.
More than 000 actors make up the crowd
which precedes and surrounds him, crying
"Hosannah"' and waving palm branches.
Kxeltoment becomes very great when the
new Christ becomes visible. Very tall,
lithe and upright, with regular features
of a fnefined cast, a fair beard and long,
glossy brown locks, ho looked. In his pale
lilac robe and crimson mantle, the per
sonification of the pictures we see of
Christ in all the famous galleries of the
world. He is a blending of Lucas Cran
ach's and Leonardo da Vinci's version of
the ideal Character. It is a trying part,
and simple hearts do not perhaps ask
more than beauty and grace of manner
in the scene oh the Oberammergau Mount
of Olives.
There was much crying among the audi
ence, and during the Pat^ion scene sobs
were so. loud that they almost disturbed
the acting. While ChrJ,et advances to the
front of the stage the scene in the Temple
is changed, and when he turns back he
finds the building filled with money lend
ers and dove venders, whom he upbraids
and drives out, striking about him with
a rope, taken from one near him.
We are next shown the Jewish Council.
Caiaphas is- in white and gold robes. Old
Annas and his councilors all agree that
the laws of Moses are threatened by this
Galilean, who has the people on his side.
This scene was preceded by a tableau
showing the brothers of Joseph trading
the father's favorite away to merchant?
parsing by. Of the new actors in the
council scene the most successful ij
Caiaphas, a man of fine presence, com
manding in speech and manner, in whom
it is impossible to recognize the sexton of
the village.
There is also much dramatic power in
the scenes that follow Christ's taking
leave of Bethany. He spends a day with
his disciples, gives them precious words
of advice and announces his intention oi
being with them one more evening in the
house of Simon. The scene Is Introduced
by the leavetaklng of Tobiah. shown In a
good tableau. Mary Magdalene anoints
the head and feet of Christ. Judas
grumbles at the waste of costly ointmenv
and expresses his anxiety as to what will
changes have been made in the manner
of presenting the play. The 4300 specta
tors, now. sit beneath a vaulted iron roof
protected from any Inclemency of
weather. But the purpose, the dignity
and, the beauty of the performance are
'just as they always have been. The fol
lowing graphic account of it ia condensed
from the London Daily News;
The chorus of protecting angels and
spirits, twelve girls and twelve men,
stand in a semicircle on the uncovered
stage. They wear white gold-embroid
ered robes with jeweled girdles, sandals,
mantles of bright colors, fastened by
golden .clasps, and golden coronets on
happen to them all if Christ leaves them
as he will do.
The audience was much interested in
the first appearance of • Mary the 'mother
of Christ Anna Flunger, ,who takes the
part, is the' village postman's ' daughter,
and her acting is nothing short of
velous. Christ is on his way to Jerusalem
and his mother meets him and asks the
pireous question. "When shall I see: him
again?" She is very touching in her sim
ple grief an*d in the humility with which
she accepts her inevitable fate.
The scene is preceded by the grief of.
the bride over the loss of her" bridegrojom
in the sonsr of Solomon. In a very dra-
the Goebel contest before tha ZjBg^ t ?^l
the dark hours attending the « saMl ° a * 1 t ° 1 T }
of Senator Goebel. the calmer thou« h _stJll
strained situations attending MUgutUm
over the title to the Governorship and
flnaiiy the resort to the Supreme Court or
the United States. Those * aml " a f T?£
any of the startling occurrences that maae
political warfare in Kentucky fall Httie
short of real, bloody civil war will recog
nize that the field for narrative is remark
ably rich, and the authors have taken full
advantage of It. They have given them
selves free swing on the~dramatic phases
of the situation, and have made substan
tially a history of what has been a cam
paign only less replete with general Inter
est than a national electoral convulsion.
-It is to be noted that despite their close
relations with the campaign and the dra
matic manner in which they have nar
rated it. the authors display an impartial
attitude toward the rival parties. The
book does not offer to solve the questions
brought out in the campaign. Neither does
the work attempt to present any particu
lar argument, leaving that to the strong
wills and* great minds that are even yet
One of the most dramatic scenes in the
play Is that between Christ and' Pilate,
. when the Governor, surrounded by his
Hctors and guards, appears on the balcony
of his house and calls upon the people to
choose between > i Christ and Barabbas.
Christ is wearing the scarlet mantle the
soldiers threw over him and the crown
of thorns, and carries a rush for a scepter.
Barabbas Is a vile-looking Idiot, the crim
inal out of- a "child's "story-book, and the
«ry for "Barabbas!" bounds very cruel.
Pilate, in all his glory, washes his hands
in a golden basin in vain disclaimer of his
responsibility. The multitude answer in
chorus, "Let It be upon us and our chil
dren."Christ Is then sentenced to death.
Next Christ is seen on the way to Gol-
Thls Is, of course, . the introduction of a
dramatic scene, in which Judas goes to
the Sanhedrin to return the thirty silver
pieces, having repented of his treachery.
He is 'laughed at and hooted, and goes
into the wood, where madness seizes him,
and he hangs himself on a tree with his
girdle. .In the next scene, which is -pre
ceded by a picture. of Daniel denounced
to King Darius,. Pontius Pilate appears
for the first time. Christ stands meekly
before Pilate, and does not help him in
his defense of him. At last, to satisfy the
clamoring crowd, Pilate orders Christ to
be scourged.
there has been published-a new edition of
her earlier work, "Diana Tempest." While
"Diana Tempest" can -hardly be said to
rank with her better known work, still
it possesses great merit, and the many
comparisons which haVe been drawn be
tween tho two and the great demand for
Miss Cholmondeley's books will make this
new edition very acceptable. An excellent
photograph : of the young author Is given
on the front page and an interesting bio
graphical sketch has been incorporated
in the book. "Diana Tempest" was Miss
Cholmondeley's third book and it took her
three years and a half to write.lt. It
was the result of so much mental labor
that her health gave way entirely shortly
after the book was finished. To her two
sisters, Diana and Victoria, Miss Choi
mondeley owes much of her success in
literature, for they have acted as help
ers Snd critics In her work. They "aided
her by giving graphic accounts of the en
tertainments which she had not been
strong enough to go to herself. It has
been ""her. rule to describe only what she
or one of her sisters has personally ob
served, and all her copy has been read
aloud to them that they might p*s« judg-
THE FILIPINO MARTYRS— By Rich
ard Brinsley Sheridan. John Lane, tha
Bcdley Head, London and New York.
Price $1 25.
CHINA. THE LONG-LIVED EMPIRE
—By E. R. Scidmore. The Century Com
pany. New York. Price $2 50.
FAMILIAR FISH— By Eugene McCar
thy. D. Appleton & Co., New York. Price
J150. •
THE LAST SENTENCE-By Maxwell
Gray. D. Apple ton & Co., New York.
Price, in paper. 50 cents.
AS THE LIGHT LED— By James New
ton Baskett. The Macmillan Company,
New York. Price $1 50.
THE ISLE OF THE "WINDS— By S. R.
Crockett. Doubleday & McClure Com
pany, New York. Price $1 50.
THE HEART'S HIGIIWAY-By Mary
E. Wilkins. Doubleday, Page & Co., New
York. Price $1 50.
SPENCER AND SPENCERISM-By
Hector Macpherson. Doubleday, Pass &
Co.. New York. Price $1 23.
BESIEGED BY THE BOERS— By *:.
Olive Ashe, M. D. Doubleday, Page~&
Co., New York. Price $125.
A RISE IN THE WORLD— By Adeline
Sergeant. F. M. Buckles & Co., New
York. Price ?l 25, ,-
The timeliness of the July Century ia
due in largo measure to Its literary and
pictorirl treatment of the present Mecca
of holillay-makers. Eight full-page draw
ings by Castaigne Illustrate the exposi
tion and four other full-page and several
smaller drawings from the same pencil,
form a pictorial commentary on Rlchar ¦
Whiteingh* paper on "Artistic Paris."
Having bvgun life as an artist, Mr.
Whitelns writes with keen~appreciation of
his subject, in a style moreover that has
many of tht uualities distinctive of the
French man of letters. In the matter of
full-page picTures, the Century probably
makes a record for itself this month, tha
twelve already specified being Ies3 than
half the total number. One of the other
fourteen is Thomas Cole's wood engrav
ing from Constable's "The Hay-Wain,"
and six of them are found, with many
smaller ones, in the current installment
of Morley's "Cromwell." I In an article on
"The Commercial Ascendancy of th«
United States." the Hon. Carroll D.
"Wright. Commissioner of Labor, hazards
the guess that in exports for the year end
ing March 31 last America has at last
surpassed her greatest rival, England.
Professor W. M. Sloane writes with inti
mate knowledge of the late Miss Sarah
Porter and her unique educational work
at Farmington. Tho story of a long and
prosperous musical career i3 begun In this
number in the form of the reminiscences
of William Mason, whose opening articla
teems with recollections of the famous
composers of half a century ago. with re
productions of autographs and other
illustrations. "How to Safeguard One's
Sanity." by the Rev. J. M. Buckley, is
the contribution of a. doctor, not of medi
cine, but of divinity, who has made, a spe
cial study of insanity, its causes and its
treatment. The artistic posslbllltes of
"Civic Festivals and Processions," are
pointed out by Barr Ferree and Charles
R. Lamb in two brief articles, for which
E. H. Blashneld has designed a series of
appropriate decorations. In fiction th»
number Is especially rich, a wide ranga oij*
scene and action being covered by th«
seven short stories and five brief fables.
"Home Censorship of the Theater."
"Changes of Taste m Fiction" and "Coun
try Clubs and Inns" are this month's edi
torial topics.
Books Received
TWENTY YEARS IN EUROPE— By S
H. M. Byers. Rand, McNally & Co., Chi
cago and New York. Price 51 50.
PARIS— Its monuments and sights de
scribed by great writers and edited and
arranged by Esther Singleton. DodsJ,
Mead & Co.. New York. Price $150.
VOYAGES AND TRAVELS— By Sir J.
Maundeville. Cassell's National Library.
Price, in paper, 10 cents.
WEIGHED IN THE BALANCE-By
Christian Reid. Marller, Callaaaa & Ox,
Boston. Price $1 SO.
IN CIRCLING CAMPS-By J. A. Alt
sheler. D. Appleton & Co.. New York.
Price $150.
A BOOKLET OP \SUCCBS3FUI,
BOOKS AND AUTHORS— Published by
the Bowen-MerriU Company. Indianapo
lis. Price, in paper. 25 cents.
MEMORY STREET-By Martha, Baker
Dunn. L. C. Page & Co.. Boston.
SCOTT'S LADY OP THE IAKB-
Edlted with introduction and notes by
Elizabeth A. Packard. The MacmUIan
Company. New York. Price 23 cents.
AN UNPARDONABLE LIAR— By Gil
bert Parker. Charles H. Sergei Company,
Chicago. Price $1.
SMILES YOKED WITH SIGHS-By
Robert J. Burdette. The Bowen-Merri^
Company. Indianapolis.
THE INTERNATIONAL YEAR BOOK
—A compendium of the world's progres*
during the year 1S9!). Published by Doda.
Mead & Co., New York. Price $0.
The leading feature of Outing for July
la "Man Hunting In the Pound, an ex
citing personal adventure of John i »«
Jr., in Kentucky Border Life: illustrated
by E. M. Ashe. The whole number is a
very treasure island of pleasant pastimes
In pleasant places and as instructing as
it is interesting. That the sea. the lake,
the river and the pool should claim a pre
dominant note Is seasonable. July is when,
one wants to know "Practical Fly-cast
ing" and "Up-stream Canoe Craft, about
"Salmon Angling" and "Slngle-hana
Crul3ing and Craft." and what 3 expect**
of "The New Seventy-footers. The col
leg* boat racing makes keen Interest ia
"Strokes and Oarsmanship at American
Universities." and the departure of Amer
ican athletes to the Parts games in what
Americans have accomplished in "Bygon.
International 'Athletic Contests, as de
tailed by William B. Curtis. The ap
proaching national championship in golf
makw 'The Stroke 3 of Coir* especially
Smefy. "Putting." by 7™"*?^
(metropolitan champion). Driving, by
Charles B. Macdonald. and Approach
ing." by H. M. Harriman (national ama
teur champion), all illustrated by Instan
taneous photographs. Not less interest
ing to other classes at this racing season
Is "The American Derby." the Lawrencs
Realization, its relation to the American
turf, its history and its heroes, witft
fifcundant Illustrations: while the arrival
<JT high summer and good roads makes
'T'he Wheelways of Ontario." a trip from
Detroit to Montreal, with a map. a timely
contribution to bicyclers. Of adventura
there Is abundance. "The Growth oC
Grlndelwald," early ascents of th© Jung
frau, and legends of the glacier passes.
"The Jungle of the Ghauts." curioua na
tive Indian hunting methods, and "Und*
John's Bear" are of this nature. "Tha
Way of the Sportsman." by Caspar Whit
ney, and contributions on "Yachting/*
"Photography as Applied by Sportsmen,"
"On Angling." "The Thoroughbred,"
"Notable Performances." "Undergradu
ate Athletes" and "Golf" round out a.
very comprehensive number.
£X Revolution." Edward Bok sets
foVt^wi^much emphasis the benefits o,
livlne in the country, "an American
motYer-' wSes on "Is . -College .Educa.
men" The experiences of Mtes.oaary
in the Great West" are continued in tn»
Jnly Journal. The fiction 'f^™ 9 .^^
men." "In Some Old-Fashioned Gardens.
"Here and There In a Summer Cottage.
•Through Picturesque America. eic.
Timely articles on every branch of home,
making and special Matures for the en
tertainment of children make the July
Journal instructive and helpful, as well as
Interesting and attractive.
THE SUNDAY, CALL.
BOOK AEVIEWS
8and everybody looked forward to rough
riding and fighting, too. So when Man-
Icy asked to go his father refused and
then the boy begged hard and It wasn't
an easy matter to turn him down. So at
lart the general bought him off for $10.
That settled the matter, for Manley knew
that the ?19 would tty a bugle, and that
was what he wanted most of all. He was
01-" T at the Presidio is a man trtth a
story tr. tell. He is one EX. F. Haber
kam. The story he has to tell is of
the fighting and the death of Major.
General Henry Lawton, V. S. V.
The reason that one Haberkam knows the
Ftory better than most pecple is that he
was the bugler who rode with Lawton
through the stoop, treacherous mile? that
led to death.
"He was a pood general; yes, he was a
pood genera!." pays Haberkam. "If the
Filipino bullet that picked him out had
chosen somebody that didn't count so
much we'd be a luckier army to-day."
Habe.rkam was bugler of the bodyguard
that went north with Lawton on the 17th
of last August, and In the long stretches
of marching- and waiting and privation
and shooting that made up that trip he
came to know the army plant as only a
few were privi^oped to know him. He paw
him in everyday life. • in the everyday
wear and tear that rubs the varnish off
a man arid shows him up for what he If.
It has been paid that Lawton never or
dered men ahead. "Come on," he would
cry. and lead the way himself. Haberkam
was one of the closest to follow.
Tb/» campaign was planned upon the
people of the north, but they are not a
fierce people and Agulnaldo was not
among them 5n the place where our army
had scheduled him to appear. From Ma
nila to San Fernando, eighty miles by
raJl. and frcm there on to San Felipe and
to places that are unspeilable as well as
unpronounceable. There was rain then and
there were fearful roads and mudholes
where men Ftuek and swore. There was a
march <if eleven Lours In the storm, with
no food for those who rasrehed. There
was the r'vrr to toss, a river that was
angry and snarling and that snatched up
two men in the crossing. Those are the
times when a soldier knows his com
ma ndcr.
Dacopan vio? tho place that the mis
taken campaign plans had assigned as
the capital of these northern people.
"And when wo get to Dagopan," says Ha
br-rkam, "after : ! we'd been thinking
about its l>eir:jr the stronghold and a plac*
to be attacked— well, you know what we
founds On!y a bunch of Irjts crowded to
petl-.cr .and making no more than what
you nii^ht call a miserable little villas*
with the best r.r.n:p you could use. It was
a dreary. diEcouraping business, the
•whole of It. but you'd never see Lawton
g;virg up. He wasn'.t the kind of man
to do that. He acted as If he'd made up
h!s minn that we had to win, and there
¦wasn't to be any fooling until it was
d'Ti**."
It was of the your.g Captain Lawton
of early days that General Miles wrote:
"At* length I selected from Fort Hua
chuca an ofSeer by the name of Captain
H. XV. Lawton of the Fourth United
States Cavalry, who. I thought, would
fulfill all the requirements as comman
der. First of all. because he believed
that these Indians could be subjugated.
Officers who do not believe In success and
are always ready to show how a thing
cannot be dene and give labored and log
ical reasons and arguments why it would
be useless to attempt to accomplish a
purpose as a rule are not the kind of men
to b« selected for any hazardous ect<fr
prlse. While some men may be over
z^alcjs and unduly confident, yet' where
you find a man of sterling ability an<S
clear, strong will power who believes that
a thlr.g can be accomplished, the chances
are that, given an opportunity, he will be
more l!kc!y to succeed than one who has
no faith In what he may be called upon
to do, or required to undertake."
**It took that kind of a general to lead
¦us on an eleven-hour march In the rain
without a crumb to eat. It took that
kind cf a general to lead us under ever>
bad condition agalrst what we boys call
•the red-trousered fellows'— they are
Ajrulr.aldo's best.
"Those red trousers are the Spanish
ones and they ere worn by the better
class, the cleverer class of men on the
Island. The common is made of blue
cloth — like these."
He unlocked th*> soldier chest, whore
burglar a'ann trilled In response tQ the
twisting key. and among the treasures
th=t soldiers cling to was a souvenir pair
of Filipino trousers. They are made of a
blue Ftriped goods about as dark as our
own Jeans and not n«\rly so heavy. Their
flimsy coolness tells the tale of the cli
mate.
"Anaerie-an bodies were not the only
ones to disappear in that river. Filipinos
wcr«* found, too, and an ugly report about
them reached us. but I don't know any
thing of its truth. It was said that their
commander was hampered by too many
men and cut the throats of some and
threw them into the river.
"At the end of our four months' trip
Lawton led us toward the south line.
There was not much doubt about otir
findJncr plenty of fighting there. There
1? a big difference between the northern*
and southern natives. In the south men
fhoot and kill. In the south our general
Jost bis life.
"Through all our marches little Manley
Lawton was with our party. He never
left his father In Cuba, though he was
ehot through the sole of his shoe, and he
never left h!m In the Philippines until
that last trip that we made In the south.
The eornmandor ordered out a party to
find camping ground near Loma Church,
Siaterp^n* That
/¦
cF Who P!i»€d
The PataT Shot
"I never heard him swear butonce in all
the time I was with him,".says the bugler,
"but I. knew "-'when he didn't approve of
a'fhlngr,: anfl'so fiftTalTnlB men. There
was a peculiar smile would come over his
face then." . . ,-'" :¦ ' -?-:'i "•¦•''.">. *.
only 13 years old then, but he was erarj>
for ctrvlce, and the bugle was the height
of his ambition. He was always begging
me to teach him. We were great friends,
he and I— you see, he was so plucky antl
so dead in earnest about what he under
took that a fellow couldn't help liking
him— sort of as if he was another fellow,
you see?
"If the camping place could have been
found— fcut what good are the ifs? The
rain was coming down in such sheets a3
you probably never saw, and we; could
not see ahead nor could our horses. We
of the bodyguard — Troop^ I It was — rode
floundering and stumbling horses over
roads that we could not understand. We
were mounted on the little native beasts;
they are hardly bigger than a New
foundland dog, but they are the hardiest;
animals I ever rode They can't be left
together, for they quarrel like mad— lie
down on the ground to fight It out— but
for rough use I counted my little pony
one of the best frier.ds I ever had. Later
on v.e all had our ponies taken away and
large horses given us, and every last man
of the troop was sorry. A big horse
doesn't make seventy miles in twer.ty
four hours, and I've seen a Filipino pony
do it.
"As the hours went on we found that
we were getting pretty badly mixed up.
We rode here and there and tried to trace
a. way, and the long and the short of if.
was that we soon found we were lost.
General Lawton was with us— ahead of
us, thct is— he was riding his big flooded
bay and we were following as best we
could through the storm. Most of the
time we couldn't see him at all, only
heard his Etron^ voice shouting to us to
come on. That was his way of giving or
ders. It takes' the fear out of a man if
there is any in him. If the general can
go he thinks he can.
"We started out as night was coming
on. and that ride was as much as thirty
seven miles all told, though the distance
is little more than thirty miles in a
straight line. But we rode out of the way
and crashed up a hill that we need never
have touched, because we were lost. It's
an awful feeling to be lost out there in
those rocky places where the horse under
you fights to keep his footing and with
the rain coming so that you can't see at
all. And when it's nfght into the bargain
It feels a good deal worse, for somehow
it's always more lonesome in the night.
"By 6 o'clock in the morning we struck
the mountain rear San Mateo and we got
our bearings a little. We could see the
general as well as hear him. He sat erect
as always on his bay horse, and he made
a big:, splendid kind of figure in spite of
the terrible ride, for his white helmet waa
on his head, the helmet that he always
¦wore. He was dressed In khaki, and
above the suit was a pommel slicker, of
yellow oilcloth. A costume like that made
him conspicuous later on to the men whe
fired upon us."
No wonder he was a target for the sav
age aim in that day's battle. His height
alone made him that, for he was five
Inches more than six feet in height, built
strong in proportion. It has been eald
that he could at one time pick up an ordi
nary sized man and throw him a rod, as
boys throw stones.
"When the general saw clearly how the
land lay," went on the soldier, slowly—
he had come to the part of the story that
makes lower tones over the little pyramid
stove of the tent — "when he saw. he gave
an order. The cavalry was to divide like
a V. We advanced near the river.
"Just after we started there was one
shot from the enemy — that was all. We
did net hear from them again until we
had advanced as much as 300 yards. Then,
they opened fire.
'"I was close behind the general all the
time. There were about fifteen of uswlth
him— only a little group behind a clump
nf bushes. The rain was still falling, but
it was not blinding. Only dreary.
"The Filipinos firing on us were across
the river at a distance of about 350 yards.
Mnj;t bf the shots seemed to come/from a
fellow in a tree. He had a Mauser.. I
knew by the sharp sound. It's altogether
different from that of a Remington. His
shots came fast and they were well
aimod. and I believe they, did nearly all
the harm.
"nre-cke-nridge was shot. He did not
die, but his wound was a bad one and he
fell. I remember it all plain enough. Law
ton saw him fall and exclaimed: 'The
poor boy:' That was all. As he turned to
look at him that fellow In the tree, I be
lieve it was. aimed again. The shot hit
the general in the middle of the breast.
I've seen many men shot and I know that
they always die when they are shot there.
"He fell and died Instantly without an
other word. Captain King ran to him.
Some paid It was only a wound, but I was
sure .then that the general was dead. He
was a brave man and a good one.
"He shed very little blood. The chest
swelled in a peculiar way, but otherwise
he looked the Fame as in life. He was a
good man. ¦» . ; .
"You have reatJ. perhaps, how the body
was carried back to headquarters. Eight
men carried the litter across the river to
San Mateo. The stream was swift and It
was a fearful undertaking. From there
the body was taken by means of two rick
shaws faf.ened together."
This la the story of the bugler of , Troop*
I— the Flying Troop, as It was called
around Manila, for the way it was always
flying over the island without thought of
stopping for food. This Is the story, of ]
a man who knetr thcgeneral ana wn»t
was his. even: to the ridingr whip he al
ways carried fastened to ins right Iwrist—
the j riding whip that was taken from hla
dead hand. He was a quiet commander,
like most big men — ona who did not storm.
"HE WAS A BRAVE MAN AND A GOOD ONE"
The Bugler of Troop "I" Who Sounded The Last Charge Tells the Story of Lawton's Death
THE SUISTBAY CAI,Ii.
General Henry Lawton died when over
50 years of age. He had belonged, body
and soul, to the United States army since
he enlisted as an lS-year-old private In
the Civil War. He had fought In many
more than a hundred battles.
"Somehow he seemed to think ho
couldn't bo hit— maybe he was supersti
tious about it," says Haberkam.
9THE SUNDAY CAUj.
Brown?" Mrs. Brown— No. I'm not very
.tired; but, I might as well own up, I'm
: about ready to burst. It's all Tcnny's
fault that I'm so puffy to-day. She
thought that I had too much abbdomen,
or abdohmen,' whatever you call it, and
hauled me off to one of these here French
corset-makers. Well, they d<> work won
ders, for «look at me now; I'm just as flat
as a pancake, and you know what I used
to be." She strokes the new corset ap
provingly. The young man blushes a lit
tle and tries to look at anything but the
spot indicated. The girl says slmperlngly,
"Mamma. Mr. Simpson Isn't used to talk
ing auout corsets so familiarly."
Mrs. Brown— Well, he'll soon get used
to It if he stays a while in Paris. • I. ami
sakes, corsets ain't a circumstance to tho
things they talk about in this town. , You
know, Jenny, what the folks at our hotel
told us last night!
'Jenny gasps perceptibly and hastens to
change the subject. "Oh. Mr, Simpson,
do tell us something abput the, pictures!
Scene In the art gallery of the exposi
tion. Three Americans enter. A girl
dressed in the latest Paris fashlpn, a
spruce young man and a fat, matronly
person, evidfently the girl's mother. The
old lady is v<*ry warm, very puffy and
very red in theface. She takes a seat,
and leans against the back of the bench
so that her feet do not touch the floor.
She manipulates her fan furiously. The
young man and the girl remain standing.
The former addresses the old lady very
solicitously: "Are' you very tired, Mrs.
anxious to get into the twentieth 'centjury
procession, Just like everybody else.'^h
their building there Is not even a plctarre :
of the Acropolis, not a shadow of broken
statuary. Evidently the modern Greeks
are trying to go it alone without the aid
Of their forefathers* ghosts. For my own
part this new, Greek is pitifully uninterest^
ing. The fact that they manufacture stiff
shirt fronts in Athens or hairbrushes In
Samothrace does not Inspire me. with the
slightest* enthusiasm.
Paris, which is alvrsys a <lcvt)tce of tha
curious and bizarre, has established a
museum of frauds. ' The project^ yet In
Its inception, but the Idea has met great
popular approval and thousands have al
ready visited the small building set apart
for the illustration and preservation of
methods whereby the Government has
been robbed of its due.
The collection is a rogues' gallery with
out portraits, and resembles the old Curio
Hall in the Treasury Department at
Washington. The American gallery of
frauds was often referred to when this
scheme was first broached by the French
Government. It was argued against Its
adoption that after many years the public
exhibit at Washington had been discon
tinued, because it was believed — and la
one or two cases found to be true— that
young men gazing at the Ingenious de
vices ; for counterfeiting and the clever
schemes worked by criminals to defraud
the Government had been spurred to emu
lation and had acted upon the. hint.
The French mind, following the question
of effect a turn further, however, cams
to the conclusion that by showing to tho
public at large thq^even the most Inge
nious methods failed and that the. opera
tor, however clever, came to grief, citi
zens with a desire for emulation would bs
deterred by the' knowledge that escape
was Impossible.
So the museum of frauds is an estab
lished faot, as much a sight place as the
morgue. Clever and curious are the
things, there to be seen. A roll of cloth
with a can in ore «nd shows tho elabo
rate method taken by distillers In, the
country to escape the douane at tho city
walls.
Another interesting piece is a skin of a
dog. This had been cleverly fitted over a
bright black and tan pup and covered
hundred? of dollars' worth of valuabla
laces wrapped about the dog*3 body and
sent over the border from Italy. It la sup-,
posed that" the revenue thieves smuggled
In thousands of dollars In this way before
they were detected by an accident. A
genGarme'a dog engaged the brute smug
gler in a fight and the outer skin came off.
The dog was followed and Its owner ar
rested.
yHU^Lirn of Frauds
DeTTSh^S Gay
Mrs. Brown excavates in the region of
the new corsets, puts on her glasses and
looks again. "Oh. yes; I see them. But
I tell you, Jenny, that isn't why it's called
•Waiting.' Don't you see those cabs there
lined up before a building; they're'walt
lng for customers. It was stupid of us
"Yes, mamma, there are some people
in the background waiting under an awn
ing. Put on your glasses and you will
see them."
Mr. Simpson is so embarrassed after
this unexpected poetical flight that he
turns all sorts of colors and again looks
in the catalogue. The old lady is eying
the picture attentively. "I must say. Mr.
Simpson, I don't quite understand why
they call the picture 'Waiting.' I suppose
the 'idea is that they're waiting for the
rain to stop: but everybody seems to be
getting out of it as fast as possible. I
don't see any one waiting." Mr. Simpson
again looks uneasy. The same thought
had undoubtedly crossed his own mind.
He turns once more to the number In the
catalogue, but Miss Jenny comes to hl3
rescue. -
whose songs gush from the heart as
showers from the clouds of summer or
tears frcm the eyelids start. You remem
ber that old verse, don't you?"
"Yes. very much. It is more my style
of picture than the other one. I'm not
fond of historical subjects. They're too
pretentious. I like the simpler painters
on a rainy day. It
In No. 42. He- again consults the cata
logue r.nd announces that No. 42 is en
titled "Waiting." "Isn't it exquisite?"
murmurs Mi3s Jenny in a half-mystlfled
but non-committal way. "So well exe
cuted and so much feeling. Don't you ad
mire it, Mr. Simpson?"
Isn't this one splen
did! Do tell me tho
name of It I"
She turns to a
large N canvas por
traying a man on
horse back falling
from a precipice.
They are really In
the Spanish section,
but Mr. Simpson,
evidently a little
muddled after the
confidence of Mrs.
Brown, seems to be
laboring under the
impression that^ it la
the English section.
He takes a cata
logue of the latter
from his pocket and
turns to the number
of the picture.
"Number 33. Ah. I
have it— The Execu
tion of Charles I."
They all three
look for a second in
silence. Mr. Slmp-
Eon Is not quite sat
isfied. Ho looks
again at the num
ber, then at the cat
alogue. There it is
as big as life—num
ber 33— the execu
tion of Charles I.
Mrs. Brown Is the ¦
first to break the si
lence. *
"Well. I must say
that they had a \-ery
queer way of exe
cuting people In
those times. I sup
pose they put him
on horseback and
then . chased the
horse from the prec
ipice. It makes me
think of the wax
works in New York,
where they have el
ephants stepping on
men's heads. Have
you ever seen the
waxworks, Mr.
Simpson? Talk
about things being
natural. There ain't
a picture in all this
exhibition that Is aa
true to life as the
waxworks."
Mr. Simpson is not
disposed to linger
before "the execu
tion of Charles I."
He turns to a less
pretentious canvas,
a Paris street scene
THESE is bo love affair In all Europe
eo tender and eo touching as that
existing between France and Rus
t:a. Poor France, painfully at outs
with sil ether possibilities, finds no
temptation to flirt elsewhere. There
Is simply no other outlet for. all of her
[great affection but to pour :t unceasingly
ttowara Russia. And the Czar, it must be
confessed. Is quite a satisfactory lover—
at least he is a very generous lover, which,
; of oourse. Is all that Is xi«ce£sary from the
I masculine point of view. If at times the
ifemlrine heart of France pir.es In vain for
I the "little" attentions that make i:p the
j poetry of courf-h'.p. fur tenderer glances
¦•when no one else *s looking, for an oeea
; nionn.1 squeeze, of the hand, under the
itable, as It were, she bravely conceals her
disappointment and the world is none the
¦ wiser. But la.e!y a real lovers' quarrel
.tbroa-tcned to develop between these two.
cr, to quote, the late Bill Nye. "a little
.cloud about the size of a doormat" ap-
; pe»red for a moment to darken their hori
:ron. When tho domes and spires of the
'exposition were beginning tn enhance the
• liveliness of her already lovely Paris,
France clapped her hands g;»-efully and
Fald to the Czar, 'There, now, you must
come and see my show." P.ut to her great
rurjirise the Czar shook his head. "'So,
iry dear, I shall give you a splendid build
lr.g. with every industry of Russia repre
sented. 1 .shall spare no expense in help-
Ing out your enterprise, but I shall not
come in person."
Naturally the lady pouted.
"What, are you net satisfied? We!!. I
ehall give you another magnificent build-
Ing containing all the military appliances
of KuFsia. The world shall see what a
powerful lover you have."
The lady didn't say i:i so many words
"You may keep your old buildings and
your military display," but she acted it.
and tho Czar feit it.
"My dear, you distress me. I should
reall> like to please you. but I do not
¦want to visit your exposition. Since you
force me to te'.l you the brutal truth, I
fhall whisper it to you as gently as pos
sible. You are very sr.cct yourself, but
really you have no proper person to re
ceive rme. It is n?t in accord with th»
dignity of a Czar to ride about vdih a
peasant, and your President I>oubet is
only that. Look now at what I am doing
for your pleasure! I am spending mil
lions of rubles for a present for you
Hi at shall be uneiualcd in modern times
and unsurpassed In the history of an
dent splendor. Look at this lovely man
ct France, done in diamonds and rubies
ejid pcar!s. Look at your beloved Paris
represented by the most perfect rose
diamond that the world has ever seen.
.Look at your rivers done in gold and sil
ver, your seas in lapis lazuli. Could any
thing he more splendid? Accept it, my
fiear, as a proof of my undying love, and
: tay no more about visiting the cx
¦ position."
Th« lady looked, and for the time being
tu dazzled. After all he was a very de
cent lover, this Czar. He had taxed his
Ingenuity ar.d spent his rubles with an
.astonishing UbenUity, all for her sake.
"Tee, ehe would be content. That was a
Xitanber of weeks ago. During these
creeks ehe bad looked her fill at the jew
eled map, and its scintillations no longer
charm^her. Surely it is a poor substi
'ttxte for the actual presence of the Czar.
3Co, he elmply must come to pive eclat
to the exposition. He must set the good
example to other Kings and Princes.
'Tour excuse about the President is a
poor one," she intimates. "It is for me
that ycu most come, not for him. Will
•not my charming personality atone foi
mome Blight humiliation? Indeed, I shall
never believe that you love me should you
refuse me this trifling proof. It is the
only thing that 1 demand as the test of
your devotion."
ICow the Czar is nothing if not gallant.
The eight of this lady who has honored
him with po much affection -almost hy
sterical over his continued refusal proves
too much for him and at last he consents.
Just when he will arrive he does not
Fay, but the consent is sufficient. France
Is happy, the success of the exposition is
assured, for the word has gone forth that
the Czar Is coming. "Hark, hark, hark,
the little dogs bark, the Czar Is coming
to town!"
Just as was expected, this announcement
has given the "expo-,
eition a greater im-t
portar.ee among oth
er sovereigns and
those who cannot
come are at least
sending their re
grets. The Emperor
of Germany, rumor
has it, "is v just dying
to come," but he is
one sovereign who
has not been eufQ-'
clently urged. InJ"*
fact. the papers'
have coolly invited
him to remain'
away, to spare him
self as well as the
French people an in-'
evitable humiliation.
The Prince of "Wales
will arrive very soon
to present the com- 1
pliments and the re
grets of the Queen,
but his presence will
hardly create an un
usual stir. It will
not savor at all of
the extraordinary,
as the Prince spends
half b'.s time in
Paris. He is quite
as well known here
as in London, hav
ing a permanent
suite of apartments
at one of the Mg
hotels. P e rsonally
the Prince is very
popular with Parl
fiar.s. He is more
flexible in tempera
ment than most
English mm and
adapts himself quite
gracefully to French
ideas. The King
and Queen of Italy
will probably arrive
before very many
weeks, the King of
Sweden is "here at
present, snd the
King of Gretce»has
been here and has
departed. The most
pathetic of all the
regrets, I think, is
from the little King
of Spain. The mam
ma Queen thinks
that ' following the
expenses of the late
unfortunate war the
King cannot afford
to make the trip,
which, of course,
•would have to be
accomp 1 i s h e d In
royal splendor. And
it is all your fault, you horrid Amer
icans, that the little King cannot f-".
the exposition! I am sure you will feel
ashamed of yourselves for cheating a poor
little boy out of all of his fun! A sympa
thetic old lady, reading the excuse of the
little King as published in one of the dally
papers, looked up from the column
the other evening and said to me very
seriously. "I should think he could visit
his grandmother on the Avenue Kleber."
The old ex-Queen of Spain lives in Paris
and has quite a spacious residence near
the Arc de Triomphe. Certainly the ex
pense of a small boy visiting his grand
mother ought not to bankrupt any nation,
even if that nation be poor old Spain. But
undoubtedly this manner of simplifying
thlnps has not occurred to the Queen
mother.
The other day I saw the King of Greece.
I happened to be passing the Elysee Pal- ,
ace when out he came precceded by an
escort of French soldiers. It was the first
real live king that I had ever seen and I
must confess that it gave me a shock
Not that there was anything extraordin
ary about him, but on the contrary be
cause he was just exactly like an ordin
ary mortal. He lifted his hat as he
passed, revealing a very bald head and I
wondered bow he looked when he wore his
crown. But do kings wear crowns nowa-^
days? I suppose they don't and I experi-/
enced a pang of disappointment in think
ing so. I lament the good old days when
"the King sat in the parlor counting out
his money, while the Queen was In the
kitchen e*tlng bread and honey." This
dear old King always wore a crown and
had long, curly locks and beautiful whis
ktxs. If he of Greece be a fair sample
there has been a degeneration in kings
since the days of long ago, when^I found
my greatest delights in royal circles. -.1
shut my eyes and see ¦whole troops of
kings with whom I used to be on most
friendly terms. There was old King Cole,
that merry old soul, a little free and easy
perhaps, yet always arrayed as became a,
king, .with velvet and ermine and Jewels,
rJot in one single instance do I find the
igrihble prece'dent ofa bald-headed king in
plain black clothes and wearing, forsooth,
a top-hat instead of a crown!
King George of Greece, It seems, was
simply passing through and intends to re
turn later a little more formally. I be
lieve he did not visit the exposition at all,
or. If so. It was strictly incog^IIIs build
ing at the exposition is'^a surprise. It
'seems to me to be anything* on earth but
Greek. It is all round arche's and square
pillars, as if some one had taken a de
light in reversing the ancient Idea. \ I
suppose they are sick and and tired down
there of being coldly classical and : are
fiot to see It la tha beslmiln*. X ten yon,
these exhibitions sharpen people's wits,
don't they, Mr. Simpson. As I told lir.
Brown before we left home. It costs a
good deal of money to go to Paris and
Bee the exhibition, but the education Is
worth it. Just think, now, of what we've
already learned this afternoon. Jenny
and I had both clean forgotten that
Charles I was executed by being: driven
from a precipiceVj
Out at the American commission,
whither I went the other day for the
very tiresome purpose of procuring an
up-to-date pass to the exposition. I found
It necessary to wait some little time. Now
I don't like to wait. I should have never
have made a graceful model for the pic
ture entitled- "Waiting." As usual, I man
ifested a little impatience. "I am very
sorry," politely said the young man In
charge, "but It seems Impossible to get
the passes on time. Do you know Mr. M.
II. de Young of San Francisco? Well,
he la here now. and has been here for
two hours, waiting for his pass." This
bit of Information had the desired effect.
I settled myself and waited comfortably,
for it gave me something to think about.
I had been on the point of scorning the
pass and 1 of vending; my way without it.
It only coats 12 cents to go to the expo
sition, and I like to amuse myself by
valuing my time at a greater rate. But
Mr. de Young of California had waited
two hours fcr the sake of thi3 trifling
economy! Is it that Mr. de Tounpr, hav
ing made his fortune, scorna the. value
of time, or is it that Mr. de Touns. havr
Ing made his fortune, appreciates the
value of the 12 cents that it costs to fro
to the exposition? I should like to know
the answer as a hint in fortune making.
Is so much patience for so little money
the cause or the effect of wealth?
10
AROUND THE EXPOSITIONWho Milks Cows
and WopJ*5 in
• > t
the Garden,
ONE thing New Jersey has which
cannot be found elsewhere In the
¦whole- wide world, and that is a
farming monkey. This monkey f is
a rir.all gray beauty of the gentler sex
and her age if 22. Her name is Mattie.
She lives ctn Samuel Farren's farm, neai
Trtrclf>.
Mattie is a trained farmhand. Under di
rection r-hc feeds the Kwtne .-in;l milks th*
cowf. and helps to cultivate a good sized
wpetaMe garden. She plants and ho»-s
and pick* the fruit, and even assists in
psoJcins: it for shipment to marker. Ana
when the money comes from selling the
produce. the result of tho sweat of an
honest monkey** brow. Mattie is given
Rome of the coin. This. In r owner says,
the < arefully deposits in an iron church
savings hank, where Mattie has accumu
lated nearly %'Ji*\. And Mr. Farren Bays:
"U'.tc H not for Mattic's vanity ar.d'con.
pcquest love Cor Jin*- apparel sh>* would in
time own h< r own f;srm."
This monkey dote/ upon finery and rpw
paws. I>ut In the hot 'days of the early
eprinrtime .«he tears off her garments an:
nfrau-fi to wear th» ra again until the first
eorrirg of the frost.
Mattie :s more human than mosj. of her
simian brothers and srisu-rs even la physi
cal formation. .Her prehensile tail is
shorter than Jh»irs. her head Is set less
forward, so that su«> e.in th«3 more easily
stand ir'et. a* she Hc.es, in fact, when sh<3
¦walks-, runs or jump!*. Her eyes are far
ther apart, her forehead higher, her no3»
nor» nearly perf. < t. her jaws loss pro
jecting ar:d her caoloe tte-t!i smaller an<l
bo less brutal, ishe. has blue gray. eyes
and a EJlvcr gray coat over skin that is
almost itcariet.
Her <-i<verneFs arm the things she does
may be shown in a page from her dally
life. Mattie ;-!<-< j>s in a sm;i!l trundle bed
near that of her master. Farmer Farren,
In a piotur^fjue. vine. -cove red cottage-,
surrounded by tall trees and flovvt-rs and
ferns. She always awakes at exactly 3
O'clock in the rnurning. and taking a long.
thin stick, whjr-ii ehe k«-eps for that pur
pas». pokes It it;to tii.j cages of the thirty
canary l;ir<2s and the twenty white rats,
which a'so Bleep in eccentric Samuel Far
ren's coxy bedchamber.
The angry protests of these smaller
and less intelligent pets invariably
arouses the slc-ping farmer, and when ¦
he reproaches Mattie for breaking In on
his morning number fche jumps up and
down with a distressed expression of
countenance, tapping herself on the chest
with one finger, shaking her head from
tide to tide and chattering violently.
Then the stalks away with a Btatel>
pride to her little oaken tub, which
ctaads at the curb of a , Loiilnz spring.
This little East Indian epicure insists
upon fruit as appetizer at every break
fast, and there will be few displays of
her ugly temper through the day if there
are grapes at her plate when she takes
her chair at table. These she takes so
rapidly that the uninitiated wonders
whore she puts th»m. The truth is r-he
f'-posits them in the capacious pouches
She eats from a plate and can handle a
knife and fork, but only does so when
there are visitors at the Farren farm, as
she. prefers the table manners of long
ago, when every one ate with finger*.
She drinks from a class and drinks deeply
nnd with great relish. Hard cider is her
preferred beverage, while corn and cu
cumbers are her favorite foods. But she
will cat anything That is good to cat and
drink anything with relish, from spring
water to country store whisky.
¦\Yhen she thinks Farmer Farren is
dre=s=cd s-he goes to the kitchen, and.
taking down from its hook a small dinner
bell, swing? it lustily until she sees the
beginning of breakfast preparations. Then
she seats herself at a low table near Mr.
Farren's. and, spreading* a snowy napkin
across her knees, patiently awaits the
coming of the food.
In winter the abl-Jtions are followed by
flressing, and the .jueer po.ses and grim
aces the monkey-woman produces in her
little mirror as she gowns herself in fiery
red or brilliant green— her favorite col
ors—are laughable in the extreme. But
in summer she leaves her tub to saunter
out under the rose bushes for a fragrant,
bef ore-breakfast constitutional.
with which the farm of Mr. Farren and
Mattie is bleesed. After drawing the
water, ehe laves her face and hands, and
with great regularity Indulges in a plung»
bath on Sunday mornings. This she does
winter and summer, and so hardened has
this little product of the tropics become
that she does not even shiver at her "bath
when the ground is covered with snow.
She brushes her hair, such as it is. with
a tiny eyebrow bruirh, but, try as a armft-
Ferran has, he has never succeeded in
teaching MaUie to use a toothbrush.
a. careful study of your physiognomy, to
see whether she can trust you, takedown
the little Iron church and open it.. Then,
he says, she will take out the pennies and
nickels and dimes and quarters- and pile
them up in little heaps of uniform height
so that you may more easily see how
much she really has. Then you are ex
pected to count out the money and ex
press your surprise and admiration at
its sr^at amount. "But the garden patch
is worth rooro than a glance. , , . *
¦ 'This." pays Mr. Farren ,'ns' exclusive
ly the work of Mattic's hand and brain.
She loves the .garden as a" mother loves
her child. Here are potatoes and radishes
and cabbages and carrots and unions. and
tettUCC, tomatoes and peas, beans of sev
eral varieties and a fine little lay-out . of
berries. Many a wayfarer has stopped in
amazement at the sight of a monkey act
ually engaged in intelligent farming."
Mattie Has two instincts well developed —
that of the mother, although she has
never been one herself, and that of tho
musician. She Is never happier than
when cuddling in nor. arms and crooning
over one of the frequently arriving pup
pies of the prolific J-ady Guinevere, the
jealous and .snappy Kkye terrier. And as
tor music, although her instruments are
barbaric, a tin pan and a badly soiled cel
ery glass, the little beast has no greater
pleasure than to beat upon them and pro
duce different ringing notes, listening the
while with a rapt and satisfied mien.
Twelve years ago Farmer Farren's
brother went to n country circus, where
he saw the ringmaster fly into a rage and
beat* a little monkey before all the people
who had paid their 10 cent3 to get under
the big white tent. That monkey was Mat
tie. the farmer. Farren's brother said to
the showman:
"What makes you hurt that little beast
so?"
"She's such an ugly" temper," replied tha
showman, "I have to."
"It's you that lias the uely temper I'm,
thinking." said the other Mr. Farren, and
he straightway made a bargain to buy tha
much abused simian and "take her horns
to Sam; lie's so fond of pets."
. .Jn tboso days Mattie's only accomplish
ment was to ride on the back of a big dog
in fi race with several others around the
circus rinp. This did not suit the mon
key, and she made life miserable for her
•fiery canine steed by viciously biting his
car throughout the race. Mattie was 10
years old v. hen sh . ieft the circus ring tor
nonest labor. '
This New jersey Monkey Could Give a
Granger Points on Fa rming.
of her cheeks, and when she has them
all there she hunches first one shoulder
p.nd then the other, projecting a grape
first from one cheek and then from the
other into her mouth to be swallowed. ,
Breakfast finished. Miss Mattie care
fully flicks any stray crumbs away from
her pouting lips and folds her napkin
neatly, for it must be used again at the
next meal, and while Mattie is not lazy,
Fhe believes in the economy of labor. By
this time the corpulent swine are grunt^
ing for their morning food and the half
hundred carrier pigeons are cooing for
their corn. So, after filling the canaries*
cups with seed and water and throwing
in a bit of green stuff for them to, peck
at. this experienced and competent farmer
monkey starts out with a very responsible
air to discharge her early morning chores
before a hard day's labor In the truck
patch.
She believes in eating, does Mattie. in
food for man and beast, and for man
beast, too. for she likes her own share
immensely. So she liberally fills the
bucket for the ehorting hogs and scatters
grain for the myriad chickens and geese
and for the benutiful carrier pigeons,
which she great iy admires. While the
carriers eat Mattie will stand within their
coop, and, with arms akimbo and small
head critically perched on one side, will
regard th^m with evident pride and with
hiph approval. Farmer Farren describes
ilattie's day's work as follows:
"Then away to the cow pen, for there
old Pretty and Brindle Betty are casting
wistful glances over their shoulders, won
dering when they will be milked. Mattie
delights In milking cows. Her milking
stool is higher than that of the average
milkmaid, for Mattie is not one-third as
tall and her arms are not nearly so long.
Her little hands are quick and strong,
gentle and soft. She cannot carry away
the milk-pails, but this is done by two
little girls— Mary and Flora."
On her way from tho milking stool to
the truck patch. Farmer Farren says,
Mattio occasionally spies a stranger ap
proaching throuph the grass • covered
road, and this is so unusual that the little
beast takes alarm at once. and. rushing
to the kitchen, seizes the dinner bell and
wields it with wildly clanging effect. And
if the farmer is far away in the fields
~nd docs nnt hear the loud alarm and the
two little girl? are too busy at egg finding
Matt'o takes it upon herself with many a
well-aimed stone to chase the intruder
away.
The vegetable garden is Mattie's spe
cial pride and pleasure. She loves to
till the soil and to reap the reward of her,
labor. Mr. Farrcn says she 'glories in her'
wealth, and if you are an approved \is»
Hor at the Farren farm Mattie will, after
CW.to'Sm©^
bravea the ways of the warriors of long
ago.
With him in his long voyage will be only
one companion, the greatest Indian of the
tribe. Peter Nicola. He is 20 years old,
and up and down the Penobscot he is
known as a canoeist and hunter.
Their craft is of birch bark, chosen from
the greatest trees of the forest, sewed to
gether by the deftest squaws with thongs
made of cedar roots. Its seams are closed
with pitch taken from the pine woods. Not
a thing that will suggest the invasion of
the white man v.-lil be found in it when it
passes beneath the shaft honoring the first
Great Father.
It will need a stout craft Indeed to stand
the test to which the solitary Indians will
Q2& Penobscot
5 CORNING the ways of the white in
vader and clinging to the majesty
which' invested his forefathers in
the' days when the Penobscot war
riors ruled the Maine forests. Big Thun
der, aged chief of the last of the tribe on
Oldtown Island, will pay a visit to and
smoke tv pipe of peace with the Great
Father in Washington.
He has had made a canoe of bark, big
and strong, and in this he Intends to .ven
ture out upon the ocean and paddle for the
2000 miles of water that separate him from
his goal.
Big Thunder, or Frank I/oring. as his
neighbors now know him, is SO years old,
a giant in stature, with muscles and
sinews that have withstood the years. He
can lift a barrel of flour on his shoulder
and carry it erect, and .slill can teach his
put their frail bark. Men who have braved
the seas all the years of their manhood
would he?itate long before trusting them
selves out on the wild Maine coast or
down around Cape Cod, even with a boat
which had a keel and was held together
with nails and iron.
Tradition of the shore has it that once
an oarsman made the journey up the
Sound and into Buzzards Bay In a small
boat, but his attprnpt has deterred others
from trying. Hut even the traditions fall
to tell of such a journey from the north
west along a coast mariners learn
to look for tragedy year after year.
Big Thunder and his companion will
paddle down the Penobscot soon, thirty
miles from their home passing Bangor.
They will take as much provisions a3 their
boat will hold, and they expect when they
get to the mouth of the river to find a
supply of gulls' eggs that will fill the stern
of their canoe. After that they will ex-
a birch bark canoe make it they will mar
vel grratly.
If the voyager? pass all these dangers,
however, the journey will then b*» easy. It
will be only a short rep.eh to the Race, and
the Sound will give them relief from the
perils of the sea. and they will be aMe to
r>a*ldle their way to the great city which
stands where kinsmen of the Algonquin
race once had their hunting: grounds.
Their journey will then be only a littl*
more than half ended, but the sea will
have no more claim upon them, for they
can paddle down amid the smoke of the
Kill von Kull. thrcush the Raritan canal
and over into the peaceful Delaware. Past
Philadelphia their course will take them
down the Delaware Bay and through the
hunting grnunOs of their kin of long ago —
the Lfnl-I.er.ape— in the Chesapeake and
Delaware canal.
Across the Chesapeake Bay will be the
old lands of their other cousins, the Pow.
hatnns, and through that will be the way
to the city of the Great Father. But they
must paekllc down the bay many scores of
milea before they can round Point Look
out and turn Into the Potomac and begin
the last reach of their long journey.
Their journey will end in the fall, for
they calculate that the moon may ris* a
hundred times before they reach the city
of the White Father.
Rig Thunder will have many relics of
olden times to show to President McKIn
ley. The or.c he prizes most is an old
flintlock musket barrel, rusted almost be
yond recognition, with which a member
cf hi3 tribe once saved Fort Machia* from
the English. The enemy were landing 1 to
make an attack and the Indian fired at
th?m. They were so far oft that the ball
skipped four times on th* water ami
struck an officer in the breast. The Eng
lish, believing that the woods and fnrt
were full of colonists, returned to their
ships ar.d sailed away.
Big- Thunder's canoe, too. will probably
become one of the curiosities cf the capi
tal. Officials at the Smithsonian Institu
tion wish to ha\-e it as a relic, and they
may persuade the old chief and his young
ret'alner to trust themselves to the cars
of the white man.
Pfp£ 6P.\P$ace With the p^sTd^t
pect to catch fish out In the ocean suf
ficient for subsistence.
They will seek the hospitality of no
white man on this journey of state. They
will take the implements for cooking that
their ancestors carried Ions ago, and their
only shelter at night, rain or stars, will
be a . c mall skin tent, such as their fathers
carried.
They expect to find their beds on the
beach, putting In each night at some
friendly point. Each will have a caribou
hide tanned by the squaws in the way tra
dition has taught them.
"When they turn outside the light on
Marshall Island, however, they may well
think of the perils of the voyage they will
undertake.
Down the coast jut cut rocky headlands,
where the surf beats, storm or fair. When
Ftorms come, and they may well happen
even In the summer time. the sea rolls
angrily in toward these headlands, and
many a stanch craft has gone to destruc
tion on them.
Sometimes In paddling in the bays they
will find shelter from the storms behind
the islands that line the coast, but once
they have cleared Cape Elizabeth there is
practically no such shelter. Cape Ann and
Kastern Point must be passed before they
¦will find the shelter of the Islands in Mas
sachusetts Bay, and when they leave these
they must skirt along a coast which men
of the sea have come to know ar.d d^ead.
Cape Cod will shelter them for a time as
they skirt the shores of the Horseshoe
Bay, but past the noted Minot Ledge they
will find seas that will put to test every
stitch and every seam in their craft. GooJ
stanch ships and great steamers have
failed to live In the angry waters that are
sometimes stirred by the wind as it
sweeps over the cape and back Into the
Massachusetts farms.
And even after they have passed along
this stretch of coast and have gone
through the islands of Buzzards Bay there
will be great peril awaiting- them at Point
Judith. The stanchest of the great Sound
steamers toss when they meet the heav
ing swells that run there, fair or foul. Men
in small boats along the coast know bet
ter than to brave such a passage. Should
TINY BIRCH CANOE WILL CARRY BIG THUNDER TO GREAT FATHER
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
11On my way over from Honduras to.Gua
temala on this trip, about three months
ago, I fell in with a poor Cuban deserter.
I never learned his true name, but he
passed for Guan Acosta. He was accused
of being a deserter from the patriot army
of General Gomez in Cuba. His corre
spondence with a, young Spanish lady,
Senorita Isabella Andrade. a resident of
Havana, being captured and his many ex
pressions of endearment in these letters
not being understood by the Cuban spies,
he was arrested, and on such evidence
contained in these purloined letters, wu
saving 1 long turns in all the roads, and
!r.ake the journey in about one-fourth the
usual time."
"Oh, sir. do not do that. Ough! do not
so there, sir." he interrupted.
"Why not?" I asked.
"Oh. sir. haven't you hoard of the fate
of th^ Cuban deserter?" he excitedly ask
e<l. ¦ "1 thought every one had heard of
that."
"No. What about the fate cf the Cuban
ccstrtrr?" 1 asked.
•¦^Vtii. we!!, listen then and I w!ll tell
you. Hush! What's that nol.se?"
'"Not'iiir.g. 1 don't hear anything,' I
replied.
"Oh. never mind then. Sometimes I
fancy that I even pee that poor Cuban pa
triot and am sometimes sure that I can
hear his death screams. But listen. Now
don't interrupt me. for whon 1 am inter
rupted I must commence all over again."
"VWH. go en. I will not interrupt you,'.'
1 replied*. , . . ",.'
"TV's, but you <;i<1 interrupt me just
ihen." he snapped. ''Kow -wait. As I said
before, I fancy 1 can tee him on his horse.
By Syl Sylvester.
T7 AST sumner I ¦was detained a few
Ldays in Tapachula, In Southern
Mexico, for steamer mail. One
evening, being somewhat home
rick. I Fc-jght a secluded spot in the
Jard'.n c!e Pub'.ico. near the Fontara
<Je Pisoado. The mammoth bullfrogs of
the pools were raakir.s lonesomeness more
hideously lonesome by their unearth'y
nocturr.u.1 bellowings, which nevertheless
had a peculiar churn on the imagination.
The hour was growing late and I was
*oon lost i:i musir.s. So intent was my
reverie that I did not hear the approach
cf a ir.an who from motive or chance
Fought the Fame spot and took a scat at
the other end of the bench.
"The throats of our grand opera singers
over there se*>m a little hoarse to-night."
he raid— my f.ra=t intimation of his pres
ence.
0 "A preuy croaky opera I should say.
but interesting nevertheless," I replied,
6ora< » hat startled.
"Have you been long in this place?" he
asktd after pcnie moments of silence on
the j>art of everything except the bu'.l
frogs. ' -
"Only a ecup'.e of days." I answered.
"A couple of days! A couple of days!"
lie repeated abstractedly. "That may be
counted by hours or may be counted by
yonr?. Time here .i« measured by retro
pression and fors«ifu!ncss. This country
1? Tu!l of death traps— physical, mui.il and
.... •
s-ona".
Afur this strange soliloquy he relapsed
Into thought.
"How Ion? hav« you boon here?" I ven
tured to 35lc. for no one who has over
lived elsewhere wcuid live there if he
could p«et av.ay.
""Oh. I Jiift came ovr from Guatemala
to wind u;> a UUle bu^lneps and then I
< xrect to tske th? o!<i Slarbuck for Amer
ica on her next trip home," he replied."
"1 wish 1 v.-cre Liound with you," I re
plied, "but I am obliged to make an ex
tended trip in the interior of Guatemala
io o:amir.e a coffee plantation for a £an
Francis-co syndicate before I return. But
ihat will not take many days, for I shall
cut across lots through the open country,
sentenced to be shot— escaped in the night
to the Cuban coast and embarked on an
American trampship bound for Honduras,
where he landed early in the spring. Here
he again deserted, but this time hoped to
roach Ocos on the Pacific coast of Guate
mala, where he could take a 'coaster* to
Panama, and there ship on an English
vessel plying along the coast of South
America. We became at" once fast. friends.
I grew to. love the youth f ;i his manly
character and generosity. He was about
.10 years of age, handsome and ever spoke
lovingly of his 'Dulcina* in Havana. He
wore about his neck a litle chain to which
was attached a locket. In the locket was
the picture of a beautiful girl, with large
dreamy eyes, regular features of ti«
- Spanish type, and heavy long hair. A
smile displayed even pearly teeth. A.
dozen times a day he would withdraw thi»
away from him In the direction indicated
and saw an open space In the foliage of
the trees. *Yes. It,. must leave, the mesa [
'at the" foot, of that big white ' I was
eaylng, when interrupted by a terrible
blood-curdling cry of :hla horse, abovo
which I heard the screams and oaths of
the man. But I saw only a cloud of dust
arising from the ground where he stood.
My horse taking fright ran away wltlx
me toward the woods. The awful, terri
fying cries and screams and oaths, though
actually only momentarily, ring yet In my
ears. My horse fell at the edge of th»
timber, throwing me headlong. The fall
etunn'ed me.
"When I recovered consciousness som«
days later, I was In a small bamboo hut,
the home of an old native woman. Donna
. Garcia. When I opened my eyes, sha
smiled and spoke some kindly word,
which I did not understand, and placed t»
my lips a little tequlle (a native brandy).
I was tired and soon fell asleep again.
When I next awoke the grood donna (God
bless her!) was watching near me with *
bowl of broth for me. I wa3 not allowed
THE SUNDAY CALL.
locket from its hiding plnco on his bosom
and press It to his lips. Poor lad! . poor
lad! Three-months ago, my friend, my
hair was as black as yours. Look at it
now— white!" He shuddered as he stared
In silence toward th? ground. ,'.¦
, "Our way." he presently continued, "lay
for the most part through a forest over
a cart road, on cither side of which were
tangled :vlncs and cane -brake,- so dense
that. to leave the road was : Impossible,
even for a dog, much less a man on horse
back. It was hot, and the dust was near
ly knee-deep to tho horses, but '¦ about 2
o'clock In the- afternoon we. came; out
Into an open glade covered with a species
of dry foxtail grass. The sun was burn-
Ing. The . road lay across^the open, but
not straight? as it appeared It might have
done. I had noticed this peculiarity about
the' roads crossing the open, country in
rriany parts "of Central -America; .but 1
always before this * followed ¦'¦ the well-'
beaten track, not for any. reason only that
it was easier to do so than to get my. old
horse out* of It. We had not gone far. in
this open when we observed about a mile
,a,wny-wha.t semed io bea loop .where ; the
'road turned i towards the . forest.' leaving
the plain only . about five I hundred • yards
from us. .We -thought to cut across and
strike -the * road : again '', and thus "save I a
couple of miles. When off the road a Ht
tle\\yay we found the ground to be very
uneven: with ridges and hollows, and lost
eight of .tho road entirely. ' To '; pet a bet
ter : view, ' my ; compa nion » rode upon a lit-'
tie knoll and halted. Raising himself in
his : stirrups, he looked all about him.
: 'There ; It Is over, there, V- he" called^ point
*oar;over -my >¦ head. I turned and looked
) I lay down and crawled to. the brink and
looked over,; into it. ".Oh," horrors! There
sat the man astride his horse. Every ves
tige of clothing and flesh of man and horse
were 'gone. '.The saddle was gone. The
bottom of the pit was covered deep with
One afternoon I concluded to look for
the spot where I foil. Following the jli
rections indicated by Donna Garcia; I
went out to the road, thence . along the
bank of the stream- about a quarter of a
mile.- There I found the barkless tree,
with its white arms stretched out like a
ghost in the black forest. It was the only
thing. I could certainly -recognize. Near
this- tree was where, the road passed and
where 1 fell. I then looked over tho open
and saw little mounds scattered here and
there, but could not make out even the
direction in which I "last saw the
sailor. ,.1 remembered seeing „. him ride
upon- a mound; remembered the
cries of the frightened horse, the
screams of the horror - stricken man,"
the -cloud of dust," my own horse running
away.; Looking about: some little time -I
found signs of where my horse went down.
I followed^ the tracks back over the mesa.
They. were not very distinct, 'but I finally
came ; to?, where .we had separated, and,
taking : the tracks of his horse, / followed
them until I came within view of. what
seemed to be a 'sink In the ground.' .1
cautiously walked toward it. It proved to
be an actual sink. A strange feeling of
awe and;fear came over me. No one had
seen my companion- nor his horse since
that day. / Could it'be that he was in this
pit? ; I asked! myself. I shuddered. My
soul shrank within me at the thought.
to talk any for some days. When a lit
tle recovered my lirst inquiry was for
my companion.. Where was I? What nad
happened? Where was my.horse?i etc.
When strong enough,. Donna Garcif, the
good old soul, told me through an inter
preter of how I Was found on the road
side by some passing 1 Mozo*;, who brought
me to her hut dead; of how she gave me
herb tea that made my heart move; and
of how, by and by, life returned. I
learned these particulars trom her as I
give them to you, my friend. How long
I lay there before 1 was foundY she could
not tell me. Most of my money bclns
in the saddle pocket, was. like the saddle
and bridle, carried away by the horse/and
never found. As I grew ¦stronger the in
cidents ' of 'the accident ' became clearer,
but it was many weeks before I could go
out.
• ¦ ¦ iV ..
Izipompolo is the long.nam e for the little fellow that builds
the famous anthills. Thesa hills are from eight to ten feet in height
and are either entirely made of pulverized clay cemented by th*
formic acid secretion from the bodies of the r.nts, or el3e of a com
posite cf straw, twigs and earth. The anthills are very strong, be
ing br.ked by the sun until of almost the density of china. They
are used by the natives for smelting or cooking purposes, making
excellent ovens when excavated and a fire placed inside.
• The hotter the sun the more active is the izipompolo. He is &
most ferocious creature, and is, in addition, an arch demon of fals
ity. .With, ingenious deceit he will eat the heart out of a book, a
bundle of letters or a block of wood in such a way that it appears
uninjured. But the moment you grasp it it crumbles into frag
ments and dust.
This ant is also a scavenger. Kill a fly, mouse or frog, leave it
on ths ground and watch. Along comes an ant. He inspects th©
object, runs all over it, and, as it were, takes its measure. Then he
departs, and soon returns, leading a convoy, which either carry
the object off bodily or set about excavating the victim with their
strong mandibles, so there remains nothing but a skeleton covered
by the cuticle if it be fur or leather.
Thess ants have a great fancy for greasy, oily or sweet sub
stances, and so are unwelcome visitors to the housewife's larder.
Among some of the tribes of Bushmen and Kaffirs this appetite is
turned to a dreadful purpose. Prisoners of war are fastened to a
tree infested by these insects or to one of the anthills, thejr bodies
smeared with honey or fat. Soon the feast is reported and the anta
issue in myriads and literally gnaw the flesh from the bones, the
victims dying a slow and fearful death.
Intlced, it is true that a skeleton left -by -them may retain
its perfect form. If not disturbed, the ants carry out their work
until every vestige of flesh is removed and the white skeleton re
mains glued together by the dense ligaments, which the hot, dry
air converts into structures as rigid as the bones they hold so firm
ly. No more beautiful anatomical specimens can be obtained than
the skeletons of birds and the like "dressed" by thesg dissecting
room experts. - * ' '
dust. The horse's r.eck was bowed, one
foot raised, as if restless, its mouth
ghastly open. Tn"5~ rider, with knees
closely pressed against the sides of the'
horse, sat erect, his head a quarter view
to -the left, his arm in position for holding
the reins and his right extended, pointing
into space.
The mound upon which he had ridden
¦was an ant hill; a fiinxs? structure, honey
combed by ages of industrious work. The
unusual weight crushed it in like an egg-
«hell. covering horse an<5 rider with anta
and dust. The enraged peats instantly
began their terrible work. The form'.a
acid emitted by millions of these excited
Insects. Instantly and rigidly n.xlns th«
muscles of both the horse and Its rider,
thetr bones were firmly set and wer«
stripped clean and white as bleaching
could have made them.
A skeleton man riding upon a skeleton
horse!- Did the spirit or tha man rid*
away, too. on the spirit of the horse? "Who
can tell?
I lay some minutes contemplating tha
awful scene. The chain and charm about
that neck spoke of a loving heart some
where. But no prayer, no sepulcher. no
loving hands to close the eyes! Alonel
"Dust to dust, ashes to ashes!" I rever
ently repeated, and cast Into the pit »
handful of sand. • Instantly myriads oC
ants, as if by magic, started forth from
the bottom, from the sides, from every;
part, nook and corner of the pit, cov
ering the skeletons, which, to my Imag
ination, seemed actually agonized aa thes«
rukning, maddened insects whetted their
mandibles on the Inarticulate bones.
STATEMENT BY FREDERICK
D'EVELYN, M. D.
12
FATE OF A CUBAN DESERTERText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableFrom His Report on The Armies of Asia and Europe (1878).
WHAT GENERAL UPTON SAID ABOUT THE CHINESE.
HEXRY M. MONTELL, formerly of San Francisco but now In the Chinese customs service,' and his wife, who was a
daughter of Captain "Wood of the United States Army, and" was born and reared in this city, are among those
who are within the walls of Tientsin and whose lives are almost despaired of. . The many relatives and friends
of the couple in this city* are very much worried over their perilous "position and fear the worst. Nothing has
been heard from the Montells since the middle of May. At that time they wrote that there were' a few Boxers
outside of the city walls, but that no trouble was anticipated, showing that they , were entirely unprepared for what
followed. Mr. Montell is noted for his daring, and as he always expressed hatred and gutter contempt for the Chin
ese It is feared that he has been led to extremes that- may have cost him his life before now. . . * '
Mr. Montell is an uncle of Councilman Felton Taylor of Oakland and a brother of Ed Montell of the local cus
toms service. His aged mother, now 95 years old, resides at the home of Mr. Taylor In Oakland: ¦ George . Montell. a
brother who Is In the Chinese customs service and stationed at -Shanghai, has gone up. with the troops to look after
the prisoner. His wife Is now visiting friends in this city and is very much worried over the reports concerning Tien
tsin. Ten years ago, while home on a visit. Henry *M, Montell, who had been several years in China, was married In
this city to Miss "Wood and took his bride back with him to China. She was formerly-very popular. in this city. The
accompanying photograph of . Henry M. Montell and wife and George Montell was taHen a few years ago in Japan.
LONDON, July 7.— The Japanese Minis
ter, Kato Takkl. received a dispatch from
Tokio this evening, giving his Govern
ment's reply to Great Britain's question
as to whether, with the consent of the
other powers, \ Japan Is willing to send
large. reinforcements to China. Japan re-
JAPAN PEEP ABED TO ACT.
CIVIL WAR WTLL ENSUE.
I NEW YORK. July 7.— A "World special
from Hongkong says: The strong rule of
LI Huns Chang has maintained peace in
the southern provinces thus far. But it
is expected here ""that the lower classes,
the rowdy, riotous element, wll probaMy
join the forces, of the usurper of the
throne, Prince Tuan. and civil war will
ensue.
BERLIX, July ".—A semi-official note
says: "In replying to Japan's request for
notice of the powers* attitude toward
China, Germany has replied she regard
ed the maintenance of harmony among
the powers of prime Importance, and
would, accordingly, assent to any meas
ures not objected to in other quarters."
GERTYTATTg FAVORS HARMONY.
¦WASHINGTON, July 7.— As a result of
a thorough consideration of the subject
by the Secretary of War, Lieutenant Gen
eral Miles and Adjutant General Corbin.
orders were issued by the "War Depart
ment this afternoon for the dispatch of
6254 regular troops to the Philippines with
a view* to their utilization in China.' in.
case It is found necessary to divert them
to that country, These troops are in
tended primarily to relieve the volunteers
In the Philippines and will only be di
verted to China in the event that circum
stances demand it.
- The force" is made up of two battalions
each of the Fifteenth, Second, Fifth and
Eighth Infantry, two squadrons each of
the First and Ninth Cavalry, one squad
ron of the Third Cavalry and a company
of engineers.
¦ These troops will be forwarded as rapid
ly as transportation arrangements can be
perfected and the entire fleet of trans
ports at San Francisco and New York
will be employed in the work.
REGULAR TROOPS FOR
UTILIZATION IN CHINA
LONDON", July S.— There is nothing
in the few dispatches received last
r.ight to add to the ray of hope
raised regarding the fate of the
legations at Peking by yesterdaj-'s
dispatches from Washington and mes
sages from other sources indicating th«t
the legations were still standing on July
3 and the recent attacks by the Boxers
had beer. Flight. News from other points
was distinctly disquieting. A report from
Chtrfu, dated July T, says the Catholic
Bishop, two priests and two nuns have
been murdered.
A report from Moukden. dated July 5,
says the Danish mission at Hin Tun was
surrounded by Boxers. According to the
report It would be possible to hold out
on!y two days. A party of Cossacks, resi
dents of Moukden, and the British Con
buI had started for the relief of those
besieged at the Danish mission.
The situation at Tientsin on July 3 is
said to have been most serious. Japanese
*.nd Russian forces are reported to have
been hurrying there from Taku, but ac
cording to some accounts mutual distrust
exists between the allies.
A report from Shanghai, dated July 7,
says that the British warships are vigi
lantly watching for the purpose of pre
venting any attempt of the Chinese
to cross the Yang-tse-Kiang.
Energy of ¦ America,
"WASHINGTON, July 7.— The issue to
day of the formal orders for the dippatch
to the East of more than GGOO troops from
the army posts in the United States was
a manifestation of the energy with which
the Government is now about to act in the
Chinese matter. True, the** troops are
nominally destined for the Philippines to
replace the volunteers now there, but it
Is admitted that they are being sent out
by a route that will easily admit of de
flection to Taku or some other convenient
Chinese _ port. Possibly Consul General
Goodnow'B cablegram representing the le
gations as being active as late as the 3d
Inst. may have had soa< thing to do with
this radical action. Whatever the cause,
if these troops are landed in China, to
g-ether with the Ninth Infantry, supposed
to be now at Taku. and the marine and
naval contingent, the United States will
have a force in action commensurate with
her interests and In proportion to the
European forces. Japan is to begin oper
ations with the full consent of Europe,
and It (a calculated that fuli foreign rein
forcements, including our own. will arrive
Jn China, if they are landed at all, in se-a
pon to f.nish the work left by tho Japa
r.c-se. The orders to-day to the troops, it
Js believed at the State Department, have
an indirect but most important bearing on
the situation in Chir.a. Once the Viceroys
of Ortral and Southern China become
satisfied that the foreign legions are actu
ally coming in force they may be counted
upon to take the warning to themselves
end continue to observe neutrality at
3east. > Evidently Consul General Good
now'a suggestion ot yesterday had its ef
fect, for he pointed out himself the bene
ficial effects that the addition of troops to
the soldiers now in China would have.
GUARDSMEN READY
FOR ACTIVE SERVICE
Bpeciil Difpatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES, July ".—The announce
ment that General Corbln has asked the
adjutant general for a status of the Cali
fornia NaticnjJ Guard has aroused much
speculation in military circles. The in
crease in the probabilities that a large
ermy of -American soldiers may be re
quired In China finds the Seventh Regi
ment ready for any service that may be
needed. The sore and vexatious experience
that the regiment received during the war
•with Spain has not dampened its military
spirit. Every company of the regiment is
ready to go. Its services may be tendered.
Troop D. cavalry. Is also prepared to start
*t a dcy's notice.
Special XMrpatcfa to The Call.
FEARS FOR SAFETY
OF MISS ABBIE CHAPIN
I LOS ANGELES, JiXy 7.— Among those
who are supposed to be victims of the Chi
nese massacres is Miss Abbie Chapin. who
left Lcs Angeles la?t summer to engage
In work under the Congregational Board
*f Missions. Alls- Chapin was born in
' China and is a daughter of Mrs. L. D.
'. Chapin of Los Angeles, one of the pioneer
' mis'sionaries in China. Mrs. Chapin and
, her family returned to Los Angeles a few
| years ago after many years of hard mis
sionary work. Mips Abble did not accom
pany the family, but remained to continue
her work of preaching. Last summer she
returned with a sick companion, and since
her "return to the Orient has continued
her work. Her brother, Ed Chapin, is
also In China.
ONE GOVERNOR FAVORS
PRINCE- TUAN'S EDICT
PARIS, July 7.— The French Consul at
Shanghai telegraphs under date of July
2 that the Viceroys of Nankin, Ou Chang,
Foochow and Szec Houn and the Gover
nors of Kiang Si and Ngan Houei have
just issued a proclamation couched in vig
orous terms for the protection of foreign
erjs." The Governor of Che Kiang alone,
it is added, published Prince Tuan's edict
against foreigners. The Consuls have in
formed the admirals of the attitude of
the latter functionary.
A telegram . from the French Consul at
Tientsin, dated June 23, said he; then con
sidered the situation somewhat improved.
A telegram from the French . Consul at
Hoi How, dated July 7, says:
"The agitation uf the _ past . few , days
subsided i and calm is re-established,
thanks to the vigorous measures of the
authorities." .* - .
The Consul of France at Chefu, under
date of July 4. transmits, a rumor that
Men Tung Fu Slan is master of the situ
ation of Peking and is preparing an edict
against foreigners. The rebels, this' Con
sul also says, occupy the Yellow River.
PROCLAMATION THAT
URGES EXTERMINATION
CHEFU, July 6.— When the allies bom
barded the native city of Tientsin Captain
Ota of the Japanese artillery and another
Japanese officer were killed. The Ameri
can Consul here showed to-day a procla
mation posted six miles from Chefu and
distributed in the native city. It says:
"The holy god of war arouses the Bud
dhist world on account of the depraved
sects of Protestant and Catholic Chris
tians who insultingly overpower the Ching
dynasty. Millions of spiritual soldiers will
destroy the depraved sects without calam
ities caused by earthly armies. All who
are ready to distribute copies of this pla T
card quickly secures his family from
calamity. Non-distribution brings calam
ity."
Foreigners are accused of poisoning
wells. Native officials and representative
merchants warn the people to disregard
the Boxer proclamations.
CRISPI PREDICTS THE
DISMEMBERMENT OF CHINA
NEW YORK, July 7.-A World special
from Rome says: Ex-Premier Crispi said
to-day: "I am convinced the dismember
ment of China is imminent. The integ
rity of China is impossible after this re
volt Once let the fabric of the Chinese
Government be touched and chaos will in
evitable ensue. I strongly advise that a
powerful expedition be sent, thus enabling
Italy to share in the Bpoils."
Marquis Vlsconti Venosta, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, was also interviewed. He
said:
"Italy's policy is to support the cause
of civilization. . But we want no terri
tory- Germany encourages Italy to send
troops to enhance the prestige of the
triple alliance, but Italy's aim should be
to assist the powers against the disinte
gration of China." -,¦?:«.;
TWO LEGATIONS WERE
STILL HOLDING OUT
LONDON, July 7.-A cable dispatch
dated Thursday, 5:50 p. m., received to-day
at the London office of the Inspectorate of
Chinese Maritime Customs from Shanghai
says:
"Courier left Peking July 3, when two
legations were holding out against troops
and Boxers. Troops had lost 2000 men
and Boxers many leaders."
VICTORIA. B. C. Jury 7.— H. M. S. Are
thusa has been ordered • to China. She
will leave Wednesday next.
ORDERED TO CHINA.
CANTON, Friday, July 6.-Quiet contin
ues here. Li Hung Chang has stationed
troops In the streets to prevent disturb
ances. A steamer intended to convey LI
Hung Chang northward sailed to-day, os
tensibly bound for KIu Kuang. She took
250 packages of Li Hung Chang's goods.
WASHINGTON*. July 7.— A cablegram
was received at the State Department this
morning from Consul General Goodnow at
Shanghai, dated July 7. saying that the
legations were standing on the 3d Inst.
and that the recent attacks of the Boxers
had been sllgrht. They seemed disposed to
adopt starvation methods.
TSOOPS TN THE STREETS.
STARVATION METHODS.
SHANGHAI. July 7.— Prince Tuan has
ordered General Yuan Shi Kai to march
on Nankin with 13.000 German-drilled
troops. It is doubtful If he will obey, but
In any case Viceroy Lui la believed to be
able to safely hold Xankin. He has fif
teen warships on the Yang-tse-KIang, and
Great Britain Is ready to assist thi3 oppo
nent of the rebel government The de
parture of the anti-foreign taotl, Sheng.
for Nankin, is causing anxiety.
TO MARCH ON NANZIU.
LONDON. July 7.— The Foreign Office
has Issued the text of a telegram from
Acting Consul General Warren at Shang
hai.' confirming from thoroughly trust
worthy sources the news received by
courier from Peking, July 3, by way of
Shanghai to the London office of the In
spectorate of Chinese Maritime Customs,
saying that two legations were, the day
the courier left, holding out against the
troops and Boxers and that the troops
had lost 2000 men and the Boxers many
leaders. Mr. Warren adds that the mes
senger, says the troops ¦were much dis
heartened by their losses and that the
Boxers claim their mystic powers have
been broken by the foreigners and that
they dare not approach the legations.
It is further asserted that the foreigners
at Peking ought to be able to hold out for
a long time as they have sufficient food
and ammunition.
HEAVY LOSS AMONG
. . THE CHINESE TROOPS
In conclusion M. Deleasse- dwelt upon
the necessity of. a perfect accord among
the powers, and declared that such accord
really exists at the present time. I
* Four thousand French troops, he con
tinued, had already started, and another
4000 will leave before July 20. Other troops
will follow, according to the emergency
of the situation. Measures will also be
taken' to make'the naval- force worthy of
France, who never intended to abdicate
any of. her rights.
The Minister explained the dangers of a
declaration of war. He favored action at
Peking similar to France's action in Yuan
Nan Sen, and had suggested it to the pow
ers, but the situation at Peking was dif
ferent. The Government had disappeared
before the insurrection, which would only
yield to force, and it was this force which
it was necessary to employ.
¦ "Against whom could war be declared?
The Imperial Government appears either
to have been abducted or imprisoned by
the rebels, but the Viceroys do not seem
disposed to obey the rebel chiefs."
"Japan has expressed to- us her desire
to act in accord with the other powers
and do nothins without them. France
has Informed the Japanese Government
that It will see with pleasure the co-ope
ration of Japan in the common cause."
As concerns a state of war, M. Delcassa
said:
PARIS. July 7.— In . the Chamber of
Deputies to-day the Minister of Foreign
Affairs. M. Delcasse, replying to a Dep
uty, said:
EXPLAINS DANGERS OF
A OF WAR
plied that she was prepared to carry out
the suggestion and that one division
would be dispatched immediately.
SAN FRANCISCANS WHO ARE IN DANGER AT TIENTSIN.
Henry M. Montell and Wife Prisoners in the Chin?se City.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. July 7.— There is a distinctly easier feeling
in official and diplomatic circles here as the result of the action of Russia in assenting to the Japanese proposi
tion to send a sufficient force into China to suppress the Boxer rebellion. Though the Japanese have up to this
time only given orders to one: division to proceed-to Taku,- it- would not be surprising, should she mobilize an
other division and have it ready for embarkation to China in case developments there indicate the necessity of
reinforcements. Before sending additional. troops Japan would in all probability consult the several powers, as she did
respecting the dispatch of one division under orders, and it Is likely that Russia would not accept the proposal of the*
Tokio Government with any more willingness than she recently displayed. Should , need of additional troops be
shown, however, there is no doubf that the United States individually - would be willing to have the Tokio authorities
send as many p* might be necessary. It is likely in this event that" pressure would again have to be applied to Russia,
just as was done by the powers, with the exception of Germany, which according to information received here declined
to make any representations to the St. Petersburg • Government relative to the poHcy it should pursue.
The authorities are hopeful, however, that no more troops than those in Japan and the other powers have under or
ders will be required. The Japanese military strength In China will be 22.000; Russia, 13,000; United States, 13,000, pro
vided all the troops under should be sent to Taku; and Great Britain; Germany and France are- expected to
make up at least 25,000 men. Should all the troops the nations at this moment contemplate sending be not'diverted, the
allied force in China will be 75,000 men. Of course some time must elapse before all these troops will arrive at Taku. and
some of them, notably those given orders by this Government, may not go at all. .
A report has been circulated that the Chinese Embassador recently asked Russia to extend a protectorate over
China. No Information confirmatory of this report has been had in Washington, and it is frankly stated by officials
that they do not believe it. Knowing the. relation in which the Novoe Vremya stands toward the Russian Government,
the authorities attach considerable importance to its statement that Russia accepts the policy proposed by the United
States. It is stated that beyond the Russian hesitancy to agree to the dispatch of Japanese troops to Taku, nothing
has been received here to indicate that Russia has any other object in view than to protect her subjects and their in
terests, and to withdraw from China when this is accomplished.
RETREAT' OR CHINESE TROOPS FROM THE TIENTSIN ARSENAL.
MANY CATHOLICS IN
THE DOWAGER ZONE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— According to
; information obtained at the legation of
Mgr. Martinelli, apostolic delegate to the
i United States In this city, there are 3S.640
; Catholics in the province of Peking, which
has a population of 12,000,000. Bishop Al
phonse Favier, vicar apostolic, succeeded
the late Bishop . John Baptist Sor
thon, . to whom he was coadjutor
for several years. Bishop Sorthon
died in May, 1SD9. Bishop Favier
was bom in France in 1S38. He has been
in China many years. He has as assist
ants twenty-three European and twenty
four native missionaries. ' There are
twenty-two residential parishes in the
province of Peking-. Five are in the city
of Peking and two are in Tientsin. There
are 4C0 stations, not residential, which are
visited by missionaries, thirty-flve
churches, 145 chapels and 107 oratories. ! In
the city of Peking: are two seminaries. In
the province of Peking are 133 elementary
Catholic schools, sixty-nine for boys with
116S pupils, and sixty-four for girls with
132) pupils. There 13 In the city of Pe
king an academy for boy_s with 145
students.
• In Tientsin there is a college for Euro
peans with twenty boarding students; also
a normal school- and. a school- for cate
chists. -There are two hospitals in Peking
and -one- in Tientsin. ¦ In the province of
Peking are two 'homes for old men and
two for old women.' v .
• In the city of Peking there are two or
phan asylums and three pharmacies, and
there Is one pharmacy In Tientsin. There
are'also in the province seven asylums for
pagan orphans.
-In religious institutions there are forty
four Lazarists and six European and
forty-seven native Trappists. Of nuns
there are thirty-two Sisters of Charity
having four houses In the province, and
nfty-three Sisters of St. Joseph, all of
whom are natives."
THE CRISIS IIN THE ORIENT.
LITTLE HOPE FOR THE FOREIGNERS IN PEKING
Pages 21 to 30
Among the Disrjuieting
Reports Is One From
Chefu Stating That a
Catholic BishoD, Two
Priests and Two Nuns
Have Been Murdered.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 38.
SAN FRAXCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 8, 1900-FORTY PAGES.
Pages 2110 30
at the map shows that the destiny of Asia Is in the hands of England, Russia, Japan and China.
plTwo of these nations/by means of their armies and navies, are rank-d among the great powers of the
jTl world. The third, abandoning an effete civilization, is rapidly founding civil and military institutions, which
.* .will enable her to play her part in modern development. . •.£•%'¦
China, servile in her admiration of the wisdom of past ages., attaining the highest stage of pagan,civiliza
tion centuries before her competitors sprang into existence, remains'motionless,- a prey, to corruption .and. discord.
Without wellorganized forces, without good roads or olherirgeans of speedy concentration, her seaboard prov
inces, and even her capital, lie at the mercy of her enemies.' , \
. If, reversing the picture, she were to adopt the Christian 'civilization; were to encourage purity, jus
tice, truth and integrity, by recognizing as the basis of human action responsibility to divine power; • if, imitating
the example of Japan, she were to establish schools. and academies fof^ the education of the officers and men of
her army and navy, and were to make them feel that, they i were honored' agents for the preservation' of peace at
home, and to insure respect abroad, who could compute the 'vast resources and military strength of her people?
With reform in her civil. service; with the sentiment of new national life; -/with liberty— a ¦¦> word Ss yet un
known in her language— beating in the hearts of her citizens; with railroads arid telegraphs leading to~ her fron
tiers; with troops armed with breechloaders, organized on modern principles, and commanded ; by- generals skilled
in the art of war — to, what seas might riot she carry her standards?
The realization of visions of peace and of conquest is within her grasp," but, delivered over/ to .weakness,
cruelty, ignorance and superstition, history has yet to record whether she shall continue to be an independent na
tion, or, like India, become the vassal of a nobler people. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.>iKI.KOURN*K. Victoria, July 7.— The
Imperial Government has aoreptod Vic
toria's offer of a naval contingent for ser
vlr<» In China.
EXCURSION STEAMER
GOES AGROUND IN STORM
Hundreds of Passengers Aboard Her,
but It Is Believed All
Are Safe.:- '.f^P ''.'/'.-
BUFFALO, July 7.— The large passenger
steamer Pearl, running- as an excursion
I_:>at from Crystal Beach to Buffalo, was
*iven on a reef on the Canadian Bhore
by a furious storm which. swept' In- -from
the lake late this evening. The Pearl had
on board several hundred excursionists.
The tug office was notified and two tugs
attempted to" go to" the rescue of the
Pearl, but both were unable to breast tho
heavy *<?a and were .driven back to port.
A message from Crystal Beach, says the
Pr>arl went aground as she was leaving
her dock. Of the nine hundred.passen
gers on board 700 had baon taken -ashore
when the message was sent, and there
was no doubt the others would bo land
ed without difficulty. " : ' . . •
Wedded at Ross Valley.
Special Dispatch to The Cal!.
SAM RAFAEL, July 7— Dr. Harry Sher :
man of San Francisco and" Miss Lucia
Kittle were married at Ross Valley this
afternoon. The ceremony took place at
the Episcopal Church and was 'performed
by the Right Re\> William -Ford Nichols,
assisted by the Rev. Mr.- Miel/ t of Sacra
mento. A large party of friends were pres
ent. The-brWe is the! daughter of Mrs.
John G. Kittle. . . . .,
¦ ¦ - • — - '. :» ;.
Mayflower in* Port.
NEW YORK, July 6.-The United States
auxiliary cruiser .'Mayflower, Commander
Duncan Kennedy, with the . Hon. C H
Allen, Governor of Porto -Rlcoi en board,
arrived to-day from San Juan. .
FIRE BRFAKS OUT IN
CRAMPS' SHIPYARDS
Battleship Alabama and Cruiser
Variag Endangered, but Fire
Was Kept From Them.
PHILADELPHIA, July 8.— Fire- broke
out early thia morning in the extensive
plant of the Cramp Shipbuilding Company
at Kensington. The fire originated in the
angle building, a structure about 20J feet
long.
The battleship Alabama was alongside
the building and the Russian cruiser
Varlag was lying at the end of the dock,
but firemen succeeded. in preventing the
flames from reaching, either- of the ves
se.ls. After a stubborn fight the firemen
on shore, assisted by the fireboats.. suc
ceeded in getting the fire under control
and confining it to the angle building, in
which was stored a large quantity of
angle iron and molds. It Is believed tho
Joss will not reach $200,000.
STORM IN MICHIGAN.
Cyclone and Cloudburst Sweep Over
Kalamazoo.
KALAMAZOO. Mich.. July 7.— A cy
clono, accompanied by a cloudburst # and a
hailstorm, iswe|t over Kalamazoo this
afternoon, and a conservative estimate
places the damage resulting at $100,000.
The storm lasted half an hour, and in
that time nearly six inches of water fell,
completely inundating the city. Great
damage was done In the lowlands, where
the celery . raising industry is carried on:
The celery ; crop will be completely
ruined. *
Beaten in' a Saloon.
Special ' DUpatch to The Call. ,
SAUSALITO, July ".—Joe Holms,, an
aged shoemaker of this place, is looking
(pr a Justice of ' the Peace to swear out
a warrant for the arrest of George Payne,
who he claims brutally assaulted him in
a water front saloon. Holms wa"s badly
used up and the services of Dr. Crumpton
were called to his aid. : A torn lip ana an
ugly wound on the back of hla head are
the most serious of his injuries. Holms
claims that Payne, who is a powerful
man, struck him with a club. It happened
to-day that both Justices were away and
Holms' was unable to procure a warrant.
He promises to do so on Monday. Holms
has resided here many years and bears
the reputation, of being an inoffensive
man. ;
BATTLE BETWEEN
POLICE AND STRIKERS
Gendarmes Attacked "With Pickaxes
and Crowbars and Many of
Them Injured.
HAVRE, July 7.— The strike of the la
borers employed In making excavations Is
becoming dangerous owing to their.fero
cious behavior. Disturbances occurred
yesterday, and to-day they gathered In a
threatening- manner around the labor, ex
change. The police started to disperse
them and a pitched battle took place, the
strikers using pickaxes, crowbars . and
knives. A number of the gendarmes were
injured. The gendarmes finally succeeded
in getting the upper Hand and arrested
about twenty of the riot leaders. Several
of the strikers were wounded.
STRIKE IS GROWING.
Car Men Join With. Dock Laborers in
Botterdam.
ROTTERDAM, July 7,-The dock labor
ers' strike in assuming threatening pro
portions. The car men have now Joined
in the strike, and police. and marines are
guarding the streets in order to check dis
turbances. The strikers Have picketed all
the approaches .to the town so as to pre
vent non-unionists from entering.
The laborers of Rotterdam will hold a
mass-meeting to-morrow to discuss tho
best means of meeting; the strikers.
Wales' Assailant Has Fled.
BRUSSELS, July 7.— The Etoile Beige
is authority for the statement that Jean
Baptiste Sipicfo. the youth who fired at
the Prince of Wales on April 4. has eluded
the police and that he had' fled to Paris.'
ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
A BACK DATE— W. G.. City. April 12,
1852, fell on a Monday.
POWDER WORKS— E. W. S., Vallejo.
Cal. There are no powder works In Marin
County at this time.
FREE DAY— B. G. F., City. The first
Friday in each month is free day at the
Hopkins Institute of Art.
VALUE OF A QUARTER-A. E., City.
The price asked by dealers for a quarter
of 1S54 ls from 50 to So cents.
SEATTLE TO NOME-H. E. L., New
York. N. Y. The average time from
Seattle to Nome by steamer is twelve*
days. . "
CRAWFISH— Subscriber, City. Craw
fish were planted In the Alameda Creek
pome years ago, and ther,e are some there
at this time.
• SPECULATION— W. H. L., Mulberry.
Cal. It Is a rule of this department not
to advise people to Invest money" in any
kind of speculation.
AMERICAN-IRISH-S.. City. There ls,
an association in New York known as the
American-Irish Historical Society. It has
an office at 34 Murray street.
KIT CARSON— J. F. S., Veterans' Home.
Cal. Kit Carson was born In Madison
County, Ky., December 24. 1S0S, and died
at Fort Lynn, Colo, May 23, 1S6S. vv-
AMERICAN SHIPS AND ALIENS-N.
N., City. There is a law in the United
States which prohibits an alien from own
ing the whole or part of an American
ship. > : ??:l
THE BAND STANDS— G. S.. City- The
first band stand that there was In Golden
Gate Park faced almost due east; the
preserlt also faces east, and the new one
will face north by east.
LICK OLD LADIES' HOME— S. T. C.
Freestone, Cal. The Lick Old Ladles*
Home, founded through donation from
James Lick, is still in existence. It is
now called University Mound Old Ladies
Home, and is located on the University
Mound Tract. - * *;: :
DICE SHAKING— Raseldasel, City. In
order to be able to answer the question
asked in relation to dice shaking the cor
respondent will have to state the proposi
tion In an intelligible manner. The state
ment in the letter of inquiry is not clear
enough to enable any one to understand it.
PHIT,IP A. ROACH— M. J. S., City. The
late Philip A. Roach never represented
California in the United States Senate.
He was State Senator from Monterey and
Santa Cruz. In 1852 and 1S53. and from San
Francisco in 1873-74 and 1875-76. He was
public administrator in San Francisco
from 18S3 to 1SS8. •. : "' •-.;
CITY OF DISTANCES— O. S.. City.
"The City ot Magnificent Distances," as
applied to Washington, D. C, is said to
have -originated with John Randolph. In
the 'early days of the city, when the de
fiartment buildings. Capitol and White
[ouse. widely separated, constituted even
more than now the chief points of attrac
tion and business. . Randolph remarked
that Washington was a "city of splendid
poverty and magnificent distances."
PINE TREE SHILLINGS-C Occiden
tal, Cal. There were four kinds of pine
tree coins of the denomination of twelve
pence coined in 1652.' Dealers charge for
such from $5 to $25. The dealers offer
from J.1 to $5 for such.
The question, "I have In my possession
one piece of money dated 177<> (50 cents).
.What is Ha .value?" is too Indefinite to
admit of an answer. It cannot be a
United States, coin, , as none were coined
In that year/ Coins should always be
fully described.
DEEPEST MINES— A. S.. City. - The
deepest mine on the Comstock ls the Mex
ican. The lower levels are 3653 feet below
the hoisting works. •
The deepest perpendicular mining shaft
in the world ts at Prizllram, Bohemia. It
Is a lead mine, depth about 3300 feet. The
deepest coal mine is near Tourney, Bel
gium. 3542 feet, but' not. a straight shaft.
The deepest rock salt bore is near Berlin,
Prussia, depth 41S5 feet. The deepest hole
bored into the. earth is the artesian well at
Potsdam, depth 5500 feet.
THE MISTLETOE— L..B., City. Kissing
under the mistletoe . is a relic of Scandi
navian" mythology. Lokl hated Balder,
the Apollo of the. north, and, as every
thing that springs from fire, air, earth
and water had -been sworn not to hurt
the celestial favorite, the wicked spirit
President Hobart filed Senator William P.
Frye of Maine, elected president pro tem
pore of the Senate, discharged the duties
of Senator from his State as well as those
of Vice President. If the President should
die he would not. however, succeed him.
The term of a. United States Senator ls six
years. The salary is $3000 a year and ha
is entitled to mileage.
THE STATE CAPITAXr- S., City. V*l
lejo was for a short period the capital of
the State of California. The Legislature
met there- January 5. 1852. and four days
later there was adopted a. joint resolution
to move to Sacramento and meet there
on the 13th of that month. Subsequently
an act was passed declaring Vallejo the
permanent s£at of government and Gen
eral Vallejo was to provide suitable quar
ters. In January, 1S53. the general, having
failed to comply with the terms of his
contract, the capital was removed to
Benlcia.
made an arrow of mistletoe, which he
gave to blind Jlofler to test. The god of
darkness shot the arrow and killed Bal
der. As Balder was restored to. life at
the request of the gods and goddesses,
the mistletoe was given to the goddess
of love to keep, and every one who passed
under It receivea a kiss to show that*the
precious mistletoe was the emblem of
love, not of death. -
VICE PRESIDENT— A. S., Greenwood.
Cal. There is no Vice President of the
United States at this time. The Vice Pres
ident is ,a creature of the United States
constitution, while the president pro tem
pore of the United States Senate is a crea
ture of Congressional statute. When the
Vice President dies the Senate, having
elected from among Its members a presi
dent pro tempore. he discharges the duties
that fall on the Vice President. While he
presides he preserves his rights as a Sen
ator, while the Vice President only has the
casting vote In case of a tie. When Vice
FORMER MINISTER TO
SIAM SEES M'KINLEY
CANTON. O.. July 7.— The President and
Sirs. McKinley went driving this evening
after a most arduous day for the Presi
dent. It was the business of the Govern
ment that occupied him chiefly. There
seems to be no limit to tho amount of
work forwarded to him here.
Besides judicial delegates and the scores
of people, who came only for front-door
greetings, there was one caller who seem
ed to be of importance, for the President
gave him several hours of his time. This
caller was John E. Barrett, formerly
United States Minister to Siam. . China
was the subject discussed during his con
ference with the President. It is rumored
that he had some information to impart
which Interested President McKinley very
much. >y-
SITUATION AT PEKING
NOT MATERIALLY. CHANGED
PARIS. July 7. — The French consul at
Canton telegraphs that according to the
information that he has received through
Li Hung Chang the situation at Peking
had not materially changed up to July 1.
News of a general massacre of the Euro
peans was freely circulated in Canton on
July 6. but it was denied by a telegram
received by one of the consuls. The
French consul at Canton added In his dls
patch that it has been stated at that
place that . General Yung Lu has tele
graphed the Viceroy at Canton to con
sider as null and void all so-called imper
ial decrees promulgated since June 2L
NORTHERN TRIP ABANDONED.
BERLIN, July 7.— A dispatch from Can
ton, received here to-day, is authority
for the statement that Li HOng Chung's
journey north has been practically aban
doned, though the ITnited States gunboat
Princeton Is still awaiting him at that
point. Li Hung Chang himself declares
that he has no influence in the north.
HOSTILE TO CANTONESE.
HONGKONG, July 7.— Canton is per-
fectly quiet. Business continues as usual.
The Chinese are- unanimous In saying
there will be no trouble as long as LI
Hung Chang remains in control. Arrivals
from the north state that the Boxers are
hostile to the Cantonese, who, the Boxers
say, first Introduced foreigners into China.
.w —
ONE REASSURING REPORT.
I/JNDOK, July ".— Jardlne. Mathes &
Co. of Shanghai have tejegraphed to their
London house as follows:
"SHANGHAI. July 7.— The British le
gation was standing July 2. There are
reassuring reports regarding the lives of
the Europeans."
BHOOKLYN REACHFS CHEFU.
WASHINGTON, July 7.-The Navy.De
partment at 0:45 p. m. recelyed the fol-
lowing cablegram from Admiral Remey:
"CHKFIT, July 7.— Brooklyn arrived.
Proceed immediately Taku. REMEY.".,
TIENTSIN STILL HOL1>S OUT.
NEW YORK. July 7.— A sperial to the
Journal from Chefu says Tientsin mill
holds r.ut and a battle is In progress.
Civilians cannot leave till reinforcements
arrive.
ITALY'S EXPEDITIONARY FORCE
ROME. July S.— The Tribune pays the
expeditionary force to China will be com
posed of a battalion of infantry and one
of marksmen, each consisting of 900 men,
and two half companies of artillery armed
with eight Nordenfelt" mitrailleuses.
MISSIONARIES UNINJURED.
fX>KDON, July 7.— A telegram from
Tientsin, dated July 5, to the London Mis
sionary ' Society, ~ s*ays the missionaries
there were then uninjured. '
Alaskan Telegraph" Line.
WASHINGTON. July 7.— First Lieuten
ant George C. Burnell, Volunteer Signal
Corps, at Seattle, Wash., has been ordered
to accompany a detachment of. signal
corps men from that place to Port Valdes,
Alaska, and superintend the construction
of a telegraph line from ' Port , Valdes to
Fort Esrert, Alaska.' ' - - •
Lord Roberts Reports the Arrival of
Buller at Pretoria, Looking
None the Worse for
His Campaign.
! — •
LONDON, July 7.— The War Office is
sued the following notice from Lord Rob
erts:
"PRETORIA, July 7.— General Buller ar
rived this morning. He looked very well
and is apparently none the worse 'for the
work he has gone through the past eight
months."
Another dispatch has iieen received by
the War Office from I>jrd Roberts, as fol
lows:
"PRETORIA. July 7.— The general com
manding Lady«?mith telegraphs that S00
British prisoners belonging to the Yeo
manry and the Derby shires have been put
over the Natal border from Secretary
Reitz's advance party and have reached
Acton Homes, en route for Ladysmith.
No officers accompanied the men."
I>ord Roberts also transmits the follow
ing:
-VI.AIvAFONTEIN. July 7.— A convoy
passed Greyling Station to-day. Before
reaching a defile in the hills the Boers
shelled the advancing columns. Thorny
croft's men occupied the. hills to the right
of the narrow pass, keeping the Boers
back on a ridge to the left, while the in
fantry deployed in plain sight and the ar
tillery occupied a position under the ridge.
The Boers worked their guns rapidly, but
the howitzers replied with effect and
drove back the Boers over the ridge. The
convoy passed safely, and when the force
began to retire the Boers again advanced
with a gun on the ridge. The British left
field battery replied. The first shell forced
the gun to retire."
BOERS ATTACK
BRITISH CONVOY
NEAR GREYLING
Howitzers Drive the Patriots
From Their Position
on a Ridge.
Copyrighted. IS**), by the Associated Press.
BERLIN. July 7.— The news from
China overwhelms -everything here.
The usually quiet, self-contained
German nation, both high and low.
lias become deeply nervous. Every
bit of news from China is commented
upon heatedly everywhere. Opinions dif
ler locally among the masses, but the ma
jority believes with the Government that
the Chinese situation is most serious.
This results, too. from Emperor William
and a number of the Cabinet Ministers
having postponed their summer vacations,
because it is expected that before long
The weightiest decision must be taken.
His Majesty's Chinese reward dispatch
is commented on by the press. The Tage
blatt says:
•'This "manifestation of the solidarity of
the interests of all the civilized nations
thows the broadness of the Emperor's
views and sentiments."
Emperor William will on Monday ac
company the Gorman ironclad division,
bound for China, into the North Sea. It
is known in the Emperor's entourage that
his Majesty, in his usual impulsive way,
not or.lv pave utterance to many undip
lomatic* thoughts and opinions of tho
riews of the assassination of Baron yon
Kettelor, the late German Minister at Pe
king, but could with difficulty be re
strained from following the dictates of
his heart and forthwith ordering a regu
lar army corps to be mobilized and tent
to China. The more sober views of the
Minister of I-'ort-ign Affairs. Count von
Bulow, prevailed only after several
lengthy conferences.
William's Warlike Words.
Japan's Suggestion.
Among those who were ear witnesses of
the Kmperors remarks to the marines
at WilhWmshaven previous to their de
parture for China it is known that Ms aa
iiress was much more strongly worded
than officially reported, and the newspa
tK>rs= of Wilhelmshaven and that vicinity
jiublis:h the original version, In which was
the following: , .
"I hope to re-establish peace with the
pword and take vengeance in a manner
never before seer by the world. I send
vou to eradicate the dishonor done to
the fatherland by barbarians. I shall
r.ot rest until the German colors fly from
the Peking wall."
A number of interesting press utter
ances appear to-day. The semi-official
Post has an inspired article in which the
reasons why Germany cannot counsel
Russia to accept Japanese intervention
ere set forth in detail. The writer eays:
"The first principle of German policy
is to do nothing that could be interpreted
as an act of partisanship against Russia.
AH attempts by Kngland to induce Ger
many to abandon her neutral position
toward the diplomatic negotiations now
Sn progress will fail. That England is
desirous of Japanese intervention is com
prehensible, in view of England's weak
military position and her rivalry with
Russia. For Germany matters are differ
ent. The abandonment of our traditional
friendship with Russia would be too in
adequately rewarded by England's pla
tonic approval."
Another inspired article In the Neueste
Narhriehten says:
"In Berlin we make German politics and
not English politics. Germany cannot
support a motion to entrust Japan with
a mandate until she accurately knows
what practical deductions Japan will
draw therefrom."
The Foreign Office to day informed the
correspondent of the Associated Press
that Japan quite recently made a sugges
tion to th<* powers asking what they in-
Tended to do in China. Germany answered
that country considered that harmony
of the powers in action was the chief
thing, but the representatives of the Ger
man Onvernmfnt added that they would
not rai?e kti objection to a Japanese man
date, if all the powers were agreed upon
that f ubject.
A Vienna dispatch appeared to-day in
•n hirh the rlaim was made that the p<?r
fion who Informed the correspondent had
received information from a mrmber of
the American legation to the effect that
a treaty wa« in «'xiptpnoe between the
T'nifd States and China, obliging the
" 'nltf d Ktztf »= to s*»nrl to China hpr forces
In ease th* integrity of China ls threat
ened by any power
EmbasKador White. whf>n askod regard
ing this, said that hf was of the opinion
that any Ftatement nf this chamolcr was
certainly false. No further communir-a
tior.s bPtwe^n th<» embassy and Washing
ton or the Forejjrn Office upon the subject
of China had boon made recently.
The Zeppilin Airship.
Tho comment of the f-xports in the
German n^wppaprrs rcgardii.^ the Zop
ril!n airship is rathrr unfavorable. Eye
witn^sFPS poin; out lhat H was impnpii
1>1^ for the airship flying umlor th»» moFt
favor.'iblf winds and conditions to return
to the Ftnrting p'lint. The r-xpms nntorl
tli* fact that, even umW tho favorable
finditions *»xiFtIns when the landing was
« ITectPrt. the airfhtp was considerably
rismagcii.
The. German Government, it is an
riuncftil. does not refuse <in principle to
raU a pesfion «~f the RrlchFtng In rnnnec
tfnn with th» '_*li!n»»?e troubles. Xt if fx-
X'Tted that an «»xtra p*»s«ion will become
r^crjFary lat^r. but it is said that the
occasion for one does not exist now.
I>r. O. ' V. CJr«**ne, rurgeon In the. Ignited
Ftat«\« Marine Hospital Service, hitherto
*Ttarh<'f! to th*> fireman Consulate, has
r""*n transferred to JWlln. lil&Outfps will
ronriM of making reports upr.n epidemic:
di-wasos. * ...... V-u.l
With Difficulty Could Emperor Be R«-
strained From Ordering Army
Corps Mobilized for Serv
ice Against Boxers.
GERMANS BECOME
DEEPLY NERVOUS
REGARDING CHINA
Reward for Rescue of For
eigners Shows Broad
ness of Views.
Copyrighted. 1900, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, July 7.— By the average
Britisher the present situation in
China is generally referred to as "a
crime of the powers." This view
is shared by almost everybody not
connected with the Foreign Office. With
the uncontradicted rumors that the help
less European women and children were
tortured to death at Peking there has
come home to all classes, all papers and
all parties a keen, sickening sense of Great
Britain's helplessness. Some go even far
ther and describe Great Britain's atti
tude as an ignominy unequaled in her
history. It must not be gathered that
this self-criticism excludes equally severe
criticism on the other powers concerned.
Tito preponderance of criticism Is only
directed against the home government in
the hope that it will bring some result.
"The cry is: "What is the good of Lord
Salisbury saying that the international
understanding is harmony when the har
mony will not let Japan step in and save
the lives of our Minister, the men, women
and children in his charge?"
The events and rumors of the week have
completely changed the public attitude
toward China. It is no longer a question
of spheres of influence and the mainte
nance of British power in the Far East,
but it is a matter of saving human lives
If possible and if that is baffled an over
whelming desire for a speedy. and terri
ble revenge. Emperor William's stern in
vocation of vengeance has had a heartfelt
echo in Great Britain and there are Indi
cations that the Foreign Office is awak
ening to the strength of this feeling and
Is taking such steps that international
harmony shall not in future interfere with
independent action when great emergen
cies arise.
The naval stations have become centers
of activity and ships and troops are hur
rying eastward. Parliament will be asked
for an. additional million pounds for the
navy and the inefficient vessels will be
ordered to be struck off the efficient list.
The attitude of the United States toward
China is but little understood, and is gen
erally believed to be entirely controlled
by the political conditions of the ante
election period. It is hoped that Japan's
star will now arise in the East and save
the situation, and the popular demand is
that whether or not Russia agrees Great
liritain shall speedily mako herself strong
enough to unite with Japan, if the exig
encies of the situation demand such ac
tion. The nation is tired of "harmonious
accord" that ls barren of result. ,' It is
useless to speculate upon how far Lord
Salisbury will be able to meet this popu
lar demonstration by means of the negoti
ations at present progressing, though
hypothesis regarding their outcome 'fills
countless columns in the British papers.
While the news from China continues
to -completely overshadow events in
South Africa, these have by no means
ceased to be worthy of record. When it
is understood that the last month's
casualties, from June 5 to July 5. amount
ed to over 3000, including 1200 deaths, it
will be realized thatthe latter chapters of
the war, though comparatively unherald
ed, have been terribly grim.
"When ls it going to end?" is the ques
tion heard on all sides. The measure of
organized Boer resistance is evidently.no
criterion of what the cost will be to Great
Britain in precious lives. Unless Lord
Roberts is planning some movement of
which the news!is carefully kept secret It
seems there is to be many weeks of
guerrilla lighting ahead of tho British
forces.
The political events of the week were
the defeat of the Government in the
House of Lords by its own supporters
over the proposition to appoint a com
mission to inquire into tho losses sus
tained by the Irish landlords. This, how
ever, is merely a repetition of what hap
pened last session and cannot be taken as
any sign of defection among the Conserv
ative Peers upon topics outside of the
Irish land question. The Liberals voted
with the Government, but Erlrfs repre
sentatives overwhelmed them.
ATTITUDE OF
ENGLAND TOWARD
CHINA CHANGED
Press and Public Now Clam
oring for a Terrible
Revenge.
~4
Prompt Action to Save Lives of Euro
peans Demanded Instead of
Prolonged Discussions
. of Spheres.
Copyrighted. 1900, by the Associated Pres«.
PARIS, July 7.— This week has been
most eventful and one of deep significance
to all observing Americans. Indications
have not been lacking during the past
year of*the anxiety of the French Gov
ernment and the French press to obliter
ate the unfriendly feeling > toward France
aroused in America by" the v alleged hostile
attitude of this country toward the United
States in the war with Spain and to en
deavor by every means in its power to re
establish Franco-A,merican relations on a
more friendly,- basis. These efforts have
been attended by a most / satisfactory
measure of success, and the participation
of the French Government in and the ex
ceptionally cordial tone of the French
press toward the Washington and Fourth
of July fetes have given an unmistakable
stamp to the direction of France's foreign
policy. American functionaries here, in
their contact with the official world, have
been brought to share in the conviction
that France is sincerely desirous of secur
ing the good will of America.
Archbishop Ireland, speaking on the
subject of the Washington and Lafayette
presentations, said:
"I can testify that they have had a re
markably good effect on the people of
France. They have opened their hearts
to us and they have found that the Amer
ican nation is a people of sentiment and
not merely a commercial people."
The action taken this week by M. Ger
ville-Reache, one of the representatives
in the Chamber of Deputies for Guada
loupe. Indicates that the good effect pro
duced among Frenchmen by the American
sympathy displayed at these fetes may
bring forth practical fruits.
He has published an article in the
Kclaire, an influential organ, suggesting
that the steps taken for the formation of
a society for the promotion of a Franco-
American alliance and proposing that ex-
Minister Leon Bourgeois De made presf
dent. Several informal meetings have
been held and a convention will be formed
shortly. The first public action will be
the convocation of a mass-meeting at the
end of autumn when society returns to
Paris from the country season. • ¦ ,
The feeling of French statesmen is not
very favorable to the idea of giving Japan
a mandate to quell the anarchy existing
in Northern China. There is not sufficient
confidence in the stability of Japan's civil
ization to entrust her with this mission,
and it is pointed out that anti-foreign
riots occasionally occur even in Japan.
Once installed at Peking, the Japanese
might be disposed to utilize their ad
vatapeous position to their own ends,
which may not be entirely consonant with
Western ideas.
Movement, Begun for the Formation
of a Society to Promote an
Alliance Between the/
Two Nations.
Eager to Make Amends, for
Her Attitude During
the Late Wan
FRANCE WANTS
THE GOOD WILL
OF AMERICANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 8, < 1900.
22
NEWS OF FOREIGN LANDS
BY CABLE TO
THE CALL.
Heretofore, we've talked "Sorosls" to
women who have been accustomed to pay
$5.00 and upwards for their shoes, endeavor-
ing to show them that such an expenditure Is
an unnecessary extravagance.
But to-day we want to say a word to the
women who think cheap shoes an economy —
those who pay but $2.00 and $2.50 for their
footwear.
> Which Is the cheapest In the end; one pair
of "Sorosls" at $3.50 or two pairs of machine
made shoes at $2.00? And yet the one pair
of ''Sorosls" will outwear any two pairs of
cheap shoes you may select ; and you've all
the. elegance and style and comfort of the
best shoe made, thrown In.
Price $ 3.50.
Forty styles of Oxfords and Shoes
In Patent Leather, Box Calf, Russia Calf and YIcI
Kid, either in black or tan, heavy or light soles.
Sizes 2 to 9, widths AAA to EE, at the
uniform
SORO8IS Shoes.
Concerning the Superior
Wearing Qualities of
Boys' school shoes, worth, $1 75,. for 75c.
a pair; assignee sale of shoes. 775 Market.*
The Purest
and Best
Articles known to medical science are
vised In preparing Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Kvcry ingredient is carefully selected, per-
sonally examined, and only the .best re-
tained. It is propare'd by a combination,
proportion an-3 process peculiar to 'itself
and known to no other medicine, and by
whloh the full medicinal power of all In-
prodients uped is retained. It cures when
a cure is possible. Get only Hood's, be-
cause
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the Best Medicine -Money Can-Buy. '- ¦
United St r ates ydeliVeryChargeS t0 V Part Of tho
SECOND SHOE STORE FROM MARKET,
SftN FRANCISCO.
5O THIRD STREET,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY J\T
Experience of Prominent Men
With Peruna. -^^^^^^k\
[ » Hi Bill | nuM I Wf. \^ J, BAN . j-uahcisCO, Ca!..
' / Cr **8"E 3£ A P5 m , h I [ r "^ The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. O. :
/ V J 6< T*"WnANAi II V Gentlemen-"It is with pleasure I give my hearty
/ > -_. . " H X, endorsement of Peruna.-It is the most successful rem-
L TPYAf V\ e dy i know of for catarrhal conditions of the stomach.
*V ¦ KaJ*Lt f \&» or Indeed any part of the system.
\*y*^ "As a tonic or invigorator for a worn-out
Congressman John L. Sheppard of Texas writes the follow-' SJtffciH it IS of Special merit, and OS a purely
'^^^^^^^n^^^Si&nF' COR - herbal remedy, can be taken with safety by
"I have used Peruna in my family and found it to young and old. I have never known it used
be a most excellent remedy for all catarrhal com- unless it afforded satisfactory relief or cure,
plain's." Respectfully yours, WILLIAM SHEW.
Mr. W. W. Strasler. 35 North Center am In perfect health and tip the beam at "^^"v^IJfneXecio^s 'vitality
street. Corry. Pa/, says: "I tried three . I ha ve re gejed %«« and do
physicians and spent a great deal of tfKJS^&^J&Ll*^ if m y statement a stimulant." A very mistaken idea. No
money, all to no effect. My friends said I g ff^e. "o whfch I StatSfnTlaFn doubt such a one IS In need of Invlsora-
could not get well. I had about given up term3 . yes and the half has never been tlon. recuperation, but not stimulants,
all earthly hopes. I weighed 130 pounds. I told.' » %^£%^Z^*^l^£e W £ C vl£?
accidentally saw the name Peruna I im- when . one ls tlred out , weak> nervous al^,*^n JnvTu tired he needs rest not
mediately commenced taking it and con- and despondent, Peruna is what is needed -^tJn Whm unJ w s enYrtrfes TbeS n
tinued taking it until I had taken twelve\ ln the Astern.. Peruna invigorates, recu- !S m fll a r nto v2u^«aflon not IrrttaUon S
bottles. I then weighed 180 pounds, and perates. builds up. vitalizes, enriches, re- *?*„,£' recu P eratlon - not irmauon. is
never felt better in my life. I am a walk- mforces. wa T nt ,?, a -* . ., _,
ing monument of the virtues of your Pe- Unlike bo fciany other remedies. Peruna
runa." Wnctori T 1VPC does not « ln «P ly Imitate and stimulate.
In a later letter he says: "I am a friend Wdbieu LdVtJb. Peruna Is an invigorator to nerve and
nt Peruna J should have said Peruna is a f - . blood. Send for a copy of Dr. Hartman'»
friend of my personal delight. I take great Some people use their energies in a way latest book on "Summer Catarrh." Ad-
nleasure in'telline the public the benefit I that wastes the greater part of them, dress The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus.
have received from the use of Peruna. I Hurry, worry, irritation, vexation, deter- Ohio.To-morrow I will begin the assignee sale
of shoes at ' 775 Market . street, near
Fourth. F. C. Kelly, assignee. •
Struck by a Street Roller.
"How is this, Jared? Your pocketbook
is perfectly flat!"
" Y-yes, Maria, thass right. You shee
I was sho unforchinlt as to rt-drop It In
front of a sh-shtreet roller!"— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
STOPPED A DEER,
And the Reckless Act Nearly Cost a
Lumberman His Life.
Antolne Parent, a French-Canadian
logger, is now in the Oldtown Hospital,
slowly recovering from the effect of try
ing to catch and hold a frightened buck
deer. He will get well, but it was a close
call for him. One day lately the boss of
the camp on Tomhegan Stream, where
Antolne was employed, caught sight of a
200-pound- buck in the edge of the clear
ing, and. grabbing his rifle, shot- the ani
mal in the leg.: The buck went down, but
was soon up and racing madly around the
clearing on three legs. ' The boss never
thought to shoot again, but. dropping his
rifle, yelled to the crew, who were eating
their dinner: "Stop heem! stopheem!"
•The tables were deserted . In an Instant
and all hand3 made a rush for the buck.
Many of Uhem managed to get a grab at
him,, but that was all— the. buck bowled
them over like ninepins and made for the
Washington Church Kodak Fiends.
"The story that a Washington woman
sent notices to the ministers of the capi
tal of th« opening of her summer home
with the request that they be read from
the pulpit, mny be a libel, although I have
benn told that it Is a fact," said a man
who has been in Washington for several
months, "but I'll tell you what I have
seen there — men and women carrying ko
daks into their pews on Sunday. No, not
to take a snapshot of the minister, but
the Wsxfhington kodak fiend stop? on his
v/ay to church to make shotft nnd after
the' service he lingers on his way home to
il.i likewise*. There is no other place in
Iho country where the kodak flpnd is so
insatiate as he is in the capital."
Suit on Letters Patent.
Robert S. Moore filed a suit in the United
in the United States Circuit Court yester
day against William' Schaw, William In
gram J. H. Batcher and Adolph and
Louise Heilbron asking for an injunction
to restrain them from Infringing on his
patent for a 'holding device for riveters"
and for damages In the dlscretlqn of the
court.
longshoremen Elect Officers.
The Longshoremen's Protective Associa
tion has elected the following named of
ficers:
President H. J. Jackson: vice president. A.
E Sater- treasurer, "William Hagen; recording
secretary K. Bereandahl; financial secretary,
G. M Sloan; trustees, J. J. Hurley. J. Shields,
E. O'Connor, R. O'Nell, J. Ashman: sergeant
at-arms C. R. Ooodrldge; ' patrolman,- J. J.
Ferris. . ' ¦ V.-"- ,'
Four Generations Fought.
"I don't know of any better illustration
of the way the Boer families have gone
into the field." said one of the officers of
the transport Milwaukee, "than the fact
that we had four generations in a single
group among the prisoners we took with
c'ronie to St. Helena.
C ™" J was a remarkable party and con
sisted of great-grandfather, •grandfather,,
father and son. -The boy was about IS.
his father was 40 or thereabout; the.
grandfather was a man of toO. ami the old
patriarch of the lot was nearly SO. The>
had all been under arms in Cronje-s aager
when it made its last stand, lighting in
different- trenches, and after the surrender
thev naturally drifted together. 1 hey ex
cited my interest and I talked with them
on several occasions during the voyage.
It seemed that they had been living on
one of the ereat cattle ranches of the
northern veldt, forming one big household
with their women folk, and knew nothing
of the war until the order came to turn
out for active service. Of course, they
belonged to the local 'commando, or
militia department, for that section, but it
was not a regularly disciplined .organiza
tion and they had never even drilled to
gether. When the call came the father
and son responded first and joined
Cronje's army. Later on there was an
other requisition for troops and the grand
father shouldered his rifle and hurried to
the front. About the time Cronje started
on his last retreat the old great-grand
father got uneasy and set out to see how
'his boys. 1 as he called them, were get
ting alone. He arrived Just before the
final stand, and, once inside the laager, he
couldn't get out; so he took a gun from a
dead man and went to fighting along with
the rest of the family.
"The f<»«r Boers struck me as good,
honest, simple-minded men. They had
no Idea whatever of the causes of the
war, the principles involved or the relative
strength of the two sides. AH they knew
was that the 'rooineks' were trying to in
vade the republic and that Com Paul had
called on them to come out and fight. The
whole crowd were fatalists of the deepest
dye. They were prisoners of war on a
strange ship. Bailing away to a part of
the world as unknown to them as the
mountains of tha moon, but they accepted
the situation as stoically as so many
Turks. I asked the grandfather how he
thought it would all end. 'God knows, 1 he
replied calmly. 'But don't vou expect to
get back to your home and family again?'
I inquired. 'God knows,' he replied and
went on smoking his pipe.— New Orleans
Times-Democrat.
COAL CONTRACTS AWARDED.
Meeting of the Prison l>irectors at
I San Quentin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN, July 7.— Tha State
Board of Prison Directors met here to
day. The principal business transacted
at the meeting was the awarding of the
coal contracts. C. R. Allen was given
the contract for furnishing the prison
with steam coal. For white ash house
coal the contract was given to J. 'C. Wil
son, who also received the contracts for
furnishing Cumberland coal and coke.
"Warden Agulrre presented his report to
the directors. It contained a statement of
all the details of the Jute mill. There are
at present at the prison 6GO.0OO jute bags
ready for delivery. There are also 5S35
bales of raw jute on hand, or enough to
run the mill until the middle of next
March. The mill, though shorthanded, is
now turning out 15,500 bags daily, or over
a thousand more than the previous out
put. • '
L. Wadham submitted his report of his
examination of the prison accounts, In
which he found everything correct. At
the conclusion "of to-day's session the
board adjourned to meet at Folsom Prison
next Saturday night.
CAPTAIN HUSTON DEAD.
Volunteer Officer a Victim of Typhoid
Fever at Manila,
WASHINGTON. July 7.— The War De
partment has received the following ca
blegram from General MacArthur at Ma
" "Captain Robert M. Huston, Forty-sev
enth United States Volunteer Infantry,
died of typhoid fever at Manila, on the
afternoon of July 6.".
Captain Huston was born at Hamilton,
Ohio, July 25, 1864, and when appointed to
the volunteer army was a resident of
Guthrle, O. T.
Seven Bodies Recovered.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Seven bodies of
the victims of the Hoboken fire of last
Saturday were recovered to-day from the
steamship Saale. This makes the number
of bodies recovered 143 and over 140 per
sons are reported missing.
Melons Prom Fresno. •
FRESNO, July 7.— The first carload of
melons was sent by the Fresno combine
to Seattle yesterday. The melons aver
aged sixteen pounds. Two cars were
sent to-day and eight will go out Mon
day to various points.
Their Love for Their Calves Shown
SOJME INSTINCTS OF COWS.
in Curious Ways.
Cattle are not merely gregarious — they
have an instinct of neighborliness and
comradeship almost human. Further,
mother-love among them persists long
alter the period of helplessness of the
calves. A cow knows her calves, licks
them and moos to them when they are
lull grown, with calves of their own. She
lows lamentation it they are ¦ sent to a
separate pasture, and recognizes them
alter six months or even a year of sepa
ration; this, of course on the commons,
where normal instincts persist and even
strengthen. Stall feeding does not de
velop neart or mind in cattle any more
than in human beings.
Once at least tins continuing mother
love prevented bad blood between neigh
bors, with a possible suit at law. , Two
cows upon adjoining farms dropped with
in the same week calves so nearly alike
It would have puzled that traditionally
wise person, a .Philadelphia lawyer, to
know one from the other. They were
heifer calves, dun, with a white spot in
the forehead and the barest tip of white
in the tails. Dun was a rare color upon
the rang-e round about, so both the young
sters were looked at with interest. They
were weaned in the fall and turned out
next spring to lind their own living in the
natural b:ue grass meadows about the
creeks. .Food was abundant: the creeks
had also many windings, with here and
there in secluded places remnant fringes
of cane. The dun heifers throve so linely
and fell so in love with freedom that
they did not come home in the fall, as did
other well-conducted young cattle. Just
what they did do, indeed, was never
known. The spring when they were 2
years old one owner went looking for his
property and discovered a line, saucy
young cow, with a pretty frisky call at
loot, grazing happily ten miles away.
Neitner ytarlhig liad been marked be
fore turning ouu So the finder was
quite' justified In assuming that he had
lound his own and taking her home re
joicing. There his neighbor at once
claimed her, saying he knew her by a
peculiar indentation in the white star.
As the other dun was still missing there
wa3 room* for a very pretty quarrel, un
til it was agreed to let the old cows de
cide it. The three were turned together
in a pasture. At first both the old cows
looked askance at the young one, and
after a little made a rush at her as if
to bear her to her knees. But as they
got within three yards of the youngster,
who stood tossing her horns defiantly, tha
claimant's cow half wheeled, butted the
other in the flank, sent her reeling, sniffed
gently at the stray, then began to lick
her on the neck and brisket, just as she
licked her own new calf. The demonstra
tion was conclusive — the men shook
hands on it. and the stray dun went home
with her mother.
Whether from instinct or calculation,
cattle have a curiously accurate sense of
time. If they are salted every other
morning at a certain spot, they will be
prompt almost to the minute, though they
may not come near the place between
times. Dairy maids whose milkers run
out give them "a lick of salt" or meal,
as they say "to ha'nt 'em home." Hence
no doubt comes the cant rural proverb,
expressing mulish obstinacy: "I wouldn't
do it for a lick of salt."
Buck and Brandy were brindled oxen, a
yoke of renown throughout the country
fide. They had horns a yard from tip to
tip. intelligent, black-nosed, white-starred
faces, and beautiful bushy tails. Broken
together at a year old, they worked and
played and grazed side by side until they
were rising seven. Then Brandy, falling
lame, was turned out for a long rest, hla
o^-ner thinking to fatten and sell him in
the fall. Buck at once quit work. Yoked
to cart or plow, or ox-wagon, he simply
lay down. The goad could not move him.
As soon as he was free, though he had
never in his life tried, to jump a fence
or throw one down, he straightway made
a breach somewhere and went through It
to his comrade. As a result his owner
sold two stall fed oxen in place of one. In
death, as in life, the two were not di
vided.
The prodigal calf gets a rough reception
upon his home coming. The herd looks
him over at long range, bellows defiance
and scorn of him, then keeps on with its
own affairs. If the prodigal hangs mod
estly back, feeding upon the outskirts for
a day, or maybe a week, never obtrud
ing himself, and running from each low
ered head or brandished horn, he may in
the end be grudgingly accepted. But if
he comes boldly in, crowding for salt,
snatching at forage, answering bellows
with a low, disdainful moo, he must con
quer a peace or ffo to tho wall. At first
the herd leader rushes at him, but does
not gore him. If the stray stands up
stoutly, or (fives the leader a fair re-
Fistance, he may win out right there.
But If he is badly worsted, yet lacks the
sense to profit by defeat, and keep in
Arkansas Republicans.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. July 7.— The Re
publican State Convention to-day nomi
nated Hon. Herman L. Remmell of Ar
kansas for Governor and decided to leave
the remainder of the State ticket blank.
The platform, after indorsing the plat
form nominees of the Republican conven
tion, favors the consolidation of State
and national elections and compulsory ar
bitration for settlement of strikes.
The Same Trouble for Two.
"The trouble with that singer." Mr.
Letrgoe said, grabbing h!s hat aa the first
net ot the opera came to an end. "is her
loud gasping. She doesn't know how to
manage her breath."
"You don't know how to manas? ynur<*.
either ." his wife remarked otter he had
come La k and taken his seat a^ain.—
Cmca&o Tribune.
"So sudden, Mr. Spoonamore!" scream
ed the parrot, whose cage hung overhead.
—Chicago Tribune.
Thp old friend of the family waa looking
through the photograph album, while the
eldest daughter, according to the time*
honored custom, stood at his side' ana
gave names as to the various pictures
"This," she said, "is ."
Familiar Words.
Heavy-weight's Subscription.
"Mr. Heavyweight," said the minister,
"Is willing to subscribe ten thousand dol
lars for a new church provided we can get
other subscriptions making up the same
amount."
"Yet you seem disappointed," said his
wife.
"Yes. I was in hopes ho would con
tribute a hundred dollars in cash." —
Brooklyn Life.
&he &ay 9 s &ead
W. W. Kennedy.
NAPA, July 7.— W. W. Kennedy, a na
tive of Indiana, aged 67 years, died this
morning. He emigrated to California in
1849. He crossed the plains by the Fort
Hall route, entering the State through
Lassen Cut-off. For six years he mined
at Spanish Ravine. El Dorado County,
settling in Napa In 1S57. He served in the
Thirty-fifth Missouri Infantry, going East
for that purpose, and was discharged on
account of wounds, returning to Califor
nia, where he spent the remainder of his
life.
Judge John A. Williams.
LITTLE ROCK. July 7.— Hon. John A.
"Williams, Judge of the United States Dis
trict Court, Eastern District of Arkansas,
died to-day in Manitou Springs, Colo., of
apoplexy. He was appointed to the Fed
eral bench by President Harrison in 1S90.
Dr. Falk.
HAMM, Westphalia. July 7.-Dr. Falk,
who was Minister of Publlo "Worship dur
ing the Kulturkanpf period, is dead. He
was born in 1827.
place, next time t.here will be a combined
rush that wiil leave him with whole bone.-»,
it is true, but a badly scratched coat and
sore all over from the pummeling horns.
Atavism perhaps explains why cattle go
mad at the smell of blood— especially tne
blood y£*their own spe.cies. Even a fresh
hide trailed across their feeding ground
mav make them dangerous. With lowered
hea'ds, tails stiilly extended, bellowing,
not loudly, but with a deep, menacing,
growling note, they charge compactly
upon almfcst any moving thing in sight,
particularly a human being on foot. It
is a charge not easily stayed, but readily
evaded— it is hard for- a herd to check
itself, and harder still to turn square.
Circling, is however, another matter, so
if attacked it is the part of wisdom to
keep directly in front until the charge <s
almost upon you, then run out of the way
at a right angle.
Cattle are great pathmakers. For the
most part they go straight almost as the
crow flies, and always in Indian file, one
right on the heels of another. In every
pasture there is a leader, who chooses the
way. Commonly the leader is- the bell
cow, but if the bell bearer grows old and
weak she may be disregarded. Another
instinct, no doubt going back to the days
of wolf and bear ravages, is that which
makes them go to the same place to sleep
and choose that place on the highest
available ground. A new herd put into a
pasture will sleep in the old place. The
going to it is generally about dusk, except
in the height of summer and flytime.
when cattle graze all night and spend the
days in water or the thickets. Commonlj
the feoing is a slow, stately march, but
now and again the bell cow Wks cause
lessly into a furious run and the rest go
tumbling at her heels. Negroes say then:
"O Sis Bell Cow. she done seen er g |hos .
They add that next morning's milk -will
bo scant and lack cream-and oftener
than not results In the dairy bear out
the saving. The blacks. Indeed, believe
firmly that both cattle and horses can see
things invisible to mortal eyes.
A curious bit of adaptation to circum
stances may be seen in summer among
the cattle of the swamp lands along the
&sbuEip!i From July to mid-September
blood-sucking insects-mosquitoes, flies
gnats and so on-are so bad there cattle
are sometimes in danger of. their lives.
So are people, unless they make smudges
—that is to say. tires so thickly smoth
ered they fill the air with clouds of smoke
and thus drive away. the pests. 1 he i cat
tle soon learn the use and value of the
smudges. ¦-
woods. Only Antoine Parent barred the
way. "Catch heem!" yelled tho boss, and
Antoine. spreading out his arms, answered
back confidently: "Yaas, I catch heem!"
There was a tackle that beat anything
in football history, and down went An
tolne and the buck, with the buck on
top. The deer kicked like twenty thresh
ing machines and dug his horns into An
toine's back. Ine woodsman would "have
been killed but for the quick arrival of tho
men from the camp. They made short
work pf the deer and sent Antolne to
Greenville, where a doctor patched him
up* The deer's horns had made a hole
nearly through his body, but the French-
Canadians are tough, and/po Antolne will
live to chop more logs: — Bangor (Me.)
correspondence New York Sun.
GIRL'S LONG WAIT
Marriage License.
For a Young Man Who Went for a
A young couple from the country came
to town for the purpose of procuring a
marriage license. While the prospective
groom went fc,r a license he left the in
tended bride in a buggy on the market
square. At the Clerk's office he was told
that he would have to procure some one
to make oath that the young lady was of
age. Hour after hour passed while the
young man scoured tho town for a friend.
In the meantime people began wondering
why the young lady kept up her vigil In
the buggy. Finally, after a wait of six
hours, she was rewarded by the sight or
her lover, who had enlisted the good of
fices of some one in attesting to the
bride's age and carried with him the mar
riage license. They drove home late in
the afternoon, tired and embarrassed, but
happy. The couple were Grlflln Racy ana
Miss Annie Henson." of near Mlddletown.
They drove to Stephens City, where
they made Inquiry for a minister. Pass
ers-by directed them to Rev J. C.
Thrasher. The couple refused to leave the
buggy, stating that they preferred to be
married in the street. About dark, and
currounded by the crowd which had gath
ered, the knot was tied by the minister
from the sidewalk.— Winchester, Va., spe
cial to Baltimore Sun.
BRYAN — I wonder if that will prove a fizzler like the other?
* — Plttsburg Press.
KANSAS CITT. July 7.— The Silver Re
publican party to-day, by its executive
committee. i5Fued the following address:
To the Silver Republicans of the
United States: The Democratic National
Committee of 1900 has nominated William
J. Bryan for President and Adlai E. Stev
escoa for Vice President. The Silver Re
publican National Convention of 1900 has
nominated William J. Bryan for Presi
dent anti referred the matter of a cajidi
clate ior Vice President to its National
Committee with power to act. Your com
mittee had carefully considered the whole
matter. It met in conference with repre
sentatives of the Democratic and of the
people's party .National committees and
ui'iu over the" ground fully.
'¦Yeur committee found Itself face to
face with these facts: In liitS thousands
of voters who had heretofore voted the
Kepublican ticket found themselves so
videly-at variance with their parly's plat
form that they could not. without self-
Btultific&tlon, lur.gtr act with tlie Kepub
licoa party. In thr.t y>ar they found in
Um L» t rno<-riitic candidate lor President
ei-j in the platform uix»n which he stood
a compute and sufficient Justllication for
giving him their hearty support. With
tini they went down to defeat, but in that
tiefeat won a. victory for manhood and
patriotic independence. I for which they
r.ave ho apology to offer and in which
tliey feel a just pride. They retain and
preserve the right to vote as their judg
ment dictates. They bow to no party
bos=t and have not abdicated their right
to think.
In LStf the Republican party made a
prufour.d departure Jrom the traditions,
and interests of the American people and
of that party by rejecting the free coin
age of silver aior.g w;ih gold and placing
Itself in a position to adopt the gold
standard. This year it has declared itself
unreservedly for the pold standard. This
continues the controversy of lh*}. But in
addition to its departure from the advo
cacy of bimetallism it lias now still more
profoundly departed from the traditions
«ij)d interests of the American peoj»le by
becoming the apologist for and the cham
pion of iruEts and monopolies and has in
troduced euch imperialistic practices and
theories into the administration of af
fairs of government that for the first
time in the history of that party its na
tional convention could not even, refer to
the Declaration of InJepender.ee and this,
although its convention of 19W met in such.
6. place and within such an environment
that the great declaration would have
peculiarly api>ealed lo the party had it
Rtill listened to the voice that, in that
earlier and better day. pleaded for a gov
ernment "of the people, for the' people
and by the people." Jn the face of such
profound departures from the traditions
tind interests of the American people we
cartnot return to the Republican party.
On the oth'-r hand we lind the Dem
ocratic party has again placed itself right
on the money question, right on the ques
tion of trusts and monoplies, right as the
champion of the Declaration of Indepen
dence and of constitutional government,
right in expressing its sympathy for other
nations, who only ask "that which you
would that others should do unto you, do
even so unto them.
The Democratic candidate for President
Is curs; our convention named him. Up
on the fundamental propositions above
tlated. we are one with the Democratic
end th«? People's" party. Our common can
didate for President is enlisted, heart and
soul, in this preat cause. We know he has
the high courage of his convictions. His
triumph is necessary', if we are To hand
<1-.v-n to our children and our children's
children, n government founded in the wis
dora of the fathers, maintained by the
t>Iood nnd treasure of its citizens and per
petuat^d as a priceless heritage.
Impelled by these considerations, your
KANSAS CITT. July 7.— The 'Demo
cratic national committee resumed Its ses
cicr.s to-day at the Kansas City Club.-
Representatives of the Populists and Sil
•ver Republicans attended the meeting.
Nearly every State in which the Populist
end Silver Republican strength is neces
tary to carry the State for the Democracy
eras pledged to Bryan and Stevenson. The
exceptions were Nebraska, Kansas and
South Dakota, representatives of these
States saying they thought it extremely
doubtful whether they could be carried
for Bryan unless a Populist should re
main in the l..eiti_ At the sarr.e time they
claimed they did not care to sacrifice Mr.
Tcwne and force him to become a Wat
ton, even on a smaller scale. Stress was
laid upon the danger of losing four Sen
ators in these three States. The Silver
Kepublica'is t:iid there would be no doubt
about carrying the mountain States, but
they had little hope of the Pacilic Coast.
Tne matter of running a third ticket
¦will be determined after a conference of
the leaders at Lincoln, aa it is understood
that they will meet Mr. Bryan there on
Monday.
Acting Chairman Edmiston. General
James li. Weaver and Thomas Patterson
spoke for the Populists, while Chairrr.an
'iillotson.. tx-Senator Dubois and Repre
sentative Shafroth spoke for the Silver
Kepuljlicans. All of the Silver Kepubll
car.s pledged their hearty support to the
Bryan and Stevenson ticket. The Popu
lists said they were earnestly in favor of
the election cf Bryan but pointed out the
difficulty of indorsing- this ticket by the
Populist coramltte'e without being placed
in the position of dictators of the part;-,
something that the Populists of Nebraska
and South Dakota would not stand.
SILVER REPUBLICANS
ISSUE A MANIFESTO
The Silver .Republicans presented the
names of Chairman TiUotson, Senator
Teller ar.d ex-Senator Dubois for repre
sentation on the Democratic executive
committee. The Populists did not present
<isy r.aroes for this committee, saying
that until they could confer with the
leaders in the various States they would
take no action. "
It was determined that addresses in the
Interest of the Bryan and Stevenson
ticket «hould be issued very soon by the
Democratic and Silver Republican parties,
to b<? followed later by an address frcm
the Populist party when it was ready to
act. Chairman Jones said that everything
ms working toward harmonious action
by all of the reform forces, and the indi
cations were that all parties would be
pulling together for the Bryan and Stev
enson ticket. The committee at 12:20 p.
m. adjourned sine die.
national committee has determined that
its duty in this hour is to indorse Hon.
Adlai K. Stevenson as our candidate for
the Vice Presidency, in order that the op
position to the gold standard, trusts, im
perialism and all its attendant evils, may
concentrate its vote at the danger point
and accomplish the triumph of those prin
ciples so dear to us. It is but simple
justice to Fay that in taking the action in
dicated we are following the advice of
our distinguished leader, Hon. Charles A.
Towne.
Let us express the hope that our friends
will lay aside whatever of disappointment
they may feel and join in a united effort
to secure the triumph of our principles at
the coming election.
D. C. TILLOTSON, Kansas.
Chairman National Committee.
E. S. CORSER. Minnesota.
Secretary and Treasurer.
FRED T. Dl'BOIS Idaho.
Chairman Executive Committee,
JOHN F. STI A FROTH, Colorado,
S. W. BROWN. Ohio.
D. FRANK POWKLL. Wisconsin,
NATHAN COT.E Jr.. California.
Executive Committee.
INCOME TAX OMITTED
FROM THE PLATFORM
KANSAS CITT, July 7.— The Income tax
was left out of the platform as adopted
by the convention and the attention of the
Democratic leaders was called to it early
Friday. Senator Jones, chairman of
the committee on resolutions, intended to
make a motion to have the income tax
provision inserted. He did not make the
motion, however, and it is not includpd in
the platform. It wa; stated to-night that
the reaffirmation of the principles of the
Chicago platform included the Income tax
provision.
STEVENSON'S SON
HEARS THE NEWS
LOS AN'GELES, July 7.— T.ouls G. Ste
venson, son of Adlai Stevenson, nomi
nated at Kansas City yesterday by the
Democrats for Vfce Pre?Ment, is in this
city. He is naturally elated over his
father's nomination, and pays that he
thinks his name on the ticket with Bryan
will have a conciliatory rffect in quarters
where Democratic factionalism might ba
encountered.
Hanna to Tarry in New Jersey.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Tlie Evening Post
Fays: Senator Hanna has arranged to
come to ElbTon. X. J., on July 20 and
take possession of in 5 Elboron Cottage of
New Jersey Republican State Chairman
Frank Murphy, who is now in Paris as
Exposition Commissioner. Senator Hanna
will occupy the cottage until September
l and direct the summer campaign from
Elberon. making frequent trips to this
city. Philadelphia and other Eastern
cities.
• LINCOLN. Neb., July 7.— The Question
whether W. J. Bryan is to' have one or
two running mates is expected to be set
tled at a conference that will be held at
his home to-morrow with Charles A.
Towne and other Democratic and Populist
leaders.
Charles A. Towne, George Fred Wil
liams. Joseph Daniels of North Carolina
and Willis J. Abbott • reached Lincoln
about midnight. Mr. Bryan met them at
the train, but remained with them only
while being driven to their hotel. Mr.
Towne declined to be interviewed plead
ing weariness, and retired Immediately.
Whether Mr. Towne will remain until
Tuesday, when the Vice Presidential can
didate and Chairman Jones are to be here.
Is not known, but the presumption is tna:.
he will. Senator Blackburn is expected
that day to take part in the Democratic
ratification.
On the day following the three fusion
parties In Nebraska hold their State nom
inating* conventions and the Democratic
leaders will be urged to remain and ad
dress the delegates.
Mr. Bryan was very much provoked to
read to-day a fictitious interview with his
15 year old daughter. Ruth, who was at
tendin? the convention at Kansas City.
The purported interview is a lengthy one
and covers personal and public questions.
Mr. Bryan said that occasionally he was
misrepresented himself, as other public
men are, but he thought the children
ought to be spared. The interview, Mr.
Bryan said, was entirely without founda
tion.
Congressman Sulzer was one of to
night's arrivals from Kansas City. He
called on Mr. Bryan.
Montanans Visit Bryan.
The tide of Democrats has turned from
Kansas City to Lincoln and Mr. Bryan
expects many visitors during the next
few days. The influx began early to-day
when the Montana delegates stopped be
tween trains and -proceeded In a body to
the Bryan home, accompanied by a band.
Mr. Bryan was aroused and made a
speech in which he said he was greatly
fatigued from loss of sleep during the
session of the convention, as he ha-1
spent the greater part of the nights read
ing bulletins from the convention and had
remained up all night during the discus
sion over the platform. He apologized
for not having been at the depot to meet
the delegation, but he had supposed that
after the sessions of the convention that
the delegates would be just as tired as
he. Mr. Bryan asked for Senator Clark,
but was told that the Senator was not In
the party.
Following the Montana delegation there
was a steady procession to the homo of
Bryan. The greatest demonstration of
the day occurred this afternoon at 3
o'clock, when the Nebraska Traveling
Men's Bryan Club, which had Just return
ed from Kansas City, called on the can
didate. Mr. Bryan met It on the front
porch. H. B. Thompson, president of the
Club, read the following aidress:
Mr Bryan, Our Friend and Neighbor: We
hav»" just returned home from the National
Democratic Convention. Our party, constst
lmj of the Traveling Men's Club, the Bryan
Home Guards, Continental Guards and Hage
now's Band, desire to congratulate you upon
your nomination by the great united Democ-
b y of° tne 't^ t *&%S$J& t MS P y^
stand on Is all right; your running-mate Is
Kentucky born. He Is a smooth rider and he
is ill rlsht and you are all right. We take the
opportunity to assure you that you will find
us all In the front rank of the fight from this
dav until the close of the polls next November
Btandlng for you and Nebraska, and our reward
win come on the fourth day of March at your
inauguration at Washington, when we will
march down Pennsylvania avenue, headed by
Ha;enoW5 Band. ¦
Mr.- Bryan was cheered as he began and
concluded his response. He said In part:
I am Klad to see you In such good spirits for
Besponse of the Nominee.
the flght which Is ahead. I am proud of yoa
and I am proud of the Nebraska people and I
am glad you went to Kansa* City, where others
might meet representative men and women of
our State. I congratulate the State as well aa
myself on the delegation of fifteen that went
to Kan?as City to represent us In the National
Democratic Convention. Ycu itmd as an ex
ample before the others. I have grown some
what tired of serving as a sample for so long.
I want to assure you that should the Demo
cratic candidate be th? one to be Jnausurat-»d
next March I shall refuse to allow the taauitu
ratton to proceed unless Hagenow's Band Is
there. I want to assure you that I would
rather have you. In your plain clothes, offi
ciate In my Inauguration than to have uni
formed soldiers. Not butthat a certain number
of soldiers are rlscht In their place, but the
resource of this nation Is her men who are will-
In? to work and fight between times.
No party ever adopted a platform better than
that adopted at Kansas City. It Is plain and
explicit on every subject. I have been In
formed by several gentlemen that th« conven
tion was just like an old-fa.«hloned Methodist
camp-m?etln?. I believe, however, there wera
a few distln*uish!fi< characteristics, such as
the manifestation of enthusiasm by a Cakewalk
or a tlance.
Four years ago there were those who went
out from the convention to work against the
ticket, and this year the hall had to be en
la ryed to admit these who wanted to coma
back. All of this Indicates gocd for the party.
I wish to tell you that I expect Mr. Steven
son on Monday or Tuesday, and I want you
to meet him.
The meeting at Kansas CJty was full of en
thusiasm that means eood for th« party, and
you all reflected credit on the people whom you
represented. In this campaign we have an
Issue, the principles of which lie at the basis
of our Government. Th-? flsht this 'year will
be to carry out the sentiment of that son« you
have often repeated. "My Country. 'Tls of
Thee." If we lose, our chtMren and our chil
dren's children will not succeed to the spirit
of that song; celebrations of the Fourth of
July will pa?s away, lor the spirit of empire
wil^ be u?on us.
t The Traveling: Men's Club was the last
visiting delegation of the day, the other
callers being Nebraska men of promlnenca
only in the State.
POPULISTS MAY KEEP
THEIR TICKET INTACT
Regard the CandidacQ of Towne as Es
sential to Success In Several
Middle Western States.
Nebraska Traveling Men's Club Con
gratulates the Nominee and His
Thanks Are Returned in a Speech,
BRYAN'S LINCOLN HOME
BESIEGED BY VISITORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 8, 1900.
Last Notice.
23
ADVEBTISEME2JTS.
THE RENOVA/NED
Hungarian Specialist,
Dr.E, 8, StanbrougEi
I>at<; cf Moscow University, Russia,
Specialist cf Helmintlio'.ogf, Tape Worms
and All Kinds of Parasites of the Body.
The doctor, with thirty-five years of ex-
T-cT\er\re an<3 travel ox-er the whole civ-
ilized v.or!<5. h3s proven the value of his
Fysjernritie treatment of all Chronic Dis-
eases. catarrh, nil Wood and ekin dls-
rascs, pimples, aemcy of the face, rheu-
tr.ntiFm. rhronlc and acute; lumbago, nfu-
rn!£in. Insomnia, dyspepsia, chronic con-
etipation, *>pilrptic fits and all nervous
diseases, f-uch as lost manhood, heart
tr"-.u!jl«\ ovarian and all uterine disorders.
Tape worms expelled in from thirty min-
utes to two hours; one dose of medicine
only and no starving.
I respectfully call your attention to my
tr.fdlrinf. which is composed of herbs,
wholly inofTer.5ive ami all made by my-
•elf. Consultation free. Office hours— S a.
tn. to 12 m. : 2 10 6 p. m.
In order to demonstrate my ability to
hxre thp pufferlnpr I will offer MY SER-
VICES FREE OF CHARGE for the next
four day«. commencing July 9. Call and
•ee the doctor.
8OO ELLIS STREET,
K - i__^^ . s — |" ; BaTg , QdrHtt , **w
Colored Percale Sbiris J& -*•* a g «^| | B J^ . ,~^ and M
fronts; cuffs to match; M ' - * v.
all sizes; a 75c line; a ** trade-sale snap y
trade-sale snap . each 20c $
I Our Annual Midsummer Trade Sale begins to-mowovv..- Immsnse reductions will be fe
& made in all departments. It will be a carnival of buying opportunities no one can 5g
| afford to miss. Order by mail if out of town. Watch the windows if in San Frandsco. K
i _^ Percale shirts Rumchunda Ties /^ /^k =sg^ 1
% (~ttt tfs/ , \ T j j 11 i a u n A v A swell tie for ladies' and f
£ l^> \Z4 //r Laundered ' a11 colorcd body gentlemen's summer wear; yJ I %
V yytem?i*3*& / '- or wI " te b°d y w * th colored heavy India silk in Persian j^rjl Sf %
4 S^V&*^\-" front; stripes predominate patterns and wide flowing ,a U^wWV i -A
6 mm&^K P inks - bluc s- lavenders, etc.; a ends; in a large assortment of AOSS& \ \
I Ite^Z^KJI Str ° nS C r 25c each. \M^^Mdl I
1 vTen^vercoats 6 ° C eaCh ' Regular 50c Neckwear v |
£ men 5» UVeaUdlb. B ; K assortments of Tecks, Impcriale Four-in- |
g Tan coverts and blue and black kerseys; excellent Hands of the. very newest designs; these have been c
•S coats, well made of good material; perfect fit; re- O ne of the most popular 50c lines we have ever car- §S
j- maining sizes will be closed out during *>c •^e- ried; all patterns, iight and dark shades. qqj
f trade sale at q>U.^J tQ be soM dur j ng tra(Je sa i e at ..... OO3C |£
f Men's suite 50c Suspenders |
SJ Of serges, cheviots and tweeds; round cut or With silk or leather ends; most durable suspend- k
% double breasted sacks; good • suits for business ers for the price we have ever known; the popular |
u wear; serviceable and cut to a perfect fit; remaining cast-off clasp; good web and well made, of good Jfg
7 lots will be closed out during trade sale C C A e material; sold as a leader dunng trade sale at. each jfe
X at..... each$O.*I-3 35c g
« MEN'S STRIPED WORSTED PANTS— During Our 2 5c Band Bows,. Tecks, Four-in-Hands. during
£; trade sale each $1.35 trade sale : eac h "i^c g
h MEN'S RIBBED WORSTED PANTS— During CLUB TIES FOR SUMMER— Washable; during g
2 trade sale '. rach ? M 5 D nw v^r'iiivTC dozen 25c |
Z /¦¦"¦¦¦—" y MEN'S 15c colored border BO^S *^>»EE PANTS— p < v |
x- ('/f?h-z:tii>4iUUi£& rL v linen lawn Handkerchiefs.. Good , ' or school; heavy Ng* /&&>*>. /p-Zk %
/| PS U," Jgag^L' " j*IV S 1-3C worsted; trade sale price §-*
i El' E^4*M- PUFFS AND ASCOTS - ROYS' GOLF SHIRTS- SWtPBfif- \ %
>i Wa kWJ//: !£*i -* USt the th ' nff f ° r summer: Heavy percale; fast colors; Z /0A%'ffL^!^> X
f4. \££4 f YW//^" £^*Y washable; a big assortment one pair cuffs and two col- f8?0?n*M&&^^^\ S
M for ladies or men: 25C value; Kne^durin^trade %'
— 'i "~' L> "' ~"^ 5c each' 65c each. ~ " : — j^/j
|^§ . A.^JV PRA.G&R .Sc" 3ONS |PETRIFIED .UMAN BODY.
E^niarkablf Discovery Made by Two
Miners lu Nevada.
RENO. Xev., July ".— A couple of min
ers while prospecting about thirty miles
north of Iter.o yesterday came upon the
body of a petrified man imbedded in
thrf-*- and ;» half IV-et of porphory.
The f>aturps are nearly as perfect as in
life. It was found lying on its side with
logs drawn up.
It la a wonderful specimen of.petrlfica
tinn and is exciting much interest in
I.i-no. •
New Mining" Company.
Fl»>(-!al r>iFr«tch to The Call
MONTEREY, July 7.-A new mining
company is about to be incorporated in
this city, it if stated, with Jesse L. Bird.
)),- }' » At « I ?? a ? l Monterey. Christopher
Bird. A. Main of San Francisco. Gillman
of Santa Margarita and Jesse E. Pilcher
91 Marion, Ind., as the principal stock-
Recital at Pacific Grove.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PACIFIC GROVE, July 7.-Mles Minnie
Alice Tuck, Mus. B.. . gave a pianoforte
recital In Assembly Hall in this city last
night which was one .of the most notable
musical events of the present season. Miss
Tuck performed the greater portion of
wf PI°K ramm e herself, and her work
elicited marked applause from her large
audience. James Hamilton Howe, Mus.
B., director of the Summer School of-Mu
sic: Mrs. Ja- es Hamilton Howe and Miss
Florey, vocalistes,. and Miss Ella Tuck
planiste, assisted in the rendition of the
programme.
Dr. Kinyoun Indorsed.
LOS /ANGELES/ July J.-At the regular
meeting of the Los Angeles County Medi
cal Association a resolution was unani
mously adopted indorsing the efficiency
of the quarantine officer of San Francisco.
?«i in J 'JT 1 ' and expresslnR confi
dence in his Judgment and conduct during
the recent bubonic plague scare. A copy of
the resolution was forwarded to Dr Kin-
To Test Election Law.
TUBA CITY, July 7.-Suit has been com.
menced in the Superior Court here to test
the election law relative to a person's vot
ing at a school election when not on the
new register forty days prior thereto. T
J. Mulvany brings suit to ou.«t PDescher
who ; was - elected School Trustee in' the
The -se will be he^
Strike Still On.
Special Dispatch to The Ca!
KESWIOK, July 7.— The strike of the
molders in the foundry of the Mountain
Copper'Company Is still on. The company
refuses to meet the demand for a raise
from $3 50 to $4 per day, and the dozen
skilled workmen who left their places de
cline to go back to work. A taking up of
the molders' cause by other workmen at
the smelter is not now feared. The strike
has at no time been disorderly or more
than a mere suspension of work. The
company will not be inconvenienced for
the present by the cessation of work in
the foundry- The places of the men who
walked out can be filled, and this will
probably be done.
Held for Murder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 7.— Tom WinBh!p. who
on the morning of June 4 shot and killed
Frank Narvaez in a restaurant quarrel ln
this city, was to-day held to answer be
fore the Superior Court on a charge of
murder.
Captured the Medal.
Special Dispatch to The Cal!
SAN JOSE. July 7.— Ralph Allen was
awarded the medal In the slli-er medal
contest at the Central Christian Church
last night. Those participating In the con
test were: Master James Laurlston,
Misses .Myrtle Hudson. Violet Vanvaler.
Florence Peel and Margery Hawkins and
Master Ralph Allen.
•
Kyle Succeeds Baker.
SACRAMENTO. July 7.— Major C. W.
Kyle, chief of the last Assembly, has
been appointed to the position of over
seer at Folsom prison, vice J. E. Baker,
resigned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 7.— Warren Earp
was killed this morning at Wilcox by
Johnnie Boyett. a cowboy. . A feud sprang
up at Tombstone between the Earp boys
and a band of cowboys some years ago,
and there have been several shooting af
fairs since. In one Virgil Earp was shot
in the arm. He was pursued to Tucson by
Frank Stllwell. who attempted to finish
him and was shot himself by Wyatt
Earp.
Warren was the youngest of the fam
ily, which was noted for the number of
shooting scrapes they indulged h> in Ari
zona, all of which were precipitated by
the existing feud. Boyett is a cowboy
who belonged to the band that opposed
the Earps.
Warren Earp had frequently attacked
him, and recently the /men made a vow
Fatal Shot Was Fired by Johnnie
Boyett, a Member of the Gang
Which Was Opposed to
the Earps.
Was the Result, of a, Feud
With Cowboys of Some
i Years' Standing.
WARREN EARP
SHOT AND KILLED
IN A DUEL
Special Dispatch to The Call,
VICTORIA. B. C. July 7.— The steamer
Amur arrived from Skaguay to-day.
Among her passengers were Captain John
Jrving of Victoria. J..A. Gibson of San
Francisco and Policeman Connors of the
Yukon Mounted Police. Captain Irving
reports a rich placer strike near White
Horse when he leftUhat section. He says
miners wore stampeding for the creek on
horseback, but ?£_ per cent of them did
jjot seem to know 'where they were going,
es the name of the creek was not dis
closed.
He states that it is generally conceded,
officially and otherwise, that the Klon
ti.ke clean-up this year will be between
J25.00).O<% and J30.«jOO,000> Policeman Con-
I ors said he believed that the Amur had
on board a quarter of a million dollars in
<Ju?t, according to the boxes he sized up
with his eye. The gold was principally
1-rought out by Braid and Nichols of Van
< PQTtb
Connors says that the river steamer Co
lumbian, which he was on, passed the
Canadian having on board the body of
Olsen. the third victim of the Clayson
irapedy. Oteen's body bore evidence of
nvjrder like the others and was found by
a mounted policeman between Selwin and
Felkirk. Connors says that the police be-
lieve they have the murderer safe in
O Brien. who is accused of cruelly killing
<'layson. R^lf and Olsen. and probably his
jiirtner Graves, who cannot be found.
Connors says there Is great excitement
over the free milling quartz found In In
dian Kiver, and claims innumerable are
bdos recorded.
J. A. Gibson came direct from Atlln,
which Is very prosperous. The hydraulic
claims are all in full swing. Bracket's
liret clean-up of 'fifty pounds on Willow
• reek has put confidence in every one
else. One hundred and fifty men are
working on Wright Creek hydraulic
claim?, and there is not an idle man in
the place. Any one -who wants can get
|3 S3 a day and board. There are lots of
people in Atlin, but they are all working
like bees and are prosperous. The Yukon
!>!x! force was brought down on the
Amur.
Body of Olsen, a Victim of the Clay
son Tragedy, Found, and
Bears Marks of Foul
Play.
Klondike Clean - Up May
Reach Thirty Million
Dollars.
RICH PLACER
STRIKE NEAR
WHITE HORSE
that If they ever quarreled again it would
be to the death. Earp began a quarrel
yesterday and iioyett was unarmed. Earp
demanded him to get his gun, which he
did, and the fl:-?ht took place in a saloon.
Earp was instantly killed. Boyett was un
injured. When the firing began the saloon
was cleared and no one but the proprie
tor, who was in hiding behind the box,
witnessed it.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. July 7.— Miss Agnes Roy
croft of Anderson met with an accident
at Cottonwood this evening from which
it is believed she cannot recover. The
young lady with her mother, Mrs. S. G.
Roycroft, and guest. Miss Corrigan of Red
Bluff, visited Cottonwood friends Satur
day. They started home shortly before C
o'clock in a single -buggy. Miss Roycroft
was driving. They had proceeded but a
short distance when the brow band of the
bridle was seen -to be out of place or
broken, allowing the blinds to fall back.
The ladies drove up to a livery stable to
have the harness repaired. Just as they
stopped the horse was frightened by a red
blanket on a loaded wagon near by and
turning clear around started wildly up
the street. Miss Roycroft bravely tried
to check the speed of the frightened
animal, but her efforts were futile. With
in a few blocks the buggy collided with a
tree, throwing the occupants to the
ground.
Miss Roycroft struck with her head
against a tree trunk, fracturing the skull
aiid crushing the chest bones. She was
carried unconscious to the nearest house.
Up to a late hour the young lady had not
regained coriBciousness. Physicians de
clare there are no hopes of her recovery!
Mrs. Roycroft was cut about the face
but not seriously Injured unless internal
Injuries exist, 'which It is feared may be
possible. Miss Corrigan escaped with a- few
scratches. Miss Roycroft is of a sweet
disposition, a social favorite In realms
outside that of her own town, and has
many friends !
Harness Was Broken and All Ef
forts to Stop the Frightened
Horse Were Un
availing.
Miss Roycroft Thrown From
a Carriage and Her.
Skull Fractured.
YOUNG WOMAN
BADLY INJURED
IN A RUNAWAY
Shower Affords Temporary Helief in
New York, but Many Were
Prostrated.
NEW YORK, July 7.— In New Tork City
at noon to-day the theiynometer regis
tered 90 degrees, the highest July record.
To-day's humidity whs SO at 11 o'clock and
78 at noon, the same as yesterday.
A shower to-day cooled the air consid
erably, but it was only a temporary re
lief. A dozen heat prostrations were re
ported.
CHICAGO. July 7.— Heavy clouds ob
pcured the sun all day and the tempera
ture that has stood at 90 degrees all week
was reduced 11 degrees. Four deaths from
heat were reported to-day. The dead are:
CHARLES SANGER. aged 5.
CHARLES ALSOPPE, aged 30.
WILLIAM MOORE, aged 3S.
WILLIAM MOSNOICK, aged 35, over
come July 2..
Welcome relief for Chicago came last
night In a heavy thunder shower which
continued all night. During: the first hour
of the etorm an Inch of water fell and
many basements of business places were
flooded.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Civil Service Examinations for Posi
tions in the Mint.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July 7.— Postmasters
were appointed to-day as follows: Califor
nia— Somls, Ventura County. W. O. Stew
art, vice W. B. Unruh, resigned; Merton,
San Diego County. D". S. Luce, vice K. H.
Vesper, resigned.
H. M. Llnsley has been designated
as a member of the board of civil
service examiners In the postoflice at
San Francisco. Civil service ex
amination will be held on Au
gust 1 at San Francisco and other places
where applications are received to estab
lish an eligible register from which ap
pointments of apprentices in , the San
Francisco Mint may be appointed. Pros
pective competitors should apply to the
Civil Service Commission at Washington
for Information and application blanks.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California: Original— Henry Kleinschmldt,
Alameda. J6; Charles Kasdorf. Etna Mills. J6;
Francis B. Hope. San Jacintn. 16; Gideon G.
Ardocs, Pucar Pine. $6; Edward Lyman, Fan
Francisco, JS: Mortimer T. OumminiBTS, Brod
erlck. J6. Additional— Barclay J. Charles.
Whittier. J6. Increase — Pierce Gardner, Los
Angeles, JS: Jacob Rebscher, Orovlile. $10;
David H. Holileter. Ventura. $12; Patrick
Rlley, Reddlns, »io. Reissue— William Walker.
Spencerville, »6: Peter C. Causey. Uucker, f.2;
Chester K. Brown. Soldiers" Home. $6. Reissue
and Increase— James fc'myth. Redwood City, $10.
Widow— Phebe Kates. Kindfll, $8. Mexican
war survivors. Increase— Robert C Rogers,
Alatneda, $20. Ppanish war, original — Robert
E. Burklln. San Francisco, J17; Albert C. Har
tie. Presidio. $6.
Oregon: Additional— Ceorpe B. Goble, ' Kel-
Iokk. *6. Increase— George \V\ Conley, Joseph.
$12; Silas il. Stewart. Clatskanie, $S.
Washington: Increase — John Senn, Epokane,
$17; Warren X.. Eaton, New Whatcom, $24.
Widows — Emily H. Wood, Port Townsend, $35;
Mary E. Kenwortliy, Tenino. $12.
End of the Encampment.
SANTA CRUZ. July 7.— Camp Wallace
Rej'nolds Is at an end. many of the vet
erans leaving to-day. Judge Buckles this
morning installed the officers. The fol
lowing appointments were made: Quar
termaster sergeant. M. Briggs, San Jose;/
adjutant, G. W. Newhail, Santa ¦ Cruz;'
council of administration, B. P. Shuler,'
J. J. Nichols, J. G. Fitch, Lcs Gatos; D.
Coats. B. C. Rodell, Campbells: J. R.
John?, Comrade Husted, Saratoga; WVG.
Hawley, Dan McGinley, Comrade Smith,
San Jo«e; S. S. Story. Morgan Hill; Matt
Hite. Santa Clara: Philip HInes, A. P.
Swanton, Santa Cruz.
holders. The concern Is being formed for
the purpose of working the old Padre
copper mine in the mountains near Santa
Margarita, which has recently been rflo^
cated. The ore from the mine has been
assayed and shows a large percentage cf
copper, and the promoters of th<^ enter
prise believe it will prove a very paying
venture. Active operations of taking out
the ore will be bfgun immediately after
the business, of Incorporating the com
pany has been accomplished.
FOUR MORE DEATHS
FROM HEAT IN CHICAGO
Of the Twenty-Four L-arge Oil Tanks
but Four Remain
Intact.
NEW YORK, July 7.— The fire at the
Standard Oil ¦ Company^} works at Bay
onn<\ N. J., which started shortly after
midnight on' Thursday morning, is rapidly
burning itself out. The best evidence
that the fire is about at an end and that
the danger of a still further spreading of
the flames Is not feared is that a number
of the fire companies allowed to re
turn to their quarters this morning.
Of the twenty-four large tanks in the
company's new plant, where the fire has
been raging, four remain intact.
Prunes Are Dropping.
SAN JOSE, July 7. — Reports were made
at the meeting of the San Jose Grange to
day that prunes are dropping badly. This
is especially true of orchards which have
been irrigated irregularly. Orchards which
have never been irrigated suffer less than
ai;y others, provided they have been thor
oughly cultivated. The reason for this is
given in the statement that In orchards
where there ls r.o irrigation the "feeder"
roots go deep ln search of moisture. In
irrigated orchards they con%e toward the
surface, and irrigation must be, regular
and continued or the fruit drops.
"Sale Day" at Biggs.
BIGGS, July 7.— The Biggs Board of
Trade has just completed arrangements
for their first grand united sal© day to
take place on .Tuesday.. -y 17. Every
store* will offer articles : pecial prices.
The' merchants of BlggK ..ave taken up
this matter and propose to make their
first great consolidated sale day a grand
success. -::'¦- ; > w\ ¦
Hay Burned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, July 7.— A field fire near
Blacks destroyed 250 tons of hay belonging
to Al Bourne. It was insured for $1100.
VENABLE GIVES DAMAGING
EVIDENCE AGAINST GREEN
Hearing in the Proceedings for the
Removal of the Savannah Har
bor ' Contractors.
NEW YORK, July 7.— The hearing in
the proceedings looking toward the
removal of Benjamin M. Green, John
P. Gaynor, W. F. Gaynor and E. H.
Gaynor, the Savannah Harbor contrac
tors, was continued to-day before United
States Commissioner Shields.
William B. Venable, a granite contrac-
tor of Atlanta. Ga., who 'testified yester
day, was called to "the stand. The wit
ness paid that on the morning when the
contracts were let he had been asked by
Mr. Gaynor to state the terms of his bid
This he had declined to give, as he did
not wish to be a party to "any such com
bination."
He further said, that Mr. Green told
him he had in his possession duplicate
copies of a. bid $:»O,OO0 lower ttian that
actually made by the Atlantic company.
This, he said, was ready to be entered in
case any other concern should cut under
the first bid. Witness said he had spent
much money preparing to deliver 3oO,000
tons of stone he had contracted to fur
nish. As a matter of fact, he delivered
only about $100,000' worth of stone. As
sistant United States District Attorney
Irwin explained that Captain Carter
changed the specifications. The case was
then adjourned until Monday next.
FIRE AT BAYONNE IS
RAPIDLY BURNING OUT
O. L. SPAULDINO, ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF TREASURY.
SAX FRANCISCO ls honored by the presence of O. L. Spauldlnjr. Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States. He ls stopping at the
Palace, and Is certainly not looking for notoriety. Many officers of the
customs service called to see the gentleman yesterday afternoon and pay
their respects, but failed to meet him. The presence of so many of the local offi
cers of the Government ln the hostelry created the rumor that there was some
mystery connected with the visit of Mr. Spaulding. This thought was. however,
soon dispelled by that gentleman.
"There is no mystery connected with my visit to this coast at this time,"
said Mr. Spaulding yesterday afternoon. "It la true that my trip is for the
purpose of securing information, but it is also a pleasure, for it gives my wife
and self an opportunity to meet our son, Lieutenant Spaulding, Tvho is in the
Third Artillery, stationed at Fort Wlnfield Scott.
"I will proceed from here to the Sound ports. looking through the customs
system, and from there I will go to the far north. My business there will be
to look into the methods now pursued ln the handling of goods bound for ports
in' Alaska. At a distance of thousands of miles it is sometimes difficult to un
derstand situations, and it is for the purpose of placing the Treasury Depart
ment in touch with northern conditions that I am here. The transportation of
goods in bond through Canadian territory and matters pertaining to the bonded
warehousing of merchandise in a manner satisfactory to all parties concerned will
occupy my attention, and when I return to "Washington I hope to be able to
recommend some regulations that will be acceptable. It ls not intended that my
trip shall extend beyond Skaguay, and I expect to be back ln San Francisco in
about six weeks, en route to Washington. There are no investigations to be
made, ln the common acceptance of the term. I am simply golns to obtain some
personal knowledge that will be of great assistance ln making improvements
in the service for the benefit of the general public."
Those interested in the immense traffic with tha northern mines will hear
of the coming of this high official with particular satisfaction, as there arc sev
eral serious and many mfnor evils that require correction. The acts of the Ca
nadian officials have been in many instances arbitrary and unjust to miners and
merchants, and It is believed that their seriousness is responsible for the long
and trying trip that has been undertaken by the Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury. Mr. Spaulding Is one of the handsomest and most genial gentlemen
who ever came here officially from the seat of Government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JOLIET, 111., July 7,-Charles H. Le
roy of Fullerton, Cal., a passenger on
the Santa Fe train which arrived at Joliet
at 7:25 o'clock this morning, shot and in
stantly killed himself just before reaching
Joliet.
From letters found in his pockets it ls
supposed his family is in Kullerton. Cal.
He was engaged in prospecting* for oil
In the new California oil Holds. No cause
is assigned for the suicide. On the back
of an envelope was found the following
note:
Mrs. Ida Leroy, Fullerton, Cal.: I seemed
to have to die; I love you and have committed
no crime. Be as good to the boys as p< aslble.
CIIAULES H. LEHOV.
Receiver deliver.
Mr. Leroy was a passenger from San
Francisco to Chicago and occupied berth
No. 13 in one of the middle sleepers. His
actions were not particularly noticed by
the passengers and he gave no indications
that he contemplated taking his life.
This morning he arose and dressed and
spoke pleasantly to several persons sit
ting near him. Just as the train passed
Patterson station Leroy took an envelope
out of his pocket and was seen to write
on the back ot it. The writing finished
he put it In his pocket again. Then, with
out warning, he drew a 41-caliber re
volver, placed it at his right temple and
fired.
The man fell forward and before any
one could reach him he was dead.
In his pockets were found, besides a
bunch of letters, a watch and $35 90.
The body was embalmed and will be
held to await word from his relatives.
LOS ANGELES, July 7,-Charles Leroy,
SG years of age, of Fullerton, who com
mitted suicide on the Santa Fe train,
was an oil driller for the Puente Oil Com
pany at Fullerton. He left home four days
ago to go East on a visit to relatives. No
cause ls known for his actions, as his do
mestic relations were pleasant. He leaves
a wife and two small sons. He was con
sidered a safe and reliable employe. The
widow has asked that the body be sent
here, and says temporary Insanity alone
can account for the rash act.
Leaves a Wife and Two Children at
Fullerton and It Is Thought
He Was Temporarily
Insane.
Suicide of Charles H. Le
roy Near Joliet,
Illinois.
CALIFORNIAN
ENDS HIS LIFE
ON A TRAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY JULY 8, 1900.
Assistant Treasurer Spaulding Here to
.Investigate Alaskan Customs
. I"* • i
nviio.
HIGH GOVERNMENT
OFFICIAL ARRIVES
24
nil PO £°. m P Iete »r «radlc«ted wlti-
V 6 I *• V r» l cuttln * or tyinr. N«
320 MARKET ST. SJ.
DR. HALL'S RElNVIGORATORSraSSa
Five hundred reward for any V^«i7lfc*
case we cannot cure. Tbls secret Wai BB
remedy stops all losses in 21 S t
hours, cures Emissions. Impo- RT1 HOI?
tency, Varicoc'K Oonorrhoea KS< W»*5
Gleet. Fits, Strictures, Lost Ifrjfl W
Manhood and all wasting effect* Sr'S Id^
of self-abuse or excesses. Rent t.^V- SS
(ealed. 12 bottle; 3 bottles. JS: nanntwri t<?
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL rv
BTITUTE. 85S Broadway. Oakland I CaL a^
fcr sale at 1073^ Market .USP AU wiSiS
dl.ea.es quickly cured. Send tot freV bSot
OEW£Y t STRQNG&CD
DR. WONG WOO, gg&s
Chinese Tea and Herb Sanl- • f
tarlum. 7C4-TC8 Clay st., San nC A
Francisco. CaL All diseases cured lw* 7
exclusively by Chinese herbs. iCl-
Advlce free. Hours. 3 to 11 a. _J*v^?JV
m.. 1 to S. 7 to 9 p. m. «w@9m?QwV
San Franclscc. January 2. 1300. %*J/j?* *-S\^
I had a very serious attack of 'S'ty^LiJiX*
consumption and my feet were so swollen that
it was with difficulty I could walk. The doctors
in the hostiitals could not give me any relief
for n'ne weeks. I was persuaded to ko to the
well-known Chinese Doctor. Wong Woo. aad
In three months I was completely cured and in
perfect health, having gained 23 pounds in
weight. I have much pleasure ln reeomm»n<i-
tng him to any one suffering in any way what
ever. JAKOB RAUCH. 13}, Freelon st f city!
4 Quart Bottles, $3?Q
Express Charges Prepaid.
HIGHEST GRADB FOR MEDICINAI* OR
family use. We give you tha benefit of tha
middlemen's profit; besides, you are guaranteed
the certainty of
[PS? PURE WHISKEY -^g
Nothlcs on case to indicate contents. Money
refunded If not satisfactory. Tvrtco tha prtca
could buy no better. Reference, any buslaeaa
firm and commercial agencies.
F. FPHRAIM & CO.. Distillers' Agents
18 Montgomery St.. S. F.. Cal.
Sole Agents French Colony Vineyard Co.. lac
ADVERTISEMENTS. .' .
"^ To"th nrush<« French a. rt f ft ft II T\ llfTF*!/ f\ P TIIF 0111" flT III! V 4 Elaek Taffeta Silks
*f§i|§l§ SECOND WEEK OF THE GREAT JULY :,rrr;:- f
f ,;:;;„.*,. „. CLEARANCE SALE M°"'«f
*• &>c Olt/» ¦ ww!«
JEi Each-AOL- CROWDED AISLES. UXPRECEPEXTED SELLING and UNEQUALED BAR- 21-Inch brilliant Black 14?
+? OAINS «re« tbe features MOST prominent In last week's ENORMOUS business. Taffeta, extraordinary
JCi T.PaArri Flaftic B»l?»: TO-M< >ItKO\V witnesses the beginning of the SECOND WEEK of one of the most quality, the regular 90c 4^
•? tn-rth 75c »>.'X/-» PHENOMENAL SALKS In uur hlftory. We have ln view a swift clearannce of kind. Pale «y ~T r* ~Z
<r- grtrh^Ol faring and summer stock, therefore THESE GHEAT PRICE REDUCTIONS. price Yard I (v
| 'record-breaking wash-goods sale.|a week of startling silk selling* I
*¦-' Th<» rpFpons** areorded our last \v»<?k's advertlsement!One of the Imperative rules of our store is not to carry
•Si was irnmertiaK- and continuous thriuj?hout the week, silks over from one season to another, and thousar- 1 * of '"5*
•I Orf-at quantities were aolf£tnrt thores consolation for, dg of our present sj _ eck must the ref ore b e dlsp of £L
* I^S?E^t&£^ before new stock arrlvea tota - " s T
*§ Qfi Jorh P rr*lp HI YARD-Over 5000 nieces; plaoe - -*>- , *T
-- JO-mCn rclXaie, yln of this popular fabric H: n h Nnvp5tv Sllk«S ftT YARD-1200 A,
"V O'r- li'IriH fl^li fullv 36 inches wide, thel^'y 11 JIIK*», Uff% yards choice .
t IZ.jC Killtl, UOU very best 12^c qua]ity.i%Y ftrt u .S-> $1 "7^ SI t^O for ffTI \\ and exquis- jg.
"V not an undesirable pattern !n the lot: come early and| " oru! »•'-»> '« 3U i lor U I U ite high
_£. tnk<> your pick. Sale price S l-3c yard. j grade Novelty Silks, all this season's best selling styles £L
?* tf\r rmnfnmc 150 pieces fine American GinKhams>n^, wp a v es. in b^utiful color combinations, that were
jb lUC UinqnamS ln pre tty stripes ?nd checks, fast col-i^'Hns at * 200 ' 5 1 - 73 and J 1 - 50 - Your choice S7c yard. |2.
T for 6C Yard. the 10C ""^ Sa ' e Pr ' Ce SC is« 25 Foulards I^^ty Satin and Persian effects 2
I White Pique, " ' ffp-^^^g^^^^g^^ |
% 2Oc Kind, I2]c Yard. %£&£ n g f°-cy vv S^f jFo«i«rd.. to be o^ 1 a 1 t te 7 3 c d^? s : regular $12 ° |.
p effects; always sold at 20c yard. ;oq » j~ AI , the rema ining 75c Foulards, of 2>
*& Irlch n'mifioc Th<4 regular >Sc Belfast Dimities, a^^ 1 * IUI ' J^ which we have sold hundreds of
•3 II IN. I l/illllllC3 verv P heor quality, ln all the prett>-:p n|| | nrr |c dresses during this great selling sea-
«g-f c 1 f~ V-*rrl roiorJnps. and warranted fapt colors.: 1 vfmiui uc». Pon< in the j, est colorings and choice >*
mi ¦ al *-•• Sale price 8 l-3c yard. [designs, to be closed out at 39c yard. vj»
* HOUSE-FURNISHINGS. r A GREAT OFFERING IN ALL-OVE.iS? BLACK CREPONS ~* *
is-lr.rh nll-linpn Barnel^y Toweling, pood LACES AN9 EMSR OIDER!ES. OT * he h'ffhest order go on eale to-morrovr t^«
•; wearing luallty: r«"?ular price. (\(* 500 pipers manufacturers sample Em- at almost one-half price. —
«& I2 l -c. ?s\f price Yard «JV hroM*>rlPS-trial Btrlps-rn pretty patterns. Looms never made handsomer wea\'es *S*
*¦ * ~ , o ,. ,. "''"''' c ? sao £ dur3 l ble material. Mi.-h p!<«ce than the , e: aI! of them e:cqulslte of a j^
JSt J^-inrh blcarhfd Damask Striped Towellnir: mrasurfnK 4H yards, to be closed out at brilllnnt lustpr anA th» „,„ ,m m ,>,«. k^..
<P r^Kular vaiu-. 10c. Sale price ftl r ISe. 2.-ic, 4.%c a strip; regular value. X. 1 /'" 1 " 11 1UFter Bna the qualities the best.
of)o _ Yard t>4^ tbe. We and T5e. They were slx weeks late ln transit and
Jfc. ' kit rk deslrins an Immediate sale we offer these
T Whiff* California make. extra AI!-Uver Il^^L 18 rw £?£ • « and $2 Crepons ln a variety of twelve «•
Jfr V»nilt- ,. eiz< . wllh pr «. tt} . . regular value -cer/i exclusive designs; your choice ejL
X B!anke ! s. S^'fsag^SrS: Laces> . .
*^ er.ll at JT 50 a pair. To be closed CJ.«-> In Venise and Point de Tnris stylfs, that <JliJU 1 UlU
& «««« Palr «S FelHng C5C * Vard - Va a rd39C all-wool fancy Scotch . Suiting. In
-. . . i_ , J "" K.wd colorings, a broken line of this sea- /»
-& Linen f., 1^ 11 ". Imitation Cluny, Renaissance, -¦£ -t y^th «;-ye,,,n g at u so and
NapkinS. S" 1 " Office 'ci «? Battenber 9 ™* DuCheSSe All- VfardOUC §?
4* ¦ • DoieB l>1 — Overs - &&$£^&£a$i& wool *
TflWP «-«»cb reached .U-lInen Pa ra - r^e, r.Oo «»<• and Tr.«- ya.,1. P| a JdS ?l^'"- : &
*? laUiC pf . k a quality very commend- (jfflSS LlllCfJ mati * of th< " l>r|lt qual * *"' XJC » # value. To close.. .. Tard OfJw V*
Linen. i£% gj te pri«-!^T.!i?= <= c Skirts. boxpiaitea jaswon. Imported f 11 -^- 43 lnches w! 5$'
». Yard £>Ow *-"»•• *--'. , extra lencth and ""**«¦ »<^*« Jn mO( jps. tans, resedif. £t
wi.ith; regular value. Jl 73. Pale C11B FtfiftiinPK gray and green; regular *5T
? rilTTO lun nil I mil n«OCe P 1 ** • Each«5I LiasiHIICS. value, $125 a.FZftr' &
* SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES. \y h ] te The ,m»tMt «l* of W«tot. >« rd ToclM. Yard &UC
* At U- Present P r,ce, Wfl istS. S^SfjSsS LadleS ' f
4%*- each C3*90 54c each l-UUI^3 ,,_ ,^,,, f ,,,,,,.. tI : fhJIrlrpn' 51 warranted fast black, &
S> each 72x90 «Ic each rirfl»A/r»r« w 'th l* c «- extra width: v.iiii*Ji cii c» of a fine quality cot- 7y
t: 5:<c each Hr90 flSc each Ul OWCI Sl ei.«U«.t .a!u^ acj^ ttr RibhPfi HOSP. ton> <5 ° ub ] e knee». —
tuw enrh OftrW 'In e*rh Sfe. Sale price 1'alr Out " IUUBU llusc ' toes and feet, sizes *^
I -I ' Ladies' r^ ihVr . !rhT - U !; ..^.™. 1 -.^...^13cl
* „££? oin hlU Drawers. SK.- 1^"!""^^ §S'" More Black JW1S.-.^SS *
A "'nimej &0x3S4 17c each Sale price Pair^rt^^ Vo(»;ot Rihhnnc quality, all silk, *L
HemsUtched 45x36 lGc each I aHJpc' extra lenpth and width, with TClVCL I\IUUUI13 gatln b acU. T
«fo tUUIC;S pretty hemstitched effect and __ „ Lr ._ a _ A
~Z? The above Fhepts and Case, are made r^.^o trimmed with neat embr.iid- Qr^ a o •15SCT-^ ¦ IHCt^
of a ftandani quality ph^ting. hand-torn *7UWII». er ... reRU lar vnlue.OGr* 3... iJ^Td. 5... »OVTd. ....«V#WTd
*j* urA launderefl. rrady for uw. f Jl 25. Pale priire Each l/Ov f Worth 12Hc. Worth 20c. Worth 25c. *y
"^ Corduroy and Brush ? COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. 4- 6 -hook Corset Steels; *?
•- Fkirt Bfnrtin^: worth worth 10c. Special •*
tVc var4. j±r~ --, ¦ - .-. at *SC '^*
jt. ~ ;i ¦¦¦'¦!>¦ tr---i Qual- ¦, ~V" J N^t!j J i^V^^5^^ ¦ Hemstitched Hand- £*
<£s '¦"¦ - a" «izen; wirth SSj *f^f 8 -p» 'M kon-hiffs; worth 10c. *jj*
¦^r cla"i at... ..Pair i C 1 *"^ ...\V.;r.^Eadb OC
NOLAN BROS.,
812-814 Market Street,
Phelafl Building.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
WE TOLD YOD
WE WOULD
PARALYZE
THE SHOE TRADE
With Bargains
AND WE HAVE DONE SO.
It has affected some so bad that they
are squealing in print about it. But we
can't help it.
WE ARE HERE TO STAY AND
WILL CONTINUE TO SELL FINE
SHOES AT ENORMOUS LOW
PRICES FOR NET CASH.
Of course if we charged goods as
other houses do we would have to
charge high price3.
We advertise STRICTLY ONE
PRICE FOR NET CASH. AND
THAT PRICE IS SO LOW THAT
NO ONE CAN COMPETE WITH
US AND CHARGE GOODS.
WE SELL AND BUY FOR CASH
AND GIVE OUR CUSTOMERS
THE BENEFIT.
WE CARRY THE FINEST SHOES
MADE IN THE UNITED *
STATES.
For ot»r ladies* best line we carry
LAIRD, SCHOBER & CO.. acknowl -
edged by all shoe merchants and peo-
ple who wear fine shoes to be superior
to all makes.
For our finest in gentlemen's shoe*
we cairy JOHNSTON & MUR-
PHY'S, which arc the best shoes made
in the United States.
Our object is to sell the Finest Shoes
Made and Sell Them Cheap for Cash.
If This Won't Win, What Will?
You can buy any kind or any price
shoe at cur house.
Bear in mind you have nothing to
lose and all to gain.
If shoes are not as represented re-
turn them at our expense and get your
money back.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ladies' kid ties, worth $1 50. for 60c a
pair; assignee sale of shoes. 775 Market •
KEW WESTERN KOTEU
K EA 2F*Z. AND ST9 HP
** modered and renovated. KING WahiY^C
1 NO CURE NO PAY! |
S . .. •
a J&kr^£!£$lk*. y Electric Belt is a quick and positive cure for weakness ®
| ' /*§*3lr%. in mcn - The vitalizin K «J ect V c P OW ?f is ,gjvcn direct to all weak g
q JpfS* 7^^ A&i parts, developing the full, natural vigor of a
9 /* *¦ 'nf manhood. It makes the blood warm and the ©
® /u*v\ (tJiiSM.mh fv H^r^K. nerves as strong as steel. I , want every man ©
2 ' Tffi*®t<qrJkV JffiOk X who is weak or who suffers from lame •
S \K J I $/ X back, rheumatism, weak stomach or ©
« JY JS~*^ I««iJLr< ' iCif ' X aiIinp kidne >' s > to be cured by it ®
I /^#^*^^^ \ 'DR- MCLAUGHLIN'S OFFER. 1
J f /^%i^ \ ¦ .• asi^& . ¦" I am not giving Belts away." I ©
• ' '* jjl' * i. 1 am simply curin g firs t and as'kins •
• |11ImiP^-^ J-*i« nn(1 anv honest man who will f-ecuro me can have mv it
O tl Wr^^U^PkC^Q*A.''LJ,r n ni miJ?t^M BcIt an(1 pay me when cu " d - ls tna t fair? My Belt i 2 **
© I rsr^r^^^tiMs^SS^lir. F*'i twlce as strmRa u s an> : 0tne 7 r - and ls the only one mat ®
X PUt^^i^sL's^iJ U_i?5 eOQJ^K *£1 can bf? wnrn Wltn comfort. It does not hum ©
2 ¦ Cal1 and consult me to-day, or sond for my illustrator! •
• A ****-W>jg># r ' -T^ jlr SO-page book, which tells my story honestly. Sent sealed ©
S Scratic Rheumatism. . f|D M A Mnl AIICUI IM S
• 723 Green Street. SAX FnAXCISCO. June 7. 1900 L "' IM » fl » "I I LAUUfi LI H, g
9 For two years I suffered from rheumatism. A brother engineer whom your B?It 702 Market st., ccr Kearnv San Francisco- o&
A had cured. advised me to get one It has, driven every sign of the trouble from my cor. Spring and Second ats "Los Angeles Of- 2f
g^ ; system., My pains have entirely gone. .. JAMES PARKER. flee hours-0 a, m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 11) to 1. •As regards the Democratic ticket. Mr.
Cleveland would say nothing.
"What would be the use?" he said.
"Whatever I nrght say would only b*
twisted for political purposes."
CONTRADICTORY REPORTS
REGARDING THE OREGON
Professional Salver, However, Says
That She Has Been Success
fully Floated.
Special Cahle to The Call and New Tortc Bw
ald. Coryrtght, 1300. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
SHANGHAI, July 7.— News concerning
the Oregon 13 contradictory. The latest
report is that the battleship has been suc
cessfully floated, and the fact that this
comes from a professional salver suggests
Its reliability.
Killed by a Falling Pole
FRESNO. July 7.— John C. Kenney.
whose parents live at 4W Halght street.
San Francisco, died at Reedley this mom-
Ing. His skull was fractured yesterday at
Cedle by the 'ill of a telephone pole
which he was unloading from a car.
JOLLY ROGER'S VICTORY.
Western Handicap.
Outfoots Sidney Lucas in the Great
CHICAGO, July 7.— Jolly Roger won to
day's Great Western handicap, with Sid
ney Lucas second and Barrack third.
Sidney Lucas was conceding twenty
pounds to the winner and was beaten only
a length. Lieutenant Gibson, which was
an added starter, was made favorite at
2 to 1, Sidney Lucas was second choice
and Pink Coat third choice ln the betting.
Boney Boy went out to set the pace,
attended soon by Lieutenant Gib
son. This pair ran the first three
quarters three lengths ahead of the
others. Entering the back Btretch
Boney Boy retired. Lieutenant Glb
pon then "assumed command, but Sid
ney Lucas, Pink Coat and Jolly Roger
closed on him and the pace along the
back stretch was a killing one. After
racing with Lieutenant Gibson until the
turn for home Jolly Roger compelled the
Derby favorite to quit. In the run for
home Pink Coat tired. In the stretch Sid
ney Lucas made a determined effort to
catch Jolly Roser. but It was asking too
much and the pair reached the finish Jlne
staggering, lengths apart, while Barrack
took third money from the exhausted field
behind. The time. 2:37*;. was remarkably
fast considering the soft track.
The attendance was 10,000. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Jake Weber won, Cas
taxe second. Uterp third. Time. 1:1614.
\ One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Great Bend
won, Admetus second, Clara Wolley third.
TJme, 1:50V 1
Great Western handicap, for three-year-olds
and upward. 12000 added, one mile and a half-
Jolly Roger won. Sidney Lucas second. Bar
rack third. Time. 2:3T»i.
Five furlongs— Boomeran* won. Admonition
second. Handy Man third. Time. l:03«4.
One mile — The Elector won. Patroon second.
Star Chamber third. Time. 1:MH-
Beven and a half furlong*— Moroni won. Blue
Lick second. Miss Shanley third. Time, 1:26?;.
Six furlongrs, selling— Hlgrh Jinks won, Jose
phine B second. Brulers third. Time, l:lS'-».
McKinley.
NAVAL PROMOTIONS.
latest Idst Approved by President
WASHINGTON, July 7.-The President
has approved the following promotions In
th" navy:
Commander M. R. S. McKensie, to be a
captain.
lieutenant Commander George P. Col
vocoresses. to be a commander.
Lieutenant Commander Charles E. Col
ahan. to be a commander.
Lieutenant James P. Parker, to be a
lieutenant commander.
Lieutenant Ben W. Hodges, to be a
lieutenant commander.
Ernest V. Sandstrom, to be a boatswain.
FREE SILVER PLANK
DISAPPOINTS CLEVELAND
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUZZARDS BAT, July 7.— Former Pres
ident Cleveland to-night expressed bis
opinion on the Democratic platform.
"I most ardently hoped and desired," he
paid, "that the platform to be constructed
at Kansas City would be consistent with
the professions of those In charge of the
Democratic management, that the har
monizing of the discordant sentiment ln
the party was an object of supreme Im
portance. In these circumstances the In
corporation of a specific demand for free
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 Is. of course,
a great surprise and disappointment."
The flre had its origin in the basement
of E. G. Evans & Co.'s china and glass
ware establishment on Fifth avenue, be
tween Wood and Market streets. The
dense smoke from burning excelsior and
other material used ln packing china baf
fled the firemen for a long time, but after
lighting for more than an hour they got
the upper hand, though the building was
deluged with water.
At about 5:9) p. m., when all danger
seemed to have passed, ten members of
engine companies Nos. 4 and 11 were
working on the second floor, knee deep
in water. The weight of water, with the
already heavy weight on the floor ln the
ehape of the big Jeweler's safes of God
dard. Hill & Co., was too much and the
floor gave way. In its. plunge down it
drapged the third floor along with it
clear through to the cellar. ¦ - --•-'-
The firemen were burled deep under the
debris and it was believed at first that
none would escape. Heroic efforts were
made by the remaining firemen to rescue
their comrades, and ln a little while they
could be conversed with, but they were
still pinned down by the masses of debris.
To rescue Captain Campbell a jack was
pushed forward and jacks were required
to raise : a large portion of the " broken
floor. .He was under the.floor two, hours,
yet he was the least injured of any taken
The injured: Captain Dan Campbell,
Stewart Burns, Edward Kearney, Wil
liam Erb, George Munn and William da
Rile.
JOHN LEWIS
riTTSBURG, July 7.— Pittsburgh down
town business section was visited by an
other disastrous fire to-day— the second
within a week. Four men are dead and
six others are ln hospitals, suffering from
Injuries which may prove fatal. All of
the victims were firemen. The dead:
JOHN GRIFFIN.
ST. CLAIR CRAWFORD.
MAX BATTERBAUGH.
Members of Two Engine Companies
Hujled to the Basement of the
Building and Buried
Under Debris.
Floor Gives Way Beneath
Men Fighting a Con
flagration.
FOUR P1TTSBURG
FIREMEN PERISH
AT THEIR POSTS
out. The survivors were badly bruised
and cut and one or more may die from
the effects of their Injuries.
The money loss will reach 1100.000, of
which E. G. Evans & Co. lose $50,000: God
dard. Hill & Co.. $20,000: Davis Mahon. fo
000; O. M. McClintock & Co.. $o000; Alle
gheny National Bank, $1500. All were cov
ered, by insurance.
Vardon on Friday made two rounds In
68 and €5. The score to-day was somewhat
affected by a stiff breeze, Vardon left
to-nlgbt for Chicago."
In the afternoon the match was between
Vardon and Messrs. Longworth and Bow
ers, two amateurs. Vardon again won
by three holes, the ecore being as fol
lows:
Vanlon— Out. 85: ln. 85: total, 70.
Lor.r»"orth and Bowers— Out. S«; in, »•
tcul. 71.
CIN'CIN/XATI. July 7.— Vardon. the Bn«
llsh champion, was the attraction at the
Cincinnati Golf Club grounds to-day. In
the morning Vardon and Robert White
of Norfolk. Va., played, Vardon winning
by three holes. Score:
Vardon— Out. 34; in. 26; total, 70
White— Out, SS: ln. J7; total. 7J.
cinnati Club's Links
VAEDON WINS AT GOLF.
English Champion Plays on the Cin-
»-?n * J""* *£***?., el * hth - ««lHng-Toni Crom-
T! «• -— Sld <5ubia second. Sun God third.
i J? V i^ rl0 £ 8S ~ Fr * 1 H ** { * won - PremJus «ec
|on4.-Edna Gre«n third. Time. 1:03.
«.5£ Roa 8t 5 k *- «"«"«. «evea furlomr*
j Handicap, six furlrn gl <_pi no< . h i e won Bum .
nvr e#cf,nd, Banish third. Time, 1-15
Fix rurlonjrs-St. Cuthbert won. Hl K h Nocker
second. Dura Waldo third. Time. 1:14H.
One mile and a sixteenth, pelllng— Terra la
copnlta won. Havilar.d second. Jimp third,
lime, 1:48.
On * ° l! . ! ; arv3 an 'tenth. selllngr-Jim Turner
rS al<!<>< ' K second. Celeste d'Or third. Time,
ST. LOUIS. July 7.— To-day's card of
Feven races drew one of the largest
crowds of the season to the Fair Grounds
dpppite the sweltering weather. The feat
ure of the card was the Golden Rod sell
ing sweepstakes for three-year-olds. The
favorite. Capron. got off badly and was
never in the hunt. Sidbow led all the
way, beating out Charley O'Brien by a
short neck, with Felix Bard third. Re
sults:
ing Stakes at St. Louis.
KANSAS CITT. July 7.— Scor*: Kansas City
3. Minneapolis J. ,
MILWAUKEE, July 7.— Score: Milwaukee 2
Chlcae» «. '
INDIANAPOLIS. July 7.— Score: Indianapo
lis 5. Eetrolt 0.
BITFALO, July 7.-Sccre: Buffalo 5, Cleve
land 4. .......
SIDBOW LEADS AT.T. THE "WAY
Easily Annexes the Golden Rod Sell-
American League Games.
Batteries— Phllllppi and Zimmer; Hawley and
"VN'amer. Umpire— Swartwood. *
PrrrSBURG. July --Pittslmrg won a
floppy, tedious carr.e by a lucky hit la the
ninth inning. Attendance 4500. Score:
C!ub#- r. H . E.
Pittsbuix 4 jo s
New Tork S 9 3
C!ub»- R . H E
ft. Louis x0 12 4
Philadelphia 6 12 2
Batteries— Jones and Crig-er Bernhard Mc-
Lau^hiln and McFarland. Umpire— Hurst.
FT. LOtTIS. July ".—St. Louis won the eam»
in the first two innings by slaughtering Bern
hard's curves. McLauphMn. a young southpaw
who took his place, did very well. Attendance
2*00. Score:
CHICAGO. July 7.— Boston Mopped Chicago's
wirnir.? f-treak to-day by pounding Callahan
a!l over the field. NJchols vu touched up for
eleven hits, but they xrpre too scattered to be
rroductlve of runs. Attendance 4C")0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 1 4 u 1
Boston 11 19 2
Batteries — Callahan ar.d Donahue; Nichols
and Clarke. Umpire — O'Day.
CINCINNATI. July 7.— Brooklyn made It thre*
nraitlit to-day by hanl hittlnir. Great field
in? by Jones paved Howeil. Attendance 2S0G.
S~cor*:
Club!=— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 5 10 3
Brooklyn S 14 J
Batt»ri«?s — Pc"9tt. Breitensteln and Peitx,
Hovel] and Farrell. Umpire — Emslle.
Clubs — W. L. Pet. Clubs — TV. L.. Pet.
Brooklyn « 51 .CA Cincinnati ..29 34 .4 C '~>
Philadelphia. 35 K .606 Boston J7 33 .M
Pittfburg ...J5 29 .547 8t. Louis IS 24 .433
Chicago S3 30 -S.'l New York. ..21 38 .356
From the, Reds.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS
BATS OUT A VICTORY.
Brooklyn Hakes It Thre« Straight
•Colonel James S. Pettft. Thirty-first C.
F. V.. acquitted by a general court-mar
tial."
Colonel Pettit was tried on a charge cf
having turned over a native prisoner to
a Dato in Mindanao, who cruelly executed
the man. The court-martial was founded
upnn a charge that Colonel Pettit's con
duct was iir.soldlerly and tended to brinsj
the American arms into contempt. It vras
*t time reported that Webb Hayes,
a Uetiten&nt colonel of the same regiment.
r;^.'' [brown up his commission because of
dissatisfaction with Colonel Pettit's con
duct in this affa!r. Up«n hi? arrival in
tht« conntrjr: however. Major Harrison
contra dieted this statemTt and came out
5n a ctroag d^f^nse of Colonel Pettit's
coarse. The verdict cf The court-martial
meeti with the unqualified approval of
the War Department authorities and of
Colonel P^nit's brother officers here.
G^rs^ra: MacArthur's latent casualty list
is a? f^i'.ows:
•MANILA. July T.-Kfikd: July 4.
M.'»r.;:r.e. Laiion. Company C, Fourth In
fantry. Will Weber: June 10. Atlao. Pa
ray. < "orr.r'ar.y D, Twenty-sixth Infantry.
Frank J. Kague; July 1, Rosario, Cavity
"WASHINGTON. July 7.— The following
cmblesraxn has been received at the War
Department from General MacArthur at
Manila, dared to-day:
General MacArthur Forwards the
Latest List of Killed and In
jured in the Phil
ippines.
Was Accused of Turning
Over a Prisoner to a
Dato in Mindanao.
COURT-MARTIAL
FULLY ACQUITS
COLONEL PETTIT
Cnrnpany M. Thlrty-fiphth Infantry.
Clyde M. Davis.
"•Wounded— July 4. Manllnp. Luzon
Company C. Twenty-fourth Infantry. Sec
ond Lieutenant Edward B. Mitchell,
wounded In the shoulder, slight: Thoma-?
Brown, wounded ln shoulder, moderate 1
Penardna. Luzon. Company I. Thirty
fourth Infantry. Sergeant Samuel Barde'l
eon, wounded ln thigh, slight: July 3,
Damapeo Bridge. Luzon. Company B,
Thirtieth Infantry. First Sergeant Ernest
L. Hamilton, wounded in arm. slight;
William D. Cook, wounded ln mouth,
slight; May <>, Hilnnge?, Leyte. Companv
1. Twenty-third Infantry, transferred to
Company H. Twenty-third Infantry. Owen
Mc<"affery. wounded In thigh. Blight."
The War D^rartment has been informed
of the organization of a squadron of
Philippine cavalry by Lieutenant Wilbur
E. Wilder. Forty-third Infantry. U. S. V..
consisting of four troops of native scouts,
having- a maximum of 120 men to a troop,
enpaged to serve until June 30. 1901. unless
sooner discharged. The barracks at Ca-
Ioocan have been designated as the ren-
I dezvous of the squadron.
A letter has been received here from
Archbishop Chapelle. to whom was dele
gated the adjudication of the dispute be
tween the religious orders and the civil
authorities ln the Philippines, ln which he
states that during the past six months he
has carefully examined every point bear
ing on the subject and will soon make
his personal report to the Pope.
Thf Idler was a stanch schonner-yacht.
which Captain Corripan recently" pur
chased from John Cudahy of Chicago.
Thp survivors of the wreck were picked
up by tups a few minutes after the acci
dent and broueht into this port. ¦
According to the testimony of several
«ail#rs. the topsail, mainsail' and jibsail
wer*> all sr>t when the squall came. This
is dr-ni<»d by the male, who declared they
were in prw>rl shape to fare the storm.
« aptaln James Corrlpan declared to-nisrht
that pood seamanship could have averted
tho trouble. He is almost frenzied with
frrief.
" *Kor God's sake. Mrs. Corrisran. you
and jrottr daughter keep a tight hold on
the ripping.' we called to them. Even as
we yelled the voa swept them and us
cvt» board. Fortunately Mrs. Corr'.pan
had succeeded in taklnp hold of a cork
lounpe. She clunp to it and was saved."
The mate paid it wad realized that noth
ing could be done to save those ln the
cabin and that attention was turned to
Bavins those on deck. The latter, outside
of the captain, mate and crew, were Mrs.
John Corrig&n and her daughter. Miss
Etta Corripar.. The raptain and crew
tried to get Mrs. Corrijran and her daugh
ter up on the crosslrec* in the ripping',
but the heavy sea washed them all over
board.
Reilly and the Infant daughter of Mr?.
Kellly w»-re all in the saloon below when
the storm came on.. Captain Holmes
gave me orders to take in pail and I
iransmitu-d the nrder to the men. They
obeyed quickly. The captain, myself and
the crew made effoTts co save the women,
but without sUccess. AVe told them the
yacht was slnkinp. but they could not or
would not come on deck. I waded into
the saloon when the water was up to my
r.eck, but Mrs. James Corrigran would not
come out. She may have been rendered
incapable of. action by fear. A motion
was made to take the infant out. but Mrs.
Reilly would not let the child po."
Holmw. the captain; Samuel B!gpam.
the mate; four sailors, two cocks and the
*h:p « carpenter were also saved. The
yacht lf-ft Port Huron yesterday with
the family of Mr. Corrigan aboard and
starred for CJ^v^Iand. Mr. Corripan was
ill. and left by tho train. At 2 o'clock the
etorm came up and in^i-le of five minutes
the yacht sank. All the women, except
M-<=. John IVirripan and Mips Etta Corr!
gran. were in the cabin when the pale
came tip. They became panic-stricken
and refused to leave' the place. The men
implore th«m to come to the deck, but
th> y refup' v d. Mr?. John Orrisran dung
to a cork s>fa wh^n the pale carne and
wa-^ saved, '\Yh< i n rescued .aate Bi?gam
said:
"It «rae about 2:^-3 o'clock when the
Equal] struck <:f. Th^ yacht laid down on
h* 1 *- Jieani on<1s srrd tJJt water rushed
tfir^utrh the d^tidliphfs and oompanion
wavf and in ihree minuwp 5he Fank.
Mrs. Jamr? Corripan. Mt<= lea (^"rri
gan, Miss Jar.*- Corrii^an, Mrs. Charles
MIPS IDA MAY CORRIGAN. aged 15.
MISS ETTA OOBRXGANJ ajrr>d 13.
BABY BEITA.T. granddaughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Corrijran.
Mrs. John Corr!pan was the only pas
senger aboard who was saved. C. H.
caupJitT
CLEVELAND. Ohio. July 7. -The
rebooner yarht Id'^r *a.« k>st In a terrirtc
Bt< rnj fixtfcn m!!«»s off this port this aft
ernoon with six persons. all members of
the family of James r.irrig»n. a wealthy
Y^c«»>j ownw of this city. The dpad are:
MRP. JAMES rORRIGAX. wife of the
0»'lWT of the vacht.
MRS. CHARLES REILLT. aged 22,
cauphter of Mr. ami Mrs. Corrlpan.
MIS? J.OJE CORRIOAX, aged 20,
All Were Members of the Family of
James Corrigan, the Owner of
tne vesssi.
YACHT IDLER SINKS AND
SIX LIVES ARE LOST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 8, 1900.
25
4 : * -f . 4 f <? ?•
\ WEAK MEN AND WOMEN need \ \ DR. SANDEN'S ELECTBIC BELT \
\no physician to tell them that some- \ »«^!P^^^^ a "eCv'Nv \ (patentsd) is tho now generally ac-\
\ thing ails them. They know it by\ ]$&& J&v5^ \ cepted remedy for debility, nervous-V
\ the growing distaste for the daily \ t'SSs^^ ?W^A\a \ ness, rheumatism, varicocele, kidney, \
\ task and by the aches and pains\ 0te^ :^j^&~%W&^ \ liver and bladder troubles, weaknes3\
\ which proclaim the increase of debil-X *'*p|ir'^&!» *j \°* the P rostats S land and - 11 di3-\
\ ity. Easily tired, gloomy and de-\ Plz'MUr '<&— \ orders of the generative system. It\
Impressed they search eagerly for a\ i*C^f^*^^j" ' '?^ ?&?/¦*£/? \ is sg. sure a cure that I am willing to \
\ remedy, and thousands have proved\ ,/' /'M^S^^** 1 \ send any of my highest power beltsy
\ Electricity to be the only cure. Drugs \ . r\^l- ' a^^M-^S'^^-^'S \ f or ONE-HALF CASH, the balance\
Vare valueless in such cases. ElectricA . \ to be paid only when the patient i3\
\ ity insures renewed vitality. \ \ 'restored to perfect health. \
My Free Book Tells All About It. omce Hours— 9 to 6 Daily.
Or Call and See Me. 10 to t Sundays.
DR. T. A.SANDEN, 6 O'Farrell Street, San Francisco, Cal.
K A L> WAIT'S HEADY KELlKiT hj, etO0)1
< r.nv&ied beiore the public fcr ini year* as a
I»«Jn Remedy. It JnatanUy relieve, and Quickly
< -r«« all Colda. Bar* Throats. Influenza. Bron-
<j.!tJ». PneuniccUu nheuznatlsm. Neuralgia,
H«a<!acbe. Tooihacb* and all pales. Internally
Ut Uaiaxu 8X4 &U Hivtl F&ioa. All ing jlau.
Dr. Picrce's Medical Adviser, in paper
binding, free on receipt of 21 one-cent
stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Address Dr. R. V. ?;erce, Buffalo, N. Y.
"On!y for Dr. Piece's" Goldea Medical Discov-
ery I tBbdc I would be in ray grave to-day."
writes Mr. Moses Mi'.r*. of Hilliard, Cinta Co.,
W>xp=:nfr " I had asthra* so bad I could not
sleep at ir.jjht and was compelled to give up
wort. It aSccted my lunes so that I couched
all the x-mr, t/^th day and night. My friends
s'.l thought I had consumption. My wife had
takes Dr. Pierce"* Favorite Prescription, and it
had helped her *o ttinch she insisted on tay try-
ing his T,oM?a Medical Discovery '— wh:ch 1
<Jia I have taken tour bottles and am now a
well man. weichin* tK pound*, thasks to Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. I wonld
lite you to print this testimony as it may help
•ctse other poor sufferer."
Elis Wife Insisted
And be thought he'd humor her, no
doubt. The result shews that a man
rarely lofes by following his w-ife's ad-
vice. Those who suffer from obstinate
coueh, bronchitis, weak lungs and ail-
mcrts in general which tend to con-
sumption, will find speedy relief and
perfect cure in the use of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. It cures
ninety-eight per cent, of those who give
it a fair p.n<i faithful trial. It purifies
the blood, heals the lungs and builds up
the body with firm flesh instead of flabby
lat. The "Discovery" contains no alco-
hol, neither opium, cocaine, nor other
narcotics.
Telegraph Office §§*« *^ 'M^ESi^ Hl&4£&2Z3^35kXl% "^ Information
Barber shop CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Bureau> etc et&
f£lf*nn6*l*Mf*^ The b ' 1 - store se]l3 on] y the best Food Product3 and P ure nnadulterated
%J*B %M%w*Sm JC7<9p Liquors. At our regular prices prudent housekeepers can make a consid-
ff£f§BBg*ff+G ¦ ¦ erable saving. Our special quotations are eagerly watched for by thousands.
o.flf8#CSf 9m Direct Grocery Telephone 'South 59. Courteous service, prompt delivery.
Emporium Flout* — Made by tha
most modern and improved methods
and guaranteed absolutely perfect —
on special sale Monday — 5O~lh
*c *n /"* tir •» j7 1 ' tnt
Bast Eastern Rolled Oats— 10 "lbs.. 25o
Pure Leaf Lard — Cudahy's Rex Brand —
3-lb nails 35c
Fresh 'Frisco Lunch Crackers— lb.... S3
Fresh Sultana Fruit Cake— b 12t
Best Java and Mocha Coffee, the kind
that has made our Cafe so popular- 3
ibsfor $1.00
Main Floor— Rear.
H!eh-grade Familv Bleed Coffee — 4J lto
for ." St-OO
Siollwerck'i Sw eet Princess Chocolate —
half-lb cake?, regularlv 3)c— h?re
23c
V.ctory Oysters— highest standard, jast
the thing for picnic lunches — 1-lb
tins, per dozen, $1.65 f per can
15 o
D. & G. finest Imported Sardine?, Js. in
pure olive oi I — 2 tins for.. 25o
Fancy Santa C ara Prunes, 50 to 6 ) to
the lb 7c
Guaranty Brand A'a=ki Salmon — 1-1"
cans — 3 can* for..... 25o
Van Camp'a Micaroni and Cheese — 2-!b
cans — 2 can3 for 25a
Emporium Savon So3p — i high-jjrade
laundry soap — 6 bars for 25(3
Kontuoky Bourbon Whis-
key — full quart bottles — Mondav
58c
Domestic Pqrter-\w beat,
regularly S1.2S drz^n -Monday..© 3c
Z/nfandol—OuT 75: qaality — Mon-
day, gallon. 49 c
£4£ J 32, ftw A**^-
it Man d%SCm season'3 newest
designs in Silks — beautiful satin stripa
taffeta, ia
"— -^^ rich color-
\\ \ new s had*$
\^A^^*^^)''-'\«' rosa,b!net,
) /V*' "fAV^iS^* 1^ blue laven-
//AYv V v >^s\ ders), our
/ ~Ki\ ft XM"^ I regular $1.10
j yy .* ±J2 )A,I colorings ia
Viz" * _a!5^v^>/ Jacqnard
/A* 1—^K\ figured satin
f'/IV^S/Vf, 8tri P e wasb "
Vpi\*CvLi'/i able Siiks,
l /U\ \ T7 y which "a ¦
/* ' A * V^T ' a3 * co ' or3
r^> \ \\*7 (b'ue, pink
¦^ » " and o d rosa*.
These goods
will mak»
very swell shirt waiite for street or
evening wear — Monday and durins tho
week, the special price, per 73c
yard a ****
Sa'.ea Tables-Main ASsle. •
Curtains k 0^ ?^ 3
63C Pair* and their stay in
the •department w.ll be brief at these
prices:
100 pairs fine striped Serin Cnrtaisa,
with 4 - inch r* • • T "-]a&T T'"" 1
pleated ruf- ii; * ;i|p\ V-"v
fl?s. pretty I *•; l|B\..M'l ; ,
lurtain.3 for [I j n2HV\ . E
cottage win- !lj,:V V4nX$
dows full 3.'?! g .^v^
yards long, f; i'lfsic^S,
while qnan- *•;= - J ; ;|l" "x?n\
tity lasts perl j i ; ; u* — - -£ '\ \ A
v Z63ctkMH£m
50 pairs plain Swiss Cottage Curtains.
4-inch flnted rufi», 3-3 inches wide, 3
yards lonjj, very dainty bedroom Cur-
tains, while qnantity Ia3t3, pair.63O
Curtain Chains — A little lot of
2C0 pair3, worth regularly 15c, 20c
and 25c, on special sale Uosday and
during the week, per pair So
Drapery Department — Main Floor.
Richard Hudnut's
Perfumery, 39c.
The popular odors
$?1 Sappo Pink. Na-
fjjTO poleon Violets,
Sweet Orchid,-
//^V_Jj w Zanzibar Lily
T $@H*Zi''' f and Peau d"Es-
' f^S^ pagne — the 1-
?£Z£%L \ ounce bottle, tks
jT^^TON 50c sitf, on spe-
day 39C
Perfamery Department— Rotunda,
Candy in Tin Boxes
When yoa get ready to start on your
vacation let a< pack you a couple of
pound) of candy in a tight tin box
(which will keep it fresh for several
days), without ex!ra charge. Leave
your orders snd we will send yea a box
rego arly while you are away; finest
French mixed, per lb, 35c; } lbs
for - $1.00
Butterick Patterns
and Publications
for August
Are now on aa!e. The August number
of the Delineator ia prepared for
the lary days of nidsuaner. w^-ea bodily
and mental energy are at their lowest
ebb and one's chief demand is to be en-
tertained. This is a good month with
which to begin your sutscription. Price
$1.00 for an entire year — single copy
15c. Can be obtained in the "Butttrtch
Pattern Department, Main Floor \ "Z?jck
o/RjtunJj.
' M s»n-£* PnAfie Uoniav and
Lace koogs dnrin:;th - eweek
and SliltS the balance of
/ o g%fr our stock of
mJIWm Cimbric, Swi?s
and Nainsook R>bes; L3C9 Spangled zn\
Net Suits; good.* that have been selling
from $10.00 to $42.50 will be offered at
one-half regular prices.
$10 Robe3 and Suits for $5*O**
$15 Robe? and Suit! for....S7.5O
$20 Rjbes and Suits fr..5/O.OO
EC. E:c, Etc.
Lace Department— Main Floor.
$1.50 „«.
Gloves OjKjJFSfe
Go for
We have 500 pairs V^*^ "^S
of 2-clasp P. K. <2l « >
. Kid Gloves, made ' /v*~/
to sell for $1.50 V^^^fe^^^.
per pair; all sizes 1 /^^^^^r~y
from 5J to 7, iImy%K
but not al! colors JJ J VVo
in the lot, so on / \J/ \
Monday and dur- ' '
ing the week the price to 00
close will b» OSJC
Sales Tabl*s-»-Maln Aisle.
Bleached Fow
Sheeting, 22lc ZV l
the be3t makes of Btandard bleached
10-4 sheeting will be placed on speciil
sale all this week; :uliy 93inchfs wide,
round thread, excellent wearing quali-
ties — the very special price ****%,
per yard 7£7£^C
Ribbons »„*
¦Roduo*d%X*
large lot of th's season's high-
class Fancy Ribbons at less than
half their actual value—
Lot f— Consist* of 60} yards of 41-
inch Persian Fancy Ribbon, worth 50c
per yard, in a good asfortment of
co'or effects — the reducjd mo
price S 9C
Lot 2- Consists of 700 yard? of 4J-
incb, heavy, al!-3ilk, Jacqaard-weave,
Fancy ribbon, all co!ors, 50c valu?,
the reduced price per yard... m r%
I%jC
Lot 3— Consists of 450 yards solid
color Bayadere Fancy Ribbons, . 3
inches wide, almost all co'ors; regular
valne 35c per yard — the re- m r%
duced pries .. I0C
Sales Tables— Main Aisle.
Torchon ?r - a ' ne En^h ?° r -
_ jm chon Lac?; more
L3.Ce 4Ci than 60 different
patterns, in widths from 2 to 4 ir.che?,
edgings and insertions to match many
of them; 5000 yards, not one niece of
which i3 worth Ies3 than Sc, and
Eome of them 33 high as lCc a yard —
offered Monday and during the jm
week at nrf?
Bales Tables— Main Aisle.
To bid ihe balance of certain lines of summer goods a hurried good-by we put our hands
in our pockets and sacrifice profits. We could never hope to retain your confidence
if we carried goods from one season to ihe next This is a week of Extraordinary
Bargains. . ,
Ladies' Beits
Haif Price.
400 cf the etyli3h Zaza Belts— made of tbe
best qual- y^ 3 "^.
ity double- /^"^m
faced £i*/f»
satin rib- Jt&
bon, fully >SL^tI
boned, ia /^'*tit}>^r&J/
all the new /^FJ^P^%^
colors— no J&/&%K^- '••//
black — as- ;4 v l j//- '
eorted <£4tr x
sizes; a so * ~~f, ..T '.'-O^gi j>
our com- vj^-Z^^-x*^
p!ete lino of real Seal and Morocco
Do<j Collar Belts in extra qualities
regular price from 7cc to $2.50 each
— on special sale Monday and daring
the week,
, Half Price.
Sales Tables— Main Aisle.
Wash Goods—
Reduced Prices.
Piques — Morclay and daring the
week, while quantity lasts, 2500 yard3
cf Colored and White Pique*. The
Colored Piques are heavy fabric? in
desirable striped effects that were
20c per yard; the White Piques are In
a neat, medium siz?, fancy cro33 welt.
All new and seasonable. The +f%g%
reduced price— per yard MUG
Japanese Crepes- Out be3t
grade of Imported Japanese Crepes,
the 2:"c a ya-c* kind; only 330 vards
left — on special sale this mn~
week MC
Printed Dress Goods —^A
new production
\j?Q ln r ' c^y color-
~^y^^g ed corded Ba-
j«^__^~<M^^3 tiste;oneof the
J|1|| V «V ! X!;V^? prettiest and
f8S?i' * nia terial3 — our
WSSk^jpZi >)$ge£^ entire 20c per
f$§§§§5-;^Vy \\ yard line on
"— —^"~"l fJ I^i j special sa'e dur-
t ~~ 4 L T ing tbe coming
If ' ¦ week at 4#]l
1 22C
Wash Crepons — The genuine
woven Crepon?, ia mercerized silk
stripes and open work weave; a splen-
did 30c value; rednod for *%*%
this we?k — ner vard ZOC
Mercerized Oxford — The
real double thread Oxford and Bourett
Z?phyrs. po'ka dot and neat check ef-
fec's. worth 35c and 40c a yard — the
600 yards that are left on ">*»
special sale this week J£?&C
Embroidered Waist Flan-
nels — Tne real Twill French Flan-
nels, with neat silk embroidered dot;
veiy stylish for wai3ts; our g*g%
$1 peryari value — this week OOG
Go-Garts
$3.50 Each.
Go-Cart as & 1 ' jf^
nishei reed S fjl
body, tinned uffiTl'ffl
Bteel wheels c! flHJJj
proof hubs,
with 3 stout \ m j^^ /^
foot brake a
wel made, serviceable
Cart — our price
Others f>om $3.50 to $15.00.
Ideal Reclining Go-Garts—
B :ck can be placed at any angle — has
movab'e foot rest — several styles
langingin price from
$6,50 to $15,00
'Babv Carrijg?s from
?3-75 to $35.00.
Carriage Department— Second Floor.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Boys' Good Clothes Don't Cost so
Very Much Here*
Some stores make as much on one sale as we do on two, yet it is quite probable
that we make more in the end than they dc — more customers anyhow. Our
Children's Cloihing Department is one of the most completely stocked and
best appointed sections of the big store. Pretty novelties are shown by us as
soon as designed by the Eastern manufacturers.
4TT\ 4^^!5k Blue Serge Sailor Suits— Four new
(M^Jjza? T^T^*^ styles for bojs 3 to 10 years of age, made of
p~$ij * / "^"r S/^ a £ 00^ all-wool Blue Serge, trimmed
['•? I %~y*§ VJLi w '^ h an dsome silk braid in various colors;
v$S2^v l^ v |jf ssm^/E^*^ these suits will compare favorably with any
/tf$~$^W\ vfcC (i&^StfiK $6-50 suits you have ever bought for your
/^^W^'i V% (^v^^^^ F If l^ii^%k. y —^ e *" g store ' 3 P" ce • • • $5*00
/''/£¦. K :PoHiv.:: hSv^tWlk WvA W^W^ik Vestee Suits— For boys 3 to 10 years
WM\ 0*£ ??!\ M^^^m ' Ml wi&S? of age; the suit con3ists of a little J acke ? with
Wjii •¦;:• - ; ~* ¦'¦ // yf^Mw^^^ii F4'l-M:^/^ a coatl collar, fancy silk vest, embroiclereil
? fl§S/ w Wr%$Wrl~~- shields, trousers trimmed at the knee with
|?ii -^'^ifii A^i J pl^s^^S Pi^i^ braid and buckle; fancy wool fabrics and blue
V '<u.ii * ;*rL^- — -^( *W$$/ Zs serges in all shades are the materials used for
li^<A'M7 f Bs®cir $1 ?S1 >- these suit3 » which should be S^.OO and S6.50 —
VM U^J H^\ the big; store's r-rice. . ..$3.95 and $5.00
\4] llW iilPiir ~~~^ \W- \l ' Boys' Two-PiecQ Suits— Several tables
— 7?*] ""(^ ' ' l^^^^ • '1 J u " °f new styles — double-breasted coats and
• ![{:; lj|j \ !^i rl fl^ lr^ knee pants — iuit3 for all ages from 8 to 16
i| &» /_ = __ Y^l VJ Q#w*^- years and guaranteed the best values obtain-
jff II 111 &**~~ able at the prices $2,45 to $7,50
0&^T J& T 'W' Boys' All' Wool Knee Pants
50c 9 75c and $1 ,00
ADVERTISEMENTS.B. T. Bulmer. K. H. Dodd. C. B Brit
tain and William Pfggott Cronln of tr-a
United States navy arrived at the Occi
dental last evening. They are en route to
join t.ncle Sam's squadron In Chlne«a
J. L. Seward, M. D., of Orange N J
accompanied by his ton and daughter Is
registered at the California.
Captain R. H. Gait Is a guest of the Oc
cidental.
Dr. C. L. Guild of Palo Alto is regis
tered at the California.
Railroad Commissioner Edson Is regis
tered at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. V. S. McClatchy of Sacra
mento are at the California.
Personal mention.
Wit and Wisdom, Without Wicked
ness, in Dumas' "Marriage of
Convenience."
To-morrow evening ushers In a new de
parture at the Columbia Theater or
rather a turning, back of the "time ma-
Chine" to the period of the pompadour ol
powder, puff ard patches; of weary old
Louis XIV which*is to say that Henry
Miller and his clever company will appear-
In Sydney Grundy's brilliant adaptation ot
Dumas play "A Marriage of Convenience"
during the coming week.
A charming ccmedy of manners, clothed
in the picturesque costume of the seven
tCe H nt^,, C t1" t V ry >, I phra f ed ln the dlficate
and courtly fashion of the time, full, in-
F a re , nch 7 1 } and wisd om. without
wickedness, is a fair enough characteriza
tion orN A Marriage of Convenience***
\\hen the play was produced by Mr. Mil
iL n £L BaWwIn Theater two seasons
™S 5 ecelV S? ,^ y press an(1 P ublic
with marked cordiality, and. indeed if
wo^th°"eeinK a series ol Pictures It is well
roi'i'T nas . a role In the Comte de
S?»« ' « I h t as made the mariage de
i«vJ e S *; but ,,discovers that he is in
Ifr\?i TJV S Wi $ c when the ever-useful
prod of Jealousy is applied. The role af
ih o til?? le opportunity for the display of
?Uf «« a L 8 admirable versatility, and with
£ e ri h H ? entl «nen of the cast the Comte
«n Fifii win c °mpete with the ladies
?,?rr,« elr , T own ground in splendor of cos
rimto« M a J Ba Z et „ An S l «n will play the
Corntesse de Candale and Miss Margaret
Dale the Franch maid, through
r£2?« the unconscious lovers
Th« ™£ Ons <. cl .°iJ Isness of thelr condition.
£ mniH* tn e cast will, not be lacking
whoT P th^ t"h P the thor ? u Phly sufficient
7Jm?i£. at * the P? rson nel of the company
Implies, and special scenery and appoint-
THE MILLER COMPANY
IN POWDER AND PATCHES
VESTERDAT was the people's day
among the pictures at the . Mark
II Hopkins Institute of Art and the
gallery was crowded, as usual.
It cannot be too well known that the
only gallery San Francisco possesses Is
open to the public on the first Friday In
each month— twelve times a year, that Is
—"free, gratis, for nothing." A dozen
times a year the picture hungry popu
lace may glut themselves upon the old
masters and mistresses up at "the Hop
kins" for a whole afternoon. If they have
the necessary leisure.
"Free Friday" is always appreciated to
the extent of from 1000 to almost 4000 vis
itors, and if every Friday were free there
is good reason to believe that the same
number of people would attend weekly.
This month's changes In the gallery
are, principally, the resurrection from
the billiard room below stairs of a couple
large Thomas Hills, now placed in the
new exhibition room, an unimportant but
pretentious, botanical arrangement by
Meyer Straus and a new picture by R. D.
f n a "April Showers" Is seen Mr. Tel
land's latest manner, in- which the last
five years has seen such remarkable
change:- "April Showers" Is one of the
best pictures that has yet come from the
clever brush of this painter; worthy In
subject, happy In composition, clean and
fresh in color, and treated In a free, un
labored fashion. »
More than a thousand visitors saw tno
pictures yesterday. ;
PEOPLE'S DAY AT
THE ART GALLERY
merits have been prepared for the »t«glng
Next week "The LJars" will be present
ed, and the following week the piece da
resistance of the engagement. "The Only
been elected for the ensuing term. This
will take place on the nth Inst. in the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' building.
Following the Installation ceremonies
there will be a programme of entertain
ment.
There are reasons to believe the Morocco problem
is now engaging the attention of the Governments of
the three powers, and that it will be brought up for
settlement before long. Spain has now hardly any
colonies left and would gladly take over the whole of
this bone of contention rather than to have the French
and British fight about it. Nobody appears ready to
champion the right of the Moors to 'independence.
The only question is that of a division of the spoils,
and consequently when the war clouds" on the horizon
are being noted, that hanging over Morocco must be
counted in.
Wherever there is a controversy there is always
somebody around with a suggestion of compromise.
In the present case the suggesters have a plan which if
carried out will give something to everybody con
cerned except the Moors. The plan is to give Great
Britain a port opposite Gibraltar, to give Spain all
the remainder of the Morocco coast line with a terrU
tory running^ back to a distance to be agreed upon
hereafter, while the bulk of the country is to be turned
over to France, to be controlled, cultivated and civil
ized. /
The present disturbance is the outgrowth of a
French railway enterprise^. The road has' been ex
tended into a district which the Moors claim to be
theirs. The claim could be very easily settled by
France if Spain and Great Britain would give her a
free hand. Morocco would be promptly annexed as
a French province and then the railway projectors
would have no more trouble. As it is, there has been
much trouble. The. Moors have been fighting and
rioting and threatening war, and France has had to
exercise a good- deal of diplomacy to keep the peace
until after the exposition is over.
Morocco is one of those decadent states whose
proximity to civilized nations renders their decay a
matter of moment to the world at large. It adjoins
the possessions of France in Algiers and in the Sa
hara. It is opposite the coast of Spain and has long
been coveted by that power. It is separated from
Gibraltar T>y a narrow channel and a portion of it has
been under the watchful eye of Great Britain for a
long time. Thus three nations are standing around
waiting forVi opportunity to take up the white man's
burden in Morocco, and the prospects are there will
be a crisis there before long which will compel one
among them, if not all three, to take action.
HE who would keep watch upon all the danger
points of the world just now must not overlook
Morocco. War is not raging there as in South
Africa, nor is there any widespread insurrection and
fighting, as in China. Neither is the situation like that
in the Philippines. Nevertheless, there is a problem
in Morocco and the forces now trying to solve it may
have a fight over it before this time next year.
THE MOROCCO PROBLEM.
At this time Pope was almost Insanely
in love with another's man's wife. Lady
Mary Wortley Montagu, and, while her
husband was Minister to Constantinople,
Pope wrote her letters that were mad, If
not maddening. He said to her:
"There is not a day in which your figure
does not appear before me, your conversa
tion return to my thoughts, and every
scene, place or action where I have en-
Joyed them are as livellly painted as an
imagination equally warm and tender can
be capable to represent them."
Most of the love letters that have come
down to us in literary history are written
in sadness by lovers whose recompense
has been denied to them. Take one, for
example, the last that was written by
Farquhar, the playwright, to Mrs. Old
field, the actress. Mrs. Oldfleld had played
fast and loose with his passion for years.
In the end she coldlj- chose another and a
wealthier alliance. This Is Mb letter:
"Madam: 'Tls a sad misfortune to be
gin a letter with an adieu. If there be
that man upon earth that can merit your
esteem I pity him— for an obligation too
great for a return must, to any generous
goul, be very uneasy— though I still envy
his misery. May you be as happy,
madam, in the enjoyment of your desire,
as I am miserable in the disappointment
of mine; and, as the greatest blessing of
"You are to understand, madam, that
my passion for your fair self and sister
has been divided with the most wonder
ful regularity in the world. Even from
Infancy I have been in love with one after
the other of you, week by week. • • •
This Information will account for my
writing to either of you hereafter, as
either shall happen to be queen regnaut
at that time.
He begins the following letter to Ther
esa Blount, Bister of Martha, his other
sweetheart, by professing love for both
in these words:
surance not only to fall in love
and write love letters, but to fall in love
with three women at once, and to write
to all of them at the same time. Worse
still, two of the three were sisters, and
are supposed to have compared notes.
SV-* OST of the great writers of Eng
f|| llsh have been great writers of
111 love letters. Even Alexander
I*! Pope, little, weazened, deformed
' \ manikin that he was, had the as-
Fnvi e «, th i? n a "ythlng else how Intense a
loye of beauty he meant to express by
this line. In one letter he says:
"\\ hy may I not speak of your beautv
since without that I could never have
loved you. I cannot conceive of anvbe
ginning of such a love as I have for you
fn U r~M U >, ty - JK here W be a sort & love
for which without the least sneer at it I
haye the highest respect and can admi'ro
I , t -i 1 \h the i!7 l - But u !t P a3 not the richness
and the bloom, the full form or the en
chantment of love after my own heart.
So let me speak of your beauty, thou-h
to me endangering, if you cou d be so
cruel as to try elsewhere its power "
In another letter he says:
"All I can bring you 1 3 a swooning ad
miration of your beauty. • • • I have
two luxuries to brood over in my walkV
your loveliness and the hour of my death
Oh that I could have possession of them
both in the same minute! I hate th"
world. It batters too much the wlntrs of
my self-will, and would I could take a
out 6et f I f >l » On from your llps to 8end mo
In another he says:
u. 1 v hav , e w had a thousand kisses, for
which with my whole soul I thank vou;
but if you should deny me the thousand
and first it would put me to the proof
through " Sreat * xnlsery 2 could live
Perhaps the saddest of all letters that
we know are those written by Man- TToll
h«°.? e i c r t a »f Vh GI !* bert J. mIay ' whlle »he«st 1
hoped that his desertion of her might be
merely temporary. There is space for but
a single extract.
"I have just received your kind and ra
tional letter, and would fain hide my face
K owing with shame for my folly. I would
hide it in your bosom if you would again
open it to me. nestle closely till you bid
my fluttering heart be still by sayine that
you forgave me. With eyea overflowing
with tears and in the humblest attitude I
entreat you. Do not turn from me. For
Indeed. I love you fondly and have been
wretched since the night I was so cruelly
hurt by thinking that you had no confi
dence in me. • « « God blesp you mr
love. Do not shut your heart against a
return to tenderness; as I now in fancy
cling to you. be more than ever my sup-
POI V £ eel but as affectionate when you
read this letter as I did writing It, and
you will make me happy. Tour
After all. is there anything In this wortd
sadder than love letters, seeing how often
the love that they appeal to grows cold?
your life, may the person you most de
sire love you as sincerely and as pas
sionately as he whom you scorn."
Richard Steele'3 letter? had a genuine
ring of love In them. Here Is one writ
ten to Mary Scurloek:
"With what language shall I address
my lovely fair, to acquaint her with the
sentiments of a heart she delights to tor
ture? I have not a minute's quiet out of
your sight, and when I am with you. you
use me with so much distance that I am
still in a state of absence, brightened
with a view of the charms which I am de
nied to approach. In a word, you must
give me either a fan, a mask or a glove
~j'ou have worn, or I cannot live. Other
wise you must expect that I will kiss your
hand, or, when I next sit by you, steal
your handkerchief. You yourself are too
great a bounty to be received at once.
Therefore I must' ba prepared by degrees
lest the mighty gift distract me with
joy."
In another letter he says:
"It is the hardest thing in the world to
be in love and yet attend to business. As
for me, all who speak to me find It out.
and I must lock myself up or other peo
ple will do It for me. A gentleman asked
me this morning, 'What news from Lis
bon?' I answered, 'She is exquisitely
handsome.' "
L.ove did not die during the honeymoon
for long after she became his wife Steele
wrote:
"Dear Prue— I write in obedience to
what you ordered me. But there are not
words to express the tenderness I have
for you. Love is too harsh a word for it:
but if you knew how my heart aches when
you speak an unkind word to me, and
springs with joy when you smile upon
me. I am sure you would place your glory
rather in preserving my happiness like a
good wife than tormenting me like a pee
vish beauty. Good Prue. write me word
you shall be overjoyed at my return to
you, and pity the awkward figure I make
when I pretend to resist you by eomplv
ing always with the reasonable demands
of your enamored husband.
"RICHARD STBEL.E."
Here is another:
"Dear Prue— I am very sleepy and tired,
but cannot think of closing my eyes till I
have told you I am, dearest creature,
your most tender and affectionate' hus
band. RICHARD STEELE."
Keats' greatest line, as everybody
kno*ws. was the oft-quoted one:
"A thing of beauty is a joy forever."
His letters to Fanny. Brawne indicated
Those are the tickets the people may consider for
amusement and curiosity, for on June 9 there as
sembled at Philadelphia a convention representing
American prosperity and patriotism. It nominated
McKinley and Roosevelt. That is the ticket to stay
by and vote for. It is the one that ought to win and
will win.
On May 9 the Middle-of-the-Roaders met at Cin
cinnati and confirmed the nominations made at a pre
vious convention last fall, thus putting into the field
with a double send-off Wharton Barker of Pennsyl
vania and Ignatius Donnelly of Minnesota, On the
same day the fusion Populists met at Sioux Falls and
nominated Bryan and Towne. That ticket is already
gone, Bryan having been taken by the Democrats and
Mr. Towne when last seen was on a toboggan slide.
On June 28 the Prohibitionists met at Chicago and
nominated J. G. Woolley for President and H. B.
Metcalf for Vice President, thus giving Woolley an
equal show with Harriman.
On Mayday, while the people generally were on the
picnic grounds frolicking in jocund exuberance over
the return of gentle spring, there assembled at Rock
Island a convention representing the "United Chris
tian party." It nominated Rev. S. C. Swallow of
Pennsylvania for President and John G? Woolley of
Illinois for Vice President. This coincidence of a
swallow coming in with the spring may be more for
tunate than the programme for putting up Bryan on
the Fourth of July. It will at least bceak an old
proverb, for no one ran hereafter say that one swal
low did not make a spring — at the Presidency.
Should neither of .those tickets satisfy the demand
there is still another of the social kind to be consid
ered. Last May a convention of what are known as
"De Leon Socialists" was held in New York City
and Joseph F. Maloney of Massachusetts was nomi
nated for President, with Valentine Remmill of Penn
sylvania for Vice President. Whether there will be
any further socialist nominations made is not certain,
but as there are one or two socialists who have not
been nominated for anything yet, it is quite possible
they may meet and draw straws for head and tail of
another ticket.
Up to date the nominations stand thus: The So
cialist Labor party last January nominated Job Har
riman of California for President and Max S. Hayes
of Ohio for Vice President. That ticket was not suf
ficiently radical for some of the elements that were
expected to support it, and accordingly they met at
Indianapolis in" March and under the title "Social
Democrats" nominated Eugene V. Debs of .Indiana
for President and Harriman for Vice President. Later
on efforts were made to harmonize the two parties
and bring about a union, but it does not appear that
a harmqpized ticket has been put forth; so the two
stand, and Mr. Harriman of California has a chance
to be elected President on one ticket or Vice Presi
dent on the other, as the people may choose.
ALTHOUGH the Popu1is#^and the Silver Re
publicans have fused completely with the
Democrats this year, and thereby put into the
field only one ticket where there should have been
three, the citizen who likes a variety to choose from
has no reason to be discontented with the situation.
There are already plenty of tickets in the field to sat
isfy a diversity of tastes, even should the Gold Dem
ocrats decide not to nominate any successor to the
gallant old ticket of Palmer and Buckner.
THE PRESIDENTIAL TICKETS.
SUNDAY JULY 8, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
WkiL.ICA.TlOX OFFICE..Mnrket and Tbird. S. B".
Telephone l»re«i« SOX.
EDITORIAL 21O0MS 217 to 221 SteveMOB St.
Telephone PreM 202.
Delivered t»y Carrier*. IS Cent* Per, Week.
Single Coplri«, 5 Cent*.
Term* br Mall. Including Fostajret
pAttT CALL. (Including Sunday), one year M-*
CAILT CALL. (Including Sunday). 6 months ».•«
PA1LY CALL. (Including Sunday), S month* 1-50
DAILY CALU-By Slr«l# Month ~ ¦»«
PUKDAT CALL Ore Year ~ *-*J
VEESLT CALL. Cn« Tear *- og
All p<MUna«tera ar« «»itlior**e«l to reoelTe
<»rfln>orli»tlon«.
f«^ r J. ocplt* will be rcrvrarded when reqoeite*.
%f«n subscriber* In ordering change of a£drea« «hoold b«
parUoulor to &¦*¦» bota NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In crCer
to tssur* a prompt «ad correct oomplla&c« with their reqti««t
oiKiAxn OFFICE ....1118 Bro»d*ra»
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
«<£«£« -Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lcre Slatanc* Trtepboa* ••Central IC13.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON..^........ «..- Henid Square
ICEW TORK REPRESEHTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Trlbone Building
CHICAGO NTTWB STANDS:
Cbrnns Hocse: P. O. »nri Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Tncaoot Ucsk; Auditorium BoteL
NEW TOaK NEWS STANDS:
'WtfOorf-Actorla Hotel; A. Breatano, XI tfcloa 6qi:*r«:
Vim-ay HC1 BoteL _________ •
WASHINGTON ID. C) OFFICE .. Wellington Hoto.
MORTON £. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRA\r>» OFFICES-5n Monts-omerr. corner of Clay. op»n
cctU t:W o'clock. ICO Hayes, open until 1:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open oatll 1:33 o'clock. €15 Lcrkln. open until
1:30 o'clock. ;M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. CGI Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 10»« Valencia, open
until * o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
cer Twenty-* econd and Kentucky, open until 8 o'clock.
THE CHINESE CRISIS.
THE news of slaughter at Peking introduces the
acute stage of the Chinese question. It is time
for China and the United States to face the facts
involved in' their relations. The other nations con
cerned, with the possible exception of Great Britain,
i will pass the fiery cross and make ready for war and
I conquest. They want to make an end of the Chinese
¦ polity. They want to destroy a Government that was
I old before the races that compose their population
had been on earth. The provocation for this is found,
ready at hand, in the fearful events in Peking. These
are to the rest of the world what the destruction of the
I Maine was to the United States. Treaties have been
j violated and acts have been committed which Govem
i merits are expected to prevent and not connive at-
As far as our relations are concerned, China and
the United States have learned that, while Govern
ments may make treaties, they are worthless unless the
people observe them faithfully. Americans should
cultivate tolerance of spirit and not begin nagging
their Government into war, as they did in the Maine
affair. The people of this country have not observed
our various treaties with China. The prejudice of
race among us is stronger than the obligations of na
tional honor. We don't like the Chinese, and we for
bid their presence in certain places under penalty of
death. That penalty has been enforced in California.
Wyoming and Colorado. Yet in each place where
Chinese have been killed or have been forbidden to
come their treaty rights run, and under our agreement
with China they have the right to be there and to be
protected. We don't keep the agreement, and the
people of China violate it also. We are not unmind
ful of the exceeding gravity of the slaughter of a for
eign Minister in the country to which he is accred
ited. Yet diplomatic representatives have been assas
sinated before, and in Europe, so that an old chapter
in history is simply being extended, and a new one
is not being written. We kill coolies, but there are
circumstances under which an American mob would
not distinguish between a Chinese coolie and a Chi
urse Minister or Consul. The Chinese mob has re
fused to distinguish one foreigner from another, and
has murdered Ministers and missionaries, impartially.
We can afford to use our power, therefore, to prevent
what the other nations want to do in China. They
are not cast down by what has happened, for it is
nothing to them, one member of their diplomatic
corps, more or less, compared to satisfying their rage
for conquest and territory. \
The United States can afford to speak in the voice
of reason, and with deliberation. China owes indem
nity to the nations and must be compelled to pay it,
even at the cost of a war waged by all the Govern
ments concerned, including our own. But the pur
pose of such war must be agreed in the beginning,
and that agreement must be kept. The Chinese polity
must not be disturbed. Its administration may be re
formed, under guarantees exacted by the allied na
tions, but in those guarantees the rights of China must
be respected. '
Let it be understood now that we cease to expect
for Americans in China any different treatment than
that we give to Chinese in America. Let this prin
ciple govern the other nations. Also, let it be under
stood that the secular Governments of the world have
110 right whatever to put their power into what is
called the evangelizing of China. That scheme is pre
posterous. The different sects of the Christian church
have fought each other ever since the feud of Arius
and Athanasius. The lives sacrificed in these dis
putes run into the millions. Now, since the different
sects of Christianity are not able to agree among
themselves, why should they expect secular protec
tion in carrying their disagreements to the people
called pagan? That part of the situation in th« East
is exasperating. The Chinese know that there is one
kind of Buddhism, and one kind of Taoism, and one
kind of Confucianism. They know also, historically
and by current experience, that these were propa
gated among them, not by attacking each other, but
by each presenting its own merits as the rule of life
and guide to conduct. They fail to comprehend why
many varieties of Christianity come among them, at
tacking each other and all attacking the placid and
peaceful religions and philosophies long domesticated
among them.
The situation enforces the wisdom of confining the
relations of secular Governments to secular affairs
entirely, and keeping them out of the spiritual mat
ters of the people. Had this been practiced in China
the Boxers would not have banded together, the for
eign legations would not have been murdered and
war would not have been turned loose.
THE FIGHT FOR PROSPERITY.
BY the action taken at Kansas City all the ele
ments of discontent in the country have been
virtually united in opposition to the Republi
can partj'. its candidates and its policies. It is true
there are several other tickets representing small
bodies of the people in the field, but these will have lit
tle or no effect on the result. The fight is that of the
party of prosperity against a combination whose
power is formidable, and it behooves Republicans and
z\\ voters who have a. stake in the business welfare of
the country to avoid the folly of underrating the
Etrcr.gth of the opposition. It is no easy victory that
awaits. There must be unity, energy and organiza
tion on the side of the supporters of Republicanism
to combat the banded forces of discontent.
The fight is going to be waged in California by
the Bryanites with a zeal that will show no flagging
from start to finish. No prospect of .success is to be
*cen by them in any of the States east of the
Alleghanies, and consequently their main efforts will
be made to carry the States of the Mississippi Valley
ar.d of the Great West. Here then is to be the scene
cf the hardest part of the struggle. Every resource of
Bryanism will be exerted to carry California for
Eryan electors and for Bryan candidates for Congress.
These efforts can be baffled and beaten if the Repub
licans do their iull duty, but not otherwise. The
party at this juncture cannot spare from the ranks of
its workers a single man capable of combating dis
content and exerting a helpful influence on the side
of prosperity and good government.
To the Republicans of San Francisco the issue is
cne of especial importance. Republicanism in this
city is confronted by the double menace of vigorous
foes on the outside and corrupt bosses from the gin
mills seeking to obtain power within. Both dangers
rr.U5t be squarely met and firmly faced. Every good
Republican should take part in the organizations of
the party and do earnest work for the victory which is
«o essential to national welfare.
The supreme issue is the preservation of the exist
ing prosperity of the people. The menace of Bryan
ism is the most portentous that has threatened the
republic since the outbreak of secession in i860. It
represents every faction of industrial, commercial and
financial discontent. It aims a blow at every indus
try, every trade, every contract It does more and
¦worse. It assails the financial honor of the nation it
celf, and if successful would bring upon the country
a calamity so appalling that the worst days of the
panic and depression brought about by the free trade
tariff would $cem like good times by comparison.
No intelligent observer can doubt that the con
tinuance of prosperity is dependent upon the con
tinuance in office of the party whose policies have
built up prosperity. The people who are opposed to
the administration are opposed also to the'protective
tariff, to sound money, to the impartial enforcement
of law, and to the whole well ordered system of gov
ernment that has brought tht- prosperity of this year
out of the evil conditions that prevailed in 1896. A
change in the government of the republic by the sub
stitution of Bryan for McKinley would mean disas
ters to every interest and ruin to thousands of now
prosperous people.
This is no time to take chances. It is no time for
any good citizen to give all his energies to his private
business and leave others to attend to public duties.
I*, is no time to indulge a feeling of. indifference as to
the outcome of the contest. The. danger is imminent.
Action is imperative. The nation, expects California
to support McKinley, and California counts upon
every Republican in her borders to do a true and
loyal citizen's full share in saving her and the nation
from the threatened blight of Bryamsm.
The voters of Alameda County arc presenting a
curious monopoly. Nearly all of them enjoy. thor
oughly a political scrap, and more than half of them
are in danger of being disfranchised because of their
neglect to register. v
THE COAST ROAD GAP.
1 \EPORTS that the gap in the coast line of the
I— J Southern Pacific road, between Surf and Ell
* . wood, will be soon completed will be received
by the public with -something of hopefulness and
much of incredulity. It has been years and years
since the company obtained rights of way across the
gap, under a promise of constructing the road "at
once." During that time the promise has been re
peated about twice every year. Each winter has
brought an assurance that the line would be open
"next fall," and each summer has been warmed by
assertions that it would be completed "next spring."
As a result of these repeated promises and disappoint
ments there was at one time a very interesting dis
cussion between one of the gentlemen who had given
liberally for. the right of way and Mr. Huntington,
and it was then stated by Mr. Huntington that he was
eager to complete the line and would do so about as
soon as his partners would let him. Now the part
ners are out, and the promise of speedy completion
comes forward promptly. u
Despite the disappointments of the past there are
good reasons for believing that at last the expecta
tions of the public arc to be realized. Reports state
that the tracks laid southerly from Surf and north
erly from Ellwood are now only fifteen miles apart.
It can hardly take even Mr. Huntington a year to lay
that much of track for the benefit of California. In
fact, it is stated that the present rate of construction
is such the completion of the line may be expected
*vithin sixty days. Our reports of yesterday add:
•;The equipment department is prepared to do its
share in opening up the new line, -and unless there
should be some unforeseen delay in starting the trains,
due to managerial policy,. the people of Santa Bar
bara should be afforded the long-deferred opportun
ity to hold the great railroad celebration in a few
weeks. It has long been intended that this jubilee
shall be one of the greatest ever held in the State."
The importance of the opening of the coast road
Is such as to merit the grandest celebration the peo
ple of Santa Barbara and the coast counties generally
may give it. The fact that it will provide a shorter,
quicker and pleasanter route from San Francisco to
Los Angeles is itself a matter of no little moment,
but that is by no means the main advantage that will
result. San Francisco and Los Angeles have man
aged to get along without the road and could con
tinue to do so. Its. chief value lies in the fact that it
ojjens' up the coast counties to through travel, and
With the opening of that through line the attention
of the State will be next directed to the need of a
line along the northern coast to open up the rich
territory around Humboldt. There is a chance for
something like a boom in tltat country as soon as an
adequate railway transportation is. provided. Such
a line is needed in the railway system of the State,
and it is reasonable to expect it will be provided in the
near future.
will greatly promote their development along all lines
of industry for which they are adapted. The benefits
resulting arc sure to be great, and the whole State
will profit by them.
TELE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JEXY 8, 1900
A Public Installation.
Rincon Parlor No. 72, N. S. G. ¦W.,,has
made elaborate arrangements for the pub
lic Installation of its officers who have
' 5 ¦..¦..-'*" *
U. the Democrats who are condemning the results
of the Kansas City convention were, to pool their
opinions it is safe to say that every proceeding in the
convention would receive : representation.
"You say she only partly returned your
affection?" . ¦
"Yes, and that s what I'm grumbling
about. She returned all the love letters,
but retained all the Jewelry.' -
Partial Reciprocation.
26
Dumas Pere: His Dramatic Life and Work
Bv L. Du Pont Syle.
DUMAS pere is known to most peo
ple only as the author of the 232 vol
umes of romance that include "The
Count of Monte Cristo." "The
Three Musketeers" and their miles
of sequel. Yet this enormous mass repre
sents only a portion— the largest, it is
true— of Dumas' activity. He is 1 also the
author of no less than twenty-five vol
umes of dramatic pieces, the best of
which, "Un Mariage Sous Louis XV."
will be presented at the Columbia Theater
to-morrow night "in a version by Sidney
Grundy entitled "A Marriage of Conven
ience." In this connection it may be not
uninteresting to give some little account
of Dumas' life and work up to the time
he produced this comedy -(1S41).
The grandfather of Alexander Dumas
was a French Marquis, his grandmother
a Santo Domingo negress. His father,
commonly known as General Dumas, dis
tinguished himself In the Austrian cam
paign of 1798 and wan presented to the
Directory by Napoleon as "the Horatius
Codes of the Tyrol." But his ardent re
publicanism lost him the favor of the
First Consul, who would give him no com
mand and even allowed him to die In pov
erty (1S07).
Alexander Dumas (born In 1S03) would
nothing of books in his youth and at 20
found himself possessed of little but the
regard of two or three old friends of his
father's, a fine physique and a good hand
writing. <These qualifications were suffi
cient to procure him a clerkship of $240 a
year in the bureau of the Due d'Orleans.
His days he spent in copying letters and
a large portion of his nights In removing
those deficiencies in his education of
which he had tardily become thoroughly
ashamed. "It was divine, these feverish
vigils," he tells us In his "Memoirs," "that
I acquired the habit (never lost) of night
work, which renders my labors incompre
hensible to my friends, for they cannot
guess at what hour nor In what time
I accomplish my toil. This interior life,
which escaped all notice, lasted three
years without leading to any result. I
produced nothing; I felt no need to pro
duce. I followed with a certain curiosity
the theatrical works of the day, in their
failures or in their successes, but as I
sympathized neither with the dramatic
construction nor with the dialogue of this
kind of work I felt dimply incapable of
producing anything like it without know
ing that anything else existed. About this
time some English actors arrived in Paris.
I -had never read a single piece of a for
rign dramatic literature. They announced
'Hamlet'; I knew only that of Duels; I
went to see Shakespeare's. Suppose a blind
rr.a*n to whom sight has been restored,
who discovers a world of which he had no
conception; suppose Adam awaking after
his creation. . . . Oh, that's what I was
looking for."
Dumas' dramatic Instinct, thus aroused,
sought expression, not In a tragedy as he
would have liked, but in a vaudeville, as
his lack of pence compelled. The first piece
he had acepted (Theatre de l'Ambigu, 1825)
was entitled "La Chasse et l'Amour." For
this he received the magnificent royalty
of SO cents per night, a similar sum go
ing to each of his collaborateurs, Leuven
and Rousseau.- Encouraged by this suc
cess, he wrote another vaudeville, "La
Noce et l'Enterrement" (with Vulpian and
Lassagne). for which he received $1 20 per
night. On the strength of this he sent for
his mother to come up from the country
and keep house for him while he plunged
into the compositon of a tragedy, "Chris
tine." This was scornfully "turned down"
by the Comedis Francaise. Nothing dis
couraged, Dumas went to work on another
tragedy, "Henri III." This' was completed
within two months and accepted. The
classicists bitterly opposed the production
of the play, and even petitioned the King
against it. He refused to interfere, and
under the patronage of the Due d'Orleans,
afterward Louis Philippe, "Henri III"
was given at the Francaise, February' 10i
1S29. It was a great success. Dumas re
ceived JGOOO in royalties and was appointed
librarian to the Due d'Orleans. Made gid
dy by his sudden passage from obscurity
to glory, he plunged with ardor into an
astounding luxury; he wore fantastic coats
and dazzling waistcoats, rode horses to
death and gave dinners worthy of Sar
danapalus.
Though not known at the time. It is now
pretty well recognized that "Henri III" Is
little more than a skulful compilation from
Schiller ("Don Carlos"), Scott, Anquetll
i and Pierre de l'Estoile.
"Christine" was now given, with mod
erate success, at the Odeon, and was fol
lowed in 1S31 by "Antony." Into this piece
Dumas has evidently put more of his per
scnallty than into any other. M. Lomenie.
parodying a speech of Mirabeau to the
King, says very neatly that in "Antony"'
there is too much vice for so much virtue,
and too much virtue for so much vice. At
short Intervals followed "Napoleon Bona
parte." "Arlington." "Teresa." "Angele"
and "La Tour tie Nesle"— to mention only
a few of the more prominent. Dumas' dra
matic career is said to have closed with
a little group of comedies which he wrote
i in his intellectual maturity, when long
I practice had made him a master in stase
! craft, so far as it was understood in h's
time. The group comprises "Mademoselle
de Belle-Isle." "Les Demoiselles de Salnt-
Cyr" and "X'n Mariage Soua Louis XV"
(1S41). In 1S45 appeared "Les Trol3 Mous
quetaires." The success of this wa3 s^
great that It destroyed Dumas as a dra
matic writer.
• • •
For the. information in this article T
am largely indebted to Victor Rosenwaid
and Larousse. I cannot close it better
than by translating: from the Revue dts
Deux-Mondes a portion of a sketch of Du
mas referred to by the latter. The autfcor
of this sketch is unknown, but he must
have been some contemporary who stood
close to Dumas and studied him narrowly:
"M. Dumas is one of the most curious
expressions of our age. Passionate by
temperament, artificial by instinct, cour
ageous from vanity, .good-hearted, not a
strong reasoner, improvident, he is well
nigh an Anthony for love, a Richard for
ambition, but he will never be a Sentln^tll
for vengeance. Superstitious when ha
thinks, religious when he writes, skeptical
when he talks,- negro by origin and
French by birth, he Is cool even wht>n
most ardently enraged; his blood is lava.
} his thought a spark; the most illogical
I being imaginable, the most anti-mus!cal
I I know; deceiver In his quality of poet,
j greedy in his quality of artist, generous
! because he is artist and poet; too liberal
; in friendship, too despotic in love, vain
i as a woman, firm as a man; frank with
! indiscretion, obliging without discrimina
tion, forgetful to heedlessness. vagabond
of body and soul, cosmopolitan by taste,
patriotic by feeling, rich in illusions and
caprices, poor In wisdom and experience;
j as lovable for his defects as for his ex
: cellencies; more seducing by his vice*
j than by his virtues; such is the Dumas
I one loves — or at least such he appears to
j me at this moment, for, obliged to ca'.l
! him up to paint him, I dare not affirm.
i in presence of the phantom before me,
: that I am not under some magic charm
| or some magnetic influence."
• • m
: For English readers the best account of
i Dumas Is to be found in Brander
j Matthews' "French Dramatists of the
i Nineteenth Century" (Scrlbners).
I I* DU PONT SYLE.
ALEXANDRE DUMAS. Pere.
Love Letters of Famous Mem.
By George Cary Eggleston.
Special Information supplied dally ta
business houses and nubile mi»n hJ .iL
i5agSg ft M35S^Sf»'Vy ;
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsend-j.'
AjmtrsziffZNTS.
Alcazar— "Carmen."
Orjheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera- bouw — "Children of the Ghetto."
Columbia —"A llarriag* of Com-ecleace." to-morrow night.
California.— "A Contented Woman."
T;voli— "T!:e Geisha."
Oij-rnpta, corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo tnd Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
«remr.«.
Fischer's— "Rcraeo end Juliet."
liecreatlon Park — Baseball.
Union Cours:nir Park — Courslat to-day.
fcutro Baths— Oi«en rights.
AUCTION SAXES.
Br 8. "U'atki ns— Monday, Jfrly 8, at U o'clock. Horses, at
Twflfih and Harrison streets.
By W. G. Layne- Tuesday. July 10, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
TT1 Howard street. ¦
By S. IVatkins— Tue»4ay. Jcly 10, at 1 o'clock. Horses, at
Tpnih end Bryant etre«ts.
St. Paul and Raturn $72.40.
11 12 % r, e at Un!on Paclflc Offlc » ™y
turn tlS. f *f ° Wn tO *" and *«><* *"
thin thrl? „ * daya " Tlme to St " PauI ««*
£L TV 1 " 108 PaclC *- D. W. HITCHCOCK.
Si * l Mont « om *ry •£. Saa Fran-CADET IS CHOSEN
FOR WEST POINT
SURPRISE FOR A KNIGHT
OF THE PYTHIAN ORDER
Retiring Master of the Exchequer of
Laurel Lodge Presented With
Emblem.
D..W. Saylor. past chancellor of Laurel
Lodge of the Knights of Pythias, for ten
years its master of the exchequer, declin
ed to continue In that office, but expressed
a willingness to serve in another capacity
and was elected master at arms. Th»
members, deslrinc to show the esteem in
which they held their former custodian of
the funds, decided to get up a surprise
party, which they did. A. C. Kull. John
armory ln first-class condition. It Is
claimed that It now has the finest In the
State.
Dem, J. H. Brooks. Ernest Ullman, M. I*
Gllson and J. E. Pomeroy being intrusted
with the management of the affair
When Mr. Saylor -went to his home. 242
Twelfth avenue in the Richmond district
last evening he was astonished to find
it ablaza with l!pht, rooms deconued and
the parlors filled with members of the
lodge and their lady relatives. When he
asked for an explanation none was vouch
safed. In a short time there was merry
making, dancing and singing and during
a lull in the programme Herman Schaff
ner, gTand keeper of records and seals, on
behalf of Mr. eaylor's many friends pre
sented him a brautlful gold emblem of tha
rank of past chancellor. This was an ad
ditional surprise and for a time the re
cipient was unable to express his thanks.
During: the evening a collation waa served,
after which dancing was resumed.
Had Money Left.
The general committee in charge of the
Fourth of July celebration- met at the
California Hotel last night to pass upon
bills of expense. Out of the $2500 pro
vided by the city for the jubilation there
was the sum of $138 left, as an object
lesson for past and future committees to
consider. The chairmen of the general
and finance committees with the secretary
were instructed to pay from this surplus
any small bills that may be hereafter
presented. &&B&mm&igffisi
Not To-Day, but To-Morrow.
The greatest sale of shoes ever known
In San Francisco will open to the publlo
to-morrow. As assignee I will sell at re
tall, without reserve, the entire stock of
the Boston Shoe Company, this city, also
of Fresno. Cal., at 775 Market street, near
Fourth. F. C. Kelly, assignee. •
The case of J. R. Hay, the ex-messen
ger boy charged w'lth swindling the Duns
muir Coal Company by means of "fake"
advertising contracts, was again called in
Judge Mogan's .court yesterday. The
point was raised by the attorney for the
defense that . the - prosecution ' would first
have to prove that such a paper as the
Mercantile Gazette -was not published in
Portland, Los Angeles or this city before
the defendant should be called upon to
state his case. A continuance was grant
ed, till Thursday afternoon, ..i when the
point will be argued.
Ingenious Point Raised.
Thomas Sullivan, a s=a!lor on the trans
port Sumner, lies at the Receiving Hos
pitnl in a critical condition as the result
cf a peculiar wound at the base of the
tkull. cauFed apparently by a heavy blow
from some blunt Instrument.
The man was found by Officer Dalton
yesterday morning on the eidewalk in
front cf John M. Russell's restaurant. 234
Eaft Mr«-<-t. Sullivan was In an uncon
tclous condition and seemed to have been
roughly handled. He was taken to the
Harbor Hospital and later removed to
the Receiving Hospital lor further treat
ment.
At the Receiving Hospital Sullivan told
a story of Waving the transport In the
i«»arly morninK and walking up Kast street
%! ehort distance when two men sprang out
x of a dark alley and after knocking him
down went through his pocktte. Then
they, according to Sullivan, beat him se
verely and left him. Sullivan says, he
«'U en hiB waj- to visit the R«v. M. Ken-
Thomas Sullivan, Seaman on Trans
port Sumner, Claims to Have
Been Knocked Down and
Bobbed.
Injured Man Blames Foot
pads, But Detectives
Confute His Tale.
SAILOR MAY DIE
AS A RESULT OF
PECULIAR BLOW
nealy, assistant rector at St. Rose's, when
he was waylaid. He claims to have had
}1.7> on his porson at the time.
Detective O'Dea was detailed on the
cafp. The result of his investigations
makes Sullivan's story seem very like a
"pipe dream."
Sullivan. Detective O'Dea learned, went
to Russell's restaurant about 6 a. m. He
ordered ham and eggs, and after eating
them told Russell to bring in his girls
and they"d have a time. Russell told him
to keep quiet. He then tendered a ten
dollar greenback In payment for his meal.
Hussell says that after Sullivan had got
his change he went to sleep in a chair In
the restaurant. After a time Russell
awakened him and told him to be moving.
u. £ an tnen demanded his change,
which he claimed he had never received.
After a few words he was thrown out.
and Rusf=?n claims that tHat is the last
„ .IFi kn <T or thou Sht about Sullivan
until last night.
b,!«£! Officer Jones of the Sumner gives
rni-^f R bs i2 character. He was not a
fa\orite on th»> phlp. being quarrelsome
\^r,X c^n e " °" the Waj ' out from Xew
\ork Sullivan wont ashore at Malta; as
He Joined the Sumner In the East. Mr
i.»3 e ?nor 1 2' 8 th lha V£ ull!van couId not have
had more than JT5 on him, because only
due 6 hlm Pa> '" at $25 a mo "^' ™»
At the Receiving Hospital Sullivan was
U £«- l °P,l V uJ 5Ustalned the Allowing ln-
J V rI fi* : . PosFlbI e fracture at ohfp of
?£ ull k tw ,° conlus |°ns on the left side of
the head, contusions of the eves, no°e
and legs. He was bleeding profusely at
the nose when brought in. In fact, he ex
hibits all the symptoms of a pandbag vlc-
Rev. M. Kennealy paid last night that
no such man was known to him. '
O'Hara comes from an old military fam
ily, his great great grandfather having
played a conspicuous part in the surren
der of Cornwallis' army to Washington at
the end of the Colonial days, and his
father having gained distinction at the re
pulse of the night attack of the Filipinos
at Manila. ' '
The Board of Examiners consisted of
John R. Glascock, Dr. P. L. Wheeler and
Professor Frank Soule. They commenced
tneir labors on Thursday at noon and con.
eluded on Friday afternoon. At first there
were forty-seven applicants. The examin
ation was rigid, both from a mental and
physical standpoint and only twenty
eight remained to the end of the inqui
sition. Six were physically disqualified.
O'Hara gained an average of S7 per cent
and Adams 84 per cent.
O'Hara's father is Major O'Hara of the
First U. S. Artillery. He was among the
Ilrst to alarm the soldiers on the eventful
night of the Filipinos' attack. Young
O'Hara is also a descendant of General
O'Hara, who handed the surrendered
sword of Lord Cornwallis to Washington
at Yorktown. It is a historic fact that
Cornwallis pleaded sickness on the day
of the surrender and named O'Hara to
represent him.
Troop A, Cavalry, Has a Mounted
Band — Changes in the Second
Brigade — A Place for
Peeler.
The hopes of a large number of the
guardsmen in the service of the State of
California have been dashed by the posi
tive assertion of the, commander In chief
that there shall not' be any camps this
year. A number of the companies, In an
ticipation of camp life, purchased at their
own individual expense khaki uniforms,
making an outlay which they now regret.
The appropriation by Congress for the
National Guard of the several States
where such organizations exist will give
California an allowance of about $15,000.
That is, the War Department will issue
to the guard from the ordnance and ccmi
missary departments certain articles val
ued at the amount named.
The following orders have been issued
from the headquarters of the Second Brig
ade:
In accordance with the provisions of the law
and of general orders from general headquar
ters, the members of the Second Brigade start
will parade Tor targret practice on the last
Saturday of the months of July, August, Sep
tember and October respectively, of the year
1S00, under the supervision of Major John H.
Hendy, engineer oiflccr Second Brigade. N. O.
C, at Shell Mound at 1 o'clock p. m.
Regimental commanders will instruct com
pany commanders to, and other commanding
officers will, in preparing rolls for reports ot
target practice, take particular enre to enter
the number of State medals held by each
member In column for that purpose.
Upon application, duly approved, the follow
ing transfer Is hereby made: Private Henry
L#. Detrick, Company K. First Regiment Infan
try, to Troop A, Cavalry, Second Brigade.
The following appointments upon the staff of
the brigadier general are hereby announced:
Major James A. Mareo to be major and in
spector, vice Jansen, elected captain Troop A,
Cavalry: Captain' Abbott A. Hanks to be ma
jor and signal officer, vice Evans, promoted-
Philip J. Perkins to be major and commissary,
vice Margo. appointed Inspector.
Major Perkins presided at an election
by Company H ot the Fifth Infantry, at
which the following named were chosen
as officers of the company: Franklin Wil
liam Bush, captain to succeed himself-
Harry Law Gunn, first lieutenant to suc
ceed himself, and Private Leroy Carrique
Bunker, second lieutenant, vice Wrlgilt
Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Peeler, who
was assistant adjutant general on the
staff of the Third Brigade, has been
placed on the retired list. Lieutenant
Colonel T. J. Hay has been assigned to
the positldn vacated by Peeler. It is said
that a place will be found in Sacramento
in the adjutant general's office for Lieu
tenant Colonel Peeler. . \
Major James A. Margo has been de
tailed to preside at an election to be held
by Troop A for lieutenants. Sergeant
C. F. Wells and Sergeant Edward Carr
are prominently named for the offices and
both are popular men in the troop
Through the efforts of Sergeant Wells
this troop ¦ has now a mounted band of
sixteen pieces, the only one in the State
The membership of the troop has. since
Captain Jensen assumed command a short
time since, been 'recruited to the maxi
mum number— sixty-five.' All recruits are
now. placed on the waiting list. The troop
has expended about f500 In placing its
GUARDSMEN WILL
NOT NEED THEIR
KHAKI CLOTHES
Allowance for California
Will Amount to a Good
Round Sum.
NEW type of thievery was prac
¦II \\ ticed on the night of July 4 that
Jj apparently baffled the police
through its boldness and sim
plicity. A number of plate-glass windows
in the very heart of the, city were broken
In with cobblestones and goods were
stolen from the show windows that were
in some Instances trivial In value when
compared with the glass broken.
At Xolan's Shoe Store, 1022-24 Market
street, opposite Fifth, a curved plate
glass window which will cost $450
to replace was destroyed by some one in
tent on getting at some cheap watches in
side. The watches, given away with pur
chases of shoes, were hanging near the
window. The thief threw a rough cobble
stone through the glass, which is three
eighths of an inch thick, breaking a hole
large enough to enable him to reach the
watches. Fie had evidently worked in a
hurry, taking but ten out of about thirty
of the v/atches.
The burglary was not discovered until
7:30 o'clock the next morning, when the
store was opened. The cobble stone lay
in the window, as evidence to the manner
of the deed. At 9 o'clock W. H. Nolan,
the proprietor, arrived and at once tele
phoned to the police.
The burglary was probably done early In
the morning when out few people were on
tho street. The thief stood in the deep
recess of the doorway from which place
he hurled the cobblestone, safe from ob
servation. Evidently no policeman was
near enough to hear the crash of breaking
glass.
Eisner's fur store at 13S Geary street
was broken Jnto in the same manner and
doubtless earlier. A large window, set
obliquely to the street and making a deep
recess, was broken into a hundred pieces.
The thief took furs valued at $150, includ
ing a mink and a gray krimer cape. A Kea
otter overcoat, valued at $300 and within
easy reach of tho thief, was not molested.
A special watchman for that night at
the City of Paris dry goods store, across
the street, hoard the crashing noise made
by the failing glass, and ran out into the
street supposing some one had thrown
something through a City of Paris win
dow. He was slow in getting out through
the doors, and saw no one on the street.
He found Policeman Collins a block away
up G4ary street and together they found
the-brokeh window. It was then 1:30
o'clock. The proprietor of the store was
called up by telephone and a watchman
placed In charge. As in the case of th»
shoe store burglary the police have not
yet found the stolen goods or other clew
to the identity of the thieves.
USED COBBLESTONE INSTEAD OF BURGLARS' JIMMY.
The price of oil has advanced. The
Southern Paciiic Company has contracted,
so the rumor is, for 15,000 barrels per
month in excess of what it has been pur
chasing for fuel. Large business lirms are
credited with contracting for 130,000 bar-
rels to be delivered In San Francisco in
six months. Then there is another story
out, to the effect that the Union Oil Com
pany has contracted for 150.000 barrels to
be landed in this city' before January 1.
There is a better price and a greater de
mand. The two facts belong together.
Second grade oil has just been sold on the
exchange in Los Angeles at $1 01 per bar
rel.
Xot every man or company with a "rig"
strikes oil in California. This is worth re
membering, icr the oil excitement is sure-
ly increasing and some will lose th«lr
money. A well 1123 feet deep has just
been abandoned by a big brewing com-
pany. This was in the south, where it
does not much matter, for all localities
are likely to furnish some dry wells. In
the one alluded to there was no trace of
oil, but the firm has cheerfully begun to
sink another close by. »
There is a company in Ban Francisco
whose officers say to would-be purchasers
of stock, "it is all a gamble." On the
other hand there are companies that are,
seemingly, employing numbers of clair
voyants and fortune tellers to make peo
ple believe that fortunes attend upon the
following of the advice of these com
panies ween they counsel the purchase of
some designated stock, the names of the
companies, according to the clairvoyants,
being revealed to the latter in dreams.
Next in importance to California to the
discovery ot gold, says the Mining and
Scientific Press, is the present explolwi
tion of its oil wealth, supplying the one
lacking requisite of cheap ruel, and mak
ing possible an era of manufacturing.
And wh*'n is considered tho variety of
bye-products procurable from petroleum,
it is manifest that even fuel j supply may
become secondary in commercial import
ance to the value of the articles derived
from t!ie crude petroleum now being
pumped so abundantly throughout a large
urea of the State.
There is a pr^neral feeling In and about
the Visalia. land oflice, says the lianford
Journal, that ihe townships on the west
side, withdrawn* from settlement on ac
count of the controversy between oil land,
homestead an-1 "scrip", claimants, will
soon be again subject to entry. If that
should prove to be true the contestants
will law it out among themselves in con
tests in the Visalia land office, with pos
sible special Corr.missioners to take testi
mony.
A report has been in circulation during
the wftk that C'lianslor & Canfield have
disposed of their oil properties at Coalinga
to an English syndicate through Balfour,
Guthrie A: Co. The story Is denied by sev
eral parties, including the brokers alleged
to have taken part in the deal.
At last, after a period of poorly con
cealed hostility, open war has broken out
between the two oil exchanges in Los An
geles. The Los Angeles Oil Exchange has
taken the initiative and has adopted a res
olution declaring- "that no stock, security
or properly listed or dealt in on this ex
change shall be sold or offered for sale in
any other exchange or association for
dealing in like stocks, securities or prop
erty in this city by any member of this
exchange, either in person or through a
partner, clerk or otherwise, under a pen
alty of expulsion." At the meeting where
this was adopted it was also voted to in
crease the membership from fifty to one
hundred and to charge &0 for admission.
The BakersfieM Californian says: Canfleld,
Doheny and others have struck oil at a depth
of about 9v>0 feet near the half-section stake on
the south boundary of 115. fi, 2S. So far as can
be determined, the strike 13 a good one, pre
senting the same characteristics as elsewhere
in the territory. This well is on the outskirts.
It is more than a mile from the most northerly
hole on section 30 and is equally as far from
the Reed Crude's, rear the center of 20. By
the discovery of oil at this point close to a
thoufand acres are a'ldsd to the district's ex
tent assuming that tlie ground embraced be
tween is petroleum bearing, as has been the
case uniformly heretofore. No failure has yet
bean made in the Kern River fields to find oil
'between two discoveries.
One San Francisco real estate house ad
vertises 16,(X>0 acres of land for sale in the
Sunset district.
The Westlake Oil Company now has
twenty-six wells pumping and is getting
ready to pump two more.
Gas has been struck four miles north
west of Kullerton in a comparatively new
district, lying between Fullerton and the
Puente fields. The gas rushed out when
a drill was down 400 feet.
An interesting case has been heard be
fore the Superior Court in Los Angeles.
A woman residing in Mississippi, who
owns a lot In the northern part of Los
Angeles, was induced by a local oil oper
ator, two years ago, to lease the lot at
a nominal rental, under the representa
tion that he wished to build a tenement
on It. Later she learned that he really
wated to bore for oil, and in her com
plaint she alleges that he has extracted
20,000 barrels of oil from the property.
Several claims have been locatecf*ln this
city during the past week, south of
Golden Gate Park and well out toward
the ocean.
Daily Oil News, published at Los An
geles, says:
So much has been said of the necessity of
railrcad carriage for the Kern County product
that the prosress of railroad building Is very
closely watched. Work on the Kern River
•spur began In earnest on Monday of this week,
and Contractor Crowley of Lob Angeles now
has forty-eipht teams and large scrapers at
work. He estimated the time that It would
take to do the grading at sixty days, but on
account of the lightness of the material he
thinks now he will be throuch In half that
time. After completing the work on the six
mile spur up the river Mr. Crowley will put his
force on the Independent read to Sunset. This
Is about thirty mileg long, and Its construction
Is a matter of several months, although no de
lay is anticipated after work begins. The im
portance of the road to Sunset seems to bt
prowln* dally. Under their present definitions
the Sunset and the Kern River fields are of
very nearly equal area.
The Los Angeles Express finds that
some fortunes have been made from oil
In Southern California. On this subject
It says:
Among those who have been the largest
beneficiaries are W. B. Hardlson, who has
made about J150.000 within the past year,
Thomas Hughes has Increased his bank ac
count within the past eighteen months In
about the Fame flgrure, and Edward Strasburg
in to-day worth at least $100,000 more than he
was twelve months apo. Others who have
struck it rich In oil have been Councilman
Charles Toll. J3O.O00: i,. n. Mosher and Harry
Chandler, $40,000 each: Mesers. .Anderson and
Chtnslor, of Coallnga fame, about $500,000 each;
Liester Robinson, Deputy County Recorder, $20,
000: Clark & Bryan. J75.OOQ each; Edward Do
heny, I10O.0O0: President Xeufr of the Central
Oil Co., $100,000; Senator Robert N\ Bulla of
the *ame corporation. $75,000; W. E. DeGroot,
M00.000: Dr. Book. $100,000; L. G. Parker. $100,
000; Nettleton & KHIerman, $50,000 each; Ben
Scott. »l(X>,00i>. ajad J. A. Graves. Arthur W.
Klnney Oeor»re P. Adams and Thomas O'Don
nell, each from $5000 to $SO0O.
Lands Withdrawn at Visalia May
Again Be Open for Filings — Some
Who Have Struck It
Rich.
Rumors of Contracts Call
ing lor Large Deliveries
of Petroleum.
OIL PRICES ARE
TENDING UPWARD
OWING TO SALES
Method of Securing Plunder
Causes Several Merchants
Much Loss. .
THIEVES BREAK PLATE
GLASS WITH STONES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY. 8, 1900.
THE comretitlvc examination for the
selection of n cadet for the West
Point .Mil'tary Academy has been
completed at Berkeley, and James
Jorcph O'Hnra, residing at 2107 Vallejo
street in thiJ city, was declared the suc
cessful contestant. The young man re
ceived his appointment shortly after
ward from Senator Perkins. Charles
Francis Adams, also of this city, residing
at 105 Clark stieet, stood second in tho
competition and will accompany O'Hara
ro the West Point as alternate.
James Joseph O'Hara of
This City Named by
Senator Perkins.
27
Miss B. A. Mulroney of Philadelphia h*s
made over $30,000 out of her shops in the
Klondike.
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
Mall Orders Filled.
Leather Goods*
For yonr outlnr you will need aom«
of the following goods:
CLUB BAGS. VALISES. SCTT
CASES. COLLAPSING CLTP3.
RUBBER CUPS. PURSES. BELTS.
CIGAR and CIGARETTE CASES.
14 -car*, t OOSLD-JTLLED RINGS:
heavy and light bands, plain and
enjrraved, Be and SOc for this week;
warranted for flv« years* wear.
OPERA GLASSES this week at 10 per
cent reduction by bringing this ad-
vertlsemfent.
Watches.
Get one of oar cheap Nickel Watchea,
cuaranteed for 1 year.
KET WIND . o 5< .
8TEM WIND. 31.25
HEAVY GOLD-PIRATED. STEM
WIND AXD SETT S1.5O
BEI/T BCCKLES : largest variety and
neatest designs; regular JLoO. JLOO.
75c and 60c; cut Just one-half for
thia week only.
Good ALARM CLOCK TOo
Guaranteed ALARM CLOCK
~ We. JI.00. IL2S and f 1JSO
Furnishings*
If you are on» of the few who did
not eet one of our S1.10 FELT
HATS, hurry along, as we have
only a few left.
Good CRUSH HATS —....fl.OO
Our $!.C0 STIFF HATS $1.30
OUTING CANVAS HATS 25e
A full line of CANES. SHIRTS.
TIES. COLLARS, CUFFS. SOX and
BUSPENDERS.
Stationery*
A linen or plate finish PAPER ln pound
packages loe
A good TABLET, ruled or plain ~. 8o
An immense variety at -r«/v
r : 6c. 10c. 15a and 20o
INKSTANDS for Desks. Offices, pocket
or travellns. •
A guaranteed FOUNTAIN PEN: on*
that will do Its work well $1.OO
An' extra value ln BOND PAPER; per
lb 25O
ENVELOPES to match, pk 15o
A fine Hoe of new PAPETERJES. In all
the late shades, per box 25c
Practical outfit, with tripod, for tl.RJ: cost
II 35. Backus Studio. 11 Geary, photographers.*
Catholic Truth Society.
The. regular monthly lecture and re-
ligious exercises of the Catholic Truth So-
ciety will be held at St. Mary's Cathedral
on Wednesday evening next. The pamphlet
for this month Is "What Catholics Do Vot
Believe," by Archbishop Ryan of Philadel-
phia.
Voters, Attention.
Registration office open from S:30 a. rn
to 5 p. m. and 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. • '
Deslrable styles of Summer Goods at greatly reduced
prices, to close out all lines where the assortments
are not complete, and the assortments are always
broken first In the desirable goods.
SHIRT WAISTS.
This season's styles of handsome patterns, colored wash waists. $1 50 quality,
all sIzps now ln stock. ___ __
Sale Price 75c.
KID GLOVES.
Children's Kid Gloves that were 75c. nox»
JLt SOO.
t<-button lengths undressed rued e gloves for evening "wear, the $3 2S frra.de.
Special a/b $1.OO.
GAUFFRE LIBERTY SILKS.
All color*, eheic* patterns, former price, 85a.
ISTo-w 25o per yard.
CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK RIBBED HOSE.
Excellent Quality, former price 15c.
ISTcrw at ISo.
LADIES' MERCERIZED PETTICOATS.
Flounce trimmed, asorted colon, former prtco $3 50 and M
3STo"W at $2.OO.
DRESS SILKS;
Fancy etrtped taffeta illks. this teusn'i rtyles. that were telling last week at
S5 cents.
3>To"w at SOo.
. BARGAINS AT EVERY COUNTER.
GOODS ON SALE AT BOTH STORES.
1O7-1O9 POST STREET.
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
t ! i..l..i..l..l..M..H..I..t..t.4.4"M-M"l- 1' I-I-M' ! M-M-
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o
o ALSO 3 MANUFACTURERS' SURPLUS STOCKS:
% Tfcc St. Johns Mfg. Ci.'s Surplus Slock of Extension Tables;
% The Fstey Mfg. Co.'s Surplus Stock of Dresser.-;
• Ihs Wakefield Reed Co.'s Surplus Stock of Ran an Rockers.
o ALSO S:VEB4L SURPLUS STOCKS OF PARLOR TABLES, SlDEBO\ p DS t CHAIRS!
g Rug Bargains. /^SM^>,
% Smyrna Ru*s. M|i
O Smyrna Rur?. size 9x12. . ..$11.50 1^
% Smyrna Rue?, size 76x106.. 9.00 ? ' r H iImI r&t^fi}jiZi' : •''"'*>
• Smyrna Ru K s. size 6x9 5.03 1 flllf : '"$
Q « "31ti!i5?if!rIiIIIi'""'s[
S Genuine Wilton Rugs. \\ W
g At H the price of Orientals — the '/ - ri^2&£' \| Aff
q moM ': e imiful rups ever produced on /^25S5>^ nvesSs
q, an American loom — exact reproduc- [ps&r
q tions of Orientals.
© 9 feet lonp by 6 feet wide $2D $3.25 — WORTH $5*00
2 i° feet 6 inches long by 8 feet 3
« iriches wide . 528 To-morrow morning we will place on »a!e
q 12 feet long by 9 feet wide $35 a manufacturers surplus *to-k of Rattan
Q m Rockers; also ?X> o<Vi pf'JCfs from our own
C- Japanese MatHng*. famrle? *m be cloyed out r#card1-s» of
41c Mattinps 25c 50c Matting?. 30c cn ct. w> must make room for new stock.
1 rot/ SAVE MONEY AT PATTOSIEN'S!
g'Parlor Rockers and Couches Carpets.
O ::. r.<51 TarW Rockers. mM up to Czl- 50 tl lfl Axmlnftorj 81.25
4* $7 7.V-.-lr^ir.« r-ricp . v •.... «J>^ It 50 Body BniSMla %\.'Z!i
ft ]M o<3a Tarior Rockers. poM up to CfiSO il -^ Taj.».«tr>- Brussels SOo
~ flft-clr-yin* price*. «?O H 0t> Incraina r>e
q 1 ¦'. '«M Tarlor Rock#r*. e.ld up to CQ.75 T1DCCTDV OIIDT1I1IC
g ti«-~deri»« rnce OO — TAPESTRY CURTAINS.
OTt^Pftr)' Couch. .iak franr?, errine* _ _. ...... „ . _
KCtlUr pric* J1S— cloflng C 1 Q "»" • Reversible)— (suitable for Couch Covers).
• price ; 5>I*5 Tapectry Curtains worth up to JS CO.OD
© Tapestry Couch «o Ur own make>. eprirfe a Pair-reduced to «I>O
© f-ipr. r^irular price $;s — clos- CIQ.JU Tapestry f\irta!ns worth up to JS <2>1-*>O
0 Ire price OIO a pair— reduced to *4>'T'
A Tapestry Couch «ou- own make), regular Tai e^try Curtain* worth up to $1^ CjfS-00
q pHcg IB cloring CAIOH a pair— reduced to CO
price.. iv-l Tap<>».tr>- Curtains worth up to $13 <TQ.OO
2 Gonoola Oracri <>-ur own make, regular a pair— reduced to tJ>O
8 U PYTP^mu T*R.i^ 29 " 0RAPE * Y MATERIALS— 50-Inch.
O , LAItnaiUH lADLtd. II per jard Draperj- m«t»rlal< 50 r»f|r»
9 5" f ' Extension Tahlff. all oak. ? <J» I | .OO inch— reduced to OUW
0 f«*t lr.rr-rwJuepd to OH |l 23 r<r yard Drapery materials. QA-
q $'.7 nxtrnMon Tables, all oak. « C1Q.no .V> inch— reduced to t/V/C
g f~t Hug-reduced to OIO f2 5rt per yard Driperj- materials. C1.75
2 ty Exteneir-n Tables. Vsawed CQ1 OO 50 inch— reduced to «3 I
© <>ak. a: feet Ions— reduced to %> -*• t .,, _ '" *>T _ .„
-» Hi per yard Drapery materials. <££J-"»O
S DRESSERS an1 CHIFFONIERS. "J*?^* 1 ?*?.? ;>t> —
2 r^assasiS?^' S42- 50 5tssi£s»iSis?l^^^ffise
$". •. .-'!:•! Mah'cany Drey^r- C|2<>-5O jialr-reduced to $25. $13. $7, f;, C I OO
q reduced to VUZ 12 and .. . «J> I
O r l^ e d M to Agany ChlfrOn * r 6*45^ Colored Fancy Ptripe MusUn. Sash Mu,
O rr > Solid Mnh-jriry Chamber CQCOO _ Cowm. , Window Seats Sd Coshfon^^
Q .-ui! a r<i'"^»-re.iuced to.. tP*/«J as hien as li( . n^ 2 - c _ 3^ & , v and
Q 117?! pond Mahogany Chamber dlff-OO T.'c per yard. Reduced to UK, \£\~
X £uit (3 riecf-p), reduced to.. O ¦ I O Sl^r. 2V t c, l«e. 13c, 12Uc and.. I \J\*
3 OROER ONE ON SUSPICION!
Q _
Sh f? -^"^ With Parasol jJl g y j^MMfc
gfeT^.^ Morris nn r n /^0^^>
f^ichairs
O t'nd^'jbte/Ily ar.4 without Question the K \LX^>*'^ '
0 very t**?; value ever offered by any
O dealer. Th. frame is rich and mas»ive, ™« carrlare is a masterpiece, of dej.i K n
A . ¦ m .. ¦ ,-_... and workmanship, being full size, of best
J» is neatly carved, ha.« wide, comfortable reed, cane-seat and velour uphol-
2 &TTT'?. new j.atrr.t ratchet rod support. Fterinir. The parasol is daintily flounced
• »,»-k can be adjusted while «lttin«r in T *"L"'£! t'T", 1 !! haV * f>n V 2ry rubbe »- «•"«,
A . , . , , «lth %\akene!d patent foot brake. We
g rhair. nuhiona covered in velour. any offer tM # pxqulsite vehicle QQ Cn
«f color, your choice. this week at OOiOU
% Our New Catalogue foj Out-of-Town Peop'e— FREE.
IPATTOSIEN'S
P BfC FU*NITUI*E EXPOSITION BUILDING,
0 COn.VEfl SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STS.
O —~s*-^ —— •
a I ANT AIR COMPi?ESSO/?S
;~-'."V ' ...and...
GIANT ROCK DRILLS,
STEAM BOILERS, HEATERS AND
CENTRIFUGAL F>UA1F=>S.
Our reputation amontr contractors and miners Is evidence of our
responsibility. Estimates furnished upon application.
WM. A. HEWITT. P. H. REAROON.
COMPRESSED AIR MACHINERY CO,,
11 to 18 FIRST STREET, San Franclseo, Cal.
JjjF It's by these
'S prices that we 9
i|| make and keep Sj£"We all favor th« extension of trade,
but do not let us be blind to the fact that
we who stay at home must foot the bills,
because the laboring man pays the taxes.
It may be, in the peculiar ways of provi
dence, that the war in China may so en
gage the British that reinforcements can
not be sent to South Africa and that the
brave Boers will conquer their heartless
enemies. Then President Bryan may
stretch his hand across the sea and con
gratulate brave old Paul Kruger. Wo alt
wish them godspeed in their unequal fight
for liberty." ,
The entrance of the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict Bryan Club, headed by a brass band
and carrying transparencies, created a
sensation at this stage in the proceedings.
Thomas W. Hickey made an energetic
and humorous speech. He said: "I am
glad to see that some of that Kansas City
convention enthusiasm has reached this
city. My Republican friends have done
so much boasting lately that I had about
commenced to think that there were no
Democrats left; but since I arrived here
to-night I have been reassured. Now Is
the only time that the Republicans can
shout, for after this campaign is over it
will be found thf.t the Republican party
has croaked."
Mr. Hickey told some clever and point
ed stories that met with the hearty ap
proval of the audience. He also spoke
briefly on the issues of the campaign,
particularly upon the Philippine question.
C. A. Swigert devoted ten minutes to
criticism of President McKinley and an
equal time to the praise of William J.
Bryan.
Judge Robert Ferral was Introduced as
the "man who could make more Demo
cratic votes by sitting back and smiling
afan audience than all the speakers com
bined by their oratorical efforts." He
beamed upon the audience as he advanced
to the front of the platform and said:
"I greet you and the assembled Democ
racy. The national platform and Bryan
and Stevenson as the nominees of the
Democratic party command the support of
all Democrats. They are winners. There
is room in our party for all; there is no
other place for Democrats. The 'results
of the coming elections are far-reaching
and affect national and State legislation
for years to come by reason of the re
quired redistricting of the States. All lo
cal and minor differences should be sub
ordinated in this great contest. I regret
my enforced absence, but join you in con
gratulating the party on the results of
the National Convention.
"JAMES H. BUDD."
They entered the hall cheering and set the
place in an uproar.*
Chairman Alford read the following tel
egram, from ex-Governor Budd, dated
Stockton:
granted by our constitution. "We as
Americans have the right to enforce
the Monroe doctrine only so long as
we will live by it ourselves.
"We are opposed to crossing 7000 miles
of water and acquiring a country inhab
ited rtve times as thickly as our own and
which we do not want as citizens and
force upon them a government that they
do not want and giving^, them no repre
sentation in it.
"The Kansas City platform declares
that we shall not accept them as citi
zens becauss we do not consider them
fit to become citizens, and not as sub
jects, because this is a country of
freedom and wants no subjects.
"The greatest day this nation hks
ever known will be the day on which
we go down into those islands and
without a suggestion on the 'part of
any nation on earth, take down the
flag that this party proposes to keep
unsullied as on the day that it first
appeared above the smoke and fire of
the revolution in Washington's hands
and say you are free."
J. J. Dwyer was greeted with cheers
when he was introduced. He Eald:
"I want to pledge my allegiance to the
platform that this arand party has put
forth, which is the Dest the party could
have posslbls' put forth. It has not struck
a new note. It Is the old, old note; the
note sent forth by the liberty bell, that
we are all created free and equal. Tho
spirit of liberty and the spirit of justice
shall be re-established in the foreign
policy and in the home policy of this gov
ernment.
"There seems to be nothing left for me
to say. I have enjoyed the flow of elo
quence and wit, in bd*th of which my
young friends are not lacking. They have
all expressed my sentiments. I think they
got wind of what 1 wanted to say, includ
ing the stories. /
"We are on the eve of the greatest cam
paign that has ever been fought since the
beginning of this grand country of ours.
It is a fight for principle, for personal lib
erty and for freedom from the mailed
hand of gold. We are glad to know that
that grandest American citizen and
statesman, pure in his private life and
In his public service, unswerving tn his
principles and honest in his every act in
public life, is to lead us to victory. Wil
liam J. Bryan stands head and shoulders
above the men of the day, and we may
be proud to follow him in this great bat
tle.
"It was left for the poor man who
had fought his way up among the
'giants of the land, who had fought
the battles of the Democracy without
flinching, to stand firmly upon tho
principle he has stood firmly upon
since he first set his face toward the
White House, and declare calmly to
the wavering leaders at the Kansas
City convention that his fight must
be made upon 'the free and unlimited
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16
to vr. . ' .
Judge Ferral talked for about twenty
minutes on the issues of the campaign.
The meeting 1 then adjourned.
This statement roused the audience to
the highest pitch of excitement. Men and
women sprang to their feet and cheered
until the building shook. After some hesi
tation, the leaders on the platform caught
the infection and joined in the demonstra
tion, which lasted fully live minutes.
Xaborers Will Be Paid.
Commissioner Meyero of the State Bu
reau of Labor was informed yesterday by
acting Auditor "William Wells that the de
mands of the carpenters, plasterers and
other laborers employed on the Hall of.
Justice buildlns will be paid when the city
has accepted the building and the original
contractors, Bateman Brothers, have been
settled with. When this is done the work
men will be the first to receive their
money, the sum of $13,000 having been set
aside specifically for that purpose. Mr.
Meyers will now go before the Board of
Supervisors and endeavor to induce that
body to accept the building In accordance
with the opinion of the City Attorney, that
the claims may be adjusted afterward-
THE Democratic Presidential cam
paJgn was opened at Metropolitan
Tempi* last night with a rousing
meeting called to ratify the Kansas
City platform and nominees. Bontires
l!jrhied the street leading to the h^ll.
bombs burst overhead, rock'i-ts screamed
through the air and a brass band rendered
jiatrioiic music. Crowds that gathered
to hear the music arid see the display
drifted gradually into the hall, which was
iiUed by fc:3u o'clock. Small flags were
distributed among the audience, until
every man, woman and child was sup
pMea. The hall itself was a mass of bunt
ins and flags, while a large painting of
"William Jennings Bryan, in a frame oi
bunting-, covered the drop at the back of
the stage.
William H. Alford, chairman of the
Democratic State Central Committee, ac
companied by Seth Mann and about
twoiuy vice presidents, appeared on tha
etage about S:15 and the party was greet
ed vv ith cneers. The brass band enlivened
the proceedings with a burst of patriotic
melodies and then the serious business or
the evening commenced.
Seth Mann Opened the Ball.
Seth Mann, introducing Mr. Alford as
chairman of the evening, said:
••K< How citizens and lellow Democrats:
We have assembled here in mass meeting
to-night to ratify the nomination of our
next President, that matchless American
citizen and statesman. William Jennings
Bryan. (Tremendous cheerinp.i The plat
ioi'm upon which he is to stand Is the
grandest that has ever been framed by
anv par'.y in the history of this nation.
Bryan Stevenson, in this cris;s
of the nation, when every citizen Is on
trial as to his worth and honesty, in this
great contest have the faith of Jefferson,
that the people of the United States can
l»f trusted. The Democracy will win this
time because it is right on the foremost
questions of the dav. those of imperialism,
militarism and trusts. The success of the
Democratic party is the only hope of sav-
Inar the country from ruin."
Mr. Mann then introduced Mr. Alford.
who said:
•'Ladies and gentlemen: The principle
that the constitution follows the flag is
In the heart of every true American citi
zen to-day and is the watchword of the
Democracy in this great contest for ripht
wo are about to enter. The Democracy
will follow the constitution.
••The difference between the two
gTeat parties is the difference be
tween European imperialism and
American expansion. The Democratic
party has always favored American
expansion, which is the acquisition
cf territory that will be of commer
cial value to us and wealth as a na
tion, without denying to the citizens
thereof the inalienable rights
Hundreds Gather in Metropolitan Temple to Cheer for Bryan and Stevenson and to
Ratify the Principles for Which the Coming Presidential
/ Campaign Will Be Fought.
WILDLY ENTHUSIASTIC DEMOCRATS
INDORSE THE KANSAS CITY NOMINEES
PIONEERS HOLD A QUIET
ELECTION AND CELEBRATE
"An egotist," answered Miss Cayenne,
thoughtfully, "differs from the rest of
mankind only in one respect. Every per
son feels at heart a certain sense of su
periority. But the egotist has sufficient
courage to publicly admit ¦ his opinion." —
Washington Star.
"What's your idea of an egotist?" asked
Willie Washington, conversationally.
Her Idea of an Egotist.
A family named Hopgood, consisting of
father, mother and two daughters, has
been discovered near Richmond living in a
hollow ock tree. The rree was not large
enough to accommodate the whole family
and they seemed to have been taking
turns, some sleeping under the tree and
others inside its decayed trunk. They
made their living by foraging and beg
ging about the country. The county au
thorities have taken them in hand.—Rich
mond (Va.) corr. New York Sun.
Family Lived in Hollow Tree.
ed by twenty-five tiny miniatures, por
traits of the members of the Russian,
royal family.
Among the collection of the Dowagei
Empress is one egg that commemorates
a family storm and a royal problem.
Nicholas II. the present Czar, when a
boy had. as all the world knew, a most
irrational and vehement love affair. So
ciety was shocked, the heir apparent's
fond parents were distressed and alto
gether there was a very Interesting ex
hibition of the tempest that Cupid can.
upon occasion, stir up in a royal family.
Nicholas was hurriedly sent around the
world to complete his education and, as
usual, time and absence reduced the royal
heart to Us normal condition, .but the
Empress grieved greatly over the separ
ation from her son, and on Easter of
that year the Czar gave her an egg, in
side of which was a model of the ship
in which her . rebellious lad was sailing
away from heart entanglement. A gold
smith of famous skill had spent ten
months making the ship, which was of
solid gold, mounted on a beryl stone, and
was complete and accurate in every de- I
tail, down to the smallest cable.
THE duty of filing petitions to hold
a convention in San Francisco for
the purpose of nominating candi
dates for the Legislature and for
city and county judicial ofllces devolves
upon the local governing bodies of the po
litical parties. Alfred Bouvier, chairman
of the Republican County Committee, an
nounced last night that a meeting of this
committee would be held at Shiels Hall
Tuesday evening, July 10, to frame and
adopt the petition, as required by the
primary election law. Unless such peti
tion be filed the political party represent
ed by the committee will not have a place
on the official ballot of the primary elec
tion.
To-morrow evening the Assembly Dis
trict clubs formed under the auspices of
the Republican County Committee will
meet in their •» respective Assembly Dis
tricts and organize by the election of
permanent officers. All Republicans who
wore fairly enrolled during the week end
ed June 30 will be entitled to vote for club
officers. Places designated for club meet
ings are as follows:
Twenty-eighth District. Second and Fol
som streets; Twenty-ninth, Metropolitan
Temple, Jessie Etreet; Thirtieth, Pythian
Castle: Thlrty-flrst, Teutonlaf Hall. 1322
Howard street: Thirtv-second. 741 Bran
nan street, between Sixth and Seventh;
Thirty-third, Maennerbund Hall, Twenty
fourth street and Potrero avenue;
Yesterday E. I. Robinson and several of
his followers in the Thirty-fourth Dis
trict lodged a protest with the County
Committee and petitioned for a hearing
at once. The protest sets forth that the
persons holding possession of the club roll
In that district have permitted enrollment
since June 30/ The complaint is general
and does not mention the names of per
sons Improperly enrolled. It is understood
that Robinson had ample opportunity to
make his fight in the district. He made
the contest to the best of his ability and
the Clean Republicans of the district re
pudiated him on account of his sympathy
for boss rule and his ¦ readiness' to > take
orders from the bosses.
There may be lively scenes in the
Thirty-fourth District to-morrow night.
Where the bosses cannot rule they often
attempt to ruin. ¦ . . .
Reports from the Forty-fourth District,
Thirty-fourth, Native Sons' Hall,
Seventeenth street, between Valencia and
Guerrero; Thirty-sixth, Twenty-eighth
and Church streets; Thirty-seventh, 317
Devisadero street; Thirty-eighth, Mascot
Ha*, 1106 Golden Gate avenue; Thirty
ninth, Saratoga Hall. 814 Geary street;
Fortieth, Post and FlUmore streets; For
ty-first, Plxley Hall. Polk - and Pacific
streets; Forty-second. Golden Gate Hall,
625 Golden Gate avenue; Forty-third, Cal
ifornia Hall. 620 Bush street; Forty-fourth,
Washington Square Hall. 1525 Stockton
street; Forty-fifth, Garibaldi Hall. Broad
way.
It has for many generations been a
court custom for the reigning Czar to
give his wife at Kaster time an egg con
taining some ¦• handsome gift, usually a
souvenir of some particular event, and
the present Czar and his father, Alexan
der III, have always observed the old
custom. The two Empresses have, with
considerable misgivings, it is said, allowed
their Easter egg collections to go to Paris
and be placed on exhibition in the Rus
sian section of . the exposition, and the
French dramatic temperament is deeply
stirred and moved by this testimony- to
the: intimate and cordial relations be
tween the two nations. From the Eastei
eggs are being hatched fraternal senti
ments and touching enthusiasm .with reg
ular j. incubator, expedition and dispatch.
Many of the eggs are exceedingly inter
esting as objects of art. •
The lirst received by the present Czar
ina was given to her in the year of hei
coronation. It is a large golden egg,
enameled in rose color, and contains a
tiny and perfect model of the state car
riage in which the young bride rode to
the Moscow cathedral on her wedding
day. , The coach is of gold, cushioned In
red enamel and hung with tiny, silver
curtains which can be drawn on gold
wires. The : imperial crown in beautiful
diamonds ornaments the panels. ¦
The last Easter, egg added to the Czar
ina's collection • was presented this year
and incloses a splendid-Jeweled heart set
in rare, many colored gems and surround-
.Easter is celebrated in Russia with
great ceremony, and the custom of giv
ing elaborate Easter eggs has been car
ried Into extravagance by the wealthy
and aristocratic people in St. Petersburg;
but no other Russian women have such
collections of Easter eggs as the young
Czarina and the Dowager Empress.
the Dowager Empress Shown
at Paris.
WONDERFUL RUSSIAN EGGS.
Easter Souvenirs of the Czarina 'and
Permanent Officers in Each Dis
trict to Be Elected— Protest
From 34th.
REPUBLICAN CLUBS
READY FOR ACTION
where the big enrollment took place, are
indicative of harmony in the organization
of the club. It is said that all the factions
have agreed to settle their disputes at thr.
primary election- on August 14, and that
no effort will be made to bring about con
fusion and disorder to-morrow night.
the field, so there was no necessity of dis
bursing coin or buying liquids to win
votes. Throughout the day not a cljal
lenge marred the election. The Pioneers
did not attempt to cast more than one
ballot apiece, nor did they defire to ques
tion the legality of each other's votes.
The polls opened at 9 a. m.. and when
they closed at 5 171 ballots had been cast.
The regular ticket, which was headed bj
E. W. McKinstry. was elected unanimous
ly, and In honor of the newly elected ones
a grand banquet was held in the basement
of the hall three hours later. The men
who had voted during the day appeared
on the scene burdened with appetites.
They ate and partook of liquid refresh
ments, listened to felicitous speeches and
toasted the outgoing and the new presi
dent. Ex-PresHent Nlles Searls introduced
his successor in an appropriate speech and
then departed for home. President Mc-
Kinstry expressed his appreciation of the
honor bestowed on him, and called upon
Judge A. R. Cotton, J. H. Jewett, Thomas
B. Curran and Samuel W. Holladay for
speeches, and they 1 responded.
Following are the officers elected for the
ensuing term: President. E. ¦ "W. McKin
stry; vice presidents, Walter Van Dyke
and James Palache of this city. William
Simpson of Alamoda. George Hagar of
Colusa and D. O. Mills of New York;
treasurer. F. W. Tallant: marshal. Wil
liam L. Duncan; directors, A. R. Cotton,
J. H. Jewett. II. N. Tilden. E. M. Root,
H. B. Russ, E. T. Kruse. William Z. Tif
fany. Allen Knight and W. C. Gibbs. The
following named members guarded the
ballot box: Judges, Roberts, Vandercook
ajid F. G. Bonifcmann; clerks, John Quincy
Adams and O. C. Pope.
HAD a ward heeler visited the hall
of the Society of California Pio
neers yesterday and witnessed the
manner in which that famous body
conducted Its election he would have been
filled with a nervous desire to get into ac
tion. A lone ballot box, presided over by
n few near-sighted members, looked so
tempting that it could have, been stuffed
twice over before its guardians were the
wiser.
An election by the Pioneers Is not wildly
exciting. Although the ballot box was sit
uated in a district made famous by the
dishonesty of politicians it remained un
polluted. Votes were dropped Into its
crevice with all the solemnity of a Presi
dential contest. Only one ticket was in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 8, 1900.
"We do not want or need any large
standing army ourselves and Qod
grant that we do not want one for
crushing the life out of any weaker
foreign people and making slaves of
them. The Bepublican party would j
saddle upon us an army that would!,
cost us $100,000,000 per year, and
in the name of the extension of
trade. How are the masses to be ben
efited by the extension of such trade
as this?
"They talk about President McKinley as
a 'great ruler.' "We do not want rulers In
this country, great or small. That is the
language of Imperialism. I heard It et a
Republican banquet at the Palace Hotel.
Why, soon we shall have in fact what we
have In name now — Marcus Aurellub I.
(Great cheering.)
"We do not need an alliance with
any foreign power and anyhow not
witli the toughest pirate of the whole
lot, John Bull.
28
WHAT CARICATURIST WARREN SAW AT THE- POLLS. " rrr r.
It is the rankest sort of folly /CQfe 01 * 15^ £T*\
to imagine that a weakness or an S »e <? j&g&pf*-'^ *u^.P
ailment will get well without JlQT . &S^^ "$?* 'J&JL
proper treatment. It is both dan- /^1^3b*. ; K$jf ] 'tf/wz^
qerous and expensive to treat •'^¦U^j H>f (5J f*xM^ "^
with inexperienced doctors or to /ulf AK^=^^
attempt to cure yourself with free f^ %^Mz&W^J f*~%
trial treatments, patent medi- *^^k^^^& f^* 3
cines, electric belts or other j£ JL
dangerous stimulants. *W (© 6 ' a & \ <3$&jZ*
For nearly 20 years we have been curing; contracted diseases
of men, including contagious blood poison; also lost vitality, i,i
general and nervous debility, varicocele, rupture, stricture. I
piles, diseases of the kidney?, bladder, etc. *
We are specialists in curing these ailments. We cure at any i\.
stage of the disorder, and restore the patients as quickly as 13 ,:
consistent with a permanent cure. Our remedies, which are • »
always effective, but are never harmful, are furnished free to
our patients from our own private laboratory. | \
Payments may be made monthly or after a permanent cure ». \
is effected. Prices reasonable to rich and poor. I
Consultation and advice free at our office or by mail. Full .;
information and our private book, sealed, free. Home
Cures a specialty. Remedies sent by mail or express.
731 Market Street elevator tZ^ 5 ZT
¦ V -^ A SA N FRANCISCO. ENTRANCE Sundays-9 to II
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m . Steamers leave Broadway
»^ wharf. San Francisco:
KSk—_ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
nPsSuh.' Jul y 10 - 15 - 20 - Tj ' m - Au s'j»t
ffcfcp'jrXfcev 4. Change to company's steara-
S3T £Wu5ft er<< at Seattle.
filFS5§M >^*ri3 For Victoria. Vancouv-r tP.
F&aC^-Wiai C.) Port Townsend, Seat*?,
C^^fEjttfsV Tacoma, Everett, Anacorf?s
anJ New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
"* 11 a. m.. July 10. 15. 20. 2S.
30. August 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
CIianKe at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. R'y.; at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., July
7. 12. T7. 22. 27. August 1. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. July 6. 10. 14, 18. 22. 26. 30. August
3 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford .(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anitsles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. July 8. 12. IS. 20, 24. 23, August t and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 19 a. m., 7th of t each
month..
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chnntri
steamers, calling dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montramery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Ajfents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
iv^<fe/* r *-^ r ~'y' / <^ yw*t*
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century; has a
national reputation, and was one of the few
scl»ols selected to represent the devejopment
cf commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion- over 17.000 graduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: COO graduates annually
placed in positions; 25 teachers: open the entire
year: new 80-paKe catalogue free.
HEED'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
Separate Rooms. Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEGINS. AUGUST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Hitchcock School,
ST. MATTHEWS' h1 Sl,
SAN MATEO. CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular address
BEV. W. A. DRHWER. A. B.. Rector.
Bearding and Day School for Girls— 233S Chan-
nlng way. Berkeley, Cal. Pleasant home life,
large garden. Bymnaslum: accredited to Univer-
sity of California. Stanford University, Vassar
and Smith College;. Prospectus sent on applica-
tion. Term opens" August 6. 1900.
Miss Read's School, Berkeley.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOR
NOME DIRECT
The elegant, fast. AI new passenger steamer.
S. S. NOME CITY,
1600 tons restster,
ABOUT JULY 10th.
Connections at ST. MICHAEL for DAW3ON
api all YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For F^secger and Freight Rates Apply to
TUP MASffA FYPTflRATTiW Pft
iHu iiiinunH iiAfiiJuilllUii bU.,
/39 POST ST,
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
"Will tolssateh for
NOME,
PORT CLARENCE. CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Eleeant. Commodious. Fast A2 T*ntm
eer Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,"
Twenty-five hundred tons' displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
For Passenger and Freight Kates Apply to
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
130 Market st, San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINB.
IHW TORX. SOUTHAMPTON. 105D05. TIKI
Stopping at Cherbourg 1 , westbound.
From New. York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork July llfSt. Louis Julr 23
St. Paul July lS'New York August t
RED STAr* UN£
Yor(< aqd Antw*-- «.
Frcm New Tork every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Noordland ......July lliPouthwarlt July S
Friesland July lSiWesternland ..August 1
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE,
8. S. "OHIO" from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. Pt. Michael and Yukon River
points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rate*
end other Information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
20 Montgomery street.
THELYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical col-
leges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building
Boarding and day school for young ladlea. !1!8
California St.. will reopen August 6. 1300. Ac-
Credited to the Unlversttlps: primary department
for children: carriage will call. REV. ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
1S49 Jackson St.. San Francisco. Boarding and
Day School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. Leland Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity, Vassar and Smith Collepra.
SARAH D. HAMXJN. Prtaclpal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and
" VAN NESS SEMINARY.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
302 Montgomery St.. San :~ranclseo. Cal.
Lessons personally and by mall. Acknowledged
by official reporters "beat teachers, best system. '
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear'street TVharl st 11 a. m.
E10E $l2»Mrst Class including BsrV*
r.'AnC S3 Second CI35-. ana Meals.
6TATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July 12. 21. AUJ. 1
COLUMBIA nails.., July 7. 17. 27. Auk. S
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points tn the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Asc-nt.
830 Market st.,
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
Formerly University Academy. Aiatneda. haa
been removed to Irvinston. Site of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful; climate unsur-
passed. Inspection of buildings and grounds ln-
vttcd. TV. W. ANDERSON. Principal.
ANDEKSOH ACAOEMY.
MILLS COLLECE AND SEMINARY
GRANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
grees; seminary course accredited to tho
Universities; rare opportunities offered in music,
nrt and elocution. AVrite for catalogue to MRS
C. T. MILLS. Pres., Mills College P. O.. Cali
Thirty fifth year: fall term opens Aus. 8. 1900.
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
Ect. 1S77. Men and women taught in one
month the science of navigating a vessel around
the world. Privately If desired. Marine engi-
neers prepared for license. CAPT. VOM
SCHOEN, M. E.. etc., principal. 42 Market St.
When nearly every person you meet is
afflicted weak digestion it is not sur-
prising^that nearly every secret patent
medicine on the market claims to be a cure
for dyspepsia, as well as a score of other
troubles, when in fact, as Dr. 'Werthier
says, there is but one "-enulne dyspepsia
cure which is perfectly safe and reliable,
and, moreover, this remedy is not a patent
medicine, but it is a scientific combination
of pure pepsin (free from animal matter>,
vegetable essences, fruit salts and bis-
muth. It is sold by druggists under name
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets! >To ex-
travagant claims are made for them, but
for indigestion or any stomach trouble
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are far ahead
of any remedy yet discovered. They act
on the food eaten, no dieting is necessary,
simply eat all the wholesome food you
want and these tablets will digest It. A
cure results, because all the stomach
needs is a rest, which Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets give by doing the work of. diges-
tion: -,y,-, ¦¦¦¦.;".
The national disease of Americans 13 ift-
digestlon or In Its chronic form dyspepsia,
and for the very reason that It is so com-
mon many people neglect taking proper
treatment for what they consider trifling
stomach trouble, when as a matter of
fact indigestion lays the foundation for
many Incurable diseases. No person with
a vigorous, healthy stomach will fall a
victim to consumption. Many kidney dis-
eases and heart troubles date their begin-
ning from poor digestion; thin, nervous
people are really so because their stom-
achs are out of gear; weary, languid,
faded out women owe their condition to
imperfect digestion.
and Indigestion.
A POPULAR MISTAKE
Regarding Remedies for Dysp3psia
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
JQQfi MARKET ST.— Actual business bock-
1-^OU keeping-, only expert accountants
and reporters as teachers. Crees shorthand
the easiest, fastest and most readable. Day
and evening.
That an investment
which secures you against
loss is better than one
which affords no security.
If you can participate in
an undertaking where the
possibilities of B!G RE-
TURNS ON YOUR IN-
VESTMENT are apparent
and at the same time have
held in trust for you
AMPLE SECURITIES to
reimburse you if such
possibilities do not bear
fruit, don't you think it
is better than to let your
money lie in savings
banks, whici cannot offer
you any greater security,
drawing a low interest
with n d chance of making
more?
What will happen to
you if you buy Ophir Oil
Stock is this: When oil
is struck, even in small
quantities, your money
will be more than doubled.
Should a large supply be
uncovered, a few hundreds
would surely yie.d thous-
ands of dollars.
If oil should not be dis-
covered you relinquish
your s ock and will re-
ceive back' the entire
amount paid in, together
with interest only a trifle
less than the interest paid
by sav ngs -banks.
Of course, such an op :
pcrtunity will not be
given any great length of
time.
Send for prospectus or
call at room 14,5th floor,
Mills Bailding.
J. P. MAS: IE,
Agent for San Franc!s:o and vicinity.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AHD VALLEJO. ;
„«*¦ , T Steamer "Montlce'.lo."
50a.
C^TEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
r "Sffu- > . st and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m.,—
for 1OKOHA11A and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at. Hongkong with steamers fcr In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
of Fauin~.
IS' O2 $. MARU - •••• Tuesday. July 10. 1300
S.S. AMERICA MARU
_J, •;••' • Friday. August 3. 19C0
SS. -HONGKONG MARU
* v... ......... Wednesday. August 2». 190)
!Vla Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
, W. IL AVERY, General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
OCEAN . TBAVEL.
KOSMOS UIEgg&=S5
ABYDOS .. «00A tnn!
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and HambSrg
via Mexican port?. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Abydos. 400O tons, sails about Aurut 1
J D SPRCCKELS & BROS. COl aS, L
7 - Fre:shf "»".
0CE.VN1C S. S. CO.-nONOLCXU. APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY. U
S. S. MOANA «vla Honolulu), to Xew Zea-
land and Australia. ...Wed.. July ji a ,» _,
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu on!y).... *
Wednesday. July 23 W'n' m
L D. SPRECKELS 4 BROS. CO.. A^/m n^tL^i
PUr 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Cfflce.32? MarketSt
HQITT'S SCH&OL,
Menlo Park. Cal. Superior advantages for the
care and training of boys and young men.
Charming surroundinKS, perfect ellmate, Tea-.Ii
year begins August «. . Send for catalogue
IRA G. I1OITT. Ph. P.. Principal.
Great Business Training and Shorthand School
Has the larcest and best equipped depta. In thi
West. 300 younsj men and women wanted Every
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland CaL
POLYTECHNIC g8!L N EG S E S
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME
Son Francisco. <" nl!?irnia.
STUDIKS WILL. BE RESUMED MOXDAT
August 6. 1?00. Dolores st.. near Sixteenth!
COMPAOSIS GENERATE TRANSATLANTIQ.UE.
DIRECT LIXK TO HAVRE-PARIS. --»»_,
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99. at •J**«*e*i
10 a. m.. from Pi<»r 42, North River, foot &t
Morton st. LA LORRAINE. July 12: LA BRE-
TACNE. July 19: LA CHAMPAGNE. July it-
LA TOtTRAINE. Auirust 2. First clas* to
Havre. JS2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, Jjo and upward: S per .vent reduction on
round trip. OENKRAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
war (Hudson Building). New York. J p
FUGAZI A CO., Pacinc Coast Agents. 5 Monti
Bomery avenue, San Francisco.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THEUBERAL CREDIT loilSE.
BRILLIANT'S,
FOK
FURNITURE
AND
GARRETS
*¦ , ' AT
REDUCED PRICES.
FREE DELIVERY WITHIN 1C0 MILES.
338-340-342 POST ST.,
. Open Evenings. .Near Powell.' Dr. Temple, the Arcnblshop of Canter
bury, who has reached the age of seventy
eight, Is a notable personality about
A Bishop's Good Guess.
whom many good stories are related.
Some years ago a young curate, seeking
to be licensed, was bidden by Dr. Temple
to read a few verses of the Bible, In or
der that his fitness for conducting public
worship might be. judged. - 'c-^'t •">"'*
"Not loud enough," was the criticism
of the Bishop when the young man had
finished.
-"Oh! I'm 'sorry to hear that, my lord,"
THE schooner Aggie, one of the hand
somest craft enrolled in the San
II Francisco Yacht Club, is on her way
down to Santa Catallna Island. At
8 o'clock on the evening of July 4 she en
countered a whale off Pigeon Point, but,
though the leviathan made things lively
for those on board the yacht for a time,
he ultimately swam away without smash-
Ing anything more Important than a sky
light. The yacht has on board her owner,
E. A. Wiltsee, the last commodore of the
Pacific Yacht Club of' happy memory: his
gupsts, W. R.-Whlttier nnd N. W. Wilson,
and the crew. She was modeled and built
by W. G. Hall and, wltji the exception of
J. D. Spreckels' Lurlijne; Is tho largest
and finest yacht on SAn Francisco Bay.
Sh« is a centerboar'd boat, and has an
over all length of 77.73 feet. She was 'at
one time owned by the Wieland brothers
and is a fine peairoins craft. She made
a trip to the southern waters last- year.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 7— Stmr Marquette,
for London; etmr Potsdam, for Rotterdam, via
Boulogne; stmr Etruria." for Liverpool; stmr
Anchoria, for Glasgow; stmr Phoenicia, for
Hamburg, via Cherbourg; etmr Trave, for
rJremcn. via ChmjourK and Southampton; utmr
Noree for Copenhagen.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 7— Stmr Georgic,
from New York; stmr Lucanla. from New
Saiied July 6— Stmr Cevic, for New York.
June 7— Stmr Servia, for New York.
SYDNEY. NSW— Sailed July .7— Stmr Ala
meda. for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 7— Stmr- South wark.
for New York.
. HAVRE— Sailed July 7— Stmr La Bretagrne,
for "New York. ' -
CHERBOURG — Sailed July 7— Stmr St Paul,
trom Southampton, for New York.
OCEAN BTEAMEnS.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE,
HANDSOME SCHOONER YACHT AGGIE AND HER CAPTAIN.
"Excuse me," said the detective, as he
presented himself at the door of the music
conservatory; "but I hope you'll give me
what Information you have and not make
any fuss."
"What do you mean?" was the indig
nant inquiry. - : :».•'.
"Why, that little affair, you know."
"I don't understand."
"Why, you Fee. we got a tip from the
boarding-house next door that somebody
here has hrcn murdering Wagner, and the
bo«s fnt me down to work up the case." —
F> change.
The natives of that part of Smith Af
rica which to a great extent is inhabited
by Bushmen and Hottentots have a pe
culiar system of banks and banking.
These Kaffirs, among whom this cu
rious jiyptf-m of hanking obtains, live near
Kaffraria, in the south of the colony coun
try. The natives- come down south from
their country to trade in the several vil
lages and towns in large numbers, Btajr
with th« Boers for a time, then return
to Kaffraria. : -
Their banking facilities are very primi
tive, and consist entirely of banks of- de
posit alone, without banks of discount or
issue, and they have no checks. But still
they enjoy banking privileges, such as
they are.
From those who trade, of their own
number, they select one, who for -the oc
casion is to be their banker. He is con
verted into a bahk of deposit by putting
all the money of those whose banker he
is into a bag. and then they sally forth
to the>stores to buy whatever they want.
When an article Js purchased by any
of those who are In this banking arrange
ment the price of the article is taken by
the banker from this deposit money bag,
counted several times and then paid to
the seller of the article, after which all
the bank depositors cry out to the banker
in the presence of the two witnesses se
lected: «
"You owe me ho much!" This Is then
repeated by the witnesses.- The general
accounting comes between the banket
and his pevcral depositors when all de»
sired purchases have been made, aftei
which all the natt\v»s depart for their
northern wilds.— Tit-Bits.
Kaffirs Banking Their Money.
Good Name-She Chose.
"Remember, dear,"said the venerable
father, as he sent hia youngest and most
petted daughter away to the boarding
school, "that all my hopes are now cen
tered on you. Remember in all your strug
gles for intellectual supremacy, your tri
umphs, that a good name is rather to be
chosen than great riches."
"I will, father,", replied the wefcping girl,
and the train bore her away. Will it bo
believed that three years later that girl
married a man who bore the name of Gan
dershenks! . .
OAKLAND, July 7.— Two new fire en
gines purchased for the annexed' district
were given satisfactory tests to-day by
Mayor Snow and City Engineer Clement.
Fire Engines Tested.
A Cape paper relates an amusing story
rt an incident that took place at one o'f
the informal gatherings of the leading
members of the Volksraad at President
KrugT's house, in the days when Jou
bert and his honor were not on the best
of terms. The President desired to con
pult pome papers relating to the subject
under discussion; and, as they were placed
j->n ar shelf Fomo distance from the ground.
TOSde one or two futile attempts to reach
th«rn. Joubert, who is tall, came to his
fiFsistnnce, Faying, "Let me bring them;
I am higher than you." "You are loncor,
Pkt. not higher," corrected Kruger with
e frown.
Joubert Stood Corrected.
BERKELEY, July 7.— Henry G. Lybeck
the 10-year-old son of Mrs. Lybeck of 203<3
Shattuck avenue, nearly lost his eyesight
last night by the explosion of a piece of
fireworks. Young Lybeck stooped over
the piece, the fuse of which had. gone out
to blow it, when it suddenly exploded.
Another Boy Injured.
CRUISING DOWN THE COAST
TO SANTA CATALINA ISLAND
replied the curate; "a lady In the church
yesterday told mo I could be heard most
plainly all over."
"Ah! are you engaged?" suddenly asked
Dr. Temple.
"Yes, my lord."
The Bishop smiled primly and said:
"Now. listen to me. young man. Whils
j-ou are engaged, don't believe everything
the lady tells you: but." he added, with
a deep chuckle, "after you are married
believe every word she sas's."— Ch!cago
News.
The Legislature of 1S99 passed an act
providing fo^the construction of a wagon
road from the Mono Lake basin to con
nect with the Tioga road, and appropri
ated $25,000 for the purposes of construc
tion. The road when completed, declares
the act, shall be a State highway, and be
placed under the control of the State De
partment of Highways. The Highway
Commissioner, through Congressman Ma
rion de Vries, applied to the Secretary of
the Interior for permission to construct
the road through the forest reservation.
This permission the Secretary refused
to grant.^or the reason that to place such
a road as contemplated under the con
trol -of the California Department of
Highways would result in such a divi
sion of * authority and responsibility as
would militate against the proper admin
istration of the affaira of the reservation.
Mr. Maude then sought the advice of the
Attorney General with relation to the au
thority of the Highway Commissioner to
condemn the land necessary for such a
road with the result stated. The Attor
ney General states that it is very doubt
ful' whether a State can condemn for pub
lic use the land reserved by the United.
States Government from settlement, oc
cupancy and sale. But, even though the
power existed, statutes providing for the
taking o? property, by exercising the
power of eminent domain must be strictly
construed, and neither the act authoriz
inc the construction of the road nor the
act defining the general powers of the
Highway Department give the 'right, in
Ft)., ilic terms, to condemn a right or way
through Federal lands so reserved. Aside
from these considerations, there is still
the objection that the State law providing
for the taking of property by eminent do
main states that the proceedings must be
brought in the Superior Court of the
countv in which the property is situate,
and it is well settled that suits against
the United States cannot be maintained
in a State court.
Attorney Ooneral Tirey L. Ford, upon a
report made to him by Deputy William
M. Abbott, has rendered an opinion to the
effect that State Highway Commissioner
J. L- Maude has no authority to condemn
a right of way for the so-called Tioga
,road through the lands In the Yosmite
National Park, withheld from settlement
by the TJnited States Government as a
forest reservation.
Attorney General Rules in Favor of
Stand Taken by Secretary of
Interior Regarding
Matter.
State Highway Commis
sioner Cannot Condemn
a Right of Way.
HAS NO POWER
TO CONSTRUCT
TIOGA ROM
"Well, I havo nothing to do with the
claim for money," said Judge Lawlor.
"That matter must be settled by civil ac
tion; hence I will grant the prayer of the
petitioner."
Mrs. Plunkett grasped her baby and
kissed her again and again, while Mrs.
Donovan hurried from the court with the
evident determination of following Judge
Lawlor's advice and forthwith filing suit
against Plunkett.
The effort of Mrs. Maggie Donovan of
7 McCormack street to retain possession
of the baby daughter of Mr. end Mrs.
John Plunkett as a human chattel to se
cure an Indebtedness of $100 has met with
utter failure. All of the parties in Inter
est appeared Jn Judge Lawlor's court yes
terday in response to summons Issued un
der habeas corpus process, by which the
child's parents sought to secure her cus
tody. ' '
Some months ago Mr. Pluijkett, who is a
mechanic by trade, found himself without
employment, and in order to maintain
herself and baby and assist her husband
Mrs. Plunkett decided to find employ
ment. This she did and placed her baby
In Mrs. Donovan's charge, agreeing to
pay $20 a month for the child's support.
A short time ago Plunkett secured work
again and decided to once more, gather
his little family around him. Mrs. Dono
van, however, refused to surrender the
possession of the child until her bill for
$100 for five months' services was liqui
dated. Mr. Plunkett did not have the
money to meet her -demand and, as his
pleading* for possession of his baby were
without avail, he decided to sue out a writ
of habeas corpus. When the matter was
called for hearing yesterday Mrs. Dono
van swore to the facts stated.
Judge Lawlor Gives the- Baby
Daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
John Flunkett Into
Their Keeping.
Mrs. Maggie Donovan Finds
That Parents Are Legal
Guardians.
COULD NOT HOLD
CHILD TO SECURE
INDEBTEDNESS
paid for jlr»:r care and efficiency. Xo one
"< :ni tell whether they have slighted their
work untii next winter, when the eggs are
taken out of storaire. The overlooking of
me decayed egg may cause the o;?gs of the
whole case to decay* and one case of bad
<Rtz* would spoil dozens.
After the egsrs have bf^n candled and
selected and packed in new white wood
cas^a, they fire placed in ?tr>rag<? rooms
where a temperature of 31 ur-gres Fahr
*nfa<*it is maintained. They are held in
that ?en'iperature until taken out next
¦winter. — Kansas City Star.
nr<» ««o constructed that only a ray of
Ugbt is admitted. Standing, before the
".;.'!. t a workman examines each egg by
holding it up to the light. If the ray
chines through the egg clearly It is all
richt as far as quality is concerned.
<"loan*in'ftf= and riz<» ar» two important
r-orsoition* to he reckoned, and eggs must
ra^tl all the requirements before they will
)>• accepted i<-r storage. The attention
jiyid to candling has increased «*aeh sea
son. A ff-w yars a£O the only candling
rnorrif in Kansas City wrrc small inclosed
> pac !¦ in the r^ar of commission houses,
where only one man could work at a time.
Now many men consider ogg candling
*',clr regular trade. n»i<l experts are well
There are many interesting details in
rpg handling which are but slightly
known to the average consumer of
poached eggs and omelets. Few people
realize the number of different hands an
e:jrg passes through on its journey from
the neet where it was laid in the farm
vsrd cf the country to the dining room
where it is eaten in the city. The impor
tance of eggs for use in the arts and. their
commercial importance outside of their
vaJue as a food product are interesting,
handling egge is an important feature of
the storage season. It Is a simpte process
rrf holding an egg to the light in a dark
loom. for the purpose of determining its
quality.: Handlers, who store *-ggs, have
learned by experience the necessity for
« HminatlEg all except the largest," cleaji
*-st and freshest eggs from cases which
fi re to be carried in storage for several
months. Charles A. Moior, head candler
at Armour'*, has from ten to thirty men
•working under his direction throughout
i be season. The candling room is long
and narrow, with benches fitted up
jo-ound the wall. At short intervals elec
tric lights are strung from the ceiling.
The room has no windows and the lights
Half a. million dollars is a large sum of
¦fcioney to be Invested in 60 Email and ap
parently i~ si gill Scant a. commodity as
* Ege, vet that represents approximately
lbs v&iue of the eggs being placed in the
cold storage warehouses of Kansas City
this spring. The season Is now at its
height, ana before the close about 120.000
CAsea, e«.ch contalnir.gr thirty dozen eggs,
will be laid away for next winter's use.
This Is a much larger Quantity than was
ever stored here before. Last spring
• ebout fc.'i,0iX) cases were stored in Kansas
«:ty warehouses. The increase is re
markable for th« reason that few dealers
.made any profit In their venture last sea
son, while the majority lost ?2 to $3 on
even* case stored. One explanation of
the increane is that outside dealers and
speculators are looking •with more favor
nn Kansas City as a storing point and as
fi market where thev can dispose of their
holdings most satisfactorily.
for Use in the Winter Months.
How They Axe Kept by the Million
EGGS IN COLD STORAGE.
to the inspiring tunes of Its band, fife
and drum corps march to the ferry and
embark on its journey. On their arrival
at Santa Cruz the cadets will march
through that city to their camping place
and take possession. In the evening the
band will give a concert. An interesting
programme has been arranged for the
week. On Sunday the regiment -will at
tend a military mass in the bathhouse pa
vilion; on Monday evening a reception
will be tendered the soldier boys; the fol
lowing evening there will be a dance In
the pavilion under the auspices of the
first sergeants; on "Wednesday evening a
dress parade will be given on the main
street of Santa Cruz, and on Thursday
night a dance and reception will be ten
dered the cadets by the lady residents of
the citv. Oti Saturday afternoon a field
day, which promises to be highly excit
ing, will be held on the grounds of the
Country Club. In'the evening thero will
be a ferewell dance and concert.
Colonel E. J. Power, the popular com
mander of the regiment, will receive able
assistance from Sergeant Gaughran. at
present drill Instructor of the local Police
Department and late of the United States
artillery, and Sergeant Fllhauer of the
Third Artillery, w'ho are going to spend
their vacation with the cadets. Drs. Mor
rjj=ey and Sullivan will look after the
health of the lads and will receive ample
assistance from the excellent hospital
corps, which is presided over by Ignatius
Kogarty.
COLONEL E. J. POWER.
NEARLY BOO members of the First
Regiment, League of the Cross Ca
dets, will endeavor to capture
fianta Cruz on Saturday next. The
pretty town by the seashore is prepar
ing to surrender to the young soldiers
with good grace, and its inhabitants are
arranging to entertain them in royal fash
ion. One year ago the lads encamped
among the '/beachcombers" and not only
won the hearty approval of all the resi
dents but were showered with invitations
to pitch their tents among them again.
The warm Invitation has been accepted,
and on Thursday next an advance guard
in command di Lieutenant Vincent Car
roll, the Quartermaster, and Lieutenant
William Beasley of Company H will de
scend on the town and prepare the tented
city for occunaney.
The encampment promises to surpass
any of its kind held by the regiment since
its organization. It will be najned afte*
Rev. Philip O'Ryan. the popular spiritual
adviser of the regiment. Camp O Ryan
will be situated within the inclosure used
for baseball contests. As high board
fences surround the park, the cadets who
have a penchant for "running the guard
will have to be expert climbers to escape
detection. .„ _;
Next Saturday the regiment will assem
ble at its armory at Tenth and Market
streets shortly after the noon hour and
whether he !:riiiKS a. blessing or a curse.
The Jew has l>ecn caricatured on the stage
nnd in print; ho has been defamed by
those who pretended to show him as he is.
r.!;d there may be a tendency among our
people t<. lx? suspicious of the friendship.
the Bood Caltta and ihf» information of
those who write books or plays about the
life of the Ghetto.
"If we fear 'that a r'ay will make the
Jew P^em worse in gerull** eyes we have a
riaht to ask th« author by what riphyhe
invades our privacy. But when a pljtf Js
by one of our own blood, schooled in our
schools and ¦ynagoguefl and heir to all the
sentiments and traditions of Israel, ought
we not prefer to have his pen picture us
to the outside w<--rld than to fall under the
irercies of one who may not be an enemy,
but who certainly is not one. of us?
"There are. I cm aware, episodes, points
of view. influences in Jewish life, that are
very hard lor the outside world to under
stand. And the verdict we must Rive on
Zar.pwiH's work is that it is better to have
truth, even if not all the truth. It is well
to bart something to counteract the bane
ful influences of those who have ¦written
with prejudice end without knowledge of
The Jew.
"Rob Shemu^l is a frreat character, but
r«">t an exceptional one. He is found in
every ghetto of the world — a true servant
of God. The true hero in the play is not
The jrirl. but the rabbi. He is the embodi
ment of the highest sense of right and loy
alty to law; of the highest idealism in
jsrael.- 1 find one great fault with "The
Children of the Ghetto.' It contains not
me representative of the Jewish woman
we know of In the ghetto— the woman who
is the counterpart of Reb Shemuel. We
Know her to be full of sweetness, piety
end gentleness — the matron, the wife, the
mother, whose home is a sanctuary."
Eegrets That "The Children of the
Ghetto"' Does Not Portray a
Representative Jewish.
Woman.
«
nalihi Jpidnr* Myers of the Bush-Ftreet
Fyn.icrojrje d«lj?;hted a larpe congregation
which attended the Sabbath services yes
terday morr.ins by his < lear exposition
and critiripm of Israel Zangrwill's famous
book "The Children of the Ghetto."
• # Thorc have boon so many writers," he
caid. "who hnve hold up the Jew to scorn.
FXagS*i*led his little faults and invented
mx*Q attributed to him shortcomings that
arc ijih his. thru whenever a man holds
Up a plass in which the Jew may pee him
self or that frivrs pentiles an insight into
the hfe of the Jewish nation we ask him
Rabbi Myers Criticizes the
Book and Play of
the Author.
PAYS TRIBUTE
TO ZANGWILL'S
GREAT ABILITY
THE §AN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 8, 1900.
CADETS WILL AGAIN
CAPTURE SANTA CRUZ
29
MAKE US BUSY.
LrADIES' APRONS made of the
best colored checked Ginghams,
deep hems, within everybody's reach
....: is^c
If you want the genuine Her Maj-
esty Corsets you will be sure to find
them here.
IT'S VALUES LIKE THESE THAT
The new military shaped corse\
Made of the best black and gray
sateen; double side steels; rust-proof
front steels; hand-Kored; bias cut.
These corsets will give you the new
military erectness of carriage. We
sell as we advertise $1.00
Agent of the World-Renowned La
Vida Corset. ' . '
THIS WEEK !
$2.00 CORSET FOR $1.00.
IT'S TRUE!
ROSENBERG is KING in COR-
SETS. Lowness in price and best
in quality. If your size is 18, 19,
20 or 21 you can buy the genuine
Her Majesty Corset, the $2 75
and $4 OO quality, for 75c. They
come in black and gray, slightly
soiled. They're a drummer's sam-
ple line.
Tailors and dressmakers are
delighted with, it because it en-
ables them to give their patrons
a perfect fit and perfect form. If
worn without a corset it' is an
efficient. bust supporter and -will
be hailed with delight, by ath-
letic women who ' want their
waist entirely free. Within
everybody's reach. This week's
price $1.OO.
ti/'jl "W \ out if bo de-
sired. It is made of summer
netting 1 and fast black sateen. '
be worn with-
Thin People Made Fat.
fWe always
lead in. show-
ing something
new to our pa-
trons. This
time it is a
Bust Perfector.
It is designed
to be worn
over a corset,
but also can
THIS IS THE HEW BUST
PERFECTOR.
r Ladles' com- /l\\o^4j,
blnation suits, f=vrf^**
made of the best S$J\J
> French lisle thread, r
Swiss ribbed, hijh neck,
long sleeves, ankle length,
full finish, best made, whole-
sale price $12.00 ptr dozen,
our clearance sale price 75c each.
BEAT THIS
IF. YOU CAN.
6 pairs for 9Sc: they are wonders,
and we have too many of them;
that's the reason we are selling them
at this price.
50 dozen CHILDREN'S HOSE.
Swiss ribbed, double heeia. double
toes. Ironclad finish, fast black, all
sizes, and they are wonders for these
prices— 6 pairs for ?Sc.
LITTLE HOSIERY FOR LITTLE
PEOPLE AT LITfLE PRICES.
heels, double toes,
full length, all sizes: Just ths
stocking for delicate feet. "We
sell as we advertise, lflc.
t8973 Pairs of
Ladies' Hose,
made of the very
best South Sea
Island cotton.
Just the hose for
summer wear.
Color, tan. Silk
finish, double
WORTH READING!
50c HOSIERY NOW 19c.
wide; the
price will
create a sen-
sation. » for
the valu<» of
these lac*»
Will offer
them until
sold...?c yd.
1^00 v.ird*
Btaok Chan-
HUy Lace,
all Silk. CO
different pat-
terns to
choose from.
MENT,
8c for 50c Lacs.
LADIES'* DRESS SKIRTS^
Made of the best white pique,
steam shrunk, full width, all
sizes, deep hem. They are extra-
ordinary values. You can not
have them made at the price we
are asking for them. Thi3 -week's
price 49c.
IH OUR BUSY LACE DEPART-
$1.50 WHITE PIQUE SKIRTS
now 49c.
NOMICAL HOUSEWIVES
300 bunches ladies' handker-
chisfs, three and four In a bunch;
th:y are manufacturer's samples;
we put them on sale Monday at
p.-rces that will astound the clos-
est buyer; there won't te one Jeft
at noon.
INTERESTING TO ALL ECO-
yfU?vK, Ladies hemstkch-
LtilSS* ed, colored border,
~~ *— "* gooi lawn, 4c each.
G:nts* handkerchiefs,
sara: quality as above. 6c.
HANDKER-
CHIEF NEWS.
LADIES' GOWNS.
Mad© of the best soft bleached
Muslin, the new yoke effect with
eight rows tucking and six rows of
insertion, neck and sleeves trimmed
with fine embroidery- The kind you
have paid a great deal more for.
This week's price 75o
Beat this price If you can.
LADIES' GOWNS.
Made of the best Lonsdale Cam-
bric, bias yoke effect, with eight rows
insertion, finished with extra fine
headinsr, and trimmed with tine em-
broidery, full width and length, per-
fect fitting/ If they were made to
order they could not be any better.
Economical housewives will call
them a bargain for the price we are
selling them this . week 98c
PRICES AWAY DOWN.
LADIES' SOFT BLEACHED CAM-
BRIC DRAWERS, trimmed with
wide flounces of cambric, two rows
torchon insertion edged with wide
lace to match. You caniot resist at
the price w© are selling them for;
thi5 week <«>c
GOT IT.
A FEW OF THE CHOICE OF-
FERINGS THAT WILL GREET
YOU IN THIS DEPARTMENT
THIS WEEK.
nainsook, washable and odorless. It's
made of vegetable fiber. It's a new
shield, worth inspecting. This week's
price 25c. -
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR GOOD
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR AT EX-
TREMELY LOW PRICES WE HAVE
NOTIONS.
THEY ARE LITTLE ARTICLE3
AND WE BELL THEM AT LITTLE
PRICES.
Large spool knitting silk, So.
Cube pins, large size, 5c
Xickel-plated safety pins, all elzes,
3c.
Stockinet dress shields, the food
kind, 8c.
Book pins, black and white assort-
ment, 5c a book.
Paper pins, the genuine homestead
quality, 5c.
Milward's needles, the genuine arti-
cle, 3 papers for 10c.
If there Is anything
• JJHL new and good you
«jsj% will he sure to find it
fief at Rosenberg's.
/ \*j This time it Is a
,-^wNfc^ dress shield. It is a
//* rr 52'l shield that is self-
/ FS^i?7 I adjusting-. washable.
//yi^r / covered with the best
(v*~SJ» / nainsook, lined with
tf£^7j2 the best Bernard rub-
UH§jT'TffT& ber. It Is a shield
'JtjSifXIMy^ that can be taken off
and on in any dress
without sewing. Price 25c.
We make a specialty of the Omo
Iresa shield. Covered with the best
NOTABLE VALUES IN OUR WRAPPER
DEPARTMENT.
Ladles' Wrappers, made of best
percale, striped and figured ef-
fects, lined, some trimmed with
braid, others with raffles, full
length and full width, all sizes,
worth double the price -we ask for
them this week, 98 cents.
mBEJr Ladles' vests, hteh neck and short sleeves, made of the finest
BBr Peruvian cotton, neck and armholes crocheted and draw through with "^q
~ tape, colors pink, blu; and white, unexcelled valua for 25c, this week, i2>$c.
AND STILL .ANOTHER.
Ladles' vests, made of Egyptian cotton, Swiss ribbed, low neck, no sleeves, tape finished;
laundering of these is more jthan the pries we s:ll them for, 6c
SENSATIONAL OFFERINGS
IN OUR KNITTED UNDERWEAR DEPARTMENT.
YOU GET YOUR MONEY'S WORTH
AT ROSENBERG'S.
In our Suit Department, Second
Floor, O'Farrell-street Entrance.
"Ladies' Dress Skirts, made of best
gray wool • cheviot, applique, black
taffeta silk down one side, new back,
perfect hanging, lined throughout
and bound, strictly man-tailored,
now $6 50. We have many other
ekirts In higher and lower grades, all
reduced. *
SHIRT WAIST BARGAINS
and checked e:
THAT ARE WONDERS.
'iPI'IPrlNi shirt
J»Lj|&«Jt$^, waists.
/rajP^giS^^NV Made of
Hf^^rHK£*W$ ; P e rcales,
and checked effects, -well made,
perfect fitting 1 , all sizes and de-
tachable collars. We challenge
you to buy the material for the
price -we are selling them this
week. First come, first'served.
We can not guarantee how long
"we ¦will have them in our store
at the price we are asking for
them, 29c
A SAMPLE LINE OF WAISTS.
If you wear 34, 36 and 38, here's a
chance for you. They are the best
materials, best finish and best styles
that money can buy. They are one
of the New York manufacturer's
sample line. They come In white
and colors, lace and tucked effects.
Don't miss this opportunity if you
want a fine waist In fit and quality
at the price that we will ask.
WHEN WE SHOW A STYLE IT'S NEW.
When We Guarantee an Article
It's Good.
f-WHT NOT BE IN
THE SWIM?
LADIES'. GOLF
SKIRT for $123. ..
These are made- of
the best checked den-
>» im, tailor stitched and
finished. They tit and
A hang 1 perfect, because
y they are made that
a way. The making
would cost you more
than what we ask for
the skirt; sale price
$ 1 . 2 5
AND ANOTHER !
Made of all wool Eng-
lish golfing, checked back: colors
blue, gray, brown and black: tailor
made; perfect hanging 1 ; this week
$4.00
A Landmarks Club la one of Southern
California's organizations.
GBAPE-NTJTS.
I No Cooking|
g In hot weather. |
|; Eat... I
I Qrape=Nuts|
k'9. '¦] *-~ : X «
• *-' ready cooked, crisp, S
/', dflicisus anj wonderfully £?
g Healthy. <5
¦ Henry Cabot Lodge has introduced a bill
to secure for, books from public and in-
corporated libraries second-class rates—
that is. one centra pound. This would, of
course,^ add largely to the postal deficit,
as books can not be transported for. one
cent a pound. 'but at the same time it
would probably not be used to 6uch an
extent that it will entail a very serious
loss and it will unaoubtedly be a boon to
many individuals..
But they feel like shoes
• , that cost more.
NO ONE ELSE
HERE HAS THEM.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
• 10 Third St, San Francisco. ¦
B, KATCHINSKI,
Citizens muft repister this year— 1900-1-
rcgardi.ess of any former registration. •
you don't
have to "break in."
Try a pair of shoes I
(Pingre* made).
CO3T $3*^
"Gloria"
A recent investigation has shown that
more than half the families of Stuttgart
have only one or two rooms that can b»
heated.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S/6 MARKET STREET,
Running Through to 11 O'Farrel! Street.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
the
*
j i^ «*»T»«*1 . <y ¦ .
¦s3jPark Music Programm*-
Following Is the programme of music
to be rendered at the park to-day: Q:-,
PART II.
PART. I.
Overture, "ilerry . Wives of .Windsor"..... .
?.. .....Nlcolal
Concert mazourka. "La Source"...... ;.Dellbes
Selection, "The Bells of Corneville"
:.'.'.... .'.'......'...'.'..... r . .'....'..•• Planquette
"Prussian Tattoo of 1720"....: ..Godfrey
Operatic and. popular, melange Trcnkler
Fantasia. "Aida" .....:.... ..Verdi
Solo for horn, "Slclllana" from ,"CuvaIlerla
Rustlcana" ...: ....Maacagnl
Performed-by Mr. E.Schlott.
Waltz.. "Fideles Wleri" .....Komzak
Descriptive. ."Jolly Musicians 1 '... ..Herman
March. "Under Fire 11 : ....... ...... ....\. .J. Russel
There is I to be a grand dedication con
'cert of the new band 'stand with enlarged
band; tho date of which will be announced
hereafter.
Oh, What a Headache.
To-morrow ' (Monday) on sale 500 pairs
ladies' shoes and ties. 25 cents" a pair. Just
the thing for vacation. Btandard Shoe
Company. 1029 Market street, between,
Sixth and Seventh. •
Justice Gro«zing«r Benders Judg
ment In a Suit Brought Against
A. Soher.
Justice Groezinger rendered a Judgment
by default yesterday in the Bult brought
by J. J. Rauer against A. Soher of 204
Bills street for payment of a not© signed
by Soher. The judgment carries with it
$140 as principal, $o90 40 interest and $3
costs. The note was assigned to Rauer
bv Victor "Williams and was executed on
September 1. 1S92. The sum loaned was
$140, and was to bear interest at 5 per cent
per month. .
INTEREST WAS FOUR
TIMES THE PRINCIPAL
The generous response by the public to
the appeal for contributions to the Swee
ney fund is fittingly recognized by Fire
Chief Sullivan in the following communi
cation addressed by him yesterday to the
editor of The Call:
HEADQUARTERS OF THE SAN FRAN
CISCO FIRE DEPARTMENT. CITY.
July 7, 190a
To the Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Sir:
It is with the most profound feelings of grati
tude that I beg to give to the generous public
of this city a report of the result of the benefit
performance given by the Associated Theatrical
Managprs of San Francisco in aid of the widow
and orphans of our late gallant comrade. John
Edward Sweeney, and the amount of money so
freely donated to the fund. I beg to Inclose to
you a copy of a letter which I have to-day re
ceived from the secretary of the Associated
Theatrical Managers, which shows that the
grand total of the sale of tickets for the per
formance reached the sum of seven thousand
nine hundred and flfty-elght dollars ($7955).
The amount of cash contributions which hav«
been sent to me up to this afternoon amounts
to the munificent sum of six thousand live hun
dred and ninety-three dollars and sixty cents
(?6593 60), giving a gTand total of fourteen
thousand five hundred and fifty-one dollars and
sixty cents <$ll.551 CO). I feel that It is a matter
of duty to let the public know what will be the
disposition of this magnificent fund, to which
is yet to he added the contributions which your
valuable paper and other newspapers have in
charge.
Acting <•:» the wish of Mr*. Sweeney that I
should take charge of this fund. I have con
sulted with many of the prominent business
men of the city, for I wish' to take no step
without feeling assured that It will meet the
hearty approval of all who have made the fund
popslble. The general opinion of the gentlemen
I have consulted is that the money should be
Invested in gilt-edged bonds for the benefit of
the orphans of the gallant Sweeney, the inter
est on the same, which will be 4 per cent or
more, to be paid to Mrs. Sweeney monthly.
This interest. . with the pension paid by the
Fire Department, will assure Mrs. Sweeney
about $90 per month. It Is proposed to Invest
the fund with the Union Trust Company of
this city, thus securing the principal until the
youngest child of Mrs. Sweeney comes of' age.
It is further proposed that there be three trus
tee»,«f this fund, and I. W. Hellman, Esq.. has
kindly consented to serve, while I am in hopes
that W. Crocker. Esq.. will also consent to act
as one of the trustees, the third trustee to be
myself on behalf of the Fire Department.
I cannot close thl* letter without once again
rendering sincere thanks on behalf of Mrs.
Sweeney and her fatherless ones, and also on
behalf of the men of my department . and for
myself to the public and all who made so great
a success of this grand testimonial to the dead
hero.
To the Associated Theatrical Managers of the
city, to the members of the theatrical profes
sion, to the musicians and stage hands, to the
theatrical attaches, to the newspapers, print-
Ing houses and the .thousands who donated so
freely to the fund we are deeply indebted, and
to all we say:
"Your bounty is beyond my speaking:
But, though my mouth be dumb, my heart
shall thank you."
Very respectfully yours,
D. T. SULLIVAN.
4. Chief S. F. F. D.
The letter received by the chief from
the theatrical managers is as follows:
Mr D. T. Sullivan. Chief San Francisco Fire
Department— Dear Sir: I take great pleasure,
in behalf of the Associated Theatrical Mana
gers of this city, to Inform you that the total
receipts realized for the benefit of the widow
and children of the late J. Edward Sweeney
amount to $7958. Inasmuch as all of the talent
wan volunteered, as well as the labor con
nected therewith. I am pleased to say that
17958 will be the net amount, and I inclose
herewith check for $427, being the balance due
In settlement Of same. Very truly,
MEXLVILLB MARX, Secretary, j
When the amounts received for the fund
at the various newspaper offices have
been added to the 114,551 60 now In the
hands of tha fire chief there will bo a
grand total of very nearly $20,000.
Chief Sullivan sent the following letter
to Dr Bunnell, head surgeon at the Re
ceiving Hospital, yesterday:
Through information furnished us by our
physician. Dr. T. P. Bodkin, let me. on behalf
of the Fire Department, thank you for tha
excellent care and treatment given our late
brother, John Edward Sweeney, who came to
you under circumstances well known to every
one. We are all assured that In the Emergency
Hospital sen-Ice there Is hope for those who are
so unfortunate as to need skillful and imme
diate surgical treatment and In cases where
tender care and anxious solicitude are neces
sary one is indeed safe in the hands of Chief
Steward C. C. Bucher.and Matron A. B. Wells.
Has Nearly Fifteen Thousand Dol
lars, and Other Contributions to
Hear From — Money Will Bo
Safely Invested.
Chief Sullivan Expresses
His Profound Gratitude
to the Public.
S WEEN EY FUND
REACHES LARGE
PROPORTIONS
JUBILEE DAY OF
THE ROYAL ARCH
CHAPTER MASONS
A Grand Day Entertainment
in Golden Gate Hall
for Ladies.
Banquet and Music in the Palace in
tlie Evening, Followed by
I>ancing Until Mid
night.
Charles C. McDougall; royal arch captain,
Thomas L. Henderson; master third vail, E.
J. Vogel: master eeeond vail, Ernst A. Buchse;
marter first vail, Gustave Gunzendorfer; treas
urer, Benjamin Harris; secretary. Henry G.
Prince: orsanlt=t. Theodore E. Smith; guard,
Edward Gliberte.
Choir— Clarence T. Wendell, first tenor;
Daniel M. Lawrence, first tenor; Alfred 'Wllkle,
second tenor; James E. Gordon, 6econd tenor;
A. A. Batkin. first l.aEe; C. L. Gag-e, first bass;
Edward O. Mr Bain, second bass; Walter C.
Campbell, second ba*s.
Most eminent high prieet, James M. Troutt;
eminent king. Charles W. Taber; eminent
scribe, Bralnard N. Rowley: captain of the
host, James E. Gordon: principal eojourner.
After the ropast and musical programme
there was dancing until midnight. The
officers of San Francisco Chapter No. 1
are:
An elaborate musical programme was
rendered under the direction of the gen
eral committee, consisting of James M.
Troutt. Charles W. Taber, B. N. Rowley,
Samuel Sternheim. Charles A. Warren,
LJavid C. Smith. James F. I^ogan. <». H.
Umbsen and John P. Fraser, assisted by
the following named members of the aux
iliary committee: T. E. Smith, H. M. Fur
man. Benjamin Harris, H. G. Prince.
James E. Gordon. Charles C. McDougall,
T. L. Henderson, Ed J. Vogel, E. A.
Buchse, G. Gunzendorfer and Z. U. Dodge.
On the stage were: Charles L. Patton.
grand master; Florin L. Jones, past grand
hiph priest; J. M. Troutt. Major E. A.
Sherman. Samuel M. Shortridge. Lieuten
ant Governor Jacob H. Neff. Colonel H. J.
Burns. Stewart Menzies and \V. C. Smith,
past high priest of the chapter. Judge
Truutt. the high priest who presided, de
livered a well prepared and interesting ad
dress on Masonry and the history of San
Francisco Chapter. Among other things
he called attention to the four grand high
priests who have been selected from San
Krancisco Chapter to preside over the
Grand Chapter, one of whom, Judge Mil
ton Hills Myrick. ex-Justice of the Su
preme Court, was co-operating with the
younger members'in the celebration. He
concluded in these words:
"Would that the disputes and the differ
ences of men ar.d nations might always
be settled by arbitration, and never by
force; and i"n the half-century next to
come let us seriously hope that the prin
ciples of Freemasonry may so far prevail
among men and nations everywhere that
truth and morality, enlightened reason
and justice may ever guide and protect
mankind from Ignorance and malice and
greed."
The closing portion of the celebration
was the banquet and dance at the Palace
Hotel. About 350 persons, about one-half
ladies, occupied the tables spread in the
dining hall, which for the occasion was
decorated with rare good taste, the princi
pal decoration, however, being in electric
lights, an announcement that the occasion
wai5 the golden Jubilee of San Francisco
Chapter of the Royal Arch Masons. The
tables were also decorated with flowers
and fern6. and the effect, with the brilliant
company, was very pretty.
San Francisco Chapter Xo. 1, the pio
neer of the Royal Arch Masons of Cali
fornia, began its celebration of the golden
Jubilee of its institution by an entertain
ment In Golden Gate Hall at 2 o'clock yes
terday afternoon. There was a good at
tendance of ladies and their escorts in the
hall which was decorated in the American
colors a red and blue stage setting and
many living plants judiciously distributed.
The following programme was rendered:
Overture, "William Tell." orchestra; Intro
ductory remarks. M. E. High Priest J&nws M.
Troutt; octet, •'Breeze of the Night, chapter
choir- address. Florin L. Jones, past errand
high priest State of California: Intermezzo,
•¦Cavaleria. Kustlcana," orchestra: address.
Charles L. Patton, grand master F. and A.
Masons State of California; soprano 6olo, "btar
s^aiiKled Hanner," Miss Alma Berjlund; ad
dress. Companion Samuel M. fc>hortrldge;
violin solo, "II Trovatore," little Gladys llunro;
octet. "Kulers of the Sea," chapter choir;
brass quartet. "The Old Folks at Home,
phonograph; inarch. "American Republic, " or
chestra.
MESSAGES FLY
OVER THE WATER
ON AIR WAVES
Fort Mason Communicates
With Alcatraz by Wire
less Telegraphy.
Practical Demonstration of the Util
ity of Marconi's Invention is
Made by Military
Men.
The masts utilized in the sending of
wireless messages are tho ordinary flag
poles. Batteries induce electrical agita
tion at the tops of the poles and messages
of anv length are easily and perfectly re
ceived through the agency of ordinary
telegraphic Instruments.
The distance between Fort Mason and
Alcatraz Island is hardly more than one
and a half miles, but messages have been
gent many miles by wireless telegraphy.
The local atmospheric conditions have
proved to be as favorable to the transmis
sion of these messages here as elsewhere.
The wireless telegraphy is used success
fully among the fortifications around th»;
harbor of New York. The strategic value
of the invention, from a military point
of view, is that communication cannot be
cut off by an enemy.
Military officers stationed here say that
while the messages are diffused in all di
rections and so can be easily caught at
any point where the proper apparatus Is
located, the use of a secret military code
would prevent an enemy from learning
anything through such leakage. During
the experiments between Fort Mason and
Alcatraz Island the old Morse code, fa
miliar to all handlers of the key, has been
used.
"Wireless telegraphy has achieved an
other signal victory. Fort Mason and
Alcatraz Island have "been using the sys
tem successfully for a fortnight. At
each place a mast about seventy-rtve feet
high has been equipped on. the lines laid
down by Marconi, and there has been no
difficulty in carrying on conversations be
tween the two military posts. The sound
ers have acted perfectly. Messages have
flown to and tro, in space, borne by the
mysterious etheric waves.
The fact has been satisfactorily demon
strated that all the military posts around
the bay of San Francisco can communi
cate with each other by wireless teleg
raphy, and any vessel in the bay, prOp
erly equipped, can receive and send mes
sages.
The experiments have recently been un
der the direction of Captain Dyer. In
charge of the Signal Service during the
absence of Major Moore. The public has
not been invited to visit either Fort Ma
son or Alcatraz Island, nor will it be, as
the presence of a crowd would Interfere
with the work of the Signal Service Corps
and there Is really nothing to see, any
way.
WRECK OF THE MORGAN
CITY CAUSES A SUIT
The Frankfort Marine Company
Asked to Pay a Policy on
Charter Earnings.
Suit was brought In the united States
Cricuit Court yesterday by the Joseph La
due Gold Mining and Development Com
pany against the Frankfort Marine Insur
ance Company of Frankfort-on-the-Main,
«;«-nnany, to recover J1S.8S8 S& insurance,
alleged to be due on a policy for the char
ter money earned by the; United States
transport Morgan City up to the time of
hfr shipwreck in Chinese waters.
The complaint recites that the Morgan
City was chartered by the Government at
the" rate of SGOO per day net, and that the
plaintiff paid the defendant a premium of
J7.V) for $25,000 insurance on the charter
money to be earned. The steamer was
wrecked on September 1, 1899, after earn
ing 113,400 charter money, leaving the loss
$41,0)0. the total sum of the charter con
tract being $54,000. The sum sued for is cal
culated as twenty-five fifty-fourths of $<500
per day. Interest and costs are also asked
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50o flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
this city,
Of "vVTielan'B Sample Rooms, Uklah. Cal., and
manager of Highland Springs Club House, sea
son of 1S99, has purchased the Index Bar. 606.
"W. Market street, and opened tha samo on July
2, 1900, with the finest American straight whis
keys. Irish and Scotch, and will be pleased to
nee his many old friends and acquaintances In
Jno. G. Whelan,
James Lester Mayfield was granted a di
vorce by Judge Bahrs yesterday from
Lulu May Mayfield on the ground of
cruelty. Elvira Cunningham has sued
William Cunningham for a divorce, alleg
ing cruelty as cause of action. .
In the Divorce Court.
Vldo Opusvich was held to answer be
fore tho Superior Court by Judge Conlan
yesterday on the charge of murder with
out ball. He shot and killed JohnPopo
*'ich at Stockton and Pacific streets two
weeks ago.
Held for Murder.
The monthly general communion for the
Gentlemen's Sodality attached to St. Igna
tius Church will be held this morning at
the. 7:30 o'clock mass. The members will
meet at their chapel in the basement of
the church ani march in solemn proces
sion to the large church, where they will
receive ho!y communion in a body. Messrs.
M. H. Kelly. Cleary, Dr. Cunningham,
Cruza; L». O'DriscoIl, Dr. Dougias, David
J. Costello, J. H. McGinney, H. L»esetter,
F. H. Fenton, l^avoelette and Reilly were
elected Ruardians of tho various divisions
fnr the year ending 1900, and Immediately
aftor mass will be Invested with the ln
pignia of offlce.
Will Receive Holy Communion.
SCHOONER BENDER BEOS. COLLIDES WITH THE MAHION.
Tha Naval Reserve training ship Ma
rlon neems to be the object of attack of
every sailing craft In the bay. If a
schooner captain cannot ftnd anything
else to run Into he Is sure to foul the
handsome old warship before he reaches
Mission Bay. Yesterday the schooner
Bender Bros, ranged up alongside tho
training ship with all sails set. The Ben
der Bros, was making for an anchorage
off Mission Creek, when the wind sudden
ly fell light. Do what he would, the cap
tain could' not clear the Marion, bo the
schooner struck her squarely on the star
board bow. An attempt 'was made to
warp her off, but It failed, so when the
tug Milton came along the offer of a tow
was gladly accepted. The Bender Bros,
was towed away minus some of her sails,
while the Marlon only suffered the loss of
considerable paint on her starboard quar
ter.
Ready to Carry Troops.
Lncle Sam has been making inquiries as
to how many men he can send to China
from San Francisco without any undue
rush, and the result shows that the Sum
ner can leave here on July 16 with 57 offi
cers and 680 men, the Meade on August 1
with GO otllcers and 1171 men, the Hancock
on Aupust 16 with 54 officers and 1062 men,
the "Warren September 1 with 42 officers
and 1242 men, the Thomas on September
16 with C9 officers and 1654 men and the
Grant on October 1 with 68 officers and
1836 men. From this It can be seen that
without straining the present transport
facilities the United States can easily land
7645 men and 350 officers at Hongkong in
side of ten weeks. People around the
transport wharf seem to think there will
be another call for volunteers, and that
the First Californlan will be in service
again inside of six weeks.
A Flier From New York.
The steamer Dolphin, destined for the
trade between Seattle and Skaguay, ar
rived from New York last night. She was
formerly an excursion steamer running
between Boston and Portland, Me., and
Is very fast. She Is a similar vessel to
the Cottage City of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's line and has excel
lent passenger accommodations.
The Dolphin has made a very quick run.
Her arrival at Montevideo on June 1 was
only posted at the Exchange yesterday
afternoon and a few hours later the
steamer was posted on another part of
the board as "three miles out."
From Point Lucia In the West Indies
the Dolphin made the run to Montevideo
In twenty-one days. ' The run through the
Straits of Magellan was quick and un
eventful and on June 14 the Dolphin was
coaling at Coronel. From there the run
up the coast was without Incident and
the captain and crew are congratulating
themselves on the quick passage.
Water Front Notes.
The KoFmoa liner, Serapis.- sailed for
Hamburg yesterday via Central and South
American ports. She was loaded to the
guards with general merchandise and had
a lot of redwood lumber on deck. A few
passengers went away on the vessel. Two
of the crew of the British ship Blackbraes
were among those who were homeward
bound.
Captain Underwood, late of the barken
tlne Newsboy, went out as master of the
schooner Robert lowers. Captain Good
man of the Lew-era went out as a pas
senger and on his arrival at Honolulu will
take command of another of the com
pany's vessels.' Captain Chipperfleld is
now In command of the barkentlne News
boy.
The steamer Czarina will not return to
Honolulu for another month. She has
been chartered to load here, for Seattl*
and Tacoma and will then bring a load
of coal back from Oyster Harbor.
The new schooner Commerce, with a
capacity of fiOO.OOO feet of lumber, will be
launched from Hay & Wright's yards
next month. A duplicate of the Com
merce has been laid down and a new
steamer for the Inter-Island Steamship
Company of Hawaii will be begun this
week. The new steamer Is to be 172 feet
long, 36 feet beam and 14 feet deep. She
will be much larger than the ! Kalulani,
which was built by Hay & Wright several
years ago, and will exceed In speed any
thing In the lnter-lsland trade.
Gold on the Alameda.
SYDNEY, N. S. AV.. July 7.— The steam
er Alameda Balled from here to-day with
$2,500,000 In gold for San Francisco.
Wind Pell Light and the Tide Car
ried Schooner, With All Sails
Set, Down Against the
Warship.'
Schooner Bender Bros. Runs
Down the Training
Ship Marion.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 8, 1900.
30
111, 113. 115; 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Remnants Of SILKS, DRESS GOODS, WASH FABRICS,
RIBBONS, EMBROIDERIES, PRINTED AND PLAIN DEN-
IMS AND.SILKOLINES marked down to ahout one-half
former prices. .
Worth 75c.
15 pieces FRENCH PRINTED
FLANNELS, aH light col-
ors, hoth figured and oc 0
stripes— uard L Uu
22 pieces Genuine Black
ENGLISH CHEVIOT, guar-
anteed not to shrink cn«
or spot— uard OUu
Regular value 75c.
3 cases Genuine ENGLISH
STRIPED GALATEAS, In
Nayus, New Blues, Pinks,
Drabs and Black |Oi n
and White— uard.. 1Z2U
25 pieces NOVELTY DRESS
GOODS, In small checks
and plaids, warran- oc n
ted all wool— uard.. ZOb
Reduced from 5Oc.
Reduced from S1.5O.
30 pieces Genuine ENGLISH
TWEEDS, In fancu weaves
and small checks, 48
Inches In width— 7c n
uard lJu
100 dozen Ladles' 2-clasp
KID GLOVES, In Tans,
Browns, Reds and CCn
Black— palp UJu
Regular price Sl.OO.
300 dozen Ladies' Hem-
stitched and Embroidered
Initialed HANDKER-
CHIEFS, laundered readn
Tor use— half dozen Qfli.
fOP JUU
500 dozen Ladles' Unlaun-
dered and Hemstitched
LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS
with handsome hand ic o
emhrolderu— each... lob
Cood value for 25c.
200 dozen Ladles' Imported
FAST BLACK HOSE, fine
gauge, double soles, nc n
heels and toes— pair Zub
Worth $4.OO Dozen.
Good value for 35c.
150 dozen Children's FAST
BLACK COTTON HOSE,
doufcle knees, heels and
toes, sizes 5 to 9}— Qc n
pair ZjU
During the entire month of JULY we will
offer in all our departments large auantities
of SPRING AND SUMMER GOODS at about one-
half former prices, We Quote a few items.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
t/Df\fti W«r» «nccea«rul at Mom* l«»t
i\I\ \lvjn »•«. Ait ethers failed. In opara.
Uoa Aallr. I etf vesaon st.. fl. ff.
OUR GOLD OnEDQlNO PUMPS
Morton : Draying and "Warehouse Co.
General Draymen-f-"Waretiousemen-^-Fbr-
warding Agents— No. 204 Battery street. •
BUCHANAN BBOS^
Brush Manufacturer* 009 Sacrament* St
BRUSHES FOR j^ RtiERs . bak.
U-MX U KJXXIUkJ ts. bootblacks, bath-
,. . w . ' nouses, billiard tables
brewers bookbinders, candy-maker,, canners*
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries paper-
harKtrs. printer*, painters, shoe factoriesTsta-
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors «to
BELMONT HOME
For Sale at a Bargain
Elegant house of S rooms, bath and base-
ment, hot and cold water throughout. Southern
exposure. Seven minutes from station- elevate 1
site overlooking the town. Six acres *S i a m,.
ture. 2 In orchard. 1 about house: barn «niiium
houses: all fenced. Excellent water roo-rV
Cost owner J10.C00. but compelled tj removi
East, hence will sell at sacrifice. Investisato
and make offer. Apply to own-r. »"*aia
J. D. ALLAN, Cor. 2d and Er»aa»a
Travelers from erery portion of th»
globe show their appreciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making them thetr
headquarters when visiting 3aa
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under on» manage-
ment on the American and European
plans. -'- '-*- -
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Satisfactory
Eye-Glasses.
If yea are wearing Eye-Glass?* that ar* not
satisfactory, -we can siv» you relief la a f«w
minutes and at lowest cost (for first-class serv-
ice). Our Famous Clips attached for 60c. wnu*
you wait.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Factory oa prem-
ises. Quick repatrlne. Phone. Main lft.
OPTIC.AN54oT>S P ™r-
642 Market 5t. instrument*
UNDER CHRONICLE BUtLOlHC. CATALOGUE FREE.
129 Kearny Street
As the above are the greatest bargains ever offered
in. our silk department, we advise your calling early
in order to make selections from the best assort-
ment.
WW^R\J8iaS^^VV».
Black Silks
Striped satin duchess, black brocades and figured
silks in a large variety of designs, suitable for full
suits, waists or separate skirts; sale price
a \Jr t/c a yard
worth $i.oo, $1.25 and $*'$o
On Monday we will have a special sale of silks,
embracing nearly every new color and effect pro-
duced this season, for suits, waists or separate skirts,
among the colored silks are the, following styles;
hemstitched and open-work stripes, plisse' effects,
striped satin duchess, lace stripes and plaids in open
work and lace effects, also crepe de chine — the
most popular of this season's weaves. The sale
price of these silks is
O We a. yard
Tangier Is a city without vehicles.
Donkeys are used for transportation.
China has six smokeless powder manu-
factories.
Tapestry
Brussels
sewed, lined f^C^ per
and laid . . . v/ w yard
Send five cents In itaimw for
poatase on new furniture catalog.
THE J. NOONAN
ABOVE SIXTH.
Plans South It. Saa Trtadiea.
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
totr-tosB Misaton stj»eet.
Good Time and Place to Iloy
t^ric-ftt NeTer ho CIie«*p
I»rciti£unts Never h» Many
Git-i Anerni bmtiu Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
510-ti; «^rar.t Ave. (B»»t. gutter and Pest).
>a Market St. (Vpp. Powell).
1M S:iir. BC
iio U«rea St. 2!S Third St.
341S l".>lk St. I-'l Montconiery Ave.
ELW Mis.-un St. '• ¦> Larkin St.
KM Sixteenth St. 1*19 P«-visad*ro St.
. 146 Mnth St. 476 Haicht Pt.
¦ S"OS FVlrrure St. .T.'sr, UisstOS St.
VI Market ,<t. i'T3: Dth St.
OAKLAND STORES.
MSI VTaahlasrton St. Clfi E. 12th tt.
1227 Broadxray. USS J23 Av«.
' lilO Seventh St. • I3SS l'ark St., Alameda.
This is a Special Opportunity.
We ehow the finest thing* buJlt In Pneu-
matic Wagons, ar.d at price* which have
cot teen eiiualed heretofore.
From SI30 Upward.
We have received this month r.early one
bandied new things In PNEUMATIC TIRE
BICYCLE OEAU WAGOKS, with wire
wh«»e!s and with wood hub wheels. These
w&gcns m"e & success*. :^nd «.ur stock 10
more complete that ever, at price* ranging
PNEUMATIC
DRIVING WAGONS.
Attention Is Invited to a «p*elal «ale of
Market and Tenth Sts.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
CATALOGUES FURNISHED.
SUBBra BROS. II
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
31310-112 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
EINLNG-UOOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Table.
C Oak Chaire.
KITCHEN-1 Patent Table. 1 No. 7 Btove. 2
Chairs.
?fo *rtra chars* on credit.
- KAKH YOUTt OTTrf TERMS. —
FOR $98,
33EDROOM— De-droom net. 7 plecea, hardwood;
1 good 'Wire eprlng. 1 good Top Mattress, 1
Ta!r Piilcwa.
PAULTHt-S j.lec«« OsJc or Slahoganr Uphol-
etered Pet.
4- Boom Furniture
G2O Market Street.
(Ops. Palace Hotel) SAX FRAXCISCO.
Eastern Office— Xew York City.
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
••Booklet Xo. 2." free at office or sent by mail
lor a 2-cent etamp. tel!s all about it. Address
DR - PIERCE'S
imm electric
BELT. ¦
'jtjZ^ THIS BELT IS WAR-
•/yT». ranted to be the latest im-
proved, most powerful and
In aH recpects the best now manufactured In
ar.y port of thp world. Its equal does not exist
The Galvanometer shows its electric current to
be double that of any other. Kaslly regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest improved attach-
r:ents. Special conductors and electrodes.
Ix>uble wire «uspenscry for men. It will cure
any <i'.*ejtse cr. earth that it is possible to cure
wttk clrctricity. and it cures when other* fail.
Jiuy no b>»lt till you eee "Dr. Pi*rce's."
£v!S8-? OR- JORDAN'S great^
iKUSECS OF AiifiTOKYf
l£^ The Lsre«* Anatomical Museum in the \
U T»tfA^v >» ond. w eiirnesies o* any contracted A
Z~ W2ifc^ «i:«ra>e pe«itiv«-!jr r «r«»i hy the oidctt 7
f-t fS.'V-j? -— ;i - l *• "*•<-'-**'- kit. 36 yaare. %
6 QVfiiJi OS. u'OnDA.V-PRlVATE DISEASES fi
2. t«jrjltatioo frer »n<5 stritly prirate. \
6 * M^\n l" >nvem r*"onrliy ct by tetter. A A
"BY si H >^* '"" Ow<: in every case undertaken. T
Awn ill* w >:.-|.th..k.PEC.8SOi'lli'c»i
V I |J JM .V«:iRtAr.l.. MAILBD FRBB. <AF
A li a "•¦*•¦ «>--ck tor oral \
V f>It JUSC1X A CO.. 1051 ifarket St .8 F 9
grx CM!CHE«TER*8 ENGLISH
Pe»kvrqyal pills
B«-€»7V _^«>H«i»»l n»d Only Gejiulne.
£AlP*tk iaT CHICHESTBTC8 ENGLISH
ir^'i^Vi in Ul.U »ri G..1.1 metallic twit., tealel
-Ci —-\J'r'«" r ">' I :»« ribbon. Take soother. Brtu—
ji *^w fwcmtl *-ut»t!!a<Jon» and Irult*.
\ I . GT **"¦•• U *T * f T° nT *>»»«»«. or »«4 4e. la
I *•> t% •"*»»'•*«¦ P«rtl«-Bl«r», Testimonial*
\C*. tV *° d "Keller f«r Ladle.." HkiUr.trr*.
~\. K 'A.' turn MalL. 1 <I.O(M( ToUnoalali. So'mbr
lio.-.'.t. this ftm, iiadlMB fetaare. I'K 1 LA-. 1'X.
NAKKII. ALF.S & BIlfXE. Agent*.
m Mark«t St.. S. F.— <Scnd for Circular.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GliEAT P.ESTOKATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor and Nervino-
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic ror the .<<-xuaI Organs tor both eexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Hla4der. Sells en its own merits.
3°£y Given i VI vL
WITH
Teas, GGfFees,
Spices, Extracts,
&otfa, Baking Powder
rs. time? as many Premiums with Teas
3 tines as many Preniaais with Coffee
3 times as many Premiums with Spice
3 limes as tasny Pr eaiums wilh Extracts
3 tides as many Preciums with Soda
3£f5£!y Preniacs with Baking Powder
Fresh HaastezS Oaffoos
», IS. jo. is, 30. 35. 40 Ctw. I.t>.
Pura TezD
.-. s. 40, so. o<>. 70, 80 c<9. per x.t*
Spice. Baking Powder, Extracts,Mush
to, i.'i, ms. 45 CIh. per Can
A nijc premium Given >vil«i
livery l*urcti;»»e
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEKTISEMExTTS.
N.T A ./ ""* * -* — — — ~**^
I if m I from the horrors of
H H mm Dyspepsia and the
I % intensified horrors of
P Insomnia by taking
I sample 5E NT o N Johnson V Digestive
H APPLICATION TO O
I ph^iT^i Co., Tablets (Papoids)
C urehous *>
¦** ec *rpethonseGoing to the Exposition.
George A. Story*, cashier of the Mutual
Savings Bank, leaves the city to-day on
a vacation tour. Vacations are events,
rather than incidents in his career. On
this eventful trip his family will accom
pany him on a journey to the Paris Ex
position.
General Salomon, who represents thn
defendant, will take an appeal to the
Supreme Court and upon Its Judgment the
controversy • will end. General Salomon
expressed confidence that the higher tri
bunal would grant his client the desire.1
relief. Adler, who conducts a cigar store
at Ellis and Powell streets, expressed a
desire to carry ' the cas.e to the highest
court with the hope of victory, but in t»e
interim his wife will enjoy the knowledge
that "first blood" was hers.
morality and common sense.
'The marriage being valid under the laws
of the State of Nevada is valid here, and
defendant's prayer for the annullment there
of must be denied and the case restored to
the calendar for determination of the Issue
of a divorce to plaintiff.
These controversies arising out of the con
flict of the marriaKe laws In the various
States and Territories ouRht to be ended,
In the" concession to the general Government
of the right to legislate upon the subject,
commonly and equally, in the interests of
ubiquity of obligation. If Invalid there It
Is equally invalid everywhere." -
Section Cl does not in terms repeal section
63. nor in the Judgment of the court does it
repeal by implication.
Holds Marriage Valid.
J>o You Wear Shoes.
Then be sure and attend the opening of
the assignee sale of shoes to-morrow at
775 Market street, near Fourth. F. C.
Kelly,-- assignee. •
Suddenly he ceased gathering her in his
warm embrace.
"Are we observed?" he -whispered, fear-
Boxnely.- : .-' ¦ .- • »
"There Is . the rubber-plant," ; faltered
she/, with a shudder, and went' and hastily
drew, the portieres between them and the
conservatory-— Puck. -- • ~ -¦-.- •¦>•;
The Alaska Packers' Association peti
tioned the Board of Equalization yester
day to reduce the assessment on its fran
chise, fixed by Assessor Dodge at $500,GOO.
to the sum of JCO.OOO. The association,
claims that the Assessor's valuation is
unequal and unjust, in that the corpora
tion Is a prh-ate corporation and by virtue
of its franchise haa acquired no rights be
yond those of any corporation organized
under the laws of this State. That tho
assessment placed upon the franchise la
one hundred and twenty times as large
as that placed by the Assessor upon t>*»
franchise of its principal competitor in
catching and packing salmon in Alaska,
and according to the Information of th<?
petitioner exceeds the value placed by
him upon the franchise of any prlvato
corporation by $200,000.
The corporation further states that aii
its goods are prepared for market at can
neries owned by it in the Territory of
Alaska and in the State of Washington.
That during the spring months of each
year It prepares and fits out expeditions
at this port which proceed to its various
canneries and engage during the fishing
season in catching and preparing salmun
for market. That It disburses each year
In this city a sum In excess of $!X0O.0uO
among MOu men employed in the conduct
of its business.
Assessments were reduced as follow?:
M. Rosenbaum, from JSO.000 to $70,000;
Louis Levy. $24,500 to $20,000; Payne Bolt
Works, $12400 to J7300.
• » ? ¦
WANTS BIG ASSESSMENT
ON FRANCHISE REDUCED
Major Samuel O. L. Potter, surgeon.
U. S. V., has reported from leave of ab
sence and has been assigned to temporary
duty at the Presidio. Acting Assistant
Surgeon Michael E. Hughes has been as
signed to temporary duty at the general
hospital at the Presidio, awaiting trans
portation to the Philippines. Lieutenant
Colonel James M. Marshall has ¦ been
granted fifteen days' leave of absence. •'
Dr. George E. Maurer of the transport
Sumner has been -granted leave of ab
sence. Dr. George F. Frlnk of this city
will appear before the board at the Pre
sidio Monday to be examined for contract.
Ten men of the Fourteenth Infantry, now
at the Presidio, who nave been reported fit
for duty, have been ordered by General
Shafter to Fort Wayne. Mich., for duty
¦with the depot battalion* of their regiment-
Out on the Presidio range the sharp
crack of rifles in the hands of sharpshoot
ers from morning till night tells the story
of preparations for expected events in
China. Within the next few months many
regiments will leave this port bound for
either China cr the Philippines and or
ders have been Issued that the men be
kept in a high state of efficiency with the
rifle. Five hundred men of the Fifteenth
Infantry are expected here Saturday and
they may be in time to sail on the Sum
ner. which la scheduled to go a week from
Friday. In addition to the Fifteenth In
fantry it is settled that the First Cavalry
will go and various regiments will be hur
ried to the Far East to make up the total
cf 6000 men which it is said President ilc
-Kinley has decided to send to Taku.
SOLDIERS ARE GETTING
READY FOR CHINESE WAR
TEN DOLLARS PER DAY
DEMANDED FOR WAGES
George Ridley Acted as Steamboat
Fireman in an Emergency and
Brings Suit.
George Ridley filed suit in the United
States District . Court yesterday against
the Kotzebue Sound Transportation Min
ing and Trading Company and L. E. Xoo
nan to recover $240 wages alleged to be
due for his' services as fireman on the
steamer Kotzebue for twenty-four days a*
$10 per day in July and August, 189S
The story, as told In the complaint, la
that RiOley was a passenger on the steam
er going up the Kobuk River in Alaska
and that, owing to the gold hunting excite
ment prevailing at that time,, the steam
er was without a fireman and was unable
to secure the services of one. In this
emergency Ridley volunteered and shovel
ed coal into the furnace .for twenty-feur
days. Under the circumstances he "believes
that his labor was reasonably* worth ¦ $10
per day.
Another Warrant for His Arrest on
the Charge of Robbery •
Sworn To. '
Lewis West, the "sport" who, it is
claimed, bunkoed Romulo R. Ruiz of San
ta Barbara out of $500 In Golden Gate
Park a week ago by means of a fake
foot race, has not yet been found by the
police. Besides being charged with an as
sault with a deadly weapon for hittinff
Ruiz over the head with a revolver an
other charge of robbery has been pre
ferred against him.
The complaining witness in the robbery
case is E. L. McPhall and the warrant
was sworn to before Judge Conlan ves
tcrday. McPhail was the stakeholder, "and
before the redoubtable Hennessy and the
"unknown" finished the supposed race Mc-
Phail alleges that West presented a re
volver at his head and demanded the $500
stake on pain of instant death. To save
his life McPhail handed over the coin
and when Ruiz protested West hit him
over the head with the revolver.
LEWIS WEST, "THE SPORT,"
IS STfLL A FREE MAN
<yT? N ur.kncr.vn burglar was shot and
/[\ instantly killed last night by Alfred
Jr — A Hubert While trying to force an en
trance inio the grocery store of D.
W. Tietjen, 145 Eas-t Btreet, corner of
Washington. The man who did the shoot
lr.g surrendered himself at the Harbor po
lice station and his victim wa« sent to the
Morgue. Nothing was found on the dead
msn to disciose his identity excepting a
card issued by the California Fruit Can
ners' Association and numbered €37. which
will probably lead to h:s identification.
The burglar wns evidently familiar with
his surroundings. He waited until the pro
pr:> tor of the place had locked up for tho
right, and after assuring himself that
there was no danger of interruption coolly
proceeded with his wurk. He did rot count
on the presence inside of a watchman, ana
his failure to make certain of the coast
b«-ing clear resulted disastrously to him.
While h*> was icconnifitering th« neighbor
hood for the rwer-praeDt policeman, Hu
bert rode up on his wheel a.::d entered the
Ftore to retire for the nipht. It was his
habit not to --trike a light, and this fact
troved the burglar's undoing. Hubert ha-1
hardly gene to his room in the rear cf the
place when he h<ard something rattling
the lock on the WaFhington street side of
tho store. He stopped and listened a mo
ment, and was :tbout to dismiss the mat
ter'from his mind, because he thought it
was the policeman on his nightly round.
As the noise continued he paused to listen,
end was astounded a minute later to hear
the heavy lock l< ing wrenched from its
fastenings. Within the next minute he
hoard the latch look fprunK. and knowing
that the burglar would soon be upon him
Hubert rushed to his room and secured
bi3 pistol.
He ih<n returned to tho door which
wa« being assailed and as hr- did so he saw
the burglar's jimmy thrust between the
crack and the heavy iron gas pipe used
io bur It on the inside bent nearly.
double. He th^n f-aw the burglar trying
to Torre bifl h<-.'<i! and body through the
doorway. Hulwrt yelled to the fellow
and seeing ih.-».t ihe man had sorm-thlnj; in
his har.cl. which in the dark looked to be a
pistol, hf followed v,], his command to halt
by tvro shots. ):r« d point hhink at the
maurnudf-r. Th. !utter fell back dead,
limh bullets had entered his head above
the Kft t.mjple and within an inch of
each oiher.
Hubert*! Flint* altr.irtr-d Officer .Judge
and Kix-cial Officer McCJreavy to the spot
iand the latter thinking the" man might
bvre a *park of life in him rang for the
. nbulance and had him convoyed to the
'J-iarbor Receiving Hospital. Dr. Bauer
made a short examination of the burglar
ar.d pronounced him dead. The body was
then taken to the Morgue
Hubert was taken to the Hartior police
station and the formal charge of murder
Alfred Hubert Fires Two Balls Into
Head of a Robber Who Had
Forced Door Open.
Detectives Thomas Gibson and Eagan
and Sergeant Thomas.Ellis who were soon
When the dead man was taken to the
hospital his clothes were examined. In
his pockets was found a card of the Cali
fornia Fruit Canners' Association, No
f.37, and upon which had been written in
pencil the name, and address of the
holder. The lead penciling had been so
badly blurred that even under a magnify
ing glass it did not disclose the Identity of
the dead man.
"I did not have any light," he said. "It
has always been my practice to retire
without one. When the noise con
tinued I went out Into the store and
listened. Then 1 heard him -snap one
of the locks and the next instant I heard
tho man running round the corner to see
if the coast was clear. He returned a few
later and when I heard him snap
Qhj latch lock I ruphed back and got my
gun. When the burglar had succeeded in
breaking the Fecond lock he repeated his
run round the corner, returning very
quickly to complete his work. He then
thrust his jimmy inside the door and be
gan to bend the iron pipe which is used as
a fastener. He then tried to enter and I
called to him. I paw something In his
hand which 1 thought was a gun. 1 took
no chances. I had to protect myself. I
knew if I wanted to run the only way I
could get out would be through one of the
entrance uoors. I was cornered as it were
and I fired twice at the burglar when I
was only Jive feet from him. Both bullets
must have struck him. because he fell I
stepped outside and waited for the police.
I knew the shots would attract some one.
I tnen nHffod to come to the station and
wan brought here by the officers "
Hubert is a well known member of the
Bay City \\ heelmcn and is highiv
thought of by his employer. The prlsSneV
yaid he knew he was there to guard the
Mfe and was going to do It if It coat him
his life. He knew that his employer, who
was interested in a score of ships plying
between this and foreign ports, had re"
celved a big dividend that dav and the
money reposed in the safe. He "thinks the
man he shot was aware of that fact
otherwise he would not have taken such
desperate chances to enter the place Op
posite tht- grocery store is a saloon, and
many people went in and out while the
unknown burglar was trying to gain ad
mittance.
was placed against'his name. He was as
cool and collected as the officers on watch
when Keen half an hour after the incident.
He regretted having taken a life, but said
he acted In self-defense. Hubert said he
was 28 years of age and that he had
worked for Sir. Tietjen for the past three
years. He said that his employer had
closed up the establishment at 10 o'clock
and he arrived at the store half an hour
later on his wheel. He said he never
driamed of danger and when he first
heard the wrenching at the fide door he
thought the policeman was trying the
lock.
BURGLAR KILLED
BY A WATCHMAN
on the scene could not decipher the card.
They thought that the man's name was
B. Fisher and that he lived at 10 Rlncon
Place. The dead burglar had two dollars
in small change on him and a lot of cigar
ettes. He has every semblance of being a
workingman. His clothes were of cheap
quality and his hands showed every indi
cation of toil. He Is clean shaven, had
dark hair and looked to be about twenty
five years of age. The detectives say his
face Is familiar and they also think he is
an old timer at. picking locks.
The instrument which he used to force
his way to his death was a jimmy an inch
wide and about fifteen inches in length.
It Is now at police headquarters.
found at 9 o'clock, and it seems very
strange that he should have been kept at
the hotel till after 5 o'clock and then sent
to us to die on the way.
The body was In a frightful condition.
The entire breast and abdomen wns de
nuded of epidermis, and patches of skin
had ploughed off of the hands, legs and
feet. Blisters were In evidence that could
not have been produced either by mor
phine poisoning or by beating with towels.
"I do not know who the physician was
or what the nature of the treatment was.
but the man was scalded. Doubtless I
shall be called to testify at the inquest,
and I shall swear to the facts as I have
stated them to you."
Dr. Noble Says He Acted Right.
Dr. Noble laughs at the idea that his
treatment was anything but proper, and
asserts that it alone kept Stadie alive
for some eight hours. He claims that the
sloughing off of the epidermis was due
mainly io the morphine poisoning, and
that in any case it is superficial and would
not have serious effects.
"The immediate cause of death," Dr.
Xoble said last evening, "was oedema of
tho lungs, a paralysis and filling np ot
the respiratory organs. I saw at 5 o'clock
that the man could not live, but I was
not responsible for his removal to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital.
"When I was called to examine Stadie
shortly after 9 o'clock I found that he
was still alive. He had evidently taken
morphine and I administered antidotes
accordingly. Then I asked for two male
nurses. None were to be had and we
pressed a couple of painters Into service.
I told them to give the patient a hot bath.
They put him In the tub and dipped the
water up with their hands to pour over
him, so it could not have been so terribly
hot. > _ __ ,
Not Caused by Hot Water.
"When they took him out I noticed his
skin was pretty red, but I am sure the
bath din not cause the separation of the
epidermic. I had the painters beat him
¦with towels, the usual treatment. This
flagellation no doubt aided- the separation
of the epidermis, which was started by
the poisoning. Had death been brought
about by the loss of the epidermis the
symptoms would have shown the cessa
tion of the excretive functions of the
skin, instead of oedema of the lungs."
Dr Leland performed the autopsy on
the body after it had been removed to the
Morgue" He found that death was due to
shock and possibly to morphine poisoning.
This latter must yet be determined by a
chemical analysis of the stomach. There
was no oedema of the limes as Xoble
stated and Leland says that death would
have ensued from the frightful burns
even though the man succumbed to the
effects of the poison he is said to hava
taken.
Had Trouble With His Wife.
Stadie married a sister of a street medi
cine vender named Davis, who claims to
be a graduate of a prominent Chicago
medical college. Stadie had assisted Davis
for some time past. He lived with hl3
wife and daughter, the latter 5 years of
ace, in St. Marys alley until a few days
ago. Recently Stadie had been despond
ent and talked to some of hla associates
about trouble his wife. who. he de
clared, was no'longer true to him.
Stadie emptied his purse In payment of
the price of the room at the Palace. He
registered as "Ernest" Stadie. Tearing
hotel envelopes open, he wrote three
notes. One to the Coroner was as follows,
the signature being so scrawled that It
looked much like "Kladie":
To the Orcner: 1 leave my body to the
medical fraternity and would like to have my
brain examined, whether I was normal or not.
STAPIE.
A second was addressed to Henry Hor
wege, who runs a grocery at the corner of
Pine and Dupont streets. It was aa fol
lows:
Pear Henry: Tou have been a good friend
of mine, but I can't help my luck. Life Is not
worth livlnff. Tours. PAUL.
The third note, to his wife, was evi
dently written last. It la as follows:
Dear Annie: I have drank the poison and
don't know how Ion* I will have to live. Dar
ling, take care of the child. If you have any.
regard at all for me. raise her to be a decent
woman. I love you and would never have
harmed a hair of your hpad. But It Is too late
now. Henry Is a s"od friend of mine, go
and see him for my sake. My head gets dlrzy.
Yours. PAUL.
A seafaring man named Roberts, who
said his wife was Stadie's sister, called to
see the would-be suicide at the Palace
Hotel during the afternoon. He told the
attendants that Stadie belonged to an ex
cellent family and was at one time an of
ficer in the German army. He was 37
years old. At Horwege's grocery little is
known of Stadia's affairs.
POOR AND DESPONDENT, BUT HE WISHED TO DIE AMID
LUXURY.
der arrest have been disposed of. •
Some people insist that Mitchell did the
killing, but this theory Is only advanced
by friends of the imprisoned men. The
evidence is becoming almost positive
against the trio under arrest and the offi
cials expect within a few days to have
the ea<?e In such a shape that a conviction
cannot be averted.
Baehmann told Sheriff Mansfield that
when he sold the weapons he knew of
the bitter enmity existing between his
countrymen and the negro's family. He
suspected that the guns were being pur
chased for no good purpose, but he sold
them, knowing that if they could not be
procured at his place the men could get
them somewhere else. In addition to the
two rifles, which were cf the same caliber
as the bullets which killed Mrs. Mitchell
and her son, a shotgun and shells were
sold to the men. Thus far there is no
evidence that a shotgun was used In the
double murder.
GUNS PURCHASED BY TWO OF THE MUHDER SUSPECTS.
SHERIFF MANSFIELD AND BACHMAN EXAMINING PHO
TOGRAPH OF EHLERS.
I find that Paul Stadie was
lit'erally boiled to death in a
treatment to which he had been
submitted for morphine poison
ing. What part the poison play
ed in causing his death is yet to
be determined by a chemical
analysis of the stomach. It was one
"of the most horrible cases I have
ever seen. The epidermis of
over three-fourths of the body
had been peeled off. The state
ment of Dr. Noble that the man
died of oedema of the lungs is
erroneous. The autopsy failed
to show any such condition.
THOS. B. W. LELAND.
•jr=^AUL STADIE, an eccentric Ger-
Ljj^/man. took morphine with suicidal
|£ Intent at the Palace Hotel yester
day. Shortly after his condition
was discovered a physician was called
and at his dictation the unfortunate man
was submitted to a treatmtnt by two
painters in which he was literally boiled
to death. His sufferings ended several
hours later, and his horribly scalded body
is mute evidence of the fearful manner of
his death.
Body In Frightful Condition.
An autopsy performed last night by Dr.
Thomas B. W. Leland showed that death
was due principally to burns. The body
presented a sickening spectacle as it lay
on the Morgue slab. More than three
fourths of the epidermis had peeled oft,
exposing the nerves and blood vessels. In
some places the blood oozed out and the
condition was such that a rigid investi
gation of the horrible case will 'be made
by the Coroner.
Stadie resided at 14 St. Marys alley.
Friday night he deserted his mean quar
ters and his family troubles and sought
shelter beneath the roof of the great
hostelry wherein to end his wretched ex
istence. When a bell boy went to call him
at 9 o'clock yesterday morning he found
that he had taken poison and Dr. J. Albeit
Noble was called. The physician recom
mended a hot bath and asked for nurses.
None could be secured so a couple of
painters were selected to do the job.
They placed the unfortunate man in boil
ing water and cooked his flesh.
About 5 o'clock In the evening the doc
tor savs he realized that the man cou;d
not live and he was started for the Har
bor Hospital. Before he reached there
he was dead. When the hospital phy
sicians viewed the remains and saw their
condition they were highly indignant and
Dr. F, A. Robinson, who was in charge,
made this statement:
"The man breathed his last as he was
belnp removed from the ambulance. I ap
plied various tests to be sure that death
had ensued and could not get the slight
est reflex.' I understand that the man was
MOPE has risen from the ashes of
despair for that army of Nevada
brides and grooms who, fresh from
California divorce courts, hurried
to the Sagebrush State and again launch
ed upon the sea of matrimony. In direct
contradiction to the opinion recently ren
dered by Judge Belcher, a decision was
handed down by Judse J. C. B. Hebbard
yesterday In which he holds that marriage
of divorcees who secured their freedom In
this State, or in any other State or na
tion, even within the prohibitory period ¦
of one year, as fixed by the California
law, are legal and valid. This decision,
though not final, will carry peace into
many cities and hamlets throughout the
land. In hundreds of homes in which
Judge Belcher's decision caused' anxiety
and doubt t« dwell' cvriter. I in a niL-asiiro
has come, but anxiety will continue to
prevail .until the Supreme Court of the
State has passed final Judgment on the
issues involved.
Judge Hebbard's decision, ¦ which has
aroused even greater interest than that of
his associate on the bench, is in the dt
vorce case of Fredericka V. Adler vs. Ben
Adler and 13 as follows:
Plaintiff seeks a divorce upon the ground
of extreme cruelty. Defendant, by way of
cross-complaint, seeks annullment of the
marriage upon the ground that It was con
tracted within a year from the date of
plaintiff's divorce from her former hus
band. Plaintiff was divorced from her hus
band, Dunbar. in California, May 2, 1S39;
she married the defendant at Reno, State
of Nevada, June 26, 1899; this action was
commenced June 13, 1900.
Is a Nevada Marriage Legal P
The Blngle question before the court Is
whether or not the Xevada marriage Is
valid in California, It Is claimed that un
der the provisions of section 61 of the Civil
Code, the marriage though valid In the
Stat* of .Nevada, where contracted, must be
annulled at the instance of either party
thereto in this State. The portion of sec
tion-61 relied upon is as follows:
"A subsequent marriage contracted by
any person during the life' of a former hus
band or wife of such person, with any per
son other than such former husband or
wife, is illegal and void from the beginning,
unless:
"X The former marriage has been annulled
or dissolved, provided, that In case It be dis
solved, the decree of divorce must have
been rendered and made at least one year
prior to such subsequent marriage."
Xo reason Is apparent from the language
of the section why an arbitrary prohibitory
period of a year, or of any certain fixed
period should be made, and there can be no
good reason given. , We may Imagine the
reason which induced the passage of the
section by an examination of the law of
the State of Oregon upon the same subject.
In that State there is no fixed prohibitory
period, but the law is to the effect that,
pending an appeal from a decree of divorce,
if one be taken, and. If not, during the
time In which It may be taken, the parties
shall be incapable of contracting marriage
with a third person.
In California an appeal from a flnaj Judg
ment must be taken In six months; an ap
peal from an order granting or refusing a
new trial in sixty days.
Why Make Them WaitP
The great majority of dU'orce cases go to
Judgment upon the default of the defend
ants, and In such cases there can be no ap
peal upon the merits of the cause. When
for appeal has gone by and none has been
taken, why compel the parties In the case
to abstain from matrimony for the remain
der of the year thereafter?
The proportion of divorce decrees appeal
ed from is infinitely small, and therefore
the prohibition in section 61 discriminates
against the many for the protection ot the
few; it is an arbitrary law.
The laws of all civilized nations favor
marriage;- this law is In restraint thereof.
Marriage In this State is declared to be a
civil contract: it ought, therefore, to be
governed by the rules which govern other
contracts, save that It cannot be broken at
the mere • will of the parties thereto, and
ought not be entered Into again by the
parties with third parties after divorce un
til, the possibility of. a reversal of the de
crfe ceases to exist.
For the purpose of a decision In this case,
however. It is not necessary for the court
to pars definitely upon the validity or in
validity of section 61. Civil Code. This sec
tion has not yet been construed by our Su
preme Court, but there is another section of
the same code, section 63, which has been a
law since the adoption of the codes in 1S72.
which our. Supreme Court has construed:
"Sec. C3. All marriages contracted with
out this State, which would be valid by the
laws of the country In which the same were
contracted, . are valid In this State."
Supreme Court Decision.
This section was considered by the Su
preme C/irt in 1S73 In the case of Pearson
vs. I'earlon, 51 Cal.. p. 120. One Pearson
lived in Missouri and owned a slave woman
named Lnura. After Pearson's divorce from
his lawful wife he desired to marry Laura,
but such intermarriages were prohibited by
the laws of the State of Missouri; Pearson
removed to the Territory of- Utah, where
there was no local law against such mar
rlagres.. and- there married Laura. The .ac
tion was ejectment, the plaintiff being the
legitimate daughter of Pearson by his first
wife, the defendant being Laura, Pearson's
Utah wife.
The Supreme Court declared Laura to be
the surviving wife of Pearson and awarded
the property to her. The court said :
•"The marriage, of these parties (Pearson
and Laura) being valid, by. Jhe law of the
place where it was contracted. Is "also valid
in this State. The statute - In . this State
provides In terms that all marriages con
tracted Without the» State -which would be
valid by the law*.* the country In which
the same were contracted shall be .valid in
all courts and places within this State. The
statute accords with- the general principle
of law theretofore prevailing. The validity
of the marriage ~ (except it be polygamous
or incestuous) is. to be tested by the law of
the place where It is celebrated. If : valid
there it is valid everywhere-. It has a legal
5HERIFF JOSEPH MANSFIELD of
San Mateo County is still energetic
in gathering evidence against the
men charged rvith the murder of
Mrs. William Mitchell and her son David,
which occurred at Colma on July 4. One
of the most important facts seems now to
have been settled. The purchase by the
suspects of the guns which it is believed
were used in the double tragedy has been
proven beyond a doubt. Lemoscher ad
mits the purchase and Baehmann, the
Clay-street gunmakor. who sold the
weapons, yesterday made a partial identi-
Jcation of Eh!ers from a photograph re
cently published Jn The Call, which was
shown him by Sheriff Mansfield. Be
yond this admission the prisoners will not
discuss their case. They have secured an
attorney and will prepare to battle for
their lives.
After it had been made public that the
place where the weapons had been pur
chased had "been located by the police.
Lemoscher admitted having been a party
to the purchase. He was well known to
Baehmann. and probably considered that
any effort to further conceal his Identity
in the transaction would hf useless. He
accordingly told the Sheriff that he went '
to the More on July 3 in company with ;
another man and bought two riri«*s and a I
i'luMgtrn, anA also ncrcf cartridges. Who J
The companion was he failed _to fay. This j
man was unknown \<* JJachmann.'and he !
considered it safe to" maintain a silence!
regarding his nair.p.
Baehrcann. who has been placed in an '
awkward position in the case, was at fir-st |
very reluctant to speak about it. The ac
cusvd m*-n are countryrm-ri of his and he
would like to havo protected them as
much as possible. The story ol the pur
chase, however, leaked out and the offl
c*>rp forced him to talk. t
He said he aid not know Lemoscber'i !
partner, and ycstc-rdiy afternoon Sheriff '
Mansfield came to this city and after se. ';
curing one of the pictures of Ebletfl taken !
by The Call visited the gunsmith. When i
t-hown the picture *!*a< hmann said:
"I think that is h-\ but I would not
tindertake to Ftate positively, because pho
tographs are in some oases deceptive. I
would n^t like to make any definite state
ment in a case where so much i£ at stake
unless I was sure about it. but the photo- i
At a Physician's Dictation Two Painters Administer
| a Boiling- Water Bath to Paul Stadie, Who Had
Taken Morphine to Commit Suicide.
Lemoscher Admits Having Bought Rifles in Com
pany With a Man Who Is Partially Iden
tified by Gunsmith as Ehlers.
GUNS PURCHASED BY TWO
OF THE MURDER SUSPECTS
Says Federal Government Should
Have Eight to Legislate .on
Subject in the Interest
of Morality.
COURT QUOTES . THE ¦ LAW.
Judge Hebbard Holds That
Reno Marriages Are
Absolutely Valid.
NEVADA BRIDES
ARE LEGAL
WIVES.
SCALDED TO DEATH IN A
TREATMENT FOR POISONING
Pages 31 to 40
Pages 31 to 40
SAN FRAXCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 8, 1900.
graph is surely an excellent likeness of the
man •who accompanied Lemoscher to my
store."
Baehmann will go to Redwood City to
day and view the prisoners. Sheriff Mans
field is sure Ehlers is the man, because
the two have been boon companions, driv
ing together and visiting the city in each
other's company, and the partial identifi
cation by Baehmann makes him morally
certain.
Little new evidence from any other
quarter has developed. Letters express
ing the extent of the deadly feud which
has existed in the Colma district for many
years are being gathered and will be used
In the trial of the case. The excitement
in the vicinity of the scone of the tragedy
has not abated and the feeling against
Mitchell is intense. The old negro still
patrols his property with a loaded Run,
but it is thought that no further attempt
will be made to molest him. at least until
after the cases of the three men now un-
JUDGE J. C. B. HEBBARD.
i I i:iir ,
lime
*
Ft. I 1
H -W-
:JFt.j
L. TV
[Ft. I
I I
F»
I
Ft
s
9
Tf7i3|
.. »:o:;-
[ |
0.4i 9:351
-0.1 10:23
i|,s.ej
g 1.0
-i-
« !
S|
I 1
3.1;
! J.2
1
. 4:3O|-
-0.4 ll:0T
-«.7 1T:«I
1 H
f 4.«:
4:0:
-0.8! 12:^1
_n 7! 1 -iu;
4.8
11 ill
• :Sr
Steamer. I From.
Dae.
Vewport JNew Tork
Bonlta JXewport
?trathsryl« 'China and Jap:
Del Norte (Portland
Kureka i HumboUlt
r-^.r.t.i ii u ::;¦¦¦ .1 * . . . . ..
Empire Coos Bay
rellus Oyster Harbor.
North Fork ....Humboldt
State of Calif.. iTortland
Santa Rosa jr-'an Dt^jro
Jrizaba I Humboldt
City of Puebla. j Victoria & Pus;
r>d .
Arcata Coon Bay
L'nlvffrse 'Oyster Harbor.
Willamette 'Seattle
?lam ...jOystiT Harbor.
Crescent Clty...iCr^*cent City..
Too.o Eav !Newr>ort
_OC9 i.'.y i^ewpon
Sewburjr (Grays Harbor..
River. Grays Harbor..
'omna !San I>l*«o
Steamer. | Destination. :
Sal!*.
, ., — i
>T. Krager.lTlllamook !
, ! Ji
uly t. :
7 am!
"orona . >t>an l»i-»«o
Eureka IHumboldt i
vcapulco ..IN. Y. v. Pan..
f't. Areaa..|P<-4nt Arena..:
uly ». 1
uly 9. :
uly ?.
uly 9. :
11 mvr.
2 pm
12 tn
2 pm
"zarina ....jS«attle ;
fip Maru. [China.* Japan
L'matllla ..[Vic & Pet Sd.
P^intta IXewport
uly 19. i
uly lt». 1
uly 10. 1
uly 10. I
!Pl*r
PM3
[Pier
'Pier
Xchc CItyJCap<* Nome. ...!
=t. Paul jCape Nom»....
S pm'
Moaca . I
D*! Norte.-j Portland
~»rizat>a ...iHumboldt
J ar.ta Rosa.'3an Diesro
•M'
\Tnrtty ITnrll Hll~,>,A'/1»
North horn HuaDOMt
?tat? of CaJ Portland
11 am
Ar.-ata ICoos Ray
rul'y 13.
Bay iXewport
ruly 14.
i'PIw
Voters: Register at once and avoid the
rush. Office open evenings July 9 to 28. •
The world's coal fields cover «71,S0O
square miles.Razor Used in Street Pight.
Joseph O'Shea, a. young laborer, re
ceived an ugly cut across the back of his
left hand in a street fight last night on
Dupont street, between Pine and Bush.
His assailant was Thomas Grady,
a youojt blacksmith. The weapon used
was an old rusty razor.
O'Shea was treated at the Receiving
Hospital and Grady was locked up at the
Central police station, charged with as
sault to murder. Policeman J. Kramer
was the arresting officer.
LONDON, July 7.— At the Alexandria
races to-day American jockeys captured
all the races.' The Judges' handicap of
1000 sovereigns, for horses which have not
been placed flrst, second or third in a
race at any recognized meeting, the sec
ond to receive 150 sovereigns and the
third to receive 50 sovereigns, was won
by - J. Tyler's bay horse Saint " Noel, by
Theophilus, out of Christmas Gift, with
Rigby up. Royal Flush, with J. Reiff up,
was second, and Orris Root, guided by
Tod Sloan, was third.
The 'Oakley plate of 500 sovereigns, for
two-year-olds, five furlongs, was won by
Lord Beresford's bay gelding Brellque, by
Favordale, out of Bibelot, with j.
Reiff ! up.
j The Middlesex ' selling handicap of 200
sovereigns, one mile and a half, waa won
by Sedbury, also ridden by J. Rleff.
AMEBICANS WIN EVERY RACE.
TRAVIS IS GOLF CHAMPION.
>TETVV TORK. July 7.— Walter J. Travis
of the Oakland and Garden City Golf
clubs is now the amateur golf champion
of the United States. He won this title
to-day by defeating Finlay Douglas, who
was champion two years ago.
On the long green the men cleverly di
vided the. honors. On the approach shots
and in putting Travis was the better per
former. The showing of Douglas on the
phort game was a great disappointment
to his friends, though on five greens he
miFsed puts for less than one foot. In the
morning game he held his own fairly well,
hut Tra.vis won an easy victory. Sum-
Travis— Out 3?, in 43; total 82. Out S3 in
«: total 81-1C3.
Douglas— Out 40, in 46; total U. Out 33
in 40; total 78—165.
TENNIS TOURNAMENT.
CHICAGO. July 7.— Play in the Western
championship tennis was begun at the
Kenwood Country Club to-day, but after
a few rounds a heavy rain drove the play
ers from the courts and caused a post
ponement until Monflay. Many players
did not arrive, but word was received
that ail who were expected except George
Bcldcn of Minneapolis would be here on
Monday. Following are the summaries
of the games decided:
Hammond beat Clifford. 6 — 1. e <• Porrey
beat Hall. «— 2, 6—1; Bond beat Comstock, 6— 0
•— J; J. A. Roche Jr. beat Crapy. 6—3 7—6-
Johnson beat Champlln by default; Snow beat
I^e. «~2. 1—6. «— «: Baker beat Levalley. «— 0.
J— 1; Beard beat Beach br default: Condee beat-
O'Crten. fr-0. *— 0; Waidner beat Wagner, 6—2
6—1: Pierce be*t Woodruff by default.
LONDON, July 7.— American athletes
to-day won eight out of thirteen of
the amateur events for the cham
pionship of Great Britain. The
Amateur AthleticAssociation cham
pionship games were held at Stamford
Bridge, and as the Americans competed
in only twelve of the events they won all
but four of th» contests in which they
took part.
Such a clean sweep is without parallel.
More especially is it noticeable when it
is remembered that they opposed the best
amateurs, not only from England. Ire
land and Scotland, but the Colonies as
well.
The New Tork Athletic Club got the
Iron's share, taking the weight-putting,
hammer-throwing, pole-vaulting and
four-mile run. Pennsylvania was second,
winning the high jump, the hurdles and
the long jnmp. Georgetown University
won the 100-yard dash. Princeton Lni
versity secured second place In the 100
yard dash and the high jump, while Chi
cago University secured the same place
in the quarter-mile run and Pennsylvania
added to her laurels by getting second
place In the pole vault. Syracuse Uni
versity failed to put in an appearance,
both her men not arriving in time to en
able them to participate in the events. If
a few American competitors had not been
either prevented entirely from running
or been so palpably out of form, owing
lo the climate, probably every event
would have been won by them: but with
«'regan of Princeton University in ill
health, scarcely knowing whether he was
going to run until the bell rang, and
with Terry of Princeton entirely' knocked
out with "a water knee, and Orton and
Alexander Grant unable to come within
twentv seconds of the normal time, it was
impossible for the Americans to make a
clean .sweep.
Kraenzlein established a world s record
lor hurdles over grass and received more
applause than the other competitors, re
gardless of nationality. As Lord Alver
slone said, when they were distributing
the prizes:
"Kraenzlein. we. have not got enough
medals to give you. We only hope you
Americans will come over next year and
defend your cup. Then we hope to have
better runners to put up against you.'
Several American competitors believed
they were treated with none too much
fairness. This they attributed not bo
much to their English competitors as to
the character^ of the officials in charge of
the American Amateur Athletic Associa
tion, who were no means representative
men. Two distinct fouls were made
against the Americans, which the Judges
disallowed.
Victorious From the Start.
The Americans started off wnll. Walter
B. Tewksbery of Pennsylvania Univer
sity, Arthur Duffy of Georgetown Univer
sity ami Charles Lindsay Burrows of
Chicago University won their respective
heats in the 100-yard dash. Tewksbery
easily defeated Prltchard, the champion
of India, and Woolsley, the English
champion, in 10 1-5 seconds. . Duffy beat
Jupp, the champion of 1898. T.. B.' Mc-
Clain of the University of Pennsylvania
was second. The crowd greeted the heat
winners with good-natured . applause,
while awaiting anxiously for the final,
after seeing how easily the home cracks
Burrows had a walk-over in his heat.
A. C. Kraenzlein of the University of
Pennsylvania. Edmond J. Monahan of
Georgetown University, Prinztein of Syr
acuse University and McLean of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, did not compete,
as Burrows had a sure thing. " .
The last trial heat for the 100 yards was
easily won by F. Jarvis of Princeton in
10 1-5 seconds, beating Henry Berry Stack
and Maloney, both of Chicago University,
who were also beaten by the Englishman?
Massey. Thus all the heats of the 100
-yard race were won by Americans with
the exception of one, which Standley
Rowley, the New South Wales champion,
ciptured.
Before the final of the 100-yard contest
was run the mile race was started. It
proved a poor contest until the last lap,
when the men were well bunched. Then
C. Bennett, one of the best meil in Eng
land, went to the front and w^n as he
liked In poor time. Alexander Grant, Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, was never dan
gerous, while Edward R. Bushness, Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, was left far be
hind. Bennett got a salvo of cheers from
the home crowd. £E&9iBMftrtHH3S£SBSMiBISia
Americans Run .One-Two-Three.
While" putting the weight was in pro
gress the final heat of the 100-yard; race
was run. All the 1 men lined up were
Americans except Rowley, the Australian
champion. From the. crack T of • the pistol
to the breasting of the tape the struggle
was desperate • between Tewksbery and
Duffy. Pennsylvania and Georgetown
fought for every inch, Duffy flying in
ahead in even time. Rowley was fourth,
badly beaten. rf
The victory in the weight throwing con
test added another point to the American
score. Sheldon, who stood like a giant
among the putters, threw 1 44 feet 6 inches
on his first try. This was never Beaten,
and Sheldon won from the Irishman. Den
nis Horgan, without difficulty, although
the latter's record is over 48 feet. J. C
McCracken of the University of Pennsyl
vania, was third, with 39 feet 10 inches.
Oarrett of Johns Hopkins put 36 feet 9
inches. John Flanagan of the New York
Athletic Club, although present, did not
compete.
In the preliminary heat for the hurdles
A. C. Kraenzlein of the University of
Pennsylvania, easily beat Maloney of Chi
cago University In ir.14 seconds — the
world's record on grass. The crowd yelled
its delight at Kraenzlein's exhibition.
Pritchard of Bengal won his heat with
ease, defeating W. P. Remington of the
University of Pennsylvania, who fell at
the last hurdle.
In the flrst heat of the half-mile run
A. E. Tysoe. holder of the championship,
easily defeated his American competitors.
John Brady of Williams; College. Wil
liamston, Mass., was second and David
C. Hall of- Brown University was third.
Edward R. Bushness of the University of
Pennsylvania and Riley o£ Boston entered
this heat, but did not run.
The second heat of the half-mile run
was captured comparatively easily by J.
B. Densham, who defeated Waiter E.
Drumheller of the University of Pennsyl
vania and Kdward A. MechlinK. also of
the University of Pennsylvania. Densham
seemed palpably to elbow Drumheller out
of his course and Drumheller protested
but the judges overruled him.
Captain Cregan of Princeton, though,
not up to his usual form, won his half
mile heat with ease, running beautifully
and beating H. E. Graham, the Cambridge
crack, by five yards. Harvey, H. I^ord of
Chicago University was third. •
. The high jump attracted little attention.
J. H. Leahy, the English and Irish cham
pion, whose record is 6 feet 4% inches,
could clear only 6 feet 7%, inches. J. K.
Baxter of the University of Pennsylvania,
creeping up to the bar, cleared with ease
6 feet 2 inches. But Walter Carroll of
Princeton could not rise above 5 feet 3>i
Inches and tied for second. place with •W.
B. Henderson of. Cambridge and P. O'Con
ner of Ireland. Baxter's jumping elicited
frequent cheers.
Kraenzlein Takes the Hurdles.
The final heats of the hurdles gave
America her fourth victory out of five
events. Kraenzlein walking away from
Prltchard and winning as he liked in 15 2-c
seconds. Nothing was ever' before seen
in England like Kraenzlein a lightning
flight and the crowd broke into loud ap
plause as the pride of Pennsylvania broke
the tape. Pritchard. the Indian champion,
was several yards behind.
In the quarter mile Chrisman Boardman
of the New York* Athletic Club failed to
win his heat. He was beaten by W. H.
Walsh, one of Scotland s best runners.
M. H. Long of the New York Athletic
Club won his- quarter mile heat as he
liked, beating William J. Holland or
Georgetown University, who was second,
and several British entries.
Maloney of Chicago University had a
walkover in his heat for the quarter mile,
Stanley Rowley of Australia, Harvey H.
Lord of Chicago University and Waite of
"Syracuse backing out. ' .
Another heat was won by C. G. Davl
son from Henry • Berry Stack of Chicago
University. Davison. it will be remem
bered, ran for Cambridge and beat Board
man, the representative of Harrard-Yale.
Up to this stage the crowd, though num
bering about 3000 persons, had been sin
gularly undemonstrative. Now and again
"Rah. rah, rah," was heard from Penn
sylvania's supporters, but on the whole
the crowd was stolid. -
"The Americans are going to win" was
the general expression when the heats
started and it generally proved true.
In the meanwhile the four-mile run had
been finished In excellent time, but A. L.
Newton of the New York Athletic Club,
the only American who could stand the
pace, finished far behind the winner. In
the four-mile run America had five en
tries. . Alexander Grant of the University
of Pennsylvania, who apparently was
much "out -of ¦form, gave up after a mile
and "Dick" Grant of Boston soon dropped
behind and; finally stopped.-- .
Simultaneously the hammer-throwing
and pole jump were in progress. 'John
Flanagan of the New York Athletic Club
astonished the spectators in "'the former
event. .His first throw was 161 -feet '2
Inches, while T. F. Klely, the -holder of
the championship, could reach" only 137
f«et 7t£ inches. J. C. McCracken of the
Univerlsty of Pennsylvania soon dropped
out. covering only 134 feet. T. Truxton
Hare of the University of Pennsylvania
did better, with 137 feet Vt inch.
Flanagan's Great Throw.
Proceeding with the hammer-throwing
Flanagan improved on his first throw by
two feet and won easily. Kiely could not
nearly touch his own record of 151 feet,
but just managed to beat Hare.
The final of the half-mile run was very
exciting. Princeton's captain, Cregan, led
until the last hundred pards. Then, amid
much excitement, Tysoe. the holder of
the championship, gradually overhauled
him 'and snatched victory from America
in comparatively poor time, which Cregan
would have beaten If he had been In any
thing like his usual form. But, like the
majority of the Tigers, he seemed to have
staled by his extended stay in England.
Kraenzlein had hard work in the long
jump. P. O'Connor, the Irishman, was a
close second, with 22 feet 4 X A inches, and
T. J. Leahy was third, with 22 feet 2
inches, while William F. Ilerington and
F. 15. McClaln, both of the University of
Pennsylvania, scored 21 feet 4 Inches and
21 feet \yz Inches, respectively.
The summary follows:
lOO-yard daj<h, final— Arthur F. Duffy. George
town-University, flrst; F. Jarvis, Princeton,
second; Walter B. Tewksbury, Pennsylvania.
thlpl\ Time, 10 sec.
Mile run— C. Bennett of England won. Time,
4 mln. 28 4-5 fee.
Hurdles, final— M. C. Kraenzlein. University
of Pennsylvania, flrst: Prltchard. second; Traf
fero\ third. Time, 15 Z-b sec, which Is the
English record.
Hammer-throwing— John Flanagan. New
York Athletic Club. won. Distance. 1«3 feet 1
inch'. T. Truxtnn Hare. University of Pennsyl
vania, threw 133 feet 9 inches and T. K. Klely
thre.w 139 feet 2 inches. . ,
Four-mil« run— J. T. Rlmmer won. Time, 20
mln. 11 sec. A. L. Newton of the Xew York
Athletic Club was fifth, fie was the only
American who finished.
Half mile, final— A. E. Tysoe won. Time. 1
mln. 57 4-5 sec. Cregan was second and Dens
ham was third.
Lon* Jump— A. C. Kraenzlein. University of
Pennsylvania, won. Distance, 22 feet 10 Inches.
Quarter mile, final— M. AV. Long, New York
Athletic Club. won. Time. 49 4-5 sec. Maloney
of Chicago waa second and Welsh third.
Two-mile steeplechase— S. J. Robinson won.
Time. 11 min. 8 4-5 sec.
Pole jump — Johnson. New York Athletic
Club won. Distance, 11 feet 4 Inches.
. Putting the weight— Richard Sheldon, New
York Athletic Club. won. with 47 feet KHi
inches r>. 'Hor*an. holder to the champion
ship, was second with 44 feet « Inches.
High jump— J. K. Baxter. University of
PennByh'jinia, won. Height, 6 feet 2 inches.
Four-mile walk— Sturgiss of London won.
Time. 29:20 2-5.
BRITONS "WIN AT POLO.
Americans Play a Plucky Game, but
Suffer Defeat.
•LONDON, July 7.--Large and enthusi
astic crowds, including many Americans,
witnessed the International polo match to
day, which was won by Kngland by a
score of 8 to 2. The following teams com
peted'.'
Americans— Foxhall Keenf, William . Mc-
Creery, L." McCreery and Frank Mapkay.
English — John Watson, the famous veteran,
who played on the original team which cap
tured the American cup at Newport; Hon. J.
Beresford. F, Fleet and W. Buckmaster.
The American* played a fasi and plucky
same, though the ground was consider
ably cut up and the c>all jumped frequent
ly. They just missed a fine run in the first
period. Fleet made the first goal for Eng
land in their period, a'ter which England
scored rapidly In Bpite of the resolute de
fense bv Keene and L. McCreery, who
saved repeatedly when a goal was almost
certain. America made a goal in the first
period amid applause and • soon after
America scored another. England, how
ever, proved too strong, winning: the re
mainder.
Meet and Defeat the Cracks of Great Britain, Australia, Canada and
India in the Amateur Association Field Contests
at Stamford Bridge.
AMERICAN ATHLETES SCORE
A GREAT TRIUMPH IN ENGLAND
The pate receipts at Union Coursing
Park yesterday were set aside to be added
to to-day's receipts, and the lump sum
v.ill be subscribed to the fund for the
benefit of the widow and children of Fire
nan John E. Sweeney. A *#ood crowd was
in attendance and was treated to a col
lection of fine races by evenly matched
do»?s.-
The first upset of the day was the race
between Cronin's Thornhill and Taylor's
imported Mose. The latter hound was
played for a cinch, the talent offering as
Rood a-s 10 to 1 on his chances. Mose led
from the slips, but allowed Thornhill even
up the score. After the undecided Mose
receded to 5 to 3 In the betting, but was
never in the chase, Thornhill getting the
flag with a 5 to 2 score.
Another surprise was the defeat or tne
recent importation. Fine Fire, by Belle
Claire. Fine Fire took the lead and scored
the first five points. In the mix-up he
waited for the game to come to him and
allowed Helle to score seven points, while
he gained but one. Belle got the kill and
the decision. Fine Fire was favorite at
6 to 1.
The dogs left in the stake are quite
evenly matched and should furnish good
coursing to-day.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
Open Make— First round: Curtis & Ron's An
chor beat S. Handv's Twin City Oil I, «-5;
Sterl & KnowW For Glory beat J. Hurley's
Phyl<v-k Boy 3-2: F. A. Mcf'omti's noyal Flush
heat E. M. KelloBR'n Ben's Babe;. ll-«; C. W.
Bonar'P Wild Norah beat Bartels" Bros. Bppr
Brewer, 3-2: T. Tearney'n Tea Ro*e beat W.
Creamrr's Jefspe , Mnnrp, fi-3; C. O. Peterson's
Silver <~loud beat H. J>ynr-h'» L«exlngrton. 6-0:,
Parha Kennels' Royal Anne beat P. MrCabe's
Boney Bny. 6-0; T. J. Cronin's TTiomhill beat
R. \j. TtyloVl Mope, 5-2; .1. Maher's Swedish
beat A. .iohn«on's Ixiwlander, .'.-4; T. J. Mc-
Inerny'g Nora beat Captain fane's Macter Dav
enport 7-3; C B. Charlewworth's Crawford
Braes 'beat J. Hurley's O K Capitol. 6-0; Cur
tis & Son's Narcissus beat Jeff Martenett's
Slim. 4-0; Pasha Kenneia' Reckless Archer beat
Krwin & l^yon's Silver Lyon, 9-6: E. M. Kel-
Iojtk'* Sweet Krama beat Aeneld Kennels"
AKaniemnon, 5-1; Russell, Alien & 'W'll
sr.n's Magic a bye; II. Lyncta'a Lottie
M J'eat J. Hurley's Hurricane, 5-3:
J. L. Ross' J L R »*at K. M. Kellogg's Iowa
Boy. T — 4: Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat
Captain (>np> Oreenhall. 5 — 0; H. A. Deckel
man'B Laivrence heat J. R. Smith's I^ady Sears,
4—3; N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony beat Erwln
ft'Lyon's Silver Wing. 7—6; R. E. de li. Lopez's
Wanda beat J. Dean's Lady Claire, 4—0; It.
E. de B. L*>pex'B Crawford Lad beat Welch
& Hanrahan'* Facramento Hoy, 3 — 1; D.
Winders" Risky 'Attempt beat Gus Abercrom
ble'n Rock Island King, 12-4; Sterl & Knowles'
Rusty «old beat I*. Rellly'n Expense, 22—7; J.
Sutton'B Master Lawrence beat Pasha Ken
nels' Rest Assured. 4—2; F. A. McComb's
Motto beat J. Moriarity's Kettieman, 10-1;
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Bellp Claire beat
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire, 9— 6; J. Moriarity's
Snapper Garrison beat Russell. Allen & Wil
son'R Victor Boy. 7—5: I. N. Woods* Cliff Wll
son beat W. O'Brien's Blackthorns, 12—2; T.
J. Cronin'B Wild Tralee beat Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara, «— 2; P. J. Rellly's PloURhboy beat
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead. S — 6:
R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara. beat
Captain Cane's Miss Penman. 4—1;
Ruswll Allen & Wilson's Rosie Clair beat T.
J Mclnerney's Regina R, 12—3; Curtis & Son's
Flyine Fox beat T. J. Mrlnerney'B Johnnie R,
g 2; T. Schou's KinK'R Borderer beat Russell.
Allen & Wilson'B Julius Caesar, fi — 3; Captain
Clarkson's Golden Garter beat Nethercott Bros.'
Floodgate, 6—0; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady
Emma b-at Curtis & Son's Cavalier. 5—3; I*.
J. Reilly's Warship beat T. J. Mclnerney's
Tommy *Rex. 8—1: Curtis & Son's McKinley
beat F A. McComb's Patriot, 4—3; P. J. Reil
ly's The Grafter beat Curtis & Son's Maud S,
6-2- J Carroll'B Auckland beat Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal. 4—2; H. A. Deekel
ma.n'8 Glen Chl.je beat J. R. Smith's Petronius.
2l>— 0; J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson beat P. J.
Rellly's Master Mat. 7—1: J. R. Smith's Syiva
nus beat E. 4- It. Scott'* Lord Byron, ll-«;
Curtis & Bon's Old Glory beat Aeneid Kennels
Aeneas. 4—3; R. E. de B. Lopez's Whltehead
beat Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs. 5— 0; J.
Sutton's Mayflower beat H. Lyneh's Emma M,
fr-0; M. Dunlea's Erin beat A. L. Austin's
Firm Foe, fr-2. ¦: ii
Sells a Strong Favorite,
But Loses by Hesitating
on the Game.
FINE FIRE IS
OUTWORKED BY
BELLE CLAIRE
NEW YORK, July 7.— Jack Point, with
109 pounds up and piloted by the Cali
fornia jockey Henry, ran the mile and a
quarter in the Brighton handicap to-day
in the record time of 2:04 3-5. winning the
rich stake in a hot drive with The Ken
tuckian and Imp. while the great Ethel
bert was lengths back. Klnley Mack, the
Suburban and Brooklyn handicap winner
of this year, was eighth, and Admiration,
the choice of all the trainers, was fourth.
It was a cracking race from start to fin
ish. Admiration carrying them all off their
feet for the first mile and then giving it
up. Salvator's crown was lowered and
Tony Aste, the bootblack king, won the
honors with his cast-off. Jack Point.
Ethelbert was the favorite all the time,
and when the horses went to the po:*t
Admiration was a strong second choice,
having been played down from 5 to 3 to 1.
Ethelbert was first away, with The Ken
tuckian second, Admiration third and the
others close up. Admiration covered the
second furlong in 11 1-5 seconds, making
the tirsit quarter to the stand In "23 3-5 sec
onds. At that point she had opened up a
gap of a lenjtth on Jack Point, which had
rushed up to and was a head in front of
The Kentuckian. The half was reached
in 47 3-5 seconds, and still the mare was
flying along in front. Five furlongs were
reeled off in l:01&
Inch by inch and then foot by foot The
Kentuckian began to draw up on Admira
tion, while Imp and Klnley Mack were
making strong bids for the leadership. At
the six-furloi<g pole, which was reached
In 1:13. Admiration was nearly caught by
The Kentuckian. as -the mare led only by
a head, and Imp and Kinley Mack were
coming fast. Thirteen seconds for the
seventh furlong gave Admiration and The
Kentuckian a heartache, but they stuck
gamely to their work and pegged away
at the next furlong, coming into the
stretch heads apart in the fast time of
1:39 2-».
But Administration was done to a turn
and The Kentuckian was nearly so. Then
came Imp from the rear, carrying her
great weight of 129 pounds as if it were a
feather, with Odom perched upon the big
saddle loaded with lead. He' worked with,
hands and heels to bring her to the front.
Down through the stretch they thundered
and the crowd yelled. First one horsa
and then another had the call.
Then came the shout. "Look at Jack
Point!" .for he was coming with a new
lease of life, and he passed them one after
another, until a furlong from home, in the
record time of 1:51. He was clear and
looked like a winner, barring accidents.
There were pood horses behind him.
however, and Odom was urging Imp like
a demon. Trre mare had a clear path and
no chance of an accident. It was useless,
however, for there were two youngsters
ahead of the black whirlwind and she had
twenty pounds the worst of it-ran awfui
load for such a distance and such a fast
race. As the clock ticked off 2:04 3-5. Jack
Point dashed past the .indices' stand a
winner a lensrth and a half In front of
The Kentuckian. while Imp was in third
place, her nose up to Clawson. and Ethel
bert was far behind, badly beaten, and th©
hopes of Perry Belmont were dashed to
the ground.
The time is now the best on record, Sal
vator's 2:05 «in his match with Tenney
having been erased. Results:
PollinK. one and a sixteenth miles Prerurser
won. Peaceful second. Carbuncle third. Time.
1M* 3-t*.
Five furlongs— Luke Ward won. Rhymer sec
ond. Termless third. Time. 1:01 1-fft
Six furlonsr*— Heliobas won. Blue Devil sec
ond. Dave Lyon third. Time. 1:14. .
BrlRhton handicap, one mile am? a quarter-
Jack Point 103 (Henry). 8 to l and 2 to l won
by a length and a half; The Kentucktan M9
(Clawson). 25 to 1 and S to 1, second by half b.
length; Imp 129 lOdom), S to 1 and 3 to 1
third. Time. 2:04 3-5. - Admiration, Grayfeld"
Buffalo. Ethelbert. Klnley Mack and Standing
also ran and finished as named.
Six furlongs— Dr. Barlow won. Outlander sec
ond. Petre II third. Time. 1:14 2 .£" anaer sec
Handicap, steeplechase, about two miles—
Ochiltree won. Trillion second, Dave S third.
Time, 4:31 3-5.
Sleep of. Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Turfman Slowly Sinking Into the
NO HOPE FOR FERGUSON.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. July 8.-Xews from
the bedside of James B. Ferguson, the
racehorse starter, at midnight, was that
f e «S' as gradually sinking. He has suf-
JS £ n attack of Paralysis, which has
affected every part of his body. His son
Garnett terguson. said to-night there
&hS r H 0^ a T 8 . Sanitarlura to st -
Lowers a World's Record,
With Henry in the .
Saddle.
JACK POINT'S
GREAT RUN IN
THE BRIGHTON
WHEN Al Neill and Jack Moffatt
meet within the roped arena
at Mechlncs' Pavilion next Fri
day night, the followers of the
fistic «port, thirsty for a good pugilistic
engagement, will probably be afforded an
opportunitv to see a fight that will tickle
the palate. Both principals have been
hard at work training for their second
meeting and the reports from their re
spective quarters tell of % good condition
and earnest intentions.
Al Neill is at' the Terminal. At this
resort all his indoor work Is done. Here
he boxes, skips the rope, beats the leath
ern bag. plays with dumb-bells, wrestles
and engages in mock battles every after
noon. The morning is given over to a
jog through the park with his trainers.
Neill likes to work and so fresh and full
of animation is he these days that his fol
lowers are in a high spirit of hope for vic
tory on the night of the fight. Neill does
not like to talk of his last engagement
with Moffatt. He was then the favored
fighter and his defeat was as disappoint
ing to his friends as to himself.
"No more overconfldence for me," says
the Californian, "I shall go into this
fipht with increased wisdom and a de
termination to beat my "man, and you
may bet I shall not throw chances of vic
tory away. It is for me to redeem mjv
self. Wnit for the fight and you will see
whether I shall do it or not."
Moffatt is at the Seal Rock House on
the beach. The salt air, the rambles
through the park and his bouts with Wil
lie Cole are bringing the Hush of perfect
condition to the skin of the Easterner.
furrowed thinking. "Will I or will I not?"
is the question.
Besides this fight between Neill and
Moffatt there will be another twenty
round go. Cole and Cox will let drive at
each other. Cox is an ambitious young
ster. He was tried out against a good
man last Thursday at the San Francisco
Athletie Club and the knowing ones say
he will give a good account of himself.
The youngster says he wants to try the
skill and mettle of Terry McGovern.
Rather ambitious, but indicative of the
proper spirit is this, Cox's, pugilistic de
sire.
He Is also confident that success will
crown his efforts when the game of brawn
and skill is on. He, too, has drunk of the
font or fistic wisdom. The previous bat
tle has taught him a lesson and he has
profound respect for the strong punch of
Neill and his reputed cleverness.
Though the training quarters of Neill
and Moffatt are separated by some little
distance, the men are constantly passing
each other in the park. • It is always,
"ilello. Jack." and ."How-do-you-do.
Al?" That is the extent of their courte
sies. When each goes his contrary direc
tion there is some tall guessing and some
SNAPSHOTS AT THE MEN WHO ARE AGAIN READY fOTRY CONCLUSIONS.
AL NEILL AND JACK MOFFATT WILL
BE IN PRIME SHAPE FOR THE MILL
San Francisco 4, Stockton 2.
The change has come. -Hank's unlucky
nine has shattered the icecake of defeats
and won two straight victories by good,
<axeful fielding and timely stick work. As
the star performer on the stage of ill
fortune. Frisco gave way to Stockton yes
terday afternoon and Mr. Lockhead
played the premier part.
In the second Inning Lockhead's top
piece came in forcible contact with a hot
grounder from Krug's bat. and now the
Stockton man wears his head in a sling
that aJlows one lamp to burn and one
far to work for pounds. Mr. Whelan then
came ir.to the game and a change of posi
tions readjusted th«» Stockton team.
Some pretty Infield work by Keilly, Krug
and Schwartz was the feature of the
game. \
The second inning was a bit of fireworks
show with Frisco at the bat. This was
the inning when stars scattered from
I-ockhea<l's eye a/id made the field reful
gent with light.
Sullivan started out with a two-bagger,
taking third on Levy's mngle. Then Mr.
Harper went wild and Sully crossed the
rubber. Krug was the man who put
Ijockhtad out of business, at the same
time advancing Levy to third, while he
kept moving till the second station was
reached. Another hit by Rcilly to right
scored l>cv> and Krug. In succession the
nrxt three men expired and the inning
The fifth jrave Stockton its first tally.
After a pretty double play by Krug and
Pabst. which put Pace and McCarthy out
of the running:. Moore made the initial
hag on an error by Krug and waa forced
to second when Courtney took a consti
tutional. Then Morrow let drive to deep
center, scoring Moore, but by a pretty
throw of Krug, Courtney perished at the
plate and the side was retired.
In the sixth, by a combination of errors
and wild throws, Sullivan coursed the
bags, making the score 4 to 1 in Frisco's
favor.
In the ninth McCarthy scored for Stock
ton, making the final read 4 to 2. The
score:
STOCKTON
AB. P.. BH. SB. ro. A. E.
Ptrfib. lh 4 0 0 0 30 0 0
Babbitt, fs.. 2b 3 0 10 12 2
lx>ckhea<l. m 1 0 « n l 0 0
Pare, c 4 n 2 « .3 3 0
McCarthy. 1. t 4 10 0 2 0 0
Mnore. Sb 4 1 1 0 2 " 3 1
Courtney, c. f.. 2b.. 4 0 1 0 3 1 0
Morrow, r. f.. c. I... 3 0 2 0 2 0 0
Harper, p .' 3 0 1 <> 0 1 0
"Whalen, r. t 3 0 n 0 0 0 0
Totals S3 2 S 0 24 10 I
SAN FTIANCIPCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. c f 3 0 1 fl 2 0 0
HiMebmnd. r. J.... 2 0 0 0 0 0 1
S-hwartz. 2b 3 0 0 0 3 3 0
PabFt. lb 4 o o « 11 o o
Sullivan, c 4 2 3 2 5 2 0
l4XT, 1 * 4 110 110
Km*, rt 4 1113 6 1
R*!Hy, Sb 3 0 10 2 4 0
ibunr. r - o n ° © i o
Total* 25 4 7 3 27 17 2
RTTC5 AND HITS BY INNING?.
Stockton 00001000 1—2
Bas>* hitF 01002220 1—8
Pan Franc!*™ 03000100 »-4
Base hits O4100101 •— 7
FCMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harper 3. Two
hase hits— Sullivan, Babbitt. Morrow. Sacrifice
hits-^-Hildebrand 2, Ibur*. Flirt base on errors
— Stockton 2. San Francisco 2. First base on
cal!p<5 halls— Pi"ckt<m 3, Pan Francisco 2. IWt
or. bafn-Ftockton «. Pan Franciscn 6. Struck
f.ux— By Harper 4. by Iburg 4. Hit by pitcher-
Schwartz. Double plays— Kruir tr. Pabst 2,
Krup to Srhwirtt tn PebM. Passed ball-
Pace. Wild pitchei"— Harjier 2. Time of game
— 1 hour ar,<i 50 minute. Umpire — O"Conn»H.
Ufflcial scorer— J. W. Btapletoa.
CAY DUDES GO UNDER.
SACRAMENTO. July 7. -Again Ewing's
hoodoo bird hovered over, the field and
the result was as usual, the Brewers win
ning by a score of 8 to 4. Jay Hughes, with
& v*ry sore arm, allowed pir hits in six
ir.ninjr« ar.d then retired to center field
in favor of Devfrpaux, who polished off
th«» clam juic**rs in the remaining innings
without a run. Held, the new rightfield
tr for Oakland, showed symptoms of good
network at his nation, and Eagar, who
Is catchinK for the Brewers, demonstrated
that he was thoroughly at home hy han
dling Huphe?" rather wild delivery with
out an error. As Donahue felled to appear
Mike Fisher umpired the same. The gate
was small. Score:
FACRAMENTO
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLau^hlin. If 3 1 1 n 0 0 1
IV-vereeux. 2b. p 4 1 2 0 2 2 2
Eagan. *. s., Sb 4 110 3 7 0
Huirhe*. p.. cf 4 0 1 \ 1 1 1 0
Hanlnn. lb, f. *.... 4 o ft ft ]r> 2 0
Kla-p* r. c 4 2 2 2 2 « 0
Ijoyle. rt 4 « 1 o 1 0 (1
Shanarsan, cf lh 4 1 « o 6 0 0
i-tu!«, 2b 4 2 2 2 2 6 0
Totals 35 K 10 I 27 18 S
OAKLANTI.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Drennan. cf 4 1 1 0 \ 0 0
Lanpe. Sb Z 0 2 2 * 2 1
Hutchln*on. lb 2 10 13 11
Held, rf 5 o l o o n o
Frank*, s. * 5 0 2 0 fi a 1
Moskiman, If 4 « 1 0 2 n o
Arrellanes. 2b 4 0 0 0 « 0 1
Manjrerina. c 4 1 0 1 3 1 0
Borcher», p 3 1 2 0 ft 0 0
Totals 3« 4 9 4 24 7 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 4 12 0 0 0 0 * — 8
Base hits 1 2 2 2 110 1 •— io
Oakland 0 O0013000-4
Base hits 1 1002202 1-9
summary.
Rune responsible for— Hughes 3 Borebers 3
Home rune— Devereaux. Easran. Two-base hits
— Devereaux, K»wr. Firrt base, on errors—
Sacramento 4. Oakland 3. First base on called
halls— Hughe* 6, Borchers 1. I>eft on bases—
Sacramento 4. Oakland 12. Struck out By
Huph*>»i 2, by Borrht-r* 1. Hit hy pitcher
Hutchlnson. Double plays— Frank* to Arrel
lanee; Ftuli to Eacan to Hanlon: Stulz to Han.
Ion to Shanahan. Wild pitches— Hughes 2.
Time of fanif — 1:53. Umpire — Michael Fisher
Official Scorer— 1. C. Xatban.
Local Team Played High
Class Ball for a Timely
Change.
* i
? V
Unlucky Lockhead Stopped a Ball
With His Eye and Was Packed
Off the Field Uncon
scious.
VICTORY SMILED
ON KANK AND HE
BREATHES AGAIN
SANTA ROSA. July 7.— Large attend
ance, a great card and plenty oft enthusi
asm marked the last day of the meeting
und*r the auspices of the Breeders' Asso
ciation. The day was/an Ideal one. just
warm enough to bring out the best there
was in the horses and a gentle breeza
blowing from the West fanned the spec
tators In the grand stand.
The first event of the day. the special
2:22 trot, between F. W. Barstow's bay
horse Wilkes Direct and the Vendomo
Farm's bay mare Linda Oak. was not
finished, the mare being sore after the
first heat.
Great interest centered in the second
event on the card, the Breeders' Futuritv
stake tor 3-year-olds. It carried a valiu*
of $1120. The entries were A. G. Ouernett'9
Zombra. E. P. Heald's Tom Smith. J. li.
Iverson's Dagmar, Kingsbury & Hoga
boom's Eula Mac and the Vendome Stock
Farm's Yendome. The betting was lively.
Eula Mac. was the favorite and justified
the opinion of her backers by taking the
race in three straight heats, Zombra win
ning second money.
The 2:13 class pace was taken by Wil
son & Brown's hay gc-lding Walter K la
straight heats. Second place went to C
F. Kapp's brown horse I Direct.
The last race of the day was the 2:1S
class trot. Seven entries were on the card.
The Santa Rosa Stocic Farm's bay mar»
Dolly Dillon had been picked to win an<i.
although live heats were required, sh*
finally did so, finishing the fourth heat in
2:13. D. Heine's bay horse Alta Vela toolc
second money.
The race meeting, all things considered,
has been a very successful aftair'and fn>m
a racing standpoint the equal of any
likely to be held in the State this year.
Dione's feat in going a mile in 2:07 1 . t ami
the work of J. C Kirkpatrick's Clipper in
making a mile in 2:0t> were both record
breakers and must b» referred to as th«
most interesting feats of the meeting or
1900. The following is a summary of to
day's races:
Breeders' futurity stake, for three-year-olils;
value. J1120.
Eula Mac, McKlnney- Balance All
tHogaboom) \ \ \
Zomt>ra (McDonald) 3 2 3
Vfndome ( Bunch » , 2 3 '•
Tom Smith (Smith) 4 4 3
Dagmar (Rodriguez)...; 5 5 4
Time-2:21>,. 2:23. 2:19.
2:13 class, pace, purse $500: mile heats. 3 In 3.
Walter K. Happy Pllot-C. M. P.
(Brown) 1 1 1
T Direct (Lafferty) 2 2 3
Wild Nutling (Hellman) 3 « *
John A (Nelson) 4 3 4
William Harold CSImpson) 5 4 2
Bernard (Whitney) ., 6 5 3
Time— 2:08. 2:10, 2:12ri.
2:1S class, trot. *50O; mile heats. 3 In 5.
Dolly Dillon. Sidney Dillon-Dollie.
Santa Rosa Stock Farm (Abies),. 1 « < 1 I
Alta Vela (Nelson) 2 1 1 2 *
Fable Frances* (.Sullivan) « 3 3 5 3
Doradee 'Hogaboom) 3 3 2 4 3
Eleanor Ann (McGregor) 4 S 4 3 5
Brlce McNel (Chadburne) 5 4 5 S 4
Miss Barnebee (Durfee) ?. 7 7 dr
Time— 2:13ii. 2:15'^ 2:15U. 2:13. 2:13'i.
NAPA PROMISES A
WEEK OF GOOD SPORT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. NAPA. July 7.— The summer fair of the
Napa Agricultural .Society will begin next
Monday. July 9, and continue one week.
There will be trotting, pacing and running
races each day. a live stock display at th«
fair grounds and an exhibition of farm
and industrial products at the pavilion in
East Napa. The sum of $S00O will be of
fered in purser for harness races. $2000 for
the runners and $2000 In premiums.
The outlook is very promising and th^
directors feel that the xoming race meet
will be a success in every respect. All
the fast horses In the State are entered
here, and the famous Napa track has been
put in excellent condition, and there prom
ises to be some fast time made this year.
The citizens of Napa have subscribed
$1000 toward the fair. A. B. Spreekels or
San Francisco, owner of the Spreckels
stock farm, south of town, has also sent
in his check 1 for $100.
Director J. 8. Taylor of Napa la super
intendent of the pavilion, and already
every inch of space has been applied for
by the merchants here.
Director W. F. Fisher of Calistnga will
he the official starter for the harness
races, and Jack Dlnne, the old. reliable
and familiar marshal at all the race
tracks, will be on deck at Napa, Director
O. W. Berry, superintendent . of the
Spreckels stock farm, -will act as starter
for the runners.
The schedule of the programme includes
six harness racfs. one earh day. a free
for-all trot for a purse of $500, fifteen run-'
nlng races, gentlemen's roadster and a la
dies' saddle contest.
There are a large number of horsea
quartered at the track now. and others
are arriving from Santa Rosa each day.
Close of the Successful Race Meetinjr
Held Under the Auspices of
the Breeders' Asso
ciation.
Kingsbury and Hogaboom's
Entry Annexes the
Classic
FUTURITY WON
BY EULA MAC
AT SANTA ROSA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 8, 1900
32
Men's calf shoes, worth $2 50. for $1 25 a
pair; assigns sale of shoes. 775 Market • •
ANNOUNCEMENT!
regarding our statement that the so-called
Weakness of Men }s not a Weakness, but symp-
toms of Inflammation of the Prostate Gland
<neck of bladder), caused by contracted dis-
orders and early disslpatlon,"and that loss of
Vitality. Prematureness, etc.. are Invariably
cured by procedures directed toward correcting
this Inflammation, we wish to state to theai
many inquiries. In the columns of the press
that it takes approximately ten weeks to cure
these disorders of the male. Th* treatment is
entirely a local one. as no drugging the stom-
ach is necessary, and that the patient may
treat himself at home, under our directions We
will cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to
any reliable Physician on request. The col-
ored chart of the organs, which we send fre»
pn application to any one interested in the auh -J
Ject, will be found a rreat advantage la "Home
Diagnosis." as welt as a study for all Interest-
ed tn their anatomy. Very Respectfully.
OR. TALCOTT & CO.,
m Market street. •
QWING TO THE FAVORABLE CRITICISM
and many Inquiries received by us from
the Medical Profession and' others Interested
Apyy.tt.TTRK'.M KNTfl.LUTHERANS WORKING
TO BUILD A CHURCH
ing him for food now at 25 cents a pound.
The cat— night-howling, bewhiskered
puss— has taken his place in tho affections
of the masses. The first club has been
formed for her particular benefit in Oak
land and a cat show,- like that given for
Belgian hares, dogs and chickens. Is on
the tapis to show off the feline's fine
points. They will be groomed and combed
and berlbboned and - gazed at by thou
sands. Some of her fanciers are trying to
make her look as much like an Angora
goat as possible. A hospital for maimed
cats Is one of the project? to which ad
mirers have subscribed liberally. Voice
culture Is proposed as a step in the direc
tion of higher education among the cats
and something In that line of instruction
•will undoubtedly be attempted.
It 13 this "hospital for cats" Idea that
has given the Impetus to the cat club.
Some of the men of Oakland who are op
posed to the midnight feline are making
solemn vows to fill the hospital with dis
abled cats the moment it is opened. House
But there are those who take the matter
seriously, and the Oakland Cat Club was
organized last night at the Hotel Metro
pole by the election of the following offi
cers: Mrs. R. B. Boson, president; Mrs.
Eugene S. Van Court, vice president:
Mrs. C. C. Taylor, secretary: Mrs. Sarah
A. Thompson, treasurer. An executivo
committee has been formed of the hus
band? of the lady officers. The movement
for the Improvement of the cat of high
degree and the regeneration of the "Mol
lle Bruser" has begun.
The rats of "The Patch" strongly object
to this culture of the cat as a ilirect at
tack upon their species and they are or
ganizing a Boxer movement of their own.
"All cats must be in by 9 o'clock.'" "No
Boxer cats admitted." "Stransre cats ad
mitted only by card approved by the
hou?e committee." "No ratting permitted
on Sundays and holidays."
rules for the government of the hospital
lnmat's are already being formulated and
Include some like these:
EFFECT ON THE FELINES OF THE ESTABLISHMENT OF THE CAT HOSPITAL. ?
OAICLAXD, July 7. — There Is a vast
difference between the social stand-
Ing of the dakland cat and the
social standing of the Oakland Bel
gian hare nowadays. Time was, in the
ante-feline days, when the status of the
relations of these two quadrupeds toward
society was about on a par. The differ
ence then consisted principally of an un
equal distribution of ears, tail and whis
kers and market value.
B,ut toward the end of tho nineteenth
century the Belgian hare suddenly became
a prominent factor in the social economy
of animals in- general. He became the
nucleus for the formation of clubs, 'the
subject for the adulation of thousands,
and a halo was woven about his head.
The Belgian hare felt Justified in giving
the cat the complete overlook.
But now those things are all changed.
The star of the Belgian hare has set on
the horizon of the animal kingdom. He
is socially ostracised. Tyrant man is sell-
CULTURE OF THE CAT IS THE
VERY LATEST FAD IN OAKLAND
0 OAKLAND, July 7.— The city of
Oakland will get permission to ex
amine some Of the books of the
Contra Costa Water Company and
the Contra Costa Water Company may
get the Injunction that It has asked for
against the city preventing the Council
from enforcing the low water rate or
dinance against which the Contra Costa
Water Company Is struggling.
Though Judge Hart, sitting in Oakland
to-day, did^ot positively make these rul
ings he announced that the only question
In his mind as to the examination of the
books was bow far he should grant the
permission. His intimations in the mat
ter of the Injunction were more uncertain.
These are the net results of a very long
day of very dry legal argument that be
gan at 10 o'clock in the morning and last
ed until after 6 o'clock in the evening.
The proceedings were extremely teechnl
cal and correspondingly dry.
The Contra Costa Water Company finds
Itself between the devil and the deep sea.
If it collects water rates under the low
rate ordinance, which it is fighting, it rec
ognizes that ordinance and is barred from
collecting any increase should It win its
fight for higher rates. If. it collects rates
under the higher rate of last year It Is
liable to have its franchises and its plant
itself forfeited under the provision of the
constitution. If it doesn't collect any water
rates at ail it will be compelled to supply
from its 'own pockets the money for oper
ating expenses, taxes and interest upon
its bonds.-
Either Act Would Involve Loss.
Either of these three acts would be un
pleasant in its results and would Involve
the loss of money to the corporation. As
loss of money is something teat the Con
tra Costa Water Company was never
known to regard with equanimity the rea
eon for the injunction application which
was filed last night and argued to-day is
verv apparent.
When the Contra Costa Water Company
went into this legal fight over the water
rates the only difficulty it saw In the way
was this inability to collect income enough
to carry it along during the litigation.
It hoped to hurry the litigation along so
that it would not run very far into this
fiscal year, but when it was met by the
demand of Special Counsel Hayne for the
city that he be permitted to examine the
books of the corporation all hope of a
speedy settlement vanished. The cor
poration officials hoped in their hearts
that this point might possibly be over
looked, but it was made a very prominent
part of the answer that was riled by At
torney Hayne for the city.
But the corporation decided that it must
have money, and when July 1 came
around and the new water rate ordinance
went into effect the oincials of the com
pany got out their bills as usual, but had
printed across the face thereof in red
ink a statement that they would collect
under the higher water rate ordinance of
last year, and If the court should hold
that the lower rate of this year was valid
the company ¦would rebate to every rate
payer the difference between the two
rates. Thus they thought to quiet the
rate payers and get in their money.
Reckoned Without Their Host.
But the officials of the company reck
oned without their host. They were more
trusting than their attorneys, and when
the attorneys saw the bills with the re"d
indorsement under -which It was proposed
to collect money, they stopped the whole
transaction. They had learned that Rob
ert Y. Hayne was inclined to fight, and
they knew that such an act would at once
place them in the hands of Hayne so that
he could appiy forfeiture proceedings
whenever he chose. They reared the man
who had asked the trial Judge to step
down and out, and decided to take no
chances whatever.
So the bills with the little red indorse
ment were never issued, and the Contra
Costa Water Company has collected no
money for July. But money must be
had, and if the plan of the officials did
not prevail they insisted that the attor
neys must find them a way out, and so
the injunction proceedings were instituted
last night with the belief that If an in
junction Is granted preventing the city
of Oakland from putting the new low rate
ordinance into force that they .will find
some way by which they may collect
money under the old and higher rate.
"We have collected no money for July,"
said President J. H. T. Watkinson to-day.
"We did prepare bills with the Indorse-
Judge Hart finally announced his inten
tion of taking both matters under con
sideration for future decision.
Robert Y. Hayne took the position that
the application was Insufficient in that the
Council had no power to enforce the ordi
nance and nonce could npt be enjoined and
he asserted that the company wanted this
injunction merely to lend color of law to
its effort to collect money.
There was considerable argument as to
the setting of the date "for the trial,
which was finally fixed at September 17.
The argument on the Injunction proceed
ings lasted during the entire afternoon.
Attorney E. J. McCutcheon argued that
the water company would be gTeatly in
jured if they were compelled to collect
rates under the lower ordinance and
should this ordinance be declared void
they would never be able to collect the
lost balance. The most interesting por
tion of the argument for the Injunction
was the reading of a lot of signed Inter
views by the various Councilmen in which
they were made to say that they fixed the
water rates without due consideration and
that they all thought that a board of en
gineers ought to be appointed to fix val
ues. Mr. McCutcheon claimed that these
statements showed that . the ordinance
was void In that the Council did not prop
erly consider the value of the plant when
It was fixing rates.
Date for .Trial Set
"I am satisfied that the showing In this
matter is- suflicient to authorize the In
spection of "certain books, but as to how
far this inspection shall go I am not fully
decided. It seems to me that it will
justify the Inspection of the books show-
Ing the operating expenses, the tax ac
counts, the receipts and the original ex
pense accounts. I hope to be able to set
tle this by Monday night."
Judge Hayne in his argument took the
ground that the application for examina
tion was legitimate; that the very com
plaint filed by the water company, which
asserted that the plant of the corporation
was worth more than SS.OOO.OOO, showed the
necessitv for the examination of the books
by the city. He argued for the sufficiency
of the specification of books by his appli
cation and declared that if his descrip
tions were not sufficient then the statute
permitting the examination of books
might as well be abandoned.
Attorney A. A. Moore, for the corpora
tion, said that Mr. Hayne's second appli
cation was no more' specific than the
first; that it was totally insufficient and
that it was merely a fishing expedition on
the part of the city.
Then it was that Judge Hart outlined
his decision In this matter:
Must Se« the Books.
"We have got to meet a monthly outgo
of about $10,000 for operating expenses
alone. This Includes nothing for better
ments or keeping up the extensive works.
We have also $175,000 a year interest upon
our bonds to meet, without including
taxes. This interest is due seml-an
nually, eo that how much of this we
would have to meet during this litigation
depends upon how long the. litigation
without Income lasts. If we don't pay
our interest then everything stops. This
is what we are fighting for in the Injunc
tion proceedings."'
When Judge Hart opened the session to
day he found three motions confronting
him. One was the motion of the city to
be allowed to examine the books of the
company. Another was a motion of the
Contra Costa Water Company to set the
case for trial and the third was the ap
plication of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany for an injunction to prevent the city
from putting the new ordinance in force.
The corporation wanted the Injunction
proceedings heard first, but Judge Hart
decided that the motions came in the or
der given and took up the motion for the
examination of the books.
"The carrying of this litigation Into the
present fiscal year leaves us. in this con
dition. We cannot turn our water off, and
we cannot collect money for what we
give. If we were in any other business
and the customers" refused to pay or could
not pay, we could stop the supply, but
this we cannot do In the case of water
served to the people, for the people have
got to have water.
Income Is Shut Off.
ment that we would rebate the difference
between the two rates if the lower ordi
nance was sustained, but our attorneys
would not allow us to put the bills out.
We have not collected a dollar since the
first of the month, though under ordi
nary circumstances we would have begun
collecting at once. ) ¦
Application of the Contra Costa Company for
an Injunction to Enable It to Collect
From Rate Payers^
Judge Hart Undecided, However,
Just How Far It May Be
Authorized to Go.
CITY MAY INSPECT
WATER ACCOUNTS
Honors for a Councilman.
OAKLAND. July 7.— Councilman J. O.
Lemmon has been appointed by resolu
tion of Congress a director of the Nation
al Red Cross Society.
OAKLAND. July 7.— F. Eskilson. ac
cused of stuffing the Hearst Hall labor
f>ay roll, Berkeley, has been held for trial
n $2000 bonds on th9 charge of gram*
larceny.
Eskilson Held for Trial.
PLEASANTOX. July 7.— While workinr
Thursday on a thrasher John Hamburg of
San Ramon was caught in a whirling bell
and dragged almost into the large pulle%
before the enenne was stopped. His life
was saved by the timely action of the en
gineer, but Hamburg was so badly cut ard
bruised that he has been under a physi
cian's care since the accident.
Caught In a Thrasher Belt.
OAKLAND, July 7.— Burglars entered
th© residence of Frank Armstrong at 1SS2
Valdez street Wednesday afternoon and
after ransacking the house from cellar
to garret made oft with a quantity of
silverware. The Armstrong family Is out
of town for the summer and the exact
loss Is not known.
Armstrong Residence Robbed.
As there is a long list of available men
for the position. Professor E. W. HKgard.
dean of the agricultural department, will
make the appointment.
BERKELEY. July 7.— A cablegram was
received at th* University of California
this morntns from General MacArthur.
Manila. P. I., 'asking that a competent
chemist be sent to him immediately. A
chenflst is needed lor food and liquor
analysis. The salary -will be StS-'rt) a year.
MacArthur Wants a Chemist.
Los Angeles -will lecturer Sunday evening
before the Oakland Socialist Labor party
at 91S Washington street. Mr. Wilahiro
will represent California at the Interna
tional Socialist Congress at Paris in Sep
tember.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. July 7.
The explosion of the Western Fuee and
Explosives Company's inagazlne at ilel
rose on July IS, 1898. when five peace offi
cers were killed while attempting to ap
prehend a Chinese murderer concealed in
the powder storage house, is the cause of
another damage suit. James Palache by
his attorneys. Bishop £c Wheeler, to-day
commenced an action against the fuse
company for $1000 damages for the alleged
destruction of a house at Melrose by the
fxplofion two years ago.
Plaintiff Owned a House That "Was
Destroyed by the Explosion
Which Killed Five Peac«
Officers.
James Palache Brings Ac
tion for One Thousand
Dollars Damages.
ANOTHER SUIT
FILED AGAINST
FUSE COMPANY
The pastor. Rev. A. J. Rodell, nnd the
trustees are well pleased with the plans,
and are satisfied that by a continuance of
activity among the parishioners there
will be little difficulty in securing the
money required to start the new edifice.
Sufficient decorative work, within doors
end upon the exterior of the building, has
been artistically used for enhancing the
beauty of the church.
nook will be devoted to the pastor's
study. All facilities for social entertain
ments are provided m the plans, kitchens
and the like being handily placed on the
basement floor.
of the ne&test of the smaller church build
ings of the city.
Plans were completed recently for the
ptrueture. which. It is estimated, will co«t
about $&*X>. The building will be started
as soon as ¥¦>') Is in hand. Of this J2500
has been subscribed. The main audito
rium, with gallery, will seat 400 persons.
A half basement floor will provide ac
commodations for a laxg» Sunday-school
room, while assembly rooms for the va
rious young people's and other auxiliary
organizations of the church will be sup
plied. On the main floor will be the trus
tees' meeting room, and a cozy corner
raoposED imw cmxntcH structure aud the pastob.
I<sctur>» to Socialists.
OAKLAND, July 7.— N. H. Wllsblre of
George D. Metcalf 13 home after five
weeks' absence In the East. While away
Mr. Metcalf celebrated the thirtieth an
niversary of his graduation with his .old
classmates at Yale.
I • • •
James G. Reed was married recently to
Miss Ida Henri' 'n Volcano. Amador
County. Mr. Reed Is a graduate of the
Oakland High School and also of the Uni
versity of California, '». The young
couple have made their home In Oakland.
• .-.'• ''., '•".¦-"
.The wedding of Miss Eva Helnbold and
Frank A. Jackson will take place In the
chapel of the First Presbyterian Church
on Tuesday evening. July 17.
• • •
George D. Metcalf Is home after five
turned from a hunting trip through E!
Dorado County. .
Mrs. Willard Williamson has returned
from a trip through Southern California.
Professor Richardson, who was recently
married to Miss Wilkinson, will return to
Berkeley with his wife about the 19th
from Madison, Wis.. where he attended
the meeting of the American Philologi
cal Association. ...
A new. dancing club has been formed to
be known as the Monthly Assembly, Its
first dance to take place September 29.
The patronesses are: Mrs. F. F. Osborn.
Mrs. M. Lambert; Mrs. A. S. Folger. Mrs.
L. H. Dowdle, Mrs. J. F. Young. Mrs. E.
B. Cushman. Mrs. . George Westland and
Mrs. M. V. Boardman.
Next Wednesday Miss Violet Albright
will give a card party at her home on
Twenty-seventh avenue. In Frultvale. In
honor of Miss Jean Hush, whose engage
ment was recently announced.
Miss Florence Lundborg returned to
Oakland to-day from Paris, where she has
been studying art for the past three years.
Miss Lundborg has acquired an enviable
reputation, some of her fresco work hav
lutr attracted considerable attention.
Miss Lundborg is a sister of Irving Lund
borg of this city.
Miss Edith Gasklll pave an Informal
lunc>»eon last Thursday, afternoon at her
home o% Fifteenth street in honor of Miss
Chrlssle Taft. who has recently returned
from the East, where she has been at
tending school. The young ladles present
were: Miss Chrissie Taft. Miss Pauline
Fore, Misa lone Fore, Miss Sadie Hale,
Misa Anita Lohse and the hostess.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Harris will be at home
to their friends on Sunday, July 15, at
their residence, 451 East Fourteenth
street, the occasion being the twenty-fifth
anniversary of their wedding.
Miss Daisy Mercedes Plomteaux was
married in New York City on July 4 to
Paul C. Fischer. The bride Is the daugh
ter of Dr. and Mrs. EL .J. Plomteaux of
this city. Mr. and Mrs. Fischer will spend
part of their honeymoon at Niagara Falls
and will make their future home In New-
York, where Mr. Fischer Is in business.
• • •
bridesmaid. Miss Eva Barbree of San
Lucas, was in pink organdie. A wedding
supper was served. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. A. N. Beebe. Mr. and Mrs.
M. P. Baldwin. Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Bald
win. Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Whitney. Frank
Baldwin. Earl Baldwin, Mrs. S. L. John
son, Miss Marcllle Johnson. Miss Eva
Barbree. Charles Rollins. Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Richardson. Miss Xellle Snowden.
Miss Charlotte Richardson. Mrs. J. TV.
Walsh, Miss Muriel Walsh. Mrs. M
Noyer, Gerard Richardson. Mr. and Mrs.
A. Fleurnoy. Mrs. Heslop, Mrs. M. Rol
lins. Miss Gertrude Hodges, Miss Annie
Vesslng, Miss C. Frazer. Miss Minnie
Adams, J. Hack, W. Rilea. Mr. and Mrs.
J. Havery, Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Whitney.
D. Roberts. Mr. and Mrs. Williams. Mr.
and Mrs. TV. A. Beebe. Layton Baldwin.
Miss Xellle Beebe. Clarence Beebe. Miss
Edna Baldwin, Miss Eva Beebe and Earl
Baldwin Jr.
• • •
OAKLAND, July ".—The California and
Nevada Railroad will resume operations
July 15 under charge of Receiver A. A.
Grant. The announcement Is made that
the road will be operated until the minor
matters connected with the title of' the
property have been settled in court. With
inese proceedings at an end.'- it Is under
ctooo? the Santa Fe Railroad will take
the line. '
To Operate a Railroad.
ALAMEDA.. J«ly.7.-Whlle playing.^th
her companion? 14-year-old Margaret
Boarman, daughter of T. M. Boarman of
1509 Morton street, ' broke her collarbone
yesterday. This is the second'tlme within
two months' that the young lady has
broken the bone. The bandages had Just
been removed from her shoulder for a
fracture that she received two months
since. , , . . •'¦ ¦ ' : ';
Collarbone Twice Broken.
OAKLAND, July 7.— The Board of
Library Trustees decided this evening to
reject all bids for the construction of the
new library building and to readvertise
for new bids, which will be considered at
a meeting to be held next Friday even
ing. The bids were rejected because of
Irregularities In their nresentation.
LIBRARY TRUSTEES
REJECT ALL- BIDS
AKLAND, July 7.— Miss Clara Belle
/(-.•¦¦l! Beebe- and George West Baldwin
\J/ were married last Tuesday evening
/^ In the pretty new home prepared by
Mr.'. Baldwin for his bride. The residence
was ¦ decorated in white and green. The
bride Is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. N.
Ijeebe of 1684 Eleventh street. The mem
bers ¦ of > the Dolly Madison Social Club
were guests at the wedding. The bride
was . downed In whit©' organdie and the
WEDDINQ5 j\m
1 ' SOGIAL NOTES
Carpenters' Union Installs.
,«. AMEDA. July '--Alameda Union No.
194 cf the Carpenters and Joiners, installed
officer* last evening in Linderman Hall
Refreshments followed the Installation
exercises, together with an impromptu
programme of music and song. The offi
cers Installed were: F. C. Rounds, presi
dent: George H. Kline, vice president- J
E. Lewis. • recording secretary; G G
Kneppler, financial secretary; John Sath
treasurer; James Hammond, conductor'
H. P. Hansen, warden.
OAKLAND. July 7.— "Kidnaped." a
melodrama vivid with action, will be the
card the coming week at the Dewey The
ater.
The Holden stock company will support
Raymond \V hitaker In a scenic produc
tion of 'Xnder Sealed Orders," a mili
tary drama, during the new week at the
Macdonough Theater.
THEATER BILLS FOR
THE COMING WEEK
OAKLAKD, July 7.— John Russell, alias
Patterson, the young burglar who was
captured while attempting to rob the res
idence of W. H. Price in East Oakland
several months ago and was found guilty
of burglary !n the second degree, was
Eentenced this morning by Judge Ogden to
three years In Ban Quentln. Attorney T.
V. Eddy made a strong plea for his youth
ful client, but the court could see no rea-
Bon why Russell should not go to prison.
Russell was discovered In the Price resi
dence by a member of the family, who
laid him low with a. stove poker. He Is 17
yeara old.
BURGLAR RUSSELL IS
GIVEN THREE YEARS
Friends of former Attorney General A.
Jj. Hart are much alarmed over the re
ports from the Uvermore Sanitarium con
cerning his condition. Fears are enter
tained that the patient's reason has been
impaired beyond recovery. Although in
perfect physical health General Hart has
not shown any improvement in his mental
condition since he was taken to the sani
tarium.-a couple of months ago.
Mrs. Hart was a visitor at the sanita
xium two days ago and was informed by
her husband's physician that his condition
was very aerlous. From that the report
that General Hart was dying became cur
rent the assumption being that the state
ment applied to the physical aspect of the
ease. That was not a fact, but If Is now
believed that General Hart's mind has
weakened to such an extent that he can
not benefit by further treatment.
The lawyer's condition. It is stated, has
lieen largely superinduced by excessive
cigar smoking. His case has been very
closely watched since he was sent to Llv
ermore. but nothing has occurred to give
any encouragement concerning his recov
ery. ¦ j - ; -';V:.-- : >
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July. 7.
Many "Weeks of Careful Treatment
Fails to Check the Breaking
¦ Sown of Brilliant
Mentality.
Former Attorney General A.
L. Hart's Condition Is
Not Improved.
MIND WRECKED
FROM EXCESSIVE
USE OF CIGARS
The baby was found by the mother a
short time afterward dead at the bottom
of the tub. Doctors were ¦ called," but the
infant was beyond resuscitation. The
mother was so overcome by the shock
that she was prostrated and Is now un
der a physician's care.
The sad accident occurred late In the
afternoon. The mother had been busy
with her household duties and had left
the little one In the back yard, safe, she
thought, from any danger. The tub was
standing in a corner and was kept full
of water to' prevent It from drying out In
the sun and leaking. Mrs. Papnek had
occasion to go out of doors, and noticed
that the baby was not in the yard. She
started at once to find the child and dis
covered her baby's body at the "bottom of
the tub, /completely covered by water.
A few minutes after the body was
found the father arrived home from
work. . and the distressing news was
broken to him.
Coroner Mehrmann was notified of the
accident and took charge of the body. An
inquest will be held.
While the thlrteen-months-old baby boy
of Andrew J. Papnek was toddling about
the yard at his home in Fruitvalo this
afternoon he fell Into a tub o£ water and
was drowned.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 7.'
mother Misses the Child, Who Was
Playing in the Yard at FTuit
vale, and Found Its
Body.
Thirteen - Months - Old Baby
Papnek Meets a Sad
Fate.
FALLS INTO A
TUB OF WATER
AND IS DROWNED
OAKLAND, July 7.— The Young Men's
Metcalf Republican Club was organized
to-night at Fraternal Hall, where assem
bled a large number of representative Re
publicans of this city in response to a
call • Issued by W. H. Chickering and
Frank Barnett. The meeting was called
to order by Frank Barnett. who explained
the purpose to be the organization of the
supporters of Congressman Victor H.
Metcalf In the fight for the Third Con
gressional District nomination. Clintor
G. Dodge named W. H. Chickering for
president and he was chosen by acclama
tion. The other officers are:
First vice president. Hpnry A. Melvin; second
vice president. McrrU Klynn; third vice presi
dent. Senator Frederick S. Stratton; fourth
vice president, Fred Sinclair; fifth vice presi
dent. Alexander JlcAdam; sixth vice president.
Uod W. Church; executive committee— Harry
W. Pulslfer. G. D. Warren. Charles Kllnkner.
W. J. HennesBey. J. S. YVlxson. Andrew John
eon; enrollment committee — W. H. L. Hynes.
John W. Mott. B. P. Miller. George Mason. C.
L.. J. Pierce: committee on resolutions— Lloyd
P. Larue. Charles Tlmmons, J. J. Hanlfln Jr.,
Edward Farrell and Dr. J. J. Medross; re
ception committee— Herman Card. Dr. C. O.
Edwards, Joseph E. Johnston and Harry Morri
son.
Speeches were made by H. A. Melvin,
Dr. C. L. Tisdale. William R. Davis. Wil
liam O'Connor, Professor L. D. Inskeep.
C. G. Dodge, Dr. A. B. Webster. A. C.
Henry, W. H. L. Hynes and William H.
Waste.
CONGRESSMAN METCALFS
SUPPORTERS ORGANIZE
The Alameda local train, running forty
miles an hour, killed a middle-aged wo
man this morning while she was crossing
the tracks at First and Center streets.
The victim was Mrs. Hannah Roach, 57
years old, of 611 Adeline street. The acci
dent was witnessed by Maude E. Weber,
a young woman residing at 1417 Thiro.
street who thought the victim was con
fused by the whistling of the engine and
stepped directly in front of the swiftly
moving train.
The fatality occurred about 9 o clock.
The train was running westward to the
broad gauge depot. As usual, along the
straight 'stretch of track through the
West Oakland district the train was run
ning at top speed. There is small chance
for saving life endangered along these
tracks, and they are the scene of many
f£ ThV woman was seen by Engineer Op
enshaw walking ahead of the train in
the same direction ,it was running. He
said he blew a, danger blast on his whis
tle and the pedestrian stepped clear of
his track. Then she suddenly stepped
back and the locomotive struck her be
fore a move could be made to prevent the
a *The e "nfortunate woman had stooped to
Dick up some object from the track. A
pocketknife was found afterward where
the woman was struck, and it. Is supposed
she stepped back to get that. There Is
a probability that she was deaf and did
not hear the blast from the engine.
The" body was thrown twenty feet from
the engine. Death, must have been In
stantaneous, for the woman's skull was
fractured and several ribs were broken
The remains were not badly mangled and
are easy of identification. ,
James Roach a son of the dead woman,
made the Identification. He knew nothing
concerning her death until he arrived
home from work to-night, found his
mother missing and went in search of her.
Roach is a stevedore, employed at Long
Wharf. - .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 7.
No Chance for Life Upon Tracks of
the Flying "Cannon Ball"
Speeding Through the
City.
Victim Hurled Twenty Feet
by a Westbound First-
Street Train.
FAST-RUNNING
ALAMEDft LOCAL
KILLS A WOMAN
The magazine wa? exploded by a Chin
ese employed by the fuse company who
took refuge there from the Sheriff's dep
uties who were attempting to arrest him
for the murder of another Chinese. The
murderer warned the officers no^ to ap
proach and when they did he fired the
powder, blowing himself and five of his
pursuers to pieces.
The plaintiff alleges that the defendant
corporation stored in its magazine at
Clark and A streets, gunpowder, nitro
glycerine, dynamite and other explosives
in unlawful quantities and that the fuse
works and the explosives necessary in the
manufacture of fuse were In dangerous
proximity to the village of Melrose and
but 600 feet from his property.
Palache declares that the fuse company
acted in an unlawful manner when it
caused to be stored, on its premises the
substances that exploded on July 19. 1S98.
According- to his complaint, "a house
owned by him and situated within a lew
hundred feet of the works was struck by
timbers and other missiles hurled through
the air by the force of the explosion and
so badly damaged that it had to be torn
down.
THK SAiN iKAJSGlSUO CAL.L, SUiSDAY, JULY 8. 1900.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKLLEY
OAKLAND, July 7.— The members ot
St. Paul'i Swedish Lutheran
\J/ Church have raised, by most dlll-
rent and enerpetlo effort, -trlthln
$500 of the amount they require to start
the erection of a sew tacred edifice on
their property at the northwest corner
of Tenth and Grove streets. Friends ot
the church hare joined with the consre
r&tlon In a etrons movement to secure
tbe small balance needed to begin the
construction of what promises to be one
• •
33
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J Special saving prices.
? Groceries and liquors.
4Knox Gelatine 3 pkgs 25c.-
\ -Sparkling."
r Known for purity and good flayer. (
Japan Rice (
* i?£i, vlximp 7 pound 25a
A Cooks whole. Regular 6c pou&d .
Hani can 4c /
\ Litbr. McNeil and Liber's.
f Tor lunches and picnics. Doz. 45c. .
Coffee j*v»Biend.
t iS?*' poimdpkgi 5 o (
A Whole or ground. Usually So to
JC. & B. Chow-Chow )
I Kepilar 4.tc size. DOtlie 3OC,
Cocoa can 22c <
\ GbirarfiellTs pet quality. .
V Guaranteed to ** beat the Dntch." (
f Golden Gate Matches (
A nich-grade parlor -nV-rr tl/r(
\ mutches. Gross 42c P K g 6 A M
A Kegnlar 6c pkr. I
Soap 12 bars 25C>
» Pure oil Boap. Made by Cudahy, \
§ Onab». ?atae Btvle as Lenox. (
\ Just fits the hand. \
Rye . \
J Whiskey.^.....bottlc 7503
V This branfl soenred th» hlf beet v
> strard »t Chicago World'a Fair i
V overall other brands la f
A ootnpetition. Case of 12 >
f bottles J8.U0. Eegnlar (1.00. (
* Shaw's Malt Whiskey (
{ ?uf£ t6tandard< ' f bottle yocf
6 Keconnaenawd for medicinal us9. /
\ lie.'ular S1.»K). V
J Beech Run Whiskey (
I ggSSPMgf- bottle 5 oc^
Tonic Port (
.( JKSSS^ gallon 6oc<
Id feegtuar J1.O0. /
Market St. 8. Y. Bhattuck Av, Berkeley*
f 9th &Waehinston,O«ik Central Are, Alamod*. r
Broadway. " 7th & Wood, Oak. > ;
V 6i let Street, ban Jo««. V
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength rnd memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly icrateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strensm
and development Just where It la needed.
It cures nil the Ills and troubles that
come from years of tnl«tise of the nat-
ural function* and has been nn absolute*
•success in all cases. A remiest to. tho
Stat* Medical Institute. 32S Rlektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
nc<"> will be complied with promptly. Th»
Institute I* desirous of reaching that
great cla.'s of men who are unable tt>
leave home to be treated, and the fre«s
sample will enable them to see ho^r ea*y
It is to be cured «f sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. 'The
Institute make:* nn restrictions 1 . Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample.
carefully sealed -In a plain package, so
that Its recipient reed have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Reader* ar«
reauested to write without delay.
to All Who Write
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FBEy 0 MEN !Mrs. H. W. Hellman and daughters.
Miss Ilellman rnd M;?3 Amy. have fror.e
to Santa Monica, where they will pa«s
the summer at the Hotel Arcadia.
Mr. and Mrs. Wm. G. Miller and chil
dren '.eft on Tuesday for New York, ard
from there will go to the Paris Exposition.
Miss Cora Foy left on Sunday evening
for San Francisco and the East. Miss
Mrs. Geo Caswell and daughter. M!ss
Georgia, left for the East, where they win
spend the summer.
Miss Martha C Shrader ar.d Murray
IJnckhara were married on Thursday
evening by the Rev. Wm. A. Knighten.
Mrs. J. F. Peck has as her guest her
niece. Miss Dora Feter. of San Francisco.
Edward Germain, with his family, have
gone to Santa Monica fcr the summer.
Mrs. O. I- Brant was th» guest of henor
at a reception given by Mrs. C. C. Wright
on Wednesday at her home in Michigan
avenue. H^r guests were Mrs. J. S. Chap
man. Mrs. R. H. VariH. Mrs. J. W. Hend
rick and Mrs. W. H. Brad>y; Mmes.
S-wain. Worsham and Maguire.
Miss Lillian Bell left on Tneswlay for San
Francisco, where she will spend a month
or two visiting her relatives.
Mrs. Win. Pridham has as h»r raest her
niece. M5?s Grace McCorrnack.
M!«3 llae Bcshjshell entertaJred at
luncheon on Tuesdav evening In honor of
her Normal Sch^-o! friends. Anose these
present were: The Misses Jacobs. Laugh
fin Carpenter of San Bernardino. Owen of
Las Vegas. TV allot of Anaheim and Jones
of Colton.
Mis* Bessie Burr entertained on Friday
evening at her home In West Twenty-first
street at a chaf.r.g d.'sh party. Among
those present were: The Misses Lclu
Botsford. Fanr.le ScbofieM. Stella Hea'.y
and Eva McClure: Messrs. Robt. Hart
well. Wm. rs'.shcp. Clarence Condon and
UrotTG. L. McKeehy.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Aubrey Davisson en
tertained the young people of the Chris
tian Endeavor Society of the Irnrnanuel
Presbyterian Church on Tuesday evenfrrg
at the'ir home in Ingram street. The din
lr.g room, where refreshments were
FffvM. was wry daintily arranged In
flowers and ribbons. The affair was given
in nonor of the graduating class of the
socletv. -whose name? are: Misses Bessie
Loyhed. Wlnnifred Brookman ar.d Dora
Mi:rch:«on: Messrs. Elmer Famsworth
and Dan Hammock.
Mr. and Mrs. Henrj- Kramer gave a very
pleasant children's dance on Saturday
afternoon at their hall to close the
Many pTexxy dances were indulged In by
many pretty girls. Fancy dar.cir.g was in
evidence, being arranged as follows: "La
Cachucha," the Misses Verona Wilson.
Oarrie Rushtcn and Virginia Gross;
•'Skipping: Rope Dance." Miss Vercr.a Wll
son; "Wand Drill." Miss Margaret Tay
lor: "Skirt Dance." M:??es Georgia O.T
and Virginia Gross: dumbbell drill. Miss
Uorothea Taylor: mandolin dance. M:s3
Berr.ice Marcher; "La BelTe." Miss Freda
Averill: tambourine dance. Carrie Bush
ton. Virginia Gro«s and Verona Wilson:
"How Tom Sawyer Whitewashed th«
Fence." Miss May Scott.
Mr?. James L. Boyle and mother. Mrs.
H. D. Thompson, pave a large reception
on Friday afternoon at the hone of the
latter in 'Bonnie Brae street. They were
assisted In receiving bv Mes.-iames Clin
ton N. Sterry. George r>. Ruddy. Hender
son Hayvrard. Richard Morer; Misses
Lucia Thomson, Kath!?*n Driscoll. Sara
Taylor 4r.J Etta A!en of Chlllieothe. Ohio.
The Misses Gussie rHinklebenror ar.d
Stella Sanford served tea -while Miss Ju-
IiettP Phelps looked after the punch. The
house was most beautifully decorated In
ro?es. carnations, ferns and potted plants.
Some ISA criests were present. Music wu
furnished! bv the Arend orchestra.
The members of the Monday Afternoon
Euchre Club were the guests of their gen
tlemen friends on iionday evening at the
Burbank Theater. Supper was later
served in the blue room at Hicka". Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Loean,
Mr. and Mrs. Longley, Mr. and Mrs.
McCaffery. Mr. ar.d Mrs. Peck. Mr. and
Mrs. Zucker. Mr. and Mrs. Sheldon. Mr.
and Mr?. Hosier; Mesdames Crandail.
Soper. Walker, and Messrs. Crandail and
Medlll. /
Mrs. Elirabeth Deures3 was delightfully
entertained on Mondav evening by Mrs.
Elizabeth Wheeler at her home in West
Seventh street. A very enjoyable m'-sical
programme had been arranged by Prof.
Wilde. Mrs. Hops and Messrs. Lambert
and Stor.fman. Mrs. Wheeler read soina
interestir.*: selections. Aracnsr the guests
were Mr. ami Mr?. C. C. Travers. Mr. and
Mr?. M. Jamison: Mesdames Ryan. Deu
res = . Olfford. Koss. McKlr.ry. Hutber,
AVarningion; Misses Haiehi, Kendall, Me
serve, Goscard, McKinny, Laage and
Boyle.
Diedrich. Young. Thorpe. Lawrence. Stew
art, Burt, Fowier. White, i*errin ar.d Ab
bot.
Rev. Et:srpnia F. St. John, the noted leo
tcrer and e-vanpe'.ist. win address the coa
pre^ation of Lebanon Church e~r»»-
Twer.ty-thfrd and Sar.ch»» itmtSL^to
r.ight on "The Power cf Thought." Mrs.
St. Joha is an earnest asd elac«e-»
speaker. She will go from here to Hun'
boldt County, retarninir in t!m» to- the
Con?re$3 of Reforms, which will b« fc#u
at PaclSc Grove on the S?ta Inst. u^'dr
th- auspices of the Stata Wcrsaa's C'-'-'al
tiaa Union. ****—
Noted Evangelist to Lecture.
Preparations for tlie Event at
the Chutes.
The celebration of the fall of the BastUa
will be fittingly celebrated by the French
residents on Saturday. Julv H. a; th«
Chutes. Elaborate preparations are beir-^r
made for exercises, both day and nighi.
and the following pro^ramrne will be pre
sented la cona*nora:!ca of one cf the
most momentous events In French hi3
tory: . ¦•
Orcrtsra. "L* r*=^ Elanrtis" BoJ«ldUa
By th« Crch#»tr» <rf I'Harsoslt Carnot.
Profey*;r V. Em-Piri ilirector.
Aiires* by tie President oi ti« r^ay
J. M. Dpua*
Sa:u:» ta rrar.es. "I>a=sh:?r cf ti» Reji
tB«Bt" Mi«» JuZ:e Cott«
Tr^uitcn* *"'.>. "x:»*c»-Ix>rr»:n«"'...,
Be=-T»yc-^x
M. A. Rcccovierl.
Oratica In E=xl:sh Hon. 3. M. Shcrtrids*
Fantsia ftrea "Faust" (Jiuao^J
Orcliestra cf rH*rmccle Carrsot.
"' St * r - s P*f< t: * <S Fr»=c:j Scott K*^
B*rytc=» asd ccr=«t (3^et> F. B«nt
M»strs. O. ard A. Mefrtt.
Ormtlea 1= Fr»=ch.; Hca. P. a. B«rirn
¦M*r»«.'...al*«-- Roug-t ds tSEm
M=». Led* Fleeter.
"S:=r cf FarswelT" lfct»l
Orrhestr* cf rHar=s=!» Camrt.
1= the ever.lr.ff there wEl be Crewrsrks
and & ravai battl- ea the lake with nras'.a
by the bard and a grand ball la th»
theater. The committees havtsr the *Zal?
in charge are:
Arrm.ns»ineat»— Hoaerary p;'«»M«at. P Aa
totse. V5i« Cc=*tii cr Fr%=c«: rr-»:ir=t "o- ti«
itr. J. M. Enjr«; flr»t vle« preti**— 3 j
Bran; »eccaj Tic* rresSien^ P. Belferijee:
F*1ti»tic« — X. &oen!s. S. Bros. J. Brm. K.
P^biteJty-Ed K*5«r^.. X. i!*frt^ J. C»
<Ie»u. A. Ooustlaax. S. Brua.
Bran. J. Louse V. Gardei. -=-=». ¦.
Literary ex*rcl«es— A. Goc*ttasx. X. 3t»*-«*
A. Grx=c?r. A. Verb*. P. a. Berg-m. a. £S
I>ccratJec»-J. Godart. M. JoaS«— J Q*Z
fcanlt. L. C. Bertla. E- X>aae»i*r. J O-aros. J
Music— E. L*caZ:«t. Th. LAcc«t«. T. B*H»
iranie. L. C. B«rtin. Ed Kanqule.
R*c«rtlcn— L. C. B*r>.!=. E. Daacher. P. E*l.
sol. M. Joubert. C. t^Iar.ae. J. Lc^ta.
Gate— M. F^ichs. C. Laiasse. J Lc-«e_ r
r>lscl. A. Gnts*«r. Charles GreiTe.'
Oa crter— E. Glraa. J. Gebharlt. E. D«^:e-
Ck»r>9 Gr«-». J. CaJeaa. \L Jrehert. a!
J. Guyct. P. Delsol. C. L«:aa=e. J? Gol
dart. E. Gi?sr.ir.a. — ~» -• **<*•
French Residents Makine Elaborate
WILL CELEBRATE THE
FALL OF THE BASTILE
CarlyJe Thorpe ar.d Jasper d« F. Gr*.!H:i
left cb Morwl'ay «t*s!ss for Venr-ira..
where they will wper.d tile mtunzneT.
Mr. and Mrs. w. A. Cur.nt=gii3r3 hav«
gone to Pacifc Beach to pas3 the r^n-
Miss HattSe Ur.denfeld left on Mssiar
evening fcr Son. Frar.cisco, wber* she will
visit relatives ard frier-da.
The Very Rev. Father Ljxa has ffcre ta
Sar. Francisco to spend his vacation.
Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Draka Rtsddy enter
tained witli a log* party on Saturday
ever.in? at the Orpheum.
Mrs. E. W. Kidder and fasslly left la?t
week for Lor.g Beach, where they wfll
spend the sTjinirier.
Mr. and Mrs. MaJcoIm MeLeod left la»t
night tor a European trip.
Mrs. Max Karris ar.4 ehndrwn left on
Monday fcr Ocean Park, whera they will
;ass the sun:njer.
Foy expects to Join her Bister la th« fall
ar.d both will -rnylt the Paris Expoaltlca.
Invitaticns have been issued by th»
Philolethea Club for a laws party to t*
erlven at the hone cf P. W. Powers. Hol
iywood.
A s-irprise party was tendered to Miss
Ac-*- e Omten 2t her residence. l^S Fol
s~m street. Friday evening. Jar.e 2?. by
the crai'ja'e* of Franklin Crenicf BchooL
A tcw« »fs served at midnight sr.d the
Her:* Gatherings.
. N frisj^aTt is anrour.ced of M : ss
LAIUp Larr of A'am^ia and Thomas Fos
ter ' Oakland. They w-.l! receive on the
Crst SctMSar in A'jff-^st at IZiZ Erosdwar.
A!£rr.ela.
"¦-¦- engagement reception of Miss Anrle
Jacobs ar.4 Ssn Rcskln will be held to
<iav
Th- ercTigersT-t {* anr.TjnofJ of Maa-
TiC'~- R.irh'-i'j and M!ss Victorine I>evr-.
Mr. and Mr*. P. Gr^?« ar.r.curce the en
rairesnent cf their daughter R*» to C. J.
""*-• w. I ::-; <-.f Mi<=s Jos'e Oxtcby and
E. H. Han^nsr. •-? Pescadero -artli take
place in Acgnsl.
They're Engaged.
«=r=:Hr, g:<-rica« Frurrh has come end
i r"^ Rl3 a!* who can linrer at
the vartoea summer resorts. There
•s re -h upht of reium to town. and.
;- '• :. -:: :-.: -at^r.s point to a prolonged
cut of town season. •
At tin resort* there Is plenty cf anvjse
r • - • for p.". Host* are "xertlr.g thern
r^!-.»»s to aSTortl pieasTjre for their many
f"-s:s. ar d the re<;;!ts are pl*asa.r.t in
Ihe streme The fortunate ores whi
have LtmuUy hcm€s are b*lng hcspitab>
t^tlM -ritreme. and there is s«~»rce!y &
rr.'sr* that not its house parses.
COBONADO^Ovvr t^c thousird persons
»p*r.t :*ie Fo-jrth at Camp Ooror.sdo. the
new test report at Coronadr* beach. The
<Iaj" wr.s the greatest 5r: point of atter.d
ar. » :r the r.:stcry o* the resort. Mrs.
Hrra^ M< Phe<? ar.n Miss Barber of Santa
Ars ktc at CorTado fcr the summer. Mr
ar..: Mrs V\*. J. Pease and Mr. ar.d MrsI
C. 6. Pierce are at Cairp Coronado for
Jo!y. Mr. and Mrs. Raphael Peixotto of
6*1 Fr".r..-:sc"> pave a drlightful sailing
perty on "Tue«^£y to a number of n->rth
ki Crtenfla. Mr. and Mrs. R. E. VTeUs of
Pltoen&i bare decided ;o spend Jc!y and
A-:cj=! at Coronado. General Marion
Chcrcbfll has returned after a three
months' sta> ir. Arizona. Mrs. O. C. Pratt
s-:«i ?rr.. Ori-l'ie C. Pratt, of Sar. Fran
<-:<¦¦-. decided %¦> remain at Corcnado
flaiicg the p':rr.raer racr.ths. Mrs. C. F.
Mnllecs of ?Jiri Frar.cisco chaperoned a
f.pr'y of rotxnc r-e^^P'-e from the Hotel de:
Crr-r.sdo or. a coaching party to Old
Tcwr. mni ?>J:ssicri Valley, given by officers
of Ihe IT S. S. Rar.ser nn Tu^siay last.
I. • :• rr,rt Hlakely. Dr. Odell and PJcharti
tThxte of the T". S, S. Rancor gave a
lurcheon on sh:pboarf on W"e<:nes<Say.
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Roerner and family
have for the past month occupied their
Mr?. Sol Charroak (nee Zelinsky) ar.d
daughter. Miss Dorothv- Hortense of
Woodland, are visiting Mrs. R. Zellnskv,
4S3 Fell street.
Mr!=. Charles M. Sadler of Alameda and
her daiiehter Ryth have returned from
Skaggs Hot Springs and are now in San
Rafael, accompanied by Miss Sadler.
W. E. Hamburg, wife and child have
left for Glen Ellen for the summer.
Mrs. A. Jacob! and son.? have gone to
the country for two months to spend their
summer vacation.
Mrs. Carlos S. Unsa of Portland is visit
ing her parents at IZZT Golden Gate ave
nue ar.d will be at home the second and
fourth Wednesdays.
A. E. J. Nye and J. M. Nye Jr. are on a
trin to the Hlue I>akes. - -
Miss Hannah R. Hartman of 1£*9 Scott
street is spading her vacation in San Ra
fael.
The Misses Pauline and Etta Davis o;
712 Grovo street are spending thefr vaca
tion in San Rafael.
Mrs. A. F. Adams. Miss Irene Adams
and Master A. F. Adams will spend the
summer at Calistoga.
Mr. ard Mr?. Horace Smyth have re
turned from an extensive trip tb Egypt
and the Orient-
Personals
The twentieth anniversary picnic of the
Sar. Francisco Frauen Vereln will be held
en Sunday, July 23. at Shell Mound Park,
Berkeley. '_.. ..-:;..
Mr. ar.d Mrs. J. L. Harris of Oakland
will celebrate their twenty-fifth anniver
sary on Sunday. July 15. and th?y will be
pleaserl to s«* e their friends at their home.
<61 East Fourteenth street. Oakland.
St. Joseph's booth of St. Paul's bazaar
¦will give a July party on Thursday. Julv
12. at the residence of Mrs. Stephen Mr-
Neill. f>$ San Jose avenue. The proceeds
wi'.l be tlevoted to St. Paul's building
fund.
The A.«tor1as announce the opening
party of the season on Tuesday evening,
August 7. at Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter
street.
;v>!b-jr§T" (Lincoln), Florenr-e How
ell; piano duet. "Dichter.und Bauer" fVon
Suppct. Mrs. Grant and Miss Horner; vo
cal pnlo, (selected*. Miss Newcomb: "Re
vealing the Mystery." Miss Briseoe: hymn
No. SIS. congregation; song, "America."
congregation.
n ths Future
The Cosmos Social Club, consisting of
the members of Professor Ar.gelo Byrne's
progressive stenography- class of !S«Jrt en
joyed a pleasant outing to the redwoods
n^ar Rr.gs Station on Sundav. the fTth
inst. A dainty luncheon was served under
the trees, after which L. Madden sang a
solo and responded to an encore The
Cosmos -j-jartet— Messrs. Anthes. Collins,
Silva and McCosker— rendered s-irne nur
sery rhymes with pleasing effect H
Schwinn followed with a comic s*!ect:.-.n.
The Roliickers gave a most s-uee-ssful
excursion on the bay !ast Sunday. Those
present w*re: Mrs. Lizzie von" Puttka
mer. M!ss Mae Hunt. Miss Lacy Martin
Miss Ger.ev:eve Nolan. Miss N*eU Bart
!ett. Miss Marian Frankes. Miss Lottie
Russell Miss Inez Garcia. Miss MUHcent
Dean. Mtea Blraie McDevitt. Harry Allen
Char.e? Gunther. George Molock*. Les!!*
Mercin. Oustavus Baisngarten. Theodore
£- Snow Gecrjre Henderson. Warren,
Fa:s, Emile ManeJet.
The Chrl^iiar, F.ndeavorefs of the Fir«t
Free Baptist Church. Bush street, near
Larkin. tendered a reception to Mrs F
\\«=t. president cf the «o<rlety. on- July 3
- Letters cf invitation have been «er.t to
the ¦Young People's Society of Christian
Endeavor of the various churches and In
rfCfv-.->e delegates were present from the
First Presbyterian. MIzpah Presbyterian.
First Congregational. Plymouth Congre
gational. First Christian, First Methodist
Firn Methodist South. Calvary Presbv
terian. Mariners. Chinese Bapt!=t Oak
land First Fre. Baptist. Oakland Metho
dist. S:. Paulus German Evangelical
Lutheran and \ St. Paul's Evangelical
Lutheran. The young p^ple or the
ch-jreh. to show their love ard apprecia
tion of th«ir leader, hart arranged an rx
cilTt programme for the occasion. Th<?
ch/.:rch wa? beautifully decorated with
flowers and flaes and in the center hung a
Ifige "W." The following was the pro
gramme of the evening: Hymn No 100
'Or.war-1. Christian Soldiers," congrega
tion: Invocation: recitation. "Address to
the Flag' (Drake). Mrs. L. D. Adam:
song. "Star-SpangJed Banner." congrega
tion: piano solo <selected>. M!«=s Florence
Howell: vocal solo. "Answered." Mis«
BulUrd; recitation. "Th* Revolutionary-
Rising" (Reed). Miss Tanr.shill: vocal
solo. "Where the Bee Sucks" <S!r Henry
BJsh^p). Mrs. A. M. Grant: guitar duet
fseUctedt. Mrs. J. Saddler «n<? Mrs. B F
Stacey: vecal duet. "Music and Her Sis
ter. Sor.g" <(Glnver\ Mr?. J. Norrls and
Miss Root: recitation. "Address at Get-
The pupils ir. the kindergarten depart
ment cf Miss Bradley*! school gave a flag
ar.d bonbon party Friday afternoon. June
29. at 52$ Eddy street. Those taking part
la the exercises were: Fred Mills. Bruce
Mill?. Harold Sutherland. George Crock
er, Patrick O'Connor. Stewart Goldstein,
Sydney Shisher. Charlie Lacgsdorf.
George Randoiph, Gladys Morgan. .Mary
Crocker. \ era Carr, Dvrothy Nagle. Dor
othy Young. Lavina von Staden. Marearet
Srnith, Ruth -Howard. Laura LundDerg.
Minnie Mills. Lucy U'lids. LJnie Woe
becke, Syble Brewster. Carrie Goldstein,
and Edr.a Goves.
Club Parties.
A very pleasant affair took place at the
home cf Mr. and Mrs. F. Harry Draper
in honor cf their daughter. Jennette. at'
5.? Utah street or. the 23d inst. The par
lors were decorated with ferns and flow
ers donated by Miss Mae Long of Lark
j spur. The feature of the evening was the
j singing by the Draper Glee Club. Among
I those present werej Mrs. Ollie Reed. Mrs.
j Tom Jarvi?. Mrs. Fred Draper. Mrs. Wll
; liam Beckman, Ralph de Rernmington. J.
i Everett Sweeney. E<1 Kietzker of Honolu
j J-j. F. Joseph Hurley. Chester Hinds of
I Honolulu. Professor F. Harry Draper.
| Lieutenant Ed Lane of Frultvale and
; Mrs. Dottle Baxter.
A very pleasant surprise party was
i given in honor of M!ss Hazel A'nrahamson
! at her residence. 1OS Geary street, on Sat
j ¦•jrdav afternoon, June 20, by Miss Leona
I lires'.auer and Miss Mabel Rosenthal.
! Those present were Hazel Abrahamson,
Myrtle Abrahamson. Leona Breslauer.
Mabel Rosentbal; Elsie Kahn. Blanche
Giiggenhelmer. Florence Samuels. Sylvia
Samuels. Mabel Sirtay. Dora Michaels,
Celia Lewis. Myrtle Samuels, Dollie Lew
; is. Louisa Green. Mabel Frohman. Pearl
j Crocker, Rubv Friedbergr. Hortense Guile.
Beairice Gu'-e, Ethel Kosenthal. Jennie
i Pechner and Bertha Kantrowltz.
On the evening of the 29th of June Mr.
j ar.d Mrs. H. J. Pape Jr. of 116 Thirteenth
I avenue. Richmond, celebrated the lifth an
niversary of their wedding. They were the
recipients of a number or presents appro
priate to the occasion and among the
i number was an attractive bouquet made
j entirely of shavings, these being fash
ioned to resemble Rowers and leaves. The
home of the couple Deingr inadequate to
accommodate their many friends they
v.ere all invited to supper at Saratoga
Hall, where there was dancing, singing
• tiT.d cakewalking. About seventy-rive
guests were present.
| s!!io. Thomas Smith, Walter Dill, George
' Wison, Oscar Lun. Duke Glmmel, Rufus
I Miiler. James McCormack and others.
previc'-is to her departure fur Manila I
on the transport Grant. The evening |
was ' spent in games and other I
arr.u<err.*r.t«. At 1139 an elaborate sup
per was servtsd. Among those present
¦were: Juanita Howard. Ernes; Hcbbs,
Qjeer.ie Hamilton^ Walter Bowling. I
Ernyle Murphy. Hiram Curtis. Margery ]
St. "Clair. R>b F.ay. Uzzie Spear. Frank j
Ksoi. t"a. c sie Murphv. John Glasgow. Mae \
McElroy. Frank Kenr.ey. Gertrude Mayo. |
Robert Hale, Juaxtlta Murphy. George |
Lampkin Jr., Viola Beck and Gus Wil- ¦
Itasison.
On Friday evenir.g. Jure C3. The Ven- !
dome Hotel cf Oakland Iras the scene of I
a very pleasant event, when Mr. and ;
Mrs. S. F. Harvey and Mr. and Mr=. j
Fcuts. s«5$ted by Miss Slabel FV>uta and I
Miss B"«^:e E. H'arvey. gave an informal |
reception ir. hon^r of Miss Anna M. Whip- J
p!e of Fmvider.ce, R_ I., who is visiting i
Mr. and Mrs. Harvey. A delightful even- j
ing's or.tertainment was afforded. Re
fre<hn:er:ts were »er\ - ed during the even- !
ir.s and the young people departed with !
many re-erets. Among the many guest? j
wet*: Mr. ar.d Mrs. F. P. Krouffh of j
WfttsonvHle. Mrs. Hunt. P. A. Morton- i
Dyer of New York. Mr?. S<?ech. Charles j
I>unlap Jr.. SUsi Graee Se«eh. Richard |
Coe oi New York. Miss Belle Byrne. Fred
Hopper.
illsf Irene Ccrrifps was the re<ipient cf {
a pleasant surprise party Saturday even- j
!ng at her residence. 91? VAliejo street, j
The ev*»a:njf *a« passed in dancing, sine- I
ing and other amusements. Amcnsr these i
present w«re: Missos Irene Corrtps, Mar- !
s-aret Hu<isior. Corrine Heyman. Susie ¦
Hsrifr.r-1. Elsie Gauit. Katie Rapsiiio. j
Ethel Pace. Marguerite Boyle. Lizzie Me- I
P.ri.ie. Nettie P->etz. Anita Boyle. Grace I
ly-.we. Fanny PJ.srr.oy. Nellie Ruddock, i
Mary Gailnton Ktta Gerken. Ada Till- j
rr.an. Blanche Kramer. Margerv Alvado; ;
Messrs. Victor SchultT. Joe Burns. Tim
othy O'Brien. Her.ry Ford. I>tuIs Freita?.
Edward Burns. Ar.tor.e Ro«ej. Daniel Sul- \
livars. Edxcard Hii'lard. James Cp.shrnan. i
I>en;e McAvct. Frank Maino. John Le'th, j
Frank Bard»a, Robert Horesmaa. E<2- j
ward CornifT. B?n.1?.min Mason. Manuel
P.e3. Gf^rpe Fev. Jn«e?h Simons. Joseph
Uorris. Walter Nightir.caJ". William Bas-
marryriakir;^ was kr-pt up % j"til the early
hears cf the momirg. The guests were:
Leo Kane. Maybelle Toplitr. Rose Mc
laughlin. Milton Conklin. Alyce Kane,
Horace Ilermou. Eva Loughllnj Howard
Turner, Annie Tay. Edward McKear.y,
little Myer. Charles Gai!a?hcr, Mary
N!gro. Haiold Karll.Lena Bmndtjen. Her
man Cousins. Agnes Corrisar;. Vi'illiam
Dur.nir.g, "Beatrice Lehman. Charles Cor
rigan. Ar.r.a Corrigran. Fred Hooper, Mary
Corrigan. John Sheehan, Katie Corrigan,
Lionel Thornton. Marguerite MeSshar.e.
Max Rube"st*:i:i, Gc-nevieve McShar.e, Ben
Lleskejr and Mildred Kivi.
A delightful evening was spent at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Kohn.
at €33 Geary jnreet. on Sunday evening.
Jure 24, in honor of the anniversary of the
blrlfcday of Thomas J. Johnston. Those
present wtrc: l>r. and Mrs. Avery B. Mo-
Gili. Mr. ar.d Mrs. John F. Revaik. Mr.
and Mrs. Henry L. Kohn. Miss Cassie
ODonr.eM, Ambrose E. UNeil. Charles E.
Houndy and Thomas J. Johnston.
A pleasar.t surprise r^r*;.' was tendered
to Richard Walsh by his friends en Fri
day evenirjg at his residence. Z4 Kiiiott
Pitrk. The evening was spent in games,
dancing and raus;c. after which the guests
parttok of a sumptuous repast. Among
those present were: Mrs. L:gon. Miss
AtJcle Upw, Mrs. A. Ptrrv, Mrs. P«?ter
'o:: Mr>. Fushdte. M>> ICn:::y l'et«?r?on.
Miss Corinne Fusbette, Mrs. S. Walsh,
Miss Adelaide Trautner, Mi>s Etta Craw
ford: Messrs. Litile. Weber. Jon*s. Perry,
Cassin. W. \Va2sh. E. Walsh. R. \Vaish.
Mrs. W. Walsh and Miss Gnice Walsh.
Miss JuaniU HcwarJ entertained a
number cf her frifr.ds at fcer» home on
Jackson str<eet Tl.urscay evetdnsr, June S5.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS— The
Fourth of July «*as celebrated at Califor
nia Hot Springs by a fancy dress ball.
Many of the costumes were very at
tractive and showed much care In prep
aration. Among the most notable were
those of Mrs. Jack D. H. Green. Mrs. H.
1L Wood, Miss Levtngston. Mrs. McCros
son and the Misses McCrosson, Mrs. Ber
liner. Miss Nellie Brown. and -Mrs. Hay.
Some of tb.4 gentlemen's costumes were
VICHY SPRINGS— The following have
registered at Vichy 'Springs during the
past week: Miss Sullivan. Julius I^emle.
Dr, W. O. Taylor. S. E. Beaver, Walter
S. LVon. E. Benjas. H. Bonstel. J. P.
Lvett. Miss C. Devlin. Miss A. Devlin.
¦Jkfrs. B. Oulaf. Mrs. Caro, Harold Caro.
Carrie Caro. Kirk Harris ar.d wife. Mrs.
J. \V. Raphael and family, Mrs. Cc-rtz
berd. Mrs. M. Erlenbach. Mrs. M. Orden
steln. V. R. Bury. W. Cox. D. J. McKay.
Joseph Nordan and wife. Miss Halberg.
W. M. Ccnklin. XIlss KL Conklln. Frank
E. Cordes. H. F. Keenan. G. W. Shorten,
wife and son: Lester Jacobs and wife, L.
F. Vann and wife. E. A. Douthitt. A.
Rolland and wife. E. S. Wieland. CbarW
H. Bane and wife. Miss R. Harby, Miss
C. Clark. Dr. A. N. Copsey. Miss M. E.
Wilson. A. H. Edward and wife, Mrs. L.
E. Blumberg. Mi.=s L. J. BJumberg. Mrs.
L. A. Taylor. Miss Agnes Taylor. W. W.
Fulraer, E. C. Sar.ford, Miss J. Van Pelt,
Edward Coleman, Miss Persis Coieman.
Miss Janet Coleman. Mi=s Rose C. Stolz.
Miss Minnie C. Stolz. L.H. Johnson, San
Francisco; P. Flynn. B. McFaden, J. J.
Allen. F. M. Davie. Harry Siem, Oak
land: I. R. Rosenberg. H. Rosenberg.
Healdsburg; S. HIrsch. Portland: Miss
G. Kelton.' Ventura: Jtillen H. Rosen
berg. Chico: Mr. and Mrs. P. S. HIrsch.
San Jose; Otis D. Swan. Boston; F. W.
Laughlln. Mark West: Miss Jennie Dai
ley. Windsor: C. O. Wiggins. Indianapolis;
George P. McNear. Petaluma: E. A.
Thomason, Hongkong; Miss Rederneyer,
Honolulu: P. P. Rockett, Manila; J. E.
Kennean. Baltimore: J. L. Levy. San Ma
teo: H. L. Zeek and wife. Fort Bragg;
Miss G. L. Sha-or, Potter Valley; W. a.
Lotwood, Chicago.
SARATOGA SPRINGS— Among the re
cent arrrlvals at Saratoga Springs are:
From San Francisco— F. Moraehan. Mi>
ton Moraehan. lx>ui? A. Arzner and wife.
David and Emma Arzner. Mr. and Mrs. L.
Fitch. Lucille I^evy. Mrs. W. H. Mir.er.
Kate Miner. Fanny Miner. Sheldon Man
tel. H. Donegan. Dr. and Mrs. Strick
land. H. S. Brown. Mr. ar.d Mrs. Henry
Mever. Edna Meyer. William Meyer. Ce
lia "Meyer. Celia FriedJander. Jack Levy.
Mrs. J". Franetta. Mi«=s Franetta,- Mrs.
Sandman. Miss J. Sandman. Miss L.
Sandman. Mrs. Mathews. Miss Underbill.
Miss Brown. W. H. Stinsin. Mr. ami Mrs.
A. Dujxtu. Nellie Ewing. Leonora.
O'Brien. Rosamond Shutz, Mrs. Neuman,
Harry Neuman, Arthur Neuman. Mr.
and Mrs. Lyman Foster. Mr?. Krerr.po,
Lyman Foster Jr.. Elsie Bang, Frauleia
M'arJe Sada. S. M. Simon; Berkeley. Mr.
and Mrs. G. Schultze: Alarceda — Mr. and
Mrs. F. Der.ninger, Misses M. and E. Den
ninger.
PARA1SO HOT SPRINGS-The follow
ing: guests have registered at Paraiso dur
ing the past week: M. Brandenstein.'Mrs.
S. Goldstein and son. S. S. Hockett and
wife. J. W. McDermott. G. F. Quigley,
Miss Bertha Smith. Mrs. Bertha Dobsin,
Mrs. Fleisher and daughter. R. W. Man
ning. Miss Collins. Mrs. R. T. Van Nor
den. James T. B«yd. D. A. Baum. I. S.
Resenhaum. Miss Helen Rosenbaum.
Harry Block and wife. Miss Elise B^th
Block, Milton Block. Charles Block. John
Macdnnald and wife. R. A. Dcak. H. P.
Miller. W. L. Ray and wife. Clyde Ray,
Miss H. M. Raphael, Sam T. Reed. George
H Reed. Charles A. Stone. Mr?. I. Watt
and daughter. H. L. Young and wife. San
Francisco; T. J. Field. Monterey; Ernest
Ramie, Salinas; Miss F. Trias, Mexico:
James C. Dunphv. El Paso; John A.
Hicks. R. L. Hicks. R. A. Hicks. Los Ga
tes; I. J. E?an, Stanford; J. P. Clark,
Mrs L. McEvey. Miss Elsie J. McGill.
Berkeley; Mrs. G. White and son. J. L.
Taylor and wife Jack H. Owens. Mrs. H.
D Rice. Miss Bertha Stoy. Misa Ethel
Stoy, Oakland; J. H. Yates. Miss Hattie
Wood. Mrs. J. F. Casey. Los Anseles.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— James Shea
and family are spending the summer
months at Gitrcy Hot springs. J. C. No
lan and family are spending the summer
months at Gilroy Hot Springs. Dan
O'Callaghan, a wholesale merchant of San
Francisco, with a number of personal
frlen&, has had a most enjovable stay
at Gilroy Hot Spring?. Captain II. Bing"
ham. wife and daughter have returned
to their summer residence at Milisvale
after a most pleasant stay at Gilroy Hot
Springs. Mrs. John S.. Robbins of San
Francisco, with a number of lady friends,
will .spend two months at Gilroy Hot
Springs. J. A. filch and wife of San
Francisco will spend the month of July at
Gilroy Hot Springs.
On Wednesday evening a very enjoyable
entertainment was given in the dance
hall by a number of the guests of Wei«
man"s Bluke Lakes Hotel, including Mrs.
C. Guggenheim. Miss Greenebaum. Mas
ters Stelnberger, Sinsheimer. Mr. Meyers
of the Y. C. M. A. of Oakland. Mrs. F.
Happersberger. ¦ Miss Mary Townwnd.
Mrs. S. W. Ehrroan, Mr. A.- L. Gump,
Mr. S. M. Heller. Mr. Noteware and Mr.
F. O. Rcbbins, who managed and ar
ranged the programme, which concluded
¦with a dance, the music being furnished
by Weisman's Orchestra. The affair was
voted a decided success by all present.
Monday evening. Jure 23, the guests
were all invited by Mr. S. M. Heller to
participate in a potato bake ziven at his
cottajre by the lake. While all were seat
ed around a rearing fire awaiting the
cooking of the succulent tubers the guests
rendered several choice vocal selections.
A most enjoyable evening was spent by
a!! who participated.
BLUE LAKES— The following guests
registered at Blue Lakes the past week:
Mrs. J. Shoenfeld. Joe Shoenfelvl. L. R.
Ellert. Arthur Ellert. A. E. Nye. Bill Nye.
A. Donegan, Mrs. W. H. Miner. Mfsa Fan
nie Miner, Miss Katherine Miner. Harry
Sheideman. Edwin C. Bachrr.an. W. Wil
liam Davis, P. Rotherme!. Mrs. T. J. Bai
ley. L. Sheelinc, Mrs. S. Sheeline. H. H.
Brown. Mrs. M. Lewis. Ml?s Stella Triest.
A. Backheim, John J. Whelan. Mrs. M.
C. Talbot. Mr?. J. Barry. Charles S. Boas,
Adciph Boas. S. Hedge?. Miss Applegate.
San Francisco; Mrs. Lou Rabbins, Mrs. O.
D. Hsmlln, Master Oliver Hamlin, C. L.
Markie. Oakland: Margaret Webb. Bessie
Rothermel. Berkeley; Mrs. J. B. Sanford.
Mi^s Kate Bromley, Miss Grace Cunning
ham. Abe Marks. J. J. Keller. Ukiah; W.
J. Whitton, Lakeport: Mrs, J. McNally,
Petaluma; Dr. and Mrs. Strickland Mrs
M. Lada. Mrs. C. Neuman. Mr. H. Neu
man. Miss R. SdraltX Saratoga; Miss M.
DeCamp. Los Ar.geles; Miss McCall. Eu
M. Knust, Colorado.
At tbe Resorts
Mrs. M. Studzinski of 2222 Pine street
has gore to Santa Cruz to spend the sum
mer.
Dr. Marion Thrasher has just returned
from his. summer vacation to the south
fork of the Stanislaus.
Dr. and Mrs. E. F. Glaser have re
moved to f52 Sutter street.
Miss Bertha B. Boa? has returned from
her summer outing at Vichy Springs.
George AV. Stamper is spending the
summer at Bartlett Spring's.
Mrs. Anna Hendrickson and Mrs. Mae
Lawrence have just returned from a
three weeks' visit to Rough Side farm.
as the guests of Mrs. Curdts and her son.
Otto Curdts.
Miss Josephine G. Kelly is spending her
vacation at Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz,
the guest of Mr.*. W. Harrington.
-Mrs. Isidore Jonas and Miss Rose Keene
have returned to their home in this city
after a most enjoyable trip to the Santa
Cruz Mountains.
Mrs. Charles C. Ehrer has discontinued
her days at home.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Attell (nee Abrams)
m-1 11 receive their friends Sunday. July 15,
at their residence. 1S21 Scott street.
Mrs. H. Kinspel of Baker?fie!d is here
on a visit to her mother at <£3 Octavia
Dr. and Mrs. Pisehel are occupying a
cottage in Ross Valley for the summer.
The Misses Hannah G. Murphy and Mae
fc-. bullivan have returned from an ex
tended trip through Southern California
and Mexico.
Mr. and Mrs. Rube Cohen and daughter
are spending the summer in Alameda.
Hother Wlsmer has gone to Lake Tahoe.
where he intends to remain about a
month.
Abe Mayer and Miss Lilly Mayer of S
HoJlis street have gone to Santa Cruz to
spend the summer.
MLss Lrzette Howard and her sister.
Mrs. Gray, left yesterday* for an extended
trip north, where they expect to visit "all
the points of Interest.
Mi?s Maude Hart of 1421 Post street. has
discontinued her day at home during the
summer months.
fMi?s Eugenia M. Ferrer, the pianlste,
has returned from New York and Is vis
iting her parents. Professor and Mrs. XL
T. Ferrer, at their new home, 5730 Tele
graph avenue, Alden. North Oakland.
pretty country home In Mill Valley and
expect to remain there until the fall.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred H. Smith (nee
Tobln) have removed from 111 Frank
lin street to 2002 Sutter street, corner of
Fillmore, an(^ will, be at home the last
Tuesday of each month.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Goldstein (nee
Ososke) have returned from their bridal
trip and will hold their reception this Sun
day from 2 to ; p. m., at their residence,
4G5 Clementina street.
A charming party given by the mem
bers of the senior A class of the Normal
School was held on Friday evening at the
Woman's Club House. The rcusic for the
evening was furnished by the Arcnd or
chestra. Amen? those in attendance were:
Tie Misses Moody. Neuhart, Young. Rey
nolds. Perry. Bosbysbell. Hawley. Walker,
Carpenter and Owen; Messrs. Bie<isoe,
Mifs Winfred Ofbourne gave a very en
joyabTo house party on Saturday evening
and Sunday at her home in Alhambra.
During the first evening the guests were
entertained by Gal! Borden. Among those
invited were: Misses KathrjiJ Kidder.
Bessie Bartlelt. Jessie Page, Helen and
Louise Crawford and Julius Browning.
Miss Mabel Kalloch was the e~u??t °*
honor at a beating party on Thursday
evening at Westlake given by Miss Alice
Healey. After spending a pleasant time
on the water the young people repaired
to Miss HeaJey's home en Westiake ave
nue. Among those present were: Grace
Winters. Lena Reed. Bessie Burr, Harrie*
Crlttenden. StelJa Heaiev. Mlttie McCor
mack. Grace WnitesiH. Rose Lowrnan
Luella Cook. Zadie Hart well: Messrs
Harrv Baskeirille. Paul Crippea. Clvde
Phillips- Ralph Phillips. Jack TIribits.
James Howland. Robert Hanwell. Rich
ard Hinman. William Reed, Will Scho
field. Sam Moultcn and Robert Golmer.
The eighth grade of the Thirteenth
street School entertained the summer and
winter class of 1JO9 at a spread given on
Thursday afternoon. Games w ere In
dulged in. after which refreshments were
served. Among thosA present were: Ha
reJ Gates. Bessie Goldsmith. Louise Rush.
Ava Rays. Laura Davlson. Ethel Mathew
pon, Maud Avis, Margaret Armstrong,
Nellie Vallely. Adda Knighten. Prudence
Hageny-. Llla Avis. Bessie Alvirs. Flo
rence Miller. Jessie Andrews, Christina
Olsen, Natalie Jeffords, Louise Bond. Ma
rie Lee. Mary Hanly. Ida Jeffords, Ethel
Bass. Mary Carter, Eli.-e Duffet, Bessie
CronkhJte. Jennie Lamb, Mattie Mavs,
Katherine Wagner. Miss Grav; Messrs.
Roy Tuffts. Paul Lentz. Cleme atose. Earl
Stebber. Norman Dickinson. Artie Stose.
Hasrtborae Stevens, Edward Taylor. Don
ald Coffleld. Jack Wattlington. Archie
Hiimmell and AUibell Hutchinson.
Mr. and Mrs. TV. A. Conror gave fjuit^
a unique entertainment on Monday night
at their home on Fremont avenue. Mex
ico was represented, being carried out in
the decorations and refreshment?. The
color*!— red. white and green— were repre
sented by cacti, marguerites and re<1 ger
aniums. The punchroom. arranged in
roses. margu»r:t*s ar.d oleanders, was In
charge of the Misses Alice Beach McCo
rr.as. Carroll MeComas and Jure Connor.
all dre?sed in Mexican costumes. A
programme had been arranged and car
ried out by Miss Leonard givlne a read
ing of "The White Umbrella In Mexico":
music. Mrs. Connor and Mr. Torrey; reci
tation. "CastJIJian Rcsf-s." Miss Leonard;
solo. "In O!d Madrid." Mrs. Grace Hen
derson Mathewsnn: r**a«?;ng. "Tales Told
in the Patio." Miss Lloyd Galpin: Spanish
songs. XIrs. Towr.secd. The evening wa«
very enjoyably spent. Mrs. Connor was
assisted In receiving by Mrs. Eugene Con
nor of. Kalamazno. Mich.
Los flrigelss
HOTEL VEN'DOME-ArrlvaJs at the
Hotel Vendom*. San Jcwe. during the past
week include: From San Francisco — CJ.
L. Belcher, S. E. Epler. AV. H. King. Mrs.
S. A. Foster, Franklin Banes. Mr. and
Mrs. D. Eachs. C. H. Hunter, Wllliara B.
-Foreman. Mrs. C. W. Pike. John Pike.
Mrs. K. K. Schrleber. G. H. Conought,
Miss Louise Page, J. C. Green and ¦wife,
T. H. Ackerman, Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Foster. E. Smton. Edward Pond. Thomas
R. Henseiwood. Mrs. \V. A. MacRae. H.
S. Brunner and family. Mr. ar.d
Mrs. G. Kline. MSss Reta Lewis.
Miss Sarah Ftlnk!nstcin. Mr. ar.d Mr?.
M. Wiilard. P. L. Butler. Mr. and Mrs.
D. Roth. Pr. J. D. Jt'sll and wife. Dean
Ha.ll. Dr. F. W. S. Kaife. Dr. and Mr?.
Albert Abrams. C O. Pool-. Jam»5 T.
Boyd. M. S. Cahn. Joriah O. Low, James
Cheyney. Frank R. Peier?on. Miss Kate
Mehan. T. I. Bergin. Right Rev. W. F.
Nichols. D.D.: Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Wig
gins, Miss Wiggins. Miss C. E.
Wiggins, J. A. Huysim. T. W.
Brown. J. F. McCarthy. T. McMulIan.
Charles Sutro Jr., C. P. Hall. Mr?. James
Otis. Mrs. E. J. Ackermar.. O. A.
Hoag Jr.. Charles C. Hoag. J.
J. Hoatr, Mrs. Florence Walker. W. F.
Ambrose and wife. J. Tronnson.A. Hirseh
fteld and family. Mr. and Mrs. Edmund
Taosxkv. Mrs. C. Breon. J. A. Ulrich ar.d
wife. H. XV. Spaulding and wife. Ml-**
Calleran, E. E. Steddard. R. J. Kern and
wife. j. u Ettlircer. K. Watson. Miss
Adler. Miss Frena Adler. Mr. and Mrs.
F. S. Mitchell. Mrs. E. L. May. Miss Mav
W. J. Wiiey. F. G. OKane. Miss
F. Grant. R. F. Tilton. Georce
R. Kine. James K. Polk. J. S.
Tyler and wife. A. B. Field. Robert W
Campbell. Philip T. F!?her. Ivan G. Tread
well. L. F. Nolan. J. B. Coryeil and wife
Dr. C. D. McGettismn. Miss Florcrce Cal
lachar,. Miss Mab«>l Hore. Jarces P.
Sweeney. William Alvord. James D. Re
ean and familv. Hutrh Blarkman. W B
Getolt. Ml« H<rm<iin» La«k. E. K. Tav
lor. J. C. Hanna. G. K. Luk«>ns MIfs Si
Jnr.es. Mrs. Ar.nie DeW!tt. Mr. and Mrs!
Marcus >.ew. Horace V. Scn?» w A
Kenney. J. C. Bothln. Miss Bothln j F*
Hmierhton. Mr*. J. F. Houghton: from"
Oakland— R. M. Briar« and wife. H. G.
Miller. A. P. Leach. Mr?. Robert Duncan
and two children. N*. H. Barrv W J
Casey. Mr?. W. J. Casoy; from N>w Tork
T"," 1 "^ 1^ 1 "^ 11^^- M!es a - r - Rogers,
M-.ps Ferda Curdts.
I SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS— The follow
| ir.g guests are registered at Skagss Hot
L Springs, Sonoma County: Vr. i>. r.
s Kagan. Adolph Klep, Miss Katherine Mc
i Gough. A. A. Jones, F. L>. Burgess, W. A.
I BreEun, Professor J. F. Moore, Mrs. An
nie overholser, Mr. and .Sirs. Joseph J: .
! Nounnan Jr., Master Thy .Nounnan, Mrs.
! II. Conn, Selma Cohn. Mtrryn Conn, John
I McNally ana wife, Mabel McNally, Wil
! liam Shuster, Mies Anna Liebter. Mr. and
: Jlr>. Charles Levy. Mrs. H. Mader. Clara
i Maher, Etta Maher. W. R Cohn and Wife,
• Mrs. B. Cohn. Mr. and Mrs. Harry
i Schwartz, 1. Goldman and wife. Mr. and
I Mrs. Raphael and liarry Raphael, ilrs. L.
' C. Coleman, Mrs. Etta Coleman, ,^> r ° n
Coltman, Thomas C. Maher. Martin
. Walsh. Michael Wall. William Leahy. Ed
! ward Stiffens, Mr. and Mrs. Percy \\ in
; ston Rochester. Amy L. Rochester. v_ar
' roll Rochester. Walter Cox. I>. J. McKay.
I C. O. Wiggln. Val R, Bury. Mrs. a. J.
! Mitchell. Miss Gertrude Burns. Miss
i Katherine Burns, Mrs. J. A. Abbott. F. J.
1 Duncan \V Z. Tiffanv, M. E. Baicom.
t Mrs. M. K. Baicom. Chester Skagss,
I Maude M. Rowe. Mrs. Ernest Lowenberg.
Mi*s Fanny Mayblum. Miss Clara Lowen
! burg. E. D- Woodman, wife and child. P.
G. Wilson. Dr. and Mrs. H. G. Richards,
I Jli's Paula Coblentz. Miss Silvia Coblentz.
j <"hristopher H. Wiebold. J. Auerbach. M.
Ikentin? and wife, Harold Iktnting Miss
! F. Charles. Mi^s Evelyn Levlcon. Theo-
I dore Fershtand. H. Abrams, Dr. Steele
' ar.rt wife, Albert E. Pierce, K. J. Pierce.
[ Peter Daly. Abraham Levy. Mrs. L. Bird
sey, Dorothy E. Lewis. J. C. O'Connor. J.
: .7. Dwyer. PVofessor Earnest Loewenberg.
i Eowafd Vogel. H. I. Wager. San Fran-
I Cisco; Mrs. J. H. Brunntrg, R." H. Davis,
1 Mrs. J. P. Patrey and child. Mrs. S. Corn
! field and two daughters. Oakland; Mr. and
! Mrs. W. McAlpine. Dr. J. R. Powell. Miss
Anita Bole. Saul Goldstein Healdsburg:
'¦ Miss Millie Eagle. W. W. Skapjcs, Santa
! Rosa: F. R. Alexander. Los Angeles; Miss
Lottie C. Finch. Natoma; Mrs. L. E.
White. Miss Anna McGovern. Celia Mc-
Laughlin. Mrs. T. M. Nosier. Mrs. A. D.
1 Hawkins, Berkelev; Mrs. Charles Sadler,
, Mi=s Ruth Sadler", Mrs. M. Hildebrandt,
Miss Mamie M. Hildebrandt. R. S. Gee.
wife and daughter. Mis? Florence Magnin,
Alameda; M. B. Sparks. Belvedere; Wil
liam Heml«-e. Lytton Springs: Mrs. T. \\\
Hob?on, San Jose; Mrs. P. E. Reynolds,
Dry Creek; L, O. Walz and wife. G. H.
Prescott. Walz Ranch: J. S. Wernck and
wife. Virginia City. Nov.; Eva S. K.n-->tt.
Columbus. Ohio; A. B. Richardson. Ta
coma.
very striking. The following euests regis
tered here during the past week: Mr. and
Mrs. S. L. Braverman and Miss FJorcnce
Braverman. Miss Nellie Brown, r*el?on
Andrews, Mr. and Mrs. Williams. John F.
I«a Borde, Charles J, Faber. E. Berle. Max
Salomon. Mrs. John Hay. Mr. and Mrs. S.
X. Wood. Mrs. A. L. Peyser and child.
Mr. and Mrs. G. G. Rundle, A. M. Wilson,
Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Cluin. Mr. and Mrs.
E. F. Burns and family. Colonel Herbert
Ohoynski, Mrs. J. T. "McCrosson. M:s3
Grace MoCrosson Miss Anna McCrosson,
Miss B. Crntreras. Mis 1 ? Marguerit? Burns.
I Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Fcrster. Mr. ami Mrs. C.
S. Marshall and child. J. Platshell. M. J.
! Platshell, John G.Hcld, Mr. Sullivan. M:f3
j Sullivan. Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Floyd. Mr.
) and Mrs. James Dickie. R. E. Famum.
1 Miss Carrie Rosenberg. P. Finneman. Ch.
I Vogel. George D. Watriss. Frank Wat
riss. H. M. Wood, Mrs. I. Levy. J. Harris.
M. Roberts, Dr. George TV*. Sichel, Miss
Madeline Sichel, Edwin Berl. San Fran
cisco.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE— The follow
ing guests registered at Independence
! I-ake during the past week: T. K. Urum
j mend and wife, H. Page, Miss E. B. Page,
¦¦ Louis liergstein; P. J. Hall. Charles H.
j Delany, Mrs. T. C. Biselow, Mies McLen
i can, Mrs. I£. S. Markey. Laura B. Markey,
¦ San Krancisco; Richard M. Lyman. Mr.
j and Mrs. P. E. Bowles. P. E. Bowles Jr..
! Master Robert Bowles, Master George
• Bowles, .Miss Amy Bowles. Miss Kate
Bennett, Oakland; Rebecca Fox. Sarah
! Fox, H. Davenport, Berkeley; Julia B-. L.
Scott, Baltimore; George T. Ellis, Santa
(Barbara; D. Haugh, E. i>. Lyman, Reno.
TH£ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJXDAV JULY S, 1900
34
SOCIETY
BARGAINS IN TAILOR-MADE SUITS.
SHIRT WAI5TS, WHITE PIQUE SOITS, OOTIXG SKIRTS
ALL MARKED DOWN.
46-IXCH BLACK ALPACA, extra value for $1. 00. Cfl ft
marked down to. Q [j Q
BLACK SATIN SOLIEL marked down to ...IP A
BLACK GOODS DEPARTMENT.
SKIRTS. SKIRTS.
LADIES' GRAY CHEVIOT SKIRTS, all sizes, ftft Pft
former price $4.00. marked down to will 0 U
LADIES' GRAY SKIRTS, richly appliqued, OQ flft
value for $5.00. marked down to QQ \j [j
LADIES' BLACK CREPON" SKIRTS, extra AQ ir
value for Ss-OO. marked down to : UiJi I U
LADIES' COVERT CLOTH SKIRTS, sold in even- gr ft
house at $1.00, we will sell dbzen this week at uUIi
. W w V."
LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, silk plaid hoods, for- <J J ftfi
mer price S6.so, marked do\\-n to iflT'i J U
LADIES* BLACK CLOTH CAPES, trimmed 0 JB ft ft
with Satin, former price $6.50. marked down to 0 1 lUU
LADIES* CLOTH CAPES, fancv Plaid Hoods. A r ft fl
lonner pnee S7.50. marKed down to $wiUU
LADiES CLOTH CAPES, in Tans. Blues and Blades,
tnmmed with neat clotn .Straps and Satin O^ rf|
Folds, former price $10.00. marked down to. . 0 I B OU
former price $5.00, marked down to CO ET rt
LADIES' BRAIDED CLOTH CAPES, trimmed with fur.
. .OF\..
GREAT CLEARANCE SALE
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED
CLOTH CAPES,
Ladies' «r.e kid sho^a. wcrth C 7->t V.
i a pair: assignee sale of shoes. 773 ilarkec*
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all ether facial blenjlshes *rp resiered by
DU. *n«S MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Doaohoe
fcsH-iins. I1T0 Market stre*t. ccr. Taylor, rccms
tS-tS, vrilh the «4*ciric T»~4le without pain or
war. Pensiaencr ruarasteed; boars 1 to 4 p. m.
What the Wcrld's Greatest Serpentine Dancer.
LOIE FULLER,
Say* aboct the Sfcta Food aad Tissue Builder.
BRAHMAN ' '-'¦¦¦
TOILET CREAM: fii^t^-v
"1 c-rtaL-rlr car. r»c^:n- , SS^*^fe
r?.»r.J j o n r d*2:gh-.}u:
as :h» t-e«t th:^^ Ict i7» »^F^'tft£B
F-"*:*' I h«ve fxer Wl "T
Mtti." Prt-e. :ic. Brah- 52ft -&&±m7
rr.in T^:h Pcirier. He. SS>- *3ttBx*
All d.-Jfrlsti trA ' at , j[Tj|flMS-X»
A. vv. Trarerse, 1C D.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dry Goods Com P an y-
CLOAK MlUlFpPARTMENT!
IMMENSE SALE
High-Grade Tailor Suits,
Evening and Reception Gowns,
Skirts, Jackets and Capes,
AT IMMENSELY REDUCED PRICES!
$75.00 Suits reduced to 845.00
$60.00 Suits reduced to 835.00
$40.00 Suits reduced to 825.00
$25.00 Suits reduced to 815.00
$22.50 Suits reduced to 8 12. OO
Owing to such Great Reductions we will charge $1 for Alterations.
No goods taken back or exchanged during this sale.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary aad Stockton Streets, Saa FmrJM.
urs'iorw square.
«u dKIlN&COi
1 14b lY13rK6t otrGGt.
Paints the Blushes '^T^^^fewlyifS'
of Perfect Health dk '^^i/'/^i^^
by a Magical, yet common sense trans- Nil r &$£* " 1
formation. Anita Creara is neither **' n\^''*47/^r >^J^ V
p3int, powder or bleach, but is a mtih (*C\ -ji^^v-^y w^
cinal prsparation which cures discolor- £^r (/ ~ \sOr J y^^^^ s " _jl&
ations by removing then in the only XL^r^'^ C/)\5fc'> "**
thoroughly satisfactory manner knoveh — c^ \^J
to science. It actually removes the outer, discolored cuticle In snull dusMBc-
parudes and causes a new, transparent skin to appear. The treatnXnt U n-i V'
disngunag or inconvenient. It is a sure cure for Tan, Freckles. Moth and L ivw
Patches, Muddmess and all skin discolorations.
FREE SAMPLE If yoo c*=oet ofct«!a Aast. Cr«aa of yww inarc?st. «eaj 5Cc to « far « r«.n
— — — s:iei jar. Foil p«ti£al*r» «a4 tastr«a««3 »tert«^iA . * ?"
wJU t« multt to any tiiress lor $. 2c stis? * J " wl ' a * Vstni «z;!«
AsrrA Cbeah at Tcarr Co- »7 Fr*akn a St.. L03 .A= re i«s. CL"Well, ultimatums are not the only light
reading In the world!" retorted the Sultan
with kln&ly hauteur.
Thus publicly he affected Indifference,
but In the gloomy cloisters of the Ylldlz
Kiosk his Majesty wept much and was
exceedingly wretched, deeming It likely
that he would now die of ennui.— Detroit
Journal.
Getting Even "With the Sultan.
The embassadors of the powers had
come this morning to announce a sever
ance of diplomatic relations with the
Sublime Porte.
"Our Government will transmit no more
ultimatums!" said the Ambassadors.
"Mary!"
The voice of the mistress was softly
modulated, as Is usual with mistresses
similarly situated.
"I wish to raise your salary."
The clrl clung to the lace curtains for
EUpport.
"Yes, Mary," the lady continued. "I
don't know what we should do without
you. Of course, you have broken dishes
and all of that, Mary, but the police pro
tection we've had since you've been with
us Is something Immense. You are a good
girl. Mary."
It -was a new experience for the domes
tic and she had no course but to leave the
room In silence. —New York News.
A bright, cheery flre burned .In the grate,
a fact which has no direct bearing upon
the points to be related, but which \s
worthy of notice as a concurrent clrcum.
stance.
A Valuable Servant.
The servant girl entered the room with
noticeable hauteur and awaited the pleas
ure of her mistress.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The officers of Aurora Lodge ; of the
Knights and Ladies of Honor will be in
stalled on the 16th inst., those of Bay
Daughters of Liberty. '
California Council No. 1 of the
Daughters of Liberty at its last held
meating Initiated one candidate and re
ceived four applications. The council was
visited by National Deputy Mr. Bo wley,
who paid the council a flattering compli
ment for its work during the past term.
The officers for the council will shortly be
installed for the ensuing term. ",
Degree of Pocahontas.
Pocahontas Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas last week entertained a
large number of friends in the
social hall of the Shiels. building. The
committee on entertainment was Mrs. K.
Norton. Mrs. M. Rivers. Miss Mamie
Phipps. Fred Ansen and H. Muller. The
programme Included a cakewalk by Ada
Conn and John Blenehasser. recitation by
Miss Rosle. Conn and a farce entitled "A
Love of a Bonnet." the characters being
by Miss Phipps. Miss Cohn, Miss Coch
ran, Mrs. Hughes, Miss Donnovan and
Miss Pantaja. -The large attendance not
only enjoyed the programme but a dance
after the numbers had all been presented.
The picnic of Matoka Council was a
very enjoyable affair.
Trio several councils are preparing for
the Great Council to meet in August next.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Great Sachem E. B. Wilson was in this
city last week and will be to-morrow. The
object of his visit was to pay official visi
tations to Tosemite, Seneca and Blazing
Arrow tribes and to call a meeting of the
captains of the tribes that are to com
pete for the great annual trophy, so that
there may be uniformity in the rendition
of the degrees.
Osceola Tribe No. 71 will have a public
raising up of chiefs In their wigwam,
Pythian Castle, to-morrow night, under
the supervision of District Deputy Great
Sachem J. S. Colby, assisted by a num
ber of district deputies of San Francisco.
The general committee representing the
tribes and councils of San Francisco de
cided at their last meeting to hold a grand
hall at Mechanics 1 Pavilion on the even
ing of August S for the entertainment of
the representatives to the next Great Sun
Session of the Great Council.
On the evening of the 3d Inst. J. H. Hu
taff. D. D. G. S., on behalf of Yosemite
Tribe No. 103, presented Emilo Lastreto,
the outgoing sachem, a beautiful badge
emblematic of the order.
Following is the list of sachems who
will preside over the destinies of the
tribes of San Francisco for thevgnsulng
term: Manzanita Tribe No. 4, R. Hor
ber; Miantonomah Tribe No. 9, William
Grcenblatt; Pohonachee Tribe No. 10, T.
A. Brown; Pocahontas Tribe No. 11, Z.
T. Malaby; Sotoyome Tribe No. 12, John
Nelson; Seminole Tribe No. 54, J. Metl
lette; Modoc Tribe No. 57, H. A. Slops;
Winnemucca Tribe No. 61, Alex Dawson;
Osceola Tribe No. 71, Charles Le Baum;
White Eagle Tribe No.. 72, C. W. Ab
bott: Bald Eagle Tribe No. 75, L. H. En
mark; Arapahoe Tribe No. 75, C. M.
Stowe: Montezuma Tribe No. 77, George
H. Cabaniss: Oshonee Tribe No. 7S. W.
C. Greaves: Altahmos Tribe No. 87, V. F.
Northrop; Ahwashte Tribe No. 89, J. H.
Lord; Monadnock Tribe No. 100, W. C.
Rowley; Yosemite Tribo No. 103. J. H.
Jordan: Seneca Tribe No. 104, F. W. Bred
hoff; Blazing Arrow No. 107, George W.
Phelps.
White Eagle, Ahwashte and Monad
nock tribes held a joint public raising up
of chiefs at Mission Opera Hall, Thurs
day evening. The raising up was under
the supervision of A. Hausman, D. D. G.
S. Refreshments were served after the
raising up, followed by a dance.
Knights of Honor.
Yosemite Lodge was visited last week
by the grand dictator, grand reporter and
Deputy George. One candidate was initi
ated, and there ¦were addresses by the
visitors.
The prize offered to the members who
would sell the greatest number of tickets
for the picnic held last month has been
awarded to C Olsen of Keystone Lodge.
The Supreme Lodge has adjourned,- but
it did not make any changes In the mat
ter of assessments. It has changed the
law so that any member of the order
committing suicide within five years after
joining forfeits all beneficiary rights. The
supreme body passed a resolution request
ing the fraternal congress to fix a mini
mum rate of assessment.
Saxon Lodge on last Tuesday initiated
two candidates in the presence of a large
number of members of the lodge.
The various lodges of the order are in
stalling their officers for the current term.
Young Men's Catholic Union.
Leo Assembly No. 4 of the Young Men's
Catholic Union has elected a new set of
officers for the**nsulng term, as noticed
under the head of fraternal elections
in another part of The Call of this date.
The term which is closing has been a
very successful one, forty-eight ellgiblea
having been admitted by initiation during
that time. The assembly had a grand en
tertainment and the picnic that was given
under Its auspices was the most enjoy
able that it ever gave. This assembly is
one of the most active in the order and
the new officers propose to keep It up to
the standard it has already attained.
tive Sor.s, residents of the Mission dis
trict, gave an invitational full dress
party last week in Mission Parlor
Hall on Seventeenth street." The hall was
filled with a swell assemblage of young
people of the district, who, being adepts
in the art of dancing the latest, found en
joyment in the decidedly well balanced
order of dances. The very delightful func
tion was under the direction of the fol
lowing named: Floor manager, A. Ver
rath; assistant iloor manager, W. F.
Waugh; floor committee— G. H. Burgers,
G. A. Thuerkauf, G. Baker; reception
committee — J. Crowley, A. E. Kuper, L.
F. Guedet; committee of arrangements—
J. E. McKeany, H. Rowe, T. Mahoney. .
This society, which has elected the fol
lowing named as its officers for the ensu
ing term, proposes to give social func
tions at stated periods and will do all
that can be done to make them the most
enjoyable affairs In the line of dancing
parties that the Mission has ever known.
The new officers are: George Hlnz, pres
ident; A. Vorrath. first, and T. Mahoney,
second vice president; J. C. Hedlman, re
cording, and J. Crowley, financial secre
tary, and William Lawton, treasurer.
Meade Corps, W. R. C.
There was a very pleasant gathering of
the members of Meade Corps, W. R. C.
in the social hall of the Foresters' build
ing last week, and In addition there
were many friends of the mem
bers present. To please all present there
was given a programme of entertainment
that had for features: Vocal solo. Alma
Sethman; buck and wing dance, Ethel
MacClannlgan; vocal eolo, Mrs. Dot Mor
timer; fancy dance, Martha Davis; vocal
solo, Mrs. Edgar, and cornet solo. Pro
fessor Orr. A well-arranged programme
of dancing followed and It was midnight
before the gathering started for home.
The affair was conducted by a committee
consisting of Annie Page. Annie Woods,
Mrs. J. C Coles. Mrs. Sweet and Sarah
Massey.
The Eschscholtzias.
Tho Eschscholtzias, a fraternal social
organization composed in the main of Na-
Co-operative Brotherhood.
The local temple of the Co-Operatlvo
Brotherhood has changed Its meeting
nights, known as "open meetings," from
Tuesday to Wednesday nights at Scottisn
Hall for the instruction of strangers, who
are always welcome to listen to the
lectures. The temple has received from
the Supreme Temple the new ritual and
floor work and it will soon be introduced.
A State and several local organizers are
to be appointed and after the first of next,
month the n'rst month's dues will be fixed
at $5.
Costumed Colored Lady. Mrs. J. Beau
ford; An Old Maid. Mrs. R. Hewitt; comic
pong and dance. Mrs. B. Goss; vocal solo,
Miss F. Bc-auford; Sarah Gamp and
Friend.^Irs. R. Meadows and Mrs. J. O.
Davis; recitation, Mrs. Annie Price;
Fisherwoman, Mrs. J. G. Davis; dialogue,
Mrs. and MlssL. Cogill and Mrs. R. Lund;
A Candy Pull. Miss E. Meadows: reading.
Mrs. S. Clack; song, Mrs. E. Wassman;
recitations, Mrs. J. Creba and Mrs." Lid
dlcoat; song, Mrs. Langlands; fancy
dance. Miss Ball; "Clerical Discourse,"
Mrs. J. B. Staples: Scotch songs, Mrs.
Kemp; vocal selection. Miss Margaret
Wilde: English song. Mrs. Henwood; reci
tation, Mrs. A. G. Blangy; song In French,
Mrs. Maggie Creba; a discourse, Mrs. O.
Street.
1 City Lodge on the 24th and those of Pa
cific Lodge on the 25th Inst.
Oakland Lodge will install officers on
the 10th Inst.
Yerba Buena Lodge of San Jose has
elected its officers for the ensuing term
and will Install them on the 25th inst.
This lodge has arranged for a number of
socials during the summer months.
Order of Chosen Friends.
America. Council of the Order of Chosen
Friends will install Its officers for the en
suing term on the 10th inst.
Evans Council has decided to hold a
public installation of its officers on the
night of the 2Cth Inst. There will be an*
entertainment after the ceremonies'.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High Chief Ranger Boehm In company
with High Court Treasurer Lunt visited
Court Sutter's Fort In Sacramento last
night.
• To-morrow night the high chief ranger
will visit Court Joaquln at Stockton.
» .
Order of Eastern Star.
At the meeting of Olive Rranch Chap
ter to-morrow night there will be the ad
irip^fon of five candidates, four by initia
tion and ore by card.
»r.t Tuesday Unity Lodge will move
Into its nc-w quarters in the Slavonic Hall
or. A!i-atraz street. West Oakland. There
trfll be a house-warning after the bu=i
r.ers of 'he evening.
Silver Star Chapter of Yal!cj9 will have
work in the Initiatory degree at its next
meeting. Grand I'atron L'arling will take
: at la St.
The Odd Felloes.
The re* officers <jf Cosmopolitan Lodgs
¦w::i be Install'vl on the Jlth cf July in the
presence of n^raficrs of the order only.
Thomas P. Jarvis, the retiring noble
prar><3, who lias served two successive
fnrs, during the closing term initiated
twenty-one 'andidates into the lodge, a
record to which he points with pride.
The lodge at Petaluma will rededi
cate Its ha!l. which ha^s undergone exten
sive alterations and improvements to
bring it up to the requirements of an up
to-date hall. Thi? will take place on the
Stf, ir.Ft. Judge C N. Fox. who laid the
corafr-Fior.c of the original building, will
be prpmr.t to deliver an aidress.
Hermann I>otige commenced the r.ew
term with the initiation of a candidate, on
the night of the 3d inst.
After lh«> installation of the officers of
Yerba Bmna Lodge last week. \V. I. Cro
pett. P. <;.. who for five years has }>eon
the treasurer of the lodge, was called to
the frunt. and there in behalf of the indi
vidual m<-inbers of the lodge presented a
watih fob and diamond-set locket, appro
priately inscribed, as a token of their es
lec:*] of him as an Odd Fellow avA an
officer. This lodge will celebrate its forty
eeveruh anniversary on the evening of
the lith in Odd Fellows" Hall. There will
be a. pleasing entertalnmont and dancing
will commence at 10 o'clock.
The Bebekahs.
The mmbere cf California Ilchek.ih
Ix>dge on the evening of the 30th of June
celebrated the thirtieth anniversary of
the institution of the lodge. The bu?i
nes5 was carried on in the prettily decor
ated lcxjgeroom, and at- the close there
¦was an adjournment to an adjoining hall
In the Odd Fellows' buildine. where there
was served up a fine banquet, under the
suj>*rvlsion of the following named com
mittee cf arrangements: Mrs. M. Keed.
roble grand, and Mesdnmes M. Simon, R.
Goldsmith. M. Homeyer. S. G. Kahn. R.
Marks. S. Shev. F. Jonas and John cor
rison. There were present a. number of
the prominent members of the order —
District I>eputy President Mrs. Cyrus and
rr.any members of Brooklyn Lodge, who
were present aj= special guests. There
was. after The menu was <li?posed of, a
number of congratulatory addresses.
Judge Louderbeck. P. G. M.. and Mrs.
M. A. Hatrley, the only living charter
member, betas among the speakers.
The same night Templar Rebekah
Lodge gave a snotal in its hall. There
wr-s a good programme of dances, which
were enjoyed by those who attended.
At the business meeting r.f Amity Lodcre
on the 3.*th inst., the last held under the
present officers, several strangers were
admitted by initiation. Under the rule of
Mrs. Zeigler, the noble grand, who was
most ably assisted by her corps of very
proticlent officers, the roll of membership
was Increased fifty-six by initiation and
eight by card—^lxty-f^ur in all— the
lafpest cumber a/lmitted during the term
in I he State. This lodge is now one of
the largest in the city. It having more
than 2<>J active members. Its meetings
are always well attended.
Mn>. Mary E. Donoho, secretary cf the
assembly, spent her vacation in \ acaville,
visiting her old-time home.
The Elks.
Last Monday night seventy-five Elks
and ladies attended the play at the Grand
Op» ra-house to welcome Brother Lackaye
home. After the performance there was
an informal reception in the buffet of the
theater, refreshments were served and
th<-re were remarks appropriate to the oc
casion by Brother I^ackaye. Rev. M. S.
Levy ard Brother William Jones.
On tho last day of Jur.e Reno lodge was
Instituted with sever.ty-one charter mem
bers. $35C>0 in its treasury and six applica
tions on lile.
Deputy <}rand Exalted Ruler Gray ha3
beaten the record of any deputy of the
order in the United States in the matter
of organization, lie organized and insti
*ut'->i s:x lodges during the current Elk
year. This deputy is organizing a lodge
in Salinas and one in Sa?ita R^sa. Deputy
Kennedy Is at work organizing lodges in
Riverside. Pasadena and Santa Barbara.
Oakland I»dge turned out sever.ty-five
EikF in the San Jose parade on the
Fourth. They were uniformed In white
coats, purple par.tnlcons and wore old
goM neckties. They fr-el that they will
win the f.rst prize of $123.
Redl&ndi Lodee reports good progress.
At the last h^M mating It initiated three
candidates and received four applications.
Th» Druids.
Fifrr! Grove at Us JaFt held meeting it*
June initiated a candidate, the first in
four years. The result of the last term
seems ;o bare had a stimulating effect
vpr<n this prove as well as upon the other
German groves in this city. .
.Sezapfone Grove, recently organized in
Santa Rosa with twenty-three members,
ha? increased to thirty-two and at the
next meeting will add nine more by in
itiation. This grove has appointed a com
n:;t;re to secure new regaiia and para
phcrna!!a.
Santa Rosa Grove cf Santa Rosa guve
a picnic at that place on the 4th inst. It
¦was attended by nearly all the members
ar.ii their friends ai:d all had a pleasant
time.
Noble Grand Arch IT. Lange was in this
city last Tuesday and Wednesday ar
rarjrir.g a list of deputies who are to as
sist him during the current term In the
conducting of :he affairs cf the order. It
will I* 1 announced next week.
The arrangements are all complete for
the grand picnic to t»e given in San
Iv.renzo Grove to-day. This grove may
be reached by the Haywards electric line.
A number of prizes will be awarded for
th^se who shall win In the games and
races.
The picr.ic of Oo'.den Star Grove at
Fairfax last Sunday was well attended,
th*re being nearly C r 0 present.
K! Pcrado Circle, at its meeting on th«
SOii. inst.. initiated a stranger and re
ceived six applications. The committee on
picnic reported favorable progress.
Native
The officers of Alia Parlor will be pub
licly installed on the evening of Saturday,
the 21st inst. That will be the first pub
lic installation that has been bad ia that
r-ar!cr for years.
Past Grand President Mrs. Belle W.
i'onrad and Maggie Kahey of Sonora, on
their way to Paris. France; stopped one
day at Bait Lake, one at Denver, one at
M. Louis and three at Washington. D. C.
There they met President McKinley and
Secretary Hay, and having letters of in
troduction t«> the former, were in his com
pany for half an hour. They visited th>»
F-j!,::c buildings in the capital, and paid
a visit to Mount Vcrnon. They Bailed from
.Vw York on the steamer L'Aquitaine for
Havre.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
?:-.,Tr!olIa Lodge will to-morrow night
publicly install its officers, and after the
ceremonies there will be an evening of
cntertainment-
The officers of Washington Lodge will
aJso be publicly installed to-morrow
night. The event will take place in the
lor.grroom in the Alcazar building, the
ceremony to be followed by a social hour
cr two.
This order is taking the preliminary
rtrps to make a display in the grand pa
rade on the semi-centennial of the admis
sion of California into the Union.
Forget Me Not Ix>dg<* of the Degree of
Honor will give Its first entertainment
and dance in the Pythian Castle on the
night of next Wednesday.
The National Union.
The local councils of the National Union
are all actively working and all have can
didates to initiate. Pacific has nine.
Golden Gate seven. California five. Yo
fcemlte four and El Dorado several. The
work that has been done this term in the
v.ay of getting new members surpasses
that of several years.
Senator Field left on Saturday to a*
tend the senate, which is to meet "at Alex
ander Bay. Thousand Islands, on the
Ijth inst. Senator Hastings will leave for
that point on the 10th Inst.
The councils at Berkeley and Ban Jose
make favorable reports.
The next entertainment of the National.
Union Social and Literary Club will be
given on the 11th inst.
This entertainment, which will be of the
high class of those which have preceded
it. will have the following numbers: Se
lections. Sichel's Orchestra— a. march,
"The Conquerors" (Greenhaum); b, se
lection. "Mnrhana." (Wallace); soprano
Folo. "The Last Watch." Miss Clara At
kins; specialties. C. O. Da vies; fancy
dancing. Miss Helen Stuart; tenor solo
<f elected) J. F. Veaco; serenade, for
horn and flm«?, with orchestral accom
paniment (Till). H. L. Todd and Louis
Burris; Tlow ?he Reformed Him." an
original sketch by Kenneth McLeod. Miss
Hope Slofiber and Kenneth McLeod as
suming the only two characters, "Mrs.
Afenes and Thomas fJoodfellow." Thomas
K. Kase. c-f Golaen Gate Council will be
chairman of the evening.
Friends of the Forest.
Pioneer Lodge at its meeting last week
had work in the initiatory degree, re
ceiving three candidates into membership.
Several applications were presented. This
lodge will celebrate its anniversary by
giving a banquet on the 10th inst. in the
banquet hal! of the Foresters' building.
The officers of this lodge will be installed
on the night of the 17th inst.
Last week the members of America and
Mizpah lodp^s grave, an entertainment arid
dance In Mission Opera Hall, where there
was a pleasing programme of varied num
bers and then dancing until midnight.
America Lodge at its last held meeting
initiated three candidates, the work being
performed by the visiting supreme offi
cers.
Foresters of America.
Grand Secretary' Cordy and wife have
returned from a two weeks' visit to Port
land, whore they went to Fpend their va
cation. On the night of the 2r.th of June
the grand secretary was the guest of the
six courts of tbat city at a joint meeting
held in O. A. R. Hall. The visitor was en
tertained in royal Forestic style. On the
following night Mr. Cordy and Mrs. Cordy
were received by the circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America of that
place, being members of Aurora Circle of
this city.
The jurisdiction of Oregon has a mem
bership of 1500. *X) having been added dur
ing the first six months of the current
year. .
There are prospects of the Institution of
two new courts in the northern part of
this State In the near future.
Returns received from fifty-four courts
cf this jurisdiction show that there has
been a net gain of nearly 200 during the
last frm.
Arrangements have been made to have
the officers of the visiting board pay
visit? to the subordinate courts. It Is ex
pected that before the cloc«o of the year
all the courts will have been visited.
American Companions. i
Tho officers of Lorely Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America will be
publicly installed in the Alcazar building
on the night of the ISth Inst.
Bay City Circle has abandoned the Idea
of a public Installation. The officers will
be installed before the members on the
night of the 23d inst. This circle at Us
last held meeiing completed its arrange
ments for the social to be given on the
night of the ISth lnst.
Cirand Trustee Mrs. IL Worms has g"one
on a vacation for two weeks.
Inter Nos Circle at its meeting last
Tuesday night added one to its member
ship by initiation. The officers for the
ensuing term will be installed in public
on the 17th inst. in Pythian Castle. The
circle has arranged for an entertainment
to be given in the near future, and it also
decided to hold weekly meetings, com
menging with August.
The officers of Martha Washington Cir
cle will be installed on the 12th inst. in
public. This circle will give It? first party
in Union Square Hall on the night of the
2Sth of August. There will L>e a pro
gramme of entertainment and dancing.
Independent Foresters.
E. A. Mack. D. S. C. R.. has returned
from Humboldt County, where, in com
pany with Field Deputy BIckford. he
added to the numerical strength of the
order. At Ulue Lakes he instituted a
court with sixty-six charter members,
added thirty-six new members to tho
court in Eureka, three to the court
In Fortuna and laid the foundation
for a new court at Ferrcdale.
Last Tuesday night he was present with
Court Yerlia Biiena Of this city anri in
stituted a companion court of ladies, the
first ladies' court of San Francisco. It
starts* with twenty members on the char
ter roll and there are a number of others
who have already signified intention of
"Joining after the court shall be fully
established." During the evening Court
Yerba Buena was visited by High Chief
Ranger George A. McEIfresh. who deliv
ered a Fhort address, and later delivered
an encouraging address to the new com
panion court.
The high chief ranger on last Tuesday
night paid a visit to Court Southern
Heig-hts. entertaining- the membership
with an interesting address on the con
dition of the ordfr in this Jurisdiction.
Court Yerba Buena has elected Chief
Raneer Miller. Financial Secretary Fitz
gerald and Court Physician Beck as its
delegates to the High Court, which Is to
meet In Santa Cruz.
Woodmen of the World/
Golden Gate Camp Xo. 64. Woodmen of
the World, will install its new officers to
morrow night. After the business mee.t
ing and the installation the social com
mittee will claim the attention of mem
bers for an hour or two in the banquet
hall, where an up-to-date supper will be
served. This camp will have initiations
on the nights of the 16th and 30th inst.
Redwood Camp has .arranged for the
installation 6f its officers on the night of
Thursday next.
Women of Woodcraft.
On the evening of Friday, June 23, Cali
fornia and Redwood circles held a meet
ing for the purpo=o of tendering a wel
come to Mrs. Sopha E. King, deputy
grand guardian of tho Women of Wood
craft, which was given in Native Sons'
HalL The lady, who is now a member of
the circle in Sacramento, a delegate
from California to the -Grand Convention
that is to meet in Salt Lake City in Au
gust, was greeted by a large audience
and was ¦well received. She delivered a.n
interesting address on woman's work In
fraternities, and a great portion of her
address was sparkling with wit. During
the evening there was a good programme
of varied numbers and then there was
dancing until midnight.
Redwood Circle at its meeting last Tues
day decided to have an open meeting on
the last Tuesday of each month. The of
ficers of this circle who are to serve for
tho ensuing term will be Installed next
Tuesday night. Mrs. Viola Daniels has
bp^n elected as the delegate from this
circle to the Grand Convention. Mr. and
Mr?. A. G. Blangy of this circle have
gone to Seattle on a two weeks' vacation
and" Mrs. Viola Daniels has gone to Spo
kane to visit relatives.
Choppers' Friendship Club.
The Choppers' Friendship Club No. 1,
under the direction of the committee of
arrangements, composed of A. J. W'eln
ert (chairman). E. R. Engelman, A. T.
Love, J. I. Peterson and w. H. Scheper,
will give Its second Invitational enter
tainment and dance In Native Sons' Hall
on the 13th inst. Invitations are to be ob
tained from any member of the club and
no one will be admitted except the invi-
tation is signed by a member of the club.
The programme will include the following
number!?: Overture, Hyman's Orchestra;
vocal selections. Miss Hazel Sexton; tenor
solo. J. H. Desmond: humorous selections,
W. J. Hynes; overture. Hyman's Orches
tra; "A Box of Monkeys." a farce com
edy, the characters being assumed by
Charles "Weathorby. J. Leo Turley. Miss
A, T. Love. Miss Alice Perrin and Miss
Vera Mayers. Dancing will commence at
10 o'clock. :y,;V. ; -- .'>«."
Britannia Social Club.
The Britannia Social and Progressive
Club, composed of members of Britannia
Lcdpe No. 7. Daughters of St. George,
which meets bi-monthly at houses of
members in turn, with a view to promote
interest In the lodge and sociability
among members, met on the last Thurs
day in June in the house of Mrs. Ruth
Meadows, D.. D. G. W. P.. 1043 Mission
street. The rooms were beautifully dec
orated by the kind hostess who had pre
pared everything with the Idea of making
it an Ideal social meeting, and such it
proved. After a vaudeville programme of
entertainment a ¦ liberal collation was
served and at the close all united in sing
ing "Auld Lang Syne."
The following was the programme:
Overture. sisLao solo, Mrs. H.. 'Williams:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, JULY 8^ 1900.
Latest News of Fraternal Organizations.
35
Big oak trees and hammocks: croquet
grounds; mountain trails and pretty resting
places: good mineral wat*>r; pleasure.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
J. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O..
Lake Co. City offlce. 4!S Pine !>t. Booklet.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County :.¦>
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
Ing. tennis. livery, new walks, etc. Write tar
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County. CaL
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county la
California. Trout fishing— finest la the Stats— •
Shovel Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of game In surrounding mountains—
grouse. qualL deer and bear. EPSON BROS..
Proprietors. Eeswick. Siskiyou County. Cal.
California and Larkln Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
THE WELLEStEY,
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTELS hop^S"
Unequaled soda and magnesia waters. Good
for all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars address O. HOWELL. Hopland.
Mendoclno County. CaL
ST. BELENA SANITARIUM- ,S ftt1 !;
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the. ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
6T. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. CaL
INDEPENDENCE L.MK.E
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine fisbing. excellent table, magnificent for-
est no poison oak. no pests. An ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS, Independence Lake, CaL
W R. McGOVERN. Kelseyvllle. Lak» Co.
CARLSBAD
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: *W a week: lighted by gas.
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings;
comfortable rooms: good table: convenient
location. Addr«a» 7. QUIEN. Glea Ellen. CaI.
ANY one deslrlna: a pleasant summer's rest
In the country at reasonable rates would do
well to write to A, N. PETERS, bo* 457.
Petaluma. Cal. .
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, live
miles from Santa Crus: delightful summer
home In redwoods; running water: abundance
fruit; good table: terms Si SO week. Address
XV. CRANDELL. Santa Crux. CaL
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C H. \V.
BRUNING. Santa Rosa. CaL
THE GEYSERS, ?—
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam- baths, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery. Write- for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. Manager. .
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class.
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANN. Napa Soda Springs P. O. ;
QUIET home: large pleasant rooms: fine view
• from all: chickens, milk, cream, eggs, fruit,
berries: 2 miles from St. Helena. M mile from,
station: no extra charges for occasional
drives: S3 per week. Address A., box 175. St.
Helena.
El MnVTF HHTFI LOS oatos. Cal.—
tLiTluiilC llUlCLi Beautiful grounds,
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Special rate* to
families. Free bus meets every train: S3 ml!ea
from San Francisco. Far* II 65.
WHERE
CAN YOU GO WITH ONLY ttt HOURS
OF STAGING.
AJTD ONX.T SJS.OO FOR THE ROTJNT> TRIP.
THAT "WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
DANCING six nights of the week. GOLF.
Tennis, Bowling. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACRES of Bhady Grove* and M1LE9 of
Shady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In the County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Bprlngs of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIO. Kt Montgomery St.,
or address CRAIO & WARMER. Highland
Springs, Cal.
Vendome
Central California
San Jos« Is the centra] city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is Its most attractive featnr*.
Adjacent to Lick Obserratory, New Almadea
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
tn every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office, !0 Montgomery ft., Saa
Francisco, or address
CEO. P. SNKLU Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
|h6t- springs
•• Plungs and swimming baths for
pleasure. Hot mud. sulphur and
hot sand baths drive away His of bone,
blood and muscle. Rates for hotel.
baths and physicians. $10 to JI1 a week.
Special round-trip rebate tickets.
IHustrated booklet and further lnfor-
I nation of FRANK W. ELY, City
Agent, tel. Red 2336. 640 Market st..8.F.
OTTO t.NBVER.PPOP.PftSOBOBttiJUl
SISSON TAVERN.
TVhere Shasta' • summit, clad In (now.
Smiles down on Nature's broad eipans«.
Far from the chilling summer fogs and fre*
from winds and dust and heat. SISSONE TAV-
ERN, J3C0 feet above the sea level, on th<» ever-
green slope* of Shasta, la th« ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near It the great forests of
pine and cedar and hemlock, around It a. v!d»
expanse of meadows, abovs it the perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For the Idler— rest. For the hunter— the great
game of the mountains. For tho angler— th»
salmon and the trout In the headwaters of th»
Faeramento and the Klamath. ALL AT 813-
8O>TS DOOR. The tavern Is new and, fresh
and clean, with every modern comfort. Ths»
railway brings one almost to the door. Wher»
Nature 1* her grandest, come and learn how
grand her inspirations ar«. Rates. 110 to SI]
p»r week. S2 10 per day. Guides and horses for
mountain climbing. MRS. M. L. SISSOX. Pro-
prietor. Sisson. Cal.
YOU GET
REST SPORT
COMFORT
At Hotel del Coronado
THE COOLEST PLACE IN CALI-
FORMA IN SUMMER.
Last yar the mercury reached
SI <3e«rrees but once, and only for
B. S. BABCOCK. Manaser.
Coronado Beach. Cal
Get Steamer Rat»s and Infor-
mation at No. 4 New Montgomery
Bt., San Franriwo:
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
JV4 Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh S»ason of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always lopen. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique mr-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pain-
phleis. apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
S21 Market st.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
123 South Spring st.. Los Angeles. CaL
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, Cmrl 'fci?L.
Monterey County. CaL — For health, rest.
climate that cannot be equaled; ap-to-dat*
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profaslca
of Cowers: hot soda, sulphur and electrla
baths: swimming tank SCxSO feet. Our masseur*
are ail graduates. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren"* playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall: large hotel and SO cottages, afford-
Ing special accommodations for families; a!]
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
fend streets. San Francisco. » a. m. : First an<*
Broadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful lev«l road J
miles to springs. Rour.d-trlp tickets. 13. at 3.
P. office. C13 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
R«/tf*sx«-a The Sanitarium o'
ByrOn the Coast. The best
u < physicians recom-
fiO t m ;nd it as the only
c> . cure for rheumatism
.SnnnftS and malaria.
Opi "ilH^y Address A. BETTEN3.
Mer. Byron Hot Springs. CaL
Cltv Offlre. R««m W. *< rt^trv street.
FAMOU9
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters ar» noted for their thousands ot
cures of Rheumatism. Oout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renoratsd.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magntflovnt
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish.
Ing. No fogs. Une<rualed for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. SIX to 114 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streetJ. S. F.. t a.
m. and 1:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at G!!rt»y
for springs. For Illustrated pampblets addr«9a>
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's Mineral Springs
At GLEK ELLEN Is the best camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
remedy for lung disease, liver and stomacn
complaints. rheumatUm and catarrh In the
world: it miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing fre«.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 1021H
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. 9. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
Cl/irrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
©IY>WlViO County; only «4 hoar*
from San Francisco and but nin» mile* of
staging; waters noted for medicinal Tirtuw;
best natural bath In State; grand mount «ia
scenery: good trout streams at door; telechona,
telegraph: dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE 7
morning and afternoon stage*: round trip frcua
San Francisco onlr SS 50. T«k« Tlburon Urrr
at 7:20 a. m. or l:t0 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$13 a week. References— Any guest of th» past
fire years; patronsre const^ntlr Increasing.
J. F. Mt^Z3REW. Proprietor.
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA XE-
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia: Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco: IS a
week; open all year: »end for booklet. Address
• ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
Orchard Springs,
The Place for Rest and Health,
I V/OLJTlI I l-» Francisco, rta th« Bi*
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chtnes« Station
on line Sierra R. R. daily. Round trip from
Ean Francisco 132. For farther Information eall
or address WM. J. WHITE. General Agent.
(30 Market ft.. S. F.: telephone Main Sin.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.: fin* nshinr. boating, bathing and.
hunting: In the heart ot the mountains. Th-»
best table in Lake Co. Address O. WElS-
MAN. Midlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS J&3A5&
Sprincs; tiew management; a place of comfort
all seasons; 46 miles from S. F.. rla TSburon
jerry. R. R. station on hotel grounds: exten-
tlve swimming tank: 110 50 and up per we»lc;
round-trip II 10 on Sunday. COOPER A STEW.
ART. Agua Caliente. Cal. Lons-dlstanc* phon#.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL
Ircn and Mapneila Springs. These eelebrated
epringa adjoin Bartlett Springs. FUhlnir: hunt-
in*: home co-iklne: rood beds: S3 50 to $13 week;
cottages tor housekeeping- MRS. H. HOPPIN.
Bartlett Sprinss. Cal.
BeastlftU Itvm Btylea
L*d!e«\
O*at*s and CbQdrta't
KNITilriNGCO.
103 Post St., Near Kearny, S. F.
Bathing
...Suits
CAIpaes and Knittad)
At Prices to
Suit Everybody.
Bweat«r«. Jei — ia, Oolf V««t»,
Jackets. Leg-trlng*. Sport-
ing Goods.
Bend toe Illustrated Cau-
locaea.
AMUSEMENTS.
. » .
Week Commencing TO-DAY (SUNDAY) Mat-
in?c, July 3.
ENTIRELY NEW LIST
OF STAR ATTRACTION SI
SMITH'"
rUL^LER
In a musical novelty act Introducing: instru-
ment! invented by Theo F. Smith.
BARRERE « JULES
DIRECT FROM BERLIN.
The best bar performers ever seen, tn America.
Stella ~MAYHEW
Who sings coon songs in a new way.
CLAYTON MARIE
WHITE and STUART
Assisted by MISS EVA RANDOLPH.
Presenting
"THE WALDORF-METROPOLE EPISODE."
QUAKER CITY~QUARTETTE
In "The Musical Blacksmiths."
Todd-Judge Family
Of Acrobati. The best act of Its kind in the
country.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
SHOWING THE
"BATTLE OF THE UPPER TUGELA."
Third and farewell week of
™4 COHANS
In another Cohan succeas. "MONEY TO
BURN."
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY). JULY t
- Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, 10c; child-
ren. 10c. any part. A few front orchestra rows
reserved. We; front rows of balcony, reserved,
25c.
I COLUMBIA ifib
BEGINNING MfUNinAV
TO-MORROW iTlUil Uf\ Y
Third week of the season.
Elx Xljrhta.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY and 8ATUBDAT.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presenta
Henry Miller
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY
In the charming comedy of manners,
A Marriage of
Convenience
Adapted from the French by Sydney Orundy.
Magnificently staged with effectlvo
rettlngs of the Louis XV period.
JTJLT 16th "THE LIARS."
EXTRAI EXTRAI
nilllTAII TWO COURSES
P|IDTr|lU EXACTLY ALIKE.
duuiuii six
HAI ¦ ¦ r* #t Thursday Matlneei at
HOLMES ggH I
Ltul UHLO direction
b.mw ¦ «*•¦ — «r HENRY MILLER.
ILLUSTRATION'S IN" COLORS and
APPROPRIATE MOTION PICTURES.
MANILA July 19 and 22
JAPAN REVISITED :. July 28 and 29
ROUND ABOUT PARIS Aug. 2 and 5
GRAND CANYON Aug. 9 and II
MOKI LAND Aug. 16 and 19
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS Aug. 23 and 26
Reserved seats. II. 75c and 50c.
On sale July IS.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY • • • JULY 8TH
SWEENEY BENEFIT
FUND STAKE!
OPEN EVENT
96--Champions--96
$1500 PRIZE MONEY $1500
CONCERT BY VON DER MEHDEK'S BAND!
7 TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15 a.m.,
11 a. m.. 12 m. and .1 p. m. : Twenty-flfth and
Valencia streets five minutes later; returning at
4:45 p. m. and after last course. San Mateo
electric cars every six mtnutes.
ADMISSION 25c NO FREE LIST.
OLYMFIA cSXK&i.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
* THE CITY.
FOR LIMITED PERIOD,
Professor Conradi's
LIVING STATUARY
Exact Reproductions of the Works of Art Now
on Exhibition at the
F*ARIS EXPOSITION.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CANNON/THE FAT MAN.
The Celebrated Wilson Family.
WALLACE, TBE_DNTA3UBLE LION.
AQDATIC SPORTS ON THE- LAKE
THIS AFTERNOON.
Order Seats by Phone'. Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
r Open Dally -From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
. ' Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. Be '
Bathing Including Admission, :3c; Children 20c.
AMUSEMENTS.
*TIVOL1*
This Evening at 6.
And TO-MORROW Begin.
THE THIRD AND LAST WEEK
Of the Beautiful and
Melodious Japanese Opera
THE
GEISHA
Don't rViss the Last Cbanccs to Hear
This Charmlrjg Production.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2,
' ON MONDAY, JULY 16th,
We Will Revive on a Gorgeous Scale
the Corrjlc Opera
"WAINO"
JUST REMEMBER THIS FACT!
MONDAY, JULY 30th,
Gala Opening of the
Grand Opera Season!
POPULAR— 25c and 50c— PRICES
Telephone Bush 9.
to-inIght
And every evening during the week.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
SIXTH 1A/IBIBIC OF
DUNNE AND RYLEY'S
ALL-STAR CAST,
Presenting
HOYTS Satire on the Fair Sex In Politics,
A Contented
Woman.
MISS NORMA WHALLEY In the Title Role
PHONE MAIN M2.
Walter Moroseo Manager
BRILLIANT SUCCESS OF THE
NEW FRAWLEY COMPANY
LAST NIGHT OF "CHILDREN OF THE
GHETTO."
Commencing TO-MORROW. EVENING,
THE DANCING GIRL
The Duke of GuUebury. \WILTON LACKAYE.
Reappearance of KEITH WAKEMAN and
MARY. VAN BUREN.
PRICES— 75c. EOc, 25c, ISc.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME "CARMEN."
TO-MORROW. MONDAY NIGHT,
A NOTABLE REVIVAL.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY In a
Splendid Production
CAMILLE !
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
FTeCHFR'c; concert house.
ERMA - WING,' ISABELLE UNDERWOOD
and SlQ. ABRAMOFF In Scene From "RO-
MEO AND JULIET"; NORMAN PHILLIPS,
-D'ESTELLE SISTERS. LITTLE MELVILLE
COAKLEY and EDISON'S PROJECTOSCOPETHE SAN 'Jm AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY &, JDOU.
36
BAA' FIIASCISCO CALU
TTC£TNEFS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets, open
ur.til 12 o f cloric every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
:>00 Hares Btreet: cpen until 9:80 p. m.
C23 McAllister street; open until 8:80 p. m.
C!0 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
3M1 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
'2C1 Mission street, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.til » v. re.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
181 Valencia street; open until J p.* m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tui-ky yt-eetg; open until 8 p. m.
CHURCH SCHVXCES.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Poet «t-.
near Webster— Rev. F. B. Cjerlngton, D.D..
pastor. Hev. Leonard J. Garver will preach
fit 11 a. m and 7:45 p. m. Subject in morn-
ing, "Seekers Alter <>od." In the evening,
' "In His Steps." A discussion of .Mr. Shel-
ccr.'s famous novel. Sunday-school at 9:20
a. m. The public cordially Invited.
FIKST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
2'.a«on hit— Hev. George C. Adairs. D.D.,
lifter will preach at both services. At il
L. m.. theme. "What Is Mao?" At 7:45 p. m.,
"God's Perfect Law and Its Effect." All
ere cordially invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Geary
and Powell ets.— Hev. John Hetnphill. D.D.,
v.a«tor, «rUl preach at II a- tn. and 7:45 p. ra.
i"cplo evening. "The Secret or Self Respect
and What It Does for Us." Christian En-
deavor meetings' at C:30 p. m. Wednesday
evening sen-ice at t o'cloclc. Strangers cor-
<!:»: : y welcomed.
BT PAUL'S Church, California St.. near Flll-
rnore— Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly, rector: Rev.
A C, Wilson, assistant. Holy communion.
7:tt a. ra.; Sunday echool, 8:46 a. m. Morn-
«r.g «errtee.and permon by th« Rev. A. C.
Wilson. 11 o'clock; evening service and ser-
pop. ?:4t o'clock.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
Meek. ICi Sutter et.. bet. Kearny and Orant
suve — Christian 6c!ence Bible lesson at 11
a- m.; subject. "Life." Sunday-school Tor
children at the tier hour. Wednesday even-
leg meeting at I o'clock. Free reading room,
ICS Kearr.y rt., rocra C10. All welcome.
THE Firrt Divine Bclenos Church— M. E. Cra-
mer paster. Discourse at 11 a. in. Subject.
•1 Am the Bread of Lift." Services every
Sunflay at Ilerce College. SSCO Seventeenth Bt.
bet. Mlffion and Valencia.
CHTTRCH of Jnui Christ of Latter Day Saints
— Service* every Punday, 11 a. xn. and 7:45 p.
xn at Pythian Hall. 909 Market «C Elder
Jno. A. Garner will address tb« evening con-
(rregatlon; subject, "Origin and Destiny of
Man." All are welcome.
JSOME of Trutli. U31 Pine sL— Devotional »er-
vlces 11 a. tn. and 7:45 p. m. Mrs. Nellie Kemp
will epeak in the morning, Harriet H. Rix in
the evening. Annie Rlx Mlllta will open a
class, iOth tnrt.. 8 p. m. All are welcome.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
iU.— Grand union mass-meetine of the city
churches to-day at 3 o'clock. Addresses by
Messrs. C. A. Glnm and F. A. Jackson, sec-
retaries Army Derartment, who have Just re-
turned after a two-years' absence in the
Philippines. Eervlce open free to the public,
bcth cien and women.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public meetings
every Sunday evening at t o'cloclc in Theo-
fophic Hail Odd Fellows' building. To-night
None mythology, part 2, by Mrs. Nico Beck-
Meyer. ;
KIRST Mental Science Temple meets Sunday,
July S, 11 a. m.. Golden Gate Hall. Address.
•'L'nderrtand People as They Are." by Mrs.
Cara Fo!tz. *
MEETINGS SCXDAV.
DR J DEPEW KERGAN lectures this even-
ing, S o'clock, at Crystal Hall. Pythian Cas-
tle f"J9 Market St.; subject. "What Is Klec-
ficitj-"" fallowed by radiographlc illustrations
of X-ray work. Those attend may procure
free ticktis to the X-ray exhibition et the
Panitar'.un. corner of Market and Mason sts.,
next Tuesday evening*. Seats free. No col-
lei-tlon. '
A r.EAUTIFULLY illustrated lecture on "Vis-
•¦Jile and Invisible Health Helps and Hin-
drances." with blindfold demonstrations, by
the »<ir!d-!«raoU5 Oriental S<-er at Pythian
Cartl* to-nlpht at b; seats free; illustrated,
t-elect demonstrations at the suj>erb new lec-
ture parlnrs, 1122 Market Ft., for ladies only,
Wednesday. 3 p. m.; men only Wednesday
D '._;i:t at *¦'.
KATIE Iini'SSMANN to-night, S09 Market;
the celebrated inspirational medium; subject,
"National and International Conditions of To-
Tay"; also world challenging messages from
Fpii-it friends: ail welcome; sittings. 1105
Howard Ft. ->.'. -U'r-
A^DrTrIN-ES etlll at 5C3 Market: Mrs. Bee-
lev-Birt. Bolter. Harrison. Mr. Hanson: all
toMs: I. F. T-. ruble S. S. C. 11 free; 2-8 p.
ra_ 10c; aid 5 j>. m. ; anniversary. Sept. 5. free.
Friendship Hall, 235 McAllister: test to-night;
Mrs. Meyer and others; every eve; 10c; ElU'ga.
SKEPTICS ettond Mme. Marquise's test circle
to-nipht. S sharp; 10c. 5 Hyde, nr. McAllister.
GRAND test meeting, 8 p. m.,117 Larkin; prom-
inent mediums; ques. ans.; articles read; 10c.
JCAP.L EBRRHAKDTS ppiritual test meeting
to-nipht. .ZZ'iO Twenty-second, cor. Bartlett.
MRS WINCHESTER. 1£1O Clay: circle to-night
at 8: Tuesday. I p. m. : consultations dally.
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlght. C35 McAllister: 10c: gluing* dally.
MEETINGS THEOSOPHICAL^^
TKEOSOPHICAL Society in America. S19 Mar-
ket St.— Lecture to-n'xht. "The Lieht of
Aela," by H. B. Cahn: L B. L. Tuesday nlffht;
subject, "Suicide." by Alfred Splnks: chil-
dren's Lotus croup. Pun.. 11 a. m.. room 30.
BIEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodgre No. 1. I. O. O. jjtggS&tt.
F.— Initiation MONDAT EVE, (%*jg$&k
July i. Visitors v.-elcorae.
J. H. HANSON. N. Q.
ALTA Lodge No. SOS, I. O. O. F.—
Ir.ltlatlon MONDAT EVENING, .-^gy^py.
P. BEANSTON. Sec <-^/Hv^ a *
TO the officers and members of Terba <J<B>
Buer.a Lodge No. 14, A. O. U. W.: You£r^*g
are hereby notified to attend the fu-Vtjj£$
reral of our late brother, GEORGE «CS-
1>ICKPON. from the undertaking parlors of
C'raijj & Ci-K-hran. 22 Mint ave.. at 2 o'clock
p. m. FCNDAY. Juiy S.
A MEETING of the beard of trustees of the
Laborer*' Protective Association will be held
on Sl'NDAY. July 8, at 2 o'clock p. m., at
HIS Mission Bt. Fine for non-attendance will
be ftrictly enforced. By order of
MICHAEL COX. President.
WM. O'DONNELL. Rec. Fee.
A SPECIAL rr.eetir.* of the Laborers' Protect-
ive Association will be held at 1159 Mission
rt., on FUNDAY, July 8, at 2 o'clock p. m.
All the members are requested to attend, aa
business of importance is to be transacted.
WM. O'DONNELL, Kec. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ins cf the stockholders cf The San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Hallway -Company
will be held at the offlce of the company. No.
K\ Market ft., fan Francisco, Cal.. on
TUESDAY, the 17th day of July, 1900, at the
hour of 11 o'clock forenoon, for the purpose
cf electlr.gr a Hoard of Directors to eerve for
the eneulnp ;esr. and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
lr.g ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
VE want eeveral good men to ee'l calendars
end ctfcer advertising novelties; liberal con-
tracts; references required. Weetern Adver-
tie:ntr Co., 313 liush et.
S EXPERIENCED canvasrers. Apply Monday
xr.omir.B. 8 o'clock. Celluloid Starch Co., 121
California «t.
J2!*0 rAN t>e made during next • momhe by
!•::-'.:::.;" scents handling our white and fancy
ruttxT cellars, cuffs, boeoms, neckties; patent-
ed ruaranteed Roods; Inclose rtainp for spe-
cial plan. M. £ M. Mfe. Co.. Bprlnsfleld, Mass.
6oiJicrron wonted at jalt:nstein- & pla-
TO Printing Company, 3J0 Hayes st.
ASTROLOGY.
MRS. Fadie Prr.n. rclentiflc nstroloeiet. etrlctly
reliable cr. all matters pertaining to life and
b'lsir^r*: hornFror* readings, $1. 1710 Sutter.
ATTtmXEVS AT LAW.
, , . -~ - v.
R_ W. KING. Rttorney at law, S27 Market St.,
room 627; ostatcs, damages, attachment?,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estate.
ADVICG :r*>e; divorce law a rpeclalty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. O Market.cor.Stockton.
Al'VICK fli » i no charce unless successful. W.
¦vV. PAVIDSOX, !C7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
3- S. CLARK. Emir.a 5preckels bid*., 327 Mar-
kr« f».: nonycltatloa free: no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
A'TOyomLKR— Fred WARD & SON.
Aetif. 46 rrrreort ft. ¦
HATll^ CABINETS. ' '
UOI5INSON *5. 4-paneI folding; door opens; firm
and fgfe. W. F. BROWN, gen, agt., *Zt Ellis.
nUARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A LADT would like nne or two young children
to b?«r3; plenty goats' mlllf. 1717 O'Farrell.
BOOKS MiVV AND OLD.
ECHOCL EOOKS •'bousht~cnd " exchanpedT
iidicci Eock Co., :ot Mission Bt. near Third.
BELGIAN HARES.
TERMINAL Rabbitry. end narrow-gauge road.
Hlgb-Et. eta.. W. D. DILL.A, Prop., Alameda —
Eee the most racy buck in Central California.
Viscount Lurgan, fee $10; Yukon Prince, score
S3Vi. $J EO. Prices to sell and to suit all purses.
Young stock. 6 weeks to 2 month*. $150 up;
bred does, well marked $5: bred does, better
marked. $7 50; bred does. Ptill brtter marked.
$10 to $20; trio*, 2 does and buck, $25 to $100.
Open evenincs; visitors welcome.
BELGIAN hares— Fancy stock on sale;., bred
and unbred does from $10 to $100; young pedi-
greed stock on eale at reasonable prices; cor-
respondence solicited. Pajaro Valley Rab-
bltry. P. O. drawer D. Watsonvllle. Cal.
600 HEAD finest pedigreed Belgian hares in
State; acclimated to Central California; does
bred to bucks scoring 05; start right: booklet
and descrtDtlve list free. BRITAIN RAB-
BITRY, Watsonvllle. Cal.
BELGIAN HARES!!
All th« popular strains *t greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
. ASSOCIATION. Alaroeda, Cal.
YUKON, Red Rover and Bonanza Prince
bucks; eervlce $3 CO up. 814 Golden Gate ave.
CHOICE PEDIGREED BELGIAN HARES;
cheap. 1009H Eutter at
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.. 009 Gol-
rien Gate ave.. S.F., E00 rabbits for gale cheap.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— CORNER grocery and bar; building and lot;
must sacrifice. COWING A CO.. 719 Market.
A— RESTAURANT; heart city: money maker;
big bargain; call Monday. COWING & CO.,
719 Market st.
A— SHOE store: good location; a snap this
day. COWING & CO.. 713 Market Et.
A— CAFE restaurant on good street: this Is a
barcaln. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
GRAIN warehouse business embracing engine
and mill (new); no competition; capacity 10U>
tons; profits last year over J17C0; Central Ala-
meda Co.; $3000 buys the entire plant; a rare
bargain. H. H. CRANE, CCS California Bt.
FOR sale — Country hotel and bar at R. R. de-
pot, near this city; completely furnished: all
Al condition; Investigate this. HL II. CRANE,
CCS California Et.
FIRST-CLASS dining and lunch parlor.... $W0
Transfer and delivery business complete.. 730
Book etore clearing $200 a month 2500
Two saloons, both money coiners; bargains.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market tt., room 1, nr. Call.
$S03— SALOON; north of Market St.: best loca-
tion- full valu« In eight; sold only on account
cf old ace. Apply MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777H Market gt.
A— $200; PARTNER "wanted in light established
business; too much for one to look after; must
be satisfied with J1S to $25 a week; trial given;
no experience required. 9 Geary st., room 2.
ENTERPRISING business; better than Nome;
right at home; parlies wanted with capital to
build water-power machinery to operate on
principal rivers; thousands of machines can
be put In ure; now Is the time: farmers need
• ater: machinist or engineer preferred. Box
S13S. Call offlce.
WHEAT! "WHEAT!! WHEAT:'.!
J1C0 invested in wheat by my safe Investment
plan mar make you independent for life; send
for free particulars; successful customer and
financial references. STEPHEN A. CLEMONS.
Broker, S4 Van Buren 6t., Chicago, 111.
SALOON, wholesale district; day business;
commercial lunch; cheap rent; 2 years' lease;
fine- fixtures; complete stock; no better offer
for $15t<0; brewery willing to advance $500.
Box S522, Call office.
EXCELLENT Investment; retiring partner of
well established incorporated company, will
ee!l his V^XO interest: a guaranteed net earn-
ing of 1 per cent per month. Box 3J2S, Call.
WILL guarantee $2(0 per month on investment
of $2500: absolute satisfaction; property first-
class. JOHN E. BENNETT. Atty. at Law,
NE. cor. Sacramento and Montcomery, S. F.
FOR rale— All rights to a new cleaning com-
I pound (liQuid) of treat merit: fortune in It
for right party with little money. MME.
I DESHATES. S1'6 Vnion st.
1 FOR sale— A No. 1 grocery and bar; SW. cor.
Twenty-fourth and York Ets.; no agents. C.
PETERREX.
FOR tale — Evening paper route; 630 subscrib-
ers; 5140 profit; price $2SO0. Box 2533, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
WANTED — Grub stalce; gravel richer than
Alaska; less than $200 required. 1215 Valencia.
FOR sale in San Mateo — Good dairy business.
Further particulars address X. Y. Z., P. O.
SZZ — FINE corner; saloon or grocery: near S. P.
R. R. depot; SW. cor. Zoe and Bryant sts.
$40CO»-HALF Interest In two established grocery
stores; one out of town. B«jx 3519, Call.
WANTED — A confectionary; must be cheap.
Address box. 465. Call office.
FOR sale — Cheap; complete outfit of grocery
and barroom: More to let; cheap rent; lease;
best corner in Mission. Northeast corner of
Dolores and Valley eta.
BARBER shop for Eale; 4 chairs; dnlng good
business; poor health reason for selling. 7C1
Howard Et. *
TO let — Barber ehop; 2 chairs; rent cheap.
C4fi l s Seventh et.
CIGAR ptand for rent cheap. Opposite rail
road depot. Third and Townsend sts.
HOME bakery for sale Immediately on account
• of sickness; $To. Box B. 300 Hayes et.
FOR Sale — Flirt-class restaurant. Address P.
LAMMERS, 1759Vi Mission St.; no agents.
BAKERY, cigars, laundry and notions; present
owner there 6 years. D07 Third st.
A RESTAURANT for sale; also living rooms.
136 Second Et.
FOR eale— A strictly good business;
100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon;
lodging-hoUFe. 34 roome, newly furnished;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
field. Cal.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location;' place is entirely covered: contains 3
F'.alls; rent only $15; v.-ater free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. £14 Call bldg.
LEADING hotel in Monterey; 3.1 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.:
j will rent, sell or exchange. For particulars
j write JOHNSON & CAIili. Monterey. Cal.
CANDY store for pale; good stock and fixtures;
low rent; no agents. K:S Hayes st.
! DON'T miss the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO, 11 Geary; other bargains.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento Ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j imbscrlr'ttons has been established at 10C6 Va-
lencla st.
LODGIXG-HOl'SnS FOR SALE.
£7 HOUSES. $200 to $350; part on time.
16 houses of 14 to 20 rooms, $300 to $1100.
21 houses of 25 to 41 rooms; fine, paying big.
Long list. Call on M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market
tt.. room 1, nr. Call bldg.; tel. BJack 1S03.
TO secure bargains and general satisfaction fn
lodging-houses, effect a quick sale of your
house go to SCHWEINHARD & CO., 917
Market Bt., opp. Mason; Tel. Mint 1191.
21-ROOM house, nicely furnished, near Jones
and Eddy: must sell Monday; $600; cheap at
J1000. C. D. DAVIS, room 69, 916 Market St.
FOR BALE— Cheap; The Astor; elegantly fur-
nished; " rooms; on account of sickness.
Apply 1120 Market Bt.
CAHPET HEATING ANt» CLEANING.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
eend to EPAULDING'S Pioneer. Carpet- Beat-
Ing Works. 353-25" Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-244 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
j. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th «st.; tel. Mission 74. .
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mcr., 3S-40 8th et.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson gt.. tel. South 223; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at 4a
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter «t.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CON'KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, S33 Golden
Gate nve.; telephone East 126.
__^CAMi»AJU3X^ PJi°J[£. BUTTOXB.
MF"Y. of all kinds cf photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail; send for,_catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. ?23 Marker St.. S. F.
CAniUAGES AXp WAGONS.
FOR eale cheap— Buggies, single and double.
1003T6 Eutter tt.
ALL kinds of wacqns, buggies, carts, » harnesi
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
i AN A No. I express wagon, single, also light
j camping wagon for Bale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nesF. work & driving horses. 15th & Vnlenela.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, etc.: absolute
cure K'nTd: pair-leys. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLlB7;TKr.S : ~(>FFicEs7~ ~~
GEORGE XV. KELLY'S A gency— NoTharge~un^
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market si.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, In-
corporated; mency loaned. J14 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; large garden: opposite
• schools. 719 Church St.. bet. 21st and 22d.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms nad.bath. 3335 Twenty-
fifth st.; rent $9. '
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath. 2022 McAllis-
ter st. v
LOCUST ave., 635, off La&una, near Golden
Gate ave— 4-room cottage and basement.
TURK, 1705, near Scott— if; cottage. 4 rooms
¦ and yard. i- •
SPIRITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium, Mrs. Harrison. 858 Mis-
sion et.; readings daily. 25c, 60c and $1; cir-
cles Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday eveninr, 10c.
PROF. GEE. medium; readings, 50c and $1; clr.
every night, 10c 1206 Market, cor. G. G. ave.
MME. HANSON, palmistry; card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 14.
THIS week only— Full sittings 25o. WATSON,
medium, palmlgt. 1531 Market «t., near" 12th.
WYLLIE, the Los Angeles photo medium.,. 330
Ellis, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sundays Included.
MRS KOTTER, spiritual medium: sittings; G.
1. L. 50c; clr. Mo.. Wed., Frl., 10c. 34 Sixth.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium: readings dally; clr.
Tues., Frt., 2, 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. J. J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting 81. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CliARK, the well-known trance me-
dium, permanently located at 205 Turk st..
may be consulted on all affairs of life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send ptamp for circular with
rpeclal terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
*t., near Jone«,
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls: has the crea test Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life rending: ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm. & clair.: sit. 1150. 126 Turk St.
MME. RENNER, S1S% Geary (Saratoga court),
clairvoyant, life and plant reader: ladles; 25c.
MRS. CAMERON, card reader; best advice: 25c
up. S23 Mission St.. nr. Fourth; ring hell.
MISS MELVILLE, ijreat clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. ZEREDA, the gyps«y. is the great palmist
and card reader, 25c. 6 Seventh St.; no sign.
MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmls-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212>4 Sixth et.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; buelneis
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYB1LLE- Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
DENTISTS.
AT the -ELECTRO-DENTAL. CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket 8t., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bid?., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
• without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. <o 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DU. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting. EOc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 225 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $t: crowns. $3; fillings, 23c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1C01 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUSARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 7jc; city visits $1 CO; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR.CREELVS C.P.roange cure and worm pills
hy drupirlPts or at hospital. 510 Golden Gateav.
DUES.SMAKKnS/AXD SEAJISTKESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market Bt., above Sixth.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary et.: dresses
made, $3 up; dresses made over; perfect lit.
MME. REMBERT, 530 Sutter St., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
AOCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
SCHOOL of hypnotism; Prof. Fisher, instruc-
tor; next class begins Tuesday, July 10; hyp-
notism, personal magnetism, magnetlo heal-
ing; instructions complete; 20 lessons. 906
Market st.. parlors 23 and 24.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year cot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market 8t.
AYRES", the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.: life scholarship. $30; Includes short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day & eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, jnech. sur-
vey, a*say. cyanide, arch.; day, err. : est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SCHOOL OF ACTING — Lyceum Theater, 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd. to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. ; founded 1S63; 80-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 133.
'UNION Jajjansse-Chlnese emp. offlce — Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay S6.
ORPIIEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese htlp. 42« Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black C072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. ; tel. John 212L 806V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411'^ O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426. .
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
INTELLIGENT lady, good sense and appear-
ance, desires poeltion, housekeper, matron in-
stitution, instruct children; ex-teacher; neat
sewer; understands dressmaking. Box 2, 300
Hayes st.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or country: willing and
obliging; references If required. 522 Lily ave.,
between Octavla and Laguna sts.
COMPETENT German girl desires position as
nurse to grown children. Address A. A..
Young "Women's Christian Association. 1221
O'Farrell st.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl as nurse
to take care of children; speaks German; ref-
erences if required. 31S Myrtle ave., near
Geary and Franklin sts.
RESPECTABLE Intelligent lady would keep
house for elderly, reflned person; pleasant
home more than wages; no triflers. Box S320,
Call. -
FLANNELS and blankets washed by a private
woman. Apply 5 Boston place, off First st.,
between Folsom and Harrison.
ELDERLY woman, quiet and reflned, wishes
employment not altogether menial; city or
country. Box 3129, Call offlce.
BY a middle-aged . American lady, position as
housekeeper, companion to lady, or to teach
children. Address 3557, Call offlce.
THOROUGHLY competent young woman, with
a child, position as housekeeper; city or
across the bay. 1525H Mission st.
A FIRST-CLASS seamstress: no objections to
chamberwork. Box 3546, Call offlce.
GOOD rapid seamstress would like engage-
ments: $1 per day. Address 1810 Leavenworth.
WANTKD— Misses' and children's sewing. Ad-
ply 2522 Nineteenth st.
CAPABLE woman with child wishes position
aa housekeeper; city or country. 136 Hayes.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; a good
cook. Address box 3S41, Call offlce. >
A WOMAN wants work by the day: good
laundress. Address 1S3 Tehama St.. flat S.
WASHING, Ironing, housecleanlng, housework-
,by the day. LYD1A TODD. 236 Clinton Park.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation in Amer-
ic.in or English family: city refs. 1022 Larkln.
SITUATION in private family; flrst-class New
York cook; town or country; good references;
wages $40. Box 3567. Call.
EXPERT darner and mender. ¦ Box 8565. Call.
WOMAN. wishes plain sewing to do at home.
£21 Mission st.. room 1.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG woman wishes position as second girl
in American family. 650 Willow ave. -__
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
•week; convenient and respectable; free bua
and baggage to and from ferry. :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C Va-
lencla Bt. ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GENERAL all-round mechanic, reliable and
responsible, wants Job; moderate wages. Ad-
dress box 3552. Call office.
WANTED— Position to do lunch counter work
•r clerk in cigar stand: speaks English an<i
Spanish; ca n furnish bonds. Address box
3S53. Call office.
CLERICAL position with Rood house; 16 years'
general experience; capable and willing; good
reference; no objection to out of town. Box
3555. Call. __;
*A NEAT young: man desires position as coach-
man or man about gentleman's place; Is used
to that kind of work; good references. Box
3S42. Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, competent in every
respect; can do some gardening; can furnish
the best of references; German descent. Box
3529. Call offlce.
RELIABLE young ,man wants morning work
of any kind; versed in offlce work; best of
references ; compensation, having experience.
F., box 3o2a, Call offlce.
TAILOR, coatmaker and bushelman from the
East; will work cheap: city or country. Ad-
dress "STEWART," 473 Hayes st.
VALET, English; good traveler; wants place;
first-class hand on clothing. Address box A,
300 Hayes Bt.
EXPERIENCED bellboy desires position; lives
at home. Inquire 3622 Twentieth st.
D. D. S. JAPANESE wants position as assist-
ant or machinist; 6 years' experience. Box
3537. Call offlce.
PAINTER, paperhanger, gralner and tlnter
wants employment; Is a first-class up-to-date
mechanic: best city references: if you need
any work in my line you will save money by
addressing Painter, box 3561, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED packer and marker (married)
desires position In notion, glassware or pic-
ture house; sober and strong; also speaks
German; Al city references. Box 3C6S, Call.
YOUNG attorney, leavinR the profession, will
accept responsible petition; real eHtate or
mercantile preferred; will Invest. Address
box 3564, Call office.
POSITION as cook, either In private family or
Institution where neither lard nor pork In any
form Is used. Address G. E. W., 30S Sutter
St., room 44.
YOUNG married man wants work; has lost use
of left hand; speaks four languages; strong
and willing and needs work. Box 3566, Call.
POSITION wanted by an electrician, gasfitter,
fixture hanger; have a full kit of tools re-
quired. Address box 3562, Call office.
GOOD all-round cook wants a place; city or
country; colored man. Box 3600, Call office.
RELIABLE man, handy with tools. wishes
work In an electric or machine shop or work
of any kind; references. Box 2579. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED grocery salesman, with ref-
erences, wishes situation; city or' country.
Box 3SS0. Call office.
AN experienced wheelwrlprht wishes a situa-
tion. D. BOULET, cor. Broadway and Mont-
gomery. Golden Kagie Hotel.
WANTED— By re'iable man: to work for doc-
tor or business man; take care of horses,
drive and other work. F. F.. box 3572. Call.
TWO first-class painters and paperhangers
•want work in hotels or for property owners
by day or month. Address box S5SJ. Call.
A YOUNG man of reflned appearance wants
situation as coachman and gardener on July
15; reference. Address Box 11. San Mateo, Cal.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C9S Va-
lencia St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca-The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EXCHANGE.
LIVERY, hotel, hardware, chicken ranch, for
lodging-house: lots for ranch; city Income
property for stock ranch; cash and clear ranch
for city propery: clear property for fine piano;
600-aere ranch for city lots; cash for chicken
ranch; clear property for country newspaper;
chicken ranch for road house. F. G. HEAD
& CO., 1032 Market; Phone Howard 1513. ,
TO exchange your property or business go to
headquarters of traders. SCWHEINHARD &
CO., 917 Market, opp. Mason; Phone Mint 1911.
PANHANDLE dist. flats to exchanj;e for Mission
property. Inqulre-733 Laguna St., cor. Birch.
E.VPKUT OPTICIAXS.
GKORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market (near .7th)— Examinations free:
German eye water by mail. 60c; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 257. •
EYES examined free; spectacles properly, ad-
Justed. N. Man»«y<». orullit ontlclan. 810 Mkt.
FLATS TO LKT.
AN elegant upper sunny corner flat of 7 rooms,
bath, for $25: water free. NW. cor. Twenty-
sixth and Castro sts.
A— UPPER flat, 4 nice sunny rooms and bath;
rent $11. 114 San Jose ave., bet. 23d and 24th.
A— 8-ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay-windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
ELEGANT cor/ier flat; NW. Scott and Lloyd
Ets.; new; S rooms and bath.
FOURTEENTH. 738. near Market— A handsome
lower flat of 6 rooms and bathroom, base-
ment and garden.
GROVE, S18 — Flat of 7 sunny rooms and attic;
front and side gardens, electric lighters; also
lower floor of 6 rooms; furnished or unfur-
nished; stable if desired of 4 stalls: carriage
floor, coachman's room, etc.; suitable for phy-
sician : rent J30 and 533. Apply on premises,
or MADISON & BURKE.
GROVE. 14— Few steps from City Hall; ele-
. gant sunny top flat; 6 rooms and bath.
HYDE, 731, near Sutter — New top flat, 6 rooms,
bath, storeroom; sun all day; electricity and
all modern Improvements. Inquire EASTON
& ELDRIDGE, 638 Market st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN* HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LOVELY sunny G-room flat: rent J20. 213>* Elm
ave., near Van Ness and Golden Gate.
MISSION, 1513%. near Eleventh— 2 flats of 6
large sunny rooms: bath and yard; laun-
dry; rent $18 and $22.
MINNA, 727, near Ninth— $7; 3 rooms; large
yard. •
MISSION, 2343—6 rooms and bath; stable if de-
sired.
NEW elegant flats Just completed; No. 1660 to
1680 Washington St., near Polk; 8 rooms and
bath; very sunny; thoroughly modern
throughout. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 11
Montgomery st.
NINETEENTH, 39SO, 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars— Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room flat; sun all day; rent $18; water free.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— 3-roomed flat; bay-win-
dows/
SEVENTH, 46, near Market— Flat, 4 sunny
rooms; closets, etc.; rent reasonable.
SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms and bath: rent
*12 60; 247 Oak st. Apply G. II. UMBSEN &
CO., 14 Montgomery Bt.
SUNNY desirable flats. Oak and Lacuna sts.;
7, 8 and 9 rooms; rent reasonable, MADISON
6 BURKE. - .
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $25. Cor, Broadway and Larkln st.
TO let— 92 Harriet st.. cor. Folsom: 4 sunny
rooms; yard: rent $13: water free; apply in
grocery. J. D. WILKINS. ' ¦
TWO elegant new flats, 5 and 6 rooms, bath;
latest improvements. 1118 Harrison Bt., near
Seventh.
UPPER flat 5 nice sunny rooms; porcelain bath
tubs. 2S30 Pine st.
ICO FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market St.
669 Geary; f., 7 r $3011915 Devisadero.f.. 6r.$lJ
19S2 Eddy; f., 6 r.... 2511512 O'Farrell; f., 4 r. 15
793 Halght; f., 6 r.. 25 417 Jones; f., 6r..... 25
D79 Geary; f., 5 r. 26 6U 72 Webster; f., 6r... 25
$9—3 ROOMS; sunny corner. 6 Zoe st., nr 3d.
$12—5 ROOMS and bath; In good repair. 1718A
Leavenworth st. ' .
$14 — UPPER floor.'5 sunny rooms. 6 Pine place,
off Pine St., between Mason and Taylor.
$21 60— A SUNNY upper flat; 6 rooms and bath.
1732 Baker Et.. near California. ¦ -.
FURXIT1IRE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for J4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
HOUSE for sale of 7 rooms; nicely furnished?
reasonable. ; 1150 Mission St.
; FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., payi
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W.E. CODY (late with J.T. Terry & Oo.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
1IELI» WA1.TED-FEMALE. ¦
l"' J ' -~V-u-v^^ _^
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL, DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, summer resort, $25; waitress.
Institution. $25 and found; 2 waitresses. Con-
gress Springs, $20; 2 waitresses, Capltola, $20;
head waitress, $25, and waitress, $20, same
spring-s; 2 waitresses, city, $20: 2 waitrerses.
Marysville. $20; 2 waitresses, Fresno, $23; 2
waitresses, Vlsalia, $25; waitresses, Vallejo,
San Mateo, Redwood, Ukiah, $25; chamber-
maid. Pacific Grove, $20, free fare; 3 cham-
bermaids to wait, city and country, $20;
woman cook, $30; 3 fancy ironers, $30; cham-
bermaid, $20; waitress. Nevada. $25; Scandi-
navian, German and Italian working house-
koepers, $15 and $20; second girl, Ross Valley,
$25; Invalid's nurse. Alameda. $25: housegirls,
Gilroy. Grass Valley Alameda. Sonoma, Oak-
land. Courtland $15 $25; 5 German cooks,
city, $25; 25 choice places^ housework, city,
$10 to 525; young nursegirl, $10. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. '
WANTED — A large number of Protestant. Ger-
man, Scandianlvan and neat Irish girls for
Monday morning to do cooking, housework,
second work, laundresses; also a number of
waitresses for restaurants, hotels and board-
ing houses; these places for both city and
country at good wages; situations too numer-
ous for us to advertise separately; call and
eee what wo have cot. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 31S Sutter st
ANY lady can make $18 to $25 weekly by rep-
resenting us in her locality; position is pleas-
ant, profitable, and I will gladly send full
particulars; no deception; even your spare
time is valuable. Address MRS. MARY E.
WHEELER. S7 Washington St.. Chicago. 111.
WANTED— 12 ladies' to travel; $7S and expenses;
absolutely no canvassing; permanent position;
references; Inclose self-addressed stamped en-
velope. Colonial Co.. 330 Dearborn. Chicago.
YOUNG BlH to assist in housework in Ala-
meda; small family; wages reasonable. Box
3543. Call offlce.
RELIABLE girl for general houeework: wages
$20; call betweeiWO and 12. 1731 Broadway.
WAITRESS wanted at once. "EUREKA,"
426 Geary st.
LADY copyist; state age, etc. Box 3549. Call
offlce.
NEAT girl for light housework; no cooking;
references; wages $12. 2840 Folsom st.
TYPEWRITER wanted. Remington machine;
no shorthand. Address box 3535. Call office.
COMPETENT girl, good cook; good wages. Call
2123 Jackson St., bet. 9 and 12, Monday.
WANTED — A woman to take charge of branch
offlce: business established and payins well.
Box 3527, Call office.
WANTED— A good business saleswoman; neat
and of good appearance. Box 3526, Call.
GIRL, for light housework. Apply 1477 Valen-
« cia st.
HAIRDRESSER wanted. BROWNE'S, 1117
Flllmore st.. near California.
GIRL to assist; light housework in family; $S
per month. 11 Seventh st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German woman for wash-
Ing by the day; $1 and car fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & 'CO.. 104 Geary st.
RELIABLE German or American woman be- '
tween 30 and 40 for light housework and to
assist In care of Invalid; $12 per month; ref-
erence. S33 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED operators; also learners: con-
stant work on muslin underwear. Apply G.
W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission st, cor. Second.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 3321
Clay st. (
WANTED— Woman to do cooking and house-
work; small flat; $12 month. 742 Fulton gt.
WOMAN wanted for boarding-house: wages $20
per month. Call at 7 a. m., J22 Main St.
SUCCESS! SUCCESS! SUCCESS '.
The McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School succeeds because we have the leading
system, the best course of training and most
competent instructors; millinery course un-
equaled; plenty of new material; visit us and
see what we have to offer; easy payments;
patterns cut to order. MCDOWELL'S, 1019
Market st.
WANTED— 3 experienced lady canners to act
as forewomen: must have experience: refer-
ences required; good salary; all letters will
receive fair and impartla«*consideratlon. Ap-
ply box 3553, Call.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work and highest wages. Apply
Californlan Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan st.,
between Third and Fourth.
\ ¦
WANTED— An experienced capable Protestant
second girl. In email family near the city:
wages $25; must have references. Address
A. E..~Postomce box 33. Ross. Marln County.
WANTED— Lcdy stenographer; must write' good
hand: wag's $20 a month. Address D. A. W.,
box 3563. Call offlce.
RELIABLE nurseglrl for child one year old.
Address L. M., box 3569, Call offlce.
WANTED— Young woman for light housework;
2 children; good home; $12. 1SS0 Mission st.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls, at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.' factory, 32^ Fremont et.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls; Inex-
perienced Instructed. HEYNEMANN & CO.,
410 Mission.
GIRL for housework and cooking, in small
family. E22 Ellis st.
SEWERS, experienced or Inexperienced, for
light work. Ideal Mfg. Co.. 23 Stevenson st-
APPRENT1CES anil operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY. Cor. Gough
and Grove sts. ¦ ¦
WANTED— German woman, good plain cook,
for a lunch house. 7 Hardie place, off Kear-
ny. bet. Sutter and Bush st.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder:
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. II.. box 1S24, Call offlce.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
KclFom Bt.. bet. 13th and 14th.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Rubscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
leucla et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
HELP "WANTED — MALE.
AT~cTr. HANSEN & CO."S 104 Geary st.
1000 men for railroad work; new work In Ne-
vada; tunnel men for Los Angeles County;
teamsters for Bakersfleld; laborers and team-
sters for coast road; laborers for S. P. Co.'s
own work, $2 a day and up
Ship daily Fee $1 Free Fare
Sawmill men, blacksmiths, miners, machine
men. stablemen, farmers, choremen and oth-
ers .'i.
Cooks, bakers, dishwashers, kitchen men,
waiters, porters, laundrymen and others
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Bright and active young man
about 20 for offlce work; must be good at fig-
ures, write a plain hand and live with par-
ents; state age, education, references, salary
and experience if any. Address in own hand-
writing, box 3334, Call of flco.
WANTED— By established, well-rated firm,
scheme or specialty men to sell an exceed-
ingly attractive and salable line: special
terms and unique inducements: high-priced
men Investigate. Box 393, Detroit, Mich. -
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't . prepare for
¦ civil service or census examination without
Eeelng catalogue of information, sent free. Co-
lumbian Correspondence College, Washington,
D. C. -
MAN; good character to- deliver and collect for
old estab. manufacturing house; $900 yearly;
expenses guaranteed: inclose references and
self-addressed stamped envelope. Address
Manufacturer, 3d floor, 32S Dearborn, Chicago.
SAN PEDRO BREAKWATER.
Drillers and rockmen wanted. Apply 222*£ N.
Main st., Los Angeles. California Construc-
tion Co.. Contractors.
WANTED — Young or middle-aged man to care
for one horse and lawn and handy man about
place; suburban town near San Francisco;
wages $10 a month with room and board. Ad-
dress box 3550. Call offlce.
v^V;;'.- ¦ S ' "';'-";
EXPERIENCED cutter on stock clothing. Ap-
ply at Standard Shfrt Factory; cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
WANTED— First-class plasterers; wages $4 per
day of 8 hour3. Apply to J. R. TOBIN, Build-
ers' Exchange, or Bush and Montgomery sts.
WANTED — Young barber, one year's experi-
ence; good, steady Job; fare paid. Central
Hotel barber shop, San Rafael, j
SMART clean boy for offlce. FINK & SCHIND-
LER. 1303 Market st.
GOOD offlce rustler to take my side line and
agent's ¦- outfit: a money maker. Particulars
box 3544. Call offlce.
A BOY- for blacksmith's helper. 836 Devlsa-
. dero st.
WANTED— Boy to run Gordon press; give ref-
erences. Box 3532, Call offlce.
WANTED — Retail salesman who understands
the grocery business. Box 3532, Call offlce.
STRONG boy wanted. Apply HEYNEMANN'
& CO..-410U Mission st:
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READ!.... PHONE MAIN 58148
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want 7 a. m. To-Day
WE SHIP FREE ................
72G3 men for all parts of California. Uah.
Washington. Arizona. Hawaiian Islands. Ore-
gon. Nevada and British Columbia. ..-••; ;••••;;
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
and no other expenses to Los Angeles ana
Santa Barbara districts, we ship you to-day.
9 a. m. and 5:30 p. m. for S. P. R R- labor-
ers and teamsters $2 and Ca» day
COME ONE— COME ALL
FREE TO -••"
Salt Lake City (Utah) division free
Wadsworth (Nev.) division tn*
Sacramento (Cal.) division y.':' tT T,*
Western. Fresno. Madera. Bakersneld di-
visions _ f re «
Coast divisions of California »ree
Truckee division of California, also Duns-
mulr tn*
laborers, teamsters, etc. regular wages paid.
office fee $1 free fare
FREE FARE CALL EARLY
36 drillers and hammermen »••
- 130 laborers. Inside work, free fare M
25 hard-rock miners • $»*
> MURRAY & READY. 6»t-636 Clay »t.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
32 blacksmiths, horseshoers, wagon makers,
carriage makers, wood workers and black-
smiths' helpers. $3. 12 SO. $2 day; $35. $00. $W.
HZ. MO. $30 and found: come, see
5 coopers » brick molders
Harness-maker
5 cabinet makers spool tender
coremaker and 53 other mechanics, ivages
run from $4. J3 50. S3. $2 EO. $2 a day and fd.
MURRAY A READY. 631-S3S Clay St.
A— COME and^ get «our list. ' containing
7236 different Jobs. MURRAY & READY.
A— STABLES. FACTORIES. FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemer.. buggy washers, hostlers, har-
n»Fs cleaners, etc.. city and country. $30, |4O,
$33. J30 and $25 and found; coachman and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city |
, $1 73 day
126 men to pick fruit $26 and found
SPECIAL 'A'W
3S<5 laborer?, teamsters, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, $2 £0, $2 25, $2. $1 75 day; many for
city positions and board home
6 FARMERS AND WIVES
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— FARMS, ORCHARDS DAIRIES, HAY
....PRESSES, VINEYARDS, HAY AND....
.. v HARVEST FIELDS
216 farm hands $35. 130. $26 and found
123 haying hands $1 25 to *l 50 day and fd
38 harvest hands. $1 50 to $2 a day and found
56 dairy hands, milkers, butter and cheese
makers, $40, $35. $30 and found; come. fee....
36 chore men and boys. $30. $26. $25. $20, $15
5 sheep herdVrs.Vfar'e'll SO-.'-.-ili and "found
superintendent for large orchard and vineyard.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
A— TO MINES MINES
GOLD MINES. SILVER MINES, OTHEIt
MINES
E3 miners, single hand, different Jobs $>a
6 machine miners, gold mine »W
32 miners, single hand, excellent Job
„ $60 and found
52 laborers for a large mine. 140 and $43 per
month, including board and lodgings^ if you
give satisfaction will be advanced aa laborers
at $G0 per month with board and lodgings:
special, good, steady Jobs: remember all the
above laborers for all mines need "no experl-
185 laboVeVs.'different'minea,' $50 $4S, $42. $40.
$35 and found, fares from $1 50. COME, SEE..
CROWDS MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY 634-6S6 Clay St.
A— BAKERS.. BUTCHERS. .LAUNDRY HELP
IS bakers, first, second and third hands. $55.
•50 J45, $40, ?35 and found, for all parts of
California; first hand. $50: second hand, $40
and found, same country Job. boss here and
fare paid
3 boys or young men to work in bakeries, $20.
$15 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 9
butchers, shops, wagons, slaughter houses,
etr., $40. $33. $30 and found: COME SEE
15 laundry men washers, markers, starchera,
polishers, ironers. etc.. $35. $40. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL CANPY and OTHER DEPT'S
53 cooks, also 5 third, 5 second hands, broil-
ers, etc.. $C5. $60, $53. SCO. 145, $40, $35. $30. $25
and found; 32 waiters, COME SEE, $35. $30,
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and camps.
$30 and found. YOU'LL SUIT
89 dishwashers, city and country
$30. JC5, $20 and found
9 porters and bell and elevator boys
bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter, saw-
mill company -
man to help In bakery of a mine..!30 and fd
lunch counter man $35 and found
candy-maker, etc. All the above Jobs are for
hotels, mines, restaurants, camps, cafes,
ranches, sawmills, shops, factories, hay
presses resorts, institutions, etc. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 40 CARPENTERS 40 CARPENTERO
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS, TO BUILD A
LARGE FLUME, ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK. USING HATCHET AND
IH1IMER and company will furnish toois.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st. '
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE....
to 33 Sawmills, eto '.
No Experience Wanted
E63 men for 60. different Jobs, from laborer! to
run machines, wages from $20 to $10 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers., bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sivryers, screw turners, gang edgermen. In
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $S0. $75. $50. $120, $60,
$W). »40, $30 and found; 5S4 woodchoppers. tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 30. $2, $1 50, $1 and- 75c cord; shingle
Joiner, shingle packer: 25 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare paid, $40 and found
20 laborers for a sawmill $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. «34 and 636 Clay st.
A— CHOREMAN and wife for ranch, boss here,
$45 to 550 and fd. : stableman. $75: 5 carpenters,
vineyard. $75 and fd. ; boy to ride horseback.
$26 and fd.; foreman for woods; also foreman
for sawmill; also 20 woodsmen, all for Oregon;
carpenters for ranches: blacksmith for a
foundry, $3 a day: 6 ironmolders. $3 60 a day;
blacksmith's helper. $40 and found.
MURRAY ft READY. 634-636 Clay St.
BOY for printing offlce; on« with experlencs
preferred. 109 California St., room 21.
WANTED — Active man to learn Industrial in-
surance; pood money from start. Apply bet.
8-9 or 5-6 REINDERS', r. 17-19, Donohoe btdg.
WANTED — Manager for irrigated ranch who
thoroughly understands raising early melons.
Call or address, room 60, 265 O'Farrell st
WANTED— Geometry teacher. Apply 2524 Bush
8t. to-day after 10 a. m.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 1416 Howard st.
Good Living Restaurant.
BOY wanted: one who has worked at black-
smlthins. 1168 Mission St.
WANTED— Experienced young man for cigar
store; must give reference and state salary
expected. Address box 3521, Call.
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists and electri-
cians—Send 10c for new 40-nage pamphlet,
containing list of questions asked by Exam-
ining Board of Engineers. GEO. A. ZEL-
LER. Bookseller, St. Louis, Mo.
SALESMEN— Automatic copying book; Just
out: sells Itself; needed by every business
man: a bonanza for agents: exclusive terri-
tory. Pershing Mfg. Co.. South Bend. Ind.
MEN with nervous or private diseases should
apply at Y S Med. Institute. 1113 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers wanted. Apply
6 Ninth st. ~^
WANTED— A marker at United States Laun-
dry, Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons -who have lecally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
• flee. 40 Ellis et.. San Francisco. Cal., 530 K
St., Sacramento, Cal.. or 1053 J St., Fresno, Cal.
BARBERS— 3-chalr 15c barber shop at your own
price; make, an offer; must sell; cause, sick-
ness. G. S. P., 195 Autumn St.. San Jose, CaL
BARBERS— $150; two-chair shop doing good
business; cigar stand; laundry offlce; 2 liv-
ing room»; $13 rent; see it. 1405 Devlsadero,
BARBER shop; in country town; furnished or
unfurn.; fair trade. H. BERNARD. 104 7th.
JEWELERS— 328 Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
WANTED— A baker, third hand, on bread- J30
board and lodging. 2S03 Twenty-fourth 'st. "
WANTED— Third-hand cook la small restau-
rant; day watch. Ill Larkln st.
WANTED— J and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th st.. near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
W «h£ T £?^ L ?w >rei S and M mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
M^ and » W , Om , en t0 , learn barber trad «: «n*»
G fol i ya i &. gC t0
A hV.f '^rWV?' 8 . 8hoes - *"8htly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
pensions-geo. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
• years' practice; Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
•hn; fn/S '•c.nJeht: reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
"i^mH^ 0 ",^' corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to Zoe per night; 75c to 12 per week.
C^cfi S vJi I «^ a {l V K rtlsements a ' nd subscriptions
, received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
A «5£ A ,3 f .St H Of 5 ce l or Cal1 advertisements and
lScia Jt established at 10JM5 Va-
A i« V ™?i C>S i n "™ for B «nts-The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $i per year!
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Ete — For Sal*
A CARLOAD of well-brolce draft and "jirivin-
horses Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 pounds: the horses can be seen now at
the Stanlfcrd Stables. 203-310 Golden Gate are.
40 HORSES for sale: also wajons. busies.
carts harnen.. Orand Arcade Horse Market.
_*7 Sixth *t.: aoctlon sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A NEW lot; 15 drlvlns- and work horses from
Ilarsln'* ranch; matched pair pacers. Sales-
"ard 1732 Mkt.. CHASE * MENDEXHALL
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
tastaesi It CANTOS. WTO Market «t.; Caatro
m. cars pa»» the door. ] t
HORSES-Toung. well-broken. J^f ¦" P, ur $°"J" :
cheap; best In city. 711 Howard st.. nr. Third.
AUCTION sale horses every Monday. 11 o'clock.
SWITZEP>'S. Twelfth and Harrison sta.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fln» carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate s.Tg.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca-The WMWy
Call. It paues. sent to any address In tn»
United States or Canada on« year for ii.
po.tar# TH«lrt.
HOUSES TO LKT.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr-
cular. O. H. fMBSEN & CO.. !¦> Montgomery.
BAT-WINDOW house. 4 rooms; 212 Perry St..
near Fourth; rent J10; water free. Apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery sU
CALIFORNIA. 2317— Fine house. » rooms: bath,
conservatory; hot air heatera; perfect;
DOLORES. 641. near Twentieth— Sunny home;
water free; large garden.
GOLDEX GATE ave., 70S— Elerant house. 10
rooms and bath; minny. modern. Apply G.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. U Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 8 rooms, basement and yard: bath;
jn good order. 1206 Golden Gate avenue.
HOUSE of 5 rocms and stable. 2522 Bryant St..
near Twenty- fourth; rent 112.
HOUSE of 4 rooms: r«nt $3: water free. 720
Willow ave. Apply «?8 Eddy St.
KBAHNT 15S7 — IS: house of 5 rooms; Just llk»
living In' the country.
MENLO PARK— To rent. furnUhed cottage: I
months. Address EDGAR C. HUMPHREY.
Call balldlng.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. H per year.
HOUSES TO LKT— KUKXISHBP.
A— NICELY furnished eunny 6-roora flat; mo<f-
ern conveniences; 3 double beds; bath; new
coal and caa stoves: adults only; ref. ; rent
«27 50. a a. m. to 1 p. m.. 707 Larkln. nr. Ellis.
LOST AXD FOU>*D.
LOST-Bundl* of mitt leather. Finder leav*
Information groeffy. Sixteenth st. and Potrero
ave and receive reward; marked Glovers-
vtlle. N. Y. .
LOST— July S. bunch of keys; chain attached:
reward. BURR A SHIELDa, 19 Oough St.
15 RETVARD for information of Scotch eolUe.
lost July 4. P. O. box 2134. San Francisco.
LOST— July S; taa-colored "grip" with nam«
C S MIDDLETON. stamped on side. Suitable
reward paid upon If delivery at IOC* Oreen et.
LOST— On San Bruno road. last Tuesday, larg»
Dane dog; whit© collar; ears cut. Finder re-
turn 318 Broadway and receive reward.
LOST-July 4, lady's diamond ring- A liberal
reward will b»» paid If returned to IIP Pierce.
LOST-On the 4th of July, a brown curly En j-
llsh retriever dog from 2 Jurl ara.. nr \ alen-
da-st. depot. Reward If returned ~.ADAMS.
FOUNP— Larf brown dog. Boi X34Q. Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th»
United States or Canada one year for II.
~ ~~ MEDICAL.
MRS DR. KOHL, removed to 448 Eddy St..
¦with Mrs. Dr. Guyer. the well-known and
reliable ladles' physician; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. J5: a home for patient* befora
and during confinement: consultation free;
hours 9 to S and 7 to 8: Sundays. 10 to 2.
448 Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in 9. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. After all others fall
call on him. 1023H Market sL
DRS. GOODWIN", well-known ladles' specialist,
has returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $3; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice in S. F.; maternity
home; low fees. 10C7H Market »L, near 8th.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
practice; borne in confinement: treatment at
offlce. $3; any ailment; consultation free; con-
ndentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; home in conflnment: safe and reli-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late or Canton. China; dis-
easea of all kinds cured: herbs anr» teas; sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento.cor.Kearny.advlce free.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1_3 Market— Ladle*'
physician; chronic diseases treated; l*t« sci-
entific methods: treatment |3.
DR. WISE (YS). th« ladles' specialist. 1113
Market St.; every case guaranteed; So up.
NICE reliable home for confinement; i— aaon-
abla. 2012 Folsom St. MRS. DR. PFE IFFER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 113 Mason st.
POISON oak cured in ona application or no
pay. 453 Hayes et.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th» Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada on* year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALES.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-OT Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and ofSca furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand: wa always
have si large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. abova
Sixth; write for catalogue.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine (WIllcox *
Glbbs): good order; complete; cheap. 1913
Mission st., near Fifteenth.
A BEAUTIFUL rosewood pearl Inlaid guitar
and case for $15: cost in any music store $27.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant are.
8-LB. steel T rail for sale cheap. BURNSTINB
BROS., C38 Brannan st.
FOR SALE— A Stearns bicycle. 673 Precita
avenue.
PRINTING plant: type, eighth press: good con-
dition: must sell quick for U75. Box 355. Call.
FOR sale— Blue flame oil stove. 4 holes; oil
cloth, carpets; cheap. 1836 OTarreil st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
CHEAP lot best new Rodgers Bros.' silver-
ware, spoons, forks, knives, carving set. su-
gar, butter, creamer. 171 Fifth St.. corner
Market. Oakland. __________——.
A— tt 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. « "3. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
BO.CUO GALLON redwood tank and frame com-
plete. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
ATTENTION deer-hunters— 2 very fine and w»ii-
tralncd fox-hounds for sale cheap. 127 Second.
FOR sale— 1 good 3«-!neh screw cut metal
lathe, cheap, at £3 Mission st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: lata
model: cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg
6HP gasoline marine engine complete: almost
new; cheap. H. S. WHITE. Slt-513-ag) Mission.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced price,
J75: concert records. » 50. Baclgalupt. 333 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes: M-hand. J. Burke. 133 Deal-.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit. J10: dress pants, tt 75. MISFIT
CLOTH1.SQ PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
MAOIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burgiar
proof safe. Zl< California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCKLL .OKUts WAATS.
WANTED— A good buggy. Address Cash, TM
Mission st.
WANTED— An Incubator. Addre— i 2224 How-
ard st.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton »t.
IT you wish full value for your cast-ofr clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tei. Black 412X
MO.XKV TO LOA.N.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Cal".THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 8, 1900.
37
MONEY TO LOAN.
f 1 "* Y amount at « per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
mjree. undivided interest, real estate In pro-
l>ate mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
ay get my terms before doing business else-
where n.'McCOLCiAX. "4 Montgomery, r. I.
• ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
*e<-om1 itioncafw. estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortss^es; life Insurance. Room 18, first
Hoar Chronicle big.. HALLORAN _ OLSEN.
iTlGIiUY respectable private place to obtain
l'.b*ra: s-vane*-* on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rat**. BalQwin Jewelry Store, S4G Market
ft.; WL Main 1C44. Branch IS Third ft.
ON r»al enate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
Um_U rate*. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.'
linpT reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
Msfcest price for old cold, silver, diamonds.
ANT a— i~unt by private party on furniture and
ttar."*: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLt, Conservatory bMg., 150 Powell it.
AT 116 Kearr.jr. room 9. respe<rtable private
p!_f>* to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
ANY «.m. lit or 5n<3 mortgages, estates In pro-
late, chattels etc. R. 6C3, Examiner building.
H MTRPHT. 630 Market »t.. solves all kinds of
financial problems: Id mortgaKee, estates, etc.
TO salaried p»<Tle without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
CASH i'ljn^d to salaried peop',«? on note without
!r.<l< rser. MORHELL. 60S Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
TO Ffc'arlerj men without collateral or indorser.
B. F. Pts-Aunt Ae«"ney, 143 Phelnn buildlnjr.
MUSICAL IJtSTniMFATS.
TSE have only one of the $1*5 bargains left now;
if yr_ -.ant it enm* at once. MAUVAIS'. 76?
Marfcel st.
PA<"KAP.r> rirecnF. for parlor or church us».
are v.-ay ahead of ail others; cases are high
_n<1 !¦ w. prices are all low. MAUVAIS'. 7*3
Market Ft.
DECKER _ ?->n. Packard and R<->othe Bros.'
are our rre at eeiiei— : call and see th» fine
styW and low prices; we have some go<->_
squaif-s at almost your own figure.
MAT" VATS'. TO Market fV
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every trade frtvm Pf'r.way dewn to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ir.ent* are easier than those of Other dealer*,
we »r; the people from whom you vhoul'l
purchase; rt*w Bptis&t pianos, $6 cash. $* per
month: other plan's tS S4 and V> per m^nth.
SHERMAN. CLAT _.- CO.. Stelnway Deal»r*.
cor Keamy and Gutter st*.. San Francisco,
cor. Thirteenth and Hroadway. Oaklanf
ABS">UTKLT the c.l(i»« and largest hcuse
west of C_ie_*O t!« K'OHLKR & CHASES.
C6. .» and J" O*F*rreU ft.; pianos, organs and
• 11 other mUFiral instrument* of a'l (trades
ami prices; terms eary; pries lowest: evry-
thtruj possible drme to please and satisfy the
ourton.er.
}T NICE uprUrht tW
A better one 100
Fischer urr'.B-ht. ro^d condition 165
And so nfher jnM seonn.l-ripnd bargains.
BEN'J. CURTAZ _ BON. 1« o Farrell Ft.
IF ynu -rart s. riam <~>* standard make cheap,
rancir.ir fr^rn ITS -P. tnke a<l\ar.tac» of our
<W:r.g p-Jt sale. FPKNrERP, !<1H M_rk»t St.
EELUKO out reeardleps of cost— Entire stock
of pianos: store to let: fixture* for sale.
JAMES KTEFFF, 1019 Van N*s« ave.
EOH-IKB * CO . Byron Mauiy. Gahler. Hamil-
ton p!ano». Sf* P<*t St.. opp. Union square.
HATt<3AIN— Gooii plsnn cheap: installment 13
r*r month. BCHMITZ. 1* McAlUst-r Ft.
NT<~E urr1g*t, II*. Room JV^oM huiMlmr.
FLAfGHTER sale of pianos this week for
iterate. WI_8OX"8 STORAGE. 17m Market.
FOR PALE— Fine uprijrht piano: In V9» but a I
few ninths. EM Castro St.; no dealers.
LEAVING 12th; must sell fine uprlcht; stand-
ard nnk»; cheap; 1M4 OoMen Oatp ave.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 r*>r cent per m<.nth: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101, « Eddy st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Pacramento St.. apent for j
Francis Bacon and Hallett A- Pavfs pianos.
FTPERIOR violins, zithers, eld and now. H. |
Mt "LLKR, makor, repairer. 2 Latham place. !
ONE Relr.way, 1 «'Mckerir.«r. J!90; ir.f-ta'.ln'.ents ,
n to $10; rwf j: up. HEINE'S". 13* Ellis st
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. J3 payments; ',
for f-nt. *2 up. RRVEN.V. 2 1 "* Pn*t et. I
A WEEK'S newj fcr 5 rents— Th- W~>idr Call. ;
1* rare* 1n rrsrp»r. for malilne. $1 per year. .
— —— — — — — — ~~^ ~~—^— — ~— —— —~— ~~~ }
«>:"J-'1C__ A..\_ »'1X)H_) JO L_T.
AFTER _M t2fh tart. Doc large store to let
TPQ^lte the Ar>ly 15 Grant ave.
fAJ>— ISTU1.
MME. Neerg-ard. Pr»s. Pt. Germain College of j
Palmietry: r^afle 1 to S. £16 Gparj-. nr. J^nes. i
I'AMl 'HA -I-:.
Z'O TO 600 acres green pasture, clover and wild
(traf»»6 mixed. for horses or cattle. For !
fr-ns epply A. B. FVLLKTt. Ant1o<-h. Cal.
PERSOXALS^
A GEEMAX widow would like to meet aji hon-
orable, intelligent gentleman, age about 53;
ofoiwt mairimony; no fortune hunters n<*ed
•pply: please rive full particulars. Address
ho_ C543, Call.
A GENTLEMAN of mean* desires to form the
aequaintar.ceof an honorable lady; object mat-
rimony. Box £&*, Call.
HONORABLE widower. £0, wants lady corres-
pondents; object matrimony. IJox i'V. . CaJl.
I,EDERF.ft is the hairdresser that Elves you the
very lateFt hair styles for Zlc; Foamo Kham-
poo 6c pkz- 1— Ftockton et.
FREE — Success in life can only be obtained
through influence; will ser.4 absolutely free a
100-page bo<;_ which explains all the secrets
of hpynctisrn, pcraooa] magnetism and maff-
n>*1c he- line: tells you how to cure diseases
ar.d bad habits, enable* rou to win ar.d hold
the love and respect of others; anybody can
learn in a few days; we guarantee suce***:
write to-ilay. Address NEW- YORK INSTI-
TUTE OF BCIENCE. Dept. 617L. Roches-
ter, x. y.
rP>IVAT_— A hcise in confinement; removed
from the burtle and _ln of a large city; pri- j
vacy which cannot be obtained at hospitals
or «ar.!iari_ms: physicians having: patients I
<l**!rlnr to administer medlf-al «ervicef, them-*
s»ives '-an do eo; country patients solicited.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 Eighth *t.. Alameda.
ALL who have tried the many no-called
for any scalp or hair fllsease; gray restored;
hair erewn on bald heads; send stamp for
fr«?b proof. MRB. E. R. DUNLAP, ( Eddy st..
Bar Francisco, parlors 73 and 74.
tEDEKER bp'.Ib fine Switches for onlr II; make !
them of your own hair at a small price.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 60 per cent by
having your wcrk dene at Rembrandt Studio,
K0 Market «t., cor. Stockton; kodaks, S^-ZV.!
ocly 25c; no charge lor blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free; lessons given. Me. each. •
IlKLJABLE American woman desires to know I
an honorable elderly man who would furnish (
a Hat or rooming- hou»e and take board; home i
comforts. Box 3CJ4, Call office.
ItAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also I
chenille-wove rutrs. ellk portieres; dealer In '
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest ¦
rrnte.. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland, j
LEDERER'8 Qulntonlca hair tonic cleanses. !
elves a fine gloss; nothing like It; 25c bot.
»: BO ME.V'8 shoe* for Jl £0 a pair at the Bee j
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market «t.. near Third.
ELECTRIC llrht* in every room— Winchester i
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms; |
2Sc to II 50 per night; 11 £0 to *« per week;
fr»* '_u» «nd baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments; $1S upward;
II a week. LEON* LEMOS 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
EeDERKR'S Quintonlca keeps the hair In fine
OOBdltion, 35c bot.; Le_erer'« Foamo Sham-
poo can't be- beat, Sc pkg. 123 Stockton st.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted healer. J4
Keamy «t.. room ,11. cures nervousness, ln-
•olninia. Bright'* disease, rupture.
AHLBORN House. 319 to 223 Grant ave.— Lead-
!r.* German-American hotel of San Francisco:
tl per day and up: flnest meal* in city. 25c
MIPS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
HO Market St., second floor, room 37. -¦¦''
LEDEREIl. tfce popular hair dresser, give,
you the very latest hair styles for only 25c
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold, gllverman, 9M Folsom, tef. Folsom 113L
LEDERER sell? the very bert switches at tht
very smallest price, from tl up.
BtTITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., Examiner building, rtx.ra 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna reitores gray
hair to Us natural color. 11; at all druggists.
CABT-OFTF clothing. old gold and *f!ver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 60« Kearny su
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2608 Pacific ave..
brtwu-n Pierce and Scott: phone Stelner 23*1. I
PHOTOGR.iriUC Sl'PPLIES.
I V.'p; lean kodaks free; t,hotn fupplle*. Mackm
*tu/!l/». tl G*«rr »t.. e-munii «n<1 ton floor*
~ PHVSICIAAS AXb1irCEO\S.
DR. C C. O'DONXELI^Office and mldence.
1CIJ_ Market et, bet. Sixth and Seventh. ..
REAL -.STATE — CITY — FOR 8 ALE.
cM ig£i_s_7A__^
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
SS7J0— Rents V^ P" annum; splendid Invest-
ment; on Sutter St.; 2-story, attic and
banement residence of 12 rooms; bath;
laundr'" *Z\ I«r_e lot. 34:4^x137:6:
only $f7.V> cash required; balance can re-
$4960— Rents $£'•' !*¦'" annum; New Park- flats;
: iS?SeJt and attic EasUake
residence; lot .5x93:6.
$40OO-Rents J5« per annum; * stores and
flaf nearly new modern building, zood
location In the Mission. ____,,„
J10 OW— Rents $»*o per annum: price greatly re-
duced- C elegant 3-ptory modern houses:
could be converted into six flats at small
outlay: BtfxUS; 16000 at 6 percent can
J6000-Rents n ViT» per annum: 2 nice modern
flat* of C and 5 nmms and bath eac_:
Oak St.. short distance from Market;
Jaoo-Renfs *516 per annum: 2 flats and cot-
t«_e- brick foundation: bath; both
Greets accepted: MM0 can remain at 6
£7c-7H- Fulton Ft.: well located; 27:6
xl20; 2 frontages; this Is a bargain; must
taw-Rents $540 per annum: Natoma St.: 6
PT^SSSUSi ler innum? price sreatly r«-
duced:. corner; on Harrison St.; 2 stores
Bl»-Renuft3*e per annum: to dose an estate;
lot- Western Addition. •
rvOO-Corner l»_T»; ohnrt distance from Mis-
Fion ft. cars: 2-story house of < rooms
and bath; brirk foundation, etc.; sani-
tary plumbing: fruit trees. *,„„,.
$!M0— Rents $240 per annum; Zoe St.. Z houses
and lot. _
New Pocket Map of Fan Francisco County. 25c.
1 Choice list of b-tlding lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call «nd obtain of our "Real Estate
Records.-' srhlch contain? a list of properties
for sale In al! of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN,
14 Montgomery st.
MADISON ft RfRKE, Real Estate Agents,
626 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1S5S.
Post, near Jones; great future; lot M:SH37:6;
sold to clore an estate.
jI7 ono— Fulton *t., between Polk st. and Van
Ness ave.; lot r.o_120 to AFh ave.
$6300— Carr ft-. «» ar Twenty-third: rents $65;
flats all rented; 27:6xi;2.«.
$6000- Laundry: »"" 11 leased; Lombard St..
near FiUmcre; 6S:9xl^_
Elersnt residence .1ui"t finished: Masonic ave..
n*ar Frederick St.; grand view of both ocean
_"<i bay- S rooms, bath, attic, etc.; electric
wires, gas grates and sun In every room; price
only $6000.
California St.. adjoining corner Polk; lot 60x
S7:6: must be sold to close estate.
jj£x>_CoUage. nearly new; near Paciflo and
Hyde; must sell. t
IgOno—M-rAIIlster st., near Laguna: rents $37;
lot CS-Cxl-C 1 to Locust ave.
jsmyv— Harrison et.. rear 10th; flats; rents $50;
only partially improved; 75x100.
jy>00— Bsker rt.. near Sacramento; 8 rooms
sr.d bath; in perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$;.-00_»;orth side Shipley St., near 4th; 20x80;
rent $20; cheap.
K2*0— Bryant St.. near Seventh; two cottages;
rents $20; 'lot 20xSP.
$425.0— Octavla st., near Ha!g_t; an elegant
let for modern flats; ST:€xlOO.
j35,iO_Grernwich st.. between Stockton and
Powell; fi-ood house and lot 25:9x100.
$15f<l— Day St.. near Church; cottage of 6
rooms; lot" TSxU4.
MADISON & BURKE,
6!6 Market st.. cpp. Palace Hotel.
LYON & HOAG,
REAL EPTATK INSURANCE.
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
> DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$:<5,5<VV— rays 7 per cent net: fine .four-story
building, within two blocks of Taylor
an'l Turk t-tr.: c^od tenants; best Inter-
est-raying property In this section of
the city.
GOOD INVESTMENT. NEAR MARKET AND
PAGE STREETS,
$6.7SQ— Rent $:.S: two pood buildlnRS. in excel-
lent repair; lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
this Is a bargain.
$3,230 only— A northeast corner; good bay-win-
dow hnupe of 7 rooms and bath; sun al!
day: Buchanan Ft., near Oak.
STOCKTON-STKEET INVESTMENT.
$10,600— Rent $1COO per year; substantial brick
building. le.i?*d to one tenant, who
ir.akes all repairs, rays water, etc.
ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS. HANDSOME
FLATS SACRIFICED.
$10.750— Choice location in Western Addition;
close to town: three swell flats, new
marble steps; open plumbing; expensive
rr.ant»>l«; paying over 10 per cent.
$12,600— Business corner, splendidly improved,
with three-story buiMlnp; store and flats
above; rent $!«•; always rented; small
expenses; on Howard Ft., close to. town.
LYON & HOAG.
REAL E5TATK INSURANCE.
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON.
323 Montjomery Et.
$6,500— NW. cor. Hyde and Filbert fits.; 60x137;
fine site for building; Hyde or Union.
st. cars.
$2.G0O— SE. cor. Larkin ar.d Filbert; 41x62; fine
site for home or flat?.
$5.500— Lot S\V. cor. Grove and Devisadero;
34x110: on main drive to Park.
$3,2r/»— I»t W. line I>evlsadero, S of Grove;
SSxllf'; adjoining- above lot.
$-.7fO — Lot S. line Grove. W. of Devisadero;
27x112.
$3,000— Ixjt cor. Vermont and Solano; lOOx
110; near electric rars; a bargain.
$12,S00— Double house; corner facing Park; mod-
ern !* and 10 rooms; all look south; fine
for Investment or home.
$1S,000— Busines? property; Flllmore. near Call-
furnla; rents tlil'J per annum; ne\'er va-
cant.
HAWKS A EKELTOK. 323 Montgomery st.
AT a great bargain on easy terms, new 3-room
and bath cottage on Hoffman ave., near Eli-
zabeth, Heyman Tract; call to-morrow for
inspection : open all day. JACOB HEYMAN.
Owner and Builder, 117 Sutter st.
PAR.K lots for sale on reasonable terms; near
ocean beach (Carvllle). JACOB HEYMAN,
117 Sutter st.
FOR RENT OR FOR PALE VERY CHEAP—
New. fine summer home; Alvin Tract, Elm-
hurst railroad station. Inquire JACOB HEY-
MAN, 117 Sutter st.
$MG— HOUSE and bam with lot 6Sx90: Teach-
ers' State University Homestead. Berkeley.
Inquire JACOB HEYMAN. 317 Sutter st.
$400— LOT 23x70; opposite terminus of Valencia
tt. ; home built on If desired. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 117 Sutter st.
HOMES built and contracts taken in all parts
of the city. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter St..
Builder of Homes.
JOHXtFFORR, 403 PINK ST., "~ "
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
$12.000-A large hotel property with an entire
block of land. Ftab!ps, etc.
Only $1000 cash and $3000 mortsage for & fine
house and lot on the Panhandle Park, near
Central a\-e.
$19.00— Hayes St., near Laguna; 2-story house,
2 stores ar.d 2 flats; lot 4 f| xl20 to rear street,
with bouse on that street.
i'ZCXi — Jackson St.. near Buchanan; lot £0:6x
128: Improved.
$20,000— Rent $l?20 per annum; a fine property;
en O'Farrell Ft., Inside of Larkin.
$2400— Kent $360 per annum; nothing to beat it
a* a business property.
JtOC<i — Rent I7S0 per annum; 4 fine flats on Fill-
more St.; lot MxSO.
S'>700 — Rent $540 per annum; a nice business
property: on Geary St.; store and flats.
$.>'<|Q each— Four splendid lots, 25x90 each, on
Thirteenth {formerly Ridley) st.. just west of
\ —lencia.
$1500 each— Five lots. 25x70 each, on Clinton
Park, weet of Valencia H.
SACRIFICE! 1 . To close an estate: for sale.
house and lot; Rood neiRhborhood : must be
sold; situate on Larkin st.. near Filbert; sac-
rifice price $EW). For further particulars ap-
ply room C03. Examiner building.
OPEN to-day— New 4. 5 and 6 rooms and bath
cottages. California ave.. neap Twenty-sixth
and Bryant Fts. ; small cash payment, balance
ll k ~_?£U i a^- Fol8oni or Bryant st. cars.
McEWEN BROS., us Montgomery it.
$1COO— WALLER-ST. bulldinglot, 23x100 ft., nr.
the Paj-k; this Is a bargain. G. H UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st.
MODERN cottage of 5 rooms and bath. See
owner at 141 Twenty-seventh st.
C. C BEMIS. Real Katate and General __n_
Agent. 324 Montgomery »t.
Mafce offer—Northeast corner Twenty-serenth
and Douglass sts.: must be sold; 80x114 feet.
11800— North tine Carl ¦„. near Stanyan: S8x
I37:« feet. -
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. 680 Market; 2d mortgages; estate..
$t»0fr— MODERN 9-room hone? in choice location
on Waller sj., near Pierce, i block from
Halffht-ct. cars: finished with marble stejjs
fre-coed ceilings, t wood mantels, hard-fin-
ished basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash,
balance t50 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
FOR sale— Northeast corner Waller and Shrader
sti. ; Improved four stores and two flats; brings
10 per cent on investment. Owner. 6?4 Shrader.
BARGAIN!! *700; lot on South California, near
1 Third ave.; 25x100 feet; this Sot must be sold:
title Insured by policy from California Title
Insurance , Co. Apply room 603, Examiner
building. ¦
11EAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR . SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
633 Market Street.
SPECULATORS. ATTENTION.
A FEW LOW-PRICED PROPERTIES WHICH
f MUST BE SOLD.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
S1.300— Reduced from $1750; worth $2000;
Pretty cottage of 4 rooms and bath and
basement; lot 25x120 feet; rents $12 per
month; Eighth ave., near Clement.
MISSION COTTAGE.
?l.«0- WORTH ....$2000
Make offer; pretty cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; on Twenty-seventh, near Church
street: lot 25x105 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET COTTAGE.
J1.800— WORTH $2500
House 7 rooms; one- hair block from New
Postofflce; lot 25x75 feet.
POINT LOBOS AVE. FLAT AND STORE.
* 2 - 5 °O- WORTH $3500
Make offer; ctore and flat of S rooms and
bath: all modern improvements; rent $23
per month; near Second ave.
WESTERN ADDITION LOTS.
J2.9OO- WORTH J4000
Near Scott and Waller sts.; 2 elegant
.modern flats of 5 rooms and bath, porce-
lain tubs, tiled mantels, etc.; pays 12 per
cent.
LARKIN-STREET FLATS.
$6,250— WORTH ' $SCOO
Rents $70 per month; 3 nice modern flats
near Pine st.
VERY CHEAP LOTS.
S2.4r>0— Make offer: Page, nr. Cole; 25x137:6 ft.
$1. COO— Lyon St.. nr. Post; 25x100 feet.
$1,000— Tremont Ft., near Frederick; 8 lots, 23x80
ieach, on installments; fine view of ocean.
$900— Bryant st. ; street bltuminlzed; electric
csirs pars. 1
•$850 and upward; fine level lots on Hyde st. ;
cars; fine marine view; on installments.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO..
«33 Market st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
N 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$15,000— NW. corner; Turk st., near Larkin;
137:6x137:6; rents *_95; partially Improved.
$00,000— Warehouse in vicinity of Fourth and
Townsond sts.; 99x2^ feet; two frontages.
Broadway, near Franklin st.— 77x137:6; modern
house of 18 rooms.
$2S.OOO— Market St., near Valencia; 38:11^x124;
Irregular to Stevenson st. ; frame Improvements.
$13. 000— Corner Green and Powell sts.; 70x70;
3-story bulldlnsr; rents $132.
$12,500— Union St.. near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house; 25:9x128:9; rents $97.
$S000— Ellis st.. near Octavla; 25x120; house of
8 rooms and bath.
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x
100; house of 12 rooms.
$7000— Sacramento st., near Hyde; 85x120;
houee of 9 rooms and bath: rent $35.
$5500— Grove st., near Central ave. ; 25x137:6;
new 3-story bay-window flats; rents $50.
Naloma st., near Tenth— 60x75; three houses;
rents $60; must be sold.
$6000— Vallejo St.. near Mason; 48:154x137:6,
with an L; 2 fiats and rear house; rents $64.
$6<>00— Folsom Bt., near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats;
rents $46.
$:,6<Yl— Green St., near Dupont; 26:6x80; S bay-
window flats; rents $55.
$42JO— Webster St., near Filbert; 25x100; 6- room
cottage.
$3750— Ellis St., near Pierce; 30x75; cottage;
stable.
Twenty-third St.. near Dolores— 25xSl:6; two-
story house; 6 roorr.s and bath; $500 do.wn, bal-
ance same as rent; Interest 6 per cent; must
be sold to close an estate; offer wanted.
$2300— Central ave., near Hayes 8t. ; store and
4 rooms and bath: 25x100.
UNIMPROVED.
137:6x137:6— Corner Hayes and Lyon sts.
jgooo— Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth; 68x95.
$6<XO — Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts. ;
85x100; will subdivide.
$35<K> — Fulton, near . Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
$2000 — Laguna St., near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each— Post St., near Devisadero; 2 lots.
80x90— W. line of Mission. S. of Army; 3 lots.
$2250 — McAllister st., near Lyon; 2.*>xlut>.
$1750 — Corner Castro and Alvarado; 26:6x105.
$l;.0O— Sutter St., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
$ir.oo— Union st., near Pierce; 25:2x100.
! 260x125— NW. cor. Fountain and 25th sts.
MANUFACTURING Investment property;
i $21,000; Howard at., near First; 60x165 to rear
I street.
! Choice Presidio Heights lots, with marine
¦ views; lot 75x127:8; north line of Washington
I St., west of Spruce.
1 $100 per foot— Lots, any size, on Pacific ave.;
! facing the bay, with unobstructed marine view;
i several lots sold recently upon which fine resl-
i dences are to be Immediately erected.
j $100 per front foot— North side of Jackson st.,
! near Spruce; magnificent view of bay and
j Marln County shore; choice lots; any size.
i O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery it.
! CHOICE MISSION STREET PROPERTY
AT A BARGAIN.
j $5000— Cheap at $7500; Mission St.. near Twen-
' ty-third; very superior 3-story bay-window
' house with store below and 10 rooms and
I bath above; very finely finished; rents $50 per
month.
O. D. BALDWIN _ SON. 22 Montgomery st.
$12 5'W— RERRT place, rear of Sutter St.. be-
tween Keamy st. and Grant ave.; 40x60, with
old improvements; heart of the business cen-
ter. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgom-
ery St.
A. M. 0PECK & CO..
; 667 Market at u opposite Kearny.
> Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$55,000— Best corner on Van Ness ave.; lot 60x109
feet; improved.
$45,000— Larkin st ; business property; down-
town; C2:6 ft. frontage; rents $270.
$42,000— Corner; rents $4500; modern improve-
ments; lot 80x137:6; pays 10 per cent net.
$30,000— Slxth-st. comer; modern building; 40
feet frontage; rents $225; stores and lodg-
ing-house; bank will loan $20,000.
$22,000— Sixth St.; 75 feet frontage; rents $200; 4
stores and 50 rooms.
$12 E00— Mission St., nr. Sixth: worth $17,000;
store and lodging-house; rents nearly
$1100 annually.
jll 000— Market-st. corner: modern building;
store and flat; former price $15,600.
I $!> 750— Ninth st, nr. Mission; Improved.
' $7'.C50— 6 flats; rents $560 a year; lot 50x75.
i is 500 Powell st.: store and flats; rents $52.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE CO..
207 Montgomery st.
BARGAINS FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
«00— Foreclosure sale; 25x114; cost $1800; south
side Twenty-first st., between Noe and
Castro: grand view; sewered and graded
and ready to build on.
$1250—50x114; 22d st., nr. Dolores; near car line;
severed and graded; ready for building.
$2000— Partition sale; 200x150; three frontages;
two corners: Folsom st., nr. Army; close
i to electric cars; ready for bulldln*. ,
I $2500—50x112:6 to rear street; Harrison st., nr.
24th; will subdivide; fine location for coal
yard or livery stable: level and graded.
J2000— To close an estate: SE. cor. Sanchez and
' Hancock sts.: 110x100; sewered and
graded; part cash if required. ,
$1100— 27x88; Church st., nr. 18th; nr. car line
and Mission High School.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE CO..
207 Montgomery St. ' ¦
gOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Now Is the time to buy while urlces are low.
$450 to $800— Sunset lots, sewered and graded;
all ready to build on; in excellent locations; J10
monthly. v
$250 to $900— Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
I $75 to $300— Building lots near Mission st. and
San Mateo electric cars and Ocean View; all
level; no grading; $5. monthly.
$C30 to $1000 for small cottages In excellent
locations near cars; payments same, as rent.
' Call for maps and diagrams.
KOL GETZ * BROTHER.
bU_ yi^g oyL .. A .. CROCKER BUILDING.
$G23— $100 cash, balance $5 per month on In-
stallments: choice list of building lots on Eliza-
beth st.. between Doug-lass st. and Hoffman
ave • sire 25x114; Vi block from electric cars;
this location Is rapidly being built up by nice
new houses, and the lots offered are the cheap-
est in the Mission: -ready for building; will give
possession Immediately; will arrange to build;
installment payments. If desired. Apply to G.
\\. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN— $3500; a two-story. 8-'room houie in
good condition; lot 25x100; on E. side of Stan-
yari st. Apply to H. L. REA, 403 Washington
St., City. |
FOR SALE— Magplficent piece of property; 3
frontages; centrally located; on two lines of
cars- suitable for factory or any large build-
ing. Address box 3554. Call.
PARK Investment; 2 modern flats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath each; 732 Clayton bL, neat
Frederick; owner on premises to-day; no
agents. ¦
FOR SALE— New cottage, 4 rooms; large lot;
21st and Douglass sts. : terms easy.
NEW. modern, artistic, complete, beautiful
colonial home. 2715 Stelner St., near Uroad-
way. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market gt.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st.
REAL ESTATE — XJITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
i MARKET STREET CORNER.
Near City Hall: 27:9x137:6; a splendid oppor-
tunity: only $13,500. . •
H-STREET FRONTAGES.
Se\-eral choice lots on this thoroughfare at
moderate prices and on easy terms; get par-
ticulars at office.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
$27.500 — Pacific ave. residence; elegant modern
residence 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home: lot 37:6x122:6.
$5000— Green St., near Gough; good residence,
9 rooms and bath and laundry; lot 128:6x137:6.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$32.500 — Third st. corner; 137:6x137:6: store and
flats; good Improvements; rents ?25O.
$37,600— Folfom st. corner; manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages; rents $170;- lot 100xS7:fi.
$11.00<>— Rents $113; Castro St. corner; stores
and flats; lot 50x80.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3250— Rltch St.; 5 flats; rents *42 £0; lot 22xS0.
JGOOO— Rents $55; Natoma St.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 27x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$26,OOO-rPrlce reduced; Washington st. resi-
dence, with fine marine view; large garden;
sun all day; lot 137:6x137:6; don't fall to see
this property.
$2750 — Richmond district; entirely new; 2 cot-
tages; moilorn In every respect ; easy terms.
$33.'.O— Sunset district: 2 handsome new mod-
ern residence!!, just completed: 6 roo.ms and
hath and basement: lot 25x120; easy terms.
$4i>y>— pteiner St., near Ellis; cottage * rooms;
lot 25x90.
VACANT LOTS.
$.'^000— Van Ness ave.; corner; 32x109.
$15,000— Presidio Heights; corner; 137:6x127:8%;
fine marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250— Mill Valley cottage, 5 rooms and bath:
partly finished attic; large lot; will trade for
city property BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$2250— BUSINESS corner lot on California St.,
r-.CxlOO. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgom-
ery et.
REAL ESTATE— COU.XTRV For Snle
ATTENTION. HOME-SEEKERS! '
We are subdividlr.B one of the flnest pieces of
orchard land In the famous Santa Clara Valley,
known as the San Martin ranch, 74 miles from
Ban Francisco, on the main line; 2 trains daily;
railroad station on the place; town of San Mar-
tin part of the property with Its $5CC0 school-
house; surrounded by beautiful orchard homes:
will sell In tracts to suit upon payment of 25
per cent down, balance at 6 per cent net; will
refund fare to buyer; maps and photos at office.
We have made arrangements with the R. R.
Co. to sell excursion tickets on Sunday for $2 50
for round trip; cars leave Third and Townsend
sts. at 9 a. m., back In city at 4:10 p. m.. giving
2 hours on ranch; free carriage; our Mr. Bush
will accompany intending buyers each Sunday;
tickets good from Saturday to Monday, $3.
DAVID BUPH & SON, 14 Post st.
NAPA CITY.
About 3 acres, near Seminary ave.; house of
14 rooms, 1 baths; patent closet: all modern im-
provements, artesian well and city water; base-
ment and attic; nice family orchard; grounds
handsomely laid out with lawn, flowers and
shrubbery; this would make an Ideal place for
a boarding-school or a sanitarium or a wealthy
man's home; price on application.
FRtTIT AND STOCK FARM.
$12 50 per acre— 1000 acres near Placerville, El
Dorado County; 2200 French prunes, 4250 cling
peaches, 200 early Crawford, 1600 Bartlett pears,
250 rlumH, 600 apples, all In full bearing-; bal-
ance of the land grain and pasture; well wood-
ed and watered; fine buildings of every descrip-
tion; electric lights; free water; complete out-
fit of stock and tools: this place should pay for
itself In two years. Full particulars at office.
SAN CARLOS. SAN MATEO CO.
$7500— Beautiful improved place of 15 acres; 3
acres of orchard, lawn, flowers and shrubbery;
•fine house of 12 rooms; modern Improvements;
good water; in the rear of Wellesley Park, Join-
Ing the Hopkins property; nice view; photos at
office.
$1600—7 acres; corner of Center and San Mar-
tin aves., on lot 1MJ of San Martin ranch, Santa
Clara Co., 74 miles from city. 2S% hours' ride; 10
mimies" walk from depot; land is deep loam
toil; all out In orchard; 350 apricots, 200 peaches,
100 prunes and family orchard of 30 trees 4 and
5 years old; will yield about 6 tons of fruit thla
year; sood 4-room cottage, barn and outbuild-
ings; good bored well with fine water; tools go
with place; price $1600.
A— LOOK AT THIS BARGAIN—
A" magnificent ranch and paying ferry: situat-
ed within the school district of the growing city
of Redding. Shasta County; consists of 812 acres
of fruit, grain, alfalfa, pasture and wood land;
30 acres In bearing- orchard: 5 acres In vine-
yard, 200 acres in grain, with large crop; com-
fortable dwelling, large barn: also a fully
equipped ferry and ferry franchise which pays
interest on the entire investment; this ranch
would subdivide beautifully: Is one of the most
promising money-making place* In the State;
can be purchased on easy terms and at a great
tiareraln: maps and photos with full particulars
of DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Post st.
FOR i«ale — Beautiful suburban home; 12 acres,
near Santa Cruz; price IWW>. or would ex-
change for stock or general farm. For par-
ticulars address box 154, Santa Cruz. Cal.
A— PRINTED list. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market
St., city and country property sold or exehngd.
MARIN CO.. 26 miles from S. F.— $40 to $80 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: trood schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. 8th floor. Mills bldg.. S.F.
ACCITRATE personal knowledge; each of the
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents put together
In S. F. N. P. SICKELS. Land Agt., 6 Geary.
FOR sale— Good-paying Investment; country
hot*l: rented at J50. For particulars apply at
southwest corner F.ddv and Taylor sts.
RA^CjlJVAVTED-
WANTED — To rent small ranch for sheep rals-
• lng; state locality and' terms. Box 3545. Call.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 105, corner Polk — Newly renovat-
ed furnished and unfurnished front sunny
rooms; cheap.
ELEVENTH. 106 — Connecting housekeeping
rooms; complete; also single; upstairs.
ELLIS. 61S— 2 sunny front rooms; gas stove,
closets; rent moderate; private family.
FIRST, 230 — 4 rooms for housekeeping; business
location; rent cheap.
FRANKLIN, 515—2 or 3 sunny rooms; bath;
furnished for housekeeping.
FTJLTON, 116 — Housekeeping rooms for tw'o
__ persons.
JFl'RNISHED apartment, parlor, 2 bedrooms &
kitchen; rent $12. Apply at store, 613 Second.
GEARY, 441— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms; reasonable.
GEARY, 660— Furnished or unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
! GEARY, 919 — Bay-window ¦ front room, newly
i furn., with or without hskpnp. ; also tourist.
j HOWARD, 916— Sunny suite for light house-
j keeping; also others.
HOWARD, 1061—2 completely furnished com-
fortable rms.; running water; $9; also others.
HYDE. 1000V4, corner Pine— S front sunny. un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping; $12 50.
LINDEN ave., 324— Nice large front furnished
rcom for man and wife; use of kitchen. Call
between « and 7 p. m.
MASON, 1111— Large, nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
MISSION, 1219— To let: furnished rooms for
! housekeeping; complete: no children.
NICE furniture of a 7-room flat for sale or rent.
1150 Mission st. -.£
NINTH. 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms; run-
ning water: $8 month.
OAK, 12, near Market and Van Ness ave. — 2
sunny front housekeeping rooms.
OAK. 119 — 2 newly furnished housekeeping
rooms. $10; 2 large front unfurnished rms.; $s.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Sunny front
and bnck parlors; folding beds; gas stove; $14.
O'FARRELL. 742—2 to 4 nicely furnished
houeekping rms.; complete; gas. bath; phone.
POLK, 52.— Large sunny unfurnished house-
keeplng rooms; rent cheap.
POST. 972— Four furnished rooms for house-
keeping; call 1 to 3 or 7 to 8 p. m.
BIXTH, 119At— • connecting rooms with piano
and gas, furnished for housekeeping, $22 60;
also other rooms. ,
SILVER 163. near Fourth — Parlor and kitchen
furnished for housekeeping.
TURK, 543— Large front room, i complete for
housekeeping, $10; also single, j5.
TURK. 727— 2 unfurnished rooms and kitchen,
with stove.
VALENCIA. 191— Large front room and kitch-
en; furnished for housekeeping ; newly pa-
pered and painted; use of bath; $10.
VAN. NESS. 4S— Sunny front rooms for house-
keeping, $12 to $18; also single rooms for
gentlemen, $8, $12 a month.
WEBSTER, 1515— Two sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping. ' . - .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for CalJ advertisements and
1 subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. '
KOO.M* TO LE'K— Furn. nnil Cnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14$ Sixth— Uoom_
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
llfiht hourekeeplng; open all night. '
BURNETT. 1426 Market gt. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
I ROOMS TO LET — Fnru, sn_Unfnm.
CLAY. 1711— Furnished hall room; private fam-
liy: $5. . :
CLEMENTINA, 434%. bet. 5th and 6th— Large
furnished room In private family; $3 a month.
EDDY. 473— Two or three rooms; complete for
housekeeping; gas and coal range; also sunny
pintle room.
EIGHTH, 1Q3— Sunny rooms, $.1 25 to V 50 per
week.
ELLIS. 721 — 3 unfurnished sunny rooms; private
family; no children; reasonable. -^
ELLIS, 837— Sunny bay-window room for 1 or
2 gentlemen, with or without board; prlv. fam.
FOLPOM. S34 — $1 week; large tunny furnished
room; closet; bath; private.
FOLSOM. 963, cor. 6th (The OIlver)-Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
FOR RENT — A pleasant and quiet room in a
central location; reference given and re-
quired; rent moderate. Call or address A. E.
W.. 1125 Polk st.
FOURTH. 222'/i — Nicely furnished rooms; tl
week and up: moderate: quiet. ¦
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport House)— Furnished
rooms, single; gas; running water; all conv.
FRANKLIN, 325— Nicely furnished front bay-
window room; suitable for 2 ladles or gentle-
men. .
GEARY. 3S4— Sunny front room, $3; light,
pleasant back room, $6.
GEAKY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms: suites or single; travelers acco'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh '
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladies' parlor; reading room: elevator.
HARRIET, 57, between Howard and Folsom—
To let; two nice furnished sunny rooms, with
board; plain German cooking: a married cou-
ple preferred or two single gentlemen.
HARRISON, 1002. cor. Sixth— Sunny front
rooms; nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, 947— Sunny rooms ror light house-
keeping; also single. .
HOWARD, 9S9. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms reasonable; by day, week or month.
JACKSON, 924^ — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; water free; $7. >
JONES, 616. near Post— Sunny bay-window
room.
JUNIPER. 2, bet. 10th and 11th, off Folsom—
I Furnished room; suitable for 1 person; rent
$3 50; sunny all day. '
LAPIDGE. 20. off Nineteenth, near Valencia—
3 nice sunny rooms; gentlemen preferred;
home comfort*. _________
LARKIN, 1004, near Post— Newly furnished
sunny rooms; light housekpg; small rms., $4.
MARKET, 1055, between Sixth and Seventh-
Sunny furnished double rooms; $5 month.
MARKET. 1S02— Sunny front rooms, with mn-
nlng water; t7 and $10. .
MASON. 219— Newly furnished rooms; $6 up
per month; transient, SOc to $1 per day.
MINNA. 514— Nicely furnished double and sin-
gle rooms; reasonable^
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient^
MISSION. 1275— Three connecting rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping.
NATOMA, 4i0— Sunny front room; suitable for
one or two gentlemen.
OAK, 119—2 sunny large front rooms. $3; un-
furnished: closets; see them; other rooms.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean rms.; suites or sin-
gle; transient; running water; rates reduced.
POWELL, 503— Elegantly furnished front and
back rooms; single and en suite.
ROSEDALE House, 319 and J21 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL - HOUSE, 126. Ellis st.— Incandescent
! light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; room.?, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SACHAMENTO. 649 — Neat furnished rooms;
private family: $1 and upward.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2$ Eighth st..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Furnished front and bfick parlors;
suitable fcr doctor's office or dressmaker.
SUNNY front rooms to let; rates reasonable;
! large rooms. Box 2523. Call office.
I BUTTER. -319— Single and en suite; for gentle-
men and for families; special attention to
tourists.
SUTTER 5GS, rear— 3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
! call after 6 p. m.
THIRD. 263— Large back room, 2 beds, $S; sin-
gle, $3; 1. $4; electric lights.
VALLEY. 26—2 furnished rooms. 1 sunny, with
bay-window; suitable for 2 persona; $5 and $6;
references required.
$7 50— THREE large sunny rooms. 274 Dore st..
b?t. Ninth and Tenth. Bryant -"rt Harrison.
ROOMS AN'D BOARD.
A FAMILY having a large, refined, well fur-
nished home will accommodate a few pei-
sone with references; table and all appoint-
ments flrst-classs. - Box 3571, Call. office.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3377, near Mission— Nicely
furnished sunny rooms, with or without
board, at very reasonable prices.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath: sin. rms. ; board optional.
PERRY, 160, bet. 3d and" 4th. Harrison and
.Bryant— 2 newly furn. sunny rms.; gas; bath.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— One large unfurnished room with
running wat.; on ground floor. Box 3547, Call.
STAIILKM TO LKT.
STABLE. 25 stalls; suitable for express or milk
depot: month> rent free: cheap. 2630 Mission.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
DR. NELLIE BEIGHLE. whose offices have
been in the Emma Ppreckels bldg. for the
last five years will move to her new "Home
Sanitarium," Railroad ave. and Linden St.,
Alameda.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Klpr
• Orphanage of £20 Lake St.. San Francisco, has
received the following orphan, half-orphan
racI abandoned girls from March 31 to June
80^ 1900: Marrletta E. McKewen, 4 year3 6
months; Sarah C. McCarthy, 13 years 8
months; Mary E. McCarthy. 10 years 5
months: Esther H. Snyders, 1 year 4
months; Emma E. Fisher. 11 years 6 months;
Bertha C. Fisher, 7 years 2 months.
LADIES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are, the best: safe, reliable; take no other;
Fend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief tor
Ladles," In letter by return mall; at drug-
gl»ts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
ROOMS papered from J3: whitened, tl up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
m.. 41.*. Mnntgnmery St.. rooms !>-10-: tel. .v*S0.
SEWING' MACIIIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. 1'lam.beck, 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
A_I< kinds bought. »ol<i. exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 213 Fourth st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
" WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BRKINS Van anrl Storage Co.. "22 Mission »t..
tel. Mnln 1S4P— Packing, moving ami storage.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
a^eatT^barcTa Fns~7n~ t y p_Twrite rs^w>
cell bettfr machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53fi California, telephone Main 268.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND~NOTICE— Dividend No. 17 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Co. will be p*3 'able at the office of the
company. 327 Market st., on and after Tues-
day. July l'>. 1900- Transfer books closed on
Thursday, July 5, 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco. At a regular meet-
lne of the Beard of Directors of this bank,
held July 3", 1S0O, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30, 1900, at the rate
of seven (7) per cent per annum, payable on
and after the 16th Inst. Transrer books will
be closed from the 10th to the lflth Inst.. both
days Inclusive. GEORGE Gr.ANT,
July 3, 1900. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY. CON. A dividend. No. 19. of sev-
enty-five cents (75c) per share on the issued
capitai stock of the company has been de-
clared payable at the office of the company.
430 California street. San Francisco, on July
10th, 1900. Transfer books close July 3d, 1900.
at noon. ' " * A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.:
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, corner of. California and Sansome sts.,
for the half year ending June 30. 19C0, has de- •
clared a dividend of S per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits; 6 per cent on term de-
posits; 10 per cent to Clas3 "F" stock, and 12
1 per cent to Class "A."
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIN... Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IF you want to buy elegant new house of 8
rooms and basement call ax 13£3 Regent st..
Alameda.
|22 50— LOT 45x140; flnest location on Central
ave.; with good house of 9 rooms.
E. D. JUDD CO..
1424 Park st.. Atatneda.
JlELCT'AlTOMlNTS
DERKELBV REAL. ESTATE.
*370ft— LOVELY new 7-room house on Durant
ave.. near college; terms to suit. O. G. MAT
A CO. ¦
I30O-FIXE corner lot In the Hlllega?s Tract.
O. G. MAY & CO.
J6tV>— FIXE lot In the scenic park, near college.
O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley Station.
$2000— SEE these new 5 and 6 room cottages;
porcelain baths, tiled sink, fine mantel, sta-
tionary tubs; 1 and 2 blocks t<j train and
electric cars; one at Golden Gate, one at
Adeline, one at Lorin. one at A*hby. one at
Dwight way, two on Grove st. ; SlflO cash,
balance $20 per month, including interest.
W. C. MORAN, Lor'n Station, Berkeley^
$27jC — IK Berkeley, near university: cottage, j
rooms and bath: beautiful' garden: lot 50x13:.;
only |I30 down; monthly payments to suit.
Address box 1S31, Call office. •
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87x150. with modern
house of ft rooms.
J24C0— NEW, modern house of 8 rooms, bath-
room and laundry: hardwood finish: 1 block
from university and Berkeley station. See
owner at 1311 Addlson st. ¦
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE BY EC A. PLEITNER.
$12C0 — Cottage of 4 rooms and hall; One arte-
sian well, windmill and tank; lot 50x130; all
fenced; 3 blocks from local train.
$1100— A sacrifice; modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, basement, etc.; lot 50x147; one block
from electric cars; must be sold; an opportunity
worth investigating; $100 cash, balance same as
rent.
$950— New cottage of 3 large rooms, pantry
and closets; 6-foot basement: gocd brick founda-
tion; chicken house; lot 73x100; fenced and cross-
fenced; $1GO cash, balance same as rent. ;
$S50— Bay-window cottage of 3 rooms and
bath; hall, front and back porch, basement,
etc.; only 3 blocks from local trains; easy
terms If desired.
$700— House of 4 rooms and basement: fruit
trees, etc.; lot 60x110; $100 cash, balance $13 per
month.
$.->S0 — House of 4 rooms and basement; large
chicken house: good well and pump: lot SQxllO;
$100 cash, balance on your own terms.
Chicken ranch of 6 acres in bearing orchard;
house of S rooms and bath; barn; 2 wells,
windmills and tanks; for rent at $25 per month;
stock and Improvements for sale consisting of
&00 chickens, 70 ducks, 120 pigeons, 14 hives of
bees, one large brooder • house. 14. chicken
houses, horse, harnets. wagon and buggy; 6 in-
cubators, etc. For full* particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. CaL
FOREST PARK TRACT.
Cl LOTS SOLD IN «7 DAYS.
51 LOTS BOLD IN 87 DAY8.
20 Houses Built or in Course of Construction.
20 Houses Built or In Course of Construction.
Only 15 Choice FOREST PARK Lots Left.
163 Feet Above Sea Level. Fine Climata.
Splendid View, Trees, Shrubbery, etc.
$100 cash, balance easy terms — Orchard: nice
shade trees; new and modern; elegant location.
$150— Elegantly located lot; fine soil.
$350— $50 down, balance about $4 per month;
three rooms; new; good lot: fine view; healthy
location.
$750— Lot 75x173; » rooms; new.
$300— Another one; 4 rooms; city water.
$900— $100 down, balance like rent; large lot;
sewer; city water: close to cars and station;
3 rooms: high basement: new.
$1000— $1^0 down, balance same a_ rent; 4
rooms: complete: new.
lots of Others at Various Prices.
Easy Terms on Everything We Hav» to Sell.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Flat or on Installments.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
Frultvale office, half a block above FVultral*
Station. ¦
FOR BALF BY J. "W. ELROD.
$1050— 4-room house; hard finish., high base-
ment; large lot: t_ block from Frultvale ave..
In the best part of Frultvale: this Is a splendid
opportunity to get a good home; $100 down, bal-
ance $13 30 per month, same as rent.
$6W— A 3-room house; hard finish; large lot;
well and pump: close to school; on a good
street: nice flowers and garden.
$1450 — 5-room house; modern throughout; good
barn, fine chicken-houses with yards; fine lawn
and flowers; some fruit; corner lot. S0_133; fine
shade trees and stdewalks; 3 blocks from elec-
tric cars; near school.
$1200 — A 7-room house, lot 40x132; 2 blocks
from electric cars; near a good school; this Is
a cheap home for some one.
$1910— A 6-ronm house; all kinds of fruit and
flowers; lot 75x100; small barn; this la as fine a
place as there Is In Alameda Co.; don't fail to
see thia place; I can sell this place on very easy
term; It must be sold.
See our fine building lots. 1. 2 and 3 blocks
from Frultvale Station; the only lots now on
the market near the station; easy terms; streets
graded and sewered; city water.
Send for full printed list of houses, lots,
email fruit farms and chicken ranches.
J. W. ELROD.
Frultvale Station. Cal.
FOR SALE— ~ — —
4 acres fruit orchard, a new house of five
rooms and hath, -barn, windmill, tankhouse.
fine well of water, Elmhurat; convenient to
both steam and electric cars.
Lot Frultvale ave., 49x130; J63O. Lots Bel-
mont St., 25x127. 100 feet from Frultvale ave..
$173.
5 acres fine land, fenced: sell reasonably.
House of six rooms and bath, with all mod-
ern improvements, lot 100x140; planted in fnilt
trees, chicken-house. Elmhurst. close to cars.
Inquire of HAYES & GARRATH. Orchard
ave., and San _«_ndro road.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SUITABLE FOR 2 FAMILIES. /
$32oO— Comfortable 8-roomed house in rery
fine location: near Telegraph ave. ; sunny front:
open lawn; street work all done; forced sale
on account of mortgage.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
A VERY PRETTY HOME.
$14 per month; cozy new 5- roomed cottage:
all modern: lot 50x164 feet; elevated ground:
near Frultvale ave.: total price only J15C0; I
cash or installments. ;
GEO. V,'. AUSTIN & CO.. I
IOCS Broadway. Oakland. !
TO SAVE FORECLOSURE.
$2300 buvs ft beautiful 8 roomed nearly new
colonial style home In Frultvale, with lot 75x140
feet on high ground; close to Frultvale ave.;
barn and lot of fruit trees; mortgage of $2000 Is
pressing: such chances are scarce and generally
sell quick. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
lOfig Broadway, Oakland.
THREE BLOCKS FROM BROADWAY.
$2500— Cottage of 6 rooms, bath. hall, base-
ment and bay-window on sunny side and In a
choice location; one block to public plaza;
above Seventh at.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
IN THE HEART OF OAKLAND.
$6000— Elegant 10-room cottage, with every
convenience; lot 55x130 feet; In choice residence
location; handy to Fourteenth and Broadway;
part cash If desired.
OEO. W. AUSTIN i CO..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
FOR BUSINESS OR INCOME.
J1S0O— Store and flat and rear «-room cot-
tage; rents for $22 per month; on main street;
In the best renting locality; these rents are
steady and can be Increased ;" a. big 1 bargain;
owner back East: look Into It.'
GEO. W. AUSTIN _ CO..
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
PRICE $2000— COST $3000.
New Ixomo of 6 rooms, bath, conservatory,
basement and all Improvements; lot 60x140 feet
(note the -size), with open lawn, gravel drive-
way, stone walks, good, substantial barn, fruit
trees, etc.: occupied by a tenant; owner Is
away: nicest locality, near Grove street; all
street work done; a regular home place; all
in good condition; no such other bargain to
be had; look^into this at once If you want to
buy; no mortgage on the place; price reduced
for a quick cash sale.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate Brokers,
1C0S Broadway, Oakland,
Telephone Red 668.
HERE IS A SNAP— Owner leaves this week;
fine new modern, up-to-date cottage of four
fine rooms, bathroom, pantry with sink in
pantry, patent toilet, laundry, large fine
.porch; north side of street and large lot: only
4 minutes to Golden Gate station on the
Berkeley local: will be sold for J13O down, bal-
ance monthly payments: all complete, ready to
move; total cost only $130.
Must be sold by Wednesday of this week.
JAS. S. N'AISMITH, 432 Ninth st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT,
OAK LAX O ItEAL ESTATE.
LOTS and acre tracts in pretty Klmhurst: sh.-iJ-
ed with fruit trees: gravel streets: ctty water;
terms to please. SALISBURY. _;• Ninth at..
Oakland.
J1C0 CASH; monthly payments as low rent till
paid for: modern new cottase of 4 rooms,
bath, pantry, closets, high basement, brick
foundation; all fenced: fine well of writer, al'
first class; 2 fine lots, cne a COIOCi; price, all
told. $3?3; city water If desired; street macad-
amized; nlca homes all around: near 3 lines of
electric reads and fine schoolhouae and wide
avenue: no fog or cold — Intla here: Atlendale
Tract, adjoinir.g East Oakland. Call or sen'l
for circular, 430 Seventh St., near cor. Hr-ad-
way. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner
OAKUXD -UTRXISHKD HOISES.
J23 PER month: cozy cottase of 5 rooms, com-
pletely furnished. In central l<ication.
$fln — Furnished home of 0 rooms on Piedmont
avenue.
J70— Elegant furnished hr>u-<» of 1" rooms; cen-
tral location; fine grounds; hus rented for $1Z5.
OEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate and House Rrokera.
l»fS Broadway. Oaktonri.
OAKLAND STORE TO I.fcT.
FIXE corner store. ju;=t finished, northeast cor-
ner Piedmont and Ross av»-. : suitable for
first-class grocery and f»ed store; no oppo-
sition; living rooms back of store: 9 large
rooms upstairs: modern Improvements: will
rent as a whole or separate: rent reasonable:
also choice lots. monthly payments: aee
owner. P. J. KELLER, floral store. 90!
Broadway.
OAKLAND Kl'nXITtTRE FOR SAL_.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th-»
furniture dealer. Uth and Frtinklln. Oakland.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following- marriage licensee were Issued
yesterday:
Dennis J. O'Netl. Si. TV. Thirteenth street.
and Sarah O'Brien, 27. 842 Page street.
Charles Kuhn. 26, 134 Fourth street, and Mot-
ile Myringr. W, 134 Fourth street.
James H. Whltcomb. V. 403% Third street,
and Hannah A. Collins. 26. 131 Langton street.
Charles A. L. Wilson. 27. Cincinnati. Ohio,
and Lilly B. Clifford. 24. Treka. Cal.
Gustav A. Perscheid, 3S. city, and Josephine
Fellmann. 22. city.
Gustave Zeh. 27, Frultvale. and Nell!* L.
Welsh. 25, Oakland.
George W. Clark. 32. 1310B Hyde street, and
Bertha Reagan, 23, 3222 California street.
Carl H. Yearian, 25. 7014 Webster street, and
Sarah C. Pickens. J4. 3» Glen Park avenue.
Edward M. Boyson. 22. 2f>15 Howard street,
and Amelia Stephana. 23. 1072 Ellla street.
Edward Banker. Jl. Carters. Tuolumne
County, and Clara F. Thurston, 23, Greenwood.
Mendocino County.
BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES—DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ARCHER— In thin city. July 4. 1900. to the wife
of James Archer, a son.
BROCK— In thla city. June XU 1XS0. to the wife
of W. F. Brock, a son.
COLLINS— In this city. June 28. 1900. to the
wife of James F. Collins, a daughter.
DECKER— In this ctty. June 9. 1900, to the
wife of Philip J. Decker, a daughter.
r>O__— In this city. June 28. 1300. to the wife
cf Joseph Dold. a daughter.
FORBES— In thia city. July 5. 1900t to the wife
of George Forbes, a son.
GRANT— In this city. July 1. 1900. to the wife
of J. R. Grant, a daughter.
LACENSTEIN-In Alameda, Cal.. July 4. 1300,
to the wife cf Robert A. Lauer.stetn. a son.
RBALT— In Frultvale. June 23. 1300. to the wife
of Joseph Ward Realy. a daughter.
TIEMAN— In this city, June 21. 1300. to the
wife of Henry Tleman. a daughter.
W1TTKOPP— In this ctty, June 9. 1300. to the
wife of H. A. Wlttkopp. a daughter.
__________
HAT— NOLAN— In this city. June 27, 1900. at
Sacred Heart Church. Robert F. Hay and
Mrs. M. D. Nolan.
HOFFMENN— LEECH— In this city. June 27.
1900, at All Hallows' Church, by the Rev.
Father Lane. Charlea J. Hoffmenn and Mary
A. Leech, both of San Francisco.
McGOLDRICK-O'NElLL— In this city, Jane
27 1300, at St. Brendan's Church, by the Rev.
w. Landa. James J. McGoldrick and Cath-
erine O'Neill, both of Pan Francisco.
McLEOD— JORDAN— In this city. July 7, 13<w,
at Simpson Memorial Church, by the Rev.
John Stephens. Malcolm R. McLeod and Alva
T. Jordan, both of Fort Bragg. Cal.
_ died. ~~
Antonlne, Joseph Layng-. John
Brlggs, Albert K. Lindsay. Thomas
Conn, Rezlna Markebertj. Kmtla
Crandell. Samuel B. M'ntin, Felice L.
Daly. Jeremiah J. Miller, Bertha
Dean. Mary J. H. Mitchell. L>avid
Elllcott. Thomas Mitchell. Elizabeth
Falls. "William O. Nowlin. Ruth
Geer (nee Roberts), Perkins. A. Judson
Addle Powell. Jacob H.
Heaeock. Franklin T. Solomon. Dorothy R.
Horan. Hannah Stanovich. E!la M.
Kyne, John Sullivan. Catherine I.
ANTONINE— In this city. July 8. 1900. Joseph
Antonlne. a native of Italy, aged a year?.
BRIGGS— In this city, July *. 1900. Albert Kins
Briggs. a native of Rhode Is'.anl. aged 7j
years.
COHX— In this city, July 8, 1900. Reglna, be-
- loved wife of Leo Conn, and sister of Mrs.
E. Ellas. Mrs. L. Raer of Oakdale. Saul
Lowenberg of Visalia and Richard Lowen-
berg of Tuscarora. Nev.. a native of. Oer-
many. ased 35 years.
C_TFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Sunday>. at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 423 Franklin street, thence hy 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend streets
to Hit!3 cf Eternity Cemetery for Interment.
CRANIJELL—In Oakland, July 7. 1000. Samuel
B. T. Crandell. brother of Thomas B. anil
Benjamin Crandell. a native of Rhode Island,
aged 63 years 8 months and 7 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at. 2 o'clock, at the un-
dertaking parlor* of James Taylor. <i2rt Thir-
teenth street. Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
DALY— In this city, July 6. 15M, Jeremiah J..
beloved son of Jeremiah and Elizabeth Daly,
and brother of Nellie an.1 John l>aly.. a na-
tive of Jersey City. N. J.. aged 24 years and
22 days.
C_TFrlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his aunt. Mrs. H. Jenniner. Vi Pleasant street,
between Taylor and Joru s. Sacramento and
Clay, thence to St. Mary's Church, corner
Dupont and California streets, for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEAN— In this city. July 6. 1300. Mary Joseph-
ine Hamilton Dean, beloved daughter of
Frederick E. and Annie C. Dean, a native «f
Portland, Or., aged 5 years 1 month and 13
days.
KLLICOTT— In this city. July 7. 19C. Thomas
Ellicott, a native of Ireland, aged «» years.
FALLS— In Los Angeles. Cal.. July 3, 1300.
W'slU&m George Fall*, dearly beloved son of
Mrs. A. S. and the late Colonel R. J. Falls,
and neDhew of Mrs. M. C. Williams, a na-
tive of San Fnwicisco. aged „ years 11 months
anJ l'J cays.
C^FrierxJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Sunday). at 1:30 o'clock, from Grace M. _.
Church corner Twenty-first and Capp streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by car-
riage Remains at the home of his mother.
523 Ca?P street.
GEER <nee ROBERTS)— In this city. July 7.
1U«1O. Addle, eldest ami r>«rlo\-eil daughter of
Lottie A. and the tat» F. S. Roberts. an?l
sister of Cooper. Pearl. Grant and the late
Porter Roberts, a r.ntive of fan Francisco,
asod 21 >ears 4 months and 3 days.
E_TNotIce of funeral hereafter.
HEACOCK— In thia city. July 7. 1900. Franklin
Tlr^mas. beln-ed son of Pr. F. T. and Ida E.
Heaeock. a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 3 months and W days.
HORAN— In Redding. Cal.. July «. 1300. Han-
nah, beloved wife of Jihn Horan. mother of
Alma and John H<->ran. and sister of Michael.
Timothy and William Pugrue and Mrs. J.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Msr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South S0 :
UNITED UNDERTAKtRS.
17 and 20 Fifth st. Tel. South 187.
__It_B-& BISECT0S3 AND EMBAL_S_3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association.
>AN FRANC! 'CO, CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANY
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per 'receptacle fcr the ashea and organ services
is $30. The same for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. SuperlntendeatHITLESS HUNTERS
City sportsman— Any game around
here?
Farmer— Yes: the woods are full of It.
City sportsman-f-I supposed It had been
pretty well killed off by now.
Farmer— Oh. no. No one ever hunts
around here but you city fellers.
Mornlns>-' 1 ChristIan8 in Youth and in Old
Age." Evening:— "Peter In Prison," with
prelude on "The Chinese War and the Mis
sionaries."
Morning— "•The Peace of God." Evening—
"Our Duty to California."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
j nE _p r eachlnK by Dr. B. F. Mclntosh.
Mornlnp— Rev. Father Culligan will preach
at 10:30 mass. Evenlng-rRev. Father Sasla
will deliver sermon after vespers.
Mornlntr— Re%'. Father Prendergast will
preach at 11 o'clock mass. Evening — Rev.
Father Dempsey will deliver the discourse
after vespers.
Morning— Rev. Henry E. C Keefe will
preach at 11 o'clock mass. Evening-Rev.
Father MacCorry will preach after ves
pers.
Morning— Rev. J. Leonard Garver will
preach; subject. "Seekers After God."
Evening — "In His Steps," a discussion of
Mr. Sheldon's famous novel. ,
Moraine— "The Throne of God on the
Earth." Evenlne — "The Joy of the
"World."
Morning— "The Puzzle of t Prayer." Even
ing— "Triumph of Christianity Over Pa
ganism."
Morning — "Love and Obedience." Evening —
¦'National Righteousness."
Morning— "What is Man?" Evening— "God's
Perfect Law and Its Effect."
Morning— Services at 11 a. m. Evening —
Prayer at 4 p. m. Sermon by rector.
Morning— Sermon by acting rector. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— Preaching by pastor. Evening-
Morning — Sermon * by pastor. Evening —
Same. •
Morning— "The Palth That Failed Not In
Presence of Discouragement." Evening —
Eons service and sermon to the Order of
United Moderns.
Morning— "The Christian Hope." Evening—
"Self Examination." ,
Morning — "He Preached to Them, Jesus."
Evening— Sermon by Rev. TV. W. Case
presldins elder.
Morning — Sermon by Rev. Charles E. Win
ning of Los Gatos. Evening — Same.
Morning— "Jesus, the Only Mediator Be
tween . God and Man." Kvening— "Re?
ligious Enjoyments and Wordly Amuse
ments."
Morning— Sermon by Rev. "W. W. Case pre
siding elder. Evening— Rev.> John Stephens
will -preach.
Morning— "True Glory." Evening— "Who Is
This Wonderful Man?"
Morning— "The Believer's Check on the
Bank of Heaven." Evening— "Courage."
Morning— Sermon and special music Even*
ing— "The Secret of Self-respect and What
It Does for Ui "
Morning — Preaching by pastor. Evening
Rev. Dr. Gutherle will deliver sermon.*
Morning— "A Victor's Assurance." ! Evening
— "The Master Has Come."
Morning-Preaching by Rev. D. A. Russell
of Palo Alto. Evening— Same.
Morning— "The Form of Godliness." Even
ing — "Independence Day Lessons."
Afternoon— Messrs. C. A. Glunz and F. A
Jackson, secretaries of the army depart
ment of the association, will speak.
Morning — "Life."
•¦• ; \
Evening— "Norse Mythology." part II by
Mrs. Theo. Beck-Meyer. ¦. - . _
Morning— "I Am the Bread of Ufe."
The result was no reports got away that
night. Next morning they were examined
and countersigned without the alteration
of a word!
. Several pressmen had traveled across
country to hear it. and a general riish for
the wires took place when it was finished.
But tho President was cautious. He gave
orders that no reports should bo tele
graphed until he had scrutinized them.
This was intensely aggravating to (he
journalists, so a deputation waited on his
private secretary, and eventually reached
the great man himself. The pressing de
mands of latter-day Journalism were en
larged upon and argument brought to
bear to induce him to relent. He objected,
he questioned, he hesitated, he wavered,
then, eureka! he agreed to trust to Jour
j nallsstlc accuracy. » There was a pause.
The deputation had expressed its grati
tude and was on the point of withdraw
ing whrn — he changed his mind. "It sud
denly struck him that if a garbled ver
sion or a misplaced sentence reached
London "Kamberlain" would be at him
and credit him with utterances he never
I dreamed of. > f
Some weeks before the Bloemfontein
conference, says the London Chronicle.
President Kruger made a sneech at Rus
tenburg, the stronghold of Dopperdcm,
wherein he outlined a new Outlander pol
icy and Incidentally accused Mr. Cham
berlain of a disregard for the truth. It
was a historical speech, marking, as it
did. a noteworthy change In the Presi
dent's methods.
"Wary of Reporters.
Stoel ¦wool, 'rtrcxluced fivft or sl% years
Bgro. Is a mnchine-produced material that
Is u.-e<l as a substitute for sandpaper. It
is composed of sharp-edged threads of
tteel. which curl up together like wool,
or somewhat as the wood fibers of the
(similar material known as excelsior curl
uj> together, though the Bteel Is very
much liner; the finest of it being not
r-iuch coarser than the coarsest of natural
wools. The steel wool Is put In packages
containing one pound each. These are
somt thing like rolls of cotton batting,
but smaller, making, rolled in paper and
open at the ends, a package perhaps flf
ti-en inches long and two or three inches
In dl.irr.tter.
Made in various degrees of coarseness,
eu-tl wool is put to a variety of uses, the
finer wools for polishing wood and metal,
end the coarser for rubbing down paint
und varnish. Jt Is o£ten used on several
r pecial parts of work, while, for example,
on the tlat surfaces of a door a man
¦would u*e sandpaper with a block back of
It: for the moldings he would use steel
wool, which tits into the crevices and con
forms itself to irregular shapes. Such
v.ork can be <lone with steel wool far
more readily than with sandpaper, and it
Is used with like advantage on irrepnlar
end Fmall surfaces and on carved work.
Hesldes the steel wool there Is a coarser
material of the same kind called steel
rhavlngs. which is put to various us<»3 as
In taking off old paint or varnish, and in
polishing wood before painting, and It Is
used on bowling alleys and on floors for
rnoothlns and cleaning them.
Sandpaper clogs in use, steel wool
tircnks down. The wool Is commonly
UFed with gloves to keep the ends from
sticking Into the fingers.
¦ * i
The Oldest Publishers in New York.
Methodist Book Concern, founded In
l'SS: William Wood & Co. (medical pub
lications), 1S04: Harper & Brothers. 1817:
Eaker. Voorhies & Co., 1S20; D. Appleton
& Co.. 1^25; David O. Francis. 182S: L>. Van
Nostranrt. 1S30; Ivlson & Co., '1831; John
Wiley & Sons. 1S22; John F. Trow. 1835;
G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1S36; A. S. Barnes
£z Co.. 183S; Dod<!» Mead & Co.. 1839;
L l.-~ r;^« Scr'ibHM'e> fltiia, iiiS.
Steel Wool Used in Place of Sand
paper. '
HOTEL ARUIVALS.
S R Croolca & w, Prsa
r s Ttmberi&ke. Mo
O A T'.j'.I. Ptorkton
H K K'Md. Oakland
J Itot»-rrs. San Jose
V.' D >!an. Facto
G II Wtlheliri. Or* Val
n F- Kydp. Vf^alia
P L. Miller. IJ»rkrley
F V OmrmmrO. H*»rkl»-y
C D Hay. B narbara
F A!S"ti. Taccn-.a
H Tbnmpson & w.Glbr
T E Dattta. WcKlttrtck
E<3ith Bosh. Fresno
Hrf <^ Van Bcaoaleer.
UlM Angelas
Ulc* MiE-liava" 1 **. Xpa
W BlKXl -lr. OroviUr
O UcCtfrestt Ix>f Ane
5Tr« J Miller. Ofhkosh
A i^mith A- w. I,, Ang
\v h Hoilenbeek, ttmt
W Rose. Anrels Camp
E H Quimby. Kans Cy
O P Wilson & w, Clnn
T II Hayff, Detroit
M M Salmon. S I3rbar
It A Thompson & «,
Lo* Ancles
W Pilse. Kr^no
M C Hughes. Mas*
EH Bwan. Wash. D C
J rurran. Cal
.T <• Johnson, Vailejo
P B Smith & w, Jmstn
C K «'lark<» & w. Frsn
K G r:»^l. Rpclamatn
J I f-'hute. Liverpool
T llartUfn, Camonstl
A C Hr**>n<*jale. Pnc G
C 0 Wigclrs. Philadpl
W Ji Mumma, Gmd Is
T M Laundrum. S CIra
A Adams, Scotland
Ij A'lam*. Scotland
Mi»s I KJ1I. Ind
>1!w K. Jamison. <~"al
Ml** J JimlKon, Cal
J H All^n. Sa<-to
C \V Jon»s. Mllwauk^f
O <I <".riff.th Ashland
J B I'lant. X Y
J F Cooror. I> Ani
\V O <hans!o r , r c i
E 15 .Howard. Cal
Mr? Hf-warJ. C«l
kliAi AJxtoa. X Y
B N Rowloy. Ala
Mrs Rowley. Ala
15 I>ulur>sin«rh. Knglfl
H J>ului>finch, Knicld
K K Thomaf, N T
II Weinftock. Sacto
K G Whitlock. Ky
l>r nn Ward; U S X
L. H liand, Fresno
J C Col well. D S X
R H Toiin'.ey, U S N
J A Er\in. N' T
Mists M L. Rofs. U S &
J Flicker. B Jose
J Mulroy. Monterey
F Xvanrovkh A- i ¦ ".« ;
JJ Kchmidt. Ansel*
.1 II tflthooae. N^br
Mr» 1^ H Field, T»-xa«
Mrs Hicginsnn. L Ajir
E Goble. nakcryfif-ld j
G S Wwks, Humbolflt
I> H Eastbrook. Uklah
M Potter. Stockton
II Jacobson. fZallftoga.
J E Hall. Bt H»!ena
P J Munha, Sacto
J R liarton, Chlcaro
P McCann. CJoverdale
First Baptist Eddy street *« T<11 ««5J» W -
worth and Jone»— Rev. E. A. wooas.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett stree^tween
Twenty-second and Twenty- tnira— «ev. j.
GeorBe Gibson.
Flnst Free Baptist. Bush street, near Lar
kin-Rev. L. W. Simmons.
St. Imatlus. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
St Mary's Cathedral. Van Xesa avenue and
6'FarTell «treet-Rev. Father Prenderjjaat.
V. G.
St Mary's. California and Dupont streets-
Paullst Fathers.
Coombe. — —
Third Congregational Fifteenth street, near
MIeslon-Rev. William Rader.
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
Btreets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
First ConKreBntronal. corner Post and
Mason streets-Rev. George C. Adams.
Trinity Fplecopal. corner Bush and Oough
streets-Rev. Frederick W. Clampett.
St Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street-Rev. J. T. Mackay. acting rector.
Trinity Methodist Kplscopal. corner Market.
Sixteenth and Noe streets-Rev. Theo. H.
Woodward.
California Street Methodist Episcopal, cor
ner and Broderick etreets-
Rev. A. C. Bane.
Howa-d-strect M. E.. Howard street, be
tween Second and Third-Rev. John A.
B. Wilson.
Potrero M.thodlst Episcopal. Tennessee
street, near Solanc— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets-Rev. John Stephens.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, corner Twenty
first and Capp streets-Rev. J. N. Beard.
First Methodist Episcopal. Powell street,
near WashinKton-Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street,
near Sixth-Rev. 8. D. Hutslnpllleiv
Westmlneter Pr*« b y terlan A,, c r ° r n I ? r J >a^' ?" d
Webster streets— Rev. Eugene H. Avery.
First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk streets-Rev. H. H.
Bell.
Calvary . Presbyterian, corner Geary^ and
Powell streets— Rev. John Hemphtll.
Klret Presbyterian, corner Van Ness 'ave
nue and Sacramento street-Rev. R. Mac
kenzie. ¦
Stewart Memorial. Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. W. . E.i Pucan.
First Christian. Twelfth street between
Howard and Mission-Rev. F. S. Ford.
First English Lutheran. Geary street, near
Gough— Rev.' E. Nelander. - -. . -
Emanuel Evangelical. Twelfth street, be
tween Market and Mlsslon-Rev. W. H.
Althouse. ¦
Y. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets— H.
J. McCoy, secretary.
First Church of Christ. Sutter street, be
tween Kearny street and Grant avenue—
The Bible and Science and Health. With
Key to the Scriptures.
Theosophical Society— Odd Fellows* building.
First Divine Science. S360 Seventeenth
¦tract— M.- E. Cramer.
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
Breaking 1 of the Knowles Trust
Said to Have Been the
• Result of a Con
spiracy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 7. (
Horaco TV. Phllbrook in his efforts to be
appointed guardian of the children of
James P. and Mary "Webster Merritt and
Frederick A. and Mary Brown Merritt to
day filed In the Superior Court an amend
ed petition for letters of guardianship,
charging various named and unnamed
persons with having formed a conspiracy
to defraud the Merritt children. Those
accused are Emll Xusbaumer, George W.
Reed, George N. Williams,- Henry C.
Campbell, A. A. Moore, Charles H. Lovell,
Myron T. Dusinbury, Edward Hackett,
Mack Webber and O. C. Miller.
Philbrook's principal charge is that the
breaking of the Knowles trust, which he
declares was established by Mrs. Cath
erine Garcelon for the benefit of her neph
ews and their children, w as accomplish
ed by a number of designing persons who
formed a gigantic conspiracy to defraud
the rightful heirs and despoil them of their
property. He asserts ¦ that when the
Knowles trust was declared void the
property valued at about $400,000 was di
vided among the alleged conspirators.
James P. and Frederick A. Merritt are
said to have been placated by small sums
from the valuable trust fund.
The decision dissolving the Knowles
trust was rendered November 7, 1S95, by
Judge A. L. Frlck. According to Phil
brook, the case was an agreed deal de
signed to rob the heirs of Mrs. Garcelon.
The appointment of Emil Nusbaumer to
succeed Captain J. N. Knowles as trustee
Is also cited as a part of the general
scheme of despoliation. Nusbaumer is
said' to have never filed a. bond and that
no security was ever requested because
of the alleged mental incompetency of
James P. and Frederick A. Merritt.
At the time of the concoction of the al
leced plan to defraud, reads the petition,
James P. Merritt was living at the home
of his fatherrin-law. Myron F. Dusinbury,
and was under his complete control, lo
carry out the fraud a deed was executed
on November C. 1S96, by C. C. Miller as at
tornev for the heirs of Stephen Purlngton
and Harrv P. Merritt, pretending to con
vey to Edward Hackett and Mack Web
ber all the real property of the Knowles
trust. Dusinbury is said to have ac
knowledged the deed in his capacity as
a notary public and caused it to be re
corded On November 7. 1S%, a Bimilar
deed is declared to have been executed
bv Frederick A. and James P. Merritt to
riackett and Webber. .... . ,
It is further alleged that by careful
planning a judgment of court was ob?
talnod ordering the division of the proper
ty under the control of Emil Nusbaumer
as successor to Trustee Knowles. All of
the proceedings are said to have been
carried out In one day;
The petitioner charges that the parties
to the alleged conspiracy received the fol
lowing amounts in dividing up the
Knowles trust property: George N. Wil
liams, property valued at $50,000; O. C.
Miller, property valued at $50,000; Henry
C. Campbell, property valued at $10,000;
Myron T. Dusinbury, property valued at
$30,000; Charles H. Lovell. property val
ued at $5000; Edward Hackett and Mack
Webber, property valued at $15,000; Harry
P. Merritt, property tvalued at $25,000;
Charles K. Palmer, property valued at
$12,500; Frederick A. Merritt. Louis«
Brown Merritt, James P. Merritt and
Mary Webster Merritt. several pieces of
property and notes and mortgages of un
known value: A. A. Moore, $5000; George
W. Reed. $5000; the Purington heirs,
unknown amount; Emil Nusbaumer,
property valued at $25,000. ¦
The application of Horace W. Phllbrook
for tho guardianship of the Merritt chil
dren comts up for hearing next Tuesday.
This petition Is In line with an attack
which Phllbrook has made In general and
specific terms upon th» administration of
the Knowles trust. He has chaxged both
Fred and James Merritt with being men
tally Incompetent. He has gone Into
court with a petition to be declared
guardian of the Merritt children, and in
his charges to-day has Involved the
names of men who stand high In the
professional and financial world. Trus
tee Nusbaumer has had a copy of the
charges in his hands for several weeks,
and has pronounced them to be false in
every particular. He declares that they
will be met at every point, and he Is sat
isfied they will not hold In court.
Charges Filed by Him in
Amended Petition for
Guardianship.
PHILBKOOK SAYS
MERRITT HEIRS
WERE DEFRAUDED
Incorporated mining companies In the
United States paid over $40,000,000 in dli
dends during the first half of this calen
dar year. There are many companies not
Incorporated which made no reports, con
sequently $40,000,000 falls far below tho
actual aggregate of earnings. The show
ing for the mineral industry is certainly
very favorable.
A. Van der Nalllen writes from Paris
that next to the mineral exhibit of the
United States at the exposition comes that
of Russia, In native gold the latter dis
play comes far from equaling the dis
play of the United States: In all other
minerals it Is on a parity. The richness
of the Iron ores surpasses that of tho
American part of the show.
There are exhibits from the ledges of
Lapland— magnetite. The general collec
tion represents an area of country reach-
Ing to Persia and India and embraces min
erals of all sorts. Italy exhibits beautiful
marbles. France and Germany rank at
the mineral show next to America and
Russia. Their exhibits of precious ores
are ordinary, but they are very strong in
coal, iron, zinc, antimony and manganese.
Dr. J.-£)bly has written a very interest
ing article concerning ozokerite, which ap
pears In the Mining and Scientific Press.
He says that there are only two ozokerite
mines of any magnitude In the world, al
though claims of recent discoveries have
been made in different parts of the United
States. Ozokerite is especially valuable
on account of the parafnne wax and par
afflne oil contained in it In considerable
quantities. The principal deposits are in
Gallcla and in Utah. The mineral has
also been located In Moldavia, a
northern province of Roumanla, In
the vicinity of coal and rock salt.
Originally ozokerite was discovered In
Galicia by a prospector who was
searching for petroleum- It Is said by
authorities on the subject that as the
American ozokerite cannot be applied at
present to the manufacture of cera-
Ein, no method having as yet b<>en
devised for that purpose, Its utiliza
tion has been limited mostly to the
production of parafflne. parafflne oil
and okonlte. Besides these uses t
finds, however, application in the manu
facture of varnishes, heavy lubricants
and blacking, serving furthermore as a
welcome material for calking ships, so
that it commands a steady price in the
Eastern market. It Is quoted at present
In New York at 8 cents per pound for the
foreign article and at 6 cents for the do
mestic product, transportation from Utah
to the seaboard amounting to $27 per ton.
Deducting mining and refining expenses
and cost of transportation there remains
sufficient margin to render the working
of the deposits remunerative and to en
courage further prospecting for the min
eral These favorable conditions are. still
enhanced by the Imminent exhaustion
of the Boryslaw mines, already reported
from time to time, so that finally the
Utah deposit will represent the only
source from v nlch t0 su PP lv t ] ie 1 in " k ,1 t
unless new discoveries are made In Cal -
fornia. Utah or Colorado, for which Indi
cations are favorable. iii'ii
The geological formation of tne dan-
I*arg« Expectations Based Upon Geo
logical Survey in Alaska—Prog
ress of Development in
Various Localities.
Vast Sums of Money Paid in
Dividends to Owners of
Shares.
SIX MONTHS OF
MINING NETTED
FORTY MILLIONS
Presentations, Banquets and Dancing
Follow the Ceremonies of Obli
gation — Many New Officials
Selected.
•
, i
Last Monday night the following named
elected and appointed officers of Fidelity
Lrt>dge, I. O. O. F., were installed in pub
lic, there being present alarge number of
people in the tastefully decorated hall:
N. M. Peterson, past grand; \V. B. Curtis,
noble srand; \V. E. 'Welchnart. vice grand; C. V.
Philltpa, recording secretary; G. tjcliroeder, fin
ancial *ecretary; Chris Toft, treasurer; T. K.
Morte, right supporter to noble grand; M. T.
Creps. leit supporter to noble grand; U. K.
Meyerderks, rlgnt supporter to vice grand; J.
liirard. ieit supporter to vice grand; A. J.
fcStyche. conductor; Dr. C L- Zlegler. warden;
J. C. Jensen, inside guard; S. S. Nickerson, out
stde guard.
Tne installing officer was A. J. Styche,
D. D. <i. M., and tho grand marshal was
Past Grand Webb. Alter the installation
the lodge through the installing officer
presented a magnificent emblematic watch
1 charm to retiring Noble Grand Petersen,
, there was a piano recital by Miss Lena
Culver, a vocal solo by Miss A. Weich
hart. recitation by Miss M. Lassman and
dahcing till midnight.
Tamiilpais Camp, Woodmen cf the
World, had a puoiic installation of its of
ficers in the social hall of the Alcazar
bullain?,' last Monday night alter a short
business meeting during which seven can
didates were elected.
The hall was crowded -to its limit and
prior to the ceremony of installation those
who were able to gain admission into the
hall wore entertained with selections by
the Sliver Bell Combination Orchestra, a
tenor solo by F. Vaco; recitation. John
Daly; legerdemain. Miss Belle Living
ston: address on "Fraternalism," Dr. M.
U. Estes. and sun chimes. F. L. Miller.
Then followed the installation of the of
ficers by Head Adviser K. Fahy. There
was also dancing. The affair was under
the direction of Laurence Vincent, who
HCted as chairman cf the evening:. Dr. A.
L. Hill, Dr. M. B. Estes. R. B. Vellago
and R. F^hnemann.
The following named Chiefs of Seneca
Tribe No 101 of the Improved Order of
Red Men were raided up last " Monday
nipht by F. W. Kswell, D. D. G. S.:
James A. Devoto. 'prophet; II. Bredhoff, ea
chem; Richard Kinr. senior eagamore; Frank
de Cleer. Junior sagamore: \V. I". Wand, keeper
of records; Charles Gray, keeper of wampum.
After the Installation there was an ad
journment to a restaurant, where a sup
per was served ajid an enjoyable time
was had. James A. Devoto, the retiring
sachem, and the installing officer were
each presented a beautiful emblematic
jewel in recognition of the services ren
dered.
The following- named offlcers of El Do
rado Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden
West, were installed. last Thursday night
by Deputy Grand President Miller in the
parlor a hall:
W. J. Gulnnane. P. P.; E. E. Egan, P.; J. J.
Greyly, J. . C. Martin and George Suhr, vice
presidents; Rudolph Horber. T. ; John G. Joly,
R. S.; Frank A. Smith, F. S.: J. J. Regan,
M.; J. F. S»yden, trustee; Dr. \V. J. Ha-n-klns,
IJr. E. G. Krisble and Dr. J. Fleming, sur
geons; J. Broad, I. S.; D. McKibbon, O. S.;
L. D. Lltt'.e, D. D. Lowney and II. Cohen,
library trustees.
After the ceremonies a supper was
served in a cafe, and there speeches ¦were
made and the retiring president was pre
sented a jewel of the order indicative of
his rank. •
The following named officers of Schiller
Stamm No. 278, U. O. R. M.. were installed
in the hall of the stamm by Grand Sa
chem R. Landmann. assisted by a num
ber of the prominent members of the or
der:
E. Blerwith. chef; A. Meister, ober chef;
F. Richter. unter chef; J. Horn, bel chef; G.
Moeller. secretary F. Grohsmann, treasurer;
O. Simon, warrior; E. Hecht, inner guard; J.
Krumholz, outer guard; R. Bell. C. Herring
and G. Simon, trustees, and F. Schlbush, organ
ist.
After the Installation the stamm adopt
ed ton palefaces and received the applica
tions of six more. At the close of the
meeting the members formed in line, and
preceded by a band of music, marched to
a Market-street banquet hall, where they
were received in true Teutonic fashion by
Bei Chef J. Horn with:
Seld umschlungen Mllllonen
Kommt und seht den Stamra euch am,
Gro8*TS war noch nlcht gefunden,
Als Defender von Schiller Stamm. •
A genuine German feast folio-wed the
welcome and there was a supper with
songs and speeches between courses.
Washington Council No. 4 of the Young
Men's Institute has had the following
named officers Installed for the current
term:
John J. Bernhard. P.; D. J. Aher' and P. R.
•Ward, V Ve.; Charles J. Cain. F. S.; Victor
Parly. R. S-; J. F. Boland, C. C. : John JIc-
Laughlin. T. : Francis B. Kane. C. of E. C;
John Counlhan. I. S. : Henry Cuello. O. S. ; A.
Glover, M. V., M. E., and Rev. II. J. Giles,
chaplain.
District Deputy Grand Master A. G.
Clark on last Thursday night Installed
the officers of Terba Buena Lodge of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows for the
current term. They are:
D. Schioen, P. G. ; W. H. Brodt, N. G.; J.
A Ohlsen V. G.; T. C llartin. K. S. ; B. F.
Wellington. F. S.; L» E. James, T.; W. R.
Dorr C. ; W. P. Humphreys, Yl\; Charles
Staude R. S. to X. G. ; R. B. Moore, L. S. to
K. G. ; 'G \V. Longley. R. S. to V. G. ; E. Sker
rett. L. S. to V. G.; John T. eBal, L G.
Retiring Treasurer Crossett, who for ten
terms filled that office, was presented by
the members, but not as a lodge, a beau
tiful diamond-set locket 'and fob ribbon
in token of their esteem of him and in
j recognition of his services as an officer.
' District Deputy Grand Master James D.
Davis assisted by Major Jack Thompson,
on last Thursday night installed in joint
Fusion the officers of Golden West and
Pacific lodge*. The new offlcers of Golden
West Lodge are:
G. H. Andrews. K. G.; J. H. Thrane. V. G.;
E. K. noundtree. R. S.; XV. H. llaurell, F. b.:
F K Parker, T. : E. O. Gleason. C; J. F. Mc-
Carthy W • G. W. Ferner, R.; W. Ross. U S.
to N G.; YV. W. Whitney, I. G., and R. H.
Ellis." O. G.
The officers of Pacific Lodge are the fol
lowing named:
F. D. Ashworth. J. P. O.; F. P. Ashworth..
Jf G • F. E. Graupner, V. G.; Frank D. Mac
! beth. R. S .: O. C. Morrell. F. S.; M. E. Hotch
kiss. T. ; George T. Shaw Jr. C; F. M. Car
»on. TV.: Alexander E. Sutherland R. and C.
E. Fteenberg. L. S. to N. G.; A. W. Meineck
er R.. and E. V. Culver, L. S. to \. G. ; W.
H. Cant. I., and George Putney, O. O.
i The ceremonies were followed by a col-'
lation and addresses by J. \\ . Harrjs, P.
G P.; W. A. S. Nicholson, P. N. G., b. G.
i Whitney and J. P. Whitney.
District Deputy Grand President Mrs.
Eola M Cyrus installed the offlcers of
I^oval Rebekah Lodge in public last Mon
day night, being assisted by Mrs. Alma
Jensen as conductor. The lodgeroora was
prettily decorated with flowers and the
American colors and tha attendance of
members and visiting; strahgers was large.
! The officers for the curreift term are:
Miss Margery Jennings, J. P. G.: Miss Emma
Drauer. X. G.; Fannie l>anlels. V. G. : Jennie
Wricht. R. S. ; Tessle Schmidt. • F. S. ; Ella
Bourn*, T. ; Eoloa M. Cyrus. II. and Sophie
! Decker. L. S. to N. G.; Mollie MacColllster. R..
I and Lottie Goft. L. a to V. G.; Ruby Jewell.
j chap.; Ada Laurance, C. : Laura James, W. ;
I Florence Walso. R. A. S. ; Thjrza Crossman.
! L. A S.; Ella Campbell,' I. G. : H. Wright,
O. G.'
Jennie Wright, on behalf of the lodge,
presented Miss Margery Jennings, the re
tiring noble grand, a beautiful collar of
her rank in appreciation of the excellent
work she did during her term in the chair
as presiding ofllcer. Miss Jennings then
on behalf of the lodge presented a basket
of roses to the installing officer. A dance
followed the ceremony.
The following named officers of Loyal
Circle No. 179 of the Companions of the
Forest on last Monday night were In
stalled for the current term by Mrs. Tack
ley. D. D. G. S. C. C. in the presence of
Mrs. E. Falconer, G. S. C. C; Mrs. Va
lenti, S. G. H.; John Falconer, P. 8. G. C.
C, and many visitors. .' "^ ¦
Mrs. E. H. Zelslng. C. C; Mlsa M. Bailey, S.
C. C: Mrs. M. Large. T. : Mrs. E. Conway, F.
8.; Mrs. M. Senne, R. S.: Miss A. Smith, R,,
and Miss L. Etorer, L. G.; Mrs. Maxwell, L,
and Mn. K. Storer, O. G.; Miss Twltchell,
organist.
The ceremony was followed by the pre
sentation of an emblematic gold badge to
New Officers Inducted Into
Stations by Various
Grand Deputies.
INSTALLATION
AND ELECTION
BY SOCIETIES
The Geological Survey, in making prepa- |
rations for its exploration in 1901. has de
cided upon a reconnoissance of Koyukuk
River to the Arctic Ocean. The head
.waters of the Kovukuk River north of the
Arctic circle were partially explored by a
party under Mr. SchTiOer in the season
of 1S99. Between the Koyukuk and the
shores of the Arctic Ocean there Is a dis
trict of which little is known and to which
explorations should be extended.
The usual exploitation of ore bodies has
been carried on In accordance with rules
which the experience of the individual has
pointed out, according to Charles R. Keyes
in the Engineering and Mining Journal.
Where an operator, untrained In scientific
earth lore, begins mining In an unde
veloped district his method of attacking
the various problems presented is likely to
be based on observations made elsewhere.
He may hit upon the right nlan at once,
but the chances are ten to one that he will
not. Only after repeated trials and many
failures and much useless expenditure of
time does he finally get satisfactory re
sults. On the other hand, says Mr. Keyes,
when a specially trained geologist under
takes to make an investigation of a min
ing property he first gets all his bearings
with regard to the geological structure of
the region and the distribution of the rock
formations. Thus he eliminates many
chances of failure before he begins opera
tions.
Mr. Keyes attempts to classify ore de
posits, and some points are taken from his
generalization, a^ follows:
The chief feature wherein the classlflcatory
scheme presented differs from others is in the
prominence given to geological occurrence and
the direct operation of the geological processes
as essential factors in the genesis of the ore
"The"' nearest possible approach to a purely
genetic classification of ore deposits Is believed
to be found in their geological relationships,
and not in their direct chemical formation or
physical shapes.
The chemical reactions so widely used a?
criteria of ore classification are to be regarded
as general agencies, and therefore they are not
available In the specific determinations of the
croups of ore bodies.
In the discovery and exploitation of ores
structure Is of first Importance; not so much
the structure of the Individual ore body itself
as the geological structure of tho enclosing
country rocks.
The primary groupings appear to be best lndl-,
cated when based upon the geological occur-
Upon the recommendation of the director
of the Geological Survey the Secretary of
the Interior has authorized the organiza
tion of a third party, which will consist
of W. J. Peters, topographer, and W. C.
Mendenhall, geologist, with a sufficient
number of camp hands and canoes for a
topographic and geologic reconnoissance
of the Cape Nome belt. This party will
be conveyed by the Coast Survey steamer
to Good Hope Bay, where it will be land
ed, and proceed to the northeastern por
tion of Seward Peninsula, returning
across the' neck of the peninsula by Buck
land River to Norton Bay.
In co-operation with the Coast and Geo
detic Survey It has been arranged that
Mr. Barnard's party shall complete the
triangulatlon between »Golofnin Bay and
Port Clarence.
Great expectations are entertained in
Alaska concerning the extensive geolog
ical surveys to be made this year. The
principal survey will be in the Nome dis
trict and will extend from Fish River to
Cape Nome and Port Clarence, and will
also Include a reconnoissance of the Cape
York district. The Alaska Record-Miner
of June 16 says that according to the best
information available, surveys intended to
define the extent of the gold-bearing area
in the southern portion of the Seward pe
ninsula, between Cape Nome and Fish
River, should cover an area between 3000
and 4000 square miles in extent. For this
survey two parties will be organized — one
topographic and the other geologic. The
topographic party will be placed in charge
of E. C. Barnard, with one assistant to
pographer and a sufficient number of
camp hands to permit of distinct opera
tions in the field by two offlcers. This
Is necessary in order to cover the re
quired area in a given time. The survey
is made on the scale of four miles to the
Inch, with sketch contours In a manner
similar to that executed by Mr. Barnard
in the Forty-Mile district in the summer
of 1898.
clan deposit Is characterized by the pres
ence of clay, salt and sandstone, which in
connection with the occurrence of petro
leum represent the ideal conditions under
which the existence of ozokerite becomes
probable. Broken rock strata and saddle
formations are considered, furthermore,
as indications favorable to the presence of
the mineral. Judging largely from the
character of the two localities In which
ozokerite deposits of any magnitude have
been found.
.7. Rose, past commander; J. A. Boyer, com
mander: Dr. I.ouIk . Gross, lieutenant com
mander: P. V. Llgda. record keeper: T. D. Da
vis, finance keeper; T. XV. McDonald, chaplain;
A. Spence. sergeant; J. Roberts, master-at
arms; J. B. Crall, first master of guards: J. F.
Mahoney. second master of guards: J. Kashe
vlnkoff, 'sentinel*" J. J. Brady, picket.
Pacific Tent of the Knights of the Mac
abees has elected the following named
officers for the ensuing term:
Miss Mae McRea. P.: Miss Anna Gruber. Miss
Ufttie Hurk* and Miss Henrietta Kramer. .V.
P.'s: Ml3« Marguerite Lyons, R. S. : Miss 15m
ma G. Foley. F. S.: Miss Ilulda Anderson, T.^
Miss Nora Foley. Mrs. K. Rrltschgl, I., and*
Mrs. Iy>na B. Mills. I. S. ; Miss Nora O'Con
nell, Mfis Birdie Mayer and Miss Sophie Non
man, trustees: Mlws Clara Evers. organist: Dr.
Rmma C. Lafontalne and Dr. W. J. Hawkins,
physicians.
The following named have been elected
offlcers of Orinda Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West: *
Mrs. M. Morrison. J. P. C. C: Miss Ella
Wunderlich. C. C. ; Mrs. Alice Currier. 6. C. C. ;
S. \V. Corwln. T. ; Mrs. F. N. Morrow. F. S.;
A. Morrow. R. S.; Miss Ethel Forrest. I. G.;
Mrs. b. B Walters, It., and Miss Pearl Allen,
L. G.
The officers of Fideltty Circle No. 203
of the Companions of the Forest were also
installed last Monday night by Mrs. Fer
nandez. D. D. S. G. C. C, of Justice Cir
cle, assisted by several of the supreme
grand officers. They are:
Mrs. Croal, the Junior past chief com
panion, and two magnificent bouquets. to
the new chief, Mrs. Zelslng, and then
there was an adjournment to the banquet
room, where supper ¦was served, John Fal
coner acting as, toastmaster.
The Sonora Union-Democrat says that
preparations are being made on a large
scale at the Goodwin mine: also that the
Yosemlte Mining Company will have
water on its gravel claims in the Gravel
Range district soon. Another plant has
been completed at the Black Oak to treat
sulphurets.
The Redding Searchlight says that Jo
seph A. Kahny and Dr. F. M. Archer
have purchased two odd sections from the
railroad company near Redding, and be
lieve that they have secured a tin mine.
A cattleman riding on a range picked up
a queer specimen of ore. took it to Red
ding and gave it . to Dr. Archer. Then
Kahny and Archer hunted until they
found what they believe to be a tin de
posit. They have sent samples of the ore
to an assayer.
Phil Keefe of Sonora and his associates
In San Francisco have bonded the Saddle
Buttes, In Tuolumne County. Active op
erations have been resumed at the Good
win mine. Drifting north and south is
progressing at the Ida Dell.
The owners of the Golden Eagle mine at
Jenny Lind, Calaveras County, are report
ed to have made a rich strike. The Ozark
mine, between Murphys and Angels, may
soon be In operation. Stock will be of
fered to raise money. A part of 50.000 feet
of timber ordered for the Commodore
mine, to be used In the shaft as sinking
progresses, has arrived. There Is a lull
in mining activity in the vicinity of Jesus
Maria.
At least $20,000 will be expended at once
on the Fremont and Gover mines. The
new shaft of the Fremont Is down a little
over 300 feet. At a certain depth, not yet
decided upon, crosscuttlng will be done
from the shaft to the vein. The old Gover
shaft will be emptied of water and re
timbered and a sixty-stamp mill will be
erected midway between the Gover and
Fremont. In the Amador Queen No. 1.
at Jackson, Superintendent Dye is fixing
up additional stamps and concentrates,
and Is making preparations for stoplng at
the C00 level.
News comes from Amador as follows
A 1200-foot flume has been erected to
operate the Pay Streak mine on the east
side of Humbug- Canyon, about one mile
above the Dorer settlement. A crew of
men is working the Pleasant and Amer
ican Ear River mine, on the middle fork
of the American River, below Michigan
BlufT. J. L. Grimes has*become the su
perintendent of the Bellevue Consolidated
quartz mine at Ophlr. The three-stamp
mill at the Rawhide mine, on Texas
Ridge, is running steadily. Eighteen men
are employed at the Prairie Flower
quartz mill at Canada Hill.
The source of the ore materials is an unes
sential factor in their classlllcation. The great
practical question is, how are ores best ex
ploited? In this connection it matters little
what was the original condition of the ores.
Nor have we to do very much with the de
tailed, complex and usually theoretical chemi
cal reactions that are supposed to take place
before the final stage of the ores as we find
them !s reached.
Very similarly appearing ore bodle« may be
formed by very dltTerent method?: a fact, while
apparent In all classifications, does not neces
sarily vitiate any.
The Yfjka Journal says that the Amer
ican Bar Company has started another
wing dam at their claim /on Klamath
River, below Ash Creek. The Gladstone
mine at French Gulch has been purchased
by Roberts. Jillson & Mclntosh and it will
'soon bfe reopened on a large scale. The
snow on the mountain summits has near
ly disappeared. The Commonwealth mine
has been leased for a term of years from
a San Francisco company. A new com
pany has been organized to operate a
mine on Scott Mountain, In Sisklyou
County, near the Shasta and Sl.skiyou
County lines.
Some notes from Placer County are as
follows:
rence of the ore bodies, as governed by the
kind of geological processes operating.
The secondary groupings are best based upon
the general form of the ere bodies as eeolo
elcal formations produced by the grander cate^
gortes of the geological agencies.
The ternary groupings are best based upon the
specific phases of the geological processes in
volved in the formation of ores as ore bodies.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 8, 1900.
38
NEW WnSTEHN HOTEI*
GRAND HOTEI*
PALACE HOTEL.
caKnraaBn pavivio cwwpjlA
(r«oirio "T-rrtw.)
Trmtsn ¦•*«• •»«..« *** •«""• *• •»»»«»• ••
MAN rilAKVMl'O.
{Uain Line. Foot of Market Street,)
lkat» - nto»i mat ix iwa - AMtrra
•7:OOa Denidm. Siitanu, EUnlx*. V»c»TtU*.
Rnmsey and a»cr»u»en»o "7i«W
•;mu t Shuu Ezoress-OaTis. W Ullams (fot
Bartlett Sptlocs). Willows, Uwl
Bluff. Fortli.nd... ............... •»»<»»
•7i8Oa M»rtli.e».S«iiK«tno«.V»lleJo.A»P^
O»li»«>»» »n.l »»nt» Itosa •»!!»*
•»jO«a DatU. Woodland. KulghU Landlnf.
Mw»»ille. urotllle '™**
•d.OO. Atlantic K*pre»s- <J«d«» »»<» •'art •»!«««
•»¦»«* H*>i J»«». Uternior*. Htacklon.
lone. H%CT»mmi«o. PUeertUle,
M»r«s?Ut*. Chleo. ICed Itliilt »«il»»
•a>30A Oakdai*. Chines* (for YosemttsX M||Sr
•<I:OO. IU;»r.li. Nilm »*nd' W»V 8t»tk>'n«. a ll>4)3*
•U:<>«* Urn Angtles £«pre»» — Martliias.
Tracy. Lathroy. ntockton, Meroed
•O:ao* V*Heli^^S«UDei'aiMi"Waf"KUttaaV ••i*3l>
•IO:O»» The OverUiMl Llinlted-Ogdeo. D»a-
tor. Ou.»ha. Chlcfo •Oijar
•11:00* NUcs. JJ.eriiiOfe. S lock ton, 8a«rsr
mm'- MtNidcia. lUnfnrd. Vlsalls,
}>ort«.rfil]« *'".'
•I1:«OM lUywuila. NHes and Way SUtloui. »a»4.1r
|l:O»r(i«i»iM»tal!lT«»n.i»«« t»:Oi»»
•3:O«»p ll«jw»r(lj, Ni»*« »ml Wi» SUtloni. •»!<.¦»»
•4:»»r MartluD*. Man lUmu-i. V.llejo.
N4i>», O«H«i«k». Mania Itoia «1»il»4
•IiOOp Uenlcia. Winter*. Haeramaqto.
Woodland. KnlKhU LaadiJc
M«ry.t;:i«. O,.,,lllo •••!-••*
•4i8'»p Nile*. Sao Ji>» »ml MKwiitoo •7il»»
•3i»«rTb« Owl Ijmtted— Tracy, Fresno,
IUVrr.fl«!.i, Saii(us far S»nU U»r-
bar*. l-s AnMlea. •»!*»*
•3i«Or Fresno Prnjueoger— Mmrtjnea. tath-
rop. 8tocliton. Mtweetl, BerenO*
(lujmonl for Yosemlte). rrowo.. •l»il»»
•SiSOrMmr Meant Eipress-lt»kersft«l<l.
Hunt. Uarhar*. !.<.•• Angele*. l^oi;
Inc. El ruo. M«w Orleans and
Kaat .- *Si*»»
•3i»»rn»i,u r» IIoh'b— AiUullo Eiprwt •
for Mo]»te aiul Ka.it *«i«3»
•CiOftp naywKrds. Xiles and rtan Jut *7>4«4
(A:O«r Vallejo •l*«l»#
•AtUUr Oriental Mall— OgJon. Cbeyenoa.
Until*, flilcmjo *llr»»*
•«iC«r Oriental Mall— Ofdan, Denter,
Omaha, Chicago. MtlSr
J7i»0r Vallrjii, Port Cloita and Way 8U-
tlofia twiSSv
•liOtr Otegon and CaitrnrnU Ripram.Ma*'
otn>«Ht4>. Marintill*. K..l.ll«i.
l'..ftU».l. l-iift S.I.....1 mii! !>¦» *•<!»%
COAST IHVIMO.-S (.larrniT tUmfi.
(Ko»i» r,f llirkft -Street.*
?3*4Ba t)»nta Crnz Kxcurtlou for Hant*
Crux and l"rin.iip«l Way Stations I^i**r
•til Si Nswark.UrntMtilltr.Ssit .lose. Ki-lton.
Boulder C'rrek.UantaOiux and Way
SUtlons •6:a«f
tS'lSP N«r«k. O»"t«f tlll-5. fi»n Joa«. New
Aim* I«u. rnlton. KuuMer Cr«*k.
Santa Vttn and I'tlndp*! Way
bUUons I •¦»»••
•liLV Nsirark, Mao Jots. Los Gatos •S>-1«4
«4il0p Olenwood. Foltoo. Ban«s> Cms t niim^
CREEK ROUTE E£RRY.
rrsssSlH MISCISCO— n«t »r Harktl Su.it (S!i» J) —
•7:15 »:00 11:00*. U. 11:03 *303 13:08
•«:C0 tS:03 •8:jar.n.
rr»0UHID- r g ,t ••gr.»d« > f.— *fl:00 8.00 10:00 *.«.
113:00 "1:C3 tt-ZZ *3:C3 H:C8 '8:03 rjt.
COAST l>msi()N (RroadUaage).
(Third mid TO'tnaet.il Sts.)
t«il*A Ocean View. South **n Frin.-loco.. t«i«**
t7«O<»A H*n .loi. »...» Way Statlona (Now
Almadeit Wedneadajs «»ty) •!»••»
|7iS** Sunday Eicursion for Han Jom,
Bant* Cnz, Pacific GroTs and
Principal Way Stations..... t>tSSV
•tttOi Han Jnaa. Trim 1'lntm. H»nt» Cms,
PaeiKc Urnt«. Vuft llokiei. 3»o
I.mU Olilnixt, fciirf. Lompoo and
l'rindpal Way 8t«tloii* *«ll«*
•lOilOa Baa Joss an.l Way SUtlons *«tXi4
*IIiSOa ManJoae.LoaGatosondWarSUtlons a 3iSOI>
t*t«ap San M»t-o. Hedwoml. Manlo P»r*.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Tres Plsos. Santa Crm. Bslloas,
lioourer snd 1'aeltic <<rov« llAlXfl*
ftiSftp Raa Jos* and Way Stations ._ *7i3«p
flilSp San Jom an.l Principal Way Stations *9i45*
?»:OOpS»ii Jose. Loa Gatoa and Principal
Way SUtioos t«:Ov*
*3>3«p Sao Jos* and Principal Way Stations fitf.i*.
•8i:t»p 8tn Jom tml Way .Stations flirtn*
flli4Sp San Joa»an.l Way Mtatloas »7iS>p
A for Mornlnc F tor Aftamoon.
'Dally. t Sunday eieepted. , I Saaday o»!».
• Saturday only. I
¦aWtardaj and Bwnday. « anndal tai
CAlilORNU NORTQ¥BSTEBN EL Ca
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Titmron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEKK DATS— 7:30. »M. 11:00 a. m.: I2.-JS.
S:SO. 5:10. «:30 p. m. ThTir«<Say»— Extra. trl»
at 11:30 d. m. SaturCays— Extra trips at l:W
and 11:30 d. m.
EUNDAT3-S:00. 9:». U:00 a. a.: I:J0. t:3t,
l:(*. C:20 b. m.
SAN RAFAia. TO BAN FRANCISCO.
¦WEKK DATS— 6:10, 7:50, »:20, U:10 a. in-: lft«,
1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturday »-Extia trip* at
1:55 and 1:33 p, in. . ,.
BUNDATS— «:10. J:«. 11:10 •- «.: 1:40. !:*»?
5:05 S:25 p m.
Between San yrmaclwso ana Scl>aat»«n Ttetf
•ami scbedul* as abor^.
' l>*v« I In Effect. I ArrtT»
Ban Franclsotx (Apr- 900 ' B * n ****<***> m
• Week I Sun- I I Bun- I* ve"e#*
j Days. ( days. | Destination.] «I»y- I Days.
"7:30 am 8^0 om • Novato. 10 :« ami 1:10 am
•l:S0pm »:30am PeUluma. «:06 pm 10:» an»
»:» pm 5:00 pm Santa Roa-a. 7:35 pml •:» pin
Fulton.
T^0 am Windsor. 10:3 ua
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
-- ••:• * ¦ Oeyserrllle.
8:80 ptn «:60 am Clgr-erdale. 7:Spa 8:» po»
TMlml I Hoptand I 110:25 ant
I:SO pm| 1:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 jm\ t:20 pm>
7*30 am 10:25 aaa
SKWam GuenKtllle. 7:55 pm
1:30 pm <:I0 pm
7:30 ami 1:00 am Sonoma ) 9:15 am 5:40 »ta
1 * and i
B:13 ptnl 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. [ 8:05 pm «:» pm
7:»)ani| »:0Oam| 110:40 am'10:r> an
S:ZO pml S:00 pm| Scbastcpol. [ 7:SS p m [ >:» ptn
Stairea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weat
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna,: at Lytton. for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyserville for Skagxs Sprlnrs: nt Clorerdal»
for the apysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprlrjrs. Highland Sprlnprs. KeUeyvtlle Carls-
bad Sprlnss. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprlns»: at ITklikii Tor Vichy Sprlnn. Baratoza,
Fprln^s. Bine L *te». Laurel Dell Lone Wltte*
Sr-insrs. Upppr Lake. Porno. Potter ValW
Jonn Day's. Riverside. LWleVg, BnekBcll'a*
Ranhw* in Heights. RallTluV. Orr 1 , i'|
Sprinsts. Mendoclno City. Port Braci "VTe«t-
port. Uaal. WlllSta. Laytonnil.. Oammfni
Bell s Sprinra. Harris, Olscn's. Dyer &?otla
and Kureka. * HVUll »
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates. ,~v.»»» "
On Scn<1ny round trip tickets to all noini.
bevotid San Rafaal at half rates. Point*
Ticket office*. CO Market st. ChrontcU »>m»
H. C. W1IITINO. r. x PTAV
General Manager. Ctn. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via San«m* «•»....
WEEK DATS..9:30 a. m ws? n J °,^ rri:
SUNDAYS... .8. 9. 10. 11 a m f.^ \h »• ¦•
Fare San Francisco to a«nin!t ind HtiimSi 55"
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAffyowSfe^
Weekly CalU$1^00W Year
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commenctnr April M. ISO*.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAU.ET
, A>!D SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. -8:30, »:30. H:00 m. -m.1
12M3. '1:43. 8:15, 4:15. •5:13. 6:15. 6:40 n. m
EXTRA TKIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:0O and 11:25 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 7:00. «S:CO. «10:0O. 11:00 11-30
a. m.; 12:45. U:30. 2:30. »J:45. 6:00, «:00, 1:U
p. m.
ll:C0 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PATS— 5:35. '6:30. 7:50. »:40 •!»•« a.
m.; 12:30. 1:15. 2:13. 4:30. 6: 3# p. m
EXTRA,- TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at »S:43 and 10:20 p. m
BUNDATS- 6:15. «S:00. »9:S0. •ll:0olu ni.- •«:<>•
za.V l:C0. I:U. «3:30. 4:S0. •5:43. «:45, 7:30. 10:2»
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEKK DATS— 6:S3. 6:45.^8:00. S:55. 10:i0 a.
m.: 1?:33. 1:43. 2M5. 3:30. 4:30. 6:20 r>. rn.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:10 p. nu
BUNDATS— fcfc. 8:C5. 10:03. 11:10 a. m.; 11:11
1:20. 2:!0. J:43. 4:55, f.ia. 7:03. 10:30 p. m. -
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week daya — Cazadera and way sta-
tions. . T
S:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way na-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyea and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
15:15 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
CHEAF
EXCURSION RATES
TO THE EAST.
On July 12 and 20, and August 4th, tickets
from Denver, Colorado Springs. Pueblo to Cchi-
cago, St. Louis and Intermediate points, and re-
turn,, will be sold by the
GREAT
ROCK ISLAND
TROTTTK *
One Regular Fare Plus $2-00 tor Round Trip.
Return Limit October 31, 1900.
SPECIAL TRAINS.
ONE NIGHT OUT TO CHICAGO. Tickets also
good on regular trains.
ONLY DIRECT LIME FROA1 COLORADO
(SPRINGS AND MAMTOU.
Take advantage ot these cheap rates and
spend your vacation In your old homes. Sleep-
Ing Car Reservations may be made now for any
of the excursions. Write for full Information
CLINTON JONES. G. A.. San Francisco. Cal.
kE. XV. THOMPSON.. A. G. P. A.. Topeka. Kan.
ft JOHN SEBASTIAN. G. P. A.. Chicago.
628 Market Street and Ferry Depot.
941 OS
GrO % TO*
Antlocli — 9AM 4:10PM 8PM
Bakersfield. .9 AM .8 PM
Chicago — SAM
Denver 9 AM
Fresno 9 AM 8 PM
Hantord..-. 9 AM 8 PM
Jallet 9 AM
Kansas City ..9AM
Leavenworth-S AM
Merced 9AM - 8PM
Newton.... 9 AM
Phoenix.... 9 AM
Stockton — 9AM 4:10 PM 8pm
Tulare 9 AM 8 PM
Visalia 9AM 8PM
Williams.... 9^M
A New Route.
Santa Fe
Trains
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
TWO=rS=TRAINS
Knickerbocker.
QmprJ^l Noonday '
( NEW YORK.
ST. LOUIS to ] ESppSlo.
( CINCINNATI.
Via B*£ Four Route and
New YorK Central Railway..
»O TUNNEL. AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FERRY AT NEW YORK.
STOP AT NIACAHA FALLS.
White~City
JpeC13l From
, CINCINNATI.
( WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO to ) BAUT.MORE. w _
x NEW YORK-
Via Big Four Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE.
Pacific Coast Agent.
BAILBOAD TBAVEI*.
C7"The funeral will take rlace to-morrow
< Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
tb^ parorits. 2.V 2 I^ifayette street. Interment
Iliiy Qon <Vmeter> - .
C^r Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tfr.'l the funeral this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from the parlors of N. Gray & Co..
fi\ Sacramento street. Interment Laurel Hill
<"Vmet«T>\
Sl'LLIVAN— In this city. July 7. 19^0. Cath-
erine Ir-'nc. daughter of Patrick and Aggie
Sullivan, a r.ative of fan Francisco, aged 6
months ar.d 14 days.
C^rFriends an«i acquaintances are respect-
fully ir.vited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Monday), at 2 o'clock, fr^m the residence
of her parents, 250 Fillmore street, between
Waller and Haight. Interment I. O. O. F.
OaoeUtry.
PEKKINS— In Colorado. April — . 1SO0. A. Jud-
pc-n Pevtdtta, beloved husband of Jenny E.
Perkins, and father of Alfred J.. Florence H.
and Ivy M. I'erkins, a native of St. Charles,
111., eced Cl years. • •
POWELL— In Oakland. July 7. 1300. Jacob
Henry Powell, hrnther of Edward and Mary
Powell, Mrs. Frank Green and Sister Mary
Ama:i'"a of the Convent of -the 8acred Heart,
a native of County Galway. Ireland, aged 43
vear>.
CyFrifndf and nequaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten-i the funeral Tuesday,
July 14, at S:3? o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of James IfcMantM, Seventh and Castro
ftreets. therice to tha Church of the Immacu-
late <~oncej!tion. where a sol~mn requiem mass
¦will liv> celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 3 o'clock. Interment St.
Mery'p Ornrtery. Please emit flowers.
eOLOMON-In this city. July 7. 1S0O. Dorothy
H'-fsalie Solomoa. infant child of B. M. and
Mildred E. Snlnmon, a native of San Fran-
clfc". ared 19 days.
t^7"ir.t»-rricTit private.
6TAN«'iVICH— In this city, July 5. 1M0. Ella
M-. beloved wife of Robert J. Stanovich. els-
ter of Mrs. Louis Heitr. Mrs. W. H. Monroe.
C. G. Davis ar.d Mrs. G. P. Pakin of Calls-
tuca. and mother of Mrs. J. J. Mansfield, a
native of C-ilistcga, Cal., aped SS years.
C 7" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<S•Jhc!a^». at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors nf
the California Undertaking Company, 405
J'owell ttroet. near Post. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemoter>'.
JCf'WLIX— 2n this city. July 7. 1900. at the resi-
dence of her carents. :iO Fillmore street.
Huth. beloved daughter of Thomas W. and
Ecxnta F. Xowlin. a native of San Francisco,
are<l s years 3 months and S days.
Ev^Frienils and acjuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sntt4ayi. at 1:30 o'clock, from th* parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 40i
Powell street, near Post. Infrermer.t Cypress
Lawn Ce:n?tery.
|IITCHELK<— la Colma, Ju!y 4, 1SO\ Ellrabeth.
beloved wife of William Mitchell, and step-
But!:tr of t=jrah E. iJeal and Rudolph. Wil-
liam. Henry and the iate L'avid and Rose K.
Mitchell, a native cf New York, aged 42
jeart.
C7 Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:3C> o'clock, from her late resi-
dence II O^l'ilngwood street, between Seven-
teenth anS Klghteenth. and thence to the Odd
Fellows' Crematorium, where the remains will
lie incinerated.
MINTON— At the French Hospital, July 6, 1900.
Fe'.ice L.. beloved wife of William M. Mln-
tr-n of Honolulu, and mother of \Vlll!*m M.
Minton Jr.. ;. c -«-<3 2S years 7 months and 24
diys. (Honolulu, New York. Chicago and
N. sr Origans rar-ers ilease copy.)
Cj^Intcrnient ;irivate in Mountain View
C^in^t. r> . Oakland, this day (Sunday), at 3
o'clock.
UTTCHFTX— IP Colrr.a. July 4. 1W0, David,
beloved son of William Mitchell, and brother
ot £arah B. 3^al and Rudoirh. William.
Henry and Hose E. Mitchell, a. native of San
Francisco. a~ed 22 years.
r3"Fri''n<2s! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t» ntu-nd th<? funeral tibia day
i^;:r.uay) al 11 o'clock, from Masonic Hall.
I. <> <>. F. buiMinc. Matfo. under the
•vapioea of rUywsrda Jy.<ls<* No. ESC P. and
A M. Inn-r:nent Ovnress Lawn Cemetery.
FrieadJ from city take 11:58 o'clock train
'¦- m T!.:r<! and Townsi-nd streets to ceme-
tery.
MABXEBEBO— la S.-.nta Ana. Ca!.. July 4.
IHijO, Emile Markeberg. beloved husband of
KcUte Markeberg. and son-in-law of Mrs. H.
W. Cald.Twoud, a native of Germany, aged L'3
years.
C3Tr!PTi(]8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. :.:± Sfcrader street. Interment Masonic
Cemeter;-.
SIH-I-Kn— In th:« city. July 6. 1S00, Eertha.
dearly beloved wi'e cf Charlet H. Miller, a
r.ative of Llenin. Germany, aged 45 years 2
months and 11 days.
Heriihv of Oakland, a native of County
K<*rry. Ireland, aged 2S years.
tT7Trien"'.s ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sundar). at 1:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parVirs of J. JIcMacus, Seventh and Cas-
tro EtKCts. <Jaklar.J. A solemn requiem hlgn
max* w-i!I l<» celfurat«d for the repose or her
soul to-morrow <Mondav>, at 9 o'clock, at fct.
Patrick's Church. Oakland.
KVNK— In this rity. July T. MOO. John, be-
loved hU5bm.d c>: Ellen Kyne. and father or
K"*<\ <!<-crg<\ Jchn. William. Thomas and
Ellen Kyne. a native of County Galway. ire-
lend. a;*<l <S years.
C^TRerr.alns at the parlor* of J. C. oun-
rv,r A- <¦¦>.. TC; Mission street. Notice of fu-
n<rnl hrreaft^r.
LAYNG-In this city. July 7, 100n. John, be-
IovpJ husband of .^arnh I^ayng, and fatner or
Joba K-. WiKia.-n «;.. rharl*>s li.. Robert J.
and Ht-nry <J. Layns. a E«-J I* years 2 months
and h daPL
ETFHendi ond acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to bttenJ the funeral to-morrow
tUcndav) at 2 o'clock, from his lat*- resi-
dence, ui Fell strict. Interment Cypress
IyB\vn OeBKtery. by electric car.
LINIVAY-I:i San Mat^o. July 5. 1900. Thomas
Lindsay. lieloveJ hufband «.? Mary J. Lind-
say, a native of Ireland, aged 41 years and 11
mon'h".
IThe foot-warmer -In winter Is a charac-
teristic feature of the cabs, trams- and
'buses In Paris.Chicago Livestock Market
CHICAGO, July 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200
NEW TORX, July. 7.— The New York Flnan-
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
- Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent,
NOTE— The hl«h-and low waters occur at
th* city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
Associated Banks' Statement.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
i LIVERPOOL.
¦VTheat— July. Bept.
Opening * * 6 «
Closing • ? -64
PARIS.
"Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening M <S 21 fcv
Closing 20 60 21 75
Fioyr—
Opening 27 V> 23 $5
Closing 27 60 23 75
Foreign Futures.
General Merchandise,
. w. B. Bumner & Ca say of the hide market:
"The wet salted hide market shows no improve
ment; dealers find difficulty in making sales
and itocks are accumulating. Dry hides and
skins have declined lc per pound and are slow
of sale Horse hldea are dull at lower prices
and in poor demand. Owing to large receipts
from foreign points deerskins are plentiful and
selling slowly; goatskins sell readily. Wool
continues dull and depressed and very few
sales are reported."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
3V4c: medium. S%69e: light. S^o; Cowhides.
8Hc- Stags. «c; Salted Kip. 8>*c: Calf. SHc; Dry
Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands. lSc: Dry
Kip 15e; Dry Calt, 16c; Sheepskins, Shear-
HnKS 20030c each: short Wool, 30J?50c each:
medium. 60®3Oc: long Wool,. 90c©$l 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt. *2g2 25 for large. $1 75 for
medium. II for small and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides dry. $1 B0 ior Iar 8'e. |1 25 for medium. II
for small and 25J?30c for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins. 35c ; fall or medium
skins,' 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras. 7ac; large and smooth,
60c; -medium. 25c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
Sc: refined, S^c: grease. 2@2»4c.
WOOL — Spring clip is • quotable as follows:
Northern free. 15® 16c: Northern defective, 13®
15c; Middle County, free, 15@17c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 13gl5c; Southern Mountain. 12
months', 12613c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
monthB',- 11013c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 10<912c: Humboldt and Mendoclno.
17(S19c: Nevada. ,14®17c per lb. , *;
HOPS— Nominal at 5®10c per lb; new, jgiOo.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions and
the market rules Very firm.
BEEF— 6®6^4c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, *814O9Hc;. small. 8%610Hc per
pound. ,
MUTTON- Wethers, 7'.<gSVJc; ewes, 'WVfyt
per lb. - .
LAMB— Spring. 8%i&9c per lb. ¦
PORK— Live Hogs. 6®6Vic for email. 5%^3%c
for medium and G'-iQSHc for large; stock Hogs
and feeders. J>V4c; dressed Hogs, £89c.
CHICAGO. July 7.— When the Wheat market
started to-day's business among other things
in consideration were Kood rains in th« Norfh
w<?st. Ab to whether thepe rains would rescus
the perishing crop in the portions of that
section where the Spring Wheat Is not al
ready numbered with the dead was a matter
of controversy. The opinion that lt did some
pood caused a considerable drop at the open
ing, which was at 73->4tr79%c for August. In
the meanwhile Liverpool was resting after a
day's work *i@ld over the previous session,
and later there appeared statistics showing a
Email batch of recelpts_ at the big markets.
The trade changed its views for a moment
after digesting the situation and ambled up
to S<Hic That was as high as the market got.
The rains, together with some messages of a
cheerful sort from the Spring Wheat country,
animated the trade into selling of various
sorts and under this pressure August slid off
to 7&Uc. An English cable prophesying smaller
world's shipments would be shown In Mon
day's report, together with a lighter South
weytern movment. as shown by receipts,
caused a reaction from the bottom to 7S T «c, but
some of this was lost and the clos» was ea*y,
August closing J 4'3?ic undrr yesterday at TS^c.
Corn fold off on the prediction o f ra ) n f or
Kansas and N«"braFka, where hot weather and
scorching winds have been hoMlnit forth. The
market rose a bit from the bottom on eome
buying by Western interests*. Trade was rath
er active. August clo?ed *i$?%c down.
Oats were steady without any particular
trarte. August eloped 'ic up.
Provisions were dull and easy, partly with
the cereals, but mostly on the letting out Gf
long stuff. Hog receipts were light an<i there
was a fairly good fcattered demand through
the commission house. September Pork closed
10tz-12'4c under yesterday. Lard 2Vi'3Sc lower
and Ribs sg'TV^c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
¦Wheat No. 3 —
July "H 79 7«!i 78%
August TS'i 80'i 79H 79H
September £«4 81 SO 80^
Corn No. J—
July 43% 43% 43'4 , 43U
August 44H 44H 43H * 43%
September 44% 44% KV.% 44H
Oats No. 2—
July 23H 23*4 J3H- 23%
August MVi 24% 23T4 24
September 24% 24H «Vi 24*
Mess Pork, per bbl—
j u iy 1» 60 12 60 12 50 12 60
September 12 82H 12 S5 12 624 12 67^
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6 80 ISO 8 75 6 75
September 6 92V4 6 924 6 85 6 87V4
October 6 P5 6 S5 6 S74 8 90
Short Ribs, per W0 lbs—
July 7 05 7 05 6 S5 6 97^
September 7 05 7 07^ 6 gS 6 97*^
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and steady; around |4 75® 4 S5 for standard pat
ents 1 No. 3 epring wheat, 12Me: No. 2 red. 8l@
El*io- No. 2 corn, 43Hc; No. 2 yellow. 4S%043T»c;
Vo i oats. 24<j24Uc; No. 2 white. 2Sg26%,c; No.
3 white. 2;H**26V4c: fair to choice malting bar
fey, 43®44c: No. 1 flax seed, 51 80; No. 1 North
western, {H?; prime timothy seed, $3 10; mess
pork, rer bbl. $11 45JJ12 CO: lard, per 100 lbs,
JS C7\i<& 6 85 ; thort-rlb sides (loose). 18 85®7 15:
dry salted shoulders <boxed). 6%®7c; short clear
sides <box»d). *7 35Q.7 45; .whisky, basis of high
wines, Jl 23; clover, contract grade. tS.
"Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 33,000 15,000
Wheat bushels 111.000 94,000
Corn, bushels 6S9.0GO 318,000
Oats, bushels 476.000 306,000
Rye. bushels 20.000
Barley, bushels 17.000 6.000
On the Produce Excbante to-day the Rutter
market was steady: creamery, 15®19>4c; dairy.
J4'9l7c. Cheese, firm. SUSlOUc Eggs, steady;
tresh. lO'ic. -" ¦ i w
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 14 84',4
! Sterling Exchange, sixty days — 4 S7
SterlinB Cables — 4 M
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61H
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4SV4 —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WIIEAT-Liverpool futures were higher and
Paris futures lower. .-".
Chicago declined from 80Tic to SOVic Local
scalping weakened the opening, hut the feeling
subsequently became Bteadier, The seaboard
reported advance bids for export. There were
i larce freight enslavements on Friday. Broomhall
cabled that Continental stocks were less on
July 1 than expected. There was a disposition
to wait for the Government report before plung
ing, one way or the other. Therf were 1 heavy
rains in Manitoba, hut none in the Dakotas
¦ or Kansas, the latter State reporting the
weather hot and forcing. Chicago posted 47
cars for Monday and Puluth 8.
The local market was quiet and not mate
rially changpd.
1 Spot "Wheat— Shipping. $1 05; milling. Jl 07;i
Ct CALL BOARD SALKS.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
20<V) ctls. $115',i; 2000. $1 15%.
Second Session — No sales.
nebular Morninsr Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 16U: M00. Jl 16'.»; 16,000, u 16.
BARLEY— The market continues neglected
and more or le?s nominal.
Feed C*»i«i71Uc for No. 1 and 62^4S€5c for off
Rradee: Brewing and shipping grades, 7S@S0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No salea.
Second Session — No sales.
Reuslar Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
74c; 2iKX). 74Uc
OATS— The Government orders keep the mar
ket very stiff.
White. $1 1501 30: Surprise, $1 27^401 35:' Rod.
UO7Mr'512O; Gray, Jl 10@l 15; Black, $1 02%ei 10
F CORN— Eastern large Tellow,' *1 17^01 20 i
per ctl; Eastern White, Jl 1"H@1 20 per ctl:
Mixed. II +%\ 17H
j^yj^ 92^^ 95c per ctl.
BUCKAVHKAT — Xomlnal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
' FLOUR— Callrornla family extras, J3 60SJ 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, {3 40@3 EO; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75®3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 15@3 60 for bakers'; Eastern, )< 753
5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacics are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; R ye
Meal, |2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. 12 75
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny J3 E0^3 73: Buckwheat Flour, $i@4 25-
Cracked Wheat. J3 M; Farina. J4 SO; Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). |6<3
7 25, In sacks, 15 7537: Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas. 15: Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
All sown grain Hay, whether new or old,
is firm, but grass and volunteer are weak and
neglected. Prospects . are for a further ad
vance In grain Hay before long.
There is no change whatever In • Feedstuffs.
HRAN-S12 5CS13 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *17#K> per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J16 per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing-, J27 50
©28' Cocoanut Cake, 120821: Corn Meal, $24 50;
Cracked Corn. $25; Mixed Feed, $14. •
HAY— Wheat, $7 60@9 £0 for common to good.
J10 for choice: Wheat and Oat. $839 60; Oat-
STSS 50; Alfalfa. $5@7 60 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer. $4 6O#6 60; Wheat,
\t> 50<39; Wheat and Oat, $fi 50*88; Oat. JC@S;
Clover, »4 60@6; Alfalfa, $5@7; Barley, j;g7 per
ton. -
STRAW— 25037HC per bale.
Beans and Seeds. . .
There Is no further change to report, the mar
ket being dull.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 85©3; Small White, $3 230
3 40; large White. $2 75®2 90; Pink. J2 60@2 JO;
Red. J2 5003: Blackeye. J2 50<S3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. J5 30®5 40: Pea. {3 40®3 60; Red
Kidneys, $4@4 60.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard. 4c; Fla*; ?1 «)®2 20; Canary. SHc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape. 2H@3e; Hemp. 4@4iic; Timo
thy. 4S4V4&
DRIED PEAS-NUes. \l 25^2 EO; Green, (2 25
@2 60 per ctl. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The feeling In Potatoes la firm, and prices are
generally higher on the Inside quotations. On-
ARRIVED.
Saturday. JuJy 7.
Ptmr Luella, Miller, 28 hours from Eureka.
Star Point Arena. Har.s^n. II hours frcm
Men locino, etc.
Stmr Oleone. Madsen. 13 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Dolphin. O'Brien. €S days from New
Tork etc; bound for Seattle: put in for fuel.
Nor ftmr Tlltanla. Gulliltsen. Si hours fren
Nar.aimo. . k
Schr Ocean Spray. Larsea. 23 houni trom
Iversens Landins:. .
CLEARrX>.
Saturday. July 7.
Ger stmr Serapis. Rlchert, Hamburg and way
ports; J D Screckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Curacao. Von Helms. Guaymas: Gooda'.l.
rerklns ft Co.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Di»K-o; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. .
Stmr Orizaba. Farsons, Eureka; Goodall, Per-
Bark Santiago. Ingalla. Hllo; J D Spreckels
& Bros Co.
Br stmr Warfleld. Chemalnus; R Dtrasmutr
Sons Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, July 7.
Stir.r Mitt«iw*n. Croscuo. Tacoma.
Stmr Curacao. Von Hflras, Cuaymas, etc.
f'tmr Santa Cruz. Ilinkle. Port Ilarford. etc.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. Eureka.
S-tmr Cr<^cent City. Stockfleth. »>escent City.
Ger stmr Serapls. rtichert. Hamburf.
Br stmr Warfield. Pattie. Chemainxis.
Haw shir Relclutha. Hatfield. Port Townsend.
Hark Santlaso. Engall.", Hilo. • > -
Srhr Reliance. Larw>n. Iversens Landing.
Schr Tender Pro?. Wetzfl. Itowe'ns Landlnsr.
Bcfar Kmma Clauilina. Mlkkelsen. Kureka.
Archif and Fnr.tie, Jensen. .
Schr Corinthian. Korth. Bowen» Landlnff.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO.-4. July 7. 10 p m— Weather
focgy; wind SW. velocity IS miles.
DOMESTIC TORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 7—rerur
teri bark Santa Rosa and Chilean bark Eina
Lmnsa. trrm Port Town.wnd.
BO WENS LANDING— Arrived July 7— Stmr
Xavarro. henc* July 6.
ST MICHAEL— Arrived June 20— Brig Cou-t
ney Ford, from Vancom-er. to sail June M, for
Port Townsend;
NOME— Arrived June 15— Stmr Victoria, from
Seattle and salle»l Jun« 24. for HonKkon».
Sillied June 25— Stmr Rcanoke. for Seattle, via
" DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived June 23— Strr.r
Roanoke. from Nome.
bailed June 20— Stmr Roanok*. f^r Seattl".
July 1— Stmr Nome City, for Portland, stmr
Centennial, for Seattle. _,.._.
In port July 1— U S itmr Richard Rush an3
* ASTORIA— Sailed July 7— Stmr State of Call
frrnia. for San Francisco; Br stmr Lenncx. for
. ur strr.r W«idur. for .
SEATTLE— Arrived July 7— Strnr Rcanoke.
F FORT ROSS^-Sailed July 7— Schr Mary C. for
""mx'cAMBLE- Sailed July 7— Schr John A.
f POR°T O LOS ANGELES-Sailed July 7-fetmr
Gr»enwood. for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed July «— Stmr Empire, for
San -Franciso. •"-*."-'" ... ',
EUREKA- Sailed Jufy «— Stmr Luella, for
""^rrtved^'july' 7-Stmr North Fork, hence July
4: atinr Eureka, hence July S; stmr Empire,
fmm Coon Bay
•sailed July 7— Stmr Empire, for San Fran
cisco: ttmr Pet Nnrte. for San Francisco; stmr
Eureka, for San Francisco.
GP\TS HXRROR— Arrived July «— Stmr Cv
qullle* River, hence July 2. July 7— Stmr New
burr, hence . July X •
«ailerl July &— Schr Wawor.a. for Santa Rosa
lia July 7— E»tn AragO. for Sant» Rosalia.
EASTERN PORT?.
NORFOLK— Sailed July 6— Ship St Mark, for
ManlU- ' FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Sailed July «— Strnr Mlnsola. for
CALLAO— Arrived June 24— Er bark Conway
Ca.'tlf. from Seattle.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to June 30— Nor
»tmr*Thyra. from Oregon.
DOVER— Passed July 6— Br ship Lucipara.
from Antwerp, for Port Los Angelen.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Jun» 1— Stmr Dol
phin, for Seattle.
VALPARAISO— Sailer! Jury *-Cer stmr Ta
nli». for San Frar.ri^co.
Exchange and Bullion.
Chicago Grain Market.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops
Cutting of cured meats, particularly Hams, is
still reported Rnd prices are often below cost "of
rroduction. The market Is dulL
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lOi^lO'tc per lb for
heavy 10^«10%c for light medium, ll»ic for
Jicht l2Uc for extra light and 14^0 for sugar
cured Eastern susar-cured Hams. 12«13c:
Beef $12 Per bbl; extra Mess. S13; Kara
llv S1V extra Prime Pork. *13; extra clear. J13;
Me«8 $16 50: Smoked Beef. 12H®13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c perlb for com
-pound and -8Hc o for pure: half-barrels, pure.
i«uc- W-lb tins. 9Vic; 5-lb tins, 9«,c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, SHc; three
halt barrels, S<Vic: one tierce, 8Vio; two tlerce».
8Uc; five tierces, 8Hc p«r lb.
Provisions.
City end County of San Francisco to OrviH*
D. Baldwin. lot on S line of Turk street, 138:t
E of Van Ness avenue. "E 9<> by S 120; t .
Frederick D. Stadtmuller to Anna Stadtmullei
f-n-ife), lot on S line of Kddy street, 162:5 E o:
Franklin, E 40 by S 120; gift.'
W. A. and Elsie J. Shaw to Frank Kalfln. lo
on E line of Webster street. 117:6 S of Fulton
S 30:6 by E 77. quitclaim deed; Jl.
Germania S. and B. Association (by John O
¦\V. Schulte, survivlns- trustee) to John anc
Johanna M. M. S. Thode. lot en S l!n» of Wai
ler street. Sl:2 E of Fillmore. E 50 by S 120
quitclaim deed; $10.
Germania S. and B. Association (by Phili:
Siebel, -Charles Alpera and Gurstlier Moenning,
trustee") to same, same, quitclaim deed: $10.
John and Johanr.a M. M. S. Thode to Charles
Mui>an;e, same; J10.
Je?"=e G. Gobey to Oscar Goodman, lot on NW
corner of Bush and Pierce streets. W 30 by M
Horace Smyth to Mary H. Smyth, lot on SW
corner fit Washington and Broderlck streets, S
25:4i; by W 1W5:3; gift. «
Citizens' Building and Loan Association tr
Kate Green iwidcw), lot on X line of Hill
street. 105 W of Noe, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Thalia Treadwell (single) to Jena Chr Chris
tensen. lot on E line of Hartford street. 163:'.
S of Seventeenth, S 26:2 by K 125; J10.
Jamn Marlow. Lizzie Marlo-wr (O'Day). Henry
J O'Day (administrator of estate of Bridget
O'Day, by S. J. Hanklns, commissioner) tc
Union Collection Company (a corporation), lot
on S line of Twenty-fifth street. 50 E of Bry
ant, e :r. by s so; siooo.
Mary Selbel <wife of T. W.) to Mathilda
Tuckey undivided seventh In following Lot
on X line of Green street. 6S:9 E of Montgom
ery. E 22:1 by N 6S:9; also lot on SW corner of
Xorth Point and Leavenworth streets. S 137:«i,
W 137:fi. X 74. E 23. N 63:«. E 112: *1».
Fatrlck M. Daly to Margaret PnnoTan. lot or
S line of Vallejo strwt. 137:6 W of Mason, W
SS. S 70. W C?:6. S 67:C. E 137:6. M 137:«; J25C0.
Margaret Donovan to Patrick M. Daly, same;
JIoOO.
Justin and Marie Taravelllcr to Artolph and
Elizabeth M. Greub. lot on BW corner of Ewei
or Commercial place and Mason street. S 20,
W CO S 3S. W 2.'.:10, N fS. E S3:10; $10.
Curt Freiherr von Gregory and Bertha ven
Gregory (PalinserJ to "U'llliam M. Hoair. lot or
V line of gutter street. 9« W of Leavenworth,
W 41:6 hy N 137:6: $l«.
Julia D. and E. T). Reylard t" Christian Fro#
lich. lot on N*K lln^ of Second street, 52 NW
or Howard. XW 22 by NE ": $10.
John Hanliman to Mary Hardiman. lot on F
line of Branr.an street. 3f>0 V>' of SMxth. W 2:
hy S lM; alsd lot on W line of Utah street. IOC
H of Santa Clara. S ."<> hy W 100: also lot on
SE line of Brannan street, 13t) SW of Sixth. SW
30 by SE 7">: Rift.
Bela R. and Minnie Eplller tn Francis Spll
ler lot on E line of Twenty-sixth avenue, IOC
S of Clement street. S 25 by E 81:3: rift.
Augustus R- Totheroh to Harrison Barto. lot
on NW corner of Eighth avenue and X street.
W-'MO by X 1^0: alfo lot on XW corner o<
Twelfth avenue and L street. W 12". N 97, K
l^S S 91; also lot on NW corner of Eleventh
avenue and L Ftreet, W 120 by N 50; irift.
John and Catherine A. Taylor to Esther
Kelly. 40t tTi; Gift Map 3; $430. ,
M. A. Clancy to R. J. Graf, lot 1470. same;
$10.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara II. Blanchet to Mas
Welnsteln. lot on NE corner of Olmstead am)
Glrard streets. N 75 by E 120. block U. Paul
Tract; $10.
¦ William C. and Lydia Fharoen t» Lawrence
P Fisher, lot on E line of Lisbon street, 325 N
of Persia. N 50 by E 100, block 28. Excelsior
Alameda County.
-R and Etta Cuthbert to James S. Nalsmlth.
the' W K> feet of lot 23 and E 20 feet of lot 24,
block C. Gaskill Tract. Oakland: $10.
Patrick J. and Mary EL Keller to. David E.
and Annie G. Jones, lot on S Itne of Rose ave
nue 640 E of Piedmont avenu*. E 30 by S IPO,
Keller's Bo!«e Park. Oakland; $10.
Henry P and ! Cora M*rritt (by W. 9. Har
low Commissioner) to Mary B. Copeland (wife
of W N ) lot on N corner of East EJ»ventb
street and Third avenue, NW 1M:6. NE 1>),
SE 2S:6. NE 150, SE 150. SW 300, to beginning,
block 28, -Clinton. Eest Oakland; 1X3.
A H. Duncomb.e (single) to James S. Nal
smith lot en W corner of Fourth avenue ami
East Eighteenth street.. SW iro.CS, XW 1*3,
SW 50. NW 75. NE 137.42. SE 201.35. to begin
ning, bclnff lots 7. 8 and 9 and portion lot 10,
Map of Watson property. East Oakland: alsc
lot on NW corner of Santa. Clara avenue and
Chetwood street. .W SS.04. N 114.21, E 83.03. ?
113.96, to beginning-, being portion lots S and
6, block B, Stanford Tract. Oakland; f 10.
'NIs and Sophie Hansen to John E. Foster,
lot on W line of Valdez street. 150 N of Denni
son, N 50 by W 1C5. being the-N H of lot 3,
Work E. Shell Mound Tract. East Oakland: $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
TO ARRIVE
PEACHES-Peeled, 16^20c; unpeeled, 6@Sa
NEW TORK. July 7.— Trade was quiet In the
market for evaporated" applea and prices . re
mained unchanged. California dried fruits
ruled dull.
STATE EVAPORTED APPLES— Common.
V^'jftic; prime. bM^^c; choice, S^if*Vic; -fancy,
DRIED PRUNES— 3H«J7o per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ISHfiHo; Moorpark, 15
@lSc.
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
points higher to 10 points lower. Total
sale?. 2s.;.'O baps. Including: July, $7 Sr>?i7 85;
September $7 SO©S; October, $Si38 05; Novem
ber. »S; December. JS Z'j>&% 33; January, $S 26®
S SO; March. $S 3i<gS Co; May, *S 55®8 75.
Sl'GAR— Raw. strong; fair refining-, 4V»c;
centrifugal. V8 test. 4 s 4c; molasses sugar. 4c;
refined, firm; No. 6. 5.C0c; No. 7, 5.35c; No. 8,
5.30c; No. 9, 5.25c; No. 10. 5.20c; No. 11. 5.25c;
No. 12. 5.12c; No. 13. 6.10c; No. 14, 6.10c; stan
dard A. 5.70c: confectioners' A, 5.70c; mold A,
8.15c: cut loaf. 6.30c; crushed, 6.30c; powdered,
6c: granulated, 5.S0c; cubes, 6.05c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4S4s packages; market,
steady; creamery. 1701S*ic; factory, 14SlS l ,4c.
EGGS— Receipts, 43S9 packages: market.
steady; "Western at mark. l(K315c for average
lots; Western, loss off. HtgUHc
METALS— The-brokers' price for lead Is $3 90
and for copper J16 25^16 60; casting copper, 110
6J10 25.
f. o. b. afloat ; No. 2 red. H*i<: elevator; Xo. 1
Xorthern Duluth. £9c f. o. b. afloat prompt.
Options at first were rather firm on higher
English cables and foreign buying, hut quickly
declined under free liquidation, rains In the
Northwest and withdrawal of early support.
Closed weak at Vi'STVtc net decline; July closed
at S5*«c.
HOPS — Quiet; State common to choice, 1S93
crop.'llf 14e; old, ig-5c; Pacific Coast, ISii crop,
10fil2c: old. 3@6c.
HIDES— Firm; Galveston. *0 to S3 pounds,
l?c; California. 21 to 23 pounds, 2114c; Texas
dry. 24 to 30 pounds, 14c.
COFFEE— Spot R!o, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
S^c; mild market, quiet: Cordova, SHflS^c.
Futures closed steady with prices 5
XETV YORIC July 7.— FLOCTt— Receipts.
11,£24 barrels; exports, 14.141 barrels; practi
cally unchanged, but displayed considerable
weakness and closed about 5*jlOc lower. "Winter
patents. {4 15@4 60; do straights, $3 90^4 10; do
extras, $2 75S3 15; do low grades, $2 40@2 70;
Minnesota patents, J4 50@5; bakers', $3 15@3 65.
WHEAT— Receipts, 61,725 bushels; exports,
23.SJO bushels. Spot, weaker; No. 2 red. 87?»c
Charters.
TV Esther Bulree leads lumber at Eureka
for Kailua: L"ma I>r-j:5a. lumber at Pi;rt
B.skeiey for Valparaiso, owners' account.
Bank ClearingsV
.T^-.cal bj-r.k cl»«r!r,gs :eri w»ek were »:*.S4T,
~~y* against j::«,i;0")>«: for the tame week last
year.
Exports of Specie.
r.xr>cri» of tr*--:-- from this pert durir.g- the
ftrtt telf of 15">9 were KLXBJUt. eiralnst 111,-
J43.S47 <*urtr.s; the earr.* time In JSC'S. the lead
in/t deKCrlj't:- r.r being as follows: Silver bul
: r H^-n-^: Mexican dollars. «.E17.<K«; gold
ccin " t-'.! Vf r ccin, T^-T.SOJ; currency
er.ri 'bonds n.S»,t ,. _
The leac'ir.g.det-V.r.atiors were: China. Ja.lSJ,
*0C; licno'.uiu. tfiO.700: New Ycrk. IS.7frJ.0O0.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The steamer Curacao sailed y€«terday for
C-.:a>-rr.as f ith a carpo of c<?::eral merchandise,
valued at BUOL wh'.ch lr-cluded the following:
75 r^P* hardware. 24 pJtgs pipe * ri1 lron > u
\s.\b cordage. 73 cs drug?. 16 r^'Srs dried fruit,
t rs whSkv. tOM rktr* groceri»« and provifions.
f f. :1m US rtl ¦ liread, 317 rkgs raf=t<?. V kfgs
v t -¦:«¦ and reii :<°ad. IS rke» cbeese. 1* tb!s= tar.
:«° cs cannti toods, 12 cs typewriters, 88,009
lha near. 10 kpga l-Rd, « <"5 glnger_ale, 4 pkps
•wwrtn n^tcr al. 4 cs *po«l silk. E5 sk* malt.
r- ; Kt* m»ct :nerj - . 1- cs oil. U keg« Fpik«-s. la
r*ps bottled freer. 4 tb:» flour. US crates pota
tces 643 rkgs shooks, 215 bars railroad Iron.
U .-'« rr.inerai water. El txlls.«4c*«. 102 bdls
rarer 47 c« painta. £ et *?£t. 6 cs fuse. H33
!!, soda. SiK' lbs rice. 41 kpfrt nails, 12 cs dry
grois I*? cs carded eairoon. 20 r*el» wire. 1
che-te ieC S» b-r^es ralfuns. ES23 gai* wine, S»
<s «:!ass. * Cf hats, 7707 lbs coffee, 5? rkrs .ur
ritur-e 109 cb'.s r»rr>ect. 17 cs ammonia. S
drums acid, 241 crates trill work. 101 pkxa
prodaca.
_ Departure of jhe Kismus Liner.
Ti» O^rrr.aa stf-arser Serapis sailed yesterday
'cr Ilarr.harg ard va} ports ¦with * general
cars •. nianifesteS as follows:
Fcr South America, $e7,S>3; for Central Amer
lc«, |l!.SiS; fcr Mexico, $4212; fee Hamburg,
Among tb« -prir.eij-ai Ehipmrati were the fol
lowing : * - ¦
For South America-^441 bdLs eordaire. cs
«rblcky; 1? cs liquors. 451 cs canned eairocn, ZSJ
r< '-ap. 6? bbl« tallow. Sl,2<e ctls wheat. 2T3
pksa grore'rles aai provlelccs. 71. a bbls' flour.
4-i c» canned goods. 112 cs canned fruit. 11. (MS
railroad ties. 15 roiU leather. 33 cs oil. 14-3
pals wir.e EOOQ lbs iard. 11 pkg» paste, ( pKgs
eoUUb, IS bllt brooms. »> i^kgs roofing, 6 cs
ForOMtrmJ .Kmnica— 17 «h«ta iron. 2S4« bbla
flour.. 46.7:» lbs ric*-. 1? eks unions. 13 *ks beans,
l n bbb Ebximpc. B0» cal wine.
r - Mexic>-S b51s iron, € pkg« marhlnerj'.
r 1 lea ril*. 8 pkss.haxdwan*. M pkgs groc-ries
...', ..-A^ionf. 6 bars Fieri. 4^5 lbs qui~kf uver.
For Ilair.bure— 106 cals wine. S00 bb'.s as
phalt, V) bdls horse hides, 4t£3 lb» beeswax.
Weather Report.
% Cl'th Meriaian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FUANOISCO, July 7—5 p. m.
The foWowin* rr.<,x\x\-j'.n tcn-.p»rature» mxre
ri ¦ i from ftations :n Call'^rriia to-day:
* (VRM Bluff 1'4
Mocnt TamalpaU.... EJ Sacramento U»
intfehendence KlS»a IjuU Oblspo s
y,, >nn 10C Pan Diego ti
;>-« .».-«•»>-» W
fur Krsr.rlf=ro data: Maximum temperature.
fl; rniminsuin. 53; ir.ean. 60.
! .F.^. CONDITIONS and general
FORECAST.
—I-. nrcoBare ha* fallen rapidly ever the
• n half, of the Pacific *Icj^». It has r'ten
ra;4dl> ovtr the Urj>**r Missouri Valley. An
: .ra o f Vtt prtrtufe of th" uj-ual summer tyn«
rxlrndi fiotn th<* niter of the Colorado 33uth
«>—v.sril t'itoueh CiUIfornlJ*. In the groat
»aIt*-j-» . * «'aJlforr.ia the t<»mr»»raturf>» arc Irom
i *>ete<s xn 15 &fvr-*% ar>ive the normal. T»m
; • ¦ .:«>>¦ i-vcieo.: e IW <ir^rces are reported at
many s-tttiins \x> California and In Arlsjni.
N<- rs:n ha* f«ll«n ov<>r the cour.tr>' west cf
th«> rtf'ky MoiratatRS.
rrrfcaf.F n.a J ." Bi Pan FVar.eisco for thirty
bf'Ura fjAics mi'inisht July i, Wf>:
Ncrthf-rn California- Fair f'jn-iay, cor.tlnuM
v,v.;?r : vestber m th* 1 latntor. with brisk
I • -!>¦ wt'mSMl fog aiori^ the coait with fresh
v < -•¦ •:> •»in<i?'.
S"i!!h»m • a'.:f^rr *— Fair FvjTTiay, continued
¦wiuTrr »ieath»r; iijht northwesterly winds. •
' Nevada— Ft.ir fijri'is^. / •
Ltah— Fair SanOa?-. jeootiased warm weather.
Arlascna— Fair fcun<lty, continued warm
fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair eunflay,
trisk westerly w!rfls in t!i» afternocn with fog.
ALEXANDKU O. McADIH.
Oenerai Forecast Official.
* *
EASTERN MARKETS.
\ r ezn York Stock Market
NXW YORK. July 7, — The stock market was
lathe i-jiirums ¦ this morning, with scarcely
rr.cush vay ca to indicate the rua of price
BMtncneats. Yesterday'* profit movement took
e.T the snap out of the bulls, and th« bears
ere dtsJncJined to resume a campairn in the
far* of recent indications that holders are un-
KflUnC to let po of the rtocki. The closlr.g
ft the Lor.den Stock Exi-hange for a holiday
fcdded another factor of <Jul!n^*s. There was
r-Tth'-np more than f-lugglsh drifts of prices in
pympathy with the run cf ep*c!al stocks. M!*
i-ourt Pacific turnrl . het\-y en realizing «a!*-s.
1>.e whele rr.?rk<>t weakened and fell below
lact night's j-rio^s on the eurprisiriBly weak
fpatura of c!*-&rtnjr-hous<? banks. The light
volume of — IHrif !¦ view of this astonisblnn
rtatemeot is striking evlfience of the confirmed
dul'.r.es* f>t the r-.arket. The ihowinx Is quite
Inexplicable on the basis of any known facts
cr the «viaence of the tone of the market for
money during the T-eefc. Trie Joan contraction
ct jr,.r7S.f.0'J perms to enow clearly enough that
tht 5iock markrt liquidation in Berlin has
been a<-ccrr.;'!i«h*4 hy the r-ayir.g- off of some of
the heavy oblipati*is to the New York mon«y
market. What has become of $2.r70.«09 epecle
st>d Itgal tenders •whirh are lost to the banks
there is ncthtr.g to chow. Thoee Institutions
have raised nearly $2,000,000 from the sub
trea^nry according to the official ftateroent* of
dcpartmentii. Foliowin^ statements of leading
bankc of the currency movement In the In
terior the mort conservative authorities were
\*& to' estimate th»t the pain in cash for the
•reek would SKST*-sate over $2,000,000. The mar
ket clooefl dull fcnd weak and dull under in
r»u«iice of the natement. The bond market lias
moved Irregularly in tymptXJq with the Btocke
»nd there has been little evidence of the fx
nceted pressure for reinvestment of July divi
dends ar.d Jnter^t. United States old fours ad
vanced *». the four* and fives M and refunding
tiros u1:ta issued \% in the bid price.
XEW YORK STOCKS AND 'BONDS.
r.-r..--> • .. c l? ? J nsr
(Vj!4. Stock— . Bid.
I.K.". Atchison 2414
i^X Atchison I>ref<l \... 71
1 S-2S Baltimore & Ohio 73V4
_ Oanudian I'a'-inc £8
ift) Canada Ht-uthem 4g
1.100 Cbe*ape*kc ii Ohio :r,'i
'fi« «*h!rari Great Western lfi
r soo c B & Q yi ii4«4
«-hictpo lnd;anarto!le & Loui6\ille.. 22H
"<;hicairo Indiariar»o:is & Louis prefd. SI .
Chicago & Kast IXUMOUi 97
....... CMr-fcKo & North w^Ftern :......". 55S
2.£f» Chlra#ro Rrw:k Island * Pacific 10i*
*»CCC4£I LouU 57»*
Colorado Southern €
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4S'4
Colorado Southern 21 prefd Ufa
COO I^lawnre & Hudson 110
Dflawaie Lack i Western 171
Denver & it 0 17^*
lienver & Rio Grande prefd 60
Krie 10H
Krie l?t rrefJ 32 l j
Great Northern 15*>4
liockinfr Co»l 13'/»
Hockir.s Valley 34
4.P60 Illinois Central - 115
SOO Iowa Central 18
100 Iowa Central prefd 4!>
Kansas City Pitta & Gulf 14%
Lake Erie A Western 26
Lake IZrie a. Western prefd fcS
Lake Shore 209
4.€«0 Louisville ft Nashville 71*i
U10 Manhattan L *7$i
715 Metro;, litan St Ry 14!<
1'TO Mexican Central 32*i
J00 Minneapolis & St Louis 49»t
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd £9
:,n<\ Mi?«*iuri Pacific <»*i
100 Mobile i Ohio £5^
Missouri Kansas & Texas :>».»
S:o Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 31
1,079 New Jeirey Central 129 7 j
£00 New York Central 127
IW Norfolk & Western Jl»;
150 Norfolk & Western prefd 77
; 2.700 Northern Pacific , 50'i
1(*> Northern Pacific prefd 7(n 5
i/2<i Ontario & Western li 3 4
: Oregon Ry & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 75
9vO Pennsylvania 127
5«<> Reading 16^
I 4,5Oi} Reading 1st prefd ;>^»
, 3,100 Reading 2-1 prefd 2S
[ Rio Grande Western 53V4
; Rio Grar.de Western prefd ?S
I i-t Louis & San Francisco 9>*
ift Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. 63
1 St Louis 4: San Francisco 2d prefd.. S2'4
1 Et Louis Southwefiern 9^j
, St Lrcjis Southwestern prefd 24
i 1.700 St Paul HMi
100 St Taul prefd lTOVs
Paul & Omaha HO
8.4*9 Southern Pacific 31^
<90 Southfrn Railway 10%
IS5 Southern Railway prefd £0 : i
100 Texas & Tacific 14
i 1.430 Union Pacific 5,n*i
220 Union Pacific prefd 72V
.... . Waba«h f\
.100 Wabash rrefd , isu
lf>0 Wheeling & Lake Erie i\
200 Wheling & Lake Erie prefd 22?i
Wisconsin Central 13
£00 Third Avenue .........110
Express Companies —
Adams us
American 150
I'nit^d States 45
Welts-Fargo .112
Miscellaneous— • ...
ICO American C ( ,ttcp Oil il.Vfflt
American Cotton Oil prefd S7
American UaltlnK ._ 3
American Malting prefd 1S^
CO Areer Smeltin? & Reflntnif sc a a
Ani«r PmeHing &. Refining prefd 874
.American Spirits 1«£
American Spirits prefd 17
t p '*> American Steel Ilo^p *o
l"fl American Fteel Hoop prefd 67'-i
S.S; 1 ) American Fttel & Wire 32">,
2'K) American Sfel & Wire prefd 72\»
American Tin Plate mtj
Am«ncin Tin Plate prefd 74',
4?9 American Tobacco jo%
American Tohacco prefd ..1?5
4,;"0 AnacT.da Mining Co 3g
Brooklyn Rapid Transit ESH
450 Colorado Fuel & Iron S2»»
110 Continental Tobacco sr-j
210 Continental Tobacco prefd 7714
1,110 Federal Steel 22\
150 Federal Steel prefd f5',
Oen*ral Electric 12-J
OIu<-nf=e Sugar 4354
(Jlur-oye Sujrar prefd $6
200 International Pat>er 21%
International Paper prefd 65
LarJ«>de Gaa 70
National Biscuit 24
National Biscuit prefd 83
National Leal 19
National Lr-ad prefd H
J*W National St<vl 24
3S» National Steel prefd S314
£•¦» N'ew York Air Brake us
100 North American htj
Pacific CoEFt 614
Paoific Coa«t 1st pr-pfd gj
Parlfl^ Ccast 2d prefd „ 62
2V> Pacific Mail I6»i
1.4<v» Teople's <.as= , SS
100 PrrH?fd Steel Car 44'$
Pr<?F(^l Steel Car prefd 72
Pullman Palace Car .- 179
Standard Hope & Twine 5
4.C:^ Fupar 1!$S
¥<> Sugar prefd 113
Ci Tennessee Coal & Iron CS
I'nited gtates Leather K%
1 215 T'nlted Stafa Leather prefd M
TTnlted States Ruhhw 2*
United States Rubber prefd PI
7P0 Western Union SO
1,000 Republic Iron & Steel 11
Rtpublie Iron & Ft"*l prefd B4
# p C C & St Louis ES^i
S4.7M Ehares Fold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S !s ref re?, |M K ft T Jds O
when Issued 103 Do 4s SO
Do couj> 103 N Y Cent lets 103
Do 2s rer 105 N J Cent gen Es..l20'i
Do 3s r*r 19*4 N P 2s 65'i
Do 2s cour» WiH Do 4a IMg
Do n*w 4s reg..-.134 X Y C & St L 4s.l(M
Do new 4s coup. .184 Nor & W con 4s.. 96V4
Do old 4s reg 114% Or Xav lst« 107
Do old 4i COUP..114H; Do *• 101H
,Do 5s r*f 113U O S Line 6s 129
-. r*> f» coup H2Vi Do con Cs 111>4
Diet of C 3.85» 123 Reading Gen 4s.... S7T4
Atchison gen 4s. ...101 ROW lets 97«4
Do adjt 4s S3 Et L & I il con 6s. 110
Canada So 2n<!s...iO74 St L & 8 F gen is. 121
C & O 4Hs 9S'4;Pt Paul con 1M
I>o Es llSVSt P C & P lsts 116^4
C & X con 7s 140«i| Do 5« 11S<4 |
Do S F Deb 5s. .119 IS P 4s 7S&
Chicago Term 4s.. SSVilfio Ry Ei lOS'.i
Co'.o So 4« S4!. ¦ Standard R & T 6s 70
D t R O lsts 10; (Tex A- P*C lets ..lll'.i
Do 4s 97«4! Do 2<5s 55
Erie Gen 4s Ci iU P 4s 104%,
Ft W & D C lsts. 72 Waba»h l*tt US*
Gen Tiler it 11714 Do 2nds 10l4
Iowa <">nt l*ta 113'i W<>st Shore 4s 1I1'4
K C P * O lsts 7*Hi Wig Cent lsts S"H 1
L & X Unl 4s 9S |Va Centuries 91'i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar i« fmtario « 87
Crown Point '07iOphir -CS '
Con Cal A Va 1 4«) -Plymouth 10 I
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 1 E0 ,
Gould & Curry.... 10 Do prefd 7 00'
Hale & Xorcross.. *0 : Sierra, Nevada 28
Homfftake SO 00 Standard 3 M :
Iron Silver UJ Union Con 20 j
Mexican IS, Yellow Jacket .... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .West Knd 93
Call loans 2H@3 t *t IJonds—
Time loans 3i~«/i^: Atchl.<=on 4s 93»4
Stocks- | N K «as & C 6s... 66',
A, T & St Fe 2<?i: Mining Shares-
Do prefd 71 Adventure 2*»
American Sugar.. .116 j Allouez Min C0...I-.
Do prefd 115 Arr.il Copper So%
Bell Telephone 110 1 Atlantic 22
Hoston & Albany.24» Boston &. Mont. ...295
Boston Elev 133'ijKuUe /fe Boston... C3
Chi. B & Q 124',,raluroel & Hecla..7I0
Dominion Coal Si Centennial 16
Federal' Steel 114 Franklin 124
Do prefd 33 Osceola 60VJ
Fitchbun: prefd... CS',4' Parrot 40
Gen Electric l^^ Quincy 136
Mich Tel fT'A Santa Fe Copper.. 4V4
N-E Gaa & Coke.. 15 jTamarack 177
•Old Colony 2C2 jUtah Mining 2.-.J.4
Old Dominion 17'^Wlncna Zu
Rubber '»»«; Wolverines 36V4
Union Pacific ..... 50UI
Sun rises 4:J4
Sun seta 7:34
Moon *et3 1:H a. m.
NOTE — In tn<« abore exposition of th« tides
the early rsorning tides ar« siv<>n in the lert
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as td time. Th»
second time column gives the s<eccn«l t!de ct
the day. the third time column the third t*«l«
and the last or right hand column gives th.»
last tide of the day. except wh»n there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heitth:*
given are in addition to th» sound!nss on th »
Unl'ed Stat-s Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slzn < — > preesde* th<» height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r»f»renr<» 1« the mean n r ;h» 1nvr»r lotr w»'fri
SUNDAY. JULY S
the height of tl> ia the same at both places.
V S Bonds—
4s quar coup..H4HH4 r 9'
4s do reg U4%114%
4s do cp new,.13J lSt^itl
3a quar coup..lOS 103 j
M> scella n"-";U3 —
Cal-st Cab 5s..H6H — ' I
C C Water oa. — 10S i
Ed L & f 6a. .123% —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — 113 |
Geary-£t R 5s. — 99 . |
H C 4 S 5^,8. — — I
Do Es — — 1
L A Ry Ss....lO4TllOS'i,
L A Lt Co «9. — — 1
Do gntd 6s.. — — I
L A gr.td 5s.. .100 — '
L A P R R 5s. — lCl»i :
Market-st 6s.. 123 — |
Do 1st M 5s.llS'ill9 !
N C N G R 7s. — — j
X R of Cal 63.112 — I
Do 5s lOu — i
N P C R K 6S.1C1 —
Do Es — IIS
N Cal R R €s.lll —
Oak O L&H5S.1U 113'i
Oak Tran 65... 113 —
Oak W Co 5s.. — 105 !
Oceanic S Co.. 103 104 I
Om C Ry U..123 —
P i Cl Ry 6s.lC2'4 —
P & O R K «s.ll5 —
Powell-Et R «i.12O —
Pa.- L .- OR5». — — !
S F & SJV Es.mH — I
S Ry of Cal 6s.llli»114 I
s p of a e.=...iu mu
S P C iisili^5).UU UVttl
Do (1SC«) 111HH3 j
Do 11912) 119 122H j
,5PRC Istgnt5s — — j
g P Br 6* 130 — J
t< V Water Js.llS —
Do 4s — 103}i
Do 3d mtp...lOH4 — I
Stocktn Gas ts f$H — ]
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 7Ui 72^ ]
•-Marln County. M — j
Spring Valley. 94% S3»i
Gas & Electric —
Cent G L Co.. — —
Cent L & P Co 4'i <
Equit G L Co. 4 4'i
Mutual El Co. 12 13>-i
O O L & H... 4S 4S*«
Pac Gas Imp.. 47 —
Pac L Co 43'4 44!i
S F G & E.... 4$»* —
San Francisco. 4}» —
•Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Insurance—
FIrem's Fund.223 229ft
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63H 70
Bank of Cal... — —
Cal S D & T..105 —
First National — 2S0
Lon P & A. ...131 133
Merchants' Ex 15 —
Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Savings Banks—
Ger S & L....13M —
Hum S & L.. — —
Mut Sav Bk... 45 —
S F SaT U....5O5. —
Sav & L So.... 74 73
Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Union T Co.... — —
Street Railroads—
California 122H —
Oeary-st S*i —
Uarket-st Ry.. S3 M
o S L & H.... — 4<^i
Presidio 18 —
Powder Stocks—
California — l«0
Oiant Con Co. *7 88
VIgorit 2Ti 3H
Sugar Stocks —
Hana 9 P Co. SH 8H
Haw C & S C. S« 89W
Honokaa S Co 32»i —
Hutch S P Co. 2V~i —
Kilauea S Co. — 20'i
JIakawell S Co 48'i —
Onomea 8 Co. — 27^
Paauhau S Co. 31 t2
Miscellaneous^ —
Al Pack Assn. U7' iHS
Cal Fruit Asn. 95 100
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 lftO
Oceanic S Co. 92 92»;
Tac A F A — —
Pac C Bor Co. 150 —
Par Paint Co.. iti —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. July 7-12 in.
Bid.Aak. ! Bld.A.-rf
The Stock and Bond Exchaage was again In
session yesterday. Trade was dull. There were
sales of Spring Valley Water at 95@94»i.
The mining- stock boards will resume busi
ness to-morrow.
The following bonds were ex-coupon yester
day: California-street Cable. J2 50: Contra Cos
ta Water, $2 50; Los Angeles Lighting 6 per
cent. $3; Los Angeles 6 per cent, guaranteed,
$3; Market-street Railway < per cent, *3: Ne
vada Company Narrow Gauge Railroad, $3 51;
Northern Railway of California 6 per cent. $3;
North Pacliic Coast Railroad 5 per cent. $2 LO;
Oaklar.il Transit, $3: Oakland Water, 5 per cent,
$2 30: Oceanic Steamship. 5 per cent. J2 5A; Park
and Cliff. S3: Park and Ocean, $3; Southern Pa
cific of Arizor.a, $3.
Th£ following stocks were ex-dlvidend yes
terday: Honokaa Sugar Company. 3T.C: Onomea
Sugrar Company, 25c; Oceanic, 30c: Pacific
Lighting. Sue; San Francisco Gas and Electric,
33c; Stockton Gas and Electric. 30c.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. «uly 7.— Wheat, unchanged; blue-
Btem, ESc; club. 66c.
PORTLAND, July 7.— WHEAT— Wall* Walla
and Valley, 66t?57c; Bluestem, 60o.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
FORTLANT*. July 7.— Clearings, $296,231;
balances, $47,401
Portland's Business.
LONDON, July 7.— At the wool sales to-day
7*39 bales were offered, which included a good
selection of good greasy stock at occasionally
higher prices. .Cro«s-breds were in strong: de
mand at full rates, coarse goods selling at
prices prevailing at the last sale, owlns to
American and home demand. Greasy wool
was bought In. - ,
London Wool Market.
LONDON. July 7.— Silver, 28 7-16d. Cargoes
on passage,, quiet and hardly any demand;
English country markets, nuiet.
LIVERPOOL. July 7.— "Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 5dfi< Btfd; wheat In
Paris quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, qQiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 l-32d.
Foreign Markets.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 7.— There has been a very
slow market tc-day so' far as store trade goes
in all departments. Short business days and
excessive heat are restricting the attendance.
Orders are moderate through the malls/ No
new features In any line of cotton or woolen
goods. Cotton yarns 'were firmer vrith moderate
doing with woolen and worsted yarns steady.
NEW YORK. July 7.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia "fruit, sold at auction to-day: Pears—Bart
letts, U 6'jQ3 20, average $3; Cliffords. 7Go@$l,
average 7:>c. Peaches— Hale' s Early, 50c@51, av
erage 7Se. Plums— Eotans, small crates, S0c@
$110, average S2c;.Burbanks. small crates, 40c@
{l'BO, average, S7c; California Red, 60cg$2 55, av
erage Jl 4S; Clymans, small crates, 8Cg:75c, aver
age 71c; Peach, 70cjm 20, average 97c; Royal
Hatives. SStfTDc, average 67c; Satsuma, 5O@70c,
average 64c. Prunes— Simonl, small crates, 25c
<§U10, average S3c; Tragedy, 40c§U 20, average
S3c; WickEon, Jl 75©2 15, average $1 SI. Twen
ty-five cars sold to-day; weather hot.
BOSTON, July 7.— The Harl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit at auction to-day were
as follows: Apricots— Royals, small crates, 85c
@?lio, average f-Sc. Peaches— Hale' a Early, iic
4}jl60, average $1 03; St. John's, 7dc©$3, average
$1 64. Plums — Abundance, small crates, 55c@
$120, average S5c; Burbanks, email crate?, 35cQi
SI 65. average S3c: Peach, 7Ccg{105. average 84c;
Hoyal Hatives, 4ofi;0=c, average S5c. Prunes —
Siruoni, small crates, hOcQU. average 7<c; Trag
edy, sn-.all crates, 65cSU 15, average 92c. Eleven
cars sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA, July 7.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices for Call
i'-mia fruit, sold at auction to-day: Peaches —
Hale's Early, boxes, 75c@il Co. average S4c; Im
perials, average Soo. Plums — Abundance, small
crates, SOc^Jl 0J, average 94c; Burbanks. 90c^
$1 20, average Jl 12; Clymans, er><?iS5c, average
76c: 'Royal Hativts. SOitSSc, average 82c; Sat
suma, average 90o. Prunes— Simoni, small
crates, JIIO^ISj, average 5113; Tragedy, small
crates! »?1 V't' 1 St> . average Jl 22. Four cars solci
to-day; weather hot.
CHICAGO, July 7.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and real
ized the following prices: Pears— Bartletts.
$1558193. average- $1 SO. Prunes— Tragedy,
small crates. 95c*i tt Co. average 51. Cherries-
Black Republicans. . boxes. 30C&J1 25, average
5102; Royal j\nne. boxes, 25cg$l 25. average 73c;
Royal Anne, half boxes, average 33c. Weather
hot. Eicht cars sold to-day.
Exchange and Sihcr unchanged.
Faith clearings shore a gain over last year.
J I' heat and Barley quiet and steady.
Oats kept firm by the Government demand.
Corn and Rye continue quiet.
Grain Hay very firm; volunteer neglected.
Feedstuff s stand as before.
Pctaiocs firm and Onions steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before quoted.
Sez-eral cars of Eastern Poultry due to-morrow.
Fruits continue to sell zvell undo' a good demand.
Xo prices yet mentioned for Dried Peaches.
Prune Association continually getting new acreage.
Provisions still cut by the local trade.
Hides continue weak, with accumulating stocks.
Meat market firm at unchanged prices.
Stock and Bond Exchange again in session.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Prunes are higher and are getting very
scarce. The small sizes are almost entirely
gone. Carload lots of- any size are about out
of the question.
Apricots continue steady and predictions of a
decline have not yet been fulfilled. In fact. If
the dried fruit market acts like the green fruit
market this year all predictions of low prices
will come to naueht. The fruit market la sur
prising the oldest heads in the business this
year by Its firmness. "
- Quotations for new Peaches are still hanging
fire and there is nothing said about the prices
of new Prunes. The Prune Association -• is
tteadlly gaining members and at the present
rate of progress will very soon embrace prac
tically the whole acreage of the State.
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, in sacks,
4H04'ic for 4*-oO's. 3*ifff4c for 50-SO's. 3H©3/;ic
for & n -70's SH^SV-C for 70-SO's. 3^3Uc fox $0-90' a
and 2?iQ3c for 90- 100' s. Peaches, 4',i@4?«c for
Standards 5c for choice and 5Ug6c for fancy;
Peeled Peaches, 10©12^c; Evaporated Apples,
BU<SGc- sun-dried, 3^ic per lh: Pears, 3%-g4»4c
for dark and T$*c for bright halves: Black
Fiire l^Sec; V."hlte Figs, :@3c; Bleached
Plurns, 7Hc". Unbleached Plums, 6c for pitted
and IHc for unpltted.
NEW CROP— Apricots. 6§<'4c p*r lb.
RMSINS Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb l»c: choice. 9c; etandard. Sc; prim*. 6c; uo
h!eaehed Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy per lb SV^c: choice, 7Hc; standard, 6^c;
crime 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless,
60-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5%c;
3-crown. «4c: 4-crowc 7c: London Layers,
'crown $150 per bcx; 3-crown. $160. Fancy
Cluster* J2: Dehcaa. $2 50; Imperial, |3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
"nUTS— WainutB. S<59c for Standards and *3
10c for softshells; Almonds, lH4@12c for paper
shell SfilOc for soft and 4Sic for hardshell;
Peanuts b\^\^ for East ern an d 5c for Cali
fornia BraVt! Nuts. T^Sc: Filberts. 12?12^c;
Pecan' U®13c: CoCoanuts, $3 50S5.
HONEY— Comb. 12H®13c for bright and 11®
l'c for light amber; water white, 7U®7Hc: light
amber extracted. «;S7c; dark. 6c per lb.
BEESWAX-24S26C per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Arrivals of Melons are reduced, as shipments
from Indio have mostly stopped, owing to the
appearance of the Winters product.
Peaches and Apricots are weak. Plums keep
up and choice Applea are wanted for shipment.
Nectarines do not seem to be wanted and are
slow of sale. Cherries are hardly worth quot
ing any longer. Figs are In lighter supply.
Pears are more plentiful, but there is no de-
Arrivals of Grapes are light and it is as well,
for they are small and green.
Oranges and Lemons continue plentiful ana
¦weak.
Berries continue low under ample supplies.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 23c@50c rer box and crate; In
baskets. 20#30c; in bulk, 2S3c per lb to the
trade and $K*225 per ton to the canners.
APPLES— 1Z1i2^c per basket ana 3ccgfl for
large boxes; fancy Gravenstelns, $1 25; Crab
apples. 40ii€0c rer box.
PEARS— jKcSU per box; Bartletts. 6jc5$l 23.
PLUMS— 20'9 40c per box and crate and 2"^i3^c
per basket; In bulk, 8lO@15 per ton; Prunes,
25«jC0c per crate and 25G40C J>er basket.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50&3 50 per chest for
large and $2 50ii4 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— SS&5 rer chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2^3 60 per chest.
LOG\N BERRIES— {e»§S per chest.
. CURRANTS— $1 50^3 50 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6#7c per lb.
j-IOS— Per box. 30£*40c for single and 43<gS.>c
for double layers.
NECTARINES— White, fo^^oc per box, red,
• PEACHES— 35S50c rer box and 359300 per
basket for common and 4<*g73c per box ana
40'gt>0c r>er basket for Crawfords. __
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona. Jl •«> per
crate. Fontainebleau, from Vacaville, 11®
CHERRIES— Nominal at 5«f$c per lb.
MELONS— Nutm«, Jl 75 per case from Ari
zona and 75cgn Tor nearby; Cantaloupes —
per crate for Indio and $ 1@1 60 for \ acaville.
Watermelons, from Indio per crate
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. £.0egJl 50: St.
Michaels, $1^2: Valencias. $1 5032: Lemons, $1
ei 50 for common and $2<33 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $135; Bananas. 75c©$2 SO per
bunch; Pineapples, U 50@3 50 per dozen.
The situation remains precisely as befor«
quoted. Fine creamery Butter rules firm,
while dairy descriptions are weak. Eggs are
stetdy with ample supplies and the eame re
mark applies to Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 18%@19c; sec
onds. 17H@lSc. ,
Dairy— Fancy. W£c; good to choice, 15^i1?16c;
common, H&15c. , „'
CHEESE— New. SV»®9c; Young America. 9 ! ,
SlOc; Eastern, 16t?17c; Western. 155?16c per it).
EGGS— Quoted at 13@14c for store and 15®
17c per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 14gl4}~e.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The usual quantity of Eastern will be put on
early in the week. At present the market Is
bare.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10<gllc for Gob
blers and ll@12Hc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1
<Rl 23; Goslings $1 50^1 75; Ducks. $3 GOg4 for
old and $4-54 50 for young; Hens. $4<@5; young
Roosters, $5 50!§8; old Roosters. J424 50; Fryers,
$3*J4; Broilers. $3® 3 50 for large and $.2 25<ff2 Ta
for small; Pigeons, $150 per dozen for old and
$1 75 for Sauabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Ions keep steady at about the prices which have
ruled for a week.
Vacavllle Tomatoes are In good supply ana
weak, but rivers are firm, as will be inferred
from the continued ! high prices: Otherwise
there is little new In Vegetables.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 6O@70c; New
Early Rose, 40@50c; New Eurbanks, 40-@90c
per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red, 50S75c; Yellow. $1@1 10
P VE C GETABLES— Green Corn/ftXgSoc per sark
.for Vacavllle, 75c!g$l per crate for Berkeley ard
?1 £34/1 75 for Alameda: Asparagus. 75c® $1 7 j
per box for common to choice and $2 <a- 50 for
fancv large; Green Peas, 2'5'2 1 jC per lb; String
Beans. ltrSc;' cabbage. 40*S50c; Tomatoes. 6"«J
73c; Rivers, |150Ti2; Ess "Plant, 50c@Jl 25 per
box; Green Okra. IZV^iloc; Green Peppers, 50cW
$1 per box for' Chill and 50c® Jl for Bell; Dried
Peppers, SftlQc; Carrots, 25fJ3;;c per sack; Sum
mer Squash, 5C§.75c for Alameda; Cucumbers,
35®50c for Alameda: Garlic. 2'g3c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
FOR JULY 7. 1300.
Flour. ..qr s.ks 74. 6C9 Chicory, bbls ... IS
Wheat, ctls 80.723 Lime hbls 273
Barley, ctls 14,235 Eirs?. doz .•* 20.2SO
Oats, ctls L££j Sugar, bbls 512
Flitter, ctls 445 Sugar. sks 400
Cheese, ctls S3 Leather, rolls..... 59
Beans, sks 307 Wine, gals 3S.V.0
Potatoes, sks 3,5i> Brandy, gals .... l.e<"0
Onions, sks 303 Hides, No 1SJ
Bran, sks .". 2,1^ Pelts, bdls 117
Middlings, sks 573: Hay. tons 4S1
Shorts, sks 61') Straw, tons 5
Wool, bags 171 i
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 2,900; Bran B ka 1,700
Oat«r, ctls 720' Shorts, sks 1.S30
WASHINGTON*.
Flour, qr eks 3,93Si
Receipts of Produce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THE .-SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 8. 1900.
Steamer Movements.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
Time Ball.
Branch Hrdrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
i chant*' Exchange, Eaa Francisco, CaL.
/ July 7. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of th« new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-d-iy —
i. *., at noon of the 12Qth meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. ra.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
. lieutenant Commander. II. 8. N-. In charge.
TO SAIL
California Fruit Sales.
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6c; Powdered, 5.S0c;
Candy Granulated, 5.60c; Dry Granulated, 5,50c;
Confectioners' A. 5.50c; Magnolia A, 5. 10c;. Ex
tra C, 5c; Golden C. 4.90c: barrels. ICo more;
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; JO-ib
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for leas than
75 barrels or Its - equivalent. Domlnos, half
barrels. 8.25c; boxes. 6.50c per lb.
39
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
cier says: The statement of the New Tork
Clearing-house banks for the week ending July
7 was in direct conflict with all preliminary es
timates.
Theoretically the banks should have exhibited
a heavy gain !n cash, owing to receipts from
the interior and treasury disbursements. In
stead of that, however, cash holdings were re
duced J2.S70.30". There was no explanation as to
this falling off. but it is probably true that the
July dividend period has confused the averages.
It is only fair to infer that the position of the
Clearing-house institutions is much stronger
Ajian the statement indicates, for receipts have
reen heavy the past few days. The interesting
feature of the week's operations Is the decrease
In the loan item, the reduction for the week
having been $3,57S,C00. This makes a total de
crease of $7,135,900 from the hlgrh point 'reached
June 23. and there is reason to believe If the
movements of the past years afford a precedent
that the lean total will continue to decrease
until well into the fall season. The contraction
of $6.400. 5W In deposits Is not as large as called
for by the exchanges, but It sets free $1,600,000
heretofore locked up in legal reserve require
ments, and this accounts for the falling off of
only Jl,27i),175 in EurDlJS, in the face of an
actual loss of f2.S7O.3OO In cash. The future
money market Is rather uncertain. The loaning
rate, in view of present conditions of surplus
reserve, is abnormally low, but there Is a no
ticeable tendency to put out only short time
loans. The expanded loan account can be traced
to Investments In Efrllng, and this means that
a rise in rates, should one *ccur, will be met
by liquidation of foreign accounts and an. im
port of gold. But so iar as explanation en this
ground, attempts are being ma.de even now to
negotiate additional foreicn loans- It Is also
known that within the next few days receipts
from the Klondike will be transferred to New
York. So fur as the crop season demands are
concerned there is absolutely nothing to show
that m^ney is going West. In fact, the move
ment is the other war.
nominally steady; good to prime steers. $5*1C@
6 75; poor to medium, Jt 65®5 10; 'selected feed
ers, J3 S5@4 S3; mixed" e'tockers. $2 fiO®3 73: cows,
$2 4004 40; heifers, $3'S5 : • . canners, J2«i2 75:
bulls, $2 5004 50; calves, $4 60@6 CO; Texas fed
steers. $4 40ff5 20; grass steers, $3 6534 .23; bull*.
$2 60© 3 35. • " ' ..
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 14.000; Monday, 35,
000, estimated; left over, 3000; shade lower;
closed strong; good clearances; top, $5 43;
mlxeoT and butchers, $3 CS@3 43; good to choice
heavy, $5 20!§5 45; rough heavy, $5 O.Vffr. 13;
light. $5 10(35 43: bulk of sales. ¦ $5 30<55 37',i.
SHEEP Receipt*, 2o00: sheep and lambs,
steady; medium to choice wethers, $4 15©4 SO;
fair to choice mixed. $3 15@4 15: Western sheep,
$ra4 75: native lambs. 54 25t}6 S5; Western
lambs, $3S6 15.
BAGS 7- San Quentln Bags, JI 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6*sc; Wool Bags,' 2S*4SJ2He;
Fteece Twine, 7Hc: Fruit Bags. 6»4®6»tc for
white and 8 l i.*isi*c for bleached Jute.
- COAL,— Wellington. JS per ton; new Welling
ton, ti; Southfleld Wellington. J8; Seattle, $8;
Bryant. *6: Coos Bay. K 60: Wallsend. JS; Co
operative Wallsend. JS; Cumberland. $12 In bulk
and J13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $11 i>er ton : Coke, Jl« per
ton In bulk and $18 In sacks; CaMle Gate and
Bock Springs, $8 43 per 2000 pounds,
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
THE STOCK MARKET.
Steamer. I From.
Dae.
Vewport JNew Tork
Bonlta JXewport
?trathsryl« 'China and Jap:
Del Norte (Portland
Kureka i HumboUlt
r-^.r.t.i ii u ::;¦¦¦ .1 * . . . . ..
Empire Coos Bay
rellus Oyster Harbor.
North Fork ....Humboldt
State of Calif.. iTortland
Santa Rosa jr-'an Dt^jro
Jrizaba I Humboldt
City of Puebla. j Victoria & Pus;
r>d .
Arcata Coon Bay
L'nlvffrse 'Oyster Harbor.
Willamette 'Seattle
?lam ...jOystiT Harbor.
Crescent Clty...iCr^*cent City..
Too.o Eav !Newr>ort
_OC9 i.'.y i^ewpon
Sewburjr (Grays Harbor..
River. Grays Harbor..
'omna !San I>l*«o
i I i:iir ,
lime
*
Ft. I 1
H -W-
:JFt.j
L. TV
[Ft. I
I I
F»
I
Ft
s
9
Tf7i3|
.. »:o:;-
[ |
0.4i 9:351
-0.1 10:23
i|,s.ej
g 1.0
-i-
« !
S|
I 1
3.1;
! J.2
1
. 4:3O|-
-0.4 ll:0T
-«.7 1T:«I
1 H
f 4.«:
4:0:
-0.8! 12:^1
_n 7! 1 -iu;
4.8
11 ill
• :Sr
Steamer. | Destination. :
Sal!*.
, ., — i
>T. Krager.lTlllamook !
, ! Ji
uly t. :
7 am!
"orona . >t>an l»i-»«o
Eureka IHumboldt i
vcapulco ..IN. Y. v. Pan..
f't. Areaa..|P<-4nt Arena..:
uly ». 1
uly 9. :
uly ?.
uly 9. :
11 mvr.
2 pm
12 tn
2 pm
"zarina ....jS«attle ;
fip Maru. [China.* Japan
L'matllla ..[Vic & Pet Sd.
P^intta IXewport
uly 19. i
uly lt». 1
uly 10. 1
uly 10. I
!Pl*r
PM3
[Pier
'Pier
Xchc CItyJCap<* Nome. ...!
=t. Paul jCape Nom»....
S pm'
Moaca . I
D*! Norte.-j Portland
~»rizat>a ...iHumboldt
J ar.ta Rosa.'3an Diesro
•M'
\Tnrtty ITnrll Hll~,>,A'/1»
North horn HuaDOMt
?tat? of CaJ Portland
11 am
Ar.-ata ICoos Ray
rul'y 13.
Bay iXewport
ruly 14.
i'PIw
CRIPPLE GREEK ILLUSTRATED !
A great Tolume, JUST OUT. Nearly 100 pho-
to-engravings of gold mining scenes; also cor-
rect map. Gives sketches of every mine and
mill or* pr">ducfHl. dividend*. «t(T. ACSO-
LVfELT DISINTERESTED. The cdftion col
ll.OCfl to Issue-. To introduce our bis Illus-
trated weekly family paper <foTrade«l l«im we
¦will send you a copy of "CRIPPLE CREEK
ILLUSTRATED" and our paper 13 weeks on
trial for Z3c. - Clubs of 5, 11. Stamps taken.
Latest mining Dews and Western stories. Ref«r
to the editor of this paper. Address -
ILLUSTRATED WEEKLY. Denver. Colo.
fe AUCTION SALE 5^>
TUESDAY. July 10, 1 o'clock. J. D. HORAN'S
STOCK YARD. Troth and Fryant sta..
-4O HORSES.
S. WAT KINS. Auctioneer.
£* AUCTION SALE ! £^
43 HEAD GENTLE AND WFILL CROKEN
HORSES from the country- .Also some city
broke horses suitable for MrM delivery wasror.s.
No culla cr wornout horses among them.
REMEMBER— The highest biJtler gets th»
horses.
TUESDAY. July 10 at 11 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 HOWARD ST.
W. G. LAYNO, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALES
5^ AUCTION SALE! £*
Monday. July », at 11 o'clock at Swttzer"*
Stock Yards. Twelfth and Harrison sn.. of
Horses, broken and unbroken. Included In this
sale Is one handsomely matched pair of black?.
16 hands hish. 6 and 7 years old. pacer?. w»!l
broken; a!.-o one bay team roadsters and sev-
eral tine, gentle driving horses. As we iritervi
to hold regular sales every Monday at 11
o'clock we will positively guarantee every hiir*e
to N» as represented cr money refunded. GE*\
SWITZER. Proprietor. S. WATKIN5. Auc-
tioneer.Charge of Petty Larceny Against
Mrs. Maria Shevolos Is Dis
missed.
STOLE FOOD BECAUSE
SHE WAS STARVING
arrested. Friday night for threatening to
kill Mrs. ¦ Dreyer. SOS Geary street, was
called In Judge Moiran's court yesterday
a snag was struck. The Penal Code pro
vides that in all felonies and Indictable
misdemeanors the evidence must be taken
and the witnesses must sign the recogni
zance. The charter, on the contrary, only
provides that tne evidence shall be taken
on preliminary examinations for felonies.
Stenographer Long refused to take the
evidence in the Ham Dung case, in view
of the charter provision, and the Judge
had to admit that he was right. A con
tinuance was granted till to-morrow to
see if a way can be found out of the
difficulty. .
A bill of sale from Truln Shevolos. tha
woman's husband .to Sorres, dated Octo
ber 3 last, was produced, but Mrs. Shev
olos alleged that it Tras a blind. She
had followed her husband to tha markets
on June 4, she said, and saw h!m mak«
purchases of eggs and fruit. Tho bills
were in his name.
Policeman Harry Hook testified that ha
had made diligent search for Shevolos
but had been unable to find any trace of
him. The Judge In dismissing tho case
warned Mrs. Shevolos to keep away from
the store, which she promised to do.
complaining witness, Christo Borres. Her
husband had told her that when Sorres
was sick he sent him to a hospital and
paid his expenses. Then he took him Into
his store, so that Sorres could pay off his
Indebtedness to him. Her husband used
to give her $1 DO per week to live on. and
about two weeks ago he deserted her.
She was starving, and that was why aha
went to the store and took the eggs and
fruit. She was so hungry that she ate the
whole at one meal.
Code and the Charter.
¦yVhen the case of Ham Duns, a Chinese
Superintendent Sussdorf of the City and
County Hospital was notified yesterday
Four More Internes Selected.
Chief Surgeon. Bunnell Calls Atten
tion of the Supervisors to
Its Necessity. .
Chief Emergency : Surgeon Bunnell ad
dressed a communication, yesterday, to Su
pervisor d'Ancona, chairman of the Super
visors' Hospital Committee, requesting
that the emergency station-in Golden Gate
Park be re-established. Dr. Bunnell states
that the force necessary to open the sta
tion would consist of two stewards, two
matrons, at $00 per month each, two driv
ers of the ambulance wagon at ; $65 per
month each and -three -surgeons -at $100
each. ....„-. -r -....,.
In his communication ¦ Dr. Bunnell says
many, accidents occur in the park, and it
takes the ambulance from the Central sta
tion nearly, an hour;, to . reach . the scene.
Another important point is the length of
time it requires for assistance to be sent
WANTS PARK* EMERGENCY
HOSPITAL ESTABLISHED
President Watt on behalf of the board
expressed his * gratification at the excel
lent way in which the department handled
the fires on the Fourth, which, he said,
was all the more gratifying as it was the
first Fourth under a paid department.
It was decided in the future to have
two" men stationed at each theater In tho
city.- The men were ¦ granted- -ten days'
vacation. •
A petition of residents in the district
bounded by' Pennsylvania avenue. Twen
ty-fifth street, Connecticut street and
Army street- for more hydrants was re
ferred to the chief engineer.
, Leo de Cardona-of the County Clerk's
office, who beautifully engrossed the reso
lutions of the board in regard to the he
rolc~death"of John Edward Sweeney, pre
sented the same. to the board as his do
nation to the Sweeney fund, for which
he received the board's thanks.
¦At- the. Fire Commissioners* meeting
yesterday, a charge was filed against
Lieutenant McCarthy of Engine 32 for
neglect of duty and the trial was fixed
for next Saturday. A few nights ago the
captain of the company found the lieu
tenant asleep when he should have been
on duty. He offered no excuse when ask
ed for an" explanation, hence the charge.
He is now under suspension. '
CHARGE AGAINST A
FIRE LIEUTENANT
Accused of Neglect of Duty and Will'
Be Tried Next Sat
urday.
Three Deputies in the Bureau of
Streets Replaced by New-
Men.
Tho Board of Public Works yesterday
appointed T. J. Crowley, bookkeeper at
$125 per month; Edward Lawton, assistant
bookkeeper at $125 per month, and W. N.
Connor, assistant keeper of the Corpora
tion Yard at $3 per day. They will take
their positiona on July 15 and will suc
ceed Charles A. King, T. T. Burnett and
John Ganly.
The following were also appointed tem
porarily until the Civil Service Commis
sioners have certified to a list of ellgibles:
Joseph Nounan, Inspector ' of Buildings,
$100 per month; H. D. Gates, assistant to
tho City Engineer at $6 per day; J. R.
Kirby, E. .F. Montague, watchmen, and
George Dessmeyer, driver on the county
roads at $2 30 per day each; Thomas
Wood, assistant carpenter at $75 per
month; M. A. Callaghan, plasterer at $100
per month; T. F. Tubb and J. B. Haw
thorne, elevator conductors at $2 per diem;
Mary Coyle, Janltress of the Public
Morgue at $40 per month; Daniel O'Neill.
Eugene.. Sweeney. M. Kavanagh and
Matthew Ryan, helpers in the Bureau of
Streets at $3 per day each.
MORE APPOINTMENTS BY
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
Therefore we simply asked a courteous ques
tion, to which we still await a courteous re
piy. v.Vv.-x,. ' • • ., .
The question referred to the truth ; of
newspaper reports concerning tho matters
Indicated. . * -
Second— That many teachers have ' classes
of from fifty to sixty ' pupils, to whom, of
course, they cannot do Justice.
Now in retard t to . the sahool question (and
this shall be our last statement on this sub
ject), we learned from several school teachers
and the press:-- " -¦' ' . • .'¦ •• .• •— • -t ¦ ¦
First— That reorganization .was contemplated.
N. B. Oreensfelder, first vice president
of the Public Improvement Central Club,
takes exception, to the statement made by
Mr. Denman at a meeting of the Beard of
Education, that "two, members of the
Public Improvement Central . League
transact all its business, and letters is
sued are not to be taken as representing
tho sentiments of the organization or of
the public at large," Mr. Greensfclder
has written a communication in which he
sets forth that the Central Club repre
sents thirty clubs and 3000 members and
that the executive ofllcers of the Central
Club are the presidents and secretaries
of all- the improvement- clubs and. they
nre always invited to attend th* Central
Club's meetings. Mr. Greensfelder goes on
to say that the Central Club has nlways
met with success in everything it has in
dorsed, and instances thc raising. of $5000
in conjunction with a committee of
merchants, for the bond Issue campaign;"
the closing of the cemeteries; the abo
lition of high fences, and the support of
the Police Commissioners in their effortH
against side entrances; pool rooms and
vicious places of amusement. A dig is
given Mr. Denman in the assertion that
nc once asked the- Central Club to recom
mend that there should be a budget ap
propriation for .manual .training in Ithe
schools, that this; recommendation : was
made and that the presidents of other im
provement clubs : took favorable action.
Mr. Greensfelder winds up his communi
cation with the following: \
Club and Repeats Original Ques
tions Concerning Schools.
Defends Public Improvement Central
GREENSFELDER WRITES
REPLY TO DEN MAN
Borne hours after McGlade's case was
Bubmltted to the *ury for decision that
body returned Into court and found the
defendant guilty of having uttered the
warrant, but made no mention of the
charge that he had forged the same. T.
J. Lennon. who undertook the defense of
the accused, immediately reached the
conclusion that this verdict was contrary
to the evidence, and upon this and other
points filed the motion for a new trial.
In the opinion granting the motion Judge
Cook says:
. There •was absolutely no evidence at all — not
a ecintllla— as to defendant's having passed the
warrant set forth in the Indictment, unless It
be the opinion of the witness Kytka, a hand
writing expert, that the signature. "T. Dwyer,"
to the receipt on the back of the warrant, was
written by the defendant. The Jury may have
acted upon the opinion of Kytka, but in the
case of Buckley, the Supreme Court of this
State has intimated that where a conviction
rcrts solely upon the opinion of an expert wit
ness the evidence was Insufficient, and in an
other recent case appealed from Santa Barbara
County, In which a conviction rested solely
upon the testimony of this same witness, Kyt
ka. the Judgment was reversed.
Upon the second question presented on this
motion." viz. : the action' of the prosecuting
counsel In commenting. In argument, upon the
failure of the defendant to testify as to cer
tain facts. I am satisfied that such action
upon the part of the prosecuting counsel was
prejudicial to the rlEhts of the defendant and
would, nhould he appeal from a Judgment
herein, cause the Supreme Court to reverse
said Judgment.
The third point presented on t'.ris motion pre-
Peter TV. McGlade. charged with the
embezzlement of Street Department
funds, has won another point In his bat
tle for liberty. Judge Cook: has granted
him a new trial on three grounds. The
court holds— first, that the verdict Is con
trary to law and against the evidence;
second, that the conduct of counsel for
the prosecution during the course of ar
gument was prejudicial to the rights of
"the defendant and that through comment-
Ing on the defendant's failure to testify to
certain facts, error was committed; third,
misconduct of the Jury in reading certain
newspaper articles set forth In an affi
davit flled In the motion for a new trial
on behalf of the defendant- The news
paper that published the articles and
thus rendered null the verdict, as far as
Judge Cook's opinion goes, is severely
dealt with.
Ccrart Scores Newspapers for At
. tempting to Tnfluen.ee Jury and
Holds the Prosecution Guilty
of "Misconduct.
Judge Cook Declares His
Conviction Illegal on
Three Grounds.
PETER M'GLADE
WINS HIS FIGHT
FOR NEW TRIAL
to the ocean beach. The letter concludes:
¦"The entire, western portion^of the city
is too far removed from the Central Emer
gency Hospital to have accidents in that
portion of the city humanely handled. The
Park" Commissioners will give the use of
the entire building formerly occupied by
the .park- police, and. also the stables at
tached thereto, for the use of this service.
It'. will not be necessary to purchase an
ambulance, horses or paraphernalia, be
cause all of these have been provided
heretofore and can be put in use at once."
by the secretary of the Board of Health
that the following Internes have been'as
signed to duty in the wards attended by
the respective faculties: R. M. Dods
worth; W. M. Buell and B. F. Williams,
College of Physicians and Surgeons;
Frank Krull, Cooper Medical College. .
senta a Question which ought to 'be carefully
considered by the Appellate Court of the State
and BOine rule laid down by that tribunal
whereby trials In our court* of Justice phall
not be Interfered with by the prfas. The ques
tion here presented is not the Impeachment of
a verdict by the Jurore, but the affidavits pre-
Fented present to the court certain facts from
which It Is clear to be, seen that Improper In
fluence surrounded the jury during the trial
and during. their consideration of their verdict
In this caee. On the morning after the jury
¦vras completed. Impaneled and sworn, three of
the Jurons arose in the Jury-box and requested
to be excused from service upon the Jury be
cause of an article that had appeared In one
of the dally newspapers (the Examiner) In
this city which they considered reflected upon
their Integrity.
One of these Jurors, as the record shows,
announced to the Judge before the opening of
court. In chambers, that he desired to be ex
cused from service on account of said newspa
per article, giving as a reason that he was
seeking employment under the city government,
and that In view of the article he feared it
might affect his application. The court had no
power to excuse the Jurors at that time, without
by so dolnc virtually accqulttlng the defend
ant, for the reason that they had been impan
eled and sworn and Jeopardy had attached.
Their request to be excused was therefore de
nied. Subsequently the restrict Attorney made
a motion that the entire Jury be discharged,
which motion was heard by the court, assisted
by two other Judges of this court, all three
Judges agreeing that the Jury having been
.sworn, jeopardy had attached, and a discharge
of the jury meant an acquittal of the defend
ant upon the charge. The District Attorney's
motion was therefore denied and the trial pro
ceeded with. I fail to see any difference be
tween a communication of that sort to a Juror
after he is sworn and a communication by word
of mouth. In both Instances a Jurcr sworn In the
cause has been communicated with upon mat
ters relative to the cause whlch.be has been
sworn to try and. as the record here shown. In
timidated in such a manner as to affect any
verdict that he might render. In addition to
this instance of articles appearing In the press
during the course of the trial, the record fur
ther shows, not only by affidavits but by evi
dence Introduced by the District Attorney hlm-
Eelf on the motion for a new trial, that a cer
tain newspaper article was read aloud in the
Jury-room while the Jury were considering
their verdict in this cause and passed around
among the Jurors. That article intimidated, if
it did not in distinct terms state, that If the
Jury failed to convict this defendant It ,waa be
cause they were corrupt.
Had th« editor of that paper (the Examiner)
or the reporter thereon gone Into the Jury
room while the Jury were considering their ver
dict in the cause and stated to them orally
what was contained In that newspaper arti
cle, there can be no question at all but that
any verdict rendered by cuch Jury would, with
out a moment's hesitation, be set aside by any
court on the face of the earth. What differ
ence exists between an oral communication of
that nort and a printed one I am unable to
discern.
j If I am wrong in this matter the Supreme
Court can correct me by setting aside, the
order that I am about to make, and sentence
can then be pronounced and no harm come from
my order, either to the people or to the de
fendant, and I certainly hdpe that the Dis
trict Attorney will appeal from the order made
to that tribunal, and I earnestly request him
so to do, for I feel that a decision should be
procured from that court which will authori
tatively announce to the' press of the State
that If they will persist In attempting to try
in their columns causes on trial In our courts
and to Influence and intimidate Jurors verdicts
rendered where such Interference has been had
will he set aside. • .
No individual would dare to address a Juror
upon matters being tried by him. yet it has
come to be a dally occurrence for those writ
ing for the daily press to communicate, through
the columns' of the press, that which they
would not dare to communicate by word of
mouth.
Judge Cook fixed bail pending the new
trial at $7500.
Tii* S-cpej-i-isars^ Health and Hospital
Commlure flecided yesterday to reopen
tilds for fcmifWiy? -whisky for the A3ms
fcciiPe and the City and County Hospital
Jn order to Insure a ;>trre article of the
tierr i:qt:1<3 th« Fit^tiivztirrr.B wtll reaO:
'•Standard Distillery. Kentucky, sour
mash whisky of the spring of l&i. to be
w.-it!i drawn from tht X'nitt-a States bouded
varthons" by th*- citr t:poTi an order from
the COIIU actor. Tbe Internal revenue tax
to h*> paii hv tie latttsr. bSfls to be per
vroet bsSoo uad Knnsples to be delivered."
5>ltis arUJ he adirenised in tlib Bupplement
ary Bch«i«3t3]e.
Ins.st» an Good "Whisky.
Zz<if&i% frcin the crcrvrd of people trno
•were looking ycrteraaT at tne •srfafljrws
there trill be a prea* many -irho -will take
S!<Svar:ta^e of lire oiw^ning to-morrow of
the as?isn*;e saJe of shoes. 773 Market
EUret. D»>iT Fourth. •
AimitiTig -tie Openings
taid property.
Haycr s Crafty Scheme to Force Con
version rf Lodg-e to Other
Uses Is Doomed to
Failure.
?
Tbe little scheme of Mayor Phelan, re
jected by '<¦&* commissioners some time
ago. 10 rum the X»arU Lodge into a branch
librajy. Will not go ifcrougti, even ihough
the Supervisors have crainly Incorporated
In their budget lor the year a specific ap
propnaxlon at J*wJ to fit ui> th-_- iudge lor
jttibiie ujse.
i'ajlt Coijimissioner Lloyd said yesler-
Jjv attCXlMMHI that Uie commissioners had
already deeideu ihut they would not eon
vcri tne lodye :r.to a ln.ir:ch of tne tree
libraxv u::d iJ-ai the question was linally
«setlK-iL Park O»n3rr:issloaer Stamon
Bj>oKe to Ibe tame *-ffect. Tiie last i:ain<?U
s^id tLat the C'jmmis5ioncrs might u?u
the %&?} for some other purpose. Mr.
Lloyd denied that the Supervisors had
auv mxuiioTity over ihe expenditure ot
tnGTtry by ttie J'ark Comrni*=sioi:ers, •aiivi
also tai.f That thc Supervisors had seri
ously crippled line cozaznizsioners by pre
pnxi'r.g to .Ur^ely reduce the amount to be
Apphod to p.irk purp-isffi and by turning
D\tT l<» tile coir.cifysionfrs the care of the
cny square?, mvoivitig a monthly out
lay of i£».
Commissioner Szanton was sure that the
Siiivirviscr^ had cxcoed«i iheir authority.
Jje Wais tquaiiy certain with ilr. Uoyd
that there wuuld be no branch of the 11
trarj- in the Golden <Jate l'ark.
The ol'.icjals of the Auditor's office also
are of opinion that the Supervisors have
gone beyond proper Emits in this matter.
Tie item of faOM for the lodpe vras in
6ert<yl in June in thc budfrei at the dic
rauori of Mayor Phelan. who still cher
ishes his visionary scheme. The total ap
ponioranof.t Jor ;>ark purposes Is &M5.000.
¦which was Eefrrepated by tha Hoard of
{supervisors as foHows;
Frr ruch uloraticn* a» nay be required
to Et the Vuz-'k I»is-e lor public use $5,000
T"or the imi>roT«?irier:t of J'rar.kliTi
Squaj-e E.OOO
For the taiTorempnt of llosyltaJ Park
lot 5,000
For the tnaintrnanc^ preservation and
tmiiran. osjfnt of ,--r>^-. (Quarts, ave
ii nt* and ;_-:.:.. ert*uz:il5. includinK fll>.
i'.-j Icr "water ior »-jnarea S33.0O0
Tctal C«,0M
Acting Auditor AVSUIam Wells says that
•the Supt-i-visors. aecorxiinp to a. Fpetiflc
proiTEion of the charter, have tjo right to
oirect the Park Con.Eiissioners to expend
xaoneys for any jiiiriicular purpft^e. The
conunis-sier.fr^ themselves liavo full con
trol ov«t the ai>pr»3pri:iiJon s?et apart for
TJie partcs ajid raay aJcne determine hoiv
the tnoney shall be fport.
Tbe se«ct5"n of the charter referred to
provides tliat t_he Park Commissioners
shall have the complete and exclusive
control. marsi-gTenjpnt axid dii^ction of tie
public parks, wsarea, avenues and
gTminds and tht? exclusive right to erect
tJ3<S to Fuptrintend the erection of btiild
ing.s arid t--trc«ures liiereon. They shall
lave tiie «x£jti£ive nanagKnent act] dis
t>ta?froests of all funds legally aprro
rriaied cr rccdred Iroin any Boarce for
the *npT>ort of Enid parks. SQuares. av-
The only Ti?*t veslaa In tiie Super-rtsors
by the charter Is to brry the asmta! tax
fcr park parrtsses and It is ppecifically
Etated in another section of the charter
that the iJuper-rfsiirs shall provide ail
necessary monex for tiie ¦mT1^¦nT^^T^1^^'?^
rreserratJoii and liEpTOY«n»nt of- said
parks, squares. aTerrues and groxmdB. and.
to that end. phall ariETiallv levy a tax on
all rropwty ?n the dry and cotmty not ex
empt from t»Tartfrr -which ehaJl not be
]<-Sfc thaa five cerrt* nor mx>re tlian seven
cents upon each 410D assessed valuation of
Park Commissioners Will
Not Accept Dictation of
Supervisors.
PHELAN LIBRARY
JOKES IN CITY
BUDGET ILLEGAL
THE SA1ST FKAJNU1SUU CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 8, 1900.
Six of the- scavengers arrested for vio
lating the ordinance by not having proper
covers on their wagons appeared beforo
Judge- Fritz yesterday. Three were fined
$5 each and the other three had their cases
dismissed. They all promised to obey the
ordinance In the future and the Judge
Intimated that If they wera brought be
fore him again they would be severely
punished.
Scavengers in Court.
Mrs. Maria Shevolos was yesterday ac
quitted by Judge Fritz of the charge of
petty, larceny against her. She was ac
cused of stealing some eggs, fruit, a can
of tomatoes and rice, valued at 25 cents,
from the fruit store at 500 Ellla street on
June CO.
The taking of the goods was not denied,
but Mrs. Shevolos claimed that the s»tore
belonged to her husband and not to the
40
We save money for amateurs. -We loan you a
kodak. Backus Studio. 11 Geary st.; supplies. •
2 pni new putt
[CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
Fre« Detlwty. Oakland. Alaa»d«. Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN '& CO.
(Incorporated)
233 - 237 Post St Open Evenings
Amsterdam, 2II wool Smyrna Rugs.
A combination of Old Dutch quali-
ty & Oriental brightness & beauty.
Variety of pattern, alike on both
sides, fringed ends; 27 x 54 in, $!.
CARPHT DEPARTMENT
ADDITIONAL BARGAINS.
Pique and Linen OUTING SKIRTS, $1.00 and S1.50 /fK A
quality— to close at ; . . . . 4t 0 C
All-wool ELACK CHEVIOT SKIRTS, lined through-
out with good quality percaline, regular (ftific
price 84.50— to close at 3>l.t7U
Latest style SPRING JACKET, lined throughout— Qa ap
will be closed out at $2.95 and Wt.yO
FOR PRICES SEE OUR WINDOWS.
MADE SUITS will be closed out at
4OC OW THE DOLLAR
The balance of our Spring and Summer styles TAILOR-
STOCK-TAKING!
Announcement Extraordinary
Hale's. j Hole's. -I:..;...'.. ' S&le ' B ' --- -J-- S^ft^ •! ' - - - - - H H 8 -": .-.'-.! HaJe'8-
Mhe record of progress I^^^B^ an after inventory, clean-up
the model new store now nearing completion tends to mark the ad- l^^^^^^^^^^^^S^^^^^^ tlt*^* a clean-up based upon supply and demand, a careful inventory
vance of the peerless city of the Pacific, for in the aggrandizement of Cal- 1^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^= '^%T shows us the supply and, notwithstanding the many successful sales and
ifornin, in the material progress and prosperity of San Francisco, has come 1 iSSpJ th© most satisfactory season in our experience, it is still very great, we
the promotion of the Hale's. but not without effort — in adopting the most '(ssl^Sf-*^^Silb «(W^^^^^^^^^^^^ propose to create the demand by such value giving as will most strongly
modern methods; in recognizing promptly the best ideas of merchandising; -^ r^^^SSSsgg^l^*^ 10^iT(^^P^^^^^^i^ appeal to the clever woman who from necessity knows how to dress well
in the closest personal application; in insisting firmly and at all times that r^^^^^^^^^^^^i^U/'S^^Mp 1^' upon little; to the woman with, whom fortune has been kinder, but who ap-
110 article shall b? misrepresented; in striving ever to have it the best of IlsP^ "^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^T ' predates the advantages of strict economy; to the good, thrifty housewife
its class at the lowest price consistent, are found the additional reasons for rlijar-a Hscis! ralB " Sft^P^ls^Sf ever looking to replenish the household needs, they can come to-morrow,
the upbuilding of the Hale's— the necessity with tliem for the finest and £2^3! F-S§| WH& sPfaMiisirr they can come the entire week, with full assurance of unequaled val-
most modern store on the coast. E^2f -^3i •'S? EatSl U€S ttlis tome of §> ood goods and low prices, Hale's are making a new
EEiiili gawa 5=3 Cp3 record in the old store.
in that gjreat waist and skirt section ' cottons after inventory
where after inventory reduction prices reign supreme. ! nearly all good housekeepers in San Francisco know our record for
the $5-00 grade taffeta silk waists, corded front and back, flare cuff; black, Belling the best cottons at the lowest prices, but they will undoubtedly b9
white, light blue, navy, lavender, red and rose; cach $3-5o ,^=t^^^^^»'m^^^@^^^^^^^^S^ surprised at the values offered in this after inventory clean-up.
all of our $7.50 and $5.00 waists that during season have become slightly MJPjv ijf^ 4 80 s |} eets> bleached, 90x90 inches, less 2-inch hem. it is truly a good
soiled in handling, now marked, each $-2.Q5 c^ —^^^r,"" — "^i^Z^^^ quality of sheeting, and we offer them ready made at the price the material
mercerized black sateen waist, full corded front and back, flare cuff, fancy ,i^^f ?r^^^^gKi8i^J^^3ifitfSS^^^^ ¦ wil1 c ? st >' ou b >' l^ e y arc *- * £ W 'M t? e observed that there is only a limited
high stitched collar; each $2.00 jfc^ —i'™- -««»« quantity, but while they last the price will be, each 60c
linen crash striped underskirt, just the thing for outings, extra width and %£ .^ ~^uu .\w-i'jot> 6o ° P ilIow cascs « sizc 45*36 inches, 2-inch htm. the closer you examine
deep flounces; each $1.00 \wi^t^^W^^^Sw^^fjM ;^M^M them thc bcttCr value wil1 thcy ap f* ar at » cach IOC
full flounce stripe corded madras underskirt?, in blue only; each 75c >W?i&Mw%% tt 4 °°° Hale>s double warp pillow cases— whether better for hotel or private
popular Japanese kimonos, made of lawn, in black, pink, blue and white, == ""' C4 X^6 i nc jJ cs "*"-~ ' 20c °
depression in price of silverware «£? s « the qnandtl M *•
r\',ar>ck crn+\rlc r»i ittincr • , Jt 1S> , P n / ortunatel y us, no 16 to 1 proposition— the ratio is very much greater, as we have deter- .. - „
piece £OOU5 CUIlin^ mined at this inventory clean-up to close out every piece of silver or silver plated ware, if these prices small prices for Small Wares
wool dress fabrics and silks at after inventory w »l not do it, and do it quickly, the surprise of the year is to be ours, the goods are divided into dif- tji :^L *v* .,+*_ «# .#+»• <f,^-«*«^r» *«m
prices to incite the admiration of all close buyers. fer «nt lots, as follows: ' 6 vrhtr* the storm of after Inventory prices cen-
we now deal with two cases or about ,500 yards of all- trip , e g^S^^|^^gfl^P^^Mf^1^5 and colored, xoo
S^Ee^^^ pbsTn?ach C °ube?... P ..: &3
of opportunity hardly expected to include them in the after ?£"* tO ° numerous to mention, and all triple plated, our regular prices ranged from 50c to $1.00 now, „ o{ 2 _ inch jg head (the kind that not eome
inventory clearing sale, however, the two cases of 65c all- j ot a^reamers.'chii^enVcupV/card^VaysiVoothpick holders off) shawl pi " 9 . : onc dozen on «** «"» " •*
wool homespun in «ray and tan, 38 inches wide, will ranged from $1.00 to $1.50; now each . . . • 60.C 4° gross (size 24>pearl buttons, 3 dozen on ca«l~....5C
S ° "onnortSnittto buvnitfem ienrthVfnV Vumrner 1 lot . 4 — br u e .^ tra / s . c^amcrs. spoon" holders.' piVkle'jarsVteapotsi'Vii^^ 7S pairs children's lindsay hose supporters, with loop
it is an opportunity to Du> pattern lengths tor summer cracker jars, children's cups, berry dishes, powder boxes, cake baskets, all triple plated, some hand en- or safety pin top. in black, with felt button, regular 10c
or early fall at about 25 per cent under usual prices. gravcd othe rs burnished, our regular prices ranged from $1.50 to$2.so, now, cach 98c value, pair 5c
the all-wool plaids, in the best staple colors. '45 inches > & * -=*- Y Y *^ __ , . . £
wide, we formerlv sold at 85c and regarded them as good -**i^ r^ > '**V/'. 3°° balls Hale S knitting cotton, nos. 0, 8, 10 and 12. Wulte
value, we now offer, to close, at, per yard 30c y • "i^^^^^l-Si^ * .*. only> per baU 4C
a lot of all-wool covert suitings, the kind that have , ¦'^'-^"v f r /¦? i V t \ I'- *'? &$**'&''*%*¦ cupid brush edge skirt binding, 1 inch wide, Rood and
been so popular this season, and of which we have sold Jv^" 7 *"* If ¦ '» ¦ ' ' :! *^V'''*-^^-**^_ • serviceable; 1000 yards (black), per yard 3#c
at, per yard.... — ¦"•-. ••••.I'Sc ' "'-'rS',. .' \s : "'•' IS ¦•- •-" 1> " " -f'ffi^ 1^'. \ star hairoin cabinets containing 100 wire hairpins 60
rinc, nan-, tans and browns, these Venetians repiace the •'^^^^¦sC^'^S^!ijSffifi!i®!l^ : r Km J^-jrwaa" * I ' ¦''^^S^^^^^^S^'S^^^-^^'- heavy wire assorted lengths and 40 assorted invisibles,
wear, they nre just as serviceable, much more dressy and It §SSSwlKs& "^^t«^fflt^t&^^ y^ m^ ' v mohair skirt trimming, black only, braid lines 13, 16,
better finished, especially adapted for the hard wear at sea- Y/^SkHsP Wfik 1^^ 20, 24; I to 2 inch wide; regular I2j^C tO 2£C gOOd3; per yd.QC
worthy of purchase, the line of $1.25 per yard plaid silk on frjffig^ ."i tlOW flbbOIIS refill
etc. particularly choice for stylish shirt waists; reduced to', «T ,ffijy|Pi^jfflrag^^ the inventory disclosed to our satisfaction, even though
and never sold for less than $1.00 the yard", splendid for '^SBj^S^wJi^i.^S^y bons in bright shades, 4 inches wide; new black and white
this refJrs^foulardVlks. 3 which every yar/wisVeVthis i fi^^^RS[^f^^^^^^^^^^^f finc value at ' t}^ at ' which we arc S oin S t0 P ut in lht saI ' c - at
season and priced at $1.25, $1.00 and 85c. they are now r illustrations show what we have re-marked to, each. . per yard .• 23c
marked down to QoC. <x)C and 50c the yaru, respectively. gfeaaKjggg^WBpr m P ¦WSiffilflnPS''''^ $1.48 then it showed us more than 1200 yardj nos. 5 and 7 in
choicest patterns and colorings in thc market, and have black and white moire and plain assorted, together with
been ready sellers, there is now nothing newer or better, ] lot 5 — the variety in this lot is the greatest, the values the most exceptional, cake baskets, syrup something in excess of iooo yards no. 5 in all shades that are
prices as above being merely made to close them out dur- jugs, bread trays, cups and saucers, teapots, butter dishes, crumb pans and scrapers, celery holders, good and bright, plain taffeta, including . blues, browns,
ing this after inventory sale. chocolate jugs, sugar bowls, bon-bon dishes, berry dish and spoon, quadruple plated, hand engraved, lilacs, white and cream, and every bit goes at. per yard.. 5c
* .-« .-~i--..«~ *~_ —«- some burni shed and satin finished, sold regular from $2.00 to $4.00; now, each .$1.48
TUrniSningS TOr men lot 6— fruit bowl, nut bowl, syrup jug and tray, candelabra, berry dish, cake basket, water pitcher:
tell your husband, father or brother about <l uadru ple plated, sold regular from $3.00 to $550; now, each ! $1.08 millinery after inventory
Hale's after inventory clean-up, or, better yet, xnaka o J o t7-baking dishes, teapots, gravy boats, syrup jugs, smoking sets; quadruple plate, hand en- ar<j proud Qf styles wo have orIffinated _
t*e money saving purchases for tHem. 'S&SvX wi"^ hair 'cozen: n^^^MS^MP of the superb patterns we have during the entire sca-
45 dozen men's unlaundered shirts, made especially for toble'wo^lioJwrs^igiT^tui 1^ wuu£-^« e the°°hSff r olfzenf now n ™:"::::":::"::":":::""::::::$:$ s ° n »k°wn-and now at itsending weareequally proud
us. linen bosoms and wristbands, seams all double Stitched, oyster forks, rigufar price ttM half doze" now:..!.?.. fl-« °* the superior after inventory values we can give.
P^^, 615 - reinforced front, back and shoulders, split °™8e spoons, regular price $1.98 half dozen; now H-« , . rf h t th t j e 2Jt exce H en t, the ma-
neckband, long and short bosoms; all sizes, from 14 to 17: / ~ r JSm*7 terials quite good, and they are inthe draped effects of
cacn -•--•• -••• •- ••; • •• --^C r£Z\ f£S$Ff JAMS! /AWf- mouseline. chiffon and straw nets; each $4.00
wl^iS^Ki-^th i £?%;*%: «>r renta, tnis \^^^^M/ M Q^^ """'*, """3 , ? f^ hatS> " \^f^
cate. pretty patterns; all sizes, 14H to I6J4. this spring's '/ore after Sep. JZ^#S> /W * /^^^ <^^fe\ P r "n>ptly onf shades and destens; each $2 o 0 and $.1-00
good?, our price was 50c; for the clearing, each 37c t ° m * er ll ? "j /£W /Mf/ (%&§~M& <M&? ®S^^ <&g£2$&y "T?**/^ , 3 ° chi i dren ' s trimmed hats-hats we colder as good
men's black cotton half hose, made with a white °' H ' Umt>Sen & /ffl/ /£$/ V «. best fa*/- values at 52.50. now ....... . . . - . .?ixo -and $i. 4 o
foot, a good medium weight, fine gauge sock, in Company. /ffl/ JSSUyA* -^ /ties upon the ready-to-wear hats-a collection of hats suitable a
V sizes 10 and 10^2 only, this was our i2Vi c stock, but X*3#y _ -€= -—"* GM4Tbfh9'± coast. f or a n occasions, there are ten different styles and a J&
ghw size assortment breaks the price to, per pair ioc **~ ,H,Z^^^ full line of colors; each c ,Am§r
U* TBE CREDIT HO USE"
• Six Stories High
; WrUov RocTrer, for Parlor or
| Porch. High back, roll-arms
| StBong, nicely finished, grace-
} fal design. Made for summarfe
! comfort and -winter's Berrice.
| Tba "one more rocker* that'll
; bo welcomed S2 """
! Tbr«e-sectloa, Oak-frame Screens.
j Fancy f«t and grill tops. Bright,
| figured sikahne coyerei An artis-
| tic home convenience; 51.25 up.
} Our furniture Is oa the floor for
; you to see and admire, and you are
• alwavs welcome — we take a visit
• for tliat purpose 2s a favor.
• Dr2pcry Department — New arrivals
{ in nearly every line, Some new ef-
• ferts In heavy, fringed Oriental Tap-
J estry Table Covers. 6-4 from $1-50
J up; 8-4 from 51.75 up; household
! beauties, every one.