THE CITY OF MONZA. WHERE KING HUMBERT MET HIS DEATH
Sfor.za is situated in Lcmbardy, ten miles north of Milan, and has for a
lcng time been the summer residence of the Kings of Sardinia and Italy.
Kin? Humbert and his family generally spent some eight months of the year
at the Villa Real, within tho confines of the city. Monza has a population
of about i?,D09. It was the capital of the Lombard Kingdom of Italy, and
boasts of a number of ancient historic buildings, among which is the cathe
dral, founded A. D. Z%. by Que^n Theodellnda, where is kept since ages back
the iron crown and regalia of Lombardy. The tall tower of the cathedral
is shown on the left of the picture, while on the right, near the foreground.
Is seen the front of the municipal building, in the rear of which lies the Ath
letlc Park, where the assassination of King Ifumbert was accomplished.
ROME, July. 31.— All the military and naval forces throughout the country
will to-day (Tuesday) take the oath of fidelity to the new King. All the
Deputies of the Extreme Left now In Rome met together yesterday after
noon and adopted a resolution expressing abhorrence of the crime. The Car
dinals met at the residence of Monsignor Rampolla to discuss the line of
conduct to be followed In connection with- the obsequies. Last evening the stu
dents paraded the streets, cheering for the House of Savoy. No disturbance of
public order has been reported at any point. "
A proclamation from the Queen Regent has arrived announcing the ascension
of the new King and stating that Parliament will be convoked after the funeral.
Several warships have started to meet King Victor. It la reported that Em
peror. William will attend the funeral
The socialists and anarchists have Issued a Armal condemnation of the crime.
The police have made several arrests of suspected persons, on the theory that a
conspiracy exists. y."-. r
The socialist organ Avanta accuses the Government of being the indirect
assassin of the King because of a mistaken policy of dealing with the socialists.
In consequence of .this tirade the police «elzed the Avanta.
The Pope's grief was unmistakable. Assurances have been conveyed to the
Government that the Vatican will discourage any attempt to embarrass the Min
istry. This is the outcome of a rumor that a dangerous coalition exists between
the extreme Papal party and the Republicans for the overthrow of the monarchy.
Military and Naval Forces of Italy
Will To-Day Take me Oatn of
Fidelity to tlie New King.
# Continued on Fifth Page.
terrible tragedy are available.
It happened so quickly and un
expectedly that the King was
dead almost before the spectators
realized what had occurred. No
special precautions had been
taken. Very few police were in
ittendance, . and only a small
of soldiers was keeping the
,vay clear for the carriage. The
King, amid the cheers of the
crowd, came out smiling, accom
panied by his aid-de-camp, Gen
eral Ponzio Baglia. He had en
tered the carriage and was. just
driving off when the revolver
The Villa Real, or Royal Palace,
was built In 1719 by Archduke Fer
dinand of Austria after designs by
Plennarlnl. Several additions have
been made since, and only a few
years ago a smoking and "relaxa
tion" building was added on the
right (not shown In the picture)
by King Humbert. The villa
stands In a Jarge and beauiuut
park, which lies to the right of the
part of the city of Monza shown.
In the accompanying picture.
THE VILLA REAL. MONZA,
WHERE KINO HUMBERT WAS
RESIDING AND WHERE HI8
BODY WAS TAKEN.
COBURG, July 31.— Prince Alfred Ern
est Albert, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and
Gotha.fclied at 10 o'clock last evening at
Rosenau Castle, from j paralysis of the
heart. ' He was born in 1S44.
Heart Disease Ends the Life of
Prince Alfred Ernest
Albertr
DUKE OF SAXE-COBURG
AND GOTHA IS DEAD
BERNE. July 30.— The news of the as
sassination caused emotion at the Federal
palace and throughout Switzerland. The
Federal Council this afternoon sent a tel
egram of condolence to Queen Margherita
at Monza.
En)otioQ in Switzerland.
BRUSSELS, July 30— A special dispatch
from Rome says: Mgr. Angelo di Pietro,
prefect of the Congregation of the Coun
cil, took it upon himself to inform the
Pope of the assassination of King- Hum
bert. He entered the chamber of the
Pope at an early hour. The latter was
already awake.
The Cardinal cautiously first stated that
an attempt had been made upon the life
of the King, whereupon the Pope Immed
iately asked if the wound was dangerous.
The prelate replied, "Very dangerous."
But his anxious air was noticed by the
Pope, who at once divined the truth. His
emotion was such that he was, unable to
speak for some time. When hfs distress
had passed he wished to leave his bed
and to celebrate mass for the repose of the
King's soul.
Later he summoned Cardinal Rampolla,
Papal Secretary of State, whom he re
quested to send a dispatch of condolence
to the Princess Clotildc sister of the
Queon. The audiences fixed for to-day
were suspended.
POPE LEO MUCH
MOV,ED BY NEWS
was warned June 30 that secret anarchist
societies had decided on the death of Kins
Humbert and four other sovereigns. As
a matter of fact an anarchist was arrested i
July 24 at Pontafa, on the Austro-Itallan
frontier, who declared he had been select-,
ed to assassinate Kins Humbert. In
creased guards were attached to King
Humbert, who, however, ordered them j
withdrawn.
The Temp? Kdds that the Pope was the |
first to convey condolences to the widow
and Quern. %
' Many Italian deputies and journalists j
are in Paris at th's time. The deputies 1
are participating in the inter-Parliamen- j
tary Congress on Arbitration and the |
journalists are here to attend the Inter- )
national Press Congress. • j
Signor Villa, president of the t Italian |
Chamber of Deputies, was Interviewed t> ;
day regarding the assassination of Kins
Humbert and said:
"I ani unable at this time to predict the
result to Italy. I will leave Paris to-night j
to preside over the extraordinary session j
of the Chamber of Deputies which has
been called.
Causes Cruel Sadness.
Deputy de Xava said: "My colleagues
and myself are sorely afflicted. The news
of the assassination will cause a cruel
sadness throughout Italy. King Humbert
was beloved by all our countrymen. He
was more a father to us than a sovereign.
As to the future, Italy is very conserva
tive. The new King will be well received.
He is a young man of fine character, who
has studied conscientiously. He 'has never
taken any part In public affairs, but
thanks to the thorough education he has
received, he will soon be in a position to
I where Sperandlo refused it and went
across the ocean to carry out the decree
that Humbert should die.
In manners Bressl was quiet. Men who
worked beside him In Hamll & Booth's
( mill, say he was the last one they wouM
¦ select as an assassin. He spoke Httlo
- and volunteered nothing about himself.
"When there wns a shop call and the men.
went on one of their numerous strikes,
Bressi left his looms obediently, but wa.i
never one of the first. Each Satunlav
nlghr he left the mill and hurried away.
He went to IIobokf>n. wh*»re his -wife and
little girl arp said to live. He never
brought them to Paterson. lie remrflnerl
away untl! Monday morning. He roomed
in the center of the anarchist section. H:s
meals were taken at the Hotel Kartholdi.
The proprietor of th» hotel says he knows
the man well. Bressl. according to th<?
proprietor, came into his place* three
times a day for six days a week. He was
never there en Sundays.
Beyond biddins the time of day to the
proprietor and the waiter he spoke to no
one. He was tall and dark and had stoop
ing shoulders. To some it was known
that his Ideas were extreme and that
he was of the inner circle of the an
archists,
William J. Oit, the foreman of the silk
mill, said to-day that had Bressl asked
him for a letter recommending' him to silk
manufacturers he would have written him
a strong one. He was a good workman
on broad goods, he said, and never raised
any trouble. At the boardlr.^-house it
was the same story. He came and went
regularly and never gave any trouble.
Bressl entered the employ of Hamll &
THE NEW KING AND QUEEN OF ITALT.
Italian Government Warned.
The Temps says the' Italian Government
PARIS. July S3.— The account of the
assassination of King Humbert has cre
ated profound sorrow in official circles
here. All official fetes have been aban
doned until after the obsequies. The flags
of all public buildings are draped. The
Italian embassy and the Italian building
at the exposition are in heavy mourning.
Only one morning paper, r Eclair, had the
news, and this very briefly. Its sale was
tremendous and every one on the boule
vards this morning was eagerly scanning
the insufficient news.
When notified of the death of King
Humbert, President Loubet sent a mili
tary officer of his household to express his
condolence to the Italian Embassador.
Count Tornellle-Brusati di Vergano.
Later In Uie afternoon the Embassador
visited the Palace of the Elysee and offi
cially announced the death of his sov
ereign. President Loubet sent to the new-
King of Italy the following:
"I place before your Majesty the ex
pression of unanimous Indignation of my
country against the odious attempt which
has taken from Italy its generous chief.
I bey your Majesty to accept this expres
sion "of my deep sympathy, and I place
at the feet of her Majesty. Queen Mar
gherita, my respectful homage and my
sincere condolences." -
It was rumored this afternoon that an
attempt had been made against the life
of the Shah of Persia, but investigation
proved that while the Shah was visiting
the exposition this morning a number of
his suite noticed near a rough looking per
son carrying poignards in his belt. On ac
count of his suspicious actions this indi
vidual was arrested.
Sympathy of the French.
All the Country Mourns.
Telegrams from all the towns and vil
lages of Italy show that all the country
deeply mourns the death of the King.
Kverywhere flaps are half-masted and
shops are closed. All garrison towns ; at
noon saluted with 1M guns, while at the
naval ports minute puns wore fired. The"
municipality of Milan half-masted its flap
and published a manifesto objurgating
the horrible tragedy. The bourse at
Rome has closed and not a store is open.
Signs of mourning . rapidly appeared
throughout the city. . Crape is displayed
uprtn many residences and public build
ings. Portraits of the murdered monarch
at points of vantage, draped in black, and
flags are flying at half-mast everywhere.
King Humbert's remains will be brought
to Rome and laid to rest in the Pantheon.
It Is stated that the name of the as
sassin does not appear in the list of dan
gerous anarchists known lo the police.
A few newspapers this morning pub
lished tributes to the noble qualities of
King Humbert, declaring that it is
through. his love for the working classes
that he has fallen a victim to assassina
tion. The papers add a few words of
sympathy and respect for the new King.
¦ % OME, July 30. — Thousands of tele
1*1 grams have been received from all
r"\ parts of the country indicative of
"I" I" thTTdeep* eorrnw^ffeH by* the whole
nation. Everywhere work was
suspended to-day and the bourses and
theaters were closed. In the principal
cities the municipal authorities are con
sidering plans to honor the memory of the
murdered monarch. At Messina a pro
cession marched through the streets
cheering for the house of Savoy and the
young King. At Palermo an imposing
demonstration proceeded in solemn si
lence to the municipal offices to express
the sorrow and indignation of the popu
lation, after which a vast crowd cheered
the new King. There were similar dem
onstrations in other towns.
The Conservator of the Quirinal has
sealed up all the private apartments of !
King Humbert and all the doors^ of the
palace except one. The member^ of the
diplomatic corps all went this morning to
the Foreign Office to tender their condo
lences. The visitors' books at the
Quirinal have already been filled with the
names of callers.
Profound calm prevails throughout the
entire country. Such members of the
Chamber of Deputies as are in Rome met
this morning and adopted a resolution ex
ecrating the crime and expressing un
bounded sorrow.
It appears that when King
Humbert was wounded he ex
claimed, "It is nothing."
The royal carriage covered the
distance between the Gymnastic
MOXZA. July 30. — After the
shooting of King Humbert
last night, a? soon as his Maj
esty's attendant could realize
what had happened, he was
placed in his carriage and driven
as rapidly as possible to the
palace. lie was. however, beyond
human aid. The assassin's name
is variously given as Angelo and
< iaetno Bressir "Hewa?" born in
Prato. November 10. 1869. and is
a weaver by trade. He said that
he had no accomplices and that
he committed the deed because
of his hatred of monarchical in
stitutions. He reached Monza
July 27 from Milan, where he
staved a few davs.
Bursting into tears she ex
claimed: "It is the greatest
crime of the century. Humbert
was good and faithful. Xo per
son could have loved his people
more. He was one who bore ill
Bressi is young, tall and
swarthy. It appears he remained
four days at Prato and two days
at Bologne, after which he came
here. When Queen Margherita
arrived at the villa it was still
hoped that the King would sur
vive,- and when the truth* was
broken to her a heartrending
scene ensued.
The King expired on the way,
and, although placed on a bed.
was dead when the doctors ar
rived.
Society clubhouse, where the
crime was committed, and the
royal villa at full speed, requiring
but three minutes.
will to none.*'
When the Queen's mother ar
! rived there was another affecting
scene.
The assassin is strictly guarded
I in prison. He continues to pre
serve absolute indifference and
took his meals to-day without
; any sign of being affected by his
i position. A second revolver
f V\ : asToun'fr6ri~fhe public street
j and in the gymnasium grounds.
The room where the emljalm-,
ing is proceeding is already filled
I with flowers. The Queen herself
j placed a Vvreath on the bier and
i knelt and prayed beside the body,
and in spite of the entreaties of
the Princes and Princesses she
I refused to quit the death chain-
! her, which is in charge of Count
j Jourri, the late King's aid-de- j
; camp. . •
Few additional details of the
"Tell them that I came from America on purpose to kill Umberto," hissed out Assassin
Bressi in an interview at Monza in which he denied that he had any accomplice, and said that
his motive was "simply my anarchistic principles."
Pope Leo. divining the worst, while the news was being gently broken to him, was overcome
with grief and at once expressed a desire to celebrate mass for the King's soul, and sent a dis
patch of condolence to Princess Ciothilde. Deep grief is shown throughout Italy, and profound
calm prevails, while the. authorities are prepared to quell any disorder that may arise. Should the
absence of King Victor Emmanuei ill extend beyond forty-eight hours a brief regency, it is said in
some quarters, will be established in accordance with the constitution.
It is asserted in Paris that on June 20 last the Italian Government was warned of an an
archist plot against the lives of King Humbert and four other monarchs.
While nations expressed their sympathy with Italy and her Queen in their bereavement, the
police of New York took steps to ascertain, if possible, whether Bressi's crime was an indepen
dent act of an individual or the outcome of a conspiracy. So far it has been ascertained that the
assassin sailed from New York on the Werra for Genoa June 23, and he was known as an anarch
ist. His name is said to be unknown in the list of dangerous anarchists held by the Italian police.
He has an American wife living in West Hoboken.
IT is the greatest crime of the century," cried Queen Margherita in her outburst of tears
over the tragedy at Monza.
"It is nothing," exclaimed the King when he received his mortal wound. "I must take
my chances, for that is the trade of a King." . •
"It Is Nothing," Replied Humbert After Being
Mortally Wounded. "I Must Take My
Chances, for That Is the Trade of a King"
A few months ago a man. said to be
Count Mcletcskl. the head of the Italian
anarchJst3. was In Paterson and during
his stay Sperandio and Bressi were his"*
companions, and they showed him about
the city and introduced him to othtra m
the city, who were his mentors there. It
would seem that his friend, having falt
ered at regicide. Bressi took up his burden
NEW YORK. July 30.— Angelo Bressi
lived In Paterscn. N. J.. for over a year.
He appeared to have had various names.
The one he gave last night when taken
Into custody for the murder of the King
of Italy was one. Another was Angelus
Bressi. and still another, the one by
which he was known to those who knew
him In Paterson. was Caetano Bressi. Ho
was employed In Hamil & Booth's silk
mills. His close friend there was Cari
boni Sperandlo, the man who a few weeks
ago shot down his foreman and then killed
himself, leaving behind a letter telling
how he had been selected by lot to kill
King Humbert, and having his choice.
owing to his living so far away from Italy,
killed the foreman instead.
ASSASSIN'S CAREER
WHILE IN AMERICA
work for the good of the country."
President Loubet and M. Delcasse called
at the Italian embassy this afternoon.
Universal Sorrow Over the Assassination of
King Humbert— Italian Government Had
Been Warned of the Plot of Anarchists.
An eye-witness says that im
mediately after the shots were
fired the King felhback pressing
his hand to. his heart. He was
instantly supported by General
Ponzio Baglia, who told the
coachman to drive with all speed
to the castle. After his exclama
tion, "It is nothing-," he did not
utter a sound. Blood gushed
from his rriouth.
unexpected scene, but speedily a
rush was made toward the assas
sin. He did not attempt' to es
cape and was roughly treated
until the carbineers formed a cor
don and secured him from the
fun- of the people.
Special Cable to the' Xew Tork Herald.
Copyright, 3000, by New York Herald
rubllshir.gCompany. Republlcation of
' this dispatch Is prohibited. All rights
reserved in tile United States and
Great Britain.
LONDON*. July $L— The Dally
Mail publishes the following
from Us special correspondent:
MONZ A , July 30.-I have
b'cen able ' to have an • interview
¦with Bressi, the assassin of King.
Hambert; in. the guard room of the
Carbineers' barracks, where ho was
taken immediately after his cap- ,
ture. Bressi was in a pitiable con
dition, his hands and arms being
lacerated and covered with blood as
the result of his struggle with the
crowd, who showed every disposi
tion to lynch him. .He was stretch- '
ed out on a borch, -wrapped in a
coat, as we entered the guard room.
¦With glaring eyes he regarded his
visitors with a wild look, and to my
questions hissed through his
clenched teeth:
"Tell them I came from America,
where I was a Bilk weaver, on pur
pose to kill Humbert."
"What motive had you for kill
ing him?"
"Simply my anarchistic princi
ples." ¦ i
It has been thought Bressi had
an accomplice, for the revolver has
been found in a field near where the
crime was ' committed. Moreover
Bressi had been seen in the park" In
Monza in with a young
man near where the King was In
the habit of riding. But .when he
was asked whether he had any ac
complices, BreSEi replied:
"1 know no one. I confess the
crime. I have onlj" just come from
America. I spent a day at Bou
logne and then came on to Milan."
Search at Rressi's home at-Prato
has resulted in finding several com
promising -letter? from New York.
One Is signed with a lady's name
and dated New York, June 25. In.
this letter the writer asks if alt is
ready and expresses a hope that he
will soon return."
f- '¦:¦'¦¦ .
shots were fired in cjuick succes
sion. Some witnesses assert that
Bressi was seen just previously
waving his hands and cheering.
The first shot wounded the King
in the neck, the second — the fatal
one — pierced his heart, and the
third broke the. arm of the al
ready dying sovereign.
The crowd was stunned bv the
Bressi Confesses
That He Went
From America
on Purpose to
Kill the King.
"GREATEST CRIME OF THE CENTURY,"
CRIED THE BEREAVED QUEEN MARGHERITA
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 31, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. Gl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.' ONE OF THE HEAVY GUNS, MOUNTED ON* THE WALL OF PE- X
KING, USED TO BOMBARD THE LEGATIONS. . . j«
CALIFORNIA WOMAN'S
ESCAPE FROM THE BOXERS
Wife of Consul Ragsdaie Writes of the
- Attack on Tientsin and Flight of
Herself and Hep-Children.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
SANTA ROSA. July 20.— News was received in thia city to-day that .Mrs. J.
W. Uagsdale, wife of the American Consul at Tientsin, together with her
children, Earl and Effle, and her daughter-in-law, Mrs. Bertrand Ragsdaie,
are safe at Nagasaki, Japan, having escaped from Tientsin on July 2. Con
sul Ragsdnle and his son, Bertrand, were, at the time of writing, still in Tien
tsin, having stayed at their posts. A letter written on June 13 was received
here about ten days ago, but beyond describing the scenes of activity witnessed
in the preparations for the expected trouble contained nothing startling. To-day's
letter, which arrived this morning addressed to Mrs. S. P. Whiting, was from
Mrs. Ragsdaie herself and contains much of interest, being in part as follows:
"I have started you a letter which I find I can't finish, telling you of our
siege and departure from Tientsin, where we left Mr. Ragsdaie and Bert well
and our house not injured. All the women and children have been ordered out
for fear of fever and famine. The place is packed with soldiers and they will
require all the houses for them. We have Americans, both .well and wounded,
at the consulate and we have a cook and other servants, gathered from the
refugees, so Mr. Ragsdale will be able to run the house. I wtis asked or rather
ordered to take my children and leave, to show to others that it was safe to
go to Taku. By the river it is a distance of sixty-eight -miles. We started on
July 2, at 11 a. m., on the Chinese Viceroy's tug, that had been captured by tho
Americans. So we came out— Mrs. Bert Ragsdalo and buby, Effle and Earl and
myself and .our Chinese amah, tho only Chlneso sen-ant who did not run away
on Saturday, June 1G. the day before we were Bhelled from the Viceroy's forts,
two miles above Tientsin and the attack on us begun in earnest.- We arrived
at Taku at 7 o'clock,' p. m., having made a 'quick trip nnd went on the Monoc
acy, an American gunboat anchored in tho river. There we spent the* night
and learned of the firing on a party who came down two hours later than we
did. "? :¦ • . %
"We only saw natives, but they met troops, proving it was not by any
means a safe trip that others might.be led to follow. We, by the advice of
Admiral Kempff, came on to Japan, as the wholo of China Is In a turmoil.
Will try to have the next letter ready to go by the first mail going oqt in a
few days on the City of Peking. Of our dear friends in Peking as yet wo know
nothing. The agony we have endured for them has been dreadful."
The letter states that the two Itagsdalo children. Earl and Effl«. are now
en route to San Francisco, from where they will come to this city to make
their temporary home with friends. The writer says that it Is with the greatest
relief that she sees her children depart for a place of safety, her fear that
they might fall into the hands of the terrible Chlneso mob being always with her.
She says that she has tried to persuado her dnughtor-in-law to take her baby
and return also to California, but that Bho will not do bo.
say they will have no trouble In raising
100,000 men at once. Their ultimate object
is to place Emperor Kwang Su securely
on the throne. Sixty prominent reformers
from Eastern American cities nailed for
China to-day by the steamer Empress of
India.
LONDON, July 30.— The Chefu corre
spondent of the Dally Express, telegraph
ing July 25, says:
"I have received a dispatch from Pe
king, dated July 10, saying: 'All silent.
Bullets and shells occasionally fired from
streets, causing but few casualties.'
"It is reported that eighteen foreigners
have been murdered at Tung Chou, on the
Peiho."
EIGHTEEN FOREIGNERS
SLAIN AT TUNG CHOU
NEW YORK, July 30.— The cable com
panies sent out the following notice: "We
are advised that communication between
Shanghai and Chefu is restored."
COMMUNICATION RESTORED.
PORT ARTHUR. July 25.— The damage
to the forts and barracks at Tientsin is
belne rapidly repaired. The Chinese troops
occupy three camps well situated to op
pose tho advance of tMe allies to Peking.
TO V OPPOSE ALLIES' ADVANCE.
Pppclnl m«patch to Th#> Cnh.
PARIS. July 30.— Thfl French Consul at
Shanghai cables that the Chinese army
of 15,000 men, under command of Imperial
Commissioner LI Ping Hong, la marching,
by order of the Empress Dowager, from
Nanking to Wouchou, murdering Chris
tiana and plundering property. The French
protected cruiser Pascal has arrived at
Shanghai. Tho Christians in Koklen are
becoming uneaay. The Magistrates are
maintaining order.
CHINESE ARMY MOVING
BY ORDER OF THE EMPRESS
rpaontntlvos under eneort to Tientsin, or
tho rentora*lon to them o* »ree telegraphio
communication with thdr urovernments.
LONDON, July 30.— Sir Chin Chen. Chi
nese Minister in London, has been notified
by telegram that Li Hung Chang, con
jointly with other Viceroys and .Gover
nors, has memorialized' the throne" to urge
the immediate sending of the foreign rep-
URGES SENDING OF
FOREIGNERS TO TIENTSIN
Fightlr.g continuously the column with
difficulty reached the station at Ajasand
sian. where, on July 8. It was surrounded
by Chinese troops. Reinforcements were
eer.t and the withdrawal of the column
Russians Surrounded.
WASHINGTON, July 30. — Now \
that the I>ondon Foreign Office |
has heard from Sir Claude Mac- j
.lonaM the officials here confl- j
drmly export that within a very
Fhorttim<» HomethinR will come from Min
lFifr CniiKor if he be. Ftill aiive. This be- j
lief Is based upon the assumption that i
Mr. Conger's facilities for communication j
to his Government are at l^ast equal to
those possessed by his diplomatic colleague
and that li«» will avail himelf of the very
first opportunity to let the people of the
Vr.it*><3 States know he is alive and what j
are th<? real conditions in Peking. Some
disappointment if expressed here because
of the absence of any <late to Sir Claude's
dispatch, the message in its» present shape
le.ivlr.g uncertain Just up to what time it
brings exe:Us in Peking. It was pointed
out to-night, however, that the probabil
ity is that the date. July 21. at the end
of the message Is the day on which it was
sent, as the body of the communication
tayi an armistice had been in existence
since Julv lfi.
Officials are horrified at the -great num- j
bfr ff persons who have been killed and j
wounded and Fay that when the day of j
reckoning comes China will have a big
acoouDt to settle with different nations.
fiT. PETERSBURG. July 3'J.— The Rus-
Fian general staff has rt-ceived dispatches
from various commanders indicating a
rerious Ftate of afCairp through Manchu
ria. The revolt in the neighborhood of
Mukden and the district northward has
assumed such proportions that the Kus-
Eian column has been compelled to re
treat from Mukden southward.
Mr. Broderick also read a dispatch in
which the statement was made that a
strong body of troops, composed entirely
of Kwang Sus, was around the legations
and the Chinese were forced to block the
river with sunken craft and make a
LONDON. July 80.— In the House of
Commons to-day the Parliamentary Sec
retary for the Foreign Office. Mr. William
St. John Broderick. read the dispatch
from the British Consul at Tientsin, say
ing that the foreign Ministers at Peking
were safe July 22.
RUSSIANS TO GUARD AND .
MANAGE THE RAILROAD
In view of this evidence the British Gov
ernment is convinced that the legations
are safe.
?
"A reliable messenger, who failed to
enter Peking but reached there, returns,
etatlng that there had been so firing oil
the legations between July 15 and
July 19." >• ~ \
LONDON, July 30.— The British Consul
at Tientsin telegraphs to the Foreign Of
fice to-day that a letter from a Japanese
colonel in Peking states that the lega
tions were safe on July 22. There had
been no firing on the legations since July
I". The Consul a<fds:
The Cordes mentioned in the above dis
patch is the second Interpreter of the
German legation. He was with Baron
von Ketteler when the latter was mur
dered and himself was wounded. He es
caped to the legation.
" 'According to a trustworthy report the
body of Baron von Ketteler has been
buried by the Chinese government's
order.* "
" 'Thanks for your news. On July 16
the condition of Cordes was satisfactory.
The remaining members of the legation
are all right. The detachment of the
guards lost ten men killed and fourteen
wounfled. The houses of the legation
were much damaged by cannon flre, but
are being held by the guard. The attack
of the Chinese troops on us ceased July
16. Speediest possible advance of relief
troops urgently necessary. '
BERLIN. July 30.— The German Consul
at Tientsin has telegraphed under date of
Saturday* July 2S, to the Foreign Office
as follows: "The German Secretary of
Legation at Peking, I Terr Below, writes
July 21:
Encouraging Tidings.
BRUSSELS, July 30.— A dispatch from
Admiral Alexieff, dated at Tientsin July
30 and communicated to the Foreign Of
fice, states that the latest advices confirm
th* news that the foreign Ministers at
Peking are out of danger.
TIENTSIN. July 22 (via Shanghai. July
5r>i ¦— Tne latest advices from Peking, under
date of July 15. say that the legations are
holding out. The Chinese attacked the
legations on the night of July 10, but
were led Into a trap by the Americans and
British and 1030 of them were killed.
Afterward they continued bombarding the
legations more freely. ..:.V
Among the Chinese killed was General
Ma. • • •
The legations were subcequently at
tacked with constantly increasing fury.
These advices were brought from Peking
by a courier.
The railway from Mukden to Telln and
Daschizao has been completely destroyed
and the fate of the workmen and railway
officials north of Mukden is not known.
The whole, Mukden district is menaced by
large bodies of Chinese troops with ar
tillery.
Chinese troops and Boxers, in defiance
of treaties, have appeared at the towns of
Tukshou, Slnjudshi and Gaifen inciting
the inhabitants to revolt. On July 17 the
garrison at Slnjudshi was shelled from
the town, throe men being killed. A Rus
sian detachment, returning from an in
spection of affairs in Gaoudun peninsula,
was attacked and surrounded by Chinese
troops on July 21. The Russians eventu
ally repulsed the Chinese with a loss of
fight Cossacks killed and ten wounded.
Similar reports have been received from
other points.
A pah from this dispatch there is practically no. fresh news,
although a special from Tientsin asserts that the British and the
American forces are getting ready to advance within forty-eight
hours. Li Hung Chang remains at Shanghai. He says the
great licit prevents him continuing the journey to Peking.
was effected to Daschizao, with forty
eight casualties, killed, wounded and
mi.-slnir.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July SO.— W. A.
Cum Yow, secretary of the Chinese Re
form Association of Canada, announced
to-day that cables had been" received by
representative leaders of the association
all over the world from Kang Yu Wei,
head of the reformers, to come to Maco,
China,- at once. A council of war Is to be
held there for the purpose 'of arranging
for the raising of an army to supporr> the
allied powers. , The reform association
claims a membership of 20,000,000," and they
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHINESE REFOMERS
WOULD AID ALLIES
General MacArthur has protested so
vigorously against the withdrawal of
any more troops of his command that the
War Department authorities are reluc
tant to act against his wishes.
The Third and Seventh Infantry* regi
ments now in tho Philippines are under
orders for China, but will leave Manila
only in case of "extraordinary emer
gency."
The War Department has ordered two
more batteries of artillery to China. C of
the Seventh Regiment; now at. Fort Ad
ams, R. I., and M of the same regiment,
now at Washington Barracks. They will
go by the way of Nagasaki, and in the
event of a settlement of tho Chinese trou
bles will be sent to the Philippines.
That any legation buildings remain
standing and that any of their Inmates
are alive after being subjected to flre for
nearly a month is regarded here as little
short of marvelous and showing their
lack of efficiency.
Military men in Washington have all
along insisted that the International com
manders were overestimating the fighting
power of the Chinese troops. The, defeat
of a great force of Chinese at Tientsin by
a much smaller number Is cited as evi
dence of this.
WASHINGTON. July SO.— Although
Lieutenant Sanford of the signal corps
paid in his dispatch to General Greedy
that "further advance may not be matte
before September." . it is expected that
General Chaffee will strongly oppose any
fiuch^deiay. War Department officials
rely on the American commander to find
out speedily the exact situation which
confronts the international forces.
FIGHTING POWER OF
CHINESE OVERESTIMATED
WASHINGTON. Julv 30.— The tele
graphic conditions in China just new are
unsatisfactory and tho governments in
terested are endeavoring to better affairs.
The rta! cable station from which China
news is sent is Shanghai. The only way
the offife can be reached by wire from
Chefu is overland. This hind line is un
der the control of the Chinese authorities
and Slieng. of whom so much has oeen
published, and they control everything
which goes over It. The only communica
tion that the United States has between
Taku and Chefu is by naval vessels. It
is presmned, but Is not known, that the
international forces have telegraphic oom
municntion between Tientsin and Taku.
At Taku the conditions are not satisfac
tory. The international fleet, including the
American ¦warships, lie far off shore and
messages must bo sent out to them by
tugs. The nations are trying to arrange
for a cable from Shanghai to Chefu. Al
ready arrangements have been mnde to
lay a cable across from Taku to Chefu,
and the United States will pay its share,
amounting to $150,000. Some difficulty is
encountered In arranging the details for
the international cabltj from Chefu to
Shanghai, as all the governments have to
be consulted and communication with the
cable office and telegraph companies must
be provided for.
POWERS MUST LAY
CABLES TO GET NEWS
THE ITALIAN LEGATION.
PEKING. WITH CHINESE SOL
DIERS ON GUARD IN FRONT.
> Prom Le Monde Illustre.
breach in the left bank, in order to flood
the country to the eastward.
Mr. Broderick added that the council of
admirals decided July 16 that the rail
road between Taku and Tientsin should
be guarded and should be managed by the
Russians. The Government has informed
Russia it acquiesced, as tho arrangement
might be the nj^pre convenient, but that It
must be clearly understood that the line
would revert to its former management,
that is. the British, on termination of hos
tilities. Mr. Broderick added that he did
not yet know who was to have supreme
command. British troops would be avail
able to co-operate with the allies, but no
arrangement has been made to put them
in command of foreign officers.
WASHINGTON. July 30. — _The
Secretary of State received at
midnight a dispatch from Mr.
Fowler. American Consul at
Chefu, dated July 29, noon. Mr.
Fowler says:
"A letter from the . German legation,
dated the 21st lnst.. has been received at
Tientsin. The German loss is between
ten and twelve injured. The Chinese
ceased their attack on the 12th. Baron
von Ketteler's body is said to be safe.
The Austrian, Dutch and Spanish lega
tions were destroy^, and the French par
tially. A letter from the Japanese lega
tion dated the 22d arrived at Tientsin on
the 25th. Ten battalions of Chinese
shelled the legations consecutively from
the 20th of June and stopped on the litn
of July, but may renew. The enemy are
decreasing. The German. Russian. Amer
ican. British and half the Japanese and
French legations arf* still defended. The
Japanese say they have food for six days,
but little ammunition. The Emperor and
Empress are reported at Peking."
Proceeding With Caution.
The effect of the day's news from China
was to freshen the hope that the Gov
ernment can noon get In direct communi
cation with Minister Conger. The mass
of testimony as to his being alive as late
as the 22d inst. is now so great as to war
rant the department in resuming consid
erations of projects for the future. With
all its anxiety to pet Mr. Conner and the
Americans in Peking safely away, the de
partment is proceeding with the proper
caution, and is by no means disposed to
accept any proposition that w.ould unduly
Jeopardize their lives. Such might be the
result of an off-hand acceptance of the
proposition to have the Chinese Govern
ment deliver the foreign Ministers at.
Tientsfn. for it Is realized that the escort
might be overpowered by superior forces
of Boxers on the way to the 9*»a. The
State Department has come to the con
clusion that Mr. Conner himself ia the
best person to Judge of the conditions un
der which his deliverance shall be ef
fected, and therefore it Is again looking
to the Chinese Government to place it in
communication with Mr. Conger in order
that it may be advised by him. That re
quirement was the first of the conditions
laid down by President McKinley in his
answer to the appeal of the Chinese Em
peror, so that the situation diplomatically
cannot be said to have been materially
changed by the developments of to-day.
The State Department was inclined to
regard Consul Fowler's communication as
the most valuable piece of confirmatory
evidence yet received touching the ea.tf.ty
of the Peklns diplomats. Up to a late
hour no answer had been received to the
second Congctf message, but in view of
Consul Fowler's news the officials were
Inclined to look forward to an early re-
Pl It is known here that Germany is one
of the governments which is putting forth
every effort to get Into direct communica
tion with the beleaguered Ministers, and.
like the United States, has had recourse
to the "underground- route. An object of
special solicitude is to discover whether
Baroness von Ketteler has escaped or
whether she has shared the fate of her
husband. Up to the present nothing has
been received to throw light upon the
subject. : -2 , aa
Some Discrepancies.
Baron von Holleben. the Gern ™ n -^ m "
-bassador. called upon Secretary Hay this
morning. He said he had not received an>
word from Berlin on receipt of the Im
portant letter from the German legauon
at P-kin*. described by Mr. Fowler.
As is always the cas« with these Chi
nese advices, a discrepancy appears im
mediately upon a comparison of the Ger
man and the Japanese advices. The
German representative said the attack
stopped on the 12th: the Japanese report
place*, the cessation of flrimc on the lUh.
The State Department officials believe
this is easily explainable by a considera
tion of the difference between the Chris
tian and Chinese calendars. Another cu
rlons statement, however, is contained in
the Japanese report that six legations
were belnp still defended on the 22d. Thij
Is in apparent conflict with Mr. Conger's
last reported statement that the legation
ers were "in the British^ legation under
continued shot and shell."
Jt was understood that Mr. Conger
meant that all the legatloners were in
the British legation, though this might
have been a strained Interpretation of hla
message, and the various legations men
tioned in the dispatch may be
still peopled. .- -V.
Military men here are amazed that the
legations successfully resisted nearly a
month's Incessant shelling by ten bat
talions of Chinese. That any trace of a
brick building should remain after such
a bombardment is utterly Inconceivable
by them.
Minister Wu Hopeful.
Chinese Minister Wu received the Fow
lew dispatch with satisfaction, but re
frained from any decided comment. He
¦aid:
"I am glad at last that the public here
and in Europe, has some news, front
Peking It has no possible reason to ques
tion. This news bears out what I have
maintained ever since the receipt of the
Conger dispatch. The Ministers are alive
and they have been aided by my Govern
ment, otherwise they could not haye held
out all this time.
"When this first horrible report of mas
sacres came from .Shanghai naturally I
was alarmed and distressed. I did my
duty as a loyal citizen of the empire and
tried to aid this Government in petting
news of Its Minister. When the Conger
dispatch came I felt It was genuine. It
was accepted by this Government and I
was satisfied. But ever since then there
have been many contradictory reports.
The rest of the world was not willing to
believe any truth could come out of China,
When Imperial edicts were Issued, pledg
ing the faith of my Government that the
Ministers were safe, there always was
bad news manufactured, some excuses
made to offset the Chinese reports. The
Chinese were made out to be a set of liars
and murderers, as though there were not
liars and murderers in all countries. Now
comes this news from European sources
and transmitted through American hands.
Thus there is now no chance for the un
believers to doubt It. I am glad of it on
my own account, but more so for Secre
tary Hay, who has thus won a great vic
tory against the skepticism of all Europe."
Regarding the reports that the. Minis
ters were being held as hostages, Wu said
it was very unlikely. They might be un-
LONDON. July 30.— In the House of
Commons to-day the Chancellor of the
Exchequer. Sir Michael Hick-Beach, an
nounced that 't was proposed TT> meet the
supplementary estimates by additional
&?«&&£!& he askwl Power to borrow
£13.'W.0oo either a** war loans or by means
of treasury or exchequer bonds. The
House sanctioned the proposals.
MALL CLERKS FOR CHINA.
WASHINGTON. July 30.— William E.
Phillips, a railway postal clerk of San
Francisco, has been ordered to Na^arnki
to take chargi of the United Statesman's
at that point in connection with the new
postal service for our troops in China
Mr. Phillips sailed from San Francisco
yesterday.
W. C. "llorton. postal clerk, with head
quarter? at Atlanta has been selected ta
*1 t0 T, a b u with Chie * <'lerk Robinson
wno will have charge of the mails there?.
-ler restraint for their own protection, but
that was all, he thought. In the present
disturbed conditions, the Minister believed
this might be a wise precaution.
NEWS CABLED BY
LIEUTENANT STAMFORD
WASHINGTON*. July SO.-Ceneral Gree
ly. chief signal officer, has received a
cable messag-e from Lieutenant Stamford,
the volunteer signal officer serving at
Taku. China, with the Ninth Infantry. It
is dated Chefu, July 27, and Is as follows:
"Conditions, prospects and health of
command are good. Officers killed. Ninth
Infantry. Colonel Liscum; wounded. Ma
jor Regan, Captain Noyes and Bookmiller.
Lieutenant Lawton doing well. - • *.
"Marine corps, officers killed. Captain
Davis; -wounded. Lieutenant Leonard,
serious, arm amputated; Captains Lon?
and Lealy. Lieutenant Butker, last three
dofr.g well. Coolldge, commanding Ninth,
informs me that all necessary material
has been requested. Colonel Meade of the
marines Is of the opinion that a battery
of field artillery and some Maxims aro
sufficient.
"Late experience would Indicate tho
need of larper puns. Further advance
may not be made before September. Com
mand should have plenty of good food
and heavy clothing. Fairly reliable re
ports state our Minister and people in
Peking all well on the 2'n.h. Can you placa
funds with cable company so I can keep
you advised?"
Step.-? have been taken at the "War De
partment to keep Lieutenant Stamford
supplied with money anil he has been in
structed to forward news of Importance
when the commanding officer of the Ninth
Infantry cannot be reached.
COL COCHRANE GOES TO
CHINA IN PLACE OF MUSE
Special r>l?pntch tr> The Call.
VALLEJO, July 30b — Cnjor.el Her.ry Clay
Cochrane of the United States marine
corps has been ordered to China. Colonel
W. S. Muse upon receiving orders to pro
ceed to China marie application to be re
tired, and placed Captain H. C. Davis In
charge of the Mare Island barracks. This
accounts for the orders detailing" Colonel
Cochrane to the Chinese station. Colonel
Cochrane is well and favorably known on
this coast. Colonel Muse will Remain at
Mare Island awaiting orders.
FUNDS TO MEET THE
EXPENSES IN CHINA
ACCUMULATING advices by runners from the beleaguered legations in Peking assure the world that the bulk of the
foreigners were aiive on July 21; After nearly four weeks of shelling, which cost the lives of sixty-two Europeans,
an armistice was declared on July 16. Sir Claude Macdonald reports the Chinese barricades very close, and the
German diplomat expresses fear of a renewal of the attack.
•Apparently, however, the present safety of the envoys is assured, and : the problem of their rescue is the vital
one.. LJ Hung Chang and other Vieroys are memorializing the throne to. send the diplomats to Tientsin or to allow
them free" communication with their hoirt'e Governments. ;
Washington regards the latter as the first requisite, and has agraln rejected the suggestion for the delivery of the Min
isters at the coast. No matter with I what speed, or under what safeguards the Chinese Government sends the insulted .dip
lomats. It cannot Halt the advance of the forces of the powers, which will exact at Teking Indemnity for losses and, as
surances that no such conditions shall again -be, permitted in the Chinese capital.
According to one dispatch from. China the American and English forces are preparing to move on Peking within twen
ty-four hours. -; *• - ¦ • ¦ -..: •«,'.: -. - ,-v . . •_ . : -. ¦ - ..- ¦¦' • • , •-.'-- ,- • ... - '" "¦ '
SITUATION IN CHINA AS TOLD
BY THE CALL'S DISPATCHES
" The British legation- at Peking was from June 20 to July
16 repeatedly attacked by Chinese troops on all sides. Both
rifles and artillery' were used. There has been an armistice
since Inly \(>. but a cordon is strictly drawn on both sides 01 the
position. The Chinese barricades are close to ours.
•" 'All the women and children in the British legation are
well. The casualties to date are 62 killed, including Captain
Strouts A number of wounded are in the hospital, including
Captain Halliday. The re^t of the legation are all well, except
David Oliphant and Warren, who were killed July 21.
- -macdoxald: "
Sir Claude Macdonald's dispatch, dated Peking, July 21,
according to cable copy, and received in cipher, is accepted on
all sides as dispelling doubts that might still have existed regard
ing the genuineness of the dispatch. Owing to an error in
.transmission the message fails to show the number of wounded.
David Oliphant and Warren were two student interpreters.
The message fails to mention the other legations and other
matter of pressing importance, but it should be borne in mind
that the British Minister may not be aware that all his previous
dispatches have been suppressed. He may be under the im
pression that the Government is fully posted regarding all re
cent occurrences.
"The following message has been received from Pe-
LOXDOX. July 3n 1:05 a. in. — The Admiralty has made
public the following dispatch from Rear Admiral Bruce
at Tientsin:
Many' Foreigners Killed and
Wounded, but an Armistice
Was Declared on July 16,
VS/hen Firing Ceased.
Hope Is Revived by a
Message From the
English Representa
tive at Peking.
MacDONALD REPORTS THAT LEGATIONS ARE SAFE
Consul Fowler Cables
Cheering News Con
cerning the Besieged
Legations at Peking.
Information That Increases the
Hope That This Government
Can Get in Direct Communi
cation V^ith. Minister Gonger.
THE SAK FKAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 31, 1000.
2
I- cans assorted vegetables, no 2 alike... 81. Oft
IS bottles home trade table sauce UH»
12 cans fullwelsht oyster*. 5 oz..: 1.«M»
14 nackages farina. 13c kind l.OO
8 Jars home made Jelly or Jam l.«MI
12 cans hish pra.le pie fruit J.lH»
12 cans Main? pack sucir corn J.»M»
i papers Imported Manoca, ITic kind.... l.ot»
1 :>-lt> can bakinc powder ] .|M»
40 Tbs nails, apswrted sizes l.«M»
12 brushes. 12 kinds abated, family use.. l.OO
12 R>a best London layer raisins 1.IH»
4 bottles imrorted olives. 4Dc kind l.OO
4 lbs fresh packed butter in tins 1.IM>
t full kit Labrador herrinjr l.»H»
3 bottles BurnhanVs clam bouillon 1.«x»
2 Beam's water filters. « 50 kind l.»H»
4 tins Huyler'a cocoa 1.<M>
4 rbs pure Kona coffee l.OO
2 1-qt. cans Lucca oil. Imported l.OO
t 75-cent bottles Imported chutney UHi
4 35-cent cans Franco-American soup... l.OO
2 tbs Paprika In bulk l.OO
15 pkgs. sliced citron l.«H>
6 KM. kee vinesar. full strength l.OO
TEN CENT. LIST — 2d Floor.
100 marbles, assorted ir»
1 map of Alaska. 50c kind in
1 pair girls' or ladies' tan hose 1O
100 Japanes* rapklns 1O
1 dox. lead pencils, with tips. good..... id
1 rood dressing cnmb jt>
1 pair ladies' turn back cuffs i<>
1 infants' cloth Mb <feedlnjc) jo
1 Infants' oil cloth bib (large) l«>
1 ?ketn imported saxony, beat 10
1 skein Gcrmaatown yam %n
1 pair infants' bootees to
1 dox. bor.e hair pins j|>
1 hair brush, full size 10
1 bunch colored dress stays irt
1 yd. cream dotted veiling 10
1 handsome powder puff 11»
1 pair ladles' dress rhlelds m
1 dor. large black head hat pins 3<>
1 12-plece china tea set. toy i<>
1 dressed doll, 12 Inches lonff, common.. 1O
1 Td. of wide ribbon, black, red or blua. 10
1 box white school crayons n>
lroll b€st crepe raper. any color n>
1 baseball, rljrht Rood one ii>
1 set A B C blocks i,»
1 child's picture book 10
1 game to amuse children 30
1 "old arm chair." toy size n>
CASH STORE
Our readers will be glad to know that this oM
reliable house is now running full blast under
the management of the SMITHS.
Our long list of articles mailed free of post-*
asre will Interest you and save you money. \
The 20-pa*e price list, the "Home Clrcle.'f
s«nt free as heretofore. Address as above a* .
25-27 Market St., San Franolaco.
p. a
Who ih&wQ the
Read the letters from
women appearing in this
paper— women who have
tried It and know. There
mre a million such women-
It regulates tho entire
female organism as
nothing elso does* When
the dragging sensation
and the backache go, the
blues wlil go also.
overcomes the blues, bo-
fiause It Is tho safeguard
of woman's healthm
Dospondonoy In women
fs a mental condition
directly traceable to some
distinctly femalo III.
Well women don't have
the blues, but compara'
tlvely few people under
Stand that the right medi-
cine will drive them away.
I LydU E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound IEloquent Speeches Will Explain
Scope cf the Plans Next Sat
urday Evening. •
The joint committee having charge cf
th«» arrangements for the building of the
Labor Temple have concluded the pre-
Hminartes for a free pobUe entertainment
a.t Metropolitan Temple on next Saturdav
evening The object of this meeting is to
thoroughly inform the public of the na
ture and scope of the undertaking Some
of the most eloquent speakers belonging
to the labor movement will make short
addresses. Besides these oth*rs whose
rympatby lies with such an undertaking
as the erection of a Labor Temple in
winch all subjects appertaining to unlon-
Sz'-d labor may be discussed under one
lonf will speak.
As it now is there are almost as many
places of meeting as there are unions
This gives organizers and other? mucli
ir<""ih]e in attending the several meetings
V.'lien they are ali under one roof th»-r
vrfll he a concerted line of action ar<;
unity will prevail.
The corrmittr-e of the board nf directors
having ch;»rKe »-f the issuing of stock Is
tri'>rf! than satisfi-d with the results s-j
far. AH the Mock of the corporation is
td be controlled by the various labor
union? in this city.
FREE ENTERTAINMENT IN
AID OF LABOR TEMPLE
Special Dispatch to The Call
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 30. -The sal
mon fishermen's strike is over. The men
have aM gone out to fish. The settlement
was effected early this morning by Labor
Commissioner Bremner. The men agreed
to work for the remainder of the season
at 13 cents straight, without reference to
Fize of the catch, and the question of
recognition of the union was lcf\ unde
termined.
The miliary company has retrnned to
Vancouver They are having a big row
1 among themselves, and hclf the battalion
from Vancouver threatens to resign. The
j m*n claim that they did not enlist to light
¦ against their fellow-countrymen, especial
: ly when it comes to lighting to protect the
; Japanese. They freely assert that If a
I riot had taken place they would have laid
; down their arms and refused to fire at
j white men. A score of the men say they
j will send in their resignations to-morrow
I and they claim that a hundred out of a
j total strength of 20) and including several
I officers are certain to throw up their
i membership in the ranks within the next
j t':\v days.
Will MacClain, the socialist labor leader
of the strlkins fifhermtn. attempted a
hostile demonstrations against the militia
here to-day. The military contingent was
hurried into Vancouver from Steveston
early this morning to be ready to receive
the Karl of Mlnto, a Governor Genera! of
Canada, who was to arrive by the noon
train with a guard of honor. The militia
were just landing frum the steamer that
brought them from Stevcston half an hour
before the train came in. when a crowd Of
union longshoremen en the wharf began
jeering and hissing the soldiers. They
had been incited by MacClain. Colonel
Worsnop immediately warned the men
that a repetition of tho offense would
mran trouble and ordered four of his men
to arrest MncClain nn<\ lock him up if he
attempted any further demonstration.
This was the end «f the trouble and tho
ceremonies attendant upon the arrival of
the Queen's roprr sentativ.? continued
without further delay. The incident,
however, oaus^d much comment.
Men Are Out Again in the
Boats and Militiamen
Have Gone Home
Disgruntled.
BRITISH COLUMBIA
FISHERMEN YIELD
TO THE CAN NERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. July 30.— News of a
deliberate murder on the Yukon on July
16 Is given by arrivals by the steamer
Danube. Alexander King, 65 years of age,
formerly a resident of Sacramento, Cal.,
shot and killed Herbert Davenport of New
York. ./
Davenport had been engaged as 'master
to take a scow to Dawson from White
Horse. Davenport had run the scow on
a number of sand bars and this had irri
tated the old man. On the morning- of the
16th, when the scow went on another bar,
King said: "You have bamboozled us fel
lows long enough. Davenport, and I'm
going to kill you."
King reached for his rifle and covered
Davenport. "Don't shoot," cried the vic
tim. King fired, the bullet entering Dav
enport's heart and killing him. Charles
Everett and Lester Kneuff, assisting in
taking the scow down the river, were
witnesses to the crime. King covered
them with the rifle and made them swear
that they would say on their arrival at
Dawson that Davenport had met death
by accident. When the scow reached that
town, however, they told the police of the
murder and King was arrested.
The body of Davenport was hidden
along the bank of the river.
SACRAMENTO, July 3O.-DiHgent In
quiry fails to elicit any knowledge by resi
dents of Alexander King, accused of mur
dering a man on a boat in the Yukon
River.
BROOKS' COMET
SIGHTED FROM
MOUNT LOWE
LOS ANGELES. July 30.— At half
past 12 o'clock this morning Pro
fessor Lewis Swift of the Mount
Lowe Observatory picked up the
comet discovered July 23 by Pro
fessor Brooks of Geneva. N. Y. It
rises above the mountain at about
midnight. It was observed with the
four and a half comet-seeker. It
is moving nearly north. The center
of a line drawn from Alpha Aristies
to Alpha Persel will -be about five
degrees above the comet, or. about
right ascension 2 hours 50 minutes,
declination north S6 degrees by esti
mation.
MURDER ON A BOAT
IN THE YUKON BY
AN OLD CALIFORNIAN
Alexander King Deliberately
Shoots and Kills a Man
Who Had Aroused
His Temper.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, July 30.— A. J. Barney, a
half-witted young man about 22 years old,
to-day confessed to Sheriff Langford that
he blew up the powder magazine of Weil
heime,r & Sons at iTountain View a couple
of weeks ago, wnVn that town narrowly
pscaDod being wrecked.
Ever since the explosion Barney has
boon suspected, and so convinced of the
fact were Sheriff Langford and Constable
Martin of Mountain View that they
caused the man's arrest on a charge of
vagrancy in order to hold him. July 18
the Justice of the Peace at Mountain
View sentenced Barney to serve sixty
days for vagrancy.
To-day Barney broke down and told of
his guilt. About a year ago the Well
heimers had refused him credit at the
store, and his act was one of revenge.
He says he simply wanted to wreck the
powder magazine and injure property be
longing to the Weilheimers. He "pried
open the door to the magazine, punched a
hole in a keg of black powder and insert
ed a fuse. After inserting the fuse he
was afraid he would not be able to get
away quick enough, and so he removed
the keg of black powder from where it
was stored near two cases of giant pow
der to the door. He then ran away, and
after the explosion returned./
The fact that Barney removed the can
of black powder from near the giant pow
der prevented an explosion that undouot
edly would have wrecked the town, for,
strange as It may seem, only tho keg of
black powder exploded. This wrecked
the magazine, broke large plateglass win
dows 300 feet away and did considerable
damage.
Barney will now be charged with a
more perious offense, but owing to his
bring half-witted It is not known just
what will be done with him. He has an
aged mother residing at Mountain View.
«
Arrested for Horsestealing.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOMPOC. July Si).— George Texerla of
Alameda has been arrested here by a
Constable for stealing a team of horses
from the Espada ranch, belonging to W.
11. Sudden. Texaria was making his way
north, thirty-five miles from this place,
where the team was stolen. He also had
a pair of pinto- ponies, a bay colt about
two years old and several boxes of giant
powder and fuse, which It is thought was
stolen from the railroad construction
camps.
Signs of Oil at Morena.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO, July 30.— Reports brought
in from Morena to-night are that the well
drill is working at '750. feet in black shale
and that the sand pump brings up some
oil each time it Is withdrawn. Tliis oil,
it is explained, seeps through the shale,
and as the formation is, compact it 1b
the opinion that they will not have far to
CO before r&nortins: a strike.
Half-Witted Youth of Moun
tain View Wrecks Prop
erty to Avenge a
Fancied Wrong.
BARNEY CONFESSES
TO BLOWING UP A
POWDER MAGAZINE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD. July 30.— The second trial
of John Fitzgerald for the murder ot John
Lennon, December 24, 1S99, commenced
here this morning before Judge W. P.
Lawler, sitting forejudge Buck. The en
tire morning and afternoon was occupied
in selecting a jury, and when court ad
journed eleven men were sworn to try
the case. It is probable that the jury will
be completed in a short «time to-morrow
morning • and the taking of testimony
commenced before noon.
The jurymen so far chosen are: George
Greeley. John Blggio, David S. Jackson.
Charles A. Orth. Horace Nelson, George
P. Ellis, Victor Boicello. Christian Beck,
George F. Adair, Aldrich Fenner and R.
C. Holmquist. Several days will be con
sumed in hearing the evidence.
At the previous trial the jury disagreed,
though none voted for acquittal, the only
difference existing in the minds of the
jurors being as to the degree of crime,
part standing lor murder in the first de
gree and the remainder for manslaughter.
Fitzgerald is accused of killing Lennon
at the latter's house near Colma on
Christmas eve of last year, at which
place both men had been living for a long
time. When found Cennon was lying on
the kitchen floor dead and a discharged
rifle belonging to Fitzgerald was found
in the adjoining room. Fitzgerald could
not be found that night, though, as the
evidence showed, he w'as seen coming
from the direction of the house shortly
after the shooting occurred. He was ar
rested in San Francisco on the following
day, and his face showed at that time
that he had been subjected to rough
treatment at the hands of some one at a
recent period.
The defense upon the former trial was
accident, the killing being admitted. The
defendant testified that he had a quarrel
with Lennon on the night In question and
that a/ struggle occurred between them
over the gun, in which it was accidentally
discharged, the bullet piercing Lennon's
breast. Both men had been drinking.
Drill of Troop C in Rough Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SALINAS, July 30.— Troop C, N. G. C,
now on a route march, worked a greater
portion of this morning in the Gabilan
Mountains./ The troop broke camp early
thls morning, and the balance of the fore
noon was devoted to skirmish drill and
other maneuvers In a rough country. To
night.the troopers are camped outside of
HolHster. It is expected that they will
leave to-morrow for Gilroy.
John Fitzgerald Will Proha
bly Be Arraigned for the
Second Time To.-Day
for Murder.
LENNON'S SLAVER
AGAIN ON TRIAL
AT REDWOOD CITY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, July 20.— James L. Miles, a
California pioneer, was run down and
killed at 2 o'clock this afternoon by the
overland flyer at the crossing on the west
road leading into Suisun.
Mr. Miles was riding in a top buggy and
had almost reached the main track be
fore being discovered by the engineer.
The cowcatcher struck the horse, killing
him instantly, and hurling his body many
feet in the air. Mr. Miles was "thrown
onto the engine, and when the train was
stopped about 300 yards from the scene
of the accident life was found to be ex
tinct. Two men who witnessed the acci
dent said that Mr. Miles drove slowly
across the track, seeming unconscious of
the approaching train. The deceased was
a native of Tennessee, 7S years of age.
and had been a resident of Suisun Valley
for half a century.
A Coroner's Inquest was held over the
remains this evening and rendered a ver
dict which in part was as follows:
We nml that no personal blame be at
tached to the engineer or flrerran of said
train, number 5, for the death of deceased,
but this Jury does fir.d that the Southern
Pacific Company is guilty of criminal, negll
frence in not afCordlw_ better protection for
the liven of the traft£*Mi? public within the
limits of this town'. We further demand
that the Board of Trustees of this town pass
an ordinance compelling the Southern I"a
clflc Company to place and maintain proper
saftey rates upon every railroad crossing
w:thln the town limits.
INTEHESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
sions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July 30.— Postmasters
have been appointed as follows:
Oregon — Delcna. Columbia County. L. R,
Meserve. vice E. M. Worderly. resigned.
Washington— Lnpash. -daUam County.
Carl Black, vice T. A. Smith, resigned;
Port Crescent. Clallarn County, Carra. La
von Jennings, vies H. X. Delanty, re
signed.
Pensions issued — California — Original:
Robert B. Burns, Veterans' Home. N'apa.
$6: Christian Ottcrback. Sacramento. J12:
Henry Jewell. Oakland, $0. Increase — Mark
Haley, Paso Robies, $S; Austin Slag!e. Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $S. Reissued—
Sanford Hamilton. Escondido. 524. War
with Spain — Isabella "Wlnfleld, mother,
San Francisco, $12.
Oregon— Original: William H. Miller.
North Yamhill. J6; Charles Glbbs, Wood
burn, %d.
Washington — Original: Anthony M.
Smith, Long Beach, $S.
Drastic Verdict of Corooer's
Jury in the Case of the
Killing of a Pioneer
at Suisun.
SEVERE CENSURE
OF TBE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC COMPANY
JA.MES TAYLOR ROGERS presented
a pitiful spectacle in Judge Ca
baniss' court yesterday. when
driven to bay by the questions or
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey. He
declined to answer them on th>» ground
that it would tend to incriminate him and
degrade his character. He squirmed on
his seat and fenced and at times was so
\ defiant that not even the soothing tones
i of his attorney, Barclay Henley, nor the
] veiled threats of the Judge h-\d the effect
. of toning him down. For about an hour
' and a half the baitinp was kept up and it
j was interspersed with arguments of at
i torneys as to whether or not the ques
j tions should be answered. The Judse
! has taken till this afternoon at 2 o'clock
' to make up his mind as to whether Rogers
will be compelled to answer the queries
which will tend to develop whether Chre
tien offered Rogers money to withdraw
his opposition to the distribution of the
Joseph Sullivan estate.
When the Chretien case was called yes
terday morning the court stenographer
was asked to repeat the question put to
Rogers Friday, and for refusing to answer
which he was committed to jail. The
stenographer read: "What is your occu
pation?"
Kog^rs Balks Once More.
Rogers said he desired to lodge an
objection before answering.
"I thought." said the Judge, "that be
fore I dismissed the contempt proceed
ings Saturday you agreed to answer all
questions."
Rogers said he would answer, but he
desired to read his objection first. The
Judge told him to go ah»ad and he started
to read from a typewritten document to
the effect that the court had no jurisdic
tion as the subject-matter was now 6e>
fore the Grand Jury- Before he finished
tbe Judge stopped him by overruling his
j objection, but at his request the document
i was filed.
Rogers then answered that he was an
i attorney. To further questions he replied
j that he filed an application October 17.
j ISStt. in the matter of the estate of Joseph
.Sullivan, deceased, on behalf of Mary
Ann, Helena and Philip Sullivan. He also
: riled a petition for distribution of tho
estate. He received a written authority
from the Sullivans and would produce it
in court.
"Did you have any conversation with
; John M. Chretien, the defendant here, in
: relation to vour appearing on behalf of
'< Mary Ann Sullivan. Helena Sullivan and
I Phillip Sullivan and contesting his ap
i plication on behalf, of John Sullivan in
j the matter of the estate of Joseph Sul
' livan. deceased?" asked Deuprey.
Rogers hesitated for a few minutes and
; the Judge losing patience asked him if
! he understood the question.
"I do, sir." replied Roprers. and after
i ancther pause, said: "Your Honor, 1
I desire to Interpose an objection." and he
' pulled a typewritten document out of his
! pocket which he was permitted to read.
It was as follows:
Directly Declines to Answer.
With due respect to this court and Its Judge
now presiding and without Intending to prevent
' justice being done In thip case I decline to an
pwpr such questions and all others In any way
calling for testimony from me concerning 1 my
alleged relationship or conversations with the
dffendant John M. Chretien, or his adviser
I George H. Perry, or with J. J. Kaunr and Rob
i ert Colthorp. witnesFPs herein for the people.
! or any one- o' them, as to anything done by
me with or ?ald by me to either of them in th«
estate of Joseph Huliivan. defeated. No. 21.632.
Hr-partment No. 10 of the Superior Court of
this city and county of San Francisco, Call-
I fornia.
For the purpose of this declination and wlth-
out waiving any other right It Is admitted that
mv appearance as an attorney in paid case was
fifed on October 1*"., 1899, for one Mary Ann Sul
livan and Helena Sullivan and their brother,
Phill!;> Sullivan, alleged niec#?s and nephew of
thf deceased, and that a petition for distribu
tion to them' was presented and on May 4, 1900.
prior to the decree of distribution, was with
drawn- and that on and since July 17, 1000. the
Grand Jury of this city and eonnty has inves
tigated my withdrawal, etc., as to whether or
not my acts as an attorney therein had been
criminal or disgraceful.
Gives Reasons in Detail.
The reasons for my refusal now to testtfy. are
these:
First— That by reason of the people having
submitted the whole subject matter of the al
leR«Kl crime or crimes relative to the estate of
Joseph Sullivan, deceased, lnclutflnR the pres
ent, forgery charge, to the Grand Jury for con
sideration * this court has lost Jurisdiction
thereof and now has no power to conduct this
Second— Such question and others like It are
not pertinent to the forgery under investiga
tion.
Third.— The answer to this question and others
like It might be made the foundation of a crim
inal action against myself or furnish one or
more links in the chain of evidence against
me. And under the fifth amendment of the
T'nited States constitution and section 13 of
article 1 of the constitution of California, "No
person can be> compelled in any criminal case
to be a witness against hlms»lf, nor.be de
prived of life, liberty or property without duo
process of law."
Pis Character Not an Issue.
Fourth— That an answer to Fuch question
and others like it might have a direct tendency
to degrade my character, which Is not a fact
at ispue in this forsery case. Section 2063 of
the Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California grants me the privilege to refuse an
answer under such circumstances. '
Fifth— The answer to such question and
others like it may be used to accuse me of per
jury in so testifying should the same be con
tradictory to the testimony heretofore given
before rtie said Grand Jury or in this case by
the said defendant John M. Chretien, or hi3
adviser. George H. Perry, or by the witnesses
J. J. Rauer and Robert Colthorp. who have,
according to my belief, confederated deliber
ately together to accuse me of some crime In
relation to the estate of the said Joseph Sulli
van, deceased. The testimony given by them
before the Grand Jury is unknown to me, and
as I cannot tell what is true or Xalse therein
It Is impossible for me to testify herein. My
belief Is positive, based on many facts, that
such a conspiracy Is formed against me and is
uslne this case to accomplish Ha wicked pur
pose, i »
Court Has Jurisdiction.
After Rogers had finished the Judge
said he would dispose at once of the ob
jection that the court had no Jurisdiction.
On the others he would like to hear from
Deuprey.
Deuprey ask-?d Rogers to point out in
what way an answer to the question
would tend to degrade his character.
"The law does not require me to point
out in what way," replied Rogers.
"Did the defendant Chretien give you
any information on which to base your
allegation that John Sullivan was not a
brother of Joseph Sullivan?", was the next
question.
"I cay no." answered Rogers.
"Will" you state whether or not you held
any conversation with Mr. Chretien in re
gard to your appearance on behalf of
these three Sullivans named in your no
tice of appearance and as to withdrawing
your claim, and whether an offer of any
amount of money was made for your
withdrawal thereof; or did you discuss
the amount?"
Rogers declined to answer the question
for the reasons already given, and a long
argument followed, ending in Deuprey
substituting the question: "After you ap
peared for the three Sullivans would you
state whether or not Mr. Chretien offered
you any money to withdraw?"
Rogers declined to answer, as it would
tend to incriminate him.
ASSISTED BY JUDGE CABANISS, EUGENE DEUPREY TRIES TO WRING
ANSWERS FROM JAMES TAYLOR ROGERS.
"Would the answer." asked the Judge,
"be liable to convict him of a felony?"
After argument the Judge said he would
pass the question and give his decision as
to whether the defendant should answer
it to-day.
"Did not Chretien after your appear
ance In the matter, and before the distri
bution of the estate, offer you $300 or $400
to have you withdraw your application
on behalf of your clients?" was asked.
Attorney Barnes for the first and only
time interposed an objection, that the
question was irrelevant, incompetent and
immaterial, and it was sustained.
"Did you not refuse the offer of $300 or
HOO and ask for $S00 or $10)0 to withdraw?"
Rogers declined to answer the question.
The Judge said he considered it his duty
to protect the witness, and that he need
not answer It.
Threatened With Jail Again.
"Did you not as a matter of fact, at the
time of the hearing of the application for
the distribution of the estate, remain
mute and allow the decree of distribution
to go to John Sullivan?" was' the/next
query. , ."'
Rogers declined to answer, and the
Judge passed the question until to-day.
Rogers denied that he was in court that
day, but later said he was present on
May 3, the day before the decree of dis
tribution was made, and also on the
morning of May 4, in Judge Troutt s
chambers. He did not see John Ssullivan
in court. He never saw him. It was slat
ed in open court that his clients were not
relatives, as the name was spelled iwo
ways, and he left the court with J. J.
Rauer. They went to the Hlbernia Bank
and found it was so. He did not know
who made the statement In court.
"Was Chretien in conversation with
Rauer In the court?" was asked.
"1 suppose so. They were all together.'
replied Rogers.
"After going with Rauer to the Hiber
nia Bank, what induced you to with
draw?"
Rogers declined to answer and the ques
tion was passed for decision to-day.
"After vour visit to the bank with
Rauer you didn't appear again, did you?"
"I did.t' replied Rogers. "I appeared in
Judge Troutfs chambers."
"Did you press your claims subsequent
ly?"
"I decline to answer." said Rogers de
flantlv "and will stand upon it."
"Would your answer incriminate you
or tend to degrade your character?"
Henley interposed and suggested that
the witness should answer "Yes" and also
for the other reasons given.
"Show me my protest," said Rogers, and
the Judge said angrilv:
"If you don't answer I'll put you in jail
for contempt, irrespective of your consti
tutional rights."
There was a pause a;id the Judge said,
"Well, what answer do you give?"
Forced to Give Specific Answer.
''I decline to answer." replied Rogers,
"because it might be used as the founda
tion for a criminal charge against me and
1 will restate the other grounds."
"I direct you," said the Judge, "to give
a specific answer to the question as to
whether It will tend to incriminate you.
Tes, or no?"
Henley again urged Rogers to answer
"Yes, and on other grounds."
"I decline to answer." said Rogers, "be
cause the reply misht trnd to furnish
matter for an accusation of crime against
me."
The Judge thought Deuprey should be
satisfied with that and he consented.
"Have you taken any steps to set aside
the distribution?"
"Will you state that you took no action
by reason of the money given you by
Kauer?"
Witness declined to answer.
Rogers said he was not present at the
taking of a deposition of the alleged John
Sullivan in Notary Knox's office and re
ceived no notice that such deposition was
to be made. He did not know who in
formed him that the deposition had been
made. He examined it after it had been
filed in court. He did not find that there
was absolute lack of proof of John Sulli
van's identity.
This closed the examination of Rogers
for the prosecution and the case was con
tinued till this afternoon at 2 o'clock
when the Judge will drclde whether Rog
ers will be compelled to answer the ques
tions passed.
Still Contends
That He Can
Plead ' Fear of
Incrimi nation.
An official report which furnishes a
complete confutation of the plague ecare
has l*een held back from public inspection
for reasons best known to themselves b7
the members of the State Board of
llesliA. to which body it was submitted.
After the executive session held by the
board in the Grand Hotel last Saturday
i.ight it was announced by those members
that nothing had taken place in the meet
ing that was worthy of pub'ic notice. It
was evea said by some members that the
public had no right to know what oc
curred during: tho meetings.
Despite tbe aar.ounwraent that nothing
worthy of putlic notice had taken place
a number of reports were read. Among
them was a statement cf the result of tbe
experiments m&Ce by Dr. SiJas Mouser of
7U7 Busr. street with soirie alleged bubonic
Epedrceis which the Lx>urd had given him
with instructions to finally determine
their nature. The report which Dr.
ilouser banded back was one of the
strongest confutations of the plague scare
that that exploded bogle ever received.
The State Board cf Health did not seem
pleased to see the plague bugaboo melt
away under the light of Dr. Mouser'a
science iirni In effect refused to repose
in the it-port which they themselves hau
called lor the conniei-ce that it destxved.
emanating an it did frum a man who id
pronounced one of the foremost American
bacteriologists of to-day. The State
Board of Health In fact occupies an a»u
ward position, the flimsy curtain of an
executive session with which it tried to
conceal the report having- been torn away.
I>r. Winslow Anderson, the new member
of the StiLte board, when set?n last night,
¦was at first embarrassed and then waxed
wroth over the fact that the na-ture of
l>r Mouser'E report had been revealed.
"I have nothing- to fcay for the public."
said Dr. Anderson. "The board met in
executive session. It is no business of the
public's what took place at that meeting.
My own feelings in the matter are the
prime to-day bs -when I concurred frith
Governor Gape's finding of June 14. Dr.
Mouser I reg-ard as one of the greatest
bacteriologists in America. His opinion
should be law on such a subject. >«"o, I
cannot say anything further on the re
port yet. The board has not finished its
:::\ e-tipations in Chinatown."
•"Theu the board does not accept Dr.
Mouser's opinion as final?" was asked.
"That I cannot eay. The matter is un
der advisement. I cannot say what will
I - ihe outcome. How soon will the Inves
tigation be completed? In about two
... >ntbs. I should ?ay. No, I will say no
more the subject; It is no business of
tho public?
Dr. Si!as Mouser's report fills three
donelv typewritten foolscap sheets of
technical matter and deals with the bu
bonic scare in terms that leave no room
for doubt- as to the expert's opinion. The
report, after detailing- the analysis of the j
F< rmr <.>f t«o bubonic «ui-p#ct!, states
That the cause of death was certainly :
:.- t bubonic plapue. but some kind of low i
fever. Appended to the report is the ac- !
count oi an experiment on a guinea pig.
The Bor.rd of Health germs were Injected
Into the little ssiimal but. far from kill- ¦
inr him. they act--d as a bracintr tonic antf. •
according: to the re-port, the "bubonic" i
guinea pier Is the h^alth.f =t of the doctor's j
collection. . I
"I tvi:! stak« nay reputation that not i
> <-.f the !).'!'¦!'¦: examined by me for the J
I'.' ard of Health bore a traco of bubonic '•
germs. By some person ignorant to a!
greater or less «-xtent of Kerminolcgy the
bacilli mipiit Indeed sr-em to be those of ;
the bubonic plague, but a very little ex- '
prrfmentaTy n ; ;:i«i invest ipntion would '
i .'. the fallacy of thi? beUef."
"I» ¦ y : think that bubonic plague could |
• • :: San Francisco?" was asked of the i
expert.
"That Question I mupt decline to an
pwer. It is not yet tiie time. I am not I
i -horized to talk. I am only an em-l
; .rye of the Stau Uocrd of Health."
Dr. Mouser had a neat pile of envelopes
on his table, oach containing a copy of
the report. What their destination is te
be the doctor would not say. but as they |
¦rwe stamped sv.6 addressed it was not I
-inicult to hazard what will be done with
tixrn. ]
Employed by Board He Files Docu
ment trowing' That No Bu
benic Germs Existed in
San Francisco.
DR. SILAS MOUSER
MAKES EXPERIMENT
EXPERT SAYS
THERE WAS NO
PLAGUE HERE
State B(rrd of Health Tries
Hard to Suppress His
Report.
Mrs. Bessie Smith was not -allowed to
enter the Townsend home yesterday to
point out the secret panel behind which
it is believed the last will of Mra. Almira
S. Townsend may be found. Judge Dunne
yesterday morning denied Hugo Asher's
petition for an order of court giving Mrs.
Smith the authority to enter the lata
home of the dead philanthropist. Judge
Dunne'a refusal to srant the order was
based on the lack of tangible evidence
necessary to prove that a will existed.
After Judge Dunne had denied the motion
Attorney Sullivan, representing AIr3. Mur
ray, said that neither he nor hia client
had any objections to Judge Paterson
and Samuel Shortridge making a. thorough
search oi the Calllornt^-street house and
that he (Sullivan) was prepared to ac
company them and assist them In their
search. But. he added, to Mrs. Smith's
presence in the Townsend home there
were decided objections.
Before, however. Emerson and Short
ridge could accept Judge Sullivan's ofter
they declared it was nrst necessary to
consult with Mrs. Smith and to learn
from her the exact location of the secret
panel. Accordingly Asher, Paterson,
Shortridge and Pippy went down to tn»*
Appraiser^ building ai»d had a long in
terview with the lady, but Mrs. Smith's
description of where the secret panel was
to be found was not considered oy Shurt
ridge ana Paterion definite enougn to
assure their locating it without the lady's
assistance. Therefore the attorneys re
fused to avail themselves of Sullivan's
otter and decided to make to-day a more
formal application for an order to search
the Townsend home.
"It is tnis way," said Judge Paterson.
"Mrs. Smith explained distinctly in what
room an<I what place that secret panel
was, but no amount of explanation and
directions wouid enable us to go directly
to the spot. To hunt around for the
panel would simply give the inmates of
ihe house a clow of where it was to be
found anu that we do not propose to do."
"Judge Sullivan's obiectit;ns to Mrs.
Smith amounts to just this much." ex
plained Hugo Asher. "He is afraid that sn«
might drop a posthumous will in that
house of mystery. We have offered that
Mrs. Smith bo searched before visiting
the house." continued Mr. Asher. and then
tf Judge Sullivan wishes it. to have her
tied up in a sack with her hands secured
behind her back, and in that fashion have
her carried into the house."
"My objection to having Mrs. Smith visit
the Townsend home ts simply this," said
Judge Sullivan last evening. "She is ex
tremely distasteful to my client. Mrs.
Smith and Mrs. Town?end had been
friends, but in the last days of Mrs.
Townsend's life they became estranged."
"I, objectionable to Mrs. Murray."
said Mrs. Smith, when she was asked to
explain why Mrs. Townsend's daughter
had no kindly feeling for the woman who
for so many years was her mother's
friend. "I cannot understand it all. It
is Miss Rattipan'a doings. I see the Rat
tipran hand through it all.
"Miss Rattitcan had a strange influence
over Mrs. Townsend," Mrs. Smith went
on to explain, "and she finally managed
to keep her away from all her old friends.
Toward the end she even tried to preju
dice her against Hie. When Mrs. Tov.n
send was making all this public display,
giving entertainments in honor of the
soldiers, etc.. I took her aside and told her
she was being criticized. Miss Rattlprnn,
however, flattered her and told her that
I was not sincere. That is all that ever
came between me and Mrs. Townsend."
While the attorneys for the absent
heirs and the attorneys for Joseph Coburn
and the legal representative of Mrs. Mur
ray are holding: forth what they can and
will do. Attorney fJunzendorffer. the lejral
representative of Thomas Townsend. the
divorced husband of the late philanthro
pist. 1? keeping quiet as to Just what hl3
client is poinsr to do.
"I have nothiner so far for publication."
said Gunzendorffer yesterday. "In a few
days we shall be ready to explain what
we" intend to do. and our plans will cause
not a little sensation."
When the application for letters of ad
ministration are heard next week Asher
will oppose the appointment of Mrs. Mur
ray on the ground that she is not a resi
dent of this State. The attorneys for Mrs.
Murray have little fear, however, of this
opposition.
"Only the one entitled to succeed." said
Judge Sullivan, "may be appointed to ad
minister. If we fail to prove that Mrs.
Murray is a resident, then the Public Ad
ministrator "will be granted the letters of
administration. And as Coburn is not en
titled to succeed. I do not see how. under
the law, h!s attorneys can expect that he
will be entitled to administer.
The inquest into the death of Mrs.
Townserd will be held this afternoon.
'Justice of the Peace Barry will preside In
the absence of Coroner Cole.
Divorced Husband Preparing to
Spring a Sensation — Justice
Barry Will Preside at th«
Inquest. ,
SHE IS NOT TO MRS.
MURRArS LIKING
AUTHORITY TO
SEARCH HOUSE
DENIED THEM
Mrs. Bessie Smith Refused
Permission to Enter
Townsend Home.
ROGERS, DRIVEN TO BAY, FIRST SHOWS
DEFIANCE, THEN BECOMES EVASIVE
Judge Cabaniss Threatens to Im=
prison Him Again, But Finally
Takes flatter Under Ad
visement Till To=Day.
THE SAN rHAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 31. 1900.
Visiting Cricketers Win.
!The Pacific tCRm. which Jeft the city on
fr-'urdfiy, played a match against the
fc\j*fi Cruz Country Club Cricket Club on
SutJuny and returned to San Francisco
yesterday. The game was pretty close,
but. thanks to the excellent batting of
Wilcir.r, the Paclfi? eleven proved the
winners by a margin of twenty-four runs.
An Art in Itself.
The proper and appropriate framing of
pictures has within a few years become
an art in itself. Only recently the styles
of framing materials have been made in
such harmonious effects as to euit all
tones and colors of pictures." The very
latest moldings, all styles and widths, also
tinted and colored mat boards, at Sanborn
& V all's; 741 Market street. •
CLAIMS THE ESTATE
OF A RICH SANTA ROSAN
Virginia Hutchings of San Francisco
Wants the Property of the
Late Albert Tanzer.
SANTA ROSA. July 20.— Virginia
Hutching of San Francisco filed a peti
tion In the Superior Court to-day asking
for letters of administration on the estate
of Albert Tanzer. an old man who died in
San Francisco a few weeks ago leaving
an estate here valued at $32,000. The peti
tion caused surprise here. Tanzer has
never been married, so far as known.
Join Ssdg-wick Discharged.
The oharpn cf .-ifsault to murder against
former Sheriff John Scdjr.vick was dis
xr.Usc-d In Judge ilripan's court yesterdav
afternoon. About five week3 ago Fedg"
wkk. whiJe worked up over a fancied
Insult, fired four Phots at Thomas Dovle
e. clerk In the Southern Pacific freight *of-
Uce. on Vallej'. street.
His \7ife Alleg-ts Desertion as Cause
cf Action — Laura 3. Meech
Seeks Decree.
J. !C. E. Wilson, tho wril-known crlm
:1 lr. fryer, has been made defendant In
» iuit tor divorce, which was tiled S.itur
' by Carrie Wilson. Mrs. Wilson al-
Wi-s dc-wrtion .is cause of action. The
couple ir«re married March fi. l?xs and
}nv . one child. J. VS. E. Wilson Jr aged
''¦ ) ars. .. •--.¦. . ¦.
Action for divorce was filed yesterday
J-y I-:ura B. Meech against Erwin H.
Mcecfc. Mr?. Meeeh alleges that her hus
lar.'i leaned her over a year ago and
that h- has since failed to contribute to
fcer support.
LAWYER J. N. E. WILSON
IS SUED FOR DIVORCE
"No."
3
The dainty flower oracle may tell ner
true or false, but some day the prince
¦will come and she'll dream the dear
dream of home life and motherhood. In
that dream she will see herself always
haopy, always with a smile for the hus-
MiJijj'iLiMg-M •^gga band and a kiss for
K^^fc^v*^^^?*^ the baby. What
KSi^Xi^^i^**! apitytowafce from
p^-^^ii^V^^K^ almost loathe her
EgS&l^jTjffiS^I her child, because
RSllBcgOcftafwH cruel pain has
pSS?L /-vSP! bli ? hted her bod y
K_g" t^/y.TS^^i >m ln^ n d- How many
¦f*il*^V^F^^B a woman has
Kr*/i roin er dream3
1 */sttinifoiSJm oi home and love !
l^^l^fV^flJS There's help and
)*faj{bf j9r*r^\M healing for every
S»r PH^^\- 7 ulg3 woman who suffers
M'1^j*^\- W^I f" 3111 womanly dis-
H the strain of ma- '
ternity. Doctor
Pierce's Favorite
heals diseases of
Prescription makes
weak women
strong and sick
women well. It
' L 1 the delicate organs,
practically does away with the pains of
maternity and gives the nursing, mother
vigor and vitality.
"Two years ago," writes Mrs. Kattie AuHker.
of 754 Fat Street, Alliance, Ohio, "I used two
bottles of * Favorite Prescription • and in Apnl a
nice baby was born, before the doctor carae. I
was not very sick. Baby is now fourteen
month* old and weighs 30 pounds. Before
commencing Dr. Piercc'3 Favorite Prescripticu
I hail to vomit every day but after I got the
medicine, from the first spoonful that I took, I
stopped vomiting. It is a God-send for women."
When a laxative is needed, use Dr.
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets with "Favorite
Prescription."
REDDING. July 30. — General Manager Krutt-
schnltt of the Southern Pacific, after Inspect-
ing, the Shasta division, has ordered UO.000 new
ties put in between Dunsmulr and Red Bluff.
The ties are to be scattered next week. Work
will be given to 130 men besides the regular
section crews.
Be loves Me—?
ADVERTISEMENTS.Thieves nlso effected an entrance Into
tho grocery Ptor* 1 of Steitz & Son soon
aftor midnight Saturday and were at
work in the store when a son of the owner
entered. The midnight visitors hastily
left l»y the window through which they
had secured Ingress and escaped.
Activity of Thieves in Petaluma.
PdtIs! IMspatch to The Call.
PETALVMA. July 30.— Thieves etole a
400-pound water trough, two ladders and
several hundred feet of lumber from an
unoccupied house belonging to M. E. Ra
fael and situated in the northern part of
this city on Saturday or Sunday night.
There must have hern several men con
cerned In the robbery.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 30.— The morals
of society and morals of business were
the subjects that received attention to
day in the Congress of Reform, which be
gan its session in this city yesterday un
der" the auspices of the California
W. C. T. V.
The convention was formally called to
order by the State president of the union,
Mrs. B. Sturtevant-Peet. The morning
hours were spent in committee work and
departmental conferences carried on in
executive session, the special work to
day being that of the "evangelistic" and
"health and hereditary" departments, un
der the supervision respectively of Mrs.
J. E. Evarta and Mrs. O. Ward. At 1:30
p. m. the congress proper was opened,
and aftor an Introductory devotional ex
ercise the day's programme was begun.
"Moral Reform" was discussed in all its
phases. The Rev. E. F. St. John of Kan
sas City. Kans.. made an address on
"Purity, the White Shaft." and Colonel
H. Weinstock of Sacramento talked on
"Commercial Ethics." his main point be
ing the question as to whether the morals
of trade are demoralizing or not.
Mrs. R. A. Emmons of San Francisco
spoke upon "Dress Reform in Its Effect
1 i>on Hr-alth and Morals," and the Rev.
Dr. J. N. Beard of San Francisco deliv
ered an address on the subject, "The
Place of Labor In Our Economic and
Moral I-Ife." "Temperance Reform" was
taken up at the evening session. Two
addresses were the main feature of the
evening programme, the first by M. W.
1 Wllkins of San Francisco on "The Line
Of Least Resistance." and the second by
the Tlev. Dr. J. A. U. Wilson of the How
! ard-street M. E. Church of San Francisco.
i on "The Present Crisis of Patriotism." A
discussion in which all the delegates were
| at liberty to take part followed each ad
dress. Delegates to the congress regard
I to-day's opening as successful.
the Congress of Reform at
Pacific Grove.
Two Themes That Are Exploited in
MORALS IN SOCIETY
AND IN BUSINESS
In this connection a Ptory was told to
day by a man who has a national reputa
tion as a labor leader and who is now a
power among the employes of railroads.
This man was considering the grievances
of the men on an important line previous
to consultation with the company's repre
sentative. One day he was approached by
the agent of a man who Is well known to
aspire to a seat in the Senate from his
State, one of the central western group.
This agent without any preliminary tnlk
said that he had understood the employes
of the road under consideration had many
"Early in the spring." he said. "It was
learned that the leaders of the Republican
party were greatly worried because of at
tempts being made to incite strikes in
different parts Of the country.
"We were given warning and were a
trifle more watchful in consequence."
From one Intimately connected with the
management of the New York Central it
was learned to-day that for a time there
was much fear the men would listen to
the voice of the agitators.
So much impressed were tho Republican
leaders with the danger that threatened
them that they caused to be sent to all
the heads of the great railway systems a
friendly notice that an organized attempt
would probably be made to create discon
tent among their employes.
NEW YORK. July 30.— The Herald says:
Practical confirmation was obtained to
day of the report that certain partisans of
William J. Bryan, hoping to Improve the
chances of his election, have attempted to
precipitate strikes and kindred disorders.
Could such a condition be produced as ex
isted in 18f'2 after the Homestead riots, It
is believed the labor vote would be cast
for Bryan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Liberal Contributions to a Benefit
Fund Offered if Railroad Em
ployes Could Be Induced
to Quit Work.
Believe a Series of Strikes
Would Aid the Nebras
kan's Cause.
LABOR TROUBLES
ENCOURAGED BY
BRYAN WORKERS
SANTA iHlZ. July 30.— Missionary work
was the theme to-day at the convention
of the Christian Church delegates at Gar
fieid Park. It was thf day set apart for
the Christian Women's Hoard of Missions.
The jirayer service this morning was
conducted by the Rev. Elmer Burch of
l-'ureka.
The Uev. Hiram Van Kirk conducted a
Bible study. The devotional exercises
w<iv conducted by Mrs. J. J. Morgan of
Woodland.
Th<- paper by Mrs. W. H. Weeks of
Wats-or.vllle, on "The Love of Christ Con
t--traiufcth I "p." was read by Mrs. Alum
bauKh "f Watsonville.
A poem. "The Bt«rle«s Crown," was re
cited liy Mrs. May iiarlan Brown of
Wooilland.
Mrs. Johnston of Sacramento rendered
a vecal tfclo. "Our Unwritten History"
\v:j.< the title of a paper by Mrs. J. A.
Harris of Oakland, wnich was read by
Mrs. J. A. Cameron of Alameda. "Six
Years of Bible Chair of History" was
read by Mrs. T. It. But If r of Willows.
•"Uitle Urldpffs Missionary Jug." a
po#>m. wa- recited by Mrs. S. A. Nosbitt
.if Saratoga. Then followed an interest
ing talk on India by Mrs. Eli Fisher of
Petal uma.
Tli»- Htitiress ol th»> morning was bv the
Rev. S. A. Boyor.of Stockton on "Our
Model Missionary." Mr?. C. W. Jopson
Race "Will There Be Any Stars in -My
• "r.'wn." The K«-v. J. H. Durham of Irv-
Injfton pronounced the b^ne.iictlon.
This afternoon Mr*, ii. W. Power* of
liuitc Oily, superintendent of the Young
People** \V«.rk of the State, presided at
the convention.
Report 5 wore heard from the Little
Light Bearer*, the Junior Christian En
deavor and the Intermediate Christian
Knde.ivnr.
A psper er.tstled "Watchman, What of
the Night" was read by Mrs. Alice Mur
pny of Hed Bluff.
The auxiliary president. A. R. Hatha
way of Alameiia. eo:iduct«>d a consecration
service. J,a.ter the ctnmittee conferences
were held.
The praise Fcrvire this evening was con
<1uot*-<1 by J. H. MoCulloiiph of lrvinston
Mr?. Henry Shadle. the State prosMont
qave an i'.teresting addrepR on "Toward
Sunrise." The sermon was on "World-
Wide Missions." by the Rev. W. M
White of Fan Franrlwn.
The officers of tho Chrlctlan Women's
Board of Missions for the State are:
3'rr*i<Ji r.t— Mr*. HetUT Ehkdle of S«cnun«ntn
Vice l'ri > j'l<l'>n«-M's. Sue IJ. Grant of Wood
land.
Vio President-Mr*. J. \y\ Craycroft
of Fresno.
Kcortta.r>--Tre«eurer — Mrs. J. J. Morran of
A\v,'.,)!ar.<J. ,
F:a:.» Orsanir^r- ;.»•-». Kli FiFher or Petaluma.
The committees appointed by the presi
dent. Mrs. Henry Sshadle. are:
N\>tr.inallor!«— Mr*. W. H. Martin of FVesno
Mrs. P. A. Ncsbit of Saratoga. Mr*. U. b Mo-
Hatton of Fanta Out. Mrs. M. B. Alumba'uph
of \Vatsrnvil>, Mrs. S. B. Murrhy of RM niufT
Ftat«- Work— Mm. It M. Hutler of Willows'
Mn=. M. A. Nasli of San KranclBce. Mr». Lucy
<tirtnf>r of Warm fsprinftf:, Mra R. N. Davis of
Santa <"ru*. Mr?. Pup K. Grant of woodland.
ncsolutton^— Mi*. \V.*M. White of San Fran
rif.ro, Mrs. Z. T. Marill of Mm. J. II.
MrCu!!ou^h of Irxintrton, Mrs. C. W. Jopeon of
obituary— Mrs. Vira Durham of Irvlnctcn.
Mr*, nil Fi^hor of Pctaluma, Mrs. Lymsn
Mairuire of ?aratoca.
Auditing— Mrf. Mary rmrham of Irvlnjrton.
i:ns. M. G. McMillan i.f Raci-amento. .
MiFFionary Tldlnc* and Junior Hull ijern— Mrs.
J. J. nurnett of llolllnttr. Mrs. F. S. Ford of
Esn Ktunrisco. •
H««Kittiatlon— Mrs. E. E. H»ratre« of Sacra
incr.tu.
Ui&ers-Mrs. J. A. Cair.ercn of Alameda. Mxa.
St»r:al ri!.«ratch to The Call
Programme of the Day Is Varied and
Interesting:, and Many Papers
Bearing on the Day's
Subject Are Read.
Christian Church Delegates
Discuss the Work of
Proselyting.
MISSIONARY
WOMEN'S DAY IT
GARFIELD PARK
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 30.—Senator Hanna
and Governor Roosevelt had a hot time
at Republican headquarters this morning.
Mr. Hanna took Roosevelt to task for a
speech delivered on July 17 before the
convention of the National League of Re
publican Clubs in St. Paul. The Republi
can rational campaign managers have
been much worried over Democratic at-:
tacks upon the speech, which represent
the Governor as havJng declared that all
Democrats were malefactors and cowards.
Governor Roosevelt appeared at head
quarters in the morning and rushed down
the corridor asking eagerly where Sena
tor Hanna's room whs. As soon as ho
entered all doors leading to other rooms
were locked and nobody was admitted
while they were together.
The Governor found Senator Hanna di
vested of his coat, waistcoat, collar and
cuffs and up to his elbows in work.
Governor Roosevelt had not seen the
attacks upon the speech and he was
astounded when he heard of the interpre
tation which had been put upon it. He
answered Senator Hanna, banging his fist
upon the table for emphasis, that he had
never accused all Democrats of coward
ice. He declared that he had been totally
misrepresented and he insisted that a
newspaper containing a stenographic re
port of his speech should be sent for so
that Senator Hanna could see for himself
what he had said.
When the paper was brought the Gover
nor and Senator Hanna read that portion
of the speech which furnished the busi*
for the criticisms.
When Hanna saw that the Governor had
Included only the Kansas City platform
Democrats In his accusation of lawless
ness, disorder and cowardice and that
words could not reasonably be applied to
Admiral Dewey and General Wheeler his
face cleared. He decided that the best
way to meet the attacks upon the speech
would be to print it as a campaign docu
ment and let it speak for itself. • .
Notification of Bryan and Stevenson.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 30.—Tho commit-
grievances -which could not be settled
without a long and probably costly strike.
lie then said that the national adminis
tration is opposed to the workinsman and
disposed to favor In every way corpora
tions.
For this reason, if for no other. Demo
crats would champion the cause of labor.
He then made a proposition that the day
the strike was ordered on the road a con
tribution Of $100,000 would be made to tho
treasury fund of the strike. Furthermore
a monthly contribution would be made,
the size of which would be sufficient to en
ablft the payment of strike benefits. The
proposition was not given a moment's con
sideration and the man who made it was
told there had never been a prospect of
a strike.
This story was vouched for by the man
to whom the proposition was made.
ROOSEVELT EXPLAINS
TO SENATOR HANNA
King of Pan Jose, Mrs. Alma Chance of Fresno,
Mrs. T. B. ?app of San Jo<=e.
VICTIM OF ASSASSIN AND DIAGRAM OF SCENE OF MURDER.
DOTTED LINES SHOW TRAIL OP PRINTS MADE BY MUFFLED FEET OF MURDERER; A-WHERE BAY
LESS' BODY WAS FOUND; B— WHERE EMPTY CARTRIDGE WAS LYING; C— SPOT WHERE RIFLE LAY; D—
POINT WHERE TRAIL, OF ASSASSIN WAS LOST; E— BAYLESS' BLEEPING ROOM.
_ _ _ _ -*..« - * _ ' * J< _ *. a * _.
murderer is considered most probable. The
small outbuildings are distant from the I
residence several hundred feet, and the ;
chicken, shed, which went up in flames, ;
was in a gulch through which the pre- !
vailing winds blow toward the residence, j
Every phase of the investigation only
tended to more clearly demonstrate the
correctness of the murder theory.
Wheeler Bayle.<=s, a son who resides at
Market and Lydia streets, in Oakland, |
was one of the three who went immedl- i
ately to the scene when news of the
father's death reached Oakland. He has
returned convinced that the old man was
assassinated, after being driven out by j
the burning of the house. :
"I have made arrangements to return j
to Glencoe soon." said Mr. Bayless to-day, ¦
"to continue the search for my father's I
murderer, for there is no doubt that he j
was foully Plain by an enemy who. I be- j
lieve. intended to burn him to death, but j
having failed in that* shot the poor old |
man down while he was trying to save
some of his stock.
"The footprints, so carefully traced,
tell the story. They were followed as if ;
the murderer himself had left description |
of his movements that nierht. My father i
occupied a room on <he first floor in the
front of the house, which faced diagonally
the ranch road. At the corner across the
front was undoubtedly where the fire
started. I am convinced that the mur-
derer intended to sacrifice my father in
the flames he started first, but seeing that
the old man escaped, ran to the barn and
set that afire. Then he got the rifle and
ran back to wait his chance.
"If the body had not been so badly
burned, the evidence would surely have
been found. It mlpht have been discov
ered anyway, but the Coroner buried the
remains without making a proper exami
nation. The head was gone completely.
The old man's body was a Rood target
with the background of briRht flames.
"Of course, there is a suspicion. My
father had enemies, but I am in no posi
tion now to pive names. The authorities
of Calaveras County have all the informa
tion possible to give on the subject. I fear
greatly that the wretch will never be
brought to justice, because of the destruc
tion of the evidence which might convict
him."
The ranch upon which Bayless met his
end was purchased by htm with a por
tion of the treasure he and several em
ploves unburied beneath a house at Tenth
and Grove streets ten years ago. Gold
worth $87,000 was taken from a hiding
place where it was buried, it is supposed,
by a thieving coiner of the United States
Mint. Bayless' widow and surviving
children still reside in this city. They
were> making preparations to visit the
ranch when news of the death came to
them.
Empty Shell Point
to Murder.
Footprints . in the
Ground and an
Light Breaks In on
the Mystery of
the Tragedy Near
Glencoe,
OAKLAND, July SO.,— Joseph Hayloss. ]
\ the pioreT hotisetnover of Oakland, j
/ who mei death at hi« ranch in Cal- ]
avcras County supposedly through j
the arcMr-ntal burning: of his new house, j
was. in reality, it is now firmly believed,
foully murdered by an assassin, who had
first lired the house In hope that the old
man would be burned to death.
Such is the story revealed by the
searching Investigation which the sons of
the lirad man. assisted by the authorities j
<-f C_l_ver_* County, hav*- made of the j
trapio finding of th-Mr father's charred
body on the ranch near Oloncoe.
In the nre which destroyed Rayless" j
residence and farm buildings during the {
morning of July 19 the unknown murderer '
expected to wipe out all traces of a foul j
and mysterious homicide, which has so
far baffled the closest probing for a clew i
to the assassin's Identity. Enemies the i
• ¦Id man had. but at whom the finger of j
suspicion can be pointed is yet to be dis- ;
closed. The children of the dead mar.
have vowed to make ceaseless effort to I
uncover the dark mystery and not a de- j
tail will be !eft unheeded in this hunt !
for th<- person who ihey believe slew ageJ j
Joseph iSayless with a ball from the mur- '
c3frf*d .-anchor's own rifle.
Ir. the strange muffled footprints around j
the ranch houses, the empty cartridge I
Fhcll found rx-ar the house, the rifle bar- j
re! damp with freshly exploded powder, !
the position of the body In the barn dour- ;
way- all mark the trail of the midnipht i
assassin so clearly that none who saw '<
th*' mute evidence could say aught but
that a double crime ha.d been committed ;
—arson and murder.
The Sheriff of « alaveras County and the i
Constables and Deputy Sheriffs of the !
<>!encoe district have :n band every fea- \
Lure of the mystery and not one move is i
being overlooked that might lift the veil ;
from the mystery surrounding the aged 1
OMklandor's death.
On the morning of July 13 neighbors dis- 1
covered the resifotHv, a large two-story j
building, in ashe". A shed several nun"- I
fired feot distant had also been destroyed. >
In the place where had been the doorway !
of the burned barn the body of Ray less i
was found. It was all but consumed in i
the fire.
When the officers reached the scene they
found in the yard near the dwelling two
bureau drawers of clothing, some blan- •
kets, a shotgun, rifle and a set of harness, I
which, it is supposed, Kayless earned out
Of tho house while it w;is afire. Bayless
must havp pone to iho Lam and released
two horsos therr. because they were found
loose on the place. From the way his
body lay it would seem that he fell back
ward as he was taking out harness.
In tho skoWon of hi* hand was _ bunch
of iron from harne-sp. The body was on
it? back. Around the empty rifle shell
wore human footprints. Indicating that
the rancher had been shot as he emerged
from the barn and that his body fell into
the fiamep. which destroyed the direct ev-
Idence of the assassination.
And the trail of footprints that the sons
and the Sheriff found tell the story. There
Is a road branching to tho Bayless place
from the Glencoe road. The trail of steps
was first taken up on the ranch road and
followed to a corner of the burned house,
thence to the rear of the barn. Then they
were retraced back to the little pile of
household poods. There the assassin, bo
the marks read, picked up Bayless' rifle,
and walked down to a point opposite the
barn entrance. The rifle shell wa? suf
rounded by the same indistinct prints,
which were traced back again to the
ranch road, then down to a field that sep
arates it from the Glencoe road and
further across the road and into the
brush where the trailers lost it.
That the houses were fired by the
RANCHER BAYLESS' SONS SAY HE WAS SHOT DOWN
WITH HIS OWN RIFLE BY A MIDNIGHT ASSASSIN
tee of reception for notification day ex
pects Messrs. Bryan ad Stevenson August
7. during the evening, but they may be
detained in Chicago so as not to reach
here until August 8. They will be es
corted here by Mayor Harrison and 300
members of the Cook County Democratic
Club, with other prominent Democrats
from Northern Indiana and Illinois.
¦ .-_. -. v i ¦...'¦-. ¦ - - .
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTJl-Y 31, 19OO.
4
worn according to directions and
under my treatment, had abso-
lutely cured them. This is evi-
dence which cannot be disputed
and is convincing proof of my
ability to cure you.
PATENTED.
During 1899 upwards of 8000
sufferers from rheumatism, sci-
atica, gout, kidney, bladder and
liver troubles, nervous debility,
paralysis and general -weakness
voluntarily testified that my
t. Santo Electric Belt.
My free illustrated book,
¦will be pleased to have you cal!
6; Sunday, 10 to 1.
My life has been spent in this
work. The result is my improved
method. It is a gfr ea * success.
No honest doctor will deny that
Electricity is the only natural
restorative, the only means of
curing ailments of a nervous and
debilitating nature. The only
difficulty has been in the manner
of application. Experience com-
bined with study and a reason-
able amount of intelligence
should educate any man in
the proper application of a cura-
tive agent.
_$j_/_^;;= MisZ*^** ¦-¦ i AmlMti?
TRADE MARK.
Xvl-A."3r SURELY BE OT_J_FL_E_!_D !
THAT AWFUL WEAKNESS
GLEN OAKS RANCH - Nice surrounding
comrortable- rooms;' ' grxtA table: convenient
location. Adiirea* K. QL'IEX. Glen Ellen- C*t
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A qu!>'t ranch, fh'
inile^ from Panta Cruz; deliuhtful summit
home in redwoods; running watir: abunilan> »
fruit: bixkI taMe; terms $j;o wei-k. AJdre»
W. CIU.NPELL. Santa Crua. Cal. .
QUIET home In Sonoma reawocnU: chicken*
eggs. milk. cr?am, fruit; free drives: jr**?
rooms: terms 16 per week. Address Itedwu-'!
Heirhts. Occidental, Cal
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
\antagrs of a health resort as well a.i being j
fully «q.uij.peJ sanitarium. Carrlag* meets a..
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Ad_r««*
ST. HELEXA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. C»..
ST- HELENA SANITARIUM ,£S rui ;
HLAMATH MOT SPftiNCS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county Is
California. Trout fishing— finest in the State-
Sh.ne! «."reek. IS miles for casting. Huntinc-
plenty of game in surrounding mountains —
Krouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS.,
Proprietors, Beswlck. Slsklyou County. Cal.
The most attractive place In Lake County ta
srtnd your vacation. Roating. bathintc. bowl-
Ire tennis, li%ery. new walks, etc. Writ* tot
ciicular to B, WAMBOLD,
Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cat
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
In the heart of the Sierras. Per.'ect climate.
f.ne fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
nt no poison cak. no pests. An ideal ii>o|
for' families. See "Tha Traveler' for Dartic-
"ars open juu 1. Address MKS. U. it.
CLEMONS. independence Lake. CaL
VICHY SP/HNCS, .
Tt rpe miles from fkiah. The only place In tha
Vnlto'l >Statt>s where vi.hy water Is abundant.
The cnly r.atural electric waters: champasna
hath- '(•itrnnnllnary tonic »iropert!ps. J. A.«i
TlEI'EMEYER & CO.. Vichy Springs, Mon-
ducir.n County, Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT JPHpy&oS&I
Rrrlnj-s- new maraKPrrrnt; a place of comfort
all <e<twni' 4B miles (r«.m S. F.. via Tiburon
firrv" V R station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive Vwirnmlncr t.ink: $10 :o and up per week;
r'wnd trip $1 S on Sur.,!ay. CtKiPER A STPW-
AP.T Asvia Caliente. CaL Lon^-dist;i nee plume.
The Placo for Kcst and Health,
Orchard Springs.
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NT:-
Tada, near Colfax. on the C P. Ii. R. Plain,
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountriin
air fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
ifornia: i.l.-al ground* and surroundings: on
railroad. 13>> mil"* tnm £an Franrisco: IS »
week- open all y<»fir: send for hookl-t. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park; Cal.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. G^ut. Lead and Mercurial
Poiaonln?. Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
f'omplaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
F.aths refitted and improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. 112 to $14 per week. Train*
lrave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. 9 a.
m and 2:45 p. m. daily. Carriages at Gllroy
for springs. For illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
CI/APrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OI\r\vIVJO county; only 4'4 hours
from San Francisco anj but nine miles of
5taRin«f fcaters nnted fir medicinal virtues;
best natural bath in State: grand mountain
scenery: Rood trout streams at door; telephone,
t»M?_raph: dally mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morninfc and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco only 13 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at T:SO a. m. or ?:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day •*
$13 a week. Reference*—Any guest of the pajt
five years: patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
WHERE
CAN YOU GO WITH ONLY 3* HOURS
i ¦ OF" STAGING.
I AXD ONLY $S.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIP. ,
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ON.E MOMENT
THE JUSTLT CELEHRATED ANI> DEAL- .
TIFUL
HICHLANDSPRiNGSf
DANCINO -:_ nights of the week. GO^t .
Tennis. lira tin*. Cement 9wlramlK _r»n«. (
ACRES of bhady Orores end MILt» «
Ehady Walks.
Finest _>eer Hunting In the County. ""°" n *
Horse* and Gutdes. Hot Mineral and Vafwr
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Num-rous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
CuratlTe Properties. Larce Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIO. 31« Montgomery St..
or address CRAIO A WARNER. Highland
Springs. Cal^ -
I Trv ' I
1 Coronado Beach. I
1 HOTEL t>EL CORONADO 1
Is a Perfectly Delightful f
1 Country Summer Home. |
H Get Special Summer F.aies. ft
i Inquire At>out It at «
! 628 MAKKET STBEET, i
San Francisco.
E. S. BABCOCK. Manager, j,
I Coronado B»;ach, Cal. 9
Central California
L »
San Jose is the central city of California, and i
Hotel Vendome is Its most attractive feature.
Adiacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions reached perfect
roa«l« Hotel thoroiichly modern and first-class
in every resfet. with service unsurpassed.
Rates rensorlable. For further information call
at -'Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery St., San
M g r.. P»n Jo»«. Cal.
PARUSO HOT SPRINGS. Carl8 A h^. 0^.
b-Uhs- swimming tank 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are al graduate. Hunting and tishing; chil-
drcn-s playpround. croquet, lawn tennis and
Ke hall: UrCT hotel and 30 cotta K e., flfford-
Ine special accommodations for fam.l.es. all
Uluminated by K as. By train Third and Town-
ppnd streets. Pan Francisco, 9 a m.: First ami
Broadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. daily for Sole-
did then bv Ptaee over beautiful level road 7
miles to erfinKS. Round-trip tickets %*. at S
r office 613 Market street Telephone and
nnstofftce For illustrated pamphlets and fur-
thw information address F- L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
SANTA GATALINA ISLAND,
34 Hours* Rid* From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishlnc Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL. CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets. apply to BANXIN o CO..
K2 South Spring St.. Lo» Angeles. Cal.
OLEMA HOTEL,
E. TJ. NELSON. Manager.
OLEMA. MARIN COUNTY. CAL.
SPECIAL RATES
Until August 15.
Write for Term*.
Address A. BSTTEMS. Mgr., Byron Hot Sprines. C-l.
C»H ori I^Ti'jxri' ' ' •. • ' i.rv. **:ty.
Saratoga springs
Call at 41fi Pino St.. S. F., or
•write J. MARTENS. Bachelor P.
| O. Full Information gladly given.
BLUE LA'KEsT
Lake Co.; fine fishing, boatin*, bathing anl
hunting: in the heart of the mountains. The
best table In Lake Co. Address O. WEI3-
MAN, MIdlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
VVALDRUHE,
i Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
I for families. First-class table. All kinds of
. dairy produce. Fine spring water. Rate* $7
! up. Send for circular. C. H. W. RKUN'IXG.
; £anta Hnsa. Cal.
;||G A r lsb'adi'pS^s 1 :
Most beautiful tpct In Lake County. Water*
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Aecommoil_Uo_» Brat
class: *10 a week: lighted by gas.
W R. McOOVERN. Kelsey vllle. LaXs Co.
THE GEYSERS, _—?
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, fishing.
¦ huntlnr and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. Mar.actr.
« — , .
FI MftNTF HflTFI Los oatos. cai-
CL H1U11 1 L 11U 1 EL, n eau t|ful K r o u n ds.
magnificent viexr and first-clap* accommoda-
tions. Large sunny rooms. Ppecinl rates to
families. Free bus meets every train: 55 miles
from San Francisco. Fare $1 65.
THE YJELLESLEY,
California and Larkin- St»., Pan Francisco.
Strictly First Class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
NAPA SODA [SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANS, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
For the 1. Her— rest. For the hunter— the ureat
jcame of the mountains. For the ansrler— the
salmon and the trout in the headwaters of th»
Sacramento and th° K!amath. ALL AT SIS-
S»>N'S DOOR. The tavern is new and fr<»sh
and clean, with every modern comfort. The
railway brings one almost to the door. 1Vri;>r-»
Nature is her trrandest, come and learn how
Krand her Inspirations are. Rates, $10 to J13
per week. $2 a" per day. Guides and horses
for mountain climb-rip. MU_. M. L. SISSON.
Proprietor, Sisson, Cal.
Smiles down en Nature's t>r«wl expanse.
Far from the chilling summer f.'Ks anil fre»
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON TAV-
KUX, STiOO feet above the sea level, on the ever-
green slopes of Shasta, is the ideal spot for a
summer vacation. Near It the jrreat foresta of
Pine and cedar and hemlock, around it a wii'.*
expanse of meadowa, about It the perfect
beauty cf Sha.«ta.
SISSON TAVERN.
JVhere Shasta'a summit, clad in enow.
ADVERTISEMENTS. 9
_^P^W BTTLE
A? oattivel? ctLfed by iHeae
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspeixga, j
tadlgestfon and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feet -remwiy tor LHz-jnesa, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste to ttoc Mouth, Coa.teo Tcngm
?afo in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They '
RiV|ulate ihc* Bowels. -Purely Vegetable.
Stnato Pil^ Small Dose. !
S?rea!t P?3ca»
No More Bread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific method applied to the gum?. No
eleep-produclns agenta or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors in San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
nnd ingredients to extract, fill and apply roM
crowns and p'jrcelain crowns undetectabie from
natural teeth, and r.arranted foF ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full s?t of I
teeth |S; a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
(Jnld crowns. X>. Oold fllllnss. $1. Silver flll-
Inpa. "i0c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years" experience, and
each department in charge of a specialist. Give
ua a call, and you will find ua to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
b$j PLATES fl3rl^§d%
New York Denial Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
DR. MEYERS & CO M
W^?> <3®&m>
Specialists for Ailments of Ven,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
MANHOOD RESTORED T^_^£_&!i-
Vitalizer. the prescription of a
i>»» n _. f amou s French physician, will
<53<»S»^l!'"'^ <julckly cure you of all ner-
HS^fe-^^l voua ur ¦ii^'-ason of the nenrra-
W'WV« tive organs, fudi as Ivist Man-
i^t^VTym^ JbS» hood. Insomnia, Tains In the
ityfvJ ffetf Back. Nervous Debility, Pim-
Ifc/T- iU_G_i pies. Exhausting Drains, Varl-
"^_SW cocele and ConstiDation. It
*^ V._/»'*» stops all losses by day or
nlcht. Cup4dene cleanses the
liver the kidneys and the urinary organs of all
impurities. Cupidene (strengthens and restores
"The reason°suffe'rers are not cured by Doctors
is berause i*0 P^r cent are troubled with Pros-
t-tltis 'rupldene the only knnwn remedy to
cure without an operation. 5000 testimonials.
A written Ruarautee Riven and money re-
turned if S boxes do not effect a permanent
cure $1.00 a box. 6 boxes for 15.00, by malt.
<5end for free circular and testimonials.
Address Davol Medicine Co.. 40 Ellis st.. San
Francisco. Cal.. Grant Drug Co.. IS & 40 Third st-
?'<_l j q_jT_i^>> *ff> **% <*^^**^f-^>-^*-ft
wisi" OR JORDAN'S sreatJ
*B0SEU-i of mmm)
a £& 1051 U-sss: st. t«. e_>s7±. c.t .c_u a
' QT The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
h _ iA__ World. V> eiknef.ses of iny conttacttd Q
7 3_C?S_JJ disease pc*l«l»^ljr cured by the oldest T
S> M_SlT1 Specialist c a the Co_>t Est-36yaar* ®
A JS^yA OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ •('J^'^liri Coawltation ften and strictly prirate. \
A HywJfni Tn itmem. personally r.r by Irttrr. A jf
V R fl> st ff fM.lnt Cure tn erery case undertaken. T
A W if 1I& Write for Book. P-ILOSOPBVsf A
\f I (J IV MAnBIAGE, MAILED FRBB. !Af
\ H II, valuable book for men; X
9 fill JOBDAK A CO.. 1051 Mar!;pt «t..H. P. f
8»<i_,^^^^ y^^o^^b^sa^^^^'^ <^ <^C
PALACE and \
GRAND HOTELS
Travelers from every portion of the
globe show their appreciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained .
in those hotels by making them their
headquarters when vlsitlui; San
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment on the American and European
plans.
jr."_* ( 3^*___&»»«>*CT "l«t « tn _ non-poisoncrot
V /^k?UVllEb^t4 Olei-t, Sperm-torrhce*
f'^lnltaSdays-Vl "^'t 8 *- unnatural Ii*
J Oc^ranued gf cnarGM, or any inflr— rn_.
>"; net to (trlet—ro. tion, i irritation or uufr*
,'Prtronu eonttgion. tion mo cons nieia-
AtkeEvaN3 CHEMi__LCo. branes - Non-aetrineenfe
$\ciNCtNNATt.O -ESS?! iSold Oy Or_lB3rt«t«,
¦ o -• a J-'n or scnt ' n pl*in wrippep
<£v"'i 'NvT" * l^T-^rK ll l' expn-sa. prepaid, iat
%<&&% saa •«tra i -__,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTKRS. THE
great Mexican remedy: Elves health and
; strength to sexual organs. Depot, 223 Market.
BVW____k___u_ckm_i?4^^^__ " nil wcaw at^qs
'.f.^rlj^.l^^-
Inn, Mill Valley.*^
I 'inorouKhly renovated. Electric lights, bll-
: Hards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class
j For terms apply to MRS. P. J. - MARTINA.
of FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Ked 2-C6, 640 Market St.. S. F.
OTTO E. NEVER, Proo., I'aso Koblea. Cal
Take the rest you have earned.
Take the HOT MUD BATHS
tor your health's sake at
£ HOT SPRINGS
Rates for hotel, baths and physicians, $10
to J.l * week.
Special round-trio rebate tickets.
Illustrated booklet and further information
A vacation does not usually
extend beyond two or three or
four weeks, so that many ot
those who have been sojourn-
ing during the past month at
the various resorts along the
California Northwestern Rail-
way are returning to their
homes.
Those who intend to take
their vacation during July or
August, and those who may not
have thought of a rest, but
should do so, can now easily
find the desired accommoda-
tions.
Call for "VACATION," a
little book just issued by the
company, giving Camping Lo-
cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring
Resorts, and a list of one hun-
dred and sixty-seven Farm* and
homes where Board for the
Summer can be secured at from
$5. co to $8.00 per week.
' Ticket Office. «50 Market »t.
(Chronicle building).
General Office. Mutual Llf%
buildingr. Panaome and California
st8.. San Franclaco.
H. C. WHITIXQ. Oensr&l Mtnagar.
B. X. RYA3, Ota'l Fisi. Agt
DR. T. A. SANDEN^o'rw^^EEr,
iny address, tells all about it, or I
f of its merits. Office hours, 9 to
which will be sent securely sealed to i
i, examine the belt and satisfy yourse
_ «.S"__-K -_fc»^& i _.*^S" *''^-*** < T*^;'__t- " ' *^' *m*~ t-mJ-^ «_>* ".f-jhu- f -, ij "__"¦ " " - »»- "•__._**- 1_ _ _• *¦ _Cabrera Malo Is .Appointed Minister
of the Interior.
CARACAS, Venezuela. July 30.— The fol
lowing is the composition of the new Cab
inet officially gazetted to-day:
Minister of the Interior. Cabrera Malo.
M nister of War. General Pulldo.
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Eduardo
Minister of Finance. Tello Mendoza.
Minister of Public Works. Senor Otanez.
Minister of Commerce. Senor Ayala.
Minister of Public Instruction. Feilx
Quintero. -
VENEZUEI*AN CABINET.
Booth on April 8. ISM. He worked steadily
there until May 4, 1900. On that day he
lert the mill and was In Paterson but
seldom afterward. On May 22 last he
sailed on the French liner Havre for
Europe. Where he spent the intervening
time Is not known.
• Among the better class of Italians noth
ing but words of regret were heard to-day
over the killing of King Humbert. A lead
ing merchant of Paterson, who admitted
that his reason for not wanting his name
mentioned was that he feared the anar
chists and the Mafia, said he hoped t>ie
murder of the King would lead all nations
to take vigorous steps to stamp out the
organization. He said no one's life was
safe if he incurred the enmity of any man
In the organization. In discussing Bressl
he said he believed there had not been a
drawing, but that Cariboni had been
vouched for by Bressl, that Cariboni had
weakened and Bressi had to take his
place and Cariboni kill himself.
Paterson has long been a hotbed of
anarchists. Men here who were familiar
more 'or less with the workings of the
organization pay that for years Paterson
has contained more of the society than
any other city in the United States, with
the possible exception of Chicago. There
is a ftrong socialist element in Paterson.
and the anarchists formerly worked with
this clement.
" The anarchists tried to control the so
cialists, and failing dropped away "from
the movement and denounced the social
ists because of their peacefulness * and
claimed that they were traitors, although
the socialists had never tried anything
but peaceful methods and were purely
political and law-abiding. The anarchists
embraced every strike in Paterson for a
long time as a means of fomenting trouble
ana during the great silk strike three
years ago^-the strike which drove the silk
Industry to locate factories, in different
parts of the country— the anarchists did
more than air else to bring about the
removal of the manufacturers. They used
dynamite, and although their efforts to
destfoy factory buildings were frustrated
they created such a feeling of uneasiness
that the manufacturers withdrew.
When the Empress of Austria. was mur
dered the local anarchists had a'big,cele
bration, but not openly. When the news
came they slipped out of the city and as
sembled at a prearranged point, when
they held their jollification, and when it
was over returned to Paterson. As they
I had gone singly and at Intervals, they
I avoided general notice.
MESSAGE SENT
BY ThJE PRESIDENT
WASHINGTON. July SO.-The following
message of condolence upon the death of
King Humbert has been sent:
"DEPARTMENT OF STATE. WASH
INGTON, July 30.— His Majesty Victor
Emmanuel, Rome: In rrry name and on
behalf of the American people I offer your
Majesty and the Italian nation sincere
condolences in this hour of deep bereave
ment. WILLIAM M'KJXLEY."
The following message has been sent to
Baron Fava, Italian Embassador to this
country:
"DEPARTMENT OF STATE, WASH
INGTON, July 30,-To his Excellency the
Italian Embassador, Seabright, N. J. : The
sad tidings of the King's assassination
has profoundly shocked public sentiment.
The President has telegraphed to his
Majesty Victor Emmanuel offering in
his name and en behalf of the American
people sincere condolences.in this hour ot
deep bereavement. Permit me to add the
assurances of my personal sympathy
"JOHN HAY," I
The State Department this afternoon re
ceived official notification of the assas
sination of King Humbert from Mr. Id
dlnps, in charpe x>t the United States em
bassy at Rome. It Is as follows:
"King Humbort. was assassinated last
night, Sunday, at 10 o'clock," at Monza,
while driving away after distributing
prizes at competitive athletic exercises.
The King was shot at three times by an
Italian and died a few minutes later.
Have just received official notification
from the Minister of Foreign Affairs an
nouncing the death of the King 'and- the
succession of his son. Prince Victor
Emmanuel."
Baron Fava. the Italian Embassador,
has acknowledged the recqfpt of President
McKlnley's message of condolence to the
Italian Government. Baron Fava tele
graphed: '
"Your telegram received and transmit
ted to my Government. I am deeply grate
ful for the part theTresident, your Excel
lency and the American people take in our
great sorrow." ,
Continued From First Page.
"GREATEST CRIME OF THE
CENTURY," CRIED MARGHERITA
LONDON, July 30.— The Colombian Con
sul General here informs the Associated
Press that he has received a cablegram
announcing that Uribo has been precipi
tately abandoned by Orcana, who Is being
pursued by 7000 troops. The situation in
Panama and on the coast, the cable mes
sage says, is satisfactory.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. July 30.— News by
the steamer Trent to-day from Colon
shows that the capitulation of the Colom
bian rebels at Panama was due entirely to
the arrival of General Serrano with 10UO
troops from Savanilla. The rebels fought
desperately and would have won, but that
Serrano's troops turned the day against
them, they being caught between two
fires. The majority of the rebels, it is re
ported, have left Panama to join the rebel
forces at other points. A number of the
best families at Panama are mourning
the loss of relatives In the recent battle.
The premium on gold remains at 160 per
"colon. July 3O.-Surprise has been ex
oressed Vt the ease and completeness of
fhl victory of the Government forces
over those of the rebel* in the battle of
.Monday, July 23. The reasons, as gener
ally ascribed for the failure of the insur
gents arethat there had been a rupture
between the leaders in tn e rebel camp and
that there was little discipline among {he
troops, who utterly disregarded the gen
erals order to intrench and prepare for
attack by the Government army When
once the two forces were face to face the
rebels made a mad rush for the Govern
ment trenches, but were met with a hot
fire which resulted in a terrible slaughter.
Under the direction of Government offi
cers the work of cremating the corpses
of those who fell in the" battle is progress
insr The odor from putrefy ins bodies i and
the" pyres pervades the atmosphere of the
Cl The British cruiser Porcupine arrived at
Colon to-day. "^"¦*- ''¦'-¦¦¦>:.-
Reported That the Rabel Leaders Are
at Odds and There Is I»ittle
Discipline Among Their
Followers.
Situation at Panama and' on
the Coast Satis-
REVOLUTIONISTS
IN COLOMBIA
ABANDON URIBO
Shot His Companion.
PANA, 111., July 30.— Frank Jones trxJay
shot and killed James Earn. Both are
ased 16 and are members of prominent
families.
Was Principal Chieftain in Central
Soudan and Has Given the
French Much Trouble.
PARIS. July 3a— M. de Crais. the Min
ister of the Colonies, has received a dia
patch announcing the Junction of the ex
peditions organized by Damay agrainst
Sultan Rabah. A hard battle occurred
at Kousri. in which Commander Lammt
and Captain de Cointel were killed.
Rabah's troops were put to flight. Rabah
was killed and his head cut off by a sharp
shooter, who brought it into the camp.
Rabah was the principal chieftain of the
Central Soudan and for many years he
had Riven the French there a g^eat deal
of trouble. He was formerly a slave of
Zobehr Pasha, but raised himself to a
position of power by defeating one chief
after another.
found to belong on this side of the Rio
Granae and wore liberated. The remaind
er are held under guard.
SULTAN RABAH IS
KULED IN BATTLE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. July 20.-Word was, re
ceived to-day that the European owners
and managers of the Kosmos line had al
ready arranged for starting the bi-month
ly steamers for the trade of the future.
When the arrangement was made with
the Kosmos line for the extension of the
steamer trips up the coast to this point
and San Francisco it was understood that
the steamers would be along about once
each sixty days, but after two or three
had visited the coast the managers has
f-r.ed to increase the number of boats, un
til they are now following each other at
intervals of about thirty days.
Owners and Managers of the Line
Will Increase the Service.
MORE KOSMOS LINE BOATS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July CD.— William W. Water
man, one of the most prominent vineyardists
and orchardists in the county, died yesterday
aftf-rnoon at 1 o'clock at his home at Vinl Hill,
of heart disease. ,
Mr. Wafrnian had one of the finest vineyards
In the Panta Cruz Mountains and was always
an r.ctlve member of the. Fair Building Asso
ciation and promoter of the county fairs. He
was a charter member of the First IlaDtist
Church of Santa Cruz, and now only one more
of the charter member? survives. He was a
native of Connecticut and f.6 years of ape.
Mrs. Juliana Perez, wife of Fred Perez, a
wealthy fisherman, died at her home to-day.
She was 14 years of age and a native of Fan
Juan, Cal. She leaves three sons and a
rJauihter.
SAN JOSE, July 30.— Mrs. C. II. Haynes' was
found d*ad in b*>d at her home, 320 North
Thirteenth street, at 5 o'clock this mornins by
her husband. | She had suffered for a number
of yecra with ppilepsy. She was a native of
Michigan and 43 years of age.
Pl'ISt'N'. July 3a— Thomas Cuff, an old resi
dent of Solano County, was found dead in his
home in Fairfield to-day. He had been living
alone since the death of his wife, which oc
currfd several months a?ro. The condition of
Mr. Cuffs l>ody showed that he must have been
dead for several 'lays. The deceased was a na
tive of Ireland and over 70 years of age.
SAN DIEGO. July 30.— Edwin A. Stevens, a
vtteran newspaper man of many years on this
coast, who was for thirteen years connected
with the Sacramento Record Union and also
with the Alta Californian and other papers,
dirfi h<>re this morning after a lingering illness,
atrod C2 years. He came to this coast in 1^67
from New York Ptate, and at one time pub
lished the Sunday Mercury of San Francisco.
DEATHS ALONG THE C(MST.
July 30.— The identity
of the boys killed by a Santa Fe train la?t
Friday nlcht was cleared up to-day.
Coroner Buckreus received a message
from the father of one of the boys. Their
names were Vincent and Walker and they
lived in Kings and Tulare counties. The
Coroner has been In receipt of telegrams
and letters of inquiry from parents since
the news was fir?t published. The bodies
were buried yesterday in one grave, it
belnp impossible to decide what particular
fragments of bone and flesh were origin
ally joined together.
Identity of the Dead Boys.
SAN DIEGO. July 30.— In his annual rerwrt
to the Uoard of Trustees of the State Normal
School. President Samuel T. Black recommends
that the Legislature be urged to make two ap
propriations fcr the school, one to complete the
structure by the construction of the western
wine, for whii.h about $40,000 will be needed,
and the other for the imrrovement of the
campus, of which there are about thirteen
acres.
PHOENIX. Ariz . July SO.— In the District
Court to-day the Cobre Grande case came up
for Rearing. The decision will be rendered Sat
urrla>. The suit is for an injunction to restrain
W. C. Green. George Mitchell and the Phoenix
National Bank from disposing of various con
tract* and papers of the company, and -was
brought by J. H. Wood, secretary of. the com
pany.
Marysville, July SO.— Edward Verry (colored),
19 year? old, was rirowned in Simmerly Slough,
in the northern pan of the city, at 7 o'clock
last night. The body was recovered. Verry
was the son of Mrs. E. A. Kins of Oakland,
and came here a week ago to work in a can
nery.
. LOS AXGELES. July 30.— X X. Cochran,
formrrly of Sacramento, a laborer, fllod a peti
tion in Insolvency here to-day. His creditors
are all Sacramento people. He owes $596 LO and
his Hf-pfts are $J0 worth of closing.
SACRAMENTO. July 3O.-Judg<? E. C. Hart
to-day continued the case of Martin Westlake.
chargp«1 with the murder of R. R. Watts, until
October 1. because of. the absence of an impor
tant witness i"or the prosecution.
SEATTLE. Wash., July 30.— The Pacific Door
and Ptave Company's plant was completely de
stroyed by fire early to-day. Loss, $10,000; no
insurance.
LOVELOCKS. Nev., July 30.— The thermom
eter registered 112 In the shade here to-day.
BRIEF COAST NEWS.
So Says the Doctor Who Attended the
Stockton Auctioneer.
STOCKTON. July 30.— Dr. Sargent-, at
tending physician for G. W. Melone. the
aged auctioneer, • reported to have com
mitted suicide here yesterday, states that
there is no truth in the suicide story. Me
lone died of cancer of the stomach, and
during a paroxysm of pain and while de
lirious from the use of opiates he punc
tured, the skin over the scat of the pain
with a small penknife, with which he had
been cleaning his fingernails. Xhe wounds
were trivial and had nothing to-do with
hi«-death. He had been at death's. door
for a week. Deceased was an old resident
and leaves five sons and a wife. He was
a Knight of Pythias, an Odd Fellow and
a Red Man. ¦
NOT A CASE OF SUICIDE.
I,os Angeles Syndicate Invests One
and a' Half Millions in the
Property.
LOS ANGELES, July 30. — The Temescal
ranch of over 14,000 acres, situated partly
in Ventura and partly In Los Angeles
counties, and which has been for a long
while the property of David C. Cook, the
Chicago publisher, has been purchased by
a synuicate of Los Angeles oil men. Some
portions of the ranch are highly improved
and the townsite of Peru City is on the
land The price was In the neighborhood
of $1 500,000: A company with a capitaliza
tion of $3,000,000 will be incorporated at
once and drilling for % oil on. the ranch will
be begun as soon alvthe charter for. the
company is obtained. Prominent men in
the new" corporation are: O. S. A. Sprague,
a Chicago grocer and capitalist: W. W.
Xewer president of the Columbia Oil
Company; Senator Robert N. Bulla. W.
G Kerchkoff, J. F. Sartori and Thomas H.
Hughes. The land adjoins the holdings of
the Modello Oil Company, controlled by
the Crockers.-,- . ' ¦ *
OIL MEN PURCHASE
THE TEMESCAL RANCH
and this popular resort is crowded with
visitors.
This morning D. P. Ward of Oakland
gathered the boys .and girls together and
conducted a Bible class.
A lecture on "The Aspects of the Lite
of Jesus" was delivered by Thomas Bald
win. D. D., of Oakland.
The first of the series of studies In the
literary course — "The Beacon Lights of
History"— was taken up to-day, i The
theme of the lecturer, who was Robert
Whittaker of Oakland, was "The Ameri
can Historians — Bancroft, Prescott, Mot
ley and Parkinson^'
This evening a praise service was led
by W. C. Driver of Healdsburg. A humor
ous lecture was given by \V. G. Gaston of
Santa Rosa.
The officers of the assembly are:
President— David P. Ward of. Oakland. .' ¦'-, : "\
Vice president — A. P. Banks of Sacramento.
Secretary and Treasurer— E. R. Bennett of
Oakland.
Directors— Robert Whltaker. E. R. Bennett.
Dr J B Holme?. David P. Ward of Oakland:
A B Banks. D.D.. of Sacramento: A. P.
Brown of Fresno; G. W. DIsher of Round Val
ley; T. S. Young of San Jose; S. G. Adams of
Sacramento; B. F. Farmer of Redding; E. II.
Hayden of Santa Cm*.
Musical director— W. C. Driver of Healda
burg; assistant, B. J. Davis of Sacramento.
Study of the Bible and of American
'Literature Features of the First
Day's Programme.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAXTA CRUZ. July 30.— The Twin
Lakes Baptist Assembly opened to-day
BAPTISTS' ASSEMBLY
OPENS AT TWIN LAKES
Official Reports Received FTom Cap
tains of the Revenue Cutters
Bsar and Manning.
WASHINGTON. July 30.— The official re
ports of Captain Tuttle of the revenue
cutter Bear, dated July 6, at Nome City,
Alaska, and of Captain Roberts of tlir*
revenue cutter Manning, dated July 14. at
Dutch Harbor, have been received at the
Treasury Department.
Captain Tuttle reports an epidemic of
measles and pneumonia at Slnecock, Po-t
Clarence, Cape York and Cape Prince of
Wales. In concluding Captain Tuttle
says:
"The situation along the whole coast I
regard as very serious. It is estimated
that at present there are within a radius
(taking the United States Postoffice as a
center) of ten miles 25,000 people. Moct
of them are living In tents on the beach.
"The sanitary condition of the portion
of the city where houses have been erect
ed is fimply frightful. Typhoid fever is
raging and smallpox steadily gaining. All
possible efforts are being made to stamp
out the smallpox, but with so many thou
sands of tents, scattered over miles of ter
ritory, it is impossible for the health au
thorities to keep track of ail cases. As
nearly as can be traced the disease WT3
introduced by the steamer Oregon.
Afterward the steamers Ohio and Santa
Ana were found to be infected and were
placed In quarantine. The Oregon ha*l
left before her cases were discovered.
General Randall is commanding with a
firm hand and having troops at his dis
posal will maintain order until such time
as civil government Is organized. I un
derstand the natives all along the Siberian
coast are suffering from influenza and
pneumonia and not disposed to trade for
reindeer at present."
SANITARY CONDITION OF
NOME IS VERY BAD
! Storm in Arizona Causes Disaster
Along the Banks of Creeks
Tributary to the Verde.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. July "A— A cloudburst
flooded canyons and valleys atd caused
I disaster alone the banks of the many
j ?mall ri.-ers and creeks tributary to the
I Verde River. The storm broke late in the
i afternoon and with but liftlo warning a
j tremendous flood swept down and'earried
all before it. Many, camper* along the
banks were caught unawares and wagons
I and ttnts were washed down stream. So
! 'far as known but two lives were lost.
¦ J. H. Jacobson and his partner, believed
I to be one Williams, prospectors from
j Iowa, were drowned while engaged in an
effort to save a horse and mining outfit.
The r^ailstorm was ter/itic. stones as large
as walnuts falling between Pima and
Prescott.
The storm of to-day will feed the canals
which irrigate the principal agricultural
regions of Arizona and be worth many
hundreds cf thousands of dollars to the
ranchers.
DROWNING OF TWO
MEN IN A CLOUDBURST
(All efforts to communicate with Grass Valley or Nevada City by wire or tele
phone proved futile and the extent of the fire could not be ascertained at 2 a. m.
NEVADA CITY, July 31, 1 a. m.— The glare of a large fire in the direction
of Grass Valley is distinctly visible here. Nothing has been heard from Gra^ss
Valley.
(At this point the telephone wire.refused to work and the supposition is that
the office has been destroyed, thus Interrupting communication with Grass Val
ley and Nevada City.)
GRASS VALLEY, July 31, 12:30 a, m. (By telephone to Associated Press).— At
midnight fire was discovered in a large livery stable near the telephone exchange.
The fire looks threatening and there is danger of a big conflagration.
BIG FIRE RAGING
IN GRASS VALLEY
According to late reports at Skaguay
the steamer Florence S, which was
wrecked in Thirty-mile River on July 20,
turned turtle because of a heavy shipment
of machinery on her main deck shifting.
The steamer is said to have been running
fast when she left White Horse, a short
time before, in the hope of keeping ahead
of another steamer that was to try to
make a record. trip to Dawson. The other
steamer followed four hours later and
picked up the survivors of the wreck,
numbering thirty, who had made shore.
Nothing has been seen of the bodies of
the three persons drowned. Mrs. Stuart
and daughter of Victoria and Jack Mc-
Cabe of Portland, the steward of the boat.
On July 31 the Lake Bennett section of
the White Pass and Yukon Railroad will
be completed, and from then on through
trains will be run from Skaguay to White
Horse. The completion of the road will
result in the deserting of Bennett City,
so long the poiat for thousands of Klon
dikers. It will become merely a by-sta
tion on the railroad. Already people are
flocking to the new terminus of the line,
and many of the big warehouses which
were doing a rushing business a short
time ago at Bennett have been torn down
and transferred to White Horse.
SEATTLE, July 30.— Fifty Klondikers
and Dawson advices to July 20 came in on
the City of Topefca, which arrived to-day
from Skaguay and Juneau. The Topeka's
treasure exceeded $300,000. She had a num
ber of rich Klondike operators aboard:
White Pass and Yukon Railroad Is
Now Completed and Through
Trains Will Begin Run
ning 1 To-Day.
Over a Quarter of a Million
Dollars in Eust Reaches
Seattle.
MORE GOLD
FROM ALASKA'S
TREASURE STORE
BLOEMFONTEIN, July 30.— General Hunter, having received a written un
conditional surrender of all the Boers in Calcdon Valley, attended to ac
cept the surrender. General Prinsloo. lately elected to the chief command,
arrived and tried to repudiate the unconditional surrender. General Hunter,
however, refused any concessions.except to allow the Boers to keep one rid
ing horse.
About 11 o'clock the troops were drawn up in two long lines on the hills and
over the valley acd the Boers rode between, throwing down their rifles, to
gether with a "motley collection of clothlnp, blankets and scar, such as was found
In General Qronje'a laager.
The Ficksburg commando was the first to lay down arms, consisting of about
550 men. Then came the Ladybrand commando with about 430. Fifteen horses,
two jyjns and fifty wagons were given up. General Prinsloo and Commandant
Crbwlher were received by General Hunter at his tent, where they were well
treated and accorded every courtesy. <«.
Many of the Doers have gone through Nauuwpoort and will surrender to
General MacDonald. Others are still arriving here. The Harrismith and Vrede
commandoes are yet at large, as well as some Boers who erot out of the valley at
r.fght. but the prisoners say that those outside will • surrender and this will prac
tically end the Free State army.
The Boers say they would not have surrendered had they not been surrounded.
The prisoners have been placed in a laager under guard and will be kept there
until all arrive.
LONDON, July 31.— The Morning Leader asserts that Lord Kitchener has been
dispatched form Pretoria to Krugersdorp to organize a column to relieve General
Baden-PowellJ now besieged by General Delarey at Rustenburg in Western
Transvaal.
Their Surrender to General Hunter
Practically ' Marks the End of
the Free State Army.
MEN UNDER PRINSLOO
LAY DOWN THEIR ARMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JULY 31, 1900.
Battleship Iowa Is Coming South.
SEATTLE. "Wash., July 30.— A special to
the Post-Intelllsencer to-night from Vic
toria states that the United States battle
ship Iowa Is preparing to leave for San
Francisco, and • will-, probably ¦ get away
to-morrow morning.
EAGLE PASS. Texas.. July 3C.—Seven
ty-five Mexicans -who were about to pro
ceed to the Indian Territory a3 coal min
ers and were suspected of having been
hired in violation of the contract labor
law were detained here by the United
States authorities. Fifty of them were
Laborers Detained
5
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Halls l
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clucle B«.
COAL. COKH AMD PI 3 1ROX
¦ m^ir- U'll illV * m 90 ° Battery Street.
J. t- nlLiUil a CU-. Telerhone Main 1SML
CT>PPER>M1TH.
r HT CW1TH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
V- 1T» MIlU. ship Work a specialty. M and
1* Washington «t. Telephone Maia 54U.
ELECT R1CAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Enrlneer. J« East St.
FRF.SH AND SALT HEATS.
UC nnvpc t m Shipping Butcher*. 104
JAj- DUIC5 ft LU- Clay. Tel. Mala 12M.
GALVAMZINT AND METALS.
Vrz. & Dealer In Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FIXT* METAL. WORKS. 315 Howard at.
HARNESS DRESS1NQ.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. Kc. Roblnaon Chem. Co.. USD Howard.
LITHTGRAPH^G.
Union Lithograph Co.. K3 Sansome st.. Aitlstla
Llthographera and Printers. Government Ll-
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Stan--?».
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. 137-9 First «t-. San Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * EL-
LIS. 413 Front »t.. S. F. Phone Main 171?.
~ ~~ PA 'NTS.
C-rHnder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front, 9. 7.
i'wi>r. • •
rt~ KITmCv PRIXTEE.
. PRIMRPS. BOOKtl.NDEK'b.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
7Z Flmt st. San Franei»c<x
anu wii>rK't
T.iwgjphie FARTR1DG2 KS u
ASH STEAil COAL. ffi^JLS
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Jt» QREE.V
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Heat Coal in th»
market. Office and Yards — »C0 Main stre«C
0n=^ A INJ fj^ OPERA
KA Pi y HOUSE
Wa,:ter Morocco tele J>ssee and Maoacer
NEWfiM?2^%y^&*& 2 PANY
THIS EVENjNG!
¦
First Production hi This City of
is THE REDLAI1P. 5 '
Beerbobm Tree's Great London success.
PRICES— 15c. Sc :0c. T.V.
Saturday Matinee— !'c, 15c. i".c. 50c.
Branch Ticket Office. Erarwrium.
I -.u REMEWBEfi THAT THIS IS
¦\' ' The Lart Week but One of
''- ¦- 2US:«E 4 BTLSrfl A T .! -iTA^ CIST,
'. ." rr^ffr.tlr.i
MATHEWS at BC1/SER
In th-^ Funniest Thir.t: This Season.
CNLV Tiii^ \\ CHK. MATINEE SATURDAY.
N"> xt Par.day Nl~ht— Faretrpll
v- k r.is^caran-o pfWALTEH — r — — "¦
3f>XES nnci M!-^ MAUDS .. -V\ :
"« •t-RTNKV. In MATHF-WS 6=. L-h''
nuiXJER'P Lat<v=t Comedy Sue- ;' v V I
'•--. --THF. NIGHT OF THE Ui/ \
FOUnTH."
¦'The I2r. wr.ire" arc Ccrr.inz I'.ack.
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATIN"i;i:> IVEDJfESDAT AKD PATURPAT.
Cl-.a«les Kroisin^n fresents •
HENRY MILLER
ANH A SPECIAL COMPANY *
In the Comedr-Drama Success
"BROTHEil OFFICERS."
By t«eo Trevor.
HENKY MILLEK &p Lieut. JOHN HINDS.
Next Monday.
"HEflRTSEASE."
Th:> Thursday Afternoon ar.1 Sunday Night
BCBTOS HOUIES LECTURES.
Suhject— T.OIXD ABOUT PARIS."
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
Most Complete Triumph Eve.- Known.
TO-NIGHT T '.-NIGHT T- -MGHT
Thurs'Isv, Sun lay nvcnir.jts. Saturday Matinee.
"LUCIA,"
P.er*tto. RuFsn. F"rrad. Nlcclinl. Schuster, ete.
Asa:s en \\><!nesdav. Friday. Saturday Nights.
"AIDA."
Z>icht«T. Graham. Av^lano. .-:.-;.- -a. Nicolinl,
POPULAR PRICKS— JS and M CENTa
Telephone Hush 3.
—
MR- ANT' STRS. jr>HN MA SOX. I UIPU
(Katixrtxui Grey). nlun-
THE FT. O>jGE BROTHERS.
ZEUfA KAVCXSTOX. GRADE
MCHOI.F BIBTERS. | wllnul - |
FVLLIVAN AND WEBHER. \/Mln r
MA7.IE KINO. VAUUL-
jn?«lE PADCHAM. i .. !
UOBD ANI» P.OWL j YlLLt i
THE AMKIUCAN CIOGRAPH.
l'.pf»rvi-.! S.-at«. 2Sc; IUloony. 19c; Op«>ra.
rhsirt ar..1 !!•;»: -^wits. ZOc.
Matin.'-? WedDemAmr, Satur-lay and Sunday.
A'YH EAT R E^Xt
TO-NIGHT £S lns week,
the- „ FLORENCE
ACTBEES. RO3ERTS,
Supported by WHITE ".VHITTLESEr.
F?OM£O WI .v
..AHD . MATINEE
*_;__. _ ___ ___ _ s»ATUItt>AT.
JUL.IET!
Next V.'cck, ?>¦ RfQU«t— 'THE COUNTRY
rTCPLJp-U'C CONCERT HOUSE.
DrETfi ANI> EON: MAK TUNISOX; JEAN-
KTTK LEtt'lf. «-»ni<<ll. nne; AGKE8 FltlKD.
.- ran;: CITTU3 ALMA WUTUOICII.
Si: -f-r ml D4ncer: Re«tij*aran'"c of Mli.
ftD'iVARl) U. ADAMS; and New Movinz IUc
t jrt- . Matir.iv> s^unday. Kc-«.-rve<l £eu.'j>. 2ic.
SlitRO BATHvS
BtrES NIGHTS.
Oiicn dally from 7 a. m.- to ll p. m.
]'..,¦•¦: from T a. m. to 10 p. m.
APMIBSION. K-c. CHILDREN. Jc, - •/
Cathbar. l:.c:u<lir;s sdraif-flon STic. Children. B)O
The Weekly Cal
SI per Year*
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cur« toe
liver ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
Cameras, photographic sifpplles, books
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. Printing and developing
done In the latest styles. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
! HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a. third of a century, ha* >
national reputation, and was on* of the few
cf * commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; ever 17.000 graduatPS succe«<ully apply-
lrp their krmwl^dire: M0 graduates annuallv
placed In po*ltlcr«: 25 teachers: open the entirj
year; ri*w KU-pate catalogue fr^*.
ST.MARY'SeOLLEGE
OAKLAND, CAL.
STUDIES? will be resumed WEDNESDAT.
AurusX 1st, miO.
PRO. KRMIN'OLP. Pi-wl-ifnt.
Hitchcock .School,
SAN FAFAEL: CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms, Gymnasium. Military Drill.
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM UF.GINS AUGUST J4TH
RKV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
Miss Read's School, Berkeley.
Boarfllrp and Pay School for «3!rl«— !53S Chan-
r.lnc way. TWk»l*>y. Cal. PleaFant home life.
"aree rarden. cymr.aslum: accredited to Unlver.
•lty of California, Stanford University. Vaswr
and Smith <"ol!e?e8. Prcypectus F»nt on applica-
tion. Term oi*n» Aurust 6. T50T
SL MATTHEW'S Ml &,
SAN MATEO. CAL,. For catalo&ue and Illus-
trated circular address
REV. W. A. DRFIVKR. A. B.. Rector.
POLYTECHNIC gBSiliS.?
IIa.« the larptJt and r*<=t equipped departments
In tl»e 'West. Regular business and shorthand
cnurS 5 . StuJents "mav enter 3t any time. All
praduate* In rroron^hle posltlcns. Free cata-
lrBur. Oakland. Cal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
G HANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS L»E-
B*m: seminary count accredited to th-
fnlx-«-rsltre«- rare cpoortunltl^s offered In mufclc.
art und -locution, "tt'ritr for ratalosue to MRS.
C T MILLS Fres.. Mill* CoJleee P. O.. Cal.
Thirty fifth year: fall term opens Am. 8. 13».
MISS M G- BARRETT'S
SrORTHAND ACADEMY.
SCI Montcomery st.. fan "ranc'.sco. Cal.
L»»cn> personally and by mall. Acknotrl»^eed
ty ificlal ri«iioi-teri» "b^?t tfnch«*n». best»y*tem. '
ltliKCnN crK°O! ofsiiortuand. typ-
?IL!>3lil 5LU UL INO. nOOKKEEPIXG
AND SPANIPII. T. M. C. A. B'lri.e. Pay an'!
">v<-ninr Ftv!d<=nt!« a'lir.ltf.i any time. I^epsons
by mall. MHS. H. M. CARPENTER, successor
; to M. R. Phillip'.
NEWSPAPER ffi A^7
111-j'trnttrn. I'ARTINGTON'S refumes Auf^is:
I. r>av and n!t:!it c]a5se«. Apply R. L. PART-
IXOTON. 4?4 Pine st.. S. F.
THlf LYCEUM,
An ACcnnniTEn prkparatoht school
for the university, law and"medlc»l col-
leces: rt:erent-»«, Pr»»l(3ent Jordan cr any
ftanfor-i pntetw. I'hWan bu'.ldlnr.
IRVING 1XSTITTJT33.
Hoardirr nr.d day school for youn* ladles, HV
Tal1frrn!a M.. will rer.peti August 6. 15KX>. Ac-
credited to the Universities: primary department
for rrilirtrcn: ran-!«« will call. HEV. Et>-
; WARD R. CHURCH. A. M.. IVtnclpal.
JHAMLiN SCHOOL and
' , rkson ; t V 4^/^? S EM I NARY,
i nay i?<;r:^ol for <5irlR. Accredited to the Unlver'*
1 rity of California, Inland Stanford Jr. Unlver-
tlty, Vas^ar and Smith Colleen.
MRAII n.,HAMLIX. Principal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
rcrtn»rly University Academy, AlameCa. hit
been removed to Irvlntton. . Kite of fifteen
a cr»e: i»m»rkably beautiful: climate unsur-
' ra^F^d. In^p»-ction nf buildings and erounds Itj-
V |.»i1. V\". \V. AXDIcnsrix, Pnnclpal.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
i . f> r\ r* MAltJvKT sT.- Actual business book-
1 IZOU keeping; only expert accountants
and reporters as teachers. Gregg shorthand,
i the f.isle*t. fastest and most readable. Day
and evening.. | ' ' i^.'- :
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
Menlo I'ark. Cal. Superior advantage* for thi.
care and tralnlne of boyn and young men.
Charmln*: »-urn>undln*rs,- perfect climate. Toa-h
year beein!< Aujruet «. S'-n'l for catalogue.
IRA O. UOrTT. Ph. D.. Principal.
x &
j£ The beautiful statue, "Galiforr.sD Venus," 5
5 iiffiv on free exhibition in Attraction Hall — Second Floor. J
*: A Watch Free With Every School Sitit. x
I Y°'S A Y > T^ESDA Y. I
£ Hundreds of money-saving chances at the big department store. J
6 Here are a fezc of them: x
t Genuine Msxicsn Beits 69 o and 89c— \ manufac- x
J turer's samp-e line cf band-carved Mexica* Belt*, beautiful desi^ o( the «J
X mo-t arti3tic workmanship, made to reta ; l from $1 to 53 50 each, both bnck'o \g
X and cin-h be ts in tan o- black <*o or?d 'e3ther. A 1 $1, $1.50 and $1.75 X
£ B^iie, 69 7 ; all $2 2 TA e 3 and $3."iO B? t=< 89c. 'j
% $1.5O and $1,75 Novsiiy Siiks 69c— A»l of them this *
*t f=ea?on*a prodn mons, pr nc pahv in striped edicts, a few Persian patterns \g
j£ amorg then. "f
|." Our $1,25 Kid Gloves 98c — Made from carefuliy selected ;?
X skins by the best g ov>maker in France, all sizes from 5J to TJ in tans. 3
j£ brows, imde. b'ne, green and red.
x Ladies' Shoes at about 65c on the $1— The sale of *
fe Kingman & Fox's Shoes continue-* this week. We have «iz?i in t>>e 11 new
K . sry'es offered' in thi> g-rat sale $2.50 Shr»;. $1.69; $3.5J Saoe3, x
K £2.37; ?3 Shoes. SS.^S; ?5 Shoes^ S3.35. •*
| 50c to $1.50 Stiver Novelties 29c— Button Hook3, x
£ •'. Shoe Her is Nail Fies, Tooth Brushes Nail Brtnh:?. Gu-'in^ Iron'*. Dirners.
¦$ . ; >* Tabe Bella. B otters. Paper Cutter* and pretty Cut Glass VInaig- S
X rcttcSf with sterling s lver tops, all at the uniform ir.ee, each, 2Qc* «J
X 25c Cheviots 8c yard— Closing out several lots of 15c, 20s x
*i and 25c Scotch Cheviots, Scotch G nghann an1 Imported Corde 5 Madras at ••
i fe above n-ire.
I * 12&C Dimifies 6c yard— Pretty blue and white striped 's
X Corded Dimi:i's. st /is j s:ooj-. x
Jt Good Bleached Sheeting 22c ynrd—\ high grado, J
I X strong:, durab e BleachH Sr.ec'injr. 9 • ia?he-5 wi:«-. X
\ % 12~hc Percales 8s Yard—A-\ nnheanl-of low* price for ;*
| V .-tankard Percales, fall 36 inc.ie* wide. i-. <rhoic> den^na irA olorii;s. X
I $1.75 Curtains $1.23 pair— Excellent Nottingham Cur- x
i fe tains oU to £6 inches wide by ?$ yards long, Fi-hnet and Arab >sija» designs,
!2« in ecra and white. " " >|
i| School Book Spe&s&is. |
j *> 5>{b school books sold in wholesale quantities or to dealers. $
|»? R'gtJ- Oa- S
X larly. Prc?. j^S&X SI
Ji FirstRoscfcr 2 c 12c \^^§A - s '
* Second Reader :?">c 23 1 >\?p*^n 5
X Jh rcS Render 50c 37c V&m'&iX X
V Fourth Reader - Cc 45f: vK^^LtW^S 2
J. Primary Number Losson.Tc 16c 1 3 "5
v lessen of Language 30c 2Oc \ vk; x
JC Elementary Gucgraphy.Mc 41c \ \'"J*' j* .J
fe Natural Music Pnimot* 3">c 20o Xiv^^s^ \
X Egglcston first American his- ] \^\ "*
!jt tory 60c V f\ v \\ {r
ife Advanced Arithmetic 50c 35s ( V\^T\A\ %
X State Speller 3Dc 2Do \ MSiX3 J«
fe ErgishGrrmmir 55c 40o / \:£$r «
fe Aavzn cd Gacgraphf $1.2) 89c ( -J^^ x
X Natural Music Reader. 40c 34-X3 V s vX'^L <& "*¦
JI Vertical Writing Elan* 10c 6c U\ j *2
J- t-rsng's Eiementarv Course in Art— \H^^^^^ *5
H 1 to h !<- r 12c , & 'o S for 16c. Vi<^*^ x
IK Webster's 6 chool Dictionary, cicth bound lOc So x
i x . Penc:l Boxes — With lock and key, con jink Tab eta So, lOc, 15c X
* tainipg pen ho der, .late and Je^iBjttle cf Black Iak 4o X
£ pencil, pen and pi?ce of cha'k 1c\ _ C
| Sir.^e S ate<-/,»,-i, measurem nts : > late ? ™* $ > P er 10 ° «>© 5
» f,x7 SlS' 7x11 11c Pen Holders dozen 5o •»
; X 6x9.... Sc 9x13 14O S:ndent's Note B^oki 5c, tOc !t
j y Brownie Lunch R ix*-....3c r 7c, 10c B.oitera, dozen « 5o "5
\K 400-page Pencil Tablets- 3cJ2DO-p3ge Blank Book lOo *
% CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S CRANDEST STORE. «
AMUSEMENTS
lost my hushand about the same time, and
gradually I seemed to los«. health and
spirit. My daughter :s a cfintirmed inva-
lid, and we both felt prc-at need of an in-
viporator.
"One of my neighbors advised me
to try Peruna. A bottle was imms-
diately secured and a great change
took p face in my daughter's, as we//
as in my own health. Our appetites
improvsd viry greatly, the digest on
sjemed much helped, and restful
sleep soon improved us, so ihat wq
seemed /ike new women.
"1 would not be without Peruna for ten
times its cost, and cannot speak in too
hiph terms of its value as a medicine of
wonderful curative properties."
MRS. ANNA P.. FLEHARTY.
Nervous prostration always gives fair
warning of us approach, and can be easily
warded off l>y the proper treatment.
Floating brown specks before the eyes,
mc-ntal confusion, fits of nervous head-
ache, sleeplessness, flashes of heat, chilly
sensations, palpitation, irritability, de-
spondency: any of these symptoms or all
of them" should be promptly met by the
use of Peruna.
Peruna never fails to prevent nervous
prostration if taken in time. Peruna is
the most prompt and permanent cure for
al! cases of nervous prostration known to
the medical profession.
"Summer Catarrh." a bnok written by
Dr. Hartman on the subject of the nerv-
ous disturbances peculiar to summer, sent
free to any address bv The Peruna Medi-
cine Co.. Columbus. Ohio.
Peruna a Prompt and Permanent
Cure for Nervousness.
Mr= Ar.r.a D. Fleharty. recent superin- '
trri.irnt of the W. C. T. V. headquarters
Bt Oalesburp. III., was for ten years one
of the leading women there. For four
j -^ars she was manager of the Hope Cot- '<
Tape Home for children at Harvey. 111.
H^r husbar.il. when livlr.p. was first presi-
dent of the Nebraska Wesleyan I'niver- ;
i-'.ty at Lincoln. Nebr.. and for twenty •
years watr a member of the C»-:itral Iili- :
r.cis Conference and was the- conference i
f-»-'cretary.
In a letter written from 401 Sixty-sev-
enth street W.. «."nicapo. 111., Mrs. Fle-
liarty says the following: In rep.ird to
lVr'ir.a:
"Having lived a very active life as wife
sr.d wr.rk'.rp partner nf a busy minister.
nay health fa-kd n-.o«a few years ago. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE MINISTER'S BUSY WIFE.
TEE EMPORIUM.
the emporium:
Mrs. Ar.r.a B. Reharty. G3!esburg. 111.C ALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. July 30.— J. S. Manley
and" Mr. and Mrs. Featherstone are at the
Arlington;* Walter Dlnkelspiel is at- the
Raleigh; Gerald Lyons is at the National.
All are from San : Francisco.
The predicament of James Taylor Rogers has been
eloquently suggestive of the horns of a dilemma. If
he talked to his inquisitor^it was inevitable that he
would convict himself of either one serious offense
or another.
The daring robberies which are being committed
by the Chinese in .Chinatown are likely to shake that
missionary opinion, so persistently maintained, that
the coolies are the most inoffensive race on earths
ANSWEBS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ZANGWILL— J. S.. City. Israel Zang
will, the novelist, is 37 years of age. :
COPYRIGHT-L.-D. G., City. Write to
the librarian of Congress, Washington,
D. C, and he will forward a pamphlet of
instruction in regard" to copyright law and
cost of securing a copyrisrht.
NO LONGER THE MANAGER— J. E.
S., •Susanville. Cal. Lawrence of Esola
fame is no longer connected with any
newspaper in San Francisco as managing
editor or In any other capacity.
KARAT— L. H.. City. The gold in a
twenty-dollar piece of the United States
Is not recognized by the number of ka
rats. Gold that is brought to the Mint
for coinage is melted down;and purified
until it attains a fineness of .900. . A
twenty-dollar piece contains 464.40 grains
WAR ON THE RANGE.
THE war on the fice range on'the public domain
has opened and is worse than ever. Wyoming
sheep men have been driven out of Colorado by
the cattle men, and many thousands of their sheep
have been slaughtered. The herders were warned not
to cross the line again under penalty of death. In
Wyoming a mining district has been opened where
there was sheep range and a* large camp has sprung
up. This appearance of the miners, and assertion oi
their rights under the mineral laws of the land, did not
suit the herders, and they visited the camp and pro
ceeded to "shoot up the town." No deaths resulted,
but the miners were for the time terrorized. They
are now arming and making ready to assert their
rights, anjJ a battle is expected.
Since April more than a score of unlawful acts of
a serious nature have occurred between parties en
joying common use of the public domain ag a stock
range. The "reason is that as the grass is destroyed
by overstocking, the competition for.it grows keener
and, as the range is free to all. the strongest and best
armed and md?t desperate hold it against the weak or
timid. All join in denying to the miner and locator
their rights under the law.
The remedy for this annual state of warfare on the
ranges, as The has often pointed out, is in* a
properly guarded leasehold law, which will respect
the rights of all and compel each to respect the rights
of others. At the same time such a lawiwill promote
the regrassing-of the ranges and give a desirable per
manence to the grazing business.
The Cured Fruit Producers' Association has warned
the prune-growers to be careful to mix no poor or
damaged fruit with the good under penalty of having
all rated as second class; so now as the prune is to
be a "selected luxury" perhaps it may have a vogue
outside of boarding-houses.
of pure gold and 51.60 of alloy. The actual
value of the coin is $20.
GOLD DUST-P.. Alameda. Cal. There
are any number of brokers in San Fran
cisco who purchase gold dust. If you
take the dust to the Mint it will be con
verted into gold coin and you will get its
full value.
SEEKING A POSITIOX-R. G.. City.
A person seeking a position in either of
the places named In letter of inquirv
should file application with the general
manager, and If possessed of any friend3
ac'iuainted with either manapcr such
mends should be sent to say a word of
commendation.
INTESTATE-T. E. S.. City. If a
widow dies lntfstate. leaving unlncum
berod real estate, money in bank and per
sonal property, the Public Administrator
will make application for the appoint
ment of a special executor. Such appli
cation must be made in the probate de
partment of the Superior Court.
VIA PAN\UIA-A. S.. City. If a small
party contemplates a trip to New York
and desires to see as much country as
possible such party might go by one lina
of railroad and return by another, or
might go by steamer via Panama and
Aspinwall and return by rail. Those who
go by steamer have a chance to see the
coast line and some of the South Ameri
can cities. The trip from Panama to As
pinwall across the Isthmus Is made In
about five hours. . ,- ..
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Max Mlerson, a banker of Placervllle, is
also at the Lick.
E. H. Cox, a wealthy citizen of Madera,
is"« guest of the Palace.
C. K. McClatchy, editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, is at the California.
E. S. Babcock, manager of the Coro
nado Beach Hotel, Is In the city.
H. Rudln, a prominent merchant of
Fresno, is stopping at the Grand.
C. Dallman. a wealthy merchant of Mil
waukee, Wisconsin, Is at the Palace.
L. F. Hatfield, a well-known attorney ol
Sacramento, Is stopping at the Lick.
H. C> 'Wyatt. a. theater manager of Los
Angeles, is registered at the Palace.
Reverend Hugh McNamee of Santa Cruz
is in town. He is stopping at the Lick.
Dr. G. Preston of Globe. Ariz., is in tne
city and making his headquarters at the
Grand.
J. S. Goodman,' an extensive owner of
mines, is.at the Lick, registered from You
Bet.
H. M. La Rue, the well-known politician
and viticulturlst, is stopping at the Occi
dental.
Charles Dowing, an extensive landowner
of Armona, this State, is stopping at the
Palace. - T p-P'i
Lieutenant Thomas Ryan, U. S. A., ac
companied by his -wife, is stopping at the
Palace. *
J. Rudee, one of Ukiah's prominent bus
iness men, is in the city and located at
the Grand.
Elwood Cooper, the famous horticultur
ist of Santa Barbara- County, Is a guest
of the Lick.
F. J. Dewes and family are stopping at
the Palace.' Mr. Dewes is one of Chicago's
leading merchants. -
Dr. W. W. Murphy, a well-known phy
sician of Los Angeles, is in town and
registered at the Lick.
Charles Carpy, a prominent wine man of
St. Helena, accompanied by his wife, is
stopping at the California.
Charles «Marre, one of. the best-known
wine merchants of the northern part of
the State, Is registered at the Lick from
Jackson.
C. "\V. ' McCune, president of the Salt
Lake City railway system and; who ;is
largely interested in mines, is registered
at the Palace."
Frank Cummijigs, the popular clerk of
the Palace, returned yesterday from a two
weeks' trip in the southern part of the
State. He was accompanied by hlsrfam
ily and had a thoroughly enjoyable outing.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The people of the interior must be on guard as
vigilantly as are the loyal Republicans of this city,
or they will find that the legislators who stood firmly
for the interests of the people and for honest politics
in the Legislature will be sacrificed at the command of
the corporation whose corrupt schemes they defeated.
One good turn deserves another. The men who i.i
ofiice supported the people should now be supported
by the people in the campaign.
The schemes of the corporation and the Mint
saloon bosses are very well understood in this city,
and the better elem-nts of the Republican party are
on guard against th«m. It is well known here that if
the combine can have its way loyal Republicans will
be set aside in every Assembly and Senatorial district
and such men as Wolfe and Dibble be nominated.
A similar game is to be played elsewhere. The defeat
of Robinson. Belshaw and Lardner would mean the
nomination of men of the Dibble and Wolfe type. It
is true the corporation coulfl hardly dig up in the
Third, Fifth and Eleventh Senatorial districts candi
dates quite a match for the two pliant tools that
serve its purposes here, but it will at least get men
who will obey the railroad, no matter what it may
command them to do.
WHEN* the political managers of the Southern
Pacific Comply found they could not force
the election of Dan Burns to the United States
Senate they retired from the contest admitting defeat
but vowing vengeance on those who defeated them.
That vow they are now trying to keep. They have
nursed it carefully and kept it warm. It is active to
day in animating the sailroad bosses in the work they
are doing in the campaign. Xot only in this city but,
throughout the State they are laying plans and form
ing combinations with local bosses for the purpose of
controlling the nomination of legislative candidates.
They have two objects in view. One is that of de
feating now .the men who defeated Burns for the
Senate, and the other that of fixing the electoral dis
tricts of the State for the next ten ye^rs. The per
sonal spite of the managers and the political interests
c! the corporation ar; thus to be served by the one
act of driving honest Republicans from office, and. ac
cordingly, the plan U being pushed forward with ail
the force and with j-11 the cunning the railroad
schemers possess. •
Among the men agcinst whom the combination of
corporation and local bosses is fighting with special
\indictiveness are three who were distinguished by
their zeal in defending the interests of the people and
the honor of Republicanism in the fight against
Burns. These are the Hon. W. S. Robinson, an as
pirant for the Senate in the Third Senatorial Dis
trict: Hon. C. M. Belshaw, in the Eleventh Senatorial
District, and Hon. W. B. Lardner, in the Fifth Sena
torial District. If the corporation managers can de
feat these men and elect in place of them three pliant
tools of the railroad they will have a big victory to
brag about in their reports to Huntington. They
will have kept out of office three men who are known
to be faithful guardians of .the public interests, and in
place of them will have men who will not only vots
with the corporation in establishing the Assembly,
Senatorial and Congressional districts this winter, but
will hold over and have a vote in the election of a
United States Senator to succeed Perkins. Such a
triumph would be a big one lor the gang, and accord
ingly their political Boxers are out in force under
orders to spare no one who stands up for genuine
Republicanism and honest politics.
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC AT WORK.
In the meantime the discussion over what is to be
done in South Africa goes briskly forward. The Min
istry has as yet given no statement of what it purposes
to do, but many Liberals are demanding that as soon
as possible South Africa be treated like Australia,
formed into a federation, the Transvaal be given
self-government as an integral part of it. Speaking
for the Liberals, the Westminster Gazette recently
said: "We want an Africa which, like Australia, shall
manage its own internal affairs by statesmanship and
not by .bloodshed, which shall be responsible for
keeping order within its own boundaries, which shall
make no difference between men of different blood,
and which, if it eliminates thelimperial factor, shall
at the same time strengthen the, imperial tie. The
Downing-streetism which lies immediately ahead of
The opponents of dissolution object on the ground
that it would be taking snap judgment. In their esti
mation the country is not at this time prepared to
vote upon either the Chinese or the Transvaal
problem. They argue that a Parliament elected this
year would be made up of all kinds of enthusiasts car
ried away by the war feeling, and that it could not be
relied upon to furnish a Ministry with a reliable
majority for any great length of time. In fact, some
Conservatives declare that if a dissolution take place
this summer the public will regard it as a political
trick designed by the Ministry to get a new lease of
power by means of the war spirit, and therefore that
it will hurt the party rather than help.
The argument for dissolution is further strength
ened by the outbreak of the disturbance in China. A
British Ministry, as all the world knows, depends for
place and power upon Parliament, and when a Min
istry has behind it only a dying Parliament, one with
but a short time to Jive, it is clear it cannot act with
much force. The Chinese troubles are going to last
a long time, and accordingly it is urged that there
should be called the election of, a new Parliament,
which would have before it the long term of life re
quired to sustain a Ministry through the whole course
of the Chinese controversy.
The sentiment favorable ¦ to dissolution is 'not
wholly of a partisan nature, though of course it is
stronger in certain Tory circles than among the Lib
erals. The days of the present Parliament are rap
idly running out, and if there be no general election
this year one will have to take place next year. At
the present time the Conservatives are in a good posi
tion. They have carried on a war which has roused
the patriotism of the people, and the Ministry natur
ally gets the benefit of it. On the other hand, the
Liberals are divided on the South African question.
Some of them are as ardent imperialists as Chamber
lain himself, while others are so much opposed to the
whole business they would withdraw the British
troops from the Transvaal and give the Boers, if not
complete independence, at least a large degree of self
government.
Wf HILE we are going along with offr Presiden
tial campaign the British are speculating upon
the expediency of having a general election of
their own this year. There is a strong sentiment in
favor of an immediate dissolution of Parliament in
order that an appeal may be taken to the cquntry on
the issues arising out of the war in South Africa, and
a Government put into power with sufficient length ol
office before it to be able to carry out whatever policy
the country supports.
A DISSOLUTION OF PARLIAMENT.
British Liberals have at last attacked Colonial Sec
retary Joseph Chamberlain in what appears to be his
only vital spot. A determined effort is being made
tto reduce his salary.
Marin County has a citizen who has been in jail
sixty times for stealing chickens, and since each im
prisonment costs something, it would have been
cheaper for the taxpayers to have supplied him with a
chicken ranch at the start.
Xot content with their mines of coal and iron, the
people of Tennessee claim to have found in their State
a gold mine with ore assaying $400 to the ton; but as
yet they do not claim thar it can be scooped up with
a shovel, so Cape Xcme will continue to hold the
crowd.
Kaiser William's ordtr to his troops to take no pris
oners when fighting in Chin^ will doubtless have the
effect of preventing other nations from consenting to
let a German have supreme command in the cam
paign. The Russian and the Jap pretensions in that
direction have been already vetoed. It may come our
way yet.
THE ASSASSINATION OF HUMBERT.
BY the assassination [of King Humbert of Italy the
anarchists have added another to that fearful list
of murders with which in the last decade they
have staggered humanity. Their deeds are the more
appalling because there appears no sure way to guard
against them. The fanatic devotee who is not only
willing to perish in an effort to kill a selected victim,
but actually courts such death as a sort of martyrdom,
is a foe to be dreaded by the whole civilized world.
That fear of detection and sure punishment that re
strains the impulses of ordinary criminals is utterly
unknown to the thugs of anarchy. The only way to
prevent their blow is to keep 'far beyond their reach.
Nothing else will avail. King Humbert was at a fes
tival surrounded by thousands of loyal and loving
people, a" small retinue of royal guards was about
him, but in that publicity, with a full certainty that ar
rest and death to himself would follow at once, the
wretched scoundrel struck him and the King fell.
Such an assassination is not to be confounded with
tyrannicide, for Humbert was a constitutional King
and was in no sense tyrannical or harsh. On the con
trary, he was one of the best loved rulers in the world
and fully merited the esteem of all men. His per
sonal courage was not only equal to the duties of his
station, but was of that high and shining quality that
makes a hero and compels the admiration of all men.
It was^shown in a noble way when the King, leaving
his summer palace in the mountains, went down to
the plague-stricken city of Naples and by his personal
presence in the hospitals a*nd in the most pestilential
quarters of the city calmed the panic-stricken people
and restored to them the serene courage and confi
dence needed to fight the plague and conquer it. It
has long been the proud motto of his house, "Savoy
and fear have never met," but not in all the illustrious
line of bis ancestry was there ever given a sublimcr
proof of it than by Humbert during the dread days of
the Naples pestilence.
In addition to the quality of a truly heroic courage,
Humbert had many of the traits that make men lov
able to their fellow-men. He was honest, generous
and good-natured. He liked his people and delighted
to share in all their aspirations and even in their
sports. It was after a visit to a grand gymnasium
where he had distributed prizes to the winners in the
athletic games that he was killed. Thus there was
nothing in his public or his private life that could
have aroused against him the rage of a right-thinking
man. His death was murder in its most hideous form,
the wanton, cruel, causeless, mad act of a man out of
whose heart and brain all humanity had gone, leaving"
nothing but a brute^animated by a hell-born hate.
Out of the terrible act the civilized world will draw
one more portentous lesson of the menace which our
civilization has bred in its own womb and in some
inscrutable way is nursing into vigor. Anarchy is the
outcome of civilized society of our time. It is not
a barbarian, nor a savage product. China breeds the
Boxer, a creature full of barbaric rage and brutal lust
of blood, but at the same time one who has some
method in his madness. Asia has no anarchists.
Europe alone is the breeding-ground of that terror,
and her statesmen know not how to deal with. him.
He know? how to make use of all weapons, from the
dynamite bomb to the crude dagger formed of a
sharpened file with which the Empress of Austria was
stabbed; he knows how to strike and he is not afraid
to die. At present he strikes only at kings or states
men. Later on he may strike at others, and then the
struggle between society and anarchy will be on in
earnest.
.
TUESDAY 4... JULY 31, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
I'L'WLICATIU* OKFICE.. Market ««* Tfclr*. ¦• W.
Telephone Pre«« »ui»
CDITORIAL SOOMS 217 <© OT !««mi« St.
Telephone P(-e«s 202.
OelfTered toy Carrier*. 15 Centm Per Weefc.
Pintle Cople». 5 Ce»li.
Term, by M*»l. I»cl«di»c Po-tacei
DAILY CALL (lncludlnr Sunday), on* rear SJ.CTJ
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday). « months I.W
DAILT CALL (iocludinr Sunday). * moatM — 1-Wj
PAILT CALL— By £ini1» Month »">
6UNDAT CALL One Tear *•£
WEEKLY CALL One Tew ~-«- •;•• *•*"
All poitBMten are aiitborlaed to rec«rr«
¦nbscripttona.
Stapl* ecplea will be fcrw-arded when reQuefted.
jun nlMeribera In ordertoc change of address shoald b«
particular to gl*t> Jxrth NEW. AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to la»ur» * prompt and correct compliance with their r«<pae«t.
OAKJLAAD OFriCE ............. X11S Br«a4waj
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Adverting:. MarquoUa Building, Chicago.
(Lear XMsUosa Teltphca* "Ccatrtl ana.")
KTTW YORK CORRESPONDENTS
C C. CARLTON : ..Herald Square
KEW YOKE REPRE8ENTATTVK:
STEPHEN B. SMITH .......30 Tribune Building
CEZCAOO NEWS 8TAXDB:
Eb«a»aa Spca*; P. O. tfewa Co,; dreat Northern Hotel;
rramonx Hc&m; Auditorium Hotel.
Krw roar news btjlntjs:
Waldorf-Artorte fi»ul; A. Bn&Uaa, U Ualoa Square;
Uarrmr *ua BsttL '
WASHINGTON (0. C) OFRCE.,.^. Wellington Hot*
MORTON E, CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICE* — C17 Mectroaery. corner of Clay, or**
eeUl 1:13 o'clock. S00 Bay?*, cpea cntll t:SO o'clock. C31
WcAJ'.l.trr. op«B nut II %M o'clock. CIS L«rkln. opes until
• :K o'clock. 1M1 Mlrelcn. opes until U o'clock. Z2CT Market,
corser Elite* nth, cpea until » o'clock. 10M Valencia, open
catU S o'clock. 1M Elerenth, open until I o'clock. NW cor
ner Tweuty-aecoDd and Kentucky, open until • o'clock.
As the latest report from Lord -Roberts was to the
effect that he has the Boers surrounded, we may ex
pect the next one to begin: "I regret to announce/'
and close with a statement that he hopes to surround
them again later on and have better luck.
BROTHER OFFICERS," presented
at the Columbia Theater last night,
is a loosely constructed three-act
tragri-comedy with one good scene
In the flrst act for Mr. Miller and
another in the last act for Mr. Steven".
The rest of the play is what mighi be
called "lilling-in" of the most ordinary
description, wherein the filling consists of.
society chatter, proofs of tailoring, an
overheard conversation and a love scene
drawn out exceedingly thin.
John Hinds has risen from the ranks in
the British army and has become an offi
cer in a fashionable regiment, the First
Lancers. The placing of this son of the
people in an environment that does not
harmonize with his birth and breeding
gives Mr. Miiler the scene to which i
have referred. He excellently Improves
his opportunity; the bashfulness and mod
esty of a man truly courageous the tim
idity which changes into sudden and un
fortunate social overconfldence, the gen
iality which leads to an almost tatal
gaucnerle— all these were given to the
life in Mr. Miller's very best vein.
Edwin Stevens as -Robert Hutton, the
Australian swindler, showed a capacity
for character acting which should forever
make it impossible for him to return to
the common paths of Tivoli burlesque. It
was not due to his fault, but to the.
author's poverty of imagination that he 1
was foiled by the mechanical device of a
tattoo mark on his breast. His cleverness
and self-possession really entitled him to
the victory. He was, as Mr. Shakespeare
says, a most eomparativest, rascaliest,
sweetest imp, and when he left the stage
the light and glory of the scene departed
with him.
Mr. Morgan played an uninteresting
part in a manner both indistinct and
stagy, throwing many of his speeches
into the wings and confiding others to
the privileged few who sat within twenty
feet of the stage. Mansfield, in his most
supercilious mood, was' never worse than
this.
Miss Dale and Mr. Courtenay played the.
peeond lovers with charming ease and
gayety. while Miss Anglin, in the serious
part of the heroine, showed a charm of
manner which is as satisfying as it is
rare.
To sum up: A crude little play, re
deemed by two or three excellent scenes
and by same delightfully delicate acting.
L. DU PONT SYLE.
Tivoli.
Last nlpht saw the opening of the grand
opera season at the Tivoli Opera-house
with Verdi's "Aida." and a rarely en
thusiastic audience It was that greeted
the initial appearance of the favorites of
last year. Salassa and Avedano. and Anna
Lichter, Frances Graham and William
Schuster, more familiarly dear to the
musical clientele of the Tivoli.
There was a good-natured' attempt to
dress the occasion with occasional dia
monds, swallow-tails and a gorgcou"
gown or two, but the Tivoli atmosphere
is too pleasantly Bohemian to require
such sacrifice from its devotees — thougn
we certainly did look gayer than usual.
And so many of us, too, there were.
Crowds were turned away and the whole
house was sold out the flrst day. Ameri
can, German. Hebrew. Italian. French
all musical San Francisco was there and
chattering its various remembrances a;ul
appreciations and prophecies in liquids
gutturals and dainty Gallic until the late
Such a welcome as was accorded Ave
dano at the curtain's rise! in which Signor
Alessandro Nicollni, the new basso, as che
High Priest, shared. Salassa's turn at
greeting did not come until the third ac».
but gathered volume with the wait. Ai.d
Anna LIchtor and Frances Graham— all
the artists of the evening were welcomed
with a warmth only possible to the Latm
among audiences.
The temper of the audience was well
Fhown In the ouality of attention accord
ed to the introduction, which from the
first note was' listened to in absolute si
lence. No wonder was it that each and
every artist sang at his best to such a
hearing. Avodar.o's Radames was excel
lent from every standpoint. His acting
It Is Redeemed by Two
* Excellent Scenes and
Some Delightfully Deli
cate Acting.
• —^
First Night of Grand
Opera at ¦ the Tivoli
Draws a Big Crowd
and Is a Great Success.
Is betterfthan iast year— less stilted— his
makeup good, and his fine tenor, strong
and fresh after a midsummer rest, In best
Fhape. Amonraso, with Salaasa as ex
ponent^ is an* absolutely great perform
ance, ills rare barytone, round, full, dra
matic to the last tone of it. his extraor
dinary actor's art. his makeup, all bring
the shock of reality to the scene, from the
moment of his entrance. Bravai bravissU
m?. ! Salassa!
The new basso. Xicolini. was fully satis
factory as the High Priest. His voice is
of smooth, rich quality, but he is rather
the "basso cantante" than "basso pro
fundo," as programmed. Frances Graham
was a surprise as Amneris. She devel
oped unexpected dramatic qualities, and
her voice, especially 'in'/the lower tones,
lent Itself admirably to- the spirit of her
part. She is t uneven yet in her acting,
being evidently conscious of modern
America behind the footlights oftener
than is permissible in an ancient Egyp
tian, but it will come.
The Aida of the evening, Anna Lichter,
performed well her 'liifloult part. Her
voice is in very good trim, pure, sweet
and fresh, and though she has no great
temperament «hr is a conscientious anu
clever actress. Her makeup is amusing
white arms, brown feet and browner torso
— a piebald effect in integuments. There is
ro good reason for this William Schus
ter was a good King, and the chorus and
augmented orchestra did excellent we rk.
To-morrow evening "Lucia" will be
given with an entirely new cast, including
Slgr.orina Repetto, Kuphemia McNeil,
Signor Russo, Signer Giuseppe Ferrari,
Arthur Boyee, Signor Nlcolinl, William
Schuster and Signor Xapoleoni.
Grand Opera-house.
"The Great Ruby"',was presented for
the last time at the Grand Opera-house
last night. The auditorium was filled with
members of the Woodmen of the'World
and their ladies, who seemed to thorough
ly enjoy the stirring scenes of the melo
drama. Between the acts little Hazel
Sexton introduced her specialty, "The
Drummer Boy," ami Golden Gate Camp
Degree team gave exhibitions of its skill
In drilling. To-night "The Red Lamp"
will be presented. ;
Orpheum.
The Orpheum management presents a
splendid entertainment this week. From
the rising of the curtain until the last
picture of the biograph the interest of
the audience is intently held. Lord and
Rowe, k*iock-about comedians, present a
novel act with the aid of a barrel; Jessie
Padgham. the California songstress, has a
number of new melodies, to which she
does full justice! Mazie King pirouettes
around the stage on her toes. "Katherine
Grey," who is Mrs. John Mason in
life, assisted by her husband, present a
laughable comediette, entitled "A Loving
Legacy." Miss Grey is a charming and
"BROTHER OFFICERS" IS
A CRUDE LITTLE PLAY
clever actress. Zelina Rawlston Is a
clever little woman, who dons male attire
and teaches men how they should dress to
win favor In the eyes of the fair ones.
Joseph J. Sullivan and Carrie Webber pre
sented a skit entitled "The Coal Man."
which is irresistibly laughable. The
Nichols sisters, black-face character im
personators, are awarded their meed of
applause. The work.done by the St. Onga
brothers, the comedy cyclists. Is not only
difficult, but extremely funny. The pic
tures shown on the American biograph,
are nearly all new and interesting.
California.
Dunne & Ryley, presenting Matthews
and Bulger In the comic operetta, "By
the Sad Sea Waves," furnished much ma
terial for laughter at the California last
evening, as they will do the remainder of
the week. Mary Marble, as Sis Hopkins,
won the audience with her fetching: little
sketch, "The Hoo-do-doo-do Man," and
her song, "Yankee Reuben Glue." was re
ceived not less popularly. Norma Whal
ley, as usual, with her stunning gowns, oc
cupied a conspicuous place during tha
performance. Her style and voice show
renewed study, her rendition of "Tha
Japanese Baby" occasioning much favor
able commefit. Though she undertakes
trie interpretation of simple roles. Mlsa
Ethel Kirwan, "she of the wedding break
fast eye." threatens to take an enviable
place among the beauties of thqr stage.
Miss Kirwan has as yet made no pretensa
to or demand for homage to her beauty.
Matthews and Bulger, well seconded by
Tony Hart, furnished much of the even
ing's apusement and at the fall of the
curtain their last sally made plain the fact
that stored away they have material to
round out the week's fun.
Alcazar.
- One of Shakespeare's strongest stories
of ,love and death. "Romeo and Juliet."
was presented at the Alcazar Theater last
evening by the regular company, with
Misa Florence Roberts impersonating the
heroine and White Whlttlesey as Rom«-o.
This is not the first time the popular little
actress has appeared as Juliet, and her
conception of the part is manifest by her
splendid acting. She showed to the best
advantage in the deep, emotional scenes
which conclude the tragedy.
The audience, which was large, appre
ciated her work, and Mr. Whlttlesey also
received several recalls. Miss Marie
Howe as the nurse is also deserving of
praise for some very clever acting. Edwin
T. Emery as Mercutio. Carlisle Moore as
Paris. C. F. Montaine as Capulet. Ernest
Howell as Benvolio, George P. Webster as
Tybalt and Howard Scott as the apoth
ecary were liberally applauded. In fact,
the whole company waa well received. The
stage sevinga and electric lig-ht effects are
appropriate and pretty.
On account of a demand for a continu
ance ftf "The Country Oirl" that piece
will be placed on the hoards next week,
beginning August 6. "The Country Oirl"
is to t»e foHowed by "Frou Frou," and "A
Suit of Sable" is in preparation.
Fischer's Concert House.
At Fischer* s> Concert House Agnes FrieS.
a lyric soprano, made a great hit last
night, as did also little Alma Wuthrich. a
child singrer and dancer, and Jeanetf*
Lewis, comedienne, banjol^t and Tyrolean
?ingrer. Mae Tunison sans a number nf
new songs and Deets and Don presented i
new act. The moving pictures were ap
plauded by the large audience. To-nisrht
«.7 r £ rd ?j Adams., the singing comedian,
will be added to the bill.
Olympia.
Conradl's living statuary at the Olym
pia is proving the Kg attraction of a good
bill. Basco and Rice were well received
last night and the rest of the programme
Is up to the standard.
us reverses all these conditions, and, to that extent,
puts back the clock in our colonial- system."
Whatever be the weight of the arguments on ths
one side or the other, it' is evident a strong body of
the British people are very eager to have a vote on
the South African question. They are not willing to
leave it wholly in the hands of the presrnt Parliament.
They may not be sufficiently strong to force a disso
lution at once, but they are strong enough to make
a good fight for it and they are doing it. Thus the
Edinburgh Scotsman says: "Let the business of Par
liament, already in a forward state, be promptly
wound up, and let thefdissolution come at latest by
the end of the present month. That is the sensible
course. It is also the most prudent course, not, as
Lord Crewe insinuates, in the interests of the Gov
ernment, but in the interests of the empire."
BREAKING FROM BRYAN.
S~* OLONEL BRYAN'S second campaign is still
I in its honeymoon and seems to be lagging.
So far not a Democratic paper in the United
States has defended those features of the platform
which project the issues of 1896. The St. Paul Globe,
Boston v Herald, Baltimore Sun and Baltimore News
all bolt and bolt hard. The Atlanta . Constitution,
which was one of the Southern papers most respon
sible for the Chicago platform heresies, is more than
lukewarm, it is wavering.
The Observer of Charlotte) N. C, bolts Bryan
squarely and will have none of him or his ways. It
says: "The reaffirmation of the Chicago platform in
general terms would have been bad enough, but its
two most obnoxious features were singled out and
emphasized by indorsing free silver and denouncing
injunctions and the courts."
The Times, Richmond, Va., says: "This'substitu
tion of Bryan's personal views for the principles. of
the Democratic party dissolves the bonds of the
Democratic party in a way they have never been dis
solved before."
In the South the Galveston News, Chattanooga
Times and Knoxville Banner are all talking the same
way, and in the North the Hartford Times, New
Haven Register,. Manchester Union, Providence
Journal, Utica- Obseiver, Albany Argus, Brooklyn
Eagle and Philadelphia Record follow suit. In effect
they join in the declaration that the silver plank "still
makes it impossible to elect the Democratic candi
date."
The Baltimore Sun, long the leading -paper of its
section and one of the ablest in the country, says:
'"Eighty per cent of the delegates to the Kansas City
convention were willing to drop the silver issue, but
Mr. Bryan insisted upon a specific declaration, played
into the hands of his political enemies, impaired his
chances and gave the Republicans the opportunity
they desired by his dictatorial and blundering insist
ence."
Speaking as an atyi-expansionist, Hon. J. Sterling
Morton, in his Conservative, after reviewing Bryan's
inconsistent record on expansion, says: "Why, then,
should those who oppose militarism and imperialism
prefer the election of Bryan over McKinley? As the
record of neither can be indorsed from the standpoint
of the anti-imperialist, would it not be better to aid
in electing the one whose position on the currency
question is sound, and whose election Would not en
danger the business stability of the country?"
That seems to be about the conclusion reached by
a majority of the Gold Democrats. It was expected
that Colonel Bryan would receive large accessions
from their ranks. But instead he suffers a bolt from
the silver side, which is so general North and South,
it the papers mean a.nything. as to indicate a more
general defection than that of four years ago.
We believe that this collapse of Bryan's campaign
and party is full of peril for the Republican party if
that party permit itself to fall under the truncheons
of bosses and blackguards. The spirit of consecration
should be upon every Republican in the presence of
that awful responsibility which is implied in the con
fidence of a free people. It is not only to win this
year, but to win worthily, and by wise use of the
power that comes with victory to establish the foun
dations of public liberty and general prosperity where
they will be safe from assault
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 31, 1900.
6
MARGARET DALE.
MARGARET ANGLIN.
CASHMERE CLOTH DRESS.
. The "Princesse" dr«ss represented is of
soft, light butter-colored cloth and ecru
guipure, with a muslin flounce to match
on the bolero. At the height of the knees
on the skirt is an incrustation of guipure,
beneath which is a frilled muslin flounce,
finished off at the bottom with a border
of broad guipure insertion.
Alcazar — "Romeo and Juliet."
Columbia— "Brother Officer!."
Orrhrum — Vaudeville.
Grand O;>era-house — '•The Red Lamp."
California— "By tbe Sad Sea Wares."
Tivoli— "Lucia-"
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' *—Vau<3evlIl<».
Burro Bathe — Open clthts.
AXUSEMENTS.
Pr. Siegert's Angostura Bitter* possesses an
exquisite flavor and Is a sure prev«ntiv« for all
diseases of the digestive organs.
Do You Enjoy Cofafort
When you travel? If you do. buy you* ticket
via the Northern Pacific R'y and ride on tha
"North Coast Limited. " tha most perfectly ap-
pointed train in America. Solid vestlbuled and
lUrbted with incandescent electric lights, ob-
servation car with a large parlor for ladle».
tourist aleeplns car flnlshed In mahogany and
upholstered in olive rreen leather. The only
line selling tickets direct into Yellowstone Park.
Tickets to all points north and east at the low.
cst rates. T. K. STATELER. Gen. Aet.. «3S
Market St.. S. F.
A bright looking boy applied to the man-
ager of one of the bis department stores
the other day for a place, and was asked
what particular thine- he felt competent
to do. "Well." he said. "I mi<ht start In
as a cash boy." "Very welL What Is
your name?" "Willie Steele." Tho man-
ager looked at him doubtfully for a mo-
ment and then staid: "No. "Willie I'm
sorry, but we can't have that name con-
nected with our cash department. Go
down *.n the basement, where they handle
Iron eroods. and see If they can't uif von
there."-Chicago Times-Herald. J
"Marshall" Fountain pens for $1. "Wa-
terman" Ideal Fountain pens from $2 3)
to J7 each. Largest assortment in the city.
Commercial stationery and office supplies
at reasonable prices. Printing and en-
graving done at Sanborn, Vali & Co.'s.
741 Market street. ,- •
Special Information supplied daily to
busine& houses and public men by the
Press Cllppine Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. .-•
.Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend'*.*Edward J. Powers, a railroad switch
man, residing in Sacramento, filed a peti
tion in insolvency yesterday In the United
States DIstrlcOCourt. His liabilities are
$607 20. and he has no^issets.
Insurance Agent Landis Arrested.
Edward C. Landls, Insurance agent, was
arrested yesterday afternoon on a war
rant charging him with refusing to allow
an Inspection of his books. The complain
ant was Frank Du Bois. ..Mr. Landls was
taken to the California-street police sta
tion arid was released on depositing $la0
boil. 4
Mrs. Gladstone's Answer.
Mrs. Elizabeth, Gladstone, who recently
recovered judgment for $25,000 damage
for breach oi promise against Joseph
Boardman. the aged Oakland capitalist,
has filed answer to Boardman's suit to
quiet title to the property now occupied
by Mrs. Gladstone, Francisco and Dupont
streets. In her answer Mrs. Gladstone de
nies that Boardman has any Interest In
the property and claims the same as her
own.
Realty Transfers.
David Bush & Son report this week ad
ditional sales In the San Martin rancho
in Santa Clara County for Phillips & Va
chell. These are ten acres to C. Mangels
of San Francisco for $1250: 147 acres 'to
J. A. Flickinger of San Jose for $14,700.
and of twenty-one acres to William Lin
den £pr $2100. California Safe Deposit and
Trust Company to L. R. Poundstone, 720
acres In Colusa County, with improve
ments, $20,000; Ralph Brown to F. Pfelffer,
lot 105x100, with Improvements, corner
Shattuck and Emerson streets, Berkeley,
consideration J240O. ' -
started home again. He never knew that
at the same time Champlain from th©
north had been seeking the same goal
through Lake Champlain. and was once
within twenty leagues of htm.
Stopping In England on his way to Hol
land. Hudson forwarded hi» report to
Amsterdam, and then, before he could fol
low it. was unceremoniously haled again
into the service of the Muscovy company
by the Kings express command. It was
In Its service that he made his last voy
age—to fall, as he had failed before, to
fyid the northwest passage. For six
months his ship was locked in the ice at
the southern .extremity of Hudson Bay,
which, larger 'than the Black and Caspian
together, might well be called a sea. A
viper Hudson had nourished in his bosom
proved the death of him. He deserved
better of Henry Green, who led the ma
tiny, for. wretch as Green was. he found
in the good-hearted captain a firm friend.
One midsummer day in 1S11 Green and his
mutinous companions set adrift In an
open boat upon the waste of Arctic
waters Henry Hudson, his son John and
seven sick men. who were never heard of
more. No one had striven so earnestly aa
Henry Hudson to find the northerly route
to India. Four ways he tried— the way
across the pole, the Nova Zembla route,
the imaginary sea of Verrazano and tho
veritable sea of Hudson, Inadequately
called a bay. By none of them_dld he find
the route to India or to success. But ho
did the best h? could, ¦which chanced to
be the best that any one could do
One thing he did of which historians
have never taken note, and yet It was
perhaps the most important of the imme
diate results that Rowed from his four
heroic essays toward the Indies. Ha stim
ulated the Interest of Europeans In tho
New World. There was something" large
about the man; something large about the
plans he made. He filled up to the full
the thought suggested by the line:
By til? scale of a hemlEpbera shape your de
signs.
lie set the pace for smaller men. In
the years that followed his return from
the lonely "River of the Mountains" th<»
little round-pfowed vessels of the Dutch
in considerable numbers made their way
up the river to which he left his name.
Trade with the Indians began and flour
ished. Even the bays of the present New
Jersey and the coast as far south as ths
Delaware were visited by the Dutch fur
traders. Tho energetic fellows pushed out
right and left, and added fresh discov
eries to the scanty information of tha
time.
A typical and foremost spirit In this
work was Adrian Block. As early as 1511
he visited Manhattan and carried back
two sons cf an Indian chief. His boat.
! the Tiger, was burned a little later, and
j he spent the winter of 1613-14 on Manhat
j tan Island In building a yacht of sixteen
tons, the Onrust (Restless), to take the
Tiger's place. In the spring he sailed
eastward, passing through the East
River, which he called Hellegat (Hell
Gate), and explored Long Island Sound
from end to end. He saw the Housatonlc
Ri'/er and ascended the Connecticut as
far as the site of Hartford. He explored
Narragansett Bay and looked upon that
"roode" or "red" Island from which tho
modern State of Rhode Island derives It3
name. Rounding Cape Cod. he went as
far as what he called Pye Bay. now Na
hant which seemed to him "the limit of
New Netherlana." Like Hudson, he had
his fame perpetuated by leaving to Amer
ica for some of its physical features hla
name. The island known to earlier navi
gators as Louise and as Claudia has since
been called Block^land. p
Philadelphia^
Supreme Court Decisions.
The Supreme Court has handed doirn
decisions in the following cases: Califor
nia Pastorlal and Agricultural Company
vs. J. E. Wbitson, Treasurer of Fresno
County, judgment affirmed: county of
Kern vs. Charles A. Lee et al.. judgment
affnned; estate of Amelia Marie Kennedy,
deceased, judgment affirmed: L. E. Rlch
ter vs. Union Land and Stock Company,
judgment and order affirmed: Henry T.
Mallory et al. v~ Rachel J. See et al..
order modified and cause remanded for
further proceedings; J. C. McCann et aL
vs. J. C. McMillan et al.. Judgment af
firmed; Warren & Malley vs. Jay E. Rus
sell et al.. Judgment affirmed; People vs.
Len Garnett. judgment reversed and
cause remanded for. a new trial.
discoverer of the Hudson Rlyer. Nor f or r
that matter was he the first to find the
strait, the bay or the vast tract of land ,
in the far north that bear his name As :
X>r. Asher proves, the strait and ba>. as I
well as river, were marked on maps be
t fore the time of Hudson. Probably the j
memorv of the man would Ion? since have ¦
perished but for the linking of his name |
with very Important physiographical fea- ,
tures Of our Western Hemisphere. His |
special service to the exploration of the ,
Western World was to push a little far- (
ther up and inland, to leave a somewhat
more distinct though still Imperfect rec- j
ord of the region visited than any pre- j
vious voyagers and to bring the Dutch to ;
Manhattan Island. He corrected in some
measure the popular belief as to the lead- ,
rng geographical concern of the age. He
showed that the passage to the Indies j
was not the simple thing men had thought j
If that there was no strait through j
the continent of North America In a low
latitude, and that if there was one In a |
high latitude it could have but little prac
tical significance. Aside from their In
trinsic interest In the history of naviga
tion Hudson's voyages are memorable tor
two other things. Firstly, they revealed j
the existence of whales In vast numbers j
about Spltzbergen and stimulated Holland ,
to take the lead, which she held until a
century ago, in the revival and extension
of whale fishery. Secondly, while doub
ling the North Cape on his return to the
Atlantic waters Hudson May 21, 1W9.
made the first recorded observation of a
sun spot, anticipating Harlot and Galileo
by a year or two.
The personality of the man is* shadowy.
We know him to have been bold, energet
ic, able, consumed with zeal to serve the
cause he represented. We know, too that
fortune, with refined cruelty, retired him
early to the list of those whom she would
cheat of a distinct and overmastering sue- ,
ce*s in life. In the service of the Dutch
East India Company when he sailed up
the Hudson River, he was not a Dutch
man, as folklore has assumed, but an
Englishman through and through and un
mistakable. Born in London, no one
knows exactly when. Henry Hudson came
of a family of adventurers and explorers.
It was the Alderman. Henry Hudson, pos
sibly his grandfather, who organized with
Sebastian Cabot the Muscovy Company,
incorporated 1533. to trade with Russia
and to find a passage to the Indies A ,
nephew of the Alderman. Christopher
Hudson, served as agent of the company
some years later and left behind many ev
idences of his Interest In Arctic explora
tion and In the colonization of America,
The Alderman's eldest sonn. Thomas Hud
son was intimate with Gilbert. Raleigh.
Hakluyt and John Davis, whom he ad
vised concerning his rearch for a north
west passage, which resulted In the dis
covery of Davie Strait. Whatever his re
lationship to these champions of explor
ation we may at least be sure that Henry
Hudson grew up In an atmosphere con
genial to a growing interest in the ex
ploration and exploitation of the West
ern Hemisphere.
He first appears on the stage of history
May 1. 1S07. a citizen of London, starting
from Greenwich in the service of the Mus
covy Company for the Arctic Ocean. In
structed to sail across the pole and find a
passage to the cast he tried to penetrate
between Greenland and Spltzberiren. found
no opening In the solid wall of ice that
blocked his way and returned to
England ere the year had ended. Early
the next season he was off again, but near
Xova Zembla the ice once more turned
him back and the only news of public In
terest which he brought was an accurate
description .furnished by two of the crew
of a mermaid they had seen with the face
of a woman and the tall of a speckled
mackerel.
In spite of the failure or each voyage
Hudson was received with open arms at
London. He was the Nansen of the year.
Though he had done nothing in particular
he had been well up north and had come
back In safety— a proof that he was no
mean sailor. His fame spread to the Con
tinent. Henry IV thought him the man to
bring distinction to France, but the flat
tering invitation rwiched him just after
he had closed with the more tempting of
fer of the Dutch East India Company to
leave the service of its English rival and
made a third attempt at Arctic explora
tion under Its auspices. .
He set sail from Amsterdam April 1. 1609.
in the Half Moon, a little yacht of eighty
tons burden, manned by a crew of less
than twenty sailors, Dutch and English,
half and half. Hudson carried In his pock
et- the latest letter from his old friend
There is no lack of good material for
the United States army, and every day
witnesses the arrival of recruits at the
Presidio. While every recruiting station
throughout the country is forwarding
large numbers of men for the service, the
office at Dallas, Texas, should be yielded
the palm, pne lot of "rookies" number
ing eighty-five went out on the Hancock,
and to-day twenty-five more ¦were re
ceived at the post. So anxious are these
soldiers to see service that they al
most demand of the commanding officer
that they be assigned to resriments going
to China immediately. No half-way meas
ures will ?uit these hardy Texans. and
every one of them declares he "didn't en
llst for any garrison duty."
The third battalion of the Fifteenth In
fantry arrived at the Presidio yesterday
morning. The battalion Is composed of
Companies I. K, L and M. I. K and L are j
from Governors Island. New York, and I
M Is from Fort McPherson. Ga. The bat
talion is officered Dy Lieutenant Colonel
C. H. Williams, Major G. A. Cornish. Cap
tains G. F. Cook. E. D. Mitchell. A. R.
Paxton and J. Cotter: First Lieutenants
F. E. Bamford (adjutant). T. R. Harker
and J. F. Wilkinson; Second Lieutenants
Kurtz. Eppley and Dan T. Moore, and
contract Surgeons Fulchcr and Allen.
Troops B. G, H and I of the Third Cav
alry arrived at the Presi<!m> late yester
day afternoon and were assigned quarters
In the hillside camp. The four troops have
a total strength of ten officers and 353
men and are accompanied by two veter
inary surgeons, one officer of the medical
staff and fourteen men of the hospital
corps.
Under a recent order troops ordered
abroad will be paid two months in ad
vance. The Third Cavalry, the Fifteenth
Infantry and tha company of engineers
will be paid to-day.
Lieutenant Colonel Richard I. Eskrldge,
First Lieutenant Celwyn E. Hampton,
battalion adjutant, and Companies I (Cap
tain Clag-ett) and L (Captain Dapray) of
the depot battalion of the Twenty-third
Infantry, now in camp at the Presidio,
also Companies K (Captain Devore) and
M (Captain Allaire), are ordered to Fort
D. A. Russell, Wyoming, for station.
Captain Ira L. • Fredendall. assistant
quartermaster. U. S. V.. and First Lieu
tenant Julian R. Lindsay. Tenth Cavalry,
having reported at headquarters, are or
dered to China on the Meade.
Gallant Boys Frcm the Lone
Star State Want to Fight
the Boxers.
TEXAS RECRUITS
OBJECT TO DUTY
III GARRISONS
Vacation Joys are dreams of the past
with the school children of this city.
Thousands were up early yesterday morn
ing and overturned their houses search
ing for slates and pencils, books and bags
and other necessary accessories of educa
tion. Refreshed by their six weeks of
rest and recreation, the school children
and their teachers presented a bright ap
pearance when they areeted each other
in their respective classrooms. Every
house of learning was the scene of activ
ity. Teachers fussed and fumed in their
efforts to bring order out of chaos, and
it Is more than likely they will not com-
Slete this task until the latter part of
lis week. This Is due entirely to the up
heaval the Board of Education has made
In tho department during the past few
months. Teachers have been dismissed,
classes consolidated and grammar-grade
pupils have been ordered to attend cer
tain schools
Superintendent of Schools Webster and
his assistants— Deputies Kingsbury, How
ard** and Jordan— visited the -various
schools and lent their aid in straighten
l2F 2 u l l u e Up at the Polytechnic
High School. Bush and Stockton streets
Principal Bush razed at his empty class
rooms and recalled their crowded "appear
ance during the past year. Of the 600 pu
pils who were under his sway there re
main but 200 because of the action of
the School Board. The commercial classes
that counted long rows of figures and
?made whirligigs and other undeciphera
ble notes In their shorthand books and
hammered the typewriters in the pursuit
of a business education have been moved
to the old Everett building, which is im
mediately in back of the Lincoln School
on Fifth street. According- to reports, the
commercial classes are crowded to their
utmost capacity. More than 300 pupila
are resistered and more are applying
Both the Lowell and the Girls' High
schools have a very lar^e attendance.
They will Wave four or five junior classes
apiece.
The changes which have been wrought
In the Irving. M. Scott. Grant and other
schools are not to the liking of the pa
rents, and the latter are up in arms
against the board. The Longtcllow Pri
mary School has been abolished, and the
pupils who attended that school have been
sent to . the new Longfellow Grammar
School, which was the old Rincon Gram
mar School, and to the Whittier Primary
School. Miss Ida E. Shaw, principal of
the Grant Primary School, has lost three
classes by reason of her three grammar
grades being ordered to attend the near
est grammar schools. This move not only
reduced Miss Shaw's salary $10 monthly
but compels her to teach a class in addi
tion to her duties as principal. The same
is true of Mrs. K. K. Brogan of the Moul
der Primary and Mlss-L.. McElroy of the
Harrison -Primary School. Miss M. A.
Deane. principal of the Redding Primary
School, loses a class, but it does not af
fect her salary.
The pupils of the Irving M. Scott School
who are in the grammar grades are com
pelled to travel to the nearest grammar
school, nearly two miles from their place
of residence. The mothers are indignant
anil threaten an indignation meeting to
protest against their children being com
pelled to travel so great a distance to at
tend school. ¦ • •• _j
A prominent member of the School De
partment discussing the present outlook
in local educational circles said:
'T have never seen such an upheaval In
the department and -so much dissatisfac
tion on thepart of the parents, pupils and
teachers. There is a great deal of unrest
because of the summary action of the
board in consolidating classes and remov
ing teachers. • It is . reported that twenty
more teachers will suffer loss of employ
ment through the new plan of consolida
tion.
"The Board of Education has put the
number of pupils In a class at flfty-nve,
but at the urgent request of the princi
pals It has modified this order so that
where rooms have not space for fifty-live
desks po many pupils as can be accom
modated are to form the class. A3 there
are very few schoolhouses that have
rooms large enough to accommodate rlfty
five desks, the order will fall of its own
impracticability. It ought to, because it
is extremely difficult for a schoolteacher
to educate a class In which there are fifty
flve pupils."
Schools Reopen and Teach
ers Are Busy Straight
ening Out Classes.
THOUSANDS OF
PUPILS RETURN
TO THEIR DESKS
HENRY HUDSON.
FIVE painters were precipitated [
.from a scaffoldine to a concrete |
walk fifteen feet below while at '
¦work on the Franklin School build
ing. Eighth and Bryant streets, yester
day afternoon. One of the men received
injuries which may cause his death:
three others were badly bruised and the
fifth clung to a rope, saving himself from
a dangerous fall. The accident was due
to the slipping of one of the hooks which
•held the platform In place. Had the scaf
folding been at a higher point on the
building the men would undoubtedly have
been Instantly killed.
Harry Murphy. Samuel Snow. Charles
Brooks, Bert Holland and Joseph McCar
ty. painters in the employ of Gus Schnee,
have been at ¦work on the school building
for eeveral days. They had almost fin
ished their contract and were gradually
approaching the basement on the west
side when the accident occurred. The
scaffolding on wb,ich they worked was (
made fast by hooks on the edge of the i
roof. When about fifteen, feet from the!
I ground the strain on the ropes caused one
of the hooks to slip from its place hurling
I the men to the pavement below.
Murphy was on the end of the board
which gave away first. He struck the
concrete with terrible force and was so
i badly Injured about the head and internal
| ly that the physicians tear that he will not
j recover. Snow, whose seat was next to
I Murphy's, was also severely bruised and
I his chin lacerated. Bert Holland escaped
i with a strained foot and leg: Charles
Brooks fell upon the other men and se
verely wrenched his hip. McCarty was on
the other end of the board and when the
hook slipped he clutched the rope which
remained fast and held it until he reached
the ground, thus breaking the force of his
fall.
Murphy and Snow were taken to the
I City Receiving Hospital; Holland was
j sent to his homo at 201 Second street, and
Brooks was helped to his residence at 104
1 Hickory avenue.
EARLY DUTCH DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS.
Copyright, 1903, hy Seymour Eaton.
DISCOVERERS AND E^CF^ORERS Of* NORTH
flmERICfl.
TO.
Born sailors as they were, the Dutch
were sure to be no laggards in exploring
and exploiting the New World. At the
fag end of the sixteenth century William
Barendz made his three historic voyages,
discovered Spitsbergen and sailed nearer
to the pole than any previous explorer;
and Kirk Gerrits making southward
touched the fringe of the great Antarctic
continent, first among the sailors to that
far distant land.
A little later, In 1609. while John Smith
still lay prostrate of the hurt Inflicted on
him bj- the accidental explosion of a ba?
of gunpowder, and while the pilgrims
were settling In Leyden. there to tarry
for ten years or more, the little Half
Moon, under a Dutch flag but a British
captain, flitted along our coast, entered
the beautiful river that bears the cap
tain's name and ascended It to the site of
Albany. But Henry Hudson was not the
first to spy out the river which bears his
name. Many Europeans had already
found It. Long years before, Verrazano
entered New York harbor, and in 1325
Gomez coasting south took notice of the
river. When in 1614 a syndicate of Dutch
merchants applied to their Government
for a special license to trade up and down
the Hudson they stated that the French
had first found out the river and long
before the time of Henry Hudson had
traded there with the Mohawks. There
can be tittle doubt that French skippers
from time to time sailed the ,river of the
Steep Hills, even up to the site of Albany,
to get furs from the Indians, and about 151?
built a fort on a long, low island "Mar
the present southern limits of the city of
Albany."
Henry Hudson was therefore not the
John Smith, just closing his career at
Jamestown, telling him that In the pre^
vious summer he had explored t>e Chesa
peake Bay and was convinced the passage
to the Indies lay a little north. The letter
was of extreme value and, a3 Flske points
out. it attached the name of John Smith
to the beginnings! of American history
in the middle as well as in the southern
and northern zones. By May 1 the Half
Moon was bumping around among the Ice
bergs not far from Nova Zembla. and the
sailors, unused to such cold weather and
such hardships, were quarreling amor.g
themselves and growing, like the sailors
of Columbus, insubordinate. Hudson un
der pressure turned toward America,
skirted the coast from Nova Scotia to th»
Chesapeake, mistook probably Machipoa
go Inlet for the Jame3 River, passed It
•with the remark. "This is the entrance
into the King's River in Virginia, whera
our Englishmen are." turned northward,
entered Delaware Bay, followed the New
Jersey coast to Sandy Hook, and Septem
ber 3 dropped archor off Staten Island liko
Verraiano eighty-five- years before.
The natives thereabouts crowded around
the boats of the foremost sailor of the
year. The mate's journal tells us "the
people of the country came aboard of U3.
seeming very jrlad of our coming." Grow
ing familiar as the Half Moon made Its
way up the river, which Hudson thought
a strait connecting with the Indian Ocean,
some nf the Indians paid the penalty of
their lives for their temerity, but they
gave a good account of themselves in bat
tle. Aft°r a week or more, as the nar
rowing of the river and freshening of the
water proved that Hudson was not in the
strait he longed to find, he cast anchor
just above the present site of Albany, set
the bad example followed by most of his
successors in dealing with the Indiana of
introducing them to the "much wine and
aqua vitae" of the white man, and then
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
The Board of Supervisors adopted a res
olution at yesterday's meeting which will
have the effect of tempora rily prohibiting
the Market Street Railway Company
from changing the First street road into
an electric railway. The company recent
ly deposited poles' along the street named,
but Acting Mayor Tobln directed the
Chief of Police to prevent their erection
until permission had been obtained from
the Beard cf Supervisors. Mayor Tobin
said yesterday that he was against the
erection of overhead wires, and that he
would certainly oppose any high-handed
proceeding on the part of the corporation
In constructing an electric line on First
street, or any other street, where permis
sion had not first been' obtained.
The resolution on the subject was intro
duced by Curtis, and gives notice to the
Market Street Railway Company that it
will be required to postpone operations
contemplated In changing the road on
First street into an electric line. The
company had filed notice that it would be
gin such work August A. but the Super
visors decided to investigate before allow
ing the work to be commenced. It will be
ascertained whether the company pos
sesses any legal right to begin opera
tion?. The resolution was adopted imme
diately and the Board of Public Works
was notified to see that the work be not
begun without authority.
Will Take Up Unused Rails.
The Market Street Railway Company
petitioned that it be granted permission
to abandon an-3 remove certain street car
tracks and appliances, agreeing to restore
the streets now occupied by the same to
good condition. The tracks are situated
as follows:
On Montgomery avenue, from Filbert to
Greenwich street, a double track ami switches;
at the Junction of Montgomery avenue, Wash
ington and Montgomery streets; a single track.
ccMimencinc Rt the crossing of Powell street
an-1 Montgomery avenue and lying alonir Mont
gomery av»nue to Mason street; on Bay street,
frcm Powell to Taylor; on Berry street, from
Fourth to Fifth: on Jackson street, from Mont
gomery avenue to Kearny street, a single track:
electric tracks ami roles on Carl street, from
Stanyan to I; thence along I street to Ninth
avenue anJ a Ions Ninth avenue to H street.
The petition was referred to the Com
mittee on Streets.
House-Movers Protest.
A petition from Henry Chester and Pat
rick Gleason that they be given a hearing
in their protest against the -proposed law
Imposing a license of %zA) per quarter on
house-movers and house-raisers was re
ferred to the License Committee. The pe
tition says:
This license Is unjust and in furtherance of
the plans of certain trusts or combinations of
house-movers, who are now designing to destroy
competition in their business and render it un
profitable for any person other than them
selves to enlace therein. About eleven firms
engaged in ths business of hous<vmovlng have
entered Into such a combination; that • five
rther firms have associated themselves Into a
co-partnership called the San Francisco House
movers' Company No. 1. In which name they
have taken out a single license.
The ordinance allowing the San Fran
cisco special messenger service to main
tain overhead wires In certain sections of
the city was opposed by Reed, ¦who said
that there was a law compelling all wires
to be placed underground. A long discus
sion was brought to an end by referring
the ordinance to the City Attorney for
his opinion as to the power of the board
to grant the privilege.
Violation of Charter.
The ordinance eliminating: certain ap
propriations from the provisions of the
one-twelfth act contained in the charter
was finally passed. Brandensteln op
posed the passape on the ground that It
was In direct violation of the charter.
Reed explained that unless certain funds
were exempted by ordinance that some of
the departments of the city government
would come to a standstill.
Miscellaneous Business.
It was resolved that In all Instances
where gas lamps were located beneath
electric arc lights and both were used for
Illuminating purposes the gaslights should
be discontinued and the electric arc lights
be permitted to remain: also that where
gas lamps at present serve to mark the
position of fire alarm boxes the globes of
the electric arc lamps remaining
crowned with a red rim for the purpose of
designating the location of these boxes.
The ordinance Imposing a license of $3 per
year on bootblack stands located on streets or
sidewalks, and r^uiring permits to conduct
them from the Board of Public Works, was
postponed for one week: the ordinance Imposing
a lleense on hotel solicitors was amended to
make the license $15 per quarter and the price
cf runners' badges 11 60 each; the Independent
Electric Light and Power Company was grant
ed sermifsion to use oil as fuel In the hollers
of Its generating plant at Twenty-third and
Louisiana streets. The Finance Committee was
directed to deposit the Wlndel bequest of J1S.
210 CO In the Hibernla, German and Mutual
Saving* hanks and In the San Francisco Sav
ings Union and with the Savings and Loon So
ciety. The balance of K441 02 In the H»rnal
Paik Improvement fund of the last fiscal year
was transferred to the general fund of this
year, to be applied to the farther improvement
of Bernal Park. The City Attorney was re
quested for his opinion whether an appropria
tion can legally be made for the Seml-Centen
nial Admission day celebration. Superintend
ent of Public Building? was directed to make
an inventory of all property belonging to the
city In the public building*. The Commercial
Publishing Company was authorized to assign.
It* contract for printing municipal reports for
IS??-1SCO to William M. Hinton Jr.. provided he
flies a sufficient bond with the board. The_
Board of Health was authorized by ordinance.
Introduced by Supervisor Curtis, to abate a
nuisance occa?Ioned by dumping of sewage In
the district bounded by San Bruno avenue. Bry
ant. Twenty-sixth and Army streets. The or
dinance providing for the construction of a
plank roadway on Spear street, between Harri
son and Bryant, at a cost of 15100. was laid
over for one week, when Commissioner Ma
puire of the Board of Works will submit a new
proposition on the subject. The application of
Charles HI fickle for permission to hunt Jack
rabbits with a shotgun was referred to the
Committee on Public Utilities. The ordinance
Imposing a license on stationary wagons or
stands from which merchandise Is gold was
Indefinitely postponed. The Committee on Pub
lic Utilities will meet this evening at 8 o'clock
to take up the question of a municipal water
supply system, and also to consider plans for
a city electrical distributing plant.
Referred to Committees.
Thf following petitions and communications
were referred to committees: J Simpson, re
questing that the sidewalks en the west *IJe
of Pierce street, between Vallfjo and Green,
be re*tore<5 to a ra"" abI " cominton and nskinsc
for oth«r»lmprovement* In the vicinity: Patrick
Healy tot the construction of a sewer In Sharp
place ' between Union ami Gr^en. Hyde and
Leavenworth streets: American Electrical En
*ineerlnc Association, requesting Information
to enable It to bid upon the engineering work
of tfw proposed new telephone exchange: Fed
eration <if Mission Improvement Clubs, statinc
that It i* opposd to the purchase of any water
system which depends on a storare supply;
Daniel Harrington, calling attention to the dll
atnrv tactics purjued In replacing the Burnett
"oli&ol by a more substantial building: H. H.
vVirth United States Commissioner of Intmlgra
tion Yeauestlne Information as to the terms
uS&r which the Harbor Police Station at
Meiggs Wharf may be Imsed. ,
Street Work.
Resolutions wer« adopted providing for street
work »b follows: Fixing and establishing
crab's In the University Mound district: order-
KrthV laving- of artificial stone sidewalks on
thf «"t MdZ of An^ellra street, from Nine
teenth street southerly to th# termination of
Anrplica street: providing: for the removal of
m« iamc« from public street* where they are
Ircltld ben/aTh electric »re lights: provldln* for
Ih , reolaclnc of the -^lectrlc arc lights which
Jurround I th» City Hall (rounds with Incan
descent ea* lamr*.
Corporation Will Take Up Unused
Eails — House Movers Protest
Against Excessive License
on Their Business.
Market-Street Company Is
Ordered to Postpone
Operations.
ELECTRIC ROAD
FORBIDDEN ON
FIRST STREET
Harry Murphy Is Probably Fatally In
jured and Three Others Are
More or Less Hurt.
FIVE PAINTERS THROWN
FROM A SCAFFOLDING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 31, 1900.
An Insolvent Switchman.
ACCIDENT TO PAINTERS AT THE FRANKLIN SCHOOL*
7
We buy trunks hy the carload. That's
why we sell good trunks at reasonable
prices. Suit cases, valises, traveling: bags,
coin purses and pocketbooks In ourleather
goods department. Sanborn, Vail & Co
741 Market street. •
1Vh»n we fay "rupture curert" trie mean it.
P R - Jt X .SU^. E ' MAGNETIC ELASTIC TKLSS
has riRKD thousands of cases. Nothing el»«
like It. Best retainer made. It dees the work
Investigate for yourself. C7"CaU for "Book-
let No. 1." cr eend 2 cents in stamps. Ad-
'magnetic elastic truss co.,
020 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or*114J» Broadway. Ktw York City,
After a Refreshing Ca h
On & sa'.try day tho prorpect of putting
en *u<b exquisitely laundered linen, white
ana Eatalttea in l'.ni.-h. is a pleakorv to the
man thu has hi? shirts, collars and cuffs
don* vp" at <,-jr laundry. Our aim Is to*
please o ;r pairoiis, and we spare no pains
to do it. a.s »p want the patronage of
every man in San Francisco. No "saw
ed»res."
- Domestic finish for full dress shirts If
you order it.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
elitmr I'cwrtZl.
Telephone-South 42O.
Oakland Off ice-363 12th Street.
My Gall $1.00 inr Year
DB. HALL'S REINVIGORATORgreBSa
Five hundred reward for any
case we cacnot cure. This secret { £Ea BaD
n-niedy i>tf rs all lessen in 24 hours. H f
cures Emissions. Impotency. Varl- *HH E&5
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fltn. "pf" IRfj
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all till I'll
wasting efTects of self-abuse or K<-i f£-A
nrc«>.-v S»nt !>fai<-<J. 52 bottle; 3 fciiiassSSc
i bottles. it>: guaranteed to cure anjt case. Ad-
drees HALIVS MEDICAL INSTITUTE. &53
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073*4
Market *t . S. F. All private diseases quickly-
cured. Send for free book.
rt I IT nnifll Corner Fourth and
Valises checked tree.
RUPTURE CURED.
Followed when necessary by gentle applications
of CUTICURA Ointment, purest and sweet-
est of emollients and greatest of skin cures.
.Millions of People Use Cuticura Soap Exclusively for preserving
purifying, and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and
dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing
red, rough, and sore hands.
Millions of Women use CcriccnA Soap in the form of baths for annoying
irritations, inflammations, and chaSngs, too free or offensive perspiration, in the
form cf sashes for clcerative weaknesses, for many sanative antiseptic purposes
which readily suggest themselves to women, especially mothers, and for all the
purposes cf the toilet, bath, and nursery. No amount of persuasion can induce'
those who have once used it to use any other, especially for preserving and puri-
fying the skin, scalp, and hair of infants and children. Clticura. Soap com-
bines telicate eir.oliient properties derived from Cl'TICURa, the great skin cure,
with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most refreshing of flower odors.
No other medicated soap ever compounded is to be compared with it for preserv-
ing, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign
or domestic toilet foap, however expensive, is to be compared with it for all the
purposes of the to-'.et, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in One Soap at One
Price, viz. Twenty Five Cents, the best skin and complexion soap and the
best toilet and e£=t biby soap in the world.
»*rj^r» Special attention is called to the use of Cttticcra Ointment In connection
»ltn( fliri-R* go*p. Its "Uuf ,\i : h: Trralmrnl of sUe Hands."
or "J'««s!<;.Trt««mriii of the Hair,** or u*e after Athletic*, rj dills, golf,
icnni«, ridin;. •parrins or any sport, eiicll In connection With Ibe Use 01
CuTiCTKA soap, is suZacieut eviieuce ci ibli.
CutlCUra Con P' 8t8 External and Internal Treatment for Etery Humor,
CoiihisUr;" cf Ccticctu Soap (2.">c) to cleanse the skin of
The Set SI. 25 5\ ru t ts aUli S;!ales and soften the thickened cuticle, Cuticura
¦ iiw ww*. w«*«.«* OuitmeiiUSOc) to instantly all.iy iu-hiug. Inflammation, and
irritation, and soothe and lir.^1. an-JCuTirrKA Insolvent '5 cc.^ to cool and cleanse
tbe blood. A Pates* Srr is ojten Mtflfefeat to cure the most torturing, <1M figuring,
a-.d bunnMatinB skin, scalp, ami bloo-l humors, with loss of hair, when all else fails,
S"M throughout tn© wond. roTTru Dsca axdchem. Corp Sole Props.. Boston.
Mass. "Ail about the care of the Skin, Seaip, and Hair, in Summer," free.
Heat Rash, Chafings, ' Irritations, Tan. Sun-
burn, Bites and Stings, Too Free or Off en -
Mve Perspiration, Red, Rough, Blistered
Hands, Tired, Lamed, Strained Muscles,
Soothed, Cooled and Healed by Baths with
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Southfield Wellington Coal,
best results with least cost.THE STOCK MARKET.
ARRIVED.
Monday. July SOL
Br stmr llanauer.se, Barneson, 6i hours from
Xanalmo.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. 37 hours from Port L.is
An^eies.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, 56 hours from Oyster
Harbor.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Noeland. 36 hours fnm
M^«s Ltndlrc ;
S'mr Corona. Gielnw. 61 hours fjnm San
Diego.
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, 82 hours from N.i
naimo.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 14 hours fr^m A!
bion.
Stmr Orizaba. Shea. 23 hours from Eureka.
Chilean war -stmr General Raquedano. Wil
son. !O day* from Esaulmalt.
Schr Queen. Nielsen. 9' 3 days from Gra.s
Harbor.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. ? hnurs from W^a.
Schr Newark. Beck, 17 hours from BoVtfU
Landing.
CLEARED.
Monday. July 3.1.
Stmr City of Puehla. Pep?«en. Victoria and
Port Town«end; Goorlall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander. San Pedro; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, July 30.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nor>and>r. Pan Pedro.
Stmr City of Puebla. JeDsen, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr Alc.itraz. Carlson. .
Stmr Brunswick. A ill Men, .
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr A\*x Doneaa, Macgenn. .
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. .
Sohr Reliance. Larson. .
Schr S. Danlelsnn. Llndbr:e», Sluslaw River.
Schr Compeer. Larsen. Pago Pago.
TELEGRAPHIC.
¦POINT LOBOS. July 3^—10 p. m.—^Veather
cloudy, wind, southwest, velocity 10 miles.
STOKER
July 24. 24.10 X bit. O.02 W long, shin John
McDonald, from Hilo, for Delaware Break-
July 21. 43.43 N lat. 7.2S W long, Br ship Ra-
Jore, from Hull, for San Francisco.
Per Manauense. Br stmr — July 30. lft miles W
of Pnint Reye3 — Ship Occidental, from Seattle,
for San Flancisco.
DISASTER.
LONDON. July 30— Br ship Sootherlandshir».
from Rotterdam, for Kiaochau and Portland
grounded at Sumatra, on July 27, and became
a total wreck. Thirteen of the crew wer«
drowned.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Orizaba — July 30. S a. m., 1* rr.l'.es
NAV of Point Keyes— Passed a three-rnast?i1
ship painted black; wind light. S. Ship was
standing off to the southward.
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT RICHMOND. July 30-The stmr Au
rora is en the rocks near Red Rock.
' DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LCDLOW- Sailed July 30— Schr F S
Redfield. for Honolulu.'
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 23-Stmr Rival.
henco July 24.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 2S— Schr. Comet,
from Seattle.
EUREKA-Sailed July 23— Strar Pasadena, fcr
San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 23— Ger ship Hera.
from Pert Townsend; July 30 — Stmr Chas I)
Lane, hence July 28. Sailed— Stmr Cottage City,
for Sitka; stmr Taccma and Br stmr Garonne,
for Nome; Br stmr Almond Branch, for Ta
coma.
SAN -PEDRO—Arrived July 30— Stmr Navarro,
from Usal.
ECREKA-Arrlved July 30— Stmr Eureka,
hence .Tuly 23.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 30— Tug Rescue,
hence July 26; »chr Pioneer, from Honolulu.
GRAYS HARBOK— Arrived July 2*— Schr
Guide, hence July 9: schr Ahble. hence July 12.
Sailed July 29— Schr John F. Miller, for San
Pedro: July 20— Stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Francisco; schr Henry Wilson, for Honolulu:
schr A B Johnson, tor San Francisco; schr Vo
lant, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived July
23— Bark Pactolus, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPfLCO— Palled July 2S— Stmr Nerrport;
stmr City nf Panama, for Panama.
NANAIMO— Sailed July 2S— Br stmr Maaau
ense for San Francisco.
i YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 2S— Jap stmr Xlp
! pon Maru. hence July 10.
i SYDNEY— Arrived July 23— Ship Wm H
Macy. fr^m Dclagoa Bay.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 25— Er
rtir.r Monmouthshire, from Oregon; July 2S —
Br stmr Doric, hence June 30.
YOKOHAMA— SalM July 27— Br stmr Em
press of Janan. for Vancouver.
VICTORIA — Arrived July 23 — Princess Louise.
Br stror ivinube and Tees.
KALMOUTH— Arrived Ju!y 23— Br ship TSala
sore. hence April 1; Hr ship Lynton, hence
Apr'.! ">: July Jf>— Ship Clarence S lament, from
Oregon' Rr ship S;tmocna, henco March 23.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived July Z>— Br ship
Thistlebank, from Sourabaya, for San Fran
cisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July CO— Br ship
Gen Gordon, hence March 10; I!r ship Godiva
hence March 26: B* ship Bcech-lale. from Ore
gon: Br ship Clan Graham, h-T.ce March 12;
Br bark Donna Francisca. from Oregon: Br
bark Kinfiuns. frcm Oregon: Oer bar* Paul
Isenbertr. hence- March 10; Br bark Trongate.
(ro.Ti Tacoma nnJ Penarth. for San Francisco
LIZARD— Passed July 2i)-Fr bark Colbert.
, from Tacoma. for Queenstown: Br bark In
i versnaltl. hence Ncv H. for Queenstown.
KIN^ALE— Passed July 20— Br ship Ensel
' horn, frcm Seattle, for Quoenstown.
OCEAN STEAMERS
CHERBOmG— Sailed July 30— Stmr Barbar
ossa. fruni llremen. for New Yorfc.
I BOCTHAMPTON— Sailed July 30— Steamer
Deutschland, Ircm Hamburg, for New Yorlc.
via Cherbnurj.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 30— Stmr Bovlc.
from Liverpo<rl.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July CO— Stmr Servian,
from New York: stmr Parisian, frora Montreal
ANTWERP— Arrived July ai>-Stmr fMeatenC*
from New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived July 30— Stmr Brazilian,
from Montreal. .
IIAMBUKG-Salled July 30-Stmr Bulgaria,
lor New York (not aa before reportedj.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec
Opening S 04 6 Ti
Closing 6 04 6 1 ; .4
PARIS.
Wheat—. July. Sept. -Dec
Opening 19 80 20 80
Closing 19 80 20 80
Flour — • .»
Opening 25 90 27 40
Closing 25 85 27 35
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 30. -CATTLJO— Receipts. 20.
000. including 2500 Westerns. Steers strong to
shade hiEhor. Butchers* stock strong; Westerns
active, steady and strong. Natives, best on
sale to-day two cars, at J5 774. and twelve cars
at Jj 75; good to prime steers, lh<Q5 85; poor to
medium, $4 5OS5 15; selected feeders, J4@4 75;
mixed stockers, J3Q3 90; cows. J3@4 70; heifers,
$3 lOfcS 10; canners, J2 2502 90; bulls, steady,
1 2 75$ 4 CO: calves, steady, $5 60^7; Texans, best
on sale to-day one car at J5 40; Texas steers
eteady to strong. J4 40^5 40; Texsj grass steers,
steady. $3 4004 25: Texas bulls. $2 50©3 40.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 32.000; to-morrow,
18,000, estimated; left over, 9500. Market'5S?10c
lower; top. $5 274: mixed and butchers, $5 10®
6 37'^: good to choiCo heavy, $5 15©-5 35; rough
heavy, ?4 65©6 05; light, Jo 1005 35; bulk of sales
$5 ua; 20.
BHEEP— Receipts, 15,000. Sheep steady to
str'jn*: lft.mbn. stronger. Good to choice weth
er«, $4 U.«4 50; fair to choice mixed, $3 25@4 10 r
W*«t<-rn nh'ep, $434 40; Texas sheep, J3^4; na
tive lamb*, li 50#4: Western lambs, J5@6.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, July 30.— The statement of the
vifi'.bl* trupply of srrain In etore and afloat on
Saturday. July 23, .ib compiled by the New
Stock Exchange, was as follows: Wheat 45 -
8C9.O00 bushels. Increase 28,000 bushels; corn 11*-
CJ2.OfiO bushels, decrease l,S33,0(to bushels; oats
S.C97.O0O bushels, decrease 736,000 bushels- rye"
E;.7,'/00 buf-hels, decrease 39,000 bushels- barley'
618,000 bushels. Increase 4000 bushels.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July SO. -The cotton market wns
reasonably active, but without positive char
acter to-day. The closing; showed a lack of
public interest, while traders were disposed to
be bearish. The close was quiet, with prices
net 10&20 points lower.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. July 30.— The market for metals
wii an apathetic affair at best, with the gen
eral rulinc weak under rather freer offerings
and in sympathy with heaviness abroad. The
MetaJ Exchange ; reported pljriron warrants at
Shipping Intelligence.
WHEAT— Chicago opened heavy under
weaker foreign advices, but subsequently re
covered. There was moderate liquidation, and
the demand was chiefly to fill shorts. World's
shipments for the week were 6,000,000 bushels.
Liverpool and Paris futures were lower.
Corn was higher under small receipts and a
pood demand and reported light stocks every
where.
In the local market spot quotations were a
fraction lower.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05; milling, $1 074
@l 10. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 4000
ctls. U 12H; 4 000. $1 12V4; 26.000. $1 12U: IS.000.
Jl 12%.
Second Session — December— S0O0 ctls. Jl 12%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls,
Jl 12V,; 6000, $1 12V4.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 124: 10.000. $1 12%.
BARLEY — Was steady at Saturday's quota
tions. Business was light. though futures
livened up and advanced in the regular morn-
Ing call.
Feed. 75c for Xo. 1 and 674@724c for off
rrades; Brewing and shipping grades. 774®
S24c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session — December — 14,000 ctls, 774c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls. 77«ic; 2000, 78c; 2000, 784c; 2000. 7S%c; 26,000.
7S>4c
Afternoon Session — December— 2000 ctlsr 7S^ic
OATS — The market is quieter as the Govern
ment wants are filled for the moment. Prices
rule as flrm as ever, however.
White, $110®lS5; Surprise. Jl 35@1 40: Red,
$11O@1224: Gray, Jl 10@l 20; Black. $10740
1 22U per ctl: off grades of all kinds. $1@1 0"4. ,
CO'RN— All descriptions were quoted at the
same price yesterday. The market is very Ir
regular, as the leading holder asks whatever
flsrures he pleases. Large Yellow. SI 25 per ctl;
White. $1 25 per ctl; Small Round Yellow, Jl 25.
HYE— 90fi93?ic per ctl.
BUCKW HEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, J3 60©S 75.
usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington. J2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily and $3 15fa3 SO for bakers' ; Eastern, J4 7o@
1 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In safks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour $2 75: Rye Meal. $2 60;
Rice Flour. J7; Corn Meal. J2 75; extra cream
tlo $3 50: Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy. J3 5O<£3 75;
Buckwheat Flour. $»®4 25; Cracked Wheat.
13 60 * Farina, »4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, J3 25;
Rolled Oats (barrels) J6@7 25; in sacks. J5 75*
a?' Pearl Barley. J5; Split Peas. J5; Green
Peas, ti £0 per 100
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay continues In liberal receipt and weak.
though there is less depression. Feedstuffs are
as previously quoted.
BRAN— J12 &0<i/13 &0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J17&2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, JIG per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, J26@27; Jobbing, J27 50
«j2S; Cocoanut Cake, |20(J?2l; Corn Meal, $24 50;
Cracked Corn. J2S; Mixed Feed. $14.
HAY— Volunteer. $4 BOfie 50- Wheat, $10@12;
Wheat and Oat, $9 GOSJU 60; Oat, $8®10; Clover,
J4&6; Alfalfa. JC&7 50; Barley, J6 5O&3 50 per
ten.
STRAW— 25©40c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. J2 65^2 75; Small White. $3 33
G3«0; large White. $2 C0©2 75; Pink. J2S2 85;
Red. $3 25@3 60; Blackeye. $3 50; Lima. $5 30($
5 40; Pea, nominal; Red Kidneys, J4®4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. $1 D0©2 20; Canary. 34c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal: Rape. 2V4©3c; Hemp. 4gp44c; Timo
thy. 4<544c.
DRIKD PEAS— Nlles, nominal; Green. J2 25@
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye. J2.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Ther« Is nothing new to report, all descrlp
tiens being; In ample supply and unchanged.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, EOc; New Early
Ro*e, 25@30c; Burbanks, 25tj60c for Rivers and
£5!§&0c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 2t8'24c.per
pound.
ONIONS— Yellow, S5c@Jl per ctl.
VEOETAULES^-Grern Corn, 50c®Jl per sack,
80c»6"$l per crate for Berkeley and Jl 23©1 50 for
Alameda; Green Pens, 3@5c per Ib; String
Beans, l<JI3e; Llmas, 3®4c; Cabbage, iOfff^Oc;
Tomatoes, Rivers, 25^400; Bay, 75c; Egg Plant.
C0(;77jO per box; Green Okra, 50c© Jl; Green Pep
pers, 254J-I0C per box for Chill and 40(360c for
Hell: Dried Peppers, S@10c; Carrots. 25&35C per
sack; Summer Suuash, 35<940c. for Alameda: Cu
cumbers. . 2oiff33c for Alameda; Pickles, Jl per
ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2; Garlic, 2@3c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash. $12015 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern arrived. » Local stock was
dull and largely nominal.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9311c for Gobblers
and 10<§12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, Jl 25@l 50;
UopltnK". Jl 254*1 ho; Ducks. $3drM for ola ana
$364 for yountc: Hens. JjfrS; Young Roosters,
J<g6; Old Roosters, J4@4 50; Fryers, $30
3 50; Broilers, ?2 50tff3 for large and $1 50®2 far
small; Pigeons, Jl 5001 75 per dozen for old and
$1 60<Sjl 75 for Squabs. ¦ . ,
GAME — Doves. 504J6OC per down; Cottontail
Rabbits. Jl 25; Brush Rabbits. 75c@Jl; Hare,
$125.
>
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sipht — }( SS4
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 S5
Sterling Cables — 4 i3^
New York Exchange, sight — 124
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61 ',4
Mexican L-oliars, nominal — 4i>4
Wheat and Other Grains.
Korfclk & V.'estern prefd 76*4
3.?10 Northern Pacillc 50%
215 Northern Pacific pretd 71V* |
1,K<» Ontario & Western 20 |
Oregon Ita.il way & Navigation 42 j
Oregon Ry <* Navigation, prefd 7« .
6,743 Pennsvlvania 127V4
Reading 1«H
3.720 Reading 1st rrefd 59V» j
Beadlns 2d pr-'fd 2S
Rio Grande Weetern -^'.i
Hlo CJrande Western prefd 9" 1
Ft Louis & San Francisco S'.i
UXI St Louis & San Fran 1st preM C6 |
Bt Lt>uis & fan Fran Id prefd 32 1 * |
Ft Louis Southwestern % . i0
425 St Louis South vi^s tt-rn prefd 25'i
10.3&9 St Paul 11L >L 1
St Paul protd • ITO',4
St Paul A Omaha 11« i
4.S3O Southern Ta.-llic 32«i '
. 4lo Southern Railway WT» j
400 Southern Kail way prefd 61% i
WO Texas & Pacific 1*H \
1.4ii Union Pacific W t
I'ni.m Pacific prefd 13 ]
Wabash 5'» I
>Vab3Fh prefd 1S'« \
100 Wheeling ft Lake Krie 8% I
- 1(4) Wheeling & Lake Krie 2J prefd Si!
100 Wisconsin Central 13
Thirl Avenue 104
Kxpress Companies —
Adams 123 j
Americsn 1^! j
l"nitPd Stat--B 43 |
AVeils Kartu 122 |
Mibcellaneoijs —
1*0 American Cotton Oil 33 J 4 ¦
Anterican Cotton Oil prefd fc^ ,
100 American Meltini; 3 1 * .
Amtriran Maitir.c rreld 19 j
300 American Smelting i lienning 36' 2
2lv Atncilcan & Ret prefd... S7 1 -i
American B?irlta 14
American Iffirlts prefd 17
70} American Steel Hoop Is 7 *
200 American Steel Hi op prefd 67
6.(».> Amtrrican t-teel & Wire 33'-* t
330 American Sti-ol .t Wire prefd 'i'^ \
200 American Tin Plate 21S i
129 American Tin Plate prefd 76 i
27.71S American Tobacco '.'SS !
American Tobacco prefd 12S j
Anaronda Mining Co 41'i |
2S.f*70 Hrookiyn Rapid Transit 564
5*0 Colorado Fuel .t Iron ?2*+ !
240 t.'or.ttnpntal Tobacco 24 a « |
1.10") «'ontini-i.tal Tobacco -prefd 7S
6,7(«) Federal Pteel 32H
KM Pederal Steel prefd 64>i
1« General Klectric , 129 |
1W Glucose Sjigar 51
Glucose Sugar prefd W)
700 International Paper 22
540 International Puper prefd 6'.'4 '
I«irlr(ie Gus 73U ;
roo National U.scuit 30 i
National Biscuit prefd f-5 ;
National Load 19 j
Nntior.al Lead rrefd JS'-i :
1.000 National Pt^el 23 H •
2vO National Steei prefd W*
New York Air Brake 12« ;
North American 15 j
Pacific Coast £2H i
Pacific Coast 1st prerd $i i
Pacific <"f>asl 2nd prefd WSi i
•52" Pacific Mail , 30 i
5,212 People'* Oas 97% '
St«> Prt-fFfil Ste-,>I <"ar 40 i
Presse.l Steel Car nrc.'d 71'± i
192 Pullman Palace Oar 183
IV* Sta:-.ilard Rope .t Twine 5 i
C0,7^0 Sugar 1I2'b !
Sugar prefd 116 ]
2.r-3.1 Tenn CoaJ i Iron 69 !
Z.S1S TTr.lted States leather 10 i
416 United States leather prefd 6S '
2.3D» United State 6 Rubber 2S>4 i
United States Rubber prefd S4 !
€•3 U'estera Union 79H
100 Rep I & g Co JO'i
Rep I & S Co prefd E3 j
P C C & St Louis B2 I
¦
2CS.200 shares sr,ld.
CIjOSING BONDS,
t; P ref 8c when Is- M K & T 2s 68
sued rfg..., 114V Do 4s 90'-^
l>o coupon 1O4'» N V Cent lsts 1CTT» I
U F 2s rt-g liv) r N J Cen ffen 5s 122 j
D S 2s reg U«V Northern Pac 3s... fi«
C S Cs coup 1104! Do 4= 103%
IT P r.ew 4h nsr.iV.lSJH N Y C & S L A*...W-n |
U S new 45= coup...133 r > K i \V con 4s S7Vj 1
V S old 4s reg US^'Or Nav lFtB 1CS
O S n!d 4s coup....lir,i;, 1>>1 48 V>2U.
0 t= Ea res 113'i Or Phort Line 6s..l2S4 |
f- S ."s coup l'^tl Do con 5s 112 I
Dls of Co] 3.6,-s. ...123 Reading Gen 4s.... S7?i I
Atchison gen 4b... .101 R G W l?t? 9«v,
do «dj 4s MTiiS L & I M con 5s. .110 " |
Canada Sou 2ds....l08H? L & S F Gen 6s. .122 ,
Ches & Ohio 4H«.- W* c t Paul con V,r,i^ :
l>o 5s 116'4S P C &. P lsts II*;";, i
C & N con 7s 141%: T)n 5s US4 '
Po S F Deb 58.... 12fi«4 1 Southern Pac 4s.... 7xva j
Chic Term 4s 92H Pn-jthern Ry 5s insi£ ;
Colorado Sou 4s 84'i! Stand R & T f.s 72»^ |
D 4 R G lsts 102 Tex & Pac lsts lll'j
Do 4s 97>4 Do 2dn ti I
Drip Gen 4s 694 Union Pae 4s 104% I
F W & I"> C lst«.. "m, Waba-«h l»ts W,\ \
General Elec Ob....!!.'.^, Do 2ds HJ3% |
Iowa Cen 1st* 113 West Shore 4i 112^ i
KCPAG Uts.... 70 Wis Cent li«tB tl\ 1
L & X Unl 4s 984 Va Centuries £3% ¦
MINING STC»CKS.
Chollar 10'Ontarlo 6 50 |
Crown Point ....... 10:Oph:r 53 i
Con Cal & Va 1 35;PIymouth 10 I
Oeadwond 40 Quicksilver 150 1
Gou'.d & Curry 15 1 Do prefd 6 .'0
Hale & Nor 15 Plerra Nevada ../... 20
Homestake 50 Standard 4 00
Iron Silver £0 Union Con 15 I
Mexican 12 Yellow Jacket Jo j
BOSTON STOCKS AND PONDS.
Money— 'Union Pacific 5S%
Call loans 3%?M : Union Land 2 j
Time loans 34#4'£ West lend $34
Slocks— WIp Central 13
Atcl-.'son 2o r ti Bonds-
Do prefd 6S s 4iN E Ga* & Coke... 65
Amer Su^ar 122 S » 1 MininK Shares —
L>o pr*fd 116 .Adventure 2
American Tel 144H : Allouez Mln Co 1
Boston & Albany.. 200 Amal Copper S6 I
Boston Elevated. ..142V4 Atlantic 24
Uoston & Maine... l?s : Boston & Montana. 255
Chi H & Q 12:.'4nutte & Boston.... S2
Dominion Coal 3S4;calumft & Hprla..7">
Do prefd 113 iFranklln U
Federal Steel 32U: Humholdt ... j
Do prefd 63 lOyceola 63
Fitchbun? prefd. ..137 j Parrot 40
Gen Electric 12S4 Qulncy 122
Do prefd lSS^ifianta Fe Copper... 44
Mex Central ll 3 * [Tamarack 194
MechlRan Tel S5 Utah Mining 27'4
Old <,olony 205 Winona 24
Old Dominion IS (Wolverines 344
Rubber 2SV1
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK. July 30.— Money on call 1% p« r
cent; last loan, 1H- Prime mercantile paper,
404% per cent., Sterling exchange e&tiertt
$4 874 for demaJid and at $4 84434 84% for sixty
days; po«ted rates, $4 844@4 &S and »4 884.
Commercial bills. $4 fc3©4 S3^. Bar silver,
614c. Silver certificates, 61'«@€2Hc. Mexican
dollars. 4Sc.
Bonds--Gcvemment, 6teady: State, firm; rail
road, easier.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON*. July 30. --To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the 1150.000.000 roid reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cacn
balance. J14S.394.767: gold. $72,880,848.
\ London Market.
NEW YORK. July 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram say*:
The dead season la now in full swing and all
the markets here are stagnant. Humbert's:
merely depressed Italian bonds
hi point and the surrender of General Prlnsioo
hardened African mine* fractionally. Consols
were heavy on the expectation of a statement
In Parliament to-night showing how the Gov
ernment is to raise Immediately £11,500.000 sup
plementary for war purposes. Americans were
turnant. The bank bought £11.000 c"M in
bars. Silver was up on a French tender of 70,
000 kllc5 for Wednesdaj". The Stock Exchange
here takes a holiday on Saturday.
CLOSING.
LONDON. July 80.— Atchison, 20^4: Canadian
Pacific. 90; Union Pacific "pref erred, 7TU; North-
. * . , —^
I CHICAGO, July Z%— Wheat was quite weak
i at tiie <.i|>*>ni:-.g and ftr tome time after. Llver
1 pool cables thowed a decided sluirip In prices
' in that market, while reports from the North
! west told of more favorable weather. Though
sfiiing premira was not particularly heavy, it
was fcufflclcnt to drive a point % below Satur
day's iigures in the four and a half hours'
trading. But here the decline stopped. Shorts
came into the market to cover at the low
I prices, and though at times the market devel
j oped soft spots, yet on the whole steadiness was
; fchoWu until the last hour's trading. Then the
! r.-..-irkct became strong. Some buying crder«
! came in during the morning from the seabord.
I They were accoini anled by reports of an ini
i pruventent in the export demand and these re
! ports later became the predominating influence
i on trading. Hepurts as to the total engage-
I ments were conflicting, the figures running
from 21 to 60 loads, the report creating a mild
sensation among traders and causing the mar
ket to close at best figures for the day. Trad
j ing was quite active late In the session, shorts
! covering- liberally, and early sellers attempting
to buy back their lines. September opened %<Q
» 8 c lower at 74*i,^74^c. It declined to H%c and
i sold for «-<>me time between that figure and
| 74 1 1 c. then rallied to 75U@"5Vic, where it closed.
; Corn's opening prices were somewhat lower,
\ but the market soon rallied sharply. September
; closed Uo higher at 3S->gC. '
', < -ats were heavy all day. September closed
: Sc lower at 21"ic.
; Provisions were dull and heavy most of the
; morning, but before the close all of the declines
had been recovered. The weakness of wheat
1 and lower hog prices caused some liquidation
' early, but covering took place later when the
1 grain markets developed more strength.
; A feature of the trading was the strength of
> September ribs, which sold T'.jc over-jresterday.
, The cash demand was good and this and small
, local stocks were factors. September pork and
I lard closed unchanged with ril>5 5c higher.
I The lealinjc futures ranced as follows:
! Articles— Open. High. Low. Clos.
! Wheat No. 2—
! June 7?.% 74% 73>i 78U
i August *. 73»i 71V* 734 74^
: September 74% 7514 74^ 7514
1 Corn No. 2—
¦July 3S*4 39% 3SS 8SVi
> Aucust 3S«i, 39% 3R>4 39
' £epi*'r.ber 38V» 3ST» . 33 3»S
j f>ats No. 2—
I July 21% 21T6 2m 21V6
I Ausust 1'IH 21*4 21^ 21H
September 22'^ 22Vi 21»i Ci.%
Mess Perk, per b! —
July 11 57Vi 1170 11574 1179
I September 1162^ 11 77U 11 62 '.4 1175
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6 92«*
j P«ptember 6 72 1 4 6 75 6 72^4 6 75
October 0 75 6 774 6 75' 6 77Va
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
I July 6 971*
I Si'pt»mb«r 6 W^ 7 00 6 92^ 7 00
| October 685 6 92^ 6 85 I 6 92^
| C?.*h quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
I N'o. 3 spring wheat. e9fT7'c; No. 2 red, 76Vi@
i 77W.C: No. 2 corn. 39%0-49%c; No. 2 yellow, 41"jjc:
I No" 2 ost«. 22*ic: No. 2 white, 24^24V4c; No. S
i white. IVu^t-Wtc: No. 2 rye. IVrfWhic; good
i feeding barley, S.'.'flSCo; fair to choice rnaltlnK
: 41846c; No, 1 fiHxseed, $1 SO: prime timothy
' Feed, $3 iO: mess pork, per barrel, $11 70*211 75;
' lard, per 100 pounds. $6 7CK!?6 724; short ribs
; bLIps noose), $6 9<V57 23: dry salted shoulders
I (boxed), short clear sides, J7 4j®7 55; clover.
I contract grade, }S. •
| Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
] Flour, barrels 22.000 27,000
I Wheat, bushels IK'.OCO 116 000
! Corn. Inifihels 265.000 546,000
Oats, bushels 205,000 • 68,000
P.ye. bushels 6,000 23.000
! Parley, bushels.' 2,000 'S.000
rm t!-o Prodi:c^ Kxchange to-day the butter
] market was ensier; creamery, 15019c; dairy. 14
I ftlTc: eggs, dull; fresh, ll^c; cheese, steady;
I 9ViS10'.4c
TO SA1I
Chicago Grain Market.
Charters.
1
The Arufta lo.i£5 lumber rn Pu^t Sounl I
for Valparaiso for ordr-rs. prior to arrival; the |
nrvr.hiiJa. -.vhent at Tseomm for Europe, 4?s. I
prior to irrival; the Carrier Dove, lumber on
Pos«t Bouna fcr Honolulu, prior to arrival; j
th* Carrol ton. coal at Tac-oma tw Kahulul. j
prior to arrival: the Hpsper, lumber at Oh.-- j
mainus for Meiboarne. 0).-. prior m arrival:
the 1:. K. IVood, lumber at P^rt Blake'.ey for ,
llalDhonc Cs, prior to arrival: the Manila. ¦
lumber at Port Gamble for Port Pirio. prior
to arrival: tl-.e H. rn. «h*>.i.t on Pu».-et Soua.l
for Europe, 4C:?. option of Tscmna ioadirs «•?,
cr Portland 41s 3d. i>ri<-r to arrival.
Merchandise for Victoria.
Tr.e steamer C:ty at I*uebla iuJled yesterday
for I'Jctoria with a veaenl carso valued at
$11.^6. manifested up to 3 p. m. ns follows:
For Virtcris, $':•>¦<:. 1- r trin^-innati. SSIS"'. The
rotlowiric wrre the principal it*™*.: I
K 1 Viet iria-W bWs oil, IT sks Iran. C r-V:?'- I
m: Ms: .::"/;, IS c? dry tfo-jiis. 11 Mis pip*. ••< f« I
har4n-sre. dt Tkes macfclBwr. 217 cp fannM i
poods. 147 r*s« rmoeri««. OS "ks malt, IJO ,
•ks bear.?. 133S ft hard wood, 3: cyl gaa. -.0 |
tks V4tumlnoas rock, M os flrted fruit. * Mis
toiler. MOfl lb» sutar. it pk«» meals, l r cs \u*
t.rc.i<3. !5' !-rs fr^.n. «0 lw» ral^lnr. :k* cs fru:t.
T.:. .-?= eva;i i-atfl frtiit. 20 pkfs venotaulef. -•)
Iv- pane, n:"l Tt.s butter, ".<"* arms.
r. f Cincinnati— 1W t\>\* ri.-Kifd cherries.
la tr:i!:>:t fcr Nar.::i:::>-U jikgs household
Weather Report.
CCWta M*-ri.*.!an— Pacific Time.)
FAS' FBAICC1SOO, July 30. 5 p. m.
Tr» Mill maxin-.uni temperatures were
r*r""pd from stations in California to-day:
f:ur>-ka 5* '<-rt* Ange>s ~i
Uount Taniaijais 71 -acramento i-3 I
lodepeodettce '¦'¦ Lais Oblspo 4 ,
Red Biuff 1'2 -an l'iego 0
I'r'-sr.o 104!
fan Francisco -iat?— Maximum tetnpermturn.
O; minin;una. M: mean. ."S.
VTEATHEB OOKDITIOXF AND GENERAL
KOHHt "A ST.
The twetuiure h«F fallen over :h*> northTti
!.:,!f of the Parirlr Sl,.|*. It J:ae a!s.i fallen
over <"a!if :rr.ia. An area of low prts
mre overUe« UatlO. I'tah and Nevada.
r!;r Kmivrsturc- ha* fallen slowly over tiv?
FOuthern ImUI of the i'acifio Sioiw. Over A r e-
BtKi and B^Ktern Washington ihere has- been |
h. rapid riM».
V''C prevail* alcn? the roast of California 1
en.i cfin^iiiorp are favcrab'." fcr the contina
¦ncc of the '.ojr.
N<» rain r»!= fallen wcrt of th»» Rocky Moun
tii.:n>.
jv.rerast rr.a *.* Rt ?»n rran»-iB?o for thirty
boar* ending ;r.i<*.ni?ht. July 31. 1ST*.
Northern California— Cloudy and unsetti'-'i
vrPAXber T-a»>i=.-iay. with beaxy tog aloni? th»
tray.; llcht BOUtberir winds.
Caltfomla— <Soody and UTifettlni
•weather Tu^day. with heavy fog alcn* the
eoat-t: fr.sh v.fstfriy win<ls.
Nr-ada — Cleody Tti^f-day.
ftah— <7Ic-jdy Tu.-?=day.
>r:zona— ci.-udy 1 ues-iay.
Han Frandses and vicinity— Ckm&j «"<* "'¦-
Mlttod woitt-.f-r Tw*A*y. with heavy for: Utllt
Boutberir, cbaaeins U> fresh «re«terly winds.
ALEXANDER C McAKIK.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Xczv York Stock Market.
ygU TORK, July 3?.— The «>to<-k market con
firm*A v*-ry <lull and professirnal to-day, but
;'. - T.t'A cf activity broadent-1 out somewhat
i as to tndade more stock? than In the deal-
Inrs during the lattf-r part of week. The
added <:fe to the trading was on the FeliinK
hid-* and lnrr.ads wer<» made upon values at
point* that have held r<markal>Iy firm up to
the 1 reser.t 'Arr.e. t-ugar and Hnwklyn Transit
wrr« th«> leaders in point nf activity and weak
r.<-.-s. bet a r.umbr of other specialties fan*
forward into a lair degr** of prominence. It
was stiil a market of spe'-iiitifs and railways
wore relatively in the barkpround. Hut there
v.as soir.e addition to the attention paid id
th*m aJto. J_fealir.ps were m>t widely distri
buted In the railroad lift, the pressure against
the few active stock? in that department ap
parently net afT»ctinB the flrm undertone of
th> railroad department as a wh<->le. The
pranpers were mopt affected and Hurlington
was the leader oi the depression with a fall
of IS and practically no recovery- Pt. Paul
fell h. point an<i the d'erease in net earnings
It Jun^ of HS.9M compared with the cor
r^fponding period of last year, was the effec
tive cause of heaviness In ihat stock and In
the Broup. Penr.sylvsr.ia was a point of weaTt
pen tr. ByxnpRtfar with I-on<lon and was sold
duwn 1\. I>ondon Vecarr* weaker on account
of the assassination of King Humbert. The de
presEion in eugar was in evidence fr^m the
outset and apparently due to fhlftins: of pro
fesEior.al altitu.ie or the -racierp. Th^re was re
ports of a pendir.ff s-trike which w»re denied
bv reprer*r.tatives of tlie company and r^p^rts
of approa^hinK comretition by unrenn*-<1 sugars.
Invited by tbc pre-.»-nt hish ievel of prices.
Tf.t'acfo was afff-cted bjr i>rofit-takinp. at
tracted 1 y the recent crins-iderab'e riFe. Brook
lyn Transit was under r^new«l prp«5»jre and
r«Il hark to nfar laft week's low pri^e. carry-
Ir.e; the old Iocs! tractlnn stocks with It. The
eteel croup <lro"j"*d under the unsatisfactor>'
outcome of the <'hlcago conference designed to
rfi-trift pro<luction. Tcnn»i"sw Ooal was active
and w^ak, 'a.\V.:ia an extrrnie thrr-e joints. The
ef'Cks raJ'.ied a p"int. FW-idn-s these points of
¦weaknf-FS !r. s;rf>rial Ftr^ks Fj>ecu!attve Kor.ti
menl is dtetorbed by tho uncertainty rejrard-
Ir.c the money outlook, the growing likelihood
cr considerable derrrafes of net earnlnRS of
railri-ailf. and awakened apprehension rc-trard-
Jnc the cr";>s.
Hterllr.sr txofcans* fc'I a frartlnn further to
eay. raising a OooM whoth»r goM is Ukdr to
n out this we^k. Th» tcne of the money mar
ket remains unrharrped and th» opinions re-
Fard'.ng the future evrr.ts tbere are a good deal
p.iiced. The bund r.arket was dull and prices
wpr* lacUaed to g:o lowor. X'rAf'y PtateF bonds
*¦?-!•« ucchanced at the last call on the ex
chance.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
S.4fiO Atchlson E\
f.i;; Atchison preffl «*%
6 V.0 Baltimore & Ohio 73^
Canadian Paclnc 87
1W Canadian Southern 4S*4
7P0 Ch'sapeak? &.Ohio.../ 2G 1 *
:2fl Ohiraito Orrnt Western 10 7 4
10.4T'» Ch'.CB«-o, I?urllngti:n & Quinsy 1SH
....... Chicago, indianapoliB k Luuisville.. 23
<"hica4ro, Ind &¦ LAOiSTfUa pfd 34
.'...'... Chicago Ac Kastfrn Illinois 85
170 Chicago & Northwestern :;7:4
I S> Chicapo. Kock Island & Pacific lCJ»i
'300 C C C ft St Louis A ESft
I ©C3 CcUira'lo Southern G
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
100 Colrrado South"rn M prefd 16
, Delaware & Hudson HfiVi
TVlaware. Larlta wanna & "Western. 1754
„ r>enver & Hlo Grande 1TH
. .. IVnvr & m> Grande prefd 65 s -
Erie 10*
S2 Trie 1st preM 3H±
20 Oreat Northern prefd 152V*
H<ickin(f Coal lJi*
140 Hocklntr Valley 334
1.54: IlliaolR Central 118%
Jwa Central 19
Iowa Ontrai prefd 4«
Kansas City. Pittfburg & Gulf 15
I^eke Trie A W«Etem 26
Lake Krie & Western prefd SO
Lake Shore 210
S25 Ix>u1«vi!Ie i- Nashville 704
S.Kft Manhattan L M>4
I.fC7 Metro{<lita^ Street Railway 154'/j
TJ* Mexican CVntral 12
200 Kinr.^apo!!* & St Louis 554
!Iinneai»c!t!- & St Louis prefd 92
Missouri Paclnc 494
Mobile & Ohio 37»»
Missouri. Kansas & Texas 10
IPO Mlt-s-uri. Kansas &- Texas prefd.... 304
** N'«"w Jersey central ...128V4
fCJ New York Central 128
200 Norfolk & Western 22!i
NEW YORK. July 30.— FLOUR— Receipts, 2S.
7(0 barrels: exports. SG4S barrels; sales, 7300
packages: market dull' and barely steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 133.S25; exports. 56.1H
bushels; Falt-s, 763.5i)0 bushels, futures: 496,000
exports: spot, easy; No. 2 red. S2%c f. o. i .
afloat; No. 2 red, 7»Wc elevator; No. 1 Northern
puluth. f.4 3 ;,..- f. o. b. ailiat; No. 1 hard Du
luth, M;',c f. o. b. afioat. Options opened weak
and heavy on heavy cables and liquidation,
ruling dull most of the day. In the afternoon
prices rallied a little on export demand. Th->
close was steady at J4fr\c net decline, lattor
on July. July, S0©807-16c, closed at £0o; Sep
tember, 79 ll-ICriSU o-ltic. closed at SG^c: Oc
tober. S0k»SS0?ic. closed at t>v%c; December,
SO 15-16QM- 2 c closed at blHc
HOPS-DulI.
HIDEfrrSteady. !
WOOL—Qulet.
COFKEE-Spct Rio. steadier; No. 7 Invoice.
'H'aW>f: mild, steady; futures closed etead>,
with prices lu to 15 points net higher; saleh,
including July, *s 10; August, JS 10; September,
JS 156S WJ October, jS 25; December, $S 45@S to;
January.' J?> -0; February, $8 uUliS 55; ilarch,
SUGAR— Raw,' -steady; fair refining;, *4*sc;
contrifugal, M test, 4 7 *e; molasses sugar, 4\ic;
roiint'u, Mrong.
UUTTKK— Hecelpts, 11.01? packages; steady;
State dairy, l^'als'sc; creiimery. 17@lSVic;
factory packed. 14*ri:.->ic; imitation. 15tfl7»,ic.
EGGS-^-Receipts, H,ui2 packages; steady;
V> esttrn, at mark. Hi; 13'ic. lor average lots;
Western, loss oir, i;i 2 o_
r>RIi:L> FRUITS.
The week opened with demand only fair for
dried fruits. California dried iruits unchanged.
State of California ilrhd fruits quotations fol
low :
bTATE EVAPORATED APl'LES- Common.
I i-5'«.'c;prlme, o'^^i^c; choice, O^gCHc; fancy.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3'a@7c per
p.^ui.1. as t.) size and quality.
AP11ICOTS— Royal, li;.-Uo; Moorpnrk. ir,<g-17c.
PEACliES— Peeled, 14iilSc; unpeeied. t>4j!>c.
"
ern Pacific, 73'i; Grand Trunk, 614: Anaconda
%'r ¦-»!, r slIve r, firm; 2SVid per ounce. Money
3<;<3^i per cent.
OF THE MARKETS.
Sun rises j;i;
Sun sets
Moon sets 5 ¦;:..
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 30.— Consols. 97 11-18. Sliver,
2S 3-1GU. French Rentes. 93f S7'/4c@99f 73c. Car
goes on passage, rather easier; cargoes No. 1
Stnndard California, 31s 3d; English country
markets, quiet; Import into U. K., wheat, 209,000
quarters; do flour. 240,000 quarters; wheat and
Hour on passage to u. K-. 2,300,000 quarters;
wheat and Hour on passage to Continent. 1,410,
000 quarters; Indian shipments wheat to U. K.,
none.
LIVERPOOL, July 30.— Wheat, easy. No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2d<g'63 2V4d: wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country market?, steady.
CLOSING
LIVERPOOL. July 30.— WHEAT— Spot, easy:
No. 2 red Western winter. 6s 2<1 ; No. 2 Northern
spring. 6s 3d; No. 1 California, 6s l'.jd-iies 2u.
Futures— Quiet; July, nominal; September, 6a
',4d; December. Cs l\id.
CORN— Spot new, easy; old. quiet: American
mixed old, 3a ll^d. Futures — Quiet; September,
3s HUcl: November. 3s UTfed.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., July 30.— Clearings, J33S,
04S; balances. $71,S?6.
Northern Wheat Market.
. OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 30.— Business !n the local
wt^eat market vn^ on a very restricted
scale to-day. Prices gonerally quoted are about
5."c for Walla Walla and Valley and £.sy59c for
Blue Stem. The dock strike is practically over,
and no further delays in business are ex
pected from that quarter.
TACOMA. July 30.— Wheat He lower; Blue
Stem 68c, Club 66c, both for export.
WASHINGTON
TUESDAY, JULY 31
Sun, Moon and Tide.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is firm at a further fractional advance,
with decreased stocks. Cheese continues ex
tremely weak and in heavy supply. Eggs are
firm and slijthtly higher.
BUTTER— „„ .
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 22!?23c; seconds,
20tfj'le
Dairy-Fancy, 20c; good to choice. lS®19c:
common. luigl'Hc.
Creamery tub — 20c per lb.
Pickled roll-20c.
Firkin— 1S1i20c. , at ,_
CHEESE— New. 8@9c; Young America. 9V»«
)r- Kastern 13V.#14M-c: Western. 10©12e per IK
EGGS— Quoted" at 14gi7%c for store and 20®
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, HtefilSc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market was tame and featureless, as
usual on Monday. Prices showed very little
chansei and receipts of most sorts were limited.
Fresh supplies of Mexican Limes are expected
to-day. . \
There are not enough Figs coming: In to quote.
Bartlett Pears seem rather firmer.
Lemons have again advanced.
DEClUl.'OCri HtUIT.S—
! APRICOTS— 25«i35c per box and crate, ana
$1O<&25 rer ton to the canners.
APPLES— 25©40c rer box for common and
r.0c«[$l for good to choice; Crabapples. 20«30c
per small box and WtfiPnc per larte box
PEAHS-Kartletts, 2D(g60c In boxes and $15®
20 rer ton in hulk. , „-„,.
PLUMS— 2»>f« 40c per box and crate and 20tf3oc
per »>ai?ket: in bulk, $10@15 per ton; Prunes -o
©50c per crate and 25S4Oc per basket; tgg
Plums, $10® 15 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES-$2 50® 4 per chest for
large and $3 | §'ti for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $4fl7 per chest.
BLACKBKRKIKS— $2 50<gH per chest.
LOGAN BEUKIES— $6 per chest.
CURRANTS-J1 6O£2 B0 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— €@7c per lb.
FIGS— Nominal; none comlne in.
NECTARINES— White, -40@00c per box; red.
i PEACHES— «0@50c per box and KffSOc per
basket; In carriers. 60®S0c: in bulk. $>@22 oO
per ton for freestone and $20#25 for clings;
Savryer's SeeCllng's. per basket.
GRAPES— Fontainebleau, 25!f«6Oc per crate;
Muscats aOcliU per crate; Seedless, $1'?1 2o per
crate; Sweetwater. 50*560c; black, 60@90c; To-
MELOXS- Nutmegs. 75c®$l 50 per case; Can
taloupes, $1 C0@3 per crate; Watermelons, *S<&-0
per 10O.
« irM'S FHI'ITP - Va!<»nrla«. I»5MB2: lem
ons $1 '50<g2 CO for common and $3'54 50 for good
to choice; Mpxlcan Limes, nominal at $6: Ba
nanas. SI 23?? 2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50®
Z 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There are liberal supplies of old Apples left,
and they are being offered low. Otherwise old
fruit Is pretty thoroughly cleaned up. The de
mand for new fruit continues and the feeline
is firm, with an advance in Peaches. The Gov
ernment reports Apples dropping all over the
country except in New York, with a diminished
crop In consequence.
DRIED WRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, nomi
nal—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples, 8%<MM(O:
sun-dried, 3{?3'£c per lb: Black Flss, l^f^c:
White FIRS. 2G2e; Bleached Plums, "Vic; Un
bleached Plums. 6c for pitted and l>4c for un-
P NEW CROP— Apricots. 6@7%c for Royals and
SV«{n9 l 4c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
tra6c: Peaches, 4Hf?5c for standard. 5Uff8c for
choice and 7c for fancy; Pears, 5«J7*ic; Plums,
pitted. 5® 6c.
RAISUsd — Bleached Thompsons fancy, per
Ib, l(ic; choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, SVic; choloe, 7V4c: standard. 6V4c;
prime 6c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless,
60-n> boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5'^c;
S-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common ahipplns points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8@10c for Standards and 9
011c for sottshells; new Almonds. Il',j'5l2 1 ic
for paper shell. 8H®10"4c for soft and 6@7c for
hardshell. Peanuts, 6i&6MrC for Eastern and
Fb6c for California: Brazil Nuts, 11®12%c; Fil
berts, 12®13c; Pecans, 115?13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50
ffir '
HONEY— Comb, 12f}12Hc for bright and HO
1114 for light amber; water white, 7»4'gr7Hc;
light amber extracted, 6H@6%c; dark. 5isQ6c
Pe UEESWAX-24g26c per To.
Provisions.
More firmness In Hams Is reported and some
dealers an? talking o? an advance. Cutting has
generally ceased. Prices for all descriptions
remain unchanged. ,„„,.„
CUKEL" MEATS— Bacon. 10@10\4c per lb for
heavy 10>A®10He for light medium, ll^c for
light 12H" for extra light and 14^c for sugar
cured Eastern sugar- cured Hai~s. 12^13c;
Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess, fl3; Fam
ilv $14; extra Prime Pork. $15: extra clear. $19;
Mess $16 50; Smoked Beef, 12H'gl3c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
round and S^c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
8*ic- 10-lb tins, W*c; 5-lb tins, 9\c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8 7 /»c; three
half-barrels. 8&C; one tierce. £\c; two tierces,
ji.ic; nve tierces. SHc per Ib.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9Hc;. medium. S«£c; light, 8Hc; Ccw
fcides. S%c; Stags, 6c: Salted Kip. Se; Calf, 9c;
Dry Hides, pound, 15c; culls and brands. 12c;
Dry Kip 15c: Dry Calf, 15c; Sheepskins.-
Sh'-arllnss. 20®30c each; short Wool. Mw50o
each- medium. 60@80c; long Wool. 90c@U 10
each- Horse Hides, »alt. $202 25 for large. $1 75
for mMlum. $1 tor small and EOc for colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 50 for large. $1 ?5 for me
dium, $1 for small and 25®50c for colts. Deer
skins'—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
60c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3c: .refined. SVic: grease. 2®2V4c
WOOL— Sprint? clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 14©15c: Northern defective. 12®
14c-/Mlddle County, free. HfHSc: Middle Coun
ty defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain 1£
months', ll®12c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months' 10@12c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9i511o: Humboldt und Mendoclno,
16<RlSc; Nevada. 13S16c per lb.
Full Clip— San Joaquln Lambs', Sfl9c per lb.
HOPS— Old, nominal at 5jJ10c per lb; new,
10S12c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hoes ari» firm acain, but expected receipts
from the East the latter part of the week tend
to prevent any "Improvement in prices. The
other descriptions are unchanged.
BEEF — 6ij6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7$Sc: small, 9©3Hc per tt>
MUTTON— Wethers, 7V4@8c; ewes, 7&7^c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8V4S9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6c for small, 5%<g;% c for
medium and SVfctfS^c for large; stock Hogs and
feedtrs. 5MsC; dressed Hcgs. 8<gS%e.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Pan Quentin Bags, J5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6@6^c; Wool Bags, 2SH@32Hc;
Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags, 6M(q6%c for
white and Stt<3S»;c for bleached Jute.
COAL— Welllngtcn, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6;
Coos Bay, $5 30; Walisend. $9; Co-operative
Wallsend, $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and
$13 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton in
bulk and $1S In sacks; Rocky Mountain de-
Bcrlptlons, $S 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 SO per
ton, according to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar ReSnlnr Com
pany quotes, per 1b, in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.20c; Powdered.
6 80c; Candy Granulated. o.Soc; Dry Granulated.
6.70c; Confectioners" A. 5.70c; M.-ignoiia A. 5.30c;
Extra C. 5.20c; Golden C, 5.10c: barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more:
60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnoa.
half-barrels. 6.45c; boxes, «.70c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, JULY 20.
Flour, qu sks 1S.55J Butter, ctls ...... 264
Wheat ctls 960 Cheese, ctls 95
Barley, ctls 20.556 Tallow, ctls 24S
Oats, ctls 7.120 Pelts, bdls 85
Rye. ctls 325 j Hides. No 120
Middlings, sks ... Ill Wool, hales 70
Potatoes, sks .... 3,155! Eggs, doz -17,650
Onions, sks 333j\Vine, gals 36,400
Bran, sks 85, Lime, bbls 573
Straw, tons 59; Leather, rolls ... 47
Hay. tons l,035 ! Lumber, m 150
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2,482 Bran. sk3 2,645
Wheat! ctls 1.3 JO Wool, bales 3
Oats, ctls 290
the close as very weak at $12 "5 nominal; lak<«
copper, quiet at $16 50; " tin. lower at $32®
33 25; lead, dull at $3 O7',£@4 02Vi: spelter, quiet
at $4 25((i-4 20. The brokers' price for lead Is
$3 Di and for copper, $16 £0.
Miscellaneous- |Fac KlO&PCo. 22^ -
Tal-st Cab Ss..lH% - S F G & E.... 62 8-^
C C Water 5s.lO6 107 San Francisco. 4?i BVi
Ed X> i' es.l^ — «. <t --- «-^ 1" —
v & ci ny 6S..U5 - » nsu . ral l^r ( , _
Geao'-st It 5s. - 83 Firem's *und.» v — •
H C & S 5%s. — — k Kunk Muck*— .
Do fs . ....".101 - Anglo-Cal Ltd 68 70
L A Ky 5s... .10414105% Bank of t-a£..41O <^
L. A Lt C: O 6s. — — Cal S D & T.. 104ft —
Do gntd 6s.. - - First Natlonl. - 2.8
L- A gnt.l fa... 100 - Lon P & A.... 13tVi -
L A P It It 59. — 10t% Merchants Ex U —
Market-at Cs... — 12S>* Nev Nat Bk-- — 7"
Do 1st M 5S.11SU — Savings Banks—
N C N G It 7s. - — Ger S & L....1SJO —
N It of Cal 6s.ll3 - Hum S & U... — —
Do Ea 117% - Mut Sav Bk.. JU -
N F <J R R Ss.lKl — S F faav «••"*»
Do Ss 106 — Sav & L. So... U 73
N Cal Ry 6s.. 11114 — Sec Sav Bk.... —
Oak O L*H5s.ll«H — Union T Co.... — ~
Oak Tran 6s.. 115% - Street P.allroada
()alc W Co '<*.. — 104 California 1£»
Oceanic S CO..10474105U <5eary-st «{ —
urn c Ky fa-.iz^- iMarket-it..... «3 «*
P & Cl Ky 6S.1W-- — |v> S L & «•••• —
P & O R H 6s. 115 — 1 Presidio ..-....— *-»
Powell-n U fis-12f> — Powder Stocks—
Sac El G&KSs. 9S 100 ICallfomla .-..*•" «;*»
S F & SJV5S.119U120 |Giant Con Cor.. 87 ».%
H K ot Cal lu».lU uLht Vlsorlt 3!i 3}»
S P of A 63...III ¦— I husar ijtocka
a f c i>silMo).w-j 112 IHana S P Co. 8 8^
X>o (1W6) 112 112% I Haw C & S CO Sj
Do (1312) ....119 — Hunokaa h l ; o 31H —
EPRClst KntSs. - - Hutch S P Co .0 -|>. 4
SPBr Us 132 — iKilauea S Pto 13»2 »M
S V Water 63.115% — iMakaweli S Co — _, J; *
Do«9 — 10* lOnomea S Cu !6-» -"*
Do 2<X mtK..lu2 — jPaauhau S Co. jo** •"
Stocktn Oas 6s 99»i — Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assnlli HSU
Contra Costa.. — 68% 1 Cal Fruit Assn — Sj>
Alarm County. CO — I Her Ex As»n. 3. luo
Spring Valley. 94 94H' Oceanic S Co. 92>4 93S
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... I —
Cent G & L. Co — — Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Cent L & P Co — 5V4 Par-Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
Board— „ „
10O Equltable""Ga3 J •*
20 Giant Powder Con 8 ' •»
10 Hawaiian Ooml & Sugar, cash 8. CO
100 Honokaa. B Co 31 2»
20 Oakland Gas, b 10 ./. 50 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co *8 oO
250 Paauhau S P Co 30 7o
17 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 50
23 S V Water »? <> 2V »
3iO Vlsorit Powder 3 37Va
Street—
15 Bank of California «0 00
10 First National Bank 275 00
$30iK> S K & J V Bonds 113 »0
Afternoon Session. „
Board—
25 Honokaa ...., 3125
$10<iO N P C R R 5s Bonds - 106 00
*4000 Oceanic S S Bonds 105 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 30 75
J10W S P of A Bonds HI 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 23
215 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 00
Street —
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 03 Bonds 104 73
100 Vlgorlt 3 37'i
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1M Home Oil -.. 4 "3
ICO American Fuel 35
50 Sterling O & D Co SO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil 4 75
MIXING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornine Session.
100 Chollar 15 100 Potosi 14
100 Con Cal & Va 1 50 200 Savage 13
100 Gould & Curry 22 100 Sierra Nevada 25
300 Occidental 06 EGO Yellow Jacket. 22
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta C6 300 Sierra Nevada 25
200 Gould & Curry 21 100 Silver Hill .... 5I>
300 Justice 09 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
100O Kentuck 01
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornin? Session.
200 Bullion C3 200 Silver Hill .... 35
200 Potosi HI 200 St Louis 15
Afternoon Session.
5"0 Alpha Con 06 2W Mexican 15"
200 Crown Point .. 13 6M) Silver Hill .... 59
300 Could &¦ Curry 21 400 Sliver Hill ... 60
300 Gould & Curry 20 400 Yellow Jacket 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. July 30—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. j Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 M, : Justice OS 03
Alta 05 07, Kentuck 01 02
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash 02 —
lielcher IS lalMexican 14 16
Host & Belcher 19 20 ! Occidental 06 07
Bullion €2 03 Orhir 6T, 66
Caledonia 73 7.V Overman OS 09
Chollar 14 IS Potosi 13 13
Challenge Con. 14 10 Savase 11 13
Confidence Co — Scorpion 02 — ¦
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 SOiSeg; Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — 02'Slerra Nevada. 25 2i>
Con New York — 03 Silver Hill .... S3 61
Eureka Con ... -• 50St Louis — IS
,Crown Point .. 13 14;Standard —4 50
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry 19 21 Union Con IS 20
Hale & Nor.... 20 2111'tah OS 00
Julia — 01 I Yellow Jacket.. 23 24
BEAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
A. P. Hotallng & Co. (corporation) to Clar
ence C. and Edmon C. Burr, Lucy B. Holman
and Mary N. Allyne (wife of John W.). lot on
S line of Union street, U8.10S E of Franklin.
S 137:6, NW 161:4. E«to beginning; $10.
Camilla F. Loyall to Caroline L. Ashe, lot on
S line of Sacramento street. 137:6 W of Bu
channan. W 34:44 by S 132:S«i ; ?10.
Hiberota Savings and Loan Society to Fran
ces Drathman, lot on S line ot Seventeenth
street. 95 W of Howard. W 2~, by S 10O; $23W>.
Martin S. Fechhelmer. Henry Goodkind and
Henry Kronthal to Joseph Haber, lot on E
line of Sansome street, 137:3Vj S of Bush, S
0-10 by E 97; $5.
John and Maria V. Rallard and "William II.
Martin to W. Frank Whtttler, lot on SW line
of Steuart street. JS3:4 SE of Howard, SE 91:3
by SW 273; $10.
Mary McNeil to Georse M. Wescott, lot on
NW line of Shipley <Loui.«a> street, 97:6 NE of
Fourth, NE 20 by NW 80; $10.
Jacob and L.lna Hcyman to Marguerite Mad
den, lot on W line of Thirty-second avenue,
175 S of J street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
John T. and Anna 11. Harris to same, same,
quitclaim deed; $10.
James Stone to Jenny F. Coordt (Stone), lot
on SE line of Madrid street, 137:4 NE of Ama
zon. .NE 25 by SE l"0, lot 2. block 41, Excelsior
Homestead, quitclaim deed: 110.
William Hart to Emily Hart, lot on W line
of Victoria street. 250 N of Sherman. N 23 by
W 100, block 34. City Land Association; gift.
Same to Harriet R. Chappelle. lot on W line
of Victoria street, 275 N of Sherman N 25 by
W 100. block 34, same; gift.
Same to Mary F. and Arthur H. Hart lot on
N line of Sadowa street. 465 E of Orizaba E 5i!
by N 123, lot 9, block F, P.allroad Homestead
Association, or lota 13 and 20. block F, Rail
road Homestead Association No. 2; gift.
Alameda County.
John O'Gara (and as attorney). James and
Domlniek O'Gara (by John O'Oara, attorney)
to MagKle Evans, lot on NW line of Third
street. SO E of Myrtle, E 25 by N 94. being the
W 5 feet of lot 6 and E 20 feet of lot 7 block
4S2, on Map of Hardy's Addition to Adeline and
Market-street Homestead, Oakland- $70
Hettie Stelter to Caroline Liske'r (wife of
A. A.). lot on NE line of East Sixteenth street
1".2 NW of Thirteenth avenue. NE 120 SF 2
NE 20, NW 50, SW 150. SE 48 to be-innine
block 89, Clinton. East Oakland: Rift.
Adolph and Maud E. Zels to li. D." Winters
lot on E line of Park avenue. 125 19 N of East
Tenth street, N 25 by E 100. being lot 8 block
C. Knowles and Potter's subdivision of K>n
nedy Tract, East Oakland; $10
Jennie Bray to William J. Bray lot on SW
corner of East Twenty-second street and Tw'en
ty-flr&t avenue. W 102:6 by S 31, being a portion
of lots 24 to 27. block 6.8. Map of Northern Art
dltion to Brooklyn. East Oakland; $10?
Homestead Loan Association to Don Jinn
Smale. lot on N line of manning way- « w
of Fourth street. W 10 by N IV) beine lot li
block 12S. Kaymond Tract. Berkeley; $1'X
Builders' Contracts.
Frank Martin (owner) with J. A Butcher
(contractor and I arch!tect)-All work for T two
story frame buiMine, fence and barn on W itn»
of Eighteenth avenue. ISO N of I sireet- J3i« ne
California Barrel Company (corno™,^ x
(owner) with Geor K e Davis & Sow fco^t™ }
tors)-To move buildings from p^nt^Ft- «n
block bounded by Humboldt Ill'nola v»5 %
and Michigan streets to property of said ?!*
pany located between Illinois ami Mich£T'
streets, S of Twenty-second aiid to set
thereon the said buildings and make such rt P
pairs as may be necessary- $2050. re "
Maria JCebrian (wife of J. c ) (owierl k T
M. A. de Laveatra (attorney) wlih Ovrl Fl, y
(contractor), architect R. H White^«ST ? e
work including excavating clearw\5 Z , ,
and twisted iron, for two-itor? brick buHdln'
with concrete foundations on N? m ™,1
Mission and Fremont streets. E mfs by X m-6
specified, tinning, glazing, stairs, galvanized
fr^me^« erl T' PatnUnS
pl a e?t a SSSrf^&U:
White-Mason, brick and st,'m e workfwreughi
and cast iron and steel girders for a two™ tory
brkk building on lot on NE corner of Mission
and Fremont streets; E 137:6 by N 137:6; $ 14W
Dr Arnold Genthe (owner) with Bietch &
I>anslnR (contractors). architects Tharp &
Holmes— Alterations and additions for a two
story and basement frame dwelling on lot on
£ !i? e ,-°L, S i ltter 8tre et. 21:10 E of Jones, E 21
by rJ 6.»; f _ IT! 1 .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 31, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
8
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. July 30.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as fol
lows: rears— Bartletts, 60cig$2 20. box. 50o(&'$l
half box. Peaches— Early Crawfords. SGcfg'Jl 10
boxN Foster, 50^8«c. Plums— Burbanks, 93c<?
H 35 single crate; Columbia. 65®$1 45; Satsuma,
c:.G90c; Egg. 70QJ1 40; Ogon, 50<Jt?0e; Bradshaw.
Cf>crfZ$l C5; Kelscy Japans, G0c@$l 73;. Wlckson,
VCc'ri-Sl 25. Prunes— Gros, ' 90c@$l 50; German,
TOcfftl; Silver, averaged Jl 10; Tragedy, 601®
n 05.
Twenty-one cars fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO, July 30.— rThe Earl Fruit Com
pnr.y's sales of California fruit were as follows:
i'cars— Bartletts, ?1 2C&1 T.n Ijox, 9.'c half box;
Hardy, average $l 20 box. Peaches— Early
Crawfords. : t«ici<$l 15 box; Foster. 4Dcf(-$l "J;
Decker. DSciyn 15; Tuscan Cllnr. average 7<»e
l>ox; Suwiuohanna, $1 ISSil 30; jlarys Choice,
II Oifil 15; Reeves, nveragv $1 15. Plums—
Uonum. average $1 13 single crate: Eke, &0»g:
II 30; Kelscy Japans. $1 i:,<Sl 2); Cohimlila, 'J">c
¦Sill :.".->; l*urple Hume. «l 10©I 23; Uradshaw.
?1 13; Wlckson, 60c@fl'S0. Prunes —
Bulgarian, average ?1 30 ringlt* crate; Hun
garian, $1 154/1 50; German. $1 lYv\ 25; Tragedy.
•«1 25£fl 50; Grog,' $1 SOifl 50; Silver. $1 15<jjl 20.
'jrapej — Kontatntbleau.. DOcJTil 10 single cra.te;
Malaga, . $1 40SJ2 05. Nectarines— So&DSc single
crate.
Thirteen cars fmlt sold to-day.
There was a fair business In local securities
en the morning session of. the Bond Exchange
Gas and Electric declined to $52 50 and Giant
Powder to JS7 75. Spring Valley Water sold
up to $94 62','~.
The oil stocks were quiet.
Gas and Electric continued to shrink In the
afternoon, selling down to £>2. - ¦ « ';
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, July SO— 2 p. m .
• • Bid. Ask. Bid ask'
U S Bonds— Eqult G L, Co 3% '3%
4 s quar coup..ll5%116»£ Mutual Kl Co. «^ u
4s do retr". 115»illt>>4 O G L & H... 4D% 50
4s do cp now.li»H134V» Pac Gas Imp.. — sou
2s auar coup..H0^in Pac Li Co Uft —
Uranch Hydrographic Office. V. S. N-. Mer
, chant*' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal
July 30, 1900.
Toe time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
T1 „ CO. CALKIN'S.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. la charge.
Time Ball.
.NOTE— In the above exposition of. the ltdf-t
the early morning tidis are given In t.V !ef:
hand column and the successive tide* n? th-,
day 'n the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
pecond time column gives the second ti.:e o(
the (Jay, the third time column the third ;•»•>
and the last or rl?ht hand column g'.v»s »hr»
last tide of the day. except when th»re \r* b\it
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th« h<>lsrh-*
given are In addition to the soundings on tr»
United State* Ccast Surrey charts. r*.r°; (
when a minus sign (— > precedes th* h?:*hr.
and then the number iflven Is subtracted from
the depth *lven by the charts. The plane i*
reference \n t*i** m**3*i of ?h<* To^v*^ "o^v ffif»r«.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surv» y _
Times and Helzhta of Hich aart i,. w
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to S ,
Francisco Bay. Published by official ay.'
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur a .
the city front (Mission-street wharfl aboQi
twenty-five minutes later than at Kort 'Point 1
the height of tide Is the same a both placta!
Steamer Movements.
Silver doing better. Exchange as before.
Wheat dull and weaker. Barley steady.
Oats quieter. Com unsettled. Rye dull.
1 1 ax and Feed stuffs unchanged.
Potatoes and Vegetables in good supply.
Butter a;;d Eggs quoted firm. Cheese depressed.
A ear of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Fruit market quiet and featureless.
Dried Apples in good supply.
Hams firmer, with talk of an advance.
Hogs show more firmness.
California Fruit Sales.
TO ARRIVE.
ITlroei iTlme:
t>
irr^r-: Ft. — —
l»
|H TV L. TV!
i H
SI .
1 .
t .
3 .
4 .
. 2:15k 4.2 7::5
. 8:C8 S.8| 8:K'
. 4:13 3.SI 9:00(
. 5:30 3.4 9:44;
. 6:'»3 3.4 10:12''
1.4 I
1.9 :
2.3 -
2.6 .
:.» :
3-c:
3:3:
4:0
4:4
at
I
I!
.'3
il m [H \vj
IL.
. 1:4S' 0.4 9:0a!
S.2
Stftmer. I Fro
3m.
City of Sydney. |N>w York..
nontta IVewport
Walla ¦Walla... {Victoria
Projrreso iTacoma
U'ashtenaw ITacoma
North Fork Humbnldt...
Crescent Clty...!Cre«icent Clt
Grace Dollar lOray* Hart*
Eurrka IHumholdt...
Xewhurer 'San Pedro...
ty'.'. .',
¦or
Fanta P.osa iP.an DIesro...
Columbia 'Portland
City of Peking. IChina and J
Point Arena 'Point Arena
Titania !Nar.n:mn....
r\.i-.v n t r . . . -. v . ' i -
Orizaba IHumboMt...
Urnatllla j Victoria.
Cocs Hay
Steamer.
j n^stlnatlon
C
Empire ....
Crrona
-i
.|Coc3 Bay
..Pan I'leiro
...|ju!y
...!Au»r.
Arcata
Sta'e Cal..
. 'Cons Bay
. ! Portland
!..]Au*.
..'Auk.
OrlzaM ....!
JHurnhnMt....
..'Autr.
Del Norte .
. ! Portland
,!Itumb.-:ldt
...!.\u(r.
|
Czarina
Amer. Maru
Bonlta ....
Walla W...
IS^attle
1 China AJapa
;[Xwpafi
. 'Victoria
..Aus.
in;Au*.
JAu;.
..'Aup.
3.
3,
.1.
4
»wburs ..
nr Aug.
4
Panra Rosa
I'Pan D(»tn
J KimKall
North Fork
r'H»mV>I1t
P-nrcW-i
l1nmY*\1At
j-.ureita .
!Pr>!nt Arpna.
rolumWa . .
.'N'ewpirt
..IAujt.
J. Kimba'.t.
'.'.'Axis:'.
Steamer.
j n^stlnatlon
C
Empire ....
Crrona
-i
.|Coc3 Bay
..Pan I'leiro
...|ju!y
...!Au»r.
Arcata
Sta'e Cal..
. 'Cons Bay
. ! Portland
!..]Au*.
..'Auk.
OrlzaM ....!
JHurnhnMt....
..'Autr.
Del Norte .
. ! Portland
,!Itumb.-:ldt
...!.\u(r.
|
Czarina
Amer. Maru
Bonlta ....
Walla W...
IS^attle
1 China AJapa
;[Xwpafi
. 'Victoria
..Aus.
in;Au*.
JAu;.
..'Aup.
3.
3,
.1.
4
»wburs ..
nr Aug.
4
Panra Rosa
I'Pan D(»tn
J KimKall
North Fork
r'H»mV>I1t
P-nrcW-i
l1nmY*\1At
j-.ureita .
!Pr>!nt Arpna.
rolumWa . .
.'N'ewpirt
..IAujt.
J. Kimba'.t.
'.'.'Axis:'.
Stftmer. I Fro
3m.
City of Sydney. |N>w York..
nontta IVewport
Walla ¦Walla... {Victoria
Projrreso iTacoma
U'ashtenaw ITacoma
North Fork Humbnldt...
Crescent Clty...!Cre«icent Clt
Grace Dollar lOray* Hart*
Eurrka IHumholdt...
Xewhurer 'San Pedro...
ty'.'. .',
¦or
Fanta P.osa iP.an DIesro...
Columbia 'Portland
City of Peking. IChina and J
Point Arena 'Point Arena
Titania !Nar.n:mn....
r\.i-.v n t r . . . -. v . ' i -
Orizaba IHumboMt...
Urnatllla j Victoria.
Cocs Hay
ITlroei iTlme:
t>
irr^r-: Ft. — —
l»
|H TV L. TV!
i H
SI .
1 .
t .
3 .
4 .
. 2:15k 4.2 7::5
. 8:C8 S.8| 8:K'
. 4:13 3.SI 9:00(
. 5:30 3.4 9:44;
. 6:'»3 3.4 10:12''
1.4 I
1.9 :
2.3 -
2.6 .
:.» :
3-c:
3:3:
4:0
4:4
at
I
I!
.'3
il m [H \vj
IL.
. 1:4S' 0.4 9:0a!
S.2Long Communication Is Referred to
the Official Who Made the
Original Charges.
A long communication from the Board
of Health was read at yesterday's meet
ing of the Board of Supervisors, In which
the former body enters a denial of the
statements made by Supervisor McCarthy
regarding Us course during the recent
plague scare. The communication deals
with two specific charges made by Mc-
Carthy. The first, that the Board of
Health had expended the city's money In
cleaning private premises, is denied. The
second charge, that the Board had been
guilty of double dealing in forcing the
merchants to donate the funds to estab
lish the quarantine without informing
them that the State Board of Health had
been rendered powerless by the refusal 01
Governor Gage to allow It the use of State
funds In quarantining the city, is also de
nied by the board. It is alleged that such
action on the part of the Governor was
not known to the members of the board.
After the communication had been read
Reed moved that the communication be
referred to McCarthy himself. After a
motion to postpone indefinitely had been
lost the motion to refer to McCarthy pre
vailed. ,
HEALTH BOARD ANSWERS
SUPERVISOR MCCARTHY
Public Administrator Claims Eight
to Take Effects of Deceased'
Persons at Any Time.
Last nifrht Public Administrator P. Bo
land made a demand on the Coroner's
office for the property of August Schwad
erer, deceased. As no special adminis
trator has yet been named by the court3
Chief Deputy McCormack refused to de
liver the effects and his action is likely
to bring to aji issue the question of the
legal rights of each official with regard
to the property of Morgue subjects.
It has been the rule at the Morgue to
deliver no property to the Public Admin
istrator until he has been regularly ap
pointed by the courts to manage the af
fairs of the deceased person. Boland iu
slsts that he has th*» right to claim any
property, even before letters of admin
istration are taken out.
PROPERTY OF MORGUE
SUBJECTS IN DISPUTE
— -' "
Maloney Knocked Out
NEW YORK, July 20.— Patsy Sweeney
of Manchester won from Jim Maloney of
Ireland In the fourtn round cf a fierce
fight at the Sampson Athletic Club. Brook
lyn to-night. In the fourth round Swee
ney' dropped Maloney six times with right
handers en the jaw. Maloney'* seconds.
seeing their man was beaten, threw up
the sponge.
HARTFORD. July »\— G«"ir5e B. TMck
inson of the Atlanta Journal, a friend of
Charles H. Hoyt. has employed Juds»
William Henney to protect the Interest of
Mr Hoyt.. who was confined against ta
will in the retreat for Insane here. Judge
Henney made application before Judge
of Probate Freeman this afternoon for a
revocation of the decree committing Hoyt
to the Institution, on the ground that the
incarceration had been obtained by fraud
and deceit.
Judg" Freeman issued an order | culns
the authorities of the institution to pro
duce Mr. Hoyt In the probate court to
morrow afternoon, when testimony will
be submitted as t« the manner In which
Mr Hoyt was brought to Hartford anct
his commitment obtained. A flr.zen or
more prominent citizens of Charleston.
N H Mr Hoyt's home, are In the city
to-night and th«-y will ad.i to Mr H^Vt'a
testimony that he was unaware of the in
tent of those who brought him to thla city
and obtained his confinement.
Burial of TJr. Harris.
SALINAS. July 30.-Dr. A. T. H.irrta
of San Francisco, who. a« the result of a
broken heart, due to the crime of his son
and the death of his wife, committed sui
cide in this city Thursday, was buried this
afternoon. Coroner Miller received word
last evening from the dead man 3 son.
Y*'ayne. who Is Id the San Francisco JaiJ.
requesting that his father be buried with
as little expense as possible. The letter
stated that when he (Wayne) sot out oS
trouble he could have the remains ex
humed and taken to San Francisco to bo
cremated.
Secure Sis Release From tlie
Friends of the Playwright Hope to
HOYT CLAIMS HE WAS
CONFINED AGAINST HIS WILL
Annual Session Will Be Held in Red
Men's Hall Next Month — The
Officers.
The Grand Hospitiurn of California cf
the Bohemians of America will meet in
annual session in this city on Wednesday,
August 15. Quarters have been engaged
in the Red Men's building on Post street
and the members of the San Francisco
Hospitium are making extensive prepara
tions to entertain the visiting delegates.
The present officers of the Grand Hos
pitium are as follows: Past grand chief
host. T. J. Crowley, San Francisco; grand
chief host. Emmet Phillips, Sacramento;
assistant grand chief host, Miles Doodv,
Oakland; grand recording host. W. F.
Conolley. San Francisco: grand host of
exchequer. H. J. Edwards, San Jose;
grand builder, H. I. Kowalsky, San Fran
cisco; grand prior, Emilio Lastreto. San
trancisco; grand host eloquent, F. D.
Brandon, San Francisco; grand marshal.
J. T. Brannan, Oakland; grand host cf
Inner gate. II. C. Vandenberg, Sacra
mento: grand host of outer gate. C. W".
Kohl. Oakland; grand controlling hosts,
George Egan of Sacramento, F. C. San
ford of San Jose and A. C. Berthier of
San Francisco.
GRAND HOSPITIUM OF THE
BOHEMIANS OF AMERICA
Football Manager Gildersleeve Re
turns From the East With New
Ideas Concerning Training.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 30.—
Interest In Stanford athletics for the
coming year was revived to-day by the
return of Football Manager J. Burt Gil
dersleeve from an extended tour of the
East. The object of his trip was to ar
range for a game with the Princeton
eleven for the coming season and inciden
tally to Investigate the training facilities
of the Eastern colleges. The prospects of
securing a game with Princeton, to be
played soon after the close of the local
season, are exceedingly bright, as Prince
ton was only prevented from making the
trip last year bv financial difficulties,
which Manager Gildersleeve says will In
no way interfere with a game this year.
He anticipates no trouble in securing the
consent of the Princeton faculty and is
confident that the men will be eager to
come.
That Stanford Is held in high esteem
throughout the East was proved by the
fine treatment which was accorded Man
ager Gildersleeve while on his trip. He
was particularly well pleased with the
cordial manner with which his proposal
to send a Stanford track team East In
1902 was received. Such a trip could un
doubtedly be made a financial success.
Manager Gildersleeve speaks very highly
of Coach Yo3t. whom he met at Pittsburgh
and savs that he possesses the qualities
of a gentleman, besides being a man of
extraordinary physical strength and a
good general on the football field. Yost
will arrive at Stanford late in August. In
order to be on hand at the opening of the
season. To many the most gratifying
news of the trip will be that "Doc" Mur
phy has been secured to train the Stan
ford athletes next year. His selection Is
due. to his admirable work last year and
the fact that he is now perfectly familiar
with all the old men. .
Manager Gildersleeve returns with a
great deal of Information concerning
Eastern training quarters, which will be
of value in the final work of drawing up
the plans for the Quarters here. He con
siders Houston Hall, at the University of
Pennsylvania, the superior of any Eastern
training house, and would like to see some
of Its arrangements followed in the pro
posed plans for Stanford. It Is early to
make any estimates of Stanford's football
prospects for next year. The usual num
ber of- "stars" are under cover, and It !s
to be hoped that some of them may be
pecured. Captain "Babe" Burnett ha?
been spending the summer In the Yosem
lte and Is sure to return In excellent con
ditfon. De Forest, the veteran puard. was
seen on the campus recently, and ex
gressed himself as being confident of
tanford's success this fall.
TO BOLSTER ATHLETICS
AT STANFORD UNIVERSITY
So Ho Mon and Lou Fook were held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Jud'e Cabaniss yesterday on a charare of
murder without bail. They are accused
of killing Wong Yueng in Chinatown on
January « last. Their preliminary «am-
IrfaOon was originally held before Judge
Conlan but owing to two witnesses from
San Jose swearing to an alibi the Judgs
dismissed the case. W,n the^police
learned that the two witnesses from San
Jose had perjured themselves the Chi
nese were again arrest«?<J.
Held for Murder.
It Was Taken TJp for Agricultural
Purposes and Mineral Iteposits
Were Found.
Judjra Beatty In the I'nited States Cir
cuit Court yesterday ordered a decree in
favor of the defendant in the suit of the
United States against Job Pettit. an
action to vacate an agricultural land pat
ent issued to J. Claiborne for a tract near
the town of Plymouth in Amador County.
The complaint averred thai the patent
was obtained through the false represen
tation that the land was more valuable
for agricultural purposes than for min
erals, and In proof of this averment the
fact was cited that the mother lode of
the Amador County mines runs through
the land. Ex-Judge Curtis H. Lindley
appeared for Fettit and proved to the
satisfaction of the court that at the time
the patent was applied for and after it
•was obtained the land was used for agri
cultural purposes, and he argued that the
fact that mineral was afterward discov
ered on the land did not necessarily Bhow
that fraudulent representation had been
made.
PETTIT'S LAND PATENT
IS HELD TO BE VALID
Bail for Rathbone.
HAVANA. July 30.—Estes G. Rathbone.
former director, of posts, now under- ar
rest on a charge of fraud, furnished ball
this evening, Renor Lopez, a wealthy
Spaniard, going on his bond. Several
Spanish merchants came forward and of
fered to provide the necessary security.
Fpecial IMspatch to The Call.
MARYSVIL-LE, July 30.— During the
temporary absence of the proprietor of
Stafford's store at Live Oak yesterday a
thief secured $700 from the safe and es
caped. This morning Mr. Stafford found
the money In a box In the yard at the
rear of the store. | The thief evidently re
turned the money, fearing- prosecution.
CONSCIENCE STRICKEN
THIEF RETURNS MONEY
How Two Miners-Lost in the Alaskan
Wilds Sustained Life Until
Rescued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, July 30.— Hoot owl
fricassee and dog steak. That Is the bill
of fare which Frank Brackett and Irvie
Meads have been recently discussing on
their way into the Koyukuk country from
Fort Yukon. Besides the viands men
tioned, they had ozone and water from
the swamps, while the mosqultos kept
them from getting the scurvy for lack or
exercise.
Brackett and Meads left Skajruay rthis
spring and traveled in a peterboro to Fort
Yukon. There they bought two horses
and took the trail across the seventy-five,
mile swamp to Kovukuk. The men wer<»
lost in the swamp, and after some tlma
the horses succumbed to hardships and
died. They left the horses and endeav
ored to reach a trail, but only got deeper
into the wilderness.
Whon their food gave out they killed
and ate their dog», and then came a pe
riod of thirty-six hours' starvation. Then
an owl was shot and this fed them until
they were found by a miner named Stew
art, who led them to his camp, sixty
miles away. Here they recuperated an«
went on to Koyukuk, where they are
prospecting-.
HOOT OWL FRICASSEE
AND DOG STEAKS
Will Box Twenty-Five Hounds Be
fore the Twentieth Century-
Club in August,
NEW YORK. July 2O.-James J. Corbett
and Charles (Kid) McCoy have been
matched to fight twenty-five rounds be
fore the Twentieth Century Club in Madi
sor.-square Garden in the last week" qt
August. This announcement was made
from the garden arena to-night just be
fore the McFadden-O'Brten bout, and it
occasioned an unusual amount of interest.
Corbett and McCoy have been talking
at each other for a long time. A match
between them was announced several
wef-ks ago, but Corbett promptly denied
it. Then there was quiet and finally they
met a few nights ago in Corbeit's saloon,
where a wordy combat enlivened matters
for a time, ending in the ejectment of the
Kid. McCoy, suffering from the affront,
and not being, as he himself put it, "a
bar room brawler," let himself out with
*ho following telegram, which reached
Corfcett in the course of time:
"I have posted $2500 with Al. Smith to
fight you at your own terms before Sep
tember 1. If you are not a coward
cover it. KID McCOY."
The former heavyweight champion was
enraged, and declared that although he
had barred all men but Jeffries he would
fight McCoy before the Twentieth Century
Ciub, provided there was money enough in
the proposition the club might submit.
Evidently the club has met Corbett'a
wishes in a. satisfactory way. because of
the announcement which the manager
was able to make to-night. Corbett asked
for sixty per cent of the gate receipts.
CORBETT AND MX0Y
HAVE BEEN MATCHED
seeks to enjoin the Fire Commission from
awarding contracts for shoeing depart
ment horses to John O'Rourke. Crowley
was called as an expert to testify a* to
the number of bar shoes required, in his
opinion, by the department. He said that
even when he was shoeing the horses he
did not use as many bar shoes as was
necessary towird the last, "as his con
tract wa"«« to expire in June."
"Is it a fact that you did not use the re
quired number cf bar shoes for the sole
reason that your contract was about to
expire?" asked Judee Hebbard.
"That's about the size of it," answered
Crowley. and cnmimiing he said that
when horses were brought in for shoeing
he put the plain shoes on if they had been
wearing that kind, even though the con
dition of their feet warranted bar shoes.
This testimony was intended to aid
O'Rourke's side of the controversy, but
what effect it will have remains to be
seen.
Fire Commissioner J. C. McKinstry was
also a witness, and although admitting
that he was not politically friendly with
Kennedy, the plaintiff, he asserted that
he gave his vote to award the contract
to O'Rourke because he was the lowest
bidder. The case goes on again to-day.
Horseshoer Crowley Makes Admis
sion Before Judge Hebbard
That Surprised Court.
Timothy J. Crowley, the veteran horse
shoer, was the most interesting witness
on the stand yesterday during the hearing
of the action l>y which J. F. Kennedy
USED PLAIN WHEN BAR
SHOES WERE NECESSARY
Maud S; T. J. McHuah's Maid or
the 11111 vs. Connell Brothers" Good-
Ey; J. Dean's Gallant vs. J. Byrnes'
Olympus; C. E. Hollar. Ts Admiral Dewey vs.
F. McOornb's Motto; T. J. McHugh's Moss
Ros<? vs. C. Grau's Martha Washington: J.
Linehan's Racine vs. Jeff Martenett's Bernai
Boy; F. McComb's Patriot vs. D. Byrnes'
Mollie Hosan: J. Maher's Swedish vs. G. N'eth
ercotfs Freda C: F. Schou'3 Kings Borderer
vs. W. Cairn's Imperial: P. Brophy's Benicia
Boy vs. L. F Barters Best Bargain: W. H.
Shear's Ben B vs. J. R. Smiths Victor Queen:
Russell. Allen & Wilson's LaJy Emma vs. J.
W. Heintz's Coquet: li. L. Taylor's Beauty
Spot vs Maher <st Reid's Uncle Fuller; F. Mc-
Comb's Little Sister vs. Connell Bros.' Clover;
Pterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist vs. W. McCaff
rey's Flving Faster; T. Logan's Miss Grizzle
vs. Jeft Martenett's Bill Foster; J. Sesg*>rson's
Gold Hill vs. Lande & Gerber's Mount Ida
J. Smith's Master Workman v?. J. Suttcn's
Glen Anne; J. Maher's Emma M vs. A. John
son's Bald Eagle; Kay Bros' Dudley Diamond
vs. E. M. Kellogg's Hummer; Connell Bros.'
St. Helen vs. Sterl & Knowles' Olita; Ru?seil.
Allen & Wilson's Mis* Wilson vs. Sullivan &
Trainer's Caatle Island Boy: Kay Bro«.' Haw
ker vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy Rex; W. C.
Glasson's Santonin vs. F. Herring's St. Elmo:
George Sharman's Wait a Bit vs. D. Toland's
Twilleht Jr.; J. Diion's Lady Bess vs. J.
Byrnes' Eleven Spot; J. Caveney's Juliet vs..
J. Carroll's Erin's Hope; J. Linehan'a Lollta
vs. >». P. Whiting's St. Anthony: J. W.
Heintz's High Jinks vs. Connell Bros.' Seno
rita; T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R vs. Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Sea Breeze; A. Johnson's Tod
Ploan vs. Walsh & Heenan's' Sacramento Bey;
W. Murphy's Crawford Lass vs. Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Julius Caesar.
Thursday's special reserve stake draw — R.
Roberts' Lady Hulda vs. J. Carroll's Bluestcne:
A. M Kelloggr's Lady Gllmore vs. L. F. Bar
tel's Broken Bracelet; P. J. Reilly's Moon
bright vs Russell. Wilson * Allen's Scotland
Yet; J. J. Edmond's Go On vs. A. L. Austin's
Nbrah Laurence: L. F. Barter* Banner Bright
vs. J. H. Perlg-o's Penrwsrant; R. Roberts'
Rosamonds vs. J. McCormach's Proud B»auty;
Russell. Wilson & Allerrs Wedding Bells vs.
Pterl & Knowies' Tnggy Pay; J. Charlton &
Son's Temple vs. H. Lynch's Claiborn*: F.
Coon««y's Modesty vs. H. Thuener's Gallivant:
J. Byrne's Master BIjr vs. George Sharman's
St. Ives; F. Schcu's Smu^jrler vs. V. Dillon's
Europa; J. H. Periso's Lady Daveasort vs.
George Sharman's- Annie Lawrence; H. H.
Gray's Commander vs. W. Delaney's Oriole;
W. J. Dow-fling's Mountain Belle ts. F.
Cooneys Sweet Favordale; J. McConnack's
Black Daisy vs. J. Carroll's Red Hind: L. F.
Barters Baron Blood vs. H. H. Gray's Ban
nockburn: T. A. GafTney's Plr John Arnott vs.
K. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold; P. Reilly's
Master Mack vs. T. R. Barry's Uncle X»d:
George Buehn's Monogram vs. J. Potter's Re
mus; J. J. EJaaond's Whisky Hill vs. B. F.
Jackson's Cra« Joncenscn; Pterl & Knowles'
Blue MJst vs. A. Masspy's Hadiwist: W.. Kai
ser's Richard vs. J. H. W. Muller*s Cruiser;
M. Mlchilicki's Terronite vs. George Reddy'«
Silver Button: P. Stelnhart's Veto vs. D. Dil
lon's Prince G«ort;e; J. Dean's Little Conn vs.
F. Jones' Lavlman; G. Welch's Little Lucy
vs. J. Holtien's Scottish Chief: J. Dempsey's
J!cgl<? Bell." vs. A. L. Austin's Thorndale; J.
H. W. Muller*s Terroua vs. Curtis & Son's
War Eagle; Welch & Heenan's Grattan vs. P.
Reilly's Expense; H. Lynch* a Cotton Ball vs.
Condray & Rousrht's Nightlnsrale: Kelly &
Handley's Baby King vs. J. Martinetfs Sally
Brass: Curtis & Son's Warpath vs. B. F. Jack
son's Turquoise. ,
. Coursing will begin both days after the
arrival of the 10:li a. m. train.
Midweek Coursing of Ingleside As
sociation Draws Out Number
of Good Dogs.
The Ingleside Coursing Association held
its drawings last night for the two mid
week stakes, at Pythian Castle. Both
stakes will be run at San Mateo Park, one
to-morrow and the other on Thursday.
The results of the drawings follow:
Wednesday midweek reserve stake draw —
D. SUva's Re- Annex vs>. Curtis & Sons"
TWO EXCELLENT STAKES
FOR SAN MATEO PARK
"MIKE" COKLUJ-S, EOXING INSTRUCTOR OF ARGENTINE
KA"\ A"L CARETS.
mIKB COLLINS, the popular
Olympic Club athlete, who left
this city thirteen months ago on
the Argentine training ship Presi
dents Sarmiento as athletic instructor,
has returned to this city, after completing
a circle of the globe.
Collins has an interesting tale to tell
about his work with the young naval stu
dents of the South American republic.
None of them had ever felt the impact of
a boxing glove until he took them in hand.
They were likewise uneducated in all the
gymnastic exercises that make a part of
the daily life of the average young Ameri
can. "But in the twelve months trip
around the world this score of Argentine
cadets learned much, and now they can
duck, crosscounter. swing and guard as
though to th.-> manner born.
The physical training which Collins pre
scribed for the South American embryonic
naval warriors consisted of boxing, deck
racing, basket-ball and bag-punching.
For two hours every day he instructed
the tvros in the various branches of the
work. In midocean or in harbor, his daily
routine work was conducted with steady
earnestness. The result of it all is that
Collins is wanted very much by the Ar
gentine Government, and he will return
there in a few months.
Collins' trip was ideal and the pleasure
of it was augmented by the splendid and
courteous treatment he received at the
hands of his pupils. He was one of them
in all their rambles and jaunts in foreign
cities, at all times enjoying the hospitality
tendered the captain and officers.
Leaving 1 San Francisco, the Presidents
Sarmiento steamed to Honolylu, Japan,
China, India, Ceylon, Arabia, Egypt,
Greece, Italy, Austria, France, Algiers,
Spain. Madeira Inlands. Venezuela. Cuba
and New York. Five to lifteen days were
spent in all the large cities at which the
snip stopped and very few cities of any
consequence to the general tourist were
omitted.
Wh"n Collins left the Presidente Sar
miento in New York he was specially en
tertained and was made to promise that
he would visit the South America republic
within a few months.
One mile and twenty yards' — Blenheim won.
Old Fox second. Aberegate third. Time, 1:45^4.
Mile and a sixteenth— C!ara Wooley won, Tony
Honlg secend, Peter Duryea third.' Time. 1:47^4.
Jim Conway ran third but was disqualified for
currying short weight.
One mile — ZV?nne won, Thomas Carey second.
Prince Wilhelm third. Time, 1:42%.
Five and a half furlongs — Miss Aubrey won.
Jam Nap second, Dolly Wagner third. Time,
1:03*4.
Seven and a half furlongs — Beguile won,
Chappaqua second, Macy third. Time. 1:35.
Six furlongs— Alcaskay won, Divertlsement
second. J. V. Hayes third. Time. 1:16.
DETROIT. July 30.— Windsor results:
Five furlongs — Annie Chamberlain wen.
Prince of Song second, Scotch Bramble third.
Time, 1:04.
Six furlongs— Hungarian won, Mattlock sec
ond. Wine Press third. Time. l:i;Vi-
Six furlongs-^-Annle Lauretta won. Lottie
Hunter second, March Past third. Time, 1:16H-
Four and a half furlongs — Compass won.
Formal!* second. Cupa third. Time. rSSH.
Six furlongs — Taluca wen. Sweet Caporal sec
ond. Ice Drop third. Time. 1:15.
One mile— Spring Wells won. Quaver second.
Captive third. Time, 1:42«4.
DETROIT, July 30.— It was announced
to-day that the Highland Park meeting
would last until September 7 and that all
reputable bookmakers could cut in at $100
a day. Weather fine: track good. Re
sults:
One mile and seventy yards— Love's Labor
won. Sir Rolla second. Banish third. Time.
1:454.
Six and a half furlongrs— W. J. Baker won.
Henry of Franztamar second, Rendazzo third.
Time, 1:22.
ST. LOUIS, July 30 —The bookmakers
were hard hit at the 'air grounds to-day,
three favorites and the same number of
second choices landing purses. Track
fast. Results:
Mile and an eighth, selling— Brighton won.
Orris second, Lee King third. Time, l:5o»i.
One mile, selling— Celtic Bard won, Maeon
second. Zazel third. Time. 1:42.
Six furlong — George Arnold won, Necklace
second. Queen Dixon third. Time. l:41 l 4. *.
Handicap, six furlonjrs— Hi Nocker won,
Ohnet second. The Light third. Time, l:04U.
Selling, five and a half furlongs — Quiz II won,
Wine and Seng second, Mateo third. Time.
1:09 3-5.
One and a sixteenth miles— Herbert won.
Native second, Alslko third. Time, 1:43 4-5.
Hurdle, one and a half miles — Draughtson
won. Monroe Doctor second. Protus third. Time,
2:1 4 1-5.
Five furlong* — Marathon won, Street Boy sec
ond. Fcrd third. Time. 1:03 3-5.
Five furlong>«— Salimas wen, Ballcu second,
Enark third. Time. 1:04.
Six furlongs, selling — Rinaldo won, Ortrude
etcond, Federalist third. Time. 1:16.
NEW YORK, July SO.— A driving rain
limited the attendance at Brighton Beach
to-day to the regulars. The track was a
sea of mud. but form was lived to, four
favorites getting to the wire. Fair Rosa
mond, a pood filly owned by W. Lakeland,
broke her back at the far turn in the
third race and will probably never run
again. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Jiminez won.
Handyman second. Possart third. Time, 1:084.
Mile and a sixteenth — Pink Coat won, Eva
Rice second. Jolly Roger third. Time, l:46!i.
One mile— Our Nellie won, Racivan second,
Castake third. Time. 1:41.
Six furlongs — Maggie Davis won. Rival Dare
second. Emigre third. Time. 1:14.
Mile and a quarter, over five hurdles — Passe
Partout won. Last Past second, Lord Chester
field third. Time. 2:20%.
CHICAGO, July 30.— Jiminez easily won
the Clyde stakes after a hard and early
drive with Handyman and Possart.
Through an-error on the part of the track
flagman the first raca was won twice.
Starter Holtman an>l the <imer did not
drop their flags, but the trackman, who
manipulated the recall flag, thought It
was a "go" and sent the field away. The
first race was won by Rio de Altar, with
Invictus second, while Fridolin, at 30 to
1, finished third. After the horses had
cooled off the race was run over. Edith
Q, who had been as good as 5 to 1 in the
first betting, was then installed a warm
favorite, opening at 3 to 1 and backed
down to S to 5. She proved to be much
the best and won easily by four lengths.
Results:
Five furlongs— Edith Q won. Gold Badge sec
ond, In*ictu» third. Time. l:02\i.
Six furlongs— Belle of Holmdcl won. Imp. Bit
ter Root second. Allle H third. Time. l:15Vi.
Fair Rosamond, Lakeland's Filly, In
jures Her Back at Brighton
Beach and May Never
Bun Again.
Owing to an Error First
Race at Washington Park
Is Run Twice.
CLYDE STAKES
EASILY TAKEN
BY JIMINEZ
Arrangements for the parade have r.nw
reached such a point that even Grand
Marshal Costello is somewhat surprised at
the comprehensiveness of the promis^l
display. Interior counties are evincing an
interest by no mean* confined to the Na
tive Sons. It seems the wish of every one
of them to present a display which will
effectively exploit its industries and re
sources. Parlor floats are being planned
upon these lines. The procession cf floats
promises to be one of the parades most
attractive features and at the same time
thoroughly representative of the resource*
end industries of the entire State.
The finance committee held a short ses
sion yesterday and from the reports pre
sented it appears that the contributions to
the celebration funds will erjual expecta
tions. In two cases the amovint donated
was double that given by each donator
ten years ago.
A meeting of the press* and information
committees is to be held to-night a: thi>
headquarters. An important meeting will
be held to-morrow night "f the chairmen
of all sub-committees. The situation of
the committee work will thrn be can
vassed with the view of determining jost
¦what loose ends remain to be taken in
hand. _ . . ._
The "Curly Bf-ars. an nffshnot of Hy
draulic Parlor of Nevada City, will be
here to confer that degree. It is expecte-1
that they will remain Inns; after the cele
bration to initiate all who may want to
b '£ me "evening representative, of the
Tfer l«*tenlng to addresses by Grand Mar
«hal Costello W. M. Wilkins and another
member oi the parad- committee, the
chairman of the meeting announced that
an answer would be sent to the grand
marshal at an early day.
The Hospital Corps of Alameda County
has decided to parade and will be given j.
place in one of the military divisions.
As September 11 is to be declared a legal
holiday the programme arranged fox that
day will be carried out. This includes a
bay excursion: review of the United States
troops at the Presidio: drill of school chil
dren in Golden Gate Park, ami drill of the
Fire Department. The evening attractions
will be a grand electrical parsuie. during
which the street Illuminations will bo seen
at their best and a monster ball et the
Pavilion.
Notice reached the grand marshal yes
terday that a float will be among the feat
ures of display presented by the three par
lors of San Jose. This notice was accom
panied by a pertinent inquiry as to the
distance above the street of trolley wires
crossing the line of march. Inquiry at
railroad headquarters elicited the fact
that the lowest wires alor.g me route of
march are twenty feet above the street.
All organizations proposing to have fioatd
are requested to bear this fact in mind.
The grand marshal and a member of the
parade committee visited the San Fran
cisco Cabinet of the National Union to in
duce that fraternal organization to j co
operate with the Native Sons in the mat
ter of the parade. It is probable that the
order will be represented by a symbolical
float.
Congressman Kahn visited the Union
Iron Works yesterday and received final
assurance that the Wyoming will be
launched on September 9. An invitation
has been forwarded to Governor Richards
of "Wyoming requesting the presence of
himself and staff with other State offi
cials. The iron works will issue other spe
cial invitations to the number of 1000.
The German Order of Hermann* 3 Sons,
through Otto Guy. grand secretary, ha3
sent word to headquarters that the order
will be in line and nave a Soar symbolical
of It3 principles.
C. T. Spencer, grand recorder of the
Ancient Order of Workmen. In a com
munication to Grand Marshal Costello an
nounced yesterday that at a meeting oi
the corporate directors of the order a de
cision was reached that the order partici
pate In the parade and that an appropria
tion be made to defray the expense oi one
or more floats, and as a special induce
ment to members to parade it wa3 decided
to offer a ca^h prize to the lodse making
the best display.
Officers of the Admission Pay Ju
f bilee Encouraged by Prospects.
Contributions That Art
in Sight.
Sons of Hermann Are Also
to Take Part in the
Celebration.
WORKMEN WILL
HAVE A FLOAT
IN THE PARADE
Before the fight came off there was a
twelve-round go at 105 pounds between
Charley Garrigan and Terry Edwards,
both of Brooklyn. The work of these two
bantams was amateurish and the contest
resulted in a draw.
McFadden was seconded by Billy Roche,
Harry Tuttle, Archie Martin and Tommy
Shortell. O'Brien's handlers were Torn
O'Rourke, Paddy Mo ran and Sammy
Kelly.
The betting on the bout was not very
brisk. McFadden was the favorite at IJu
to 60 early in the evening, but later tnes«
odds were increased. 2 to 1 being freely
laid on McFadden and even money that
he would win within fifteen round3. Both
men weighed in thi3 afternoon, each be
ing under the limit of 133 pounds.
There were about 5000 persons In the
house, most of whom had seen the Erne-
McGovern contest two weeks ago and it
was the general impression that McGov
ern could beat either of the lightweights
in to-night's bout.
In the early stages of the tight O'Brien
did fairly well and with his rushing tac
tics kept McFadden blocking on the de
fensive," but as the battle went on ifc-
Fadden's superior strength began to tell
and it was plain to be seen that O'Brien
was in difficulty. In the tenth round
O'Brien's legs began to give out and it
was only a question of how long his pluck
and endurance would carry him.
In the twelfth round O'Brien was sent
to the floor three times with lefts and
rights over the heart and was in such
bad condition that when he went to hts
corner at the end of the round he wai
advised to give up. He complained of
his left side, but he insisted on, going on.
However, better counsel prevailed and he
was Induced to shake hands with Mc-
Fadden, who would certainly have put
him out in another round. When O'Brien
was examined by a physician after he
reached his dressing-room it was dis
covered that the seventh and eighth ribs
on his left side were broken.
MADISON SQUARE GARDEN, XEW
YORK. July 20,-George McFadden, the
local lightweight boxer, administered a
severe drubbing to Jack O'Brien, formerly
of Halifax, N. S., but now a resident of
this city, before the Twentieth Century
Club at J^ulison Square Garden to-night.
The pair met for a twenty-five-round bout
at the lightweight limit, 133 pounds, Cut
there were only twelve rounds of. fighting.
O'Brien was so badly punished in the
twelfth round that he was forced to give
up when the bell rang for the beginning
of the thirteenth and instead of putting
up his hands for attack or defense he ex
tended his gloved right hand to McFad
den, giving the latter the bout.
Nova Scotian Puts Up a Gam« Fight,
but His Antagonist Proves to
Be Too Strong for
Him.
Gives Up the Struggle at
the End of the Twelfth
Round.
JACK O'BRIEN
IS DEFEATED
BY McFADDEN
It was decided after Ions olscussion to j
adjourn without action until next Satur- j
day afternoon. Chairman J. C. Sims and
a full auota. of lawyers will then offer ad
vice. Senator Sims is known to be favor
able to the primary election plan.
The Democrat* do not talk of changing j
Action Is Postponed.
It la well known to the member? of the j
I>ern< cratie Executivf Committee that the
Phelan-Fay orpanization in San Fran
cisco decirt-s to uw the appointive s>stem
to per;«etuate Itself in r>ow. r. The com
mittecmen know that the Ph^lanites hold j
that the Supreme Court decision, by im- <
Tilicatior. at i»-a.«t. repeals section 11S6. |
This section declares that delegates to a
political conreotion shall b?» chosen by
ballot at a primary election.
The f entiraent expressed at the meeting
was favorable to holding primary elec.
tions. aithoujrh it wa-s fully rtK"O|rnfze<J
that the work of county committees in
preparing to hold such elections under the
Straiten law must be undone. In several
cnuntJep conventions have bt-en called and
county boards of Supervisors huve se
l^'ed election officers. The argument
«aj advanced that Democrats penf-rally
fav jred the principle of electing dHegrate*
by j suiot.
The Democratic State Executive Com
mittee, T. O. Tolarsd chairman, went into
secret Rf>f:<?ioii shortly after 2 o'clock in
the. ¦tternooo at the California Hotel and
flld not emerge until 5 p. m. Gavin Mc-
Nab did Dot attend the session. He ar
rived at th^ <-<in«r-lusion early in the day
that the committee could not reverse the
decision of the- Supreme Court. The com
raittcernen attending wore: T. O. Toland,
James G. Marruire, W. II. Alford, Charles
Edtlrnan. holdir.s proxy of J. H. McCar
thy; M. F. Tarpey; J. J. Wells. M. F.
Cochrane, D. II. Arnold, A. CaminettI and
Thomas E. Curraii. The absence of J. C.
Sims arid ex-Governor Hudd was re
gr^tted.
Democratic Executive Committee.
The raeiEb^rs of the Executive Commit
tee do net want to take the slightest
chance of losing to the party a represen
tative in Congress, hence the effort to
avoM all irregularity.
The Congressional commitf?f-s called to
meet here next Saturday will then b*.
expected to declare whether deleg-at.es
elected to th* 1 State Convention 5hal! or
shall not be empowered to nominate can
didates fcr Conprcss in th^ir reEp^ctlv«i
districts. If separate cosrentiona are to
be held then the time and place- of hold
insr *ueh conventions and the manner of
elc-ctir.s? delegates thereto may be an
couoced.
Fear Premature Calls.
Telegram? re<-*2ve<i yesterday afternoon
cau««-<i the Kxecutiv* Committee to appre
hend that impulsive leaders in Several of
the Conpressiunal districts might issue
prpmaturc calls for district conventions
and thereby complicate matters.
State Executive Committee urs?nt!y reqaests
you immediately notify meiubers your cenj
ir.itte* to raeet this city personally or by proxy
Ausuet fourrJi. L'tmort imrcrta-ace.. Answer.
GEORGE s=TON'E, Cbairman.
The foHowlng notice was also dispatched
to the chairman and secretary of every
Cori?re*sioriai I>iEtrict Committee:
four r.ttT.ianoe is urgently requested. If it if
lm;«yeg'.i:<t fcr you to be rre^ent, w^Jre or mail
y. :r proxy to eorr.e ore here in whom you have
ccrr.fiier.ro. or to these headquarters in blank.
Very tra:y yours.
CKOP.GE STOKE. Ciairman.
TV. tf. CTTTTHR. Secretary.
Dear Fir: In view of the decision of the Su
pirun* Court annallir.fr the Stratton primary
!*«•. it has become imperative that tit* general
Ptate Cer.tr&i Onnrmittftt of the party shoaM
t"? ror.Tea«i to Issue a. new call f^r a. State
CoBvention, that Ui«-re ir.ay be no Quesiion
hereafter as to the ralidity of the nominations
mad*. The Executive Committee has therefore
d!re-~ted a call fcr a met-tini? of the entire state
Ccrr.rr.itt^. to be he!d at Oal'Ien Gate Hali. «-¦>
Futter Ftreet. in this city, ca Saturday, Aug
ust ?. at 3 o'clock p. rn.
2iew Call to Be Issued.
It was the sentiment of the meeting
that ::t-:ih»i-r tr.e time nor place of holding
the State Convention should be changed.
It was also agreed that the apportion
raextt Bhookl not be char.tred. Ail the pro
visions, however, relating to Congressional
District conveotioni will be set aside
under the new call. In fact, it was de
termined that a new call lor a State Con
rectlon Ehonld be issued. Accordingly it
was resolved that all the members of the
State Central Committee should be noti
fied to assemble at Golden Gate Hail in
this city next Saturday at 3 o'clock p. m.
Last night notice In this form was sent
either by wire or mail to e% - ery member
cf the governing body of the party:
E.o: FRANCISCO. July 3<), 1300.
Mr. , Member Republican State
Centra! Committee cf California.
merdinx that delegates th^uid be chosen j
by ballot at primary elections, as provided <
: r .:. eectton 11^: but alter resection the ,
executive committee decided to withhold j
euch recommendation.
that the General State Committee had
not delegated to the executive committee
thr> power which the latter proposed to
extra!-*-. Ti-.er, there was talk of recom-
During tn animated debate as to the ad
rts&bUity of giving definite instructions
to the various county committees through
out the State. Senator Cutter discovered
The executive committeernen on the in-
Fide Btecussed the decision in all its bear
ings. Alter long discussion it was agreed
that Section IMS of the Political Code was
not declared void and that its provisions
requiring political conventions to be com
po:s«d oi delegates elected by ballot at a
i>rimary election were in full force and ef
fect. It waj> maintaine<i, however, that
deiepaies elected to comprise a county
convention might me appointed to consti
tute a State or Cont"rest:or.a.l district con
vention.
He was apprehensive, fearing that the
committee w^^ preparing for him a dose
Of his own medicine. A rumor that Alfred
Boorter, * chairman of the Republican
County Comrnittee. had declared in favor
of appointing relegates to the aominat
irig- l< inventions greatly <iisturi?ed the ex
jUsexnblyman of the Firty-nrst dlstiict.
John C. LyncbC Co. lector of Internal Rev
enue, was there, and much to the surprise
of his fellow citizens exhibited a genuine
telegram. Alfr:a Bouvler, James A. Wil
ton and Augustus Tilden of the County
Conn;ii:ee u>«..k a.n interest in. the pro
cefdinps. Andrew Louderback. Daniel T.
Cote aid J. Alva Watt were lookers-on.
Dibble Was Apprehensive.
The Republican State Executive Com
mittee ¦went into secret session at the
Palace Hotel headquarters shortly after
4 o'clock. The members attending were
George Stone. "William M. Cutter. Wake
field Baker. Thomas Kirkpatrfck, H. D.
Loveland, W. 6. Wood, W. Frank Pierce,
William Barr. A. B. Lcmrnon. Walter F.
Parker and C. S. Hardy. Among the out-
Eiders who were whisperlr.g around the
corridors were A. J. Raisch-and P. H.
Prenderg-ast, representing Martin Kelly's
delunct county committee. They seemed
to fancy that the court decision might im
part a tpark of vitality to the old corrupt
organization, of which "Jack" Chretien
was a ehining l:g"ht and Phil CrinjTnins an
ir.s;ir:r.g genoa. The spokesmen of the
old defunct cc remittee had the audacity
to prepare a communication asking the
State Executive Committee to recognize
them, but the document was not present
ed. H. C. Dibble appeared early and was
rt^ictact to leave.
The Democrats behind closed doors de
bated tte subject tor three hours and re
eolve<! to renew the discussion next Satur
day afternoon.
*=T?=;HE leafiir.ii politicians who represent
ithe governing- body of each political
party met In secret session yester
day to consider the effect of the Su
preme Court decision declaring the pri
mary election law void. The Republicans
found the situation so abounding in per
plexity and confusion that they resolved
to call for a meeting in San Francisco
next Saturday of the entire State Central
Committee and cf all the Congressional
L'isirict Committees.
Catholic Truth Society.
The religious exercises and lecture for
the members of the Catholic Truth So
cJety will be held in St. Mary's Cathedra!
to-morrow evening. On that occasion will
be distributed a pamphlet by Most Rev.
p J. Ryan, Archbishop of Philadelphia,
entitled. "Modern Religious Skepticism.'*
Summoned by Wire— Democrats Decide to Defer
Action — Strong Sentiment in Favor of
Primaries to Elect Delegates.
CHICAGO, July 30. — J. A. Edgerton of
Colorado, secretary of the Fusion Popu
list party, was at E»emocratic headquar
ters to-day in consultation with Chairman
Jones. He spent most of the day with
Eugene Smith, Populist National Com
mittt-trnan fyum Illinois, outlining the part
his party is to take in the coming cam
.oaign. It is the plan to have the main
headquarters of the party at Lincoln,
with a branch in Chicago. Eugene Smith
will be in charge here and the work h*
will undertake will be auxiliary to that
of the Democratic leaders. Mr. Edgerton
refused to discuss the possibility of
Charles A. Towne withdrawing as Vice
Presidential candidate of the Populist
party, but said there will b*?""*no fraction
between the Democrats and Populists.
SA2JTA CBTJZ REPUBLICANS.
the County.
5p«ciil Dispatch to The Call
Organizations of Campaig-n Clubs in
SAN'TA CRUZ, Ju!y 30.— The McKinley
aad Roosevelt Club has been organized
and already haS over 100 members. The
officers of the club are:
Prrriiier.t. H. E. Cox: first vice president. J".
W. L.-.r.scott: second vice president, L. L. Far
go: secretary. Thomas McPherson: treasurer,
A. A. M r rey; executive committee— H. - D.
Smith. H. H. Miller and H. S. Wan2<?r.
Committee to canvass for members for the
drill corps— A. A. Mcrey, H. J. Bias, Dr. W.
It. Lansrctt. Henry Hall, George Butler. E.
Case and T. W. MePherscn.
The finance committee Is meeting- with
success in raising funds.
Boulder Creek is falling in line too, ar.-l
at a meeting of the Republicans there
it was decided to organize a MeKlnley
and Roosevelt Club. C. K. Brimblecorn,
M. C. Sarmonto and A. Fraser were ap
pointed a committee on rules and by-laws.
the time or place of holding the State con
vention.
Republican County Committee,
The Republican County Committee, Al
j frc-d Houvier chairman, will meet at
i Shiels Hall to-morrow evening. Subjects
i relating to the county convention and the
, method of choosing delegates thereto will
; be freely discussed. The call recently is
i sued provides that the local convention
j shall consist of 250 delegates. The conven
; tion is to assemble between August 21 and
i Stptembor 25. The delegatss will nomi
! nate Superior Judges, Justices of the
! Peace and State Senators and Assembly
j men in respective districts.
Thirty-Ninth Club.
The Republican club of the Thirty-ninth
District met last evening to submit names
of candidates for delegates to the different.
j conventions to the executive committee.
It was decided lost week that all nom-
I inatlons should first be considered by the
j executive committee and then that they
Bhould go before the club, and in pur
) suance of that names have been sub
i mitted to the secretary during the week
I and several more were submitted at last
evening's meeting. The nominations are
us follows:
For the State convention— P. L. Archibald,
j I^-on E. Jones, M. Boehm and George W. Aver
111.
For the Congressional convention— T. H. Mc-
Carthy. F. D. Wprth and Hugh Fraser.
For the municipal convention— U. A. Gibbons,
John A. Maj^ee, J. "W. Bourdette. Georre Pat
ton. F. M. Thai. E. Xeimeier. W. H. Bodflsh.
D. Becker, Walter Gibbons, William McKenzie.
J. Hynes, A. Bauer, F. D. Macbeth, George
I H. 'Wells. H. J. Se*^e'.ken. Meyer Jacobs. J.
! F. C!ote. Charles J. HaFir.an, S. A. White.
Sam Barman. Ixuis Hofmana, J. D. Hannah,
j J. D. Liebuld. Levi Strauss, George W. Keane,
j Kd ttuller. H. Powe, Harv-ey BurdeU. A. L.
Hart Jr. and I- I". Coaiptcn.
More najnes will be submitted during
the coming week.
OUTLINING PLAN OF
POPULIST CAMPAIGN
AGITATION CAUSED
BY SUPREME COURT
Republicans Resolve to Call All
Members of State and District
Committees Together.
CIRCLED THE GLOBE ON
PRESIDENTE SARMIENTO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, "JULY 31, 1900.
McFadden Fights a Draw.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., July 30.— Dennis
(Kid) McFadden of San Francisco failed
In his effort to put two local fighters out
In twenty rounds and Incidentally was a
disappointment to a crowd of 700 at the
Fallsfield Athletic Club this evening. The
first bout was between McFadden and
Middy Hennessy of Syracuse, and McFad
den had agreed to put his man out In ten
rounds or lose the purse. He lost. Kid
McFadden then had another try with Kid
Herrick, a local aspirant, under the same
conditions as the ; McFadden-Hennesay
go. It was declared a draw.
The funeral will take place at 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning from Hogan's under
taking parlors on Valencia street, and the
body will be Interred in * the National
Cemetery at the Presidio.
Morgue Surgreon- Leland performed an
autopsy yesterday upon the body of John
T. McCarthy, the ex-soldier who fell from
a Mission-street car Saturday night while
Intoxicated and died Sunday in the City
and County Hospital. He found that the
cau«e of death was fracture of the skull.
McCarthy's Skull Fractured.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived July 2J-Haw
ship Balclutha. Chil baric Augusts, and schr E
K Wood, from Port Townsend. Sailed July 30 —
Schr Pcerlees. for Ventura.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 30— Tugs Rescue and
Tatoosh,. with log raft in. tow, for San'Fran
cisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed July 30— Xor stmr Tlta
nla, hence July 25, for Xanaimd.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 30— Ship J B
Thomas, from Tokohama
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LEGHORN— Arrived July 2S— Stmr Karama
nia, from New York, vfa Marseilles and Genoa.
NAPLESr-Salled July 23 — Stmr Hesperta. for
¦. NEW YORK-Arrived* July SO-Stmr Talis
man, from Guadaloupe and Barb&does.
I*ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The officers of Darina Parlor, Native
Daughters of the Golden West, elected for
the current term were inscailed In public
last night in the lodgeroom of Kir.g Sol
omon Lodge, F. and A. M. Among the
prominent visitors were Junior Past
Grand President Mre. Lena H. Mill*.
Grand President Mrs. £ma Gett, Grana
Vice President Mrs. Genevieve Baker ana
Grand Secretary Miss Laura J. Frake».
The installing officer was District Deputy
Grand President Mrs. Mae McRae, ae
sistcd by Mrs. L*. H. Mills as past grand
president, Mrs. Emma Foiey as grand
marshal and a full corps of officers. The
new officers are: Jennie Crelg-hton. P. P.;
Emma Ralph, P.; Genevieve Carroll, Lil
lian Hamilton and Catherine McGough.
V Pp.: Lucle Hammersmith, R. S. : Han
nah Bailey. F. S.: Kdith Brown. M.: An
na Genahier, I. S.; Evelyn Greenan, O. 3.;
Katie Barry. 8. Stadagen and Emma
Marks, trustees. At the close of the cere
mony the grand president, on behalf of
the parlor, presented to the «..:!lcers a
beautiful American flag.
Officers of I>arina Parlor.
Mysterious Deaths of Dtincan McClel
lan and Myron Kingsbury
, at Waco.
WACO, Texas, July 30. — A mysterious
double tragedy occurred at an early hour
to-day at the residence of M. - C. . Kings
bury, one of Waco's most prominent citi
zens. The dead bodies of Dtmcan G. Mc-
Clellan Jr. and Myron C. Klnjrsbury,
brothers-in-law, were found In a room,
their throats being cut from ear to ear.
The fact that neither body was Injured
or bruised except about the throat indi
cate that no struggle took place, and It is [
the general opinion that the two men were j
murdered.
Mrs. Klngsbury, wife of one of the dead
men. made the following statement:
"About 2 o'clock, I think it was, I was
suddenly awakened by some kind of noise
emanating from my husband's room,
across the hall. I sprang 1 up and ran into
the ¦ room. , Before me lay my husband,
who had just drawn his last breath, and
Duncan, my brother, only drew one or
two brefcths after I entered the room. I
saw no one run • from the room and can
not solve the mystery."
The police are at work on the case.
World to End This Year.
This Is the recent decision of one cf tJw
prominent societies of the world, but th« «e
act day has not yet been fixed . upon, and
wbile there are very few people who believs
thin prediction, there are thousands of oilwa
who not op.Ij believe, but know that Hostel
ler's Stomach Bitters la the best m^Jlcta* to
care dyspepsia. Indigestion, constipation, bil
iousness or liver and kidney troubles. A fair
trial will certainly convince you of Us ralue.
FOUND DYING WITH
THEIR THROATS CUT
lum.
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .TUESDAY, JULY 31, 1900.
10
CAX KK.A3TCISCO CALL.
nuEINF.SS OFFICE ef The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nipht In tie year.
BRANCH OFFICES— r.C7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. ra.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€29 McAlllPt^r street; open until 9:30 p. m-
CI6 Lnrkin etreet; cj^n until 8:30 p. ra.
1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
Z2CI Mission street, corner Sixteenth: open
cnt'.l * p. m.
106 Eleventh ftreet: open until t p. m.
1W6 Valencia Street: open until 5 p. m.
Northwest crrrer Twecty-feccnd and Ke.i-
tu<*kr r,r**ri nnt!l 9 p. m. ,
MEETISG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. IS R. A. M., j»
*-t:i jn<x»t Till* (TUESDAY) EVEN- -p\-
IN>». July 21. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. Tw^\
degree. By order of the II. P. *
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLrCS GATE I^jdge No. 30 F- and »
A. M.. will mwt THIS (TUESDAYS JV.
EVENING, July SI. at 7:30 o'clock. V_*f
Ffrt degre* J'v order of the rr.a*ter. »W
ED^viN L^MgjjER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL L^kIc^No. 144. F. and A m
M. -Third decree THIS (TLE^DAY)^*
BVXSCIXG at 7:30 oVlock. /W\
A. K. HUBBAI1D. Secretary. / V *
PARKER Lodre No. 1*4. I. O^O. ,SS>_*£$»,
F -Initial ry lejrree u>t^tX&X&
(TUESDAY) EYENIKO.
V. F. NORTHROP. X. G. <y "" N
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— P.eju- m
lar n.eetlr.e of this society will take *_V__*_a
I s r< r. WEDNESDAY KVKNING. «p5J?
±\iy..-\ 1. IS All the members are J?GnS
reqaestwd to I* present, as business *«•
of great importance will be transacted also
for aCTropriat!'^!!'. By order or
J. L RAI«OVICH. President.
AUG. MIK-ULICH. Rec. Sec.
MAFTF3* Mariners H-r.evclent Asso- _g~~^^
iljXltin Cpcclii meeting will be held -.T.-^
at hail. 22y Post st.. TUESDAY. .Tuly^fLi*
31 at 1:SO p. m- All members are re-*
quelled to t>e r-re-'^'nt f O r the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our decease brother,
F F >IU-T. By order of the president.
L. FRAUNO. Roc, gecy.
FORWARD Movement meetlnrs— by Forward
Movement workers, Pythian Hall each night
this week: Sunday meetings S and S p. m." 4
p. rs~ to-day: tree opening lecture; Forward
Mo-retrent eyrtern cf personal culture.
THE California Peljris Oo-nr.-.jssicn, having re-
ceived appMcatltins to ir.ir.e by th» hydraulic
process froro F. E. Thomas. In the Gold Run
Placer Claim, near Quincy. Plumas Co.. to
deposit taillnjra en a flat; from Walter C. Rob-
inson, in the Peahwood Hill Mine, near
Meadow Valley. Plumas Co., to deposit tail-
Ings In Peadwocd Creek: from W. U. Meek.
In the Indian BUI Mine, near Camptonville,
Vuba Co., to deposit tallinps in Indian Creek:
from Use La Port* Consolidated Gold Mining
Co., te the Dutch Mine, near La Porte. Plu-
mas Co.. to deposit tailings in Rabbit Creek;
from J. T. Btexnl&ctmn. in the Strawberry
Mine, at Strawberry Valley, Yuba Co., to de-
posit tailinss in a workf-d-out pit. and from
C. M. Jcrsenfi^n. in the Garden City Mine,
near G'bfonvtlle, Sierra Co.. to deposit tall-
Ings in a ravir.e, pives notice that a meeting
¦will be held at room 19, Flood tuildias. San
Francisco, Cal.. on August IX I300L at 1:20
P. ra.
ANNTAli meet !n«r— The regular annual rneet-
lriR of the stocihoMers of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the offlce of
the company. s;T Market t=t.. San Krancis^o.
Cal.. on WEDNESDAY, the 1st day of Au-
jrust, 1W*O, at the hour of 11 o'clock forenoon,
for the purpose of electing a b'iard of di-
rectors to *crve for the ensuing year and
the traneaction of yuch other business -xa
may come before the meeting;.
i: 31. EHELDOX; Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING.
The Rifdon Iron and I/vr.-nriti-re Works.— The
annual me^tinjt of the stockholder? of the Ris-
£<->n Iron ar<3 Ixxvimotive Works, for the e!».?-
•tion of truEt<-ef- for the en-mini? year and t.h<»
t!"ens.vtl.->n of f-"jch oth»r business a? may be
broupht before the meet'.riP. will 1-e held at tha
office of the company, pomheast corner of H^aie
«nd Howard sts.. San Francisco, on MONDAY.
the Cth day of August, l«00. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. S»c,«Msrv.
AGENTS \VAVTED.
AGZSSTB ¦ranted to sell Hrdseye view of Oak-
land. F. & H. SODERBKRG. corner Frank-
lin and Fourteenth s=t*r. Oakland.
JI.Wi CAN- be made durlnn next € months by
huMlinir ai-tnt? hnndlir.p our white and fancy
rubber collar?, cuffs, bosoms. necktl«s ; patent-
ed, fuaran'.eed sonds: inclose Ftamp for <=pe-
cial ilan Mi. :,I. Mi's. Co.. Springfield. Mass.
AGENT? of ability and experience in life lnrur-
ar.c». Call at room 1'jI, K'7 Market, cor. Sixth.
"WE bundle newest novelties for agents. PA-
CIFIC A.OKNTS' SUPPLY CO . ?MA mh «.
ATTOIIM2YS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atorney at law. &2T Market Ft,
room CI7; estates. dam&ees. attachment*?.
bankruptcy. ooll^ctionE: all cases: fair f^es;
no advajico charKes; raonoy loaned en
ADVICE free; divorce law a s*,>eclalt5-; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOW E. stty at law, fi.%0 Market, cor. Stockton.
"FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE fr«e: no charge unless euccessful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. J-27 Market Ft., opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bids;.. &;" Mar-
ket ft.; consultation free; no fees in advanc«.
CTFTTR. HERMAN J.. 'attorney. 927 Market
fit., r. r."*i: r.pTi «»v<-.. 7-9; consultation free.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES — PKED WARD & SON.
Apr.tf, 4k Fremont ft.
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON T3. 4-panel fMrtlnc: door opens; firm
end tale. \V. S. BROWN., gen. agt., 426 Ellis.
BELGIAN HAH!>.
A NTTMBEK of fine does at low prices: bred to
cur finest bucks; LORD EDIXDORO ilmn .).
fee t25; DUKE OF CLARENCE (Imp.), fee
$15 ; fine lot of younsrftc^s from 3 to & month*
old from Lot'3 Edinboro and our imported
doep, with grand color and perfect feet a/t
round; full line of rabbit supplies;; free liter-
ature. SAX FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE
CO. SAM C. HAMMOND. Mer..
Office — Spreckels Market-
Babbitry— 10J5 Ehotwell st.
EEI>GIAN HARES:'.
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA REI>3IAN HARE AS-
SOCIATION. Alameda, Cal.
LORD FASHODA CHIEF and Lady Lwmb, first
jrire in Eryjlcnd, at 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HARE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS; Bales dally. 10C9',i Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.,409 Gol-
den Gate av.. S. F.. 500 rabbits for sale cheap.
mtV(l.l>jr»r Sale or Exchange.
A RAMBLER tandem; trood condition; new
tlree: bargain if sold at once. 121 Powell at.
HOARDING l'Olt CHILDREN.
•WANTED — Boy or girt to board In private fam-
Jly; from 7 to IS y-ars. 1220 Howard et.
DCSHTESS CHANCES.
Jl— tf»0: CORNER saloon with hall In choicest
location on Grary St.; rent $45; lease; place
kept by owner for years and is doing a good
paying business. Particulars R, G. WILKE,
2CVi Kr'amy et. \
Jl — *"-•'.¦: PARTNER wanred In largest concert
hall connected with grill, cafe and buffet;
fclpo ajrency of Eastern brewery on this coast;
establishment dolnn an Immense businers and
known from Victoria. 1A. C. to Saa Dlezo.
Cal.; owner employes about 70 people and
needs a ftrct-cla.s business man as assistant.
View* of the i)lare and particulars at R. G.
WILKE. 2C'/t Kearr.y st.
A— IliO: PARTNER wanted In barber shop in
leading e^cond-claes hotel of this city; about
J50 j>er month for each partner (juaranieed
Call It O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
Jl — $1600 — CORNER eroc«ry and bar on Larkin
ex.. rent, lr.clurtine 5 rooms. $44; horse and
wagon; I yearfc' lease; daily receipts abot-t
J3'j: owner to leave for the country; * flr»t-
c!ai«fi and rare chance. Cail R. G. W1LKE
Et^i Krarny st. U^- - ,, ,
A-J»); DELICACY and dairy produce, in Ala.
m»<Ja: rent $9; daily receipts J12; business «-
taU. ii yearn. OaJI It. G. WILKE. 26% X-ati.y.
A — J17.M); CORNER in"ooery and bar on Mission
et. ; place has been kept by pre*j-»nt owrer
for 10 years and clearinc above |1SO per
mrnth: ttock and fixtures worth the
C-il It. G. WILKE. 2C's Kearny at.
A-rttO- RESTAURANT anl chophouse oa
•rater front; rent |15; bargain. R, u.
WILKE. 2C-4 Kearny st.
Jl— S«r«>0; COHNER »rroe«?ry and bar; established
y*-arjs and known as a money making place;
»K-st location; close to Chronicle building. 8e«
It G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny bL
A P.ESTA L'lUXT —
2000 Cash, balance easy payments; right in
heart of city; handsomely furnlthed; splendid
proposition for 2 young mon; must be Bold at
once, as owner has 2 places: full value in
eight. STENBERG CO.. 9S5 Mariet st.
A— JEW0 i £500 |£00
Rrataurant. water front;
!iandt>£yn*?ly fitted:
-.. finest location In city; .............
............ nva's 25c and upward-
receipts t»r> to $70;
..T. rent reasonable; lease;
:. spVna'd 1 proportion:
............ will bear Investigation
CO.. US Market tU
j niTSIXESS CHANCES COXTI.VCED.
' Jiro-PARTNER; light indoor business: will
ray over $60 per month to each yearly. Mc-
j LAUGHLIN L CO., 777»4 Market St.
$100— CORKER fruit and vegetable store; horse;
2 wagons: bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
7774 Market gt.
I1S00-MILIC route; 2S cans daily: going East
cause of sale: store Included. McLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777^4 Market BL
$675^BUTCHER shop: prosperous country
town; daily receipts J45. HcLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777H Market st.
J1000-BAKERY; prosperous country town;
trade 2^ barrels daily. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 Market Et. '
$12n— PA RTNER wanted; coffee and chophouse.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market st.
A— $4000 ln\-eetment: the owner of the "best
fitted and best located candy and Icecream
etore and factorv in Pan Francisco, doing a
buslnt-ss of S14.C00 yearly, wishes to retire;
established 22 years: full Investigation so-
licited : owner will remain with purchaser an
Indefinite time. LANE & CO., S65 Market st.
$7tO— BEST delicacy and hoaie bakery in San
Francisco; large, ligrht store, on main Ftreet.
north Market, v.ith fine living-rooms and
bath. LANE & CO.. 865 Market at.
$175— DELICACY and dairy produce; large,
clean stock; good busineee; fine location;
cheap rent; -acriflce. Lano & Co.. S6S Market.
A— $200— PARTNER wanted In light business
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $1S
to $2i a week; no experience required, trial
given. 9 Geary sU. room 2.
FOR SALE — At a bargain; 4 first-class saloon*:
3 lodging houses; 2 cigar stores; grocery and
bar. Inquire at offlce, 930 Howard St.. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. agents. +
FOR sale on account of departure; good barber
ehop U0c shave), with good established trade:
big paying. Call 618 Broadway, near Dupont.
A CIGAR stand, centrally located: big bar-
gain. COWING & CO.. .19 Market ft.
$«00— SALOON; first bloolc Market St.; worth
I $1200. See LUNDIN. £» Third St., upstairs.
FIRST-GLASS oyster and chop house for sale
cheap, on account of sickness. Box 3407, Call.
! WANTED— Newspaper route; give full partlcu-
! lurs. Address N-. box 3498. Call office.
i WANTED— A partner in a good paying- butcher
business at 30J5 Sixteenth et.
$300— RESTAURANT; 272 Brannan St.; good
! plaot- for man and wife.
! A FINE payln? store; this is a grand chance;
i will soil cheap: books can be seen: it will pay
j you to Investigate. 1517 and 1519 Park st..
! Alameda.
m
I =
| WAST first-class transient rooming-house, 25
to 30 rooms; must be paying proposition and
! bear Jnvestication. IV>x S4M. Call offlce.
! FOR sa}<*— Saloon: good business; cause, eick-
I ness. Inquire 44 Second st.
BAKERY, notions, cigars and laundry; present
owner there 6 years. T,07 Third St.
EASY money to be made by furnishing names
anil addressos of persons suffering from con-
tiumf'tion. cancer. Brlghts disease, catarrh.
blood and nervous diseases. Address Box 12S,
Call.
FOR SALE— Steam laundry iJolnK a business
fr*m $125 to 1150 per week: well fitted up and
the only steam laundry within 30 miles; In a
prosperous town In the Sacramento Valley,
with a population from to 7OT0; reason for
Eale going to Europe; terms $1400 cash; must
pMi Inside of 2 months. Address Box S430,
Call OflW.
, FOR SALE— A strictly pood business rePtaur-
i ant; 100 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery
u*in«? 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon;
lodging-hou?e. 34 rooms newly furnished;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
I American Bakery and Restaurant, Baliers-
! field. Cal.
j FOR i*ale or exchange— Two-chair barber shop,
I billiard room, cigar store and nice living
I room«. in thriving county site; prices, shav-
• Ing 2Sc, halrcuttlng 'Oo; monthly Income from
I J27f. to $330. For particulars address GEK-
j THUDE M. PIGOOTT. Elko. Nev.
j LEADING hotel In Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
j dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.:
will rent, sell or exchange. For particulars
! write JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey. CaL
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; place is entirely covered; contains 3
rtalie; rent only $1^; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call building.
i WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon: must be sold
¦ within ten days: bargain; reason, other press-
I ing interests. Information. Sunset, 32a Mont-
I gomery Ft., rooms 3 and 4.
I a FULLY equipped horpeshoeing shop, ready to
j start work; very cheap. Box 3470. Call^
I COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA'WELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Ft.
A BRAKCH office for Call advertisements and
! Fubscriptions has been established at 1036
L.ODGIAG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
! MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
! Many hotels and big houses. ,J2C00 to $25,000.
I 31 paying houses. 16 to 24 rooms, all prices.
14 pood houses of 14 rooms, from $47.j up.
I 48 cheap houses. 7 to 12 rooms, from $2^0 up.
j I have 27 buyers; llFt your houpe with me.
j R. II. WINSTON & CO.. IMS Market Et.
I 15 rooms; fine comer: a bargain J6SO
j 37 rooms; r«nying house 1200
F.0 rooms; clears $150; reduced to 20"0
65 rooms; best in city: corner S200
CW other paying- houses to select from.
I HOUSES from 10 to 180 rooms: good locations;
honest valu<\ perfect title guaranteed to buy-
erf; money loaned. SCHWEINHAUD & CO.,
917 Market Et.. opp. Mason, phone Mint 1911.
J12T^— SNAP— SG rooms: all rented; fine location,
near Market. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
I . !
I WELL-PAYING rooming house of ten rooms;
no ap-enta. 130'j Ninth st. : call at 1 p. m.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MPT. of all kinds of photo buttons and jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co., 933 Market Bt.. S. F.
CARPET BEATIXG A.N'D CLKAMNG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'fci Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
EANITAJ*Y Cai-pet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister St.: 'phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY fitran Carp«t-Beatlnc Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th .Bt. : tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
433 Stevenson St.: tel. South 22S: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 2 Eighth Kt.; tel. Jensle 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONICLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, S33 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone. East 1Z6.
CARRIAGES ANI> WAGO:VS r
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission Bt.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping waeon, for sale cheap. C32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work fi drlvinr- rmrseR. lf.th *• Vnlencla.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lefs successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
Sl'IItlTUALISai.
SPIRITUAL medium, .Mrs. Harrison, 858 Mis-
sion; readings •dally: 15c. COc and $1: circle
Tum.. Thors.. Sat. and Sunday eves.: 10c.
WATSON, the famous medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 25c and 50c. 1531 Market st.,
near Twelfth.
MME. YOITNG, COS McAllister St.; convincing
demonstration of ei>lrit return to-night, 10c.
FPIRITITAL mooting to-night; convincing test,
! S r>- m. Mrs. Maxwell. 123S Howard et.
MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde St.. nr. McAllister;
circle to-night 10c: skeptics Invited; sit. dally.
MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth st.. circle to-day. 2 &
8 p. m.: 16c: sittings dally; G. >1; L. EOc.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAUI»ter-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit. doily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.; 10c; sittings
dally. 50c. in Turk st.
MRS ETIQUE. 1204— Fillmore— Circle this eve.,
10c; reading dally. BOc.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
rn^<llum. if f^ rvtidPr: $}, 1114 lit arlcet.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles COc;
rents $1; palm ft; clalr. Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk st,
MISS MELVILLE, isrreat clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. 921% Miselon.op.Mlnt.
MME. 1JENEMAR— Fortunes by plantts: pre-
dlcted M-erdue gtmr Gold wreck. 810 Mae on Bt.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; beet advice, 23o
up. S23 Mission, near Fourth; no sign.
CLAIRVOYANT*. '
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palmist
and card reader; 25c 5 Seventh Bt., no elgn.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212VJ Sixth Bt.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mlsslon.op.Mlnt.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hua-
band's picture; 25c: ladles. 914 O'FarTell St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 3 rooms and bath; rent $$ 50. SS35
Twenty-tifth at.
DEHTISTsi
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SCO Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 EO up; of-
flce hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
t>. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and brldgrawork; all
work warranted; plates, full set, $5; fillings,
D0c;crown,$3 CO. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
DR. LUDLUli HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teetli
from $S per Bet; extracting, BOc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM- "Painless": evenings and Sun-
davs. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
fc"ET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DP.. CREEL Y'S C.P.mange cure and worm pills
by druggist* or at hospital. 510 Golden «;at<* a v.
JJKKSS.MAIvKUS AM) SEAM.NTKi:>S10S
S. F. drPFsmaking; school; latest methods; easy
terms: dresses made to orrler. 709 Ptockton st.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking. Miliinery
School to 101S Market St., above Sixth.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3*7 Geary st.. dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT, f>20 Sutter .«t.. dressmaking
school : any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 11M Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
BDICATIOXAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $30; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added now business practice offices and
20 now typewriters.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 12S6 Market St.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin tt.;
the coming school; thorough: up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S64.
. VAN DER JSTAILLSN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
R. Sl'MTER ANDERSON is giving private ln-
etruction at r u l''' s ' homes. Box 3495, Call.
PIAXO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leipsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $3 mo. 101!4 Mission, nr. 6th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. ; founded 1S63; 80-page catalogue free.
LE JEUXE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, nil branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: cstabl. over 10 years: all kinds help.
411 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush lS>.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 4-6 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 41H4 O'Fnrrell St.; tel. East 428.
EMpLovaiBXT WANTED — FKMALK.
A FIRST-CLASS German girl desires situation:
understands cooking in all its branches: best
of references. MIPS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
BY a neat woman, any kind of light duties;
sober and willing. li:>h'2 Tehama St., near
Howard; wages $10.
STYLISH dressmaker: good cutter and fitter:
$1 TiO per day; suits remodeled; mending done;
quick worker. L., 2550 Mission st.
FINLAND girl wants situation as chamber-
maid in hotel or private family. Please call
at 1112 Stetner Bt., near Golden Gate ave.
EASTERN cirl wants position dressmakinsr;
experienced hand. Call at 42S Ninth St., near
Harrison.
SWEDISH girl (15 years) wishes to assist with
li^ht housework and care of children. Ad-
dress L., box 2497, Call Office.
I RELIABLE woman, with girl 9 years old,
wishes place as cook or working housekeeper^
city or country. Address MRS. A. HAYES,
327a Mission st.
WOMAN wishes position to do washing and
housccleanlng by the day. 1543 Eddy St., near
Eteiner.
TWO Swedish girls wish situations as c«jok and
general housework or upstairs worl^,' wages
from $20 up. 23 Lily ave., near Market st.
FIRST class cook (Clerman) wishes situation In
hotel or boarding house; city or country. Ad-
dress 726 Mission Bt.
AMERICAN woman and daughter desire posi-
tions together; fln<? cook and housekeeper;
daughter assist In all branches; country; ex-
cellent references. Box 3436, Call office.
GOOD washer and Ironer wants family wash-
ing to do at home. Call 611 McAllister st.
AN American girl desires position to take care
of child. Call 71S Valencia St., bet. 10 and 1.
SWEDISH girl wants to do general housework
In a small American family. Call at 2S6
Tenth 8t., Swedish Baptist Church.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 179 Fourth st.. room 6.
YOUNG woman wishes situation as nurse: 1
or several children; also second girl. 1K4
Mission st.
COMPETENT, trustworthy housekeper or po-
sition of trust; good cook and seamstress.
Address box 2002. Call office; Oakland.
GIRL wants situation to work in small family;
a trood Instructor to children, or work in of-
fice; good education. Address 41 Brady st.,
MISS FLYN.N.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman to
do housework In a small family; good, plain
cook and kind to children; references given.
Box 24S2, Call office.
A YOUNG girl as lady's companion or assist
In light housework. Address 1530 Folsom st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; :00 rooms; 25c to $1 EO night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10'ii Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOVMKXT WANTED — MALE.
SCANDINAVIAN' man; pood machinist; can't
speak English; desires job in machine shop.
Box 3404, Call office.
YOITNG man would like a position driving a
delivery wa*:on: has had experience. Call or
address 961 Folsom st.
WANTED— Position as porter or Janitor by col-
ored man; willing and not afraid of work.
Box 2402. Call offlce.
A— YOUNG man of good habits wants a job as
waiter among Germans or Swiss; country pre-
ferred: give reference. Box 2500. Call- offlce.
A TOl'NG man, German, would like a posi-
tion as grocery clerk in small country town;
host of references. Address G. M., 1104 Lar-
kin st.
' REFPECTABLE English younjr man desires
position as assistant bookkeeper In good
house; good references. Box 3406, Call offlce. (
YOUNG man of 18 desires position with re-
sponsible attorney; chance to advance. Ad-
dress Box 3487. Call.
A BRIGHT boy, age 13, residing wjth parents,
wants work In store or offlce; knows city
well. Call 229V& Perry gt. -
YOUNG man, 24, seeks situation in any capaci-
ty. G. CLARK, 7C3 Howard st.
YOUNG German would like situation In gro-
cery or tend bar; Is ¦well acquainted with
city: has good recommendation. Box 3473,
Call offlce. | a
POSITION as first-class baker and pastry cook:
¦will go to coUTitry If desired; hotel work pre-
ferred. Box 8444. Call offlce.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A TRUSTWORTHY, intelligent young man
(well-educated Japanese) would like position
as valet to gent or lady who is going to Ja-
pan or China; will give best satisfaction. Box
34SS. Call.
SOBER, reliable, Bingle gardener desires situa-
tion: understands lawn, flowers, milking; gen-
erally useful around private family: good
reference; city or country. Box 2953. Call.
TWO young Germans wish any kind of em-
ployment. Box 3472. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071^4 Market (near Seventh); examination
free; German eye water by mall, 50o; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians. '
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Managse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
PLATS TO LET.
100 HOUSES AND FLATS:
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
U$7 Geary, h., 10 r..$65i 154 Hawthorne, f.,
25 Baker, h., 10 r... 6a! 6 r $22 60
218 Hyde, h., 7 r... 40 r30»4 Treat ave.. 6 r. 16
S00 McAllister, h., 8 r 45 1 1419A Green, f.. 4 r.. 20
250% Tehama, f.. 6 r. 101
A— 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 6 and 6 rooms
and bath each; $35 and $28. 973-975 Golden
Gate ave.
A— 8-ROOM flat: corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Third.
A BEAUTIFUL sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath:
fine basement, nice yard. 132 Castro, nr. 15th.
CALIFORNIA. 2911— Upper sunny flat; 7 rooms;
also flnished room In basement..
FIVE light sunny rooms and basement; yard.
133 Lily ave. ; key at 126 Pago st.
FLAT to let— 10 sunny rooms. 1207 Mission St..
near Eighth.
GEARY. 1131, bet. Van Ness and Franklin-
Modern lower flat, 7 rooms and basement.'
HOWARD. 639— Runny flat of 5 rooms, yard;
water free; rent $12.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to lot
from BALDWIN & HOWKLL.10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1515, near Eleventh— 6 sunny rooms;
bath.' laundry, yard; rent $13.
NE. CORNER Nineteenth and Noe Fts., warm
belt of the Mission; 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro-st. cars: 2 lovely lower 4 and 6
room flats; modern; eun all day; rent $14 and
$1*; water tree.
PINE. 131S — Rear upper flat of « rooms and
bath; rent $!>.
RENT $8; upper flat of 3 sunny rooms. 242
Harriet ft., between Harrison and Bryant,
Sixth and Seventh.
SECOND, 513—2 nice sunny rear flats, 3 and 4
rooms; rent ?8 and $10; bath, yard.
SUNNY desirable flats; Oak and I>aguna Bts. ;
7, 8 and 9 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
$11 50— NICE flat of 4 large sunny rooms: bath,
gas and larce yard. 3928 Nineteenth et., be-
tween Noe and Sanchez.
$10— UPPER flat of 4 eunny rooms. 27 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia.
$14—5 ROOMS, bath: new improvements; big
yard. 271B Clementina st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
GTtoTE7~SlT~™?a71''Ulrmi>^^
6 large, sunny rooms; piano; front and side
yards; family stable; rent $40 without stable.
Apply on premises or MADISON ft BURKE.
FURNISHED flat 5 rooms and bath. 1510A
Hyde st.
$10— SUNNY clean' flats. 3-4 rooms; rear flat,
$7 50; yard, cellars. 1008 Natoma st.. nr. 11th.
FURNITURE KOIt SALE.
ELEGANT furniture of six rooms; Clayton st.
Apply 257 Paee st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $43 f.0, with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUKMTUKE WAXTED.
$3000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllverstein. 1121 Market: tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.. Days
highest price for your second-band furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpetg. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WAI.TED-FEMALB.
A CASHIER; restaurant; $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
A WOMAN with a child. Mountain View, $15;
al5O, a woman with a child, $10, a boy pre-
ferred. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS and housemaid, country. $25 and
$20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— 10 cooks, with and without wash-
Ing. ?S0 and $35; 8 second Kirls. different na-
tionalities, city and country, $20 and $25; 2
laundresses for hotel. $30 and $35; French nur-
sery Kcverness, $25; French nurse. $20; 3
young nurseglrls. ?15; 10 waitresses, city and
country. $20 and $25; 3 waitresses, cafe, nice
place. $7 a week; cook, country, small hotel
JHO; cook for miners, $30; cook on fruit ranch,
$30; 45 sirls for housework- In nice city and
country rilaces. J25 and $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT Acency, 316 Sutter st.
A NURSE— one child, $25; girl to cook for S
people, $25; country woman with child, $15;
houseedrl. Oakland. 2 in family, $25; cook,
$30. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
COMPOSITOR. 9 a. m., 23 Davl« St., room 15.
GIRLS to learn typesetting and presefeeding;
$3 per week flrst year. 516 Commercial st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market Bt.
GIPL about 15 to assist with light housework.
1418 OFarrell 6t.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 1504
Ellis st.
GOOD plain cook. Call 2425 Fillmore St., from
9 to 12.
WANTED— A Christian young woman for
housework: suitable person will be made as
one of the family; Ross Valley In summer and
city in winter. Apply 631 Post st
GIRL or woman for housework in small family:
$12 to $15. 838 Fourteenth st.
GOOD neat girl for genrral housework and
plain cooking. 3 Belvedere St., between Cole
and Clayton.
WANTED — A girl for general housework in a
small family of adults; wages $15; American
or Swedish preferred. 315 Scott st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework for
widower and S children; wages $12 to $15. In-
quire, In rear S07 Filbert st.
YOl*. T G lady to train for nurse; High School
graduate. Call 1 and 2, 1609 Jackson st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 3190
Sixteenth St., near Guerrero.
GIRL or old lady to take care of baby, and
assist with light housework. 984 Folsom St..
bet. Fifth and Sixth.
WANTED— A elrl to do cooking and a little
housework. Apply 2014 Webster st.. near Cali-
fornia, bet. 9 and 12 Tuesday and Wednesday;
¦wages $25.
WAXTEP-A good talloresg at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED — Girl for general housework: must be
good cook; small washing; wages $25; bring
reference. Apply 3232 Jackson st. ;., .-.-.,
FIRST-CLAPS tailoress on custom coats: good
wages. .» Pino place, oft Pino St., nr. Mason.
WANTED— Good tailoress; steady work; good
wages. 2P19 Greenwich at.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and general house-
work. Apply between 9 a. m. and 12 m.,
2422 Clay st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework ;
one in family. 12 Walnut ave., between Post
and Sutter. Larkin and Polk.
GIRL for cooking and general housework. Ap-
ply 1622 Geary st.,- between 9 and 11 a. m.
¦WANTED — An experienced operator on Singer
machine; electric power. 231 Powell st.
GIRL to wait at table; nice place. Philadel-
phla Hotel, 203-20C Perry st.
WANTED — A (rood young girl for light general
housework; wages $12. 152S Post st.
A YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages $10. 2005 Pine st. . «»
APPRENTICES In millinery store at- 892 McAl-
lister st. .¦.:;.', :>.-.<• »¦*! ¦•-;•••',¦
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker by the day; no
other need apply. 813% Geary st.'
APPRENTICES wanted on custom, coats. E3S
Natoma Bt. •
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: steady work;
hlchest wages paid. Apply Immediately, U.
8. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave.. bet.
Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
GIRLS wanted to' rivet - overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32% Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED girl or woman to take care of
child- and do ligrht housework: $10; good
home. 2S20 Mission St., near T wenty-flrst.
HELP WAXTED-FE3IALB.
G R. HANSEN & CO ....Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses. Springs. $20. see party here: 15
waitresses, different resorts and commercial
hotels, $20 and J25; 3 waitresses, city, J20; 2
chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids,
city. $17 £0.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook, private family, country, $30 (see party
here), no wash, choice place; cook, Nevada,
$30, private family; cock, city, $35; 6 second
girls, city and across the bay, $20; house-
keeper for old lady; German or Swedish
ranch cooks, $25, fare paid, and numerous
other orders for house girls, cooks, second
girls, nurses.
C. R. HANSEN &' CO.,
j 104 Geary st.
2 SHAMPOOERS for baths at Springs, $25 and
found; see party here this morning. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— A woman to travel in the middle
and Western States; must be healthy, a. good
worker and responsible. Address Traveler,
box 3479. Call office.
A YOUNG girl can have a good home, kind
treatment, board and clothes In exchange for
assisting with light housework; orphan pre-
ferred. Address MRS. B.. box 3489, Call.
WOMAN for housework; recommendations;
i wages $8. MRS. M. L. COOPER. Redwood
City.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cuttlng'B branch. Seventh and Berry.
EXPERIENCED operators on gent's white
shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., between 13th and 14th. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 108S
Valencia ft.
UELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 6S48
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE
7469 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington, Arizona, Oregon. Colorado, Ne-
vada. British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
And no other expenses to Reno (Nev.) Dist.
I>os Angeles District Truckee District ;
Santa Barbara District Shasta District
Salt Lake City District.. Crows Landing Dlst. j
Panta Cruz District Newman District
Dunsmuir District Bakersfleld District
Soda Springs District Ma'lera District
San Luis District Surf District
SPECIAL TO SHASTA COUNTY DISTRICT.
Redding Delta Dunsmuir
and other points good wages
and other places; we ship free free
COME QNE. COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
quarrymen, spikers, section hands, tunnel-
men, steel gangs, etc.; wages $3, $2 50. $2 23,
$2, $1 90 a day and free shipment
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 m?n Cally
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
it costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; come
Bee
MU'R'R'A'Y''&'REAb'Y.''f.34-636''c'l'a'y' 6t.
A— 65 CARPENTERS. . . Carpenters . . . Carpenters
12 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, i3 25
day, very long Job. FREE FARE
B carpenters for vineyards, ranches and wine-
ries; 25 rough carpenters for building flumes,
etc., 1 year's Job: also many house carpen-
ters, wages $3 50. $3. $2 60 and $2 a day and fd
53 laborers to go with carpenters to help, no
experience required, you'll suit, wages, $30,
$35, $40 and found. 1 year's Job
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MINES— GOLD, SILVER and Other Mines.
163 miners, some single-hand, some double,
some machine and Burleigh drillers for 37
different mines ?U0. $75 and $60 and found
365 men to work about the mines as laborers,
anybody will suit, no experience required,
$C0, $r.0, $4S, $40 i-er month and found, ccme
see: fireman, 16 muckers, $60; 12 men to learn
CROWDS GOING. ..... .MURRAY '& READ Y.
BIO WAGES PAID 634-636 Clay St.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE TO
39 SAWMILLS, ETC
Circular sawyer, $4 and found
20 swampers, $40 and found
Spool tender, $65 and found
26 bark peelers. $40 and found
Gangedger hand, $60 and found
Jackscrewcrs
Screw turner, $6o and found Tree fellers
Bench hand, planing mill, $90.... Drag sawyer
"Woods foreman; sawmill foreman; band saw-
yer and all kinds of help for mills and
woods. $120 to $30 and found
ANYBODY WILL SUIT
365 laborers and men for sawmills and woods,
you'll suit, no experience wanted, $30, $35/ $10
and $50 and found
4S7 woodchoppers, tiemakers, etc.. for all
parts of California, some at gold mines, $1.
$2 DO, $2, $1. 75c conl. 10c. lie. 12c. 13c each,
tools and food found; 23 two-horse teamsters
for mill. $60
WE PAY MURRAY & READY
YOUR FARES 634-636 Clay gt...
A— COME down and get our list of 7S65 Jobs and
read our latest bulletin boards. COME
EARLY. MURRAY & READY, 6.">4-636 Clay.
A— STABLES.. DAIRIES.. FARMS... HARVEST
FIELDS... .HAY PRESSES.... ORCHARDS...
ETC COME.. ..SEE
86 stablemen for cjty and country Jobs; host-
lers, buggy washers, harness cleaners and all
round stablemen, $35, $45,. $40, $35, $30, $25 and
found
S3 farm hands, etc $35, $30, $20 and found
87 milkers and butter-makers
$35. $30, $23 and found
32 harvest hands, 6 hay balers $3 50 day
12 chcremen and boys.. $25, $20, $15, $10 and fd
sheep herders; coachmen and gardeners, pri-
vate. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— MECHANICAL HELP . v
36 blacksmiths, also helpers and horseshoers,
$3 to $2 a day
6 wagon woodworkers, $3 50, $3
coreraakers. $3
3 carriage makers. $3. ...6 Iron molders, $3 50
8 bridge builders. $3 50 paper-hanger
handy man around machinery on ranch, $30
and found: painters, carriage trimmers, har-
ness makers, cabinet makers, coopers and
other mechanics, $3 50, $4, $3, $2 60 day
COME ALL „
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— WE GAVE EMPLOYMENT -.
1897 to upward of 17,000 men
1S3S to upward of 19.000 men
....„.., 1899 to upward of 21,000 men
SS6 teamsters, laborers, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, including San Francisco and Oakland.
$3. $2 50, $2, $1 75 day, some board at home....
accountant for lumber company
boys for factories, stores, etc., $4, $5, $6 week;
boys to deliver circulars: farmers and wives;
choremen and wives. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay gt.
A— HOTEL LAUNDRY.... BAKERY.. Butchers*
department /.
4S cooks, come eee $70. $60. $50. $40. $30 fd
89 waiters $35, $30. $25 and found
19 dishwashers.... $30. $26. $25, $S>, $15 and fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for In-
stitutions, sausage makers, pantrymen
9 butchers $35. $40. $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants, second and third
hands; also boys, $50. $60. $40, $S0, $25 and fd:
14 laundrymen, $33, $10 and found. .COME SEE
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
800 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld.. $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road SI a day
* 100 laborers for a quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Sh'.p daily Office fee. $1 Free fare
Four more house carpenters: S. P. Co. work;
$3 a day; board $4 50 a week; free fare.
8 carpenters to build section houses. Coast
road, $3 to $3 25 a day, free fare
20 laborers for sawmill and woods, Mendoclno
Co., $26 and board, fare advanced; fireman for
dredger, $40 and board; miners, machine men,
blacksmiths, farmers, wheelwrights, milkers,
choremen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Railroad camp cook, $55 and free fare; 6 sec-
ond and third cooks. $50 and $30: meat cut-
ter, $40; bedmaker. $9 a week; Janitor, $35;
neat young barkeeper, city, $10 a week; as-
sistant storeroom man, country hotel, $25 and
free fare; elevator boy, country hotel, $15 and-
free fare; waiters, potwaehers, dishwashers,
kitchen hands and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A NURSE for Institution, country, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— WAFFLEMAN. country hotel, $45 and
found, free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A— ERRAND boy who knows city and lives
with his parents for this office.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
MAN and wife, private family, $50; farmer and
wife for fruit and poultry ranch. $50; 2 men
and wives. $45 and $50; stable and choreman,
private place. $25; Swiss gardener, $30; man
about place. $30; 2 coachmen. $35; farmers,
milkers; pattern-maker, country, fare re-
funded. $4 day: carpenter for hotel, $2 50 and
board: bench hands for planing mills. $3 to
$3 25 day; sheep herder, $30; woodsmen and
laborers of all kinds at going watrea; miners,
$2 50 and $3 day; blacksmiths and other me-
chanics; cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S
Sacramento st.
_______
4 more men for light farm work. $26 and
board: teamster and do stable work. city. $30
and found; machine driller, quarry, $2 50 to
$3 a day: elevator man. hotel, city. $25 and
found; waiter, country hotel, $30 and fare ad-
vanced ; 3 laborers for quarry, $25; cheese-
maker, $35; milker, $30; machine miners, $3
day: single hand miners, ¦ $2 50 day; lunch
counter, man, - $35 :. plain carpenter, city, $2
day; waiter. Institution, $15 and found; cook,
country hotel, $40. W. D. EWER & CO., 810
Clay »t.
WAITER — Young man: must . do porter work
and carry trays; Slavonian preferred. 17 Eddy.
HELP ' WANTED MALE.
A MAN and wife, as cook and gardener: coun-
try; $401 MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 1th: tel. Jessie Io2-
WAXTED-Cash boys at RAPHAEL'S.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant butcher and helD on
- range. Call after G a. m.. Breuss' Cafe. .0
Third st.
BOY to work in tailor's store. Address box
3408, Call office. In own handwriting, stating
age and residence.
"WANTED— Young man to wash dishes and
work In kitchen. 258 First st.
WA.STED-A good wagon blacksmith at "The
Cottage " bet 7 and 8 Mile House on Mission
road. J. P. SWEENY. Prop. __
GOOD upholsterer. A. BRUHNKE. 1713 Polk
street. ;
WANTED— A vegetable man. 434 Fifth st.
WANTED— Two horseshoers for fire and floor.
Northeast comer Third and Silver sta.
BARBER— Good Tnan wanted. 120 Geary «t.
GOOD barber wanted: steady. 1724 Market st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 623 Clay st.
WANTED— Steady man for permanent place:
will pay 165 per month year around: short
hours; light work; must have $100 caah. 1018
Market St.. room 10.
WANTED— A boy. Apply at Paclfle Shirt Co..
1038 Market st. ¦ ;
WANTED— A young man to run a Hercules
gasoline engine; one with experience pre-
ferred; steady employment. Box 2960, Ca'.l.
WANTED— Strong boy to work in fruit store:
resident of Mission preferred. Apply between
8 and 12, N.W. cor. Hampshire and 24th sts.
NEAT boy about 15 years old for office. Apply
410 Kearny St.. room 20, 10 a. m.
CABINET makers wanted. R. HERRING. 559
Brannan Bt. ,
WANTED— A butcher at Tlburon. Marin
County^ _^
BOT for doctor's office; not over 15. Apply
German Physicians. 1019 Market st.
1100 PER week and upward earned selling our
securities. AMERICAN EXPLORATION CO..
Claus Spreckels building. S. F.
ERRAND boy. G. C. HALL &. SON, 12 Sut-
tcr st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker: paid by week. 541
Market st.
WANTED— A man to work about a place. 1443
Harrison st. '
DISHWASHER wanted at 202 Thompson st.;
call at 5:30 a. m.
LUNCH and second waiter. German Hotel. 660
Howard at.
COOK wanted at 20i Sixth st.
WANTED— A waiter at 922 Battery St.. corner
Green.
WANTED— Tailors on military •coats; steady
Job: good wages. 2S19 Greenwich at.
¦WANTED^-A good barber. Corner Seventeenth
and Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
DRY cleaner and presser. Caledonian Dye
Works. 8*3. gan Pablo ave..- Oakland.
¦WANTED— A man to do chores and tend to
horse and wagon. Jefferson Hotel, Harbor
View.
BOY to attend store and run errands. ROGER-
SON. 535 Valencia st.
PAINTERS wanted. Call at Franklin School.
Eighth and Bryant sts.
BOOTBLACK— At 3S»4 Turk St.. cor. Taylor.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; cit-
izens of United States; of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English; recruits are specially de-
sired for service in Philippines. For Infor-
mation apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
15-CENT barber shop; established trade; mod-
ern fitted; ofTers % interest to good man on
reasonable terms: guarantees $15 per week
for 6 hours' work; part cash. STOLTZ. 630
Market st^
BARBERS— Half interest in Brooklyn Hotel
shop; good, steadv and transient trade: cheap
to good men; call Immediately. STOLTZ. 630
Market st. "> "."
BARBERS— Shop and baths, with furnished liv-
ing room. In good town of 1200 people: a bar-
galn. DECKEUIAX BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
YOUNG man to drive butcher wagon. 1S03
Haight St.. Golden Gate Market. "
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damajred. half
price. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and,2d >ts.
MAN cook. 322 Main st.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop for sale. 1 Spear St.,
near Market.
BRIGHT boy wanted for Jewelry store; state
references. Box 3462. Call office.
NEW g-oods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood building.
GET your ehoes half-soled while waiting, 23c to
50c. E62 Mission gt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character: between the ages
of 21 and So years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recraltlng Of-
fice. 40 Ellis ft.. San Francisco, Cal.. 530 K St..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1058 J St.. Fresno. Cal.
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla, Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent—at the mines or to .the company, at
328 Montgomery St., San Francisco. San
Francisco and San .Joaquln Coal Company.
WANTED — Labdrers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 23c per night; $1 to $2 Der week.
"WANTED — Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 627 14th St., near Guerrero.
San' Francisco Construction- Company.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: small
wapes while learning: catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard St.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25a night: reading room; free
'bus and bafreraflre to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 23c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Flllmore et.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buerlen.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wedneslay.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
65 HEAD dairy cattle for sale. Address box
8403. Call office.
FOR SALE — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZEIL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES— Young, well broken; for all purposes-
cheap; best In rlty. 721 Howard at., nr. Third.
HORSES WAXTED.
GOOD team of draft horses: will expect to try
before purchase. Address box 2945. Call.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for dr.
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath. 124 Cedar ave
off Van Ness, near Geary gt. "
FIRST. 305. Just above Folsom— 6 rooms for 2
families: In Kood order; 115. '
$30— HOUSE of 8 rooms, bath; open plumbing-
new paper. 1S23 Broadway.
HYPNOTISM.
LEARN, to "control and influence others"-
"professional diploma": terms reasonable.
Address "College of Su^stestlve Therapeutics."
li.Sl Market st.. near Twelfth.
LOST AM) FOU.\D.
LOST— A pasabook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of. FREDERICK MACK. No. 230-672
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On MUlbrae road, double barreled shot-
gun. - Please address E. M., care grocery.
Nineteenth and York ets.. San Francisco.
LOST— Mexican hairless dog: name Skip. Re-
turn to 213 Post St.: reward.
LOST— A pair Of pearl opera glasses at Grand
Opera-house, Wednesday evening; reward $5.
767 Market st. • ¦ .
LOST — A dot? wearing a collar with license No.
3402. Return to 113 Prospect place; reward $4.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, souvenir after moth-
er, in St. Patrick's Church, or on the way.
Mission to Fifth st. Please return to 157
Seventh st. ; $5 reward.
7
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Gold-rimmed spectacles. Return to Call
offica. t
LOST— July 24. small black dog: long, /silky
hair; white throat and pairs: named Toodlea;
$£> reward. 10C5 Golden Gate ave.
IF the Chinese lariy that took the two rinss
from my residence at 727 Washington at., Sun-
day moraine: about 10 o'clock, will return th»
6-carat diamond rine to me immediately na
questions will be asked. DR. TONG PO CHI.
FOUND— Great Dana pup; inquire at M Dash
st. : pay expenses.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3. 122S Market «t.— Reli-
able ladles' and gents* specialists; 32 y-»ri
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fle: ladles treated can return home the *aim
day: try the celebrated HINDO HERB Treat-
ment for home cure: any one can use it by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5. positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful m?tlical
attention; consultation free and confidential;
hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8: Sundays 10 to 2.
446 Eddy st., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $3; have treated thousands of cases witti
success; 15 years' practice la S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007% Market at., near Sixth.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, the wortd-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; hus prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can b«
used at home; consultation free. After all
othera fall call on him. 1023^ Market tt.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement: treatment at
office $5; any ailment; consultation free: con-
fldentlal. 842 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DB. NG TOT KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured: herbs and teas; aani-
tarium 704 Sacramento, cor. Kearny: advice fre#
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1C35 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; home in confinement: safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE — The only genuine ladles' specialist.
Office 1113 Market St.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MILL VALLEY COTTAGE TO LET.
TO LET— 5-roorn cottage for month of August
or long»r if desired; furnished complete. Ap-
ply GEO. TV. ELDER, room 20. Phelan Bldg.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont *t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and effle* furniture aud
fixtures: new and eecond-hand; we- always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: write for catalogue.
A VERT fine 12-bons Remington hammerlfs
shotgun for $20; cost originally JJ2. UNCX3
HARRIS. 15* Grant ave.
A— BUTS. sells or renta gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
A— $3 50 DERBT and FeSora hats, Jl 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pln»».
A FINE assortment of old-style mahogany fur-
nlture. 318 Fifth st.
FOR SALE — Cocker spaniel; pups for sale at
43 Albion ave. _^^_^_^
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline enar. H. S. White, fit? Mission.
A FINE suit. S10: dress pants. $2 '5. MISKIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: lato
model; cheap. Typewriter Kxchanire. 403 Cai.
EDISON concert phonograph— Reduced prk-».
$73; concert records. $1 SO. Bacigalupi. S33 M'<r.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers: lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beai-*.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and buri-
iar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Pest it.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
SAFES— New and secend-hand: all sizes. TKS
WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-111 Market 3t.. San Frar..
MISCELLANEOUS YVAXT9.
WANTED— Boilors. 54-inchxlS feet. KROGH
MFG. CO., 9-17 Stevenson st.
SEALSKINS are what we ray bis: prices f jr.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
IF vou wish full value foryo'ir cast-off clothing
call on R. COHKN. 157 Third: t.M. I'.lqrk 4*.^.
" ~ MONEY TO LOAA.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: l?t. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay gret my term* before dolnjj business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r 3.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per c«nt: first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation leans, chattel
mortgages, life, insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick.
#<?i"Vic© • ixxoiscy direct i lowr^st Interest, .^toorcjs
68 and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market St.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 15 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9, respectable prlvata
place to borrow en watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
.ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER &CO., 28 Montgomery.
ANT amount on furniture and pianos; 3 per
cent; no i eivioval * no com. xtooro SI. ft EZddy.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy st.
ANY sum. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, chattels, etc R. 603. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 820 Market st.. solves all kinds of
financial problems: *<1 mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. SOS Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no ccm-
riisslcn: private. LICK. US McAllister st.
Tw salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. rMs'fwnt Ap>tic7. US Phelan r>uil<11n»r.
MUSICAL IXSTUCMEXTS.
THERE Is only one "best" piano for people to
buy. and that Is the TVcker & Son. Full stoclc
at MAUVAIS Music House. 763 Market st.
If you want to rent a good piano chean wp
can suit you: if you want to buy on Install-
ments wa will plea*e you; try us. MAUVAIS
Music Company. 7oD Market st.
"WE have the handsomest line of piano covers
ever shown In the city: call nnd see them and
get our very low prices. MAUVAIS Music
Co.. 769 Market Bt.
AS usual, we offer some fine bargains.
Cne Steck Upright, walnut case; like nerw.
One Weber Upright, walnut case; new.
One Fischer Upright: -la fine order.
One Sterling Upright: mahogany case.
One Neumann Upright; very good.
One Curtaz Upright: oak case; excellent.
Prices from J135 up: J.I per month.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'FarTell st.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every grade from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those cf other dealers.
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, $8 ca^h, J6 per
month: oth*r pianos, $3, !4 and 13 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
__ ,^____ __ — — _ Z!ZZI 1— _^_ __ __ .^___
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest boas*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
I«. IS and 30 CKarrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world :
old Italian harp: also eld violin for sale-
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
REMOVAL of Keeffe's piano store from Van
Ne?s to $33 Market, bet. 5th and 6th next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction sale f Jr
t weeks; open ev'ngs: call and get low prices,
i A BEAUTIFUL upright, fine tone, handsome
case used very little. Jiso : 8P e this before it
la gold. The J. DEWIXQ CO.. Flood btdy.
E "\ GANT - " ew - three-i>edal upright: sell for
JU.0 or rent £» 50 month. S42 Kearny st.
A NICE uprtsht piano, made by the Flse'icr
Company, $100. Room 10. Flood bullJlng.
THE .WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. S14 Post st. ;
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
B °t^ R * C & I 3 ™ 1 M » nz * GaMer. HamU^
too pianos. 308 Post st.. opp. Union Square.
B ££^£PiC G< 55r T ? lano cheap; . Installment (3
per montli. BCHMITZ. 19 McAllister itReport of Lord Curzon oti Conditions
in the Famine Districts of
India.
LONDON, July 30.— The following dis
patch from the Viceroy of India, Lord
Curzon of Keddlestone, to the Secretary
of State for India, Lord George Hamil
ton, was received to-day:
"Considerable anxiety Is felt owing to
the weakness of the monsoon. The situa
tion is serious and critical in Guadajarat,
Baroda and Rajputana West, which are
not sown. No fodder whatever Is available
ln the southwest part of the Punjab. Sown
crops are in imminent danger, as rain
continues to hold -off. Fodder Is scarce
and cattle are dying in the central pro
vinces of the Therera and Hyderabad.
Good crops are possible only in case the
monsoon improves.
"One-quarter of the inhabitants of the
central provinces are on Mief. The total
number "requesting relief is 6,266,000," with
incomplete Bombay figures."
The Governor of Bombay telegraphs
that there were S607 cholera cases in the
famine district during the week ending
July 21. of which 5073 resulted fatally. The
total deaths In the relief works of the
British district were 6753, or 425 per 1000.
There has been a good rainfall In North
Gujarat and Kathiawar, and agricultural
prospects are favorable in the remalndei
of the affected tracts.
The numbers on relief works are de
creasing and gratuitous relief is increas
ing.
MONSOON TOO WEAK
TO GIVE RELIEF
Accident to One of the' Cylinders Pre
vents a Complete Test, but
Builders Are Satisfied.
PHILADELPHIA, July SO.— The Russian
cruiser Varlag returned to Cramp's ship
yards to-day from her trial trips. During
the run back .from Boston the ship, was
speeded with the view of fulfilling the
contract requirement of twenty-three
knots an hour for twelve hours. The trial
began off Nantucket Shoals, and a con
tinuous speed of 23.S to 23.7 knots was de
veloped for seven and a half hours, when
an accident to one of the high-pressure
cylinders compelled the abandonment of
the remaining four and a half hours*
trial. In a statement given out at the of
fice of the builders It is said that the
speed already developed showed. there
could be no reasonable doubt M the abil
ity to maintain a speed cor. • erably in
excess of twenty-three knots. :•_ £,¦-,?
EMBASSADOR TO ITALY.
President Tenders, the Appointment
to Roger Wolcctt.
WASHINGTON, July 20.—The Presi
dent has tendered the appointment of
Embassadnr to Italy to former Governor
Rog»r Wolcott of Massachusetts. The
Italian . Government has been asked
whether Mr. "Wolcott would be acceptable
to it in such a capacity, a formal way ob
served in international relations. So far
no response has .been received to either
of the inquiries.
Mr. Wolcott is supposed to be In France
and the President has communicated with
him by cable, so that an early answer Is
expected. ¦
Delay in Molineux Case.
| NEW YORK, July 30.—Judge Dugro of
the Supreme Court to-day handed down
CRUISER VARIAG BACK
FROM HER TRIAL TRIP
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Geo Tyson. Boston Miss r>ennis, Chicaco
J T Lynch, Menl6 D F Warnock, Chicago
E D Marshall, Fhila L Helm & w, L Anc
C de Poole, NY E Kermany, Ohio »
W G Sorenson, Texas J D Morgan, Bolinas
F HI Strozies, Portland IT Flint Jr, S J Hill
J J O'Connor, Elmlra J T Cober & w, Ky
J L Grlswold, Elmira G Easton & w, L Ang
Mrs Griswold. Elmlra'J G Perry & w, Va
Mies N Grlswold, N YjH B Claxson. U S S
Miss C Marion, DawsnlR Ripley. Chicago
L Woodbury &. w, ChiciK Tajima, Japan
C B Beardsley, Chicago F Ogleboy, w & c, K C
W E Dunn, L Ang W H Chickerlnc, Oak
H C Wyatt. L Ang C Dow/iing, Aurora
E H Cox, Madera J S Tobin, S Mateo
C S Hardy, S Diego T Ryan & w. U S A
F J Dennis & w, Chic J D Schuyer, L Ang
E P Dennis, Chicago C Dillman, Milwaukee
GRAND HOTEL.
J Kullman, Benlcia C Littlefield & w, Cai
A B Cash, S Jose H Corry, Salinas
G B McKee, S Jose A M Chase, Denver
A D Rochebrome, S J Dupont Syle & w. Berk
\V« H Haydock, S J CO Wigglns^Phila
H A Alexander, S Jose W C Starr, Detroit
W" D Bell, S Barbara Mrs F Wheaton, Dtroit
E B Walbridge, Tuscan |0 H Spring, Arcata
T H Estrella. Yosemite J G Manon, USA
W H Linden, S Rosa|Mrs G Smith, Sacto
a Thompson, S Rosa H T Schorben, Seattle
H B Towne, S Clara D Reid & w, Redding
\. Fibrush, Oakland A J Larson^Lodl
J H Hosklns, Stkn A Tognagzlnl, » L C
T McNiel & w, Mich Mrs Pierano. S Jose
\V McNiel, Ann Arbor Mrs Tillij>ello. S Jose
P McNiel, Ann Arbor J McA May, Boston
Dr A Preston, Globe E G Turber, w&d, Cal
Mrs J C Quinn, L Ang.Q Wetmore, Suisun
Miss M Quinn, L Ang E A Preble, Cal
D C Mitchell. S Helena V J Ruh, Cal
W Taulkner, L Ang T B Hall, Sacto
A P Shepherd, Fresno R M. Brown &. w, S C
A B Hazen, Iowa; J W Lalng, N Y
H Radin, Fresno / ' T Maher, Wlnslow
Miss Robe. F Grove. O J Coltho & w. Fresno
Mrs H C Ross. Sacto A Miller. L Ang.
C Harvey, Sacto Mrs M Thomas, L Ang
Mrs \V Milkin*. Chic E Aaron, w&d, Miss
G A Cook. Chicago G E Hugglns, Lamar
W P Smith & d. Humb R A Bacon, Graysvllle
W Lltilefleld, Salinas
GEORGETOWN, Ky., July 30.—Ex-Sec
retary of State Caleb Powers took the
stand in his own behalf to-day, but did
not complete his testimony on direct ex
amination. He will be on the stand all
day to-morrow. His defense is an admis
sion that he organized the body of moun
taineers who went to Frankfort on sev
eral occasions last winter for influence
with the State Contest Board and the
Legislature, but not to intimidate them.
He entered a denial of the damaging
charges made against him by Witnesses
Culton, Golden, Noakes and others. On
the stand this afternoon he denied that
Henry Youtzey had the keys to his office
on tiie day of theassasslnatlon, but said
that there were two keys to the office,
one of which was- in the possession of for
mer Assistant Secretary of State W. J.
Davidson and another in the possession of
Ben Rowe, Governor Taylor's colored por
ter. Powers says neither of these keys
was ever in his possession, and that he
had his own key In his pocket in Louis
ville the day of the assassination. David
son is in the far West, supposed to be In
the State of Washington, and Rowe, the
colored porter, is somewhere in Indiana,
probably at Anderson.
Commonwealth's Attorney Franklin said
to-night if it is shown that Robert
weaver, the witness who claimed to be
from Colorado and who gave sensational
testimony, swore falsely he will be prose
cuted for forgery. "Weaver Is being held
here, and the commonwealth's attorney
has instructed the police to shadow him
and prevent him from leaving pending an
investigation.
In regard to the bringing of the moun
taineers to Frankfort, the witness said:
'There were three crowds of men
brought to Frankfort, and I had some
thing to do with the organization. The
purpose was to show the interest of these
people in the matters in hand at that
time, and not to intimidate either the
Election Board or the Legislature. I in
structed the men to do no acts of violence,
and, so far as I know, none was com
miued by them.
"The last crowd of men was brought
for a double purpose. "We expected to use
them as witnesses before the contest
board, -and also to show by their pres
ence the Interest they felt in the contests.
\\ e also had heard rumors that we were
to be forcibly ejected from the offices.
These rumors were based on newspaper
reports. We intended to resist violence."
Continuing, the witness said he had re
ceived information that Mr. Hill, the con
testant for Secretary of State, would not
wait until the contests were settled in
court, but would undertake to take forci
ble possession as soon as the contest
board acted.
Secrecy Necessary.
"If that sort of thing." said he, "had
been attempted, we intended to hold the
offices. I had a conference with Governor
Taylor, and he advised the bringing of a
large body of men to show their interest
in political affairs. He also advised that
they be brought armed, and promised to
pay the expenses. I acted on this. The
plans were kept secret to prevent drop
ping us through a bridge or derailing our
train. I told those In the conference that
the utmost secrecy must be observed in
getting there before the news got out."
At the afternoon session the defendant
resumed the stand. He told of the Bar
bourville conference, at/ which Finley.
Powers and others discussed the arrange
ments for taking the mountaineers to
Frankfort with John A. Black, who
stremgly opposed the movement. The wit
ness said ho assured Black that he and
Finley would use their best endeavors to
keep the crowd from degenerating into a
mob," but denied that he told Black he
was Eroing to organize a mob.
He said he had no recollection of having
said in the presence of W. H. Culton
that the Legislature would be given thirty
minutes to act, and if it did not do it in
that time they would kill the Democratic
legislators. Afterward he said positively
that no such remarks were made, and
added:
"The men came and nothing of the sort
was done. "We could have cleaned them
up, as Culton put It, if we had desired."
In regard to sending the men home from
Frankfort the evening of January 25.
about which Witness Noakes testified last
week, and told of a breach between the
witness and Governor Taylor, Powers
said:
"I heard that they were going to send
the men home, and I opposed, as the men
had been up all the night before. I went
to see Governor Taylor. He told me it
had been decided to send them home, as
their presence was having a bad effect."
Kept His Keys.
The witness testified that he did not
glvo Toutsey a key, or keys, nor did he
hear a conversation with John Powers
and Golden In reference to Goebel going
to be killed by Tallow. Dick Combs. He
did meet him in the hall of the Legisla
tive building, and Youtsey asked him to
let him into the offl/e. Witness did not
know why Youtsey wanted to get in there,
but witness did not want him In there.
"Witness had his keys in his pocket.
He talked with Treasurer Day and with
"vV. J. Davidson Monday evening, January
29, about bringing another body of men
to Frankfort, but he did not decide till
Tuesday morning, the morning of the as
sassination. It was agreed to do it. **
Day. Golden and witness went to Louis
ville for the purpose of securing transpor
tation for the crowd that was to be got
up. The witness explained that the slip
of paper found in his pockets when he
was arrested and which read, "Powers is
our friend," signed by W. S. Taylor, was
given to him by Governor Taylor on the
morning of the assassination to be taken
to Pension Agent Leslie Combs at Louis,
vllle, who had charge of the funds with
which the expenses of the contest were
being paid.
The testimony was Interrupted at this
point by adjournment
3>enies the Damaging Assertions
Made by Culton, Noakes, Golden
and Other Wit
nesses. •
Tells of the Bringing oi
Mountaineers to
Frankfort.
POWERS ON THE
STAND IN HIS
OWN BEHALF
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JULY 31, 1900.
a decision denying the petition of Weeks
& Battle, attorneys for Roland B. MoII
neux, for a writ of mandamus to compel
Recorder Goff to summarily decide the
Molirieux appeal papers. Judge Dugro's
decision means a delay of many months
In Molineux's favor, during which time
the condemned man must stay in the
death cell.
11
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
IIOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
TEHAMA. 47S, nr. Sixth— $12; 3 furnished
housekeeping rooms; kitchen complete.
I'.U.MIMK\
MME. Neercaard. Pies. St. Germain Collepe of
PaiTiiytry; read* 1 -.o ?. CIS Geary, nr. Jones.
TATLOn, 1C-8— A complete suite of sunny house-
t«; !i s rooms:
mVIJilSM* NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 107 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable £.t the office of th*
company. 327 Market St.. on and after
WEDNESDAY. 1 August L 1S00. , Transfer
books will clow on Thursday, July 26, 1*00,
« X o'clock P.^ eHELDON(
OAKLA.VD PCRS1TURE FOR SAL.tZ.
AN introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
CLOSING CEMETERIES.
On March 30th of this year the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco passed Or-
dinance No. 25,. prohibiting the burial of
the dead within the city and county. Thia
law goes into^eftcct August 1, 1901. His-
tory shows that all large cities have found
It necespary t« close tnelr cemeteries, and
immediately '-^e relatives and friends be-
Kin to remov;. »holr loved ones to cemeter-
ies less liable to be disturbed by the
growth of the city. For full particulars
and expenses in disinterring and transfer-
ring bodies apply to Charles H. Jacob &
Co funeral directors and embalmers,. 318
Mason street. Main 6213.
FOR SALE— Valuable- Improved and productive
property, bringing ln a monthly rental of $134;
cald property is situated on th* main avenue
leading from Oakland to Alameda: to be sold
as a whole or ln subdivisions for cash or on
easy terms. Address MRS. SEVIN VIN-
CENT. £27 Park ave.. Oakland. Cal. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan 8c Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M(r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
J3 MONTHLY rental— Cottage, cabin, well of
water; 4 flne lots; all fenced; fine chicken run;
will give option to purchase for $475 all told;
will make terr.^to suit; near a fine school-
house; W)-foot r»VIevard; S electric car lines
and fronting on main avenue; Ailendale
Tract, adjoining East Oakland; call or send for
circular: 455 Seventh st., near corner Broad-
way. Oakland; carriage free. II. 2. JONEd,
Land Owner.
OAKLAJVD HEAL ESTATK.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUMEPA ROOMS
THREE large rooms completely furnished, with
the use of double parlors; close to station; In
good location; complete for housekeeping.
210! Central ave.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A TTPEWR1TER. brand new. for *50. RE-
VALK. 4C3 California st^
IIOUMS FOU UOLSliKKlSI»l.VG.
A FLOOR of 4 beautiful large rooms, with
bath: completely furnished for house-
kf-eplng; hot and cold water; gas and tele-
phone: fine view; he'lthy location: ln a small
private familv; no small children wanted:
r«r.t reaeonaLIe. 4T31 Twentieth Bt.. nr. Caatro.
AT €2 P<c(,nd-L!cnt housekeeping. Jl W to J2 50
per »fc; cicgle and dcub'.e. $1 to t! tO per wk.
I'.IjUY CO4 — Two nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; gag; J-ujinlng water.
EDDY. S17-N"lctly furniAed connecting house-
keeping rooms; splendid location; private resl-
denc.
FKANKLIX. 21 (Ne-wport House)— Houtekeep-
ln£ rrr.*.; tunny, single rrcs.; gas. run, water.
KOLSC»M. 834 — Larre purmy room for Upht
housek«-ei.ln«r: closet; bath; private; 1 25 wk.
GULDEN <JATE ave.. 1SM-I13; thre« unfur-
nished rooms fcr housekeeping.
JIAIOHT, HI— Housekeeping rooms; use of
kitchen, tfiiiinjr-rrxvm. bath; also single rooms.
HARRISON. 721-Four room*: furnished com-
plftf tor hskpinR. ; lcrge yard ; rent f!6; bath.
HOWARD. 10o3',i— Sunny completely furnished
housek^epins rooms; also others.
HOWATtD. 1224—2 furnished sunny front rooma;
rnplt-te for housekeeping; eras stove,
ivy ave.. 24i. near Hayes »nd Franklin— Par-
l r >r tulte. famished; sink, Eiove; J14.
KEAItNKV. 104— Two or four unfurnished
nx>mi!; newly papered and palcted; a bargain.
MISSION. S45— Nice front room with folding
M and kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
MJS.SION. 1221— N«-ar new po^tofflce; nlcelr f»r-
sii«h«S runny connecting rooms.
OAK. 15 -Junction Df Market Ft. and Van Ness
;ive.; sunny hounck^plng rooms.
OAK. SI— Funny front -bay-window room; miit-
acle for 2 persons; also single housekeeping
rocrn.
OAK. IIS— Lsnse eunry room; closet: furnished
ior housekeeping: »S; ismaller rooms. $6.
BOUTH PARK. 1S4— tlO; two eunny rooms nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping.
•1'VPEWRITEIIS AXD SUPPLIES.
SSaFbaRGAINS IN TYPEWRrrER^S^We
cell better machines for le*s money than any
house ln the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California, telephone Main 26f.
sfnCMnO I IMC HATHOR 5500 tons
KUlSMUo Llllt OOTAVIA 7000tons
iVUUUlUU bill 1- LUXOR 6..00 tons
¦ ABYDOS 4000 tons
Monthly sailing tor Valparaiso and Hamburg,
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Tanls, 4300 tens, sails about August 10.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st. Pier No. 7 — Freight offlcc,
327 Market, st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Moatlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex-Thurs. night): Fri-
days, 1 p. m..and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main liiOS.
FARE Snc.
RAILROAD , TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. !
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH. PACIFIC :
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcuron Ferry, Foot of 'Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. '.
WfiEK VAY9—1-.30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.: 1J:3S.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11:30 o. rr.. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:20 d. m.
BUNDAYS-8:00, »30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 1:30,
5:00. 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS- «:10, 7:M. »:20. U:10 a. rn. ; 12:43.
3:10. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:2S and 6:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:10,
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
L^ave j In Effect, j Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 15, 1900.1 San Franclaco.
W«fk I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Dayg. I days. | Destination.] days, j I>ays.
7:30 ami 8:00 sm Novato. 10:40 amj 8 MO am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm!10:23 cm
6:13 pm S:COpm Santa Rosa. 7:55 pm' (:K;m
Fulton.
7:30 am Y/lndsor. 10:25 an
Healdsburs.
L.ytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:3S^pm <:20 pm
7:30 ami J Hopland I \ 110:25 am
3:30 pm| S:0O am| and Uklah. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
S:00 am Guerneville. 7:V> pm
3:30 pm 6:20 pm !
7:30 am 3:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S:40 am j
and !
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:03 pm 9:20 pm*
7:30 am] 8:00 ami- 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm] 5:00 pm| Sebastcpol. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton |
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Sprints: at |
GeyservHle for Skaszs Sprlncs: at Cloverdale [
for th« Orysera: at Hopland for Duncan ;
Springs. Highland Sprtncs. Kelseyville. Carls->
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett v
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springy. Blue Lalces. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, L!*rley*s, Bucknell's.
8anhedrln Heights. Hullville. Git's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port, Csal. Wllllts, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 850 Market st.. Chronicle "bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
O«n«ral Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
:•''• BA2XB0AD TRAVEL.
-1 v i-
AND KETUftn
on the NEW TRAINS of the
§anl? [e Route
to be sold
August 21st and 22d
good for return
Until October 22d.
Will tell you
all about it at
628 Market Street
or at
Ferry Ticiet Office, Foot of MarietSt.
r r
SANTA FE ROUTE TRAINS.
FOOT OF MARKET STREET.
=|3 M M =|?
2 § «V 5 DESTINATION. * m ¦ 3 o
i Is : fc [» 1 |s
• a--- , - g.z.
8:C0 pj 9:C0 a.Lv San Francisco Ar fi:oo p| 8:00 a
11:05 p|12:30 p'Ar Stockton Lv 2:.1o pi 4-40 a
i l:lXa 2:4^9 " Merced " li:i» pi 2:4!* a
] 3:oG a: 4:.V> p " Fresna " 10:30 a! l.CDa
j 7:Cfia[5:4Sp " Hanfnrd " S:3l a 7:53 p
4:JOa| 6:1S p! '* Vlsalia " >:3Sa(llJ4p
6:10 al «:40 pi " Tulare " 8:15 a 11:05 p
7:30 a' S:55 p " Eakersheld " I 6:uO al S:0u p
f 5:15 p! " Kansas City " llo:.".d aj
|7:4Oaj" Chicago " )10:CO p;
istock- Stock-
I ton v ton
I Daily. x Daily.
I 4:10 p'LT San Francisco Ar 11:20 al
I 7:1." p'Af Stockton Lvts:15a|
WWIlTIIKK.t l-dlt'll' * ttiUf \> \ .
IPACIFIC »TKTKM.>
Train* l*ni» naU »ro iIiik I «» nrrlto >• 1
KAN FUA\«I*«O.
; (Main Lin-, Foot of Market Street.)
isavi — From Jclt IS. 1310. — arrivs
*?:OI»a Benicia. SuUuii, Elmin. Tac&tllle.
Ramsey au<; .-Sacrament.. *7:13p
*?:OOa ShacU Express- Davis, Williams (for
Unrtlets Shrines). Willows, kind
blufl, foilUud. *7:l3r
•7::;o a Martinez. Saa Uamon. Vallejo. Nap*.
<•»!•«. -d^airl khiu l:..a» *ft:l.%p
*9:OOa DstU, \> oodianri. Knixbta Landing,
Marisrille. o™iiil«> *7:13r
•NiOOa Atlantic Kiprcw— UgJeii and Kaat *I1:ISa
•»::tt»« S*u Jose. l.iteridore. .Stockton.
lone. .Sacrmuiento. Placrr»iUe,
M»rja»ill". Clilco. Kk-1 I'.iuir MllSf
•9:30a Ort<U!e, Chiaesa (for Yusemite),
Honors. Carters Mit.ip
•¦>:«»» Haywanla. KUea and Waj Stations. # l 1:13*
•i»:Oi>A L09 Angeles Express — Martinez, .
Tracy, LatUrop, nwektoe, Merced
and Freiuo 'DilV
•9tS»A Vallejo, Martinez a. id Way .Station* *Sil3p
•IO:uu« Th.- OTerlaml Limited— Ot(deD. Oen-
»er. O:n*ha, Chicago *3:l3r
•ll:«M»i X'.Ies, I.Werinore, Hiockton, •'¦' icrv
nii-uto. Meudota. llai.fcnl. Vid»lU.
I'<,rter»l:l9 •I:I5[>
• I i:««M Haywards. Nile* and Way Stations, ••¦t-.tx?
tl:»»r H&rramnttu KhwrglwiH t3:O»*
•3:UOp Haywirds, Svi and W»j .Stations. *1: 15 c
•Mior Minting, hA Kamon, Vallejo,
Naps, Cull"!.!!!*, Santa Ktisa *H:I3a
•4i«0r Bentcfa, Winters. Harraiuenlo.
Woodland. KnhtilU l.autllnt-.
¦ MnrjsTiltr. Orovlllo '. •l»:13«
Mi3«»p Ntle*,.San Josaau.1 Stockton »7ll3»
•3:OOpTha Owl IJmitetl-Tracy. Fresuo.
BakersiieM. .iaii;u* for Santa Bar-
bara, 1mb AiikkIm *»M3*
•3:O«r Freauo l'a»«*::Krr— Martin, z. Lath-
lop, Stocktno, Mrrcnl. iterenxU
(Kiyraoud for Yosemite), Kn-nno. . *l3:l3r
*3t30p New Orli-auz Express— i:*ker«t<«ld.
Kant* Barbara, !.<» Angeles, li.ni-
Ine. d I'j-'.o. New Orleans and
East ••i«.'»4
¦OiflOp HaTw%rda, Niles and Hau Joae *7:l*t
4«:OOr V»!I*>i<» *l'4:l3p
•«:O«r Oriental tfail-Ocden. Chejenne.
Omaha, C'ticsgo *U:t3i
•ttsOOp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, Chic**) MilSp
!7:00p Valleju, IVrt Coita and Way Hta-
* tloiiS. „ t9:33r
••Ml Or**.,., and California ib^wi M.el
Wiwilu. .M.irj «vii>. Kr.Mi.iK.
I'iMrtNii.l. r»K*t .S».ii,,l ami fimt «.«:l.'% <
COAST IMVIMON (Ham.liunl,
- (Foot >J M-.rki.-t Street.)
;7:"l»* «»r.t% Om Excursion for fanta
Cruz and Principal Way .Stations }9:03p
*A:I3a Nenaric.OnterTillivHaii .)(>*«. l<>!t«ii,
];r.n!<l»r<hrri>!i.Maiit»G'ciizaiul Way
Station* •A:2ltr
f3il3p Newark. Centeirllle. Man Jos* New
Alnmicn, Felton, Moulder Oreek,
gania Cruz and I'riucUial Wat
; Stations •l«>.1o»
•4:l»r Nuwark. -ifi .>..«». I,r.« C-'n-. ft:-" 1 **
I o4 ; 1 5p Glenwoou. Felton. Kama- Croi c»;W«
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrinSIS rilHCISCO— f:at .f Maritst Strut islnil-
?7-15 90O H-COa.m. J1:C3 *J::3 |3:53 y
•4-C3 13:23 •!:33r.a.
rnaoiuns— rt«t »:arMii««f.— -axa hco iooo*...
t»:cj «i:C3 H::j *t.:: \l:i 'ZMr.u.
COAST DIVISION (lirnmMiaiKiO.
(Third a::d Townfisn.i SC».)
tO: I Oa Ocean View, .South i-in Fruncinct).. )H:3l>p
t<:OOA Sa» .Jnse ami tV;iy BcbUmh (New
AlinadMi V\'e.1i!fc«Uysoi.l») *ls3Up
t~:3OA Sunday Excursion torn San Joae,
Santa Cruz, Paci9c Groro and
Priccipal Way Stations {Ss33r
•UiOO. Han Jus*. Tres I'imx. SanU Criu.
Pacific tlrois. I'aso Itnklrs, Man
:..;i» oi.i-|.<.. Surf. Locipoc aud
rriiiclnal War Mtatlmis Milit?
•IOHUa Saa Jose and Way ijtatiom •••::t5»
•IIiSUa *3::i0r
t«:l3p.SaM Matro. i:-,!w,,,,.i. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Oiars. S»n .!..•«,
Tres Pino*. .Santa Cr..r, Salinas.
\ Slonterej and I'a.'-ilic Grore flO:attt
f:it:t% SanJoieand Way Stations # ~:3«p
14: 15?Sau Jose aud Principal Way .Stations fMSj
(S:iiUr 8:n Jose. Los Gatoe and Principal
Way Stations t»:O»»»
•¦l:SOr San Joss ami Principal Way Stations t»:33a
•K:a«p3*n Jcs«»nd Way.Suiiunt th***
Mltl'ir aa« Joseaml Way Stations »7:3Op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Daily. t .Huntlar exeeptcd. I Sanday only
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday. « Sfoaaay tnd llonday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Csmmencine April. 22. 1300.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. TA1XET
AND SAN RAFAEL. .» - .-
WEEK DAYS— 7:0u. *i:i0. 8:30. 11:00 «. bl;
12:'.S, "1:45. »:15, 4:1J. '5:15. «:1j, <:tf p. m,
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley ajul Saa
Hafael. on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at »:00 and 11:30 p. ra.
SCN'DAYS— 7:00. »3:C0. •9:00. »10:C0. 11:00. 11:»
a. m.; 12:45. '1:30. Z:Z<J. KM. 5;C0, 8:00. 1:Z»
p. m.
ll:0O a. ra. does not run ta San Rafael 3ua-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAX RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-C:35. ««:J0. 7:50. d:40. «10:15 a.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. »S:30. 4:30. 5:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. V.'ednestlaya
and Saturdays at •>!:»."> and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 6:15. »S:CO. »S:;0. 'lliCOa. to.; *\2:Vt
m.: l:C0. 2:15. •3:20. 4:20. 'aMi. S:4J. 7:30. 10:ia
p. m.
Trains narked »•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO PAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:^1. «:43. 8:00. S:J5. 10:W a.
m.; 12:35 1:45. 2:C. 5:30. 4::0. 5:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
BCNDAYS— «:J5. S:05. 10:C5. 11:10 a, m. : tX-.Ji,
1:20 2:30. 3:45. 4:53. «:15. 7:C3, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
?:C0 a. tn. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. ra. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays/ (Saturday* except id)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sunday*— Cazadero and way »ta-
tlons.
12:45 p. m. Sunday*— Point Reyes and way
stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Lfave San Francisco via Sansallto Ferry:
¦WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m.. l:4o and 5:15 p. rn.
SUNDAYS 8. >. 10, 11 a. m., 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco tn Summit and return. $1 *0.
KpVV TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPFN
jT Or. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fijfilr^'** ln |4 * 5 * 'or ihetr?r\tmentol Private
&\£h< &d l>tee»***i Loss ManbnoU Dpbillry or
*3l^%.v -*-5% «l!i«?«"» > »*earlnjton boflyandminrta.-ni
«»> fr? -»-i-Vj Diw-ast*. Ihf <ioctorcure8Wb»-ii
?-n"thfrsfaiL Try him. Ch.-ir^e* low
C^Ss-»i»ll««"n«"' 1 «Coari»nl»'«-1. Callorwrita
Dr.J.y uIBBua. Bo»^057.Saal>sjacl«co
ffBBKlf Call $1.00 nr Year
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany 2320 Fillmore »t. : phone Jackson 281.
BKKINS Van ar 1 Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1*40— Pa<~klnp. movinc and storage.
1IODERN house* and flats built at loweat
I r; r »-r, plans and furnlsne.«l for all
bulldlnjr work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st.
1250— FINE lot. ir.xlOO: $50 cash, balance to
month; n-> ir.terett. 218 Fifth St.
ICEW cotta'pe: fc room*, bath: lot 50x100: Ml«-
f'en: +*r\ term* rr varant lot. «n Knarry st.
ItKAl. ESTATB— CUl'XTIl V For Salf
1S7 ACRES No. 1 land. 2 miles from railroad
town. Alameda Countv; house, aarn. etc.;
vsr-'A watered; a s;>len<ifd farm; prje- reduced
to J12.O>jO. II. H. CRANE. Ml Caiifornia Bt.
BARGAIN— 317 acres pood land: portion grow-
ing pujrar be«ts: fronts on main county road.
s(!Jr'ln!ng town of Pleasanton. Alamcla Co.;
rr.uFt lie i>ola: bank price 145 per nrre; might
subdivide. H. H. CRANE. SOS California et
ETO<~K and ffram ranch for *al»; Colusa Co.;
:14O acre*' 110 p°r acre; 500 praln. re« hill
land. M. P. CHANDON. MarysvlHe, Cal.
A PRIXTED !!st. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.
Farms and city property sold and exchaag-ed.
SEWI.VG HACIIKES A.VD SUI'PLIES,
ALL klnda bought; sold, exchanged, rented
repairing »t lowest rates. 205 Fourth et.
ALL kinds bought, fold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, r.r. lath.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Mon^mery Ft. rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Haftman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BEST Ktamp photon and buttons on earth.
DORE. 13S0 Market St.. above Jones.
tHnAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 ;r f-. sent to any address ln the
United ?tat<ra or Canada one year for Jl.
postage t-ald.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chlche3ter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the. best; safe, reliable; take no other;
6end 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." ln letter by return mall; at dru«-
irUt*. Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadel., Pa.
fUGO— MODERN 3-room house in choice location
en Waller «t.. near Pierce, 1 blocx from
H«i«rht-et. cars; finished m-ith marble step*,
freecoed celllnps, 3 wood mantels, hard-fin-
iihed basement, etc.; terms one-fourth caeh.
Valance $50 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
HAVE you real estate north of the Park or at
the Mission that you want to sell: then call
on W. J. GUNN. 120 California tt.
HERE'S a snap: !-fiat rfniFe: In best part of
M:t=?inr.: 2 rar lines; rrnts iZ%; must &o. Box
29ES. Call office.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
WANTED — In strictly private family (no other
brvarflerF) accommodations for family, three
adults, discontinuing housekeeping, bonrd and
3 rooms; can furnish same; Pacific Heights
neighborhood preferred: satisfactory accom-
modation* properly paid for: references ex-
ehanee<1. Addre** box 3491. rail office.
Ocea?«ic s.s. co — Hoxor.tTi.u, apia
AUCKLAND A>'I> SYDNKY.
SS. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia Wed., Aug. S, S p. m
S. S. AUSTRALIA < Honolulu only)
. Wednesday. August 25. 2 p. m.
). D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. <l4Mor.tgomen
Ptar 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 32? Market St
FINE Bort&eftlt corner lot. i2:€iU7:6; Califor-
nia et and Fourth ave.; at a very low price;
only {IZr/: it cost t2000.
re raid for in easy installments; It Is the
cheapest lot in Richmond; a!l street work done.
<¦ .: at ore* to eet It at this price. W*. J.
GCJCJC. California st.
GEARY. 942, nr. Polk — Large sunny front room
with board for young lady; rriv. family: J20.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rni!".: nrlvate: hath: sin. run.: board optional.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive Interior and table. £07 California st.
IIOOMS AXD nO'TlD.
HOTEL Sutherland. 791 Sutter st. : choice loca-
tion: sunny rooms with board; flrst-cla«s with
every convenience.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 B'dw'y.N.Y.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before departure.
HERXOG & CO., Gen. Agts. for Pacific Coast,
401 California st . corner Sansome. 8. F.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln -the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
p^stase paid.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rut Fi-rii tl- r.a has been established at 109G Va-
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A rood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call brar.ch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
STEVENSON. 620 — Sunny front • rooms, single
o>- double; light housekeeping.
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
EADC $12 First Class Including Bsri-
iWnil $3 Second Clas* end f.'.siix
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails August 1
COLUMBIA sails July 27, August «
I Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHl
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU.... Friday, August 3. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday, August 29. 1900
&_. NIPPON MARU
Saturday, September 22, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. > H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
Rf YORK. SGUTHAHPTOS. I0ND0N. PARia
Stopplntr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, W a. m.
New York.. ..August 8 St. Louis August 22
St. Paul August 15 New Ycrk.... August 23
RED STAFt LINE.
NeW York arjd Antw«>-«.
From New Tork Kvery ¦Wednesday. 12 noon.
TVesternland .August ljlAragonla August 15
Kensington ..August S 'Noordland ...August !2
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
"30MPAGNIE GENERALB TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j^qj^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <23lS5
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99. at " J -t*V&
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street: LA TOURAINE. August 2;
L'AQUITAINE. August 9: LA BRETAGNE.
August 18; LA LORRAINE. Augu*t 23. First
class to Havre, $?2 50 and upward. Second class
to Havre. $55 and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Buildins). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
SHOTWELL. 923—3 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping, yard and storeroom.
SAN ANTONIO— Up to date fireproof building:
electric elevator; steam radiators; salt sea
batfaa; suites and single rooms; appreciated
when seen; popular prices. 21 Taylor St.,
near Market.
SHKnMAN Apartment House. 2? Eighth St..
rear Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
EACRAMKNTO. 1514. between Hyde and Lar-
kin— A clean, nicely furnished room; appre-
ciated *if seen.
HKAL SkTAVK — LI', k— Knit SALE.
A, M. SFF.OK & CO., 667 Market St..
Opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Agem* and Rer.t Collectors.
J.'S.OOO.
<7!rw to Market and Mason; 4-ttory brick
building; rrnts $3000 annually.
$42,000.
Corner: rents BfSOO; modern Improvements;
l^t SCxl37:6; pavs 10 per cent net.
$22,000.
Sixth Bt. ; 75 feet frontage; rents $200; four
Ftores and ;.O rooms.
I1T..OO0.
Taylor at. investment; close to Eddy; 23 feet
frnitape.
J12.500.
Fteuart «., near Market; brick building.
J11.000.
Marke*-st. corner: raodern building: store and
Tat; former price. HS.EOO.
Ninth St., near Mission; improved.
ITKiO.
fix flats: rrnta S%V> a year: lot tOxTS.
S«ooo.
Test st.; three f.ats: rents ?G0.
$«W>.
Two f.ne fta:«: worth $6f«v»: near Market and
Sixteenth: rents $3S: lot :.'xll5 feet.
UNIMPROVED BAKGAINS.
jy-.oco.
N. W. corner Gough ar.d Clay sts; 137:6x128
tc-et.
Market rt. ; 6^x130 feet.
$4000.
r/'xJ'. feet en nr>rth line of Folsom Bt.. near
Ttner.tv-finst; ready to build.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
COT Market St.
I'll VSIC1A.VS AMJ M Kl.i.uW
IT.. CRANSTON, the great specialist, has re-
sumed cractice at 1216 Market et. corner
Taylor: office* 25 and 26: take elevator.
PR. C. r. O'DOXNELL— Office and residence,
l^m. Market Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Arff, Caotain F. T^ McLaren, Mary J.
Beebe. Elizabeth H. Marshall, William A.
Burke, Patrick Mann, Agnes V.
Cranz. Louise Myers. Mary A.
Cranz, Theodore D. Neelon, John
Creedon, Florence E. Purcell, James
Eckles, Mrs. I. N. Schwaderer. August
Foley. Mary A. Sorenson (infant)
Garland. Fred C. Stang, Mollie S.
Graff, Florence G. Tracey.. James
Harrington, Nancy Wegener, Edward L».
Hoyt, Clara M. West. Katie J.
Keane. Mrs. Joanna F. Whelan. Charles D.
Lyons, Jeremiah Williams, Francis
Mclntosh, Mrs. D. D. Youngman, Mary
AST— In San Diego July 26, 1900, Barclay, be-
loved husband of B. T. Ast, a native of Hali-
fax. Nova Scotia, aged 50 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 123& Market street, between
Klshtit and Ninth, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ARFF^-In this city. July 29. 1900, Captain
Frederick T.. beloved brother of John Arff and
Mrs. Dora Waschow, a native of Sonneberg,
Germany, aged 39 years 1 month and 8 days.
A member of Master Mariners' Benevolent
Association, Court Inter Nos No. 18, F. of A.,
and Brlckhandlers' Benevolent and Protective
Union of California-
• C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Red Men's Hall.
320 Pest street, under the auspices of 'Master
Mariners' Benevolent Association. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
435 Powell street, near Post.
BRICKHANDLERS" Protective and Benevolent
Union. — All members are hereby notified to at-
tend at Pythian Castle, 90S Market street, this
day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, to take part in
the funeral of our late brother, Fred Arff. By
order of PAUL EBEL. President.
HENRY P. AXDRESEX, Secretary.
BEEBE— In Oakland. July 30. 1900, Elizabeth
H., wife of William S. Beebe, and sister of
Ann M. Beebe, a native of Nantucket, Mass.,
aged 70 years 11 months and 11 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from
her late residence, 109 Chase street. West Oak-
land. Interment Drlvate.
BURKE— In this city, July 29. 1900. Patrick
Burke, beloved brother ot James Burke, Mrs.
G. B. Jones, Mrs. E. Powell and the late Pe-
ter Burke, a native of Maddenstown, County
Ktidare. Ireland, aged 52 years. A member of
Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union. (New
York papers please copy.)
tC7FriendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Tuesday). at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother. 3026 Twenty-second street, be-
. tween Howard and Folsom, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRANZ— In this city, July 16, 1900, Louise, be-
loved wife of Theodore D. Cranz, and mother
of Mrs. E. W. Pape. Mrs. C. Washburn. Dr.
L. T. Cranz and the late Julia Obenauer.
CRANZ— In this city, July 2D, 1900, Theodore
D., relict of the late Louise Cranz, and be-
loved father of Mrs. E. W. Pape, Mrs. C.
Washburn, Dr. L. T. Cranz and the late Julia
Obenauer. a native of Hess<?-Cassel, Ger-
many, aged 78 years and 6 months. (Los An-
goles, Cal., and Davenport, Iowa, papers
please- copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances and members
of Magnolia Lodge No. 2», I. O. O. F.. and
the Associated Veterans of the Mexican War
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at Odd
Fellows' Hall. Seventh and Market streets,
ur.der the aii'pices of Magnolia Lodge No. 2J.
Interment National Cemetery.
CRF.EDON— In this city, July 30, 1900, Florence
Ella, beloved daughter of Patrick H. and
Sarah Creedon. and sister of Elizabeth, Sarah,
Irene Bell. James C, Frank H., Edward,
Willie Henry, George and Philip Creedon
and Mr*. F. Gtofs, a native of California,
BRed 15 years 5 months and 25 days.
ECKLES— In Golden Gate. Cal., July 30, 1900,
Mrs I. N. Eckles, beloved mother of Mrs. M.
Janus. Mrs. B. L. Hodghead, Nojrman, Kay-
mond and Clement Eckles.
FOLEY— In this city. July 28, 1900, Mary Anna
Foley, wife of John Foley, and dearly be-
loved mother of William. Alice, Henry, Annie.
Loretta and Genevleve Foley, a native of
Liverpool, England, aged 37 years 10 months
and 4 days. A member of. Redwood Circle No.
72, XV. of W.
(EjTFriends and acquaintances and membera
of sister circles are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 9:30
o'clock, from the parlors of the Gantner >i
Guntz Undertaking Company, 1209 Mission
street between Eighth and Ninth, thence to
Bt Patrick's Church. Mission street, between
Third and Fourth, for services, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GARLAND— In this city, July 30. 1900. Fred
Curtis Garland, beloved Bon of Fred H. and
Hattie K. Oarjand, and brother of Albert and
Daniel, Garland, a native of California, aged
7 months and 15 days.
GRAFF— In Oakland. July 29, 1900, Florence
Gertrude, beloved daughter of C. J. and Flor-
ence Graff, a native of Vallejo, Cal., aged 8
months and 25 days.
HARRINGTON— In this city, July 29, 1900,
Vancv bMoved wife of Peter J. Harrington,
and mother of Mrs. A. G. Beazell. J. P.. F.
F C J- A. J.. R- L.. Margaret and Cather-
ine Harrington, aged 63 years 2 months and 13
dav». (Boston papers please copy.)
trjrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, which will
take place at Llvermore. to-morrow (Wednes-
¦ dav) upon arrival of 8:30 o'clock train from
San Francisco. Remains at her late residence,
24? Eleventh Btreet, until, 10 o'clock.^his day
(Tuesday). m . -
RINGOLD. 32. below Folsom, off Ninth— Newly
furnished room for 1 or 2 persons; no other
ROSEDALE House. SI9 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
r.ipht 25c to $1. week $1 25 to $4; open night.
P.OYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent
light; reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to Jl 50: week. $2
to $S; month, $S to 120: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rms.; suites or sin
Bie; transient; running water; rates reduced.
CAST-OFF cloth'.ng. old rold and silver bought
Fend postal. COI.KVAN'S, L06 Kearny st.
G. D. HORSE. photcsTapher. IC06 Pacific ave."
l»t«wn Pierce and Scott: phone Ftelner 3391.
AI.FRKr-l'M.? Egyptian Henna restores gra>
hajr to its natural eclnr. tl: at aU druggists.
POET. C31— Two furnished rooms to let. $5 and
?S; no smoking or drinking in the house; I'io-
t-?stant Christian preferred.
Fl'ITS to order on easy payments./ Art Tailor-
irp Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
POST, T27— Parlor floor with kitchen or upper
floor of 4 rooms; reasonable.
LADIES' arid gents" cast-off clothing bought &
scM. Filverrr.an. SSJ Folsom. tel. Folsom ll.H.
yATTTTTT Old f»rti1nnc<1 silver, brass, copper
¦mart: curtor-. all u?frrliitions. *25 Dupcr.t st.
NINTH. 231— Large eunny bay-window, suitable
man and wife or two gentlemen; cheap.
OAK. 3S5— Large sunny front room: nicely fur-
nirbed; private family; gas and bath; cheap.
MARRIED.
COHEN— COHEN— In this city, July 25, 1900, by
the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Alfred E. Cohen and
Jennie I. Cohen.
COLES- BRAENDLEIN— In this city. July 28,
1900, by the Rev, J. M. Buehler, Frank Coles
and Catherine Braendlein.
FISCHBECK— WOHLKEN— In this city, July
28. 11)00. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. William
H. FiFchbeck and Anna Wohlken. ,
KEMPSTON— URMY— In this city. July 30, 1900,
by the Rev. W. S. Urmy, Arthur Kempston
and Ethel P. Urmy, both of San Francisco.
TANLEY— NICHOLLS— In this city, July IS.
1900, by Justice of the Peace, William S. Stan-
ley and Eliza J. Nlcholls, both of San Fkui-
cisco.
MARKET, 1C35 (Lohengrin)— 1 front suite, new-
ly furn.; others; by day. wk. or month; trans.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, Jl per week; transient.
LARKIN. 120n. opposite Lurllne Bath — Sunny
furnished room; t4.
LEDKRER. the popular hairdresser: any style
.oc: see window display of Quintcn'c* this
week; switches II up. 123 Ftockton Kt.
TAIiALYSIS positively cured: also nervous dis-
«R!-es, fkin Hfeatrt, lung diseases, ossifica-
tion, cancer, consumption. Miff Joints; no
drvps: no knife; consultation free. DR. L J.
STKATTON. M 7. ios. 60S Parrott building.
ELECTRIC lichts in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Ft., neaf Market: TOO room*;
Jfr t" Jl M per night; $1 iO to So per week;
free 'bus ar.rt batrcape to and from the ferry.
11 ME AHA, wonderfully cifted healer. »4
Ivearay. room 11. cure? nervousTie**?, blind-
r.r?5. Brlr^it'e fi : s?a»e. rupture cr any aliment.
BUITS to #rdor on installment*; $15 upward
II a week. LEON LEUO8. 1117 Market st.
between Seventh and Eichth.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: single; tran-
sient; baths>. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S29— Rooms from tl week up to J5;
25c to $1 nitjht; al?o housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 9S9. cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; reasonable; by day. week or month.
ONES, 510, nr. O'Farrell— A very quiet sunny
pleasant large room, with new furniture, to
rent; reasonable.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices s«nt by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
DE GELLER— In this city. July 3. 1900, to the
wife of Charles de Geller, a daughter.
HOPKINS— In this city. July 23, 1900. to the
wife of F. D. Hopkins, a daughter.
MURRAY— In Oakland, to the wife of J. Mur-
ray, a son.
PASSUR— In this city, July Zi, 1900, to th»
wife of H. Passur, a son.
THE Hl_'I>SON IUVEB CO..
% , HOPKE BROS
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-
covered and rencvated: honest work guaran-
teed; rrlres defy compet.tion; fine upholstery
Phcre f.303; factory. 31S and 3» Eleventh St.;
flrft-r!aEs cleaning and dying. 40a Sutter St.,
Pan Kranclrco.
LEDEUERS Quir.tonlca Hair Tonic stops hair
!alli "g oat; makes the hair grow; Sic bot.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 70S— Elegant house. 10
rooms and bath; sunny, modern. Apply G.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
GI'.AXIi SOUTHERN.southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HAYES. 141SVi— Furnished room to let; Jl per
week.
FOLSOM. 9<">o. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rms. single or suites; reasonable.
GEARY. 40; (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers acco' dated.
ELLIS. 330— Large front and back parlors; sun-
ny; suitable for physician or dentist.
FOLSOM. 6r,l. cor. Hawthorne— Beautifully fur-
nished suite of sunny rooms to let.
l*L:itSU\AI,S.
WANTED— Address of JAMES S ELLIOTT." «r-
_ rivefr by Alamtda. Address box 3405. Call.
DR. E C. MERVY has taken new offices at
IuOj Stockton st.
iaiF." FHKLDOS. chiropodist ani card reader.
£"0 Market Ft., eecond floor, rwim 37.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable, rates; To
years' experience. J. B. RAY. ST.7 Jessie st.
USDKitEXFS Qutntontca Hair Tonic, extract
Qjinir.e Bark; beneficial, harmless; 35c bot.
MAERIAGE LICENSES,
The following; marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Josei* Luporlni. 20, 323 Broadway, and Clo-
rinda Arata, IS. 4C3V- Broadway.
William C. O'Connor, 21. 140 Seventh street,
and Kitty Dunning, 21, 17O8H Howard street.
Theodore F. Frauner, 24. 32 Wool street, and
Alice J. Moss, 24, 1S13 Fourteenth avenue.
John C. Dornln, 33, Tacoma, and Margaret A.
Robinson, 20. city.
Josejih Copeland. 60, Paradise, and Martha
J. Miller, 41'. Paradise.
Harold If. Hanson. 30, 651 Capp street, and
Ida L. Parlin, 19. 312S Twenty-first street.
Nazareno Pozzl, 38. Bloomfleld, and Ida Peri-
noni. 18, Valley Ford.
Arthur Kempston, 23. 5 Wetmore place, and
Ethel P. Urmy, 23. 1110 Clay street.
Otto Ball, 25, 537 Birch avenue, and Annie C.
Furstenau, 22. 1595 Post street
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Finest* sunny suitea in
city for families and gentlemen; all conven-
iences; special accommodations for tourists.
BURNETT. 142G Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; al?o unfurnished.
BUSH, GSOt-Iftcely furn.sunny rooms: Jl £0 to $7
vrk; 25 to $1 U night. MRS. P. RANFT.
CLAY, 1C29 — 2 or 3 rooms; furnished for house-
keeping or en suite. Call 152S Polk st.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth-Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open ail night. *
HUOMS TO LEI' Kurn. and lufarn.
1"<»R rer.t— Elepant offices ar.d rooms in Y M
_*"1 A. bids. : all modern imps.; rent very }#w
TO rent— Modern rtore: well lighted; 23x140-
•--rt r>as..;ia(.;». sfv H*vps st.
OFFICES AXIJ STOIIES TO let.
£< PACIFIC Ft. ar.d £C4.Sansome; handsome
t^ort-s; very cheap.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
r. Steamers leave Broadway
tab. wharf, San Francisco:
Cras^^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a.
Kiv^SSSk m -. Aucust 4. 9. It, 19. 2t.
LS» S iS^V*'3?* " 3< S 0 - 1 - 3 - Change to coni-
ftTk^rTVSa pany's Fteamers at Seattle.
P'SiAvifl JWV4 F° T Victoria, Vancouver
LS£&~fr£Z?gA (B - C) - Port Townsend/ Se-
r^**^ffiffjffiffl attle, Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
-"•«*S|pi cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.) — 11 a. m., Aucust 4,
9. 14, 19, 24, », Sept. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Huraboldt Bay— 2 p. m., August
1. 6. 11, 16. 21. 26. 31. Sept. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavloft,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9
a. gl., August 3. 7, 11. 15, 19, 23. 27. 31, Sept. 4,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ohispo), SanU. Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 n.
m.. August 1. 5, 9. 13. 17. 21. 25, 29. Sept. 2,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdale'na Bay, San Jose* del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chans?
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT nt-'K"'i;-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Oen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
HOYT— Near Birds Landing. Cal.. July 2S, 1900,
Clara M.. dearly beloved daughter of the late
Julian B. and Maria Hoyt. and Bister of Ma-
bel Hoyt, Mrs. R. S. Culverwell and Julian
B. Hoyt, a native of Solano County, Cal.
KEANE— In this city, July SO, 1900, Mrs. Joanna
Fitzgerald Keane, beloved mother of Nellie
C. Keane, a native of Ireland.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, which will
take place to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9:15
o'clock, from her late residence, .151 Grove
street, thence to St. Ignatius Church, Hayes
street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city, July 23,' 1900. Jeremiah
Lyons, a native of Ireland.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, Alabama street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of hi9 soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McINTOSK— In Victoria, Mrs. D. D. Mclntosh.
beloved mother of Mrs. J. Molanan and Rich-
ard and William Denniston.
ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McLAREN— In' this city, July 23. 1900, Mary
Jane McLaren, beloved wife of the late Alex-
andrew McLaren, mother of James McLaren,
and erandmother of Charles, Samuel, Grace
and Eftte liarnum, a native or Wales, aged 73
years.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral this day
(ruesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 171 Perry street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemtery.
MANN— In this city, July 29, 1900, Agnes V..
beloved wife of Joseph Mann, daughter of
Agnes, M. Clegg, and sister of Oscar A..
Thomas E., John J. and Grace E. Clegg, a
native of San Francisco, aged 35 years.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully hulted to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. S17 Baker street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
MARSHALL— In this city, July 29, 1900, Wil-
liam Armagh Marshall, only son of Mrs. M.
E. Marshall, a native of California, aged 25
years 5 months and 5 days.
E?"Funeral private, this day (Tuesday),
from his late residence, 330O Washington
street.
MYERS— In this city, July 29. 1900. Mary A.,
widow of the late Christian Myers and mother
of Dr. O. II. P. Myers and Clara Myers, a
native of Ohio, aged 73 years. (Marysvllle,
Cal.. papers please copy.) --
ICTThe funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at the
family residence, S02 McAllister street. In-
terment private. Please omit flowers.
NEELON— In the City and County Hospital.
July 29, 1900, John Neelon, a native of Ire-
land, aged 71 years 5 months and 27 days.
PURCELL— In this city, July 29, 1900, James
Purcell. a native of Ireland, aged 61 years. •
SCHWADERER— In this city, July 29, 1900, Au-
gust SchWaderer, beloved brother of Mrs.
Louise Hofstetter, a native of Steinach. Wur-
temberg. Germany, aged 32 years 3 months
and 22 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth, where services will be
held und?r the auspices of the San Francisco
Schwaben Vcreln. Interment St. Louis Mo.
SORENSON— In this city, July 30. 1900, Infant
son of Richard and Katrine Sorenson, and
broth-r of Dora. Liala and Grevert Sorenson.
a native cf San Francisco.
STANG-ln this city. July 30. 1900, Mollle S..
beloved wife of the late Joseph A. Stang,
mother of Percy A. Stang. eldest daughter of
Mary E. and the lata John XV. Burress. and
sister of Walter Burress, Mrs. R. Downs and
Mrs. G. Menke, a native of Missouri, aged 29
years 2 months and 3 days.
(ESTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2555 Folsom street, between Twenty-
first and Twenty-second. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. >
TRACEY— In this city, July 30. 1900. James, be-
loved son of Michael and Mary Tracey, and
brother of Mamie, Katie, Martin, John, Ed-
die. Richard and Laurence Tracey, a native
of Pan Francisco, aged 15 years 9 months and
6 days.
WEGENER— In Geyserville, Sonoma County,
July-30, 1900, Edward Lewis Wegener, beloved
son of Mrs. L. Wegener. and brother of
George, Charles, Ella and Lulu Wegener, a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 9
months and 9 days.
WEST— In thia city. July 30. 1900, Katie J., be-
loved wife of George S. West, and daughter
of Mrs. Elizabeth Lee and the late Richard de
Lee, and sister of Charles and Richard de
L»e, a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years
and S months. A member of California Circle
No. 1C3. l-\ of A.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother, 20 Moulton avenue, off
Buchanan street. between _Greenwlch and
Lombard, thence to St. Brigld's Church for
services, at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WHELAN— In this city, July 30, 1900, Charles
D.. beloved son ot P. J. and Alice L. Whelan,
and brother of Edith Whelan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 6 months and 7 days.
{ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1116 York street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In Mill Valley, July 29. 1900, Fran-
cis Williams, a native of Cornwall. England,
aeed 77 years.
ICT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
YOUNGMAN— In this city. July 29, 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of the late George Youngman,
and mother of George J. and William N.
Youngman, a native of County Kerry. Ire-
land, aged 66 years 1 month and 5 days.
D^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 508 Ninth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PnOPOSALS.
NOTICE~^fo^ON*»RA^ORS^3idT^ri~bVreI
celved by the undersigned until 6 p. m., Au-
gust 6, and then opened, for the construction
of a wharf and warehouse covering about 100,-
000 square feet and about 800 feet of trestle
approach near the mouth of the Columbia
1tiver, Clatsop County, Or. Plans and speci-
fications can be seen and blank forms of pro-
posals secured at the office of the Astoria
and Columbia Kiver Railroad in the Flavel
building, Astoria. Or. A satisfactory bond
will be required of the successful bidder. The
undersigned reserves* the right to reject any
or all bids In whole or ln part as per forma
cf proposal and specifications. NORTH-
WEST CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
CONSTRUCTION ¦ OF SEWER-Sanitary Dis-
trlct No. 1 of Marin County. Cal.. asks for
bids for the construction of a system of sew-
ers ln Ross Valley. Marin County, as per
plans and specifications on file with the sec-
retary. Right reserved to reject any and all
bids. Bidders will please call between the
hours of 9 a. m. and 12 m.. and 2 and 4 p. ra.
HENRY F. ALLEN. President.
T. B. BERRY. Sec. 120 Sutter st.. S. F.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
MUSICAL IXSTIIUMEXTS.
fc-LAVGHTEtt sale of rianos this week for
_J^fage^ WILSONS STORAGE. 1710 Market.
WO BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
fr rancls Hacon and Halle it & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR vioilne. zithers, old and new il~
Mt'LI.EIt. xr.aker, repairer. 2 Latham p'iacc!
ONE fteinway. l Chickerine. J190; installment*
fS to fid; rent « up. HtZlN'ETS. IIS Ellis St.
REDCCTuJn rale; new pianog; $5 payment* •
fcr rer.t. it up. nniTNN. 2<iS Pnst st.
A BliAXCH office for Call advertisements and
eubsrriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
VAN* NESS. 402— Two neatly furnished rooms
complete lor housekeeping; eas stove.
SUTTEIt, 407—3 furnished or unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
2 SMALL, unfurnished rooms tZ. 3 $7; located
t*irth and Market sts. Particulars 342 Kearny.The condition of Patrick H. Devine. the
expelled army officer who was found in
an insane condition on Larkin street by
Policeman J Sullivan Sunday, remains
t ?^u Sa S u? - ** ll - 9 rftenhood . proprietor
of the Hamman Baths on Post street, said
"Clock" Game Men in Court.
W. D. Valentine and others charged
I with conducting a "clock" game and lot-
I tory at 43 Ellis street appeared before
Judge CabaniFs yesterday afternoon for
trial After the evidence of Lieutenant
,Martin and Policeman Rankin had been
| taken further hearing was continued till
| this morning.
- »
Will Not Appoint Helms' Successor.
Supervisor Tobin. who is acting Mayor
during the absence of Mayor Phelan, has
onnounct-d that ho will make no appoint
ment to fill the vacancy existing in the
Iioard of Supervisors. The privilege of
namlnp the successor of the late Super
visor Helms belongs to "Mayor Phelan,
says Mr. Tobin. and for that reason no
action will be taken while he is away.
"Weekly Ministers' Meetings.
There was the usual large attendance
at the regular weekly ministers' meetings
yesterday and highly interesting papers
were read. Rev. C. R. Brown, the famous
Oakland divine, read atpaper before the
Methodist ministers on "The Value of the
Knowledge of Palestine in the Study of
the Bible." Chaplain Mclntyre was per
mitted to resign as a member of the In
dian famine committee, and Rev. W. M.
Woodward was selected to nil the va
cancy. Rev. C. P. Dorland of Los An
geles read a paper before the Congrega
tionalists on "What Is the Truth, and
How Shall We Preach It?" Rev. George
G. Eldredge, pastor of St. John's, ad
dressed the Presbyterian ministers on
"Demitting the Ministry."
CONLAN HEAVILY FINES
POOLSELLER PECKERMAN
Defendant G'ves Notice of Appeal to
Superior Court and Is Rslased
on Bonds.
Joseph Peckerman. convicted by a jury
in Judge Conlan's court Thursday night
of violating the ordinance against pool
selling, appeared for s?ntence yesterday
morning. Attorney Collins moved for a
new trial and arrest of Judgment on the
ground that the verdict of the jury w - as
contrary to the evidence and the law and
on other grounds. He instanced the ex
cusing of Juror Judd after the Jury had
all been sworn.
Aftf-r argument, the Judge denied his
motion and ordered the defendant to pay
a fine of $2"«0. with the alternative of ISO
days in the County Jail. Collins gave no
tice of appeal to the Superior Court and
the defendant was released on $500 bonds.
An Australian Visitor.
Major the Rev. B. Keenan, J. P.. Rose
Bay, Sydney, Australia, sat on the bench
beside Judge. Cabaniss yesterday and took
a lively interest in the proceedings. He la
an ex-rector of the Anglican church.
For Nearly Half a Century He "Was
Prominent in Odd Fellows'
Fraternity.
Theodore D. Cranz died in this city Sun
day last. A little more than osfc week
ago his wife Louise expired. They were
well known. They were the parents of
Dr. L. T. Cranz of the State Board of
Dental Examiners, Mrs. E. W. Pape, Mrs.
C. Washburn and the late Julia Obenauer.
Mr. Cranz was a native of Hesse-Cassel,
Germany. He was nearly SO years old.
For a i>eriod of forty-seven years he was
an active member of the Independent Or
der of Odd Fellows. He was also a vet
eran of the Mexican War. In accordance
with his wishes, his remains will be bu
ried in the National Cemetery at the Pre
sidio. Rt-presentatives of the Veterans of
the Mexican War ar.d of Magnolia Lodge,
I. O. O. P.. will attend the funeral ser
vices.
THEODORE D. CRANZ
DEAD AT RIPE AGE
"Dumps" Men Ssntenced.
Cupertino Chcsley and William Glvens,
two of the vagrants who live on the
"dumps." were convicted by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday and sent to the County Jail
for six months each. Givens claimed that
he was the captain of the gang.
and captain of the Olympic Gun Club. -As
a huntsman and fisherman he was always
regarded as a true sport, with a love for
clean methods.
Well Known Sportsman and Finan
cier Succumbs to an Attack of
. Appendicitis.
William A. Marshall, well known in this
city as a prominent sportsman with gun
and rod and a business man of pronounced
ability, died yesterday after an operation
performed for appendicitis.
Mr. Marshall was a director of the
American Eank and Trust Company of
this city. Among his friends he was held
in high esteem and his death will prove
a loss to the community, although Air.
Marshall was but a very young man, 26
years of age.
He was a member of the Country Club
WILLIAM A. MARSHALL
DIES AFTER OPERATION
Rev. Father Raffo Interred.
The remains of Rev. Father Paul Raffo,
the Jesuit priest, who passed away the'
latter part of last week, were interred at
Santa Clara yesterday. Previous to the in
terment Arohbii-hop Itiordan celebrated a
mass for the repnse of his soul. The ser
vices were held in St. Ignatius Church in
the morning, and the facred edifice was
crowded with the friends of. the dead
priest. Special music was rendered by the
choir. The body was taken by train to
Santa Clara. 1 hence to the cemetery
which lies In the vicinity of the college'
Rev. rather Kenna of Santa Clara Col
lege read appropriate prayers at the
grave.
Charles H. McClure. alias Charles How
ard, is locked in the tanks at the City
prison awaiting the pleasure of Captain
Sfvmour and his detectives who are
Catherine evidence with which they hope
to prove him guilty of three recent up
country safe cracking exploits.
SlcClure about two weeks ago. went to
Captain Seymour and related a hard luck
etory of woman's perfidy and deceit and
wound up his sad tale by asking for a
warrant for the arrest of Mollie Land, a
young and pretty chambermaid of Tu
olumne County, who. he claimed, had
jilted him after bunkoing him out of sev
eral hundmd dollars. H'e said the fair
Mollie came to this city with him to be
married, but that after he had lavished
presents and money or. her she had dis
appeared, leaving a note explaining that
ehe did not love him well enough to marry
him. McClure was certain she had eloped
•with a snake eater until he learned that
the devourer of reptiles was still in town.
The warrant was issued and placed in
the hands of the Sheriff of the county in
which the young woman made her home,
but that oflioial has not yet located her.
While telling Mollie what a pood hus
band he would make for her. McClure led
her to bf-lleve that he had just disposed
of an interval in one of his mines and to
strengthen his story exhibited consider
able money. About this time the»XV~ells-
Fargo safe at Sndllns, Merced County,
•was broken into and $400 in silver taken
from it.
The company's det^otivps were put to
¦work on the case and while looking for
the culprit, a similar crinn' was reported
from AptoF. Santa Cruz County. On July
£4 the railroad company's safe at that
place was roblx^d of J2>K» in money, 527U in
checks and some old coins. Following
this came the news that a safe in a
butcher phop at Iowa Hill had been rifled
E^cently Secured Warrant for Fair
Country Maid Wbo Came Here
to Marry Him and Jilted
Him.
Ex-Convict Is Accused of
Cracking Safes in Three
Interior Towns.
McCLURE AGAIN
LOCKED UP IN
A PRISON CELL
of $400 in coin and $300 in checks. In the
last affair the torch had been applied to
cover up the robbery. It was reported
that a man named McClure with a com
panion had been seen shortly before the
tire boarding an early morning freight
train, at Dutch Flat, a few miles distant,
and on this clew the arrest was • made.
Detectives McMahon. Cody and Whittaker
of this city have boon on the case for
some time. Yesterday Cody found Mc-
Cluro on Turk street near Market and
placed him under arrest.
Under the name of Charles Howard Mc-
Clure has served two t*»rms in States
Prison. On April 15, 1MW. he was con
victed of burglary and sentenced to two
vr-ar«; in San Quontin, and soon after
being releaFed was returned from San
Louis Obispo County for a five-year term
for prrand larceny. He was discharged on
January 15. isr*>.
yesterday that the soldier had spent but
one night in his place. He was given
every attention and was not given whisky.
He insisted on leaving- next morning- arid
was allowed to go. Later the policeman
took him to the Receiving Hospital.
AXOTHER FISH STORY.
The yacht Ella left this side for Sausa
llto early Sunday afternoon. A dingy was
towing behind. After a while something
appeared to be moving within the dingry
and the crew of the yacht hauled it along
side to investigate. Sergeant "Tom" Ma
honey was one of the crew, and he says
a halibut weighing 150 pounds had Jumped
into the ding-v and nearly swamped it.
Captain Howard of the Oceanic Steam
ship Company says flat nsh never .jump
out of the water, but Sergeant Mahoney
had a ten-pound hunch of the 150-pounder
yesterday to prove that his story was
true.
HE FELL OVERBOARD.
A young man "on a Jag" fell overboard
from Pacific-street wharf yesterday. Cap
tain John Silovich of the tug Relief and
Alec Watson pulled him out, and after
sobering him up sent him home in a hack.
The young fellow, who was only 20 years
old. was well dressed, and was evidently
out on his first Jamboree. He will not go
near the water front the next time he
gets drunk.
WATER FRONT NOTES.
Joseph Torento was run over by a truck
at the corner of Sansome street and
Broadway yesterday. His leg was broken
and he was also internally injured. Dr.
Bauer attended him at the Harbor Hos
ri Abe Marks, statistician at the Mer-
THE Sajcramento River steamer Au
rora went on the "Hen and Chick
ens" early !n the morning yesterday.
When the vessel struck the rocks it
¦was dark and the fos made It impossible
to tee more than twenty yards ahead.
When the Aurora struck the pilot at
once ordered the engines hacked. The
Fteamer was hard and fast, however, and
could not be got off. The steamer Alvlnx
was sent to the scene cf the disaster, but
could not do anything: until late in the
afternoon. When the tide served the Au
rora was got off and came to her dock
at Jackson street under her own steam.
It •will only take a day to overhaul her,
ar.fl then she will resume her run.
Soon after the Aurora went on the rocks
the California Navigation and Improve
ment Company's Mary Garratt came
along and offered assistance. All the pas
sengers were transferred to the San Joa
quin boat and Captain Richardson did all
In his power to make them comfortable.
Kvfrythir.c: on board was placed at the
disposal of the shipwrecked people.
Th^re will be an investigation before
the Inspectoni of Hulls and P.oilers dur
j-,e the wwk and *<>mc one will pet into
trouble. The pilot In charge of the Au
rora had Ix-on twenty hours on watch
when the vessel struck.
Strikes on Rocks
in the Morning
During a Thick
Fog and Is Pull
ed Off Later
Only Slightly
Damaged.
Chief of Police Sullivan yesterday is
sued his general order which has been
looked for with more or less anxiety by
the members of the detective force and
by the patrolmen who are ambitious to
become detectives. The most important
chanpe is the appointment of Lieutenant
Ksola to be property clerk, as announced
exclusively in The Call a week ago.
The detectives will remain as before
with two exceptions. Detectives Anthony
and Egan have been retired from the staff
and will resume their old DOFitions' as
corporals. Those who have been promoted
to their places are G. W. T. McMahon
and Corporal Harry Reynolds. Both have
been for some years detailed on special
work in the "upper office" and have made
records for themselves. Anthony has been
transferred to the Paciftc Coast Society
for the Suppression of Vice and Thomas
J. Coleman, who has been attached to the
society, will do special duty in looking
after wayward girls, which Anthony has
done ably for many years. Egan will re
port for duty to Captain Dunlevy.
Th,ere are other changes, some of which
have already been published, but they are
all contained in the order, which is as fol
lows: •¦
The following appointments, assignments and
transfers are made to" take effect August 1
1900:
Detective Sergeants— Arnop Balnbridpe. Kd
ward Hyran. Charles J. Cody, Charles Crockett,
Thomas Dillon, Jeremiah F. Dlnan, Edward L.
Gibson. Thomas 15. Gibson, Gustavus D. Har
r^r, Robert Hoean. G. W. T. McMahon.' Harry
C. Reynolds, Thomas L. Ryan. Reappointed—
Roscoe J. "VVhltaker, Edward J. Wren. The
following are assigned to duty to assist the
detective sergeants— William Armstrong:, John
A. Fitzgerald, Thomas J. Coleman, Robert F
Graham. T. I>. Riordan, Edward O'Dea
Thomas P. Walsh.
Lieutenant Fred L. Esola is transferred from
duty at the California-street station and ap
pointed property clerk. Sergeant Stephen Bun
ner is transferred from the boarding station to
day duty as station-keener at the California
street station. Officer Ferguson is relieved
from duty at the boarding station and will re
port to Captain Dunlevy for duty as patrolman
Detective A. Anthony will resume his former
rank of corporal and will report for duty to
the Pacific Society for the Suppression of Vice.
Detective Egan will resume his old rank of
corporal and report to Captain Dunlevy for
special duty at the Harbor police station.
Patrolman Patrick Sullivan will report to
Captain "Wittman for duty with his company.
Srrpeant Thomas P. Ellis, now on special duty
at the Harbor station, will be assigned to duty
as patrol sergeant with Company C.
Patrolman Robert Kerrison is assigned to
duty as night station-keeper at Golden Oate
Park station, vice Armstrong:, transferred
Officer M. J. O'Callahan Is transferred fro-'
Company B to Company C. Officer R. J Mc-
Grayan Is relieved from duty as bailiff in Po
lice Court No. 2 and will report for duty to
Captain Splllane. Officer Benjamin Kaskell Is
appointed bailiff of Police Court Xo L vice
McGrayan.
Esola Is Made Property Clerk — Other
Appointments and Transfers
Which Will Go Into
Effect To-Day.
Anthony and Egan Are
Superseded by McMahon
and Reynolds.
CHIEF SULLIVAN
MAKES CHANGES
IN DETECTIVES
RIVER STEAMER AURORA GOES
ON THE "HEN AND CHICKENS"
Reception to the Ninth Cavalry.
Canby Garrison Mo. 114. R. and V. A.
and N. Union, will tender a reception to
the Ninth Cavalry on Thursday evening
next in Alcatraz Hall. Uany members
of the garrison are ex-i t ibers of th*
regiment, and they purpose giving the
gallant lads of the fighting organization a
royal reception before they depart for tho
scene of hostilities in China.
Camille d'Arville Here to "Wed.
Camille d'Arvllle, the talented song
stress and vaudeville favorite, arrived in
this city yesterday evening from Deer
Lick. Ind.. and is stopping at the Occi
dental. Miss d'Arville Is under engage
ment to the Orpheum management to ap
pear here shortly, but she confessed la:;t
evening that her presence in San Fran
cisco at this time is for the purpose cf
arranging for her approaching marriage
to E. W. Crellin of the Morgan Oyster
Company and the Ruby Hill Vineyard
Company. "I am tired of stage life." sa'd
she. "and am going to retire and spe:ul
the remainder of my days in peace an 1
comfort. Owing to a contract, however.
I suppose I .will be compelled to sing fur
several months longer. My marriage will
take place on some date In September
yet to be fixed."
It was a bad hour and a half that Hor
ace Philbrook put in yesterday morning
trying to convict E. S. Pillsbury of hid
ing away from a process server. Pills
bury's deposition in the gardianship mat
ter of James P. Merritt was being taken
by Notary Mosebach. and Philbrook was
doing the cross-examining: On a previous
occasion, about a week ago, Pillsbury
was before the notary, but he left sud
denly to keep an appointment he had, and
Philbrook saw in this action a desire to
escape giving evidence. He said so In his
questions, and Pillsbury explained mat
ters, but It left him in no enviable frame
of mind for what was coming.
Philbrook took up the question of the
service on, Pillsbury to appear before the
notary, and asked the lawyer if he had
not heard that a. deputy sheriff had called
just before the first hearing before the
notary with a subpena for him to appear.
Pillsbury said he had heard that a man
named Philbrook had called to see him,
saying he had with*him a deputy sheriff,
but Pillsbury said he thought the state
ment was untrue and' nothing more than
a ruse to gain entrance, and so he paid no
attention to it.
Then Philbrook asked If Pillsbury had
not tried to evade summons, and Pills
bury denied that he had done so. He said
in answer to Philbrook's questions that
one day some one, finding the door In the
hallway tb his offices open, stepped in and
knocked loudly and boisterously at the
door to' his private office. He rang the
bell for his office boy and sent him out to
find who was knocking, and the boy came
back with word that it was Philbrook
and another man.
"My first impulse was to go out and
kick the man down stairs." said Pillsbury
to Philbrook, "and I'm sorry now that I
did not: but I told my office boy to call
the janitor and have him put the man
out. I did not try to evade summons and
when I heard that there might-have been
?w de g u . ty .« heri 7 cal I in S. on me I rang up
the Sheriff and told him if he had any
process to serve on me to bring it down
and I would accept service "."
Philbrook then tried to bring out by his
questions that Pillsbury had gone out by
the private door to his offices and had
eon t t< L- the , strcet bv the stairway, and
not by the elevator, but Pillsbury content
ed himself with the statement that he had
not tried to evade summons, and an-
£ W <fi re D th % 15 was ? one of PWlbrook's
™ at -5?.?£ of h J> s office he ca ™« out of.
?* ?>, HU am , Bosely ' wno represents
the other side of the case, declared that
tt4L qUeSt !, on3 w ,? re bein S put to waste
£' * w nd pulUng his watch from his
pocket he said he would wait but fifteen
minutes more, and If pertinent questions
were not put in that time he would with
«of^' P illsb «ry supplemented this by
saylngr that he would answer no further
questions about his comings and goings
to or from his office, and In view of his
statement If any more were asked it
would but confirm his opinion that the
whole proceeding was taken to annoy him
and waste the time of all parties con
cerned. - • .... v .
x,7; fL fl *l een . mlnutes Passed uneventfully,
out by the time they had Rone Philbroote
had somewhat chang-ed , the line of his
questions. He gained no information,
however, and the record of the proceed-
Says He Should Have Kicked Phil
brook Downstairs for Knock
ing Boisterously at Pri
vate Office Door.
E. S. Pillsbury Tells What
He Thinks of Horace
W. Philbrook.
LAWYERS CROSS
SWORDS BEFORE
NOTARY PUBLIC
Ings is nothing more than a verbal fenc
ing bout between the two attorneys.
The hearing of the Merritt guardian
ship contest comes up beforf Superior
Ju.lere Greene Jn Oakland to-day. t'hil
brook has marie a motion that it be trans
ferred to another department, alleging
that Judge Greene may not be able to
five his side a fair hearing because the
urice and Mr. Pillsburv were classmates
In BowdoJn College In 1S63 and the attor
ney and the college are Interested in the
outcome of the proceedings.
Philbrook appears for himself as peti
tioner. Because of his disbarment from
practice as an attorney he can only go
Into cburt in his own personal capacity.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 31, 1900.
"Was Not Given Whisky.
12
CAPTAIN WEBER OF THE <•
AURORA AND THE STEAMER 4
OX THE ROCKS. <i
chants' Exchange, returned from his sum
mer vacation yesterday. All his spare
momenta were spent in hunting deer In
Humboldt County, and Abe has a pair of
four-pronged antlers to prove that his
huntlnR- story is. true.
The British ship Sutherlandshire. Irom
Antwerp for Kiaochau, went ashore on
the island of Sumatra and became a total
loss. Thirteen of the crew were drowned.
The Sutherlandshire was booked from
Kiaochau for Portland, where she was to
load wheat for Europe.
Many low-priced imitation baking powders are upon the mar-
ket. These are made with alum, and care should be taken to
avoid them, as alum is a poison, never to be" taken in the food.
1 1
or wnolesomeness.
Ladl«* tallcr-mad« sunn, silk skirts, fur
cape*; liberal credit. M. Hothschlid. £26 Sutter. •
quality.
•i-NW vJLJJLCL UcLxvl-LLtr UvJ VX' ULC1 ±o UoL do
good as Royal," either in strength, purity
Morton Draying and Warehouse Co.
General Draymen — Warehousemen For-
warding Agents— No. 204 Battery street. •
ard for strength and purity. It makes
the hot bread, hot biscuit, cake and other
pastry light, sweet and excellent in every ¦
For the third of a century the stand-
Purc^
Get your
piano
tuned
Now that you have returned
from the country it is a good time
to hue the piano thoroughly re- |
paired, tuned and cleaned. Moths !
and dust are very injurious to a
piano — they accumulate, particu-
larly when a piano is unused.
We have expert piano tuners
who can put your piano in first- j
class order at a reasonable price, j
We respectfully ask customers j
to leave order? for tuning at least
two or three days in advance of
when they wish the work done —
we are quite busy at present.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Stetai Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearnr and Sutter Bta.. S. F.
Cor. 33th and Broadway. Oakland.
OOOCXXXJOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
iOf*H/m
§ OIL I
I STOCK! I
I - I
§ Fully Paid and Non-Assessable,'?
§ Holder Secured Against Loss, §
§ aoo acres §
SIN COALINGA DISTRICT.!
5 ALL OF SECTION 23. Q
q ONE-FOURTH OF SECTION 1*. O
q TOWNSHIP a SOUTH. ©
q ! RANGE 15 EAST. M. D. M. \ Q
O PRODUCING WELLS ON ALL SIDE3 Q
q CALL OR SEND FOR PROSPECTUS. ©
8 OPHIR OlTcOMPANY, §
§ Room 14. Fifth Floor. Mills Building,!
Q SAN FRANCISCO. O
Q Los Angeles Office — >02 Douglas Block. Q
ooooooooo o o o o o o ooocooooo
T)R.MCNULTY.
q^HIS WELU-KXOW.N AND RELIABT.KOLD
J. Special isteurrf Private. Nervous, anil Blootf Ui*-
nw of Men only. Book on l'nvute Disease and
• Weaknesses of Me n. f ree. Over 20 y 'iV exjwrieiio-.
Patient* on r<nlai Horn*. Term* reasonable. JIonrv»
to3dally:fi.30to3:°» ev'pi. Sunday*. lOtoli Consul-
Utlon f reeaml nacredlyconfldentinl. Call.or address
P. KOMCUK MrXULTY. 31. I*.
fSOH Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Use Bank Stock paper for school work— be-
ware of counterfeits. Mysell-Rollins. ZZ Clay. •
"With army officers Jesse Moore "AA" whis-
key is a very poDular drink.
Hole's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST.. NEW YOHK.
I removal sale a great success.
|[ the people know if any statement as to
T values is made by Hale's that it is so* it is this
W knowledge that brought the thousands to this
|k store yesterday to have their faith in San Fran-
£ Cisco's most popular store still further strengthened*
j the greatest sale in the history of Hale's — in
f| the annals of San Francisco — is now in full
A swing* yesterday f s selling was an immense sue-
W cess-— to-day^s can be no less, for the goods and
W the values are here*