Rauer said yesterday that he and Rog
ers looked up the question of heirs at the
bank, and Rogers found that the names
of the parents of the deceased Sullivan
were different from those of the relatives
of his heirs. Rauer was at the bank for a
purpose of his own. however. He had
been asked by Chretien to accommodate
one of his clients, who was going to Nome,
with some money. Chretien told him that
his client had an estate of $2500 coming to
him, and he wanted Rauer to take it up
and advance the money to his client.
Rauer wished to make sure 'of the fact
that the dead Sullivan and the depositor
of the Hlbernia Bank were the same per
son, so he went out to the bank to com
pare the signature of the depositor Sulli
van with that of Sullivan the deceased.
He says the examination satisfied him,
and so he advanced $1950 and took an order
for tho $2500 estate in return. He has not
been paid his tncney yet.
San Quentin Threatens.
Rauer says he never saw the heir, and
whatever he knows of him is from what
he has been told by Chretien. He says
that a week before the decree of distribu
tion Chretien c&me to him and showing
a power of attorney asked for the loan of
$500 for Sullivan the heir. Rauer let him
have «he money for a bonus of $100. and
the check was made payable to Sullivan.
¦ In speaking of the case yesterday Rauer
said:
"1 was. satisfied that the man Sullivan
was the proper heir, although I never saw
him and know him only through what
Chretien tcld me. I took up the estate
solely upon ¦what representations were
made to me an-1 upon the orders of court.
I have not asked for my money yet, but
when I do. if I do not get it there will be
trouble. If that man Sullivan Is a bogus
heir I'll have liim sent to San Quentin,
and Chretien, too. It will be worth five
hundred more to yet even."
George T. Knox. the notary before
whom the deposition of Sullivan was
taken, declares he has had nothing to do
with the case. "When a man comes to
me to have his testimony taken he comes
upon an order of court, and all I do is to
swear him and see that his answers are
properly recorded," said Knox yesterday.
"I remember when Chretien and Ruef
came to me to have a deposition taken,
and as my office is small: they agreed that
I. should take it in Ruef's office. There
was only one witness, a man named Sul
livan. I had never seen him before, but
Chretien said he was the man mentioned
in the order of court, and so I swore him
and cook his testimony. I do not remem
ber what he paid, but I do remember that
witnin a few days, certainly within a
week, I had the deposition transcribed
and sent a copy of It out to the County
Clerk's office to be filed. I sent the copy
for filing out to the County Clerk by a
messenger boy. Mr. Ruef has a copy
of the deposition now. As for the witness
(Sullivan), I had never seen- him before
and I have not seen him since. Chretien
told roe he was the man whose deposition
I was to take under the order of 'court,
and I swore him and took his testimony."
Neryous Tension Prevails in Court.
The tension that tells the story of sup
pressed excitement seemed to prevail
among the many spectators who congre
gated in Judge Troutt's court early yester
day morning. They had gathered to listen
to new developments in the Sullivan es
tate scandal and to be ready on adjourn
ment to sit in the "post mortem" exam
ination they knew would follow the pre
sentation of the defense of the principals
In the conspiracy. At the hour of 10
o'clock Judge. Troutt entered .the court
room and was immediately approached by
Attorney Ruef, who informed the court
that he desired a hearing In regard to the
Sullivan estate expose. Judge .Troutt in
formed Mr. Ruef that h6 had ordered a
hearing for this morning, but finally yield
ed to Mr. Ruef's request that he be grant
ed an opportunity to make a statement.
Judge , Troutt took the bench, and Ruef.
while the lawyers ; in court gathered
around him. Including Reuben H. Lloyd,
who subsequently addressed the court as
"amicus curiae," rose to make ] • his an
nouncements to the court. Judge Troutt,
however, opened proceedings. • He^saJd:
lating to your Honor or myself. And I
v.lsh to say that the article Itself loes
not. say anything derogatory either to
your Honor or ourselves In express terms,
but simply by the headlines and the pub
lication of .our pictures; otherwise other
¦^proceedings would be taken against the
paper which has the hardihood to make
even these Implied assaults, :-
"Moreover, the deposition which is re
ferred to > as having been stolen from the
files is here and the clerk has it. Again,
it' is said that Mr. Chretien and others
have looted the estate and have stolen all
the money, implying that your Honor and
myself and others have had a share in
this looting. I desire to say now that the
money has not been paid over, but Is in
the hands of the adminsltrator, that at
the time that the decree of distribution
was made application was made to the
administrator to pay that money, but
upon rhy advice he refused to pay it until
the time for appeal from the decree had
elapsed. At that time. May 7, 1900. we
were notified that Mr. J. J. Rauer, who is
a shrewd business man, had purchased
the interest of the heir in the estate, and
after his Investigation, and having risked
his" money upon it, we were to some ex
tent, satisfied, in addition to the proof
here, that the right man was the John
Sullivan represented by Mr. Chretien, if
any doubt had before existed.
"Moreover, a bond was furnished to us
bv a" surety company guaranteeing us
against any possible harm or damage or
loss that might result from paying over
the money. But they were so insistent
upon saving every dollar in the estate
that when it finally came to paying the $60
that the surety company required they did
not pay it. The bond was in our posyes
slon for a long time. I think it was re
turned last week to the surety company
and is still in the possession of Mr. Rig
by, the attorney, the attorney in fact for
the surety company. The money is in our
possession yet. ~
Rauer Appears With Assignment.
"On last Saturday the sixty days from
the time of the flling of the decree had
elapsed and Mr. Rauer came with. his as
signment to the ottice of the adminis
trator and requested the payment of the
money to him, as he would have been en
titled to had the sixty days elapsed. We
demanded a certificate from the County
Clerk that the sixty days from the date
of the entry of the decree had elapsed.
The County Clerk furnished him such a
certificate. We telephoned out again 'for
further, assurance and found that injtead
of its being the 7th upon which the de
cree had been entered, it had - been illed
on the "th, and through Inadvertence the
clerk had certified that it was entered on
the* 7th, but the decree had not been
entered until the 12th, and we put off.
these people until the 12th to get. their
money, on which day the sixty days
would have expired; and fortunately for
this court and -for ourselves, by the small
Interval of three days we are saved from
having a charge made against us that we
paid this money out knowingly for the
purpose of defrauding somebody whose
name does not appear in the papers nor
in the article. .
. "I wish tosaynow, If your Honor please,
that if your Honor will instruct us to that
effect we will not pay over that money
to any person until tiie further order of
the court In the premises."
The Court— That certainly Is the order
and desire of the court
Demands Presentation of Proof.
Mr. Ruef— I now ask that In view of the
serious charges that have been made
against certain officers of the court, not
myself nor Drinkhouse nor your Honor,
but air. Taylor Rogers and Mr. Chretien,
that these people who have published the
article be cited to appear here with proofs
that this man is 'not the man that he
claims to be, "and I ask that the citation
be issued to the proprietor/the publisher,
the editor and the reporters of The Morn
ing Call.. directing them to appear in this
court and show, to your Honor that th'e
Mr." John Sullivan r who received this
money according to the. order of the court
is not- the John Sullivan who Is entitled
to It.
f The Court— For, the present I do not de
sire -to put the burden upon anybody/to
prove r a negative, .but I 'desire to investi
gate furthec as to whether. this man is the
heir or^. whether there has been an; at
tempt to ' Impose upon the Publie Admin
istrator." the . attorneys and .the court.
never transferred to the heir, as he had I
assigned It to Jake Rauer, and Mr. Rauer
! agreed to leave It in. trust to the Public
Administrator for sixty days. For this
kindness even' body in the case seems, to
be deeply grateful to Mr. Rauer. After
signing his receipt In the office of Attor- j
ney Ruef .and assigning the entire estate j
of his brother to Jake Rauer, the bogus |
heir disappeared as mysteriously as he j
had come. No one is ready to produce |
him. as no one dares to produce hpn. ]
Jake Rauer demanded his money from
Attorney Ruef last Saturday and was re
fused payment on the ground that the j
sixty days had not expired. It is ad- ;
mltted that several hundred dollars were {
advanced by the Publip Administrator
! through his attorney. Ruef. before the
! estate became, through the process of the
I court, the property of the impostor.
This, however, will not alter the fact
that the Public Administrator is respons
ible to the court for the entire amount,
which is more than $3500. Judge Troutt
has, since the expose made by The Call
yesterday, decided to hold his decree of
distribution In abeyance. John M. Chre
tien will have an opportunity, therefore,
of proving in court the truth of his cli
ent's claim. It is possible that the heir
might be induced under these circum
stances to return to San Francisco. Jake
Rauer, who claims to have advanced 51350
to th e heir, says he will leave nothing un
done to bring him back to San Francisco,
and with as much haste as the law will
permit place him a/d his attorney in San
Quentin if they have imposed upon him.
Mr. Rauer, as it is generally known, is
very unsophisticated and Is easily Im
posed on by designing persons.
He occupies a very unique position in
this case. He has the <istinction of hav
ing destroyed three heirs by a simple as
sertion and of having assured the estate
to the bogus John Sullivan. James Tay
lor Rogers admits that it was Jake Rauer
who persuaded him to retire from the
case* and reach the conclusion that those
interesting nieces and nephew who are
living a peaceful life in Soho Square, Lon
don, are not the children of the unfortun
ate John Sullivan who died many year?
ago. Mr. Rogers says that he had a pe
culiar experience with these Londoners.
They wrote to him from London claiming
heirship of Joseph Sullivan, and on Octo
ber 16. 1899, he undertook their case and
liled notice that he wcruld appear for
them.
Bauer Secures the Estate.
On October IS he sent these people ex
plicit instructions as to the course they
should pursue in proving their heirship.
Mr. Rogers' letters were voluminous, but
he says he never received an answer to
them. Notwithstanding this fact, and
having no reason to believe that he ever
would hear from these people, on May 2.
190>), one day beforo Judge Troutt was to
distribute the estate, James Taylor Rog
ers served his petition for distribution
upon Attorney Ruef and stated he was
ready to prove that the John Sullivan
produced by John Chretien was an im
postor and that the nieces and nephew
were the only legal heirs. The next morn
ing, Mr. Rogers says, he was told by Mr.
Rauer. who was in court representing his
interests in the case, whatever they might
have been, that the nieces and nephew
were impostors and that Mr. Rogers was
being imposed upon.
To prove this Mr. Rauer kindly offered
to go with Mr. Rogers to the Hibernla
Bank and show by the records made there
In behalf of Joseph Sullivan that his par
ents were not the same people whom the
nieces and nephew claimed as their par
ent. Mr. Rogers said he went with Mr.
Jtauer and was satisfied, from a copy of
the record which he received from a.
clerk, that Mr. Rauer was correct and
thereupon the petition of the nieces and
nephew was dismissed. Rogers had seen
the deposition of John Sullivan. It was
therefore very careless in him not to have
noticed that there was a discrepancy be
tween the account given by John Sullivan
of his parents and that given by the
nieces and nephew. The attorney had to
wait all those months, therefore, until
Mr. Rauer cleared his mind of doubt. The
clerk at the bank, whose name has been
used upon the authority of Mr. Rogers,
does not recall the incident of the visit at
all. as he never attends to the depart
ment where deposits are made and could
not possibly have given Mr. Rauer the in
formation which he said he had obtained.
Jake Rauer is quite as positive aa Rogers
"In regard to the estate of Joseph Sulli
van, I desire, -Mr. Clerk, that notice shall
be sent to the attorneys, that is, Mr. Ruef,
who is present this morning, and James
Taylor Rcgers and John M. Chretien, to
appear to-morrow morning at, 10 o'clock.
I desire that a- special ..r-fTort : should. be
made to have them appear in tniseat^V-7
"I think it is my duty to the bar to state
concerning this matter that the deposi
tion purporting to be that of John Sul
livan, who claimed to be a brother of
deceased, is here and has been ever since
It was presented to the court, on which
deposition the court acted, and all of the
counsel In the case, there being three,
representing different Interests— the attor
ney for the Public Administrator, the at
torney for the absent heir, brother, and
the attorney for the contesting heirs.
They were all here without question and
the deposition was sufficient upon whiqh
to distribute the estate. However, Mr.
Ruef has very kindly informed me this
morning that the estate has not been dis
tributed; that is to say, the decree has
been made, but the matter is still in pos
session of the Probate Court."
"If your Honor please." said Mr. Ruef,
"I think, in justice to this court and in
justice to Mr. Drinkhouse and in justlci?
to myself, I should make a statement in
regard to the article published, and give
the newspaper publishing it, an opportuni
ty to retract it If so desired.
"We took out letters of administration
according to law. We were informed that
Joseph Sullivan had a brother living in
London. We asked the British Consal.
through jiis attorney and personally, to
Investigate the matter, which he did,
through the Foreign Office. Here is the
letter stating that the brother was nu
longer there, that he ¦•"Jd not reside at
Soho square. \hat he -i^.id not;be found.
The following is the. letter:
" 'A. Ruef, Esq.. 402 Montgomery st., San
', Francisco. .'*'•
Yours faithtully.
i "'Dear Sir— Our London agent reports
that he has seen three John Sulllvans. all
t.iJlors, residing in London " v that none of
them is the right man. Have you not
the address o( John Sullivan, Joseph's
brother, in your office? There is no John
Sullivan' tailor, now living in Soho square.
•CORMAC. DONAHUE & BAUM.'
Statement Regarding Rogers' Ap
pearance.
"Subsequent to that J. Taylor Rogers ap
peared in this case, representing two al
leged nieces. When the petition for dis
tribution was about to be, filed Taylor
Rogers appeared in this court and filed a
counter petition. On my statement to
vour Honor that there was , a dispute as
to who was the heir your Honor directed
the case to be postponed until the next
day for investigation. The next day Tay
lor Rogers came into court and said that
he had been at the Hibernla Bank, where
the deposit of • money belonging to the
estate had been made, and that he found
that tho people whom he represented had
a different mother; that is to say. the
mother's maiden name, both her first
name and her second name were differ
ent from the two names of the mother of
this decedent, and in open court he stated
to your Honor that the John Sullivan
whom Mr. Chretien was then represent
ing and who was in court the day before,
but not on the day of the. decree of dis
tribution, so far as 1 remember, was the
true heir. Then your Honor allowed the
deposition to be read in-evidence and the
estate was ordered distributed. /' '
3 "The deposition was taken/ if your Honor
please, before the petition for distribution
was filed, or about that time, because the
person who claimed to be the heir claimed
that he was in urgent need, of a small
amount of money, and the deposition was
taken not so much for use in this court
as for the protection of the administrator
In paying out a small sum of money, two
or three or four hundred dollars, upon
his own responsibility to this heir. Sub
sequently, the heir being in court on the
3rd of May of -this year, the deposition
was "used upon the 4th, . he was
not present, and the_ deposition had . been
filed, here' by the notary, Mr. Knox.
Buef Defends Notary. Knox.
; "In. this connection, I desire to say that
Mr. ; : Knox's relation • to; that affair^ was
simply : that '. of an \ ordinary ¦ notary' who
was called In ; to take fa", deposition. His
picture is in;tho paper," with those, of ; the
other looters of this estate, most' unjustly,
ascnythins. that, occurs -in the article re-
EVIDENCE WHICH SHEDS LIGHT ON PROBATE CRIME
Mr. Ruef-I will state further that at
the time the hearing came up it was stat
ed that a man named Martin Murphy of
Santa Clara County was familiar with all
the facts and knew this man in London,
knew his family and knew the decedent.
A commission was issued, the same as the
deposition here was taken, a commission
was issued to take the deposition of Mar
tin Murphy, but the taking of his depo
sition, upon the assurance that Mr. Mar
tin Murphy would be in court when want
ed, was dispensed with.- I will state now.
for the benefit of this paper, if it desires
any further information about it, that the
place where Mr. John Sullivan, the person
who is supposed to be the heir, came from
in this State was Evergreen, Santa Clara
County: that that was the address given
to us. and that he worked upon Haggln>
stock farm out near Sacramento. We
verified all these statements. Mr. Bow-,
den. an attorney of San Jose, represented
this alleged heir— I think Mr. Nicholas
Bowden of San Jose represented this al
leged heir, John Sullivan, prior to the
time that Mr. Chretien represented him as
being the man from Santa Clara County.
This article was published this morning
without any investigation, without having
come to the office of the Administrator or
hi3 attorney, and without having inquired
of a single person other than the anony
mous furnisher of the information to the
paper, who perhaps has no connection
with the case, and whom we do not know.
Sullivan His Own Identifier.
I wish to state also that we have in
this case acknowledgments by notaries of
the signature of this John Sullivan as be
ing the man that he represents himself to
be.^So that in every possible way we
have guarded against the possibility of
fraud, as we do In every case. The Pub
lic-;Adminlstrator, Mr. Drinkhouse, during
his \erm of office, never paid out a dollar
to. anybody for any purpose whatsoever
without being sure that the person to
whom he paid was the proper person.
In this particular case It was reportel
to us that the man was in London, whei:
he finally turned up In California. If w<!
had paid this money out. even if we had
done so fraudulently or otherwise, to any
body Mr. Drir.khouse would have betn
still personally liable for paying it to the
wrong man and not to the person who
was really the heir. We would have been
obliged to pay 1 It twice had we paid it out
wrongfully once. No advantage could
possibly result to Mr. Drinkhouse or to
his attorney from making a false payment
to anybody in a case of this kind because
at any time the full amount of the money
would have been at the disposal of the
true heir had this man proven to be tho
false heir.
The Court— You will be able to be here
to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock?
| Mr. Ruef— I will be here to-morrow
morning or any ether day.
. Court Informs District Attorney,
j The Court— I desire to say also that In
the effort to ascertain whether any wrong
has been done here and whether there has
been any imposition upon the court by a
man claiming to be the heir when he is
not the heir, I have consulted the District
Attorney on his coming to his office, and
asked him to co-operate with you. Mr.
Ruef. and with the court In the effort to
get at the facts.* Now I will take step* to
see to it that sufficient prcof is here, if
there has not been alrtaJy. and I desire
to know at this time whether you recall
the a p pea ran co of that man who claims!"
to be the heir. In court.,
Mr. Ruef— Yes, sir; very accurately.
The Court— Who was In court here?
Mr. Kuef— I examined him.
The Court— 1 have some recollection of
it, but I can't recollect all these things.
Mr. Ruef— He was upon the stand here.
He was a short, thickset man. with a red
dish mustache.- He gave all the facts ac
cording \o what we had of them and ac
cording to the records of the banks; we
verified those ourselves afterward.
The Court— I have an Impression that I
requested particularly that he take the
stand. Do you remember that?
Mr. Ruef — I recall that circumstance: he
was on the stand.
The Court— I can't recall all the circum
stances; it Is Impossible for a man In my
position to do so; my memory is not equal
to it.
| Mr. Ruef— It is unfortunate that such
things can be thrown out broadcast
throughout the land without anybody af-
'HE startling expose made yesterday
by The Call of the outrageous theft
jl of the property of the Intestate dead
through the court of Judge James M.
Troutt created a sensation In this city.
scandalous affair was a matter of
per.eral comment, surprise and indignation
among lawyers and laymen. It seemed in
credible that the estate of a dead man
Could be stolen by a ring of lawyers op
erating in a court in this city, but the
facts could not be controverted. The
Scoundrel who Impersonated the dead man
bas fled, it is= claimed, to Cape Nome, and
Rot or.e of the lawyers who was concerned
In his appearance as the heir of Joseph
Bul'ivan is •willing to admit that he knows
vho the bogus heir was or whether his
rsvorn Btatexoest «rai worthless or not.
The Call asserted yesterday that this
heir could not be produced by the
conspirators, and this paper reiter-
Btes its assertion. As was to be ex
pected, the men who were concerned in
this outrage upon the dead are striving to
Iiiake explanations, but these explana
tions do not alter the fact that a crime
vas committed and that an estate wa&
awarded to an impostor. When Judge
Troutfs court was convened yesterday
morning the courtroom was crowded by
attorneys and laymen, eager to hear what
the court would do in view of the start
ling accusations that this paper had made.
Judge Troutt complimented The Call for
Its efforts in the matter and pave assur
er.ee that if a crime had been committed
he would leave rothinp undone to punish
the offenders ar.d see that Justice was
given. He decided that an inquiry should
be made, and this morning at 10 o'clock
It will begin. .
' Judce Troutt declares that he has em
t ployed a detective to make an effort to
* discover the heir, ar.d no effort will be
reflected to do so. Judge Troutt has also
: ¦ Instructed the District Attorney to appear
In court this morning ar.d listen to the
testimony, in order that the entire scan
dalous affair may be brought to the at
tention of the Grand Jury.
The Call asserted yesterday that the
only shadow of proof which the bogus
fceir had submitted as a guarantee
rf his reliabaiiity and heirship .was his
deposition takon in an attorney's office.
This paper declared that this deposition
am tint on file in the office of the County
riprk, whore it < ugrht to be. County Clerk
Will:am A. D.-ane took occasion to deny
this statement r.r.d to assert that he had
¦personal possession of this deposition in
his private safe f-ince it had been filed. He
remarked that he was particularly careful
cf the custody of surh important docu
rnents and had taken personal possession
• of this one. This assertion of Mr. Deane
Is a mistake, He never had possession of
the deposition of the bogus John Sullivan
Until yesterday, when he received it from
the man >vho had possession of It all these
pionths — Clerk McElroy of Judge Troutt's
court.
Perjury in the Deposition.
This deposition is a most remarkable
Bocument. The attorney for the Public
Administrator, Abraham Ruef, admits
that he consented to the taking of the
deposition as a matter of convenience to
Mr. Chretien and his client, the bogus
John Sullivan. When this deposition was
taken John M. Chretien had sworn In a
petition which is on file in the County
Clerk's office that he had made very per
(: istent Inquiry and had learned from the
] ostal authorities of London that no such
man as John Sullivan lived at 34 Soho
Fquare. London, and that if he had lived
there he had prone away without leaving
J.!s address. Abraham Ruef. the attorney
for th» Public Administrator, had learne'3
from the solicitors for the British Consul
cf this city the very same facts. The»c
lawyers had informed Mr. Ruef that
there were only three John Sulllvan.s,
tailors, in London, and that not one of
them was the one who was Joseph Sul
livan's heir.
More than this, no John Sullivan lived
en Soho Square, which is a street of ono
lilock. Mr. Chretien swore to the court
that between May and August of 1K*3 he
had sent letters and instructions to 34
Soho Square to John Sullivan and had
his letters returned with the announce
ment of the postal authorities that no
such man lived there. With these facts
in their possession Attorneys Ruef and
Chretien examined the scoundrel who rep
resented himself as John Sullivan and
eaid that in the latter part or September
or the early part of October, 1S93, he had
left his home at 34 Soho Square at the
request of John M. Chretien. Strangely
enough the attorneys did not detect the
Ftujiid falsehood of the impostor who was
asking for something which did not bt
long to him.
This bogus John Sullivan, having stated
that he had received at 34 Soho Square,
London, letters calling him to California,
forgot himself and said that he received
these letters at Evergreen, Santa Clara
County, where they had been forwarded
.jto him by the postal authorities of Lon
_#'On. He swore 5n his perjured deposition
That when he left his home at 34 Soho
! Square he had left his prospective address
with the postal authorities and Mr. Ru«»f
knew that the postal authorities knew
nothing of him ac Cormac & Donohue of
this city, representing the British Consul,
had given him assurances of that fact.
And Mr. Chretien knew that his own let
ters to 34 Soho Square to John Sullivan
had been returned by the same authori
ties and thnt they knew nothing of him
or his whereabouts. Upon this extraordi
nary deposition Attorney Ruef, represent
ing the Public Administrator, and John
M- Chretien, representing the rascal,
agreed that the man who signed the dep
osition was the # legitimate heir. This is
the startling story told by the deposition
which was not in the County Clerk's of-
Imposter Sails for Nome.
More than this, "The Call reproduces
this morning two signatures of John Sul-
Jivan. They were not written by the same
ir.an. One is the rignature to the deposi
tion. The other is a signature of Johr
Sulliv?j) to a receipt -»eknowledeins that
he has received from the Public Admin
istrator, through Abraham Ruef, payment
in full of the estate of his brother. Jo-
6 iph Sullivan, and Attorney Ruef says
tivit the money represented by that estate"
Is 'still in the possession of the Probate
Court.
>?t-. Ruef says that the money was
Call's Expose of a
Crime Upon the
Dead Creates
Consternation
Among the Con
spirators.
Dare Not Produce
the Bogus Heir,
Wfoo, It Is Said,
Has Sailed for
Cape Nome Gold
Fields,
fected having the right or the opportu
nity to defend himself.
The Court-I appreciate that. % I think
the publication In The Call this morning
was entirely voluntary. The whole matter
has been a surprise to me. If the one who
wrote this article had simply come to tho
courtroom clerk he would have had the
deposition for Inspection. Mr. Clerk, this
deposition has been In your possession
how long?
The Clerk— Ever since June VL
Ruef Takes Extra Precautions.
Mr. Ruef— We have an exact copy of It
for our own protection. "We have all these
papers which I have made referenca -to
and they are at the disposal of the court
or of this newspaper at this time, as are
also all our books, in connection with this
estate, or any other estate.' that was ever
In Mr. Drlnkhouse's office or In my ©fHce.
Mr. Lloyd— In consulting with some of
the members of the bar who have read
the publication we think on account of the
charge that has been made that It is the
duty of the court to thoroughly Investi
gate this matter and in order to do so
properly it must keep control of the case.
As I understand from the statements of
counsel, three days have to elapse before
the decree would become final. I think
therefore it is a duty to the court and to
the members of the bar and to the heirs
of the estate that an order should be made
now setting- aside that decree.
Mr. Ruef— If your Honor please, the de
cree can be set aside, as I understand it,
any time within six months
Mr. Lloyd (interrupting)— In sixty days
it becomes final.
Mr. Ruef— In sixty days it becomes final
upon the question of appeal upon the evi
dence. I think It would serve the pur
pose better to make an order to show
cause why it should not be set aside. We
can have it set aside to-morrow morning
at the time the order to show cause is re
turnable.
Lloyd Acts as Court's Friend.
Mr. Lloyd— 1 suggest that a short order
to show cause to-morrow morning be pre
pared and that no longer time be allowed
or the decree may become final.
The court— I appreciate very much tho
suggestion of .counsel acting as amicua
curiae. I feel thjt we can set aside the
decree to-morrow morning. I think that
the safer course. I appreciate the sug
gestions made by members of the bar to
the court. It was very startling what I
read this morning In the paper. Of courso
It was entirely unexpected. I am very
glad to be In a position to investigate at
once. I shall do all that Is possible— as
others will— to ascertain whether a wrong
has been committad.
Mr. Lloyd — I will prepare an order.
Mr. Ruef— Mr. Chretien not only ap
peared under an order, but he has a pow-r
of attorney, which I have In my posses
sion, signed by this man and acknowl
edged before a Xotary Public in this city,
under which he has been acting.
The court— Let all of the papers in this
matter be here to-morrow morning and
have notice given to Mr. Chretien aa well
as others to appear at that time.
Additional Pacts Regarding Case.
A few. facts relating to the estate still
remained to be told by Mr. Ruef after
the adjournment of court. In his posses
sion there remains a receipt showing that
so far as "John Sullivan" and his "at
torney in fact." John M. Chretien, are
concerned. Administrator Drinkhouse is
discharged of liability. Here begins the
story and as told by Mr. Ruef follows:
"After the appearance of the alleged
heir," said Mr. Ruef, "who was repre
sented by Mr. Chretien, and within a few
days of the conclusion of the proceedings
that would have resulted In a distribution
to him of the properties of the estate in
my possession, Mr. James Taylor Rogers
appeared as the alleged representative of
foreign heirs of the decedent. This ap
pearance resulted in a delay and Mr.
Chretien and his client became restless
and anxious for money. Yielding to their
constant demands this office advanced
some money and finally, after Mr. Rogers
had withdrawn his application for distri
bution of the decedent's properties to the
alleged heirs he represented. Mr. Chretien
and 'John Sullivan' pave me information
that they had negotiated with J. J. Kauer
for the transfer to him of all their Inter
est in the estate. For the purpose of pro
tecting Mr. Drinkhouse I conducted the
matter of receipts. John Sullivan, the al
leged heir, and Mr. Cnieticn, his attorney
in fact, presented me with a receipt In
which they acknowledged possession of
the distributive remainder of decedent's
estate. To protect Mr. Rauer from loss
foy.the moneys he had advanced, I pre
pared a receipt setting forth that there
had come Into my possession the distribu
tive remainder which I held subject to the
order ol Mr. Rauer. but pending the final
order cf the court after the termination
of the life of right of appeal from the
order of distribution. A copy of this doc
ument I still have in my possession. The
original I gave to Mr. Drinkhouse for de
livery to Mr. Rauer alter the receipt, by
me of the acknowledgment by 'John Sul
livan' and Chretien that ¦ all due them
had come into their possession. Whether
or not Drinkhouse has delivered this doc
ument tp Rauer I am unable to say. That
matter, however. Is not one which con
cerns this office. Mr. Drinkhouse and
myself have been extremely cautlou3 re
garding this estate, and the expose In this
morning's Call has saved Mr. Drinkhouse
something over $3000 if the allegation that
Chretien's client Is a bogus heir is true.
Heirs' Appearance Excited Suspicion.
'The peculiar appearance of the heirs
In this estate excited my suspicions from
the beginning. I rang up Mr. Rogers
shortly after he filed appearance as the
representative of the three foreign heirs
and solicited his haste in settling the
estate. Tie said that he had not yet made
connections: that he had not seen the Sul
livan- family tree bud before him in a
manner that demonstrated the truth of
his clients' claims, and hence he would
have to stand by his legal rights and de
mand further time. At a subsequent
hearing, however. Chretien informed At
torney Rogers that he could prove that
the foreign 'heirs' represented by the lat
ter were not the heirs of the deceased by
the medium of the records in the Hiber
nla. Bank. Subsequently I was Informed
that Mr. Rogers had withdrawn his de
mand for a hearing on behalf of his al-
PROBATE
RING EXPOSED BY THE CALL AROUSES ATTENTION OF THE
COURT
AND INVESTIGATION WILL AT ONCE BE HAD TO PROBE THE
SCANDAL
CONTINUED OX PAGE TWO.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRAISTCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 10, . 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIU— XO. 4O.
that they did go to the bank. Rauer i<3
also emphatic upon other points. He in
sists that he Is the injured party in the
entire case and that he has lost $1550 if
Chretien's client is a bogus heir.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLImposter.
Chretien's Heir Denounced as an
After the deposition was taken James
Taylor Rogers filed his remarkable docu
ment in which he charges the client of
John M. Chretien as being a man who
is an • impostor and not the heir to the
estate. Rogers' document is in full as
follows:
In the Superior Court of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of
California.
In the Estate of Joseph Sullivan, De
ceased.
No. 21.t»i', Department Xo. 10. Petition
for distribution.
In the above entitled estate Ml<ss
Mu i ry oi?ir. n Sul , Ilvan « Helena Sullivan
and Philip Sullivan present this as
their petition for distribution and for
cause thereof allege as follows:
First: That the above named dece
dent, Joseph Sullivan, died in this citv
and county, State of California, at the
l'rench Hospital, corner of Point Lo
bo* and Fifth avenues, on May 6, 1899
intestate, and aged about 46 years old'
leaving estate within this city and
county.
That thereupon, after due proceed
ings had, th's court issued letters of '
administration to the Public Adminis
trator, Hon. John A. Drinkhouse. as
-administrator in thlsjostate, and he
entered upon the duties of his trust
and now continues therein. *
Second: That on April 18, 1900. he
has filed in this court his final account
and petition for distribution, showing
the residue of the estate to be $36&S 17,
and that the estate is now ready to be
closed and such residue to be dis
tributed to the next of kin of the de
cedent, and that the hearing of the
same has been set in this court for
Thursday at 10 o'clock a. m.. May 3,
Third: That Joseph Sullivan died
unmarried and without issue or father
or mother, brother or sister, him sur
viving.
' That he was born in County Tip
perary, Ireland, about 1S54. hjs parents
being William, and Ellen * Sullivan.
That his father died In Ireland many
years past, and his mother died in
January. 1879, in London. England.
' That his parents were married at
Sardinian, . R. C. Chapel, Lincoln Inn
Fields, London. England.
That the children of this marriage
were four— two sons, Joseph, the dece
dent, and " John, and two daughters,
Ellen and Mary. ¦
That said daughters are now de
ceased many years.*.
That the son John was a tailor by
trade and- lived on Soho square, Lon
don. England, where he died several
years past.
That the deceased Joseph Sullivan
was a tailor by occupation and came
to £an Francisco about 1SS3. and con
tinued to reside herein until he died
—his last home being at Xo. 405 Hyde
street. ¦
That petitioners are the children and
sole heirs of; John Sullivan, deceased,
and are the next of kin of their uncle.
Joseph Sullivan, and that they are en
titled to the residue of- his estate.
That their respective shares wouW be
an undivided one-third thereof. That
they, reside at London. England.
Fourth: That in such petition for
CONTINUED FROM PAGE ONE
Whereas, said John Sullivan is a
necessary and material witness to es
tablish tho heirship; and
Whereas. *uid John Sullivan Is a
resident of the city of Sacramento,
Slate of California, and is unabie to
.attend the hearing of the petition for
linal distribution of the estate of said
deceased in Department No. 10 of the
above named Superior Court, at the
courtroom thereof at the City Hall at
said city and county of San Francisco,
on the — day of April, A. D. 1SKW, it
is hereby stipulated and agreed be
tween A. Ruef Esq.'; attorney for John
A. Drinkhouse, the administrator of
thq estate of Joseph Sullivan, de
ceased, and J. M. Ch'retien Esq., at
torney for John Sullivan, that an order
of the Superior Court of the city and
County of San Francisco, State afore
said, in Department No. ID thereof,
may be giv^n, made and entered, di
recting that a commission issue in the
matter of the estate of said Joseph
Sulliyan. deceased, directed to George
T. Knox Esq., Notary Public in and
for the city and county of San Fran
cisco. State aforesaid, at the office of
said Notary Public, city and county of
San .Francisco, State aforesaid, to ex-,
amine said John Sullivan as a witness
in his own behalf to establish hla claim
as sole heir at law of the estate of
said Joseph Sullivan, deceased, upon
interrogatories to be hereafter agreed
upon between said parties to be an- \
nexed to said commission, or upon
such interrogatories as shall be pro
pounded by said parties hereto or their
representatives at the taking of said
deposition; and to take a certified dep
osition of said John Sullivan, so ex
amine and return the same attached
to the commission to William A.
Deane, County Clerk of said city and
county and e'x-offlcio clerk of said
Superior Court in and for the city and
¦county, throuph the postotflce. post
age prepaid thereon and directed to
said William A. Deane at the new-
City Hall. San Francisco. California,
and it ifi further stipulated and agreed
betwten said parties hereto that the,
said deposition may be introduced and
read in evidence upon the hearing of
the final distribution of said estate and
to have the same force and effect as
if said John Sullivan was personally
present and sworn and testified as a
witness in open oourt.
The said commission to be excluded
as prescribed In accordance with the
provisfon relating thereto in the Code
of Civil Procedure of the State of Cali
fornia.
Dated this 9th day of April. 1&00.
A. RUEF,
Attorney for John A. Drinkhouse. Ad
ministrator of -the Estate of the
said Joseph Sullivan. Deceased. • >>¦
JOHN M: CHRETIEN, .
¦ •-¦"--¦•-.. . Attorney for John Sullivan." ,.' 1
Filed April 10, 1900, with ' County '
Clerk.
Whereas, John. Sullivan claims to be
a brother and sole heir at law of said
Joseph Sullivan, deceased; and
torneys that he was the heir. The agree
ment Is in full as follows:
In the Superior Court of the State of
California, in and for the City and
County of San Francisco.
In the matter of the estato of Joseph
Sullivan, deceased— Stipulation for
issuance of commission.
friend of decedent residing some dis
tance from San Jose; that, acting upon
said information, affiant endeavored to
communicate with said party, but
learned that said party, who was an
aged lady and thoroughly Ignorant
and unable to write, refused or de
clined to give any information; there
upon ailiaut procured a certified copy
of the order appointing him attorney,
etc., and took a trip to San Jo*e. and
aftor driving several mil^s saw the
aged lady and from her obtained the
desired information, viz.: That deced
ent had one brother named John, who
at the present time was residing in
London. Kngland. and as a result nh
tained the address of said John Sulli
van, which was No. 34 Soho square,
London, England.
Affiant thereupon sent a certified .
copy of his appointment, together with
a power of attorney, and all requisite
information and instructions to the
said John Sullivan at 34 Soho
sijuare, prepaid the postage thereon;
that the said package was returned by
the postal authorities of the city of
Ixindcn, England, with the information
that the said John Sullivan had re
moved from said 34 Soho square, leav
ing no address where mall matter
could b« forwarded to him;- thereupon
attiaiit communicated with the postal
authorities in the said city of London,
asking for information as to the best
means of discovering the whereabouts
of the said John Sullivan; affiant is
now Informed and believes that as the
said heir has such a common or ordi
nary name that it will oe- almost im
possible to locate him without adver
tising through said postal authorities
of thp city of London for his where
abouts: afnant is also informed that
this will be a cheaper and more expe
ditious way of finding him, as the em
ployment of counsel in London, Eng
ffwwl. for that purpose would be very
expensive; afnant has incurred con
siderable expense thus far and. will
incur greater expense In prosecuting
nis investigation as to the present
place of residence of the aforesaid
heir; that, in the opinion of the afllant,
it will be necessary to take steps to es
tablish the heirship of said heir, and
to that end to perpetuate the testi
mony of certain witnesses who, are
now aged or Infirm, and whose testi
mony Is necessary; that affiant, has
been almost • continuously employed
since the date, of his appointment in
this investigation, and is sstistied that
tho said John Sullivan is the sole heir i
of drcedent. Joseph Sullivan. -
Wherefore. afHant prays for an order .
of this court allowing to him a reas
onable compensation for services ren
dered, costs incurred and to be incur
red as aforesaid.
JOHN M. CHRETIEN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 2Sth day of August. 1899.
LEE D. CRAIG. Notary Public.
Preparing for ths Perjured Deposition
The next significant document in the
case was also submitted by John M.
Chretien, as party to a stipulation .be
tween him and Abraham Ruef. attorney
for the Public Administrator. This stipu
lation is the agreement by which the
bogus . heir was permitted: to .make hla
deposition in " the office of 'Attorney Ruef.
and in the ridiculous fashion "which has
already been described satisfied the at-
PROBATE SCANDAL WILL BE IN COURT.
ROTTERDAM. July 9.— The strike of
dock laborers and car men here has as
sumed a most serious aspect. The strik
ers to-day fired upon the soldiers, wound
ing ten of them. The garrison has been
reinforced and warships are protecting
the water front.
dam Grows Serious.
Strike of Dock Laborers at Rotter-
MOB FIRE ON SOLDTEBS.
ing Early Morning Hours.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MAYFIELD. July 9.— The building that
was owned by L. O. Weisshaar and ocrn
pled by Rice's saloon. Dr. Samuels and
Adams' shoe store was destroyed by flri
this morning. The flames had gained such
headway when the alarm was turned in
that the firemen were unable to save tha
structure and were forced to let the fire
have its way. satisfying themselves with
saving the adjoining buildings.
But little insurance was carried.
"Weisshaar Building Destroyed Du*»
FIBE AT MAYFIELD.
"Three companies of troops joined Colo
onel Burroughs' regiment at Doompoosl
at the exact hour appointed, thus upset
ting the plans of the enemy, who offered
no resistance. Burroughs attacked Ko
kofu July 3. but failed to take the town.
Lieutenant Brownlee of the West Indlain
regiment and five soldiers were killed,
eiehty-one wounded, including several
officers slightly wounded. We will pro
ceed to Bekwal. About 30,000 Ashantla
are awaiting our approach at Kumassi."
Later the Colonial Office Issued the text
of a telegram from tr>" Governor of th«
Gold Coast. Sir Frederick Hodgson, dated
Akwabosir, July 1, which said he crossed
the Ofin River with the force that left
Kurnassi, acompanled by Lady Hodgson
and other Europeans. The journey, ha
adds, was very severe.
the Natives.
LONDON. July 9.— The Colonial Office
has received the following dispatch from
Colonel Willcocks, dated at Fumsu.
Ashanti:
Relief Forces' Attack Upon the As
hanti Town Repulsed by
BRITISH FAIL TO
CAPTURE KOKOFU
case that was passed upon by the Su
preme Court, Judge Ross says:
Nor is it of any Importance in view of the
provisions of the statute under consideration
that . the selection here in question may have
been made in the hope of finding oil In the land.
The statute conferring the right of selection
does not make that right in any way depend
upon the intent with which it is made. 'Where
lands are withdrawn and not subject to selec
tion under the act of June 4. 1S97,' they are not
open to settlement, but continue open to ex
ploration for minerals.
. Railroad Case Cited.
Judge Ross particularly recites the case
of the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
vs. Hussey. 15 U. S. A. 391. where a legal
discussion followed regarding a contention
of odd numberd sections of land where
the Kederal court said that some new
condition is always met and that a Just
order or rule known to equity courts was
born of some emergency. Judge Ross
concludes in the following summary:
It results, from what has been said, that un
til it shall be determined by the Land Depart
ment that the tract of land was not vacant and
open to settlement at -the time of its selection
by the predecessor In the Interest of the com
plalnant,'"an equity in that tract exists in the
complainant, which a court- of equity should
protect against euch acts as are here threatened
and comi-lalned of. Accordingly a decree will
be entered in favor of the complainant with a
provision, however, to the effect that should
the I^ar.d Department cf the Government at any
time prior to the. issuance of a patent for the
FPlrcted tract determine that the land was not
vacant and open to settlement at the time of
Its peloctlon, the operation of the decree shall
thereupon cease.
¦ This decision will affect thousands of
acres of land in Central and Southern
California located as agricultural land
through scrip obtained from original set
tlers on land afterward declared by the
courts to belong to the railroads. The
most valuable land in controversy which
will be affected by this decision is in the
Kern River country. In effect the de
cision virtually declares that scrip land
claims take precedence over mineral
claims as all of the oil lands are claimed
as mineral lands.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE ERSKINE M. ROSS, WHO REN
DERED A MOST IMPORTANT OIL,' LAND DECISION AT LOS ANGE
LES YESTERDAY.
In his review Jud^e Ross continues:
The great importance that the oil industry
has iibsumpil in this State, the enormous value
of oil prcxluclne lands and consequent avidity
with which thry are sought, coupled with the
fart that the iir«>Erent pult will serve as a pre
cedent for others now pending, has caused the
raw to be taken up out of its regular order
to give the questions presented careful con
sideration and to the end that the law upon
the subject may be epeedlly nettled and the
way indicated by whirh the title to such lands
may be acquired and the important industry en
courapod and developed.
The Judge then discusses the features
of decisions and cites over 100 cases that
bear upon the question. He particularly
refers to the case of the Nevada Sierra
Qll Company vs. Home Oil Company. 9S
Fed. Rep. 673, where it was decided as well
as by the land office that indications,
however strong, are not sufficient to an
swer the requirements relating to placer
claims; that one essential condition to the
making of a valid location must be a dis
covery of mineral within the limits of the
claim. While this decision created sur
prise, it was shown to be in strict accord
with the statutes.
. ' Germ of the Opinion.
The germ of the decision is contained in
the following:
Applying tho law to the facts as made clear
; that the location of th» land in controversy by
: the predecessors In interest of the defendants.
under the statute relating to placer -claim.',
' amounted to nothinc. for the reason that no
discovery of oil or other mineral ¦ had
then been made. nor Indeed has yet
| been made in <>r upon any put of the land
named, it is not pretended that defendants or
pnKlPceFsors remained In actual possession of
any part of the premises, and If they had the
law i.« well settled that mere occupancy of pub
lic l?.nd and improvements thereon jrive no
| vested rights therein as against the United
States antl consequently not against any pur
chaser from them.
I'nder this condition Judge Ross says
that others had the right to enter upon
the lands for the purpose of taking them
up under the mining laws or to acquire
title by any legal means. After citing a
Director-General Buckley and Hia
Friends About the Only Ones
Who Made Any Money.
Sp<?cial Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON', July 9.— As a self-sustain
ing proposition the late street fair was
not a success, although there is a dispo
sition among merchants to put up the
deficit and count the money well spe-it.
An estimate to-day shows $10.2S5 receipts
and $12,070 expenditures, a deficit of $1785,
with all bills not yet in.
Of the expeoditures noted "Director
General" Buckley takes JS50 for hia
month's work. Conl calculators figure
that tho director general and his friends
among the concessionaires made a good
clean-up. Figuring on a basis of the $2500
received from the sideshows, Tvhich gen
erally paid about 30 per cent, about jSOOfi
was taken out of the city by this class
alone. These concessionaires were, more
over, the chief money-earners, while all
heavy expenditures, like music, etc.. came
direct out of the citizens' committee's
funds.
BIG DEFICIT CAUSED BY
STOCKTON STREET FAIR
marine guards at Mare Island discovered
four men prowling about the island, pre
sumably in search of what they might
steal. The sentry hailed them and the
four ran for a boat they had secreted in
the tules. Two were captured and two
escaped. The two who escaped reached
the Vallejo side when the sloop Rambler,
belonging to one of the gang, was called
into service and conveyed the miscreants
to some other place. The naval authori
ties communicated with the police of this
city and turned over the captured pair,
by name E. G. Munsey and Albert Ste
phens. The naval officers are sure they
have two of an organized gang of thieves
who have been systematically stealing
goods from Mare Island of late.
Stephens and Munsey offered the guards
$50 if they would release them.
The policei of Vallejo have been watch
ing this crowd and the present case 13
likely to go hard with them.
Two Men Under Arrest Believed to
Have Been Systematically Steal
ing From the Government.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
VALLEJO. July 9.-Saturday night the
SUSPECTED THIEVES ARE
CAPTURED AT MARE ISLAND
Estate Given to the Bogus Heir.
The last deeply significant document in
the case is the decree of distribution,
made, entered and filed by Judge Troutt.
This decree awarded the entire estate to
the fictitious heir and recited the fact that
James Taylor Rogers withdrew hia three
interesting alleged heirs. This decree Is
in full as follows:
In the Superior Court in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of
California. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the estate of Josepn
Sullivan, deceased. Decree of set
tlement of accounts and final dis
tribution. . . ,
John A. Drinkhouse, the adminis
trator of the estate of Joseph Sulii
van. deceased, having on the ISth day
of April. A. D. 1900. rendered and filed
herein a full account and report of his
administration of the said estate,
which account was for linal settle
ment, and having with said accaunt
riled a petition for the final distribu
tion of the estate, and said account
and petition this day coming on regu
larly to be heard, proof having been
made to the satisfaction of the court
that the Clerk had given notice of the
settlement of said account and the
hearing of said petition in the manner
and for the time heretofore ordered
and directed by the court: and it ap
pearing that said account is in all xe-
SDects true and correct, and that it is
supported by proper vouchers; that
the residue of money In the hands cf
the Administrator at the time of tiling
the said was $3437 67; that since the
rendition of said account nothing hav
ing been received by the Administra
tor- that the sum of $2S7 45 has been
expended by him as necessary ex
1 pens?s of administration, the vouch
er* thereof, together with the state
ment of such additional disburse
ments, are now presented and filed,
and said statement is now settled and
allowed and the payments are ap
proved by thl? court; that the esti
mated expenses of closing the estate
will amount to $10. leaving a residue
of $3140 27. Said additional expenses
will be 33 follows: Taxes, city, county
and' State. 1900-01, $77; collateral in
heritance tax. $184 41; real estate.
1S99-1900, $104; notary and stenographer
deposition and copies, John Sullivan,
$25. Total. $2S7 45.
(The item for additional expenses is
indented In the document and bears
the signature of James M. Troutt,
Judge.)
And it appearing that all claims and
debts against said decedent, all taxes
on said estate and all debts and ex
penses and charges of administration
have been fully paid and discharged,
and that said estate is ready for dis
tribution, and in condition to be
closed: that said Joseph Sullivan died
intestate, leaving him surviving as his
sole heir at law his brother. John Sul
livan, whose deposition is on file here
in, and it further appearing In open
court by the admissions and declara
tions by J. Taylor Rogers Esq. that
¦ the persons on whose behalf the said
J. T. Rogers filed a petition for dis
tribution herein are not heirs of or re
lated to the said Joseph Sullivan, de
ceased, and the- said petition for dis-
distribution filed by the Hon. John A.
Drinkhouse there is an allegation that
the sole heir of the decedent is a
brother, one John Sullivan, and It is
prayed that the residue of said estate
be distributed to such alleged brother.
That in this respect petitioners deny
that the said John Sullivan is a broth
er of the decedent, and they allege that
he, the John Sullivan referred to in
such petition. Is not related to the de
ceased, and is not entitled to any oi
his estate. . ,
Wherefore, petitioners pray as fol-
First, that a time and place be set
for the hearing of this petition. Sec
ond, that on May 3. 19<J0. when the
final account and petition for distribu
tion, filed by John A. Drinkhouse.
shall come on for hearing, that the
same shall be postponed until the hear
ing of this petition. Third, that at
the time and place now, petitioners
be permitted to present proof of the
allegations here contained, and tnat
the residue of said estate be distri
buted to them as the sole heirs of the
decedent. Fourth, that the praj'er of
said petitioner for distribution to said
John Sullivan be denied. Fifth, for
EU ch A MErTAYLOR a ROGE J RS:
No. 1170 Market st..
Rooms 6 and 7.
April 30, 1900.
First, cash, the snm of $.tl40 27; sec
ond, eleven and two-thirds (11 2-3>
shares of the capital stock of th«
Monarch ¦ Vineyard Company; third,
that certain lot. piece or parcel of
land situated In the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California.
and more particulaj-ly described as
follows, to -wit, viz.: Commencing at a
point on the- easterly line of Thirty
fourth avenue and distant thereon 17o
feet, northerly from the northerly line
of V street, running thence northerly
along the said easterly line of Thirty
fourth avenue ">0 feet: thence at risrht
angles easterly 120 feet: thence at right
angles southerly 50 feet, and thence
at right angles westerly 1P> feet to the
point of commencement. Brine a part
of outside land, block No. 1206. dated
May. 4. 1900.
JAMES M. TROrTT.
Judge of the said Superior Court.
tribution so filed by said J. Taylor
Rogers having been withdrawn ajid
dismissed by him in open court, and
the said J. Taylor Rogers having con
sented in open ccwrt that the estata
of said decedent should be distrib
uted to said John SulH van. aforesaid,
it is further ordered, adjudged and
decreed that the said petition for dis
tribution so filed by J. Taylor Rogers
be and the same ia hereby dismissed
and denied, and the final accounts of
the Administrator be and the same
are settled, allowed and approved, and
the residue of the said estate herein
after particularly described and any
other property not now known or dis
covered which may belong to the said
estate or In which the said estate may
have any interest be and th» same 13
hereby distributed as follows: .
The whole thereof to said John Sul
livan, whose deposition is on file
herein, and who Is adjudged to be tho
sole heir of said Joseph Sullivan.
The following Is a particular descrip
tion ot the said residue of the said es
tate referred to in this decree ajid
which description is now ordered aa
aforesaid:
Cas« for the Defendants.
The defendants assert that no title vests
under a selection of forest reserve lieu
land until patent issues or approval of
selection by the Commissioner of the Gen
eral I>and Office. The complainant contro
verts the position of the defendants as to
the character of the land in question at
the time of location and maintains thai
all public lands returned as» agricultural
are vacant and open to settlement when
ever they are unappropriated on the books
of the local land office and contain no
palines or mines or producing oil wells.
Claimed as Oil Lands.
Thousands of acres of land held by set
tlers as agricultural land in Central and
Southern California have been relocated
and are now being held by mineral claim
locators as oil lands.
Judge Ross, in his decision, begins by
quoting the following section of the aci
of Congress passed June 4, 1897:
Xo public forest reservation shall be e«tab
li.«lied except to improve an<J protect the forest
within the reservation or for the purpose of se
ourinsr fa\ arable conditions of water flow and i
to tarnish a continuous supply of timber for the i
use aii'l necesnities of the citizens of tbe United
States, but it is not the purpose of intent of
the** provisions or of the act providing- for such
reservations to authorize the inclusion therein
of I;. ntls more valuable for the mineral therein
poees; that in cases in which a tract, covere-3
by an unix-rfeoted bona fiJe claim or by a
patent, la included within the limits of a pub
lic fores-t reservation, the settler or owner may,
if »ie des'r»» to do so. relinquish the tract to
the Oowrnmcnt and may select In lieu thereof
a tract of vacant land open to settlement not
exceeding ia area the tract covered hy his
<laim i.r patent, provide.] the requirement? of
the laws of residence, etc., are complied with
on the new claim.
Explains the Suit.
JudRo Ross then says that the present
is a suit in equity to quiet the complain
ant's alleged title to lots 1 and 5 of frac
tional northwest quarter section 4. town
ship 4 north, range IS west, in Ventura
County, which the complainant's prede
cessor In interest. J. R. Johnston, selected
under the provisions of the act of June
4. l k '<7. and exchanged for patented lands
within the forest reservation surrenderee*
by Johnston to the Government.
ReeiU.iR the leg-ai operation? of the case
Judsp Eton states that the bill includes
a prayer for an injunction against de
fendants to prevent boring: for oil and
to prevent their entering upon the land.
Th<- answer to this prayer avers that the
land is not agricultural, of little value *or
graztnfr purposes and has no appreciable
value for any purpose except for petro
leum, that may be obtained by borfnp or
drilling, and that it is in a well recog
nized petroleum producing belt and thf.t
adjacent properties in the belt are actu
ally producing petroleum in large and
profitable quantities and that the Bomta
Oil Company filed on these lands through
eight persons as placer petroleum lands
and worked them and their boundaries rs
the law requires. The answer also alleges
that Johnston did not select the lands !n
controversy for their agricultural or graz
ing value, except to ontain the undis
covered petroleum and that the selection
by Johnston under the act of Congress
referred to /or the : purpose stated was
fraudulent and in Violation of the spirit
and purpose of the act under which ne
pretended to proceed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 9.— Judge Ross,
in the United States Circuit Court
to-day, handed down a decision in
the case of the Olive Land anc;
Development Company against W.
II. Olmstead apd others. The suit was
brought to quiet title to alleged oil-bear
ing lands in Ventura County. Plaintifis
had secured an order requiring defend
ants to show cause why they should not
be permanently enjoined from boring ior
oil en paid lands.
The decree is entered in favor of the
complainant.
The case is important in that it upholds
the rights of those who hold lands
through locations obtained by the use of
scrip which lands are known as- lieu
lands.
Tho court affirms that the settling upon
lauds as agricultural claims is sufficient
to hold it even though others should come
along and oust the settler by putting up
monuments and laying claim to the land
as a mineral claim.
Judge Ross Decides That Scrip Land Claims
Take Precedence Over Mineral Claims and
the First Settlers Cannot Be Ousted.
DECISION OF IMPORTANCE
TO HOLDERS OF OIL LANDS
Three thousand Japanese were ' fishing
on the river to-day, but not a single white
fisherman was in sight. There are 700
men on the roll of the white fishermen'3
union at the fishing village of Steveston.
fifteen miles from A'ancouver. - Late- this
afternoon the white men on the Kraser
forced the Japanese to hang up their nets.
The whites and Indians, acting In con
cert, threatened to smash the boats and
burn down the Japanese outfits if the
Japanese made any attempt to go out this
evening. Notwithstanding their superior
numbers, the Japanese were intimidated.
The whites are fully determined that
not a fish shall be taken unless the Jap
anese stand by them in their demand
upon the canners for a 25-cent rate.
Bloodshed was only averted this evening
by the action of .the Japanese In not
clashing with tho order of the white fish
ermen. It remains with the Japanese to
decide as to whether or not there will be
an armed encounter, both sides being
fully armed.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 9.— The diffl
culties between Japanese and white fish
ermen for the salmon canneries of the
Fraser River are approaching a climax.
The whites, acting under orders from the
union, have refused to go out because the
canneries will not pay 25 cents per fish,
while the Japanese accept the canners'
offer of 20 cents per fish. The result. has
been thaf since the opening of the "sal
mon eeason last week the Japanese have
been In complete control of the fishing.
Little Brown. Men Accept a Cut-Bate
¦ From the Canneries and Are
. Threatened With - --
Attack.
Troubles Between the Japan
ese and Whites May End
in Bloodshed. •
FISHERMEN ARE
AT WAR ON T HE
FRASER RIVER
CA2CTOK. Ohin. Jciy ?._A delegation of
full-blooded Ir.i1!?r.s waited on the Presi
dent thi? evening ar.d were received with
very o.r<1i:il bandshakea. They are con
nected with the Pawnee mil YVJld West
fhow. and were accompanied by the man
whose name the sbow bears.
Th^ro wa« tbe uj-ra! number of callers
to pay their respect* to the President.
The survivors <>f the Pr*>FMent*s old regi
ment in the Civil War. the Twentv-third
Ohio, will be entertained by the local
posts cf rhe Grand Army to-morrow
Senator Fairbanks of Indiana will be one
of the visitors.
HcKIXLEY'S STEANGE GUESTS.
Totrnc Waiting to Learn the Senti
ment of the Populists Before
Withdrawing From the
Race.
U3CCOLX. X"b.. July 9.— Plans for the
Democratic national campaign of VM)
wore outlined und practically agreed uyuu
lo-d*y Bt a protracted conference between
the leadeis of tbe i>arty. They Include
the appointment of the campaign cura
minec. r.s agreed upon between rcpre
tentati\ < b o* the Democratic. Silver Re
publlcan and Populist parties at Kansas
City. This committee will include mem
bers of ail three parties, and, perhaps,
t-oir.e Democrat* r.vl members of the na
tionai committee, but who are prominent
in the councils of fhe party. This com
i^itite, it is said, wiil have charge In a
measure of the practical working of the
campaign . aiid will work for fusion on
date a.id Congressional tickets wnereier
jio?sib^-. 'i'lie press and executive com
mittt-es, vdth oi.e or two exceptions, will
t>e Use san;e as ias-t year.
The j><-i>oiine* ot all tne committees was
lelt in ilie or Chairman Jones. Tne
question oi national neaaquarteri also
Wai kit In Jirs hands, it was said Chi
cago probably wouiu lie selected.
Mr. Jiryan to-aay ti.at no Had made
no p!ans as to the part he would take in
the campaign and would not au so until
he nan conxerred further with the party
leaders. The f-uoject was discussed at the
BteetUC at? WeU as ttie amount of cum
pengn work to be done by Air. Stevenson.
AllflOUgn this feature will not be fully
decided upon until after formal notifica
tion of their nomination has been graven
ZMr. l-tr\ an ai;«J Mr. Stevenson, which
probobly will not be for several weeks,
Committee-man Johnson of Kansas said
after ttie meeting that an understanding
exists that Mr. Jlr.van will not tour the
country, as he did durinp the campaign of
IS&S. but rrill make trips from time to
time to the larger centers of population,
remaining In Lincoln a great aeai of the
time. Many visitors are expected here
durteg i.!»e •.amjiuign and Lincoln will In a
«r*v be a central point.
Mr. Toyvne may not announce his de
cision In regard to the Vice Presidential
nomination for several days, although
Populist Readers in the city said to-day
that he rr.icht announce his "withdrawal to
The Populist executive committee to-mor
row. Democratic leaders, however, saj
that tbe whole question has been post
poned ur.iil after the middle-of-the-road
t?tato Populist Convention at <irand Isl
and. Nob., on July 20. The attitude that
will be taken by that w'r.g of the Popu
lists and the- strength developed by it. it
i^ s.ihi. will l>e o!o>=e!y observed as" a cri
terion in otber Pooollst States. Should
no sertooj d» flection from the regular
PcpuliFts. on account of Air. Tnwne"s de
feat in the I)emooratic Convention, be no
ticed, a conference with the Populist
leader? will then be held, at which time
it i.« expected. Mr. Towr.e's withdrawal
will be announced.
Senator Jones and OnmmUtcemen Stone,
rampau and Johnson, left for Ohfcagw to
nipht. where they expect to meet Con
prePFmnn Blchardson of Tennessee, per
manent chairman of the Democratic N's
tlonal rnnventinn. and discuss tb<» make
up of tbe various committees prior to
their announcement. T. L. Norris of New
Hampshire, it is stated. Brill take the
place cf A!<~rnnder Troup on the press
nnd Norman K. Mark th« place of Frank
tampltcll tin the execiiUVe committee
Sper.ker^ r ; f r.ati-:r.3l reputation will take
rart in the meetings to be held here to
nrnTr.w. Two meetintrs will l>e held, one
at _ p. m. in Ibe Au-Iltoriiim. and one at
£ p. m. on th» fapttnl BTOtmds. W. J.
P-ryar. will speak briefly, probnblv at the
evening moetinsr. Kxcurslnn trains will
be Tf.n tram a!I r,\-rr tbe .State.
Three Parties Will Be Rep
resented on Executive
Committee.
FUSION CHIEFS
OUTLINE PLANS
FOR CAMPAIGN
¦ ¦ >¦ . . . • • -
THE SAN FKA'NCISGO CALL,, TUESDAY, JUJLY 10, 1900.
Jeered clients. That he did so is shown by
the records of the court and by subse
quent events, but the influences that
prompted him to take this action are as
yet unknown to me.
Attorney Chretien Is Silent.
Mr. Chrrtien. after many bu?y hours
©ceupk-d down town in no unusual man
ner, that of preparing a defense for him
self, announced by the brilliancy of his
hall illuminations that he was home, but
lint for the purpose of piving interviews.
"I ' have r.'jihimr to say," said Mr.
Ohretie^n, "in response to a. request for
ft statement repardinur his connection with
the Sullivan estate. "I do not care at this
time to commit myself regarding my con
nection with tbe case. I do not know at
lh:s lime arhere my clirnt is. If you are
Bmdofu for a statement you must see
ray attorney. Ttmmaa D. Kiordan. Any
{statement he niay make will be satisfac
tory to me. I must direct you to him. as
at this time 1 can say nothing."
Mr. Ricrdan accepted tbe duty trans
ferr<:-<l to his shoulder* by Chretien with
considerable trepidation. "Mr. Chretien
was here a short time uro and spoke to
rae to relVr«*r;<~e to his eaJse.r said Mr.
Kiordan. "but bavmg just rptnrned from
Pan J'rsc I was too busy to give much at
tention io the snattc-r. He told me that he
had only received $100 from the estate on
account at attorney** f<ep. which rain was
allowed by Judpr Troutt. He said, how
ever, that his <-iient hail received money
from J. J. Hsiuer f'^r his inU-ref-t in the es
tate ur.'l bad gone to Nome. 1 can make
rio statement on h'hslf of Mr. Chretien,
for 1 havo l:ad no opportunity to look Jnttr
his caso, even had I so desired. I am
very bivy in £v.r\ J<<?e at the presnt'llme
and will n-it represent Chretien. He mu c f.
;>rocur«- t!:e services cf aoatiser lawyer. I
r.rr. not acquaint**] with the points In
volved in '.his controversy and will not
take tbe time la become acquainted iwlth
the eame. Thai i« all 1 have to say re
garding the inattt-r."
Judge Troutt Expresses Views.
**2f J liav<- b«-"!i Imposed upon; if other
than a legal bdr to the i-s-'tate of Joseph
Sullivan has In en foisted on the court, it
Is tbe boun-ion duty of those aware of tbC
fact io inform me thereof and I am grat
ified that The Call htfs called my atten
tion to the matter," paid Judge Troutt
yefitr-rday. "Tho publication of the alle
gation that puch Is the true condition
came to me like a thunderbolt out of a
clear sJtJT. The business .of this court is
larK<* ami it is difficult to carry its many
details in one's mind. I remember, how
ever, ihat in the hcarinffof the Sullivan
estate matter that the alleged he.ir testi
fied in this court. His deposition- was on
file herein and so far as 1 could see this
transactions regarding the matter of the
distribution of the estate were all regular.
The article in The Call, however, Fh'all
receive my consideration. I have callt.l
the attention of the District Attorney to
the matter and have solicited his assist
ance in bringing the guilty parties to Jus
tice if such there are. 1 have also secured
the services of a detective, one of the
best in the city, to aid me in my investi
gation of this affair. His work will ©ply
cease when I am convinced that the pub
lished charjrea are untrue or the guilty
partirs are punished in accordance to law.
District Attorney ByinRton will be in
court to-morrow morning and will wit
ness the proceedings. On the result
thereof he will base his conclusions as to
the policy which should be pursued re
garding this matter. The case is one of
importance and will receive the full at
tention it deserves."
Chretien's Incriminating Document.
The remarkable .character' of this con
spiracy which The Call has exposed, and
which in the interest of justice demands
not only the attention of Judge Troutt
but the Grand Jury, is very clearly indi
cated in the documents which were filed
in the case. Some of these documents tell
a very strange story in themselves. But
as incriminating as they are. they reveal
only u part of this crime which is com
mitted upon the dead in Judge Troutt's
court. Trie attorneys were crafty, but
they overreached themselves and had
placed on record in the office of the
County Clerk doc-uments which now ac
oune them. One of those documents, and
one of the most important in the case, is
the petition filed on August 29. ISM. by
John M. Chretien. In this document
Chretien himself submits the proof. of the
fact that no John Sullivan lived at 34 Soho
fqu.'ire, London, and yet John M. Chre
tien presented the claim of a client who
pretended to come from 34 Soho square,
London. This document is* in full as fol
lows:
In the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of
California. Department No. 10.
In tjie matter of the estate of Joseph
Sullivan, deceased. Affidavit In
support of application for costs of
court and counsel fees.
State of California, city and county of
San Francisco, ss.
John M. Chretien, beinir first duly
Fworn. deposes and says: That by or
d< t of court duly made and tiled herein /
on the 6th day of May. 1S99. he was
appointed attorney to represent heirs
and creditor** of said decedent, who
are minors), and have no general
puardian in the city and county of San
Krflncisco. or who are non-residents of
the State of California, and also all
parties who ale Interested in said es
tate und are unrepresented.
That Immediately after his said ap
pointment he began to institute Inqui
ries as to th« whereabouts of the heirs
of decedent, if any there were- that,
acting upon information received from
the former landlady of decedent, who
was a, bachelor and had no known
heirs In America., he learned that de
cedent had one brother residing either
in Ireland or in England, and that his
whereabouts might be learned from a
2
Free delivery across the bay — goods
securely packed for local or foreign
shipment. Out-of-town orders so-
licited. Our free by mail list now
ready, also Home Circle fo» July anil
August. All will be sent free on ap-
plication.
Favor us with orders this month —
we desire to keep our force busy— you
•will save money and get ths best of
things to eat, to use or to wear. Store
open 7 a. m. to 6 p. m.
THE NEW WOMAN
Is' Making Her Appearance in AH
Parts of the Land.
,-'.',¦ i Y Mrs. Clara Jlakemer. housfXeeper for theFlor*
*~^fe^ S£~^> stfli ence Crittenden Anchorage Mission of Chicago
tr\ i^^^it^''*^*^ j>tttm^=>> writes from 302 Chestnut street. Chicago: i'e-
H^^P^liE^' ~=&£^?^§ i runn j * * hf - tonic I hav- ever known for
ffj*t general debllity-a sure cure for liver complaint
([ (TTJ\ /p?\ jj flnd a never .f a jn n g adjuster in cases of dyspep-
% 5! J^' sla - * have also used u in ca9ts 9 f female irreff-
iJ^^3 mn-Tar^-. ¦ • ularltles and -weak nerves common to the sex,
ff /Sj^P^vp^fstv \j antl have found it most sati.^tactory."
I ,/S^S^^^^i^V d Dr> Rachel A - >Iasa w - '' 7 vr - Jeffe"ori street.
1 .tmjryffi^ Tffl^~TK3mlr^, 1 Springfield. O., ?i>.y«: "Your Peruna is wnrth Its
V^S^^^^3E^^^,^^Wv weight In sold. I feel like a new woman. I can't
/^'- ' praise It enough. I fpent ,1 great <l<\il of money
/ 5^^^&SraK^5^\! on doctors, but nothing ever did me any good
A^ "^***"^^^M^S^^^'r^l until I sent to you ar-.l tried your Peruna."
\3git Nca8sB3fi8sl£ikvI The coming of what is known as tJie "new
/ V^ "^^^S. *jj|s^ylvs!:i>» I ornan " ln our country is not greeted by every
/ cne as ?he v '' f>re a K rfat M^sfneT- Rut there is
> K _ :Z }, yy/ '^^fssj&yjJS * another new woman whom everybotly is Fla*l to
V^i ', Fee. Every day some invalid woman is exctalm-
; : :: S*S ¦¦':' i ing. "I have been made a nf'W woman by r>r.
: ;:!a j&&!!J&'- : "fi-r-'- Ifartros 11 ' 15 home treatment." After j^ears of Mt-
!:jyT >dSsi^^--^£ :: -'-^''-- : ter disappointment and suffering: they have found
¦.i^r*>s_^ -^QShKP^SJ !:':«&••" !• " medical relief at last. The more -new women we
•ii^v;.^5fcf^^Bg^y<^|V;:y;'; ¦:' have of this kind the better it will be for the fu-
'^/tfS^Sj^W^ ' Jn> Jf%\ ture °^ our countrv - It; is onl J" necessary to
SrojgE^^'^r-^^^^S. eend name, address, symptoms, duration of s:ek-
• fS§fgi}ff8 W^^^^^Jp/YVJ^^^ ness and treatment already received to Dr.
l Wh' Hartman. Columbus. O., and directions for on*
fWiM B!i KpapK W/.JM - \ month's treatment will be promptly forwarded.
M^Mvm 'V "^ The me(3icin *" 9 can be ottair.e.l at the nearest
WWm *js!_W drusstore " Address Dr. Hartman, Co/um-
WfflvW * f/ij. MS bus, Ohio, for a free copy of "Health
CJIil M ~ / y^roi and Beauty," a book written especially
»/Hfe&JK3fTl // for women, treating of diseases peculiar
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of canned goods contracted last year before the rise are being forced off
this week bslow canners' prices— some of it 20 per cent below— a stock
of agricultural implements for sixth floor and furniture for fifth floor
ready to come in — these floors must be cleared. "Will you buy a dozen or
a carload and save half or nearly 30 on staple lines? Mines, dealers, hotels V
and families can profit by this offer.
SECOND. FLOOR BARGAINS.
Ladies' KM Lace Shoes, stylish 95
Lad.es" J2 i0 square-toe Shoes 110,150
Children's stylish riunday Shoes. « to 12 73
Girl*' *iae of same shoes. 12 to 2 95
Younjt laai?3* spring heel. Shoes 125
1'arasols ror carriage ridtne. ?1 li> kin<l 73
Initial Handkerchiefs, all llivn. 20c kind.... V>
Vulcan Cloth, black ground. 12Uc kind <
Wool Yarn, black, tl everywhere 75 '
Lonir Pants Suits, boys 17. is. 19 j ;o
Hoys' 2 pi. Suits, closing 1 i0 2 00
Men's Suit*. »rasill sizes, dark 3 jji
Chair Seats. »3-cent kind. cJfjstng • s
Wash Ve«ts. men's umall sizes only ;. »-,
Camp Shoes, men or women. 6 tr> 10. . ;>
Shce Strings, assorted, for family use. 100.'! Z3
C/%S&! STORE
The original reliable and largest mall or-
der house. r Ask for Catalocue3. free.
23-27 Market St., near* ths Fsr^* 1
BARCLAY J. SMITH. Manager.
tr. C
FIRST FLOOR BARGAINS.
Rio Tapioca, 2-blt packages... jo
McKlnley Oelatlne, 13c size '.'."."".'.""" ~K
Manioca. best Imported goods.. "li
Captrs In glass. 2-bit Mze :..."..". ~ZJ3
Imperial Gramim, closing price...". l(>
Hecker"s Farina, 15-cent size 71,
Home-made Jelly, warranted, in glass...!. ..12'i
Home-made Jam, none better ,. 12'»
Chow Chow, family size, superior.'. .' ii:^,
Mincj Meat, fully warranted, package 3
We Fruit, larjte can*, s-v-ral klnd9 7. 8
Fancy :-b!t Xlsht Lamps 10
Cream Pltnhers. glas<s. lOe kind 5
Gilt top China Hugs. 13c kind 5
See our • and 10 cent Haxaar. Hr3t floor.about the Admiral's figures, on the ground
that it would be impolitic to make 'our
needs known to the Chinese, in the first
instance, and also of a desire on the part
of. this Government to avoid being put
in the position of appearing to set up a
standard for the other powers in this mat
ter. It is understood, however, that the
pith of Admiral Kempff's communication
is the necessity of speedy reinforcements
If quick action is desired, and on the latter
point there Is not a dissenting voice
among the Cabinet officers. If reinforce
ments are to be got to China speedily
they cannot come from the United States.
According to the schedule already in, ex
ecution only one steamer, with two bat
talions of one regiment,, has started from
San Francisco, and the next steamer is
not to start before the 15th of the present
month.
This is. about the best time that
can be made with the present facilities,
and at that rate many weeks, and even
months, must elapse before the 6000 addi
tional troops ordered to the Orient on Sat
urday can be landed there.
This state of affairs caused a revival-to
day of the report that General MacArthur
is to be again called upon to relieve the
situation by dispatching from the Philip
pines at least two regiments in addition
to the Ninth Infantry, already sent to
Taku. It was said that the Cabinet con
sidered this subject and decided to give
the necessary orders looking to a replace
ment of the troops withdrawn from Gen
eral MacArthur's command from the force
going out from the United States. None
of the Caoinet officers would admit or
deny this; so it- gained some measure of
credence. Unless Japan is to be left to do
all of the fighting in the immediate fu
ture General MacArthur must respond to
this demand. By drawing upon the Phil
ippine force at least a ' month could be
saved in landing troops in China.
Secretary Long showed this afternoon
how the navy was responding to tho call
for reinforcements by ordering 500 ma
rines to be assembled from the several
navy yards -and hurried to China. It Is
significant that these are the first military
forces to be Bent directly from the United
States to .China without instructions to
stop at Nagasaki for orders. The marines
will make up a force of 750 men, as the de
partment* already has given orders for the
equipment of 250 marines for similar ser
vice. They will be sent out on the first
army transport available for the service.
The Russian and French • Charges and
the Japanese Minister were among Sec
retary Hay's callers to-day. Save the
Chinese Minister they came, as they said,
for information, but It is-surmised that
their object was to assure Secretary Tlav
of the willingness of the Governments of
Russia and France to allow Japan a free
hand in the matter of landing troops in
China ' to quell the Boxer- disturbance.
There Is a suggestion in the air that this
perfect understanding, Initiated by Sec
retary Hay, has ' been brought about
through the quiet acceptance of at least
one most important condition. What this
condition is cannot be learned, though it
Is suspected to relate to territorial acqui
sitions.
Mr. Wollant, the Russian Charge, was
among Secretary Hay's callers to-day.
His mission was concerned with the Chi
nese situation and while no official expla
nation'on the subject could be had, there
is reason to believe that the Minister for
mally conveyed to Secretary Hay the as
surance that his Government was entirely
willing that Japan , should do everything
In her power.to meet the needs of the sit
uation, realizing that she alone of the
powers was in a position to act speedily.
It is impossible to ascertain whether or
not any assurances have been exchanged
respecting the limitation of compensation
for. the task the Japanese Government is
about to assume in the Interests of civili
zation. .An Intimation has been dropped
that the amount of indemnity will not be
any movement elsewhere north of Taku
they must be prepared to meet opposition.
A Chinese official in high favor with
Viceroy Liu Kuan Yi, in the course of an
interview says the southern Viceroys are
only bound to neutrality as long as they
are not interfered with. They have more
war materials than they can use and the
military forces all over the provinces are
increasing. The Yang-tse-Kiang is mined
with torpedoes. The garrison at the
Shanghai arsenal has just been rein
forced by two newly recruited regiments."
Baron Hayashi. being asked by a repre
sentative of the Daily Chronicle, "Do you
understand that Japan has now been al
lowed a free hand to settle the trouble?"
replied: "I 'do not understand so, but I
know that Japan is quite willing to do all
In her power to bring the rising to an end,
along with the other powers. Japan is
ready to put 22,000 men into the field."
If any sort of government existed In
Peking the settlement of the trouble
would not present serious difficulties, but
if anarchy prevails the situation would
be serious indeed.
George Wyndham, Parliamentary Under
Secretary of State for War, said In the
House of Commons yesterday that since
1S95 English firms had sold to the Chinese
Government seventy-one guns of position,
123 field guns and 297 machine guns, with
ammunition for each class. He also said
that a German firm In 1899 sold China
400,000 Mauser rifles.
Disastrous to British Trade.
Rear Admiral Lord Charles Beresford,
speaking at Malta at the Naval and Mil
itary Society on Monday evening, said the
trouble in China would be far-reaching
and disastrous in its consequences to Brit
ish trade there. It would be a military,
not a maritime war. and the powers that
could place on the spot the greatest num
ber of troops would eventually have sujf
stantial advantaces. The powers not
consenting to' the open door, particularly
Russia, he declared, would eventually
gain supremacy. He said it was a. pity
that his proposals respecting the reorgan
ization of the Chinese army had not been,
accepted by the British Government, with
a view to the possibility of a general war.
Lord Beresford advocated an imperial
conference, to which all colonies should be
Invited, to discuss a scheme of defense.
Communication Is Lacking 1 .
The Times this morning says: "Some
Chinese officials are evidently desirous to
have it believed in Europe that the lega
tions In Peking are still under, the protec
tion of one section of the Chinese army.
But that only makes it more remarkable
that th^y should not employ the only con
vincing argument by uilowinp direct com
munication between the Ministers and the
outer world. We don't wish to insist too
strongly upon this aspect, but the circum
stantial rumors lack the confirmation So
easily supplied if they are true."
TROOPS MUST BE DRAWN
FROM THE PHILIPPINES
for Contemplated Work in
China.
Japan to' Receive Extra Compensation
WASHINGTON, July 9. — Developments
In the Chinese situation were cons!dered
by members of the Cabinet at a consulta
tion held to-day. The participants ex
plained their conference by saying it was
the first opportunity offered lately to
gather as many as four of the Cabinet
members for consultation. Results fol
lowed In the shape of renewed activity In
the dispatch of reinforcements to China.
Admiral Kempff's cablegram, giving his
estimate of the amount of force that. he
regards necessary to represent the United
States properly in the movement upon
Peking, was carefully considered. An
agreement was reached to say : nothing
LONDON, July 10. 3:23 a. m.— With
the foreigners in Peking probably
safe and amid civil war, with
Prince Chlng on their side, with
the powers united and their forces
constantly increasing, the outlook in
Chin* is now rather more hopeful than it
has been for a month past. It appears
from the cautious statement given out by
Taotai Sixan in Shanghai that the rea
son that the heavy guns bearing on the
legations at Peking were not used Is that
Prince Chlng. who is served by 10,000
troops, seised aJl the artillery ammuni
tion. Shan likewise intimates that Yung
Lu, commander in chief of the northern
army, is associated with Prince Ching in
opposing Prince Tua.n"s ferocious designs
and dictatorial ambition. Shan, who ap
pears to be the sole Shanghai conduit of
Peking news, cheers the foreign Consuls
by those confidential communications, but
takes excessive precautions to prevent the
Chinese from thlnkir.g him friendly to the
foreigners.
The feeling of unrest in the southern
and central provinces continues. The
members of the official classes In those
provinces strive to remain m-utral, with
a. leaning toward the foreigners, until
they shall fee whether the moderate or j
extreme factions will win In Peking, j
PRINCE CHING, UNCLE OF THE YOUNG EMPEROR, WHO IS
SAID TO RE HEADING THE IMPERIAL. TROOPS PROTECTING THE
PEKING LEGATIONS. CHING IS THE BROTHER OF PRINCE CHUNG.
THE EMPEROR'S FATHER. AND WAS AT THE HEAD OF THE
TSUNG-LI-YAMEN.
Princo Chlng seems to be standing for
the dynasty and the old order against
Prince Tuan's inordinate ambition.
Danger of D;lay.
From a foreign viewpoint, the capture
of Peking Is the key to the situation, as
there is a fear, according to the Daily
', Mall's Shanghai correspondent, that de
i lay now means 100 recruits for the Boxers
| for every soldier of the ailies rn the land.
Two couriers arrived at Tientsin von July
1 from Peking. One brought a letter from
Sir Claude Macdonald. the British Minis
| ter, to the same effect as that previously
j received from Sir Robert Hart. The cou
i riers confirm the reports of the death of
j Baron von Ketteler. They say that
Prince Ching is doing his utmost to pro-
J tect the foreigners, but that the native
j feeling against the whites is strong. Two
I higrh officials opposed to the Boxers are
| reported by the couriers to have been as
! sassinated.
Sir Claude Macdonald's letter is dated
four days earlier than that of Sir Robert
Hart.
Empress Dowager's Latest Stand.
A dispatch to a news agency, dated
Tientsin, July 2, says:
"The Empress Dowager, so far from be
ing dead. Is actively striving to prevent
the factions lighting. Prince Chlng has
Informed her that he would rather lose
his h»ad than be constantly obliged to
warn her of the consequences of the pro
longation of the present anarchy. Prince
Tuan is quite willing that Chlng should
be decapitated, but the Dowager will not
allow this. Prince Tuan has decided that
he will take full responsibility. He pur
poses to retake Tientsin and Taku. Out
side of Peking, except in the Pechlli and
Shantung country, the people are su
premely Indifferent."
The Fighting at Tientsin.
However ail this may be. the allies at
Tientsin are having an exceedingly un
pleasant time. The Ia6t engagement of
which news has come through occurred
on July 6. The Chinese artillery opened
j at dawn. Their fire was more accurate
j and their ammunition better, the shells
! exploding with precision and setting fire
to several buildings. II. M. S. Terrible's
I guns again quieted the Chinese, who,
shifting their artillery, reopened the at.
tack in the afternoon, but a thunder
storm - breaking, the Chinese suddenly
quit. The allies Immediately attacked
and drove the Chinese from their works,
but lost thirty killed or wounded In so
doing.
The non-combatants are leaving Tien
tsin, and the opinion of a minority favors
the military leaving- also. Stories of co
lossal Chinese armies gathering continue
to worry not only the rank and Hie but
the commanders, who admit the uncer
tainty of reconnoissances and the com
plete absence of an effective Intelligence
department. Chinese information Is re
ceived with extreme distrust.
It is obvious that, though there are
many thousands of Chinese, camped be*
hind the guns, nothing can be done at
present except to wait the arrU'al of re
inforcements. The rainy season has set
In, and this makes going into the interior
difficult. The country between Peking
and Tientsin in other years has been fre.
nuently flooded. River transport Is al
most impossible and the railway is prac
tically non-existent' and must be entirely
rebuilt.
Military opinion is unanimous that If (
the legations did not need relief it would I
be foolish to attempt advance before Sep
tember.
i Must Prepare for Opposition.
The Daily Mall's Shanghai correspond
ent, under date of July 9, says:
"It is certain that if the powers make
A PAVILTON OF THE IMPERIAL PALACE, PEKING. WHERE THE
YOUNG EMPEROR IS SAID TO HAVE DIED FROM POISON.
GERMAN SQUADRON
SAILS FOR CHINA
In Addressing the First Naval Division
Emperor William-Sags the Bloody Deeds
in the Celestial Empire Must Be Avenged.
KIEL. July 9.— The German East Asiatic squadron sailed this morning for
China. Emperor William and I'rlnce Henry of Prussia witnessed the de
parture of tho warships. j
Addressing the first naval division prior to its departure for China to
day, Emperor William said:
Yours is the first division of armored ships which I send abroad. Remember
you will have to fight a cunning foe, provided with modern weapons, to avenge the
German blood which has flowed. But spare the women and children. I "shall not
rest until China is subdued and all the bloody deeds are avenged. You will tight
together with the troops of various nationalities. See that you maintain good
comradeship with them." . "
(From the Graphic.)
" DEATH TO THE FOREIGNERS."
NATIVES IN THE STREETS OF PEKING READING THE BOXER PLACARDS INCITING THEM AGAINST
THE FOREIGNERS. THESE ARE THE PLACARDS REFERRED TO BY MINISTER CONGER IN HIS DIS
PATCHES PUBLISHED YESTERDAY, AND AGAINST WHICH HE PROTESTED TO THE TSUNG LI YA
MEN WITHOUT AVAIL.
reduced to exact terms in advance of
action by Japan, but that the latter nation
will proceed upon a general assurance
from the powers concerned that it will be
properly requited for the expenditure of
meu and money Involved.
It is learned at the State Department
that the foundation for the story cabled
from London respecting co-operation
by Japan, Englnad and the United
States; at the instance of Li Hung Chang,
to preserve the Chinese empire, is nothing
more than an outcropping in a. now form
BRUSSELS, July 9.— A Shanghai di3
of the arrangement already made by our
Government with the others named for
the neutralization of southern provinces
of China, in accordance with the urgent
plea of the Viceroys of the provinces In
that section.
PRINCE CHING'S TROOPS
PROTECTING LEGATIONS
LONDON'. July 9.— Admiral Bruce has
sent a telegram to the. Admiralty Depart
ment from Taku, under date of July /,
to the effect that there are grounds for
hoping that Prince Chlng, with h!s army,
is at Peking protecting the legations
against Prince Tuan, his army and tho
Boxers.
patch received here says a Chinese news
paper asserts that Prince Ching'a troopa
have arrived at Peking to revlctual tho
Europeans and defend them against th«*
rebels.
Amid Civil War and With the Powers United
1 1 and Their 1 Forces Constantly Increasing, the
|| Outlook in China Is Considered More Hopeful.
Allies at Tientsin Battle Bravely Against the
Mongol Hordes. ,
CHEFU, July 8.— The Ninth Regiment of United States infantry landed at
Taku Saturday morning from the transport Lo^an.
YOKOHAMA, July 9. — The Government has decided to immediately dispatch
23,000 men and 5000 horses to China. The newspapers in indorsing this ac
tion point out that should the foreigners at Peking perish Japan could not be'
absolved from blame.
PRINCE CHING FIGHTING TO SAVE FOREIGNERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 10, 1900. '
3
Vegetable Compound
cures the ills peculiar to
women* It tones up their
general health, eases
down overwrought
nerves, cares those
awful baclzaaaes and reg-
ulates menstruation*
it docs this because it
acts directly on tlte fe-
male orrjsnism and makes
it healthy, relieving and
curing all Inflammation
and displacements*
Nothing else Is Just as
good and many things that
may bo suggested are
dangerous* This great
medicine has a constant
record cf cure* Thou-
sands of women testify to
Jim Reztl their letters con- ¦
Istantly appearing In this
V**^ % jm F ¦•'Si
I Now is your opportunity B
I to get at a big: saving what= m
I ever you want in clothes, H
I furnishings or hats. B
m Big reductions in every m
i department. BSAN RAFAEL.. July 9.— Five Chinese of
tho San Pablo shrimp fisheries were ar
rested in San Pablo Bay this afternoon by-
Deputy .Fish Commissioner :¦. J. P. Davis
and brought to this city and' placed in
Chinese Fishermen Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, July 9.— Two doves and
four quail will cost Igmatz Rollnger $60 or
sixty days In the County Jail. He was ar
rested yesterday for illegal shooting and
this morning pleaded guilty to the two
charges before Justice;of the Peace Rod
den. He was fined $60. and -being unable
to pay was plared in jail. Rollnger says
that he works in a brewery in San Fran
cisco.
Punished for Illegal Shooting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINNEAPOLIS, July 9.— Trouble Is re
ported again on the Montana Central
branch of the Great Northern, where
thirty trainmen have struck on a demand
for higher wages. Time and pay had both
been- reduced and the men wanted a
chance to earn more. A staff of 200 men
to act as deputy marshals is being or
ganized by the road officials here and men
engaged to Fill vacancies.
tion in Wages.
Trainmen Quit Work After a Reduc-
GREAT NORTHERN STRIKE.
"My client." said Mr. Hummel, "is one
of tho most prominent photographic
artists on the Taclllc slope. He has a
studio in \a>s Angeles, Cal., but spend
about half of his time in this city and has
as many friends here as in the West. He
has. In n chivalric manner, up to the pres
ent refused to make public his version of
his marital complications."
- The charge made by the boy's mother is
that her former husband abducted the
little fellow.
NEW YORK. July 3.— Colonel Theodore
C. Marceau called to-day "at the office of
his counsel, Howe & Hummel. He de
clared that if his divorced wife had ob
tained a warrant for his arrest he was
perfectly willinc to surrender himself or
to permit her to test her legal rights in
any way she may deem proper.
Colonel Marceau returned from Europe
last Wednesday. He is now living in this
city with his little son. Colonel Marceau
declined to discuss the matter when I saw
him, btv referred me to Mr. Hummel,
whom h« authorized to speak in his be
half. . '¦¦ . .
mit Her to Test Her Legal
Eights.^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ready to Submit to Arrest. and Per-
COLONEL MARCEAU
DEFIES HIS WIFE
Must Answer for His Crime.
STOCKTON, July 9.-C. Marsh, a waiter
In the United States Hotel, who took two
phots at Charles Holman, the proprietor,
on the night of the 27th of June, Inflicting
two w«unds, -was held to answer this af
ternoon for attempt to murder, with
bonds fixed at $10,000.
Transportation of Horses and Mules
Across the Pacific a Difficult
Problem.
WASHINGTON. July 9.— A statement
prepared by the Adjutant General shows
that the total strength of the United
States army in the Philippines June 30 last
was 63,426 officers and men. Of that num
ber .31,821 are regulars and 31.605 volun
teerJT. distributed among the different
armies as follows:
Infantry, 54.36S officers and men; cav
alry, 3492: artillery, 2291, and staff corps,
3276. The • total strength given also in
cludes 1310 officers and men of the Ninth
Infantry, Blnce transfered to China.
Recent orders af the War Department
Involve the sendine of about 4000
horses and mules from this country to
the Philippines. Most of these are cav
alry horses, forming an Important part of
the equipment of the squadrons of the
First. Third and Ninth regiments of cav
alry, ordered, to the Philippines. The
transportation of the animals across the
Pacil\c is a difficult problem. The trans
ports available are not nearly sufficient
for the extensive movement in prospect
and it will be necessaj-y to procure at least
six additional animal transports. Even
with the Increased supply of vessels it
will take a lone time to make the transfer
and each vessel probably will be required
to make "two trips to Manila. Quarter
master General Ludlngton is In negotia
tion with shipowners for 1 the charter of
tho necessary steamers.
STRENGTH OF ARMY
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Kure lies In the southwestern part of
the Island of Hondo, on the north shore
of the Inland Sea, about 160 miles from
Shimoneseki Straits at the western en
trance. It is twelve miles southeast of
Hiroshima, where the corps of the Jap
anese a.rmy intended for the expedition
to China is about to embark. After Ta
kusuka, it is Japan's most Important na
val station, and is well equipped with
docks taking In the largest war vessels,
as well as machine shops and other fa
cilities for making any kind of repairs.
Japanese Government Tenders the
Use of ths Kure Dock
for the Vessel.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The Navy E>e
partment was Informed to-day that the
Oregon has arrived at Chcfu. She will
start for Kure, Japan, to dock on July 10
or 12.
The Xavy Department's cablegram was
from Captain Rogers of the Nashville,
who made a flying trip yesterday from his
station at Chefu out to. the scene of the
grounding of the Oregon, thirty-live miles
northwest of the port. His dispatch was
as follows:
"CHEFU, July 9.— Oregon starts for
Kure dock, Japan, about 10th or 12th.
stopping en route if weather is bad. All
well on board Oregon."
The dispatch conveys Indirectly the in
formation that wire communlcatioft with
Chefu is again open. A rough estimate
made at the Navy Department consigns
the Oregon to the dry docks for three
months. The courtesy exhibited by the
Japanese Government In allowing the Or
egon to use the dock, which is owned by
the Government, is much- appreciated by
the Navy Department officials here.
BATTLESHIP OREGON
ARRIVES AT CHEFU
CHICO, July ?.— A jrrain fire started at
S o'clock thi* afternoon on the farm of
T. Patrick, four miles south of Chico. It
Imrned fiftt-en acros of standing barley
on the Patrick place, crossed the fence
to W(-ni< 1 MilUr's place, burning over 100
acres cf stubble. luOO sacks of newly
thrashed barley. CO sacks of wheat and
aLci> about four miles of fencing. A larpe
barn full of hay on Miller's place was
also destroyed.
All thf- available men in the surround
ing county wen called out and by hard
work siivt-d the other buildings ozi the
iiilkr i>\:\f<*. it was an extremely hot
c.iy and many prostrations from heat oc
curred during tho fire.
Jo Ad:im5, a. fireman on the traction
enKine whlfh was us*.1 in lighting the fire,
was severely scalded by steam. The total
loss is estimated at nearly $3000, with lit
t'o Insurance. The fire was started by a
spark from a traction engine.
Ranchers Suffer Heavy Loss to Grain
and Hay.
In Hot a Single Instance Were the
Charges of the Prosecution Sus
tained in Court.
Epertal DUnin b to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July X— The last two indict
tnentj Browing «iut of thp alleged kidnap
jns? at Kim Qucy at Palo Alto were dis
:Ti!f-.-'<l to-cay by Judge Rhodes of the Su
perior Court on motion of District Attor
ney Campbell. This ends the charges
ng:Un?t Deputy Constable Tom Harris of
this* city and Justice of the Peace Dyer
of Palo Alto.
Besides tho two against whom indlct
inentF were dismissed to-day. Wong Fong
iir,d W'odk Hisuc I 'ing were also indicted
by t!io Grand Jury, and Attorney li. A.
Merrinjrton was charged with the same of
f< r.: : <> at Mayfiold. The latter subsequent
ly cleared himsf-lf of all complicity at a
vr»'liminary examination. Two weeks r.go
weng Fong was acquitted of the charge
by a jury in the Superior Court.
\Ynr.g IMr.g. who married Kim Quey
nftor obtaining popseF.sion of her. has not
yot hoen arrfM<?d. but as soon as he comes
forward and gives himself up that charge
will be dismtesrd.
BIG GHAI1I FIELD FIRE,
LAST OF INDICTMENTS IN
KIM QUEY CASE DISMISSED
John W. Gates, the millionaire steel
magnate, whose brother the dead man
was, is not attending the trial, though he
has been active in hunting out evidence
against the aged prisoner.
Young Gates' mysteriously disappeared
while traveling from Southern Kansas to
his home in Illinois. A few weeks after
ward Jester was arrested for his murder,
the young man's wagon and other effects
having been found in Jester's possession.
Jester broke jail, however, and nothing
more was heard of him until about a year
ago, when a sister, with whom he had
quarreled, gave him up to the authorities.
Ho was then living in Oklahoma City
under the name of YV". A. Hill.
NEW LONDON, Mo., July 9.-The trial
of Alexander Jester, charged with the
murder qt Gilbert "W. Gates more than
twenty-nine years ago, began here to
day. The jury had not been secured when
court adjourned this afternoon.
Had Escaped From Jail and for More
Than a Quarter of a Century-
Eluded Officers on His
Track.
Alleged Slayer of John W.
Gates' Brother on
Trial.
MURDER TO BE
AVENGED AFTER
THIRTY YEARS
"Wounded — Two officers, including Cap
tain Nelles of the Canadian Mounted
lufles, slightly, and twenty-six men.
"Steyn left Bethlehem on the night of
July 4 for Fourscburg, between Bethlehem
and Ficksburg. accompanied by Christian
Uewet and other Free State commanders, •
with troops reported numbering 3WJ men.
"Hanbury-Trscy, commanding at Rus
tenburg. reports that a party of- Boers
under Ummer tailed on him yesterday to
surrender the town and garrison, llan
bury-Tracy replied that he held Rusten
burg for her Majesty's Government, and
intended to continue to occupy i*. The
finmy then opened fire with artillery and
tried to take the heights commanding the
town, but did not succeed, owing to the
pood arrangements made by Hanbury-
Tracy and his officers. Kventually they
were driven off with the assistance of
Holdsworth and his hussars, who made a
rapid march of forty miles fro"m the neigh
borhood of Zeerust. with the bushmen un
der Colonel Airc. on hearing Kustenburg
was likely to be threatened. The enemy
suffered heavily and five men were cap
tured. Our casualties were two men killed
and one officer and three men wounded."
Lord Roberts telegraphs to the W ar Of-
Qce from Pretoria as follows:
"The officer commanding at Heilbron re
ports that State Secretary Blignaut
State Attorney Dickson and Members of
the Council Van Tader and Kuppervergen
came in yesterday and surrendered.
"Hutton was attacked yesterday in a
position he was holding by a large num
ber of Boers. He cut them oft without
much difficulty. Our only casualty was
Lieutenant Young of the First Canadian
Troop, slight scalp wound. The enemy
left several wounded on the ground and
s<-nt a flas cf truce with a request that
they might be received in our hospital.
"I regret to say that Captain Currie and
Lieutenant Kirk of the Imperial Light
Horse, who were reported wounded in my
telegram of yesterday, were both killed.
One squadron of this distinguished corps
pressed a very large force of the enemy
in a gallant attempt to carry off a wound
ed comrade to which they attributed the
heavy loss sustained. In addition to the
officers a farrier sergeant and three troop
ers were killed and the sergeant major,
three sergeants and seven troopers
wounded."
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Standard Bays:
"The postoflice authorities have Issued a
notice that civil mails have been suspend
ed for Johannesburg. This, with the fact
that telegrams for Pretoria are refused,
causes uneasiness."
CAPE TOWN. July 9.— At a meeting of
Afnnkander women here to-day, called to
protest atralnst the annexation of the re
publics-to the British empire and the
gur.ishment of the rebels. Mrs. Olive
chreinor Cronwright denounced the
British policy. She said she was ashamed
of her English descent and added:
"If the republics are annexed, if the
Afrikanders are oppressed, peace is im
possible. Every trench of Boer dead Is a
grave of England's honor. Every bullet
making a wound also finds a bullet in the
heart of the empire." ,
It is reported here that President Krug
pr's retention of large amounts of gold at
M.'iehadodorp has created the utmost dis
content among the mercenaries, officers
and men. They expected substantial re
wards for championing the Boer interests,
but have received nothing. It Is added
that visiting foreigners, who have subse
<ju-?ntly advocated- intervention, are be
lieved to have received substantial sums.
Proofs, It Is further asserted, have been
discovered In Pretoria, •which promise
startling developments.
"I understand that Mr. Hollis, the Amer
ican Consul here, has been recalled. He
is a well-known pro-Boer."
The following dispatch from Lord Rob
erts has been received at the War Office:
"PRETORIA. July K— As the enemy has
been for some days threatening cur line «£
railway by trying to get around our right
flank, I dispatched Sutton, 'July 5, with
mounted infantry to reinforce Mahon and
with orders to drive the Boers to the east
of Broenkerspruit. These orders were ef
fectually carried out during .Friday and
Saturday by Mahon, who was attacked by
some SOW men with six guns and two Max
ims. Our casualties were as follows:
LONDON, July 10.— As Lord Roberts 1
dispatches reveal, the Boers are unusually
active, both in the Orange Colony and the
so-ealltd pacified Western Transvaal, but
without producing any serious impression
upon the British arms.
The Bond' leaders at the Cape are ex
tending their boycott of British firms, and
Dutch companies with £200,000 capital have
been formed.
Passengers arriving at Lourenzo Mar
ques on July 9 from Middleburg say there
has been severe fighting between the lat
ter place and JIachadodorp, in which the
Boers were defeated and demoralized.
The Lourenzo Marques correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph says, under date of
July 9:
President Steyn Marching Toward
Fourscburg Accompanied by De
wet and Troops Numbering
Three Thousand Men.
Federals Driven Back From
the East of Broenker
spruit by Mahon.
?
BOERS CONTINUE
TO BATTLE WITH
ROBERTS' ARMY
The company, through President Whit
aker. addressed a letter to the men, deny
ing that the company had Intentionally
violated the agreement of July 2, and de
claring its intention to live up to every
After a session lasting several hours, the
executive, committee determined to call a
mass meeting of the street railway men
for this morning and to recommend to
that meeting that the strike be declared
on again. The Central Trades and Labor
I'nion met later and indorsed the action
of the executive committee.
When the strike was settled, on July 2,
there were some mutterings of discon
tent among the men over the terms of
settlement and since that time the dissat
isfaction lias grown daily. Charges wore
made that the company had failed to
keep the agreement of July 2 and a dozen
or more instances were cited tending to
prove that there had been a breach of
faith. Meetings were held at several
places in the course of the week and com
mittees were appointed to procure proof
of infidelity on the part of the company.
At a meeting of the executive committee
<f the Street Railway Men's Union yes
terday a batch of athdavits was present
ed to the effect that outside men had
been employed by the company since July
2 In violation of the terms of the agree
ment of that date.
ST. LOUIS. July 9.— The strike against
the St. LouIe Trar.sit Company by Its
former employes! which was declared off
on July 2. was ordered renewed to-day at
a meeting of the Street Railway Men's
I'r.iun at the West Knd Coliseum. To
morrow morning at 5 o'clock was the time
Jixed for the renewal of the boycott on
all the company's lines.
The whole trouble seems to hang upon
a question of facts, the men insisting that
the company had violated its agreement,
while the company, on the other hand,
emphatically denies that such is the case.
The men claimed yesterday that a
verbal agreement was entered into con
currently with the written agreement and
under the verbal agreement the company
was to re-employ all the old men within
sixty days, seniority in the service de
termining the priority of re-employment.
It was claimed that the Rev. Dr. \V. J.
Boyd had assured the men that such an
agreement existed, in a speech at the
\\ cst End Coliseum. The officers of the
company declare that there was no such
verbal understanding and that the only
agreement made by them was the written
agreement which was pubilshed at the
time.
A member of the executive committee
to-day said that this was the second time
the company had broken faith with its
employes and no agreement would be ac
cepted in the future that did not provide
for the reinstatement of all old employes
within twenty-four hours after the ex
ecution of the agreement.
"There will be no lawlessness or demon
strations of violence this time," he con
tinued. "By means of vigorous enforce
ment of the boycott we hope to absolutely
destroy the earning capacity of the com
pany."
condition of the agreement, both In letter
and spirit.
Fred \Y. Lehman, attorney for the com
pany, appeared at the meeting and of
fered to submit the question as to whether
the company had broken faith to Joseph
W. Folk, counsel for the men, and bound
the company to abide by Mr. Folk's
judgment in the premises. The proposi
tion was ignored, and by a unanimous
vole the strike was renewed.
Taken to Georgetown on a Change of
Venue and Witnesses Will Be
Summoned Froin the
Capital.
GEORGETOWN. Ky.. July 9.— The
casts <.f the commonwealth aguinssi Vout
fc<y, Powers, D&vis, VVhiiakrr and Coombs,
c:-.;:!g<.-d with complicity In the murder of
\\'ili:ini Ooc-bf! at Frankfort January 4,
were eallcu by Judge Cantrill on a change
cf venue to-day. Uy an order of court
all i>i rs'ins who entered the courtroom
were searched. In audition to the Impos
i:ijj array of counsel on each su:e and B
liiige number ot wunessea irom all parts
of me siate, a. big crowd of spectators
uirc.iigeu Uie roon..
The worK of pelectlos a jury was first
entered upon and tne panel or those Bum
jiioned to craw irom was read. The at
lernej s 1< r tlie uelense were tworn in ii»
follows: Kx-iiovernor J. Jf. Brown, tx-
Congreesmaa v.\ c. Owens, judge J. C.
fcims. it. C EUnkead, Ed Parker. H. \V.
NYlsun. I.. J. Crawiora, H. K. Roberts,
George Denny, \V. G. Dunlap, F. Clay
UUiin, 1>. G. t^alconer. Ju<:{.-<.- J. H. 'Hus
ky. G. N. Phllipps and Joim M. Steven
son. For the prosecution, li. 15. Frarifclin.
T. C Campbell, Victor 1\ Urudley and
It. G. \\ M)»m«
The case against Caleb Powers was the
Jlrst called, 'i'he prosecution asked for
and was granted an order on the jailer
of FranKlin County to bring as witnesses
BUFpectS Coulton and Youtsey, who are in
jail ;>: 2 YuiiKl\>rt. The defendant, turiner
{secretary of State Caleb Powers, was
brought initj court and took a seat with
the attorneys for the defense. Though
he has been in jail since March 10, rie
Bhova t>ut few marks of confinement and
looks i:i good spirits.
The commonwealth asked for a sub
poena duces tecum for Professor James
Stephens to rroauce a lettor from Caleb
Powers, written In February, in which.
It la alleged. Powers claimed for hirr.sclf
the credit of the disorganized condition
of the Democracy.
Ninety-seven witnesses for the prosecu
tion wore called, and the prosecution an
nounced itself ready for trial. The court
then announced that the defense would
Ik- given until 2:3'J o'clock to make uj> its
li?t of witnesses.
When court reconvened at 2:30 o'clock
ex-Governor Drown for the defense said
that the attorneys for that side had held
a consultation, but had been unable to
«'.ocl'je wether they would so to trial, as
they did n<'t know what number of their
witnessed were present, but he assured
the court that he and his clients were
anxious for a trial at oncp if it were
possible, and at the same time prudent.
Up ask'-.l till to-morrow at 9 o'clock for
the attorneys to decide whether to pro to
trial <"-.r to a?k a continuance and time
was pranto'V
Trials of Alleged Goebel
Murderers Called in
Kentucky.
»
CASE AGAINST
SUSPECT CALEB
POWERS OPENS
Hawaiian Plantation Owners Resolve
to Ceass Temporizing With
the Orientals.
HONOLULU, June 30.— High Sherifi
Brown left on the 26th for Spreckelsvillo
to take part in the trials of the Japanese
who assaulted policemen. The Japanese
assaulted a census taker and then at
tacked officers who went to the rescue.
The case la regarded as an important
one, as giving the Japanese an oppor
tunity to learn that they must show more
respect for the authority of the officers.
By the same steamer a number of
white policemen were sent to Maui on
account of representations by plantation
managers and prominent Maul people
that there might be serious trouble at
any time. The strikes at and around La
naina, followed by the assault of the la
borers upon the United States census enu
merator and the police at Spreckel.sville,
seemed to portend a grave situation.
The Sheriff and the officers returned
yesterday after attending the trial of the
accused Japanese. The men were con
victed and lined $26 and co3ts each.
The plantation managers have about de
cided to temporize no further with the
Japanese. They have increased wages be
yond the contract price, paying as high
as $17 a month, when the contract price
is only $15 a month. They have met every
demand of the laborers. And still the
Japanese will not go to work, or If they
do they quit on the slightest provocation,
though they still continue to occupy
houses provided by the plantations.
The determination has been reached by
some of the managers that the Japanese
must either go to work or leave the plan
tations.
Subjects or citizens of foreign powers
cannot hold office under the government
of the Territory of Hawaii. This Is given
out to-day as the ruling of Governor Dole
and the heads of departments. The rul
ing is based on an ODinion of Attorney
General Dole, which the executive consid
ered to be a correct reasoning.
Under the ruling, a number of popular
officials will be thrown out. Among them
is Andrew Brown, Superintendent of
Water Works; Jonathan Shaw, Tax As
sessor; C. B. Reynolds, Superintendent of
the Leper Settlement; Allan Herbert, a
Commissioner of Agriculture; Dr. George
Herbert, Superintendent of the Insane
Asylum, and probably a dozen others in
Honolulu alone.
Sugar Company Reorganizes.
HONOLULU. June 30.— What is prac
tically a reorganization of the Honolulu
Sugar Plantation has been effected by the
organization of the Honolulu Plantation
Company and the transfer of all the prop
erty of the former to !ts new corporation.
Roth corporations were organized under
the laws of California. The old corpor
ation was capitalized for $900,000. The new
corporation is capitalized for $5,000,000. The
stock of the new corporation is divided in
to 100.000 shares of the par value of J5o.
Of these shares, 81,000 representing a par
value of $4,050,000 have been exchanged
with tho stockholders of the old corpor
ation for their holdings. The remaining
shares, 19,000, are treasury stocks to be
-olrt for further development of the plan
tation. About 11,000 shares are said to
have been sold already. They are being
placed on the market at $35.
Hawaii's New Treasurer.
HONOLULU, June 30.— Theodore F.
Lansing has been appointed Treasurer of
the Territory by Governor Dole. Lansing
has held several Government positions In
this country and Is considered a man of
ability.
JAPANESE LABORERS
GIVE MUCH TROUBLE
Aside from stamp duties the principal
internal revenue collections here will be
for licenses and special taxes on banks,
etc. The duties on cigars and tobacco are
mostly paid on the mainland before the
goods are sent here.
Treasury Agent Thomas Is of the opin
ion that it will be a long time before the
stamp taxes are takeen off.
"I don't think they will be abolished
within the next ten vears." said the In
ternal revenue man. "The stamp duty
has been found to be such an easy way
of collecting revenue that it is well
thought of in Washington. If there is too
much revenue I think the changes that
will be made will be in customs duties."
HONOLULU. June 30.— The national
Government will not jiet a very large sum
annually by the collection of internal
revenues in Hawaii. It is estimated that
the annual sum will be about J200.000,
mostly in special war taxes collected by
means of stanjps. Special Agent Thomas,
who Is at work on the organization or the
new bureau, has looked over the Held and
estimates that aside from the special
taxes and stamps there is only about
$50,000 a year to be collected on the
islands.
Nearly All of This Sum Is Derived
From Special War Taxes Col
,/ lected by Means of
Stamps.
Internal Revenue Receipts
Estimated at Only $200,
* 000 a Year.
HAWAII YIELDS
LIGHT RETURNS
TO UNCLE SAM
Allege That the Transit Company Has Re
peatedly Broken Pledges Made in -the
Recent Settlement With the Men.
Employes of the Street Railway
Will Leave Their Posts
This Morning.
ST. LOUIS STRIKE
TO BE RENEWED
THE SA^ FKANC1SCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 10, 1900.
NEW YORK, July 3.— The inventory of
the personal estate of the late Vice Pres
ident, Garret A. Hobart, was tiled with
the Surrogate at Paterson, N. J.. to
day. It appraises the late Vice Presi
dent's wealth at J2.62S.441. Mr. Hobart
held bonds in twenty-six corporations and
stock in over 100.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The departure
of the first pack-train for Chinese service
was reported to the War Department to
day In a .telegram from Vancouver Bar
racks. Washington. It says the trans
port Lennon passed out of the Columbia
River to sea at 7 o'clock this morning,
carrying 338 horses belonging to the Slxtn
Cavalry, twenty-eight riding horses for
packers and 100 pack mules.
. -__
Hobart's Rich' Estate.
PACK TRAIN FOR CHINA.
- •
jail. The men are charged with catching
lish of a size smaller than permitted by
law.
4
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TTrpzp»T»|J Which will you have, the
M J_* I— a lie comforts of good teeth, or
the wretched misery, suft^rlni and terrible
pangs of toothache and broken -clown constitu-
tion, caused by polluted breath from decayed
teeth. And yet many Btruggle on through Ufa
and nllow their teeth to get In this most de-
tBorable condition without seeking the proper
source to have their teetb restored to their
natural wndltlon.
We are making a specialty of gold crown and
bridge work: the most beautiful, painless and
durable of all dental work known to the pro-
fession. Our name alone will be a guarantee
that your work will be of the best. We have a
specialist In each department.
Full set of teeth $5. a perfect fit gruaran'eed
or no pay. Gold crowns. $5. Gold fillings. $1.
Silver flllincs. BOe.
fflj PLATES ife^^n
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
I3RANXH ......SEATTLE. WASH.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
! Diseases and Weakness of Men. '
¦
! Largest Medical Institute and Most Extsotlvs
. Practice. Consultation Fraa. '
I 731 MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO \ \
•i '¦¦. Home Cores. Eealed Privits Book, Free. ¦ i >
The Weekly Call
Enlarged to 16 Pages
SI per Year.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
WHERE
CAN YOU GO WITH ONLY SVi HOURS
OF STAGING.
AND ONLY SS.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
HICHUND SPRIHGS
DANCING six nights of the week. ?9*' F '
Tennis. Bowling. Cement Swimming TanKs.
ACRES nf Shady Groves and MILEb
Shady Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In the County. " un ;|""
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and apor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
"COMPETENT MAESAGTSTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs "f Wo ? 1 d °J, f ''.!
Curative Properties. Large Cocl Rooms. llgh«'
by Electricity. ,
Cnll on LEE D. CRAIG, r.6 Montgomery ¦*-
or address CRAIG & WARNER. Highland
Springs. CaK
I you get I
REST SPORT j
I COMFORT I
| At Hotel del Coronado j
pi THE COOLEST PLACE IN CALI- r
M FORNIA IN SUMMER. |
~ Last year the mercury reached S
fl fl degrees but once, and only for
3 half an hour. i
S Get Steamer Rates and Infor- [
"i mation at No. 4 New Montgomery
I et.. Ban Francisco. K
a E. S. BABCOCK. Manager.
3 Coronado Beach. Cal. ;
Central California
Fan Jo«e is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached ove.- perfect
roads Hotel lhorou«hty modern r—\<\ first class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" offlee. 10 Montjcomery it.. San
Francisco, or addr<»«s »«¦¦'¦"
GEO. P. SNELL. Mur.. San Jose. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Seasrn of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rar.Kements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
Ml Market «t.. San Francisco.
Or WANNING CO..
122 South Sprinc Bt.. Los Angeles. Cal.
R«./r»s>n The Sanitarium o
tSyrOn the Coast. Th;b-*
U \ physicians recom-
nOt, mend 't as the onlv
_ . curs for rheumatism
OJJI ¦••Mv5 7 Address A. BETTENS.
Mcr. Byron Hnt Spring. Cal.
rjtv r>'W<*>. P^rirr ¦ ?n. Bfi f!w»— at— »t.
The Place fop Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada, near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
ouiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia- ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco: IS a
week: open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRING3. Chicago Park. Cal.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's Mineral Springs
At GLEN ELLEN Is the best camping, picnic
and pleasure resort on the Coast. The greatest
¦ remedy for lunit disease, liver and itomacn
world; 46 miles from S. F. Tne S. P. R. R.
and S. F. and N. P. R. R. rive special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
rark. Mtneml water, boat* an* bathir.s fr»e.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONXELL. office 10UH
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to jro.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
By Tiburon Ferry. 7:30 «¦ m. : V 10 round
trip Rnt««. tlO to $14 a week.
J MARTENS, Prop.. Bacheler P. O., Lake
Co. Send for booklet-tells all about every-
thing. City office, 416 Pine st.
p/vni QRAn MINERAL
UAnLoDAU springs.
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodation* Br»t
class: $10 a week: lighted by gas.
W. R. McGOVERN. Kels-yville. Lake Co.
ST- HELENA SANITARIUM-' .SSSSi^g
Kapa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantage* of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. HH»na. Cat.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE
In the heart of the 'Sierras. Perfect cllrnat-.
fine fishing, excellent table. znagrniQcent for-
est, no poison oak. no pests. An ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June L Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS. Independence Lake. CaL
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL 5£ w SopS£
Unequaled xoda and magnesia waters. Good
fcr all stomach, kidney and liver troubles.
Housekeeping cottages furnished. For terms
and particulars addres* O. HOWELL, Hopland,
Mendoclno County. Cal.
VVALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates 17 up. Send for circular. C. H. W.
urtUNlNG. Santa Rosa. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, &~
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, flshlnir.
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHE1MER. Manager.
VAQFIMITF "^ •""»* from San
¦ V/OLllll 1 *-» Francisco, via the B; s
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. R. daily. Round trip from
Ban Francisco $32. For further Information call
or address WM. J. WHITE. General Asent.
630 Market st., S." F. : telephone Main 51S2.
fHCOT SPRINGS
Plunge ar.d swimming baths for
pleasure. Hoi mud. sulphur and
hot sand baths drive away Ills of bone,
blood and muscle. Rates' for hotel,
baths end physicians. J10 td J21 a week.
Special round-trip rebate tickets.
Illustrated booklet and further Infor-
mation of FRANK W. ELY. City
Agent, tel. Red 2336. 6W Market st..S.F.
flTTO E.NgVER.PROP.PMOROBm?*'-
Whtre Shasta's summit, clad in innw.
Smiles down on Nature' s broad expanse.
Far from the chilling summer fogs and fre»
fn-m wlruls. and dust and heat. PISTON TAV-
FRN 3.'U) feet above the sea level, on the ever-
K 'ree-i slopes of Shasta. Is the lil-al spot for a
summer vacation. Near It the treat forests of
Tine and cedar and hemlock, around it a w!,1«
expanse of meadows, above it the perfect
beauty of Shasta.
For "the Idler— re«t. For the hunter— the gr»»t
ranie of the mountains. For the angler— tn*
Salmon and th<- trout In th- headwater* o f the
Facramcnto and the Klamatn. ALL A J. s»i »-
SON'S POOR. The tavern 19 new and fresn
and clean, with every modern cnmforfcTh*
railway brings one almost to the floor. Wherw
Nature is her grandest, come and learn noT*
crand her Inspirations are. Rates »10 to J13
rer week 12 SO per dav. Guides and horses for
mountain climbing. MRS. M. L. SISSON. Pro-
prietor. Slsson. Cat. _____^_____
PARUSO HOT SPRINGS. CnU S£& m .
llonierey County. CaL— For health, rest.
climate that cannot b« equaled: op-to-datei
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of Cowers- hot soda, sulphur and electrto
baths- swimming tark 30x50 feet. Our masseurs
are ail graduate*. Hunting and fishing; chil-
dren's playpround. croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall: large hotel and JO cottage*, afford-
ing special accommodations for families: all
Illuminated by ras. Ey train. Third aii Town-
*»nd streets. Pan Francisco. 4 a. m. : First ami
Fraiiway, Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad then by gtase over beautiful Ivtvl road 7
miles to springe Round-trip tickets. $3. at 9.
P. office. «1J Mark»t street. T«>phon» and
postofflre. For illustrated namphW" And fur-
ther Information address F. I* PERRACLT.
M. D.. proprletcT and resident phvsician.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poiaonlr.g. LJver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaint*. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No togs. Unequaled for health, rest und
recreation. Rate*. 112 to $14 per week. Trains
Irava Third and Townrend streets. S. F.. 9 a.
m. and 1:43 p. m. dally. Carriaees at Ollroy
for «pring». For illustrated pamphlets address
R. RORFRTSON. Proprietor.
CI/aVpC hot springs. «osom\,
OlVfiUUO County; only 4H hor-r*
from San Francisco and bnt nine miles •¦?
*ta«rlng: waters noted for medicinal virtu? 1 *:
best natural bath In State: crand mountain
ecenery; frood trout stnamn at door: telephone,
telegraph: daily mall and express: FIR3T-
CT.AFS HOTKt, AND STAGE SKRVICE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
Fan Francisco onlv J5 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. S3 a day or
S12 a week. References — Any eu»«t of the pajc
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MtXOREW. Proprietor.
BLUE LAKES,
Lake Co.; fine fishing, boating, bathing and
hunting: in the heart of the mountains. Th«
best table In Lake Co. Addres* O. WEX3-
MAK. Midlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
CALIFORNIA flOT SPRINGS 1*11^:
Springs: new management; a place of mmfnrt
all «eason«: 4« miles from 9. F.. via Tiburon
ferry. R. R. station en hotel grounds- exten
slve swimming tank; $10 50 and up per w»elc*
rourd-trlp Jl 10 on Sunday. COOPER A STEWl
ART. Agua Callente. CaL Long-distance phon«.
PLEASANT VIEW HOTEL.
Iron and Magnesia Springs. These celebrated
springs adjoin Bartlett Springs. Fishing- hum-
ln«r: home cooking: good beds: SS SO to *1» weak-
cottages for housekeeping. JIRS II HOPPIV*
Partlett Scrln^s. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County tn
epend your vacation. Boating, bathing boVu
Ing. tennfs. livery, new walks, etc. Writs fa*
circular to H. WAMBOLD
Laurel Pell. Lake County. CaL
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest resort In the prettiest county rn
California. Trout fishing— finest In the State-.
Shovel Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting—
plenty of game in surrounding mountains—
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BR09
Proprietors. Beswick. Slsklyoa County, CaL
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NETW MANAGEMENT
A. POLLMANN. Napa Soda Springs P. a
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric Ughu bll
Ilards. lawn tennis, croquet Strictly first claii
For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. MARTINA.
THE, WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family HoteL *
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
ELUl UiML UXJILL, Beautiful grounli-
magniflcent view and flrst-class accommeda>
tlons. Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free bus me»ts every train; ij milea
from San Francisco. Fare tl C
KANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch rtvi
miles from Santa Cruz: delightful ¦umtner
home In redwoods; running water; abundance
fruit, good table; terms $i 50 week. Addreii
W. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. Cal. Auares *
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surrounding^
comfortable rooms: good table; conveaten-
location. Addrta. F. QCIE>r. Qie'n gj"en! Cal'
BaEZSBBHDaSBESBBBEDBBHBB
ra '- h
I need to be I
H . El
a . I
H : rr . ¦
I That an investment g
@ which secures you against g
g loss is better than one g
g which affords no security g
g If you can participate in g
| an undertaking where the g
a possibilities of BIG RE- g
g TURNS ON YOUR IN- |
0 VESTMENT are apparent g
g and at the same time have g
| held in trust for you h
| AMPLE SECUR.TIES to |
g reimburse you if such |
a possibilities do not bear ra
a fruit, don't you think it §
§ is better than to let your I
ta money He in savings §
d banks; whici cannot offer S
n you any greater security, n
1 drawing a- low interest a
I v/ith no chance of making 1
a more / ci
§' .What will happen to I
E you if you buy Ophir Oil I
s Stock is this: When oil I
| is struck, even in small g
§ quantities, your money!
I will be more than doubled. §
I should a large supply be |
lj uncovered, a few hundreds I
I would surely yie d thous- 1
U andsof dollars. g (
g If oil should not be dis- 1
I covered you relinquish 1
§ your s ock and will re- g
S ceive back the entire g
g amount paid in, together g
g with interest only a trifle g
g less than the interest paid g
g by sav ngs banks. g
g Of course, such an op- g
g p:rtunity will not be g
| given any great Ien.th of g
ra nine. H
g Send for prospectus or g
g call at room 14, 5th floor, g
| Mills Building. g
| J. P. MASHE," g
13 Agent for San Francls:o and vicinity, a
EBBBaBBEanSBilHrilHB&BElBBi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WPi • crct WC *N- Who V||p
doesn't ? But Y*l||i
'$$? y ou arc discour- pM$.
.}/ nged. You've tried fN*^
|\ medicines that prom- jjjp
; M iscd much but didn't fej
W I keep their promises. If \?el
|/you want to get well Vm
M try the medicine that 8m
/ makes people well, \s|
DISCOVERY
L For diseases of the stomach j
* and organs of digestion and |
ft nutrition, this medicine offers I
g\ a practically unfailing cure. y|
I \ Klucly-eigfat per cent, of all >>Q
*> O who use it get well. CsSa
; 8 "I can:ict express half my feel-
\y i-ijrs of frratefulness to you." writes Vi^
32¥ ilrs- Josie 8. Clark, of Enterprise, \Si
«S Shelby Co.. Mo. "I had de- Ja
Sa spaired cf ever getting welL I jjJ|
#«\ liad been in Lad health for jkS
¦/7»\ twelve years. Had aches all f%4
YJfr'i througrh hit. numb liands, cold , »*;¦•
asfcjS feet, and everything I ate dis. cj^2
4»&jl tressed ni<-; liowds constipated, /? €
¦ji'v'/V was v'-ry nervous, depress- K >\
/$M V\ <d ani despondent When I /V^5
{T^BBS-fy Crst wrote to you I thought jktt?MSi
¦*^if I could never be cured. I Jmgg&
f5&&k l javt taken six bottles offeJatm
SxGftl -'""• Pierce's Golden ™JJ!-J
gsQf \l Medical Discovery, #!*£*:«
• '¦ \? > >*»N V a "*^ mv health /} EEj-^fiiJudge Conlan Enjoined.
Judge Conlan was served with a notice
from Judge Murasky yesterday, citing
him to appear before him to-morrow to
show cause why a writ of supersedeas
should not be issued in the cases of Henry
Schwartz and other poolsellers arrested
for violatics the ordinance ajralnst pool
selling. If the writ is granted the cases
will not be tried . In the lower court.
Harry Corbett was again arrested yes
terday for violating the ordinance.
Hatteri Tomatoes Seized.
Health Inspector John Williamson
seized twenty-five cases of rotten toma
toes on Saturday. Yesterday their owner.
J. Blasco. had them sent to the garbage
crematory, where they were destroyed.
Inspector Williamson saw the cases on a
wa?on. A casual glance showed the cans
to be swelled- Upon Investigation the en
tire load of 1200 pounds proved to be unnt
for food. The tomatoes were stored at
407 Commercial street., and it was while
being removed from there that the inspec
tor made the discovery leading to their
destruction.
OAKLAND. July ft.— H. Boyer, a col
lector for the W. M. Watson Company,
wholesale liquor dealers, is accused by
that firm of embezzling over $1000 cf Its
money. Boyer. it Is claimed, collected the
money from the firm's customers, but
neglected to turn It over to hl3 employers.
He has been discharged, but there will be
no prosecution. It is Intimated that the
amount of Boyer's peculations will largely
exceed the sum mentioned. Boyer la well
known In this city.
COLLECTOR . ACCUSED OF
MISAPPROPRIATING MONEY
n.EY22T ZNNIKG GAiEE.
P.-eds Beat'the Quakers in a Long j
Drawn-Ottt Contest.
CORRECT BTAXDSCG OF THE CLUBS, j
C:-cb« tr. L. Pct.;Cl=c!nr.atl ..*) S3 .40]
Erocklya ....41 a M\ St. Louti rs U .«»
P v i:adelr!ila. 25 J* .^7. Boston Zi S4 .4U !
Pttt«burg ...SS S> .FJ% New T3rk...U 40 .544 |
Chicago 3S 33
CBCaXXlTI. July i— Cra wfcr2> s'.=s> asd ¦
UcBrt'le'i triple put &a eni to to-day'i e*rr.e in
th* elerectii. It *8l «. lore drawn out ar
*t;r :n mclch much time was ep^nt wrir^lins
with the uiE^ire. Attendance. XXQ. Score;
Clult*- R- H; E.
OattiOMU 5 " i
Pr^iielptla 4*2
E*tteries— N»»-ton ard Ftl'.z; Fraser a=d :ic
rutxaO. Ucrlrt-Terry.
CT. LOUIS. July t.— Wfllli w*» batted at
•win t9--ia>-. L*wis uUn; his place la the firth.
Bcstcc'B error* <Ji<i not Cciire nud in tae
•cere. Attesdance, HOC. Score:
f.°£^i; _ .« J h E i
Ec<srr_a 8 7 5
PatteriM— p-w»:i ail Ciirer; Lewis, tVIIlls
ir. i C'.arfce. U— ;rle— Enxslit.
CHICAGO. Julr ».— With tsen on bases
Mercer was botii effective and luckjr to-day.
€>vea hit* pr?<laclr.y csly three rur.», the lo
cais :.::-; : — four fist d:ub> plays. An
error, a flit, a Eacnflce aad a ein«ie save New
1'crk tfceir two rur*. Atteartanee. S'jO. Sccre:
Cluts— B. H. K.
Ctlcair-> 2 11 2
.New York 1 .;'... : -.S
Eatferi** — Taylcr ari<l Doc»fcae; ilercer aad
I^jwcr-it^. Czapin?— ffDiy.
¦ ¦ •
American League Games.
DETROIT. July ».— Detroit. 3; Knnm City. 0.
CLEVELAND. July S.— Cleveland. 7; Mil
waukee. 4.
EUFFALO. July J— Ko (2X«: w«t grvca&s.
IXDIANAPOLL3. July ».— IniU*pclia, 3;
2l:r.=e«clU. 4.
Cash. Elcaa Sode the Winner.
PAJUS. July 9.— The race for the Prix
des Jacir.the* cf <000 francs at 1100 meters
•wtcj run at Vlncenn**^ to-day. Baron Leo
nine'8 Neptune II, ridden by Cash Sl«an,
beat Cerate Pelay's Calliope, ridderl by
G Stern, by thre«-q carters of a length.
*sd M. Laurent's Ixoroe, with Purgess
by five lengths.
• — — - - _ . *-
2IaTlborough vs. Haverford.
LONDON. July 3.— In the cricket catch
to-day between elevens representing Alar!
-borough College and Ha.verford College*
the former in their first Innings score i
22 runs. At the close of play to-day tha
Haverford cricketers in their first ir.nisjfa
had scored 1*> nrns for three wick^ta
down.
SWEENEY FUND TO BE
INCREASED BY BOXERS
Clever Pugilists Will Display Their
Science in Aid of the Fireman's
Family.
Benefits in aid cf the widow and children
of John Edward Sweer.ey. the heroic fire
man who met his death in the discharge
of hi3 duty, have hot ceased. The fund
for the widow and orphans will be mate
rially increased this evening by the splen
did boxing exhibition to be given by the
San Francisco Athletic Club at its rooms,
317 Sixth street. Alex Greggains, the of
ficial referee of the club, who i3 an old
fireman himself, has arranged an excellent
card for the occasion. There will be ten
four-round bouts between the . cleverest
amateurs now appearing before the pub
lic. The men will meet In every class,
and as a dectsion in each contest Is ex
pected some exciting sport should result.
- Ed Jones and Pete Fransen will do bat
tle at 115 pounds; Jack Hart and "Kid"
Parker, 120 pounds; Al Whitman and
Hugh Friel, 123 pounds; Jim Little and
Frank Wall, 12S pounds: Fred Larsen and
Jim Waller. 133 pounds; Harry Glassroan
and Gus Salsbury. 140 pounds; William
Mathison and Jack Anderson, 140 pounds;
Ed Tomalty and Dick Anglect, 143 pounds;
Frank Nlcholls and H. Schilling. 154
pounds, and Waiter Moreno and Joe Long,
157 pounds.
In addition to the $50 already subscribed
to the Sweeney fund by the Pac'ric Sheet
Metal Works. S70 more was turned over
to Fire Chief Sullivan yesterday.
OAKLAND. July 9.— "If the dredging of
Lake Merritt was not done according to
specifications I shall as a private citizen
brin? suit to impeach the City Engineer,"
declared Councilman Girard to-night be
*ore th>e Council committee of the whole.
He was aiscussing a resolution directing
the appointment of two engineers to as
certain the condition of the lake. "It Is
very important." continued Girard. "that
th= Board ot Public Works should meet
the Council on this matter. The Council
should not shrink from its duty. I have
seen the ordinance authorizing 1 this dredsr
ing and it requires the work to be done for
$3^ •'<¦•) with £K).0<X) added for new flood
pate?. It is declared that there are acre*
upon acres which have not been dredjred
to the required four feet of depth at
ordinary low tide. If City Engineer
Clement has certified that this work was
done this Council ou^ht to know it.
"If we find that the money has been
paid out when it should not have been
paid out, our duty Is to go after the men
who are responsible for it. Friends or no
friends makes no difference to me. I pro
pose to see whether this work has been
done or know the reason why. The Board
of Public Works may have some reason
for acting as they did, but let us find their
reasons for this matter.'
The resolution wa3 laid over for a week
pendinc the return of City Engineer
Clement and City Attorney Dow.
Lectures on "Liquid Air."
' The Board of Education is making ar
rangements to engage some prominent
authority to deliver a series of lectures
on "Liquid Air" at the coming Institute
of the State Teachers' Association. The
subject is one that the board thinks will
by Its novelty Interest every school teach
er in California. The "Liquid Air" lec
tures will form part of a series to be de
livered treating of natural science. The
institute will be held here next December
and will last four or five days. Each lec
ture will be Illustrated with proper ap
paratus.
Secretary Spaulding^s Visit.
O. L. Spauldln?. Assistant Secretary of
tbe" Treasury, visited the Custom House,
Appraiser's store, the Immigration Bu
reau and the Chinese Bureau yesterday
and was Introduced by Special Treasurv
A."ent Power. To-day he will be the sues;
of the Federal 62icials and will be taken
around the bay on the revenue cutter
Golden Gate to. visit the principal points
of interest. General Spauldine will after
ward pay a visit to Seattle. Tacorna and
SItka. after which he will return to this
city for a brief stay.
ACCUSATIONS OF IMPROPER
DREDGING IN LAKE MERRITT
Coursing Followers "Will Have a
Double Programme — Many New
Dogs Entered.
The Union Coursfnr Park Association
will run two midweek stakes this week.
one on Wednesday, the other on Thurs
day, for the usual midweek prizes. The
drawings at Pythian Castle last night re
sulted as follows:
Wedse'.iay sixty-four ectrles. midweek re
serve stake^H. W. Kike's Nancy R- vs. Ru»
¦eO. Wilson & Allen's Sea Bre«-ze: J. CSIrn
biile's Hot Foot vs. Captain Clarkson's Flower
of Gold; Eartell Broa.' Best Bargain vs_ A.
Frank's (names) Loiterer; J. Simon's (name?)
Master Laurence vs. E. M. Kellcgg's Lady Gil
more: A. Carroll's Auckland vs. Russell W1I
scn & Allen's Scotland Yet: George Nether
cctt's Flood Gate vs. J. Byrne's Battle Shlo:
E. M. K*Ilore"s Hunsrcer vs. J. Burns' Olym
pus; J. Carroll's Blue Stonis vs. Russell. Wil
son & Allen's Lady Emma: T. Logan's Hiss
Grizzle vs. J. Hurley's (names) Shylock Boy;
P Orcph>> Benlcia Boy vs. Curtis & Sons
Anchor: R. E. de B. Lopez & Son"s Paplta v«.
J. Hurleys O K CaDltol; Bart^l Bros.' Beer
Brewer vs. J. Hurley's Hurricane; Barte!
Bros.' Eetsy Barro-w vs. C. W. Bonner"s Wild
Norah: D. Totar.d's TwllUht Jr. vs. J. J.
Keenan's Royal Oak; Jeff Martlnett's Slim vs.
J. Burns' Eleven Spot: B. C. Blake's La Rosa
Souvenir vs. D. Ford's Bonlta.; T. J. Cronln's
Tbornhlll vs. Pasha. Kennel's Roundabout: J.
McNeil's Black Hawk vs. W. H. Jones' Ru*
tan; F. A. MeCorr.r/s Patriot vs. Pasha Ken
r.el's Rest Assured; W. C. Glaseon's Santonin
vb. E at Kellors*s Ben's Bay; Sterl &
KnowieV Sleety Mist vs. J. ODowd't Shoot
over; J Carroil"* Red Hind vs. G. Geary's
America: E. McCabe's Sky Blue vs. B. and FL
Scott's Lord Byron: F. A. McCcrnb's Motto vs.
Maiier * Reid's Nellie B»wn: Pasha Kennel's
Rollicking Airs vs. E. Geary's Bonnie Paaha.;
Welch & Uanrahan's Sacramento Boy vs. T.
Tterney's Tea Rose; E. M. Kelloggr's Iowa Boy
vs J. Holden's Scottish Cblef; Hay Bros. 1
Uavk*r vs. Russell, Wilson & Allen's Wed
ding- Bells: Al Austin's Finn Foe vs. C. B.
CharlesTrorth's Crawford Brae; J. .J. Keanle's
Winning Lassie vs. Curtis & Son's Maud 3; D.
Dillon's Prince George vs. W. C. Glassoa's
SI«*sh Beils: T. Logan's Leah rs. P. C. Blick's
Advance Guard.
Special Thursday mldtreek «tak» — F. Cusack's
(aames) Caienza vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Wattle Blcssore: Chlartnl Bros.' Zenobta vs.
J. w. Muller'H Moonstone; Fariey Bros." Morse
Patrcl vs. Chtarlnl Bros.' Brass Button; Jeff
Martinett's Bernal Boy vs. H. Lynch's La
vena: W. Stark's Thunderb-Jlt vs. P. Dinkel's
(names) St/.rm Kinc: Curtis & Sen's War Eagle
vs. G. Welch's Little Lacy; W. Creamer"*
(names) Onward vs. J. C. Williams' California;
Aeneld Kennels' Maid of Erin vs. T. Ford's
Anita: O. Nsthercctt's Ruby R vs. H. Des
rcsi?r'» Real Fawn: Jeff Martlnett's Bill Foster
vs W. O'Brien's Black Thorn; T. Board man's
Cnamej> Red Glen vs. R. E. de B. Lopez &
Pon's Warrigo; Aenetd Kennels' Aeneas vs. S.
R. Mount's Ham's Folly: W. Kahn's Imperial
vs. W. O'Brien's "Wild Rose; Pasha Kennels'
Rns» Atwood vs. W. Kaiser's Richard: F.
Schou's gmugrler ts. T. r>>yle's "White Fern;
Curtis & Son's Charta vs. P.. Brophy (names)
LorJ Hasttn«; Frank Patrick Hughes* (names)
Dernp««y Lass vs. J. H. w. Mullet's Cruiser;
N. Begjt's Bo Peep vs. D. Ford's Joardta; Con
drey & Ronght's Home-ward Bound vs. oterl tc
Knowles' Frosty Morn; S. F. Handy" s Clontarf
Boy v». Curtis & Son's Warpath: Georgre Mc-
Dousal's Wilhelmlna vs. P. Reilly*s Master
Ma'-. H. Lvnch's Cotton Ball t*. J. Deraps*y*'S
Jinsle Bel'.s: J. M. Wood's Cliff Wilson vs. J.
Carroll's Columbia: U. Delano's La Belle vs.
J CDowd's (names) Peg tha Rake; Kelly &
Han!*y'» Baby Kir.s? vs. D. Tolaad's Hart
Lines; J. CarroH's (narnesV Rocklln Bell vs.
XV. C. Glasson's lone: Georjte Plnto's Mischief
vs. T. J. Cronin's Daisy Day; Georps Iinto's
Glad Hand vs. R. J. Jnlian's Sweet Music;
P. McCab-'s (names) Fair Lily vs. R. E. de
B Lope* & Son's Warraral: W. Crearser*& Jesse
"Moore vs. J. Maher"s fnaroee) Emma M: T.
Boardrran'E Billy WTieeler vs. SchaefTer Bros.'
Fair Glen: Chtartnt Brcs.V Bunco Bill vs. James
H. Kline's Coronado.
The Wednesday stake contains the high
est class entries of any midweek card so
far prepared. There is a preat number
cf new dogs entered for both stakes.
They are as follows:
Wednesday'B stake— Wedding Bells, by EC
Clair- Russell's Nancy; Sea Breeze, imp.. • by
Fcrtana Favente>Rosnnre; Scctlanl Yet, by St.
TWO MIDWEEK STAKES TO
BE RUN AT UNION PARK
Clair-Clen Rosa; "War Path, by Sky Rock*t-
Vanity Fair; Charts, by ChartiSu-The Fmra.
imp.; Warrasal. by Warratah-Gre«-n Valley
Maid: Advance Guard, fcy St. Lir?,Tcnce-Fecl.;ra.
There will be a free gate for both mid
week stakes. Both Wednesday and Thurs
day trains will leave at 10:15 a. m.
Thursday's stake— Lord Hastings, by cam
Xash-^cuiptresj": Cotton Ball, by Dakota-I>ur
!in«: Contarfo Boy. by Ben Bolt-Queens; Ruby
R. by Warratah-Llttle Wonder; Wild Rose. by-
Gilt 'Edge- Valley Girl; La Belle, by St. Law
rence-Elcho: Reel Fawn, by Robin Adalr-Lady
Gay; Richard by Royal Prize-Kate Kr«;an;
Brass Button and Bunco Bill, by Hasrhie-
Bmincing Biddy; Jtnsle Bells, by Hushie-Joy
Bells; lone, by Terrona-Dclly Varden.
LOWERS ELEVEN
WHEEL RECORDS
IN ONE EVENT
John Nelson Covers Sixty-
Six Miles in Two
Hours.
Special Dispatch to Th« Can.
BOSTON. July ?. — Eleven world's bicycle
records were broken by John Nelson of
Chicago at Charles River Park to-night.
Nelson covered sixty-six miles and thirty
feet during two hours' riding-. Four men
started, the other three being Charles R.
Miller of Chicago. Bums W. Pierce cf
Nova Scotia and William S. Stlnson of
Cambridge. ••Bobbie" "Walthour of At
lanta, who was entered for the race, was
unable to ride. Nelson's pace was ter
rific throughout the entire two hours and
he -was over a mile ahead of Stinson at
the end of the thirtieth mila. Plerc« mat*'*
63 miles T -» lap. Miller 63 miles *-S lap and
Stiason a. miles H lap.
The records made by Nelson wiipa: 2»
miles. 43:25 2-3; 27 miles. 43:15 3-5; 23 miles.
47:37 3-5: 30 miles, 50:42 2-5; 51 in:le5».
52:25 2-5; 40 miles. l:C*:«3-5; 41 mi'.e?.
l:10:38:-5; 42 miles. l:12:S4-5; 43 milea.
1:14:15 4-3: 44 zsiles. 1:15:08 2-5; 45 dies.
1:17:23 3-5.
The? men were -well btmeiied at tha start.
but Nelson soon bejran to draw away. *
keepis? up a fierce pac* all thron^h th»
race. In the twelfth mile Miller lost his
pac#. but caught It anir. -without much.
lo?s. In th«? twelfth Nelson passexi Stin
«oa and led all of the men by one lap.
He passed Jlillpr again In the fifteen rh.
makin? two laps on the latter. After this
N'elson had everything hi3 own way. pU
ln^ ux* lap after lap until. In th« twenty
fifth, hia time was 41:45 2-3, while Stlnson.
the next can. had ridden 24 miles an<5 1
lap. Pierce 23 miles and 2 laps and Miller
23 miles. In the first hour Nelson. <iid 25
miles and 22 yards.
Stlnson was practlcallr oat cf It after
the twenty-fifth mile. Nelson and Pierr*
lea&ins and Miller plodding- away In th!r 1
plax^. Stinson. bad nearly dropped
out from fatigue, picket] up toward tha
end of the twr» hour* and was Jrr«t hold-
Ing h!3 own when the pong sounded.
Hardy Brothers Make a Fins Showing
TEJTN'IS TOUILNAIKEXT.
at Ken-wood.
CHICAGO, July 3.— Tennis experts from
all sections of the country participated in
the second day's competition for the
Western tennis championship at the Ken
wood Country Club courts to-day. The
first round and the balance of the pre
liminary matches left over from Satur
day on account of the rain were finished
and play in the second and third rounds
commenced.
Among the players who- arrived to-day
¦were th» Hardy brothers from, the Pacinc
Coast.
The follcwfng are the results of to-day's
Play:
Eaces on the Harlem.
Preliminary round — Hill won from J. H. Stoll
by default; C. 6. Peters wen from C. A.
Beach, 3-fi. J-4. *-4; A. 1L Yemen won from
Varnell by default: K. H. Mundy won from H.
Holmes. 6-4. 6-2; Clarence Henry won from
Geore-e J. Williams by default: \V. L. i*y»r»
won from E. S. Weadley. 6-3. 6-3; E. L. Morley
won frcm M. P. Barber by default: A. P.
Steondi won from L. L. Bailey by default; J.
K Carter won from Fred Wool by default.
First irmnA—T". B- Alexjuid-T won from Gil
bert Btt»». 6-U S-3: Horace Richards won from
Robert Whitney by default; Roche won frora
Vernon by default; Krel«h Ccllin* won from
X. H. ilundy. 4-4. S-l; J. N'orrts won from
HoMen by default; Sam Hardy won from Cyrus
Garnet 6-3. fi-4: Paulson won from F". M. Mc-
Cluskey by default; T. C. won from T.
M Turner by default; C. H. Gregory won from
Fred Becker. S-3. S-3; J. M. Dermid won from
L. E. M>yei-9 r>y default: B. W. McKetvtr won
from Georce W'nliney by default.
Second r^und— Asbcroft won from Binfrfcatn.
f-2 S-4; Little beat Carter, ii-2. 6-2: Sumner
Hardy defeated J. T. Bailey. «-3. S-l: G. Vaughn
defeated Pierce by default: Paret defeated
Wherry. 6-1. «-*>;. Collins defeated Henry. 6-1.
6-0; Little defeated Norris by default; Gottlieb
defeated Gregory. *-*. Mb S-3.
Third round— Alexander beat Hammond. 4-C
6-1. S-3: Hardy beat Paulaon. 6-3. i-i; McKeeTer
beat McDerniott. S-3. 6-Iove.
NEW YORK. July 9.— At a meeting cf
the Harlem River Rowing clubs to-night
arrangement? were completed for the re
gatta of the National Association of Ama
teur Oarsmen, to be held on the Harlem
River July 19. 20 and 2L It has been de
cided to have twenty-five races a day.
within four hours if possible, beginning at
2 pm. each day. With the facilities fcr
viewing the races 200,000 persons may see
them at cne time.
Whalley's gowns were the admiration cf
the fair sex. Matthews and Ryley, Tony
Hart. Henry Bulger. Bessie Tannehili.
Maude Courtnev, Louise Gunning, Mary-
Marble and the others in the cast di'l
well and the prompter was seldom heard.
The specialties were also ?ood. particu
larly the songs of Mary Marble and the
musical be'.l dances by the eight ilascota.
Tivoli.
"The Geisha" runs along as smoothly as
a. new bicycle without a puncture in its
tire. But there is no tire In "The Geisha,"
end it began its last week last night at
the Tivoli with the applause of a delight
ed audience. Next week comes the funny
"Wang," and after that Edwin Stevens
will go to New York City to Join Charles
Frohraan's Empire Theater stock com
pany. After "Wang" there will be a sea
son of grand opera, -with the princely
Salassa ar.d the sweet-voiced Avedano In
the cast.
Fischer's Concert House.
The third act of Flotow*s ever popular
"Martha" was sung last night at Fisch
er's Concert House by Miss Amanda Cor
coran Mae. M. Morell and Messrs.
Charles Thrower and John de Witt. Their
work was thoroughly appreciated and ap-
MILLER AS THE COMTE DE CANDALE.
! ! plauded by a large audience. Deets and
• j Don made their first appearance here, as
, i did also Baby Dolliver. a tiny tot. who
• i sang- and danced in a way that brought
i ; down the house. Miss Corcoran, Isabelle
' Underwood and Mr. Thrower weTe heard
• I in solos, and the d'Estelle Sisters Rave
s ! new fancy and acrobatic dances. Hin
. ! richs* Orchestra played many new selec
j tions and Edison's Projectoscope brought
(•a pleasing evening's entertainment to a
t '¦ close.
Chutes.
At the Chutes last night the Wilson
family scored a great hit with /their lat
' est novelty, the Oriental Ferris Castle.
- Howard and Campbell dj & cte.er traoeie
act. Hadley and Hart played new selec
tions on musical Instruments. McDonald
Bros., comedians; Hall, the Lion Tamer,
i and new moving pictures concluded a
j good programme^ ;
Olympic.
The living statuary at the Olympia is
i the feature of the new show. The ex-
I hibitcr. Professor Conradi. has tried to
reproduce some of the most noted works
of art at the Paris Exposition and has
eucceed*<l in presenting a most interest
ing novelty.
Dumas' Brilliant
Comedy Splen
didlyRendered.
All Characters
Well Sustained.
"Camille" at the
Alcazarandthe
"Dancing Girl"
at the Grand
Opera-House.
THE great Dumas himself would have
been satisfied to his heart's content
could he have seen tfce representa
tion of his comedy, "Un Marlaga
Sous Louis XV." given at the Columbia
Theater last night. This play Is a high
comedy — one of the fifteen or twenty that
exist in the world's literature: while it
may be played at by au ordinary com
pany, it can really be played only by a
Company of rare intelligence and discre
tion. That Mr. Miller and his friends are
such, last night's performance proved
more amply than, anything they have
heretofore Cone.
For the first time during this engage
ment Mr. Miller allowed 'himself, a part
worthy of his capacity. The Comte de
Candaie fa a role that calls for the dis
play of wit. humor, pathos, sang frold and
above all poise and refinement. The actor
who plays must produce his effects with
out ever "letting himself go." He must
resist the many opportunities which the
part affords of playing at the audience.
His manner most be exquisite, his diction
at once <iuiet and forcible, his emotion
never obtruded yet always felt by the au
dience as something that exists sound and
pure under the man's artificial exterior.
Mr. Miller was all these things ar.d some
thing more; that something which refuses
to yield its secret to the last analysis;
that something which we call talent, the
absence of which, though many other
virtues be present. Iea\-es one man com
monplace: the presence of which makes
another man distinguished. No one, it
seems to me. could have seen Mr. Miller
last night without feeling. "Here we have
distinction."
Mi?s Dale's Marthon wil! be. as the
port's thing of beauty, a joy forever, whose
loveliness srrow? with us: a n<?ver-to-be
forgottea embodiment of archness, dainti
ness and gracefulness. If it had a fault—
which it had not— i: was that it was too
good for the author's conception: with
such a maid, the Chevalier could never
have made uj> his mind between her and
the mistress. In the Comtesse de Can
dale Miss Anglin found another ingenue
part, but one that call? for more intellect
ual vivacity than did her part in the
"Tree of Knowledge." She played It, I
tbtak. even mere satisfactorily than she
did the former character, and her dresses
—even a mere man may be allowed to
¦wonder at their brautv and their svrnme
try. Mr. Worthing as the Chevalier took
the first two acts to find himself, but once
found he never lost himself or his audi
eno?. Mr. Walcott as the General showed
another portrait in his long gallery of old
men. all so delightful ar.d each so differ
ent from the rest.
The scenery ar.d costuming were not
only rich. but. what is better, were in ex
quisite taste.
No one who wishes to see comedv-writ
ing and actirjr at their best can afford to
rai^-s this r-!ay. L. DU PONT STLE.
Orpheum.
At the Orpheum this week the -pro- I
gramme is up to its usual high standard I
oi excellence. The new people are Ear- I
rere and Jules, who Co some very thrill- j
ing feats of strength and balancing; Stel
la Mayhew, a ratner clever impersonator |
of neero characters, and Smith and ful
ler, who manage to elicit music from to
mato cans and various oiher novel in- !
struments. The Quaker City Quartet is !
appearing again this week in its sketch, i
"Fun in a Barber Shop." In "The Wai- ;
dcrf-Metropole episotie." presented by ;
Clayton White and Marie Stuart, one ha.<
TiO time to ponder on the merits of the
"playlet": It goes from start to finish, and
'fari" Stuarts clever imp»-r=onation-ii of [
the French, the German, the- Iri«h and the j
tcugh girl are given with a dash and vim !
that is refreshing. The Cohans are re- i
c-eive<i as enthusiastically as ever and I
are appear-in? <iurlr;s- this, their last -w<Jek.
In "Mor^y to Burn," a sketch which be
came fami'iar to San Franciscans two
years ago, but which the Cohans render j
amusing, nevertheless. Several new spe
cialties -were introduced by Georse and
Josephine Cohan.
Grand Opera-House.
••The Dancir.? Girl." dorse by Henry Ar
thur Jane?, was presented by the New
Frawleys last night at the Grand Opera
House. The pl£>' was well staged, more
particularly the third act. which -was ap
plauded (the staging) for itself alone. But.
still the waits are impossibly long-— when
one lives in Oakland— and some folks do.
•The Dancing Giri" Is a good play, with
some smart lines, ar.d abounding in sit
uations. It is not, a? "The Children of
the Ghetto" was described, a play of. char
acter, but one of incident, worse luck:
That Is. cr.e r.nther wished It were the
ot^er la=t nisht for these reasons.
There seems to be something Infectious
in the Morocco atmosphere, the home of
th* melodramatic microbe, and. "The
Dancing- Girl." with Henry Arthur Jones
and ail the New frawleys. were unable
tc withstand Its overwhelming Influence.
No: that Is not quite true. The Duke
of* Guisebury. as played by Wilton Lack
ave was not melodramatic, but then It
•v'aJ not much of anything else. It secm
«-d curious to remember the old Rem
brandt picture nf Reb' Shemuel of last
week and see Mr. Laciaye's common
place performance of last evening Mr.
Lackaye should play Drusilla s father,
rot her lover; one wished he would many
times, thourh the part was well enough
Clayed by Harrington Reynolds
But. dear! How the beautiful Miss
WakeTan tore passion to tatters In the
b'<* third act, as Drusilia Ives. and how
her Inland lover. Frank Matthieu, follow
ed ner lovely lead! It Is told of Siddons
how "her "Give me some tea" drove the
footman to tears: the same solemnity of
all the ares dyes Miss Wakeman's voice.
It is too impress'.v-. Mary Van Buren
<« a -sweet Sybil Crake and Pnn<?a McAl-
Hster is a thoroughly aecept.ib e I.ady
liawtry. Al?o the Reginald Slingsh cari
cature of Francis Byrne is pood.
There was a good audience, who fully
appreciated the efforts of the players.
Alcazar.
The revival of "Caraille" at the Alcazar
Tbeater last evening brought out a large
and appreciative acdience. Florence Rob
erts' portraynl of the beautiful but unfor
tunate French wen-.an differs from that ot j
all who have Attempted, th» Fart before — !
and for the better. Srie has eliminated
from the last ret the distressing con
sumptive.couEh. upen which Clara Morris
placed fo much Importance and which al
wavs affected the audience unpleasantly.
In the third act, where Ca
mlil» Eacrifles her love for the
welfare cf ner lover. . Armand Du
val (White \Thittlerey). the little actress |
brought down the hotjse. Whittlesey mud©;
his hit in the fourth act. where he is told I
by Caraille th-at her affection is centered!
In th«» Court de Var\-ille. personated with I
excellent effect by Howard Scott. Miss }
Roberts and Mr. Whittlesey received In
numerable call3. for the entire interest In
the piece is centered in their work. Th« {
others of the Alcazar company filled well
the more or le^s important parts asstjrned
to them. "Inpomar" is to follow "Ca
mille" on next Monday night, as the com
pany fs not ready for the production of
"Xbe Country Girl."
California.
"A Contented "Woman" attracted a large
audience to the California Theater last
night. Ncnna Whalley paid more atten
tion to her lines and ga\*e a spirited ren
dering cf Grace Holrae. who Is forced Into
politics against her will and fs ultimately
satisfied to be a contented woman. Ml*.-*
MILLER SCORES A TRIUMPH IN
"A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE"
Xettie Clark Ancexes tlie Pnrse for
Ilaidsns and the Mils Dash
Is Taken by Little
Sister.
NAPA. 3\ily ?.— Xapa's first dajr of rac
ing passed of? smoothly. A fair-sized
crowd attended, but the betting was not
heavy. On the runrirg races, however, it
becaine more lively.
The first en the card was the 2:33 trot.
in which Dclador, Santa Anita S:ar. Bet
1'a.discn and McBrtar starte.1. McBriar
Is a r.ew arrival from Portland, ud this
was his first appearance on the California
circuit. Much was expected of him. but
he was distanced in the r>st heat throusrh
his continued breaking. In the fourth
heat the decision of the judges, calling it
a dead heat, occasioned some feeling.
Bet Madison broke four times, but suc
ceeded in beating Santa Anita Star by a
neck. This the judges thought should not
be counted and so ruled. Bet Madison
won the fifth and sixth hects and the
The five-eighth? of a mile dash for
maidens found Delia Conner selling as
favorite, but she did not even get third
money. Nettie Clark -won.
In the mile selling event, with the bet
tine cuite against her. Little Sister won.
\V. F. Fi?her officiated .is starter for the
hs-rness races and George W. Berry for
the running races. "Jack" Dlnue acted as
marshal. Following is the summary:
Trottiss. I:W clatt. three la five, pars- STtt.
M. c cevere=ce« Bet MaSls^a tr
Jazse* XTadisor. .Sa=b^rc> 2 It'll
A G F. 5tic*> b. it. Santa Anita.
Star by »>:>- WIIite» <Mabea)..l 2 1 • Z 2
J O. Parrctft Do'^lor by Ai-
T-ertlser <Hodre«» 1 ! S I dr.
2l=i=ien=a='« McEriar ty Mc-
K::r»y il>ci:aifcan) fitat.
'¦f.^Ltl^'z-X. rS'-i 2:r>*. 2:3V. 2:2T\.
K-rr:? rsallen*. Cve-eiKhti:* of a mile,
f-^-tt fS—'P E- Smith" « rh. J. Nettle Claris.
.•4* by BiO Bravo •Ccliis>, tat; B. F. Hobarfg
ch ** March Seven. 154. by Taie Nctice <H>
tart)' feccci: D. B. C-^t tr. i. Ti'.lie dOr. 1M.
by Gaisn i'Or iBensett). third. Time, 1:«*V
Ri-zir^ ee'.'.inf. cce nUie. r»^»« IO»-F. A.
P=vth- « b ra. Little Sister, by Isn. Friar
Teck (CoSU). Snt; J. S. Campbell' * b. f E1
Mii-^ by I=p. Sir Moire4 «<">«frney>. sec»»r.d:
B T* H^barts ci. a. SklrmUh. by War E'.rn
(BofccrU. third. T'.-e. \C\.
~IBST TO THE WIBE.
"Winners cf Turf Events on Tracks
East cf th.e Ilcuntains.
NKW YORK. July ?.— A card of -ir
cver-nlg-bx events was decided to-<5a.y -t
Brishtos. Tie hardicap for two-year
olds" roa as the fourth race, was the
feature o* the da~- Ai Bula. the 'avorite,
won in a hard drive. Results:
C—+ — <«'• Water <~x:re woe. Cctznasier Mil
ler MCOOd. Harrr M^Toca thirl- Tlae. 1:41^.
¦c-'ve ani a half fartoEU-MiU«r moc. Ja=ic«
IK mwl. Tte Khrcw ttiri- Time. I:CC;-5.
Ose aa-i a eixteentli dil-»— Bnar»<ii«r won.
Plucky Rcaad, Queea of Sont third. Time.
11 «' 2-1.
Five furiocca— Al Bu".a < wen. Scurry eeee=d.
"c'i^'url-rf-— H-TTcfcaa "wor!." Fir-arm seccsd.
Uirlbm third, Ttot las 2-i.
fefuri. cr.e a=<l aa eirfcth ='.:•*— Rare Per
*u-n* won. Earsr.r »ecc2d. Lirdula thiri. Tine,
FT. LOUIS, -oiy J. -Resets:
F:v* fur: 3 =r?-Ob:a won. Golita Karvwt ?««
crd Mocrr ilu^a ttird. TI=:e. 1:C2-
SniaZ o~-e a=i u eictti ra;:«— Musk»!cr.*e
nsarrec) won. Ubti- eeccnl. BrtAy-ton
tr.:r J . Ircn Chaacelicr fourth. Time, l^-^i
.- »-'.::^«. ; six furlosss— Orav»* won. Si:-i=i
City e^cacd. TKcrt ttird. Time. 1:11V-
S^tlzr^ one and a mtxteenth rntl*« — Cm«»
lacliria wen. Blr Rclia eecosd. Forret SSot
Ka.r.dica?. fix furior.rs— I>ave "Wa'.io wen,
Bl Kcilar sec-jni. Winter thirl Tide. 1:14.
S'x aai ose-half furion«» — Theory won. Dol
' • w.eih -— second. Ton Giisiore tiiird. Ti3i'».
;::v
CHICAGO. 3zlr i— Results at "Washington
Park:
Cm t=i:»— Flcrlzar iren. LJvadia. eecc&d, An
thracre third. Tine. 1:11.
Fve fsitan— TmeOss wca. E'.a r>rrtirm
meat*. EM Vs thirl. Time. 1:«V
O=# and a carter niilea — Russell R »i>=,
Limerick «ocn<i. The Bobby third- T'.me, I:.)*.
£:x furicrir*— Hes.iTS.ter won. Mcdrine sec
cr.i. John Xcrkn thiri Ttrce. l:li\».
Ore ir.ile — Wax •won. Erwia eeccs<i. XcrJord
fr-\llzig. o'm ni:le — Ca*>ta.ke ¦won. Limelight
¦ecoBd. Paxroca. thlri Ttnie, : 4l-«.
MONTREAL. Jc!r J.-The B«Uir track was
Set:-jcjc £**z> la n:iid tf>-lay. Result*:
SeTen f:rrl?r_r« — Robert Grar woti. M- Mur
-hy f^.cz,% Ger«-.» K*hn third. Tfaac; I;tt
Fire Jurlm*— Amcroso wen. Dccna. S«y s*c
cr.i. Mitansas third. Tliae. L32?fc
Or:e ir.lle — A!fr»4 Hanfrave •woa. Kittr E«
(vat *»f!5t Vi»O5t:T;t thinl. T5me. liiZ
F-jr rurlocr*— Etllioaatr* won. F*'.atter*r sec
crl. E--ffew-rtls thiri. Tic**. -~A\.
?n furSrrjrs— Lfl.^ran won. Hur^arian eeccad.
r-:ustenw;vei tfetrd. Tlrr.-. 1:».
Detroit Trots and Paces
DETROIT. Ju.y 9.— Trotting races b»
paa at the Windsor Driving Park thfa
ffteraocn under generally favorable con
cirior.s. Attendance. SW. Results:
Pacing. ZJS c'ass. $800— Bessie Direct wca
ffl •trs.:#*t h»*ts. Time. ::1? ; «— M«fr- -2:13V
Tomatr Me. I>ruis« ytni-V.rt.oa. Plenty asl
C ::<!*»¦«-* y Jr. also etarted.
Trctttss 2:1" cias«. J>0>>— Si«t«»r Alice wra in
t-raifht h»at». Tta*. J:U\-::i>-M4«i. Bessie
JC Ala.il Cornelia Belle. Crf»ae Wilson. Tcni
lle-ii'-ra. AtxJul Am<~»r. ?*rj'.or K. Willow.
OrtsS Ellisons M.Z.& Earb-jr Master
ftarted.
Picirj. 2:12 dis«. $*-tO —^Thite Hcs« wen la
*tr*.i*!it haata. Tlrze. I:10H— 2:I3H— J:11U-
Clint^s B. Kelvin. C*sipbr!ij?e B«Ue, Sca.y»ffi*t
»ai iiar^icrC Jr. also Etarted.
SANTA ANITA
STAR LOSES TO
BET MADI SON
Exciting Two-Thirty Trot
on Opening Day at
Napa.
KETV YORK. July 9.— James J. Jeffries
will not fight Gus Ruhlin. This decision
wa3 reached to-day at a meeting at which
the fighters, managers and stakeholders
were present.
Jeffries' injured arm Is at present In
bandages and the elbow joint is under the
treatment of a physician. "When the fight
ers met to-<Jay eacb side thought that a
match would be made and a date set for
some time in August. Al Smith held i£50O
of the champion 3 money and was ready
to receive a like amount from Ruhlin as
a forfeit. Kuhlin was ready to put up the
money, but refused to to so when he
found that there was a condition attached
to Jeffries' forfeit money. Jeffries would
fight on any date provided his arm -was
well enough, but if not the forfeit taoney
was to come down. Ruhlin and hla man
ager refused to enter an agreement of
that kind. They said:
"Make the match, put up a forfeit, and
if for any reason eitner man fails to en
ter the ring on the given date let the other
take the forfeit."
No satisfactory agreement could be
reached.
Seeing no chance to f ght for th? cham
pionship, Madden and Uuhlin tur^i their
attention to making a watch with the next
best man. Bob Fl:zsimmons. They met
with immediave success. Fitzsimmons
wanted a fight and. next to Jeffries, would
rather fight Kuhlin than anybody. He
¦was ready to talk business at once and
to-morrow th-e men will meet and arrange
the details of the fight. -A3 for the date.
Ruhlin is ready to nsrht at any time, the
sooner the better, and Kitzsimmons wants
the battle to come off the first week in
August. Fitzsimmons will begin training
ai once for the bout.
Jeffries says that he thinks his arm will
be ready for ring use by Augnst ii and it
RuliUn beats Kitzsimmons and wants a
tight with him between that time and Sep
tember 1 he can get it. He also says that
when fighting Is stopped in this State he
will fisht In California or Nevada.
The club offerinar the biggest purse or
the greatest percentage of the gate re
ceipts will get the Ruhlin-Fitzsimmons
fight.
Conqueror of Sharkey Turns His At
tention to ritzsimmons and the
Two. Will Sign
Articles.
Ruhlin Refuses to Accede to
Terms Proposed by the
Champion.
JEFFRIES HOT
TO FIGHT THE
AKRON GIANT
THE SAX 1-UASU1SCO CAM,, TUESDAY, JTOY. 10, 1900.
5
| Save a third, half or |
I even more on Summer ?.
| f3i$&Sa& — OtS SgSBCS&M SSliB ?
V The balance of our summer stocks are going rapidly. Oir nethod3 jf
*r of merchandising don't permit of goods being carried from o^a >r
ir season to the next * *?
j: Charming Silks for 73c per vard— Jacqnard fiirured *|
f satin strn^e Wa?b«b ! e >Hk3 azd aatia stripe Ta5at33 ia rich co!orir^i. Ths38 Jp
*,* are dtanally goo»l ts!t:*»?. , . .1
K •••••• "5
si Wide Ribbons at 19c yard— 4rincb. Persian, fancie3 and 2»
*^ Jacouvd weav» Fancy Eibboa. worth 50c y*zi. art! S-rnch solid color Baya- •;
J <^«e Riblocs tlat have cevar bees 'ew than 33c A rare chiace tii?. r £
JC •••••• -J
S* Stylish Zaxa and Dog Collar Belts half price — 5r
j»j They are mad* of test cailitv doable-faced satin ribbon, fully boned, «J1 sr» •*
£ co?ori2£3 (20 black). Regiar prices have teea 7^ to $2.50 each. '<^
% Bleached Sheeting 22 2 c yard— One of the best qualities %
aT E!2de, 10-4 Standard S'se-tia?. 9) ische^ wMp. Tha price u T»ry Bpacial. ft
* •••••+_ -5
*.; Y/ash Fabrics Greatly Reduced— These are all good >*
*I desfsrn3, carefally chesea frora thos33ad« shows ta at tha begissls? cf the «^
V feason. fg
|£ Tiquts— C^'or?d ?id white, 2?c qzalltr ..... — .fOo -J
% Jj+jtuss Crettf—Ozr test era.'ie, 20e kisd. x
V Prmiid Ccrdid 'Tjtiisit—Ov entire 20c Mae T. 12o k
I Wish Crticns- 1! ?rc<?r-z<?d «Ti strips. <Ts Talne 20o -J
S. {Mtrcerztd Oxford* and 'Bouriiit Zf?fijn—?<::\* dot *z& eW* 'ij
if f ff»et«. S^e a-d 4"kr Talaes .•. 23o }i
£ EmhrcilertJ Waist Fl*nn*ls—%\.m yard grade for 63 C •«
£ ¦*-••••* $
*; $1.50 Gfovss 8£c—2-c\2L3x> P. K. Kid Gloves a few hun- '*
j£ dred pair* ia sizes £3 to 7, bet co!or I:ne3 broken, so 3 Uttle cora than hal^ "»
&* price to close. ji
£ +•• + •• -J
|- Lace Robes and Suits Half Price — Balance of our Nain *?
tf gcok. St : 33 and Cambric Rjbes Lie? SDaazIed aad X»s Sdts that ba7a beea .J
eellicg from $10 to $42.5?, row one-half regular prices. *'
a* •••••• *«
K Curtains 63c pair — Striped scrim with 4-inch plaited ruSe^ x
jg fn'.i 3 varda lo=j, aad ra3?d Swis^ cottars Ccrtaias 3S inches by 3 yarda. -J
«{ •••••• y/
J[ Curtain Chains— Worth 15c, 20c, 25c pair, zovz 5c* •£
s ••'•••• '£
'• Dress Goods Remnants, half off — They must go at J|
£¦ orce. Oar entire stock ef black and colored Dress Goods Rssisants. waisi,
fc* «k ; rt ard even a few suit lezgtci, Tuesday only, to c!c38 tisa czt, ,%
K half price. -R-
•*•¦*••*•••• i$
i #" \
*C Wash Veils 15c— 100 dczen 25c pattern Wash Veil?, a pood s
qaa'irr in cream white, to-c"a7 and balance of week, fifteen COrtts "^
v each* ,~
*r *••••• 5i
i* Initial Handkerchiefs 9c— 116 dozen, all linen hem- 5
; H stitcted en^roi^erediaitia! Handkerchiefs, a sheer qnalitr. hand embroidered. JC
£» regnloiiv 12J-, to-daj acd balance cf week, nfno cents* •!£
Si ¦ •****• £
J* Ladies? 25c Handkerchiefs 11c— 65 dozaa of onr extra *
i ti quslitj of sheer lawa bern«ti:ched Handkerchiefs, reg^arlj 22c, to-<i37 \j
£ 3-i balance cf week eleven cents eajk* , x
j •••••• % t
ar Cretonne Table Covers 18c — 4-4 Table Covere made of «
£ gooi cretonce and fringed. Jzst 200 ia the lot. Tab week eighteen «j
t: cents each. y-
v ••••-*•• jc
£ Tapestry Table Covers 29c— Good patterns and colora {J
V serviceable. Jut a little lot of 75 to be closed ost at twenty-nine %
£ cents esshw *•:
*! •¦»••••¦ -J
|: P Bazaar. m$
$ CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE %
v ........ ....... *
THE "ESLPOTLnrSL.
THE ESIPOBHraL
• Dr. Sanford's Idver Invigorator.
The beat lirer medicine. A vegetable car* for
liver Ills, biliousness, indigestion, ccnstlpatloa.*
I • 5tore crowded .yesterday v/iib bargain $j
1 buoter^ -they found -then) toa#eres the &|
1 last of this 5easor>5 |,oods.</u5l see tbert) _ |j
j ibi5week-/Voretato!low- p
i CHILDREN?S g
Chocolate Vic! Kid Button, pretty designs, spring hsel. C1 AA ( JH
} latest model toe and tip. sizes 1 to 13^. the pair Kfm*\J\J pj
I MISSES' Q| ._ H
Ditto, sizes 11 to 2. the pair Ol«IO y
! LADIES' |
| Chocolate Vlcl Kid. lac*, new coin toe. straight tip. medtaa he*!*. |i
very smart design, a shoe built for style and comfort, C| OH H
| ail sizes, the pair 9I«OU ti
W Dark Taa Kid Oxfords. Ties, wide cola to«. turned sols. C 1 f> r\ gj
n chic and pretty, a wear-well shoe, the pair.. v*«v»v/ jj
iis I iV\ iT r^i v I
H Finest Vid Kid lAce. new meteor toe and tip, Just tie Q zz B
H shoe for comfort and appearance, the pair «**-»• v»tJ m
B FOSTACE TO OUT-OF'TOWfl FOLK—BXTRA. j$
SJ SEE OUft WIXDOWS FOR OTHERS,Tickets cn sale at Union Pacific Office July
11 and 12. Rate open to all and cood for re
turn within sixty days. Time tr» St. Paul less
than ihrw days on th» '"Overland Ljja-
Ited" via Unicn Pacific. D. W. HITCHCOCK.
General Acent. 1 Monisoznery it.. Saa Fraa
cisco.
St. Paul and Bsturn 972.40.
TIBURCIO VASQUEZ-C.. City. Tibur
cio Yasquez. the California bandit, waj*
hanged in the County Jail, San Jose.
Santa Clara County. March 19, 1S75. for
the murder of Lander Davidson at
Tres Pinos. August 26. 1ST3. whi:e
Vasquez and his pang were robbing Sny
der's store at that place. In May, 1S74.
Vasquex was captured near Los Angrele?
by Sheriff Rowlands, and on the ffith of
that month was placed in the City Prison
of this city en route to Salinas. Monterey
County, from which place he was removed
for safety to San Jose. He was convicted
cn the 9th of January, 1S75.
PUNCTUATION'-E. G. M., Oakland.
Cal. The punctuation in the following
lines is correct:
.Mav the tears of affection crystallize as
' * they fall
And. as treins. adorn the bosom of those
we love.
SWAMP LANDS— H. A., N'apa. Cal. The
record of swamp land in California is:
Pwamn and overflowed lands, surveyed
1,635.227 acres; unsurveyed. S5.5M acres^
AKSWEBS TO CORRESP02JDEXTS.
Time of the Fight.
"Say." queried the inquisitive reporter
"how Ions does It usually take to de
scribe a prizefight?"
"Don't you know?" said the sportir.s?
editor.
"No. How lonirT*
"Oh! just a bout."— Philadelphia Press.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau lAllen's), 513 Mont-
Conacry sl Telephone Main 10C. •
CaL glace fruit 50c per Tt» at Townsend's.*
O. L. Spauidlr.s, Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury of the United States, win
leave for Alaska the latter part of tha
week on official business. The Union
Leasrue Club will tender the distinguish
ed gentleman a reception Friday evenlne
next, at 8:30 o'clock. " "
Reception to Spaulding-.
The writer begins by saying the number of Chinese
secret societies now :n existence is endless, and that
most of the stories told about them by travelers are
trash. Comparatively few of the societies are op
posed to the present dynasty, but one of the most
influential of the few is that of the Boxers. He then
A few days ago we presented a summary of a state
ment of the aims and objects of the Boxers, given to
the London Express by a Chinese merchant living in
England and who chimed to speak with the authority
of membership in the brotherhood. According to his
statement the "Boxers" are patriots, loyal to the Chi
nese Government and to Chinese civilization, and
opposed to foreigners only because the foreigners
have attempted to stir up religious strife among the
people and in other ways disorder the empire. A
different view of the brotherhood is presented by a
correspondent of the London Chronicle, and as he is
indorsed by that journal as an authority on Chinese
matters, his statements are worth noting.
OUT of the deep obscurity of the Chinese mass
the so-called ""Boxer"' brotherhood has sud
denly risen to an eminence that renders every
bit of information concerning it a matter of interest
to the world. In response to the desire for more
knowledge on the subject there has been forthcoming
an infinite variety of opinions and statements, often
conflicting and very rarely aiding any one to obtain 1
clearer conception of the mysterious society.
THE BOXER BROTHERHOOD.
A NEAT DINNER DRESS.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
NEW YORK. July 9.— WaJdeman Boyd
of San Francisco is at the Manhattan: B.
J. Davis cf San Francisco is at the Buck-
ingham.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
There is no question about the ability of the allied
nations to "whip China, but there is a question how
long the alliance will last after the whipping has been
done
The murderous hu-band who shot his wife the other
day and is now sorry has the satisfaction at least of
knowing that for once his \vife # shares one of his sen
timents.
Eastern people arc complaining of the hottest sum
mer on record, but perhaps the heated state of the
community with regard to the ice trust has something
to do with it.
The free silver plank is pretty well hidden in the
multitude of words that make up the Kansas City
platform, but the people know it is there and will vote
Lord Francis Hope has honored us with his
presence and his opinion that we are really deserving
people. This is probably one of those occasions when
the pleasure is all his.
An Oakland young lady's coolness is credited with
having prevented damr.gc by fire. It would be inter
esting to know what would have happened if the
young lady's temperature had increased.
United States Senator Hanna says ht is eminently
pleased with the national Democratic platform.* If
the Democrats entertained a suspicion of unrest before
this assertion oucrht to settle the matter and reconcile
them to their fate.
The intimation that a Japanese general may com
mand the international army now being formed for
the invasion of China is curious. The sight of Ameri
cans, British, Germans, French and Russians taking
orders from a Jap would be a good scene in a*comlc
opera.
The Registrar declines to have anything
to do with women in his office and in mak
ing his selection of day clerks skipped
over the names of two of the fair sex
The day clerks selected will each receive
a salary of 5100 and their duties will com
mence next Monday. They are a« fol
lows: T. Philip O'Brien. Frederick Head.
Ernest Gjessing. Alexander d'Ancona,
Daniel J. McCarthy, Andrew J. T. Me-
Creery. Ignatius J. Dwyer. Thomas J
Powers, Ralph Bliven. Richard Cline
Charles A. Sankey. H. B. Moynlhan and
Joseph P. Roesman. Patrick H. Barrett
and Charles J. Bennlnger were offered po
sitions, but. declined.
Ten nipht clerks were appointed yester
day by Registrar Walsh to assist In regis
tering voters for the August primaries.
The civil service list of eliglbles was the
medium through which they were chosen
The new night employes are: F. J. Mc-
Auliffe, James B. Camden. James D.
Wiseman. Robert Hessian. Isaac Citron.
Stanley A. How. Frank E. Madden
Thomas Kenney and \V. J. Swassey
Georjre W. Nickell refused to serve.
Registrar Appoints Clerks.
It ss net at all tml-kely that the propertv-owners
*ifl devirc some scheme for having the district
cl«.r:eO r.T the expense of the city. Thev would be
ter- u-niins to shift the burden from their own
pocket* to that of the taxpayers, and no doubt can
7*-! forth msny specious reasons why that should be
Cone. It is even probable that in the end it may be
deemed wise for the community as a whole to deal with
the evil by reconstructing thi whole district. That
however, :« something tar off. The immediate issue
i< the simple one of enforcing existing health crdi
rnr«ct:s in Chinatown as they are enforced elsewhere.
That can be done bv refmirins the owners of nroo
rrtr there to do their duty as it is done in the city
federally. That is the step to be taken now, and the
sooner it be taken the better for all concerned.
We repeat that the movement for reform should b
directed toward the owners of the property and not
ibward the r.rrest of the tenants. Little or nothing
ran be pained bv arresting a lot of Chinese for living
— onsamtarr quarters. The:r conviction would
rixnply entail imprisonment and support at the ex
pense of the taxpayers. The owners of the property
can be made to clean up the buildings to prevent
evercrowdmp. to close up tne underground pnsssge*
brncatl; the premife?. and. in short, to establish all
the reform* rcr;v.ired by the law. The issue is up to
them- and they must not be permitted to shirk it.
BUSY as our people may be in making prepara
tions lor the coming political campaign, they
have not forgotten, nor will they forget, the im
j>ortant local issue of providing for an immediate
cleaning of Chinatown. On that subject there arc
no lonsrer any differences of opinion outssde the com
paratively small class who arc owners of Chinatown
buildings, r.r.J who in their folly believe that an en
force::'.rnt of the sanitary regulations of the city will
be. an injury to their property. Until the work of
clearing she .'istrict has been carried out systemati
cally and thoroughly there will be no cessation of the
rotation on the. subject. The reform is one of ur
gent necessity and must be undertaken without delay.
Were the members of the Board of Health wise i:i
their generation they would by taking prompt action
toward the cleaning of the Chinese district endeavor
to make some atonement for the wrong done to the
uhole community by the senseless bubonic scare and
quarantine. The members of the board arc aware of
the foul condition cf the district They have U in
their power to. compel an obedience to the healtn
laws, but for some reason they have neglected to
exert the power. It is. then, to the Grand Jury the
people turn with expectation of action. From that
body there should speedily come complaints against
evtry o\\ ::rr oi Chinatown property which is in an un-
THE CLEANING OF CHINATOWN
J. D. Sproul. District Attorney of Butts
County, -who is expected to be the Demo
cratic nominee for Conpress from that
district, is in the city. He is accompanied.
by his family and will spend a monta
here.
Prince David. John H. Holt. J. H. THsa
and William H. Cornwell, delegates to the
Kansas City convention, arrived In tha
city last night en route to Honolulu. Tney
are stopping at the Palace.
J. M. Corcoran, a prominent politician
and mining man of Mar'.posa. accom
panied by his family, 13 registered at tha
Lick. ¦ • * '
L. G. Dreyfus of Santa Barbara, accom
panied by his family, is stopping at tha
Occidental.
Miss KeJth ¦Wakeman arrived from Los
Angeles last night to Join the Frawley
Company.
Stanley Oakley, a merchant of Calcutta,
!s at the California. He arrived on tha
Rio.
F. B. Todd St. of Fresno la at the LfeH.
George E. Goodman, banker, of Napa.
Is at the Palace.
J. R. Garrett and wife of. Marysvllle ar»
registered at the Lick.
Colonel Forsythe. one of the raisin king*
of Fresno, is at the Occidental.
C. H. Jackson, a leading citizen of
Louisville, Ky., is at the Palace.
SIgr. Wormser. one of Fresno's Ieadlcf
merchants, is stopping at the Lick.
Charles Kins, a prominent cattle raiser
of Hanford. is a guest of the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Thc*e sideshows were all disappointed when the
managers of the main circus secured the new freak,
Webster Dans. He is justly regarded as the finest
Iivinf: specimen of the "Injun rubber" man. and
either of ;he sideshows would have been glad to add
hira to its greatest living curiosities.
The other principal sideshow "was the Bimetallic
League, of which that atrabilious statesman, Warner
of Ohio, is president. It is as a sweat bee in size com
parcvi to the l>ig show, but is noisy out of proportion
to its bulk. Its sessions were principally occupied in
mutual denunciation. Warner was a reaiTirmationist
en the Chicago piatfoim issue. For this the reitera
tionis:s denounced him as a "t-c-r-r-a : i-t-o-r" to the
sacred cause of the divinely appointed ratio, and he
had to strip his arm and show his 16 to 1 birthmark
to hold on to his membership in the combine.
Senator Teller spoke until he was too hoarse for ut
terance, but there were so many willing and in gooa
condition to utter that he was not missed.
THE SIDESHOWS.
WIIlLIi the Democratic circus was showing
under the main tent at Kansas City the sidc
shows did a good business. One ol these was
the Silver Republican convention, steered by Teller.
It was a noisy aiTair, and most of its noise was made
for the nomination of Towne for Vice President.
Fighting talk .\a^ often indulged in, and once sleeves
»ere r<>;icd up for a set-to on the floor, but Mr.
Waters of Kansas poured water on the troubled oil
ar.d manor*, quieted titwn.
Fortunately for us the advantages we expect from
the exposition arc to be gained by our industrial dis
play and not by the national building. If we can
make a market for more of our products we shall for
get the failure we hive made in the way of architec
ture. Moreover, we are to have an exposition of our
own at St. Loiiis within the near future, and with the
memory of the wonderful White City at Chicago in
mind, can count on St. Louis to accomplish some
thing that will redeem our fame as builders. All the
same, we may be wise in not talking very much about
our national display at Paris.
"It is a boxlike building, opening freely from a
rotunda. A poor imitation of the National Capitol
dome surmounts the structure and a golden eagle
spreads his wings toward the Seine. The building is
not national; it is not harmonious with its surround
ings, and it is cheap and tawdry. The interior deco
rations are flags and cheap, conventional* American
shields, apparently of pasteboard. The slight hand
rails around the platforms of the stories opening on
the rotunda are of eighth-inch strap iron, such as i>
ufed in foundries to make tees and angles. The bal
ustrades are of cheap red plush, harsh to the touch
and flimsy and inartistic in appearance."
All that is comforting to State pride, but for our
national patriotism there is little in the way of ex
ultation. The national building is reported to be al
most a disgrace. Dispatches from Paris some time
ago described it as inadequately furnished, and now
comes the correspondent of the Freeman's Journal
ar.d condemns the whole thing. He says:
We have had. indeed, fairly good reports of Califor
nia's exJiibits. It is slated they are all in place and
have attracted much attention; that in many respects
they excel those of all other countries. We are faF
ahead of any of our sister States in fruits, woods and
minerals, while our wines have not only surpassed
those of any other American State, but have been of
such excellence that the French judges have refused
to permit them to coirpcte with French wines of the
same names.
' YEN the most casual observer of the passing
show of events as recorded in the press must
* have noted that the great American eagle is
not screaming so loudly over the American display at
the Paris Exposition as might have been expected.
We miss the gladsome, buoyant boasting of "how we
beat everybody else in the world, to which we were
accustomed when former exhibitions were in full blast.
This failure may be tine to the fact that we have be
comc blase on expositions, or that we arc too busy
with politics to talk of Paris; but there is reason to
fear that it is due m&lnly to the fact that thus far we
have had very little to brag about except the success
of Sousa's band playing ragtime melodies.
CUR BUILDING AT PARIS.
TUESDAY JULY io, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ,
Addwtt Ml Communication! to W.S.LEAKE. Manager.
f 1 a KACEirr' orririB 1^^^™^}^ZSS?ZL£Q
VliiLICATIO^r OFFH'i:. .Mnrfc*-* "J" 1 Third. S. V.
Telephone l*re»» 201.
i:niT*im m, rtooM« 217 to 221 stevenum St.
T«-1«-i»lion« Prr»i 2O2.
Dellrrrrd hy Currier". 15 Cent" Per Week.
Mi. K ir Co*!**. •*. Oat«.
f rrna 1., Mall, turlqdinir I'oatnflrei
PAI1/T CAl.l* rir.clu-ltnc t*un<lar>. on* T*ar ** "2
j)A)!-T CAM/ (including Punrt.i>), * months «.W
PA11.Y CALL (Including FunJajr). I month* 1-W
r»AIL,Y CAl-C-Hy Sine!* Month ««
irxpAT CAM. One Yrxr - J-*°
U~SEKX«Y One Ifir *•**
Ail ttoatiuivatern *re nnthorUed to receive
¦ tiharrtptlona.
SaznpJe acple* »1!1 be forwarded when requeated.
Ke'.l subucribfT* In orOertni chanire of art(5r*»n thcraia b«
particular to n\*t both NEW AND OLJ> ADDRESS In order
t>> lamar* m. pnm;n and correct compllaac* with their reque»t.
0AUI.AM1 OFFICE 11*8 Mroadwaj
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Canajrr Foreign Ajverti'ingr. Varquette BuWng. Chicago.
CUmg Dlstanct TVUpbcne "Central Mil.")
JCKW TORS CORHESPONDEXT:
C C. CARITON Herald Square
KEVT TCniC KEritKS&NTATIVEt
STEPHEN B. SMiTH 3D Tr.bune Bulging
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
rii.rm«n ncu*e; I». O. N*w» Co.; Gr«»t Northern Hotel:
rrrm<..iit lliu». AuiJltonur.i Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS t
iValdorf-ArtorU Hotel; A. brecUno. 11 Union Squart;
Murray H!U livtei.
WASHINGTON ;0. O OFFICE Wellington Hote.
MORTON c. CRANE. Orr-fpond'-nt.
The Board ot Health no lonper has th* tup
port and confidence of this Board of Super
visors p.nd for the best Interests of the com
munity at large we d«>em the removal of its
members from their of flee necessary and ' the
Mayor is earnestly requested to see that their
offices are declared vacant forthwith.
The indefinite postponement of the reso
lution prevailed by the votes of Booth. Box
ton, Brandensteln, Comte, Connor, Curtis.
d'Ancona, Dwyer, Jennings and Tobin.
The Acting Mayor cast the deciding vote
in this case also and so saved the dav for
the Health Board. Hotaling. McCarthy.
Reed and Sanderson voted against indefi
nite postponement and Helms was ex
cused from voting.
Sanderson moved to strike out all the
paragraphs in the resolution except the
last which reads:
"I believe that this resolution should be
voted upon." said McCarthy. *"I am of
the same opinion as I was when I intro
duced the bill— that plague has never ex
isted in this city: that the attempt to fast
en it on the community was a swindle, ami
that the irreparable injury done by the
Health Board's action demands the In
stant resignation of its members."
Tobin Interposed a mild objection, but
cast the deciding vote, explaining that he
did so on a written recommendation of
Judge Coffey in favor of Finn, which hid
been read earlier by Comte.
The recommendation of the Health and
Hospital Committee that McCarthy's res
olution calling upon the Board of Health
to resign and reciting the reasons therefor
be indefinitely postponed was opposed by
the author.
Supervisor Booth, chairman of the Com
mittee on Printing and Salaries, started
the ball by introducing an ordinance ap
pointing Thomas W. Doyle to the position
of stationery clerk, at $125 per month.
Booth explained that the position requ.red
a man of experience as to stationery and
in bookbinding and printing. Doyle pos
sessed the required qualifications. Booth
said. Jennings stated that the position
was in reality that of "expert to the print
ing committee," and that only a compe
tent man could fill it. Connor said that
he had another name to present, but
would not do so until action regarding
Doyle's nomination had been taken. Every
one knew that Connor referred to John F.
Finn, whom Pheian had been trying to
force on the Printing Committee for sev
eral weeks past.
Urandenstein asked that the names of
all the candidates be presented so that an
opporunity would be given to the mem
bers of the board to compare the aspir
ants. The vote was first taken on Doyle,
but he failed to get a majority vote. He
was supported by Booth, Boxton. Hotal
ins. Jennings. McCarthy, R^ed and San
derson. Against him were Brandenstein,
Braunhart, Comte. Curtis, d'Ancona,
Dwyer and Helms. The vote on Finn was
then taken with the same result, those
who voted against Doyle voting for him.
A motion to reconsider was made possi
ble by the addition of the votes of Boxton
and McCarthy. The vote on the ordinance
appointing Finn then showed Branden
stein. Braunhart, Comte, Connor, Curtis.
d'Ancona, Dwyer, Helms and Boxton in
favor. Ten votes being necessary Braun
hart jumped to the rescue and rising ex
citedly said:
"I move that the Acting Mayor be not
excused from voting."
That all Is not harmony in the Phelan
camp was demonstrated yesterday, when
several Supervisors refused to be dictated
to in the matter of appointing his Honor's
choice for stationery clerk of the board.
The proceedings over the attempt to pay
one of the Mayor's political debts further
demonstrated that when Phelan does
small politics he throws aside the merit
system, which the civil service provision
of the charter Imposes on the municipal
povernment. That the opposition to the
Mayor's driving methods was well defined
will be understood when it is known that
the vote of acting Mayor Tobln was re
quired to consummate the deal. It waa
Braunhart, too, who insisted on Tobin re
ceding from his se!f-imposed custom of
not \ r otlng on any measure, and thus the
ex-Senator began to repay his absent chief
for his recent appointment.
Board to Resign Indefinitely
Postponed After Discussion
and Close Vote.
Resolution Calling Upon the Health
. «
Supervisors Not in Har
mony Over Appointment
of a Clerk.
OPPOSITION TO
THE DICTATION
OF THE MAYOR
INVESTIGATION
OF SOURCES OF
WATER SUPPLY
Supervisors Adopt Measures
Affecting Municipal
Ownership.
City Attorney Will Enlighten Board
Regarding Its Authority to
Designate Expenditures
Out of Park Fund.
»
The Board of Supervisors adopted sev
eral measures at its meeting yesterday
which are preliminary to the acquisition
of a municipal water system. The plans.
as outlined by the resolutions, contem
plate an immediate Inquiry by the
Board of Public Works into the cost
of the Spring Valley Water Works sys
tem; the appropriation of $500 for an in
spection cf Lake Tahoe and Yuba River
systems and the investigation of the vari
ous sources of water supply ¦which nave
been submitted with a view to ultimata
purchase by the city. The resolutions
were all Introduced by Chairman Reed of
the Committee on Public t'tilitles and
were unanimously adopted. The first res
olution says:
Th» City Engineer and the Board of Publla
Works are hereby instructed to begin immedi
ately an investigation of the cost of the work*
and machinery of the Spring Valley W ater
Works actually used for supplying San Fran
cisco with water; that Is to say. what la tha
worth of the tangible property of the Sprlr.tf
Valley Water Works independent of the coat
or value of the water rights and lands.
The Committee on Public Utilities wa3
directed to commence an investigation ia
the month of September of the cost and.
value of the property of the Spring \ alley
Water Works ; and to continue its session.*
until next February, with the view of pre
senting an ordinance tlxing water rates
for the following year.
The sum of S5>m was appropriated to pay
the expenses of the Board of Supervisors
and the Board of Public Works in the in
vestigation of the Lake Tahoe water sys
tem and the water sheds of the north, ana
south forks of the Yuba River. .
All proposals submitted to furnish San
Francisco with a water supply were or
dered referred to the Board of Public
Works for the investigation of tnosa
deemed worthy of consideration.
The City Engineer was directed to mako
plans and to turni-h estimates of the ac
tual cost of the original construction ana
completion by the city and county of wa
ter works having their sources of supply
In Lake Tahoe. the forks of the American
River, the forks of the Yuba River ana
the Feather River.
The Board of Public Works was re
quested to make monthly analyses of th©
water furnished by the Spring Valley
Water Works until the rains begin.
The publication of an article in last
Sunday's Call to the effect that "the
Board of Supervisors has no power to di
rect the expenditure of moneys for any
specific purpose out of the park Improve
ment fund, but that the Park Commis
sioners alone have exclusive control of
the fund." prompted Supervisor Boxton
to Introduce a resolution askin? for tha
City Attorney's advice on the subject.
The resolutioh recites:
Whereas, This beard let aside In the budget
for this fiscal year the sum of |3>*) for the
improvement of the Hospital Lot Park; and
whereas, the Board of Park Commissioners
claim that It is net compelled to use Use mcaey
far the purpose designated; therefore
I>«o!ved. That the City Attorney be and h»
Is hereby requested tn furnish this board with
h!» opinion as to whether the Board of Super
visors ha? the power or authority to designate
any specific improvement to be made out oi
th* park fund when compiling the budget, an 1
if this board has the power, whether the Bcanl
of Fzirlc Cotwini ss i oners ¦woul'1 be r^<ju I rc<l to
use the amount set aside for the purpoaa
designated and no other.
gust 11. 1900. on the contract to grade,
macadamise, etc.. on Grove street.
Masonic avenue. Fulton, Clayton, Cole,
Hayes and Ashbury streeets.
street?.
Ivan Treadwell and others were granted
an extension of one year's time from Au-
Street Work.
The Board of Public Works recommend
ed that granite curbs and artificial stone
sidewalks be laid on the four corners of
Vallejo and Stelner sfreets and that the
roadway of the crossing be paved with
bituminous reck.
The City Street Improvement Company
was granted permission to repair with bi
tuminous rock the roadway of Sansome
street between Sutter and Bush.
A resolution was adopted providing for
the full acceptance of the roadway of the
crossing of Twenty-ninth and Tiffany
paid out of the appropriation set aside in
the budget for said departments..
The Assessor was authorized to add to
the assessment books, according to law,
during the time the Board of Supervisors
sits as a Board of Equalization, all prop
erty which might have escaped taxation
during the fiscal year 1900-1901 j and to
make corrections of clerical errors and to
furnish a list thereof at the last meeting
of the board.
The contract to light with electricity the
City Hall and other public buildings at
.0395 cents per 1000 watt hours was award
ed to the Independent Electric Light and
I'ower Company. That to light with gas
the City Hall and certain engine houses
went to the Pacific Gas Improvement
Company for $1 S3 per 1000 cubic feet. The
contract to light with gas certain public
buildinps was awarded to the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company at $1 35
per 1000 cubic feet.
It «f erred to Committees.
The following petitions, communications
and protests were referred to committees:
From superintendent of the California Home
for Feebleminded Children, transmitting a list
of commitments from San Francisco and other
data.
Federation of Mission Improvement Club?,
transmitting: a resolution providing for an
amendment to the ordinance Imposing fees for
inspecting alterations of buildings: also pro
testing against the creation of the position of
Inspector of Horseshoeing by the Fire Commis
sioner*.
• Independent Electric I-iight and Power Com
pany for permission to use oil as a fuel under
the boilers in the plant at the corner of Twen
ty-third and Louisiana streets.
Taxpayers, for the restoration of the side
walks or the east side of Stanyan street, be
tween Waller and Frederick streets.
From a point where the western extremity of
the southern boundary line of the City and
County of San Francisco enters the waters of
the Pacific Oeeun; thence easterly along the
said southern boundary line to Mission road:
thence northeasterly along Mission road id
Ocean avenue; thence westerly to San Jose
avenue; thence southerly to Mount Yemen ave
nue; thence northwesterly to Acacia street;
thence northerly to (X-ean avenue: thence eas
terly to the Southern Pactnc railroad track,
otherwise known as Circular avenue; '.thence
northerly to Sunnyside avenue; thence easterly
to the "westerly extremity of Islals street;
thence easterly to the Mission road: thence
southerly to Persia avenue; thence easterly
to Paris street: thence northerly to Silver ave
nue; thence easterly to Kraut street; thence
northerly to Islais street; thence northeaster
ly alons Islals Creek to the waters of the bay;
thence to point of commencement.
The original ordinance, extending the
limits to the county line, was defeated.
A resolution was Introduced by Braun
hart providing that a parcel of land situ
ated at Fourth and Clara streets be trans
ferred from the School Department to the
Police Department, and that the sum of
$25,000 be set aside fronv the general funa
for the erection of a police station upon
the described lot. The resolution, which
was referred to the Police Committee,
calls attention to the fact that the south
ern police district Is not provided with a
station, that the district is one of the
most thickly populated in the city and
that the needs of the Police Department
urgently require that some place shall be
provided therein where a patrol wagon
may be located and persons under arrest
detained.
Miscellaneous Business.
The Auditor was authorized to appoint
fifty extra clerks, at a compensation of
$100 per month each, for a period not to
exceed thirty days for the purpose ot
making out the duplicate tax list.
The payment of !23f>3 to help liquidate
the expenses of the Fourth of July cele
bration was authorized.
It was resolved that all demands for
stationery, books and printed blanks fur
nished the Board of Fire Commissioners
and. Board of Health be charged to and
per cent of the claims amounting to $84,000
as they did not care to be subjected to
hopeless litigation.
"All the creditors have signed an agree
ment." said Mr. Bennett, "to discharge
the city from all obligations on that basis.
Batcraan Brothers have also signed the
agreement and we are ready to give the
city a clean receipt."
Establishing Pound Limits.
An ordinance was passed to print, estab
lishing a public pound and providing for
the extension of the pound limits as fol
lows:
"Whereas. The City Attorney has advised this
board that it may accept the Hall of Justice
without first having settled with the cred.
tors asserting claims against the; same; now
therefore be It
Resolved. /That the City and County of San
Francisco does hereby accept said Hall of Jus
tice; and be it further
Resolved. That the committee on public
buildings of this board be and la hereby author
on behalf of the city and county to the end
that the same may be used without delay lor
the purposes for which It was constructed.
Sanford Bennett informed the board
that the creditors had decided to take 70
A resolution was passed to print yester
day by the Board of Supervisors providing
for the acceptance of the Hall of Justice
and Morgue building. In one week the
resolution will be ilnally passed and the
building in the construction of which
there have been so many vexation delays
will be turned over to the city for occu
pancy. Supervisor Comte introduced the
resolution, which reads:
Pound Limits Extended to the Mis
sion Road — Police Station Is
Proposed for the South
ern District.
Resolution Ordering It Is
Passed to Print by
Supervisors.
ACCEPTANCE OF
HALL OF JUSTICE
NEAR AT HAND
CITY GOVERNMENT MATTERS
once turn upon you."
Tfoe writer's advice as to what should be done with
respect to the brotherhood is curious in the light of
what has happened since his article was written. He
says: "Let them alone. Whatever you do, let them
alone. If they are left unmolested they will not mo-/
lest Europeans, but. on the contrary, if we attempt to
crush them, or insist on striving to convert their
members to Christianity, we shall not merely fail,
but in all probability our missionaries will be put to
death with great cruelty. The Boxer Society bears
a striking resemblance to a great nest of hornets.
Leave the nest undisturbed and you may pass it with
impunity fifty times a day. Stir it up thoroughly only
for a moment, and eVery hornet in the nest will at
The writer estimates the number of Boxers at about
4,000,000 ten years ago. and says the society is known
to have increased since that time. The recruits arc
not always volunteers. Frequently persons are either
decoyed into the order or are brought in by force and
compelled under threat of torture to take the oaths.
There are some 333 orders in the society. It is divided
into five great lodges, and the governing body is a
council composed of the presidents of the five lodges.
It has no grand master or single executive head.
The Chinese Government has repeatedly endeavored
to suppress the order, but ha* never come anywhere
i-car success.
goes on to say: "These Boxers are in reality a
branch of a brotherhood universally dreaded in China
as well as in Singapore, Penang, Northern India and
in parts of the United States, and known as the Sam
Hop Wui; while among the European population of
Canton, Shanghai and Peking it is usually alluded to
as the 'Great Triad Society. 1 This society, called also
the Hung League, and known by many other titles
as well, has been in existence so many hundreds of
j'ears that its origin is lost in obscurity. Originally
it would seem to have been a society on a par with
our own Freemasons, for its chief object, accord
ing to the society's 'Excellent Words of Exhortation/
was first and foremost to foster brotherly love, unity,
harmony, equality and. freedom. These high and
laudable aims have been completely neglected by the
latter-day Boxer, who, to speak it plainly, is merely
a corrupt and cruel ruffian, determined to stick at
nothing in the way of crime and villainy and trusting
to his fellow Boxers to shield him from the long arm
of justice."
Republicans will remember his campaign made in
California in iSoS. in which he labored to stir up sen
timent in favor of grabbing the Philippines, which he
invariably pronounced "Fhilippians." He will no
doubt star as a spellbinder for "William Brennings,''
and old Boeras should inflate the lungs of him and be
prepared to meet a new competitor.
The adoption of the platform was immediately ami
appropriately followed by a speech by J. Webster
Davis, in which he indorsed it and announced that he
would support "William Brennings" for President.
He had only been in the party twenty minutes. an»I
his tongue was already so thick that he could not
pronounce the name of its candidate!
Political purity is demanded by a convention which
unanimously admitted Senator Clark of Montana to
a seat, against a content.
We denounce the Philippine plank in the Kansas
City platform as ambushed secession or deliberate ie
ccption. intended to mislead the opponents of expan
sion. It raises a theory under which its promise can
not be kept, except by dissolving the Union, so that
if the party get power the frantic expansionists in the
South, who control it. can compel the country to keep
the Philippines or dissolve the Union.
We [ repose to fight against such an alternative, as
will even- patriotic citizen.
Mr. Van Wyck's anti-trust plank has upon it the
hoar frcst of the ice trust.
The anti-expansion sentiment of .the country is
large and influential, but it will not support a platform
; nd theory that makes it identical with secession.
That sentiment denies that the constitution follows
the tlag:. because it denies that the Philippines are in
alienable. It desires to alienate them, and looks fof
rard to a reaction that will demand such alienation.
But anti-expansionists do not propose to dissolve the
Union in order to alienate the Philippines, and there
fort prefer the conservative and tentative declarations
of the "Republican party.
As to the unhappy legacies left by the Spanish war,
which the makers of this platform urged and into
which they nagged the country, the platform is insin
cere and inconsistent. It declares that the constitu
tion follows the flag, denounces the giving of a gov
ernment to Porto Rico, and declares that we must
give a government to the Philippines first and then
independence. It will require much ingenuity to ex
plain why it is a political crime to give government to
Porto Rico, and an equal crime not to give a govern
ment to the Philippines. Again, if the constitution
follow the ting, we take it that not even Senator Ti!i
man. who is so solemnly devoted to constitutional
rijriits that he murdered negroes for claiming them,
will deny that the treaty of Paris put the Hag in the
Philippine?. This is beyond denial. The platform
says that the constitution followed. Therefore, that
territory is now under the constitution as much as
South Carolina is. Yet this remarkable platform
promises to alienate t'ns Philippines and give them in
dependence. It requires no constitutional lawyer to
see that, if they arc under the constitution, to alienate
them is a dissolution of the Union, and if they are
given independence how can alienation and indepen
dence be denied to South Carolina or any other part
of the Union? When such a platform is prepared by
Tillman, who recently said in the Senate that 95 per
cent of the Southern people arc yet in favor of seces
sion and sorry that the Union was not dissolved, ably
assisted by Jones of Arkansas and other proponents
of the doctrine of secer sion. it is well to proceed with
caution in dealing with its constitutional theories.
What man among them all can put up a logical de
fense of the platform against the charge that behind
a denunciation of imperialism it ambushes a revival
of secession and proposes a policy that dissolves the
Union?
It confuses money and currency, demands that the
treasury be used as a bank, and ignores all that science
and experience have discovered of the natural laws,
which precede statutes in the selection of money and
the circulation of currency. O
Such fractures of logic, divorce of premise from
conclusion and sense from sound, abound in this out
burst of rage. Everything that is is wrong, and
Bryanism was born to set it right. The gold. stan
dard Jaw is viciously attacked, though it has reduced
interest on the national debt to 2 per cent, and our
bonds at that rate command a premium. No nation
c\er had as high credit as ours, under this law. Now
will any man of sense give any good reason for de
nouncing it as a crime? Is high interest on the na
tional debt desirable? If so, the Kansas City con
vention, that yelled against the gold standard till the
waters of the Kaw nearly turned upstream, is right.
Is bad public credit, that puts our bonds at a discount
instead of a premium, a desirable condition? If so,
the platform is a statesmanlike document.
The Kansas City platform denounces, the Dingley
bill as devised to give favors to the few and put bur
dens upon the many, and then denounces the Repub
lican party for not extending the Dingley bill to
Porto Rico, declaring that failure to do so has
doomed the Porto Ricans "to poverty and distress."
Therefore the Democratic remedy for poverty and
distress is to give favors to the few and burdens to
the many!
THE BRYAN PLATFORM
THE country will not be immediately, nor
deeply, impressed by a platform laudatory of the
constitution, read by Senator Tillman, and with
an anti-trust plank reported by Van Wyck of New
York and cheered by Dick Croker. Laying it along
side the Philadelphia platform, one is struck by the
contrast. The Kansas City document denounces and
destroys. The Philadelphia affirms and constructs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 10, 1900.
n« t mike n thI h S, trtl f you that clothes do
6
No buffet should b« without a bottle t* Dr
Sleterf. Acrostora Bitters, the South Aaarl-
can appetizer and lr.n con tor
Cheap Bate to St. Paul and Baturn.
CTveape»t rule of the season; tlckrts on sale
July i;th and lilh. T. K. Stabler. Gen. Ast.
Northern Pacific Uy.. «X« Market st S. F
AUCTION SALES.
V.y W. r, T.a j-ngv-TfcU <ia>. at 11 o'clock. ll.->ne«. «n 7n
11 marO tfp ei
i:y R IVatkt nn-rThii Jay. at 1 o'clock. Horses, at Tenth
o: i Urvanl BtreetsVi
A 1 r« r.» r— • 'Ca n-. 1 : 1*> . " '
« rj-lieum — \»uJ**\lll^.
Crsna <>j*ra-!i. ui-e-'The Panring Girl."
Columbia— "A Mamas* »r Convenience."
California— "A Contested Woman."
Tiv. -It— "Tl:» tielsh*."
(Uynipia, corner Mn*on anJ EdJy j-trrrts— Ppert»ltie».
Cbniea, Zoo ar.J Ifceatcr— VrfAevUI* every afternoon and
rvttalnf.
I"ic-hi*r"» — •'Martha."' .
:-i:tr.. Uatl.*— « >l*-n r.!cht».
AMUSEMENTS.
.m, <u rs . cet fan iiu^Sta^aSS?The eleventh annual convention of tho
National letter Carriers* Association*
will be held in Detroit. Mich.. September
3-9. The following delegates from Golden
Gate Branch 211 will attend the conven
tion: Louis E. Bowln. James C. Murphy
and James H. Smith.
Moody Now in Prison.
Albert M. Moody, the jockey, was suf
ficiently recovered to be taken from tha
Receiving Hospital to tho City Prison yes
terday. Two charge3 of assault to murder
were booked against him for shooting
Mrs. Lulu Roylance and shooting at H. R.
Adams fn front of the Winchester House
on Third street last Wednesday morning.
For Having Counterf sit Mone'y.
Secret Service Agent Hazen is investi
gating" the case of Franciaka Zukensky,
who was arrested last Saturday night by
Officer Cooney for passing a counterfeit
half-dollar on the conductor of a Valen
ciH-street car. Two counterfeit half dol
lars and' several lottery tickets were found
upon his person. Chief Hazen has not
placed any charge against the woman. It
appearing thnt she came into possession
of the bad money innocently. . ; -
His True Name Was Craddock and
He Had Been Out on a
Spree.
Autopsy Surgeon Leland held an au
topsy yesterday upon the body of Thomas
Sullivan, who was brought In an uncon
scious condition to the City Receiving
Hospital last Sunday night.
Dr. Lejand found that death had ensued
fron? natural causes, there being no
wounds or fractures on the body. The
stomach was sent tp the City Chemist for
analysis.
Detectives ' McMahon and Dillon learned
yesterday that, the real name of the dead
man was Thomas Craddock instead of
Sullivan, and that he had been drinking
freely for several days before his death.
SULLIVAN'S DEATH DUE
TO NATURAL CAUSES
Is on a Tour of Inspection of Military
Hospitals of the
Vest.
Surgeon General Georpe W. Sternbers.
U. S. A., will probably arrive in San Fran
cisco next week. He is on a tour of in
spection. Leaving Washington July 3. he
planned to visit at. Louis, the Army and
Navy Hospital at Hot Springs. Kan., the
hospital at Fort Bay, the hospital at Los
Angeles and the general hospital at the
Presidio
The last mentioned Is the most Important
military hospital in the United States, re
ceiving all the sick soldiers from the Phil
ippines and other island territory on the
Pacific now under American control.
There will be considerable to interest Sur
gean General Sternberg here and his stay
may be longer than at any other point.
SURGEON GENERAL OF .
ARMY COMING HERE
Murder.
CLAIMS SHE ACTED
IN SELF-DEFENSE
Kitty Turner Is Booked on a Charge
of Assault to Commit
Kitty Turner, who. stabbed her pseudo |
husband. James Turner, during a fight in
the Topic saloon early Sunday morning,
was booked on a charge of assault to mur
der at the City Prison yesterday.
The woman made a statement to Captain
Seymour durinp the day. admitting the
Btabblng but claiming that she acted in
s>flf-deft>nse. She declared that Turner
stabbed her first in the fleshy part of her
right leg and heat her till she was black
and blue. He dropped the dirk on the
floor, and in his blind rage grabbed hold
of the leather case, thinking it was the
knife. Intending to kill her. She saw her
chance, j and snatching up the knife
stabbed him.
Turner, she said, had lived off her earn
ings for the past, three years, and always
abused her. She was afraid to leave him
as he threatened to kill her if she did. Leo
Franks, proprietor of the saloon, saw Tur-'
ner strike her. but she could not say, if
Franks ?aw the stubbing.
Chief Sullivan will ask the Police Com
missioners to-night to revoke Franks' li
cense In view of the way ho has acted in
not assisting the police In their Investlga- J
tfons.
Kittle Turner was released from prison
yesterday afternoon on a bond of $2000, ac
cepted by Police Judge Fritz.
Holt in a Critical Condition.
A. S. J. Holt, Pacific coast asent for
.the Pennsylvania lines, who had his skull
fractured by colliding with Dr. E. J. Cree
ly's bugffy at Steiner and Post streets
Sunday, is in a critical condition at the
Waldeck. Drs. Huntington and Richter,
¦who are attending him, refused to express
an opinion on the case yesterday. Holt's
brother, who lives at Grand Rapids, Mich.,
has been notified of the accident and will
arrive here Thursaay nij?ht. The case
against Dr. Creely was called in Judge
Mosan's court yesterday and continued.
Judge Fritz Orders Former Judge
Treadwell Incarcerated for Cre
ating a Scene.
Former Judge Trendwell was ordered
into custody yesterday morning by Judj?e
Fritz for contempt of court. He was kept
in the City Prison till 2 o'clock in the
afternoon, and was then taken to court.
The Judge asked him if he had anything
to say, but he rhowed no pign of making
an apology, and the Judge fined him $50,
with the alternative cf five days in the
County Jail. J-r. ter a writ of habeas cor
pus was applied for before Judge Murasky
and it was granted, bail being fixed at
$25, half the amount of the fine. The bail
was forthcoming and Trcadweli was re
leased.
Trcadwell was defending L. Brogamonte,
an East Indian, who was charged by Po
liceman Ilagpettwith carrying a concealed
weapon in the shape of a dagger, which he
was nourishing on the water front on Sun
day. Treadwell claimed that the defend
ant was a traveler and therefore entitled
to carry the weapon. The Judge differed
with him and convicted the defendant,
ordering him to appear for sentence to
day.
* '.'\Ve will take our sentence now," shout
ed Treadwell.
"AM right, •" s-aid the Judge. "The de
fendant is fined $30, with the alternative of
fifty days."
"I'll bet you fifty to one that you will be
reversed to-morrow," shouted Treadwell.
"You have no right to speak like that,"
said the Judce quietly, but Treadwell re
peated the offer and brandished his cane
in front of the Judge, who ordered Bailiff
Conlon to arrest him for contempt.
"You can't arrest me in court," roared
Treadwell. but Conlon took him by the
arm and led him to the prison.
TAKEN TO PRISON FOR
CONTEMPT OF COURT
directors. Misses. Kate Conklin. Mary Donovan.
Kate £>risco!l. Mary McCarty, Mary Mclner
ney, Mamie Stein, Mary Sullivan and Mrs. N.
T. Fleming.
The following delegates are attending
the se,sion:
Kan Francisco, No. 1— Mrs. Margaret Hill,
Mies Martha Cojipage, Mrs. T. P. Sweeney,
Mr*. M. Peacock, Mrs. S. Flaherty. Miss Kath
erine Iionovan. No. 2— Miss Helen R. "Winters.
Mrs. M. Mullen. Miss Kate Desmond. Miss An
na FitztferaM. No. 3— Mtsses Mary L^ahy,
Helle IJnyie. No. 4-Mlss Fannie Douglass, Mrs.
M. OallaKher. No. 7-Miss Kate Buckley. Mrs.
• Jeorge Richardson. No. 16— Mrs. Ella Tappels,
llrs. M. A. Andreas. No. 20— Mrs. A. Devine.
Mrs. M. A. Kaunltz. Santa Cruz, No. 12— Miss
Agnes Cooney, Mrs. J. Rooney. . Vallejo, No. 13
—Mrs. Akhps Grace, Mrs. Mary Dunphy. East
Oakland. No 15— Miss Mary Flynn. Mrs. M.
Price. N'o. 24— Mrs. K. Doyle. Mrs. L.. Whe
lan. Napa, No. 26— Miss Hilda Fleming, Mrs.
Nellie Lawler. Carson City, Xev., No. 30—
Miys Nellie Epstein. Mrs. J. Cowan. Virginia
City. N'o. 31— Misses Rose A. McCaffery.
Frances Gray. San Jope. NoJ S2 — Misses Mary
A. McDonald, Kate Curley. Victoria, B. C,
No. 3S-Mrs. M. M. Harlock, Mrs. A. Steele.
Ilutte. Mont., No. 42— Misses Emma Hesse, Ma
rie Armstrong. Pacramento. No. 17— Miss Mary
L.. HapKerry. Mrs. r>. Willem. Mis. Susan Ma
ley, Mrs. O. C Williams. Livermore, No. 44—
Mrs M Mul'tu^ney Miss Amelia Hartman,
Merced. No. 47-Mrs. Lydia Stone, Mrs. A. Mc-
Imnald. Sacramento. No. 45 — Mrs. Cella Ke
n^aley. Mrs. Maml<» Duffer. Stockton. No. 49—
Mrs. S. Oarvin, Mrs. N. Mantley, Mrs. Ella
Treth^way, Mi?? Anr.l" Garvin.
STRATTON LAW
SUBMITTED TO
SUPREME COURT
»
Decision Awaited in Case
of Britton vs. Election
Commissioners.
Counsel Agree to Waive Argument
and Appeal From S«awell's Opin
ion Will Be Considered
on Original Briefs.
The case of Brltton versus the Board of
Election Commissioners, involving the
validity of the Stratton primary election
law, was before the Supreme Court yes
terday on appeal from the decision of
Judge Seawell rendered a year ago. The
court agreed to a stipulation of the at
torneys to submit the case without argu
ment on briefs nled when the appeal was
taken.
Morris M. Estee, Gavin McNab and
City and County Attorney Lane were
present as counsel for the Election Com
missioners. P. P. Deering of Alyrick &
Deering. and L. A. Gibbons, appeared for
the appellant. Senator Stradon, the
author of the law, was not in court, but
several other well known Oakland at
torneys were there, among them being
Congressman Metcalf and former Judge
Emli Nusbaumer. t ormer Supreme Court
Justice Van Fleet and VV. b. Treadwtll
were also present.
All of the inemDers of the court were on
the bench except Justices Oaroutte and
llenshaw. F. ,i-\ .Deering informed the
court that in view of the Importance of
the question Involved and the highly tech
nical nature of it, the counsel had all
ajjreed to submit the cause on the briefs
already .tiitd. He said those briefs had
been prepared with very great. care and
that no decision of the court had been
rendered since they were tiled that would
make new briefs or oral discussion neces
sary. He asked the court to dispose of
the case en bane, without referring it to
the commissioners, as all the decisions in
recent important election cases had been
written by the court.
\V. B. freadwell asked that he be per
mitted to say a few words on one point,
supplementary to appellant's brief. Chief
Justice Beany! said that as counsel of
record had submitted a brief it would be
necessary for him to present his argu
ment in the same form. He would be al
lowed live days in whl.ih to submit a brief.
Judge Estee requested that the court
decide the question as early as its con
venience would permit. In answer to
a query from the court. Gavin McN'ab
said that the date for primary elections
under the law would be August 14.
W. II. Abbott of the Attorney General's
office stated that on behalf of the At
torney General he wished to urge the im
portance of an early decision. Their of
iice. he said, was besieged with queries
from County Clerks all over the State
asking advice as to whether they should
proceed with preparations for primary
elections under the act. Boards of Super
visors throughout the State were waiting
for the Supreme Court's decision as to
the law's constitutionality.
Judge Seawell's decision, rendered a
year ago. was in favor of the defendant,
upholding the valadity of the Stratton
primary law and denying the petition of
the plaintiff for an Injunction to restrain
the Board of Election Commissioners
from proceeding with the' city primary
election under it. The decision was a
pro forma judgment and an appeal was
taken at once and the briefs Hied on
which the case is now submitted. The at
torneys for the appellants sought to have
the, case advanced in order to stop the
city primary election for which prepar
ations wore then being made, but the
court did not deem the local election of
enough importance to advance the case.
In view of the approaching State elec
tion the court advanced the case for the
hearlnp yesterday. The case presents the
legal tangle of a petition for an injunction
to prevent an election that has already
been held, and on the face of it only the
costs are involved. In reality, however,
the constitutionality of the law was at
tacked, and a decision on that point is
what is sought.
. Attorney Trfadwell will have five days
to file a supplementary brief, after which
the opposing 1 counsel may take five days
to file an answer. Counsel on both sides
expect an early decision.
AUXILIARY SCHOONER AEOLUS BUILT FOR THE INTER
ISI.AND TBADE.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
New Auxiliary Schooner for
the Marshall and Caro
line Trade.
Epidemic Among the. Natives of the
Aleutian Islands — Newport's
Engineer Has a Narrow
Escape.
.Another auxiliary schooner for the in
terisland trade is almost ready to sail for
the Marshall Islands. The Aeolus Is 150
tons net burden, 100 feet long, 24 feet 6
inches beam and 10 feet deep and has aux
iliary gasoline power that will drive her
at least eight knots an hour. She has
been built for the Jaluit Commercial Com
pany of Polynesia and is almost a sister
ship to the Queen. of the Isles, now in
port. The latter vessel has been a regu
lar trader among the islunds for nearly
two years and is now here for an over
hauling.
The Bio Brings Little News.
The Wueen of the Isles will not be ready
to sail for a couple of weeks, so nearly
all her crew of kanakas deserted yester
day and joined the Aeolus. The ftitter
vessel will therefore go out fully manned
with a crew that will stay by her. while
the Queen of the isles will have to hunt
a crew which will Insist on being paid off
m Jaluit and sent back to San Fiancisco
at the expense of the vessel. Captain
Weilbacher will command the Aeolus.
The Mail steamer Kio de Janeiro arrived
from Chinese. Japanese and Hawaiian
ports yesterday morning early. She left
Hongkong before the riots broke out and
in consequence brings little or no news
of the doings of the Boxers. The passen
gers tell ot trouble anticipated, but the
news that has since come by wire has
more than covered the anticipation.
The Klo brought to port sixty-three
cabin passengers, thirty-nine second cabin
and 102 Chinese. She was delayed at Ho
nolulu owing to the amount of freight
that had to oe discharged. Furthermore,
she was seven daya coming up, a rather
long trip for a Mail boat.
Among those who returned on the ves
sel was Lieutenant Commander Charles
Sperry, U. S. N.. who has been on duty
at Manila and at the North Asiatic sta
tion. Kev. W. P. Chalfant and wife, whp
have spent some time in the Orient, and
F. W. Dohrmann were also among the
cabin passengers.
Newport Arrives From Panama.
The Mail boat Newport from Central
America brought no news of the fighting
in the State of Colombia. Everybody had
to be under cover at Panama before 10
p. m., and all stragglers were jailed.
Shore liberty on the Newport was stop
ped, and not a line on the state of affairs
in the country could be gained by either
officers or men.
Enrique Pepper, a member of the Ham
burg-American Packet Company at
Guatemala, arrived on the Newport. He
says that the coffee season is about over
and that the prospects for good times
were never bettor in Nicaragua, Salvador
and Guatemala. " '¦
While the Newport was at San Jose,
Chief Engineer fc'auben had an experience
he will not forget in a hurry. An elec
trical storm came up while tne ship was
at anchor and a "fire ball" nearly turned
the chief engineer's hair white. It was
not a meteor, but a ball of fire tnut
seemed to shoot out of a nearby clo u<1
and made Sauben's face turn livid, so
close did it pass to his head. Mr.bau
ben does not want any more nre bans
in his.
Sailing of the Nippon Maru.
.The departure of the Toyo KUen
Kalsha's steamer Nippon Maru this after
noon will be notable for the number or
naval officers who will go away on her.
No less than thirty-seven captains, lieu
tenant commanders and lieutenants will
go out on the steamer and thirty-seven
more are to follow on the Kio de Janeiro
All of them are to report to Admiral
Remey on the China station and later will
be as-signed to ships at Hongkong and
other Chinese points. Among those who
will leave to-day are Lieutenant Cam
mander R. H. Gait. Lieutenant Com
mander J. C. Fremont. Lieutenant Com
mander J. C Colweil and Lieutenant
Commander AV. H. Haisey. When Com
manders Gait and Fremont get aboard
the Nippin Maru to-day they will find
two of their old comrades in arms await
ing them— Captain Nat I. James of the
Naval Reserve and Captain Fletcher, U.
S N., retired, and the gentlemen named
were all members of the class of 'Tl, and
the two latter leave their headquarters
In San Francisco. There are only few
members of the class of '72 left and these
four when they meet to-day are sure to
have lots of school-day stories to tell.
Abbie M. Deering Libeled.
John Skinning and five other members
of the crew of the American schooner
Abbie M. Deering filed a libel in the Unit
ed States District Court yesterday agaJnst
the schooner to recover $391 20, alleged to
be due as wages.
Water Front Notes.
The United States revenue cutters
Golden Gate and Hartley will no longer
all be in service in the night time and will
alternate week about. The Rio de Janeiro
dropped anchor in the stream near Al
catraz Island, where she remained until
8 o'clock in the morning, when the Cus
toms officers were placed on board, having
remained unguarded for nearly eight
hBurs against the possible depredations of
Captain "E. F. Taylor of the well known
firm of Taylor. Adams & Pritchard re
luinea to c>aii Francisco yesterday after
a sojourn of two months In the East.
When he left here it was his intention to
be gone three weeks, but the seductions of
Cape Cod and the blue-fish kept him In
New England and only gave him a chance
for a flying visit to Chicago. Captain
Taylor is still of the opinion that Cali
fornia Is the finest State in the Union and
that Maine runs a good second.
The steamer Homer arrived from the
Seal Islands via Cape Nome yesterday.
When she got to St. Paul there was an
epidemic among the Esquimaux so the
supolies could not. be landed. At St.
George a similar state of affairs existed,
so nearly all the provisions sent north by
the Trading Company are still on the
ship. So many of the natives were sick
that there were none left to handle the
boats. The last epidemic among the
natives was about six years ago and at
that time a great many of the Esquimaux
died.
CATHOLIC WOMEN
IN THEIR TENTH
ANNUAL SESSION
Institute Delegates Lighten
Their Business With
From Sister Societies Received
and Accepted — Reception
at Loyola Hall.
Pleasure.
?
Reports Submitted and Invitations
Prom Sister Societies Received
| The Young Ladies' Institute opened its
I tenth annual convention yesterday morn
j ing. At 8:30 o'clock the delegates in a
body attended mass at St. Ignatius
{ Church, where the Rev. Father Calzia oc
[ cupied the pulpit.
After devotions the Institute members
proceeded to Loyola Hall, where the meet
ing was called to order by the grand
prudent. Mrs. M. A. Nagle. Mrs. Nagle' s
words of welcome were heartily applaud
ed by the members, as was also the de
lightful address made by Rev. Father
Cummins, spiritual adviser of the order.
Previous to the adjourning of the morn
ing session the following committees were
appointed:
Credentials— Mrs. Orote Hill of Institute
No. 1. Mrs. Leahy of No. 3 and Rose Mc-
Caffrey of No. 31.
Press— Agnes Cooney, No. 12, Santa
Cruz; Mrs. Agnes Grace. No. 13. Vallejo;
Mrs. Mary E. Mulqueeney, No. 44, Liver
more; Hilda Fleming, No. 26. N'apa; Nel
lie Epstine. No. 30, Carson City, Nev.; Nel
lie Winters. No. 2, San Francisco.
The afternoon session was openej short
ly after 1 o'clock. The reports of the cre
dentials, supplies, headquarters and fin
ance committees were read and adopted.
The reports of the various committees
showed that several now institutes have
been organized during the year and that
the order Is in a prosperous condition.
During the afternoon Father Ramm read
a letter from Archbishop Riordan. in
which his Grace regretted his absence
from the city and his consequent Inability
to attend the institute sessions.
The following invitations were received
and accepted with a vote of thanks: From
Young LadK-s" Institute No. 1, to attend a
reception on Monday evening: from No. 2.
for 'a theater party on Friday evening at
the Grand Opera-house: from No. 7. for a
trolley ride on Wednesday: tug ride on
; Friday afternoon on the McDowell, and a
' drive through the park to the- Cliff House.
Before adjourning in the afternoon the
president. Mrs. Nagle. spoke feelingly of
the death of Mamie L. Nagle. second
prand vice president, of Butte, Mont.
La?t evening a reception was tendered
the delegates by Institute No. 7 in Loyola
Hall.
Th<" convention is under the direction
of the following grar.d officers:
Pact grand president*, Mrs. D.. F. Hajran.
Miss I. Wvnee. Miss Emma M. O?myns: srand
president. Mrs. M. A. Nagle; Rrand vice pres
ident. Mrs. A. M. Pathoff: grand secretary and
treasurer. Miss Josephine T. Molloy; grand
IV.
What England sought In vain In the far
north — gold and silver — Spain secured In
the south when she secured a footing
there. The natives of Mexico and Peru
dazzled their Spanish assailants with
quantities of these metals and the con
queror soon laid his hand on the sources
of supply. The mines, of Peru especially,
were rich. To enable America to pour
untold wealth into the lap of Spain only
labor was needed, and It was soon found.
What we see now in South Africa, where
the mining Industry Is almost dependent
upon native labor, was true of America in
tho sixteenth century- The Spaniards
were hard masters; they held the con
qutred In an iron bondage and forced
from them cruel work in the mines. Bit
ter was the hatred of these new-made
slaves for their oppressors— ft hatred that
flamed out sometimes In bloody massacre.
Not only in the minea was enforced toll
required. In the West India Islands and
on the adjacent coasts it was found that
the new world had tobacco and other rich
products of her soil to offer to the old.
Here, too, labor was in demand. It is
a tragic fact that soon after the advent
of the Europeans the natives of the isl
ands began rapidly to die off. Far across
the South Atlantic the villages of bouth
Africa were thronged with black men.
and In Africa, even early In the sixteenth
century, the Spaniards began to seek the
labor supply for America. Thus arose the
negro slave trade, with Its heritage of
tangled problems so real at the present
dav
The Pope's imaginary line of division
from north to south gave Brazil to Por
tugal, and all the rest of Central and of
South America to Spain. Philip II's quar
rel with England became acute by 1564,
when, for many agprc?sive acts against
his commerce upon the seas, he laid hand*
on all the English ships In his ports and
threw hundreds of Kngiish sailors into
Spanish prisons. Many of them perished
SIR JOHN HAWKINS
as heretics, condemned by the inquisition.
International law had hardly begun to
exist at that date, and both sides, in time
of peace, did things that to-day we should
condemn as piracy. No unprotected ship
was safe upon the ocean, and as the sea
going commerce of Spain was immeasur
ably greater than was that of England,
the English seamen had the wider range
of chances to secure prizes. Spanish gen
tlemen were in time of peace sold at auc
tion at Dover to the highest bidder— not
to be kept as slaves, but to be held for
ransom, in the manner of the Sicilian
brigands of our own days.
Spain had declared from the beginning
that no other country should trade with
her colonies, and rigorously enforced the
decree. Men will, however. In defiance of
laws, buy and sell where they can make
a profit, and to the Spanish coasts of
America Englishmen from time to time
found their way. The most memorable
of these was John Hawkins. Negro slaves
were much in demand in America. The
Spanish Government made slave traders
take out a high-priced license, pocketed
besides a heavy import duty upon every
slave brought Into the colonies, and in
1553 turned the trade Into a monopoly
granted to one man. John Hawkins saw
his chance, slipped down the west coast
of Africa in 15C attacked native villages,
not without bloodshed, and. in the end.
sailed away to America with some hun
dreds of negroes under his hatchways.
The Spanisrj bought the slaves on the. sly,
for they were cheaper than the ones upon
which the regular duty was paid. Haw
kins got from £100 to £200 for each of his
negroes, and went back to England with
enormous profits for the sharers in the
enterprise. Queen Elizabeth herself
Joined In it. Hawkins repeated his ex
ploit, paid 60 per cent profit to the part
nerrf and became the be3t-talked-of man
in England.
Spain protested: Hawkins, of course,
was disavowed, but he fitted out a new
expedition, s\r.d on October 2. 1567. secretly
left England en a third slave-dealing ex
pedition. With him was a young relative
of twenty-two. Francis Drake, destined
to leave "the greatest name in the naval
historv of the sixteenth century.
The third voyage was a disastrous fail
ure. Negroes were indeed secured and
carried to America, and some were sold,
but the Spaniards were alert as they had
not been before. Hawkins, though his
country wag not at war with Spain, at
tacked more than one town which refused
to trade with him. and for a time carried
matters with a high hand. At last he ap
peared before the harbor of Vera Cruz,
the most important seaport in Mexico, de
manded leave to victual and repair, and.
to insure his operations, seized the Island
at the entrance and mounted cannon
which commanded the roadstead. Span
ish treasure ships were there, but Haw
kins was no pirate; and apparently seized
nothing but what was necessary for his
own defense and to enable him to trade.
The very next day a Spanish fleet of thir
teen ships appeared before the haven.
Parleying followed. Hawkins could have
kept the Spaniards out, but in the end
they entered the port on the understand
ing that he was to be allowed to complete
his victualing and repairs.
The Spanish fleet once within the port,
what happened was perhaps Inevitable.
Upon the English the Spanish looked as
pirates, with whom faith need not b»
kept: the English, on the other hand,
rested on the agreement made. In over
whelming strength the Spaniards : at
tacked Hawkins' few ships and there was
a bloody struggle, well sustained by the
English. The odds were, however, too
great. Hawkins and Drake in the end
with difficulty made their way out of the
port with two vessels. They lost every
thing else, including many men and much
property.
For a time Hawkins was kept busy in
Enerland as treasurer of the navy, and
Drake became leader In the attacks on
Spain. Hawkins was a trader, and a fair
ly honest one. Drake, on the other hand,
was resolved to rob the Spaniards when
ever he could. He. was? not a pirate, for
he usually acted with the sanction of his
sovereign and conducted himself as her
representative. In fact, though not In
theorv. there was war between England
and Spain during the whole of Drake's
active career. He accepted the fact, and
did not trouble himself about the theory.
The Spaniards to avoid the dangerous
straits of Magellan were accustomed
to bring the gold and silver from the
mines of Peru up the Pacific coast, across
the Isthmus of Panama on muleback.
thence across the Atlantic In ships to
Spain. Drake haunted the Gulf of Mex
ico, made friends with the maroons, half
breads of negro and Indian blood, who at
tacked the Spaniards like wild beasts,
tried to Intercept the caravans of mule**
as they crossed the isthmus anri once with
his small force actually seized the town
of Nombre de Dlos. where he saw no less
than 360 tons of silver gathered for ship
ment. He ventured far across the isth
mus and from an enormous tree In which
his maroon friends had built a kind of
bower, he looked out upon the waters
both of the Pacific and the Atlantic. Per-
Spain. GEORGE M. V/RONG.
University of Toronto.
vivor o£ the great English explorers and
adventurers of the sixteenth century, and
when Elizabeth was dead and James, her
successor, forsaking the traditional fight
with Spain. be«an to coquet and plan al
liances with her, Raleigh's life was really
part of the prize Spain demanded for her
complaisance. That pathetic scene in Old
Palace yard on October 29, 16IS. when hU
head, with its curly pray hair, was laid
on the block, seemed to mark the final tri
umph of Spain. It really marked not this,
but the end of the era of adventure and
gold-seeking. Alreadv Erplish colonists
were prospering in Virginia, an.1 two years
later they voyaged to the bleak shores of
New England to stay. The sixteenth cen
tury voyagers and discoverers had dona
their work. They had not colonized, but
they had made English colonization pos
sible by humbling the naval power of
DISCOVERERS /\ND E.XF»L,ORERS OF NORTH
AJVIERICA.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
EXPLOITS OF HAWKINS AND DRAKE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JULY 10. 1900.
Alfred Hubert in Court.
Alfred Hubert, the .grocery clerk, who
shot and killed Luigl Ferrea, alias Frank
Williams, who was attempting to break
into the store at 149 East street, where
Hubert is employed, Saturday night, ap
peared before Judge Conlan yesterday on
the charge of murder. He was instructed
as to his right, and the case was con
tinued till July 17, pending the result of
the Coroner's Inquest.
For Charity.
The public are earnestly requested to
notify the representative, Mrs. E. Pearce,
726 Sixth avenue, Richmond district, city,
of the Prison and Hospital Religious As
sociation, of any magazines, books. cloth-
Ing, etc., etc., they will kindly donate, and
she will call or send for the same. Cast
off clothing will be most gratefully * re
ceived.
Letter Carriers Going to Detroit.
haps he was the first Englishman who
saw the Pacific, for the Spaniards had
hitherto excluded all other nations from
that coast. Drake vowed to go thither if
possible. He returned to England with
a rich booty, but not without Severn
losses, and in 1577 was ready for a su
preme effort.
Drake set out with several ships. Teach
ing the Straits of Magellan and sailed
through that ilang^ous channel in six
teen days, himself going ahead in a small
boat to act as pilot. An awful storm
greeted him In the Pacific. By this time
he had only one ship left. Mhe Golden
Hind, which was swept Into the far south.
battling with the winds for no less than
fifty-three days. No great continent, it
was clear, lay south of the Straits of Ma
gellan. When the storm ended Drake
continued his toute up the Pacific coast
and entered harbor alter harbor, to th-»
amazement of the Spaniards, -who had
hitherto found It hardly necessary to pro
tect these ports. It was the precious met
als and jewels that he was after, and ha
seized them wherever found— to-day rob
binp a port, to-morrow a ship overtaken
on the high seas.
His hold .stuffe.l with treasure, the prob
lem for Drake then was how to get back
to England. At the south the Spaniards
now were planning to fortlfv the narrow
places in the Straits of Magellan, and
were waiting to seize him when he should
try to paxs through. He was too weak to
face them with success, and he knew it.
so he headed his ships northward, hop
ing to find the western entrance to the
channel that Frobisher was 8eekir.gr on
the Atlantic side and thus to get home.
AVhen we think of the thousands of miles
of ice-bound sea through which he would
have been obliged to pass we smile at so
naive a plan. As he went north the
weather grew bitterly cold. He landed
somewhere on the coast of California,
made friends with the natives, raised the
English flag and named the country New
Albion, thus claiming the western coast
of North America for his country long be
fore she had planted New Kngland on the
east. Then he made M3 boldest stroke.
He determined to reach home by sailing
across the Pacific to Asia and by working
his way thence around the Cape of Good
Hope. Only one voyage had as yet been
made around the world, and its leader.
Magellan, had perished on the way.
Drake set out. did not se* land for sixty
eight days, nearly lost his ship by run
ning on a reef, but in the end reached
the Cape and sailed up the west coast
of Africa. In September. liSO after an
absence of three years, the Golden Him!
was back in England, having made pr<*>
ably the most remarkable voyage on rec
ord. From that day the horizon of the
English sailor was widened to Include the
navigable sras of all the earth.
Drake and Hawkins lived to attack
Spain again, but in 1590 their pioneer worK
was over. They had done something to
make America better known. Drake went
farther south and farther north In the 1 a
cific than had rone any other known mar
iner and Cape Horn and some i/*) miles
of the North Pacific coast were first re
vealed to Europe by him. Yet his school
of action really did little for discovery. It
was animated by a fierce religious and na
tional passion agair.st Spain. To breaK
down her monopoly of trade in America.
to Injure her an<« profit by her loss, were
the ends that Drake and later voyagers
like Cavendish and Richard Hawkins had
before them. They were no colonizers; not
a single settlement did they plant.
The real pioneers of English colonization
were Sir Humphrey Gilbert and 1 Sir \\ al
ter Raleigh. Gilbert, who had added New
foundland to Elizabeth's realm in 1583. was
Raleigh's half-brother, who was carrying
out only part of a great schem* to c.lonize
America. The rext year the English flag
was raised in Virginia by an expedition
which Kalelgh sent out. Glowing accounts
of the country reached England; a second
colony followed, but the great naval
struggle with Spain, which resulted in the
defeat of the Armada, absorbed English
energies. The settlers were abandoned and
most of them were murdered by the In
dians. Lord Raleigh turned his attention
to Guiana, in S/>uth America. He. too.
dreamed of finding in thcs» tropical
swamps untold wealth in gold. Legend
had made the land "El Dorado'*— the gold
en—and Raleigh, abandoning his nobler
plan of colonization, sank to the level of
the mere gold-seeker. He was the last sur-
SIR FRANCIS DRAKE.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY.
2P2 Montgomery st.. Fan rranclaco. Cal.
L*»«rns personally and by mall. Acknowledged
by official reporters "best teachers, best system. '
ANOEKSON ACADEMY,
F.-rrrierly University Academy. Alameda. hfli
been removed to Irvtnston. Fite of fifteen
acres: remarkably beautiful; climate unsur-
passed. Jnrpeeifon butldlns" and grounds in-
vited. W. \V. ANDERSON. Principal.
NAVIGATION SCHOOL
Ect. J577. Men and women t&ught in on*
month the science of navlfratlnK a vessel around
the world. Privately If desired. Marine en«i-
rieers prepared fcr license.. CAPT. VON
tCHOKN. M. E.. etc.. principal. 42 M«rk»t st.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
G HANTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DE-
erets; temlnary course accredited to the
art and rloculion. Write for catalogue to 11KS.
r. T. MILLS, l'res.. Mills College P. O.. Cal.
Thirty fifth year: fall term opens Aus. 8. liKW.
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
IQQO MAHKET ST.— Actual business bock-
1 keepii^; only expert accountants
and reporter* as teachers. Gre*rK shorthand,
the easiest, fattest and most readable. Day
and evening.
HAMLIN SCHOOL ?nd
VAN NESS SEW INARY,
1S49 Jsckison »t.. San Francisco. Hoarding and
Pay School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. !>>!aml Stanford Jr. Univer-
sity, Yassar and Smith Collee<«.
SARAH D. HAMLIK. Principal.
visit OR- JORDAN'S sreatJ
iBUSEOH OF AHATOHYl
A CJ tt5X»ASn53S.tit.fciW!h,S.fr.ca.i
rjr The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
wM " ,*^fim^ World. iV cjiJincv-cs of ny contrsctsci j4
" S£ 5J?i «>'•*»•« pc»t«lvflj-«:jr»<lhy the oldest <£
(I) /i^vjll Special lit ri»tlk. Coast. EsLjiycMi-.
i n&jwK 08. JOaOAN-PRIYATE BISEASE8^
\ pff^ipAH t-O.i«u1tati.n frer and stTi'tiy private \
A A 1W H'' fr * ' 1>ne "t perionally 01 by letter. A^
\ H Br B ***¦"— C^" 1 * ¦" e»«y c»»e uuJertikcn. \
A Sr- if IlK* w nte for Book. PHM.OSOPBtof^
M )nl asAnaiAUK. mailed prize. <a?
A it II' y>lui:)!e boot fc ' Clrl >/ • \
y Bill. JOBDANAVO., 1051 Market St., 8. F. V
S^^ Anita Cream
f> s* . . is not a cos- F
ajffiffl/XQsQ/ mctic to cover U
up,botarem- TL
/T^JI cdy to cure all j^
J^§y cutaneous af- *
i g 1 fections. It"?
w '^ draw im- K
V &£&/ parities to the )i
£2 g ° surface, r e - vf
fi/Siijfi/ffl move the dis- j;
yCyM%'4I/0 & eased and dis- t,
¦' colored skin
# in small dust-
/J like particles, and promote a ?
V, new growth of skin as soft %
and clear as a child's. 4
fe All Druggists Sell It, k
j^ or we will send a full sized
L jar, together with instruc- 5
r tions, for 50c. Information
iv and sample for 2c postage. f^
Jv Anita Cream & Toilet Co., j^
ft 207 Franklin St., Los An- \,
j geles, Cal. t
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREPITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical col-
>-c>-s; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. I'ht-lan buildlncr.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day achool for younK ladies. 2126
California St., will reopen August 6. 1900. Ac-
credited to the Universities: primary n>partment
fnr children; carriage will call. REV. ED-
WARD Tl. CHURCH. A. II.. Principal.
ADVEBTISEMESfTS.
ST, MATTHEW'S KI S,
SAN MATEO. CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated circular afldrp«*
REV. \V. A. BREWER. A. B.. Rector.
Hitchcock School,
SAN fAFAHL. CAL..
FOR YOUXG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Roomi. Gymnasium. Military Drill,
Etc.
CHRISTMAS TERM RKGINS AUGT.'ST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
Miss Head's fchool, Berkeley.
Boarding and Day School for Girls— 25^8 Chan-
nini? way. Berkeley. Cal. Pleasant home life,
lanre parden. irymnasium : accredited to Unlver-
eity of California. Ftanforfl Vnlversity, Vassar
an<3 Smith Co'.leires. Prospectus sent on applica-
tion. Term opens August 6. 1500.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
Established over a third of a century: has a
national reputation, and was one of the few
school* selected to represent the development
cf commercial education at the Paris Exposi-
tion; over 17.000 pra.Juates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 204 graduates annually
placed in j>oi»tt!cn«; 25 teachers; open the entire
year: new S0-page catalogue free.
]W|]«h~WT- '-J*, j£$
AMUSEMENTS.
THIS VrniZK-Evrry {tight (Excppt Sunday).
MATIHEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY,
<"HARLn? mOHMAN Prp.«fr.ts
HENRYMILLER
A PPK<"1aV COMPANY
In tV- Charn.irs Comedy of Manner!,
A Marriage of
Convenience
. .A^nrt'*^ Tr^m the French by Sydney Grundjr.
Next fff-k "The I.iars."
Jtjir tt-j-Ftmt Burton Hnlmps I^ctur»" Matinee.
McKINLEY OR BRYAN
TTOULD LAUGH THEMSELVES CLUE OVEK
A CONTENTED
WOMAN !
cunrtE /¦ .-. d itrtrr'S
jLzju star oast
An-i MIS.= XOP.MA WHALLET.
N'«xt Sunday Nipht— Oigantic Revival nf the
C»*Hi<wi La-Jcti-Pr«-.v<.kt-r. That Polite. Funnv
]¦:.;. "AT OAT CONEY ISLAND." Presented
I ¦> MATTHEWS & BULGER.
iru#^ &J house
PHONE MAIX VSi.
T.*a!ter Morosco !*ole Lessee and Manager
ANOTHER SPLENDID SUCCESS
PT THS
NEW FRAWLnY COMPANY
O.VLT THIS WEEK.
THE DANCING GIRL
Received Last XisM ¦with Extraordinary En-
thusiasm.
Seven Curtain Calls* at Close of Third Act.
Prices— Z:,c. tOe. ZZc. 15c.
Saturday Matinee — 50c. ;".c. ISc. 10c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
Children In Anns Not Admitted.
AfKEATRE^T
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK
A NOTAIJLE REVIVAL.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Purported fcy WHITE V.HITTLESET In a
?;lcr.d:3 Production
ONLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next week— "IXCOMAR."
TIIIS 15= THE THIRD AND LAST WEEK
Of the Enormous O;x?ratlc Success,
THE GEISHA
Ever.Jnss at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Next Week— Revival of WANG
MONDAY. July 20. G^la Opening of the
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
V.*ei"h the I'aj^ra for FuTl Partlculam.
POPLXAP. PRICES— 25c and 50e.
T< >;.hor.e— liurh 9.
A RARE BILL^OF HOVELTIES!
PMITI? & FrLLER: BAP.REnE & JULES:
BTELLA BtAYHEW; CXJNTON WHITE
AM) MATJir: BTCART. Acxistfvi by MISS
i:va i:a.vix»lph: ocaxrr city quar-
TET; TOUD-JCDCiK PAJ1ILY; AMERI-
CAN BJOGRAPH and
FAREWELL WEEK OF
THE FOUR COHANS
n«^crved i-pat". I5c; Ijalcor.y, 15c; oppm chairs
end box gr-ttts. r#c.
Matlneea, Wednesday, Eatunlay and Sunday.
amusements!
rrcr r tjpD»c concert house.
TV'-d Act of "MAnTHA." !n English. DEETS
*"r.^d noN-, nxur dolliveh. ibauellb
1 1>iCture '
Y SUTRO »ATHS
OPEN JCIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to II p. ra.
Eathln* from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION Jfte. CHILDREN'. ¦ Be
Lathir.t ladadlac Afimtsslon. Z,c; Children 20c.' |
Positively enrod by tt&ese
XAttle i*llls.
They slsc relieve Distress from DyspepeS,
Indigestion ma Too Hearty Eating. A per.
£sct remedy tor Dizziness. Nausea, Drowsl-
ness, EadTasrtio tne Moutn. 4«i^eo rcngm
Pain ir, the Siflc, 1\mPll> LIVER. They
ZUxp^3.iz. die Uoxras. Atjrely Vegetable.
S?na& Ptn, Grnail Bess*
RUPTUBE CURED.
V."Ti»n wp fav •¦rujitur* our^d" «'<* mean it,
f"r it in a tan that during the past 20 years
Tin. P1EBCB*8 MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has <^L'KKI> ilioutuir.^s of eas^f. Nothing els*
like tt. Ji«-st rrtainor made. It dnez the work.
InvfBtigstp for yourself. C^Call for "Book-
»ft No. 1." cr.6«nd 2 cents in stamps. AJ-
<5reps:
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
«»2<» l!s-kt Ft.. ?an Francisco.
<">r in.'; I'roaiiw:iy. N>w York City.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Southfleld "Wellington f
Is the best coal for your Rang* —^. •
CAPE NOME
' MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDOINQ PUMPS %
I/DAfU Were successful at Nome laat
IXilvlUli -year. All others failed. In opera-
tion daily. 9 Stevenson st.. a. F.
Menlo Park. Cal. Superior advantages for the
care and tralnlne of boys and young men.
Charming surroundings, p-rfect climate. Teat!)
year begins AueUut 6. Send for catalogue.
IRA G. HOITT. Th. D., Principal. '
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
Gr'at Businest Training and Shorthand School.
Has the lars^-M and best «>qulpped depts. in the
\V>rt. 300 youm men and women wanted. Every
graduate employed. Free catalog. Oakland. Cat
POLYTECHNIC 8S!L n ec s e s
Son Francisco. <~alif;->rnia.
STUDIES WILL BE RESUMED MONDAY/
August (.-1SC0. Dolores st., near Sixteenth.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAMEBAGS — San Quentln Bags. J5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%c: Wool Bags. 2SV4??32Hc;
Fleece Twine, 7Vjc; Fruit Bags. 6'iQ6?*o for
white and SUSS&c for bleached jute.
COAL — Wellington, JS'per ton: n=w TVelllny
ton, $S; Southlield Wellington, JS; Seattle, 10;
Bryant. J6; Coos Eay, $5 50; Wallsend, J8; Co
operative Wallsend, $S; Cumberland, J12 In bulk
and $13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Ebs, $14; Cannel, *U per ton; Coke. *1« per
ton in bulk and SIS in sacks; Castle Gate and
Kock Springs. $S 45 per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR— Another advance is noted. The
Western Sugar Refining Company Quotes
per' lb, ' In 100-lb bags; Cubes : A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.10c; Powdered,
5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c: Dry Granulated,
5.00c; Confectioners' A, 5.60c; Jlaunolla A.
5.20c: Extra C, -5.10c: Golden C. 5c; barrels, loc
more: half-barrels, I3c more; boxes. SOc more;
DO-lb bass, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnoa,
half- barrels. 6.35c; boxes. 6.60c per lb.
COFFEE— C. E. Blckford's circular, gives'
the receipts at this port during | the first six
months of the year at 142,591 bags, asralnst
150,582 during the. same time last year. The
sales from first hands were 83,800 bags, asalnst
90.S39. The stock In first hands July 1 was
67.887 .-bags, -against 59.573 last year, and the
world's visible supply July 1 was 5,SiO.SlS bags,
agatnn 6,200,013. The circular says:
"Our last circular was dated June 7. since
which time the Coffee markets 'have Improved
steadily everywhere, more noticeably in th«
prices for: Brazils, which close from He to %o
above the rates of a month ago. At the pres
ent writing all markets are strong with a
decided upward tendency. The movement baa
Continued on Pago Eleven^
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Helchts of High and Low
\\aters at *ort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. PublUt»d by otflcial au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hieh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twel L ty .*w mInul " later than at Fort Point;
the he'ght cf tide la the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JULY 10.
Sun rises.....' " 4^5
Sun sets..'..*. ' '7^
Moon aeta .-. ..' I.'i:ii a.* m.
~O Time 1 Time Time Time*
% Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L W H W) JL W HW
10 ... S:« —O.4 11:07 4.4 3:1* 3.2 »:H| 5.-»
H ... 4:30—0.7 11:46 4.S 4:05 3.1 10:03 5.9
13 ... 5:11 -0.8 12:25 ! 4.8 4:57 • 2.9 10:55,' 5.8
13 ... 6:52—0.7 1:04 ;5.0 5:50 2.7 U:19 5.ti
11 ... 6:31—0.4 1:40 C.I 6:43 2.4
II W - L. W H W L, W
15 ... 0:45 5.4) 7:14 ; 0.0 2:17 5.4 7:43 2.1
16... 1:45 5.1[ 7:56 0.5 8:56 5.5 8:43 1.7
NOTE— In the above exposition- of the tldea
Sun, Moon and Tide.
LIVERPOOL. :? 1
"Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 6 4 6 4
Closing 6 4% 6 4J4
PARIS.
"Wheat— July. Sept. -Dec.
Openln? 20 65 21 55
Closing 20 75 : 2185
Flour-
Opening 27 80 29 00
Closing 27 70 28 35
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 9.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2200":
steers, steady to 10c lower: butchers' stock,
stronff. Natives— Best on sale to-day, one car
load at J5 70; good to prime steers, t5 10<g3 75;
poor to medium. $4 60<fJ5; selected feedsrs.
eteady, $3 75''a4 80; mixed stockers, $2 60@3 75;
cows, ?2 80fM 40; heifers, $3(g5; canners, $;@
2 7.">; bulls. $2 SOifH 50: calves, $4 50® 6 50. Texans
Receipts. l.'OO; best on sale to-day, two cars
at $5 lifJ; Texas fed steers, steady to a shade
lower, ' $4 40Ti5 20; Texas Brass steers, J3 05(!f
4 2.V, Texas bulls. J2 C0@4 35.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 30,000; to-morrow,
20.000; lea over. 3000: active, shade higher; top.
$5 50- mixed and butchers, $5 15<i:f5 50; good to
choice heavy, $5 20Sr5- i#); rough heavy, $5 0u®
5 15; light, $5 20^5 SO; bulk of. sales, $5 35@
6 4214.
SHEEP- Receipts. 22.000; eheep, steady to
strong; choice Iambs, 10c to 20c higher, others
Bteady; good to choice wethers, $4 10*g:4 75; fair
to choice mixed, $3 10®* 25; Western sheep,
$4fi4 65: Texas sheep, J3 25@4; native lambs,
$4 2506 75; Western lambs, $5@6 10.
Vis.hlc Grain Supply.:
NEW YORK. July 9.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, July 7, as compiled by . the New
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows: Wheat,
46.S76.0O0 bushels, decrease 2S6.000; corn, 13.1S8,
000 bushels, lnorease 1.269.000; oats. 7,146.000
bushels. Increase 270.000: rye, 556.000 bushels,
decrease 4S.0C0; barley. 66S.O0O, Increase 9S.00O.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. July 9.— Iron and steel markets
continue on their downward course and- are in
a very unsatisfactory condition. Pittsburg re
ports Bessemer pig Iron could not be sold at
$15 in the valley and steel billets . are down to
$22. Pig Iron warrants were; quoted nominally
at $13 50 and No. 1 Northern at. $18.
[ lia was a shade firmer in sympathy, with aa
*
Foreign Futures.
Nrji> York Stock Market. .
NEW TORK. July 9.— Not much impression
was produced on the stock market to-day by
ev«-nts and the professional contingent, which
conducted practically all the transactions, fell
again to very Rmall proportions. The larger
volume of dealings and the more important
r>;*TJi.t<>rs which characterized last week's mar
ket were rot in evidence to-day. The failure
of last week's attempt to attract outride ln
terrst In th«- mark* by bid. ling- up prices seems
to have \wen a satisfactory demonstration to
that element that the |«eriod Is not ripe for
active ppeculation. Nevertheless the price
movmrnts of the day were quite wide, -owing
to the small floating supply of Btock. The un
dertone of the market, too. v.a« unmistakably
firm. Even the Fharp break in Brooklyn Trans
it, which stock led the market in point of
activity, had very flight effect on the general
list, although a f»-w large izalns in special
stocks were yielded In sympathy with It.
Brooklyn Transit at the low point was 5*ic be
low tie high i>oint. The nock shov.e'l feeble
resistance to the d<--clin<\ the bears apparently
turning the eours* of the stock as they chose.
There wae tio new* to explain the decline, but
rumor* were prevalent of. a poor statement of
earning-* to t# made in the forthcoming re
port. The other local traction stocks were
al»o under pressure. Metropolitan sell ing. at one
time four point* under Saturday, but rallying
three. Illinois Central rose at one time 3Sc
and dealing* In the stock were quite large.
Unofficial reports that the «tock Is to go on
a 6 per cent bas-is- were responsible for the
riw. J>iuiFvlIle phowH good recovery on the
a'ithori7"d announcement that to-morrow's dlv
ident declaration is to he on a 4 per cent yearly
I .•..-.' The grain carrying roads were well
taken all day in anticipation of to-morrow'*
monthly crop rf;>r.rl. which is expected tn fhow
the improveJ condition from rains in the North
weFt. BaiUaon and Ohio was a weak feature
on the «*cre of the Insignificant Increase In
Krwf carninps reported rfor June. The steel
Ftocks were inclined to heaviness. Tennessee
Coal lorlne tr» wnpints.
Th« Bond market was dull and unchanged,
mostly small and irregular. Total fal"?. par
value." tl.MKt.WiO. N*-w ** declined «;c and old
4s advanced ».c In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ?,
'r,.CP9 Atehison C$4
IS.4C*. Atehif-'n r>fd Tl"i
lLSM Baltimore & Ohio 72';
Canadian Taciflc f!
'Canada f-outhem 4S
1.418 Chesapeake & Ohio 2T.»;
2nrt (1:lcaxo Oreat W«=tern i0 3 .i
E CiO Chicago. Bar & <Julncy 124»;
Chicago. Ind & Louis 23>4
Kl <Tilc. Ind & Louis p f d r,4
.~...... chicapo & Kast Illinois 85
Chir-as" * Northwestern ir>?
C 530 Chic Rock Island & Paciflc 1"C;
100 C C C & St Liuls 67H
Colorado Southern :.\
Colorado Southern let pfd 4<>
....... Colorado Southern 2nd pfd.... I'.v.
r*plawar«» & Hudson 11">>i
Ptlawaie, I^ark & Western 175
Denver & Rio Grande 171/,
r>enver & Rio Grande pfd R4*;
Krle ~ M>%
TOO Krie 1st pM H2=i
S?.4 Oreat Northern pfd l'.l^
Hockini? Coal IV&
310 Hocking Valley 23
lT.fc^ JillnoiF Central lis^i
100 Io»"a 'Vntral 1T?4
....... Iowa Central pfd 47
4-jO Kan City Pitts &• Gulf H»;
Lak« Krie A- Western 26
Lake Erie & Western pfd SS
Lek» Fhor* 203
e,530 Ix>uiF\ilie & Xaebvllle 72*»
1,119 Manhattan L 87H
1.00 XetrepoUtan £t Ry 117%
IMinMiMHBiflfiaBlHBK
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — *4 S4Vz
Sterling Exchange, stxty days.... — 4 87
Sterling Cables - *.»
New York Exchange, sight .... — , 10
New York Exchange, telegraphio — 12H
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 61»i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4Si£ —
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were firmer and
Paris futures higher. Liverpool reported more
inquiry for spot Wheat.
Chicago opened at 80'^c and closed at Sl^c.
There were more buyers than sellers. Advices
Indicated considerable damace to Corn in
Northwestern Kansas and Southwestern Ne
braska. The damage is not yet serious aa re-
Kards the total crop. Cut there are grounds
for apprehension, as the weather continues un
favorable. Offerings of wheat were moderate
nnd the crowd was short. The outlook for the
French crop was reported favorable.
The local market was higher, both on and oft
C< Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07»4; milling, Jl 10®
1 12V-.. per ct £ ALL tjoARD^SALKS.
Informal Session— 9:15 "o'clock— December—
41*0 ctU $1 16',i: 2000. n 16<£; 12.000, $1 16%.
Second Session— December— 20OO ctls, Jl 16H-
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls. $1 16%.
1UKLEY- Offerings were larger, but the
market was firm, with a slight advance, both
on and off call.
Feed 70S72'Ac for No. 1 and Gowfn^c for oft
grades'; Brewing and shipping grades, 73@80c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No Bales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
74c- 4000 75c: 2000. 74 %c; 16.000. 74*ic.
Afternoon Session— 2000 ctls. 74%c.
OATS— The market continues very firm, with
ales at full figures. The Government demand
Is good.
White. U 15(91 30; Surprise, tl 27>S@1 33; Red.
Jl 07>.s©l 20; Gray. %\ 10@l 15; Black, fl 02>4@l 10
"cOUN— Eastern large Yellow, Jl 17«4@i 20
per ctl; Eastern White, $1 17%©1 20 per ctl;
Mixed. $1 15(21 nVt-
RYE— 92Vi@3Sc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and "WashlnKton. $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily., and *3 15®3 50 for bakers'; Eastern, |t 75@
5 75 per barrel. . •
MI LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacxs are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Kye
Meal 12 50; Rice Flour. *7: Corn Meal. J2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, $1 50; Horn
inv $3 50<fi3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $104 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina, H 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), J6®
7 25, In eaclts. $5 73@7: Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, fj; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Grain riay continues very firm, and prices
have moved up SOc again. Prospects are good
for a continued advance. Volunteer Hay con
tinues dull, but dealers think that the advance
In sown Hay will lead it. too, up before long.
Tlwe is nothing new. In Fecdstuffs!
BRAN— $12 50® 13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17(g20 per ton. '
PEEDSTCFFS- Rolled Barley, $16 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@:27; Jobbing. $27 50
«r?2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20??21: Corn Meal, $21 50;
Cracked Corn. $25:' Mixed Feed, \U. \
HAY— Wheat, $7 50W10 for common to eood,
$10 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat.v JS@10; Oat
$7«f9: Alfalfa. $5«f 7 50 per ton. -
¦ NEW HAY— Volunteer, $4 50«?-6 50; "Wheat. $7
(S3 50; Wheat and Oat, $7®S 50; Oat, $6R8 50;
Clover. $4 &0S6; Alfalfa. $307; Barley, ?3@-7 per
STRAW— 25@37V4c per bale.
Beans and Seeds. * .
Beyond the demand for large white Beans
already mentioned, there Is nothing new.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 85<?3; Small White, ?3 25®
3 40; large White. $2 75@2 90; Pink. $2 50@2 90;
Red. $2 50©3: niackeye. J2 50@3 75; Butters.
nomlr.ai; Lima, ti 30®5 40; Pea. *3 40®3 50; Red
Kidneys, |4@4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, rominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary. 3^c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern: r Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape,- 2ViS3c; Hemp, 4@4Vic; . Tlmo
ihy, 4@4Hc. .
's DRIED PEAS-Nlles, ?2 25@2 50; Green, $2 23
Q2 SO per ctl.
ARRIVED.
Monday. Jury 9.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. 9 days 17 hours from
Dutch H-irbor.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, 11 hours from Bowers
Landing.
Stmr"Scotia. Walvis. 2S hours from Creacent
City.
Stmr Empire. Nelson, 4SHi hours from Coos
Bay, etc.
Stmr Tlllamook, Hushes. 17 hours froin Fort
Brass.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro-. Ward. 30 days
from Hongkong, via Yokohama ID days, via
Honolulu 7 days.
Stmr Newport. Sannders. ID days 13 hours
from Panama and way ports.
Stmr Greenwood. Faserlund, O hours from,
Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gilboy. 84 hours from Ta.
coma.
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson. 24 hours from Alb'.an.
CLEARED.
Monday, July 9.
Stmr Bonlta, NIcolson. Saa Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Dolphin, O'Brien. Seattle: Klmball B 3
Company.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell. Panama, etc; P It
S S Co.
Ger bark J C Pfluger. Hoever. Queenstows;
G W McNear.
Br ship King David, Pryde, Que«natown; O
W McNear.
Br stmr Wellington. Salxnond. Oosiox: P.
Dunsmutr Sons Co.
Stmr I.'matllla. Cousins, Victoria, eta; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey. Cherr.alaus; J D
Spreckels & Eros Co.
SAILED.
Monday. July K
Stmr Geo Loomis. Badger. Ventura.
Stmr Vi H Kruger. Krog. .
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. .
Stmr Point Arena, Hanson, lleadodao.
Stmr Luella, Miller. .
Schr Ralph J Long. Isigkslt. Fish Rock, la
tow stmr Luella.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen. Coquill* Klver.
SPOKEN.
June 26. lat 25 N, lon 37 "VT— Br ship Lyd«r« '
horn, hence March S, for Liverpool.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, July 9— Br ship MjsMley Hall, from
Liverpool, for San Francisco, ia being towad
Into Montevideo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 9. 10 p to— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity II miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE-Arrlved July 8— Stmr Rosalie,
from Skasruay.
Sailed July 8 — Stmr Aberdeen, for Nome:
stmr Willamette, for San Francisco: itmr
Humbo'.dt. for Skaguay: U S stmr Iowa, for
Everett. July 9— Strr.r Senator, for Nome.
Sailed Juiy 9 — Ship Iroquoia, for Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July S— Stmr National
City, from Fort Brags.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July »-Scar La
Gironde, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSKND— Sailed inward July 9—
Schr F S RedSeld. from, Bristol Bay. for Ptirt
Ludlow.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July >-Bkta Gleaner.
for Sydney.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived July »— Schr
Newark, hence July S; »chr Bender Brothers,
hence July 7.
I'MPQL'AV Arrived July 5-Schx Sadie, heaca
*June 25.
EUREKA— Arrived July S— Stmr Orizaba.
hence July 7. •
Sailed July *-Tugr H H Buhne. for Saa Fran
cisco: stmr Orizaba, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 9— Stror Pasadena, from Saa
ASTORIA— Arrived July 9— Stmr Columbia,
Sailed July.*— Bkta Robert
Sudden, for Port Plrle.
COOS BAY— Arrived July »-Stmr Arcata.
he pORT U LUDLOW— Arrived July »— Schr P 3
Redfield, from Port Townsend.
HILO— Sailed June 2v-Barlc Anala Johnson,
for San Fmr.cisco.
PORT LOrf ANGELES— Arrived July 9— Schr
Wra Renton. from Tacorna
Sailed July 9— Stmr Alcatraz. for San Fran-
C! NEAH FAr-Fas?rd In July 9. at 9 a ra-i
Stmr Le.kme. from Dutch Harbor, for Seattle. J
UMPQU A— Sailed July 7— Schr Lucy. Xor SaT?
MAHITKONA-Sa!l?.1 Juna K-Schr John O
North for S.in Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 21— Jar> Bttnr NI->
prm Mara. Trom lokohama: ship Marion Chil
cott, frwrn NewemrtJe, Aus. June 22— Br st-rr
Stnthjryle. from Yokohama; Br stmr M->a-ii
from Sydney: hktn Ome^a. from Tocopllla
bark W B Flint, from New York; bark lj>u
isiana. from Newcastle, auj.. June :+_u s
stmr Thomas, hence June 17. June ;5_Oer bir^-
PolMe. from Hamburg; schr James Rolnh from
Newcastle Aus. June 20-Bktn Katie Filckin
per. from Tacoma Jur^ 2D-Stmr Chir.a, he-xX
June C. June M-Stmr City of Klo do 3a
netro. from Yokohama. *
Sailed June 21-Jap strr.r Honjrkcnj? Mara for
Yokohama. Jun,e 22-p r stmr Moana. for'Pan
Francisco. June 23-Eark Edward Mav for <£*
Francisco: ship Standard, for Port TowS,"1
Juno 2.V-Bark B P Rlthet. for Pan FrancNco"
June ?7-Fr war stmr Protet. for Maraue^^
June 2S-1Jktn Archer, for Kan SSi^o^fl
stmr Thomas. . fcr Manila. Jur.a 23-l S tm?
China, for Yokcliama. ~»— ~uar
FOREIGN PORTS.
0^-p^ia d nd JU 0? 7 ~ Fr «** «««!
fC ? A A R c?pu^o: Sane<1 Jul^' 7 -^ -Wp.PtwU.ee.
MELCOUnSE- Arrived prior to July «_p-.-. r
Fresno, from Port GamMeT * •—Bark
noyKJt-Passed July 6-Ital Ship Mctnt Pir
SHANOHAI-Salled Hay 6-Br bark vn*, fi
so'n D ° rt Jun<> =7 ~ Br bark - p y rea «*». for
CHICAGO, July 9.— The trade In wheat was
fairly active and rather nervous because the
monthly Government report is due to-morrow.
That it will reduce the Spring Wheat Is accept
ed as a fact. The. market opened easy, Sep
tember Uii^sc depressed. This was because
Liverpool was lower and there was cooler
weather In the Northwest. Following that the
tone was firm. Liverpool, which had 'shown
some loss early, recovered and closed %d per
cental improved. Corn was strong. These two
factors, with Corn the more influential, caused
a steady but rather quiet advance which suf
lered few checks. Tnese were, by no means
startling. The market lor September clamber
ed tu M'.ic and closed tirm vie over Saturday at
81c. •
Corn was active and at time broad. Every
thing offered was bought. Dry weathec in
Kansas and other portions 1 * of the corn belt, *
2-cent advance for spot at Kansas City and
insignificant country acceptances were the
causes. September closed *s<f/ 1 ,4<s up.
Oats followed Corn for the most part. Sep
tember closed v«c better.
Provisions sympathized . with the Corn
'strength. The Hog market was steady and re
ceipts at the yard moderate and there was an
absence of influential selling which last week
was fcomewhat tiepreFslng. September Pork
closed iOfi^'ic over Saturday, -Laid 12!£!jjl5o.
up and Ribs 12'«c higher. '
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. Hieh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 73% 79% 7S% 79Vj
August 79' /S SOig 73 M\ t
September iu H% 7u?i &1
Corn No. 2 —
July 43*i 44^; 43*4 43?4
August 43^ 44» 4# 43?« 44V a
Se|itcml>er 44V» 4o 43;» 41?*
Oats No. 2—
July 24 24U .24 24 .
August 23?i 24Vs ZJ% 24"«,
September 24 24^ 23 > 8 24 Vj
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 12 70
September 12 82V4 12 S7'.i 12 72V4' 12 S7>S
I-ard, per 100 lbs —
July.. 6 S2»4 6 90 6 S2'/i 6 90
September 6 92% 7 00 6 O2',i 7 00
October « 95 7 02U 6 Da 7 02'i
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 CO 7 10 7 00 7 10
September 7 00 7 10 7 00 7 10
Carh quotations were as follows: Flour, firm:
No 3 spring wheat. 73V.c; No. 2 red. SlVi'^tS2c;
No. S corn, 44'M/44Hc; No. 2 yellow. 44>,iB »4%,;;
No. 2 oats. 24Vi<?i24*ic; No. 2 white, 2tP/i<527c;
No. 3 white, 26!&26-%c; No. 2 rye, tiOc; fair to
choice malting barley, 45@46c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$l Wj; No. 1 NorthweEtern. Jl 80: prime tlmolhy
seed, *3 10; mess pork, per barrel. $11 95<g"12 75;
short ribs sides (loose), $6 95&7 25; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), C%'&'7c; short clear Bides
(br.xed), $7 35@7 45; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 23; clover, contract grade. $8.
Articles — "Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 8.0V0 30,0ii0
Wheat, bushels 38,000 43.00)
Com. bushels 4S1.000 9S1.000
Oats, bushels 307.000 . 235.200
Rye, bushels 2,000
Barley, bushels 3.000 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the bJtte.
market was steady; creamery, 15®MHe; dairy,
14© 17c. Cheese, firm; 9V6S10V*c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 10%c.
TO SAIL
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There was a moderate business In local
stocks and bonds on the morning ses3lon and
Gas and Electric sold up to J49.
The oil stocks were neglected.
In the afternoon there was a fair business In
local securities at about the morning's prices.
Sierra Nevada Is assessed 15 cents.
The Commercial Publishing Company has de
clared a regular quarterly k i per cent, also an
extra dividend of 4 per cent upon the capital
stock, payable now.
Dividends will be paid to-day as follows:
Pacific Gas Improvement Company. 33 cents;
San Jose Water Company, iM cents; Giant
Powder Company. 75 cents; Paauhua Sugar
Company, 30 cents.
MONDAY. July 9. 2 p. m.
Bld.Adit. I Bi-t a>k
U S Brnd* — ' Equit G Li Co. 3Ts <}+
4s quar coup.. 113-14 — Mutual El Co. — 13'i
4s do reg — - OGL&H.. 4S'i «K
4s do CD new..l?.3"il3t'i, I'ac uas Imp.. 47 —
3s quar coup..l09>*Uu I I'ac I, Co 43»i 441J
Miaccllanr, u»~ S F G & E 4S*i —
Cal-st Cab as.. 116'a — !-an Francisco. 4S 5
C C Water Oa. — 103 fctkn G & E Co 10 —
Kd 1. i r 6a..l2s>4 — liurar&D**—
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — US Flrem's Fund.22S —
Geary-6t R as. — 99 Hunk riio*-K»—
H C &. S 5fcs. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 66 —
Do 5« — — I«ank of Cal... — —
L A Ry 5s.... — .105U Cal S D & T..105 —
LALi Co b«. — — Klrst National — 230
Do entd 63.. — — Lon P & A 132 —
L A tntd os. ..100 — Merchants' Ex la —
L A P R R 5s. — 101% Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 6s. .123 — Savings Banks —
Do 1st M 5S.11SXH9 Ger S & L.....1S3O —
N C N O R 7s. — — Hum S & L.. — —
N It of Cal 63.112 — Mut Sav Bk... 45 —
Do 5s — IIS ¦ S F Sav U....505 —
N V C K K »s.l-'l — Sav & L. So.... 71 78
Do 5a 105 — Sec 9av Bk — —
N Cal it R tis.m — Union T Co.... — —
Oak G L&HSs.llt W.i Street Raliroada—
Oak Tran 6s. .113 116 California 122'/i —
Oak W Co os.. — 104 Oeary-gt s» —
Oceanic S Co.. lOSUlO*^ 'Market-st Ry.. 63 63»i
i>rr «. Ky i*..ia> — O S 1. Jfc U.... — **?J
P & Cl Ry 6s.lO2 — tPresidlo 16 —
P & O R K 6s. 115 — I Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 68.120 — California — 1«o
Sa<- 1^ * rjR.%9. — — Giant Con Co. SVi 83
S F &. SJV Ss.llSii — |Vigorlt 2T S 3'i
B Ry of Cal 63.111 — fc>W rrocn*—
S P of A 6s... 1U — Hana S P Co. gu s%
tifC «s(laus>.uu 110T4 Haw C & 3 C. R3> 4 90
Do (1906) 111V4113 Honokaa S Co 32% 33^
Do (1912) ....119 12214 Hutch S P Co. 24-S —
>5PRC Iatgnt5s — — KUauea S Co. 1'jTj 20
r« P Br Ss 130 — Makawell S Co 46?i 47
IS V Water 6S.113 — Onomea S Co. — 2TU.
Do 4s 103U103X Paauhau S Co. 31 31%
Do 3d mtg ..10Ui — J»i~cf ilaneou*—
Stocktn Gas Cs 93>k. - Al Pack Assn.ll7?£113
Water stock*— - Cal Fruit Asn. 96 100
Contra Costa.. 71H 72 Mer Ex Assn.. 97 jm»
Marin County. 50 — Oceanic S Co. — 93'i
Spring: Valley. — S5 Pac A F A.... -- —
Gas & fciiecirlc— Pac C Bor Co. 130 —
cent- <"} T, Co.. — — Par Palm Co.. W —
Cent L & P Co 4U —
Morning Session.
Board—
E0 Contra Costa "Water 71 50
100 Equitable Gas 4 00
200 Hutchinson S P Co 24 50
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5s Bonds 104 S7V:
10 Market-street Railway 6.! 37«
10 Paauhau S P Co 31 ;.>
F.0 SF Gas & Electric Co 4S 73
75 S F Gas & Electric Co Ai oo
>1000 S P of A Bonds Ill 23
• 13 SprlnR Valley Water 94 S7V
2 Spring Valley Water 9.", 00 '
25 Spring Valley Water 91 73
Street—
F0 Giant Powder Con 87 50
30 Hutchinson S P Co 24 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
! r. Alaska Packers' Assn 11" 62M
1 Alaska Packers" Assn 117 75
10 Contra Costa Water 71 (W
5 Contra Costa Water 71 73
50 Hana Plantation Co 8 fi2^
25 Honokaa S Co...>. 32 7o '
10 Hutchinson S P Co 2» :«rt
10 Market-street Railway 63 23
J10C0 Market-et Ry Con 3s Bonds Us 50
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 CO
Street—
$1000 S P of A Bonds Ill 23
13 Spring Valley Water 94 87Vj
£>00 U S 4 per cent Bonds (coup) 114 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — . . - : ;
100 San Joaquin 3 19
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 San Joaquin 3 23
MINING STOCKS.
.The following were the Bales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belch. 28 1 400 Hale & Norcra S3
200 Bullion 05 BOO Ophir 70
100 Chollar 2C 700 Savage 21
100 Con Cal & Va 1 ;>o SCO Sierra Nevada 20
50 Con Cal & Va 1 S3 1C0 Standard 4 2)
5C0 Gould £. Curry 271 500 Yellow Jacket. 16
Afternoon Session.
150 Alta 961 100 Savage ID
S00 Bullion 0i\ COO Seg Belcher .. ol
100 Con New York 03 400 Sierra Nevada 2S
200 Gould & Curry 28 400 Utah 13
100 Gould & Curry 23 200 Yellow Jacket. 14
The followlns were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
600 Alpha Con 05 500 Ophir n
100 Best & Belch. 271 600 Potosl ... * is
SiTO Chollar 19 1500 Savage * »o
100 Con Cal & Va EH Sno Savage .... is
300 Crown Point.. (3 100 Sierra Nevada '0
200 Gould & Curry 2sl 600 Sierra Nevada 2?
700 Gould & Curry 27 600 Sierra Nevada "i
700 Oould & Curry 2S »H> Silver Hill J«
S00 Hale & Norcr3 £ loco Union Con •>!
200 Justice C. art) Yellow Jacket* 15
500 Mexican r 2C0 Yellow Jacket. 15
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes C3 COO Ophir -n
2C0 Best & Belch.. 23 SCO Potosl "* i«
200 Chollar ..•...*.. 20 2C0 Savage /"""" , 0
200 Chollar 13 Mo Savajte --"**-** ia
200 Con Cal & Val 52H 200 Silver Hill ii*
200 Hale & Norcrs 3o 00 Sliver Hill 45
£00 Justice 07 200 Silver Hill * 4"
"200 Justice/ OS SCO Yellow Jacket! 13
THE STOCK MARKET.
Charters.
The Bee'hbar.k loads wheat for Europe.
The F. P. nfdtifM loads lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu.
Wheat Shipment.
The British bark King David cleared yes
tc-r<'.ay for Qaeenstovn for orders, with sn,724
c.lF wheat raided at tSCCOO, and 2'./»00 ft lum
ber dunnage valuo.l at t37S; total value, $S7,1.j.
Flour Shipment.
The Genr.an hark J. C Pfluper cleared y-<=
terday for (juwnnnu-n for or<1<*rs. with 15.075
bbls flour, valued at $4'<.<vji. and W.onti ft lum-
Ur <iun!ia?H, \alue-1 at S3no; total value, $i9,330.
Merchandise for Central America.
Th*» Ftparoer Acapulco Failed yesterday for
JC*w Yi'-k. \ia Panama, with a general cargo
mar-iffsted as follows:.
For Central America. $34,209: for New York.
j!CS,lf.3; total value. I20Z.S42. AmonR the prin
cipal fhifnients w«re inc'.uded the following:
Ft Central America— 5 pkss electrical sup
rlKs, 711 crs onions. 15S crs potatoes. 5140 Tbs
lard. *¦> os paste, i-0 cs SI bbls tallow. 211 cs
coal nil. 23 os canned c<vvds. 27 os stationery,
2T21 Msla fl^ur. 9 o* OniSS. 20 bMs tar. 19 cs
hardware. 4S.7t"i ft lunber. 10 cs turj>entine.
?0 cs canned :ruit. l r «> t^ks nialt, 4 rollr. leather,
:42''' k:«!h wir.e. Q£A n>!= rice, M kejrs gunpowder,
f2^ "•!- soda. 2S5 pkps pr>ceries and provisions,
42 fs dry poods. 2 oyln ammonia. 2fi cs oil. 30
bMi= foa'p cr<-aFf, CS43S His rice. £J eg soap.
12 pkee t>ottled Ijeer. 11 bdls pat>er. 9 or? s<?w
inp machine*, '¦* photograph material. 11
bbl« resin, 1" cs starch. 2.'. pScga brooms. 121
< rs parllr. 61 Fks c«ke. Tt'O DM copper plate.
J30 cs car.dles. 5T.33 pals al<-ch<jl. 17i3 railroad
tiep. 17li tons coal, 4". reels barbed wire, S csks
chain. In transit— 7 cs curios, 0 crs crude
cpium. B cs t-ilk; value J.VJO.
Fit New Tork— MM pals brandy. 73 bbls as
rhaltum. 134,461 pals wine. 10 bbls lead dross.
9 sks boma. 2'A) bales wool. 10U cedar logs, 6
Weather Report.
(XTJih Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 9. 5 p. m.
The fallowing maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka C2 Red Bluff 100
Mount Tamalpals.... M Sacramento f-
Ind^pendence !* San Luis Obispo SO
Fre-no ...1>> San Diego <W
I»s Angeles fc-2
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
£2; minimum. 51: mean. 66.
WE\TIIEH CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The iressure has fallen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific sloi-e. During the
past 24 fc^urs there has been a. fall of more
than two-tenths of an Inch over Northern Ore
pun nnd Southern Washington. The tempera
ture hap ris<'n slowly over the northern half of
the ooaft. In the gr^at valleys of California
the temperatures continue high. In the San
J'-aiuin Valley the temperatures are about 11
dejn<-es above" the normal. . Temperatures ex
ceeOing 1<X» degrees are rej>orted a.t many points
In California and Arizona.
Fog 1« reported along the central coast of
California.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for 30 hours
trio 1 in* mi.inight July 10, 1&00:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettle-1
•weaihrr in northern i>ortion. fair In southern
portion Tuesday; fresh westerly winds with
tog on the court..
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; continued
w«ri:i vi tather.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona — Fair Tuesday; continued warm.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday;
l'.cht northtrly, changing to brisk westerly,
winds, with fojr in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
1.050 Mexican Central H"i |
$10 Minn & St Ix>uis 51 ,
If") Minn & Ft Louis pfd M |
7,3'iO Missouri Pnrinc M» ]
." Mobile & Ohio 36.
1<VJ Missouri. Kan A Texas 1° j
?W Missouri, Kan &. Texas prefd 31S* I
540 New Jersey ontral "- 9 1
?1>1 New York Ontral 127*4 j
4.260 Norfolk & Western 31%
Norfolk «i Western pfd 77
8,715 Northern Pacific Wi
:ss Northers P;uine pfd <0^4 j
400 Ontario & Western l' ( '»
Orecoo Railway & Navigation 42 j
Oregon Railway & Nav pfd^ 76
2.64.'i Pennsylvania 127 1 ;
2W Reading H
S.SiV) Readir? 1st pfd 69%
2.40<:i Reading 2nd pfd 29
Rio Gramle Western E9?4
Rio Grar.fie Western pfd S7
300 Pt Iyii:ls ft Pan Francisco 9
St Louis & San Fran l«t pfd 65
Pt. l^iiiis ard Han Fran 2d prefd 32
2iv> St Louis, Southwestern 9?i
3*0 St Ijnul*, Southwestern pfd 24U
. S.210 St Paul HHs
St Taul pfd IT'l'i
St Paul &• Omaha 110
J.O50 Southern Pariflc 31S
61« Southern Railway , IO?»
W'» Southern Railway pfd ' r >i)%
2m Texas & Pacific 14V,
6,01'> I'nion Pacific B0% j
220 Union Pacific pfd 72 s *
Wabash 7
123 AVabas-h pfd l""i
220 Whoelir.p * L E S^i
W & L E 2nd pfd 22%
100 AViscnnsin Central 13',-j
Kxpress Companies —
Adarr.s 115
American 150
United States 45
Well'-Farpo 120
Miscellaneous —
l"0 American Cotton Oil 33'i
.W) American Cotton Oil prefd 87
l'JO American Malting 3'
American Malting prefd lS'J.
Amer SmeltinR & Refining 36'i J
\n:er Smelting & Refining prefd S7 T s
American Spirits l's
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hocp l' 1^ ',
1C0 American Steel Hoop prefd 67 j
American Steel & Wire 32Ti j
American Steel & Wire prefd 72>.i
Sf-O American Tin Plat? 20H; !
6C0 Anifrlcan Tin Plate prefd 74Vi
1,362 American Tobacco 91
American Tobacco prefd 125
Anaconda Mining Co 3SVa
13,3?0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 61
Colorado Fuel & Iron 32Vi
Continental Tobacco 24' 2
Continental Tobacco prefd 77 1 *
1.250 Federal Steel S2H
>00 Federal Steel prefd 65U
LOW General Electric 130
125 Glucose Sugar 47^
Glucose Sugar prefd 93
330 International Paper 21!i
International Paper prefd 64
Laclede Gas ...» 70
210 National Riscuit 2SU
"29 National Riscuit prefd SO
National Lead 1SU
National Lead prefd \ 9." 1 -;
S0O National Ste«>l 23
130 National Stcfl prefd s:!>i
New York Air Crake 13S
North American 15'i
Pacific Coast 51'j
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 62
Pacific Mail 2<;?4
2.210 People's Gas 98
2W Pressed Steel Car 44
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 72
Pullman Palace Car ISO
Standard Rope & Twine 5
14.1S5 Sugar U«%
Sugar prefd » 11">
2.S35 Tennessee Coal & Iron CC»i
240 I'nited States Leather RT»
259 T'nitpd States Leather prefd fi7
1.250 United States Rubber 23
United States Rubber prefd P2
Western Union SO
150 Republic Iron & Steel 11
325 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 53 >*
P C C & St Louis 59
160 Third Avenue 103
242,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U R refunding 2s M. KitT 2nds.... 63
when issued reg.lC3 Do 4s R9Ti
Do coupon 103 N" Y Cent lsts 10S I
U S 2« reg W0 N J C eon 5s 120<i
Do 3s reg 108)4 Nor Pae 3s C.'.^
Do 3s coup 1W, Da 4s 104' 2
Do new 4s reg...n:;» 4 N Y. CfeSL 4s. .106.
Do new 4s coup.. 133"« Nor & W con 4s... W t
Do old 4s reg.. ..114'- Or Nav lsts ..107
Do old 4s coup...ll4H D" 4s ..101V4
Do 5s reg 113V4 Or S Line 6s 127V t
Do 5s coup 113',4 Or S Line con 5s. .111^
Dist of Col 3 65s. ..123 Reading Gen 4s.... £7%
Atch gen 4s 101^ Rio G W lsts 98
Do adj 4s Mi* St L & I M con §*. 109ft
Can So 2nds lOTJi St L & S F gen 6s. 121
Ches & Ohio 4'is.. 2!» St Paul cons 1CS
Do 5s W,\ St P. Chi & P lsts.n«'i
Chi A- N con 7s....l40H Do 5s il.N'i
C & N S F Deb 5s.llS*i ! So Pacific 4s 7S"i
Chi Term 4s 92'i'Sa Railway 5s 10S>»
Col .So 4s S4"i Stan R & T 6s.... 70
Den & Rio G lsts..lC2 Tex & Pac lsts.. .11 2
Do 4s S7 Do 2nds 55
Erie Gen 4s 6S»i Union Pacific 4s.. .105
F W & Den C 1Mb 71 Wabash lsts 115$;
Gen Elect Bs 114 Wabash 2nds 101*i
Iowa Cent lsts 113V4 West Shore 112
K C. P & G ets.... 71 Wis Cent lets 87
Louisville & Nash- iVa Centuries 90
ville unified 4s.. S7 1 ; !
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lVOntario 6 50
Crown Point 07 Ophir 6S
Con Cal & Va 1 40 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry.... 10 Do prefd 100
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 29
HomeMake 50 00 Standard 3 50
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 20
Mexican lSIYellow Jacket .... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — I Union Pac 1554
Call loans 2«4<S53 |West End 92^
Time loans 3 I . S @4'4| Bonds-
Stocks— ' AtchlH-jn 4s ........100
A, T & Rt Fe 2~j\ N E Gas & C 5s.. 03
Do r-refd 717jj Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar HG^i Adventure 2
Do prefd 115 lAUouex Mining Co 1
Boston & Albany.244 |AmaI Copper So'i
Boston Elev lT'',i' Atlantic 22
Roston &. Maine. .1SS i Hcstou &. Mont.. ..295
Chi Dur & Q 124»; ! Butte & Boston. ..S60
IX>minion CoaJ 3X i Calumet & llecla.730
Federal Steel 32 s ; Centennial 16
Do prefd fc< IFranklin ..* 1214
Fitchburg prefd...l37H|Osceola .....'. €2
flen Eelectrlc UiMi i Parrot 40'.i
Mexican Cent II LQulncy 13 r ,
Michigan" Tel S5 Santa Fe Copper.. 13S
N E Gas & Coke., li'i ITamarack ISO
Old Coluny 202 ll'tah Mining SM-i
Old Dominion 17'.i!Wlnona 2*i
Rubber -'3 i \Volvcrines S6
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK. July 9.— Money on ca.ll easy at
VifilK per cent; last loan, 1V6 per cenC Prime
mercantile paper, 3% 94 '.4 per cent. Sterling
exchange firm, with actual business In hankers'
bills at ?4 S-i'i for demand and at $4 M'M 84'.;
for slxtv <lay&; posted rates. $4 K7.'i4 S7'4; cora
merrial billF. ?4 E2HQI S3V4. Silver certificates,
6P;i!it2%c. Bar silver. 61? 4 c. Mexican dollars,
<SUc. Government bonds, irregular: State
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
London Market.
NEW TOrtK. July 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertlser"« London financial cablegram say^:
The markets here to-day were more casnrful,
inspired by the good news not only from China,
; but from the Transvaal and Kumassi. An In
1 i -n-as" in the amount of business *.vas pre
: vented, howtver, by the impending settlement
, to-morrcw.
! London ehowed an inclination to buy Amerl
i cans, but the movement was checked when the
absenf-e of support was noticed. Baltimore and
Ohio was sold, while New York Central spurted
on New York buying. . ¦
The bank sold £61,000 gold in French coin
and received from Australia ££8.000,
NEW YORK. July 9.— FLOUR— Receipts, 1S.-
Pfi5 barrels; exports, 12,986 barrels; sales. 8400
packages: fairly active and firm on spring
patent?, but quiet otherwise.
WHEAT— Receipts, 10,675 bushels: exports.
I0.C75 bushels; sales, 3.S50.0OO bushels futures,
1^0,000 export; spot market firm; No. 2 red.
S8^c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, &,%c elevator;
No, 1 Northern I>uluth. Ou'-fcc f. o. b. atioat to
arrive; Xu. 1 hard Duluth. 92%c f. o. n. afloat
to arrive. Options opened weak through local
and^ foreign selling, but rallied later and were
flrtr. most 'of the day on higher cables, a de
crease of ths visible, covering of the shorts
and Fympathy with corn. Closed firm at >4@
vs? net ad\ance; July. R5?i£iR6"gc. closed at
t-y"»c: September, S4',itfS5M;C, closing at 85%c;
October, 85®.Su%c. clused at 85%c; December,
S5g$64c, closed at SCUc.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
W< iOL— O.uiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio steadj-; futures closed Ir
regular, with priceg 10 lower to 5 points higher;
total sales, 41.7."0 bags, including July. $7 SO©
7 K.; August. $7 fcOfrS; September. $7 9T><8S 10;
October. iS ir.'fiS 15; November. $S ]">!pS 20; De
cember, ?S 2>~"!iS 50: January, $S iC'QS 55; March,
$8 6<K»iS 7.*i; May, fS "oftS 30.
SUGAR— Raw, strong and held higher; re
fined, strong; No. 6. 5.50c; No. 7, 5.45c; No. 8,
5.4'Jc: No. 9. 5.3.-.c: No. 10. 5.30c; No. 11, 5.25c;
No. 12, 6.2<V; No. 13, 6.20c ; No. 14, 5.20c; stand
ard A, 5.S0c; confectioners' A, 5.80c; mold A,
6.2.1c; cut loaf, 6.4»e; powdered, 6.10c; granu
lated, tie: cubes, 6.15c.
BUTTER— Receipts. P740 packages; steady:
creamery, l'^i l'J^c; factory, 14(?}16Vic.
EGGS— Receipts. 8012 packages; steady; WeBt
ern, at mark. lOfil-c lor average lots; Western,
loss off, l4iii4ViC.
DRIED FRUITS
An easy undertone prevailed In the market
for evaporated apples owing to the large offer
ings of choice and fancy grades. At the close,
however, prices were unchanged from Satur
day's, close. California dried fruits were weak
and nominally lower.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
2'.ii(<. r >c; prime, 5'4(f(5<2c; choice. 5K@6Hc; fancy,
76§7 Vie.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. USHc: Moorpark, 15<s?17c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographfc Office. V. S. M.. Mer.
rhant< Exchange. San Francisco, tai..
The time ball was dropped to-day about 8
seconds fast. _ _.-_ T> .e
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant CnTrm»iv!>r. T7. S. N'.. In charjft "•?
the early rcornins tides are given In tta left
hand column and the successive tide s of th*
day In the order of occurrence as to t!tne. 1 M
second time c«!urr.n gives the s f^ ond h ." d * .?"
the day. the third time column the "»«•* WJ
and ttV last or rlgm hand column R«ve» -^
last tide of the day. except whet; there are b. it
thr>e tides, as sometimes occurs. The helKhw
given are In addition to the soundings on l. ; .>
1-nl'ed States Coast Survey charts *W
when a. minus sign (— ) precedes the J? e '=^
and then the number *lven N »»W«ctrf from
the depth Riven by the charts. The P^* r ; c
re'e-enee (9 the m«n of th> Inw-r l"w wat>r^
Coffee in good demand and firm.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley higher again.
Oats firm. Corn and Rye dull.
Another advance in Hay. Feedstuff s as before.
No further change in Beans.
Cottolenc marked up.
Provisions dull and unchanged.
Potatoes steady and Onions xceak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs steady, but dragging.
Tzi'o cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Fresh and Dried Fruits about the same.
Hogs less firm, but no lower.
Sugar continues to advance.
Receipts of Produce. \
, , ,, . ,. 1
• FOR MONDAY, JULY 9.
Flour, qr sks 22,40i ; nran. sk3 '£"
Wheat, ctls 3.1S0 Siicar, sks -.5^1
Parley, ctls 6, 0?.O W-ne. gals lp ,il
I>at9, ctls 4,410 leather, rolls JJ
Cheese. ctl3 65 Lime, bbls 3 Ji
Butter, ctls 97 Chicory, bbls >^ »
Tallow, ctls 301 Ekss, dozen 16.«-'»
Heans. sks 3 Hay. tons S35
Potatoes, sks 2,S3i> Pelts, bdls «
Onions, sks 300 Hlde«. No 530
Middlings, sks.... K3 Short3, sks «*>
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 9.92'J Oats. ct!s 320
AVheat, ctls....... 2.2501 Middlings, sks... 4JO
Bran, sks 504 1 Wool, bales H
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern came in, selling at $6 23?/>
6 75 for Hens and $34^5.30 for old Roosters. Lo
cal stock was. nominal, as ii.-ual on Monday.
POULTRY-Live Turkeys, lt@llc for Gob
blers and lliSillii^e for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1
<Q1 25; Goslings Jt 5O*T1 73: Ducks. $3 5<Xg4 for
old and J4®4 5<i for young: Hens. t4@5;. young
Rooster*. $5 i>C,<$,5; old Roosters. $4(?4uO; Fryers.
fifii; Broilers, J.'J'iTa 50 for larse and ?2 25#2 7o
lor small; Pigeons. $150 per dozen for old and
51 75 for Sauabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The best grades of Butter, Eggs and Cheese
are steady, with indications of an ultimate ad
vance, but the market at the moment is dull
and dragging, with plenty of Btock on Land.
mjTTfc.1.—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, JS%@19c; sec
onds, i7y.(RiSc.
Dairy—" Fancy, 16Hc; good to choice. 15%@16c;
common, 14i»15c.
CHEESE— New. S"^g:5c: Toung America, 9V4
®10i:; Eastern, 16<gl7c; Western, 15(gl6c per R>.
EGGS— Quoted at UffUc for store and la®
17'/ic per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14Q14 l ,ic
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Apricots in bulk were rather easier, but
Peaches and Pears kept up. Melons sold
high. The few Grapes that same in brought
steady prices. There were plenty of Plums for
the demand. Berries continued cheap.
Limes were higher, under decreased stocks,
but Lemons continued weak.
Cherries are about gone. They sold first
rate this year.
DECULTlOUri FRUITS—
APRICOTS— 20-56IOC per box and crate: In
baskets, 20@35e: in bulk 2-S3C per lb to the
trade and JlOf/20 per ton to the canners.
APPLES— 2;iiI3oc per basket and 35cgSl for
large boxes; Gravensteins, 73c® U 23; Crab
arnlps, 40@50e per box.
PKARS— 25(S7.1o per box; Eartletts, 75c^$l 2o.
PLUMS— 2O4f40c per box and crate and Z0@35e
per basket; in bulk. S10-S15 per ton; Prunes,
30fi63c per crate and 20«35c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— $2©3 50 per chest for
lar<*e and J2f»4 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— *3®5 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2S? I per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES-$7 per chest.
Oi:RRAXTS-$l 6*?3 60 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7'aSc per lb.
I,'IGS_p er box. 25<S40c for single and 6O.5.0C
for double layers.
NECTARINES— White, 23Q50C per bov, red
° PEACHES— S5iff60c per box and 40S65c per
bnsket for common and 40fJ7T.c per box and
,4Cffi75c per basket for Crawfords.
ORAPES— Seedless. from Arizona, $1 aOa
1 7r> per crate. Fontainebleau, from yacaville,
- MELONS— Nutmesr, per case from Ari :
zona and 75c®|2 for nearby; Cantaloupes, Si .o
per crate for Indio and $-W4 for \ acaville.
Watermelons, from Indio, $2 50 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings. :.Oc©$l aO; bt.
Michaels, %\'SZ; Valencias. $1 50@2; Lemons. SI
50 for common and $2^3 for koou to choice;
Mexican Limes. $4 50®$5: Bananas. ,oc(5$2 SO
per bunch; Pineapples, $1 uOtfS i«0 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Reports from the large Prune districts are
that the hot spell of last week colored up the
fruit rapidly, and it is reported dropping more
or le-s Sizes will be unusually irregular th's
vear with the small sizes predaminatlng.
There is nothing new in the other 'ruits.
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes. In sacks,
«i««Vtc for 40-30>, 3^4«4c for r.O-60's. S«4«3%c
for W-70'f .. SU"fi3%c for 70-80's. 3<ff3<4c for S0-90- 8
and "*i«3o for DO-100-s. Peaches. 4%<S4»ic for
«mndard« Be for choice and 5ViS6c for fancy;
lVeled reaches. 10©12V4o! Evaporated Apples,
ggte; lun-drled. W*Q per lb: Pears. Vfi&Mo
fAr dark and 7fiSc for bright halves: Black
Fi-s l*i©?c: White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plunis, 7Hc; Unbleached Plums. 6c for pitted
And 1V.C for unpltted.
NEW CROP-Apricots, 60-7V4C per lb.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy^ per
lb 19c* choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 6c: un
b'eached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancv per lb. S^c; choice, 7'jc; standard. 6^4c;
nrime' 5c unbleached Sultanas, oc: Seedless,
fil) lb boxe« 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5Hc;
3 crown' 6Uc: 4-crown. 7c: London Layers.
2 crown! Jl 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
cluster- $2- Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. J3. All
prices are t. o. b. at common shipping points
mitts— -Walnuts. SSi9c for Standards and 9@
10c for -oftshells; Almonds, HVi@12o for paper
shell g'alOc for soft and 4(25= for hardshell:
Peanut* oSi^^c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts. 7H«i^c: Filberts, 12S12V4c;
IVcans llQWc: Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HOVEY— Comb. 12^^*130 for bright and II*®
i»e for light amber: water white, 7U@7Uc: light
amtX extracted. 6*iS7c; dark. 6c per lb.
BEESWAX-24G26C per lb.
Provisions.
CotU'ene Is marked up. Other prices stand
the eiime. The market is dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10@10Vic per lb for
heavy miSlOVio for light medium, ll%c for
lleht 12^4c for extra light and 14>*c for suga^
cured Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12ft 13c;
Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess, J13; Fam
llv J14 - extra Prime Pork. $1T>; extra clear, $13;
Mess $16 t,0; Smoked Beef, 12H©13c per lb.
L TTiD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb' for com
pound and 8 l ,jc for pure: half-barrels, pure,
S*ic- 10-lb tins. 9VJc: 5-lb tins. 9^c.
'c.GTTOLP-iNK— One half barrel. 8T«e; three
half barrels. 8%e; one tierce. S%c; two tierces,
SK.C- five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HlDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
3V4c; medium, 8Mj@3c; light. 8%c: Cowhides.
SHc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8V4c; Calf, 9^c; Dry
Hidee, sound. 16c; culls and brands, 13c; Dry
Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 16c; Sheepskins. Shear
lines 20<g3l'c each: short \\ool, 30if?50c each
medium. 60®S0c: long Wool. 90c@*l 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt, J2©2 2d for large, Jl 75 for
medium. U f°r small and BOc for colts: Horse
Hides, dry, Jl &° for lar se, Jl 25 for medium, |i
for Bmall and 25(S50c for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins, 35c ; fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; largo and smooth',
50c; medium. 85c. \y
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3c: refined, 6%c; greaae, 2@2»ic.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 15@16c: Northern defective, 13®
15c; Middle County, free, 15®17c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 13©15c: Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 12613c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. •U®'-13c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', 10@lIc; Humboldt and Mendoclno
17®19c; Nevada, 14@17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 5@10o per lb; new, 9®l6c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are a trifle easier, but no lower. Some
have been comlntr In from the East. Other
meats are as before.
BEEF— 5@6Vlc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 8>4©9Vic; small. 9?2@10Hc per
pound. ; v!
MUTTON— Wethers, 7',4®8V4c; ewes, l<&Vric
per lb.
LAMB— Spring:. 8%@9c per* lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6!fi'6V»c for small, 5*l©5"ic
for medium and 5V6@j*«c for large^stock Hojfa
and feeders, o',^c; dressed Hogs, SijJSc.
General Merchandise'.
NEW TORK, July O.-Porter Bros. Com
pany's Kales of California fruit were as follows:
Plums— Abundance.- 3i>Si-40c single crates; I5ur
bar.ks, ;;c*;Jl 13; Peach. 2:.cQ?l 15: r\ £»•• Ecjj
75c; Royal Hative. 25©50ci California red, 7.'c
fa$2 20; Satsuma. BSc; Wlck'sorf. $1 10@3 20;
Japan, eoc. Prunes— Tragedy. ioTi'oc single
crates. Peaches— Hales. 26@70c box; St. John.
45@75c box and 35ft 4 Jc single crates; Karly <-raw r
fords, T5q®$1 15 box. Apricots— aioorpark, *oc
single crates, figs— SOc box. Pears— Congress,
$1 :>5 half boxes- Bartletts, $1 :'/<j 1 4:. half boxes.
CHICAGO. July !*.— Porter BKW. Cumpany s
sales of California fruit were: mines— Tragedy,
70c'u?l single crates; Simonf, 35@70c. Plums—
Burbanks. BOc®$l single crates; Royal natives,
55*itiuc: Peach." G0@85c single crates; California,
red. .$1 25<fil GO: Ogon. S3c; Wlckson. 70c»i«l ?0;
Sat3uma, C5@80c. Peaches — St. i John, 75®9Oo
box and 70c sincle crate; Hales, oOfrSOc box;
Karly Crawford^ 70c©$l 1.1; Decker, $1 1J; Fos
ter. $1 15; Strawberry Cling. &e; Imperial. $1.
Pears — Bartletts. $1 70 half boxes; Congress, buc
half boxes. Cheniew— Royal Annep, 5C@70c box
Apricots— Royals. 70c single crates.
CHICAGO, July a.— Earl Fruit \ Company's
sales: Pears— Hartletts, 7icS$2 Vo. Peaches—
Crawfords. 55cWJl 15; St. Johns. 43c@$l 20;
Hale's I-rarly. Zi.riiSCc: Imperials. 55(S73c. Plums
— Burbanks, oycCrirJl; Ogon. 45C5J1 15; Royal na
tive, 60@65c; Satsuma, 63@75c; Peach, ocS'SSc.
Prunes— Simoni. 3'»c6$l 10: Tragedy, Sicgjl.
Sixteen cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK. July 9.— Karl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Pears— Hartletts. Jl SO
(53 03 box. Peaches— Imperials, B0@S5c; St.
John, 25<fl93c. Plums— Kelsey, 60c<3$3 20 single
crate: Burbanks. 25c.«$l 45; Teach. 30ci5Jl;
Abundance, <0<&i0c. Prunes- Simoni. b54i>.5c;
Tragedy, 40c«?Sl. Cherries— Royal Anne, 2i»cfiJ
Jl S5; Tartarians, 60c; Black Republicans,!^*?
Jl SO. Twenty-seven cars fruit sold.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. July 9.— Consols, Wi; silver,
25 9-l6d ;. French rentes, lOOf; cargoes on pas
sage, more Inquiry; cargoes No. 1 standard Cal
ifornia, 31s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla. 30s: Eng
lish country markets, steady: import into
United Kingdom, wheat. 365.000 :" import into
United Kingdom, flour. 2D0.0OO; wheat and flour
on passage "to United Kingdom. 2.40O.C00; wheat
and Hour an passage to Continent, l,360,0C0.
LIVERPOOL. July 9.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 5d!f?6s 5M;d: wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, ttrm; French coun
try markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 6 1-lSd.
CLOSING
WHEAT— Spot— Firm; No. 1 Northern spring,
6s S\*<\: No. 1 California, Cs 5dli6s 5%d. Fu
tures—Firm: July. 6s 4%d; September, tis 4%d;
December, nominal.
CORN— Spot— Firm; American mixed new -Is
HAd: American mixed old. 4s 3d. Futures-
Steady, July. 4s 19ml; September, 4s 3d.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. July 9.— At the wool auction sales
to-day there was a good attendance and the
number of bales offered was 6600. Bidding was
spirited for scoured, and a good supply was
realized at full rates. Crossbred wools were
briskly competed for at hardening prices,
especially for coarse grades. Some good
greasies and scoured were bought in awaiting
higher prices. A good selection of wools met
jivith good competition and maintained firm
prices.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, July 9.— Clearings. $370,013; bal
ances, $72,406.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 9.— In the Portland mar
ket very little wheat is offering and bids of 57c
and u7V4c for Walla Walla and valley and 60c
for bluestem failed to brlnff any forth. These
flgures"'are a cent above those quoted by some
of the exporters, and in the absence of any
actual business may be considered nominal. A
carload of choice Wuestem of the 1900 crop was
received Sunday, the earliest on record at any
point In the Northwest. It was a very fine lot
and tested 60 pounds.
WASHINGTON
T \C0MA July 0.— Wheat— Market strong; '4c
higher; bluestem. 5SVzc; club. 56&c; both for
export. •
Silver was firm on buying, incurred by expec
tation of Indian buylnc.
CLOSING.
LONDON. July fl.— Canadian Pacific. 91%: St.
Paul. lUhi; Union Pacific preferred, 74Vs:
Northern Pacific preferred, 72»i; Grand Trunk,
fi-V Anaconda, 7"A; Rand Mines, 40%; bar sil
ver, steady, 2S 9-l6d per ounce; money. 116Q2
per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON'. July 3.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the 'general
fund, exclusive of the $1:0,000,900 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able -cash balance, $134,155,778; pold. $50,657,857;
silver. J1C,052,4SO; United States notes,- $21,
~C 1,516. *
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
California Fruit Sales.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are quoted lower and quieter. Pota
toes are steady. Vegetables show no change
worthy, of note.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. . 60@70c: New
Karly -Rose, 4G©;0c: Mew Burbanks, 40@90c
ONIONS— New Red, 50@75c; Yellow, S5c@Jl
per ctl.
VEGETABLES-Green Corn. 65cf$l 15 per
sack: 75e*?$l per crate for Berkeley and Jl 23»C
1 73 for Alainnla: Asparagus, 75c<a*l 73 per box
for common to ' choice and $2*(2 SO for fancy
larse; Green Peas, 2ViC«3c per lb; String Beans,
llj/it'e; Cabbage. 4u#50c; Tomatoes, 2oiiG."ic:
Rivers. *1"2S@2; Keg Plant. 50cgj$l 2.". per box;
Green Okra, ; Green Peppers. 35cjf$l per box
for Chili and i.dc!?/$l for Bell; Dried Peppers. SQ
j 10c; Carrots, 25<fj35c per sack; Summer Squash.
riOtfiOJo for Alameda; Cucumbers, 35&50C for Ala
meda; Garlic, 2ij3c per lb.
advance of £1 for spot tin in London, the close
there being £140 10s for spot and futures £133
15s. Our market closed firm but very quiet on
the basis of $31 55.
Copper was quiet and unchanged both here
and in London. The closing price was $16 50.
The American Smelting: and Refining: Com
l«.ny further reduced the price of lead to-day.
The price quoted was $3 97H&4 C2«S. and weak
and unsettled at that. m«J •>- n-i,
Spelter was a little easier at $i 2O.g,4 -o. Tne
brokers 1 price fcr lead was $3 SO and for cop
per $16 25.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JULY 10, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Shipping Intelligence*
LOCAL MARKETS.
been based upon smaller crop estimates, which
in one Instance was place.fi » l "r
en and a half millions, ami to co»
tinual rises "In the rate* for Brazilian Ex
change. Locally, a good business stranpu
in?, notwithstanding: that this is usually a . vcr>
dull period, and all grades have been in re
nuest" which feature has not been n^ 1 "™ 1 .?
. for some two months past, the hlsher qual
iti?s having: been neeiected- ' O i y,-r*
"Stock in first hands consist of W»*W
Costa Rica. 17!6 Nicaragua. 1T.MJ fcal „ 'n
«.«32 Guatemala and 3110 Mexican: In an
SS.712 bags as against 57,915 bag* same time
. la \Ve y n a uote: Costa Rica, X«»»*S??mMiS
washed. 12H©1«SC for good WM^fiS"f2r
(rood to prime washed peaf-erry. Hh " l^ d '
Rood to prime peaberry. llH'al- 1^ 0 ro Ji with
prime, 10<f7 lie for good current rnixeawun
black beans., SUtfj 1114c for fair. i&*-r* c ""™- L r
common to. ordinary; Salvador. washed
*o.*i to prime washed. M01S£e tor falr "'htrrv
12G13UC for cood to prime washed P e ?herr>.
l»>»<FF10?ic for Bood. to prime s f "?>;,£ a .f for-
M»3*nic for superior unwashed. lOftlO *e xor
good green unwashed. 111? 114c for good to su
I>erior unwashed peaberry. ?1' / A17S ,*c norn. w
common to ordinary: Nicaragua. 14 < lll £: *"'
prime to fancy washed. Wm«UV4c for lair in
strictly K ood washed: 9ai«?10'sc nom. for kooo.
to superior unwashed. lO'.ifiUc nom. for gooa
to prime unwashed peaberry: Guatemala rni
Mexican. 14«17%c for prime to fancy wa^ne <i.
i:vifrl3»ic for strlctlv good wa5hed. U^»'-.f. c
for S ood washed. H4©UH« for fair washed.
IMiD'.jc for medium. C%@8%C for Inferior to or
dinary, UQWic for good to prime wa»ea P«»
berry. 11'SllHc nom. for socd to P rim *. u ""
washed l>eaberry. 10@10%c nom. for gooa to
superior unwashed.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
New York Grain and Produce.
C Idea go Grain Market.
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
Eureka |Humbol<it
Czarina ]Seattle
Nip Jlaru. China ifcJapan
Vmatllla ..iVIc & Pst Sd.
Bonira INewport
Xrnv» City. 'Cape Nomf....
St. Paul I Cape Nome...
Moar.a (Australia
I}<?1 Norte..! Portland ,
Orizaba ...IHumboldt
..'Jul
..|jul
a|Jul
l.lJul
..Uul
.Uul
..IJul
..(Jul
,.|Jul
..IJul
r 10. 8 pm!P!er 13
r 10, 5 pmlPler 3
' 10. 1 pmlPMSS
r 10. 11 ami Pier 9
T 10. 9 am! Pier 11
r in. 2 pm'Pl-r 34
f 11. 2 pnrPier 3*
r 11. S prn'P1<r 7
t 11. s am] Pier !%
f 12. ? pmiPler '>
Santa Rnsa.!San Diejto ,
North ForklHumbolflt....'
.. Ju!
.* Jul
r 12. 11 am '¦ Pier 11
r 12. 9 am: Pier 3
State of CallPortland
r 12. 11 am'PlPr 14
THl
Arcata ICoos Bay
Coos Bay...ix»woort
City PueblalVtc & P:rt Sd
r 14. 9 am Pier 11
f 15. IT am 'Pier 3
Newburp ..!Gray3 Harbor
Pt. Arena..! Point Arena..
Corona !San Dleso
Steamer.
Krom
Due.
r
Santa Rosa jSan pi«r>.
Orizaba Humboldt..
City of Puebla. Victoria &
Piiget Sc
..[July 1
..IJuly 1
id! July 1
LT.tlir 1
1>
1)
n
11
Arcata W uay.-
¦Willamette ! Seattle.....
".*.|July 1
Llnlv 1
ii
Crescent City... (Crescent Cl
Coos Bay Newport...
Newburc ICJravs Hart
TTnlverse [Oyster Har
Eureka ..'. IHumboUU..
Point Arena.... IPolnt Aren
n in- r>. >..->•¦ iHrav« Marl
¦he
-.(July 1
.. July 1
.. July ]
13
Coqullle River, uray* nun
Corona i^an Dieso.
'.Jjuly 1
Columbia [Portland --
..ijuiy :
T_,i',iJ 'Orstpr liar
Tellus t>T3Ter nar
c; a m i...iOyster Har
Konita' '...'.. .... . | Newport . . .
AValla Walla... I Victoria &
Putft S<:
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
Eureka |Humbol<it
Czarina ]Seattle
Nip Jlaru. China ifcJapan
Vmatllla ..iVIc & Pst Sd.
Bonira INewport
Xrnv» City. 'Cape Nomf....
St. Paul I Cape Nome...
Moar.a (Australia
I}<?1 Norte..! Portland ,
Orizaba ...IHumboldt
..'Jul
..|jul
a|Jul
l.lJul
..Uul
.Uul
..IJul
..(Jul
,.|Jul
..IJul
r 10. 8 pm!P!er 13
r 10, 5 pmlPler 3
' 10. 1 pmlPMSS
r 10. 11 ami Pier 9
T 10. 9 am! Pier 11
r in. 2 pm'Pl-r 34
f 11. 2 pnrPier 3*
r 11. S prn'P1<r 7
t 11. s am] Pier !%
f 12. ? pmiPler '>
Santa Rnsa.!San Diejto ,
North ForklHumbolflt....'
.. Ju!
.* Jul
r 12. 11 am '¦ Pier 11
r 12. 9 am: Pier 3
State of CallPortland
r 12. 11 am'PlPr 14
THl
Arcata ICoos Bay
Coos Bay...ix»woort
City PueblalVtc & P:rt Sd
r 14. 9 am Pier 11
f 15. IT am 'Pier 3
Newburp ..!Gray3 Harbor
Pt. Arena..! Point Arena..
Corona !San Dleso
Steamer.
Krom
Due.
r
Santa Rosa jSan pi«r>.
Orizaba Humboldt..
City of Puebla. Victoria &
Piiget Sc
..[July 1
..IJuly 1
id! July 1
LT.tlir 1
1>
1)
n
11
Arcata W uay.-
¦Willamette ! Seattle.....
".*.|July 1
Llnlv 1
ii
Crescent City... (Crescent Cl
Coos Bay Newport...
Newburc ICJravs Hart
TTnlverse [Oyster Har
Eureka ..'. IHumboUU..
Point Arena.... IPolnt Aren
n in- r>. >..->•¦ iHrav« Marl
¦he
-.(July 1
.. July 1
.. July ]
13
Coqullle River, uray* nun
Corona i^an Dieso.
'.Jjuly 1
Columbia [Portland --
..ijuiy :
T_,i',iJ 'Orstpr liar
Tellus t>T3Ter nar
c; a m i...iOyster Har
Konita' '...'.. .... . | Newport . . .
AValla Walla... I Victoria &
Putft S<:
fe AUCTION SALE £»
-4O MORSES.
s. WATKJNS, Auctioneer.
5^ AUCTION SALE!
« HEAD GENTLE AND WELL BROCTN
No culls or wornout horsed amor.s them.
REMEMBEIt-The highest bidder gets the
hOrSeS THIS DAY.
TLTESDAY. July 10 at 11 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 HOWARD ST.Japan has become alarmed over the ernfgrm
tion of many of her residents to thta country.
It Is stated that they are lured her* by m>s
r*pre«entatlon and then turned adrift. This
Is like tbe misrepresentation which delude
pecple Into bellevlnif that any otSer medlcrae
is e<rial V* Hrst«t«r'!i Stosnarh Bitten for
stomach disorders. In the Bitters lie safety
and surety. It Is worth its weight ia Bold la
all cases of indigestion, constipation, dyspep
¦ta. malaria, fever and ague.
CHICAGO. July 9.— Archbi3hop Riordaa
of San Francisco arrived in Chicago to
day on his return from an extended trip
through Europe and Egypt.
Archbishop Riordan's Trip.
FIVE HUNDRED DAYS IN
JAIL WAS TOO MUCH
OAKULVD, July 9.— Antone J. Ghiossl. '
a young man who was sentenced on Janu- j
ary 24 by Justice Edgar of Berkeley to 500 '
days in the County Jail for petty larceny,
was released from custody to-day on a
writ of habeas corpus. Judge Eliswortn
made the order of release.
Ghiossi is a reform school graduate. His
attorneys. Gibson & Woolner. contended >
that six months was the greatest legal ',
penalty, and as Ghiossi had served six s
months, minus the credits allowed by the I
Board of Supervisor?, a writ of habeas I
corpus was secured. On hearing the argu
ments Judge Ellsworth Issued an order re
leasing Ghiossi trom custody.
INSANE MAN
IS SCALDED TO
DEATH IN BATH
*
George Morss. Once a Promi
nent Lumberman, Meets
Horrible Death.
»
Lies Under Boiling Water "While At
tendants Go to Aid of Patient
Who Jumped From a
Window.
?
OAKLAND, July 9.— George Morss. an
eld resident of Alameda who has been an
inmate of the State Hospital for the Insane
at AgnewB for two years, was scalded
to death in a bath tub there yesterday
afternoon and the attendant in charge, a
man by the name of Allen, has been dis
charged, though he was exonerated from
any criminal blame by a coroner's Jury-
The body of the dead man has been
brought to Alameda, where the funeral
will take place.
Morss was at one time one of the
j largest lumber dealers in San Francisco
I and lived in Alameda. Some years ago
i he lost a great deal of his money. He
suffered a stroke of paralysis and then
his mind and his health be^an to fall.
His condition became so bad that about
two years ago he was sent 10 the Agnews
~sylum. His mind gradually left him and
he became a total wreck.
Allen was ordered to sive Morss a bath
yesterday afternoon, and two Inmates
were detailed to assist him. According to
the testimony that was given at the In
quest this mornlnjr by Allen and all con
cerned, the water ran a little cold at first.
Allen then turned on the hot -water full
| head. Just as this was done an insane in
j mate by the name of Tillison jumped out
of a window and committed suicide, and
¦ Allen explained that he rushed to the as
| slstance of Tillison, leaving Mor?a in the
i care of the two inmates who had been
f ordered to assist him.
j When Allen returned to the bathroom
he found his patient dead and the body
very badly scalded. The doctors testified
that death had resulted from a stroke ot
apoplexy that was caused by the shock
from the hor water. But the doctors alsa
explained that Morss .was in such a phy
sical condition that the asylum authorities
had been expecting his death at almost
any moment, ami that death might have
come with even a slight change in the
temperature of the water.
The body was very badly scalded how
ever, and the best that could be said was
that the scalding had come after death. |
Th*» jury did not find a charge again.- 1
Allen, but the as-ylum authorities at once
discharged him from the Institution.
Morss, Allen further explained, was i
paralytic and utterly unable to help him
self, and he could not hare f,usied the
water off by himself owing ia fiis con
dition.
When Allen returned after trying to as
sist Tillison he at once realized the fright
ful condition of things. He hastily
dragged Morss from the tub and sum
moned doctors. Morss' body from the
waist down was boiled till the flesh was
practically cooked. The doctors did all
they could for him. but he died at 10
o'clock after terrible suffering. Coroner
Kell held the inquest to-day and a ver
dict of death from accidental scalding
while taking a bath vras returned by the
jury. • ¦:::- ¦
ORIGINATOR OF POSTAL
MONEY ORDER SYSTEM DEAD
, I Dr. Charles F. McDonald, Who Served
Under President Lincoln,
! Passes Away.
NEW YORK, July 10.— The death is an
nounced at Hamilton. Ontario, of Dr.
Charles F. McDonald. a?ed 71 years.
While connected with the Postofflce De
partment in Washington the postal money
order system was organized through his
efforts. President Lincoln appointed him
Superintendent of the Money Order De
partment, which offlce he held until 1S93,
when President Cleveland appointed him
Consul at Hamilton.
Throug-h Dr. McDonald's efforts, also.
j the exchange of money orders wav ef
fected betwen the United States and the
principal civilized countries of the world.
j He drafted thirty-two conventions for the
exchange of money orders.
Edward Halleran.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 9.— Edward Halleran. a
pioneer residenc of Santa Clara Valley,
died at his home at Mountain View yester
day.. He was a native of Ireland and 71
years of ase. Deceased had resided near
Mountain View since the early '50's. A.
widow survives him.
¦ ¦>
Ex-Governor Pennington.
AXN'ISTON. Ala.. July 9.— Hon. John
L. Pennington, ex-Governor of Dakota
Territory, editor of the Alabama Home,
this city, and for many years a prominent
Republican, died to-day in Oxford. He
was 75 years old.
Lieutenant Horace Webster.
GENEVA. N. Y.. July 9.— News 'has been
received here • of the death of First
Lieutenant Horace Webster of the Forty
second Volunteer Infantry in the Philip
pines. He was related to former Post
master General Bissell.
Thomas McCord.
SEATTLE. Wash., July i>.— Thomas Mc-
Cord. TG years of age, supposed to have
come from Boston or New York, was
drowned in Windy Arm Bay, Alaska,
June 2$, by the capsizing of a canoe.
Georg-e Cochran, U. S. U".
PHILADELPHIA. July 9.— Pay Direct
or George Cochran. U. S. N., died to-day
at his home in this city, aged 61 years.
He would have been retired in another
year with the rank of rear admiral.
Clarence Main.
HILTON". July 9.— Clarence Main of Hod
son, ag-ed 21 years, was thrown from a
hor=?e which he was riding- !n a race a*
Hodson on July 4. and was injured so se
verely that he tiled yesterday.
JIis3 Agnes Koycroft.
RED FLUFF, July D -Miss Agnes Roy
croft died at Cottonwood at 3:30 p. m. to
day. Death resulted from Injuries re
ceived during a runaway on Saturday
FOTTR BODIES BECX5VZEED.
[Total of One Hundred and Fifty
Corpses Secured From the Saale.
NEW -10RK. July 9.— Four bodies were
recovered from tho wrreck of the steamer
Saale. : This makes 150 corpses thus far
recovered of the victims of the fire which
destroyed the North German Lloyd pier
'. at Hoboken and burned the . steamers
Saale. Bremen and Alain on June 30
All were badly decomposed and Identi
fication was impossible. |
¦ ¦ ? « — . . .
Guns Alleged to Have Been Used in
the Ccl=a Killing Still
"Hissing.
Nothing new has developed in the Col
ma shooting affray. The principals in the
terr:l>Ie f-u-J In that section of San Mateo
Ceur.ty are QtiletJ but there is r.o telling
when the shooting will be resume.!. Le
inoscher, Ehlers and Gayer are ?ti!l lan
tru'shing- in jail at Redwood City. Mrs.
Irnsand yesterday returned to her ranch.
Mitchell is still vowirg vengeance. He
has again taken up his duties at his ranch
ar:d is reinforced by his two determined
locking sons.
Sheriff llar.sf.eld visited the scene cf the
ehootir.g yesterday in search of the gtms
which were aileped to have been used by
the men new incarcerated in the County ;
Jail. Up to a late hour the Sheriff had ;
rot *ucccee<ied in his quest. This is due j
to the fact that neither the Mitchell fam- :
:!y r:<">r the Imsard adherents will aid him. '
He is looked upon by both sides as an ;
er.°TEy.
On the advice of their attorney. Judge :
E. F. ritzpatrick. the three prisoners re- '¦
fuse to taik for publication. Tbey are •
ready to go before the court and proclaim ¦
their innocence and await eagerly for the i
opportunity.
The inquest will be held ir: Collcpy's !
ha'.I at U a. m. Saturday.
Much Interest at:acfc»-s to the hearing '
because of the effect of the verdict upon .
thp cases of the suspected men.
If the m*-n are ever brought to trial ',
th^ir cotmsei will pet up as a defense an j
accusation that William Mitchell, the man t
who has cried out in his misery that he j
vas? oppressed because of his color, was !
responsible for the dciih of the two mem- i
f«r» of his family. It is claimed that j
Mitchell was shooting at a target at the '
time his wife ar.d son were killed and an
attempt may be made to prove that in a i
Bt of a-rjrer he shot his wife and then his j
boy.
Mitchell stated yesterday that three
men were Implicated in the killing of his j
loved ones. He called attention to a bul- '
let hole in th*» whaft of a wasron which '
would indicate that some person stood I
r.r.rth of the defenceless victims and add- !
e<l to the leaden hail which Is alleged to i
have come fr^m the window of the Irn
sand ho-j?*. ICttetaeS I* bitter against the 1
cScials of San Mateo County. He said I
that If the men were to be tried in that i
county it were better that they were given 1
thoir freedom at oace as it -would save '
expense to tbe taxpayers. He *aid that !
•'a po negro' • stood no chance and even '
hinted that it might 1* left to him to seek !
his own vengeance.
The fpu<i i* not erd-d. If the thre- men
? r f *n, <1^ ltt * d of thf * c " 1a w against them. 1
It is lately to break out afresh, as Mitchell
ar.d his two «or.s are determine that the j
ceath of their people calls for venzeance
SHERIFF MANSFIELD IS
SEARCHING FOR RIFLES
OAKLAND, July 9.— "Walter Morosco.
theatrical impresario. Is In mourning over
the slaughter of his entire stock of much
prized Belgian hares. 100 pedigreed bucks
and does with all kinds of blue jlood.
The rabbitry on Mr. Morosco's country
place at Fruitvale was like a shambles
this morning when one of the keepers
went out to the inclosure to attend to the
valuable pets. Every one of the long
eared occupants had been slain and in a
manner most mysterious. The keepers a3
well as Morosco are deeply puzzled to
know how the hares lost their lives. It Is
not known whether dogs broke in and
played havoc with the caged pets or
whether they were killed bv some human
miscreant.
The police have been asked to Investl
trate the crime, which deprive* Mr. Mo
rosco of his $1500 worth of blue-blooded
stock. Among the slain was Brit Ladd.
a Lord Briton buck, valued at 5250. Helen
Grant, a magnificent doe. was another
famous hare which was killed.
The owner does not believe that dosrs
were responsible directly, because the
rabbit hutches were proof against ingress
of any animal of that kind, unless some
person had opened them. The pens are
wired and the gates locked with heavy
spikes, making it impossible for a dog to
reach the har*»s unless the gates were
first opened. These were found closed
this morning.
Morosco regrets his loss "xc^edinsrly
and he declares that he will solve the
mystery of the destruction of his pets If
it takes all summer.
WALTER MOROSCO'S
BELGIANS DESTROYED
LANDLORD VREELAND, WORSTED BY MRS. JONES AND LITTLE MAUDE.
EB. VREELAN'D, ex-secretary "of
the Fire Department, who lives
o at 1627 Sherman street, Alameda,
' had an encounter yesterday
morning with two sub-tenants who occu
py a portion of a house belonging to him,
and is now nursing a lump or. his head
abont the size of one of his rists. He
went to> the Receiving Hospital, thinking
that his skull might be fractured, but
Dr. Bunnell assured him that he had no
need for alarm. Then he hastened to the
warrant clerk's office and secured war
rants for the arrest of Mrs. Emma Jones.
739 Harrison street, and her daughter
Maude, a g:rl~-12 years of age, on the
charge of battery.
"I want to get rid of these people."
said Vreeland, "as they are an annoy
ance and will not pay their rent. They
live in the basement and rent it from
Mrs. Hamilton, my tenant. v«ho has been
trying to get them ejected. I went there
this morning and the woman would not
let me in. I forced open the door and she
struck me with a broom. I seized, her by
the arms to prevent her striking me
again, and while holding: her her daugh
ter came behind me and struck me on
the head with a club, breaking my hat
and raising- the lump you can see. The
blow was a stiff one and if it had not
been for my hat I guess my skull would
have been cracked."
Mrs. Jone«. whose husband is a painter,
and her daugher Maude were arrested
and booked at the City . Prison. The
mother is a little wiry woman and Maude
had her left arm In a sling, as she had
a sprained wrist. Mrs. Jones said that
Vreeland. after forcing open the door,
threw her against the bed in her room
twice and tried to choke her. Maude,
who «as in bed. h^ard her scrtams and
ran to her assistance with a police
man's club which was in the house. Vree
land let go of her and grabbed hold of
Maude, who struck him on the head with
the club. He took the weapon from the
girl and hit her across the back with it.
Mrs. Jones got hold of the club with the
intention of using It upon Vreeland. when
he beat a hasty retreat. Mabel, a daugh
ter 8 years- old. had meantime run out
of the house to get a policeman, but could
not find one.
As Mrs. Jones complained that she had
a baby at home, Judg-e Mogun was a3ked
to release her. He questioned her in the
prison. She admitted that she owed two
weeks' rent to Mrs. Hamilton, and also
that she had Wt without paying- her rent
In a house on Seventh street and previous
to that a house on Fifth street. The
Judge declined to release her except on
the usual bail, and she was returned to
the matron's rooms.
There wa< a row at the hous? Sunday
night and Mrs. Hamilton asked Police
man J. A. Ryan to interfere. Ryan went
to the house and. he says, advised Mrs.
Jones to pay her rent, but Mrs. Jones
said he told them that they would be
forcibly ejected" the next day at 1 o'clock
and her husband complained at the South
ern station about Ryan's conduct.
MRS. W. K. VANDERBILT DINES
NOT WITH MRS. BELMONT
Social War Waging Merrily in New
port Sets the Tongues of Ma
trons A-Wagging.
Special Pi«riatch'to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 5.— A World special
frcm Newport says: Mrs. Oliver H. f.
Belmont gave a dinner to-night at which
Mrs. George Jay Gould and her husband
were guests of honor. But it is probable
Mrs. Gould and Mrs. Belmont were not
entirely happy, for Mrs. Willie K. Van
derbilt did not accept the invitation to
dinner. She thereby announced that she
is in entire sympathy with her sister. Mrs.
Oelrichs. who has not extended to Mrs.
Gould the warm and welcome hand that
Mrs. Stuyvesam fish has extended to
that attractive and beautiful woman.
The fact is that while Mrs. Fish la try
ing to threw open the portals of society
to Mrs. Gould, Mrs. Oeirichs is barring
the way. With much impressiveness Mrs.
Oelrichs refused to dine with Mrs. Fish
when the cloth was spread for Mrs. Gould
and her hustar.d Saturday night last.
Among the women thie sociai war fierce
ly wajfr p. Arrayed against Mrs. Gould
are Mr?. Oelrichs. wlnse Influence is now
second only to Mrs. Aster's. Mrs. Willie
K. Vanderbilt and their ir.timates. On
the other side are Mrs. Fish. Mrs. O. H.
P. Belmont and those who follow their
leadership.
Experts in social warfare predict that
from the melee Mrs. Gould will emerge
triumphant.
SPLIT IN DEMOCRATIC
RANKS IN NEW YORK
Special Dispatch to Tfce Call.
NEW YORK. July 9.— As an outcome of
he battle between David B. Hill and
ilJchard Croker in Kansas City, the Dem
.cratic forces in New York State are now
irrayed in two hostile camps. On the
lay Stevenson wag nominated for Vice
President emissaries of Hill visited Rich
trd Croker's headquarters In the interest
>f Elliot Danforths Gubernatorial candi
lacy. The Hill men. however, were met at
he door of Mr. Croker's apartment and
:old' by an underling: that no man who
"•as known to be loyal to David B. Hill
rould expect any preferment from tht
:roker-Murphy alliance. Mr. Hill became
rery angry and declares that the rijrht
Lgair.st Croker ar.d Murphy would be car
ded to a finish, and that he expected to
vean Kings County from its support ot
rammnny Hall. Mr. Cmkf>r. since his re
urn from Kansas City. Is no longer anx
ous for a fieht with Hill.
DINED ON TOADSTOOLS
AND NINE ARE DEAD
Every Membjr of an Arkansas Fam
ily Killed by Eating the Poison
ous Fungi.
LITTLE ROCK. July 9.-N>ws reached
here to-day that an entire family of nine
persons had died near Calico Rock. Ma
rion County, from eating toadstool." «up
posed to be mushrooms. The vic f im« are-
W. J. FINK, ap^d 40. : "
MRS. MARY LEE FINK, aged 30
JOHN E. FINK, agred is.
KEAKLE FINK, aged 13.
SIGEL FINK, afed 11.
VELL FINK. ag»d 9.
ROSE LEE FINK. a R »d 7.
MELAX FINK, aged 6.
INFANT CHILD.
The family had a hearty dinner, which
included the supposed mushrooms. Ail
were taken violently ill and none re
covered.
Indiana Safe for McKinley
CLEVELAND. July 9.— Colonel Winfield
T. Ourbfn, Republican candidate for Gov
ernor of Indiara. spent an hour with
Chairman Hanna discussing campaign
plans for that State. Mr. Durbin express^
himself as fe-eling confident the Republi
cans would make a clean sweep in the
Hoosier State this fall. Among tht other
callers at Sorntor Hanna's office to-day
were Secretary Eal!n of the Chicago Civic
Federation and Mayer Billow of St. L-uuis.
SCHWABACHER'S WILL
FILED FOR PROBATE
Bulk of Estate Goes to Widow and
Children — Charitable Institu
tions Remembered.
The will of the late Lcuis Schwabacher
<">f the Crown Flour Company was filed
for probate yesterday in the Superior
Court. To his widow and his brothers,
Abraham and Slgmund, he left J1D0O, to be
invested for the proper care of his par
ents* graves in Germany. Other bequests
are as follows: To the widow, the house
at 1S20 Clay -ureeA: Pacific Hebrew Or
phan Asylum. 51300: Eureka Benevolent
Association; tiynv Mount Zion Hospital
Association Sinoo: I?raelitischer Frauen
%^, re i n i-,Sl* j0:^ HebreTir Home for tn « Dis
abled. $10-0. The resldup Is divided equally
b*-tw*en the widow and children.
Mrs. Schwabarher, the two brothers
named and Moses Rlum Jr. are appointed
executrix and executors of tho will with
out bonds. The ertate Is valued at $300,000.
BARN ON BISHOP RANCH
IS DESTROYED BY FIRE
- i
j SAN RAMON. July S.—a ba^ on th<>
ranch of Attorney Bishop, near this place
: was destroyed. by fire this morning. Nine
calves were cremated. The barn also con- j
talned about 1"."3 tons rf !-ay which waf
destroyed. Th* loss is about $3009 and is i
covered by Insurance. ~ ;
The burned barn was a Inrire building
twins 500 feet lonjr and 73 feet wide it wa-' '
filled with hay. some baled and the resr i
loose. M. Waters, the foreman of t^e I
ranch, la unablt to acconnt for the fire, !
Nahl Will Admitted.
OAKLAND, July 9— Th<^ will O f tna
late Annie J. Nahl of Alameda was ad
mitted to probate to-day. Perham \v
and Arthur C. Nahl. sons of the deceased'
were appointed executors.
SWITZERLAND
FAVORS UNION
WITH AMERICA
Annexation Movement on
Foot in the Alpine
Republic.
Liberty-Loving Mountaineers Seek to
Bring Their Little Country
Under the Stars and
Stripes.
Fpccia! Dispatch to Tin? Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. July 3.—
Annexation to the United States Is being
discussed in Switzerland, according to
a report received in the State Department
from Consul General Guemher in Frank
fort. The movement is largely due to the
protective tariffs of European countries.
which exclude Swiss goods, leading Swiss
statesmen to look about with a view to
forming close relations with some other
Government. Mr. Guenther incloses this
extract from the Allgemeine Scweizer
Zeitun?: "
"In spite of the dark si.le« which are
also found there the United States is full
of the air of freedom. Switzerland would
lose nothing if she should become a State
of the United States of America. It is a
well-known fact that several States of the
American Union are much more Inde
pendent than several cantons of Switzer
land, and our country by such an alliance
would sacrifice none of her liberties. AH
she would have to do would be to s=enJ
her representation to Washington. Eco
nomically and politically, she would gain
everything.
"It remains to be se^n what Americans
would sav about an alliance with Switz
erland. For a long time they have tried
to g-ain a foothold in Europe. Every citi
zen who has the welfare of his eountrv^at
heart should ponder over this alliance."
ANOTHER LEGAL
COMPLICATION IN
PIPER ESTATE
Numerous Heirs Girded for
Battle Over Dead Man's
Millions.
Young Man of Santa dara County
Who Claims to Be Natural Son
Files Sensational Con
test - .^-S...
>
An attack en force was made yesterday
by the numerous heirs upon the estate of
the late William A. Piper and legal corn
plications were injected into the Probate
Court proceedings that threaten to bank
rupt the $1,500,000 estate before they ax©
settled. The will cf the decedent. In which
the nephews and nieces were named a3
Itgatees. has been contested by an alleged
natural son, while the heirs and ali oth
ers Interested in the estate have aug
mented the records of the County Clerk' a
office with a score or so of documents tor
tht purpose of defeating the eflorts o£
the aUe&ecl son to breaK the will.
The nrst suit Hied yesterday waa In the
form of a petition from tae nephew3 and
nieces named in the will as legatees for
the distribution of the real estate, wfcicix
they claim to be worth $£*3,1SO. Attorneys
Heiler and Powers appear as counsel for
the heirs. The petitioners are Harry L.
Piper, Marion X. Piper. Jacob O. Piper.
Emma Kichey. Nettie FyfTe, John J. Pi
p«»r and Anna Buzzard, all of Lawrence
county. 111., and are the children of Rob
ert U. Piper, a brother of the deceased;
also Lawrence R. Piper of Portland and
Eliza Elkins of Edwards County. HI.,
children of D. C. Piper, another brother*
of the decedent. These heirs claim that
the estate Is valued at iljTT.SMJ 12. and
that they are entitled to two-sevenths of
the entire amount, distributed equally
among them. Another one-seventh of the
estate is claimed by Edward M. Piper's
children, who are: Leroy Piper of St.
Marys, Ohio. John N. Pip*r, Ella 11. Doll
and Anna Sheets, all of San Jose. Another
two-sevenths la claimed by Oliver C. Pi
pers children, who are: John E. Piper.
Allen X. Piper. Howard N. Piper. Harry
A. Stoltz and TIary E. Stoltz. all of Law
rence. I1L The balance of the estate la
claimed by Amanda. Piper's children, who
are: Alice. William S.. Newton O.. Jona
D and Edward Piper, all of Lawrence
County. 111., and Theodore Piper of. Jas-
The Second suit is filed by Attorney H.
C Firebaugh on behalf of Harry L. Piper
and others vs. Lawrence R. Piper and
others to quiet title to the real estate In
cluded in the estate of the deceased.
The greatest complication has arisen In
the appearance of Frank W. Ptper. &
young man of T., residing at Wrights
station Santa Clara Couny, woo claims
to be a natural son of the decedent and
who. contests the will of November Uj.
1S38 under which the court has been pro
ceeding thus far. on the ground that the
decedent was of unsound mind at that
time and that he did not sign the will.
He I? represented by Attorneys Densoa
and Schlesinger and is prepare-I to mak»
a hard fight.
Frank w. PiF<?r, in hi* suit. al!esr°3 that
William A Piper, his alleged father, died
on August 3. 1S09. He claims that the de
ceased left a will, beartnsr the date of
February 3. 1399. in which he was named
as the legatee to the bulk of the estate.
The only ether devisees in thi3 will, he
says, were William Giselman and the Ma
sonic Home at Decoto. Alam«>da County.
William Gisetman and the Union Trust
Company were name*', a? the executors
of that will. This will, h* claims, is now
In the possession of Charles Edelman.
In conclusion the petitioner pray3 that
the will of November 2T>. 1*99. be set aside;
that Charles Edelman be comp»llefl by th«»
ccurt to produce in court the will cf Feb
ruary 5. 1S93. and that that will be de
clared to be th<» last will and testament
of William A. Piper.
LITTLE GIRL NEARLY CRACKS
LANDLORD'S SKULL WITH CLUB
NIAGARA FALLS. N. Y. July ?.-Petor
S ton' of Chicago, or "Mr. Bowser." as
he styles hirr.s«-lf. went through the
whirlpool rapids of Niagara Fails to-day
fn the prcs«?nci? of about MJ66Q persons on
bis craft, the Fool Killer. The boat was
towed to a rock about a mile above the
rapids and secured. The point was diffi
cult to rcarii by officials frcm either the
American or Canadian Fide wha might
have lx*.-n disposed to interfere with the
adiectur.T.
Shortly after ; o'clock Mr. Bowser was
*¦«-* r. on his boat. A ilttie later James
I * Wand pulled up la a rowboat and
lowed the Fool Killer, with Bowser
aboard, into the current. At 3:57 the start
down stream was actually commenced.
but the fickle eddies kept the Fc-ol Killer
drifting about until 4:jo. v.nen she got
into the "whirlpool current anJ started for
the final plunge. Parsing uncer the Can
tilever bridge the boat took on tne speed
< : an express train. Bowser threw his
oar fax frcm him and waved his cap. The
crowd saw the craft raise on the crest of
a smooth wave and then dive into tht?
leaping spray a.nd disappear, 'lne sirarige
craft turne'l over aj^ij over like a top,
rolling and plunging until it passed a b^nd
in the nver. and the most perilous part
of the journey had been passed. Trie
buoyant craft kept on the crest of the
waves until submerged ap.iin on the verge
cf the whirlpool. Shooting Into the
whirlpool the Fool Killer swung around
and went down !ike a fishing bob, but rose
again quickly. For the next fifty-five miii
uies Bowser and his boat cireied around
the whirlpool. Shortly before 6 o'clock
th* Foci K.iier was carried out to the
edge of the rapids and a line was thrown
by Bowser i» men on shore, who hauled
him out. His first Question was, "How ia
that for Bowser?"
The Pool Killer is twenty feet long and
four f«-et deep and 1* made of two-inch
pine, with four air-tight compartments.
The keei weighs 1250 pounds.
Bowser wanned hixntelf at a fire built
on the shore and put on dry clothing and
appeared to be little the worse far his mad
ride.
Perilous Experience of Chicago Book
k3«per in a Peculiar Boat Manu
factured From His Own
Plans.
Remarkable Feat Accom
plished by Peter Nisson
in the "Fool Killer."
SUCCESSFULLY
SHOOTS RAPIDS
OF NIAGARA
LONDON. Ju!y 9 —The Secretary oi
State for India, Lord George Hamilton,
has received the following from the Vice
rup cf India. Lord Curzon of Keedleston:
"The rainfall has been fairiy general
this week in Bombay. Deccan, Berar,
Khnndeish. . the central provinces of the
Gangetic plain and the Punjab, but has
been much below the average for theso
tract?, except in Southern Deccan. Little
or no rain has fallen in Ilajpuotana, Gu
zerat and Central Indi:>.
"The cholera mortality continues hfs^n
in Bombay. The May mortality there was
appalling. The numoer of persons receiv
ing aid is S.lU.OuO."
The Governor of Bombay telegraphs to
the Foreign Office as follows:
"There were 10,33** deaths from cholera
and 6502 fatalities in the famine district
during the last week in June. The total
deaths among the number on the relief
works in the British district were 5221.
The number on the relief works is In
creasing rapidly in consequence of the
drought. The number on gratuitous relief
is Increasing throughout the infected dis
tricts."
Famine Claims Over Six' Thousand
Other Victims Even Though
¦Rain Has Improved Mat
ters Somewhat.
TEN THOUSAND
DIE OF CHOLERA
IN ONE WEEK
»
Lord Curzon, Viceroy of In
dia, Presents a Report
on the Situation.
THE SA^ FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 10, 1900.
\SSAY OFFICE REPORTS
Mere Than Double the Aniount of De-
posits Than Last Y?ar at Seattle.
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 9.— The report
Of the United States Assay Office at Seat
tle for the fiscal year ending June 30 has
just bftti issued. During th.it 'line 5*0S
deposits, agsrregatir.g S1XO9.SS 58, have
Iwn received. This is m^re than double
th«» aiBOtmt revived for the year ending
June 3^). 1S33. when the deposits numbered
3423 and represented a vaiue of Kj.5m4.3G2 64.
Japan Anxious.
9
7he &ay*s £ead
BOLD BURGLARS
ENTER A HOUSE
IN THE MISSION
•
Force Front Dcor and Mak<
a Thorough Search
for Booty.
«
Failing to Find Anything of Valu
They Almost Wreck the Place.
Detectives Are on Their
Trail.
?
The police are anxious to locate a brao
of daring burglars who have been operat
Ing in the Mission. During- the past fev
weeks they have entered a number o
private dwellings and got away with val
uable booty.
The latest victim of the crooks i;
Thomas Bulger, an engineer In the Flr<
Department, who lives with his family or
Elizabeth street, between Noe and Cas
tro. One the night of July 4 during th<
temporary absence of the family burg
lars forced open the front door with t
jimmy and thoroughly ransacked tht
house. Bureau drawers an-1 trunks wer«
broken open, closets were forced and ever
the mattresses were ripped upen, no de
termined were the desperate housebreak
ers not to overlook anything of value.
Before leaving hf-r hom«*. Mrs. Kulgei
wisely deposited her valuable diamond!
with a friend: Otherwise the crooks wouk
have come into possession t>t them. Tht
detectives who arc working on the cas<
are of the opinion that the burglars wen
aware that Mrs. Huljr*r was the happj
possessor Of some costly gems, and that
their object in ripping" open the muttresse?
and prying into the bureau drawers anc
closets was to secure the coveted stones.
Failing to find the diamonds, the dis
appointed house bnakcrs. in order to tx
revenged, destroyed a miscellaneous as
sortment of crockery and glassware.
They took with th«m several trinkets ol
r.o value e:x<.-»i>t to the family.
The burglary was not discovered until
the following day, when the family re
turned home. Mr. Bulger at once notified
Chief of Police Sullivan, who detailed two
of his best meu to apprehend the burg
lars.
From a boy. who>e name the police re
fuse to divulge, the detectives obtained
a good description of the house-breakers.
The boy was standing- near the Bulger
residence «>u the night of the burglary
and saw the crooks leaving the house.
Up 5ay« that they were both young men
and were rather tastily dressed. The boy
is 5atisfl«?<i th.-U he. will be able to iden
tify them in case they are arrested.
From the description given of the two
men the police bclie\'e that they are the
burglars who have recently been operating
in the Mission and Western Addition.
' _««
LADY CAMPER IS
NEARLY BURNED TO DEATH
BERKKLEY. July 3.— Mrs. John McCar
thy of 1T1D Euclid avenue narrowly es
caped being burned to death a few days
ago while camping near Lcona Heights,
Oakland.
While assisting in putting out a grrass
fire the skirt of Mrs. McCarthy caug-ht
fire. All her clothing was soon ablaze.
As there was no help at hand she hasten
ed to her tent some distance away for
a blanket to smother the flames. The
draught caused by running fanned them
and she could not open the tent flaps and
was In a dilemma when she thought of
rolling on the ground. In a few moments
she had exting-ufsh^d the fire, but not be
fore all her garments except some under
wear had been burned.
Mrs. McCarthy was found lying uncon
scious by her sister. Miss Worden. She
was so badly burned that the physicians
believed it inadvisable to remove her
to* her home for a few days.
CANNOT RECOVER THE
PRICE OF THE ANNUITY
ju .¦¦•>-;;";\;V': — ; — . . ¦¦*
Suit Against an Insurance Company
by the Heirs to the White
Estate.
Judge Seawell has decided the suit over
the annuity of the late Jonathan L.
White, who was kilkd in the Baldwin Ho
tel fire, by sustaining the demurrer of
the insurance company to the complaint
of the executor..
A few months before hi? death "White
purchased an annuity of $3*500 a year from
the Mutual Life Insurance Company of
New York, paying S53.SS3 for it. When
he died so soon after Charles G. Geb
bardt. his executor, brought suit to re
cover the purchase price of the annuity.
The defense was that there was a con
tract between White and the company,
which terminated on the death of White,
and that the company had fulfilled every
obligation.
Judsre Seawell took that view of the
case and sustained the demurrer. '
New Bank Cashier Chosen.
OAKLAND.July 9.-The directors of the
Bank of Llvermore have elected Fred
Mathieson cashier of the bank. He wa.«
for Hfte«n years bookkeeper under the
late cashier, H. H. Pitcher, who coru
mltted suicide. After Pitcher's deatu
Charles G. Reed of the Union Xatloml
Bank took charge to straighten out mat
ters. Mr. Reed will now return to thi*
city and Mathlesen succeeds to the po
sition. -
New Yorkers' Society.
At a meetins of the executive commit
tee of the California Society of New
York, at the Occidental Hotel.*- last nteht
Ihe following named were elected mem
bers: Colonel William ilacdonald, Ed
ward J. Vogrel. Samuel D. Mayer, E. 3
ie Wolfe. John T. Dare. John Curtln. W
H. McNaughton. Morris N. Bates. Henry
Eickhoff.--.W. W. Stone, F. F. Jone3 and
Robert Z. Jah»>nn.
Ot 1000 persons, only one reaches the aire
of 100 year*- >..,.. •» j
! Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i • Steamers leave Broadway
fc^ wharf. San F*rancl»co:
fmi t For Alaskan ports— U a. m..
: R»1S^. " Ju!y 10 - i:> - "°- •'*• X - Aa f* JJt
. I fciQ'^2& l »v 4 - Char.c* tn company's st«am-
i ' tSkfeSSxSU er? at Seattle.
! ¦ E<i^3Seri *OM For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fi^fSj^***S"1 C.). Pert Towr«»r.J, ?eatt>.
i /^^^¦SPSal Tacoma. Everett. Ararnrt's
an J New Wbatcnm tWash>-
, i "** ll a. m^ Juiy 10. 15. ». J3.
t 30. Anri't 4. and everr fifth day thereafter.
1 I Chance at Seattle to this company's steamer*
I for Alaska and G. N. R'y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
t R'y.: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
! For Eureka. Hnrnboldt Bay— J p. m.. Jaly
• 1. 12. TT. 22. 17. August 1. anJ every fifth day
! thereafter.
l Fcr Panta Cm*. Mnnter»y. Pan Pimeen. Cay-
I \iccn. Port Harford (San Lots OWspo). Garlota.
Santa Barnara. Ventura. Hnenenae. San r>dro.
, I East Pan P~iro (Los Aoclw) and Newport —
3 a. m.. July «. 10. 14. IS. M. IS. 30. August
i 3 anfl every fourth day thereafter.
'! "For San Diego, stouotor only at Port Har-
' I fcrd <San Luis OM.«po>. Santa Barbara. Port
• J Los Anjreleji and Redendo (Los Anitelen) — 11 a.
. m.. Julv S. 12. 1H. 20. 14. 3. August 1. and every
I fourth day thereafter.
. ! For Fnser.ads. Masialena Bay. Pan J"se in\
j Cabo. Mazatl-in. Altata. Ij» Pax. Santa Rosalia
' ! an<l Gnavmas (Mexlco>— 19 a. m.. Tth of each
' j month.
For further Information obtain company's
' I foMers.
Th» company reserr«s the right to ch^nr*
nalllnff dates and hours of salltes
TICKET OFFICE-1 Xew Montgomery
. -treet tPalace H>t«l).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. On. Ac*r.t».
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Frcm Spear-street Wharf st 11 a. m.
CADE $12 First Cla»» including BsrVi
rflnC $3 Second Cla^ ar.d AT.tali
STATE OF CAUFORX1A satis
-. July 12. 25. Aug. 1
C^tXMBIA sail? July 7. 17. JT. Ang. *
Short line to Walla- Walla. Spotane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Nortlnrett.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Geners.1 Arent.
C3O Market St..
GOODALL. PFRKINP A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
tn V TOBX. 80CT3iaPT05. L0530J. WSH
Stopplnr at Cherbourg. w»stbcand.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 19 a. m.
New Tork Jnly lTfSt. Louts July ZJ
Et. Paul Julyls'New York Aumst 8
RED STA^ LINi.
*ew VorV end Antw*—.
Frrrn Xew TorJc every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland July 11 ISouthwark July J5
Ftlesland July UiWwtemland ..Anyust 1
INTERXATIOXAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Monfcomery street.
E/V\F»IRE LINE.
S. S. "OHIO" from Seattle to Norae acd St. |
Mlcbael. May U. Subsequent salHnrs from 1
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon RJver i
points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
U>d other Information npply to
EJIP1RE TRANFPORTATTON CO..
33 Montromerr street.
BAY AKTJ KrVTEH STEAMERS. |
FOR O.S.JAYY YARD AMD VALLEJO™
Steamer "Montlcellow" ¦
MON.. Tue».. Wrf,. Than, and Sac at »:43
a. m.; S:1VI:S> P- ro. <ex. Tnurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundayt. 10:30 a. m.. i
p. m. Landtac and office. Mis* ton -street Dock.
Pier No. 2- Telephone iUln H0«.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
"Wia Dlynatcli for
NOME,
PORT CUBEHCE, CAPE YORK AMD
SAFETY HARBOR
The ETeffO£?. CorsTnnHonn. Fast AZ f*l limn
r-r S;ttmahl;
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-five hundred tcss* displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
Fcr Pa»«en?»r »tkS Fr-lght ru;«« Apuly tU
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
HO X*r!tet st.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL, LEAVE WHARF". COR-
rer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m..—
for YOKOHAMA and HO.NT.KOXO. catlia* at
Koto (Kiogo). Nagasaki ar.d «%asff»iai, ar.J
connecting at Hcngitca? with steamers Jar In-
«J!a» etc. No carso received oa beard en day
of •at'tns-
SS. NIPKOf MART* Tuesdar. JuJy 10. 13CO
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. Anjust J, 1309
ES. HOXGKOXG MARU !
Wednesday. Ausrust 23. 130H
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at r^vl'joed rates. For
fr»f*nt «n«l pae*«y» apply *t company's cfSce.
ill Market stre-t. comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General A?ent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SrHfTTC" EXPRF.5S SETmn:
TO PLYMOt'TH (I/>XDOS>. CHERCCCRO
(P»Rt.s> ANT) WAMBCIM5.
TWrx-SCREYT PASSENT.ER gERH'.'E
TO PLYMOUTH. CIIERBOCRG AXT> H*lf-
Bl-RG. Af SO NEW TORK TO CHERBOURG
AXD HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. ArrotT to
nAai«n?o-AMFBtcAN trvTT.ir iritw-T x.T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Re»»nred If sfured before deiwirtur*.
HEHZOG * CO.. Gen. Ajrts. fcr Pa<-lS> Ccast.
451 California. »t.. corner Sansome. S. F*.
TOXFlSm GKS'RALE T3AS34TLA!TnqT^.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
;j!'!r.f »v-»ry Thursday ir*t*.v! of <S^f\
Saturday, from November 2. 1S3">. at - "' '*©_!»»
& a. m.. firrtn Pl-r *2. Xorth River, foot 9t
Morten st. LA LORRAIXE. July 12: LA BRE-
TAGNE. Julv »: LA CHAMPAGNE. July M:
LA TOITRATN'E. Anrast • First cUsi to
Havre. JS2 U> and Upward. Pecond elan to
Havre. J"> and upward: s per vent redaction ot»
round trtD. r^N'ETRAL. AOEXCT FOR
UXITEn STATFR AND CANADA. C Broa.t-
wnj iHnrtsnn PailrflngV New York. J y.
FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific C^ast Agtcu. S Msot-
(tomerr avenue. Saa Fra=c!scos.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-nOXOLn.U, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. JXOAXA »vta Honotatat. tn >Tew Zea-
land and Atmtraltn 'Wed.. July 11. s p. m_
S. S. AUSTRALIA iKonotam only)
Wednesday. Ja!y 8, •» a
L 0. SPaiCKELS k 33CS. CO.. X 3 tu 14 MaRtsomen
KOSMOS UHP^Psa
UUUII1UU UII1U LfXOR COO tons
ABTDOS -ICO© tons
Monthly 5i!'.!n< for Valparaiso and Haroburc.
via Mexican >rr_«. Central and Souta
America, etc.
8. S. Abyl9s. 4C0O tons, sails about Aasruat 1.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. A sent.
114 Montgomery st. Pter Sa T-Fret«i»t o£3c«,
OS Uiritt «t_ SUa sv^W
rcr <i:r.r.er in the evening use meat)
and enc or two ve2etables. Leave out I
the fancy desserts. Never over-cat. Bet- 1
tcr a httle less than too much. :
If yo^ can u$e health as a means to
;ra:n success in business or in a profes-
sion, it is well Ti-orth the time and atten-
tion required to arrange your diet to ac-
complish the result
The Grape-Nats breakfast food is
fully tini scientifically cooked at the fac-
tor,-, and both that and the Postum Cof-
fee loave the diastase Cthat which digests
the starchy part) developed in the
manufacture. Beth the food and the
co/ec. therefore, are predisrested and as-
s-.ft. :n a natural wav. to digest the bal-
ance of the food. Lunch at noon, the
same.
in? water, cover, and set off the stove.
Take out in nine minutes: the white*
v.ill be the consistency of cream and
partly digested. Don't change the di-
rections in any particular.) Some fruit.
rooked or raw. cooked preferred, a slice
of toast, a little bt:ttcr. four heaping tea-
fpoons of Grape-Xuts with some cream.
a cup of properly boiled Postum Food
OrTee.
Two soft-boiled eggs. (If you hare a
weak stomach boil the eggs as follows:
Put two cgps into a pint tin cup of boil-
A complete change in food make? a
complete change in body. Therefore if
you 2re ailir.g in any way the surest road
back to health is to change your diet.
Try the Following breakfast for ten <Iays
zvA mark the result:
FEEDING FOR HEALTH.
Directions by a Food Expert
GRAPE- NUTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TEAVE1.TBTE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY .10, 1900.
10
69 and £9, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. < Kddy st. I
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
ANV sum. 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates In pro-
bate chattels etc. R. 603. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. C30 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; M mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security: all busl-
I nes» confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note withou;
lndorser. MORRKLL, 609 Examiner building.
; ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
I mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
¦ TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
K. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL IXSTRU3IEXTS. "
W'K have only one of the $1S5 bargains left now
if you want It come at once. MAUVAIS' 763
Market st.
PACKARD organs, for parlor or church nse j
are way ahead of all others; cases are high
and lowpprices are all low. • MAUVAIS' 763
Market st.
DECKER & Son. Packard and Boothe Bros ¦
are our great sellers; call and see the fine
styles and low prices; we have some good
squares at almost your own figure
MAUVAIS'. 7C3 Market St. *
A NICE upright « n
A better one V%Z
Fischer upright, good condition. .!.!!'."!"""i6j
And 50 other good second-hand barealns
BENJ. fiURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell sf
IF you want a piano of standard make cheap,
ranging from $7» up. take advantage of our
closing out »al«. SPENCER'S. ISIS Market st.
SELLING out regardless of cost— Entire stock
t » i5£ no t-V 8tor ,£~ to Iel: for sale.
JAMES KEEFFE. 1019 Van Ness ave.
SOHMER &..CO.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 30S Post St.. opp. Union square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER sale of pianos this week for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
LEAVING 12th; must sell fine upright; stand-
ard make; cheap; 1614 Golden Gate ave.
W..G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davia planoa.
S V^S^ IOR vlollns ' «'ther». old and new. H.
M LLLER. maker, repairer. - 2 T^t^ am place.
_¦-¦-¦
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 99*>.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry- W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rate*. BECKER & CO.. 16 Montgomery.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life Insurance. Room 1«. first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
St.: tel. Main 1544. Branch 13 Third st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get ray terms before doing business else-
where R. MeCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
MONEY TO LOAS.
AUSTIN ave., 103, corner Polk— Newly renovat-
ed furnished and unfurnished front sunny
rooms: cheap.
j EDDY. 917 — Very desirable sunny connecting
! housekeeptnc rooms; no children.
ELEVENTH, luti — Connecting housekeeping
rooms; complete; ateo single; upstairs.
FOLSOM. ."kS — Three unfumisheil rooms for
housekeeping: hot and cold water; range.
FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms for hou3ekeei>»
ing: also single rnoma.
FURNISHED apartment, parlor. 2 bedrooms ik
kitchen: rent $12. Apply at store. 515 Second.
GEARY, 441— Sunny furnished, or unfurnished
rooma; reasonable.
GEARY. 919— Bay-window front room, newly
furn.. wtth or without hskpng. ; also tourist.
HOWARD. 913— Sunny suite for light house-
keeping: also others.
HOWARD. 1061—2 completely furnished com-
fortable rms.; running water; $D; also others.
LARKIN. Sft4— Large sunny front furnish^
room, $9; large back room, 57 50; housekeeping
suite. $13.
MISSION. 1213— To let! furnished ' rooms tor
housekeeping; complete: no children.
I MISSION. 1275— Tlire* connecting rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping.
NATOMA. S4o — Two or three sunny rooms, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping. $11 aad $13.
NICE furniture of a 7-room flat for sale or rent.
11.-.0 Mission st.
OAK. 11^— Sunny room fuynlshert for house-
keeping, $S; 2 rooms, same, $10; 2 unfurn., $4.
TEHAMA. 47$. near Sixth— $12; 3 furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
TURK. 3^2—2 rooms, front and back parlors -
running water, gas; very reasonable.
VAN NESS. 43— Sunny front rooms for house-
keeping. $12 to $1S: also single rooma for
gentlemen. $8. $12 a month.
4 SMALL unfurn. rooms; $2 5D each ;. located
Fifth and Market. Particulars 312 Kearny st.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements and,
subscriptions has been established ac 103S Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd Unfnrn7
A— BRUNSWICK HOi:s£ 1*V sTxth^RooTns
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $-". per week and
li^ht housekeeping; open ail night. "
BURNETT. H2S Market st. (old No.
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLAY. _1711— Furnished hall ro^om; private fara-
ELLIS. S37-Sunny bay-window room for 1 or
2 gentlemen, with or without board: prlv. farn!
FOLSOM. S34— $1 week; large sunny furnished
_L°^ m i_l I ? !<e _ t l ba l h: ? irivatP : call by S p. nv
FOLSOM. S63. cor. 6th «The "oVive'r)^NeliTv~7^
nished sunny rooms, singlejarjmitesi reasonbC
FRANKLIN 21 < Newport Ho^e^Zjrurn.,.^
rooms, single; gas; running jvater: all con v.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Ifle-'aniw"fi,™ ( k"T
rooms: suite, or .ingle; tr^^'L^t 8 .^ 1
GEARY. 556 — Elegant sunny narlir ,,,1... _. *
room, : I !^ t h^uTekeernrT^
GOLDEN GATE. tS^Eiinmtw • fnw,*.*!^^
gle or double rcom: caa; bath! furnlshe(J •»»•
».r.gle; ladies" Par ,c r: g&5%g $£,£
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suite.- .1. ; — ' •
.lent: bath,. MRS. rafJ5%£ffg3£S
!!^^^M^^eeWSS^
board; to qaUt. « *»thout
MARKET. 1055. betweerT^rrTs ; ¦
MARKET. lS0^Su^7~rV^; ¦ ..
nine water; $7 £jdj™" JIU rooms - *™ run- ,
MCALLISTER. . 110U_ei..; ¦ ¦ .
water, ra. and batET $£ * ° roOm ' ™a»n«
MlSCELLiNEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — A good buggy. Address Cash. 724
Mission st.
AVANTED— An incubator. Address 2224 How-
ard st.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton St.
1Y you wish full value for your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
! MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSII & WOLPMAN. 195-M7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures: new and second-hand: we always
have a large stook of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017. 1019, 1C21. 1023 Mission St.. above
.Sixth :-write for catalogue.
A PURE white solitaire diamond shirt stud,
weighing l'i karats, for only S37: 13 a bargain
at $!25. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FOR sale— First quality sealskin: size 36; al-
most rew: bargain. Box 19S9. Call office.
FOR sale — Cheap; No. 7 Pattl range at 207 v i
Ellis st. '
ANOTHER Standard callgraph typewriter re-
modeled: print3 like new; $25; will send for
trial and examination. L. & M. ALEXAN-
DER. 110 Montgomery st.
A— BUYS, sells or rent* gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WUITELAW. 216 Spear st.
GENUINE old hop violin for sale cheap. 162
Jessie St., opp. Palace Hotel.
8-LB. steel T rail for sale cheap. BURNSTINE
BROS.. 53S Bran nan St.
FOR sale— Blue tlame oil stove. 4 holes; oil
cloth, carpets; cheap. 1&36 O'Farrell st.
j A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7i. Pop-
1 ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
TYPEAVRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier: late
model: cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 4C3 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bliig.
6HP. gasoline marine engine complete; almost
new; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 51C-G13-52Q Mission.
! EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced price.
$75: concert records. $1 50. Bacifcalupt. 333 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
j CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Pc»t st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 .California Bt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAXN SAFE CO.. 417-4^ Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: ail slze9. THE
AVALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 120 Fremont.
1 GOOD German cook, $30; general housework
girl Tor country, S25; good piano player for
country, $20 a week. MISS J. F. KELLY. 413
Powell St.. near Sutter.
¦ WANTED — A lady for companion and assist In
light housework; good home ar.d fair pay for
right party. Call after 2 p. m.. 116 Taylor
street.
GIRL with refs.; general hswk., assist with in-
fant; small family; good home. 1342 Hyde st.
GIRL to do general housework; no cooking.
_jS31 Eddy st.
GIRL for general housework and assist In
cooking in Sausalito. Apply li*32 Pierce St.,
between 12 and 2.
MIDDLE-AC.KD German woman for light
. housework. 4232 Twenty-fifth St., nr. Castro.
Sv ANTED— Shoefltter on wax thread machine.
j _J>. R. \VENTA\ORT11. West Berkeley.
WANTED — A neat young girl for housework.
¦ 710 Hyde st. ,
COMPETENT German cook wanted; wages $25.
Apply 92*j Grove St.
A GERMAN~glrl for~Mght housework. Call at
13B Henry St., oft Sanchez and Market.
WANTED— An apprentice with some experi-
j ence on custom ccats; paid well. 214 "l>\ st.
I YOUNG girl apprentices on custom coats want- !
i ed. 533 Natoma st. .
I . . — , . 1
j GIRL' for general housework and cooking;
small family; reference. 776 McAllister. !
— — i
AVANTED— Dishwasher for small restaurant, j
j 21S>i Third st.
j ONE chambermaid for first-class country
• hotel. $20 month. See party Russ House. |
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework.
ClOij Polk. st.
A GOOD finisher, who makes good buttonholes.
I on custom coats: steady work. 559.V -Minna.
i YOUNG girl wanted for light housework; good
home. 623 Haight st.
EXPERIENCED operators: also learners: con-
j stant work on muslin underwear. Apply G.
I W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission st. cor Second.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 1S6 Shipley
street.
WAITRESS wanted at 1416 Howard St., Good
Livln~ Restaurant.
FINISHER on coats. 251 Eighth St.. Oakland.
GOOD experienced hands on vests.- 814 Anto-
nio St., between Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones.
GIRL wanted to take care of 2 children and
assist In light housework. 2830 Howard st.
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework;
private family. S28 Turk st.
"WAITRESS at 515 Valencia st., $1S per month
and room. ¦"
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.' factor}'. 32>i Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
AVANTED — A woman to take charge of branch
office; business established and paying well.
Box 3527, Call office.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, Cor. GoUgh
and -Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dress C. 11.. box 1S24, Call office.
WANTED — A good business saleswoman: neat
and of srood appearance. Box 3526, Call. I
AVANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Fclsom st.. bet. 13th and Hth.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \'a-
lencta et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st I
.. 1
HELP AVANTED MALE. i
AT C. R. HANSEN & 0^7^.7104^30^. j
10CO men for railroad work: new work In Ne- I
vada: tunnel men for Los Angeles County;
teamsters for Bakrrsfleld; laborers and team-
sters for Coast Road; laborers for S. P. Co.'s
own work, $2 a day and up
Ship dally Fee $1 Free Fare
; Sawmill men, blacksmiths, miners, machine
men. stablemen, farmers, choremen and oth-
I er3 ;
Cooks, bakers, dishwashers, kitchen me'iii '
waiters, porters, laundrymen and others I
C. R. HAN8EN & CO 104 Geary st.
1 FIFTY laborers, work in quarry for S. P.
I Co.'s own work ....'. $2 a day
Hoard $4 50 Ship Tuesday morning.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
FIFTY woodsmen $45 and found
60 woodchoppers...., J35 and found
50 roadmakers in woods $30 and found
half fare paid, see boss at office
C. R. HAXSKN & CO 104 Geary st.
3 BLACKSMITHS and helpers; wheelwright: 6
laborers for Humboldt County mill. $30 and
board; full crew. of woodsmen, $30 to $00 and
board: woodchoppers for mine, $1 50 cord; 10
laborers for city. $1 75 day; 20 railroad labor-
ers. $1 70 to $1 90 a day. free fare; 3 Burlelgh
drill miners, %3 a day: single-hand miners, *
$2 50 day; car men and laborers for mine, $2 25
and. $2 day; 8 farmers, $26 and $30 a month
nnd $1 50 a day. and many others. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY.^628 Sacramento st.
MAN and wife, private Vf ami ly. city. (40: 2
cooks and wives, $00 and' $65; cook for resort,
$33; hotel waiter,- country, $30, fare advanced ;
boarding-house cook, $40; hotel and restaurant
cooks, waiters potwashers, dishwashers and
others. J. K. 'CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sac-
ramento St.
AVANTED—
2 laborers around mine, near city, steady
work, $2 day; blacksmith, ranch, steady place.
$40 and found; 2 wagon makers. $2 50 and $3
h day; 2 men for trucking- company, ware-
house, $1 50 day and board; farmer, $1 50 day,
fare 10c; crosscut sawyer, $33 and found; 20
woodsmen to make shingle bolts, box bolts,
ties, red and pine wood, good outlay and high
prices; dishwasher, country hotel, $23. AV. D.
EWER &. CO.. 610 Clay st. .
BARBERS 1 Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
"WANTED — Young barber; good, steady Job:
fare paid. Central Hotel barber shop* San Ra-
fael. ij -
j .
I WANTEP ~ A g°° d barber. 1759 Union st.
WANTED— Barber: steady worK. 2032 Mission.
AVANTED— Good barber; steady. 1073 Market,
near Seventh.
AVANTED— A good barber, steady work, good
war,es. 2193 Powell st.
BARBER wants steady extra' Job. Address
box 3S7C. Call of flee.
NEAT, elderly gentleman to assist in lodging-
house. 126 Fourth st.
A MAN to wait at table In boarding-house. S.
W. cor. Bay and Webster sts.
FIRST-CLASS body-maker at O'BRIEN &
SONS', 500 Golden Gate ave. ,
THREE agents for rapid selling articles; big
profits: references. Iioxl994. Call office.
WANTED— A waiter at 907 Kearny st.
VEGETABLEMAN wanted. People's Res-
taurant. 631 Clay st.
PORTER wanted— Barber shop. 6 Market st.
THREE waiters for, first-class country hotel.
See party Russ House between 9 and 1.
WANTED— A waiter, good wages. 106 Second.
BOOTBLACK at 947 Fillmore st., corner McAl-
lister. , , .
AVANTED— Boy with horse and cart to deliver
evening paper route. Apply 973 Post st.
AVANTED— Walter at 1416 Howard St., Good
Llvins Restaurant.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every erade from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers.
we ar3 the people from -whom you .should
purchase: new upright pianos. $6 cash. *o p?r
month: other pianos. $3, $4 and J5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearny anJ Sutter sts.. San Francisco,
cor. Thirteenth and Uroadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the old»st and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
28. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tJis
customer. J
ONE Steinway. 1 Chlck^rlntr. $190: installment*
C to JM: rent *2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellia St.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. S5 payments;
for rent. <2 up. BRI'ENN. ?** Post st.
rAUlISTKV.
MME. Neergard. Pres. St. Oermaln College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to 9. 816 Geary, nr. Jones.
PASTURAGE.
300 TO 500 acres frre»n pasture, clover and wild,
j trrn!33s mixed, for horses or cattle. For
j terms nrpl" A. P. FT'LLER. Artloch. Cal.
rEnso.VALS.
E.— Letter recelvr-1 and disposed of as request-
ed; anxiously waiting for further news. . R.
LEDERER is the hairdresser that Kives you th«
very latest hair styles for 25c; Foanio Sham-
poo oc pkg. 122 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hcte!. 14 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 JO to $6 per weelc;
free 'bus and bassrage to and from the ferry.
Sl-'ITS to order on Installments: $15 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
i SdERER sells fine Switches for only $1: maks
them of your own hair at a small price.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted healer. 31
Kearny St.. room 11. cures nervousness, ln-
Bcminia. blindness. Bright' s disease, rujjture.
AHLBORN House. 313 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
ing German-American hotel cf San Francisco:
$1 per day and up: finest meals In city. 23c
LEPERER'S Quintonica hair tonic cleanses.
gives a fine gless: nothing like it: 35c bot.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
S50 Market st.. second floor, room 37.
LADIES" and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1131.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co., Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlng.ol.1 gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 50« Kearny it.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2<MtS Pacific ave.,
between Pierce and Scott: phone Steiner 3.r>t.
PHOTOGnAPlIIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. BacSui
studio. 11 Oeary st.. ground and top floors.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR Office and resldencej
1021 't Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL USTATB CITY FOH SALE.
FOR sale— A Bargain; at North Beach: new
house of 'J rooms, with concrete foundation,
high basement, patent closets, enameled tubs;
fine marine view. Box 3T.C9. Call office.
LOT 3C-teI2 l > level, and half block from Geary
Et; price $273. all cash. Apply ZTi Clement
St., Richmond. 1
j;S0O— MODERN 9-roonv house In choice location
on Waller St.. near Pierce. 1 block from
Halsht-st. cars; finished with marble st*p3.
frescoed ceilings, i wood mant?l3. hard-rin-
lshed basement, etc.; terms one-fourth cash,
balance $50 monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
FOR PALK — Magnificent piece of property; 3
frontages: centrally located: on two lines of
cars; suitable for fartory or any large build-
Ing. AiU!r«ss box 3554. Call.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plan* and estim.it<->> furnished for all
buildins work. CAMPBELL. 1117 Mission at.
MODERN cottage of 5 roorr.3 and bath. Sea
owner at 141 Twenty-seventh st.
TOR SALE— New cottage. 4 rooms: large lot;
21st and Douglass st*. : terms ea?y.
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY For Swlo
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of-ttM
3000 ranches on my SALE anil EXCHAXOEJ
list. More than a!! other agents in thin c!ty.
N. D. S1CKELS. the- land agent, g Ueary.
TO rent— Fmall ranch, suitable for cows and.
poultry, by respectable couple with good ref-
erences; or would take charge of place. Ad-
dress box 3515. Call office.
MENLO PARK— To rent, furnirh^.l oottaw: S
months. IIDCAR C. HL'MPHREY. Call bids.
A— PRINTED list. M. tJFilFFIN. 713 Market
st.. city and country property sold or exehngd.
FOR sale — Good-paying Investment: country
hotel: rented at J.'O. For particulars apply at
southwest corner Eddy and Taylor sts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
WANTED— 300 women to work on fruit can-
ning and preparing; steady work; * highest
wages. Apply immediately U. S. FHUIT
PACKING CO., Harrison ave. between Sev-
enth and Eighth, off Folsom.
'^HELP.' WAJTTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. PHONE GRANT X85
..."• ..HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....;.....
Head waitress, $25, and waitress, $20. same
springs; 2 waitresses, springs, $20; 4 wait-
resses, first-class city hotels, $20; 6 wait-
resses, commercial,' J25; 8 waitresses, country,
many of them fare paid: 2 chambermaids to
wait, city, 120; 2 chambermaids to wait,
country, $20, fare paid; 4 fancy lroners, city
and country, $30 and found; Nora Fenton,
please call: 3 extra waitresses. $1 a day
...'....... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Italian housekeeper. $15 and fare' paid; mid-
, die-aged woman for delicacy store, $15 and
board: nurse, one child, $20; German or Scan-
dinavian housekeeper country, $20 and fare;
houseglrl. Grass Valley, $20 to $25, choice
place; second girl, $25, country, and 50 house-
glrls, city and country C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st. . ¦
FIRST-CLASS chocolate dipper for large retail
store, city; call early; no office fee. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary ft.
WANTED— Cook, private - family, short dis-
tance. 55.".. see lady here to-day; cook, small
country- hotel, $30; laundress, small pieces,
and wash dishes, resort, $30; general house-
work, family of 2, city. $30; general house-
work. 6 in family, short distance. $30; cook,
summer boarders, Santa Clara County. $30;
cook, small country hotel, short distance. $35:
fancy ironer, hotel, $35; 4 chambermaids and
waitresses, short distance, $25: 6 waitresses,
f.rst-class private hotels, city. $20: starch
ironer. country, $30 and found: 2 chamber-
maids, short distance, $20; 50 Klrls for gen-
eral housework, /?Ity and country, $2ft. $23 and
$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter ?t.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Franclsci
Call, coixer cf Market and Third streets, ope:
tr.tll 12 o'clock every niEht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
eeraer Clay; cren until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until S:SO p. m.
CSS McAllister ftreet; epen until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1JU Misricn street; epen until 10 p. m.
CTCl Siission ttrect. corner Sixteenth; cpe:
tntil * r. rn.
106 Eleventh >trret: cren until 9 p. ra.
1096 Valencia street; o^.en until 9 p. rn.
SCoctfawest corner Tv.er.ty-secor.d and Ken-
tucky etr^e?«; r^en rn*i! !> n. m.
amnixo notices. •
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. '.. 11. >¦?!;• Jl
will mort TUIS (TOESDATI I^L.N-^*
ING. July i.".li. at ~:ZZ o'clock. 11. A. /V^C
degree. Uy orfler of the H. 1*. '
FRANKLIN DAT. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodze No. IX. T. ani A M B
321 IMdr Ft.— Meets THIS DF.MNo, J»
7:20 o'cl-vk. Sd I». /£-J^
GEO. I'E.VLINOTON, Secretary. *"
ORIENTAL Ijndgf No. H4. F. and A. m
M.-Fin-t Perree THIS (TUESDAY) _£%_
EVIIXING ?» ~:"<j o'clock. >5^s
A. *. HCBBAED. S?cr. *^r y
SAN FBAN'CIBOO Lodse No. 3. I. >2fiftl&^.
O. O. F.— Offloeri oii-l p-iemUr? : t££!Sjt£&
You ore hereby notified to assent- r ~3""S2*cS r
hie at cur looe~room. I. O. O. F. -''•'<"¦*«•
building, on TUESDAY. July 10, at ::O p. m .
for the purpose of atter^ins lh<j fur.eral \>i
our late brother, L. U. HETTV. P. O.
» J=. SAYWKLL. N. G.
GOLPEN fJATK Lodze No. 2H. I. jnoak
O. O. F.— lr.Fta!Iation of officers £&*X>m-
TUESPAY EVENING. July l.th. "^VS'cJr
Visltcrs cordially invited. '"..-..
E. LPTEET. N. G.
THE regular annual meeting of th» stock-
holders rf the Eir-.trscht Pnar nnd Bau Ve-
rein «rtH he h<*!d at the office of the vere'.n.
in Kintracht Hall. 2"7 Twelfth st.. on Tl'F.F-
DAY. July 10. :«no, at 7:30 p. in., for th<» pur-
pose of electing a l»inrd of directors for th»
«nfu'.r.(«: year an>! the transaction of such nther
business ar msv wme before the meeting.
Polls open from 7:31' to S:"<) p. m. Twer.ty-
cecnnd sfrieg now orwn for subscriptions.
F. TH'FPCHIIIDT. President.
HENRY GIIXE. Secretary.
ANNT7AL meetinc— The rejrular annual m»t-
Jr.p or the storkhoH-rs of The Pan Tranpisc.-*
er.<i Pan Jcacr-in Valley Railway Comsiny
will he l-.eM lit the crfice cf the company. No.
E51 Market rt.. Fan Francisco. CmL. on
TUESDAY, the J7th day of July. l?00. at the
hour c? 11 o" cleric f or^iTv^n. foi* th<? pu rpcs<?
cf electing ft Heard of Directors to serve for
the ensuir.R year, and the transaction of such
other business a* may come before the meet-
lrg. ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
ACE\TS WASTED.
J2M0 CAN be made durlne ti»xt « months Vy
hustling apents handling our while and fancy
rubber collars, cuffs, bosoms, necktlee; patent-
ed £U3rarue«>d coo.]*; inclOFe Ftamp for spe-
cial plan. M. & I.!. Mfc Co.. Springfield. Mass.
FOLICITOR war.ted at JALVNPTEIN & PLA-
TO r*r:r.tinc Corapp.ny. TAP Have? st.
ASTRO LOG V.
1IRP. Pa'ie I>;inn. scientific astrc'.ciclFt. etrictly
reliable on all matters jwrtair.ing to life and
ATTOttKBVS AT LAW.
R. VC. KINC". attorney at law. 327 Market Ft.,
room C27; ertrtcn. damages, attachment ;«.
bankruptcy, or.Ueotiors: all capes; fair foes;
no advance charges; tBOTKy^lOADed <n rstate.
ADVXCEE free: divorce law a rt>ecialt> ; private;
no fe* without soicceF«: oollections. G. W.
I-IOW'E. atty at law. K0 Market. or.Storkton.
ADVICE free: nn charpe unlesi" puccessfi^l. W".
W. PAVnafiOM. 9T7 Market sf.. opp. Mason.
L. P. OLAKK. i:mma pprcckels bldp.. S27 Mir-
VfT yt- crii«u!tntion free; rio fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
AI'TOMOBILrs- Fred WARD &. SON.
Apents. Frejnoirt Ft.
BATU CABINETS.
HOPINFON IS. «-panel folding: <5oor opens: firm
erd rnfe. AV. S. RKOWN. pen. airt.. *VH Ellis.
niCVCLKS — For Sale or Exchaoee.
OAK. II? — Boy"* hioyle in eood order; Fenton
make; «:'¦; tali a!ter 7 p. m.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS boujrht and exchanged.
Holmep Book Co.. 704 MifFlcn gt- near Third.
BBLGIAS HAHKS.
J3EI-GIAN" HAKES'.:
All the popular Ftralns at greatly reduced
price*. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
ASSOCIATION. Alarr.eda. Cal.
TUKOX. Red Kove-r and Bonanza Prince
b'jeks; pervice %1 M up. 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHOICE rED.IO.REED BELGIAN HAKES;
rhta?. 1CCS 1 - Butter Bt.
GOLDENGATEBELGIAN HARE CO..C0S Gol-
den Gate ave.. S.K.. s>X) rabbits for sale cheap.
DLSIXCSS CIIAXCES.
Ji. — J1T5O; PABT3CEB wanted In old-establ. cor
procery and l>ar on Third Rt. ; daily receipts
$35; retiring partner had to leave for north;
rer.t S4T; l»a.«se; rare chance. See R. O.
WILKE. 2G', Kearny ft. .
A — I1C:.O: CORXKH crorery and \,jlt. with 4 liv-
lr.p rwrns, <-n Mission Ft.: a first-class paying
buRinet-s and large, fre^h rtock Invoices the
price. Call R. O. WILKE, '2G\t Kearny st.
A STATIONERY, notions and t.rajich bakery
on Mission ST.: rrnt *12. Including 3 rooma:
owner kept Ftore 8 years; price JU50, or will
invoke. U. G. WILKK. :6'4 Kearny Bt.
J tntz ELEGANTLY mted saloon; established
yeajT=: in larKe private hotel; rent S*0; location
2 bUK-ka from Market ez. II. G. WILKE. £6V*
Keamy st.
A— $300: PARTNER wanted In coffee saloon
and chop house; close to Market Bt.: a splen-
did offer for the right man. Call K. G.
WILKK. tC-j Kearny st.
A— J4000; CORNEIi grocery and bar; estiblished
yeans and known as a money making place;
best location; clot:e to Chronicle building. See
It. G. WILKE. ;CS Kearny St.
A— $1500; CORNER; wine and liquor store; only 1
one block Ircm Market*, rent ttO; horse.
vaj?on and a large nock; fplemild paying
business : disagreement of rartnerB rau.«c of
eale. See It. G. WILKK. Bf*i Kearny st.
GRAIN warehouse business: rmbracing; enpine
and mill (MW); no competition; capacity I 1 **
tons; profits last year *ver $1700; Central Ala-
meda Co.; f3CK> buyn the entire plant: a rare
t«.nrain. II. II. C1UXE, Vih California st. .
FOR Fal»— Country hotel and bar at R. R. <le- |
fpot, nfar xh\r city; corr.pietely furnlyhed; sll
Al oondition; InveFtizate this. H. H. CRANK,
WS California ft.
A— 1450 J450 J4C0
» Restaurant
Leading ftreet
North Market
Hp-rdwood Iu>-ti!ture '
Fine |trorK>KitIi>n 1
Right party
BTCXBEHO CO.. !»:5 Market Bt. '<
FinST-CLASP dinine ar.d lunch paxI"r....JSno
TraJififer ': r. 1 <3eliver>* HuBlnesp complete.. TJV)
Book More clearing $200 a month 2399 j
Two fal'Xiris, both money coiner?; bargains. '
M. GlilFFIX. 715 Market St.. room 1, nr. Call, j
KIIIPT-CLASS butrher. about to ci»>n meat j
market, good lf>cality. wants partner: no ex-
perience Deeeaawrjr; shop complete with pood
fixturcf. icehouse, etc. Inquire for particulars
1033 Markot ct.« foom 2.
A— S2nr. : PAKTXER wanted in light «- K tablii=heil
buslnr-ss: t<x> much for one to look after; must
be satiyjicd with 11^ to t25 a week; trial given;
no experience required. S Geary et., room 2.
fU5. BRANCH bakery. can<ly notions, etc.: !
jrood icK-atlon; nine business: rent til; 3 fur- !
nished rooms. IAXE &. CO., 863 Market at.
NOTION. rtHtionerj' and bazaar; very cheap:
rent paid till Se:>tTnbor l; must be cold this I
week. IJox 12!^. <all office.
$10 KOn hH.!f of <-entrclly located ofKce. Ad-
<Jre^« box 1JS7. Call office.
SNAP; grocery and bar fur sale. Key at E
COHEN. Ol Market St.
SALOON, (rboiesale district;, day business;
comm'Tcial iunrh; cheap rent: J years' Isase:
Tine f.xturey; «jinple«e r-tock: no better offer
for ll."i!)u; brewery wUHhb to advance I'M
Box ZT.Z1. Call office. * ;
CANDY store for sale; g-ood stock and flxturtii-
low rent; r.o agents. 13% Hayes r.t.
BAKERY, clears, laundry and notion?; present
owner there € yean=. WT Third *=t.
2-EADING liote! in M-v.aerey; 3i rooms, parlor.
§<llnlnfr-roon?. kitcher.. bar; completely furn.:
will rent, fell or exchange. For particulars
write JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey. Cal.
FOR sale— cheap; <<.mplete outfit of erocery j
and barroom: Ftore to let: cheap rent: lease; j
best corner in Mission. Northeast corner of
Dolores and Valley pts.
FOR eale In San Uateo— Good dairy business.
Further particulars address X. Y. Z.. P. O.
CIGAR sttr-.d for rent cheap. Opposite rail '
real depot. Third and Towcsend st*.
FOR Kale-rir*t-claj<s restaurant! Address I*.
LA MM Kits. ia-t Mhaivn et.; no asentK. -
A KEKTAUitANT for sale; also living rooms.
1SS Second Et.
CANDY More for sale; Rood utock and fixtures;
low rent; no agents. 1SS Hayes et.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
ENTERPRISING bueinessX3>e7^r~th<"iT5ome:
right at home; parties wanted with capital to
build water-power machinery tg operate on
principal rivers; thousands of machines can
be rut in use: now is the time; farmers need
water: machinist or engineer preferred. Box
S03S. Call office.
FOR Eale— A strictly good'businefi; restaurant;
109 chairs end feeding 100 people: bakery us-
ing 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon:
lodging-houee. 24 rooms, newly lumished;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American liaktry an£ Kestaurant, LJukera-
r>ld. Cnl.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc: fln«
location; place is entirely covered; contains 3
I rtalls; rent only $13; water free. Inquire WM.
; HEXPRICKfiQN * CO.. €H Call bide.
• DON'T miss tlie tripods ar.d lamps at the .
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Ur:;ry; other bargain*.
COFFEE and tea routes pupnlled' from GEO.
V. CAPWEIX. fr. CO.. 412 Pacramer.to fit.
CLA.«S1F1KI) advertisement!" nnd subscriptions
rwelved at Call branch office. 2I00Fil!more st.
J A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
! RUbucriptions lias been established at 10SC Va-
j Xf-r.-'.rK st. ' •
LODGING-HOUSES FOH SALE.
j 27 HOUSES. $;M to ?30": part on time.
1 :<: hou^-.eb of ;» to 2't rooma, tSOO to $nco.
I II ln.ysf-s of ""' to 41 rooms: fine, paying bfjr.
I Ix<:>p iitt. Call on M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market
Ft., room 1. r.r. Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S».C. '
! 9.-ROOM hcu»e. nicely furnished, near Jones j
j and Eddy: must Foil Monday: ?GW; cheap at
j JM00. C. I) DAVIS, room 0?, 916 Market St.
j $19(V>_5:CAP; C2 rooms; nil rented: fine loca-
; ti'in; near Market st. BASILB, 3 Kddy st. [
1 FOR* SALE— Chenp : The Astor: elegantly fur- ]
nishpil; ;¦." roorr.r; nn account of sickness. I
Ai'vly 11W Markot st. j
1 CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
i WHEN you l>«-<-nine disgusted with poor work
1 pervi to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ine Works. :r.3-3;.7 Tehama s«t.: tel. S. 40.
: SANITARY Carpet Oeanir.2 and Dyeing Co.,
i 3'.2-344 McAllister st.; phone South 145.
I J.- H. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating «nd Reno-
ratine (V>.. J?M 14th et. : tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam rarp«t-H«ating Works, G. H.
I BTEVEXS. mtrr.. SS-4Q Sth st.; tel. South 250.
i J. Mi QUEEN'S California ''arpft Cleaning Co..
! 4D3 Ptevens^n Ft.. t«l. South 22S: lowest rates.
! .CAR PETS clf-sned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
J _j?TRATTON'.S. : Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
i ADVANCE Oirpet Cleaning Co.; 402 Sutter St.;
I tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
! COXKI.IN'S Carpet-Beating Works. ZZZ Golden
Gate ::v*-.; telephone l"a c t I2C.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
! MF"Y. of all kinds of phnta buttons and jewel-
ry: wholesaie and retail; rer.il for t-atalogue.
r.Tinlatnry Portrait rn.. fiST Market St.. P. F.
CARRIAGES A NO WAGONS.
ALT- kirsjs of wagons. bugsW. carts, harney*
•>t<-.. cheap. EAGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single. a!sr> light
! camping wagon for sale ch?ap. ~£'Z Mission.
I NEW & ;d-hard wacrons. buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving hor^ps. lrltti & \ r alenola.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
i GEORGE W KELLVS Apc.-icy— No charge un-
less, successful. Room 310. S27 Market t>t.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, in-
corjiorated: money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LIST.
COTTAGE. 3 rooms and bath. 3?35 Twenty-
lift h ft.; rent $'.'.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms and bath. 3S33 Twenty-
fifth st. ; ront ta. •
Sl'IRITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. &T.S Mis-
s-ion Ft.: readings daily. 23c, 60c and Jl; cir-
cles Tuesdays. Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday evening. ]0e.
MRS. HAULAXD'S test circle to-ni^ht; sealed
letters read. i''c; sittings. SI. 14S Sixth, r. 1.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium; readings dally: clr.
Tu.p., Kri.. 2. 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. KOTTER. Fpiritual medium;. sittings; G.
$1. U :*¦<: cir. Mo.. Wed.. Fri.. 10c. .",4 Sixth.
MMK. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
605 McAllister ft.. We; come skeptics.
PROF. GEE. medium: readings. EOe and $1: clr.
every nieht. 10c. 1206 Market, cor. G. G. ave.
THIS week only— Full Elttlnss 25c. WATSON,
medium, palmist. 15S1 Market St.. near 12th.
• 'WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
KIMfr. 10 a. m. to S p. m.. Sundays included.
MRS. J. jTwHITXEY. clairvoyant, test, business
mi-cilum, life reader; fitting $1. 1104 Market.
CLAXR V O VA N TS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, the weli-Known trance me-
dium, perir.anent-y located at 207> Turk St.,
may fct consulted on all affairs of ltfe; she
will rhew vc.u how to overcome your enemies:
remove family troubles: restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar-
anteed iiy mail: F"nd ?tamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 203 Turk
st... r>f ar Jones.
MME. LA.N'CE, the Tjm *t clairvoyant, tells past.
future; never failfl'.ias the greatest Egyptian
pecret: fhows picturO future husband or wife;
iff 2."ic and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays. 11C7 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second gl?ht,
diagnoses disr-a.«e with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents Jl: palm. & clalr.: sit. Jl 30. ]2C Turk et.
MME. ZEKEKA.the gypsy, is the great palmist
and card read**, 2r«-. 5 Seventh st. ; no sign.
MMK. HANSON, palmistry; card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 14$ Sixth St., room 14.
MME. REXXKIl. S1SU Geary (?aratosa court),
clair\oyant. life and plant reader; ladies: 25c.
MRS. CAUEBON, card reader; best advice; 25c
up. 823 Mission «.. nr. Fourth; ring bell.
MISS MELVILLE, trreat clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921',4 Mission, <-p. Mint.
MMK. Aujrust, clairvoyant, card reader: palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 23c & COc. 1149 Mission.
MME fCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212'-4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names clven: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
banrl's picture: 25c: ladies. S14 O'Farrell st.
DEJITISTS. '
AT the I-:LECTRO-DKN"TATT7?L7Snc?"So9~lIar^
ket Et., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 :.u up; pla<es. extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours S a. m. to 1» p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, brMRes
and fillings; extraction or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
l>erience: Tin students: advice free; prices
cheapest and E ua ronteed; lady attendants,
lilt GEORGK W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
OK. LUDLIM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No cliarge for extractine when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extracting. 60j; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 225 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set C f teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— ¦•PainlesR"; evenlriK" and Sun-
days. 1001 Market et.. corner Slnh.
SET o7 teeth vlthout pjate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk gt. ¦"¦• - ¦ *
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. HUZARD'S Dor Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 7.'<c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. Wept 636.
DRCREELY'S C. P.roange cure ar.d worm pills
hy druggists of at hospital. 510 Golden Gateav.
DBLBSSMAKJ3RS AM» SKAMSTniJ.SSDS
S. F. I>res«rr:a'Klng. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring syst^in taught. 411 Van Ness.
KEMOVED— McDowell Drc«=!>r.iakinsr MUllnery
Koh.wl to 1C19- Market ft., above Sixth.
PARISIAN t!re?«maklng. 3S7 Geary st.; dre«s»s
made, J5 up; dresses made over; perfect tit.
MME. REMBERT, 530 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school: any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds plt-at-
Ing. pinking. 121 1'ost.over O'Connor&Moffatt.
KDR'ATl O X AI,.
AYRES* Business Colleee. 723 Market St.; rife
scholarship, $.¦»; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping:, telegraphy; day and evening;
Just added, new business practice offices arid
20 new typewriters.
ALL rtudentsbut two taking full course this
veir got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market «L
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.;
th« coming school; thorough; up-to-date: all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec mining, mech. sur-
". ey. assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 833 Market.
LAW schools. S27 Market. K. F.. and S>05 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, gramma*, writing,
etc.; day or eve,; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, ir. ttl».
? EDUCATIONAL. _^
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater. 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd. to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Poet 8t.,
S. F.; founded 1863; 80-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japansse-Chlnese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic eerv. 417 Powell: tel. Clay S6.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese htlp. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black o072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help fuyi. : tel. John 212L iQ*\? .Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Oftice—
Best help. 411J£ O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT AVAXTED — FEMALE.
A COMPETENT German cook; first-class
French cook; Swedish second girl: neat young
second girl : also a competent woman with a
child: pood cook and houseworker, city or
country, fcert of references. MIS3 CULLEN,
123 Suttor Ft.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or country: willing and
obliging; references If required. 322 Ivy ave,
lift ween Octavi.i and I-aguna sts. •
IMMEDIATE situation as general helper in
restaurant kitchen by quick, willing, experi-
enced woman. Call or address 10 Beimont
place., off .Seventh, near Bryant.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants any
kind of work by the day. Call or address
2213'rj Mason Et.
\ NEAT German girl wishes situation to do gen-
j eral houaewcrk; waces $20 to $25. Apply ehce
I shop on Steiner st., near California.
j SWEDISH girl wishes housework nnd cook-
ing; wastes $.>i> or 125. Call at 1J2 Fourteenth
i street, near Howard.
i YOUNG girl wishes to assist in light houee-
j work. Call at 731Vi Clementina st^ .;
: GIRL wishes situation, general housework. 41
: Hoff ave.. off Sixteenth Bt.
j SWEDISH cirl. lately arrived, wishes a place;
1 general housework. Call 24 Welch St.. upstairs.
lA.YOl'NG woman wants to do light house-
j woik: no washing; good home. Box 1993. Call.
I COMPETENT woman wants situation for
! cooking, downstairs work. 1022 Larkin^
\ SITUATION wanted— Competent girl general
housework, good plain cook. C03 Ash ave.
CAPABLE woman with a child wishes position
as housekeeper, city or country. 13K Hayes -st.
• A YOUNG eirl wants to do housework. Call
¦ lit £?7 Ivy ave.
D R liss M Mil N Ci— A perfect fitter in tailor and
j evening siHts. $150 per day. 244 Taylor street.
< PEHFKCTj Vienna dressmaker wishes work
in private families. Address H. F.. 2116 How-
ard Ft. Tailor made suits a epcclaHyj
¦ RESPECTABLE intelligent lady would keep
house for eldPrly. refined person: pleasant
1 lmme more than "wages; no triflers. Box ZZ-20,
j call. ;
i YOUNG woman wishes position as second Kiri
j In American family. 6r>0 Willow ave.
' WINCHESTER House. 44 Third »t.. near Mar-
I ket- 200 rooms; 2:-c to Jl 50 night; $1 60 to $«
j iveek; convenient and respectable; free bus
i nnd baggage to and from ferry.
1 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
1 received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i F'jb'crirtlons has been established at 1096 Va-
i lprr la Pt.
I KMI'LOVMBXT WANTED MALE.
GARDENER, married, steady man, wants situa-
tion on lirivate place; take care of horses,
cows, can run gasoline engine; handy with
I - to* Is; best references; letters. Gardener, post
box 3?2. Kan Rafael, Marin Co^
YOUNG man desires position in private fam-
ily, understands gardening, horses, can milk
ami will "lake himself useful around place;
good references. Hex 1991. Call.
HANDY man and all-round mechanic, reliable
and trustworthy, wants steady job. Box 1995,
Call offlc<? :
BAKER— First class foreman wants dace as
such, bread and cakes; city or country. Ad-
j dress Baker, 225 Third st. Oakland^
GOOD all-round cook wants a place; city or
A JAPANESE as waiter or housewofker In a
family who speaks and writes English fluent-
j ly. J. K.. 22 Prospect ave.
WANTED — Job In a furniture and carDft
! house, expert carpet layer. Box 1992, Call.
! SITUATION wanted by man as gardener,
'¦ hostler or to do general work around place;
) city or country: reference. Box 4400, Call.
! AN experienced wheelwright wishes a situa-
tion. D. BOULET, cor. Broadway and Mont- 1
gomery, Golden Eagle Hotel. '
A YOUNG man of reflnecl appearance wants
situation as coachman and gardener on July
15; reference. Address Box 11, San Mateo. Cal.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
1 lencta tt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS;
GKORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
lOTUs Market (near 7.th)— Examinations frea;
German eye water by mall, 50c; see City Di-
rectory. Phone Mint 257.
EYES examined free: spectacles properly ad-
JUfted. N. Mara^se. nrullKt optician. 910 Mkt.
\ —
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages, etc. A. M." SPECK <fc
CO. CC7 Market Bt.
EC9 Geary; f., 7 r....$31 191." Devlsadero.f., 6r.$13
19S2 Eddy: f.. 6 r 25 1512 O'Farrell; f.. 4 r. 15
793 Haight; I., 6 r.. £3 417 Jones: f.. 6r 2o j
579 Geary; f.. 5 r. 2G Do 72 'Webster; f.. 6r... 25
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay-windows; !
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 4174 Third.
DEARBORN. 8. off Seventeenth, near Valencia
— 5 rooms and bath: rent J14 CO. . I
FULTON. 140— Extra fine flat; 7 rooms; bath;
near City Hall; $35.
GROVE. 14— Few steps from City Hall; ele-
gant sunny top flat; 6 rooms nnd bath.
GROVE, 818— Flat of 7 sunny rooms and attic;
front and side gardens, electric lighters; also
lower floor of 6 rooms; furnished or unfur-
r.ishc-d; stable If desired of 4 stalls; carriage
floor: coachman's room, etc.; suitable for phy-
pician: Tent $30 and T35. Apply on premises,
or MADISON & BURKE.
HYDE, 731, near Sutter— New top flat, 6 rooms,
bath, storeroom; sun all day; electricity and
all modern improvements. Inquire EASTOX
6 ELDRIDGE, C38 Market St.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN* HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
LOVELY sunny 5-room Hat: rent ?20. Sia^i Elm |
ave., near Van Ness and Golden Gate.
MISSION. 1613%. near Eleventh-2 flats of 6
lari(e sunny rooms; bath and yard; laun-
dry: rent $18 and 122. ..;¦:
NINETEENTH", 39S0, 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars — Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room flat; sun all day; rent $18; water free.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— 3-roomed flat; bay-wln-
dowk.
SEVENTH. 46, near Market— Flat, 4 sunny
rooms: closets, etc.; rent reasonable. ..
TO let— £2 Harriet St.. cor. Folsom: 4 sunny
rooms; yard: rent $13: water free; apply In
grocery. J. D. W1LKINS.
UPPER flat 5 ntce sunny rooms; porcelain bath
tubs. 2£3O Pine et.
$9—8 ROOMS; sunny corner. 6 Zoe st., nr M.
$12—6 ROOMS and bath; in gcod repair. 171SA
Leavenworth st. .
J21 50 — A SUNNY upper flat; 6 rooms and bath.
1732 Baker st.. near California.
FUUMTIHE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50, with No.
7 rang-. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
HOUSE for sale of 7 rooms; nicely furnished;
raasonable. 1150 Mission St.
FURXITVRR AVAXTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 7771^s7lon"8t'., U ~pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 MirFlonr tel. Red 3353.
HKL1» WAI. TED— FKJIALE.
FIRST-CLASS German or Swedish cook, city,
$si); American family. Vallejo, 125, no objec-
tion to a woman with a girl not under 6
years; Martinez, $20; Sonoma, ?25; German
cook, institution. $30; second girl, Berkeley
$20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— 3 girls for general housework across
the bay; wages $30: 4 cooks, city, $25 and J30;
2 waitresses. 120: 130 houseglrls.' S15. $20 and
£25. MRS. NORTON, 31S Sutter st.
A GOOD . German cook, 2 In family. $2;;
second girl, $13; 2 waitresses, same hotel. $20
each, and a number of hous;glrls, $15 to $25.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— A young lady- for office work: must
have knowledge of bookkeeping. S: N. WOOD
& CO.. 718 Market ft. ¦ v r.. :-... .
ELDERLY woman to tend to young child and
do light upper housework. 626 Sacramento st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
5 A— MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5S«
- ¦ Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
» .."...'. Want 7 a. m. To-Day..............
• - WE SHIP FREE ......
7263 men for all parts of California, Utah.
, Washington, Arizona. Hawaiian Islands. Ore-
> Ron. Nevada and British Columbia
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
r and no other expenses to Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara districts, we ship you to-day,
9 a. rn. and 5:30 d. m. for S. P. R. R. labor-
ers and teamsters $2 and $2 23 a day
COME ONE— COME ALL
1 FREE TO
Salt Lake City (Utah), division free
; \\adsworth (Nev.) division free
. Sacramento (Cal.) division free
A\ estern, Fresno, Madera, Bakersfleld dl-
s visions '. free
Coast divisions of California free
Truckee division of California, also Duns-
1 muir free
laborers, teamsters, etc, regular wages paid.
office fee $1 free fare
FREE FARE CALL EARLY
; 36 drillers and hammermen $T5
I 150 laborers. Inside work, free fare $«0
"5 hard-rock miners » $73
¦ MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
, A— MECHANICAL HELP
; 32 blacksmiths, horseshcers, wagon makers.
; carriage makers, wood workers and black-
! smiths' helpers, $3. $2 60. $2 day; $53, $60. $50.
$45, $40, $30 and found; come, see
1 B coopers 5 bricU molders
3 harness-makers
6 cabinet makers spool tt-nder
coremaker and 53 other mechanics, wag»s
run from $4, $3 50, $3, $2 50, $2 a day and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— COME and get our list, containing
7236 different jobs. MURRAY & READY.
A— STABLES. FACTORIES. FRUIT PICKERS
: 43 stablemen, bussy washers, hostlers, har-
ness cleaners, etc.. city and country, $50, $40,
$35, J30 and $25 and found; coachman and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city
$1 75 day
126 men to pick fruit 528 and found
SPECIAL
3S<5 laborers, teamsters, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, $2 50, J2 25. -$2. $175 clay; many for
city positions and board home
6 FARMERS AND WIVES
MURRAY <U READY. 634-636 Clay St.
I — - - — T.
A-FAHMS. ORCHARDS DAIRIES. HAK
....PRESSES, VINEYARDS, HAY AND....
HARVEST FIELDS
3I6 farm hands $35. J30, $26 and found
125 haying hands $1 25 to Jl JO day and fc
86 harvest hands, $1 ;.O to $2 a day and founc
56 dairy hands, milkers, butter and chees<
makers, $40, $35. $30 and found: come, cee —
36 chore men and boys. $30. $26. i2Z. $20. fli
and found
5' sheep herders, fare $1 £0 $25 and founc
superintendent for large orchard and vineyard,
MURRAY & READY. 63t-636 Clay at.
A— TO M IN E S . 7. '. MINES
GOLD MINKS. SILVER MINES, OTHER
, MINES. ...
i"3 miners, single hand, different Jobs $7i
C machine miners, gold mine $SH
32 miners, single hand, excellent Job
.'. $60 and founri
52 laborers for a large mine, $40 and $43 pei
wontn, including board and lodgings; If you
give (satisfaction will be advanced as laborers
at $60 per month with board and lodglnss;
special, good, steady jobs; remember all the
above laborers for all mines need "no experi-
ence"
185 laborers, different mines. $50, $4S. $42. $40,
$35 and found, fares from $1 SO. COME. SEE..
CROWDS MURRAY & READY,
GOING DAILY 634-636 Clay St.
A-BAKERS.. BUTCHERS. .LAUNDRY HELP
18 bakers, first, second and third hands, $55.
j {50. $45, $40, $35 and found, for all parts of
California ; first" hand, J50; second hand, $W
and found, same country Job, boss here and
fare paid
3 boys or young men to work in bakeries, $20,
$15 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 8
butchers, shops, wagons, slaughter houses,
etc., $40, $35. $30 and found; COME SEE
15 laundry men. washers, markers, starchers,
polishers, ironrrs. etc., $35. $40. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL CANDY and OTHER DEPT'S
63 cooks, also 5 third, 5 second hands, broil-
er*, etc., $6a, $C0, $55. $50, $45. $40. $3G. $30, $25
and found; 32 waiters, .COME SEE. $35, $30,
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and camps.
$30 and found. YOU'LL SUIT
39 dishwashers city and country
$30. $25. $20 and found
9 porters and bell and elevator boys
bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter, saw-
mill company
man to help in bakery of a mine.. $30 and fd
lunch counter man $35 and found
candy-maker, etc. All the above Jobs are for
hotels, mine"!, restaurants, camps, cafes,
ranches, sawmills, shops, factories. hay
presses resorts. Institutions, etc. ML liFtA V
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A-40 CARPENTERS 40 CARPENTERS
WITH OB WITHOUT TOOLS. TO BUILD A
LARGE FLUME. ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK, USING HATCHET AND
HASIM-ER and company will furnish toois.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY. 631
and 636 Clay st.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
to 35 Sa** mills, etc
No Experience Wanted
C63 men for 60 different jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $20 to $40 per
month nnd found
Aloo lumber pliers. bark peelers, $40 an.l
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, in
fact, we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc.. $S0. $75, $00. $120, $60.
$S0. $40, $30 acd found: 584 woodenoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3, $2 50. $2. $1 f.o. • $1 and 75c cord; ehmgle
Joiner, shingle packer; 25 laborers for a saw-
mtll. fare paid, $40 and found
20 laborers for a sawmill $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63fi Clay st.
FOREMAN for woods; also foreman for saw-
mill; also 20 woodsmen, all for Oregon: car-
penters for ranches; blacksmith for a foun-
dry, $3 a day; 6 lronmolders, $3 CO a day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-G36 Clay st.
BOY about 16 years old for peddling fruit, $4 50
to $6 a week. 563 Natoma st., between Sev-
j enth and Eighth, in morning.
j DISHWASHER wanted at 204 Sixth St. Myrtle
j Bakery. *-
DISHWASHER wanted-Must carry trays. 37
j Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wanted. Apply at Bay
State Restaurant, 29 Stockton st.
WANTED— Man to help In kitchen. Call be-
tween 8 and So'clock, 71S Valencia st.
"WANTED— Steady man; llRht indoor work ;
will pay $RO per month, with chance of in-
j crease; small capital. 1016 Market, room 10.
WANTED— A good all round blacksmith; -good
wages; steady Job. Apply to J. O'SHEA, Sev-
enteenth and Vermont sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
50c. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 31 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., < San Francisco, Cnl., 630 K
St., Sacramento, Cal., or 10^3 J St.. Fresno. Cal.
SMART clean boy for Office. FINK & SCHIND-
LER, 1308 Market st.
WANTED— Manager for Irrigated ranch who
thoroughly understands raising early melons.
Call or address, room 60. 265 O'Farrell st.
; JEWELERS— 328 Bush St., third floor. 'room 4.
WANTED — 2 and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
; early Monday at 527 14th St.. near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
; runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN "and women to learn barber trade: small
wages whil? learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.,*near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c nicht: reading room; free
'bus and bagsrage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, cojner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 23c per night; 75c to $2 per. week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
Uuiiii.3, I.I » r. Aikjetv. t.u- lur »uir"
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses. Just arrived, welshing from 1000 to
l&OO pounds: the horses can be fvr\ now at
the Staniford Stables. 3GS-3H; Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugeles,
carts, harness. . Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN fc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A NEW lot; 25 driving and work horses from
' Haggln's rnnrh; matched pair pacers. Sales-
yard 17Si. Mkt.. CHASE & MENDENHALL.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes;
cheap; best in city. 721 Howard St., nr. Third.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY'S. 2170 Market St.; Castro
st. cars pass the door.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave. *
liOliSKS .TO LKT. : _
A^PRTN^TETTTTBTI^riouses ~{o letV send for "clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CQ,. 14 Montgomery.
BAY-WINDOW house. 4 rooms: 212 Perry St..
near Fourth; rent $10; water free. Apply to
G. H. UMBgEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
DOLORES. 641. near Twentieth— Bunny home;
water free; large garden. ;
KBARNY. 1557— $8: house of 6 rooms; Just like
living In the country..
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST— On Sunday eve., July 8, a fleur-de-lis
pin; blue enamel gold back; liberal reward.
Landlady. 1096 Post St.. cor. Polk.
LOST— Monday afternoon. July 9. ladles' gold
watch, cor. Sixteenth and Mission; return to
1935 Mission and receive reward.
$5' REWARD— Bundle leather, marked Glovers-
vllle, N. Y. Return to grocery Sixteenth and'
Potrero aye. »
'LOST— July S. white spitz dog; answers Sport.
Reward, 47 Tehama st.
LOST— A large Maltese cat. Sunday. 1219 Fill-
more st. : reward.
LOST— Lady', watch; small diamond in the
back, gentleman's picture in front; reward.
Return to 1S12 Geary st^
' FOUND— Gloves and prayerbook. B. H. SYL-
; VESTER. 339 Franconia ave.
FOUND— Large brown dog. Box 3540. Call.
, MEDICAL.
mTisTT5K~KOHlT removed to 448 Eddy st..
with Mrs. l>r. Guyer. the well-known and
reliable ladles" physician; guaranteed treat-
ment at office, $5; a home for patients before
and during confinement; consultation free;
hours. 9 to 5 and 7 to R; Sundays, 10 to 2. ,
41C Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde. ,
DrT oT W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned ;
ladies' specialist: safe nnd reliable; has prat-- j
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou- j
sands of cases successfully: treatment can be
used at home: consultation frw. After all
others fail call on him. 1023'i Market gt.
DR.S. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialist,
has xeturned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure ?.>: have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1C07H Market* St.. near 6th.
MRP. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement: treatment at
office. S3; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 912 Post tt.. bet. Hyde and Lnrkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1025 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist: home in conflnment; safe and reli-
able; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late or Canton. China; dls-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento.cor.Keamy;adviee free.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market— Ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late sci-
entific methods; treatment $5.
DR. WISE (YS). the ladies' specialist. HIS
Market st. ; every ca?e guaranteed: $5 up.
NICE relinble home for confinement; reason- I
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis- j
eases of the human body. 113 Mason st. ¦Same owners with Allen & L.ooney > (con
tractors), architects same, gas fitting., plumb
ing, marble and tiling for same on same, JS050.
Society of California Pioneers (owners) with
Hannah Bros, (contractors), architects Shea &
Shea, carpenter and mill work., painting, tint-
Ing, hardware, glass, etc., for' alterations and
additions to third floor of Pioneer building on
SW Pioneer place and Fourth street." $3300.
Mary L, Phelan (owner) with Andrew aicFl
roy (contractor), architect William Curlett. all
alterations and additions to a two^tory frame
residence on SW Seventeenth and Valencia S
2SC. \V 100. S 26. W IS". N 37, E 100. X 275, E 212
JIB TO, J2S.149.
Charles Burger (owner) with Charles Koenlg
(contractor), architect Charles Paff, all work
for a two-story frame building (four flats) on
W line of Minnesota street, between Twcaty
flrst and Twenty-second; J6C00.
Edwnrd K. Delger (owner) with XV. B..Ander
son (contractor), architect Hermann Barth
all work except painting and electric work for
a stable and fence on lot on NE corner'of Fair
Oaks nnrt Twenty-fifth streets, E 150, N 110
W 50. 8 50. W 1U0. S 60; JIT970.
W. U. Bradbury (owner) with Wybro-Hendy
Company (contractors), | architect— One electric
elevator, etc.. in building on corner Van Ness
avenue and California street. $1430.
In Abstract 2709, .Tune 27. 1900. In the Fourth
Bulldlntr Contract Union Trust Company, trus
tees estate Samuel l.nckmnn (owner) with
-lames A. Wllbon (contractor) the total should
be tb'.^. ¦ .
Builders' Contracts.
Timothy Clancy to H. J. t'raf, lot on S line
of Vallejo street, 137:6 E cf Taylor, E 29 S
C9:l 7 * W 20, N" G7:9; J40O.
Adele S. and John M. Chretien to S. A.
Brocks, lot on S Hn* of Green street. 137-6-AV
of Powell, W <6:3 by. S 13T:6: *10.
Marie and Ktienne Sabatle to Ia Societe
Francjilso de Bten Falsance Mutuelle, lot on
N line c;f Jackson street. 6H:0 \V* of Dupont \V
34:4',i by N 6!<:9; also all Interest in estate of
A. IS. fabiitie; tltt.
<1abritIIe and J. B. Hamon to same, same
no.
12. M. Herrick and Thomas E. Curran (trus
tee!') tt> Jamea A. McMahon. lot on SW corner
( f Twenty-second and Church streets, 8 55 by
W 100; also tot on W line of Church street 80
H of Twenty-second. S 23 by W 100; JJ.
Security Loan Association to.Jonn J. Cordy
lot on N line of Jersey t,treet, 178:3 XV of Cas
tro. W 24:4 by N 114; J1C0O.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association to
Joseph liutchlnfon, lot on S line of Twenty
first street. US W of Noe. W 25 by S 114; $10.
Jubn F.-and Wi!helmin<? or Anna C. W Eng
lish to Sarah A. O'Reilly, lot on \V line of
Harrison Htreet, 235 S of Twenty-second S
•::. by W 122:6; $10.
Mary and Philip O'Donncll to WIMIant A.
San^stef, same; $10. \
City and County of San Francisco to Charles
Cjhmfs.1, lot on NW corner of Fell and Scott
Ftreets, W 23 by N 100; ? .
Estate of William H. Walson Sr. (by William
H/ Hoaf* and Joseph Wlnterburn, executors) to
J. F. Kennedy, lot on SE corner of Gough and
IMn- streets, S 33, E 27, >.' 3, E 54:3, N 30, \V
Sl:3; ?Q37.
FlFtcher-Ryer Company (dissolved), Robert
H. Countryman. Richard F. Fletcher, Thomas
A. Perkins and Blanche Ryer (as trustees) and
Fletcher F. Ryer (trustee) to Fletcher F. Ryer
lot on S line of Jackson street, 90 K of Octa
via. E 47:6 by S 127;S*4 : also lot on Sn corner of
Francisco and Mason streets, S 137;6 by E 137:6;
also lot on SE corner of Pine and Pansome
streets. E GS:9 by S 37:6 and party walls: also
lot on NE corner of Powell and Hush streets
E 137:6 by N 137:6, W 70, S 69, W 67:«, S €S:b'
tin.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Andrew Bosquet to Anna M. Bosquet, lot on
N line of Washington street. 170:6 W of Frank
lin. W 33:9 by N* ir?:S«,i: also lot on E line of
OouKh- street, 90 N of Ellis, N 30 by E in3:Ui;
also umlivjdcd half of lot on X line of Olive
avenue, commencinc l?0 N of Ellis, thence N
17:6 by 103:l'i: also lot on \V line of Hyde, So
N of OFarrell. N 27:6 by \V 82:8; B ift.
FORKIGN* PORTS*. .
STP.NET- Sailed July 6— Stmr Alameda, for
San Franrisco.
ANT\VKRP-."alle<l June CO-nr ship Manx
K:ns. for ,Sa:i I' rarolcco.
HAVRE— -Sailed June IT— Fr bark Alice, for
HAMBURG— Sailed May 21— Rr fhip Astra
rana, tor orrcon. via Han Dipko. April 19— 13r
ship CarneJd Llewellyn, for Seattle.
OCEAN STKAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived July 9— Stmr Kal-
Fer Wlihelm der ("rosse, from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 9— Stmr Empress of
Irvfla. fmni Hongkong and Shanghai, for Van
couver. B C.
GIBRALTAR- Sailed July 9— Stmr Ems, for
New York.
Arrived July 0 — Ptmr Aller, from New York.
A1(:KLAND— Sailed July 3-Stmr Alameda.
for San Francisco.
CHERBOURG— Balled July S— Stmr Frieder
ich iier <'rosfie. for New York.
NAPLES— Sailed July 6— Stmr Ems, for New
York.
Continued From Page Eight.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SHERWOOD. Tenn.. July 9.— Henry
Vote was shot and killed from ambush
to-day. The assassin has not been appre
hended, i
Shot From Ambush.
LIVERPOOL. July O.-FIre broke out
to-day at the sheds of Elder, Demster &
Co., at the Liverpool docks. Large quan
tities of palm oil caught fire and blazed
fiercely. The flames spread to the com
pany's steamers Benulla. Bonny and
Oron. which, however, were towed to
places of safety and the« flames on board
of them Vr'ere extinguished.
Fire at Liverpool Docks.
VERNON. Tex., July 9.— John and Ed
ward Brewer, wealthy cattlemen, were
shot and killed near here by B. K. Nor
rip. The traced}' occurred over business
affairs. Norris was arrested.
Killed by a Texan.
Cattlemen John and Edward Brewer
SLAYS TWO BROTHERS.
Sacramento; juiy 9.— Dr. h. h. ijqok
of this city, who went to Juckson, Ama
flor County, n week afro for the State
Board of Health, to tnvestijrate the small
pox epidemic there, returned to-niR-ht. He
s?ays there were thirty-five cases up to
last night, hut all of a very mild type, and
all have been quarantined. The disease
was BO mild that several persons passed
through the first stapes before they knew
they had smallpox, and even the doctors
were deceived. In this way it spread.
Dr. Look Eeports That the Jackson
Epidemic Is Very Mild
INVESTIGATED SMALLPOX.
I'ostmnsterx commissioned: Californta — Al
burn. Hiram II. Richmond: "PleaBant Grove,
Fred Chester Tierce; Arrowhead, Caroline S.
Steveris.
Washlnnton: Original — Don Pangrborn. Clear
hrook. ?C. Additionnl— James Fletcher. Wlllapa,
fH; William F. Crawford. Montesano. ?H. In
crease—Julius Forester, Olympla. $S; Charles W.
Hobart, Tacoma, $3fi. Mexican war survivors,
increase — Joseph Longmlre, Olympla. $20.
California: Original—Jacob Schmidt, Redwood
City. J0; Thomas* P. McKenzle. Fine Grove. $S;
Thomas Cathers. Salinas, ?6: Frank M. Wood,
Oakland. *S; John C. Anderson, Monrovia, $12;,
August Rcnve. San "FrancUco, $6; Christopher
Woo.is. Soldiers' Home, bos Angeles. $10. Ad
ditional—Thomas McNulty, San Francisco, $10.
lni-reas»-Lnui» Henoc San Francisco, $10:
Charles P. V. Watson. Los Angeles. »S; Ole An
derson. Fort Jones, $12: Robert 8. WriRht. Sol
diers' Home. Ixts Angeles*. |R; Kdward Falvey,
San Praneisco. $12: ManassAs M. Flory. San
lirrnanllnn. t*. Reissue and Increase — Kdward
C. Ketchum. Soldiers' Home. Loa AnReles.. $12.
Original widows— Sarah p;ivira C. L'phani, I^os
Anjreleg, $20; Mary Huey, San Diego, »*>; Jennie
U; Schlnkri. San Diego, |S. War xvlth Spain—
Kusenf J. Owen. Han Francisco. $1".
Orecnn; Oritrinal— OeorKe \V. Keen. McMinn
vlllc tr,; <-harle« Fry. dead. Vernon, $12. Ad
ditional- Joel A. Stuart. Oregon City, $S: Georffu
\V. Cress. Kyser, IS. Original wldown— Sally J.
Maleborti. Langlois. $17. SurvlvorH Indian wart.,
lncreaFP — Samuel t;. Whtte. Portland. $29.
ported From Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— These pensions
were issued to-day:
Pensions and Postofflce Changes Re-
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Oeo Price, Pacto
t: B Walhridge. T ?ng>
1) Sheehan & f, Astoria
F I'ottpr, 9 Hafael
.vlifs N Smlthson. Pn>t
H Dannetnbaum Jr. Val
H I> Gibson. iHnvpon
i". H Taylor. Chieo
;¦>' lilackstock, Ventura
R S Monre & w. K F
E C Hampton. L Ans
Mrs J Uyxi>ee, Fresno
ft W B\Tcbee. Fresno
I E Murphy, Philadel
II William, w&ci, chic
C M Foraker. N Slex
F R Foraker. N Mex
I W Clayden. Dawson
II H MKan-ent, I>awj«n
T C Wood worth, Saclo
W E Allen, I'itshurR
E \V Murphy, IJosion
Mrs E Colvllle. Crocktt
1^ M Fitzpatrlck. Nev
I' W Morse. Watsonvlle
i' K Wynian & w, S J
Dr & Mrs McAryall, SJ
M C Osborne, Mrysville
Hrs Arthur. Wadswrth
P Cox & f. Sacto
H A Fitzgerald, N .Y
Mrs C N Neleon, Sacto
Harry Sexton. Ventura
E T Uellly, Ventura
Du Pont tfyle & *v. Cal
Miss Hyle. Cal
V j Kule, Cal
J G Clancy, Antloch
Mrs Wavay, X Y
Alfred A Wallace, Ptkn
S K Borden. Madera
S MaryVronn, Sissona
NV F Arien, Seattle
A R Tllton. Tacoma
PA LACK HOTEL
n jchnsrrn. U P N
W H G Bullarrt.U S N
J }1 Drain, Los A
J R Mlnturn. Minturr.
F I^ Potts. I'hlladel
Mrs F I- J»ott«. Iijila
Miss F 1* Potts. Phlla
Mlu Harrison, New'k
T Pehleslncer. Chjo
(' Neubcrcer. I^os A
A F Jones OroviHe
!I B Wo.i.i & W. S Ja
B B Bin?, Ohio
) Q Wooil worth. Settle
H W Meinam, U S A
It V Momn, Arizona
S W French, Arizona
JI <1 Stevenson. Menlo
Mrs H Q Stevepsoo, SI
J (' Fremont. N Y
Mrs J G Fremont. X Y
Miss Wakeman, I>ond
H Reynolds, London
.1 K Lev). N Y
M Hurfelder. Austria
Hodeckpr. Austria
•I C Laws & v.-. Nev
t' H Jackson & w. Ken
<} J Apple. Dp.wscn
I-' Kirchkoft*. Toklo
y ItitJer, Manila
G J Cox Jr & w, X Y
Maybelle Cox, N Y
Mrs Van Vllet. Cinctl
Mtss E Garrard Cine
Mips A K rsarrard. Cl
Dr T Flint & W, S Ju
T Flint Jr. S Juan
Pr Howananakia. Ha
\V H Comwell. Hawaii
J D Holt. Hawaii
.1 H Wise. Hawaii
E T Earl, Hacramento
W B Devereux, Olenw
F A Davis. X Y
W F Graham, N Y
O A Roulller, Sonnra
F Palmer, St Louis
E G Wheeler. N Y
C L Allen. Denver
Cl Walker & w, Ixjnd
A S Mil'ura. Toklo
Mrs K F Munay, Mab
J F Farraher. Yreka
J Onderdonk, Hamllto
F- K Johnston. Napa
G E flnodman, N'apa
HA Ward. Chlcasu
GRAND HOTEL,
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
II A Rowley. LIvermre
B 1' HVmw, San Joe?
il \V C'omruy. 1^ Aiik
E Ellnskl, Kre«no
J V .^mith & f. Or
V K Wray, Oii>con
It B Wray. Minn
1. 11 Vincent & w. L A
U E Metzfi-er, Minn
H Berglum. Stlliwater
• : P ]_>perinc. S Rosa
J S Davidson. Fla
>V H I>'\v, Iowa
I-" Qordon, U Anpcles
•.' D Jones, Va City
*• lleeney. San Jose
l> B Kane. Aneels
VI Soreek?. Huniboldt
"Some High School Statistics" was dis
cussed by Superintendent Greenwood of
Kansas City.
A paper on "Educational Progress Dur
ir.g the Year" was read at the night ses
sion by President Hinsdale of the Uni
versity of Michigan.
At the Department of Indian Education
meeting papers of interest to the teach
ers in Indian schools were read by Charles
B. Dyke of Hampton. Va.; Professor A.
J. Standing of Carlisle. Dr. C. C. Waln
wright of San Jaclnto. Cal.: Professor
Rogers and Miss Josephine Richards.
The Xational Conference of Religious
Education held sessions during the day
at the Citadel Baptist Church.
The National Council of Education, the
Department of Indian Kducation and the
Xational Conference of Religious Kduca
tion held brief sessions.
ProfesBOr X. Al. Butler called the educa
tional council together and in the absence
of President Soden and Vice President
Brown, C. M. Jordan, superintendent of
the Minneapolis schools, presided. Super
intendent of Schools Gove of Denver open
ed the session with the reading of a pa
per on "Education in Our New Posses
sions." Ho favored the creation of a com
mission of practical men to further the
work of spreading education among the
inhabitants of our new possessions and
to work in co-oporation with the War De
partment, as he believed the War De
partment was the only executive force
which could carry on this branch of edu
cational work. .".'¦.
CHARLESTON. S. C, July 9.— Although
the general convention of the National
Educational Association will not be called
to order until to-morrow afternoon, large
numbers of delegates have already ar
rived. Charleston has thrown open many
of her private homes to the visitors.
Brief Preliminary Session of the Na
. tional Council Addressed by
Well Known Instruc
tors. /
Large Number of Delegates
to the Convention
Arrive.
CHARLESTON'S
HOMES OPENED
TO EDUCATORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 10, 1900.
11
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association.
«AW PRAMMSCo. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBEH OP" ANT
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the charee for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the ashes and ortran services
It ISO. The same for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
BOR27.
HILDEnnECriT— In this city. July 5. WiO. to
', the wife cf Charles E. HtldebnKtht. a daugh-
ter.
JVNG— In Ockland. July t. 1900. to the wife of
G. Jung, a Caucliter.
Pirth. marrlnne ard d^-ath notice* s«-nt by
mtil «';l! r.f,t !<« Insert ed. Ttwy zr.ccl be handed
in at cither pf the publication offices and l»*
Indorsed witjl the name an'l residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same iiubllzhed.
EIETHS—MABRTaGES— DEATHS.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
17 and 29 Fifth et. TeL South 167.
ITKE&AL DIRECTORS AND EMBALlI2*t3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
iSurcMsors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN*. AlEr.
FUNKRAL DIUECTORS AND EM11ALMERS,
JO Fifth rt., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
C. IJ. Stammer. Zl. cit>-.
John McGratb, :5. rr; Precita ever.u". and
Rf.FP McMahon. r». Tf-i^ Bryant street.
r.^njumin J. Hamelt. «>i. JCjl .Sacramento
Ftr*^l. sti'l Lilly V. McAfee. J6. jcoi .Siicra-
tnfnto Ftrc-rt.
The f:>Ilouin? marriage licenser! \rer« Issued
lyjuih ZinnBm«n. CS. 2.*. Turk street, and Gus-
tie liluu. I!. 35 Turk «tr«et. .
Wiiliatii J. <"unirr.in*«. SI. city, and Aenes
M. Carle/. 2\ ...ity.
<;cr-r-;i» Lov.enson, jr.. Portland, Or., and
Dorothy Il(-rrr.snn, r». city.
Martin J. Toobey. if. ]<3 Fourth street, nnd
IV lla A. McDerxaott, 23, 72S FtlFora street.
Juhn Holler. ». city, and Gisella 11. Gulden,
m civ.
Jnhannff lire. Mews. re. clly, an! Johanna
MAEB.IAGE LICENSES^ .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiiuron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN HAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:10. 3:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:33.
J:50. 5:10. 1:30 p. ei. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra tries at 1:U
ard 11:30 d. m.
BUNDAYS— »:C«. J:30. ll:C0 ». m.: l:3f>. 1:50.
6:00. C:H> d. m-
SAN KAFAEL TO SAM P*RANCISCO-
WEKK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:W. 11:10 a. m. : 13:43,
t:40. 6:15 p. in. Saturdays— Estra trips it
l:a*> and t .33 o. m
Bl'NDATS-S.10. $:40. 11:19 a. m.: 1:40. l:*X
t:0.".. C:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Sc**.t*etzen Pars-
fame scheJule as abov«.
Leave 1 In Effect. I Arriva
San Franclwo. (Apr. 13. 1900. ! San Franctseo.
Week I San- I I Sun- I Wee'*
Da7«. f days, f Destination. 1 days. ) Days.
7:30 am! 8:00 ami Novato^ 10:40 am! *:*0 am
t:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. S:C5 pm;iO:J5 am
I-.W ptn! 6:00 pm! Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm; «:20 pea
" Fulton.
t:SO ana Windsor. 10:3 »ra
Healdsburff.
Lytton.
Geyservine.
J:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdaie. T:Kpa tiMpn
7:3? ami I Hopland I 110:23 ant.
S:33 r>n»t »:00 ami and TJfclah. I 7:35 ptnl «'3O ;a
7:10 arn 13:25 ara
8:C0 an GusrneTille. 7:35 pm
1:30 rm C:Mpm
7:3} orn' 1:00 am! Sonoma t 9: IS am S: 40 ara
1 I and '
t>-.n pm: 5:fn pml Glen Ellen. [ 8:05 pm »:J0 pn>
7:34 am! »:C0 ami. 110:40 amilO:2S an»
l:!9pm! 6:00 pm| fsebastopot. I 7:S3 praj t:9pn
Statres connect at Santa Rssa for Mark Weat
Springs and Whtte Sulphur Spri.tirs: at Fulton
for Altruna; ot Lvtton for Lytton Springs: at
Geys»-rvllle for S*a«r3s Pprtn^s: at CloverdaU
for th«« Oe*.-»ers; at HcDlan<l for Duncan
Sprtmr--. nign'nr.il Pprtnrs. Kelfieyvlllo. Carls-
bad Sprlnss. 'Soda Bay. I>ak»r>ort and Bartlett
Springs; at Ulcia;i Tor Vichy Sprints. Saratoga
Srrlnfr*. Blue L "tea. Lattrel Df!l I^ike. Witter
Br-Inxs. VcP"" l^siJte. Porno. Potter Vall<*y.
Jonn Dav'j, Riverside. LlT'eir's. BuelcnelVs.
Fanhet* in Heijrhts. HulMll*. Otr's Hot
Sprints. Menrtnolno City. Fort Brag's. *»V*»t-
port. I>al. -VTiiMrs. Laytonv!!Ie. Curomlr.i,
Eeir-< Srnnjs. ll»rris. Olsen'». Dyer. Scot!s
an* Eurel:a.
Saturday to Moniay round trio tickets at
reduced r»?es. «
On Snndnr rrmnd tr!-> ticVets to all potats
terond San R«f»»! at hn!f rate*).
Ticket ->**-«•*. CO Market »f.. Chrcn'ele btfi-f.
H. C. WHITING. R X. HTAX.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Ajent.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAY9..»:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:1> p. in.
SCNDATS....8. ». 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco tn Summit and return. SI 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TA1IALP.VIS NOW OPEN.
ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. Art.
Los Angeles. Cal.
C. S. CRANE. G. P. A-ct..
St. Louis. SXo.
AND BOSTON.
The finest, fastest and best equipped train
out of Chicago, with NO EXTRA CHARGE
for superior accommodations.
FROM
CHICAGO TO NEW YORK
WABASH
CONTINENTAL LIMITED
7:00 &. m. week daya--f"aza!lero and way sta-
tions.
t:la p. m. Saturdays— Citzadero and way sta-
tions.
t:lS p. m. weekdays Saturday* ezceptedl —
Point Reyes and way stations.
S:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1!:4S p. ni- Sundays — feint Reyes and way
stations.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. 190».
FROM SAX FItANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAX RAFAKL.
WEEK DaVs- 7:00. •»::«#. »:*». 11:00 «. m.;
13-.4S. «1:O. 3:15. <:15. *3:15. 6:1S. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIi'S-Kor Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wedneidays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at P:CO and 11:3*> p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:C«. *}:00. 'lO:©©. 11:00. ll:»
a. m.: 12:<5, «l:20. 1:30. *J:45. i:00. *:00. 7:i1»
p. m.
ll:C0 a. m. does not run to San P.afaei Sua-
days. *
Trains marked (•) run to San Qri»ntln.
FROM SAN .RAFAEL TO SAN FRANC13CO.
WEEK PAYS— 5:15. «:30. 7:C0. i:40. '10:14 a.
m.: lt:30. l:lo. 2:15. *3:W. 4:20. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at '8:4i and 10:J0 p. m.
SUNDAY b— «:15. *S:00. «J:50. 'llrOOa. m. : 'UO*
m.; l;C0. 1:13. »3:M. 4:30. •i:«5. «:4j, J:^>. ig ; »»
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO PAN' FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:53. «:43. S:CO. *:35. 10:11 a.
in.: 12:35' 1M">, ?'¦**. 3:30. 4:*.0. 5:"» p. n;.
EXTRA TKIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Haturday* at 7:10 and 10*20 p. m.
SUNDAYS- G:3*., 8:03. lO:'^. 11:10 a. m.: 12-.U.
1:W 8:30. »:4V «:13. T:C5. 10:30 p. to.
•DIVIDEND notic*.— THE GIANT POWDEK
COM PANT. CON. A dividend. No. 19. of sev-
enty-five centa (75c) per eliare c.n the issued
rapitai Ptock of the comoany has been de-
clared ;)a>a»,le at the o!fice r>t the company.
4JC California rtrert. Srn Francisco, on July
10th. ISnjO. Transfer books close July' 2d. IVK;
at roon. a. A. SPARKS. SSecretar>-.
£>IVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 17 u'htrty
<*-nt« i*t f-liarf) ut the I'aauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Co. will be payable at th» office of the
company. "2" Market rx.., on ani aftpr Tues-
day. July 10. 1*00. Transfer books closed on
Thursday. July J, 19"J. at 3 o'clock p. m.
B. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
liank of Fan Francisco. At a regular meet-
lnc of the Hoard of Directors of this bank.
hfld July J. ltCO, a dividend was declared for
Ibt half year erdir.g June SO. U<00, at the rate
cf seven t~t v*-r c»-nt i«t annum, payable o n
aid aft«fr tb- Kth Inn. Transfer books will
I* clc*«-d from the 10th to the 10th Inst.. both
Cays inclusive. GEOHUE G.-.ANT.
July 3. WOO. Secretary.
III\ IJJKMJ NOTICES.
FALL RIVER. Mass.. July 9— In compliance
with an agreement slgmcd by representatives
of most of the cotton mills In - Fall . River to
curtail production for four weeks during the
summer several mills to-day suspended opera-
tions for four weeks and others will, follow.
When the- curtailment Is In full operation
nearly 20.000 employes will be affected. -The
stoppage of machinery is due to the lack of
demand for print cloths. -
ROME. July 9.— King Humbert, replying to
deputations from the Senate and Chamber of
Deputies, who presented him with an address
voted In response to the King's speech, express-
ed keen gatisf action at the e*lm riatored to par.
liamentary debates. His Majesty also said a
country like. Italy had the right and duty
to hope for not only prosperity, but greatness.
He looked fcrward to the future with hope and
confidence, y. '
INDIANAPOLIS. " July ' 9.— The Toledo. St.
Louis and Western Railroad Company, a re-
organization of the old Clover Leaf Railroad,
extending from Toledo to East St. Louis, «u
lncoriHDrated here to-day with a capital .stock
of U'0,000,000. Its directors' are James N\ Wal-
lace, Arthur H. Van Brunt, J. Edwardg Wyc-
koff and others of New Vork. The incorpora-
tion fee was JM.C00.
CHICAGO. July 9.— The Chicago Democrat,
formerly the Chicago Dispatch, an afternoon
newspaper founded in 18S2. suspended publi-
cation of Its dally edition to-day. It- Will be
continued «s a weekly. Nathan Eisenlord.
publisher of the paper, states that the discon-
tinuance was because of lack of patronage.
JOLIKT, III., July 9.— The converter and
billet mill of the Illinois Steel Company re-
sumed to-day and nearly a thousand men were
put to work. The amalgamated scale has not
bepn .signed, but Indications are that a. speedy
settlement will b« effected find the mills kept
steadily running.
LONDON. July 9.— Lord Salisbury, United
Ftatps . Embaesador Choate and Mrs. Choate
nnd a few others dined this evening with the
Queen at Windsor, Her Majesty will come to
Ix>ndon July 11 to attend the garden party
rt Buckingham Palace.
NEW YORK. 'July 9.— The TTnited States
army tug Slocum, Captain Evelyrf, formerly
the Gypsum Kinf*. sailed to-day for San Fran-
cisco. havlr.R undergone a (jeneral overhaul-
ing since her return from Porto Rico:
CHICAGO. July !>.— F. B. Cossit, founder of
Laf-range. III., and one of the best known
men In this section, to-day committed, suicide
hy shooting. He was SO yeara old and was
despondent from long Illness.
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. July 9.— The Supreme
Court of the United Order of Foresters opened
a three days' session here to-day. Seventy
delej-ates are In attendance. The sessions, will
be eecret.
KNOXV1LLK. Tenn.. July 9-— Negotiations
have commenced whereby the next national
convention of the Y. M. C. A. may be held in
this city In June, 1002.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
OAKLAND FinMTl UK I'OR SALjSJ
AN Introduction to you from II. Srhellhaas. th«
furr.iture dfalfr, Iltb and Franklin, Oakland.
tlOO CASH; monthly payments as low rent till
paid fcr; modern new cottage of 4 rooms,
bath, pastry. dUmttM, high basempnt. brlrk
fojndation; all l>r,<-rd; fine v.o\\ ,,f water, all
flrrt c!aM=; 2 fine lota, <^n^ a corner: price, all
told. J?>5: city water If drsir«-d; Ktreet macad-
a.mjz«d; r.lc» horn's all around: n«-ar 3 ltn»>s of
electric reads and fine Frhoolhouse and wide
avenue; no fog cr cold tvin<lF here; AllendaJe
Tract, adjoining Eatt Oakland. Call or send
for circular. iZZ Seventh Ft.. n»-ar cor. Broad-
"iray. Oaklar.d; carriage free. II. Z. JONES,
r.wcer
New home of € roomp. hath. f-on.«orv«tory,
r>ae»m*T.t and all lmprovem»ntf; lot 5f>xl4<) feet
«note the fize). with <>{*n lawn, gravel drive-
way, stone walks, cor^l. substantial l«rn. fruit
trf-e?. etc.; orcuyiicd bjr a tenant; owner is
away; nicest h*rality. nrar Grove Ftreet; afi
etreet work done; a reexilar home piace; all
in gooi condition; no fuch other har^aln to
be had; look into thif nt onr-e if you -a ant to
bay; no rnortf-aire on the place; price reduced
for a quick cash sale.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CX)..
Ileal Bfrtate Broker*.
100S Umadway. Oakland.
Telephone fleii 0.6.
rmcE j-^x--cost coco.
f Dr.Gibbon's Dispensary,
1W*1*1 f in |ss "* Ior the treatment oi Private
JjL/lk WM I'lseiuses •^wt.Manh<xxl D.hillty nr
skin Diwaj<>-s. iht doctorcoreawhen
others falL Try him. Chnnree iow-
JSfi£J2K2^ia4'»»'e«cuarnnif«.1. Cullorwrltn
Or. J. *'- uIDBOK. Bus lUST.San Ftanciaco
NAHKR. ALFS & BRl'NE. Aeents.
*?"3 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGOHA-
•tor and Nervine.
The mo!«t wonderful aphrodisiac an<i Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs fnr both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
DR. BALL'S RElNYIGORATORiCTS
Five hundred rewarrl for any a3e^^H^9
case we cannot cure. This eecret f* *^B
remedy flops all losses In 24 B __i3
hours, cures Emissions, Impo- HB] tTipjj
t»ncy. Varlcocele, Gonorrhoes. fTfi J5*?n
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost li^J L^J
Manhood and all wastlnu eff*ct^ fa££ 8g»a5
of self-abuse nr excesses. Sent tfMaXTI ffffXiJl
tealed. J2 bottle: S bottlea. $5: guaranteed to
cure any cate. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
6TITUTE. "53 Broadway. Oakland. Cul. Also
for aale at 10734 Market St.. S. F. All privat*
diseases Quickly curd. Send for free book.
Hi r*r month; cozy new 3-rnonn^I cottap»;
Bil modern: lot E0xl61 feet: elevated pround;
near Fruitvale ave.; total price only 11500*
cash or Installments.
GEO. XV. At.'PTIX & CO..
A VERT PRETTT HOME.
OAKLA.XU Hi: AL ESTATE.
CFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
Travelers from every portion of the
jrl<"! t 1 ** show th^in Hi i pr^'";c%ii | .jn of tb<*
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting San
Francisco. »--". "
Connected by a. covered pas*nr.eway
and operated under one rnanace-
ment on the American and European
plans.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
AM"»Ii:i3\ HEAL. KSTATK.
IF you war.t to buy elftrant hpw house of S
r'vjizis au>l l»a_sen.t*nt call at 1323 Ilec^nt Et..
AlatneflaL
JUMEDA jDTERTISEMEXTS.
Office 1OO4- Market Street,
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 36S 12th Street.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
STAIJLKS TO LET.
,
r-TABI.E. r3 ***]'•: EUltsble for »r rrM , or milk
rt«-,ot: rif-iuh's r«»r,; fr»o; rii<-»i.. 2C">'* UlwHoB.
SPECIAL NOXICKS.
BAN FnjtXCISOO. <-m.. Junp W-^Notlce: J. \v.
IVlllianis ia« TV^i^;r,€-d from the \W5t0rn Ih-
tenrute IVotecttve Asrociation <if Liquor
IVslera and will n-n he recxMMM-l*ile for any
debts rnn*.ra<ted ty said »sf.> -lation fr--m
yald .latf. J. W. WIU.I A M.S.
J..AI 'I r.S-('h1r hector's i;ns!:s!i Pennyroya! l'ili«
are the test: tafe. reliable; taJu no other;
tend <c ttamrs for ctsrUculanL "I».<>Ii#f for
Ladies." In letter by rrtLrn 1: .1!; at <Jmit-
xriFts. <?ti!che5ter Oh<rnifal Co.. l'hiladel.. Pa.
KOTICE U hereby gl\<rn tha.t the Mar. a Kip
Orphanage of CJO LaVe t,t.. San Francisco, has
raeirjved th* followir.* orphan. ha!r-orphan
end atandonH gir!s frc.Trs March 31 to June
30, ]"*>•¦: Marrietta. K. MrKewen. 4 years «
laonths: Parah C. McCarthy. 13 yeara 8
mor.ti;?; Mary E. MrCarthjr, 10 years 5
mf.i!l;»: Kfther II. Snyd«-r». 1 year 4
months: Er-irr.a E. F*ish»r. 11 y»ar« 6 raoa'.hs;
Ilertha C Kisher. 7 j-pnrf ? morth«.
BOOUS Ipapered from J3: whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., S13 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for U: collect ion« mad«:
city r.r courti-jr. PACIFIC COLLECTION'
fO. t\' \frntenr-erv «t.. rrv**-« 1-10; tel "S.I
BBW1SG MACUl.VKS AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kir.flf bo-jc-ht. ro\& «n1 repairing cuar.-.n-
teed. Chns. Plarr.beck. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kml* bought. 6old. txrhaneed. rented;
*»T«irinf at InwMt rat*-. 2 f '7> Fourth rt. -
STURAGE A.\O WAREIIOl'SES
WILSON P.ROS.. str.rase and movin-*; cwered
vans. Tenth and Market: i>hme South T6J.
PACIFIC Storaf* and Furniture Movlns Com-
rany. ZSZH Killmore St.: phone Jackson 2S1.
BFTKIXF Vr.n nr\r\ Ptorage Ca. 722 lliwinn »t..
t°l Vrn *C4<> — PafHnc. -novltig and ftorace.
TYPEWRITERS A\O SUPPLIES.
CHEAT IIAUGA1NS IN TYPE\VP.ITERS-\Ve
f*-Ii b^tt'r msrhinw for less mrney than any
l* 0 !!^*? !n th* 1 <~tty: rentals, t?.. T"h* TyT*^writer
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
fsemu FAcivie cbjvpayz,
(l>«cirio (TirrBlt.)
Train !•»»• mmU nrm ••• »• artrtv* >M
man ric**«<:i*««'<».
(*U»ln LilM, Foot ot M»rkel SUs«t)
t»»»« — From Mat IX Iioa — 4SBXra
•?:OOa UniicU. SuUun. Ebnir*. V»c»»"lK
Kurii««y »uJ M»««i»or>so *7iI3#
•7:Ol»» Sh.i«l» KxpreM— D-tris, WUllata*(fOt
UkrtleU Spttcat). WUbwi, Uad
BluO. Portisnd. *7lW»
*7t39A M»rtinrx. • 1 *»ii Ksiimib. Vallejo. *<»»».
Um!lit«i* «i»U H«nt» Hum •Oil.ip
• i:nn« D*ti». \> (•o.liiml. KnigbtaLtadlac
U«r»sfili«i. wrott.W. «7l4»»
•S1OO4 AU*;itto Kxpre*a-O«dao »nd Kut '11:13*
•ml»t Hat. Juaa, Linruuii, Htucktuii.
I'ina 8acrsi»i>nto. PlaeeiT'Ula,
M.r-.-Ill-. t hico, Kml Rlnit *4>I3P
••:SO* OakrlsK Chloetw (for YossmUa).
Buuurv Ca/ten. Mal3»
•T»ji»<>» Hii<<mi. NIUs and Way .Stations. *l li 13*
"JiiHia L..« Asvslea Expreaa — Marttnoa,
Trier. Lt.thrt>i>. Hiockton. Mcroati
..,.1 rr-iuo »«l«»
•Ot-IV* Vn.ll.-J... Martlnei »'»i W»» SUtiona *ai«3»
• n»:u«»» T&« Oerlau.1 Lifltwl-Ogdeo. Den-
rrt. Uaiihv Chicms # 5lia»
•ll:O0» Nil-* |j»rriii<-r». Stockton, flaortt-
metif MinclotJk. lUuford. VU»IU.
IVrrrrtllle »4ilSr
•I1:on«i |Uj*/.r.!», Nile* *n.l Way BtkUoni. '*¦ «"» f
tl:«Or Mtrt»itiT'u KiTsr St«*m<>ia ("¦•«"»
•:i:Oi»r llajwaxd*. NUrs ami Waj atatlon*. •ai«»r
•l:uur Miuiiiiax. M*n K»niuii. Tallajo.
N »!¦*. CalUtoNt. .Santa Uom *i»il Sa
•4iOi»r Umioia, Whiten h»ei«n>«r»O,
Wou.llaud. Kni.ItU L»:d!o«.
M.ryn'.ll-. OrmlllR ••-»!«•«,
•l.3')r MIm. M>uJ..««..,.l.St-v>UJii •7il«»
¦3i«wrTbo Owl IJmfted— Trary. Tteano.
lUkertSAlJ. Haiipts far d mu Bar-
l>»t» Los Aujr#lr« •¦:I»a
•3:0l>r Fresuo I'aawngrr— Mutlnc*. L*th-
. rop. 8to«Btua. Mrtcml. U«r«ad*
(fUrmoad tot Yoarmi>«). Kroanu.. •¦«>!•»
•Ct:3Or K«w Jri«aiu Exprea--K»lieT*rt*l<l. s
Maut* Itarliara, l.i •* Anieles. l)eui<
Inf. SI I'iio. Nev» Orlsau* »ud
Kut *••**» a
*St*(*p NaNta r» Uunta— Atlautia Ei(iw
for M(>Ja»» ami KMt -«:l.lt»
¦•lAnr m»w»r<U. Ml-i auil .-»*» Joil *7!«3*
1»:O«r V*ll-J'» "HilSr
•HiOttr Oriental Matt— Of dan. Chejouua.
Omaha. Cliic«f<> • "Ili«»a
•«;8Of Oriomil Mail— Ogdea. D«n*a*.
Oni-.:;*. ChtoMu. *4llS»
ITiOO? Vali-)<>. Foil t.'uiU anil Way Sla-
lion* t»:S.*»f
•«!«Jr «>ir.i>i. ami <.'.":.-riila f.tptwam.HmM-
amKiitii. M.rji.iila. ll«xMln«.
I'mI'i:..!, hurt .St..n,.l an.t Kaa» *•«»•»
CO1XY IMYIMU.1 CUrnu- (adit).
( Foot t-t Mirkrt ?rtn.i.)
tit** A HantM, Cms ~Kx.~.lr»><»> tot 8ao«a,
Ctiu ami l'u ...-•¦•¦.I Way Statloa* X«i*>**r
•»ll"*» New»jH.<Viitc... ;-,M» i.l. 1 ».»lti.M.
Hi.ii!il-i('tr,.;;-.,.:»Uiiu.iiilV.'»]i
Hutiuim ••.a«r
t*il*»r *4cwafk. «'»iit<-r«ilK Han .| (i m N«V
Almaitxn. l-.ltor.. r..ul.l»r Cr««k.
Kauta Cma ami l'rmelpal Wai
HUtlott* t ••»:¦"»••
¦4il"tr Newgrk. s».i .Io««. ?..>-n.»M» •Mi***.
«<iiar Ol-nwofxl. Polton. Hanta Crui «1i.*M»4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaStl -|.sg:".Cl)-~Mt *r mrk.i tuut (Sll» »)—
•7:19 BOO 1MHI..M. 11:03 *1:Z2 13:00
M:C3 IS:;3 «8.:3r.i».
fltaO»IUll3--«l •' nrt.im.r. — 'C..C0 1:00 tO.OO*.*.
t!3:83 -1:03 I3:C3 '3:83 t>:00 -»:S3r.i«.
(O\ST IXTISIO.N (KroaiKianf-).
(Ihlrlnml lo.tintn.l SU)
ftlwa <>o«a,.. View. H.yith Han Krau-iUco.. t«il*aj
»7iOU, .-,,„ Joh Mai Way Kr.H.m (New
Ahmwlm KxlnxJ^twili) •!¦••»
I7i3l)» Sunday Kicursion I t fiaa Jomi,
BinU Cnr, PadDc (Iron and
Trineipal Wty .^UUons X.iriS*
••¦««• Man .)¦.«-. 1 in I'Iim*. n»nta I'ml.
Paellie ISnua, l'a»> Itobiva. -S«u
l.nit illii«vi>, Hurf. I.nropoc ami
I*rlncipal War SUti.me U.fT
•Itiilo, B*i Juts ait.l Way H'atioua •«¦:«»
•llt3O* »an.)i....LoaC3»tos*i..lW..ySUf| mi , *3>:<0t>
? a.l.-lr rtau Mat-o. Urtlt»oo>U Mania Patk.
Pain Alto. .Santa Clara, Han .!..«<%.
Tret Finos. Kama Cr<ix, Salloaa.
iluuiatfy ami I'aciltc Grof« tlOi.'W*
fsiiior Sao Joiaand War Mlattona *?i.'t»p
f4ilAr 6an Joaaan.l Principal Way Statiniia *•»:«.*»*
ISiOOrSon Jos*. Loa Uatoa and Principal
Way Station* ?»:O«»4
•.it-iOc San Jt>ta an.l rrioeipal Way -JUUoo* t **:¦''•*»»
•flilflp 8*11 Jns» ami W«y3tati(ini «H:««<
flli45r San Jci- «nJ War *'»tii.ii» »?::'(>>»
A for alon.inc Y for A f lantnon '
• Daily. t <J.ii>-1«« aiceptad. t Sunday only.
fc Siturday only,
fl Batcrlir sad SunUr « 3uada*f taC *fli*-!*a*ft
ROOMS AAO HOAnU.
A FAMILY havtflC ¦ Ure»7"r«^nneJ.' J weTr7vrr-
nisn^j home •nil sccainmodate a Jew p<>i-
kjv.s with referonce?: taMe an.l all ar:«olM-
tncnts gn>tKj»sp«. P«dx SiTl. Tall of net.
TWKN-."V M xTlir~M77~n7«r~Mlis7^-Nl^i7
.urnfshf.l mnny rocros. with or without
t'oari. at very reasonable i>ric«-!i.
LAS PALMAP. 1«;o MtiTke~?t7^Cu;te of ? cr 3
rrr.*. : private; J-xih: *in. nr.s.: board optional.
VAN XrSS. ;«— rumtFhed frcnt room. $6.
CLASSIFIED advert-m-tr.t!' and nibscription*
_ •^-"'vf-1 at Cml\ braneh <*(*re. 22 1 >ft Fillmire
ROOMS ix> -LET^lgi,r»^ «»d t nfnrn.
"^HS*^* rCT ' c ' r - l: 'S Vt^-New rnralshed bay-
v.'.r.d.w i-oom. «1 t tr week: trauficr.t.
e ':*,. 1 l',, *1*~I- «, unn -" larp« front room*. *£; un-
.•.m.Ehcd; clotttfj i?* them; other rortn*.
1 ; 11^ 1 .'^' '^"^"^ fur^ r -heT"rT^s and
— l_£lTJLLl! f : vat " r: el » c ''"lc lights; Jay. ivk.. mo.
r*lNE. .• no— rx:ra large alcove roonT; suitable
iv.r two scuts.
E*OU**£UX U'l-Lij-ht. c>au nn*. ; suites or sin-
Ttcle: tran«!ent;jruitntnc water: ntra ndaetA.
POWELL. . r Ji»— Klrgaatly fumi^lud front and
y tadt focte»; tiaslc ar.J e:i
UO^KOALG Kodw. SIS an-1 .-Jl Ullls M.-K^m*.'
niiti.t. l*c to ti; \vf«»k. Il 2:, to ?4: oix^n night.
t:OV\I. HOUSE. E«. KlHs fct.-lncandeseent
ii'-'l.t, ror.Qiap room. «rr.<,'.;lr.K room and liii:-V
luxirr; roemj. |n-r ti!ph(. STc to Jl lt>: week. $2
to if.; mo&tfa, fi to J^ : elevator on ffflce flucr
rocn's with hct aril col-J ralfr; baths.
r'ACUA-iiKNTO. C43 _ Ne^T furnisheri rooms-
irnate family: ?1 arJ urwarrt.
¦SHERMAN Ar^rtment *l- ¦;-.. ;¦; Kl^hth st
near Market— Knrnighed or urfurni^hpd.
BIXTIL its— Furnished front anJ backTarlcrs;
tUltaM" ftr iinctcr'e ( tfioe or dr« ssinaicer.
StNNV frast r>.ims to ]pt : rat<-s iejfjnat'»
laiye rocrr.s. P.ox 2T.r:. Call r.rfice.
BC1TER, 31" 4 — ?:r.plf .-mj c-n su'.t»: for j-'rule-
r.-.cr: and for fa:n!!i*-s; e; eo al attention ta
Ti.urirt*.
U*. rear— 3 tur.ny unfurnished rooro*;
ca.l r.fter < p. m.
Ne. Prlze.JNo. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
11.... 12 9<!.... 12 1GS.... S 17«.... 8
M3.... 12 373.... 8 385.... 20 435.,.. 20
573.... ;0 579.... 20 725.... 12 768.... II
778.... 12, 90..... 12 911.... 8 976.... 12
1243.... 12 14X3.... 12 149S — 8 1524 3
151S.... 12 1563.... 20 1642.... CO 1749.... 8
21S2 20 2252.... 8 2362.... f 2576 20
259 1 ).... J 2707.... 20 272*.... 12 2741.... 8
2773.... X 2796.... 12 3015.... 8 3016.... 12
3061.... 8 307«.... 12 3149.... 20 3241 — S
3213.... 8 3516.... 12 3582.... 8j 3744.... 12
3746.... S 3736...: S S781 8! 37SU »
3957.... 12 4045.... 12 4209.... 8 4297.... 12
4602.... 12 4614.... S 466S.... 12 4936.... 20
5045.... 12 5218.... ? 5303.... S 53S4.... 20
B401.... 40 5369.... 20 5593.... 40 5696.... 20
5744.... S 5784 S €140 20 8261 20
6537.... X 6611.... 8 6726.... 8 6759. ... 40
7007.... S 7122.... 8 7190.... 8 7201.... «
72S5.. . 12 7299.... 8 7387.... 8| 7400.... 10
7474.... 40 7514.... 40 7S22.... 8) '8114 40
8164.... S 8536.... 8 8631 40! S662-... 8
8714. „. .20 8722.... 12 8822.... 20j 8886.... 40
8S97.... S 9039....' 8 9-100.... 60 9477.... 20
9360.... 12' S928.... 4C00|'99o4.... 20J10050 — 40
10073.... &U0109.... 12J10168.... 12110229.... 2«
10452.... 8 10555.... 8 10678.... 8U079S.... 20
10862.... 8 10972.... 8,11011.... S^llOSO.... 40
11153.... 4O1122S.... 40 11326.... 20,11367.... 8
11570.... 8 11615.... 20 11627.... 8111842.... 12
11725.... 20 12232.... 20 12263.... 12112345.... 20
K347.... 20 12543.... 12J127S7.... 8:12791.... 20
12996 60J13022..., I2H324!».... 8J13256 12
13368.... S11338S.... 12113413 20 13601.... 8
13616.... :0]13S22.... 12'l39SO.... SI14022.... 12
14031.... S H0H9.... 8 14091.... 12714121 40
H123.... 20 14303.... 12 14323.... 12H4399.... 60
14434.... 12 14492 20 148S8.... 12il4725.... 12
14770.... ? 14S29.... 20114850.... 12.1489S 12
1497S.... 8 15021.... 8|150S3.... 8115124.... I 1 -'
K.2S3.... 12 15390.... 12 15465.... S 15466.... 20
I 154iH> 20 15543.... r.OOll'622.... 12|15738.... 8
l.-.7>2 S 1S814.... S|15874 12:i."*SO 8
15912.:.: 8I15931 8H6O7S.... M16114.... 20
M.'4.... S 16204.... 8116247 40(16306.... «
1634.>.... 12 183S5.... 8ilB476.... 8:16664.... 6*»
1C756.... 12 16841.... 8:ieS9L... M |17t-21.... 200
17147.. . 8 17275.... 20 17355.... 8117832.... 2U
17S40 20|l7S98.... 8 17934 -SllSCift 20
1S136.... 12J1S211.... 8 1S242.... 81S3C9.... 8
1S352.... 12US419.... 20il8542.... 8I1SS68.'... 20
1S632.... 8 1S645 20 ; 1S690.... 8118720.... \2
18777.... 8 18837 20!lSS3S.... 20:18891. ... 4t
1S976.... 20 1S015.... 12119134.... 8119160 20
19324.... 8 19537.... 8|19785.... 40 19S«5.... a
mil.... 1I2002S.... 12 20119.... 8,20122. .„ S
20204.... 12I2C265 60;2030r,.... S|20423.... S
20449.... 820477.... 12120523.... 8;206S9.... li
20793.... 8,20896 20120954 8;2C371 12
21047 s;21120 8J2115S 8121194.... >>
21201.... 1221292.... 12i2143S.... 12121476.... 40
21SS5.... 20122071 S22216.... 8:22259.... 8
22353.... 4022379.... 12'22«96r... 40:22913.... S
S301S.... 21123115 SJ23122.... 122313.5 S
23158 8 23173 60 23334.... 8;'i3434 S
23595.... 8 2SS0S.... 8i23D42.... 8 24030.;.. t\
21051.... 12 24166.... 12124379.... 8I24462.... S
24722.... 12 24S84.... 12|2«923.... 12 24950.... W
250112.... 12 25027 12125051 12^25117.... 20
25241 I2I25252-... 825281.... 40125350.... £0
25374.... S]253*2.... 20 25100.... S'25411.... 12
2.">0I. t ... 8i2-.6'.'3.... 8125636.... 20]2.'675.... 8
2583S.... 48126069.... 12 26^93.... 12! 26151.... S
2«1S7 12!201fiO 12;2t!215 8!26292 8
26350 2<> 126394.... 2OJ2W05 8I2B435 12
2673'L... 12(27242.... 12i2727S.... 20.272T»l.... 20
27473.... 8127570.... 8i27592.... 40 27735.... S
27751.... S:27%3.... 12,27993.... 12I2S139.... 12
28302.... 8|2S3S7 8 2S411 S!2.*I164. ... 20
2S57S.... SI28741 8|2!iK14.... ZnJ2.895S 12
28973.... 40^29067. ... 8129133.... 8129164.... 8
29191.... 12129221..;. 40IJ92S8.V.. S, 29439.... 20
29IC3.... 12 2*>52S 8129575...; 20i29S22.... S
30C79.... 8 30304.... 813O3J9.... 20 305SS.... ij
3.^631.... 12i.W877 1230948.... 8131020.... 12
31143.... 8I3I1D6 S.31472.... »V31605.... 12
3I80rt.... 8|31885.... 12)32077.... 4032140.... 40
32166. .. 8 32220.... 12J32257.... 200 ! 32261.... 2U
32346.... 12132446.... 8|325«.... 8132742.... 12
32762.... 12-32829.... SI32S90.... 20|33148 20
33166 8-33378 12I334P*,... 20 33416 8
3343S.... 12133519.... 12 3363'*:... 12133710.... 20
3C73S.... 40133951.... 12l339€9.... 1234092.... S
34107.... 12I34147.*.. S|34155.... 40,34172.... 8
3426R.... 40124353.... 8134101.... 8134416.... S
34565.... 12J34754.... 8134769.... 20!34790.... 60
34795.... 8I34S33.... 12134SS1.... 2>j;34S34 S
35083.... 8136091.... 20'3*^95.... 8135211.;.. 20
3.-643.... 12 35751.... S135912.... 12135K*Cl 20
3fi01.i.... 83S13O.... 8!3fil^8.... 8,36276.... 8
36723.... 8J36S93.... .20 36943..".. 40'37172.... 8
37*28. .. 8137463.... 12i37474 8,375"^.... 8
37521.... 4OI3757S.... SJ37688.... ll|
37726.... 20137731.... 8 37750.... 20138079 12
35152.. . 2013S243.... 2O3S25S.... Sj3S30S 8
38465.... 8J38804.... 8i38«21.... 2013SS95.... 20
3S.«98 12139174.... 8:39205 12139220.... 2ft
S92S1... 10OO139511.... 12139512.... 8139876.... 20
40081.... 20I400S2.... 8140208.'.;. 8140247.... 40
! 40361.... 840115.... 8:40707.... 40140742 S
40761 S40M5.... 8!4088S.... RUOSSS*.... 8
¦ 4O8S1. ... ¦ 12 40939 8 41051.... 20|4in57 1L'
4K,«2.... 4OI4U5W.... 20 41210.... 12 41373.... 8
41417.... SU1427.... 8 41478.... 8J41479.... D)
41514.... 2<V41«21.... 12141676.... 12M1714.... S
41966.... 20142098.... 81421D1 40142203.... 40
42282.... 12 42452.... 12 ! 42494 60|42r.C2.... 12
42519.... 8 42568.... 8142660.... 8142700.... 2.)
42711.... 8 42S34.... s|42M4.... 8M2S66.... 12
43f»25.... 8 43050.... 20143096.... 12 43245.... 12
43251.... 12 424SO.... 40J43510.... 20143656.... s
43710.... 8 43783...: 8 43939.... 40 43967.... 12
44001.... S 44006 40|44049 12144134.... 20
44168 12)44338 8144377 1244458 12
445K5.... 2Oi«!64S.... S4470S.... 8144725.... U
4J726.... 8 44749.... 8 44811.... Si44S42.... 8
44S43.... 12 43053.... 12145321.... Si4y,27.... 8
45T.40.... 8 45612.... 8j4561<?.... 8145720.... 12
45W12.... 1JI4595S.... 8I46O33.... 12i4*>fi62.... 12
4«161.... 12'462C»i.... 8U627S.... >R!463S4.... S
46574.... 12146719.... 12I48S46.... 4*>J469S7 20
4K933.... 8I46S69-... 8t4«9 < ?0.... SI47043.... S
470SS R147O9S 8 47258.'... 8J47375 12
4739!).... RI475O5.... 84752C.... 12|47562.... 20
47622.... 40 4?029.... 814S127.... 8I4S129.... S
4S343-... 20 4S353.... 12i4S432.... 8.4K593.... 12
4SS14.... 8I4S961.'... 12(49194.... 8.4924S.... 'S
49276.... 60149312.... 12M9313.... 40149444.... 200
4947S.... 8549530.. .. 8 49780.... 12149901.... 8
49920.... 12;5nO24.... 8150092.... S 50142.... 12
50201 20150235.... 20I5O37S.... 12>50454 8
60780..;. 81SCR61.... 12,50977.... 8fol092.... 8
51330.... 40I5H16.... 12 51619.... 20|51643.... 20
&1S30 2fl'51S67 8 51593.... 8151937 S
52013.... 8152022.... SI520I4.... 8|52056.... 12
52065..., 20 i. '2072.... 8|52152.... 1252225.... 20
52229 . 12!.-)2275.... 20IS22S9.... 12152339.... 12
F.24J2 12i52-">44.... 12I52594.... 12152642.... 8
52713.... 2052761. ... 8152364.... 8152919.... 8
53143.... 8|531S6.... 8|53259.... 12153329.... 8
53334.... 20153519.... 20153691.... 8'.=i3723.... 8
5373S.... 60!5376S...i 40l53S56.... SJ53S86.... 8
54037.... 8)54093.... 12154312 8154353.... S
543S0 8154487 8154493.... 8|54523.... 12
54537... 12151543.... 20154651 12154676 &
6*4731.... 854746.... 12155104.... 8|55117.... 40
B511S.... 40155135.... 20155202.... 20'55301.... ?
55323.... 8l554i7.... 20(55489.... 8-55631..'.. 40
1.5794.... 8155814.... 4005868.... 8"5590>!.... 4C
56074 . 12 56081.... 40156115 8156324 8
£6372.... 21156541 60|56595.... 8156641.... 8
C688S.V/. 12I56SSS 12156950.... 8156979.... S
r.7075.... 8I573C2.... 857319.... 20137453.... 8
57495.... 20157820 40157692.... - 2O ! 57733.... S
f.8104.... 815S169.... 121581S3.... 12"Wi22S.... 60
D8308.... 8;5S45«.... 40i5S655.... 40I5S697.... 8
S884S . 12i5S8S2 12I59C67.... 20159139 40
59134.... 8159211.... 8159230.... 20I592S5.... 12
59334. .. 40159467.... 20J59514.... 1253647. ... 12
59747.... 859770. ... 8|S9R52.... 12^9897.... ' 8
60032.... ¦ SI60066.... 20J600S1.... 20160120.... '.0
60149.. 12[601«!0 40(60313.... 12:«264.... S
60613.... 8160625.... 8160728.... 8161069.... S
61209.... 8 61439.... 8I61530.... 40I617S2.... 20
61757.... 12 61812.... 1216201S.... 60162113.... k
62240.... 12 622S1....15OCO.62343.... 8162390.... S
624 <V 7 ... 8 62525.... 12I62545.... 20 62843.... 60
P2929 ... 12 82933.... 8162071.... 8 63193.... 12
£3230... 40 63258.... 8|63293.... 8163444.... 12
63462 . . 20163538 12163553 8163598 40
C3647.... 1263827.... 8164001.... 4064*95.... S
64377 ... 40164407.... 12164521.... 864364.... X
6470«. ... 1216474S.... R164787.... 20I84S12.... 40
64845 . 864892.... 12:64902.... 8164951 12
65176 20 185532 8165557 20165568 S
65698 . . 12183911.... 8!6R014.... 20ifi60S0.... 8
66177 ... 8166193.... 2066237.... S16S323.... 12
6G434 . . 8 65501.... 12'66541.... 12'Cfi56».... 20
66653.... 12I66712.... SJ66S38.... S,66S7."».... . 20
66S99 8.66912 20I669S4.... 12 67f»12 S
67015 . '. 40167352.... 81B7410.... 8167613,... 12
67630 ... 40!67S05.... 8167S70.-... S'67905.... 8
68008.... Ri8S060.... 20168207.... 1216S414.... 12
68477 . 20168518.... 12168531.... 20i68867.... 12
6S990 SiB9056.... 20^69081 S!6S233 $
t&3."»9.... 869535.... 8:69543.... ' 869626.... 2U
69655.... 8]69687.... 2O'«9722.... 20169756.... 20ft*.
70164 . . R 70171.... 8170275.... 81705S7.... 40
70671.... 8170680.... 8170SOO.... 12i70SS5.... 1-'
70901 ... 12170925.... 12I71017.... 8.71031.... 60
71CS3.... 8171144.... 12S712S0.... S171299.... ?o
7J3C3 8:71409.... 8 71460.... 8171511.:.. *
71557.... 8171603...: .12171814.... 12171691.... 4fl
71W2.... 12172356.... 8172J22.... 12172431.... S
72443.... 12I724CH.... 127i506.... 12172576... . 2u
7:f.21'.... 8172CS1.... 20I7274S.... 8|
72756.... 8172791.... 8172S84.'... 20I72S94.... S
72943 12173091.... f,0 173099.... 8'73196 . S
73273.... 40173282.... 12173427.... 8173717;... S
73775.... 20i73S09.... 8173911.... RI73317.... 2"
73934.... S174068.... 121743«5.... 12174431.... 12
745SS.... 20174625.... 20 74788.... 2O'74S17 W
74920 ... 201749S2.... 12I75C24.... 2O|7.V)30.... S
73112.... 2017511?..... 20175272.... 20\ m io35n.... it)
73407.... 60173420.... 817S6C6.... 20|7570«.... S
75842.... 12'76O32.... 4017621S.... 8176239.... li
762S7.... 8176319.... 40f76361.... 40!76365.... li
76452.... SI7«>530.... 8176559.... 40176773.. .. S
7C843.... R.76.SS6.'... 8177050.... 8i77163.... 12
77'27 .. 40177234 SI773S2.... 20 77492....' *>«
77574.... 12IH7TS.... RI77S96.... 4O|77927.... S
7T942.... 8177961.... 12I780W.... 20!7S123.... ;
7S178.... 127S23.i.... S17R3M.... SI7S372.... 12
78441.... 1217S515.... 8'7S691.... S
7SX56.... 12I78S67.... 12US954.... H790M.... S
79192.... 40179276.... 20179324.... »!79364.... S
79422.... 4079452.... 8179518.... S|79t»l.... 8
79S42.... 20:80032.... 12S8005S.... 12180091.... 20
S01S6 12(80270.... 20180444.... 200180696.... 20
80735.... 8180781.... 8I8D875.... 20181047.... 12
81107.... 12 81190;... 20181219.... S>S1409.... S
81636.... 8 81701'.... 80181717.... 20*81908.... S
82015.... 12 82065.... 12I82147.... 20|lj2203.... 40
82271.'... 20 82431.... 8 $2600.... 12 RI644.... 12
82714....' 200J8279O.... «i82839.... R|83023.... 8
830SS.... 8J8319S.... 81S3339.... 8JS3379 8
C-7-j--ri»nrt« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday*, at S:3t» o'clock, from K. K. b.
Hall. lii'A Mission stp.et, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
\ O H., Division No. 2— Funeral notice: The
* members «.f this division are hereby ordered
to itssemble at Hibemia Hall. 12<J Ninth street,
this day ¦Tuesday), at S o'clock, to r-roceed
in a body to K. K. U. Hall, Mission street, to
attend the funeral of our late brother, Bar-
tholomew Lee. JOHN KENNY, Prts.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
K R. H. — Funeral detail will assemble at their
hail 1133 Miss.on street, this day (Tues-
day i, at 3 o'clock, to attend the tuneral ot
our iate brother. Bartholomew Lee.
Mcl.KOD— In this city. July 8, 1900, Donald,
relict of the late Marparet A. McLeod. and
beloved father of Donald McLeod Jr.. a na-
tive Of Inverness, Scotland, aKftd 75 years and
1 month. (Gold Hill. Nev.. and Kdinburgh
and Inverness, Scotland, papers H-ade copy.)
CC7"Kriends and acquaintances" Tire rrspect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at I'M o'clock, from the parlore
of H. F. Buhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment 1. O.
O. F. Ometery.
McNALLY— In this city. July 8. 1900, Fred A.
McNally, a native of New Jersey.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are resprct-
fullv invitexl to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday*. «t fc:30 o'clock, from his late
residence 106 Chattanooga rtreet. thence to
Ht. 1'aul's Cliurch. Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a solemn requiem macs will be
celebrated for th* repose of his soul, com-
mencini- at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, July 8, 1900. August
Miller beloved twin of Robert and Lenna Mil-
ler of' Uubuque. la., and brother of Kobert.
Joseph. Edward. John. Arthur. Lizzie and
Clara Miller, a native of Dubuque. la., aged
36 years and 4 days.
MOHItDICK— In this city, July S. 1WK), Martha
T., dearly beloved daughter of Martin 11. and
Katie F Mc.hrdick, sister of Harry, Alma and
W-ilter Mohrdick. and beloved cousin of Rob-
ert IS-., Katie and Teresa Miller, a native of
Pan Francisco, aged 15 years 11 months and 6
U.IJ'i.
*T3 r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<\\'<"dnesdav). at )>:15 o'clock, from her lat°
rf siderii-e.-lOW Hayes street, theRce to Hacred
Heart Church, corner Fillmore and Fell
streets, where a requiem high masa will be
celebrated for the re:>ose of her soul, com-
mnirlng at »:3ft o'clock.- thence -by electric
fun-rnl car from Guerrero and Kli-liteenth
Htrt-etK. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MMI1SS— In Agnfcwp. Santa Clara County, Cal.,
Oeorse A., beloved husliand of the late Mary
Mom, and father of Mary R.. Joseph' E. and
Geor?r D. Moms, a native of Newburyport,
Ma?*.. a§ed CS years and 9 months.
MOKTON— In this city, July 9, 1900. Johanna,
bel-<vtd wife cf ?". Vft Morton, mother Ot Nel-
lie RiMterman. daughter of Ellen and the late
V. R- O'ltrltn, and sister of Mrs. K. Reutor
and William O'Brien, a native of San Fran-
circn, nred 3f. jrcara.
C^"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
"CTFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitetl to attend the funeral thi* day
(Tuesaa>>. at 2 o'clock, lrum the residence of
her mctber. Mit. L. A. llobcrts. STJ3J JJush
street. Interment Masonic Ometery.
HETTY— In this city, July 8, l&ou. at his resi-
dence, 73'. Turk street, corner Franklin, Louis
H.. doarly beloved husband of Louis.i Hetty
(r.ce VolTmerj, iatber of Klsa and Marie
Hetty, son of the late John and Margaret
Hetty or Santa Clara, and brother of Julius
F. and Charles Hetty and Mrs.l'. Sa?senrath.
a native of Santa Clara, Cal.. aged 33 years
2 months and 1> days.
r7Frifn.i.« ami acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend ih«" funeral this day
t ruesday), from 1. o. U. V. Hall, corner
Seventh and Market street*, where services
will 1* held under the auxplces of San Fraii-
ci.<en Lodge No. 3. I. O. O. K.. commencing at
2 O'clock. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
JOHONSEN— In this city, July 8, 130". Miss
Christine Johonsen, beloved aunt of Christine
Johonsen, a native of Denmark, aged 45
year*.
!TJ*'Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
of Mizpan l>4-re No. 4, A. F. of F.. from
thrir i..da«>rooni. 2131 Mission street, be-
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth. Inter-
ment Laurel Mill Cemetery. Itemalns at the
¦ •arl.irs ot James Hagan. 44o Valencia street.
LAMH-In San Rafael, July I, N<w. Katie Fran-
<-es only child of I'hilip and Mary Urab, and
.,;.... <( f Mrs. <J. Rr>maniier and Mrs. I'eter
O'Brien of San Rafael, a native of !<an I'ran-
<is<-o. aceil U yiars 7 months and s ilajs.
LKK— In tills city, July 8, WOO, Bartholomew,
beloved husband of Maggie Lee, father of
May Owen and Thomas Lee. and brother <>£
'1 h'jmas Lee, Mrs. P. J. Noon. Mrs. J. Mc-
Carthy and Mrs. A. Golding. a native of the
parish Of Kllronln, County Koacommon, Ire-
land, aged 35 yean=. A member of the Knights
of the Ked Branch and Division No. 2. A.
o. H.
tu^Kriends ar.<i acquaintances are respect-
fully invite to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Wednesday), at 'J o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. T'"." Van Necs avenue, thence to St.
Mary'* Cathedra!, where a solemn requiem
Mffh mass will be celebrated for the m-ose of
his soul, commencing at S»:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
C£EU (ne-' ROBKK'IS)— In this city, July 7,
UHH, Addle, «-ldeM and beloved daughter of
Lottie A. and the late F. S. Roberts, and
Bieier of Cooler, l'earl. Grant and the late
Sorter Robert?, a native of San ±-"ranciue<->,
aged 24 >ears 4 months and 3 days.
"ETTrieud* ar.J aojaalntancea are r-sp«ct-
fully invited to att<-n-i the funeral this day
(Tueeda*f>, at 3 o'cl<x.-k. from th«? i>arents'
resldctscc Second and <;ilmnn streets. AVest
Berkeley, thence to tt. Joseph's Church,
whrrf a r^quu-m mas? Will be celebrated for
the revise of her P>'ul. commencing at 10
o'clock, interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oaii-
land.
FlTZ<iKRALIV-In this <. Ity, July 3. 1SO0, Mary
Ann Fitzgerald, behired aunt of Mrs. FranK
I'l.ton. MacRie and Addle Caihmin and the
late Mrs. Sauh t'alhoun. a native of Belfast.
Irt-lan-i, at;ed t*j yv«rs.
CALLAUHEK— In this city. July «. 1900. Ber-
nard, husband of Catherine J. Gallagher, a
. native of Ireland, ageJ 72 years.
Z^y l-':if-nJs and acqualaUincea ar<- r-?i>et-t-
fulljr :!i\it«.l to attend thr fun'ral this day
(.Tuesday), at 2:1') o'clock, from tile resi-
d-ncv oi 11. D. Jones, M0 JfsHe street, near
Fourth. lnterm.nt Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this- city. Julv S. V«$. l>»rg« Davis,
a native of New V<.rk, ntvti 4S years.
tirl'.pniains at the i>arluis ol J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 7«i Miss-ion street.
KALUiX- In Oakland, July B, 1X0. K'ntie Fal-
len, beloved daughter of ivter and Katie Kal-
lon. rnJ Klyier ni Annie, Mamie, Dflta.
'1 hi'nias end .lararsi 1'hIUjsi. a native if San
FrancUco, aged H years and 8 months.
AHEUN— In this city. July 9. 1900. Matthew
Ahern. a native of Irrland. aged 71 y«-ars.
Bi:NNKTT-lii the City an.l County Hospital.
July y. l'.rjO. Uimw it. U«-nn»-tt. u native cf
Mlchiron, aged 4i) years.
COGSWELL- In this city, July 8. 1900, Dr.
Henry D. Cogswell, aged SO years 4 months
and 5 days.
G-7 Frier. Is and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvite.1 to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the Pioneer
l!a!l. Fourth street, near Market Interment
private.
Cl'.KASoN— In this city. July S. 1900. W. T.
I'r-ason, beloved br«jth*-r of A. Creamn. a^cd
**7 y<-ars.
COLKMAX-ln the City and Cour.ty Hospital,
July i, liKO. IMith Coleman, a native of Ken-
tu-ky, arcd 27 year*..
CZtOCKSTT— In this city. July 8. 1*00, Dora
Crockett mer Bally), beloved tv:t<" of Charles
Crockett, a native of Lawrence. ICani , ai*ed
73 years 1« months and day«. (Stockton.
Cal.. and Portland, Or., i.airf'i'to ii'.eatse vopy.)
Ahern. Matthew McLeod. Dona'.d
Bennett. Ororge K. MrNally. Kred A.
('ogoweil. Ut. Henry Miller, Augui-t
< 'reason, W. T. Mohrdick. Martha T.
t nx-kftt, Dora. Morss. Gmrse A.
Colenuut. Edith Morton. Johanna
Davis. «Jeorge Nlcol. Mary t=.
I'allon. Katie Nowak. Katharine S.
I-*itZK<-i'ald, Mary A. Olmstead, Anna M.
Galiagotr. Rernard'' Roarh. Hannah M
Goer <n<:* Roberts). Sherreit. George V.
AddK» Simpsor.. Georse
llrtty. l^uis B. ' Kinsleton, Charles J.
JohonMO, Miss Chris- Wijods, Frank H.
tine Young. Henry H.
Lamh. Katie F. Yun*. Philiu N.
Lee. Bartholomew
DIED.
BOYSON- STEPHAKS—In this city. July 7.
VM*\, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Kdward M.
Bnys<->n and Amelia Stephans.
DA LT-McFA RLA ND-ln this city. July 5.
UOfc at t^t. Marys Cathedral, by the nev. J.
li. Hanntgan, James K. Daly of Santa Cruz.
Ca!.. and Mary G. McFarland of Leavon-
worth. Kan*.
LUBTIO— ACEERMAX- In this city. July 3.
lvod. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, V. D. Lustis
eni Irene Rose Ackerman.
SADLrn— CANTItOWlTH— In this city, July
*. 1 90S. by the lt?v. Or. J. Nieto. Samuel Sad-
ler p.nd Lily Cantrowith.
MARRIED.
OFFICIAL NUMBERS
OF THE— •
KENTUCKY
LOTTERY
For Month of July.
Decided by the Numbers of
The Canadian Royal Art Union,
C ass G, at 1643 and 1645 Notre
Dame Street. Montreal,
TUESDAY, JULY 3, 1990.
NICOL— In this city, July 9, 1900. Mary S..
1 wife of John C. Ntcol, mother of Maggie. An-
drew. Lizzie, Charles and Willie Nlcol, daugh-
ter of Andrew Valentine, and sister of John
and Margaret Valentine, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 45 years 9 months and 28 days.;
NOWAK— In this city, July 9, 1900. KRtherlne
S.. younRest and beloved daughter of Konrad
and Susanna Nowak. and sister of Amelia,
Frank and Willie Nowak. a native of San
Kranclwo. aged 9 months and 8 days."
OL1I STEAD— In Oakland, July 9, 1900, at the
home of her brother-in-law, J. L. -Wetmore.
In Piedmont. Anna M.. widow of the late J.
M. Olm*tead. t\ native of St. John. New
Itrunswlck, agea 77 years.
ROACH— In Oakland, July 7, 1900. Hannah M.
Roach, beloved * wife of the ' late Michael
Koach. ami mother of Maurice Roach of Va-
llejci and J.-im.-s Itoach of Oakland, a native
of County Cork, Ireland, aged 32 years 6
months and 11 days.
tt^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
denre, 611 Adeline street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, whore a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
SHHRRKTT— In this city. July 9. 1900. George
Vincent, dearly beloved son of Katie and the
lute George Pherrett, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 months and 20 days.
(Try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
( Wednesday), at I o'clock, from his mother's
residence, :>] Manchester street, near Twenty-
eighth, between Fulfom and Howard. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIMPSON— In this oily, July 9. 1000. George,
bflovfd son or .1. W. and Matty Simpson, a
native of Berkeley, aged o months and 8 days.
SINGLETON— In this city. July 9. 1900. Charles
John, beloved husband of Mrs. Genevra Sin-
gleton, a native of London, aged 55 years 8
month* and 23 days.
WOODS-At rest, July S, 1900, Frank H. Woods,
a^ed ?1 years.
E7 Funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 1:31 o'clock, at bis late residence,
f»W I'ine Mre«-t. Interment strictly private.
YOKNG— In VacaviUe, July 5, 1900, Henry H.
Young, beloved husband of Martha Young,
father of Martha, George. Eddy, Edith and
-Allie Young, and brother of EU Young, for-
merly of St. Lcuis. Mo.
YI'NO— In Modesto. July g. 1900, Philip N.. be-
loved son of Rosina and the late Nicholas
Yung, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years and 11 months.
CT'Rpmhlno can be viewed this day (Tues-
day), frr^ni 10 a. in. to 5 p. m.. at the resi-
dence of hi* sister. Mrs. F. A. Church. ISIS
HnKer street, nt-ar Sacramento. Interment
private.
STARKE-In this city, July 2, 1300. to the wife
of W. W. Starke, a »on.
¦WI'.NDT— In this city. July 9, 1900. to the wife
of M. C. Wendt. a Eon.
No. Prize. INo. PrU«.|No. Prize. INo. Prise.
83412.... S83447.... 40[S35«2.... 8KJ6C8.... 8
S3633.. . 1283764.... 1JJ83771.... 40iS2SS.S.... 8
83S37.... 8|S3954.... EiMllT.... 8:841*!0 500
M25t>.... S.MJM.... U;S4I44.... 12IS46OS.... 8
84659.... SIJ4ST1.... 8^84797.. .. 12 S50O7.... *
85179.... "40|3524-> 8 S52M.... M1S5423.... S
83513.... MjSooIS.... 20,83:»41.... Jt'15545.... S
S561S.... 12'So6Sl.... *|85S17.... s'«S3J.... 12
85910.... SJSMS6.... 12;S6O73.... 4o's>6t«>.... tf>
86256.... 12,56281.:.. 60ISSCC6.... S.SKCO.... 8
S6354.... S|S«473.... 12 S6633.... COCiL.. 8
868S7.... 12 ! S7»3S.... 8:874S0.... 12.S7SU.... W
67903.... 12|87S2I.... 8;»7»«3.... WSS067.... »
8*114.... 8|S«239.... 40IS828*.... 8 S5C38.... «
SS397.... 121SS4S4.... Sl*S45«.... > 88543.. „ M
S8742....' l'TSSStCK).... SjSSSlO.... 12 8SCS3.... 8
891S7.... 20S9i».... 8 S3327.... 8^)6415.... »
t9&*.... 20;«3S21.... 8;S9S76.... 20 <>9913.... 4«
90164.... 8.9O22«.... 8'9^257.... 4O'9orK>.... 2i>
90310.... 8:90718.... 20&0753.... 40I9O797.... 4O
90S33.... 12!9<)854.... 8 DtSS."..... 12.9W.3.... »
91022.... 12191133 12.91137.... 891139.... 20
91229.... 12;912*.S.... 8 916CO.... 20 91869.... 8
91677.... 20i9197^).... *>. 32190. ... 8,92225.... 8
92271.... 8192337.... 8 92349.... 8132370.... 12
9240O.... 12!92445.... 8'92«64.... 8 92i21.... *•>
MS20.,.. ft92S44.... 12|929*».... 8S25>*i.... 12
93024.... $93041.... 20193128.... 12.931S4.... 40
93199.... 4OI932SS.... 1293318.... 8 93373.... 20
93397.... 12 93^7.... 12:93637.... 4o;337B3.... S
93S31.... 12 94211.... 894327.... 40 94393.... 8
&44?9.... 1294660.... 20 94672.... 12:»47S6.... ' 12
94S08.... S94829.... S0;94S37.... KJiCSO..,. 12
950.-.1.... 12:'jr»2ni.... 1293269.... 8*95377.... 8
95420.... S9S429..'.. 4U 9.1446.... 895449.... 8
956t«S 12193721 20 937S6 40,95829.... 12
959S1.... C0;S60"2.... 20.96C81.... 12 96214.... S
96243.... 1296293.... 40.96474 8i9665J..* 12
&«66*» 12136706.... S96749..:. 12i9CS57.... 2"
968«7.... 4^197001.... 12971C4.... 8;97115.... 8
97143.... 12;97213.... 8 97497.... 2f»!97381.... 4^
97587.... 8197710.-... 2«97791.... 4097935.... JO
979S6.... 89S022.... «;9W>23.... f<"»»210 12
98403.... 8;SS407.... H984S7.... 20;9*O79.... 12
9S590.... 409S681.... !> 198703.... 12:9S715.... 12
98791.... 8;»8793.... 1213S333 12';f»91«8 ' 2»
99342.... 20190323. ... 4<>;99530.... 8.99622.... 8
99635.... 1299737.... 12MS25.... 12 95S84.... 20
99SS7.... 8:99894.... 401 |
APPROXIMATION PHIZES— 100 numh»n
from 622C1 to 62331 inclusive, b^lng 30 num&ers
on each side of the number drawlnj- the Capital
Prize of 415.0CO. J20; 1C0 numbers from 9*78 to
9978 Inclusive, being 50 numbers on each side of
the number drawing the Capital Prlie ot $4000.
112; 100 numbers from 69706 to 60306 inclusive,
beins 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the Capital Pr!:* of J20<i0. JJ.
TERMINAL PRIZES-899 numbers ending
w(th 81; being the two last figures of the num-
ber drawing the Capital Prize of $ir..00«\ $4; 9S3
numbers ending with 28. being the two last fig-
ures of the number drawing the Second Capital
Prire of *40CO. $4.
The above is for 23c. Me and $1 tickets In pro-
portion.
The aubscriber having supervised the Stngle
Number Drawing. Class "G." of THE CANA-
DIAN* ROYAL ART UNION. Limited, hereby
certifies that the above are the numbers which
were thin day taken from the 1KO.00O placed in
the wheel, with the prizes corresponding lo
them.
Witness my hand at Montreal this TuepJay,
July 3. 1&C0. HILAIRE Hl'RTEAU.
Kx-M. P.. Commissioner.
[1 ?PATENTSf fl
Weekly Gt $1.00 w Year
UHCLE SAM'S HOLIDAY
Is yours also, when you want your holi-
day shirt front on. and a collar that won't
detract from your oleasure when cele-
brating. Take your linen to a reliable
laundry, where the edges of your collars
and cuffs will not be frayed and wher*
the color and finish will do you proud
anywhere, such as 13 always turned out
at the United States laundry.
Got Them
Going
Trains on the Santa Fc arc
going every da/ to Stock-
ton at 9 a. m., 4:10 p. m.
and 8 p.m. Xo Fresno and
Bakersfield at 9 a. m. and
8 p. m. To Chicago, Kan-
sas City and Denver at 9
a. m. .
Sleepers on all trains
•when you need to sleep.
Diner on the Overland.
Ask at 628Marfcst street
o- at Santa Fc Tickit Of-
fice in Ferry Depot.
04108The Equitable Gas Light Company filed
a protest with the Board of Equalization
Gas Company Objects to Tax.
The Mayor has received a communica
tion from the Department of State stating
the battleship Iowa will be in San Fran
cisco at the time that. the German cruiser
Geler is here. It is proposed to have the
Iowa take part In the reception the city
will give to the latter vessel. The Ranger,
which Is surveying San Diego harbor, it is
feared, may not be able to participate.
Iowa May Participate.
John Segerson, a longshoreman charged
with murder in causing the death of
James Sloan, also a longshoreman, about
a month ago, was acquitted by Judge Mo
gan yesterday. The two men were eky
larkine and Segerson kicked Sloan with
his knee, rupturing his bladder and caus
ing his death. .
Murder Charge Dismissed.
A playful Maltese cat at the residence
of T. \V. Shay. 1028 Capp street, while do
ing stunts in the dining room last night,
overturned a coal oil stove, which had the
effect of setting the place on fire. An
alarm was turned In from box 236, which,
brought the department to the scane in
time to extinguish the blaze. The dam
age amounted fo about $50.
It Was the Cat.
Oil Land in Dispute.
United States Circuit Judge Ross of Los
Angeles granted a restraining order yes
terday against the defendants in the suit
of ihe Aetna Petroleum Company against
He.iry T. Cripps and others to prevent
them from trespassing upon lands claimed
by th« plaintiff in Fresno County. The
defendants wore ordered to appear before
the court In i/os Angeles July 16, at 10:30
a. m., to *how cause why the restraining
order should not be made perpetual.
•When taken at the. proper time a little Jesse
Moore "AA" whiskey will prevent a cold.
Market-Street Real Estate Advancing
Another evidence that the mercantile
business on Market street is flourishing
and expanding westward is the fact that
another first-class clothing store is beinir
tltted up at No. 915, opposite Mason street
by James Carroll (formerly of Carroll &
niton), in company with Henry P. John
son, under • the firm name of Carroll &
Johnson. They will be prepared for busi
ness on the 12th> •
David Davis Cnarged With Burglary
on an Indictment of the
Grand Jury.
David Davis managed to keep out of the
way of the police for some months, but
yesterday he was arrested In Oakland by
Policeman Riordan. He was brought
across the bay and booked at the City
Prison on a Grand Jury indictment charg
ing him with burglary. Chief of Police
Hodgkins of Oakland found Davis among
a lot of tramps In prison there and noti
fied the police on this side.
Davis and Thomas Dougherty were ar
rested las.t December by Riordan for
breaking into a room in Mrs. Erby's
lodging house. 246 Sixth street. The cases
were assigned to Judge Treadwell's court
and the men were held to answer before
the Superior Court. Treadwell changed
his mind in regard to Davis and wanted
Riordan to reduce the charge to petty
larceny, but he refused. Mrs. Erby was
then induced to swear to a warrant for
petty larceny, and Treadwell released
Davis on his own recognizance. That was
the last seen or him till yesterday.
Dougherty was tried in the Superior
Court and acquitted. He stated in court
that Davis' friends had paid $80 to get
his -case "fixed" - in Judze Treadwell's
court, and the matter was laid before the
Grand Jury, the Indictment being the re
sult. . l - ' : /. ,
ARRESTED IN OAKLAND
AFTER MANY MONTHS
Trouble Between Youths in a Harri
son-Street Cannery Results
Seriously.
John Cazconnazzo. a lad fifteen years
of »ge, residing at 809 Sansome street, was
stabbed in the back by Angelo Arlato, an
other boy two years hls # senior. In the
Overland Canning Company's building at
llHarrlson street last evening.
Cazconnazzo let a box fall on Ariato's
toe and the last named used his knife In
r A et , a V atlon - The wou na is not dangerous
Arlato was arrested by Officer Esola,
ITALIAN BOY STABS '
A YOUNG COMPANION
PIONEERS of California and boys
and girls from the Cogswell Poly
technic School will meet this fore
noon at Pioneer Hall to do honor to
the memory of the philanthropist. Dr.
Henry Daniel Cogswell. The funeral ser
vices will begin at 10 a. m. Rev. Dr. J. N.
Moore of the Methodist denomination will
deliver the sermon and conduct the ser
vices, which will be brief and very sim
ple, in accordance with • Dr. Cogswell's
wishes. A funeral emblem, wrought in
white blossoms, will be placed on the cas
ket. In behalf of the boys and girls who
have been educationally benefited by tho
man who in a life of 80 years had to his
credit a long list of good deeds. Oscar
Lewis, a trustee of the Cogswell school,
has been selected as one^of the pall bear
ers. The others will represent the Society
of California Pioneers.
Dr. Cogswell was a '49er. After teach
ing school, working In a cotton factory
and practicing dentistry in the East, he
started for California wfth the gold seek
ers. Arriving in this city he resumed
dentistry and soon acquired a considera
ble sum of money. Judicious investment
Increased this to a fortune. Then Dr.
Cogswell began to practice benevolence on
a large scale. He founded the Dental Col
lege, which was subsequently conveyed in
trust to the University of California. He
established the Cosrswell chair of moral
and intellectual philosophy in the Uni
versity of California, and provided the
Cogswell fund for the aid of needy stu
dents In the same Institution.
About this time the condition of working
DR. HENRY DANIEL COGS
WELL. .
MOURN THE DEATH
OF DR. COGSWELL
BERNARD GALLAGHER, at one
time one of the leading carriage
manufacturers of this coast, passed
away at the Waldeck Sanitarium
Sunday night. His death was the resuit
of an operation performed Friday even
ing. He was unable to recover from the
shock. Deceased was 73 years of age it
the time of his demise. He had been ail-
Ing during the last four months and was
compelled to seek medical treatment. The
physicians in attendance deemed an oper
ation necessary to prolong his life, but
their patient was too old and feeble to
recover from its effects.
Mr. Gallagher was an early settler on
this coast. He came from Rochester, N.
Y., where he learned his trade, that of a
carriage maker. On his arrival in this
city ho opened a place of business on
Mission street, near Beale, and after
building up his patronage and amassing
a fortune he retired. During the last
fifteen years he had devoted his attention
to his private interests.
Deceased leaves a wife, two brothers
and a sister, all residents of this city.
The funeral will be held from his latr
residence, corner of Van Ness avenue and
Turk street, to-day at 9 a. m. A special
train will convey the body and sorrowing
relatives to the. cemetery. A solemn high
mass for the repose of the soul will be
celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral, be
ginning at 9:30.. Interment will be made
at Holy Cross Cemetery.
The Passing of Another oF
California's Early
Settlers.
PIONEER MAKER OF :
CARRIAGES DEAD
BOSTON, Mass., July 0.— By a strange
coincidence a letter was read In the meet-
Ing of the Uoard of Aldermen to-nitrht
from Dr. H. D. Cogswell, who died In San
Francisco yesterday, asking that tho. city
of Rostpn return to him the famous dol
phin fountain which he presented to the
city some time ago and which was re
moved from its conspicuous position on
Boston Common because it was -adjudged
inartistic. Without a word of thanks or
of tribute to the memorv of the dead, an
order was passed to-night giving author
ity for the transfer. Boston was greatly
excited some time ago by the controversy
over this fountain.
Wanted Boston Fountain.
women attracted his attention and sympa
thy and ho opened and for some time sus
tained a home for women on Broadway
between Kearny and Montgomery streets
ill* Cogswell Philanthropic Society was
Started by him and he expended $50,000
in tho maintenance of lecture courses for
the society. Drinking fountains were fur
nished by him to many citios. His crown
ing gift to tho public was the Cogswell
Polytechnic School at Twenty-sixth and
Folsom streets, which was, by his wife
and himself, endowed with 1260,000. He
also built a mausoleum at Mountain VJpw
Cemetery; Oakland. For these deeds ?ie
will be long remembered.
After the public services in the Pioneer
Hall there will be private services at the
Odd I'ollnws' Cemetery. The remains will
be cremated. The surviving relatives are
Mrs. Cogswell, the widow: a half brother.
Lyman Coirewell,*! who lives in the East:
a brother. Dr. Cogswell of Sitka. Alaska,
and several nephews, who live in this city.
Margaret O'Connor, a seamstress, swal
lowed a dose of lysol ypsterday at her
home, 102 Austin street. The woman was
taken to the City Receiving Hospital. Dr.
Raclgalupi, who treated her. gave but lit
tle hope of her recovery. Her friends say
that she was despondent on account of
her lover's desertion.
Tried to End Her Life.
The Native Daughters of the Golden
West are taking an active interest
in the semi-centennial anniversary of
the admission of the State Into
the Union. Manx, of the members
from various parts of the State
have requested to be appointed as aids to
Grand Marshal Costello. It Is probable
that a cavalcade of Native Daughters will
be one of the features of the procession.
Many of the parlors have taken the pre
liminary steps to make a display on the
day of paraoe.
Hugo K. Asher, grand chief ranger of
the Foresters of America, has callea a
meeting of the executive council of the
order for Saturday nicht to determine
what part that order will take in the cele
bration. It is probable that It will have
a float In line with a number of uniformed
Foresters.
The grand marshal and members of the
parade committee have been Invited to
attend a meeting of the Veteran Volun
teer Firemen's Association to-night, when
the subject of the part that the red
shifted varans will play In the parade
will be dismissed.
The Knights of Honor will take some
action at an early day toward making
preparations to take part In the celebra
tion on the day of the parade.
There was a meeting last night of the
badge committee which has a
souvenir button, one that will have on It
the seal of the State, flanked by the
American and Rear flags; a legend of the
celebration and the initials "N. S. G. W .
The committee also selected a souvenir
badge which will be red. white, blue and
gold, surmounted by a bear, and will have
on its face the same emblem that is on
the button. . . _
At a meeting at which were present F.
H Dunne. VT. D. Shea. H. sT Martin.
Henry Lunstedt. F. W. Lees. F. H.
Drady. E. M. Wolf. J. 11. Roxburgh, L.
B Mayer, L- M. Rannon. J. O'Gara and
Henry Faure. it was decided to consoli
date the committee on information and
Dubliclty Into a bureau of information.
who=e duty it shall be to advertise the
celebration not only in the State outside
of San Francisco, but In all the States, to
the end that a great number of strangers
shall be attracted to San Francisco dur
ing the festivities.
Native Daughters to Take Part in the
Festivities — They Will Form
a Cavalcade and Act as
Aids.
Knowledge of California's
Celebration to Be Widely
Disseminated.
WILL ADVERTISE
COMING JUBILEE
IN THE EAST
veloped that even Hanna himself was at
one time employed to catch the culprit.
Last week a large robbery was reported
to the California-stret station and Officer
Leonard was detailed on the case. Ho ob
served that Hanna was wearing an ex
pensive sweater and he also had Infor
mation that the young man was spending
more money than his salary as a clerk
would warrant. Saturday night Leonard
told Special Officer Porter of his suspic
ions against Hanna and a close watch
was kept on the latter's actions. Leonard
concealed himself behind some boxes and
Porter called upon Manna to guard the
market while he stepped out onto' the
street. "When Porter passed out Hanna
stood apainst the counter of the cigar
store and commenced playing a harmon
ica. While holding the instrument with
one hand Hanna reached the other
through the grill work rising from the
counter and opened and emptied the
till. The musical instrument was equipped
with a number of bells, which ho clanged
continuously. This was to drown the
noise of the bells that rang when
the wrong keys of the till were touched.
Leonard arrested him and he confessed
to five successive crimes committed in the
place.
MTJSICAIi LAECENIST PERFORMING HIS SPECIALTY.
mUCH that Is interesting and
amusing has developed as an
aftermath to the arrest of R. M.
Hanna, the "musical thief,"
otherwise known as "The Spider," for
robbing a till connected with Baron's
cigar store in the California Market early
Sunday morning. The stealings of the
prisoner are supposed to have stretched
over a period of four years, during which
time he has been employed as a detective
to catch himself. In all that time crime
after crime alarmed the police, but they
were not, until Sunday, able to solve the
mystery or land the criminal. It was due
to" Police Officer E.F. Leonard, whose beat
Is on Montgomery street, that the mys
tery was at length solved and a capture
On "many occasions during the four
years cash registers In the different mar
ket stalls have been robbed and tills emp
tied of their contents. Altogether the
amount stolen amounts to hundreds of
dollars Baron, at whose stand the thief
was captured, admits that he alone lost
over $200. The regular police detectives,
as well as private sleuths, have worked
on the case. The amusing fact was de-
yesterday in which It claims that It3 fran
chise should not be assessed. The corpor
ation claims that it has cut rates in car
bon monoxide, that the value of its fran
chise la speculative, and that the tax
should be taken off. The franchise wa*
assessed at jifio.noo.
IN compliance with the plan adopted
by the Republican County Commitue
an cflicial club was organized last
r.ight in every Assembly District <u
San Franciscc. The enrollment of voters
began on June 23 and continued untu
June 30. On th» latter date the rolls
were closed for inflection and revision.
In the Forty-third and Thirty-fourth As
frembly uis'triots protests were lodged |
a K air.st the marner of enrollment and j
BUCb protests were referred to the joint |
executive and advisory committees of the j
Itepublicun County Committee.
To-niprht tho Republican County Com- j
mlttee will meet at Shiels Hall and adopt
¦ form of petition to be filed. Unless such
petition be liUd a place on the official;
ballot of the primary election cannot b« ,
TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
The Twenty-eighth A.-sembly District ;
Ou!> organized by the election of the fol
lowing named officers: President, Charles 1
li. Franklin; tirst vice president. Peter J- I
Ouinn Jr.; second vie president, Josep.i ;
Catiran; .secretary, Samuel J. Bridge- ;
•wood; treasurer. 1). C. H. Goodseli. j
This club is supposed to be dominated (
by Martin Kelly.
TWENTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
The Twenty-ninth Assembly District j
Club elected the following officers: Leon
Bamuels, president; Thomas 1-leming, ,
2ir*a vice president; Harry S. Jones sec- ;
ond vice president; Thomas S. Oosland. >
secretary; James E. Klynn, treasurer;,
i'az, sergcant-at-arms.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
The Thirtieth Assembly District Club j
elected the following ofiioors: John K.
McDougald. president; B. M. Engle, first ;
vice president: Charles CTDonnell. second
vice president; M. F. Conolly. secretary; '
Ur C 1^. Morgan, treasurer: O^orge A j
IJonaghuo, serieeant-ai-i'.rms: linance com- :
xnlUee.Horace Jacltson Jr., F. E. Wallace, i
James Gllleran.
STHIBTT-F1BST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT j
Officers as follows were elected In the ;
Thirty-first District; T. J. Sullivan, pres
ident; John Dean, first vice president; j
Fred A. Smith, second vice president; j
John T. CoUlas. secretary; Daniel Mo- i
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DIS
rmcT.
Republicans of the Thirty-second Dis- ;
trict orea-nized their club by elecu::s [
officers: Presidtr.t. C. B. Rode; f.rst vice
president. Dr. Charles DeWitt; second vice
president. J. C. Luci; secretary. Howaru
11. Ctllisi treasurer, Charles Platt.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
The Thirty-third Assembly District Club
vas organized by the election of the fol
lowing officers: President. John Carson;
Jirst vice present. Joseph Armstrong: sec- .
tmd vice president. William McNaxnara;
t-ecrotary. Max Urunig; treasurer, T. J. .
McMa.hon, a.r.d sergeant at arms, John
A large majority of the enlightened and
anti-boss Republicans of the Thirty-third
District refused to enroll in this club ow
ing to the suspicion that the rounders pi
lvt-Ily and Crtmtnins would not pive tne
respectable element Of the party a fair
deal. Another club will be organized in
the Thirtv-third. and a light will he made ;
et the primary election to elect anti-boss .
<le!eprates to the State convention.
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
In the Thirty-fourth Assembly District
the repular ticket was successful over the
Keliv-Criramins candidates by a vote or ,
3 to" 1. A total of 2^6 ballots was cH=t.
Following are the ofiicers elected: Mar
tin Jones president; I. J. Truman, first
vice present; K. \V. Burnett, second vice ;
president; Peter F. Mertes, secretary;
GeoTse L. Center, treasurer.
The defeated Keliy-<'rimm!ns ticket w.os \
as follows: Clifford Mo«..v..ian. for presi
dent- J. J. Moran, for first vice president: |
\ugust \Veim:j.:i. for second vice presl- ,
dent; William Ca=hman, for secretary; ;
Native Sons' j
Hall Seventeenth strett. near Valencia.
Decency gained a decided victory thanks
to the vigilance of George W. Eider and
other «=tanch Rrpuhlieans of th" district. (
*n a-t.-mwt t,. stuff the roll ivith Demo- 1
an^ P slloon bums from the Thirtieth
District was maae. but the enrollment
committee of the district struck a dozen i
Fuch names from the roll and notnin ;
The «•• -rer* that they were not entitled
to vote at the meeting. The Kelly-Crim- ;
mlns leaders in the district protested to j
•the executive committee of the County j
«>ntr;ii Committee yesterday, but the '.at- \
ter held the action of the enrollment com- j
r Di t sregar«irr.g' this flV-ci?ion. the stufTers ;
v-cre present last night and attempted to
vote »-ut that was not allowed. Thomas |
CTnnesanJ a candidate for delegate to the j
municipal convention on the Raimy ticket i
a year ago, was a leader In .protesting |
acainst the refusal to let tho Mint saloon j
crowd vote. ...
The Kelly-Crimmir.s managers tried one
ether ruse that failed. They had fifteen
cr twenty short-necked citizens conve- '
niently Bt hand in a saloon across the j
street. When a name was called from
the alphabetical list and no response m:tde
note was made of it in ord?r to attempt
to vote another man under that name. :
Oeorge C. Sarsjcnt. the attorney, was not
Present. A few moments after his name .
Tvas called a beetle-browed loafer from the i
Slnt saloon elbowed his way to the front ,
and wanted to vote as Sargent. He was ,
jrreeted with a shout of derisive laughter j
from all over the hall, and be sneaked out,
conscious that a mistake had b<-en made
5n trying to impersonate a man so well
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Organization «t the Thirty-fifth Assem- I
Itlv District Club was effected by the elec
tion of the following officers: C. M. De-
Vew president: John Cox. first vice presi
dent' G W. Schell. second vice president;
Edward F. Treadwell, secretary: William
Metzner, treasurer. *
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
The club officers elected in the Thlrty-
Fixth District are: Frank French, presi
dent; Aifreci Davidson, first vice president ;
Joseph Sheerer, second vice president: \V.
G. <""ope!and. secretary; Alpheus Duffee
treasurer; Captain L.ars J^arsen. serKeant
at-ann": finance committee— Jesse Groez-
Jr.ger "X. E. Maison. A. B. Mahoney, H.
Strahle. E. J. Banning, P. G. Gray and
J: J. Hore.
THIRTY-SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
The club in the Thirty-seventh District
elected G. Gunzendorfer. president: Edjrar
Uriggs. first vice president; Charles Alp
(TF, second 'vice president; A. Tilton, sec
retary; George D. Clark, treasurer.
SHIRTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
The Thirty-eighth District Club elected
officers as follows: A. McElroy, president;
Ed H. Aigeltlnger. first vice president: A.
W. Leuchtl, second vice president; George
W. Lee. secretary: Max Goldberg, treas
urer; Joseph R. McLean, sergeant at
arms.
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
The Thirty-ninth District Club organ
ized by electing L. A. Gibbons, president;
EL G. Knapp. first vice president; W. H.
Bodftsh. second vice president; William
McKenzie, treasurer; H. P. Goldstein, sec
retary-
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
The Fortieth District Club elected Ed
mund Tauszy, president; W.A. Woodward,
Jlrst vice president; James Wilkins. sec
ond vice president; Daniel Fitzgerald, sec
retary; Adolph Meyer, treasurer.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Herrin and the Southern Pacific as rep
resented by the Dibble faction won out in
the Forty-first DiftrJct l^st night. A. S.
Spear, their nominee, was elected presi
dent, despite the anti-boss candidacy of
Registrar Walsh is not satisfied with
the slow way in which citizens are coming
forward to enroll themselves on the Great
Register. Up to date only 13,000 out of
72,000 have registered. The registration
for the general election closes on Septem
ber 26. and for all to be able to vote ap
plications will have to come In at the
rate of l')00 per day. Under the new Smith
law, however, each citizen must be •regis
tered twice. This makes exactly double
work for the Registrar's officials, and at
the present rate the prospects are that
there will be a big rush to register at the
last moment.
Registration Too Slow.
The Election Commissioners held a
meeting last night and selected the follow
ing from the civil service list to act as
registration . clerks: R. J. Cline, J. D.
Wiseman. A. F. McCreery, F. J. Mc-
AulifTe, J. Citrof.. II. B. Moynihan. Charles
A. Sankey, James B. Cowden, F. Head
\V. K. fiwasey, F. E. Madden, I. D Dwyer'
K.^\. lloran. R. Hliven. D. J. McCarthy'
Thomas Kenny, R. H. Hessian, Thomas j'
Powers. C. B. Jllpgins. F. J. Burke and
J. J. Ruddock. The contract for erecting
end furnishing (lection booths was award
cd to A. C. Soule. his bid of $3 50 per
booth belnp the lowest of five. Nine hun
dred and fifty registrations were recorded
yesterday, the heaviest Eince the book?
were opened this year.
Registration Clerks Appointed.
The clean and respectable elements of
the party have secured control in twelve
o2 the eighteen Assembly districts. The
(iwent Republicans of the Thirty-third
and F"«#rty-flrst districts can organize in
dependent clubs and elect anti-boss dele
gate:; at the primary election.
Th" officer* elected by tho Forty-fifth
District Club are: Jaine.s Carr, president;
C. Mason Kinne. first vice president: D.
McCullough; second vice president; W. H.
iU-Pherson, secretary; II. A. Agard, as
sistant secretary: G. M. Perrine. treas
urer: Hd Skolly. sergeant-at-arms.
Voters of the Forty-fourth District or
pnnized and elected ciut> officers as fol
lows: I-i. A. Rca. president; D. F. Crow
ley, first vie** preside-nt: IS. C. Palmieri,
second vice president; J. T. Cheatham,
third vice president: John A. Farnum,
treasurer; Henry Bovnon, secretary;
James J. Ounninsjh.im.* financial secre
tary; Thomas O'Conneli, sergeant-at
arms. j
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
Maj^r F. A. Hottis. the president, is a
retired lawyer, a veteran of the Civil War
and a member of the Grand Army of the
republic. General H. II. Warfleld. first
vice president, i.s proprietor of the Cali
fornia Hot<=-1 and brigadier sreneral of the
Second Brigade N. G. C Dr. John Lef
fUr. the s<-eond vice president, is a prac
tJclng physician an<t Burgeon and lecturer
of the principles and practice of medicine
in <hf> Pacific 'Coast Rejrular College of
Medicine. Robert E. Cannell, the secre
tary, is :» lawyer by profession, associated
v. ith tho v.-Hi known firm of flunnison,
Knoth & Rartnett. <!. G. llillman, the
treasurer, has been a conductor on the
Powell-street cars for the past nine years.
Tills is tht; ticket that Curry and his
followers elected, and which, last night,
was enrolled by the county committee as
beins: thf> "official club;" President,
Major F. A. Bettis: first vice president.
General- II. H. Wariiold; second vice
president. Dr. John Leffler; secretary,
Hobert E. Cannell; treasurer, G. G. Hill
man.
The ,H.iyne-Kase combination charge
that thi' Curry meeting polled 24S votes,
though there were but forty people in the
hall. To-day the County Committee will
havo to decide which is the forty-third.
District Republican Club.
Resolved, That we condemn the action of
FaitJ John J. Curry and liranil him as a trickster
and nnworthy <<f the confidence of net only the
County Con:mitte»> !>ut (J every fair-minded Re
publican; and further
Resolved. That we request the County Com
mittee lo investigate his corrupt methods.
Whereas. The Ilopublican County Committee
for the .sake of having harmony In the ranks
"f the party adopted a plan to organize cluba
In the various Assembly districts of the city
F.nd county of .-an Franolsco: anJ whereas, the
matter of r-nro!liris the party voters of this
district \vr.s tielesatcil t>j John J. Curry by vir
tue of l>ing a member of the executive com- !
mittee ui said County Committee and the rolls j
entrusted to his care; anil whereas, it was un
dentaod by the party \ ot,»rs of the district that i
a lair and Just enrollment would take place
In accordance with the County Committee's j
call and nun* 1 but resilient Kepubliean voters !
rerrcitt»d to exercise that right; and ivherea-s.
the Ffclii J-.hn J. Curry, who Ftyles himself
"•"Honest" J< hn I'urry. has aided and abetted
and permitted the roll to l>e stuffed in thp
most shameful manner anJ in direct violation
Of th* County Committee's honest intentfon*.
and v.h> hn* also .'.isreKarded th<> Instructions
<>f th<* officers of r t. i County Committee to*
produce the roll and allow the same to be
pursed of Etutfera; therefor" be It
The club of the Forty-second District
elected Horace Wilson, president; C. W .
Kiordan. second vice president; Philip
Reardon, Fecund vice president ; Philip
Ha skins, secretary; S. H. Kent, treas-
FOKTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
There were two meetings and no end of <
excitement in California Hall last night ,
when the voters of the Forty-third Dis
trict met to organic* a Kepubliean cluh.
First, a meeting under J. J. Curry's lead
ership convened and elected officers. Then
a second party, numbering 142 voters, un
der the leadership of Dawson Mayer. J.
<_J. Bovne and Thomas K. Kase came up
from ii hall a few doors below and seated
themselves in the ropm. When the latter i
found that the officers of the club had ;
b.-en elected without consulting them the j
fun began. Ivase arose and challenged |
the election of the officers. He was told
to sit down. He then appealed to the
chair. The appeal was not considered, j
t'urry then moved for an adjournment.;
somebody seconded the motion and those !
who participated in the first meeting left
the hall, leaving the Mayer-Boyne-Kase
iaction in possession.
On motion of Kase the newcomers then
made James D. Hart permanent chair- |
man and Fred Tobiemann secretary and i
proceeded to elct a new set of officers as j
follows: James 1». Hart, president; Daw
.^on Mayer, I'.rst vice president; A. G. .'
I'lutt. second vice president: Frank Shibe- \
ley, treasurer; George Reed, sergeant at |
arms. The invading voters declared them
selves to represent the decent element of •
the Forty-third and branded Curry as a \
Kelly-Crimmins? man. and recalled his
having run for State Printer on the Dem
ocratic ticket. As a last move Kase,
Borne, Mayer and S. II. Scott were ap
pointed a committee to appear before the !
County Committee to-day and present j
their claims to havir.g their meeting con- I
sidered the proper one and their club the
official club of the district. The following
resolutions were then drafted:
TRICT
Horace Davis. As the ticket of elected
officers stainls the club is composed of Dib-i
i .e boss supporters all through. Charles
A. Murdook was elected first vice presi
dent. William J. Attridge, second vice
president; Louis N. liain, secretary, and
J.I. Brandt, treasurer.
Judge Oibble's success in electing A. b.
Spt-ar president of the club is not signifi
cant. The Forty-first District is anti-boss
in sentiment and when the primary elec
tion is hold anti-boss delegations will be
chosen to represent the people in the nom
inating conventions. Judge Dibble is a
candidate for re-election to the Assembly
FORTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DIS-
"It was a common saying there." said
he, "that no news could get out of the
imperial city, as It was sealed up as tight
as a tomb. We could only conclude that
there was ground for the deep concern
expressed regarding the situation in the
capital city."
Commander C. S. Sperry, who has been
until recently In command of the gunboat
Concord in Chinese waters, arrived in this
city on the steamer Rio yesterday on his
way to Washington. He stated that he
was detached from his ship just before
the trouble developed in China. When
he left Shanghai, on the 13th of June,
there was great anxiety as to the safety
of the foreigners in Peking.
Commander Sperry Arrives.
With reference to the famine in India
Sir Frank declared, speaking of course
from a British standpoint, that while
there was famine, "the worst in the his
tory of the country," there was no actual
starvation resulting", in death, and that
the authorities were fully able to care for
the sufferers and were doing so.
"The Japanese Government cannot be
blamed for this situation, but the other
powers can be, for while they are dilly
dallying the lives of their citizens and
distinguished officials are in grave peril.
What will occur as a result of this pecu
liar situation remains to be seen.
"We left Shanghai June 13, and at that
time the anxiety as to the situation In
Peking was very great. A dispatch had
been received from the British consulate
stating that the various consulates were
then safe, but that there was no cer
tainty that the regular Imperial troops
would not join the Boxers and take the
city."
Asked as to the strength, military and
otherwise, of the Boxers, Sir Frank re
plied that so far as outsiders were con
cerned nobody knew.
"Strange tales come supposedly from
the imperial city," said he, "'but when we
are told that the Emperor and the Dew
ager Empress are prisoners in their pal
ace, we can appreciate the fact that the
news that goes «o the outer world may be
strongly colored by those in control. Of
course humanity is deeply concerned with
the fate of the representatives of the va
rious nations that are at the mercy of the
Chinese, and the great aim is to save
them. This object could have been ac
complished ere this by Japan had it not
been for the suspicions or jealousies of
the powers. .Japan has offered to quell
the disturbance in China and rescue the
foreigners, but the Japs want some as
surance of remuneration for their ser
vices.- It costs a tremendous amount of
money to create and operate an army of
100,000 or even 50,000 troops, and because
she was deprived of the natural rewards
for her victory, after the conquest of
China, Japan is awaiting for assurances
from the powers.
"The news that has been spread broad
cast," said he, "Is not reliable, for the
simple reason that no official information
could get out of the Imperial city and
reach foreigners. That strange capital has
been bo thoroughly sealed up by the au
thorities that no intelligence can escape.
What has occurred witnln its walls will
not be known until such time as those
who are in power ste tit to give the facts
to the world.
Sir Frank Swettenham, Resident Gen
eral of the Federated Malay States,
arrived from China on the steamer
Kio yesterday. The gentleman has spent
many years in the Orient and is con
versant with the conditions that exist In
the Flowery Kingdom. While not inclined
to be talkative, he vouchsafed some ln
tormation that will be found interesting
to the world that is watching tne tragedy
In China.
Discredits News Thus Far Received,
Because the Imperial, City Is
Securely Sealed to the
"World.
Sir Frank Swettenham
Tells of Personal Ob
servation in China.
DILATORY ACTS
OF THE POWERS
ARE CRITICIZED
Two Sets of Officers in the Forty-Third— Bosses
Overthrown in the Thirty-Fourth— Dibble
Gains Temporary Success in
the Forty-First.
Anti-Boss Elements Gain Control
in Twelve of the Eighteen As
sembly Districts.
REPUBLICAN CLUBS
MEET TO ORGANIZE
MANY CRIMES CHARGED
TO "MUSICAL THIEF"
Hanna Once Employed to Catch Him
self in Robberies Covering Period
of rour Years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 10, 1900.
12
Many Whom He Befriended
Will Stand To-Day by
His Bier.
BERNARD GALLAGHER.
How' to make money on Belgian hares. Park
News. Mysell-Rolllns. 22 Clay. Pub.* •
Great Cut Price Sa!e
China
Crockery
Gfasswaro
Stives* FEated Ware
20 pw cent, off Dinner Sets
20 P^ cent, off Jardinieres
20 P er ce3t - cff Ctocfc 3
20 P er ce °t* cfI Glassware
20 P cr ccnt - °" Lamps
20 I* 1 " ce0 *» °* f Knives, Forks, Spoons
High Grade Silver Plated Ware
3O per cent, off all Odds and Ecdj
• Grey Ensraeled Ware, prices away dawo
Table Glassware, prices away down
DINNER SETS
44 piece Dinner Set* S3.OO
6o piece Dinner Set, 04.40
loo piece Dinner Set, $6 O5
GLASS BERRY AND TABLE SETS
3S* 4O, 45. 55. 75. QQ Cta*. per »<et
• GLASS PITCHERS, SUGAR BOWLS
AND SPOON HOLDERS
5, 10. 15, 20. 25 Cta. each
LEMONADE AND WATER SETS
45» 55, 65. 75. 9O Cts. per Set
CO HE JUST .TO 8KE
Good Time and Place to Buy
Great American Inmurtiiis Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
210-212 Grant Ave. <Bet. Sutter and Po«t).
Ml Market St. IOj>j>. Powell).
149 Sixth St.
355 Hayes St. 213 Third St.
1419 Polk St. 621 Montgomery An,
2S1S Mission St. 705 Larkln St. 1
IOCS Sixteenth St.' 1S19 D*»vl»ad«?ro St.
14« Ninth St. 475 Ilalsht St. ,1
20CS Flllmore St. 32S5 Mission St. • ! •
62 Market St. 2732 2Kb St. T?Ji
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 WashlnKton St. «1S E. 12tb St.
1237 Broadway. "& 23d Ave.
1510 Sgygnth St. 1355 Park St.. Alameda.
Halo's.
Hale'a.
1 making a new and better record in the p
|! old store T M
pi In all departments of the house certain lines are now on sale at
gg greatly reduced after-inventory prices, stock-taking with us is not ga
a perfunctory — it Is not merely to verify our books as to quantities — rag
S - It goes further and becomes a careful Inspection — it paves the way m
g§ for the weeding— and this weeding does not even imply undesirable fa
' 5j goods except from our advanced position— the standpoint of up-to- W
B date merchandising which requires the prompt "cleaning up" of all £s
a lines broken in assortment, incomplete as to colors of sizes, as well |9
E as the immediate reduction in quantity of all goods which may seem- Sag
m Ingly be in excess, of the season's requirements, -it is after-inventory fig
5 sales on this 2>asis that filled this store yesterday— that will bring v.
5S here to-day the same well-posted shoppers, attended by their friends. gj
I sale of ladies' handkerchiefs M.
\ there is a. saving to you in this lot of more than 23 per cent, ggj
K for these handkerchiefs are worth fully 15c each — 130 dozen fine sheer g3
Swiss handkerchiefs, hemstitched and- embroidered borders and cor- J£T
ners, trimmed with neat Valenciennes lace: each 9c „-:?
W, ladles' handkerchiefs— these desirable goods are made of fin? soft, XS
linen-finished lawn, with charming imitation 'duchess lace corners, ma
, and would be considered excellent at 2Sc; each 15c jgj
I sale of trunks and bass *3
pi we told you some days a<c about a lot of trunks which the manu- BH
|f facturer let us have without profit. In order to show his apprecia- Ma
sgj tion of our patronage, and which we were going to let you have on jv*
Es practically the same basis, they were, of course, closed out very - ;j
fe quickly, while we fear the maker may think we are Imposing upon J3
% to K50. the price will be CJ*
i $3.87. the details' are that they are in sizes 30 to 36. canvas covered, gg
g Iron bound, brass lock and have heavy hardwood cleats across ton. Ingl
fi* bottom and sides: each - •"•J^'H J^^J
Sjc with two fine, heavy, strong straps *4.»J 1-..-3
t/| and we have not overlooked the convenience of a 14-lnch travel* ifrjJ
M Ing bag. and present one you will be proud to carry upon that trip. Brjji
R3 for it's in oliv»'-grained leather, lined with leather, covered inlay and Igi
M frame, side pocket, nickel trimmings; worth $3.75; offered, each. ..$2.95 K^.j
1 sale of cottons !i
If we mention only one sale— that of 2C0O yards unbleached. 3ft-lnch IBB
ge wide muslin in short ends — 2 to 2H yards each: it is of. good heavy g-A
B quality In the "%c grade; per yard oc jH|
1 sale of Turkish towels m
H we place on sale to-day 46 dozen initial bleached Turkish, towels. £~3
|£3 20x43 Inches, with fringed ends; there are plenty of them In the let- |5j
U ters A, E. F and J. quite a quantity In C. D, H, K. N. O. S and W, hr*
•£i but because the other initials are missing and the line therefore |K|
gll broken the price is reduced from 25c to, each 19c gsg
i sale of black serges |!
$*' a heavy all-wool serge, full 46 Inches wide, in a good hard finish: |9
53 especially adapted for separate skirts: worth 73c; will be sold. j>er |gSr
il sale of French costumes if
efsl fine French foule grounds, with small camel's hair figures woven EH
»§l over the surface In dainty contrasting colors; they are in srrays. tans. go]
•fcsft new green modes, blues and other desirable shades, and came to us B?js
VlwV in February, 1900, selling the entire season for J3.0O, $12.00 and $15.00 Kgft
vB|\ the suit; the end of the season— after-inventory price is, per suit pat- %£}
Attention Is Invited to a sseclal Ml* of
PNEUMATIC
DRIVING WAGONS.
We have received this month nearly one
hundred new things In PNEUMATIC TIRE
BICYCLE GEAR WAGONS, wtth wire
¦wheels and wtth wood hub wheels. Thes«
waeqns are a success, and our stock la
more complete that ever, at prices rasglns
From $130 Upward.
We show the finest things built in Pnen-
matlc Wagons, and at prices which have
not b*en equaled heretofore.
This is a Special Opportunity.
STDDEBAREOROS. t
-, Market and Tenth Sts.
L. F. WEAVER, Manajcr.
CATALOGUES FURNISHED.