. .PARIS, Aug. 6,. 1" a. in.— The French
Consul at Shanghai, telegraphing 'Satur
day. - says : ; ; "LI \ Hung : Chang 'informs - ma
that Li Ping -.Hener was • appointed general
of the troops In the north of. the. empire
t>n his arrival at Peking."-
LI PING HENG APPOINTED
General of the troops
Continued on Second Page. %
BRUSSELS, Aug. 5.— The Belgian Vice Consul at Tientsin. M. de Kctels, in a dispatch via Chefu, August'4,
and Shanghai, August 5. says the Chinese in Peking are fortifying their position outside the British legation. He
adds that all the members of the Belgian legation are in good health.-
SHANGHAI, Aug. 5.— The report that Li Hung Chang has committed suicide is "without foundation. He -is
in a very despondent state.
The Japanese Consul here has received a message from Peking saying that General Tung Fuh Siang has stop
ped all provisions going to the legations. • •-
Admiral Seymour arrived in Shanghai to-day.
CHINESE FORTIFYING POSITIONS AT LEGATIONS.
MANCHURIAN CHRISTIANS ORDERED MASSACRED.
PARIS, Aug. 5.— The French Foreign Office has received the following dispatch from the
French Consul at Chefu, dated Aug. 2: "The Gover nor of Moukden, in a proclamation, has urged
the people of Manchuria to masssacre Christians. Nearly all of the missions have been destroyed.
The missionaries have organized for defense and are assisted by other Christians." ,
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, b 7 New York Herald Publishing Company. Republi
cation of this dispatch is prohibited. All rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.
TIENTSIN, via Shanghai, Sunday, Aug. 5. — It is reported that the Chinese have made
overtures to ransom the Peking diplomats and close the war.
RUMORS THAT CHINESE VA/ANT TO END THE WAR
ALLIES WILL MARCH ON GENERAL MA'S ARMY.
SPECIAL. CABLE TO THE CALL AND THE NEW YORK HERALD. COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE NEW YORK
HERALD PUBLISHING COMPANY. REPUBLICATION OF THIS DISPATCH IS PROHIBITED. ALL RIGHTS
RESERVED IN THE UNITED STATES AND GREAT BRITAIN.
TIENTSIN, via Shanghai, Sunday. Aug. 5. — The forces of the allies will make a recon
noissance to-morrow, starting with four thousand men, against General Ma's army. The Four
teenth United States Infantry has arrived. Preparations are being pushed forward. A large num
ber of native boats have been commandercd. All the lighters have been seized, which will stop
business with Tientsin. The combined forces are ignoring all commercial interests. This could not
be avoided without detriment to the military operations. Land transport will be difficult, as heavy
rains are reported to the north.
Boxers are raiding the villages south of this place. One thousand Mohammedans were mas
sacred. The Chinese are said to be operating from Shanhaikwan to Tungchow. , /
w ylCTORIA, B. C/, Aug. 5.—
g (Special)— By mail from
¦ . m China comes a graphic de-
J2b& : tailed account of the siege
of Tientsin and of the
many thrilling incidents connected with
it, obtained from British officers who were
in tho fighting, and also by a letter from
one. of the besieges. The account is as
follows:
The bombardment started at 3 p. m.» ex
actly on Sunday, June 17, two guns being
fired in quick succession, then two more.
The first appearance of the Boxers was
on the 15th. when they were seen from the
high buildings in the concession carrying
lamps. -There appeared to be thousands of
them, for the procession they made was
miles in length, and scon fires were start
ed."-the quarters of the native Christians
being given; to the flames and their occu
pants butchered. They tried hard to set
fire to the old Catholic cathedral, and
many of the : onlookers thought the his
toric structure -had been destroyed, but
although fires danced around it, it was
seen to be little damaged on the following
day. The same night an attack was made
on the railway station across the river.
The station was held by Russians. The
attack failed, although some of the bolder
spirits of. the Boxers got- within fifty
yards of the station. The Russian fire
accounted for a great number of Boxers.
The Boxers .were then, supposed to be
marching on the concession, making for
the bridge. .'
Early Morning Attack.
After the attack had been repulsed all
was quiet for a time, until 4 a. m., on the
16th, when an alarm was sounded. Bugles
sounded all through the settlement and
bells ' were rung. This was the prear
ranged signal for the women and chlldr'en
to seek safety in Gordon - Hall. Firing
was heard \ in. ; the; direction of." the ¦ Taku
road, hearthe Viceroy's Hospital and Im
perial Medical 'College." whereTHe Amer
ican troops : were stationed. ,The ; Boxers
were trying an attack, from , the south
west,; but '.they found British troops I in'
force " at \the Temperance* Hall, 'on 'the
recreation '„• ground... an'd;:'at t; the .- woolen
mill, and .. American troops ,< on . the Taku
road. Southwest ; of J the : French • conces-
The robbers got on to one of the sleepers
near Llmon, and after the train had start
ed made a noise at the door. The con
ductor, thinking they were tramps, opened
the door to put them off. The robbers,
who were masked, pointed a pistol at his
head and ordered him to lead the way
through the coaches. All the passerw
gers were asleep and the conductor was
ordered to wake them one at a time. The
frightened passengers were told to keep
quiet 'or they ¦would -*»e killed and at the
same time were asked to hand over their
money and valuables. The robber* »**-
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 3.— A Journal spe
cial from Sallna, Kans., says: The Union
Pacific eastbound passenger train No. 4,
which left Denver last night, was held up
by two men several miles west of Hugo.
Colo., ninety miles this side of Denver.
The passengers in the Pullman sleepers
were robbed of their money and valuables.
W. J. Fay. a resident of California, who
had been visiting Denver and was on his
way to St. Loui3. refused to surrender his
valuables and tired a shot at one of the
robbers, but missed him. Thereupon the
robbers returned the fire, one shot enter
ing Fay's mouth and comlag out at the
back ot his head, killing him almost In
stantly.
The robbers stopped the train. Jumped
off and escaped. OEM
• ANAHEIM, Aug. 5.— W. J.
Fay, who was killed by train
robbers, was a well-known
resident of this city. Mr. Fay
and his wife left here a month.
ago to visit Denver, where
they resided for a number of
years. From Denver they in
. tended visiting New York and
possibly the Paris Exposition.
Mr. Fay was e civil engineer
by profession, but during his
residence in California has de
voted his time to-tho conduct
of a large ranch and to the in
terests of the Anaheim Union
Water Company, in which he
was a large stockholder.
For several years he was
president of the company,
holding that position until
the first of the year. He was
67 years old and a native of
New York. A wife, four
daughters and two sons sur
vive him.
sion and the extra British concession
there Is a vacant lot of land, and over this
the Boxers could be discerned advancing,
screaming and dancing and brandishing
their swords. They set fire to some huts
near the city wall— the outer wall— but dis
appeared after a few volleys from the
allied troops. The remainder of the night
passed quietly, but the women and chil
dren remained at the Gordon Hall.
The 17th opened quietly and at a meet
ing of the allied commanders that morn-
Ing it was decided to attack the military
school across the river, which was recog
nized to be a menace! The attacking
party mustered In the Meadows road, be
tween 200 and 300 men, and started a little
before 3 p. m., crossing the river in boats.
It was when the first launch carrying the
troops landed on the other side that the
•Chinese artillerymen started the bom
bardment of Tientsin from a fort two and
a half miles away.
The capture of the military school was
one of the most dramatic events of the
earlier part of the siege. Major L,uk<».
who was in command of the attacking
party, was strongly opposed. The Chinese
made a stout defense, but inside of half an
hour the allied forces had climbed th*
walls and forced the gates. The Chinese
defending, most of whom were military
students, were gradually driven back wit:i
heavy loss into the building. Step by step
they contested the way, and when obliged
to retire went into a large room upstairs,
from which they maintained a gallln-*
flre.
Bayonetting the Chinese.
They were several times asked to sur
render, but refused, and some sixty or
seventy of he survivors barricaded them
selves in and made a last stand there.
An English bluejacket brought an ax and
battered In the door. He was shot dead,
several more served the same fate before
the attacking party went in with a rush
and bayonetted the whole lot. A German
ran out. and hauled down the dragon uag
that was flying over the gate.
,'About fifteen guns were taken, bu* a3
there was no time to remove them ontv
breechblocks were taken out and thrown
Graphic Story of ,the Siege* eindL
IL -^ -tit «=.• £& ,
the Terrible FMgHting fc>y
Day and INight.
Special Dispatch to The Call. t
AWFUL DAYS
IN TIENTSIN
YUNG LU TO ESCORT MINISTERS TO TIENTSIN.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 5 (Bycable to London Mail). — An imperial edict, dated August 2, has
been received here. It orders General Yung Lu to select high military and civil dignitaries, to-,
gether with a sufficient number of picked troops, to escort the foreign Ministers to Tientsin as sqonjl
as they decide to leave Peking. By the terms of the edict General Yung Lu will be held personally \
responsible for their safety and he is given full authority to deal summarily with those opposing
the peaceful passage of the escort. "By such acts," concludes the edict, "do we show our good
intentions to the people from afar and -open our bosoms to them."
* PARIS, Aug. 5, 7 p. m. — Chang, Director General of Railways and Telegraphs, has just
communicated to the Consuls at Shanghai, according to a special dispatch to the Temps, dated Au
gust 5, an imperial decree, dated August 2, authorizing the foreign Ministers in Peking to commu
nicate without restriction with their governments and ordering their departure for Tientsin under
a guard escort.
CAPE MAY, N. J., Aug. 5. — Minister Wu Ting Fang to-night said that the dispatch to
the Paris Temps stating that an imperial decree was issued under date of August 2, allowing the
Ministers in Peking free communication with their home countries was probably true and the re
sult of the memorial of the Chinese Ministers in all countries asking, through Li Hung Chang
and other Viceroys, for this privilege. t He, however, said no official news confirming the issuance
of the edict had been received.
forces of Boxers and imperial troops have worked round to the south of Tientsin and may cut the
lines of communication unless a sufficient force remains in Tientsin.
TIENTSIN, July 26, via Chefu, Aug. 4. — It appears that the Chinese are rapidly falling
back on the capital and that the allies will find alarge army opposing them near. Peking. Certain
Chinese, whose exact status it is difficult to ascertain, have arrived here and are trying to initiate
peace overtures. This question has now probably been unsettled by receipt of orders from Wash
ington ordering the Americans to advance immediately and promising strong reinforcements.
The opinion prevails here that the Russians are quietly sending bodies of troops through toward
the northeast with the object of meeting the Russians coming from Shanhankwan toward Peking.
CHINESE THREATEN LINES OF COMMUNICATION.
SPECIAL, CABLE TO THE CALL. AND THE NEW YORK HERALD. COPYRIGHT, 1900. BY THE NEW YORK
HERALD PUBLISHING COMPANY. REPUBLJCATION OF THIS DISPATCH IS PROHIBITED. ALL RIGHTS
RESERVED IX THE UXITED STATES AND GREAT BRITAIN.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 4. — From Tientsin it is announced that the allies are meeting with
greater resistance than expected and that the Chinese displayed considerable generalship. Large
Two Masked Men Board a Car Near
|Hugo, Eob the Passengers and
Make Their Escape.
WAS A RESIDENT OF ANAHEBT.:
Aged Man Shows Fight
While Others Deliver
ValuaWes.v
W. J. Fay Resists
Train Robbers and
Is Shot
CALIFORNIA
MAN SLAIN
BY BANDITS
cently applied for service In China. His
application has not been granted, nor Is
there any likelihood that it will be. War
Department officials say that General
Chaffee was sent to China to command
the American troops, and to relieve him
at this time would be a reflection upon his
conduct of affairs.
General Miles thinks the situation in
China is most serious, and, setting aside
all questions of his own wishes, he is
making- every j effort to equip General
Chaffee's command to stand the rigors or
climate and to operate effectively.
There will he no delay by the "War De
partment in ; getting reinforcements to
China. The schedule thus far made out
contemplates the* departure of troops as
follows: • : ' : r- •¦»*.
. On August 7. transport Garonne with
tv:o squadrons First Cavalry and recruits;
August 16. Wren with two squadrons
Ninth Cavalry and recruits; August 22.
Belgian King with siege battery, recruits
and animals. August 23, Rosecrans with
two batteries Seventh Artillery and re
cruits.
For additional troops under orders to
the far East General Ludington will have
available the Logan,.whlch v/ill be ready
to sail on September 1; Thomas, Septem
ber 16; Grant, October 1. and Sheridan,^
OctoHer 16. It will, therefore, be unneces
sary to charter any additional transports.
During last week he has chartered six
ships.
General XfcJinRton has instructed
Quartermaster!! acobs to buy 2000 horses
and 170 pack mules for use In Ch.na.
Large supplies of forage for both horses
and mules are being sent to Taku.
Forty-six thousand men comprise the
International force which is to march to
Peking. There is good authority for the
statement that every government will be
represented in the advance. The opera
i.ons thus far have been chiefly recon
noissances, in which American, British
and Japanese troops have participated.
So far: as co-operation by the Rallied
troopse now at Tientsin is concerned, the
authorities profess to believe it is as
sured. -Such co-operation was rendered
more feasible by the decision that in the
advance -.each' force should be under the
independent command of its own officers,
but should keep in touch with the flanks
of the columns between which it was op
erating, or "in case its position was on the
extreme Hank, should protect the force
next to it. It is held by the officials that
had the allies waited until a commander-
In-chief had boen chosen there would
have been delay, and possibly then some
of the troops which object to serving un
der a foreign commander-ln-chief would
decline to take part.
Notwithstanding reports to the con
trary, it is the belief here, based upon in
formation from General Chsffee, that
i when the general advance really begins
all the allies will take part. It is un
derstood that General ChalTee has re
ported that there were at Tientsin 17 000
Japanese, 8000 Rursians, 3000 English, 3000
Americans and a 1 small force of Germans.
Some of :these troops will remain behind
to guard Tientsin, but only a small num
ber will be required,, military experts
think, as the Chinese will find Jt"neces
sary to place all their available forces
before Peking to oppose the allies' ad
vance. • ¦•-•¦¦. . ¦ .
Infantry, cavalry and artillery will take
part in the "movement, the cavalry do
ing the scouting for the main body. War
Department officials express the opinion
that it will soon be possible to send a
steady stream of r reinforcements from
Taku to Tientsin -and thence on- to join
the main expedition. - , .-.-.
Though hopeful that- the Chinese will
succumb to the , inevitable , and surrender
the Ministers, It If nlaln to the authorities
that they are preparing to make a des
perate resistance.
To Relieve Chaffee Now Would
Be a Reflection Upon
His Ability. .- C:
Speclal' Dispatch to The Call, i
w ASHIN'GTON. Aug. 5.— It -was learned
to-day on excellent authority that Lieu
tenant General Nelson A. Miles has re-
General's Application for
Service in China
Refused.
REQUEST OF
MILES HAS
BEEN DENIED
SHANGHAI, Aug. 4 (By cable to London, Aug. 5). — The first overt attack upon foreign
ers occurred this morning. Three Chinese, supposed to be soldiers in disguise, fired at a
well-known English resident while he was lying asleep on the veranda of his house. He
had a narrow escape.
Chinese Soldiers in Shanghai Are Preparing to
Rise Against Foreigners and Three of the
Fanatics in Disguise Attack. an English
Resident on the Veranda of His House.
There is a nimor from Shanghai, via Paris, that the advance guard of the allies has been re
pulsed, but Xhc story is not confirmed from any otner source.
A dispatch from Chefu states that the Governor of Moukden has ordered the massacre of all
Christians in Manchuria.
By this time, if the details given in the dispatch from Tientsin to the London morning papers
are correct, tlie main body of the relief expedition must have covered about a third of the distance to Pe
king. According to this, the latest of rnsny and conflicting reports about the advance to Psking,
the Americans and British instead of taking the lead were in one case not ready to move and in another
instance, lor some unspecified reason, did not join in the movement of the main body which left Tien
tsin on July 30, and which consisted of 20,000 Japanese and 10,000 Russians. Generals Chaffee and
Gaselee started only en Thursday last
SUMMARY OF THE CHINESE NEWS.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 5 (by cable to the Paris Temps).— The number of allies leaving Tientsin is no better known here than are the
facts as to the march itself, but it is rumored that the advance guard has been repulsed. Li Ping Heng, former Governor of Shan
tung, who is intensely hostile to Europeans, has been named commander of the Chinese forces,
Shanghai Reports This Cheek to the Van of the 46,000 Fighting Men of the Powers
Who Are Marching on the Oriental Capital.
CHINESE REPULSE THE ADVANCE
GUARD OF ARMY GF THE ALLIES
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, AUGUST 6, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 67.
rillCE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
WARTIME SCENES AT TIENTSIN.
From snapshots taken especially for The Call.PARIS, Aug. 5.— The French police have arrested at Abbeville Auguate Va
lette, a dangerous anarchist, who Is supposed to have been the instigator of
Ralson's attempt upon the Shah of Persia. Valette left Paris immediately .Jfter
the crime. He and Salson will be confronted. -'jV
To-day the police, tried to discharge Salson's revolver, but not cne of the five
cartridges exploded because of the war in which he had filed the hammer.
ALLEGED ACCOMPLICE OF SALSON ARRESTED.
PLOT AGAINST ALL CROWNED HEADC.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— Baron Fava, Italian Embassador, has communi
cated to. the State X»opartment Information that he believes a band of anarch
ists In Paterson. N. J., conspired to assassinate all the crowned heads of Eu
rope. According to the Governor of New Jersey every effort Is belr.g made by
the State police authorities to assist the detectives employed by the Italian of
ficials to ascertain if such a band exists and its membership.
BUENOS AYRES, Aug. 5.— Guiseppe Castagnia, a brother-in-law of Bressl,
has Becured passage for Montevideo, after failing to secure the return of pass
age money to New -ork, which he paid three weeks ago. He boasts that Bressi
committed a highly commendable deed, and asserts that Queen Victoria will be
the next victim. Some clerks in a British shipping office here gave him a horse
whipping for his remarks regarding the Queen.
BRESSI'S BROTHER-IN-LAW HORSEWHIPPED.
The presidents of the Senate and Chamber of Deputies will accompany . the
body from Monza. The train will be draped in black. The large hall of the
railway station here Is being transformed into a chapel, richly but severely
decorated with black cloth fringed with silver. According to a wish often ex
pressed by King Humbert, the coffin will be transported on a gun carriage
at 9 a. m. '\ *
The papers say that the man who was at Monza with Bressl is not among tho
anarchists arrested.
King Victor Emmanuel and Queen Helena will arrive In Rome "Wednesday.
The remains of King Humbert will leave Monza the same day, reaching the city
ROME, Aug. 5.— The City Council of Monza has ceded tho plat of grround
Including: the spot where King Humbert was assassinated to the royal family,
who will erect a chapel there.
Queen Margherita has composed a tender prayer in memory of her husband
and has obtained permission from the Archbishop of Cremona to circulate it
among the faithful.
GAETAXO BRESSI. SLATER OF KING HUMBERT.
According to the recent census, the pop
ulation cf the Russian Empire is 129.-
r , HAVRE, Aug. , 5.-La- Brecgane, "the
French liner, 1 scheduled . to , sail from New
York, Saturday,-, is stiil- delayed 'owin^ to
a., serious strike among, her stokers and
bunker men. ¦¦ .: V
Strikers Delay Traffic.
Right Rev. Augustine Hsaly.
PORTLAND,; Me.', Aug. 5.— Right . Rev.
Augustine Healy.V Catholic Bishop of
Maine, died suddenly to-day.' ..
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 5.— General
York, a Confederate soldier, died ; at- his
home In Natchez, ; Miss., to-day, aged 86.
General York.
. . Carl Wood Injured. #
AIont., Aug. 5.— Catcher Carl
W ood broke a leg while running for a
foul fly in the baseball game to-day." He
j£ n nStan£ 6 . b °*rd t en<*» in front of the
LOXDOX, Aug. 5. — Chinese messages
assert that, in addition to causing the ex
ecution of high functionaries of pro-for
eign tendency. LI Ping Hlng has im
peached Li Hunpr Chan*. Liu Kun Yi.
viceroy of Mankln. and others on a
charge of maintaining relations with for
eigners.
LI PING IMPEACHES
EARL LI HUNG CHANG
CHEFU, Aug. 4.— An attempt by the
Russians to take the pontoon bridge over
Lntan canal, to the north, failed. The
Chinese were later driven into the forts
In the native city and a vigorous artillery
fire Is now proceeding. The allies are
now moving !n a circle northeast of the
town. The Chinese loss has been heavy.
Our troops are nowrecelvinp some excel
lent; artillery. Hitherto our artillery has
been outclassed by guns of position in the
native city.
Peltsung . Is . now partly surrounded . by
floods, which render a' long;detour neces
sary. The enemy had extensive trenches
and' strong artillery.
ALLIES FIGHTING THEIR
WAY SLOWLY NORTHWARD
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. August 5.-Luke
Pryor, former United States Senator and
Representative in ¦ Congress, - died at T his
home at Athens, Ala., to-day.
Luke Pryor.
The Day's Dead
CONSTANTINOPLE , Aug. 5^Lloyd
Griscom, United States Charge d' Affaires,
to-day -renewed his demands ; upon the , Ot-.
toman Government for compensation for
the losses of American citizens during: the
Armenian massacres- Ha insisted ¦ upon a
prompt decision. '-'::/:
news His Indemnity Bequest.
United States Charge d' Affaires Re-
DEMANDS UPON TURKEY.
LONDON, Aug. 6—4 a. m.— The Ameri
can and British forces began the advance
on Peking last Thursday, according to a
dispatch dated August 2, from Tientsin to
the Dally Express. "The main body of
the allies," continues the correspondent,
"marched July 30. General Chaffee was
delayed by difficulties of disembarkation.
General Uorward, the British commander,
had no such obstacles and his delay is In
explicable.
"The other foreign troops are now half
Way to Lofa. The forces include 20,000
Japanese under General Yamachuchi, and
10,000 Russians. The British force totals
9000 men and the other foreign troops are
7000. We are weak in artillery. On Au
eust 1 a strong force of Chinese from the
native city attacked Tientsin. By a
series of . brilliant charges our -troops
drove the enemy from their positions. The
native city is still defiant and the allies
are unwilling to march troops through its
streets, as this would mean an immense
slaughter. When the Chinese saw so
large a body of troops marching west
ward they apparently believed they would
have an easy victory over those who were
left" ¦ ;-:
AmeFsape to the same paper from a
correspondent in Peking, dated July 22,
says: "The women have borne all. the hor
rors with marvelous fortitude and even
cheerfulness. The Chinese wanted' peace
when the arsenals at Tientsin were cap
tured, and the negotiations bade fair to
be successful. Unfortunately, LI' Ping
Henp and KangYu arrived here atthe
critical 'moment and overthrew the peace
party. .Food has been short, but not ter
ribly so. though we have had to be very
careful."
46,000 ALLIES ARE
MARCHING ON PEKING
The escape of the Chinese in the fort
was astutely accomplished. When they
saw that they would have to yield they
placed rows of firecrackers in prominent
places and set fire to them. The series
of small explosions misled the Russians,
who were in front, and, taking the noise
for rifle fire, hesitated to make a final
rush. The respite allowed the escape of
the Chinese.
A few days* of comparative quietness
followed, and when the Englishmen who
brought the story of the siege to Kobe
left, on July 4, the bombardment wa3 just
beginning to recommence in earnest. The
fort was firing heavily from 9 to 1 p. m.
each day, and there was not a gun to re
ply, for the Terrible's gun had been
moved out beyond the woolen mills. The
Russians sent for it, and it was sent over,
but It was under cross fire, and when one
¦ crew had been killed it was withdrawn.
The Pelho River was a sight top grew
some for words, say the arrivals from
Tientsin. Bodies lined the banks, dogs
devouring them on all sides, and floating
corpses were passed every few .minutes.
The French concession was absolutely
wrecked; not so much from the shelling
as by fires, etc. Very many shells
fell about the yard and around the Jap
anese, consulate, and some comment was
thus occasioned, but It is, explained that
the Chinese fire was drawn there by the
high towers In line with it— those on the
Gordon Hall and'Astor House.'
Although scarcely any civilian suffered
during the bombardment, hardly a night
passed without one or more of the de
fenders being killed. Midshipman Don
aldson, who was among the killed. liv*»d
for some time after being mortally
wounded. Lieutenant Wright of the
British forces was struck by a ricochet
ting missile. as he stood on the British
consulate, and was badly injured. Ad
miral Seymour was hit by a spent shell
while Indoors, and Mr. Campbell, the
British Consul, was wounded tn the leg
while walking alonj? Victoria road. It
was, though, considered marvelous by
the lately beslepred Britishers how so few
in the invested settlements were killed
and wounded.
Cunning Buse of Chinese.
this gun, which was soon afterward fol
lowed by the destruction of the fort,
which blew up after a shell had been
planted in it with an explosion that
shook Tientsin. The Cossacks who had
been sent out to meet the Terrible's 12
pounder, on the carriage of which the
sailors had engraved the legend "Lady
smith to Tientsin, immediate." hugged
and kissed the gun as it was returned to
the barracks. They had been so long
trying without success to silence the gun.
The arsenal was in the hands of the al
lied force by noon, but not without much
fighting. The Chinese were strongly in
trenched, and resisted strenuously. The
placing of the shells inside by the Terri
ble's gun. though, set the fort on fire,
and the Chinese fled. • —
The Russian commander issued a
proclamation after the capture of the
fort, which read: "By the help of God
and our brave allies we have captured
the east arsenal."
LOURENZO MARQUES, Aug. 5.-Dal
manutha Is strongly fortified, and fight
ing is expected any day. Lord Roberts is
advancing slowly. and Intrenching his po
sitions. Jf Commandant General Botha
Jinds the burghers shrinking from Dal
manutha he will resign his command.The
Boer army will then probably melt away,
leaving President Kruger helpless. Gen
eral De Wet is southeast of Pretoria, and
General Delafey is northwest of Pretoria.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— The Lourenzo Mar
ques correspondent of the Daily Express,'
wiring Saturday,' says: "Transvaal ad
vices say that General Baden-Powell was
wounded during a recent engagement at
Rustenberg, when the Boers, according to
their- account, -took some prisoners and
. captured 324 wagons." . •
Leaving President Kruger ¦
Helpless.
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right. 1900, by New York Herald Publishing
Company. Hepubllcatlon of this dispatch is
prohibited. All rights reserved in ihe
' United .States and Oreat Britain.
Botha May Eesign His Command,
"It appears that after the train carry
ing United States Consul Stowe and fly
ing the stars and stripes was derailed at
Honing Spruit, south of Kroonstad, con
cealed Boers fired, killing fOrty.
"Many residents of Pret<w'ia have been
sent into exile for having behaved cruelly
to British subjects before or during the
war. The terms of exile vary, in one in
stance reaching twenty-five years."
- •
FIGHTING IS EXPECTED
AT DALMANUTHA
"The Boers say they will make a stand
at Machadodorp. They are short of am
munition and food. General Hamilton by
the rapidity of his movements prevents re
inforcements reaching Commandant Gen
eral Botha. • ¦
LONDON, Aug. 5.— A special dispatch
from Pretoria dated Saturday says:
"General Christian De Wet is completely
surrounded near Reitzburg and it is im
possible for his forces to escape through
the strong British cordon.
Bosrs Are Short of Ammunition and
Food, but Say They Will Make
a Determined Stand at
Machadodorp.
Impossible fcr His Forces to
Escape Through British
GENERAL DE WET
IS SURROUNDED
NEAR REITZBURG
ing.
At Chicago Mr. Bryan will be taken in
charge by a local committee and the
party will travel by a special train from
Chicago to Indianapolis.
Colonel Martin says the arrangements
are complete for a monster open air meet
ing in the Indiana capital and that there
will probably be 50.000 Democratic wit
nesses of the notification ceremonies. The
event is intended to be the opening of the
campaign in that State.
«
LINCOLN, Nebr., Aug. 5.— John I. Mar
tin, sergeant at arms of the National
Democratic Committee, arrived here to
day for the purpose of escorting William
J. Bryan to Indianapolis, where he will
next Wednesday receive the official noti
fication of his nomination for the Presi
dency.
The party left Lincoln at 6 o'clock on
the Burlington road. No arrangements
have been made for speeches on tne way,
but it is considered not improbable that
Mr. Bryan may be called out at different
places.
The party consists of Mr. and Mrs.
Bryan and their son, Mr. Martin, Gov
ernor and Mrs. Thomas of Colorado, Mr.
Bryan"s secretary and a few newspaper
men. They will reach Chicago about 8:30
o'clock Tuesday morning and will remain
in that city until 1:35 in the afternoon,
when they will proceed to Indianapolis,
arriving there for dinner Tuesday even-
In the Party Are Mrs. Bryan and
Her^Son and Governor and
Mrs. Thomas - of
Colorado.
Goes to Philadelphia Under
Escort of Sergeant at
Arms Martin.
BRYAN LEAVES
TO RECEIVE THE
NOTIFICATION
The only three hanks In Manila have
formed a. ring to reduce arbitrarily the
rate of exchange for American Bold. This
has caused widespread indignation and
many difficulties for commerce and minor
business. The banks, however, are ob
durate.
On September 1 the commission, headed
by Judge Taft. will become the legislative
body of the Philippines, with power to
take and appropriate insular moneys, then
establish judicial and educational systems
and-to make and pass laws.
No money will be permitted to be drawn
from the insular funds except by author
ization of the committee. Judgre'Taft and
his colleagues will also exercise certain
executive functions. For instance, they
will appoint Judges, officials in -the edu
cational department and officers of muni
cipalities.
Oeneral MacArthur will be the executive
head to enforce the laws of the commis
sion and he will conduct the government
in accordance with the same until tho
commission recommends to President 5Ic-
Kiniey the appointment of a civil gov
ernor.
Five men of the twenty-fourth Infantry
•were captured in Nueva Eocija. Sergeant
Schmidt of the Twelfth Infantry, with
seven men, trailed tho captor3 and killed
five.
Captain Lara of the Manila native po
lice was dangerously shot by an un
known assailant yesterday while on the
street. He had been effectively enforcing
regulations and had made enemies among
the Filipinos, some of whom have lone
threatened vengeance.
Lara had been generally accused of
gross corruption in office and specific
charges were tiled against him by an
American officer.
At the suggestion of Archbishop Cha
pelle Judge Taft has been examining the
heads of the religious orders as well as
Monseignor Xozaledas and other ecclesi
astics, preparatory to the time when it
will be necessary to take definite action
regarding the affairs of the friars and the
churches. It appears the real estate hold
ings of the friars are smaller than had
been expected.
Lieutenant Hules was ambushed and
killed near Santa Cruz, province of La
guna.
MANILA, Aug. 5. — There has been an
increase of insurgent activity during the
last three weeks, especially in the way
of ambushes and attacks upon small par
ties. First Lieutenant Alstetter of the
Engineer Corps, with an escort of fifteen
men, was taken in ambush in 'the province
of Xeuva Eocija, Luzon, by a large f roce.
The Americans fought until their ammu
nition was gone and as they were sur
rounded there was nothing to do but sur
render. One man was killed and three
wounded. General Lacuna, who was in
command of the insurgents, returned the
wounded with a letter promising to treat
the prisoners well.
Cruz and Lieutenant Alstet
ter, With His E&cort,
Taken Prisoner.
Lieutenant Hules Killed Near Santa
Insurgents Ambush Many
Small Bodies of Troops
in Luzon.'
ACTIVITY OF
THE FILIPINOS
IS INCREASED
Near T,imon two men were discovered on the
Blatform of the rear Pullman. The Pullman
conductor. Mr. Fmith. mistook thorn Tor tramps
and ordered them to enter the car. "Oo to tne
emckine: car," said he, "and the next f-top
leave the train."
They entere-1 the car and at once drew revol
vers, both flashing weapon* in the conductor's
face. One handed him a flour sack. "Hold
It with both handy." said he. "and wake up
the ra^engers." Then they began a eystrm
atic search of the car.
It was In eenii-darkness and all the pa«
senRFri! had retired several hours b^foi-e. One
robber euardfd the conductor while the other
extorted money and valuables from the pa«-
Fong-er*. All the pafsenRers in the rear Pull
man were eoon plundered and then the bandits
•>mer«"<l the forward Pullman when- I was. An
«»red man. W. J. Fa}-, discovered what was
tskins place before any one else. He partially
emerged from his berth and presented a re
volver through the folds of the curtain. The
)>andits saw the revolver and one of them
opeo^d fire. At the i-ann- lime Kay flre<1 and
It Is l>eliev«d the builet rtruck one of the
robbers. Fay fell like a Iok and was fiead
IWore his body touched the berth. The bm
1"t had er.terc-d hi* mouth and had passed
throuch hie head. Hi* brains were scattered
over the bed coverings. - .
It wan a moFt *xo!tirr experience. I was
c wakened bT a noise that apparently came from
the front platform. Then I heard the com
mand: "Don't make a move, but hand out
rour valuaMes." and looking u|< saw a re
volver not six ;n«-heF from my face. I affected
not to hear, conjuring up a way or secreting
the mon^y i had. "Hand cut, quick," came the
fwconA command, and then my wife reached
under my pillow, crasped her purse and ex
t<-nde<J it to the man behind the *fun. He drop-
T'Pd the pun"? into hi« pocket and then passed
on tf» the next berth. A lew minutes later
I heard a shot, several angry exclamations and
then for a minute or ho quirt reigned. The
t=hot announced the death of William J. Fay.
JH1» darin* had coi*t him his life. When the
men ordered him to throw up hi? hands he.
showed ftKht. H<? opened his valise and se
cured a revolver. !>ut before fie oould raise it
the taller of the two liamiits fired a shot from
>ii« revolver It killed Kay. and in the excite
ment caused Ij>' the trajreOy the men rushed
from the car and Jumped from the train. Later
the pas=bciip:<':s figured up their Ioffpr and the
total in mu'nry did not cmount to $20.
Charles V. Fyke, a Kansas City lawyer,
was among thoue robbed. Mr. hyke gave
a graphic description of the murder of
Mr. Fay. He said:
KAN'S AS CITY, Aug. 5.— The train
reached Kansas City at 7:30 this evening,
over two hours late. Among those who
came through to Kansas City were Mr.
and Mrs. C. P. Duck of Denver. Said Mr.
Buck:
manded to Surrender Valuables.
Awakened at Midnight and Com-
STORIES OF VICTIMS.
The robbery took place a few minutes
before 1 o'clock this morning. The body
of Fay, who was killed, was taken off at
Jiugo and shipped to Denver. He was C8
years of age and a prominent Odd Fellow
of California. The conductor, who was
compelled to hold a bag while the robbers
relieved the passengers', lost his watch
end asked that it be returned to him in
order that he might run his train on time.
The robbers gave it back. After ransack
ing the coaches the men made the con
ductor pull the bell cord, but the train
wu going so 1 rapidly that ine robbers
¦were taken to Hugo before it slowed up
enough to enable them to jump, ihey
compelled the conductor to get- off ahead
of them, so that if any of the passengers
hid been in waiting they would have shot
him lirst. After the robbers had dis
mounted they ordered the conductor to re
turn to his train.
Miss Shaw of Denver, a passenger on the
train arrived in Salina this morning. She
Stated that when the men entered the
tars every one was asleep and very lew
knew anything of what was going on un
til they "were awakened by the robbers.
When the men came to her berth a. pistpl
•was pointed at her face and she was told
to be quiet and hand over her valuables
With great presence of mind she opened
her poeketbook. letting a number of bills
fall out and then handed the purse, con
taining some silver, to the robbers. She
a'su managed to save her watch, which
Was pinned to her dress, by placing her
strm over it. • _
DENVER. Colo., Aug. 5.— W . J. Fay.
who was killed on a Union Pacific train
near Hugo Colo., last night, while resist
ing train robbers, was formerly a Promi
nent resident of this city. He established
the first gas and water plants here and
was superintendent of the old Denver
Oas Company for a number of years. He
\vas a prominent member of the Odd fel
lows' and had organized a number of
lodges in Colorado. He moved to Ana
heim Cal.. seven years ago and had since
resided in that place. He had been visit
ing in Denver for several weeks with his
wife and left last night for St. Louis,
leaving Mrs. Fav with friends in this city.
taincd about $100 in cash and a number of
gold watches and other pieces of jewelry.
Mr. Goodnow adds that Director of
Posts Sheng had. on the 5th, made to
him an imperial edict dated July 30, order
ing Jung Lu to provide an escort for the
Ministers to Tientsin, when the Ministers
fixed the date. The edict says the Min
isters can receive messages in cipher, but
notwithstanding this plain messages were
returned to some Consuls on August 4.
There are slight differences in the edict
as communicated by Sheng and the mes
sage from the Tsung II Yamen of the same
date, but they are easily reconciled on
the theory that the message from the
Tsung li Yamen was based on the edict.
i
WASHINGTON*. Aug. 5— China per
sists in lior determination to send
the Ministers to Tientsin or to
meet the advancing international
column in the evident hope that
the onward march to Peking may be
Ftayf*i if the inmates of the legations are
turned over to the powers. The com
munication from the Tsung li Yamen
handed to the Htate Department by Min
ister Wu yesterday I* supplemented to
day by an imperial edict communicated
Special Pispatrh to The Call.
Consul General Goodnow, in a cable
pram dated Shanghai. August 5. which
was reo<'ivf»d at the Department of State
at 4 o'clock this (Sunday) morning, re
ports the receipt by Consul Ragsdale at
Tientsin of messages from Minister Con
ner cn<I the Secretary of the Legation,
Mr. Squlers. dated July 21. to the follow
ing effect: "All well; no fighting since the
16th, by agreement. Enough provisions.
Hope for speedy relief."
to Consul General Goodnow by Director
General Sheng, indicating that arrange
ments are still going on in Peking for
escorting the Ministers to Tientsin.
BESIEGED IX THE CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL AT PEKING.
(From a photograph by Vapereau in L' Illustration.)
Group of bishops and priests of the several nationalities who took refuge
with their converts in the French Catholic Cathedral, Peking, and from whom
nothing definite has been heard except that they were furiously beset and were
ighting for their lives.
Xames of the Bishops and r>rleste shown Jn the picture:
From left to right (standing): 1, Pere Brugulere; 2, P. d'Addozio (Italian Lazarist);
S, German Jesuit; 4. P. Becker tin Europe); 5, P. Humblol (Italian Lazarist); 6, P. Alloss;
7. P. Fioritti 'Italian Lazarist); S, P. Morelll.
<Sitt!riR): 1, Mer. Bruuruiere <Lazar!st); 2, Mgrr. Rudjes (Belgian); 3, Mgr. Bulpe
(Jesuit); 4, M^r. Bax (Uelpiar.): 5, Mpr. Sartha (deceased); 6, Mgr. Harner (Belgian); 7,
Mirr. Scar^Ha (Milan); S, Mtrr. Guillon (French); 9. Zlgr. M. Bernard (Trappist).
Both the message from the Tsung li
Yamen and the edict indicate that the
supreme power in Peking, whatever it
may be, is negotiating with the Ministers
and endeavoring to secure their consent
to go to Tientsin. Administration offi
cials are confident that the Ministers will
not consent, unless they feel that they
will be entirely safe in doing so, and it
is difficult here to understand what as
surances of safety could be given them
that would bo satisfactory. It is believed
they will probably consider themselves
safer in the legations with their small
guards of marines' than under escort of
any Chinese force that might be selected
to accompany them.
The message says nothing about the mes
sages not in cipher being allowed to go
to the Ministers, but the edict, according
to Sheng, expressly allows such messages
to bo sent, though Mr. Goodnow's state
ment that plain messages were returned
to Consuls seems to indicate that it is
doubtful if any communication whatever
with the Ministers will be allowed.
It is the belief of the Cabinet that if.
the Ministers will -¦consent they will be
escorted to meet the advancing interna
tional forces, and the Chinese will then
offer to give them up on condition that
the advance shall not proceed to Peking.
It is not believed that the powers will en
ter into any such bargain, but. adopting
Sir. Hay'B expression, will demand the
Ministers as a "matter of absolute right."
On' Sunday night • rockets were seen
from Admiral Seymour's party, and
preparations were made to send a force
to join hands with him. ¦¦.'¦'.On Monday.
June 25, the allies commenced, to shell
the . forts, the Terrible'a 12-pounders . do
ing splendid work. The Chinese replied
with eight or nine guns, and this artillery
duel was kept up, the allies covering
thereby the- advance of about 900 men
sent to 'help Admiral j Seymour's force,
which was but nine miles away. The
force got away safely, and next morning
returned in company with the Peking re
lief force. Admiral Seymour : reported
having destroyed the ¦ Sio Kiu arsenal,
which contained munitions of war to the
value of £500,000 - sterling- •- In- the- after
noon, ¦ scarcely, before -the- handshaking
with the returned expedition was over,
the Chinese tort started ;• shelling ;•: Tien
tsin'again. A force was sent out to try
and take the arsenal at > the back of the
military ¦¦= school in- the evening. • but It
was obliged to return. The attack was
renewed next morning, June 27. Russians,
British : and Japanese being employed.
The ¦ Terrible's * guns got' into position
about, 4000; yards from the - arsenal, and
about the first or second shot the Brit
ish gunners hit the Chinese • gun which
had been causing so much trouble to the
Russians and ; put it out of action. Great
was. the rejoicing over the destruction of
Sending Aid to Seymour.
The ¦ arrival ¦ of the rescuing party
aroused much enthusiasm in the shot
riddled settlements. Flags were flung to
the breeze, and cheer after cheer given
as the, dust-stained, tired and dirty men.
stamped along. ¦ ,The > force had two 12
pounders from the Terrible.
On Friday, June 22, firing was kept up
heavily until noon, when it suddenly
ceased. Residents knew then that there
was something up. Some had reported
having* seen searchlights on the night be
fore and heard the booming of distant
guns. Sniping, though, still Went on.
During the night searchlights were seen
throwing, long lines of light across the
sky from a distance. The relief party had
arrived. They came into Tientsin at 3
p. m. on tho afternoon of Saturday. June
23. The soldiers. came in straggling par
ties, having had hard fighting all the
way. A group was carrying James Watts,
the heroic dispatch rider, on their
shoulders. Ho was presented with a
sword' by the Tientsin Volunteers, and
promoted to the rank of lieutenant. It
is understood he is to be recommended to
the Government of some of the allied
powers- for decoration. There were 2300
in all In the relief — British. American.
Russian, German and Italian. The Brit
ish and Americans came up into Tien
tsin from behind the military school, and
the Russians and Germans .from .near
the - railway station. Both columns en
countered seHous fighting, but the Rus
sians and Germans encountered the
toughest opposition, the former losing
heavily.
Then Came the Relief Column.
As. they came nearer a young British
middy got on board two of the craft and
set fire to them. That settled that at
tempt of the enemy. All that afternoon
there was heavy firing and the French
concession, exposed as it was on three
sides, suffered. The secretarv of the
French Municipal Council was killed.
The Cossacks bayonetted or shot
every human being that wore a queue.
The Cossacks have done some of the
hardest fighting around Tientsin, but also
some of the hardest looting. N. J. Sar
gent in his letter says he had reported
the looting of the Cossacks and they were
ordered to keep off that portion of the
bund. Failing to do so, five "were shot.
From the 20th the "allied forces had to
be chary of replying to the enemy's fire
for fear the ammunition would give out.
On the 21st it was found that the Chi
nese troops had mounted two guns on the
opposite side of the river within 1200
yards of the bund. The -uns were across
from the point defended by the volunteers
and the naval people sent down a gun.
Between 6 and 7 p. m. the Chinese guns
across the river were silenced. At 9 p. m.
several junks were seen floating down the
river, evidently wltn the intention of a
bridge being formed for Chinese soldiers
to cross. Fire was opened on them as
they approached and their occupants
driven below.
On Wednesday, June 20. barricades were
erected at .the end of every street and
a guard placed behind them. These bar
ricades were made of bales of wool, bags
of wheat,- rice and other cargo, which
was stored In the different godowns. The
day, though, was nuiet, the Chinese only
firing "Long Tom" at intervals. During
Wednesday night it was decided to send
a messenger to the commanding officers
at Taku, calling for help, and James
AVatts of the Tientsin Volunteers, offered
to carry the dispatches. Three Cossacks
accompanied him. Several times on their
perilous journey they were attacked by
hostile villagers, and they had many per
ilous- adventures, but they managed to
get through the Chinese troops, who were
everywhere about the districts they
passed through. The party returned with
the relief force.
Building the Barricade.
Into the river, thus making the guns use
less. The place was then set on tire and the
allies withdrew. " It burned for an hour J
or two amid constant explosions of car
tridges^. All the rest of the day, until 3
p. m., the guns continued to throw shells
into Tientsin, but aa they were compara
tively high, they did little damage. Tho
shells were 3Vi inch. The big gun was
given several pet names, the most popu
lar one 'being '•Long Tom."
On the 18th of June, next morning, the
bombardment started at 6:20 a. m. and
went on until 6 p. m., the. only Interrup
tion being when the gunners stopped for
dinner.. A '; number of Cossacks went
out and attempted to silence the guns.
They fought the greater part of the day
and came back -in tne evening with 120
killed and wounded. There was, too, that
day some terrific lighting between the
¦"Russians holding the railway, station and
the Chinese. 'Had Tit not been -for the
brave 700 Russians and the fight they put
up, holding the thousands of Chinese at
bay on that day, the beseiged city would
have fallen and the beleagured people died
a horrible death.
Ready to Slay "Women and . Children.
The Rev. Charles F. Gammon, superin
tendent of the American Bible Society In
North China, who has reached, Nagasaki
from Tientsin, says that just prior to the
brave tight of the Russians the foreigners
had arranged to kill their women and
children by their own hands, should the
attack of the Chinese carry as they
feared it would, and men had been chosen
by lot to shoot the women and children
should the worst come to pass. The Rus
sians, though, saved the settlements.
They lost heavily, but maintained their
position, although they were so hard
pressed at one time that the question of
retirement was considered. The six-inch
gun of the Chinese at the fort gave them
constant trouble, as their only gun was a
15-pounder of rather antiquated design.
At 10 a. m. the firing was so severe that
the Russian commander sent a message
for help, and a British force was moved
across to support. The hail of shell and
bullets was so steady that the defenders
of the railway station had to lie down
under the platform, so to speak, for pro
tection.
The attack was by regular troops and
evidently well planned, as a smaller body
also attacked the Americans on the Taku
road. Once the American defenders wer.e
driven a bit. Fighting was going on all
along the French bund, the enemy being
in great force along the opposite side of
the river. During the whole afternoon a
terrible wind and dust storm was rag
ing and at night, when the Russians sor
rowfully buried their dead, the rain fell
in torrents.
' The next day the Chinese brought some
guns to bear upon the city from the wall
situated to the eastward. Every time they
fired the British replied with a Maxim
and a nine pounder, which afterward
disabled the enemy's worst gun.
.-- Continued from First Pag*.
AWFUL DAYS
IN TIENTSIN
Overtures Made by the Imperial Authorities to Deliver the Ministers if the March on
Peking Is Stayed Will Be Rejected.
CUNNING MANEUVERS OF CHINESE
GOVERNMENT WILL BE OF NO AVAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, MONDAY,- ATJGTJST 6, 1900.
Chapel Will Be Erected in Monza Near the
Spot Where Italy's flonarch Was
Assassinated.
TO MARK WHERE
HUMBERT FELL
2
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
S~f/\T E 7V\ E IN X
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦..¦-"¦>¦ ,--~~--* \.
—OF THE—
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANT ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1S39. and for the
year pndine on that day. as made to th<* In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cal!*or-
nia. pursuant to the provisions of sec"nns CIO"
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as pet
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks *nd
bonds owned by company $827 348 23
Cash in company's office 3.3R4 ji)
Cash in banks ,... CO,' 362 21
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 7 2^ $3
Certificate of deposit In hands of
37.000 00
Premiums In due course of collection. 33,052 02
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid " 533 2* .
Total assets 1830,923 (3
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $23.4)3 72
Losses In process of adjustment or la
suspense 44.718 Ot
Losses resisted. Including expenses 3,304 33
Gross premiums on fire rls»k3 runninsr
one year or less. H2Z.2U 52: rein-
surance CO per cent 212.C07 56
Cross premiums on fire rifks running
more than one year. J^O.531 66; rein-
surance pro rata 145,131 1J ¦
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 22.8S5 !S
Total liabilities !W,;.J S)
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums sr.;7.t;j 83
Received for interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, leans, and from all
other sources 21.434 4^ '
Received from home office 86.037 U *'
Total incrme .....$C6T £22 97
. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding t'i','j\-'J .".;. losses of previous
yearsO W03.773 73
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 13:,"38 31
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerk*, etc 25,311 03
Paid for State, national and local , *
taxes ; 14.518 K '
All other payments and expenditures. 31,3Ct> 13
Total exrecditurej I6C7.U4 SO
Losses incurred durlnsr the year. fire.. $433. lot %\ - J
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year *72,2T3.i;7 $791,223 43-::
Net amount of ri.«ks
expired during the
year • 61.763.SM 683.W1 73 •
Net amount in force De- . •
cerr.ber 31. 1S33 60.893.133 675.346 13 > --
ADOI.PI! LOED, V. S. Manazer. "*
Subscribed and sworn to before me this WU» J ' :1
day of Fetirnary. 1SC0.
ilARK A. FOOTE. Notary. PuWic, ?."
V. CAR US DRIFFIELD^
Manager ij'
Assistant Manager. • ' ;."~; 7 ;
PACIFIC DEPAETMENT:
2/3 SA NSOME STREET*
~~ SAM FILANCISCO. ;dorf. "WV R. Bowers of Los Angeles is at
th« Netherlands. .
NEW YORK, Aug. 5. - William H:
Crocker of San , Francisco is at the ."Wal-
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
held.
The morning service was a grand one.
TJy musJcaJ programme was excellent.
Tiff* sermon was one of power, and was
preached by the Rev. J. H. McCullougli
of lrvlngton.
This evening • the dosing service was
held, and a jrrand sermon was preached
by the Hev. Hiram .Van jqrk of Chicago.
Fp+~i<i\ r-'spatrh to The Call.
BANTA CRUZ. Aug. 5.— For two weeks
the mombrrs of the Christian churches
of California have been In session at their
resort. Garflcld Park. Never In the his
tory of the church in California have so
many come together. To-day was tho
last of the convention, and was one of
the best.
There was a very larpe gathering or
both old and young at ft:.*) this morning,
when the regular Sunday-school was
Large Gathering of Old and Young at
the Services During the Day
and Cvening'.
ADJOURNMENT OF THE
CHRISTIAN CONVENTION
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Aur. 5.—Dur
ing a fit of temporary insanity attributed to
ill health H. "Wildman. who has been for
twelve years depot local freight agent for the
Denver and Rio Grande, shot himself through
the head at 7:30 o'clock this morning. He died
an hour later. He was to have left at 10
o'clock for a vacation trip to California,
LODI Aug. 5. — Sixteen hundred dollars was
paid to'-day for a crop of eighteen acres of
Mission grapes on the Mowry place, one mile
north of Lodi, a local winery being the buyer.
The prices average $25 50 per ton, the highest
offered In years. The vintage in this section
will be sood and growers are jubilant over the
prospect Of high prices.
FAIKHAVEX. Waili., Aug. 6.— Salmon were
running better on the Sound the past week and
nearly all of the fifteen canneries in this vlcin
itr are working their full capacity. The Pa
cific American Fisheries Cannery packed about
£0CO cases each day since Thursday, th» value
of the three days' product reaching near $150,*
000. .
PORTIAND. Or.. Aug. 5.— A special to the
Oregonian from La Grande s-ays: Fire last
nlKht destroyed Bolton & Bodmer's implement
warehouse, a warehouse belonging to the Ore-
Eon Railway and Navigation . Company and
reventeen freight cars. The totai loss is about
$30,000. > V £ ! H
L.A GRANDE. Or.. Aug. 5.— Walter Green,
aged 2S committed suicide to-day by shooting
himself with a revolver. On his key ring was
a taff with the words "507 Slain street, Buffalo.
>.*. Y." Green had been on a protracted drunk.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
"Workmen, come in crowds and show
that the feeling of brotherhood is strong
among you."
Mrs Parsons was on her way to the hall
when, finding It had been closed by the
police, she stepped Into a doorway across
the street. Soon a crowd formed and a
policeman, pushing the throng, caught a
glimpse of Mrs. Parsons. Thinking she
was making an anarchistic speech, he
endeavored to disperse the crowd, but
failed. He sent In a call for reinforce
ments and. additional policemen arriving
immediately, a general fight was precipi
tated. Fists and clubs were used and
the police, finding themselves being
worsted, pent in a riot call. The num
ber of police was Increased to forty-rive
and theyrushed into the throng. Mrs. Par
sons was seized. Bricks were thrown,
clubs were wielded and a fierce struggle
ensued before the crowd was finally dis
persed. ,, '¦
After the affair numerous small cards
were found bearing the heading, "jWork
ingmen. Emancipate Yourselves."
The police assert that these cards were
printed in San Francisco and were re
ceived here by the anarchists several days
ago and have been secretly distributed.
A large quantity of literature, advocating
anarchy and a book containing the names
and addresses of several anarchist sym
pathizers were secured by the police.
A mas3-meetlng had been called at the
West Side Turner Hall at which speeches
¦were to be made by Mrs. Parsons and
others on the topic, "The Execution of
the King of Italy." The call concluded:
CHICAGO, Aug. 5.— An anarchist riot
occurred this afternoon at the corner of
Twelfth and Halstead streets, in which
twenty-five people were bruised in a
struggle with forty-five policemen. Five
persons wero arrested, among them being
Mrs. Lucy Parsons, widow of Albert R.
Parsons, who was executed November 11,
1SS7, In Chicago for aiding and abetting
the bomb-throwing in the Haymarket
riot. She was charged with disorderly
conduct ana resisting an officer. Her bail
was fixed at $1000.
Large Quantities of Printed Cards
Found Which the Officers De
clare Were Sent FTom
This City.
Riot Call Is Sent In and
Several Persons Are
Injured.
ANARCHISTS
FIGHT POLICE
IS CHICAGO
PARIS, Aug. 5.— Four :.;. thousand cab
drivers have gone on 'strike, demanding
a lower rate ; for renting vehicles. ; There
have been no uisturbances. but the *.e.
publican Guards protect the stables.
PARIS. Aug. 5.— A flre at .: the head,
quarters of the. Caimmjeq Cab Company,
Cab Drivers on Strike.
. Negotiations looking to an agreement
between the two countries would be un
dertaken by the President, provided there
was an abrogation of all present conces
sions relating to the canal by mutual
agreement between the parties Interested.
PANAMA. Aug. 5. — The Herald's corre
spondent at Managua, Nicaragua, tele
graphs that President' Zelaya desires to
deal directly with the United States for
the construction . of the interoceanic ca
nal. : --:¦¦• - -
Negotiation Be Commenced
Over the Canal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Nicaragua's President Anxious That
ZELAYA WOULD DEAL
DIRECTLY WITH AMERICA
Over a year ago Father McXamee built
a boys' school. During the first year the
children were taught by the Sisters of
Charity, but now the institution has
passed into the hands of the Christian
Brothers. Three have arrived from Oak
land, being from St. Mary's College. To
morrow they will commence their duties
as teachers and the ceremonies in connec
tion with the opening of the school were
celebrated at 3:30 p. m. at the church to
day. ¦
The home of the brothers is a two-story
building, large and roomy, and of a neat
stvle of architecture. It is situated on
High street, adjoining the church and
school.
FARMER IS GORED
TO DEATH BY A
MADDENED BULL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 5.-Fran
cisco Columbino was gored to death
yesterday afternoon by his own
bull on his farm several miles south
of here. Columbino went out to
bring the bull from pasture. Un
fortunately he wore a red shirt.
This apparently Infuriated the bull,
which dashed through a fence and
pinioned his master to the ground.
Columbino's bowels were torn out
and his body otherwise frightfully
torn and lacerated. A man on the
place heard Columblno's cries for
help, but before he reached the
scene the farmer was dead. The
bull had attacked him before. j
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 5.— With Impres
sive ceremonies Bishop Montgomery to
day consecrated the home of the Chris
tian Brothers, recently erected In this
city through the efforts of Father Me-
Namee. After the services the Bishop
preached a sermon suitable to the occa
sion at the church.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Bishop Montgomery Officiates, Being
Assisted by Father McKTamee,
Who Is Pastor of
the Church.
Opening of the New Chris
tian Brothers' Home at
Santa .Cruz.
CONSECRATED
WITH CEREMONY
AND PRAYER
BAN JOSE, Aug. 5.— The winery of Mrs,
C. F. A. llanino, two miles west of Camp
bell, was burned to the ground early this
morning:. Loss $8000, fully covered by in
surance. - — - ~ •• -^.i
¦Winery Burned.
PARIS. Aug. 5.— At Vichy yesterday
Cash Sloan won the prize of the Society
for the Encouragement of Sport. 4000
francs on the Due de Gramont's Esmer
alda ll.
Cash Sloan Wins.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 5.— An exciting
game of baseball was played here to-day
between the Lash's Bitters of San Fran
cisco and the San Rafaeis. Nearly a thou
sand people came to the eastside grounds
and enjoyed the game. The San Rafaeis
won by a score of 8 to 4.
San Rafaeis Win.
KING ALEXANDER
OF SERVIA WEDS
MADAME MASCHIN
BELGRADE. Aug. 5.— King Alex
ander to-day wedded Mme. Draga
Maschin, the ceremony being per
formed with great pomp.
In honor of the event the King
granted an amnesty, together with
numerous political pardons, includ
ing the former radical Premier,
Tauschanovich.
Th« procession passed through
Btreeta gay with flags and tlowers.
It is estimated that no fewer than
30,000 persons came from the prov
inces and from abroad to see the
wedding pageant
Preceded by a squadron of
Servian Lif e Guards, the bridal
couple rode in an open carriage and
amid loud cheers to the cathedral.
The Metropolitan met them at the
door, blessed them, and under 'the
ritual of the Greek church made
them man and wife. The King and
Queen then received the congratu
lations of the diplomatic corps,
after which they re-entered the
royal carriage and were driven to
the palace, where a march past
was witnessed and the wedding
breakfast was served.
The Glacier Bay placer strike is still
attracting many "people to the new dis
coveries.
Reports Received of a Rich Strike
Made on the Al May Mine at
Windham Bay.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 5.— The steam
ship Humboldt arrived from the north
to-day with forty-one passengers and
1200.000 -in treasure. Humboldt Gates and
C. W. Hall brought out $150,000. a portion
of it being the proceeds of the sale of,
Gates' interest in No. 28 El Dorado. Gates
is one of the pioneers of the Klondike.
Juix.au passengers report a rich quartz
strike on Windham Bay. *lt was made
in Al May's mine, a vein twenty feet
wide being found which carries high val
ues. The vein was traced for 6000 feet.
The poorest average gave assay returns
of 519 GO per ton. There is a streak about
twelve inches wide of particularly rich
rock, from which the lowest assay was
$D0.
KLONDIKE MINERS
RETURN WITH GOLD
No Further Devastation Is Expected
to Occur in the San Gabriel
Reserve.
LOS ANGELES. Au" 6.— To-night's in
dications are that the fires in the moun
tains are completely under control, and
unless an unlooked-for outbreak of the
flames occurs there/Will be no more de
vastation by the fire, which has raged for
two wetks in the San Gabriel forest re
s-erve.
The only blaze of any consequence Is
that In Eaton's Canyon, and that is so
hedged in by fire breaks that a force of
sixty men have been at work cutting
vide swaths around Eaton's Canyon fire,
checking its further spread, and their
hard work in following up and extinguish
ing the flames, aided by th heavy togs
which have prevailed, have resulted in
subduing the blaze. On Monrovia Peak
and in the west fork of the Little Santa
Anita Canyon the fires are said to oe
practically at an end, and further devas
tation is not probable.
FOREST FIRES NOW
UNDER COMPLETE CONTROL
at St. Ouen. this morning destroyed a'.l
the cabs and fifteen horses. Ten persons
who were assisting the firemen to put out
the ilames were injured.
PRESIDENT'S QUIET DAY.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 5.— President Mc-
Kinley had a quiet and uneventful day. A
number of telegrams from Washington
kept him advised on events 'in the Far
East, but there was nothing to.be d.s
cussed from here.
I-ate Saturday night Tarns Bixby of
Minneapolis, a member of the Dawes In
dian Commission, reached the city and
had a conference with the President, the
nature of which was not dii'Ulged.
San Jose Natives Choose a Uniform.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE. Aug. 5.— The local parlors
of Native Sons have decided to appear ia
the same style of uniform in the Admis
sion day parade. It will consist of a
navy blue serge coat, pantaloons with
stripes of gold-colored silk ribbon down
the side seams on each leg and pearl
colored hats with puffed yellow hands.
The uniforms are to be completed with
yellow shirt fronts and sashes.
Youthful Burglar Arrested.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 5.— A young man
named Henry Simmons was arrested here
to-day and charged with robbing the Oa
borne residence near town yesterday. Ha
has admitted his guilt. He gained en
trance to the house by a window and
stole a quantity of jewelry.
FRESNO Aug 5— Frankie Himes. the nine-year-old boy who abetted his elder brother Fred in poisoning their
fath'er 'was arrested and placed in jail to-day. The prisoner was such a tot, however, that Sheriff Collins refused
to keep him in prison and allowed his uncle to take him away. The latter promised to be responsible for the
appearance of the lad when wanted in court. It is expected that Elmer Martin, cousin of the Himes boys, will be
arrested to-day for complicity in the plot.
Fred Himes the thirteen-year-old boy, who administered the poison, cried all day in his cell at the Jail. He makes an
onen confession to every one who talks to him and always tells the same story, even to the minutest details.
Probablv nothing further will be done in the case until the victim of the conspiracy dies. Himes is now suffering from
acute inflammation of the intestines, caused by arsenical poisoning, and shows nil the symptoms of typhoid fever in its
worlt "taees In addition to the intestinal troubles he has been partially paralyzed by the poison. There Is hardly one
chance "in a thousand for his recovery, according to the opinion of Dr. Davidson, the County Physician. The patient's sys
tem had become so" thoroughly saturated, with the arsenic before the crime was discovered that the case is almost a hope
less cn^ brightene(1 U p a little bit this morning and during lucid intervals talked. He thought he was suffering from
cholera morbus caused by eating green fruit. The medical man told Himes for the first time what had caused his two
vreek f.' T m^ e ol' dest boy O f yours put Rough on Rats In your coffee two weeks ago and since then in other drinks." explained
the p^ lc f^ er opened h i s eyes in astonishment, and then referred to his son with a vile epithet.
W. M. HIMES, THE FATHER, AND FRED, THE SON, THAT POISONED HIM.
Special Dlspatcb to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.— Delbert Simmons,
9 years old, owes his life to James J. Cor
bett, who is now in training at Bath
Beach. The tide carried the boy off shore
and he was in grave danger when Corbett
went to the rescue. The two reached
shore in a few minutes and young Sim
mons was wrapped up in blankets and
sent home.
CORBETT SAVES A YOUNG
BOY FROM DROWNING
Diplomas Granted at the Twin Lakes
Convention to Graduate Prom
the Bible School.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 5.— To-day was fit
tingly observed by the young Baptists,
who gathered in convention at Twin
Lakes.
• The morning session opened at 10
o'clock with devotional exercises led by
Rev. W. G. Driver of Healdsburg. The
sermon of the morning was preached by
Rev. Charles Eastman of the California
Baptist College. lie chose for his text.
"Young Man. I Say Unto Thee, Arise."
In the afternoon at 3 o'clock Sunday
school was held and was superintended
by H. E. Parker. At that hour D. P.
Ward, president of the Twin Lakes Bap
tist Assembly, presented fourteen boys
and girls with diplomas. The young peo
ple are graduates of the Summer Bible
School and successfully passed the writ
ten examinations.
In the evening D. J. Davis of Sacra
mento led a half-hour praise service. A
timely address was given fcv Rev. A. W.
Rider of Oakland on "The Situation in
China."
The closing consecration service was led
by Rev. B. B. Jacques and his wife, who
are evangelists on the chapel car Em
manuel.
DEVOTIONAL EXERCISES
HELD 3Y THE BAPTISTS
LAYTONVIULE. Aug. 5.— Deputy Sher
iff, Grubbs, who has been pursuing Mur
derer King, has suddenly started out into
the night with a fresh supply of men and
horses on a clew that required Immediate
action. '
He had temporarily abandoned the chaso
for a day to get much needed rest and a
supply of fresh horses and men. A great
portion of the chase was on foot and soma
of the time through soft, marshy ground.
The trail was lost thirty-five miles north
of Bell Spring Ridge and the officers be
lieve King doubled back. They were pos
itive they had him surrounded Friday
night and spent thirty-six hours trying to
find the trail he took out of the canyon.
Officer Grubb always has his ears open to
catch stray reports that would lead to
anything like a clew, and to-day learned
that King had a brother in law some
where in the vicinity of Cold Creek In
Trinity County, and knowing that he lost
track of King somewhere In that neigh
borhood he now surmises that he will bo
located near there somewhere. Acting on
this supposition he and posse will set
out on the chase, going to Trinity County.
A posse under the leadership of Deputy
Sheriff Redwlne, it is said, is on a hot
trail and has positive evidence that King:
Is hiding in the mountain fastness north of
Covelo. Late Wednesday night King;
passed through Covelo. The night waa
very dark and the following evening he
was* seen crossing a high ridgo twenty
five miles north, by a man named James
Hall. King is accompanied 'by a half
breed Indian named Walter Reed from
Skaggs Springs, who through friendship
for the fugitive is assisting him to escape.
Sheriff Taylor with a posse of picked
men left for the wilds of Anthony Peak
to station men to cover all the numerous
trails that lead to Oregon. Sheriff Taylor
has telegraphed the Sheriffs of Humboldt.
Tehama. Trinity and Shasta Counties to
keep a careful watch out for Church's
slayer, as he will likely head farther
north.
A theory advanced by Sheriff Taylor and
many of the pursuing officers at Covelo
is that King is hiding in the Red Moun
tain country in Trinity. It ia known that
Reed, the half-breed, has friends in that
neighborhood who will assist them with
provisions to sustain life. Still another
theory is that King has substantial
friends In Oregon who came to his rescua
in his former troubles and that Oregon is
the point headed for.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Deputy Sheriff Grubbs Starts
Out With a Fresh
Posse.
Pugitive Is Accompanied by a Hall-
Breed Indian Named Heed and
Believed to Be Headed -, ,
for Oregon. _ :Jj
NEW CLEW AS TO
HIDING PLACE OF
MURDERER KING
icg Before Chamber
of Commerce.
Assistant Secretary Spauld-
PROMISES TO
AID MERCHANTS
OF SKAGUAY
Discusses the Petition to Rescind the
Privilege Allowed Canadians of
Bonding Goods Through
Yukon Territory.
The effect of such action would be to shut
out all vessels except American in domestic
trade. I am willing to help you to secure an
adjustment of your trade matters, but would
dislike to apply such a drastic remedy as
this.
Make rour statement strong and clear and
I will eee that it reaches the i-iate Department
with my approval. I believe in looking out
tor American shipping and American commerce
first. 1 will say, too, that so far as the Treas
ury Department 1* concerned its disposition is
to serve American interests in every way po»
flble. but there are some things we cannot
do. We are controlled by the laws of Con
gress. A considerable portion of your com
plaint Is In connection with the Canadian regu
lations. That we cannot remedy. I think your
case can be presented at Ottawa in such a way
as to secure relief for your people. I think
your railroad people will help you. As to the
bonding question I have this to say, it is here
in all respects as In other portions of the
country. 1 do not eee how we can change it.
"We can hardly make an exception of this port.
Business will adjust iuelf to conditions.
Sometimes It is not very satisfactory, but we
cannot help that. I can give you no assur
ance that we can change the bonding privileKe.
You must remember that there is a great dif
ference in the American and Canadian method
of administering government. We are bound
by statute, while they have their order in
Council and discretionary powers. If at times
it teems to the people that our Government is
not bs mindful and responsive to the interests
cf the people as the Canadian it must not be
charged to indifference. I do not believe you
want this port closed. It could be done, how
ever, as Dyea was closed, by taking the officers
away.
SEATTLE, Ausr. 5.— The Skaguay Cham
ber of Commerce, which has petitioned
the Government to rescind the privilege
now allowed Canadians of bonding mer
chandise through that port to points In
the Yukon Territory, has apparently
gained a strong supporter in General O. L.
Spaulding. First Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury. General Spaulding, who is
visiting Alaskan ports on the cutter
Grant, met the business men of Skaguay
the evening of June 31 and after hearing
their statements made two suggestions.
The first is that an appeal be made by
the American merchants of Alaska to the
State Department asking for negotiations
with the Dominion Government gooking
toward reciprocal arrangements. The sec
ond is to abolish the sub-port of Skaguay,
thus closing it to all foreign trade. Skag
uay advices quote General Spaulding as
saying:
Special Dispatch to Call
The country in the John Day region has
been subject to great disturbances, so that
fossils were found in the sides of canyons,
washed out by rains, where ordinarily
they would have been 10,003 feet below the
earth's surface. Several days were re
quired in taking: out some of the speci
mens owintc to the work of cutting away
the hard rock in which they were im
bedded. N
BERKELEY, Aug. 5.— The bones of an
animal of a species heretofore unknown
to the scientific world were recently dis
covered in the John Day region. Oregon,
by Professor J. C. Merriman and party
from the University of California. The
discovery will be hailed with delight by
scientists, for Its importance in the study
of prehistoric life may be very great.
Professor Merriman and party have just
returned from one of the most successful
paleontological exploration trips ever con
ducted by the State University. The can
yons of the Oregon basin afforded a vast
field for valuable research. In the upper
strata teeth of mastodon were taken out.
while in the lower levels the skeleton of
a tapir, the only one ever found in that
region; bones of the peccary, rhinoceros
and ancient horse, all rare specimens,
were dug from the solid rock.
Bare Falaeontological Specimens
Gathered in Region of John
Day River by Uni
versity Men.
ANIMAL NOT
KNOW N TO THE
SCIENTISTS
W
Valuable Discoveries Made
by Professor Merriam
and Party.
NOME. July 22.— Xome continues just,
the r anu — a little worse if anything. There
his bees no rai:i as yet and the long
looked lor dust from the creeks still re
fuses to materialize. The Cleveland, Ore
eron and Senator have arrived, bringing
a few hundred new fortune seeKers. 'inese
later arrivals are fcr the most part al
ready discouraged, and many, though
they have only been here a few hours, are
already speaking of returning u> their
harpy homes. The most notable event of
recent days has been the arrival of Judge
Arthur H. N'oyes and the other officials
cf the new District Court, v.-ho arrived a
few days ago on thai Senator. As yet they
have done nothing beyond getting things
in ehape to open a temporary term of
court here, but their upixrarance has been i
bo long looiced lor. a* il wm be the de
cisions ot Judge .Noyes that will decide tne
ownership of nearly every claim and bit
of real estate in tne country, that their i
appearance in the community is now the j
one topic of conversation. :
Probably the first thing that the Judge •
will do will be to hear a petition request-
IBS the incorporation of a municipality
and to appoint an election ooara of tnree |
members. As every one m town is moie
or less of a politician, and as the control i
of political power means wealth for the i
men who nandle it. every "sour dough" in \
the place is excited over the outcome of ]
election and party leeiuur runs high. The i
che*chacus, or nt-wcoraers, tut but small '.
figure, as a 5ix months* resider.ee is ncces- i
E£ry to «iualify one to vote.
The appearance of Judge Noyes is her- '
aided as a blessing because it marks the \
end of incompt-u-ncy that has attended !
the Incumbency of the old commissioner?, j
Ehepard and ijwinehan. The coming of |
the District Court alsu means the end of
military supervision over civil affairs.
CJeneral Randall will henceforth exercise i
no authority except to keep peace and !
order in the place until such a time as a I
complete tryetca of municipal govern- !
roem fha'l have betn t-Mablished.
Incidentally I may say that this matter
cif keepirs the peace is no sinecure. The '
Ftatc^ have st-m Nome as choice a collec
tion of .criminals as ever graced a small i
?<ri(l growing community. Though it is
Ftill lipht enough h»-re v* read a paper at :
midnight, burglary is of daily occurrence.
and highway robbery is rampant. Some
icVa of the bol<liu ss attending the com
mission of these crimes may be had when
It is known that only the night before
last a man was beld up and robbed on
one of the principal thoroughfares of the
town, four gentlemen stated in the win
dow of a house n^-ar by being interested
spectators of the scene. This is only one
of several similar occurrences. Two young
m^n with a fine appreciation of the
fhar.cf? this place affords went into the
tent of a thrifty Swede. Thev beat him
on the head with the butt of a gxin. tied
him hand and foot a:id relieved him of
the care and responsibility of some $350.
All this in broad daylight, with people
walklns pact every few minutes and with
a hundred ncichbors sleeping within a
radius of a couple of hundred feet. A
peml^man living hi a lent was robbed of
a. J22.T sold xvai'h and chain. He bor- ,
rowed a watch ami chain from a friend j
and movfd to annher locality. Tfv first :
night afi'T his fii/rht he was robbed of '
• h«- watch belonging to his friend: the j
thieves taking a vest containing J50 as '
¦well. j
Smallpox. «rh!ch at one time threatened j
to be epidemic here, is now pretty well i
under control. St. Michael hns Instituted \
a. c,uarantine apainst Nome. This is caus- i
Ing- a good deal of crumbling, as there |
are hundreds of people here from Dawson j
p.r.d ether points along the Yukon who i
¦wish to return and are prevented from
BO doinp. I
The Treasury Department has selected j
Lieutenant D. H. Jarvis to represent it |
here as captain of the port. Lieutenant ]
Jarvis is tho officrr who carried The Call's
supplies to the wrecked whalers
at Polr.t Borrow a couple of years ago.
The problem of the care of the unem
ployed bere is already one of some mo
ir.ent, and unless attended to in time will
ne a matter of preat Fcriousness during
the winter— a matter which will probably
cause Nome's early history to become a
tale of sickness, violence and death.
From the other mining districts along
the coast reports are continually coming
in. They contain nothing of much mo
/rrs»nt. however. Nothing startling has
% v *t been discovered at Cape York. Port
w < Oolovin Bay or up the Koyuruk.
Topkuk. where the best strikes have thus
far been made. Is showing some gold and
a. few of the claim? are paying very well.
Af I sail before, though, none of them
have yet shown up rich enough to war
rant another stampede from the outside.
A San Franciscan feel? at home here
the minute he lands, so many old ac
quaintances greet him on ? -ery hand. All
are In good health and doing- well. Among
them axe:
John Farley. CharW Af«ifr, Earn Dann»n
fcaum. W. F. Erin. John Kelly, Thomas Hv
land, A^a Hamilton. Al Bloom, Moses and
.Abe Rosencranz. Phil Howell. John Lyons
Harry «Je Greayer. Johr Kfr.Rh, Har-y "Dab
oocje. SI. Seliic. Mark I^askpy. Tim Riordan
FYar.k Paunapn". John Oawford. John Adeln
dorfer. Joe Carroll. Jo<» I>>ar>-. Jimmy Carroll
Ji-hn Geary, Charlie Braslau. Ira f)rton. Harry
• Kohler. Jim Howell. C. P. Troy. W. McDonald
¦ N"pt.' berry. Ed Maller>-. Joe MCaul
.Tf» Marshall. Colonel Hell. Uudcy Baldwin'
Trr^i Carter, Billy <:henow»th. Frank F.Illsi
Julian Thome. Billy Blake. Jim Cameron. «"am
*rcn Burnf. Georee Gardiner. Jack Hlne*
.IkRin P. KeUr. Tom O«ary. Youn« Dutchy,
Wjatt Carp. Ed Holland. Don Dunbar. Char
lie Hprinsr* 1 !. «>x-Coron^r Dr. Ed E. Hill. Dr.
Matthew. Dr. E. K. Johnstone. Georre Walton,
Billy Wheaton. Arthur Pope. Pam Pond. Ver
ron Grry George Itatto. Nat Walker. Stewart
Ou-ter J«e Farrell. Dr. Gavijtan. Fred O*born.
ciiarl*^ n^ynolds. <"harle« Dexter. Robert B!el.
Thornaf Bradley. Arthur Kennedy, John Kn
v.\r Harry Eppine p r. Frank Ames. George
Trench. Dave and Walter Lane, Harry Clarke
*n<5 Max Hasp*.
Th»»s*> are a f>w of the San Francisco
r-ontintrer-t. They all fay th»y are doinj?
fo woll that they will have money to burn
when they pet back and they want the
people at home to meet them and ask for
what thev want-
Notwithstanding: thin hopeful way of
Fpr-akir*; that the 'Frisco crowd have, my
fldviee to others is to stay at home. The
A"ty is overdone and there is nothing here
l-'T newcomers save disappointment. IVait
r. ntil n^xt year. Then come If you so de-
Fire. But *v-jme with at least $1000 or a
year's supply of prub. < .)tnc with th^ In
tention of mtctms: plenty of hardship and
touph work. Com«>. not with the Inten
tion of pnwrinR Into business, but to
pro«r*e<-t new districts in search of the
Fdij with which tlio whole country is im
pr*united. Th*>n you will go back to
your home a rich nian — maybe.
£pe?ial C-^iref pendent of The Call
BY F". fk. HEALY.
Long List of San Franciscans at the
Diggings arxd All Declare That
They Are Doing
Well.
Officials of the New District
Court Assume Their
Offices.
GOVERNMENT BY
THE MILITARY
CEASES AT NOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 6, 1900.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Nine- Year-Old Brother of Fred Himes Is
Arrested and Elmer Martin May Be
Charged With Complicity .
ACCOMPLICE OF BOY
POISONER IS JAILED
3
Jjj Two suits==one price H
B^H That's the situation here now— many prices are cut in half— v|''£ : §§
fl'^'H y° u can s et two suits for tne P rice of one - Fm'X'M
M : -hjl&8< Some of the prices are only reduced one-third, but even so ijf£; g
Bi-'.-Vg they are values — values you cannot afford to miss if you intend p\\>: M
B^'B buying a suit of clothes. In fact, it would be wise to buy now, A' : ?: : |
flvii'B anyway — save the suit until you do need jr. Note the big reduc- |;{-; |
B^'B t * onS in 0Ur Ot^ er departments : " §'£i 1
ia ; '^' ; H r\ a Suits which sold one month ago '^v'-P
&'---H Or 9 er far £13.50 and $1^.00 are now fJO : 8
B^'-'B U^ S made in the same manner or " " tpiv/«v/U i-gji
B?^S Cheviots of good weight, formerly d>ff Qff &:•. \
B'^'^B $10.00. are now reduced to - - - %ptJ*^t3 i ••'!••- 1
BV^-n D H r Other Cheviots in- very desirable $ft'~.p
Bi-'-ffl K ea . a patterns, which were #12.^0, are d>/> ogj i;. : : 1
B^'"- : H ade now on sale for ------ pUtOO 1;^|
m£ : ffl Suits Fancy Cheviots and Black Clay ; r'<'M
W£'M Worsteds, worth $15.00, for they <RQ 2Il^\ «''•'& m
W^y^M once s0^ for that, price now - - CpO^^-O t S
H^'^ Middy years. We have sold them for six d>| E ff a
g'^P Suits months at $2 2%, but now they goal tpltT-O fvi'M
i^-1 M riaIs a ' nd Bows, all pure silk; i'v**!
ffl-'-^i tu 6^ +• latest creations in combinations of fa'-i'i
m^im Neckties. desirable colors in variety enough O^r^ "^"? H
H^'H to suit everybody o-v?- - - - ;*'•':§
Sivil Derby Derbys, Fedoras and Graecos— |fj \:;- 1
ra^ : -P c an / made from good felt in a good £7 •;: .' A
8>'"'i S°" manner; worth in exclusive hat QA ! :*-^a
!&?! Hats stores $2 00 ; our price - - - - {:;-;§
¦MR »• HbM ¦ " ' E " % *• **MThe report of these promotions will recall to the
people the benefits which have accrued to the army by
the reform that opened to the men in the ranks
avenues to advancement. "Under "the old system our
republican army was in its organization one of the
most aristocratic institutions in the world. A private
had as little chance of promotion to high command as
would a similar individual in the armies of Germany
or Russia. Under such circumstances there were few
inducements for men of ambition and intelligence to
enlist. Desertions were frequent, and the general
tone of the army was not* conducive to any real
earnestness or genuine American • sentiment among
the men in the ranks. Very different is the
condition now. . The young soldier sees before
him a means by which he may rise in the army as in
any other "department of American-life, and as a con
sequence recruiting officers are getting into the ranks
"men like those who, by their service and their ex
aminations, have just won their way to honorable
promotion and to a position from which they can
aspire to higher office. .
A RECENT dispatch from Washington an
nounced that the President has appointed
forty-eight enlisted men as second liewtenams
in the regular army and has assigned them to various
branches of service. It is added that all the pro
moted men have gallant records and in their examina
tions attained to high averages. It is, therefore,
reasonable to expect a bright career for each of
them, and possibly a demonstration that in our army
a man may rise from the ranks to the highest com
mand.
PROMOTED FROM THE RANKS.
Looking over the situation as presented this week
it must be admitted that the outlook is rather bullish
than bearish, and that those who believe that there
action from last year has about reached its end have
the best of the argument— for the present, at least.
Wall street continues dull. The approaching Presi
dential election, coupled with the Chinese disorder,
tends to imbue the speculative public with caution,
r.nd even dividend-paying bonds and stocks are quiet.
They are not offering very freely, however, being
closely held, and ft is due to this condition that "the
bears find it difficult to depress quotations. The
mor,?y market is featureless, supplies of funds being
ample for all current requirements.
The situation seems to be gradually changing all
around, and whereas buyers have been cautious ever
since the beginning cf the year, it is the sellers now
who are wary about letting go. It is the belief of
many that the shrinkage in values- is about over,
though, as previously remarked, time alone will de
termine whether they are right.
Agricultural products, too, are in much better con
dition. More activity in wool is reported, but quota
tions are a shade lower. The stagnation, however,
seems to be lifted. The hop market, weak and neg
lected for months, is strong. All beef products are
advancing under large demands for the army and
navy, and quotations for live stock are maintained at
their present profitable level. Provisions have lately
developed considerable strength, and quotations for
hams, bacon and lard are higher. Hides and leather,
however, continue depressedi with large stocks. The
cereal markets, taking the country as a whole, arc
weak, though here in California barley, oats and corn
are very firm, with advancing quotations and a good
demand. Wheat is weak and quiet everywhere. Dried
fruits are meeting with a brisk demand, particularly
:n California, owing to the discovery that the output
of all kinds, except apples, will be considerably less
than estimated earlier in the season. Dealers who
have hitherto he'd off for low prices for apricots are
now scurrying about the -country for supplies, but
choice stock is hard to obtain in some sections. The
shrinkage in the prune crop has caused an advanc
cf half a cent per pound in New York, with further
advances not unlikely, as the desirable sizes are re
ported 40 per cent short of last year.
BUSINESS APPARENTLY PICKING UP.
STEADIER indications in several lines of trade
lead some commercial observers to believe that
the bottom of the decline in prices has been
reached, and that with the end of the midsummer
season a reaction will set in. Time will tell. At pres
ent there are few signs of any marked reaction. True,
the decline in iron lias apparently stimulated the de
mand for certain kinds, and it is even said that the
call for iron and steel is as large as ever, though at
lower quotations than ruled last year. The inquiry
is chiefly for finished products and for rails for the
West, though foundry pig iron is reported in better
request. There is a heavy foreign demand for bitumin
ous coal, but in view of the upward tendency in prices
producers hesitate to make contracts for future de
livery. The copper situation also shows more
strength, the exports for July being 10,661 tons,
rgainst 7150 in July, 1899, while the amount coming 1
ir.to sight for home consumption during the last half
of the year is nearly 20,000 tons less than last year.
Thus it will be seen that hard goods are in rather
better shape than they have been.
To those who are indifferent to patriotism and to
business and who have no delights in festivals there 13
nothing to be said; but to all who have the elements
of a genial humanity in them and who sympathize
with American aspirations, as realized in California,
there is this to say: Come up with your coin, and
come up promptly.
to California.
Upon these points it is hardly worth while to dwell
at any length, for they will occur of themselves to
the minds of intelligent men. That which is offered
by the celebration is an opportunity to combine busi
ness and pleasure with patriotism; to advertise Cali
fornia; to quicken trade in San Francisco; to make a
grand holiday not only for ourselves but for thou
sands of visitors, and at the same time demonstrate
to the country at large how much California has
profited by the Union and how much the Union owes
Moreover, the. enterprise has aspects of business as
well as of patriotism. It will benefit the whole State
by advertising the rich variety of Californian resources,
and to San Francisco will bring the additional benefit
of a large influx of visitors, whose presence will stimu
late trade at the beginning of the fall season. The
executive council says: "We expect the celebration
will bring at least 100,000 people into the city, and
over half a million dollars will be left among the
merchants and citizens of the municipality." ¦ -
The committee has once more reminded the public
that, while the celebration has been undertaken by the
Native Sons, it is not. to. be regarded as an enterprise
p'ertaining exclusively to that society. It concerns
every resident of the commonwealth. The appeal
says': "This is a State celebration, commemorating
the admission of our State into the Union. This must
appeal not. only to men and women born in the State
but to those who have made it their home." That
fact should be borne in mind. The Native Sons are
contributing liberally and promptly themselves to
ward making the occasion one that will have a na
tional reputation for its magnificence, and therefore
have a right to expect a generous and patriotic sup
port from the people generally.
I ;BOM the "executive council of finance of the
I Native Sons there has been issued an appeal
for prompt contributions to the fund for the
celebration of Admission day. To the appeal a cor
dial response should be made. The date of the cele
bration is rapidly approaching, and as the programme
has been planned upon a scale of 'magnitude" arid
splendor never equaled on this coast, there is
no time to spare in making preparations. In fact,
time is about as important as money, so that the citi
zens who intend to contribute to the celebration
should make their contributions at once.
CONTRIBUTE PROMPTLY.
(83rc XB&iL'.
MONDAY AUGUST 6, 1900
JOHN P. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Mdrets Atl Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager. -
yi'BUCATIOS OFF1CB. .Mnrket »»d Till**, S. B".
Telephone I'roi 20 X. : > \:
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... 21T to 221 gterensom St.
Telephone Press -02.
: DcXlverea t>r Carrier*. 15 Cents Pe» Weelc
Simple) Copies. S Cents.
Terms by Mo.ll, Including; Vouintctft
DAXL.T CALL (including Sunder), coe year.. ............. .**¦"*
PA.XL.Y CaLX. (Including 8und*y), 6 momh«. ............... S-49
DAILY CAX.lt ilnclui'.nc Sunday), t months.. ¦¦¦¦ ~ 1.M
J-AILT CALL-Br Single Month - B4
BL-NDAT CALL. Oc« Ye*r ... LM
WSEKLI CALL On* Year !•<»
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
g«T*» cc&ies trill be forwaided, wbea requested.
*'«P subscriber* tn crdennx chang* of address should be- j
particular w p)»* both NEW AND OLD ADDRE8S tn order ;
to Insure * prciapt and correct compliance with their rec Jest.
PAKLATO OFFICE .....1118 Broadway,
C GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
CLorc Ulataac* Telephone "Central HH.")
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT*
C C. CARLTON Herald Square)
KEW TOKK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN a SMITH... • 30 Tribune Building)
CHICAGO XEW8 STANDS:
Kbennaa IXoese; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hot*l;>
TrmuuBi Ucvsti Auditorium Hotel. .',
NTSW TCKK NEWS 8TAND8:
Wtiaerf.AstorU Hotel; A. Brentano. n UnJoa Sqnare:1
Korrajr itIU Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE..... Wellington Hctel'
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRASCP OFFICES-K7 Montsumerr. corner of Clay, open"
until S:C9 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. CM
McAllister, open until J:30 o'clock. 615 I^arkln. open until
*J0 o'clock. 1441 Mission, open until 19 o'clock. 22S1 Market,
corner Sixteenth. ci»n until 9 o" clock. 1(»6 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 1C« Eleventh open until S o'clock. NTT cor-i
»er Twenty-sacond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
There is no reason apparent to the public why the
enforcement of the health laws in Chinatown should
be shirked by the municipal authorities. Those laws
are enforced in other districts. Property-owners in
other localities have to keep their premises clean and
in good repair. Among the owners of Chinatown
property are some of ihe richest men in the city. Why
are they permitted to ignore the law as if it were
not? Why should the police be set to work to direct
all their energies to ferreting out hidden gambling
dens when the violations of the sanitary laws are so
flagrant that the offenses can not only be seen but
smellcd on every street and alley of the district?
The arrest of a few miserable Chinese wretches is
not going to benefit San Francisco very much, and
it will not improve Chinatown at all. The police
might just as well be sent into the sewers with orders
to arrest microbes one by one. It will be an endless
job to catch fan tan gamblers in Chinatown as it is
now. Clean out a sewer and the microbes will die.
Clean out Chinatown, close up its dirty underground
passageways, put all of its buildings in the condition
that the sanitary regulations of the city require, and
the fan tan business will not be so nourishing.
The people of San Francisco desire to know of the
Board of Health and of Chief of Police Sullivan why
the sanitary ordinances of the city are not enforced
in Chinatown. The petty gamblers who run the fan
tan games are violators of the law and should be pun
ished; but they are not the only offenders in China
town, and, moreover, their offenses ..are. not very
serious menaces to the community. The offenses of
the rich property-owners in Chinatown are serious.
By permitting the violation of the sanitary laws of
the city in that district the municipal officials have
allowed the development there of a veritable cesspool
of corruption, moral as well as physical; and out of
that foulness there have come almost all forms of
evil. The recent quarantine and bubonic scare were
the direct results of the unsanitary condition of the
Chinatown buildings, and they are by no means the
only ill effects of permitting the property-owners to
maintain their premises in such condition.
WITH the change in the Chinatown squad it is
said there is to be a change in the police
methods of dealing with the Chinatown gam
blers. Lottery games and fan tan games are to be
raided. . That will be an ] excellent change, perhaps,
but it will not clean up Chinatown nor. suppress garn
bling there, nor close up the foul secret passages that
afford avenues for crime and vice and disease. It will
not even serve to whitewash the abomination.
STILL THE WRONG WAY.
When jrou travel? If you do. buy your ticket
via the Northern PaeincR'y and ride on the
"North Coast Limited." the most perfectly ap
pointed train in America. Solid restibuled and
lighted with Incandescent -electric lights, ob
servation car with a larse >pax!or for ladles,
tourist aleeplns car finished In mahogany and
upholstered In olive ereen leather." The only,
line selling tickets direct Into Yellowstone Park.
Tickets to all points north and east at tha low
est rates. • • T. K. ¦ STATELEIt, Gen. Agt.. OS
Market «t.. S. F.
Do You Enjoy Comfort
The Santa Fe will sell" tickets to Chicago
nr.d return on August 21 and 22 at the very
low rate of $72 50. good for aUty days. This
is a very low. rate and is open for all. They
will tell you all about It at 62S Market street.
ty-five tons weight, ¦ and steel ingots \ are
China has only three naval arsenals, of
which that at Kiangnan 13 the most im
portant.* It is located a few miles from
Shanghai on the Woosung River, and was
established^ thirty years ago. It is under
the charge of two British superintendents
and employs about 2500 men. turning out
all sorts of guns from small "quick-firers
up; to guns of 12-lnch caliber. The estab
lishment ; is ; supplied with the latest im
proved machine tools. • a 2000-ton forg
ing 3 press and other labor-saving appli
ances/. It can hadle castings -up to twen-
Three hundred ships in the several na
vies are lltted with water-tube boilers of
different types. England leads with nine
types, France six Germany and United
States four, Rutsia and Italy three." The
number of ships having the several kinds
are as follows: Belleville, 135: Yarrow, 33:
Niclause, 30; Thorneycroft. 25: Lagraffel
and^D'Allest, £0: Normand, 12; Durr. 9;
Bleychinden, 4; Babcock and Wilcox
(American), 3; Laird, 3; Guyot and Num
ford, 1 each.
Two armored cruisers for the French
navy arc to be laid down at once in the
dockyards. They arc named Jules Ferry
and Leon Gambetta and will take four
years . to build. Their dimensions arc 476
feet by "1 feet," displacing 12,400 tons; en
gines of 24,000-horsepower, and will cost
approximately $6,000,000 ready lor sea.
The Yakuno Japanese armored cruiser
Of 9350 tons, built in Germany. left" Kiel
June 24 for Ja^an and should bo due
there by this time.
The yacht originally intended for the
use of Queen Victoria is to have her basin
trial on August D and her trial at sea nine
days later.
NEWS OF THE NAVIES
H. B. Wood and wife are guests of tha
Palace. Mr. Wood is one of the big fruit
growers of Santa Clara County.
P. M. Johnson, a prominent business
man of San Diego, Is stopping at tha
Grand.
D. C. Reed. ex-Mayor of San Dieso,
accompanied by his daughter, Is at tho
Grand.
A. Duvall, a prominent wine grower of
the Livermore Valley, Is a guest of tha
Lick.
Dr. D. Smith, a leading Physician of
Livermore. is registered at the California.
Thomas L. Neal. a prominent lawyer of
San Diego. Is at the Lick.
Louis Breur.ner. a well-known merchant
of Sacramento, is at the Grand. 1}
j. J. McSorley, a mining man of Caia
veras. Is registered at the Grandi
J. H. Gardner, a wealthy rancher of Rio
Vista, Is a guest of the Grand.
J. C. Ruddick. one of Uklah's best known
attorneys, Is a guest of the Grand.
Professor James E. Keeler of the lick
Observatory is registered at the Palace.
M. S. Arndt, a business man of Stock
ton." is at the California.
Dr. Twitchell of Sacramento Is regis
tered at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
"Warships of all nations are hurrying to
China. Italy has six In Chinese, waters
or on the way,' carrying complements of
2054; Germany sixteen with 6266 officers
and men; France has thirteen ships, car
rying 4471 crews; Russia nineteen vessels,
carrying SSG1 men; Austria has four ships
with 1620 complements; United States
eight ships and 2060 men, and England has
thirty war vessels of all kinds, manned
with 10.126. The seven nations are
represented by ninety-six vessels, carry
ing 22.45S men, and the Japanese navy is
still tc be added to this grand congrega
tion of fighting ships.
made at the works for all guns up to 6
inch, above which the material is import
ed from England. The arsenal has for
many years turned out quantities of guns
for fortlflcations and ships. The Foo
chow Arsepal and that at Tientsin are
small affairs. Four others at Hankow,
Canton. Nanking and Chlngtu are chiefly
devoted to turning out rm; parapherna
lia of Indifferent value, and the Klangnan
establishment !s virtually the only one of
importance.
Governor Gage and Attorney General Ford are at:
war. Attorney General Ford should be. called. to task
for attacking the vagaries of a perfectly harmless
enemy.' .
William Waldorf. Astor,;the._ dispatches declare, '\\s
now a man in, search of a country. The gentleman's'
history oughtto suggest to him' that he buy one "of
his own. ,
More than 6,200,000 men, women and children are
demanding food in India. And this is in commentary
of England's boast that she can clothe the naked and
feed the hungry.
Sergeant Patrick Mahoney, who has been ' re
moved from the Chinatown detail, by Chief of Police
Sullivan, ought to be able to make some original ob
servations on the partition of, China.
. Local Democrats must be making the startling dis
coverythat their Phelan political, god has : feet of
clay. They are demanding the right of individual rep
resentation in the affairs of their party.
When Superintendent Hewitt -of the municipal
electrical system sold his unused telegraph poles V in
bulk he evidently was determined that no proverbial
"nigger" would be found in his woodpile.
Statesmanship in Kentucky is evidently located in
the muzzle of a gun. The interesting discovery has
been made that the office of the Secretary of State
was converted, during the Goebel troubles, into a
small arsenal. -
William F. Herfin has at last reached a stage
where he deserves the sympathy of the public. Con
scientious people must share with him the pain he
feels at seeing his friend and associate, Phil Crim
mins, grilled by indirection in the pool-selling inves-
Professor George Stratton of the University of
California has gone into executive session with him
self and has decided that the notion of a free higher
education is the birth of an unhealthy sentimentality.
Perhaps the_ professor has reached that ideal state
where he is willing to teach the higher learning for
the glory cf the thing.
itable. % ., ,
This touches the third and most direct
cause of the present outbreak. The
"breaking up" of China, its partition
among European nations, has been freeely
discussed throughout the civilized world,
not to the pleasure or the edification of
the Chinese. "Spheres of Influence" have
been freely laid out on paper by men who
do not know that the true meaning of
"sphere of Influence" is simply "center
of trouble." In commerce and manu
facture the Chinese will hold their own
in any competition. They learn to maks
what they want. They bring in skilled
workmen from the rest of the world as
teachers. They are apt pupils and soon
learn to avoid the outside shipment of raw
material. Even in British Hongkong, as
well as in Singapore and Manila, it is said
that all trade is falling into the hands of
Chinese merchants, who displace the for
eigners by greater attention to business.
Chinese workmen supply most Chinese de
mands more cheaply than any one else
can do It. China is weak, but Chinamen
arc strong, and the future of the tropical
Orient lies In their hands. Even in Si
beria the Chinese gain foothold faster
than Russian influence spreads in China.
China cannot be conquered nor divided nor
retained by outside powers if it is once
awakened and united. Some men foresee
the formation of two strong nations—Man
churia and China— Instead of the one now
as a nation headless and irresponsible.
Some concede Tartar Manchuria to Rus
sia, in which case Japan will take Korea,
which she does not want save as part of
the strategy of nations. This Japanese
gentlemen freely concede, but it is felt
Japan will have to do it, as they have
already taken the fractions and unprofit
able island of Formosa. The Japan Mail
thus sums up in striking fashion the poli
tical grievances of China: . .;/
"China has been undergoing a process
of vivisection. Her territories Jaave been
seized on ridiculously flimsy pretexts; her
ports have been rented— virtually by force;
concessions for building railways and
working mines have been wrested from
her whether she would or not. She has
been divided up into spheres of Influence
by "Western States as though she were
to quicken her steps. The movement In
: the Orient must come from within. Even
In progressive Japan, European influence
counts for little; European pressure for
next to nothing. The Japanese see some
thing they want— a bicycle, a lamp, a
brand of cigarettes or a social custom-
Em' forthwith they take it. Nobody can
force it on them.
The European nations forget sometimes
that jurisdiction and ownership are two
different things. Jurisdiction is costly and
unless It Is in full accord with the will
and the customs of the people over whom
It is exercised It is Ineffective and unprof-
First— The foreign powers must protect
their own legations and citizens against
official weakness and local fanaticism.
This they are doing shoulder to shoulder—
a fact of which the people of Japan seem
very proud.
Second— The foreism powers must not
make this an excuse for the partition of
China. Thl3 la a thing impossible, and
China once roused not all Europe could
furnish the men to conquer the country
or to hold it in check. No foreign power
can maintain an army In the Interior of
North China through a Chinese winter.
If China falls apart it will be through th»
diverging: Interests of north and south.
This is not likely to happen. Sooner or
later, it is believed, the moderate leaders
of the north will come to terms with thej
Viceroys of the south. _>; . :
Third— The European powers, as Ijora
Salisbury has distinctly pointed out. can
not guarantee the- interests of syndicates
dolng^ business under Chinese jurisdiction.
They can protect their citizens under ordi
nary conditions, but they cannot foster
foreign enterprises by a show of force.
Fourth— It Is for the general interest of
the world to hold China together, to
strengthen her Government so that It can
maintain order at home and dignity
abroad and to treat Chinese peopla
wherever they go Just as similar people*
of other nations should be treated. It doea
not, for example, help our own trade or
relations with China to subject her people
to statutes which apply to Immigrants or
travelers from no other nation. To apply
similar statutes to people of Japan would
be regarded as a national Insult, not to
be forgiven or forgotten, as It wtwld b*
If France or Germany or Italy -were, ex
pressly singled out by name. Th» a»t*
Japanese agitation In San Francisco Is fZ
garded with great surprise and greates
disfavor in Japan.
There is no desire in Japan for war wttH
Russia or any other nation. There is a
feeling that Japan will not again be made
a catspaw for any European combination.
If Russia seizes Manchuria Japan will feel
it her duty to take Korea, a weak. Irre
sponsible and badly governed neighbor.
Every one hopes that the flames of war
will be confined to the region where, they
have been kindled. The powers cannot
be too quick to act In defense of their of
ficial representatives. They cannot be too
careful as to giving fresh cause for fanat
ical outbreaks. -It Is well that the United
States should take an active part In tha
defense of her unoffending citizens at
tacked by an uncontrolled mob. It Is also
well to hold aloof from any European con
cert looking toward political action. For
our notions of treating nations and peo
ple differ somewhat from those current la
Europe. DAVID STARR JORDAN.
Care American Legation. Tokio.
July 9. 1D0O.
In other words, all that Europe can
ever get in China is mines and
roads. ,In general, railways or other en
terprises on a large scale cannot be made
to pay in China. The nature of the peo
ple is such that things have to move
slowly. A little at a time China demands
progress, but not at any breakneck pace,
and not all the Occident can force her
Chinese and they cannot be Ignored or
displaced."
jelly or a cheese. She has been compelled
to open her doors wide to foreigners of
all complexions, while foreign nations on
their sido close their own in the faca
of her people for reasons as Insulting as
the fact 13 Irksome. We have watched
her suffering all this tamely and timidly
and we have flaunted her for cowardice
and ridiculed her for helplessness."
I may sura up public opinion as It
reaches me In these propositions:
'There will bo no partition of China ex
cept as regards the coast ports. No for
eign nation could afford to conquer or to
administer any Chinese province. There
would be great loss and no possible profit.
All the land above ground belongs to the
More potent toward Immediate trouble
has been the invasion of railway and min
ing engineers, who wander about the
country, often recKless of 'native customs
or prejudices, asking nobody's leave and
heeding nobody's objections. The Chinese
do not want railroads. Still loss will they
consent to have them run through their
grandfathers' graves, and almost every
foot of land Is somebody's graveyard.
They do not like mines, least of all those
conducted by foreign devils In sacred
hills, and they are incensed when samples
of ore are knocked off from their tombs
or their temples. Everywhere are found
agents of syndicates eager to secure con
cessions, often doing nothing with them
save to hold them for future speculation.
This view of the matter may be an un
just ono, and many of these men I know
to be doing honest work In the Interests
of the Chinese people. Still, public opin
ion awards them a large share In the
disturbance of Chinese good feeling. It is,
of course, only through mines and rail
roads that the foreign element can make
money out of China, and these represent
the sole returns which any sort of Eu
ropean jurisdiction could give. Father
Pius Trovarelli, a very intelligent Italian
missionary, says:
The lirst source of trouble, and perhaps
the least. Is found in the work of Chris
tian missionaries. Wisely or unwisely,
some of these put themselves In direct op
position to time-honored but doubtless
very objectionable Chinese customs. To
overthrow theje Is in the minds of the
country folk to destroy the worship of
ancestors, to sap the foundations of Chi
nese morality and in general to wreck
both church and state. The national feel
ing Is weak In China, but the feeling for
ancient customs, the feeling which we call
conscience, bigotry or fanaticism, accord
ing to the way It affects us, is exceedingly
strong. In the south of China the people
prow rich through trade or service with
foreign devils and they have learned the
tolerance which commerce always brings.
In the north bigotry has freor sway. In
view of this a prominent American in
Peking said last winter that "anything
might happen In China and it might come
at any time.'" The time seems to be now.
The causes of the trouble lie, however,
deeper than this. The present outbreak
Is the expression of a dissatisfaction
which has been growing a long time In
the North of China, which -as relations
with the outside world very different from
the trading and wandering people of the
southern ports.
It is alleged that these bands could have
been dispersed at the will of the adminis
tration, but that they have now passed
beyond such control, for the movement
has now behind it a growing feeling of
nationality as well as the intensity of re
ligious prejudice.
It is alleged that the present adminis
tration has entered into an intrigue with
these big knives and has secretly en
couraged them In attacks on Catholic
and other missionaries, on wandering
mining and railway engineers, and on
foreigners in general, Japanese and Amer
icans, as well as German, English and
French. The motto of the Boxers la
said to be "Mleh Yan," "destroy Occi
dentals," and "Pau tschu," "protect
dynasty." The word corrupted as
"Boxer" (tautze, apparently), means
much the same as gladiator, the bearer of
a gladlus or sword. These gladiators are
the leaders of the bands, but the rank and
file of the Boxers are described as being
filled with "village bullies" or rural ma
rauders, a characteristic feature of
Chinese life.
The immediate cause of trouble is the
outbreak of the society called "Boxers."
This is a secret organization, called Ta
Tautze Hul, "the Big Knife Society," its
original purpose being the subversion of
the present Tartar dynasty and the sub
stitution of a native Emperor.
But there are many people in Japan,
Japanese, American and English, who
know something of the conditions in
China, although no one pretends to under
stand the intricacies of Chinese official
Intrigue. I try In this letter to give a
sort of composite of the views of these
people, reserving the right to form opin
ions of my ov,-n later. I have no right
to any yet.
Raku-Raku Inn.
HIkone, Lake Biwa,
Et<™,~~ SHIGU, Japan,
DITOR of The Call: In accordance
: . with your kind suggestion, I send
a word in regard to the Chinese
problem as it looks from the stand
point of Japan. I do not try to
give news., for that reaches California as
soon as it does Japan, and Chinese news
mostly reaches Japan before the event
takes place in China. I can now appre
ciate better the needs of a news censor.
Every sort of idle rumor current on the
streets of .Chefu or Shanghai is tele
graphed to Japan and half of it Is con
tradicted the next day. While not a word
can be heard from Peking, long official
edicts, the views of Chinese Viceroys and
the thoughts of the Emperor, If there is
any Emperor, or the terrible Dowager,
if there isn't, are freely sent over the
wires, proving only the ingenuity of the
politicians or journalists who Invent
them.
PRESIDENT OF STANFORD UNIVERSITY SUMS UP SENTIMENT IN THE LAND OF THE
MIKADO CONCERNING OCCIDENTAL AGGRESSION IN THE ORIENT.
• It seems clear- that if Eastern men would unite and
stand together on the issue they would win and the
masculine shirt waist would be a proper garb for all
summer purposes and would go in society as well as
in business, in court and at camp meeting. Unfortu
nately, however, there are divisions among them.
Some men declare that no man should wear the re
form garment unless "he has a proper figure, and of
course that would bar out a good many. Thus a New
York clubman declares with the positiveness of one
who speaks with authority: ' "Men who train big on
beer and beef are weighted down by rich deposits of
fat in the, subcutaneous tissue, in the peritoneal folds
and in the great bmentum, and by the abnormal size
of the parenchymatous organs of the abdomen. They
have no hips to speak of, therefore must of necessity
wear suspenders to hold up "their trousers. Such
creatures bring discredit upon the rest of mankind
when they appear in public in their shirtsleeves,
coatless and vestless. They are an offense to gentle
sensibilities, notwithstanding some exhibit Ho
garthian lines of beauty. A proper man as to shape
might successfully do away with the coat and vest in
summer, but his shirt must not open behind, and he
must have no acquaintance of suspenders."
There is a belief among the more sanguine men that
the ladies will eventually relent. Thus the Atlanta
Constitution says: "Surely the women of Atlanta
would not object to a revolution which contains so
much of sense, and the success of which would con
tribute so much to the comfort of the men who have
to serve" the public. Common sense in dress is so
rare an article that it is hard to find it, but when the
ladies themselves ¦. have won the fight, for the shirt
waist they should permit their brothers' to enjoy the
victory with them." .
The church has been not less tolerant than the
courts. It is reported that at a camp meeting in
Pennsylvania the men in the congregation attended
services without coats or vests, and several of the
preachers preached in their shirtsleeves. With so
much in the way of sanction from business, law and
religion, one would suppose the Eastern man would
go his way and wear a shirt waist, but it seems the
ladies object. From north to south they deny the
right of' a man to wear a shirt waist at any social
function, and thus far they have had their way.
In Cincinnati there has been something in the way
of a judicial decision on the subject, for a Judge of
a Court of Common Pleas in that city is reported to
have said on opening court one warm day: "Gentle
men of the jury, no one believes in maintaining the
dignity of the court more than I do, but in this
weather I think some liberties should be permitted.
Those of you who wish may take your coats off.
And," continued the humane Judge, "for fear there
may be any hesitation, I'll take off my own coat."
The New York Press declares that the shirt waist
movement has been fairly well started in that city.
It says: "Wall street men do not bother about put
ting on a coat or vest when attending to business be
tween io and 3. They go about everywhere in belts
and negligee shirts. In the wholesale dry goods dis
tricts and among the dealers in sporting goods along
Broadway above Duane street men go for a shave, a
drink or a lunch in shirtsleeves and belts."
To the men of San Francisco, rejoicing in the ocean
breezes and wearing overcoats along with their duck
vests and straw hats, these questions may appear but
emanations of the idle chatter of the silly season, but
in'the East they are given serious consideration. In
fact, if we may judge from our exchanges, they con
stitute the hottest topics of talk just now, and there
are signs and symptoms that those who object to
shirt waists for men may yet have to shed their
coats in order to fight for them.
pz; ROM out the sweltering cities and torrid sum-
I mer resorts of the East there has come some
thing like a wail for relief from the burden of
masculine garments/ Seeing the girls serenely cool
and comfortable in shirt waists, men have begun to
ask themselves why they may not dispense with coat
and vest during the summer season and wear shirt
waists like the girls. Why should Mme. Grundy per-'
mit to woman what she denies to man? Why shouid
man submit to her decree? May not a gentleman be
a v gentleman in shirtsleeves, provided the shirt
doesn't button up the back? '
LONGING FOR SHIRT WAISTS.
Spheres of Influence,
DAVID STARR JORDAN WRITES FROM JAPAN.
Are Centers of Trouble
in the army will increase the dissatisfaction with the
persistent denial of equal rights to young Americans
who enlist in the navy. What has served so well in
one corps, will serve equally well in another, and the
reform, which has been justified in -the army by its
works, ought . now. to be applied to the navy. No
good reason can be given why the avenues of pro
motion should not be as open to. an enlisted man
under the United States flag on sea as to one under
the flag on land.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO r CALL, MONDAY, ATJGITST 6, 1900.
An Oakland girl who recently appeared in/court
is said to have disguised every evidence of her iden
tity except her beauty. And now everybody is won
dering who she was.
The Chinese in this city have concluded a celebra
tion which might well be. emulated by the people of
other races. They performed the ceremony, of. feed
ing their poor.
When fiery Democratic orators begin to refer to
"stovepipe dictators" and "plug hat jczars" the pub
lic has a chance to learn how dearly his Honor the
Mayor is loved by f those that know him best!
A local hotel clerk has opened a vista of wonderful
possibilities in the way of business. He keeps a
sharp lookout for the health conditions of his guests
in order that he may negotiate with undertakers for
the disposition, of. his . pattens' corpses..
The very satisfaction with which the public will re
gard^these proofs of the excellence of the new system
4
DAVID STABB JdRDAN.
••Marshall" Fountain Pens for $1. 'l^Ta-
terman" Ideal Fountain Pens from SCT»)to
$7 each. Largest assortment In the city.
Commercial stationery and office supplies
at reasonable prices. Printing and en-
jrravlng done at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'*, T41
Market street. -fmagBBBes *
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •, ¦•'
C*L dace trutt Sue per n> at Towssend's.*
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opcra-hocse— "The aiiddlenian."
California— "The Night of the *>}urth."
TlvoH— "Othello."
Alcazar — "The Country Girl."
Ool umbia— "Heartsease."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olycipia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo ajid Tbe&ter — Vaudeville every afternoon and
erenlne.
Fischer* b— Vaudeville.
Butro Baths— Open nights.George T.'hler. national president of the
Marine Engineors" Benevolent Association,
will visit San Francisco, arriving here to
morrow at 11:*5 a. m. Ills coming Is ex
citing much interest among marine
engineers here and the local body, the
Marine Engineers' Benevolent Associa
tion No. 35. is making elaborate prepar
ations for his reception.
Committee of the Benevolsnt Asso
ciation Will Go to Port Costa
in the Morning to
Meet Earn.
Marine Engineers Prepar
ing to Honor President
George Uhler.
COMING TO SAN
FRANCISCO ON
OFFICIAL VISIT
'. * - -
THE SAN KKAJS CISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 6, 1900.
SECRETARY M'COY IS
HONORED BY FRIENDS
The Nineteenth Anniversary of His
Connection With Association
" Work in This City.
The nineteenth anniversary of Secretary
H. J. McCoy's connection with the Young
Men's Christian Association was cele
brated yesterday with appropriate ser
vices in the Association Hall. The speak
ers were Matthew C. ' O'Brien, Frank A.
Jackson and C. A. Glunz.
Mr. ' McCoy came to San Francisco in
1881 at the request of the late Dwight
L. Moody. Prior to that he served nine
years as general secretary at Lowell,
Mass.
In a brief speech Mr. McCoy thanked
the members and friends for their sup
port and co-operation and the citizens of
San Francisco for their liberal support
and of their uniform kindness to him gen
erally. -. : . , .
Fifty-yard dash— J. Sanders, first; J. O'Brien
second. One hundred yards, amateur— f!
Walse, first; S. Kline, second. Dlvlnjc for
plates — J. O'Brien, first prize; J. Ramsay sec
ond prize; J. Dixon, third prire. High diving—
J. Gardner, first prize; J. Landers, second
prize. Fancy springboard diving— J. Dixon.
first prize; C. I>uke. second prize. Underwater
swimming— S. Gruman, first; J. Dixon, second.
Police Report No Sunday Accidents.
Tun at the Chutes and the
Baths.
Though large crowds visited the Park,
beach, Chutes and baths yesterday, in the
language of the police "the day was a
quiet one." No accidents occurred nor
were any arrests for crime recorded
The feature at the Chutes was the high
diving of Forrest Seabury. Seaburv
plunged into a narrow tank from a sta
tion 100 feet above and received an ova
tion from the crowd for his courage
Following are the results of the contests
at Sutro Baths:
CROWDS PASS QUIET DAY
AT THE PARK AND BEACH
Lively Dancing at the Annual Picnic
of the Itebel Cork Benevo
lent Society.
Fully five thousand friends and mem
bers of the Rebel Cork Benevolent Asso
ciation attended the annual p!cnic of that
organization held yesterday at Shell
Mound Park. The day was an ideaj one
for an outing and was pleasantly spent
by the picnickers. The dancing pavilion
was crowded with moving couples
throughout the afternoon. Excellent mu
sic was rendered by the Iroquols Band
The games were hotly contested and cre
ated a great deal of enthusiasm among
the spectators. Money prizes proved
tempting to the athletic ones and each
event was crowded with entries. It was
late in the afternoon when the last oon
tcst was decided and the committee mem
bers withdrew to rest and refresh them
selves.
Professors McCarthy and McManus
played reels. Jigs and other tripping mu
sic on their pipes. It mattered not to the
clog dancers that the platform sagged in
the middle. Encouraged by the cries of
interested friends, they threw themselves
and capered around in gallant fashion.
Pasmalas, pigeon wings, reels o* Tuloch
and other fascinating steps were indulged
in by those who paid the pipers The
success of the outing was due to the ef
forts of the general committee, made uu
as follows:
Chairman. William J. O'Brien: financial
secretary. T. Fitzgerald; secretary. Dan
iel Holland: treasurer, James Corkerv
M. Mahoney, D. Deley, D. Leonard T*
Taylor, P. Kelleher, J. Sullivan. D Mur
ry. D. Minlhan. J. W. Mahoney. James
Corkery. Con McCarthy. John Minlhan.
?• fr£ rfc ?, ry> Wllllam McCarthy, John Mc-
Auliff, Pat O'Brien, C. Cronin, J. Hag
eerty and P. Roach. b
REELED AND JIGGED
WHILE PIPERS PLAYED
sae&morc. F. D. Brandon: great Junior saga
more, A. L. Holder; great prophet, Geprge W,
Collins; great chief of records. Porter L. Bliss;
great keeper of wampum, William J. Smith;
*rreat representatives to G. C. U. S.— George W.
Lovie, Charles F. Burgman, George W. Col
lins, William J. Smith; great sannap. J. W.
Crone; great mishinewa. F. B. Swan; great
Buard of wigwam. C. M. Brown; great guard of
forest. S. L.. Richards. • -
Past great sachems— D. Louderback. Benja
min F. Josselyn. Grove L.. Johnson. G. B.
Katreastein, Henry A. Chase. J. A. Fllcher,
Charles E. Spencer, William M. Betts. A. An
drev.«, H. S. Winn. B. L. McDonald. James G.
Bmith, John J. Buckley. George H. Buck. J.
P Counts. Frederick Brandt. George W. Lovie.
S.' Gumbinner. O. F. Seavey. A. Jackson. JosUh
Sims. F. A. Whipple, C. F. Kurgman, William
J. Smith and George W. Collins.
Great trustees— William Rotroaky. Henry A.
Chase, Benjamin F. Josselyn.
REPRESENTATIVES.
Manzanita Tribe No. 4— James Boyes, Xathan
Rogers. J. B. Griffith, Henry Leasen and F.
'Mlantonomab Tribe No. *-Oscar Cutler.
Charles L.. Ludwlg. William Rotrosky and W.
S. Jamiegon. ' -»-...,
Pohonachee Tribe No. 10— A. Jones. William
N'utt&U, M. L. Wheeler. F. Pedcrson, XV. T.
Follett. J. Harman and F. Luderman.
Pocohontas Tribe Xo. 11— A. Andrews. T. W.
Butcher, Edward Conolley, J. Samuels and
Samuel Stephens. ,-'-'i'«"
Sotoyome Tribe No. 12-Charles Fowler, S.
H. Wileox. J. H. Josselyn. J. W. Larsen. J. J.
Kingston. W. M. Tregay and M. F. Clausen.
Consumnes Tribe No. 14— Andrew Sonne. D.
J Mannix. C. W. Smlthers, J. W. Crone and
E. B. Wilson. ¦
Samosst Tribe No. 22— J. G. Smith. O. L.
Cooper J. F. Eprague. W. K. Gedge and E. R.
M. Derrick. _i_ , ,
Metamora Tribe No. 24— George W. Lovie.
George West. W. C. Ha vey. Edwin Thompson,
and H. W. Jamleson.
Red Jacket Tribe No. 28.— W. B. de Costa.
John DominR-oe. A. Dunbar, N. Hoffelt, F. C.
Hunt. W. G. Schmelser and H. W. Lee.
Oneida Tribe No. 31— G. K. Wood, John
Nlcholls and E. D. Peters.
Weimer Tribe No. 24— John R. Tyrrell, Joseph
Berrnallack. George Perkins. Thomas H. Brock,
lnpton and Richanl Mitchell. .
Iroquols TrH>e No. 35— Henry Rohrbacher, F.
A. Huhl, John Tors, Thomas Green, Thomas
Le Breton. E. J. Bru and F. T. Jury.
Red Cloud Tribe No. 41— F. A. lleiss, F. G.
Rennle. W. Latng and Thomas J. Eames.
Delaware Tribe No. 4S— J. G. Boggs, Louis
Amen and J. J. Miller.
Wyoming Tribe No. 49— Josiah 61ms. George
M. Hughes. Henry Odgern and A. D. Mason.
Ieka, Tribe No. S3— A. E. Paine and E. E.
Smith.
Seralnole Tribe No. 64 — J. Aries, I\ Belle
(tarde. L. C. Bertin, J. Coudtu, J. Garcia, T.
Lacorte and A. Laslare.
Miami Tribe No. 55— O. F. Seavey. George W.
Armstrong. William B. Lardner and Herman
Fruchtenlcht.
Otonkah Tribe No. 65— George D. Secord, M.
II Davis and Thomas Oliver.
Modoc Tribe No. r>7— U. A. Lewln, H. Gut-
Ftadt, P. L.. Hoff, J. D. Holland, R. Stevens,
E- H. Culver and P. G. Varney.
Santana Tribe No. 60-F. A. Whipple, J. J.
O'Connor, J. F. Whipple. Albert Shafsky and
Georre Holt.
Wlnnemueca Tribe No. 61.— L. L. Remy. H.
L. Stacy. Alexander Dawson, J. Souller, James
Hairan and R P. Gale.
Tecumseh Tribe No. 62— Clarence A, Kalghln,
J. W. Allard. Frank Loplzlch and E. F. Ar-
Pawnee Tribe No. 67— John Rew, Ed GrifHth,
F. J. Demi* and John Martin.
Oeeeol* Tribe No. 71— P. S. Seymour. Sam
Goldman. I. Schwartz. J. S. Colby. A. J. Phil
lips R H. ChlWiers and T. J. Braumhauer.
White Eagle Tribe No. 72— A. Hauxman. C.
Nielsen. J. H. Rlppe. C. W. Abbott and L.. J.
Fortro.
Bald Eajrle Tribe No. 75— W. W. Tanner. M.
J Marulre, C. W. Brown. J. P. Magulre,
Thoma* Roche, F. W. Kewell and E. T. John
eon.
Arapahot Tribe Ko. 78— Jacob Towiv, J. W.
Deliberative Body of Degree of Poca
hontas Will Also Meet Repre
sentatives Who Will
Attend Session.
The Great Council of California Im
proved Order of Red Men, will kindle its
council fire to-morrow in Red Men's build-
Ing on Post street. During the last gTeat
sun the order has grown throughout the
State. Seven new tribes and a thousand
palefaces have been added to the roll.
F. D. Brandon, at present great senior
sagamore, will become great sachem. For
the office of great senior sagamore A. F.
Holder and James Boyes will be candi
dates. Porter L. Bliss will probably be re
elected great chief of records, and William
J. Smith will be re-elected great keeper
of wampum.
The Grtat Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas will also kindle Its tire to
morrow. The growth of this branch has
also been very steady. Four councils and
over two hundred members have been
added.
To-morrow evening teams from Sot
oyeme Tribe No. 12, Modoc Tribe Xo. 57.
Pawnee Tribe Xo. 67, "White Eagle Tribe
No. 12, Bald Eagle Tribe No. 75, Monte
zuma Tribe No. 17. and Altahmos Tribe
No. 87, will compete before the"- Great
Council for a trophy of $100. All the teams
are drilling- hard and each hopes to win.
On the evening of the 8th inst. the Great
Council will be tendered a reception and
ball in Mechanics' Pavilion, to which at
tendance will be limited by invitation. Fol
lowing is a. list of the great chiefs and
representatives who will attend the Great
Council:
GREAT CHIEFS.
Great sachem. E. B. Wilson: great senior
Council Fire of Improved
Order Will Burn
To-Morrow.
GREAT CHIEFS
OFTHE RED MEN
TO MEET HERE
CVNeil, G. Bossert, L.. Whlteman and L. Gran
well.
Montezuma Tribe No. 77— Geor&e S. Graham,
C. It. Bodle. II. D. Hutt. J. G. Jeffress, J. A.
Ellert and B. F. Ledford.
Oshcnee Tribe Xo. 7S— Samuel Berel, G. A.
Trautner. G. Mosbacher, Meyer Bloom. W. P.
Servant and TV. C. Greaves.
Oomanche Tribe No. 79— John O. Pkelley.
¦William J. Keatlns. Philip Barbin and William
B. Zimmerman.
Cocopah Tribe No. SI— Peter Hannen. W. W.
Wood. William Kelley and John Sehrelber.
Ehawnee Tribe No. *6^EHas R. Snarely,
Jense B. Baker. Frank Dietz and Jason Wat
klns.
Ah-Wah-Xee Tribe Xo. . 86 — F. Mason, F.
Orra, J. w. Thompson and L. W. Blake
Altahmos Tribe No. S7— T. J. Glynn, W. F.
Lyon, A. A. Smith. A. L. Holder. J. H. Hutaff
T. D. Thornton and V. F. Northrop.
Mono Tribe Xo. SS— J. J. O'Hare. C. S. Davis.
C. Marlett and W. H. Sanrent.
Ahw&shte Tribe No. S'>-Peter Kcppen, James
McDonald, T. H. Wapstaff, Henry Gleeson.
James O'Connor. William J. Reid and George
D. Keely.
1 Fohono Tribe Xo. 93 — J. A. Merz, T. J. Wort
man. F. W. Matteson and C. M. Small.
Winnebago Tribe No. S4— H. J. Winters. W.
H. Collins. Henry McGinness and Clarance C.
Crouch.
Tuolumne Tribe Xo. 96— William G. Herman.
I. X. Laughlln, J. P. Xolan, E. L.. Martin and
I J. Gallagher.
Mayaramas Tribe No. 97— M. R. Gamer.
Carquinez Tribe No. 9S— J. C. Anderson, Theo
dore Moiles. C. L. Hedemark. A. W. Jones
and Wythe Walker.
Mohawk Tribe No. 99— T. W. Foster, F. P.
Mitchell, H. Salomon and T. T. Purkltt.
Monadnock Tribe No. 100— J. A. Born, F. L.
Griffiths and Joseph Robinson.
Cherokee Tribe Xo. 101 — George N. Farrin and
Paolo Salisbury.
CoahuIHa Tribe No. 102— Edward L. Howard
and J. J. Hanford.
Vosemlte Tribe No. 103— A. Lastreto. Georre
H. Stein and A. C. Berthier.
Seneca Tribe Xo. IN — Joseph I*. Valente and
James A. Devote.
Manhattan Tribe No. 10»-Wllliam F. Foss H.
0. Byerly and Charles Kimic.
Hiawatha Tribe Xo. tr6— E. \V. Danieli.
HAS MAPPED OUT PLANS
TO ENJOY GORGEOUS FUN
LCATHAZ Parlor No. 145. Native
/ZA\ Sons of the Golden West, has decid-
II ed to take a prominent part in the
Admission day celebration. It will
establish headquarters in. Union Square
Hall, which it has secured for four days.
The following programme has been agreed
upon: Saturday afternoon, September 8,
opening of headquparters and reception:
evening;, ball and conferring of the curly
bear degree; Sunday, September 9, after
noon, sacred concert: evening, concert and
collation; Monday. September 10. daytime,
parade, dancing at headquarters from 2
to 5 o'clock; evening, banquet to mem
bers and their families; Tuesday, Septem-
ber 11, reception to Xative Daughters; I
evening, grand ball. The members
of the parlor will parade one hundrt-d
strong in navy blue uniforms and light
hats and will be preceded by a band of
twenty pieces. The parlor will be aided
by Oakland Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters and will have a float characteristic
of the pioneer days of California.
Alcatraz Parlor was organized through
the efforts of Brigadier General Smith,
who left here as colonel of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers. General Smith, though
still in the far away Philippines, retains
an interest in the parlor and in a recent
letter requested thaL, he be advised as to
what Alcatraz woula do for the Admission
day celebration.
MEMBERS OF NINETEEN HUNDRED COMMITTEE.
The proper and appropriate framing of
pictures has within a few years become
an art In itself. Only recently the styles
of framing materials have been made in
such harmonious effects as to suit all
tones and colors of pictures. The very
latest tnoulcir.ps, all styles and widths,
also tinted end colored mat boards at
Baaborn & Vail's, "41 Market street. •
An Art in Itself.
Emfl R'chtcr, 325 Erannan street, was
f.shlns yesterday afternoon on the wharf
at Second and King- streets, when one of
the freipht boats camp alongside. He pull
ed up his line, but before he got it clear
his right hand was crushed against the
wharf by the boat. Rlchter was taken to
the Receiving- Hospital in the ambulance.
The hand may have to be amputated.
His Hand Crushed.
Presides. Uhler'ts visit at this time Is
larpely a matter of form. The reception
committee appointed from the local asso
ciation is as follows: Edward Murphy,
John Seevy. Edwin Tucker, Henry J.
Walters. Edward Brady and Frank
Bragrg. The programme will includa a
smoker to-morrow evening: at the associa
tion rooms and a banquet Saturdav even-
Ing. The Beard of Harbor Commissioners
will place a tug at the disposal of the
engineers for a trip around the bay.
The reception couimitt*^ will meet Pres
ident Uhler at Port Costa and will escort
him to the California Hotel, where he will
stay during his visit to San Francisco
5
ADV__-TISE_C_UTS
cf San Francisco. Trustee.
Datefl August 2. 15C0.
9th DAY OF AUGUST, 1900,
at which time proposals will be opened. Xo bid
will be considered exceeding 30 per cent above
tt« lace value of bonds. Proposals to be
lr.dor»ed "Proposals for the Surrender of First
Mortgage Bonds Oceanic Steamship Company."
UNION TRUST COMPANY
12 M. ON THURSDAY,
OF
SAN FRANCISCO,
For the r-rresfier of eaid bonds, until
EC THE
CITY AND COUNTY
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Are hereby notified that there is now In the
hands of the undersigned trustee, under the
mortgage or <Je<>d of tru»t by which the pay-
irent cf paid bonds i? secured, the sum of one
hundred thousand dollars in irold. which under
the terms of eaid morte-«e Is applicable to the
redemption or purchase of eaid bond*, and that
the undersigned will receive sealed bids at its
office, situated, at
2 MONTGOMERY STREET,
Holfiers of bcn_. cf the
Redemption 5 Bonds
NOTICE
Telephone Polk 1135.
DR. F*. I_. WALSH,
IV.% GEARY STREET, between Hyde and
Otm REMOVABLE BHIDGB WORK IS
beautiful and durable. Warranted 10 years.
Our J.'. Plates fit like a siove.
Our method for paln!-s« extracting Is patented
end used fcy no ether dentist on the P&ciSc
Coart.
PfflCC LfST FOPt 3O DAVSt
Pairless Extrarijon 2J»c
RfmovaWe liridgev. orlc $3.<W»
Arraicarn ....fiOc
Sire. Dr. R. L. Wal-h will ettend to the ch!l-
<".rf-:.'« teeth— painlessly.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
llfBENBAUM
>' 222-224 SUTTER STREET
OF INTEREST TO LADIES.
We have engaged the services of
a celebrated Parisian Chef for our
Delicacy Department, where ladies
will find the latest novelties. in the
culinary art. Additional clerks in
that ever-growing department with .
us, ': insures to our patrons prompt
and best service.
SPECIALREDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Butter, finest creamery, sqr 40c
Regular 45c.
Ciieese, Eastern Creamery 1, 1 5c
New Tork State. Regularly 25c lb.
"Crown " Port and Sherry bajL25c
6 bots. SRl.fM)
Same old reliable wines as you bought
before. Refularly 50c bot.
"Puritas" Ginger Ale, reg. $1.35
Now $1.25 dOZ
"Poritas" Root Beer, reg. $1.20
Now $1.10 doz
"Purltas" are the finest goods on the
market to-day. Save the bottles; wo
allow 15c cer doz.
Olives, Mamm.th, reg. COs qt 45c
Extra larse; finest quality. '
R'ce, Fanciest of Island (Tee, 8 lbs 50c
Regularly 6»i Ibi?.. 50c.
Perfumer/; H^ d 6^. or8 - bot 50c
Crown Perfumery Co., London; l'i oz.
cut-gla;s bottles.
Lucca Oil, L, L. &Co/s tot 50c
¦ Imported Italian. Regularly 55c.
Tin 'Wach Rn5 Pr? Extra heavy
Illl Udall UU. CIO. , ;O pper bottom-
Length. Depth. "Width.
20-ln. 13-in. lf.-ln. Reg. SI 50.. 81.1:5
21-ln. 134 ll'._ Reg. $175.. $1.35
C'othss Lice, 100 feat, reg. 5Gc 35c
Water-proof; will not shrink nor kink.
Salt Boxes, reg. 50c - 25c
Porcelain, with Delft decoration.
Sweepers,: "Standard" ' $2.00
Bisscl's- make; the best in the world.
Regularly 12 50.
Gin, Holland, reg. 90g— b.t7!c
Genuine Imported.
Utica Toilet Compound 25c
In rowder or paste, for cleansing? »nd
beautlfyinR the -skin, for bath or sham-
poo. A sure, cure for poison oak. Old
price tOc.
Utica Cleansing Compound -
tin 20c, 3 tins 50c
In Dowder or paste. Guaranteed to
clean any article without Injury, silks,
woolens, curtains, metal, sliver or crys-
tal ware. Xo more sore and cracked
hands while using Utica. Reg. 25c tin.
Candy, French Mixed Ib 30c
Our finest. Recularly 3Sc.
CIGARS.
"La Muriel" 10c
Imported Havana, regular bit size.
August catalogue now ready.
No More Dre:«d of the Dental Cbair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific method applied to the jums. .\o
sleep-produdnR - agent~ or. cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco havlnfr PATENTED APPLIANCES
and ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectuble from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten yeais,
WITHOUT THK LEAST PAIN. Full set ot
teeth $S; a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. 15. Gold fillings. Jl. Silver fill-
InKS. rOc. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 10 years* experience, and
each department In charge of a speclalldt. Giro
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. \\> will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREI2
EXAMINATION.
-MCm P^m '«^n" C __?^*_T*" I^_t^?i
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN. OFFICE; PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
ftronff Aiarrticns as to Jn-t What
the Remedies .Will Do,
_Laj^swV»_ Munyon s-arantce«
i f P*J hl» RheumttUm
_£^pil_fi_7? l 'rS_ Cl!re wil1 cure Dl " arl y
_B»»«a-tf' %£ :*A. "" caie » of rheiima-
tBzf^^^^t&Sl tUm In a few hours;
'JEgjr that hl» Dyspepsia Cure
•W "t*^3 w111 c " re '"^gestion «nd
CT -^ji^.-^tv^Ty «11 storaarh troublet;
W "S'^C'Sm?' ****¦ hl * Kidney Cure
|7 t' i !_y Will- cure 00 per rent.
'V y^HZfy&i ef all cases of fcldner
\ _r - jP^? trouble: that hit Ca-
Jfer" •*v*_' tirrh Cnr * w111 C! ' re
«"t«rrh do matter how
|B*WjK|w^/'i^^Vfcj7J^ lonjr stnndlnt; that bli
tvjfi " v *jjg&& y1B6gSy Headache Oire will cure
*sl I *£& «ny kind of heartache In
1 I . F • cw tntnutct; th«t
1 W« Cold Cure will
" ,_ , quickly l.re«i up « C y
•«na of cold aad co on throuirh the entire list of
ramedle*. At all druggist*. 2f> cents a rial
If jou nee<l medtral advice write Prof Mun-on
1008 Arch tt. Ph<:.v It u absolutely f r «e. "
'
fjvisj' OR- JORDAN'S great i
OF ANflTOMYf
\ . *J^ The Largest An»tMniciI Museum in the \
§ «_«&X World. We»kne'.s-, or t,y contracted M
__ f_3*SQ :dise»«ep--i«lw-lyeiir-_lb y iheolde»t_.
® B&JtB Ji S'Pe"" 1 "* " t^"-' Coast Est. 36 yo»t» Q
$ tf^cfi OS. JORDAN-PRIVATE 01SEASES<
\ S ®3?_>S -t-o.miltstion free »nd stri. tiy private V
n 3 JM«KH TrmmRDi peri.on.illy r.r l.y letter A A
\ S If *a H ¦ flM " M Curt «» «»erjr ease undertaken. . T
4 r if liw rai »-oi*o^_ivit a
w* II } T * _-A.nniA«K, MAti._D pxnc iat
A ¦ a ' l\< valuable book for men; ¦ \
? _P%_f 'iP^ W^J-OuJ^Marteiit St. , a F. 0
Dr. Meyers & Go.E
Specialists for Ailments of Men, B
73 1. Market St., San Francisco. H
Bad way's
> Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption ; and
healthful r^eularlty. • *-'",.
* For 'the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Uver,; Bowels,' Kidneys, - Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, < Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of - the
Internal Vlecerm. 25c a box. At , Druggists, or
by mail, RADWAY & CO.. New York. '
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA tswsa
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
j - ¦ Six Nights and
WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MATINEES.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRYMILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY
In an Elaborate Revival of the Romantic
J Comedy,
HEARTSEA SE.
HENRY MILLER AS ERIC TEMPLE.
Next Thursday Afternoon and Sunday Night,
THE RURTOU HOLMES LECTURES.
Subject— "GRAND CANYON OF ARIZONA."
Next Week— "The ADVENTURE OF LADY
URSULA."
_
The New Company a Crackajack !
BENNETT and STEMBLOR,
In a Sketch by GEORGE M. COHAN.
MEEKER-BAKER TRIO.
HOOKER AND DAVIS.
JOLLY JOHN NASH.
Zelma Rawlston. St. Onge Brothers. Nichols
Sisters. Biograph.
MR. AND MRS. JOHN MASON (Katherlne
Orey).
Reserved seat?. 25c: balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats. 5Pc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
*TI¥OL.*
CURTAIN RISES AT 8 P. M. SHARP.
TO-NIGH r T -NIGHT TO-MGHT
And Wednesday. Friday. Saturday Evenings.
"OTHFLLO I 9
V EMM Mm* Zu_<-_w^-#»
Avedano, Salassa, Miss Graham and Miss
Lichter.
Tuesday, Thursday. Friday Nights, Saturday
Matinee,
"RIGOLETTO."
Russo. Ferrari, Nicollnl, Politinl and Repetto.
Next Week-'TANNHAUSER." "MIGNON."
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 5»c
Telephone Bush 9.
.Walter Moroeco £cl« Lessee and -lanagtr
THIS EVENING—
Henry Arthur Jones* Great Play.
THE MIDDLEMAN !
First Presentation at These Prices.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c.
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra, 75c.
Saturdav Matinee— inc. 15c. 25c. We.
I Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
.A. BIG HIT!
AND A LAUGHING ONE.
DUNNE & RYLEY-S ALL STAR CAST,
Presenting MATHEWS k BULGER
In the Funniest Comedy of All,
"THE NIGHT OF JHE FOURTH"
SPECIAL— Sunday Nlsht. August 12th, FARE-
WELL PERFORMANCE,
"RUSH CITY."
Commencing Sunday Afternoon, and Everj-
Evenlng 1 excepting Sunday. August 12th, Spe-
cial Matinees Sunday. Tuesday. Thursday and
Saturday. Everybody's Favcrites, "THE
BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND."
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT, MONDAY
Six NIshts and Saturday Matinee.
Qrf mo th FLORENCE
Jll of ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
Revival by Request,
I COUNTRY GIRL!
Next-"A SUIT OF SABLE"
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
LORD & ROWE: SISTERS WATERMAN; LA
LIST A: MARTIN & R1DGWAY: HOGGS &
HAEWARD; THE LION ACT: NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES.
CANNON. THi FAT MAN.
FORREST~SEABURY
In His SENSATIONAL HIGH DIVE.
Telephone for Seats. '. ..Park 23
FT^sCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOtnUnO Admission 1O-.
THE OGDENS and BERTHA FOLTZ IN
"THE RIGHT -STOCKING"; BERTHA
ADAMS. El'DORA FORDE. JEANETTE
LEWIS. HERBERT MEDLEY and NEW
MOVING PICTURES. Matinee Sunday. Re-
served Seats, 25c.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathln* From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m
ADMISSION, 10c.. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission. S5c; Children. 20c.
Opera Glasses
20% Cut
Including Lemalres. with and without handles.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
642 Market 5t. instruments
' UNDER CMROHICLt BU1LDIN&. CATALOGUE Frit.
I PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS
Travelers from every portion ot tha
Clobe show their appreciation of th*
cemfcrts and luxuries to be obtained -
In these hotels by making them their
' headquarters when visiting San
Francisco. - •-.••:•>
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated ¦ under on* . manage-
ment on the American and Europeaa
plans. - •_ -
lArt ,nU!ALEHass
...... Valises checked 'free.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE— ~
American Fire
. INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK.- IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1S33. and for the year ending; on that day. as
made to the' Insurance .Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the Prorislons
of Sections 610 and «11 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
¦ CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ...: : J40o,ooo 00
¦ . ¦ - - ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $14. 500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.032.340 00
Amount of Loans Secured" by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 23.000 flO
Cash in. Company's OfHce X. 771 17
Cash In Banks ¦... 118.5S1 02
Interest due -and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3,434 54
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 83 43
Premiums in due. Course of Collec-
tion 24*,«S2 42
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 9.419 13
' Total Assets ».431.S34 04
- LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid J33.425 75
Losses in process of . Adjustment or
In Suspense *3.«4« M
Losses resisted, including expenses.. S.«10 34
Gross premiums on Fire Rinks run-
ning one year or: less, $720,454 34;
reinsurance 50 per cent 860,227 K
Grofs premiums on Fire Risks run-
nir.tr * more than one year. $313.-
2S4 <&; reinsurance . pro rata 1SS.995 SC
All other demands against the Com-
pany 63.0S8 01
Total Liabilities $713.993 83
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums .' 1734. 1M $5
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages T25 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bond?, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources SI.388 30
Total Income tS31.«0 75
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flre Lcises (In-
cluding UZ.lSi 93. losses of previous
years) ; $<S«,140 1«
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1S4.7S0 54
Paid for Salaries, Fees, ar.d other
charges for officers, clerks, etc SS.37I 83
Pa Id for State. National, and Local
tajcea 23.743 7»
All other payments and expenditures &3.50Q 56
Total Expenditures J776.519 &7
Fire.
LOSSES incurred durins the year $319,577 «3
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks]
¦written during thel
year I tl65.4S3.034 Jl.200.233 17
Net amount of Rlskfl
expired during thel
year I 123,IS0,50« 842.931 12
Net amount In force!
December 31. 1S33...I 133.:3S.16S 1.93S.74S 39
OEO. P. A. YOUNG. President.
. 1 WALTER S. ALLEY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn tr» before me. this 9th
day of February. 19C0. GEO. H. COREY.
Commissioner for California.
THOS. J- CON ROY,
Manager.
CEO. W. BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SE. Corner California and Sansome Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
~— — — — — _ — ___ _— _ _____
STATEMENT
-or the—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the 31st day of December. A. I>.
1S99. and for the year endlns; on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. . .
Amount of Capital Stock, pal. I up In
Cash J600.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $272,839 23
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.7SO.2S1 7T»
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 1.1SS.76O T9
Cash in Company's Office 2.K6 Zi
Cash In Banks 75.6SS 64
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan 12.68') il
Interest due and accrued on Bonds i
and Mortgages 27.C69 77
Premiums in due Course of Coilec- j
tlon 14S.9K 11 ;
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken I
for Fire and Marine Risks S5.2«7 r.7 !
Rents due and accrued 1.301 23 !
Due from other Companies for Re- 1
insuranea on losses already paid.. 7.S44 10
Total Asssts $3,343,144 71 i
LIABILITIES. ~ ~ ~"
Losses adjusted .and unpaid $11,767 It
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 72.937 50
losses resisted. Including expenses... 2.000 00
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning one year or less. Jj-iS.003 78;
reinsurance £0 per cent 274.431 83
Gross premlurr.B on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,123,-
437 OS: reinsurance' pro rata 1,141,333' 33
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 4.547 *J
I Ail other demands against the Com-
j pany 25.337 W
Total Liabilities Jl.i32.601 65
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premium* Sl.CC9.3C5 ~,Z
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 84.787 34
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources ' 65,713 25
Received for Rents 2.737 11
Total Income Sl.152.K-i C3
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Firs Losses (In-
cluding $23,776 07. losses of previous
yearn) J3S9.299 13
Dividends to Stockholders 61.690 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
•Brokeraice .: 147.813 42
Paid for Salaries. Fps«. and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 66,241 £3
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 31.945 85
AH other payments and expenditures {3.357 S7
Total Expenditures $760.3_ 33
'it- •» A Flre.
LOSSES Incurred tlurln? the year.... $143,570 »
Risks and Premiums. Fire Rl.iks. { Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year .....: $260,003,996 »L45«.«42 99
Net amount of Risks 1
expired during- the
year 249.460.434 1.461.12S 27
Net amount In force!
December 31. 1S93...I 233.231,717 2.672.360 86
\V£ vV,E. O. DOREMU9. President.
JAS. H. WORDEN. Secretary.
- Subscribed and sworn to before me. this lfitb
day of January, 19W.
HENRY H. DAWSON.
- -. - . Notary Public.
THOS. J. CON ROY,
Manager.
Gi_:O. W. BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SE, Corner California and Sansome Streets,
: SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. -23 Market.
ATKTHrR.Tr « * M K "TW*- !
STATEMENT
—OF THE— '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE— '
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON, IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
CHUSETTS, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1S». and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections <10 and «!1 of the Political
Code, condensed .as per blank furnished by th«
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid uo In
cash J30O.00O 09
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company $564,879 T»
Amount of loans secured by pledte of
bonds, ftocks and other marketable*
securities as collateral 15.000 09
Cash In company's offlce 5.854 3*
Cash tn banks 14,984 83
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and leans 1909 43
Premiums in due course of collection.. 23.351 U
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on Ioss*s already paid S*4 ZX
Total Ufcta $fiM.743 U
LIABILITIES. — — —
Lo9««s adjusted and unpaid % 1.283 CJ
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense H,J_ tt
Gross premiums on flre risks runninc
one year or less. Slo3.9&> 41: rela-
vuranc* SO per cent TS.iO T»
Gross premiums on fire risks runninc
more than one year, $123,537 91; re-
insurance pro rata 75.704 tf
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, etc 3.435 3J
All other demands against tho com-
pany U.708 4S
Total liabilities „ ...1131.597 a
1XCOME.
Net cash actually received for Of
premiums $313,881 XI
Received for interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 22.I7* 17
Received from all other sources 1.090 GO
Total Income £37.0«7 34
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (ln-
cludinz $17,205 S8. losses of previous
years) $132.5«t it
Dividend.* to stockholders 13.000 00
paid or allowed for commission or bro-
kerage 46.843 44
Paid for salaries, fees aad other
. charges for officers, clerks, etc 1S,1S1 tt
Paid for State, national aad local
taxes 8.406 7X
AH other payments and expenditures. 36.790 M
Total expenditures $289,533 13
losses Incurred during the year, flre ..XVS3. 170 50
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. IPremluma.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $23,949,252 $273,104 0*
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 21.684,967 233.832 74
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. ISM 26.273.704 2^.103 g^
FRANCIS PEA BODY. President.
HE.NET S. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7tU
day of February, WOO.
GEORGE M. AMER1GE. Notary Public.
BACCS JSTSTOVEL,
General Agents,
411 CALIFORNIA STBEZT,
SAN* FRANCISCO. CAL.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE—
PALATINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF 'MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THB
al*t day of December. A. L>. 1SOD. and for tha
year ending en that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Call*
fornia. pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and Sil of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages $ 67.500 W
Cash market value of all stocks and
bon<?« owned by the company 1.975.SS? 00
Cash in company's office 13.323 90
Cash In banks 1S7.4T5 13
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages KO W
Premiums In due course of collection 333.242 21
Total KSSVtS i2.tST.Tn 33
LIABILITIES. '
Leases adjusted and unpaid $ 8J.W3 77
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 209.X11 91
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 35,904 34>
Gross piemiums on flr* risks running
one year cr less. J1.S>S7.!O 44: re-
Insurance 50 per cent 93S.979 71
Gro*a premiums on flre rl*k» runnlnit
more »han one year. $1,100,277 S4: re-
insurance pro rata (06,879 41
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 1.8S5 U
All other demands aralnst the com-
pany - 124.444 S3
Total liabilities $2,039,563 73
—
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums C2S7.631 34
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 3,550 CO
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 93,045 23
Received for profit on sale of se-
curities 27,430 35
—————_——___•
Total Income .C413.SS7 94
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount raid for flre losses (In-
cluding $203,321 C3, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,533.503 91
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage S17.S3S 09
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charge* for of fleer", clerka, etc.... 137,941 91
Paid for State, national and local
taxe* -. S\01S J3
All other payments and expenditures 1C3.61S 54
Total expenditures C369.940 6}
Losses Incurred during the year. flre.. $1,637,503
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risk*
written during the — *"
year nS3.433.342 C.324.30O 9*
Net amount of risks
expired durins the
year 241.764.258 2.474.320 5S
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1S3? 309.S75.303 3.098.837 2S
WM. WOOD. Manager.
Subscribed and «worn to before me, this 234
day of January. 13C0.
E. S. INNET. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
Principal Office — 439 California St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHAS. A. LATON. Manager.
~ DR.P1ERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. . -¦
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.-8VER.LUNCg:
t Gy £,l»"t. 3p«rmatorrh«Z
_52jr »¦»' «o»*»7i-X5 w bit«a. unnatural nil
aFSSf ouniMl Jg rp.ir:m, or any lnflaTim**
ff*6j not m ttriiiaas tion. .irriUtlon or Uirer*.
|— -gfw*ta » watagioa. tton ot naeoas m*_»
K«Vhe£u<3 CHEMifln Ca. bnnea. Kct>-_trin«ras.
U|«&C;KC!a)UTl.0._Bll *° 1- ** »»~«»T-t*,
«X. T. 1 jB/T ?L Mnt la P— lB w r*PT««,
5»iflr_i2_®5all
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints ot the
Orrans of <Jtneratlon-
1'rtc* U a bottle. For sal* by drurrisU.
§V1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fUty
years by the leaders of the
Mcmoa Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively curei the
worst cases In old and young
uriting from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
ficarette-emnklns. Cures Lost
Mar.hood. Impotoncy. Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. L^ss of Semen, •_» Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stops re *^J ff ¦ rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects J^^^are Immediate.
Impart vliror and v,Ci»T» potency to *very
function. Don't e*t despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restores email, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; We *
bcx; € for J2 to by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
tree. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 49 Kills
•t.. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
2i and 40 Third tt.
Larkln
Agfa No Plates Eeqnired. WQ
ill^H_38H>i
WhsBBSm
V.^ t>\vi— .!»- infill 3 t*
PROSPECTIVE
FURNITURE AND
CARPET BUYERS
Will leern »oro«thlng to their advan-
tage by giving us an early call.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Xear PowelL
Free Delivery Within 100 Miles.3OME of the "snap shot" fiends met
with a disappointment at Harrlpon
street wharf yesterday. They were
there In droves ready to take a pic
ture of the disabled steamer Tellus, but a
sail bad been placed over the hole in the
port bow made by the Belgian King, so
there was really nothing to photograph.
The Tellus Is now high in the water and
Whitelaw's wrecker has pumped her
clear. She was cut down to the keel and
In order to cet the water out d board with
India rubber packing has been run over
th*> cut.
A most peculiar state of affairs exists
In connection with the collision. The Bel
gian King, under charter to Uncle Sam,
TWO VIEWS SHOWING WRECK OF BELGIAN KING.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 6.— Kansas City, 3;
Buffalo. 2. (Ten Innings.)
¦' Sf?S < J?Ft^ U|f - S— Detroit.' 2; Chicago. 0,
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 5.-Milwaukee, 5; In
dianapolis, 1.
MINNEAPOLIS. - Aug. 6.— Minneapolis, 5;
Cleveland, 11.
American League Games.
Handball Matches at Ryan's.
The handball matches at Phil Ryan's
court, S58 Howard street, were above the
average yesterday afternoon. The four
handed game between H. J. Rogers, who
had made his first appearance in the
court within the past two years, and Joe
Collins, against E. J. Murphy and E.
Curley, was full of interest and spirit.
The score was as follows: Rogers and
Collins 21, 18. 21; Murphy and Curley 17.
21, 20. A return match will be played next
Sunday. Tho other scores were:
E. White and C. Lakln. 21 21 21
J. Kllllan and F. Smith 13 15 18
Willis F. Brown and C K. Lipp.. 21 21 21
J. Fitzpatrick and N. Polidorl.... 20 16 13
J. McXnmara and S. Garvey 21 21 19
T. McManus and J. Dooley 20 16 ' 21
M. Levy and E. Levene. 21 21 21
B. Wurkhelm and B. Meyers is 20 12
G. McDonald and P. McKlnnon.... 21 18 21
M. McNeil and L. Escolle 13 . 21 17
W. Fl6her and G. Hynes
21 21 14 21 15
G. B. Hayward and* M.
Bnsch 16 13 21 19 21
A. McVlcker and T.
Foley 21 17 21 21 19
Joe Condon and G. Ma- . /
guire 14 21 18 ; 13 21
W. Williams and W.
Walsh 21 15 21 17 21
P. Ryan and D. Con- «¦>.» j..;
rklly 16 21 15 21 19
J. Collins and T. Leach.. ...... 21 21 7 21
J. White and R. Murphy...... 17 17 21 14.
ERRORS RESPONSIBLE
FOR RUNS AT CHICAGO
Windy City Nine Defeated by Men
From Brooklyn in a Close
Game.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet Clubs— TV. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 53 29 .64< Boston 40 43 .4SS
Philadelphia. 45 37 .543 St. Louis 37 44 .457
Pittsburg ...44 39 .53i> Cincinnati ..33 48 .432
Chicago 41 42 .493 New York. ..31 43 .330
CHICAGO, Aug. 5.— Errors were responsible
for all the runs to-day. Brooklyn won In the
sixth, after two outs. Taylor being mainly re-
BponFible by giving a base and muffing a
throw, two hits following. The third-base play
on both sides was the feature, every hit in
that direction going like rifle shots. Attend
ance 80C0. Score:
jC'ubs 1 - R. H . E.
Chicago • 13 2
Brooklyn 3 9 3
Batteries— Taylor and Chance; McGinnlty
and McGulre. Umpire^Hurst. *"=uinnity
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 5.— Mercer was easy picking
for St. Louis to-day. McGann was sick and
Donlln took his place at first to-day. Attend
ance 7300. Score: utna
Cluba — t» ji -p
St. Louis w i|- E j
New York J JJJ j
oSK^saSESaSi! Merw * ni
CINCINNATI, Aug. 5.-Bunchln B of hits In
the seventh allowed th« locals to tie the score
T u ey J 1 ' 0^ ,'," th S e if hth on a » ln * le . » nit by
pitched ball and Elys excusable error. At
tendance 4500. Score:
Clubs— n w v
Cincinnati 3 g %
pittsburg ;;;*. i . | \
c ! , B ,* t h erles -,? ahn and Peltz : Leever and
Schrelver. Umpire— Swartwood.
Large Attendance at Schuetzen Park.
Naval Reserve and National
Guard Gather at Shell
Mound.
— ~ — *—" —
Several achuetzen clubs held their
monthly shoots at the ranges in Schuet
zen Park yesterday. The attendance was
large. The results of the shooting in the
different clubs were as follows:
Schuetzen section Verein Eintracht—
M*>dal shooting:— Champion class. Captain F.
A. Kuhls, 419; first class. II. Rennenschnelder.
370; second class, *C. V. Hartwig, 314; third
class. O. It. Ludwig. 324; Hrst bes>t shot. Cap
tain Kuhls, 23; last best shot, O. Thelle, 23.
The members of the California Schuet
zen Club made the following scores:
First champion chips, A. Strecker, 224. 209: F.
P. Schuster, £15; T. \V. McLaughlin, 210. Sec
ond champion class, A. Rahwyler, 220, 173; Cap
tain F. A. Kuhls, 217, 209; II. Ence, 210. 201:
D. B. Faktor, 203. 20$; O. Bremer. 19/J, 156: \V.
Khrenpfort. 162, 124. Second class. O. Tarn
meyer. 206, 198: A. GehrPt. 20'., 197; R. Stettin.
202. 152; C. J. Vx'aldin. 196, 176; E. Woemer, 196.
181; Captain F. Allingcr. 190. 1S5; J. Kuhlmnn.
18fi. 183; A; Jungblut, 1S9, 176; A> Hampel. 191.
17L Third class, John Horstman, 190, 173; C.II.
Sauehorn, 1S3, 157; J. C. Waller. 1S3, 174; F. C.
Hegerup, 176. "IN; F. A. Schrumpf. 1S6. 173.
Fourth class. W. Nolden. 1C5. 15S; J. T. Peck,
162. 134; F. Acker, 146, . 111.
The members, of the Marin County
Schuetzen Club held a practice -shoot,
with the following results: F. RIede 210,
G. Kohlhoff 245. James Watson 190, C. J.
Waldln 399. J. S. Kaneen 195, D. Martin
215. •
C. J. Waldin carried off the honors with
a splendid score.
An event ouside of the usual routine
shooting took place In this section. James
Watson, who was in the shooting, booth,
espied a large turkey -buzzard soaring
over the; targets, and' having read the
Munchausen tale of the killing of an eagle
trying to steal : a child , promptly proceed
ed to blow the '¦ pin feathers out of the
foul bird. The first shot he blew one of
the bird's, claws off and rescued a small
gopher, that was being borne aloft. Wat
son was having too much fun and
Kaneen, Waldin and Martin opened on
the unfortunate bird and brought him to
earth well punctured.'
SHELL MOUND SHOOTING.
Monthly Practice of Naval Reserve
and Other Organizations.
Officers and members of the Naval ¦ Re
serve and National? Guard of California
qpent i yesterday afternoon firing on the
targets at Shell Mound Park: The crack
of the "Lee-Remingtons and Sprlngflelds
Pleasant Sunday Spent in
Front of Targets by
Marksmen.
RIFLES CRACK
AT THE RUGES
ACROSS THE BAY
SACRAMENTO.
that his future appearance on a Sacra
mento diamond will bo the signal for the
women to remain at home. Score:
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
McLaughlln, If 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Eagan. s. e 4 110 6 3 1
Hurhes, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Hanlon. lb 3 12 0 8 0 0
Stanley, c 3 12 0 6 10
Doyle. 3b 4 0 10 111
Shanahan. cf 3 10 110 0
Stulz 2b 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Dennle. rf 2 10 0 4 0 0
Totals * 3D 5 7 1 27 8 I
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. cf 5 12 10 0 0
Francks, s. 8 4 0 110 2 1
Arrelanes. 2b 4 0 112 4 0
Hardle. rf 2 0 0 0 10 0
Hainos. rf 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Mosklman, p. & 3b. 3 0 2 1 1 2 0
Borchers. lb 4 0 0 0 11 0 j0
Held. 3b. & p 4 0.0 0 1 2 .' 1
Bowman, If 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Mangorina, c 4 0 0 0 5 10
Cart»r. p 0 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 55 1 6 4 2t 12 2
RUN'S AND HITS BY INNINGS.
.0 0003200 •— 3
Base hits 1 10 112 0 1 •— 7
Oakland 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 1 1200110 0-6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Moskiman 2, Held 2.
Home run— Easan. Two-base hits—McLaugh
lin. Hanlon. Sacrifice hit— Stanley. First on
errors — Sacramento 2, Oakland 2. First on balls
—Off Hughes 1, off Moskiman 1, off Held 1.
Left on bases — Sacramento 4. Oakland s.
Struck out— By Moskiman 4, by Hughes 6. Dou
ble play— Arrelanes to Borchers. Time of game
— 1:35. Umpire — Donohue. Official scorer — I. C.
Nathan. Attendance— 1500.
Company H Wins.
Companies H and D, League of the
Cross Cadets, played a game of baseball
on the Sixteenth and Folsom streets dia
mond yesterday morning. Company H
won by a score of 11 to 2.
Nauman Carries Off Honors With
a Score of T-wenty-
Four.
The attendance of the members of the
California "Wing Shooting Club at Ingle
side yesterday was very small, many be
ing away in the country looking for big
game. A stake was made up to shoot for
twelve live birds and' the result was as
follows:
Nauman 2 2222222222 2—12
Roos 1*12 1 1 1 1 1 • 1 2—10
Slade 12 1 2*111 11 1 2—11
Walsh.. 112 11111111 1—12
Justlns 2 221012*112 2—10
Justins ...2 1 1 12 2 3«2 2 2 • 1—12
Nauman ...... -..1 2 2 0 2 2
J. Kullman.....l 2 112 11*12 2 2—11
H. Kullman....* 2 22111220J 1—10
E.Kay... ...2 1 2' 0.2 1 111 2 2 2— 11
E. Fay ...,1 1 1 1 1.1 0 1 1 1 1 2-11
E. Fay.... 11 2 2 2 111111 2_n
E. Fay... :......! J 1 • 1. • 22 1 t 1 0-r 9
The members of the Union Gun Club
also held a shoot at Ingleside. They made
a match to shoot < at twenty-live clay
birds each. The honors went to Nauman
who made the good score of 21. Results
follow: ¦„ ¦¦;..:•-¦
Klnck 13, Mascott 18, Wollam 11, Thomas 15,
Iverson 21, Michelesen 9, Feudner 18, Jantseen 8
Flicking 22. Burnell 13. Lewis 7.* Fay 11. Ol«en
18. Pruce 12, Herrlngr 12, KerrlnRan 15. RIckle
15, : Michelssen 17. Fay 8, Walfert 13. Klnck 8.
Walsh 18, Janseen 14, Jarette Jr. 18. Olsen 16.
Thomas , 15, Klnc 21. Nauman 24. Burnell 19.
Walfert 17. Mitchell 22, Lewis 10, Unic 23, Feud
ner CO, Iverson 17, • Kins 12.
made a merry din. Fair scorces were the
order of the day. They were as fol
lows:
Xaval militia headquarters' revolver, 50 yards
—Captain Turner, retired, 36. 33; Lieutenant C.
C. Dennis, retired. 3S. 34; Surseon Morrisey.
33. 43; Lieutenant Kammerer. 22. 2S; Corporal
Harris. 47. 46; Pharmacist McMillan, 23. 31;
Chief Master's Mates at Marines Brophy, 38,
40; Paymaster's Yeoman Corcoran, 12, 8; Chief
Quartermaster Llndecker. 29, 27.
First Division Naval. Militia— XV. Llndecker,
42: George Murphy. 13; A. Mitchell. 23; A.
Quenlln. 30: A. Nathan. 18; W. Bode. 38: R.
Walsh. 26: W. Blank, 21; W. Nussa. 29.
Second Division— G. W. Hammond. 31; O. A.
PauMen. 23: F. R. Sutton. 35: W. Buckley. 30;
II. A. Hilton, 31; W. Cathran. 25; J. Garrett
29; A. McKce, 30; Lieutenant G. Kammerer. 31;
D. O. Hern, 3S; O. Heine. 38.
Engineers' Division Naval Militia, 200 yards—
J. D. Farrell. 30: M. Babklrk, 28; F. Norton. 31;
Lieutenant W. F. Bonny, 3S; G. Osborn. 3S; W.
Stone. 21.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot—
Ed ward Holmke. S3; Charles Grany. 3S: Cor
poral II. Frederlckson. 25; Charles Frederick
son. 37; George Kellenberiter, 33; John Staude,
35; Sergeant Worthlnicton. 35; Sergeant H
Kuhlke, 42; C. Herlng, 2S; Sergeant C. An
drews, 42.
Company M, First Infantry, N. G. C. month
ly target practice. 200 yards— Lieutenant Wall,
10; Lieutenant Newbert. 38: Sergeant Noyes, 36;
Sergeant McNelll. 30; Sergeant Miller, 24: Pri
vates Lyons, 34; Sutherland, 8: William Daley,
27; J. Daley. IB; M. S. Bradley, 16: Tedlar, 5:
Heskert. 10; Lieutenant Collopy, 22; Privates
Ames. 22: Barrows. 32: O'Donnell, 20; Owens, 21
Company L. First Infantry. N. G. C, monthly
target practice, 200 yards— Lieutenant H. E.
Curzon. 42: Corporal II. E. Stirdt, 40; Corporal
D. M. Ropers, 2S; C. C. Darby. 40: M. E. Barry.
XT. M. Canes. 31: W. P. Porter. 34: l: M. Rey.
31; W. T. Reardon, 31; W. Voll. 25: A. Mayer.
27: E Fenton. 35; A. T. Brown, 30: C. Wehr, 28.
DeutKcher Krleger Vereln, monthly medal
shoot — Flrnt champion- class. C. Weirjrenmann.
357: second champion class. O. Dammer, 351;
first class. John Bender. 338: second class —
Xavler Sllbenahn, 328; third class, C. Meyer.
210. fourth class, John Lankes, ISO; best first
shot, John Bender, 24; best last shots, George
Iletzei nnd C. Wesmenmann. 23.
Dei'tseher Krlccer Wreln. monthly bullseye
shoot— George Hetzel, John Bender. F, Kaiser,
O. Danimer. C. WeKeenmann.
P!GEO&] SHOOTING ON
INGLESIDE GROUNDS
The Alameda and Pacific cricket teams
latt fcr the fourth time this season on the
cricket grounds at Webster street. Ala
rnecJa, yesterday, and though the scoring
on both sides was low, the Paclflc won by
12 runs.
Alam«>da wont Srst to the wicket, but
none of the batsmen scored double figures
except R. B. Hog-ue, If, and B. Bird, 16
not out. The ttam w.is two men short
and of the eight wickets Casldy took no
fewer than 6. the remaining 2 falling to
\V. Jajnieson.
When the Pacifirs went to the bat the
Jpsue of the match was in doubt until
after th<» elphth wicket had fallen for 46
runs. IJefnre the jiinth wicket was cap
tured the Pacific* had passed the Ala
medas total, and though the Alamedas
went in a second lime It had no effect
T:pon the result. For the Alamedas Fort
mann took I ¦wickets and Harold Ward
captured 3. The full scores are given be
low:
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB-First Innings.
R. H. Hocue. b. Casidy j2
J. H. Saunder-. 1. b. w.. b. Casldy 5
T. Croll. c. McDonald, b. Casidy 8
H. Ward Jr.. c. Myers, b. Czsldy o
V. Peebeck. c. Wilding, b. Casidy S
TJ. Pird. not out .". 16
W. <i. Fnrtmann. c. \V. Jamieson. b. Cajiidr. 0
P. E. Mcl>an. 1. b. w.. b. \v. Jamleson 0
"W. lUchter. b. W. Jarcieson 2
Extrat «... 5
™.
56
Hunc at the fall of each -wicket— One for 11.
two for 21, three for 23, fcur ror 2S, five far 47
cix for 49, seven for £0, eight for Ct
SUMMARY OF HOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
Cu-idy 96 a < 6
Coles « 11 X
IViUia JO 10 1
W. Jamleson 23 13 0 2
TACIFIC CRICKET CLITB.
J. Myerr. hit wicket, b. Fortmann 17
C P. Coles, b. Fnrtmann It
O. Theobald, b. Fortmann 0
A. W. Wildinr. b. Fortmann 0
H. C. CaF'.dy. r. Richter. b. Ward Jr 2
T). Jamieson, p. Croll, b. Fortmann 4
J. J. Theobald, not out 7
A. B Willis, c. Seebeck. b. Ward Jr 0
TV. Henderson, c. and b. Ward Jr 0
\V. Jan-.iepon. b. Bird 10
"W. McDonald, c. Ward Jr., b. Croll 1
Extrai 11
--
nuns at the fall of each wicket— One for 37.
two for 27. three for 37. four for 28. five for 42,
elx for 44, erven for 44. eight for 46, nine for
Q. ten for Cl
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— J*. R. M. W.
Ward Jr <* U 3 2
Bird « 8 4 1
faunders SO « 2
Croll 37 10 1 1
T'i.Ttrr,a.r.n 30 14 1 5
Alamcda in Its second inning made the
following scores:
' B. Bird. b. Willis, fi: F. Croll. c. J. J Theo
bald, b. Cole*. iZ: II. Ward Jr.. <•. D. Jamimon.
b. Cole*. 23; V. B«*>b<vk. c. Wilding, b. Willis.
27; J. II. Faund»»rf!. c. Coles, b. Casidjr. 3; W.
O. rVimgnn, c. Cole*, b. Myers. 11;' P. E.
McL»in, not out. 5; extras, 2; total fcr S wick
ets, &6.
Pacific Eleven Defeats a Short Team
of Alamedas by a Narrow
CLOSE GAME OF CRICKET
ON THE ALAMEDA GROUNDS
Class m»^lal5, rlfl». 200 jards, exp^rte— A. H.
Tajje uS. back srotes r.j.
Sharpshr* tern— G. liarley 79, back scores 100,
1C"; markxnicn. Mrs. Waltham 122.
I'lsto?. cla** rr.»-<ial«i. 50 yard!?, experts— y. O.
Young S7. G. M. Barley Cl. Marksmen— Mrs. G.
Wanncl TS. Mrs. <:. F. Waltham S4. <J. MannM
fc6, O. FeudnT US; back *corc»— "S. %, 101, lu7.
Jia,' 304. Feudner shot with a 44 revolver In this
match and bid* fair to excel with that weapon.
All comer*" :ratch, rifle, medal. !*J yards— F.
O. Younp. 43. 61; A. H. Tape. 63; G. ilannel.
7*, S6. Military, medal. Crcedmore count— P.
ilecker <with ?'.<-*<¦' carbine). 46. 45. 44.
S2 and Si rifle. nvdal.». 1<D yard* — Captain Fred
Kuhnle. IS. 20. 23. JJ. 26; G. Mannel. 31: O.
Fe^dnrr, 32, 11. 23. 33. 40. 4S. £3. 5b; Mn. Walt
ham, Z2. 40.
Twist revolver, roedal— P. Becker. 58. CO. C7.
SO. SI. !<3. S«; F. O. Youne. 62, €2. 62; O. Feud
pistoJ. me<lal-nd Hover. <2. *K 12; F. O.
YnuiK. 05. £*: P. lificker, tS; Mre. Mannel. SS.
I'lrtol. record score*— Mr. l'rltehard, <9. Cl.
Cl: ilrs. G. ilannel. 72. 72.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
its regular shoot yesterday at Harbar
View. The pcorcp. on the Columbia tar
grct, off-hand shooting, arc as follows:
COLUMBIA CLUB'S SHOOT.
Frank Morcy, a clerk, reported to the
police laFt night that his room at 152 Fifth
street had been entered and a gold watch
and pome clothing taken. An entrance
was effected with the aid of a skeleton
key.
Room Thief at Work.
Corinthians Leave on a Cruise Up the
Sacramento — Bartlett Buys
a Yawl.
Yesterday morning the victorious sloop
Aeolus, sailed by "Jack" Short, cruised
along the Sausalito water front looking
for another brush with her defeated an
tagonist, the Gadder, but the Gadder and
her crew of boat-builders had stolen
silently away to Benicia.
Commodore W. N. McCarthy, who sailed
the Gadder to victory last year, said that
he could not understand the Gadder's de
feat by so large a margin as half an hour,
though quite willing to admit that tho
Aeolus was excellently handled and Is a
fast boat. - i
The sloops Thetis, Siren and Raven
cruised up> to Paradise Cove yesterday
and dropped anchor there. Some Corinth
ian boats were moored In that favorite
spot. There was a stiff breeze all day,
and most of the yachts carried reduced
canvas. %
Several of the Corinthians started on a
week's cruise up the Sacramento River
Immediately after the race on Saturday
for the Perpetual challenge cup.
Frank Bartlett, formerly owner of the
sloop Queen, has again become a yacht
owner, having purchased the yawl Spray,
formerly Siwash, formerly Guinevere,
from T. L. Miller, secretary of the Cor
inthinans.
STIFF BREEZE ENJOYED
BY THE YACHTSMEN
Arthur, In Manila, has Issued a general
order. In which he says:
In all caaes tried by military departments
wherein the death penalty or confinement at
bard labor for & greater period than five years
*s adjudged the department commander wilt.
If he approves the sentence, forward the record
of the proceedings to the headquarters for re
view, and no »uch sentence shall be carried
into execution until it shall be approved by the
division commander: provided, that where the
sentence Imposed by such commission Is com
muted or mltfgrated by the department com
mander to confinement at bard labor for ft
period of five years or less.
Kaiser Was Misinformed.
BERLIN, Aug. 5. — The Voerwaerta, the
Socialist organ, referring to-day to Em
peror William's arraignment of the work
men at the Bremen shipyard for strik
ing, whereas the fact la that they were
locked out, complains that the Kaiser waa
Imperfectly informed of the conditions of
the case by his advisers. It then points
out other instances where Emperor Wil
liam has made speeches In which he has
publicly charged innocent persons with
offenses of one sort or another simply be
cause his Information was Incorrect.
"Windward's Path Hocked.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Aug. 5.— The Labra
dor mall steamer Virginia Lake, which
arrived here, to-day, reports that the
Peary relief steamer Windward passed
through the Straits of Belle Isle last Sun
day, bound north. She also reports that
Immense Ice floes still block the northern
coast of Labrador. This will seriously im
pede the Windward's passage.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 5.-General Mao-
aXTLE FOB MILITARY TBIAIiS.
King libeled the Tellus and her cargo on
a salvage claim. Now the owners of. the
Tellus have retaliated by blaming the Bel
gian King for the disaster and asking that
she be assessed for damages. As It now
stands It Iook3 as if neither side would
win and both will pay their own expenses.
The contract for repairing the Tellus has
been let to the Risdon Iron Works and the
lob will cost somewhere in the neighbor
hood of $25,000. Every big machine shop in
the city figured on the job, but the Risdon
made the best offer and secured the work.
There are few men in the business who
can make a closer estimate than Harry
Tarbett. marine superintendent of the Ris
don works.
LOG RAFT BREAKING UP.
The collier Wellington arrived from
Oyster Harbor yesterday and reports
speaking the tugs Rescue and Tatoosh
sixteen miles north-northwest of Cape
Mendocino. with the log raft in tow. The
raft appeared to be going to pieces at the
bow and big logs were floating out. Should
this Immense mass of lumber go to pieces
the whales as a menace to navigation will
not be in it with the floating piles. Every
year the attempt to tow two or three mil
lion feet of lumber to San Francisco Is
made, and nine times out of ten it fails.
The raft, broken into a thousand frag
ments, is left to float around and endanger
the lives of all who travel up and down
the const. A bill to stop the towing of
these rafts was introduced into Congress
by Senator Perkins, but no action has
been taken on it so far.
WATER FRONT XOTES. .
The sloop Nada -was pillaged on Satur
day night. After the yacht race Messrs.
Whitman and Beckman went ashore at
Melggs wharf to allay their thirst. On
their return to the sloop they found she
had boen stripped, even to the cabin
doors. Wharf rats had gotten aboard and
stolen everything moveable.
Captain P. A. Johnson is going to remain
on theNoyo and the Mount Eden will not
know him for many moons to come. The
Noyo has been detained two days await
ing a locomotive that Is to be used on
one of the lumber railroads in Mendoclno
County.
San Francisco 15, Stockton 5.
Insistent Mr. Harper of Stockton was
on the Blab yesterday afternoon at Rec
reation grounds and he gave his men
an afternoon of exercise.
Sixteen hits of every description tore
up the crass of the outfield and kept
the nine Stocktonians forever after the
ball that streaked the field.
STOCKTON.
The game was settled in the second in
ning when the local team shot bIi men
over the rubber on four hits. That set
the crowd shouting and hooting, resulting
in a sublime case of "rattles" for the
curve generator from Stockton. Three
rounds removed he received a few more
staggering blows and again the air was
punctured for four hits, five of Hank's
performers stepping the light fantastic
on the home dish. Harper was bo easy
that even Iburg found him twice and
without any effort. To relieve the monot
ony there was an occasional burst of
sharp Infield work that pleased the
crowd. The wa- in which Stocktonians
v.ould bury themselves at the plate after
tome sensational bits of throwing by
Krug and Hildebrand pave Harper chills
and fever and the fanatics great glee.
Iburg didn't prove himself an unadulter
ated wonder yesterday. Eleven times, he
was swatted for safe hits, but they were
not fruitful of runs. The last four in
nings brought runs and hits for the Mill
ers. They could not see Iburg until the
sixth. Then they wreaked vengeance.
The first inninsr was a quiet, formal
party, but the second was a boisterous de
bauch. Reuben Levy started by divorc
ing himself from the running. Then the
noise and tumult began. Krug hit safely,
followed by Reilly for two bags. Iburg
died, but a passed ball scored Krug. Then
Brockhofl walked, as did Hlldebrand, and
all three sack? were packed with Hank's
Importations. This is where Harper went
wrong. He gave Schwartz four not over
and Reilly was forced home. "Brewer"
Pabst swatted the ball to right field, but
Streib dropped it. Brockhoff, Hlldebrand
and Schwarti coming in on the play. Soon
after Sullivan hit to right and Pabst. who
reached third on Streib's error, made run
the sixth. Even Levy, who was twice up
this Inning, hit the ball, but on the fake
play at second Sullivan was caught at the
plate and the boy at the bell was put to
work.
The fifth was such another inning.' Af
ter spreading themselves over the base
lines the Frisco team went to the field
with extra runs registered for Sullivan,
Levy, Krug. Brockhoff and Iburg. The
looal team took no rest even with this
lead and every* time that Stockton made
a run a like number was added to Hank's
string.
In the sixth the MUWs made their first
run. With two outs Streib reached the
initial sack on Krug*s error and third on
Lockhead's two-bagger. Then Courtney
shot a high liner to Schwartz, which went
through him. Streib and Lockhead scor
ing. Again the San Franciscos were at
the stick, scoring Levy and Krug in the
Inning.
The seventh was noteworthy for Stock
ton, because one mar. was sent over the
plate on three hits. For San Francisco
Pabst chopped a fast one along the third
base line for a home run. Both teams
scored in the eighth and Stockton In the
ninth.
This victory places San Francisco second
in the standing. The score:
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. £.
McCarthy, I. f 5 1112 0 0
McGucktn. o. t 5 0 3 0 1 0 0
Pac*. c 5 0 10 5 2 0
Str?1b, r. f 4 2 2 0 1 1 1
Lorkhead. 2b 5 1 1 0 0 S 1
Babbitt, s. 5 4 0 0 0 0 4 1
Moore, 3b 4 0 10 15 0
Courtney, lb 4 1 1 0 14 0 0
Harper, p 3 0 10 0 2 1
Totals 33 5 11 1 24 13 4
SAX FRANCISCO.-
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brr>ckhoff. c. f 5 1 0 1 0 1 0
Hildebrand. r. f 4 110 111
Schwartz. 2b 3 1 0 0 1 5 2
Pabst. lb 4 2 1 0 11 0 0
FulMvan. c 5 1 2 0 6 2 0
Levy. 1. r 5 2 8 0 10 1
Krug, 8. b 5 4 4 0 6 6 2
neilly, 2b 5 2 2 0 1 3 0
Iburg, p 5 12 0 0 0 1
Totals 41 15 16 1 27 17 7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 0 00002111—5
Bare hits 1 0 10 0 2 3 2 2—11
San Francisco 0 6 0 0 5 2 11 •— 13
Base hits 0 4 10 4 4 12 •— 16
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Harper R. Home run —
Pabrt. Two-bas* hits— Rellly «2), McGucken.
Hildebrar.d, Lookhead; Base on errors—Stock
ton 3, f-an Francisco 3. First ba?e on called
balls— Stockton 2, San Francisco a. Left on
bases— Stockton 9. San Francisco 6. Struck out
— By Iburg 2. by Harper 2. Double plays —
Harrwr to Pace to Courtney; Hildebran<] to
Sullivan. Parrel ball— Pace. Wild pitch—
I burp. T'mnire— O'Connell. Official scorer— J.
W. Star>leton.
MORNING GAME.
; Stockton 6, San Francisco 2.
SAM FRANCISCO.
Hanks strlr.g of victories was cut in
two yesterday morning on the Oakland
grounds, where Knell and Whalen were
the rival pitchers, before a fair-sized but
uncnthusiastic and learned crowd of.
Athonias.
The game was one in which the pitchers
figured largely, Whalen twirling In re
markable fashion until the ninth inning,
when the San Franclrcos found him for
two hits. Had it not been for a slice of
luck in this inning the local team would
have been Ehut out. Knell pitched the
best garae since his return to the league.
His bad inning was the eighth, when a
bunch of three "soakers" was rolled out
by the Millers and two men coursed the
bags on that account. Krug at short
played a fast game with many assists.
The score:
AB. It. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
nrwkhoft*. cf 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hildebrand. rf 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 12 0 2 10
Pabst. lb 3 0 0 0 11 0 1
Sullivan, c. 3 1 1 0 2 2 0
Levy. If 3 0 0 0 10 0
Krug. s. 8 4 0 10 4 6 1
Relllj-. Sb 4 0 0 0 13 0
Knell, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 1
Totals 31 2 4 0 27 14 3
STOCKTOX.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. If 3 1113 0 0
Mcfluckm. cf 3 1 0 0 2 0 o
Pace.'c 4 110*20
Streib, rf 4 1 10 2 0 0
I-rfx-khead. s. 8 4 0 10 2 2 2
Babbitt. :b 3 0 0 0 13 0
Moore. !b 4 10 13 3 0
Courtney, lb 3 1 0 0 11 0 0
Whalen, p 4 0 10 0 10
Tctalg 11 6 S 2 27 11 "•
RUNS AND HITS DT INNINGS.
Stooktcn 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 2 0—6
P.aM» hit? 1 0 0 0 0 0 13 0—5
Ran Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—2
Base hits 0 10 0 0 10 0 2—4
SUMMARY.
Runs .-enponFibl* for— Knell 2. Whalen 2. Two
base hite— Sullivan. Whalen. Streib, Lockhead.
Sacrifice hit— Hlldebrand. First base on errors —
Ben Francisco 2, Stockton 3. First base on
called ballF— £an Francisco 3, Stockton 5. Left
on bases— Pan Frar.clfco 5,, Stockton 4. Struck
out— By Knell 1, by Whalen 4. t)ouble play—
Knur to S?hwartz. Wild pitches— Knell I. Wha.
l^n 1. Tirn* of ten me — 1:50. Umpire — O'Conncll
OfOdal scorer— II. S. McFarland.
LOSES TO SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 5.— Oakland could
do but little with Hughes In to-day's
game. Moskiman was very effective for
the first few innings, 'giving but three
scattered hits.
.The action of Chief Borchers, when
guyed by the audience, was so vulgar
Game at Oakland Is Won by Stock
ton, but San Francisco Cap
tures Two Out of
Batted for Sixteen Hits by
Harris' Revivified
Team.
HARPER GIVES
HIS SUPPORTERS
SOME EXERCISE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA. Kas., Aug. 5.— According to
the local papers, two Kansas lovers who
have Leen courting the same girl have
wagered their mutual Fweetheart on the
result of the election. The parties to the
bet are James Bradley, Republican, and
Willis Wilkerson. Democrat. Miss Mary
Kir.kaid Is the Ptake.
The girl is said to have approved the
wager and has agreed to abide by the
result. All three interested parties reside
in Dudley Township In Western Kansas.
This is the smallest township in the coun
ty and the most thinly settled. It is the
o^ly townehip in the United State* that
gave a majority fcr Palmer and Buckner
In 1SS6. Only six votes were cast. Of
these Palmer and Buckner received three.
McKinley two and Bryan one. The same
voters still reside In the county and no
more. Bradley axd Wllkerson are two of
the six.
Bradley and Wllkerson have been pay-
Ing attentions to M!fs KinkaJd for some
time. She has treated them impartially
and divided time with them about equal
ly. Both have proposed marriage, but
neither has been accepted because Miss
KinkaJd has been unable to choose be
tween them. They met at Miss Klnkaid's
¦ home a frw days ago and Bradley sug
gested that they permit the matter to be
settled by the forthcoming election.
"That would give you too big odds,"
"WllkwBon objected. "The odds now be
ing offered on McKir.ley are about 3 to 1.
Make a proposition on some even beL
For instance, Kansas, and 1 ¦will take vou
¦up."
"¦vThy not leave it to Dudley Tovra
•Efclp?" Miss KirkP.Id suggested. "If the
township goes Republican 1 will marry
Mr Bradley; if It goes the other way I
will accept Mr. Wilkerson."
This suggestion -was adopted and a com
pact was made. Miss Kinkaid agreeing to
abide by the result. Both men. it is said,
are now out making a vigorous campaign
of the township. Bradley has an advan
tage of one vote to begin with. As there
is no gold Democratic ticket in the field
this year the three Gold Democrats will
decide the b<?L Wllkerson must pet all
three }n order to win, while Bradley ran
make It a tie by simply getting one of
these votes. In the event of a tie Miss
Kinkaid will decide the matter, announc
ing her decision the day following the
election.
The idea of this bet was probably sug
gested by a similar bet made In Kansas
u few days ago in which J. D. Johnson
wagered his daughter on the election of
UcKinley with James Howard, a Demo
crat, who If anxious to marry her and
•who took the Bryan end of the bet.
The Fate of McKinley and Bryan
at the Polls to Determine
Whom Miss Klnkaid
Shall Wed.
Novel Mode of Rival Suitors
to Win the Heart of a
Young Woman.
II SWEETHEART
THE STAKE OF
ELECTION BET
Captain Cane's Greenhall set a fast
pace In the second round of the open
stake at San Mateo Park yesterday and
kept up his winning gait until he had dis
posed of all his opponents, from tne
first slip Greenhall showed fine condition
and in every course ran with great snap.
When he reached the final Greeenhall was
still fresh and lull of speed, his previous
courses seemingly not telling much
against him. This was due to a great ex
tent to his own efforts, Greenhall treat
ing all his opponents alike by putting
thm out of the running in short time.
Kellogg's Kid McCoy was the first dog
to fall a victim to 1 Greenhall's determin
ation to make the final In quick order.
Then Warship, who showed well in the
second round, beating Kegina K, a I to 1
favorite, lost his chances In the stake
to Greenhall. who beat him out without
a point. Olita fared as badly as War
ship. The stake winner got to the front
and when the flag was raised OUto had
not scored. Re-Annex up to the nitn
round had showed considerable speed and
had beaten fast ones in good courses.
Greenhall. however, took his measure, al
lowing him to score two points against
six. Tea Rose, the runner-up, did some
good coursing and put up a hard race In
the final, but Greenhall was in shape to
give the fastest of them an argument and
the best Tea Rose could do was to take
second money.
For Glory In her fast go was beaten
by Mose in a hard race. Mose looked a
likely candidate for honors for a while.
He won a grueling course with Harlean.
Gladys In the third round, but the sever*
work told on him and he was withdrawn.
In the course of St. Helen and Craig
Boy in the second round the hare
reached the escape before the dogs could
score. Craig lioy Jumped the fence and
stirred up a batch of 200 hares. No kill
was scored among the bunch as Craig:
Boy could not determine which one of
the jacks to start for. The hound was
caught and his pleasant dream, was
ended.
The day's results, with Judge Andrew
Dean's official scores, follow:
Open stake, gecond round— A. Johnson's Low
lander beat .1. P. Thrift's Forget. 8-5: Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal beat James Dean's Gal
lant. 14-6; T. J. Mclnerney's Norah beat Lowe
& Thompson's Little Fullerton. 6-4; T. Tler
ney's Tea Rose beat W\ C. Glasson's Sleigh
Bells, 5-2; H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat
J. Buttons Mayflower. 11-S: J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael beat J. Morlarlty's Snapper Garrison.
6-4: Ii. Hllver's lie-Annex beat T. J. Cronln's
Wild Tralee. 5-1: F. Schou's King's Borderer
beat Aeneld Kennels' Aenea*. 8-6; P. McCabe's
Craig Hoy beat Connell Brothers' St. Helen.
6-4; Captain Cane's Master Davenport beat
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Masrlc, l«-5; R. L.
Taylor's Mose beat Sterl & Knowles' For Glory,
10-6; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat O'Shea
Brothers' Golden Rule. 6-4: E. M. Kellorg's
Sweet Emma beat E. D. Fallon's Lily of the
West 6-0; H. Lynch'* Lexington beat G. W.
Heintz's High Jinks. 9-2; Captain Canes Green
hall beat E. M. Kellogg* s Kid McCoy. 3-1; P.
J. Rellly's Warship beat T. J. Mclnerney'u
Reglna R. S-5; L. F. Bartels* Best Bargain
beat J. Byrnes' Battleship, 22-0; Sterl &
Knowles' O'Hara beat P. M.' Clarkson's Head
water, 6-0; Sterl & Knowles* Ollta beat J. J.
Edmonds' Morning Glory. 8-1; J. L. Ross* J L»
R beat D. Shannon's Safeguard, 8-!.
Third round— Forget beat Prince Hal. 13-8:
Tea Rose beat Norah, 4-2; St. Michael beat
Lawrence. 4-2: Re-Annex beat King's Borderer,
B-0; Master Davenport a bye; Mose beat Har
lean Gladys. 19-7; Sweet Emma beat Lexington.
13-4; Greenhall beat Warship. 5-0; O'Hara beat
Best Bargain, «-4: Oltta beat J L R. S-3.
Fourth round— Tea Rose beat Forget. 6-0; Re-
Annex beat St. Michael, S-2; Master Daven
port a bye; O'Hara beat Sweet Emma, 12-7;
Greenhall beat Ollta, 6-0.
Fifth round— Tea Rose beat Master Daven
port, 5-0; Greenhall beat Re-Annex, 6-2; O'Hara.
* Sixth round— Tea Rose beat O'Hara, 5-0;
Greenhall a bye.
Deciding course— Greenhall beat Tea Rose,
10-5.
Beats Tea Rose in the Final
Round at San Mateo
Park.
Mose Beat For Glory in the Second
Round, but Severe Coursing
Forces Him Out of
' the Game. .
GREENHALL HAS
THE SPEED OVER
HIS OPPONENTS
TRANSPORT CLAIMS SALVAGE
WHILE COLLIER ASKS DAMAGES
Interesting Complication Growing Out
of the Collision Between Belgian
King and Tellus.
Big Log Raft in Tow of the Rescue and
Tatoosh Going to Pieces Off
Cape Mendocino.
of Darkness.
Outlaws Surrounded by a Posse and
After a Sharp Fight Manage to
Escape Under Cover
PAULS VALLEY, Iowa. Aug. 5.— A3 a
result of a pitched battle with moonshin
ers near Johnson, twenty miles from
Pauls Valley, one Deputy Marshal was
wounded slightly and another, Schrlmp
ser. of Pauls Valley la missing.
The outlaws escaped In the darkness.
It is believed Schrlmpser followed the
band and was killed. Reinforcements
were sent from here to-day. The outlaws
are part of a band that was raided near
Centre a few days ago. when live of Its
members, together with a still and a quan
tity of liquor were taken. The leader,
named Tice, a veteran Arkansas distiller,
and other members of the gang escaped.
After four days' pursuit they were lo
cated by a posse of deputies In a deep ra
vine near Johnson. A demand to surren
der was answered with a volley of bullets,
and shots were exchanged for over an
hour. The deputies, surrounded the out
laws' position to await daylight, but the
latter escaped during the night.
FATAL FEUD IN MISSOX7BL
Dooleys and Harrises Exchange Shots
and Four Are Killed.
FARMINGTON", Mo., Aus. 5.— Four men
were killed and one fatally wounded In a
shootlne affair between "William Dooley
and his four sons on one side and the four
Harris brothers on the other at Doe Run.
one of the mining: towns of St. Francois
County, as the result of a feud. "William
Dooley, "Wess Harris. James Harris and
John Dooley were killed. Frank Har
ris was fatally wounded and Mary LJt
trell, a young girl, was struck Just above
the ankle with a rifle ball.
A few days ago the Harris boys sent
word to the Dooleys that they would be at
a picnic at Doe Run and Intended to run
the Dooleys off the grounds. Just how
the shootlne began Is not clear. All the
Harris boys except one. BUI, were shot.
On« -was killed Instantly.
Three of the Dooley boys, who were un
hurt, came to Farmington and gave them
selves up. They are in jail.
Iowa Deputy Marshal Miss
ing and Was Probably
Killed.
WOUNDED IN
A BUTTLE WITH
MOONSHINERS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 6, 1900,
•was on her way to Puget Sound to load
supplies for Manila. The Tellus was
bound here from Oyster Harbor with a
load of coal for Dunsmulr & Sons. Off the
coast of Mendoclno the two steamers col
lided and the Tellus was almost cut in
two. Luckily her water ti^ht compart
ments held, but the crew thinking: the ves
sel was Kotng down deserted her tn a body
and took refuge on the Belgian Kin?.
Finding that the Tellus showed no signs
of. settling the captain of the Belgian
Klr.R put a line aboard and took her in
tow. Next morning the crew of the Tel
lus went aboard again, steam was
once more generated and both vessels
reached port.
Twenty-four hours after the two vessels
reached port the owners of the Belgian
6
A Kansas man has struck a new way
ot Kettlng a living. . He has a flock of 600
turkeys, which, In consideration of board
for himself, he moves from one farm to
another, where they clean up the grass-
hoppers with which the farms of that sec-
tion are infested.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
©T/\TE7V\EIN*r
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OT THE —
PHOENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. KNGLAND, ON THE HST
day ot December, A. D. 1S99. and for tin
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State ot Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ....$2,223,300 00
1 Cash tn Company's Office 310 23
i Cash In Banks 45.7U 23
Interest due and accrued on alt
Stocks and Loans 23.103 CO
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages, cash tn hands of
United Btates Trustees 373,377 33*
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 157,143 75
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks ISO 04
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 8.567 79
Total Assets .C83S.n5 Z»
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $75,735 to
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. H.03O 09
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, 11,517.352 86;
reinsurance 50 per cent 758,771 Q
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. J1.282.-
741 21; reinsurance pro rata 734,334 SS
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. —^ ¦
eto 13v440 39
All other demands against the Com-
pany 800.880 83
Total Liabilities .32,025.177 07
INCOMK. ~ ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums VVi'-Vi""i ** ' M
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 93,843 51
Received from all other sources «94 7»
Total Income .$2.369.833 84
EXPENDITURES.
Vet amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
vlous years) •• J1.491.C4 T\
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •••• TO.33S M
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks etc.. ., 123.53183
raid for State. National and Local
(.«•¦ ........••*••-.••••••••••*•••••••• v9 ( 530 94
All other payments and expenditures 431.53) 94
Total Expenditures S2.S34.607 IS
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year...tl.546.735 S3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year" .••¦¦- J380.134.334 J3.U2.K3 C5 "
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 363.186.167 2.363.049 33
Net ajuount in force
December 31. 1«P... 231.732.237 2.73O.2JH 20
~~ A. D. IRVINO.
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 1st
day ot February. IWO.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
BUTLER & HALDAN,
Gtneral Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. - -
Cair.erae. photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. . Printing and developing
done in the latest styles. Sacborn, Vail
& Co., 711 Market street. •The play of the week at the Columbia
Theater Is the favorite "Heartsease," with
Henry Miller in the role of Eric Temple,
and the rest of the clever company In
grateful parts. To-nlBht sees the fiftieth
f>erformance of the Miller season, which
s rapidly drawing to a close, and the box
office accounts indicate a jubilee first
night on the occasion and also a crowded
houee for the whole week. "The Ad
venture of Lady Ursula" will be revived
next week.
Tho Alcazar by special request will re-
The fourth Burton Holmes lecture will
be plven on Thursday afternoon at the
Columbia Theater with the "Grand Can
yon of the Colorado" as the subject. It
will probably prove the most Interesting
and beautiful lecture of this Interesting
Beiies. and it Is said -to be magnificently
Illustrated.
ODD FELLOWS ELECT NEW
OFFICERS FOR THE TERM
rlson, B Wilson, M. E. Gale, A. W.
Youngman. E. S. Warner, W. W. Wright
and J. M. Judd, Sacramento; A. C. Bates,
E. Eskelson, F. K. Barthel, Robert A.
Lee, B. L. E. Bache. James Tralll. Hy
B. Fisher and W. J. Huff, San Jose;
George F. Roesch, J. W. Willy, J. A.
Sanford, James M. Williams, G, E. Bar
tholomew, W.' ±1. Woodbriaere, I. H.\-.ob-
Inson and B. F. Goode, Stockton. *
There were also present Past Grand
Master Karl C. Breuck, Grand Master
W..W. Watson, Past Presidents W. A. S.
Nicholson, L. IX Kemey, H. H. Dobbins
and G. A, Clark.
The reports read showed that during
the preceding six months 2S3 cases were
attended to by the committee, relief be
ing afforded in each case. : The disburse
ments for relief from the general fund
amounted to $10,081 and from the friend
ship fund $330 50. Tr^. running expenses
were $330. .. - • -
The following officers were elected for
the current term: Mark Neumann of Sar
gent Lodge, president; J.H. Breckwoldt
of Hermann Lodge, vice president: J. F.
, Nichols, secretary (re-electod); H. F. Neu
naber, treasurer (re-elected). C. V. North
rup, nominated for president, and J. J.
for vice president, declined on
the ground that they did not desire to
have uny contests for office. . .
Mr. Applegate, on behalf of the commit
tee, presented to F. L. Turpin. the retir
ing president, who had refused any pres
ent In 'recognition of duties. performed, a
set of artistically ¦ engrossed resolutions
of appreciation and esteem. These were
signed by J. J. Applegate. W. B. Curtis,
E. K. : Hountree. John Erickson. John
Kuehn.'LouIs Kragen and T. P. Jarvls.
The committee ¦ and visitors were : then
photographed in a group, after, which
there s was?a banquet, where the best of
fraternal -feeling prevailed. W. B. Curtis
was toastmaster and, while there were no
set speeches, there were addresses by Dr
Neumann. J. II. Breckwoldt. : Karl c.
Breuck. P.^ G. M.; D/ J. Mannlx, James
Traill : G. F. Roesch, P. G. P.; A. 6 Bates
G. K. Bartholomew; .W. W. Watson, O.'M.*
Louis Kragen, L. L. Remey, W, A. S.
Nicholson, 4 John* H. Gray, -Ernest C
Stock. J. J. Appleerate. A. K. Klnnsford,
J. F. Nichols and H. H. Dobbins, i
JEFF DAVIS.
at once withdrew and was followed by a
majority of the members from six other
Southern States. The remainder proceed
ed to ballot for candidates. Had the ma
jority rule prevailed Douglas would have
been quickly successful, but fifty-seven
ballots having failed to make a choice un
der the two-thirds rule the convention ad
journed to meet again in Baltimore in
June.
The other faction of the convention also
organized, adopted a platform and ad
journed to meet at Richmond, Va. t In
June. "The party is split forever." said
Alexander H. Stephens. "In less than
twelve months we shall be in a war, and
that the bloodiest In history."
The Constitutional Union Convention.
Before the double-headed Democratic
convention met again to complete its la
labors an effort to save the Union was
made by an assembly of delegates from
the remnants of the old Whig and Amer
ican parties. They gathered at Baltimore
from both sections of the country and
adopted a platform upon which they be
lieved that all who loved their country
would be able to stand. It declared for
the constitution, for the Union, for the
enforcement of the laws as the sole po
litical principles required to carry the na
tion through the alarming exigency.
Feeble as seemed at. the moment, in
the midst of the storm and stress which
racked the land, the utterances of the
mild, conservative, venerable but truly
patriotic gentlemen composing the con
vention, the movement was, after all. of
real value as a restraining force through
the exciting campaign of the autumn.
John Bell of Tennessee, an "American,"
and Edward Everett, an eminent Massa
chusetts Whig, were the nominees.
The Republican Convention.
On the 16th of Way the Republicans
opened their convention In Chicago, with
the author of the historic Wllmot nro
vtso as temporary chairman. There were
4G6 delegates; six slave States were repre
sented.
The platform reasserted the princlnlea
of the declaration of independence: eulo
gized the Union; exalted the rights o*
the Stages: denounced the John Brown
invasion; denounced the existing admin
istration for the attempted Lecompton
fraud: deprecated tha re-establlshsient of
the slave trade: exposed the deceptive
and fraudulent doctrine of popular sover
eignty; denied the' existence of any au
thority whatsoever which could make
slavery legal in any Territory; demanded
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,
C H LeKgett, Merced
F Jackson & w, Cal
G T Seal. Phlla
Mm Morris, Woodland
C A Brady & w, Cal
8 McDowell. Chicago
A M Camel. Palo Alto
A J Lawson. Lodl
MlJ-s Stovell. Cal
J M Stovell. Cal
A McColloush. L Anc
Mrs H Hill, Japan
M E Hostetter. Cal
A P Shepherd. Fresno
F Foy Jr, Sacto
W Koppell, Sacto
A G Whlpple. Sacto
K M Whtpple. Decoto
W Rudolph. Oakland
C II Warford, Vallejo
H A French, Sacto
F L Thoma3. S Jose
E L Wllholt. Stockton
R J Vlckery. U S N
H Pollock. Portland
J Kelly, Oakland
F Bicknor«. Oakland
H M Payne. S S O
H C Beisn, S:>rinjrfleld
W Hennlng, Portland
J C Duffy. Sacto
C Becker. S Jose
O W Zartman, Tulare
S P Mulford. L. Ann
S F Bruener & w. Sac
A K Goodwin, L An*
C C Whltcomb. Maine
J C Ells. Dayton
D Patten, Napa,
Mr Hurney & w. Valjo
W Johnston & w, 8 J
J J McSorley, Cal
R Blaxland, Sydney
Mrs Brcson. L A rut
H Barrlstcin, Houston
J W Gable. Fresno
C A Vogt, Chicago
Miss Rantz, S ltosa
J Jackson. S Rosa
J C Ruddick. Uklah
E Twltchell. Sacto
W R Klnney. Chicago
A M Mixer, Courtland
J Gardiner. R Vista
Miss E Eckstrom, L. A
Edna Eckstrom, L A
S Eck&trom. L Ang
A O Weston. L» Ang
A Finkner. Ft Jones
W Ii Moody. Gllroy
T Reran. Idaho
W Recan, Idaho
J Regan, Idaho
J N Grejrgr, He<> Bluff
P W Johnson, S Diego
S D Phillips, Seattle
J C Daly £ f, Chlco
A Rel-elman * w. Mil
Mrs Pfeifer. Norfolk
D need & d. S Dlezo
J Wallace & w, Napa
H Peterson & w, Fres
A Katnp, Fresno
Dr Lel^ande, I> Ang
S N Wood. Seattle
J Sehevcnbur. Alaska.
T Westley. Seattle
A Mansfield, Whatcom
E F Barnnard, Cal -
rALACE HOTEL.
A Flegeltaub, England
A B*llinnan, Mllwauk
A Selipman A w. Wli
F H Buck, Vaeavllle
C Faulkner & w, WVa
Mrs E Alenscut, LsAn
Missen Alenscut.LsAng
Mi»» Thompson. Berk
W A Breroer. Berkeley
C H Froet. Coalinga
6 Dannenbaum Jr, Cal
Hon S French. London,
1> B Green. Los Angr
a B Dlckenson, N Y
A W Hornbeck, N J
J W I^szynsky. N Y
O W Blrnbaum. N Yl
3 D Clark. Chlea&o
T L. Moore, NT
C D Willard. Los Ang
II Leon, San Jose
J W Btraum. Nevada
F Lincoln, NY
C J Kipp. Newark
Dr A B Wood. Stocktn
W B Jerome. Chicago
J E Kreler, Mt Hamltn
A Moore, Boston
II W Flnlay, Vancouvr
L. II Wilbur. Cal
Ml«8 E Wilbur, Cal
Miss E Wilbur. Col
Mra F Haney. Mo
B S Haney. Mo
C T French, Tenn
J Blark, B C
O F Hensner, Portland
A H Stewart. D C
B A I^oeffler. D C
AW, Tinker. Cal
K F Gaskam, London
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
r O Hangen. Iowa
O W Ward. Concord
E Nelson, Fresno
C Buck, Stockton
A Bruce, Chicago
H B Todlson. Iowa
J A Cringbly. Boston
T Smith, Bacto •
AHutchinson. Stock tn
Capt Nelson, Colusa I
E A Warner, Mare Isldi
G D King. Mare laid
A Balchla & w, Portld
Mrs Dodson, Jledding
A C Harper &. t, Iowa
J Johnson, ¦¦ Saeto
H L Dort. .Cincinnati
H F 1 Nix & w, Sacto
A H Smith &\r, Colo
B K Roblnett. Mo
W Drew, St Louis
To Secure Fair Primary.
A conference of Democrats of the Thir
ty-ninth and Thirty-first Assembly Dis
tricts was held last evening at Tammany
Hall for the purpose of taking action to
ward combining with other clubs and con
ferring with the Democratic .State Cen
tral Committee relative to securing a fair
primary.
The meeting was presided over by John
Heenan and Jesse A. Gallard acted as
secretary. A resolution was passed "that
the State Committee appoint as primary
officers those gentiemen who have al
ready been selected by the Election Com
missioners to act as officials to conduct
the Democratic primaries, for the selec
tion of delegates, arid all voting shall be
from the Great Register." This resolu
tion was carried unanimously and a com
mittee of four was appointed to confer
with the other clubs.
PREPARING TRIBUTE
TO FRANK McGLYNN
i*pHE many fronds of Frar.k McGlynn
\. have plarmV* ior him a testimonial
J which will 5>' tfi-dered to h!m on tho
r.lRht of raPtiB 9 -it Native Eons'
HalL The yoiry'ffiin is deservedly pop
t!ar, and as '-.<» : .mie on many occasions
piven his tJmc ard h^s talent to worthy
causes there 1* a-,* Ks*wrance that the re
fr>ons« to him «-! i be Jer.erous.
Prominent rtr-nrbr-r* of the dramatic
profession will aretst Mr. McGlynn. who
•will appear ia v dramatic portion cf
the evening's p«eramm<-. "Drifted
Apart" and ui adaptation of "The Old
Guard" will be the principal dramatic
features. They viH be Interspersed with
cntertainins- raufcica!. comedy and vaude
ville selections.
The crganiziticiis with which Mr. Mc-
Glynn was associated ir. former years
ere taking a lively Interest In the affair,
which will n» 6OUbx be quite a social
Frank McGl.-n^ 1» held in high esteem
t<y all who kncrwhSm. and his friends will
eccord him a r«»len<Iid demonstration of
their appreciation of his rapid strides in
the dramatic t.-Jid asd of their loyalty and
pood will.
Row in a Tivoli Box.'
A lively row took place in a box at the
Tivoli last night which ended in Dr. D. J.
Williams and a soldier named Richard
Durback being arrested charged with dis
turbing the peace. William D. Griffin,
statistician of the local Health Board, was
seated in the box with a lady when Dr.
Williams and Durback entered. The lat
ter was smoking a cigar. Griffln re
quested him to extinguish it. Durback
replied bluntly that he wouldn't. A row
ensued which resulted in Griffin having
Williams and Durback arrested.
Brings Number of Refugees Who
Flee From Reign of Terror
in China.
The United States transport Logan,
from the Orient, steamed into port early
this morning and dropped her anchor off
Angel Island. ¦'.'' ¦ "'¦
The Logan is two days overdue. She
is reported to have on board several
Chinese refugees, who have sought shel
ter here from the troubles in China. The
transport proceeded immediately into
quarantine.
TRANSPORT LOGAN, TWO
DAYS OVERDUE, ARRIVES
Douglas delegates from Louisiana and
Alabama whose representatives had with
drawn at Charleston. The decisions of
the convention upon these and other mat
ters concerning credentials offended cer
tain of the States, and Virginia. North
Carolina. Tennessee. Kentucky and M£*rv
land seceded. Caleb Cushing. the presid
ing officer, resigned his post to join tho
disaffected faction. But the remainder of
the nominating body was not even yet
united. The convention had met to nomi
nate Douglas, and it seemed that it
might not be able to overcome the opposi
tion to him. Douglas, seeing the difficulty,
wrote an earnest, sincere and manly let
ter, begging the convention to sacrifice
his candidacy if the interests of the party
and the Union required it. The letter was
suppressed, and Douglas, having: finally
received all but thirteen votes of the re
duced convention, was declared Its candi
date under the two-thirds rule. Herschel
v . Johnson of Georgia was nominated for
\ ice President.
The seceders from the Baltimore con
vention, having been joined by many of
those from the Charleston convention,
proceeded to organize, adopted a pro
slavery platform and nominated John C.
Breckinridsre of Kentucky and Joseph
Lane of Oregon.
The Richmond Convention.
The Southern fragment of the Charles
ton convention, having awaited the action
? £ the 0fl Dou Jf las wlr *- met 'n Richmond
June 26. They put forth an extreme
Southern platform and indorsed the nomi
nees of the Baltimore seceders.
The Election.
The four Presidential tickets having
been fully launched, the most memorable
campaign of our history was inaugurated
One sole question was involved. It was a
fight for union or disunion. In the North
though many votes were cast for Breck
inrldge and Bell, the real contest was be
tween Lincoln and Douglas. Breckinridgo
represented the secession element; but
many who voted for him were Union men
The South cast more than 500,000 votes for
Bell and over 160,000 for Douglas, while
Lincoln received 26,430. There was far
from being any overwhelming secession
sentiment in the slave States. Breckin
ridge. as the only candidate appealing to
that sentiment, lacked 135.037 of a major
ity in the slave States. Douglas received
a large popular vote throughout the coun
try—second only to that of Lincoln— but
actually carried only the single State of
Missouri.
A strong effort was made in the North,
and especially In New York, to fuse all
the elements of opposition and effect the
defeat of Lincoln. But in spite of politi
cal scheming every free State, New Jer
sey alone excepted. gave overwhelming
Republican majorities. "Insuring Lincoln
ISO Eleotoral votes. Douglas gained only
12 Electoral votes, Bell 33 and Breckln
ridge 72.
The election was an unusually quiet one.
No disturbance occurred at the polls.
Voters were oppressed with a sense of
the seriousness, the solemnity of the cri
sis and the momentous results to be ex
pected from their choice. There was no
possible question as to the decision at the
ballot box. The vote had been fair and
honest, and Lincoln was the chotce of
the people over any other candidate. He
had not. Indeed, a majority of Uie pop
ular vote, but he had three times the
votes of Bell, more than double those of
Brecklnridge and 566.036 more than Doug
las. The North was now at last united
and determined and calmly faced the an
gry South, waiting for the next move
upon the gigantic chessboard. For weeks
before the election the Southern newspa
pers had constantly proclaimed that se
cession would follow a "black Repub
lican" triumph. . Now we should see*
whether this -was but ante-election blus
ter. It was clear that many of the South
ern leaders shrank from the responsibility
of the fatal step. Earnest lovers of their
country as well as of their States. Uka
Alexander H. Stephens, strove with all
the energy of their being to stem the ris
ing torrent of disloyalty. Fiery South
Carolina, so long indoctrinated by her
great Calhonn, was first to act. She
passed an ordinance of secession Decem
ber 20. and five of tho other cotton States
followed during the month of January.
1S61. Southern members of the Cabinet re
signed to cast In their lot with their own
people. Before President Lincoln had
taken his inauguration oath the new Gov
ernment of the Confederate States of
America had been set up at Montgomery,
Ala., with Jefferson Davis. President;
Alexander H. Stephens. VIce-President.
Iowa College.
balloting the convention adopted the two
thirds rule for nominations and formu
lated a platform.
The ., thirty-three members of the com
mittee on resolutions (one from each
State) were from the first irreconcilably
divided as adherents of Douglas or of
Jefferson Davis. A previous caucus of the
Southern members had committed them
to the position taken by Davis in his Sen
ate resolutions. On the fifth day a divided
report was made. A bare majority report
ed a platform declaring that neither Con
gress nor any Territorial Legislature
could legislate In any manner whatever
detrimental to the rteht of property In
slaves; and that the Federal Government
was bound to protect that right on Fed
eral territory-
Sixteen members of the committee pre
sented a minority report which upheld the
principle of popular sovereignty and
Pledged the party to support the Dred
cott decision or any future declarations
of the Supreme Court respecting the
rights of property In any part of the
Union. Both reports professed to stand by
the Cincinnati platform, upon which
Buchanan was nominated In 1S56; both de
manded the annexation of Cuba and the
support of the fugitive slave law.
After an exciting discussion, in which
the ablest and most eloquent members
from the two sections made earnest and
impressive speeches, the convention
adopted the minority report of the Doug
las faction by a vote of 165 to 12S, twelve
members from slave States voting with
the majority. The Alabama delegation
vive "The Country Girl" this week with
Florence Roberts and White Whittlesey.
The new programme at Fischer's Con
cert House will include Ray and Owen
Ogden, assisted by Bertha Foltz, in
their original sketch "The Right Stock
ing;" Bertha Adams, soprano; Eudora
Forde. mezzo soprano; Jeanettc I^ewls,
comedienne; Herbert Medley, barytone,
and changes In the moving pictures.
"HEALING POWER OF
THOUGHT" HIS THEME
MRS. ROBERT L. KELLY (NEE CALLAHAT*).
OAKLAND, Aug. 5.— News of the wedding at Stockton of Miss Nellie
Callahan of this city and Captain Robert L. Kelly, a well-known steam
ship man, has been made public, much to the surorise of even the
Oakland relatives of the young lady. The first intimation of the mar
riage was given by the charming young bride, when, after a month had
passed, she returned to this city with her husband and introduced him in
his new relation to her family.
Miss Callahan, the young lady, left her home at Twenty-third and
West streets ostensibly to visit friends at Stockton. There she met Cap
tain Kelly, to whom she had been engaged for several months, and the wed
ding was so quietly celebrated that it remained for their personal announce
ment to Inform the relatives and friends here. Mrs. Kellv does not admit
there was an elcpement. Her relatives, however, were so greatly surprised
that they were inclined to believe the young woman had romantic ideas
concerning marriage.
The bride is a member of a pioneer family of this city. She Is a sister of
Mrs. Lea Andrews, who resides at 838 Isabella street. The happy husband
was for many years connected with San Joaquln River navigation. He has re
cently taken a position on one of the China mail steamers.
Charles F. Burgman Lectures Before
First Mental Science Temple
at Golden Gate Hall.
Two interesting lectures were delivered
yesterday in Golden Gate Hall by Charles
F. Burgman before the First Mental Sci
ence Temple of this city. Mr. Burgman
is secretary of the home organization of
mental science at Sea Breeze, Florida,
and is touring the United States in the in
terest of that cult. His lecture in the
evening was on the subject, "Chemistry
of the Emotions, or the Healing Power of
Thought. " Mr. Burgman held that the
mind trained to a knowledge of its own
power can cure every form of disease and
that the potency of right thinking has
never been measured.
"There are divine, attributes," concluded
Mr. Burgman, "from higher realms en
tering into it that are of themselves so
elevating and ennobling and so positive to
the lower conditions wherein disease and
misfortune and inharmony lurk that there
is nothing too great to expect from a con
tact with it. This is true to such an ex
tent that people in all walks of life are
putting their strongest faith in It and ad
vocating its efficacy above that of all
other systems of healing."
The lecture was illustrated with fine
stereopticon views of Sea Breeze, the
home of Helen Wilmas (Colonel C. C.
Post), the great apostle of mental sci
ence. In the morning Mr. Burgman gave
an interesting, discourse on "Mental Evo
lution." Musical selections were rendered
under the direction of Mrs. Marriner-
Campbell by Mrs. ' Louise Wright Mc-
Clure, Miss Margaret Magulre, Miss Edna
Smart and Mrs. W. J. Batchelder. '
James Purcell, a recently discharged
private of Company D, Eighth Infantry,
was found dead in his .room at the Ahl
bon Hotel. 319 Grant avenue, yesterday
morning. Purcell rented the room Satur
day night. He handed the landlord an
envelope containing a Philippine dollar,
with the request that if anything hap
pened to him it be sent to Brooklyn, N.
Y. On the table in the room were found
some empty bottles, one of them contain
ing traces of morphine. The Morgue offi
cials think Purcell committed suicide.
Former Soldier Commits Suicide.
A solemn requiem mass for the repose
of the soul of Peter Grant of Dufftown,
Scotland, will be held to-morrow at 9
o'clock in St. Peter's Church, Twenty
fourth and Alabama streets. The de
ceased was the father of the Rev. James
Grant of St. Peter's and was well known
in his native country-
Requiem Mass at St. Peter's.
Secretary Hay 111.
BOSTON, Aug. 5.— A special to the
Journal from Sunapee, N. H., says that
Secretary of State Hay is ill, suffering
from nervous exhaustion, due to his ardu
ous labors at Washington.
WILLIE VANDERBILT HAS .
A' VERY NARROW ESCAPE
Riding -in His Locomobile With His
Wife He Collides With a Team
of Horses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEWPORT. Aug. 5.— Mr. and Mrs. "Wil
lie K. Vanderbllt Jr. had a narrow escape
from death last evening. They were re
turning home in their locomobile and were
riding at a good gait down Bellevue ave
nue. At the end o< the avenue is a sharp
turn. Mr. Vandhrbilt veered quickly
around the corner and ran upon a fash
ionable turnout drawn by a sparr of high
steppers. It looked as though a collision
were inevitable, but Mr. Vanderbilt
brought the machine to a sudden stand
still. At the same time the horses reared
up.' pawing the air excitedly. The driver
saw that he must keep the horses in the
air until Mr. Vanderbilt could back out
from under them.
Mr. Vanderbilt soon had the machine
at a safe distance, but none too soon, as
he had hardly got from under the horses
when they came to earth. Mrs. Vander
bilt fainted, but was taken to a cottage
and soon revived.
IMPORTANT CONCESSION
FOR AMERICAN FRUITS
New Commercial Treaty With Ger
many Removes the Inspection
for San Jose Scale.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 5.— American fruit
growers obtain an important concession
in the new commercial agreement between
the United States and Germany. The lat
ter annuls tho regulations providing that
dried and evaporated fruits imported from
the United States be inspected on account
of the San Jose scale and agrees that
such fruits shall be admitted without
other charges than the regular customs
duty.
This is regarded as a practical admission
by the German Government that the or
iginal restrictions placed upon the Amer
ican fruits were really nothing more than
deliberate discrimination.
MAY HAVE BEEN CASE
OF MUTUAL SUICIDE
Philadelphia Man and Wife Found
Dead With Bullets in Their
Bodies.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 5.— Robert W.
Sinclair, aged 51 years, a fruit commis
sion merchant of this city, with his wife.
Annie, aged 32, were found oead last night
with a bullet hole in the head of each in
the garden in front of their summer
home at Green Tree station, near this
city. Whether it was a case of mutual
suicide, or murder with suicide, will prob
ably never be known.
Will Round Up Crooks.
ST. PAUL, Aug. 5.— Governor Lind
has ordered the Sheriff of St. Louis
County, at Duluth, to use the militia if
necessary to arrest a gang of crooks fol
lowing a circus and who brutally beat
Sheriff Alexander and one of his depu
ties at Cass Lake, Minn., while the officers
were attempting to arrest members of the
gang for alleged offenses committed at
Park Rapids.
The Charleston Convention.
The national Democratic nominating
convention met in April at Charleston, S.
C:, every State in the Lnlon sending dele
gates. It was the tlrst of the great parts
gatherings of this fateful year; and for
the first time a Presidential convention
was held in the far South and in a State
where slavery had developed a predomin
ating influence over all other elements in
social, political and industrial life. In
Charleston there existed at that time more
of the spirit cf .aristocratic arrogance
than was seen in any other city of the
land. Northern delegates to the conven
tion, most of whom were brought for the
first time into close contact with Southern
society, and especially with the most cher
ished Southern Institution, were deeply
affected by what they saw; while the
treatment which they received from the
rich and haughty Carolinians In their own
home showed them how little there was
in common between Northern and South
ern Democrats.
The 600 delegates represented the best
elements in tha party. They were men of
Intelligence and of high standing in their
several States and they deeply felt the
seriousness of the crisis and the import
ance of the action which they were about
to take. Caleb Cushing of Massachusetts
presided and before proceeding to the
ti.e admission of Kansa3, the adoption of
a protective policy (thin secured tha ad
herence of .Pennsylvania) and the passage
of a homestead law, while any change in
the naturalizatoin laws was opposed. The
omissions of the platform, as well aa Its
declarations, were aignlflcant and politic,
and It was adopted amid great enthusi
asm. Seward was the most prominent of
the party lrndera, and It was believed
that he would be nominated on the first
ballot. But Seward whs a man of too
pronounced views and too determined
character not to have made enemies.
There was a stron undercurrent of op
position to hia candidacy, though it seem
ed unlikely that the various elements in
that opposition could agree upon a rep
resentative; but the fourth ballot made
Abraham Lincoln the nominee of the con
vention for President, with Hannibal
Hamlln of Maine for Vice President.
The Douglas Democrats held their ad
journed convention June IS. There was
wrangling over the composition of the
body— over the seating of certain dele
gates who had been among the seceder3
at Charleston and over the admission of
There ¦was dissatisfaction -with this re
sult. The Ka?tern States were disap
pointed; the Abolitionists were grifwed.
But the Middle Western States and Penn
sylvania, by which Seward was particu
larly detested, were jubilant. All saw
that this was no time for party defec
tions upon personal or minor issues, and
the Republican fampaign was speedily
organized and urged on with a united and
victorious energy which was constantly
stimulated by the progress of events.
Baltimore Democratic Convention.
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
AMERICAN POLITICAL F»ARTIES.
THE CAMPAIGN OF 1860.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Nebr., Aug. 5.— From all
sources come reports of unprecedented
prosperity throughout the Middle West.
Farmers are selling their hogs at i% cents,
whereas, four years ago they could get
but ZVz cents, and the high prtce3 of wheat
and cattle that have prevailed for two
or three years are enabling the farmers of
Nebraska and South Dakota to pay their
debts and to accumulate money. Rail
road agents report that there are more
pianos and fine top buggies being pur
chased by farmers this summer than ever
before in the history of the State. The
jobbing houses of Lincoln, Omaha and
Sioux City which sell the bulk of goods
between the Kansas line and the Black
Hill3 report an enormous Increase cf
sales. There has been all the way from
40 to 100 per cent increase in the volume
of trade, with collections all that could be
desired. One house, wholesale hardware,
has established two branch houses during
the last three years and all are growing
rapidly. The Union Pacific Railway has
sold more land during the last two years
than for fifteen years previously and Wy
oming sheep men aretiow negotiating for
a million acres in the Red Desert country.
The railroad situation west of the Mis
souri River is brighter than ever. All
roads can scarcely handle the traffic.
Four years ago the Union Pacific Railway
had 125 idle locomotives in the round
houses: now the road cannot move all the
freight offered with its increased capacity
and every wheel is moving. Similar con
ditions are to be found on the Burlington
and Xorthwestern roads, whose trunk
lines traverse Nebraska.
Banking Board of The Former State
Reports That Individual De
posits Have Largely
Increased.
Nebraska and South Dakota
Farmers Out of Debt
and Wealthy.
PROSPERITY
REIGNS IN THE
MIDDLE WEST
KEPT THEIR MARRIAGE
SECRET FOR A MONTH
rk s a result of the announcement made by County Clerk Frank
* * C. Jordan that he would issue 15.0C0 registration certifi
cates for use at the approaching Congressional primary Supervi
sor W. H. Church last evening found thirty clerks who had been
sworn in as county deputies work in the County Clerk's of
fice sending out these certificates accompanied by Dalton litera
ture.
Supervisor Church charged County Clerk Jordan -with using
his office for partisan political purposes. The County Clerk met
this with a statement that he was doing this to further the inter
ests of the voters of Alameda County, but the Supervisor found
that with every certificate was being sent a Dalton circular. Su
pervisor Church lodged u protest against the use of a public office
for private campaign purposes and threatened the County Clerk
with Supervisorial and Grand Jury action.
OAKLAND, Aug. 5.-County Clerb
Frank C. Jordan has lost no time
in executing his throat to issu*
15/fcX) certificates of registration tc
the voters of Alamcda County, and hi;
action has developed the most eensatlona
Incident of the campaign.
The County Clerk to-day swore in thirtj
deputies who were at once set at work is
suing these ccrtin'cates. These ccrtiii
rate* are being sent to every man whosi
jicxn© has bte:: added to the Alamc-dii
County great register Eince January 1
ard Jcrdan claims that they will be suf
ficient to permit the holder thereof v
vote at the coming primary. This ha^
been met with a vigorous protest on b«'
half of the Board of Supervisors again -t
the use of the Cour.ty Clerk's office for
private political purpose?, and there is
every Indication of official action by :he
board in connection with this actior: ci
the County Clerk in behalf of his fnend.
Henry I*. Dalton.
The report that County Clerk Jordan
vhad sworn in a large force of Teputy
<Cour.ty Clerks, who were working it tho
#County Clerk's ollice sending out circu
lars and other campaign matter in the In
ft^rests of Henry P. Dalton's candidacy
vfor the Republican nomir.at'on tor Con
kress was circulated about ton to-night
land. Supervisor W. \l. Church, in cora
tTiar.y with Edward Farrell. a nrember of
ilhe Republican State Central committee,
.•repaired to the Clerk's office, . The build
ing was brilliantly illuritsatel by scores
of gas jets. Thirty men wert busy under
the direction of the County /"'crk prepar
ing for mail a folder, a pfrtlon of the
rnntpntt rr-n^'rip us frtM.-.ti'i:
? "PUT THTS IN YOlf. POCKET •
? AND TAKK IT TO :f " i'- TOLLS
? AUGUST 11.
OAKLAND. Cal.. /.*. '. 1900.—
? Dear Sir: There vili M 9 Congres
? Eional primary cl<»'rtlA^W in this
? county on Saturdi y. fi-?&2%l 11. 1900,
>¦ for the election cr tii<, tales to
? nominate a cand »lav«';'cn member
? of Congress. Yot «,'•• ' * trnestly re
«- «;ur-sted to \ote «.i £Cit3 primary
- The polling place f«r year precinct
? is at PtrcA, in . The ¦
*¦ polls will be opc» between the •
? hours of 1 2nd 7 r> rn. - '¦
? Ycu are asked t> vote early on ¦
- that day for th« delegates who fa- -
? vor the nomination of Henry P. •
? % Dalton.
The remainder of. '.he folder extolled
I>altGn's record.
Church Denauifeei' Jordan.
When Church ente/b the busy hive of
workers he at once av r sLed County Clerk
Jordan: M •_£"¦«
"What does this r£*'*n~ asked Super
visor Church. >/
"it means that I I pi getting out the
¦work of my office." Spiled Jordan.
"You mean that Jfcu are getting out
work for DaJtor. " jatorted Church with
fnmc heat. "I wanf to know what you
are doing. As a co&'y officer 1 have a
rieht to kr.ow. Yo» arc doing crooked
wr.rk here and you know It. You have
b'-on using rour cf»c*> for politics too
icr.K. I would like ;o know wlio is going
to pay for the?? !:;hts. I will have you
up t«>for*- the Gnnd Jury."
"I have been thtre once already." re-
trrted Jordan. "As for the light?. I am
willing to pay for them. This work that
I am «loi:iR. tbosgrb. Is partly for the
county. Wii^n it comos to doing politics,
i n .i set off.
Church ir?'.5trfl that the largw force of
rr.cn in s-isht wore not countv deputies.
Jordan d< !ared they wore, ihen it de
veloped t!;:it t<>n minutes before Super
wisor <.'>u:rch arrived nt the Clerk's of
fice Jordan had sworn in all of the force
at work on The folders as Deputy County
CWks.
In explanation of hts move Supervisor
Church paid:
"I made a protest against any partisan
politics being done in the office of the
County Cl*>rk. Is the county to pay for
the gas which is beincf consumed In that
office night after night? I do not care in
whose interests this sort of thing is being
done. I say now that the County Clerk
has no right to thus use his office, and
as a member of the Board of Supervisors
I lodge a protect in their behalf."
County Clerk Jordan sent for George W.
T?akor. his attorney, and then made the
following statement:
"This work Is In part county work.
These men as my deputies are getting out
notifications to voters and are incidentally
Finding out this folder in the interests of
Henry Dalton. I am Dalton's friend and
I am doing all I can to further his candi
dacy. 1 pay now that no stationery, post
age or help is being paid for by the coun
ty. The gas would be lighted any way,
because we would be working at night
on the register. This is my office and I
shall put in 100 men here if I deem it nec
essary.
"What I am doing will assist the voter
and I consider that it is of as great »inport
ance as any other work which I can do
now toward giving the public a clean reg
ister."
The Metcalf managers declare that they
want evfry member of the Republican
party to vote at the coming primary. They
oo not want Dalton men only to vote, anil
they take the stand that the County Clerk
should not become such an ardent partisan
If he does not expect to have charges
made against him.
Want a Fair Deal.
. "We don't want to deprive a single
honest Republican of his vote, whetner
he is for Metcalf or for Dalton," said
Emil Nusbaumer, who is one of tjbc
active supporters of Victor H. Metcaff.
"•But we don't want a lot of Democrats
and Populists to vote at the Republican
primary. We want a Councilman from
this district who is reall'- a Republican,
and not one who is satisfactory to the
Democrats and Populists. A man who is
satisfactory to th*»m is not satisfactory
to the Republican party. We do not want
a lot of people who have been fighting
our party, and who would only vote at
its primary in order to wreck the party
to vote at this primary. If a man is a
Republican and wants to vote for Mr
Dalton he will have no opposition from
any Metcalf men. but Populists and
Democrats are not going to vote if we
can help it.
"Ae far as the Metealf side is concerned
Mr. Jordan may Issue his certificates,
and if the men are entitled to vote at a
Republican primary they will vote with
out opposition from us, and if they are
not so entitled they won't vote if we can
help It."
This is t^ft last week of the struggle
and it is going to be a bitter one.
Surprises County Clerk and T hirty
Deputies Sending Out Dalton
Literature.
OAKLAND SUPERVISOR
DENOUNCES JORDAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,- AUGUST 6, 1900.
DR; MARK NEUMANN.
Photo by Monaco. ¦
p^i=3HE semi-annual meeting of the gen
eral relief committee . of San Fran
. ' Ji cisco> Independent Order of Odd Fel
. lows,. was attended yesterday by the
following named representatives of sister
relief committees of other cities: B. Shells,
D. J. Mannix, J. ; P. Shumate; A. ; F. ;Ra$r-
mond, a; ;b. Munf ord, B. ; F. Fox, Charles
W. Bartels, T. K. Barkworth; F. A. Ross,'
E.I. Woodman; E. S. Klmball, C. M. Har-
FORCED TO MOVE ON.
Dowite Ciders Denied Admission to
the City of Mansfield by
the Police.
MANSFIELD. Ohio, Aujf. 8.— Overseer
John Hamner Piper and Elders E. P.
Fisher.' A. W. McClurkin and A. McFar
land of Dowie's Christian Catholic Church
In Zion arrived here this morning at 6:33.
A mob of over 2000 people was In wait
ing at the station and the police refused
to allow the Dowites to get out of the
car. Amid cheering and shouts they went
to Ashland, fourteen miles east. At Ash
land they tried to hire a carriage to bring
them back to Mansfield, but all the liv
erymen refused their request. They de
parted for Chicago, saying they would
be back next Sunday.
THE best shrtw of the Dunne and Ry
ley farce-cumedy season at the Cali
fornia Theater is on the bill for this
the tenth and last week of the "all
star" cast's engagement.
fThe Night of the Fourth," "a comedy
J'C'irce explosion?," is a farcical extrav
ejj!*:-.za of the wildest kind, full of the
Virand of fun «O excellently exploited by
the Dunne and Ryley company. A retired
Je< man, eetking: rest jnd quiet at J the
"Summer Rest Hotel," a country retreat,
fin<5s himself rapidly involved In a very
diCerc nt sort of programme. Including a
Gainfully patriotic Fourth of July cele
ration, four Ijreach of promise suits, a
commitment to the lunatic asylum and
f-ev^ral oth^r iitf-rcsUnp numbers. In all
of which Harry Uulger, as EH Frost, docs
excellent work. Hut the play was not the
thins laft nlghV-but rather the comedy
v."lthin the com'dy.
Pases <-ould *• written on "What did
Dot happen to Jjnes" la*t night, with the
electric Miss Whailey within shocking
cistajice. It almost happened. When her
rtape papa, uccit-*vi by Walter of a de
ecrted wife an'* thr^e children, pprings
forward to defTid himself, with Norma
upon his arm, tin circuit was all but com
pleted and the hpuse held its breath. But
the current must have gone Into the earth.
for with the orreptlon of a few sparks
from the lady'; brilliant orbs the crisis
was past and fvcrything was altogether
lovely as befo e. But the hou?e rose to
Mr. Jones. p!a:<*rs and all. and gave the
favorite comedan a. royal welcome ba^k
to California. iHc Is unaffected, nave
about the feetJby his Chicago visit.
Tony Hart. 1. Sherrie Mathews, p/iU
nyley. Norm.-f Whallcy. Eessie Tan
n^hllf and hlufy Marble were well taken
care K* in tLJir roles. The specialties,
<-Kpc(fFjJ!y Mi/s Courtney's songs, Bessie
TaJinehiU'g Jiiny and the work of Mary
Marble. Water Jonem and Ma thews and
Uulper were much enjoyed.
The Tivoli Opera-house offer* a splen-
AT THE THEATERS
did rloubl*> attraction this week In the
operas ••Othello" and "Rlgoletto." It
were indeed difficult to chooso between
the fine casts which alternate with the
change of operas. Salassa's Iago. per
haps his finest conception, will be en
thusiastically remembered from last year,
with Avrdano's Othello and Anna Lich
ter's Desdomona. Miss Frances Graham
takrs handsome Charlotte Beckwlth'3
place as Kmclia, or the cast were other
wise Identical.
In "Rigoletto" Russo will appear as the
Duke, sufficient warrant for the render-
Ing of that role.. Gilda. a favorite part of
Repetto's. will be her role in the opera.
Ferrari will take the Jester, Ntcolini the
new favorite, Sparafuclle. and Polltlnl
makes her first appearance this season as
Magrdalena.
The new Frawley company will present
Henry Arthur Jones' favorite play, "The
Middleman." this evening at the Grand
Opera-house. It has not been seen here
Elnce E. S. Wlllard and Marie Burroughs
appeared In It. Wilton Lackaye and
Corona Rlccardo will play the character?
they rendered famous, and will be sup
ported by an excellent cant. This will be
the first production here of this play a',
popular prlcw.
THE UNITED STATES IN 1S61.
XVI.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
FRANK McGLYNN.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 6, 1900
8
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country; good home;
$8; no objection to small child. . 2010 Polk St.,
10 to 2.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 1CH Va-
lencia - St. ' : ' I- . •...¦':¦¦¦¦- '.'.i. '¦¦'•'• '- -
NEAT, i experienced chambermaid -and wait-
ress; references. Apply. 1145: Bush st. ,
THREE women for general housework at '. 1304
¦ Post st '¦ '..-.Vv-'K- ; -:'-- ¦. ¦' ¦ "¦ ¦; .-" ". •'¦'. ;'-'¦'-.
PANTED — A, respectable _irl . for " general
housework. • 2030 Mission St.
GIRL for housework; wages $15.' «29 McAllls-
terst. . ¦ ;. • - ¦ •.. ;¦-:.¦¦¦ ; ¦ ¦¦. ¦;:> '.;_.- .:¦¦:•>. v. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at.
f 100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seat
eklne. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave. v
WANTED— A young girl for light housework;
must go home nights. <0<E ' Shotwell st^.
BRIGHT young lady. for dye»works office;. ex-
perience. 14 Oolden ¦ Gate ave. .-..-•
FIRST-CLASS . fireman I wants 'work ; has first-
class reference. Box 3270, Call office. , ;
BARTENDER wants position: city or coun-
try: first-class references. ; Box 2938. Call. '.
WANTED— Olrl for general housework and plain
cooking. 910A Devlsaiiero st.. nr.' r McAllister.
GIRL for light housekeeping: wa&es $15. Call
In — lornlnfr at 1673 Golden Gate , ave. ¦ .
SINGLE worklnsman wishes steady placa In
country or city: carpenter by trade. Address
box 29»6, Call office. '
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with ' horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; wages
small If good place; ref. H.\ Warren. 410 8th.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Booms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and. from the ferry^
SAILORS, ordinary r;a— len and gTeen hands:
all parts Of world. HERMAN'S. » Sieuart.
PENSIONS— GEO.. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 1«
., ' _ ' ' practice; Examiner bids.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
6.- F.. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
WANTED-Laborers and 1 mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st-: 130 largo
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and wore itn to -learn chiropody, dermatul-
ogy.by mall; diplomas. Correspondence de-
partment. 254 Sixth ave.. -Ntw York: write.
WANTED- Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early ; Monday, at 527 14th. St., near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED— Position as traveling salesman rep-
resenting Pacific Coast mfgr.; long acquaint-
ance and experience Colorado west; salary;
references. Address box 8212. .Call offl.ee. *
NEW. goods; quick sales: salary or commis-
sion; city or country. The J. Dewln* Co..
Flood bulldlnc.
GIRL .for ¦• general ! housework; - small . family.
2836' California: st. : ¦-
WANTED— A H>renttees and finishers on coats;
. steady work., ill7.Russ »t. ¦ •. ;•'
GIRL wanted . In small I family; I call early.~ 60
Zoe st.,, off .Bryant, bet. Third and Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS. waitress wanted at 204 8lxth st
WANTED— Office boy; glva reference. Box
23S2,.Call. . : j -.;.._ \.
GIRL for ' light housework and care ! of baby.
1534 Guerrero St. between 8 and It a, ¦ m. ¦¦¦ .- ¦-.
NOTICE to fruit fanners, fruit pickers and
others— O-chtrd and vineyard • help furnished
promptly by J. F. CROSETT AGENCT, 123
•Sarramrnto Bt. -¦ 'JaaffSaflBBBSia—tBlll LIB UUIiiaBBBBMI
COAT ¦makers.' coat pressers and vest opera-
tors. 541 Market st. • ¦
RELIABLE young man desires to learn the un-
dertaking business. Address box , 3226, Call
Office. a-.«.-A'.VSK ¦••,-".'. '<
LADY for g<»ntral housework; wages $10 to $12.
3W Third st.
RELIABLE- girl; general housework; plain
cooking; 3 fn family. 1711 Buchanan st.
TOTJNG plrl to assist In general housework.
Call at 344 Sixth st.
EMFLOYSIEKT ¦' WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Situation by experienced Janltnr:
dingle; 45 years old; handy with tools and a
( ready and willing worker. Address box 3I2S,
'Call office.
A GIRL for plain cooking and general house-
work at 1S10 Lacuna St.; call from 9 to 12.
1RON5RS and markers wanted. Empire Laun-
dry, 1m Brrant st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.-
A— 1«0^^H^TAURANtT with ten" furniMied
roora?; 1 block from Chronicle; rents $47 50;
the ilaoe clears J125 per month. Call It. G.
WILKK. 2_A Kearny ft.
A— $750— SALOON, with pool table: close to
Call bldr-: rent $63; a splendid location and
er-od Paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
tt'i Kearny sL
A— $14W — COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Kearuy st. : place doing a business of $60 p*r
day; other engage— ler.ts conip»l owner vo eac-
rlficc. Call It. G. WILKE. 26»i Kearny »t.
A— $S30: CORNER ealoon with hall In choicest
location on Geary St.; rent $45: lease; place
kept by owner for years and Is £oing a eood
raying business. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
W/i Kearny gt. »
A— J150; PARTNER wanted In barber shop In
leading s«-eond-cla5S hotel cf this city; about
f80 p*r month for each partner guaranteed.
Call It. G. WILKE, ZtVi Kearny st.
A— tlCOO— CORNER grocery and bar on Larktn
ct., rent, including S rooms, $44: horse and
wagon; S years' lease; dally receipts about
$30: owner to leave for the country: « flret-
tlaEs an d rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny st
A— $2»: DELICACY and dairy produce. In Ala-
trtetia: rent $S: dally receipts J12; business e»-
tabl. 9 years. Call It. G. WILKE, Z6\i X-arny.
A-llTiO: CORNER grocery end bar on Mlsslcn
et.; place hasten kept by rreeeat owrer
*or 19 vears and clearing abo\-e SIM per
month- etock and fixtures worth the —.ooey.
Ciil n. G. WILKE. 26V4 Ken ray »t.
A—iKO-RKSTAURANT and chophouw on
water front: rent $15; bargain. H. u.
\V J LKE. £6'.j Kearoy ct.
A— J4000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
year* and known as "a money making place;
best location: close to Chronicle bulldlnc Eet
R G. WILKE. 264 Kearny ft.
J500 — RESTAURANT «nd coffee house In fin«
location; north Market: fine business; cheat
mil; a grest bargain. LANE & CO.. fCa Mkt.
isco— OWNER. leaving city, will sacrifice eta-
tionery. candy and school supply store: neai
2 school*; rent 520. LANE & CO.. 865 Market
FOR PALE— At a bargain: 4 flrst-clses saloons
3 lodging house*; 2 cigar stores; grocery and
bar. Inquire at office. 950 Howard st,. Me-
BRIDE & CO.. Agent*. ;
FOR 6ALE— Saloon: good businees; cause, sic*
ness. Inquire « Second Bt. " - ¦
FIItf-T-CLASS oyster and chop bouse for »al<
cheap, on account of eicknees. Box 3407, Call
GEORGE^wTkELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
Irgg fruccegsful. Room 310. ?27 Market St.
~~~ COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 sunny rooms, basement, $11.
127H Morris ave.. off Bryant, near Sixth.
MODERN cottage; 6 rooms and bath. 311 Steln-
er Ft., near Halght.
SUNNY cottage. 212U Perry st. ; rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery gt. ' ¦
TO LET— Cottage of 6 rooms, bath; 13C6 Lar-
kin «t. Apply 1318 Larkln St.
$12— SUNNY cottage, of G rooms and bath. Ap-
ply S3S0 C2d Bt., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
J18— COTTAGE: 7 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key 711 Treat ave.
ATlhe^LrXTiw^DENTAL^ CLINiaT(i9 Mar-
ket «t.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlesGiy; teerh
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 to up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 3 a. m.to 10 p. m.: Sundays. S to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and brUJgework; all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings.
SOc: crown. $3 SO. Chicago I>ental Parlors. 24 ith.
EIGHT prizes for b»>Bt crowns, plates, bridges
and flump*; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no fctudents;- advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEOr.CE AV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUMHILL. 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for . extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. COc: gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 'Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full net of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c
VAN VROOM— " 'Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. ifx>i Market st.. . corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. U41 Polk nt.v ¦
' DOG HOSPITALS. ,
DR. BUZ ARD' S Dog Hospital!'' Pest. Klllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 66; All
animals treated; dogs boarded. TeL West m.
DR/CREELY'SC.P.mange cure and worm pills
by druggltUor at hospital. 610 Golden Gate _v.
A BRIGHT boy can pay for an education at
Ayres* Business College by working two hours
each day. ~ . .. ¦¦¦ •.:•- - ¦
WANTED— First-class jewelry engraver: steady
position. Baldwin Jeweler, 846 Market "it.
SKAMEN wanted for British ships going to
Europe. Apply at clothing store. 319 Drumm
pt.. between Jackson and Washington.
"WANTED— Clarionet players for the band of
th» flagship Iowa. Call on board.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 23c to
.".Co. . 162 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — A first-class window drexser. S. N.
WOOD & CO., 718 Market St.. S. F.
BARHERS for city and country: good wa^es;
apply Immediately. H. BERNARD. 104 7th st.
BARBERS wanted for city and country: eteady
Jobs guaranteed. J. J. HEINZ. Official Em-
ployment Secretary. ' *30 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to fl 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week;' convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferrj'.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
HONEST reliable girl for general housework,
222 Golden Gate ave.. 9 and 12 a. m. '
OPERATORS on vests. 333 Kearny St.. room
11.- ¦¦ ¦ .-,; ¦ ,.•.¦.-. ¦¦,.,¦-.- . .;•¦."¦
TA1LORESS handy on machine to learn vest
operating. 339 : Kearny st., room 11.
A "GIRL -for "general "housework and cooking;
two in family ; references. Apply 2022 Broder-
Ick st, between 9 and 12 a. m. ,
GIRL to help take care of children;, can sleep
home; wages $15: call after 9 a. m. , 1 Scott.
WANTEE^Experlenced traveling man for gen-
eral line; state experience, references r*_d. sal-
ary. • Address box 32CS, Call office.
WANTED— Smart errand boy In wholesale
house. WIENER & MERZBACH, 105 San-
some st.
TYPEWRITER. N'o. J Smith Premier; lats
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
T'rnsnv ennrprt Bhonogr? i ph — Reduced price,
$7S?^ncen re^ordS. $1 SO. Itedgalupi, 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boiler*; Iron and wood
™L»rjathw_M-hand. JL Curke, 133 Beaie.
SFCOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 S~i and burg-
lar nroofsafe__he»P- 42 -lain st.
\-»rir lanterns/new and second-hand; moving
G^^CLLARp_& BIIECK. 131 Post st.
cTvisIIvew and second-hand; all sizes. H"i__
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 M* ; Ktt St.. San F r l>-
misceiIlaaeocs waxts.
BOOKS bought: libraries punha3ed. 22 Seventh
st.. opposite new P^offlcf.
\V~\VTED — Second-hand Invalid's wheel chair.
Ad'dress 1316 Mission st.
SfaL^KINS are what we pry big prices f.r.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICS. S Stockton at.
IF* you wish full value for yovr cast-off ctothln*
ca ll on B. COHEX. 137 Third: tel. Black 41-'..
BlOM^m TO LUA-*. .
ANY amount at 6 pi*r cent; t.t. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, -eal estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legao.es bought; no -le-
lay; get my terms before toing business else*
where. R. McCOLGAN. 11 Montgomery, r. 3.
\XY proposition, any amouit; « p*r cent: first,
second — lortsraKes. estates p probate. ¦ interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance, -loom IS. first fi """.
Chronicle bldg. HALLCftAN & OLS£>.\_
HIGHLY respectable prlvae place to ob:ain
liberal advances on dlamor.ls. jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84tS Mar'-iZt
st.: tel. Main 1614. Branch 19 Third st.'
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd t.ortgages. an>! on
furniture or pianos: no remeval: any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & COi 2S Montgo— -rr.
ON furniture and pianos wltacit removal; q:Ic5t
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
f& and t'i. Dono'noe bui tiling. 1170 Mark"." it
MOST reliable place to borr o-» on di'i-'niis.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HES'.HAJL»-jJJl?-tth;-
highest price for old gold, *l>Yer, diamonds.
H. MURPHY. S30 Market St.. sofcw all Mnds~ot
financial problems; Sd — tortsaji estates, ate.
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos motor*
and gasoline eng. H. S. White, 518 Mission.
A FIME suit. $10: drens pa n ts. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. *5 Montgomery at.
2ND-HAND gasoline and **;atn engines, lathes,
etc.; general machine wo«_. 137 Beala st.
PERSONS now holding positions can make
money without Interfering with present em-
ployment. For particulars address box 3274.
Call office.
HOUSEGIRL. thoroughly reliable and obliging,
desires work In country; references if re-
qulred. Box 2399, Call office. , - .
FIRST-CLASS waitress wishes situation. Ad-
dress 242 Kisllng-at. ¦
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
821 Mission st., room 1.
TRAINED nurse would like the care of in-
valid or a young child; country preferred.
MISS OUISE KLECH, Lorln. P. O.. Berkeley.
NURSE would like wofiC In a sanitarium or
other Institution. K. L., box 2007. Call office,
Oakland.
EXPERT teacher for children; piano, violin,
mandolin, guitar; 50c at pupils' home. Box
3204. Call office.
THREE cooks,, $25. $30 and $35; 6 second girls,
$20 and $25; two nursegirls, $15 and $20;
chambermaid, $20: waitress, $23: housekeeper.
125; woman to'take charge of a house for two
months; boarding-house cook, $25; ranch cook,
$25; two houseglrls, $25 and $30. Apply MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter: st. v *
300 GIRLS and women wanted to ' work on
fruit at' California" Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
WOMEN mud girls for canning and preparing
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Calif ornlan Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan st.,
between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; steady work;
highest wages paid. 'Apply immediately. U.
S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave.. bet.
Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
GIRLS wanted • to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO'S factory. 32H Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. .DAVIS. , . •
FOR country: competent woman for general
housework and .cooking; 3 in family; $20 a
month; German or "Scandinavian preferred.
Write direct, MRS.'A. W. JOHNSON, Upper
Lake, Lake Co. '
APPRENTICES ¦ on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Goughand Grove sts.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work; good cook; email family in city pre-
ferred. 24 Clara, off Folsom.
FIRST-CLASS Scandinavian cook, understand!
some French. German and American cook-
ing; wages $25, $30; city or/country. Address
726 Mission st. ' 't---- *.¦¦:•-'/
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board: rood home. 2750 Harrison st.
GERMAN lady wishes cr.e or two children to
board: room for Barents. 429 Minna st.
KOR refined home and excellent care for little
girl address American, box 3^3, Call office.
JNFANTS taken to board; private home; spe-
cial care; pleasant and healthy place; chil-
dren 2 to 8 years boarded $10 month; San
Leaniiro, Alameda Co. Apply 3 Cohen pl<ice.
BOARDING FOK CIIILDRBX.
BICYCLES — -For hale or Bichnme.'
ALLEN has captured the market with $20 bicy-
cles. 301 Larkin st.; offers wanted for 100 sec-
ond-hand wheels. 1970 Page Bt.
MME SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's p'cture; 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 321'.4 MlssIon.op.Mlnt.
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally, j 212^ Sixth et.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy.ts the great palmist
and card reader: :5c. 7 Seventh et.; no sign.
TEST, business medium, card reader, 25c up;
German spoken. S23 Mission Bt..nr.4th; no sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card-reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
WATSON, famous medium and palmist; lucky
and true; 15c and 50c. 1SS1 Market, nr. 12th.
HALF-COST, finest $225 »ea!s_tn, size 38, wiU
trade for diamond. Box 2933. Call office.
A SPLENDID Mexican saddle and bridle r>
as new. I. H. GOLDMEYER. 1323 Green st.
2 FRESH youns Durhans i cows. Juat arrt»ed|
calves 4 days old; gentle. 1312 Folsom St.
HOUSE painters' staging _ n d ladders. 8««
landlady. 340 Third st. ______
COCKER spaniel papa. :s5 Parker av*., oS
Point Lobos ave.
3000 FT. ?d-hand pipe. %-l*ch. black A straight.
ltec per foot; other sizes higher. 64 Silver st.
FIRST-CLASS second-ban.} modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfj. Co*
GROCERYMEN.vattentloii___rge flr tares fo«
sale cheap at 953 How* nj B _
•WANTED — Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla. Alameda County,
Cal. . For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
328 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquln Coal Company.
WANTED— recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character; between the ages
of 21 and 35 years: not less than & feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write-
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice 40 Ellis st.. 9an Francisco. Cal., 630 K st..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 1053 J-st.. Fresno. Cal.
RELIABLE woman, with girl 9 years old,
wishes place as cook or working housekeeper:
city or country. Address MRS. A. HAYES,
3279 Mission st.
AN elderly gentleman for general utility work:
must write a good hand; room and board and
small salary; references. S. M.. box 3230,
Call office.
FOR »ale cheap— A fine inatural brown t_f j
switch. Apply at 951 aljsion st. •
8-LB steel T rail for sale-'faemp. BURNST573
BROS.. 533 Brannan sUl
A MERICAN woman would like situation as
working housekeeper: small wages, but lipht
work: good references. MRS. LOU LESTER,
San Ramon. Contra Costa County^
A— $3 EO DERBY and Fedi ir » bats, $1 7J. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny it, near Plae,
GOOD plain cook with downstairs work; wages
$25. Call 1022 Larkln st.
A— 100 H. P. engine, bolter two drill. _lr com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 l"remont st.
YOUNO woman would like work to jo out
washing by day: permanent places only. Ad-
dress D.. 1941 Mission st.
YOUNG girl lately from East would like gen-
eral housework: wages $15 to $18. 1035 Shot-
well st. ;. no postals.
19 dishwashers. ...$30. $28, 525. $20. $15 and fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for In-
stitutions, sausage makers, pantrymen
9 butchers $35. $40. $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants, second and third
hands; also boys. $30. $60, $40. $30. $25 and fd:
14 laundrymen. $35. $30 and found: COME SEE
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay »t.
THOROUGHBRED Newfoundland pup». also
1 tiny black and tan. sm^ii: 20 pedigreed heavy-
weight does, $2 50 apiece i«s Tehajna, off Sd.
SKVEJCAL carloads hay. -wheat and c*t; gilt
edse: raUed in Butte Co ; sample on car S. P.
22.3S7. 6th-st. depot. 305 parrott bids., to-day.
C LA I It V O Y ANTS.
MME. PORTER, • wenderful clairvoyant & card
reatVer, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 60c;
gents $1: palm & clair. sit. $1 00. 126 Turk st.
MRE.J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting $1. 1104 Market.
MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde St.. nr. McAllister;
circle to-night 10c; skeptics Invited; sit. dally.
MRS. LESTER, circle Sp. m.; 10c; slttines
daily. tOc. 127 Turk st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sit. dally: convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HARE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS; eales daily. 1009V4 Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN MAKE CO..609 Gol-
den Gate av.. S. F.. 500 rabbits for sale cheap.
CO. CAM C. HAMMOND. Mgr..
Office— Spreckels Market
~-bbltry-10« Ehotwell 6t.
LORD FASHODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb.
firet prize in Kngiand. at 314 Golden Gate ave.
A NUMBER of fiae does at low prices; bred to
our finest bucks; LORD EDINBORO (imp.).
fee J23; DCKE OF CLARENCE (imp.), fee
315; flne lot of youngstem from 3 to 5 months
eld from Lord Edinboro and our Imported
does, with grand color and perfect feet all
round; full line of rabbit supplies; free liter-
ature. EAJf FRANCISCO BELGIAN HAR1Z
BELGIAN HARES.
SPIRITUAL medium, Mrs. Harrison, 858 Mls-
Fion; readings dally; 25c, 60c and $1; circle
Tues., Thurs., Sat. and Sunday eves.; 10c.
WOMAN wants to do general housework or
cleaning by the day, week or month. Call at
219 Fourth st. _^___
BRAND-NEW, latest stile sealskin Jacket for
$12»>; cost originally $22.. UNCLE HARRIS.
13 Grant ave.
Si IK1TUAL1SM.
NORWEGIAN girl desires position for general
housework. Please call at 62 Erie et.. near
Thirteenth, off Howard.
NEAT woman will assist In nice family; good
plain cook: small wages; references furnished.
Box 3227. Call office. ¦
AUTOMOBILES
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pla*. shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
BARS, back bars. ml.%*»*<i. showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store *k4H office furniture and
fixtures; new and sefe-aa-liand; we always
bave a large stock of fejloon outfits on hand;
ZZ complete outfits on. our floor, ready made;
we can ship everytWtj in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
31ISCELLA>EOis POR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2<$iind~machinery? M^I
INTOSH & WOLPM^. 135-137 Fremont st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do gen-
eral housework in small American family:
city or Bhort distance In country: willing and
obliging; good references. 762 Brannan St.,
near Seventh, in bakery. :i llll_l
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
also competent Swedish housework girl, a
neat second girl and a number of housework
Klrls await situations at MISS CULLEN S
Employment Bureau, 325 Sutter Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S3."
..• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Arm waitress. Nevada. $25 and found: 4
waitresses, different city hotels, $20; 8 wait-
resses, country, $20 and $25, many fare paid:
2 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7; 2 chimber.
maids to wait, $20;- chambermaid waitresn,
Pacific Grove, fare paid. $20: 2 chambermaids.
$18 and $15;. woman cook, $30 and «5;'saks-
lady, candy store, country. $ 7 week, fare paid.
;:.. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
W'Orklng housekeeper for old lady, soe party
here at 2 Monday, $15; second girls, city,
Frultvale, Berkeley. Alameda, S2" and $15:
woman with 'a- child. $15; ranch cook, $25; o0
orders for. cooks. ' houseglrls, nurseglrls. etc.,
etc. .C.^R. HANSEN & CO.. lOt Geary St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Beet help. 41Hi O'Farrell at.; tel. Ea»t 426.
DR. WISE— The only tenuine ladies' specialist.
Office HlSMarket st.
DR. WONG HIM. be* doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human bed y. 115 Mason st.
LAUNDRESS, private family* Santa Cruz, $30.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter *t.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R.ATH CABINETS.
ItOEINSON $.">, 4-panel folding: door opens; firm
and eafe. W. S. BROWN, gen. agt.. 426 Elils.
NEW & 2d-band wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
AUTOMOBILES — FRED WARD & EON,
A cents. 46 Fremont et.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CUSTER. HERMAN J.. attorney. 927 Market
et.. r. E25: open eve.. 7-9; consultation free.
L- S. CLARK, Emma Fpreckels bldir., S27 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN Sz SON. 2117 Mission st.
ONE splendid Brewster carriage, gold mounted
and harness to match: also 1 flne coupe and
Victoria. I. H. GOLDMEYER. 1323 Green st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. \V.
W. DAVIDSON. $27 Market St.. opp. Mason
FFXE sdv'ce; divorce laws, damages, estate?.
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 2J4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN*S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, 650 Market, cor. Stockton.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market st..
room €27; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance rharges; money loaned on estates.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, msr., 2S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 230.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard. laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4.".3 Ftevenfon St.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn: tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 37«.
MME. KTCKEY. astrologist; get your horoscope
•with full explanation of your future. 50c; card
reading and palmistry. 23c. 1033 Mission st.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post Et.. near Powell; telephone Bush Via.
A— FRENCH chambermaid and seamstress. $23;
French second girl, $25: German nursegirl,
$20; 4 second girls, city, $20 each; second girl,
Alameda, $25; chambermaid, country hotel,
$20, no waiting: waitress, Benlcla, $25; 2 wait-
resses, Napa, $20 each; 10 chambermaids and
waitresses, city and country,. $20 and $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CARI'ET BEATING A>'D CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to" SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 253-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40
EMPLOYMEKT OFFICES.
HELP WANTED-FEMALa
DR. and MRS. M. "-EGENER— Private hoiii»
in confinement. 1312 Jolden Gate ave. - . \
DR. NO TOY KEE. lte of Canton. China; «J;s.
. eases of all kinds eu-ed; herbs and teas; gar.L
larlum 104 Sacrameno.cor.Kearny.advtce free.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 103 Market— Ladles' special-
ist: home in confin-ment; safe and reliable;
consultation free: hcura 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. WYETli\ reliable specialist: 23 yr» ' I
practice: home In confinement: treatment a#
office, $3; any allmrnt; consultation free; conC
ndentlal. 942 Post it., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
EP.NEST S. GREEN positively proves the stars
rule your fate; testimonials free; trial readings
from date birth, by mall. 15 2-cent stamps;
full horoscopes $2 up. 1804 Market St., 2d floor.
ASTItOLOGY.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF*Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market st.. S. F.
DRS. GOODWIN^well-known ladies' specialists.
have returned t-um Europe; safe and reliable;
cure *5: have titated thousands o* cases wltrx
success: 15 year:\ practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low tees. y07H Market st.. near Sixth.
AGENTS WANTED.
WF handle ne-n-est novelties for agents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 3461 18th M.
HOWARD. SSO— Lodclnp-hcuse cf 22 roonn
LODGI>G-HOrSES TO LET. !
Sawyer, small country sawmill, $45 and found;
blacksmith, city. $3; ranch blacksmith. $15;
ranch harness-maker. $35; farmer and wife,
orchard. $33: gardener and wife. $50; 6 milkers.
$25 and $30; 6 quartz miners. $2 50; stablemen,
choremen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, country hotel. $50; cook $40, dishwasher
$25, both for small springs; 6 bakers' helpers.
$25 $30, $35; 6 waiters, country hotels. $!5 and
$30.
Assistant confectioner, country hotel. $25.
free fare; dishwasher, country hotel, iZo, free
fare.
All-around laundryman. country. $15 a week;
marker and distributor, country. $12 a week;
2 hand ironers. polisher, starcher, $2 50 a /flay
each, all for same laundry, north, 'fare ad-
vanced.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 1M GEARY ST.
A— WANTED— Monday. 7:30 a. m., here, with
blankets ready to start on train. 50 laborers for
S P. Co.'s own work at Surf. $2 a day; board
$4 50 a week; free fare: oftlce fee $1.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
MAN and wife to take charge of a ranch,
Santa Clara County. $40, see party here to-
day; man and wife, ranch. South. $40. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter, st. .
MAN to drive a milk wagon, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. •
HOTEL cook, country. $45; cook, small hotel,
$25, fare here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
MAN and wife, small ranch; wife to cook for
two; man must understand pruning; wages
$40. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
ERRAND boy, S3 a week. MISS CULLEN. 323
Sutter st. ¦ ¦¦¦'-'' '¦'¦\\
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H^Bei^iard^J>ec :: J10j4Ji^j*^^
SOBER man in wine house tending bar: must
understand mixing drinks; state nationality.
P.ox 3123. Call office. -
WANTED— Experienced second cook; also a
boy to assist in dining room. U. S. Hotel.
| 123 Eddy st. '
i WANTED — Steady, sober man for cleaning up
In bakery. Ill Larkln st. . ' ¦
IRONERS and markers wanted. Empire
Laundry, 755 Bryant at.
YOUNG man for grocery: a German with some
experience preferred. SUSS. 1043 Howard st.
GOOD" barber. 239 California st.
DISHWASHER who knows some cooking; $5 a
r . week. . Restaurant. : 233 Sixth st. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.; 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A good block butcher; $30 per month
and found. Apply 331S Mission et:
"WANTED— Good barber; good wages; steady
Job; married man preferred. 1048 McAllister.
BOY to* run errands. .. 1170 Market St.. room 38.
BARBER wanted at N 108 Fourth it.; steady.
WANTED— Youn* man drive milk. wagon route;
•' $10 -and- found.* Call bet.; 1 and 2. 1918 Hyde.
WANTED— Elevator • boy. Royal House, 126
Ellis «t. ; ¦ •-. .
BARBER shop for rent or sale.* 217 Fourth st.
15 TO 18-year-old boy. for merchant tailor. Ad-
dresa .box. 3217, Call office.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches, jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant are.
15 laborers, concrete work. Coast road, $2 25
day and up Fee $1 Free fare
Wanted for big tunnel, Chatsworth Park:
E0 tunnel men $2 to $2 50 a day
25 muckers $2 a day
25 drillers $2 a day
Ship daily Office fee $1 Free fare
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST
200 teamsters. Nevada ...$2 a day
300 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
2C0 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship daily Office fee $1 Free fare
COOK for Central America, fare paid; 2 restau-
rant cooks. $15 and $17 50 week; third cook,
country hotel: waiters and other hotel and
restaurant help. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY.
S2S Sacramento st.
WANTED
FOR RAILROAD.
FREE FARE _. FREE FARE
150 laborers for different parts of California
and Nevada.
Remember
This work is for the railroad company and
not for contractors
Wages paid In cash — no time checks; good
board cheap and long job; see employer here;
office fee only ?1 and no other expenses. j
4 men handy with tools to build flume, $10* and !
board and part fare paid; 2 Burleigh drillers
for mine, $3 a day; 2 single hand miners, <
$2 50 a day, and 2 muckers, same gold mine,
$2 a day; 10 coal miners, no coal mining ex-
perience required, $2 50 a day or by contract
and fare paid, see boss here; 2 tinsmiths, I
steady job, city. $3 a day; carriage black-
smith, Oregon. $3 a day; blacksmith's helper,
vineyard, $33 and found; blacksmith's helper,
large ranch, $30 and found; wagon-maker and
wheelwright for large vineyard: 3 woodchop-
pers, 4-foot willow and oak, $1 23 a cord; 10
woodchoppers, 4-foot yellow and bull pine, for
mining company, $1 50 and $2 a cord, every-
thing furnished; ties, box. bolt and shingle
bolt ¦ makers, pine and redwood cutters for
Santa Cruz County; woodchopper, San Mateo
County. $26 and board; 2 farmers, San Mateo
County. $26: 2 farmers. Palo Alto, steady, $20;
orchard hand, Sonoma County, $20; boys or
young men to pick fruit: 6 two-horse team-
sters, city, $1 75 day: brick molders and brick
setter, $3 day: choreman, ranch, $25 and
found; choreboy on ranch, $10 to $15; baker's
helper, shop, city. $25 and found: baker's
helper, shop, country, ?35 and found: cook for
camp, city, $50; waiter, country hotel, $30 and
fare; night waiter, city. $40: 2 waiters, hotels
! and restaurants, $30 and $35; kitchen and dln-
lng-room porters. $25 each: man to drive hack,
I city. $25 and found; 3 laborers around rock
I crushers, $25 and board; cheesemaker, $35.
NOTICE
EWER & CO. guarantee every position as
advertUed and will refund fare both ways
and also the fee to any one not obtaining
work where we send him. Come see us be-
fore going to some unreliable agency.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
i WANTED for cash, frmished house. 75 to 125
roome: must be cheap. Box 464. Call office.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches, silver— are.
cealskins. puns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ave.
Th* Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works. — The
annual mcetinc of the stockholders of the Ris-
<Son Iron ard Locomotive Works, for the ele<v
tion of trustees for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at Lh«
cS5ce of the company, southeast corner of Beale
• nd Howard sts.. San Francisco, on MONDAY,
the 6th day cf August, 1900. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING.
! TO Bell your lodging house or furniture and
! secure satisfaction write or call SCHWE1N-
I HARD & CO., 917 Market et., opp. Mason, J
i tel. Mint 1911.
WKLL- PAYING rooming-house of 10 rooms;
furniture; reasonable. 1S0U Ninth: call 1 p. m.
3 MEN and wives for private families and
ranches, $35, $40 and $45; man about place,
$30. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacra-
mento st.
' FINE ccrner house. 30 rooms; downtown: Rood
I furniture and carpet* ; Rood value; flne tran-
! fier.t; ?3000. Box 4C3, Call office.
[ HOCf-ES from 10 to ISO rooms: sood locations;
'lonest value perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned. SCHWEINHARD & CO.,
! 917 Market St., cpp. Mason, phone Mint 1911.
MEDICAL.
DItVand SlRsToXviESr 1223 Market St.— Relll
able ladles' and gents' specialists; 32 yeirV
practice; have treated thousands of cases tuo
cessfully: & positive cure guaranteed at c*-
flce; ladies treated can return home the sim
day: try the celebrated HIXDO HERB treatV
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for conllneA
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular. |
MRS. T>\. KOHL, the well known and reliablj
ladies' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of£-
flee, $^ positive cure; home for patients be\
fore aid during confinement; skillful medlcau
¦attention; consultation free and confldentlaVi
446 Eddy <»t., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde. •
DR. G W. O'DONNELL, the world-renownedi
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac- 1
tlced In San Irancisco for years; treated thou-
sands of casejj successfully; treatment can b*
used at homij consultation free. After all
other* fall ca\on him. 1023?i Market st.
5 CARPENTERS, near city. $3 day: driver for
milk wagon, $30 and found; butter-maker. $35
and found: miners, $2 50 and $3 day; band
sawyer; wheelwright for country: black-
- smiths, city and country. $2 50 to $3 50 day;-
blacksmith's helper. J2 day: planer man, $50
and board; stickerraan, $3 day; 50 woodchop-
pers, tlemakers and other axmen, good wages;
laborers and teamsters for city. $2 day; labor-
ers for Orgeon. Jl 60 day. and many ethers.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 7T3 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.; buys
furniture, carpets. "57 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
$5000 — rrth of . furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllverstein. 1121 Market: tel. Folsom 1105.
FUIINITUIIK WASTED.
LOUGiSg-HOI SKS FOR SALE.
I a— t"5 r.- central: full; quite profitable J2fiOO
i I* r.; f«?!it S«0: takes J36O; 1 blk. of Mkt.. m
1 in r • on miiv.iv ?i.1e- rent T33: nice block.. «.*)
1 :3 r.: Runr.y; : 3 bits of Market; full C10
I ST r.: l'Ote!: rent $l"i0; barpaln; party leaving.
M. GRIFFIN, 71? Market St.. nr. Call bldg.
j R. H \VIN?TON £ CO.. 102« MARKET ST.
Th» Leadj^e-and Reliable Brokers.
I 17 room«: rent"'?~i: " a 'snap..'.'. J350
2S row.*; rent $."<4; central 900
4.1 rooms: rent $So; investigate this 12M
M rooms: corner; offices; only..: 3200
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or 'Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
LK JEUNE Art and Craft School: modeling,
deslsninc. carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. Rrammar. writing,
etc.. day or eve.: So mo. 1024 Mission, nr 6th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post Bt..
S. F. : founded 1S63: SO-pagre catalogue free.
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j »*orlvi»,1 at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore st.
j (OFFKE iind t»a routes supplied from OEO.
\%'. CAS WELL. & CO.. 412 Sacramento *t.
PIANO and German: pupil of Conservatory in
Leipelc: lesaons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
FURNITURE— New 6-room flat for sale; flat
for rent: srood locatlcn. Box 3201, Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for *4S 50, with No. 7
'ran**. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
E3»_iFOH sale: restaurant in Tiburon: 7 lodg-
ing rooms. Address MRS. LIND. Tiburon.
$100, GOO TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
$1S— UPPER flat, a rooms, bath, gas, mantel,
tubs; yard. 2261 Geary st.
LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Hroad-
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.mininjc. mech. sur-
vey, aFsay. cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; eet. 1S64.
VAN UER NAILLEX SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons plven by Max Maier. teacher
of zither. 52G Turk st.. b»t. Larkln and Polk.-
ALL students but two taking full course this
year sot positions. SAN FUAXCISCO BUS1-
NKES COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
BAKBttT. notions, cigars and laundry; present
owner th»r» 6 years. T.07 Third st.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived aprl!catlor.s to mine by the hydra'ilic
r>r."c?Fs from F. E. Th-ima?. in the Gold Run
Piaeer CJa'.rr :, n»ar Quir.cy. Plun-.as Co.. to
deposit railir.es on a flut; frutn Walter C. Rob-
jr.son, in the lVauwcod Xiill Mine, near
Meadow Va'.'.ey^ Plu— irs Co.. to dei.otit tail-
1r,p!= in Dcadw-ftrd Creek; from W. B. Meek.
in the Indian Hli' Mine, near Camptonville.
Tub_ Co.. to deposit tailinjra in Indian Creek;
from th<> La Porte Consolidated Gold Mining
Co.. in the Dutch Mln«-. r.ear La Porte. P!u-
rr.cs Co., to dejios'.t tailings in Rabbit. Creek;
fm— t J. T. Birmlneham. in the Strawberry
Mine, at Ptrawberry Valley, Yuba Co.. to de-
poflt tai!:nc£ in a worked-out pit. nnd from
C. II. .Tur£<"n?on. in the Garden City Mine,
rsesx Gibscnville, Sierra Co., to deposit tai!-
lnci- in a ravine, Kives notice that a meeting
will be held at roo— i hi. Flood building. San
Franc!*co. Cal.. on August 12. 1900, at 1:30
p. *o.
JrT. ANDREWS Society will cele- x vi-
brate Jhe iDfth anniversary "f th» 3, C*C5
birth of SIR WALTER SCpTT
on IRIDAY KVIiXIXa. Augun 17. ¦*«**?
r.t Srr,uif=:-: Han, 107 Larkln ft. Address by
Krn;pEsor Iludy. .n. Views and vocal selec-
tions. IVM. BALNAVES. President.
A. R PATTERSON. Secretary.
THE TVorld's «Thrirtian Co-Operati— e Society
<a cortmraticn).— The annual Ho-ctinn of di-
rector? ami officers will Ik- held at l^lV; Mis-
sion H.. ihir <-'ty. al NOON, on the 7th insL
By order JOHN M. POKTEK. (Secretary.
D T VIfION No. 2. A. O. K.— Tbe regular X^?*~$
monthly inevting of this division will \3'<"^f
r.<? h-id ct Hibcrnia Hall. 120 Ninth j§. "*
ft., on TOBEDAY; August 7. at 131$?]!
is. m. JOHN KK.NNY. l»resiUent. sr~_ar
T. L. CLANCY, tjecrctary.
$15— A NEW 5-room sunny fiat: frescoed; water
free; 3748 Twenty-second, nr. Castro.- GEO.
•\W. • H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market St.
$11— FLAT. 4 rooms, basement: folding doors.
715 Tehama ft., nr. Eighth: references.
LOST A.\D FOUAD.
A m\d7s^ r4 U r be , PaW ior ""rate _£
a. .madison, 323 Jessie St., city.
f f^Sr o "n^ ar e ke?^ •gsK.'ss
Siss wffusa. 1 * DR - *• B - ""^
LADY'S watch, chain and K. of P. locJtst oa ;
ocean beach at pavilion or Turk-.:, cars. P^!
turn to 172 Minr.a gt. and recetv? reward.
ON Kearny St.. fox terrier bitch: brown earal
spot forehad and tall. Return New Westera
Hotel; reward.
LOST— Sunday evening, on Market St.. b«n~>en
Ellis and ferry, round leather puree, eontaia-
Ing money. Reward a: 123) Pierce tt
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, la th»
name of FREDERICK MACK. No. ZM-CTX.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On night of August 3. dark bay _ar*
on Weat Grant st, Alameda. Phono Eag:»
291; reward.
FOUND— White cow: brand AA. CaU ExieS
sior Dairy, near Cambridge st.
MONEY advanced on articles of all de»cr'>.
tlons from Jl to $1000. At UNCLE HARRI3*.
IS Grant ave.
TWO' sunny flats, 4 and 5 rooms. $8 and $3.
254 and 256 Jessie st.
. . HELP WAJtTKP MA- f i~U
A-MURRAY ft READY.. .¦..-•Phon« Main 8848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
; Want at 7 a. m. .Monday
.«... We ship free ••
7463 men for all parts of - California, titah,
Washingon. Arizona. Oregon. Colorado. Ne-
vada. British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
Free fare and office fee only *1. .......
And no other expenses to Reno (Nev.) district
Los Angeles district Truckee district
Santa Barbara district Shasta distr ct
.Salt Lake City district.Crows Landing distr ct
Santa Cruz district Newman district
Dunsmulr 'district Bakersfleld district
Soda Springs district Madera district
San Luis district.. Surf district
Special to Shasta County district
Redding Delta Dunsmulr
and other points K 00 * 1 wages
and other places; we ¦ ship free Tee
; Come One, Come All
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, j hammersmen.
quarrymen. spikers. section hands, tunnel-
men, steel gangs, etc. : wages 13. $2 50. *- -o.
J2, $1 90 a day and free shipment
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally to
go to different railroads. Why? Because It
costs only Jl fee; no other expenses; come see.
free rr **
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— 65 carpenters Carpenters Carpenters
12 carpenters, bridge and trestle work. $3 2j
day. very long Job. free fare •••••
6 carpenters for vineyards, ranches and wine-
ries; 25 rough carpenters for building flumes,
etc., 1 year's Job; also many house carpenters,
wages |3 50. S3. )2 50 and *2 a day and found;
C3 laborers to go with carpenters to help, no
experience required, you'll suit, wages $30.
|35. $40 and found. 1 year's job
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— ............ VERY IMPORTANT
Cooper, wine barrels, etc.. city.. ..$2 60 day
blacksmith's helper, city, and shoe. .$10 week
cake bakers' helpers, also boys to learn
5 teamsters for ranches $32 50 and found
10 laborers, San Mateo Co $52 and found
coachman, |30 and found; general utility
man. $30 and found: 15 men. free fare, for
'trucking, etc., $40 and found and frea fare,
no experience wanted; 13 boys or men to
drive nails and close boxes, etc., city, board
home, city, $1 to $1 50 day; man to ride horse-
back and carry United States mall
MARRIED
4 farmers and wives, see boss here
FRUIT PICKERS
25 men and boys to pick fruit, $30, $26. $20
and found
general utility man. Institution. .$30 and found
RIDE HORSEBACK— BREAK STOCK
6 men for a large ranch to break stock. $32 50
and found
3 boys for our own office
' polisher, country laundry. $30
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A— ;......... FREE FARE
Mines— Gold, silver and other mines, 163 min-
ers, some . single-hand, some double, some
machine and Burlelgh drillers for 37 different
mines $90, $73 and $60 and found
363 men to work about the mines as laborers,
anybody will ¦ suit, no experience required,
$60. $50, $4S._$4O per month and found, come
see; fireman, 16 muckers, $60; 12 men to learn
mining _„.
CROWDS GOING.. MURRAY & READY.
BIG WAGES PAID 634-636 Clay st.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE TO
39 SAWMILLS. ETC
Circular sawyer. $4 and found
20 swampers, $40 and found
spool tender. $65 and found
26 bark peelers. $43 and found
gang edger hand. $50 and found
.' Jackscrewers
screw- turner. $65 and found tree fellers
bench hand, planing mill, $30 drag sawyer
woods foreman: sawmill foreman; band saw-
yer and all kinds of help for mills and
woods, $120 to $30 and found _....
ANYBODY WILL, SUIT
363 laborers and men for sawmills and woods,
you'll suit, no experience wanted, $30, $35. $40
and $50 and found
4S7 ' woodchoppers. tlemakers, etc.. for all
parts of . Calitornia. some at gold mines, $3,
$.' M. $2, $1. 75c cord. 10c, lie, 12c. 13c each,
tools- and food found; 23 two-horse teamsters
for min, $50...
WE4PAY MURRAY & READY.
YOUR FARES 634-636 Clay st.
A-FRUIT PICKING 3 MONTHS' JOB
93 men and strong boys to pick all kinds of
fruits etc., anybody will do. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay St.
A— COME down and get our list of 7S65 Jobs and
• read our latest bulletin boards. 'COME
EARLY. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A— STABLES. Dairies, Farm's, Harvest
FIELDS. ...HAY PRESSES. ...ORCHARDS.. .
ETC... .COME. ...SEE
2« stablemen for city and country jobs; host-
lers, buggy washers, harness cleaners and all
round stablemen, $55. $45, $40. $35, $30. $25 and
found
93 farm hands, etc $33, $30, $:6 and found
Z~ milkers and butter makers
$35. $30. $25 and fc-und
12 harvest hands, 6 hay balers $3 50 day
12 choremen and boys, $23. $20, $15. $10 and fd;
sheep herders; coachmen and gardeners, pri-
vate. MURRAY & READY. 634-<O6 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
36 blacksmiths, also helpers and horseshoers,
| $3 to $2 a day
6 wagon woodworkers, $2 SO. $3.
. coremakers. $3
3 carriage makers. $3 6 ircn molders. $3 50
3 bridge builders. $3 50 paper-hanger
handy man around machinery en ranch. $30
and found: painters, carriage trimmers, har-
ness makers, cabinet makers, coopers and
other mechanics. $3 50. It. $3. $2 50 day
COME ALL -
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at
A— WE GAVE EMPLOYMENT
1S97 to upward of 17.000 men
185S to upward of 19,000 men
1899 to upward of-21.000 men
! ZS6 teamsters, laborers., for all parts of Call-
' fornla. Including San Francisco and Oakland,
JO. $2 SO. $2. $1 75 days some boat! at home
accountant for lumber company^
boys for factories, stores, etc;. $4. $3, $6 week:
boys-to deliver circulars: -farmers and wives;
. choremen and wives. -MURRAY & READY,
. 634-6S6 Clay at. - . ¦
I A-HOTEL LAUNDRY....BAKERY.. Butchers'
department
48 cooks, come see — $70. $60. $50. $40. $30 fd
33 waiters.'...: $33. $30. $15 and found
SUNNT flat. 5 rooms and bath. 126^ Liberty.
IiKRMANN l-odee No. 127. F. and A. m
U.— Stated 'reet'.r.* THIS DAY < M °N-^V»
DATI. Aos-ft £. V?.*\ at S o'clock p^ a_«
m. Uy crder of _M W. M. '«*
U. ECin'MACHER. Secretan f.
SECOND. 523—2 nice sunny rear flats, 3 and 4
rooms; rent $3 and $10; bath, yard.
AN interest in a paying legitimate business,
where tervlces of capable man are required;
investigation and ref'neeti. A. B.. box 3.. Call.
STAT1ONI.UY. notions, cigar store; flne loca-
tion; doing pood business. Inquire Call
brand, office. 3)0 Hayes st.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar and 4 living rooms:
filing accoi-nt of sickness; goins East. 446
Clementina st.
A WELL-PAYING phntograrh gallery >n Oak-
land for pale; best of location; a Klondike for
a firfct-class man. See SHILLCOCK.
COFFEE saloon and chop house, with ten fur-
nished rooms, all rented, for sale very cheap;
coed naylnc J^usinej^JJos J^._^_lL___S e :
Bl'TCHEB shop; must be sold: wholesale bills
$300 r»ei week. Inquire 344 Thirteenth Et.
WANTEI>— A sood restaurant: must be cheap;
write particulars. Box_4545. Call office.
FOR *ale — Cisar. tobacco and etatlonery busi-
ness: pood stand. 329 Montgomery ave.
LADY rartner~with $100 cash. Particulars ad-
dreys F. C. box -S?*- Ca j t _g^5f:
SlIC>E~Rin.p for sale: must leave the city. Ad-
drrs^ bnx 2K*. Call ofHce.
F<">R f-ale— Candy and ice cream parlor; good
chance. 4*4 Hayf* Ft.
A DAIRY produce store for sale. 1633 Mia-
rlon ft., hot. 12th and 13th; at bargain.
A GOOD-PAYING shoe shop for sale cheap;
must he sold at once. 4<>4 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKKEPING or shorthand: if you want to
learn in a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 63, Thurlow block. 128 Kearny.
CALIFORNIA" Business College. 305 Larkln"
All branches; thorough; up to date; positions
secured. '
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; g
mos. in collece not equal to S wks. with me,
tZZ. TARR, expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
OCaPEXTAL L<xl*e No. T2. V. and A. «
M.-TH1S iMOMMY) EVENIXG. at Ji
? o'clock. Ftated meeting. Dy order of V 7*
t_e W. M. A4^
TVALTKR O. ANDERSON. Se<-rMarr.
NICE upper flat. 6 rooms, bath; garden; walk
to business; ?20.' S?S Lombard st. ¦ _^^
_^^SJTO LET— Flli^lFE^r"
-^^R^ISHED^aTrT^nTTTnT^btur^FJ
Webster st.. near Sutter; rent IIS.
NE jWLY furnished house: Paciac ave nirth
EAN FRANCISCO Chapter lid. 1. Royal _A_
Arch Uisobs. meet! THIS EVENING. «>
Buriness and K. A. tlr^ree. * v !
MISSION*. 1513, near Eleventh— 6 sunny rooms;
•bath, laundry, yard; rent $18.
help wa:.ted-fbmalb.
WANTED^-A KlrTfor cooking « n< * .^Jl^™!
housework: apply between ¦ 10 and 12. refer
ence required. 2422 Clay st. .
WANTED-A girl for general housework at
2640 Howard st. '
GIRL for general hotisework and cooking: 2
In family: $20. 1445 McAllister st.
TWO chambermaids at Hotel Repelier, 7SI Sut-
ter ft.: call before 8 a. m. ¦__ m \
GIRL for general housework. 344S Twentieth
st., corner Capp.
GIRL for general housework: good wages; call
before 12. gQ7 Devlsadero st. __^ ;
EXPERIENCED youngr lady to work In candy
store; steady work. 1400 Polk st.
A YOUNO 'girl for general housework. 1S05.
La~una st. •
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steady
work: sood pay. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 San-
some st. vj '
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin un d "-
wear; steam power: steady work. G. \\.
REV'NOLDS, 597 Mission st... corner Second.
BRENNER-ULMAN Co. want experienced
operators on dress shirts; steady work; best
' pay. 19 Battery st. •
EXPERIENCED lady In book bindery who
can sew blank books. Oakland Enquirer. 418
Tenth st. '
J100 000 to loan on diamonds, watchea. Jewelry.
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av«.
WOMAN to Iron: hand laundry: steady; call
early. 121 Corbett ave., near Douglass gt.
ENTERPRISING woman wanted by reliable
firm: state age. Box 3271. Call office.
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
plain cooking. Inquire at 333 Capp. nr. IStn.
GOOD trimmer wanted: stood salary. New
; York Millinery. 1208 Market st.
| EXPERIENCED operators on wrappers. NEU.
BAUER EROS.. IS First st.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
I WANTED— Experienced hands on silk and
| woolen waists. S. F. MFG. Co.. 409A Turk st
! EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts:
j good pay. 27 Jessie st.. fifth floor.
WANTED— An experienced operator on Singer
machine: electric power. 231 Powell st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
Folsom at., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH of dee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st. -
LOWER flat. 4 nice rooms. 14 Moss st.,.bet.
Sixth and Seventh, near Howard; ?12.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
i from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
FRENCH readinzs and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIEKE. Lyceum Theater School of Acting.
310-312 O'Farrell st.
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for the university,' law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FLAT 6 sunny rooms, $13. 127^4 Morris ave.. off
Bryant,^ near Sixth.-
HOUSE. 6 rooms and bath, bas-tnent aiil it r T.
14 Reed St.; rent tit. Key IZxlrStSSStZZ'S'
BRODERICK. 724, near M^ia 3t -r-i-^
modern ?unny 7-room house j " "°'
nny house or 7 roo^ »_ ba , h :
FLAT; 6 sunny rooms; large yard; flne view,
'07 Stockton st.
COLOEX Gate Commar.riery Xo. 16. K. ._j-_
T Ooidrn <5ntc buildine. Cf, Sutler K?f^
ft.*— Stated ss**-nibly THIS EVKNING. JC3j
et S o'clock. All fratcrs are courteous- \*^
\y invited.
T.OBERT MiMlLLAN, Km. Com.
WM. T. }-X>NilA. i:.>corder.
MKUTlXi NOTICE5J
A-PIUNTED list; houses to leT^send V-iV „".**
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..^; Si^
EUl'CATIOXAL.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market st.; life
scholarship. {50: Includes shorthand,' typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening:
just added new business rractice offices and
20 new typewritero.
HOISES TO LET.
FliAT/to rent.: Id Adelaide place off Taylor St.,
between Post .and- Geary.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents.. The Weekly Call.
16 paces, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
40 HORSE3 for sale; also wagons, buz-!..""
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Mark,*-"
3~r Sixth st.; auction sales every WednM*^.
BULUVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers? ay "
70 « H^ A:D dratt ' carriage and saddle horsed
Occidental Horse K^change. 721 Howard,
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage tear~s fTTt
ZEIL. Vet. Ptt tist. 605 Golden Gat? ave?
HORSES-Younz, well broken; for all pu-ws»s"
cheap: best in city. 721 Howard st.. nr Th^'
A. M. . SPECK & ' CO.. 667 Market st. •
100 houses." flats," etc.
«1S Herman: h. S r.$27 GO 53 Tremont av; c. 6 r.SM
220 Hyde; h. 8 r... 40 00 1S90 Ellis: f. 6 r 18
669 Geary; f. 6 r.. 30 00 1328B Hayes; f. 6 r.. 20
2019 Pine; f. 6 r..'. 25 00 346 Waller; f. 6 r.... 20
CALIFORNIA. 1 2911— Upper sunny flat." 7 rooms
.and bath; finished room In basement.
FLATof 4 rooms, bath, bay-window, $12. 716
1 X.'itotna .st. ..bet.. Eighth and Ninth. ¦
FLAT, 3 rooms, and. sunny yard; water free;
S7. Apply at 524 Fell Et. "-
FLAT; 6 sunpy rooms: bath. 261S Twenty-sec-
ond St.. ,near:P6trero ave.
ECFINEf-'S OFriCE ef The San Francisco
Cell, comer of MaiJ.et and Third streets, open
urtiS l! o'clock every r.fKht In tV.e year.
BRANfli OFFICES-i^ Jlontgo-iery street.
comer Clay; open unti! 0:3b p. :'i.
TOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. nr.
«2S McAllister street; ojiea until 9:30 p. m.
CS Larkin rtreet: cjwn until 3:30 p. n.
jf^l Mission street; open unti! 10 p. m.
Tin Mission street, corner i^iiteenth; open
f :.-.¦¦ S p. in.
106 Eleventh fctreet; open until 3 p. «n.
iO3fi Valencia street: eprn until S p. m.
Kort_wcst oorner Twer.ty-s.cto.nd and K?r>-
jur'Kv vtrofts; fi'ion until 9 p. ni^
fi.lX FRANCISCO CALL.
CHEAP horse, buggy and harness; also eoci
second-hand milk wagon and one bis wA
horse. Apply between 7 and 9 a. m or 4 toW
p. — u. G03 Ash ave.. oft Lagruoa. st. beticV->i7
McAllUUr and Fulton. ' Delwe --W
BAKiSRS— Bakery, conducted successfully 6
>**rs now belns renovated and fitted up.
to \*C. Arrly on premises, NW. cor. Twenty-
fourth and Guerrero cts.
TO niCNT— Kor cca! yard, milk depot, etc.: fine
location; plac» Is entirely covered; contain* 3
y-'tl's" tr*rt oxilv S15* water free. Inquire \V3A.
HEXDKICKSON _'CO.. 614 Call building^
BUSINESS CHAXCES-7-CONTIXCED.
SlOOa WILL buy a large new building and large
lot; larice basement, livinr rooms and good
well- suitable for Etore or ealoon; srood loca-
tion in the be* t mining town in Tuolumne Co.
Addrees box 29S1. Call office. -' '-'-¦
MME. REMBEHT. 530 Sutter et.'. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON* pleatlnp factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking-. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moftatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 287 Geary St.. dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking* and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market St.,
. above Sixth. _
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale,
FLATS 8TO LET.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manaase. oculist optician, 910 Mkt
"CALL" WANT ADS PAY.
T«!ejrtK>ne-M»:n 1898 MEMORANDUM. - '
Seeds, Grain, Produce, etc. iOu^^ Cla^ > .
tO» CU»T STRICT. ' ( iMTT5TL. t ...— *j4-*£lJSteamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
Sunday, August 5.
fitmr Umatilla, Cousins. 62 hours from Vic
toria.
Strar Greenwood, Fagerlund, 27 hours from
Port Harford.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 26 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nopander, 72 hours . from
Newport.
Rr stmr Wellington, SalmonJ, SO hours frcm
Comox.
• Nor stmr Tltanla, Gulliksen, S3 hours from
Nanalmo.
Rufs ship City of Benares, Hellsten, 149 days
from London.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, 4 days from Wil- !
la^a Harbor. ¦!
¦ Schr Newark, Beck. 13 hours from Bowena
Landing.
. U S stmr Logan, Stlnson, 39 days from Ma- i
nlla. via Nagasaki 18*4 days and Yokohama Ws
da>B - , • SAILED.
Sunday. Aujruv. S.
Ptmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Btmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Luella. Miller .
Stmr Newburg. Hensen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr North Fork, McLallan, Eureka. .. ¦(¦-
Schr Bender Bros. Wetzel. Bowens Landing.
Schr J Epplnger, Skipper. .
Schr Challeneer. Anderson, Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug. 5-10 p. m— Weather
hazy, wind southwest, velocity IS miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Augf 5— Bktn
Katie FHcklnger, from Honolulu; schr Dora
Bluhm. hence July 20; Aug 4— ship Wm H
Snflth, Hongkonp. Sailed Aug 5— Br ship Lord
Templeton. for Cape Town.
¦ SAN PEDRO— Arrived. Aup 4— Schr C H Mer
chant, from Orays Harbor: Aug 6— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Aug 3. Sailed Aug 5— Schr Jennie
Wand, for Eureka.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 5— Stmr Eureka,
hence Aug: 3: stmr Empire, from Coos 'Hay.
•BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Aug »— Stmr
Navarre, hence Auk 4.
NEWPORT (S.)-Arrlved Aue 5-Stmr Bruns
wick from Snn Pedro.
. SEATTLE— Arrived Aug S— Stmr Humboldt.
from Skasuay: Aug 4 — Schr Casco, from Cape
Nome; schr Falcon, from Port Townsend; ship
A J Fuller, hence July 21. Sailed Aug 4-Stmr
Senator, for Caw Nome.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Aug 4— Br schr
Rimae. from Victoria, for .
TACOMA— Arrived Auk 5— Schr Mary E Rush,
hence July 22; echr Annie Larsen, from Ran
¦Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 5— Stmr Be
nuoia. hence Aug 4; stmr National City, from
Newport (S.).
BAN PEI'RO— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Aleatraz,
hence Aug S; schr A M Baxter, from Seattle;
echr J AOAmnbell. from Port Blakeley.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Aug 5— Stmr Na
ve rro 'or San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr Farallon, for
Bkasuay. EAST ' ERX PORT.".
NEW YORK-Salled Aug 4— Tug L Luben
bach, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GENOA-Sailed July 31— Ger stmr I»ls, for
San Francisco.
MOJI— Sailed Aus 1— Br stmr Arab, for
HONOLULU- Arrived July 27— Br ship City
of Hankow, from Newcastle, N. S. W.
. HILO— Arrived July 19— Bark Santlaso. hence
July 7. Sailed July 20— Schr Allen A. for - — .
MAHUKONA— Arrived Aug 5— Brig Harriet
G, from Klhel. • '
•KAHULU1— Sailed July JO— Brig Lurllne. for
Pan : Francisco; schr Robert Searle*, for Tort
KIHEI— Palled "July 23— Ship John C Potter.
forjPuset Sound. • ,
* . OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Deutsch
land.- from ' Hambursr. '.
• QUEENSTOWN— Balled' Aujr 6— Stmr Etru
rla, for New -York. > ¦-. ¦ •- . .
¦ NEW YORK— Arrived Auj &— Stmr Genoa,
from Naples and Gibraltar.
ARRIVED,
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day *.i the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Const Survey charts, except
when a minus si?n (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. Th<* plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 5; 17
Sun sets !'•**
Moon sets "• 0: ** a - m -
MONDAY, AUGUST 6.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times -.and Heights of High and Low
Waters at. Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by. official au
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the Height of ttde Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Aug. &— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka C8 Los Anseles 78
Mount Tamalpals.... 65 Sacramento 18
Independence S2 San Luis Oblspo 72
Red Bluff 8S San Dieeo 68
Fresno .....¦; SS
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 51: mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy and threatening weather
prevails over Oregon and Washington; else
where west of the Rocky Mountains It is clear.
Light rain has fallen over Northwestern Ore
gon and Western Washington. A thunderstorm
Is reported from Seattle.
The pressure has risen generally over the
Pacific Slope and fallen over the Rocky Mount
ain re~lon.
The temperature has risen over Eastern Ltah
and Northeastern Arizona; elsewhere the
changes have been slieht.
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
what warmer weather in California. Monday.
¦Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, endinjt midnight. August 6, 1000:
Northern California— Fair; warmer Monday;
fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah — Fair; cooler Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
somewhat warmer: fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
Weather Report
THE. &AJXJ.' FRANCISCO XJALL, MONI)AY,^^UGIJST 6, 1900.
9
O ITimel ITimel ITimel |Tlme|
» Ft. f 1 Ft. f f Ft. I ! Ft.
n |L W| |H W| [L. W! |H W| f
« ... 1:4S| <M 9:05 3.9 1:02 3.2 7:10 5.4
7 ... J-33 0.0 9:S1 4.2 2:05 3.1 R:09 5.8
8 ... 3.20— 0.3 10:30 4.4 3:02 2.9 9:04 5,7
9 ... 4:02—0.4 11:CS 4.7 3:54 2.6 9:59 5.8
10... 4:43—0.3 11:44 5.0 4:44 2.2 10:53 5.8
11 ... 5:231—0.21 12:19 5.2 5:33 1.8 11:46| 5.7
12 ... 6:02| 0.2! 12:54] 5.4 6:2SJ 1".4 |
Steamer;
From.
I Du*.
Jlatteawan ....|Tacoma IAur. 5
Santa Crua Seattle Auj. 7
Eureka ......... Humboldt Aur. 7
City of Para.... New York Aug. 7
Coroiia San Diego Auk. 7
Empire < Coos Bay Aus. 7
State of Cal...'.. Portland Auk. 8
Robt. Adamson Xanalmo Auk. 8
Bonlta :.... Newport Aug. 9
Crescent City .. Crescent City Auor. 9
Ariata ..'. Coos Bay Auk. 9
Orizaba Humboldt Ausr. 9
City ot Puebja. Victoria Auk. 10
Point Arena, IPolnt Arena Ausr. 10
Santa Rosa ....ISan Diego Aue. 11
Gaelic .*'... IChina and Japan Aup. 11
North Fork I Humboldt Auk. 11-
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sail*.
I Pier.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aus. 6. 3 pm'Pier 2
Columbia ». Portland Aug. 6. 11 amIPler 24
Orizaba Humboldt Ausr. 6. 2 pmlPler 9
O. Dollar.. Grays Harbor Auk. 7, 12 ml
Coos Bay..- Newport Ausr. 7. 9 am Pier 11
Curacao ... Mexico Aug. 7, 10 am Pier 11
J. Klmball. Cape Nome... Auk. 7, 3 pm Pier ?
Eureka Humboldt Au*. 8. 10 ami Pier 13
San Bli«... New York Auk. 8. 12 mlPMSS
Alameda ,.. Australia Ausr. 8. 8 am Pier 7
Corona ..... fan DIbro Aur. 9, 11 amIPler 11
I'matllla ..IVlctorla Aur. 9, 11 amIPler 9
Bonlta INewport Aug. 11, 9 amIPler 11
Arcata ICoos Bay lAup. 11. 12 m Pier II
City PeklnttlChlna&JapanlAuK. 11, lpmlPMSS
San Juan..|Cen. America. |Auk. 11. lpmlPMSS
State of Cal|Portland | Aug. 11, 11 am]Pler !i
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sail*.
I Pier.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aus. 6. 3 pm'Pier 2
Columbia ». Portland Aug. 6. 11 amIPler 24
Orizaba Humboldt Ausr. 6. 2 pmlPler 9
O. Dollar.. Grays Harbor Auk. 7, 12 ml
Coos Bay..- Newport Ausr. 7. 9 am Pier 11
Curacao ... Mexico Aug. 7, 10 am Pier 11
J. Klmball. Cape Nome... Auk. 7, 3 pm Pier ?
Eureka Humboldt Au*. 8. 10 ami Pier 13
San Bli«... New York Auk. 8. 12 mlPMSS
Alameda ,.. Australia Ausr. 8. 8 am Pier 7
Corona ..... fan DIbro Aur. 9, 11 amIPler 11
I'matllla ..IVlctorla Aur. 9, 11 amIPler 9
Bonlta INewport Aug. 11, 9 amIPler 11
Arcata ICoos Bay lAup. 11. 12 m Pier II
City PeklnttlChlna&JapanlAuK. 11, lpmlPMSS
San Juan..|Cen. America. |Auk. 11. lpmlPMSS
State of Cal|Portland | Aug. 11, 11 am]Pler !i
Steamer;
From.
I Du*.
Jlatteawan ....|Tacoma IAur. 5
Santa Crua Seattle Auj. 7
Eureka ......... Humboldt Aur. 7
City of Para.... New York Aug. 7
Coroiia San Diego Auk. 7
Empire < Coos Bay Aus. 7
State of Cal...'.. Portland Auk. 8
Robt. Adamson Xanalmo Auk. 8
Bonlta :.... Newport Aug. 9
Crescent City .. Crescent City Auor. 9
Ariata ..'. Coos Bay Auk. 9
Orizaba Humboldt Ausr. 9
City ot Puebja. Victoria Auk. 10
Point Arena, IPolnt Arena Ausr. 10
Santa Rosa ....ISan Diego Aue. 11
Gaelic .*'... IChina and Japan Aup. 11
North Fork I Humboldt Auk. 11-
O ITimel ITimel ITimel |Tlme|
» Ft. f 1 Ft. f f Ft. I ! Ft.
n |L W| |H W| [L. W! |H W| f
« ... 1:4S| <M 9:05 3.9 1:02 3.2 7:10 5.4
7 ... J-33 0.0 9:S1 4.2 2:05 3.1 R:09 5.8
8 ... 3.20— 0.3 10:30 4.4 3:02 2.9 9:04 5,7
9 ... 4:02—0.4 11:CS 4.7 3:54 2.6 9:59 5.8
10... 4:43—0.3 11:44 5.0 4:44 2.2 10:53 5.8
11 ... 5:231—0.21 12:19 5.2 5:33 1.8 11:46| 5.7
12 ... 6:02| 0.2! 12:54] 5.4 6:2SJ 1".4 |
OAKLAXD FL'ItMTUnE Foil SALtS.
AM Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 20. of seventy-
flve cents <T5c) per Khare on the issued cap-
ital mock of the company haft been declared,
payable at the office of the company, 430 Cal-
ifornia at.. San Francisco, on August 10,
1900. • Transfer books close August 3. 1300, at
noon. A. A.-SPAKKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 18 (thirty
cents per share) of the 1'oauhau Sugar Plan-
, tailon Comuany, will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
Friday. August 10. 19C0. Transfer books
closed on Saturday, August 4, 1900. at 12
o'clock m. E. II. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
mcavoy «fc co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMDALMEP.S
123P Market 8t.. between sth and 9th.
• • • -Telephone- South 247. -. ¦ .
(Succeiiors to Flannasan A Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMKALMERS
20 Fifth »t..' opposite Lincoln rfchooL
Telephone Eouth £0.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and nubscrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Klllm ->re at.
A WEEK'S news for S cent*— The "Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing', fl per year.
CLOSING CEMETERIES.
. On March 30th of this year the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco passed Or-
dinance No. 25. prohibiting the burial of
tho dead within the city and county. -This
law goes Into effect August 1,-1901. His-
tory shows that all large cities have found
It necessary to close, their cemeteries, and
Immediately tho relatives and friends be-
gin to remove their loved ones to cemeter-
ies, less liable ;;to: be disturbed by. the
growth. of the. city. For full particular*
and expenses ln disinterring and. transfer-
ring; bodies apply to Charles H. Jacob A
Co., funeral directors and embalmers, 311
Mason street. "Telephone Main 5213.
VALENCIA. ftZi'6— Sunny front room and
kitchen; furnished: use. of bath: J10 60.
TO LET— A light unfurnished room, one block
from the Call office: cheap. Box 3214, Call,'
HEAL KSTATE COI.WTItV K«r Sntf
'BARGAIN— Fine *tock ranch and central farm
r.ear railroad and this city; jjood tmprove-
.. r rnect»: a lovely h^me; Investigate thl». IL
..,.11. CRANE. Ujf, California st.
[*5FoR r.r.NT- 175 acre farm, AUmeda Co.; cash
: rent. II. IL CKANE, :m California st.
tip ACIJES— 4 mlle« west of Petaluma: welt Im-
'Ir-T*oved; at a r*arffaln: terms reasonable.* Ad-
,.A£r»,i« bcx 109, Lakeport. Cal.
YsroCK an-l cram ranch for sale; Colusa Co.;
!14O acree; $10 uer acre: 500 grain, re«t hill
- land. M. S. CHAN'DON. Maryyllle. Cal.
JV' W£EK"S news for S cents. The 'Weekly Call.
If. i-ojcs. la -nrarper, for icsiliiip, %l per year.
CONSTRUCTION of sewer— Sanitary District
No. 1 of Marin County, Cal.. asks for bids for
the construction of a system of sewers In
Ross Valley. Marin County." as per. plans and
: specifications on die with ¦ the secretary.
. Right, reserved to reject any and all bids.
Bidders will please call between the hours of
9 a. m. and 12 m., and 2 and 4 p. m. All bids
will be opened at a meeting of the Sanitary
Hoard, to be held at the office of the secre-
tary, on Friday, Aug. 17. at 11 o'clock e. m.
' Each bid must be accompanied by a -certified
check for S per cent of the amount of the bid.'
The successful bidder will be required Xa fur-
. nlsh a satisfactory, bond for the full amount
of the contract price. - . . ¦ ¦ : ¦-
-¦ : - ¦ HENRY F. Ar__CST, President
T, B. BERRY, Sec., 120 Butter St., a F.
i Market ft.
">.— HOCFK. tix nvjint; furnished: for «ale at
a Kacriiio*-: 3 rocm« rented. S41 Minna st.
..JCEW c-ttare; « room*. l>ath: let 5'>x:00: Ml! 1 -
, fin: *?«v lerm* or vacant Int. 41 i K*nrny ft.
S-IIOOM c<rif.«re; 237 Punnyeide ave. ; IV> cash.
,,110 r-er mouth. THE McCAHTHY CO.. €48
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
rrir**; p'.ar,» and cttlmBtPR furnished for mil
• building work. CAMPUELL. 1147 ilictlon Bt.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., August 6, 1300.— .Sealed
proposals, in triplicate.* will be received here,
until 12 m.. Thursday, Autcust 16. 1 00. and then
cpened. for furnishing 70 artillery horses at
the Presidio, San Francisco. Government re-
serves right to reject or accept any and all
!>ld« or any i>art thereof. Hids will be con-
sidered for a less number of horses than that
stated. Preference given to articles of domes-
tic production, conditions of price and quality
(Including In the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal and such pref-
erence given to' articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by, the public service
there. Information furnished on application
to J. M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster
Generil. V. S. Army. Chief Quartermaster.
HAVE you real estate north of the Park cr at
. fie Mission that ymi want to sell, then call
— on W. J. GUNX. '•¦i'J California et.
R300-MODEP.N 5--room house In choice location
<-in Wallr-r st.. n»-ar Pierce. 1 block from
Bale— t-st: rar«: finished with marble rteps.
frescoed ceilings. 2 wood mantels, hard tln-
:¦:•.•! baiwnirnt. otc. ; terms one-fourth cash.
fcalarK* I5'J monthly. F. NELEOX. builder.
5CETV handjnrae park residence; only 1 left of
4- contain* 6 rooms. It well built, up-to-date;
will be sold rheao; KS Clayton et. south of
Halght; Kixtli and Taylor sts. and Masonic
av f . c«r« las-s the Coot. J. STIEKLEN.
fcwae-r, on premises.
__AL _»TAT_ — Cl'i* — KOtt SALC
" I'UVSICIA.VS AM* Sl'UCKU.XS.
DR. CRAXFTON. the great upeeiallFt, has re.
Fu'nv-d practice at '.2^ Markft *t.. corner
Taylor: office. 25 il-id M: take elevator.
15 H C <"* O'DONNITLL — OJfice and residence,
N814 Market 5t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
AT a sacrifice — Good 2-story cottage. 8 rooms
and bath: pretty garden; fruit; barn. 667
East Twenty-third st.. bet. 11th and 12th aves.
A. J. SNYDER & CO.,
467 Ninth St.. Oakland, Cal
HAVE you seen those two new houses on Tel-
ej?rapb ave., near Thlrty-flrfet st? If not call
at our office for kej g and further information.
CHOICE INVESTMENT.
Corner that for present Income and future
posplbllltles none can equal; 50x75; three-story
brick; Income $300 per month on five-year lease:
expenses are only taxes and $28 per year on
$10,000 Insurance, with water paid by tenants;
price JJ5.C00. A. J. SNYDER & CO..
457 Ninth st., Oakland. Cal.
REDUCED to $1250— That new Moorish style
cottage on north side of Parsons at.. Ju*t east
of San Pablo ave.; only 5 minutes to Golden
Gate station of the Berkeley local; 40-foot lot;
4 nice rooms, bathroom, pantry, patent toilet,
laundry, etc.; street all sewered; any reason-
able offer as to terms will be accepted; this
Is a bargain. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 452 Ninth
et.. Oakland.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bourht ;
t=on1 po«tal. COLEMAN'R. 506Kearny st.
ALFRELiI'MS Egyptian Henna restores eray
hair to it* natural color, tl: at all druir»rl»t*.
El'ITS to order on ea«y payments. Art Tallor-
Inc Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
|I0 n .OOO TO loan f* diamonds, watches, seal-
Fklnn. TTNCLr: HARItlg. 15 Grant ave.
LEIiERER'S Qulr.tcnlf-a Hair Tonic stops hair
_ " : : 1\ L: —
"WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curie*, all <J«??criptlon«. t!5 Dupont st.
LAPIES 3 ' and g^nts" cs»Ft-ofT clothing bought A
sold. Silvrrman. SM Fnlscm. tel. Folsom 1191.
LEDERER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic, extract
Quir.ine Bark; beneficial, harmless; 35c bot.
DR.. E. C. MERVY ha« taken new offices at
MIRS SHELDON, the celebrated mind-reader.
K.iO Market rt.. parlor T7.
Ji.'iii quickly curlfd or waved by using Tal-
cott's curling fluid; 25c bottle; druggist?.
I'RIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
vf-ars" experience. J. R. BAT, 3i7 Jessie st.
FIRST -CLASS upholsterinjr done at your house
»)>• day nr Job. S. JENSEN, 911 Bush Et.
IMF:. APA. 34 Kearny. 47 Poft. office 10-11: if
f\rk. suffering from any cause, see this won-
<ierfully crifted healer; she will cure you.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ItKAli ItSTATK.
FHIITVALE REAL ESTATE.
POULTRY ranch. 3 acres: 4-room house: upper
Frultvale. Owner. 567 East Twenty-third st.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for II.
pottage paid.
IN Berkeley — Two-story modern cottage, seven
large rooms and bath; double parlors; heavy
moldings; 7-ft. basement; brick foundation;
lot 50x115; street work complete; • price $KD0:
monthly payments If ; desired. Inquire on
premises, 3017 Fulton St.. Ashby Station, or
Heron & Holcomb. 1060 Broadway. Oakland.
NEAT cottage, 5 rooms, bath, pantry, folding
- doors, bay-"wlndbw, ! wooden mantel, high
basement, brick foundation, garden, chicken
house, stable, windmill and tank: lot 40x125;
price fUOO: only $100 cash, balance $15 month-
ly: this Is foreclosed property and a snap; take
Berkeley train, get off at Lorln station; ask
for RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON CO.;
"office open Sundays.
PERSONALS.
THE under?ign<»d will not b* responsible for
P"v <i^i>«« wmrarted by th<> Imperial Tea Co..
" 2rS IIay*-F t^t., aft*>r Julv l. is>.«").
«*ignp.1.J FREDERICK HIGHLAND.
AMATEUR p-ctovra^hers— Save iu per cent by
' having yr<^r wcrk dor.e «t Rembrandt Studio.
' Kr> Market ct.. ccr. Stockton; kodaks. *"— x3i»,
only 2ac: co cfcur^e for blank negatives; pro-
?et?lcr.al advk . free; lessons given. 50c each.
VHE HUDSON RIVER CO.. ~ ~~~
HOPKE BROS.
MattreR»w» and pillnw* made to order, re-
<-ovt-r*d «.i4 renovated: honest work guaran-
teed; pri^s defy competition; fine upholstery;
Pboae S30&; factory, 31* and 320 Eleventh St.;
;.rst-r!BM= rlfamng and dying. 404 Sutter St..
h=»n Francisco.
gjjCSTZTETE of Sci«-n?«; sugreFtlve therapeu-
tics; magnetic healing; personal magnetism;
•mmotiMa. PROFESSOR FISHER. In-
rtrucTor. 517 Mason Ft.
S-'LECTme lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 41 Third «.. near Market: 700 rooms;
IJc to tl f-0 per night: SI Z0 to W per week;
're* "bus and baggage to end from the ferry.
UBDERER. the popular hairdresser: any rtyle
2Sc; «?e window display of Quintonlca this
we»k; switches $1 up. 123 Stockton *t-
FVITS to order on Installments: $1» upward;
*1 a week. LEON LKMOS. 1117 Market st.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Noerraard. Pres. St. Germain College of
PaJmiftry; r»-.ids 1 tn ». 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
TO rent— Modern ftrrf. well lighted; Jix.140;
rent reasonable. 22S Hayes st.
K« Ti rent — f~Uf.Hl office* and rooms in Y. M.
C. A. Mdg. : all modern Imps. : rent very low.
OFFICE- -VMJ STORES — l'O LET.
TTO rent— Restaurant. l>art>er Fhop and cigar
Rand; ><i<v. s. P. dpin-«t. 69S rV.Ur'.h *t.
i SNAP — Almost new: house, 5 rooms, both,
pantry, hot and Cold water, goo-1 windmill
and tank, deep well, nice gardea chicken
house, etc.; lot 30xl. v 5; 2 blccks frotn nation
and electric cars; price $1000; only $!J0 cash,
balance $1? 50 monthly; «Iotj pavlr.f; rent and
own your home by paying sama as" rent;
take Berkeley train, get off at Loiin nation;
ask for RUDOLPH. .PERKINS & LYON CO.;
office open Sundays. .
utes' walk of university; elegant view of bay.
etc.; lot improved with choice fruit trees; a
p:iap; terms to suit.
$3500— El"gnntly situated let, 76x135; 1 block
cf university; the only one to be had In this
vicinity. • - «
$5000 — New modern 9-room house; corner lot;
adjacent to U. C. ; the last one lert of six;
must be seen to be appreciated. WURTS.
1323 Brou.dway, Oakland.
FINEST BUYS IN BERKELET.
$2000— 6-room cottage ; lot 40x130 feet; 5 min-
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 543 Natoma street, thence to at. Pat-
rick's Church, wh*re a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the renOse of her soul,
commcnclnst ct 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. August 3. 1900. Charles
Kmith. a- native of Ireland, aged 46 years.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect'
(CTFrlends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MURPHY- In this city,' . August 5, 1900, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Cornelius Mur-
phy, and slater of Mary Perryman, a native
of "the parish of Causeway, County Kerry,
Ireland.
d_TThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at ¦ 1 o'clock, from the Episcopal
Church, corner E and Fourth' streets, San
Rafael.
McDERMOTT— In this city, Aug. 6, 1000.
Thomas McDernott. beloved husband of
Margaret McDermott. and father of Mamie.
Martie and Celin McDermott. and brother of
Martin McDermott, a native of Ireland, aged
61 years.
icyNotlco of funeral hereafter.
MILLER— At nea. July 30. 1000, William Walter
Miller, beloved son of Mrs. C. Miller, a na-
tive of New York, aged 39 years 10 months and
20 days.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MCALLISTER— August 4. 1900. Charles F. Mc-
Allister, only son of A. C. and Kate Mc-
Allister, aped 34 years 2 months and 24 dayn.
(D^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law, Mr. D. Morceaux, Ninth
streK. between Powell and Folsom. thence
to St. Columba's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Btl Mary's Cemetery.
LINEHAN— In thia city, August S, 1900, at his
residence. 33 1 /* Louisa street. Michael, dearly
beloved husband of Johannah Linehan. and
father of Nonle. Jerry. Josle and Dlnnie Line-
han and Mrs. M. T. D«nnan and Mrs. J. F.
Williamson, a native of the parish of Inls-
carra. County Cork, Ireland, aged (!2 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Episcopal Church. Fulton street, between
Webster and Fillmore. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
LKCI-ALLE— In Emeryville. August 5. 1900,
Lnulfi« Laclalle. a native of Canada, aged 76
years 7 months and 2G days.
ETThe funeral services will be held this day
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence of
her dauclter, Mrs. H. L. Wood. 1719A Eddy
• street. Interment private.
LAUGHLIN— In this city. August j 3l 1900. at her
residence, 1197 Bush street, Mrs. Mary A.
Laughlin, mother of Gregory B.. Charles D.,
Anna and Marguerite Laughlln, also grand-
mother of Anna S. Laughlin. a native of Ire-
land, nged 82 years.
I7A solemn mass of requiem will b« cele-
'brated at St. Peter's Church. Twenty-lourth
and Alabama streets, to-morrow (Tuesday), at
9 o'clock, for the repose of his soul.
GREY— In this city. August 4, 1900. Mary E.
Grey, belove.l mother of Mrs. H. L. Wood, a
native of Kentucky.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 43 Eleventh Btreet. Interment
strictly private. Please omit flowers.
BARRY— There will be a 'solemn requiem an-
niversary high mass celebrated for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Ella E. Barry
this ilay (Monday), at 9 o'clock, in St. Rose's
Church. Friends and acquaintances are re-
Fpectfully invited to attend.
BERRER— In Sacramento. July 31, 1J00. Fred
B. Merger, a native of Baden, Germany, aged
63 years.
BONNET— In this city. August 4. 1900, Zac
BonnPt, a native of France, aged 49 years
and 10 months.
QAHASSINO— In Pan Jose, August 4, 1800.
Henrietta Garasslno. beloved wife of trie late
Stephen Gara?»ino. and mother of Nicolas,
Kate. John. Pauline, Frank and t Dominie
Garasslno, Mrs. Elisabeth . Dondero, Mrs.
Louise Demartini. Mrs. Clara Binsacca and
the late Mary Garasslno, a native of Lal-
guapxlla. Italy, aged 60 years and 3 months.
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), frcm her late residence, 202 North
Tenth street. Pan Jose, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem hlch mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing. at 9:30 o'clock, thence by train
to Holy Cross Cemetery, arriving there at 1
o'clock. ¦ . '
GATIER— In this city. August 4. 1900, Francis
" % E^ belovpd husband et Cells Oatrer, and
•brother of Mrs. Ambrose, a native of France,
¦ a^ed nl years. -. ¦ ¦ • .
(CTTriemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
donce, 4035 Folsom street, thence to St. John's
Church (Old St.- Mary's College), where a low
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose; at bis soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
GRANT— In Dufftown," Scotland/ August' 1. 1900.
Peter Grant, C. E., father of the Rev. James
A. Grant of St. Peter's Church.
May he rest in peace.
ABRAHAMSON— In this city. August 5, 1900.
Charlotte, beloved wife of Hen P. Abraham-
Bon, mother tf Ruth and Naomi Abrahamson,
and daughter of Mrs. William O. Ford, and
sister of Daisy and George E. Fairchlld, a
native of Hanta Barbara. Cal.
Abrahamson. Mrs. C. LauRhlln, Mrs. M. A.
Harry, Ella E. Leeialle, Louise
Berber. Fred B. Linehan. Michael
IJonnet, Zac McAllister. Chas. F.
Garassino. Menedetta McDermott. Thomas
Gatier. Francis E. Miller. William W.
Grant. Peter Murphy, Cathetlne
Grey', Mary E. Smith. Charles
DIED.
HOOMS AVD BOARD.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive interior «nd table. 607 California st.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market st.-Sulte of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin. rms. ; board optional.
POST. 744— Sunny rooms with first-class board;
parlor: piano: phone. t
\ SPECIAL. MOTICISS.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
PORE. 13S0 Market st.. above Jones.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, Jl up;
painting gone. Hartman ~'aint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. . rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
»EWIXG MACUI.\i;s AXU Sfl'l'LlKS.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1815 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE A.M> WAKBIIOUSE*. ¦
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany 2520 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 2S1.
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S4ft— Packing, moving and •storage.
STENOGRAPHY AND TYPKWItlTIX:.
NEW typewriters. $5 down, J5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California St.
BORN.
AITKCN— In this city, July 31. 10CO, to the wife
of George J. Aitken, a sen.
DALY— In this city. July 31. 1900, to the wife of
Thomas M. Daly, a daughter.
GALVIN— In this city, July 30, 1900, to the wife
of Dennis Oalvln. a daughter.
Hlrth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published^
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
i AT C2 Second— Light housekeeping. H 50 to J2 59
per wk.; pintle and double. $1 to J2 50 ptr wk.
EIGHTH. 34B, near Market— Lance sunny back
parlor and regular kitchen furnished for
iiouFekeeping; private family; bath.
; FOLP«~>m. S34— funny front bay-window rm. and
j kitchen: bath; everything private; S3 week.
GREEN, 117— Three sunny connecting roomF.
neatly furnished; sunny yard; quiet place; $10.
I HARRISON. 731 — ( rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping: large yard; bath; rent J16.
; HOWARD, 1GS0— Nice sunny rooms, single and
j housekeeping, with eas; reasonable.
; HOWARD. 1063'4— Sunny completely furnish »d
: housekeeping rooms; also others.
] HOWARD, 1C6S— Rooms to let for housekeeping
i complete; rent reasonable.
j JUNIPER. 2. off Folsom. bet. 10th and 11th—!
i or 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms; bath;
| pun all day; $6 and IS 50.
i LINDEN ave.. 320 — Nicely furnished front room
with use of kitchen. '
• MARKET. 1824-Cozy suite: sun in both
j rooms: ksf range; 116; single room. J9.
j MCALLISTER. 1727— For rent. I unfurnished
1 housekeeping rooms; grate; running- water;
carpets if desired.
! MINNA. 2S— Sunny furnished housekeeping and
! single rooms. 75c and $1 p«T week.
i NINTH. 122— A large front bay-window room,
complete for housekeeping; rent cheap.
I 1 LARGE sunny room furnished complete for
housekeeping: rent tl 25 per week. Apply at
j shoe store, £62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
. MISSION. 1273— S connecting rooms furnished
for hou«ekceping; yard and tanlen.
! OAK. 117—2 sunny parlors furnished for house-
| keeping. $14; single room, same. $s : telephone.
OFARRELL. £02— Housekeeping suites; ele-
gantly furnished; from $13 to $30; also single
rooms. __^__^__^__^^___________
j SILVER. 165, near Fourth— 2 cheap furnished
I rooms for housekeeping.
SUNNY rooms. unfurnished or f"rnlshcd;
housekeeping or otherwise; very reasonable
j E27 Post «t.
! VAN NESS ave.. 43— Front sunny rooms for
housekeeping, $18 a month; also, large front
! room for 2 persons. S12 and $S: front Van N'eim.
i VAN NESS,. 402—2 elegently furnished sunny
j rooms: complete housekpg.: gas atovej reaa.
j YORK. P2S— Parlor floor nicely furnished; three
large runny rooms, bath, gas; basement and
large yard; rlease call.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscription* has been established at 1036 Va-
j lencla rt. '
ROOMS TO LET Farm, and Dnfnrn.
A^HRUNS\\"ICK*Tloi;SE. 148~¥lxth^Rooms
2Se to $1 per night, tl 25 to $5 per week, and
' light housekeeping: open all night.
BOHEMIA. 229 Poet— Finest sunny EUltes In
city for families and gentlemen; all conveni-
ence?; special accommodation for tourists.
BURNETT, 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nishf-d rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
I' Bl'PH. E20— Nicely furn. sunny rooms; tl 53 to $7
wk.; :-c to Jl 00 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
j DEVI8ADERO. 13114. near Ellis— 3 handsome
j furnished sunny rooms for housekeeping. $12.
ELLIS. 330— Large front and back parlor*; sun-
ny; suitable lor physician or dentist.
ELLIS. £37— Sunny bay-window room for 1 or -
gentlemen: with or without board; priv. fam.
FELL, 437— To let, 3 furnished sunny front
rooms.
FIFTEEN minutes' ride brings you from down-
town to the beautifully furnished "ALMO-
«A." the elite FAMILY HOTEL. In the Mis-
sion, corner 20th and Mission sis.
Why pay exorbitant price* for crowded
<Jown-tcwn apartments, when larger, brighter
room* «nd better services are at your com-
mand, for less money — Investigate — Take Mis.
slon st. or Valencia st. car direct; take F1I1-
morf> st. car or Post and Leavenworth cars,
and transfer to Mission et.
FIFTH. SSS— Single furnished. $4 and $5; also
one housekeeping, $7.
FOLSOM. SC5. ccr. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nUhed sunny rm?.. singleorsultes; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1529— 3 unfurnished roomi
for housekeeping; bath and pantry.
GEARY, 4^5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, suite* cr single; travelers acco'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission cts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
GRANT ave.. 7 (Ferndale)— New management;
sunny rooms, en suite or single; transient.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant*sultes: single; tran-
sient: baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S2S— Rooms from {1 week up to $5:
25c to tl night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, S34— Sunny suite, $10; large parlors,
$2 50; small room*, fl.
HOWARD. S8». cor. 6th-Nlcely furnished sunny
rooms: reasonable: by day, week or month.
j MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient
MISSION'. 100&— Sunny furnished front room for
2 sentlenvn.
OFARHELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices ; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POWICt.L, 121-L!ght. clean rms.: suites or sln-
gle: transient: running water: rates reduced.
POWELL. C12A— Funny suite of rooms: also
large sunny front rooms and ethers; reason-
nble.
PROSPECT place. 123. oft California, nr. Pow-
ell— Large sunny rm.. bath. JC; prlv. German.
ROSKDALE House, Jl» and 321 Kills M.-Uoomf,
niirM 25c to fl. week SI 23 to J4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. It6 Ellis st.— Incandescent
!l3ht: reading- room. «m«k1ng-room and tadies'
parlor; rooms, per nieht, 33c to $1 00: wr ek. ?2
¦ to IS: month. $s to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold wnt*>r: baths.
SCOTT. 124. near Halght— Two unfurnished
room* to rent: floor carpeted.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 EiKhtll~7t.T
near Market— FurnlHlied or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 24<M4— Changed hands; nicely furnished
sunny rooms: day. week, month.
STE1XKR. 2122— To let, furnished front room;
1 10 r*T month.
TAYLOR, til— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms.
TAYLOR, 810. bet. Bush and Pine— Four hand-
somely furnished sunny rooms; res, bath,
etc.; all new furniture, carpets; $8 and flO mo.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people, ii. HUGHES, proprietor.
ItOO.Ms KOIl notSLKlitri.NG.
A FLOOR of 4 beautiful large rooms, with
bath; completely furnished for housekeeping;
hot and cold water; pas and telephone; fine
view: healthy location; in a email private
family: no small children wanted: rent rea-
sonable. 4£31 Twentieth Ft., near Castro.
BEOtXTTIOX Fale: new pianos: $¦"> payments
tor r*-nt. ?2 up. RHl'ENN. £01 Post Ft.
FrPKRIOR violin?. lither*. old and new. H.
MIL LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place,
A FEW mere piano* put en sale for storare:
Bt roar own price; a'so Spacer' s retired
Block. WllBOO'i Ptorape, 1710 Market Ft.
W. O. BAPGEU, 411 Parramento Ft., afrent for
Francis Bacun and Hallett & Davis pianos.
EAROAIN— Good piam cheup: inFtallment $3
per month. ECHMtTZ, 10 McAllister st.
SOHMKR & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Oabler, Hamil-
trri piar.O!-. 3"S Putt ft., opp. I'nion square.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post st
Hardinan. Conovrr and other piano*.
A UEACTtFUL upright piano for half price;
leaving city. 615 Van Ness avc.
FIT.CIAL pale— Cpriehtit JTo up; Installments 15
up: rents t2 up. HKISE. 136 Ellis St.
A FINK upright, walnut rase, high fjrade: used
nJiout tlx months: fliO cash; must sen. Room
U, Fl.~-Kl building.
VIOLIN firings; never wet; bept in the world;
making and repairing cf all kinds of musical
;r.s-! rumen is. Carl C Anderson. 417 Geary st.
EEMOVAL of KefSTe's piano store from Van
Ness to S_t Market, hot. 5th an.l 6th. next
Hale Broe.. & will continue reduction sale for
2 weeks: open ev'ngw: call and (ret low pricrs.
ABSOLUTELY the old»>ft and larpent house
west of Cliicapo ia KOHI-KR & CHASE'S.
26. »s and Z0 OFarrell pt. : piano?, or»rans and
all other musical instrumenta of all grades
and prices: terms ea^y; pri.-t-s lowest; every-
thing possible dene to pltaee and satisfy the
customer.
A? 1 usual we ofTer enme fine bargain*
Ono Pteck VpriKht. ualnut cast-; like new
One \\e!*r Ijirieht. walnut ra»e; new.
<»ne Fischer Iprlcht; ln fine order.
One fterlinit L"pri«ht; mahogany case.
One Neumann I'l'ilKht; very Rood
One CUrtKZ I'prlght: oak "case; excellent.
Price* from tlST> up; $3 per month.
I'.KNJ. OUHTAZ & PON. 16 OFarrell st
TYPEWRITERS A.VIJ SUI'IM.IES.
GKKAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRIT ERS^We
sell better machines for ies-s money than any
house in the city: rentals. M. The Typewriter
ExchanRe. 5.16 California, telephone Main 266.
IlKAL KSTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A "PRINTED lift. M. GRIFFIN, 713 Market
City property and farms exchanged and sold.
ALL purchasers of jlanos at SHERMAN, CLAT
mrfJ-^TJ? 1 * ******* of exchanping for
a ? 1 , t^ WAT any tlme THhln three year*
and fu.l purchase i.rice allowed; the best
rr.okerf *f every prade to felect from: beautl-
:ul new u; rights J6 cash, $6 per month; some
ISXLVi^S 1 f «J *"'• « »n<» K oer month.
rSf^i^?' CLAY & °°- STEINWAY
3 T.AL1-.HS. c.irner Kearny and Sutter «t»
.^an l'rancisoo. corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth ¦_, Oakland.
PIANdS rented and rent allowed on put chase
MiralvJ d^ ! C W for a BOod -rtlcle.
HAUYAtg. "d Market f=t.
. JfEW lot of "Baby"' I>eckers Jun received"
M^i-vTiL^ilT 5 " n<1 »<> reasonable In price.
MAL\Als, ,C» Market Ft.
MlsilAI. I\»TUUM_»TS.
THE finest tuninjt and repairing done^t'MAl>
*A1S.* 70* Market st.
ADCtlOSvSALES"
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
$2* - -AT ' 5^
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET
327 SIXTH SiREET,
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST S, AT 11 A. M.
By order of Studebaker Bros, we will sell^
35 VEHICLES, consisting of Carriages. Sur-
ries. Open and Top Buggies. Wagons, Carts, all
new. This is a stock of vehicles from an In-
terior warehouse, now discontinued, an.l must
be sold without limit or reserve. Vehicles at
our warehouse now. '
STUDEBAKER BRO?.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
? v DIRB CTl
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SEInTJ-TOFJ.
WILL SAIL FROM
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
Oflf O/? ABOUT
AUG. 6 and SEPT. 6.
Pafyengrcrs are advised to inspect the Senator
before vurchasinjj tickets via other steamers.
an her second-class and steerage accommoda-
tions are superior to the first-class accommo-
dations on most of the steamers advertised for
Nome. The Pacific Coast Steamship Co. has
been running Its steamers to Alaska— winter
and summer— for 25 years, and la the Pioneer
Pacific Coast Line. For further Information
Inquire of H. H. LLOYD, Ocean Dock. Seattle.
Wash.; N. POSTON. 249 Washington s>t.. I'ort-
land. Or.: W. PARRIP. 124 West Second st..
Lr>s Angeles. Cal.: GOODALL. PERKINS &
CO.. Gen. Acts.. 10 Market st. TICKET OF-
FICE— 4 New Montgomery 8t., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
fcs. wharf. San Francisco:
fCThfc^^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a,
t?3:V>SSfc m -. August ¦«. S. 1^. 13. I*.
*>'»'»'^W\u' w \ ! '*- Felt - 3 - Change to com-
fcfcV. BiKl't'i^ pany's FtParr.ers at SeattlP.
tif^SfH ViH For Victoria. Vancouver
£^SCS>CM 'H. C). Port Tovrn«<-n<l. Se-
• ** i^^. : ?*^' attle. Tacoma. Kverett. Ana-
corte3 and New Wbatcom
(Wash.)— 11 a. m.. Aucust 4.
9, 14. 19. 24, 29. Sept. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Charure at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. It'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humbol.lt Bay— 2 p. m.. Aujrust
1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. Srrt- 3. and every tifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Pan Simeon. Cavu-
ccs. Port Harford (Kan Lois ObispoV Gavict*.
Santa Darhara. Ventura. H'.ieneme. San Pedro
East San Pedro (Loa Anpreles) and Newport—!
a. m.. AuSust 3. 7. 11. 13, 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4.
and every fourth day thereafter..
i For San Diptro. stopping only At Port Har-
i ford (San Lula Obisno). Santa Darbara. Port
Los Anfjeles and Redond" <Los Anpeles> — 11 i.
: m.. A u trust 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 23. 29. Sept. 2.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Maedalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Maratlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa RosalU
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chanff?
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKI'T o»-'V»«K— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKTN'f * CO.. Gen. Atrer.ts.
10 Market ft.. San Franct.vn.
w o. r. & w, no,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMET.S TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. M.
P A n C Jlit first Claii incujdini dsr:i
rMllC $3 Second r h,i oni //.eali.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
; AUKUSt 11. 21. 31
COLUMBIA !>al)s Augrti5t 6. 16. JS. Fept. 3
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helen?, nnd all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
• - . • E. C. "WARD, General A*<?nt-
620 Market et.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dircatch for
Nome,
FORT CLARENCE. CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant, Commodious. Fast Al Passenger
Steamship.
JOHN S, KIMBALL,
.Twenty- five hundred tons' displacement.
TUESDAY, August 7, 1O a. m.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
220 Market Bt.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan jtreets. at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling: at
Kobe OUogo). XnmsaUl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hor.trkonjr with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing-.
SS HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 29. 1900
SS. XIPPOX MARU '.
Saturday. September 23. 1300
SS. AMERICA MART'. .Wednesday. Oct. 17. 1D00
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frcicht and passnse acply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Aijent
AMERICAN LINB.
«W T0RK. BCUT-AMPTOS. L0SD05. ?A_1_
Stopplnic at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. tn.
New York....AUKiiVt Si St. Louis Auruit 23
St. Paul August lii Xev7 York. August _i
FlLO STA^ LINC.
*-tvi Yo'V end Antw»-»
From New York Every Wednesday. 15 noon.
Kensington ..August S| XoordUnd . ,j Auai— H 13
Aragonla August 15i Fiiesl3nd ...Aurrust 33
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
C0MPAOSIE QEIIFRALE TRANSAT-AItTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jjyja*
Tallin? every Thur?ilay. ln.'te.nl of «^KjLj*j
Saturday, from- November 2. 1S39. at •*««C* 1
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton ptreet: L'AQUITAI.VE. Aufrunt 9: LA
DHETAGNE. Aueust 18: LA LORRAINE. Auff-
u«t 13: -LA TOKRAINE. August 30. First
clays to Havre. $<2 SO and upward. Second olass
to Havre. $-"¦.'. and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round trip OENKRAL AGENCY FOR
17VITKD STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Pulldlntr). New York. J. F.
FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 3 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
OCKAXXC S. S. CO.-HONOLUIU, APIA
AUCKI.ASD AX1) SVIJ.NKV.
t=S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia Wed.. Aug. 8, 8 p. m.
P. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
....¦ Wednesday. August 12. t p. m
3. D. 3PRECKEL5 _ B3C3.CO.. A 3 ts.. M MorttQOmen
Pier 7.Foot Pacific SL FrsitjM Otftce. ?27 Msrket St
. BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Atonticello."
•'MON., Tue*.. "Wed.. Thur? and Sat. at 9MJ
o«. ra.. 3:10. 8;S0 P- m. (ex-Thurs. night): Fri-
days 1 p. m. and S:3C: Sundays. 10:30 a. rn., S
p. m.. Landing and office. MUstnn-street Dock.
l>ler No. T. Telephone Main liCS.
FARE 50c
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Son Francisco via Sausaltto Ferryi
WEEK DAVS..»:30 a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS ....S. J. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:10. 3 34 p. m.
Pare San Krunciaco to Summit and return, tl W.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPA18 NOW OPEN
f "*lk Dr.JSibbon's Dispensary,
__<»<S_C_n1 f » — •"> HKABSTf NT. Eitaollstied
fiOTs Ssl ln IJO4 lor thatrwtmentot 1'rlvate
EaiK JBKI Mmiws, Loot Manhndd Debility or
H|_»Hl9t disease ceart am on boxlyand mind and
«3UeS#*4s3 Skin Dlseacw-s. "I h. .lociorcurnwbrn
¦-.KtrX/- 3 -^ ""¦"¦ fa "- Try him. Chargr«» iow
CNBiut__ rur.««oBrnnire1. Callorwrltn
Or. 4. t*. «jiIBBO3i t Box ltfa7 ( Saa FiaacUco
SAXLROAD TSAVI^
koi'TiiKi:.-<i rAciriC: iiHirisr.
|r*oirio«TnKif.)
Tr-la* l»a»v« «»•»¦• »%r«» dm »*. i.rrli • _s
¦ MAN IlllMIMO.
(Main Line. Foot or Market Street.)
is*«« — Fxou JCLT 13, 13C0. — . u»;tj
•7:«Oa Benlda. SulBun. Elmixa, V*ca»Ule.
Ruxna^y »n<l £i»cr»monto ......... •'7:13?
•T:O«a Sb— :u Expreaa— I>at_. WlUiama (tor
Uartletl Springs). Willy ws. tt«d
blufl. Portlsnd. *7:I5p
•7i:ioa Martiner. «-ia lUiuon.ValleJo. 2Ia?a.
(.'BiUtogaamlManta Ruaa •B:I.'»p
"«:«i» a DaTU. W oodland. Kuights Landioe.
.\Un»fille. orotill". *7:%3p
•MiO«» A sljutl ¦ Kxpreu— Osdcn and Cast "11:13a
¦*•«••« H*tt J(>s«, I.Utirinure, MtitckUm,
I«. ii* sacrviitfuto. PUeerville,
M»r»ii»lll<-, Chleo, Itvd Hluir Mi»|
•i:.1i»* O»k<l>U<>, Chincsa (tor YosemiteX
Honor- Carters •¦iil.lp
•!t:0»» Hajw;ir'>. MKs mil Wiy SUtions. * I !:!•"*»
•¦J:i»« a Los Aacete* Eiprew — JUrtines.
Tracy. l_uirop. hu>cktoa. MrtcoU
»iiu him.:-.. *«»4ap
•0:3M* V.UI. I". M*finei an.l V/*j SUIIohs 'Si^-Ir
•IVtOO* Tb<t OrerUml IJmitsd— Ofdou, Don>
ter. Omaha. I'hleagu »3:I3p
•1I:O».\ Mllrn. UTermore. ttcoekton,- Haora-
mvntn. M«n<lot«. Hanford, Via— Ja.
l-urter»l!l«. .'... MilSf
•I 'i-.nn* Hajwanls. Niics and Way SUtlons. '3: l^p
tl:«'»r «»cr»niBn!_i:i%er.Sterinierii 13:0<»a.
•:t:O«p liny w ml.. Nilrs »d<1 Way SUtlons. "SMSp
•4:»ur Vuiliurr.. San Kkmioii. Vallejo.
N^li.». «."»llit,>»». S»;ila Itosa ••»» I »»
•lump ll»Diela. Winter*. Haefamanto,
W,,,,.iii i,l. KnliliU 1-ndbig.
M«ry»il!r. Onxllla •l»:l»4
•ls»'»r Mlai. San JnMiuid.St<iekton »7il3r
•5:O«r I'll.. Owl IJmited— Tracy. Kimiw.
lUkersOaKl. Sanrna lut .1 «ut» ISar*
barn, Us AniHru •»:<3»
*S:OOp Fre*i<> ru«*enger— Martlcvs, Lath-
rop. SV'Cktuo, Mrrcrti, Bcrsiuia
(Uaymond for Yrneralte). »>¦¦¦¦«.. *IStl3r
".Tirifip New Orl-aar Bxprc«— T—keniiielil.
¦¦Sant* Ititrbar*. I. ( .k Angnles. l>su>>
inf. 1*1 l'»"J. .New Orleans aud
Kut •«iJ.'»»
•S:UUp IH> r.,r.!.. NilrM mid Sail Joss *7:ln 4
fU:«i»i- VaMaJa 'lasiap
•ii:oi»r OrinnUl Mail-Og<!en, Cheyenne.
Oin_ia. Ciilc«gn 'lljl.ii
•D:Ol»p Orioi.tal M»i»— OgJen. Denver.
Omi.A. Ctic:u<>. *-lil3p
}?:«Or V— 11; «... Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions l»>.1.1p
*8i«*"tp OregiMi and California Ki|<r<U8, Mao-
fH..iLMit.-. ««)i.i::,.. itH.i.iii.K.
r..itl-.i..l. I'uri s.,.i...l »i..l Kant »«il54
rUVST IHIIMON i^urr.m l.uunr).
< Foot <,[ M.rk.t Street. >
{7:4iA tanta i rti7 Excursion for Santa
Crtia and Principal. Way .Stations t«:O5r
•!til5* HawarM>mtertUI«.Ha*Jt>s«r»ltou.
Buul<t~rOri->>k..SaiiiaC'ri»aiiJWay
Station* "6:*l»p
fJ:l.ip Xvwaik. IV.tf.rTl 1 >. Mm .!.¦.«-., Now
Alma.lnn. f^lton. Itnnl.lnr C'rrtek.
Santa < ntz an.l lrin.-ipil War
Sutlo-is •••«.*»»»
•4«I.Tp Newark. H»n .lote. I.o» G*tos t«"-"*°\
at;iapGlenwoo>I. Felton. Santa Cro» eWi.T»«>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtsiii rai3CUC3-r«tt si Xirkti simiis:i>i)—
-i is 9co ii.oo*. ii. ii::: *2:3 13. :a
•«53 15:33 -6.33f.«*.
rnnoisim-rm •? 3ro.j«. ?.—-«. C3 8.ca io.oo«.u.
t»:C3 m V.SZ »:33 ; 3:33 U-C3 •Z.Zir.u.
COAST IU VISION (nroa.MJaitre).
frhlr.l at.d Tonimwl Sta )
i6:lu*Oce»» Virw. Hoi.f> .- ui Krindnco.. tSIiHT?
t<:«»«San .{nun ami Waj 8t_ ttwM (New
AlMdM ITvilaSMtatsimly) •liSOr
t?:30* tiuniiay F.idiniinn f-r Han Joa&
riatiu L'ruz, Pacifio Grova aad
rrlccipal Way SUtions J»jS3»
•!»iOtl* S«n June, TlM riniis. M*ntik Cruz.
Pacilin Un.tB. I'axi llokles. Naa
"•¦•.i* tll.Ui.il. Surf, Lompoc and
I'rti.ei|.«l Way Statloim *4ilO*
•IOt40« H*i: Jim* •>..! Way .Stations •»!»»«
•I !«::«»* MAii.ln«e,_oaUatos*i'il WcfSUttnns •aniop
t'Jtl3p.S»n Matm, Uclwixxl, M.nlo P»»k,
Palo Alto. .ianUCiar*. *B— « ¦>•«•.
Trea Plnos. Hanu «'i.n. 8a!ioaa.
M on i art- y anrt r*«itie Uru»« flfl::u»».
f»>3«p Han Jote Mi«l Way 8Ull»us *7:3np
tl:15r San Jo«eau.l Principal Way StettaMi •!»:«.*
t'cmifSi'i Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ?»:»»4
¦S(3S>r SanJ.Me au.l ft. neii.nl Way Stations t»:3.1«
•»:J(ir San Jose ami W»y .Stations t»:«»A
Mli-lSr San Jose »m> W>y Stations «?:3(>p
A (or Morning, 1* for Afternoon.
* Daily. ? .Suiialay etrepted. I Sunday only
o Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday, e Similar and Monday.
i CALIFORNIA NORTflVESTfBN ET. CO.
i SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
i TlSurpn Ferry. Foot or Markst St.
I SAN FRANCISCO TO &AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7.30. ».C0. 1I:CO a. m.; 12:33.
1:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. r.». Thursday.— Extra trlj»
at 11:30 o. tn. Saturdays — Extra tri.a at l:5t*
crA 11:30 d. m.
6UNDAYS-8:C0, 9:S0, 11:CO a. in.: 1:30. 1:30,
6:00. «:20 a m.
PAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:S0. 9:M. 11:10 a. m. : 13:43,
!:<0. 5:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and (:33 d. m.
6UNDAT&-»:10. »:40. U:10 a. m.: 1:40. J:40.
S:05. «::. r . p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen ParlC
iam« arhedule as above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Can Francl8Co. [Apr. 15, 1SOO.| Ban Franclaco.
Week J Suit- J I Sun- I Weelc
Day*. ( dayi. ( Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am[ 8:C0 »m! Novata. 10:40 urn! J:40 am
J:30 pn !»:*0 am Petaluma. «:05 pmU0:23 an»
8:13 prn[ 5:00 pml Santa, Roaa. 7:IS pnij »:20 pm
Vulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 ua
II»a!J3bur?.
Lytton.
Geyaei rvllle.
t:Sn pm S:CO am Cloverdal*. T:33 rm «:S3 pm
7:30 ami I Horland I 110:23 »m
1:30 pm| 8:C0 ami and Ufclah. I 7-j pm| «:23 pm
7:30 am 110:25 us
8:00 am Cuernevllle. 7:35 pal
1:30 rm I «:iOptn
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 9:15 am S:Oatn
I and
E:19 pm S:CO pmf Glen Ellen. (:C5 pm S:3O pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami [19:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm 1 6:00 pm! Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pm| 9:20 pm
Btaires connect at s?anta R<^sa for Mark Went
Fprtngs and. White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Sprlne»: at
Oeysenrille for Skaacs Sprlnss: at Cloverdal*
for the Geyiers: at Hopland for Duncan,
Bprtnjc*. Highland Springs. KelseyvEle. Carls-
bad Springs. Poda Bay, Lalceport and Bartlett
Pprlntrs; at tTklah for Vlchjr Springs, Sarmtor*
Fprlnm. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Eprlnss. Upper Lake. Pome, Potter Vall#y.
John Day's. Rlrerslde. Ll*rley"«. Backnell'a.
Panhedrln Helchts. HulWtlle. Orr"» Bot
Eprlnz*. Mendoclna City. Fort Brarr. 'Weiit-
pnrt I'sal, Willlts. LaytonTllle. Cummins.
Bell : s f*prins». Harris, Olsen't. Dyer. ScotU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all pornta
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. USO Market «t.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHIT1NO. R. X. RTAJJ.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.,
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Cammenelns; April 23. 19CO.
FROlt SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAJ-CET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:C0. # »:I0. »:». 11:00 a. m.{
12:"5. *1:4^ 1:13. 4:15, '3:1s. «:15. (:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vall-y and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at »:C0 and 11:35 p. ra.
SUNDAY8-7:C0. •*:«). *):W. U0:00. 11:00. ll:tt
a. m.: 11:45. '1:20. I:*). »J:43. 8:00. «:00. 7J»
p. TO
11:00 a. tn. does not run to Saa Rafael 8u_*
day*.
Trains marked (*) ran to Saa Quentln.
FROM SAN* RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DATS— 0:35. •«:», 7:50. 8:40. »10:15 a.
I m.: 1!:W>. 1:W. *:«. I'M. 4:30. S:3a_p. m,
: EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaya
and Saturday* at •«:« and 10:!0 p. m.
SUNDAYfl—C:13. *J:0O. •S:50. •11:00a, m.; n3:C9
[ m.: 1:00. 2:13. *1:Z). 4:30. '5:13. «:45. 7:30. 1O^»
i Trains marked (*> start from Pan Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:53. «:43, »:C0. 8:55. 10:W a,
Bi.; 11:35. 1:45, ?:43. J:30. 4:M. 5:20 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wedndsdaya
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:23 p. m.
BCNDATS— «:25. S:«5. 10:05. U-.10 a- m. : 13OX
l;20 1:30. 1:45. 4:55. «:15. 7:05, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINi
1 T:00 a. m. w*«lc day*— Caxadero and way it*.
I tlons.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
5:15 p. n. weekdays fStturdays «xcept«d>->
Point Reyes and way stations.
S:Ct> a. ra. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - *
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Rey«» and way
! stations.
SANTA FE ROUTE TRAINS.
FOOT OF MARKET STREET.
= **2 _ "» = <» 2*t
: 3 o ; » DESTINATION. : » ? 3 5
: =>a ; g, , ..-.;- :-_, : j»
• £.— • . ________ • " • Ea>
Hm~P Tiw7 Lv San FrancUco Ar «:00 p 1:00^
ll:0j p R:3>)p Ar* Stockton Lv 2^0 p 4:40 a
1-1* u 2:45 P '* Merced •• 12:28 p J:4:» j.
S ; 05a|4:3iP ** Fresnr» •• in:30 a 1:00 a,
IMm 5:« p " Hanford ~ 4:31a 7:55 p
4:ma «:1S p " VisalU " S:3Sall:2tp
5:10 a «:W p " Tulare •• 8:15all;il3p
7-29 a 8:*i P " Cakersfleld " (:00 a 9:00 o
.lit!... 5:lip " Kansas City " 10:50 a „
. 7:40 a " Chicago " U;C0 p
itociT- Stock-
ton ton
Daily- I Daily.
... . .. 4:1<) p Lv San Francisco Ar 11:05 a .......
MlinlAr S'tnflrt^n L<r 8.nn al
Wfisfly CaUi.00 wTiiar
ON furniture, plar.os. without removal: no com-
mlssion; ifivate. LICK. 116 McAllister et.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorner
Ajtenry, ]« I'helan bulldin*.
CASH leaned to salaried |wople on note without
lE.I.-rf>r. MOP.KELL. fr'a Extminer buildinic.
ANY turn. l5t or 2d mortcapes. .states in pro-
l-«!^. .hatteU. t-tc. II. tt.3. Kxaminer buildins.
ON furniture, pianos; 3 per cent jwr month; no
commission. Mrs. WUron. rm. 101, G Eddy st.
TO salaried poop,e without security; all busi-
noff confident iaL Tou^lcy Co.. 321 Parrott b\K.
ANY amount on furniture and planoe; S per
ccr.t; no removal; no com. Room 81, 6 Eddy.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
r.ian.-ii': no removal; low rates; ronfldentiaL
HOXELLI, 501 Jones *t.. corner IMdy.
5_».ooo »t 6 tt cent ln mnu to *ult in city; also
fliO.'-'ij on larjre ranch»»*; also on second mort-
papes. n. J. MEBCER & SON. KM Pine St.
. .... . - . - Office of
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO./ y ,
REAL ESTATE AND
INSURANCE BROKERS, . . • . -
j ~ 1003 BrocLd.w_,v - « >
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 3d, 1900/
Pre °SAN FRANCISCO', CAL.
DEAR SIR — We advertised a piece of property on. 32d street,
this city, in several San Francisco papers last week, including
an insertion for three times in your Oakland Real Estate' Column,
and are glad to say that we sold the property through the m = dium
of your paper. We have always met. with good results from adver r
tisencents in the ''CALL, ' ' and must say that they always pay for
themselves several times over with direct business.
Very respectfully,
MOXEY TO LOAX.
AT 1"C Kearr.y Et.. room «. respectable private
piace to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
fully Invited to attend the funeral this -day
(Monday), at S o'clock, from the parlors of
J. 8. Godeau, '305 Montgomery avenue, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Faciflc. Coast Walters' Assoclatlbn.Local , Italians are making preparations
for a solemn requiem mass in commemo
ration of the tragic death of the late
King Humbert. The Saiesian Fathers of
the Church of Sts. Peter and Paul
are the originators of ;the idea and the
leading members of the Italian colony are.
interested in the movement. .
Mass for King Humbert.
Grand Master W. W. Watson and Past
Grand Master. Karl C. Breuck addressed
delegates from the several local lodges of
Odd Fellows yesterday on the subject of
inviting the Sovereign Grand Lodge to
hold its session in this city in 1901 or 1902
Mr. Breuck read a number of letters from
prominent members of the order in the
East who stated that there was but little
doubt as to the acceptance of the invita
tion, as many of the - representatives - to
the next session were in favor of holding
a session in the West. It was announced
that the cost of entertaining the visitors
would not exceed $5000. vwiurs
Sovereign Grand Lodge.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best In city.*
Few Tennis Matches.
Several matches were played yesterday
in the continuous tournament at the Cali
fornia Tennis Club, the most' Important
one being that of Robert "Whitney vs
AV. B. Collier - Jr. In a five-set match
Whitney won, &-4, 2—6, 6— 1, ¦ 2-6, 6-S.
Merle Johnson beat James A. Code. S— 3
6—1. Professor Daily beat A. Worthine
ton, 7—5. 6-0, 6—3. Merle Johnson beat
Dr. Lane. 6— 3. 6—2. Robert Whitney beat
Bay Cornell. 6-4, 6-3.
Policemen Jordan and Sullivan last
night visited, a wine "joint" at Mission
and Second streets and proceeded to arrest
the noisy inmates. The proprietor, whose
name is I^ouis Cardorel, attempted to stop
them and was arrested for interfering
with an ofiiccr. Two of the visitors were
taken into custody and charged with
drunkenness. The Police Commissioners
willl be asked Tuesday night to revoke
Cardorel's license to sell liquor.
Interfered With the Officers.
Rev. Father Joseph McQuald will de
liver a lecture on his observations in the
Philippines in Metropolitan Temple "Wed
nesday evening next. The Reverend,
Father has lectured In the East and in
Rome. He has also been listened to In
the Philippines. He is an entertaining
talker and his views will be worth hear
ing as he was a close observer of the
scenes a*id events In the Isle of Luzon.
The receipts from the lecture will be
used to help pay off the debt on Holy
Cross Church. The price of a ticket has
been placed at fifty cents: reserved seats
twenty-five cents extra. They are on sale
at the Monitor office.
Lecture on Philippines.
Eherrie Mathews' Daughter Honored
by the Members of the Com- ,
' . edy Company. A ; ;
Little Virginia Mathews, daughter of
Sherrle Mathews, the well-known come
dian, who with Harry Bulger is winning
smiles from audiences at the California
Theater, wan presented with a diamond
studded watch last Saturday night by the
members of the company. The presenta
tion speech was delivered by Manager
Dunne on the stage and was as great' a
surprise to the little maiden as it was
to the audience.
The pretty tot is a universal favorite
with the members of the "all-star" ag
gregation and they, wishing to show their
appreciation for her, contributed to a
fund which was used In buying the hand
some timepiece. When Virginia pattered
on the stage along with the Japanese
maids of the chorus she attracted marked
attention by her cute movements, and
when Manager Dunne, in behalf of the
company, presented the token to the lit
tle maid ¦ the audience expressed its ap
proval with hearty applause. Sherrie
Mathews was visibly touched by the kind
ly feeling shown his little girl and tried
to hide his pleasure by kissing her. The
scene was quickly over and was consider
ed the most charming of the production.
HANDSOME TIMEPIECE
FOR A LITTLE ACTRESS
The pall-bearers were John A. , Roy. A.
C. Rulofson and Thomas Kyle, repre
senting California Commandery; C. T.
Hamilton. Senator George C. Perkins
and Dr. McNutt of the California Com
mandery; Henry White of Yerba Buena
Lodge No. 5 and A. H. Hayward of the
same society. The Interment took place
in Masonic Cemetery, i^araji
Impressive were the services over the
remains of^ the late Mllo Sidney Jeffers,
held yesterday afternoon with full Ma
sonic honors in Masonic Temple.
¦ 11. P. Umbsen, master of Califo#»fla
Lodge No. 1, :read the impressive ritual.
He was assisted by the Rev. F. W. Clam
pett of. Trinity Church. . The Masonic
Quartet— J. R.: Ogilvie. first tenor; S. D.
Mayer, second tenor; J. F. Fleming, first
bass: J. R. Jones, second bass— sang "Go
to Thy Rest in. Peace" and "Good Night."
After a prayer by the Rev. Mr. Clam
pett, in which ho referred to the "last
honors paid 'by man to man" as being
the drop of sweet in the bitter cup -of
sorrow," the funeral procession, headed
by California Lodge in full regalia,
passed mil lOlIf JtHlliJH.iTl
of the Late Milo Sidney
Jeffers.
Impressive Services at the Funeral
CONSIGNED TO THE GRAVE
WITH MASONIC HONORS
Michael Quinlan, a private of Company
I, Twentieth Infantry, attempted to board
a Union-street car, near the entrance to
the Presidio, Saturday night and fell In
such a manner that the car passed over
his left leg. .
The Injured man was carried to the
General Hospital at the Presidio, where
it was found necessary to amputate the
leg just below the knee.
Quinlan was Intoxicated at the time.
He was attached to the convalescent de
tachment, having lately been discharged
from the hospital.
TOO MUCH DRINK COSTS
MICHAEL QUINLAN A LEG
Two Accused Food Inspectors Antici
pate the Action of the Board
of Health.
The two food inspectors. John Tracy
and Joseph Lahcny. who have been under
investigation by the Board of Health for
eevera: days past, sent in their resigna
tions Saturday to take effect to-day. The
rcfignatlons have been accepted. The two
officials forestalled the decision of the
board to dismiss them becau8e of certain
irregularities. Both men hitherto had
borne pood reputations, but charges were
made by Health Officer O.'Brien that they
had made reports of condemnation of food
which never took place. It was also dis
covered that no convictions for violations
of the pure food law have been obtained
for some time past.
When the charges were made about one
w«k ago the two Inppectors were tus
pended pendir.R an investigation, which
was referred to the committee on labora
tories and food inspection, of which Dr.
Bazct 5s chairman. The committee met
fcaturday evening and the members were
dcset«i together for over an hour. The
two inspectors who are under fire waited
patiently outside In the corridor, and evi
dently believlnc that the' long discussion
•would result in unfavorable action con
cluded to file i heir resignations, and the
secret region came to an abrupt end.
RES1GNED AND WERE
SAVED FROM DISMISSAL
Annual Picnic of the Union at
Schuetzer. Park Is Largely-
Attended.
The annual picnic of the Dray
men's and Teamster's Union of this city
was held at Schuetzen Park yesterday.
Nearly three thousand people attended
and made merry. Truck loads, of fun and
drays full of good things to eat fell to
the lot of the gay teamsters. During the
courso of the day many visited San Ra
fael and varied the experience of city
driving with jaunts over the country
roads In that locality.
At the park a brass band supplied music
for the dancers In the pavilion. On the
grounds tho teamsters engaged in the
many games provided by a thoughtful
management for their amusement. Among
the interesting events was a pig-catching
contest. Robert Baker caught the pig.
Across the road from the park is Farm
er Cornhill's watermelon patch, sur
rounded by a barbed-wire fence. Among
the gentlemen who returned to the city
with torn trousers were: R. Dutton,
president of the union, D. Keating, D.
Fitzpatrick, W. Dooley and the smiling
John French. . .
The committee of arrangements was
composed of: R. Dutton (chairman), H.
Fegge, J. Steuart, "W. French, T. Noonan,
C. E. Drish, D. Keating. J. Pearson, R.
Baker. S. Englander, F. Kentley, J.
McGuire.
TEAMSTERS ENJOY A
DAY IN THE COUNTRY
w w AHILE proceeding to shoot what he though was
1 I I a cat, Coy Boyd, a young man with a borrowed
\JiJ rifle, painfully wounded John McKenzie, an in
mate of the Almshouse. as he was peacefully
reading a paper yesterday.
The boy Is about 15 years old. Ho lives at 204 San
Jose avenue with , his stepfather. A. Waldler, a milk
man. Yesterday morning Coy, his two brothers and a
neighbor's son, took one of Waldier's wagons and started
on a hunting trip, their arms being a 22-callber rifle bor
rowed from a boy named Hintz. They drove to the Lake
Honda district and for some hours hunted for squirrels.
Coy was the sportsman, while the other two boys rounded
up the game and retrieved whenever anything was killed.
Three squirrels was the bag when the boys tired of
' their hunt and started for home.
There were more cartridges,^however, and the boys
were unwilling to bring any home unused, so fence posts,
sign posts, dogs and cats suffered all along the road from
Lake Honda to where they ran across McKenzie reading
his paper. They had just reached the crossroads near the
Almshouse when Coy saw what they took to be a cat
sitting upon a rock, placidly washing her face with a
right forepaw. The rocks were in the corner of a corn
patch in a good light and with, a good background, and
it looked a sure hit. Coy got down from the wagon* and
approaching within fifty yards he cautiously drew a
bead on the supposed cat and fired.
It was not a cat, however. It was McKenzIe's gray
head that looked so like a cat's back, and. the nodding
corner of the paper he was reading, to the excited Imagin
ation of the boys, did duty for a busy, cleanly forepaw.
It was a very low shot, luckily, or the result might have
been very serious. It was bad enough as it was, for the
bullet struck McKenzie in the jaw, breaking It in its.
passage, and lodged in the root of his tongue. '¦{¦(:.
As soon as he was hit he dropped his paper and
started for the boys, but Coy scrambled back into the
wagon and they drove off. McKenzie hurried to the
Almshouse, where Dr. \V. E. Conlan extracted the bullet
and dressed the wound.
The police were notified and Detectives Hayes and
Feeney were detailed on the case. They arrested Coy and
took the rifle, and he was locked up on a charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon. He was released on $10 bail.
He was more concerned about the rifle, which he feared
would be- confiscated, than he was about McKenzie's
condition, j •.:•-* f^-'-'r^Jr ..'
FOR the first time in years Policeman Daniel Lyons
left the hammer of his revolver resting on a loaded
cartridge yesterday, and as if waiting for the chance
the weapon fell from his pocket and shot him in the
leg.
Lyons was on the run after lotterymen in Chinatown
when the accident happened, and his revolver fell on the
cobblestones of Jackson street. It had always been hia
custom to let the hammer down on an empty chamber, but
he had only recently returned from a vacation and his re
volver was in the same condition as it was when he came,
home. He had the weapon with him in the country to
practice target shooting, and he got in the habit of load
ing the cylinder full. When he went back to duty he
neglected to leave an empty chamber opposite the ham
mer and the revolver was ready to take advantage of
the fall when it came.
Lyons and Policeman Brady were watching the oper
ations of a lottery ticket marker In a room at S22 Jack
eon street. They were on the roof of S25, across the
street, when they saw him marking a ticket, bo they
went down to the doorway of i23 to watch for some on©
to go in. A Chinese entered the place soon after they
took, their stand in the doorway, and after giving hftn a
few moments' grace they started over to catch the man
either in the act of having the ticket marked or as he
was receiving It from the marker. As they did not want
a warning to get there ahead of them they ran as fast
as they could, Lyons leading and Brady a few feet be
hind him. It was just in the middle of the street that
the revolver, shaken out of Lyons' hip pocket by his
exertions, fell on the pavement and was discharged.
The bullet struck Lyons in the left leg about two
inches above the ankle. It drove clean through the bone
and lodged under the skin on the other side, making a
painful wound, and one that disabled the officer, but
which will heal in a few weeks and leave him as well
as ever. Had the bone been shattered it would havo
been a serious hurt, but the hole was drilled so cleanly
through that the Injury does not amount to so serious
a matter as a fracture.
Lyons was sent to St. Mary's Hospital, where he will
remain until again fit for duty. He was on© of the new
Chinatown squad under Sergeant McManus. He has
been on the force for eight or nirio years and never had
an accident befall him before. He has been known as a
very careful officer. . ¦¦*
PBINCIPAXS AND INCIDENTS IN TWO SUNDAY ACCIDENTS.
Delivers an Interesting Lecture Be
fore the Ethical Institute in
metropolitan Hall. r
The Sunday evening lectures under the
auspices of the Ethical Institute were re
sumed at Metropolitan Temple last night
•when Benjamin Kay Mills delivered an
address on "Who Is the Infidel?"
Mr. Mills said that one reason why we
cannot define infidelity, which, from its
verj- form is eoiBetninf? of a negation. Is
because we cannot define orthodoxy. He
held that a creed is valuable as an In
dication of the thought of the people at
the time it was written — it is exceedingly
valuable as a matter of history — but the
¦world moves on and the things that used
To be accepted and rightly accepted are to
be locked on now as we look upon the
antiquated vehicles in which our an
cestors used to travel.
"Those who are true believers', " safd
Mr. Mills, "at the close of the nineteenth
century are sometimes called by the
thoughtless by the name of infldel«. but
if we, who -write on our banners no words
except freedom, truth, progress and love,
nre infidels, how shall we define believers?
If to allirm th" fall of man and the ruin
of the race; if to conpig:n the heathen and
two-thirds of the inhabitants of Chris
tendom to eternal torture; If to announce
That God has only once revealed himself
to men and then only to a limited few;
if to teach that only one way of escape
from perdition is by a credulous gym
nastic of intellect, impossible to a vast
majority of the human race, then let us
glory in inndelitv."
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS
DEFINES THE INFIDEL
Funeral of Captain Frederick Jerome.
Honored as a Hero in England
and America.
The remains of Captain Frederick Je
rome, seaman and hero, were laid to rest
yesterday in Odd Fellows' Cemetery. The
funeral was conducted by the California
Society of Pioneers. The services held at
Pioneer Hall were, at the request of the
dead mail, simple. A touching sermon
was delivered over the remains by Rev.
S. H. Willey, chaplain of the California
Pioneeers. The ritual of the Pioneers
was the service used. The Masonic
Quartet rendered several selections.
Captain Frederick Jerome had an en
viable record for bravery and daring acts
of heroism. He was presented with the
freedom of the city of New York and an
elegant dnuff-box for saving lives in the
wrecks of the Henry Clay and Ocean
Monarch in the year 1S46 and 1S4S. Cap
tain Jerome also saved the lives of the
captain of the Lucky Star and his wife
and children, who were wrecked on the
coast of Formosa in 1SC2. He was espe-i
daliy honored by a present from Queen
Victoria for his heroism in the British
channel. He was presented with a gold
medal by the city of Liverpool, and was
made a life member of the Pioneer So
ciety of California by unanimous vote.
Captain Jerome has also saved many lives
in the bay of San Francisco and was in
consequence well known and beloved here.
MAN WHO SAVED MANY
LIVES IS LAID TO REST
Policeman Lyons Is Shot
in the Leg by Has
Own Weapon,
Coy Boyd Mistakes am Old
Main's Head for a
The sermon was preached by the Rev.
James It. Newell, O. P. He dwelt at length
on the life of the saint. He compared the
elforts of the founder of the order of the
Jesuits to the zeal of Luther, who lived in
the same period. The reverend father
stated that at the close of the life of St.
Ignatius he left the order of the Jesuits
iirmly established. At the time of his
death there were over one thousand mem
bers in the "order and over one hundred
thousand people receiving instruction.
There was also a special mass offered
up at 7:cO o'clock for the Gentlemen's
bodality. ' The mays was celebrated
In the sodality chapel and was on behalf
of the spiritual and temporal welfare of
the members and their benefactors. The
sodality Is under the protection of St. Ig
natius and accordingly the attendance by
the members at the mass was very large.
At the vespers and benediction service
in the evening the Rev. Frieden, S. J., also
officiated. The sermon was preached by
tho Rev. Donald McKinnon, S. J. The
musical programme at the evening service
was also very elaborate: Prelude and
fugue in C minor; Vespers Gregorian;
••Magnificat," Cagllero; Allegro from Han
del s "First Organ Concerto," by Dr. Mau
rice W. O'Connell.
Solemn high mass was celebrated by the
Rev. John P. Frieden. S. J.. at 10:30
o'clock. He was assisted by the Rev.
Richard Bell. S. J., and Charles F. Car
roll, S. J., as deacon and subdeacon, re
spectively. A special musical programme
had been arranged for the occasion.
Yesterday being the day ordained by the
church to be observed In honor of St. Ig
natius, there v/ere special services by the
Jesuit fathers at St. Ignatius Church,
both in the morning and evening.
An Eloquent Sermon by Father
Newell on the Life of the .
Patron Saint and
Its Lesson. ;
Solemn High Mass Celebrated
at Their Church by
Father Frieden.
ST. IGNATIUS
DAY OBSERVED
BY THE JESUITS
After Calnari had jumped his bonds
rather than take a chance of spending a
long term in State's prison, two detectives
visited his home and unearthed th«»
stolen boots. They were at once returned
to Captain Gillin, who requested that th«»
matter be kept quiet.
The police are row satisfied that Calnan,
after being released on bonds. Tvas put
aboard a deep-water vessel by his friends,
who were determined to save him from
the disgrace of being compelled to wear
Ftripes. To-morrow night the Police Com
missioners will hear evidence in the Mc
llillan case and then formally dismiss
Cainan from the department.
With brazen effrontery Calnan ques
tioned every member of the station about
the disappearance of the boots, and after
a. pretended investigation, lasting over a
week, he reported to Olllin that he had
been unable to locate the thief. All this
time the stolen footgear was in the base
ment of his home.
In order to shield himself Calnan at
tempted to cast -suspicion on an officer
¦who has grown gTay in the service and
•whose refutation for honesty has long
l>een established. Captain Gillin refused
to believe that the orticer was guilty of
•¦MeaJir.g- his boots, but not to discourage
Cainan he ordered him to make a further
investigation.
Since the hurried departure of Police
man Calnan from the State to escape
prosecution 'or stealing a horse from a
man named McMillan many additional
'thefts oorarniued by the policeman have
con-.e to lijErht. One of the most amusing
vas the pilfering: of a pair of riding boots
'from Captain Gillin. his commanding o*
¦ iicer. Gillin had purchased the boots only
a short time before, and after proudly
showi:i& them to his subordinates he
placed them in his locker at the Saven
<««inth-strtt;t Ftation. The following day
he went to get the boots and was sur
prised to find them sor.e. Calling in Cal
'nau, who was then acting as sergeant, he
1 Informed him of the theft of the boots and
vrjerod him to make a. thorough invest i
j nation. Oaln;in expressed surprise that
| any one should have the audacity to rob
the captain's locker, and with many ex
pressions of regret for the loss of the
•boots he swore to land the thief or die
"in the attempt.
After Being Ordered to Slake Inves
tigation Celnan Tried, to Cast
Stispicion on a Fel
low Officer. ,
Were Stolen From a Locker
in Seventeenth-Street
Station.
GILLIN'S RIDING
BOOTS FOUND IN
CALNAN'S CELLAR
FREAKISH SUNDAY FIREARM ACCIDENTS
RESULT IN INJURIES TO TWO VICTIflS
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 6, , 190O.
10
CPPPER>MITH.
ff SMITH ShlD p lumblngr. steamboat and
iT ill J " illUl Ship Work a specialty. 15 and
1* Washington St. Telephone Main 5641.
Electrical Enrlneer. SS East St.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
THOS. fl. B. YiRNEY, Market and Tenth Streets, S. P.
•. Trapper's Oil cares rheumatism and neurajg-la.
Druggists, DOo flask. . Richard* & Co., 40S Clay..
We buy trunks by the carload. That's
why we sell good trunks at reasonable
prices.. Suit cases, valises, traveling bags,
coin purses and pocketbooks In our leath-
er goods department. Sanborn, . Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. ' •
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capce; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 528 Sutt«r» •
STATIONER AND PKINTE3.
Telesraphlo pi RTOnfjP ** California
Codes. 1 Aft 1 D.W UL street
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEJf
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Be« Coal la ta«
market. Office and Yards — (30 Mnln »tn»*t-
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO..
23 First st.. San Francisco.
PRIMT1N3.
E- C BUGHE5. U1 Jg£™2t. «. r .
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lut>ricatinK Oils. Schneider's Mlnlnjc
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 8. F.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OII-& LEONARD * El*-
LIS. 41S Front it.. S. F. Phone Mala 1719.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype meUK Paclfla
Metal Works. 137-9 First *»t.. San Francisco.
Union Lithograph Co.. £5 Sanaome at.. Artlstta
Lithographers and Printers. Government Li-
censee for Imprinting of Revenu* Stanrpm.
LITHOGRAPHI.NO.
HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. Robinson Chem. Co.. 1169 Howard.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— 50c quality 40C
It is reported teas will advance—
the same high standard will still be
maintained here — ten varieties
Coffee— Pasha blend 2J^C
It pays to advertise good coffee —
that's why these sales are repeated —
re S'ly 35C lb «
BaCOn— Armour 16JC
A slice or two for breakfast tastes
good the year round—^reg'ly 18c lb
Brandy— California gallon $3
reg'ly. 54 gal Si bot 3 bottles 2
For brandy fruits — for medicinal use -
Tomato catsup— 3 bottles 50c
Rich flavor — will not ferment or
sour— rcg'Iy 20c bottle— O B & Co
Shrimps— 1 lb can 3 for 35c
For salad — ready luncheon — good
quality — reg'ly 15c can
Sweet pickles— Pin! Money 30C
. Crisps— delightfully flavored —
gherkins — mixed — pepper and melon
mango— reg'ly 40c pint
Wh i te win e—Howeii mt. 65c
Rhine type — riesling — rich flavor —
reg'ly Si gallon
Uneeda Jinger Wayfers ioc
" Biscuits ioc 3 for 25c
Sardines^French I2 k
Next to boneless fish we have
-nothing finer— reg'ly 15c can— Better
Devilled crab 20c ?oc
A more gratifying dish could not
be served at this time— a dainty sea
food— reg'ly 25c and 40c can
Eastern cheese-Va/arfm 20c
From Herkimer Co New York— v
think of Welsh rare-bit and
Everard beer— reg'ly 22k lb
Horse-radish -mustard izhc
A wholesome relish with boiled
meats— reg'ly 15c bottle
Tooth brushes— English 25c
Kent's— the best grade he makes
reg'ly here 35c
Toilet soap— g b&co hotel 25c
This is unusual value— plenty of
lather— reg'ly 30c dozen
Window screens 25c 35c
. The fVyer^-adjustable
P fits windows 33 and 37 inches wide
oak frame — reg'ly 30c and 40c
Toilet Water— Rogerd; Qallet 50C
Delicate and lasting odors—
1, reg'ly 55c .bottle. ~-
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
You profit by these sales
— so do we — that's why our
advertisement appears regu-
larly here ,.^
BDWEN
1 & CO
Bouillon capsules zj
Pure beef extract— celery flavor— '
nourishing — reg'ly 30c box of ten
Cigars— Key West 4 for 2>
Perla de Santiago— box of 50 J
a m'rtd sweet cigar — worth a trial
August catalogue is ready and fufi
nsefu! hints to house-keepers— prl.
quoted on everthing we sell
431 Pln« 23* Satter «3oo California San FtaadK*
107J Clay between Eleventh an4 Twelfth Oakltai
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists MalUi
on Application.
DIRECTORY
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. SOS Cal.. dual* Be
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS ROVFS £ fft Shipping Butcbtr*. 1M
JAJ« DIM LJ U vU« clay. TeL Mala 1294.
GALVAMZIN3 AND METALS.
Mr*. «e Dealer In Metals A Galvanizing. JOHJT
.FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard St.
GOLDBERG. BOWEN ft COS SPECIAL SAVING 3-
GOLDBERG, BO WEN ft CO'B SPECIAL SAVING SALS
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Our Mall Order Department is most complete.
All orders for samples or goods filled and
shipped the same dau theu are received.
NEW COLORED SILK POPLINS, NEW NOV-
ELTY SILKS, NEW SILK CREPE DE CHENE.
both colored and black; NEW BLACK AND
COLORED SILK VELVETS, both Danne and
Dlain; NEW COLORED AND BLACK SILK
TAFFETAS, NEW GOLF SKIRTINGS, NEW
ENGLISH AND FRENCH CLOTHS, NEW
FANCY FLANNELS, NEW NOVELTY DRESS
GOODS, NEW BLACK GOODS, NEW RIB-
BONS, NEW LACES, NEW HOSIERY AND
UNDERWEAR.
During the past week we have re-
ceived large quantities of goods for
our different departments and will
have on sale this week the following
New'Goods.
OP
OPENING
1A/. T. HESS. ¦
KOTART PUBLIC AHD ATTOHNZY-AT-LAW,
Tenta Floor. Room 1315. Claus SprecXela Bldd
Telephone Brows (31.
Residence. «a CalUoral* st. below P©w«U.
£an FrancUco. ~*
DR.JMULTY.
qiHIS WEUrKXOW.N AND EEUABUOLD
X speciulistcuret 1'rivate. Nervous, and Blood Dls.
*a*es ol Men only. Boo;; on Private Diseases and
Weukuesses of Men. free. OverMy'rV ef p< > r jenc»>
Pa tienu ciiredat Home. Terms reasonable; hour*9
toSdally:&-"»to8::» ev'ss. Mtmriavs, 10 to 12. ConsuU
tution free ami sacredly oonfldentinl. CalLoraddiess
P. ROSCOK Mc\l'liTY, 31. D.
gCK Kearny St., Wan Francisco, Cal.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
COAL. COKB AND Pia IROX
1. C WILSON R CO 90 ° Battery 8tr««rt.
J-V- TTlLJVkl (X CU-, Ttleohone Mala ISM.
t-^^"^ Z / ll 1 \ * * ' Bsaj CIS
ADVEHTISE3OTNTS.