WASHINGTON, July 19. — The Japanese legation here has made public the latest commun
ication received from Baron Nissi, the Japanese Minister to Peking. This telegram was
received to-day at the legation from the Japanese Minister of Foreign Affairs, and is im
portant because of the dates given. The telegram was dated July 17 by the sender, the Japanese
Consul at Chefu, and is as follows:
LAST APPEAL FOR AID
FROM PEKING LEGATIONS
TAKU, Friday, via Chefu, July ly (delayed in transmission). — The situation in Northern
China is much more serious than is generally realized. It is now common talk that the foreign
powers will wait until the end of September before beginning the advance upon Peking. In such
event the anti-foreign movement is likely to extend to Southern China in spite of the Viceroys'
efforts.
Thus far the relations of international troops have been cordial, but there is no unity of ac
tion for want of a head. Only about 12,000 foreign troops are in Tientsin.
In the engagement to-day the foreign settlement was constantly shelled by the imperial
troops, who assaulted yesterday the British positions at the point of the bayonet, but were
repulsed. The Chinese troops are showing unexpected fighting power. They are equipped with
better arms than the foreign soldiers. The Ninth United States Infantry is now all in Tientsin.
( Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
BY JOHN BASS.
ADVANCE ON PEKING WILL
BE DELAYED TEN WEEKS
SUMMARY OF THE NEWS
FROM THE FAR EAST
•"*f ROM St. Petersburg comes a categorical statement that the Russian Government has
J* received confirmation of the massacre of all envoys and foreigners in Peking on July 6.
W A Chinese, merchant who has arrived in Shanghai is credited with having
witnessed atrocities which make the blood run chill.
A correspondent who has seen an official dispatch from Chefu stating that the lega
tions were still safe points out that the agent who transmitted the message expressly re
fused to guarantee the authenticity of the statement. J
Sensational reports that the Russian Government had handed the Chinese Minister to
St. Petersburg his passports are contradicted. Certain districts on the Amur have been de
clared in a state of war— in other words, placed under martial law.
Port Arthur, the Russian naval -base)* at the extremity of Liao Tung peninsula,
has been cut off jby the Chinese, who have burned two towns in the neighborhood of Niu
chwans:-. which is itself menaced. v .
LONDON, July 20.== Just as it was going to press this morning the Daily Telegraph received a brief dispatch
from its St, Petersburg correspondent saying that the latest information to hand there was to the effect
that the Russians had routed the Chinese at Blagovestchensk and had occupied the town in large force,
ST. PETERSBURG, July 19.== A state of war has been declared in Amoor district, embracing the towns of
Blagovestchensk, Khababorvsk and Vladivostok. According to the announcement by the general staff, however,
the situation in Manchuria has improved. Since General Gritski, chief of staff at Port Arthur, took over supreme
command, he has systematized the pushing of reinforcements to the disturbed districts There is general sur
prise in military circles at the energy with which the Chinese are entering on the campaign in Northern China, at the ad=
mirable state of preparation in which their armaments are, arid at the effective use they are making of their weapons. Fur=
ther extensive movements of Russian troops in Central and Eastern Asia are in progress. There is no doubt that Russia
intends to bring her Asiatic forces generally up to the fullest possible strength. It is aiso noticeable that troops are being
moved in the vicinity of Merv, on the Afghan frontier.
LONDON, July i9.==FolIowing the Russian declaration that a state of war exists in Amoor, it is expected England,
Germany and France, and possibly the United States, will at once declare war against China.
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the New York Herald Company. Republication of this dispatch Is prohibited. All rights reserved In the United States and Great Britain.
RUSSIAN TROOPS ROUT CHINESE AT BLAGOVESTCHENSK
CZAR'S GOVERNMENT DECLARES WAR EXISTS IN AMOOR
FRENCH MARINES HOLDING OFF A CROWD OF CHINESE BOXERS AND OTHERS THREATENING THE LEGATIONS.
HAS POSITIVE KNOWLEDGE OF THE MASSACRE.
OPERATIONS IN
AMOOR PROVINCE
Chinese Invasion of Siberia
Cheeks Russia's- Advance
Upon Peking From' the
Northern Border.
. — . —
LONDON. July 20, 4 a. m — The Rus
sians, according 'to the' latest news
from St. . Petersburg, .-have now
completely, defeated the Chinese
and have : occupied T-'igrovet
chensk, capital of the Amoor Government,
with a large force." , Since General Grib
ski, chief of staff at. Port Arthur, has
taken \ over the ¦" supreme . r command . ¦ in
Manchuria, reinforcements , have been
rapidly pushed up, 'and- the general situa
tion has been greatly Improved. , . .
: The Russian Minister^ of the. Interior haa
issued a notice that the Siberian Railway
is closed to' private 1 traffic. '• There is little
doubt that tho Russian* authorities were
SUMMONED; TO PEKING.
LONDON, July 20. — The Shanghai - cor
respondent of. I the Dally ( Mail says : J The
Viceroy, of Nankin* has , received I an edict
summoning him to Peking. As he is pro
foreign in his sentiments his departure Is
undesirable and is an element of danger.
not prepared for such an organized Chi
nese movement in • Manchuria, but they
have takqn brisk .measures and they be
lieve that China will soon be too' much
preoccupied with military operations
around Peking to conduct serious opera
tions in the north. :
The Daily Mall's Shanghai correspon
dent says: "Advices from Vladivostok
state that the Chinese invasion of eastern
Siberia has stopped Russia's advance from
the north on Peking. The Russians have
burned the Chinese town of.Helampo. and
are adopting very 'vigorous measures."
; Berlin telegrams. dwell upon the im
mense German interests in southeastern
Siberia. • They say that the many German
merchants^ the numerous German em
ployes and. the . immense stores, of.- mer
chandise, belonging to Germans in " that
territory' •'will -compel . Germany to co
operate in resisting the Chinese.
General: Sir; 'Arthur Powell- Palmer,
commander-in-chief in India, eald, In the
course of ah Interview in Simla yesterday,
that no more British troops could be sent
from India for China, unless they could be
replaced from South Africa.
ABANDONED TO
AN AWFUL FATE
No. Hope for,, the Foreign'
Ministers, Even Though
They Have . So Far With
stood Attacks.
¦ — . —
. Special Dispatch to Tht Call.
CALL, . . HEADQUARTERS, WELL
INGTON HOTEL.
July 19.— President McKlnley left
Washington - to-night • ignorant of
the fate of the foreign Ministers In
Peking, but still not without hope'of the
safety of the American representative and
his' colleagues. This hopefulness" would
seem to have -little basis in view; of the
letter sent^ by Baron Nishi, the Japanese
Minister to Peking, which. was cabled by
the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Mr.
Nabeshlma. the Charge d'Affaires here.
Mr. Xabeshlma and administration of-
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the New York Herald Publishing Company. Republication of this dispatch Is
prohibited. All rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.
LONDON, July 20.— The DailyJelegraph has received a private dispatch from its St. Petersburg correspondent, which,
in confirming the Peking massacre, says:
"I learn from a source which may be regarded as thoroughly trustworthy that the Russian Government is actually in
possession of definite news to the effect that all the Ministers and foreigners in Peking have been massacred. I understand, more
over, that an official dispatch conveying the sad intelligence has been communicated to the Czar himself. The terrible event, ac
cording to the information received by the Russian authorities, took place on June 23, Russian reckoning, which corresponds with
July 6 in the ordinary calendar. It "is:a somewhat noteworthy fact that the news reached St. Petersburg the same day."
flcials put.jrreat reliance upon the in
formation given by the letter. It la evi
dent that there was no expectation by th#
Ministers of assistance from the imperial
Government, i In fact. Baron N'ishl espe
cially mentioned Chinese soldiers as par
ticipating In the assaults. The reports
therefore, that the Chinese imperial
troops went to the assistance of the for
eign Ministers is received with doubt. The
great fear of the besieged was plainly
that they would not have sufficient am
munition to defend themselves until the
arrival of reinforcements. It la thought
here to be out of the question for the al
lied troopa to begin their march at once,
notwithstanding the appeal from Baron
Nishi, and. even if they did start. It wouM
Beem to be Impossible for them to captura
Peking in time to rescue the Ministers If
they be still alive. The authorities are
consequently forced to the conclusion that
the. Ministers must be abandoned to their
fate.
«¦
MAJOR BELKXAP COMING.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. July, 19.— The rumor is cur
rent "around the Pullman building that
Major Hugh R. Be!knaj>. paymaster of the
Department of the Lakes, has been or
dered to San Francisco. The date of Mr.
Belknap's departlre has not been an
nounced, but It is probable that he will
leave In time to sail from San Francisco
on the transport which Is expected to
leave for China August X.
IN REKING— NEARING THE CRISIS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUL.Y 20, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 50.
CHEFU, July 18. — Tashichau, the railway junction near Niuchwang, has. been burned;
also Liao Yung. Much rolling stock has been destroyed. The railway communication with Port
Arthur is broken and Niuchwang* is in imminent danger.'.
NIUCHWANG AND PORT
ARTHUR ARE IN DANGER
"I received at 10 a. m. on the 12th a dispatch from Nissi, dated Peking. June 29. The letter
was brought by a special messenger — a Chinese, who left Peking on July 1, and managed to make
the journey with difficult}'. The substance of the letter is as follows:
" The situation at Peking is extremely critical. The foreign legations are surrounded on
all sides by Chinese soldiers and bombarded night and day. The members of the legations, the
guards and residents, are resisting to the utmost, but the overwhelming numbers makes opposition
hopeless. Our ammunition is being exhausted. Our lives are in such danger that we may be
massacred at any moment. We earnestly request the immediate dispatch of reinforcements for
our rescue from our precarious conditions.' "
The Japanese Consul at Chefu adds that he communicated this letter to his colleagues of the
consular body there and also to the commander of the forces of the powers.
Another cablegram received through the Foreign Office from the Japanese Consul at Chefu
reports that Tientsin castle was captured by the forces of the allies on the 14th and the safety of the
foreign settlement is assured. Japanese troops took possession of the Susz Ying, the Chinese naval
station, on the 14th. . : .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL."A Chinese merchant who has just arrived from Peking gives horrible details of the mas
sacre. He says he saw Europeann women hauled into the street by shrieking .Boxers, who
stripped them and hacked them to pieces. Their severed limbs were tossed to the crowd and car
ried off with howls of triumph. Some were already dead, having been shot by foreign civilians.; %'
"He says he saw Chinese soldiers carrying the bodies of white children aloft on their spears
while their companions shot at the bodies. He gives other details too horrible to be particularized
"It seemed that the Bo.xer leaders had organized a plan, .including the offering of- rewards
and rich loot, for the annihilation of Europeans throughout China, and that Prince Tuan's gen- r .
erals have been emphasizing- the -opportunity the soldiers have of seizing the b6dies'of ; white^
LONDON, July 19. — The Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Express sends the follow-
BODIES OF WHITE CHILDREN
BORNE ALOFT ON SPEARS
Viceroy Continues His Journey
Northward Despite Pro
tests of British Governor
' at Hongkong.
HONGKONG, Wednesday, July 18.—
Li Hung Chang and his suite ar
rlvcd here yesterday evening and
landed this morning. The Vice
" roy was received with a salute of
seventeen guns and a guard of honor from
the Welsh Fusileers, and with a band pro
ceeded to the Government House, where
he was received by the Governor, Sir
Henry A. Blake, General Gaselee, Barrow
and other officials. Li Hung Chang was
extremely reticent. He stated that he had
received definite news that the Ministers
and foreigners at Peking, with the excep
tion of Baron von Ketteler, the German
Minister, were safe on July 8. The im
perial decree recalling him to Peking, the
Viceroy said, was due to the Empress and
Emperor, and not to Prince Tuan. '
Governor Blake exerted all possible
power to Induce LI Hung Chang to remain
in Canton, but the Chinese Viceroy pro
ceeded, ostensibly for Shanghai. The Gov
ernor of Canton is regarded as an.excep
tionally weak official, and the belief is
that he will never succeed in maintaining
order.
It may be decided not to permit LI
Hung Chang to go to Peking. He says
he will not return to Canton and that his
future movements are uncertain. . ;
Transports with a portion of the
Lancers, a native field hospital and Gen-
VAIN APPEAL TO
LI HUNG CHANG
erals Gaselee and Barrow have proceeded
to Taku. The cruiser Dido has gone to
Woo Song.
LONDON, July 20.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Daily Express" says:
"Intense Indignation is felt here at the
honors which the British In Hongkong
have accorded to Li Hung Chang, who Is
looked upon In Shanghai as the originator
of the whole fiendish anti-foreign plot."
CONCERT OF ACTION
PROPOSED FOR POWERS
ROME, July 19.— The Government has
received a circular from M. Delcasse, the
French Minister of Foreign Affairs, which,
It is understood, has been dispatched to
all the powers", proposing an international
agreement for joint action in China and,
the future attitude of the powers.
The matter Is still under consideration
here. Lord Salisbury, the British Premier,
and Minister of Foreign Affairs, it is un
derstood, has already replied In a friendly
spirit. The replies of the United States
and Russia have not yet reached M. Del
casse, nor has the reply of Germany. The
latter Government, it appears, had previ
ously made a somewhat similar proposi
tion to the United States alone. It Is
reported that President McKlnley hesi
tates to Join with the other nations, but it
is regarded as practically assured that all
the powers, in view of the danger of the
situation, will negotiate regarding M. Del
casse's proposal and finally sign an agree
ment on the China question.
FIRST CAVALRY TO
SAIL VIA SEATTLE
ST. PATJL. July 19.— To-day the War
Department has been in communication
with General- Wo.de, in command of the
Department of the Dakotas, to hurry the
First Cavalry through to Seattle not later
than July 26 and to sail from that port
not' later than the 2Sth. The First Cav
alry is scattered in two departments. One
troop Is located in Yellowstone Park, an
other is at Fort Meade and still another
at Fort Miles. There are perhaps 4500
men In th© Department of the Dakotas.
A large shipment of cavalry horses for
this regiment loft for Seattle to-day.
•While the First Cavalry Is under orders
ostensibly for Manila, the regiment will
probably be diverted to China.
HUMBERT'S FAREWELL
TO ITALIAN TROOPS
: NAPLES, July 19.— King Humbert re
"vlewed the Chinese expeditionary corps
to-day, and afterward addressed the offi
cers and men. -His Majesty said:
"I bring you. my salute and that of your
country in wishing good fortune to your
'arms. You go to a distant region, where
our flag has been' outraged. You-go there
not for the purpose of conquest, but for
! the defense of the sacred rights of men
and violated humanity. In your. mission
you will have for companions soldiers of
the most powerful nations of the world.
Be good, comrades with them. Try to hold
aloft the prestige of the Italian army and
ithe honor of the country. Depart there
fore full of confidence. I accompany you
iin spirit. May God bless your mission."
INDIAK TBOOPS LANDED.
' BERLIN, July 19.— Advices from Taku
received to-day. eay the steamer bringing
Indian troops to China arrived there Mon
day, July 16. .
From the Illustrated London News.
The picture of Prince Tuan, the head and Instigator of the anti-foreign movement, is made from a group photograph of the Tsung Li Yamen when he w;
a member of that body.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. July 1!>.-The
United States transport Rawlins has ar
rived here from Matanzas with a battalion
of the Tenth Cavalry, Captain Murphy
commanding, on board. This battalion has
come to relieve the Fifth Infantry gar
risoning the Morro. The Fifth will im
mediately embark for New York
TROOPS COMING FROM CUBA.
BERLIN. July 1?.— A report has been
forwarded to Count von Usedom, captain
of the German second-class cruiser Her
tha, of the capture of the native city of
Tientsin by the allied forces. This report
says scarcely any resistance was expected
when the Americans, British and Japan
ose finally stormed the walled native city
on the afternoon of July 14. Ffghtirig'was
still in progress on the east side of the
town, where the Russians were trying to
seize a Chinese camp on the morning of
July 13. Russian flags were floating from
the Chinese camp and citadel.
MORE FIGHTING AT
TIENTSIN ON JULY 15
"SHANGHAI, July 13.— Stuarts. French,
Painter, Bear at stations. Quiet. Re
mainder Japan. Shanghai or en route."
Interpreted, the full meaning of the ca
blegram is as follows:
"Rev. J. L. Stuart and wife, who have
been in China for thirty years, are at Ku
den; Rev. George \V. Painter and Miss
E. B. French are at Hangchow and J. E.
Bear Is at Chingklng."
The Southern Presbyterian church has
seventy-one missionaries in China. Of
this number fifteen are now away from
China on furlough. This leaves fifty be
sides children, who are, according to the
cable just received, reported to be safe In
Shanghai or Japan.
The Fdreign Missionary Board sent the
following to Shanghai:
"Order all missionaries to Shanghai or
Japan."
NASHVILLE. Tenn.. July 1?.— The fol
lowing cablegram, unsigned, was received
at the mission rooms of the Southern
Presbyterian church to-day:
ALL MISSIONARIES ARE
ORDERED TO JAPAN
he is said to have made application for
service in China, but the general refused
to make any statement. He would neither
deny nor affirm the report.
TIENTSIN, via Chefu, July ID.—Rus
sians made up the right wing of the in
ternational column in the advance on the
native town of Tientsin on Friday. As
they moved steadily over the open plain
toward the entrance of the city the Chi
nese shelled steadily from the walls. The
Russians lost 300 killed and wounded
The city was occupied by the Interna
tional troops, who found dead Chinese
lying about the streets In hundreds. To
night the city Is In flames.
Though the taking of the city will have
the effect of discoura K Ins the Boxers, tha
£° ta ,!vi os i* °I tn ®. r °r e *5mers Is thought to
be 1200 dead and wounded
VICTORY AT TIENTSIN
WAS DEARLY BOUGHT
LONDON.. July 13.— The revelation of the
ability of the Chinese forces In the north
to stand their ground against the interna
'tionals 13 producing the Inevitable results
in the south. At Shanghai It i9 announce 1
officially that foreign women and children
have been requested to leave the port 3
along the river.
Serious rioting has occurred at Poyacg
Lake, near Kiuklanp. Several missionar.e*
. have been killed and their chapels burned.
! Tho telegraph between Kluklang and Han
kow Is Interrupted.
In connection with the story that Prince
Tuan's forces have been ordered to march
to Wel-Hal-Wel, it is considered as sig
nificant that the Indian troops arriving at
Hongkong have been ordered to proceed
to Wel-Hal-Wei.
A Shanghai dispatch also reports that
I Russia has been in secret negotiation with
Prince Tuan's Government, with the con
nivance of LI Huns Chans 1 .
In a dispatch from St. Petersburg It 13
stated that Russia's anxiety to minimize
i the alarming nature of the news from
| Manchuria is dictated by fears of the In
i jury the confirmation of such news might
cause in the matter of arrangements al
! leged to have been made in the Unite 1
j States for money with which to complete
the Manchuiian Railroad.
A dispatch from Shanghai received here
to-day reports that the losses of the Chi
nese in the fighting at Tientaln were up
ward of 3000.
j It is understood that Lieutenant General
I Sir Francis Grenfel will have command
| of the British forces in China.
WOMEN AND CHILDREN
ASKED TO LEAVE SHANGHAI
WHEELER WANTS
TO GO TO CHINA
Files Application for Service
I in the Orient, but He Is
Likely to Meet With Dis
appointment.
SEVEN HUNDRED CHINESE
FALL BEFORE THE RUSSIANS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
.TON, July 13.— General Joseph
"Wheeler has made application for I
service in China. General Wheeler
is at present In command of the Depart
ment of the Lakes, with headquarters at
Chicago. He will retire on account of
ago on September 1, and for that reason it
will be Impossible to send him to China.
The President has no authority for ap
pointing retired officers for active duty.
General Wheeler has already served as a
general officer in three wars— the civil
war, Spanish war and the war In the
Philippines. His military record in this
particular is unique In the history of the
United States.
In addition to General Chaffee. who was
to-day made a major general, three gen
eral officers probably will be assigned to
duty in China as brigade commanders.
There will be three brigades, one cavalry
and two infantry and a battery of artil
lery. There are many applications for
these assignments in addition to the one
received from General Wheeler. Briga
dier General Wilson, in command of one
of the departments of Cubn, and General
Ludlow are among the candidates. It Is
not Improbable that both these officers
will have their wishes gratified. Colonel
Sumner of the Sixth Cavalry, who has
been ordered to proceed from London,
where he has been stntioned as -military
attache, to join his regiment in China
may receive one of the brigade commands.
CHICAGO, July 10.— General Joe
"Wheeler was seen late this. evening in re
gard to the Washington dispatch in which
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July 20.— The Daily Express publishes the following from Chefu dated vester
day: - ' ' ' Y
"The Russians are hard pressed around hiuchwang, and. have been expelled from Tien
Chwan Ta, the scene of the great fight during the Chino- Japanese war, where they have sustained
heavy losses. They have also been compelled to abandon Tnshichau by a large body of Boxers
and armed peasants. Here again the Russians lost heavily, but it is rumored that they succeeded
in killing 700 of their assailants. The Chinese. have completely demolished the railway, north of
Tashichau. The Russians are now moving on Niuchwang." •
IMPERIAL -NTROOPS MARCHING INTO PEKING BEFORE THE MASSACRE.
Epr»cial IMrratrh to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 13 —The World
has the following from Chrfu:
It is reported that after th-* allied
armies recaptured the native city
of Tientsin last Saturday their
Fhrlls spt fire to the town. The Chinese
before they fled killed all their own
women to prevent their falling: Into the
foreigners' hands.
Native Chinese hrre report that there
fire in and around Peking at least 230.000
Chinese troops and that the Boxers are
armed with the be.=t and most modern
weapons. From all sources come the
Fame tidings— that the Boxers have
enormous supplies of modem arms and
ammunition. ,
The Boxer leaders had organized plans
for massarring foreigners in all treaty
ports, as well as in the Interior, and a
heavy reward was promised for each
white head brought In. Rich loot was
promised alL
CZAR IN POSITION TO
ACT INDEPENDENTLY
LONDON. July 19.— The Importance of
the Chinese declaration of war against
Russia and of the bold invafion of Rus
j-ian territory lies in the fact that as the
matter now stands It virtually releases
the Czar from his obligations to the for
«ign powers to act in concert with them
Jn China. He Is placed thereby In a po-
Fition to act independently, and not only
with reference to the defense of his do
minions against the Chinese invasion, but
a!«=o as regards the carrying- of the war
Into the enemy's country and an eventual
march upon Peking.
Should a Russian army, proceeding
from Siberia, reach Peking and capture
it before the allies could get to it from
the Pacific coast, trie Czar would be able
to dictate terms to China independently of
ihe othpr powers, and without any regard
to their wishes. 'virtually establishing him
self as master of the country.
CASUALTIES IN MARINE
CORPS AT TIENTSIN
WASHINGTON. July 19.— The Navy De
partment this morning received from Ad
miral Remey a list of casualties of the
marine corps in the fight at Tientsin. It
is as follows:
"TAKU, July 18. — Bureau of Navigation.
Washington, D. C: Official casualties re
port from marine regiment:
"Killed— August R. Davis, Sergeant C. J.
Kollock. Corporal Thomas Kelly. Privates
J. E. MeConlcy. I. W. Partridge.
"Seriously wounded— First Lieutenant
Hecnr Leonard, Corporal J. A. McDonald,
Privates P. J. BcHeher, C. D. Miller. C. J.
Mathcirs, John Stokr-s. J. Van Home.
"Wounded — Captain Charles G. Ix>ng,
Captain William B. Lemley, First Lieu
tenant Fmedley D. Butler. First Sergeant
James Murphy. Sergeant F. T. Winters,
Feared Their Fate if Cap
lured by the "Foreign
Devils" on the Evacuation
of Tientsin.
CHINESE KILLED
THEIR WOMEN
SHANGHAI. July IP. -The following ad
ditional details of the allied forces' at
tack on the native city of Tientsin reach
ed here to-day from the Associated Press
correspondent with the allies:
TIENTSIN. Friday, July 13. midnight
(via Chefu, July 16).— After a day of hard
lighting and having lain for hours in. phal
low. hastily dug trenches, full of water,
and suffering from hunger and thirst, two
battalions of the Ninth United States* In
fantry that participated in the attack on
Tientsin retired under cover of darkness.
British sr.ilors assisting them to withdraw
by firing volleys to cover their retirement.
The Americans brought out all their
wounded under a terrific fire. An official
list of the officers wounded is as follows:
Ninth Infantry— Major Reagan, Captain
Bookmiller, Captain Noyes, Lieutenant
Lawton and Lieutenant Lang.
Marine Corps — Captain Davis, killed;
Leonard. Butler, Lawton (?) and Lemley,
wounded.
The total loss of the Americans was 140.
JAPAN CHARTERS STEAMERS
TO TRANSPORT TROOPS
Special Dispatch to The Call
VICTORIA. B. C, July 19.-The Nippon
Yuseri Kaisha fleet of steamers plying be
tween China. Japan, this city and Seattle
and connecting with the Great Northern
Railway have been- chartered for troop
ships by the Japanese Government to
carry Soldiers from Hiroshima to Taku.
The Rio Jun, which tailed from here to
day with 5000 tons* of cargo, consisting
principally of flour, and without a bale of
cotton, which before? the trouble was one
of the principal shipments. Is to be taken
on her arrival. The Tosa Maru, now at
Yokohama, is ready for her new service.
The Klnshiu Maru. which was loading
cargo for here at Hongkong, is to leave
there at once empty for Japan.
HUNTINGTON SPEAKS
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 19.— Collis P.
Huntington, head of the Southern Pacific
Railway, called upon President McKlnley
to-day. Afterward he said:
"It is not likely there will be any anti-
Chinese outrages in San Francisco. The
days of the eandlot riots are over. The
troubles.. of. Seattle and Rock Springs.
when innocent Chinamen were killed, will
not be repeated In San Francisco. Our
people have no Intention of taking venge
ance on them for the murder of Ameri
cans in Peking."
WILD RUMORS THAT RUSSIA
IS INTRIGUING WITH TUAN
NEW. YORK. July 20.— A dispatch to the
Tribune from London says: The wildest
rumor tri print is a story that Russia has
been secretly intriguing with Prince Tuan
and that LI Hung Chang Is behind these
negotiations. The Chinese Camarilla
which has defied the civilized powers will
be anxious to create discord among them.
Rumors of this kind will be started wher
ever there is a press writer at a Chinese
seaboard credulous enouph to cable them
to Europe or America. The Czar reigns
over Russia, and he cannot have rushed
into the embrace of a red-handed as
sassin like Prince Tuan.
Corporal Joseph W. Hunt, Privates W. H.
Chapman. James Cooney. Roderick Des
mond. E. G. Engelser. James G. Lavrln,
L.aurin I-. Larrlson. George Mclver. J. C.
Megoneg-al, A. B. Penny, li. A. Rockers
"REMEY."
«
OFFICIAL LIST OF
NINTH'S CASUALTIES
BERLIN. July 19. -The Berliner Post
this evening contains an article,
evidently Inspired, giving the views
of the German Foreign Office re
garding the withdrawal ¦ from the
Chinese Minister In Berlin of the riff.... to
use the telegraph for secret messages.
The article admits that the step Is unpre
cedented, but declares that It was ren
dered necessary by the "abnormal rela
tions between Germany and China."
"The regular Chinese troops," the arti
cle says, "are In the field against the Ger
man troops. It also remains unknown
whether the Government from which the
Chinese Minister was accredited still ex
ists. The status in China Is not absolute
ly clear, and since the news given out by
the Chinese Minister has not always been
confirmed by facts it is impossible to per
mit him to communicate freely with hU
Government under the fiction that there
Is no war."
The article goes on to insinuate that the
German Government had expected the
Chinese Minister to take the initiative to
show the Foreign Offleeall the mpsaasos
as an evidence of his" good faith, and
adds: »
"The German Government has given
fresh evidence of its frank and above
board policy, since it could easily have se
cured the correspondence through bribery,
I which it disdained to do. It i3 a matter
(.of honor for the Chinese Minister to re
spond to the loyal attitude of the German
Government toward him with proof of
j loyalty on his part. The step Is an appeal
to his moral sense."
The Vossisehe Zeitung and the National
i Zeitung discuss Count von Bulow's step.
I giving it their full approval. The Kreuz
I Zeitung considers it very doubtful that
the. powers will harmoniously carry out
the programme laid down by the Foreign
Secretary.
"The possibility nrust ever be kept In
mind," says this organ, "that the powers*
may disagree and that each will with
draw to its own sphere of influence. At
any rate, U is now certain that the war
will last for a long time, and the present
troops in the field are entirely Insufficient.
Doubtless. If the United States Govern
ment has already created a military basis
in China. Washington would new make a
claim for a separate sphere of Influence.
If Imperialism succeeds at the forthcom
ing Presidential election, a strong expan
sion policy toward China Is to be expected
from the United States. In any event.
In order to make their Influence felt in
the coming reorganization of the Chinese
Government, each power will probably es
tablish further points of support in
China."
The Lokal Anzelger says it learns that
the troops marching upon Peking will re
ceive orders not to destroy the imperial
palace.
Considerable apprehension I* expressed
by the German press that the Chinese
fleet Is preparing to attack German trans
ports upon their arrival, but this anxiety
is not shared by the Foreign Office.
With reference to the proposed prohibi
tion of the shipment of arms In China. tht>
Foreign Office says that the matter has
been left to the admirals, who are exer
cising due watchfulness.
The Foreign Office does not believe tha
statement telegraphed to an American
paper that the foreign legations are sa^e
In bomb proofs. ,
It is now settled thai the China expedi
tionary corps will sail in ten steamers
from Brcmerhaven between July 27 and
August 3. A shipment of Spanish don
keys has arrived here ror the expedition.
Dr. Kueltter, who has just returned to
Tueblngen from the Transvaal, will go to
China as manager of the German Retl
Cross contingent.
The German Foreign Office
Explains Its Action in
Preventing the Sending
of Secret Messages.
PRACTICALLY AT
WAR WITH CHINA
CALL HEAPQrAllTF.nS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON.
July 19.— PubMciy relying upon Ruc
fla's assurances to pursue in China
the fame policy advocated by the United
Staus. the administration officials are
disposed to discredit the reports that the
Czar has de-dared war on the Celestial
dovrrr.nv'Ut or cant* mplaics doing so.
Sf. de Wollak, the Russian Charge d'Af
faires, cajled ui>on Secretary Hay this
morning and announced his disbelief of
these reports. Bad a-* funh*r evidence of
their incorrectness the officials point to
the failure of Kmbassador Towf-r to cable
any information on the subject to the
Department. In fact, the messages
he has s« nt have specifically stated that
Kussia has assumed the fame attitude as ,'
the United States. This means, therefore. |
that she regards the condition in Peking j
as "one of virtual anarchy." Looking j
upon the situation In this light, the au- j
thortties say that Russia would hardly
declare w?.r upon China when, so far as
blown, the machinery of that Government!
has been st-ized by the Insurgents.
Siberia Besieged.
It is regarded as entirely plausible that j
the Russian Government has announced ;
that certain >t the Siberian provinces ad
joining Marchuria are in a state of sli-ge.
the objr-ct of which is to place them un
<\< r martial law and give the military a
fr(-f hand in dealing with the situation.
A declaration of war by Russia would re- j
suit in her subjection to many annoyance* J
which she could avoid by prosecuting hos- j
tilities as the other powers propose to do. j
An official explained this afternoon that a ]
declaration would compel other powers to |
immediately proclaim neutrality. Failure
!¦> do BO DOOld only be construed as an in
tention to f=uj»port China. If all should
declare neutrality Russian ships would be
allowed lo remain in neutral ports only a
specified time, the supplies they could ob
tain would be limited and th^re would be
other disadvantages te handicap her op
orations. Being at war with China. Rus-
Eta. might attempt to blockade the entire
M»a coast of China. To this those power?
pospppping: ft>horr«! of influence and those
whose commercial Interests would be af
fected would strenuously object.
Declarations of war would not neces
sarily compel the T'nitcd States to with
draw. It Is Important that the American
Government would know as expeditiously
as possible what the situation Is in Pe
king, and instructions to the American
troops to proceed there have not or will
not be changed, whether Jlussia declares
var or not. The authorities appreciate
that the Russian column now at Tientsin
might receive orders to act independently
of the 'allies, but the pressure the
united powers could bring to bear upon
the Czar would cause him, it is believed,
to relinquish any territory his troops
n'ig'ht endeavor to occupy.
Germany's Policy.
In connection with consideration given
reports of Russia's action, the authorities
have not failed to pay attention to the
policy of Germany. Kmperor William's
purpose to avenge Baron von Ketteler is
applauded by the administration, but his
warlike utterances ar« looked upon with
considerable ?uppicion. At the same time
the authorities do not propose to go be
hind the declaration of Count von Bulow
that Germany "desires no partition of
China and desires no special advantages."
France will certainly not declare war,
according to the view expressed here.
Such a declaration would be a complete
overturning of her policy as announced
by M. Deleave, the French Minist-er of
Foreign Affairs, who asserted in the
C hamber of Deputies that "the situation
In China was such that it is impossible for
one power to declare war."
It is understood the Cabinet at its ses
sion to-day carefully discussed the official
messages and press reports that have
been received, and in connection with this
discussion Russia's attitude was consid
ered. L'pon the conclusion of the meeting-,
a Cabinet officer announced that "nothing
had been brought before the Cabinet, to
cau«e the President to change in the
s!;ghtest degree the policy announced in
the note of July 3. communicated to the
powers of the world."
Washington Officials Discredit
the Report That the Chinese
Minister at St. Petersburg Has
Been Handed His Passports.
RUSSIA ACTING IN ACCORD WITH AMERICA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 20, 1900.
2Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
I.OS ANGEI.ES, July 19.— Mrs. Mary O.
Cartwright. a forewoman in an pveralls
factory. Is lying at the California Hospi
tal in a dying condition. She was run
down by John Hellman, a mounted guard
of the chain gang, this morning. One of
the prisoners had attempted to escape and
Helfman was in pursuit. Mrs. Cartwright
was riding a bicycle and was unable to
get out of the way of the horso. Her
skull is fractured, and it Is expected that
she will die. The accident occurred on
Main street.
Bicyclist Injured.
CHICAGO. July 13.— A special from Fort
Williams, Ontario, to the Times-Herald
says:
Indians huntins on the east coast of
Hudson Bay have brought word to the
Hudson Bay Company's post on the
west coast of James Bay that they found
last spring a vast quantity of wreckage,
the bodies of two men. and a man In the
last stages of the death struggle. The In
dians reported that they could not under
stand the language he spoke, but that it
was not English. He died while they
were there, and they returned to the trad
ing post without bringing any evidence of
the Ftrange occurrence.
It is believed by the officials of the Hud
son Bay Company that the Indians wit
nessed the ending of Andree's attempt to
reach the north pole by balloon. They had
never seen a balloon, but from their de
scription of the other wreckage the offi
cials are firmly convinced that It was the
remnants of Andree's airship. A party
guided by the same Indians has been
sent out to bring evidence to establish the
identity of the party.
Early last fall people near Moose Fac
tory asserted they saw a large balloon
passing over to the northward, and this
tends to confirm the story of the Indian
hunters.
Strange Story That May Prove True
Brought by Hunters to th«
Hudson Bay Company's
Post.
Wreckage Believed to Have
Been That of a Balloon
Discovered.
INDIANS MAY
HAVE FOUND THE
BODY OF ANDREE
LEXINGTON. Ky.. July 20.— The report
of the committee on organization of tha
Democratic State Convention was brought
in at 1:40 o'clock this morning. It recom
mended that the temporary" organization
be made permanent, and the report was
adopted. The convention refused to ad
journ and began the call of counties for
the nomination of a Governor.
The confusion was such that tho secre
tary could not proceed with tho call, and
finally it was announced that the com
mittee on resolutions was ready to report.
and Senator Blackburn t*»gan reading tha
same at 2 a. ra. It was submitted as
unanimous and was adopted.
The platform declares for fair elections
and recommends that the act of 1S93.
known as the Goebel election law, be
amended and that until so amended as*
to be satisfactory to all the Republicans
shall have representatives on both tha
State and county election commissions.
The Kansas City platform is reaffirmed
and the administration of Governor Ueck
ham is Indorsed.
The districts were then called for nom
inations for (lOvernor, and Congressman
Wheeler presented the name of Governor
Beckhom In a stirring- speech. The pre
sentation of th* names of the other candi
dates followed, although there was no
doubt whatever of the nomination of Gov
ernor Beekham. who was on the platform,
ready to make his speech of acceptance.
Not Until a Late Hour Does tho
Committee on Resolutions
Present Its Be-
Kentucky Democrats Decide
Upon Him to Head the
Ticket
BECKHAM WILL
BE NOMINATED
FOR GOVERNOR
W. W. Roekhill Appointed to Investi
gate and Report on the Situation
in the Far East.
WASHINGTON, July 10.— The appointment of W. W. Rockhill. director of
the Bureau of American Republics, as special commissioner from this
country to go to China and investigate and report on the situation, has
been made.
For some reason the officials did not care to have It known that Mr.
Rockhill had been selected for this responsible duty. "Within a week
he will have a final conference with the President and Secretary Hay and then
will leave for China. He then probably will go to Vancouver and there take the
Japanese line steamer for Yokohama, proceeding from that point to Shanghai.
Not until he arrives at Shanghai will Mr. Rockhill undertaketo outline his further
course.
His position is a peculiar one; he will be actually an Embassador In powers,
and so the scope of his functions will be akin to President Cleveland's paramount
commissioner to Hawaii, Mr. Blount.
WILL GO TO CHINA AS
SPECIAL COMMISSIONER
HON. W. W. ROCKHTLL.
and Btrlpes throughout the campaign.
Following Is the resolution in full, trans
lated from the original Chinese text:
We the members of the Chinese Empire Re
form' Association, feel most keenly the dlo
erace which has fallen upon our native land
because of the awful <Je<>d<« committed by a
horde of mad. religious fanatics, known to im
mediate history as .BoxerB. Me wish to ex
press our heartfelt sj-mpathy for the innocent
foreigners who have been so cruelly murderM
bv these savage bigots of Northern China, and
we realize that it will require more than the
noble forbearance of the civilized races to for
give the dastardly deeds of these moral idiots,
who have tortured and killed without reason
and without cause, and It is our earnest prayer
that they may receive such condign punishment
from the followers of civilized codes as they
richly deserve. We further pray that the Great
Creator— the God of all, Christian and pagan
alike— may punish them for ten generations to
come In order that their polluted progeny may
not defile the dust of the earth where good men
must live.
Here in column conclave we promise to teach
our children to pray ten tlmo3 each year for
the happiness of the souls of those innocent
foreigners, whose blood has been let by crea
tures too low in our social scale to even enrich
the soil under which they v.ill eoon rest for all
eternity. May their resting place be forgot
ten till the Dlowman turns their bleaching
bones to the surface as playthings for the
wolves of Northern China.
We are. all of us, natives of the Southland
and know all that is good of the foreigner; we
are a commercial race and we have learned by
contact. "We know that the white man does
not croea tho waters to murder us or steal our
children, and all of us who have liws in free
America have learned to respect its laws, its
institutions and the humane principles of the
people, all of which make this disgrace more
humlllatlner to bear.
Oceans separate us from the land where these
wicked deeds are being perpetrated," but Amer
ica has bIiIds and we have strength, which we
effer without reserve if we may be allowed to
follow your embjem of liberty wherever your
leaders "may. direct, and we promise to fight
till either the Boxers or the Reformers are no
more.
Resolutions are easily drawn by the holders
of seals and scholars of wit.* but war requires
courage and devotion to a Just cause. We offer
both to the nation under whose' protection we
have lived without fear for nearly half a cen
tury. Let America call, we are ready to aervo
her to the glorious end. B
(Signed)
Chinese Empire Reform Association
C. KAIX. President.
When the guard went up to Peking on Thurs
day evening they left here at 4 p. m. and
reached the legation about 8 and at !>:30 bag
eae-e end all wu eafe inside — a very quick trip.
Indeed the men carrying 60 pounds of bag
irace each and marching five miles from the
station to Peking with dust a foot deep and 90
"•The Fnpllfh, French. Russian. Japanese and
Italian guards went on the same train, but a. lot
of them stopped at the station all night and
went in next day. The English Minister, hear
inir the Americans had arrived, sent to the le
tration to find out what had become of his
guard They got in <at least a part of them)
one hour and a half afterward. This guard
had been. sent after three days 1 delay, the
combined foreign Ministers trying to get per
mission all this time from the ChlneseN to let
tl FT?da'y'. being a great festival day of the
Chinese the danger to the foreigners would be
much greater. As the Chinese have 100,000 sol
diers around Peking, there was little use in
sending a few hundred foreign soldiers against
Quick Trip to Peking 1 .
From the papers you probably think we are
in a state of terror. That we are in daneer
there can be no doubt. So far I have not lo?t
a w'nk of sleep, but many others have, and
the arrival of the American guard from the
Newark makes us all feel a bit easier. Fifty
have gone to Peking and we have about sixty
here and this evenine Mr. Rassdale has a
¦niard here at the consulate. Things are .ook
inV not all well and the air is full of
r ?v e have had a very exciting week. Admiral
Kempft and Captain McCalla of the Newark
have had their headquarters in our drawing
room and it has been a constant coming and
eoimr of receiving and sending orders. We
have had dispatches for breakfast, lunch and
dinner.' I have quite enjoyed it. feeing so
many Americans. (After they are long in
China they are not of the same genuine flavor.)
It makes me very happy and Mr. Ragedale is
beaming all the time. The best of everything
in the house is none too good.
SAXTA ROSA. July 19.— An interest
ing letter was received here yester
day from Mrs. J. W. Ragsdale, wife
of the United States Consul at Tien
tsin. It gives a splendid idea of the
situation there at the time the letter was
posted, and from Its semi-official charac
ter takes on more than ordinary slgnifl-
The hurry and bustle at the consulate
in the days just preceding the great out
break are graphically described. The fear
was general that the uprising might come
at any moment. The result was felt and
recognized to be but the presaging of the
partition of China, long anticipated by the
foreign residents. The letter was written
to Mrs. S. A. Proctor of this city and
bears the postmark of June 13:
TIENTSIN. Saturday, June 2.
June S— Did not gtt a chance to write anv
on the date and It Is now June 10. We are
still In a state of terror, not for Tientsin but
foreifiners outside In the interior. I think all
feel that this is the beginning of the breakln*
up of China. All have expected it. but also
every cne wished to avoid action as long as
possible. I won't write any more about the
situation if I can help It. It is hard to keep
to anything' long these days. So many cominS
and going. People living outside come in to
stop at night. Have to put up extra beds We
are certain to havs a very busy summer So
far it has been very cool, but the extreme heat
cannot be far away. And, oh. It is so hot! I
never felt anything like it anywhere. I must
close. Oould Just keep on from day to day
writing, but if I don't finish It won't do you
much good. Mrs. Dnimmond was in last even
ing. Lucy Is well and keeps herself as bright
as over. KFKIE L. RAGSDALE.
You will cet all the war news in the papers
and before this reaches you probably the Em
press will be dethr<jned and the Emperor put
on the perch. This state of things can't g-o
To-day will see 2000 troops landed here. Flftv
more Americans are on the road up. Twenty
gunboats are outside the bar. The low water-
In the river makes It out of the question for
thorn to come over tho bar. They are at least
thirteen miles out.
Tuesday— I will try to finish this as it is
mall day. Yesterday was a very anxious day
Last nlcht ee\-eral Americans on the outside
ed^e of town spent the night at the consulate*
All felt every apprehension. Mr. RaKsdale
did not undress and lots of people In Tientsin
dtrt not co to bed. We were rather short of
troops, as fo many had been sent on to Peking
thinking there was no danger in Tientsin. The
Rreat fear has been from fire. If the Chinese
succeed In starting: two or three fires with
the strong winds prevailing at this Benson it
would menn the destruction of the settlement
Every precautions was taken and all feel the
crisis Is papt.
We have not had any rain since last Sep
tember- The country is dry as a bone. For
three years there has been little rain and short
crops, of course. In lots of places none at all.
The people are desperate and seek any excuse
to steal, ond a lot of the Ignorant think the
rain cod is angry because they don't drive
tho forelgrners out of China, If we could
have about three days' good hard rain it
would do more to put a Btop to all the trouble
than all the guards. "*-
Anger of the Bain God.
them. Po they had to stop till the Chln«>se
consented to let them come In. All this has
made very anxious times, as the Chinese sol
dier Is a very unreliable chap, not inclined to
protect foreigners, and the great fear was
that th«"y might murder all the foreigners.
The soldiers are most to be dreaded — very poor
ly vald and fed, so plunder is their chief de
light. With our Peking friends safe we
breathe more easily. The rumors are thick
about the burning and looting of Tientsin.
They have in the past month managed in some
way to have six very large fires. This week one
of the banks was set on flre twice — the last
time burning a large building within eight
feet of it. All this indicates a lawless mob
who desire to plunder and not a mob opposed
to foreigners.
Wife . : of the American Consul Describes Events
Preceding the Chinese Attack on tine
Foreign Settlements.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MRS. RAGSOALE WRITES OF
THE PERILS' AT TIENTSIN
crowded to the doors and each Individual
member seemed anxious to suggest some
plan for the protection of foreigners In
China and the annihilation of the "Box
ers." The deepest sympathy was ex
pressed for the foreigners who may have
been murdered by the bigots of Northern
China and all were vigorous in their de
nunciation of the weakknoed government
represented by the Empress Dowager and
Prince Tuan. Nor did the reformers hava
merely resolutions of sympathy to offer
they declared in the most emphatic terms
that they were ready to devote their ser
vices as soldiers for the protection of
foreigners and the ultimate civilizing of
the Chinese nation. They asked to be al
lowed to follow the fortunes of the Stars
The Chinese Reform Association of
America, which has Its headquarters in
this city, held a mass-moeting last night.
The assembly-room of the association waa
JEFFERSOXVILLE. Ind.. July 19.— The
Government deiot in Jeffersonville has
received orders from Washington to begin
making 150,000 flannel blouses and 330.000
pairs of drawers. This Is in anticipation of
military operations in China and to clothe
the soldiers In the Philippines for the
changing season. ¦•¦¦_ ;¦-.¦.
CHINESE REFORMERS OFFER
TO FIGHT FOR AMERICA
PARIS. July 19.— An official telegram
from Shanghai, dated Wednesday, July 18,
states that according to the Governor of
Shantung-, the- foreign Ministers and their
families at Peking are safe and sound,
but that the danger is still very great.
The Viceroy, according to this dispatch,
informed the consular corps that he had
telegraphed to Peking urging the protec
tion of the foreign legations.
CLOTHING FOR THE TROOPS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 19.-The Sun has this
from St. Petersburg: The government has
ordered all provincial governors to stop
migration to Siberia, "the railway line
being wanted for the use of troops.
General Gerngross, commander of the
Manchurian railway guards and the chief
engineer of Yougovltch, are surrounded
by Chinese at Harbin, where fliey are
isolated as completely as the foreigners
in Peking. Harbin Is a considerable set
tlement in central Manchuria and is the
jjrincipal station and starting point of
the railway now under construction.
Three detachments of troops are rapidly
conversing there from the north, east and
west, and. it is expected, will surprise the
SOLDIERS BEHEADED FOR
ATTACKING AN AMERICAN
Special D'.sratch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 13.— The Sun has this
from London, July ?0: The Telegraph's
Canton correspondent. In a dispatch dated
July 17. says that in defiance of a vice
regal proclamation forbidding- Chinese to
:ll treat foreigners, rome soldiers assault
ed an American medical missionary, cry-
Ing "Kill the foreign devil." A number
cf soldiers were arrested and six of them
have been beheaded.
DOUBTFUL REPORT OF
SAFETY OF LEGATIONERS
WASHINGTON". July 1!>.— The President
to-dny appointed Brigadier General A. R.
Chaff ee. I". S. V., who Is to command the
American military forces In China, a
major general of volunteers, to make his
rank commensurate with his command.
Although General Miles recommended
that Major General Bates, now in the
Philippines, be assigned to the command
of the troops in China, he is well pleased
with the promotion of General Chaff ee.
His recommendation was made on the
ground that the services called for, re
quired an officer of the rank of major
General, and he named General Bates
for the reason mainly that General Chnf
fee only held the rank of a brigadier
trenoral.
RUSSIAN COMMANDER
BESIEGED IN HARBIN
WASHINGTON. July 19.— The Navy De
partment this mornln* received the fol
lowing cablegram from Captain Wilde,
commander of the Oregon, dated ICure,
July IS:
Secretary of the Navr. Washington: Oregon
ind KashvlUe arrived at Kure at 2 o'clock
this afternoon. Kxpect to dock on th» 19th.
?hall I inakp p**rman*-r»t or temporary repairs?
[ would supppst rutting on stPel patches, which
'an be done In a very short time, and the ship
*an eo back to h«?r duty at Taku. To wake
rermanont repairs it will require at least sixty
lays, probably more. Xot a single man in
lured in any way. WILDE.
To this dispatch Secretary Long at once
replied ns follows:
Unlvprral rejoicing: over safety of Oregon.
?h» is the Constitution of this generation. If
safety of Oregon permits, patch and go to
Faku. 1 commend your preference for service.
CHAFFEE IS PROMOTED
BY THE PRESIDENT
OREGON'S COMMANDER
ANXIOUS FOR DUTY
has had several consultations with his
Cabinet on the Chinese situation, the
President started back for Canton to
night, taking the 7:45 express on the Penn
sylvania Railroad. The President came
to the station unattended during a
thunder shower. He was met by several
members of his Cabinet, with whom he
had a brief private consultation before the
train left.
LONDON APPROVES
THE ACTION OF THE
UNITED STATES
LONDON. July 2>. 4 a. m.— 'The
Washington idea of sending Mr.
Rxx-khi'.l to China," says the Stand
ard editorially this morning. "Is an
excellent one. and might advan
tageously be imitated by the British and
other Governments."
The Standard then proceeds to comment
upon the great ignorance prevailing In
Europe not only of recent events but of
Chinese affairs generally.
The Cabinet council convened by Lord
Salisbury yesterday came a day earlier
than usual, and it is expected that it will
be followed by a statement in Parliament
throwing light upon the situation. The
Chinese assertions that the members of
the foreign legations are still safe have
been so often repeated that they are again
beginning to raise hopes in forae quarters.
According to the Daily Telegraph's St.
Petersburg correspondent, however, the
Russian Government is already in posses
sion of definite news that all the foreign
ers in Peking were massacred on July 6.
XL Delcasses circular only goes to prove
that fo far the powers have failed to ar
rive at any concerted plan of action. The
Yokohama correspondent of- the Daily
Mr.il. who repeats his statements regard
ins The jealousy felt among the allies on
the subject of a Japanese Commander-in
chief and the general lack of unity among
them, adds:
"The Japanese correspondents charge
the Russian soldiers with appalling bar
barity toward the Chinese. They declare
that the Peiho is full of the corpses of
vomen and children and that the Russian,
loaded 300 bodies in a junk and burned
them."
Three Missions Destroyed
Shanghai reports that three mission
prations on Poyang Lake have been de
t-troyed. and It is believed that the mis
sionaries escaped. All the missionaries at
.\?:.'ho. Kerln and Kuanshengtseu, in
fhi:ies=e Manchuria, have arrived in safety
at Vladivostok.
It is ruir.oml that Tu Lu. the missing
Viceroy of the province of Chili, has com
rr.ittedFUlcide. Various conflicting stories
are published of the manner of General
Niehs death.
It is stated that when the allies entered
the native city of Tientsin they found the
Chinese dead piled breast high, and it
was feared that this would result in an
outbreak of pestilence. Sixteen of the cap
tured guns are quite modern weapons.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Times expresses doubt that the southern
Viceroy* will be able to withstand the
pressure of the provincial officials to Join
the anti-foreign movement. He thinks
ihat already there are signs of wavering
/ n the part of the Viceroy of Nankin.
* :.iu Kun Yah. and says:
* "It is admitted at Nankin that Liu's
authority is now insufficient to guarantee
the raalnter.ar.ee of law and order north
of"tr:» river. Hence the Consuls at the
Yangtse ports are arranging for the de
parture of the women and children. It Is
inevitable that the mandarins as a body
should sympathize with Prince Tuan's
movements."
The correspondent confirms the state
ment of the correspondent of the Dally
Express regarding the indignation caused
by the British reception of Li Hung
Chang at Hongkong. He says It Is inter
preted by the natives as weakness on the
part of the allies, and he asks why Li
Hung Chang could rot have been detained
until information had been received from
Peking.
The Times understands that the chle*
representatives cf the Mohammedan
clergy in Constantinople' have Issued a
Ftrong- protest, based on the Koran,
against palace sympathy with the Chinese
massacres. According to the Canton cor
respondent cf the Daily Telegraph, six
Chines* soldiers have been beheaded for
assaulting an American medical mission
ary. _
"RAZE PEKING," SAYS
CHAUNCEY M. DEPEW
Ep«?lal D!rr>atch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Ju'.y 19.— The Journal has
the following from Paris: Chauncey De
pew tuid to-day:
/••History furnishes no such atrocity as
, the Chinese massacre. Embassadors
have always be-on held 6afe because an,
Kmbassador represents his country's honor
and is a porfr in a foreign countrv. Tho
fhinepe fry fla'-jghtr-ring the representa
tives of all the nations in Christendom
yrd by the murder, torture and mutila
tion of womr-n and children have chal
lenged trie civilized world.
"As punishment everything which rep
resent* official life :n China In her capital
should be r.'ized to the ground. No stone
shf.uld be 'eft upon a stone. There should
I*- do land grabbing or partitioning of
Chfnw territory, but an indemnity ex
ar?"d which would paralyze the Chinese
M.v.i r Jor evil for a century to come."
DECLARES LEGATIONS
AT PEKING ARE SAFE
gp«?.al Cable to The Call and N>w York Her
tld. Copyright, im, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. 7; ,.-;
PARIS. July 19.— I have Just received a
Ferret communication of a dispatch dated
CbefoJ which though expressly ac
knowledging the Impossibility of guaran
teeing th/» auth< --njjr-ity of the new*, that
the diplomatic <-<jrps arc still safe !n Po
king and under guard of Prince Ching.
vr!:i» was erroneously reported killed.
i RETURNS TO CANTON.
WASHINGTON. July 13.— After a stay
ol two days in the city, durlnc which he
PALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON' HOTEL. WASHINGTON. July
15.— Coincident with the selection of Rockhill as special commissioner to
j China it developed to-day that negotiations are under way between t,hn
Iv powers for the assembling of an international congress to determine the
future of Chir.a. These two "events are correlative and are of the utmost
irr.r-~rtar.ee. viewed from both a national and an international standpoint. Mr.
Roclchlll will be given instructions to make a thorough investigation and full re
port upon the Chinese trouble and his views will play an important part In do
tTmir.'.ng the policy of the administration. The International congress to be
heM to decide upon the course the power? shall pursue with respect to China
Kill be largely influenced by the attitude of the United States.
China occupied the serious consideration of the Cabinet when It assembled
this morning. The suggestion that an international congress be called to dis
cuss the entire Chinese question has been favorably received in official quarters
here. Administration officials said to-day that the report that M. Delcasse, the
.French Minister of Foreign Affairs, had sent a circular note to the powers pro
posing an International agreement for Joint action In China and the future at
• '.tude of tho powers was an error, though they ¦would not deny that represen
; ations had been made by France and further questioning elicited the fact that
he proposition for convening an International congress was under consideration.
It was suggested that Mr. RockhHl's dispatch to Asia at this time may be
for the purpose of participating in an international conference to be held In the
Far East. Such conference will be entirely distinct from any congress that may
be called. The congress probably will meet in Berlin.
Will Meet at Some European Cap
ital ana Agree Upon a Concerted
Line of Action to Be Followed
Dy me Nations.
INTERNATIONAL CONGRESS TO
DETERMINE CHINA'S FUTURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 20, 1900.
Big Oil Deal.
LOS ANGELES, July 19.— The biggest
oil deal Southern California has yet
kn'cwn. involving 6000 acres of oil land in-
Ventura County, of which United States
Senator Bard is a part-owner, was con
summated here to-day. Local bankers and
oil men are Interested, and will put in
$350,000. Senator Bard retains a one-ttfth
interest. The company will be a close
corporation, controlled wholly by South
ern California men.
BERLIN, July 19.— The Munich, Allege
melne Zeitung says that an Imperial de
cree will be issued In a few days prohibit
ing the importation of sausages and
canned meat, but that no decision has
been reached as to when the other sec
tions of the meat. Inspection law wilL.take
effect.
Embargo on Sausages.
FOREST FIRE
SPREADS TO A
POWDER HOUSE
Terrific Explosion Wrecks
the Turner Plant at
Nevada City.
Strenuous Work by a Citizens' Bri
gade Prevents the Flames Com
municating to the iieg^g-
Shaw Co.'s Works.
Throughout the evening nearly all the
available men in the city were employed
in lighting the flames. Hra time it was
feared that the pcrwder magazine of Legg.
Shaw & Co. also would be exploded, as
the llames spread in that direction. Most
heroically .did the men work, however,
taking desperate chances, and the pro
gress of the fire was stopped within 100
yards of the place.
Fortunately no one was injured, though
several persons were knocked down from
the force of the concussion when the
Turner magazine exploded. The damage
is estimated at $10,000. Forty-four years
ago Nevada City was totally destroyed by
a similar lire.
NEVADA CITY. July 19.— A terrific ex
plosion occurred at 10:30 o'clock this even
ing at the George E. Turner Powder
house, where had been stored a large
quantity of dynamite. The shock of the
explosion was felt for miles around and
throughout the city windows were
smashed, while in several private resi
dences a great deal of plate glass was de
molished. In several instances large
plate-glass doors were broken.
The explosion was caused by the spread
of a forest fire.
3
The California Northwestern Railway
will run an excursion to Uklah Sunday.
July 22. Each ticket sold guarantees a
seat. There will be no more tickets than
there are seats provided. Fare $2 for round
trip. Leave Tiburon ferry 8:30 "a. m
Leave Uklah 5 p. m. Tickets on sale 650
Market street (Chronicle building)
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Satur-
day.
Since the values given T
at this sale are genu-
ine, we consider it suf= -
ficient to simply state
the former and present :|
prices==we omit all de=
tails or lengthy descrip-
tions==you can judge the
values by the reductions
in the prices==every re=
duction is positive. # <*
Made=tp=order suits which two
weeks ago were $13.50 and
$15.00 are now being made for
$IO.OO *£ «£ <&
Ready=made suits, blue serges
which sold for $12.50 and
$15.00, are now $6.85. Chevi-
ots reduced from $15.00 to $7.00,
and from $10.00 to $5.25
Boys' school suits which had
sold for $2.65 and are
now selling for $1.70 • &
Madras and Percale Golf and
dress shirts, once $1.00 and 75c,
now 50c each & .j&
Golf caps, excellent quality,
worth 50c, sell for 15c each or
two for 25c <# <# <g
TI8 Market Street.Murderers in for Life Jump From the Wall at 2 A. M.
One Shot by a Guard and Both Captured.
TWO SAN QUENTIN CONVICTS MAKE
A DESPERATE BREAK FOR LIBERTY
Puttman Must Hang.
•George Puttman, a convict In the State
prison at Folsom, who in 1899 stabbed to
death a fellow convict named Showers
must hang for the crime. He was convict
ed In the lower court and appealed, and
the Supreme Court has affirmed tho Judg
ment of the lower court.
Convicted of Arson.
Joexrph Fitzgerald was round guilty of
arson In the first degree by a Jury in
Judse Lawler's court yesterday. Fltz?er- '
aid will appear for sentence, one week 1
from to-morrow. His crime consisted in
setting fine to premises on O'Farrell etreet
near llason several months ago. '
Night School for Young Men.
The Raphael Weil night school at the
Young Men's Christian _A3sociation will
open on August L.and the fall term of
the men^g school will commence on Sep
tember 27 Dr. Hartland Law. C. A. Mavd
well. O. S. Eaton. Professor SHden Stur
*l?: Osc *L r Barber and Harry Simons con
stitute the night school qommittee of the
association.
To Partition Lux Estate.
Complaint in partition was tiled yester
day by Thomas B. Bishop and Azro X.
Iyewis. trustees of the . Miranda \V Lux
estate, against Henry Lux and others
The property affected is situated in San
Francisco. San Benito and other counties
Kitty Turner Discharged.
The preliminary examination of Kittle !
Turner, charged with assault to murder
her pf=eudo husband. James Turner in
Leon FYank's saloon. 2S2 OFarrell etreet
July 8, was held before Judge Conlan yes
terday. After heamlg the evidence the
Judge dismissed the case, nayinp the wo- '
man acted In self defense and that he re- j
trettod ehe had not killed him.
Eight-Hour Case Appealed.
The Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Company
filed a notice of appeal In the . United
States District Court yesterday fcom the
recent Judgment of conviction for violat
ing the Federal eight-hour law at Mare
Island.
Reductions in Assessments.
The Board of Equalization clerks have
compiled figures showing that the total
reductions made by that body In personal
property assessments during: its recent
session amounted to J1.SG0.52C. and the In
creases to JjOO.375. The total decrease
f ffected by the board therefore amounted
to $1,300,151. to which must be added the
sum of $733.9G2, being the reductions made
by the Assessor owing to clerical errors
and other causes. The total reduction
made In the personal property roll is $2 -
114.113.
"Will Pay Old School Bills.
Th« Board of Kducatlon recently dis
covered that the eum of JG4O4 57 was still
due on bills incurred by ita predecessors
In office in June. JSC<3. The bills were for
supplies and repairs to various school
houses. At a conference yesterday among
Chairman Mark of the Hoard of Kduca
tlon. Auditor Wells and Sutu rintendent of
Schools Webster it was dWlded to pav
the bills out of a surplus of some tiQ.ir*)
Jn the school funds left by the old board
when it went out of office. . This was
thought to be a better plan than waiting
for the' collection of delinquent taxes
which would cause long delay, the billa
being legitimate claims against the city
Kovernment.
CITY CONTRACTS MUST
GO TO LOWEST BIDDER
Opinion of Judge Murasky in Deny
ing 1 an Order Agtuust Board of
Supervisors.
Judge Murasky yesterday refused to ls
rue the order asked by Harrison Barto
en behalf of Stanley, Taylor & Co. against
tho Board of Supervisors to show cause
vhy the board should not be prevented
from awarding contracts for city printing
to other* than the tirm named, which
claims to be the lowest bidder.
Judge Murasky iiled an opinion in which
he holds that the contracts alleged In the
complaint must certainly be given to the
lowest bidder, but discharges the Board
of Supervisors from the injunction com
pelling it to explain Its action In the prem-
Isei. The opinion says that If any Illegal
demands are presented for city "printing
by those who should not have received the
contract, then the Auditor and Treasurer
must .refuse to pay them. The llrm of
Stanley, Taylor Ar Co.. though the lowest
bidder for city printing, was not privi
leged to use the union label and for that
reason its bid was rejected.
Unusual Number of Accidents Occur
Along the Water Front After
Sundown.
The number of injuitd persons treated
at the Harbor Receiving Hospital last
evening was uausu:illy large and some of
the cases were quite serious. The trans
port Hancock fipurf-K in three of the acci
dent?, two rr.eri havlnc been injured while
on her decks and a third having been res
cued from drowning by one of the trans
port's launches. Two more persons re
ceived wounds en the east side of the city,
and Drs. Robinson and Bauer, who at
tended the patients, were kept busy all
evening.
J. Koblnson. a painter, residing at 525
FolFom street, fell from a ladder on the
tr.-mspori and was seriously injured. His
right arm was broken in two places and
his right hip was also fractured.
Custom-hous>' Officer L. Lioranzen, resid
ing at l'M"> Fast Eleventh street. Oakland,
fell backward from the ship's ladder as he
was lowering himself to the deck of the
tug Guidon Onte. His head was lacerated
and he remained unconscious for some
tim-?. but no rerious results are appre
hendfd.
Edwin N. Poole, a laborer, fell from the
Main-streot wharf and was carried out
about oOO. yards to sea. lie had about all
the salt " water he could hold and was
about to give up the struggle when a
launch from the Hancock came along and
ricked him up. After treatment at the
hospital he recovered consciousness and
was sent home.
James Smith, residing at Sansome and
Lombard Etrc-e»s. was badly burned about
the !iind in a foundry by moKei* metal
and G«'orge W. Kearm- of 272 Jes«le str?et
siii«tained a sovcro la.Cf>r:itiiin about the
eye. The last named refused to state how
he had received his Injuries.
HARBOR HOSPITAL HAS
MANY EMERGENCY CALLS
California Parlor No. 1 proposes to have
a large float on two trucks side by side.
This float will have a surface of thirty by
forty feet and will be drawn by
twelve horses. One side will portray Cal
ifornia freeing herself from Mexican rule
and the other the welcome of the new
State into the Union. The uniform of this
parlor will be the same as the fatigue
worn by commissioned* officers of tho
army. The cap will have a straight visor
and will have the number of the parlor on
the front. The letters N S G W will be
on the collar. The parlor will have 340
men in uniform and will be preceded by
Its own band of thirty pieces. The parlor
will have Its headquarters In the Marble
Mall and annex at the Palace, where
there will be entertainments and dances.
The ladies of Buena Vista Parlor of the
Native Daughters will assist the members
ot California Parlor in entertaining. The
ludies will be attired In white dresses ap
propriately trimmed. Tho reception com
mittee of each parlor will be changed
every two hours during the days of the
festivities.
The Sons of Exempts have accepted the
invitation to take part In the parade. Sec
retary McKibben has notiiled the grand
marshal that the members will turn out
in red shirts, black trousers, black belt
and blue caps. They will draw one of the
old-time engines, probably "Old "49," the
first engine used In San Francisco, and
will act as escort to the Exempt Firemen
ot San Francisco.
Redwood Circle No. 72 of the "Women of
Woodcraft has accepted tho invitation to
parade. The circle will have In line Ita
drill corps, composed of ladies between
the ages of IS and 24, who will be attired
in white and will wear sashes of re,d,
white and green and each will carry a
decorated spear. The circle will also par
ade with a new banner which, is being
made at this time.
Stockton Parlor of the Native Sons has
notified the headquarters that it will
show up with a band of twenty-two pieces
to be followed by two hundred men in uni
forms of blue serge, trimmed with gold.
They will wear Fedora hats. The parlor
will have its drill corps with It. It prom
ises no floats, but several distinctive feat
ure? which will be "sprung" on the public.
The members of Ilatcyon Parlor of Ala
meda have secured the whole of the top
floor of the Alcazar building, where they
will entertain with a lavish hand. There
will be a full-dress ball on the night of
September 8 and high jinks on the night
of the 10th. The uniform in which the
members will appear In line will consist
of light gray trousers and sack coat,
white vests and alpine hats trimmed with
red.- Their beatitiful banner will be placed
ou wheels and drawn by an automobile.
Losing No Time in Making
Ready for the Coming
Celebration.
NATIVE SONS
ALL OVER STATE
ARE PREPARING
The Country Club preserves, famous in
California a.s the hunting rendezvous of
a score of well-known and affluent local
clubmen, will soon be deprived of 18,000
acres unless the club itself comes to the
front and bids a higher figure than that
offered by General John Dickinson and
John K. Orr. The land in question belongs
to the O. L. Shafter estate. In Marin
County, and constitutes the northern and
southern boundaries of the Country
Club's preserves. The figure that Dickin
son and Orr have offered is more than the
Country Club desires to pay for the lease
of this land, and the members have de
termined to let It pass out of their con-
The lease on these two sections of land
running from bay to ocean and hemming
the preserves ot the Country Club ex
pires in the middle of next month. It was
not imagined for a moment by the present
holders of the lease that any outside
party was desirous of renting this land
for hunting and rishing purposes. Great
was their surprise when It was discovered
that Dickinson and Orr had put In their
bid, which far exceeded the offer of the
Country Club. The highest bid was $600
annual rental and a guarantee to patrol
both sections of land. All told this aggre
gates an expense of $1SOO a year — a prepos
terous figure, say the Country Club men
and far In excess of possible valuable re
turns. For this reason the Country Club
has decided not to raise the bid and let it
go to the latest bidders. .
By obtaining the option of these sections
of land General Dickinson and Mr. Orr
deprive the Country Club of Its three
lakes. Trout. Bass and Crescent, which He
in the southern strip of the Shafter acre
age. The clubmen say they do not want
the lakes, as all the fiah obtainable In
them are grassy and cf such poor flavor
as to make them unpalatable and ob
noxious even to 'the tyro trout-eater. In
fact, they smile at General Dickinson and
his new venture In the acquisition of a
happy hunting and llshlng ground. The
sections on which he has bid are separ
ated by fifteen miles of the choicest acre
age in the Country Club's , preserves,
what will he do with them? is the ques
tion asked by all the clubmen, who leave
on Saturday night to hunt the spiked and
forked deer roaming about the 20.000
acres left to the Country Club. ';•-.-¦
General Dickinson and John
K. Orr Bid High for
the Lease.
COUNTRY CLUB
WILL LOSE HALF
OF ITS ACREAGE
Contempt Proceedings Be
fore Judge Murasky
Postponed.
»
Chief of Police Sullivan and Captain of
Detectives Seymour were up before Super
ior Judge Murasky last evening on an or
der to show cause why they should not be
punished for contempt in violating the In
junction of the court which provided that
police officers should not enter the pool
rooms of II. E. Corbett and others. The
hearing was postponed one week.
Attorney Joseph F. Coffey appeared for
the officers of the Police Department and
stated that, while he was not ready to
proceed with the hearing, he would as
sure the court that the order was not be
ing violated. Afterward Chief Sullivan, In
explanation of what the attorney had
said, stated that he had not issued orders
to his officers to pay no attention to the
order of the court, as had been stated.
The order is directed against ollicers re
maining In the pool rooms and waiting
for a crime to be committed. The Chief
claimed that his officers had the rights of
other citizens to go. In. and out of the pool
rooms. Ills orders to them were to go in
and out, but not to stand around, he said.
However, as there were two men sta
tioned at each poolselling: place, they so
contrived that when one officer stepped
out the other entered the place.
Judge Murasky took the case up first
at 5 o'clock In the afternoon. Chief Sulli
van and Captain Seymour were then pres
ent with District Attorney Byington and
Attorney Coffey. The affidavits of H. E.
Corbett, Henry Schwartz, Zick Abrams
and D. J. Crowley, poolsellers, were read.
These documents recited the order pro
hibiting the police entering the poolrooms,
and. "on July IS. the two defendants act
ing together did willfully and deliberately
and in open and contemptuous disobedi
ence of the restraining order of the court,
enter into and occupy without the con
sent, and against the express protest of
each of said plaintiffs, the premises de
scribed and interfered with their quiet
and peaceable possession. That the de
fendants maintained two police officers In
each of said premises against the objec
tion of the plaintiffs."
Attorney Coffey read the affidavits of
Chief Sullivan and Captain ¦ Seymour,
which contained specific denials of the af
fidavits sworn to by the poolroom people,
upon which the order to show cause was
based. Coffey outlined the- defense by
questioning the court's Jurisdiction and
saying that even if it had jurisdiction the
point to.be decided was whether the In
structions issued by the Chief of Police
came within the exceptions of the prelim
inary injunction.
, The affidavits stated that the poolroom
men had been arrested for, violation of the
two ordinances passed • by the Board of
Supervisors which prohibit the- selling oX
CHIEF SULLIVAN
DENIES THAT HE
HAS DISOBEYED
pools on contests between horse3 and
men; that signs were openly displayed In
the premises occupied by Corbett and
other pool sellers, showing that they were
engaged in the business of pool selling:
that Chief Sullivan's orders were that if
the premises were not used as private
premises and If the police witnessed any
violation of the said ordinances they were
to arrest those who violated the law. The
instructions had been carried out on tho
belief that the ordinance had been vio
lated.
After some further argument a recess
was taken until 7:30 p. m.
Before the court convened last evening
Attorney Coffey had a conference with
Attorney George B. Collins, who repre
sents the pool men and they came to the
conclusion that, even If they were to take
the entire night, they could not get
through with the case. To-day Judge
Murasky goes on a two weeks' vacation.
Accordingly Attorney Coffey suggested to
the court that the ease be postponed for
a fortnight. Attorney Collins was will
ing, provided the police were kept out of
the poolrooms In the meantime. It was
then that the attorneys got into a wran
gle.
Coffey insisted on the continuance, on
the ground that he had fifteen police offi
cers to call as witnesses and that It wouid
be impossible to get through before the
court's legal vacation commenced.
"A continuance Is satisfactory to me.**
paid Collins, "but I cannot consent that
In the meantime my clients* places of
business shall remain "full of policemen
when no crime Is being committed there " :
"Perhaps it may bo shown." suggested
Coffey. "that the officers are there con
trary to the Chief's orders. I can assure
the court that we are prepared to show
that the Chief has not Issued orders In
violation of the court's injunction "
"I am in no position to connive* at a
continuance of these violations." retorted
Collins, "for such thej- are. as I am pre
pared to show. I am prepared to proceed
The prosecution has an easy case to nre
sent. If there are renewed violations to
morrow I hhall have to institute contempt
proceedings before some other Judee "
The court called a halt on this sort of
proceeding and was about to continue the
matter for two weeks, when It was inter
rupted by Collins with the RUKKestion
that Judge Shaw wpuld be In town next
week and that It would be better for him
t0 , l a M U HP," P^haP* another JudS
might be willing to mak» a special order
Judge Murnsky then deeded to continue
the ca«=P tmtl the 25th Inst. and at the re
a^ es L of ». Collln / r onpe ntPd that the order
should be read "without prejudice." so
that, in case another court took It up
provision might* be made against mis
construction In the mind of another Judge
The poolroom cases were again called
In Judsre Conlan's court yesterday morn-
Ing and it was ajrreed that the case of Jo-
Perkerman should be tried first Thp
Judge !?sued a venire for forty jurors and
set the eapp for trial this afternoon at
2 o'clock. W hen the Judge learned that
Judge Murasky h^d ordered Chief Suin
van nnd Captain Seymour to appear be
fore him for contempt of court he In
structed Clerk Rice not to issu*» the orde
for Jurors till It was seen what action
was taken in the upper court. He later
changed his mind and said he did not
care what was done In the Superior Court
So the ven'r* wns Issued rv "
ALVY JOHXSOX and B. F. Healy,
murderers under life sentences at
the San Quentln Penitentiary,
made a desperate break for liberty
very early yesterday morning. Healy was
shot down In his tracks By Guard Car
penter just after he had scaled the prison
wall and may die from his wounds. 1113
partner then surrendered to Guard Ran
dolph and was placed in solitary confine-
? <> > £> — ?— » ? <>—»—»¦"?—<» ?<>•?? O
ment. The break was well planned and
deliberately executed. The vigilance of
the guards alone prevented It from beintf
successful. No one about the prison
knew of the plan, the first intimation be
ing the appearance of the convicts on the
prison wall. They were given ample time
to surrender before the guards fired upon
them, but Johnson, wnc had always
chafed under the confinement, seemed to
SAN QUENTIN GUARD BRINGS DOWN A FLEEING CONVICT.
Supervisors' Committee Postpones
Recommendation on the Valley
Road Petition.
The Supervisors' Street Committee was
addrp^t-d yestlrday m-.rr.fr.^ by Attorney
E. F. Proton, and he made an earnest
appeal that the Snn Francisco and San
Jr.aquin Valley Railroad Company be
grantc-A a franchise to operate a railroad
alor.R Illinois: street. Referring to the
protests against the granting of the privi
lege, Mr. Piston argued that those mak
ir.p them had no ripht to protest, for if
they were injured in any way by the
franchise they could recover damages in
court, ar.d they should not deprive the
city of a competing transcontinental line
The committee was also addr« sscd bv
Captain A. H. P;iy«on, vice president o*f
The road, who protested aerainst any fur
ther delay in the matter.
Attorney Mullaney. for the protestant*
paid that his clients did not desire to tie
t::cm«'lvfs uj> in endless litigation which
would or.iy be settled in the Supreme
Court. Attorney Stafford, representing
Mrs. O'Connor, who owns 25 feet on llli
rir-is street. Paid he would continue to op
pose the pas^afre of the ordinance prant
ir.g the franchise. The matter was then
postponed for two we«-ks.
The Board of Health was directed to
abate the nuisar.ee .xlptlnp in the Army
etreet basin, which was reported to be in
a most unsanitary condition.
The Board of Public Works will be au
thorized l.y ordinance to fix the jrradfs of
certain streets in the University Mound
district.
PLEA FOR FRANCHISE
ON ILLINOIS STREET
Brothers of T. J. Kelly Offer Reward
for the Recovery of the
Two Bodies.
BELVEDERE. July 19.— After three
days of continuous search for some trace
of Tobias J. Kelly and Miss Bessie War
ren, who left Belvedere In a catboat on
Sunday and have not been seen since.
John and Thomas Kelly, the two brothers
of the m!=?ing rnan, have had the follow
ing notice distributed among captains of
river and bay craft, copies being also sent
wherever they may bo of any use:
The brothers of Tobias J. Kelly ofTer a re
ward ot $100 lor the recovery of the bodies.
But little was done to-day In the way
of searching-. To-morrow, however, Ly
fords Cnve, where several declare they s=aw
The catboat sink, will be dragged again,
despite the faiinre of yesterday's efforts
to reveal any trace of the supposed vic
tims. The reason for the resumption of
the fparch Is that the oar found a.t Point
Richmond yesterday was positively Identi
fied t<>-<lny by Attorney Harry P. Dlmond,
who sold the catboat to Kelly, as being
one of the pair in the boat at the time
or the lamentable tHp. A strong current
pets direct from Racoon Straits to Point
Richmond. Any floating object lost In the
Ftralts would be cast ashore at Point
Richmond. It Is for this reason that the
Kt'lly brothers will once more drag Rac
coon StraitB for evidence of a disaster.
A report came to young William War
ren to-day that a boat answering to the
description of the one in which Kelly and
Miss Warren sailed away had been found
by some Chinese clam diggers at Bay
Vi»?w. The repurt proved to be false.
Both the Kellys say now that they will
not let up r>n the search till every Inch of
bottom in Raccoon Straits has been drag
ged over.
OAR BELONGING TO THE
MISSING BOAT IS -FOUND
same place. The two cans, covered as
they were, were evidently Intended to
carry a supply of fresh water. The pres
ence of the Inflated rubber bag suggests
the Idea that the men Intended to cross
the marsh and thought they might need
a life preserver. Each, was provided with
a small tightly corked bottle of matches.
After the men reached the roof of the
building a few minutes after 2 o'clock in
tho morning they wc-nt to the north end
and threw the hooked end of thefr rope
across the alley to the railing on the wall,
a distance of about forty feet.
The lead on ! the hook made it wrap
around the rail. They then tied their
end of the rope around the chimney, and
gathering their effects swung out over the
alley, the pavement of. which was fifty
feet below. They worked themselves
along the line until they reached the wall
from which they jumped to the ground
below.
Guard Lee Carpenter, who was on the
wall, saw them as they jumped. They
ran up the hill to the north of the prison.
Johnson being in the lead. Carpenter
took a long shot at Healy and brought
him down at a distance of over 100 yards.
Johnson continued to run up the hill, and
ran against Guard Sam Randolph. Ran
dolph brought his rifle to bear on John
sen, who threw up his hands, and was
taken back to the prison. Healy was
taken to the hospital, where It Is said he
vvill recover.
Healy said "that he wanted to congrat
ulate Carpenter on his quickness as a
shot. He said that he never believed a
man could shoot so quick. The instant the
first shot was fired the alarm bell was
rung and in less than two minutes over
sixty guards lined the hills and roads;
some of them wore only their undercloth
ing, but all had their rifles. Warden
Agulrre thanked his men warmly for
their promptness and discipline.
"Warden Agulrre says that at no time
during the trouble was there a sound from
the other convicts.
A large butcher .knife was found In the
grass where the men got over the wall,
having been dropped by one of them in
the flisht.
be determined to get away or die In the
attempt.
It was Just 2:21 a. m. when Guards Car
penter and Randolph discovered the two
striped figures on the roof of the old his
pital building, in which Johnson and
Healy were quartered. Subsequent inves
tigation showed that the men had broken
through the celling of their cell. thu3
gaining access to the roof. By means of
a rope they lowered themselves to tho
railing of the wall, some forty feet below,
and then sprang to the ground. Healy
received eleven buckshot In his body from
the gun of Guard Carpenter.
Both Johnson and Healy have records
as desperate characters. Johnson Is serv
ing a life sentence from Los Angeles for
train robbery, having been a partner of
the notorious "Kid" Thompson, who was
at one time under sentence of death, but
secured a new trial and is now serving a
life sentence at Folsom. Johnson has been
employed as a cook at the prison for some
time past. Healy is serving a life sentence
for a murder and robbery committed at
Long Beach, Los Angeles County. In isr*r>.
He has been a steward in the prison hos
pital for some years.
Uoth of the convicts have been In deli
cate health and for that reason were given
the lightest employment possible. The
men occupied a room or cell In what Is
known as the hospital building. Some
time durinK the night they cut a hole in
the ceiling of their cell. It is probable
that the work was accomplished in a short
space of time, as the. structure Is rather
light and not calculated to resist much
force. >>
The two convicts had made elaborate
preparations for their break for freedom.
Twine from the JuUunill had been secured
. and carefully braided into a 43-foot rope.
To the end of the rope was attached a
stout hook made of heavy wire and wound
with string to prevent a noise and also
weighted with lead so that it mi^ht be
, easily thrown. Next the Ingenious jail
breakers secured two hot water cans from
the hospital and covered them with pieces
of blanket and canvas. They also secured
a large rubber hot water bag from the
SpMi^l PIspatch to The Call
REDWOOD CITY, July 13.— Testimony
in the prelimirary examination of Le
mascher, Ehlors and Gayer, accused of
murdering Mrs. Mitchell and her son Da
vid at Colma on the evening of July
4, did not bring forth to-day anything that
differed materially from the evidence
given at the Coroner's Inquest. The only
difference was in the testimony of Mitch
ell, who said he Is now not quite sure
that Ehlc-rs is the man whose shot took
effect In the dog. Throughout the exam
ination Mitchell retained composure, in
marked contrast to his attitude at the
Inquest.
Constable Neville testified that when he
hed been Informed of the murders on the
evening of July 4 he Immediately went to
the scene, and on the way stopped at Im
sand'e for tho purpose of verifying the
report of the shooting. Not being able to
arouse the.Imsands he started for Mitch
ell's, when he heard talking at the house
he had just left. Returning quickly, he
found lyemascher and Ehlers In close com
munication, but they denied all knowledge
of the shooting.
Dr. Ross, the autopsy physician, testi
fied that he :lrst examined the body of :
Mrs. Mitchell and found that the bullet
hud pierced both lunps. Heath was caused
in both cases by shock and hemorrhage.
Deputy Coroner Fox said thRt with
Sheriff Mansfield he fcjund the bodies of
the Mitchells lying near the hog pen. In
his judgment a bullet that had entered
tlio Mitchell hottse came from the direc
tion of Inland's. The testimony of Fox
was corroborated for the most part by
Sheriff Mansfield.
Haehman. the San Francisco gunsmith, |
said Lemasrhor and a companion had
bought from him two S2-40 rifles and
cartridges, but could not swear that these
ri!les were identical with those found on
the impnnd place.
The last witness? of the day was Mitch
ell, who retold his ptory of the shooting.
He was on the stand nearly an hour and
answered all the questions of the attor
neys readily. His testimony was Bub
ptantlally the f-ame as that given at the
Inquest. The examination was continued
until to-morrow at l'.> o'clock. j
Bachman the Gursmith Fails to Iden
tify the Two Rifles Found
in the Imsand
House.
MITCHELL SURE
THAT LEWIASCHER
FIRED ONE SHOT
Opening of the Preliminary
Examination of Colma
Murder Suspects.
The killing of a prisoner while attempt
ing to escape from the Presidio somo
months ago does not seem to have had
the effect of preventing others who be
come tired of confinement from trying to
get away. J. Carroll, under arrest on a
charge of holding up Sergeant McMahon
near the Presidio gates and relieving him
of J?0 and a gold watch, waa working
around the garrison yesterday under
guard and made a dash for the hill.-*
when the sentry's attention was attracted
elsewhere. Two shots were fired at him.
but he made good his attempt. A guard
was sent In pursuit, but Carroll succeeded
in eluding them. Carroll's offense was a
serious one, Rnd had he not succeeded in
escaping he would probably have spent
several years at Alcatraz.
Company B of the Eighteenth Infantry
waa transferred to Fort Mason yesterday
morning and was joined a few hours later
by a non-commissioned officer and twenty
men of the casual detachment.
The arranging of the new camp for thf»
accommodation of the large number of
troops expected at the Presidio within tho
next few days is almost completed.
The Department of California Issued the
following orders yesterday:
Acting Assistant Surpeon3 John F. Minor,
Omar w, Finkst'in and Frnnk T. Weodbury ar»
assigned ti> tpmjxirary duty at the general
hospital. I'rpfi'U'). there to await transportation
to the Philippine:*.
Leave of absence for one month, with permi3
ilon to apply to the adjutant general of th>>
army titr an extension of one month, is grant
ed Major Ira C. Iiruwn, surgeon L*. S. V.
Patriotism runs nigh at tho Presidio.
George Anderson, a musician of A Bat
tery, Third Artillery, married not quite
two -weeks ago and having 1 but one month
and twenty days rernafninj? of his enliat
ment. has asked to be sent to China, ho
promising to re-enllst. Anderson is not
20 years of asre.
J. Carroll Determined to Carry Out
Boast That He Would Not
Beach Alca^raz — More
Orders.
Though Shot at Twice by
the Guard He Succeeds
in Reaching Woods.
PRISONER MAKES
DARING ESCAPE
FROM PRESIDIO
The rrclimlnary examination of Ange
lina M. Abbott on the charge of assault
to murder for shooting De Witt Clinton,
the actor, was commenced before Judge
Megan yesterday. The courtroom was
crowded. Ex-Po!ioe Judge Graham ap
peared for the defendant and Prosecuting
Attorney Harris for the people.
Clinton testified that he first met the
witness in Omaha in October, 1S3S. He
retold the story of the shooting on Fourth
street. In cross-examination he denied
that he haxl ever lived with her or taken
a cent from her. •
Attorney II. H. Lowenthal took the
stand ar.d produced a bundle of letters
•which the defendant had handed to him
and which the attorney had kept, aa Miss
Abbott had not paid him his fee. A re
cess was ( taken for fifteen minutes to en
able counsel to examine the letters which
i".sui been written to the defendant bv
Clinton. Most of them contained the vil
est allusions, making them untit for pub
lication. Some extracts that do not con
tain Indecent matter, but wtiich give the
Impression tha.t i'linton was surcharged
with romance, read as follows:
\Yhea I first met you I began to like you for
year quiet way» snd your gentleness. You
<!;<! not s»em like the others to me and a* the
•weeks rolled on the soft Hack eyes of my
llTUe senorlta :aMen<*l themselves <5oeper and
deeper in my heart: the voice always low and
f»'Mt grrew mure like music In rny ears an>l.
thank <Jod. I n«cr heard it raised In amerei.
Then the little hand l^jran to find a place
In my thought ani heart, the little *»ft ca
ressing hand that stole in and out among my
hair and cave me drink when I was thlrpty.
medicine when 1 was III. The raven black
hair of my little pirl atvimed a brighter gloss
In my eyes and I kiss-M it as it fell in my
faoe, for it vrac Ascie't hair, and 1 loved to
feel It touch my cheek and knew that you
*T» near noe. \Vl»en :•::•':.?* called me away
v.-mr lette:-s were the bripht Funt*»ams that
took away the plo.-im 'of clouded skies and
rr.nwy earth and in the memory of two bright
eye* and a inuRhln*. rosy mouth I forjrot my
dull But-roundlne* and lived ac.iin In Omaha
i»:ih Ar.ple ati.i myself. We were happy, you
end I. in the old Jays, happy in eat-h other'*
company, happy to know that each wa* near
the other. Harry then a? we could be now
U we were topetl^r and you could be my little
t<r.<Ser hearted, bright eyed pirl aeu!n as you
were then.
If we rr.urt part hy your own wirh Jet me
re understood that I urn grateful to you for
have changed." I vriii f( ili rt-Banl Vu °as "the
<i.-are«. most ur.telfish Jfttle pirl I know.
There was nothing- fn the Irtters to boar
r>ut the charve made by the defen.lnnt
that CU&toq ru in the habit of r.-jrularly
roocivinp money from hi r because he paid
M wasted !t for his sirk mother.
Clinton oh beins: apafn oross-examined
samltt«»<l that Ti»- had borrowed $40 from
the defendant in Omaha, but he had re
paid Jt. When he ni sirk there she hao
nurppd him a:id he h;ni offered nor a
check for her expense*, tut she refuses
to acot-j«t it.
The other witnesses examined were Dr
C. D. McGettigaa. Clinton'* physician*
3;<3na EHsmore. CHnton'i fiancee, and"
Thomas J. Stark. The casp was contin
¦it-il till to-morrow.
The Man Acknowledges Having Bor
rowed Money From Discarded
Flame in Omaha, but Says
He Returned It.
Letters From DeW. Clinton
to Angelina M. Abbott
Produced.
ACTOR'S LOVE
FOR THE GIRL
WHO SHOT HIM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, y JULY 20, 1900.
4
The excursion to Uklah and return on
Sunday, July 22, will allow over four hours
in Ukiah in which to lunch, visit the flsh
hatchpry of the California Xorthwestern
Hallway, Vichy Springs, Asylum and
Kancheria. Fare only $2.
§ VIM, VIGOS, VITALITY for ME^
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have t*?en la use over «M>-
years by the leader? of t&*
Mcrmon Church and their fi-f-
lowers. Positively cures th •»
Trerst cases In ol<l and your:^
arising from effects of aelf-
abu«c, dissipation, excesses or
ciKarptte-smokins- Oures Lo=:
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Nlicht Lcs**e* Insom-
nia. Pains In F.ack. Evil Desires. Lame Uack.
Nervous Debility. Headache. lnntn*ss t» Har-
ry, toss of Semen. _, Varicocele or Con-
•tlpatlon. Stnr* rm *^ St rvous Twltchinc
of Eyelids. Effects £Z.~TL*re immediate.
Impart vigor and *> el ''3 potency to every
function. Don't get despcn.ient: a cure la at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped orija I s -
Stlmulates the brain ani nerve centers: CSoi*
box: 6 for $2 M by mail. A written iruarante«-4->
cure or money refunded with S boxw. Cirtmt its
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CC>.. vt K!!ia
¦t.. San Francisco. Cal.. GIIA^T DRUG Co..
S3 and 40 Third st.
visit OR. JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF &KATOMY
7 £& 1»3 KA2XX7S;. tat £££?£. S.f.bL
\ Cj The Xjr^Mt Anatomical M'.neim in the
m mSW*E?*%. Wo»'d. w «**»?¦'. .e-. u r a-ty cniractrd
\ rWJSraj* toaroltarton fr^rr and itri-t'? pri-.ttr
X B W rt B **•"*" <*»•"» e»ery T case tmdrnakra.
O IT J llfp *mefcf B'vk.PlliLOsOPaTal
W • » W* HtnBMCK, MAILED F.4BS. « A
A Q li *afaabte bonk fcr r.rai
T BB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. a F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOOOOOCOO O O O O O © OCOCOOOCO
I STOCK! I
o o
o — o
8 Fully Paid and Non-Assessable.g
§ Holder Secured Against Loss, 8
g SOO ACFZES g
R IN COALINGA DISTRICT.g
O ALL. Or* SECTIOX 23. g
Q ONE-FTiUP.TH OF SECTION' 14. O
Q TOWNSHIP 21 SOUTH. O
0 RANGE 19 EAST. M. D. II. Q
© PRODUCING WELLF OX ALL SIDES. g
Q CALL. OR SEND FOR PROSPECTUS. <$
I OPHIR OIUIOMPANY, I
g Room 14, Fifth Floor, Mills. BaildiDg.o
O SAX FRAXCTSCO. O
o o
Q Los Angeles Office^ — 402 Douglas Block. Q
ooooooooo o o o o o o ococococS
Of the total area of the Japanese em-
pire— 147,<XK) square miles— hardly 12 per
cent Is cultivable.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of »en,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
JsrawSfofti^ that a J Kidney Cnro
jfei§Sgjg*?j£sre. »U! cure 90 per cpr.t
g&zf —^^^§3L cf a:! '" riii > ° ; feidat ¦>•
«K|£ *y&\ oomplaiat and 1-.
19 .»«— jjffiftr nuaj lc8t "ces ti? .
ff most serions formi C k
v 5«5' BrlzM'a disease. 11 '
x /i^w *** e disease la com-
jL JSh plicated send a four-
otisce T ' a^ «* srlne.
f^&w^-^^Sk T7e lrtU «=" : 7zo it
V*1 »ad advise you f.zeo
At an Irafzista. 23a. a »1*5. C :•<!• ta Health
TnLSriiirriiM «T tl**' }?*** Ar< * h **-¦ Phila.OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
DENVER. July 19.— Amalgamation of;
the American Federation of Labor and
the Western Federation of Labor is
proposed. The matter was the subject
of discussion to-day at the meeting of
the executive committee of the Amer
ican Federation.
John H. McDermott, president of tha
Associated Labor Press of America,
appeared before the conference to-day
and, in behalf of the Labor Press, urged
amalgamation. The Western Federa
tion is made up of unions in Colorado,
Idaho, Montana. Utah. Wyoming, the
two Dakotas. a part of Nebraska. Ari
zona, New Mexico and Washington,
and it has also some representation in
California. Its membership is approxi
mately ?0,000 men.
The executive council of the Amer
ican Federation has made an appro
priation of $1300 and levied an assess
ment of two cents a member on all
unions affiliated with the federation
for the benefit of the locked-out cigar
makers of New York City, members of
the International Ci^armakers' Union.
The assessment will effect 750.000 union
members, realizing a sum of $15,000 to aid
the striking cisarir.akers.
The St. Louis street car employes' case
was fully discussed to-day and It was
ajrreed that President Gompers and Vice
President O'Connell should proceed to St.
Louis at the close of the present meeting
and settle the differences between the
transit company and the strikers. If pos
sible.
The council settled the trouble existing
between the National Union of United
Brewery Workmen and the National
Union of Steam Engineers and Interna
tional Brotherhood of Stationary Firemen
by ordering- the brewery workers to re
frain In future from issuing charters to
unions composed of engineers and fire
men.
Messrs. Gompers. Duncan and Kid were
delegated to visit Chicago to endeavor to
effect a settlement of the trouble be
tween the Building Trade3 Council and
th«> contractors.
To-nlRht the members of the council
were given a banquet by the labor organi
zations of Denver.
Assessment Is Levied by the Former
Body to Assist the Striking
Cigar-Makers of Hew
York.
Junction of the American
and Western Federation
Suggested.
LABOR UNIONS
MAY FORM AN
AMALGAMATION
WASHINGTON, July 19.-The State De
partment to-day made public the follow
ing: .
Reciprocity with Italy. By the President of
the United States— A proclamation.
Whereas. His Majesty, the King of Italy,
¦has entered into a reciprocal, comiaerciat agree
ment with the United States of America pur
euant to and in accordance with the provisions
of sectton 3 of the tariff act of the United
States approved July 24, 1897. which agreement
Is in th«> Knglish text with the words and fig
ures following, to wit:
-The President of the United States of Amer
ica and his Majesty, the King of Italy, mu
tually desirous of improving the commercial re
lations between the two countries by a special
agreement relative' thereto, have appointed as
their Plenipotentiaries for that purpose, the
President of the United States of America, the
Hon J. A. Kasson. special Plenipotentiary,
etc.. and his Majesty, the King of Italy, his
Excellency Baron S. F*ava, Senator of the
kingdom, his Embassador at Washington, etc..
who, being duly empowered thereunto, have
agreed upon the following articles:
Concessions of This Country.
Italy's Agreement.
Article I— It Is agreed upon the part of the
United States pursuant to and In accordance
with the provisions of the third section of the
tariff act of the United States, ap
proved July 24. 1S9T. and In consid
eration of the concessions hereinafter
made on tte part of Italy in favi.V of
products and manufactures of the United
titates, that the existing duties imposed upon
the following articles, being the product of the
soil or industry of Italy, imported into the
United States, shall be suspended during the
continuance in force of. this agreement and In
place thereof the duties to be assessed and col
lected thereon shall be as follows, namely:
On argols or crude tartar, or wine lees, crude,
5 per centum ad valorem.
On brandies or other spirits manufactured or
distilled from grain or other materials, $173
per procf gallon.
On still wines and vermouth. In casks, thirty
five cents per gallon, in bottles or Jugs-, per
case of one dozen bottles or Jugs containing
each not more than one quart and more than
ono pint, or twenty-four bottles or Jugs con
taining not more than one pint, Jl 23 per case
and any excess beyond these quantities found
In such. bottles or Jugs shall be subject to a
due of 4 cents per pint or fractional part
thereof, and no separate or additional duty
shall be assessed uiion the bottles or Jugs.
On paintings in oil and water colors, pastel,
pen and Ink drawings and statuary. W per
centum ad valorem.
Article II— It is reciprocally agreed on the
part of .Italy, in consideration of the provisions
of the foregoing articles, ¦ that so long as this
convention shall remain In force, the duties
Schedule for Argols, Lees, Wines and
Brandies Lowered in Considera
tion of Reduction on Ameri
can Machinery.
Text of Agreement Whereby
the Tariff Rates Are
Reduced.
CONVENTION
WITH ITALY IS
MADE PUBLIC
to be assessed and collected on tariff described
merchandise being the product of the soil or
industry of the United States, imported into
Italy shall not exceed the rates hereinafter
specified, namely:
Upon cotton seed oil. lire. 21.50 per quintal.
Upon fish, pickled and In oil. excluding the
tunny, preserved, in boxes or barrels, sardlneJ
or anchovies, lire, 15.00 per quintal.
Ujxin other fish, preserved, lire, 23.00 per
quintal.
Upon asrlcultural machinery, lire. 4.00 per
quintal.
Upon detached 'parts of agricultural ma
chinery (1) of cast iron. lire. 10.000 per quintal:
(2) of either lrcn or steel, lire. 11.05 per quintal.
Upon scientific instruments. (A) of copper,
bronze, brass or steel, (l) with glasses or
microscopes, of graduated scales or circles,
spy glasses for use on land, monocles, blnocles,
lenses, detached and mounted, lire. 30.00
quintal: (2) not provided with any optical in
strument nor with graduated scales or circles,
lire. 30. CO per quintal: (B) of all kinds In the
construction of which Iron Is evidently pre
dominant, lire. 30.00 per quintal. "
Upon dynamo-electrical machines (1). the
weight of which exceeds UXV) kilograms, lire,
18.C0 per quintal: (2) weighing 1000 kilograms or
Ie5.«, lire, 23.no per quintal.
Upon detached part!" of dynamo-electrical
machines, lire, 2.">.on per quintal.
Upon sewing machines Cl> with stands, lire.
23. CO per quintal; (2) without stands, lire, 30.00
per quintal.
Upon varnishes not containing spirits nor
mineral oils. lire. 20.00 per quintal.
Admitted Duty Free.
The following articles shall be admitted free
of duty: ,
Turpentine oil. natural fertilizers of all
kinds, rklns, crude. fre»h or dried, not suitable
for fur. and fur skins.
Article III— This agreement Is subject to th»
approval of the Italian Parliament. When
such approval shall have been given and offi
cial notification shall have been given to the
I'nited States Government of his Majesty'*
ratification the President shall publish his
proclamation Riving full effect to the pro
visions contained In article I of this agree
ment. From and after the date of such procla
mation this agreement shall be In full force
and effect and shall continue in force until
the expiration of the year 1903. and If not re
nounced by either party one year in advance
of the expiration of the said term shall con
tinue in force until one year from the time
on which one of the high contracting parties
shall have 1 Riven notice to the other of its in
tention to arrest the operation thereof.
In witness whereof we. the respective plen
ipotentiaries, have signed this agreement Ja
duplicate, In the English and Italian texts,
and have affixed thereunto our respective seals.
Done at Washington, this Eth day of Feb
ruary. A. D. 1900.
(Peal) JOHN' A. KASSON.
President's Decree.
And whereae, said convention han b*«n duly
ratlfl>d on the part of his Majesty, the Kins
of Italy, official notice whereof has been re
ceived by the President.
Now, therefore, be It known that I. "William
McKinley. President of the Vntted States of
America, actlnp under the authority conferred
by said act of Congress, do hereby suspend dur
ing • the continuance in . force of said agree
ment, the imposition and collection of duties
mentioned in the first section of snld act. and
heretofore collected upon the specific arttclen
of Italian origin as described In said agree
ment, and do declare In place thereof the rates
of duty provided In the third section of said
act as recited in said agreement, to be In full
force and effect from ana after the date of
this proclamation, of which th^ officers and
citizens of ths United" States will take due no
tice.
In testimony whereof I have set my hand
and caused the seal of the United States to bs
affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this isth day
of July. A. D. 1900. and of the Independence of
the United States the one hundred and twenty
fifth. WILLIAM MoKINLEY.
By the President:
JOHN HAT. Secretary of State.
FAST TIME RECORDED.
Prince Alert Goes a Mile in 2:05, The
Abbott Doing 2:07.
DETROIT, July 19.— The first fast time
of the Blue ribbon meeting was made on
j the Grosse Pointe track this afternoon.
j Prince Alert, a polding from Providence,
made a mile in 2:05 In the second heat of
the 2:06 pace, and The Abbott went a mile
in 2:07 in a trial against time to beat his
record of 2:<hjU- The Abbott's record of
to-day was t'co fastest of the present sea
son. He was driven by Geers and paced
by a runner. He went the quarter in '33
| half in 1:05. three-quarters in 1:354. The
I last half was trotted in 1:02.
The 2:06 pacing e\-ent furnished a pretty
content. Prince Alert made his only win
ning in the second heat, but he made the
fast record of the dav.
Braden. a favorite in the 2:27 pace, ran
away in the first heat, threw his sulky
against the quarter-stretch fence and In
jured the Jeg of Roy Miller, his driver
Results:
2:0S trotting, purse fliOO (two in three)— John
Nolan won in straight heats. Time 4:09%,
2:<r.<\. Kinpmond second. Tommy Brttto'n third
Equity also ftarten.
lUue Ribbon stakes. $2000, 2:17 class trotters—
Alan won in straight heats. Time. 2:14. 2:12>4
2:13'if IJessle K second. Green Wilson third'
Chainshot. Loul?e. Senator K, Willow and
Amhoy also started.
2:27 pare, purjc Jl.'OO-Uttle Frank won *ec
• onj. third and fourth hoats. Time, 2:13Vi. 2:15
2:1GV Orace B won first h°at in 2:12=>i and was
! frond. Th? Private thlnl. Jennie Mac Cart
ridge, Tom Me. Gels)!.-*. Maiden Qu-en Mam
hurst and Breden nlso stcrted
2:0C par*-, purse Sirwi (two in. thr*«-)— William
Me won first and fourth h^ats. Time. 2:05'4
2:074. Prince Alert won second heat in 2'0S
and was second. Are won third heat in MO*
nnil wag third. Hilly Andrews. Honey Free
iio.id. I>on. Choral and The Maid also started
2:10 trot, purse JliOO (two in three)— Dare
Drrtl won first and third heats. Time. 2:09V t
, ZOTii: Ix-tah S won second heat in 2 :ii9 V. and
I « *«?ond. Chflrl-y Herr third. Dayton and
A\ ho Is It also started.
GOLF TOUBXAMENT.
Miss Anthony and Mrs. Coulter
Matched for the Finals.
CHICAGO. July 39.— In the Governor's
£2./S?i t **» fa / he wom:i n's golf tourna
ment Miss Bessie Anthony and Mrs. J M
Cuu.tor were the winners, and will nlav
against each other in the finals to-mor-
T^r. CO ,T test bctw **n Miss Anthony, who
tU-j I yo ? rs ol<J ' and Mrs - Chatfleld
rn..lor was close and required the placing
M f c a V?£ ra holt? t0 declde the winner.
&%£?™?!!1& T? V )Ut by a score of 115
holes chatflcld Taylor's 116 for the 18
n' M , r9 -,S 0Ulter toafMlM Martha Wilson
llo TO Ho.
ERNE PUTS UP A DEPOSIT
j Seeks a Return Match With Terry
; McGovern for the Cham-
I pionship.
NEW YORK. July 19.-Frank Erne to
day deposited 51000 to bind a match with
Terry McGovern for the lightweight
championship of the world at 133 pounds
Erne says: - *
"Without wishing to take any credit
from McGovern for his victory I can only
say that I was mistaken in making 123
pounds. I could not do myself justice I
fought at a weight which left me' no
strength or vitality."
GOLD FROM AUSTRALIA.
Two and a Half Millions Coming to
This City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I WASHINGTON, July 19.— Mr. Roberts,
the director of the Mint, has received In
formation that J2.500.00a gold Is on the
way from Australia to the United States
Mint at San Francisco and that there will
be monthly shipments of a like amount
for about four months. This gold will be
paid for In Eastern exchange.
NEW YORK, July 13.— The twenty
eighth annual regatta of the National As
sociation of Amateur Oarsmen was com
menced to-day under the auspices of the
Harlem Regatta Association. The course
was on the Harlem River, between Fcrd
fcam Heights landing and Washington
tiride, a distance of one and a half miles,
straightaway. The weather was to the
liking of the competitors, but a strong
breeze blew directiy against the oarsmen,
•which made fast time out of the question.
Of the six races rowed to-day, three—
the International fours, a heat of the in
termediate singles and the pair-oared
ehtJl race — were rowed with the incoming
tide. The intermediate doubles' first heat,
the senior cight-oared shells and the Paris
four shells were rowed against the out
going tide.
About 1",OX> persons lined the river
banks near the finish. The rirst event was
the international four-oared shell race.
The starters were the Wachusett Boat
C"lub of Worcester, Mafs., and the Detroit
Boat Club of Detroit. The Wachusett
crev.- tv?.s stroked by E. H. Ten Eyck. the
ex-Henley champion, who introduced his
tcuiling 8tyle of sweep rowing. The
Wcchusetts were the Jirst to catch the
water. After a few strokes, however, the-
Detroits dr« 5 w level and then commenced
a rare tussle. B<>th crews steered badly,
but of the two the Wachusetts were the
worse, and if they should commit the
Fam« mistake- in the Paris regatta they
will land clear up on the bank of the river
Seine. At the mile the crews were about
level, but by sheer plugging the Wachu
setts f',rg<-ii ahf-ad and finally won by two
and m half lengths of open water.
Joseph Nial. a slim youngster from the
Laureate Boat Club of Troy, secured a
df-rivive win in the first heat of the lnter
irjf-diate singles.
The pair-oared shells was a veritable
gift for Exleh and Busche of the Vesper
Boat Club of Philadelphia. The crews
had hprdlv rowc-d three hundred yards
vihfi) the Qufikers wfr<- in front about two
lengths, and going along In splendid style
they crossed the line about twelve lengths
nh'-ad of the Detroit Boat Club. The
Cokmi of New York were the only other
or<-w in this race.
The last race was the Paris fours, the
competitors again being the Wachusetts
and Detrolts. The Wachusetts won by
ebout a Length, and the victory entitled
them to a trip to the Paris Exposition at
the expense of the National Association
Of AmaUur Oarsmen.
TT.^ four ar» E. H. Ten Eyck. Con Daly.
Thomas It. Johnson and C. H. L<ewis. all
of Worct-st^r. Mass.
Same Crew Also "Wins the Event
"WTiicli Entitles It to a Trip to
the Paris Exposi
tion.
Wachusett Boat Club Wins
the International Four-
Oared Shell.
OARSMEN OF
AMERICA ROLD
THEIR REGATTA
LONDON'. July 19.-William Waldorf
Astor has apparently reached the conclu
sion that he made a grave blunder when
he publicly insulted Captain Sir Archibald
Berkley Milne. To-day Mr. Astor pub
lishes In his newspaper, the Pall Mall
Gazette:
"We Oe<=ire to express regret that a
paragraph which appeared In this column
July 2 with regard to the presence of Sir
Berkley Milne at* Mr. Astor's concert the
preceding Thursday evening should have
been published under a misapprehension
of the exact circumstances. Explanations
of a complete categorical kind now show
that Sir lierkley Milne's presence was due
to a misunderstanding that entirely ab
solves him. from any Intentional discour
tesy."
Mr. Astor's apology was without doubt
forced by the action of the Prince of
Wales, who, when the matter was placed
before him. unhesitatingly expressed his
Indignation and declared that unless an
ample apology was forthcoming Mr. Astor
could not bt- permitted to retain member
ship in the Marlborough Club. The Prince
of Wales' views were conveyed to the
club committee and Mr. Astor was noti
fied that an apology alone could save him
from being expelled. Though this apology
Is now forthcoming and Mr. Astor has
narrowly escaped the ignominy of public
expulsion from thf> club. It is widely as
serted that his forced repentance will not
save him from being cold-shouldered by
all who are not dazzled by his wealth.
It Is Asserted His Forced Repentance
"Will Not Save Him From Being
Cold-Shouldered by Many
of His Friends.
Publicly Expresses Regret
and Says He Was Mis
informed.
ASTOR MAKES
APOLOGY FOR THE
MILNE INSULT
Special Dispatch to The Call
VALLEJO. July 19.— The third day of
the race meeting was liberally attended
and the major portion of those present at
the track were dressed in their betting
clothes. The sport, with one exception,
was above mediocrity, but a strong wind
again caused the watches to record no
very fast time, which was regrettable, as
the surface of the course is how begin
ning to wear a velvety look.
The 2:14 pace was responsible for the
defeat of William Harold, a son of Sid
ney, which sold a pronounced favorite in
the overnight betting. After taking the
first heat like breaking eggs, Harold
plainly dogee- it, and John A, splendidly
driven by J. M. Xelson, wiggled off three
very becoming heats, securing the long
end of the purse. The special for stern
wheelers of the 2:1S class was a catching
operetta of five acts that dragged consid
erably toward the end, In which the he
roine eventually turned up in Miss Barna
bee. In the running number El Mldo
downed his field handily, while Zurich, by
taking the sprint, caused the bookies to
shudder.
Betting on the pace was not brisk, be
ing confined chiefly to small wagers on
the result of heats. William Harold ruled
an even money chance for the first, and
led Bernard and Wilhelmina over the line
so impressivelv that he had a stanch fol
lowing to take the heat following. To the
surprise of all, John A, the 4 to 1 outsider
of the sldewheel quartet, hooked up with
Harold in the stretch and in a drive was
first by a head in 2:13%. Big things were
expected of Bernard in the tnlrd heat, but
John A repeated the trick, reaching home
a length before the horse from Southern
California. The latter made a bold bid
(for the fourth and deciding heat, but,
after being cut off just betore striking
the stretch, lost at the close by two open
lengths. Driver Whitney entered a pro
test, claiming a foul against the heat
winner, which was disallowed by the
stand.
Beyond doubt the special was broken
into many parts. Twilight, Juan Chico
and Miss Barnabee all taking heats. The
whole affair was taken as a joke even by
the bookmakers, who were not caught
napping.
Seven to ten looked a long price against
El Mido in the betting on the mile run.
due preatly to the support accorded Lit
tle Sister and Romany. Sister, the 2 to 1
second choice, lfd until well into the
stretch, where Gaffney shook the first
choice up, and he won with considerable
to spare. Romanv was third.
Humphrey & Co. received a jarring over
the result of the five-furlong scramble.
Zurich, with M. Nichols up and 6 to 1 in
the opening betting, headed Harry Gwynne
in the run to the stand, winning by a
couple of lengths in 1:01. Gwynne beat
the gate, but was unable to last. Whit
comb, the favorite, and Candlelight II,
another short-priced one, were left at the
post. Summary:
Pacing. 2:11 class, purse $500:
John A, br. h., by Wayland W'-Lady
Moore (Nelson) 4 1 1 1
William Harold, b. h., by Sidney (Simp
son* 1233
Bernard, ch. g. by Jim Blaine (Whitney) 2 4 2 2
Wilhelmlna. blk. m., by Charleston (\V.
G. Durfee) 3 3 4 4
Time— 2:13U, 2:13%, 2:14. 2:14'.4.
Special trot, 2:1S class purse $300:
Miss Barnabee. b. m., by McKlnney,
by Del Sur <\V. Durfee) 5 112 1
Twilight, b. m. (Gannon) 12233
Juan Chtco. b. g., by Bay Rum (Hell
man) 34312
Lady Mae, b. m., by Direct (W. Hofco
boom) 2344 4
Vendome. b. g.. by Iran Alto (Bunch).. 4 5 5 d
Time— 2:21, 2:2Ui. 2:24. 2:24U. 2:22V4.
One mile, Felling, purse $150:
J. S. Campbell's b. g. El MIdo, 119 (Gaftney),
3 to 5 l
T. H. Smythe's b. m. Little Sister. 105 (Rus
sell), 2 to 1 2
M. Donovan's b. g. Romany, 104 (MeXichols),
5 to 2 3
Time— 1:43.
Earl Cochrane 111. Fllle d"Or S3 and Judge
Shropshire 85 'also ran.
Five furlongs,' purse $100:
G. Boland's ch. g. Zurich, 115 (McNIchols).
4 to 1 1
Halford & Co.'s b. g. Harry Gwynne, 112
(Bozcman). 15 to 1 2
J. Webb's b. g. San -Augustine, 115 (Collis),
8 to 1 3
Time— 1:00.
Candle Light 100. Fine Shot 100, Whitcomb 115,
Be Happy 115. El Arte 10O, Rlcardo 112, Chris
tine 112 and Reina de Los Angeles 112 also ran.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Stakes at Chicago.
Alard Scheck Wins the Hyde Park
CHICAGO, July 19.— Alard Scheck. the
crack two-year-old, won the Hyde Park
stakes from Golden Age to-day by only
half a length, the advantage he gained in
the start, but he was probably the better,
for he never seemed in trouble. The race
waa worth $2320 to the winner. Results:
Five and one-half furlongs— Lady Schorr won.
School Master second, Cora Goetz third. Time,
l:0S.
Six furlongs— Tulla Fonso (barred) won,
Sharp Bird second. Scarlet Lilly third, Par
m^nlon fourth. Time. 1:13V4.
Six furlongfc — Alard Scheck won, Golden Age
second, Tyr third. Time 1:13H.
Mile and an eighth— Milwaukee won, Alcedo
eecond. Limerick third. Time, 1:53.
One mile — George Arnold won. The Sprite
second, imp. Mint Sauce third. Time, 1:33.
Mile and an eighth— Creosus won, Cogmooaey
second, Our Nellie third. Time, 1:53%.
MONTREAL, July 19.— Results at Bel
laire:
One mile— Poorlawls won,' Jessie Jarbo second,
Althea third. Time, 1:51
Four and one-half furlongs— San Luis won.
Lady Kdith second. Mnrcy third. Time. 1:01%.
Handicap, nix furlongs — Quaver won. Xancy
Till second. Krins Kringlc third. Time, 1 :24V4-
Viger Hoter stakes. 2-year-olds, half a mile—
Lillian Bar won. Maggie W. second. Terminus
third. Tirr.<*. :55V4.
Six furlongs— Ida Fordham won, George Le
Bar second, Mips* Soak third. Time, 1:24V4.
Steeplechase, about a mile and throe-quarters
— Dr. Coop won. Looram second, Mr. Dunlop
third. Time, 3:27Vi.,
ST. LOUIS, July 19. -Results:
Six furlonBR. selling— Aunt Maggie won, Le«
Bruno second. Percy R third. Time, 1:10.
One mile— Charley O'Brien won, Tom Gll
more secord. Strangest third. Time, 1:46.
Six furlongs. pelllnK— Iris won, Joe Dough
erty second. Duty third. TIm*\ 1:17%.
Four and one-half furlongs— Queen Dlxon
won. Wild Pirate second. Money Muss third
Time. :37H. .
Handicap, mile and a 8lxt«*pnth — Nandora
won,. Molo second, Terra Incognita third
Time. 1:62%. * '.
Selling, peven furlongs— Ohnet won, Sam
Lazarus second, Macon third. Time, 1:81.
NEW YORK. July 19.— Results at
Brighton Beach:
Mile and a sixteenth— Survivor *won. Half
Time second. Time, 1:47. (Only two starters).
rive furlonjrs— Candle won. Agnus D. second
All Saints third. Tlm«>. 1:02 1-5.
One mile, selling— Peaceful won, Ceylon sec
ond. Anjou third. Time. 1 :42.
Th« Atlantic Ftakes. six furlongs— Prince
Pepper won, Outlander second, Tom Kenney
third. Time, 1:13 4-5.
Mile and a quarter— Maid of Harlem won.
Lord Baltimore second, Favonlus third. Time
2:06 1-5.
Six furlnngn. selling— Gibraltar won, Buffoon
Eecond, Sir Christopher third. Time, 1:14.
American Jockeys in Front.
LONDON, July 19.— At the Newmarket
second July meeting. to-day the American
Jockeys were quite successful. The high
weight handicap, about one mile and" four
furlongs, was won by Sea Fog, with W.
H. Martin in the saddle. Chicane, guided
by Sloan, won the Chesterfield stakes for
two-year-olds, five furlongs. A handicap
of five furlongs was won by Richard Crok
er's Salina. ridden by J. Reiff. Mr. Crok
er's Merrilla, with L. Reiff, was second
In the Reach plate for two-year-olda.
High Wind Prevents Good
Time at Vallejo Race
Course.
Whitcomb, a Popular Fancy, and
Candlelight II, Also Well
Played, Are Left at the
Post.
HAROLD, THE
FAVORITE, LOSES
TO FAST JOHN A
GEORGETOWN, Ky., July 19.— The
case of Caleb Powers, charged with
complicity in the Goebel assassination,
opened to-day with a long legal debate
on the questt6n of the admisslblllty of
matters transpiring between the date of
the shooting of Senator Goebel and his
death. The point was raised by a
question put by the prosecution to
Witness Culton regarding a conversa
tion between him and Youtsey before
Goebel died. The court ruled that this
evidence must be excluded.
In regard Jo- the preparations for
bringing the big crowd of mountain
eers to Frankfort, witness said Powers
told those in the conference that In the
event of any trouble growing out of the
importation of the men the leaders
would be indicted for conspiracy, and
were asked if they were willing to take
the risk. In the discussion of tne ques
tion of transportation witness said
Henry Painter, a Mlddlesboro railroad
lawyer, suggested that trains be captured
on several roads.
Culton said he boarded the mountaineer
excursion at Richmond. He said Charles
Finley had told him to go there and come
down with the men, as Powers was not
needed. He was told to tell the men to
announce on their arrival that they had
come only to petition the Legislature.
Advised to Be Cautious.
After the assassination Powers came
to witness and told him to write to the
parties who were in the conference and
tell them they had better be very care
ful and do no talking, as they were
liable to be connected with the murder.
Witness told him it would be dangerous
to write- and Powers said he would do
it himself. The prosecution produced a
box of cartridges for witness to Inspect.
He said the cartridges were like those
Youtsey showed ntm when talking
about killing Goebel.
Powers gave witness badges for the
mountain men who remained at Frank
fort. They were issued so that in case
of trouble they could distinguish their
own men from others. The badges con
tained a picture of Governor Taylor
Witness said that while in jail with
Powers at Frankfort Powers begged
him not to go on the witness stand in
the hearinp of the motion for bail. Wit
ness told Powers he wanted to get ball
as his family needed him. Powers told
him he would see to it that his family
was provided for if witness would agree
not to go on the stand. Witness declined
to do so.
"Is it not true that you used over $1000
belonging to the funds in your charge
while a clerk in the Auditor's office and
that Auditor Stone was compelled to make
your shortage jjood?" asked the counsel
for defense.
"It Is not true. I was not short In any
amount, and Auditor Stone did not have
to pay anything on my account."
Culton was asked about visiting Colonel
Campbell and ethers of the prosecution.
He denied that he had been promised im
munity. He admitted that he did not tell
Campbell the truth when he said that he
told all he knew, but. as a matter of fact
he told just as much as he was forced to
tell.
Testimony at Variance.
Witness said that in becoming a witness
In the Powers case now on trial and in
tellinpr all he knew he is following the ad
vice of his father. Judge Culton. The de
fense then atempted to show an intimacy
between Culton and the prosecution, and
that a discrimination was beiner made be
tween Culton and the other defendants.
Mr. Owens asked a number of questions
to show that the testimony given by Cul
ton on the stand to-day and yesterday was
at variance on some points with that
plven in his application for bail at Frank
fort. Witness said he had omitted some
things in his testimony, but that he had
not done so intentionally. His memory
had been refreshed by the questioning of
the lawyers, and this recalled the addi
tional matter he had told.
The cross-examination was continued in
the afternoon session. He was asked to
again relate the conversation between him
and ex-Governor Bradley regarding a re
port that Goebel was to be killed. Brad
ley told witness he understood that twen
ty men had been picked for that purpose
and said: "That must not be under anv
circumstances."
He was asked If Powers did not come to
him after the assassination and ask him if
he knew anything that would lead to the
discovery of the assassin. Witness could
not recall such a conversation. Culton
concluded his testimony at 2:30 p m.
Silas Jones cf Whitley County, who went
with the mountaineers to Frankfort and
remained there until after the assassina
tion, was the next witness.
Jones was in the executive building
when the shooting occurred. The «shots
sounded to him to come from the Secre
tary of State's office. Prior to the shoot
ing the witness was In Governor Taylor's
office. The Governor asked him why he
was not in the House lobby. Witness re
plied that he did not want to go up there
as he was not armed. He added- "The
Governor asked why In the hell I had
come there without arms and said I had
as well go home."
After the shooting Jones was arrested
as a suspect but was released, the Grand
Jury falling to Indict.
Tells of the Preparations for Bring
ing the Crowd of Mountaineers
to Frankfort Before the
Assassination.
Says Powers Offered to Re
ward Him for Keeping
Quiet.
CULTON WAS
URGED NOT TO
GIVE TESTIMONY
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON* IIOTEU WASHINGTON*, July 19.—
Cuba.*! independent government Is to be
organized and the withdrawal of the
United States from the Island is to be ae<
ccmplifhe-i. within -nine months. This Is
the extreme limit which administration
officials now pet for the continuance of
American military control of the Island.
The situation in Cuba and the pro
pnrame to be carried out by the United
States v;ct9 considered to-day at a meet-
Ing of the Cabinet and at a luncheon in
the White House, which was participated
In by the President, members of the Cab
inet and Major General Wood, who went
over the situation In Cuba with the Pres
ident and Cabinet as fully as»he did with
Secretary of War Root yesterday.
General Wood Impressed his hearers
with his conviction that matters in Cuba
were in a satisfactory condition and that
there would be no difficulty al>out the
gradual withdrawal of troops. It is not
the intention of the administration to re
duce the military force in Cuba below r»noO
men until after the general elections for
delegates to the constitutional conven
tion. This election will be held before the
end of October and will be the next step
in th« direction of the formation of the
Cuban Government. The convention will
assemble as t^oon as possible after the
election, and the future of the Cubans will
then be in tholr own hands, as organiza
tion of their independent government and
the date when it is to assume its duties
and responsibilities will depend very
largely on the action of this convention.
It is expected that the convention will
frame a constitution modeled very larKely
on that of the United States. It \IM pro
vide for elections to fill the various ofllces
created, and ns soon as these elections
have been held and new officials in
stalled the T'nited States will finally with
draw. It is thought this can be done in
about nine months. It is realized by the
administration that there are many ad
vocates of annexation of Cuba, both in
the island and in the United States. There
nre strong advocates of annexation among
high ofHcials of the administration, but no
pressure is to be exerted on Cubans in the
United States. Annexation may como
finally, but it Is not expected that It will
come without a period of independence.
The commercial advantages that can be
secured by Cubans by political union with
the T'nited States will probably build up
a strong party of annexationlsts in the
Islnnds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Independent Government to Be Organ
ized and Troops Withdrawn
From the Islands.
CUBA WILL BE FREED
WITHIN NINE MONTHS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, JTJL.Y 20, 1900.
FIRST DEATH FROM
SMALLPOX IN JACKSON
Five Cases Have Developed Within
the Past Forty-eight
Hours.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON. July 19.— The first death
chargeable in any way to smallpox oc
curred here last night, the victim being
Mrs. Joseph Datson.
Five cases have been developed within
the past forty-eight hours, all very mild
These, of course, had been contracted be
fore the quarantine was adopted, but the
more thoughtful of the citizens are de
termined to stamp out the last vestige of
the disease at whatever cost in, dollars
and cents, If for no other reason than
that business now at a standstill may as
sume its normal, condition.
DELTA IOTA CHI CONCLAVE.
Members of the Fraternity Enjoy a
Pleasant Outing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. July 19.— The Delta Iota
Chi conclave is a great success. The vis
iting members In a social way are having
a very fine time. To-day they enjoyed a
picnic at Isbel Grove.'
They went to the grove in buses and
found a bounteous lunch In waiting when
they arrived. The reception at Rincon
Terrace was a grand affair. There were
seventy-five young men in attendance -
The home was elaborately decorated
and the following programme was given-
Piano solo. Miss Ida Wilson: whistling
solo. Miss Marguerite Morey; cornet solo
Agnes Parker; vocal solo, Miss Olivia
Verdon of San Francisco; .vocal solo, Miss
Gussefeld of San Jose.
BIDS FOR CBUISERS.
Navy Department Completes the Cir
cular Asking for Tenders.
WASHINGTON. July 19.— The Navy De
partment has completed the circular call-
Ing for- bids for constructing armored
cruisers of the first class. These will be
the largest ships in the navy, the tonnage
running over 14,000. The ships will be en
larged New ¦ Yorks, ¦ a type found to be
better than any other of the armored
cruisers, and lacking, only In size, a de
fect which it Is proposed to make good in
the' new designs. The; circular- calls for
bids to be opened December 8.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON *D. C). July 10.—Post
office. established— California: Ritchey.
Amador County. Purmello J. Norris, post
master, a
PostofTiees discontinued, July 31—Cali
fornia: Cana, Butte County, mall to Nord.
OsaJie. San Bernardino County, mall to
Marvel.
Oregon— Seal Rock, Lincoln County,
mail to Lutger.s.
Postmaster commissioned— Richard Koh-
Jer, Wahl. Washington. Postmaster ap
pointed—California: Floriston, Nevada
County, J. \V. Doan, vice G. W. Block,
removed.
<jreson— Marquam, Clackmas County. J.
C. AJaryuam, vice K. M. Hartman, re
signed. Nehalem, Tillamook County. W.
A. Oliver, vice Henry Tohl. resigned.
Thomas. Linn County, Richard Struck
tneler. \iee William Price, resigned.
Pensions issued to-day: California—
Original, William Wachot. Alameda, $0;
G. IV. White. Parkfield. $6; Stephen
OLeary. San Diego. $C; Henry V. Martin.
Berkeley. $0; John W. Deck. San Fran
cSsco, fi; Asbury Wharton. Fresno, $G;
Herman tlundenacr. San Francisco. $6;
Alht rt Hfenaes. Arlington Place, Sfi; David
Irwln, San Francisco. t$: Nelson Wandell.
Fan Francisco. $«>; Sheldon Bennett, San
Francirco. SO; Anson Wootlin, Artesfa, $•>;
Darkl IV. Will. S. Idlers' Home. Los An
ereies, f-G; Jor. A. Watt. Veterans' Home,
-Vapa. t"i; George G. O'Neal. Spanish
Ranch, $€; G<orgo W. Pfcclon, Irwindale.
JO; Alex AusTin, Hcaldsburg. %C; James
Francis. San Bernardino, $6. Additional—
James KUen. Soldiers' Home. Los An-
KeU-s, SS. Renewal— Henry Voungroan.
NHe*. $•> I nereis.— Daniel Sullivan, Vet
erans' Home, JCapa. $10; KJlpworth S. Sut
ton, San Die^o. $11'; William Brophy.
Soldiers' Iinm», Ix>s Ansoles, $8; Jos.
KIze Tunzl. I'etahima. 5^; James Connor,
Tiburon. |S; M. H. Wileox. Los Angeles,
J^: Jarti»-i* M. Gardner, Soldiers' Horn", Los
AnRel^s, J10. Reissue an;l increase— George
L. Parker, Vallejo. SU, Original %Vidows—
Helen C. Levy, Ijo* Anpeles, $S. War
with Spate- George CathclSn. Alameda. *6.
Oregon — Original— StThen D. Cole.
Ilog.-d;ilf-. $C: John A. P.arkrr, Eugene. $10.
Inert a Ft— Albert Brink. Steamboat. $10;
George KoRors. Monmouth. $6: John S.
BSrdsaU, Olarno. HO: WHli.am W. Tennis.
DUlr. 5^: Francis M. Naujjht. Meadow
brook. $10. Original widows— Frances Ca
roth, Canby, $S.
Washineton— Oricinal— John S. Humph
rey. Tii>so. $0; James Curry. Toledo. $&;
Clark H. Noyrs. Soldiers' Homo, Ortlng.
?'). Addilfor.iil— John Hollr-nbeck. Puyal-
Jup, ?S. Renewal— Madison N. Coleman. 1
& attle. $<".. R< issue and increase— Joh'i
/<". Spencer. South Park. W
£ The <?Jvfl Service Commission announces
fan examination for cWk and carrier in
*J;<? San Francisco postoffice August 25
Acting A?si5tanl Surgeon Joseph J.
Curry, I*. S. A., now at San Francisco,
lias been ordered to this city.
FAVA
(Seal)
5
Gowns at Hatf.
In addition to onr
(f^^X July Clearance Bar-
ljfc£$ i gain3 in the Under-
4 ~^W muslin Department.
(L ~j|s we offer for to- days
P3^5i5j(3pL^^ Ladies' Cambric Gowns,
vf&^^f&^Yi elaborately triram;d
W&SS^Jl with torchon lice,
\ifWf YSl 4 that hava a' ways
Ladie3' French style
Gowns, line cambric,
e egantly trimmed
with Point d'Esprit
lace and alMilk rib-
bons, price regularly
1|
1
$2.50-to-3ay $1.4-5
Second Floor.
& Oof itenifcuBe Bazaar, *§
CALIFORNIA'S LARdEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE.
Some Important Offerings
for the Week— Big Money-Saving Chances*
loc Batistes, Striped Printed Lawns and other choice Wash Fabrics,
now ~ Bo
81-incb Unbleached .* "hvctintj, very excellent quality, this week, yard 19c
Short lots Ladies' Heckwcar -Band Bjws, String Ties, Lace Scarfs, Silk
Jabots, B ouse Front?, Si k S'ock*. etc. Now Halt PrlCO to close.
$1.00 to $S.5O per yard Yokings and Allovcrs, black, cream and white,
now ba'f price.
Covert Suiting, first quality, for Outing Suits, etc., now, yard 9o
2cc Imported D'miiiGS. stripes, dots and checks, atao solid colors, now. ,.f6o
Embroidered Skirting Fiannofs — Now one-qnarter off regular prices.
Nove'tv Tucked Batistes— 25 to 29 inches wide, white and colors, one-
quarter off regular prices.
Point do Paris Laces — Worth 2Dc to 30c yard, 2 to 5 inches wid?, now..
t4o
25c Cretonnes— 32 inches wide, double or single faced, floral patterns
....: 17o
B'ack Taffeta Skirt Lining — Fancy co'ored borders, $1 pieca?, 5 yards long, now..
: 38o
Men's Goods— Clean-up sa?e3, short Tots.
Pore Linen Gratsh Suits? stylishly made, all sizes, were $5, to close, now
$2-95
Stylish Fiannol Outing Suits, blue or gray, with fine light stripes, were
$7.r>0 to $10, price to close $5,45
Second Aisle — Right of Entrance.
$1.00 and if 1.25 Fancy Shirt'. now..7/C Men's 50c Neckwear .....39O
Fast B ack Seamie«s Cotton Sox 7ho 25c Black Neckwear 17O
Men'3 25c Fancy Saspendew f 7c Fancy Bind Bowa -17O
Boys' Bib OvaraTTs 19o $1.00. $1.5D and $2.00 N»ckwear-7QP
Friday Sale,
Groceries, Liquors.
Imported Milchner Herring- White
and fat, to-dav 8 tor 25c
Cudahy's Rex Brar.d Corn Boot—
1-lb tin*, to-day, 2 tins for 25c
Another Butter Sale |
I To-Day Only. |
The best Creamery Butter, |
regular size squares.... 33c i
Djpont's Imported French Peas—
per tin 18o
Gold M?dal Salad Dressing—
Bjttle 13 O
Heinz' s Popper Sauce - Green
or red, to-day, per bottle...... 20c
Crisse & Blackwe Vs Lucca Olive OH
— To-day, quart bottles 600
Domestic Sardines— In oil. to-
day, 3 tin3 1OC
Port or Sherry— Absolute'y Dure
wine, to-day, per gallon 400
Qtd Tom Gin— Very best, to-day,
bottle 7tO
Cream Pure Rye Whisky, 8 years
old — per bottle, to-day 85c
Puritas Root Beer or G'rrffsr
Ale — To-day, per dozan \i5o
Main Floor— Rear.
Cloak Department
Clearing Prices.
$10.00 Jack?tMi*w.
$4.95 js^tni
$22.50 Tailor Dress- "^^SfSk
es $14.50 Wm
$7.50 Skirts, mw.... L*A
$4.75 x /Wv
11.00 Duck Skirts... V/ \\ A
48o W. f\\
$1.00 Shirt Waists.. V: i />}
G9o
75c Shirt Waists / -M/
48o ,'// )jY
6Dc Shirt Wai3ts if ///
33o 1 JA
$1.25 Fancy Under- I '/l\
skirts 79C $ /"(
$2.00 Wash S.<irt*... /j /J l\
$2.6*6 Wrapper?, /C/ \
now $1.35 N^*fe-CvhS
$5.00 and $6 0 ) Si k
Waists... $3.95
Second Floor— Front.
$5.50 Turbans,
$3.50.
A nice assortment of Ladies* Fancy
Chiffon and Straw Turbans, ready to
wear with but slight additional, trim-
miag3, . some of this season's most
stylish millinery, were $5.50, choice
to-day only „ $3.50
Second Floor.
Mew Bargains.
Men's and Boys'
Clothing-
Wool w&a
Suit* A^r Alc^
%t>9m%9O / I , \ WvXi^
Only 60 of i A \/-T^/^
these fuit9, lytA ' \J t\ I IS\
all-wool \ ] > /3-4J (/ J
fast blue \yjj A l^UT*' /
Cheviots — ' y '\ : |C^~^
medium \f I Y'jIf'W
eightSt // /'I, ,
sinp e or / // L^ \\\ )
double J II *f'^j' \ '
breasted |/J«4i5cl n
8acksuits, i^^^^^L A
extra well J^vff^^/i I 1
made, per- Mff/ Y^S/ I I
$iao* r jW IJ
Friday and <*L-(S
Saturday c^^i^"
; *5.^5
Men's $4.00 Pants $2.29—
92 paira, in size3 34 to 42 waist?, all-
wool silk-mixei Cissimeres, well made
and shapely — Friday and (&n »n
Saturday only &mSm£i%3
Boys' Vcstao Suits $2.19-
They sell ia a regutar way for $3.50,
sizes for 3 to 7 year3, all-wool fabrics,
either coat or sailor collars, well made
and trimmed— to-day and «£»*£ tfO
Saturday only fymSam**
Bo\b* Sailor Suits $2.95—
Only about 63 in this lot, so come early;
ail-wool blue • Cheviot, handsome'y
trimmed. blou3es full and long, regularly
$4.0C — to-day and Saturday f^ay, GHZ
only v»»w«>
The ordinary shoe sale at this season of the year is of broken size3, short lots, styles that haven't sold
well and are sure to be out of style in the fall. The shoes that m offer at about 65c on the dollar
have just been completed by the factory; have not been in our store two weeks. Every style is good
and up-to-date, and we have all sizes in each style.
$2.50 Vici Kid Shoes, laca or button £1.69 $3.50 VicI KM Shoe', cloth or kid tops $2.37
?3.00 Vici K ; d Lace Shoes $1.98 $3.50 Patent Leather Shoe?. tk» rratty $2.37
$5.00 Patent Leather Shoes, c.oth top, s?w»d soles, Loais XV heels. $3 35.
THE EMPOBITJM.
| Eleven New Fashionable Styles Ladies" Shoes
| All Sizes, All Widths— No Short Lots or Broken Lines— At About
| 65c on the $1*00— Thousands of Pairs— Crowds Daily,
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBITJM.
Sunday. July 22, special excursion to
Uklah: $2 for round trip. Leave Tiburon
ferry, foot of Market street, at 8:30 a. m.;
leave Uklah 5 p. m. Tickets on sale
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Satur-
day. .
ATLANTA ?Ga.). July 19.— The Southern In-
dustrial conv*ntlon occupied th« day In di»-
cussicn of the address presented by the com-
mittee appointed a year ago to report en the
commercial outlook of the South. Speeches
were made by T>. A. Tompktns of North Caro-
lina and J. M. Wilkinson of Georgia.The telephone monopoly says it will remove its
home office to Portland, Or., and take 500 people
away from San Francisco. This suggests that the time
is opportune for telephone sufferers to petition the di
rectors of the monopoly to include some of its im
pudent "hello girls" among the emigrants.
The bunko industry appears to have been revived
with marked energy in this city. After the bubonic
exploit* of the Board of Health we may expect the
revival of anything in the nature of the atrocious.
William Jennings Bryan spent a few hours the
other day in making a critical inspection of the site
of his new home. The inspection, it is needless to
say, was made thousands of miles from Washington.
In making an appeal for a, reduction of his local
assessment J. J. Rauer says he had only 89 cents in
the bank on the first Monday of March. Can it bf
possible that Jake has been dealing with more than
one set of probate pirates?
A FEW days ago in pointing out the importance
of pledging ail legislative candidates this year
to the enactment next winter of some well de
vised law looking toward the preservation of forests,
The Cail stated that ?mple object lessons in the form
of fires would be forthcoming during the summer to
enforce upon the public mind the need of such legis
lation. One of those lessons has now blazed out in
the sugar pine belt, and from the reports that come to
us it appears a very disastrous one indeed.
A dispatch from Placcrvillc of yesterday in de
scribing the fire states that up to that time it ha-J
already destroyed a lcrge acreage of trees and much
other property of value. The forests swept by the
rlames are in the heart of the sugar pine belt and con
tain some of the finest timber in the world. The
total amount of the direct loss will be difficult to cal
culate, while that of Hie indirect loss is absolutely
incalculable, since it is going to affect not only the
owners of the woods that were burned but the whole
community whose trade and industries are in any
way connected with the timber interests.
After this fire others will come. From week to
week, and £t certain periods perhaps from day to day,
during the dry season we shall have to chronicle fire
fire, sweeping over pastures or forests, in one
part of the State or another. Mountain and valley
dike will suffer from the scourge. The total cost to
the State of the disasters will exceed the amount
which would be imposed upon us by taxation to sup
port a great war. What will the people do about it'
We talk of economy, we demand lower taxes, we
ask for strictly business methods of managing State
:.fTair«, and yet we permit a waste of woods
in comparison with which the waste by parties is as
rothing. To support forest fires we impose upon our
natural resources a tax so heavy we can hardly count
it up. If we are going to have a businesslike regard
icr our prosperity and welfare, let us begin to exer
cise it this winter to the extent of making at least an
earnest attempt to d;vise a good and scientific plan
for the prevention of forest fires.
FIRE IN THE SUGAR PINES
General Miles says he would go to China if he were
sssured of supreme command of all the allied forces,
1 ut there is a little Japanese general who prefers to
occupy that post bimscli. The Orientals are teaching
ns a lesson in polite assurance that is assuredly not
courteous.
ONE MORE TICKET TO COME.
AT the last tally there were ten Presidential
tickets in the field, and now we are promised
another. The Gold Democrats who sup
ported Palmer and Buckner four years ago
have about decided to do the right thing and vote the
straight Republican ticket this year, but the anti
imperialists who cannot follow Bryan will, it is said,
fill the vacancy by the nomination of an independent,
anti-imperial, gold-standard, go-as-you-please ticket,
for the purpose of affording candidates to all persons
who do not like to vote with the crowd. \
In a dispatch from Washington Wednesday it was
stated that ex-Senator Edmunds is expected to take
a leading part in organizing the new movement, but
that expectation is in the nature of an air plant, for
it has no ground for existence. Edmunds has in an
open letter already declared an intention to support
McKinley. It was also stated that efforts are being
made to induce ex-President Cleveland to join the
combination and take an active part in launching it,
but no intimation was given of any intention on his
part to do so. Finally it was added: "The main re
liance of the promoters of the independent ticket is
the strong Democratic element in New York, New
Jersey. Pennsylvania and the New England States,
which will not go to Bryan on account of silver Jjnd is
not prepared to support the Republican ticket on ac
count of imperialism, so called. A similar condition
of things exists in Indiana and other parts of the
West."
The nomination of the projected ticket would of
course add something to the spice of the campaign,
for it would be a variety, but the amount added would
be so small no one would ever know it was there
from the general flavor of the mass. The people are
not going to throw away their votes in an election
of such importance as this. Sincere opponents of so
called '"imperialism" will vote for McKinley on the
sound and broad ground that it is to the Republican
party only intelligent men can look for a wise solu
tion of any of the problems of the country, or for a
safe administration of its routine governmental work.
Senator Hoar, who stands among the foremost
opponents of any plan for the annexation of the Phil
ippines, has well expressed the sentiments of a vast
majority of such opponents in his recent letter to
Erving Winslow. in the course of which he said:
"If you think you can best help the cause of liberty
and true Republicanism by voting for the men who
are for the free coinage of silver at 16 to 1; by voting
for men who are for refusing 10,000,000 American
citizens suffrage at home, for overthrowing the inds-
IT is reported that Mr. Tarpey, in an interview with
Colonel Bryan, advised him to give up hope of
carrying California. This may be taken as evi
dence of Mr. Tarpey's political foresight, and it may
r.ot. It may be a bit of very astute tactics to disarm
Republican appreher?ion and spread among tho
bosses and political machinists the idea that it is a
yellow dog year.
Already those who .vatch the signs see evidence
tl\at. whatever Mr. Tarpey meant, he is taken as hav
ing .meant that this is a year for a Republican walk
ovw in California, and the parasites and bosses are
gfttinc; ready to do the walkover for their own benefit.
Republicans who are interested not merely in party
success but in party character do not believe in the
walkover idea, and deny that any year is a yellow dog
year, since the party i? not a yellow dog party.
Already this upright class of Republicans have no
ticed the signs of Democratic activity and organiza
tion. If Mr. Tarpey, member of the National Com
mittee, really believed California hopeless for his
party, does any one believe that all this elaborate
and costly party machinery would be provided and set
in motion?
Republicans should be admonished by the well
established reputation of California for erratic politics
i.nd by the non-fcalty shown last year by the Repub
licans of San Francisco. The party must not respond
10 the widespread preparations of the Democracy
•with widespread indifference. Every inch gained
against boss control mu?t be held and added to, and
everything must be done to face a stern independent
\ etc and a wary and alert opposition. Unless this is
<5onc, the wily Mr. Tarpey may be caught laughing in
h«£ sleeve when the vote is counted.
HOW ABOUT CALIFORNIA?
THE WATER FRONT SCANDALS
ONCE more The Call in the course of its service
to the public has exposed a wrong of grave
proportions and prepared the way for apply
ing a remedy and punishing the wrongdoers. The
story published yesterday of the manner in which a
number of workingmen were induced to pay consid
erable sums of money in consideration of getting em
ployment under the Harbor Commission brings to
light a fraud whose scandal comes close to persons in
official position, and is of such magnitude as to ren
der imperative an immediate investigation by the
Grand Jury.
• By the evidence The Call has made public the facts
are established that nine workingmen of the city paid
to E. D. Wilbur $50 in cash each, and another paid
him $40. In addition to the cash payments each of
the ten gave Wilbur two promissory notes for $25
each. The consideration in each and all of the pay
ments was that Wilbur should obtain for the payer a
position and employment under the Harbor Commis
sion. These facts are attested not 'only by the testi
mony of the men who paid the money, but by docu
mentary evidence. Thus, for example, there was pub
lished among the exhibits in The Call of yesterday a
receipt given by Wilbur to Ferren for $40, in which
it is expressly stated: "I, the undersigned, agreed to
get him a position under the Harbor Commission, and
by my failure to do so I will return the said forty dol
lars ($40) to the aforesaid Jno. L. Ferren by August
fifteenth (15), 1899— and it is further agreed that this
is strictly confidential up to the date named." The re
ceipt is signed E. D. Wilbur.
In addition to the evidence of the receipts there is
a complete acknowledgment of the whole case by
Wilbur in an affidavit, which was also published. In
his affidavit Wilbur makes a clear and full statement.
He names the men .from whom he received the
money, specifies the amount paid by each in cash and
the amounts of the promissory notes, and asserts he
collected the money from them "with the understand
ing that each one should receive a position upon the
water front under the Board of State Harbor Com
missioners, or that the money so collected would be
refunded in case said position was not obtained as
promised."
That settles the case so far as Wilbur is concerned,
but he had more to say. His affidavit continues:
"I had spoken to one Ed Conroy in regard to placing
some men on the front, stating that the}' were willing
to put up some money for campaign purposes, and
he readily assented on a limited number of carpenters,
to placing these men, on the putting up of $50 each in
cash and two note? for $25 each, payable one and two
months respectively after their obtaining positions.
I was led to believe at all times that the positions were
secure and that there would be no doubt of the truth
fulness of Conroy's word concerning said positions.
As soon as I had collected from Well and every one
of said persons hereinbefore named, I turned the
money so collected immediately over to Air. Conroy,
who gave no receipt and had instructed me to give
no receipt to the men for said money collected,
though I had given two receipts, one to Mr. Ferren
and one to Mr. Woods. Mr. Conroy had put me off
in various ways from time to time in placing the men.
All sorts of excuses were offered, until I found out he
was acting in bad faith. My object in making this
affidavit is to vindicate myself, because those who ad
vanced the money to me have demanded either the
money or the position as promised, and as I am in
no position to make good either, I desire to have the
burden of this matter rest where it properly belongs."
There is the case and the evidence The Call has
obtained and which it submits to the Grand Jury for
investigation. Wilbur admits taking the money in
payment for water-front positions, and seeks to vin
dicate himself by asserting that the money was paid
to Conroy, and that Conroy agreed to get the men the
positions paid for. It is for the Grand Jury and the
courts to decide whether or no Wilbur's charge be
true.
Demanding payment from workingmen for posi
tions under the Harbor Commission, even when to
the original offense of the sale of such positions there
is added the further wrong of defrauding the pur
chasers, is not so great an evil as the wholesale loot
ing of the estates of the dead such as The Call ex
posed in the Chretien case, but it is fully as mean.
The one is as black .1 scandal upon our political sys
tem as the other upon the practices of our probate
system. It is therefore the duty of the Grand Jury to
enter upon this investigation with a resolution, to
bring the whole fraud into light with all of its roots
and branches, let them reach where they may. It is
hardly likely that the ten men involved in this case
are the only workers who have been compelled to
pay tribute to spoilsmen for the sake of getting jobs.
A comprehensive investigation may bring other
wrongs of the kind to light, and if the Grand Jury
succeed in exposing the whole ring it will render .i
service that will be of immense benefit to the com
munity and long memorable in our annals.
FRIDAY JULY 20, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communieaionsto W. S. LEAKE. Mar.a 2 er.
PCBLICAT1OX OFFICE^. MftrUet and Third. S. F.
T«-I«"plion«- Frmmm -Ml.
EDITORIAL SOOMS 21T to 221 SteTenao. Bt.
Trl*>pli«ne TreM 202.
D*lf ?•**>£ i»T C«rrl«-r«. 15 Out* Per "Weelc
Jlnel"" Coplc*. O Cf«««.
Term, by Mail. Inclndlnar Tostarei
DAILT CALL andudlnc Sunflmy). cne year $«¦»
DAILY CALL <!nelu<Jlnr Sunday). « monthf »w
DAILT CALL <Jnelu«ln«- Cur.dar). * months »•»»
DAILY CALL— By Bln«l» Month «»
rCJCDAY CAU< On« Tear • J'Jj
WEEKLY CALIi Ob* T»ar ••• *•""
All peitmaitcN «r« authorised to recefr«
¦ nb*rr!|ill«ai.
EaaipU ocplea will b» forwarded wben requeued.
Um.11 rjb«cribere in or<Wi=g chans* of «dares« ihould be
¦•rticular to tf^e J«-th NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
t» tnaatra a. prompt and correct compliance with their rwjueat.
OAliXAAD OFFICC 1118 Broadwaj
C GEORGE KRGGNESS.
Mtntger Foreign Advertising. Varquette Bidding. Chicago.
cl>cri Dlrtane* Teler-cae ''Central Mil")
KEW TCKK CORKESFON-DE2CT:
C C. CARLTON Her * Id s «l"» re
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Buiidine
CHICAGO NETVS STANDS:
6benE*n Boute: P. O. News Co.; Great Northers Hotri;
FVeaicEt Uccsc; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK XEW8 STANDS:
Walaorf-Artcria Hotel; A. Brentaco. Si Union Bquar«:
Murray Bffl lioteL
WASHINGTON iO. C.) OFFIC£ Wellington Hot*.
MORTON I. CRANE, Correspondent.
lilt *\rn nFP!ri*<-5:* Jlont«orr.»ry. corner of CTar. or* 71
CRtn *:»• o'clock. 80f Hayes, open until 9:Jt) o'clock. 63'
McAUUter. cren until S:30 o"c!oclc. 615 Larkln, open until
1:30 o'clock. :Hl Mission, cpen until 19 o'clock. K€l Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen untM 9 o'clock. 30S« Valencia, open
tml! S o'clock. :CS Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. N"W cor
aer Twenty-»eerrd ana Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
pendence of the Supreme Court, and for destroying
the safeguards of property and American labor, very
well. Go your way and do your duty as you see it.
I shall do mine as I see it, and I think I can best do
it by speaking as a Republican to Republicans; by
keeping my right to speak as a counselor and asso
ciate of the men who have wrought everything that
hasbeen wrought for liberty in this country since the
treaty of peace in 1783, and not as- the associate or
through the instrumentality of the party or men who
have been ranged for sixty years on the side of
despotism and oppression, of dishonor and of low
.wages."
That is the way the issue will appear to the people
at large. There are row ten tickets in the field, but
only two of them count, and the addition of an
other to the whole number will not alter the -fact tlict
it is through one' of those two the country is to be
governed. He that is not for McKinley is for Bryan.
An anti-imperial ticket is no more needed in this
campaign that a fifth wheel to a wagon.
ThjE PEKING LYNCHINGS.
THERE seems little ground for hoping that the
foreigner* in Peking have escaped massacre.
The details of the slaughter were no doubt ap
palling, and they will lose nothing in the telling to
the outside world. We think, however, that a mis
lake will be made if the nations attempt to treat these
slaughters as the act of the Chinese Government, as
:i national lather than an individual crime. The mur
ders have evidently been in spite of that Government.
Of this the briefest examination will satisfy any can
did mind. Concerned in the government of China
are many astute statesmen. They know international
law as well as any professor in the Occident. They
know the enormity oi the official slaughter of a for
eign Minister. They know that when war occurs
between two nations ench gives the diplomatic repre
sentative of the other a safe conduct across its fron
tier to neutral territory. They know that violence to
the person of a diplomat is" violence to the nation that
accredits him, and if done by authority, as an act of
the Government, is the highest form of offense. '
Now, knowing all these things, it is by no mlans
likely that official China in any way connived at or
was responsible for these deplorable crimes. They
were, in effect, lynchings, on a scale greater than our
lynchings of foreigners and people of other races in
this country.
The Chinese Government is under international
obligations to protect the persons of the foreign Min
isters, and its treaty obligations compel it to protect
foreigners who are upon its soil under treaty grant.
The Boxer uprising was apparently not against for
eigners alone, but against the Chinese Government,
because it sought to observe and keep its international
and treaty obligations. The Government was over
powered, in fact, by a sudden and gigantic rebellion,
which we have no doubt received much of its sti»cngth
from^the ill-advised landing of foreign troops, which
seemed to the people like an invasion with permanent
occupation behind it. As that Government was un
able to discharge its international obligations, it must
make adequate reparation to the nations whose people
have suffered. So far not Germany, nor Russia, nor
any other nation, has cause of war upon China. The
crimes committed are not national crimes. -None of
the Governments has any right to demand territory
as any part of the indemnity which they have the right
to ask. They have the right to demand payment of
money indemnity, and such national humiliation as
they choose in the way of granting garrison privi
leges for defense of the legations in future, but to de
mand territory is quite another thing.
If China refuse any reparation demanded within
proper limits, that refusal will be a brazen admission
of Government responsibility for the crimes, an<i they
then become an act of war, and China must take\vhat
ever consequences follow, even to conquest of terri
tory.
It is necessary to keep these principles in view, be
cause Germany is showing a disposition to treat what
has been done as an act of the Government, and pro
ceed at once with war against China. It is probable
that her view may be supported by Russia. But it is
not probable that both will feel able to disjoint from
the United States and England. On Chinese soil there
arc 80,000,000 men of age and able to bear arms.
The assault upon such a nation is a serious under
taking, and all the Governments concerned, if in
concert, may well pause before sounding the tocsin.
There has been a pitiful self-deception as to China.
The easy victory of Japan is responsible for many
things that are among the causes of the existing situ
ation. The Western nations were greedy to take ad
vantage of the weakness which that war seemed to
demonstrate. So there rapidly accumulated provoca
tions to be added to what has been growing ever
since the Anglo-French looting of Peking forty years
ago.
As a matter of fact the war with Japan was carried
on, inefficiently, by one province only, and there are
hundreds of millions of Chinese who have never heard
of it.
They have all heard, however, of the foreign aggres
sions which followed it, and are simply applying the
lessons which have been taught them by other races.
American mobs, for the time being too strong for
this Government, have slaughtered Chinese, have
burned them to death, under circumstances of terrible
cruelty, and since we, whose lives are lighted by wis
dom from on high, have done these things, we should
counsel patience among the nations whose people
have been made the victims of our example.
Two Insolvents.
Ira H. Treat, farmer, Anderson. Shasta
County, filed a petition In insolvency yes
terday In the United States District Court.
His liabilities are $3374 95 and he has no
assets. McChesney Brothers, dairymen
Oakland, also filed a" petition; liabilities'
$539 16; no assets. *
' Kilpatrick Case.
The Board of Education yesterday filed
Its return to the writ of review granted
to E. C. Kilpatrick. principal of the Busi
ness Evening School. A full transcript
of all the records and proceedings of the
board made in the matter of the investiga
tion of the charges presented against Kil
patrick by R. P. Hall and W. S. Brann
was also filed.
It Was No Trust.
When Melchoir Marti of this city died
he left an estate, and by his will he be
queathed all to his widow. He expressed a
"desire" that upon her death the widow
should bequeath one-half of the estate to
his relatives. In the Probate Court this
clause was regarded as a. trust proposi
tion, but the Supreme Court yesterday de
cided that it was not a trust.
Police Officers Search Heathens,, as
They Pass Into Theater and
¦.-.-. on the Streets.
A meeting of the See Yup society was
held last night for the purpose cf pre
venting the threatened transfer of the
Sacramento hishDirder war to this city
Representatives of the Pine Kbnjr torijj
and the Ong Yleks were present, and after
much parley gave their promise that tho
scat of operation would not be changed
The agreement was effected when the See
Yup president agreed to contribute $400 to
be used In settling the troubie.
In view of tho deMre of the warring fac
tions to bring' the hostilities here, the po
lice are exertinp themselves to prevent
bloodshed. Last night Officers Walsh and
Horton'were stationed at the Chinese The
ater and searched every Chinese as he
passed into the place. Other officers held
up suspicious chr'acters on the rtreets.
The police aro de I rmlned to nip this in
cipient trouble in the bud.
SEE YUPS INTERFERE
IN HIGHBINDER WAR
PROGRAMME OF RACES FOR
COMBINED COUNTY FAIR
Big Purses Are Offered for Trotting,
Pacing and Road Events at\
Tanforan.
The trotting and pacing programme for
the San Francisco and San Mateo Fair,
,which will be held at Tanforan Park be
tween September 24 and October 6, has
been prepared. It will be as follows:
Trotting— Xo. 1, 2:10 class, purse J1000; N*o. 2,
2:13 claps. $1000; No. 3, 2:15 clasp. j>urse $1000;
No. 4, 2:18 class. $1000: No." 5, 2:20 class, purse
$1000; No. 6, 2:24 class, purse $1000; No. 7, 2:30
class, purse $1000; Nw 8. 2:15 class,\three-year
olds, mile heat*, purse- SSOO; No. 9. 2:30 class,
two mile heats, purse $800; No. 10, double team,
free-for-all, mile heats, purse $S00.
Pacing— No. 11, free-for-all, purse $1000; No.
12, 2:10 class, purse $1000; No. 13, 2:13 class,
puree $1000; No. 14, 2:18 class, purse $1000; No.
15, 2:25 class, purse $1000; No. 16, 2:30 class,
purse f 1000.
. Gentlemen's road races— No. 17, road race,
mile heats, purse $3C0, for members of the
Golden Gate Driving Club and for horses regu
larly used for road purposes, owners to drive.
Track horses that have started in races other
than driving club events this year are barred.
The purse will be divided 60, 30, 10 per cent;
entrance, ?20.
No 18 — Road race, mile heats, -purse $300,
frae-for-all; horses owned and used in San Ma
teo County for road : driving; owners to drive
to road wapon. Track h6rses that have started
In races other than club events this year are
barred. Puree divided 60, 30, 10 per cent; en
trance, $20. ¦ . ~::'-t '
NEW YORK, July 19.— J. C. McMillan
and S. D. Rogers of San Francisco are at
the Hoffman.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
THE ENGINE THE PUFFER.
Stubb— What is the advantage of a
cigar-shaped train?
Perm— Lvery car will be a smoking car,
I guess. — Chicago News.
UP IN ARMS.
Stubb— They say Elwood was confined to
his home last month. Gout again?
Penn— No. you see he had to remain
home and mind the baby while his wlfo
attended the Mothers' Congress.— Chicago
Tribune.
WILD AND WOOLLY SOUVENIR.
The train slowed up at the Far West
settlement.
"Here you are, gents," called tho train
boy, as he hurried down the aisle; "five
cents an inch."
"Are you selling confectionery?" in
quired the man in the corner.
"No, sir; I am selling the rope that the
miners ju?t strung up a greaser with.
Five cents an Inch! Get a souvenir,
gents."— Chicago News.
TROUBLE IN THE CARAVAN.
It was a hot day and the elephant was
thirsty.
' "I haven't had anything to drink to
day." he said, turning to the camel. "I
am told you carry a supply for three or
four days. Could you place a few of your
concealed water pouches at my disposal
without too much Inconvenience?"
"I don't have to carry water for the ele
phant." irritably answered the camel,
humping himself along still faster. "I am
a part of the show." — Chicago Tribune.
WHY THEY WERE DEAR TO HIM.
"Yes." said the young man with plaid
trousers and a big watch chain. "I must
confess that I am deficient in musical
taste."
"Perhaps the modern music bores you "
said the pleasant young woman. "It does
many people, you know."
"Yes. I don't care for modern music
There is one thing about the old sonsts
that I like very much." ¦«">:<¦
"What Is that?"
"The fact that nobody sings them."—
Stray Stories. '
HE RESENTED THE SLURS.
The Janitor In an American school gave
up his place the other day. When askel
what was the trouble, he said- "I'm "hon
est, and I won't stand being suspected I*
I find a pencil or handkerchief about" the
school when I m sweeping I hang or Dut
it up. Every little while the teacher or
some one that Is too cowardly to face me
will give me a slur. Why. a llttl«-~ while
ago I seen wrote on the board. 'Find the
least common multiple.' Well I looked
from cellar to garret for that multiple.
and I wouldn't know the thin* if I met
LV st . ni f ht ' «n b*S writing on the
blackboard, it said. 'Find the greatest
common divisor.' 'Well/ says' I to mv
1 i. h of them thln *s are lost now.
and I 11 be accused of stealing: 'em; so I'll
quit .
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
RED CRAPE DRESSING GOWN.
The dressing gown represented is of
cerise silk crape, falling straight both in
front and back, with the waist barely
marked. The sleeves and yoke are of
IVory taffetas, embroidered with cerise
silk, the draped hood is fastened in front
with a bow.
THE CHRETIEN CASE.
STOCKTON' INDEPENDENT.
The service of the San Francisco Call
in probing the conspiracy to loot estates
in probate through attorneys of absent
heirs has earned for it the grratitude of
the public. The Chretien scandal is a
sorry mess to expose to the public gaze,
but such exposures are necessary as long
as the bar is cursed with conscienceless
hyenas hanging around to loot the dead.
OAKLAND ENQUIRER.
The matter of appointing "attorneys for
ahsent heirs" should receive a thorough
ventilation now that it has been suggested
by the Chretien exposure. The subject
will bear investigation, and if some of the
Judges suffer in reputation as a conse
quence they will have only themselves to
blame. In Alameda County as much as
$6000 has been allowed to an attorney for
absent heirs, even when no one could per
ceive that he had rendered service of any
value.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Ex- Judge S. F. Giel of Salinas Is at the
Occidental. .
C. W. Wood, a cattle raiser of Los Ba
nos, is a guest at the Grand.
J. C. Fraser, a well-known merchant of
Fresno, is at the California,
J. F. Condon, a merchant of Verde, N.
Mex., is a guest of the Grand.
B. S. Barney, well-known real estate
man, of Hanford, is at the Lick.
F. W. May, a noted merchant of New
York, is registered at the Palace.
T. TV. Gray, a prominent raisin man of
Fresno, Is registered at the Occidental.
M. Wittenberg, a prominent manufac
turer of Portland, Or., is registered at the
Grand.
James B. Berry, a mining man of
Fresno, and his wife are stopping at the
Grand.
J. B. Miner, proprietor of the Hotel
Pflster, Chicago, 111., Is registered at the
Grand.
L. H. Halsted, prominent In mercantile
lines in New York, is a guest of the
Palace.
C. F. AInsworth of Phoenix, Ariz., ac
companied by his wife, is stopping at the
Palace.
F/ D. Gray, proprietor of the Golden
Eagle Hotel at Sacramento, Is at the Pal
ace, accompanied by his family.
James McCudden, accompanied by his
daughter, is at the Grand. Mr. McCud
den is a naval contractor of Vallejo.
Mrs. H. H. Burton. H. H. Burton Jr.
and Miss Violet Burton are In the city
from San Diego. They are visiting Mrs.
TV. D. Evarts, a sister of Mrs. Burton,
residing at 1223 Golden Gate avenue.
General John B, Frisbie, U. S. A., re
tired, arrived yesterday from Mexico,
where he now makes his home, and is at
the Occidental. Mrs. Frisbie and her
daughter arrived a few days ago. Gen
eral Frisbie was the first commandant of
the Presidio and was a power in his day.
Mrs. Frisbie is a daughter of the late Gen
eral Vallejo.
Sam Parker, the wealthiest native land
owner and cattle king in the Hawaiian
Islands, arrived from the East last night
in company with C. B. WUson and A. N.
Kepolkai, influential citizens of Honolulu.
The three gentlemen attended the Na
tional Republican Convention at Phila
delphia as delegates from the new island
Territory. They are much pleased with
the hearty reception they received and
the cordial manner in which they were
treated. Mr. Parker and his friends are
registered at the Palace.
The first of the Burton Holmes lectures
was given yesterday afternoon at the Co
lumbia Theater, ar.d was much enjoyed
by the appreciative audience. The sub
ject of the afternoon was "Manila," and
the lecture was delivered by Louis Fran
cis Brown, the traveling companion of
Burton Holmes.
In these days, when the magic camera
brings the mountain to Mahomet and the
chronomatograph brings all the -world in
procession before our very armchair,
there Is no need of submitting to the dis
comforts of traveling. From Vancouver
to Japan, from Japan to China, from
Hongkong to Manila, from Manila to
Balinag. San Fernando, and return, the
personally conducted travelers were led
by the Jecturer. all within two hours"
time. At Hongkong Admiral Dewey was
interviewed and a fine snapshot of him
and an excellent moving picture of the
Olvmpiawere shown. Consul GeneralAV ild
man is also well given. The discomforts
of quarantine at Manila were comically
pictured, the inconveniences of its hotel
arrangements amusingly told and Illus
trated, life in the city— its streets, stores,
solitary icecream soda saloon, convey
ance*," carabao carts, theaters, fire de
partment, the iceman, native cock fight—
and other interesting features concisely
and admirably depicted.
There were pictures, too. of our soldiers,
weary convalescents from the hospitals
out for a lonely airing, at a night attck.
in the trenches, in the splendid church
barracks and looking out over the TOW
miles of sea that separates them from
home. The lecturer offered no solution of
the Philippine problem, but his lecture was
a renewed testimonial of the importance
of the question and of the difficulties sur
rounding its solution, and also of th*
bravery and unselfishness of those nov>
bearing the brunt of the burden at the
front. Mr. Brown has a clear delivery
and pleasant voice and his talk is splen
didly illustrated. The lecture will be re
peated Sunday evening.
BY THE CAMERA
ROUTE TO MANILA
and Is another phase of the litigation in
which the estate has been involved for
some time past. The plaintiffs pray that
the court adjudge and determine the
rights and interests of defendants in the
real property described; that a sale be
made of the property, and that the pro
ceeds after payment cf costs and expenses
may be divided between plaintiffs and de
fendants according to their -respective
rights.
THE SMALL BOY (TO THE LADY)— DON'T BE ALARMED; I'LL PROTECT YOU!
—Chicago Record.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 20, 1900.
6
Ori'bMjm— Vaudeville.
Grar.d Of-rs-hcuftf— 'The Great Ruby.*
California— "At Cay Coney Island."
Columbia- "The Liare."
Tivoll-'War.i:."
Alcazar— "lngcmar."
<_ y.-;:;.ia, corner S5a«or. and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
?venlng.
Fischers— "Autumn Leaves" -'
Sutro Bathft— Op*n Nights.
AMUSEMENTS.
Cal. elace fruit 50c per R> at Towsaend's. '
\ Special Information supplied «SaITy t»»
business houses and puMic men by th«
Press Cilppine Bureau (Allen's). BID Mont-
Eomery at. Telephone Main 10O» •EX-POLICEMAN GREEN
CANNOT BE FOUND
Several Other Storekeepers Bunkoed
by Him Report Their Losses to
Police.,
Ex-Policeman Charles Green haa appar
ently left the city. Several policemen and
detectives have been looking for him since
Wednesday, but they have been unable to
find him.
Other storekeepers whom Green has de
frauded were heard from yesterday
Among them were the Hastings Clothing
Company. Montgomery street, $S0: Ra
phael Brothers. $60; Mprrill & Co., bicycle
dealers, $50 bicycle; A. A. Rltter. jeweler
gold watch and chain, and S. & G. Gump'
art dealers, $5L
Divorce Proceedings.
Divorce suits were filed yesterday by
Colin E. Peacock against Emma C. Pea
cock for desertion, and by Elizabeth J.
Boggg against Charles W. Boggs for fail
ure to provide.
Sadie Craig was granted a divorce from
Charles Craig of Sacramento by Jud~e
Bahrs on the ground of extreme cruelty
The couple wore married June 27. l'Sl and
the plaintiff was allowed *K a month ali
mony and the custody of the child, who
Is seven years of age.
Tho divorce suit of Anr.le Meinster
against Israel Mclnster was on trial yes
terday before Judge Bahrs. They -were
married In Detroit June 13. lSt)3. and six
months afterward he deserted her. She
desires to resume her maiden name ot
Annie Ersenberg.
Decisions of the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court handed down the
following decisions yesterday:
Gaetano Beronlo 3d. et al. vs. Ventura Lum
ber Company. judgment reversed; Charles
Carpey vs. James rwwdell et al., order re
versed: J. M. Methvln vs. Fidelity Mutual
Life Association, judgment and order reversed:
D. C. Sample vs. Fresno Flume and Irrigation
Company. Judgment and order affirmed: San
Jose Lund and Water Company and Henry
I)obbs vs. Lyman Allen et al., Judgment al firm
ed: Ilt-r.ry Wlliairs vs. Long and Gaijnere
Mlnins Company, order reversed: Owen T. ¦Wil
liams vs. .T. R. Gross. Judgment and order
affirmed; The Farmers' Kxchan^e Bank vs.
Mary E. Morse et al., judgment affirmed.
coach the average speed of eight or nine
milea per hour in Great Britain was not
an uncommon occurrence. The roads in
this country did not permit such high
rates of speed as in Great Britain, and
this is one reason why the railroad was
introduced in this country so early and
with such rapidity.
The cost of traveling at the time of the
introduction of the railroad was very
much greater than it was after the train
had been substituted for the stagecoach.
The rates per mile by the slow-going
stage were from 5 to 10 cents, and when
It is considered that the time taken to
make the journey was much greater than
that consumed in covering the same dis
tance at the present time, at rates per
mile barely one-third those formerly paid,
one can realize the relative expense of
travel 100 years ago. In view of these
facts it is not surprising that the amount
of travel at that time was small. English
men have always been great travelers,
but as late as 1S34. according to the esti
mate of Mr. Robert P. Porter, not more
than one-eighth of the people took any
Journeys whatever, and the total number
of miles traveled by those persons did not
exceed 350.000.000 miles annually. These
figures, which are more likely to be ex
cessive than too small, represent hardly
one-Hfth of the traveling dona by English
men at the present time.
Freight Movements 10O Years Ago
and at the Present Time.
The restrictions which the primitive i
means of transportation. of 100 years ago
placed upon freight movement were
greater than those Imposed upon passen- I
•per travel. Domestic traffic is so directly
dependent upon facilities for inland water
and land transportation that until the
Considerable Saving Effected Be
tween the Old and New Bids
for Forage.
The Board of Fire Commissioners met
yesterday, when the bids for the contract
of furnishing two hook and ladder trucks,
two lire engines, 150 hydrants and forage
were opened.
In the awarding of contracts for forage
quite a saving was effected by rejecting
the former bids. The lowest of the for
mer bids for hay was »15 59 and the lowest
bid yesterday was $13 OS. a saving of $2 51
f>er ton. D. Keefe was the bidder in both
nstances.
On oats the lowest former bid was $1 54
and the lowest yesterday was $1 49, a sav
ing of 5 cents per 103. D. Keefe was the
lowest bidder in this case also. On straw
the lowest former bid was 73 cents, from
H. P. Smith. Jnd the lowest bid yesterday
was 57 cents, from Peters & Cowle, a sav
ing of 21 cents per bale. On carrots there
¦was an increase of 14 cents per 100 tho
lowest former bid having been 60 cents
and the lowest yesterday 7J cents, D.
Keefc being the lowest in each Instance
II. B. McKlroy was awarded the con
tract for furnishing the two hook and lad
der trucks at J2475 each. Greenberg &
Sons were awarded the contract for hy
drants at $4625, and as, the three bids
for fire engines were all the same the bid
ders will be asked to. appear before the
board Saturday and make their claims for
recognition.
CONTRACTS AWARDED
FOR FIRE SUPPLIES
FAIL TO DELIVER
A CABLE MESSAGE
Man and Wife Sue the Western
Union Telegraph Company for
Damages.
A suit was filed ln the Superior Court
yesterday by Christopher Cregan and Jo
hanna Cregan. his wife, against the West
em I'nfon Telegraph Company for $2300
damages for failure to transmit a cable
message to London. Kngiand. The com
plaint states that on July 22, 1S3S. Cregan
vent a message by cable from London to
his wife, which read: . ."Ccme home at
once. Reply date. Christy." That tho
nonage was duly delivered to Mrs. Cre
gar., together rrith the information. "Re
ply paid for. ten words only": that on tho
same day Mrs. Cregan delivered to tho
telegraph company for transmission to
her husband a message reading. "Go at
once. which the company netrl'srontlv
fatle.l to deliver. Plaintiffs aver that up
to that time they had been greatly at
tttcfced to each ether as husband and wife
but that by rea?n n of the negligence or
defendant m falling to deliver the reoly
menage they suffered great mental and
bodily pain and anguish and became for
a jong time thereafter estranged from
each other and wore thereby deprived of
the comfort of each other as husband and
Turn WJOO Jury and dama &e in tho
Plaintiffs further aver that Johanna
Cregan was the owner of real property
situate in the city of Dublin. Ireland" and
that one of the objects in the transmission
•if tne message was to enable her to se
cure a purchaser for the property; that
by reason of the negligence of the defend
ant in failing: to deliver the message and
the resulting estrangement therefrom sfc»
was deprived of the sale of the property
and lost the sale thereof to the further
Injury and damage of plaintiffs in tho
sum of tUXX
CHRETIEN BOOKED AGAIN
ON THE FORGERY CHARGE
Fritz Assigns Case to Conlan, "WTio
Positively Declares He Will
Not Hear It.
"When the case of Attorney John M.
Chretien, charged with forgery, was called
ln Judge Fritz's court yesterday morning
It was expected that it would go on ac
cording to the stipulation made "Wednes
day, but another postponement was al
lowed.
Attorney Barnes for the defendant said
that in his opinion the case should not be
heard until It was seen what action the
Grand Jury would take. At all events he
would be unable to go on. as he had to
go to Redwood City to attend the Cnlma
murder trial, lie therefore asked for a
continuance, which was agreed to by Dis
trict Attorney Hjiugton.
Judge Fritz continued the case until next
Tuesday and assigned it to Judge Con
lan's court, as Fritz was to leave on his
vacation. Judge Conlan positively refused
to take the case, paying his calendar was
already overcrowded, and there the mat
ter r«>Ets at present.
A new complaint has been drawn up on
the forgery charge and Chretien was re
booked on it at the City Prison yesterday.
The Grand Jury will finish its investiga
tion this afternoon. Dr. Weatherly was
served with a subpoena by Detective T. B.
Gibson yesterday.
ties with the manufacturers of the home
?h« n \v y f r T d J?' lth the tr °Pl<»l Elands of
these States were large traders. The sta
tistical information which we possess of
? h.; r »K Om / n » er , ce ' l3 J meaRcr - but we know
that the total trade of the colonies with
om f««°J v r oountry ln i:Tl > w as about $13.
ono.ow a year, or something over *4 a De-
son. There was a trade of considerable)
with tho Mediterranean countries and Af
rica and after the colonies became
5£&fi V} h l^ e East lndies and the o m t!
' fr"^ bU ,M n a * M Probability the foreign
I trade of the Americans did not reach *l<>
! P-r capita until after 17W. At the present
! time in spite of the very rapid growth of
, population in the I'nited States that ha$
I tu?v ovr fnr°. U!rh ? ut .< th ? nineteenth cen
person tor *'sn trade Is equal to JC5 a
Tn^T™ 3 , rtu<7jr ' b ? Dr - Emory R.
be concluded en Friday next. y * wl '*
taken extensively untir after the war of
1S12. What little we did in America to
improve the natural waterways before
1S23 was done by the several States and
the localities directly interested. The Na
tional Government did not undertake the
work of improving our natural waterways
until the administration of John Quincy
Adams. Consequently the means of travel
and trafric in this country were very crude
and insufficient until after the Introduc
tion of the railway.
Speed and Cost of Travel in 18OO
and 1900.
The limitations which undeveloped
means of transportation placed upon so
ciety may be illustrated by a few refer
ences to the speed and cost of travel by
stage 10) years apo. In England th<» ordi
nary coach made fifty miles a day in
summer and thirty in winter. In France
at the same time thirty or forty miles a
day was considered a fair rate of speed
Travel was usually suspended at nljrhtfall
because of the condition of the roads.
There were a few stage lines running
from London to nearby cities that made
bettor time than this. One schedule, that
of the fast coach from Charingr Cross to
Gosport. eiphty miles in nineteen hours is
recorded. The construction of the Mac
adam and Telford roads in England en
abled the stage to increase its speed very
Kreatly. so that by the time the railroad
began to take the travel away from the
New Truant Officer.
Chief Sullivan has appointed Policeman
John M. Floyd truant officer, to supersede
Policeman Christopher T. Merchant. Floyd
has been eifihto* :i years on the force.
A. Van der Naillen Jr. of 933 Market
street is in receipt ot a letter from A* G.
Wrightson, who was one of the passen
gers for Xome on the steamer Noyo, in
which the writer graphically describes
the cruel torture the unfortunate horses
shipped for the north on the steamer had
to endure owing to inadequate accommo
dation and lack of ordinary care.
The Noyo took north thirty-three head
of flno horses, of which but twenty-two
reached their destination, eleven having
been pitched overboard after they haa
gone through sufferings which Wrightson
aescribes as sickening.
The animals were put in rough wood
stalls and simply tiea by the head, not
the slightest ouort. being made to provide
the customary sling or padding at the
back, front and sides of the stalls. When
the .Noyo, which is a small boat, got out
side where a Heavy sea was running tho
misery of the livestock began. Every roil
or pitch of the ship wouia throw the ter
rified animals violently against one bide
of their stalls and tne reverse motion
pitched them back.
Three days out one mare went mad from
her horrible torture. The flesh on her
chest was ripped completely oft, exposing
her quivering muscles, and she was terri
bly battered and bruised all over. Tne
wretched animal, crazed by her misery,
beat her head from side to side of the stall
until death came and mercifully endea
her suffering.
At this time the horses presented such
a pitiful sight that Van tier Nallien's cor
respondent says it would have been a
merciful thing to have taken a gun and
shot the poor beasts. Another brute that
died after four days of Incessant flinging
about and violent concussion was in an
Indescribably hideous condition. The torn
flesh had e-ancrened. _,'
. The heavy seas- which broke over the
vessel and fell In torrents oh the luckless
brutes, says Mr. "WrJsrhtson, also caused
them great misery. In summing up hi3
account of the horrors of the horse pens
Wrlghtson Rays. "It was a sight wnlch
wouid beggar description."
This state of things was apparently ex
istent on board others of the Nome fleet,
for the letter goes on to say:
"We occasionally passed other floating:
carcasses, which had evidently been cast
overboard from some northbound steamer.
It all seemed to point to the same sad tale
of suffering:."
Mr. Wrightson says that with ordinary
care all this cruelty might have been
averted. Sacks stuffed with straw should
be nailed to the sides, back and front of
each stall to form a soft padding, and, as
is done on army horse transports, each
horse should be steadied by a strap passed
under him.
"These, measures," says Mr. "Wrightson,
"would add to the comfort and health of
the horses and as a consequence to tho
receipts of the owners, while at the same
time such scenes as those which occurred
on the Noyo would be prevented."
Mr. WriKhtson in conclusion" says he de
sires the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals to be informed of the
conditions and also all stockmen who in
tend shipping horses north.
A. G. Wrightson, Formerly of San
Francisco, Describes the Pitiful
Plight of the Stock on
the Noyo.
Numbers Die on the Voyage
From Shocking Injuries
and Terror.
HORSES SHIPPED
TO CAME HOME
BADLY TREATED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
ORYAN, SANTA CRUZ, July 19.— A re
ception was tendered the regiment to
night by the guests of the Hotel del Mar.
Refreshments were served and a pro
gramme was rendered. Company D gave
an exhibition drill and the band furnished
music.
This afternoon the field and staff played
baseball with the line officers, but owing
to the lateness of the hour the contest had
to be postponed until the next encamp
ment. The field and staff made things
miserable for the umpire and the line
officers did likewise. The game was full
of features, chief of which was the sen
sational one-hand catch of a liner by
Major. Duffy, the Beau Brummel of the
regiment. Colonel Power tried to annihil-
I ate thexball throughout the game, but was
i satisfied in striking out and taking hi?
| base on called balls. Dr. Sullivan o£ the
j medical corps was to have umpired, but '
chilled his feet in the surf and had to seek
the warmth of a stove at Del Mar. Major
Morrisey was nearly inveigled into as
suming the. role, but was deterred by his
wife. Father Kennedy was asked to um
pire the game, but refused because his
life was not insured. But for the fact
that a strong guard stood by to pro
tect the man who did officiate the hos
pital tent might have had another victim.
Fathers Peter C. Yorke and Philip
O'Ryan went on a fishing expedition yes
terday, and came back with many tro
phies of their skill with the rod and line.
Their only complaint was that the Italian
ilshermen overcharged them for the deni-
I zens of the deep.
! Sergeant Frank Bray. Sergeant Emmet
Gavin and "High" Private Jack Gainey
are known as "The Moochers," because of
their propensity for securing pie without
paving for it-
There i« a new secret organization in
camp. It was organized yesterday and is
known as "The Wildcats." The principal
object of the society is to hold initiations,
and any cadet who crosses their path Is
made a member whether It pleases him or
not. A cadet or "kitten" is proposed for
membership by one of the officers, and a
wild rush is made to secure his consent.
If he shows any Inclination to resist he is
promptly tied up and the officers and
members, who are armed with paddles, are
entitled to two slaps apiece. J. Glacom
mini is called "Chief Rhino" and J. Buck
ley is his assistant. L. Drossel is "Chief
Sawbones" and J. King his assistant. The
"ropemen" are J. Itoth Beag, J. Powers,
J. Catania nnd A. -Osuna. A. Rossi Is
"chief deacon" and Ignatius Henneberry
is "taUholder." The society now number*
goventy members and is likely to reacn
the century mark before long.
Passed a Gold Brick.
Lieutenant Colonel McGloin has a gold
brick on his hands, nnd any one who
•wishes to buy it can have it by paying him
50 cents the. yum outlayed for express
charges. The colonel is very wroth and
disgusted that he was taken in so easily.
The brick, wrapped in a nice parcel with
four doughnuts, was brought into camp
by special 'delivery, and before the officer
could judpe its contents he had to pay the
charges. He had many visitors to his tent
to-day, all of whom were eager to see the
gilded trophy.
Company A, which is commanded by Dr.
Hopper, the local society favorite, fecH
that it has not lived up to Its record. Only
one of its aggregation has been In tn»«
guardhouse ns yet. but "Fat" Martin
pwears he will initiate a new street
sweeping crowd in the morning. The en
tire company expect? to avoid drill by
taking up quarters in prison.
The. streets were very nicely cleaned
this morning under the direction of Cap
tain Hopper, the officer of the day. That
genial oftlcer had thirty prisoners to do
the. work.
"The Boxers" of Company O held s
ghost dance last night shortly before the
hour when graveyards yawn. Privat*
O'Connor, the leader of the dance, was
captured by the puard and thrown into
the guardhouse. The other members of
the dance— Corporal Rcilly, Sergeant
O'Day and Private Boe— retreated into
Private Glnnan's tent a'nd disturbed his
pleasant dreams of home and mother by ,
stepping on his appetite.
Joe O'Brien, Frank Holland and Shell I
McAuliiTe of Company E are threatened
with dire calamities if they do not make
less noise in the "wee sma' hours." Bill
Ganey complains that they disturb his
rest.
Bouquets for Thompson.
Sergeant "Brick" Thompson believes he
Is the victim of a scurvy trick, and he
blames "Fat'VMartln and Musician Ed
Moore for perpetrating it. Thompson was
awakened from his sleep last night by a
bull pup. a head of cabbage and a bom
bardment of green apples. The pup was
tied to the tent and proceeded to pull the
canvas covering down In its efforts to get
loose. A head of cabbage was thrown on
"Brick." and as he came to his tent flap
to anathematize the disturbers of his slum
bers he was greeted with a shower of fruit
and had to b/>at a hasty retreat. His loud
cries for vengeance were heard by "Fat"
Martin, who was on^uard in the vicinity,
and the latter, who was in on the joke,
called out the guard and threw the inno
cent sergeant into the guardhouse. Brick
swears to get even with his tormentors.
He blames Captain Hopper. Musician
Moor*, Achilla Artigues Connolly. Leavitt
Sergeant Gauran is leader of the "Heln
agapoopler band." The band practiced In
camp to-day and made life miserable for
all those within hearing distance. Gauran
wielded the baton like a professional.
Father Kennedy played the cornet. GJa
comlnl the barytone, Benhardt Vthe slide
trombone. Major Deasy the cymbals. Me-
Intosh the cornet, Douglas the alto, Dros
pell and Buckley snare drums and Major
Duffy the bass drum.
Boys Pass the Days in Merry Pranks
Which Result in Nights in the
Guardhouse for Many of
Them.
RECEPTION TO
LEAGUE CADETS
AT SANTA CRUZ
Ball Game Between Officers
Will Be Concluded Next
Encampment.
EUREKA IN HEAVY WEATHER OET HTJMBOLDT BAR.
The new steamer Eureka had a hard run
of it from Humboldt Bay. A northwester
made things uncomfortable after the bar
was crossed, and then as soon as that was
run out of a southeaster came up. There
were 160 head of cattle in the hold, and
as - everything had to be battened down
these suffered terribly. An attempt was
made to open the ports so as to create a
draft, but the ship was rolling so heavily
that every minute the lower deck was
flooded and the openings had to be closed
again.
Soon Captain Jessen discovered that tho
cattle were suffocating. He made a wind
sail out of the jib and put it down the
forward hatch and everything possible for
the relief of the oxen was done. It was
of little use", however, and nearly 100 head
of the animals died before smooth water
was reached. The whole consignment was
taken to the sugar refinery and landed
there.
The steamers Orizaba and Humboldt
had similar experiences some months ago.
Both of them were caught in heavy
weather after leaving Humboldt Bay, and
in the case of the Orizaba nearly every
animal aboard perished. On the Eureka
such an accident' will not happen again,
as before sho sailed again last night for
Eureka her hold was titted with electric
fans, which will be kept constantly at
work while there are cattle aboard.
Tellus Is Badly Damaged.
Tho collier Tellus, which was in colli
sion with the transport Belgian. King, was
docked at the Dunsmuir xoal bunkers yes
terday and the work of unloading her was
begun at once. Every ounce of coal will
be first taken out of the forward hatch
so as to enable the inspectors to get a
good view of' the hole in her bow. A
rough estimate by an expert places the
damage to the Tellus at $30,000, while $10,
000 will have 1 to be spent on the Belgian.
King in repairs. The latter vessel is still
in the bay with four holes in her bow,
punched there when she crashed into the
Tellus. Neither captain will talk about
the accident, but to-day the captain of the
Belgian King will make a report to the
British Consul, while the captain of the
Tellus will make his to the Norwegian
Consul.
G. B. Hunter and the Wallsend Slipway
Company filed a libel in the United States
District Court yesterday, against the Tel
lus, claiming reasonable salvage. The
complaint states that on July 17 near Point
Reyes the Belgian King and the Tellua
collided, the collision tearing a hole in tho
bow of the Tellus. and that the Belgian
King stood by and towed the Tellus to
port. >
Rio de Janeiro Sails.
The Mall Company's steamer Rio de
Janeiro sailed for the Orient yesterday.
She had a full list in the cabin and many
Chinese in the steerage. Among the latter
was Kim Kuey, the Mongolian maiden
who ligured in the Mayfleld abduction
case. She was deported by order of the
United States courts.
Among those who went away In the
cabin were Martin J. Egan of the Chron
icle and L. Douglas Adam of The Call.
Mr. Kgan is going to China to report the
war news for a syndicate, while Mr.
Adam has given up the newspaper busi
ness and will make his home in Kobe,
Japan, henceforth. Captain Farenholt, U.
S. N.. Is also a passenger, and goes to
Hongkong to rejoin, his command.
Dismasted in a Squall.
The schooner Corinthian was towed into
port yesterday by the steamer Xavarro
and beached on the Mission mudflats. She
was caught in the squall that tore the
masts out of the German bark J. C.
Pfluger.
The Corinthian was bound up the coast
for a load of firewood, and on July 8, at
3 a. m.. was twenty-five miles west of the
Faralloms. A northwest squall struck her
and in a moment the fore and main masts
were over the side. The squall passed as
quickly as it came up and then a jurv rig
was fixed up from the broken spars. " Un
der this the schooner reached Santa Cruz
and from there was towed to San Fran
cisco by the Xavarro.
Water Front Notes.
The scow Edna, that became water
logged and was deserted by her crew on
Wednesday night, drifted out as far as
the heads and then drifted in again. She
was picked up by the launch Crowley and
towed to tho Vallejo-street wharf. She
will be discharged and repaired.
The bark C. D. Bryant arrived in port
yesterday, after a long passage of thirty
eight days from Honolulu. Lisrht winds
and calms delayed the vessel. Besides she
is very foul from not having been dry
docked for a long time, and that helped
to keep her back.
Germany has purchased a lot of coal in
British Columbia and is now seeking for
transports to carry the black diamonds
to Chinn. Uncle Sam has an option on all
the available vessels, however, and ther«
will be some trouble in getting the coal
to the German warships.
Vessel Caught in Heavy Weather
After I/eaving Huxnboldt Bay
and Everything Had to
Be Battened Down.
Nearly a Hundred Head of
Cattle Suffocated on the
Eureka.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
COIVlPflRflTlVE STUDIES OF 1 TWO CENTURIES.
••VI.
Transportation has to do with- travel, \
traffic f.nd communication. The median- !
ism by whioh the trKniportatlon service
Is performed comprises the complex or-
Sanitation rievott-d to the movement? of
persona and Roods and the transmission
of intelligence. There are two sides to !
the study of transportation. On<? is the ,
technical and mechanical phase which is
concerned with the transportation ma
china and the organization required for '¦
the application of the machine. This may ¦
te called the technique of transportation, j
rhe other phase of transportation is that '
:H" the service rendered by the mechanical
igcncies— the nature of the sen-ice and its '
relation to the industrial life and general i
ivell being of society. In comparison with
he technique of transportation, this may :
be called the economics of the subject. In ¦
the contrast which is here drawn between I
railroad came into u?e. ahout seventy
year? ago. only thone countries having nu
merous •r.avitrubio rivers or well developed
canal systems could extend their rca
morce beyond tho cities and districts adja
cent to tide water. In all ares since the
world has been civilized enough t:> ereragf
In commerce .\n overland trafTlc by cara
van and v.'asron has been carried on. but
the amount ot commodities could not bp
large, ami the kinds of goods transported
wore necessarily limited to articles el
high value per ur.it <rf huik or weight.
Such a n?:<'ricteri inland traffic as wita
carried on I 1 *) years ago did not establish
th<» basis for a large r.ivan commerre,
either coa.'twis* or intornational. At th-i
prrsont time hi:!ky commodities prnduceil
lonir distances from the seaports compris->
a large portion of international trafiic and
suppiy the cojs: cities with tho raw ma
terials from which they manufacture thrf
articles they contribute to swell the vol
ume of foreign trade. When the mean*?
were wanting for the Inland transporta
tion Of these hnlkv rnmmodtfip'i onl\» «
| WAGONS OF FIFTY TEARS AGO. " *
transportation in ISO? and in 1900 both
phases of the subject will be considered.
In no other field of activity is the prog
ress of the nineteenth century better typi
fied than in the improvements which have
taken place In the means of transporta
tion. One hundred years ago travel and
traffic were nearly all confined to the road
and the unimproved natural waterway.
Moreover, the highway was still unim
proved. Although the first turnpike com.
Pany in the United States was chartered
in li90, and between 1792 and 1794 construct
ed a turnpike between Philadelphia and
Lancaster, the buildinp of these improved
roads in the United States was hardly be
gun until the nineteenth centurv was
nearly twenty years old. In Grew Britain
the construction of turnpike rcfads was
carried on durintr the last quarter of th>»
eighteenth century, but it was not until
tJWoIhT?" 1 *! 1 , c £ ntur >" < h *t Macadam and
Te ' for< J taught the people of Great Britain
?Pnii,° tner - co .y\tries liow to construct
mniJi« BO ? d # hl B hvr *y*- America the
mo\ement for good roads has made but
slow progress even down to the present
time. In Great Britain the construction
0 i.5 a " sll * o ?' a s carried on extensively from
l'n°f O VL f i bl il. the construction of such
waterways in this country was not under-
few countries, such as Phronicia th*» Ital
ian cities. Portugal, tho Netherlands the
I nited Kingdnm and the British coionira
in America eouM develop an important
maritime commercp. Durins the last fifty
years the improvements in transportation
nave been such aa to enable ali industrial
countries. Inland as well aa maritime to
engage extensively in the world"s trade.
Commerce has berome peneral. anil coun
tries like Switzerland and Saxony readily
market their wai"s the world over.
The volume of .oreisrn trarJe as late as
100 years ago was really small, even in th«
case of the most important commercial
nations. The imports and exports of the
United Kingdom in 1S0O amounted to about
$2GO.CM).0OO. which for a population of ap
proximately 18.0OC.OOO wou»d be about $2)
per capita. At that time the trade cf tli«
Tnlted Kingdom was about one-tenth
what !t now i?. At the present time the
foreign commerce of the I'nited Kingdom
amounts to nearly $100 for each inhabitant
of the country.
The thirteen British colonies in America
and the original commonwealths of tho
Lnited States were all maritimo States
with navigable rivers, and their Indus
tries— lumberinpr. fisheries, production cf
food products end tobacco— called for tha
exchange of large quantities of commodl-
FLATBOAT GOING DOWN* THE MISSISSIPPI.
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
TRANSPORTATION ADVANCE IN 100 YEARS,
SEATTLE, July 19.— Two vessels arrived
in port from Nome to-day— the transport
Athenian and the steamship Sequoia, The
Sequoia arrived early in the morning ana
the Athenian about 11 o'clock.
The Sequoia left Nome late on the night
of the 3d and brings much late news about
the smallpox epidemic which the Garonne
and Ohio, both leaving early on the same
day. overlooked.
The pesthouse at Nome Is full and over
flowing with patients afflicted with small,
pox, and the Government officials are
erecting two other larger structures, one
of which, with adjuncts, will cover an
acre of ground.
The disease has spread rapidly and lots
of case." are quarantined in the tents in
which they were discovered. Every Gov
ernment and city offlotal and doctor In
the camp Is working: night and day with
the disease, but It seems useless to try to
Ftop it.
Dr. J. J. Tyler, from Chlcapo. who went
north on the first boats to follow his pro.
fission in the new camp, returned on the
Sequoia, and fays there are at least 200
cases in the posthou?e nnd around the
camp, at a conservative estimate, and the
people are being taken down at the rate
of seventeen to twenty a day.
Conservative Estimate Places the
Number of Cases at Troo Hun
dred and Many Are Re
ported Daily.
A SCARCITY OF PHYSICIANS
Pesthouse Crowded and a
New One Will Be
Erected.
SMALLPOX
SPREADING AT
CAPE ME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 20, 1900.
Friends of Dumb Brutes.
A meeting of the newly elected board of
trustees of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals was held yesterday.
N. P. Cole was elected president: Colonel
J. P. Jackson, vice president: J. S. Hutch
lnson. treasurer, and C..B. Holbrook. sec
retary. The report of the secretary of
work attended to during last month "was
read and adopted.
7
KARL.Y RAILWAY CAR.
Another New Invoice
...OF.,.
FINE
SUMMER
SHOES!
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER LACE SHOES.
plain toe.«, LXV and plain he«?l« .*.".. oo
LADIES' RLACK KID OXFORDP. LXV and
plain he«ls S1.5O to
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER OXFORDS,
LXV heels *1.O!> 95XN)
LADIES" TAN OXFORDS, full assortment....
91.2." to *3.OO
MEN" 5 TAN and BLACK VICI KID LACK
SHOES $3.3O $.->.0O
MEN'S TAN and PATENT LEATHER OX-
FORDS S4.OO S5.O0
POPULAR PRICES,
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S, F.
PAtNLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES $^
REQUIRED J&kJ
Our i»mr,vab> r ridge work is beautiful and
flurable. Warranted 1» years.
_^S^^^^ Our $500 Plates
/£?£*2*£Su2*^<§I£ Our T> cth od for
&vp-i^fr^r^£gj$gj P alr 3'ess extracting
Li£sd b y no other
%?^|^5L3^*^ Ootlst oo tlje Pa-
I»RICE LIST for SO Days:
I'a'nifss Extraction 2J»c
R«»i,va blfl BridRework S.t.OO
rowns $2.00 to ff.VOO
Pure «!i!d Killings $i.or»
Amalgam nor
Sold end Platina SI.<M>
-ilver Filllnps ROc
Mr?. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to th.'
rhildren'a terth— rainlessljr.
DR. f^. I \A//*L-SH.
ns% GEAHY ST., between Hyde and Larkln.
Ofn<-e Hours— 0 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays,
• to 12. Telephona Polk 11M.
palace and
GRAND H0TEL5.
Travelers from every portion of the
Z!'.b<; show their aopreclatton of th«
oomfotta and luxuries to b<» obtained
In these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting San
h ran< ipco.
<"Vnr!#-cted by a covered passageway
an<! operated uncjfr one tnan&re-
rner.t on the American and European
SUFFERING WOMEN
%1-rftii ¦*, • 1. •A-fter twenty year»' eic-
' EwSSSuP^Sl rrrience in thp 1-arjiiiR
n~~T^°**&Jf I-umpean Hospitals for
• I'TriiZS^Zt*' (!! "' ; ' W! P'rullar In your
'-P-'r-pr-t'j MX, r.ur Sp-ciallM* ofY.T
' > " 11 'hPlr Rerviccp. No
r&JE? agfcrf?t Inal t c r how aegnivotcd
IVpfc »:py ( | I J° ur fonflltion. we have
i 25J^»32J2S I n ?j5?. r ' w ' n 'allures.
feJ^fiWVi "SPr '-AN»,EIt no lontrer a
Cjpj^-r^ 314 -* «1»* only X-Ray exports
.¦w *#miv~>*' fn the coast ami under
,",- ..:" i ,*,«• J a«"t and mo 3 t
. . . . sclentine treatment, we
have cared hundreds of cases.
THE GERMAN PHYSICIANS
Late From Europe.
1019 MARKtT ST. X-Ray Experts.
Professional Advice Frcef
12 I? TT C l-1 17 Q FOn BARBERS. BAK-
ijjLiU&Jtlild*™' b^tblacks. bath-
houBes. billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera'
dyers. fTourmJils. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, »allors, etc.
liUCrlANA* BROS..
Brush Manulasturers. 609 Sacramsats S;
JUST RECEIVED-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
\Y&::cr Moroseo Sv^le Lessee and Manager
MATINKK TO-MORROW.
THIS EVENING AT S SHARP!
THE GREAT RUBY!
fNANIM ri U?L7 PBOJCOTJNCED BY THE
PRESS THE GREATEST PRODUCTIOX
EVES WITNESSED JiKRK.
PRICKS— «Se. 10c. TSr. 13c
SATLRr>AY MATINEE— 50c. r5c. 13c, 10c.
I'rar.ch Ti<"l;et Office, EmporiUTti.
A GLITTERING ATIRAT OF FIRST-CLAPS
TAI.KNT.
MISS LILLIAN BU2KBART io "Cap-
lain Susanne."
WILLIAAISHN AND tTONT; JOHN DON<">-
II fn AND KATTtB NICHOLS: SMITH
AND FILLER; HARP.EHE AND JL'LES:
QUAKER CITY QUARTET: ETET-LA MAY-
HEW: CLATTOX V1I1TE AND MAK1R
FTL'ART. asyJa'pd »>y MIS? EVA P.AN-
riOLPFI; AMERICAN BIOORAPH.
Reserved pr»t!«. 2Se. : balcony. 10c: opera
rv.a!n> and box start. EOc.
Matinees WtflnesflAy. Saturday and Sungay.
I-AST TWO NIGHTS— MATISEE SATURDAT
CIIARI.ES FROIIMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
Ar.d a EPHCIAL COM PA NT
!r. Henry Arthur jTes' Brilliant Comedy.
"THE LIARS."
N>Nt JWnr.lay— FIFTH WEEK
H"Xr.Y MIKLKR SEASON*.
"H!S EXGELLENCYJHE GOVERHQR."
THIF BOTDAT NIGnT. July 22.
BURTON HOLMES LECTURE.
Eubjtct. ' V.r.i:a." BXactUSeently illustrated
ONLY I TIMES
1~f-!RE£E MORE!
TO-XIGHT, TO-MORROW AFTERXOOJi
AXH TO-MORROW MGHT
TIC; POLITE, COMIC PLAT
AT GAY CONEY ISLAND!
Comnen'-injr SUNDAY NIGHT,
MATHEWS & Ht'LGKR.
WITH THF FCXXi STRENGTH OF
I>rNNK & KYLKV S AM. STAR CAST
IN THEIR ORIGINAL SUCCESS,
"RUSH CITY"
By Ou« Hef-ge, Author of "Ole Olson" and
•"Von Yonscn."
Enormous Fucce«s of the Ccm!c Opera.
The Greatest Proaurt^rj Ever Sepn Here.
Eveainps at S. Matinee Saturday at 2.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
MONDAY. JULY 20, QALA OPEXI2CQ OP 1
IBE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
FAI.n OF 1 BEATS OPEXS NEXT MONDAY.
POPULAR PBICE8— 25c an4 EOc.
Tel»t'h r ne— Bush 9.
4TKY H EAT R £r\ \
I-APT THREE NIGHTS.
MATZ2CEE TO-MORBOW.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
SJrrorted ty WHITE WHITTLESEY.
Beautiful Hctnresqnt Production.
Star? Jfow on Fale for Next Week.
FLORENCE ROBEBT&
\ * THE CO UNTRY GIRL"
CHUTES ANL^00. E t^7 E A Sj"
CANNON, THE FAT MAN.
WALL\Ct, THELNTA^ABLE LION.
GREAT V>V!'1*V!U.K PHOW.
TOMORROW NIGHF, CaKlWALK.
!« NKAV COUPLES.
Telephone for Beatt— Park 23.
FISCHER'S co L^*I, l S'- USE -
l.F.NORK. V.HITK K VO. In "AUTUMN
I-F.AYKS- Edward n A-iKm*. Violet John-
ft.. Isatw-Ue I ¦r.fi«T»-'-i.vi a r .<J Nev. Movinir
Picture, by ET)IgON~S PROJnCTOSCOPK
MATINEE SUNDAY. !>s*>rv<vl 8o a t«., 25c!
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN - NIGHTS.
Cr*r. <Ja!!y frrrs T *. tn. ti il p n:
BRthiitc fr.-m 7 a, m. to in r, rv, "
ADMISSION !'•<-. CIIILOKEN 5<-'
Bathir.B. iucludinR admission. 2ic; children. 20c.
DR. WONG WOO, 0^
Ch'-Tivrc Tea and Herb Sanl- If
rsjiuii-.. TCi-TCC Clay st.. Han be J
KraNr!?rr>. Cal. A!! disease* cureii f? , JJ
exclusively by Chinese herb?. Vtr'j.i.'
Acvlre free Holts. 9 to 11 a. «ICT*'V^V
i it ¦ T • . ¦.' ;•. n;. «e-M;5i *•-»-'-'«*»
far. Francisco. January 2. ISM. TW» vfV.'clv
J ha<5 a very reilous attack of •o/w>»J?i»*!»
cer.surrrticn en>1 my feet were so swollen that
it m-a* \vi:h diffieulis' I could walk. The rtoctori
!r. the hcri.lU:!s could not give, me ary relief
for r'ne weck«. I wan persuaded to (jo to th?
«-*!I.):iiown CbbKK Doctor. Wont Woo. ar.d
ir three rocnths I wan compl~!ejy cured and in
perfect health, liavir.e rained Ii pounds In
ing r.;:r. to any fine fv:fTerin< in ar.y way what-
ever. JAKOD RAUCH. 12% Freeloa *t.. city.
\z& FAVORITE
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
is A OREAT RESTORATIVE. 1XVIGOBA-
tor and NwvJne.
Itat rr.on *4 ndtrfui aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for th«? Sexual Organ* fur bath «exe».
The ?Jf xiran n«nie<1y for Dlncaseg ot the Kid-
ney* and Uls.ldpr. Sell* on Its own merits.
NADEB, ALFS &. BRL'N'E, A«ents.
VIZ Market st.. P. F.— (Sor.d for Circular.)
ft r*PATENTS_f j)
MARKET "ST. si" Vaarttf^
IA/. T. HESS.
J^CTABr 1-Z2S.2 &X1 i.TTJJ£K£r-AT-I,iW. j
'<ctj Fiocr. Room 10H, Claus Epreckels lliiig.
Telephone Brown S21.
RecKence. S21 C&llfornU st,. below Powell.
ft" FraacUca. ••- _ •¦
There is no more delightful trip on the
coast than a ride through Marin. Sonoma
and Russian River Valley, and it becomes
a positive pleasure-when It can be taken
1n- comfort. Take excursion to Ukiah
Sunday. July 22. Only $2 for round trip,
and each ticket sold Insures a seat.Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦ Sept. Dec.
Opening « 0*i 6 1H
Closing 6 1 6 1%
PARIS.
"Wheat— July. . Sept.-Dec.
Opening 19 95 20 80
Closing 13 83 20 63
Flour— . i J
OpAiing 25 SO 27 13
Closing 23 60 27 00
CHICAGO, July 19.— CATTLE— Receipts, 700O.
Steers opened steady, closed slow to 10c
lower. Butchers' stock steady: natives, best
on sale to-day four loads at $3 50; good to prime
July. 1S00,
CALL CALENDAR.
NEW YORK. Ju'.y l'J.-The dullness of to
day's Ftock market *ss almost unrelieved by
any feature of intfrept until the last hour.
Wbta a fiharn upward movement developed in
a number of Fpeclaltles. This was sufficient to
Induce a ?!ugci*h general rp<-ov<»ry In the mar
ket. whj*"h had fallen oonsiderably below last
night at *ome point*. Th» closing was there
fore firm but dull, and the net changes were
lnslgT.ifiraist. except in a handful of stocks.
Sucar led the late advance and moved up an
extreme of 2 s * on the expectation of a further
rite In the price of the refined product, which
jU now higher than for several years past.
The maJZla between the price of the raw and
rf-iined sugar is now nfflclent. occordln« to
the niicrtr. to yield a larse profit on refining.
J'aclfic Mall rose fharply over Tuesday's high
level on renewel speculation over th» bebefit!"
to accrue frr.m the transport Of military stores
to China. The steel etocks were generally
etrencer on the encouraging- view of the Iron
Age of th» trate outlook. Otherwise, the
market was barren of interest.
The rrowlng seriousness of the situation In
C!;ina murt be aecrj!>e<i a* th« chief Immedi
ate cause of to-day"8 dullness. The result
jnort to be apprehended from the Chinese war
eeemed tn l>e the effect en the money markets
of the world. To-day's advance from 3 to 4
per cent in th? Bank ct England minimum
rate of discount and the departure of a
eteamer bearing over $2,000,000 In Rold from
New York were the Impressive facts which
called to this feature of the rltuatlon. To-day's
pterllr.tt rate advanced 'i and there is some ex
pectation that sold will be shipped to London
on Saturday"!! eteamer.
The bond market was very dull and irregular.
Total ealcd, par value, I1.C35.O0. " '
V. S. 2s advanced »4, the refunding 2s when
Nczi' York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The astonlshlnpr total of J4S5.C00 has been
realized from Kipling's "Absent-minded
Beggar'-' in various ways, the proceeds go
ing to the families of the men n>htlnjr in
South Africa. This is at the rate of Sin
000 a line, which doubtless breaks the
poetry record.
For preserving timber from decay an
Australian has patented a new treatment
consisting of immersing the timber in a
solution of arsenic acid and an alkali un
til thoroughly impregnated, after which a
coating of sulphate of copper is applied
Icecream freezers of American manu
facture are sold all over the world, -wher
ever Ice, either natural or artificial, is
used. The Icecream eaten In Calcutta or
In Melbourne or in. any other city or
country. European Included, would be
more than likely to have been made In an
American freezer.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight —
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. —
Sterling Cables •• —
New York Exchange, sight.... —
New York Exchange, telegraphic —
Fine Silver, per ounce —
Mexican Dollars, nominal —
$4 85U
4 S8
4 M
12H
15
61V4
48 J4
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The threatening news from China
has thus far had no effect on the European
markets, which are dull and weak. Paris and
Liverpool were both lower again yesterday.
Chicago opened weak on lower cables, but re
covered and closed strong at an advance. There
were more buyers than sellers and the foreign
ers were covering their sh»rts. Northwest
crop reports were worse. The b-jlls talked
higher, but were too timid to back their Judg
ment. Corn wan weak.
Futures Improved in sympathy with Chicago,
but fiiot rrices stood the same.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05; milling. $1 07%
et\ io.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock—December—S4,
000 ctls. $1 12^4: 4000. $1 12%.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 13Vi; COW, $1 13H: 4000, U 1314.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctla,
Jl 13%.
BARLEY — The market is firmer with an up
ward tendency in futures."
Feed, 70c for No. 1 and 65@67Hc for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 75<SS0c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, 74Hc;
2000. 74^0; 4000, ~A\c; 2000, 73c. .
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
75%c; 4000, 75»ic.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The Government Is the best customer
In this market now, as lt is buyinff right along,
and its purchases keep prices firm. It takes
all ofTerir.Es suitable to Its ¦wants.
White. H 15<81 30; Surprise, fl 2"H@1 35; Red,
U 07%fil 20; Gray, ?1 10® 1 17V4; Black, fl 0;@
1 12H per ctl. '
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 lT'/itM 20 per
ctl: Kastern White, 51 17»4@1 20 per ctl; Mixed.
H 15«1 17',*.
RYE-92Hfi95c per ctL
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay are running much heavier,
as will be seen elsewhere, and the feeling la
weak in consequence, though prices stand the
same. There Is nothing 1 new In Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $12 50@13 50 per ton.'-
MIDDLINGS-J17@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, S16 per ton;
-4? ~J[.
CHICAGO. July 19.— Wheat opened weak un
der a combination of lower foreign markets
n"nd the reiteration by the Price Current of Its
optimistic conclusions as to the season's wheat
production. 1'aris and Liverpool were both
weak, while the Price Current averred that the
surplus this year would exceed the exports of
last year. September opened %*gi£c to %(ff*ic
lower at 7">Q"70V4c. Thereafter the market
phowed strength, which gradually increased as
the session progressed. In this the main factor
was to be found in numerous reports denying
recent assertions that the Northwest crop had
been vastly Improved .by rains. These poner
ally put the yield of the Dakotas and Minne
sota at 100,GC<\COO bushels. New York bought;
there was a fair commission house demand and
purchasing by scalpers. Shorts covered when
they saw the way things were going, and as a
result September steadily rose and closed at
the top, %<)lc over yesterday, at Ti%c.
Corn suffered from early depression and
fliKhtlnees. The market opened weak under the
Influence of Liverpool and discouraging cables.
Receipts were small and some. Western Influ
ences sold. Cash people showed confidence In
their position by demanding 41c, or even frac
tionally more, for corn in store, and the busi
ness done amounted to half a million bushels
ca?h. September closed %c over yesterday at
SS^ftSSc. *
The oats market followed corn as usual. The
trading was dull. September closed unchanged
from yesterday at 23Hc.
The trade In provisions was narrow, but the
tone was steady on a fair though scattered de
mand for cash. September pork closed 5c low
er, lard 2%©5c lower and ribs 5c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 74U 75»i 74tf 73%
August 75V4 7«H 74 76'4
September 75V6 77*4 75 7714
Corn No. 2-
July 37?i 3S»; 37% 3$y.
August 37% SS?i 37H 3S?*
September 38 39 37^4 S3
Oats No. 2—
July 23 23 22% 22?4
Aujrust 23 23 22i 23'
September 23*i 23% 23 ZZ*b
Mess Pork, per 100 lbs—
July — — — 11 50
September 11674 11 67^ 1162% 1165
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6 €3 6 65 6 62% 6 62U
September 6 70 6 70 6 65 6 67'4
October 6 72^4 6 72% 6 67>i C 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs- n
July — — — g 70
September 6 75 . 6 75 6 70 6 72%
October 6 70 6 70 6 67H 6 70
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy
No. 3 spring wheat, 70%(fi:73Hc; No. '2 red'
7«ii@77>,4c: No. 2 corn, 3R%C3S7<.c; No. 2 yellow'
3ST»<&29c; No. 2 oats. 23K<it2olic: No. 2 white
2j 1 44'27c; No. 3 white, 24%(g:26 l ,ic ; No. 2 rye,
D4Vi@55c; good feeding barley. 3S@42c; fair to
choice malting, 46@4Sc; No. 1 flax seed, Jl 70;
No. 1 Northwestern. Jl 73; mess pork, per bbl
J10 5D©11 6C: lard, per 10O lbs, $S J0®6 65: short
ribs, sides (loose). JG 6O52G SO; dry said shoulders,
dere, (boxed), $G 75<87; short clear sides (boxed)
$7 25@7 35: whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 23;
clover, contract grade, $S.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 23,000 13.0C0
Wheat, bu 70,000 126,noo
Corn, bu 294,000 394.000
Oats, bu 119.000 26:<.00O
Rye. bu E.000 2.000
Barley, bu 4,000 11,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was flrm: Creamery, 13<919c: dairy. 14®
17c: cheese firm. SliiiflOUc; eges, firm, fresh.
lie.
Chicago Grain Market.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. July 19.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 24 hours from Monterey
and way r">rts.
Stmr State of California, Gage, K^a hours
from Portland, via Astoria 47Vj hours.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. 21 tours from
Crescent City.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. S hours frosi Rules
Lancing.
Slmr Luella, Miller. 40 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Naiarro. Jensen, 44 hours from. P'rt
Los Angeles, via Santa Cruz 9 hours, w;;h
schr Corinthian in tow.
Bark Annie Johr.scn. Stanford. 21 days from
Hilo.
Bark C D Bryant. Colly, 30 days from Hono
lulu.
Bktn J M Griffith. Arey. 8 days from Port
HadlocJc
Schr Corinthian. Korth. 9 hours from, Sarta
Cruz, in tow of stmr Navarro.
CLEARED.
Thursday. July 19.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria and Puget
Sound; G<->odall, Perkins & Co>.
Sfmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro. "Ward. Hong
kong, etc: P M S S Co.
Stmr Willamette, llansen. Seattle; Ooodall.
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. July 13.
Stmr Luella. Miller.
Srmr Til!am.->ok. Hughes. Fort Brags.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro. Ward. Hong*
kon? and Yokohama via Honolulu.
Br shtp Elmhurst. McK?nzie. Queenstown.
Hark Gatherer. Yunggren. Tacoma.
Bktn S G Wlhler. Jackson. Honolulu.
Schr Reliance. Larsen. Iversens Land:*?.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— July 1?. 13 P ra— Weather
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 10 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per bark C D Bryant— Had light Tarfay.e
wind S from NNE the entire passage. July 3.
31.35 N 133.0S W. saw a ship steering NW with
foretODmast carried away.
Per schr Corinthian — On July S. at 3 a m, 23
miles W of Farallones. was struck by a NW
squall, which carried away main and fore
masts; made temporary repairs and arrived at
Santa Cruz July 11 and was towed from there
to San Francisco by stmr Navarro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— Sailed July 17— Schr Sadie, for San
Pedro.
VENTURA — Arrived July 13 — Stmr Grace
Dollar, from Hueneme; stmr Pasadena, fnu
E-reka.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 13— Stmr Arcata.
hence July 13. and sailed July 13 for San Fran
° SEATTLE— Sailed July lS—Stmr HumboMt.
for Sknsuay.
PORT TOWN SEND— Arrived July IS— Strr.r
Sequoia, from ("ape Nome. 1^— Stmr El.hu
Thomson, trom Cape Nome; stmr Athenian, tin
Ca^e Nome. .
Sailed July 13— Stmr Nokomls. for St Michael.
BOWENS LANUIN<;— Arrived July 1>- 5chr
Newark. h?nce July IS.
FORT E1CAGO— Arrived July 10— Stmr Na
tional City, hence July 13.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed July li—Scfcr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
A3TOK1A — Arrived July la — U S stmr Fhlla.
delrhia. from Seattle.
SEATTLE— Sailed July IS— Stmr Humboidt.
for Skafcuay; Jap *tmr Kiojun Maru, for Yoko
hama.
Arrived July 10 — Br stmr Athenian, fm Nome.
COOS RAY— Sailed July VJ— Schr Monterey.
fcr San Francisco..
EUREKA- Arrived July 1»-Stmr North Fork,
hence July 17; schr Estella; stmer Greenwood,
hence July 13. ' _
Sailed July 1? — Stmr Orizaba, for San FVart
clsco; schr Jenr.le Wand, for San Pedro; schr
Fortuna.' for San Francisco.
ASTOUIA-Arrived July 1>-Stmr Columbia.
hence July 17; stmr Signal. frorA Seattle.
PORT llOS AXGELES-SalleU July 1*— Stmr
Whltesboro, for San Francisco; schr Wm Ren
ton 'or Port Townsend.
HARDY CHEEK— Baited July 1^-Stmr Sunol.
°RO?KPORT- Sa.iled July 10— Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived July lS-Salp
John A Briggs. from Port Gamble.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON-Arrlved July 16— Stmr AlMarica. fm
New York.
Sailed July 17— Stmr Alamo, for New York
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 14— Stmr Victo
ria, from Tacoma; Br ship Monraoutkshlre. fnx
Oregon.
Sailed July 17— Pr stmr Glenojrle, for Tacoma
K1NSALE— Passed July IS— l!r ship Merion
eth, hence March 3 for Quenstown.
CARDIFF— .Sailed uJly IS— Br ship Thistle.
for Santa Rosalia,
FALAIOUTH-Sailed July lS-Br ship Celtic
Monarch, for Manchester.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed July 14— Br shiD
Flintshire, for San Francisco -
HONGKONG— Sailed July lS-Br «trar Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver
QL-EKXSTOWN-Arrive.1 July lS-Ger shlo
Chile, from Oregon, and sailed for IS— lir
ship Merioneth, hence March 3 '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YOP.K-Salled July lD-Stmr D™»<.rh
land, for Hamburg: stmr St Paul for ™o h
arnpton ; atmr Cymric, for Liverpool : stm r
Frtesland. for Antwerp; stmr La Bretame for
Havre; strnr Koenigen Lulse. fur Bremen
Arrived July 13-Simr Victoria, from Mar
seillfs: stmr Germanic, from Liverpool
fr^^Y-oik^^ ly ~ St ™
K^Sg^ 1^^^ 9-s.cr
p&l^SrfZg"* July 1% ~ Simr Co^'
Shipping Intelligence.
NEW YORK. July 19.— FLOUR-Receipts. 11,
$01 bbls; exports, 12.74S bbls; sales, 6700 pack
apes. Market was steadier with . wheat, but
still without important buying interests. Jobbers
doing about all of the business.
WHEAT— Receipts, ll.OSl' bushels; exports,
12.74S bushels; sales, 4,170,000 bushels futures,
168,000 bushels spot. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 84c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 8l%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 86 l-16c f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive; No. 1 hard Duluth, SSHc f. o. b. afloat to
arrive. Options opened weak under disappoint
ing cables, after which they recovered on war
talk, a rally in late English markets and a re
sumption of bullish spring wheat advices. An
absence of shcrt selling contributed to the after
noon firmness and the market was Btrong on
active demand from s.hcrts at ?i@lc net ad-
vance. July, Sl*i'3S2c; closed, 82%c; Septem
ber. 79%@81J4c; closed. 61%c; October, SO^^Slc;
closed. Sic; December, lUQS2%c; closed, k2i*c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, strong; No. 7 Invoice,
9 r,-]fic: mild, quiet; Cordova. 9H1?13 l ic. Fu
tures closed in firm tone with prices 5 points
higher to 5 points net lower. Total sales, 71,600
bags, Including: July, $S 20^S 30; August. $8 30
igs 45; September, $S 40'<iS 55; October, $S 55@
8 60; November. $S 65.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining. 4%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test. 4%c; molasses EUgar, 4%c; re
fined, firm.
EGGS— Receipts. 6045 packages. Firm. West
ern at mark, llQ13c for average lots; Western
loss off. 15c.
CUTTER— Receipts, 5956 packages. Firm.
Creamery. 16@19Hc; current packed factory,
14S16c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW TORK, July 19.— The market for evaj»
orated apples ruled rather quiet but about
steady. California dried fruits were Inactive
and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
2',ift5c; prime, 5%<?j5Vsc; choice, 59t(g6Hc; fancy,
7!&7'ic.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3^€7c per
pound, as to size and qualltv.
APRICOTS— Royal. 11614c; Moorpark, 15317c.
PEACHES— Ppeled. l-i^lSc; unpeeled. 6@3c.
TO SAIL
Nnv York Grain and Produce.
Charters.
The Her.ry Wilson loadu lumber at Grays
Harbor for Honolulu; Yoses-.lte. wheat to west
coast. South America, owners' account; Mare
ohal Davoust. wheat to Europe. 37s Cd, re
chartfred.
Treasure Shipment.
The City of Rio de Janeiro took out & treasure
list of $GCS.O54, confining of $616,614 In Mexican
dollars. $2440 In geld coin and £19.000 In silver
bullion.
Fruit and Salmon in London.
TVmdon Grocer*' Gazette, June 30th, says:
Fon:e larjre sales of fruit have been made for
lS'-l delivery, and there ge«ms to be a better
demand for* fruits tat prompt delivery.
The large demand for salmon in the country
etill continues. Much higher prices are being
made for best quality In tall tir.s. There Is a
steady sale for all other Fhar>es.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Fteamer City of Rio de Janeiro sailed
yesterday fcr China and Japan, with a gen
eral cargo valued at $176,713; manifested as
follows: For China, {^0.045: for Japan, $~ZM~:
for Manila. J9445: for .Siam. $T>OC; fcr East
Indie?. $C5.V); for VladivoFtok. 11508.
Among the principal shipments were the fol
lowing:
Kor China— 23 iks? fish bone. 9 cr wagons.
4'>0 cs fruit, 45 cs cheese. 90 cs salt fish, 6H
r.kfis groceries and provisions, 314 pkes dried
ns=h. US sks seaweed. 117 pkgs dried
fruit, 24CS cs canned goods. 69 cs hardware. 23
eks abalones. 2M pkg? pearl barley. B57fl bbls
flour. 123 cs 24 bMf> whisky. 121 sks beans, 19
tks peas. 10 cr bicycles. 4 cr machinery. 550
bal*>s donesticp, 48C0 pals bottled beer. 10 bales
hay. 7 cs shoes. 20 pkgs tea. 7 •'s rubber goo.Js.
131 ce liquors, 42 rkgs mill work. K> cs starch.
F<t Japan— 21 cr machinery. 73 cr bicycles
end sundries. 1341 cs canned goods, 500 bbls
beef. 4* bales hay. 12 cs evaporated applet. C20
pkgs groceries and provisions. 195 cs hardware.
i"7 cr handcars. C26 cs soar, 26 sks dried fish,
27 O6 rubtx-r goods. 46 pkfTs electrical supplies.
C3 cr machinery. 502 bbls wire shirts, 162S gals
alcohol. IS cr stoves. 20 j.kgs dried fruit, 700
cs salmon. 245 rolls leather, 550 cs whisky,
5 os rirugs. r,10 bbls flcur. 7S6 gals wine. 6000
U>s sugar. 1CSS ft timber, 114 cr toy guns, 4 cs
v-atches, 4C«) bbls pulp.
For Manila— S cs paper, 335 cs canned goods,
V> kgs sauer kraut, 7 cs stationery, 1420 lbs
soda. 2C*5 gals wine. 4 cs shoes, 10 cs type
writers, 7 cs hardware, 7 cs leather and
findings.
For Siam— 25 cs cheese. 66 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 15 cs ranned goods.
For East Indies — 146 cs canned goods, 3S
pkjrs groceries and provisions. 1000 bbls flour.
1333 calR wine.
For Vladivostok— 5» cs axes. 15 pkgs agri
cultural implements, 10 cs canned goods.
An Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
Newport, which railed Wednesday for New
York, carried merchandise valued as follows:
For Central America, J20^2; for Mexico, $1S2.
Total v?i!ue. $2234.
For Mexico. 4 bdls cordage. 2 cs ammuni
tion. 4 cs papte, 2 cs canned goods.
For Central America — 12 cs wine. 2 bbls
flour, 10 anchors, 17 chains, 2 buoys, 18 pkgs
mill wcrk. 10 pkgs groceries and provisions,
15 c« hardware, 11 cs canned goods, 540 lbs
liird.
Weather Report.
flTOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 19. 13C0, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka '6 Los Angeles 76
Fresno 106 ?acramento 83
Mount Tamalpais SI Independence 94
Red Bluff 110 Pan Diego 90
Fan Luis ObiFpo 72
Fan Francis=<-o data: Maximum temperature,
CO; minimum, 12; mean, 14.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha« fallen rapidly over Wash
ington and Northern Oregon. An area of low
pressure overlies the \'aliey of the Colorado and
«xt«-nds through New Mexico and Texas. A
Morm of the .Sonora type appears to be devel
oping over Arizona and Northern Mexico. Rain
Is r*-!«orteil from Yuma and Flacstaff and has
jTOb&bly fallen generally throughout Arizona,
where it was badly n*>-<J«1. Conditions are fa
vorable for ¦bowers Friday In Southern Cali
fornia, Arizona j.nd Southern Nevada.
The temperature* continue high in the great
valleys of California. In the northern portion
of the Sacramento Valley the temperatures of
110 d*-£T'-«-s are report«J. San Francisco and
vicinity report the lowed temperatures on the
Pacific Bkpe and j/ossibly in the country. A
maximum wir.d vel<x-ity of 26 miles per hour
from the southeast is reported from El Paso.
Fcrwart ma* at Pan Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnieht July 20. 1J00:
Northern California— cloudy, unsettled weath
er Friday: not so warm in the valleys; fresh
eouthwf-xt wind with to* on the coast.
Pouth*-rn California— Cloudy Friday, probably
light bhom'eit; fresh southwest wind.
Ncvad,a— Cloudy Friday in north portion;
ehowers in southern rortlon.
ftah — Cloudy Friday in northern portion;
showers In fouthprn i-<,rtion.
A rizor.a— Showers Friday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Friday; fresh southwest winds with
log. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
forecast Official.
! Issued and the Es \i and old 4s % in the bid
price.
The gold shipments on the steamer La Bre
tagne, which sailed for Havre to-day, amounted
to t2.23S.S14, all bars.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
POO Atchieon 25%
5.2?6 Atchlson pref 6?H
7.295 Baltimore & Ohio "5H
Ca.iadian Pacific tS\t
250 Canada Southern 4»»4
1,130 Chesapeake & Ohio: 27H
700 Chicago Great Western 10 1 *
3.760 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 125H
100 Chicago. Indianapolis & Louisville. 20
Chicago. Indianapolis & L prefd.. 60
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 93
Chicago & Northwestern 153
1,554 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 106'i
100 C C C & St Louis 58<-»
100 Colorado Southern 6Vi
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41 1 *
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16'i
Delaware & Hudson 11H*
Delaware. Lack & Western 175
110 Denver & Rio Grande 17',
Denvere & Rio Grande prefd 65}i
350 Erie 10'g
Erie 1st prefd Z2\
Great Northern prefd 150
Hocking Coal 134
' Hocking Valley 34
5.7S0 Illinois Central 119%
400 Iowa Central 19
Iowa Central prefd 46'-4
Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 16
Lake Erie & Western 26Vfe
Lake E rie & Wen»m prefd 90
Lake Shore 210
LOTS L<Tuisvil!e & Nashville 73
Manhattan L S9V£
Metropolitan St Ry 150»,
Mexican Central 124
Minneapolis & Pt Louis 54«4
5,175 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 91
4'jO Missouri Pacific 50 U
Mobile & Ohio 37
Missouri. Kansas & Texas 9".
Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 30^
7.650 New Jersey Central IS'j^i
New York Central 129»,
Norfolk <fr Western; 33«- 4
2"0 Norfolk & Western prefd 77 J
10ft Northern Pacific 5ov i
LSSO Northern Pacific prefd 71 I
2.b60 Ontario & Western 20%
Oregon Hallway At Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
1,725 Pennsylvania 128
320 Reading 17
l,*>Jfj Reading 1st prefd S9U.
Reading 2d prefd 2S "
Rio Grande Western 59Vj
Kio Grange Western prefd 90
St Louis & San Francisco 91^
St Louie & Pan Francisco 1st prefd. 6S
l'O St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 33
100 St Louis Southwestern <»ij
f.00 Ft Louis Southwestern prefd 25
C10 St Paul nos4
150 St Paul prefd 'l70»4
Bt Paul & Omaha no
4,195 Southern Pacific 32SJ,
300 Southern Railway n
200 Southern Railway prefd ' Bl«
200 Texas &¦ Pacific " 14a,
29.9'Xi Union Pacific "" f-s*
2.0C5 Union Pacific prefd "" 751!
Wabash 51,
Wabash prefd i<.s»
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie " s<2
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 23
Wisconsin Central uu
Express Companies—
Adams jj-
American ..ill" 113
United States '..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 4C
Welly-Fargo .*1H
Miscellaneous-- ™
American Cotton Oil 3314
American Cotton Oil prefd "" fcSVi
... American Malting "31^
American Malting prefd ,-. is
American Smelting & Refining... 37
American Smelting & Refining prefd SS
American Spirits jii
American Spirits prefd ;.;.. j;
1.S50 American Steel Hoop yyi/.
5<>0 American Steel Hoops prefd 6s
S.675 American Steel & Wire 3314
860 American Steel & Wire prefd 73U
3.Sf<) American Tin Plate 23V|
1.4S1 American Tin Plate prefd !!!! 79U
1.000 American Tobacco 9
American Tobacco prefd 123
150 Anaconda Mining 40V
30,660 Brooklyn Rapid Transit E4U
300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 3314
150 Continental Tobacco 25
Continental Tobacco prefd 7**;
3,€2') Federal Stec! 331,
2.2C0 Federal Steel prefd ; CJVk
450 General Electric 129 j
Glucose Sugar 53
Glucose Sugar prefd P9
International Paper 22'4
200 International Paper prefd 64' t
Laclede Ga3 741*
National Biscuit 29 I
National Biscuit prefd S2V4 I
K"0 National Lead 20'
200 National Lead prefd 9714
National Steel 24&i
1.830 National Steel prefd fc3*; '
200 New York Air Brake 136 j
North American 1514 I
113 Pacific Coast 52 i
100 Pacific Coast 1st prefd S3
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 62»i
3.ir,5 Pacific Mall 351^
2,3">5 People's Gas 9$3f,
KO Pressed Steel Car 42^
S00 Pressed Steel Car prefd 73 "
250 Pullman Palace Car 1S1V4
Standard Rope and Twine s
41,152 Sugar 124%
100 Sugar prefd H6>£
2,410 Tenn Coal & Iron C7<*
United States Leather 8*4
United States leather prefd (T!\i ;
United States Rubber 23%
United States Rubber prefd 924
ICO Western Union. 79
100 Republic Iron & Steel ll»i
1.310 Republic Iron & Steel 53
....... P C C & St Louis 57
22S Third Avrnue 109
123.300 Shares *old.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref. reg M K & Tex 2ds.... 69>4
(when issued) 104 Do 4? 91%
Do coup 104 N Y Cent luts 108
Uo 2s retc 100 N J Cent Gen is 122
Do 3s reg 109'i N Pacific 3s 66^4
Do 3s coup llOVi Do 4s lOtVs
Do new 4s reg. ...133 XTCS St L 4s..lO6U
Do new 4s coup. .131 Nor & W con 4s.,. 9754
l»o old 4a reg 115>i'Or Nav lsts 107
l)o olds 4s coup..ll5Hi Do 4s 102-H
Do r* teg U3V; Or Short Line 6s.. 127W,
Do Ss coup 114'/2 Do con 5s info
D of Col 3.65s 123 Reading Gen 43 RS
Atchlson Gen 4s 101 HR G West lsts 971,
Do adjust 4s S3%IPt L. &- I M con 5s. 110
Can South 2ds 107^ 'St L&SF Gen 6s. 122
Chts & Ohio 4i,4s.. W%j8t Paul cons 16CU
Do 5s 116'^ 6t P C & Pac lsts.117
Chic & N con 7b 141 Do 6s ms;
Do S F Deb Is. ..120 So Pacific 4s 78%
Chic Term 4s 92 So Railway 5s 10S&
Colorado South 4s.. S5H Stand R & T 6s.... 73
Den & R G Ists..ll2 iTex & Pac lsts. ...113
Do <s 97>;| Do zds 55
Tlri* Gen 4s 6s%i,;U Pacific 4s 105?»
Ft W & D C lsts.. 70^!Wabash lsts us'
Gen Eke 5s UTH Do 2ds 103^
Iowa Cent lsts 112)4 (West Shore 4s ]12
K C & P G lEts 7J W|» Cent lsts 88
Louis & N unlf 4».. S3 'Va Centuries DO
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 14 Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 10 Ophlr' 62
Con Cal & Va.... 1 35 Plymouth 10
Deafiwood 40 Quicksilver 1 60
Gould & Curry.... 20 Do prefd 6 50
Hale & Norcross.. 107 Sierra Nevada 23
Homestake 60 00 Standard 4 00
Iron Silver C2 Union Con 15
Mexican 12 Yellow Jacket 1 IS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Honey— • West Electric 46
Call loans 2 #3% Bonds-
Time loans 3V4W4 Atchlson 4s 100'4
Stocks— -.:-- N E Gas & C 5s 64
Atchlson Zh% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 69% Adventure 2
American Sugar.. .124% Allouez Mining Co. 1
Do prefd 116 Amal Copper 85>4
Amer Telephone 144H'Atlantlc 23-
BoEton Elevated... 142 Boston & Mont. ...SOS -
Boston & Maine. ...1S8 Butte & Bo"'on.... 63
C ii & Q 125 Calumet & Hecia..72O i
Steamer Movements
Business in local stocks and bonds was rather
better on the morning session at unchanged
quotations. The oil stocks continued Inactive.
There was nothing new In the afternoon.
The Potosl Mining Co. has levied an assess
ment of 10c
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. July 13—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask.] Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 4 4'4
4s quar eoup..HV-4116 I Mutual El Co. 9'/4 10"-s
4s do rog 115*4116 IO G L & II 4SVa 49
4s do cp new. .134 134H'I > ac Gas Imp.. — 43
33 quar coup..llOVillWi,Pac L Co 43 —
Miscellaneous— !Sae ElG&RCo. 22^i —
Cal-st Cab 5a:.116H — IS F.G & E 43V* 49%
C C Water Es.. 105^107 Kan/Francisco. 4*» «
Ed L & P 63.12SVS — Istkn, G & E Co 10 —
F & Cl Ry 63.. 115 — Insurance— /
Geary-st R 5s. — 93 Firem'n Fund. 223 —
H C & S 5'ia. — — Bank Stocks-
Do 5s 101 103 Anglo-Cal Ltd 63 70
L A Ry 5s 104T» — Hank of Cal.. .408 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — Cal S D & T..104 103
Do gntd 6s.. — — First National — 2aw
L A gntd 5s. ..100 — Lon P & A... .132 —
ii A P R R is. — 101% Merchants" Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s. .125 — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Do 1st M Js.llS 113 Savings Banks—
NCNGKIs.- — Ger S & L 1S30 —
N R of Cal 68.113 — Hum S & L... — —
DoSs 1174— Mut Sav Bk... 45 —
N P C R R 6s. 101 — S F Sav U....505 —
Do 5s 105 — Sav & L So.... 74 7S
N Cal of R «s.Ulii — Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Oak G L&HoslU 112 Union T Co — —
Oak Tran 6s.. 115 115H Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 6s.. — 104 California ....122 —
Oceanic S Co. .105 106 Geary-st 50 —
Om C Ry 6S..12S — I Market-st Ity. 63V4 64
P & Cl Ry ,-es.lOJH — O S L & H — 47^i
P & O R R 6s.ll5 — Presidio — 22Vi
Powell-st R 6S.12O — Powder Stocks-
Sac El&GRSs. 96H10O ' California 155 162H
S F & SJV 5a.ll9H120 Giant Con Co. 85% 87%
B Ry of Cal 6s. Ill — Vigorlt 2\ 3
S P of A 6s...llO%mv;! Sugar Stocks—
S P C 63*1905). 110 llo-*i Hana S P Co. — 9
I>o (19C6) 112 — [Haw C & S Co S7 S3
Do (1912) ll:« 122Ji I Konokaa. S Co 32 32*4
SPRClst gnt5s — — i Hutch S P Co. 24?i 25
B P Br 6s 131 hi — iKllaueaS P Co — 20
S V Water 6s. 115 — j Makaweli S Co46»i 47^4
Do 43 — lM^lOnomea S Co. — 23
Do 3d mtg.-.101»i — Paauhau S Co 31 31^
Stocktn Gas 6s »»?» — Miscellaneous —
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.ll7*illS'4
Contra Costa.. €7% 63^ Cal Fruit Assn 96 99
Marin County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn. 97 luO
Spring Valley. 94«i 95 Oceanic S Co. 92 S3"i
Gas &. Electric— Pac A F A — —
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Cent L & P Co 4^i 5H Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 118 00
75 Equitable Gas 4 O
25 Equitable Gas, b 10 4 00
$10<V) Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 10C 00
20 Makaweli 46 75
$3i«iO Market St Ry con 5 per cent bond3.11S 25
40 Pacific Coast Borax 150 00
5 San Fran Gas & Electric Co. cash.. 49 37'4
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 43 37S
$5000 S F & S J V bonds 119 59
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mortgage). l)J 00
Street—
25 Equitable Gas 4 00
1(0 Hana Plantation Co 8 75
20 Oceanic S S Co 92 50
150 Paauhau S P Co 31 23
$5000 S V 4 p^r cent bonds (3d mortgage). 101 73
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 California Safe Deposit 104 50
3 Fireman's Fund Insurance 225 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 24 87«4
$1"«O Market St R. R. con 5 per ct bonds.llS 25
35 Market Street Railway 63 5')
10 Paauhau S P Co 3125
30 San Francisco Gaa & Electric Co 45 37U
5A San Fran Gas & Electric Co. • 9».. 49 37«£
$;OCK) S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1905). .132 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Board —
100 American Fuel 33
Street—
2500 Independence 12
Afternoon Session.
Beard —
1500 Independence, b 5 13
MINING STOCKS.
Mornln; Session
The following were the sales In th* San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
200 Chollar 17! 2W Sierra Nevada. 2S
li» Crown Point... 13 f 106 Stiver Hill .... 58
3nn Gould & Curry 24: ;00 Sliver Hill 6»
2i» Savage 141 70) Yellow Jacket.. 13
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 073<jOOphIr 67
10<> Alpha 08 j 2»> Potosl 13
300 Alpha 1<> 2Q<) Sierra Nevada. 27
400 Best & Belcher 20: 1» Silver Hill ... 63
10O Chollar 17 j 200 Utah 10
200 Gould & Curry 24 1
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session,
BO Caledonia 9" 1000 Seg Belcher.... 04
20O Gould & Ci«ry 23 200 Sierra Nevada. 26
1000 Justice 10 200 Silver Hill 5!t
200 Mexican 16 200 Sliver Hill 60
200 Savage IS 20O Silver Hill 81
200 Savage U 500 Utah 10
Afternoon Session.
E00 Alpha Con 07 COO Seg B^.cher.... W
600 Con New York 03 300 Sliver Hill 6*.
200 Justice : 10 20» Silver Hill... t.. 62
50 Ophir 67 450 Silver Hill 64
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. July 19—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Alpha («S lOIJustlce 10 11
Atta 07 00'Kentuck — 01
Andes 01 03 Lady Waah — 03
Helcher 15 16 Mexican 18 17
Best & Belcher 20 22 Occidental M try
Bullion .: 03 04OphIr 63 70
Caledonia 90 So Overman 12 13
Chollar 16 17 Potosl 13 14
Challenge Con.. 13 IS Savage 14 13
Confidence — 70 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va.l 43 1 50 S*g Belcher.... C3 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 27
Con New York. 03 - Silver Hill 61 63
Eureka Con — 50 St Louis 1« —
Crown Point... 13 14 Standard 4 1> 4 ".",
Exchequer "1 C2, Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry 2t 23 Union Con 1J 20
Hale & Norcra 23 2* Utah 10 12
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 13 14
Shipment of $668,054 to China.
Silver off a fraction. Exchange undisturbed.
Wheat and Barley futures firmer.
Oats firm under steady Government buying.
Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay weaker under large receipts.
Nothing ncta in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Eggs firm at the advance. Eastern arriving freely.
Eastern Cheese coming in. Butter steady.
Poultry rr moderate supply but dull.
Fruit market rather steadier, with fair supplies.
Pried Fruits unchanged.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Meat market as before quoted.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Dominion CoaJ 3S% (Centennial 16
Federal Steel 33V2!Franklln 13
Do prefd 6514 Osceola 64
General Elec 129% Parrot : 40
J'f x ' c an Cent 12 Quincy 140
Michigan Tele...:.. g7«-i Santa Fe Copper.. 4?i
£, E Gas & Coke.. 15Va Tamarack 191
O M Colony 205 jutah Mining 27%
Old Dominion IS iWinona 2V4
l- nion Pacific 67U Wolverines 3S
West End S3 I
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, July 19.— Close: Money on call.
JH&1V4 per cent; prime mercantile paper. 4>i
per cent; sterling exchange, firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 S7'.i for demand
an .T A * 3% for 6lx 'y days; posted rates. $4 S4>4
pU S5 and $4 S3; commercial bills, $4 S3V44F
4 M^; silver certificates, 61H'!?62Hc; bar silver.
SIHc; Mexican dollars, 4S^c. Government
bonds. Ftrong; State bonds. Inactive; railroad
bonus, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, July 19.— To-day's state
ment of the tresury balances shows: Available
cash balance, $150,663,€G7; gold, $70,6S3,451.
London Market.
NEW YORK, July 19.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was unusual flatness In the markets
here to-day, caused by the advance of the
bank rate to 4 rer cent and the spread of the
Chinese rebellion. There was little actual
business, but pawned stock came out. The war
loan dipped to 2'4 discount and then rallied
to 1% on large purchases by the American
Insurance companies, which failed to secure
allowable allotments In the first Instance.
Russian bonds were down American secur
ities were quiet and feRturelesa.
CLOSING.
LONDON. July 19.— Atchison. 2CU: Canadian
Pacific. 90^; Union Pacific preferred. 77^:
Northern Pacific preferred. 73'i; Grand Trunk.
6',*; Anaconda, 8. Bar silver firm, 27>4d.
Money 2\i per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO. July 19.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Nectarines—sln
0le crates. 45c@$l 10. average Sic Pears—Bart
letts, box. Jl 2>>gi C5. average $141: Bartletts.
half-boxes, 7o'gS0c 1 average 77c. Peaches—
Crawfords, box. 43:370c, average 54c; Foster,
box, average E5c; St. Johns box. 40&4GC, aver-
nee 42c; Imperials, box. 4ojto3c. average 46c.
Plump— Burbanks, single crates, 45c<g$l 15, aver,
age C«c; Kelsey Japans, single crates, 80c<?/$l 60,
average 51 12; Purple Duane single crated. 90:Sj>
»oc. average 31c; Peach, single crates. 60@S0c.
?i V n- aee " lc; Jerfers on. single crates, average
Jl 0o; Ogon, single cratee, 65c@$l 20, average
75c; Washington, single crates, 75c(S$l 10. aver
age 90c; Walling, single crates, average 70c;
\\ ickson. single crates. 70c@$l 70 average $1 42.
Prunes— Tragedy, single, crates, 60c@$l., aver
age 85c. Dry, favorable weather. Twelve cars
sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA. July I9.t-The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices! Prunes —
Tragedy, single crates, 80S"90c, average 85c.
Weather yen' hot. Five cars sold to-day.
BOSTON. July 18.— The Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit at auction to-day nre
as follows: Pears— Bartletts, box. 90c@$l 50.
average $1 14. Plums— Bradshaw, single crates,
average 60c; Columbia, single crates, average
60c; Purple Duane. single crates. 65@65c. aver
age. C7c. Prunes — Germans, single crates. fio@
<9e, average 67c; Simoni, single crates, 50U6'>c,
average 62c ; Tragedy. 60^90c, averuge 73c. Six
cars sold to-day. Weather very hot.
PITTSBURO. June 19.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fnilt to-day, realiz
ing the following prices: Pears — Bartletts. per
box, $1 25@1 70, av $1 34. Peaches— Early Craw
fords, per box. 50@C0e, av 60c; St. Johns, per
box, av £.0c; single crate, 5<V@fiOc. av J5c. Plums
—Burbanks. single crate. 65<g75c, av 76c; Mag
num Bonum, single crate. 73GS0C, av 76c; Sat
suma. single crate, S3c; Wlckson. single crate,
$1(31 75. av $1 19. Prunes— Tragedy, single crate.
60c@$l 05. av 71c. Three cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK. June 13.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Callfor-
-Bartletts,
nla fruit at auction to-day
per box. 70cS$2 35. av $1 07. Peaches— Early
Crawfords, per box, 40i@S3c, av 69e: St. Johns,
S)«3 75c, av 3Sc; Imperials, box, av 25c. Plums—
Burbanks, single crate, l5@70c, av 50c; Kelsey
Japans, single crate, 60<j$l So. av $1 18; Purple
Duane, single crate. S0(f?90c, av S4c: Ogon, single
crate, 20fit^c. av 49c; Washington, single crate.
4i?ftS0c, av 64c; Satsuma, single crate. 30W45c,
av 43c. Prunes — Germans, single crate, 60$63c,
av 62c; Tragedy, single crate, 30(@93c, av 61c.
Twenty-one cars sold to-day. Weather very
hot.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 19.— The London market
for tin declined one pound for spot and 10s for
futures to-day and closed easy In tone. The
local market, however, continued to advance,
despite the bearish reports from abroad. Spot
quotations were on the basis of $34 50(Q'34 87 1 4;
futures weak, first half August selling at $32
and September was offered at $31 50.
Copper was ."s lower in London and dull and
unchanged here at $16 CO.
Lead and spelter ruled dull and featureless
at $3 97H'£M 02 l 4 and *4 17<i«i4 22Vi respectively.
All iron" and steel markets continue weak at
yesterday's decline. The brokers' price for lead
Was $3 95 and for corr*r $16 50.
London Wool Sales.
PORTLAND. July 19.— Clearings, $349,021;
balances, $3J,9SS.
LONDON, July 19.— At the wool auction sales
14. 1C0 hales were offered. Prices were steady
and scoured wools were keenly competed for.
Crofsbreds were In active request by the home
trade.
Portland's Business.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 19.— Farmers are . all so
busy in the fields that very little wheat Is of
fering and that which is offering is held at
prices In excess of the export value. Nominal
quotations are about 56c and 57c for Walla
Walla and Valley, with Blue Stem easy at
59c@COc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 19.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
Blue Stem. 59c; Club, 57c. both for exjort.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. July 19.— The following reports of
the London and Liverpool markets have been
received: Consols. S7%'597 15-16: silver. 2S3-16d;
French rentes. 99f 62!ic<89Hf 77t£c; cargoes on
passage, buyers and sellers apart; English
country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. July 19.— Wheat, dull: No. 1
standard California. 6s 2Hd(g6s 3Hd; wheat In
Paris, weak; flcur In Paris, weak; French coun.
try markets, quiet.
Cotton— Uplands, 5 31-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT- Spot, dull; No. 1 Northern spring,
6s 3d; No. 1 California. 6s 2'4d(36s 3Hd: fu
tures, quiet; July, nominal; September, Cs Id;
December, 6s %d.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
3s lid; American mixed, old. 3s lUfcd; futures,
quiet; September, 3s 10%d; November, 3s HHd.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
steers, steady to slow. $5@5 65; poor to medium,
slow to 5c lower. $4 45<g5; selected feeders, $4®
4 Co; mixed stockers, quiet, $3 2503 90; cows,
$3@4 CO; heifers, $3®5: canners, $2S2 S5: bulls,
steady, $3ffl4 50: calves, steady, $4 3004 65.
HOGS — Receipts to-day 19.000; estimated to
morrow, 17,000; left over, 9C00. Opened strong,
closing easier; top, $5 23; mixed and butchers'.
Joigo 23; good to choice heavy, $5 0a<So 12Vi\
rough heavy, $4 9<fcg-3; light. $5@5 22'.4; bulk of
sales. ST> 12H@5 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 17,000. Best, steady; oth
ers. lO'glSc lower; lambs, 25@40c lower; eocl
to choice wethers. $4@4 43; fair to choice. $3#
4 85; Western sheep and yearlings. $3«4 23;
Texas sheep. $3«?3 90: native lambs, *1@6 25;
Western lambs. $5®5 50.
©¦28; Cocoanut Cake. $:o@21; Corn lleai. |24 50.
Cracked Corn. ?2&; Mixed Feed, $14.
HAY— Volunteer. $4 50(ft6 50; Wheat. llOS'tt 50;
Wheat and Oat. J9 50® 12: Oat. $S i gl0: Clover.
MQ6; Alfalfa. $6@7 50; Barley, J6 50®3 50 per
ton.
STRAW-2304Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The market continues dull and unchanged.
BEANS-Bayos. J2 85#3: Small White. S3 2553
3 40: large White. $2 73<g'2 90; Pink. $2 50-32 90.
Red, $2 50@3; Elackeye, $3 &&S3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. J5 3035 40; Pea, $3 40<33 5Q; Red
Kidneys. |4Q4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. »1 SO@2 20; Canary, 3MrC per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2^@3c; Hemp. 4g4^c; Timo
thy, 4£4^c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2 25©2 50; Green. $2 25
©2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices for almost all descriptions remain the
same. The market Is amply supplied.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 60c; New Early
Rose, 2."i?3.>c: New Burbanks. ?o'^73c per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red. ECSCSc; Yellow, 90c®
$1 10 per. ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. BO(f 73c per sack;
75c@$l per crate for Berkeley and $1@1 50 for
Alameda: Asparajrus. 73c{?$2 p»r box; Green
Peas, 2%ig3c per lt>; String Beans, ltj^c; Llmas,
4c; Cabbage. 40®SOc; Tomatoes. iUvers. 7oc@
$1 25; Bay, ?1 73: Epe Plant, 73c^$l per box;
Green Okra, 8@10c; Green Peppers, 40<g75c per
box for Chill ani 75cCT$l for Bell: Dried Pep
pers, 8<gl0c; Carrots. 23@35c per sack: Summer
Squash, 4C<g65c for Alameda; Cucumbers, 25<f?
40c for Alameda; Pickles. g.ii^tOc; Garlic, 2&3c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12^15 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Doves are arriving in bad condition, and
¦ome of them have to be dumped.
There Is little change in Poultry. A car of
Eastern came In. selling at'lO^llc for Turkeys.
$1 25@1 50 for Geese, S3 50@5 for Ducks and
$6(06 50 for Hens.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@llc for Gobblers
and 10®12Hc for Hens; Gee«e, per pair, $1 25;
Goslings. $125(31 GO: Ducks. S3(f?4 50 for old and
tC WKiS for young: Hens. $4^5 50; Young Roost
ers, $t £0®6; Old Roosters, $3 5O@4; Fryers, $2@4;
Broilers. »3£< 3 50 for .large and $1 50@2 50 tor
small; Pigeons. $1 25(^1 60 per dozen for old and
$1 25(51 ."0 for Squnbs.
GA1IE — Doves, »0c per dozen.
Butier, Cheese and Eggs.
Prices for all descriptions remain about the
rame. Butter Is steady, and fancy creameries
are firm. Several cars of Eastern Cheese;. are
at hand.
Eastern Eggs are also coming In freely,
which tends to check the advance In domestic
descriptions. They have a wide range, ac
cording to quality.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, lSH@19c; sec
onds, 17%(glSc.
Dairy— Fancy. 16%c: good to choice, 15%@16c;
common. ltfilJc.
CHEESE— New. R@9c: Young America. 9^3*
10c; Eastern, 13@16c; Western, ll@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14®16c for store and 17^@
20c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14@17c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The feeling In Peaches continues to
strengthen, and the canners were brisk buy
ers on the wharf yesterday morning'. Apricots
and Pears were abo steady.
Grapes were in better supply and weak. Can
taloupes were also lower. Otherwise there was
little change In the situation.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS— 23<??35c per box and crate; and
$10fi2Q per ton to the canners.
APPLES— 3.ic ; g$l for large boxes; Graven
steins, J1<Q1 25; Crabapples, 25ff£0c per small
box. and 50<g75c per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 25<<j75c In boxes and $1D@
20 per ton In bulk.
PLUMS — 20*S35c per box and crate, and 2C'533c
per basket; in hulk. $10!f?15 per ton: Prunes,
3>f?50c per crate and 2.'<ff40c P p r basket.
STRAWBERRIES—}' f.0®3 50 per chest for
large and $2@3 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per chest.
15LACKJ5ERRIES-$2g4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES per chest,
CURRANTS— $2*53 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6<g7c per lb.
FIGS— Per box. 23@50c for single and 60c®$l
for double layers.
NECTARINES— White. 40<g60c per box; red.
50ig-75c.
' PEACHES— 25®50c per box and 25@35c per
basket; In bulk. $15®20 per ton.
GRAPES— From Arizona. $1 per crate for
¦white and 6*375c for black; Fontalnebleau,
from Vacavllle, 4(Xg60c.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 73cS$l 75 per case and —
per crate; Cantaloupes. S2?j3 per crate; Water
melons, from Fresno. $10*320 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— St. Michaels. %\<Q2; Valen
clas, $1JO5I2 5O; Lemons. $i'uiS0 for common
and J2@3 for good to choice; Mexican Limes.
$34? 5 £0; Bananas. 75c©$2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1 50(g3 CO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prices stand the same,
DRIED FRUITS — Old Crop— Prunes, nom
inal—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples. 5's@Gc;
sun-dried. 3©4c per lb; Black Figs, l*i@2c;
White Figs. 2@3c: Bleached Plums. 7%c; v n _
bleached Plums, 6c for pitted and l>Ac for un
pltted.
NEW CROP — Apricots. 6S7UC per lb
Peaches. C@6c here; Pears, 5@7c; Plums pitted
4%@6c.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb. 10c: choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, Cc. Sultanas
Fancy, per lb. SHc; choice. 7V4c; standard 6V£c
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless*
CO-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, o^ei
3-crown, 6',ic: 4-crown. 7c : London Layers 2
crown. $1 CO per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. 12; Dehesa. $2 DO; Imperial, J3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, Sft9c for Standards and 9®
10c tor poftshells: new Almonds. 10%i§llc for
papershell, SV4@S'ic for soft and for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5 a 4ig6?ie for Eastern and 5c for
Calltornla; Brazil Nuts, 7is@Sc; Filberts l*®
12Hc: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $3 5005
HONEYr-Comb, 12H<&13c for bright and 11®
12c for light amber: water white, IM'Qi^c; light
amber extracted. 6^(370: dark, 6c per lb.
BEESWAX-24S26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lC@10 l 4c per lb for
heavy. 10U«?10»4c for light medium. ll%c for
light. 1214c for extra light and l"4%c for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12(S13c-
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Fam
ily, $14: extra Prime Pork. $15: extra clear, $19-
Mess, $16 SO; Smoked Beef. 12H@13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 8%c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
8»ic; 1Mb tins. SUc; 5-lb tins, 9Hc
COTTOLENE-One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels. 8?4c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8Hc; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy- Salted
Steers. 9%c; medium. S^c; llcht. site: Cow
hides. ?Hc: Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf. 3c;
Dry Hides, sound. 16c: culls and brands, 13c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 13<316c; Sheepskins.
Shearlings, 20®30c each; short Wool, 30@50c
each: medium. 60@S0c; long: Wool, 90c*9$t 10
each: Horse Hides, salt. S2S2 23 for large $1 73
for medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts:
Horse Hides, dry, $1 EO for large, {I 25 for me
dium, ?1 for small and 25«30c for colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 23c: fall or me
dium Fklns. 30c: winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
xklns — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and emooth.
COc: medium, .'•6c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3c: refined. 5Hc; grease. 2fl2Me.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. Hfffloc; Northern defective. 12®
14c; Middle County, free. 14^16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12® We; Southern Mountain. 12
months', ll®12c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 10@12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', 9<*nic: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
ICfflSc; Nevada. ]3!S16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. S@9c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6«M0e per lb; new, l(VS12c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All kinds stand as before quoted. There Is no
scarcity In anything, though supplies of. Veal
continue moderate.
KKEF— :•#£>« c per lb for fair to choice
VEAL-Large. SVi<89c; small. 9U@lO^c per
pound.
MUTTON — Wethers, IH®8c; ewes 7@7Hc per
poui.d.
LAMR-Sprlnc gu^9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hoors, Cc for small. 5*Jff5i4c for
medium and. 5V*<S5%c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. E'ic; dressed Hogs. 8@8Hc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Rags, $j C3; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%c; Wool Bags. !5H@32%c: Fleece
Twine, 7Uc; Fruit Bags, WfiWc for white and
EUf'SSic for hleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld Wei.
Ilngton. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, 56; Coos Bay,
{5 50; Wallsend. J9; Co-operative Wallaend, $3;
Cumberland. $12 In, bulk and SIS 25 In sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite. Egg. $14: Cannel. Ju
per ton: Coke. $16 per ton In bulk and flS In
sacks; Castle Gate and' Rock Springs, |S 43 per
2000 pounds.
SUiiAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per It>. In 100-tt> bags: Cubes,. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.20c; Powdered.
5.80c; Candy Granulated, 5.80c: Dry Granulated,
5.70c; Confectioners' A. 0.70c; Magnolia, A, 5.34c;
Extra C. 5.20c; Golden C. 5.10c: barrels, loc
more; half-barrels, 23c more; boxes, 50c more;
50~Ib bags. 10c more. Xo orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. . Domlnos.
half-barrels, 6.45c; boxes, 6.70c.
Receipts of Produce.
THURSDAY. JULY 13.
Flour, qr sks.... 14.426 Middlings, sks.... l.$V)
Wheat, ctls 2.83»;Hay. tons 1.3-14
Barley, ctls 8.9£5'Straw, tons 15
Oats ctls , 2,510 1 Wool, bales 33
Tallow, ctls .... 64! Pelts, bdls Ml
Cheese, ctls 2;0|Hides, No. 651
Butter, ctla O> Ejrgs. doz Z2.U0
Potatoes, sks 6,3."? Lime, bb!s 1S"J
Onions ska 6S3 Leather, rolls I:**
Bran, ska 813 Wine, gals H.2Z9
OREGON'.
Flour, qr sks .... 7,932 Eran. ska 2.462
Wheat, ctls 1.150
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. „,
NOTE-The high and low «»««•«**!!,**
the rlty front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five mlnuteg later than at Fort Toln..
the height of title Is the same at both place*.
FRIDAY, JULY Z0.
Sun rises 7 :^
Sun sets iw«Vi" i"
Moon rise» O.OO *¦ c-
NOTE— In the a Cove exposition ui mj- , W
ihe early momlnsr tides ore jrlven in the mn
hand column and the successive MM or tno
day In the order of occurrence as to time, i ne
fecrnd time column (rives the second tide ¦ o
the day. the third time column the thirrt tit-o
and th» last or rlsrht hand column Rives tn.»
last tide of the day. except when th»re are But
three tides. a.« nometlmes occur*. The nelgnti
Riven are- In addition tr» th» soundings on W
I'nited States Const Survey charts, except
when a minus slcn f— > precedes th» helant.
and then the number Klven Is subtracted frorn
the depth riven by the rbaita The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low w.nt^.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 20,' 1900.
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
United States Coast and Geodetic 8urvey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Watem at Fort Point, entrance to San
Pears-
8
California Fruit Sales.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 73.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and ¦Washington. $2 75@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 l. r /<;3 50 for baker3"; Eastern, ?4 75©
5 75 Der barrel
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 Der -100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Rye
Meal. 12 SO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra crenm do, ?3 30; Oat Groats. H 50; Hom
iny, $3 50<g3 75; Buckwheat Flour. K$4g< Kj
Cracked Wheat. !3 50: Farina, J4 50; Whole
•Wheat Flour, {3 23; Rolled Oats (barrels), i6ft
1 £5; In sacks, $3 75JJ7: Pearl Barley, |3; Spill
Fcaa, J3; Green Peas, 55 50 per 100 lbs.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrojrraphle Office, USX Her
Ju?y %. isco?*"**' San Franc^ sc °-" Cal -
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
butldlnw was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon or the 120th meridian, or at 8
o clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
T , „ C. Si. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S N in charge
Sun, Moon and Tide.
S. I M. T. I V^ T^ F. S. Moon'» Phases.
1|2 34 5 s 7-m Klrst Quarter.
¦ am r~ — - — - — g July 4.
°
13 16 1? IS
li 14 H /^\»
19 20 21 K^__
• Full Moon.
Jnly 12.
22 n 24 jzl" 2S
20 30 31
©N>w Mnon.
iuly 28.
0 ITIme;
£. H— Ft.
* IL. Wl
Time
II W
»
Time
L.
:rt.
1 f
h w
n
to ... O:li; O.Gi
ti ... 1:1S| 0.0
22 ... MV-O.-I
13 ... »:10; — rt-7*
24 ... 3:3S'— O.S[
» ... 4:4O|— O.Si
M ... 5:»:— 0.6i
i 6:1S
¦ 8:0S
<J:li
10:10!
i ll:SSf
i 12:181
i 3.9:
4.1
! 5.1!
i 11:2;
! *«
I «:*
! 5:05
si
B
«
igj
• 6:031 I
S:57 '
i 7:52 i
I «:4fi I
| »:3J> I
' 10:2«.' '
; 11:12! I
¦
! 1..13|
Steamer.
: From
Pragreso
Coob Bay
Point Arena
Orizaba
Ohio
. Taccma
. Newport
. Point Arena..
.'Tlumholdt
.ISeattle
...jJulj
....'Juh
....[.luls
'.Tu!^
...JJulj
Empire
Washtenaw —
Arcata
Umatllla
Colon
..Coos Cay
.jTaeoma
.froo« Bay
.1 Victoria
.|New York
Wellington
Corona
North Fork
AVarfleld
Tltanla
.iComnx
.'Pan D!egr>
jHumboMt
.(Oyster Harbcj
JXanalmo
r.
....'Julj
...Jjul]
....'Jul\
....!Jui'
....!Jul'
IT,. I,
Eureka
.fHumbol.1t
Victoria
Grace Dollar...
Del Norte
Czarina
.•Oyster Harbcj
,'R^dnndo
.'Portland
.iOrster Harboi
r.
r.
America Mam..
Columbia
Mackinaw -.
Bonlta
Coqullle River..
.IChlna and Jaj
.[Portland
.'Seattle
.'Newport
.(Onja Harbor
.... Juli
.... .Tuli
....fjul:
....!Jal:
....Unl'
ifni,
Matteawan
Santa Rosa
JTai-oma
.'?an Dleso
City of Pu»hla..
.'Victoria
O«9cpnt C'fv...
'Cre'scent Cltr.
Steamer. I Destination. I
it
¦M*
-'.
Walla W..'vVtTia t.I'ilv
Santa "Rosa! San Pieijo IJuly
H arr
11 am
Empire jCoos Bay |July
er
Orizaba ...(Humboldt |July
Coos Bay... '.Newport '.Tuly
y 22,
y 2--'.
2 pre
9 am
t-r
Etate of CaltPortland 'July
Pt. Ar#na.. (Point Ar»ns»..'.»uly
y 22.
O Dollar... IGraya Harbor!JuIy
Ohio ICape Nome...|Julj
Eureka [Humboldt JJulj
Corona iSan IMepo !.lul>
y 23.
f 23,
7 24.
y i».
5 pir
! spa
. 11 anr
bPtl
Arcata iCoos Bay IJulji
, 12 nr
Umatllla ..I Vic & P«rt Sd.Uulj
. 11 anr
Australia '.'.'Honolulu [July
, 2 pit
»r
Czarina .... Seattle !Jul>
North ForkiHumboUit Uul\
, 9 an
r~ .l~ '/T,l«™J.T^non!T,ili
1 rirr
foptlc China&JapaniJul\
Bonlta [Newport !Julj
Del Xort<*.iPortlar.a !July
. 9 an
S. I M. T. I V^ T^ F. S. Moon'» Phases.
1|2 34 5 s 7-m Klrst Quarter.
¦ am r~ — - — - — g July 4.
°
13 16 1? IS
li 14 H /^\»
19 20 21 K^__
• Full Moon.
Jnly 12.
22 n 24 jzl" 2S
20 30 31
©N>w Mnon.
iuly 28.
Steamer. I Destination. I
it
¦M*
-'.
Walla W..'vVtTia t.I'ilv
Santa "Rosa! San Pieijo IJuly
H arr
11 am
Empire jCoos Bay |July
er
Orizaba ...(Humboldt |July
Coos Bay... '.Newport '.Tuly
y 22,
y 2--'.
2 pre
9 am
t-r
Etate of CaltPortland 'July
Pt. Ar#na.. (Point Ar»ns»..'.»uly
y 22.
O Dollar... IGraya Harbor!JuIy
Ohio ICape Nome...|Julj
Eureka [Humboldt JJulj
Corona iSan IMepo !.lul>
y 23.
f 23,
7 24.
y i».
5 pir
! spa
. 11 anr
bPtl
Arcata iCoos Bay IJulji
, 12 nr
Umatllla ..I Vic & P«rt Sd.Uulj
. 11 anr
Australia '.'.'Honolulu [July
, 2 pit
»r
Czarina .... Seattle !Jul>
North ForkiHumboUit Uul\
, 9 an
r~ .l~ '/T,l«™J.T^non!T,ili
1 rirr
foptlc China&JapaniJul\
Bonlta [Newport !Julj
Del Xort<*.iPortlar.a !July
. 9 an
Steamer.
: From
Pragreso
Coob Bay
Point Arena
Orizaba
Ohio
. Taccma
. Newport
. Point Arena..
.'Tlumholdt
.ISeattle
...jJulj
....'Juh
....[.luls
'.Tu!^
...JJulj
Empire
Washtenaw —
Arcata
Umatllla
Colon
..Coos Cay
.jTaeoma
.froo« Bay
.1 Victoria
.|New York
Wellington
Corona
North Fork
AVarfleld
Tltanla
.iComnx
.'Pan D!egr>
jHumboMt
.(Oyster Harbcj
JXanalmo
r.
....'Julj
...Jjul]
....'Jul\
....!Jui'
....!Jul'
IT,. I,
Eureka
.fHumbol.1t
Victoria
Grace Dollar...
Del Norte
Czarina
.•Oyster Harbcj
,'R^dnndo
.'Portland
.iOrster Harboi
r.
r.
America Mam..
Columbia
Mackinaw -.
Bonlta
Coqullle River..
.IChlna and Jaj
.[Portland
.'Seattle
.'Newport
.(Onja Harbor
.... Juli
.... .Tuli
....fjul:
....!Jal:
....Unl'
ifni,
Matteawan
Santa Rosa
JTai-oma
.'?an Dleso
City of Pu»hla..
.'Victoria
O«9cpnt C'fv...
'Cre'scent Cltr.
0 ITIme;
£. H— Ft.
* IL. Wl
Time
II W
»
Time
L.
:rt.
1 f
h w
n
to ... O:li; O.Gi
ti ... 1:1S| 0.0
22 ... MV-O.-I
13 ... »:10; — rt-7*
24 ... 3:3S'— O.S[
» ... 4:4O|— O.Si
M ... 5:»:— 0.6i
i 6:1S
¦ 8:0S
<J:li
10:10!
i ll:SSf
i 12:181
i 3.9:
4.1
! 5.1!
i 11:2;
! *«
I «:*
! 5:05
si
B
«
igj
• 6:031 I
S:57 '
i 7:52 i
I «:4fi I
| »:3J> I
' 10:2«.' '
; 11:12! I
¦
! 1..13|INDEPENDENTS SELECT
COMMITTEE ON PLAN
NEW YORK, July 19.— Thomas M. Os
borne, chosen chairman by the Inde
pendents at the meeting at the Plaza
Hotel last night and empowered to choose
a committee to go to Indianapolis July
25, named a committee on plans and
scope to-day.; Among the members are:
Dr. William Everett, Qulncy, Mass.;
Albert Warren ' Kelsey, Philadelphia;
George C. Cripley, Minneapolis; William
J. Palmer, Colorado Springs, Colorado;
Thomas M. Rogers, St. Louis.
Mr. Osborne expects to have a repre
sentative from every State and M possible
from as many Congressional districts as
possible.
The Gold Democrats will meet In Indian
apolis July 25, and the plan will be to
have the committee call a convention %t
which all parties now opposing the candi
dates of the two old parties can meet and
unite on a third ticket and adopt a plat
form approved of by both Gold Democrats
and anti-Imperialists and also by Repub
licans dissatisfied with McKinley and
Democrats dissatisfied with Bryan, for
any reason whatever.
Mr. Klein said that the committee would
prepare a plan for a third ticket Irrespec
tive of what the Gold Democrats did
CANDIDATES DOMINATED BY
NORTH DAKOTA DEMOCRATS
GRAND FORKS, X. D., July 19.— The
North Dakota State Democratic party and
the Independent Democratic party In joint
convention to-day nominated the follow
ing ticket:
Presidential electors — M. F. Williams, Charles
Applequlst and W. L. Haunt.
Member of Congress— M. . A. Hlldreth.
Governor— M. A. Wlpperman.
Lieutenant Governor — W. F\ Merman
Secretary of State— J. F. Williams.
Auditor— S. K. McGlnnis. • *,
Treasurer— J. P. Birder.
Commissioner of Insurance — W. M. Campbell
names.
Attorney General — John Carmody, Train.
Commissioner of Agriculture and Labor— S.
Tor^erson.
Ilailroad Commissioners— L. Stavenherm L
L. Lewis and Joseph Morrison.
VALUABLE PAINTINGS
DESTROYED BY FIRE
ONTARIO, July 19.-Flole Villa, the
country home of Arthur Bulla, ' was
burned to the ground this afternoon.
Nothing was saved.
Mrs. Bulla was known to the art world
as Floie. She lost $35,000' worth of palnt
lnes. The house Cist $15,000. -It was out
side the fire limits and there was small
insurance. Theorigln of the fire was tho
explosion of a gasoline stove.
Mast Hcusa Burned.
BOSTON". July 10.— The long wooden
building Known as the -"Mast House" in
the Charlestown navy yard was completely
burned about .midnight. Together with its
contents, which comprised more than lno
cutters, barges and launches, many masts
in 'various stages of completion, a quan
tity of hard pine lumber and patterns,
entailing a loss of Cully Srw.OiiO.
Jennie "iTeamens HI.
NEW YORK. July 19.-Mi««3 Jennie Tea.
mens. the actress, is reported dangeroua*?
ill at her home in. this city.
ELABORATE PLANS FOR
A FAIR AT SAN JOSE
"Will Be Run on the Lines of the Re
cent Exhibitions at Stockton
and Sacramento.
f-j>«c!al Pli=patch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, July 19.— A county fair on
the plans of the recent street fairs In
Stockton and Sacramento will be held in
this city from October S to 13, under the
auspices of the Santa Clara County Agri
cultural Association. This was decided
upon to-day and preliminary steps taken
for Its successful accomplishment. The
big pavilion on the grounds Is not consid
ered largo enough, and a "Circle City"
will be laid out under the large shade
trees In the park. In the center of it will
be the throne of the goddess Ceres, who
is to be selected by the people to preside
over the fair. Her home will be one of
splendor. Around this will be seven cir
cles with twelve-foot streets between. On
both sides will be booths for merchants to
make tempting difplays of their wares.
A fine gateway will be erected, extend
ing into the center for 2<X) feet. This will
be a midway, and on both sides will be
booths containing all forms of amuse
ments. There will be a California day
during the week. A mining camp, Span
ish races and sports and bull flphts with
out the usual gore will be among the at
tractions. This latter event will be car
ried out in this form: A purse containing
a sum of money *'iU be attached to the
horns of the bull, the points of which
have been cut, and the "toreador" who
secures the purse will be the winner.
During the week there will also be rac
ing at the track and a good display of re
sources of Santa Clara County. C. B. Tld
ball, who managed the Sacramento street
fair, has been appointed assistant mana
ger of the fair.
MURDERS CHARGED TO
THE CHOCAN GANG
Coroner's Jury Holds an Inquest
Over the Bodies of Howe and
Wheeler.
Special Pispatrh to The Call.
CLIFTON. Ariz., July 19.— The Coroner's
Jury, which returned to-day from Eagle
Creek, where an Inquest was held over
the remains of "W. F. Howe and Joe
Wheeler, is convinced that the murder in
the small canyon was committed by Cho
can and his notorious following of Mex
ican bandits, which has Infested the Bo
nita Mountains for years. The murder of
three Chinamen in Chase Creek two
months apo Is traced to the same gang,
two members of which have Just been
captured and are In Jail to answer for
the crime. Word was received from Met
calf this morning of the murder of an
other Chinaman near that place.
Howe and Wheeler came to Morencl re
cently and were employes of the Detroit
copper plant. Howe came from Okla
homa and Wheeler from Oregon, accom
panied by his family. Chocan was seen
In Guthrle the other day and came toward
his stamping grounds In the Bonita Moun
tains, where Howe and Wheeler were am
bushed and slain a day or two later.
The Mexican element In Clifton and Mo
rencl Is aiding the movements of the out
laws and is said to be financially Inter
ested in their depredations. Although
killings have occurred in this vicinity
wth such startling- frequency as to arouse
officers and citizens there Is little assur
ance of the early capture of the Mexican
outlaws. ___£:'
DIED OF STARVATION.
Los Angeles Prospector Passes Away
at Francis Lake.
VICTORIA. B. C. July 19.— A letter re
ceived from Cassiar tells of the death
from starvation at Francis I^ake of a
prospector named AVyuck of Los Angelea,
Cal. His partner, A. Ij. Uominlck. lived
on the flesh of martens until he reached
Fort Francis.
A. Er.gel. a storekeeper at Fort Fran
cis, was accidentally shot by his fourteen
year-old son. Engel Is the man who
saved the lives of so many men who were
stranded on the Edmonton trail during
the Klondike rush.
News is also received that Indians are
still pursuing the McTavish family, a
number of whom were killed last winter
for alleged witchcraft.
SERVED IN . SAN QUENTIN.
Train Bobber Barnes Known to San
Francisco Police.
ST. I>OUIS. July 19.— Chief of Detectives
Desmond to-day received a letter from
the Chief of Police of San Francisco stat
ing that John Nelson, who Is wanted in
connection with the WIckliffe (Ky.) train
robbery. Is quite well known out there
having served a term in San. Quentln
Penitentiary. On April 4. 1S95. he was sen
tenced to the penitentiary in San Fran
cisco for six years under the name of H
B. Barnes for robbery. He was released
at San Quentin on June 6, 1K99.
Tho police here have no Idea where he
Is. The detectives who were In pursuit
of him have abandoned the chase and the
police are at sea concerning his where
abouts.
PERCY J. YOUNG IS
ARRESTED IN ST. LOUIS
Now En Route to California, but So
111 That He May Die on the
Train.
Sr" 4f "lal T'isj'atrh U> The Call.
ST. TXjI'IS, July 19.— Percy J. Young
was t.-ik^n to San Francisco to-night iu
a parlor car by detectives to answer lu
the charge of defrauding several person*.
No handcuffs confined his wrists, there
were no shackles nn hi? feet. The pris
< ner went in a specially hired parlor-car,
accompanied by his wife, a detective be
i::e the third party.
The prisoner is ill and was piven theso
special i>rivi!i-p«s to pave his life. Shortly
before he left physicians had declared his
case practically hopeless. It was thougnt
the l«njEr journey to the coast would prove
fatal in him in his feeble condition. The
car was provided by his wife, who paid
V 1 • i li. . ....... : . •
Percy J. Toung le the partner of J. W.
Hayo*. now confined in the City Prison
fcr obtaining money under false pretenses.
Your.g and Hayes engineered an adver
tising swindle here, securing large sums
from different firms, particularly tha
L'unsmufr coal firm.
«
LOU BET REVIEWS
FRENCH WARSHIPS
Mediterranean and Channel Squad
rons "Which Have Just Com
pleted Maneuvers, in Line.
CHERBOURG] July 19.— President L/ju
bet wont a hoard th« dispatch boat Klar»
to-day and reviewed in the harbor the
romhined Mediterranean and channel
h'luadror.?.. which have just completed
their annual maneuvers. There were
forty-two war vepfel«= lined up. compris
:::sr seventeen battleships, five armored
cruisers, eight cruisers-, fix torpedo-boat
<1<-ptroyt-r«. six torpedo boats and a fioat
:rc battery.
There was mapniflcent weather and the
spectacle was a splendid one. M. Fal
lieres. President of the Senate; M. Dce
chaneli Proldent of the Chamber of Dep
:.'i<-^: 11. WaMeck-Rousseaii. the Prime
Miniff-r. and M. de Lannesan, Minister
of Marine, accompanied President Lou
>.ft. The review was witnessed by enor
mous crowd* from a swarm of excursion
SAN JOSE GIRL WEDS
ELDERLY RAILROAD MAN
Marriage of William Beadle and Miss
May Hog^rs in New York
Ann on need.
FpecJal DUpateh to The Call.
GREENWICH. Conn.. July 19.— William
Readle. for y#-ars connected with the Con
solidated Railroad in an official capacity,
took unto himself a wife in New York
City yesterday, much to the surprise of
his family in Port Ch«-«ter and his friends
hereabouts.
The bride is Mi?? May Ropers, a daugh
ter of Major James 1). Rogers, U. S. A.,
of San Jose. Cal., who di<«d in Manila Jr.
May. The proem is d years of age. The
marriage was unknown to his. daughters
this afternoon, but thi.« evening he went
to Port Chester to apprise them of the
lact. They say their father was very
foolish.
The bride !p 29 years old. of sliKht fig
ure, fair and hris auburn hair. Bhe lately
received IT/wO from the estate of her unclv,
who died in San Jose.
With the Harness Brigade
DAVENPORT. la., July 19.-Several
thousand people saw fas»t racing here at
to-day's prand circuit meeting:. The fea
ture of the day was a 2:20 trot. In which
four heats wont to four different horses.
May Alcott won the race. Track fast:
weather j>erfect. Ret-ults:
2:12 J)»ce, purse fr«>— Mark Derby won third,
fourth and fifth heat?. Time, 2:10\, 2:13.
2:14^j. l'ersonotte w.»n first and second heats
and wos «econd. Plnta third. Flossie Uelaney,
>Il>ha W" and Elrod aluo started.
1:20 claju", trottlr.p, j>urpe JXOO— May Alcott
won fourth, fifth and sixth heats. Time,
2:HU. 2:H-V4. 2:21Vi- Red Kail won third heat in
2:JU« and wac second. Kockley Hoy won first
h*-at In ;::."."•¦» and w«s third. Impression, dis
tanced In the fourth heat, won the second heat
in 2:1<4. Mifs Lycurpus, Prldewood, Mexican
Hoy. liarkman Hoy, Irma. Electrlte, Waubck
: ¦ t-. dementis and Scraps also started.
2:25 cIhf*. pacing:, r>urt<e tlfJ — F"red the Kid
mam In straight heats. Time. 2:14'i. 2:15, 2:lb\.
Jeck L. B^ccnd, Lawrence C third. Emeria
Kiectrite, GeorCe Young, Bob Nlbbs, Duster
and i ¦¦ :, G also start>-d.
William Wiegtind and a Famous
ALPINE CLIMBERS KILLED.
Guide Dashed to Death.
BERLIN, July 13.— The annual chapter
of alpine accidents has begun unusually
early thi«= year. Within a week *even citi
zens of Berlin, includinn two ladles, have
met their death in the Alps. The latest
ca*o w;is reported to-day.
William Wiegand. the well-known al
rlni.'t and a teacher of jrymnastics in a
r.umber of Ji^rlJn Institutions, fell with
Mofor. the most famous fruide in the
Tyrol, while climbing KoerJss Peak.
licth were killed,
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
TACOMA. July 13.— The army worm Is dotnj?
great darnasre in the vicinity of Sumner an'l
<ioverner Holers has ordered an entnmolotrlrt
from Pullman to make an investication and,
PUSgest a rem»dy.
WASHINGTON. July 19.— Fourth Assistant
Postmaster G«Tt°ra! Bristow has estaollshed
a postofflce at tne United States naval atat!> n.
I'ago-Pago, J-'nm^a. Mr*. M. H. Hudson. wlr>
of Chief Etoat.-nvain Hudson, L\ S. N.. has been
appointed postmistress at Fajfo-Pa^o.
ANOKA (Minn.), July 1». — At the conclusion
of the preliminary examination into the shoot
ing of the Wise family ti-<lay the court (!•»
r!<ied to release James Hardy and Elmer Mil
ler, accused of the Wlw> munlers. hol<!lntc that
their alibis were conclusive. Yoursjc Mattisorj.
wboM confession flrst directed suspicion tJ
Haniy and Miller, was heM fcr trial.
VOSta BEAfll. July 11— "Temperance" haa
been the watchword of tn-'5.iy'» session of th«
th» local Women'* Christian Tempernnce Union
the tab«rna«lo has been transformed into a
mass of fluttering whito banners, the Insignia
• if the Women's ChrlsWan TVmiwrance Union.
to temperance. The Hev. K. & Cha;man. the
enthusiastic leader of the State antl-.nalnnn
hosts, was the star feature of the programme.
I>r. Chapman told of. the crent go.xi that thu
leaRue has already done, of the present work
an'! of the i>!?ir.9 for the future.
SAX RAFAEL. July 13.-S.vMa Mo*estoch;.
»hi> was wanted here for mayhun allPsM to
have b<?»n committed rn his partner. K.la O*-n
azzl. who Is ir.lriua a lip and his n.>s>». was ar
rested by Constables T. J. Treannr ami W. p.
Treanrr after a long chase to-<1ay. The arrest
was maiJe between Petaluma and CThileno Val
ley, lie made no trouble, aa his friends ad
vised him tr» grtve up. When arrested h« had In
his possession a pistol and knife. H» was
brought here and. taken before Jmijte KodJen,
where he put up |1'»» cash ball and was re
leased. His hearing will take place some Unit
nMl W " k
FURTHER HONORS FOR
MONSIGNOR SATOLLI
Appointed as Prefect of the Propa
ganda by Pope Leo Officially
Announced.
WASHINGTON. July 19.— It Is learned
from an official source that Cardinal
Francis SatolM. first papal delegate to
this country, 1S93-07. has been appointed
prefect of the propaganda by Pope Leo
This news reached here to-day direct
from Rome, whore Monsignor SatoUi has
resided since leaving Washington three
years ago. It has been tacitly understood
among his acquaintances for some time
that he would reach the highest station
by reason of his marked executive ability.
The congregation of the propaganda has
the general control of the Catholic faith
missionaries like the United States, whore
no state religion exists by law. Questions
of ecclesiastical discipline and episcopal
appointments come under its jurisdiction,
tion.
Organization to Aid the Needy
WOMEN'S EXCHANGE.
Formed in San Jose,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 19.— A Woman's Ex
change, for the purpose of aiding needy
women in disposing of articles made, has
been organized in this city. Headquar
ters will be opened at 31 South Second
street. The front of the place will be
used as a salesroom and in the rear will
be a lunch parlor. One hundred of the
most prominent women in the city have
become members.
The following officers have been chosen
for the ensuing year: Mrs. Judge Lewis,
president; Mrs. C. A. Wayland. first vice
president; Mrs. A. M. Gates, second vice
president: Mrs. A. B. Wilder, third vice
president; Mrs. A. E. Shumate, corre
sponding secretary; Mrs. H. D. Matthews,
financial secretary; Miss Louise M. Was
helm. recording secretary; Mrs. A. T.
Herrmann, treasurer; Mrs. A. E. Collins,
manager of the exchange. Mesdames J.
R. Lewis, H. D. Matthews, A. T. Herr
mann, A. E. Wilder. E. V. Wright, T. C.
Edwards. A. E. Collins. Edward Camp
bell. A. E. Shumate, C. A. Wayland, H.
A. Spencer. A. M. Gates, J. Sweigert and
\V. L. Woodrow are the board of direc
tors. •
Chautauquans at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 19.—This morn
ing another of the many Innovations
which are being inaugurated In the pro
gramme of this year's Chautnuqua assem
bly was begun with great success. It was
a sppsion afield, as it were, of the popular
science department. Professor Keeps of
Mills College and Dr. C. I>. Anderson of
Santa Cruz, who are conducting this de
partment, this morning took the members
of their classes for a walk along the shore
of the bay and illustrated the subjects
discussed by the various forms of sea life,
animal and vegetable, which they came
upon in the course of their ramble. It Is
the first time such a plan has been tried
here and all who participated in this
morning's excursion are delighted with
the new Idea. Other classes were carried
on to-day, as yesterday, up to 11 o'clock,
and at that hour the first public session
of the day. "The Forum Hour," wan
opened by President McCllsh.
SING TO THE QUEEN.
LONDON, July 10.—Several thouand of
the Christian Endeavorers visited Wind
sor to-day en route for Oxford and Stam
ford. This afternoon a large assembly
gathered in the royal grounds hoping to
see Queen Victoria, and received word
that ner Majesty would appear in the
quadrangle of the castle. Here the Queen
shortly arrived,.accompanied by Princess
Henry of Battenberg. ready for a drive.
A thousand voices united in singing "God
Save the Queen," which was followed by
the Christian Endeavorers' anthem as her
Majesty drove down the ranks acknowl
edging the plaudits, bowing and smiling.
»
Lives Lost in a Storm.
MOUNT PLEASANT (Ohio), July 19.—
The little town of Long Run, two miles
west of this place, with a population of
about 1000 people, was visited this after
noon by the most severe wind and rain
storm that has been In this section for
the last thirty years, and three lives wen?
lost in the flood that followed. The dead
are: Mrs. John Lingo, her young son and
Mary Berhock. ,
The Day's Dead
Dewitt Clinton Haskins,
BUFFALO. N. Y., July 19.— Dewitt CMn-
ton Hasklns,. who was once a railroad and
mining speculator and contractor of na
tional reputation, is dead at his home in
this city, aged 77 years. When the gold
craze in 1843 was at its height Mr. Has
klns went to California and shortly after
built a railroad from Sacramento to Val
lejo, which has since become a part of the
Southern Pacific system. He was the pro
moter of the great Hudson River tunnel,
and had been engaged in numerous simi
lar enterprises. At one time he sank
Jf»,000 in the later famous Emma mine In
Nevada. ¦
Major John Caperton.
CHICAGO, July .19.— Major John Caper
ton of Louisville, one of the wealthiest
and most prominent men of Kentucky,
died here last night of heart failure.
Major Caperton made his start in Cali
fornia. The body . was to-day sent to
Louisville.
Hon. .Sidney Edgerton.
AKRON. Ohio. July 19.--Hon. Sidney
Edgerton, aged ?2. died here to-day. He
was the first Justice of the Supreme Court
of Idaho and the first Governor of Mon
tana, having been appointed by President
Lincoln. He was twice elected Congress-,
man from this district. '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, July 19.
Dr. George C. Pardee and Mrs. Pardee
returned to Oakland last night after their
trip Kast, during which Dr. Pardee was a
delegate to" tho Republican National Con
vention at Philadelphia. Mrs. Pardee was
presented to President McKinley, and
both Dr. Pardee and his wife express the
greatest confidence as to the re-election of
the President.
The return of Dr. Pardeo is taken to
mean that there will be some new moves
in the Congressional campaign. He has
taken up the support of Henry P. Dalton.
saying:
"When I left California the indictment
of Assessor Dalton was the subject of
universal discussion and was, of course,
denounced by all thinking men hs a po
litical indecency and an attempt to kill off
the Assessor as a candidate for Congress.
Knowing Henry Dalton as well as I do,
I knew that his defense would be a manly
and straightforward one, devoid of tech
nicality, and his prompt vindication by
the court on the merits of the case bore
out my estimate of the man and put the
stamp of judicial disapproval upon the
Grand Jury's attempt to besmirch the rep
utation of an honest and an upright and
conscientious public official. Before I
went away I had no doubt that the people
of Alameda County would not permit such
an act to have the effect Its instigators
hoped it would have. That is my opinion
now, and I think that I am not mistaken
In my estimate of the temper of the peo
ple of this county in the Dalton matter."
The Haywards Dalton Club will tender
a reception next Monday evening at the
opera-house to County Assessor Henry P.
Dalton. The committee in charge of the
affair is: J. W. McCoy, F. I. Lemos, P.
Wilpert, C. Ruppricht and W. Zam
bresky. The speakers of the "evening will
be: Henry P. Dalton. Dr. Oeorge C. Par
dee and Major Cnlderwood.
Says the Proceedings Against the
Aspirant for Congress Will
Hot Injure Him in Ala
meda County.
Delegate to the National
Convention Makes Some
Observations.
GEORGE PARDEE
IS TO SUPPORT
HENRY DALTON
Richard L. Crump, Who Was Be
lieved by Relatives to Be Dead,
Is in San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW LONDON, Conn., July 19.— A letter
was received here yesterday bearing a San
Francisco postmark and addressed to Mrs.
Mary C. Crump. Mrs. Crump's daughter
recognized in the address the handwriting
of her brother, Richard L. Crump, who had
been given up as dead. Miss Crump lost
no time in forwarding the letter to her
mother, who is at the seashore, and the
daughter's belief proved correct.
The young lawyer wrote that he was in
San Francisco and in good health, but did
not say a word of his whereabouts or do
ings since he disappeared from New York
several months ago.
Young Crump, who was a student at
Albany. N. V., left that city for his home
here on October 14, 1*!>9, to spend a few
days' vacation. Nothing was known of
his proposed visit until the landlady with
whom Crump boarded wrote a postal
card inquiring when he was going to re
turn to Albany. This started the family
on a search for Richard, and it was dis
covered that he had called for his baggage
at the Grand Central Station two days
after his arrival In New York, but no
trace of him could be found. It was feared
the young man had met with foul play,
as he had several hundred dollars on his
person, and the police and detectives made
a. thorough search of New York without
success.
Pictures of Mr. Crump were published in
many papers and photographs were sent
to every lodgo of Klks. Crump being a
prominent member of the order.
Relatives believe the young man was
suffering from temporary aberration as a
result of hard study at Albany. He was
a graduate of Williams College and had a
law offlce here until he enlisted in Com
pany I, Third Regiment of Connecticut
Volunteers, during the Spanish-American
war.
CONFEDERATES AND UNION
SOLDIERS MEET TOGETHER
Five Thousand Men Rejoice in the
Stability of a Country Once
Divided.
ATLANTA, Ga., July 19.-Flve thousand
members of the Grand Army of the Re
puolic and the United Confederate Vet
erans lustily cheered the commanders of
these organizations— General Albert E.
Shaw and General John B. Gordon— as
they sat together upon the stage of the
Grand Opera-house at the kindling of the
campilre of the "Blue and Gray" reunion
here to-night. The occasion was the for
mal beginning of the reunion of the sur
viving veterans of the Union and the Con
federate armies who fought in the battles
around Atlanta >n July. l&ot. President
McKinley, unable to be present, sent his
regrets.
When General Gordon was presented the
cheering continued for several minutes.
General Gordon said:
For more than a third of a century I have
earnestly and unwaveringly labored for the
realization of this era of American brother
hood.- AH hall the power of an all-pervading
Americanism which shall make of us In truth
as In name one people. Inspired and swayed by
the one lofty and resistless purpose to do jus
tice to all nations: but to see to It that the
flag of thU republic shall be a protecting power
over Americans in all lands, even In bloody and
barbaric China. All hall the day when with
one accord we shall proclaim to all the world
that every drop of American blood shed by un
lawful hands shall be avenged by American
manhood.
No less enthusiasm greeted General
Shaw. He began by saying:,
Thle Is the first time I have ever heard
General Gordon, and I want to say our nation
owes him more than any other for the voice
he has raised for our union, and nothing but
our union. In my recent visits throughout the
South my heart has been stirred by the evi
dence that we are to live hereafter in the
present.
• We understand each other now. It was an
untold sacrifice to learn the lesson of the past
and now let ua learn the lesson of unity.
General J. C. Breckinrldge, Inspector
general of the United States army and a
distinguished I'nion veteran, and Colonel
\V. C. P. Breckinrldge of Kentucky, a dis
tinguished Confederate veteran, were on
the stage. The former was presented and
concluded an eloquent tribute to the
united country. His brother. Colonel "W"
C. P. Breckinridge, also spoke. Generai
O. O. Howard and Governor J. A. Mount
of Indiana made short speeches.
BERGEROW'S SECOND
VICTIM PASSES AWAY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. July 19.— August Berger, the'
second victim of last Sunday's shooting
by Constable Bergerow, died this morn
ing at 8:30 o'clock. But little hopes had
been entertained for his recovery, and he
had been conscious but a few short times
since the shooting. Bergerow. who in a
drunken frenzy committed the crime
must now answer. to the double crime of
murder. When informed of Berber's death
to-day he seemed to.be affected and hune
his head, but said nothing.
Berger was a native of Germany and 36
years old. He had been employed at the
Frederlcksburg brewery for thirteen
years.. A widow and two children are left
to mourn his death.
The funeral of Joseph Cech, the other
victim of Bergerow. was held yesterday
and was largely attended. Berger will
probably be buried Sunday.
An inquest into the death of Berger was
held this afternoon by Coroner Kefi. Tea- j
timony taken wns the same as in the case
of Cech. The jury, after deliberating a
few moments, returned a verdict that
Berger met ¦ his death from a gunshot
wound inflicted by Bergerow.
The Brewers' Union, of which deceased
was a" member. Is taking active steps to
Bee that Bergerow gets his full deserts,
and has engaged Attorneys E. ECothran
and W.:L. Gill to assist in the'prosecu
tlon - ;.S:v-
RECEIVED A LETTER FROM
~ HER LONG LOST SON
This is Speaker Henderson's first visit
to California, and it is wholly for pleasure.
wonders of the magnificent valley. The
party will probably remain In the valley
a week and then return East.
3PEAKER DAVID B. HENDERSON
of the national House of Represent-
atives and United States District 1
Judge Smith McPherson of Iowa,
accompanied by their wives and Miss |
Henderson, will arrive from the East to
day. They are en route to the Yosemtte,
and after spending a few days in this city
the party will proceed to the great na
tlonal park and feast their eyes on the
DISTINGUISHED EASTERNERS SEEKING RECREATION IN CALIFORNIA.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. July tX
Joseph Bayless, a resident of this city,
was burned to death last night on hi.^
ranch at Glencoe. Calaveras County. Word
of the terrible death of the old man cann
to Oakland this morning, just aa his fam
ily was preparing to leave for G'encoe ti>
join him.
Mr. Baylesa had just completed a very
handsome home on a SX)-acre ranch which
he owned in that neighborhood. Tlv
house was the most hand.-'>me for mile;*
around, and he had sent for his family
In Oakland to take up their residence in
their new home. How the now housu
caught fire is uncertain, but word cornea
that Mr. Bayless was awakened and mailu
his escape with some of his more valuable
articles. He then made an attempt to
enter the burning building and recover
some more articles ami was caught when
the roof fell In and burned to death.
Mr. Bayless was 3n years of age and
leaves a wife and four children — threw
boys and Miss Jonie Bay'.ess. who lives at
the corner of Market and Lydia streets.
Joseph Baylesa was originally a house
mover, and in that business had accumu
lated a competency. But one day ho
picked up a tortune. the exact amount of
which has never been known.
Bayless was the housemover who while
moving a house. from the corner of Tent:
and Grove streets eight years ago un
earthed a fortune in crohl Ingots that wero
supposed to have been taken fmm the
I'nited States Mint twenty years ago by
a defaulting coiner. The affair was sur
rounded In much mystery, and Bayless
never would admit how much he foun«l
or whether he found anything. It is .*aM
that he secured JST.not). a portion of which
he gave to Bert Flora, lie certainly se
cured a !arge amount, a portion of which
went for the purchase of the Calaverai
ranch where he met hi* death. Thi* ranch
is said to have several gold-bearing ledeej
that have prospects of proving very valu
able.
House Had Just Been Built on ths
Owner's Ranch and His Family
Was Almost Ready to
Occupy It.
Joseph Bayless, an Aged
Oakland Man, In
cinerated.
MET DEATH EN
FLAMES IN HIS
NEW RESIDENCE
Days of Handling Freight by Means
of Lighters Are Now at an
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
al1. Copyright. isr»>. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PANAMA. July 19.— The Pacific Mail
steamship Costa Rioa this morning came
successfully alongside the new Panama
Ilailroad wharf at La Boca, near the en
trance to the canal. She came in loaded
through the canal channel and drew fif
teen feet of water. The depth of wati-r
at the wharf was forty feet. This is the
first time a larj<e vessel has come to the
wharf. Other ships of greater tonnage
will probably follow.
The new system will completely revo
lutionize the handling of freight, which,
since the opening of the Panama Railroad,
has been done by means of lighters and
steam tugs down the bay.
ARIZONA IHtOTJGHT BROKEN.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. July 19.— The greatest
drought in the history of Arizona was
broken to-day by light showers in the up
per part of the Salt River Valley, and to
night heavy storms are gathering. The
drought has been exceedingly damaging to
stock and business -of all kinds, but It is
likely to prove a blessing in hastening the
construction of a great reservoir for irri
gation water. The cost of the proposed
leservolr will approximate $2,500,000. It
will hold sufficient water to reclaim over
250,000 additional acres of desert land.
Dnbois' Chances Gone.
POCATELLO; Idaho, July 19.— The three
silver conventions spent all day waiting
for their committees. The conference
committees came to a deadlock on the
question of the nomination of a United
States Senator and the project to nom
inate a Senator was finally defeated by 3
vote of 125 to 121. This vote disposes cf
Dubois' chances, according to the opinion
of political leaders.
{Demurrer to the Complaint
¦ Overruled by Judge
Fritz
Court Holds Company Is Practically
in the Same Position as Cigar
Dealers or Saloon
Keepers.
»
Judgment was rendered yesterday by
Judge Fritz on the demurrers In the casea
of John I. Sabin. president, and Fred W.
Eaton, secretary, of the Pacific Telephone
and Telegraph Company, charged by Tax
Collector Scott with violating ordinances
of the Board of Supervisors by refusing
to give the number of telephones In use
and to pay a license on each machine with
a slot attachment.
I": tee points were raised, the first one
being that ordinance 1389 did not apply to
telephones and it was proper for the court
to consider the proceedings of the Board
of Supervisors at the time the ordinance
went into effect. The Judge decided that
he could not go outside the ordinance it
self to determine the intention of the leg
islators.
The second point raised was that ordi
nance lb*'J was repealed by hill 26, ordi
nance ST>, of the Board of Supervisors,
whici) provides that tor each telephone
instrument a quarterly license of i>j cents
must be paid. The Judge held that a
nlckel-in-tne-slot attachment was not
necessarily a part of a telephone instru
ment and that there might be a tax im
posed on an instrument and also on any
attachment that might be placer! on it.
The third point raised was that the tele
phone company had a license to transact
telephone business and that It could not
transact the business without the use of
a nickel-in-lhe-slot attachment. The
Judge held that the attachment was not
necessarily a part of the telephone busi
ness; that it was of great assistance to the
company in the collection of money, but ii
was clearly possible that the companv
could carry on the business without the
attachments. The Judge cited the Instance
of a cigar dealer or a saloon-keeper. Each
paid a license to conduct his business,
but they were also taxed and paid a
license upon each nickel-in-the-slot ma
chine In their places. It was no more
necessary for the telephone company to
have nickel-in-the-slot attachments than
it was necessary for the cigar dealer or
saloon-keeper.
The demurrer was accordingly overruled
and the casrs were continued till August
27 to enable the prosecution to present its
evidence so that the matter might be put
into a shape that would enable the de
fendants to appeal to the higher court.
FIRST VESSEL ENTERS
THE CANAL AT LA BOCA
FIGHT OF THE
COLLECTOR FOB
TELEPHONE TAX
The application of J. F. Foulds for an
order dismissing the citation for contempt
against H. E. Huntington, J. C. Stubbs
and T. 11. Goodman, principal officers of
the Southern Pacific Company, was denied
yesterday by Judge Bahrs. The contempt
proceedings grew out of the refusal of the
Southern Pacific Company to restore the
rate of $3 75 from San Francisco to Fresno,
ordered by the court in its decree of
July 10.
Attorney Foulds based his application
on a recent decision of the Supreme Court,
which holds that all mandatory injunc
tions are stayed by appeal. Foulds con
tended that Judge Hahrs" order was of a
mandatory character and therefore bound
by the ruling of the Supreme Court.
Foulds held that while the company is
perfecting its appeal from this mandatory
order there coirni he no contempt.
Attorn^v General Kord argued that an
appeal tud not suspend Judgment In any
case. He said the injunction under dis
cussion was prohibitory and in no sense
mandatory. If this weie true the defend
ant corporation was required to obey it
in every particular, even though an appeal
were taken to a higher court within the
statutory period of time. The Attorney
Oeneral continued: /
"We are dealing here not with any com
mand of the Railway Commissioners but
with a decree of this court. This injunc
tion orders the defendant company to per
form a certain act, and whether an appeal
is pending or not, the injunction must bo
obeyed. This motion should be denied,
and if this matter is appealed we will
meet the issue in the Supreme Court."
Judge Bahrs made no comment upon the
argument, but immediately made a for
mal order dismissing the motion to quash
the citation directing Huntington, Stubbs
and Goodman to show cause. Foulds de
sired to secure a postponement of the cita
tion for contempt until July 30 in order
that Attorney Garber. who is out of the
city, might be communicated with rela
tive to defending the railway corporation
in the suit. Attorney General Ford would
not consent to so great a delay, but inti
mated that he would on next Monday
agree to a short continuance If a suffi
cient cause for postponement be shown.
The matter then went over until 10 a. m.
on Monday, when a date for argument
will bi? finally selected. The three rail
road officials named have been ordered to
appear at that time.
Fresno Bate Case Again Before
Judge Bahrs, Who Decrees That
Defendants Must Appear
and Show Cause.
Southern Pacific Officials
Must Now Answer for
Contempt.
APPLICATION TO
QUASH CITATION
IS OVERRULED
Acting: Mayor Tobin Checks Scheme
by Directing Captain Spillane
to See That Grab Is Not
Accomplished.
Ki ting Mayor Tobin called the attention
I Captain BpOIane of the Southern Police
•Istrict yesterday to the fact that the
Market-street Railway Company was
l>r. paring to erect electric poles along
r'irst street from Market to Folayn
streets. The Mayor directed Captain
BpUlane to prevent the company from
jutting up the ji^.les ap it had never been
granted the privilege by the Board of
Supervisors. Captain Spillane detailed
two police officers to put a stop to the con-
T i-rrjilated trespass and made a personal
Investigation on his own account. He
found that the iron poles were stretched
iit Intervals along the gutterways prepar
atory to tx-i:nj put In position probably
uurins the night.
There were no workmen in the vicinity
during: the day and it is likely that the
sipht of two policemen specially detailed
Bnd the three regular officers on Mission.
Howard and Folsom streets prevented
•ay Intended move on the part of the
graspinp Mrcoi railroad corporation. Up
to a late hour last night the contemplated
action had not been consummated.
Acting Mayor Tobin whs indignant .it
what ho nrmod an unwarranted proceed
ing on the part of the Market -street Com
pany. He said that the corporation must
certainly obtain permission from the
Board of Supervisors by ordinance before
it wouM )... allowed to erect poles or
string wires.
The company holds a franchise for a
horse car line <>n First streot. but this
doe? not carry wiih it the privilege of
iunnh;ji r!*ctric cars on this street. In
order t<> hold* the franchise the corpora
tion has run ,t solitary one-horse car
mornings from fi:30 to 7:30 and evenings
frnni «:3'i to 7:?A The company is repeat
ing its high handed proceedings in recent
ly stripping wires on Bush street from
Ream? to Pan?orn<» and along Sansome
street, thouerh in this case the wires were
strung from thf buildines after permis
sion was first obtained from the property
owners. The Hoard of Supervisors has
ruled that permission must first be re
ceived to string wires. Captain BpUlane
F!»ys that he will keep two men specially
iletailed to see that the company does not
violate the law in erecting poles without
having been granted the privilege by the
city.
The Market-Street Company
Makes Ready to Usurp
First Street.
PREPARES TO
PUT UP POLES
WITHOUT RIGHT
WILL VIEW THE WONDERS
OF THE YOSEMITE VALLEY
THE SAX* FRANCISCO CALL, FRfDAY, JULY 20, 1900.
9
i il 1111 .illllHil i 11 111 ii 1 11 111
I Next Sunday s Call, j
THE WORLD IS DOOMED TO
¦ STARVATION.
Ey Edward Atkinson, the Great Economist
LOS ANGELES WOMAN WHO BUILT HER
OWN HOUSE.
I rM
| HOW TWO GIRLS ESCAPED FROM CHINATOWN
DURING QUARANTINE.
. THE FIRST BILLIARD TABLE IN OREGON.
A CHAPTER FROM THE LIFE OF A CASHBOY.
AROUND THE PARIS EXPOSITION.
By GENEVIEVE GREEN.
SEE THE GREAT COMIC AND HALF-TONE SECTION.
I yfK • J
I N. THE SUNDAY CALL, / \. THE SUNDAY CALL. /
j \ finest illustrated / \ finest illustrated /
| \ Sunday paper A \ Sunday Paper /
fV in the West" A X. in the Vest /
X A \ • /
\ A \ y
THE SINDW CALL
LEADS THEM ALL.
' , ~ ' » I!
_ _ r _ , T t tm ,|. .¦ , | ' ¦ I! --1 ¦ III I I ¦ ' ''THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JIJ^Y 20, 1900.
10
SAX FUANCISCO CALL.
BCSXKBSS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Czl'i. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until Z2 o' clark every nipht in the year.
HRANCH ftmCES- C27 Montgomery street.
cc:Tier Clay; open until 5:20 p. tn.
Z'JO Rare* .Ft rest; open until 9:23- p. ra.
C39 McAllb-tf-r street: open until S:30 p. m.
f!5 Lsrkin street; cj>cn until 0:!0 p. m.
1541 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
™01 2i!?fion street, corner Sixteenth; open
tntil S p. m.
1?C Eleventh street; cpen ur.til 9 p. m.
;0M Valencia strc-ct; open until S p. m.
Northwest ccroer Tweatf. « cond and Ken-
tucky stress; rpen until f p. rn.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ccmmanifry No. 1. K. a-dL-
T .No. S !'• ?t st — Regular assembly Esa~
THIfc" BVEXIXO at T.Si) o'clock. All Xji
fraf-rs eonrteOBSiy invited, iiy order vp'
<jf tbe Commander.
K1RAM T. G HAVES. Recorder.
A C YLUM <-.f Oo'.den Gate Ccmmandery a
So JS K. T.. 625 Setter st.— Ofncers 'SSf* '
end member* arc hereby notified to a*- (FJ
KnbSc at the eeyiura in full uniform &g>
st 1 c'cli-k TO-DAY Tot tbe purpose «
of attending: the funeral of our late frater,
fc"JR SSOBOE BL'CK. ' _¦
BOHF.KT McMILLAN. Em. Com.
tvm. T. FONDA. Recorder.
ilFMIvERe cf Golden Gat* Lodge No. SO •
will ir,eet at MafonSc TVinti* at l:S0 .#%_
p m. THJS PAY to attend the funeral TK3f
c.r KRO. GEORCE IUVK of Phoenix /Vi
Lo0s» Nc. 75. Phornixville. Pa.
GEO. J. 1IOBK. Secretary.
INSTALLATION. Ophlr Lodge No. -;*5!>»*i:<».
!T1. I. O. O. F.. FRIDAY ITVF...
July CO. Ail Odd Follows invited.
rneir.bfrs ttjiecUEy. >JWMSP7
GEO. COLLIER. N. O.
CALEDONIAN Clan of San Fran- « <#•
cifco. Insular business mating at 3\ t*iii
S o'clock. Lac.es' night TO-NIGHT. <fcXJ.jr
"Jettirig for frj»T.ct nt S:Si. at > *w : >*»
which tlrr.e W. H. BARXBS will addre6s the
audience, ft'.lowed by »cr.f*. etc.
ANSI'S McLEOD, Chief.
AICCREW MrN'AIU. Beeretary-
A MKETIN'G of the stockiioldera of the Peo-
rie'e insurance Company, a corporation ot-
ran:re-1 ur.dc-r the laws of the State of Cal-
ifornia. v!il o«> heUl at the office of Christy
Ar 'Wise, 112 Sar.sonie tt.. Han Francisco. Oal..
tt C r- "¦-. KRIDAT. the 27th day of July.
5K0. fcr the pu^po^e of filling vacancies In
the board cf truetees for satii corporation an<l
the transaction cf such other business as may
properly cone before such rrwetinn.
A full a'tcr.uanoe of tbe stockholders !s de-
Fire«i. IJy order
JOHN H. TVISK. Vice Pr-sldent.
FBA3CK F. STONE. Secretary.
ANNl/AL meo'.ir.g— The regular annual meet-
ing of tb« ft'ick.hol<:ers of the Hakalau Flan-
ration Dnmpmny will be held at the office of
the com;.nny. ;2T Market »t.. tian Franclscc.
Cal.. on WEDNKSDAY. the m day of Au-
FU«. I&00. at the hour of 11 o'clock forenoon,
for the purpose of electing a board of dl- I
rectars to serve for tbe er?pj2ng year ,ti..l |
. the tranfiaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. I
E. H. SilELDON*. Secretary-
AXNl/AL MEETINO!
The R!«don Iron and Locomotive Work! 1 .— The
cr.nua^ aming of the tt.*ckholders of the R!»-
<3 n Ir'->n anil Locomotive Works, for the elec-
tion of trustees for the ensuir.jr year a::d the
*rT?nFact1on of such ether business a^ may l>e
t)riuKh: l>efnre the meeting, will be hejd at the
office of the cotr.:>any. •outbeait corner of Heale
nnd Howp.rd st».. San Franc-eco. en MONUAT.
the Cth day of Aug-ust. 15>00. at 11 o'clock a- m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
AT-OR\EVS AT LAW.
n. W. KING, ettornf.v at Ian-. S^T Market Ft..
bankruptcy, collections; all caFe?; fair fees;
no advancs' chargps: money loaned on estates.
.ADVICK free; divorce Jaw a specialty; private:
r.o foe without f*ucc*sr*: collections. G. \V
KOV.~E. atty at law. fiOMarket. cor.Stockton.
APVICE free: no charpp unles* successful. W.
W. IiAVIDSON. RJJ Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. P. rLARK. Emma S=precklei> bldf?.. S!7 Mar-
ket rt. : cTsn'.tation free: no fees in advance.
BA11I CABINETS.
r.Oni.VFOX r*. 4-panel folding-; door opens; firm
nr.d ?af". \Y. S. liP.OWN, ge n . a gt., 426 Ellis.
AUTOMOBILES.
AlTOMOHILn^-FRro WARD & . SOX,
Aeents, 41 Fremont Ft.
BELGIA.\ HAKES.
A. NL'JIHEn of fine doe* at low prices- hred to
our finest bucks; LORI) EDINBORO (Imp)
lee IS; DUKE OF CLARENCE (Imp.), fee I
tiil fine lot of youngsters from three to five
innr-.ths old from Lord Jild'.nboro and our lm- !
lorted does with prand color and perfect feet '
ul I round; full line cf rabbit supplies; tree
literature.
fcAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO.
SAM C. HAMMOND. M K r.
Office — S{>r«-ckle6 Market.
Rabbitry— 1015 Shotwell st.
DELGIAN HARES 1 . 1 .
All the popular Ftrcins at rreatly reduced
priceB. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE AS-
SOCIATION', Alameda. Cal.
LORD FAPHOUA CHIEF and Lady Luir.b.
first priie in Enpland. at 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELOIAN HARE PANITARY
HEADQl'ARTERS: sales da.ly. 1005-H Suttrr.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO. ,609 Gol-
den Gate ave..S.F..S0O rabbits for sale chfap.
UICVCLi:«i For Snip or Eichaicr,
ATXEN f/ls new b'.rydoe. 120. to ITI; eecond-
han-1 ones. ?:, up. 19*0 Page st.
UCSUTCSS CUAKCB8,
A— KCO; delicacy an>l dalrt' produce, in Ala-
meda; rent Jn; daily receipts f!2; business es-
tahl. years. Call K. CI. WILKE. 26li Kearny.
A — 11700; CORNER grocers" and bar on Mission
. st. : place has been kept by present owner
tor l'i years and clearing above U.V) per
month; stock and fixtures worth the money
Call R. 'i. WILKE. £6'i Kearny st.
Jl— t2«>— RHSTAUKANT and chophouse on
watt' front; rentrtlS; bargain. R. G. WILKE.
'A'*l Kearny rt.
A—**:*; BAKERY eatabl. many years in lively
country town; place doing a splendid busi-
ness; rent J23; sickness of proprietor only
cause cf sele; fullest Investigation solicited.
Cal! R. G. WILKE. *CV* Kearny Et.
A— tl^SO: PARTNER wanted in o!d-e«tabl. cor.
procer}' and bar on Third st. ; daily receipt!
tTZ; retiring jartr.er had to leave for north;
rent $42; lease; rare chance. See R. G.
WILKK. iC»- Kearny tt.
A' t*0W; COP.NKR srocery and bar; established
years ar.d/ known as a .noney making place;
best Iccat'.nn; close to Chronicle building. See
R. G. V.'ILKH. 2CV» Kearny E t.
A-KREDO & OCTTON, phone Black .VC2.
P00»— OnOCERT i- bar;~Mi:wion st.; $60 daily.
tTOC'— Uoire baJcer>'; cofTee perlor; no eppj-
f'.ti'.T..
*4X> — R»stuura?-.t 5n the wholesale district.
KREIXJ &• IH'TTO.V, 36 O^r>- st.
RT^-PALCON; 2 furnished rtHims: rent TlS:"re^
ceipsg SID to i",2 dally. Ki'.EDO & DUTTON
>; Oear>- st.
$^0— CANIiY niTj; Market St.; $20 per day;
old t*'al>. Iruslr-ess. SBEDO & DUTTON
26 Geary st.
:r,^-RESTAl"itAKT In country town; flr.e
jjayins pro|>OFit>or:; 120. OOP, seven years; also
a JI0O0 restaurant, most pepular place In San
Fran"! sco. KREDO & TUTTON. 36 Gear/ it
A— $".1; CIGAR store; laundry office more than
pays pxp-nf-: pood trade: tir.e location. Pa-
cific Tlumr.r-.tm Exchange. 1016 Market »t.
$:r;-nRANCH bakery; S living rooms; cheTp
rent: celline on a.ccount of der>arture; neat
piacg. j'aciSc E^xchanKe. JO36 Market «t.
|;:0— PARTNER wanted : saloon; choice loca-
tlcn; ch^ap rent; present o^ner preferi part-
ner to hired help. LUNDIN & CO.. £73 Mar-
ket, room 12. <
J4: r --nSTABMPHEn M years; stationery, no-
tlons. cendy and laundry business, with 3
livlr* rra«; rent low. LANE & CO.. fa Mitt.
PARTNER n-ar.ted In a saloon; also In ~U0
roomed !;x5g!n£ houfe: big chtnee. McBRIDE '
& CO.. SSO Howard st.
HAS! money to be made br furnishing names
and addresses of persons »nflTerlnc from con-
mmptlon. cancer. Brlghts disease, catarrh.
l.JoM end nervous diseases. Address Kox 1's'
CaiL
PAHTNKR wanted, lady or pentleman. Call
S-A Fixyfi st-. mor Market. : to J p. m.
$!•¦— CARPENTER shop: tench and toole; low
rent; good locality. 1SC7 Powell st.
A tiro harber shop: 702 Monteomery avenue.
V.'ANTED -Printing press: foot power: (rocxTorl
ter. Globe Rubber Stamp Store, HS3 Market.
ETOHF, to rent, suitable for barber shop an<J
risers : cpp. where rew depot will be. 633
Fourth it.
JJARIJER shop for sale; 3 chairs: on Geary st.
Apply : O'Farrell st. .. T-
FOR £a!»— Faloon: pood business; cause, elck-
lif-ss. Inquire 44 Second St.
nitMT-CXABS shoe uhop; good prices; gooj
_wr.rk: small stock of rhoes. 832 Umh 6t.
DON'T irl«s the tripod* and lamps at the
HACKrs STUDIO. U Geary: other bargains.
GOOD bakery for sale; cheap; baking 2jJ bar-
rels. AddrefB box 19S7. Call office. (
TOR sale— First -class restaurant. Address P.
LAilSIEHS. 1TC9H Mission »?_; no agent*.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
MEN cf Nerve Go to the Philippines.
Klondike and Nome Not In It.
Juet arrived from Manila, after two years' ex-
perience prospecting in mining; have located
very rich gold, Fllver and cepper mining; would
like to get a company of ten men together, in-
cluding one assayer, to work the cialms which
we have already taken up and take up more
claims: we are In possession of a splendid aa-
fortment cf verj* rich specimens. For further
Information pleaee call at DENVER HOUSE.
217 Third st., near Howard, room 103^
1450— A BAROAIN: millinery store Jn Western
Addition; 5 years established; good Ftock on
hand; vaiua In sight; 3 neatly fumlshe-1
rooms back of store; everything complete for
housekeeping; suitable for family or 2 young
ladles; owner leaving. Box 2IG8, Call ofHoe.
FOR SALE— A strictly (rood business: restaur-
ant; H>0 chairs and feeding 100 people: bakery
living 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon;
lodjrlnc-house, 34 rooms, newly furnished:
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
fleld. Cal.
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.: flno
location; place Is entirely covered; contains 3
stalls; rent only $15; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON _ CO.. 614 Call building.
LEADING hotel in Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.:
will rent. s*Il or exchange. For particular-
—rite JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey. <?al.
A.— HOTEL and saloon at 212-2H First St., at
reiRonnble terms; will sell on account of
sickness. ______
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
\V. CARWF.LL & CO., 412 Sacramento ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisement" and subscription*
roccivfi at Call branch office. 2C0O Fillmore rt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia ct.
LODGING-HOUSES FOIl SALE.
S ROOMS: clean: nice; respectable location. $2ifl
10 and U r. houses, all parts of city, $3^0 uy.
14 r. : clean: respectable; rent $63; Food.. $71*0
21 rooms; central: clears SSO a month $l?00
r« rorms: rent JSo; profitable: H cash....$l ( ;00
DO rooms: very nice; clears over $100 $2*00
1?4 more. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Mkt.; tel. Blk 15iO3.
16 ROOMS. $300; respectable, no transient; all
full of permanent renters; clears $1 per day
above the rent; rent $::,. M. GRIFFIN. 71?
Market st.. near Call bid*.
LIST your houses with me; I have cash buy-
ers. 'M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market gt.
$900— SNAP: 2S roomn: all rented: fine location;
pear Market gt. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
MF'Y. of all kind* of'photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail: Fend for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. SS3 Market !»t.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to PPAl.'LDING'g Pioneer Carpot-Beat-
ing Works, ST.3-357 Tehama et. ; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning; and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South .145.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating: and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Work?, G. H.
STEVENS, m et.. 3S-4Q Sth St.: tel. South 2:>0.
J. McQtTEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4^3 Stevc-r.son st.; tel. South 2CS; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie &44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 534. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. S33 Golden
Gate ave. ;¦' telephone Eayt 126.
CARItfAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kin is of wagons, bupples. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission gt.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also l'.Rht
ramping wagon, for sale cheap. 332 Mission.
NKW & "d-hand wagons, bug^lep, carts & har-
ness. w.irk & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, in-
corporated; money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A LARGE Bunny 6-room modern cottage In
East Oakland; high baaement; corner lot, 90x
135; fine grounds and fruit trees; location
Al: 5 minutes' walk to local Ftatlon. H. H.
COLBY. Express office. East Oakland.
OFF Second et, near Brannan— Sunny 4-room
cottage; $10. Key 623 Second et.
NEW cottage: 6 rooms, bath: lot 50x100: Mis-
sion: ea-y terms r-r vacant lot. 413 Kearny St.
SPIRITUALISM.
TO-NIGHT, at B. Mme. Marquise. 5 Hyde Bt..
nr. McAIliFter. usual dr., 10c; ckejnlcs Invited.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8
• p. m. 14 MoAIliKter «t., rm. 3.j; admission 10?.
WTI.LIE, the _os Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays Included.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
M«-yer; sit. dally; convinces tests to-night 10c.
THIS week only— F"ull sittings 25c. WATSON,
medium, palmist. l.">81 Market Bt., near 12th.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
— edium . life reader: sitting $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MMK. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & eecond Eight,
diasmoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm. & clair.: Bit. SI 50. 126 Turk st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader; paet,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth Bt., room 14. .
CLArRVOYANT. card reader: best advice; fee
20c up. S23 Mission St., nr. Fourth; rlnft bell.
CARD reading, 25 cent?. I 109 Fifth st. Hours
from 1 to 10. _\
MME. ZEREDA. the jrypsy. Is the jrreat palmist
and card reader, 25c. 3 Seventh st. ; no sign.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German Fpoken. S21'4 Mission.op.Mlnt.
MME. August, clairvoyant card reader: palmis-
try: truth or no pay; 25c & EOc. 1143 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212'i Sixth et.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2.1c up. S Fourth St.
MME. SYBTLLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band> picture: 2Sc: ladles. 914 O'Farrell at.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, — r 1. 7. Flocd bldg.. you can
have your extractions dor.e painlessly: teeth
without piates our specialty; gold crowns,
tZ ,*.O up; plates, extractions free, 'H 50 up; of-
fice hours S a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 3 to 2
p. — . G. W. WILLIAMFON. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT priieg for best crowns, plates, bridges
ami flll'njs: extraction cr filling by my won-
<J fc rfuI secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
1-erifnce; no students; advice free; prices
rheapr-Ft and jmaranteed; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et.
DR. LITDLITM HILL. 14JJ Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
rrmde: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 j.er set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
PLATES from $."; crowns, $3 W; fillings, 50c.
[ Chlc8zo Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 223 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, |4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
VAN VP.OOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. li>)l Market St.. corner Sixth.
RET of teeth without plate. DR. II. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG nOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hoflpltal. Post. FlHmore—
Advice and medicine 7Cc; city visits SI 50; all
animals treated; dogs lionrded. Tel. West C36.
DR. CREELT'S C. P. mnr.ge cureandworni pills
by druggifts or at hospital. SlOGolden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking. Millinery
School to 1019 Market St., above Sixth.
S. F. Dreesmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary at., dresses
made. $.". up; dresses made over; perfect fit
MME. REMBERT, .',30 Sutter St.. dressmaking
Bchool ; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factor)-; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A YRES' Business College. 723 Market Bt.: life
scholarship. $o0; Includes shorthand, typing
bookkeeping, telegraphy: day and evening;
just added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLKOE. 1236 Market st-
CALIFORNIA Business College, 303 Larkin st.-
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est 1864.
¦ VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. S33 Market.
t-WEEKS' course teaches practical shorthand
Val De— y. court reporter, €12 Hearst bldx.
EDPCATIOXAL.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
1 etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr 6th
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater, 3]
O'Farrell; positions grntd to nnl.hed pupllf
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
S. F. ; founded 1863; SO-pagre catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pirn st
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con
tractor; establ. over 10 years; all kinds help
421 Post, near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best hel
furn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black SO72
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office
best help furn.: tel. John 212L 806% Stockton
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce-
Best help. 411*. O'Farrell at.; tel. East 426.
E3IPLOYMBXT s WASTED FEMALE
FIRST-CLASS French second girl desires sit
uatlon. best of references; also flrst-clas:
Swedish second girl. MISS CULLEN, 22
Butter st.
COMPETENT young woman Just from Eae'
wishes position in small family; good Frencl
and American cook; first-class references
wages. $30 to $35. Box 122. Call.
STENOGRAPHER wishes email salary an(
desk room in office or store in exchange foi
her services as typewriter or bookkeeper. Dot
128. Call office. -
A GERMAN middle-aged woman, with a few
children, wishes situation as working house-
keper in the country; home desired, wages nt
object. 392 Fifth St.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do genera:
housework and cooking. 1112 Stelner St., neai
Golden Gate ave.
SWISS girl wishes position to do general house-
work. Apply at Helvetia Hotel, 431 Pine St.
YOUNG widow with a child wishes situation a?
housekeeper. 11 Seventh et.
CHAMBERMAID— Hotel In city or country.
Apply 1112 Stelner Et.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to dc
housework. Call 7S2 Fulton Kt-
YOUNG lady, speaks French, German and
English, good seamstress, wlBhes posltlou.
Address M. D.. box 119, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation tc
do general housework. Call 252 Fulton at.
A GERMAN girl wishes a situation for general
housework. Apply at 2501V. Mission st.
¦WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla nt. ,
EMPLOYMENT WANT-ID MALE.
GARDENER, fully competent in flower, orna-
mental, fruit and vegetable departments; also
care of animals: wife flrst-claps housekeeper;
both with very best references. Address box
130, Call office.
MAN and wife and child want place; woman
good cook; man understands horses. Ad-
dreys C, 1614 Polk it.
COMPETENT German cook wants work on
ranch, hay press, etc. Address Cook, box 131,
Call office.
YOUNG waiter wants n position; 'speaks
French, German and English. Address box
132. Call office.
POSITION wanted by an experienced meat cut-
ter; can give best references. Box 129, Call.
STRONG boy of 16 wishes position of any kind
with board and lodging and reasonable wages.
Box 115. Call office.
BO Y IS years of c p^ d^sires to learn t lie ma-
chlnlRte* trade. Inquire 532 Third st.
AN active, elderly man, first-class sign painter
by trade, also an adept at display and ad-
vertising card writing and generally handy,
wlshe;; a permanent position in aome large
retail or other establishment where his ser-
vices in that or any other capacity can be
put to account. Address HENRY P. HOP-
KINS, box 27SX5. Call office. Oakland. Cal.
ENGINEER, who can do all erecting and re-
pairing, wants steady position: any style of
eriRine; good knowledge of electricity; steady
hablte; Rood references; go anywhere. Box
3T.C3. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man as gard-
ener, hostler or to do general work around
plp.ee: flrst-c'.ass reference. Address HE.N'HV
WILSON. 323 Montgomery st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements nnd
subscriptions has been established at 3093 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
JOTIH Market (rear Seventh): exam nation
free; German eye water by mall. 50c; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician, 910 Mkt
FLATS TO LET.
GROVE, SIS — Flat of 7 sunny rooms and attic;
front and Bide gardens, electric lighters; also
lower floor of 6 rooms; furnlRhed or unfur-
nished; stable if desired of 4 stalls; carriage
floor, coachman's room, etc.; suitable for
physician: rent $30 and $35. Apply on prem-
ises or MADISON & BURKE.
VALENCIA St.. between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth; fine flat; sun in every room; key
there: 6 rooms and bath; rent only $25. Ap-
ply -to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate
Agents, 630 Market St.
DOLORES Bt.. between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth; fine flat of 6 rooms and bath;
key there. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO..
Real Estate Agents. 630 Market St.
A— 2 UPPER sunny modern fiats; 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; $25 and $23. 973-975 Golden
Gate ave.
A — 8-ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay ¦windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
IF you want to move, get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
IVY AVE.. 60, near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele-
Kant sunny top flat; four rooms.
FLATS TO M3T — KL'Il.VISM_-D.
TO LET — Furnished flat of four rooms. 336
Fifth 6t.
FURNITURE: FOR SALE.
PRIVATE sale of furniture owing; to Immedi-
ate departure to Honolulu. 734 Guerrero »t.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FUKMTURJG WANTED.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllverstein, 1121 Market: tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FE3IALB.
WANTED— Hotel cook. $45; 2 waitresses,
springs, $25: chambermaid, wait one meal,
country hotel, $25; good woman to clean halls,
scrub paint, steady work, Institution, J23;
laundress, country hotel, $30; 4 German nurses,
HO; 2 nurse and second girls at $25; nurse
to taU» care of Invalid, $20: Protestant second
girl, $25; 4 rooks, plain washing. $30, and a
number of girls for general housework, city
and country, J20 and $25. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT. 316 Sutter St.
A— LUNCH waitress, $3 per week. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter *t.
2 WAITRESSES, Hanford, $25 each. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRL to do housework; must be thoroughly
competent, a good cook, and come well recom-
mended; good wages paid to the right person:
party may be seen at "Youths' Directory,"
2LC1 Nineteenth St., near Valencia, to-day,
from 2 to 4 or Saturday from 9 to 11.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; Pteady
work: highest wages paid: apply immediate-
ly. U. S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison
av«,-bet. Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
WANTED— Experienced cannera; steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply Immediately, The
U. S. Fruit- Packing Co., Harrison St.. oft
Folsom. between Seventh and Eighth.
AN experienced chambermaid; must wait at
table once a day; small hotel. 299 H)de st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl wanted to do
chamber work. 113A Sixth st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework and
care of child. 62 Central ave.
WANTED— Solicitors to take orders for tea and
coffee; .liberal commission. 1915 Fillmore »t.
HELP WA!. TED— FEMALE. '
f. C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 131
_• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
.» 8 waitresses, different resorts, $20 and $25; "
"» waitresses, commercial hotels. $20 and $25; J
i ' waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids, tt
wait, $20, city; 2 chambermaids. *17 50; wo-
man cook. Pacific Grove. $35; woman cook,
_ $30; waitress and chambermaid to wait, same
r resort, near city, $20 each; 2 fancy ironers,
t. $25 and $35
- • FAMILY ORDERS
t rench second girl. $20; young French girl.
$15; ranch cook, $25 and fare; 2 girls to go
together. $25 each, and 25 house girls, city
1- and country, $10, $30; German cook. $30; 5
). young nurse girls, light work, $10, $12; house-
keeper. Institution for children. C. R. HAN-
- SEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
t. NURSE girl for 2 children and do light work:
$10, $12; see party here. C. R. HANSEN C.
•- CO.. 104 Geary St.
- WANTED— Experienced canners; also women
: and girls to work on fruit: highest wages
1. paid at CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
~ Tenth and Bryant streets.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
5 STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32^. Fremont St.:
no experience necessary; eood wages. Apply
I to MR. DAVIS.
- WANTED— A first-class girl for housework and
? cook; good wages and reference wanted. 907
a Devlsadero st.
- COMPETENT young lady to work In hair store,
t 1C0S Polk.
i —
; GIRL to take charge of 14-months-old baby.
125 Dolores St., near Fifteenth.
1 WANTED— Girl for light housework. $10 to $12.
r Apply 812 Ellis tt. -
WANTED— Girls to work on folding boxes. 520
Market et., third floor.
y _______________ -_
. WANTED— -An experienced waitress at the
, United States Hotel, 120 Eddy st.
OPERATORS and finishers on cents' custom
I shirts; steady employment to good hands. 6S5
- Valencia 8t.
LADY solicitors wanted for country and city
Jn good paying legitimate business. F. I.
CO.. room 40, Columbian building.
1 EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
- dress C. H . box 1S24. Call office.
APPRENTICES^ an overalls. STANDARD
• SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grave sts.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., between 13th and 14th.
. WANTED— A cook; apply between 9 and 12.
2032 Jackson et.
i WANTED— A young girl to assist in .minding
a baby. S28 Turk st.
i YOUNG girl kind to children; $5 to $7. 218
Hickory ave. »
WANTED — A girl to work In restaurant. 3
; Howard st.
1 EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts
. and underwear. 27 Jessie st., fifth floor.
1 GIRL for housework and cooking; references.
; Apply 722 Broderick St., 9 to 12 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker wanted. 8% An-
torila St., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell, off Jones.
! EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists: $10
a week. Livingston Mfg. Co., 226 Bush st.
' GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
I housework. 544 Twenty-fourth St., Oakland.
LADY of good Judgment and ability wanted at
: once to fill responsible position. Box 3511, Call.
GIRLS wanted, bookbindery. BUSWELL CO.,
1 636 Clay st.
WANTED — Girl to Iron and tend office; wages
$4 per week. Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st,
1 — 1
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
¦ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
IIF.I.P WANTED MALE.
1000 men for new R. R. work, free fare
200 teamsters, Nevada J2 a day
300 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work $2 a day
100 teamsters. Uakersfleld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast Road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office Fee $1 Free Fare
10 coal miners. $2 50 a day: -6 quartz miners,
$2 CO a day; 3 machine men, $3; 20 laborers,
Eawmill, woods, $20 and board, fare advanced;
farmers, milkers, blacksmiths, choremen and
others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, springs, $P0, fare paid; 2nd cook,
springs, K«5; cook, small springs, $40; pot
washer, springs, $30; fare paid; dishwasher,
summer retort, $25: pantryman, resort, $25;
houseman, hotel, $23 »
colored waiter, country club $35 to NO
marker and distributer, country laundry, $12
a week; washers, ironers and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
FKEK FA RE FREE FARE
50 railroad laborers, fare paid, $1 70 to $2
day: 10 railroad laborers, $1 10 day and board.
J. F. CROSHTT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
cook for Nevada, $40; restaurant cooks, $10 to
$14 week; night cook, $10 week; 10 waiters, $30
month and $7 to $10 week; porter, country
boarding-house; and others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
DRIVER for milk wagon, $35 and found: min-
ers, $2 00 and $3 day; 5 blacksmiths, $2 EO, $3
and $4 day; carpenters, $2 50 and $3 day;
wheelwright. $2 75 day; carriage painter, $2 50
day; poultryman and wife, $50; cooper for
tank work, $3 day: 20 laborers for mill and
woods; sheepherder; choreman for ranch,
$22 50; and many others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. C2S Sacramento St.
"WANTED — Night attendant and nurse for ln-
Ftltutlon; country; $35, board, room and wash-
ing; references required. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED — Farmer and wife, $40; 2 laborers
around mine, 12 a day; 2 carmen for mine, $2
a day; miker, 9 cows and chores, $30; 3 labor-
ers, brick yard, $2 a day; brick molders and
setters, $3 a day; blacksmith helpers, $2 a
day; machine miners, $3 a day; single-hand
miners, $2 50 a day: woodchopperp. ax men
and others. W. D. EWER & CO, 610 Clay st.
AN errand boy, $3 per week. ' MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter Bt.
A DISHWASHER, hotel, country; $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A MAN to buy out a seltzer route: good pay-
Ing business. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A MAN and wife: ranch; $40; good place.
MISS CULLEN: 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
WANTED— Intelligent young man about 18
years of age. Apply at S. N. WOOD & CO..
corner Powell and Eddy sts.
A PRACTICAL man capable of taking charge
of a small steam laundry; near the city; ref-
erences necessary. Address box 222, Call.
SALESMAN by t»a. coffee and matting Im-
porters: city and local territory; salary and
commission: good reference. Box 125. Call.
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday. 629 Union
St., near Powell.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. E38
Valencia st. ; wnges.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
132 Pacific St.. cor. Front.
WANTED*-I?arber for Saturdays and Sundays.
r,04 Montgomery ave.
BARBER WANTED for Saturday and Sun-
day. 333 Sixth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturdays and Sundays.
13?2 Powell «t.
BARBER wanted. 217 Fourth st.
BARBERS— First-class shop In town of 2500;
for sale cheap; shaving 23c. DECKELMAN
BROS., IOC Kills st.
2-CHAIR barber shop, complete, for sale cheap.
1759 Mission st.
A FURNISHED barber shop to let; rent $5 a
month, at 3119 Fillmore st. •
SHEEPSKIN cutter. CARSON GLOVE CO..
35 Market st.
BRIGHT boy 16 years; one anxious to learrl
trade. CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Market st.
ALL around cook. Eastlake Hotel, . cor. Bay
and Webster sts.
BLACKSMITH helper. 212 Railroad ave., near
Fifth ave. South. '
BOY wanted at Unlo'n Square Market, stalls 1
and 3.
WANTED— Flrrt-class plumber and helper. 623
Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Two painters. 252 Fifth gt.
WANTED— Goodcleaner: steady work. HUD-
SON RIVER DYE WORKS. 403 Sutter St.
BOY 16 to 20 to drive. milk wagon; German
preferred. 1037 Valencia st.
WANTED— A vegetable man. 631 Clay st.
GOOD kitchen helper; also a boy to assist In
a dining-room. U. S. Hotel. 129 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS dishwasher wanted. 206 McAl-
llster st., restaurant.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
Trice. £C2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
.WANTED— First-class stove traveling sales-
man. r*ox 110, Call office.
BOY to run elevator 12 m. to 6 p. m. Inquire
between 10 and 12, 602 California st, room 6.
FIRST-CLASS general carriage and wagon
blacksmith. 128 Spear st.
WANTED — Amateur musicians for cavalry
band. N. G. C. Armory, 1327 Market st.
HELP WASTED — MALE. £
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S43.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE
7469 men for all parts of California. Utai.
Washington. Arizona, Oregon, Colorado, Ne-
vada, British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and office fee only ?l
And no other expenses to Reno, Nev., Dlst.
Los Angeles Dist Truekee. Dlst.
Santa Barbara Dlst ...Shasta Dlst.
Salt Lake City Dlst Crows Landing Dlst.
Santa Cruz Dist Newman Disc
Dunsmuir Dist Bakersfleld Dlst.
Soda Springs Dlst Madera Dist.
ban Luis Dlst Surf Dist.
SPECIAL TO SHASTA CO. DIST
Redding Delta Dunsmuir
and other points good wages
And other places. We ship FREtl-.-FRiiB
COME ONE. COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammerFmen,
quarrymen, 6pikers. section hands, tunnel
men. steel gangs, etc.; wages $3, $2 50. $2 25.
S2. $1 90 day and PRKE SHIPMENT
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
It costs only $1 fee: no other expenses; COME
BEE FREE FREE
MURRAY & READY. C34-63S Clay st.
A— 35 CARPENTERS to build a large flume;
26 laborers to handle hammer, etc., $30 to $J0
and found: 153 miners, gold, silver and other
mines. JW), $75 and J60 and found; 13 muck-
ers $E0
Fireman, gold mire, $C0; crowd going to
mines; 5 men to work in warehouse, $40 found;
264 laborers to work at different mines, $50,
$48. $40 and found, no experience required
YOU'LL SUIT
6 machine miners, gold mine $30
197 farm, orchard and vineyard bands, $35, $30.
$25 and found; 32 chorenven and boys; 53
harvest bands •> $2 50. $2 day and found
47 milkers and butter makers. $33. $40. $30
and, found; 63 men or boys to pick fruit
$30, $26 and found
1&7 men to work in sawmills, woods, etc.
we pay your fares'. J95. $30, ISO. $73. $60. $35,
K0. $»5, $40. $33, $30. J2C and found; 133 tle.-
mnkers nnd woodchoppers, trxils and focd
found. $2 CO to $1 cord. 13c to 10c each; woods
foreman; sawmill foreman, bo<k here; cang
edgerman, screw turner, boss \i*re; sheep
herders; men for hay presses; 37 stablemen,
hostlers, buggy washers' harness cleaners,
etc., $45, $40. $55. $30 and found: 356 laborers
and teamsters for all parts of California, $2 50.
12 25, $2. $175 day: many for city positions
and board home. MURRAY & KBADY, 634-
€2C Clay gt.
MECHANICAL HELP
2 bridge builders
Blacksmith, sawmill <~o $50 and found
25 blacksmiths, horseshoera, wood workers, I
helpers.- etc.. J2 $2 CO day to $60 and found;
wagon maker, $3 day; coremaker and other
mechanics. , MURRAY & READY, 634-6>6
Clay st. gy
A-BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPARTMENTS
20 cooks, city and country places, $30, $35.
$40 to $60 and found: first and second hand
bakers and helpers. $60. $40. $35 and $30 and
found; sausage makers, chop ami slaughter
hous>» butchers, etc.. $60, $40 and $30 and
found; laundry help and others. MURRAY &
READY. 634-63G Clay St.
A— AGAIN WE PAT YOUR FARE 365 m-n
for the sawmills and woods, no experience
required, $26 to $40 and foun(K fare paid.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 fclay Et.
A — WORKING foreman for large hay. grain
and stock ranch. California references and
experience, $50 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A — COME down and get our list of 72C3 Job3
and read our latest bulletin boards. MUK-
RAY & READY, C34-636 Clay st^
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good charcter: between the atre3
of 21 and 35 years; not less than & feet 4
inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must b« citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and epealc Englirh properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.. 530 K
St., Sacramento, Cal., or 1058 J st.,Fresno,Cal.
1
WANTED — Coal miners can secure steady Em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines cr to the company, at '
32S Montgomery St.. San FrancUco. Pan
Francisco and San Joaquin Coal Company.
WANTED— 25 harness mnkers. L. D. STONE
& CO., '417-419 Market Bt., San Francisco;
catalogue of harness or saddles a.-nt on ap-
plication.
WANTED— A good molder on Jobbing work;
union man; married preferred; to a live man
permanent Job. Variety Iron Works, Seat-
tle. Wash.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still j
runs Denver House, 217 Third Ft.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
1 TWO, first-class outside salesmen to sell auto- '
graphic registers; salary- Call between 9 and
12 a. m., PERNAU BROS., 043 Clay st. :
MEN and women to learn barber trade; small
wapes while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard Et.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply :
early Monday at 527 14th St., near Guerrero; '
Ban Francisco Construction Company.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to '
50c. 5C2 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— OEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16 <
years 'practice; Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar- '
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL Hou*e, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15o to 20c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office fur Call advertisements and
sub»rrlptions hps been established at luW \ a-
lencla st.
IIOltSKS. LIVB .STOCK. Ktc For Snlc
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving •
horses. Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to •
l.'XK) pounds; the horses can be seen now at
the Stanlford Stables, 30S-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. (Jrand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FINE family carriage horse, very stylish.
1 cheap. Call at 1067 Mission Bt., from S to
12 a. m.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY'S. 2170 Market £t. ; Castro-
et. cars !»&!•« the door.
FOR sale— 2 extra tine carriage teams. DAL- -
Z1EL, Vet Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ave. ]
FOR SALE — Nice road animal, bike buggy and
harness. Nevada Stables, 1350 Market st.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best in city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
HOUSKS To LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
NEAT house, of 6 rooms In good order; yard.
1205 Golden Gate ave.
= i
LOST AND I'UL.M).
IF tbe Chinese lady that t«ok the two rings
from my residence at 727 Washington St., Sun-
day morning about 10 o'clock, will return the
6-earat diamond ring to me Immediately no '
questions will be asked. DR. TONl. 1*O CHI. *
LOST— Bulldog; dark brindle color; crocked
tall; near on back. Return to San Francisco *
Transfer Stable, Spear St., and receive re- •*
ward.
LOST — Double-clasp Mexican carved leather '
purse, containing $40 in gold. Return to E.
E. KIMBALL, 130 Parker ave. . ;
LOST— English foxhound, black and tan. Re-
ward at 42C Pacific et. j
PASSBOOK Hlbernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety, CATHERINE MORAN; book No. 208077. :
Flnde.r please return to bank. J
LOST — A Masonic gold pin. with small dla- -
mond at top; liberal reward.- 230 Stockton «t.
MEDICAL. 1
MRS. DR. KOHL, removed to 4-4G Eddy St., the
well-known ard reliable ladles' physician;
guaranteed treatment at office, $3; home for
patients before and during confinement: con- (
eultatlon free and conlldeiitial; hours. I to 1
and 7 to 8: Sundays. 10 to 2. 445 Eddy St., be- _
tween Leavenworth and Hyde. }
DR. O. W. O'DONNELLL, the world-renowne.l .
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac- ~
ticed in- San Francisco for years; treated thou-
eands of cases successfully; treatment can be
ufed at home; consultation free. After all 1
others fall call on him. lC.3>,i>Market st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market St.: re- =
liable ladies' specialists; 3<) years' practice;
patients' private home; positive cure at of- -
rice: celebrated HINDO HERB home treat- 3
rnrat; send 5 2-cent stamps for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists. "
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with -
success; 15 years' practice in S.-K.; maternity
home; low fees. 1007H Market St., near Sixth.
MRS DR. WYEJW. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.' *
practice; home in confinement ; treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. - M. ALLEN, 1C35 Market— Ladies' special-
Ist; home -In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton, China; dls-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 740 Sacramento,cor.Keamy;advice free. -
DR. WISE (YS)— The only genuine ladles' spe-
cialist. Office, 1118 Market St.; treatment. $5.
NICE reliable home for confinement; reason-
abler 2012 Folsom st, MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls- I
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st. s '
MISCELLANEOUS FOIl SA^l
:^^__________\h
fixtures: new and sscond-hana: we alvia>a
have a aree stock of saloon outfits on hanu.
32 complete^ outfits on our floor, ready njwg.
Sixth"; write for catalogue.
a—IU'YS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
glnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
FOR sale— Fine quality sealskin eacque. suit-
able for 34 or S« bust. $S0; cost $1.-; almost
new. Box 117, Call office. «
FOR r-ale— Little Star hand ironer. gas and
gasoline burner. J10; also Tyler machine. $U.
Hox 101, Call office. .
A— rt r i0 DFRBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ularPrTce HaUeU. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FIRST-CLASS combination pool table for sale.
1330 Kentucky st. _____
ONE black and tan pup for sale; 4 old ones to
let on 713 Mission St. _______
ALL slzrs engines and boilrrs bought and sold.
K ROGI I MFG. CO.. 9 Stevenson st.
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. 516 Mlsalon.
A FINE suit. $10; dr»ss pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER, No. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter E-change, 400 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
E1HSON concert phonograph— Reduced price.
$75; concert records. $1 10. BaclgaluP'. 933 MkU
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2tl-hand. J. Burke. IZ'J Ceali?.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
MAOIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post rt.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof -Hafe. 216 California 8t.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 bacramento St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. ban Iraq.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The W>ekly Call.
]« pages. In wrapper, for mailing, fl per year^
Wl-Cti-LA.NtiOtiS HA.V1S.
WANTKD— 200 one or two-year-old heifers:
must be dairy stock and free from disease;
state particulars. Address box 12t, Call.
WANTED— A lady assistant to travel: well ed-
ucated business woman without incumbrance.
Call this week. 9A 6th nt... n?; MarKet. 8-9 p.m.
A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
WILL pay cash for a diamond. Address box
118, Call office.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton bL
IF you wish full value foryour cast-ofl clothing
rail on B. COHEN. 137 Third; tel. Black 4123.
MOSEY TO LOA?..
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16. first
floor. Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S4S Market
6t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
6S and 69, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2d mortBases. and on
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 25 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches, jewelry. W. J. IIESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old scold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny, room 3, respectable private
place to borrow on wat*h»s, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ANY amount on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal; no ccm. Rm. 81, 6 'Eddy.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101, 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exch»n«?e. 431 Calif.
ANY sum, 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro- \
tate, chattels, etc. R. C03, Examiner building.
(I. MURPHY, 6.10 Market St., solves all kinds of
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH loaned to salaried p<"ople on note without
lndorper. MORRKLL, eTO Examiner building. I
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: nocom- i
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st. ;
TO Falarl'd men without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTUL'.MENTS.
I GOOD upright; good for beginner; $65.
1 Neuman upright; rosewood case; $135.
1 Fischer upright; the genuine make; $155.
1 Sterling upright: walnut case; J2_5.
1 Vose upright: cood as new; 9275.
1 Pease upright: u?ed 6 months: $243.
1 Weber; walnut case; a great bargain.
1 Steck; large size; walnut case; a snap.
Easy payments; gilt-edge guarantee.
BRNJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-1S-M O'Farrell St.
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every trade from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers. 1
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, $6 cash. $6 per |
month; other pianos, $3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearpy and Sutter sts., Pan Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
THIS week you can get a fine solid leather
music roll In black or tan for 73c: regular
price. $1 23. Send your order to MAUVAIS'
Music House, 760 Market st.
BARGAINS at $30, $75. $1CO. $130; good pianos:
will exchange later for better ones and allow
what 13 raid. MAUVAIS 1 , 769 Market st.
DECKER & SON or Packard pianos are what
you should buy; they are best In so many
ways. MAUVAIS Music Co.. 769 Market st.
A BSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicaso Is KOHLER & CHASEiS.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
ull other musical Instruments of all grades
ar.d prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store to 933
Market Rt., between Fifth and Sixth, next to j
Hale Bros. : reduction sale will continue for
two- weeks to make room for new stock; open 1
evenings] agency for the celebrated Shonlnger I
& Behnlng planes. New York.
CLOSING out; fifteen r'^nos and organs at !
your own prices this week only. SPENCER'S, I
ISIS Market st.. above Van Ness ave.
\ NICE upright piano. useJ a few years, $100.
Room 12. Flocd building. )
PINE upright Fteinway for $250. KEEFFE'S
S33 Market st.. next to Hale's.
niE WILEY n. ALLEN CO.. 31» Post St.;
Hard— .an. Conover and other pianos.
5OHMER A CO.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Hamll-
ton pianos. 308 Post St.. opp. t?nion square.
3AROAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. 1C McAllister 5t.
*I.ArGHTER sale of pianos this week for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
!V. G. BADGER. 412 Paeramehtp Ft., agent for
Francis Bacon and Ilallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old nnd new H~
MI-LLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
>NE Steinway. 1 Chlckerlnjr. *13f>: Installments
13 to tlO: rent $2 up. HEINE'S. 13<5 Ellis Vt
DEDUCTION sale: new pianos. $T, payments;
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 2CS Post st.
orrKltKS ANJU ktUK£S TO LKT.
•O rent-Modern store; well lighted; 2_xl4o";
rent reafonablo. 32S Hayes st.
JME. Neersrard Pres. St. G^mMn~CoU^gT' 0 f
Palmistry: rends 1 to 9. 616 Oenry. nr. Jones.
PAIlT.MiHS WAjVTBD,
}Y an engineer. contrnctor. who h.i«
an office and a working outfit with
work on hand. but Wh,> wuntn t«
Btart an office in the Ulmuts which will
be more than one can handla |.» n«t\ -ntn«t>:
no one need reply who lm- not friini $1»o)
to $r>00O and can furnish refrrciir-« nml either
take charge of office or out*M* work; need
not be an enelneer, but tniiit 1.- n pmrtlcnl
man; full investigation allowed. Hot 1 1'
Call office. *'
l'lIYSICIAN'S ANU SLUGKO.X.S.
>R. CRANSTON, the great specialist, has re-
eumed practice at 120C Market, cor. Taylor:
cf flees 25 and 26: take elevator.
)R. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
10211. Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PERSOXAL3-
m^BODMafnra^oa. HOP _ E BROa .
Jtattresses and pillows made to order, re-cov-
ered and renovated; honest work guaranteed:
prices defy competition; fine upholstery.
Phone j3C9; factory. 31* and 320 Eleventh st. :
first-class cleaning and dyeing. 409 Sutter
et.. San Frac Cisco.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel U Third bt.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 ZO per nisht: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER. th* hairdresser, has but one price,
plain neat, fancy, elaborate or any kind of
balrdresslng only 2Sc. 123 Stockton St. ¦
El'ITS to order on installment?!: $1S upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
l>et ween Seventh and Eighth.
MME ADA- wonderfully gifted healer. 34
Kearny st.. room II. cures nervousness, In-
eomnia. tUtttb— . Bright' s disease, rupture.
AHLBORN Ho.'"". 319 to 323 Grant ave.— Lead-
Ins Oerman-Amerlcan hotel of San Francisco;
$1 per day and up; finest meals In city. Z^c.
LADIES' and gents' cast-ofT clothing bought &
sold. Silverman. 984 Folsom. tel. Folsom 1131.
LEDERER'S Quinttmica hair tonic ke»D9 your
hair b»autiful and glossy: 35c hot. Try It.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
S',0 Market St.. second floor, room 37.
WANTED-Oid-fashloned sliver, brass, copper
ware; curies, all descriptions. a2o Dupont st.
LEDEREK'S Foamt> Shampoo cleanses the
scalp and keeps It clean; Sc pkg; better buy it.
STJITS~to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. Examiner building, room 497. *
ALTRSDOB Egyptian Hrana
hair to lta natural color. $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothW.old gold and silver bonght:
"send postal. COLEMAX'S. 506 Kearny st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 25C6 Pacific are.,
between IMerce and Scott; phone Stelner 3331.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tne
ITnited States or Canada, one year for iu
postage paid.
riioTocnAPnic supflies.
\VE loan kodaks" free; photo supplies. Backus
ftadlo. 11 Geary ft., ground and top floors.
IU'.VL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
A~SPLENDID bargain: only $1500 for a c^S'J*
buslneya corner: houses all around; sw« 33:lx
100- NE. cor.Polnt Loboe and Eleventh avea.;
trick se— era in: all street work dona and not*
tinder charge of the Park Commissioners; lot
cost $<500. . ,
Here is a chance offered to those trader sal-
aries to make more than they save in J or I
years' salary. I can arrange for Instal.ment
loan in easy payments: the property can t*»
made to bring in Income at once, aa a KT^*'
wants the buyer to put up * & u » d , 1 " !f _! 1 , n l (1 «r *
leare. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
12300— A GREAT barsata: w*n established
buFiness and house and lot. situated on
Miralon st.. near Thirtieth; rnortrafje ot WO
can remain: payable In eairy monthly Install-
ments. BALDWIN & HO-TELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$135 BACH: level building lots, 30x120; 1 bloc.:
from electric cers: 23 minutes' rlda to City
Hall, or will exchange. Address Box 123. Call.
$700— MUST be sold at once; ow ner going to
Nome; 25:6x114; 22d st. near Doiorea: street
sewered and graded and ready for building;
good location for fiats and near car line and
In line of grood Improvements: part ca»h, if
recesnary. Apply owner. S. H. S1ITTH- 207
Montgomery st.
A GRAND CUT— ..— «_,
Sixth-st. corner; pays 8 per cent net: $33,000:
bank mortgage $20,000 at 6 percent; refused
J40 0C0 one year ago; *tor<*» and 23 rooms;
modern building; lot 41x7S feet; rents 1225.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. CG7 Market st.
j;300 MODERN 9-room house in choice location
on Waller St.. near Pierce, 1 block from
Halght-st. cars: finished with marble, steps,
frescoed ceilings, 3 wood mantels, hard-fln-
Uhed basement, etc. ; terms one-fourth cash.
balance ICO monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
i price*: plans and estimates furnished for all
I building work. CAMPRELL. 1147 Mission at.
1 FOR sale— Cheat?: 50- foot lot. ? living rooms
I and grocery store. Apply 2910 San Bruno road.
A RESIDENCE on Harrison st.. near broad-
gauce. Oakland: $.CW>. Add— -ss Hot ir.3. CaM.
REAL ESTATE COIATRT For Sa!e>
BOSS Valley house, ten rooms and outhouses.
lanre grounds with shade trees, near station;
pale or rent: alf"o acreajre tracts. — ood<vi. $_c\
J3C0 an acre. JAMES TCXSTEAP, San An-
pelmo.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
3C(X) ranches en my SALE and EXCHANT.E
list. More than all other axents In this city.
N. D. SICKELP. the land assent, 6 Geary st.
A PRINTED list. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market :
city ard country property sold and exchange *
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
JtisToCO — THREE nice cottages and one-half In-
terest In corner brick bulMIng: «!1 rented; lo-
cat»d grood town, near Sacramento: «ch.nw
for city improved or unimproved property.
Funset. S-5 Montgomery «=t.. rocms 3 an'i 4.
ROOMS FOR HOi:SEICEEPIXG.
A~FLAT~ of 4 beautiful large rooms, wide hall,
stationery tuhs. with bath, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping: hot and cold water;
gas and telephone; new house; fine view;
healthy location: In a small, private family:
no children wanted: rent reasonable. 4221
Twentieth St., rear Castra
AT 62 Second— Light housekeeping. $1 CO to $2 60
per w k. : single and double. $1 to $2 50 per wek.
EDDY. 814 — 2 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms complete for housekeeping.
I EDDY. 917— Nicely furnished sunny connecting
: housekeeping rooms; splendid location.
; ElfJHTH. 34B. nr. Market— 1 or 2 sunny front
bedrooms, with regular kitchen, furnished for
housekeeping; bath; private family.
FIRST. 305. .fust above Folsom ; S rooms for I
families, in good order, $15.
FRONT room and kitchen furnished for house-
keeping: also stngle room for gentleman. _d
Howard st.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 409— Parlor floor and
other rooms; furnished or unfurnished; pri-
vate family.
JESSIE. 339. opp. Emporium— 2 or 3 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; separate entrance.
HYDE, 410— Nicely furnished sunny suite com-
plete for housekeeping; also front basement
suite; $15.
LE ROY place. 114. off Sacramento, bet. Jones
and Leavenworth— 3 sunny housekeeping
rocms nice yard.
LEWIS. 13. off Taylor, near Post— 3 furnished
and 2 unfurnished.
MAUKET. 13C3. bet. Sth and 9th— 2 sunny con-
necting rocms; range, water, sink; $S to $19.
MISSION. 04r — 2 or 3 nice rooms; complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION, 1221: one block from new postofflce;
nicely furnished sunny connecting rooms.
OAK. 12T> — Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping:, use of laundry: $10.
SIXTH. 135— FTcnt and back parlors: suitable
for office; also rooms for light housekeeping
SVITE of 4 rooms furnished for housekeeping
322 Fifth st. •
TENTH. 2CS— Front bay-window furnished
rooms.
THIRD, 233 — Sunny furnished front room for
housekeeping: reasonable: also other rooms.
THIRD. 340-One sunny room for housekeeping;
rent !_ month. '
WEESTER 1S13, nr. Sutter^2 furnished rooms;
private family: use of kitchen if desired.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscrlpticns has been established at 1CM Va-
lcnclft Jt.
KOOM.s TO LET— Fnrn. and Inlnrn.
A RKFINKD young woman about to move into
n sunny modern fiat, central location, destrvs
¦n-ltli her; references exchanged. AddreiS
MIS8 J. __ 1319 lX-vlsadero st Aaaren*
A-URUNSWICK HOUSE, us Sixth-Rooms
20c to $1 per nlKht. $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping: open all night.
m r RNETT. 1428 Market st. (old No. 13<v»>— Fur-
nlshed mis., suites, single: also unfurnished.
EDPr. 614— Large desirable room for genf.e-
m ? n: . P . C 'f'-' <f *V'- rUnntnS watcr: bath : 'Phone;
FOLSOM. ?«:.. cor. Cth (The OHver>-Newly r Jr -
nlshfd minr.y rooms, single or suites; r«asonbl.
GEARY. 40." (The Navarre)— Elogantlv furnl.h.^i
-r" 0 ™ •-*""" or »l"Sle: traveler, acco^at^
££_£•£ 5 " 8 ~ *-}* Bant »unny parlor suUe:ptan6~
telephone: other rooms; Ught housekeeping!
GRAND • SOITTHERX. southeast corner Seventh
nn.l Mission sts.-Sunny rooms, en suite .>r
J__t_^__*_P*rlor; reading room: elevator
-WttWX_»_S_____5jjBEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Louis Luchessl to Minnie Luchessl, lot on SE
line of Howard. 212:6 NE of Twelfth street, KB
23. SE 100, SW 23:8, NW 100; gift.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association to
Joseph Hutchinscn. lot on E line of Twenty
firit street, 105 W of Noe. W 23 by S 114: $475.
Joseph and Kate K. Hutchlnson to John Hed
quist, same; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Maurice Ballin, lot on N
line nf Twenty-first street, 75 E of Alabama,
F. 25 by N 104: $10.
Edwin H. McDanlel to California Investment
end Financial Company (corporation), lot on E
line of Dolores street, 200 S of Twenty-fourth
street S 30 by E 125; also lot on NE line of
Munich and Russia streets, N 150 by E 100.
block 39. Excelsior Homestead; also lot on B
line of Munich street. 150 S of Persia. S 30C by
K I'M block 91. Excelsior Homestead: also lot
on W line of Twenty-fifth avenue. 300 S of It
street S 135 by W 240; also lot on E line of
Hoffman 41 X of Vlsltacion, N 41. E 93:6 2-3.
S 4L W 95:3 1-3, lot 2. block L Sunnyvale Home
stead; $7000.
Max?aret Miller to P. W. Rlordan, Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco, lot on
8 line of Valley street, 151:8 W of Church, W
28:S by S 114; $10. '
Salvatore Serio and Antonla Canepa to O. B.
Perotti and Adrlanl Alberto, subdivided flfty
vara lot 1497. beginning at a pola*'f*on S
line of taid lot, 91:6 E of Taylor street, E 23
by N 57:6: J10.
Helen L. Reed to Lena H. and Ella Lolor
(administratrix estate of Emma Loler, 1806 d.
i26 lot on SE line of Bryant street ; 27:6
NE of Langton, NE 25 by SE 90:6, reconvey
ance deed; $3300. •
' Builders' Contracts.
William Buchanan (owner) with August R.
Denke Jr. and E. H. Denke fcontractors), ar
chitect Alterations and additions for a
two-story frame building on E line of Laikln
street, 110 S of Jackson. 6 27:6 by E P2:«; J3S50
Bertha Morris (owner) with Hans 'Peterson
(contractor), plans by owner— All work for a
one-story and ba«ement frame building on E
line of First avenue, 100:4.63 S of McAllister
etreet, S 23:1. E 10O:0.S0, N 23. W 97:5.44, WA
788; jjsoo. »gaeg!*qriCBateBtBa^qw»^ii«jAiiu»i'
Edward McDlnncll (ovner) with Thomas F.
Mitchell (contractor and architect)— All work
for a one and one-half story cottage with base
ment on lotr. 33 and 34. block 4.' People's Home
stead Association Tract A. on Gavin street, be
tween Merrill and King; |19S0.
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
GRAND HOTEL.
H Haussman. Portland
E Walclman. Portland
J K Loree, Idaho
Mrs Loree, Idaho
A J Stager, Pa
A G Bninsman,' Ohio
Mrs Brunsman. Ohio ,
M B Fassett, Los Ans
C W Wood, L Banos
C H Falrchlld, Cal
Mrs N" E Eaton, Los A
H W'lttenberif. Ptld
H Warhauer. Or
A Lauer, N Y
J Morasne, Hllo, H l
G G Kinney, Hawaii Ii
Mrs C W Wood, d, Calj
J Berry. Fresno
Mrs Berry. Fresno
\V E Trainer, Chicago
M L May field. Cambria
C G White, Del Montel
E L Hall. Boston . (
W H Greenberg, Sacto
J McCudden, Vallejo 1
Miss McCudden, VaiJo'
W Jereslaw. Cal I
J F Condon, Xev
C H Baker, Portland
J B Minier, Chicago
R Summefneld. Reno
A W'eilhemer, Freano
Mrs H Browning. N Y
IT Bradbury, B C
F W Tlden. Iowa
!S F Balliet. Iowa
'O M Thumler. Chicago
|F B Pattle. Cal
W Andrews, S L O
W J Haldan. Sonora
C Wetmore. Suisun
T A Jeffs, Rockland
A Tenhena. Cambria
Mrs J Stocchinl. Cal
iMrs M DIepenbrock.Cal
Mastr Diepenbrock, Cal
L B Irwin. N' Y
C Menefee. Los Ans
C D Shattuck. Chso
J O Derr, Stockton
C W Stohl, Iowa
R B Burns, Los.Ang
Mrs Burns. Los Ang
A Bannamm, Los Anjj
3 B Cash, Los Ang
F Monaghan, Needles
T U Grant, Alaska
Miss E Bunston, Napa
Mrs G Smith, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL
J F Auirsbery, Bakrsfld
W H Jorden Jr. U S A
Mrs S G Fulton. Cre
Leon Hlrsch, Portland
Wm Rumsey, NY
C S Ettincer. N" Y
C F Ainsworth&w.Arizl
T Z Galvln, Pa
J O Perm and w, Vi
W E Barron&w,Fiance
Mrs B E Colvin. Los Ai
F W May. NY
F H Halstead. N Y |
F K Rule & w, Los A:
F G Smith. & w, Mlchj
J M Long, Portland, i
iA G Foster, Tacoma
jWG Gleason, Montery
|Ed SlmonH, Los An«la
!F Spranger Jr. Detroit
!A Greasley, Phlla, Pa
;F L Gray & w, Savrto
F L Laird, Phlla. Pa
S Parker, Honolulu
AN Kepiukai, Hono'lu
C B Wilson
Mrs L Llllls. N Y
R H T.urke. San Josa
«us Miller. N Y
F A Winshlp, N Y
Jno Cross. Los Angeles
F M Johnson, Denver
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W A Smith Vallejo
R Arnold,
C Roemer, S Leandro
T Russell. Fresno
C Newman. Tulare
E Rato. Modesto '
J King. L Ang [
T L Wlegand. Portlardj
Mrs Bryant. Portland I
S Hoffman, Portland
W Lewellan. Portland
A Wallace, S Jose
;A P Tuffwell. Tacoma
U A Collins, Marysville
;P Casad & w, S Joee
J RIef, Phoenix
J Kellogg, Stockton
The midweek reserve stake at Union
Coursing Park was won - yesterday by
Harlean Gladys, a youngster by St. Law
rence-Moonli&ht, and entered by T. Jones.
The winner Is a Futurity candidate and
If her exhibition of speed In yesterday's
stake is any criterion there ls.no doubt
that she will make a good showing in that
event In the deciding course with Best
Bargain Gladys assumed a lead right from
the slips and held a good five lengths to
the turn. She piled up six points and
then turned the hare to Best Bargain,
who made the kill, scoring his only points.
Throughout the stake Gladys allowed
only three points to be recorded against
her, she having got the flag from Modesty,
Rather Artful, Baby King. Twilight Jr.
and Erin's Hope in that order, with clean
scores except with Twilight Jr., who mafia
a single point.
St. Ives and his sister, Annie Lawrence,
showed In good form, as did another
youngster. Coronado. The latter dog up
set tne talent In his go with St. Ives in
the third round. Four to one was quoted
against the winner's chances. Whisky
Hill, another favorite, went wrong for the
plungers. Through favor of the hare ne
lost In a close score to Rather Artful, a
1 to 3 choice. The other short-ends which
won . were Game Cock, who beat Cora
Pearl, 5 to 3; Go On beat Cruiser, 5 to 3:
Run Amuck beat Buck, 2 to 1; St. Ives
beat Lady Gilmore, 5 to 3; -Hard Lined
beat Advance Guard, 2 to 1; Bonlta beat
Bannockburn, 2 to 1; Scotland beat Seu
Breeze in a bye, 2 to 1: Baby King beat
Jesse Moore, 2 to 1, and Beau Peep beat
Remus, 5 to 2.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's oilicial scores, follow: \*
Midweek Reserve Stake — First round: H.
Lynch's Game Cock beat Lowe & Thompsons
Cora Pearl 1S-13; II. Lynch' s Lavona beat Rus
sell, Allen & Wilron's Scotland Yet U-5: Jeff
Martenett's Bill Foster beat Russell. Allen &
Wilson's lS«»a Breeze 6-1: T. Logan's Leah beat
Lande & Gerber's Concord 7-1; J. Seggerson'a
Gold Hill l«at G. Sharman's St. Valentine 6-0;
Lowe & Thompson's Little Fullerton beat J.
McNichol's Frosty Morn 12-1; J. J. Edmonds
Go On beat J. H. AV. Muller's Cruiser 7-4;
J. Carroll's Columbia beat J. H. W, Muller's
Moonstone 3-0; J. Potter's Remus beat Bartels
Bros.' Best Brand 12-0; H. Lynch's Emma M
beat R. Doyle's. White Fern 10-8; Eugene
Caaserly's Silence beat P. C Bllck's IJeal
Glory, 12-3; N. Beggrs" Beau Peep beat H.
Lynch's Claiborne 10-7; T. Cooney's Sweet
Faverdale beat J. L. Ross' Wautagh 9-3; J.
Carroll's Bluestone b^at F. Rothman's Justice
4-0: IV. Cairn's Imperial beat D. . E. Wiley's
Buckles 12-6; Bartels Bros." Best Bargain beat
\V. Stark's Thunderbolt 4-0; Kelley & Hanley's
Baby King beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Wattle
lark 3-2; W. Creainer's Jesse Moore beat J.
Sutton'H Glen Anne 11-7; Pasha Kennels' Rather
Artful beat J. J. Edmond's Whisky Hill 5-4;
T. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat T. Cooney's
Modesty 4-0; G. Xethercott's Ruby R a bye;
J. M. Halton's Tic Tac beat J. C. Collins'
Richmond Kins 12-10; J. Keenan's Conne
mauKh beat D. Toland's Twilight Jr. 10-0:
Pasha Kennels' Run Amuck beat D. E. Wiley's
Buck 12-6; G. Sharman's St. Ives beat E. M.
Kellogg's Lady Gilmore 8-2; G. Sharman's
Annie Lawrence beat A. Beronlo's Rocklln
Belle 6-2: J. Byrne's Olympus beat H. Lynch's
Cotton Ball 16-7; D. Toland'p Hard Lines beat
P. C. Bllck's Advance Guard 12-7; H. H. Gray's
Bannockburn beat D. Ford's Bonlta 3-2; H. H.
Gray's Commander beat C. Grau's Martha
Waphinston 6-5; J. A. Klein's Coronado beat
Nethercott Bros.* No Wonder 12-4; James Car
roll's Erin's Hope beat Pasha Kennels'^Roso
Attwootl 12-2.
Spcond round— Scotland Tet, a bye; Bill
Foster bpat I^eah. 3-2? Little Fullerton b«?at
Gold Hill. 4-3; Go On beat Columbia, - 6-1;
Remus beat Emma M, 9-6; Beau Peep beat
Silrnce, 5-1: Bluestone beat Sweet Faverdale,
11-5; Best Barjjain beat Imperial. 16-10; Baby
Kin*? boat Jesse Moore, 7-5: Harlean Gladys
beat Rather Artful. S-0: Ruby R heat Tic Tac,
21-4: Twilight Jr. beat . Ran Amuck, 6-0; St.
Ives beat Olympus. S-2; -Annie Lawrence beat
i Hard Lines. 6-0; Coronado beat Bannockbura,
5-0; Erin's Hope beat Commander. S-0. . •
Third round— Bill Foster beat Scotland Tet.
12-10; LittlP Fullerton beat XJo On, 12-8: Beau
Peep beat Remus,- 7-5; Best Bargain beat Blue
stone. 10-3: Harlean Gladys beat Baby Kins,
6-0; Twilight Jr. beat Ruby R. 11-2: Coronado
beat St. Ives. 11-4; Erin's Hope beat Annie
Lawrence, 7-5.
Fourth round — Little Fullerton beat Bill
Foster, 9-4; Best Bargain beat Beau Peep. 5-0;
Hnrlean Gladys beat Twilight Jr., 5-1; Erin^s
Hope beat Coronado, 5-3.
Firth round— Best Bargain beat Little Ful
lerton, 8-1; Harlean Gladys beat Krin's Hope,
3-0.
Deciding round— Harlean Gladys beat Best
Bargain. 6-2. .
Allows but Three Points to
Be Made Against Her in
Six 'Courses.
Voung Dogs Make a Good Showing hi
the' Midweek Reserve Event
at Union Coursing
HARLEAN GLADYS
WINS THE STAKE
BY CLEVER WORK
PARIS, July 19.— The manner in which
the American athletes had been sweeping
the fields in the international games in
connection with the Paris exposition
opened the eyes of the. organizers, and
the result was shown, in the handicapping
to-day, which practically left the Ameri
cans out in the cold. * The effect upon the
Americans was demonstrated by the fact
that whereas on the previous days they
had secured four-flfths of the games, to
day out of the nine events they captured
only one first, with four seconds. and five
thirds.
The feature of the day's programme was
the twenty-five mile Marathon footrace.
The first and second prizes, valued at 500
and 250 francs respectively, were the gifts
of an American shver manufacturing com.
pany, the first being a large silver loving
cup and the second one somewhat smaller,
the company having given prizes In ths.
standing high and broad jumps.
The race, a trying one under any condi
tions, threw an exceptional strain upon
the contestants to-day owing to a blazing
sun that poured upon their heads
throughout the run, and of the thirteen
who entered only seven were able to
linish. The result was a victory for a
Frenchman, and his compatriots celebrat
ed their first and only win in the sports
with characteristic enthusiasm. French
spectators invaded the track and carried
Theatro Michel around on their shoul
ders, while the cheers resoundeii across
the grounds.
Americans Fare Badly.
The three Amjbrlcan competitors, to
whom the course was quite new and
proved a severe handicap, fared badly.
Newton made the best showing, keeping
pace with the leading batch of French
men until about twenty miles had been
covered. By this time all the weaklings
had been weeded out. Newton, who had
not been feeling well for several days,
overcome by the heat and exertion, was
now obliged to drop behind. He struggled
on pluckily to the end, but reached the
goal nearly an hour and a quarter after
the winner. By this time the spectators
imagined that all save those who had ar
rived had abandoned the race and many
went home. Newton's arrival, therefore,
passed almost unnoticed, except by the
Americans, who gave him an encourag
ing cheer as he entered the track for the
three laps which formed the conclusion
of the race. This ho did walking. Grant
and McDonald arrived a little later to
gether. Grant, who was quite done up,
dropped on the grass after passing the
finish line, and seemed to be in a fainting
condition. He received every attention
from the French and other people, who
stood over him fanning him. Finally he
recovered and wulked to the dressing
room leaning on the arm of his trainer.
Missed the Pole Vault.
Owing either to a lack of notice or to
unfamiiiarity with the language, the
Americans were barred from the contest
for the pole vault. The men were all in
costume and sitting beneath a tree about
twenty yards from the point of contest,
but the French officials called names un
known to them, and when they saw the
pole vaulting start they walked over and
attempted to compete, but were not per
mitted to take part. As the result of their
being left out, they were allowed a spe
cial scratch event. > .•
What would have happened had they
been allowed to enter the regular compe
tition can be gathered from comparison
of the results with those in the regular
event. In the former Kauser, a Hungar
ian, won with three metres 95 centimetres;
Lemmaing, a Swede, tvbs second, with 3
metres 40 centimetres, and Colett was
third with 3 metres 20 centimetres. Kau
ser's handicap of 45 centimetres gave him
the prize.
On the other hand,) in the scratch event
Horton cleared 3 metres 45 centimetres
and Dvorack 3 metres and 40 centimetres.
Fifteen Heats Required.
The'' day's programme opened with the
handicap 100 metres fiat race, for which
there were sixty-five entries, necessitat
ing fifteen trial heats.
'The semi-finals were won by Minnehan
McClain, Holland, Schubert and Pritchard
and »hese contested in the final, which
was a pretty race and full of interest.
Mlnnehan's handicap was six metres. Jlc-
Claln's three and one-half. Schubert's
one-half, Holland's four and Pritchard's
three. All got off well, but as they swept
over the turf the blue and gray of George
town's two entries were seen to be leading
safely. They finished almost abreast,
Minnehan beating ¦ his college mate.
Pritchard was third. Time, 10 4-5 seconds.
Thirty-four men entered the 800 metres
fiat race, which was contested in four
trial heats. Hayes, with a handicap of
45 metres, won the first; Lord, of Chicago
University, with a handicap of 35 metres,
was second; Cregan, with a handicap of
five metres, won the second heat; Bennet,
with a handicap of 15 metres, getting
second place. The third heat went to
Christensen, Dane, with a handicap of
15 centimetres, Mechlin*, with a handicap
of 25 metres, being second. The last heat
was captured by Hall, Brown University;
Ave, French, being serond.
Handicap Too Big.
When it came to the final a big handi
cap of 75 metres was given to Chriptensen.
which was impossible to overcome, and
he finished yards ahead, Hayes being
second and Lord third. Time, 1:52.
Second men contested the 400 metres
hurdle race, Tewksbury and Lewis of the
Americans starting, but Kraonzlein, who
was the scratch man, not starting. Im
mediately after the start it was seen that
the finish would be betjveen. the two
Americans and Pritchard of the English
team. Pritchard had the best handicap
and his load was not overcome. He won
rather handily in one minue six seconds.
Te*w-ksbury bring second and Lewis third.
PritcharcTs handicap was 15 metres,
Tewksbury's 4& and Lewis' 10. Fabre,
CharlPP, De Roa and Tnuzln. all French
men, were the other starters. Although
twenty-two men entered in the 2500 metres
steeplechase only twelve started, as the
handicaps frightened many.
The Americans and Englishmen felt
that they had no chance of winning, and
it was only at the last minute that Orton
decided to start. The two men with the
biggest handicaps were Duhnoe (German)
with 240 metres, and Kraschtll (Austrian)
with 230. These two led all the -way and
finished with the Austrian in front.
Bu&hnell of the University- of Pennsyl
vania with 175 metres handicap, was
third. Time. 7 minutes 17 2-5 seconds.
Grant was the other American in the race,
and he and Orton were too heavily handi
capped to hone to win. .
In the running high' jump handicap
Torebloem (Swede), with a handicap of
65 centimetres, was first, clearing two
metres five 'centimetres; Strauss, a Hun
garian, with 35 centimetres handicap, was
second, clearing two metres, and Reming
ton of the University of Pennsylvania
with a handicap of 20 centimetres; Goen
ezy, a Hungarian, with 25 centimetres
handicap, and Steffen. a German, with
SO centimetres handicap, tied -for third
place with 1 metre 95 centimetres.
Swede Wins. Discus Throw.
The Americans did not make a show in
the discus throw, which was won by 8o
derscom, a Swede.
In' the long jump handicap th« Ameri
cans stood a better chance" and secured a
secoml and thrrd priie. the result being
that Koppan, a Hungarian with a handi
cap of 1 metre 60 centimetres, jumped 7
metres S9',2 centimetres; McClain, 1 Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, with a handicap of
S5 centimetres, did- 7 metres 72 centime
tres; Remington, with a handicap of 20
centimetres, covered 7 metres 65 centime
tres; and Prinsteln, the .scratch man,
broke "the French record with .7 metres
25*4 centimetres. .— ..
? It is. noteworthy that PrinsteinV Jump
to-day was >even Inches better ¦ than
Kraenzleln's Sunday jump, which won the
championship, •when Prinstein stood out
owinp to niisuno'prstanrlinjr. $$yS$3&BMB|
At the close of the Marathon race the
distribution of prizes .took r place, the
American .winners being' enthusiastically
cheered, by their fellow countrymen and
also applauded by the foreigners. I
Marathon Foot B-aca Over a Distance
of Twenty-Five Miles Is Won
by a French
man.
Seconds Secured in Con
tests at Paris.
But One First and Four
HANDICAPS ARE
TOO HEAVY FOR
THE AMERICANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JULY 20, 1900.
11
aDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<J25 ItEACXTf ST. Kstaollahed
in 1*34 tor the treatment of Private
Diseaw-3, Loot Manho««l Debility or
dis«as«^eartn|ron bodyandmindand
Skin Diseases. 'I hedoctorcureswheu
others lalL Try him. Ch*rg«p low
CareagaKraateeii. CaJlorwrlta,
Or. J. *'. wfBBO.V Box i«37.«5aa VtMadaa»
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dlvld»n<J~No~ToT<n7t^
ELJLjgggllP 0^- Secretary.
••ctock a. E. H. EHELDON. SecTeUr^.
DIVIUEXD NOTICES.
I CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. Cd
. LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoo Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
\TEZK PAYS— T:30. »:0O. U:C0 a. m.; U:3S.
5:30. 1:10. *:30 p. a. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 b. m. Saturdays— Extra tries at 1:5J
and 11:31 b. to.
BUKDAI5- S:CO. 9:39. 11:00 a, m. : 1:30. t.iX
1:00. <:S) o. re.
SAK RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
DATS-6:10. T:SO. »:20. 11:10 «. m.; 12:41
f:40. S:15 9. m. Saturdays— Extra trips M
1:£3 and <:SS v. tn.
fUNOAYS- 3:10. 1:43. 11:10 a. ra.: 1:40. t-.ta.
S05. e:2i r. a.
Between Ban Francisco and Sc&uetzen ParH
wine schedule as above. .
Le*v* . I In Effect. I Arrtvw
Ban Francisco. (Apr. 15. 19C0-I San Francisco.
Week J Bun- I I Sun- j Week
Days. I days. | Destination.] da^s. | Day».
7:30 am 8:00 »rn NoratOw- 10:40 am! 1:49 am
1:30 pm »:30am Petaluma. 1:05 pm>10:23 an»
1:1) pm 8:00 prr. Santa Rosa. 7^3 pm! <:20 pra
Fulton.
T JO am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdaburr-
Lytton.
Geyservtlle.
t:iOinn 1:00 ib Cloverdale. T:35 pm <:» pm
7:«3 ami \ J Hopland I 110:25 am
1:30 pral 8:00 am[ and Ukinh. | 7:35 pral (:!0 pra
T:39am . am
S:0O am Gneraevllle. 7:33 pm
»:SC pm[ «:S>pm
f :30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 1:15 am' 8:49 axa
••and
1:10 pm 8:Co pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm' »:30 pm
T:30 am! 8:00 ami ¦ 110:40 am!10:S; am
1:30 pm| S:CO pm! Bebajtepol. I 7:S5 pm| t.ZO pm
Stages connect at Santa Rssa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphnr Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurta:'ot Lvtten for T^ytton Springs: ae
Geyservllle for SVases 5prinrs: at Cloverdalo
for the nersers: nt Hoptsn<1 for Duncan
Bprlnin, Hieniand Sprlnic». Keiaeyvtlle. Carls-
bad Springs. Sod* Bay. Ij»kencrt and Bartlett
Eprtnjs; at LTtJaii for Vichy Springs, Saratov*
Springs. Blue L ":es. Liiur'*! D-'.l Lake. Witter
6r-ln*s, Upper JjOte. Porno. Patter Valley,
Jonn Day's. Riverside. LieTler*s, BuclcneH'*.
Panhe<T tn Heights, HuHvllle. Orr'» Hot
Eprtngs. Meadnclno City. Fort Brag-?. West-
port Uial. WllHts. Laytenvlll*. Cwnmir.s.
Cell's Spriass. Harris. Olsea's. Dysr, 8cotl»
and EareSca.
Satcrday to Mends r round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday mi:nd trip tickets to til polat»
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Tick-t «'«cn, CM Market St.. ChrenleJe hUt.
H. C WDITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General Kir.«:;r. O-=. Pass. Afaat.
ilOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
¥ Lnjve San Ftanclsco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — -8. J. 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:J> p. m.
Fare SanE*ranclseotoSuromit and return. Jl *J.
KEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.
Telephone South SO.
(Successors to Flannapan A Gallagher).
DANIEL P- DONOVAN. MKr. \
FCNEBAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
* 10 Fifth Bt.. opuosit* Lincoln School.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Tt and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 1S7.
ICNERAL DIRECTORS AND EXBALKEE3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
. McAVOV Oc CO..
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
123? Market st., between 8th and 9th.
Telephone South 247.
I'HOrOSiALS.
UNIVHP.FITY OF CALDJORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to contractors, builders and material
m*-n— Notice Is hereby given to all concerned
that nejiJed proposals or bljs are solicited for
t:.» erection of a reeldence for the president
<.'. 'h*- BStrentty and for perforraing the labor
and f-;rr/.Fhir.s the materials r.-cessary there-
for. and tali \A<in or proposals will b? received
at the office of the Ilegents of the L'nlversity
cf California in the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art. corrT of Mason and California sts..
Ear. FTancisco. Cal., at cr before 12 o'clock m.
of the SOth day of July. ISO); and notice Is
hereby further given that the pl&ns and
e|x»clficatler.s nt said building have been made
%r.3 adoj)*«<J and are placed In the office of
Albert Pifsis. architect. 207 Sansome Ft.. San
Franrlfco, »here the same may be seen and
*xarr::r><i during «>ach day frcm i o'clock a.
tn ur.rll 4 o'clock p. in., from this day until
tfce ;s,;h day of July. W0». No bids or pro-
posals will be considered unlefs the fame are
accompanied by a certified check or a bona
o: Eaid rrcj>oser In the sum of ten flO) per
cer.t of his proposal, v.-ith sufficient sureties,
conditioned that. If eald bid or proposal shall
b* accepre<j the party proposing win duly pn.
t»r lr.to a proper contract to faithfully- per-
: tta the duty and obligations In accordance
with eaid prdpo**.!. and plan and rpeciflca-
UOOC. which shail l>* ar.d are hereby required
to tx» a part of such contract. The right to
reject any and all bids is hereby reserved.
'i ;.ii« iv.tif-* If given rursuant to an act «n-
t.iU4 "An K<t to amend an a^t entitled an
act to rrr-ate and organize the University of
Cmiitoroia.*' epi>ro\»-d March 25, 1SCS, and ar.
kct atr.endatory of Eiction ZZ thereof, ap-
K""l March 2*. IS.72. re'atinc to the con-
tt:u<r*ian cf buIUiBe*, approved March 3. 1S97.
By cr«W of the Committee en Grounds and
Uuilillnt* in Xiarr.f^da. <"oun,ty
..^ A. McK^ lW E2l!_* ct ' nc S «'<^' t *-T.
P ?3^ O ' < vt LS il T »r^ r<; J'*-I>«POt QuarternTalT
t«r« «ffic«^:t »Cr» Mr.nteome.ry street. San
Franelw*. Cal.. Ju'y t, Ym. Sealed proposals,
Indupncat*, win be received at this office un-
! 11 cclKk a. m. July ;l i'K», I'aciHc
Ftar..!ara titne. and t^n opened for furnish-
gr.tS0 *V*r*><* ccmslete, and extA parts.
Preference will fc e C i vca t0 cr ti t! e» o t domes-
tic production ar.d manufacture, conditions
'¦L r "ZT an ? ual 't»- being equal (Including in
Ji-CTT* S'. tr ' T^ en Production and manufac-
Sikf5& tte S? )l ana pu<:h Preference
y.iU be c:vcn to article! cf American produc-
rSJ^Zl fS"*°^5*H* rroductd on the Pacific
ar*4 Y,y the r-utlic service there. The United
Btatei mtrfM the right to accept cr reject
•;::> or all prcpohalj. or eny part thereof
Information and blank* for* proposa's
t'VI'EWKITERS A.VD SUPPLIES.
A TTPnwniTER. brand new. for J50. RE-
VALK. 4't Cs.lirorEia rt.
GREAT BABGAIJCS IN TYPEWPJTE^S— We
e*U tetter n^cliir.cs for less money than any
house in the city: rentals. S3. The Tj-pewriter
Eif hat.ee. t.ZS California, telephone Main 266.
BROOKLYN FORGING AHEAD.
The Race for Second Place Is Still
Very Close.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....46 25 .Ml Cincinnati ..35 3S .«'>
Plttsburir ...40 34 .540 Boston 32 3S .457
Philadelphia 38 34 .528 St. Louis 31 37 .456
Chicago 37 35 .514 New Tork....25 43 .370
BROOKLYN, July 19. — Brooklyn had a picnic
with Phillips to-day, making ten hits for twen- ¦
ty bases In five innings. Newton, who succeed- |
ed him, had little better success. Kennedy had
the Cincinnatls guessing for seven innings and
then grew careless. Attendance, 1100. Score:
Clubs— R - H. E.
Cincinnati 2 U 4
Brooklyn 12 1* *
Batteries— Phillips. Newton and Wood: Ken-
nedy. Kitson and McGulre. Umpire— Swart-
wood.
BOSTON, July 19.— The Bostons signalized
their return . home by winning: handily to-day.
Attendance. 1700. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston.. * f I 1
Chicago - 1 « 0
I Batteries— Willis and Sullivan; Garvln and
'Chance. Umpire— O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA. July 19.— Bemhard suc-
ceeded In keeping Pittsburg's hits scattered In
to-day's game, which accounts for Philadel-
phia's victory. Attendance. ¦ WOO. ' Score:
clubs- :-'A ¦"¦' R- h. b.
Plttsburg '.... 3 12 1
Philadelphia 4 19 1
Batteries— Leever and Zimmer; Bernhard and
DouKlass. Umpire— Emslle.
NEW YORK, July 19.— New York won from
St. Louis to-day by better all round work. At-
St. L«VJls 3 1J 1
New Yfcrk •- ¦• S 12 ,'-1
Batteries— Young and Crlger; Mercer ani
Bowerman. Umpire— Terry.
' American I#eague Games.
DETROIT. July 19.— Detroit 3, Minneapolis 4.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 19.— Indianapolis 3.
Kansas City. 2. .
BUFFALO, July 19.— Buffalo 1, Milwaukee 6.
Ryan Quits Jeffries.
CHICAGO, July 19.— Tommy Ryan de-
clared to-day that he was through for all
timo with Jim Jeffries and would never
again assist the heavyweight champion in
his training. Ryan's version of the split-
up lsthathlsjcompensatlonwastoosmall.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
MOJMKAISfliC
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at. Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailinc.
SS. AMERICA MARU. ...Friday, August 3, 19C0,
SS. HONGKONG MARU... '
¦-:'-. ..Wednesday. Ausust S3, 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU.......
Saturday, September 22, 1900
1 -Via - Honolulu. '
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. - For
freight and. passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. . ¦ . .
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
SUMMER RESORTS.
HOARD on farm; 1 hour from city; free d"riv-
i-r: pfeot7 of fruit; fare 80c. Box 51, Red-
Wood City. ¦.: 'Viii'
Buck, George
DIED.
Maben, Sallie
Barry. Nellie Marx. Samuel
B^han. James Nye. Dwight B.
Brnwn, "William P. P^den. Loui?a
Craner, Adolph P. Raubinper, Bernard
Cereda, Lorenzo Schwerln, Henry
Cot. George Sebastian!. Rev. The-
Dobert. Henry C ' od.ore
Forbes. Fannie R. Shealor. Oella
Grant. Thomas P. Blngrer, Leonard
Homer, William Treidler. Clarence
Knus, Marie M. "Whaien. Jeremiah "W.
McCartee. Dr. Darte
Bt-'CK— In this city, July 17. 1900. Oeorg*. dearly
beloved husband of Mary A. Buck, and father
of Mamie L., George E. and David J. Buck.
CCTFrienu* ir.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner" Post and Montgomery streets, under
the auspices ol Golden Gate Lodge No. 30, F.
and A. M. Interment National Cemetery,
Presidio. Please omit lowers.
BARRY— In this city. July IS. 1900. Nellie, be-
loved daughter cf James and the late Ellen
Barry and beloved sister of Mollie, Nettle
and LlllSe Barry. Mrs. W. J. Riley and the
late Tlllle Barry, a native) of San Francisco,
ared 13 years.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at ?:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. US Chatta.noot?a street, thence to Ft.
.Tames Church, where a solemn requiem high
ma«» will be celebrated for the repone of her
Foul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private, HoJy CYr*« Ometery.
BEHAN— In this city, July 19, 1900, James, be-
loved husband of the late Bridget Behan.
and father of John E.. Mary A. and Thomas
J Beban. a native of Vermont, aped 63 years.
CTFrierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fKaturday). at 8:20 o'clock, from hl« late re«l-
d<*n<-e 2W)<! Twenty-third street, thence to St.
Peter's <"hurch. vher* a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his noul
at ft o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
BROWN-In Honolulu, II. I.. May 2L 1900.
William Fpenre, beloved husband of Llbbia
H. Brown, a native of Scotland.
' jCTInterment Masonic Cemetery. Bunday,
July n. at !:K> c m.
CRANEH— In thi^city. July 18. 1300. Adolph
P Craner. beloved husband of Carollene
Craner. father of Mr«. B. Baruch. Mrs. M.
MO5es. Mrs. J. T. Burtchaell and Philip J.
Craner, and brother of Mrs. J. Morris, H.
fS-aner and 3* Craner, a native of Germany,
at" 1 74 yeara 7 months and 6 days.
tr?"The funoml will take place this day
(Friday), at 10 a. rn., from.h'.s lato residence,
€•'7 Harrison street, thence by electric car to
Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
vzny. S??0 Fil'.more et.: phone Jackson 2S1.
BKKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 752 Mission St.;
tel. Main W>— Packtne, moving: and storage.
STORAGE AND \%*AREHOISES.
WXUBOaf BROS., rtorajpe and moving; cox-ercd
var.« Tfnth nn<3 Market; phone South 762.
ootci-nsBRx rAiirio conPiXT.
Irictric tixvr.H.)
I Train* l*nt • nua mi*. «iu« m «rrlws at
mah ritmiMo.
(Xaio Una. Foot or Market Stnat.)
I lkatb - From Uat IX I3C3. — abuts
1 *7:OOa Bentcii. SnUuu, Elffilra, V»c»»C».
ItumteT »nJ S»«»mento *7il3»
1 »7iO»» Shmsta Ei^rn-D»i>. WiUl«ma(fo»
Bartlett SDrispX WiUowa, Rod
Bluff, fortfiiii. *7i«3f
, «7:3O » Wurtltie:. H vi Uimoo. Vallejo. N»f»,
C»:!»t<'C» »ml .Hant» ltou 'fl:l5»
, 'S:«Oa Di«is, Woodland. Knigbu L»a<Ua».
M^rjsti.lo. <i 1 j.i.Io.. »?il9t
: *S:OOa Atlantic r.ipmj-Ojien and Ewl *11<43«
> *>»r:i«» % flin .ln«-, LlTermuro, MtoekUq.
i I"ire. 8»er»mruto, Plaeerrlila,
¦',' Mtr;i«itle • lilci). K«.l IMuit Milir
I »*:ao» ci*,.l%l*. Cblono (for YusnatteX
Hiiinn. Ckitei*. •<»!!•»
i 'O.OO*. Vxjwit ¦!», .Nt.-s»mM7»j Htitlcai. •Il»45»
i 'SiOOt Los Ao|:!e« Exprus — Martinet.
Trier. Lathrop, tttocftton. Merced
and fc'raaoo 'ilil-lr
; 'KiJO, V.il.^.i. \Urtlu-« KQ'l W*y Btatlou* •»»: »»r
•IO:»i»« The OrerUm! Um)t««t— Oid»n, Dmrn-
rtr, Omaha. Chicago *ail3r
I •11:00* Kilr9, I.ii'rimifs, tttoekton, H»Cr»-
meat". MauUoU. lU-^ford. Vlaaii*,
Forvr»tll» MiISp
I •i«:OOm H»yw»si:». Nile* and Way fltttlon*. •»¦ l-ir
»l:«»i»p h»-i .....eu-.-> l!|»or aie.m.t* t3:OJ»
1 '3:90? lUy^vds, Xilttud Way 8Utlonj. Mji.ir
1 •Ir»i«H- 11 hi tliirr. S«n tUllMii, Vl!l»J3, '
>Ja;.a. (•«li»*oir». S»nt» lto»» 'Hill.
Mieap Oenicla, Vlnlen. BaecamaiMs,
Wn»,ll«n.l. Knilfl.t. 1 aoJlu<.
M^rj.Ti::.. Or..T.'i:« •!•»:«»»
•liS«r Nliej, San J<»»aiia StocHtoo *7:1»»
•3;i»OrT!i) On! Uirlted -Tracy. Fretno.
j}akenSel>l. -aujnfi tar Santa Dar-
hir*. tj » Ault!«. *Vi49a
•J:*8p Ftnsoo raawsnger— -Martlorl. L»tt>-
rop, dtocstoo. McrcaiL Berenda
(fUrmuodror Yoeeailte). Kie«i>o..*l«i|Sr
*3>3Or N«w )»;»ABf Etpreat— H.-vkeniialJ.
HuU IUri.«r>. I .*. Anc-les. Htm-
ing. Kl »'«o. Haw Oriaaua and
Kaat •••<••
•3itOp H.uU Pa l>u!«— Atlaiitla Szprau
for Unjtf« ami f.\'l *«>I3*
•l:»»p (Taynrd*. Nllaa atij -W.i Jmi •": II »
t«:OOi- V^lloit *I3»I»F
••iCDrOrinU! Mail— Orlen. Cbaycnna.
U^ahk. t'hinca *llt4Sa
*0i««rOri«utal M*li-t'tiaa. Dfln?»r.
Oniaba. Cbieafn *lil3»
n.OOr Vallejn. V .:tl «.'mta and War 8ta-
tluua J» = 34r
• li»»M)r-;rej.-j C*Ji;omU Mirrima.Mao.
mnienti>, Marj>i>il!a, lUMIn^,
r>wtr»>»t.- l'nt«t Mtwti..! »n,l fust 'l»l»t
. (Fo«>t ot U»Fligt3u«e.l.l
. 17(434 8aoU Cm* Escurtii'in (or Saata
Cruz ui rrladpal Wt* SUdana !»¦••»
••tia» Nawark.tVnterjIlle.Saa Joi". Helton.
Hoii'.rtarC't-Bk.S.ntaCmt «»J War
rtution* »«j»a)a<
tStiar n*watk. *:»:<>«itUI<>, e»n Josa. New
AlmtJoA, WtXton. RoqMar Craak,
8a.uCa Cm ai;<! l'rlaelpal Way
Htatlotx flo:5«*
"lil.tpN'nuk, stn.lii«. !mG>Io> "li»44
«4»l5r Oleawoo4. Faiton. H»at» C1711 ¦»:»»>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaSlii rillQlSCO-rM( tf Sar.tt Sum iSiu !)-
•7:1S 900 I1»O».H. tI:C3 *.:M t3:M
•«:03 tS:C3 ?t:S3r.n.
frta 0i tUHS — 'jii 1: ?<••< ••». — -«. 00 8:00 10:09*. M.
t»:CJ 'I::? tt S3 ; S:33 H=C3 M:33r.M.
COAST DIVISION (n.oaiH.'.nf*).
(ThlrJ iii'ii To«n»e»«l Sia)
t«il»A Ocean View, floHiii San Krancisco.. !«»»•»
»~!Ot(» Rail Jnc* ar.ii Way SUtimia (N«i* '
Almaileii ft' aitti ¦•••!»«•« 11 i:l|) *l:39r
I?:3U j Sunday EseunSoa t r Ran Joaa.
.Stnta Cnia. PaciSe Gio»* and
rrincip*l Wajr S^at.'ona ;S:33r
•»'«••« Han Juw. Tcr. fi»oa. HauU «'rus,
Paeliio Ctn>a. r»i-i Idliirt, Sau
I.nti Oliinpn. rjrtrf. Lotapoc and
Trincrpal Wa» Stntii.iia *«il«V
•10:40* San Joa« and Way Station. *H:-J5»
•ll:3(>« MauJuap,l,oaGatoaaMd\TarHti«tl<»ia *3t3»r
t«r«3r Ban Matn>, Itrdwrxxl. Menln Park.
PaJo Alto. MttntaCIan, Sjan .lm«,
Trea Plnoa. SanU <:«ui. flallnu.
Uoitlnef ami I'aeifie GroT« flOiSflA
t«:MrS»aJoi««».l W»r JJlaHuna •~<3«p
t4:l»r San Jot«».ia Principal Wajr Station* ••J:l,>*
t3:OOr8«a Jotr. [.as fli'.si and rr!!icij»l
Waydtattoot fi:O«a
*.'>:.10r SauJn»aan<l l"rtnei|>»l W*r .Station* t"»:."Wa
*A:::»r Ean Joae ami War Statfona f"«i«»»»»
«ll:4.^r San Joeea»«l tT> T »7:3t>r
A for Morniiif T tor A fteruoon.
'Daily. t i I Sunday only.
h Haturdar onlr.
• Satordar and StiihIst. t Sundav and Monda*.
ii:v,IVO MACHINES A\D SUPPLIES.
ALL Wn^ bourtt. iwla and repairing ruaran-
t»>ed. O.as. PlHir.beck. 1513 Misi=ion. nr. loth.
/XL kinds bourht. *c!d. exchang-ed. rented
-"pair!r.jr at lowest rates. 205 Fourth 6t.
MARRIED.
EROWN-PORG?LOH-In this city, July IS.
1800. by the Rev. Dr. E. Kelander, Joseph H.
Brown an>i Anna F. Dorgsloh, both of San
Francisco.
COONEY— SPENCER— In Reno. Kev.. July IS,
19P0. by the Rev. Mr. Huddeleon, W. J.
Cooney of Ber.lcia. Cal., and Ella M. Spencer
of Oakland, Cal.
CLAYBURGH-HARRIS— In this city. July 19.
1S00. by the Rev. Dr Voorsanjcer. Emanuel
P. Clnyburgh and Beckle Harris, both of San
FranciFCo.
STEINER— HEIM— In this city, July 17. 1900.
by the Rev. J. H.-Schroe<3er, Fred C. Steiner
and Bertha E. Heim.
BAD tenar.tt-ej>cted for U: collections made;
rity cr country'. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO.. 415 Montgomery ft., ro-ms 9-10; tel. SJ80.
CHEAPEST and be»t in America— The "Weekly
c»n. 16 pases, pent to any address In the
Ur.'.tM States cr Canada one year lor %U
rx>*ta<T» paid. - ¦•' --*•»'
BIRTHS— MASRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Eone authorized to have the same published.
BOSN.
HALVERSOX-In this city, July 18, 1900. to
the wife of William S. HaJverson, a daugh-
ter.
TOIJXG— In Oakland. July in, 1900, to the wife
Julias A. Youns. a won.
rvOTICE.— Th«- Fecretary of the San Francisco
rrcteFtaTit Orphan Societr herewith gives no-
tire that the following- orphan and half-or-
phan rirls trd beys have been received at the
efylun. en Haljht St.. from January 1. 1300.
. 10 Ju'.y 1. 1900: Alice C. Nelson. 10 yrs. 8
not.: VaLci- Green. 15 yr*. : Margaret S.
A'exarfler. " vrs. ? mos.; Amelia Rasmussen.
7 yr?.; R^se RafrsTJEsen, 1 yr. 9 mos.; Mabel
Gnrdfn, 9 yr». n mcs.: Helen W. Bosch. 8
yr*. 5 mos.: Florence J. Bosch. 3 yrs. S mos.:
Vivian Anderson. 7 yrs. : Edna Anderson. 2
'T*. 10 mo«. : Bosle Fmlth. 3 yrs.: Lilian
fher.V 11 yre.; Clara Shenk, » yrs.: Estella
fVr.k. 6 yrs.: Annie Shenk. I yr. 10 mog.:
Arces Kelly, 7 >ts. 6 mos. ; Florence Kelly. I
Tvm. Gecrre A. Held. 10 yr». : Duncan Mc-
I>=ar.. 7 yr». : Clarence D. Alexander. 9 yr*. 9
me*.: Robert Alexander* 2 yr». 6 mos.; Carl
Gierke. S >ti>. « mos. ; Joseph Geary. 5 yrs. 10
rrr*. ; Carl Morse. 7 yrs.: William McK. Gor-
den. 4 yrs. : George E. Bosch. 10 yrs. 2 mcs. :
Frank Bosch. 6 yr*. 6 mot. ; Charles Bosch. 2
yrs. * mo*. : Edward Anderson. 8 yrs. 9 roos. ;
Percy Frr.tth. 9 yrs. 1 rnc: Walter Fmlth. 8
yrs.:" Joseph Fmiih. 6 yrs. 11 mos:: Laurence
I"»av1s. « vrs. 9 mos. : Chester Davis. 4 yra. S
DM)*.; Phiiip Kelly. € yrs. 6 mat., and John
rri'Jj. II yrs. 7 met.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
j yesterday: » (
! Emanuel P. Clayburgh. 29. 1S10 Bu?h street
i and Iteckie Harris, 22. 1910 Powell street
i Oecrs<» Xapier. 32. Laurel, and Helen M.
j Byrcr.. 23, .-^an Jose.
' I>!wt? TrumMey. 2fi, Presidio, and Xelcie
i Mamzor. 19. 2S4S Sacramento street.
I John C. Nolan. ST. 1S4 Tehama street, and
I Margaret EL Dolnn. Yl. 612 Eddy street.
FYederlc A. Bell. 22, Oakland, and Samanda
Jakorscn. 18, Oakland.
n.arles A. BoRort, 37, city, and Clara Wil-
liamson. 80. city.
MaFFimiSiano Bersamtni,. 4S. Martinez, and
Adalgisa. t^atnbroschinl. C">. city.
William M. Copeland. 37. 204 Ellis street, and
Marr Anderson, "J>, 8U4 Lynn street.
I«adore Wood. SI. 1412 I^rkin street, and Ger-
trude Rofcenthal. 19. 610 Franklin street.
Fiiirpo Garibaldi. 31. <S4 Broadway. and
Loutfa Parenti, IS, 4 Pt. Charles place.
Eueene R. Pye. 30, Potrero, and Agnes Mc-
Clflian. 19. 306 Shotwell street.
Oeorge \V. Harris. 2«, 1111 'i Castro street
and Ivnima A. Marlsieh. 24. SI Stanley etreet
AN" Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
OAKUM) KL'ltMTCItn FOK SAL12.
OAKLAND 1IOISES TO LET.
I j: 50-i-Ro6M".upper"*flat '
i J57— Cottage and 4 acres; all In fruit.
: T-0 — Kire lljit : Bru?h st.. near Twentieth.
i • $rif»— Elejjant furr.lFhed cottage; 9 room?.
I JlS— TottaRe. on Myrtle st. ; fine condition.
I J!0^-Ooinpl#t*ljr furnished cottage, 4 rooms.
i $35 — Pine mnJ»rn house cf 9 rooms; central
i and handj- to local station.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO.,
IOCS Broadway, Oakland,
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE G'.rW Dirrctorr Orphan Asylum fives
wea that the Jollcr.-Ir.K orphan, half-orphan
UiKBdODed er.U<5ren nr.a fcundiines have
own r€c*:vp< in the crrhanate tmrn Dee*m-
»^r .-.1, l£J9, to j uce so 1?w . Marj . E j,,,.
* crt! }- " "•** * month: Ar.netta. 11 year* 3
.. .^r.'.Tit. tr ; i ilary Coa>*. 6 years: Os!e. 11 i
>«-fcrs « months, nthe!. 20 y»ars 4 months. and ,
MUit Colerr.ar.. :i y-ars I n.onth»:n;ia. Tyeiirs
* Rcwfcj ir.rt Muriel nrnn. « yram 5 months; j
Bertha. T y*mn ar.d Mabrl SlversKT. S years '
¦ Bnoths; lia IVrhans. 9 v»ar« t months: I^a i
Ro-tti. 5 ;,< t r« ' rnonth«:il»rps.ret tpractiilng.
• ? nor.:h»: Ruth Hurfcert. 3 y»j,-i 4
WOKbt; M8ii* Cllrf. 3 yean; Mary. 7 years.
Aaat*. < years, and Mar&ar-t Harridan. 2 r*ft»;
Qm^rie Donny. 7 yearn 6 month*; Mary St.
r>fr.r.'s. r yfars 4 Tnor.the: Ann 1 -, o years 19 !
months, Francle. D years 4 months, »rxl Em-
BJ» XCi»!. 4 yearo: lr*ae. 2 years. Evallne, ? i
yir». Kttf. 4 years, nr.d Marirarft Hurley S '
V'stf; Th^ivsa. 3 y«ars ar.d Sfiy Pkel'-ey, l]
*isr>: ».f«ry Hysr.. « years 1 .-r-onth: Angela j
Ar.itrvr.n. ; yesr»: Ssrmh T'Irich » years I I
rrrnth*: Ir»>r.e H-jhef. J years 4 month*; !
I.«ura Ijjr.c. 7 year? 5'month?: Err.wa J»fr*ck- !
!'f. 10 years 4 mnnths: AUc* Manheim. 9
X-ars « mcr.ths; Francis Lypns. U years J !
rr.rr.th-: Florence !¦.-?>..-. 5 years J months; j
Harry Ccleman. T \eare 10 raonths: John '¦
Kf-c>y. 3 j ears : n-.or.ths; Harry Maddox. aj
y»ar? S nentfca; Jchn Johnson. 7 years; Ches- ,
ter nore*n. « y.-ai-: Gecrce Stvertsen. 4
Vtetf 6 month*; Oecrte Trtbcn. 2 year* 2
TTink Hurit. ? years I rrcr.ths; Charles HaMti
t yrar« 6 mortha: William McCollcueh. S
Fcan ? rncsfhe; Wa'.ter O'FarreH. 1 year 3
mcr.'h?; I>ot:i« Modc«l 9 years; Harold. 4 j
y'flr*. an*? l-*dT\*^rd CT!!ne, 2 year* € months: i
TVill'arr. Harriptn. I- years 6 months: Thomas i
Kurmn, 2 y*-ar* 5 menths; V.'iUie, 3 year* S \
ir.or.tV.fc, ar.i Edward Lar.t-. 5 years: Gecr^i :
Cnrra'e*. 7 years 3 months; John t*2rich. 6 |
years 1 month: Joseph Havana, 4 year.«: TVil- |
liam Sutt. S menth*: Thoir.as McLa-jetiitn 2 '
yearn 7 n-.or.tbf; Pa -I Vaudocr, « yean 11 !
rr.cr.tris.
nOOMS WAXTED.
V.'ANTnrv— A ?mill unfurnished room; ab«ut J3
r-f-r RiTth: mar.; downtn-an. Box 124. CaJL
If you care, ask ab?ut it at 62S
Market street or Ferry D??ot
94108
FOR
THE FAST AND COMMODIOUS IRON
STEAMSHIP
(27CO tons burden— ?ffl Al.) Warner, master,
WILL POSITIVELY SAIL
TUESDAY AFTERNOON,
The 24th of July, for CAPE NOME, via Seattle.
Cap* Nome and Seattle apply to the purser.
; at Steuart ttreet wharf, or at HOBART
mrHiDIXG, a: Market St.. room i.
Pacific Coast Steamship Go.
« Steamers l.\-\ve Broa'.way
Jw wharf, San Fratcisco:
yvj^.- F*or Alaskan ports — 11 a- m..
July 20. 25. 30. August 4.
1 Change to company's steamers
r^'2^3 v&"3 Kcr Victoria. Vancouver iR
, sSt^S^^-'i! r -*- rnrt Townsend. Seattle.
f^~*EjMge^*\ Tacoma. Everett. Anacirtes
and New 'V\*hatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. m., July ?0. 2J. ZD, Auiru.5t
4. ar.d every fifth <".ay thereafter. Chansre at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. X. R'y: at Tacoma to N. P. R'y; at
Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, HumboMt Bay— 2 p. m.. July 72,
27. Auirust 1, and every fifth day thereafter.
For fianta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay- ,
ticos. Port Hanfcrd li-an Luis Obisrx>>. Oavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huenfni'. S; n Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. in.. July 22. 26. 30. August 3, and <e\try
fourth day thereafter. i
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Ilar-
ford (San Luis Oblspo>. Santa Barbara. I'ort
Los Angeles and Redor.do iLpa Angeles)— 11 a.
m. July 20. 21. 2$. August 1. "and .every fourth
day thereafter.
For Knsenada. Mardalena Bay. San Jos» an
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro«alia {
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., Tth of each j
month.
For further Information obtain company s
folders. l" i
The company reserves the right to chan*» i
steamers, sallinjc dates and hour3 of sailing \
without p'revloua notice.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
•treet ri'alacj Tfotel). ;
GOODALI. PERKINS ft CO.. Oen. Asents.
10 Market ?t..' Pan Fran»-isco. |
~ THE 0, R. & N. CO. .
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 f-irst Class lactudlng Bsrit
rAnC S3 Second Cla*-« ana Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July 22. Aue. 1 i
COLUMBIA sails July 27. Aujr. 6 ;
Short line to Walla Walla. Ppokane. Putte, !
Helena and all points In the Northwest, j
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, Oeneral Ascent. j
630 Market st..
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent s.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dispatch for
PORT CLARENGE. GAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant. Commodicuj". Fast Al Passen- i
cer Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-fire hundred tons' displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
KTMBAIJ* STEAMSHIP CO..
220 Z-Iarket at.. San Francisco.
S. S. OHIO,
FROM SAX FRAXCISCO DIRECT TO
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
On or aborit July 23d.
For passage and other particulars apply to
EMPIRE LINE. 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.. 133 POST ST.
AMERICAN LINE.
rxv Toas. Southampton, londov. pabij.
Stopping at Cherbourff. westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, '10 a, m.
St. Louis Ju!yC5'St. Paul Aurust 15
New York August S; St. Louis August 22
f^to sta:^ lin^.
r-'ew Vcr'^ crjd Antwsr-*.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark July 25; Kensington .. August 8
Westernland August 1 Araponia. August 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,.
30 Montgomery street.
COMPAONIE GENSRALE TRANSATLASTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HA\T.»PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <5^XJ^
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99, at w******
10 a. m.. from Pier <2. North River, foot nf |
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. July 26; LA j
TOURAINE August 2: L'AQUITAINE. Aurust I
9; LA BRETAGNE. August 16. First class to
Havre, JSI 50 and upward;. Second class to
Havre J"> and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round" trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way f.Huiison Building). New York. J. F.
FFUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. -", ¦?
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-eONOLtTLU.AJPIA I
AIXKI.ASU A.VD SYDNEY.
S. S. ArSTP.ALTA( Honolulu only) I
; We.lnesklay. July 15, 2 p. m. '
S. S. AIaAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Au*tralia.'U>d.. Aug. S. S p. m.
J. 0. SPK£CKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., «i« Montgamsn I
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Otice.327 Market St
i/noiano i me hathor 1 5^0 tons
KIINillllN I IKr OCTAVIA ....7CO0 tons
[\UOUIUU LUIL LUXOR 6500 tons {
; : : . ABYDOS 4000 tons |
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg. ;
via Mexican ports. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Tanls. 450O tons, sails about August 10.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st. Pier So. 7— Freight office.
327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
|FOR U. S. HAYY YARD AND YALLEJoT
Steamer "Mwnticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Fat. at 9:45 |
a. m. : 3:15. 8:30 p. m. <er. Thurs. nlsht); Fri- j
days.'l P. m. and 3:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8 I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, !
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 13M. -
FAP>E 50c.
' RATLflOAD TBAVEL.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
. Commencing April 22. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYSt-7:00, »S:30. »:30, 11:00 «. m.: :
12:43, •!:«, 3:15. 4:15. "S:!!. 8:13. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa i
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesday*, . Saturday* «
and Sundays at 0:CO and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAyfl-T:0O. *S:CO. »9:00, *10:0O 11:00. ll:Ja •
a. m.; VIM. v •!:». t:30, "3:45., 6:00. «:00. V£»
p. m. < ¦ '
11:00 a. m. doea not ran to San Rafael Sua< !
Trains marked (•) run to San Qaentln. i
FROM SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. '¦
WEEK DAYS-r6:33. »«:30. 7:£0. 8:4O. - 'lQ-.U «.¦
bj.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. »S:JO. 4:30. 5:30 p. ro.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday.
and Saturdays at *«:4S «nd 19:29 p. na.
SL T NDAYS-6:1S. •8:00. •»:», '11:00a. m. : •12'0a
m.: l:C0. t:15. »3:J0. 4:30. *i:U. «:4J» T:20. 1O:M
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start fronvS«n Qnentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SA>T FRANCISCO. ~
WEEK DAYS-5:E3. «:4i 8:C0. «:53. 10:M i£ !
m.l 12:55. 1:45. 2:43. J^0. 1:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesday* !
and Saturdays at' 7:10 and 10:20 p. 'm. • i
SUNDAYS— 8:33. 8:05. 10:C.">. 11:10 a. m. : 12-15.
1:10. 2:30.- *:45. 4:K>. 6:15. 7:05. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:C0 a- m. week days— Tazadero and way sta-
tions. •
MS p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way »ta- )
tlors. ~ •
8:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturday* cxceptiJ)—
Folnt Reyes »nd way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Casadero and war sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes asd war
•ntiQcs.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL INSTATES.
J3550 "WILL buy a new flrst^ass~house~oT~i
rooms and bath; between the railroads; terms.
Owner and builder. J. H. YOUNG. 1143
Tark et.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAI. ESTATE.
8300; ON INSTALLMENTS. COST $3000.
Xew home of 6 rooms, bath, conservatory.
basomTt -an*! nil modern improvements; lot 50
xl«0 feet <note the size), with open lawn, gravel
driveway, rtor.e walk"; good substantial barn;
fruit trees, etc.; rents for $17 r>0 per month;
owner Is awny; nicest locality, near Grove el. ;
all ftrvrt work done; a regular home place; all
In gcxvl condition; chances like this are scarce:
look into this at ence if you want to buy; no
mortgage r-ri tnls property; easy monthly pay-
ments or a liberal discount for a quick cash
sale. Call or writ*.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN" & CO..
1C0S Broadway. Oakland.
J!£O CASH; $15 monthly till r-ald for: 14-story
nifwJcrn cottage of 6 rooms, porcelain bath and
toilet finishing*, sanitary plumbingr; large
pantry w.J plenty of closets; large and deep
let, all fenced; chicken-run and out-
houFes; city wator and sewer; situated on
l'eralta svp.. FndtvaJe, adjoining East Oak-
land; 1 blc/k from 2 electric car lines and 10
minutes' walk to S. P. steam local cars; close
fj two ftr,« rubllo schools; grand view; no
few nor colJ winfls here; price; all told, 51S0O.
Call cr senii for circular, 455 Seventh St., Oak-
land; carriage free. II. Z. JONES. Owner.
«:-00— COST $2500. s •
Finfr oottase, 5 room?, bsth; first-class order;
hifh basement, cmeni walk; street work com-
jilete; - blnc'.is from local train; cicse to cars,
schools and business center: genuine snap; first
ccrap, first served; t»rms.
J. S. MEYERS.
. 10C2 Broadway, Oakland.
San I'abl.T ave. and 2oth «t. ; Colonial house. 7
tnuim; ver>- neat In every rartirular: double
parlors; vinique dt-s-ifri-.s !n ftniyh; up-to-date;
nothing lackir.g: see it; Its location to business
center make* it very'desirable; terms easy.
» J. S. MTERS.
1°C2 Uroadway. Oakland.
BOOMS A!\D nOAXlD.
A SPECIAL offer to teachers; ejceeptlonally^n
tractive Interior and table, y- California^ t.
I-AS TALMAS. l*to Ilark7f ft.-SuIte of 2 or 3
rrr.f.; private; bath; sin. rras.; board optional.
A VTEEJPB r.cws fcr 5 cer.ts-The Weekly Call
>t I-*.?*', in wrtppfr. for mailing. <l per year.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
sub*<-Tipt;<.r.s has been estaUiFh^d nt 1<*S Va-
The Santa F; Train takes tne Oil
iVktn ou: of town at 8 P. M. and Iznis
them at BaksrsfisIJ at 7:30 next
mcrninj.
Oil Men
atBakersfield
f-AClUMFrxTO. 64^-Xeat furnished rooms:
private family; Si and upurar.l.
5-HYKNT1I. 3 nice furnished front rooms,
private family. 14. $5. JT; f-uitable for la<3ie*.
H?nnM AN" Apartment House. K Klghth'sl..
i"^ M a rket— I-*urntr-h«»d or unfurnlsnPd.
THE OAKS. US Thlrd-A rood roor^ng house
:or good peof.le. It. HUGHES, proprietor.
moMl^qns pan sjnpuissiws.-.rw aHUISSVlD
V^^'-V^ Jlous^.SlSar.d 221 Ellis st.-noomi?
r *7 i ' > w L> H i? r?K - S K1!is «.-Incandescpi,t
IiRlit. rtarfiriR room, itmoktna; room ana ladie=-
parlor; rocn:*. ix-r tii^ht. Sic to }1 CO: weolc. SI
H> %K nnnTh. fS to G9; eleva'tor on office floor-
rooms with hot and coM watf-r: baths
¦ • KAKHELL, 2*-Sunr.y furnished rooms and
1 I'!.—!' _***'* r - t »r. electri.' lights; day, *k., mo.
; ¦ i*.\ i.l.i... i;i— Llcht. clean rm«.; suites cr sin-
g'.e: trans ient: running water: rat<-« reduced.
\> VIC. :r.--LarKP «unny front rm.. closet range
:urnl:hea for hcus»kwrlng. $9; emaller rm..S«!
KAILROAD TBAVEL.
NINTH. 1R>— Sunny fror.t room to let: ?5 per
' -.rt.'i: prtratt txsxny.
CEREDA— In the City and County Hospital,
July 19, 1900, Jjorenio Cereda, a native of
Switzerland, aged 31 years and 15 days.
COX— At Mare Island, July 19, 1900, George
Cox, brother of Joseph G., Walter, Louise and
Mattle Cox and Mrs. W. S. Mercer, a native
of San Francisco, aieed 22 years and 1 month.
C7"The services will be held to-morrow
(Saturday), nt 10 o'clock, at the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 0:5 Mission street. Interment
private.
DOEKItT— In this city. July 17, 1900, Henry
C. Dobert, beloved husband of Katharlna
Dobert, and father of Henry C. and 'Willie A.
Dobert, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
43 ye8rs 3 months and 3 days.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:20 o'clock, frcm the parlors of
OharWs J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street,
thencv to 413 Sutter street, where services will
b« held, commencing at 10 o'clock, thence to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriages for cre-
j niatlon.
FORBES— In this city. July IS. 1S0O, Fannie H.
Forbes, beloved daughter of Ruth and the late
J. E. Sell»ck. a native of California.
(CFuneral this day (Friday), at 10:15
o'clock, from her late residence, 70S Gough
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GRANT— In this city. July 19, 1SO0. Thomas
Patrick, beloved son of Thomas and Nellie
Orant. brother of Mamie E. and Joseph V.
Grant, and nephew of Mrs. J. K'rby and Ka-
tie Brandon, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 4 months and 2 days.
HORXEIt— In this city. Julv 19, 1S00. William
Homer, a native of New York, aged 43 years.
KNUS— In this city, July 19. 1900. Marie Ma-
tilda Knus, dearly beloved daughter of Charles
and Annii Knus. and beloved sister of Al-
vina. Charlie. John. Otto and the late Henry
Allan Knus. a native of Finland, aped 22
years 5 months and 22 days.
McCARTEE— In this city. July 17, 1900. Dr.
Davle Bethune McCartee. a native of Penn-
sylvania, late of 'the Imperial University of
Japan, aged SO years 8 months and 4 days.
MABEX-In this city, July 13. 1900. Sallie. be-
loved wife of Samuel Maben. dauphter of
Michael Burke, and sister of William and
Lizzie Burke and Mrs. Thomas Farrell. a na-
tive of Washington, E>. C. ared 32 years.
MAHX-In this city. July 17, 1900. Samuel, be-
loved Bon of Flora and the late Samuel Marx,
and brother of Mrs. J. M. Rothchlld, Mrs. S.
Friedenrleh and Henry. Ralph E. and Mel-
ville Marx, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 j-ears. -
C^ Funeral this day (Friday), at IP
o'clock, from the residence of Mr. J. M. Roth-
child 3700 Broadway, thence by 11:30 o'clock
train to Home of Peace Cemetery.
NYE-ln this city, July lg. 1900. Dwl^ht B.;
beloved husband of the late Annie M. Nye.
and father of F. D. and W. B. Nye,. a native
cf Masfachusetts, aged 63 years and 11
months. (Massachusetts papers olease copy.?
C?- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dav
(Frtday), at 1:30 o'clock, from, the residence
of his sen, F. D. Nye, 62 Prosper street, off
Sixteenth, between Sanchez and Noe. Inter-
ment private.
PEUEX- In this city. July IS. 1900. Louisa,
dejyly beloved daughter of William J. and
the late Jane T. Peden, and sister of George
T. and William J. Peden Jr. and Mrs. Neil
Cameron, a native of. San Francisco, aged 2S
y»ars.
C^" Funeral services will be held this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of Hal-
sted & Co., 015 Mission street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
RAIT.1NGER— In this city. July 19. 1900, Ber-
nard Uaubineer, beloved husband of Mary
Raubinger, and father of Frank and Carl
Kaubinger and Mrs. P. L. White, a native of
Baden Germany, aged 65 years 6 months and
10 day*.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Sli',;. Lombard street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
ECHWERI.V- At rest, in this city. July I 1 ?. 1900,
Henry Sohwerln. 'learly beloved father cf
Henry. Tr.eodnr, A<lolph and Edward Schwer-
in, Mrs. D. Dennlson, Mrs. Max fc'chnutcn-
hsus. Mrs. J. Blobt and Mrs. F. W. Meyer, a
natlvo cf Hanover. Germany, aged 75 years
ET'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at/l o'clock, from hi* late resi-
dence, Visitacion Valley. Interment private.
SEUASTIANI-In this city. July IS. 1000. Rev.
Theodore Sebastian!. S. J.. a native of Cin-
. clnnatl. aged 41 years.
ETThe funeral Ferviees will take place
this day (Friday), at S o'clock, at St. Igna-
tius College. Interment at Santa Clara, by
10:50 o'clock train from Twenty-fifth and Va-
lencia streets.
SHF.ALOR— In Sutter Creek, Cal., July 14, 1900.
Celia. beloved wife of Robert Rhealor. and
daughter of the late Mary and George Pren-
dergast, a native of Virsinia City. Xev., aged
19 years 11 months and 1 day. (Virginia City
and Butte, Mont., papers please copy).
SINGER— In South San Francisco, July IS.
1900. Leonard Sinfrer. beloved husband of
Dorothea Slnse-r. a native of Germany, aged
76 years C months and 5 days.
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mcrrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gentn?r A- Guntz Undertaking Company.
1209 Mission street. between Eighth and
Xinth, thence to All Hallows' Church. Six-
teenth avenue and N street South, for serv-
ices, commencing' at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRE1DLER-In this city. July 19. 1900. Clar-
ence Treidler. beloved eon of Oscar and Julian
Treidler, and brother of Adolph. Edmond and
Julian Trtidler, a native of Leadvjlle, Colo.,
aged 12 years I months and 7 days.
WHALEN-An anniversary requiem hlRh mass
will be offered this day (Friday), at 3
""clock, at St. Brendan's Church, corner of
Harrlbon. and Fremont streets, for the repose
of the soul of Jeremiah W. Whalen. Friends
and acquaintances are invited to attend.
VOOMS TO LET-Pam. and Unfarn.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
CREMATION.
Odd Felloes' Cemetery Association,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION havlnc a presiding ofBcer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
pe- receptacle for the ashes and orsan services
Is $30 The same for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Superintendent.Will Be Buried at the Presidio,
The remains of Private Cardlnell, late
of Company; F, First California Infantry,
U. S. ,V.. will be interred In the National
cemetery at the Presidio on Sunday, next.
All, ex-members of the company are re
spectfully, requested to be present at the
Y. M. C. A. building ; tn the Presidio at
2:30 p. Mn. of that day.* Company F. First
Infantry Regiment, N.G. C, will ¦: take
charge of the funeral.
DEWEY DECLINES.
'. . .¦ ¦' Anti -Imperialists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Refuses to Become Candidate of the
WASHINGTON, July 19. — Admiral
Deweysays he Is out -of politics and he
declines to discuss or , even consider the
suggestion that he might have the presi
dential nomination at the hands of those
who refuse to accept either McKinley or
Bryan. ; ¦
Admiral Dewey spent the greater part
oi to-day In this city and several of. his
friends mentioned the favorable manner
in which his name was received at the
meeting of • Antl-Imperlallstsheld In New
York last night. . He dismissed the subject
by saying he could not; subscribe to the
views of some of the participants in that
gathering. -• v\*i3gjtaMB
CLARK EXPECTS TO BE
RETURNED TO THE SENATE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i LOS ANGELES^July 19.— Former United
States Senator W.' A. Clark of Montana,
who has been visiting his aged mother In
this city and inspecting his sugar factory
at Alamltos, in company with his brother.
J. Ross Clark, has returned to New York
Instead of going to his home in Butte City.
Ho will not pass his vacation in this coun
try, but will sail for Europe on July 28.
This determination to absent himself is
tantamount to a belief that no extra ses
sion is now anticipated. . .
"I am. absolutely certain of a triumph in
Montana at the ensuing election," Mr.
Clark said, "and I expect to present my
self at Washington next March with cre
dentials as a United States Senator that
will be respected. -This means, that Mon
tana will be Democratic."
Mr. Clark said he was at a loss to ac
count for the rumor that he would gjve
$1,000,000 toward Bryan's campaign. His
personal contribution to the Democratic
campaign committee will be In the neigh
borhood of $50,000.
Nothing has happened to lessen the bit
ter enmity that exists between Marcus
Daly and Senator Clark.- The fact of
Clark reducing the hours and raising the
pay of the men in his mines will, it is
asserted by his friends, prove a heavy
; blow to the Anaconda king. The differ
ence in money, If Daly follows his pace,
represents a big percentage of his income.
This Clark can stand, as he need not share
the profits, with stockholders In his mines
and has more copper ore in sight than he
can smelt if he lives to be a centenarian.
Thomas J. Conroy was appointed Pacific
Coast manager of the insurance depart
ment of Balfour. Guthrie & Co. yesterday.
There are four companies included in the
department— the Manchester, Caledonia,
American of New Jersey and American
of New York. Mr. Conroy has been act
ing as the assistant manager for some
time, L. B. Edwards, the former man
ager, having retired. George Brooks, who
has been the city agent of the four com
panies, was made assistant manager. The
changes, which amounted to a reorgani
zation of the department, were directed
by G. S. P.. Young of New York, who had
author'.ty from the four companies named
to act as he saw fit. The new order or
things took effect at once. All the parties
concerned say that there was no motive
but business considerations.
Thomas J. Conroy, the new manager, has
been connected with the insurance busi
ness in San Fuanclsco over two score
vears. His first position was with the
Manhattan, in 1879. After a time he made
a connection with the Fireman's Fund
Insurance Company. Then for twelve
years he was assistant manager of the
Board of Fire Underwriters of the Pacific
Next he was special agent of the Hart
ford, traveling for three years In the
States of the Northwest. He was appoint
ed assistant manager of the Insurance de
partment of Balfour, Guthrie & Co. in
January, 1§98, and joint manager last
March. His rise has been rapid. George
Brooks, the new assistant manager, was
formerly city agent for the London and
Lancashire. He has been with the Bal
four-Guthrle agency only a comparatively
short time.
The changes occasioned a buzz among
the Insurance men yesterday when news
of the appointments and also of the retire
ment of Mr. Edwards was made known.
During the past' two years the insurance
Interests of the coast have been carefully
studied by Eastern officials. At one time
the respective presidents of all four com
panies in Balfour. Guthrie & Co.'s Insur
ance department were here to look things
over. Mr. Edwards will retain connection
with the same companies, acting in an
other capacity.
Conroy Succeeds L. B. Ed
wards, Representing
Four Companies.
HEW INSURANCE
MANAGER NAMED
FOR THE COAST
A RUFFIANLY attempt waa made
at 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon
to seize and capture the official
roll of the Forty-fourth District
Republican Club. In the struggle
for possession of the document the roll
was torn In two pieces. L. A- Rea, execu
tive committeeman of the Republican
County Committee and president of the
Forty-fourth District official club, gives
this account of the. raid:
"I was In my office at 1318-1320 3tockton
street conferring with several gentlemen
from Fresno In regard to the establish
ment of an oil company, when my clerk
called me out, saying some one wanted to
see me. » _ .
"I went to the door and saw that Mar«
tin McUowan. Morris Bushway and James
J. Cunningham were there. McGowan
said he believed that the roll was stuffed.
I called him into tha rear room and pro
duced the roll to show him that the en
rollment was fair and regular throughout.
Suddenly he put both hands against my
breast, pushed me over and Instantly
seized the roll. He passed the roll quickly
to Bushway, who Instantly handed It to
Cunningham. At once Cunningham start
ed to run at full speed down tne street.
"The purpose of the visit dawned on m©
at once. 1 recovered my balance, threw
McOowan aside and gave chase to Cun
ningham. I overhauled him in front of a
furniture store and landed him in the
midst of a pile of furniture. Before
seizing the roll to retake it 1 demanded
Its return, but Cunningham would not re
linquish his hold. There was then a gen
eral mix-up. I wrested the roll from his
grasp. Meanwhile McGowan and Bush
way came to his assistance and a large
throng of people from neighboring stores
and houses came out to help me. I got
the roll and gave the ruffians my opinion
of their conduct and the acts of the bosses
who sent them to do the work."
In reporting the affair to the County
Committee last night the president of the
club did not hesitate to express the opinion
that the rounders who sought to seize the
roll got their instructions trom Kelly and
Crimmins. The roll- contains the names
of 600 voters, hence the bosses of the Mint
saloon are anxious to get possession of it.
When political bosses of the Kclly-Crim
mins ilk see defeat staring them in the
face they do not scruple at smashing a
ballot box or stealing a club roll.
The Forty-third District Republican
Club held a large and enthusiastic meet
ing last evening at California Hall. 620
Bush street. J. D. Hart presided and
Fred Tobelmann acted as secretary. The
meeting was a representative one and
harmonious throughout. Many old resi
dents and property owners were present
and took a keen interest In the proceed
ings. Speeches were made by T. IC Kase.
S. H. Scott. Dawson Mayer, J. George
Boyne, F. P. Shibeley, W. C. R. Smith.
Dr. T. H. Morris and others. The follow
ing delegates were chosen to represent the
club In the three conventions:
State Convention— Captain Robert Wleneke.
W. C. R. Smith. W. E. Bridge. A. O. Plan.
James Klopenstein. Carl Jacobsen. John P.
Fraser.
Congressional Convention— John Leinhardt.
John A. Ramon, Fred Tobelmann, Ed Mc-
LauRhlln. E. S. Strauss, S. H. Scott. Mel
Vogel.
County Convention — J. Georgre Boyne. Daw
son Mayer, Frank P. Shibeley, Thomas K.
Kase. Dr. T. II. Morris. A. Kaskell, Dr.
Franklin Pancoast. I. Ellas. George H. Wil
liams. Antonla Podesto, J. H. Harney. James
D. Hart. . .
The club adjourned to the call of the
chair, with cheers for McKinley and
Roosevelt and Congressman Julius Kahn
and the anti-boss ticket. This Is the regu
lar club, organized a year ago as the
Grand Hotel anti-boss, antl-Crimmlns and
Kelly organization.
The Bear Republican Club held its reg
ular weekly, meeting last night at 121
Eddy street. Congressman Julius Kahn
addressed the meeting and scored the
Tammany leaders of New York for their
connection with the great ice trust. The
club Is taking a deep interest In the drill
corps. Two companies under the direc
tion of George Meihling and C. B. Kneer
are drilling nightly at B'nal B'rith Hall.
There was a rousing meeting of the Re
publicans of the Thirty-ninth Assembly
District at Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary street.
Wednesday night. The members of the
Central Republican Club desire it- to be
known that there is no boss holding the
lines or directing the course of the club
or its members. It has 323 members on
its roll, and its motto, is for the Republi
can ticket from first to last.
DEMOCRATS ORGANIZE CLUBS.
Permanent organization of the Bryan
and Stevenson clubs of the various As
sembly districts of the city was effected
last night, in accordance with the plan of
the County Central Committee. In most
of the districts the tickets supported by
the temporary officers appointed by the
organization committee of the County
Central Committee were elected with lit
tle or no opposition, but In a few club or
ganization had been effected prior to the
work of the County Committee, and some
confusion resulted.
In the Thirty-llrst Assembly District
particularly there was a spirited contest,
that threatened to end in a Donnybrook
fair melee. The friends of Tim Treacy.
who is a candidate for nomination for
State Senator, had organized early and
felt aggrieved at the plan of organization
emanating from the Ccunty Central Com
mittee. However, they put a ticket in the
field and attempted to capture the regular
club.
The meeting was held at Teutonia Hall,
1320 Howard street. After the polls were
closed a burly partisan of the regular or
ganization precipitated a row by Insisting
on casting his vote. In a moment the lit
tle platform was crowded with excited
men crowning, shouting and gesticulating
wildly. During the rumpus some of the
Treacy partisans tried to steal the ballot
box. Sergeant "Wolf nnd a squad of po
licemen held the ballot-box kopje against
the surging crowd.
TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
The Twenty-eighth Assembly District
Club met at Armory Hall, corner of Sec
ond and Folsom streets, and elected the
following officers: '.';-*
J. D. Maxwell, president; E. Lacy, vice presi
dent; Lawrence Hoey. secretary; A. Olsen,
corresponding secretary; J. McNamara. treas
urer.
TWENTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
One of the largest meetings was held In
the Twenty-ninth . Assembly District, at
S24 Howard street. The club has an enroll
ment of 4SS. Resolutions were passed in
dorsing Joseph Plunkett for Senator from
: the Seventeenth Senatorial District and
Thomas J. Horan for Assemblyman from
the Twenty-ninth District. The following
club officers were elected:
J. J. Sweeney, president: W. H. Zander.
Thomas Finn and M. J. Brandon, vice presi
dents; J. J. Lynch, recording secretary; Joseph
I.' Lawless, corresponding secretary; P. H.
Gallagher, financial secretary; James A. Col
leton, treasurer.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
The Bryan and Stevenson Club organ
ized in the Thirtieth District by electing
the following officers:
Hamilton H. Plant, president: Charles Me-
Menomey. first vice president; John Drlscoll.
second vice president; Frank Kenny, secretary;
Eucene H.innon, assistant secretary, and
George T. Fitzgerald, treasurer.
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
! The regular ticket was. elected by the
Thirty-first District Club, as follows:
.Nicholas Morrlssey. president: Oscar Hocks.,
vice president; 'William Cannon, recording sec
retary; Joseph Goger, financial secretary: M. ,
Twomey, treasurer.
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
The officers elected by the Thirty
second District Club at 532 Third street
were as follows:
Richard Galvally, president; William J.
Dwyer, vice president; Charles *M. Troppman,
secretary-
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
The members of the Thirty-sixth As
sembly District Democratic Club met in
Rolando's Hall. Twenty-eighth and
Church streets, and elected the following
officers:
: ' J. T. Fennell. president: E. B. Carr. vice
president; James H. McCormack, recording sec
retary; John .E. Hill, financial secretary; Max
Popper, , treasurer; Daniel Curtln, sergeant at
arms. :
• The chairman was Instructed to appoint
a committee of three from each precinct
I was sent for. Conroy's relative, whose
name is Johnson, hunted me up and
peremptorily oraered me to appear be
fore Conroy and adjust 'matters. I had
had enough of Conroy and refused to obey
the command. Johnson then pleaded with
me to meet Conroy regarding the matter,
but I refused. I have witnesses to bear
out my position in this matter and I do
not propose to be caught in a trap. Hence
I will remain away from Eddie Conroy's
office and see the game through to the
finish.
Says Pass "Was Given Him.
"He says he never spoke over fifty
words to me in his life. This is palpably
false on its face. I can prove that in one
instance he secured me a. pass to Los
Angeles, and such favors are not gen
erally conferred upon those whose friend
ship has been clinched with a conversa
tion Involving the exchange of but fifty
words. He knows why he secured me
the pass and so do my witnesses. I feel
secure in the strength of my own position
and will await results. My witnesses are
ready and hence I do not fear that he
will force me to produce them in an ac
tion at law or other official Investigation,
for he is aware that the truth cannot ue
beaten down even by one in the exalted
position he now occupies."
The only man who came at all near set
ting his money back was Peter'Dann. He
was going to Everts, up the coast, on a
job, and he called on "Wilbur, and told him
he was going away. lie asked Wilbur to
give him his money back and offered fio
to Wilbur as an inducement to get it for
him. Wilbur told him he had paid the
money over to Conroy and could not give
it back. He said he would if he could, and
he would not accept anything for It, but it
had passed out of his hands. Wilbur told
one man he was going to got the last $25
note of each man for his share in the deal,
and he tout another that 5 per cent was all
he was going to get. It had probcibly
dwlndlod from the former to the latter
figure in the interim. His present esti
mate of his share is still lower.
Burns' Employe
Claims He Is
Innocent.
to aasozno tho management of taa *a*n
palgn. ,„'•¦.;
THIRTT-SK V KSTTH ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
The Democrats of the Thirty-seveath
District met and organized a Bryan ar.d
Stevenson Club, with tba following of-
J. C. Nealcm, president; Thomas W Bnrka.
Tlce president; William M. Magulru, recording
.ecretary; JNF. Sullivan. Mi^pondteTSeJS!
tary. and Edward F. Franks, treasurer
THIRTY-NIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
The Democrata of the Thirty-ninth Aa-
Sem , bl Z, D J Strl £J reveI la « wo clubs,, one lor
ganUed by order of th« County Commit
tee and the other organized some tlma
ago by Clltus Harbour. State Central
fojnjn "teeman. The member^ the 2
former, and as a result call themaaivM
the Indeoendent Democrats. C^rTuret
were made to the County CommUte^a-ah!
W f h l>H wf 0 re £* te< k and at th9 meeting
&JPZjj$%??? eTlt CTub at Saratoga Hall
last evening it was decided that any
proposition savoring of consolidation must
emanate from the other club. The officers
and committees of the Independent
Bryan and Stevenson Club are as follows:
James F. Ford, president; C Coehak* and Ab«
Jacobs, vice presidents; J-rss a. Galiaad. re
cording secretary; Albert Roach, financial Bec
retary; Dr. O. W. Leek, treasurer, and John
Shinkwln. sergeant at arms. C. C. Levy John
Moran and I. J. Sanders ware appointed a
finance committee; J. J. Kaux, H. Blaney and
Dr. A. McGHI a committee on resolutions- Ed
ward Burlfe. M. Hendy and C I. For! a com
mittee on naturalization and registration
Twenty-four members of the dub, named by
the different voting precincts, and six members
appointed by the chair, will serve as a cam
paign committee. The meeting was &d Jressed
by Walter Gallagher. Clltus BaVbour, C. Ea«l
man, W. F. Boyer and W. N. Battersbr.
The members of the so-called regular
club of the district met in Turn Verela
Hall and elected officers as follows:
President. Dr. J. S. Potts; vice presidents.
Dr. Washington Dodga. Saul Uacner and Dr.
A. A. d'Ancona; secretary, J. C Quinlaa;
treasurer. Walter Thoxnpaon; financial secr»>
tary. Edward Russell.
The following committees •were appointed:
Permanent organization — J. 3. Wardell. Joseph
Syle, Charles O'Malley Cosgrave; executive-—
Joseph Seye, Lee Barnett. Edward Healey, W.
W. McXalr. Lewis H. Ward. Jere V. Coffey,
Charles L. Dodge; campaign — W. Wedemeyer,
VT. H. McCarthy, William Luboach. W. T.
Kearr.s. John Smyth, John HaUmer, Charles
Cllalley Cosgrave.
The club will meet at Saratoga Hall nest
"Wednesday night at 8 o'clock.
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
The Bryan and Stevenson Club of th*
Fortieth District formed a permanent or
ganization last evening at Franklin Hall
and elected the following officers:
R. C. O'Connor, president; Louis P. Samuels,
vice president- F. J. Rlordan. recording secre
tary; George P. Harvey, corresponding secre
tary; Joseph Farrell, treasurer. Th« fin&nca
committee Is as follows: Milton Chornskl. J.
H. Vernon, A. J. Carmany, George A. Connolly
and Gecrge A. Pritchard. Speeches wer» made
by M. C. Hassett. Eugene Deuprey. G. A. Con.
nully. Louis T. Samuels. Sidney Vaa Wyck and
1... M. Manzer.
FORTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
The Forty-second District Democrats
organized with the following officers:
President. Louis de F. Bartlett; vice presi
denta, Bernard Angonett, E. J. Reynolds; re
cording secretary. James P. Hayes; treasurer,
!-• J- Kelly. A canvassing committee was ap
pointed as follows: E. J. Reynolds, J. J. Sul
livan. Martin Flaherty, John Cramer, Jacob
Conn. Antone Flynn, William Crandall: com
mittee on registration — M. V. Dudley, J. W.
Whitney. J. G. Jeffries. J. A. Carroll. 9. Miller;
naturalization committee^ — John W. Humphrey.
John A. Lynch, William C. Kagri. C. A.
Flynn, Maurice Gallagher. Addresses were
made by Louis de F. Bartlett. R. P. Troy.
John Cramer, John A. Carroll, T. Carl Spelling.
Curtis Hillyer, Mr. Uckman.
FORTY-THIRD 'ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
The following officers were elected in th*
Forty-third District Club:
J. J. McOulre, president; William Flnnesan.
vie* president: S. M. Sullivan, secretary: R. F.
Ward, assistant secretary; Joseph Mlchell,
treasurer; enrollment committee— James Nail.
George Sommeraett. William. Gaffaey, Edward
Wilson, Frank Smith.
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DIS
TRICT.
A Forty-fourth District Bryan and Ste
venson club was organized at "Wash
ington Square Hall and officered as fol
lows:
Walter J. Demartini. president; J. A. Darvoto.
•vice president; George A. Orr. recording sec
retary; J. Mason Thomas, financial secretary,
and T. G. Rellly. treasurer. The enrolling
committee consist? of Richard Wh««ler. John
Bowen, Georgr* F. Callahan. James W. Reilly
and William Denniston. Addresses -wer» mad*
by Charles W. Pope. J. Devoto and W. J.
Demartini.
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
A meeting of the Bryan and Stevenson
Club of the Forty-fifth District waa held
at Garibaldi Hall. 423 Broadway, and the
following named officers were elected:
G. A. Kelly, president: Louis Ferrert. vice
president: J. K. Brennan. secretary: Tnomaa
Murray, treasurer; William H. Jordan, ser
geant at arms.
Duped Carpenters Reiterate
Their Story of Giving Coin
to Get Places.
by E. D. Wilbur," said he. "I do not know
\\ llbur— that is. speaking in the known
acceptance of the term. I have seen him
a few times when he called at this office
in search of Information, but our con
versation has been limited to not more
than fifty words. The most contempti
ble, slanderous, unwarranted attack
based upon the affidavit of a man I know
to be a lying scoundrel has been directed
against me, and the end has not yet ar
rived, but I will be well understood when
it does come."
Conroy's affidavit is a denial, generally
and specifically, of every allegation that
he had anything to do with the collec
tions which Wilbur wa-s so assiduously
making; and he denies, too, that no knows
Wilbur.
Wilbur Reiterates Charges.
E. D. Wilbur wandered through the city
yesterday anxiously watching for a man
with a gun, who, reports said, was after
him. "1 suppose I will get the gun be
fore the day is over," he said, "but you
may rest assured that I will get the right
end of it before it speaks. My connection
with this affair is perfectly clear. I have
a witness who "saw mo pay Eddie Conroy
$50 on account of the water front car
penter'jobs, and again all of those who
paid me money on account of their con
tracts followed me to his offices and can
testify that it was through that office that
the scheme was" being worked.
"A short time ago. when the demands
of those who had been promised positions
on the front bogan to grow too numerous.
the carpenters was called in the Palace
Hotel. When* all had gathered Tate went
up to Conroy's office and told him the
men were ready for a final settlement He
asked that they all come up, • and they
did, and conferred with Conroy in his of
fice. He had told them they- would have
to- wait a little longer, for -when Burns
left he had given orders that when it
came to filling the places in the harbor
service he wanted to be here himself and
have a hand in it, but it had come to such
a pass that the men would wait no longer
and they wanted a settlement. They got
no satisfaction, however, for all Conroy
would say at the meeting was that Burns
was sick and nothing could be done until
he recovered. Tate was asked to go to
see him, but instead it was decided to
write a letter. Ferren wrote the letter
end Perry took it out to Burns' house.
He was told the colonel was too sick to
see him: he sent the letter in and the
servant returned with the 'message that
the colonel was too sick to write a reply.
Perry had left his address in the letter,
but he never got an answer. Instead, the
sick, man rose from his bed the next dav
and departed from the ci'ty. He has ncTt
returned since then.
Conroy Rests on His Affidavit.
Conroy Was asked to make a statement
In regard to the case yesterday, but he
declined, and used up another fifty words
in explaining his private opinion of Wil
bur.
"I have nothing to say in addition to
that which is contained in my affidavit
which now stands against that sworn to
E. D. WILBUB, WHO SAYS HE PAID THE MONEY TO CONROY.
Said Burns Was Sick.
A week ago Sunday last a meeting of
Sought Secretary in "Bunches."
The calls on Conroy were made by the
carpenters in "bunches." They had more
than one straight heart to heart talk with
the colonel's secretary," and they gave
him morethan one unpleasant half hour.
They demanded their positions or their
money, and he put them off until, , tired
of their importunities, he sent for the book
containing the list of eliglbles. . It was
brought to him by Forbes and he took it
and showed where, among the presum
ably elect, were the names of Tate. Perry
and Fallon. The carpenters did not ask
how their names came to be on the list
if Wilbur was a liar and a scoundrel and
Conroy was ignorant of all his dealings,
for they thought they knew. They had
dealt with no one but Wilbur, and they
thought they knew how their names got
upon the list, so they asked no questions
and Conroy said nothing further on the
subject.
Tne carpenters' connection with Wilbur
ran through many months and a host of
promlsws, but through it all they believed
lit- was doing what he couid to keep his
questionable contract, and they say so to
this day; but there was a hitch some
where, and everybody, even Conroy,
passed It up to the colonel for a settle
ment.
When \\ uour was approached by Tate
and Perry, the first to enter into the deal,
he told them frankly he could get them
positions, but it 1 would cost them $100
apiece. Fifty dollars of this was to be
paid in cash, $25 out of the earnings of the
iirst month and $25 out of the earnings of
the second. There was no attempt to
conceal the fact that a necessary prelim
inary to the appointment was the pay
ment of the money, but it was designated
as "campaign expenses." to be used- In
the extra session then being agitated for
by the Burns forces. There was no
thought that it was to be used for the
furtherance of any but the Burns inter-
handed the money to Wilbur in front of
Co2 Market street, just opposite the Crock
er building, where Burns' -office Is located
and where Conroy holds forth. Wilbur
took the money and headed for the Crock
er building. He entered the elevator and
disappeared upstairs. When Ferren paid
his money he save it Into the hands of
Wilbur in about the same place, and again
Wilbur headed for the Crocker builuuig
and took the elevator for the upper floors.
And when McKerricher paid his fifty to
Wilbur, Wilbur once more headed for the
Crocker building and took the elevator.
In all there was several hundred. dollars
paid over to Wilbur in a time Including
out a few months, yet during that time
he was so poor that he borrowed money
to buy meci.cine for his sick wife; when
she aled she %vas buried with money
loaned out of campaign funds; when he
wanted to go to ban Diego to visit his
pick mother he received a pass from Con
roy, containing the remainder of the fifty
words, as far as tx»s Angeles, and he had
to borrow the money to take him on to
San Diego and back to Los Angeles, from
where he could use Conroy's pass again.
Conroy, it was- reported, secured the pass
through State Senator lioey. And during
an the time he was getting this money
from the carpenters Wilbur was borrow
ing from all the friends who would lend,
and he was as impecunious a politician as
politicians well can be. He said he gave
ail the money to Ccnroy.
TO the oxtent of throe hundred words
and an attested signature, Eddie
Conroy has denied that he ever re
ceived any of the money paid to
E. D. Wilbur by carpenters peek-
Ing positions in the service of the Harbor
Commission. He takes occasion to pass
some caustic criticisms on the Wilbur
recorii ar.d he swears he never spoke more
than fifty words to Wilbur in his life; yet
It Is well known that he and Wilbur wore
onoe friendly enough for Conroy to secure
a pass to Los Angreles for Wilbur, and on
more than one occasion he has allowed
the last named to refer to him as a friend.
From the very first, so the duped car
penters state, they believed that while
they were dealing: with Wilbur they were
to receive their jo'os from Conroy. They
taxed him witn it within the la.«t
month, and he had only this advice — that
If they would see the "colonel"—Burns
be would fix the matter all right. Conroy
denied that he ever received any of the
money, but he strongly advised silence in
the matter and said Burns would fix j
everything tu the >>atlsiactlon of every
body.
The relations of the carpenters with ]
Conroy are not more than six ¦weeks old. ]
They called upon him in the early part of j
June. \\w rim time, arid before an hourj
and a half had passed Conroy had told'j
i-'orl>es «nd Forbes had told Wilbur and
Wilbur ;.osted down to Tate's house and j
told him to k«:t those carpenters away I
frojn C< nroy'.= office if they ever wanted
thnso Job*. Tate was supo'osed to be the
leader <.f the men who rmid to fret work I
ami received only the promise, and so he |
¦was asked to keep the others <julet. !
Carpenters Call on Conroy.
Tho carpenters were not satisfied, how
ever, and they called on Conroy a train.
They asked him when they were point to
get those Jobs they had paid for. and he
faid they would have to wait until Burns
returned from the country. They de
manded the return of their money, and
¦with much indignation Conroy declared
he had never sorn a nickel of it. and then
ho told them that the colonel had lost JGoO
in a poker frame the rJpht Ivfore and he
would not stick at making good the
amount they had "subscribed." They
spoke freely of Wilbur to Conroy. and the
4ast named always* grew eloquent over
•Wilburs iniquity, an attitude that lost
its force one evening, when, after Con
roy had been particularly outspoken in
his opinion cf Wilhur. that gentleman
came to Tate and told him of the roastlne
he had been friven. He said Conroy told
him all about it. Conroy must have used
at least thirty-five of those fifty words
mentioned by him in parsing Wilbur this
description. And then, when Conroy went
down to Lrf-is Angeles to see the Governor,
the carpenters knew he was groins down
there four days before he started, and
they understood that one of the matters
taking him south was to see what could
l>e done for men who were entitled to po
sitions along the water front. They told
Conroy they knew of his trip before he
started, and he ktcw- angry and said some
one was lalklnjc too much.
In the whale transaction Conroy is con-
Fjiicuously and aggressively Innocent.
None of the carpenters ever saw any
money paid over to Conroy by Wilbur.
"W«nt Into Crocker Building.
On the occasion of Tate's second install
ment of J25 on the "fifty" in cash he
Crimmins and Kelly Ruffians in
Forty- Fourth — Democrats
Organize Clubs.
BOSSES SEIZE A
REPUBLICAN ROLL
• • • , „ ,
THE SAIS FKANCISCO CALL, rRIDAY, JTTL Y 20, 3 900»
12
THEY PAID THEIR MONEY TO WILBUR
BELIEVING IT WAS TO GO TO CONROY
DR.MQNULTY.
T HI !L WE1J^ KNOWN A?rI> KEUABr.EOLT)
¦M. SpeciwlisteurM Private. Nervous, and Blood l>to.
enses of Men only. Book on Private Disease* KQ a.
\\ e;une«e3 of Mon.lree. OverSOy'rV experience^
Patients cure,iai Home. Terms readable. Houmi
to3dallv:aL30to8:» pv>.Snn.hiv<.,intoli Con.10-
tiiUon free and sacredly conHrientinl. C&Il.oraddress
P. KOHCOK 3Ie.\UI,TY, M.D.
2GK Kearny St., San Francisco, CaL
/j times p r e ffl iums T\-pV
vi as r»* H^I I I
yJJmany ixlVCQ A 1 V»W
Teas, Coffees, \
SpSces, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
3 times as many Premiums with Teal
3 tides as many Preminms with Coffea
3 times as many Premiums with Spies
3 times as many Preminms with Extracts
3 times as many Premiums with Soda
3 as t! maa, Premiums with Baking Powder
Fresh Roasted Oof fees
io, is, io, »s. 30. 35, 4« Cts. X^by
Pare Teas
33. jo. 50. 60. 70, 80 eta, per i«b
Spice, Baking Powder, Exlracts,Mush
10. i5. as, 45 ct». per Can
A Bl;r rrcmlum Given wltli
• E^ery «*«rctn*»c , •
iit,otl Time and Place td nay
Price* NeTer bo cheap
Premiums Never wo Jiagy
Great Anerm LnccrGiis Tea Go.
MONEY-SAVINO STORES.
210-m Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter and Poat)
j« r t "irit st - iOpp - Poweu> -
3SS Hayes St. J13 Third St.
Htt Polk St. 821 Montgomery A-n.
2S16 Mission St. 703 Larlcin St.
J006 Sixteenth St. 1819 Devlsad»ro St.
146 Ninth St. 47i Ilalsht St.
KXJS Flllmore St. C85 Mission St.
52 Market St. 2732 JUh St
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington St. 516 E. 12th St.
J?1 Broad^ar- 1183 23d Ave.
1j10 Seventh St. 13S3 Park St.. AlameAi
B St. near 4th. San RafaeL
$9-5o
. It is/ need,! ess for us to
tell- y die that these are
bona-flde $18 and $20
values. Our big windows
'show'- their trice value to
life. The swellest of pat-
terns, the Tieatest', of color-
ings. tailored with] those
broad} military shoulders
that* make any : man the
model of the tailor's art.
You Know the Price,
The Price.
Gherry!
to the
One Bite
Our Season is at
an End.
When. We Begin
to Cut We Make
Simplg a case of
Too Much Fine
Goods; Too Manu
$18.00 and $20.00
Suits.
No Ifs,
Ands,
WITH
Twist Cheviots, beautiful 7 MmLJ^^^^^^^S
72 fw colorings, also in the 3KS^S^^&JswHH^^^fc^v^^^^^^§ ~ ~
'"'blue curly uMlS^^^^^^m^^^S^M. - I ¦ ¦-
WEAVE CHEVIOTS ' *^ ~
Suits built with the "^
broad, square shoulders;
Friday and Sat- dJ^ r\Q. ¦
urday special - Corner Kearny St. and Union Square Ave.