"Denial of communication with our Ministers is not neces
sarily cause for. war. Nobody declares war unless it vis for his
advantage. We see no advantage in declaring the existence of
a state of war, nor so far as we know does any other nation. So
• far as known, the allied troops are reasonably prepared for their
march on Peking". We know of no superior orders given any
body of troops that will conflict in any way with those
wtiich will be given by the officer in command of the advance
movement."
. : . ¦ Li Hung Chang received three urgent telegrams to-day commanding his immediate depar
ture, for the north. He is thus in an awkward dilemma, and is taking refuge in the excuse that
he is very 111. He has tried to persuade Sheng to go north with him, but the latter declines.
LI HUNG CHANG AGAIN ORDERED NORTH.
Special Cable to the Hew York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by New York Herald Publishing Company. Kepubli
cation of this dispatch is prohibited. All rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.
-\ . LONDON, Aug. 4. — The Dailv Mail publishes this dispatch from its special correspond
:•;¦.¦¦¦•..- ' ¦ • . ' r
cnt: ¦¦ . . .¦.¦.¦•.¦.;.¦•
. ... SHANGHAI. Aug. 2. — Li Fing Hong has arrived in Peking. This is the barbarian Vice
roy of Shantung, who massacred more than a thousand converts on his way north. Peking is in
a state of anarchy. '¦¦'¦..
"DIE RACHE DER DEUTSCHEN " (The Revenge of the Germans)^German
Marines Burning the Tsung Li Yamen in Revenge for the Murder* of
Baron von Kett6ler.--< From ie pem joumau -
the gravity of the situation. It is endeavoring to throw the responsibility for the outrages in Pe
king and elsewhere on mobs. Through diplomacy it is seeking to foment- international jealousies
to prevent the advance of the troops on Peking, to escape lawful punishment and to patch up
a peace. Foreigners here feel that the Chinese Government is responsible for the chaos, and they
are indignant at the reception given to Li Hung Chang at Shanghai. It is the conviction of every
one that no half-way measures should be used. There is nothing to prevent a march on Peking
and the overthrow of the present Government. It is commonly asserted that if this is not done the
same trouble will be repeated even.' few years.
. • • Two Indian regiments, one British field battery and General Gaselee have arrived. Any fur-
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
CHEFU. Aug. 1. — There is every indication that the Chinese Government is awakening to
SUMMARY OF THE CHINESE SITUATION.
rpHERE is nothing to prevent an advance upon Peking and the overthrow of the imperial G ov- #
¦ erntnent, cables a correspondent at Chefu. Many indications are to hand that this is pre
cisely what the Chinese Government most dreads and what it is seeking to avoid.
Announcements that all foreigners in Peking will be massacred If allies advance; that Li
Fing Hong, the former Viceroy of Shantung, with an unenviable record, has joined hands with
Prince Tuan; that two pro-foreign members of the Tsung li Yamen have been beheaded and
that anarchy reigns in the capital, together with Li Hung Chang's endeavor to open up negotia
tions through Consul Goodnow, read suspiciously like efforts to gain time and evade respon-
While there is still a lack of definite news regarding an advance all the dispatches to hand
indicate that an immediate move was expected several days ago. An interesting light is thrown
orv what is expected to be the character of the campaign by measures taken at Washington to
provide winter equipment for the American forces.
In the latest dispatch received from Minister Conger, dated June 25, he says that they
can hold out for six days.
It is reported that many missionaries of various nationalities in Shansi province have
been massacred and fear is felt for Americans there, from whom no word has been received
for two months.
A special cable dispatch to The Call from Hongkong says that all the missionaries from
Hainan have reachedthat port with the exception of four, who are af Hoihow, where a French
cruiser is ready to bombard the town if the foreigners are imperiled. It is estimated in London
that from ten to fifteen thousand defenseless Christians have been massacred outside of Pe
king by imperial troops.
DELAY IN ADVANCE DECLARED CRIMINAL.
¥3rtual Announcement That Diplomats at
the Forbidden CatyWMl Be Held as
Unless Foreigners Agree to
M&SJMiecM the Advance of the Allies*
Chinese Statesmnee i aake Dare Fred act aoins
and Endeavor to Prevent the Relief
: Cotomn From ReaeMeg Peking*
MINISTERS STILL IN DANGER OF DEATH.
MARCH OF ALLIES SHOULD BE HASTENED
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— XO. 65.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 4, 1900.
FRENCH CRUISER LIES READY TO BOMBARD.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
HONGKONG, Aug. 3. — All the missionaries excepting four have arrived here from Hai
nan. Others remain at Hoihow,iwhere the French cruiser, Kersaint is lying under orders to bom
bard Gow in case of trouble affecting the safety of foreigners. ' -
;.:;v CHEFU, Aug 1. — Forty thousand Chinese are occupying the heights near Tasheschau,
Port; Arthur, Xiuchwang and Moukden junction. There are only 5000 Russians at the junction'.
Reinforcements from Port Arthur are arriving by sea, the railway being unsafe. The report is con
. firrned that Liaoyang and Haitchen have been destroyed. Niuchwang is reckoned safe at
i:^'l . : ;':Thc Japanese torpedo-boat destroyer Niji is stranded on the east rocks, two hours from
CHINESE CLOSING IN ON PORT ARTHUR.
v ; ; SHANGHAI, Aug. 2. — Liu Kun Yi, Viceroy of Nanking, and Sheng, administrator of
telegraphs and railways and Taotai of Shanghai, have both declared officially that the foreign Min
isters, are held by the Chinese Government as hostages, and that if the allies march to Peking they
-will be killed. . ¦
••;.¦; It is stated that only the Russians and Japanese, 23,000 strong, are starting for Peking
. ; Another. Chinese exodus from Shanghai has commenced. It was caused by disquieting ru
mors published in the native and some foreign newspapers.
THREATS THAT MINISTERS IA/ILL BE SLAIN.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, -WASH- ,
INGTON, Aug. 3.— China has ' responded .to the ;
allies' aidvance on Peking by virtually" announcing, that
she will hold the Ministers as hostages. , This is the interpreta
tion which the administration officials put upon the dispatch re
ceived to-day from Consul General Goodnow at (Shanghai.
Goodnow's message does not entirely agree with the dispatch re
ceived from the Governor of Shantung, transmitted by Consul
Fowler at Chefu. The contradictions between the two mes
sages is explained here, on the assumption that Yuan's advices
left Peking before the news of the advance had reached there. At
all events there is a disposition to attach more 'importance tp.Li
Some of the authorities still think the Imperial Government
is playing its -last -card, andthat if this announcement by Li
Hung Chang does not stop the advance of the international col
umn it may be disavowed and that an effort may be made to
soften the wrath of the powers by opening communication with
¦the Ministers,' an indispensable preliminary to any negotiations.
This' hope is very slender, however, in view, of the fact that
the anti-foreign faction is in .control in Peking.. There is even
fear that .the Ministers .and other foreigners may yet be mur
dered. If Li Ping Hong is so firmly intrenched in power that ,
he does not hesitate to cut off the heads of members of the .
Tsung li Yamen for merely urging the preservation of the Min
isters, it is feared that , he might not hesitate ; long to 'kill all the
inmates of .the legations if the ¦:¦ heroic 'marines are not able I to
CHINA PROBABLY PLAYING LAST
CARD IN A BIG GAME OF BLUFF
hold out until. the relief column; reaches Peking.
Li Hung Chang's message . only increases "the -necessity for
'a rapid advance on Peking, if the -Ministers -and- other, foreigners
are to be rescued. J At- the same^time the administration sees
nothing in the situation calling : for a declaration of war. It is
still felt that the object of the powers '.can be best accomplished
without the' formal'declaration that a state of war exists. After
the Cabinet meeting to-day, one of those who participateid made
this statement for the administration: .
"Li Hung Chang's threat does not affect our position.- He
stated that until we accept the proposition to stop the advance
of the allied troops on condition of the removal of the Ministers
to Tientsin he would cease all further negotiations. Evidently
1 he has kept his word, for he now tells- the French Consul
that no message will be delivered to ; the Ministers because the
foreigners are advancing on Peking. Consul General Good
now's dispatch was given but simply as a matter of news, and
too much attention should not be paid to it. Li Hung Chang
has received our message. .'¦
The San Francisco Call." NEW YORK,, Aug. 4.— The Journal and
Advertiser says: One v of three leather
mail pouches in. transit from the general
postofflce to sub-station O, at Fifth.ave
nue and Thirteenth street, was robbed on
Thursday last of more than $28,000 in
drafts," checks and cash. "
The bags took the usual course by which
the -mail, is sent uptown to this station.
They were carried by postofHce employes
to the Sixth-avenjue station of the Ele
vated road,. where they were placed on the
platform to await a certain train: ; During
the wait thore was no one to watch them;
although the station porter is supposed to
keep an eye on them; .
They were taken up to the Fourteenth
street .station and thrown » off r and" there
they lay, until : the i men' from the sub-sta
tion arrived to take them away.-.':...
' When they were taken to the sub-station
it .was: found that a silt eight inches long
had been 'cut In one •• of the bags' and
The fact that the German Government
is purchasing California horses for use in
the China campaign is now a matter of
official record in the office of the County
Clerk. That foreign agents have been
quietly purchasing horses in this and oth
'e.r "Western, States for use In China has
been known for some time, but now the
horse market threatens to take a spurt.
Mrs. Eliza M. Miller, as administrator
of the estate of the late A. "P. More, ap
plied to Judge Coffey yesterday for in
structions regarding bringing horses be
longing to the More estate from Santa
Rosa Island to San Francisco for inspec
tion by agents of the-German Govern
ment with a view to their - purchase.
Judge Coffey investigated the matter and
Instructed Mrs. Miller not to ship the
horses to this city, but to endeavor to
pell them where they arc on Santa P.o!"a
Island. An order to this effect was made
and if the German Government wants the
horses it must inspect and purchase toem
as stated in the order.
STOCKTON, Aug. 3.— Dr. Eddy, the
veterinary surgeon, of this city, left to
day for Nevada. Utah and Montana on a
horse-buying trip. He has been employed
to purchase 3000 cavalry and light bat
tery horses for the German army. Some
cf the animals will be sent to China and
some to Africa. The occasion for ship
-ping them to the latter country is not
known. Owing to the demand for horses,
as a result of the recent wars, the price
has gone up materially. „
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 3.— The United
States Government has chartered the
steamer Thyra, which will take 500 horses
to China from this port. The horses are
now being purchased in this State.^ The
Thyra is now on her way to San Fran
cisco from China and as soon as her cargo
Is discharged she will come here.
GERMAN GOVERNMENT
SEEKING WAR HORSES
CAPE HAYTIEN, Aug. 3.-The passen
gers and mail from the Dutch steamer
Prinz Wilhelm II were taken ashore on
the east side of the island of Inagua
Tuesday, July 31, having been landed here
by the steamer Alps. Several of the crew
went ashore on Inagua and others with
the passengers on the island, of Marihu
ana.
It is probable that the most of the
wrecked steamer's cargo will be saved.
The passengers lost most of their baggage
and suffered great privations on the Island
of Marlpruana before they were taken off
by the Alps. - •
SHIPWRECKED CREW LANDED.
Robert Dunlap.
NEW TORK, Aug. 3.— Robert Dunlap, a
leading merchant of this city and founder
of the Dunlap News Agency, now no
longer In existence, died here to-day.
Captain John Mclntosh.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— Captain John Mc-
Intosh. senior commander of the Ward
line's fleet, died this morning- at his home
in Jersey City. He was in his sixty-third
year.
MOKELITMNE HILL, Aug. 3.— Samue!
"W. Pearsall, n. pioneer of 184S, veteran of
the Mexican war and a member of Steven
son's regiment, died here last night,
aged 79.
Samuel W. Pearsall.
NEW' YORK. Aug. 3.— John W. Trow
bridge, a widely known newspaper illus
trator, formerly chief of the art depart
ment of the Anaconda Standard, died to
day In his home atF.nglewood of cancer
of "the liver.
John W. Trowbridge.
through the cut nearly all the mail in the
bag had been extracted.
The robbers will profit little by their
daring act, since payment on the drafts
and checks has been stopped.
than th«*y were when it was claimed that
they were too weak for an advance.
HANDICAPPED BY DELAY
IN LANDING HOUSES
ADVANCE SCOUTS
BATTLE WITH CHINESE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3-— The opera
tions of the American forces In China are
seriously handicapped by the delay in the
landing of the cavalry horses, owing to
the lack of lighters and other small craft.
Two squadrons of the S^xth Cavalry ar
rived at Taku with General Chaffee on the
Grant peveral days ago, but in the ab
sence, of their mounts have been of no
further service than regularVoot troops,
and delay will occur in unloading horses
from the Lennox. Conemaugh and Le
lanaw. all on their way to China, It Is
estimated at the War . Department that
there are about3500 American troops, in
cluding 750 marines, in the vicinity of
Tientsin available for ~ active operations
against the Chinese capital, with pros
pects of 3000 reinforcements from».the
United States arriving in small detach
ments within the next two months. In
view of the small American representa
tion on the spot, it is not regarded at the
War Department as probable that General
Chaffee will be selected to command the
allied forces.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.-The Navy De
partment this morning received the fol
lowing cablegram from Admiral Remey:
"TAKU, Aug. 2.— Bureau of Navigation,
Washington— Chaffee reports that SOO Jap
anese scouting toward. Peitans lost three
men killed, 25 wounded. Enemy en
trenched and loopholed houses.
"REMEY."
Admiral Rerney's report indicates that
serious resistance has developed to ,ihe
progress of the Peking relief column. His
advice confirms the opinion of the experts
here that the fights reported near Tien
tsin are "nothing more than the result of
reconnoissances. Still, a scouting party
800 strong is no Inconsiderable force, and
the fact that the Japanese suffered se
verely is regardf-d here as proof positive
that the relief column will have some
lively" fighting ahead. "
ONLY A KECONNOISSANCE.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— It was stated
to-night that the dispatch received by the
War Department to-day from Major Gen
eral Chaffee, commanding the American
troops in China, was dated .Tientsin, July
31. At that time there had been no gen
eral forward "movement of the allied
forces, the only action having been a re
connolssance, presumably that reported
by Admiral Remey in the . dispatch re
ceived at the Navy Department in which
the Japanese lost several killed and had
a number wounded. .' -.kv ¦ ¦
DECLINED BY JAPAN.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— In connection
with the statement from London pub
lished this morning that England had
tendered Japan financial assistance in her
\Chinese campaign, it can be stated with
authority that this . offer .-was made sev
eral weeks and declined by Japan in the
same friendly spirit that it was made.
BOMBARDED BY CHINESE.
ST. PFiTERSBURG, Aug. 3.— An official
dispatch says Blagovestchensk was again
bombarded Wednesday. August 1. It i3
added, that the Russian steamer Sellnga.
while 'defending Aigun, was seriously
damaged by Chinese shells.
ANTICIPATES CO-OPEBATION.
LONDON, Aug. 3.— The Parliamentary
Secretary of the Foreign Office, William
St. John Broderlck, said to-day in the
House of Commons that .the Government
had no fresh information from China. It
was not true, ho said, that operations By
the allies were delayed by. the British con
tingent. On the contrary, the last infor
mation from Gaselee was 'to< the effect
that the troops were, ready and , would
shortly advance and he anticipated* the
co-operation of the allies. -..; . ¦ - --.
TO PROTECT MINISTERS.
CHEFU. Aug. 2 (via Shanghai.. Aug. 3).—
Governor. Yuan Shi JCal states that he has
received a note from the Tsung li/STamen,
dated July 30, reporting that the Ministers
at i the German legation and * others t were
well and that their relations. with the Gov
ernment were friendly. They I were con
ferring, the note said, with a view of ar
ranging measures to protect the Ministers
to Tientsin. ' ¦ • . . \ -~£iBSS8
LONDON. Aug. 4. 3:55 a. m.— Accord-
Ing- to a special dispatch from
Shanghai, dated August 3. the ad
varting column of the allies was
rr ported there yesterday to hav-«
r«-«<-h«>d a point thirty-five miles beyond
Tientsin. Nothing from any other point
rorrcbnratoj: this Ftatement. In fact the
Ftnndard £<**? eo far as to say that it
fears the rral advance, apart from pre
liminary measures, has not yet begun.
Tientsin dispatches dated July 30 tell of
in action which is termed a "reconnois
tn'.-i^e between the Japanese and Chi
rsp!=«\" two rnil p s beyond the Hsiku
srsonal in which the Japanese withdrew
after Min>ring thirty casualties.
To Leave British Behind.
The Tientsin correspondent • ol the
Standard. un«l<?r date of July 27, declared
that the Americans and Germans have
ltppri ordered to move forward without
waiting for the British.
A Chrfu special, dated August 1. an
r.riunces the Faf^ty of all the American*
in P«king and the reception of a letter
from Dr. Cheltmnn, dated Peking. July
SB. saying that on the previous day Sir
< laude Macdonald. the British Minister,
had agreed to a truce provided the Chi
rfre came no closer, and adding:
"We hope this means relief ; but, having
defeated the Chinese, we are fearful of
tres-chory. All are exhausted -with con-
Ftant watching, fcghting and digging
tranches."
The greatest credit Is due to Mr.
£<-ju5er?. secretary of the t'nited States
legation, whose military experience and
energy are invaluable.
Has Little Influence.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Pajly Ncwf Fays the Consuls there regret
the Inceppndent action taken by the
Arnfriran association and the China as
fr»«:ation on the ground that It is inju
dicious. Up pays:'
"The settlements lx*ing international,
P^tty jr^lousies must disappear. Th»-
China association is of little local Influ
ence." ' .
Presumably he refers to the American
Asiatic Association. The Hongkong cor
rfspnndfr.t of the Daily Express a.n
nountv? the arrival thore from San Fran
cisco of Homer Ive. for some time resi
dent appnt In th<? T'nited States of tho
SnrWy for Reformation of th# Chines*
Empire, with £6000, which will presum
ably be utilized in connection wuh the
movpmpnt against thf Empress Dowager,
a movement qui^.'went ¦ since 1S3S until
within the last few wreks.
CASUALTIES IN NINTH
INFANTRY AT TIENTSIN
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— The following
casualties in the Ninth United- States In
fantry at T'entsin, China, on July 13 last
are reported by General MacArthur:
Killed— Errser3on H. Liscum, colonel.
Company A— John A. Potter, Georga H.
Buckley.
Company B— Corporal Rlchsrfl J. Slater,
."Dftn McPartland, Gottelfried. Svenson.
Company C— Carney Gonyea; Robert B.
Golden, enlisted Philadelphia, nearest rel
ative 3Iis3 lizzie GoWen. Ogden, Utah.
Company D— John H. Porter.
Company F — Oscar G. Olsc-n. Johr- J.
T>rehr>i-. Axel "KUog«berp, James A. Tay
lor, Cosp3r Schwertff-ger.
• Company G — Clyde J. Jamison'. Fred E.
Rirffpnnacht: John P. Smith, re-enlisted
San Curios. A. ,T.;. I>ev.-oy R. Rogers. <»n
]!?ted Portland. Or., nearest relative Mrs.
Helen D. nosers. Prospect Hill, Tacoraa.
Wafh.,-- :
• \V<->'jn«1«-d— Jamfs Rfsan, major: Charles
H. NoyoF. captain; Edwin F. Bookmlller,
captain;. Louis B. Lawton, first lieuten
ant: Frank R. Larg. second lieutenafit;
Corperal Arnold Peruzzy. Company A.
Company A— John J. Dimond, Martin
Dunphy, George F. Murphy, John Sey
mour. *
Company B — Corporal Myer Conroy.
Corporal John Gallant. Arthur Ruggles.
Robert Crawford, Henry Stillings. Harry
Van Leer. Patrick Cox, Frank W. South-
•n-ork. William S. Rowley. Clarence J.
MeBride.
Company C— Sergeant R. I* Perry. Ser
ceant Joseph A. Dory. Sergeant Adelbert
•Walker. Corporal James R. Burton. Cor-
X'oral Peter Savage, Corporal Samuel F.
Wbipps, Corporal Richard W. Webb.
Musician Harry K. Ellis, John Dt Closson,
T\ E. Jumper. James J. O'Xeill. Henry
J. Eharrer: Robert H. Von Shllck enlisted
a^San Francisco, nearest relative not
Riven. BB9HMH9I
Company D— First Sergeant George Bai
ley.. Sergeant' Edward Gorman,' Corporal
RJ-12.S A. Christenberry, Corporal S. E.
Jackson, Thomas L. Maloney. Joseph
Much Jr.. Fred Newell. David J. Kennedy.
BERLIN*. Aug. 3.— A German Foreign
Office official said to the correspondent of
the Associated Press to-day: "If the* al
lied forces advance, upon Peking ¦without
a chief commander, and If the comman
ders of the different contingents believe
they can manage in this way. the matter
must be Ifft to their discretion and the
powers must be satisfied with it. We
hope that during the advance all the
troops will agree and attempt to do the
best possible. Then success is possible,
even under such unfavorable conditions.
Germany regrets that unavoidable cir
cumstances render it impossible for her
to join the Peking expedition with a corps
of commensurate elze; but Germans, with
out Jealousy, will applaud the successes
achieved by others."
Most of the German papers discuss : tb«
matter In a similar strain, regretting that
"British incompetence" again retards the
advance. Some say that, inasmuch : as
England is not ready, the others should
proceed without her. Several journals,
taking a somewhat similar view, say it
looks precisely as if the advance without
waiting for German reinforcements: were
undertaken to Bettle matters before the
Germans are on the scene in greater
strength, pointing out 'that the •allied
forces at Tientsin are no Btronger ' now
Carroll Pingree, William Murphy, Joseph
Ryaji.
Company E— William E. Gilbert, Joseph
McMahon, Patrick J. Murphy.
Company F — Corporal Frank M. Leon
ard, Corporal Gustav Bartz. David A.
Murphy, Francis J. Magee, Frederick E.
Shoreoraft, Edward W. Wright. Arthur
Abeles. O. C. Weston, David H. Ham
mond. Harry A. Norton; John P. Dimond,
unlisted at San Francisco, nearest relative
not given.
Company G — Corporal Stephen O'Dea.
Corporal Thomas H. Curren, Corporal
Dennis Moriarity, Loda B. King, Philip
Wubing, W. F. Coleman, William L. Part-
Ian.
Company H— First Sergeant W. Bick
hart. Corporal Albert Juhl, Corporal
Jacob E. Mengel, Corporal Gerhart Heck
frman. Corpora! George F. Hoar. Andrew
Rnden. J. I. Westervelt. Ivetvis L. Frlsh,
John P. McSweeney, Charles P-. Reilly,
Ralph E. Richards, David H. Morris.
Missing— Company B, Myron C. Miller.
Since died — Company " G.- Corporal
Stephen O'Dea; Company C, James J.
O-Neill.
ANARCHY REIGNED
IN PEKING FOR MONTHS
Copyright, 190), by the Associated Press.
CHEFU. July 26 (via Shanghai. Aug. 2).-
The latest reports from Peking were
brought by "disaffected officers af the
Chinese army. They are considered re
liable. The officers left Peking: on July 15.
Thpy eay anarchy had reigned in Peking
for months and the streets ran blood, the
Chinamen tighting among themselves.
Yung Lu. commander in chief of the Chi
nese forces, and Prince Ching espoused*
the cause of the foreigners and endeav
ored with the part of the army loyal to
them in expf I the Boxors. Later, with the
majority of the imperial troops, under
ant!-foroign leaders, Princp Tuan and
General Tung Fuh Sian were victorious
and Yung Lu and Prince Ching, with their
followers, were prisoners In their yamens
when the bearers of >. these reports left
Peking. , -i
Prince Tuan and General Tung Fuh
Sian appear to control the Government,
according to th£ officers, and issued edicts,
printed In the Gazette, exhorting the Chi
nese to kill all foreigners and native
Christnnp. One orticer says that there
are 16,000 troops in Peking, including
Tung's army, and 8000 more at Yung
Tsun. The soldiery hold all the streets
within a mile of the legations. The for
eign troops, when the officers left Peking,
had burned and abandoned the Chenmen
gate. Their ammunition -appeared to b*
failing and their quick-firing guns had
been silenced for some days before July li
anu they were using their rifles only when
hard pressed. The officers said that every
foreign bullet kills a Chinaman. The re
ports state that the American and English
troops engaged General Ma in a battle on
July 10.
The reports from Chinese sources are to
the effect that all the legations' forces
were killed. Chinamen caught a messen
ger who was trying to leave the legations
on July 10 with the following message:
"To any foreign commander: Make all
haste if you intend to save us. We can
hold out but a few days."
GERMAN JOURNALS CRY
"BRITISH INCOMPETENCE"
There Are Conflicting Reports Concerning the
Peking Relief Column, and It Is Feared
the Real Advance by the Allies Has Not
Yet Been Begun.
fore the way is clear to Peking.
The Navy to Co-operate.
The Navy Department to-day issued an
order for the co-operation of its officers
abroad with the officers of the army in
landing and transporting-. troops destined
for Chinese service. This revives the sit
uation that existed in Cuba when Shaf
ter's army corp3 was landed therethrough
the efforts of the navy. It is thought in
the department, that the navy can assist
General Chaffee, not only in the debarka
tion, but also by furnishing boat trans
portation if a move is made along the
Peiho.
Joint Memorial to Throne.
It appf-ars that some misunderstanding
exists ae to a St. Petersburg dispatch
printed here this morning saying the Chi
nese Minister there and his colleagues in
Europe had cabled the Governor of Shan
tunp. demanding that free communica
tion be opened between the Peking Minis
tors and their respective governments.
This communication was in fact a Joint
memorial' to the .throne, concurred in by
all Chinese Ministers abroad, including
Minister Wu in Washington. It was for
warded by Minister Yeng Lu at St. Pe
tersburg, because the latter Is dean of the
Chinese diplomatic service. It was trans
mitted through the Governor of Shantung,
to be forwarded to Peking. TfiTS action is
considered very important, as indicating
that the Chinese Ministers abroad have at
last reached a unanimous conclusion that
the situation is no longer to be trifled
with. Their action may be regarded as a
final effort on their part to influence their
Government, and its outcome is awaited
with great interest.
Communication "With. Peking.
Meanwhile the Government of the
United States, like the governments of
Europe, has not abandoned its efforts to
establish communication with its 'Minis
ter at Peking, and the State Department
has instructed. Consul General Goodnow
ut Shanghai, Consul Fowler at Chefu ami
WSHINGTON. Aus. 3.-Anothcr
move was made to-day in the
diplomatic situation by the re
turn of an evasive answer by
U Hung Chang to Secretary
Hay's peremptory demand of August 1 to
be put In' communication with the foreign
officials at Peking. L.i's answer is not
final and leaves the matter open to di
plomacy, but IA's action as reported by
Consul General Goodnow is unquestiona
bly sincere and will amount to a final
rejection of the American proposition, if
jwrsisted In.
Mr. Goodnow's dispatch contains some
further information bearing on the ques
tion of the responsibility for Peking con
ditions in the statement that the comman
der of the Chinese troops by inference
answerable .to the Chinese Government
ordered the P.io Ting massacre. It is
learned, however, that Li Ping Hong, the
commander, is well known to all Chinese
officials as one of the most rabid anti
foreign loaders in China. lie is a close
friend of Prince Tuan, and the associa
tion of these, two in Peking affairs with
the power behind them to cause the igno
minious death of two high officials is re
garded here as a bad sign.
Characteristically Diplomatic.
| Simultaneously with Mr. Goodnow's
dispatch came a characteristically diplo
matic message from Yuan Shi Kai, the
Governor of Shantung, reporting the story
of two days ago that the Chinese Gov
ernment was arranging to deliver the
Ministers safely at Tientsin. Xo refer
ence is made to reconcile that statement
with Earl Li's refusal to allow communi
cation with the Ministers. General Chaf
fee's message as to the unexpected re
sistance offered to the Japanese reconnois
sance is regarded by military men here
as forecasting a greater degree of opposi
tion to the international advance than
had been anticipated and they are now
Fatisfled the Chinese troops will furnish
material for at least one severe battle be-
Entrance of the HaU of Classics, Hanlin College, Peking, Which, With Its
Priceless Library, Has Been Burned by the Boxers.
(From the London Graphic).
CHEFV. Aug. 2, p, no.— Secretary of State.
Washington: Just received telegram ftnw a«—
error of Shantung, requesting me to transmit
to you the following: t-'i ">.
"Hare Just received telegram <!at«d July SO.
Trans 11 Yamen. stating various Ministers. th«
German Legation and others (foreigners) all
•well; not in distress. Provisions wera repeat
edly sent. Relations most friendly. Now coa
ferring as to proper measures to protect vari
ous Ministers to Tientsin for temporary shelter
which conference will soon be ended.
(Signed) "YUAN, Governor."
FOWLER.
Appended are the two significant tele
grams from Consuls made public early In
the day by the State Department:
SHANGHAI. Aug. X— Secretary of State,
Washington: Americans left Chunking yester
day. LI told French Consul to-day no messages
will be delivered Ministers while foreigners ad
vancing on Peking. Two pro-foreign members
of the Tsung li Yamen beheaded on the 27th
for urging preservation of Ministers by L< Ping
Han, now commanding troops at Peking. H»
ordered Pao Ting massacre. G00DX0W.
Two Significant Telegrams.
Consul Ragsdale at Tientsin to spare no
effort or expense to open up direct com
munication -with Mr. Conger.
In addition to his short message rela
tive to the Japanese check transmitted
through Admiral Remey and received this
morning. General Chaffee made another
and direct cable report this afternoon.
The message was withheld from publica
tion by Secretary Root, who declines to
make its purport public. It was presum
ably devoted to a recital of General Chaf
fer's needs in a military way.
In view of the L.ondon statement that
the advance on Peking actually began
with the present week, there la also a pos
sibility that General Chaffee's message
has some bearing on that subject, though
it is thought the advance, if started, could
not have progressed far beyond Tientsin,
as the outpost encounter, as described by
him. took place only ten miles out of
town. ,..~;-'v ¦ s \~
ST. PAUL. Aur. S.-The will of the late
Archbishop Hennessy of Dubuque. Iowa, has
been filed for probate here by the executors.
Roger Ryan ami Clement Johannes of Du
buque, The whole estate amounts to about
$1,000,000. KOO.WO of which is in Minnesota real
estate, the remainder real and personal property
situated in Iowa. The Minnesota property la
divided among nine relatives. The Iowa prop
erty is divided between relatives and the sister
hood of the church.
DENVER, 'Aus. 3.— A N«ws special from,
Evanaton. Wyo. , says that the Union Paciflo
will soon begin work on the biggest cut-oft
yet made by that road. The plan Is to con
struct a new road betwen Evanston and Salt
Lake, avoiding Echo Canyon and other points.
with Ocden on a branch line. It la said that
the 'surveys" have been made and part of the
contracts . already let.
JOL.IET. III.. Aur. 3.— It Is reported that a
straight cut of 15 per c«nt has been ordered
in wages by the American Steel and Wire Com
pany. The reduction. It is said, will affec?
every employe. No official Information can
be obtained here, though It Is understood the
order went Into effect yesterday. About f>00
men, employed In the four local mills. " aro
concerned. v ;
ST. PAUL, Augr. 3.— Major James McLaugh
lin. Inspector of Indian Agencies, who is at
the Merchants' Hotel, has Just completed his
report concerning the request of Chief Joseph
of the Xez Perce tribe, that his people b« re
stored to their former home In Eastern Orenoi.
The reiwrt will indicate that such a crant Is
impossible, as the country is now occupied by
settlers.
NEW YORK. Ausr- 3.— Representatives of
prominent forwarding houses, shippers, rest
dent buyers and other interested parties ar<»
holding a conference in this city to discuss
the ruling: of the trunk lines, which if enforced
will prohibit the bulking- of small parcels under
one cover and forwarding; them aa a single
shipment.
NEW YORK? Aug. 3.— A threatened strike cC
~y* steam-fitters, ordered for to-day was post
poned until Monday, pending a conference be
tween the union and employers. Five hundred
shirtmakers. 4«O of whom are women, went oui
to-day on account of a redaction in wages.
They were employed by one firm.
WASHINGTON, Au*. 3. -The population o*
Milwaukee. Wis.. according to the count Just
completed at the Census Office, la 2S5.315. Ii»
ISflrt the population was 2<M,46S. The Increase la
39.54 per cent. t -i ." ,
LONDON. Aug. 3. — The x»r loan has bern
fsjrued In the form of £10.000.000 3 per cent ex
chequer bonds at 9S. repayable at par In 1303.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
WASHINGTON', Au*. 3.— The new Japanrn«
Minister. Kogoro Takahira. laid his credentials
before the President to-day.
Evasive Answer of Li Hung Chang to Secre
tar y Hay's Peremptory Demand to Be Put
In Communication With the Foreign
Officials at Peking
Palikao Bridge, Over the Peiho, Near Peking, Where the Chinese Will Prob
ably Resist the Advance of the Allies. /
(From Le Moflde Illustre.)
i IT -WAS AT THIS BRIDGE. FIVE MILES FROM PEKING, THAT THE CHINESE IX THE WAR OF 1SSO
MADE THEIR MOST DETERMINED STAND AGAINST THE ALLIED BRITISH AND FRENCH TROOPS UNDER
SIR HOPE GRANT AND GENERAL MONTAUBAN. A LARGE FORCE WAS STATIONED ON- THE WEST
BANK OF THE RIVER AND THE BRIDGE ITSELF WAS DEFENDED BY TWENTY-FIVE GUNS. THE BAT
TLE BEGAN WITH A CAVALRY CHARGE BY THE BRITISH. .WHICH WAS PROMPTLY FOLLOWED UP BY
THE INFANTRY ON ONE PART OF THE FIELD. WHILE THE FRENCH CARRIED THE BRIDGE WITH ITS
STRONCf AND WELL-MANNED DEFENSES IN GALLANT STYLE. WINNING FOR THEIR GENERAL. MONT
AUBAN, THE TITLE OF COMTE DE PALI KOI. THE VICTORY WAS DECISIVE AND THE ALLIES MARCHED
UNOPPOSED TO THE SUMMER PALACE EIGHT MILES. NORTH OF THE CITY. WHICH THEY LATEP.
BURNED.
LONDON, Aug. 4, 4 a. m.—
Nearly all the correspond
ents confirm the reports of
a .wholesale massacre of Chris
tians I'oiitside Peking, a corre
spondent of the Daily News giv
ing the number, of killed as be
tween ten and fifteen thousand —
all defenseless converts. Imperial
troops— so it is stated— did the
¦ghastly work. • *.
According to the Shanghai cor
respondent of the Times one of
the members of the Tsung li Y-a
men/ mentioned by United States
Consul Goodnow as having been
beheaded for pro-foreign tenden
cies, was Hsu Ching Cheng, for
mer Minister to Russia. The cor
respondent says the Empress
Dowager ordered his execution
on the advice of Li Ping PJohg.
Li Hung Chang has been in
formed from Peking that Prince
(Thing's only prominent support
ers in hrs peace policy are General
Yung Lu and Wang Wen Shan.,
president of the Board of Reve
nue, whose influence is small.
CONGER'S CIPHER
TELEGRAM GENUINE
' WASHINGTON, Auk. 3.-The State De
partment to-day issued the following:
* "The State Department has received a
dispatch from Mr. Fowler, Consul at Che
fu, dated at night on the 2d of August,
stating that when he learned from the
Shanghai papers that doubts were enter
tained of the genuineness of the Conger
cipher telegram he wired on the 27th to
the Governor of S!>antung>, to send him
the original by courier. The Governor at
once compiled with his request, sending
a special postman, who by traveling night
and day for five days made the Journey,
which 'in ordinary times would have re
quired twelve days. He^dellvered to Mr.
Fowler the original ' of the Conger dis
patch. It is' signed by Mr. Conger and
datedthe 17th of July. It is precisely .the
same as the message received at the State I
Department, with several words prefixed
which came in an unintelligible form to
the Chinese legation here. The dispatch
in Its complete form says that the mem
bers of the American legation had boen
besieged for a month in the British lega
tion. Mr. Fowler has no doubt of the gen
uineness of the dispatch."
Some interesting facts connected with
the original cipher message have been
brought to light by Mr. Fowler's .report*
It appears that when Minister Wu re
ceived the cipher message on the 2Jst ult.
he found that it contained a cipher within
a cipher. The Governor- of Shantung,
Yuan, transmitted with the. message a
message from the Tsung 11 Yamen, which
In turn transmitted Mr. Conger's message.
The latter was in the State Department
cipher; the former in the Chinese official
cipher. When Mr. Wu. in deciphering the
message, reached the end of the Tsung 11
Yamrn's message of -transmlttal he was
unaware of that fact and thought that the
several groups of figures following, were a
portion of the Tsung li Yamen's message.
As a matter of fact, they were the intitial
words of Mr. Conger's message and they
were undecipherable by Mr. Wu because
they were in the State Department cipher.
Instead of beginning "In British legation,"
etc.," Mr. Conger's message really began.
"We have been for a month in the British
legation."
Another fact developed is that the mes
sage was signed "E. H. Conger, July 17."
Many persons had supposed that whilo
the message was genuine it was one writ
ten by Mr. Conger -long before and that it
had been fraudulently dated by the Chi
nese officials. Now- It appears that the
Tsung 11 Yamen or Yuan did date it the
18th.
It is thought that this date was ac
curat«, and that while Mr. Conger actu
ally wrote his dispatch on the 17th and
put It in cipher ready for transmission at
the first opportunity the message did not
leave Peking until the following day. The
developments have done much to rehabili
tate the Chinese officials in the estimation
of some of those who have heretofore
been very skeptical as to their integrity
in regard to the transmission of these of
ficial messages.
RUSSIANS CAPTUBE GUNS.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 3.— General
Grodekoff telegraphs from Khabarovosk,
August 1, that fourteen Hotchkiss and ten
other guns were captured at Hunghun by
the Russians, who, storming the fortress
on Monday, July 30, drove 4000 Chinese be
fore them.
MASSACRE OF MISSIONARIES.
PARIS, Aug. 3.— The French Consul
General at Shanghai, M. de Beseaure, in
a dispatch dated Thursday, August 2,
states that many mlssonarles of differ
ent natlonalties have been massacred in
the province of Shansi.
SAFE AT BBITISH LEGATION.
LONDON*. Aug. 4.— It is said that a resi
dent of Weston Super Maren_; has re
ceived a telegram /from a'nephew In Pe
king, dated August 1, saying: "Safe in the
British legation." « , .;-¦
SAKE TN SHANGHAI.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— The Baptist Pub
lication Society received news by .cable
to-day that- all- the Baptist" missionaries
In Eastern Central China are safe In
Shanghai. >• r -
AMNESTY- TO BOXERS.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 3.— Li Hung Chang Is
preparing a proclamation granting virtual
amnesty to Boxer3 on condition that they
cease creating disturbances. ' '
Gorresppn dents De
clare That From
Ten to Fifteen
Thousand Chris
tians Have Been
viSlaiiphteFeu p Im=
1 jer'ial,Troo;ps Out
.^side of Peking,
CONFIRM THE REPORTS OF WHOLESALE MASSACRE
TMJS -SAJS ; JfKAiNUJSCU CALiIj, SATURDAY, AUGrtTST 4, 1900.
Accepts Positio n at Berkeley.
SPRINGFIELD,:. 111., Aug. 3.-Professor
Charles A." . Koford; : in ; charge of ; the;bio
logical station at i ; the ». University , of . Illi
nois at Champaign.; has resigned to | take
effect January 1/ 1901, to accept the assist
ant ' professorship of ; embryology . in ' the
University of California." .' -.' -- •
SEVERE STORMS IN
THE UNITED KINGDOM
LONDON, Aug. 4.— A severe gale is
raging throughout the United Kingdom.
Channel traffic is duspended, causing
much inconvenience to thousands of ex
cursionists who wished to take advan
tage of the August bank holiday. _ V.
Rain ar.d wind have done much damage
in the provinces. Several small vessels
have gone ashore and many others have
been obliged to seek refuge in the har
bors. ¦ t
MAIL POUCH CUT
, AND CONTENTS REMOVEC
2
Jhe Pay's Pead
rft J The Man Who
wIImI Dresses Well
§||p«gf||^^J Has in his appearance a credential which often
B W ' saves him from much annoyance and offen-
1 ' sive examination. His personal - ap'pearance ;
• imparts confidence.
You can dress well and at a moderate ex-
pense at my tailoring establishments.
The fact that I import all good3 in very ?
large quantities enables me to make suits for !
I 25 per cent less than other tailors— a saving j
; to you of from $5 to $15 on a suit.
irvc nnuFIlVI Tin©
JOE PU H C 1 1V1, -pallor.
¦' 1110-1112 Market St. 201-203 Mont g'y S tDirector Wilkins' Servants Adhere
to Their Statement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug.- 3.— The Sheriff's
officers arrested a man last night whom
they tliought might be the man who ap
plied at State Prison Director J. H. Wll
klns' house in. this city and "whom the
domestics there had mistaken for J. E.
King, who is being pursued by the officers
of several counties for the murder of S.
H. Church. Investigation proved that the
arrested man was not the early caller at
the Wilklns. house,- whose identity is still
a mystery to all except. the two servants,
who still declare that their. visitor was the
original of a photograph of King which
had been shown them.
When seen to-day Mr. Wilklns said: "I
have little doubt that. the man who was
seen by Mrs. McCarthy and Sarah Hunter
was •King, who Is : wanted; for : murder.
Neither of the women has any reason to
make a misleading statement, and I be-
COMMITS SUICIDE
ATTHREE SCORE AND TEN
Richard Session of Mokelumne Hill
. Kills Himself After Inflicting a-
Terrible Wound in a First
Attempt.
MOKELUMNE HILL. Aug. 3.— Richard
Hession, 72 years ot age. shot himself
here Tuesday afternoon, with suicidal In
tentions. He aimed badly and the charge
struck his shoulder. Wednesday night,
after' his left shoulder, which had 1 been
terribly shattered, had been amputated,
he again fired three shots at himself from
a gun by fastening wire to the trigger
and drawing the rifle toward himself.
The first shot missed, the second took ef
fect near the left ear, and the third in
the shoulder. He succumbed to his terri
ble wounds. i
Hession was the father of the late
County Clerk of Inyo County. . He was a
guest of his daughter. Mrs. L. J. Tynan.
He had been slightly demented of -late
from- grieving over the loss of his son. At
one time he was the wealthiest- cattle
man of Inyo County.
NINE ARE INJURED
BY STRAY BULLETS
Proprietorof a New Mexico Gambling
Den and Constable Exchange
Shots— Neither Is Struck.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' SANTA tE, N. Mex., Aug. 3.— In a
shooting affray at Silver on Saturday nine
persons .were shot.
Benjamin Brough, proprietor of a gam
bling den, and -Jose M. Montez, a con
stable, quarreled and exchanged shots,
which struck neither of them but struck
nine persons who were passing at that
moment in the street. Brough was held
under $1500 bail and Mont ez under $300 bail
for the tirand Jury. .
McCaffrey's Hand in'- Politics.
Speclal Dlssatcli to The Call.
; L.OS ANGELES, Aug. 3.— The Demo
cratic County Committee will meet in
Turner Hall to-morrow for the purpose of
arranging the details for the primaries
and • the - convention < will select . delegates
to the State and Sixth District Congres
sional conventions. •. The meeting promises
to be a warm affair, as there Is a contest
between McCaffrey and , the followers of
the '¦ Southern : Pacific " road and what is
known as the "pure primaries' push." . -
SUISUN, Aug. 3.— A young mail of FaJr
fleld came to town this evening and noti
fied Under Sheriff Robinson that a trav
eler answering the description of J. E.
King, the Marin County murderer, had
passed through that town, going toward
Vacaville. Although the under sheriff
does not believe that King Is in this vi
cinity, he will start out early in the morn
ing to overtake the stranger and bring
him in If he thinks his appearance justl-
lieve that their identification of the man
as King Is correct."
If King or his double Is still in this
county, which is unlikely, he will find it
most difficult to get across the bay to San
Francisco, as every point at which he
might procure passage is closely watched
by officers.
?
Fairfield Man Thinks He Saw King.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPECIAL DISPATCH TOTHB OA.UXj.
Belief of Sheriff Taulor That the Outlaw Is Heading for
Trinity Countu Under the Guidance of a Half-
Breed Indian Who Once Before Piloted Him,
POSSES STRIKE THE TRAIL
OF FLEEING MURDERER KING
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 3.— The feature of
the Baptist Assembly to-day was a grand
sacred concert given by the best talent at
tainable. The audience was large and one
of the pleasantest evenings; during the
week was spent.
In the -morning the children gathered
together for their one hour of Bible study,
conducted by D. P. Ward. The regular
Bible study was by Rev. A. W. Rider.
The litex^ry study was "American
Women Writers," . and was discussed by
Rev. Robert WhlUker of Oakland.;, The
writers he spoke ot. were Harriet Beechei
Stowe, Margaret Fuller Ossoli and Eliza
beth Stuart Phelps.
Attractive Feature of the Day Charm3
the Visitors at Twin
Lakes.
Special Dispatch to The Call. } V:'
GRAND SACRED CONCERT
AT BAPTIST ASSEMBLY
Filial DlFpatch to The Ca'.L
SANTA FE. NJ Mex., Aug. 3.— William
Price of Rio Arriba County had an excit
ing encounter with six bcars'on the Upper
Navalo near the Colorado line. While 'n
search of a small bunch of sheep he came
upon six bruins killing his flock. The
ranchman killed one of the animals and
the others fled. "
Price tried to load the dead bear on his
horse, which became "alarmed and kicked
Price, breaking his leg near the knee.
Night came, and with It the remaining
five bears. . ¦ •
All night" Price kept the animals nt bay
with the butt of his gun, his cartridges
having run out. He was aided only by a
small collie. In the morning he was res
cued by passing vaqueros.
at Bay All Night.
William Price, Suffering From a
3roken Leg, Keeps the Animals
WOUNDED MAN FIGHTS
WITH FIVE BEARS
Special DlF^atch to The Call.
FRESNO, Aug. '3.— The Fresno County
Board of Horticultural Commissioners to
day filed reports showing that the vine
yards of the county have within the last
few weeks suffered great loss from the
ravages of the red spider. Efforts are
being made to check the ravages of the
insect, but it is estimated that at least a
third of the raisin crop will be destroyed.
The red spider attacks the leaves of the
grapevine, which they consume rapidly,
leaving the grapes exposed to the sun and
causing them to dry up before .they have
matured. The report of the Commission
ers is as follows:
"Since our June report was filed the red
spider or yellow? mite has rapidly in
creased and now spreads over the "entire
county, greatly damaging both trees and
vines; in fact, it Is our belief that as a
result the raisin output will be decreased
at least one-third. We have kept one man
constantly in the field directing the grow
ers in lighting this pest. In some In
stances they have sown their vines and
trees with sulphur by means of broadcast
seeders rigged on wagons. Many have
thus greatly reduced the ravages of the
pest, while others have, simply looked on
in amazement."
Be Destroyed.
Fresno County Will Probably
One-Third of the Raisin Crop in
RAVAGES OF THE RED
SPIDER IN VINEYARDS
Captain Mclnnes Hakes Serious
Charges Against Captain Buck
holtz, Commander of the
Vessel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 3.— Captain
D. J. Mclnnes. who ¦was the first officer
, of the steamer Alpha on her memorable
trip to Cape Nome early this season, made
a statement to-day that complicates the
position of the owners of the steamer,
who are now applying to the United States
Government to change her register to the
American flag. lie says the trip was car
ried out on the systematic plan of break
ing not only the United States coasting
laws, but the American customs regula
tions as well.
Captain Mclnnes says the owners never
had any intention of going to St. Michael,
the port for which they cleared, but in
tended to go to Cape Nome right from the
start. Nome was not a port of entry and :
It was unlawful for a British bottom to go
there, and she could never have obtained
clearance papers for Nome.
As chief officer, Mclnnes kept the log
book. He alleges that Captain Buckholtz
asked him to falsify the log to show that
they attempted to reach St. Michael, when
they did not. He also says that a con
signment of whisky and champagne was
smuggled ashore at Nome at night Just
before leaving for Vancouver. Captain
McTnnes also chefrges that another in
stance of the breaking of customs laws
was the taking north ol two scows in sec
tions, which ¦were put together at Nome.
They were worth $1000 apiece, and not a
cent of duty was ever intended to be or
was ever paid on them. He further says
that food supplies ran short in Bering Sea
and (instead of buying more at Dutch
Harbor the ship's stores were taken out
of the consignments of goods in the hold.
MORE SENSATIONS
IN THE ALPHA CASE
session of th« Congress of Reform was
held to-day. Th« last question considered
w.ts "l>egal lierorm." The mornin?
hours were spent in the closing work of
thevrarious committee* and departments.
At "the public session of the congress At
torney James If. Campbell of San Fran
clnoo delivered an address on "Legal Re-
J<,rm." l^aura do Force Gordon read a
paper upon "flefona Methods in Legisla
lir.n." Mi?s Flora Dentona. "white ribbon
missionary" in Japan, spoke of social
Iiroblems to be found and solved In tem
peranca 'w* < ?rk in Japan. The main feature
of the night session was an address upon
the present reform movement in its
various aspects, by Thaddeus S. Fritst of
Legal Beforrn the Topic at the Pacific
Grove CongTess.
PACIFIC GHOVE, Aug. 3.— The closing
LAWYEHS HAVE AN INNINGS,
Postoffice and Army Ch'anges and
List of Pensions Granted.
Ej^cial IM«>atch to The Call.
W VSHINGTOX. Aug. 3.— Postmaster
commissioned: ChristUn P. Xjltson, Seiad
Yal£v. Cal; appointed: Calif ornla-J. E.
j^w/Daulton Madera C^my vice j g
f^rS^vlv^^nty. vLV^Fa'rey.
reared" Orepon-^Charles Overly. Weath-
Irby. Baker County, vice Nettie Roach.
rt p£ri'n2' Coast pensions have been grant
ed Can/o 0 rn1arOriglnal T Alden S Johnson
Fresno. $<>; Samuel- E. Kyburg. ShinRle
Springs K: James A. Depoy. Oakland. »:
WiJliam Lamasney. Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles, tfc Restoration and reissue—Jo
seph G. Harrison, dead, Los Angeles 512.
Oregon: War with Spain— Harry c. Em
ery. Ashland, IS. , . ,„ tri-.u
Washington: Original— John \V . litgn
land, Waitsburg. S6.
Major Robert J. Gibson, surgeon, is or
dered to San Francisco as attending:, sur
geon and medkal superintendent of the
army transport service there, relieving
Major William H. Arthur, ordered to
Taku. China.
Captain John Gibbon Jr., assistant <juar
ttrmaster, Portland. <fr.. is ordered to San
Francisco for duty on the transport Rose
crans.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
cisco and San Matpo Electric Railway
Company and the Sierra Railway Com
pany, or California, were before the
State Board of Equalization to-day.
The report of the former company
showed that the total length of the main
track is 2^.22i» miles, of which 21.3'.* miles
are in the city and county of San Fran
cisco and 7.02 miles in San Mateo County.
The gross earnings were reported to be
$2T4 i'S,. as against $204,440 last year; gross
or«=rating expenses are $1«*.713. a&ainst
J1 V 7 44b for last year, and the net earn
ings are $34,714. asainst $16,992 last year.
Nothinc developed to-day to vary the re
port The representative of the company
eaid that to yield a return of C per cent
on the investment the Kross net earnings
should be, as he claims experience shows,
from 114 to 12U n*r cent por annum on
the investment. How far the Board of
Equalization may agr*-e with him will
be ascertained next Monday, when the
board will make the assessment.^
S D Freshman, on bf half of the faierra
R'iilway Company of California, made a
(supplemental statement, segregating the
item of miscellaneous expenses to the
amount of SS4/J53 20, shown by the report
from this year. <
Tells Equalizers That Gross Net Re
turns Should Be Over 11 Per
Cent on Investment
6ACRAMKNTO. Aug. 3.— The San Fran-
RAILWAY MANAGER'S VIEW
OF PROFITABLE EARNINGS
day iret out a writ of mandate against
I>r. \V. P. Mathews, secretary of the
State Board of Health, to compel him to
make puUic reports on the bubonic
; :.ii :.¦¦ in San Francipco.
The stcretarv has In his possession re
ports signed by Dr. Mouser and Dr.
Ryfkogel, concerning the plague in San
Francisco, which reports were made to
the board and filed. Yesterday a repre
sentative of the paper made a formal de
mand upon I>r. Mathew\s for the reports.
uilh jHjrmission to copy them. Dr. Math
fws, acting upon instructions from the
board, denied access to the reports, stat
ing that they could not be seen until ac
tion was taken by the board, which would
nut mt-et until August 12. He admitted
that he had the reports, but declined to
mate what they contained.
This noon the Bee made sworn state
rn>-nts of the facts before Judge E. C.
Hart of the Superior Court, and a writ of
mandate was at once issued, ordering Dr.
Matht-ws to allow the representative of
the Bee to Inspect the reports of Dr.
Mouser and Dr. Ryfkogel, or to show
cause why this should not tx> done. The
mrit is made returnable at 1:30 o'clock to
rrorrow afternoon and was given at once
to the Sheriff's office for service.
While Dr. Mouser's report takes the
view that there has been no bubonic
plague in San Francisco, it is understood
that the report filed by Dr. Ryfkogel
takes an entirely opposite stand.
Sacramento Newspaper Secures Issu
ance of Writ of Mandate Against
Dr. Matkews of State Board
of Health.
SACRAMENTO. Aue. 3.— The Bee to-
INVOKES LAW TO OBTAIN
REPORTS ON THE PLAGUE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 3.— The Chris
tian Church has always been In
the front in the line of temper
ance work and the entire day of
the convention has been devoted
to this cause. Leading temper
. ance workers discoursed to-day,
Including Mrs. St. John of Kansas.
The speakers and singers were liberally
appla.uded by the audience, which was
large and enthusiastic. A feature was
the singing, which was ltd by the Rev.
Thomas Lawson and a quartet.
The Rev. J. D. "Wilmot conducted the
morning devotional exercises.' A forty
minute symposium on "Why I Am for
Temperance" was conducted by J. Dur
ham of Irvington. Two-minute talks were
given by various persons. Following the
symposium Miss Maguire of Saratoga
rendered a beautiful solo.
Mrs. Eugenia St. John of Kansas, who
was present at the convention, made a
stirring address on "The Church and the
W. C. T. U."
The other speaker of the morning was
the Rev. J. R. Knodill. assistant State
superintendent of the Anti-Saloon League.
The session closed with the hymn
"America" and the benediction was pro
nounced by the Rev. M. D. Buck of the
local Methodist Church.
This afternoon there was a children's
rally— an hour of song and recitations.
The Young People's Temperance Union's
half-hour was conducted by Miss Emlly
Webb Gersty.
"The Patriotism of the Church" was the
subject of an address by Dr. John A. B.
Wilson of the Howard-street M. E.
Church of San Francisco. This was fol
lowed by a "question box."
The sermon this evening was preached
by the Rev. W. F. Reagor of Colusa.
. The obituary committee reported the
following deaths during the past year:
P. D. Orisby and Mrs. Allie Jacobs. Montelth:
Mrs. Nora Lefreng. Geyserville; Mrs. Dr. Ul
rich, San Jose; C. C. Morse, Santa Clara; Fetter
Wilkes and Thomas Cooper, Stockton; W. H.
McRay, Cloverdale: Mrs. H. C. Ingram, Irving
ton; Dr. Meeker. Bakersfleld; W. ¦ A. Gardner.
San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Bailey and
Sophie Bledsloe, Santa Rosa; Mrs. George G.
Murphy, Marysvllle; Newton Wyckoff. Wat
sonville; W. H. Nash, San Francisco; Mrs. D.
S. Green, Elk Creek; W. C. Kerr, Mrs. Mat
tie McWilllams. Miss Dora Williams Mrs.
II. G. Harriman, John D. Rice, W.T. Mulltns,
Saratoga; Mrs. Anna Sharp, Hanford; Fred
erick Dunkan, Jane» Knetzer, Lizzie Conners.
Red Bluff; Bettie Thomas, San Jose ; J. M. R.
Spinning, Los Angeles; Grandma Knight.
Sacramento; F. H. Galnes, Red Bluff; Mr, and
Mrs. l'emberton, Los Banos; Mary" Davis,
Mark Walter*., Brentwood.
Joseph Albright of "Watsonville report
ed for the auditing committee.
Henry C. Shadle of Sacramento was
elected chairman for the convention next
year and J. C. Williams of Winters as
secretary.
The Rev. J. A.' Brown of Salinas is to
be evangelist for the Sacramento district
and will commence work September 1.
The delegates who have registered this
week since Saturday are: v
Lee Toblte, Aurora; Leonard Wright. San ¦
Joee; M. J. Cull 'Hajrwards; Dr. E. Cassell.
Salinas; Mrs. J. A. Kerr. Saratcsr-i; Mrs. J. T.
VoKle. Ethel Vegle. Knights Ferry; Mrs. F.
Messmef, Mildred Kerr, Saratoga; Emma
Brldgewater. Watsonville: Clara Thomas. San
Jose; I^ulu Ringer, Stockton: Mrs. K, Norton,
Lodi;" Edith Garner,* E. E. Blodgett. Atampo;
H. C. Neumeyer. Wheatland; J. H. ilughef,
Chico; J. W. Stafford. Acampo; Katie Pierce,
Grade Rawllns. Elk Creek; Mm. J. W. Wil
liams, Winters: Mrs. Joseph Lowe. Bakers
field ;. George C. Russell, Los Gatos; Miss H.
F. Sutter. Woodbridge; Mrs. A. A. Slawson,
Sacramento: Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Eaton. Mr.
and Mrs. J. Albright, Miss Myrtle Albright.
Miss Etta Albright, Mrs. L. . M. Tuttle.
Martha Gilbert. E. J. Mann Annie, Fred,
Edna, Edith and Anne -Mann, Mr. and Mrs. M.
T. Rowe, Clark Horkabout, Lorena, Myrtle and
Rhoda Rowe. Miss Susie I>?wis, Mrs. Lulu
Redman. Mabel. Harry. , Shirley and Willie
Rowe, Mra. S. C. Hurd. Myrtle Hurd, S. C.
Hurd, Mrs. J. Mills. Mr. and Mrs. L. A- Brew
ster, A. Brewster, Miss Eva Brewster, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Horn, Watsonville: Dr. and Mrs.
A. Mayhew, Palo Alto: Mr. and Mrs. W. W.
Eden, Fresno; Mrs. L. J. Martin, Los Gatos;
Walter Keller, Nellie Keller. Concord; George
Breckenrldpe, Concord; Mr. and Mrs. L. O. Fer
guson, Modesto: Thomas Barr. Mrs. S. A. Aus
tin, Oakland; Joseph Shields. Nipomo: Mrs. D.
B. Lacy, Muth. Helen and Frank Lacy, Wood
land; Mrs. J. E. Wylie, Butte City; Mrs. W. W.
Reasor. Colusa; Mrs. A. J. Hall, San Jose;
Mrs. Ethel Johnson, Williams; Mrs. A. E.
Curtner. Mrs. H. Curtner, Warm Springs; Rev.
Mr. and Mrs. Heraln Van Kirk. Berkeley: Mrs.
Mary Burd, Mrs. Fanni? Koebel, Mrs. S. L. Ne
combe, Alameda; Mrs.. Julia M. Clevey, Mrs.
M. A. Connell, Mrs. E. Woodey. San Francisco;
Mrs. n. W. Craigr, Emma Souders, J. H. Dill,
San Jose; Mrs. M. J. Fox-gate. Miss Carrie. For-
Kate, Mrs. E. . J. Baker. Santa Clara; Guy
Kaft, Irvington; Mr. and Mrs.-J. R. Wooley,
Holllster; Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Garner, Hol
lister; Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Lane, H. C. Wessen
berger, Watsonvllle: L. McGulre. Arthur Mc-
CJuire, Saratoga; Mr. and Mrs. H. I>.
Huntington. Mrs. Hattle McCabe. Cor
ralitos; Mrs. W. T. Foreman. Mrs. A.
Walker. Mrs. H. B. Smith. Herbert Shadlex.
Elmer Scholes, Sacramento; J. W. Carter,
Healdsburs: Mrs. W. B. Good. Miss Chloe
Good, fc-elma; A. Nicholson, M. Nicholson, Los
Gatos; Mrs. L. C. Northrup, Ella Northrup.
Clara Northrup, Mrs.'M. A. Kein. Mrs. C. W.
Kein. Amy Kein. Llllie Billows. Acampo: Mrs.
M. S. May. Miss Gertrude May. Mrs. M. A.
Xash, Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Patchett. San Fran
cisco; Mr. and Mrs. G. R. Edmunds, Santa
Rosa; Mrs. J. A. Ott. Miss Rena Ott. Los
Gatos; Mrs. E. A. Balzan, Woodland; T. B.
Hood. Santa Rosa; Mrs. J. E. Pollard. Kay
McLeod. San Jose; Avis A. King, Los Gatos.
Mrs. M. A. Houston, Mrs. W. D. Houston,
W. D. Houston. Miss Etta Phillips. Chico; Roy
Smith, Fred Smith. Mrs. Dumas. Freda Ew
lng. Fresno: Mrs. E. A. Rose. Oakland; Miss
Dorothea Patchett. Pan Francisco; Mrs. S. A.
Short, San Jose; Mrs. G. A. Morehead, Wat-
GROUP OF CHRISTIAN MINISTERS IN FRONT OF TABERNACLE AT GARFIELD PARK.
sonvllle; George Cutler, Irvington: May Milne,
Sacramento; Georpe Shaefer. Nellie E. Hen
drick, Ima Hendrick. Berkeley; Isaac S. Brown,
Mrs. G. C. Brown. San Juan; Mrs. L.. W. Leek.
Auburn; Mrs. O. N. Patterson. Mabel and Rosj
Patterson, San Jose; A. W. Mills. Mrs. J. S.
Kinsr, San Jose; Professor R. A. Grant. Wood
land; Nellie E. Jones. Woodland; Mr. and Mrs.
F. Blodgett. Elsie Blodeett, Sacramento; E.
Short. V. A. Howell, Mr. and Mrs. E>. Thorn
ton. San Jose; J. N. Wyatt, S. A. Wyatt. Win
ters; Mrs. C. Bowles. Fowler; Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. McCullough. Maxwel McCullough, Jamei
McCulloueh. Irvington: J. W. Craycroft, Warm
Springs; Mrs. A. Wylle. Butte City; the Rev.
and Mrs. J. r>. Wilmott. Mrs. E. P. Gordon.
Miss Martha Stewart. Mabel Hall. Jane Hatha
way, Mrs. B. B. Burton. San Jose; Mrs. E. H.
Freelyn. Saratoga; Mrs. Greenwood. Mr. Allan
son, Mrs. Baldwin. Holllster; Mr. and Mrs. F.
II. Brltton. Ylsalia; James K. P. Dickaon.
Cliico; Mr. and Mrs. V. E. Shane. Mrs. J. N.
Sallee. Mis3 Delia Sallee, Mrs. F. M. Jones.
Sacramento; L. S. Bradley. Corralltos; Benton
Hockabout. Mountain View; Mr. and Mrs. H.
I>. Wylle. Butte City: Mr. and Mra. T. D. Bnt
ler. Willows; Mrs. F. G. Morris. Woodland;
Miss Vtctorene Hartley, Berkeley; Rev. Thomas
Edwards. Oroville; Miss Elvira Edwards. Miss
Mary Edwards, Gilroy; Mr. and Mrs. H. T.
Gunn. San Jose. Mrs. A. Wylie. L.. L. Babcock.
Butte City: Mrs. X. Fadloch. Madison; Ada M.
Cassady, Fred Cassady, Corralltos; Rosie Hock
about, Mountain View; May H. Kin;, Dora
A. Eglingtcn. Josephine M. Nuss. Los Gatos;
H. C. Shropshire. Mrs. Lucy Shropshire. Lodl;
F. C. Drake, Vallejo; Charlie W. Hunting.
Acampo; Mr. and Mrs. W. Bates. George Wil
let, Armona; Harry Curtner. Warm Springs:
Gertrude Howe, Hanford; Mrs. Mattie Ander
son, Santa Clara; Miss Annie Martin, Fresno;
Mrs. W. A. Rlae. Saratoga; Mrs. L. Ferdinsr.
Mrs. L. Brelteribucher. Lodi; J. D. Axteil.
Woodbrldge; H. Bridgewater. Watsonvllle;
Laura Candill. Mrs. E. Candlll. Corralltos;
Miss G. G. Smith, Vacaville; E. H. Plummer.
Lodi; Mrs. M. Spurjreon, Cleo SpurReon. Palo
Alto; Mrs. E. T. Stafford. Mrs. Jane Stafford.
Acampo; Mr. and Mrs. Frank Plant. Fresno;
J. J. Burnett. HoIHster: Mrs. M. Farnsworth,
Orand Island; R. W. Lines. S. J. Lines. Lns
Gatos; Lulu Leak, Auburn; D. B. Lacy. Wood
land; Joseph Gossett, Oroville; Eva and Luda
Oossett. Palo Alto.
BIG STRIKE
ON CANADIAN
PACIFIC LINE
Fifteen Hundred MacWnists
and Fitters Leave tlie
Shops.
BOTH SIDES STATE THE CASE
Mechanics Claim Their Wage Is Too
Small, and Superintendents Say
Men Have No Just Cause.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Augr. 3.— From
Fort William, the headquarters of the
Lake Superior division of the Canadian
Pacific Railway, to the western terminus
at. Vancouver every machinist and fitter
has gone out on strike. In Vancouver
eighty men have left their work,
and this Is the case all through.
British Columbia, the Northwest and
Manitoba, Between 1200 and 1500 men
are now out, and If the strike Is not set
tled within a few days other mechanics
probably will quit work, thus swelling the
total number to over three thousand.
With only the machinists out trains would
probably be able to run without trouble;
but if all the carshop men Join the
strikers in sympathy with the general
movement the railway system would be
paralyzed within a few days.
The strike trouble has been browing' for
a long time. It began last November,
when the boilermakera at the Central
machine shops at Winnipeg went out on
strike. They had a long series or griev
ances against the company and a tem
porary arrangement was then* come to
with General Western Manager White.
Manager White returned three daya ago
to Winnipeg from a tour of China and
now has another strike on his hands. In
Vancouver the men claim they have causa
for a strike. Thre» weeks ago William
MacClaln. president of the Machinists*
Union, was discharged because he was
taking too active a part against the can
nerymen In the salmon fishermen's strike
on the Fraser River. Then, out of the
eighty machinists employed In the shops
In Vancouver, fifty were discharged the
other day on grounds that, owing to the
failure of the Manitoba wheat crop, the
company must reduce expenses and there
would be much less work for the shops.
This morning the thirty remaining ma
chinists and fitters laid down their tools
In response to a telegram from the head
quarters at Winnipeg. One of the princi
pal local grievances Is that the company
refuses to treat with the men In their
request for a raise of wages from 12 80
to $3 per day. MacClaln, president of the
union, said to-day:
In May last the machinists asked the com
pany to adopt their schedule of prices and the
rules that had been arranged by the union.
The company refused at that time to treat with
th<- machinists and said they could not afford
to Increase wages owing to the partial failure
of th« wheat crop in the Xorthwest. Frequently
during the pant few months the company has
been requested to adopt the union schedule, but
th» tame reply was always given — the company
declined to treat with the union. We ask an
increase from 2S cents to SO cents per hour.
Men have also been discharged for representing
fellow-workmen on commlttemi of investigation.
We were refused the privilege of laying a
grievance before the general management at
Winnipeg and the free paasage of a delegate
was stopped.
General Superintendent Marpole said
to-day that the men here had gone out on
instructions from "Winnipeg, and here
they did not know what they were strik
ing for. He thought the local grievances
were trivial and that the whole trouble
emanated from Winnipeg. It was pecu
liar, he said, that men should go on strike
and not know what It was for.
There was no demonstration when the
men quit work this morning.
MOUNTAIN RESERVE FIRES
ARE DUE TO INCENDIARIES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Such Is the Uglu Rumor Current in Los Angeles,
Where Great Watersheds Mau Be Devastated,
fop the Flames Are Gaining-
Fuller Is a Friend to Gage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 3.— The announce
ment that the appointment to the vacant
position on the Superior bench Is this
county is to go to George Fuller creates
little surprise, as his name was the first
mentioned for the position when the news
of the death of Judge Hughes in Wash
ington was first announced. He la a
warm personal friend of Governor Gage
and It has been known that the Governor
would be glad to naine-'him for any posi
tion he would accept. Mr. Fuller has
been practicing law here since 1S87 and
has been mentioned as a candidate for
the nomination by the Republicans at sev
eral conventions. He Is now a member of
the firm of Fuller & RIall.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 3.— The fire In the
mountains appears to be gaining on the
fighters and is raging worse than ever.
And now come stories of incendiarism.
As seen from this city to-night the flames
appear to be nearer the foothills than at
any time since they started.
Eatons Canyon, the watershed that sup
plies Pasadena with water, Is In the great
est danger, as the flames have Invaded the
canyon. Every man. who can be secured
by the city officials and Board of Trade of
the Crown City is being sent to the scene.
If money can check the flames, plenty of
it is on hand and there will be no lack of
men if men can be hired. There Is no-di
rect news from the fire, but a party is
coming out, who will probably reach Pas
adena during the nignt, when It will be
known how great a foothold the flames
have obtained in Eatons Canyon, which
is recognized as one of the most Impor
tant watersheds in Southern California.
The Monrovia Peak lire Is also unsub
dued. W. M. gturtevant is directing the
fighters there in the hope of saving west
Fork and Stui tevants Camp. At the best,
the situation is such as to cause grave
anxiety by every water user in Pasadena.
Not to carelessness or accident alone is
attributed the widespread havoc wrought
by the fire In the San Gabriel forest re
serve. To the act of criminal negligence,
to which, with apparent justness, is
ascribed the origin of the conflagration
that has been raging in the mountains
north of Sierra Madre for nearly two
weeks, now Is added the crime of incen
diarism, according to late reports from the
scene of'the fire in the Little Santa Anita
Canyon. If these reports be true, the fire
which broke out afresh In the Little Santa
Anita Wednesday afternoon was deliber
ately set in three different places by some
miscreant.
Forest Ranger Arthur Carter, Ranger
Phil Begue and other smoke-begrimed cit
izens, who are battling valiantly with the
flames in Little Santa Anita Canyon, are
firmly convinced that Wednesday's unex
pected outbreak was not accidental. Com
ing so soon after the strike of a body of
fire-fighters,, who mutinied without any
apparent cause except a possible disincli
nation to give value received in work for
the stipend allowed them by the Govern
ment, there would appear to be ground
for suspicion of insendlarlsm, even If
there were no posltve evidence to that
effect. But there is evidence that such
deviltry has been committed, although
the author of the crime may never be
ferreted out.
Barn and Horses Are Burned.
SAN itAFAEL, Aug. 3.— An incendiary
fire started on the ranch of Thomas.
O'Connor, near San Quentln. early this
morning. Before the flames could be got
ten under control ' $6000 of damage had
been done. A hundred and fifty tons of
hay, seventy-five hogs, four horses and
several wagons were burned. The Insur
ance is $1000. Officers will investigate.
Grain Fire at Lodi.
LODI, Aug. 3. — A grain fire on the Barn
hart ranch here to-day caused a loss of
about 75 acres of standing grain. The fire
is supposed to have been started by a
spark from a passing train.' Section hands
did service in preventing the spread of the
flames. ¦¦-¦¦-.¦¦¦ -¦
expectations the Fitzgerald murder case
did not go to the jury to-day. The de
fendant was upon the stand from about
1:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon until ad
journment, all this morning and part of
this afternoon, most of the time being oc
cupied In cross-examination". He was
made to repeat over and over again the
minutest details of the tragedy and the
various conversations had between him
and Lennon.
The time occupied in taking rebuttal
testimony was very short, and all the tes
timony was in and the case ready for
argument about 3 o'clock. The rest of
the time up to adjournment was occupied
by District Attorney Bullock in arguing
the case to the Jury.
Mr. Boardmin will commence the argu
ment for the defendant upon the opening
of court to-morrow morning and will
probably consume two hours, so that the
case will not be submitted to the Jury
before to-morrow afternoon.
ALASKA BOUNDARY
WORK IS COMPLETE
Delimitation Commissioners Say the
Provisional Line Has Been
Marked Satisfactorily.
Special . Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 3--Members of
the Boundary Delimitation Commission,
which has been marking the provisional
boundary on the Chilkoot, Chllcat and
White passes, arrived by the steamer
Queen, which returned from Alaskan
points to-night, and In Interviews the
Commissioners, W. F*. King, for Great
Britain, and O. T. Tittman for America,
said the work had been completed to the
satisfaction of all. The last work was
done on the summit of the Chilkoot, and
Tittman said the towns of Dyea and
Sheep Camp were deserted.
A mysterious tragedy, believed to be a
murder bv Indians, Is reported from
Halnes. The body of George Metcalf, a
trapper, who. with one Nelson, as partner,
had been catching foxes near Halnes, was
found nine miles from the town much de
composed, and Nelson cannot be found.
The Coroner's inquest could not ascribe
the cause of death, but the prevailing
opinion was that he had been murdered by
Indians, who were known to have threat
ened him and his partner. What has be
come of Nelson is unknown.
The steward who was drowned in the
Florence S disaster was Walter Monaste*
of Skaguay. Monastes was standing on
the deck with Captain Barrington»when
the steamer turned turtle and was as cool
as any one on board. He admonished all
not to get excited and worked hard to
rescue the passengers. He was an excel
lent swimmer and remained on top of the
water for some time, but finally disap
peared and was seen no more. Charley
Sinclair, well known in Skagnay. where
he worked during 1S9S and the following
spring as a packer and who was familiar
ly known as "Caribou," was the hero of
the hour. He was on the illfated craft
at the; time of the accident, but landed
in the water right s!de up. He caught an
upturned boat belonging to the ship float
ing near .him and righting the same
picked up nearly all the passengers and
crew that were saved, paddling between
wreck and shore with one broken oar and
carrying three persons at a time. Xo
bodies have been recovered.
Bolinas Republican Club.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 3.— A McKinley
and Roosevelt Club was formed at Bo
linas last night. The following officers
were elected: Fresident, Alex McCurdy;
vice president, Eb. Wllklns, and secre
tary, Wallace Morse. ? The meeting was
largely attended and 1 much enthusiasm
was manifested.
WILL GO TO THE
JURY THIS AFTERNOON
All the Evidence in the Lennon Mur
der Case Is In and Arguments
•, : Nearly Finished.
Special* Dispatch to The, Call. s
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 8.— Contrary tp
An investigation at the point where "Wilson" attempted to kill himself dis
closed the fact that his clothing had been destroyed by the fire. In the ashes
In the bottom of the stump the searchers found a cheap nickel watch, a white
handled knife, a revolver of the bulldog pattern, a pair of steel rimmed glasses.
J12 13 in coin and an empty vial with the name "Wm. J. Bryan, Chemist, San
Francisco," blown In the bottle.
Diligent Inquiry In Oakland last night failed to give any clew to the identity
of the man who tried to kill himself at Guerneville.
Allen Morse, a camper from Oakland, declares that the would-be suicide is a
resident of Oakland and that his family is well-known in that city. He is about
26 years old. From Morse's statements it is further gathered that "Wilson"
is a bookkeeper in one of the hardware stores of Oakland.
To-day the man's brother and sister arrived here, but refused to make any
statement or give their names. They took the despondent brother with them
when they left several hours later.
To questions as to his Identity he gave the name of George "Wilson. He said
he was a lawyer of San Francisco, but had not been practicing his profession
for several years, owing to ill health. The cause of his attempt at self destruc
tion, he said, was despondency. He further said that four years ago he had at
tempted to take his life.
Half an hour later Restaurant Proprietor John Hansen was startled to see a
piny, naked man sway at his doorway a moment and then fall heavily. Han
sen ran out and the man implored him to get a doctor, as he had taken poi
son. A physician was hastily summoned and by the use of antidotes the
strang-er -was soon out of danger.
GUERNEVILLE, Aug. 3.— Suicide by poison and fire was the fate chosen for
himself by an unknown young man who came to Guerneville last night. After
swallowing a big dose of cocaine he took off his clothing, made a bonfire of it
in a hollow stump and then climbed into the stump to be cremated. But he still
lives because the courage to carry out his grim resolution failed him.
It was about 7 o'clock last night that a man who gave his name later as
Georpe Wilson, which is believed, however, to be fictitious, climbed a steep hill
side about a mile south of Guerneville. He rested for a few minutes when he had
come to a big hollow tree stump. Then he swallowed twenty grains of cocaine,
according to Ms statement. This done, he removed all his clothing and care
fully piled it in the hollow stump and made a bonfire of it. The poison having
begun to take effect on him, he crawled into the etump and lay down, to furnish
a eensation for Sonoma County. ' '
His Intentions were deadly enough, and he thought that the flames of the
blazir.g stump would consume his body and all his belongings, thus destroying
nil trace of himself or his fate. But when the flames began to flare higher, the
intense heat roused him from the lethargy cauted by the poison, and he crawled
out of the self constructed furnace. Dazed and scorched, naked as the day he
came into the world, he stood there in the night breeze, and all his nerve left
him. He turned and staggered down the hills.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
Made a Bonfire of His Clothing in a Big Hollow Stump, Swal
lows Cocaine and Then Crawls Into the Furnace,
but Repents of His Action.
Unknown Young Man, Claiming to Be a San
Francisco Lawyer, Startles Guerneville
by Attempting to Cremate Himself.
BY POISON AND FIRE
HE SEEKS TO DIE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 4, 1900.
Mrs. Eugenia St. John, Wife of the Famous Kansas Prohibitionist,
Delivers an Address to a Large and Enthusiastic Audience
That Applauds the Sentiments of the Speaker.
TEMPERANCE DAY AT GARFIELD
PARK'S CHRISTIAN CONVENTION
LAYTONVILLE, Aug. 3.— The posse in
the expedition, headed by Sheriff Taylor
of Marin County, in pursuit of Murderer
King, arrived here to-day from the moun
tains. All the members of the pursuing
party were In an exhausted condition, due
to the intense heat and the trials Incident
to mountain travel. The posse shows no
discouragement and promises to organize
a more determined pursuit to-morrow.
It is understood a good clew has been
found by the other posse, under the
leadership of Officer Grubb, who went
north to Bell Springs Wednesday, and is
now hot after King through a blind trail
leading- into Covelo and thence to Trinity
County. Sheriff Taylor and his men say
to-night they will meet Officer Grubb's
posse in the mountains early to-morrow
and co-operate with him. The following
route of Sheriff Taylor's hunt, as, related
by himself, will convey an adequate Idea
of the great amount of traveling they did:
From Ukiah north to WIHits; thence
southeast to Cahto; crossed Eel River;
thence north to Red Mountain; thence
north to Bell Springs; thence west to Leg
gett Valley; thence back to Laytonville,
with all trace of King lost.
Sheriff Taylor declares no one can have
a Just appreciation of the magnitude of
the chase until he has traveled over those
chemessal mountains, going through
places where scarce a grizzly bear would
attempt to force his way.
In speaking of Murderer King, the
Sheriff states it is not generally known
that when King shot a man some years
ago he immediately escaped to his father
in-law's ranch, near Skaggs Springs, where
he enlisted the services of a half-breed
Indian employed on the ranch to pilot him
through the less frequented trails Into
Trinity County. Taylor asserts he has
positive evidence now that this same half
breed Indian is assisting In King's flight.
The mountain passes off from the main
highways are so cut up into blind trails,
sheltered by dense., timber, that, with
the aid of an experienced guide. King can
easily escape. Taylor says the reputa
tion of the half-breed Indian guide is
such that should the posse surround them
a bloody fight will ensue. The general
opinion of the officers is that if King were
alone he would have been captured long
ago.
Officer Grubb. the leader of. the Trinity
County posse, sends in the news that he la
on a good trail of two men going over the
mountain pass from Mendocino into Trin
ity County, and has information that one
of the men is a half-breed Indian. This
Information received by Sheriff Taylor to
night has acted as a sort of stimulus on
all connected with the pursuit, which will
be vigorously beeun at daylight. Taylor
declares he will not return without his
man, being fully convinced that he is on
the right trail.
DECLARE IT IS KING.
3
AD V KRTISTTM ii im iS.
Young Matrons
Who preserve the charms of face and
figure in spite of an increasing family
and the care of growing children are
always to be envied. As a preservative
of health and
H^K^S^iiA-JL^ beauty Doctor
JG^IXS^T-siiXftiSs Pierce' 3 Favor-
t£rj£|P&gp$&Srett[^ has been hailed
¦Xz^.-4^S^ l Sfc^Bfcft4jS?Wfty*^^*-* by women as <x
l&ttOTf \W* an<^ enjoy the
of Downing, Dunn
Co., Wis., writes: n I have been intending to
write you ever since my baby was born in re-
gard to what your ' Favorite Prescription ' has
done for rat. I cannot praise it enough, for I
have not been as well for five years as I now an.
In July last I had a baby boy, weight it pounds,
and I was only sick a short time, and since I got
up have not had one sick day. I have not had
any internal trouble since I grot up. I was not
only surprised myself bat all of my friends here
are surprised to see me so well."
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, every
woman's friend, is s«nt free on receipt
of stamps to pay cost of mailing only.
Send 21 one^eat stamps for book in pa-
per covers, or 31 stamps in cloth bind-
ing, to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS."
Travelers from every portion of tb*
globe ibow their appreciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
In these hotels by making them thetr
headquarters when vUltlng Baa
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passaeeway
and operated under ens manas*-
ment on the American and European
plans. ~BRIGHTON CUP RACES.
One gaslight gives out as much carbonic
add yas as two sleeping persons.
Messages were also exchanged between
the President and American residents in
the Azores, a? well as messages from the
American officials at the capital and local
officials at the Azores.
The new cable connects at- the island
of Fayal with the Europe and Azores
Company's lines from the Azores to Port
ugal and is tbe first to connect ' the
Azores with the United States. . It also
opens direct communication for the first
time with this country and Portugal.
¦ , » ¦
McKinley Leaves Washington.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— President Mc-
Klnley left the city to-night* on' his re
turn to Canton, Ohio, to resume his vaca
tion.. Accompanying him were Charles G.
Dawes, Comptroller of the Currency, and
Secretary Cortelyou.
KINO OF PORTUGAL."
tion of telegraphic communication be
tween the United States and Portugal and
tender my *>est wishes for the perpetua
tion and increase of the friendly relation*
between the iv.o countries.
« "WILLIAM McKINLEY."
"His Excellency President of the
United States of America: At this mo
ment when a new bond of progress and pf
economic development unites the Portu
guese nation with the United States of
North America I hasten to thank you for
the kind congratulations which your Ex
cellency has kindly addressed to me and
desire to express my sincerest wishes for
the prosperity of the republic of the
United States.
Opening of Communication by Wire
| With This Country and
Portugal.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— The following
congratulatory messages from President
McKinley and the King of Portugal were
flashed direct to-day between the United
States and Portugal over the new line
of the Commercial Cable Company, which
has Ju.«t been put in operation between
the Azores and this country:
"EXECUTIVE MANSION. WASHING
TON. Aug. 3.— His Majesty the King of
Portugal. Lisbon: I take pleasure in con
gratulating your Majesty on the comple-
PRESIDENT AND KING
EXCHANGE MESSAGES
Accident Aboard the Infanta Isabel
at San Sebastian.
SAN SEBASTIAN^ Aug. 3.— When the
Spanish cruiser ' Infanta* Isabel «svas about
to leave for Archacon one. of her: boilers
gave way and'the escaping steam scalded
twenty-one sailors, killing; one and seri
ously Injuring six , others. The 'cruiser"
jjbstponed her departure.
SAILORS SCALDED.
Ample Precautions Taken and There
Is No Fear of Its Spread to
This Country.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— The Marine
Hospital Service has received the follow^
ing telegram from Passed Assistant Sur
geon Thomas, announcing the outbreak of
the bubonic plague In London:
LONDON, Aug. 3.— Surgeon General, . Marine
Hospital, Washington: There have been four
cases of plapue and two deaths froni plague in
London. Diagnosis confirmed by bacteriological
examination. Do not think there will" be fur
tHer spread. • THOMAS.
Tho dispatch from Surgeon' Thomas
gives no details as to the origin of the
cases nor does It state If they were on
shipboard or within the city Itself. The
Marine Hospital Service authorities say
the instructions already given to quaran
tine officers are ample andythey express
confidence that tho disease is not likely to
reach this country. At the same time the
possibility of danger Is not ; overlooked
and quarantine officers will be watchful in
the enforcement of the regulations.
¦ ¦• •".
in the Powers case to-da^-, all but one was I
called for the purpose of attacking the
credibility of witnesses * placed on the
stand bv the prosecution.
The most important witness of the day
was Daniel R.- Collier of Lancaster, adju
tant general of Kentucky under the Tay
lor administration. He offered as testl
monv the written orders ofGovernor Tay
lor directing: him to bring the regiments
of the State Guard to Frankfort atter the
shooting of Goebel and ordering him to
confer with the civil authorities of Frank- I
lln County as to how best to preserve
peace there. This was the first appearance
of the document, which was never made
part of the State records, and Judge
Cantrlll ruled it out as Incompetent on the
objection of the prosecution that it was
not in accordance with the statutes of the
State, not directing Collier to place the
military under direction of the civil au
thorities.
The purported confession Of "Tallow
Dick" Combs, one of the alleged conspira
tors, exhibited here to-day was at. first
denied by him, but later he admitted to
one of the Interested attorneys that it Is
partially correct. The confession, if true,
throws no .further light on the case 'than
to connect Henry Youtsey, another of the
alleged conspirators, more closely with
the murder and to bear out the Idea of a
conspiracy.
DEATHS FROM BUBONIC
PLAGUE IN LONDON
Former Adjutant General of Ken
tucky Testifies in the Goebel
Conspiracy Case.
GEORGETOWN. Ky., Aug-." 3.— Of tho
eight witnesses introduced by the defense
COLLIER EXHIBITS
ORDERS FROM TAYLOR
Ilegotiating for an Island.
.-BERLIN, Aug. 3.'— Captain Rust of the
German navy has pubiteiicd a pamphlet
in which he asserts lhat two German
financial proupB am negotiating with local
.)lalay potentate* for the purchase of tha
."rtilf inland cf Po?co LonUir. ofT the
west coast of the peninsula of Malacca.
American League Ga.mes.
O™^ V nd A 7 P ° MS# AUK ' ! - M1 "r.e a poli. • 10.
•* S c I K ALKEn ' AtJr '•- a » w ««*ee 2. Indian-
pear.r,; George A. Herbst. private. Battery K,
fcuctb Artillery; Ira F. Cravel. nerReant. (>m
»>*ny L.. Fifth Infantry: Bertram P. Johnson
.rrivwir. con-.pany H. Seventh Infantry E<1
*-ard Jjfi* Bain*, acting hospital steward-
Philip J. T-buIxt. corporal. Battery B. Sixth
Artillrry; John Jnekson. hospital Eteward: N>d
M. Green, corporal. Company D, Seventh In
ijintri".
eeant. Company U, Seventh Infantry: Geoisc
«. Green, commissary cergeant. Xtnth Jntau
try; Charles L*. Woodhouw. el»»ctriclan. *e--
But Eleven Vacancies Are Now Left
Under tte Law to Be Filled From
Civil Life.
' WASHINGTON', Aup. 2.— The following
appointments of second lieutenants from
thp regular army w^-e made to-day. AH
these men have excellent service records
&nd have made uniformly high averages
in their examinations. The appointments
\iijder the law follow the "West Point class
and leave but eleven vacancies to be filled
from civil lifo. all of which have bet ri de
termined upon. In the absence of army
legislation by Congress all .vacancies of
second lieutenants are disposed ¦ of until
aft«r the next class graduates in June,
¦ James E. Fecbt. frceant. Troop D. Fixth
favalry; .Philip W. Ojrbusier, first serseant,
Troop C, Kourth Cavalry: Edward Calvert.
first Ferceant. Troop M, First Cavalry; Bruce
Palmer, sergeant. Troop H, Sixth Cavalr> :
James Houston, corporal. Troop F. Sixth <"av
airy: John li. Murphy, quartermaster ST/rpant
Hattery B. Fourth Artillery; Ward Dabney
corporal. -Company II, Tenth- Infantry. David
A. Lindsay, porgf-aut,- Battery L, Second Artil
lery; Frank R. niwardp, nergear.t.^ Battery H,
Fourth Artillery: Kobert M. Kllcott. eWtrician.
rerReant: Oeoree C. Le»i«, Mrgeant, Troop M
Third Cavalry; Bruno T. Scbrer, corprwal,
Company M. JCljrhih Infantry; Elliott' M. Nor
ton, corporal. Ccinpr.nr i\, Eighteenth Infan
try: William Korst, «-!e«rician, wtrseant; Nel«
Andfrscn. *<>rg! rant. Troop <\ First Cavalry
John.T. Porry. corporal. ISattery A Third Ar
tillery: Elliott Cavaro, private. Company . H
Fifteenth Infantry: Frank H. Kalde, perge&nt!
Company M. fcecond lr.fastry: Paul M. Good
rich, first t^rK^ent, Company M. Fourteenth
Infantry; Thomas M. liaim-p, tiuartermafter
rerg+ant. Battery E. FIxth Artillery; William
H. Patterson, private. Troop |j. Third Cavalry:
Thomas M. Hunter, corporal, Hattery O, Second
Artillery; Walter L.. need, first sergeant. Hat
tery N. Second Artillery; Ilussell C Hand, cor
poral. .Troop O. Hf-cond Cavalry: 3oscf,h C. Kay,
corporal. Company V. liattfili<jn Knijineers;
William I>. KiFtler. perxeant. Battery I>. Sev.
enth Artillery ; Arthur II. Freshwater, corporal.
Troop K. Sixth Cavalry: "Klvertpn E. Kuiier
corporal. Company E, Third Infantry: L. 1^!
Creftg, first sergeant. Company M. Twenty
fpcoivJ Infsr.tr>': William W. Taylor Jr., l>at
talion sergeant major. Fourth Infantry; Gad
llorjran. private. Company K. Fifteenth In
fantry; Gustave A. Weieser.' sergeant, Battery
G. Fourth Artillery; Frank II. Adam». first
perftoant, Corr.p&ny I, Heventeemh Infantry
Leonard Q. -Mypatt. cc>n>oral. Company H?
Twenty-third Infantry: Oliver F. Snyder. act
lne hospital steward; James V. Outhrie. com
mif.ra.ry wrpeant. Thirteenth Infantry; Henry
A. Hell, first sergeant. Company M. TweiUi.-'Jh
Infantry: William S. Nealey, t-erseant, Batt»ry
A, Bixth Artillery; Ernest G. Smith. fln«t ser-
LIEUTENANTS APPOINTED
FROM REGULAR ARMY
1:56U.
Seven furlongs — Fair Deceiver won. Expelled
second. Greetings thlid. Time. 1:2S%.
One mile and a sixteen tn—Frinco Zeno won,
Jo* Cammage second. Meggs third. Time. 1:4».
Seven furlongs— Cbappaqua won, Hldeau sec
ond, Foneda third. Time. 1:27^».
DETROIT, Aug. 3.— Tho racing at TVlnd«
sor was generally Improved to-day. Threa
favorites and two second choices captured
purses, the talent having much the best
of it. Results:
One mile— Insurrection won, St.itira second,
Al Caskey third. Time. 1:42.
SI* furlong*— Benckhart won. Jim Nap sec
ond. Miss Aubrey third. Time, 1:14.
One mile and one-eighth— Kins Elkwood won,
Tony Honie second, Bentley B third. Tune.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. Aug. 3.— Four
races were carded at Comstock Park to
day and the sport was of the finest order.
Summary:
t:U pace (unfinished). fJOO— Harry Harold won
third, fifth and sixth heats. Lottie Spon won
first and second beats. My Choice won fourth
heat. Best time, 2:12*J.
2:22 pace, $300— Strath Dennis won In straight
heats. Best time. 2:15!i.
2:30 trot. $300— Dart mora won In straight
heats. Best time. 2:lS'.i.
Open, pace, $300— Newton "W won In straight
heats. Best time. 2:U\z.
HEDRICK, Iowa, Aur. 3.— The- closing
day of the Hedrick mile track meeting
was rather disappointing from a .racing
standpoint In the 2:40 trotting and 2:27
pacing, but the 2:16 trotting proved to ba
a battle royal between Anzella and Phoebe
Onward. The former finally won. Re
sults:
2:40 trotting, purse $1500— Gamin won In
straight heats. Time— 2:23U. 2:19Vi. 3:13. Idena
second. Baron Mont third. TaCeta also started.
2:27 pacinar. purse $500 — Tripoli Girl won In
straight heats. Time— 2:13U. 2:14. 3:13'i- Joa
Wheeler second, Fred the Kid third. Allca
Grey, Eva Victor, Duster and Mauds Olsea also
started.
2:16 trottingr, purse }500 — Anzella won first.
fourth and fifth heats. Time— 2:lSVi. 2:15. t:15%.
Phoebe Onward won second and third heats and
was second. Liece third.
Wins Three Straight Heats at th3
Grand Circuit Meet.
COLUMBUS, Aug. 3.— The Grand Circuit
meeting closed to-day, having been the
most successful ever held her*. Tbe 2:13
pace was the best race ot the day. There
were six starters, with Bonnie Direct a
strong favorite and Johnny Agan a good
second choice. Bonnie Direct* s sensational
performance to-day was - due largely to
the driving of McHenry. Previous to tha
Cleveland meeting the colt had not gone
a mile in better than 2:10. At Cleveland
he went a mile in 2:09U.
Bonnie Direct and Johnny Agan were
the contending horses la every heat. In
the first the favorite forced Johnny Agan
to go the mile in the fast time of 2:0oU-
Bonnie Direct broke In the second heat
and Agan took it In slow time. The next
three beats the favorite trotted without
a skip, and though pushed by Agan won
each neat easily and had speed to spare.
Summary:
2:19 class, pacing, purse JI50O — Th* Admiral
won three straight heats In 2:09»i. 2:124%. 2:09*i.
Branden second, Daisy J third. Major, Rosa
Hal and Circle also started.
2:27 class, trotting, purse J15C0— Lord Derby
won first, third and fifth heats In 2:UH. 2:13^.
2:16. Grace Onward won fourth heat In 2:14V*.
Annla Burns III iron second beat la 2:lC'i.
Rhea, Georse E. Hutton and Walter Smith also
started.
2:13 class, pacing, purso flSOO— Bonnie Direct
won third, fourth and fifth heats. Time— 2:J7' t .
I:0SU. 2:03 1 4. Johnny Agan. second, won first
and second heats In 2:06H. 2:io>-i. Lady Pipes
third. Frielmont, Red Light and Prince Eium
also started.
BONNIE DIBECT'S GOOD WOBK.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— A World special
from London says: 'William "Waldorf, As
tor stands to-day as a man without a
country. English society has turned its
back upon him and people who were wild
to ¦ go to his sumptuous entertainments
last season now sneer openly at him. He
is now about to quit England for a year
and perhaps for good.
His apology to Sir Berkeley Milne has
not disarmed the hostile members of the
Marlborough Club, who have openly
avowed that Astor's slight to Sir Berke
ley was a slight to them all.
All through the week the club commit
tee has been in session upon a demand
signed by 180 members of that organiza
tion to take up the slight to Sir Berkeley
Milne with a view to expelling Astor. Only
the Prince of ¦'Wales' tact and good feel-
Ing has temporarily saved Astor. He sug
gested the postponement of the entire
business until alter the Goodwood races,
which was done.
"Let's give this antl-Astor feeling a
chance to simmer down," he said, and of
course it was done at once at his com
mand. . . ¦ : .
Meanwhile the millionaire Is practically
ostracized socially. - He was not invited to
the Queen's garden party this year,
though in the past he has been an hon
ored guest. This means that he has fallen
from high social estate; for to be the
Queen's guest is .to be among the elect.
It is frankly admitted at Clivedon, Astor'o
splendid villa on the Thames, that he will
not be a tenant this autumn, as has been
his custom, but will go over to the Conti
nent for a year at least. There he may
escape somewhat the social cloud under
which he now tinds himss^f.
His magazine property, the Pall Mall
Gazette, is in the market, too, and brokers
say it can be had at a very reasonable
figure — much less than the outlay already
made upon it. -
More honor has come to Sir Berkeley
llilne in proof that royalty condemns
Astor's affront. He/has been selected by
the Duke of York, as one of the six senior
naval ottlcers to represent the British
navy at the funeral of the Duke of Saxe-
Coburg.
If Astor quits England for good, as
many say he must, he will be in a queer
position. He will practically be a man
without a country, though with many
millions. The question Is, "What country
will he seek next?
Has Left England Probably for Good
and Former Friends Ask What
Country He Will Seek
'Next. '^'-jf;
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Millionaire Is Practically
a Man. Without a
SOCIETY NOW
TURNS ITS BACK
ON W. W. ASTOR
TOPEKA. Kans.. Aug. 3.— The Demo
cratic State Committee met here this
evening and decided to establish head
quarters at Kansas City. It. is understood
that the Democrats object to the activity
of women in the affairs of the Populist
party and for that reason decided to main
tain separate headquarters.
The Populist committee is still in ses
sion, debating the question of keeping
women out of the campaign anfl following
the Democrats to Kansas City. There Is
no prospect of a decision to-night. *
KANSANS OBJECT TO
WOMEN IN POLITICS
RALEIGH, X. C, Aug. 3.— The returns
to-night show that the Democratic ma
jorities in yesterday's election aggregate
C4.C7S and the fusion majorities 512.J. mak
ing the net Democratic majority 50,553.
There will be contests in several counties,
irregularities being charged in Randolph,
Barnet, Wilkes and Chatham counties. In
the latter county, in Congressman At
water's precinct, a fusion stronghold, the
Fupionists smashed the ballot box and
burned the ballots. This was the only
outrage which occurred yesterday s>o far
as known. Tho returns show that to the
Senate there are elected thirty-eight Dem
ocrats and nine Fusionists. with three
peats doubtful, and to the House ninety
tlv* Democrats and thirteen Fu?lonists,
while twelve seats are in doubt.
Merklenburg. Edgoombe and Robeson
are the banner counties so far as the vote
on th« constitutions 1 amendment is con
cerned.' Each gave it 30CO majority. New
Hanover ranks pc-eond. with 3017. There
will be only two Populists in the Legisla
ture, both 'from Senator Butler's county.
« , —
BALLOTS BURNED
IN NORTH CAROLINA
LINCOLN, Nt-br., Aup. 3.-William J.
Bryan to-day concluded the writing of his
ppceeh to be made at Indianapolis next
Wednesday In accepting the Democratic
nomination for the Presidency, lie spent
the entire day in this work, giving no time
to calk-rs. The speech is about S000 words
in length. He has adhered to his original
intention Of devoting the document almost
entirely to me question of imperialism.
In following this course he pursues the
general plan adopted in lS'.^ of sivins es
pecial attention in his notilication speech
to the pubjec-t made paramount by the
Democratic platform. For this reason the
policy of the Government with reference
to the acquisition of foreign territory will
thus be Riven the place of prominence
which was allotted to the ilnancial ques
tion in 1896, the other subjects being left
to be dealt with in the letter of acceptance
to be given out later. The remarks upon
this subject are based upon the adminis
tration's conduct of affairs in the Philip
pine archipelago.
It is now Bryan's intention to remain in
Chicago for several days, possibly a
week after the Indianapolis meeting, the
entire time to be given to conferences
with leaders of all the forces supporting
him.
Vice Chairman Edmiston of the Na
tional Populist Committee to-day issued
a call to the executive committee of that
party to meet In Chicago on the day fol
lowing the Indianapolis meeting. Mr.
Edmiston declined to state the purpose of
this meeting, but there is little doubt that
its principal object is to confer with
Bryan and other leaders, possibly with a
view of deciding what course shall be pur
sued with reference to Towne's candidacy
for the Vice Presidency.
Zdmiston Calls a \ Meeting of the
Populist National Committee for
the Day Following the In
dianapolis Meeting.
Democratic Standard- Bearer
. .Writes His Speech of
Acceptance. "
BRYAN WILL
MAKE HIS PLAY
ON IMPERIALISM
Resents Being Taken 'to Task for Suggest^
Ing That Lord Wolseley Should Give*
Authority to Military Plans.
ROSEBERY CRITICISES
MARQUIS OF LANSDOWNE
In the race for the Montcalm stakes of
30 sovereigns each and 200 sovereigns add
ed J. Musger's Princess Melton, on which
L. Reiff had the mount, was first and
Lord William Beresford's Bronze King
with J. Reiff up. was second. L. Reiff also
piloted W.H. Walker's Merry Gal, which
won the Nassau stakes of 30 sovereigns
with 200 sovereigns added, and J. Reiff
rode Lord- Ellesmere's Inquisitive, which
was n rnriii ' iHHiiiiUMllntHwniginjI
LONDON, Aug. 3.— At Goodwood to-day
the American Jockeys, J. and L. Relff,
continued their successes." The Chester
field cup, " valued at 400 sovereigns, was
won by "William C. Whitney's Spectrum
ridden by.J. Reiff. Lord Wolverton's Hor
ton, ridden by J. Reiff, won the Chichester
stakes of 10 sovereigns each and 100 sov
ereigns added.
terfield Cup at Goodwood.
Whitney's Spectrum Wins the Ches-
RETETS PILOT WINNERS.
DETROIT, Aug. 3.— Highland Park re
sults:
Six furlongs— Left Bower won, Juccoma sec
ond. Ice Drop third. Time, l:14}i-
Six furlongs— Bard of Avon won. Prince of
Song second, Annie Chamberlain third. Time,
l:o;%. -»
Seven and a half furlongs— Dangerous Maid
won. Quaver second, McGrathlana third. Time,
1:35%.
Six furlongs— Wine Press won, Hungarian
second, Annie Laureatta third. Time, 1:14U.
One mile — Alfred Vargrave won. Windward
second, George. Krata third. Time, 1:42*4-. -
Six furlongs— Nimrod won, Sachen second,
Alex third. Time. 1:16%.
Five furlongs, selling— Bowen won. Kid Cox
second. Marothen third. Time. 1:00 3-6.
Six furlongs, selling— Midnight Chimes won.
Sir Christopher second. Tinge third. Time,
1:14 2-5.
One mile and a sixteenth — Kamara won, Her
bert second. General Mart Gary third. Time,
1:46.
One mile, selling— Gold Fox won, Flaxspln
ner second. Sir FHzhugh third. Time. 1:40 1-5.
Steeplechase, about two miles— Chara Grace
won. Pave S second, Governor Budd third.
Time, 4:30 2-5.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— Favorites had
their innings at Brighton Beach to-day,
four of six getting first to the wire. In
the handicap, Kamara caught Herbert in
side the last sixteenth pole and won rid
den out by half a length. Herbert finished
a length before General Mart Gary third.
The steeplechase was a good race be
tween the favorite, Chara Grace and Dave
S. Governor Budd made the xunning for
a mile and a half, when Chara Grace and
Dave S passed him and fought It out to
the end, the former winning in a hard
drive by a neck. Results:
Five furlongs— Termless won. Agnes D sec
ond. Rochanplon third. Time, 1:01.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling — Early Bird
won. Colonel Gay second, Joe Grady third.
Time, 1:4DV6.
Five furlongs— Lakeview Belle won. Mar
guerite F second, Staff third. Time, l:02*i-
,-L*ive and a half furlongs— Merriman won.
Seething second, empirical third. Time, 1:10.
One mile — Two Annies won, Glen Lako sec
ond. Elderlm third. Time, 1:43.
Six furlongs, selling— Randazza won. Astra
second. Silent Friend-third. Time, 1:15.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 3.— Merrlman. a, fine
looking two-year-old, was the only fav
orite to take down brackets at the Fair
grounds to-day. Four well backed sec
ond choices and a long shot took the other
purses. Weather hot and track fast. Re
sults:
One mile, selling— Marie O. Brown won, Loka
second, Kitty Clide third. Time, 1:43.
One mile and an eighth — Miss Liza won, 3.
Thompson second. Warrior third.' Time, l:54Vfc.
One mile and an eighth— Clara Meade won,
Tom Galney second, Vlncennes third. Time.
1:54.
One mlle^ — Hard Knot won. Dissolute second,
Nobleman third. Time. W1H-
One mile— Pink Coat won, Imp. Mint Sauce
second. Boney Boy third. Time, 1:33!;.
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— Pink Coat's mile In
th© fifth race was the feature of the day
at Hawthorne. Pushed hard by Mint
Sauce, he ran a gallant race, and his
time — 1:39U — equals the track record.
Fondo won the first race ot the day in
impressive style over a field of thirteen.
Pirate J was the best, horse in the second
race, but lost to Van Hoorebeck by a
head. Kills Glen, a 50 to 1 shot, showed
up well in the third race. She was five
lengths in the lead at the turn for home,
where she tired. Fancywood, the favorite,
and much the best of the field, won easily.
Results:
Six furlongs, selling:— Fondo won, Edith Q
second, Woodstock third. Time, 1:13.
Six furlongs— Van Hoorebeck won. Pirate J
second, Parmenion third. Time. 1:1414.
Five furlongs — Fancywood won, Regea sec
ond, Barbara M third. Time, 1:01.
Five and a half furlongs— Billionaire won,
Denman Thompson second. King's Favorite
third. Time, 1:19%.
One mile^ — The Maroon won. Queen of Song
second, Rush third. Time, 1:40.
The Worden stakes, flve furlongs— Mau&a
won. Garter Ban second. Lady Shorr third-
Time, 1:01.
Seven furlongs— Millstream -won. Gala. Day
second. Peat third. Time, 1:2S&.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling:— Peaceful
won. Precursor second, Moroni third. Time
The feature of the day was the 'Worden
stakes, a selling affair for two-year-old
fillies. The winner was Miss Mazie Oli
ver's Mauga, who made the pace the
whole distance and won ridden out by a
length and a half from Garter Ban, an
outsider in the betting. Results:
SARATOGA. Aug. 3.— The form players
had a rough time of it to-day at the Sar
atoga track, not a single favorite pass-
Ing the winning post. Still, the winners
were all heavily played.
Pink Coat, Pressed by Mint Sauce,
' Makes a Gallant Run at Haw
i thorne and Equals the One-
Mile Record.
Not a Single Favorite
Passes- the Winning
Post.
Good Fields, Good Purses and
: Good Sport Will Mark
the Various Races.
Entries for the Running Events From
September 3 to 12 Are An
nounced by the Secretary
of the Board.
Special Dispatch j to The Call.
SACRAMENTO,- Aug. 3.— The outlook
is good for a banner race meeting at the
State Fair. The fields will be of good
classes and fair performers will contest in
all events. Some of the stakes will net
the winner over $1000. The over-night
purses are free entrance and value of $250
and $300. "
W. B. Jennings left Brighton Beach on
Tuesday, July 24, with his stable for Sac
ramento. AY. ' L. Stantield of Chicago
leaves this week, and G. B. Morris 1 West
ern string "Will also leave this week with
James Coffey. Several other strings will
also be on hand from St. Louis and Chi
cago for the State Fair races, as well as
a stable from Canada and one from
Texas.
The inside track is now In excellent
condition for the runners and over 150
horses are now being prepared here for
the State Fair. . All stalls on the track
have been allotted and all that could be
obtained on the outside are occupied, and
it is expected that not less than 100 stalls
will have to be built to accommodate ap
plicants. -This is in addition to 300 stalls
inside the track now occupied or reserved
for runners.
The following running stables axe now
located at the track at Sacramento, get
ting ready for the State Fair races:
-William M. Murry. Cambridge Stable, A. J.
Stemler & Co.. E. F. Smith & Co.; W. B. Lar
zelere, George Howson, F. Nichols, H. .Whit
man, Fred Edwards, J. G. Brown & Co., A. B.
Spreckels, F. Farrar, Owen Bros.. I. Crane,
Thomas Fox, County Down Stock Farm, J. J.
Moran. Willis Gardner, W. Short, J. Dunn &
Co., Mulholland & Co., P. Siebenthaler, I. G.
Grant P. Moore, II. P. Jones. Frisco Una.
A. Ross & Co., T. Lynch & Co. and C. Fink.
The following have applied for stalls
and their strings will race at the fair:
"W. C. B. de Lopez. John Campbell, Charles
Boots, W. B. Randall, Prince Ponlatowski. T.
Boyle & Co., I. Foley, I. G. Summers. Atkins
& Lottridge, Matt Storn, G. Abercromble, W.
B. Sink, P. A. Smythe, Dr. Rexford, .William
ApplebyT M. # P. Dodge, George Miller, Hy
Glover, E. D. McSweeney, Theodore Winters,
F. Merkle. C. Hutchinson and Gil Summers.
Burns & "Waterhouse have secured a
private barn.
The following entries for the running
stakes- for the State Fair. September 3 to
12, were announced by Secretary P. J.
Shields of the State Board of Agriculture
to-night:
The Vinctor Stake, one mile— Jenny Reed.
Morcorito. Merry Boy. Silver Tone, First Tenor.
Magnet, Zaurah, Ttrinkler. Kl Mldo, Formero,
Mable L, Casdale, Flush of Gold, Vesuviati,
Andrisa, Asian, Briar Hill, Bathos, Princess
Keika, Herculean, Kalos, Constellator.
Dew% selling stake, seven furlongs — Jenny
Reed, Mocorito, Merry Boy. Jingle Jingle, Ar
tilleryman. Bee Bee, Sunlllo, Ulloa, Sapphira,
El Mldo, Forrnoro, Rio Chico, Mabel L, Pom
plno, Alaska, Casdale, Kickumbob. Flush of
Gold, Lou- Ray, Lode Star. Anjou, Dunblane,
Redwald,- Briar Hill, Bathos, Terslna, Kalos,
Constellator, Letlgar.
Capital City handicap, one mile and a fur
long—Jenny Reed, Merry Boy, Lena, First
Tenor, Merops, Morinel, Twinkler, El Mido,
Petal, Formoro, Rio Chlco, Briar Hill, Mabel
Li, Snips. Cromwell,- Glen Ann, Qrady, Lou
Ray, Vesuvian, Andrisa, Asian, Princess Zeika,
Herculean, Kalos, Torsina, Constellator,
cltor.
The Favorite handicap, one and a quarter
miles— Lena, Jenny Reed, Merry Boy, First
Tenor, Merops. Morinel. Twinkler, Kl MIdo.
Petal, Formero, Briar Hill, Snips, Cromwell,
Kickumbob, Grady, Lou Ray," Vesuvian, An
drlsa, Asian, Grand Sachem, Herculean. Kalos,
Constellator, Vlncitor.
Sunnyslope stake, five furlongs— Miss Betsy
Shanley, Mollie Connors, Spain War, Hleklow,
Tolita,-- Palo de Rosa, Florista, Screenwell,
Lake, Luca, Glenling, Lassitude, Narra Gibson,
On Time. Carilee, Maresa, Gertie B, Lilly An
drews, Eonic. AH Silk, Hera, Bavassa, Sunoi,
Letlea.
California annual stake, six furlongs— Miss
Betsy Shanley; ¦ Billy Taylor, Articulate, Dun
free. Cambaceres, Brutal, El Topic, Pirato,
Phii Archibald. Loyal S, Maresa. - Lilly An
drews Bavasca, St. Rica, Game Warden, II
liliuon.
Shatter selling stake, six furlongs— Miss Bet
sy Stanley, Billy Taylor, Mollie Connors, Ar
ticulate Spain War, Camb.iceres. Brutal;-To
ll ta, Palo de Rosa, Florista, Phil Archibald,
Undergrowth, Glenllng, Luca, Narra Gibson,
Loyal S, Maresa. Gertie B, Lilly Andrews,
Cannon, El Rey, Helen Scratch Colt, Location,
Letisa.
Flash stake, six furlonss— Mocorita. Miss
Madeline. Jingle Jingle,' Miss Betsy Shanley,
Artilleryman, First Tenor, Hiss Rowena. Dun
free, - Sunlllo, Bamboulla, Amasa, Mabel L,
Magnet, Pomplno, February, Tres Jolle, Vesu
vian, Andrisa, Asian, "Bathos, Torsina, Kalos,
Game "Warden. True Blue, Constellator.
BANNER RACE
MEETING AT
THE STATE FAIR
ROUGH DAY
FOR THE TALENT
AT SARATOGA
Significance of f Articles of Incorporation
Filed by the Great Northern Com
pany in St. Paul;
ANOTHER STEAMSHIP
LINE TO THE FAR EAST
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— Information from
Rome is printed here to the effect that
Antonio Lanas, arrested as an accomplice
of Brespi. has confessed, affirming that a
plot existed involving the simultaneous
assafir.ation of King Humbert and Queen
Margherita.
QUEEN MARGHERITA
INCLUDED IN THE PLOT
Persia had given tAs name* as Salson. A
rr.an of this name who had been regarded
and watched as an anarchist disappear
ed from Paris In 1S95 and had not since
been located/
Salson was more communicative, to-day
and when an effort was made to interro
gate him he epjke freely of yesterday's
attempt and ventilated' his anarchistic
ideas, but when asked if he acted as the
Instrument of others he " declined to an
swer, Faying, however, that had he. killed
the Shah and escaped he would have
killed the Czar.
For a month before the attempted hom
icide Balson had been living at a small
hotel. He was there regarded as a mode.
boarder. He was regular in his habits,
but was taoituin nnd had few compan
ions. He never talked politics. During
!the last few days lie »as efpocially reti
cent. Jt Is believed he purchased the re
volver three daye ago.
May Be Guillotined.
Further Inquiries at the workincrnen'B
hott-1 where *"a!soh lived brought to
light the fact that he had been working
at day labor until recently when his work
was finished. He was then unable to find
new employment and became more com
municative than formerly, though etill
keeping regular hours 5 . Tht last few days
the question of existence was a difficult
one for him. What his punishment will
be is a matter if doubt. Probably it will
be a life F«mcnce at hard labor, though
It is possible he will be condemned to the
guillotine. Statutes provide the death
penally for attempted assassination. Val
liant. who threw a bomb into the Cham
ber of Deputies, was executed, though no
loss of life resulted from It.
Pari5 has not recovered from Its In
dignation at the attempt on the life of
Us royal curst. The preps is filled with
flp<">lr>gi<*» Hnd expressions of regret, and
\irpc* the jcuppresjrion t>f anarchiFts as a
further protection for public officials.
As a result of the attempt on the Shah's
life the curious crowd which surrounded
the Palace' of Sovereigns to-day was pre
vented from approaching the palace when
the Shah started for Vincennes, -where a
military review was held in his honor.
An escort of dragoons surrounded the
royal carriage.
Shah. Is Unconcerned.
The Shair seems the lean concerned of
all owr the tfTort to take his life, and
he has not curtailed the programme he
had in view.
The discovery of Salmon's identity was
made by means of the Bertillion system.
his meas'uromei.ts apreeir.i? with a card
at police beadQuarttrs. When shown the
card and photograph the prisoner said:
"Yep. that is 1." Hi? full name is Fran
c5p gallon. He is a Frenchman and was
born in 1£?S. He was regarded as a dan
gerooa anarchist and in October, ISTiS. was
condemned to three months' imprison
ment for preaching anarchy. In June.
1.S99. he was condemned to eight months'
imprisonment for a like offense.
LONDON. Aus. 4.— It is officially an
nounced that in consequence of the death
of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Ootha
ihr- Shah L:.s abandoned his visit to Eng
land.
: PARIS. Aug. S— The Echo de Paris says
that Salscn. although condemned to the
eight months' imprisonment last year.
; never went to prison. The police . knew
h-is. address and he never hi<i himself. The
paper Fays:
• "To what powerful protection did this
anarchist owe such a favor?"
N ow Talks Freely and Says Had He
Succeeded He Would Next Have" -
Killed the*Czar~of " :>^j
Russia.
? — • — '.
TAEIS, Aug. S— At the meeting of the
Cabinet this morning | ii was announced
that the would-be assassin of the Shah ot
Has Twice Been Imprisoned
lor Preaching -
Anarchy.
ASSAILANT OF
SHAH IDENTIFIED
BY THE POLICE
.-• The -municipality of Monsa.has pur
chased ;- the • ground on ; which .' the crime
was committed Inorder.-to erect a monu
ment or a charitable institution.
; Numerous have begun, to dec
orate the Chamber where the remains of
King i Humbert s will ; finally , lie, - and they
will - continue night and day until the
work is . completed. ':r--*F&m#mS ) QttXam&£
"The police believe that the man who has
been •¦ at Monza .; with ¦ Bressi : is .: Lcandre
Nicoli of Briella; a missing anarchist.** : ; ,vy
Signor Valla, president of the Chamber
of Deputies, informed a" group of Deputies
yesterday that King Humbert's will had
not" been found. .
ROME, Aug. 3.— The examination of JJa
tale Fossitnzinl, the anarchist who .was
arrested at Ancona, revealed the fact that
he" went to Monza some, time ago, where
he was known under an assumed r name.
He. was 'close-shaven when arrested and
.wore a shirt and handkerchief • stained
with blood.
HUMBERT'S WILL HAS
NOT BEEN FOUND
MILAN, Aug. 3.— Lieutenant Bressi,
brother, of King Humbert's assassin, has
informed .the colonel of his regiment of
his intention . to leave ' the army and
change his name. He will be provided
with an appointment in the civil admin
istration. A duel with sabers has been
fought between Captain TanI and Captain
Baccilll on the subject .of Lieutenant
Brepsi's course. Baccllli was wounded in
the head during the sfxth onslaught.
ASSASSIN'S BROTHER
TO LEAVE THE ARMY
MONZA. Aug. 3.— The remains of King
Humbert were to-day placed In a casket
of walnut covered with lead and glass in
such a manner as to leave the face ex
posed. The ceremony which took- place in
the presence of the royal family was very
touching. Queen Margherita placed the
Italian flag with the arms of the House
of Savoy over the corpse. ,
BODY OF HUMBERT IS
PLACED IN A CASKET
BRUSSELS, Aug. 3.— In reply to the note
of the British Government expressing re
gret that the proceedings against Slpido,
the assailant of the Prince of Wales,
should have had such an utterly inade
quate ending, the Belgian Government
says that as a strict observer of the laws
it was unable to violate them, however
strong its desire to- proceed rigorously
against the culprit-
According to Belgian law, the reply
points out, Slpido, like any other young
man placed at the disposal of the Gov
ernment, and having alleged domicile In
Belgium, had three days to appeal to the
Court of Cassation. Living with his par
ents, ho had legal "domicile; and, there
fore, he could not be- arrested for. three
days. He profited by the delay to take
flight. . ¦
The Belgian Government says It regrets
th« Incident, but cannot be held respon
sible for it. ¦ . - -
SIPIDO PROTECTED BY
THE LAWS OF BELGIUM
"Malatesta Is the man who led in all
these things. Ills is a great mind; the
others are weak." <
"The Group of Existence held a meet-
Ing about the first of May, and after the
others had departed the leaders held a
long secret session. Those present were
Bressi, Quintavalll, 'Graisoni and Al
phonso Rlandinis, Steve and Wldmar, the
editor of the paper issued by the group,
and one or two others. These men talked
over a trip which Bressi, Quintavalli,
Graisoni (Lanna) and some others were to
take. The meting was held to read a let
tor from Count Malatesta. There were
also letters from Genoa and Paris. Quin
tavalli left Paterson after the meeting,
which ended early in the morning. Bressi
also left, but came back on May 12 and
collected- his money at the silk mill."
NEW .YORK, Aug. 3.— To-night in a
saloon in Straight street, Paterson, N. J.,
an Italian, whose name does not appear
to be known to the proprietor of the place,
said he knew of a meeting held in that
city early in May which he intended to
inform the authorities of. The story he
told was:
This solidity of thought and affection will
always be the most certain bulwark of my
reign and the best guarantee of the unity of
the eountry. Such are my hopes, such is my
ambition as citizen and as Kins.
SIGNIFICANT MEETING
HELD JN PATERSON
Italians, render your tribute of tears and
honors to the sacred memory of Humbert of
Savoy. You, in the bitter sorrow which has
struck my house, have shown that 'you con
sider this sorrow as though it were that of
each individual among you.
My reign shall be outlined by these Imperish
able remembrances. May God aW me and may
the- love of my people fortify me so that I
may consecrate all my cares as a King to th'j
guardianship of liberty and the defense of the
monarchy, united by indissoluble bonds for the
supreme Interest of the country.
'I am certain of the prosperity and grandeur
of the. country. It was the glory or my grand
father to have given Italy its unity and in
dependence. It was the glory of my father
to have jealously guarded this unity ana this
Independence to the end.
The second King: of Italy Is dead. Escaping,
thanks to his valor as a soldier, the danger o£
hattle. 'and departing unharmed, thanks to
Providence, from the risks he confronted to
courageously to end public calamities, this
Kpod and virtuous King: fell -a. victim, to-atro
cious crime, while: with easy conscience and
without fear of danger he was participating
in the joys of his people at their fetes.
It . wa , s not permitted to me to be present
at the last breath of my father, but T under
stand my first .duty to be to follow the coun
sels he left me and to imitate. the virtues of
the King- and first citizen of Italy.-
In this moment of profound sadness I have
to aid me the strength which comes from the
examples of my august father and of that great
I\Ing who dtaerves to be called the "father of
his country. ¦. I. have also . as a support the
strength which comes from the love and de
votion of the Italian people for the . King
tvhdm they venerated and weep for.
There remain to us the institutions which he
loyally preserved and which he attempted to
render permanent during the twenty-two years
of his.reiKn. These institutions are given to
me as the sacred traditions of my house and
the wram love which Italians have for then?,
protected with a firm and energetic hand from
assault- or any violence from whatever source
It comes, assures me.
MONZA, Aug. £ 3.— King Victor Em
manuel III hag addressed- the following
proclamation to the Italian people:
PROCLAMATION OF
ITALY'S NEW KING
• :The investigation is riot complete and
probably will not be until, information
from Italy enables it to bo conducted mi
nutely. The Governor : does not consider
the situation at either Paterson or West
Hoboken as .serious. He does not 'think
the anarchists at either place would do
anything locally which would bring them
into prominence.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— Governoor Voor
hees of New Jersey; admitted to-day that
steps had been taken" to Investigate the al
legations that a plot to . kill King Hum
bert and other monarchs was hatched In
New. Jersey. If evidence can be procured
and, there are still some of those con
cerned living in the State they will be
prosecuted.' . •'• - •.•¦••• :V • . •
It Is Improbable That the Anarchist3
at*Paterson or West Hoboken
Will Make Any Notable
Demonstrations.
' New Jersey;
Prompt Action Taken by
Governor- Voorhees of "'¦;¦.
ACCOMPLICES
OF BRESSI WILL
BE PROSECUTED
The Earl of Selborn was questioned In
the House of Lords concerning the alleged
treasonable correspondence, and in reply
read the explanation which Mr. Chamber
lain had made In the House of Commons.
In his opinion the letters were not trea
sonable, though certainly Improper, while
her Majesty was engaged in difficult nego
tions. It is proposed to send the letters to
the writers and ask if they desire to ex
plain and he would await a reply before
deciding whether to publish them or not.
"In the morning a flag of. truce came to
Smith-Dorien's camp, demanding his sur
render. Before he could reply the Boers
opened a heavy fl*r. The British losses
were slight.
"Ian Hamilton met with slight loss at
Vitbols Nek. His casualties were light."
In response to questions the Secretary
for the Colonies, Joseph Chamberlain,
said to-day in the House of Commons
that the Boer Governments In fleeing from
Bloemfontein and Pretoria left masses of
official correspondence among the. archives
which the authorities on the spot were ex
amining. He had received installments of
this correspondence by the last two mails,
and he had been Informed that more Is to
come. The portions he bad seen were writ
ten previous to the war and were chiefly
letters of British subjects of tbe Cape and
of the two republics. There were, howi
ever, copies of two letters that purported
to have been written by an English mem
ber of the House of Commons and the let
ters and an extract from a letter written
by two members of the House of Com
mons two days before the outbreak of th«
war, couched in the form of open criti
cism, asking for information regarding
martial law and suggesting that President
Kruger make temporary concessions and
await a reaction In England.
LO>.DOX, Aug. 3.— An official dispatch
from Lord Roberts, dated Pretoria. Au
gust 2, elves the date of General Smlth-
Dorien's repulse of the Boers as July SI.
The dispatch says:
PRETORIA. Aug. 3.-President Kruger
and Commandant General Botha have is
sued a proclamation promising to pay all
damage done to farms by the British, pro
vided the burghera remain wrtn. the com
mandos. • .-•.'¦;-¦•'.
Chamberlain Says That While Letter3
Found at Pretoria Were Improper,
They Could Not Be Re
garded as Treasonable.
Will Pay for All Damage3
Done if They Stay With"
Commandos.
KRUGER OFFERS
TO REIMBURSE
THE BURGHERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, s AUGUST 4, 1900.
DENVER, Aug.. 3.— Otto Selloff of Chi
cago was given the decision, over young
Peter Jackson of San Francisco at the
end of a ten-round bout before the Olym
pic Club in this city to-night.» As far as
scientific fighting is concerned, there was
no such thing,. but from a standpoint of
bulldog tactics the fight was full of fea
tures. Jackson weighed 141}J pounds and
Seiloff leas than 135 pounds.
Young Peter Jackson Defeated.
- The boats are alrfost exactly the same
sice and there was no time allowance. •< To
day's course ¦ was triangular— one and a
third miles . to a leg; sailed ¦ around three,
times; total distance twelve miles. There
was a light wind and the water was fairly
smooth. Red Coat led from start to fin
ish: ' She crossed the starting line " at
1:30:10 and finished at 3:15:08. Minnesota
finished at 3;21:29.
BEACONSFIELD, Quebec. Aug. 3.— The
Red Coat of the ;Royal St. Lawrence
Yacht Club to-day beat the Minnesota of
the White Bear Yacht Club of i St. Paul,
Minn., in the first of three races forthe
Sowanaka challlenge cup, now held by the
Canadian Glub. -/¦ >¦¦ •
RED COAT WINS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— Greater interest
is being taken In the race for the Brighton
cup ¦ to be decided to-morrow than any
other stake that has been run. since the
Suburban. This event is not only the fea
ture of the day, but of the meeting, and
had Kilmarnock and Prince of Melbourne*
both gone to the post the mooted question
of superiority would have been settled.
It is now very doubtful whether Prince
of. Melbourne will start, as' his owner
fears the long race may Injure such a
game, free running colt.. Ethelbert,
Prince McClurs and Sidney '' Lucas are
sure starters," however, and the doubtful
ones are Imp. Prince . of Melbourne and
Herbert. ' Ethelbert will find .124 pounds
quite a load over this long, trying route
and a good 3-year-old at this season „ of
the 'year has a considerable advantage.
Sidney Lucas may be expected to run a
great race, even, if he showed badly In
the' Glencove handicap, which was only
a mile. . y ¦ '-.<
4
LONDON, Aug. 3. — In the House of Lords to-day Lord Rosebery resented
the Secretary of State for War (the Marquis of Lansdowne) taking him to task
for suggesting that the commander of the forces, Lord Wolseley, ought to
rome to the House and give his authority to the Government's mifflary
plans. Lord Rosebery said he did not propose to be snubbed in the dis
charge of what he considered a public duty. The Marquis of • Lansdowne, he
said, must be disabused of the idea that there existed in. the country a blind,
VieneraUns confidence In the War Office. , '
The Marquis of Lansdov.-ne, replying, said the War Secretary was res? -i
sible to Parliament and the commander In chief was responsible to the War
Secretary. ¦. ¦.,.':•
Other peers having spoken, the Premier, Lord Salisbury, said he under
stood Lord Rosebery's contention was that the nation would be much' more
satisfied if Lord Wolseley would come to the House and express his ap-~
proval of Lord I^ansdovrae's plans. It was obvious that if Lord Wolseley
could be called upon to do that he was -also entitled to express disapproval.
Lord Salisbury said he could not see how that was possible. There was much
force In what Lord Rosebery had said, but it was of an abstract kind.
The subject was then dropped. • '¦.."-/'-
ST. PAUL, Minn.,' Aug. 3.— President J. J. Hill's scheme for a big steam
ship line .to the Orient seems to have taken shape, in articles of Incorpora
tion filed with the Secretary, of State to-day by the Great Northern Steam
ship Company with a j-apltal stock of $6,000,000. j '
The. purpose of 'the company, as stated, is the building and operatlonof
steamships on the high seas and other navigable waters.
The incorporatora and also the members . of the first board of directors
are:- James J. Hill, D. Miller, W. P. Clqugh, M. D. Grover and A. W. Clark,
all officials of the Great Northern Company. The .officers are not named,
but. the date of the first annual meeting is fixed for February 1 In St. Paul,
which -will s be the headquarters of .the company. '
The capital stock is divided into 60,000 shares of $100 each. The filing fee
.was over SSOOO.
The Hill system at present includes the lake steamship line between Buf
falo 'and-Duluth and the transcontinental railroad. The new company will
extend It's business to Asia. ':",
Blood Poison
Our cure eradicates this disease for-
ever from the blood and system at any
stage, no matter whether the disease
has been inherited or contracted, leaving
no trace on tbe skin or elsewhere.
TVe also enre Lost Manhood. Nervous
Debility. Rupture. Private Disease*
Varleocele, Stricture. Kidney and Blad-
der Diseases, Sylne Diseases, Skin Dis-
eases, etc.
¦\Ve do not use mercury or other-
dangerous drugs, and will wait for oui»»
pay till the patient is itatisfled that he
is well. Home cures. Private book free."
at office. or by mall.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of Hen
731 Market St , San Fraasisco.
HOURS— Dally. S to 5. Evenings. " to
«. Sundays. 9 to 11. Elevator entrance, jf I IHE Jo{nt regatta committees of the Pacific Association and the Native
I • Sons met at the Palace Hotel on Wednesday evening and discussed the
I championship races to be held on September 9. The arrangements are
• progressing satisfactorily, and as handsome and unusually valuable prizes
will be given in the various events there will be a long entry list. It has
been decided that the contestants must wear caps of the same color for each
club, so that the spectators may De aole easily to distinguish the crews. The
Ariels. Alamedas and South Ends will enter senior, intermediate and junior barge
crews, while the Dolphins and Pioneers will also enter crews. There will be
entries in the shell and outrigged skiff'events from nearly all the clubs. A. W
Pape of the Dolphin Boating Club and the Olympic Athletic Club will pul! in hi3
new boat in the senior shell race.
It is doubtful whether any members of the South End Rowing Club will be
seen at the Astoria regatta. The "Irish" barge crew cannot go. and J. P. Foley.
who contemplated v the trip, will probably be unable to go on account of business
engagements and the postponement of ihe regatta till later in the month.
The Dolphins may send a barge crew and three single scullers to Astoria, tho
latter being A. XV. Pape. George Baker and T. J. Kennedy. The Olympics also
ha\-e two crews which are willing to go north. Thus it j«ma that the regatta
committee of the Pacific Association will have plenty of candidates from whom
to choose. The Alameda senior barge crew is In training and will try its muscle
at Astoria. F. \\L Ayers will pull In the outraged skiff race there. A. \V. Pape
will take his new 'shell if he can get a fair allowance for expenses and the offer
of a good prize. He will row against the Portland man. \V. J. Patton or In a
special match against any amateur sculler. He will also take jpart In a life-sav
ing exhibition with Sidney Cavill of the Olympic Club.
S. Adderley is practicing in the outrigged skiff, but as both he and TV* O
Patch have just returned from their vacations they cannot get the timo for a visit
to the north. E. Cashman of the South Ends is doing good wcrk in the skiff
but will not be seen in competition until the Admission day regatta.
A great deal of discussion is going on about the outrigged skiff. Al Rogers
the Alameda boat builder, is desirous to construct a lighter jkiff than the one
now in use, conforming in length to the requirements of the dctlnitlrn of the Pa
cific Association, but "beating the rule" by having washboards. The regatta
committee has decided that the six laps called for by the rule must be in a con
tinuous line. The Alameda Boat Club was about to order a new skiff of very light
construction, but as there Is danger of the Wiat when built tfinn d'squrrfified for
championship races the club will probably refrain and content itself with skiff3
of the present type.
Plenty of |3apge Cpews, Scullers and Swimmeps Wfeo Jlre
Ready to Accept .Hospitality of tlrje Opegonians.
OARSMEN EAGER TO ROW
AT ASTORIA'S CARNIVAL
Stockton and San Francisco are neck and
neck and this series will mean much to
both teams.- Sacramento still leads with
more than 100 per cent to spare. Ewing's
men trail in the dust.
The standing of the league teams is as
follows: . •,-:¦;•
With Brasste and' Putter.
- Play' is going, on in the men's and wo
men's series of three matches over eigh
teen' boles on the links. of the. San Rafael
Golf Club. The matches must be con
cluded by the' 15th of this month. The
local courses are all pretty hard and will
remain bo until the first" rains come.
Nothing- can be done -toward: putting the
Sausalito course .. into -order.: until the
ground; is well soaked' with 'rain.-' >
-.The s open amateur golf tournament of
the ' Redondo - Beach Country Club ended
Matches on Handball Courts
The following handball contests will be
played at the , San Francisco . courts.-; 858
Howard street, on. Sunday afternoon: /
Willis F. Brown and C. E. LJpp.vs. J. Fitz
patrlck and N. Polidorl: L. Escolle and M. Mc-
Neil vs. G. McDonald and P. McKlnnon; J.
Brady and C. McKown vs. S. Qulnn'and W.
.Walsh; -G.-B. Hay ward and P. Ryan; vs. W.
Fisher and \V. H. Sleberst: A. McVlcker and
T Leach vs. J.- Condon and TV Foley; > M.
Joyce and J. Lawless vs. W. Williams and D.
Connelly: J.KIrby. and D. Regan vs. E. Bar
ry and M." Klrby; J.Harlow and W. Maguire
vs". J. Rlordan and E. , Curley: M. ••¦ J. ; Kiljtal
lon' and ; A. Hampton vs. J. White and ' J.N Col-
Swimming at Sutro's.
The following swimming and diving con
tests will 'take place at Sutro Baths on
Sunday, August 5:
50- yard dash. Juveniles— J. Dlxon, J. Paine,
E. Egan, J. Erasmy. P. Ryan. J. Rosrers, R.
Herman. - E. Kipp. W. Wells. J. , Patton, P.
Jorry. F. Butterworlh.
Under water swimming, diving for plates
and high diving, for boy», open to all.
100-yard race, amateurs— G. Wallace. A,' Clay
ton, M. Ramsy, E. : Raymond. C. Donovan. 6.
Misnef. F. Ralston. J. Bradley. H. Seebacb.
H. \Vllbert. G. Mitchell. A. Hoffman, C. Au
gustus. H. Riddle, C. Harnea. P. Kunberg.
< Trick and fancy springboard dlvlns— C. Duke.
F. Carroll. W. Cook. E. Itaynoldt. P. Sunberg.
J. Henckett, T. Thompson, P. Logan. F. Brown.
C* Butterworth, G. Kelly, R. Cordelia A. Reese.
J. Hansen, M. Ramsy.
Round Goes the Wheel.
Arrangements are progressing rapidly
for the proposed fifty-mile, track relay
race to be held on September 8 in con-
Junction with the Native Sons' celebra
tion. It Is expected that at least ten
teams will be entered from different por
tions of the State. Carson and Reno
teams have also been invited.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a run
to San Mateo beach to-morrow under
Captain Smith. The commissary depart
ment will look out for the lunch and all
the members will have to do Is to take
their bathing suits.
The California Cycling Club, under Cap
tain Robert Matthey, will ride to Coyote
Beach, near San Mateo, to-morrow.
The Bay City Wheelmen have lost an
other popular member, Harry Larkin. ex
captain and director, who left for Hono
lulu .on the last steamer, where he will
make his future residence.
The entertainment committee of the Bay
Cltys is preparing for an amateur night
at the clubrooms about a fortnight hence,
all the talent to be composed of club
members.
The Olympic Wheelmen are taking it
easy during the warm Hpell, and Captain
Ppillane has no particular run scheduled
for to-morrow. In fact, the country roads
are at their worst now, and will remain
so until after the first. rains.
The annual meeting and election of the
Bay City Wheelmen will be held the first
Monday In September. ;
The wheelmen of San Mateo have is
sued a challenge under date of August 2
to the riders of Redwood City for a twen
ty-five mile relay race, each relay to be
Hve miles, unpaced. one trailer allowed to
each contestant, who are to be amateurs
and residents of either city. . The Rod
woodites will undoubtedly accept, and the
date, course to be ridden, etc., will. be de
cided shortly. • .- •
Stockton and San Francisco will play
to-day in the following positions:
Stockton. Positk*s. San Francisco.
Pace Catcher Sullivan
Y/halen Pitcher Iburg
Courtney First base Pabst
Babbitt Second base Schwartz
Moore .: Third base Reilly
Lockfcead .-.. Shortstop Km,f
McCarthy Left field Levy
McGuckea Center field DrockhofT
Streib Hight field Hildebrand
Notes From the Kennel.
To Callfornians a bench show without
Dave Sinclair would seem abnormal.
Dave has been selected to act a3 clerk of
the forthcoming show at Sacramento, and
Intending exhibitors will consequently feel
assured that everything connected with
the management will be properly per
formed. E. M. Simpson, the secretary,
expects to have the premium lists issued
by the 10th of this month. A large entry
is confidently anticipated.
H. C. Golcher, who was elected , as one
of the bench show committee of the Tan-»
foran show, will be unable to serve, and
Richard Rountree. the secretary of the
Pacific Bull Terrier Club, has been elected
in his stead. It is probable that Judge
N. Post of Sacramento, who Is well known
in connection with field trials, will judge
the field trial competitions at Tanforan.
The conditions of entry for these compe
titions are far from onerous and a large
entry should result.
Charles, K. Ilarley has purchased the
noted fox hound. Queen, from George
The Pacific Bull Terrier Club offers for
'competition by members only, both at
Sacramento and Tanforan. four elegant
silver cups, and the Pacific Fox Terrier
Club offers at both shows for competition
by members only a • silver cup for the
best dog over twelve months of age and
a silver cup for the best bitch over twelve
months of age. In addition to these the
club offers a silver cup each for the best
dog puppy and for the best bitch puppy.
Tennis Tournaments Galore.
The ladles' single championship will be
held at San Rafael on August 23 and '24.
Miss Alice Hoffman, assisted by Miss
Miriam Hall, will have control of the
tournament. A large entry list is expect
ed, and among the contestants wil\ be
Miss Emma Hunter, Miss Edith Water
man, Mrs. Kincald. Miss Pearl Mecartney,
Miss May Brainhall, Misses Isabelle anad
Rose Sherwood of the Alameda club: Miss
Hoffman, Miss Elsie Clarke, Miss Laura
Denson, Miss Bessie Bowman, Miss Ma
son, Miss Chesebrouuh and Miss Drown
of the California club; Miss Miriam Hall
of San Rafael, Mrs. C. A. Elston of Hono
lulu and Miss Sallle Beaumont of Sacra
mento. Miss Violet Sutton will not de
fend her title to the championship, which
will go to the winner of the all comers by
default. A mixed doubles is also talked
of and It will probably be arranged.
Interest in the tournament at Del Monte
is on the increase, and there will be a
large entry list, many of the names being
tyronic to tournaments.
One of the best matches of the past
week was between George Whitney and
Drummond McGavin; score, 7-5, 6-1, 6-4,
6-4. «-¦.¦¦¦-•-., '
C. B. Hoot defeated Johnson in a very
even contest, 4-6. 6-4, 8-G. Drummond Mc-
Gavin defeated James A. Code in a hard
fought five-set match. 6-3. 3-6, 4-6, 8-6. 6-1.
W. H. Moreland defeated Miss Drown and
Frank Kane, 6-2, 6-1. 0-2. Godfrey-de
feated McLean, 6-2, 6-2. G-2.. Robert Whit
ney beat Grant Smith, 6-2. 11-9. 6-0. Moore
beat Fuller, 6-4, 6-4. Daily^ beat Walter,
6-3, C-2. Harry Haight and Walter Mc-
Gavin played a tie, 6-4, 4-6. . _
In the continuous tournament W. B.
Collier Jr. defeated Dr. C. B. Root in
straight sets. 6-3,' 7-5. . Root was a litttle
erratic and Collier steady as a rock. W .
H. Moreland beat Beuret. 6-4, 6-0, 6-2.
Professor Daily and W.Stauf played a
tie with Robert Whitney and Grant Smith,
6-4 6-3 3-6, 4-6. George Whitney. and H.
W. CroweM beat : Robert Whitney and
Drummond McGavin. 7-5, 6-3, 6-3. -
Sumner Hardy was the winner of, the
all comers at Magnolia and was beaten by
Dwight Davis (holder) in the challenge
: match 6-1 4-6. .7-5. C-4. - Sam and Sumner
' also won the doubles and^ln the challenge
match were beaten by Ward and Davis,
6-1, 6-0. 6-S. 7-5.' ¦ . '¦ ¦
BOTH LOCALS AND
MILLERS WILL TRY
TO BREAK THE TIE
Frisco's Three Victories Over
Champions Please
Fans.
The Joyful, eelf satisfied facial expres-
Blon that local fanatics carried away with
them last Sunday after the game between
Ean Francisco and Sacramento made
Hank Harris think he was the Mayor of
San Francisco and the sole proprietor
of a new charter that worked smoothly
and well. Of course, the surprise ¦ was
great, but good strong reasons prevail for
Ean Francisco's victories and Sacramen
to's unbroken eerial defeat.
For a month the "pretzel" team has
been playing good baseball, the kind that
denotes earnestness and interest in the
work. The errors have* been few, the
etickwork excellent and the base running
scientific. Unless Hank's men strike a to
boggan and slide from the standard set
by their late playing, they will complete
ly wipe out the many blots on their none
too clean escutcheon. Not many weeks
Imck that sacred nine, composed of good
individual material, played Buch ball that
the blood in the veins of fanatics grew
thick. But now the team has settled and
has really become a team.
.But what has come over the champions?
They played together before the last se
ries. Then came the change. Devereaux's
absence was certainly not the cause of
all the ragged work of the Senators. Dur
ing the last series the visitors were dis
organized and they, will have to pull to
gether to reach champion form.
Iburg Bhowed himself a great twlrler in
the games against Sacramento. On Sat
urday afternoon he held the "champs"
down to four hits. On Sunday he was
found cften enough, but the hits wore
scattered and resulted in> no evil conse
quence. Doyle sf-ems to have lost his old
lime fifScient arm. if his repent perform
ances are to be taken into consideration.
And Hughes, grtat anJ unsolvable, is in
a bad way. There is a story going the
rounds that Hughes knew his arm was not
as it should 1 <¦ and this was a. prime rea
fion for not going Mast this season. It
will need considerable nursing before the
old form is reached. •••:*
The crowd that packed the Recreation
grounds last Sunday was the third big
pest that ever filed into the place for a
baseball pame. More than that, it was a
fckling, noisy, enthusiastic crowd, ready
snout and yell for the home team
>-> never the occasion presented Itself.
- general atmosphere fore* a recollec
>;. of the days gone by when it was the
proper thing to grow hoarse at a game.
For the first time since the beginning
of the season two of the teams are tied.
DEER HUNTERS ON
THE RANGES FIND
BUCKS PLENTIFUL
Country Club Members Play
Practical Joke on Peter
Martin.
The deer hunters are In the midst of
their seasonal sport and reports from tho
neighboring counties in which the game
laws allow ,free hunting bespeak a fair
measure of good luck and success. This
is the walking season for the bucks, and
they are coming out within range and ac
cess of the hunters.
Some fine sport fell to the Country Club
members who left this city last Saturday
and Sunday for the Marln County pre
serves. A party consisting of Andrew
Jackson, William Bsrg. William Kitttle.
Alec Hamilton, Peter Martin, F. W. Van
Sicklen and William Gerstle, a guest of
the club, scoured the hills last SundAv
and six bucks were brought into the club
hou?e. The lucky ones were Jackson,
Hamilton, Berg, Kittle, Gerstle and Van
Sicklen.
Peter Martin did not get a deer, but he
came close to it. Two of his friends stuck
an antler-mounted head In the brush
and by soft phrase goaded Martin into a
genuine buck fever. He blazed away at
It with grim determination to bring down
his game. After the tilth phot the head
tumbled to the ground. When Martin re
covered^ consciousness, he discovered th?^
what he Imagined was a bullet decapit.'r
tion was nothing more than a cruel Jqka
perpetrated by his moat sportsmanlike
friends. ..
Robert Oxnard with a party and C. F.
Mullin with a party have been on the pre
serves of the Country Club during the
week, and report fair luck.
Last Sunday was rather a bad clay for
the hunters of the Mlra Monte Club. A
heavy fog settled over the ranges, making
It Impossible to get at the deer. During
the week several of the members tried
their luck, but no deer n« yet have been
sent to the city to show for their efforts.
W. R. Chambers and C. Le.Gal returned
this week from Calpella. Mendoclnc
County. They were members of a part;
of five, the other three of which are H.
T. Whltley. R. Sangster and W. F. Smith.
In less than two weeks th<>y killed seven
deer, all of large size. Whltley.. Sangster
and Smith are on the Big River yet. look
ins: for more deer.
The best reports for open deer hunt!nsr
come from this part of the country. Men
doclno and Humboldt counties. General
Dickinson. H_, B. Hosmer and Colonel
Miles have returned from Laytonville.
where they have been huntlncr for about
two weeks. Hosmer get one large buck.
Colonel Miles one and General Dickinson
two.
Messrs. Jessop and Earhart killed three
bucks at Lierly's during the weak-
with an exciting match between X. F.
Wilshlre and W. B. Walton. At the
eighteenth hole Wilshlre was 4 up. but at
the twenty-seventh hole Walton was 1 up
and at the thirty-second the match was
over, Walton being 6 up. 4 to play.
The Pacific Coast Polo and Racing As
sociation has Invited the Southern Cali
fornia players to enter the golf tourna
ment at Del Monte and one or more of
the best golfers may be sent by the South
ern Golf Association.
There Is talk again about the formation
of a Pacific Coast Golf Association. The
secretary of the Redondo Beach Country
Club was recently instructed to corre
spond with th<» clubs In Northern Califor
nia. Oregon, Washington and British Co
lumbia with -regard to this matter.
"Hall, hall, the Truckee!'' Is the shout
of the fisherman. From this region the
reports of superfine fishing strike this city
day after day. Before the season closes
it will be a difficult matter to find an an
gler of any reputation who has not cast
his lot upon these waters.
H.E. Skinner, John Butler and TV. T.
Williams are at Boca, and their quantum
of luck Is of .the kind that connotes great
sport. The brown hackle, yellow body
fly seems to be the particular allurement
for the Truckee River trout at present.,
Sam Heller has returned from Boca and
reports great sport.
F. XV. Rogers and C. Eerriman have re
turned from Tallac. Trolling was their
specialty," and It resulted In baskets of
fine big trout.
Adolph and- Robert A.' Roos have made
some ' good catches at Tahoe during the
last few days.
George Walker, C. B. Hollywood, J. A.
Parison, O.W. Jackson. J. Bliss, C. K.
Kenniff and J. B. Kenniff tried bass fish
ing last Sunday in the San Antonio Creek,
running through the Mira Monte Dre
serves. They began late, when the tide
was too high, and all they took from the
waters were twelve bass of varying size.
The fishing on Lake San Andreas is fair,
red fly and shrimp"bringlng ihe best re
sults. S. Sangster and friend took out
thirty-two in a single day. Two bass
from two to three pounds apiece were in
the mess. ': * ,
J. Grav, George Thackeray and <J. S.
Benn, wife and daughter tried San An
dreas about the same time with good luck.
The sea fishers are enjoying themselves
to their hearts' content at Monterey. The
salmon have been running very strong
thert-, better on the Monterey side than
the Santa Cruz. i»g8a8^l*Vrxaia»JS5B§g*»IWPI
Despite the occasional reports of good
fishing at Catalina. this season has not
been prolific • of big tuna catches. * At
gTeat intervals a large tuna Is landed, but
the fishermen who follow : the sport are
not satisfied with present conditions.', "
Bass fishing on. the Russian River near
Guerneville is good at present. Live min
nows and bucktail fly usually -bring the
bass to ttje.hook.
FISHERMEN TROLL
AND CAST THE FLY
ON LAKE AND RIVER
The Truckee Region Is Still
the Paradise of
Anglers.
ALEX PAPE TRYING HIS NEW SHELL, THE FINEST IN. PACIFIC WATERS.
day and to-morrow is an eighty-dog event
in which many fast dog.s/itre entered.
Coursing will commence on the arrival
of the 11 o'clock train.
effect on the dogs, and it will take con
siderable time to get them fit again.
Tho Ingleside association has no cause
to complain of the result of the first
week's meeting. The attendance has been
large, even abovo expectation, and the
programmes have b^;n carried out in a
satisfactory mannclr The stake for to-
AFTER being o'utrigged-skiff champion for two years, Alex \V. Pape of the Dolphin and Olympic clubs has
become thc-owner of the most beautiful shell ever built on this coast. It is of Spanish cedar, one-four
teenth of an inch in thickness. ' Her outriggers are of galvanized iron, red enameled, and all the fittings
are nickel-plated. This shell was built by Al Rogers, the boat-builder of Alamcda Point, and cost $175. To
give her stability she has a fin of brass, which "makes her a very seaworthy craft. The decks fore and aft are of
Irish linen, oiled and varnished. The slides were specially constructed by Rogers. Alex Pape brought the shell
over from Alameda last Sunday on the ferry-boat, and put her into the water near the ferry slip. He then pulled
along the water front, and, though the weather was rough and the craft shipped a .leal of" water, she baled herself
'and came through splendidly.
This is more than an extraordinary shell. It has been in process of construction for a period of time ex
tending over a year. Every joint, every fastening, every seam, was gone over again and again, until to-day it
stands as a model piece of work. The oarsmen who have seen Pape's new shell pronounced it the very finest ever
afloat on Pacific Coast waters. »
HOUNDS AND HARES
FURNISHING SPORT
FOR THE LEASHMEN
Items of News From Cours
ing Field and the
Kennels.
James Dean has purchased from D. J.
Healey the celebrated Sisquoc and has
started the fast hound in training, with
the expectation of having him fit in time
to enter the big stake at San Mateo Park
a week from to-morrow.
Billy Thompson has added to his string
Mountain Chief, a promising youngster
by Prince Charlie cut of Princess Fuller
ton. The new one arrived last week from
the Lowe & Thompson kennels of Kansas
City.
Young America, after a long retirement
to the stud. Is back to the courBlng fold
and is entered in to-day's stake. Tho
O'Sheas look to him to reach well down
on the card in many future events.
A. Massey's Hot Stuff has been bred to
T. Mooneye Pride.
Joe Watkins, a former coursing man' of
this city, is in Seattle, making a strong
effort to introduce the game to the people
of that section. When Watkins left for
the north. some months ago he left his
string of dogs in charge of his trainers.
On several occasions the hounds which
were entered In Watkins' name acted
badly and were suspected of being doped
though nothing could be proved against
them. Finally Merciless, one of the string,
was brought on the 'ileld at Ingleslde In
a condition which plainly showed that the
dog had been overloaded with, dope. * The
"prep" had such effect on the animal that
dog handlers were afraid to touch him.
The association made an investigation,
which resulted in the ruling oft of one of
the trainers and of the entire Watkins
entries.
Now Watkins, through his local agent,
Pat Canavan, is buying up greyhounds at
the rate of J5 per head. At last accounts
enough dogs have been secured to war
rant the chartering of an entire train to
transport them to the Sound city.
The dogs of the Russell, Allen & Wilson
kennel, which have been quartered at the
old gTounds at Inglcside, went through a
performance a few days ago that has
brought sorrow to the owners and train
ers and has'tipset many calculations for
future events. When • the ¦, association
moved to San Mateb and took its belong-
Jnga a round-up of hares was made, and
It was thought that tno Held had been
cleared of the Jacks. Fourteen dogs of
the Russell, Allen & Wilson string, many
of which are Futurity candidates, were
turned loose in the Inclosure for,a.limber
ing-up spin. The hounds had not been
out but a few. minutes when a stray hare
was started and ¦ the pack ¦"¦ gave ' chase.
In no time Jack after Jack appeared, un
til at .least • forty, were- in , motion..- with
young and old dogs all over the Held after
them. Before the trainers could. get con
trol the hounds, especially the youngsters,
had, run themselves to pieces. .The unfor
tunate * affair will - no . doubt have a . bad'
•
i a T 1T:53 this afternoon the preparatory E"un will be fired, and at 1 o'clock
/\ the starting signal will be given for the race for the San Francisco Per
/""\ pctual Challenge cup. The trophy, now held by the San Francisco Yacht
Club, was won on September 23 of last year by Matthew Turner's sloop
Gadder, sailed by Commodore and Supervisor "W. X. McCarthy, and de-
Seating J. \V. Pew's Truant. The Gadder will be the defender In this year's race,
the challenging club being represented by Carl Westerfeld and R. H. .Morrow's
sloop Aeolus. The Gadder will be 6ailed by C. Chapman, vice commodore of the
Vallejo Yacht Club, and his crew will consist of F. Erlcsen, Joseph Ellis and
Thomas Connelly, who are employed In Matthew Turner's shipyard at Benlcia.
She will also carry a member of the San Francisco Yacht Club. The challenger
will be sailed by Carl Westerfeld. whose crew will consist of J. C. Brickell, F. E.
Schober, J. Short and R. H. Morrow. By agreement of the regatta committees of
:he Corinthian and San Francisco clubs the Corinthian challenger will not have on
£oard a member of the San Franciscos. ncr will the San Francisco defender carry
a Corinthian as a representative of the Tiburon Club. C. Chapman and his crew
have been practicing with light sails at I^enicla and are said to have become
quite expert. Carl Westerfeld has been over the course in the Aeolus, studying
the currents and eddies— knowledge of which is very valuable In a close race.
The event will be entirely under the management of the regatta committee? of
the two clubs, which will serve as starters,' timers, judges and referee. The San
Francisco regatta committee consists of ex-Commodore I. Gutte. ex-Vice Commo
dore G. T. S. White and Attorney George D. Campbell; the Corinthian commit
tee-men are J. H. Hopps. E. S. Emmons and W. A. Stringer. •
The race will be over the lorn? course of the San Francisco Yacht Club and
under the rules published in 1S77 by that club. The rules are somewhat antique
end do not cover all the points that might arise, but they are the only rules the
Fan Franciscos have. The Corinthian?, while they cannot complain of direct un
fairness, feel that the sloop Gadder, ownod and sailed at Benicla by a profes
tlonal boat builder and raced by a professional with a crew of professionals, is
not 88 genuine a San Francisco boat as the Aeolus is a Corinthian one. The
Aeolus is owned by two attorneys, one of whom has been commodore of the Cor
inthian Yacht Club, is raced by the ex-commodore and is manned by well known
Corinthian amateur?, two cf them- being yacht owners.
The San Franciscos pive a hop at their clubhouse at?6ausallto to-night. Im
mediately aftor the challenge cup race rhe Corjnthians start on a week's cruise
up the Sacramento River. The Encinals also* have an up-river cruise on their
programme for the coming week. The South Bays will have a clambake at the
drawbridge to-morrow.
Crew of JImateurs Will Sail the Challenging Yacht but
Professionals Will .Man the Defending Craft.
SWIFT SLOOPS WILL TRY
TO WIN PERPETUAL CUP
THE iSAJN Jb'KAlNOlbCO OAXtL.,' SAT LI KD AY, AUGUST. 4, 1J)UO.
5
SPORTS
C C C "9
«»-««* s
3 g r S << , g
*! |~I CXUB3. : • " 2." $
'¦ i : i ?
Sacramento ZT 17 44 .61*
San Francisco ...' 23 23 46 .600
Stocktcn 22 22 44 .600
Oakland 17 | 27 44 .3S1
C C C "9
«»-««* s
3 g r S << , g
*! |~I CXUB3. : • " 2." $
'¦ i : i ?
Sacramento ZT 17 44 .61*
San Francisco ...' 23 23 46 .600
Stocktcn 22 22 44 .600
Oakland 17 | 27 44 .3S1The supposition which has obtained
among our people that any one. however
inexperienced, is fit to be intrusted with
the administration of our exhibitions;
abroad is based upon a very obvious fal-'
lacy. The exhibit itself must expose at
the same time not only its Intrinsic merit
but incidentally the Industrial conditions
which attend its creation. A product,
whatever its merit may be. which has
been 'brought into existence in total dis
regard of the health, happiness and pros
perity of the men who create It has no
value as an Industrial illustration since
the penalty of its production would be the
degradation of labor.
This great exposition Is In its highest
France inaugurated a series of indus
trial and commercial tournaments, the
first of which was held, as already Indi
cated, in 1S19. By an inevitable evolution
ary process the exhibitions of France have
risen to the dignity of broad sociological
as well as industrial contests.
Suppose we had applied these conditions
to the production of wine in California.
There Is no country where the labor em
ployed receives a higher reward than In
our own country. There is no country
where the civil and religious rights of the
laborer are more respected than in our
own State. There is no country where the
opportunity for rising from lower to
higher conditions. Is more favorable to
labor.
Every exhibitor is handed a blank form,
which when properly filled expresses all
conditions having reference to the rights
of labor employed in the production of
any article. It Is a noble conception that
the product of slave labor will not be per
mitted even a place In this world's exposi
tion. That product which comes Into ex
istence in utter disregard of the rights of
man is not recognized as having any illus
trative value in the industrial world, and
this better view has attended all the ex
positions held in France. :
All honor to France. She has pal<i this
tribute to the nobility of labor. This pol
icy elevates and dignities the entire expo
sition.
If an article was presented In competi
tion with other articles of the same class
and which was itself the product of slave
labor It would not be permitted to enter
the competition because of the social or
industrial feature attending its produc
tion. This will perhaps be better under
stood by citing a specific case. Williams
& Co.'s Drop-forging Works of Brooklyn,
N. Y.. claimed the grand prize In the Iron
product on the ground of the treatment
of their employes. Their product is equally
good with other articles In competition.
They claim superiority in many things—
the healthfulness of their shops, the ven
tilation of the apartments occupied by the
workmen, the care taken to prevent acci
dents to workmen by using only the most
perfect and safest machinery, the estab
lishment of fire escapes, of a perfect fire
drill, guaranteeing their workmen against
a disaster from fire, the rate of wages
paid, the conveniences and comfort of the
workmen during working hours, tho nan
ltary condition of the shops and the op
portunities for promotion among their em
ployes. These are conditions precedent to
the receipt of the grand prize.
I trust you will pardon the Intrusion of
one other matter, which possesses broader
general Interest. Awards «re not made
with reference wholly to the value of the
article presented. The conditions of pro
duction are considered; the rate of wages
paid; the healthfulness of the occupation;
the purchasing power of the wages«palJ
in the production of the article; the
treatment of the labor with reference to
the conservation of life and of accidents.
It may be asserted that we do not know
the Chateaux Yquem wine in America as
It is known in France, or. in other words,
the Chateaux Yquem wine In France, sold
here for domestic consumption. Is vastly
superior to the same brand consumed in
foreign countries.
I beg to emphasize the statement that a
judicious anticipation of these difficulties
would have avoided the Injurious verdict
of the exposition authorities.
sense a tournament of civilization. What
ever the mind of man has conceived or
his hands have wrought useful to human
ity is here. Merit they must possess* to
receive consideration, but that merit must
be accompanied by considerations »—
broad as the natural rights of man and as
far-rc'achlng as the moral obligations
which rest upon every individual. It will
be a matter of sincere regret to our po«»
plc that the full requirements of the ex
position were not complied with; nor was
such compliance even attempted in the
remotest degree. In material and morai
well being California moves upon a plane
as high as that which has been attained
by man anywhere in the civilized world,
and the exposition ot that fact is worth
more to a commonwealth which is invit
ing a reinforcement cf population an4
capital than the most adequate exposi
tion of Its material resources.
WM. K. MILLS.
20 Boulevard des Italien^.
Paris. July is. low.
: WILLIAM H. MILLS.
DIRECTOR OF THE SOUTHERN* PACIFIC COMPACT'S EXHIBIT AT
THE BIG FRENCH EXPOSITION.
TO the Editor of The Call: In y«ur
issue of July 1 I find a very able and
very thoughtful editorial on the sub- J
Ject of the treatment which the Call- |
fornia wine exhibit has received at the {
hands of the jury of award. You state
the facts with accuracy when you say
that California wines, bearing French^ la
bels, were denied the right of competi
tion, and you draw correct inferences as
to the deleterious effect of this decision
upon the reputation of our wines in the
commercial world. The declaration goes ,
forth as a 'sweeping denunciation of the j
entire California wln« product. It is the j
equivalent of declaring that California j
does not make wine, but that it is en- |
gaged in the practice of counterfeiting the >
wines made by other countries: that the j
Wine of California Is not a natural prod-}
uct of • its soils anil its climates; that)
these soils and climates arc not adapted !
to viticulture: ht nee the vineyardists are j
simply counterfeiting the products of oth- j
er countries, falsifying the types of wines I
in France and feloniously labeling this ;
counterfeit production with well establish- j
ed brands in order to give these-Imita
tions acceptance at the hands of the com
mercial world.
While your Inferences are accurately
drawn, your conclusions justifiable, your
condemnation; of the juries of award Is
somewhat more severe than the facts of
the case warrant.'
The juries had before them the wines
of various classifications. For Illustra
' tlon, the Burgundy wine of California
was placed beside • the Burgundy wines
of France. A member of the Jury who is
a. resident of the Burgundy district,
France, said that the Burgundies from
California were good wines, palatable
and sound. He himself liked them and
used them, but they were not the true
Burgundy type. If they had been pre
sented as California wines, if .the labels
had been a declaration of the facts with
out the possibility of deception, if the ap
pearance of counterfeit and imitation had
been absent, the wines would have been
considered on their merit. They were not
presented as California wines, but as
Burgundy wines.
This objection applies, to all the wines
from California bearing French labels
and placed on. exhibition under French
names. It Is true these labels declared
them to be a California product, but at
the same time it declared them to be Bur
gundy wine, not "California wine, Bur
gundy type."
Suppose fruit, the varieties of which
had originated in California, was placed
on exhibition at the Pan-American Ex
position next year at Buffalo. Suppose,
further, that this fruit, bearing a Califor
nia name. San Jose. Vacaville. Los An
geles or Riverside, declaring itself to be
San Jose fruit. Vacavilto fruit or River
side fruit, and further declaring Itself to
be, from the same specific orchard, from
these places, which, in fact, had been
grown in New Jersey. South America or
Canada, and of inferior quality to the
fruit of California. Would the people of
California endure with patience this coun
terfeit presentation? In the markets of
the world the genuine California fruit and
its Imitation would stand together. The
consumer would confound these names,
oblivious of the fact that the name of
the inferior fruit had been adopted mere
ly because the fruit resembled in type
that raised in California. It is obvious
that these fruits would stand related to
rach other before a Jury of award as a
genuine and a counterfeit. One would be
real and the other an Imitation. The
California variety would bo the original
brand, seeking to establish itself through
out the world upon its merit. The other
would be the same brand covering infe
rior goods and injurious to the reputation
of -the brand itself.
If oranges were exposed for sale in New
York. Rome. Cuba or Florida, upon the
package containing which was Inscribed
"Riverside Navels," that would be a
highly different inscription from the dec
laration that these oranges resembled
Riverside .navels, or belonged to that type.
In the first Instance, if they were Inferior,
they woud injure the brand. In the sec
ond instance, ihe inscription would pay
tribute to the superiority of the brand
Imitated.
The member of the jury of award from
the Burgundy district, already quoted, de
clared that if the labels upon the wines
had been removed and In the absence of
names numbers had been used, as for In
stance, "California wine. Burgundy type,
'No. 12," the .wine would have been pej
mltted to compete upon Its merit.
As It Is, a Jury of award In a tourna
ment as broad as the productive capac
ity of the world, has practically
decided that the wines of California are
not wines, but are merely attempted imi
tations, consciously and purposely coun
terfeiting the brands of France, Germany
and Switzerland.
This should have been foreseen by the
honorable commissioners from California
and guarded against. It was competent
at all times to have obtained a fair con
sideration of the merit of the California
product, to have received such awards as
the merits of our wines would have Justi
fied, and have attached these awards to
the particular brand of wine receiving
them. The French authorities have been
more than fair; even hospitably accom
odating.' No difficulty whatever would
have been encountered In so adjusting this
matter that the wines of California, as
California wine, would have been consid
ered by Juries of award upon their merits.
Hundreds of wine experts have tasted the
California wines brought here and have
pronounced them of excellent quality.
Many of these have declhred to me that
there is a vast market for these wines in
Europe and throughout the world: but
they have uniformly objected to having
these, wines go into the channels of com
merce under names which would confound
them with the original brands of wine. If
their quality had been decidedly superior
.to that of the same brands of wine origi
nating here in France, in Germany, or in
Switzerland, the absence of all objection
would have been easily apprehended; but
every one who has visited France can
testify that the exported article, -of wines
and beers at least. Is inferior to the do
mestic article. Wines made in France for
export purposes are uniformly fortified. It
is scarcely necessary to say to any one
skilled in the production or in the care of
wines that when they are exported they
pass under conditions of variableness of
temperature, conditions of cellarage, of
movement, of agitation, which are liable
to deteriorate their quality.
California Wines at
the Paris Exposition
THE SAX ¦FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 4, 1000.
i The Grand Jury ought to begin.the sweep of China
town before it ctases to be a new broom.
. United States Marshal f John H. 8hlne
will '. start' for Denver ; this morning ~ 2 with
Wilbur T. . Crites, the forger. , Before his
Thomas O. Toland. member of the State
Board of Equalization, from Ventura,' is
registered at the. California.
James K. O'Brien, a well-known horse
man of Marysville, is stopping at the
Grand.
Dr/C. C. Voile of San Diego Is at the
California.
Dr. W- P. Read of Santa Rosa < is stop
ping at the Occidental.
H. A. Jastro, a prominent citizen of
Bakersfleld. is at the Grand,
O. O. Webber, _ an attorney of Santa
Rosa, is registered at the Lick.
' Captain \V.H. McMln'h of Mission San
Jose Is registered at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Rev. Dr. James H. Day. chancellor of
Syracuse 'University of New York and
noted as an educator, preacher and ora
tor, is the guest of his brother, Thomas
Day. Dr. Day will -preach for Dr. Hut
slnplller.at Central Methodist Church on
Sunday morning next.
William F. Herrin, head of the law de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, returned yesterday from a two
weeks' outing on the McCloud River. ¦
Captains O. F. Bolles and John K. Bul
ger, United States . Inspectors of Steam
Vessels, will leave on Monday for 'a thir
ty days' vacation In Oregon.
Dr. F. G. Brathwaite. a wealthy physi
cian of New York, accompanied by his
wife, Js a guest at the Occidental.
J. B. Wright, division superintendent of
the Southern Pacific Company at Sac
ramento, Is stopping at the Palace.
return Mr. Shine will visit friends in Chi
cago. ' . .
It is hardly necessary to point out to the people
of San Francisco how essential to the welfare of all
it is to have on, the bench men who have not only
a comprehensive knowledge of law, but that impar
tiality of temperament and that firmness of character
which are necessary to enable a Judge to withstand
the bias of partisanship or the pressure of outside in
fluences in giving decisions in whatever cases come
before them. Under^our system of government the
courts are more important than under that of any
other country', for they are called upon not merely to
enforce the law but to pass upon the validity of acts
of the Legislature, and thus determine the nature of
the law they enforce; Consequently we have a greater
f~* OOD Judges are not so plentiful as blackber
( *"~T ries in any community, and accordingly when
— after the test of long service on the bench a
man has been found worthy of the judicial office, ah
intelligent self-interest on the part of the community
will prompt the public to retain him in office rather
than to dismiss him for the sake of a new aspirant, no
matter hotv pleasing such aspirant may be. In the
interests of the community, therefore, .the Republi
cans should renominate Judges Belcher and Bahrs for
re-election. Their terms «f office, are about to ex
pire. The Republican party placed them on the bench
and it alone can retain them there. The responsibility
of re-electing them rests therefore primarily upon
Republicans, and should not be shirked upon any ex
cuse whatever.
FOR THE PUBLIC GOOD.
In all probability the Czar is massing his armies and
getting ready to play a lone hand in China solely with
the intent 'of summoning, a' peace conference at
Peking.;
The rece"nt quarrel between two police officers, at
one of'the localstatiohs had at least one merit. The
belligerent guardians of the peace. vented their.: desire
for. gore upon one another and not upon an inoffen
sive citizen.
,The Bryanites are striving in 'every, way to incite
labor disturbances on a mammoth scale. _ They forget
that intelligent voters .will not believe that trouble
for trouble's sake. will bring prosperity, from a false
The row between the Board of Education and Su
perintendent, of Schools Webster has at least one
merit. It cannot make greater the demoralization
\vhich the absurd policy of the board has already
worked in the schools.
The local Health Eoard is to be congratulated at
least upon its unexampled impudence. After the pub
lic had registered a final verdict of conviction and con
demnation the board files with ¦the Supervisors a plea
of not guilty of the plague outra'ge..
One significant fact seems to prove that the accu
sation is false that the people of Salinas have re
sorted to the firebrand in their Chinese quarter to
avenge Boxer outrages. There is nothing to indi
cate that the people of Salinas have gone insane.
This triumvirate has set in circulation the absurd
report that the proprietor of this paper and E. S.
Piilsbury are scheming to overthrow the State Cen
tial Committee. The report is a falsehood uttered to
deceive the State Committee into the granting of
concessions to the Southern Pacific Company and
Dan Burns, and it is to be hoped for the welfare of
the Republican party that the fraud will not be re
warded, with success. It is natural that William F.
Herrin should play fast and loose with the name of
E. S. Pillsburv. Prestige and ability in an adver
- -'"¦ ¦ . * . * "i ¦< ¦„¦•¦•¦*
sary are qualities William F. Herrin has reason to
fear, and it is said thit E. S. Pillsbury possesses both.
With his affairs this paper or its proprietor is not
concerned. The proprietor of The Call has com
bined with no one to interfere with the labors of the
State Central Committee nor to interrupt its exist
ence. He wishes it only the highest measure oi suc
cess in everything which will give an honorable ad
vantage and success to the Republican party.
THE Republican State Central Committee will
meet to-day to perform a duty which is of pri
mary importance to. the Republican party. Af
fairs which intimately concern the welfare of the
party must be discusstM. and the committee, in its ,
judgment, must reach a decision which shall merit the
approbation of Republicans. In this meeting The Call
i:- vitally interested to see that the decision of the
State Central Committee shall not be dictated by
disreputable agencies within the party, that political
outcasts shall not be "brought again within party
hr.e«. and that mercenary rascals, masking behind-Re
publican banners, shall not be allowed once more to
prey upon party interests.
This paper i« concerned solely in seeking and win
ning Republican success, and any honorable endeavor
which may contribute to that success will receive the
undivided and untiring support of this paper. The
Republican State Central Committee is given assur
ance, therefore, that any measure of its adoption
which means good to the Republican party of this
State will receive the unqualified indorsement of The
Call.
On the eve of this meeting of the Republican State
Central Committee an effort is being made to hood
wink the committee into the adoption of measures
which will mean party suicide. William F. Herrin,
through his factotum. Bogus Telegram Lynch, is cir
culating a report that the proprietor of this paper
and E. S. Pillsbury have planned to supplant the
State Central Committee at the Santa Cruz conven
tion «nd if possible secure the election of another.
This report is discussed simply to emphasize its ab
surdity and to disclose the purpose of those who have
circulated it.
In this matter the personality of the men concerned
:» not of public interest. At this* time it is no con
cern of the public thai William F. Herrin is in Re
publican politics simply that he may control agencies
which prostitute Legislatures, corrupt Supervisors and
make easy the crook«£d road traveled by the corpora
tion for which he works. It is imperative for the Re
pobtiran State Central Committee to remember, how
ever, that he is the associate of a tenderloin bar
keeper and the representative of disease in public life.
It is not necessary for the public to know that the
favorite occupation of John C. Lynch, Collector of
Internal Revenue, is dangling a bar towel in a Mar
ket street saloon and that his field of operations is
cr.e of the back rooms of that saloon; but it is well
to remember that he is paid a salary by the Federal
Government to act the lackev for an emplove of the
Southern Pacific Company and for Dan "Burns, the
personification of all tliat should not be in political
ft STAB f!T THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
Once more we appeal to the Grand Jury to take up
this matter. Neither the Board of Health nor the
Chief of Police shows any intention or even an incli
nation to act. It is therefore imperative that the
Grand Jury should take action. The people are not
going to be deceived by a raid against fantan men.
They are going to ask this question: If the toleration
of fantan justifies a suspicion that the members of
the' Chinatown squa-d have taken bribes, what is to
be the deduction from the fact that the Board of
Health and the Chief of Police tolerate the violation
of law on the part of the rich men who oWn China
town property? •
It is the duty of the Board of Health and. of the
Chief of Police to enforce the health ordinances of
the city. Why have they neglected that duty? WlW
if/so much zeal displayed against a pack of petty fan
tan rascals while nothing is done JVgainst the property
owners whose violations of the law are gross, flagrant
and menacing to the whole community? What is the
good of changing the Chinatown squad, when it is
Chinatown itself that should be changed?
Clean Chinatown. Clean it up, clean it out, clean
it thoroughly. That is the moral of the situation to
day, as it has been that of the situation for years pas*.
Why make a great disturbance about a petty fantan
game here, a lottery swindle there, or any other bit of
tinhorn gambling, when the whole district needs puri
fication? What will be the good of discrediting a
policeman or two and sending a few Chinese gam
blers to jail to be maintained at the expense of the
taxpayers? No such straining out' of; gnats will do
any good to a community that is prepared to swallow
the whole camel of Chinatown. It would be like ap
plying a salve to an irritation of the skin in order
tc cure a disease of the blood.
'The evil that is now made the occasion of a com
plaint against the police, like that which gave rise
to the. quarantine, is the result of tolerating in China
town a persistent and well-nigh universal violation of
the laws of the municipality. Compel the owners cf
Chinatown property to obey the sanitary regulations
of the city, require them to clean their premises and
keep them clean, forbid them to permit on their
property any of those foul apartments, secret pas- 1
sages and underground tunnels, that not only encour
age vice but afford :o the vicious a means of escap
ing detection and evading pursuit, and a long step
will have been taken toward the suppression of the
offenses of which there are now so many and such
just complaints.
Out of the reappearance of the scandal there can
not come a sensation, but the people can, if they
choose draw from it a moral containing an important
lesson. The Chinatown scandals are not due to any
fault of the police squads that patrol the district. They
are the inevitable result of the conditions that prevail'
in Chinatown, and those conditions are due to tlic
fact that the officials of the city permit the property
owners of the district to maintain their premises in a
manner that renders them breeding-houses of vice
and crime and disease.
Why try to make a sensation out of the reappear
ance of the old scandal? It has become "a twice told
tale vexing the dull ears of drowsy men." Every po
lice sergeant who accepts the Chinatown detail might
as well bid a long farewelljto his reputation.' Whether
he do good or do evil he will have enemies, and they
will start the old story of blackmail and corruption.
He that handles "pitch will be defiled, and he that
serves in Chinatown cannot escape the Chinatown
stink. Wherefore praise is to be given to' the two
members of Mahoney's squad who some time ago
asked to be relieved from' further service in the dis
trict. They are wise men in their generation, and
are. now enjoying the benefits of their discretion by
being able to stand at a safe distance from the fire
while watching their companions on the grill.
ONCE more the old story from Chinatown.
The charges against Police Sergeant Mahoney
and his squad and the sergeant's indignant de
nial of them are but repetitions of talcs with which
the people of San Francisco have been familiar for
years. Policemen come and policemen go in China
town, but the familiar stqry runs on from year to
year with hardly a change except that of the names.
THE CHINATOWN SCANDAL.
SATURDAY '. AUGUST 4. 1000
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS. Proprietor.
tcaets AM Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
riUI-ICATlON OFFICE. .WurUet nnd Tliird. S. W.
Tflophoac I'reas 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS....217 «© 2»1 Stev«»«©» St.
Telephone Press SOS.
nellTerrd »»y Currier*. IS Cent" Per Week.
Single Coplea, Q Cents.
Tfrn* by JIatl. Including Poitagei
DAILT CALL <lneladln«; Sunday), one year.......... fJ-J*
DAILT CALL, Oncludln* Sunday). < months l.W
J-AJI.Y CALL (including Euoday). I montht. l.M
PA1LT CALK— Br 'Sinrie Month «5o
SUNDAY CALL. One Year ........ ~ J-M
VKCKLT CALL. On« Tear *-00
A !J poitmaittn sire mathortaetf to reeelra
subscriptions.
Sample ccpiea will be forwaidtd when raqutaleA.
Ma!l rubaeribeni in orOertnr chance of address should b»
p«j~.".<-vlsr to rlTe both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lasure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway ,
C GEORGE KROGNESS. g
Vznajer Foreign Ad-erttsinfj, Marquett© Building, Chicago.
<Lfr,[ Distance Telephone "Central 2(19.")
XEW TORK CORTtESPOXDENTs
C C. ORLTON..;. Herald Squaro
NEW JORK. REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 1 B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS :
Efcenran House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
FYerscst licuse. Auditorium Hotel.
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Artorta Hotel; A. Brentano, n Union Square;*
Murray Mil Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel!
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspandent.
BltATSCF OFFICES-^: Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until f:20 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until S:3» o'clock. C3S
Mr A Ulster, opes until S:*> o'clock. «1S Larkln. open until
*30 o'clock. is<l Mission, open until 19 o'clock. 2261 Market.
comer Sixteenth. cr*n until I o'clock. 109« Valencia, open
mil] 3 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW cor
aer Tventy-aecond and Kentucky, open until » o'clock,
The terms of five Superior Judges expire in Janu
ary, iooi. To their positions Judges are to be elected
this year. Each party will of course nominate can
didates for them all. To that extent the issue is
a partisan one, but no further. Intelligent voters
will not permit party considerations to affect their
action in voting for Judges. All that a party can
do with respect to such offices is to nominate candi
dates. It lies in the power of Republicans to refuse
a renomination to Judge Bahrs and Judge Belcher,
but such a refusal will cost the party dear. These men
on the bench have borne themselves worthily; they
have won the confidence*an3 the esteem of men of all
parties, and it is not too much to say that the better
class of citizens of all parties expect their renomina
tion. This is one of the duties the party owes to the
city that must not be overlooked. •
concern in selecting good Judges than any other peo
ple. Moreover, all experience 'proves that it is'npt
easy to obtain fit men for such offices. Over and
over again litigants- — and, indeed, whole communi
ties — have suffered by reason of a Judge incompetent
or lacking in integrity. Out of that experience can
be learned the , lesson which the Republicans of San
Francisco are now called upon to -apply to the case
before them. ! . v '
We have in the midst of us about seven millions
and a half of illiterate negroes, our former slaves and
their descendants, and as many more illiterate whites
of our own race. These are the lees in the wine of our
civilization, and there be philosophers, who ocay that
we have no need to capture islanders seven thousand
miles away to educate at our expense while there is
such a goodly number of our own people who don't
know B from bullsfoot.
When it comes to a competition of civilizations the
red ribbon is worth oil sorts of expense, and if it be
so very important that we get the rerdict of the Fili
pinos in our favor we should spare neither pains nor
expense, for there is a growing suspicion that our
civilization needs indorsement.
The Professor-Commissioner will see at once that
when the study of the two civilizations is reduced to
equality of terms we must not only educate "a goodly
number" at Berkeley, but to prove that we are su
perior to Spain must send them to the peninsula and
duplicate their education in Spanish universities.
Professor Moses, being a philosopher, and having
prepared to placate the islands by taking the census,
must see that a Filipino who is prepared to deplete
the revenues of Berkeley by matriculating as a stu
dent of our civilization is likely to be intelligent
enough to understand that Spain and America are not
tc be judged and compared by what Spain did in the
islands and what we do at home. The terms of com
parison must be equal. Our deeds in the islands must
be compared with Spain's, and the home life of Spain
with ours.
The Filipinos have had exactly the same opportun
ity to judge our civilization that they had to judgs
Spain's, in its effect upon the people born and reared
under it for generations. No study' of it in the
Berkeley university can remove or improve the im
pression of it they have received from contact with us
in their own islands.
It is a crude and homely but not unwise saying
among plain people, arising in a past age of license
in personnl conduct and habit, that a gentleman is a
man who is a gentleman when he is drunk.
Civilizations may be judged in much the same way.
Do they control their subjects when removed from
their immediate atmosphere, or do they lapse to a
lower plane? That is the issue, and not what con
duct is followed when in their atmosphere.
We regret that Professor Moses falls into cant.
There has been too much cant about our superior
civilization. Not as an official, but as a professor
and philosopher, Professor Moses knows that civili
zations are judged by their effect upon the people
reared under them. The intellectual, moral and so
cial institutions of a country are its character, what
Buddha called its "Karma."
Professor Moses is a philosopher and student. He
lias arranged to take a census in the islands, and his
colleague in the faculty, Professor Plehn, is going
out to take it. Just what relation there is between
taking the census of an infuriated and disappointed
people and sending some of them to school at the
cost of American taxpayers, and the placation of the
island?, is not visible to us. •
7 From observations already made I am inclined to
think that we shall find among the young people of
the islands a large number of eager and competent
students, and I hope some arrangement may be made
by which, from time to time, a goodly number may
be sent to the schools of America. It may, perhaps,
be found advisable to render some of them assistance
from public funds. It is quite likely that in this way
we can help to bring the people of these islands to
appreciate somewhat the civilization of the United
States, and to mark the difference between America
and Spain."
The latest information of the doings of the com
mission comes to the public by the way of Berkeley,
Cal. President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the State
University enlarges a letter from Professor Bernard
Moses of that institution, who is a member of the
commission. Professor Moses says:
WHEN will the Commissioners to the Philippines
get down to l he business on which they, arc
sent, get down cut of the air, on to the ground,
and do something to end there a military situation
which is getting more rank every day with a greater
odium than made Spain offensive? The reports mul
tiply that from officers down to privates, the soldier3
arc the lords of life and death. The massacres that
take place are sickening. The only law seems to be
the code of Attila, the Hun, lex talionis. In re
taliation the innocent are mowed down and towns are
razed to the ground. It was to end all this that the
last commission went out. But little, and that unim
portant, has been heard of its doings. It has discov
ered the ecclesiastical land tenure, but makes no
proposition concerning it. • The Spanish friar issue
has been presented to it, but no solution is proposed.
Exclusion of the Chinese has been asked for by the
natives, but no aclion is taken. Now be it known
that the practical, burning questions in the islands
arc three in 'number. They are: Land tenure, the
friars, the Chinese. These were principally the cause
of the revolution against Spain in 1806, which e'nded
with the treaty of Biacbatano. Spain promised to
settle these issues in the interest of the native people
and broke her word.
When the commission takes up these questions the
end of the long misery may be in sight.
But is it taking them up? If so, the most remark
! able reticence is shown by it. It procured the ar
ranpement of a fete in Manila to celebrate the am
nesty proclamation, and nobody attended.
EDUCATING FILIPINOS
life
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera -h'-.use— /'The Red Liamp."
California— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
Tivcli-"Ai(Ia."
Alcazar— "Romeo and Juliet." *
Columbia — "Brother Officers."
Olytnpia. corner Mason and Eddy etreeta — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville, every afternoon and
cvcolag.
Fischer*— Vaudeville.
Rrcr*at:on I'ark — Bafball.
Sutro llatns — Open nights.
L»r. Siegerts Angostura Blttera, the cele-
brated appetizer and lnvigorator of the digest-
ive organs, is now used all over the world.
When you travel? If you do. "buy your ticket
via the Northern Pacific R'jr and rids on th»
"North Coast Limited." the most perfectly ap-
pointed train in America. Solid Testibuled and
Ugltted with incandescent electric lights, ob-
servation car with a large parlor for ladles,
tourist gleepinz car finished In mahogany and
upholstered in clive green leather. Th» only
line selling tickets direct into Yellowston* Park.
Tickets to all points north and east at the low-
est rates. T. K. STATELER. Gen. Agt.. «M
Market «t.. S. F. * • -
Do You Enjoy Comfort
Brazil and walnut candy. Townsend'3.*
• m •
Teanut crisps. Townsend's, O, Palace.*
Splendid Cal. since cherries. TownsentTs.*
Delicious pineapple at Towr.send's. •
Cream kisses. Townsend'3. 630, Palace.*
¦ • » .
Butter scotch, butter loss, caramels, mo-
lasses buttercups. Townsend's, 639, Palace.*
¦ • ¦
Townsend's Cal. glace fruits. 50c a lb in
fire etched boxes or Jap baskets. 639 Mar-
ket street. Palace Hotel. •
¦ • «
Special information supplied dally to
I business houses and public men by th©
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
The prize offered for the accepted d*-
slBn for the gateway for Denver's city
park was won by a 13-year-old boy of that
city. Hart Wood, from a dozen well-knewn^
architects of long experience and train-
ing, though young "Wood had been »tudy-
ing only a year and a half. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
After a Refreshing Bath
On a sultry day the prospect of puttins
on such exquisitely laundered linen, white
and faultless in finish, is a pleasure to tha
man that has his shirts, collars and cuffs
"done up" at our laundry. Our aim la to
please our patrons, and we spare no pains
to do It. as we want the patronage of
every man In San Francisco. No "aaw
edges."
Domestic finish for full dress shirts «
you order it. ,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street.
Near Pow»ll.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Off tce-363 12th Street.
LOANS
ON DEFINITE CONTRACT.!
INSTALLMENT fLUTt. ¦'
tl2 85 a month pays up a SlflOO loan in 10
years: J20 80 In 5 years.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association,
232 MONTGOMERY ST.The California Northwestern ' Railway
officials report the largest attendance^his
season to date of any season In the .his
tory' of 'El Campo. The Uklah makes
three round trips each Sunday and affords
ample accommodation for alL : > : ¦.-; : ;<--r ~'~-,
£1 Campo.
Joseph W. Yarndley, violinist, died yes
terday at the German Hospital of cancer
of the throat. He formerly resided in
this city, but In late years has made his
home ln Honolulu, wher.e he was . well
known to all musicians/ He was an adept
performer on the violin and was also n,
vocalist of ability. The funeral. will take
place at Odd Fi Hows' Cemetery on Sun
day at 3 o'clock. Mrs. Yarndley and Mrs.
Kate Schulz; a sister, are ln this cljjv'"".
Violinist Yarndley Passes Away.
The case of Attorney Howard -Herron,
charged by August. K. Drucker, 23 Grant
avenue, with embezzling $535' on. or about
February 10 last, was dismissed by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on the ground that it
was a matter" for the civil', courts 'to deal
with. Drucker was a client of Herron and
alleged. that the. latter retained $535 of hia
mony. Herron claims that the money
was due him for fees.
Attorney and Client.*
Of course a sleeping car on a short day
run of this kind is not to be used as such,
but rather as a parlor car. for the benefit
of passengers who desire comforts not af
forded by the ordinary coach. Even
though a slight additional charge is neces
sary, a great many people prefer those
comforts, and no doubt the car will be
popular during the large summer travel to
and from Del Monte and Paciiic Grove.
Passengers.
More comforts are to be afforded those
who travel down the coast line. tom ;
meneins to-day with the train which
leaves Third and Townsend streets at 2:45
p. m.. familiarly known as the Del Monte
express, a Pullman sleeping car will be
run between San Francisco and Pacific
Grove. From the grove it will leave at
C:35 o'clock in the morning,' neither way
on Sundays, however. »¦
A Sleeping Parlor Car for Monterey
MORE COMFORTS
FOR TRAVELERS
YESTERDAY was "free day" at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art,
and, as usual, a large crowd of in
terested—and interesting— visitors
gathered to enjoy the artistic hospitality
of the Art Association.
"Free Friday" grows in favor month
by month, from 1500 to 4000 visitors of all
classes climbing the big hljl on each oc
casion for a glimpse of the . pictures—
which argues at least an embryonic In
terest In art. It is pleasing to see many
children— California's artists of the fu
ture—among the visitors, and altogether
amusing to hear their frank and unex
pected comments on the new and old mas
ters in the gallery.
There are few new things in the collec
tion this month— a Monterey scene by W.
A. Coulter and eome very admirable car
bon print reproductions of old and mod
ern masters by Braun Clement et Cie.
These reproductions, presented by Mr.
Scarlrs and chosen ln Paris, Berlin and
elsewhere by A. F. Matthews, include
copies of many famous Rembrandts.
Franz Hals, Corots. Murillo, Raphael;
Henner and others. There is also a most
interesting collection of Holbeins, red
chalk drawing reproduction?, which has
recently been hung.
The Art Association announces the re
opening of the School of Design on Mon
day. August 6. A large number of appli
cations have already been made, and a
larger attendance than usualis antici
pated.
"FREE DAY" AT THE
INSTITUTE OF ART
and' turning the tables on his vanquisher
or on some other good man. He has been
doing light training ln the gymnasium of
the San Rafael Athletic Club and' is al
ready in line trim. Sportsmen who have
seen the Australian work state that he
has improved greatly in his stvle. He no
longer "telegraphs" his blows and has
stopped swinging his arms wildly. Mur
phy is delighted that he has been given
another chance and promises to surprise
the talent when he steps into the ring in
Woodward's Pavilion on the evening of
the 24th.
• Trimble's Interests are being looked
after by Tim McGrath, the veteran
trainer. The Los Angeles wonder is
matched to fight Al Neill in San Jose in
October, but this engagement will not de
ter him from taking on Murphy.. He is
undergoing light training and will begin
serious work on Monday next. Trimble's
last victory was over "Soldier" Phil
Green. He is said to be a shifty and hard
hitting fighter.
Tommy Cox, the Australian light
weight, who, decisively defeated Willie
Cole last month, will probably be pitted
against. Toby Irwin or Do Coursey. He will
concede weight to either of the-last
named fighters for the privilege of secur
ing a match. Local" ring-goers would
raiher see Irwin In the ring with tho Aus
tralian. Toby' has won Innumerable
frfends by his clever, work and they would
like to see his "left" work execution on
Cox. Charlie Thurston and some equally
aggressive lighter from the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club will be matched to
present a- "curtain-raiser- 1 on the night of
the foregoing contests.
The Columbia Athletic Club has settled
all its differences and will make a strong
bid for public favor. Manager McGlnley
is an old-time boxer and the members of
the craft have great faith ln him.
Excellent Card Arranged by Colum
bia Athletic Club for Latter Part
of This Month.
- Matchmaker James McGlnley of the Co
lumbia Athletic Club has arranged an ex
cellent card for the patrons of the ring
for this month. He has secured Tim
Murphy and Jim Trimble for the main
event and has the privilege of signing
Tommy Cox against Toby Irwin or De
Coursey for a preliminary. Murphy and
Trimble will meet in a downtown resort
to-morrcw afternoon and sign articles of
agreement. They will ilght at the mid
dle-weight limit and will box twenty
rounds for a decision. • Jack Welch or
Phil Wand is agreeable to both men and
either may be chosen to preside ln the
ring as referee. - S
Since his defeat at the hands of Al Neill,
Murphy has taken the best of care of him
self in the hope of getting a return match
MURPHY AND TRIMBLE
MATCHED TO DO BATTLE
and a number of other water consumers.
The action was to enforce a lien against
certain lands of the defendants alleged to
have been created by a written contract
between the Irrigation company and a'
man named E. It. Perrin. The Parks and
others bought Perrin's land and became
tucccRsors to him in the contract for the
pupply of water for the fame. The irri
gation company was organized for the
purpose of taking water from the Kings
River and supplying the people along the
line of its canals with water for their
lands. It does a business of about $100.
<X*0 a year. The Parks owed about $300
for two years" supply and refused to pay,
whereupon suit was brought. One of the
principal questions involved was whether
the land benefited was liable for the debt.
In fact, it affe<:tis the entire business of
this and other irrigation companies. To
the complaint the defendants entered a
general demurrer, petting up in substance
that the water of the river Is a part of
the public domain and free to all to use;
also, that the company had no right to
make su<-h a contract. The objection was
not sustained and Judgment went to the
company. An appeal was taken.
Agreements by "Water Companies and
Consumers Are Valid Without
Statutory Provision.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the
judgment of the Superior Court of Fresno
ln the case of the Fresno Canal and Irri
gation Company against Adeline B. Parks
SUPREME COURT PASSES
ON IRRIGATION CONTRACTS
Small bass fishers in the upper bay have
begun operations again and are shipping
fish of illegal size into the market in the
hope of getting better prices than for the
larger kinds.' Vesterday the fishermen
sustained a considerable loss by Deputy
Fish Commissioner L. N. Kerchlval con
fiscating 1000 pounds of under-sized striped
bass which had been sent from Pinole.
The fish were given to the Presidio Hos
pital and the King's Daughters' Home for
Incurables.
Large Seizure of Pish.
The local poolroom folks lay all the
blamo of closing their shops at the door
of the Sausalito magnates. Tho historv
of gambling is replete with varns o"f
when? the "pot got to calling the kettle
black" everything was eventually
sewed up.
The owners of Imp are coming in for
scathing criticism from most of the East
ern critics, for the manner in which the
black whirlwind is being pounded about
The grand mare, plainly showing want of
rest, has been started under all sorts of
unfavorable conditions, and Brossman &
Harned should be given a trial at shaping
up cobblestones for about sixty days
"Pa" Bradley, owner of Boney Boy is
another of these lngrates of whom 'tlie
humane officers should take notice. Men
of this class are a disgrace to the turf
whose level should be shaking dice from
a smooth box or playing "stud" poker
with a refrigerated deck of cards
A dispute over the "Texas" Smith mat
ter caused "big" John CarroM, nephew of
Ed Corrigan. to engage In a wordv
wrangle with President Fitzgerald o'f
Hawthorne one day last • week. Carroll
was ordered off the track, but later In
the day the order was rescinded
Quite recently some kicking has been
Indulged in by bettors and onlookers at
the Kastern courses over the saddle ef
forts of Shaw. The boy Is under contract
to tleorge E. Smith, and It could n6t be
possible "Pittsburg Phil" would do any
thing wron? -
And eo "Texas" Smith thinks Danny
Lynch and Frank Doss worked his un
doing and caused the ruling to be made
against him at Chicago. Well, this is not
at all Improbable. Lynch Is a hand\*
chess player If he can find the necessar'v
dummies to work with, but little Danny
is always careful. to peek from behind the
fence, ne.ver exposing himself. Smith
must be differently constituted from the
average Texan, else there wouM be two
vacancies in the profession.
The twenty-eight- superbly bred vear
llngs from Sprecfcels' stock farm at N'npa.
the get of Imp. Ormonde, St. Carlo, Imp.-
Crighton. Ravelston and The Judge, will
be shipped to New York on August 10. in
charge cf- Superintendent George Berry.
Their reputation has preceded them and'a
grea^ sale is. predicted.
F. E. MULHOLTjANI).
j nificant change in the tactics of the' Chi-
I nese.
Police Commission Must Judge.
j It Is expected that Sergeant McManus
, will at least cripple gambling ln the Chi
i nese quarter If he does not altogether
I suppress It. Sergeant McManus enjoys
| probably the best record of any police
j official who ever served in Chinatown. In
I a police service of seven years he has
i spent at least three years in the Chinese
' district, and there Is not the shadow of
' suspicion upon his integrity. The Chi
nese fear him nnd it is taken for granted
that they will do everything in their pow
er to have him removed. In this, how
ever, they are likely to find that their en
deavors will -be idle.
In speaking cf the Mahoney scandal
yesterday Chief of Police Sullivan said
that hfs duty In the premises had prac
tically ended. "I do not intend," he said,
"to prefer any charges N against Sergeant
Mahoney. because I have no evidence, that
he has been guilty of any wrongdoing. It
makes no difference what Fuspicions I
might have, the (act remains that I have
no proof and I will not assail the char
acter of a member of the department
without proof. Money may have passed
in this matter as far as I know. There
seems to be evidence that the Chinese
gamblers contributed to a corruption
fund and that some of that money may
have drifted Into channels which it
phould never have reached. But of this
"In order that there may be no more
complications in this matter I have issued
written instructions to the new squad.
The patrolmen are to make their rounds
In pairs and are ordered to make arrests
wherever they see violations of the law.
This will simplify affairs materially and
will silence one of the most significant
objections made to the policy of Ser
geant Mahoney."
Sergeant McManus has already made
three arrests since his advent in the dis
trict. He raided the lottery den of liig
Chung at 70S Sacramento street and took
one man Into custody. Search warrants
will be asked for permission to examine
sctiros of places in the district, and when
the now squad has found its bearings the
crusade against the gamblers will begin
in earnest.
McManus Begins His Raid.
I have no proof nor any means of ob
taining proof.
"I intend to present all the facts in my
possession to the Police Commission at its
meeting on Tuesday night. The commis
sion shall then decide whether to
begin an Investigation. I have closely in
terrogated Sergeant M./honcy and he ve
hemently denies that he ever took a dol
lar corruptly during his service in the Chi- s
nese quarter. He says he devoted most
. of his time to lotteries, and from force
of circumstances was compelled- ln a
measure to neglect the gambling clubs. He
says that he never prevented any of his
men from making arrests, and any as
sertion to the contrary Is a falsehood.- ,
SERGEANT BERNARD McMANUS; WHO IS OR
DERED TO DESTROY CHINESE GAMBLING.
Country Clubs Will Visit the Local
Cricketers for a Series of
Matches.
To-morrow on the Webster-street
grounds, Alameda, the Pacific and Ala
medateams will meet for the fourth time
during the present season. The Pacific
team will be made up as follows: H. C.
Cassidy, captain; J. Myers, C. P. Coles,
George Theobald, J. J. Theobald. A. W. !
Wilding, A. B. Willis, D. Jamieson, W.
Jamleson, W. Henderson, L. H. Sandi
lands or W. McDonald. The Alameda rep
resentatives will be R. B. Hogue, J. H.
Saunders, H. Ward Jr., F. Croll, V. See
beck. B. Bird. W. G. Fortman, G. J.
Baugh, F. Stahl, P. E. McLean and W.
Richter.
The Santa Cruz Country Club wishes to
visit San Francisco next month and to
play return matches against the Pacifies
on the 8th, against the Alamedas on the
9th and against the Californiaa on the
10th. As this Is the time at which the
combined city team visits Lake County,
there may be some difficulty in getting
full teams in San Francisco at that time.
The Santa Cruz Country Club members
say that September 8. 9 and 10 are the
only days on which they can make up a
team to visit San Francisco. Earlier in
the season the Santa Cruzans wrote to
the secretary of the association, enclos
ing letters to the secretaries of the Ala-'
meda. Pacific and California clubs, ask
ing for these dates. The association,
however, was pledged to send a team up
to Lake County during the season and
the Admission day holidays proved the
only time at which this could be done.
PACIFIC AND ALAMEDA
CRICKET TEAMS TO MEET
The evidence which Chief of Police Sul
fcven poppesses 1b based almost excluslve-
Zy upon Chinese testimony, which, in an
affair of this character. Is practically
worthless. It is known that Mahoney did
not close the ecores of gambling and lot
tery houses which are running ln full
blast in the Chinese quarter. These dens
were known to even casual visitors in the
Chinese quarter, and they certainly could
not have been unknown to Sergeant Ma
honey unless he is willing to admit that
he was criminally negligent of his duty.
it is charged that Mahoney reprimanded
iis subordinates for any attempt to raid
a lottery den or gambling house without
bis permission. It is a matter easy to
prove that the Chinese gamblers made a
meekly subscription to a corruption fund
and that they were loud in protesting
against the tribute which they were
*ore*>d to pay.
Whether that money or any part
of it parsed into the hands of the police
is the question which Chief Sullivan is
rot prepared to answer, and to determine
which he says he has not the- positive
firoof. whatever his suspicion may be.
His investigation proved to h!s satisfac
tion that Sergeant Mahoney, In the face
of ugly rumors, was not performing his
duties. The law was being violated and
for that reason Sergeant Mahoney was
lemoved. That the Chinese understood
the situation thoroughly was demon-
Etrated last night when Sergeant Bernard
McManus and his squad took charge of
the district. Every gambling house was
closed to its horde of patrons. The hun
dreds of white boys and men who have
been patronizing the lotteries did not
make their nightly visit. The change in
police government had made a moft Fig-
Ma honey Was Blind to Duty.
Wi!3 Submit
Proof of Guilt Must
Rest Upon the
Dubious Testi
mony of Chinese.
«
THE removal of Serg«*ant Patrick
Mahoney and his squad from China
town was the theme yesterday of
sensational gossip In police circles.
The crash which came so suddenly was
not by any rn^ns unexpected, as the
tongue of scandal has wagged for months
ln reference to police administration ln
the Chinese district. It was a matter of
common notoriety that gambling was
going on not only without police inter
ferenc« but practically under police pro
tection. It was known that the Chinese
were subscribing to a corruption fund
and that they were squirming under the
demands which were made upon them. It
•was natural, therefore, that the climax
should be reached in a scandal.
Chief of Police Sullivan does not intend,
however, to prefer charges against Ser
geant Mahoney for any member of his
equad. The Chief declares that it would
be Idle for him to do so, as he has no
positive proof of the guilt of the officer
whom he has removed, and he will not in
stitute an Investigation based upon noth
ing more substantial than suspicion. The
Chief of Police Intends to present all the
facts ln his possession to the Police Com
jr.lssion and leave It to that body to de
termine whether or not an inquiry Into
the conduct of Sergeant Mahoney shall be
cade. It is ln this way that the matter
now rests. Sergeant Mahoney has made
a complete statement to the Chief of Po
lice and has denied every charge made
against him. even by Insinuation. The
e^rgeant as a matter of course Insists
U.at he has been guiltless of any wrong,
end unless the Police Commission takes
pome action he will perform the duties
assigned to him at the North End station.
Chief SulHvae
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
MUST JUDGE MAHONEY
Say the Guarding Inspectors Receive
Sufficient per Diem and It
Should Not Be Ia
' creased.
.*• »
The retaining of George Knight to use
his personal political influence at "Wash
ington to have the per Oiem of guarding
inspectors increased, a3 detailed exclu
sively in yesterday's issue of the Call, was
the prominent topic of conversation ln
Custom-house circles during the day.
Outside of the seventy-four guarding in
spectors immediately interested in his
mission, no one at all conversant with the
facts believed that Mr. Knight would suc
ceed.
Port Collector Jacksoo eaid that in all
probability the Secretary of tha Treasury
would refer the matter to him for his
opinion and report and thnt' hp would not
hesitate to report unfavorably; Discharg
ing inspectors were paid $4 per .day. he
said, because work of a clerical nature
was required, and their duties were of. a
very responsible and tldiciary character.
Three dollars per diem for the night In
spectors, who simply acted as watchmen,
he considered a fair compensation, being
on* dollar more than was received by pri
vate watchmen on the water front. The
Collector said further that if the per diem
of the night or guarding Inspectors should
be raised in this port there would be a
demand for a similar increase in every
port In the United States.
Customs Surveyor Spear expressed hlm
sHf as opposed to the proposition for sim
ilar reasons.
"I have no objection to Mr. Knight
earning. $C000 or $4000." he said.- " and I
am glad that he received $350 from the
guarding inspectors to buy cigars with in
Washington, for he is a good fellow and
well worth the money If he can earn it.
But; I don # t think he will. Of course
among the guarding inspectors there are
some men equally competent to act as
discharging inspectors, but these are pro
moted whenever an opportunity offers. In
the meantime they are not called upon to
do any clerical or responsible work."
Port Collector Jackson and
Surveyor Spear Are Op
posed to It.
HEAVY HAMMERS
CUT FOR GEORGE
KNIGHT'S SCHEME
Mr. Watt denied yesterday that the
Joint commission had anything to do with
the employment of a detective. Mr. Ma
honey says it was don<? without the knowl
edge of the Police Commission and that
he only found that there was a detective
Investigating the affairs of the electrical
department when he ran across Gibson's
trail when he. was looking over the de
partment himself. The detective was
working, however, and his report has been
In the .hands of the Commissioners for
some time.
There are more denials of the fact that
the report was ever r^ad to the Commis
sioners, a fact which was never asserted
for the report was handed round from one
to the other and was never read at a reg
ular meeting.
The charges of mismanagement are
grave ones, but Hewitt declares he can
explain away every one of them. If he
does not and they are proved true it i.s
the opinion of at least one of the Commis
sioners that they are grave enough to
warrant a change In the office of superin
tendent.
• That the purchasing of materials has
not been altogether satisfactory to the
board is shown by the fact that the
method of making purchases for the de
partment has been changed recently the
change taking the actual purchase of sup
plies out of the hands of the superinten
dent and lodging it in the hands of the
secretary of the joint commission, which
in this case, is n. U Cadwallader. secre
tary of the Police Commission. The sys
tem introduced is that in vogue in the
Fire Department.
In the Fire Department the requisitions
for supplies are made out by the various
assistant chiefs and these are sent to
the secretary. He takes them to at least
three merchants and secures bids on
them, the lowest of which he accepts.
Then the requisition is filled out and the
supplies are accepted and passed bv the
chiefs making the original requisition
ihl"Vw I ?r^ S^U em win be Introduced In
the Electrical department in place of the
old one, which allowed the superintendent
o whn e m r h qillsl , tl0ns i take th « reSuiSltfon
supplieThlmsettf^ a " d then paSS the
The matter of the poles and that of the
tappers are the most serious Hewitt will
hn, V h V^f- iIe savs ne can ™«et them
both Nothing will be done before Friday
Jlf xt \J lo^ ever - as ll has been given out
£ at J he F L re Commission Is too busy with
the horseshoeing problem to take timefor
?oln u fh 'vV^M 0 ?- hcnce »t wH I not
for i Elf , Crloal Department inquiry
win LTn lea £ t - A s *> ec lal meeting
will be called for Friday next when th«
investigation will probably proceed.
WHAT THE HORSEMEN ARE
DOING ON MANY TRACKS
Turf Gossip of Interest to Local Fol
lowers of Trotting and Running
Thoroughbreds.
"When the great California bred gelding
Coney stopped his mile in-2:02*i at Cleve
land recently it is said Charles Durfee
owner of McKinney, the pacer's sire,
wired Tom Keating congratulations and
paid, 'Have a bottle on me." Keatinjr re
turned thanks, replying, "When he beats
two minutes, drink one with meA. This
would indicate that the astute Tommy
quite evidently thinks that ln Coney he
possesses a world beater, and recent re
ports from the grand circuit say the great
handler of horses of the lateral gait ex
i!r Se £ £« d " ire tO meet Joe Patchen.
John R. Gentry, Hal Pointer or any of
covered. At that he at times showed
marvelous bursts of speed, actually tak
ing two heats ln the rich Chamber of
Commerce stake at Detroit, where he cov
ered a mile In 2:07?i. proving the fastest
green horse" ever uncovered. Previous
to this race he had shown a mile in
2fK. and this when only a four-,™ar-old"
In the fall Coney was led into the Bales
ring at the great Fuslg sale held at : Clevc
.? n $.,? o , Tr L eatl P J g having concluded to
"splifwlth his od partner, Lew Crellin
of Pleasanton. Ho was knocked down to
the bid of^the wealthy Eastern turfman.
mes u Rutter V for^ "omething less than
JloOO, who purchased the "wigfrler" iointlv
with his old handler ancTcondltfoner
Keatinp. In his winning race at Clevi'
land the black gelding sold for $70 and $S0
in pools of eight and nine hundred pavine
his backers big returns. Through his re
cent performances Coney adds additional
luster to the breeding industries of th?s
State, standing as he does the speediest
representative of the harness brigade ever
bred west of the Rockies. , b e er
The Investigation Into the affairs of the
electrical department of the city has been
postponed again and It is now set for
next Friday. The report upon which the
investigation will be based is still under
lock and key and Commissioner Mahoney,
who is responsible for it. says he cannot
give it out unless he has the consent of
the other Commissioners, or, at least, that
of Rolla V. Watt, the chairman of the
Joint commission. Mr. Watt declines to
agree to the publication of the report,
nor will he admit that there is such a re
port in existence.
Chairman Watt Declines to A^re*
That Gibson's Report Be Made
Public—Changes in the Pur
chasing System.
Investigation Is Postponed
UntU Next Friday
Afternoon.
COMMISSIONERS
SILENT ON THE
HEWITT INQUIRY
TILE SAX FRAN CISCO CAIiL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 4, 1900.
7
The chief export of Germany to Great
Britain Is sugar, which amounted ln
value to 128,300,000 mark*. - - - -
-Keepers at the Central - Park Zoo' In
New York are vainly- looking: for ' some
means of preserving the elephants '• from
rats. The latter, gnaw the feet of the big
brutes until they are larcerated.' and no
way has yet -been' found, -to protect-them."
The name of the teacher can be given
by Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle
.Creek/ Mich.
GRAPE-NUTS.
SCHOOLMA'AM
Found Out How to Feed Herself.
Many school teachers, at Jthe end of
their year's work, feel thoroughly ex-
hausted and worn out, physically and
mentally. The demand upon the nerves
and brAtn of a teacher is unusual and
unless they are well fed and fed upon
properly selected food it is natural that
they should run down.
A littie woman teacher at Gobleville.
Mich., who has been teaching regularly
for a number of years, has always found
herself thoroughly exhausted at the end
of thesession, until within the last year
she has made use of Grape-Nuts Food,
with the result that she closed the year
as a robust, healthy, strong, vigorous
woman, having gained in weight from
go pounds to \2&; her nerves strong, face
bright nnd cheery, and really 'a wonder
to all of her friends, who constantly
comment on her color and strength. She
knows exactly to what the change is at-
tributed, for in the years past, living on
ordinary food, she has almost broken
down before the schooj year closed,
whereas since using .Grape-Nuts this
change has been brought about;, evi-
dence prima facie of the value of Grapc-
Xuts Food for rebuilding the brain and
nerve centers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Is a critical period
In the life of every woman
and no mistakes should
The one recognized and
reliable help for women
who are approaching and
passing through this
wonderful change Is
I Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I
. That the utmost reliance
can be placed upon this
great medicine Is testi-
fied to by an army of
grateful women who have
been helped by ii.
Mrsm Pinkham, who has
the greatest and most
successful experience In
the world to qualify her,
will advise - you freo of
chargem Her address Is
Lynn, Mass. Write to her.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the Care of: Gonorrhoea, Gleets.
Strictures nnd analogous comolalnts
of the Or"and of veneration.
Price ; 11 . a bottle. . For sale ; by druggists. '
KEW WESTERN HOTEL.,
KEABNT ', AND WASHINGTON • STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. , KING, WARD 6k
CO. European plan. • Rooms. 60c ; to Jl BO day;
$5 to $8 week; Pi to {20 month., Free baths; hot
and cold water ev«ry room; flre crates in every
room;. elevator runs all nlKht. - •- - ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-t>AT, SATITRDAY. AUG. 4.
Parquet. 25c. Any Seat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. Any Part.
MR. AND MRS. JOHN MASON. UIRU.
• (Katherine Grey). UlUn
THE ST. OXGE BROTHERS. .
ZELMA RAWLSTON. GRADE
NICHOLS SISTERS.
SULLIVAN AND WEBBER. VAIIflF
MAZIE KINO. f HUUL-
JESSIE PADGHAM. I/I 1 I C I
LORD AND ROWE. YILLt I
THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
¦ .
. MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME!
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRYMILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY
In L*-o Trevor's Comedy-Drama,
"BROTHERJFFICERS."
SUNDAY NIGHT.
BURTON HOLME* LECTURES.
Subject— "ROUND ABOUT PARIS."
Next Monday. One Week Only.
HENRY MILLER AS ERIC TEMPLE.
• Seats Ready.
Walter Moroeco Sol* Lease* and Manmc.r
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST TWD NIGHTS
"THE RED LAMP."
MONDAY— "THE MIDDLEMAN."
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 23c. 50c.
A Few Front Rows ln Orchestra. 7Sc-
Saturday Matinee— 10c. 15e. 25c. 50c
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
*TIYO-LI*
EVENING PERFORMANCES AT 8 SHARP!!
MATIXEE TO-DAY AT 2.
LAST TIME. To-morrow Evening:, of
"LUCIA."
Repetto, Ruaso, Ferrari. Nlcolinl, Schuster.
FINAL RENDITION To-night of
"AIDA."
Llchter, Graham. Avedano, Satassa. Xlcollnl.
Schuster, Etc., Etc.
Next Week-'-OTHELLO," "RIGOLETTO."
POPULAR PRICES 23 and SO cents.
Telephone. Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
;- • •? • LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Favorite FLORENCE
ACTRESS ROBERTS^
' Supported by WHITE •VHITTLESSY.
ROMEO s&
..AND.. MATINEE
JULIET! ™ AT -
Next Week, by Request— "THE COUNTRY
GIRL."
:¦. - SEATS NOW READY.
FT^fHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
DEETS AND DON; MAE TUNISON; JEAN-
ETTE LEWIS. Comedltnne; AGNES FRIED.
Soprano: LITTLE ALMA WUTHRICH.
Binger and Dancer: Reappearance r-t MR.
EDWARD E.ADAMS; and New Moving Pic-
tures. Matinee Sunday. Reserved Sea's. 23c.
Weekly, Call,$i.00 per Year
? AMUSEMENTS.
JO-JAY AT 2:15 P. M.
AND TO-NIGHT. LAST TIMES OF
"BY THE SAD SEA WAVES"
Commenrlns: TO-MORROW (Sunday) Xisht.
FAREWELL WEEK OF DUNNE A UYLE5T.S
ALL-STAR CAST. 1'resentln.j
MATHEWS & BULGER in Their Latest Farci-
"THE NIGHf OfTSe FOURTH"
SPECIAL— Farewell Performance 8unday
Night. August 12th. "RCSH CITY."
Next Sunday Afternoon and Every Evening
During the Week. Commencing Monday, Au-
, gust 13th. Excepting Sunday Night. #> Tim
anow.viES in fairyland."
. jv a\t^ \ a _ V -' i
Exhibits Carried ..frxe-
Excursion Rates forvisltors.
Y/rite for Particulars to
CHUTES^nd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CANNON, THlF FAT MAN.
LA LISTA, Fire Dancer.
SPECIAL "TO-NIGHT !
SAPHO AND MONSTER
CAKEWALK.
:*r
COMMENCING SCNDAT,
FORREST SEABURY
In His Sensational lCQ-foot Dive.
Order Seats by 'Phone— Park 23.
BASEBALL!
Stockton
vs.
San Francisco
TO'DA Y AT 3 F*. M.
SUN DA Y AT 2:3O P. M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
StiTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHT3.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c CHILDREN. 5c.
: Eathln?. Including admission 25c. Children 20c.
««^l5*^^^&a3! £* mK! 7 tot Uonorrh«a7
*^SSrcCUES^tHB| fleet. Spsrmstorrhce^
*5Sy ialto»J»TS.^|i "hires, unnatural lij.
mfSUr OciraaMod H charge*, or »ny Infirm*.
flfclf eci u> •tri«tu». tion,, irritation or uu>rv
Rb-j?nmu omufion. tion "'. bicooi ni^m>
ifgSVHtSmS ChSMIChCo. *>r»ne«. Nco-««rin«enS.
\g3aC!MClH«T1.0.E§3! «*><! 07 «Hro«!riafci,
XMSBa^ '^Sr% by express, prepaid foi
>^HPr»^ ¦ Clicauu mm w* — i--^
'£ , www AJVERTISEJEEKTS.
"Lueke is selling out!" i
¥ | J |
I . EJt iL^ b^ s3 \
today!
With the opening of the store this morning ||
begins what must prove the most remarkable shoe |j
sale ever held in this city. A
Remember, Lucke's is a high-class stock— mostly fj]
Johnson & Murphy's, Laird, Schober & Co.'s, j|
Banister's and other fine makes— usually selling bn
trom $5 to $7.50. Just think of these shoes for E
I $1 to $2.85 a pair! fc
The prices advertised yesterday would be re- jk
markable enough, on medium-grade shoes, but j|
when placed upon these goods they are simply — §
well, astounding! pjj
The stock can't last Igng at these pricey. Come |
! > while it is unbroken. Don't miss the chance of a gt
lifetime. " f|
• • $
Lucke's
832 Market Street. IA communication" was received by the
Board of Health yesterday from : O. A. A;
Moldol of. 676 Burllnsr street, Chicapo. in
¦which he asks for Information regarding
his son,' Russell ;Moldal, who was last
heard of ¦, In . this city in 1893. • The : father
says* his son is 28 years old. six feet tall,
blue* eyes and full nose and lips. -He is
religiously inclined . and > has worked ? In
photograph eallerles. . / ¦ . i.
Looking' for a Lost Son.
Jamos Gilbert, aped 28 years, fell from
an electric car at- Sixteenth and Mission
Btreets yesterday afternoon.- "When picked
up by Police Officer Thomas FInnely he
was suffering from a lacerated^ wound of
his head. The injured man was taken to
the City and County Hospital, where Dr.
Sussdorff attended him.- The opinion' was
entertained by the hospital authorities
that possibly^a. fracture of : the skull; was
sustained, as the BUfferer showed' symp
toms of such Injuries. * ; . , ¦f i
Injured by an Electric Car.
They _>esire to Vote for
President.
The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday began the appointment- of '606
precinct registration : officers to serve on
September 8, 15 and 22. The appointments
will be equally divided between the Re
publican and Democratic party. Re
publicans were appointed in the Twenty
eighth, Twenty-ninth . and Thirtieth As
sembly districts and the Democrats in the
Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth. Further ap
pointments will be made on Monday even
ing, August 6. - * . t _"- ¦;" .".'.;'-.¦
Registration has picked up in the last
two days, but it is far from sufficient to
bring the figures up to those of . the last
Presidential election. There remain over
40,000 names to be registered, and unless
citizens are prompt many of them will
lose their votes. The office is open in'the
City Hall from 8:30 a. m. to 10 p. m. daily.
Aliens have until "Wednesday. August 8. to
complete their naturalization If they de\
sire to vote on November 6. .Judges Law
lor and Dalngerfield are ¦ holding, court
every evening for purposes of naturaliza
tion.. ¦¦- -/ . -¦ . ., - - . --
PRECINCT REGISTRATION
OFFICERS APPOINTED
Citizens Must Register Promptly if
Esteem.
A farewell dinner was tendered to Frank
L. Brown at 1 the Cosmos Club last even
ing by close business friends and associ
ates In the hardware and metal trade In
this city. • Mr. Brown will leave to-day
for Chicago to become the general sales
agent of the Shelby Steel Tube Company.
He has been, prominently Identified wltti
Pacific CoasP business Interests for some
years. Formerly he was engaged In busi
ness in Portland, Or. About seven years
ago he came to San Francisco and took
charge of the business of the Moen-Wash
burn Company. When that concern was
merged Into the American Steel and Wire
Company he became the Pacific Coast
sales agent of the new company..- 1, -
At the banquet last evening Brace Hay
den of the Dunham, Carrlgan & Hayden
Company presided. A. C. Rulofson of Ba
ker & Hamilton acted as toastmaster.
Toasts were responded to by A.: A. Wat
kins, president of the San Francisco Board
of Trade; F. W.Kerr. former president Of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation; Eugene Goodwin.' manager of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion.- and Attorney Frederick W. Hall. A
silver punchbowl and ladle were present
ed to. Mr. Brown by his friends In the
hardware and metal ¦> trade. ; ,
Yesterday afternoon the employes of.th«*
Pacific works of the American Steel and
Wire -Company assembled at the North
Beach factory.and presented; Mr. Brown
with a pleasing. token. His departure from
the coast is much regretted.
Present Him 'With Silver Punchbowl
and Ladle a§. Tokens of
MERCHANTS SAYS ADIEU. .
TO FRANK L BROWN
Town Talk, the brightest of the week
lies, has an exceptionally entertaining
number this week. In addition to Its us
ual supply of exclusive club, social and
political gossip and crisp comment, the
paper presents this week the autobiog
raphy of the distinguished literary ge
nius, Charles Warren Stoddard. written
for Town Talk. The Saunterer tells an in
teresting story about a "Dutch treat,"
given by a society belle in San Rafael.*
and also exposes the gross negligence of
the university -regents In several para
graphs relating to their failure to secure
the Sutro library for the public
Town Talk Is Sprightly.
Tn addition to the facts contained in
the above others of interest are set forth
In the report. It Is . stated that during
the year 3517 marriage licenses were Is
sued, 1528 aliens were naturalized and U83
aliens declared their Intention to become
citizens. One hundred and thirty, certifi
cates to practice medicine were issued and
fifty-one dentists were- vested with au
thority to practice their profession. The
document itself is a work of art from the
title page to the conclusion, being appro
priately illustrated by the -penman who
completed the work.
Several Interesting facts regarding the
conduct of the office of. the County Clerk
are contained in the following report filed
by County Clerk Deane with Mayor Phe
lan on Thursday. That most interesting
to the taxpayers Is the fact that during
the fiscal year Just completed a saving of ;
$39,864 C5 over the preceding year was ef
fected:
SAN* FRANCISCO. July 31, 1900.
To the Honorable J. D. Phelan. Mayor of the
City and County of San Francisco— Dear Sir:
In accordance with section 9 of article XVI of
the charter, and in cumpliance with Resolution
No. 470 of the Board of Supervisors, dated June
11, 1900, I respectfully submit my annual re
port for the fiscal year ending June 80, R00, as
follows, to wit: . •
In presenting this report it is with pleasure
that I call the attention of your Honor to the
great decrease in the expenditures of this office
lor the fiscal year, which said decrease
amounts to the sum of $43,404 30. This (treat
paving has been effected by carefully watching
the stationery and supplies and owderlng only
so much thereof as was actually necessary, and
als-o in the amount allowed and paid for sal
aries of deputies and copyists, which last Item
ehows that the sum of $76,436 74 was paid out
as agnlnst the sum of $119,541 15 for the pre
ceding fiscal year. 'While the receipts of the
office have not been as great as the preceding
yfar, FtiU thts is due to the fact that all in
solvency matters in this city and county have
been transferred to the United States courts
under the bankruptcy act, and also to the fact
that this office la no longer allowed to collect
the inheritance tax.
At the present time I have but forty-nine men
employed in the office, as' arainst sixty last
year. 6tlll the work is almost up to date and of
a high decree of excellence, which speaks much
for the competency and efficiency of the depu
ties clerks and copyists. Although the re
ceipts of the office for the fiscal year Just end
ed only amounted to the sum of J68.10S 75, as
against the Bum of $74,248 40 for the preceding
year, still as the disbursements of the office for
this year only amounted to the sum of SS4.933 79.
as against the sum of $130,340 09 for the preced
ing year a net saving has been made to the
taxpayers of this city and county of $39,S64 65
for the year,
In conclusion I would state that the County
Clerk's office should be made self-sustaining
and could be easily made so by a. Judicious re
vision of the fee bill by the next Legislature,'
and to this end I wlll.be only" too pleased to
devote my best efforts. Respectfully.
WILLIAM A. DEANE, County Clerk.
Effected During the Last Fis
cal Year.-
It Shows That a Great Saving Was
COUNTY CLERK DEANE
FILES ANNUAL REPORT
Inspector Tupper Will Soon File His
Annual Report With Board of
Public Works.
Light and Water Inspector O. M. Tupper
is preparing his annual report which he
will file with the Board of Public Works
In a few days. The report shows th:* the
amount of gas consumed in and the cost
of lighting the public buildings during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1900. was 17,187,
&00 cubic feet, costing $23,303 71. The
amount of electricity consumed In light-
Ing the public buildings was 155,000,000
watts, at a cost of $12,120 01; total, 525,
223 72. The comparative cost of lighting
public buildings is as follows: 1S36-97, $44,
1*43 33; 1S3T-98.' $43,126 18; 1S9S-S9, $41,901 23;
1S99-1M0, V55.323 71
In the lighting cf public streets 4520 gas
lamps and 7S6 arc tamps were used. It
cost $201,395 14 for gas and electricity for
299 nights. The average illuminating
power of the gas was 1S.C candles.
The amount paid for water in public
buildings for the year was $17,840 54: parks,
S3SJ8 S&; hydrants, $209,582 10; total. $231,
321 02.
FIGURES FURNISHED
ON GAS AND WATER
Report on Teachers' Annuities.
The report of the Commissioners of the
Public School Teachers' Annuity and Re
tirement Fund was filed with the Board
of Supervisors yesterday. The report
shows that the receipts to the fund were
$12,&j3 93, and the disbursements for one
year were $12,229 90. With other Incomes
the balance on hand in the Annuity
Fund is $3212 94. The amount to the credit
of the permanent fund Is $9467 53. The
number of teachers contributing $1 per
month was S04 and 50 cents per month CG.
There are twenty-four annuitants on the
roll receiving an aggregate of $109S 66 per
month.
Mrs. A. W. Flint to Resign. /•
Mrs. A. W. Flint made known her Inten
tion to resign as register of the Central
Council of the Associated Charities at
yesterday's session of that body. The an
nouncement was a surprise. Mrs. Flint
has been the executive head of the Cen
tral Council six years and has been ac
tively connected in an official capacity
with the administration of the Associated
Charities from the date of organization,
ten vears ago. The reason assigned was
poor health. A committee was appointed
to draft suitable resolutions.
World to End This Year.
This is the recent decision of one of the
prominent societies of the world, but the ex
act day has not yet been fixed upon, and
while 'there are very few people who believe
this prediction, there are thousands of others
•who not only believe, but know that Hoatet
ter's Stomach Bitters Is the beet medicine to
cure dyspepsia. Indigestion, constipation, bil
iousness or liver and kidney troubles. A fair
trial will certainly convince you of its value.
NEW BIDS INVITED FOR
CITY HALL ELEVATOR
Board of Public Works Discovers
That the Contract Was Awarded
Illegally.
The Board of Public 'Works yesterday
rescinded the award of the contract to"
W. S. Ho'man to build the new electric
elevator In the City Hall. Holman had
failed to accompany bfa* bid ¦with ar cer
tified check, which is a violation of the
charter. Holman's bid was $5000. and a
protest was filed by the Otis Elevator
Company, which claimed that Holman was
not the lowest bid-ier. New bids will now
l>e invited for the building of the elevator.
City Engineer Qrunsky Informed the
board that he had sent communications to
pas companion in the United States. Can
uda and Kuro;>e requesting information as
to the cost of street lighting, -with special
reference to the tendency toward fudpM
tutln? incandescent gas lighting: in place
of other systems.
The City Street Improvement Company
was awarded the contract for grading
Sixth Ftrec-t and the work will be com
menced immediately.
The following appointments for a period
to and including the Slst day of August.
IJKKi. are announced:
DivlFlon of f*— >et and lot surveys— EmeM X
WillberK, assistant, at $6 per day; H. H. Hol
l!<Jp«. assistant, 1150 r«T month; William A.
Smith, second -class a*M«ant, $125 per month;
John HaiFt. \V. H. "VVarnfcke. W. R. Holcomb!
helper*, at *3 per day; miss D. lUckey. third
class assistant. $1"O per month.
Division of public utilities— Luther
e?Mi?taM In charge of field work, at t3<X) per
month; Norman B. LJvermore. field assistant.
Sl"»0 r«*r month; T. R. Price, field assistant, tlid
I>er month.
Bernardina Espel's Will.
The will of the late Bernardlna Espel.
trho died July 27, leaving an estate valued
at f^>. f f>'>. was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent bc-qmaths his entire estate to
his children. William, Henry. Louis Gre
por and Frank Esp* 1 and Kate Dasmann
<Jregor Espel ar.d William Dasmann are
named as c-xecutore.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suit* . for divorce were filed yesterday
liy Nellie E. Knowlton against Ralph X.
Xnonrlton for desertion. Sophie M. Blick
against Peter C. Blick for cruelty and
Madeline Elkins Clarke against Vernon C.
Clarke for cruelty.
"I have been practicing law in this
city," said Moser later, "for the past
fourteen years. My wife died about eigh
teen months ago and I have not practiced
much since. 1 resided In Alma, Buffalo
County, Wis.. and after my two years'
term in the Legislature I practiced law
there till 1 came to this city."
ONCE A JUDGE, NOW THE JTJDGEI
the following note from his landlady, Mrs.
Ruedy, 110 Ninth street: "Your room rent
must be paid by 6 o'clock this p. m. If
not the doors will be locked against you
forever, as there will be a man here at
7 o'clock to take the room If you can't
pay. This Is final."
Moser could not pay. so he decided to
walk the streets all night. He had about
nine glasses- of beer and about 5 o clock
in the morning he thought he would call
upon Wilson and see If he could help him.
He tried the door of 067 and as it was
unlocked he walked upstairs and looked
for a bell rope to ring for the landladv
to get Wilson's room. There was no bell
rope and he was walking along the hall
way to the rear when a man came out of
a bedroom and grabbed him by the
wrists, accusing him of being a burglar.
Then a policeman came and he was ar
rested.
The Judge thought the charge of at
tempt at burglary should be dismissed,
I but suggested that a coinplaint should
be. sworn to charging Moser with disturb
ing the peace. This was done and the
Judge, after hearing the evidence, con
tinued the case till August 17, when Moser
will bring forward witnesses as to his
character. He was allowed to go on pro
bation till that time.
/sgONRAD MOSER, an attorney with
[( headquarters in ex-Judge Colton's
\^J> office In the Parwatt building, ap-
peared in Judge Mogan's court yes
terday morning to answer to a charge of
attempted burglary. He was arrested
shortly after 5 a. m. at the residence of
A. Bernard. 96TB Howard street, by Po
liceman Mitchell. Interest was added to
the proceedings when Moser testified that
he was for four years Judge of the Cir
cuit Court for the Eighth District of Wis
consin, from 1S63 to 1S69; that he was af
terward Judge of the Probate Court and
later member of the Wisconsin legisla
ture.
Bernard's testimony was that he was
awakened from his sleep by the noise
made by pome one walking in the hallway
oulside his bedroom door. He jumped
out of bed and discovered the defendant.
He grabbed hold of him and yelled for
his son to come to his assistance. He
then sent his son for an officer and Po
liceman Mitchell appeared. The son, A.
Bernard Jr., corroborated his father and
said he was the last one of the family
to enter the house Thursday night — and (
that he locked the front door.
Moser testified that a few days ago
he met a Mr. Wilson, who was interest
ed In oil lands, at the Palace Hotel. Wil
son pave him his address, which was
either ?65. W7 or 9€9 Howard street, and
asked him to call and pee him, telling
him at the same time that he was an ear
ly riser. ' Moser had on Thursday received
Committee Recommends the
Withdrawal of All
Objections.
— • t
Market-Street Company Did Not For
feit Its Franchise, as Notice of
Beconstruction Was Given
in Time.
.
The Supervi5ors' Street Committee de
cided yesterday to recommend the re
scinding of the resolution recently passed
by the board directing the Market-street
Hallway Company not to begin work on
the Firrt-rtreet electric road. The com
jiany had served notice that it would
Ftart operations to-day, but the commit
tee insisted on being furnished with pr^of
that the franchise of the North Beach
and Mission road had not been abandon
ed owing to failure to operate cars for
six month? past.
City Engineer Crunsky demonstrated to
the satisfaction of the committee that the
corporation did in pood faith proceed to
use its franchise on First street within
Fix months after the new charter became
effective by submitting plans to the Board
of Public Wortcs on or about May 23 last
and had also distributed material along
First street for the reconstruction of its
tracks, thereon.
J. T. Hurke. tepresenting the company.
Ftat^d that it- was intended to change
the jiresent system to electricity from
the intersection of Battery and California
streets, thence across Market and along
I r irf=t to Kolsom street, givir.g direct con
nection with the Mail Dock, which at
present cannot he reached by ear. Burke
contended that the franchise already
Framed gives the right to string wires
on First street, the Board of Public
Works to supervise the same after due
notice has been given.
Mr. Grunsky said the compar.y had sub
mitted a number of routes to the Board
of PuMic Works, asking that the most
desirable be depipnoted. The matter was
discussed in the Mayors office and it was
agreed that the road should cross Bush
street to First to clear the Donahue
fountain. IJurke shid the delay was
onusc-d by the riipoussion as to the best
location of the tracks. Supervisor Dwyer
thought that after the statement of Kn
pineer Orunsky the company should be
permitted to go ahead with the work un
der the supervision of the Board of Pub
lic Works and it was »o ordered. The
character of the pavement on the street
will also be specified by the board.
MAY CONSTRUCT
FIRST-STREET
ELECTRIC LINE
Horace Mann School, $150; Franklin School,
$176; Hamilton School, $176; Denman School.
1176; Irving Scott School, J176; Hancock School.
8176; Hearst School, *17t; total, $1206.
Auditor Wells has devised a new plan
whereby the teachers and janitors will be
protected in the matter of receiving their
salaries. He has determined to set aside
the sum of $975,514 out of the total appro
priation of $1,100,000. for schools for teach
ers' salaries during the present fiscal
year. This sum Is based on the amount
expended during the last year for paying
teachers, as provided by the act of the
last Legislature. He finds that the char
ter provision appropriating $28 per pupil
Is Insufficient, and he will fall back on the
teachers' act of 1S98. The balance of $1S4,
486 he will divide into twelve parts, and
out of this the board will pay the janitors
salaries, supplies, rents and other ex
penses. This course is prompted by the
fact that the July! demands for janitors*
salaries exceeded one-twelfth of the $50,
000 set aside by the Supervisors. The
Auditor holds that the Supervisors have
no authority to segregate the school fund.
If they did some of the janitors would
not receive their July salaries until next
month. The Auditor's plans will. secure
the payment of all salaries, and after
Chairman Mark has certified that all the
teachers have been paid out of the money
set aside for them the janitors' demands
will be paid.
Girls' High School, $556 80; Horace . Mann
School. $504 83; Everett School, $475 70; Frank
lin School, $460 OS; Irving Scott School, $90 72;
Redding- School, $195 63; Hancock School,
$428 or.; Polytechnic High School, $32 75; total,
$2744 66. .
The articles were all purchased from
the Dunham, Carrlgan, Hayden Company,
and include chisels, hammers, gauges, bits
and other tools required for manual
training. — ¦
The articles for the cooking centers
were purchased from Holbrook, Merrill
& Stetson, and • comprise gas stoves,
ranges, dishes, glassware, spoons, knives,
etc. : The bills are segregated as follows:
.The innovations, of manual training and
cooking in the department are . going to
cost the city considerable money, though
It is expected that the results will war
rant the outlay. The tools for manual
training in eight schools will cost $2744 56.
The teaching" of cooking. will not come so
high, the necessary ranges, stoves, etc.,
for seven schools costing but $1206.
Following are the amounts expended
for the installation of manual training
plants in the department:
In its anxiety to establish manual train
ing and cooking plants in the School De
partment the Board of Education has
violated a specific provision of the charter
In failing to invite proposals for the neces
sary supplies required for the Innovations.
Auditor Wells received the bills for the
various articles from the board, yesterday
and^whlle he expresses his intention to
audit the demands he will send a com
munication to the board to-day with a
notification that in the future the con
tracts must be awarded to the lowest bid
der. While" the Auditor is satisfied that
the two firms who furnished the supplies
are perfectly reliable and , considers the
prices charged are fair, he insists thajt
the Board of Education must not exempt
itself from obeying the charter, which re
quires that supplies shall be purchased
only after bids have. been Invited.
> Protect Salaries of Teach
ers and Janitors.
Auditor Will Insist on Compliance
With Charter in Future — Will
Large Expenditures Incurred
for Cooking and Manual
Training Plant
SCHOOL BOARD
NEGLECTED TO
INVITE BIDS
The Board of Education practically, de
cided yesterday to accept the enrollment
order issued by Superintendent of Schools
Webster, In which he fixes the maximum
limit of attendance in classes at forty
flve pupils. The board had issued a
schedule limiting the; enrollment to
fifty-five, but at a meeting of principals
held in the assembly room yesterday
action on the order on classification was
postponed for two weeks. Chairman
Mark disclaims that the board has
backed down, but admits that Superin
tendent Webster's ideas on the subject
are entirely proper. Chairman Mark said
that at the end of two weeks, after re
ports have been filed by the principals,
Superintendent Webster will be called into
consultation and a compromise rule on
enrollment will be adopted.
As Superintendent Webster expresses
his intention to stand by his* order, it is
almost certain that the board will sub
mit gracefully and the controversy will
be amicably settled. Director Denman
is the only one who still claims that Su
perintendent Webster has no authority
In the premises, but he may relent at the
last moment. The effect of Superintend
ent Webster's enrollment proposition will
be to provide places for pome twenty
teachers who have been consolidated out.
and there 1 is general rejoicing % among
teachers eligible for the positions.
The Board of Education decided to give
the principals an opportunity to suggest
a plan of classification of pupils in their
respective schools.' At the meeting yes
terday afternoon they were requested
to send In a report to the board within
two weeks outlining the best classification
possible.
"If you find that you can make a. con
solidation, do so at once," said Presi
dent Mark; "but if you cannot, explain
the reasons why In your report and the
board will try to help you. The board
and Superintendent Webster will certain
ly reach an amicable understanding, and
the original schedule will be readjusted
to suit all concerned. Naturally many
features of this readjustment will depend
upon the reports ol the principals.
The meeting was largely attended. Sev
eral took advantage of the open discus
sion, but they said nothing that indicated
ill feeling toward ) the new scheme.
President Mark presided, and after a few
introductory words Director Mary \V\
KIncaid took up the classification ques
tion. She favored large classes, both from
an educational and economic standpoint.
The interruption caused- by putting in
new pupils after the schoolwork has be
gun is oftentimes disastrous, not only to
the old scholars but to the incoming ones
as well. The enrollment in a schoolroom
Is always larger at the beginning of a
term than at the end. As an illustration
the Director stated that in the Franklin
School there were C42 pupils enrolled at
the beginning of the year in 1S91>. while
ill June of 1900 the attendance had dwin
dled to G21. In view of these conditions
she considered it well to have as large
an enrollment as possible to begin with
and have as few changes as possible dur
ing the year, thereby obviating constant
unrest on the part of the scholars.
Director James Denman explained that
the board had devised the .classification
scheme largely for the sake of economy.
"We have been allowed JS1.000 less to run
the School Department this year than
was given us last year. We realize that
many of the outside school buildings are',
a disgrace to the city. They need re
pairs and .other improvements. We are
going to try to make these Improve
ments, as far as the limited funds at our
disposal will allow. If repairs are not
made it will be because we haven't >¦ the
means. In regard to the classification
scheme, I will say that the Board of Edu
cation has but one interest at heart, and
that is to promote the best interests of
the schools with the money at its com
mand. I was surprised recently when I
learned that- one of our prominent coal
dealers had not sent in his bid for sup
plying the department with coal. I asked
him why he had neglected to offer a bid,
and he replied that he already had bills
against the city aggregating a large
amount, and he wanted to collect some of
it before he did any more trusting.
"The School Department .intends to pay
Its bills and to that end we intend to
economize. Consolidation is absolutely
necessary, and in this move we desire the
co-operation of the teachers. We are try
ing to arrange the department so you will
not lose two or three months' salary at
the end of the year. Our • current ex
penses are over $90,000 a month. The ap
.propriatlon allows us $96,000 for every
thing, including repairs, so you see $6000
a month over and above current expenses
will not go very far." -
The Director then referred to those
teachers who want select classes. He did
not believe In selected classes, maintain
ing that better results could be obtained
by a mixture of. the brilliant and the less
brilliant. The practice of some of the
principals In shortening the noon hour on
rainy days and letting the pupils out a
half hour or an hour earlier In the after
noon was declared undesirable by the
Director, and he advised that the rule
for a regular one-hour recess at noon be
strictly complied with. .
It was announced that there would be
a meeting of the teachers of the seventh
and eighth grades at the Mission Hrgn
School next Monday afternoon to meet
Superintendent C. E. Works relative to
the new manual training sytem that is
to be inaugurated. The city is to be di
vided Into seven districts and every pupil
in the seventh and eighth grades wlll_be
required to take the manual course. Mr.
Works comes from tjie Teachers College
in New York and he Is to have five assist
ants. • «
At a Meeting of Principals Classifica
tion Is Ordered Postponed for Two
Weeks by Chairman
Mark.
Superintendent Webster's
Order on Enrollment
Accepted.
SCHOOL BOARD
RECEDES FROM
ITS POSITION
FORMER JUDGE CHARGED
WITH BEING A BURGLAR
Conrad Moser, Formerly of Wisconsin,
Caught in the House of
. A. Bernard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST ' 4, 1900.
8
DIRECTORY
, OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists fallal
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH, lawyer. B03 Cal., Clunie Bg.
~~~ COAL COKB AND P1Q ]ROX
Jr H'll €I1W * Cfi W 0 Battery Street.
. W- nlLiUfi Ot LU-, Telephone Main 1S«4.
COPPERSMITH.
r W CM1TH EhlP Plumbing, Steamboat and
L- «- OiTlllll. Ehip Work a specialty. 16 and
18 Washingrton st. .. Telephone Main 5641.
ELECTRICAL,.
D. D. WASS, - VI, -
Electrical Encrineer, 38 East St.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I*** IMiVFS £ TO Shlpplnsr Butchers. 104
JA3- Dill CJ tt tV' day. Tel. Main 1234.
GAL'VANIZINO AND METALS.
Mfe. A Dealer in Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL. WORKS. 315 Howard St. .
' " HARNESS DRESSING.
"PALO "ALTO." Best leather preserver on
earth. 25c. * Robinson Chem. Co.. 1169 Howard.
' LITHOGRAPHINO.
Union Lithograph Co., 823 Sansome st.. Artistic
Lithographers and Printers. Government Li-
censee for Imprinting of Revenue Starves.
METAL.
Extra linotype . and stereotype ' metal. • Pacific
Metal Works, 137-9 First st.. San Francisco.
OILS.
L.UBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD & EI^-
L1S. 418 Front St.. S. F. Fhone Main 1719.
PAINTS. V
Cylinder Oils.' Schneider's Mining
CandlesTc. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 FTont. S. F.
. \ *, .PKi>>ri^ j.
f.C HUGHES. ; .us^oSe^s.F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.,' : ;
•23 First st, San Francisco.
STATIONER ANO PR1NTHV,
Tel c^'° PARTRIDGE
WfliTE ASK STEAM COAL ;-^ E _L§J
DIAMOND COAL, MINING CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal in the
market. ¦ Office and . lards— 450 ¦ Main s t »ee t.
-tAH_tOAD^^ T-tAVEI-
, MMTIIKKK IV«( U|C <O1H'*1I.
(FACtrtO STUTBM.)
Trmlna !•»«« -¦>•« <«r«> •*¦•« l» nrrlt* mt *
wax rii«NCi.«<:o.
(Main Line. Foot ot Market Sired)
UtY. — FROU JCLT 15. 13C0. — ABKITI
•TtOOA Eervlcia. Si.Isun. Elmir*. V»c»»lll».
Ramsey »nil Sacrsraento.......... m 7il^r
•7:OOa Shaau Exprfis— D»t1s. WUIlaa laVfor
Bartlett Springs), Willows. R«i
Blu2. Portiand. •<*t43p
•T::io» MwUuez.SanRsiDon.Valleio.Sapa.
Csliitoga aud Banta Rosa *Sil3r
•SiOOa DarU, Woodlaad, KnlghU Laodlag.
Mariifllle, Oro«Ule. *7i-ISp
•«.OO» Atlantic Ki press— OgJon and Eaat *11iI3*
¦StSUA Han Joae. l.ltermote. Htoektoii.
lone, Haeramento. PWcrtfUlo,
M»rjiilll-. Cblco. Ue.l Illnff *4>l3p
•8:30* Oakilalr. Chinese (for TotemlteX
Honor*. Carters. ~Mil.tr
•B:OOa Haj-ards. Nil<-i and War Stations. *1 1 H.1 a
•»!«u* L,m Angeles Eiprew — M artlues.
Tracy. LatUrop, Htoekton. Merced
and Freano m •«i4.1p
•O:SO% Tallrjo. Martlnex and War Stations *»i43p
•IOiOO* The Overland Llmited-Osden. Den-
»er. Omaha. Chicago •3iI3f
•IIiOOa Nllta. LUermore. Utcwkton, H«cr»-
mento, Meodot*. Uanford, TlsaUa.
forterfille M«l3p
•I9:OOm Haywardi. Nilet and Way Stations. *9:4.1p
tlXt»r H»crara«Dto Kher Steamer* f.VOO*
•3:onp Maywurd*. Mllrs and Way Stations. •Si-ISp
•l:iuir MorklnM. Man lUmon, Vallejo.
N»p*. C»il.5.>ii», H*ula llosa "Oil »»
•li««r Benicla. Winters. Hacramenlo,
Womlla.iJ. KnithtS Landlni.
MurysTllle. Oro»IU« M«:«34
•4«SOp Nlles. San Joae and Stockton *7iI3p
•3-.OOrTh« Owl Umlted— Tracy. Fre«no.
Bakanfleld. 8anfus for Saata Bar-
bara, Los Angelea *8iI3a
•3:0Op7resoo Passenger— Martines. Lath-
rop. 8 tod ton. Merced. Berend-
(Uaymond for ToaemiU)). treano.. »l»il3p
*3i3Op New Oileane ftxpress— KakendeUI.
.Santa Burbara. Los An jales. Dem.
Inc. El P*co, New Oneaus aud
Kast Mi«3a
¦HiOwp Havward*. Nile* aod Han Jose # 7. tn »
? «:O»p Vallejo »iail3p
•«:O»r Oriental Mall— Ogdsn. Cheyenas,
Omaha. Chicago •H»f3\
••:OOp Oriental Mail-Ogdeii, Denrer,
Omaha. Chlcio. HilSp
J7:00p Vallejo, Port Ooita and Way Bta-
tious. J»:33p
*SiO3r Orniion and Callfnrnl* Ri|>r<wa.Haa-
rnriifnti., Maryavillo. Ite<l<nnf.
r.ntlm.-). Pmft Mo.iml ami Kast * a »l1t
COAST DIVISION (Narron Itasnl
(foot ot Market Street.) ¦
JT:-»5a Hanta Craz Excursion for .Sant*
Cms and Principal Way Stations 1 1:03 r
*Stl>iAMenark.C'nnti>Mllle,8.u.)ose,F«lto» >
Boulil «r Oeok . Han ta Orni and Way
Station* •6:2»P
(3il.tr Newark, Cent«r*IIIe. Ban Jose, New
Almsden. Falton. Konlder Creek.
Santa Craz and Principal Way
Station* »IOi.1it»
•l:1.1r Newark. H«n Jos*. I.ca Gatos t«i.iH 1
O4:l3f GlenwcxxL Felton. Santa Cna ««i3»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroasSi:* fimCISCO— f»«t *f M*rkit Slrnt(S:u J)—
•M» 9:00 11:00*. M. 11:03 'ICJ 13:C3
•403 15:33 •t:CZr.*.
rrtaOHUI*— r$ti»!3t,,iw. r .— ««;00 8:00 10:00a.m.
t!3:C3 *l:03 t2:80 «3:03 1«:S3 «J:S3r.M.
COAST nm.SIO.f (BroaildanKe).
(ThlrJ »nd Towngeml St».) "'
IHiIOa Ocean Via-. Botitb San Francisco.. 1«a:t»p
t~:OVA San Joae mi. I U"...y 8ti>ti»iia (New
AlmaUen >\>.I.ie«d»is only) .¦ *li3»r-
{7:SOa Sunday Kxciirsion f-.r San Jose,
Santa Crsz, Padflo GroTe and
Principal Way Stations tStSSp
*0iOOa Halt Jnae. Tres I'iinx, Hanta Cms.
Pacltto <ir.n». Paso ltobles. 8an
T.uis Ol>l»m>, Hnrf, Lompoc and
Principal Way St»li,»ii« MtlOp
•ISiiei Ban Joss and Way Stations * a i3-Vt
MltSOi HanJoae.LosGatosaadWayHUtlons *3aup
fiil.irSsn Matro, Redwood. Menio Park.
Palo Alto, tjanta Clara. San Joae,
Trea Plnoa. Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Montmejaod FaeISc GroTe fl«iS«a,
tSiawpSaa Jose and Way Stations *7:3nr-
t1:l3rSanJoie and Principal Way Stations *I):43a
f.1:«»0p San Joss. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 4»:O«*
¦5:^Of Pan Jose and Principal Way Stations t*i33 a
•ns^OpSan Joaa and Way Stations »*:«•»
tlli45r San Joae aud Way Statlona ?7:3l»r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Da:ly- t Hnuday exeepted. I Sunday only
¦'" ¦¦-.• -- b Satnrday only.
a Saturday and Sunday, e Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA N0RTHWESTER5 RT. Cd
LESSSU
SAH FRANCISGQ -AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market SK
SAH FRANCISCO TO SAN RAJTAICI.
VTEEK DATS- 7:30. >:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra, trip
' at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 d. m.
BUN DA Y 3-8:00. 9:S0. 11:00 a. m.: l:J0. S:30.
»:00. 8:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
VTKEK DAYS— «:10. 7:E0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Swturday*- Extra trips at
1:G5 and 6:3j d. m.
BL'NDATS-8:10. »:40. U:10 a. m.: 1:48. S:40.
6:C5. «:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as abova.
Leave J In Effect. I Arrive
Ean Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900.1 San Pranclsca
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Wwk
Days. I days. | Destination.] days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:06 pmllO:25 am
6:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:15 pm' 6:20 pra
Fulton.
1:30 am * Windsor. 10:25 mm
Healdsburs;-
Lytton.
Geysernile.
1:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdala. T:33 pm *:3? pm
5:30 ami j Hopland j 110:25 am
1:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ulclah. I 7:35 pm| «:20 pm
7:30 am 10:38 am
8:00 am Gturneville. 7:33 pm
1:80 pm «:?0pm
T:S0am 9:00 am Sonoma. I 9:15 am) 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm t:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 8:05 pmf «:i0 pra
7:30 amt 8:00 ami , |W:J2 * n »IW : 5 »ni
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebartopol. I 7:88 pm| 6:30 pra
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«it
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at -Lytton fcr Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for 6ka«s Pprlnss: at Clov-rdal»
for the Geysers: at HoDland for Duncan
Springs. Hl«hland Sprtnjrs. KelseTnrllle. Carls>
bad -Sprlnscs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ulctah for Vichy Springs, Sarato<ta
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Spring*. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. LJerley's. Backnell'9.
Sanhedrtn Heights. .HulWUl*. Ott's Hot
Springs. Mendoelno City. Fort Brazr. West-
port Ueal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Sprint's, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. 8cotU
and Eureka. • ¥ . -
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Srmd.ny round trip tickets to at! points
berond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlew, 830 Market it.. Chronic!* b!3_,
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Mana«er. G«n. Pass. Agent.
SANTA FE ROUTE TRAINS. -
.> FOOT OF MARKET STRE7TT.
? 3 o » DESTINATION. "5 3 %
li .B r ' 1. [Is
8:0O p 9:0O a L.r San Francisco Ar «:00 p 8OTa.
11:05 p 13:30 p Ar Stockton Lv 230 p 4 : 4Oa
l:lSa 2:42 p " Merced •< i; 2S „ t-«» a
3:03 a 4:35 P " T f«sno " loi30 S lima
7:06 a 5:4S p Hanford •• 8-3i a 735 d
4:50 a «:1S P " Vlsalla •• s-k a 11 "4 p
5:10 a 6:40 p " Tulare *• 8-15 a ltOS r>
7:30 a 8:55 p " BakeraHeld •• «;0O a 9 00 p
5:15p '• Kansas City " 1050a
7:40 a § Chicago " W;00 p
Stock- Stock-
ton , • ton
Daily. • - , Dally.
- 4:10 p Lv San Francisco Ar!ll:05 a
7:15 p|Ar Stockton Lvj 8:00 a
WeeklFCaii. $1 per Year
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED. AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAINV by our late
scientific method applied to the gums. Xo
sleep-producinfc agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, filkand apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten yeats.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set or
teeth |5: a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns, $5. Gold fillings. Jl. Silver fill-
inRS. 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from' 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you win find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
pea piates !jflfeu
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. OR.
BRANCH -....SEATTLE. "WASH.
_m5C__*^^!*^_w f I (_WI x _£LhCSvv_^B !
5_*_^sK_*j?____ _x f \ ___p9355P%-_%1
!8-Wpl3l-_--{-ll^---Pfl-_vS^fl H*jfr ¦_____P-P__rT^ffT^^THl— _
MANHOOD RESTORED W™SFVt£L
VttaJizer. the- prescription of a
,-¦1. famous French physician, will
flSrajTSEST'* quickly cure you of all ner-
•ra&^?<3!?fi? vous or "••"tases vt the gen-ra-
. ffh$£r&ttZl tlve or eans. guch as Lost Man-
KfisQ JSy hoed. Insomnia, Pains in%the
' St?T vK3 Hack. Nervous Debility. Plm-
njlJ ,<^B?i pies. K.\hanst inc- Drains. Varl-
*^*\. cocele and Constl nation. It
>>.>«_>•¦• stops all losses by day or
. •'¦ nlcht. Cnnldene cleanses the
liver the kidneys and the urinary organs of il\
impurities. Cupldene strengthens and restores
email weak ©mans. . -
The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors
is because 90 per cent are troubled wlth'Pros-
tatltis. Cupldene the only known remedy to
cure without an operation. S00O testimonials.
A written guarantee given and money re-
turned If 6 boxes do not effect a permanent
cure. $1.00 a box. 6 boxes for $3.00. by mall.
Bend for free circular and testimonials.
Address Pavol Medicine Co.. 40 Ellis st.. San
Francisco, Cal.. Grant Drug Co.. 3S & 40 Third su
Avisi? OR- JORDAN'S great i
tifilSEUHi Of ANATOHY \
T Cf The Larjfest Anatomical Maseuin In the \
A iJaS_»». World. Wfiinerses ct any contracted Q
y <!»e;i3rt cli5»ase p*-i«l««"'r cur«dby thcoUsit Y'
6 K& HS Specialist ca rb»- C<~it EsL 36 years *
A A^^A US. JORDftH-PRI'sfATE OISEASES &
\ P(5*>^B Co3TOlt»Hon fren and stri'-tly prWate \
/? « I<?6? H r ' lrlncnt personally rr by letter'. A S
v jj ff Ti fj fotjitt Cvr* in e»ery case uadert«Jiea. T
A E If llfh Write (or Book. PHILOSOPnYcf _l
" ™ II II? UARH1AOE. MAILED FSE3. (Af
X Jl IT raluabi: book for snrn> • i
7 Oil. .loKDAXttfO.. 1051 MarSpt St..S. F. f
#yw> CHICHE«TER'S ENGLISH
PEKflYROYAL P3LIS
H^-^Tv - _^O''*lnal and Only Geaulnek
P^ / 7 i^?\SAFE. £l*»7"gta_* Lndler. »U Drnrrirt
£'S\ \Nigl. tot CMIOHIisTEK'S KNOLISII
f^ i '>!^'a*CSs\ la Hi:!) and Cold nwtaOIe boxes. m>i
-~?t!»^ with bin. ribbon. Tuke no othrr. ReftiM
n) *iiS n««a— rons Knb»t<t_tl«a» aid Imlta.
I / 1 fZT "• n ~ Bu J of JW" Drngfiji. or wnd 4p. ia
I __' fi ""I"*' P»rtle«lai-. Te.tlmonlols
\W ft* •ad"Rel!erforL_dlem It i'U«t-,by p*.
— X A turn Mull. 10.000 Twilmooiili. SoMbi
. r* »nDni«gl«»fc ChlehestcrChFmle.lCA,
Mentloo tbi< psper. Midlwii (<gure. 1'IUU. Pi
Lftrt HuiftLlH3C4I
Valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BOOTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
¦ Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. 1300.
FROM SAN, FRANCISCO TO MILL VAI_ET
• " AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. »8:30. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
12:«. 'IMS. 3:15, 4:15. »5:15. 6:13. «:«0 j». m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Hafael, on Mondays. V.'ednesdays, Saturday!
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
I SUNDAYS-7:00. •3:00. »3:00. •10:00. 11:00, M-ja
a. m.; 12:*5. n:30. 2:30. 4 »3:43. 5:00. «:00t 7:20
p. m. .
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sua-
4ays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM .SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:33. •fi:3Q. 7:M. 8:i0. •10:13 i i."
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. 'S^, 4:30. S:J0 p. m
. EXTRA TRIPS on Monday). Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *6:43 and 10:20 p. m
SUNDATS-«:l5..»S:00. •9:50. •11:00a. m.- »12-CO
m.; 1:00; 2:15. *3:30. 4^0. *iA». «:43. 7:30^ 1O : M
p. m..
- Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:53. G:45. 8:00, 3:55. 1030 a.
m.; 12:S5, 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m - s
EXTRA TRIP8 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
. SUN DATS— «:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; 13:l_
1:20. '2:30. 3:43. 4:53. 6:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
, - THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Catadero and —ay sta-
tions.
3:13 p. iff. Eaturdaya— Cazadero and —ay sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. in. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stitlons.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCBNIO RAILWAY
Lcnw San Francisco via Sausaltto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.. 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS ....8. 9. 10, 11 a. m.. 1:30, 2 30 p. m.
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. II 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
if"""^ Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
Bnf'ia in 1804 tor the treatment ot Hrlv»te
mi±ri:vS¥ Diseases, Lost Mannnod Debility or
BI__9nsS& (ileeaap^earing on bodynnd mlndand
¦_x95t£«_S slcln Diseases. 'lh# floctorcnreswhf n
k_*i«a_ii3»¥3 """'rsf'il!- Try him. Chusger low
T^aSUH fSS__*"^Jro«sn nrnntrv<1. Callorwrltft
¦ Dr. J, *'. ulBBO>, Box 1937. Saa Fiaadaca
¦ ,-_ ¦ _ j_ /_ '^ '. ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Ibsol^tejecurity.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of y^*^^^
Terr •¦_*_ mnd __ e msrj - — '
"i» Cake m sragazw
SEE InADTrtfcl" 811^ 0^ 11^ SEE
r EC CAKl lKo for dizziness. OWj
,,,„,„„„ Kittle f-h biuousmess. rriTmvn
6ENUINE hiver for torpid uveb. GENUINE
§| p| I LS FOR COMSTIPATIOH.
WPAPPFR H M FOR sallow ski». WRAPPEB
ttKAtTtK ji3a-gi Ifortheccmpl-xiom " K Arr£*
2 5 p^|Pnxtal^rgS_^**v<^ g^ ;^^^
/^P~->,iisrTE3_> oit i-iEUD _?_ft__p_ar_^.*
A Talk With //"^ The lns?de of
Rang Yu Wei // \\ Esotero.
President Chinese // \\ Howthecity of the
Reform Society, by // •«•- . \\ Universal Brolh-r-
James R. Elliott, f4 />-rr4- hood" at Poin<
Special Correspon- I I W |-» \ B j Loma is conducted
dent Sunday Call \\ i'VAl- //
at Singapore. \\ //
The great Chi- \\ // ___________________
nese leader, for \\ yy _
whose hsad the \^v // %'
Empress Dowager >\ yf/
now offers 100,003 X^v^
taeis, talks of hi$ -*^ The TehamB
life and work. ______________________________ _/. M
— : — , Sisters
\ ¦ — !^^. Go to the
¦I; jf^ Park '
-• // Comic, by Warren.
Uncle Sam's ll Vy
Chinese If C* Jl V \\
; Manors |SUllflay §)) ===
The Sailing of the Vy I jl i «*«-*
HancccJc. \v // LOteSt
stf Photographs
• From
Cape Nome.
F»oral /S^ :::^ ' -
trated story of how // \\ Gen. Chaff ee
to arrange table // [^ W \\ »«/u J,
pieces and make Ol ™ h °,, . commands
the drawinjr-room li/1 I 1 _ ' United States
artistically perfect U . Wl*H« • I troops m China.
THE SUNDAY CALL J^X^ SEE THE GREAT
LEADS THEM ALL _-^^ C0MIC SECTION*ALIFORNIA is to have a very wet winter, and the pilots are ready to
¦ H gamble on It. They are divided, however, as to the extent of the pre
\^ cipitation. Captain Freeman thinks there will be about seventeen inches
of moisture, while Captain Frank Murphy is willing to give 2 to 1 that
the downpour will exceed twenty Inches. Captain F. Jordan Is willing 'to
compromise on sixteen inches, while Captain Alec Swanson is confident the
rainfall will be 1S.C«5 inches. Alec has carefully studied the situation and
knows what he is talking about. One thing ia certain, and that is that the
pilots of the port of Ban Francisco are a unit In predicting a wet winter for
California.
The reasons for the prediction of the pilots are these: The "whale birds"
are h«>re away ah^ad of time and their early advent always presages a hard
winter. For years past they have never put In an appearance until about
August 13. and sometimes as late as August 25. -Whenever they fall to ap
poar until the latter date California has always experienced an unusually
dry winter. When they come in early the reverse is the case".
Thi3 year the "whale birds" put in their appearance on July 27, and In
consequence the pilots are willing to Ptake their last cent, that a very wet
winter is to be California's portion during the next season. .;'... -5.
The "whale bird" ia always to be found in attendance upon the whales.,
The latter take thousands of small fish Into their mouths which they cannot
swallow, and as thepe make their escape thf» birds pounce upon them and
make a meal. That the whales are very much in evidence has been demon
strated during 1 the past few week*. The pilot boat Bonlta was sunk by one,
another ran away with the Grade S, a thir.d nearly sank the ferry steamer
San Rafael, while still. another nearly swamped the launch Athlete, with
George Knight aboard. The "whale birds" are always in attendance, and in.
their wake comes rain— "much rain." say the pilots. v.
It Is a safe gamble that we will have at least twenty, inches of rainfall '
this year," said Captain Frank Murphy yesterday. ; "The whale birds are:
here away ahead of time, and I never knew their early advent fail to pre
sage a heavy downpour. I have watched their coming and going for. a gen
eration and have always founa that when they came before August 10.it
was a question of getting out your sou'wester and : oilskins, but when they
were later than August 15 you, could dispense With rubber, boots for, the"
reft of the year. This time they iwer/ largely In evidence on ; July 27, so, I .
-have my rubber boots, oilskins and yu' wester, all ready t for. active service."
"WfiiaSe Birds" Have Appeared Off the Golden
Gate Two Weeks Ahead off
Time.
As a result of several meetings, the
hackmen of the city organized last nisht
as the Carriage Owners' and Drivers* Pro
tective Association. The title states the
objects of the organization and, the fol
lowing officers will manage the affairs of
the association during the current year:
President, William McT^augrhlln; vice
president Thomas Martin; financial secre
tary John Dowlins: recording secretary,
Arthur Sullivan: treasurer, William Mc
laughlin Jr. A committee on constitution
and by-laws was appointed, consisting of
Martin Tiernoy (chairman), Henry Coile
and Thomas McKeever.
Hackmen Organize.
PILOTS PREDICT A WET
WINTER FOR CALIFORNIA
The ten-dollar excursions to Lake Tahoe
given by the Southern Pacific last week
and week before have, been the means of
attracting unusual mimbr-rs to that noted
resort, and with the desire to favor as
many as possible it has been decided to
give another next Saturday night August
4, under the same conditions.
It should be borne in mind that thiq
rate is unprecedentedly low— it Is even ab
surdly low, and does not pay the actuil
cost, and all things considered, it is an
opportunity that few can afford to miss
Tickets are on sale at the Southern Pi
ci£c city ticket oinco. 613 Market street. :
cursions Next Saturday.
ANOTHER TRIP
TO LAKE TAHOE
Third of the Popular Ten^Dollar Ex-
The case of W. R. Gallagher, a ranch
hand from Lodi, accused of grand lar
ceny, was dismissed by Judge Mogan yes
terday. He was charged with stealing a
diamond ring belonging to Irene Barnum,
a waitress In the Washington dance hall,
35 Eddy street.
Ranch-Hand Vindicated.
A musical and literary entertainment
will be given at St. Brandan's Hall. Fre
mont and Harrison streets. nex| Monday
evenlng, under the auspices of the Young
Indies' Sodality. A fine programme has
been prepared. Miss S. Klevesahl, Miss
S Alexander, Miss Sears. Miss M. Alex
ander. Miss Brown, Miss Cook. Miss
Tarabocia. Miss Boulet, Miss U. Mc-
Kenna. Miss M. Flaherty. Miss A": O'Con
ner. Miss M. Prince. Miss M. McCarthy
and Miss J. Reilly: Messrs. John Ca%*a
nagh. Al Brogi. F. P. Scully and Mathew
LeStrange will take part. Professor
d'Arcv's orchestra will be there and Eddie
and Claire Deutch will dance. Songs, in
strumental music and two little farces are
on the programme.
Will Crowd St. Brendan's Hall.
A. R. Cole, an electrician, living at 1S03
Dupont streot. was arrested yesterday on
a warrant charing nim with battery upon
his wife. Carrie. She showed the effects
of the boating on her face while swearing
to the complaint. Her husband, when he
got home Thursday night, missed a piece
of soap and at once knocked her down and
kicked her.
Brutally Beat His Wife.
Wanted by the Government for a
Coaling Station and Ejectment
Proceedings Begun.
The attention of United States Judge
Beatty was occupied yesterday in hearing
the evidence and arguments in the suit
of. the Government against the California
Drydock Company for the possession
of Mission Reck In San Francisco Bav
The case was submitted late in the after
noon and was taken under advisement
Several years ago the United States Gov
ernment wished to purchase Mission Rock
for a coaling station and made overturns
to that end. The drydock company of
fered to sell the rock for $250,000. and the
Government took the offer under consid
eration until t was found by the Depart
ment of Justice that the title was in the
United States and that it would not there
fore be necessary to pay for it. Suit in
ejectment was begun in the United States
SoStteSSKr^gg and th8 casc ™
MISSION ROCK TITLE
EXAMINED IN COURT
Censured by Inspectors Bolles and
Bulger for Striking on the
Castro Bocks.
The steamer Aurora sailed from the
dock last Monday for a voyage up the
raging Sacramento. By some misunder
standing the master wae left on shore,
and the boat wa* In charge of Pilot At
thowe. He went below for a few min
utes and the steamboat attempted to
climb over Castro Rocks, but failed and
was left daneling between wind and wa
ter. But little damage was done to the
vessel. Captains O. F. Bowles and John
K. Bulger, local Inspectors of steam ves
sels, made the following report yesterday:
"Mr. K. -Atihowe. pilot of steamer Au
rora. San Francisco— Sir: In the matter
of th» steamer Aurora, in your charge as
pilot, striking Castro Rocks July 30 last,
you mak«». In sworn report thereof, the
statement, in substance, that you left the
pilot house in charge of an unlicensed
man for a few minutes, with the steamer
under way, while you were absent in re
sponse to a sudden call. The fact of the
master n<it being on board is explained in
same report.
"Under the circumstances it was your
duty to have stopped the steamer at once
instead of allowing her to proceed with
• >
g.?..?..;..;..?..;,! .; A ' .M»:»X":-:-:-I"I-I- * 4- *
PILOT ATTHOWE LOSES
NINETY DAYS' SALARY
"You are hereby also notified that you
cannot continue your duties pending an
appeal to the Supervising Inspector with
out incurring the penalties provided by
section 4428, United States Revised Stat
utes."
For reason of such negligence as above
on your part we hereby suspend your li
cense as pfiot of steam vessels for the
period of ninety days.
an unlicensed man in charge In the pilot
house while' you were absent. Your action
endangered life and propertv and comes
within the provisions of section 4430, Re
vised Statutes.
' On the other side the Lowells—descend
ed from Percival Lowell, who settled In
Newbury, Mass., In '1637— were p^ple of
power for generations. John LowHj wa.<i
Mr. Lowell made the Atlantic of those
early days a wonderful thing. It seemed
in some way a mirror of his own Individu
ality, as he hlraaelf was to a degree tho
mirror of the genius of the age. But he
was an editor who managed things in his
own unique way. reading a manuscript
wherever the spirit found him or he fouud
the time, and cla!)plnpr it Into some unlike
ly place of the moment: so that long af
ter he left the editorial chair people were
sending to his successor manuscripts that
they had found unaccountably on their
tables or In their desks.
But the work was .'iksome and he re
signed it to Mr. Fields after about five
years. But in those five years he hart done
more to stimulate thought and style and
to create a high standard of literary aft
among us than any other single force.
Some time later he became an associate
editor of the North American Review for
a few years.
His mother had a memory stored with
the ballads of many lands. In many
tongues, and she made poetry the atmo
sphere of his being. It Is not lmposslb>
that she brought into the family that wild
strain which feeds genius, a certain tang
added to the drink of the gods. She be
longed on her own mother's side \n the
Trails or Trolls of the Orkneys, a tradi
tion ox the house giving her descent from
Sir Patrick Spens. who lies
• Forty miles off Aberdeen,
" *Tis fifty fathoms deep.
• (Was there ever such editor before or
since?)
I had submitted my first story under a
pseudonvm. But I sent him. at another
time, with the fatuity of the young writer.
a story with a new pseudonym after he
knew my own name. (I sometimes won
dered if he were kinder to me because— in
total ignorance that it was his mother's
name — I had chosen name of Spenee
for one of my disguises.) My sister copied
the story for me and lest our script should
have any resemblance I had her make a
difference In the <=hape of certain letters.
I received an i>arly reply, addressed not
to the pseudonym, but to me. saying that
although the "d's" were all "d's" tne
i-dees were the same.
Well, what am I driving at. then? Why. I
have sent your poem to the printer. The opin
ions or and are quite as likely to jump
with that' of the public as mine. But do not.
I beg. misunderstand me. When I write to
you about anything of yours I do not write of
ficially, but simply because I feel an Interest In
what you do with yourself. As editor, I write
no letters unless under downricht compulsion.
I have too much to do. and, moreover, letters
don't say Just what we tell them to say, r.or
just as we Bhould like to have ihem say it
But when your poem Is printed, may I de
mand a categorical exposition of certain pas
sages that puzzled even me. and I was 42
last month? A* far as printing is concerned.
If you like the poem that is enough.
I wonder that a woman should be so un
skilled in the countless varieties of no that
mean yes as to call my note a "refusal." I
dare say I am a joose far taking any kind of
interest in my contributors beyond the value
of their natne3 on the cover. • • • But Is it
with what women write, as with themselves,
that we must lik* altogether or not at all?
Did I not tell you that what I was thinking of
was you and not the Atlantic? I have a no
tion that young authors should never try ex
periments on the public — that they should al
ways look to makins their impression a cu
mulative one, and. above all. should beware of
watering their reputation. For th« flrst thin?
a writer must accomplish is success. After* that
the world Is only too kind, and tf one be really
¦worth anything success is a bond given for
something better— namely, excellence.
Lowell, as one of our hosts, came in, and
It was like a hurst of sunshine, melting
the Ice instantly with his debonair gen
iality and sweetness. Dr. Holmes and Mr.
Whittier. Mr. Longfellow. Professor
Stowe, Mr. Whipple. Edmund Qulncy.
Frank Underwood, were, with others,
among the guests. Of all the brilliant
company present I think Colonel Higgin
son alnd I are the only survivors.
-In Jhose days Mr. Lowell was the- editor
,in chief of the Atlantic Monthly and those
of his contributors who found favor with
him had a delightful friend. He fostered
and developed such power as they had
and his suggestions were invaluable. His
letters were precious possessions: many of
them too personal for publication. Per
haps I ought not v to print the subjoined,
written. I think. In reply to one in which
I had withdrawn a poem he did not alto
gether like: ,
In tremendous contrast to such work
as this is the "Fable for Critics"' with
its inimitable drollery, published anony
mously In 1S4S. If this was suggested bv
"English Bards and Scotch Reviewers'"
It bore no likeness, being utterly novel
and original. If the writer was unsparing
in relation to fraud and imbecility, he
was equally unsparing of his own preten
sions and the praise he awarded was posi
tive and generous. Nothing lovelier In Its
way was ever written than what he says
of Hawthorne and John Dwlght and Irv
ing. But Lowell loved to praise: thera
vas no foothold or cranny for praise- to
p!nnt Itself that he did not seize.
Having remained a widower four year*,
Mr. Lowell married Miss Frances Dunlap
of Portland In 183J. taking her after a
brief residence elsewhere to the beautiful
Elm wood, where he was born; the year*
passing delightfully with study, work and
the friends of a charmed circle. He went
to Europe again in 1S73 and not long after
that period he was appointed Minister
to Spain, subsequently becoming our Min
ister to England, welcomed there by. Eng
lish journals as the Erabassador from tho
republic of American literature to tho
court cf Shakespeare and beginning pub
lic life at an eminence where others leave
off. His culture, his high breeding?, his
wit and charm, together with hl3 fine po
litical tact, gave him an immense popu
larity In Great Britain. Not without hi*
critics concerning the Irish question, ha
was. .nevertheless, a large factor in the
production of ;he cordial feeling that has
been going on between England and
America and growing since hia day. But
Itp never for an Instant forgot that he
was an Ame rican. the patriotism that was
rather flamboyant in his essay upon "A
Certain Condescension in Foreigners"
never decreasing in ardor— the same lov©
of country that made him do his best with
the grace of song and the sting of epi
gram to remove her wmnjr ana shame.
He> returned to America when a new ad
ministration came in. having lost his wife
and having begun to grow old. It is no
table that as the years advanced the more
conservative he grew, cllneins to old
Ideals and refusing to accept the new. and
possibly hi."* absence from home and con
sequent unacquaintance made ?ome of his
personal judgments of less value than
onVe. He had always had certain fixed
faiths in things spiritual, of which on*
was a strong assurance of the immortal
ity of the soul. Once he wrote of himself
In an Illness. "I lost all Konsclouaness of
my flesh.- I was dispersed through spac<»
in some Inconceivable fashion anil mixed
with the milky way. Yet the very fact
that I had a confused consciousness of
the milky way as something to bo mingled
with proved that I was thi°n as much of
an individual as ever." Later his Ideas
of the spiritual life became more concrete,
while his soul was full of hop* and trust
and his religious experience deepened.
HARRIET P. SPOFF.ORD.
Newburyport. Mass.
It was in the early years of his mar
riage that our poet wrote the faultless
"Sir Launfal" and among others the rins
ing and stirring "Present Crisis." certain
lines of which have passed into all men's
memories, such as "Truth forever on the
scaffold, Wrong forever on the throne,"
and
Humanity sweep" onward, where to-day th«
martyr stands
On the morrow crouches Judas with the silver
in his hands.
rollicking fun. splendid wit and fiery de
nunciation there was never anything be
fore, nor can be again. While their humor
was tricksy, their satire was stinging, and
they ¦were a terriflc weapon In the cause
they championed, all the more terrific that
it seemed only a plaything, nwingin?
lightly while doing deadly work. Th«
second series proved no less effective in
the days of the Civil War. The use of the
dialect and archaisms that have nearlv
disappeared from New England, tracing:
which and their affiliations in languasrt?
was a peculiar pleasure to Lowell, makes
the pages of the "Bisjlow Papers" a study-
In the rJoric, as one might say; the char
; acterization there Is complete, with the
, most delicate painting; now and then pas
sages of pastoral beauty appear, and
everywhere wit sparkles like a shower In
the sun. or. rather. In the lightninga of
storm. Abounding as they do also In
sweet humor and tender pathos, with th»
rendering of life and manners, it is to be
doubted if long after much great contem
poraneous verse has been forgotten thl*
masterpiece will not remain Imperishable
as an epic.
Judge Cabaniss Will Bender His De
cision in the Valentine Matter
This Morning.
The trial of W. D. Valentine and others
charged with conducting a "clock" or
"tape" game at 43 Ellis street was con
cluded before Judge Cabaniss yesterday
morning, and the Judge reserved his deci
sion till this morning.
Valentine was again called to the stand
for cross-examination. Regarding Attor
ney Coffey's question as to the method of
working the tape and reel, which was
taken under consideration by the Judge,
he decided that the witness should not be
called upon to answer. Coffey then ques
tioned him as to the certificate of shares
of the Excelsior Gold Mining Company,
but nothing definite was brought out, a«
the Judge sustained objections made by
Attorney Collins. The same procedure
was gone through regarding the alleged
letter from "W. Seward, New York."
No further testimony was offered for
the defense, and Attorney Collins briefly
argued for a dismissal. Attorney Coffey
did not reply and the Judge said he would
render his decision this morning.
ALL TESTIMONY IN THE
"CLOCK GAME CASE IN
rupeds.
The first transport to get away will be
the Universe. She will take a full cargo
of t-upplies and fodder, and is expected to
sail on Monday next. The Universe will
be followed by the Strathgyle and Aztec
about the 12th inst., while the Warren,
with the Ninth Cavalry, will get away on
August 16. The Belgian King, with a
siege battery and pack train", will get
away in company with the Warren, while
the Fredericka (now on her way here
from China) and the Rosecrans will take
away two light batteries of artillery. The
Rosecrans will take the men and a num
ber of hospital stewards and nurses, while
the FredericKa will take the horses and
guns.
. On the transport wharf there is not the
rush of work that might be expected
owing to the sudden demand made on the
service. The Universe is the only vessel
loading, and en her there are twenty-four
men employed. Of these eleven are ex
army men. Volunteers who served in
Cuba and the Philippines and are now out
of work besiege the wharf and the offi
cers in authority daily, but the latter say
that when 200 men ask for work and only
twenty can be employed somebody is sure
to get left. Dunn says he is doing the
very best he can under the circumstances.
As soon*as the Universe is loaded the
men will be discharged and a new gang
gut on the Aztec and another on the
trathgyle, while a third will load the
Warren. Bad storage means a roar
from the authorities at Manila and Taku
and a subsequent kick from Washington,
which grows in vigor until it gets' to the
end of the line on the transport wharf.
BATTLESHIP IOWA IN PORT.
The Iowa arrived from Esquimau, B. C.
early yesterday morning. As she passed
up the bay the Chilean training ship" Gen
eral Baquedano was saluted. From here
the Iowa goes to Monterey, where she
will join in the festivities on August 17 In
celebration of the admission of California
as a Territory of the United States.
Captain Hooper brings the Iowa back
to San Francisco. Captain Goodrich re-
! horses and munitions of war to China
than he is to get men there. There are
plenty of soldiers in the Philippines who
can be spared in an emergency to take
care of the war in China, but with horses
and light and siege batteries it is differ
ent.
. At the present time a big herd of horse*
and mules is being inoculated and made
ready for shipment. Captains Batchelder
-md Barnesosi of the transport service
have the vessels ready, and just as soon
as the arrangements have been perfected
the exodus will begin. .
Colonel Maus, the inspector general of
the military department of California,
went over the chartered transports
Strathgyle and Aztec yesterday./ He found
both steamers ready for sea. Both ves
sels will carry horses and supplies.
Whether the animals will be for the
Third. Sixth or Ninth Cavalry will depend
upon how the inoculation affects the quad-
TRANSPORTS FOR CHINA.
Uncle Sam is more anxious to get
SAN FRANCISCO Is not going to
have a monopoly of whale stories.
The steamer Walla Walla on -a
recent trip ran into one off the
coast of Mendocino, and the vessel
had to be stopped and the engines re
versed before the unfortunate leviathan
could be got rid of. The prow of the
Walla \V&lla Ftruck the whale right un
der the base of the skull and fractured
the spine. The head hung on the port
side of the ship, while the body for a dis
tance of fifty feet lapped the starboard
side. The Walla Walla was steered to
port and then the helm was put hard to
starboard, but the leviathan could not be
got rid of. Then the engines were stopped
and the order, "Full speed astern," given.
The steamer and the whale then parted
company. Captain T. Wallace, superin
tendent of the Pacific Coast Steamsliip
Company, is the father of this story.
The steamer America Maru sailed for
the Orient yesterday. Among her cabin
passengers were Brigadier General James
A. Wilson and W. W. Rockhill,* Commis
sioner from the United States to China.
Among the other passengers were Com
mander N. E. Miles of the Nashville and
W. F. Smith and wife. Mr. Smith is an
engineer in the United States navy. :
The steamer Santa Rosa was five hours
late yesterday, the first time in eighteen
months that she has been behind time
The grain season has now set in and the
Santa Rosa was delayed at Port Harford
taking aboard 10.000 sacks.
R. T. McGlnnis. district officer of cus
toms at Mission-street wharf. Is back
from a well-earned vacation. Most of his
time was spent at Tahoe, but he managed
during his stay to climb Mount Tallac
Captain Bennett joined in the climb, but
both he and McGinnia found it heart
breaking work to have to break bottles
and partake of solidified refreshments.
Captain "Newt" Jordan of . the pilot
service is back from a visit to the East.
Captain Pierce was given a "welcome
home on the transport Sheridan yester
day. He has been for a voyage on the
iY*""?; 11 ' bu t yesterday took command of
his old vessel again. The officers and crew
made his homecoming a very enjoyable
one.
The McKenzie Musical Society will give
a bay excursion next Sunday. The
steamer Sunol has been chartered, a mili
tary band and a string orchestra engaged,
so the affair is sure to be an enjovable
one. The Sunol will leave Washington
street wharf at 9 a. m., returning at 6
p. m.
WATKR FRONT NOTES.
signed his command on the Sound and is
now in Washington, D. C. His departure
was very much regretted by the men, and
somti of them are still suffering for their
lack of discipline. It is a rigid rule in the
navy that no officer can be cheered when
leaving his ship. The men cheered Cap
tain Goodrich as he passed over the side,
and when the officers ordered the demon
stration to cense some of the crew gave
three cheers more. In consequence shore
leave is stopped on the battleship.
THE SOUND STEAMER WALLA WALLA AND HER OFFICERS.
IT is . definitely announced that the
Metropolitan Opera Company, with
Impresario Maurice Grau, will be on
the Pacific Coast not later than the
end of October. San Francisco will be
Mr. Grau's objective point, and wiil also
be the scene of the company's first ap
pearance this coming season. Jean de
Heszke (who is understood to be entirely
recovergd" from his temporary vocal in
disposition), Dippel, Melba and Eames
will be of the company.
Miss Clara Kalisher announces a reci
tal for September 4, to be given in Sher
man-Clay Hall.
Signor Arrillaga has returned from his
vacation and is again at work.
Professor Katzenbach is another re
turned wanderer. The professor has been
making pedestrian records round about
Soda Bay and returns to his duties in ex
cellent health and spirits.
Mrs. Frances W. Marrett, "Daughter
of the Revolution" and "great-grandchild
of General Beall, who at one time owned
the land where the Capitol of the nation
now stands" (vide title page), is to the
fore with a military march, "Roosevelt
of the Rough Riders." The composition
has a certain swing, but shows an entire
ignorance of harmonic Jaws, which may
only perhaps be a vouch for a large popu
larity.
The feast of St. Dominic will be ob
served at St. Dominic's Church, Bush and
Steiner streets,, by the celebration of
solemn high mass at 10 a, m. to-day, by
the Franciscan Fathers, and by solemn
high mass at 11 a. m. Sunday, with a
panegyric of St. Dominic preached by
Rev. Father Giacobbi. S. J.
?'here will be special music by St. Dom
e's choir," under the direction of Frank
lin Palmer, organist and choir director.
The musical programme Includes: Organ
prelude, "Franci^cus" (Tlnel); "Kyrie"
and "Agnus Dei" (Kalliwoda); "Gloria"
and Sanctus." St. Cecilia mass (Gounod);
"Credo" (E. Dethler); "O Salutarls." for
male voices (Gounod); "Adoro Te" (G. M.
Dethier); organ postlude, "Marche Pon
tiflcale" (Tombelle). The soloists will be:
Miss Lily Roeder, soprano: Miss Anna
Schaetz, contralto: J. F. Veaco, tenor,
and Signor G. S. Wanrell, bass.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
If you will pardon the personal remin
iscence, I had gone to a dinner given by
the publishers of the Atlantic to certain
of the contributors (I was young!), and
Mrs. Stowe and I had waited in the draw
ing-room three-quarters of an hour,
neither knowing each other, she as shy
as I. She had asked me at last If I knew
what time It was. and I had said I did
not. The silence had grown Impenetrable,
and I was In a chill dismay, when Mr.
IX.
When I first met Mr. Lowell I thought of
the ethereal, evanishing quality of Shel
ley,' mingled with the shrewd common
sense of. Poor Richard, and Mr. Underwood
has recorded the same impression. Yet.
in spite of the ¦ shrewdness and the
laughing sparkle of smile and eye, when
ever the countenance was in repose there
was something in the earnest look or in
the sense it gave of the presence of pren
ius that made tt archangelic in suggestion.
The face had a rather extraordinary beau
ty—a bright color, eyes that had a blue
blaze to them, the forehead low and white.
with rich chestnut hair parted like a
woman's, the mouth hidden In a beard of
brighter shade. His dress was in perfect
taste; his manner was charming, and his
wit bubbled through the whole conversa
tion. I had previously seen the portrait
of Page, and thought it all ! one would
have it, but that day it seemed to me en
tirely inadequate.
the author of the section in the bill of
rishttf through which slavery In Massa
chusetts ceased to exist. John Lowell Jr.
founded a course of free lectures in Bos
ton with a fund of |23O.0tA writing his wll!
on the top of the Pyramids— perhaps from
fancy, perhaps because he thought he
might not get clown alive. Francis Cabot
Lowell was the first to see the possibili
ties of cotton manufacture, and the tov. n
of Lowell wan named for him. Th* qual
ity of the race is Illustrated by the par.el
on one of the Elmwocd walls, found In
.Ne-wburyport in the house o? one of hi*
old forbears, v.hereon is painted a group
of clergy, in wigs and gowns and band?,
sitting round a table and. Smoking their
long pipes, while over a recess the legend
runs In Latin: "In essentials, unity; in
non-essentials, liberty; in all thine?,
charity." His father was a Unitarian
minister. Idolized in his parish, preaching
in the old West Church of Boston, not far
beyond the bridge, but living at Elmwnort.
a leafy place of trees and lawna and bird*.
in Cambridge, where Mr. i^owell. hi*
youngest child, was born and passed the
greater part of his life.
Mr. Lowell was 23 when he married
Maria White, a beautiful creature, who
faded away after nine years, but who?«
heavenly influence was lifelong. Their
children died in infancy, with the excep
tion of Mabel, who survived till recently.
The poems written by Maria Lowell were
very lovely, high-minded, musical, .and
were privately printed in a small volume
subsequent to her death, which occurred
a year after their return from Europe, in
1S53.
In the heat of the anti-slavery contest
came the first series of the "Biglow Pa
pers," like which for absolute originality.
Police at California-Street Station Re
ceive a Keport of a Crime
on theBarbary
Coast.
-4 ¦
Sergeant George Bunner of the casual
detachment now stationed at the Presidio
reported to the California-street Police
Station Thursday night that he had been
robbed of a large amount of money by.
Private B. McMurray of the same detach
ment. McMurray- cannot bo located, and
as he expressed his intention of deserting,
It is supposed that he has done so. ,
Wednesday night Bunner and McMur
ray spent the evening in the city, and
having missed the last car, went to bed
In a lodging-house at Pacific and Kearny
streets. Before retiring McMurray said
he was going to desert, but as he was
slightly under the influence of liquor his
companion paid no attention to him. Next
morning when Bunner awoke he found
that he had been robbed of nearly $200.
which he had carried in his pockets, and
that McMurray had gone. ¦ . i
Bunner searched for McMurray during
the day and, as he did not show up at
the Presidio, reported the matter to the
Eolico in the evening. Policeman Robert
ilver was detailed on the case.
The deserter has not been located.
While George Bunner Slept
B McMurray Rifled His
Pockets.
ARMY SERGEANT
ROBBED OF COIN
BY A DESERTER
' . — C V-. r.yrue. surceon. V. S. A i?
;med to duty as thief surgeon of the I
i.> pertinent of Porto Kteo.
._ ; Kl Lieutenant Julian R. Lindsay
enth I y.iton fitates c JV alry. is rfllpved I
-r'-rn n;ity at the Doited States Military I
-\cnat-my and (f to report to Major Gen
• ral rhaftf* for duty as aid de camp
Major J C. Dcrt. Twf-tity-fourth United
/ iT^.' rf;i . ntI V- I* r«^.^ved from duty in'
i Phnrpmnc* and wiil report to the com- I
V i "' 5lns : Pfn-r^l nf th«> Department of
.< illiortua for sirsfsrnmem to duty.
l*:es« officerK of th> Ninth Cavalrv arc
). r \T r f> rr * ' as f*»«o»»: First UeuSnMt
& B ;,/ ri ,"i^^ Jr. from Troop L to Troop
tom^Troo ! I / i /c U ;i 1 Tr n o ! o., r L . MrK • Salt2ma »
A. fins A.«.«=fptant .Suiiieons I)r<d^n H
Lamb snd Alpha M. Chase will report to
the rorrmr.r.dfr.£r general. Department of
« BUIomJa. for Hssl?nmfr:t to <jur>
l;ricadi.=r <;meraj Fitzhneh I>^V is a .«
f-ijrned to the command of the Department
of Cuba and Colonel S * M
White F1 Vi P Tenth Cavalry, to the 'com
mand of th«> De;.artment of Eastern Cuba
i-%£? l £, f" } V i A!jb o« Jr.. Twelfth
nlt«l htatr-.« Infantry, is rplieved from
fur:her duty at Madi-on barracks, >w
5^rk. ar.d v. ill join his regiment
<-aprsm Mark L. Hcrsey. Ninth United
Ftatrs \o -nfrrs. will proceed to China
and jcir. hi.« regiment.
Major John Van R. Hoff. surgeon. U. S.
A., p.nri Major Francis j. Ives. surgeon'
. 6. V.. are relieved from duty in Cuba
sind wlj report to the surgeon general
the army at Washington for instruc-
Major Joseph K. Maxfleld. T'nlted
S:a'.cs Voluntr-pr Siirnal Corps, is assigned
to duty with the chief signal officer of th»>
errry at AYashir.gton, D. C, as his assist
ant.
.^riripofa County.
A.-tiiiR Assistant Surgeon C. J. Bartlett
i\:;i accompany the battalion of the
1 -venty-third Infantry to the Depart
rv nts of Colorado and Missouri. Upon
ih'ir arrival at their destination gurgeon
Bartlett, will report to the headquarters
In -hi6 city for assignment to duty.
. C ilonel Marshall has succeeded in pur
<h;>-ir.g seventy-one horses for the cav
alr service in the vcir.ity of Stockton.
ih<- avrrajre price paid was $S0.
O.r>tair> Jamee A. Cole. Sixth Cirfalry. Is
relieved from further duty with the N'inth
Cavalry and will join hi? troop (A) near
Thr« /?Rivers. Tulare County.
The following orders have been issued
by direction of the Secretary of War:
Captain •Charts M. Augur, assistant
ciuart<rmasitr. I". S. V.. will relieve ila
?or Jamos B. Ai^shirp. quartermaster, I'.
S. V., at Santiago, Cuba, who will proceed
to TakU. China, reporting to the com
mar.dir.R central for assignment to dutv.
Capiain. K. B. Ives and First. Loeuten
i;ni? Victor Shopherd and C. B. Rogan
of the United States Volunteer Signal
Corps are assigned to duty at Fort Mever
Major n. M. ICoehler. Thirty-seventh In
fantry, r. P. V., bavins reported at head-
VJar'ers from leave of absence, is as
signed to duty in this city while awaiting
trarieportation to the Philippines.
. A -;;i.or Louis II. Rucker. Sixth Cavalry.
Is rr-Heved from duty In connection with
¦ .•:< inspection of horses, and will proceed
¦ his proper station camp near Wawona,
< jartermaster and commissary on the
transport Strathpyle. nnd in addition will
command the detachment detailed to ac
company the public imimals to shipped
en 'hat vessel.
Kirs=t Lirut^nant C E. Stodter, United
States Cavalry, is a5==ipn«?d to duty as
Troop? B and G of the Ninth Cavalry
arrived at the Presidio yesterday after
noon. The delay in their arrival was due
to the ninety-mile march they had to
make to reach the railroad. The arrival
of these two troops completes the two
squadrons which wiil sail for China on
the 15th ir.st. Their norscs will be shipped
on the Strathpyle.
Three patients were sent from the gen
eral hospital yesierdav to Hot Springs
and two wore Bent to Fort Bayard.
The horses of the Third Cavalry have
arrived h<>re. A detachment of fifty-two
men, under command of Lieutenant Hede
kln, is locking: after their welfare and
tviU go with them on the Aztec, which is
expected to *ail on August S. There are
2Z3 of the animals.
"These guns require the most careful at
tention. So nicely are they adjusted that
one man can handle the largest provided
they are kept carefully oiled and cleaned.
To keep them in this state of preservation
will require a large number of men, and
they must be men skilled in the handling
of ordnance, which the Infantry is not.
The removal of the artillery from this
post will entail a heavy less on the Gov
ernment."
The prevailing rumors that the Presidio
is to b« made an infantry post are causing
cor.sidera.ble discussion among the officers
connected with the artillery branch of the
service. The fortifications around the bay
cf 6aa Francisco represent the expendi
ture of millions of. dollars and to Intrust
their care to the hands of the Infantry
will, according to the views of artillery
experts, mean a great loss. The infantry,
they eay, is cot skilled in the handling and
care, of large guns, and the intricate'me
chanism of the .pieces around the shores
rf the bay, in the hands of inexperienced
persons would eoon be in a state render
:~g them utterly useless. An artillery offi
cer said yesterday:
Experts Bequired to Handle the Coast
Defense Ordnance — More Colored
Soldiers for China
Arrive.
Army Officers Opposed to
Making Presidio an In
fantry Post
ARTILLERYMEN
NEEDED TO CARE
FOR BIG GUNS
THE SAN FKA^TUISCO / CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 4, - lffjfep
Fractured the Ckimsy Creature's Spume aimd Got Away
With Great Oflffienilty — Army Transports"
ffor Ghtaa.
WALLA WALLA BUMPS A WHALE
OFF THE COAST OF MENDOCINO
.Theodore Cummincs.^a .boy^5 years of
age, living at 452*4 Tchama street, ran in
front of car 1060 "On V Mission street, near
Sixth, yesterday morning. The motorman
dropped. his fender and. the boy was lifted
up out" of danger. ¦ He-was taken to the
Receivlng>JIospltal.. where it was-found
he had escaped : with an abrasion' on * the
hip. •
.., r- ; *- ' : - - ¦ ¦
Saved by the Fender.
' Coples'of, this' valuable map will be sent free
on- request to 'all 'advertisers whoaddress Lord
& Thomas, Trude Building, Chicago.
Among the striking and original exhibits at
the Parts Exposition of 1900 few have occasioned
more favorable comment than the great map of
the United Stntcs. 15x15 feet, exhibited by the
well-known '.:. advertising acency : of Lord it
Thomas. Chicago and New York. This map is
constructed to show at a glance the various de
tails concerning State areas and , population,
number of publications In each, circulation per
issue, percentage of circulation to population,
value of : publishing plants, number of em
ployes,' average hours of labor, ' average wages
paid and average coat' per Inch ; for yearly, fcd
vcrtlFinK. Information "of this nature is of . es
pecial value to advertiser!", rhowins as it does
the beft locations in which to place advertising
to' reach the greatest number of people and se
cure best results. . ' ., ' ."•.
American Enterprise at Paris.
' John Elliott. 10 years of age; Henry Mcl
lotte, S, and Hugh McGonlgle, 7, jumped
into a buggy belonging to D. L. Mark3 at
Stevenson and New Montgomery streets
yesterday morning and drove away. • The
police were notified and In the afternoon
the boys were arrested on the San Jose
road by Policeman Herve ;and taken to
the City Prison. The horse and buggy
wore delivered to the owner. The boys
were booked for a public institution.
Three Small Horsethieves.
John M. Chretien, the disgraced attor
ney, by his.leBal representative has ap
plied to the Supreme Court for a writ of
habeas corpus. lie Is held In the County
Jail in default of-S20,0M) ball required to
insure his appearance for trial on charges
of forgery and obtaining money under
false pretenses. In his petition he claims
he Is being deprived of. his liberty Illegally,
as the amount of the Dond is excessive,
prohibitive and* unjust. Jle pays i he can
turnish a reasonable bond. The Supreme
Court has taken no action on the petition.
Chretien Wants to Get Out.
After years of agitation the residents of
Precita V.illfty are about to secure the fill
ins in of : the' Mission , swamps. The ob
jectionable swamps are located south of
Bryant .street and cast of Folsom ex
tending to San Bruno avenue, bounded by
Bernal Heights on the north. This whole
section was -formerly the bed of Mission
Creek; but latterly portions have been
lllled in by the extension of streets run
ning south.
The Board of Public Works has called
for bids to fill In the low lying ground to
grade and to continue the formation of
the various streets running through the
valley.
Mission Swamps to Be Filled.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
LOWELL: BY HARRIET PRESCOTT SPOFFORD.
Copyright, 19OO, b y Seymour Eaton.
LITERARY TALKS AND RErtVlNlSCENCES.
FROM AN EARLY PORTRAIT OP LOWELL.
9
POSTUM CE3EAL.
CAUGHT THE WORM %
Thtt Gnaws Under Cover.
'I have had quite an experience with
the use of coffee. Without knowing
why, I gradually became seriously con-
stipated, iith all the disagreeable effect?
of this most aggravating disease. I was
also bilious and stomach badly out of
order. •
"1 had no idea of the cause and kept
'-s:nfr colTee every morning.
"One day a friend to whom I spoke of
ircy troubles remarked th3t perhaps I
ajould find the cause in the coffee cup
id suggested the use of Postum Cereal
I-ood Coffee. I was impressed with his
remarks and made the change from cof-
fee to Postum. The old troubles have
nearly disappeared and I am one of the
.hsppiest mortals you ever saw. I have
•I roved, to my entire satisfaction that
rcfTce. was the unexpected cause of the
difficult?, and. while it nearly ruined my
health for a time, I have practically re-
. covered 2gain by the discontinuance of
"I have known a number of per-
sons who have been driven away from
;¦ Postum because it came to the table
i weak and characterless. It simply was
•vcot made right, and it would be the
*.iinc With any other kind of drink, tea,
rofiec. cocoa, etc. Postum.vihen made
'riccordir.g to directions, is a delightful
• beverage.
- ; '"There are a large number of people
',:;: this surrounding country who -are
.V-sinpr Postum, and their number is in-
: rr.e?.± : .i % .f: d?i!}'. It is sort of a stampede^
¦f- : tore T« f ier C 1ore is putting in a stock
" r :' Pnsuini that never thought of such
' i r.close a list of twenty or thirty
: " 3 i\ '•: those that I know of as users
of Postum. among my immediate ac-
quaintances. Do not use my name,
please." J. M. G., Box 72, Jefferson,
Wis. -New Ycrk Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— Sugar. Brooklyn
Transit. Baltimore and Ohio and Union Pacific
foil Forr.c-what into the background to-day. An
effort rear made by the traders to bring for
vard some of the other railroad stocks to take
the place of these recent favorites. These did
not avail to fill the gap left by the quietude
Ol the mercurial Fl*"cia!UeF, but the day's deal
ings had an apwarance of rather better dis
tribution as a res-Jit of these new evidences
of activity and the general tone of the mar
ket was firm and approached to positive
ftrength Bt times. The center of this strength
was the Crancer group, which was favorably
affected by the fhow of Increapei earnings for
th<» fo-.irtb week in July by the St. Paul sys
tem. The showing was particularly effective
b«"-auFe it compared with a very high level of
earninsF last year and because St. Paul has
rather b«-n looked upon as the leader o* the
reactionary tendency in railro.-.d earnings Inci
dent to the falling off in general business.
There was no si>eclal feature of traffic to ex
plain the recovery, which contrasts with a de
crease for each of the earlier weeks of the
nicr.th. ' It U. attributed to general merchancite
traffic. There was a renewed effort also to
advance Union Pacific, which met with atnme
ruccess. At the high level the Grangers.
Southern Pacific and Southweftfrn Wf-re gen
erally a point or more to the good. The move
ment was directed In part to the short interest
and whfa it covered In part relapsfl Into semi
stagnation and dropped lower. The traders
rr.ade something of the large Increase In cash
prospect In to-morrow's bank statement. The
time money market continued to show an easy
tone to-day, f-terllnsr exchange advanced a
fraction and exchange houses expect sold to
go out to Tendon next week.
The bond market to-day , waa only silently
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— Bradstreefs to-morrow
will say: Trade conditions still favor the
buyer; the general fall demand, though fair
In view of the midsummer conditions. Is still
below expectations and below a year ago; bank
clearings are at the lowest for two years past,'
and failures are slightly more numerous,
though no marked tendencies | are perceptible.
On the other hand gross railway earnings hold
the percentage of gain previously shown and
where prices are madf low enough to satisfy
buyers a heavy business is uncovered and read
ily booked, pointing to the demand being still
present and awaiting dispcsal. The crop situa
tion, as a whole, is better. The outlook for
corn Is for a 2,100,000,000 bushel crop. Spring
wheat is turning out better In quality and
quantity than expected and there has been an
unquestionable Improvement in cotton crop con
ditions. The yield of apples was the largest in
many years and fruits generally are yielding
liberally, and commanding good prices.
The Iron and steel Industry furnishes the most
notable example of reduced prices. Inducing a
heavy business, and while the outlook Ms still
a confused one the volume of trade In finished
material, notably bars and plates, is very
large. •
Foundry pig Iron has been In better demand
but at concessions, and the drift of crude prices
generally Is toward a lower level.
More Inquiry la reported for rails at the
West and for iron at the South, but ship room
capacity obstructs business.
The cereals are all lower this week, partly
on better crop reports, partly on lower. cablea
but , largely on the growth of bearish feeling
after the late reaction.
Beef products are generally higher on army
demand, while tin is seeking a lower level In
sympathy with foreign markets and Increased
supplies. . '; . ¦-.."• ' ¦- ¦ . ¦ .
Wheat, Including flour shipments, for the
week aggregates 3,327.003 bushels, against 2.36G. -
Local stocks and bonds and the oil stock*
were dull yesterday morning, with no chanst^!
worthy of remark.
In the afternoon there were some sales ot
Home Oil at 14 70.
Sales of stocks en the Bond Exchange during
the f.rst seven months of the year were 265.870
•hares, against 442.000 during the same tlma
last year, and of bends. $2,711.35u. against
13 sr.9.20O.
The Best & Belcher Mining Company haa
levied an assessment of 13 cents and the Chol
lar one of li> cents.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Aug. 3—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. , Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds — Eqult G X» Co. 3'i 3* t
Is quar coup..H5 1 in5 : VMutual El Co. 9* 4 l(r*
(3 do reg U3*ra%|O G L & H... 4d£ 50
Is do cp new..l32N133VPac Gas Imp.. 50W 51
fc quar coup.. 10!rS103v»: Pac L Co — 43
Miscellaneous— 'Sac ElG&PCb. K'i —
Cal-st Cab *s..ll«'i — S F O & E 33** 54 i
C C Wat Ss.lCU* — :Fan Francisco. 5 i,
Ed I. fc P 6s.l27 1 a — iStkn G & E Co 10 —
F & Cl Ry 6s... Ill — 1 Insurance—
Geary-st R 5s. — 90 jFlrem"s Fund 223 —
H C & S 5Vj». — — 4 P.ank Stocks-
Do la — 104 Anglo-Cal Ltd. «S TO
L A Ry 5st — 10S — Bank of Cal...4W —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — Val S D & T..l"tti —
Do gntd Cs.. — — I First Nation!. 275 —
L A snttl 5s. ..100 — iLon P & A l."4Vi —
L A P R R 5s. — 1W»; Merchants' Ex 13 -
Market-st R«... — 12S'-Nev Nat Pk... — —
Do 1st M Ss.llS — j Savlnrs P.ank*-
N C N G R 7s. — — !Ge r s & L...1SG0 —
N R of Cal 6a. 113 — [Hum S ft L... — —
Do 3s m — Mrt Sav BJc. 43 v-
P C R R 63.101 — 1 3 F Sav I* 503 X
Do is lft«41C.7 I?ev & L So... 74 1
N Cal n-j 3». .1UU — «»c Sav Bk.... — F
Oak G L & H.ll'»«i — |l>»on T Co — ¦-'-
Oak Tran 63. .1161,117 1 Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 5s.. — 104 California 123 —
Bradstreefs on Trade.
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE STOCK-MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 S84
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 83
Sterling Cables — 4 8»H
New York Exchange, sight — 10
Now York Exchange, telegraphic — 12H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60«i
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 484
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Local futures opened lower, but re
covered.
Liverpool futvres were weak and Paris fu
tures firm.
Chicago opened firmer on better foreign ' ad
vices, but the demand was moderate and chief
ly to fill shorts. At the same time 500,000 bush
els were sold for export on the seaboard, and
at Chicago and Duluth. Snow estimates the
crop in the three Northwestern States at 86,
000,000 bushels on his acreage, and 77.00O.OCO on
the Government acreage. There were renewed
complaints of drought In ' the corn belt. Ar
gentine shipments were 1,000.000 bushels.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 05; Milling, Jl 074
@1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 12,
000 ctls. *1 10%; 26.000, $1 10%.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
$1 11H.
Afternoon Session— 14,000 ctls, $1" 114.
BARLEY— Rules firm with a good demand.
Feed. 73©774c for No. 1 and 67H@724c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, S0®S£4c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD. SALES.
Informal Session— December— 12,000 ctls. 77%c;
2000. 78Hc; 4000. 7SVic.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2000
ctls. 7S%c; 6000, 7S4e.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 734c;
2000. 7S%c: 12.000. 78%c; 2000. 7S%c; 2000. 79c.
OATS— Some stir has been occasioned ¦ on
'Change by the discovery that the overland rail
road has given the Government a freight rate
on/ Oats of 60c per ctl from. Eastern points
clear through to Yokohama or Hongkong. The
rate from Chicago to San Francisco Is 55c. This
immense decrease in the through rate enables
Chicago to completely undersell San Francisco
for Government account. With a price of 22c
per Dushel at Chicago, the latter can land Oats
at either Oriental port at $1 35, whereas San
Francisco cannot , possibly do it at a quotation
to-dav ,of $1 20 per, ctl under $1 63. This dis
crimination In favor of Chicago may ; account
for the recent falling off In , the Government
demand for Oats.
The China steamer last week took out about
10,500 ctls of Oats In transit for this account,
and yesterday the America Maru took out 10.-
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— Wheat opened with buy
ers in the majority. The brief session at Liver
pool resulted in an advance of %d In prices
there. As local prices declined lc yesterday,
this naturally had considerable" effect. There
was a good deal of covering by yesterday's
sellers at the opening and buying by profes
sional longs. September opened at 75H@75*4c
compared with yesterday's closing price of 74?i
<?I747flC. The advance was maintained but a
short time. Primary receipts were very large,
nearly 50 per cent larger than a year ago. and
the quality of receipts of new wheat at Minne
apolis was said to be the best in years. As
soon as: the opening demand was satisfied the
market turned weak. Bears took advantage of
the lack of buying orders to put pressure on
the market and prices slid off very easily un
der the raiding 1 , September dropped to 74V4c,
with hardly a rally of consequence. It then
rallied to 75V4c, but again declined to 74?i@74v8C,
chiefly on account of lack of support, and not
until the session was near the close did the
market develop 'any real strength. Then re
ports pf heavy cash business I and export en
gagements began to come in, local as well as
outside points reporting a good business. Sep
tember rallied to 75%c and closed at 75Vi'S75?io
bid. *
Corn, with the exception of a few moments
of lirmnpss around the opening, was weak and
lower all day. The weather was good and the
favorable crop prospects . encouraged selling.
September closed lower.
Oats were dull, but fairly steady. Septem
ber closed %c hleher. V
Yellow fever reports were the one factor In
provisions. Opening prices showed material
declines for lard and until late in the session
the market was extremely weak. The close
was heavy, September pork 15c lower, lard 2H@
5c lower and ribs 5@7cVi lower. .
-The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 74tf 744 73tt 74»S
September 75% 75»» 74H 75H
October 76 : 76>4 75»4 76%
Corn No. 2—
August ZtVi 374 3C?i 36%
September ......... 37%. 37% 36% . 37
October. S6;i 36% 36H 36%
Oats No. a—
August 20% 20% 20% 20^4
September ......... 2H» 21>i 21 2\\i
October ............ 214 214 2U4 21%
Mess Pork, cer barrel —
September 12 05 12 05 11 S74 12 05
October ....11 95 12 024 11 874 1! 024
I^ard, per 100 pounds-
September ......... 6 80 6 85 6 80 B 85
October ............ 6 S5 6 90 6 85 6 90
January 6 70 . 6 75 6 70 6 73
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
September .......... 7 024 7 12H 7 024 7 124
October 7 00 7 074 7 00 7 074
January .-...¦...::... 6 10 6 10 6 10 6 10
' Cash quotations were as follows:
No.* 3 spring wheat. 724®73c; No. 2 red. 77®
78c: No. 2 corn. 38«39>4c: No. 2 yellow, 38^®
3S»ic; No. 2 oats, 21 Vi??224c : .No. 2 white. 23#
234c; Ho. 3 white. 22s;@23He: No. 2 rye. 48050c;
barley, choice malting, 36044c: No. 1 flax seed,
$1 42; prime timothy seed. %Z 15iJ?3 25; mess pork,
per barrel, J12@12 05; lard, per 100 pounds. $6 80
iif. S2U: short ribs sides (loose). J6 95(37 25:
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— Bradstreefs review of
the New York stock market will Bay to-mor
row: This has been a week of pronounced
dullness, accompanied by variability In move
ment of stock market prices. Present specu
lative conditions may, of course, be partly due
to the summer season and the temporary re
duction in the numbers of both professional and
outside operators. There would seem, how
ever, to be some points of difference between
an ordinary midsummer market and the exist
ing situation in Wall street. At present th?
fear of an unsettling of prices on account of
the Presidential campaign or the Chinese com
plications seems to overhang the market and
render -the regular participants In speculation
cautious about their operations, while the pub
lic Is indifferent, or it might be said Indis
posed to touch stocks except in the way of
investment. The buying of securities for the
latter purpese has naturally fallen oft at this
season, but the fact remains that the floating
supply of dividend-paying railroad shares 19
greatly reduced and offerings of such stocks
are on a restricted scale, which seriously'em
barrasses the efforts of bear operators to de
press the general market. As might be ex
pected there was more or less bearish manipu
lation in various parts of the list. Sugar and
Tobacco stocks coming in for a notable share
of this, but rallies followed quickly after each
depression. London was not a prominent factor
and though it was a seller on a small scare
here the disposition abroad was apparently to
take a more favorable view of the Chinese sit
uation. This to a certain extent steadied the
market, but on the other hand the fact that
the London market was preparing itself fcr
a large new war loan and discount is up to
iVz per cent there, had a bad effect on views as
to the future of the money market, supplement
ed as it Is by the belief that all the European
countries will have to borrow largely to de
fray the cost of their operations in China.
The fact that no gold was shipped this week
from New York was offset by the rise of ex
change dated at the end of the week, with
the firmness of money In London being taken
as an indication that the gold will be with
drawn from this side.
Butter, Cheese and Ess* stand the same ai
last week.
Meats show no change, but the wholesale
markets are growing firmer. Poultry is in
heavy supply,' with low prices for small ar>d
younjr fowl.
There is nothing new In fruits and vegetables,
both being abundant.
Coal, per ten—
Cannel $ O1S nojSouthfleld
Wellington. . ©11 00 Wellington ©11 00
Seattle 9 00® ICoos Bay — <j» 7 iu
Dairy Produce, etc —
Butter, per sqr..43'S5tf l Ranch Ergs, per
Do, per roll 3.".-._i n dozen C@30
Cheese. Cal lPnl5IH.or.ey Ccmb. per
Cheese. Eastern.. . 17s*;i> 1 pound 12t|lS
fheese. SwIm vv»vk j Do. extracted.. .1V813
Common Eggs 173201
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 15317[PorV. nalt 12"31S
Beef, choice 15@20 Fork Chops 15(3l»
Do. good Wa 12 Round Steak 10»13
Corned Beef — «10 Sirloin Steak 15® —
Ham Eastern.. 15® 17H Porterhouse do 20^25
Lard — 815]Smcked Beef —#15
Mutton 10@12jPork Sausages.. 12%!ff2i>
Spring Lamb 12«15jVeal —4213
Pork, fresh 15820,
Poultry and Game —
Hen». each 10*375 Ducks, each t&Q<X
Voune Roosters. ; Geese. each...$l 25#l SO
each «fo§73 Pigeons, pair 40^50
Old Roosters, ea.— «J">P| Rabbits, pair 4fl«50
Fryers, each *n<w*s|Hare. each — W"v»
Broilers, each 2S04O|Doves. per dz.73cg$l 00
Turkeys, per lb...l5'£CW
Fruita and Nuts-
Apricots 4® 5| Nutmeg Melons, '
Almonds, per lt>..15$* — I eacb 5511
Apples 44* o.Oranges. dozen. ..15-fi">>
Bananas, dozen.. .13(S2O! Lemons, dozen 15(g'2f
Blackberries, dr..25$t35< Nectarines, per lb l^ i
Crabapplen. per Ih \'<t 5! Plums, per lb itf i
Cantaloupes, each 5<@15' Raii-ilns. per lb... s^?l"
Currants. drawrr.3i»rf.O Raspberries. dwr.4(XBr^>
Figs, per lb 10<?l"» Peaches, per lb. .. 4» H
drawer oO-gCO Strawherrlas, per
Logan P>?rrles.per I drawer K34-1
drawer ZGHt&) Walnuts, per lb..l.itJ—
Grapes, per lb... 5S10 .Watermelons, ea..l5®35
Vegetables-
Artichokes. doz...3tva50|Lettuce, per doz.15"?? —
Asparagus, per lb 4® 10 Onions, per lb 3f3 5
Beets, doa 121*15 Okra. green pr lb.10^15
Beans, white, lb.. fit— \ Peppers, green. I b 5^10
Colored, per lb. *ii 5>Potatoea. per lb.. 30 5
Lima, per lb — fi 8, Sweet Potatoes... 5rf»—
Cabbage, each ... SiSlrt Parsnips, per doz.l5<f? —
Cauliflowers, each 5fjl« Radishes, di bchslO^?12
Celery, bunch ".<!? — Page, d^z bnchs..2"fi33
Cress, doz bnch3.20^.i25|Strlng Beans, lb. 4@ «
Cucumbers, pr dz.lOQ — Summer Squash,
Egg Plant, lb Sttio! per lb 4® 5
Green Corn, doz. 10^30. Thyme, per lb — 20^30
Green Peaa, lb 5 1 ?} SiTurnlps. per doz.10.rai3
Lentils, per lb 63 S.Tomatoes. per lb. K r ii »
Fish-
Barracuda 123— Shad 12»—
Carp S^lO Sea Bass ~4? :3
Codfish 123— [Smelts 1-&—
Flounders s810, Soles 123—
Halibut 12Q15Skates. each i&\2
Kingfiah — @12;Tomcod — QM
Mackerel t«- IClams. gallon W'd—
Do. Horse — »— Do hard.«hell.l0O.4.Kr;>
Perch 10<W12 Crabs, each 1C3U
Pomplno — f> — Do scftshell. dz.2'a.V">
Rockflah — 4S12 I Missel*, quart 1C81J
Salmon fresh 12«tf [Oysters. Cal. 1CO..4O©5»)
Do *moked — «20 Do Eastern. doz3i^4O
Shrimps SQW
•
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts, 16,
243 barrels; exports, 16,710 barrels; sales, 7S50
packages. Market was steadily held and mod
erately active, closing rather firm with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts 116,550 bushels; exports,
223.291 bushels; sales, 3.S5O.O0O bushels futures,
1.280,000 bushels export. Spot— Firm; No. 2 red.
79tyc elevator and Sl x «c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. S4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. SCUc f. o. b. afloat. Options — Opened
firm on unexpected higher cables, sold oft later
owing to bearish home crop news, extension of
short accounts and a liberal Southwest move
ment. From this the market rallied on a big
cash demand, closing firm at '.iS^c net ad
vance. September, 79',-s©S0 5-16c, closed 80*4c;
December, si 5-lfiQS2Hc, closed S2VSC.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
HIDES-Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, weak: No. 7 Invoice, 9Uc;
mild, quiet, barely steady. Futures closed
steady at a net decline of 10@15 points. Sales,
2250 bags. Including: September, $7 70® 7 SO: Oc
tober, $7 85; November. J7 S5; December, J7 95igS.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 4T»c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 4%c. Ke
nned steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4000 packages. Firm; cur
rent packed factory, 14@15?4c; creamery, 13®
19Hc
EGGS— Receipts, C54S packages. Quiet and
steady: Western at murk, ll$fl3>4c; Western,
loss off, 15Vic
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, Aug. 3,-Callfornia dried fruits
show little activity, though ruling generally
steady at former quotations. Offerings were
moderate. Prunes are quoted 3%@7c per pound,
as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal ll®14c; Moorpark, 15017c.
PEACHES-Peeled, 14{jl«c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Showed some ir
regularity, owing to freer offerings and light
demand. Common now quoted at 3<f?5c; prime,
i%&BMfil choice, SViS^c; fancy, 6%S 1 7c.
Chicago Grain Market.,
New York Grain and Produce. I
Family Retail Market.
T-»th thunderstorms ; cooler.
Arftona — Generally cloudy Saturday, probably
Tilth thunderstorms.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
fresh west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 3—5 p. m.
The following maximum temi>eratures were
reported from etatioas in California to-day:
Fresno 104 Los Angeles 80
Mount TamalpaiE... hS Sacramento 100
Red Bluff 100 Independence S«
Ean Luis Oblspo 7b San Diego 70
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C£; minimum. 54; mean. Cl.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails o\er the Pacific elope
except in Utah ar.4 Arizona, where it is gen
erally cioudy and threatening. Light showers
have occurred in i«.rtions of i'tah and Arizona
ciurl npthe day.
The pressure has failen over the Pacific slope
<iuri!.g the past twenty-four hours, but there
is a sl'.ght ri«- along the Southern California
coast in the last twelve hours.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tior.ary in all districts.
The following high winds are reported: Eu
reka, thirty miles per hour, from the north
west, and El Paso, thirty-four, from the east.
Forecas-t made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. August 4:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
west wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah — Generally cloudy Saturday, probably
For Chirr.— Sr.5 pkgs procerie? and provisions.
Si-46 cs cannf-d gor>ds. 21 cs photo goods. Zfr$
pals bottled beer. 20 rolls leather. 21 cs cheese.
r-6 cs oleomargarine. 557 bxs fruit. 76 fks dried
fSh. 34 cs fish bone. 70 bales seaweed. €270 bblfr
Hour, 23:*' pals 3 cs wine. U> cs salmon. r>0 skn
\mv.t. 42 bxs Ifmonf, 120 l.bls oil, ldu bbis
bet-f. 3"'t ITis lard. t> crs furniture.
For Jaj.an— 22* cs liquors. S2S cs groceries and
provisions. '<<•') bbls beef. ITS rolls leather. 3142
cs canned poods. SO cs dried fruit. 500 R«Us
win* 1 , 2020 bbls flour, 130 pkgrs naval stores,
5V7 tks tanbark, 22 pkgs graphophones, J2 pkps
agricultural implements, 22 pki?s electrical tup
plies. 21 crs bicycles and parts. 89 pkgs m;t
< hinerj-. € cs oil. 7 r^cs well material. 10.974
1.3RS roiled oats, SS7 bags raw oats. US ke;js
calls.
For Manila— 41CS gals bottled beer, 12 water
meters. t>3 pkgs groceries and provisions. 55
rt- bia<-kberry brandy. Hi cs wine. 50 j.l:irs dried
vegetables, i cs typewriters. *Z jjkgs machinery,
C4 crs bicycles.
For East Indies— 20 cs canned goods, US cs
ralmon, 307 jikgs groceries and provisions, o3
;¦< > fruit.
For Siana— 25 cs phonographs. C9 pkes gro
ceries and provislor-s. 4 jik^s machinery.
The Jar-anese liner America Maru sailed yes
terday for China and Japan with a general
cargo valued at S147.&4D. manifested as follows:
For China. $C^.5O1: for Japan. J7«.4:*.': for Ma
nila. J10.('4>; fcr East Indi-s. t2-"ll: for Slam.
J13fc3. The principal shipments were as tot-
Itwf:
Merchandise for the Orient.
•¦Funht-r sales of several cars of future ap
j'les were rer*>rted yesterday at 4 s sc for Novem
ber delivery, and 4' 4 c for December. A sale'
v>m- reported also for October delivery at 4.4oc.
Goods for October are now offered freel/
at 4Hjc."
The New Trrk Journal of Commerce says that
a. San Francisco dried fruit house has notine.l
it similar New York house that o«inK to she
«r-vere drop in June and July estimates of the
California prune crop have diminished from
l.V>,0<tfU l "0 pounds to Sw.Ody.OOO jiounds. and that
the fruit will run to email sizes, the larger
tlz^s being about 40 per cent under last year '3
<-mp. The Journal of Commerce sroes on io
that European cables give the same re
portS of email sizes there and estimate the
]>cnch crop at 89,000.000 pounds and the Ser
vian and Bosnian crop at 110.0"f ,0<w. If these
Mpures are oorrecl j.runes oUKhl to brine rooJ
lirice* thie vear. Oregon prune prices are re
ported announced at 4 s ;c for *>s, "orchanl
run."
terest her*- in new apneots If as slinht rs It
has be*-r.. but It was reported from the coast
that the fetimg there was decidedly firmer OS
choice poods. S]>ot prunes are now in the
hands chiefly of a. sincie house and prices have
been advanced by them to €^c for 40s and be
for i^*. The regrular normal demand has prac
tically cleaned uj> the holdings of all others
in the trade. Raisins are rather quiet, thoug.i
tome small business Is reported in Malagas.
Mail advices from New York say: "TraJp in
dried fruits is rather dull, currants furnish
ing: about the only activity on the whole list.
Sales of currants were made yesterday at
6 13-16c. and the market Is now firm at that
figure. One sale of 100 barrels was reported
>¦• sttrdav. and there were sales of several
smaller lots. Nothinjr as to the state of th>:
r _;».•: in Greece was hrard of by ca.ble. In-
Dried Fruit in New York.
Internal revenue collections in this district
durinp the first seven months of the year
amounted to $2,411,270. against $2. 1S2, 530 during
th** Fame time last year, and Included $672,2.(7
for beer. C0O.CS2 lor spirits. I175.SS1 for tobac
co and j;!«O,4i3 lor war stamps.
Revenue' Collections.
The America Maru took out a treasure list
of J6S1.27S. consisting of $564,119 In Mexican dol
lars, tlltk) In gold coin and 1126,000 in silver
bullion.
Treasure Shipment.
active and without any feature. Total sales,
par value. ?:<30,000.
United States refunding 2s, when issued, and
the 5s declined \. and the 3s. old 4s and new 4s
coupon H on the last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares, Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
3,210 Atchison 26H
rv>2« Atchisun prefd 7'*^
19.3C0 I'altimore & Ohio 74»;
Canadian Pacific S7%»
CanaOa Southern 4S l »
400 Chesapeake & Ohio 27^
l?0 Chicaeo Great Western 10 J 4
11,770 Chicago, Rurlington & Qulncy 126**
- l'SO Chicago Indianapolis & Louisville. 23
200 Chicago I«d & Louisville prefd SI ;
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9? i
200 Chicago & Northwestern 57-i
1,300 Chicago R«ck Island & Pacific 106\ ,
C C C & St Louis 5SVi
Colorado Southern 6 j
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 40V4 '
Colorado Southern 2.1 r-refd 16
Delaware A: Hudson 112
Delaware, Lackav.-anna & Western. 176H
610 Denver & Bio Grande 1SV;
510 Denver & K10 Grande prefd 66\
Erie 10»i
Krie 1st prefd 22 3 i
Great Northern prefd 152
Hocking Coal 13'4
¦ 42S Hocking Valley 35 *
426 Illinois Central 116'i
2UO Iowa <_>ntral 19
Iowa Central prefd 46
Kansas City. Pittsburg & Gulf 15'j
300 Lake Erie & Western 27
Lake Krie & Western prefd 52
Lake Shore 209
1.CO0 I^ouisvllle & Nashville 71H ]
4<y> Manhattan L 90=3
3^5 Metroiwiitan Street Railway 155V4
M0 Mexican Central 12& S j
2'K> Minneapolis <fc St Louis 56
l<Vt Minneajxjlls & St Louis prefd S3*i
Z.300 Missouri I'acitic 5*-'*
Mobile & Ohi-i 37> s I
10"» Missouri Kansas & T*xas S 1 * 1
150 Missouri, Kansa." & Texas prefd 31U I
600 New Jersey Central 129\4 |
720 New York Central 12s |
2.100 Norfolk A> Western 33^ '
Norfolk & Western prefd 7G 1 * '
6.160 Northern Pacific 51S4
1,2V) Northern Pacific prefd , ~l\
1.7SS Ontario A- Western tl\k
Oregon Railway & Navigation A2 j
... Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 78 |
l.IS) Pennsylvania 12;
2 1 "! Reading .146H
4,111 Rrading 1st irefd 6MC
60O Heading M prefd ssu,
Rio Grande Western 5914
Itlo Grande Western prefd 90 *
St Louis * Pan Francisco 9«i
Ht Louis A- San Francisco 1st pfd.. 66
St Louis & Fan Francisco 2d prefd. 32 1 ;
IjO\i\f Southwestern 1014
223 St Louis Southwestern prefd IM4
9.34) St 1-aul "!."l7-
St Paul prefd * 171
Bt Paul ft Omaha \\<\
5/«o Southern Pa-iflc ;.; jj«
200 Pouthern Railway ' jqt
4fM Southern Railway prefd .. " KM?
1*1 Texas *.- Pacific " ji!.* .
41.CC3 Vr.ion Pacific ",£
4, ISO I'nion Pacific prefd " ~;v.
Wnbash '.'..'.'.'.'.'. cv
S13 Wabash prefd i«i
550 Wheeling & Lake Erie :..;" 9
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2i r -i
,.. \\ isconsin Central 13'
100 Third Avenue .'.'109
Express Companies—
Adams ,..125
American j^
United States -••-• -^
Wells-Fargo .'.".122
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil 3411
American Cotton Oil prefd ' gsii
Ainrriran Maltinp 31*
American MalttnR rrefd 19
; Amer Smelting & Refining 3C4
4 Amer Smelting & Reilning prefd.... bV 2
*;. American Spirits ji- 1
American Spirits prefd ['.'. 17
American Steel Hoop ifciz ;
..; American Steel Hoop prefd 66^4
£20 American Steel & Wire 2«sZ
110 American St^el & Wire prefd....." 72',
370 American Tin Plate ." 22K '
American Tin Plate prefd 77V
2.0^0 American Tobacco ; f,2»i
American Tobacco prefd 12S
7,l. r t.i Anaconda Mining Co .) 4;,%
15.7S5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ..." i~»:
4.'.0 Colorado Fuel & iron 33*.
L.1CS Continental Tobacco 2414
1.210 Continental Tobacco prefd... " 76 "
l,«0 Federal Steel ' Z*K
Federal Steel prefd es'
100 General Electric 130
Glucose Sugar " 52
'.. Glucose Sugar prefd * 99
International Paper 22*4
400 International Paper prefd 65 J i
100 Latlede Gas 73'
300 National Biscuit 3c
National Uiscult prefd £5
National Lead 19
280 National Lead prefd $6%
100 National Steel 24
National Steel prefd 84
New York Air Brake 135 '
600 North American is>4
Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast 1st prefd fc»
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 62
210 Pacific JIall .' 31
55-0 People's Gas 9S»4
4ro Pressed Steel Car 38^4
200 Pressed Steel Car prerd 72
Pullman Palace. Car 1S2
Standard Rope & Twine 5
9,470 KuRar 121%
Sugar prefd 116
400 Tennessee Coal & Iron CS»4
L4S0 United States Leather ]0Vi
200 United states Leather prefd 6S
1.C.-.0 United States Rubber 26'/4
200 United States Rubber prefd........ »3
Western Union 79>4
230 Republic Iron & Steel.. 1 . 9V.
Republic Ircn & Steel prefd &0»£
P C C & St Loul* £3
.
1S7.30') Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS!
U S ref when Is- M K & T 2ds 67
sued reg 103>4 Do 4s 90%
Do coupon 103»4 N T Cent lsts 108
U S 2s reg 100 IN J Cent fi-en 5s. ..122
U S Ss reg 103'i Northern Pac 3s.. 65V6
V S 2a coup 109U Do 4» ' 104V«
U S new 4s reg 132\ N Y C & St L 4«..107>i
U S new 4s coup...l32HlN & W con 4s STfo
V S old 4s reg 115>4iOr Nav lsts 109
D S old 4s coup....H5',4| Do 4s 102%
U S 5r reg 113 Or Short Line 6S..125H
I U S 5» coup 113 Do con 5s 112V4
! Dis of Col 3.C5s 122 Reading Gen 4s.... 87%
I Atchison sen *s....101\4 R G W lsts 98V*
I Do adj 4s S4 Bt L & I M con 5s.lioy t
Tanada Sou 2ds....lOSS;]B L & S F Gen 6b. 121
Ches & Ohio 4«is... S9»i Bt Paul con 167U
Do 5s 116>4 St P C & P lsts. ..117
C & X con 7s 140 I Do Ss us
Do S F Deb 5s.. .122 'Southern Pac 4s...' 7S*i
Chic Term 4s 92^Southern Ry 5* jos%
Colorado Sou 4s S2H;ftand R & T 6s 72U
i D. & R G lsts 102 jTex & Pac lste... 111*4
I Do 4s 97%, Tex & pj-c 2ds M
I Erie Gen 4s 68>xjl*nion Tac 4s 105 s !
F W & D C lstp... 71 JWnbash lsts 118
General Elec 5s 115 Do ids 10114
Iowa Ont 1st* 113 West Shore 4s m'
K C P & G lsts... 70^4 Wls Cent lsts 8714
1 L &. N Unl 4s 9S»i Va Centuries 89%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 14 Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 12 Ophlr 66
Con Cal & Va 1 4C Plymouth 10
Dtadwood :... 10 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 20] Do prefd.. 6 50
Hale & Norcross.. 22iRierra Nevada 2*
i Homei«t:ike 50 OOiStandard r 44
I Iron Silver SOlUnlon Con 18
Mexican 14'
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • (Union Pac £9}i
Call loans 2©3 West End .......... 93
Time loans 3Q4V4 WestKh Elec 44«i
Stocks— Win Cent 13
A.tch Top & S F.. 26% Bonds-
Do prefd 70 Atchison 4s 99%
NEW YORK, Aug. 3.— The following table,
compiled by Bradetreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
August 2, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
_, Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York I756.512.SS9 .... 25.1
H°*ton 103.1S7.S7S 20.0
V£ f "f °, 121,524,879 0.2
Philadelphia 70,500,961 .... 6.5
St. Louis 27,708 202 .... fc.O
Pittsburg 32.765.3SS '31.1
Baltimore 1S.445.517 6.4
£an Francisco 21.137.016 4.3 ....
Cincinnati 13,6*9 &0 1' ....
Kansas City 13.420.304 IS. 4
New Orleans 6.S74.S04 15.0
Minneapolis E °15 347
Detroit 8.127,331 3.5
Cleveland 10.73i>,767 4.5
Louisville 7.96S.1S5 2.1
Providence 5.2Hi,<iuO .... 13 2
Milwaukee 5,272,634 7.6
**• J'aul 4.607.3SO 11.6
»«uffalr; 6,037,847 13.3
Omaha 5,977,4v2 8 1 ....
Indianapolis 6,047.523 2S.7
Columbus. Ohio 5.367,600 20.6 ....
Savannah 3.512.70S 23.5 ....
Denver 4.221.2G6 36.8
Hartford 2.1C5.773 .... 15.7
Richmond 3,330.567 IS 1
Memphis 1.7SO.I36 26i6 .'.'.'.
Washington 2.210.0&6 8.4
} >e °ria 1,710.194 .... 1.6
Rochester 1;S91,712 11 4
New Haven 1.210.6S4 .... 24^6
Worcester 1.M3.351 .... 16.0
Atlanta 1.1S3.40O .;:. 3.0
Salt Lake City 1.992.626 14.0
Springfield. Maes... 1,112,736 .... 43 0
Fort Worth 1.975,519 32.5 ....
Portland. Me 893.17S 40 1
Portland. Or 1.134.635 20.8
St. Joseph 3.6S5.491 0.6
Los Angeles 1.849..-.01 15.6
Norfolk 1,152,719 4 6
Syracuse 930,117 .... 12.1
Des Moines 1.273.1SS 7.5
Nashville 9C9.1S0 .... 13.3
Wilmington. Del... 1,043.613 ....
Fall River 4S6.459 S3. 6
Scrintcn 1.372.622 2S.4 • ...v
Grand Rapids l,193,m 14.0 ....
Augusta, Ga 718,090
Lowell 4JO.784 ... 4 1
Dayton, Ohio 1.012.597 3.5
'Seattle 2.7SS.415 16.7
Tacoma iH>5.347 16.8
Spokane 863.7W 26 4
Sioux City 764,970 9.1
New Bedford 297.3;*) ... 3S 2
Knoxviile, Tenn.... 437. 20G . 15 - 6
Topeka 837.7:15 72 2
Hirmir.gham 7S^883 ¥> 7
Wichita 4S6.615 2.9
lilnghamton 461,600 8.4 ....
L?xin?ton, Ky 527,907 (fc.9
Jacksonville, Fla... 183.C72 "!o ....
Kalarnazoo 357,122
Akron 160.000 33)7 '.'.'.'.
Chattanooga 3S-2.6S4 3S.4 ....
Rockford. Ill 221, 06S ..... 7.5
Canton. Ohio 277.«00 11 6
Sliringneld, Ohio... 31S.534 41 9
Karso. X. D 24(1.703 3.6
Sioux Falls. P. D... "14«.1O2 .. » 3
Hastings, Nebr 173,979 58.7 " ....
Fremont, Nebr 16S.707 61.5
Davenport 912,563 17.9
Toledo 2.404.673 • 0 7
Galveston 4.7^.600 2 "
Houston 4,798. 951 1.4
Helena 712.11S ....
Kvan*vll1e 670,365 .... 17*9
Macon, Ga 544.000 29.5 .. •
Little Rock 33S.S93 33.5
Hprineilrtd. Ill 350.664
Youngstown. Ohio.. . 247,502 13.6
Totals, U. S $1,323,403,503 .;,. Uil
Totals outside of
New York S71.830.674 /... 2.6
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $12,013,329 .... 101
Toronto 8.S50.0S3 7.5 ....
Winnipeg 1.000.347 6.8
Halifax 1.C27.773 13.8 ....
Hamilton 700.571 3.2 ....
John. N. E 765.43a 13.3 ....
Vancouver 955 19 7
Victoria, B. C 653.557 25.0
Totals t2S.C6C.236 ~L0 ~
CORN — Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
3s 10'id: American mixed, old. 3s ii'.»d. Fu
tures.' dull: September, 3s 10*fcd; October, .33
lid; November. 3s HHd.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, f's l%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 3d;
No. 1 California, 6a lHdgCs 2d. Futures, quiet;
September. 6s Hd; December. 6s l%d.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 3.— Wheat, steady: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2d®63 2Hd; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 7-16d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Aug. 3.— Consols, 97 13-16; silver,
27 15-16d; French rentes, lOOf 17',*c. Wheat
cargoes on passage, nominally unchanged:
Engllfh country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets. •
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 3.— Wheat quiet and un
changed; bluestem, 59c; club, 66c.
PORTLAND. Aug. 3.— A few small lots of
wheat are selling all the time, but the bust
ness as a whole is of small proportions. Prices
do not show much change. Export values are
about 55c to SCc for Walla Walla and valley
and about 59c for bluestem.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Aug. 8.— Clearances. J2S7.4S3
balances, J41.010.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— To-day the pressure of
cotton was general except for occasional and
brief Intervals of reaction. Opening steady at
a decline of 2Q"7 points under adverse cables,
the market soon became unsettled and selling
was tfctlve by all classes of traders. The mar
ket closed quiet at a net loss of 8@1S points.
Nnu York Cotton Market.
NEW* YORK, Aug. 3.— There Is no sign of a
reaction In the market for metals here or
abroad. To-day's developments were unfavor
able, showing inherent weakness In every de
partment. At "the close the Metal Exchange
called pig warrants very weak with J12 nom
inal price. Lake copper, unchanged at J16 50.
Tin, barely steady at J32{?32 25. Lead, unsettled
at J4 25. Spelter, easy ' at J4 2O@4 25. The
brokers' price for lead is $4 and for copper,
$16 50. ¦___ '
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipt*. 5C»"J. Strong to shade
hlpher; lambs. 23Q40c lower; good to choice
wethers, strong to 10c higher, $4 33'3'4 75; 'fair
to choice mixed. S3 S0®4 15; Western sheep. SI 2,i
©4 70: Texas sheep. lOfrljc higher. $3 2.">«l S:.:
native lambs, J4 23*53 73; Western lambs, $3
75
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 19.0<>0: to-morrow. 13.
000, estimated: left over. 2000. Mixed and butch
ers'. J5 15@5 50; good to choice heavy. 13 10®
5 43; rough heavy, Ji 90<H5 05; light, ;» 20'gj 50.
CHICAGO. Aug. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3000.
Steers, strong to 10c higher; butchers' stock
tteady except medium cows, lower. Native?,
best on sale to-day, four car loads at $3 70;
good to prime steers. J5 33®6 50: poor to lr.o
dlum. $4 45@3 23: selected feeders. $4@4 60;
mixed stocloers. $3iff3 SO: cows. J3'!T4 50; heifers,
J3@".; canners, J2 25<ff2 85; bulls, J3ti» 60; calves.
Jo® 6 S3; Texas fed steers, 14 4^3 35; Texas
grass steers, $3 35<g'4 30; Texas bulls. J2 Mff3 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit Grapes— Malagas. Jl?
1 40, single crate; Clusters, average Jl 70. Pears
— Bartletts. $1 4301 63 a box. Prunes — Gros.
average. $1 65. single crates. Twelve cars of
fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: Peaches— Early
Orawfords. $1 to $1 05 per box; Late Crawfords,
85c to $1 05; Susquehanna, II 05 to $1 10; Orange
Cling. $1 to Jl 05; Tuscan, SOc to Jl 05; Albright.
Jl 05 to Jl 15; Crawford Cling, Jl 05 to Jl 15;
Freestones, Jl 05. Peara — Bartletts, Jl 30 to
$1 65 per box and 70c to 85c per half -box:
Hardys. $1 30 to $1 35 per box. • Prunes—Ger
mans. $1 35 to Jl 50 per single crate: Gros. Jl 40
to *2 25; Silver, Jl 40; Italian, Jl 50. Plums—
Kelsey, ?0c to Jl 55 per single crates; Yellow
Egg, Jl 25 to Jl 55; Giant. Jl 45; Washington.
$1 10; Purple Duane. Jl 30. Grapes— Malaga,
65c to 80c per single crate; Clusters, fl li.
Grapes In poor condition.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: Pears — Bartletts.
*1 40 to »2 10 per box: Hardys, Jl 25 to *1 55.
Peaches — Crawfords, Jl 25 to Jl 50 per box.
Plums— Jefferson, Jl 15 to $1 33 per single crate.
Prunes— Gros, Jl 55 to Jl 60 per single crate.
NEW YORK, Aug. 3— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Malagas.
II 10@l 65. single crates; Clusters. $1 70@l S3.
Pears— Bartletts, Jl 80^2 10 a box. Plums—Yel
low Egg. Jl 20® 2 15. single crates; Kelsey Ja
pan. J2 40®3 25. Twelve cars fruit sold to-day.
LONDON, Aug. 3.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts,
$2 76, half-box; Black Hardys, Jl 86 to J2 23 per
half-box; Black Clalrgeaus, SI 50 to Jl 75 pe;
half-box. Plums— J2 10@2 23 per single crates.
LONDON, Aug. 8.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts.
|» E5®2 76. two-flfthn box; Souvenir de Con
gress, {2 05@2 10. Peaches— Decker, $1 SC-gl 92 a
box; Twin Sisters, $1 SOtgi 92 a box. Plums—
Quakenboss, average S2 88; Jefferson, $2 04@2 22,
single crates; Yellow Egg, $2 O4@2 22.
Silver a fraction weaker. Exchange unchanged.
Shipment of $691,279 to China.
Wheat dull, but steady. Barley firm.
Chicago gets in under San Francisco on Government Oats.
Corn ajid Rye as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff s shozv no further variation.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables still in good supply.
Poultry market overstocked and weak.
Fruit trains and boats came in late.
Good Dried Fruit in increasing demand.
Estimates of the Prune crop still further reduced.
Provisions continue to show an upward tendency.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Xo further change in the Meat market.
New prices for Candles.
LIVERPOOL. : ;
Wheat— ' Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 0*4 6 1%
Closing ; 60% 6 l*i
PARIS.
¦Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening ....19 70 2100
Closing 19 80 2100
Flour-
Opening. 23 60 27 30
Closing 25 63 27 40
WASHINGTON, Aug. 3.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the J150.000.000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available casn
balance, JUS, 624,714; gold, $73,037,226.
NEW YORK. Aug. 3.— Money on call easy,
l'/i@lV4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4ViQ l
5 per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with actual
business in bankets' bills at $4 S7 7 4 for demand
and at J4 84 for sixty days; posted rates, $i MVfc
<?M 85 and.14 SS'i; commercial bills, $4 83«4 S3»«.
liar silver, 60^c. Silver certificates, GH4©62!4o,
Mexican dollars, 4SV&C. Bonds— Government,
weak; State, Inactive; railroad, steady.
Condition of the Treasury.
A T ezv York Money Market.
Atchison. 2GT4: Canadian Pacific, 90'^; Union
Pacific preferred, 77^»; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 73%; Grand Trunk, CVi." Anaconda, ST».
Bar silver, steady, 27 15-16d per ounce. Money,
3@3V4 per cent.
CLOSING
NEW TORK, Aug. 3.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were still very idle to-day,
but the news harder. Investment securities par
ticularly being In demand. Americans were
listless and Baltimore and Ohio issues were
weak on realization on declaration of the divi
dend. Union Pacific was pood, but entirely on
New York support. Rio Tlntos were strong
early In the day on Paris buying, but later
they relapred. Anacondas, however, held the
rise owing to New York support. The Stock
Exchange here will be closed Saturday and
Monday.
London Market.
The foreign demand for bituminous coal la
heavy, but producers hesitate to contract ship
ments while prices tend upward. While. prices
are above the 1899 opening In woolens, they are
materially below the figures reached later last
Reason. The wool market has been active. An
average of 100 quotations on August 1 was
pllghtlf below J20 51. "Wide sheetings are re
duced 15© 20 per cent, but the decline attracU
more business.
Copper exports for July are estimated at 10,
0C1 tons, against 7160 in 1&99, and the amount
coming Into sight In the first half year for
home consumption is only 05,023 tons, a -de
crease of 19.4G7 tons.
It 1« often hard to read encouraging symp
toms of general business In declining prices of
commodities, but Just now It Is reasonable to
look for them. Some raw materials and some
manufactured products, one 'stage, removed
from the raw, are selling at lower prices than
at any time since last year's advance set In;
but there Is confidence among buyers that the
downward ¦ swing is nearly over, while sellers
are adopting a cautious policy, «hich until re
cently characterized the attitude of buyers.
Iron and eteel markets were startled by
reports of sales of steel bars at 90c per 100
pounds, but business at the same time was
the larjjest in months at Chicago on a basis of
about |1 25. Increasing demand for bar iron
from makers of agricultural Implements and
car-builders was a feature, contracts being
placed estimated at 110,000 tons in bars and
plates. , The trade believes that orders will
Increase as the season advances and that the
total needs of Iron consumers will compare well
with last year. Heavy bids appear for foun
dry iron, buyers being uneasy, without reduc
ing, and selling prices of many descriptions ap
proximating cost. Export orders Increase and
makers do not fully accept reports of purchases
or foreign rails for delivery in the South. Some
traders are not satisfied with the result of
Chicago's confidence, pointing to the report of
the production of piglron In the first half of
the year, exceeding all records, and contrast-
Ing it with the recent dull markets.
NEW YORK. Aug. S.— n. G. Dun & Com
pany's Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will
say: '
SUMMARY, OF THE MARKETS.
Amer Sugar 121V» ( N E G & Coke 5s.. «4
Do prefd 116 Mining Shares-
Bell Tele 146% [Adventure 2Vi
Boston & Albany.. 248 Allouer Mng Co... 1
Boston Elevated ..142 Amal Copper ...... SSU
Boston & Maine... .1S9 Atlantic 23ft
Chi Bur & Q I2tj3i Boston & Mont 306
Dominion Coal 41 jButte & Boston.... 62
Do prefd ...113 iCalumet & Hecla..740
Federal tfteel 32<-i 'Centennial 16^4
Do prefd C5 Franklin 13V4
Fltchburg prefd. ..137 IHumholdt 25
General Eleo 130 Osceola 66»;
Do prefd 13S"* Parrot 42
Ed Elec 111 203 jQulncy 132
Mexican Cent 12u'f=anta Fe Copper... 4»4
Michigan Telo .... S3 Tamarack 195
N E Gas & Coke.. 15Vi|Utah Mining 29
Old Colony 205 Iwinona 2«,£
S 1 ' 1 ..^ 00 " 11 "' 011 "•¦ 1S% Wolverines 3S^4
Rubber 26 |
shoulders (boxed). «%©7c: short clear sides
(boxed), $7 55@7 65: whisky, basis of high wines.
$1 23U; clover, contract grade. $S.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13.00") 7.000
Wheat, bushels 134.000 . 15.000
Corn, bushels 211,000 S41.000
Oats, bushels 370.000' 247.000
Rye, bushels 7,000
Barley, bushels 14.000 300
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market .was firm. Creamery, 15@19c; Dairy, 14
@17o. Cheese, steady, 9%@10Hc Eggs, firm;
fresh. HJic.
-
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Business failures for the week number 170, as
against 183 last week, 156 In this week a year
ago, 189 In 1898. 214 In 1S97 and 269 in 1896.
Canadian failures fcr the week number 29.
as against 13 last week, 26 In this week a year
ago and 23 In 1898. "
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports are 14,568,869 bushels, against IS. 508.906
bushels last season and 14,426.122 bushels in
1898-99. ,' :
743 bushels last week, 4,711,614 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1899, 4,111,312 bushels In
1S98, 3,308,477 bushels In 1897 and 2,747,855 bush
els in 189C.
$1 for small and 2S<850e for colts. Deerskins— &
Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins. I
30c; winter or thin skiaa, 20c. Goatskins- 1
Prime Angoras. 73c; large and smooth, COc;
medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3c; refined. 5Hc; grease. 2®2>-sc.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 14{?13c: Northern, defective. VAj
14c; Middle County, free. U'tflSc: Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. Il<ei2c; Southern ¦ Mountain, free. 1
months'. 10«il2c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', SWllc; Humboldt and IXendoctao,
16'ilTc; Nevada, I3@l$c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Jeaquln Lambs', S^ite per 1b.
HOPS — Old. nominal at 6<££10c per lb: new.
10©12c. ,
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is nothing new to report In any d»
scrlption.
BEEF— 5-3«c cer lb for fair' to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7#Sc; aniall. 9<ff9Hc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7Vi1i8c; ewes. 7S t^j0 per
pound.
LAMH— Spring. Sl^Oc per Ih. '
PORK— Live Hogs. Srf?6^c for small. 5S493 T «o
for medium and S'j^oSc for large; stock Hog*
and feeders, 5ViS5Se; dressed Hogs. SSSVjC
General Merchandise.
BAGf— San Qu-ntln Tags. 13 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 63<THc: Wool Bags. 2S«i^32iic:
Fleece Twine. ;i- C ; Pruit Bags. 6v 2 y<,^c for
white and HICOU for bl«-ache,l jute.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
\\elling:on. $3; Seattle. 17; Bryant. IS;
Vv°. 9 . a^ y " *!**: Wal!aend. t); Co-operative
\\allsend. »; Cumberland. »12 in buU and *13 2i
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. JU:
f,, n i l - $lii 'Sv? 301181 Rocky Mountain descriptions.
ta^> p " a 2m ' Pouad* and $s 5o per ten. according
? Iar K Son 'i clrcu!ar *»>»: "During the wc?k
JJ?°^ -i?K b ?? n J our eoaI a"»val3 from Wash
ington with U. 106 tons; three trom British »:o- 1
lurnbla. 8VJ tons; two from Oregon. TOO tons; ,
total. M.636 tons. No coal Is accumulating,
but we are doing fairly well considering the
scarcity of carrier;., as the 'quantity delivered
this week approximates to the amount con
sumed The oil producers are successfully
struggling to increase their output to meet the
brisk demand now existing fr, r their fuel from
all sections. New producing wells are daily re
ported, thereby aiding to tide ttxtf the light
deliveries of all oth^r characters of fuel here
and in the interior. In the near future the otl
product of 4-aIlfornia shouM Br..l a market at
Improved figures, as Its value is based upon a
relative coal standard, which has recently been
marked up somewhat. The foreign demand for
coal Is so urgent in Australian ports that ves
sels are delayed sixty day3 awaiting th?ir load
ing turns. If the anticipated coal demand,
which will be created by the massing of the
combined European war vessels in China.
•hculd be made on New South Wales, it is hard
to predict what confusion will ensue. It ia true
a requisition may be made on the Japanese
collieries, which may render temporary ai.l.
but the quantity is meager niitl the quality un
desirable. Colliery proprietors locally and all
through America can safely Join In the chorus,
'Coal is King' for l'JCO and for several . years to
come."
CANDLES— Electric light, sixes. 9<S13c per
s^t, ar^ordinij to 91I z£ » X wr^l v<*s Cliotd ), XO*%^c j
Granite Mining, nixes. aX&lS^r: twelves (ho
tel). UHc; Parafflne Wax Candles. JBiQXEHfl
for white and lc higher for colored.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-ib bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. «.li)c: Powdered.
5 S<V; Candy Granulated. 5.8oe; Dry Granulated.
6.7Cc; Confectioners' A. 5.70c; Magnolia A.
5.30c; Extra C, 5.20c; Golden C, S.luc; barrels.
W more; half-barr"!s. 2T.C more; boxes, 5Co
mor»; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom-
Inos. kalf-barrels. S.40c; boxes, S.Tuc per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. AUG. 3. 1300.
Flour, qr ska 10.330;F:ggs. doz 13.930
Wheat, ctls 4.8*0 Sugar, bbls Zjl
Barley, ctls S2.272 Hugar, sks M
Oats, ctls S.I'tO Lime, bbls..., 273
Rye. ctls 23 'Hides. No ' 31".
I'heese. ctls 2s Pelts, bdla l.".l
Butter, ctls 2fio Bran, ska 1.075
Tallow, ctls 2':6 Onions, sks 544
Quicksilver, fisks 72 'Potatoes, sks 2,-Wi^
Wine, gals 53.6'in Hay. tons S<V! '
Leather, rolls li2iWool. bags « 61
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 14,f>7R Bran, sks 1,607
Wheat, ctls V*) Wool, bales SI
Oats, ctls 560,
New fruits of all kinds except Apples seem to
be gradually creeping up, as the output is no
where near as large as predicted two months ,
ago and as interested parties would even now
lead people 1 to believe. Reports from the in
terior are that dealers who held off for lower
prices for Apricots are notv scurrying around
after supplies and find choice goods hard to
get. Peaches are also showing a better tone.
The situation In Prunes In New York will be
found fully set forth In the first column. If
the facts published by the Journal of Commerce
prove correct. 1. e., that San Francisco esti
mates are now for a crop of 90,000.000 pounds.
instead of 15O.00O.0CO pounds, 'as figured on six
weeks ago, and that the large sizes are 40 per
ctnt *hort of last year, prices for Prunes will
probably be higher this yeas than for several
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, nomi
nal—cleaned up. Evaporated Apples. 3%S4'.4c;
sun-dried. 3€r3>£c per lb.
NEW CROP— Apricots. BS7Uc for Royals- and
SM:©10Vlc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apple*
ifcbc: sun-dried, 3«*3Hc; Peaches. 5c for stand
ard, 6c for choice and 7c for fancy; Pears 5®
ittc: Plums, pitted. 5©6c; unpltted. ittlUc-
Nectarines, 4ftT5c for red and 5#6c for whitei
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c: standard. 8c; prime, kc : un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas
Fancy, per lb. 8^c; choice, 7Hc; standard, 6V»c
prime. Ec; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless'
tO-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels »V»c*
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers ifc
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, J2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, J3. AH
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points la
California.
NUTS— Walnuts. gigiOc for Standards and »
©lie for feoftshells; new Almonds. HUMi'iio
for paper-shell. 9V4@10Hc for soft and 6ft7c for
hardshell; Peanut?. £^«Hc for Eastern and
5<g6e for California; Brazil Nuts. lKgi'Vic- Fil
berts. 12313c; Pecans. 11:313c; Cocoanuta. J3 5O
y&
HONEY— Comb, 12©12Hc for bright and 119
HHc- for light amber; water white, "ViS7Hc:
light amber extracted, 6\tf}S*U:; dark. Waic
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24^26c per lb.
Provisions.
The situation Is very firm, and as remarked
yesterday, some dealers are asking He advance
for cured meats. Stocks are light, but the de
mand is slow. • •
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10@l0V4c per lb for
heavy, W»i©lO'Ac for light medium. U%c tor
light. 12'4c for extra light and 14c for sugar
cured. ' Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12V»'hl3c;
Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Fam
ily. J14: extra Prime Pork, $15; extra clear. *19;
; Mess. $1C 50; Smoked .Beef. 12^iS13c per lb.
I.ARD- Tierces quoted at CHc per lb for com
pound and S^c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9c: 10-lb tins. »%c: 5-lb tins. 9»ic.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. • 8 T /6c; three
half-barrels. 8%c: one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces.
S^ic: five tierces, SHc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9Hc; medium. 8Hc: light. S%c; Cow
hides. 8V»c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf. 9c;
Dry Hides, sound, 15c; Dry Kip. 13c; Dry CaJf.
' 13c; culls and brands. 12c; Sheepskins. Shear
, liegs. 20*i 30c each; short Wool. 30<S50c. each;
medium. 60®SOc; long Wool. • 90c® $1 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt. $2@2 23 for large. $175 for
medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts; Hone
Hides, dry. « b» /«» 1-— n « # ** —
APPLES— 25340c per box for common and
50c©$l 25 for good to choiae; Crabapples, 20tf3Oc
per small box and 40g60c per large box.
PEARS— Bartletts, 25Q65C In boxes and $109
20 per ton in bulk.
PLUMS— 20SJ 40c per box and crate; In bulk.
$10^15 per ton; Prunes, 25@50c per crate; Egg
Plums, J10«15 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 30<93 30 per chest for
large and J3ti3 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— J5«S per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— *3g5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $7 per chest.
CURRANTS— *l 0W&2 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 637c per lb.
FIOS— Nominal.
NECTARINES— White. S5@50c per box: red.
40@SOc. .
PEACHES — 30@40c per box and 23?P40c per
basket; in carriers. 60<373c; in bulk. J13g20 per
ton for freestone and J20^25 for clings.
GRAPES — • Fontalnebleau. 20i»6Oc per crate.
Muscats. 404JC5C per crate; Seedless, 73®S3c
per crate: faweetwater, 3o&50c; black, 5C37«c;
Tokay, .
MELONS— Nutmegs. 50c©$l 23 per cas«; Can
taloupes, $1 23@3 per crate; Watermelons, JS
4i2." per 100. with J30 for extra large.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valenclas. $2f*3 50: Lem
ons $1 5CHg2 50 for common and $3@4 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, $7; Bananas,
$1 23<&2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. U 50®3 5u per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DECIDUOUS FRISTS—
APRICOTS— Nominal and about gone at 23$
50c per box and crate, and $12823 per ton to
the canners.
It was a late day yesterday. The berries
from Watsonvllle and the peninsula were late
and the river boats with the Peaches and Pears
were late. Of course, the late goods- suffered.
Otherwise there was little new to report.
Limes are about cleaned up again, the re
cent hot spell having created a sharp demand.
Ltmons are In better supply and weaker.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
UCTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 23 / S23',ic; sec
onds, 22'4c.
Dairy— Fancy. 20c; good to choice. IS'Ql^c;
common. 15©17Hc.
Creamery tut — 20c per lb.
Pickled roll— 20c.
Firkin— 18'&20c.
CHEESE— New. S?9c: Young America, 9*43
10c: Eastern. 13\*Q14Vtc; Western. 10@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14gl7V4c for store and 20fJ
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 14U"gl3c.
Prices for all descriptions stand about the
sr.me. Butter and Eggs are steady, though the
latter are in better receipt and dull. Cheese
ccntinues very weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market Is overstocked with almost all
descriptions, and the demand Is inadequate to
consume more than half of the arrivals. Prices
are weak, of course, though young Gobblers
are reported sold at lS'giac.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9*5 10c for Gobblers
and 10® 12c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 25ig; 50-
Goslings. $1 25141 50; Ducks. W&i for old and
%?. C0®4 for youn?: Hens, |4@3 GO; Young Roost
ers. $4g6: Old Roosters. $3 EO@4 50: Fryers.
$3tf3 50; Broilers. $2 50«3 for large and $1 50<S2
for small: Pigeons. $1 SCgl 73 per dozen for old
and Jl 2r,<;l 50 for Squabs.
' GAME— Doves. 4W* per dozen: Cottontail
Rabbits. $1 73; Brush Rabbits. 73cgjl; Hare, $1.
Poultry and Game.
Sweet Potatoes and Onions are weaker. To
matoes are doing rather better.
PQTATOES-Gvnet Chiles. 50c; New Early
Rose, :5Q30c; Burbanks. 23@60c for Rivers and
te^ic per ctl for Salinas; Sweets. l%S2c per
pound.
ONIONS— Yellow, «yg3Oc per ctl; Pickle
Onions, figi 23.
VEGETABLES-Green Corn. 50c{J$l per sack.
90c® $ I per crate for Berkeley and |1#1 SO for
Alameda: Green Peas, 'fiS'jr per lb; String
Heans. ;-fZ3c: Limns. 3fX4c; Cabbage. ' 40-SiOc:
Toraatws. Rivers, 4O<fr«i>c: Bay, KfiTSc: "Egg
Plant, S*>5€3c per box; Green Okra, SO^Tic;
Green Peppers, 251jf.Oc per box for Chill and 4'i
fiCfc for Bell: Dried Peppers. S(??10c: Carrots. 25
ft 35c per pack: .Summer Squash. Znt&ZZc for Ala
meda; Cucumbers. 20'&3Oc for Alameda: Pickles.
%\ per ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2; OarUc 2
@3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. JUQU per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS-Bayo*. $2 6332 75: Small White. $3 40
®3 60; large White. $2 60®2 75: Pink. $2©2 S3:
Red. $3 25^3 £0; Blackeye. $3 5b; Lima, $3 300
5 40; Pea, nominal; Red Kidneys. $434 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. |!S2 20; Canary,
34c l>er lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 3H1f3c; Hemp. 4g4V*c;
Timothy, 4@4Hc
DRIED PEAS— Niles. nominal; Green, »2 233
2 50 per ctl; Blackeye, |2.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay Is steady and unchanged, and there Is
no further change In Feedstuff*.
BRAN— 112 50<gl3 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-tt7«?2O Der ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, I16§17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. I26S27; Jobbing.
127 E0<528: Cocoanut Cake. $2Wf?21; Corn Meal.
$26 50: Cracked Corn. $27: Mixed Feed. *13 5<Vgl4.
HAY— Volunteer. 14 50©6 50; Wheat. $10'«12;
Wheat and Oat. $9 50@ll 50; Oat. $S#10; Clover.
$466; Alfalfa. |6®7 50; Barley. }6 ZQQi 60 per
ton.
STRAW— 25&40c per bale. ,
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 6033 73.
usual terms; Bakers' Extras. J3 4(XS3 50; Oregon
and Washington. J2 73@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily and • *3 15@3 30 for bakers' ; Eastern {4 75«
5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follow?.
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour.
*3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. |2 75: Rye Meal. $2 50;
J. UC< U^!. OU ,£ VA Corn Meal - * 2 r °- * xtra cream
do. p 50; Oat Groats. J4 50; Hominy. $3 50-R3 75;
Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25 r Cracked Wheat.
13 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 25-
Rolled Oats (barrels). J6§7 25; in sacks. *5 73
Flour and Millstuffs.
White. II 10@l 35; Surprise. U 33@1 40; Red.
$1 10@l 22%; Gray. $1 10<§l 20; Black. $1 07H<S
1 22H per ctl: off grades o f all kinds. $1©1 07 w
CORN— Large Yellow. Jl 25 per ctl: White.
$1 25 per ctl: Small Round Yellow. SI 25.
RYE-SO#93i;c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
374 vicks rolled and 8S7 sacks raw Oats. This
shows the loss to this market by this discrim
inative frefzht rate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, AUGUST 4, 1900.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Foreign Futures.
Bank Clearings.
Bradstrcet's Financial Review.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
10
California Fruit Sales.AGED WOMAN MEETS DEATH
BY EXPLOSION OF A LAMP
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag report the sale
of 2715 Stelner street, between Vallejo and
Broadway for W. II. L. Barnes to Leroy
Hough. The price was $ll.t»m
B. M. Gunn & Co. have sold a site for a
machinery building on the south line of
Mission t.treet, near Steuart. for W. B.
Bourne to W. J. Brady for $23,500.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
> WASHINGTON. Aug. 3.— Wtlllam H-
Hall of San Francisco is at the Ebbitt.
REV. - WALTER McDONALD of
Maynooth College, Dublin, Ireland,
arrived In this city last evening and
- will remain for some time as the
guest of his brother. Rev. James'McDon
ald, pastor of St. Charles Church.*Eight
eenth and Shotweli: streets. . , \
The. distinguished, visitor h«s been for
the past twelve years prefect of Maynooth
College , the greatest college In Ireland
and largest ecclesiastical ¦ school in the
world, with a capacity of 600 students.
Father McDonald is the author of nu
merous scientific works, his book on "Mo
tion" having a world-wide reputation. He
hns also written several volumes pertain
ing to the Catholic church which give him
a place in the front rank of the literarv
jworld. ¦ .
This is the reverend gentleman's first
visit to the United States, and the major
portion of his time will.be spent in San
Francisco, as he has not seen his brother
for five years. The McDonald family is
noted In Ireland for brilliancy; in the
ecclesiastical world.
REV. FATHEE McDONAIiD, A NOTED IRISH PREFECT*
Solid for Frink for Governor.
SEATTLE. Aug. 3.— The sixty-three
delegates of King County, comprising the
solid delegation, will go to the Republican
State .Convention in Tacoma. August 15,
under Instructions of the county conven
tion to use all honorable means to secure
the nomination of Senator J. M. Frlnk of
Seattle for Governor.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 3.— Arrangements
were all completed here this morning In
the San Rafael Athletic Club for the flf
teen-round glove contest between Frank
Raphael of San- Francisco and Rudolph
GrosFinan of this city. The event will
come off to-morrow night. The men fight
for a iMO purse and both are trained to
the minute.
The Raphael-Grossman Bout.
Lunatic May Be a Murderer.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 3.— William M.
Vaughn was arrested to-day at Beardsley,
twenty-eight miles north of this city. He
is'either a murderer, a lunatic, or both.
Vaughn is a prospector who came from
California several months agt> and worked
in the United Verde mine at Jerome
Several weeks ago he and his partner Ed
Widner. started out on a prospecting tour
Widner. has not been seen lately and
Vaughn has been terrorizing the vicinity
of Beardsley mining camp by hl3
maniacal actions. "I killed Widner and'
cut his head off," he said to-night.
Wedding at I*os Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 3.— The marriage
of Miss FranciscaAtala Carrlllo and A
11. Calkins took place at Santa Monica
this afternoon. The bride is the dauehtpr
of J. J. Carrillo. a wealthy Spanish
rancher of this county. The groom Is of
an excellent family, and for two years
occupied a Government position at Hong
kong. The bridal couple have left on a
short wedding trip to Northern California
summer, resorts.
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. auctioned real
estate this week as follows: 1S50 Hayes
street, 25:4!4xl37:6, Improvements, three
flats, $5S00: 623 Natoma stteet. 275 feet west
of Seventh, 25x75. with cottage of 7 rooms.
$1600: 2307-9-11 California street, SI feet
west of Webster, 5lxS7:6. JSS50, subject to
approval; 20, 22. 22H Middle street, ZxS'>
$2500; northwest corner of Webster and
Hermann streets, 21x83:3, $5450; 65 Whitney
street. 25x125, $375.
Deeds have been placed on record In
the past week as follows:
Anna W, Ellis to Bessie E. Stow, northwest
corner of Broadway 'and Baker streets, iOx
137:6. J10.000: estate of Louis J. Itufflno to Wil
liam Crocker, 60x125. on east line of Church
street. 235 feet north of Fifteenth. $K»«i: estate
of James G. Fair. Charles »L. Fair. Theres*
A. Oelrichs and Virginia Vanderbllt to Union
Iron Works, northwest corner of Butte and
Delaware streets, 400x200, }45.C00; Hlbernla
Savings and Loan Society to Frances I>rath
man. south line of Seventeenth street. 91 feet
•west of Howard. :*xl00. KZtoO: Christian H
and Carl Volght to Karl L. Veiln, ea.n line
of Capp street, !45 feet south of Twenty-third
street, 87:«xl22:6, I5S0O-. estate of Jane May
bell to John T. Merrltt. Clay street. 160 feet
east of Sixth. 33:9x75. £500; 'William F. ami
Alice L. Alexander to William C. Alrey north
line 'of Filbert street, 100 feet west of Klllmore
37:6x120. JKOO; Ambrose Rnd Lydla A. Hinds
to James H. Bruce, north line of Jackson
street. IBS feet east of Leavenworth. 27:6x137 6
I40OO; N. and Kate Soderer to Robert W*
Markle, west line of Julian avenue, 215 feet
north of Sparks, 30x100, 12000; estate of Mary
CASA NEVADA IN BUIITS.
Eperia! Dispatch to The Call.
YOSEMITE. Aug. 3.— An old and inter
esting landmark disappeared from the
Yosemite yesterday by the burning of the
Casa Nevada, or Snow house, located at
the foot nt the Vernal Falls. The Com
missioners recently ordered the tearing
down of the worst of the two buildings
and the storing of the best lumber from
the same in the cottage. This was to be
used in repairing the latter and making a
lunchhouF? of it. While burning the rub
bit-h yesterday evening the fire got beyond
control ami in a few moments the old his
torical cottage was a maim of names.
Fir.ce XSSO the place has been abandoned.
Mr. and Mr?. Enow, who built it. having
ci'-d the previous year. During the many
y^-ars they had charge of it they enter
tained many of the most noted men of this
country.
m
Want Police Commissioner Removed.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 3.— For the past
two days there has been a persistent ru
mor that ther« is a. determined effort to
pecuro the removal of J. Ling from the
Police Commission and, strange as it may
It is said that the saloon interests
are back of the movement. As the story
Pdps the saloon men and the breweries
have become weary of the frantic efforts
cf Ling to carry water on both 6houl
e>rs.
Honored by the Kaiser.
BREMERHAVEN, Aug. 3. — Emperor
William has conferred decorations upon
the employes of the North German Lloyd
and Hamburg-American steamship lines,
thanking them for the devotion and. self
eacriflce they exhibited In loading the
transports for China, in which eervlce
the Emperor declared they had proved
themselves men of honor.
To Open Catholic Boys' School.
Friectal Dlf.patfh to The Call
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 3.— Brother Lasclon.
Brother Timothy and Brother Leo of the
Christian Brothers have arrived, and will
take charge of the Boys' Catholic School,
¦which opens Monday. Bishop Montgom
ery- has notified Father McNamee that he
will arrive to-morrow to be present at the
opening of the school.
( ? ¦ ¦ ¦
Marriage License Issued.
*. OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— A marriage license
•was Issued to-<Jay to Elmer D. Bills, 20,
of Mark West. Sonoma County, and Edith
K. Hart, 19. of Berkeley.
"SMACK TOO MUCH OF
BEER," SAYS WHEELER
University President's Criticism of
German Institutions of
Learning.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— The Oakland As
sociation of the University of California
Alumni held its second meeting and ban
quet in the parlors of the First Unitarian
Church to-night. P. E. Bowles was elect
ed president. Benard P Miller vice presi
dent and Harry A. Melvln host foi tho
next meeting. At the banquet John R.
Glascock was toastmaster.
"The American University' was the
topic assigned to President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, who paid: "The American uni
versity has borrowed from both the Eng
lish and the German; but now it has bor
rowed about enough. Our mechanism and
administration are infinitely superior n
theirs. The German university has a
smack of beer about it. Many of their
students coming back to America are to
be distinguished chiefly for that reason.
They have mastered the art of putting
down Infinite quantities of Munich beer."
Professor Charles Mills Gayley gave an
address on the English university. Hu
said: "I am thoroughly converted to tho
honor system, the system of close com
petition. It Is good for a thoroughbred to
eprint occasionally. Our university life la
too much of a dead level of mediocrity."
In discussing the German university
Professor George 8. Stratton said: "While
they work they work: but they do not
try to study all the year round. The Ger
man university Is run on the European
plan; a man pays for what he Rets. He
goes to hear men and pays in proportion
to what he takes."
Professor Stratton expressed himself as
being heartily in favor of tuition fees,
saying: "The idea of free higher educa
tion is the outgrowth of an unhealthy
sentimentality. Its reaction Is vicious,
and the system, I believe, will destroy
itself."
Iroquois Club Meets.
The Iroquois Cub held a meetng last
right at Pythian CastLe. Senator J. C.
Sims, chairman of the Democratic State
Central Committee, addressed the club on
campa^r, issues. Short speeches were
made by Charles A. Sweigert, J. O'Conneii
Thomas A. Curran. H. McCIaughry and
Max Popper. J. W. Shinquin and Charles
A. Swe:gert and Hull McCIaughry -were
«-lected members.
An Informal Reception and Banquet
Given to J. O. Eeis, a Promi
nent Elk.
A COMPLIMENTARY but Informal
banquet was tendered la.st even
ing in a downtown rotlsserio to
John O. Reis. recently chosen
grand esteemed leading knight of the
Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks,
by about sixty members of San Francisco
lyidce No. 1 An excellent supper was
served, and after the delicate viands had
been disposed of. Theodore Bonnet, the
exalted ruler of the lodge, who presided,
called' for remarks from the following
named: Colonel J. R. Ilowell, Colonel F.
E. Beck. John O. RHs, P. J. Fay, L. C.
yuen. E. N. Short. H. E. Curzon, J. H.
Curley C. H. Jackson, F. J. Sime, K. B.
Louisson. R, P. Churchill, Paul Selig. A.
J. Carmanv, L>r. Theodore Bothers, Sam
uel Daniels, Captain D. Friel and Frank
Marston. m , \
At 11 o'clock the usual custom of that
hour among Elks of rising and drinking
to the absent ones was obesrved with due
solemnity.
MAYNOOTH'S PRESIDENT
VISITS SAN FRANCISCO
Action of Labor Council.
A corr.mittee from the San Francisco
I. : , her Council will appear before the Su
; . rvteora Monday to advocate giving the
city printing to npne but allied printing
hii p«. This action was decided upon at
t'>. rneeUns of the Labor Council lnpt
lipht A communication was ordered
Fcnt to the representative of I'nclc Sam s
military department of California and also
: i the Secretary of War. protesting
e«aioct musicians of the army playing at
Civilian parties for pay.
The following officers were Installed for
the ensuing Fix months: PfeFident, BAU
< lapp: vice president W. H. Goff; record
ing and corresponding secretary, £d Ro
*fnborg; financial secretary. C. H. Parker,
treasurer. Ernest Koenig: sergeant at
*rm« K Barnrtt: trustees— W. McArthur.
j Nugent, C. Schupp«rt; executive cotft
niittee-A. R- Andre. J. McCarthy. W. H.
Goff. A. Iten. J. Nugent. O. Schultz. F.
Harriett: organizing committee— F. Har
riett. V. Britton, W. H. Goff. A. Iten. T. E.
7anf law and legislative committee — A.
Iten. \V. McArthur. C. H. Parker. T.
Westnby, T. K. Zant.
Divorces Granted.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— May E. Chapman
has been granted a divorce from Charles
\V. Chapman on the ground of willful de
sertion. She is given the custody of the
minor child, Bessie B. Chapman. Judge
Hall has granted a divorce for desertion
in the case of Snrah H. Hiller against
Herman Hiller. She is awarded the cus
tody of the two children. Herman F.
Hiller and Earle H. Hiller. with $30 per
month alimony for their support.
BAKERSFTELD, Aug. 3.— Frank May. 13
years old. was run over by a sprinkling wagon
to-day, his neck broken and body crushed. He
was t*»e driver.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Aug. 3. — Prices for canned
salmon will be advanced at least 25 per cent
when the schedules are fixed on Aueust 10.
The pack will certainly fall short one-half of
what It was last year, and probably more.
LOR GATOS, Aug. 3.— Troop C of National
Guard ol California from Salinas passed
through town to-day, stopping for lunch at
Bunker Hill Park. After lunch they proceeded
to Bowlder Creek, where they will camp for the
nlglit.
WILLIAMS. Ariz., Aug. 3.— One of the heav
iest Htorms that has visited this section this
season was experienced here to-day. Hail
stones broke through the roof of many ot the
business houses and the floors were Hooded with
water. " .
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 3.— This afternoon Mrs.
Nau. a resident of this county for many years,
died «t her residence, at Kenwood, as the result
of Injuries received several weeks ago, when
she fainted and fell across a stove, being ter
ribly burned.
MOKELITMNE HILL. Aug. 3.— William
Wh^at, grandson of ex-Assemblyman A. R.
Wheat of this county, was drowned Tuesday
while fishing with others In the. North Fork o£
the Mnkelumne River in Alpine County. The
body was recovered yesterday.
PHOENIX, Aug. 3.— Governor Murphy has
been petitioned to pardon Charles Graff, who
was sentenced In 1S95 to ten years In the Terri
torial Penitentiary for the killing of Prestoi:
Kll», his partner In the saloon business. In Gila
County. Graff pleaded self-defense.
WALLA WALLA', Wash.. Aug. 3.— James M.
Simmons, a farm hatid. aged 34 years, to-night
shot and killed Will D. Buchanan, aged 27
years, a guard at the State penitentiary In
Walla Walla. He claimed that he found Bu
chanan In his wife's company In the Slm
ttiotir home. *
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 3.— Constables Agnew
and Trainor made a raid on tramps to-day, cap
turing twelve men. This gang has boen In
town several days, visiting the fashionable
parts of the town and making threats when a
demand for money was refused. Each will b«
given a long term In Jail.
LODI, Aug. 3.— The preliminary trial of the
two Bradys. or Brady and Helms, as one of
them now elves that at his name, was held
here to-day. Two Italians testified that Brady
and Helms had stolen their household effects.
The men were held In $3000 bonds, in lieu of
which they went back to the County Jail.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 3.— At a meeting of the di
rectors of the Cured Fruit Association to-day
H. W. Meek of San Lorenzo was elected vice
president and a member of the executive com
mittee In place of J. II. Henry, resigned. It
was decided to carry Insurance to the full
amount on all goods In warehouses. Prices
upon prunes will not be fixed at present.
VALLEJO. Aug. 3.— The Vallejo police made
a raid on the house cf Quong HI Sing & Co.,
on Sonoma street, last night, and arrested four
Chinese on the charge of violating ordinance 3S
by playing fan-tan. The officers captured the
layout and considerable money, which will be
used aa evidence against them. The Chinese
were released on $50 ball each.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 3.— Carl Moore, a
thirteen-year-old boy of this city, while riding
a bicycle down Fourth street this evening, lost
control of his wheel an<l both he and his bicy
cle plunged through the heavy plate glass In
the door of the Marin County Bank. The boy,
who was severely cut about the head, was
treated by Dr. W. J. Wlckman.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
Hopran to Elizabeth West, east line of Z..»
place. 6S:« south of Folsom. 23:3x.V>, CTKO;
Stephen J. King to James Frazer. lots 2 to 4.
14 and 15. block 494. Bay View Homestead A*
poci.-wlon, 11000; Susan K. l<oui?herty to John
S. Iirum, east line of Webster, 100 feet north
Of Ellis. DftxSO. 110.000; John S. Drum f> Pu=an
E. and John Dougherty, last preceding named
piece for tli>.CiH>; Anna M. and W, H. L.
I'.arnes to Lillian McCarthy, wit lino of
Steiner. ST. feet north of Tlnmd-way. 10x;>::o.
1*00; Paul and Louise M. Rmelhetm to Ad-Mph
I>. Hweet. ».>uth line of Vallejo. tVtlt west of
: Uroderlck, r.<>xl37:<». t>mo; John and Luna Sti«r
lon to John J. Iiraily. east line of Clayton,
street. 274 feet south of Frederick. 2«xl01:3.
$4.V>ii; Security Loan A-soctation to J. H. and
; Sarah J. Hayes, south line of Jersey, 12J f e» t
i west of Noe. 22X1I4. {2000; Joseph R. Morrison
to Sarah and John J. Hyron. south lln«» of
-lackson. SI:i5 east of I.ark!n. 137:«x27:<i. IMOO:
W. B. and A?tips K. Bourne to- William J.
| Hrady, Mission street. 4.'>:k> wst of Steuait.
43:10x137:6. 122,500; Teresa Casserly to W. Fnrik
Whlttler. west line of Steuart. 1S3:4 south ->t
Howard. 1:0%x137:6. *T,nO: Daniel V. Kelly to
I'hillp C. P. Kelly, northwest corner of Nine
teenth avenue an«l B street. £2:8xlCO. JlflOO; Luk >
liattels to Georxe Colder, east line Tenth ave
nue. 100 feet r'jrth of C street, Cxl2i>. $lf*>;
Edward and Mlna E. Brown to Carl U. Lar
.sen. south, line of Q street, 100 feet east of
Nineteenth avenue. 27:6x130. and also east line
¦ of Nineteenth avenue, 105 south of <J street, 2."jX
1000, $C0<>; Edwin 8. and Rebecca C. Tucker to
Walter W. Kelton. east line of Buchanan »tr»-t.
Prt feet south of Jackson. 3<>xl00O. *l2.<xiO: Anna
Iff. and W. H. L. Barnes to Leroy Hough,
west line of Stelner street. K5 feet north of
Broadway, 52:6x52:6. Eureka Loan Asso
ciation to John O. Roberts, south line of Green
street. 110 feet west of Scott. 27:Sxl37:«. $JQ*>:
James J. and Susan F. Greene to Harriet
Murasky. south line of Seventeenth street, iTi
feet west of Sanchez. 23x114. S2CC0; Rosanna L.
nnd Charles E. Williams to Jonathan and Jan»
Uyan. southeast corner of Twenty-second an i
Ynrk streets. W>xl<iO. C'00; C.uiseppe- and Adele
<le Martin to Stefan*> Ceregnlno, south line o£
Broadway. 91:8 feet eart of K»arny. 2o:5 a ix'ii>,
$4500; I'aclfic Mall Steamahip Company to E. P..
Ford, south corner of Kolv>m and P.eale street*.
137:6x137:6. $500; Pacific ASail Steamship Com
pany to Edward V. Imnbar, west line of !.• :i'.r
street, 92:1 feet south of Folsom. 45:5xl37:ii.
$500; D. L. Farnsworth to Sarah Connlhan.
southeast corner of Seventeenth and L*t.i*i
streets. 23x100. J2000; Elizabeth P.lackword to K.
H. Davis, southeast corner of Twenty-fifth an>:
Mississippi streets, 100x50. JJO*; Potrero Lar.ii
and Water Front Company to. F. H. Davis, last
preceding piece, I3C0: Nanyy Cook to Adolf
lloeller. north line of Lobos street. 105 feet
west of Capital. 2-"xl25. $17S; Stlllman L. ami
Rebecca Masee to Patrick Broderick. east cor
ner of San Jose avenue and Geneva street, Jinoo,
These building contracts have been
awarded:
Fanny Van de Grift Stevenson with W. W.
Anderson, for a one-story and ¦basement butM
ine. on the northwest corner of Hyde and Lom
bard streets, cost $6971: Samuel Lloyd Os
bourne with W. W. Anderson, for a two-story
and basement dwelling, on the north line of
Lombard street, 41:S west of Hyde, cost- $">2?<;
estate of Julia Van Den Bersh with J. W.
HansbrouKh and J. M. Robertson, for a two
story and basement frame flat buildin?. on
west line of Leave'nworth. 137:8 south of Bush,
cost $3f43: W. H. Talbot with James F. Lo
gan, for alterations and additions to frame
dwelling of two stores, basement and attic,
northeast corner of Jackson and Scott streets,
cost ?1424; Frank Martin with J. A. Butcher,
for a two-story frame build inn. fence anil
barn, on west line of Eighteenth avenue, ISO
feet north of I street, cost $31S3: California
Barrel Cofhpany with George Davis A Sons, t >
move buildings from Humboldt and Illinois to
company's property, between Illinois and Mich
igan, cost J205O; Maria J. Cebrlan with M. A.
de Leveaga, F. A. Williams and Robert Mitch
ell, for a two-story brick building with con
crete foundations, on the northeast corner o(
Mission and Fremont streets, cost $29,222: Dr.
Arnold Genthe with Bletch & Lansing, for al
terations and additions to two-story and base
ment frame dwelling, en the north line of Sui
ter, 24:10 feet east of Jones, cost $2479: Frederick
Heltmeyer with John H. Munster. for a two
story and basement frame building (flats), on
north line of Bush street, 22T> feet west of
Broderlck, cost $446S: James L. Flood with Otis
Elevator Company and San Francisco Xoveity
and Plating Works, for electric passenger ele
vator, elevator well. etc.. for the Nevada block,
northwest corner of- Pine and Mf^ntK-Tne'v
streets, cost $7634; Felton Taylor with J. H.
Munster and G. C. Sweeny, for two three-story
frame buildings, on the east line of Polk street,
north of Washington, cost $7Mt.
The summary prepared by the Build
ing News and Review shows that the first
seven months of 1300 lead the flrflt seven
months of 1S99 In the cost of buildinsr Im
provements In San Francisco by Jl.lM.iX
The total this year is $3,813,941 to August 1.
for 1S99, to the corresponding date. $2,687.
€79.
The week's mortgages number S3 and
amount to $132,216. The releases number
55 and reach a total of I1S4.495. The larger
mortgages are:
I^eroy Hough to the Mutual San Francisco
Loan and Assoclat m. west line of
Ptelner street. 85 feet north of Ilroadway. Z2:fx
J2:«. ten years at 7 per wnt, $3iC0; Felton and
Sereta J. Taylor to the Oerman Savings »n<i
Lean Society, east line of Polk street. 87:1<>
feet north of WfWtilnRton. WrlO^ixSt). one year
at 7 per cent. $7<X>0: Ellen J. Hyde to this
Hlbernfa Savings and Loan Society, south line
of Geary street. 137:S wert of Leavenworth.
P7:Sxl37:6. one year at « per cent. J15.CC0. The
more important releases of the week were:
German Savings and Loan Society to John and
Helen A. Landers. •outheast corner of Ortavia
and Vallejo streets. 23x112:4. KOCO: San Fran
cisco Savings Union to Abner Doble Company,
south corner of Howard and Fremont streets.
J28.0CO: Mutual Savings Bank to Henry E.
Ucthln. south line of Mission street. 234:3- west
of First, JfiCIO: Eureka Loan Association ti
Carrie S. and William il. Lawlor. south line of
CJreen street. 110 feet west of Scott. I30C0- Lil
lian L. McCarthy to Anna M. and W. H. L.
Parres west line of Stelner strset. 13T:6 north
of Broadway. I6CC0.
f-it jHE present demand for realty Is
mostly for wholesale, factory and
H warehouse properties. Attention is
called to this feature of the present
situation in the current number of the
Real Estate Circular published by
Thomas Magee & Sons.
"One proof of this," says the Circular,
"is that in addition to purchasing four
fifty-vara lots on the east corner of Sec
end and Folsom, the Union Iron Works
have added a block to their Potrero hold
ings, by purchasing from the Fair estate
block 4S5 there for $45,000. Another proof
Is that the Gorham Rubber Company, a
strictly home concern, has leased the
whole fifty-vara lot on the northeast
(northerly) corner of Mission and Fre
mont streets, for a term of years. A two
story brick structure with six elevators,
is to be erected on the lot for that com
pany. It will occupy a portion of the
•building, and sublet the remainder to
other manufacturing concerns. Another
proof Is that a local machine shop has
bought the vacant lot on the southwest
corner of Second and Vernon streets, 29S
f»et southeast of Folsom. 110 feet in front
by 156 feet in depth, and 13x110:6 in rear,
for $15,500. The lot. now partially cut
down, is to be fully graded.
"No business sales have been reported
on or north of Market street. So tar aa
dwelling property is concerned, medium
priced lots and houses and lots are at the
moment most sought after.
"The total numDer of sales made last
month was 231. of the value of $1.:M7,1'«.
The number of sales in July. IS'jO, was iiJ.
of the aggregate value of JMMll. This in
crease in July of this year in the value
of sales fairly represents the improvement
in real estate this year over last."
The Circular classifies the city and
county sales during July as follows:
Car No. 165 of the Haight-street line
cr.T^bed jnto a waenn loaded with cans of
mil. at the junction of Market and
Hh iphl streets last night, smashing the
¦wagon and cans and deluging the pas-
Bengen *iih the fluid.
The outside of the car was crowded
passengers at the time, among whom
v. a* a. number of women and their es
. >rts, who were on their way to the thea-
The driver of the wagon, whose name
5 Harry Ktii, attempted to drive in
* -nnt of the oar when the collision oc
<. urred He was thrown from his eeat,
but bravely held on to the reins, prevent
ing the hrrses from tunning away.
Many «»f the passengers looked as if
th'cv had beon in a snowstorm. Several
v. men had their costly garments ruined,
and with many expressions of regret for
their dr«9ses and condemnation for the
milkman they hurriedly left the car and
returned t« their homes.
The men treated the situation good
naturedly and after wiping the milk from
their clothes assisted the driver of the
vi-.pon in checking his maddened team.
Fortunately for Korn he escaped with a
few slight bruises.
CABLE CAR CRASHES
INTO A MILK WAGON
Joseph Canti, who resides at 112 Taylor
street, visited the Olympla Theater last
night, and while leaving the place he felt
some orite tugging at his chain. He turned
around and saw a man with part of the
chain and a pair of nippers in his hands
Canti grabbed the thief nnd after a
hard struggle turned him over to Police
man Wilson. While at the patrol box the
man feigned drunkenness and on the way
to the City Prison made his pretensions
much stronger.
When the prison was reached the man
refused to give his name and suddenly
lapsed Into an apparent unconscious state.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital
and efforts made to revive him, but with
out result. Officer Wilson says he feels
certain that he arrested the man three
years ago for a similar offense.
The piece of chain was afterward found
near the entrance to the theater. ¦
ROBBER WHEN CAUGHT
FEIGNS DRUNKENNESS
SAN FRANCISCO LODGE
HONORS GRAND OFFICER
CAPITALIST MURPHY
TAKEN TO A SANITARIUM
Young Santa Claran, Who Was
Stricken With Paralysis in
Mexico, Brought Home.
Special Di*r Ji to The Call.
SAN JOSK. Aug. 3.— Daniel J. Murphy,
the young capitalist, who was recently
stricken with paralysis at Durango, Mex
ico, was brought to San Jose this morn
ing and at once taken to the O'Connor
Sanitarium. Mr. Murphy's right side is
paralyzed. He Improved somewhat on the
trip. He lost his power of speech when
stricken, hut is now able to say yes or
no. Otherwise he is unable to signify his
wants. Peter Colombet and Dr. Thomas
Kelly went from San Jose to bring the
patient back. The trip was a hard one,
especially on account of the heat. Mr.
Murphy is slowly recovering the use "oi
his left leg and arm and it is hoped he
will soon be able to write with his left
hand so he can make n:s wants known.
His condition Is so serious there is some
doubt of his permanent recovery.
About three weeks ago Murphy was
stricken with paralysis, and when found
he was lying in an unconscious condition
before the door of his room.
Murphy Is the son of Mrs. Murphy-
Colombet, and at the death of his father
came into a large fortune.
Williams Charged With Murder.
STOCKTON. Aug. 3.— The Coroner's
jury . found a formal verdict charging
Captain Williams with killing Conductor
Billy Martin, only a few of the witnesses
called inMng reserved for the trial.
OFFICIALS FIGHTING
FOR A FAT ESTATE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 3.— A lively fight
I? on between the Public Administrators of
Sacramor.to and San Joaquin counties for
general letters of administration upon the
estate of Frederick Damke, a down-river
rancher, who was accidentally killed
last July. Damke left money in bank
and other property valued at JoO.OOt) and
he had long been a resident of Grand
Island, this county, and was such at the
time of his death. He owned a hotel at
Stockton and had $$000 on deposit in a
bank there.
A few days ago the Public Administra
tor of ¦ San Joaquin County applied for
general letters of administration and yes
terday they were granted by Judge Budd.
Public Administrator Smith of Sacra
mento to-day applied for letters to Judge
Hart of this county and the application is
being vigorously opposed by the San
Joaquin Administrator. Whoever gets
the admlnfstraton of the estate will
realize a handsome sum in fees for look-
Ing out for the interests of the absent
heirs, living in Germany.
Fighting the Scale in the South.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 3.— E. II. Rust,
secretary of the County Horticultural
Hoard, reports that fumigation of or
chards Is heiti^ pushed ahead. They are
making strenuous efforts to have the or
chards of th? <ounty cleaned up. Thou
sands of old trees that are Infected with
scale are being torn out and burned.
Twenty-flve sets of fumigating tents will
Boon be used In the county.
«7vP MONO the features of the Admis
¦X_JR Fion day parade will be the display
Ji —^ of Orinda Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West, who
will appear as the s=j>ecial guests of El
Dorado }'arlor of the Native Sons. This
I-;,rIor has in its membership many beau
til ul young ladies. They have decided to
rppear in the parade in dainty costumes
<j! pink and wi<] carry plr.k parasols.
The merchants <>f the city are generally
Impressed with the State-wide interest
iin<1 importance of the coming celebra
tion. They do not look upon it as a
tn«re Native Sons affair, but as an occa
sion which calls for appropriate observ
ance by the State. Not a dollar of
ii;.» fond" that is being collected Is to be
expended except in beautifying the city
i> iid on features of entertainment inde
jrodeat of the special programme of the
xariouii parlors. .
The California State Floral Society will
\e represented in the parade by a grand
tf<.ral float. i'lV.'\
The decoration committee has decided
t'i have five thousand lights on Market
ftrect. in addition to the illumination of
the prominent building*, such as the Fer
ry building, the City Hall and the Na
tive Son?" headquarters.
Jt is expected that the T'niform Rank.
Knights ol Pythias, will turn out In their
uniforms.
Colonel Mark L. McDonald called at
beadquvten yesterday and stated that
mittee for $5000 to carry out the pro
gramme that has been published was also
jeferred to the finance committee.
The souvenir committee suggested that
the publishing of the souvenir be deferred
until the lst'of October, but this was not
adopted. The souvenir and bulletin com
mittee was then consolidated with the
idea that there shall be got up a Joint
book.
The committee on vehicles reported that
it was inadvisable to get up a procession
of bicycles, but suggested that, in place
there be a bicycle and automobile meet
at Ingleside Park and asked for an appro
priation to put the track in condition.
It was resolved that hereafter no one
not a member of the order of Native
Sens except newspaper men be admitted
to the meetings of the general committee.
* The committee on decoration and illu
mination reported in favor of awarding
a contract for 9G00 display flags to the
California Toy Company at 7 cents per
fag. The report was adopted. The com
mittee also suggested that Kearny street
from Market to Bush be Illuminated with
electric lights. The committee on enter
tainment announced that it is arranging
for an exhibit by the life-saving crew.
The committee adopted a voto of thanks
to the Governor fnr having declared Sep
tember 11 a legal holiday.
Among the contributions to the general
fund yesterday there was $500 from the
Kmporlum. 1250 from Murphy, Grant &
Co. and $200 from Levi Strauss & Co.
Nearly $SOO0 has been collected.
a cavalcade of young ladies of Santa
Ilosa and surrounding places will ride in
the parade.
Mission Parlor has secured headquar
ters j<t the Lyceum Theater on O'Far
roll street. The place will be elaborately
decorated and during the celebration the
parlor will have a concert and a ball in
addition to receptions.
Natlonal Parlor has decided to celebrate
on an extensive scale. It has decided to
retain the uniform of black and gold
which on previous occasions has been
much admirod. It will have a handsome
banner and stand of new flags.
The headquarters of the parlor will be
! at Tet-hau If all on Mason street. On the
i niRht of Friday, September 7. the heail
! quarters are to be opened to members
and members' families. Saturday will be
devoted to general reception. The Sun-
I day attraction will be a sacred concert.
Following the parade on Monday there
j will be dancing, both afternoon and night.
The parlor's ball will take place in the
headquarters on the night of Tuesday,
September 11.
The general committee of the celebra
i tion of Admission day met last night. The
i committee on Native Daughters reported
| that the local parlors were willing to ar
range for a series of tableaux during the
days of the celebration and recommended
1 the hiring- of a hall and the allowance of
a sum -sufficient to carry out this object.
The report was referred to the finance
committee.
The request of the naval parade com-
AWFUL ACCIDENT AT THE NILSON RANCH.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3. — By the explosion
of a coal oil lamp last night Mrs.
. Bengta Olson Nilson was fatally
burned and her aged husband, Ole
Nilson, suffered severe injuries In an hero
ic but futile effort to £*ive his wife from
a frightful death. The accident occurred
at the Nilson ranch in Happy Valley, near
Lafayette, Contra Costa County. Mrs.
Nilson was brought to Fabiola Hospital
by her husband as soon as he could drive
here, but every attention of the physicians
was unavailing and the aged woman died
this morning at 7 o'clock.
Nilson and his wife were sitting at sup
per about 9 o'clock last evening when Mrs.
Nilson, in reaching across the table for a
paper, knocked over the lighted lamp. The
lamp exploded as it fell, splashing the
blazing oil over Mrs. Nilson, who was
ablaze from head to foot in an instant.
The fire spread so quickly that before Mr.
Nilson who was sitting opposite, could
rush around the table the unfortunate
woman ' was completely enveloped in
flames.
Nilson grabbed a quilt from a bed and
tried to smother the blazing clothings The
oil spattered upon him and several times
his garments were afire. He struggled des
perately to save his suffering wife, but
•when the flames were finally extinguished
Mrs. Is'llson was unconscious and dying.
The old man was badly burned about
the arms and It Is feared may suffer the
loss of his right hand from the injuries
he sustained.
While the husband was working over his
wife the house caught fire, but John Rob
inson, a ranchhand, saved It from being
destroyed.
Nilpon paid no attention to his own seri
ous burns, but wrapped his wife In blan
kets and drove twelve miles to Oakland
with the dying woman In the hope of get
ting medical attention. Dr. Larkey and
the hospital staff did all that was possi
ble, but they found that not a portion of
the patient's body had been left untouched
by the flames.
Mrs. Nilson was well known In Oakland
as well as at her home, where she had
lived for many years. She was 65 year3
old and a native of Sweden. There are
hree sons— Henry Olson and Nils Olson,
grocers of this city and San Francisco,
md Magnus Olson of San Jose. The fu
leral will be held on Sunday from the un
lertaking parlors at 4d."> Thirteenth street,
rhe interment will he in Mountain View
>metery. The Olsons reside at 706 Tenth
street In this city.
The Physician "Was in This City on
His Way Home After a
Visit to Bartlett
Springs.
I>r. G. G. Shannon, a prominent phy
sician of Tulare County, was found dead
in bed in his room at the Lick House
at 2 o'clock this morning.
Dr. Shannon had been at Bartlett
Springs for some time and stopped for a
few days In thl3 city on his way home.
He had been under medical treatment for
some time.
Dr. Shannon retired early last evening
In fairly good spirits and left orders con
cerning his proposed departure for home.
Mrs. Shannon awoke at 2 o'clock and
asked her husband if he wanted to take
any medicine. Receiving no answer she
turned up the gas only to find that her
husband was dead.
The hotel attaches were apprised of the
fact and immediately summoned an un
dertaker to take charge of the remains.
Nothing could be learned from any of
the employes of -the hotel regarding the
sudden death of Dr. Shannon. The clerk
on duty refused to affirm or deny the
fact that there ,had been any death in
the hotel, but was negotiating with the
undertaker for the removal of the re
mains. Later the Morgue was notified
of the case.
Dr. G-. G. ShaDnon Passes
Away Sometime During
the Night.
TULARE MEDICO
DEAD IN BED AT
THE LICK HOUSE
GROWING INTEREST IN PLANS
FOR ADMISSION DAY FESTIVAL
THE SAN FRA.XCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 4, 1000. ,
Blazing Oil Sets Fire to Clothing of Mrs: Bengta Nilson and She
is Fatally Burned, in Spite of Husband's Heroic Efforts.
11
ORIXDA PARLOR'S NATIVE DAUGHTERS WHO WILL PARADE.
J. O. REIS.
f I
SECTION. j? |
01
Fifty varas 23 $ 2&S.75Q
One hundred varag 22 2O3.fWO
City slip and water lots 5 222.00O
South Beach 1 3.y»)
Potrero , 11 6<V>*)
Mission Addition 1. 71 217.3U
Western Addition \ 50 22ti, 237
South San Francisco 15 8.355
Outside lands 23 23.7K0
Tax, skeleton and blackmail titles* 5 2,750
Totals I 231 I J1.2S7.133
The mortgages and releases in the
month just closed were:
I Mortg'es.
Releases.
BY WHOM TAKEN 25 > | 2 >
OR RELEASED. o 3 ? 3
Private Individuals .iW:J210,731i|13Sil 2S2,«31
Hibemla Savings and | i
Loan Society 122 337.5SSif53 227,423
Savlnes and Loan So- ,
clety 8 46.950, 7 8,700
French Savings and ,, |
Loan Society 9 22.300; I 3 6,500
German Savings and \\
Loan Society 37 13S.S0O 23 138.390
Humboldt liank » 3i.C«i 3 C.790
San Francisco Savings
Union 14 70,K.i| 31 1S5*,5O5
Security Savings Bank.. 8 19.3UO> 6 13.100
Mutual Savings Bank... IS S5.350 10 34,70)
Columbus Savings and ;
Loan Society... 4 8,552 3 2.90O
Union Trust Company 3 100,OuO
California Savings and . j
Loan Society
- . ; , : „. # i [ ________
Totals 329|$:>45.716.i2$6jU,07i>.631
f I
SECTION. j? |
01
Fifty varas 23 $ 2&S.75Q
One hundred varag 22 2O3.fWO
City slip and water lots 5 222.00O
South Beach 1 3.y»)
Potrero , 11 6<V>*)
Mission Addition 1. 71 217.3U
Western Addition \ 50 22ti, 237
South San Francisco 15 8.355
Outside lands 23 23.7K0
Tax, skeleton and blackmail titles* 5 2,750
Totals I 231 I J1.2S7.133
The mortgages and releases in the
month just closed were:
I Mortg'es.
Releases.
BY WHOM TAKEN 25 > | 2 >
OR RELEASED. o 3 ? 3
Private Individuals .iW:J210,731i|13Sil 2S2,«31
Hibemla Savings and | i
Loan Society 122 337.5SSif53 227,423
Savlnes and Loan So- ,
clety 8 46.950, 7 8,700
French Savings and ,, |
Loan Society 9 22.300; I 3 6,500
German Savings and \\
Loan Society 37 13S.S0O 23 138.390
Humboldt liank » 3i.C«i 3 C.790
San Francisco Savings
Union 14 70,K.i| 31 1S5*,5O5
Security Savings Bank.. 8 19.3UO> 6 13.100
Mutual Savings Bank... IS S5.350 10 34,70)
Columbus Savings and ;
Loan Society... 4 8,552 3 2.90O
Union Trust Company 3 100,OuO
California Savings and . j
Loan Society
- . ; , : „. # i [ ________
Totals 329|$:>45.716.i2$6jU,07i>.631THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 4, 1900.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third etreets. open
until 12 o'clock every nlcht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ZT! Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
•39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
Cli I^arkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1 Ml Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
tXl MifFion street, corner Sixteenth; open
unti! S p. m.
Yf, Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtn-cts; open tsntll 9 p. a.
3ii:i;ri\«i notices.
CALIFORNIA Oommandery No. 1. K.
T., No. s Post Ft.-- Offireis and mem- fjSj
bers are notified to assemble In the asy- tCCjj
lun; on SfXDAV, Ausust S, at 1 *&p
o'clock p. m.. for the jiurjKwe of at- v
tendine the funeral of our deceased frater.
SIK M1LO EIDNET JEFFERS. By order of
the Commander.
HIUAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Charter Xo. 5. I*. A. M., m
will meet THIS ISATrRDAV) EVEN- A.
ING, August 4. at 7:30 o'clock. .P. M. lZ JT
and M. E. M. degree*. By order -of the f^r >
_H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. c
Si., will meet THIS (SATTODAV)
EVENING. August 4. at 7;-'> nVloek. *K Jf
First dt'ijree. I'y order of the Mister. «xr »
FRAXKLIX H. DAY, Sec.
OCCIDEXTAL T»dge No. t2. F. and A. ¦
M.. will meet THIS (SATURDAY) AF-
Y::r.V •• X at 2 o'clock for the i urpose j£ jf
of atteniiins the funeral of ourdeceased f^w '
brother. MATTHEW HAMILTON, late a
member of Petaluma Lodge No. ISO. F. and A.
M . at Petaluma. Cal. Master Masons In-
vited. Funeral committees tilease take re—
tlce. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
MISSION Lodee No. 1€?. F. and A. M— ~m~
railed meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _JV
EVKNING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- YV
fcit?e. GEO. P. FLACK. Sec. /V>
HALL of rr.ity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. ««•%>
•VV.. C2 OTarrel) ft.— The funeral escort*awt£
:> hereby notified to assemble at the&fiKS
hall TO-DAY <SATI'RX>AY) at 1 WS*'
o'clock j>. ni.. to attend the funeral of our
late brother. E. A. PEPLOW*. Fines will be
Ftrictly enforced. By order of
T. W. WARD. Master Workman.
II. GRIMPHAW. Recorder.
J:! .! 'J:;, Cork Benevolent Association— Four-
tpenth annual picnic will take" place at Shell
Mound Park SUNDAY, August Z. Races and '
Fames for young and old. Prizes for every-
body. The Iroquois Band Professors ilc-
Cartby and McMahon will furnish music-.
Adults' tickets. 50c; children under 12 years
of age tree. Boats leave ferry every half <
hfur.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from F. E. Thomas. In the Gold Run
Placer Claim, near Quincy, Plumas Co.. to
df-posit talllr.es on ¦ flat: from Walter C. Rob-
inson, In the Deadwood Hill Mine, near '
Jleadcw Valley, Plumaa Co., to deposit tall- j
1r.ps In Deadwood Creek; from W. B. Meek, j
In tfce Indian Hill Mine, near Camptonville. !
Yuba Co., to deposit tal'inps In Indian Creek:
from the La Porte Consolidated Gold Mining j
Co.. in the Dutch Mine, near La. Porte. PIu- |
ma* Co.. to dejKJslt tailings in Rabbit Creek; j
frcm J. T. Birmingham. In the Strawberry |
Mine, at Strawberry Valley, Yuba Co., to de- j
posit tallirxs in a worked-out pit. and from :
C. M. Jursenson. In the Garden City Mine. '
rear Glbsonvllle. Sierra Co.. to deposit tail- I
Srps in a ravine, gives notice that a meeting j
will be held at room 19, Flood building. San !
Francisco, Cal.. en August 13, 1S&0, at 1:30 ;
r. m.
ANNUAL MEETING.
The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Werks.-r-The j
mm] meeting of the stockholders of the'Ri*- '
<!cn Ini} ard Locomotive Works, for the elec- j
tion of trustees for the en^iing year and the ¦
transaction of such other business as may be |
Trrought before the rreetins:. will be held at Hit i
t-f5ce of the company, poutheast corner of Beale :
er.d Howard sts.. Pan Francisco, on MOXDAY.
the Cth day cf August. 1000. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
IJTi.OOO to loan on diamonds, watches, silverware.
«e B iykiny cvn*. Vr.cl* Harris. IS Grant ave.
AGCXTS WASTED.
_-,^_-_-^_._-_^ r .- li - l^ l _-..-^.^^ l^ l _^_^ l ru t
BRIGHT lady agents wanted; big money. Call i
<"osTrx>:ie Parlors. 222 Turk Ft., after 10 a, m. 1
GENT of intellect desires partner for business. '¦
IiQT ~€o. Call. j
AGENTS of ability acd experience in life lnsur- j
an'*. Call at room l f >l. 997 Market, cor. Sixth, i
V'E handle newest novelties for aeents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' PI'PPLY CO.. 3461 JSth fct.
ASTROLOGY.
ERNEST S. GRKEN positively proves the Ftars
rule your fate; testimonials free; trial readings
from date birth, ''>' mail. 15 2-cent stamps;
full horoscr i<f t2 up. 1^4 Market St.. M floor.
ATTOIIXEVS AT LAW.
B. W. KING, attorney at law. S27 Market Et..
room C2T; estates, damages, attachments.
bankruptcy, collection?; all catec; fair fees;
no advance charpes; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE fr'-e; divorce law a specialty; private!
no fee without rjeces?: collections. G. \V.
HOWE, atty at law. K* Market, cor. Stockton.
FRf.'E advice; divorce laws, damages, estater,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. S14 Montjromei-y.
ADVICE free: no charge unless succefsful. W.
TV. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market St.. opp. Mossn.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Fpreekels bldg.. 827 Mar-
t ket Ft. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
CCBTEB. HERMAN J.. attorney. 127 Market
Ft., r. '2.1: open eve.. 7-8: consultation free.
AITO.MOHILES.
ACTOXOBXLE8 — FREI> WARD & SON\
Acprtf. 4C Fremont st.
B ATU ¦ CA BIX ETS.
Ri-'DINSON $.1. 4-panel folding: door opens; firm
and .safe. \y. p. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 E1IU.
BELGIAN HARES.
A KTOCB15B of flnisrdoes at low prices; bred to
our finest bucks; LORD EDINBORO (Imp.),
fee jr.; DUKE OF CLARENCE (Imp.), fee
$15: fine lot of youngsters frcm 3 to 5 months
old from Lord Edinboro and our lmportej
does, with prand color and perfect feet all
round; lull line of rabbit supplies; free liter-
ature. SAX FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE
CO. FAM C. HAMMOND. Mgr..
Offioe-Spreckels Market.
RabMtry— 3035 Fhotwell st.
LORD FASHOPA CHIEF and Lady Lumb.
first prire In England, at S14 Golden Gate ave.
CHAlfPIOX BELGIAN^ HARE SANITARY
H EA 1 KiV ARTEUS : sales dally. 1003V4 Sutter.
GCILDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO., 60S GoJ-
den Gate av., s=. F.. 5C0 rabbits for sale cheap.
UOAHDING FOR CIIlLDRK.f. %
INFANTS taken to board; pri\-ate home; spe-
cial care; pleasant and healthy place; chil-
dren 2 to 8 years boarded 110 month; San
Ltandro, Alameda Co. Apply 3 Cohen place.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board: room for parents. 439 Minna st.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board: good home. ;;^p Harrison st.
DUSIXBS3 CllAACKS.
A.— X tSt—B EST AV RANT, with ten furnished
rooms; 1 block from Chronicle; rents $47 JO;
the place clears ?125 per month. Call R. G.
•jYILKE. «tt Kearny et.
A— S7W— SAl/")ON. with pool table: close to
Call bl'ig.; rent J65; a splendid location and
good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE,
2SK Kearny st ,.-...
A-J140(>-COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Kearny st.;' place doing a business of $60 r» r
day; oth*T ensajremerte compel owner to sac-
rinoe. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— T*<X>: CORNER saloon with hall In choicest
location en Geary et.; rent J4J; lease; place
kept by owner for years and Is doing a good
raying business. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
• 26V» Ke»rny et-
A— tlW; PARTNER wanted in barber shop In
leading second-class hotel of this city; about
$i0 per month for each partner guaranteed.
¦ Call R. G. WILKE. Xhi Kearnr st.
A— flCCO— CORKER grocery s.nd bar on Larkln
rt.. rent. Including 5 rooms, $44; horse and
wagon: S years' lease; daily receipts about
SCO: owner to leave for the country; * flmt-
class and rare chance. Call R. Q. WILKE,
Ifi^t Kearny at.
A— JJOO; DELICACY and dairy produce. In Ala.
reeda: rent $»: daily receipts $12; business es-
tabl: » years. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— J17iO; CORNER grtx-ery anfl bar on Mission
rt. ; place has been kept by present owrer
lor 10 years and clearing above S120 per
month; ptock and' fixtures worth the money.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny «t.
A- Kt*— RESTAURANT and cbopbouse on
water front; rent $15; barsaln. It. Q.
WILKE. 26>4 Kearny Bt.
A-UOW; CORNER grocery and bar; established
year* and known as a money making place;
best location; close to Chronicle building. See
It G. WILKE. 8W4 Kearny gt. -
$270— PARTNER wanted: established business;
will pay yearly $C0 to J75 per month to each.
Mclaughlin & co., 7774 Market st.
$Z'.5 — BUTCHER Khop; prosperous country
town: dally receipts $43. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777V6 Market ct.- ,
FOR eale— At a bargain; 4 flrst-class saloons;
2 lodging-houses; 2 cigar store*; grocery ana
bar. Inquire at office. 930 Howard et., llc-
BKIDE & CO.. agents.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
j $300— OWNER, leaving city, .will sacrifice sta-
tionery, candy and school supply store; near
2 schools; rent $20. LAKK & CO.. 865 Market.
$175— HALF Jnterest In curtain cleaning busi-
ness clearing $:>0 l a month each: partner prac-
tlcal man; good plant. LANE & CO., 865 Mkt.
$350— SALOON, first block Market St.: worth
$1200. See LUNDIX. 17 Fourth gt.. room *¦¦
$700— SALOON: opposite Oakland ferry: worth
$900. Call LUNDIN. 17 Fourth bL. room 7.
$1(WO WILL buy a Iarne new building and large
lot; larte basement. living rooms and good
well; suitable for store or ealoon; good loca-
tion In the best mining town In Tuolumne Co.
Address box 2991, Call office^ '
PARTNER wanted in an established manu-
facturing buFinefF; state capital can furnish;
wish to enlarge business; large proflts. Ad-
dress box 29SS. Call offlce.
WANTED— Partner. $150 in a traveling, manu-
facturing and contracting 'business; unlimited
field; can clear $100 per month. See owner to-
day tud Monday, 1180 Mission st.
BAKEUS— Bakery, conducted successfully 6
years, now being renovated and fitted up,
to lei. Apply on premises, NW. cor. Twenty-
fourth and Guerrero st*.
KOR sale — A well-established millinery business
not far from city, at a great sacrifice. Apply
to HOLM & NATHAN. 512-514 Market st.
A WELL-PAYING photograph gallery In Oak-
land for Eale; bt-st of location: a Klondike for
a lir.-t-t !a.«s man. See SHILLCOCK.
COFFEE saloon and chop houee, with ten fur-
nished rooms, all rented, for sale very cheap;
socd paying business. Box 2992, Call offlce.
A DAIRY produce Ftore for sale. 1653 Mls-
glon gt.. bet. 12th and 13th; at bargain.
FOR rale— Bargain; store with nice figures
and good rooms. S21 Howard 6t.
A GOOD-PAYING ehoe shop for sale cheap;
must be sold at once. 404 O'Farrell st. "
A FINE paying store; this Is & grand chance;
will sell cheap: books can be seen; It will pay
you to investigate. 1517 and 1519 Park St.,
Alarn«-<J3.
FOR SALE — A strictly good business restaur-
ant; 100 chairs and feeding 1C0 people; bakery
using 2 barrels flour dally; horse and wagon;
lodging-house, 34 rooms newly furni«hed;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
fleld. CaL
I FOR sale— Butter and egg stall In Grand West-
ern Market. 1310 and 1312 Polk St., for Invoice
price of stock and fixtures; good reasons for
celline; call and investigate.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc. ; fine
location: place is entirely covered; contains 3
stall!-: rent only $13; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDR1CKSON & CO., 614 Call building.
j $ir>00 WILL buy a bakery and restaurant worth
, $3<XK); $200 a month profit: owner must change
[ climate. Address box 2975, Call offlce.
| BAKERY, notions, cigars and laundry; present
j owner there 6 years. 507 Third st.
I $40— CARPENTER shop, with tools: good loca-
! tlon: low rent; leaving city. 1807 Powell et.
I SHOE shop for sa'.e; must leave the city. Ad-
[ dress box 3422. Call.
i FRUIT store for sale cheap; centrally located;
! well paying; cheap rent. Box *296S. Call offlce.
I $;no— FOR sale: restaurant in Tiburon: 7 lodg-
I Ing rooms. Address MRS. LIND, Tiburon.
FOR SALE— Saloon: good business; cause, eick-
j ness. Inquire 44 Second st.
j WANTED— A partner in a good paying butcher
; businesj at 3003 Sixteenth Et.
I COFFKE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
; W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; leceived at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
! "" — *"~^ — "** ~ " ™ — ~ ""^^^ ~** "*^^^^"
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
j MARION GRIFFIN. 715 Market, nr. Call bldg.
: Many hotels and big houses. $2000 to $25,000.
i SI paying houses, 16 to 24 rooms, all prices.
] 14 good houses of 14 rooms, from $475 up.
! 48 ch»«jp houses. 7 to 12 rooms, from $250 up.
! I have 27 buyers: l'.st your house with me.
. .
I HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
honest value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers: money loaned. SCHWEINHARD & CO.,
! J"17 Market st.. opp. Mason, phone Mint 1911.
' A SPLENDID lodging-house: rooms all full:
I map; b&reain. COWING & CO., 713 Market. ;
WELL-PAYING rooming house of ten rooms; '
furniture. 130 1 * Ninth st.; call at 1 p. m.
WANTED for cash, fi-rnlshed house. 75 to 125
• rooms; must be cheap. Box 464, Call offlce.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
j HOWARD. S60— Lodglntr-house of 22 rooms.
Ca-MFAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
I MF*Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
i ry: wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
: Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
I —^— — . —^ —^— — — — — — — —
j
j CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
! WHEN you become diFgusted with poor work
j send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
j Ing Works. 333-S57 Tehama St.; tel. South 40
i J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
i 4r.3 5-tevenson st.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
(SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. M lesion 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard. laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
I ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tol. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
j Gate nve. ; telephone Kast 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOSS.
j ONE splendid Brewster carriage, gold mounted
I and harness to match: also 1 fine coupe and
; Victoria. I. H. GOLDMEYER. 1323 Green st.
I ALL kln£s of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
j etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission ft.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NETV A- 2d-hand -wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison, K8 MI»-
Fion; readings dally: 25c, 60c and $1; circle
Tues., Thurs., Sat. and Sunday eves.; 10c.
WATSON, the famous medium and palmist;
lucky and true; 25c and &Sc. 15S1 Market at.,
near Twelfth.
MRS. KOTTER, 34 Sixth st.. circle to-day, 2 &
8 p. m.: 10c; sittings Hally: O. $1; L. We. ..
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit. dally: convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.; 10c; sittings
dally. We. 127 Turk st.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses rilreajte with life reading: ladies &Cc;
trents $1; palm & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
TEST, business medium, card reader, 23c up;
German spoken. 823 Mission st.,nr.4th; ho sign.
MME. ZEREDA. the gyflsy.ls the great palmist
and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh St.; no sign.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 212H Sixth St.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921'^ Mission, op. Mint.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. & Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less guccensful. Room 310. 927 Market. St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TO LET— Cottage of 6 rooms, bath; 1306 Lar-
kln st. Apply 1318 Larkln St. ¦
COTTAGE of S sunny 'rooms,, basement, $1L
127H Morris ave.. off Bryant, near Sixth.
DEBTlSTg. ..
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extraction! done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$2 r.O up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 r» m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. Q. VV. WILLIAMSON. ,M.~ P., Manager.
A-DR. V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and bridgework: all
work warranted; plates, full set, $3; fillings,
&0c: crown, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 14 Sth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1445 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting ¦ when plates : are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. Me; gas elvea.
DENTISTS.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridge*
. and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fllllng3, 25c.
VAX VROOM— ••Painless"; evenings and S.un-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk St. "
DOG UOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore-
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50;| .ill
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 63i'.
DR. CREEL rsc. P. mange cure and worm pills
by drugglsUor at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DKKSSMAKEltS AND SKA.USTRfcSSKS
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 ' Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
S. F. dressmaking school; latest methods; eafy
terms: dresses made to order. 709 Stockton at.
REMOVED— McDowell .Dressmaking. Millinery
School to 1019 Market St., above Sixth.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Xeaa.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary st.. dresses
made. $5 up; "dresses made over; perfect tit.
MME. REMBERT, 630 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school: any pattern cut to measure.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship, $50; includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
Juet added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters.
WANTED— By expert Eastern tuner, a limited
number of pupils of either sex In piano tun-
ing; rare chance to learn this lucrative occu-
pation; terms reasonable. Address H.
EMERSON, box 2980. Call Offlce.
FRENCH readings and dramatic art— Private
and classes taught by MISS BLANCH BOU-
VIERE, Lyceum Theater School of Acting,
_310-312 O'Farrell St.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; If you want to
learn In a linnted time take' private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
XELL. room 53. Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
$25. TARR, expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. : est. 1SC4.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F., and S05 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Lsipsic; lessons 75c. 220 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr 6th.
heald;s business college. 24 Post st.,
S. F. ; founded 18C3; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT, new, furnished upper flat, 5 rooms •
and bath: 21 Oak st. : rent reasonable. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
FLAT 5 sunny rooms, J13. 127H Morris ave., off
Bryant, near Sixth.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
RENT $8; upper flat of 3 sunny rooms. 242
Harriet St.. between Harrison and Bryant,
Sixth and Seventh.
SECOND. 823—2 nice sunny rear flats, 3 and 4
rooms; rent $8 and $10; bath. yard.
TWO sunny flats. 4 and 5 rooms, $8 and 19.
254 and 2ES Jessie st.
$1S— UPPER flat. 5 rooms, bath. gas. mantel,
tubs; yard. 2261 Geary st.
$22 CO— FLAT of " sunny rooms and bath. 1226'$
Sacramento st.
fl(P.UI*PER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
St.. off Market, near Valencia.
$14—5 ROOMS, bath; new Improvements; big
yard. 271B Clementina st. .
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
gklns. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ave.
FLAT^ TO LET— FURNISHED.
FOR rent and sale— A neatly furnished upper
flat. 6 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; nice garden and summer house; will
sell very reasonably; rent $16; 1 block of 2 car
lines; in warm belt: no fog; nice nelghbor-
hood. Address box 3419, Call offlce.
FURNITURE FOIl SALE.
FURNITURE of a new 6-room flat; flat for
rent; excellent location. Address box 3201,
Call offlce.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
JEOOO wcrth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market: tel. Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP AVAI.TED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ~.
10 waitresses, best commercial hotels, $20 and
$25; 3 waitresses, clt*', $20; restaurant wait-
ress, $7; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2
chambermaids. $18 and $15: Irish chamber- .
maid, flrst-class hotel, S15; German chamber- .
maid, ?20.
FAMILY ORDERS
Houseglrls, cooke, second girls, nurseglrls
seeking positions, city and country, call and
select a position. Rnd If not suited, register
with C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
MASSEUR, sanitarium, ?30 to $35; see party
here; masseur, springs. $25 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, $30, short distance; 4 cooks,
German style, $25, $30: German cook, $35, no
wash; 7 second girls, $20, $25; Protestant sec-
ond girl, $25; German nurse, $20; French
nurse, $20; 6 fancy ironers, $30, $1 50 day; 3
restaurant cooks. $8 a week. $30; 4 waitresses,
$20, $25; 6 chambermaids and waitresses, $20,
$25. city and short distance; chambermaid and
waitress, miners' hotel, $23; a large number
of housegirls for city and country. J. F.
CROSETT, 316 Sutter st.
"CALL" WANT t ADS PAY.
Telephon»-M«ln 1065. X MEMORANDUM.
From %
PAUL KEYSER,- ..v^' £L
Seeds, Grain, Produce, etc. " <2^" •
*O6 CLAY STRICT. J ¦¦ \-f»*f ( .
oGtms 4l*.*r* / v ~'
fP -/- * *• s\ .^
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce:
j best help furn; tel. John 2121. SC6V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411U O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
I EMPLOYMENT WAATED FEMALE.
I { .^_,..-,- J -.. r ..,-, J ,
EXPERIENCED English governess desires
dally or resident re-engagement; competent to
take entire charge and teach thorough Eng-
lish, music, drawing; excellent testimonials.
Address G. B., box 3423. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman: flrst-elase
| cook, wishes situation as Independent cook on
farm or In good toardlng-house; can cook for
30 to 40 men. 725 Eighth St.. Oakland. '
POSITION wanted as saleswoman .in candy
I store: 15 years In one place: country pre-
ferred. Address Mips J. W., 472 Stevenson st.
TRAINED nurse would like the care of In-
valid or a young child; country preferred.
MISS OUISE KLECH, Lorln, P. P., Berkeley.
HOUSEGIRL. thoroughly reliable and obliging,
desires work in country: references If re-
qulred. Box 2999, Call offlce.
BY German girl to do housework. Adlr'BS
I M. B., 703 San Bruno ave.
GERMAN girl wishes general housework In the
country. 646 Howard st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 116 Sixth St.. room 6.
PLEASANT middle-aged lady, with boy of 8.
wishes situation as housekeeper; city or short
distance in country". Inquire 205 Sanchez st.
SWEDISH girl, flrst-class cook, wishes situa-
tion in American family; wages no less than
$30. Box 3415, Call.
AMERICAN woman -would like* situation as
working housekeeper; small wages, but- light
work; good references. MRS. LOU -LESTER,
San Ramon, Contra: Costa County.
RELIABLE woman, with girl 9 years old.
wishes place as cook or -working housekeeper;
city or country? Address MRS. A. HAYES.
3279 Mission st. ,
POSITION wanted by a flrst-class cook a»id
housekeeper; Al references. Box. 3421. Call.
wTnCHESTER House. 44 Third "St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms;, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; -convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, ' watches, seal-
sklns. UNCLE HARRIS 15 ¦ Grant ave. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. ' . "¦• ¦ - '
EMPLOYMEST WASTED— MALE. .
YOUNG attorney, graduate leading law col-
lege; some practical experience, desires po-
eltlon in law offlce; good rustler: will type-
write; small salary. Uox 2989. Call office. . ,
SINGLE workingman wishes steady place In
country or city; carpenter by trade. Address
box 29S6, Call offlce.
A RELIABLE man, German, wishes position
I as saloon porter or work of any kind. Ad-
dress OTTO MAYER, 254 Clara St.
A SITUATION wanted by a quiet, smart boy,
residing with parents. L.'M..'42Vj Clan st.
FOR Rood all-around cook, country hotel pre-
ferred, call or write room 308, Winchester
Hotel, Third st., San Francisco.
A YOUNG man. German, would like poMtlon
as bartender In country town; best of r«»fer-
ences. Address G. M.. 1104 Larkln St. }; .-
STEADY young man wants employment in the
city; good hand with horses, either with two
or four. Address 1028 Shotwell st.
A TRUSTWORTHY. Intelligent young man
(well-educated Japanese) would like - position
as valet to gent or lady who Is going to Ja-
pan or China; will give best satisfaction. Box
2488. Call. ..-¦;¦
WANTED— Situation by competent engineer:
Immediately: can furnish best of reference;
also marine license.' Address 27% Fourth Bt.
YOUNG Swiss wants position as gardener,
coachman and handy man about the place.
Address box 2004. Call offlce, ¦ Oakland.' .,.-'. :
$100,000. TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
*kln». UNCLE HARRIS IS Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia «t. : ' . ...-¦.
EXPERT OPTICIAN*.' .
EYES examined free; .spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
WANTED
Nurse for 2 large children; private family,
near city; middle-aged woman preferred; $20;
see lady here. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
NURSE for an invalid, $20; German nurseglrl
and sew, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOTEL waitress, Benlcia, $23. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st. '
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
WOMEN and girls for canning and preparing I
fruit; steady work; highest wages. Apply
Californian Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan St.,
between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply immediately. U.
S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., bet.
Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO'S factory, 32V4 Fremont st.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
FOR country; competent woman for general
housework and >cooklng; S in family; $20 a
month; -German or Scandinavian preferred.
Write direct, MRS. A. W. JOHNSON, Upper
Lake, Lake Co. . -. .
WANTED — Experienced young lady to assist
at wrapping counter. MARKS BROS., 1212
Market st. ¦ ' '
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
plain cooklne. 910A Devisadero St., near Mc-
. Alllster. ¦
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking; no. washing; wages $20. Call 2824
Pine st.
WANTED— Reliable middle-aged unlncumbered
woman on Final 1 chicken ranch; good plain
home; moderate pay. Address box 3000, Call.
EXPERIENCED waitress at JOHNSON'S
Restaurant. 28 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
2904 California st
GIRL, for light housework. 1135 Ellis si.
GIRL to assist in housework; sleep home; $10.
1317A Clav st. •
WANTED— A woman cook; one experienced in
. restaurant, at Will' A, 755 Market st.
WANTED— Girl for cooking and general house-
work; 3 In family. 12S3 Page st.
GIRL for general housework. Call before 10
a. m..^673 Golden ,Gatc ave. ¦
WANTED— Female cook at 608 Seventh st.
GIRL for light housework; 3 adults. Apply 377
Oak st. . * - • »
YOUNG girl to assist with light . housework:
wages $10. 2777 Twenty-fourth st. - -.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market St. - -.¦
EXPERIENCED operator* on duck coats and
pants. MAJOR CON WAY. 86 Flood building.
GOOD trimmers wanted. New York Millinery.
1208 Market st.
YOUNG girl to help around the house; $10 per
month. 1681 Page st. .
GIRL to do housework at once; family of 3;
$15 : | references. ¦ ¦ 131H Castro, ¦ corner I5~th. ¦
GIRL wanted for general housework ; ; small
family. Call morning or address 2967 Howard.
WANTED— Experienced hands .on silk ¦ and
woolen walsta. S..F. MFG. Co.. 409A Turk st.
SKIRT hands wanted at 1428 Polk gt. .
GIRL to assist In housework; wages $10 per
month. • Apply 405 Sixth st. ,'Y — -
GIRL or woman for light . housework: good
home: wages $3. 787 EtevenBon St.. off 9th.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
: good pay. 27 Jessie St.. fifth floor.
WANTED — An experienced operator on ' Singer
machine; electric Dower. 231 " Powell st. . ,v-
W ANTED— Women nnd girls to work on fruit
Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches, jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY..... ...Phone Main 5818
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want at 7 a., m. to-day .".
¦ •••• We ship free
7469 men for all parts .of California, Utah,
\\ ashlngon, Arizona, Oregon, Colorado, Ne-
vada, British Columbia anil Hawaiian Islands
Free fare and offlce fee only $l...r....
And no other expenses to Reno (Nev.) district
Los Angeles district Truckee district
Santa Barbara district Shasta district
Salt Lake City dlstrlct.Crows Landing district
banta Cruz district.... ... v .... Newman district
Dunsmuir district Bakersfleld district
Soda Springs district Madera district
San Luis district Surf district
n'V J "; 6peclal t0 Shasta County district
Rtd <llng Delta Dunsmuir
and other points good wages
and other places; we ship free free
— Come One. Come All
leamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen.
quarrymen, spikers, section hands, tunnel-
S en .', eel Bungs, etc. ; wages $3, $2 50. $2 25,
*Z, $1 90 a day and ...free shipment
it is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally to
go to different railroads. Why? Because it
costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; come see.
*«•« free
MURRAY & RfeADY, 634-636 Clay st.
¦A-": 65 carpenters Carpenters Carpenters
32 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, $3 23
day. very long job, free fare
6 carpenters tor vineyards, ranches and wine-
ries; _5 rough carpenters for building flumes,
etc., 1 ypar s Job: also many house carpenters,
wages $3 £0, $3, $2 50 and $2 a day and found;
63 laborers to go with carpenters to help, no
??- pe . r A? nce re *l ulr *d, you'll suit, wages $30,
?3o, $40 and found, 1 year's Job < .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St. ,
A — VERY IMPORTANT
Cooper, wine barrels, etc.. city $2 50 day
blacksmith's helper, city, and shoe.. $10 week
cake bakers' helpers, also boys to learn
6 teamsters for ranches $32 50 and found
10 laborers, San Mateo Co $32 and found
coachman, $30 and found; general utility
man, $30 and found; 15 men. free fare, for
trucking, etc., $40 and found and free fare,
no experience wanted ; 12 boys or men to
drive nails and close boxes, etc., city, board
home, city, $1 to $1 60 day; man to ride horse-
back and carry United States mail
•• MARRIED
Man and wife, man as laborer, wife to cook
l? r ,. men for m| ne, $50 and found, excep-
tionally good job !. ..
4 farmers and wives, see. boss here
• FRUIT PICKERS
2o men and boys' to pick fruit, $30, $26. $20
and found
general utility man, instltutlon.J3<) and "found
....RIDE HORSEBACK— BREAK STOCK....
6 men for a large ranch to break stock. $32 50
and found __
3 boys for our own office .".*."!.*
polisher, country laundry, $50 ' ' "
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt
A— FREE FARE
Mines— Gold, silver and other mines. 163 min-
ers, some single-hand, some double, some
machine and Burlelgh drillers for 37 different
jnlnes $90. $75 and $€0 and found
36j men to work about the mines as laborers,
anybody will suit, no experience required,
$60, $50. $48. $40 per month and found, come
see; fireman, 16 muckers, $60; 12 men to learn,
mining
CROWDS GOING. .MURRAY ' &' READY,"
BIG WAGES PAID 634-636 Clay st.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE TO
39 SAWMILLS, ETC
Circular sawyer, $4 and found
20 swampers, $40 and found
spool tender, $65 and found
26 bark peelers, $40 and found
gang edger hand, $60 and found
• jackscrewers
screw turner, $65 and found tree fellers
bench hand, planing mill, $S0 drag sawyer
woods foreman; sawmill foreman; band saw-
yer and all kinds of help for mills and
woods, $120 to $30 and found
ANYBODY WILL SUIT
365 laborers and men for sawmills and woods,
you'll suit, no experience wanted, $30, $35. $40
and $50 and found
4S7 woodehoppers. tlemakers. etc.. for all
parts of California, some at gold mines, $3,
$2 50, $2, $1, 75c cord, 10c, lie, 12c. 13c each,
tools and food found; 25 two-horse teamsters
for mill. $60
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARES 634-636 Clay 3 t.
A— FRUIT PICKING.. 3 MONTHS' JOB
93 men and strong boys to pick all kinds of
- fruits, etc., anybody will do. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, £34-636 Clay st.
A— COME down and get our list of 7S65 Jobs and
read our latest bulletin boards. COME
EARLY. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A— STABLES, Dairies, Farms, Harvest
FIELDS.... HAY PRESSES. ...ORCHARDS...
ETC.... COME.... SEE
35 stablemen for city and country jobs; hol-
lers, buggy washers, harness cleaners and all
round Etablemen, $55, $45, $40, t3.>, $30, $25 and
found
S>3 farm hands, etc $35, $30, $26 and found
S7 milkers and butter makers
r ..$35, $30, $25 and found
12 harvest hands, 6 hay balers $3 50 day
12 choremen and boys, $25, $20, $15, $10 and fd;
sheep herders; coachmen and gardeners, pri-
vate. MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay gt.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
36 blacksmiths, also helpers and horseshoers,
J3 to $2 a day
6 wagon woodworkers, $2 CO, $3
coremakers. $3
3 carriage makers, $3.... 6 Iron molders, $3 50
3 bridge builders, $3 50. paper-hanger
handy man around machinery on ranch, $33
and found: painters, carriage trimmers, har-
npss makers, cabinet makers, coopers and
other mechanics, $3 £0, $4. $3 $2 50 day
COME ALL I
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-WE GAVE EMPLOYMENT
1S97 to upward of 17.000 men
1S9S to upward of 19,00) men
1S99 to upward of 21,000 men
3S6 teamsters, laborers, for all parts ofCall-
lornla. Including San Francisco and Oakland, :
S3. *2 50, $2, $1 73 day. some board at home....
accountant for lumber company |
boys for factories, stores, etc.. $4. $5. $6 week;
boys to deliver circulars: farmers>and wives;
choremen and wives. MURRAY & READY,
034-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL LAUNDRY.. ..BAKERY.. Butchers*
department
4S cooks, come see $70, $60, $50, $40. $30 fd
31 welters $35. $20, $25 and found
19 dishwashers.... $30, $26, $23, $20. $15 and fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for In-
stitutions, sausage makers.' pantrymen
9 butchers $35. $40. $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants, second and third
hands; also boys. $30. $60, $40. $30, $25 and fd:
14 laundrymen, $35, $50 and found: COME SEE
MURRAY READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a Gay
300 laborers, S. P. Co.'b own work... ..$2 a day
1C0 teamsters, Bakersfleld $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Offlce fee, $1 iFree fare
Wanted for big tunnel, Chatsworth Park:
B0 tunnel men $2 to $2 50 a dav
25 muckers $2 a day
25 drillers ?. i...$2 a day
Ship dally Office tee, $1 Free fare
15 laborers, concrete work. Coast road. $2 23
day and up Fee, $1 Free fare
Gardener * and wife, $50; farmer and wife,
orchard, $35; man to care for Invalid, $30 and
"found/see party here; 6 milkers, $30; 6 quartz
miners, $2 £0 a day; 6 men for box factory.
$1 to $1 50 a day; blacksmiths, wagon-makers,
harness-makers, wheelwrights, farmers, chore
men and others
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, $40; dishwasher. $25. for same small
springs; waifleman. country hotel. $43 and
free fare; shampooer, Turkish baths, $40; 6
waiters, $25. $30. $35
Elevator boy, country hotel, $15. free fare....
2 hand ironers, polisher, starcher, $2 50 a day
each, all for same laundry, north, fare ad-
vanced: marker, country, $12 a week
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED ."
Engineer to run Ice plant, near city, experi-
ence and reference required, steady position,
$75: 4 young men or boys to pick fruit, near
city, long job, 75c day. and board; 10 coal
miners, contract or $2 50 day and free fare: 2
machine miners, $3 day; 2 hand miners nn.l .2
muckers, $2 30 and $2 day; man to drive cart,-
near city. $23 and fd.: driver for wine house,
city, $12 a week; orchard hand, $20; camp
cook, near city, $25 to $20; waiter, country
hotel. $30 and fare. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st.
wanted ...::...
Neat young waiter: night work; flrst-qlass
place: $40. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
GARDENER, Oakland. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
HOTEL tot k, count! >, $45; cock fo.* a smai;
hotel, $20. fare here; a boy to drive a wagon,^
. $20 and found. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter ft.
MAN and wife to take charge of a ranch. $35
to $40, see party here I at 10 a. m. to-day.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. •
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
marrled men between ages of 21 and 35; cit-
izens of United States; of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English; recruits are specially de-
sired for -service In Philippines. For lnfor-
•'' mat Ion apply , to . Recruiting Officer. 121 New
Montgomery st., San . Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Experienced salesman tO| sell egg
¦ food. - etc.'. through - country - on .' commission ;
must' understand poultry; horse and wagon
furnished.' 'Address Cooper,- P. O. Station L.=
WANTED— A boy about 16 years nf age. Ap-
5 ply at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S,. corner. Powell
and Eddy sts. , -'. ' - ¦ -
¦WANTED — A flrst-class window dresser. S. N."
.WOOD & CO., 718 Market St.. B. F.
WANTED— Baker, third ¦ hand ; no ' night or
• Sunday- work; must be English-speaking.
. SMITH' S Bakery. Haywards. Cal. -s : . .- -
WANTED— Smart errand boy In wholesale
house. WIENER ' MERZBACH, 105 San-
some St. - r
A COMPETENT laundryman. to take entire
charge of I steam laundry work at Mills Col-
lege. Alameda County, Cal. . » ' ..
HELP WAATED— M ALB.
AMERICAN attendant for invalid, $30 and
found: shampooer. $40; wheelwright, for coun-
try; horseshoer. city; 5 blacksmiths. $2 So and
$3 day; blacksmiths' helper, $2 day; 5 miners.
$2 50 and $3 day: 2 muckers, $2 day; driver for
milk wason, $30 and found; laborers, swamp-
ers, rigging pullers and many other men for
mills and woods, all good wages. J. F.
CROSETT Agency. 628 Sacramento st.
MAN about place and wife: private family:
Santa Clara Co.;- $50. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 623 Sacramento st. .
COOK for Central America. $50, fare advanced;
boarding-house cook. $40; steamer cook. $40;
restaurant cook, $15 week: second cook, ln-
stituticn; waiters for restaurant, $03 and ftO;
hotel waiters, {25; dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT Agency. 62S Sacramento St..
WANTED — 3 teamsters to drive carts, $2 a day:
also 5 laborers for shoveling. $2 a day; board
where you like. Call early Saturday morning,
ready for work at 9 o'clock, J. F. CROSETT,
623 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Two men and wives for nice, pri-
vate families; short distance in country; small
families: $40 and $50. Call early, J. F. CROS-
ETT, 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Young man as general utility boy
for nice bath-house. $25. Call early. J. F.
CROSETT Agency. C3 Sacramento St.
BRIGHT young boy as shipping clerk in whole-
sale house. Address, stating age and refer-
ences. Wholesale, box 20C2. Call.
A — ALTO and base players. Canteen, southeast
corner Greenwich and Lyon sts.
BARBER; from Saturday noon to Sunday noon.
131 Valencia st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday. 797 Mission
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
21 East st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and steady. 131
Third st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 715 Davis
street.
BARBER for Saturday: wages $3. 623 Clay
street.
BARBER from noon Saturday. 2814 Sixteenth,
St.. near Folsom.
BARBER wanted: steady. 108 Fourth st.
GOOD barber wanted; Saturday and Sunday;
good wages. 1310 Castro st.
GOOD barber; Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
J. CUNEO. 1406*^ Pupont St.
GOOD barber wanted at 1073 Market St., near
Seventh.
WANTED— Two good barbers for Saturday;
$3 50: from 10 to 10. 66 Second st.
TWO barbers wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 217 Fourth st.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. J. R. SMITH
TAILORING CO., 310 Bush St.
COATMAKER to work by the week. j!
SMITH. 806 Market St.
WANTED — Young boy to run elevator, $1 50 a
week and board. 233 Post St., room 1.
WAITER wanted at 204 Sixth St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
EXPERIENCED sober dishwasher. 612 Kearny
street.
WANTED— Walter with experience; not afraid
to work. 129 Eddy St., U. S. Hotel.
MAN lunch waiter, 5Cc. for small restaurant.
573 Hayes st.
BOY to run elevator; one with experience. Ad-
dress Wholesale, box 2303. Call.
WANTED— Reliable man; $75 per month; $150
required. Call LUNDIN, 17 Fourth St.. r. 7.
A BRIGHT boy can pay for an education at
Ayres" Business College by working two hours
each day.
COAT makers, coat pressers and vest opera-
tors. 541 Market Bt.
WANTED— Second baker at 2027 Flllmore st.
WANTED— Offlce boy; give reference. Box
20S2, Call. -
WANTED— recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character: between the ages
of 21 and 35 years: not less than 5 feet 4
inches and net over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Ca!., 530 K sf..
Sacramento. Cal., or 1053 J st., .Fresno, CaL
WANTED — Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the. company, at
328 Montgomery St., San Francisco. San
Francisco and San- Joaquin Coal Company.
NEW goods; quick sales; salary or commis-
sion; city or country.. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood bulldln;.
WANTED — A butcher to drive order wagon and
cut meat: must be a young man. Electric
I ¦ Market. San Pablo ave. and Thirty-eighth St..
Emeryville.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
LUNCH waiter from U till 1 p. m. 230 Pacific
street.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
50c. f:C2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th st., near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
MEN and women to learn chiropody, dermatol-
ogy by mall; diplomas. Correspondence de-
partment. 254 Sixth ave.. New York; write.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per nisht: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade;* small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary reamen and green bands;
ali parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 15
years* practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
. 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms lac to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
IIOHSRS. L1VK STOCK. K«c Kor Sail*
CHEAP horse, buggy and harness; also good
second-hand .milk wagon and one big work
horse. Apply between 7 and 9 a. m. or 4 to 5
p. m.. U03 Ath aw., off Laguna st.. betwtsn
McAllULcr an-1 Fulton.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZEIIi. Vet. Dei tlst, 605 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale— Cheap; handsome pacing mare;
well bred. SC6 Treat ave., after 6 p. m.
HORSES — Young, well broken: for alt purposes;
cheap: best In city. 721 Howard «t.. nr. Third.
HORSES WA2VTED.
GOOD team of draft horses: will expect to tnr
before purchase. Address box 2345. Call. ,
MOUSE* TO LKT.
A — PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE, 6 rooms and bath, basement and yard;
14 Reed st.; rent $14. Key 1325 Washington st.
BRODERICK. 724, near McAllister— $22 50:
modern nunny 7-room house.
POST, 2475 — Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath;
large yard; rent $20.
VAN NESS, 2102. near Pacific ave.— House of
10 rooms; modern Improvements. "
HOUSES TO LET— FUHXISHED.
NEWLY furnished house: Pacific ave., north
' side; fine location: marine view; 12 rooms.
Address box 3411. Call office. '
IIYPXOTISM.
LEARN to "control and influence others";
"professional diploma"; terms reasonable.
Address "College of Suggestive Therapeutics."
ISM Market st.. near Twelfth.
LOST AM) t'OUXD. • .
LOST— A Dassbook with the Hlbernia. Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of VIRGINIA E. SMITH or HANNAH
P. EVANS, No. 144-238.- The finder will
please return to bank. ,
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of FREDERICK MACK, No. 236-672.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOSX— A brown cow,. heavy with calf; No. 21
.'on the back. Return to G. BURGOYNE.
32d ave.. South San Francisco: reward.
JULY 17; package containing 2 rings of keys.
Return to 927 Halght st.: reward.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrio-
tlons from tl to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Grant ave.
MACHIXEIiY — Dnnelit, Sold and Ex.
FOR SALE^Machlne^shop. Inquire at 233
Octavia at., after 6 p. m.
MKUICAI. *
DR. and MRS.^ DA^^'^rMarkersT-Rel!-
able ladles' and gents' specialists; 32 years
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
flce; Jadles treated can return home the same
day; try the celebrated HINDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can uie It by cl-
rectlon*: perfectly harmlesa; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladles' specialist ; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, J3, positive cure; hems fcr patients be-
fore and durlntr confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
«6 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DK. G. W. CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles* specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-"
tlced In 3an Francl3co % for years; treated thoa.
sands of cases successfully: treatment can be
used at home: consultation fr»e. After all
¦others fail call on him. 1023'fr Mark-et st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable:
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 13 years' practice In S. K. : maternity
home: low fees. 1007^ Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs.*
practice: home In confinement: treatment at
office. J3; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' speclal-
lst; home in confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas: sani-
tarium 704 Sacramento, cor. Kearny ;advlc» free.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private homa
in confinements 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE— Th« only genuine ladles' specialist.
Oface 1113 Market st.
DR. WOXG IHM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 113 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 133-137 Fremont it.
BARS, back bars, mirror*, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures; new and second-hand; wo always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
EC complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
KAN, 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. abovo
Sixth; write for catalogue. '
A— BUYS, sells or rents grear machinery, en-
gines, boiler?, water pipe, nhattlng. pulleys,
fete. WHITELAW. 21S Spear St.
A— 100 H. P engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
A— $3 10 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 350 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A SPLENDID Mexican saddle and bridle good
as new. I. H. GOLDMEYER. 13Zt Green st.
2 FRESH younc Durham cows. Just arrived;
calves 4 days old; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
GROCERTMEX. attention— Larga fixtures for
sale chear> at 958 Howard st.
HALF-COST, finest $225 sealskin, «Ize 36. #111
trade for diamond. Box 2333. Call office.
TWO large elegant wall cases; a bargain. SO
Stockton st.
COUNTER covered with zlno: also shelves for
sale; cheap. 235 Valencia St.
2ND-HAND gasoline and -steam engines, lathes,
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale st.
2ND-HAND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. 51S Mission.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pantn. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITER. No. 2 Smith Premier; Ut»
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced price.
$75; concert records, $150. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers ; lathes ; 2d-hand. J. ' Burke, 133 Beale.
EFCOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BKECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.VTS.
WANTED— Second-hand invalid's wheel chair.
Address 1516 Mission St.
WANTED— Boilers. 54 Inch by 18 ft. KROGH
MFG. CO.. 9-17 Stevenson st.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton st.
IF you wish full value Tor your cast-oft clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
MONEY TO LOA.*..
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; S per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages life Insurance. Room 18. first floor.
Chronicle bldg.. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on dlamrfcids. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rate. BECKER & CO., 2S Montgomery.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
€S and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
MOST reliable rlac<* to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny St., room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
$300.0CO at 6 per cent In sums to suit In city: also
$130,000 on large ranches: also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON'. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount on furniture and pianos: -3 per
cent: no removal; no com. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bljr.
ON furniture, pianos; 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. • Wilson, rm. 1P1, 8 Eddy st.
ANY sum. 1st or 2.1 mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. ««5. Examiner building.
H. MURPHY. 620 Market st.. solves all kinds oj
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
in.lorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos without removal; no com-
mlsslon; private. LICK. US McAllister Bt.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL I.\STItUME.\TS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAnTcLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAT any time within three years
and full purchase price allowed: the best
maker* of every grade to select from: beauti-
ful new uprights $6 cash. $G per month; some
good pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sta .
Sim Francisco, corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth st., Oakland.
THERE is only one "best" piano for people to
buy. and that Is the Decker & Son. Full stock
at MAUVAIS Music House. 7S3 Market ft.
IF you want to rent a good piano cheap we
can suit you: If you want to buy on Install-
ments we will please you: try ua. MAUVAIS
j Music Company. 763 Market St.
WE have the handsomest line of piano covers
ever shown In the city; call and see them ancl
get our very low prices. MAUVAIS Muaio
Ct>mr.any. 763 Market st.
AS usual we offer some fine bargains.
One Steck Upright, walnut case; like new
One Weber Upright, walnut case; new.
One Fischer Upright; In fine order.
One Sterling Upright; mahogany case
One Neumann Upright; very good.
One Curtaz Upright: oak case; excellent. :
Prices from J13j up; $5 per month.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 1« O*Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou*»
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CH*«jp"q
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest- everv-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
REMOVAL of Kerffe's piano store from Van
Ness to 933 Market, bet. 3th and 6th nw
Hal- Bros.. & will continue reduction Sale^or'
2 weeks; open ev'ngs; call and get low prices.
VIOLIN strings: never wet; best in the world-'
making and repairing of all kinds of muslcai
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary £
BARGAINS— Stelnway, Chase Harriman rw>
ln S Bros. DEWING CO.. FIood^Bng*
FINE large upright rosewood case three Dedal
cheap for caaV 3643 Eighteenth sC
ELEGANT, new three-pedal upright- sail fnr
$150 or rent V 50 month. 342 nfaroy ff
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO an p n ,t .t •
Hardman. Conover «d other plane/ 0 "'Flozv of Rivers.
. ¦ . |
Branch Hydrographtc Office. U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
Aujrust 3. 1900. :
The time ball-on the tower of, the new Ferry
bulldlrK was dropped. at exactly noon to-day—
i e., at noon of the I20th meridian, or at 8
o'clock d. m.t Greenwich tlme.\
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. IT. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Sun , Moon and Tide.
SATURDAY. AUGUST 4. , •
Sun rises; ••••• • ...5:13
Sun sets 7:16
MoCin sets 11:52 p. m.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jennie. and Charles J. Slebert. Josephine Oil
ier Peter. Kittle. Frank and Annie Brand to
Domenieo Bradasich and Bozo rtaddlch, lot on
N line of -Fulton Btreet, 110 E of Lasruna, E
27:6 by N 120; $10. •* ,
Morris or Maurice E. and Esther Asherson
to Susanna Asherson. lot on N line of Sutter
street. 137 :S E of Webster. E 27:3 by N. 137:6;
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
Tobelman, lot on SW corner of Nineteenth arid
Shotwell Btrcets. S 35 by .XV 90; $— .TS^^Szigg
Mcritz and Kate Nussbaum (Sutro) to Mer
cantile Trust Co. of San Francisco. - undivided
1-6 of lot on N line of California street. 87:6 E
of Montgomery. E 25 by N. 114:4; $10.
Fanny Van de Grift Stevenson i to Samuel L.
Osbourne lot on N line of Lombard street. 41:J
AV of Hyde. "\V 95:10. N. 137: «, E 40. S 60, E 40.
S 20. E 10, S 15, E 5:10, S-42:6; gift..
Patrick Kelly • to ¦ Joseph A. : Conroy, lot - on
S " line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 175 E " of
Clement street, E 25,'S 106:10, N\V^23;l»i. W
'104:2%;: $w. ¦ „ ; ¦
George H. AEhton to Solomon Getz, lot on E
line of Fortj--sixth avenue, 150 S of L street
S 75 by.E 120; JIO/
Thomas Cullen to Bridget Cullen; lot 10, block
14. Sunny Vale Homestead: gift. '
Edward and Harriet L. Simons and Charles
E 'and Lutie W.-, Font-io Simons-Font Brick
Company, lots 1 to 14, block 8, Pioche and Rob-'
inson subdivisions; $10. •
Stephen J. King to James Frazer. lota 2 to
4 14 and 35, - block 4M, Bay View Homestead
Association; *1000...«- ¦.--¦-•
Ax^lvand ¦ Clara'. W. Strandburtr (by Charier.
H Dwindle,, commissioner) -to- Isaac Ellaser
lot ¦ £, block R. •: Park - Lane Tract Map No. ¦ 5 ;
$544. ' ¦.' ¦'¦ ¦ - ' ¦ ~~ ¦¦:¦' : ' ' ¦ : " ¦•<¦>
Isaac. and Emily Eliaser. to Martln.T. Bor- :
geson, same; $10/ ¦ / '" - ¦" •»-. : .
-Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company to
Pacific • States ¦' Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, lot on N line of Bush street, 137:8 W of
HOTEL AERLVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R A Stuart t Seattle
R C Swinburne. Or
Dr E R Swinburne £c
w. Or
W James. Bakersfleld
W II Hammond & w,
Visalia
P F Wood. Tulare
A T All'n, Pa
W J Berry. Cap! tola
B S Jarrctt &. W, Los
Anjeles
Miss A Garfleld. Chgo
C R Moffatt &.w, Los
Anreles
A V Johnson. Capay
A E Nourse, Capay
G W McFadyean. Pa
Mrs S M Dyer. Denver
Miss W E Alexander,
Denver - ¦
R L Mitchell & w,
Pa'wpon
K V Munroe. Victoria
MiM F Bartholomfw,
Oregon
J B Lndd & w. Stktn
F D Allen. Spokane.
O M Thumler & w. Ill
A B Miller & w. Sacto
R T Spencer &. w. N Y
H A Jastro. Bakersfld
C A Hoffer A. w, H Rsa
F E Lane & w. Stktn
E L Wilhoit & w. Stkn
A Leach, II<»ppner
Mrs La Boyteaux, Cal
R II J> locum & w, N Y
Mrs T W Helntzelman.
Paoramento
O K Wood. Dutch Flat
J A Day & w. S Brdno
C F Stoeekle, U S A
K Mackenzie, S Jose
G A Montgomery & f,
Los Angeles
M R Keef. Salinas
B Mackenzie, Scotland
A R Gilchrist, N Y
H Sohocker, Seattle
Mlrs Thompson. Stktn
A F Kollinger, Cal
E J iFhnm, Cal
R B Burns. L Angeles
C Stedmnn. L Angeles
W K Woolsey. S Rosa
C W Adams. Cal .
S N Hodeklns, London
MIbb Wilhoit. Stockton
|J H Thompson, Stocktn
U H Prentisg & w.MIch
PALACE HOTEL. .
B Crowell, Clevelnnd I
F B Burrow, Ltl Rock
T F Willard, London
J H Wilson. USA
J H Reeves, USA
G S ("Jurner. USA.
It Alloyal. IT S .A
W A Brewer. S Mateo
W Elawer. NY
J A Marrum, Portland
J V Oilley. Ariz
B Wlnslow. Ind
M P Hughes, B Ayres
Miss Walley, Portland
C B Sharey, Fresno
Miss Bernard, Cinn .
Miss Bohen. Cinn
C J Kipp, Newark.N J
F Ivancovlch.Angls Cp
H II Brandels & w,
Omaha
F F Gault, Taeoma |
Miss' Walton, N Y
F G Marcus, Mnl Park
C O Howsrd,\cal
Mrs H Uhl, N Y
J W Uhl. NY
F H Merlbury. N Y
F 8 Buttle. N Y
J J Lowenthal. L Ang
J K Newston, L Ang
WL Valentin*. L Ah*
R H Herron. Los Ang
G Kimber. Los Ans
J Oppenheimer. L Ang
O Freund, Chicago
it Eichelbaum, N Y
P McDowell, Stanford
G G Gay & w, L Ang
F L Gay, Los An*
K W Frost & w, Cinn
Miss Gllllg, N Y
J Siege! & w, N Y
J Kelly & w, NY
Miss Kelly, if Y
F Cochrane, Denver
J W Wilson. Rediands
*. NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Hamlin, Sacto
D May, Manila
W R Sullivan. Arls .
Rev A M Grussl, Ind
J H Tilklnson. New..'
Zealand
W Kins. N Zealand ;
A Sharp. N Zealand j
.1 W Hughes. Calistoga!
L Lake, Mei«.BQ ..
J Kelley, Stockton
M B Robles, Stockton
T H Degnan, Stockton-
Miss K Dibble, Portld
W S Vernon, N C
P L McGhee. N C
Mrs A Dodson, L Ang
J S Snead & fy. Ariz
J N Wiekham, N Y
O Lareley. Boston
Shipping Intelligence.
Oceanic S Co.. 103^105% Geary-st .50 —
Om C Ry 6e..l2^i — Market-st 64>4 —
P & Cl Ry 6s.lD3>4 — O S L & H.... — —
P & O R R 8s. 115 — IVesldlo — 22«-4
Powell-st R 6s.l2O — Powder Stocks-
Sac El G&Ros. 9SV»101 California 155 16IH
S F & FJV5s.ll9>,4 — C.iant Con Co.. 87 87^
S R of Cal 6s. Ill 1114 VlRorit 3', g 314
5 P of A 6s...lll»,illlVi Sugar Stocks—
6 P C 6s(l!»«;). — lit flana-S P Co. 8 8>i
Do (19<'«>) ....112 112% Haw C & S Co S7 —
Do (1912; ....lWi — Honokaa S Co 31 31«i
5PRCl.«t Bnt5s. — «^ Hutch 8 P Co 23 l « —
P P Br 6s....l32*;i33^ KUauea S PCo 13U —
S V Water 6s. 115 — Makaweli S Co 45 46^
Do 4« ........ 102 l 4102% Onomea S Co. 26Vi — '
Do 3d mtg..lO2 — Paauhau S Co. *)*i —
Stocktn Gas Ss 9014 — Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks^ Al Pack ABsn.117 117>;
Contra Costa.. 67 67>i CbI Fruit Assn 9S SS^
Marin County. ZO — iMer Ex Assn. 97 loo |
Spring Valley. 94% 53 Oceanic S Co. 92 93 .
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 2 — I
Cent G & L Co — — Pac C Bor Co.150 — j
Cent L & P Co 4^4 5 Par Paint Co... 12«i — '¦
» Mornins Session.
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con, s 90 S7 09
10 Giant Powder Con, s 90 ?6 87V4
$1000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 106 75
35 Oakland Gas 43 50
21'} San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 54 CO
6 Spring Valley Water 95 no
60 Vlporit Powder 3 25
Street—
200 Honokaa S Co 3100
225 JIutchlnson S P Co 25 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
15 Market Street' Railway «1 25
10 Market Street Railway, s 3 64 2S
J3000 X P C R R 5 per cent bonds ..106 75
20 Onomea Sugar Co >..»..,. 25 SO
20 Pacific Gas Imp 50 75
35 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 54 00
Street—
$7000 Oceanic S S bonds 105 25
200 San Francisco Gaslight 5 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
400 Home Oil 4 70
100 Homo Oil. b 30.. 4 70
500 West Lake 50 00
9 San .Toaquin Oil & Development 4 00
Street —
600 Independence IS
MINING STOCKS. •
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Challenge 2Sf 5tf0 Op'nir «
100 Con Cal & Va 1 50 100 Potosl -14
400 Crown Point... 17 400 Yellow Jacket. 33
100 Mexican IS 1
- Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha OS 100 Confidence .... 1 10
I'M Alpha 09 100 Gould & Curry 23
100 Belcher 21 300 Ophlr 7t
S00 Belcher 25 100 Poto«i 15
600 Best & Belcher 23 300 Hep Belcher 04
300 Challenge 32 200 Silver Hill 64
300 Challenge 31 300 Silver Hill «5
400 Con Cal & Va I 55 500 Yellow Jacket. 35
1000 Con Imperial.. 02 100 Yellow Jacket. 36
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Andes 11 1 200 Challenge Con. 31
200 Belcher 23 300 Chollar 15
600 Bullion 03 100 Confidence 100
BOO Bullion ........ 04 1200 Crown Point... 18
.50 Caledonia 83 S00 Savage • 13
6fi0 Challenge Con. 25 200 Sierra Nevada 2<t
BOO Challenge Con. 26 200 Union Con 22
300 Challenge. Con. 27 400 Yellow Jacket. 33
100 Challenge Con. 29| 200 Yellow Jacket. 34
300 Challenge Con. . 30!
Afternoon Session.
BOO Alpha Con OS 600 Justice Og
200 Belcher 23 200 Mexican is
SOO Challenge Con. 30 200 Ophlr 71
600 Challenge Con. 31 200 Overman 12
300 Chollar 15 200 Savage u
400 Chollar .... v .. 16 300 Sierra Nevada. 2fi
150 Confidence ...1 17 'j 800 Union Con 23
200 Crown Point... 1* 500 Yellow Jacket. 35
150 Hale & Norcrs 21
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Mpha 08 09 Justice 07 OS
Alta 05 06 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 10 12 Lady Wash 02 —
¦ Belcher "23 2S Mexican 18 20
Dest & Belcher 21 23 Occidental C6 OS
Bullion ......... 04 05 Ophlr 72 .73
Caledonia 80 ; 86 Overman 10 11
Chollar... 15 16 Potosl 14 15
Challenge Con.. 30 31 Savage 13 14
Confidence 1 10 1 IS «corpl6n 02 —
ton Cal & Va..l 60 1 55 Peg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada.. "26 27
Con New York. — 04 [Silver Hill 64 65
Eureka Con — 50 St Louis......... — 16
Crown Point 17 IS Standard 4 30 — •
Exchequer 03 03 Syndicate 07
Gould & Curry 23. 24 Union Con 22 23
Hale & Norcros 22 24|l3tah 09 10
Julia ............ — 03iYellow Jacket.. 34 33
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey_
Times, and- Heights -of High and Ldw
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
FrancUco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The /-high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes - later than at Fort Point :
the height of tide is the same at both places.
ARRIVED.
Friday. August a.
U S stmr Iowa. Hooper, 3 days from EsquJ
malr.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. 50 hours from San
Etmr Brunswick. Andresen, n hours from
Eureka; hound south: put in to land passen
gers.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen. 13 hours from Needle
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. «5 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Badger. 26 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 14 hours from Fort
Brapc. , .«
Stmr Alcatr.iz. Carl?on. 14 hours from Green
wood: bound for San Pedro; put in to land pa«-
Bengers.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 73 hours from Willapa
Harbor.
Br s'mr Bristol.- Mclntyre. 86 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson. 24 hours from Usal.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. 23 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Nettle Sundborg. Anderson. 18 hour*
from Mendocino.
Schr Volunteer, Bressem, 47% days from San
Marcos Island.
Barge Santa Paula. Nielsen, — hours from
San Pedro.
CLEARED.
Friday. August 3.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Jap stmr America Maru. Going, Hongkong-,
etc; W H Avery.
Bark Edward May, Hansen, Honolulu; Alex
ander & Baldwin,
Schr John G North, Austin, Mahukona.
SAILED. "V. ;
Fridajr, August 3.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. San Pedro.
Stmr Bonita. Nicolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, .
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey, Chemalnus.
Jap stmr America Maru. Going. Hongkong
and Yc'cohama. via Honolulu.
Pchr James A Oarfield. Lewis, Coos Bay.
Schr Archie and F.ontie, Johannscn, SU.warts
Point.
Schr John G North. Austin. Honolpu.
Schr .1 M Griffith. Arey. Port Hadlock.
Schr Daisy Rowp. Kyman. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC."
POINT LOno.S, Aug 3. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 1? miles.
• MISCELLANEOUS.
Per Chll war stmr Cfeneral Baquedano — On
July 1. in laf32 09 X. Ion 142 39 W. passed a
floating topmast vrith rigging and all.
v DOMESTIC PORTS.
WALDPORT— Arrived July 13— Schr Ame
thyst. h\ice, July ST
BAXDUN. Or— Arrived Aug 3— Schr Confl
nn/.a. henc-i July 14.'
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug S— Stmr Stats of Cali
fornia, hence Aug 1: Br bark Bowman B Law
from , i'okohama. Aug 2— Br ship Cedarbank.
from Hcnzkonr. ¦
COOS KAY — Arrived Aug J— Schr Gotama
hence July 19.
TILLAMOOK-Salled Aug 2-Stmr W H Kru
ger. for San Krancisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Aug J— 8chr
Newark, hence Aue 1. .
Sailed Aug 3— Schr Corinthian, for San Fraa-
Saiied Aug 3-Schr Reliance, for San Fran
cisro.*'*Z?U3 nynTWMwimaiMi
USAL— Sailed Aug 2— Schr Rio Rey. for San
Francisco. «
DUTCH HARBOR— In port July 25— Stmr
Lakme and ship Jabez Howes...
SEATTLE— Arrived Aus 3— Br bark Sussex,
from Honolulu; utmr Farollon. f:ora Skasruay
Sslled Auk 3— Stmr Al-Kl. for Skaguaj ; stmr
Ellhu Thomson. f«r Cape Nome.
Arrived ,Aug 3— Stmr Newsboy, from Cape
• PORT TOWNSENP— Arrived Aug J— Bktn
Quickstep, from Honolulu: ship Abner Coburn.
from Hongkong; Br ship Howard D Troop,
from Shanghai; Br bark Sttllwater. from Ma
nila. - •-: x* 1 •*••!"
Passed' Aug 3— Etmr Newsboy, from Cape
Following U a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 60 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. Lipplncott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey:
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
TO SAIL
TO ARRIVE
Nome, for Seattle; »chr Sailor Boy. from Cape
Nome.
Sailed Au( 3— Sehr Volante. for San Fran
cisco.
Ptissel ud Aug 3-Ship Abner Coburn.
Sailed Aus 3— Br stmr Almond Branch, for
Manila.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Auk J— Bktn Gard
in«r City, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aue 3— Bktn Monitor, from Cape
Nome.
GREEXWOOD-Sall'd Auc 2-Stmr Alcatraz.
for San Pedro.
PORT HAtJLOCK— Sailed Auj J— Stmr Des
patch, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aus I-Stmr Orizaba.
hene* Au< I; stmr Fulton. hence> July 31.
Sailed Aus 2— Stmr Brunswick, for San Fran
cisco: .schr Mary Dodg^. for Newport «S>.
Sailed Aus 3— Stmr Orizaba. forNSan Fran
cisco. ¦ -
NEAII FAY— Paswrt Aug 3— F.r ship Hoirant
D Troop, from Shanghai. for Tacnma: Br bark
Stillwater. from Manila, for Port To-wrnsend.
Passed Aug " — Barik Gatherer, hence July 13,
for T»ffma: bark Levl G Burgess, hence July
24. for Taeoma; stmr.Ellhu Thomson, from Se
attle, for Cape N'om«; schr Excelsior, from Port
Blakelpy, for Newport <S).
POUT GAMBLE— Arrived Aus J— Schr Ida
¦ Schnauer. hence July 15.
FOREIGN PORT?.
STPNET-Salkd Aug 2— Stmr Marlposa, for
San Francisco.
HAKODATE-Salled July Sl-Fr bark Anjrva.
for San Francisco.
XAXAIMO— Arrived Aug 2— Br stitir Robert
Adamson. from San Piep?.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— In port July •-Br »h!p
Crocodile, for £an FrancUco.
TABLE BAY— In port June 21— Br bark Blalr
hoyl#. for Oresron.
ANTWERP— In port Jun* 22— Fr bark Cas
sard. for'Oreron.
MANCHESTER-In port July iZ-Tr bark
Jules Verne, for Oregon.
OCEAN STEAMEKS.
NAPLES— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Ems, fr^m
New York.
GLASGOW— Failed Aug 3-Stmr Carthagen
lan. for Philadelphia: stmr Laurentlan. for New
York.
LONDON— Sailed Aug fc-Stmr Mesaba. for
New York.
MOVILLE— Sailed Au? 2-Stmr Astoria, from
Glasgow, for New York.
Ql'EENSTOWX— Sailed Aus 3— Stmr New
England, from Liverpool, for Boston.
Arrived Aus 3— Stmr Lucania. from N«w
York, for I Liverpool, and proceeded.
SOITTHAMPTON-Salled Aus J-Stmr Au-
I gusti» Victoria, from Hamburg, for N.i»w York.
. via Cherbourg.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 3— Stmr Roland,
from Bremen; stmr Columbia, from Hamburg,
etc.
BOSTON— Arrived Aug Z— Stmr Ultonla. from
Liverpool, via Queenstnwn.
James, Paul C. and Annie S. McCourtney.
Margaret M. Hughes (by J. H. Hughes, attor
ney) and ilary A. Beldin to Alfred I. McCourt
ney. lot on E line of Telegraph avenue, distant
SW 225- from intersection of E line of Tele
graph avenue with N line of lands of Mrs. M.
P. McCourtney, thence SE 140, NE 84.32. NW
140, SW 86.06 to beginning, being portion Plat 12.
R&ncho V. and D. Peralta, Oakland; also lot on
E line of Telegraph avenue. 103.60 S of Fortieth
St., SE 149.50, SW 256.70. NW 149.53, NE 255.S0 to
beginning, Oakland; $10.
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to L. T. Robert?,
lot IS and E 10 feet lot 19, Map of. Knox Park,
subject to a mortgage for $2500, Oakland; $10.
Frank G. and Francleco Matozo to Antone
and Marion Caton. lot 41 on Map of Smith's
Subdivision San Leandro. Eden Township; $10.
H. G. Brlggs to Stephen Petchauer, lot on W
line of Kennedy street, 60 S of Frederick, S
25 by W 125, being lot 3, block B, Map of Cam
den Twenty-third Avenue Tract, Eatt Oak
land; $10.
Omar J. Humphry to Elbrldge S. Hovey. lot
on N line of San Jose avenue. 400 W of Twenty
first street, formerly Willow street. W 50 by
N 150. being lot 1. in £ Vt block M, Map of
property. Pioneer Homestead Association, Ala
meda: $10. . - .
Nicola Grondona to Emma V.'A. Durant, lot
22, block A, on Corrected Map 1 of Linda Rosa
Tract." Brooklyn Township (to correct 732 d
140); J10.
H T. McCarter to Lillle A. McCarter. lot 41,
on Map of Forest Park Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; gift.
Cornelia E. Van Amringe to Elizabeth H..
John E.. Cornelia B. and David Van Amrinse.
lot on SE Una of Ninth avenue. 130 NE of East
Twenty-fourth street, NE 50 by SE 150, being
a portion of double block 149, Clinton, except a
strip 2 fe-=t wide by 150 feet, conveyed to F. C
Carlson, off the S\V side of above. East Oak
land; ?100.
George J. Wagner (by Theodore Wagner, at
torney), to Charles E. Williamson, lot on NE
corner of Alcatraz avenue and block 1, Central
Park Tract, N 100, W 40. P 100. E 40 to begin
ning, block 1, on Map of Central Park Tract.
Berkeley; $50.
C. E. and Jennie Williamson to Robert Wan
nenmacher, same; $75.
Paul Mager to Wichman. Lutgen & Co.. lot
18. Map of Lamp Tract. Brooklyn Township;
$10. i I -
Pacific Improvement Company' to Ernaet
Whalley. lot on W line of St. Charles street.
200 N of Buena Vleta avenue, W }29:11 by N
23. being a portion of lots 14. 15 and 16. block
K. on map of property of Columbus Bartlett.
Alameda; $10. . ¦
Walter G. Tlbbetts to Grace- C. TibbettR, lot
on E line of St. Charles street. 317:6 S of San
Antonio ave., S SO by E 150, Alameda; gift.
A. Levy and William Lewis (trustees estate
Ro«e Auerbach) to Flora Auerbach, lot on N
line of Twenty-second street, 513:1 E of San
Pablo avenue, E 23 by N 129:4}i, being .the E
V* of lot 43, Tuttle Homestead Tract, Oak
land; $1.
Alamcda County.
Sansome, W 68:9 by N 137:6;' also lot on E line
of Mission street. 70 N of Eighteenth, N 23 by
E 100; also lot on S line of -Page street. 106:3 E
of Scott. - 25 by S 137:6; also lot on NW line of
Jessie street. 175 NE of Sixth, NE 50 by NW 73;
also lot on N line of Sutter street. 117:6 W of
Hyde, W 20 by N 77:6; also lot on NW corner of
Pine and Stelner streets, N 30 by \V 100: $150,000.
- ¦ ; . - - • - - - . .
THE SAX FRANCISCO^ GAiLL,, SATURDAY, AUGUST 4, 1900.
the early morning tides are riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day «.i the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last title of the day. except when there are but
threw tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sisn (— ) precedes the height,
and then* the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of th» lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
13
Steamer. * I. From. I Du».
From.
I Du«.
Proitreio |Tacoma IAujc. 4
Tltania JN'ar.almo Aug. 4
Orizaba Ulumboldt 'Aug. 4
XewburB |Pan Fr-dro .jAufr. 4
UrratlllJi (Victoria _|Aur.. j
Coos Bay |Newport IAur. 5
Matteatvan ITacoma [Aug. 5
Wellington Comox Aug. ."
Sanfa Cruz Seattle Auy. 7
Kureka Humboldt.... An;. 1
City of Para New Ycrk Auk. "
Corcna San Diego Aug. 7
Empire Coos Bay Ausr. 7
State of Cal Portland Aug. 8
Bonlta N'ewport Aug. 9
Crescent City .. Crescent City Auk. 3
Arcata Coos Bay.-. Auff. 9
City of Puebla. I Victoria Aiir. 10
Point Arena.... I Point Arena I Aug. 10
Santa Rosa |Pan DieRo JAur. 11
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Newburg ..[Grays Harbor|AuK. ' 4. 3 pm! Pier 13
Walla \V... (Victoria I Auk. 4. II amiPler 9
Areata (Coos Bay lAug. 4, 12 m! Pier 13
Czarina ....(Seattle |Aug. 4, 5 pm|Pler 8
Santa Rosa -San Dlejro (Aug. 5. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt .jAuc. 5. 9 am Pier 3»
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Aug. 6. 3 pm Pier 2
Columbia .. (Portland Augr. 6, 11am Pier 24
Orizaba ....| Humboldt Aug. «. 2 pm Pier 9
G. Dollar.. [Grays Harbor Aug. 7. 12 m
Cocs Bay.. Xeuport Aujt. 7. 9 am Pier 11
Curacao ... Mexico Aug. 7. 10 am Pier 11
J. Kimball. Cape Nome... A tier. 7, 3 pm Pier ?
Eureka ..,. Humboldt lAur. ?. Warn Pier 13
San Bias... New York 'Aur. 8. 12 m PMSS
Alameda ..Australia. Aug. 8. SamtPter 7
Corona San Diego 'Aug. 9, 11 amlPl^r It
Umatllla ..IVlctoria (Aug. 9. 11 am'Pler 9
Bonlta""....j Newport JAug. 11. 9 am!Pler H
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELL.YS FEKRT.
**" . I Second Feet.
DATE. " 1 1—
1S99. I 1900.
July 22 4360 33H0
July 23 4170 39S0
July 24 4170 39S0
July 25 4170 39<!0
July 26 4170 ."WSO
July 27 4170 I S3S0
July 23 4170 | 3S05
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OA K D A LE.
I Second Feet.
. DATE. f ;
I 1599. 1900.
_________ __________ |
July 22 220 ) 175
July 23 ". _(55 j 175
July 24 265 I 173
July 25 • HO I 17X
July 28 220 I 175
J«Jy rj «» wo
July 2S j 175 I 175
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
! Second Feet. I —
DATE. ' 1— ]Mn' x Co. I Total
1S99. 1900. j Canal. 1300.
July 22 5M 410 12 4*3
July 23... 514 410 13 4;;
July 24 514 25<> j 12 2«2
July 25 ' 514 330 12 ! S4»
July 2« 514 190 12 : »02
July 27 514 140 12 153
July 28 434 140 j 1; I 151
SAX JOAQVIX RIVER AT HKRNDON*.
.DATE. -|_ Second Feet.
. 1S99. 1900.
J u j>' «••••: 1223 I 93
July 23 122.-, 955
July 2< 106O I 955
J "!>'25 '. 1060 I 640
July 26 ji70 I *40
July?" J225 ! S40
J"'y IS 9J5 I 540
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
I Second Feet.
DATE
1893. 1900.
I t —
July 23
July 13
July 14
July 25
July 25
July 27
July 23
972
908
Ml
972
972
SOS
849.
io:s
908
1244
7SO
72*
I7«
I 67$
f MCSICAL INSTnUMEXTS.
A FEW more p'e^cs put on sale for storage;
J't jour or.n pride; also Spencer's .retired
»-.-Kk. -Wiiffonrs storage. 1710 Market Et.
J '-Ji^t 10 " v ' (1 - i: ' s . eftbenC oM and new. H.
--_-_! -*tHi maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OX:; Fir.'r.-n.ij- j Chickerir.g. BOO; installments
:-t*'t«>-»t0;'rcat <8 up. ITBpggB. 135 Ellis st.
J!!_»)1VT1ON (olIc: m>w "pianos: Sj payments:
:¦ r rt-nt. t? up. r.KIHXN. l-CK Port ft.
OFF1CISS .".XIJ MOKI>- CO LKT.
TO r<T.;~ nostrjurant. barbf-r shop and clsar
«t*Mj; .-,i-. &. P. dPi-.t. 655 Fcuich >-i.
VOR ront — ITAffrf.r.t oTlleea and rooms in Y. M.
C A. liMg.: all moilern !tij;«. ; re:it very 1<jw.
TO rfr.t-Modcrn H»rr: well lighted: ZSxlfO:
rent reasonab?p. C2s Hayes st.
t'AHI IMIII.
Viin. Necrganru. I'rrs. Pt. Germain Co11p?«> cf
Palmistry: r<-ads 1 to S. CK fif-ary. cr.'Jnnf^.
l>i:U!>U.\AI.!!.
XF.r.T rc» at 4K Market St.. P.osi*. Dcn't rail
to call; rerjr Iraportant.
A Gi^NTLKMAN of uiidd'e ng«» desires po»l-
t>an as :a>r«iri8r.. irei-rctary. cashier or any
work siot Involving physical laiior: highest
roferenfcs offered. Addi-efs Ik>i 23S3. Call.
IXSTITl'TE of Scirn-e; fUggistive th»rs!>ou-
tlns- mairnetic hf-aitnn: pptt'onal maenetifen;;
hypnotitm. PBOFE8SOB FISHER, In-
structor. S17 Mas'-:i st.
MMK. AIU. 24 Krarar. 47 Poet, office 10-11 ; if
sick, fuffprinsr from liny cause. rf*<* this won-
derfully gififi* bealer; the will cure youi(
I.F.DEUICIJ. t!".e \-o', -j'.ar hairdresfr; any rtyle
2-"c: im ¦rlndbw di»;>lay <>/ Qulntoni*a this
¦ x\eok: »«rttches *1 up. 128 Stockton st.
THE (Ki'.-n dasa at IMr.man'6 School of Danc-
irg, 1412 Polk ft.. i« now open; the children's
< las;- will ¦ :¦• n Saturday afternoon, Aug. 11. j
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10 j
vfahs" experience. J. B. RAY. 3T.7 Jessie tt. !
IlAI!: <iuiok!y curled or waved by using Tal- |
cott's curling fluid: 20c bottle; druggists.
T3IE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresyps and pillows made to order, re- j
BOXitd a.;d renovated; htioejl work guaran- ,
te*<J; pried drfy competltbm: fr.e upholstery; j
{-•hone factor?-. 21S and 220 Eleventh s'..;
flrrt-dasa cleaning ar.d dyiny. «?3 £utter st..
Pan Francisco.
PARALiTEIS positively cured; a:«o nervous
diseases, rk'-n <Ji«<a!<«>s. lung il!«faJ's, o?s:S-
<ati- u ' car.rer. consumption, stiff joints; no
Arvi-f no kni'"- eouBBltation fr<-e. PR. L. J.
BTRATTON. BW. t-OS, E<» Parrott bul'.dlng.
ELKOTRIC i:p!its in every room— Winchester
Hot^l 44 Third tt.. near Market: 700 raomi: |
E5e to $J B0 jvt nicht; fl TP to $6 per week: j
free bus end bapfES* to an3 from the ferry. ¦
EUTTS to order «n installments: 115 upward;
fl a week. LEON LEMOP. HIT Market St.,
bet ween Seventh and Eighth.
• i "0.<K"» TO loan on diamonds, watches, «eal-
tkStw. UJSCUE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
SIIP? SHELDON, tfce rejebrated mind-reader.
f.'J"' M H rk»-t St.. parlor 37.
LEOEBEB'8 Qu'.ntonira Hair Tonic, extract
•VUiiine Bark: bentflria!, harmless; 25c bot.
r>R. E. C MERVY has taken new offices at
ItflE Ftorkton Ft.
I-A DIES' art cents' cast-off clothing bought &
sr.Id. Silverman. SS4 Folsom. tel. Folspm 1191.
I.rT'ERhlR"? Quintcnica. Hair Tonic stops hair
'h!!:n«r "ut : makes the hair grow; S5c bot.
V. WTEH— Old-fafhioTied pijver. braw. copper
var«=: runr?. all d«<oription!«. E2J 5 Pupont st.
fl'TTP to orfi^r on «"8«y payments. Art Tailor-
!nsr Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDI'MP Egyptian H?nna restores gray
r.alr to its natural color. $1: at all druggists.
' AS-T-OFF clothine. old gold and f'\lver bought;
v^nd pofta!. roLEMAN'P. B«6 Kearny «=t.
ruvtiruvs A-M> SL'KUKOXS.
7-n. rnATSTSTON. the great Fpecial^n? »i»s"re-
f t uir.<»d prn<-tire at ir>6 Market ft., corner
Taylor; rffloes ta srid 2*: tak» elevator. .
Ht C. C. O'DONNELI^-Ofnee and residence,
l f :i'j Market ft.. >>»»t. fixth and Seventh.
I£AL ESTATE— Cl'.V KUR SAL EX
rCEW handsome rark residence; only 1 left of
4 : contains S rooms, ip weil built, up-to-date:
w "l lie Fold cheap; fc2« <*layton ft.. »ir.uth of
Haight: Fixth and Taylor sts. and Masonic
**«. cars pas* th» door. J. STIERLEN,
K3Ot - MODEHJT ?-room hnus<? in choice location
i %\'a|!er ft . n^ar Pierce, 1 block from
,, Ha^ght-rt. c;, r .«; f.niFhPd with marble steps.
r?re*co*4 <^Slings, % wood mantrl?, hard fin-
ished liawmert. etc.; terms one-fourth cash
! ilanec ?••' ninthly. F. NELSON, builder.
HAVE you real estate north of th» Park or at j
the BJiHlOn ;hat you want to pell, then call j
n-i \V. .1. <;'.NX. r.30 California ft.
MODERN h.>usoi5 ami flats built at lowest
nrl e«: plan* an4 estin-.atps furn!.-Jie<j for all '
ru Hinjir work. <-AMPI5ELL. 1U7 BC— lOM ft.
*-r."o:.r ectxace; "•*; Baaityatd* ave.: tso cash.
ni mt month. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646
Market «t.
NEW f-r>tT»se: f. roosrs. bath; lot &*xl<»: Mi»-
?!'!: nfv t»:mit or vacunt l"t. 41X Kearay st.
REAL CSTATi: — COi.Vl'KV — Kor Sal*
J MIGAIM — Fin<- stork ranch and general farm
r.-ar rai!rr»a<3 and this city: g'fjd improve-
rsentc; a lov^iy hor.ie; Investigate this. H.
H. '"RANK. 'J* California st. »
Y'lTl RENT— 175 «cr^ farm. AIanv>da Co.; cash I
»nt. H..II. CRANE, MR CaMromia et.
HA^TXO to go to Europe, i will sell my ranch !
CJ Id acrif. rich farm land. wpII improved; i
nil fenced; plenty c-o-d mttr; * milrs from |
UteinKUe ami 1H miles from a good country 1
Btlwil: al • liar*rain an<1 cary l»rmr. AdJtesa J
n«FTT!uii ISjoin. Livemior*. Alameda Co.. Cal.
80 A<"HE>— 4 mil^s veft of Potalnma: w«ll im- |
r-rci*" 4 . ; at a barrtin: tenns reasonable. Ad-
<3re.-f l»i JOt, LakPport. C"al.
bTOCJU arji crajn ranf-h for Fale; Cclusa Co.;
1240 acres; fVi |ier «or»: W grain, rest bill
:•--; Vi « CHANT""':;. Karysvllle. Cal.
A PRI.VTEI) U.t. M. ORIFFIN. 719 Market st.
T~J<rrr,f a:id .-!';. property sold arrd exchanged.
itoin;*.' f«»it nur>.:»viii;pj.VG.
"l.'K'R of 4 l<*-8Utlful larg» rooms, with
; <-fnir>1»fly fumlvhH for houwkeeping;
and coM water: gas and t«*l*>j-ihon*; fin*-
¦ beal£by location; in a Final! private
::.: no rmEll cbildrca wanted; rent rea-
bK CSJ Tivor.tifth ft., n^ar Castre.
k"\ Q " n'i—LiEht hous^k^^pins. tl SO *o f!M
¦r . :-.".e!«- an-1 douW». $1 t<i $2 50 %rer wk.
. SiB. near Market— Large mnny back
an4 repular kitchen furnished for
f T'r.g: jirtvate /amily:.bath.
FIFTH AN!. MARKET— 2 rooms furnished, $19:
h«^J. jr>. Particular* 542 Keaxne/ 8t.
TOLSOM. R2<-Larg» nunny room for light
h'tiM >.•- ],,.-i- : ciaaet: bath; private; f I 25 wk.
HAIGHT. 341— HMUK^keepIng rooms: use of
kitchrr. d;n!nf-room. bath: also single room*.
l» f >"(\'Ar:!>. I'Cii-Panny completely furnished
houtffceeplng r'xims; also other*.
LKftOT pUo. 114. off Sacramento, near Jones—
J tieatant sunny housekeeping rooms; rent
oh"ap: nice yard: fine view.
XcALUSTSR, V,Z~— For rent. 2- unfurnished
housekeppl.ng rocms; grate; running water;
<-»tx*\% :f (J»r!rrd.
: LARGE sunny room furnished complete for
ii'u;£»lif»pir.r: r*nt Jl 23 per w«>ek. Apply at
t).. ,. rf . f.^2 jjifiyjrt, st^ fcet. 1st and 2d st*.
MCALLISTER. W!-2~nloeily furnished sunny
'¦' front: rooms; elnk. range, bath, laundry; J1.V
t. MXSSIOK. M^-Two Urjre^ eunny well-furnished
ituu^k'-eiir.g ror>m». '-¦-.¦¦
M.VTH, 1H2-A larje front baj'-windo«' room;
f<<waptel( for housrV>r;,:cg; rent cheap.
OAK. US— I^arce BXtttrf room: closet; furnished
tor ho:s^^<-fp:T,|r. ;<; -mailer roon»». $<>¦ '
"FARinCLL. 5^_Houj.Tk^!»p1ng «ult«: ele-
cant'.y JumlEhefl; from $15 to $30; also single
_roores. j
'¦Ol^K. L22~ Furniyhed and unfurnished house-
kixaiBg rooms; r«nt cheap.
P^JNNY rooms, unfurnished «r f"mUhol;
>ramtrkjfepicx or cthprwiBe; very reasonable
_fn Po»t «t.
TTP.K. kj_ Hou«k«eplng room*; gas range;
rur.r.in^watrr. laundry-, modern; 114.
VAN NESS. 402-; elt K anUr furninh^d sunny
a rootaa; , complete bousekpg. ; E as ttove: reas.
CLAEFIFIEO n-lvprtr^inertranTTubicnptlons
r-"--iv-3 at <; a j; 1,-n.nch oflice. 2200 FUJraore et.
'&$***. \ "^WM^n.'nua l«lur».
A-cRu.VKwicK irorsn. j4< "siKth-Room*
58L*£2 "^" nl 5'"- » "> « P«r week, and
jW» * oa ** k< ** '.^-f j "P^naU ni^ht.
V- • • 1 1 Kill A 2a i-ort-Flnest «unny mittw \ In
cry U.t families and c*r.tWncn; all conven-
:«"it^s: Kjxrc.4ii : _accoir.r.joda.tlon for tourists.
7:1 ;<NJ-7TT. 14TS Merkrt et. <old No. X»64>— Pur-
nlfhed rm;., fuiies. eingle; also unfunilshed.
Tfm, rso-^NIorlv fum. s-j-ny rooms: $1 M to J7
S\ '' " L^t tn »'lKht. MHS. p. KANFT.
J2J1J4. nr7~I?iri6-J handsome
V ui niched «=unny r.«orr.» jor boui»k«-»>rilng - all
<'./r:vrr.!pnref ; ront f!2.
¦ELLIS n2'i— I^arsre front and bark parlor*; sun-
ny; suitable for phr^Jcian or dentist.
I^KCIS, f?l —^crny bay-window room for 1 or 2
UtaUtmeni with u without board; crlv. lam.
ROO3IS TO LET — Forn. and Unfnrn.
FIFTEI?N~rnlnuT?7T?de brings you from down-
town to the beautifully furnished "ALMO-
UA." the elite FAMILY HOTEL in the Mis-
sion, corner 20th and Mission sts.
Why pay exorbitant prices for crowded
down-town apartments, when larger. brlght4K
rooii.s ind better services are at your com-
mand, for less money— Investigate— Take Mis>-
fion st. or Valencia et. car direct; take Fill-
mo^ j=t- car or Post and Leaven worth cars,
and transfer to Mission £t.
FOLSOM. }*». cor. Cth (The Oliver)— New fur-
ctehad sunnyrms.. sinsle or suites; reasonable.
Ft'LTON, 63C-f?unny furnl?hed_front_room.
GEARF. Vb (The Navarre)— Elegintly furnished
raoing; fnis«s or single: travelers ai-co'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission gts.— Kunny rooms, en suite or
pinclc; laiil'-s' parlor; readigg^room: elevator.
HOTEL Francison— Klcpant suites: single: tran-
sient; UithR. MKS.JvING. Turk and Taylor.
ll'AV \KD S^-Rooms from $1 week up to V>\
25o to Jl niKht: »ls.i housekeeping rooms.
HOwTltD K>. cor. Cth— Nicely furnished sunny
ro'-ni?; rcs.«onabie: by day. week or month.
MISSION. 1109— Sunny furnished front room for,
2 ierulemen.
OTAItHKLL. SO— Sunny furnished rooms and
office; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
FoWKI.L 1C1 Light, clean rras. : suites or sln-
trk-; transient: running water: rates reduced.
POWELL. 612A— Sunny suite of rooms; also
Inrce sunny front rooms and ethers; reason-
able. *
ROSEDAUS House. S19 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,.
nlpht :.V- tn $i. week Jl 23 to 14; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent
lifihf rc-arting-room. snv.'k Ing-room and ladles'
parlor: room.*, per night, 3.1c to $150; week, $2
to %S- mnnth. y> to tZO; elevator on office floor;
rr.r>rr.« with hot and cold water: baths.
I SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
I near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
1 El'TTER, 11C5— Larsre funnj- rear room: closet.
I runrJnff water, gas: $5 month: small front
room, JS month; modern; convenient.
! TAYLOR, ill— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms.
THE OAKP. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
¦ CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmjre st.
ROOMS AXD BO.Vai).
A SPECIAL offer to teachers: exceptionally at-
2 tractive interior «nd table. 807 California st.
OEART, 912. nr. Polk— Large sunny front room
with board for young lady; priv. family; $20.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
j rms.: private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
j POST. 744— Sunny rooms with flrst-slass board;
I parlor: piano; phone.
ROOMS AXD BOAKD "WAXTEdTJ
WANTED— By gentleman, room and board
with use of .fard; location. Thirtieth st. and
Sunnyside preferred: will jiay extra, for yard.
Address box 29"-4, Call office.
BOARD and room wanted 1 in private family
by boy 15 years of age. Thirteenth and Mis-
sion sts.: Philadelphia Bakery-
TWO temperate young- men want board and
roo n in private Catholic family. Box 2979.
Call office.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
DORE. 13S0 Market st.. above Jones.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up:
paintirff done. Hartman r*aint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery 6t.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
IBWIHG MACIIIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, rr. 15th.
ALL kinds boutrht. Fold, exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., ttorape and movinBTcovered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main TS4(V— Packing, moving and storage.
TYTEWRITEIiS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— "Vv£
Bell better machines for less money than any
houFe in the'clty: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. LZ6 California, telephone Main 266.
j STEXOGRAPIIY AXD TYPKWUITI\G. I
! NKW typewriters. fr> down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California gt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$3"./) — XEW house. R rooms, terms, lot 50x140.
south side Encinal ave., $700; new house of 5
rooms (to order), lot 30x12-1, between the rail-
road?. $1700; terms. J. H. YOUNG, 1243
Park st.
I'ffliM'OTTAGE of 4 rooms: lot 2JX150.
JllfiO— Lot Mxl50; San Jose ave.
tlCOO— Cottage 6 rooms; lot 37:6x130; fine lm-
provf m«nte; Pacific ave.
i $G7*pO— Reduced from $:vx»; house of 10 rooms;
• nearly nfw; corner lot; 2 blocks from <"hPstnut
: Ft. station: choice bargain. K. D. 'JL'DD CO.,
I 1424 Park st.
I i
ALAMEDA ROOMS AM) BOARD.
! ELEGANTLY furnished room, with boaid~if
! desired; 1 or 2 pfr^on*. 2003 Railroad ave.,
| Willow station. Alameda.
BERKELEY, ADVERTISEMENTS
niSRKKLKV REAL ESTATE.
A FSAP — Almost new; house, 6 rooms, bath,
pantry, hot and cold water, ero-)-l windmill
and tank, deep well, nlc«» parde.i. chicken
hour?, etc. ; lot 30xi;'5: 2 blocks frDi.n nation
and electric cars: price $1000; only $!.T0 cash,
balance fl2 i" monthly; h»ot> paying r*nt an-1
own your home by paying wim? as rent;
ta.k« Berkeley train, get r>ff at Loi'.i Et.-itlon;
0!>k for Rl'DOLPH. PERKINS & LYCN CO.;
offlcf open Fundaye.
NEAT cottage, 5 rooms. h«th, pantry, folding
d<v>rs. bay-window. "*rooden mantel, high
lia«-mi > !it, l-riek foundation, garden, chicken
house, stab!*, windmill and tank; lot 40x125;
price lir/fl; only $100 cash, balance ?15 month-
j ly; »hls Is foreclosed property and a snap;take
Berkeley train, get off at Lorin -station; ask
for ItCDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON CO.;
office open Sundays.
IN Berkeley— Two-Etory modern cottape, seven
large rooms and bath; double parlors; heavy
moldings: 7-ft. basement: brick foundation;
lot 50x125: street work complete: price 13250;
monthly payments If desired. Inquire on
premises, 8017 Fulton St.. Ashby Station, or
Heron & Holcomb, 10C0 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE— Lot 405:150 on Webster St., Ashby
station; JSSO; street sewered. Apply or ad-
arcrs E. F. MURRAY. 1S19 Post et.. city.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKUM) KUAI. ESTATE.
A SPECIAL LIST OF HOME BARGAINS.-.
A special sacrifice; modern cottage of 5
rooms; bam; Includes all furniture; piano:
owner called away; must sell at once; price for
everything $2750; mortgage $1600. /
Another bargain: only J300: two-story' house.
7 room?, bath, tarn; street complete; sacrifice;
compelled to go East next week; see imme-
diately. LAYMANCH.
jfVWO 8 acres ea?t of Fruitvale; full bearing
fruit- finest »>oll; good house, windrnjll and
tank- beautifully situated; near electric cars;
produces B cod living. LvYMANCE.
SCOOO" improvements cost f£0o0; two-story
bay-window house. 7 rooms, cement basement.
fine barn, ccet J75O; lot hOxiWj near Telegraph
ave.; mertsage $1500; little cash gets a bar-
* aln ' .. LAYMANCE.
JS400- magnificent , new colonial home: two
storier' 7 r<*itn«: an artistic beauty, really one
of the latest and up to % date homes in the
market; at present prices could not be dupli-
cated" of four, three sold: near station and
central location; terms arranged.
— — LAYMANCK.
SIS 000: suburban home: cost. $23. 000; elegant
resilience: modern, and 5 acrt-s of th« choicest
fruit and shrubbery: location absolutely one
at the choicest; between Oakland and Berkeley;
a rpeclal choice bargain: perfect order.
S*e us for bargains;' correspondence solicited.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO. v
Office and .Salesroom, 4G0-46J Eighth rt,,
Oakland.
OAKLAN&.ADVERTISKMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL' ESTATE.
choice investmentI ~-~—~r~r
~255T that for Present Income and future
possibilities none can equal; 50x73 ;¦ three-story
brick; income J300 per month on five-year lease;
???£?**? arc on 'y taxes a nd 52»» per year oft
$10. 00u insurance, with water paid by tenants;
price $o5,0O0. a. J. SNYDER & CO..
467 Ninth st.. Oakland, Cal.
HAVE you seen those two new houses on Tel-
egraph ave;, near Thlrty-flm et? If not call
at our office for keys and further Information.
A. .V SNYDER & CO..
467 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FURXITUKE FOR SALtJ.
AN introduction to you from H. SchellhaasT'the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTI^E^T^e^l^Tpo^deT^onv
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 20, of s*v:enty-
flvc cents <75c) per share on the issued^cap-
ltal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 430 Cal-
l'?""* «-. Han Francisco, on August 10,
ISC. Transfer books close August 3. 1900. at
noon - A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
NOTJCSi of redemption of bonds^-llorderVof
bonds of the Oceanic Steamship Company are
hereby notified that there is now In the hands
or the undersigned trustee, under the mort-
gage or deed of trust by which the payment
ot said bonds Is secured, the sum of on<j
hundred thousand dollars In grold, which un-
aer the terms of said mortgage is applicable
to the redemption or purchase of said bondis,
and that the undersigned will receive sealed
bids at its oflice, situated at 2 Montgomery
Btreet, in the city and county. of Ran Fmn-
j Cisco, for the surrender of said bonds, until
12 m.. on Thursday, the 3th day of August.
3900, at which time proposals will be opened.
No bid will be considered exceeding 10 per
cent above the face value of bonds. Pro-
por-als to be indorsed, "Proposals for the
Surrender of First Mortgage Bonds Oceanic
Steamship Company." Union Trust Company
of San Francisco, trustee.
v Dated Auguet 2, 1000.
CONSTRUCTION of sewer— Sanitary District
No. 1 of Marin County, Cal.. asks for bids for
the construction ot a system of eewers in
Koss Valley. Marln County, as per plans and
f peciflcjitions . on file with the secretary.
Right reserved to reject any and all bids.
Bidders will please call between the hours of
S a. m. and 12 m., and 2 and 4 p. m. All bids
will be opened at a meeting of the Sanitary
Board, to be held at the office of the secre-
tary, on Friday. Aug. 17, at 11 o'clock a. m.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check for 5 per cent of the amount of the bid.
The successful bidder will be required to fur-
nish a EatlBfaetory bond for the full amount
. of the contract price. ¦
HENRY F. ALLEN. President.
T. B. BERRY. Sec. 120 gutter St.. S. F.
NOTICE TO CONTRA CTORS-Bids will be re-
celved by the -undersigned until 6 p. m., Au-
gust 6, and then opened, for the construction
of a wharf and warehouse covering about 100,-
000 square feet and about 800 feet of trestle
approach near the „ mouth of the Columbia
River, ClatsoD County, Or. Plans and speci-
fications can be seen and blank forms of. pro-
posals secured at the office of the Astoria
and Columbia River Railroad In the Flavel
building, Astoria, Or. A satisfactory bond
will be required of the successful blddar. The
undersigned reserves the right to reject any
or all bids in whole or In part as per forms
of proposal and specifications. NORTH-
WEST CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
S'e?terd^y:
William H. Pchaffer, 43, S30 Geary street, and
Mary J. Wallace. 39. £30 Geary htreet.
Henry C. Trask. 41. 349 Geary street, and
Mabel S. Sperry. 32. 1S1414 Post street.
Harry L. Wei lard. 30, Newman, and Mar-
guerite H. Hering, 23. 2225 Mission street, i
M. V. Little. 21. city, and Adelaide M. Kin-
ear. IS, city.
Bert Anderson, S3. 546 Howard street, and
Eveline Flood. 23, 3S5 Dore street.
Alfred S. Donau, ?2, Tucson, and Trudie Cur-
tlF. 23, city.
. Frank D. Burgess. 27. 41S Ellis street, and
May F.lllott, 20. Oregon City, Or.
George C. King, 26, 624 Guerrero street, and
Anna C Stratton, 2». 345 Tenth avenue.
John N. Sllva, 26,'Bolinas, and Mary B. Sllva,
21, Sausallto. , -
BIRTHS— MABRI AGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. Th»y must be handed
in at either oi the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GILCHHIST— In this city, to the wife ot Wil-
I Ham Gilchriat, a son. . : , -.
; MARRIED.
COPELAND— MILLER— In this city, July SO,
1 < K)O, by F. H. Kerrigan, Justice of the Peace,
Joseph Copeland and Martha I. MilUr, both
of Paradise, Butte County, Cat.
TVVYFOKD— BI-'RNS— In this city, by the Rev.
Father Griffin, "\\\ J. Twyford and Kate A.
Burns, both of Pan Francisco.
_ . diejj
Bitter?, Julius Markp, Berry
Cheneau. Loulne Martin. William J.
¦ Cx>lby, Lydia; A. " Murta, Catherine
Cullen, Tbonias O'Grady. John M.
Dahl. /Pfleo Ortiz. Felix
DavisC Henrietta P. Pere*. Emille S.
Hamilton. Matthew Severance. Joslah G.
Jeffers. Milo S. Hchober. Julia
Jerome. Frederick Spichtig. Louis
I^annon. Lizzie \>tter, Catharine
La Roche, Jeanne N. Wohlers. John
I-anehlin. Mrs. M. A. Yarndlcy, Joseph W.
Marin. Elias
BITTERS— In Garbfrvilte, Humboldt County.
August 1, \ 1M0. Julius Bitters, a native of
Germany, aged 47 years. A member of Branch
No. 22. Glass Bottleblowers' Association of
the United States and Canada.
CHENEAIT— In this city. August 3. 1900, Louise
Ch*"n?au, beloved sister of Elizabeth Che-
ncau, and cousin of Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Case-
nave, a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged 16
years.
Z3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 3fl5 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
COLBY— In San Jwse. July 21, 1900. Lydla A.,
lieloved and cevoted wife of James T. Colby,
loving mother of Mrs. J. F. Klein. Mrs. Sarah
B3ston and Mrs. L. W. Palmer, and. loving
elster of Mrs. John F. Penney and George "'.
I/eon, a native of Halem. Mass. (Salem,
Mass., papers please copy.) -
Kind, loving and generous to all.
None knew her but to love her
Or named her but to praise.
CULLEN— In this city, August 2. 190ft, Thomas,
belovr.d husband of Bridget Cullen, and father
of John. Jane, Margaret, William, Richard,
Rose. Oliver, Gertrude. Frank, Charles,
Gjcrge and Thomas Cullen and -Mrs. J. Sulli-
van, a native ot County Leitrim, Ireland,
aped f>4 year*.
(CyFrl^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral -this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 7 Rltch street, oft FolsOm, between
Third and Fourth, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAHL— In Oakland, August 2, 1900, Theo, be-
loved husband of Thora Dahl, and father of
Albert, Gerda, Walter and, Milton Dahl, a
native* of Norway, aged 63 years 2 months
and 13 days. . . . .
CTTrlends. acquaintances and ' Brother
Knights are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral nervioes to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, at 1625 Market street, under the aus-
pices of Oakland Lodge No. 103, K. ot" P.
DAVIS— In Magnolia. Mass.. August 2. 1900.
Henrietta P. W..-wlfe of Andrew McFarland
Davis, formerly of San Francisco.
HAMILTON— In this city, July 31, 1900, Mat-
thew, b?loved husband of Katie Hamilton,
father of Clarence W. Hamilton, and brother
of James T.. J«mnle and John W. Hamilton,
a native of New York, aged 51 years 11
months and 5 days. (New Yoxk papers pleas*
copy.)
ItTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from King Solomon's
Hall Masonic Temple, corner Post and Mont-
gomery streets, under the auspices of Occl-
• dental Lodge No. 22, F. and A. M. Interment
Masonic Cemetery- Remains at the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 818 Mason
-street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. :Mgr. '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
. tO Flttb ftt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 8C. . : - ¦
CLOSING CEMETERIES^
On March 30th of this year the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco passed • Or-
dinance No. 25, prohibiting the burial of
the dead within the city and county. -This
law goes into effect August" i; 1901. His-
tory shows that all large citieS have found
it necessary. to close their cemeteries, and
Immediately the relatives and friends, be-
gin to remove their loved ones to cemeter-
ies less liable to "be disturbed by the
growth of the city. For t ijll ' particulars
and expenses In disinterring and transfer-
ring bodies apply to Charles H. : Jacob &
Co., funeral directors and- embalmers, 313
I Mason ctreet. Telephone Main 5213.
OCEAN TRAVEL. *
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
, St^amera leave Broadway
Vefctew«. *" or Alaskan Dorts— 11 a.
KjT.^gR^. m -' August 4. 9. 14. 1>. 2*.
UtoJfSS^X 29. Sett. 3. Chans* to cem-
EJSkSralYnA pany's steamers at Seattle.
KftgXpj V*l For Victoria. Vancouver
KgaCSf^Pi (B. C). Pert Town«i«nd. S»-
* <&xPiJnf attle, Taeoma. Everett. Ana-
<^WqH cortea and New Whatcom
IWash.) — 11 a. m.. Aurust 4.
9. 14. 59. Zi, £>. Sept. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y: at
Seattle or Taeoma to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Fay— I p. nv. Aujnm
1. t. 11. IS. 21. 26. 31. Sept. 5. and every fifth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Rlm«on. Cayu-
eos, Port Harford (San Luis Obl*po>. Gavlcto.
Santa Rarbara. Ventura. Hu«meme. San P*dro. ,
Ea«t San Pedro <Lo« Angeles) and Newport— J
a. m.. August 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping: only at Port Har-
ford (San Luia Obispo>. Santa Barbara. Port
Lcs Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles* — 11 i.
m.. August 1. 8. 9. 13. 17. 21. 23. ». Sept. 2.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa!!*
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to rhang?
steamers, salting dates and hours of aalllnf
without previous notice.
TICKFT DVVK'E- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
i r*o:R.TX-,.A.2sr:D
From Spear-street "Wharf at 11 A. M.
CADL SI2 rtrst Class including BsrVi
IHiiL $8 Second Clai* an<* Keali
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
August 11. 21. Jl
COLUMBIA sails August 6. 1«. 2S. S»t>t. »
• Short Sine to Walla Walla, fpokane. Rutt».
Helena .ind all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all rxihit* East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
CO Market at.
GOODALL. PERKIXS ic CO..
Fnperi ntendents.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
¦Will Dispatch for
NOME,
PORT CLARENCE. CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant. Commodious. Fast Al Pas!*»n«»r
Steamship,
JOHN S, KIMBALL,
Twenty-fivr hundred tons* displacement.
TUESDAY, August 7, 1O a. m.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
220 Market at.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISH1
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
n«r First and Brapnan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, eallinj at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
; connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
j dla. etc. No cargo received on board on day
> of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August J?. 1300
ES. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. September 22. l»na
SS. AMERICA MARU.. "Wednesday. Oct. 17. »n«
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company'* office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
IIV TOSS. BC3T3ASPT03. L05S0& HITS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every "Wednesday. 10 a. IB.
New York.... August 81 St. Louis August 33 '
gt. Faul August 15' New York.... August 23
f*£O STA^ UN2.
N«W Yorfr orjd Antwr»r-».
From X«w, York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kenslncton ..August 8 Noordland ... August 23
Aragonla ....Apgust 151 Fries land .. .August 79
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
j - - - SO Montgomery Street.
COMPAGSIE GE.MEHALE TBAKSATLAUTIVrS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
tfailin?: every Thursday. Instead of <2IQlD
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99. at ¦" 3 ***»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. Xorth RWer. foot «f
Morton street; L'AQUITAINE. August »: LA
BRETAGNE, Aujrust 1«: LA LORRAINE. Aug-
ust 13; LA TOURAINE.' August 30. First
class to Havre. $S2 30 and upward. Second class
to Havre. S£> and upward: 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson Bulldins). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 3 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
! HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIX-SCttEW EXPRESS SERVICE " i'
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON), CHERBOLRO
1 (PARtS) AND HAMBVRO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICS
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURO
AND HAMBURG.
For Falling, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.37 B'dw*y.N.T.
, PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved if secured before departure.
HERZOG Sc CO.. G«n. Agts. for Pacific Coast.
401 California st.. corner Sansome, S. F.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-nOXOtUX.TI, APIA
AUCKLAM) ANI> SYDNJEV.
ES.' ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New •
- Zealand and Australia Wed.. Aug. I. S p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
;. Wednesday. August 22. I p. m.
I. 0. SPtfiiCKELS & 8K&S. CO.. Aats.. 14 Msitaoman
Pier 7. Foot Pacifie St. Freight Cui ce. 327 Market St
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
.nFoiTOTlMVYT^^^
Steamer "Mttntlcello." "
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. tr .•:«
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. «ex-Thurs. ni*ht); Fri-
days 1 p- m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. »
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15M.
FARE • '. 30c
WeeKly Gall $1.00 uSfi
JEFFFRS-In this city. August 3. 1000, Mllo
• Sliiney Jcfters, father of-.Myra and Eunice
Jsn*ers, a native of Hadley. • N. Y., atred : 61
years, and 8 months.' (.Glen Falls and Sara-
toga, N. Y.. papers please copy.)
IC7The funernl services will take place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of California Lodge
No. 1, F. and. A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. Please omit flowers, j
JEROME— In this city. August 3. 1300, Fred-
erick, beloved husband of B. W. Tucker Jer-
ome, a native of Portsmouth, ¦ England, aged
76 years 2 months and 12 days.
C?'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, f Please omit flowers.
LANN'ON— In this city, August 2, 1000, Lizzie,
beloved wife of the late Frank I^annon, and
sister of Mrs. Maud Howard and Nellie and
Frank Kelly, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years. • ¦ ¦ ' - .
LA ROCHE— In this city. August 1. 1900. Jeanne
Ney La Roohe, a native of San Francisco,
aged 34 years and 11 months.
(ryFuncral this (Saturday) moraine. Fu-
neral and Interment private.
LAUGIILIN— In this city, August 3. 1900, at
hor residence. 1157 Bush street. Mrs. M. A.
Laushlin, mother of G. B., C. D., Anna and
Mrirgr^rite Laughlln, a native of Ireland,
aced S2 years.
MARIN— In San Luis Obispo, July 29, 1M0. Ellas
Marln, a native of Chile, aged 27 years.
MARKS— In this city. August 2, 1900, Berry,
belovtfd husband of Johanna Marks, a native
of Geimany, aged 69 years. (Ukiah and Santa
Hot a papers please copy.)
ETFriends are respectfully .invited to at-
tond the funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 10:13 o'clock, at his late residence,
1194 O'Karrell street, corner of (.Sough. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and . Townsend
streets.
MARTIN— In Stockton. August 2, 1900. Wil-
liam J., beloved husband of Mary A. Mar-
tin, a native of Lafayette, Or., aged 49 years
and S months.
(EVKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Woodman Hall.
521 Twelfth street. Oakland, under the aus-
pices of Oakland Camp No. 94, Woodmen of
the World, and El Capitan No. 115, Order of
Railway Conductors.
MIJR.TA— In this city, August 3. 1900. Cather-
ine Murta. beloved wife • of the late John
Murta, and dearly beloved mother cf Alice
and Jennie Murta, a native of County
Westmeath, Ireland, aged 60 years.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'GR.VDY— In this city. August 3. 1900. John
. M., beloved husband of Maggie CQrady.
' father of Mary. Bessie. Daniel, Nellie and
John Joseph O'Grady, brother of Denis
O'Grady of Yallejo, Mrs. James J. Mackel
and Mrs. Fred Hammers, brother-ln-lAw of
Michael Mahoney. and nephew of James Mo-
ran, a native of Ballylongford. County Kerry,
Ireland. a?ed 38 years. A member of Y. M.
. I."* of Vallejo. (Vallejo papers please copy.)
tn^Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3i'10 Twenty-third street, between San-
chez and Noe, thence to St. James Church,
Twenty-third and Guerrero streets, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ORTIZ— In this city, August 1. 190o. Felix Or-
tiz, formerly of Santa Fe, New Mexico, aged
41 years S months and 8 days.
PERES— In this city, August 1. 1900, Emllie
Schw<^lzer Pfres, beloved daughter of Joseph
and Emllie Peres, a native of Chicago, aged
17 years 4 months and 9 days.
¦ tC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of hpr parents. 1S00 Mission street, corner of
Fifteenth, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and Leav-
enworth streets.- for services at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SEVERANCE— In this city, August 2. 1900, Jo-
Finh G.. beloved husband of M. E. Severance,
a native of Maine, aged 67 years 10 months
and 2 days.
SCHOUER— In this city, Augrust 3. 1900, at the
residence of her parents, 45S Minna street,
near Sixth. Julia, dearly beloved daughter of
Ernest and Augusta Schober. and sister of
Frederika. Henry. Emma, Clara. Anna find
the late Sophie Schober,. a native of San
Francisco, aged 17 years 1 month and 10
days. A member of St. Paul's Young Ladles'
Society.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are rerpect-
i Cully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from pt. Paul's Ger-
man Evp.ng.Miral Lutheran Church, 1419 How-
ard street, between Tenth and Eleventh. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery-
SPICHTIG— In East Oakland. August 3. 1900.
at 403 East Twelfth street, Louis Spichtlg, a
native of Switzerland, aged 40 years.
VETTER— In this city, August 2. 1900. Cath-
arine Vettpr, dearly beloved wife of Karl
Vetter. and loving mother of Katie and Ju-
lius Vetter, a native of Weisenstein oben an
GoislinRen. Wurtetnbury. Germany, aiied. 43
yeara 7 months and 19 days,
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atfpnd the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. US Erie street." between Folsom and
Howard, thence tti St. Boniface's Church.
Golden Gate aTeni»\ near Jones street, for
services, commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
» Holy Cross Cemetery.
WOHLERS— In this city. August 3. 1900. John.
belo\ed husband of Bertha Wohlers. and
father of Adolph, Annie H.. Alma and Harry
Wohlers and Mrs. William I. Miller, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 62 years 11 months and
. 21 days.
YARNDLEY— In this city. August 3. 1900. Jo-
seph William, beloved husband of Cordelia
ciymer Yarndloy, a native of Manchester^
England. Late of Honolulu.Ep-worth Leaguers to Meet Here.
! An international convention of Ep
worth leagues will be held in this city
next year. This announcement was made at
the convention of t,ho Golden Gate Chris
tian Endeavor Society in the Mission-street
Methodist Chv.rch Thursday, evening and
was received with great applause. ' This
gathering will be next In size to the big
Christian satherinK held here in
.1897. There will be over 1000 delegates
from all. sections of the United States.
The convention will last several days and
already preliminary arrangements for en
tertaining the visitors have begun. Noted
religious speakers in this as well as-for
eign countries will participate in the
exercises.. ~ .;. . .
« ¦ - '
Charged With Burglary.
.* ' Alexander de la Cruz, a boy 17 years of
age, who is also known by the name of
'Joe .Allen, .was arrested by Detective
O'Dea yesterday and -booked at the City
Prison on' a :> charge, of " burglary. He la
accused of breaking: into the Brooklyn
Athletic- Club, S70 Howard street, and
stealing two paJrs of boxing gloves and a
pair of~ handball shoes. He Is an old of
fender. ¦-..¦
The proprietors of the Oro FIno cigar
factory, which establishment was seized
by revenue officials a few days apo, have
made an . offer of compromise with the
Government, and pending a reply from
Washington the proceedings In confisca
tion will be Buspendfd. The seizure was
made because of a violation of the reve
irue laws and regulations.
Internal B«vcnue Compromise.
Panli Repfrio. a teamster, died in the
German Hospital last Thursday night,
from injuries received by falling out of
his watron on Thursday forenoon He
drove into a «15rt heap on Dupont street
near Pacific, and the wagon was upset'
throwing him upon his hrad In the street!
He was a native of Italy. 37 years old.
Killed by a Fall.
To-morrow afternoon, at 3 o'clock, there
will- be a grand rally of members and
friends at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation Auditorium, Mason and. Ellis
streets. Matthew C. O'Brien, new phys
ical director, and several others will make
brief addresses, and there will be special
music for the occasion. Services exclu
sively for young men. All are earnestly
Invited to be present.
Grand Rally of Young Men.
Blair's Hall, Mission street, between
Seventeenth. and Eighteenth, was crowded
last night by members and friends of the
Regular Republican Club": of the ' Thirty
fourth .Assembly District. Martin Jones
presided and during' the course of ! the
evening called upon the following speak
ers: Senator S. W. Burnett, A. P. Van
Duzer, R. H. Hamilton and M. Jones/ The
remarks of the speakers aroused great en-
Kelly and Crimmins Denounced.
The committeemen who attended the
meeting last night were: George Stone,
William M. Cutter. W. Frank Pierce, H.
D. Loveland, William J.. Brady, Walter
F. Parker, Wakefleld Baker, W. S. 'Wood
and National Commltteeman Van Fleet.
The time for holding the State Conven-*
tion has been changed from August 28
to September 5. . '
The provision designating Santa Cruz as
the place for holding the convention Is not
changed. The apportionement is : undis
turbed.
It is expected that the general com
mittee to-day will adopt substantially the
recommendations of the executive, com
mit tee. |SgS^i«^J5J9a3PI^Bf»OT@@»9SP*S^fflBBgg
The Republican State. Central Commit
tee met last night at party headquarters
in the Palace Hotel and framed a new
call for a State convention. The revised
call contains a provision- requiring that
delegates to the State convention shall
be chosen at open primary election under
the control of county committees. It Is
provided that all Republicans shall be
permitted to participate In the primary
election. After long discussion the com
mittee decided to embody ;the following
test'
"I'affirm that I am an elector of this
precinct and have not voted before at thi?
"primary. I am registered or will register
and in good faith intend to- support the
nominees of the Republican party at the
coming election." :. ; .
The new call further provides that
wherever a county committee fails, to call
a primary election before August 15 tnen
the State Central Commltteeman of-suci
county shall' call the ' election 'and. the
election must be held before August 27.
Congressional District Delegates.
' In the matter of Congressional district
conventions delegates may be chosen by
primaries held under the direction of the
district committees. If separate delegates
are not so chosen then, the delegates to
the State Convention, will resolve them
selves into Congressional district conven-.
tions aitl nominate in' their districts.re
spectively.
' The call a^o provides that delegates to
county conventions shall be elected at the
primary elections called to elect dele
gates to' the State conventions. Judicial
and "legislative nominations will be made
by delegates elected to county conven
tions. Delegates at large from Assembly
districts may be chosen, but no blanket
ticket embracing a larger subdivision
than an Assembly district will »be per
mitted.
New Call for Stats Convention.
edged eminence as a lawyer. W. F.
Herrin was invited to serve in the
law department of the Southern Pa
cific because he had gained a reputa
tion while attorney for Spring Val
ley as a clever manipulator of corrupt
Supervisors. Pillsbury was engaged
because he possessed character and
conscience. Herrin was employed be
cause he possessed neither.
Among the depraved agents of the
Southern Pacific Law Department is Bo-
Kus Telegram Lynch. He draws a salary
from tho Government and works for the
Southern Pacific. When political work of
an exceptionally disreputable kind is de
manded Lynch constitutes the supply
which follows demand. Government du
ties are put aside when Herrin pushes the
button. Lynch's recent neglect of duty
and the offensive intrusion of himself Into
the political affairs of San Francisco
should be noted by Senators Perkins and
Bard and reported to the source of ap T
pointing power.
get help from the State Central Com
mittee.
As a matter of plain fact the pro
prietor of this paper and E. S. Pills
bury liave never discussed, one 'with,
the other, political topics. There is
not a shadow or semblance of truth
in the rumor of alliance or desire on
their part to displace the existing
State Central Committee. The story
of such alliance and prqgramme was
put forth by Herrin and told by
Lynch, Crimmins and Kelly for the
plain purpose of arousing in the State
Central Committee a spirit of resent
ment against men who stand for hon
est government and decent politics.
The members of the State Central Com
mittee may rest assured that they will
receive the earnest dnd active support of
The Call in their efforts to win Republican
success in this campaign.
The rumor that Mr. Pillsbury desires to
succeed Colonel Stone as chairman of the
committee comes straight from the law
department of the- Southern Pacific. Her
rin is Jealous of Plllsbury.
The public should know that Mr.
Pillsbury has been appointed to a
position in the law department of the
Santa Fe Railroad which corresponds
in rank with the position which Her
rin holds in the Southern Pacific. Mr.
Pillsbury's splendid abilities and le
gal talents excite the envy of Herrin.
Moreover, Mr. Pillsbury is a Re
publican — a stalwart, fearless, clean
and consistent Republican whose sup
port is worth something to the cause
of honest . government.
Should the Republican party of
California go to Herrin, an old line
Democrat, for advice and inspiration?
Mr. Pillsbury was chosen to represent
the Santa Fe because of his acknowl-
bosses cannot win unless they can
It is clearly understood that the
THE decision of the Supreme Court
declaring the primary election law
void renders it necessary that the
Republican State Central Commit
tee shall issue a new or revised
i call for a State convention. The com-
I mittee will meet for this purpose In
: Golden Gate Hall this afternoon. It is
'¦ expected that the proceedings will have a
bearing on the methods of electing dele
! gates to the various nominating conven
! tlonF.
| At this time The Call deems it proper
' and fair to make a statement for the ln
: formation of the officers and members of
' the committee. A rumor has been free
i ly circulated by the agents of Hcrrin and
1 the followers of Crimmins and Kelly that
j the proprietor of this paper and K. S.
'¦ Plllsbury are planning for the flection of
delegates to the State Convention who will
advocate th* displacement of the existing
| State Central Committee and favor the
j selection of a new governing body of the
; party. The motive for the rumor can be
easily traced.
It is common knowledge that the present
Republican County Committee of San
Francisco derived its being from a con
vention chosen by anti-boss Republicans
and is expected to cast the weight of its
i influence in favor of electing clean and
; able delegations to the nominating con-
I ventions. The authors of the false rumor
hope to prejudice the State Committee
against the local body and to cause the
i former committee at its meeting to-day to
j embarrass the County Committee with
i Ironclad restrictions.
j Attorney Thomas D.;Rlordan desires to
have \ the public Informed ; that . he Is not
now and will not be a candidate for • the
position of Superior Judee.
A grand* rally was held by the Monte
zuma Republican Club in Apollo Hall, 810
Pacific street. \ last night. . The object .of
the meeting was to arrange for an elabo
rate mass-meeting to take place in the
near future. , ¦ The Montezuma Club is
composed of Spanish-American citizens
and. they are all out for McKinley and
prosperity. R. Lima is president ; A. de
la Torre, secretary; John Brolet. vice
president, and Alex Campbell Jr.. - treas
urer. ¦> If Is the only organization of its
character now in 'existence. , Its total
membership is 262. ,,
•
. Biordan Not a Candidate.
Grand Bepublican Rally.
The executive committee of the Phoenix
Club held a meeting at the club head
quarters last night, the object of which
was to provide ways and means by which
the. club may take an active interest In
the coming campaign. The, committee on
drill corps reported the probable organi
zation of a battalion In time to participate
in the campaign. Letters were received
from Hon. Theodore Roosevelt and
Charles F. Curry, the latter urging the
club to show its usual activity. The club
will hold a meeting at Scottish Hall, on
Thursday evening next - Speakers and
singers have been engaged for the occa
sion. , ... «: '-• ;.-..,.¦»--.
Phoenix Club Is Active.
The opposing faction was bitter in de
nouncing the action of the chair after the
meeting was over, and the feeling may
cause a serious break in the club. Those
who favored the election of delegates say
it could have been done Just as well as not
in spite of the Supreme Court's decision
against the primaries by making the nom
inations subject to the approval of the
County Committee. It was evident from
the chair's ruling that he is in favor of
the appointment of delegates by the
County Committee, v
About twenty-flve new names were add
ed to the membership roll, which brings
the total enrollment up to 300. Short
speeches were made by J. Mize and Mr.
Holllster.
There was a breezy time at the meeting
of the Thirty-fifth/ Assembly District
Bryan and Stevenson Club In Silk's Hall
last evening, which almost culminated in
a free-for-all flght. At the last meeting
of the club it was voted that at the next
gathering delegates should be chosen to
the several conventions. About 100 mem
bers turned out- last night, expecting to
proceed with the election. blates had
been prepared and the leaders were ready
to place in nomination their favorite'can
didates. A motion was made after the
meeting had been called to order by Chair
man h. J. Stafford to proceed with the
nomination of delegates. ¦
"The chair Is unaole to consider the mo
tion," Startord exclaimed. This j rul'ng
brought half a dozen indignant members
to their feet, each demanding to be heard.
The chair rapped for order, out was pow
erless to quiet the tumult. It is estimated
that fully so per cent of those present were
In favor of proceeding with- the nomina
tions. The minority realized that what
ever was done must be accomplished
speedily, so a motion was made to post
pone the matter until a report was re
ceived from the State Committee, which
is to consider the question of primaries
to-morrow. The motion was promptly
seconded and the chair declared it passed
before the opposition ¦ had time to catch
Its breath. - / .
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT
DEMOCRATS WAX WARM
thuslasm. George "W. Elder introduced
resolutions denouncing Kelly and Crim
mlns and boss methods In the attempt to
control the County Committee. It also
favored the plan of electing: delegates
from the club roll and- thus prevent bal
lot-box stuffing. The resolutions were
adopted unanimously.
Democrats of the Thirty -Fourth.
The Bryan and Stevenson Clut> of the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District held a
largely attended meeting In Harmony Hall
on Mission street last evening> Chair
man J. P. Mullen presided and L". J.
"Welch acted as secretary. Prior to the
meeting the membership books were
opened and more than fifty availed them
selves of the opportunity to Join. The
club's membership now runs close 'to 400.
Short speeches were made by several of
the prominent members.
E. S. Pillsbury's Appointment as the Attorney for the Santa Fe Rail
road Excites the Jealousy of the Democratic Head of the
Southern Pacific Company's Law Department.
Ventilated in Judge Cabaniss'
Court.
Henry Nathan, recording secretary, and
lx)uis Heinz, financial secretary of Court
Ivanhoe. Ancient Order of Foresters, were
erre«ted yesterday on the warrants issued
at the instance of Max Boehm. high chief
ranger, on the charge of misdemeanor
embezzlement for not delivering up the
liooks of the order In their possession.
Heinz was literally drasrgtd from his store
In Oakland while serving a customer.
They were promptly released on bonds.
The cases will be called in Judge Caban
iss' court this morr.ins-
Nathan, in ppeaklnp of his arrest, said
that it was a case of spite, because thev
had pone over to the American Order.
"At the meeting of the court July 17,"
h^ said, "when it was decided to go over
to the American Order, there were thirtv
present and they were unanimous. W>
fnt for the grand officers of the Ameri
can Order and the court was at once con
ftltuted. Within three days afterward
we handed over the paraphernalia, books
and everything else in our possession to
the RranrJ fu-orptary of the Ancient Order
and holfl his= receipt. Since July 27 twenty
five more have come over, making fifty
five altogether. Hupo Asher will repre
sent us in court to-morrow."
Trouble Among the Foresters Will Be
ALLEGE THEIR ARREST
WAS CAUSED BY SPITE
Attempt of the Bosses to Influence the Action of the
State Central Committee Which Meets To-Day to
Issue a New Call for a State Convention.
Will Be Shut Up Tight
As a drum to-day for the Art Carpet Shop
to prepare for big selling out of carpets,
linoleums, rugs, to commence Monday. Art
Carpet Shop. 228 Powell street. •
HERRIN TRIES BY TRICKERY TO
DECEIVE REPUBLICAN VOTERS
There's where the Pacific Improvement
Company turned. The hotel, had never
paid the Improvement Company. It had
lost money on it. The Southern Pacific,
however, had been a gainer by passengers
and freight. "Greater benefits, bigger
antes." argued the Pacific Improvement
Company.
Secretary Richard . Derby of that cor
poration, when seen yesterday, said: "The
matter of erecting a new hotel has been
thought of— yes. But let me tell you that
my company will take no steps toward
that end. We lost money on that place.
I think we shall sell the site or else rent
It to campers."
Huntington's latest "wise move" recall*
the split in the original Southern Pacific
corporation. In which he played such a
Machiavellan part. When Senator Stan
ford died and his estate was distributed
off went all the Stanford heads in the
Southern Pacific employ. Then when
Crocker came into the game B. U. Stein
man, who ran the depot- privileges at
Sacramentor dropped out and his place
was taken by one Hanchett. a brother-in
law of the Crocker boys. As soon as the
Crocker estate was sold out Hanchett
retired and Stelnman once more "bobbed
up serenely."
And so the game has gone, but If has re
mained to the Pacific Improvement Com
pany to administer the unkindest cut ot
all and shake. the grip the old man of the
railroad thought he had on what he
regarded as a docile catspaw for the ab
straction of golden chestnuts from Castle
Crag flre. -
Phenixlike, out of the ashes of Castle
Crag Tavern renewed trouble between
Collis P. Huntington. representing the
Southern Pacific, and the Crockers and
Stanfords, who stand for the Pacific Im
provement Company, has arisen. Hunt
ington says to the Pacific Improvement
Company, "Rebuild the Castle Crag
Hotel." The Pacific Improvement Com
pany replies that it will see him in Peking
first. Once was enough; never again. At
least, that's the gist of the remarks when
the subject comes up.
The Pacific Improvement Company is
willing to live up to Its name so far as the
Pacific is concerned, but .when Paciic
stands for Southern Pacific they register
a vigorous kick. :
The Pacific Improvement Company is a
vermiform appendix of the Southern Pa
cific — a sort of mutual benefit system.
"Help one another" is the motto of the
two corporations, but the Pacific Im
provement Company says that the "one
another" is a euphemism for Southern
Pacific. •
The Improvement Company is quite a
Crocker concern. Its offices are in the
Crocker building and George Crocker is
president. Some Crockers are sharehold
ers. So is Mrs. Stanford and so is Collia
P. Huntington. There's the rub. "When
Castle Crag burned a nice bunch of
money which. used to. pour "into the South
ern Pacific coffers through the medium of
tourists' tickets was "diverted into other
channels. Huntington. with his well
known system of logic/figured out that as
the hotel had belonged to the Improve
ment Company it was up to them to erect
a new caravansary. When the first hotel
was built Huntington was not a member
of • the "annex," and ; therefore he of
course could not be expected, as a recent
shareholder, to take any part except a
thinking one in the building of the new
hotel. - •
His Fellow-Shareholders to Put
Up Money While He
Baked It In.
Wily Old Railroad Magnate Wanted
Pacific Improvement Com
pany Refuses to Be
Made a Catspaw.
HUNTINGTON IS
ONCE MORE UP
AGAINST A SNAG
Marion de Vries, who is in the city
pronounces the Lynch story of political
bargain as fal3e and Infamous.
He i3 surprised that any one should ac
cuse the President of the United States
of descending to such a compact. He as
serts /with positive force and clearness
that he never made a promise to support
Caminetti or any other aspirant for the
Democratic nomination and that the
President never conveyed tho slightest
suggestion of an agreement
Mr. de Vries is adjusting his affairs so
that he may be able to leave for N'ew
York In a few days. He frankly avows
that he will not Interfere In the political
contest of the district. What astounds
him most is the circulation of a story that
the President had " entered into such a
combination.
The blatherskite, John C. Lynch, ytta
holds the position of United States Col
lector of Internal Revenue, is now en
gaged in slandering the administration.
In his meddlesome zeal in the cause ot
the Southern Pacific he Is making th«
statement that Marion de Vries received
his appointment of United States Ap
praiser through a bargain in politics.
He asserts that llr. Loud went to th«
President and represented that if the ap
pointment was made De Tries would Join
in a scheme to elect a Republican to rep
resent the Second California District
Lynch asserts that the President agreed
to the arrangement and that De Vrleu
promised to procure the nomination of
Caminetti on the Democratic ticket as
he would be the easiest man for the'Re
publicans to beat. • .-:
No Semblance of a Bargain or Politi
cal Agreement Was Made
When the Congressman
Was Appointed.
Marion de Vries Promptly
and Vigorously Resents
the Falsehood.
WANTON SLANDER
OF MR. McKINLEY
BY JOHN LYNCH
tee of the city and county of San Francisco.
ANDREW G. MAGUIRE. Chairman.
THOMAS K. CURRAN, Secretary.
M. C. HASSETT. P. J. TOMALTY. GEORGE
McGILLIVARY. DR. THOMAS B. W. LE
UND, SAMUEL BRAUNHART.
The chairman of the committee also re
ported that rooms had been secured in
the Academy of Sciences building for per
manent headquarters of the County Com
mittee. ¦
On motion of Samuel Braunhart the
committee on organization was Instructed
to ask all district clubs, formed .under the
auspices of. the Democratic County Com
mittee, to apply for charters as members
of the National Association of Democratic
Clubs. The meeting then adjourned.
election of delegates to the Democratic State
Convention to be held at the city of Sin Jose
on the 30th day of August, 1900. We therefore
recommend that on Friday evening. August 24.
lSOO. there be elected to eaid convention 115
delopatcs. as follows: Twenty-elRhth Assembly
District, 5 delegates; Twenty-ninth, 6; Thir
tieth. G; Thirty-nrft, 7: Thirty-second. 6; Thir
ty-third. 7: Thirty-fourth. 8; Thlrty-flfth. 6;
Thirty-s-txth. 10; Thirty-seventh. 9; Thirty
eighth, 7: Thirty-ninth, 7: Fortieth, 7: Forty
first 6; Forty-second, 5; Forty-third, 4; Forty
fourth, Z; Forty-fifth. 4.
' And that the delegates to said convention be
chosen in each Assembly district by club roll
primary election in a district club formed in
each Assembly district under the direction,
supervision and control of the organization
committee of the Democratic County Commit-
?~T£S~ CARICATURIST WARREN SAW SOME OF THE CENTRAL
T FIGURES AT THE MEETING. ;
Your committee on organization reports that
owing to the late decision of the Supreme
Court declaring the primary election law In
valid, some provision sh/ruld be made for the
As the committee was leaving the hall.
Chairman McDonald extended the mem
bers an invitation to attend a full Indian
dress affair of the Iroquois Club, and it
was then learned that owing to a light at
tendance at Pythian Castle one of the
braves had been sent to reeormoiter and
had rounded up a sufficient number of his
camp who were attending the County
Committee meeting as members to give
the wigwam a quorum. The rule of divi
sion made It impossible for both bodies,
meeting, as they did. on the same night,
to gather enough of their members to
transact business, and in consequence the
County Committee was forced to with
draw. Andrew G. Maguire submitted the
following report. It was adopted:
Chairman Jasper McDonald rapped for
order at S:55 p. m., pneumatic clock time,
and seven minutes later entertained a mo
tion to adjourn. After rollcall the secre
tary announced that a quorum was pres
ent, but a count of noses 'would have
shown that it was a close shave.
THE Democratic ' County Committee,
or a small part of it, met last night
at B'nai B'rith Hall and then ad
journed. The session was of short
duration.
I>id you file an ai'iiearano* for Mary Ann Sul
livan. Helena Sullivan and Philip Sullivan, in
the rr.auer ot the estate «f Joseph Sullivan, de
oeaFt-d. No. 21.G32. Itejiartnvnt No. 10, Superior
«"ourt, r.f the city and county of San Francisco.
Mat* of California?
Old you write a letter to said alleged heirs?
Did you file a petition for distribution of paid
estate to said alleged heirs in l>epartment No.
Hid you sJlejre in said petition that said Mary
Ann Sullivan. Helena Sullivan and Philip Sul
livan were the next of kin and heirs of eaid
Joseph Sullivan, deceased?
Did you allege in *aJd petition that John Sul
livan was not the brother of said Jowph Sulli
van. d*'ceap»-ii. and was not related to eaid Jo
seph Sullivan?
What wa? your authority for denying the re
lationship of John Sullivan to said Joseph Sulli
van deceased?
r»id John M. Chretien offer you any money for
the withdrawing of said petition filed by you?
Were you paid any money for the withdraw
ing of fc'aid iietition cr for conseniine that the
Superior Oourt distrll.ute the estate of Joseph
S^u'.livan. deceased, to John Sullivan?
Did John M. Chretien inform you that John
Sullivan was not the lepal hrir of Joseph Sulli
van, deceased?
Have you ever recejved any money from J. J.
Kauer f<>r consenting to the distribution of the
estate of eaid Joseph Sullivan?
Why did you consent to the distribution of
¦aid estate of Joseph Sullivan?
Rogers expressed hi? willingness to ap
pA; r f in court ;it the time stated. "Jake"
Itauer was placed <->n the witness stand
l>y the Grand Jury and reiterated his
former testimony regarding his connec
tion with the Sullivan estate.
The Grand Jury also recalled E. C. Con
roy arni again questioned him on the al
leceii sale of positions under the Harbor
Commissioners. Conr«y repealed his
former testimony, in which he disclaimed
all connection with the scandal. He will
be examined further next Tuesday after
noon.
On complaint of the Grand Jury, James
Taylor Ropers was ordered by Judge
Dunne yostercay to appear before the
Superior Court or. Monday to answer for
contempt in refusing to answer certain
questions regarding his connection wilh
frauds growing out of the estate of Jo
peph Sullivan, in which John M. Chretien
has been charged with a felony. At the
last session of the (irand Jury Rogers
declined to answer the same questions
and an order requiring him to do so was
issued jointly by Judge Hahrs and Judge
Punr.e, sitting in bank. Foreman Kibbler
and the members of the Grand Jury ap
peared before Jugk<? Dunne yesterday. and
on Kibbler's affidavit reciting the facts
stated a citation was ordered issued by
the District Attorney directing Rogers to
appear in Department 6 on next Monday
afternoon. The questions which Rogers
refused to answer follow:
Refused to Answer the Ques-
tions Propounded by the
Grand Jury.
Would Not Tell of His Connection
With Chretien in Joseph Sulli
van Estate and May Go
to Jail.
JAMES TAYLOR
ROGERS CITED
FOR CONTEMPT
The stable owned and occupied by
Michael Powers was totally destroyed. At
the outbreak of the flre neighbors, seeing
the danger to the barn, broke open the
doors and dragged the frightened animals
to a place of safety. John Cornish, who
owned the adjoining stable, suffered no
loss, t He took no chances of the flames
spreading and dragged his horses and
wagons out of their resting place.
Timothy Kelleher, who lives at lS^i Sum
ner street, and Con Austin, who resides
at 2<% Sumner street, suffered damage to
their goods by water.
Sparks from the burning structures set
flre to the roof of Mrs. Mary Donnelly's
home afc 19%' Sumner street, and for a
time a second conflagration seemed immi
nent. The firemen quickly subdued the
flre and all danger was averted. The
buildings on Sumner street were owned
by Emll Orack, 1147 Howard street. They
were slightly t insured.
Fire Marshal Towe after an investiffa.
tlon stated that the flre was caused by hot
ashes in an iron ash can which rested
against the fence in the little alleyway
that separated the houses. He pointed to
the overturned barrel and said that the
flimsy woodwork was Ignited by the red
hot ashes. He gave it as his opinion that
the rookeries that were on fire were worse
than those in Chinatown. The flre laddies
had a hard time battling the flames. They
had to flght the conflagration from all
sides. Winding alleys and high fences
impeded their every movement.
It was shortly after midnight that the
residents of that vicinity were aroused
from their slumbers by the odor of smoke,
the crackling of names and the shouts of
people in the streets. Harry Thompson,
a painter, who lives at 22 Sumner street,
was aroused by his wife and they quick
ly carried their two children to a place
of safety and returned to save what little
furniture they could. Their property was
damaged by water and was not insured.
Benjamin Adair, an employe of the Inde
pendent Electric Light Company, living
at 16V£ Sumner street, carried all his
household effects into, the street. E. H.
Evans, who lives in the rear of 221EighLh
street, was unable to save his goods and
chattels. He .helped 'his wife to a place
of safety . and then remembered the
woman who -lived downstairs, and rushed
back and aided her in brlnglng-.her little
ones out of' danger.
Below him lived a- Miss "'Sweeney, a
woman of past' 'middle age. The latter
was almost frightened to death by the
excitement, and the neighbors had a hard
time comforting her and getting her out
of her hysterics. Mrs. William Hoffman,
whose rooms adjoined Miss Sweenoyts,
was aroused from . her sleep by the heat.
She shook her husband and they wrapped
their three babes in blankets and carried
them to the home of a neighbor. Their
furniture was not insured and they will
probably suffer a heavy loss. The prop
erty in which Airs. Hoffman, Air. Evans
and Miss Sweeney lived was owned by
Mrs. Mary Sweeney, who cabled a' light
insurance on the buildings.
extent ot several thousands of dollars was
done before the lire could be got under
control.. .
Residents in the vicinity of Eighth and
Folsom streets had a narrow escape from
death by fire at an early hour this morn
ing. Without warning their slumbers were
rudely disturbed by cries of flre and the
crackling of flames in their very midst.
Children were caught from their beds and
hurried into the streets, and men and wo
men rushed frantically about to save
what belongings they could. An alarm
was turned in from box 1S4 and within a
few minutes a second alarm was turned in
and the Fire Department was soon bat
tling the names. The tire was confined to
the center of the block and destroyed
property in the rear of Sumner, Eignth
and Clementina streets. Damage to the
An Early Morning Blaze Near Eighth
and Folsom Streets Creates
Great Excitement in the
Neighborhood.
Sleeping Occupants of Burn
ing Structure Pled Prom
the Flames.
NARROW ESCAPES
FROM DEATH AT
MIDNIGHT FIRE
THE SAN "FRANCISCO"- GALL. SATURDAY, AUGUST 4, 1900
Decides to Elect One Hundred and
Fifteen Delegates on Friday,
August 24.
DEMOCRATIC COUNTY COMMITTEE
HOLDS A SEVEN-MINUTE SESSION
14
Ladles' tallor-mad» suits, .silk oklrts, fur
capes; liberal credit: M. Rothschild. 526 Sutter. •
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday,
GRANULATED Best Cane SU3AR, 18 lbs $1
EAstlRN 2 SUGAR-CURED HAMS — . 121c
Extra choice guaranteed. Regular 13c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square.. 40c
Fine Butter is scarce. Regular 50c.
BEST CITY EGGS, dozen ..25c
Gathered every day from the Mission.
Regular 30c.
Good Petaluma Ec?.i, 20c dozen.
LEA & PERHIN'S\IM.\ SAUCE 20ft-
! Genuine Worcestershire. Regular 13c.
PORT. SHERRY. ANGELICA, bot 25c
Vintage 1S32. Regular 40c.
COOK'S Pore i opper WHISKY, gal. $2.50
Rye cr Bourbon. Regular $3 50 gaL
EXTriA CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR 80c
Take advantage of the sale and lay In
wintrr supply. Regular 90c lack.
HUILE D'OLiYE, Hal ...95c
Imp. from Marseilles. France. Iteg. $1 40
BEST Extra Sola CRACKERS, I5-lb box 50c
1 Limit J boxes. Regular 63c. /
SNiCER'S HOME-MADE CATSUP, bot. 20c
From Cincinnati, Ohio. Regular 23c
GHIRARCELU'S COCOA. H!) can.... 203
Limit 2 cans. Regular 23c. "
MARTIN'S EASTErN CHcESE ....... 15c
Old and sharp. Regular 25c lh.
Look out for our SPECIAL SALE
next Wednesday.
134-S-1354- MARKET STREET.
; Opp. 7th. Phone S. 232. y o Branch Stores.
if T*" S WELL-KXO\V.N AND RELIABT.KOM>\
x ."special is; cmj-m I'ri vuu», Nervous, and lilood Di» J
eases ot Men only/. BouK oiiFrivate Diseases aiu#
( \\ ejikDMsw of M en. free. O ver iO y 'rV exp^rieru*--
I atlenwcurpclat Home. Terms reasonable. Hour- !'
to3(M|| T :&30toa:;» ev'ri. Sundays, 10 toll Consul-
tation free and sacredly confldentlnl. Call.oraddres*
;£-"-. P..ltO»«OK MrM'l.TY, M.».
KC} a K.enray »t., H«n Vranelsco, Cat.
Has H ever rtruck you that you can buy
Jesee lloore "AA" whiskey for almost the earne
price that I« paid for ordinary whiskey? Your
flealer bss it.
Bank Stock pap*r is recommended by '¦ th«
highest authorities. Mysell-Rollins. 23 Clay. •
WE NAME .A FEW OF THE HUNDREDS
OF .EXTRAORDINARY VALUES WE PLACE
ON SALE BEGINNING TO-DAY. THESE
REDUCED PRICES REFER NOT ONLY TO
ADVERTISED GOODS,. BUT TO ¦ OUR EN-
TIRE STOCK.
HOSIERY.
Our 12%c CHILDREN'S HOSE, double heel and
toe: sale price........... 7Hc pair
Our 17Vic CHILDREN'S HOSE 12%c pair
Our 20c CHILDREN'S HEAVY RIBBED HOSE
1 - 15c pair
Our 25c CHILDREN'S HOSE, double sole, heel
and toe... ......;... — ISc pair
Our 35c CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED HOSE
- •• 24c pair
Our 15o LADIES' HOSE, plain or Richelieu
ribbed .' lOo pair
Our 20c LADIES' HOSE, white or black feet
.....12^e pah-
Our 25c LADIES* HOSE, plain or Richelieu
ribbed "... ..lor pair
Our 3oc LADIES' SILK OR LISLE RIBBED
HOSE ....r 25c pair
Our 2JC LADIES' COLORED, TOP. black feet
18c pair
ALL OUR HOSIERY -IS FAST COLORS AND
FULL FINISHED. .
SUMMER UNDERWEAR,
Our 23c LADIES'. VESTS. Ion* sleeves; sale
price ' 15c
Our 25c LADIES' VESTS, all colors 12^c
Our 35C.LADIES' VESTS, long sleeves. Riche-
lieu ribbed ....1:5c
Our 40c LADIES' VESTS, silk and lisle. ...2.1c
Our 45o LADIES' VESTS, long sleeves, pink
only :................... 25c
Our 35c and 40c CHILDREN'S FRENCH RIB-
BED VESTS or PANTS.... 25c
Our 75c LADIES* FRENCH LISLE VESTS, all
colors "... 45>c
TO GIVE YOU AN IDEA WHAT WE'RE
DOING IS OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
TO-DAY WE^RE SELLING
50c, 75c and $1 SUMMER OVERSKIRTS. at .;
.......' :: :.."...... 25c. 30e and 5Oc
S5c LADIES' NAVY-BLUE or BLACK and
i fWHITE WRAPPERS, at. .' ...:5Oc
S\.Vf FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, sizes 32
to 41. at................ OSc
50c, 75c and $1 LADIES' WAISTS, at.....
25c. 3»c and f>Oc
CHILDREN'S BEST MUSLIN , DRAWERS. 3
- . pairs for.... :.'...'.. lS5e
Special vnlu*-s In LADIES' BEST - MUSLIN :
NIGHT GOWNS, at... 31H\ 4Sc. 75c. l>Se
Siecial values In LADIES' BEST MUSLIN"
CHKMISE. at...... l»c. 3.'t<\ 40c, 74c
Special values In LADIES' BEST MUSLIN
DRAWERS., at....... ...1S>«\ 25c. 34c, 4f>e
. WE'VE "CUT DEEP INTO THE PRICES OF
CORSETS, LACKS, EMBROIDERIES. RIB-
BONS. .VEILINGS AND COLLARETTES.
1212-1214 -MARKET ST.,
• Bet. Taylor and Jones. ,
Manufacturers of Ladles' and Children's Wear.
IV. J. Twyfnrd and t Kate A. Burns, both
cf S. F.. were married Aug. 2 at St. James'
Catholic Church by Itev. Father Griffin. •
.-'¦---- .1 I J^*'*
-T^fi
Jf bI AKSft. >MEHr Sf "ft rlfira
T interest in this sale rises steadily. B
Y day by day the enthusiasm gath- ||
fj| ers force — the selling increases, a J
If new sales record is being made. gk
fjk the offerings are worthy of the y
J multitudes that come. Hale's great JL
gk stock of "good goods" in the old .W
y store is being sacrificed — profits A
a have b:en abandoned a r d costs vir-
gL here and now a dollar buys 25 w
jP to 100 per cent more goods than jt 1
gL would before.
Th* Regina
Music Box
| Is not limited to a few
tunes. like the old cylinder
; music boxes. The Regina has
interchangeable steel 'tune
sheets, being records of ail
the music of the day. v Records -
! run way into the thousands.*
! A .Regina in the home fur-
nishes beautiful music to-
. dance by, and is a pood en- :
tcrtaincr at a party or home
gathering.
; Visit our Regina room.
! Sherman, Clay & Co.
; Steiavtjr Piano Eeilert,
Cor. Kearny and Butter et«.. S. F.
Cor. 13th and Broadway.' Oakland.