Boxers and Imperial troops s.et upon the
native Christians and all were put to
death' after, most horrible tortures. .
SITUATION AT "TIENTSIN < ;
CONSIDERED CRITICAL
.. "A Tientsin telegram of July 6 reported
that 10,000 Chinese, with artillery.
legation to-day received the following '.el
egram from the Japanese Foreign Office
under date of Tokio, July 9. transmitting
advices received from Chefu under date
of July 7:
THE HIGH STATELY BUILDING ON THE LEFT. IS THE CHURCH OF THE FRENCH CATHOLIC MISSION. BUILT BY THE CHINESE GOVERN
MENT TO REPLACE THE EDIFICE WHICH WAS. DESTROYED BY THE CHINESE RIOTERS ON THE OCCASION OF THE MASSACRE OF THE
FRENCH CONSUL AND THE SISTERS IN 1S71.' V v -?V'i . - : ~ ;. ' .
From Le Monde IHustre,
GENERAL VIEW OF TIENTSIN. LOOKING TO THE WEST- OVER THE FOREIGN CONCESSION.
Ppeci»l Dispatch to ,Th« Call.
NEW YORK, July 15.— .* special dis
patch to the Journal from Shanghai glv-
WOMEN KILLED TO SAVE
THEM FROM THE BOXERS
Refugees of all nationalities will be
taken to Japan by the United States
transport Logan.
Two battalions of the Ninth infantry
and 300 marines from the United States
cruiser Brooklyn have been disembarked.
They started for Tientsin to-day on
lighters. As they began to ascend the
river the crews of the foreign warships
cheered heartily.
An explosion of dynamite killed twenty
Russians.
After having been repeatedly repulsed
by the foreigners. Prince Tuan made a
night attack July 6 in three columns with
artillery, and N flnally battered down the
walls. The foreigners, when " defeat
seemed certain,, killed the women : and
children so they might, not meet a worse
ing details of the massacre of the foreign
Ministers In Peking came to-night.
? Copyright. irtQG. by. Associated Prers.)
TIENTSIN. July 9 (via Chefu. July
12. via Shanghai. July IT,.)— A force
of two" thousand foreigners—Jap
anese, supported by British and
Russians — captured the Chinese
fortified arsenal two miles w^st of the
city, making a night attack. They charged
tinder a heavy fire, following the Chinese
«jid killing 400. The foreign loss was
heavy, the exact figures having not yet
been reported.
The CMnr*+ have r>prn bombarding
Tientsin heavily for three days. Several
frenchmen and other foreigners are
Ot r '"ntlnir heavy guns from the fleet. Four
twelve-pounders and four four-Inch guns
have been placed In position and an at
tempt will be made to locate and silence
the Chinese guns.
Chinese Routed From Their Position
Southwest of the Settlements
and the Japanese by a Flank
Movement Capture Four Guns.
LONDON, July 1 5.— The following dispatches from Ad
miral Seymour were published this evening:
"TIENTSIN, July 9.— The enemy's position, southwest of
the settlements, was attacked at 4 o'clock this morning.
The Japanese, by a flank movement, drove the enemy out and
captured four guns. Cavalry pursued and completed the
rout of the enemy, killing a large number of soldiers and
Boxers.
"The allied forces shelled and occupied the western ar
senal, capturing two guns. The arsenal was burned, as the
allies were unable to hold it. The enemy's loss was 350
killed. The loss of the allied forces was small.' ?
"TIENTSIN, July 12.— The Chinese at 3 o'clock yester
day morning made a determined attack upon the railway
station in great force. Finally they were driven off about 6
o'clock in the morning, but the allies lost 150 killed and
wounded. The Chinese loss is unknown, but is believed to
have been heavy. The forts were bombarded at noon by
British and French guns. A fort and a pagoda used as a sig
nal tower were demolished. t
"The allied forces have been increased by the arrival of
1500 Americans."
Governor of Shan
tung Officially
Reports K illingg
of Legationers.
SHANGHAI, July 15.— An
official telegram was re
ceived to-night from the
Governor of Shantung stat
ing that a breach was
made in the wall of the
British legation at Peking
after a gallant defense and
when all the ammunition
had given out all the for
eigners were killed.
[Sp«cial Cable to the New Torfc Hsrald. Copy
right. 19C0. by New York Herald Com
pany. Republlcatlon of thl3 dispatch is
prohibited. All rishts reserved in the
United States and Great Britain.]
LONDON. July 16.— The Daily Tele
graph publishes this special dis
patch:
SHANGHAI. July 15.— Taotal
Sheng received yesterday the fol
lowing: telegram from Yuan Shi Kal:
"CHIANFU. JuJy II.— Messenger who
left Peking: July 2 arrived here to-day.
He reports that artillery of Boxers and
General Tung Fu Slang's troops made a
breach in the legation wall, which was
then levelled, afterward taking legation
by assault. Massacre folio-wed, none be
ing left alive. Lories among Boxers and
troops were enormous. Foreign troops
used up their ammunition before Chines*
effected an entrance into compounds."
Foreign officials generally believe that
these events occurred about the end of
last month.
CANTON IS REPORTED V;
TO BE. UNDISTURBED
HONGKONG. July 13.— The Cnlted
t> ates gunboat Princeton, which has ar
rived here from Canton. report3 that all
was culet there when she left. The Gov
ernor will confer with the commander of
the Princeton.
The transport Talsangr Is loading am
munition. She has already stored a bat
tery .of 12-pounders, and will leave .or
Taku to-morrow with Fusiliers.
LAST STAND OF THE LITTLE BAND OF FOREIGNERS.
"Toward Sunrise it was evident that the ammunition of the allies was running out and at 7 o'clock, as an advance of the Chinese in force failed to draw a response, it was at once clear that it was at length completely
exhausted. A rush was determined upon. Thus, standing together as the sun rose fully, the little remaining band of Europeans met death stubbornly. There was a desperate hand-to-hand encounter. The Chinese lost heavily*
but as one man fell others advanced and, finally overcome by overwhelming odds, every one of the Europeans remaining were put to the sword in a most atrocious manner." "
''Unfortunately many of Prince Ching's troops deserted to Prince Tuan. Prince Ching fell. It was supposed that he was killed, but search for his body next morning was unsuccessful. It is now believed that he was
only wounded and was carried off and secreted by his faithful retainers. Wang Weng Shao, also a gray-haired man of* 70, evidently led the troops in person. He was killed and his force completely outnumbered and routed.
"Throughout the night repeated attacks were made on the legation, but thsy were invariably. repulsedAwithvheavy;josses. Toward jhe end of the third watch (about 5 a. m.) the allies had practically defeated the be
siegers, who were wavering and were gradually withdrawing when General Tung Pun Sian arrived from the vicinity of Tientsin with a large force of Kansubf avesl; By this time the walls of the legation had been battered down
and most of the buildings were in ruins from the Chinese artillery fire. Many X)f the allies had fallen at their posts and the remaining, small band who. were still alive took refuge in the wrecked buildings, which they endeavored
hastily to fortify. Upon them the fire of the Chinese artillery was now directed. ,
"They were not rallied until out of rifle range. Then Prince Tuan, making a desperate appeal, induced them to stand and return to the attack. Their artillery fire was resumed and at the middle watch a second attack
was attempted; but before the attackers could accomplish their object they were met by Prince Ching and General Wang Weng Shao with their troops, who were going to the aid of the foreigners. A desperate battle ensued be
tween the two forces of Chinese.
LOYAL. CHINESE ENGAGE THE ATTACKING FORCE
"Ultimately Prince Tuan decided to make an organized night attack. Having secured a p'entiful supply of ammunition for heavy guns a conference of Chinese leaders was held and a regular plan of attack was agreed
upon. In three powerful columns, with strong reserves, at 6 p. m. on July 6 fire was opened with artillery upon the British legation, where the allies and all Europeans had concentrated. For two hours walls and buildings were bat
tered with shot and shell and huge breaches were made in them. Then a general advance was ordered and the Chinese infantry, volleying constantly, moved toward the gaps. The fire of the defenders, however, was so accurate
and steady that the hordes of Chinese soldiers and Boxers broke and fled in the wildest confusion, leaving a large number of dead and wounded around the legation.
GALLANT DEFENDERS BEAT BACK THE, -ARHYOF PftlNCE TUAN.
XONDON, July 16. — This dispatch from its special correspondent is published by the Daily Mai!:" :
"SHANGHAI, Sunday Night (Urgent)— I deeply regret to have to confirm absolutely and fully the announcement which ! cabled on Friday to the effect that the legations in Peking were destroyed on the night of
July 6-7 and all British and Europeans were massacred. Further official Chinese messages, one from the Governor of Shantung, were received here yesterday and Saturday confirming the dread tidings.
"After June 25 the Boxers and imperial troops gradually increased in numbers and massed themselves about ths British legation, camping in the streets and places laid waste by the Boxers. DaHy sorties were
made by the small body of defenders, who met the Chinese in the streets, inflicting severe punishment upon them. These sorties too often took place at night. So great was the courage and energy of the little force that they
gradually compelled the Chinese to retreat from the immediate vicinity of the British legation. Soon there began to be open signs of disaffection and frequent desertions of the troops of Prince Ching, who was endeavoring to
co-operate with the besieged.
T1HI TP W\ A A it ID) P ¦ A HP-
"In the final attempt to cut their way through, the legation
crs formed a square, zvith the women and children in the center.
When the Boxers realized that they were being attacked they be
came like zvild beasts and shot each other with rcz'olz'crs. Heavy
guns bombarded all night until ihc buildings were demolished.
Many foreigners were roasted in the flames."
"The Boxers rushed upon them and hacked and stabbed both
dead and wounded, cutting off their heads and carrying these
through the streets on their rifles. They then attacked the native
Christian quarters, massacred all zvho refused to join them, out
raged the women and brained the children. Hundreds of mw
sion buildings zverc burned."
FOUGHT WHILE THEIR AMMUNITION LASTED
THEN ALL FOREIGNERS WERE PUT TO DEATH
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 16, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVm-XO. 46.
Continued On Second Page.
fate at the hands of the fiendish Boxers.
They first formed a hollow square with
the women and children in the center and
tried to fight their way. out to the gates.
It was Impossible.. ' "
Those of the guard ..who .were' ¦not, shot
down were roasted to. death in the build
ing: which: the Chinese burned. -After fin
ishing the butchery of- tn« foreigners the
WASHINGTON, July. 15.— Th© Japanese
The San Francisco Call.
ALLIED FORCES TWICE DEFEAT
BOXER BESIEGERS AT TIENTSINROME. July 15.— The Italian Consul at
Shanghai cables that the Italian mission
In Hunan has been destroyed and Bishop
Fantosatl and two missionaries killed. He
also reports that the Italian missions in
Honan and Hupe have been assaulted.
TWO MISSIONARIES KILLED.
"Shensr, Taotai of Shanghai, communi
cates the following from the Governor of
Shantung, dated July 7: The European
troops defending the legations made a
sortie, killing 200 soldiers of General Tung
Fuh Siang. The Boxers have been un
able to take the legations, but the situa
tion is very critical. Sheng considers the
situation dangerous."
BRUSSELS. July 15.— The Minister of
Foreign Affairs, M. de Fa.voreau. has re
ceived an official dispatch from Shanghai,
dated Saturday. July 14, Baying:
LEGATION DEFENDERS
MAKE A BOLD SORTIE
WASHINGTON, July 15. — Secretary
Long had two cablegrams to-day from
China, but he wan inclined to set
a negative value upon them because
they made no mention of a massacre of
the legalioners In Peking. He reasoned
that Admiral Remey was in a position to
get p.s early news as any one. The ad
miral's message was from Chefu, of to
day's date, though as he is supposed him
self to be at Taku it Is assumed that it
wan sent from that place yesterday. The
admiral stated that he had ordered the
Buffalo to Taku. She was coming out to
the Orient by way of Suez, and was to re
port for orders.
SECRETARY LONG GETS
NEWS OF THE OREGON
the province from which the Chinese o£
the country come. A copy was also sent
to Secreary of State Hay.
MANILA, July 15.— During last week's
scouting three Americans were killed and
two wounded, and thirty- five rebels were
killed. Fifty rebels were captured, and
twenty-five rifles and fourteen tons of
powder and ammunition taken.
It is reported from . Baler that the
REPORT THAT FILIPINOS
BURIED PRISONERS ALIVE
vails. Saloons are licensed, but cannot
get permits to bring in liquor. The police
are watching the boundary for smugglers,
and have made many seizures.
High assays have been made of Indian
River conglomerate specimens by the
Alaska Commercial Company's assayer.
The excitement still prevails.
Assays of Indian River Conglomerate
Specimens Show Good Ussults.
Excitement Still Prevails.
VICTORIA. B. C* July 15.— The steamer
Danube, which arrived this morning,
brings news of a rich strike on the head
waters of Stewart River, 400 miles from
Dawson. A stampede is on, boats going
up in a continuous string.
At White Horge a whisky famine pre-
STAMPEDE TO THE
STEWART RIVER DISTRICT
the middle of the floor with the head al
most severed from the body. The body
of Mrs. Fizen lay across a mattress in the
corner of the room, her throat cut from
ear to ear. and tho infant's body was in a
baby carriage behind the shoemaker's
counter.
A most pitiful and distressing sight was
the little boy, Harry, standing nfar the
body of his dead mother, with blood
streaming from a gash In his throat. The
boy was sent to a hospital. whcre y the phy
sicians hope to save his life.
Maryland Shoemaker Kills His Wifo
and Baby, Then Ends His
BALTIMORE. July 15.— Poverty and 111
health impelled Louis Fizen, a shoemaker,
to-day to klu himself, hi3 wife and their
13-months-old babe with a razor, and to
wound his 3V2-year-old son. The tragedy
occurred in East Lexington Btreet.
The corpse of Fizen was found lying in
MURDER AND SUICIDE
CAUSED BY POVERTY
ST. PAUL, July 15.— A War Depart
ment order has been received at Fort
Snelling for. the battalion of the Eighth
Infantry, now stationed there, to rejoin
the regiment and proceed to the Philip
pines with the second battalion, now en
route home from Cuba.
Ordered to Manila.
CINCINNATI, July 15.— The features of
the last day of the tentn annual conven
tion of the Baptist Young People's Union
of America ¦were the annual sermon of
Dr. E. G. Gange of London and the mis
sionary services. Even the overflow meet
ings did not meet the demands to hear
the many distinguished visiting mission
aries, and extra meetings were arranged
for them between the afternoon and even
ing sessions.
MISSIONARIES SPEAK.
DENVER, July 15.— A fire In the Colorado
Iron Works this morning destroyed the boiler
and assay rooms and the foundry, causing a
loss of J40.000.
AUSTIN, Tex., July 15.— A tornado struck
Llano a town of 2000 Inhabitants, this evening,
demolishing the freight depot and »everat
houses. Many persons were Injured.
SPOKANE. Wash., July 15.— Clarence J.
Whorton aged 16. was drowned to-day while
swlmmlntr in Latch Creek In WeFt Spokane. His
companion, another youth, made a desperate
effort to save Whorton and nearly perished in
the attempt.
CANTON, O., July IS.— Governor Allen of
Porto Rico, and General Hastings of Bermuda,
were guests at the McKinley home to-day. Gov
ernor Allen talked over matters connected with
the administration of the island and left to
night lor Washington.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— Th« position of
First Assistant Postmaster General to be va
cated by the resignation of Perry Heath, has
•been offered to Curtis Guild Jr. of Boston,
who was a member of the Porto Rico Insular
Commicrion. Mr. Guild has not indicated
whether he will accept the position.
LONDON. July 15.— The orlffinal programme
of the World 1 * Christian Endeavor convention
for to-day was seriously Interfered with by the
•lelay In the arrival of the American delegates.
Rev Charles Sheldon addressed meeting and
overflow Ratherinsrs at the Alexandria Palace,
twin* received with great enthusiasm.
LINCOLN. Nebr., July 15.— W. J. Bry«n had
no vlPltors to-day. With his family he attended
church In the mornlnjr, went to the funeral
of Deputy Auditor of State Pool, later, and In
the afternoon drove to the site of his future
home. During the present week Mr. Bryan
will give attention to preparing for the cam
pfllcn:
JUNCTION CITY. Kan., July 15.— An attempt
wa«> made to wreck and probably roh the Union
Pacific "flier" about four miles this side of
Manhattan thin evening. The switch was turn
ed but the engineer succeeded in stopping the
train before It had gone but a short distance
on the siding. A gun. dynamite and a bottle
suppo.*ed to contain nltro-glycerln were found
hidden under a pile Of old tie*.
I/)S ANGELES, July 15.— Bert Hopcraft, *
lad 12 years old, wan run over by a Southern
Pacific train on Alameda. street this afternoon.
Both o f his legs were cut off and he died at the
hospital an hour after the accident. He was
plnylng besldo the train with some companions
and eturted to race with the> train when he fell
beneath the wheels. The boy lived with his
mother, a widow, at K3 San Julian street.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
PHILADELPHIA. July 13*— Hurry
orders are being filled at the llldvale
Steel Works for shells for warships. Tha
Frankford arsenal will begin full tlma to
morrow on orders for 27,000.000 cartridges.
The order from the "War Department in
cluded cartridges for the Krag-Jorgensen
and the, late Improved Springfield rifles.
SHELLS FOB. WARSHIPS.
CHICAGO. July 15^-The depot battalion
of the Fifrh United States Infantryj sta
tioned at Fort Sheridan, has received,
orders to go> to China. "Within two weeks
the other two battalions of th© regiment
are expected from Cuba. A week's rest
will be allowed them and then the entire
regiment will start for China,
ORDERED TO MANILA.
"Two legations stood up to July 3
against the attacks of the Chinese. The
legation guards killed about 2000 Chinese
soldiers and Boxers in the several engage
ments. If provisions and ammunition last
they will be able to hold out, as the Chi
nese troops and Boxers seem to be tired
of attacking."
Another telegram received at the'Japa
nese legation, without the sender's name,
but supposed to have been forwarded by
the Japanese Consul General at Shanghai,
reported that Sheng, the Shanghai Tao
tai (Governor), received a telegram from
Yuen Sih Kai, the Governor of Shantung,
staling that a courier had arrived at
Tien Man Fu, bringing the following Pe
king news:
under Ma (name of a general in the Chi
nese army), made its appearance near
Tientsin on July 4 and the arsenal, taken
by the allies a week ago, was recaptured
by them. The Chinese city of Tientsin
was fortified by the Chinese soldiers.
From the north th* report comes that
Chinese forces are moving and Tientsin
Is considered in a critical situation. Com
munication with Tonku is threatened. On
July 6. by steamer Sakuramura, Japanese
residents left for Taku."
KANSAS CITY. July 13.— Incensed at
the Boxer murders a cro«wd of men and
boys gathered about the laundry of Ah
Sing, a Chinese laundryraan. and started
a demonstration that caused Sing to call
on the police for protection. The crowd
passed the time throwing stones into the
laundry and calling out to the inmates
that it would kill them. A squad of po
licemen dispersed the crowd quickly and.
at the instigation of. Sing, who ia one of
the most intelligent of, the several hun
dred Chinese In Kansas City, guarded
the place during the night.
CHINESE Ha.TJNDEY ATTACKED.
Third of a mile professional— Fisher of
Chicago won. Leander of Chicago second.
Weber of Milwaukee third. Time 2:07 4-5.
One mile, handicap, professional— W. A.
Rutz of c New Haven . won, A. ' B. Stone
MILWAUKEE. July 15.— J. H. Lake
carried off the honors at th« cloning
night's racing of the N. C. A. grand cir
cuit events. Results:
Circuit Eaces.
LAKE THE WINNER.
Carries Off the Honors at ths Grand
SAN JOSE. July 15.— The Independents
of San Francisco lost to-day's game with
San Jobo by making costly errors In the
ninth inning. Both Snflth and Concan
non pitched good ball. Score: San Joses
7, Independents 5.
' COLUSA. July 15.— The local team to
day defeated the Vacavllles by a score of
12 to 4. Out of thirty-five games played
this season the Colusa nine has lost But
four.
VENTURA. July 15.— In one of the most
exciting. Interesting and hotly contested
games of baseball this afternoon the loc/U
team defeated the Maler & Zobeleln team
of Los Angeles in a ten-Inning game.
Score: 4 to 3. Batteries: Ventura-
Brown. Franklin and Gabbert; Maler &
Zobeleln— Simons and More. Umplre^ —
Maulhardt. Time of game— 1 hour and
45 minutes. Attendance, 600.
SAN RAFAEL. July 15.— The East Side
ball grounds was the scene of a good
game of baseball this afternoon between
the San Rafaels and the California^ of San
Francisco. The score stood at the close
of the game C to 3 In favor of the San
Rafaels. The grand stand was packed
with spectators. Fully a thousand people
witnessed the game, which was one of
the best played here this season.
STOCKTON. July 15.— A team of Elks
from the Oakland herd trampled upon an
aggregation from the Stockton corral In
a game of baseball at Goodwater Grovo
to-day. The score: Oakland 19, Stock
ton 4. ---^ '->¦;¦•
Defeat at Sail Rafael.
Special DlnmU-h to The Call.
Californians of San Francisco Meet
•MINOR BASEBALL.
AUSTIN, Texas, July 13.— Channlng B.
Barnes, alias 'Nelson, and Charles Wheeler
Barnes, who are under arrest in St. Louis
charged with robbing the Illinois Central
train at Mayfteld, Ky., were reared 'in
Austin. Their father is Charles W. Barnes,
a prominent grocer, who was for many
years a resident of Cincinnati, where he
was in charge of the .delivery department
of the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany. Channlng Barnes left here about
twelve years ago. and prior to and after
his departure he led a fast life. He trav
eled through the Western States and be
came Involved in much trouble, which
caused his parents untold worry and ex
pense. The last heard of him ;by his
former friends and acquaintances was
that he had been convicted and sentenced
to a long term of years in California for
a bold bank robbery. It was generally
thought here that he was still in prison
in that State until the news of his latest
robbery reached here this evening. His
brother Charles committed a burglary
here when but a mere boy and served a
term in the State Reformatory for the
crime: Since leaving that institution but
little haa been heard of him. as he left the
State and has not been home for several
years. k
The father and mother of the alleged
robbers were heaKbroken when informed
of the charges against them to-night. In
response to a statement concerning their
sons Mr. Barnes feelingly said:
. "We know nothing of Channing's life
since he was in Mexico. "We have spared
no expense or care in rearing our children
as far as education, religious, moral and
business example would go. All that fona
parents could 'lavish on their children to
make them good and worthy citizens we
have done."
Come of a Highly Kespected
Family.
leclal Dispatch to The Call.
Their Home Is in. Austin and They
Captain Charles D. Roberts of the
Thirty-fifth Volunteer Infantry, who was
captured by the Filipinos last May, has
been paroled.
IDENTITY OF ROBBERS
ARRESTED IN ST. LOUIS
Americans have captured some insurgents
who assert that they .witnessed the burial
alive of a member of the party of Lieu
tenant Gilmore of the Yorktown, captured
by the Filipinos in the spring of last year.
Coninued From First Page.
ALLIED FORCES
TW ICE DEFEAT
THE BESIEGERS
YOKOHAMA. July 13.— The Chinese Min
ister in Tokio has visited the Japanese
Minister of Foreign Affairs and commu
nicated to Km what is described as "the
first Peking: dispatch since the troubles
broke out." The dispatch says the murder
of the German Minister and other foreign
ers was due to the Taku affair and to the
sending of Admiral Seyciour'3 expedition.
and that the Chinese Government is now
doing its best to protect the foreigners ia
Peking.
GOVERNMENT TRYING TO
TO PROTECT FOREIGNERS
CITEFU, July 10, via Shanghai. July lSw—
Dispaichep received to-day from Tientsin
cover events that took place there on, July
6, 7 and 8. The Chinese axe growing la
numbers and audacity daily, and drawing
closer in. Their fire haa already wrecked
mfiny buildings. After the British and
Americans had unsuccessfully attempted
to capture the guns, the Chinese oa th©
night of July 6 fiercely attacked tha for
eign settlement, but were repulsed. The
next day th-e bombardment was renewed
from several new positions and sheila fell
In the British naval quarter, klllinff two
and wounding two. The artillery duel was
In progress on July 8, when, these dis
patches left.
SHELLS HURLED INTO
THE BRITISH QUARTER
Ep*c!ai Cable to The C*U and New York Her
ald. Cor>f1*ht. ISM, by the Hfrald Pub
lishing Company.
CANTON. July 13. via Hongkong, July
LI SAYS THE BOXERS
HAVE BEEN SUPPRESSED
LONDON. July 10. 3:30 e. m— It feem?
impossible to entertain any longer
the least doubt as to the fate of the
Eurcp-ans In Teking. The Associ
ated Press karris that Lady Hart,
wife r,f Sir Hobert Hart. Director of Chi
nese Imperial Maritime Customs, on July
I received the following telegram from her
husband:
"Our people, including ihe women, are
in the legations. Prepare to hear the
vont"
The Eurnpi-an goverrsment* have re
ceived frutn their representatives at
Shanghai a dispatch from the Governor
cjf Shantung, dated July 7. reporting
that the European troops made a sortie
from Peking and killed 200 of Oneral
Tung Fuh Siang's forces and that the
Boxer? •were mounting gun? to make a
breach in the defenses. 1'nder date of
July 12 the Governor of Shantung wired
*s follows:
"Native soldiers have been attacking
the legations for some hours, but have
not yet effected an entrance. They are
now all bombarding with large cannon to
make a breach for a heavy onslaught. I
hear that all the Ministers, and the Gov
ernment as well, are In great danger.
The Government is intensely anxious."
Finally came the news from Shanghai
that a breach had been made and the
foreigners killed. All the dates probably
refer to a much earlier period, but the
presumption is that the successive dis
patches give an outline of what has hap
pened. The European?, having reached
the end of their resources, made a desper
ate sortie ar.d then bravely met their
fate. The details of the horrible story
probably urfl] never b* known-
Allies' Success at Tientsin.
Admiral Seymours dispatches give the
latest news regarding the situation at
Tientsin. Telegrams fhovr that the oper
ntions on July 11 were a brilliant success.
The Japanese cavalry and a mounted
battery did splendid work. It was unfor
tunate that the allies did not have more
cavalry to i>um:e the fleeing enemy. Four
hundred Chinese were killej and six guns
raptured. At noon the settlements were
apain viciously shelled from the native
city and the hospitals and other buildings
were repeatedly J'-it. The moral enV-ct of
<he curcesses of the allie.l forces upon
the Chinese is believed to be very great.
General Gazelce and staff, with a force
of Bunjabs ir.fantry. arrived yesterady at
Ilonjrkcrg ar.d proceeded to Takil.
The French Cor.rul at Shanghai, at a
reception on Saturday, made an impas
piined speech. He said:
"The history of the world can show no
parallel to such & situation, and If the
abominable crime, the mere thought of
whirh makes us shudder, has been per
petrated then it Is our desire that swift
and summary punishment shall fall upon
The perfidious nation which committed It.
Our Government is fully aware of the
danger In which we are placed, and I can
assure you that we are doing all In our
power to avence the noble victims of
Chinese barbarity.**
Appeal of Americans.
Fo'loT.-Jug is the' text of an appeal of
Americans in China, assembled in mass
meeting at Shanghai, to their fellow citi
zens at hom*»:
'Trgo the Government to send adequate
forces to act effectively in concert with
the other powers. At present the Ameri
can forces are quite disproportionate to
the interests Involved. Our commercial
Interests in the northern provinces are
paramount, ar.d we consider it a humiliat
ing policy to entrust to other powers the
chief ta«k. that of protecting Americans.
"Foreign outrages are mulitplying daily.
Officials and missionaries are being mas
sacred. The fate of the Ministers and
their famlli**!" in Peking !p not known, but
a general massacre Is apprehended.
¦Wholesale; massacres of native Christians
continue. The whole country is terror
ized. Trade is paralyzed.
"The speedy restoration of order and
retribution are duties pressing upon all
civilized powers. The consequence? of de
lay will be dlsatrous. Xot only are for
eign lives and property placed In jeopardy.
but the loss of influence will be Incal
culable.
"Give no credence to statements of the
situation sent by the Chinese Government
to It? Ministers abroad. The present out
rages are the result of the weak and vac
cilating policy of the powers in the past.
We urge immediate, energetic and con
certed action."
Every port, even Shanghai, is menaced.
In the provinces of Hupe and Hunan
thousands of native Christians* have been
mutilated and tortured, the women being
first outraged and then massacred.
The morr.ing papers are unanimous In
believing that the foreigners have been
annihilate and in calling for retribution.
Th<> Chronicle comments upon the state
tr.ent of its Washington correspondent
that the I'nited States Government will
r.ot consider itself at war with China and
ea ys :
"If the Americans are resolved to ac
cept an apology and indemnity for Mr.
Conger's murder, they may as well take
the consolations without moving another
man or gtm.
"Emi>eT<ir William can scarcely take fhe
"Washington view, for he has pledged him
self to retribution, and he is a man of hla
word."
The Times publishes a letter from Its
Peking correspondent dated June 10.
which contains an assertion, made on
Fermingly pood authority, that the Em
press Dowa'er had decided that every
foreigner was to be massacred that night.
It also publishes the last message from
its t-orro.-por.dent. dated June 14. when the
Boxers had ma<le two attempts to rush
the foreign quarter.
Canton dispatch^? say that Li Hung
Chans: had planned to start for the north
on July IS. but he Is much debilitated.
He ordered the leader of the "Black Flag"
to march with 50.0W men overland to
Peking against the Boxers.
It is reported from Shanghai that the
allied fleets are concentrating off Shan
Hai Kwan and have been ordered to shell
g.nd capture the forts.
A Tokio telegram, announces that 19.000
Japanese troops are now embarking.
fjOS ANGELES. July 15.— Wong Yee
Chow presided over an exceedingly Inter
esting meeting of K-0 of the Chinese mer
chants and residents ai this city, held
this evening at their Board of Tralo
rooms to give expression to their views
on the present crisis in China.
Resolutions were passed pledging them
selves to do all in their power to up
hold and aPFist in upholding the laws vt
the Tnited States so long as they are res
idents of this country- They heartily dis
approve of words and speeches tending lo
produce animosities and misunderstand
ings between them and the citizens of
this country.
A copy of the resolutions was sent to
U Hung Chang, he being the Viceroy of
LOS ANGELES CHINESE
COMMUNICATE WITH HAY
S|*i-ial Dispatch to Tlie Call.
WASHINGTON. July 15.-Lieutenant
General Miles is carefully looking out for
the comfort of soldiers serving >in China.
He said to-day:
"The climate in the neighborhood cf
Tientsin and IV king is subject to great
change?. It is intensely hot in summer
and extremely cold In winter, the temper
ature In the iatter season often falling to
•50 decrees below zero. It 1* therefore
necessary that our troops should be sup
plied with warm clothing and plenty of
fuel. Furthermore, it may be that they
will be stationed Indefinitely In China,
how long we cannot at this moment tell.
It is* therefore desirabie that they shall
be supplied with tents and tent floors.
Everything will be done for the comfort
of the men that can be foreseen."
General Miles reiterated that he was
not going to China. A friend pointed out
that the American force in China would
be too small for an officer of the grade of
lieutenant general to command. General
Miles would naturally be glad to go could
he be in supreme command of the alliei
force?, but this Is impossible in view of
the determination of Japan to send a field
marshal.
MILES SAYS HE WILL
NOT GO TO CHINA
13.— Viceroy Li Hung Chang is leaving
here for Peking. He announce* that the
Boxers there are suppressed. The foreign
community here is anxious. Several no
torious pirate chiefs have come in, been
pardonrd by the Viceroy and have re
ceived military commissions. The United
Prate* gunboat Princeton left yesterday
fur the north.
APPEAL FOE PRAYERS.
SHANGHAI. July 13.— The American
missionaries ask the Associated Press to
publish the following:
"To the Christian people of the United
[Special Cable to the New York H>rald. Copv
rlght. 19C0. by New York Herald Com
pany. Republlcatlon of this dispatch ia
prohibited. All rights reserved in the
United States and Great Britain.]
LONDON, July 16.— The Dally Tela
graph publishes the following dispatch
from Its special correspondent:
"SHANGHAI. Friday, July 13.-I under
stand that the allied fleets are concentrat
ing at Shanghai-Kuan, thus Indicating an
intention on the part of the foreign com
mander to make a change in the route vf
attack on Peking."
CHANGE IN THE ROUTE
OF ATTACK ON PEKING
: Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 15.— "I do not give
up hope that my brother is still safe in
Peking, and that he and his family are
being protected by the Chinese authori
ties." said Rev. Edwin A. Conger, brother
of the American Minister, to-night. "It
Is true that many adverse statements
have been received, but hope is gained
from the report that the Chinese officials
have secreted the American representa
tive in the palace. From this circum
stance, I am led to believe, arises the fail
ure to hear direct from my brother."
When the Rev. Mr. Conger last heard
from his brother, on May 2S, the
American Minister was exceedingly anx
ious over rumors of an uprising that came
to Peking from the northern provinces.
Owing to the dangerous outlook Minister
Conger gave up his intended vacation for
this summer and the plans he had out
lined for participation In the present po
litical campaign.
Minister Conger was the recipient of
many honors as he passed through Los
Angeles and Pasadena in May. 1S96, on
his way to the Orient from Brazil, whence
he haCd been ordered by cable by Presi
dent McKinley. With Minister Conger
in Peking are Mrs. Conger, his daughter.
Miss Laura, aged 30; a niece. Miss May
Pierce, aged 24, an orphan who has throe
brothers at her home in Des Molnes; Mrs.
Woodward, wife of a Milwaukee mer
chant, and her daughter. Miss lone, and
Miss E. Payne of the same city.
Copyrighted. 1900. by the Associated Prsss.
CHEFU, July 10 (via Shanghai, July
15).— Se\'eral hundred refugees, most,' of
them women and children, have left Tien
tsin in accordance with Admiral Sey
mour's order to all non-combatants to
depart. Many women have remained be
hind, however, refusing to leave their
husbands, whose business detains them.
The refugees were sent down the river on
lighters and tugs, and were then" trans
ferred to merchant ships in the harbor.
The American. Japanese and German
warships received their people, the offi
cers of the United States gunboat York
town generously entertaining 200, many
of them missionaries and their families.
The British refugees were crowded in a
dirty freighter, and women accustomed to
luxuries have been sleeping huddled to
gether on the decks. They complain bit
terly because the half-empty British fleet
declines to receive them, and they have
drafted a strong protest to Admiral Sey
mour.
The United States transport Logan haa
arrived with the Ninth United States In
fantry from Manila. The work of dis
embarkation will occupy several days, as
boats are scarce. The Logan will take the
American refugees to Nagasaki and the
Yorktown will leave to tow the Oregon to
Yokohama.
Cannon from the warships are being
gent to Tientsin to silence the Chinese
guns. Twenty-three guns shelled the Chi
nese batteries yesterday, the Chinese re
plying Intermittently. Bodies of from 2000
to 3000 attack the foreign lines dally. A
field battery is supporting the brunt of
the attacks against the railway station
and agalnat the Russian and Japanese
outposts in that neighborhood. Bullets are
dropping throughout the foreign set
tlement at all hours of the day and the
people have become so accustomed to ft
that they go about the streets undis
turbed.
BROTHER OF MINISTER
CONGER STILL HOPES
NON-COMBATANTS ARE
FLEEING FROM TIENTSIN
NEW YORK, July 15.— A special to
the World from Washington says:
In the following publication th!3
morning of President McKtnley's
plan for China the World presents
In detail the administration's policy. The
Information herein contained comes direct
from the President himself, with but one
intermediary. The points decided upon
are these:
To co-operate with the powers for the
relief of foreigners in Peking If alive and
the punishment of the murderers If dead.
The United States will furnish Its full
quota of men and warships and bear Its
ehare of all needed expenses. But such
co-operation does not mean any deviation
from the fixed policy of Independent ac
tion. The allied army must march to
Peking. The United States will not be a
party to any alliance hereafter formed
for the dismemberment of China or the
acquisition of territory.
The United States will protest against
the dismemberment of China. Open door
trade relations and a distinctive govern
ment must be maintained. In any event
the United States. Great Britain and Ja
pan will act in unity as against other In
terested nations.
China must pay all expenses sustained
by the United States in prosecuting the
present efforts to relieve Peking. The In
demnity demands will depend altogether
on the expenditures made necessary In
conducting the projected military opera
tions.
A formal declaration of war will not
be made against China by the United
States, nor will the United States be a
party to any declaration of war by any
other nation, neither "Will It be recog
nized that a state of war exists. -
Kven the death of Minister Conger will
not render a session of Congess nec£3
sary.
The President will not return to Washt-
Ington at this time.
It is not Intended to Increase the pres
ent naval force in Chinese waters. It is
considered sufficient to meet all emergen
cies. «
Special C«M» to Th» Call and N«»* York Her
ald. Copyright. 1300. by tb« Herali Pub-
Ii3hlne Company.
MANILA, July 15.— Ths transports
Flintshire, Indiana and "Wyefldd started
for China to-day. Tfrey carried the Four
teenth Regiment and Daggett's Battery
of the Fifth Artillery en rout© to Taku.
The calm weather which prevailed dur
ing the> last few days greatly facilitated
the embarkation of the- troops, guns and
supplies. The present Is th© best-equipped
expedition that has left the Philippines.
It carries three months' provisions, win
ter clothing for 5000 men, 1,000,000 rifle
! cartridges and four siege guns, tinder
command of Captain Croxier.
A very large number of troops her* ara
anxious for service In China. Head
quarters are swamped with applications
from officers and men.
In addition to doctors and chaplains
the hospital ship Relief has been. ordered
to China, ¦
ADDITIONAL TROOPS
SAJL FROM MANILA
States: The missionaries !n China ask a
special prayer from every polpit for the.
guidance of the Government and the
speedy succor of Americans- and native
converts In extreme peril."
¦
. NAPA, July 15.— Constantius Morettl, an
employe of the Sawyer Tannery, and An
tonio Cogg" an employe qf the Miglla
vacca Wine Company, were drowned Sat
urday evening at Italian Bend in the
Napa River while bathing.
Drowned While Bathing.
PHOENIX, Ariz., July 15.— Judgre W. H.
Washington of Philadelphia, a direct de
scendant of Augustine Washington,
father of George Washington, died last
night at Castl* Creek Hot Springs of
consumption. He was 45 years old and a
lawyer of great ability.
Judge W. H. Washington.
Brakemen Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GLOBE, Ariz., July 15.— Horatio N.
Lyon, a brakeman on the Gila Valley
Railroad, was killed in a wreck this
morning. Tho car on which he was work
lng was overturned and ho was thrown
to the bottom of a deep gulch. His neck
was broken and his body badly mangled.
Actor John Torrance.
PHOENIX, Ariz., July 15.— John Tor
rance, a comedian, playing at the Park
Theater here with the Frank Cooley com
pany, died this morning from sunstroke.
Torrance was 55 years old. and had been
on the stage for thirty-five years. At one
time he was a very popular figure at
coast theaters. He was a son of Mrs.
Judah, who was famous a decade ago
for her work in Shakespeare and drama.
Sudden Ending of Rev. H. C. Brauer
of Pasadena.
PASADENA, July 15.-Rev. Herman C.
Brauer, pastor of the German Methodist
Church, dropped dead of heart disease
while preaching this morning.
DIED IN" THE PULPIT.
Will Address National League of
Republican Clubs in St. Paul.
NEW YORK, July 15.— Governor Roose
velt left this city to-day for St. Paul,
where he will address the National
League of Republican Clubs at their an
nual convention.
Governor Roosevelt said before starting
that he would positively not make any
speeches betv.-een here and St. Paul, and
that he would make but one speech at St.
Paul. He denied that he would stop off
at Cleveland to confer with Senator
Hanna.
Governor Roosevelt expects to address
the Hebrew Chautauqua. Society in At
lantic City July 23. Beyond that he said
he had no aefinite plan.
O'he &ay 9 s Read
ROOSEVELT TO SPEAK.
second. Fisher third. Time. 2:01 3-5.
One mile,.- 1. C. U. trial, amateur— J. H.
Lake of Port Richmond won. Leandor of
Chicago second, Wilson of Plttsburg third.
Time, 2:44 4-5.
Pursuit race — Lake and "Wilson vs.
Leander and" Weber— Won by Leander
and Weber; distance 1 7-10 miles. Time.
3:11.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July
15. — When I showed Minister Wu the official confirmation from Shanghai of the Peking
massacre, he said:- "I have no news of this. • In fact, I have heard nothing since the dispatch
I received from Sheng this morning. If this news be true, then I am too deeply shocked, too
sorry to be able to say anything that would express my views of this catastrophe."
'When I showed Minister Wu the dispatch announcing that the Governor of Shan
Tung confirmed the news of the massacre, he said:
"It is very sad, very sad. I no longer can believe that there is any room to doubt they
have been killed. My oijly hope is that not all of them perished; that some were saved, per
haps, through friendly Chinese, and particularly do I hope that Minister Conger and his fam
ily escaped. I do not like to talk about the massacre. It is too horrible.
"The Governor of Shan Tung is in a position to speak authoritatively. He commanded
8000 soldiers at Tientsin before he was promoted to be Viceroy of Shan Tung. He had them
thoroughly drilled and took them with him to his new post. With these he undoubtedly has
been able to establish reliable courier communication with Peking, not telegraphic but by run
ner. The distance is traversed by carts in about ten days, but runners can make it in five.
"I would give anything," he continued, "to get an answer to the message I sent Minis
ter Conger. That would upset all of these press dispatches, in which I cannot distinguish the
truth from falsity. But not a word has come — not a word have I heard from my Government.
I do not understand the situation at all." •
MINISTER WU ADMITS THAT
ALL HOPE IS NOW AT AN END
It Is Alleged the United States
Will Act in Unity With Great
Britain and Japan as Against
Other Interested Nations.
Request the Washington Govern
ment to Send Attenuate Rein
forcements to Aid in Quelling
the Boxer Fanatics.
AMERICANS IN CHINA ISSUE AN URGENT APPEAL
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 16, 1900
THE INFAMOUS PRINCE TUAN
SHANGHAI. Friday, July IS.— There has
been serious rioting In Nlngpo, where the
Roman Catholic mission has been burned.
No details have yet been received.
Catholic Missions Burned.
THE NOBLE PRINCE CHING, WHO. WITH THE AGED GENERAL
WANG WENG SHAO, IS SAID TO HAVE DIED AT THE HEAD OF
HIS TROOPS. BATTLING IN DEFENSE OF THE FOREIGNERS
AGAINST TITAN'S MURDEROUS BOXERS AND REVOLTED SOL
DIERS.
2
ATWKR/rrRKlVTV.MT^
JUST RECEIVED-
Another New Invoice
...OP...
FINE
SUMMER
SHOES!
LADIKS- PATENT LEATHER LACS SHOES*
plain toes. LXV and plain heels 93.0O
LADIES' BLACK KID OXFORDS. LXV and
plain heels 91.5O to 95.OO
LADIES* PATENT LEATHER OXFORDS.
LXV heels 94.OO 95.0O
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS, full assortment....
*l.-.-» to 93.00'
MEN'S TAN* -and BLACK VICI KID LACE
SHOES $3.50 $5.0O
MEN'S TAN and PATENT LEATHER OX-
FORDS 94.00 To.OO
POPULAR PRICES.
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S. F.
d visit OR. JORDAN'S great 4
OF ANATOMY?
\ TF. The Largest ArutonucU Museum in Ibo T
W tt " 0 "*'- W«Jcae»!<e« «r any cuntracted m
V. WC KM' diie.-.te ?>-iHlvrljr curodliy thef>las*t V
fSifjal Spccuikjraibt. Cout. En. yb ¦*****¦ -$
0 fl?£*$ Op " *"Cn3.5L 1 i-PR17A7E CiSEASES &
A a ®M^fi Ce.irj|t»aj?l frr-s and itrt-t!v priv»:«. v*
0 B AJ^t « nment prrionaliy rr bv Ir:ter. A. §
\fi If M ***•"** ?"** "* e«ry ease undertaken. T
0 r H llfi>
U ]7 H*naiACK, mailed vitas. i.\\
A Q Ip' ¥2!u»Sls book for mraj A
y^nB^JOgPAy^CO^lO&Ularfcgt Stj&rfESCORTING THE EE3HAXNS.
Body of Senator Gear Being Taken to
Burlington for Burial.
"WASHINGTON. July 13.— The remains
of the late Senator Gear of Iowa were re
moved from here this afternoon and will
be taken to the Gear home a.t Burllng-ton.
Iowa, where funeral services will b« held
Wednesday afternoon. The casket con
taining the remain.? was inclosed in a
heavy oaken box with plain silver handles.
Elgnt members of the Capitol police force,
in full uniform, carried the casket from
the hearse to the express car. There wa3
an absence of flowers or display of any
kind. Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
escorted Mrs. Gear to the train. Those
accompanying the remains were Colonel
Ransdell. serseant-at-axma of the Senate:
Secretary Wilson. Colonel Root, tne Sena
tor's private secretary and Mrs. Gear's
maid. At Chicago they win be met by
a number of relatives of the deceased
Senator and a committee of Burlington
citizens.
ANNIVERSARY OF SIXTY
YEARS OF WEDDED LIFE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA. July 15. -Mr. and Mrs. A.
D. Sewaxd celebrated their sixtieth wed
ding- anniversary yesterday, and a. public
reception was tendered the aged couple
at the Presbyterian Church Ia3t night.
Over 300 friends attended and congratu
lated, the unusually Ions wedded couple.
Children, grandcliilciren and great
grandchildren attended. The couple were
both bora in New York April 13. ]£J5. and
were married In Indiana July-13. 1S4O. They
ha.v» resided In this city since liSJ.
Will Beside in California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STAFFORD UMTERSm, July 15.—
Another compliment' has been paid to the
people and to the glorious climate of Cal
ifornia, by an Eastern millionaire. Georjro
B. Cooksey, formerly of Irving-ton, X. Y.,
has chosen . this State for his future
home and has commenced the erection of
a. bouse which bids fair to ba one of the
finest ar.d most substantially built
country residences In CaliTorala.
tained all the official statistics of the
census of the Territory, but. they were
removed to a p^ace of safety.
The Western Union opened its office this
morning in a. grocery store, and the
Pcstal ha* j opened an o3ice' at
the railroad dspot. The electric
li^rht pole?? and wires were de
stroyed in the burned district, and tne
town tvill be in darkness until they can be
replaced. T>>e company also owns the
telephone system, and Uvses more than
half of its instruments.
In the excitement last r.isht it was
stated that on? rr.:in lost his life In the
fire. This fortunately proves to have been
At sunset the wind, which had blown a
gale during the day, died away and the
aan&Dg debris shot* forth a livid glare as
in mockery at the scene of desolation.
Hundreds of neonle visited the pla.ee dur
ing- the day from the surrounding country
and adjacent mining camps. The aftpr
noon train from Phnenix and the one on
the Prescott and Ka.«tern from Mayor
brought larjre delegations from those
places. Citizens who yesterday were com
fortably fixed are to-day homeless and
penniless, a. number losing both their bus
iness places and their residences. An
army of carj»enters has been bu.«y all day
putting up temporary structures, many
of which have been completed and will
open for business to-morrow.
Of the three printing oQces In town all
that was saved was a.bout thirty cases cf
type by the Courier. The destruction of
the others was,comp!ete. The proprietor
of the Journal-itiner saved onlr his
books. Included in the latter's loss was
a Mergenthaler linotype installed in the
office only three months ago. The two
above papers have already made arrange
ments for continuing publication, al
thouih but little insurance was carried by
either.
In conversing with a number of the
heaviest losers to-<iay it was learned that
most of them will rebuild at once.
The oriTin of the fire was unknown un
til this evening, when it was learned that
a man rooming- over the bottling works
was lying- in bed readinj? by candle light
¦when a piece of loose pap^r on the wall
caught fire. He ran out to give the alarm
and before others reached the place the
fire wajj beyond control.
Extra police are on Rtiard to-nijrht over
goods ia temporary structures erected to
day and over the vaults of the banks
which are exposed to view, and the fire
patro! is also bein^ maintained to prevent
ajjy- fresh, outbreak, although with the dy
ing down of the wind but little apprehen
sion Is felt to-night.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. July 13,-fA scene of
the gpate.it desolation and feellr.x of
ile^'pesz glocrn pervades tills town to-day.
Ailthat remains of the principal trisiness
portion of the town is tottering wills and
piles of charred and burning debris.
The Sre, which started at 10:15 o'clock
last night, was under control at 3 o'clock
this morning, whfn the tire fi?h^rs went
a considerable distance in advance of
tte flames and blew up the buiiciinjr on
the ?outh side of Goodwin street, pie rent;
ins them from crossing that street. The
burned district embraces five blocks. In
which were located th» principal mercan
tile houses, both banks, both telegraph of
fices, tte three newspaper offices, four ho
tels, every saloon and every restaurant
except one in the town, besides scores of
private residences. To add to the prevail
ing glocm a high wind ha* prevailed all
day, **?n<iir.f; smoke, dust and burring em
bers in every direction, re<v:iring the
greatest vigilance to prevent another out
break of the conflagration. Owing to the
chaotic condition existing to-day it ia im
possible to pbt.Tin an accurate account
of the loss or individual insurance. The
most conservative estimate of the total
loss places it at from a million to a mil
lion and a half dollar*, and from inter
views with insurance agents the total in
surance does not exceed $?<5o,0O0..
Individual Losses.
TT* hPivi»<<t losers are as follows: '
Bashfcrd-BurniiJter Company. 1250.000:
Sam Hail. $T3 .*>.•: Hotei Burke, KO.'X.-O: D.
Levy & Co.. 540.000; Jake Marks. $25.0s»;
R. R. Bannister & S<->n?> Company. JIM.WjO;
C A. Dake. SCO .CMiO; Ed Block. J25.OJU; J.
W. Wi!«on. S3MXtt; Kelly & Stephens,
J10.CC0; Journal-Miner.' HiOOQ; Bank of
Arizona. S10.QOO; ¦ Prcscott National Bank.
ro.0C!>: W. H. Smith. J10.WW; Presoott
liouw, »<00; the Courier. J'SOOfl: Golden
Ea?:e Hotel. $!#*>; Sropel. $15,000; F. G.
Becht. JW.GOO; Windsor Hotel. 510.000;
Mountain City drug--«rore. JSixH); Brink.-
Mqwr Hotel. JSOOO; H. Vog-e. KOno; Le»
Brothers, d*- 11 ): Joe Roberts. V*X*); Vienna
Bakery. ECOO; Cabiret saloon. $10,000; Pal
ac» saloon. $10 .'00; Prescott Electric Com
panv, $5000. ,: . .- .,
In addition tortile forpjyofng- there were
fourteen or fifteen saloons with losses
ranging from $1000 to $3«0.
Five rostaurar.t.*. five barber-shops, two
meat markets and fifty or sixty residences
¦were destroyed.
In many cases the Ics5es mentioned do
not include building^.
At <Iayl!ght this mnrtin? teams were at
work hauling? lumber to th-» public plaza,
and this evening it is covered with tents
ar.d temporary frame buildinsr?. Tne oc
cupants will be ready for business to
morrow.
Both bank* have secured temporary
quarters and will resume to-morrow.
The Bashford-Burmister Company will
open for business to-morrow In Its ware
hocs*. two blocks from the plaza.
Assistance Offered.
Actinr Governor >ker* gent a proffer
of assistance from Phoenix, and Hon. W.
A. Clark of the United Verde CoDoer
Company, who was visiting the work3 at
Jerome, wired a draft for $300.
All the sufferers from the fire are Dro
vld^d with food, shelter and clothing, ftnd
it Is not thoug-ht any outside assistance
will be required.
The only bcsine«s houses remaining in
the town are Coldwater Brothers. A.
Blumben? and llrs. R. R. Blalne. dry
poods: Joseph Dougherty. T. W. Otis and
J. I. Gardner, proceries. and TV. W. Ross
and W. P. Covilll-ud. drug*. The express
ofiic« and postaiSc* were both, out of the
fire limits, but the latter had a close call.
All the mail and effects were ready to be
moved at a moment's- notice.
! The ofHce of the Supervisor of Census
for the Territory was located la the Fres
cott National Bank bundles and con-
EMPORIA. Kan.. July 15.— C. V. Esk
rldge, editor of the Emporia Republican,
and former Lieutenant Governor of Kan
sas died at his home in. this city to-day
frorn the effect of a self-inflicted wound.
Eefore he died, Mr. Eskridze. who had
been ill for several month3, said he knew
he could not live\and that he was tired
Of life.
At 3:30 this morning Mr. Eskrtdjre's son,
who slept in an adjoining room, was
awakened by a pistol shot. Running to
his father's room he found the latter
{rroanins from a wound in the upper part
of the body and still grasping- the pistol
with which he had shot himself. Young
E«kridge aroused the family and went for
a phv £1 cian. Mrs. Elizabeth Dickson of
Kansas City, a sister in law of the sick
man was the first to reach the room after
tr*e son had left. As she entered. Esk
ridge weak from his Illness and from loss
of blood from the pistol wound, raised
himself or* his elbow and again pointed
his weapon toward himself. A brief strug
gle between them ensued, Mrs. Dickson
trying to secure the revolver. Before he
could be overpowered, the wounded man
sent a second bullet into hi3 body and
fell backward in a faint. Two hours later
he died, despite the efforts of physicians.
Mr. Eskriaje remained conscious to the
last and talked with his family as they
stood about his bed. He had been ill with
cancer of the liver for several months.
He knew he said, that recovery was im
possible, and he did not care to suffer
longer.
Charles V. Eskridse was born In Vlr
sinla in IS43 and came to Kansas in 1S55.
He had been identified with Kansas pol
itics since before the civil war. having
been a Representative in the Legislature
from 1SC3 to 13S2, and State Senator in
LS64. He served as Lieutenant Governor
with Governor James W. Harvey from
ISfil to LSTL Since 1S>1 he has owned and
edited the Ernporia Republican, one of the
strongest Republican newspapers in the
State.
Was Suffering From an Incurable
Disease, and Preferred Speedy
Iteath. to Idonths of
Suffering.
Well Known in Political Cir
cles and Once Lieutenant
Governor of Kansas.
C. V. ESKRIDGE
ENDS HIS LIFE
WITH A BULLET
LOSS AT PRESCOTT MORE
THAN A MILLION DOLLARS
Food and Shelter Has Been Provided for
the Sufferers and Outside Aid Wili
Noi Be Required,
Special Dispatch to The Ca'.l.
PALL HEADQUARTERS. SANTA
CRUZ, July IS.— The stirring sound
Uof reveille awakened Camp O'Ryan
at 6:2^ o'clock this meming. Hardly
had the echo of the baste died away
in the distance when the cadets
poured cat cf their tents and prepare-! for
the day"? duties and pleasure?. Ten min
utes later the regimental band took up Its
station close to the tall flagpole, and as
the Star? and Stripes were hoisted to Its
p^ak the strains of the national anthem
fined the air. As the flag was hoisted the
cadets paused in their work ard stood at
attention. After a h?arty breakfast of
Eu?h and milk, chops and steaks, and
tisc-Jirs like "mother used to make." the
regiment prepared for church.
At S^O o'clock the regiment, headed by
Colonel K. J. Power, marched to Holy
Cross Church, where a special mass was
celebrated fcr the fc^n^fit of the organiza
tion. Rev. Fatter Phil O'Ryan. spiritual
dir<»ctor cf the regiment, was the cele
brant, and he was assisted by Rev. Father
M. J. Col«=man of Marysville and Rev.
Father McNamev. pastor of the church.
Private James O'Dea cf the hospital corps
».—.-„» ___ o-i/4 -i»i n i.-r-orr*i rhofr ren-
dered special music. The sacred edifice
was crowded with parents and friends of
the cadets. The latter were seated in the
body cf the church and made a martial
appearance in their natty uniforms. As
they answered to tbp prayers of the priest
the clattering of their swords echoed
through the edifice. The mass was not.
strictly sp«»akine-. a military one. as the
drum wa« not beaten in place of the gong,
which was rung at the altar at the eleva
tion cf the host.
Father O'Byan's Sermon
In his sermon to tne assemsiea caaeis
Father O'Ryan gave them some sound
ad\ice. In part he said:
Toy are enterir.* upon year w?»k's •n<?a.-np
m^ct. Yaa cote* her* asacas a. people who
have £:v«n you a very «r»nercus w"leora»; you
c~-m* r.^t rrefir as Individuals, bnt yaxi com*
as representatives oi a great society and a
sa.-r»<l cause. As Ion* as you wear the uni
; ; ra of the Leasti** of th- Cro«s. no matter
what you <"-<> or where you are. you are known
t"> fc* "a. soi.iier ot temperance: you are kr.own
tii stand Tor a. great and a sacrM cause. Tou
can cio a sr'sat. deal for your cause— for tt«
gnoj name and for reform. Tou can <J» a. ?reat
tfea.1 fcr society and for rourseli by your «r.T
•rnplary conduct this week. Tou know that
terrr-erance 13 sometimes associated with
cranks. The latter class wante-i to close up
¦very drinkln* place an-1 rorop'l every person
eirth Co abstain frona liiuor. The Leajrue
ha? adapted different methods and different
principles', but you can show the people that
you »r» not crank?. Tou are soldiers of tem
perance ajid you mw show th« world that you
a.r« manly boys and youths anil ret you can
enjoy yourselves and be tsmperate.
Services being concluded the regiment
marched back to camp. The boys em
ployed the time that intervened before the
call for dinner by playing ball and swim
ming in the «urf.
The city i< well filled with visitors who
came here to enter into the social life of
the camp. Throughout the day they rilled
the camp grounds.
The flrst night in camp was remarkable
for its incider. r s and excitement. Tired
as they were after their long journey, the
rollicking cadets managed to have fun
making the lives of their fellow members
miserable. Those who secured sleep had
to take anesthetics. When "taps" was
blown and the camp was in darkness
sounds of all kinds emanated from the
tents. Then the stragglers began to stroll
Into camp. Some came through the gate.
others ciimbed the fence, many came
through convenient holes made by the ad
vance guar^ The guard was on the alert
and made many captures. The unfortu
nates were compelled to seek rest in the
guardhouse and in the morning clean the
streets.
Each Tent Has Its Name.
Every tent in camp has been giv^h a
name by Us inhabitants. The read to "L."
the headquarters of Company L. !s made
VIEW OF THE CADETS' CAMP AT SANTA CRUZ
known by a gaudy sign. J. Griffen and D.
Olwell are known as the "hatchet men"
because of their fondness for "chop suey.''
Company O has dubbed its street Fon
taine Boulevard in honor of i's drill mas
ter. The "C lions" are Steve Crowley.
Charles SlcKeever, "Bill" Hall and "Jim"
Sharkey. Their pathetic howls in the stil!
hours of the night make them the joy o*
the camp.
Musician Ed Moore. Samuel Tale. Archie
Artigues and Will Watson ar^ members
of the "Salmon Bellied Social Club." They
purpose giving a "sucker party" to-mor
row night. The "Deaf ami Dumb Choral
Society." which is composed of "Brick"
Thompson. Jack HcEnerney. Joe O'Brien.
Jack Wilson and Frank Leonard, will give
a concert in "3o!o" Hall to-night. The
Inimitable Stevo Douglas will play a few
ragtime selections with his fingers.
"Billy" O'Connor. Andy Burke.' Frank
I Oneto and Dan Smith, who are known as
; th» "Katzenjamrner Kid?." are as mis
j chievous as the famous German boys of
i Artist Dirk?. The ••Rag-Tags" ar.=? Jack
j Fo!«y. C. Hall. Charles Pinkham and "W.
j Nolan, and they take delight in telling
{ their friends that theirs was the flrst: tent
' raided by the guard the first night in
camp. On the escutcheon which sur
mounts the ridge pole of their tent ta the
following mott>: "At banquets we shine,
for mating we pine: but ail we want is
» three squares a day." This statement i<
\ signed by the cadets. Jack Donohue. Jack
! Ccmyti, Jack Curley an«i Fr«><i Ke^sel are
j known as "The Hoboes." "The Boxers"
I are Charles Levy. J. Tehaney, J. Creedon
I and G. Fagan. They have a yellow flag
over their tent' as a sign of their na
tionality.
After the Merry Pranks of Saturday Night the Boys
Spend a Quiet Sabbath in Camp.
One Hundred Thousand Dollars' Worth
of Property Destroyed by
NEWCASTLE, July 13.— At 4 o"c!ock
thi^ morning- a fire destroyed the entire
budin>a35 portion of Newcastle.
It i3 supposed that the tire originated
in an old ice house occupied by tramps.
It spread rapidly, completely destroying
all the fruit houses of the town and other
lead'"- business houses and several fine
residences. So rapid was the progress of
the flames that little personal property
waa saved. The total loss exceeds $100,000.
The principal losers are: Earl Fruit
Company, fruits, box lumber, paper COOK
Porter Bro*.' building, stock of lumber,
paper, nails. JI'ViiW: W. J. Wilson &. Son.
building-, fruits and material, JSuOO; sichna
bel Bros. & Co., building-, fruiu and ma
terial. J10,Ci»>; George D. Keiiogg-. building,
fruits and material. XiO.OOO; Suva. .& Ler?
taoldt Company, building-, fruits and ma
terial, 13000; Producers' Fruit Company,
S3C0; Newcastle Hotel. *S300; E. A. H.
Smith, drug- store. J3-*jO: J. F. Madden,
store and barn. J50u>; Henry & Webb, car
riage works, $4000; Towle Bros. Company,
lumber yard. *SuOO; C. F. X. Ice Company.
$50o; F. O. E. ice Company, SoOu; Southern
Paciric t'onpany rolling stocit and fruit in
cars, 85.000: John C. Bog^s. residence.
S3D0O; ilrs. H. C Mitchell, residence, SBOO;
J. S. Mitchell, household ?ood3. SOOO;
Miss Culver, residence, IS30O; C. P. John
son, building-. $150; lliss Nettia Forbes,
building. HjO«>; L. D. Brown, household
goods. $100«>: Band Hall. $1000. The insur
ance is hardly 50 per cent of the loss.
Rapid progress will be made toward the
resumption of business. The ru3Q of the
season is now on md the delay will cause
heavy losses to shippers and producers.
Over ten thousand boxes of fruits were
destroyed.
Clearing Away Dabris.
Th<» work of ctearfn? away the debris Is
proceeding in a gratifying manner. The
railroad company shows due appreciation
cf the importance of prompt action, and
is sparing BO effort to respond fully to the
demand3 of the situation. It i3 clearly
seen that the shippers will be in a position
to protect the interests of the community.
and Eastern shipments to-morrow will not
be much short of the usual output- It is
possible that for a day or two the shipping
facilities of Penryn will be availed of.
The town has been in a turmoil of ex
citement all day. Thousands of people
from all directions visited t>* town, ex
pressing condolence and offering aid if re
quired, but as no suffering exists no as
sistance will be required, and Newcastle
extends thanks to her kind neighbors.
Newcastle has for many years been the
pri.de and upbuilder cf Placer County, and
now in her Srst serious reverse It is a
matter of extreme pleasure that such a
kind display of sympathy is shown. Satur
day had been a busy day. and the crews
of clerks and carloaders had been busy
far into the ni?ht. This has been the
usual daily routine, and in the morning
with tir»d. drowsy men. it was not an
easy task to arous-* a town, when the cry
cf tire was rir«t heard.
It seemed a long interval before a sec
end voice was heard giving the alarm. A
prominent merchant who heard the ear
liest voice sprang from his bed in his
store. He believes he was not fifteen sec
onds in dressing. He at once turned a
span of hor^s out of his barn and closed
the gate. He had only time enough to
rave his ledger, cash register and a cab
inet of blanks, etc.. when the names
drove him frora his building, which was
thoroughly dismantled and only the
solid brick and stone wall remains.
Bnilding3 Destroyed.
The Earl Fruit Company has been, using
a new shed which the railroad company
built a couple of years ago for public ac
commodation. It consequently loses no
building. Porter Brothers & Compar.v
among others losses include the finest
frnit house in the county and also load
ing sheds and platforms. "U". J. Wilson i
San lo*^ a commofitotis building which
was amnle and suitable for their fast in.-
irreasicj?- trade. Schnabel Brothers &
Ccmpany had probably tits best equipped
fruit bouse in town. The/, like Portsr
Brothers & Company and the Earl Fruit
Company operate during the oro^se 3i?a.
son in other sections b<?y.do3 Newcastle.
but probably handle core Newcastle cr
icsea than any other hotise ia t^^<
county. Oeorg-o r>. Kelloe^-. who occu
pies considerable space in the fruit housa
row. Is an exteraive shipper cf ail kizd3
cf fruit3. HLj eva-icrattr.? plan: In un
xStrctr^l by the fire, a.3 is also th>» new
building he Is rushing to completion for a
fruit cannery, which he will" during tha
comic? season or>.Ta;».
Silva & Berirthold: ha3 tnst con
pletetl a. new fmir hor^se. about i" %.: ;" feet
•iimensiona. and had Just moved Into tc
It was also destroyed. The Pro
ducers' Fruit Company have a building
recently secured, but they had not yet
occupied it. These firms have for many
years handled the Newcastle fruic crops
and have been l.lentiied and have grown
up with ths interests of the cotmnuniry.
The railroad fire train was 3«nr up fca
a alow kind of ?. wiy from Kccklin and
proceeded to fight grass Cre? around taa
tumble-dowr:. rickety old eyesore which t:
calls "the deoot." It had been os itra
prior to the arrival cf the Sra train, an i
the people e* the towr*. who universally
would be delighted to se© It renrove^U
saved It from destruction. A popular 50
cent subscription, for the purpose o£
ttidbllnsr it down the bank and paying for
it. could have promptly teen raised.
Forbearance Sna'ly cea.«ed to be a Ttrtue.
and a number of men finally grabbed tha
hose in an endeavor to save the hotel,
which should have been done with the
means at hand, but it ¦was given ut>. a3
there was no water In the tank, and tha
loss* of the hotel followed. There were no
ca^T^iltie3 la the town, alrhoush threg
person* are reported to have been, slightly
SUBMARINE BOATS FOR
THE VARIOUS HAR30RS
Govermaest "Will Direct That Two cf
Holland's Crafts Ba Stationed
ca This Coast,
5peci*l Dispatch to Tha Coll.
WASHINGTON. July 13.— Under ?!a=3
idopted by the Navy Department, subma
rine boat protection will be supplied tj
every important harcor cZ the United
In a contract for six submarine boats
now bein^ prepared by Jurfsre Advocaf*
General Lemley the Holland Company will
be r^uireii to deliver the vesseia a; cer
tain desitmated harbors. Two of th>» b*rat3
are to be built on th* Pacific Coast and
four on the Atlantic Coast. Holland will
be retained at Ne-arport.
One of the new vess«;l3 will be stationed
at Boston, another at New York, a third
at Philadelphia and the fourth a; Charles
ton. S. C. The Plunder will be stationed
at Hampton Roads tar the defense of Nor
fork. Richmond and Washington, and. if;
Improvements can be made so that the
ves3e! can operate in a seaway, for Balti
more.
On the PaciSc Coast cne of the bcat3
will be stationed at San Francisco and tha
second will be assigned to Portland or
Pug-et Sound, prcbabiy the latter port.
Ocsari Staai=.2r3
MOXTRH.Vl^-ArnTed July 1>-S:=r Par 1 , •for,
from Liv^r^coi.
SOCTH-VilPTOr — Arrtv-3 J=Ir 13— St=s?
Trave, Bran N^w Tcrit. fir CfcurScors aal
Eresi<»n. ar.d Erx:eeti*l.
QUHSNSTOvVN— bailed July 1S—St=r Lc>*a-
I ASTOBXA. Or.. J3I7 li— A tTro-itary frxaa
taildin? ccTupted by the A1a<!c.% PaclcsraT A»-
I «ociarx:a was destroyed by Cr» t^-sJ«ii. T6fl
I less is JTJ.*S>.
BUSINESS SECTION OF
NEWCASTLE IN RUINS
?r**^-l r:*pat.c!i ta Tfc» Call
SAN* SCS-E1. July 13.— A terrible tragedy.
in which cr.e hu=-^an life was sacrificed
tri tnotbtT rrinr. b now ir. the Receiving
Hospital. Caxeilns on the border cf death,
was the rulmi-.ation of The jcint picnic
cf the tan Francisco and San Jose Brew
ers' and Bottlers' un'.or.* at Agricultural
Pmric tc>-dav.
Two- tra;nlcad« of excarsicnists arrived
fc this city at D:3a o'clock. They were
net by a local delegation cf brewers and
•eccrted to the park, where festivities
¦were condurted. It being a brewers' pic
ric, beer was locked 090a as a ntceulljr.
Kefrs cf beer surrounded *he bar. and to
avoid the po*sibi!::y of any one becoaiins
dry wngtma made honrty trips to a near
fcy fcreTrrT--. I; tras cot !onr before the
roti^h *i«rn»nt h-^^rsn to shOTV the effect
Cf lir-cr r.r : . • --¦ r>s r- ::x-.r < = ¦!=•! free
fights tock ?>>:<-. in which Sheriff har.g-
Jord and bis deputies made vigorous use
cf their club*. Th*y were equal to the
occasion. howe-ver. and successfully
Quelled all disturbances.
Shortly after 5 o'clock the visitors de
parted and were sorm follcrred by the
Sheriff sr.d his depctie*. leaving the park
In the po^*£*5i"n cf a nci?y and drunken
crb.
Then was e-icted the traredy which
wa.<» due to the drunken fury cf Fred
Berg-erTt. a Deputy Constable cf Alviso.
and. in the cpinicn of eye-witnesses, was
¦without the least cause or provocation.
EerzTc*. wfao had been drinking h?av
fly since eariy in the anernoon. was
t's.rA'.T.g inside the ground? abcTit seventy
feet from the entrance and was attempt
irg to plxc* an ajred man known as B1-
issrck Bisfier arrest. Several persons, cf
¦whnm Joseph Cecb and Acgnst Berber
•w^re Ea th« Ie»d, all cf when were intoi
ica.-»i. ---zTizei ir. the di.«cus?!on with
Berger>,t and endeavored to persuade him
from hia purpose.
As Bergvr ar.d Cech advanced toward
him. Beigerut. who wa.« seven feet
aw^y. dr^Tir hla teyolver and fired a shot
trto tr_-- air. FT" then lowered the weapon
a_-.~ r :r.t:-.sr It at B*r;r~r 2red. The
wosbded rr.2.r. feQ sad partially supported
htezelf with hi« left arm. While in this
rendition Ber^erot fired ajrain. Ke then
turned &t.£ sent the deadly bullet oti its
way that cut short the career of Cech.
who had started to run. The bullet took
*>n>ct behind the left ear. The shot di
rected at Eerser struck him en the top of
the h<sad and ploughed its way through
the urr^r portion of his skull. The wound
w-;:i prove fatal and it is not expected he
will live thrcug-h the night.
Ir:n:«^:5.;eiy after the murder Deputy
Si'rifT B. G. GrswcO pushed his "way
thro-?'!: *~e er?i*d and placed B<?r;rerot
order arrest. The prtsccer remarked to
him. "It tra? irery jrood shoctire." tot hL»
jocular manner jrave tray to fear wh«r. he
was s™rr-?un<1e^ by an &cjrry racb which
teear. to utter threats against his life ar.d
cri»d. "LyTi^h bins!" "Take hin away
fl win the cr5c»x!" Gruwell drew his re
vciver and amid ;he howls ar.d threats of
rh« mT'Mfr't crowd naxched his prisoner
to the main ra:**"
Kere CrcrveH ?*I«"phc:ti*<I far assi5tar.ee.
ard Deputy Sheriff Rires responded with
a bUUT s.r.i tnrk B^r?ernt to the County
JaiL D-jr:: c .-. .- r: J» to the jail he rnain
t-ilr.'-i a K ?>- :-it<« Or.ce. and erfdestly b*
jrin Cfl r«a!::p for the f.rst ttae th* enor
mity of hi? crime.
Tt" principal* in the tragedy are all lo
cal cxea. Penc»rot. the murderer, but re
cently received his appointment fr^in the
Bcani of Supervisors. Cech. the dead man.
«r.<i Berg^r. fcis cnmrariioi. were employe 1 *
cf the FreiJericK^b'anj 3r?w?n'- Cech
leaves a wilt ar.d Eer??r has a wife asd
fwo chl'<iri?r.. xrho are completely pros
trated by tte fad occurrence.
Tre-zizz Hcb Surrounds the Mur
derer and Attempts to Tak- Him.
A-araj Frozi the OSccrs,
2'j.t Is Beaten Back.
LYNCHING BARELY AVERTED
BREWERS'
OUTING ENDS
IN TRAGEDY
One Man Killed and Another
Fatally Injured at
San Jose.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS
UNDER TENTS AT SANTA CRUZ
THE .SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 16, 1900.
3
If you've got 53 50 to spend for a pair of
shoes to-day try a pair of the famous
"Walkovers at the new Baldwin Annex
Etore. F. F. Wright, proprietor. • •
ADVZ3TI5Z2£ZSTS.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair,
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FH.LED AB-
SOLT-TEI-Y V.TTHOtT PaIN*. by cur late
•cw»nti"c in»tSio'l atpl:*-} to the rarer. Xo
Tti*v+ are tile only <ientai p«rior» in San
Frar.clsrfl havirjr PATENTED APPLIANCES
an<1 tactvOcota n »irract. fill asd apply colt
crcTM *n<i pijrc*Ia.Is crown* unil«»-<sctabie from
> na.tur»J t^^r h. ami warrant**! for t^a v*?a.r^.
WJiHOVT THE LEA#T PALS'. Fuli set of
t»*tii S3: a p*rT»cr fit riaraste-l or rx> pay.
Osld rrwt». C. Old ftIUr.K3, »:. ?i:r»r fill-
ir.r». Sflr. All wcrk don- by ORADUATE DEX-
TT^TS r*t fr^ts 12 to 20 r<**r«' exr*ri«?sc«. a.n3
«ic!j iSep*rr;Ti;<^ir In chanr- ¦* * *t*c!alLat- O:^-»
c« a cail. and roi win fcd ns to do exactly
a* *•• iIwJm. TT» Till roll 700 !a advaac*
¦>-r«.rr!T wtut Tror work wtu crwt by a FREE
EXAMINATION".
mgg\ Bf AJ L'D gJ^Ua
New York Osfita! Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAM F*A*C!SCO.
5£AIN* OmCE PORTL.on?. OR.
BSJLM'H SE.VTTLE. WASH.
MUNYON'S INHALER
CURE5
§^% CATARRH
v***l? Coldj, Coughs,
Hay Fever, Bron-
ff»t|«*5^?|^chitis, Asthma
% £Ji- nd a11 Disease*
the Throat and
ris-ts c* iIiMil<sted Taper are laial*d
'¦b-onxii tis* =i3=tt aai eaiitseil fn?a ts<» aam-
• - e:<r*=si=* a=a Taper! ring aU the Ic£aine4
pars vlU:*. rtcsct t» reirted *j
It rfzcHes tf-f *rrr* rpntt—Tt KraU the rate
•nUzer* — It por* to th* *~a£ cftiifunf—Zi ads at
* 'ydr. enri tcvie ti th' vW* ry*trr*-$l.CO at
erttcfists or •mt b^vtaO. 1XZ A rch «. Phil*
' il j}
1 If you need clothes, now's |§
| the time to buy==in fact, M
| should you not intend to H
| purchase yet awhile, our M
I prices warrant your buying 1 m
p right away —you will need M
p clothes soon==save when M
m y° u can==you can save con= S
jl siderable here==especial!y ||
1 Blue serefe suits which were $12.50 and *£3
HI S15.00.are now reduced to 56. 85. Cheviot £j
Q suits which were $15.00 are now selling for ?|j
» $7.00. Cheviot suits which were $10.00 are |'|
II now $5.25. Golf Shirts worth $1.25 sell for f;|
75c. Big reductions similar to these in r|
S Whatever you want in wearing apparel we pd
n can save you money. §1
W& . " 71S Market Street. MJake Rauer is accused of having knocked out one oi
his friends with n hammer. Jake should have usid
the brick he received in the Sullivan case and then
pleaded justifiable retaliation.
WORSE .THAN "BROKE."
Harduppe — Say, old fellow, lend ' me a
hundred, will you?
Riggd— A hundred what?
Harduppe— A hundred dollars. I
Riggs— Oh, stop your joking.
Harduppe (earnestly) — Joking? I was
never more serious In my like. I'm broke.
Riggs— My dear man, you're not broke.
You're cracked!— Catholic Standard and
Times.
ANOTHER EXAMPLE.
times" ¦*p2? r i e ~: Yes - lndeed - hundreds of
mfAbW fl?fJi n ,f ta ?£*' P ro^»sor. how ad
rmraoij ntted for the wearing of rlne^ nr«
TranSwiJ™ ° f the female hand.-Bo 3^n
BOUND TO BE A POPULAR FAVOR
JTE.
»T- V fh a S ° njr here that T thlnk will do."
Is there any sense m it?"
Not a particle."
"Is there any tune ln it?"
Not a morsel."
THE NEW AND THE NEW.
hSfhtily eW W ° man tOssed her head
i u" I i K Ope JVl'v rty T ls * 1clu dlng himself with
the thought that I am n passing fart'" she
exclaimed nnd bestowed a withering look
upon the bystanders.
But at this moment the New Babv rave
r n 7o t . li hi I ;T,f-D a « d roi? r ji"uS:' yv " T " shfi1
"THE POTHOUSE BOSSES."
(Calaveras Chronicle.)
Speaking under the caption of "The Pot
house Bosses." the San Krancisco Call
says that Kelly and Crimmins have about
as much right in the Republican party as
a "burglar in a bank," and further says
about them that "it is better to keep a
polecat out of your house than to let him
in and then try to put him out." Correct.
In the name of political decency and com
mon sense, don't allow the Republican
party to be the haven or refuge for Demo
cratic skunks. They are good for nothing
other than to raise a stink and Infect any
organization in which they are permitted
to parade to the extent of driving out re
spectability. Bury them deep ln oblivion,
where they belong. Those infectious ani
mals are altogether too offensive to the
olfactories of decent people. They have
stunk up their own nest so as to be un
bearable to ,thelr old-time political asso
ciates, and it is no wonder that they must
be run out.
CALirORNIANS . IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July 15.— Charles de
Young of San Francisco, a son of M. H.
do Young, is at the Waldorf, en route to
Europe. Henry Sturges of San Franclsc-o
is at the Empire. :vV;
TRYING TO EXPLAIN IT.
SO utterly foolish was the action of the Demo
cratic convention in reasserting the free silver
demand of the Chicago platform and renomi
natirig Bryan that to a considerable number of intel
ligent men the thing seems to require explanation.
They can hardly accept the result as but another evi
dence of Democratic capacity for blundering and in
capacity for statecraft, and are persuaded there is some
.hidden plot or plan in it that ought to be brought to
light.
Among those seekers after the motives that
prompted the bosses at Kansas City is Senator Caf
fcry of Louisiana, who, looking at the proceedings
from the standpoint of a Southern Gold Democrat,
has come to the conclusion that the Southern dele
gates were swung to Bryan and free silver by the de
sire on the part of a large, number of powerful South
ern interests Jo about the re-election of Mc-
Kinley. The South has been very prosperous during
the last four years, and the leading business men of
that section have sense enough to understand that the
prosperity has been due mainly to 1 Republican legis
lation. They do not wish a change. " They wish an
other four years of prosperity.- The politics of 'their
States is such as to prevent giving the electoral vote
to the Republican candidate, and therefore their only
way to help the good cause of continued prosperity
was that of getting the Democrats to nominate a man
whose record and whose platform would assure defeat.
The suggestion is ingenious, but does not account
for all the facts. Some of the foremost Southern
States objected to a reiteration of the silver plank, and
would have gladly dropped it from the ' platform al-
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury General
Spaulding hopes that the recent bubonic scare inci
dent has .been closed. It never will be, the dis
tinguished gentleman may be assured, until we have
heard the, last of our bubonic Board of «Health and
have reason to regard Kinyoun as a disagreeable
memory.
The Board of Education is convinced that physical
culture must be taught in the schools on a physio
logical, psychological and pedagogical basis. This is
probably the longest way of saying that some poli
tician's favorite is to be honored with some public
If the bubonic Mayor and his "reform"' govern
ment continue St. Mary's Park may never be a
reality, but the fund upon which the taxcaters have
made so many desperate attacks will be at least
famous in local hi-story.
Crimmins and Kelly can have at least one congratu
lation in this campaign. No one has the slightest
cioubt of who they are, what they are or what they
represent. The leopard does not change its spots.
While the peculiar court victories of the Contra
Costa Water Company may drive the people of Oak
land to drink, it is reasonably certain that the bever
age of consolation will not be water.
It can matter very little to Mr. Towne of Minne
sota whether he run for Vice President or not, and
to the people it matters nothing at all.
They seem to be having everything at the Paris
Exposition except a royal or imperial time. As a
king show the thing is a failure.
About the best chance that most of the adventurers
at Nome have found there has been a chance to get
home again. •
California expects every Republican to do his duty
in this campaign, and the first duty is to register.
|7 OUIS FRANCIS BROWN, who is to
II deliver the Uurton Holmes lec
jl a tures at the Columbia Theater ln
connection with the Henry Mil
ler season during Ju4y and August, is
a native of Boston. He has been spending
his summers in foreign hinds in company
with Mr. Holmes, obtalnrng material for
the lectures to be given during the ensu-
Intr winter. Mr. Brown has been for the
past thrte months In Europe, visiting the
passion play of "Oberammergau" ana the
Paris Exposition- ln the interests of sev
eral New York mapazlnes. for which he
is to write a number of articles to appear
during the winter months. Mr. Srown
sailed for the United States June 21, and
arrived In San Francisco yesterday, vlsit
inET the Grand Canyon of Arizona en route
where he put the finishing touches to
his lectures on this marvel of nature The
first lecture in the double course to be
given by him at the Columbia will be on
Manila, visited by him last summer the
date being Thursday afternoon. July la,
The Essex class of British armored
cruisers will have three funnels.
The Fix armored cruisers for the Japan
ese navy ordered under the new naval
programme were built in England. Franc*
and Germany.
At the Kiel dockyard steam power la to
be superseded by electricity for drivinsr
machine tools In the several shops. A.
central plant of 330O horsepower Is belng 1
bullt, which, besides supplying power for
yard tools, will also operate the pumps
of the dry docks.
The British Admiralty has decided t(%
establish a torpedo depot at Falmouth.
where all destroyers and torpedo boats
of the -western division — not in commis
sion—will be laid up. The armored cruiser
Triumph will be sent to Falmouth to ba
used as a floating torpedo depot.
Not a single accident marred th* recent
naval mencuvers of Japan's fleet. Tho
final inspection by the Kmperor took placn
In Kobe Bay, in which 5 battleships, 3
coast defense ships, 13 cruisers, 1 torpedo
tender, 1 torpedo gunboat, 10 torpedo boat
destroyers and 17 torpedo boats partici
pated. This final show was witnessed bjr
representatives of all navies except thac
of the United State3.
In the demolition of the Bellelsle th«
Majestic expended 8 twelve-inch common,
shells, 7 twelve-inch armor-piercing
«*hells. 200 six-inch lyddite. 400 three-Inch.
im) three-pounders and an unknown num
ber of Maxim shots. The distance at
which the firing took place ranged from
1700 yards at bow and stern and 1300 yard*
on broadside. It was estimated that 3J
to 40 per cent of the shots were effective.
Model experimental tanks are multiply
ing. The latest Is that of Xonldeutscher
Lloyd at Bremerhaven, the only one la
Germany and utilized by the Government.
The tank and Ha accessories cover 22.53)
square feet. There is a hall 5«O feet In
length, at the sides of which are tha
model foundry, the model shaping . ma
chine, the electric batteries supplying
towing power, store rooms, workshop*
and offices. The tank has an interior
length of 520 feet, a width of 2) feet and
a depth of 10 feet.
Arsaldo, the n-?led shipbuilding firm at
Genoa, is to mouomlze nine ironclads of
the Turkish navy, and the Germania
yard at Kiel, owned by Krupp. Is to have
one. As the estimated cost is only ?5,
202,000, the renewal will be confined chiefly
to modern armament nnd the renewal of.
boilers and engines where the old ar3
found absolutely useless. Nothing is to
be done to Improve the armor and the ex
pense is practically a waste of money, as
the ship:* are now from twenty-five to
thirty-four years old and are slow and
altogether obsolete.
The fit^htlnff value of torpedo boat de
stroyers has yet to be demonstrated, but
their expensiveness Is already fairly es
tablished. A large number of the Brit
ish boats — anil probably also those of
other navies — are in a questionable stata
of efficiency and very few of tho one-year
old crafts would be able to come up tr»
their trial speeds. The latest crippleii
de3tw>yer In the British navy Is the Os
prey, which, although only three months
in commission, has developed such serious
defects In her machinery as to make it
necessary to pay off the crew and turn
the vessel over for repairs at a dockyard.
NEWS OF THE NAVIES.
Talented Writer and Trav
eler to Deliver Them
Expected Here
To-Day.
COMING LECTURES
AT THE COLUMBIA
T. W. Patterson, a Fresno banker, Is at
the Lick.
Assemblyman H. H. Blood of Bakersfleld
is r.t the Grand.
John Markley. the well-known politician,
is registered at the Lick.
J. E. Terry, a well known Sacramentan,
Is stopping at the Palace.
E. Chenowlth. a noted distiller of Paris.
Ky., Is a guest at the Lick.
W. D. Vincent, a druggist of Nevada
City, is stopping at the Lick.
Stanton L. Carter, a prominent attorney
of Fresno, is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. L. E. Cross, one of Stockton's moat
prominent physicians, is at the Grand.
J. AV. Gaskill of the Van Voorhies Com
pany. Sacramento, Is In the city on bus
iness.
\V. J. Andrews, one of the best known
traveling men on the coast, left for L/Os
Angeles on the "Owl" last night.
O. S. Bskridge. U. S. A., a son of Colonel
Eskridge of the Presidio. Is at the Occi
dental. He Is on his way to the Far East.
E. J. Kramer, E. W. Clark and William
Stephenson, all of the United States army,
are at the Occidental, en route to the
Qrlent.
British Consul Mortimer of San Diego,
accompanied by his family. Is here on a
pleasure trip. He is registered at the Oc
cidental,
J. T. Mareau, a prominent citizen of
Brooklyn, N. Y., is at the Palace, accom
panied by his wife. Their visit here Is for
pleasure.
United States Senator Daniel and son of
Virginia were the guests of Congressman
Kahn yesterday afternoon. They were
driven to and through Go!d?n Gate Park,
to Sutro Heights, the Presidio and Pre
sidio Heights. The visitors expressed un
qualified astonishment at the many beau
ties the drive displayed to them. They
will be escorted to Mount Tamalpais some
day this week.
PERSONAL MENTION.
AMDSUMMER MARKETS.
r\ S far as activity is concerned, trade is now down
/ \ to the lowest midsummer level. In the East
* trn States everybody who can get away from
office and shop is off in the country' or at the sea
shore, and the clerks are left to pick up the few stray
pennies that come along. Wall street is deserted,
commercial speculation is suspended, and there is
nothing new or noteworthy anywhere in sight. This
condition of affairs will probably last for at least
thirty days longer.
In spite of all this stagnation, however, some ob
servers think they discern more tone to business.
The movement in merchandise is light, to be sure,
but the feeling is firmer in some lines. The settlement
of labor questions between employers and employes
has improved the industrial situation somewhat, and
the lumber business is exhibiting rather more life,
due, possibly, to lower prices. But the large iron
and steel concerns find themselves unable to control
prices as they did last year, and another sharp cut in
quotations is threatened. Still, rather more move
ment is reported at Chicago. Wool continues very
weak, and the Westerners are now offering their
holdings at prices which they refused some time ago,
without, however, finding buyers. The hide and
leather and boot and shoe trades continue to report
dragging and weak markets, with accumulating
stocks, and provisions are brisk one day and neglected
. ¦¦
the next.
Wheat has been on the down grade for some days.
Persistent belittling of crop damage in the Northwest
by well -known publications and individuals has had
its effect: some heavy holders have let go and the
small fry have generally turned bears. The talk now
is of a crop of 550.000.000 bushels, and though
Chicago Board of Trade operators characterize the
estimate as absurdly large, it is having its effect on
the market just the same. The dry weather specter
is now stalking through the corn market, and the
crj' is that the crop in the western end of the corn
belt is halt destroyed already, and unless rain comes
within a very few days the other half will go, too.
The chief damage is ir- Kansas, Missouri, Iowa and
Nebraska. But it may be remarked in passing, that
the rain generally happens along at the last minute,
in other parts of the -world, just as it does in Cali
fornia, and saves at least a portion of the crop.
We are having our little weather bugaboo out here,
too. It ti:rns out now that the supposed enormous
hay crop which we harvested in May and June was
rot so enormous after nil. and that good grain hay is
actuany scarce, ho prices have been going up right
along, a condition very unusual in July. There is
plenty 01 poor volunteer hay, but not enough of the
best quality. There is a prune scare in the Santa
Oar?. Vallcv. too. and the Cured Fruit Association
officially announces a serious reduction in the size of
the crop, ov.ing to a heavy drop and the stoppage ?n
the growth of the fruit, due to hot weather. at the
srtSifc'isss , , , , . .¦ ,
wronjr tune and lack of spring rams. Otherwise the
conditions in California <ecm to be as promising is
usual at this time of the year. The merchants in
San Francisco are doing rather more business than
the average in midsummer, thanks to the continued
fine export trade of the port. The shipments out of
the port thus far this year have been remarkably
heavy, owing to the great development of the de
mzrA for the north, the Pacific Islands and the Orient,
and were it not for this the town would be rather
The country's bank clearings last week showed a
falling off of 2i.r per cent compared with the corre
sponding week last year. The failures were 196,
against 169, both records being below the normal.
5N order properly to comprehend the inner affairs of tho
Chinese empire, the first thing, needful is rightly to dlstln-
suiph the different parties in China. The Empress Dow-
ager holds on to the old ways; her party is known as the
"Empress* party." The Emperor and his friends, who de-
sire reform, are known as the "Emperor's party." Then there
is a third party, known as the "middle party." which is chiefly
concerned with its own interests and dares not interfere In
politics. Nine-tenths of the people and officials are comprised
in this party.
The Empress Dowaser, notwithstanding that she is the
head of the ruling party, possesses lew or no friends outside of
ofHc'al rirflps and the Yamens. Otherwise her influence is
small. Her intimates p.re all Manchus. Yung I^u. appointed by
Nr commander In chief; Kangwei; special commissioner for the
collTtion of additional revenues from th<? provinces; Prince
Tuan, Yun Yu, Bwai-ta-pu, etc. The only clever man among
them is YungLu- the rest are densely ignorant and care for
rotMrc but wealth and official rank. Of the high military
omeialf. Tun.-Fu-Siang belong to the Empress' party and
Yunn-Shl-Ivai to the emperors. All the remainder may be> said
to belong to the middle party. Thus I am right in saying that
the Empress' party are few In number, although at the mo-
mont their power is great
The middle party; on 'the other hand, is spread throughout
the whole empire. The majority are in their heart of hearts
devoted to the Emperor, admiring his intelligence and rectl-
tude and these are alarmed and angry at the Empress' usur-
patio'n They know how Ignorant she Is and what a dissolute
fife she has led for the lasfthirty years, and that the weakness
of China Is largely due to her misdeeds. But the nisn officials
are too old; they sit blinking in the twilight, not daring to act,
but leaving success or ruin to come, as the Emperor or th»
Empress gains the upper hand,
Ruined as the Emperor's party is, yet they ar© the r*al re
formers; both officials and people, they long for reform and
new methods, but while the Empress' party hold the power
they are in dread of severe punishment. At the time of tfc»
eoup d'etat the Empress falsely asserted that the Emperor'3
party was planning revolt. She prohibited newspapers, killed
and drove out hundreds of reformers and exiltd numbers of
high officials to the frontiers. Six of the reformers executed.
were high metropolitan officials, one a member of the Grand
Council and one whom the Emperor had nominated to be Prtma
Minister: all were the Emperor's personal friend?; they wero
beheaded without trial, while hundreds of smaller ofHclals and
thousands of the common people were proscribed. These meas
"res were carried out in order to clip the Emperor's wlng^-
Why were all these leading men willirg to associate them
selves with the reform party? The answer Is that they wera
Loyal subjects, anxious to save their country and deserve th*
ilFtied ln Shanghai: Chl-hsir.-pao. published at Macao- Criing
ni-pao, published at Yokohama; Tien-nan-puo, published at
Singapore—these are all published under foreign protection and
8O are alble to speak the truth; they or.c ar.d all sympathize
AVe^t"^^^
Dowaper is a licentious old woman. She is rot the Emperor's
real mother, and she had no hf-stitation in deposing him so as
to retain her power. But she was wrong in taking Yung: Lu'a
f*££*J° % ep °sf the Em P"r.r and place the power In his (Tung
J£J « rewVrrThe arnas/a^^d^^Kt1^ Sd^uT
Empress lives in constant dread of treachery on the part of her
eunuchs.
REGISTER fIND ENROLL.
BY the combination which has been effected
among the ward bosses and the political touts
of the Southern Pacific road there has arisen
a formidable menace to honest politics not for this
year only but for ten years to come. The alliance of
the ward gangs with the corporations has not been
arranged upon any of the great national issues before
the country, but upon a programme for controlling
the Legislature, so that this winter they may fix the
Assembly, Senatorial and Congressional districts to
suit their purpose, and that purpose is to put them
selves in a position of vantage in all legislative or
Congressional elections for the next ten years.
Because the electoral districts of the State are to be
reorganized this wintet a double importance is given
to the approaching election. The better class of citi
zens have not only to defeat Bryanism in the nation,
but they have to prevent the bosses and the tools of
a corrupting corporation from obtaining control in
the State. If the Southern Pacific Company have
the power to fix the various Assembly, Senatorial and
Congressional districts for the coming decade, it is
a foregone conclusion the districts will be so gerry
mandered that in many of them the railroad will be
able to elect almost any one it chooses — even its yel
low dogs. It will have control of the Legislature,
and through that control it will have power to vir
tually dictate who shall be chosen to represent or mis
represent California in the United States Senate.
The danger is one against which the voters must
be on guard, and the responsibility of vigilance rests
particularly upon Republicans, for it is to that party
the people look for good government this year. Cali
fornia will surely vote for McKinley and Roosevelr,
and in all probability will return a solid Republican
delegation to Congress." That being so, the voter-;
will naturally be inclined to cast their votes for all
other Republican candidates, so as to make a clean
sweep. It is therefore of the highest importance that
the Republican legislative tickets should be com
posed of men who are not in any way subservient to
either the bosses or the corporations.
There is but one way in which the fight for honest
politics can be won this year, and that is by induc
ing every loyal Republican to register, so that he will
have a right to vote, snd then enroll in a Republican
club, so that he can take an active and efficient part
in the campaign. It is beyond dispute that if good
citizens organize and work they can win, and that if
they do not win it will be their own fault.
In this contest it will be folly to make terms with
Kelly and Crimmins and their saloon following.
Those bosses are already in the railroad camp along
with the Democratic bosses, and on election day will
knife Republican candidates should the railroad
managers give orders to that effect. They are fight
ing now, as always, not for the party, but for their
own gang; not for principles, but for the spoils. They
would like the privilege of arranging the political dis
tricts of San Francisco for the next ten years, and to
obtain that privilege they will not hesitate a minute
to betray the Republican party. The path of safety
for Republicans is that of straight, honest politics,
rnd along that path there can be no walking with the
corrupting managers of the Southern Pacific or the
corrupted bosses of the grog shop gangs.
e PLAIN WAY GPEN.
CHINATOWN is known to our people as a
"problem." Every issue that arises out of it
is called by that name, and so impressed has
the public become with the problematic features of
the relation of that district to the rest of the com
munity, a good many citizens overlook the fact that
some of the issues connected with it are not in any
way complex, but quite simple and vtry easy to bo
solved by any municipal administration that will go
about it in a plain, straightforward way.
Why should the enforcement of sanitary regulations
in Chinatown be a problem? What mystery stands
in the way there any more than elsewhere? Why is
it not as simple to require the owners of property in
Chinatown to keep their premises in good order as
it is to make that requirement of owners of property
in other parts of the city? The law is plain, and as
the violation of the law is also plain to be (seen and
readily proven, the application of the law to the vio
lators ought not to be anything very difficult in tho
way of a problem.
In the years following the war. when gold was at
a premium, the resumption of specie payment was re
garded as a very complex subject. Statesmen lay
awake at night thinking about it, and the wear and
tear on the American brain was something tremen
dous. By r.nd by some one suggested, with caution,
that probably the best way to resume would be to
resume. That view was scouted at first, but eventually
those in authority decided to try it. The Govern
ment resumed specie payment, and to the surprise of
a good many the thing was as easy as eating pic. Our
municipal authorities ccn learn a lesson from that ex
perience of the nation. The best way to enforce the
law in Chinatown is to enforce it.
The Call does not deny that many of the relations
of Chinatown to the community as a whole are in
their nature so complex and so involved with personal
and property rights that they constitute genuine
problems which can be dealt with adequately only
after careful consideration and probably at a great
cost; but it does deny that the enforcement of sani
tary regulations within the Chinese district is in any
way a complex issue. Neither the tenants of China
town buildings nor the owners of the buildings have
any personal rights or property rights that run con
trary to the health laws of the community. There is
nothing in the enforcement of the laws which calls
for much worry on the part of official. brains or of
much cost to the community.
In this, as in many other cases, the plain way is
the best way. The difficulties that loom up across
the path of public improvement are frequent 1 /
imaginary and vanish as soon as they are approached
with clear vision and a. resolute will. Let the Health
Board and the police authorities give notice to the
Chinatown property-owners to clean up their prem
ises and keep them clean, and if the order be not
obeyed, then let arrests be made summarily and im
partially, as was done in the case of the garbage-cart
offenders, and within a very short time that phase -of
the Chinatown question will be settled and the way
cleared for considering the problem that remains.
Eire . -dgjjBS* (Tail*
MONDAY..... : JULY 16, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
WAXAGEU'S OFFlCn^jj^^j^J^V^^^^^Ii^^
I'LKUCATIOX OFFICE.. 5fnpU«-t ««d Third. S. F.
Telephone >'re»« — Ox.
EDITORIAL aoOMfs 217 <« 221 Steven*©* St.
Telephone Preti 202.
Delivered l>y Carrier*. 16 Cent* Per "Weelo
Blnffle Copte". S Ce»t«.
Terms by Hall. InclndtBcr Foitasei
t>ATL,T CALL (Including Sunday). on« year t*-W
PAILT CALL (including gur.day), « months t.Vi
PAILT CALL (including Sunday), S month* - 1-M
PAILT CALL— By fclntfe Month ~ »«
FVNUAT CALL Om Year }•**
WEEKLT CALL One Year L ™
All poilmunlcri are anthnrUed to receive
¦ub»erlptlon«.
Sample ecpie« will l>* forwarded when requested.
Si«Sl •vbsoribprs In ordering change of address should b«
particular U «ive /»th NEW AND OLD AODRESS In order
t» insux* a prompt »sd correct compliance with their re»jue«t.
ntrei.ft.Kn OFFICE 111S Droadwaj
_^—
C GEORGE KRO^NESS,
Mtnt£«r Fore'gn Advertising, Marquette Building. Chicago.
<Lcsc Cl*tanc« Telephone ••Central MIS.")
NEW TOItK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON. Heraid Squmro
NEW TCRK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3D Tribune Buildine
CHICAGO NEWS BTAJSTDB:
E£)€nc*s Hock; P. O. Newt Co.; area* Norther* Hotel;
Rratat Hcuae; Auditorium HoteL
TfEW YORK NEWS BTA2TO8:
TTtldarf-AatoriA Uoltl; A. Breotaao. SI Colon Squari;
Murray Iilil HoteL
WASHINGTON ;D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hot*.
WCRION t. CRANE. Correspondent.
lilt A v'W Of^Ktr-K* — 5rr Montson)«rr, *-orn*r of Oxy. cr>»-»
•antll 8:S0 o* clerk. SCO Hayes, open until »:S0 o'clock. «**
McAllister, ojx-n until i£i o'clock. CIS I.nrkln. open until
*-J&0 o'clock. :94J Mlftion. open until 10 o'clock. KS1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109S Valencia, open
until * o'clock. 10* Eleventh, open until 8 o'clock. NW cor
ner T» enty-«econd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
NO journalistic achievement of recent years has been more widely commented upon than The Call's ex
posure of the frauds practiced in the probate of the estate of the late Joseph Sullivan in Superior Judjre
Troutt's court. This paper was actuated in publishing the scandal by the duty it owed to the public. It
asked no other reward than that the rascals should be punished. It was gratified that, following quick on the pub
lication of the story, the main conspirator, John M. Chretien, was put behind the bars, and now it takes added
satisfaction in knowing that its contemporaries throughout the State feel justified in applauding its course. A tew
of the many editorial utterances on the matter are herewith given:
THE MONITOR.
The bogus heir Industry receives a temporary check by the
revelations in the Chretien swindle, in Judge Troutt's court.
The Call is entitled to praise for bringing about the exposure
of this unsavory transaction.
« • •
OAKLAND ENQUIRER.
The Sullivan fraud was far from being Lawyer Chretien's
first misstep, but it was the first one which landed his foot
in a boar trap. And but for The Call this robbery might have
been carried through successfully. The rest of San Francisco's
crooked attorneys will now resolve to be more circumspect,
but not, we fear, more honest.
\ • • •
HOLLISTER FREE LANCE.
The San Francisco Call performed a splendid piece of Jour
nalistic work this week in exposing the nefarious operations
of 'a crowd of scoundrelly lawyers who were endeavoring to
loot an estate. Judge Troutt, In whose court the transactions
occurred, stands in an unenviable light before the public, and
owes It to himself* to prosecute the scoundrels to a finish. A
newspaper that accomplishes the exposure and overthrow of
villainy performs signal service to the community, and Tha
Call is entitled to all possible credit for Its good work.
• • •
ALAMEDA ARGUS.
There is or.e thing in connection with the Chretien disclos
ures that will strike some people as queer, and that is the
apparent ignorance of court and attorneys concerned of his
character. Even the atmosphere far from the court, where
Chrttien ne /er came in the flesh, was heavy with the general
odor of his crookedness. How it came that the Judge, who
must know more or less of the general reputation of all who
practice at the bar, and "the lawyer who "wanted him to make
a fee," and the various others who had to do with the matter
were so blissfully Ignorant of his nature will constitute a mys
tery indeed.
• • •
NEWS L.KTTER.
John M. Chretien, as crooked a lawyer na ever dlahoner'vt
his profession, has confessed. With cowardly heroics he has*
taken the blame of everything upon himself— that was his last
play. It now remains for tho officers of the law to find a
charge upon which he may he legally convicted, for he is *
self-confessed scoundrel, forcer, thief and robber of the dead.
Judge Troutt. who appointed Chretien as the representative
of the absent heir, was elected to office through the influence
of Martin Kelly, an unspeakable politician. Kelly owned the
convention and nomtnated Troutt. Chretien has lor.s been
known as Martin Kelly's office boy. It was he who took the
messages In and brought the messages back for the waiting
Kelly at the conventions. Ruef. a lawyer whose reputation 13
anything but a bouquet. Is Martin Kelly's personal represen
tative. It Is said that Ruef suggested Chretien as the attorney
to represent the absent heir. Now, Chretien's reputation waa
bo well known as to have made It Impossible for Judge Trourt
to be unconscious of the kind of a man he was selecting for a
responsible trust. And so through weakness or political pres
sure Judge Troutt has put himself !n anything but a dignified
position. Chretien has confessed; for the first time In his Ufa
he has sworn away the reputation of the right man. His con
fession may be a pose, in It many Important details may be
omitted, but there is enough sincerity In it to send any thief
to jail, and this man ought to be put out of sight of honest
people. We pay our compliments to The Call, which had tho
enterprise and course to secure the first positive evidence of
Chretien's guilt and make It known to the world. When Jour
nalism concerns itself in driving rogues from the path-*ray of
honest folk It Is good Journalism and deserves the respect of tha
public.
Commented Upon by the State Press.
CALL'S EXPOSE OF PROBATE FRAUDS
together. Thus it has been noted that "16 to i" was
forced into the Democratic platform by delegates
from Iowa, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Mas
sachusetts, Oregon, North Dakota and Washington,
against the votes and protests of sure Democratic
States like Virginia, Texas, Tennessee. Florida, Geor
gia, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi and North
Carolina.
The part that New York played in the convention
has also been the subject of a good deal of comment.
The vote on the silver plank in the committee on plat
form was so close as to justify the conclusion that had
Hill been a member of the committee he would have
been able to defeat it. Thus Tammany is largely re
sponsible for making 16 to 1 an issue in the cam
paign, and as that has materially lessened any chance
the Democrats may have had of carrying the State,
there has been some speculation concerning the mo
tive that prompted the folly. There are some who
assert that Croker acted from passion merely, that
his sole motive was a hatred of Hill and his only ob
ject that of humiliating him. There are others, how
ever, who maintain that Croker is never so angry but
that he. keeps a cool head to look out for the main
chance and profit by it. These declare a conviction
that Croker is persuaded that Democracy could not
carry New York this year under any circumstance?,
and therefore he stood in with Bryan because that
would give him a chance to hold the radical and
Populist vote in New York City and thus give Tam
many a local victory, no matter what happened else
where.
All of these explanations are amusing contributions
to the campaign. They serve to keep up public inter
est in the Bryan movement and reveal the folly of it.
Of course none of them are worth much. It has been
said of old that an ass eats thistles because he is an
ass, and the same reason explains why Democracy
nominated Bryan. ,
PUNISH ALL THE SCOUNDRELS.
THE preliminary examination of the self-con
fessed scoundrel, John M. Chretien, the shame
less robber of the dead, who was stopped in his
criminal career by The Call, will begin this morning
«n the Police Court of A. J. Fritz. There never has
been, perhaps, in the history of this city an investiga
tion of more vital moment to the integrity of our
courts than this will be. The most sacred relation
ships of the courts to the people are involved. The
estates of the unprotected dead must be guarded if
the living are not to be injured and despoiled by
ghouls masking as attorneys.
The Call has uncovered the appalling condition of
affairs which exists in one of our probate courts.
There is not a family in California which is not inti
mately concerned in the outcome of that ex
pose. The Call has revealed the shameful fact
that an estate can be stolen by legal thieves,
that a bogus heir can pass successfully the winking
scrutiny of lawyers, Judges, witnesses and notaries,
and that a duty, deeply solemn in its nature, can be ig
nored. It is the duty of the court to see that this
vicious criminal work shall not be continued in San
Francisco.
As far as the facts of this particular case are con
cerned there is nothing further to say. They were
published in their startling entirety in The Call last
Monday, and the allegations of this paper were sub
stantiated by the sensational testimony which was
given before Judge Troutt.
One of the scoundrels concerned in this crime
against the living and the dead, John M. Chretien,
confessed his guilt in court. He has since made four
other "confessions," all of them lies in part and none
of them containing a fact which The Call did not pub
lish before he. in shameful self-abasement, admitted
his scbundrclism. It is the duty of the courts and of
the prosecuting officers to sec that the other rascals
who were concerned with Chretien shall not be
shielded by his "confessions." but shall pay with him
the penalty for their atrocious crime.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, JULY 16, 1900.
GROUND3 FOR COMPLAINT,
Mrs. Starvem— You don't seem to llk«
y Mr slon* th & nornlniMrSoSy* 9
settled P50# !*¦ d0n>t 8eem *«> nave
Mrs. Starvem— Well. Mr. Slopay you
may not like the coffee, but the coffee's
like you.-Phlladelphia. pr CS £ ine conees
It is feared that the official representatives of
America at ihc Paris Exposition are losing their rea
son. They have voluntarily agreed to a reduction of
their salaries.
4
PARTIES IN Tf-jE CELESTIAL EMPIRE
-J"ti> Described By ir^*?—
KANG YU WEI, THE REFORMER
LOUIS F. BROWN.
Cal. glace trait 50c per rt> at Townwnd's. •
AMU SEGMENTS.
Orrheum — VaudrrllSe.
Grand Opera-house — "The Great Ruby."
California— "At Gay Coney Island."
Columbia— "The Liars."
Tivoli— "Wang."
Alcazar — "lEgcmar."
Olymfia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Fischers — "Autumn Leaves"
Sutro Baths — Ocwn Nlehta.
AUCTION SALES.
By Emll Ohr.— Monday, July 16. at 11 o'clock. Grocery and
Bar, at BE. corner Webster and Geary sts.
By S. Watkiru— Monday, July 16, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
Twelfth and Harrison «ts.
• Greater , New York proposes to ¦ expend
J30.000.000 on two bridges.
h,f.^ ClaI • aIomatlon 'applied dally 'to
business houses and public men h» th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien'" 510 Mont
eomery st. Telephone Mala 1042. •
Traveling libraries are to b© established
In Pennsylvania by the Free I.lbrarv
Commission recently authorized. For tho
present the libraries are to b« aupporte.l
by private contributions. au PP°rteUWalkover — Baldwin Annex.
New store opens to-day.with the famous
"Walkover Shoes, for men and women, at
$3 60 a pair. "We will have good music a.nd
a. cordial welcome for all who call. "We
want to get acquainted quick. Walkover
Shoe Store. Baldwin Annex, F. F.Wright,
proprietor. . •.
Wrecked by Drink.
Patrick McAniff, a man about 40 years
of aee, was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital yesterday afternoon from a lodging
house at 1S4. Jessie street.. The man is a
physical wreck from alcoholism. Recent
ly "he got $500 from friends in Ireland, and
Bines then he has been drinking to excess
and not eating any substantial food.
Policemen Tyrrell and Sullivan were noti
fied yesterday of his condition, and they
had him removed to the hospital.
At the Pleasure Places.
Notwithstanding the chilly weather the
crowds at the parlv, beach. Chutes and
baths were large yesterday. Xo accidents
or incidents worthy of special mention oc
curred during the day to mar the pleas
ure. Tho results of the contests at Sutro
baths follow: 50-yard dash— J. Galne won,
J. Dixon second. Under-water swimming
contest— C. Augustus won, A. Reefe sec
ond Diving for plate— E. Egan won, J.
Eramsy second, J. Dixon third. 100-yard
dash, amateur — E. Wallace won, II.
Lelcken second. Trick and fancy diving—
F Carroll first prize. C. Duke second
prize. High diving, for boys— J. Dixon
first prize, E. Egan second prize.
American Companions.
I.-ast llohdav night Hay Oty Circle of
the Companions of the Forest of Amer
ica held an open meeting and iIip hall was
crowded to Its limit. There was nn in
terestinx programme, which included a
rsk<?wa!k by Tillfe Jacobs. Jennie Krown
Xelliff Ahern, Gilbert Ahern. Tillie I-u
bofich and Tessle Greenfield; coon special
ties by Goldle Harris: recitation by Mrs
I5J Cohnreich. specialties by the Bennett
Sisters, recitations by D. <;. Cnimari a.nd
other numbers. Miss Bessie Borren was
the mSPJ-rt-J-s of ceremonies. During the
••vening thp circle deputy. R. Rosenberg,
•was presented a shaving mirror .set In a
fine Kilt frame. Prior to the open meet
ing th^r>- was an initiation and the re
ceipt of two applications to join the cir
cle. The r>arty which this circle had an
nouncf-d for the ISth has. on account of
a death. l>«-en postponed to llic of
August. The invitations iw«ucd for the
IMh irift. v.ill !>e honored on the last
named date.
Wedding Took Place at Home of
Brides Mother, Which Was Beau
tifully Decorated.
Charles C. Cohen, the well-known flor
ist, and Miss Cora N. Mearns were united
in marriage yesterday afternoon by Su
perior Judge William Lawlor. The nup
tials were celebrated at the home of the
bride's parents, which was beautifully
decorated for the occasion. The young
couple left immediately after the cere
mony for the southern part of the State,
where they will spend their honeymoon.
The bride is a beautiful native daugh
ter and is highly accomplished. She is
a child of James Mearns. proprietor of the
Pioneer Bazaar. She was very popular m
the North Beach section, and has often
participated in the entertainments given
bv her parlor of the Native Daughters,
and her efforts have always been appre
ciated.
The groom is a rising young business
man of this city. He has conducted a
flower-store at 306 Sutter street during the
last three years. Subsequent to that time
he was bookkeeper for the Ingleslde Nur
sery Company of Los Angeles.
CHARLES C. COHEN AND
MISS MEARNS MARRIED
Crowd of Well-Known Business Men
Enjoy the Hospitality of the
Moraghan Boys.
The Moraghan boys have reason to
congratulate themselves on the outing
they gave their friends at their oyster
beds on the San Mateo shore yesterday.
The tug Elizabeth and the plungers Dan
dy and Boxer were pressed into service
and carried as' jolly a crowd to the north
erly line as ever left the water front.
The plungers were the first to get away
and of course arrived at the oyster beds
llrst. The tug Elizabeth waited for the
stragglers and it was nearly 10 a. m.
before she left Channel street and about
noon when the scene of the festivities
was reached. Oysters there were in
abundance and the finest of stout to wash
them down, while sandwiches and wine
and other beverages were abundantly
served.
Harry Neuman. Dan O'Callaghan. M.
Lawley and Professor McKenzie made
things hum in the musical line and Im
promptu songs and funny stories made
the time fly. James Moraghan told the
party during a lull in the enjoyment that
his "father, the late M. B. Moraghan.
had inaugurated these yearly excursions
twenty-two years ago and one of his last
wishes was that his sons should keep
them up. For that reason if for no other
the Moraghan boys will srive a yearly
excursion to their oyster beds.
HAD A SPLENDID TIME
AT THE OYSTER BEDS
The good ship Germania, having outlived
her days of usefulness, is to be con
demned. The old craft has been a Tamlllar
sight in the bay for many years and is
now to be relegated to the graveyard of
many a-- fine vessel, namely, "the /lleet of
coal hulks." She was built in 1S50, at the
shipyard of Fernald & Pettigrew, in
Portsmouth, N. H. In 1S51, carrying 250
passengers, she made the trip from Havre
to New York In seventeen days, a record
never since equaled. She came around the
Horn thirty years ago and has been do
ing duty as a collier ever since.
In the flerc^ gale of nine years ago,
when the steam colliers Keewanaw and
Montserratt were lost with all hands on
board, the Germania weathered the
storm. Her last trip was out of this port
to Seattle and return, a few months ago.
and it Is a record to be proud of for a
vessel of fifty-one years' service that the
round trip was accomplished In twenty
seven days. Captain Rasmussen, who has
been the master of the Germania for the
past eight months, says he has never been
at sea'in a better sailer.
Transformation of Tug
The tug Millie, a useful craft around the
bay," Is undergoing a complete transforma
tion. She is to have her old style engines
removed and replaced by the latest Im
proved gasoline engine. About 1SS3 the
Millie was used In carrying- the daily pa
pers from San Francisco, but soon became
too slow. Her new engines will restore her
to a state of usefulness.
News of the Transports.
The last of the passengers and their
baggage were removed yesterday from the
Hancock, and to-day the remains of
thirty soldiers brought from Manila will
bo sent ashore. The Hancock made the
Voyage from Nagasaki to this port In
fourteen days, the fastest time on record.
When the Cclifornian leaves the dock the
Hancock will bo towed in.
The Sumner is expected to leave to
morrow. She has most of her cargo
aboard and is awaiting orders. It is ex
pected that she will carry 750 men of the
Fifteenth Infantry, now en route from
Plaltsville. N. Y.
It Is expected the Californian will start
on her maiden ' voyage to-morrow. Yes
terday stevedores were busily engag-ed in
stowing her hold with stores of all sorts.
She will carry in all close to 11,000 tons.
Water Front Notes.
John Kelly of 533 Howard street had a
little too much aboard for safety yester
day and at the corner of Third and How
"Brd streets became bellifrerent. He was
promptly knocked down by another man
and was taken to the Harbor Hospital,
where a severe cut over his right eye was
sewed by Dr. Irones.
John Casey of 40S Fulton street cele
brated the fall of the Bast He yesterday
and as a result fell overboard. His cries
and moans attracted the attention of two
of Peterson's boatmen at the foot of Fol
som street and they found him clinging*
to a pile. He was hauJed out and sent to
the" Harbor Hospital, where Dr. Putnam
brousht him to.
A. Anderson of the steamer Arcata was
struck by a swinging boom yesterday af
ternoon and had the severe contusion
thnt resulted dressed at the Harbor Hos-
The British ship Ncrma, from Hong
kong, arrived at 3:30 yesterday and was
placed in quarantine.
The water front was crowded during- the
early hours nf the day with sightseers.
The lovely weather made it possible to
pass many pleasant hours there.
Tho City of Puebla '.eft yesterday morn
ing for Victoria, She had a full comple
ment of passengers and all the freight
she could cafry.
Transport Hancock Makes Record-
Breaking Trip From Nagasaki to
San Francisco— Sumnex
Heady for Sea,
Bark Germania. One of the
Oldest on the Coast, to
Be Condemned.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
Ham J. Blalsdell. consul commander: Joseph
E. Bennett, adviser lieutenant; \\ HHam t-
Greaves, clerk; Thomas Roche, banker; Rob
ert J. Wharton. escort: J. J. Galvln. watch
man; Albert Adams, sentry; F. J- Tyrelland
J M. Petty, managers; Thurlow Miller, physi
cian, and I G. Pinto, organist.
The officers of Syracuse Lodge No. 53,
Knights of Pythias, wero installed on the
night of the *llth Inst. by Deputy Chan
cellor H. Lundie. assisted by Otto Prlnjrle
as master at arms:
H. Lundie past chancellor. commander: Emll
Cohn, chancellor commander: Charles Levy,
vice chancellor: Charles Stryker. prelate; S.
Meyer M at A.; Charles Rabbltt, keeper of
records and eeal; A. Wasch. roaster of finance;
Jacob House, master of the exchequer; Joseph
Cressens. Inside, and t=Ig. Groesman, outside
guard.
After the Installation, which was pub
lic and witnessed by a large number of
ladies and gentlemen, two Hungarian
soloists. Professor Kinaldi and Professor
Olchvery, with Professor Kiss as accom
panist, gave several selections on the vio
lin. Then followed dancing.
Past Grand Dictator Learned, with a
full corps of grand officers, on last Thurs
day installed the officers of Liberty Lodgo
in the Alcazar building. The new officer.*
are:
C W. Appar. past dictator; Fritz Palm, dic
tator' W. W. T. nerrell, vice dictator; O.
Stewart assistant dictator: Hen I. Salomon,
reporter: William J. Langstaff. financial re
porter; R. A. A. Summers, treasurer: H.
Schoenbers. chaplain; Vincent George, guide;
I Jacobs, sentinel; Hen I. balomon, James A.
Johnston and Thomas BiMlnpslea. trustees.
The ceremony was witnessed by many
of the members and those of Keystone
Lodge, who canfe in a body to pay a fra
ternal visit. Addresses were rnad.o_by
Past Grand Dictator Joy. Grand \ ice Dic
tator Holcomb and the installing officer.
The following named have been raised
up as chiefs of Seminole Tribe, Improved
Order of Red Men:
lean Melllette. sachem: Raymond Estalsian,
senior sagamore; Jean Mlalocy. Junior saga
more; Callxte Lalanne. prophet; Jean Arees.
chief of records, and Jacques Loustale, keeper
of wampum.
The following named were raised up to
their respective stations in Manzanita
Tribe. Improved Order of Red Men, on
the 11th inst.:
Vf. Y. Xeish. P.; Rudolph Horber S.: C H.
Tucker, 8. S.; J. J. Kennedy. J. S.; J.U. Grlf
nth. C. of R.: Henry A. Chase K. ot \\.; H
\v Vsunther first S. ; S. F. Graham, second S.;
mVm ?vancovich. flrrt W.; \V. J G. Muhl sec-
B.! B V. Martch. third 11 (.: R.
Annolus. fourth B.; O. A. Griffith, G. of W..
I. Harris. G. of F.
The ofiicers of Sunflower Lodge of the
National Aid Association installed for the
current term are: ,
Mrs Ida Blackall. president: G. W. Johnson,
vice president; O. F. Uwron, treasurer; Mrs.
Jennie Clark, secretary; Mrs. M. E Schweln
hard. lecturer; O. S. Terilson chaplain: Mrs.
\j. K. Webber, guide, and Mrs. M. Elliott,
doorkeeper.
After the Installation there was a ban
quet, responses to toasts, speeches, songs,
recitations and music. ; _f
The following named are the officers in
stalled for Union Lodge of the National
Aid Association, which was Instituted last
week by Deputy Organizers D. E. Carcass
and Mrs. Emma Harmon, with twenty-five
charter members:
Mrs. E. Hull, president; E. Rltter, vice presi
dent; M. Carcass, lecturer: J. S. Isaacs,
chaplain: D. E. Carcass, secretary: Miss A.
Hudson, treasurer: Fred Harmon. ' steward :
Miss A. Lagos, guide; Florence Quirk, door
keeper.
After the ceremony there were congratu
latory addresses- and refreshments were
served.
All the officers of Martha Washington
Circle. Companions of the Forest of Amer
ica with the exception of two having
been re-elected, they were Installed in pub
lic in the social hall of the Alcazar build
ing last week by Past Grand Chief Com
panion Mrs. Flora Jacobs, assisted by
Grand Treasurer Mrs. Kemp Van Ee. The
officers not on the previous staff are,:
Miss M. Kragen. left guide, and Charles
Llcht, inside Kuard.
The Installation was witnessed by a
large number of people, who afterward
joined in a social.
California Chapter of the Daughters of
liberty has elected the following officers
for the ensuing terra: ; .: -
Miss Emily Lewis, councilor; Miss Lizzie
Cantus. vice councilor: Miss Isabel Beach, as
sociate councilor; Miss Margaret Thomas, as
sociate vice councilor; Miss Minnie Sprout,
guide; IMIss Hattt* Renner, Inside, and Harry
Cove, outside guardian; Miss Edith Stone, Irus
tee:. Miss Ruby Hamburger, assistant record
ing secretary.
The other officers were elected for a year
at the previous election.
California Lodge No. 1 of the Independ
ent Order of the Sons of Benjamin has
installed the following named as its of
llcers for the current term:
Isaac Baer. ex-president: I£mil Cohn, presi
dent; I>. L«- Langley. vice president: I... C.
I>svy, recording secretary (re-elected); JH. U.
Springer, financial secretary (re-elected); B.
Wacholder. treasurer (re-elected): A. Mendel
sohn, guard: Robert Rosenberg, Henry Munter
and H. Bloom, trustees.
In the presence of a large number of
members of America Council of the Order
of Chosen Friends the following named
officers were installed for the current
term: .
¦ C. II. Hellstromer. councilor: Mrs. M. E.
Peterscn. vice councilor; Mr». F. M. Morale,
Instructor;^ J.M. Morals.' secretary: H. -II.
Prahe, treasurer; Thomas Jones, prelate; J.
5c.ha.fer, marshal: Mrs. B. Simon, warden:
Henry Koster, euard; J. Faudler, sentry, and
Mrs. C. Beers, organist.
CHILD IS SCALDED TO
DEATH IN A WASHTUB
Little Harold Fritz Falls Into Boiling
Water Prepared for a
Footbath.
Little Harold Fritz, the 2-year-old child
of William and Mamie Fritz, residing at
27 Broadway, died at the Children's Hos
pital early yesterday morning. The death
of the little fellow was caused by his fall
ing into a tub of boiling water on Satur
day evening. At 7 o'clock Mrs. Fritz set
some water on the stove with the Inten
tion of taking a foot bath. When it was
boiling she set a washtub on the floor and
stepped into an adjoining room, while her
father-in-law poured the hot water into
the tub and left the room to get sufficient
cold water to make the temperature bear
able.
During the father-in-law's absence little
Fritz entered the room and fell into the
tub of scalding water. His cries at
tracted his mother's attention, and when
she reached the scene she found his head,
arms and chest under water. Dr. T. B.
Iceland was called in to attend the little
sufferer, and after dressing his burns he
had him sent to the Children's Hospital,
where he died at 3:30 yesterday morning.
The Coroner's office was notified and an
inquest will be held. The body was per
mitted to be moved to a private under
taker's pending the arrival of the child's
father, who is at present in Seattle work-
Ing at his trade as a butcher.
"The great pulpits of the world are
positive pulpits. They are pointing
toward the sunrise. Never before has
Christ been preached as now. Christ in
all his relations and aspects. He is the
Jiving theme cf the living pulpit." These
words sounurd the keynote ot Rev. Dr.
Jtader's vigorous sermon delivered to a
large congregation from the pulpit of the
Third Congregational Church .last night.
I The preacher made an eloquent and
orceful appeal tor an overthrow of an
icnt rusted dogmas.
••You cannut warm a man's heart with
akos of ice," declared the speaker. "The
looern pulpit Is a force, an evangel of
ood news. \\ benever wrongs need re
resfinjr and humanity dofenaing there is
lie place of the pulpit."
The sermon entire was as follows:
"J have been making a. study of the
ulpit while listening to its message.
iniong the preachers to whom I have
Kien»*d are Canon Gore. Hugh Price
lughes, Joseph Parker, Alexander
Vhyte, Dr. Horton, Hugh Black. F. ii.
Lej-era of Great Britain, and such men
a Dr. Hillis and Lyman. Abbott of our
-wn country. What has been the rnes
s-afre of these men?
•'Kirsi — A reaction against sacerdotal
ism. TLe Church of England is the state
church, whoi-e Bishops sit In the House
cf Lores. The controversy waging be
tween the independent and established
church is at or.ce a political and ecclesias
tical one. It is a reaction again<t the
tacerdatol spirit, which is a tendency
toward pric-stcraft among the Anglicans.
I'rayir.g for the dead is one cf the ten
cencifs rebuked by the opposition.
"Second— Federation. Thi? is the nge
cf union. Combination is the spirit of the
tim«?s. There can never be metaphysical
or doctrinal union. Charles V attempted
to make Europe believe one creed. When
ifce attempted to make a number of clocks
tick in concert he saw his folly. It can't
be done. The churches will never tick
together doctrinally. but they may feder
ate for service. The greatest religious
force in Great Britain is the fedpratlon of
free churches, which meet annually, not
to discuss doctrine, but service. Why
should ministers preach co-operation for
others and practice competition them
selves? Broad-minded men occupy the
leading pulpits of the world, and only
tiroad-mir.ded m^n will be tolerated by a
thoughtful public
"Third — The pulpit is progressive
in the direction of a positive faith,
and awav from negative uncertain
ties. The pulpit is keeping pace
with the march of progress. Wa
have well-equipped battleships, ma
chinery. literatu:e. invention, a. new sci
encp, art and industry, so have we a new
pulpit. Its glory Is Us freedom. It is
(--peaking with a new voice. The mos3
is being' rubbfd ofiE the lids of th* Bible.
Men are preaching Jesus Christ. The note
rf liberal preaching is positive. The
church which denies is losing in the race.
The BU who-tells what ho does not know
Is not given a lar^e hearing. The great
pulpits of the world are positive pulpits.
They are frontine toward the sunrise.
Never before has Christ been preached as
now — Christ in all his relations and as
pects. He is the living theme of the liv
in? pu'pit.
"Fourth— In America I found a strong
opposition against the Westminster stan j- i
srds of faith. These standards. once
adopted by Congr*-gationalists. are now
considered to b* the sole property of the
1'reebyterians. They are In doubt as to
•what disposition to make of them. When
a thing gets about so old it is placed in
a museum. That is where the AVestmi::
fter confession should go. It Is no longer
believed. End must disappear under the
light of new ideas of Clod, as certain as
the Chinese empire mus; go down before
Western ideas. The Westminster confes- I
Blon of faith is tho Chinese empire of i
modern theology. We must respect the I
men who Iraimxi it and honor those who J
have for many years adopted it as a doc
trinal charter, but the Presbyterians
themselves desire to lay aside the ex
hausted platitudes of this old and ho:i
<»r<?d banner of th*? church. Men like Dr.
Parkhurst. Dr. Van Dkye and Dr. Cuss- I
kr. and papers like the Interior urge a I
radical change of the Westminster con- I
Session.
'•Fifth— The pulpit has more scope than
formerly. The circule of Us power hai
expanded. It is more diincult now to b>?
a preacher than fifty years ago. When
"Wendell Phillips occupied th<? pulpit of
Theodore rarker In Boston h*. said: 'It
was a live man spoaking to men alive on
nil live qustion?.' That is a good defini
tion of the pulpit of to-day. It is u
prophecy, a watch-tower, an rva.ngel cf
P"O<1 Dews, a fnrco, an instituton of right
eousness. Wherei'er wrongs need re
dressing and humanity defending, wher
ever men have fallen and need lilting up,
there is the place for the pulpit.
"Sixth— The strong pulpits of Christen
dom are reinforced by a strong constituen
cy, by congregations and churches of pow
er. No pulpit stands alone. Evpr»; Mount
Shasta if buttressed by giant hills. No
Ftar in the sky but that shines in celestial
fellowship. The wave breaks upon the
Fhore. but it Is thrown out by a mighty
pulFe behind H. The pulpit is the wave,
the people are the ocf-an behind it. The
Ff>cret of great pulpits is found in the
pews. Good churches make stror.g
preachers, loyally, reverence, consistency,
unity of men. self-sacrifice, these In
spire the pulpits and kindle holy fire.<
upon the altars. You cannot build a lire
with icicles; you cannot warm a man's
heart with cakes of Ice. A great preachi r
!s a live nan. through whose lips a great
people speak."
Preaches a Vigorous Sermon at the
Tlurd Congregational Church
on Modern Conditions
in the Pulpit.
ftev. Dr. Rader Discourses
Fourteenth Century
Christianity.
SAYS MOSS IS
BEING RUBBEO
OFF THE BIBLES
Dr. C. L. Zlegler, district deputy grand
patriarch, assisted by J. W. Harris as
grand high priest. W. F. Crossett as grand
senior warden. T. R. Morse as grand
junior warden. W. H. Blunden as grand
scribe. R. C. Black as grand treasurer,
C. M. Miller as grand outside sentinel and
M. V. Forbea as grand inside sentinel, in
stalled the following officers of Oriental
Encampment; I. O. O. F.:
F "VV Derby chief r-atriarch; G. \V. Le
nient. hiKh r-rie-t; W. S. Mathias. senior tvar
<Vrr C H Kronbeck. Junior warden; A. Ho
vev.' scribe; Georpe H. Wilson, financial scribe;
! \ " H Kelton treasurer: J. F. Magoe, J. R.
i'oole' M T Creps and N. M. Peterson. Hrst.
' second third anct fourth watches respectively;
1 j I ock and W. T. Webb, puards; R. C. Black,
sui.io, John UcPherson, inside, and H. Rogers,
outside Fentir.el.
The ceremonies were followed by a ban
i aV Th'e following named have been installed
i as the officers of Cosmopolitan Lodge, I.
j 6. O. F.. for the current term:
i Thomas P. Jarvis. ras* nobl e grand; M. J.
! Bripard. noble prand; N. Fick, vice prand: W.
1 1^ Mfu«er recording, and W. W. Pect. nnan
! rial secretary: B. MaRlnnis. treasurer; A. II.
Cousin*, warden; U G Schord conductor: J.
' V Rodrlch. infide. and A. Morris, outside
I cuard- \ J. Cteary. risht. and H. Bull, left
! «urporter' to the nobla grand: Robert Wynell
and A. Kofooac rlRht and left supporter to
thp vice prand: VT. H. Ivey and J. H. Hunch
ri;r. scene supporters.
Following the Installation there was the
presentation of a handsome embroidered
repalia to the letirlngr noble grand. T. P.
! Jarvis, who has filled the chair for two
1 successive terms.
The officers of Oriental Rebekah Lodjre
! were installed in public last "Wednesday
j night in the presence of a large number
1 of 'people. The hall was tastefully dec
orated with silver spangled white muslin
I and evergreens; also with the colors of
! the order. The ceremony was conducted
I by Mrs. E. M. Cyrus, D. D. P., and a
| corps of officers. After the officers had \
i br-en Inducted into office I>. Marchant. on ]
i behalf of the lodge, presented to Miss ;
! Amy the retiring past noble grand.
| a beautiful jewel. This was followed by
; the presentation by the lodge, through
Mrs. M. P. Forbes, of a basket of roses to
Mrs. Mary Vaji Slyck. the organist, who
retired after serving the lodge for many
years. The new noble grand, Mrs. Al!ie
Parker, then presented to Mrs. Derby, the
retiring noble grand, a magnificent rega
lia of her rank In the order. There was
dancing after the ceremonies.
The following officers of Prospertiy
Lodge of the Ancient Order of Lnlted
Workmen were installed last week by
Deputy Blackman. assisted by J. Meyer
as grand guide and a full corps of acting
grand officers:
D. Keefe. past master workman: W. P.
KLaJser master workman; J. A. Connolly, fore
man; F. J. Klatre, overseer; R. H. McPlier
son \fourth term), recorder; Owen X. Yeakle,
financier; J. G. North, receiver: T. F. J. Mur
phy, guide; John Ilansen, Inside, and A. Lind,
outside watchman.
After the installation there was a ban- 1
quet and the presentation of a cold chain \
and locket to the retiring past master
workman.
Washington Lodge. Ancient Order of
t United Workmen, had Its officers Installed
by Deputy Knoles, assisted by A. Jack
son as guide and a number of deputies.
L. Zekofsky. P. ii. W.; Julius Meyer, M. VV. ;
J. PavidFnn. F.; R. A. Lewin, O.: R. A.
Lindsay. R.; L. Menniger. Fin.; B. H. Shun
hoff. Itecv. : Herman Meyer. G. ; Henry Simon.
I. \V. ; AiJam Loh. O. W. : John Lauer. J. Dav
ldson and H. J. Mack, trustees.
The ceremony of installation was fol
lowed by a banquet.
J. J. Cunningham. D. D. G. M. W., as
sisted by J. Bowman as grand guide and |
I noting grand officers, installed the follow-
I Ing named as the officers of Magnolia
I Lodge. A. O. I'. W.. for the current term:
1 Gfor»e P. P. M. W. ; Simon Cohn,
M. W.; M. H. Besaon. F. ; E. T. Duncan. O. ; I
C. T. Srenccr. R. ; H. Stern, Fin.; S. Kragen,
Recv. ; S. IsaarB. G. ; H. Rowtowsky, I. W. ; J.
Stamper. O. \V.
During the evening George P. Wetmore.
! the past master workman, was presented
I with a heavy gold seal ring and S. Kra- I
i gen. for ten years the receiver of the j
lodge, was presented a gold watch and
chain.
The following named elected officers of
j Unity Lodge of the Ancient Order of
i T'r.itcd Workmen will be installed with
I appropriate ceremonies on Tuesday even-
I ing nf-xt: .-j ; . ;•; ;
Mottle I<evy, rast master workman; T. W.
Ward, master workman; N. Reise, foreman;
J. K. Clifford, overseer; H. Grimshaw. re
corder: William Tuggey. financier; Edward
l.awton. receiver: C O'Brien, guide: G. M.
Kaolin. Inside, and J. F. Stenberg, outside
watchman.
The officers of Golden Gate Parlor TCo.
23. N. S. G. W.. were installed on the night
of the Pth inst. by James O. Gara, D. D.
G. P. The new officers are:
Fred Cramer, president; Louis D. Sourlan.
I^ouis Sleb« and John R. Melsaac. vice presi
dents; Adolph EberhanJt, recording, and David
Wilson, financial secretary; Henry C. Pas
quale, treasurer; William Garms Jr.. marshal;
A. LuSeraann. Inside, and Harry Crowe, out-
Bide sentinel; Dr«. Oerald J. F"!tz<r11>bons. Ed
ward S. Howard and J. I.. Arbosart. surgeons.
After the installation President Cramer,
in behalf of the parlor, presented to Fred
Suhr Jr.. the retiring junior past presi
dent, a magnificent gold badge set with
diamonds.
More than 4M members of Golden Gate
Camp of the Woodmen of the World wit
nessed on last Monday night the installa
tion of the following named officers for
the current term. M. T. Moses, past head
consul, being the installing officer, assist
ed by W. <l. Cressey as escort:
T. F. Quinlan. past consul commander; E. R.
Kngf-'.man. consul commander; W, P. Jones,
KdviKer liputonant: J. J. Donahu*. escort;
George <7- Rouse, watchman; David Brown,
tsentry: Charles Laufman. manager.
After the installation a lino collation,
which had been prepared under the di
rection of J. S. Paterson.. George J.
Strong and G. C. Rouse, the banquet com
mittee, was served. During- the evening
there was an address on "Woodcraft and
Fraternal Societies" by Tv J. Barry;
specialties by W. J. Hynes. N and an ad
dress by Past Head Counsel Moses, who
then, on behalf of the camp, presented a
beautiful jewel to the, retiring counsel,
Commanclfr T. F. Quinlan. The St. John
IJrothers favored With instrumental music
and sliort addresses were made by 13. R.
Enpolman. V. T. Phelp?. David Oliver Jr.,
C. W. Bell and W. P. Jones.
Head Adviser Richard Fahey has in
stalled tho foUerwir.g named officers of
Culumet Camp of the Woodmen of the
World:
I'red B. Swan, past consul commander; Wll-
Grcnt Crowds Attend the Induction
of Their Friends Into the Sev
eral Stations They Are
to Fill.
Grand Deputies Obligate Of
ficials for the Current
Term.
MANY ORDERS
INSTALL THEIR
NEW OFFICERS
The Feast of St. Ignatius, in honor of
the founder of the Jesuit Society, will
be celebrated with great solemnity this
year at St. Ignatius Church. The feast
falls on Tuesday, the last day of July, but
by privilege granted by the Holy See
the ceremony has been transferred to the
following Sunday,- the first in August.
Elaborate preparations are being made
for the celebration. It will last through
out the day and will consist of the mass
with special music In the evening par
ticularly the music will be most Impres
sive.
The decoration of the church will re
ceive special attention. The adornment
of the altar is already being designed.
There will be an examination of boys
for admission to St. Patrick's Ecclesias
tical Seminary at Menlo Park at 10
o'clock to-morrow morning at the cathe
dral residence, 1100 Franklin street.
Studies will be resumed at the seminary
the first week of August. All who pass
the examination are admitted.
The date of the return of Archbishop
Riordan is not yet determined. At the
cathedral residence no information has
been received. It is supposed that the
Archbishop has left Chicago. lie planned
to make the trip home leisurely, with
stops at several cities en route. Salt Lake
City will be his last stop.
At the cathedral residence it is under
stood that the Archbishop will certainly
be back before the end or July. Whether
the return will be within a few days or
not for two weeks is a matter of uncer
tainty.
Examination of Boys for Admission
to St. Patrick's Ecclesiastical
Seminary to Bs Held
To-Morrow.
Elaborate Preparations Be
ing Made for the Day's'
Services.
CELEBRATED
THE FEAST OF
ST. IGNATIUS
FLYING JOURNEY OF
TWO LYRIC ARTISTS
THE SA1ST FRAXCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, JULY 16, 1900.
SIGNORA VITTORIA ITALIA RE
PETTO and Sigmor Gulseppe Fer
rari, the European singers who
have been engaged for the forth
coming grand opera season at the Tivoli,
arrived in this city early Saturday morn
ing after a race across two continents
as exciting as that made by Jules Verne's
hero of eighty day celebrity.
On the 24th of Juno the two singers
closed an engagement at the Imperial
Theater In St. Petersburg! and alter
singing at a fete given at the palace of
the Czar, left for Paris on the overland
express. The trip consumed three days.
A stop of ten hours was made In Paris
in order that Mme. Melba. a lifelong
friend of Signora Repetto, might have
time to cross the channel from Dover
and bid her sister artist godspeed. Then
came Havre, where the steamer for New
Tork was boarded. The latter city was
reached last Sunday. Four hours after
the singers' arrival they boarded the
overland train, reaching San Francisco
four hours behind schedule time. A
freight wreck In New Mexico was re
sponsible for the delay.
SiR-nora Repetto comes hero -with he
European honors thick upon her. Th
lyric artiste has but recently closed i
triumphal tour which embraced Rome
Milan, Xaples, Berlin. • Tiflls and St
Petersburg. Signora Repetto has a va
ried repertoire, and during- the comini
season will sing the leading roles in
"Lucia." "Mignon," "Rieoletto," "Car
men." "I Puritani," "The Huguenots,'
"L.'Afrlcaine.'" Ophelia in "Hamlet" an<
Anne in "Falstaff." ¦; ¦¦'¦' '¦ .-.^' •'-"
SigTior Ferrari is one or Europe s bes
known barytones, and will be heard ii
all his principal roles at the Tivoli.
5
WILL BIXG IN GRAND OPERA
AT THE TIVOLI.
A GLITTERING ARRAY OF FIRST-CLASSf
TALENT.
WILLIAMSON AND STONE,
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART in "Cap-
tain Sasanne."
JOHN DOXOHUE AN'T> MATTTB NICHOLS J
SMITH AND FULLER; BARRERE AND
JULES: QUAKER CITY QUARTET: STEL-
LA MAYHEW: CLAYTON WHITE AND
MARIE STUART, assisted by MISS EVA,
RANDOLPH; AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserred seats. 23c; balcony, 10c; opera chair*
and box seats. Me.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
*TIVOL1*
BRILLIANT REVIVAL TO-NIOHT. -
Of the Famous Comlo Opera,
The Greatest Production Ever Seen Here, *
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 1. •
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
MONDAY. JULY SO, GALA OPENTNO 07
THE GRAND jOPERA SEASON.
POPULAR PRICE9-25C and We. T.
Telephone— Bush 9.
THEY HOWLED!
IT WAS SO \/ER"V F'UNN'V.
AT GAY
CONEY ISLAND
Presented by
HATHEWS AND BULGER and
DUNNE AND RYLEY'S ALL-STAR CAST.
Every Evening This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Sunday— MATHEWS & BULGER'S
ORIOIN'AL. SrCCTESS. "Rt'SH CTTT."
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manages
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP!
Ths Tremendous New York Sensation,
THE GREAT RUBY!
Which Broke All Records at American
Theaters.
PRICES — T5<-. 50c. Kc, ISc
SATURDAY MATINEE— 50c. r>c. 13e, 10c,
Children Under Five Not Admitted.
/IvheatreTAV
THIS (MONDAY) NIGHT,
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
Beautiful Picturesque Production, •
INGOM AR!
' ONLY MATINEE SATXTRDAT.
Next Week— "THE COUNTRY GIRL" an<t
"ONLY THE MASTER SHALL BLAME."
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. \
THE OGDEXS. LA LISTA. THE BARTON9U
HOWARD & CAMPBELL. HADLET A
HART, WALLACE THE UNTAMABLE!
LION. MOVING PICTURES.
CANNON, THE FAT MAN,
Amateur Night, Thursday.
Cakewalk Night, Satnrday.
Telephone lor Seats, Park 23.
fTQPHPR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rlObniin D Admission lOc.
LENORE. WHITE & CO. in "AUTUMN"
LEAVES." Edward B. Adams. Coral Thorn-
dikf* Lena Johnson. Isabella Underwood and
New Movlnx Pictures by EDISON'S PRO-
JECTOSCOPE.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS
Open dal'.y from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. ¦
Bathin«r from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
BathinR. inc'udin, admission. 2ic: children. tOA.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Travelers from every portion of the
globe show, their ar)pr«"ciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
in these hotels by making them their
headquarters when visiting " San
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment en the American and European
plans.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
tS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
*tor and Nervine.
The most Wonderful anfcrodlslae and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
neys and Bladder. Sells on it* own merits.
NABKK. ALFS ft BRUNE. Agents.
in Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
FAVG!3a¥E
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN .
"Trunks, Valises anfl leather Goods,"
"Stationery "arid" Printing:." "Pictures and
Frames,' Camera Supplies" and "Artists'
Materials" are the five departments at
Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s where you can get
anything and everything: in these lines of
the-very best quality and at the very low-
est prices. -¦'..•¦¦
fAINLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES £^|
REQUIRED jpxU
Out removable bridge work ls beautiful aod
durable. Warranted 10 years.
•.^fES)"— Our S5-OO Plates
«IP§^i^3i|5*ffi*p§ijr* palrjless extracting
l^^^^'^^^rf ls P ate Oted and
PRICE LIST for 30 Days:
Painless Extraction «..?£*
Rf movable Bridgewcrk ••••••- 55 # 'C'
Crowns 52.OO to *r».O<>
Pure Gold Fillings #1.OO
Amalgam •i*2S
Gold and Platina ;.91.on
Silver Filling ROe
Mrs. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to th.-
children's teeth— painlessly.
C>F«. F*. I \A//^E_^H.
815% OEART ST., between Hyde and Larkln.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays.
! & to 12. Telephone Polk 113.*.
CREDIT TO EVERYBODY.
A CENTLE HINT
TO
Furniture and Carpet Buyers:
INSPECTJURI PRICES.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. Near Powell.
FREE DELIVERT WITHIN ISO MILES.
DR. MEYERS & CO., |
Specialists for Ailments of Yen,
731 MARKET ST., , SAN FRANCISCO.
§vim. vmjor, Vitality for men*
MORMON* BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
rlgarette-smoklnif. Cures Lost
ilanhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Rack. Kvil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Ivo«s of S j men. frm Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops ne *^J KB rvous Twitching
ot Eyelids. Effect? r^JTa 1 '^ immediate.
Impart x-isnr and *-m '•=» potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
liand. Restores small, undeveloped . organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 00c a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mall. A ¦written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boses. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
st.. San Francisco. Cal., GRANT PHARMACY.
3S Third tt.
\M. T. HESS.
ROTARY PUBLIO AN3 ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus SpreckeU Bids.
Telephone Brown 331.
Residence. S21 California, it., below Powell.
Ban FrancUco.
Weekly CaU,$1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOURTH WEEK OP THE SEASON. \
SIX NIGHTS.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAX Presents
HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL. COMPANY
In Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Comedy, I
"THE LFARS."
LAST SEASON'S GREAT SUCCESS. 1
July 25— "His Excellency, tha Governor."
NEXT THURSDAY AFTERNOON,
July 15. at 2:30.
FIP.ST OF THE
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES,
Magnificently Illustrated.
SubJect-'*MANILA."
Same to be repeated on Sunday niffht.
Sea;s now ready 50c. 75c. It
I Y&u Have K- \
I Tilt August 1st Ji%!\
H trje opportunity to order a first-class p^I^^^^a^^
Eg maie-to-order suit at greatly reduced jj n | ri § i^?li*^|pjs^£a '
E£ prices. Best workmanship aijd sailsfac-. .-j L M fi I ? -i J^y^PsH §|8\ I
K tlon guaranteed. [ [V ! /f^tl^llS 2ll|= S
i $17.50 Sack Suite reduced to- -SI3.50 nnnA^l^^i
I S20.OtlS2ciSttitsreteito-.Sl5.50 " J I . If -''£*@hMs^ j - I
is $30.00 Dressy Suits retafl to • $25. oo wJ!MMiti§~ i
'f $8. 00 Pants reted to S6.00 = i£=^^l|fe
1 JOE POHEin^nor
\* 1110-1112 Market St. jt| I
p 201-203 Montgomery St., S. F. }^'^§ «
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SUTTER STREET
To our out-of-town customers and
friends we say write for your wants
— large or small — we will attend to
them promptly.
Everything shipped free within
ioo miles.
Ask for July Catalogue. ;
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Uammncirc Full line. nil thi* «<\non'«
nailllllUbAd at a reduction of 2J per cent.
Tea, 10 different kinds Ib 40c
This season's Japan and Ceylon Teas
unsurpassed in quality at this price.
Cnnni "^uchard." Made in Switzerland—
UULUfl, highest grade.
*;-ib v^ib l-lb
Regrularly :5c 10c 90c
Now -Oc 40c 8Oc
Scotch Whisky 5 yrs old bot $1.00
Tnl^U'n^u, 10 yrs old bot $1.25
of HUhland whiskies. Res. II 23. Jl JO.
Jelly Glasses covered doz 35c
Rep. 40c and 35c uncovered SOc
Fard Dates ?£ uUrly Ib 10c
Claret gallon 35c
A koo<3. nound wine. Warranted to
keep in bottles. Regularly £0c gallon.
Deviled H2m £&1&; Ib 15c
Delicious for .sandwiches. Ties. 20c
Ban-Ki-Pore Chutnay pt 35c
Ban-KI-Pera Sauce h pt 20c, pt 35c
Horseradish Mustard jar, 20c
Bayles'. The only genuine. Reg.' 23e.
Old Crow Bourbon " s ns£ 1 " bot $1.50
Yellow label, bottled at distillery by
TV. A. Gaines & Co. Regularly 12.
Hermitage Rye Whisky bot $1.15
The peer of all ry"- R*S- oral XA
Ji 50 bot. 16 gal. & fl ' *t,3U
Extension Handle, 4 feet long 15c
Easily attached to lengthen duster,
celling brushes, etc.; very handy around
the house. Resrularly 23c.
Night Lights, "Pope" box 10c
IOO lights. Regularly 15c.
CIGARS.
La Muriel Imencibie Chico
Imported Havana, our regular price
12>ic each.
3 for S0c elsewhere.PACIFIC CRICKET TEAM
WINS AN EASY VICTORY
Beats the Cnampions of Last Year
With Six Wickets to
Spare.
The Pacific cricketers won an easy vic
tory yesterday, over the California eleven.
Winning the toss, they sent last year's
champions to the bat and succeeded In
dismissing the whole side for 25. Then
going to the wickets they managed to
compile just 36." In the second Inning the
Calif ornlans were all out for 65, to which
total Guild j contributed 19 and Dickenson
14. Casidy bowled well in this - inning,
capturing seven ? wickets. Going to the
bat for the second time the Pacifies ran
Attendance of Marksmen Was Very
light and the Competition
Was Without Interest.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
Its usual bi-monthly shoot yesterday at
Harbor View range. The strong wind
and changeable light prevented good
scores. The results:
All-comers' rifle medal, 200 yards, offhand—
A B. Dorrell. £6, 64.
Rifle class medal. 209 yards— Dr. H. C. Trask
1^0- X. A. Robinson. 190. *
i Record scores, 200 yards— Dr. J. V. Twist.
99. 113. 120. 124.
All-comers', Twist revolver medal— Dr J F
Twist. 99. 89. 1»L *'
All-comers' 22 and 23 caliber rifle, E0 yards—
A. B. Dorrell. 20, 26, 29. 2t». SO; T>r. J. F Twist
23, 21. 27. 58; C. F. Waltham. 33. 36. M.
¦ m ¦ i
COLUMBIA PISTOL MEN
SHOOT FOR CLUB PRIZE
REGULAR MONTHLY EVENTS
HELD AT SCHUETZEN PARK
Large Attendance and Much Interest
Taken in the Various Marks
manship Contests.
The regular monthly shoots were held
at Schuetzon Park yesterday. There was
a splendid attendance and much interest
wns taken In the shooting.
The scores made in San Francisco
Orutll Schuetzen section were as fol
lows:
Bulls»?yo shoot— First prize, A. von Wyl- sec
ond, A. Gehret; third. A. Hlnterman; fourth
T. Baumcartner; fifth, O. Flndorf- sixth. F
Rlmmen; neventh. T. Furrer; eighth. Charles
Out. Medal shoot, champion class — A. Gehret
422, A. Hlnterman 413. T. Elmmen 33S. T. Fur
rf r 2S6,
The winners of last year's medal com
petition were:
Champion class, A. Gehret, 1290 points- first
K. Hanson. 1135; second. Charles Ott. 1175:
third, not won; first best shot medal, A. Studer
last best shot, A. Gehret.
The scores made by the San Francisco
Turners Schuetzen were as follows:
Charles Nellsen 383, H. Enje 4J7, A. Schrump
es«. O. Tammeyer 632, R. Lange 743, Captain
Attlnser 1133, F. Klatzel 1241, O. Burmeister
1274. Charles Sagehorn 1960; drum corps— F.
Krueckel 847. XV. Straub 1756.
Tlie California Schuetzen Club section
had a good attendance of shooters, who
spent the day puncturing- the targets.
The scores made were as follows:
P. E. Mason 259. D. B. F&ktor 264. August
Jungblut 303, C. Meyer 306, O. Burmeister 406
R. Longer 412. T. J. Carroll 461. C. Henderson
477. C. J. Walder 507. L. Bendel 677. Captain F.
Attinger £83, O. Bremer 646, J. Straub 840, H.
Enge 897. A. Bertelsen 1026, J. L. Utschig 1067.
J. Bachmann 10S3, A. Gehret 1162, B, Strecker
1190, J. Kuhllmann 1263. A. Rahwyler 1269 J.
C. Waller i277. H. Eckmann 1563. A. Hampel
1598. M. Reubold 1690, H. Rlchmuller 1740. J.
Hirrstmann 1920, L,. C. Babln 2174, A. Scbrunsh
2V}, A. Utscblg CS0. C. Eagebora 2133.
Judges— Lovett and Battu. Referee— Everett.
Clerk— Smyth.
" In the 400-mctre hurdle race Tauzln, who
has held the French record for years,
was considered a sure winner, but Tewks
bury went to the front at the start and
was never headed, winning easily. Tauzln
finished only a yard ahead of Orton
Time, 67 3-5 seconds.
The 2500-metre steeplechase handicap,
¦which included a stone fence, a water
jump, hurdles and other obstacles, created
greater enthusiasm than all tho other
events of the day. Six men came to the
scratch, including two Americans, Orton
and Newton. England felt confident with
Robinson, while France had Chaatalne
Dunahoe represented Germany and
Kraschtil Austria. England and France
made nearly all the running, with Orton
in fourth place at the first tide-water. On
the second round America, France and
Great Britain took the water jumps
abreast. On the third and fourth rounds
England. France and the two Americans
were the only ones remaining In the race
so hot had been the pace.
Made a Hot Finish.
Orton was last, and many thought him
to be virtually out of it; but on the turn-
Ing for home he woke up, passing Chas
taine and Robinson. Robinson succumbed
when about 100 yards from the tape Or
ton crossing the tape five yards ahead of
him. Robinson being about the Bamo dis
tance in front of Newton. The time was
7 minutes 34 2-5 seconds.
The pole vault was long drawn out
Baxter finally winning by 3 metres and'lrj
centimetres, with Colkett nocond, 3 metr«<«
and 21 centimetres, and Andrrnon third
3 metres and 20 centimetres , ' '
The running broad jump brought th«
day to a close. Kraenzlein, In better form
than yesterday, outjumped Prlnatein'*
record, and. won with 7 metres and 18tt
centimetres, Prinstein coming second with
7 metres and 17V4 centimetres, and Lcahv
third- with _6 metres and 83 centJmeiro?.
Dellanoy (French) also Jumped.
Prinstein felt very badly over tho out
come, and offered to Jump, against
Kraenzlein to settle the question of su
periority to-morrow, but the latter de
clined. .
grand s^ind was largely occupied by
Americans, who cheered their champions
enthusiastically. When George W. Orton
of the University of Pennsylvania, after
seeming to be out of the long steeplechase,
made a magnificent spurt, beating an Eng
lishman, who looked a certain winner, the
enthusiasm was intense.
Kraenzlein Wins Handily.
The first heat in the sixty metres fiat
went handily to Kraenzlein, with Mina
han of Georgetown University second and
Prltchard of the English team third. Time
7 seconds.
In the second heat Tewksbury managed
to breast tho tape just ahead of Rowley
of New South Wales, with Holland of the
University of Georgetown third. Time
7 1-5 seconds.
, The final was a pretty contest, the men
being breasts apart at the finish, with
Krenzlein first, Tewksbury second and
Rowley third. Time 7 seconds. Mlnahan
also ran.
Richard Sheldon of the New York Ath
letic Club was the only American to strip
for the final in the shot putting, Mc-
Cracken of Pennsylvania and Garrett of
Princeton refusing to compete on Sunday.
Crettler, Hungarian, and Paraskevop
oulous, Greek, took their places. Neither
of these could outstrip the puts made yes
terday by McCracken and Garrett, and
the final resulted with Sheldon first, with
14 m«*:res and 10 centimetres, which is said
to beat tho world's record: McCracken
second, 12 metres 85 centimetres; Garrett
third, 12 metres, 37 centimetres.
French Record Beaten.
Only three started in the final of the 400
meters fiat, as l^ee and Maloney of Michi
gan and Boardman of the New York Ath
letic Club refused to run to-day. This
left Maxwell Long of the N. Y. A. C,
William J. Holland of the University of
Georgetown and Schulz, Dane. At the
'start Holland set a merry pace and held
It well Into the stretch, where Long
caught him. The two had a great run to
the llnish, which Long reached one yard
in advance of Holland. Schulz being far
thest to the rear. Time 48 2-5 seconds,
beating the French record of 50 3-5.
In the discus throwing Sheldon out
stripped his Hungarian competitors, but,
as the records of the latter made in the
preliminaries stood in the finals, yester
day they did better. Bauer (Hungarian)
was first with 36 metres, 4 centimetres,
and Janda (Austrian) second, 35 metres,
14 centimetres, with Sheldon third. 34
•metres, 60 centimetres.
The 1500 metres flat race brought out
nine contestants. Almost from the start
the race v/as a contest between Bennett
(English) and De Loge (French), Bennett
winning by two yards. De Loge second
and John Bray of Williams College third.
.Time, 4 minutes. 6 seconds.
Baxter Takes High, Jump.
Baxter- of the University of Pennsyl
vania'was the only American in the run
ning high jump to-day, and he easily re
tained . his reputation, - winning with 190
centimetres. Leahy. (Irish) ; was second
with 176 centimetres, and ' Goenzy (Hun
garian) third, 175 centimetres,"
PARIS, July 15.— Although deprived
of the services of some of her best
athletes, who declined to contest
in to-day's events of the world's
amateur championships in the
Bois de Boulogne, objecting to Sunday
competition, America won eight out of
ten of those decided, gaining live second
positions and four thirds.
One incident caused an unpleasant jar.
The terms of the agreement were reached
with the French officials at a joint meet
ing on Wednesday night. At that time It
was certainly understood by the Ameri
cans that the French had agreed that the
finals In the field events in which they
had entered, and which should come off
to-day, would be so arranged that the
Americans objecting to Sunday competi
tion could contest alone Monday and that
the records then made would bo counted
in reaching the final awards. Last night
the French decided that events set for to
day myst be concluded finally on the
grounds to-day, but that records made In
the preliminary trials yesterday would
stand.
This action was taken, It appears, on
the ground that tho other contestants ob
jected to such an advantage being given
the Americans. The decision was not
known to the Americans, and early in the
day some of the contestants, among them
Ba-'com Johnson of the New 'i ork Ath
letic Club and Charles Dvorack of the
University of Michigan, went to tho
grounds and were Informed that they
could contest Monday. On being so in
formed they went to their rooms. The
decision also operated against Prinsteln
of Syracuse University, who was pre
vented from competing to-day by the au
thorities of the college.
Protest of Americans.
A protest signed by all the American
teams has been presented to A. G. Spauld.
ing director of sports at the exposition,
against the change in the agreed arrange
ments However, as the Americans were
so successful some of the bad feeling dis
appeared. . ' '¦.
In order to overcome the feeling caused
by Messrs. Johnson and Dvorack being
out of the pole vault event, the French
officials have agreed to offer a special
prize for a pole vault Thursday.
Kraenzleln of the University of Penn
sylvania, whom Prinstein beat yesterday,
to-day jumped in the .«nal of the broad
jump and won over Prinsteln's jump of
yesterday by a small margin. Each had
three Jumps yesterday, but Kraenzlein
had six- more to-day, -while Prinstein. al
though on the grounds, could not jump.
He entered a protest after the games.
The representatives of the University of
Pennsylvania had a large share in - to
day's winnings, and their contesting
caused some feeling among the other col
lege men. -
Weather conditions to-day were perfect.
The number of spectators .was much
larger than yesterday, and again tbe
PRESTO BEATS
AEOLUS BY A
WIDE MARGIN
Corinthian's Special Club
Regatta Was a Com
plete Success.
In the big boats' class the sloop Harpoon
crossed the finishing line first, but a pro
test made against her by the captain of the
sloop Mischief was allowed and the prize
went to the latter. The Harpoon, on. the
port tack near Arch Rock, had forced the
Mischief, on the starboard tack, to go
about, instead of yielding the right of way
to her. In the S6-foot class Vice Commo
dore E. F. Sagar's Edna took lirst place,
beating Short brothers' Emma by the nar
row margin of 25 secon<Is.
Among the 30-footers ¦ Frank Stone's
Presto cam? in first and took first prize,
beating Wcetcrfield and Morrow's Aeolus
by nearly seven minute?. The prize in the
special class was won by the yawl Nereid.
In the 25-foot class the sloop Cupid beat
Commodore Hawks' May and the sloop
Phoenicia did not complete the course. In
the mosquito fleet J. M. Mattoon's racing
machine Doris II. imported last year from
the land of the Boxers, defeated the yawl
Kittiwake by a margin of nearly eight
minutes.
After the regatta Commodore Hawks
presented the flags won In the Decoration
day regatta and then the pewter mugs
to the winners in yesterday's races. In
each case the commodore accompanied
the presentation with a few appropriate
remarks, to which one or two of the re
cipients replied. The event was under the
management of the regatta committee of
the Corinthian Club, who did not announce
the cqurse until 10 o'clock yesterday morn
ing.
The results are shown in full in the fol
lowing table:
CORINTHIAN" YACHT CLVB SPECIAL. RE
GATTA, JUL.Y 15. 1S00.
The ppocial regatta of the Corinthian
Yacht Club yesterday was so much en
joyed by the members and their friends
that It will probably be made an annually
recurring event. Fifteen yachts started,
and all but two completed the course,
which was across a line drawn through
two- stakebeats anchored between the
clubhouse and the ferry slip, thence to
Arch Rock, leaving the same on the star
board; thence to the finishing line, pass
ing between the stakeboats. A decided
novelty was introduced in the start. At
the gun-fire for each class the crews of
the yachts in that class started from the
float in yawl boats, rowed out to the
yachts, made sail and got away from the
moorings. The yachts were divided into
six classes, as follows: 20-footers, 25-foot
ers, SO-footcrs, special class for yawls, 36
footcrs, and all over S6 feet. No time al
lowances were given and the start was
by the fire of a single gun.
••Did not finleh
•Disqualified
Daughters of St. George.
Britannia Ijodge No. 7, Daughters of St.
George, will give an old-fashioned Eng
lish tea party, entertainment and dance
on the evening of the 22d of August in
Pythian Castle. The affair promises to
be a novel event in fraternal societies and
an enjoyable one. The following named
have been placed on the committee of ar
rangements: Mrs. E. Goss, Mrs. A. E
Creba, Mrs. Ruth Meadows. Mrs. R. Hew
itt, Mrs. S. Clack. Mrs. J. G. Davis, Mrs.
A. Price. Mrs. J. Beauford. the Misses F.
and A. Be* «ford and Miss M. Ball.
Although Handicapped by a Sudden Change in the
Agreement Relative to Sunday Trials They
Win Nearly Every Event.
AMERICAN5 AGAIN OUTCLASS
THE ATHLETES OF THE WORLD
TENNIS MATCHES ON THE
CALIFORNIA CLUB COURTS
Eacket-Wielders Turn Out In Force
and Play a Series of
Sets.
The attendance at the grounds of the
California Tennis Club was not as large
aa usual, but what was lacking In num
bers was made tip in the quality of ten
nis played. The tournament committee
has decided to inaugurate once more the
continuous systern invented by Harry
Stetson, and the first matches will be
flayed next week. The ptayeni were
ranked 1 as follows: George \\ hltney. It.
Whitney. Dr. Root. W. B. Collier Jr.. J.
D McGavin.H. W. Crowell. Grant Smith.
M'. Johnson. James A. Cede, R. R Cor
nell. H. H. Halght. Ralph Bleven, \Y. Mc-
Gavin, Mr. Jones. W. Stauf. Vv . H. More
land Lieutenant J. Beuret. Frank King,
D Searles. P. Bailey, P. Kahn. C. Bricca.
Joseph Mayhew, R. McLean. C. Kuehn,
6 X'me of play is that ajiy player
ranking below another chaJlenges him to
a match which must be played within a
week. If the challenger win* he goes i up
one rank above the loser, but if the chal
lenger loses he keep^ his old rank and
cannot challenge the winner until two
weeks have elapsed. Three challenges
were immediately posted on the bulletin
board— W. B. Collier Jr. vs. C. B. Root.
H Crowell vs. J. D. McGavin, and James
A' Code vs. M. Johnson. Several yeara
ago this kind of a tournament was pro
ductive of a large number of good
matches, and kept up the attendance of
th» players to the courts.
Many good matches were played yester
day, the one between George \\ hltney and
C. B. Root being especially good. %\ hlt
nev won. 6—0. 6—2. S— 6. 6—1. K- hltney
played W. B. Collier Jr.. the winner of
the Fourth of July tournament, and beat
him easily in three straight sets. R. Whit
ney had another winning streak and
Crowell fell before him in three sets. 6-1,
£* f\ £> A
\V' B Collier Jr. defeated M. Johnson
in a'close and Interesting match, C— 2, 7— 5,
fi-1 Grant Smith beat Jarr.es A. Code.
7_5 «_•> 6-3. Johnson defeated Al Ros
' berr &-3. J- A - CoCo beat p - Kahn,
£_•> *£-3. A Worthington beat W. F. Bull.
»•_ n' e— 1 6—0. 3— 1>. Cornell beat Bailey.
£!•>' 6— \' Joe Daily beat Worthlr.gtoh.
|_2J 6_4. Kahn beat Dreyfuss. 6—1, fr-0,
&-ti; 6—i. __^
Golcher Won * 3Long-Distan.ce and
Mansfield the Delicacy Event
With Good Scores.
The San Francisco Fly-Casting Club
held its ninth Sunday contest at Stow
Lake yesterday.
There was a very strong wind blowing
during the day. and added to this, a cold
fog made it very disagreeable for the par
ticipants. Despite these drawbacks quite
a number of members took part In the
different events and some very good
scores were made.
In the long-distance event Golcher cast
126 feet, securing first place; Lovell sec
ond, with 123Vfe feet: Brotherton third, with
121 feet. In the accuracy event Mansfield
secured 'first place, with 95 per cent:
Young second, with 92 4-12 per cent;
Everett third. 92 per cent. In the dellcacy
event Mansfield secured first place, with
8G 11-12 per cent; Young second, with
S5 '5-12 per cent: Brotherton third, with
85 per cent. In the lure-casting event
Lovett scored OS 5-6 per cent, Brotherton
being second with ST 1-5 per cent, Mans
field third, S5 1-5 per cent.
A detailed account of the scores follows:
FLY-CASTERS WHIP THE
WATERS OF STOW LAKE
CAN a duck swim? Ask the Dol
phins, who held their annual ladles'
day and regatta at their boathouse
at Black Point yesterday. Ladies'
day Is an event in the Dolphins' annals.
Then It is that they, spurred on by the
beauty banked up In the gallery overlook-
Ing the bay, smash records like so many
egg shells.
Early in the morning came the crowd
and it stayed until the last struggling
Dolphin fell gracefully eft the greasy pole
Into the "wet."
Inside the clubhouse the club flags and
the stars and stripes were draped artisti
cally round the walls. During the after
noon the members and their friends in
dulged in an impromptu dance upstairs
and kept it up until Tom Koleen took a
hand. The floor proved unequal to the
strain and after a tenor solo by William
O'Brien, Jerry Dillon, the "railroad king,"
President Fred Woerner and "Shorty"
Baker carried the piano downstairs and
the crowd followed. The floor was cleared
and Fred OConnell and "VV. O. Patch did
a cakewalk for a ham sandwich. Presi
dent Woerner and "Trixeda" Al Laid fol
lowed with a few graceful sand stunts.
Then Bert Vailler limbered up and did a
buck and wing that brought down the
house. This concluded the olio and the
audience filed out to watch "Mike" Ed
dy's new bathing suit do a slide for life
on the greasy pole.
The tub race brought out a number
Of the talent, but only two of them, J. D.
Farreli and A. W. Pape, made good. The
last named won easily, while Farreli re
volved and asked his iriends on the wharf
whether he was a merry-go-round or a
roulette wheel.
The old clothes swimming race proved
a popular event. Pape took off his vest
and thereby gained the prize. "Billy"
Ervine, Joe Erles and Tom Kennedy did
their best, but they were not in it for a
moment. Tom Ferguson had a "barrel"
of fun in the special gig race. He
doubled up with President Woerner to
make Elkin Coney and H. Perazzi look
like the crew of a beer schooner, but
something went wronjr and the Coney-
Perazzl craft gave the rival crew a chance
to show how their clothes fitted behind.
In the barge race, seniors against Juniors,
the beardless ones were badly beaten.
Pape and his fellow-patriarchs shoved
their furrowed brows and flowing beards
across the line several seconds, by Tom
Ferguson's watch," before the "kids" slid
over,
Wow! P,ut the crowd yelled when the
Dutch and Irish contestants In the great
barge race stepped out. The German crew
pot the new shell; and "the men that came
over" had the "half-shell," as T. R. Dixon,
with trunks of a vivid emerald hue, so
there would be no mistake about It, re
marked.
But it was no use. The Rhiners shot bv
like a runaway automobile, and the Irish
"also ran." To properly celebrate the close
of this race "Sousa" Pape, stiver cornet
in hand, lined up the "Dolphin sirens,"
consisting of Sid Cavlll with a stick,
"Verdi" Patch with a tuba, Joe Farreli
with another one. Robert Pheay with two
sections of a barrel and a coal oil can and
Billy Orndorff with a triangle. After play
ing "Fucrst Weinerwurst" in honor of the
winning crew, the band, protected from
assaults by a stronp bodyguard, escorted
both crews back to the clubhouse.
The various events and their winners
follow:
Senior skiff race — Georsre Maker.
Senior shell race — Alec Pape, champion of the
Pacific Coast, and T. R. Kennan rowed a dead
heat.
Gig race, special— H. Perazzl and Elkin Co
r.ey, Val. Kehrleln cockswain.
Junior pkifT race — E. O. Kraeness.
BarKe race 1 — Seniors won, the crew being A.
W. Pape, W. O. Patch. George Baker and E.
O. Krarness.
220-yanl swimming race, open— Denny Carroll
of the Olympic Club.
Tub race — A. W. Pare.
Handicap, swimming race — Ed Kragness.
Barge race, Irish vs German— German crew,
consisting of A. F. Schuppert. A. H. Pape. F.
W. Woerner, H. Swedlund and A. L. Schuppert,
won.
Old clothes swimming race — A. W. Pape.
Greasy pole— Denny Carroll.
Sid Cavlll and George Dawson pave ex
hibitions of fancy diving and rapid swim
ming, winning great applause.
The officers in charge of the day were:
Referee, A. L. Schuppert; starter, A. P.
Rothkopf; timers. F. C. Staib. J. B. Keen
an and T. J. Sullivan: Judge. Tom Keogh;
handicapper, A. "W. Pape; master of cere
1 monies, Captain T. J. Kennedy.
Played Handball at Ryan's.
The play and attendance at Phil Ryan's
handball court. S58 Howard street, were
above the average yesterday. There
were twelve matches rattled off, with the
following results:
Leon Escolle and H. Racoulllat beat M. Mc-
M«ill and P. McKinncn. 21—17. 21—17. 21—12.
J R. Bockman and D. J. Sheehan beat E.
McDonough and E. Lynch, 21-15, 20-21, 21-U
E. Ijevene and W. Walsh beat M. Levy and
S Wurkhelm. 21-10, 21-19. 21-13.
P Baseh and V>. O'Brien beat II- Berwria and
Martin Levy. 21-9, 21-14, 21-12.
E Maloney and M. Dillon beat W. Kelly and
P Hutchlnson, 21-16. 21-8, 21-14.
P. Ryan and M. Joyce beat G. B. Hajrward
and \V. H. Sieberst. 21-13. 21-12, 21-19. 1S-ZU
1S-21.
J. Condon and T. Leach beat A. McVIcker
and W. Magulre. 21-13. 14-21, 21-1?. 12-21. 21-13.
J. Rogers and "VV. Wallace beat R. Hausman
and W. Stapff. 21-17. 21-20. 21-15.
E. White and J. Glyr-n beat W. Johnson and
C. Patton, 21-10. 21-15, 19-21. 17-21, 21-13.
G Green and W. Johnson beat J. Killlan and
C. Lakin. 21-13. 51-1S. 21-20.
J. Collins and J. Haxlow beat J. Rlordan and
E. Curley. 21-16, 19-21. 16-21. 21-20, 21-17.
THINGS APPARENT TO AN EYE-WITNESS OF THE DOLPHINS' MERRY-MAKING.
Twenty-Third Annual Ladies' Day and Rowing Regatta of
the Popular Club of Oarsmen Draws Big Crowd
to Black Point.
San Francisco 5, Oakland 4.
FuU of jrir.jr^r that was constantly pnp
pir.g was the baseball pam<? yesterday
efttmenn at Recreation Park. For the
pevcoth consecutive time Hank reached
the turn of victory <m the baseball wheel.
If the straiphts continue h<» will put the
machine* <-ut <¦ f btutaesa for sheer joy.
Everything under a sun that smiles at
baseball was to he found in the match.
Twice the sooro was tied, and so elope waa
either eiO to victory that a hair's turn
here or there might have done the tricK.
Ilri k grew restless about tne sixth In
ring and put Jburg into the box. and the
K 3P was eavod. it was Knell's first per
formance on the- slab for Frisco, an.l he
was a lit shiky. Other changes were
mrxAc- n'so. llobe Levy wns forced to quit
In the middle of the same, and this cave
l"itzpatn< k a chance to do eOrae slow lie d
ine in right. .
Of course, the crowd was noisy and ex
ploslve. En ry man. woman and child
•was out to prre.itn. and th^y received their
money*! w.-.rth in heart tremors. Ten hits
ior each team, lively adding and a close
score mafle the game what it was.
"Laprr" Pabst came all :he way over
from Jirst in the fourth inning, mixed up
in a double play. lost hi* wind and his
tamper, threw the ball at Arrt-Ilanps head.
fell on tho ground writhinff in agony and
when he recovered said something: had.
This is the wav Jt happened. ManRerina
Lit to Krugr. who threw him out at first.
ArreManes trba wan on third, started for
the plate and Pabst threw to Sullivan.
Arrellanes Ftoppcd midway ar.d the entire
local teem prt into the play. Th» runner
¦was finally brought to bay by Pabst. who
received a butt in the stomach that did
all the work. Then the pa me was delayed
for more air for "Beery" Pabst.
In the third Oakland sent a man over
the rubber. Marfrerina started the action
toward the fcacs by taking the ball on a
f oatlr.g rib. ar.d a hit by Hardie sent him
to the i-ecor.d station. Drrr.nan ?ecrifiec-d,
advancing both runners a base, but Lanjre
«".M nothing- for his country, fouling out.
Hntchlsson walked and then cam^ the
fun. Sullivan threw to second to extin
guish Hutchinscn's fiery career, but the
tall wort hiRh and Manjjcrina scored.
Frar.cks died and the team went to the
benches.
The fcoro was poon tied. There was a
Ji!t by Jvrus and a sacrilice by Reilly. An
otfaer hit l>y Knell scored Kruer. That was
all thrre was in the way of run-gettir.g
this lr.r.ir.pr.
The fifth ir.ning gave Oakland a tempor
ary load. Haroie. Drennan and Lanpe
crowded tho bags when Hutchir.son hit to
Schwartz, who throw to Sullivan, and
Hardie- perished. Francks was next up
r.nd swatted a lone fcish one to Rube
Levy, wlm sadly misjudped it. Urennan
eccrlng. Larifre. who tried to do the same
thing, was ca'j^ht at the plate.
Exciting and pretty was the play in the
end of the i;fth. which made the scpre 4
to 2 in Frisoo's favor. It was a matter
of hits and pretty base-runnlr.g. A double
by Rfilly and a bit by Knell gave them
both a chance for pretty steals. Reilly on
third came home on Knell's steal of sec
ond. Then came Brockhoff with a three-
Itapeer sird a hit by Hildebrand. which
added up in results just three runs and
four hits. The excitement was too much
for Rube, who jetirtd after this inning-,
Un<3f"!'ran<i proinff to loft and Fitzpatrick
coming into the same at right.
The Onst of the sixth brought another
fie. ArreIIar.es rolled tho ball out for two
Ija^s. Manp*rir.a liuntod safely. Hardie
hit and Urennan did the Fame. Then there
%vas some bad throwing by Knell, the re-
Milt of it all being two runs, one by Man
pr-rina. the other by Arrelianes.
Frisco took the lead in the seventh.
Reilly made the initial basr on Francks'
error, second on Knell's sacrifice and third
on Urockhoff's hit, which made the run
ner safe on account of a wild throw to
Tirrt. Ro'.'.ly scored on the throw in of
HUdebrand's fly to Drcnnan. The score:
OAKLAND.
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible tor — Moskirr.an 3. Kn<?ll 3.
Thre«*-bas<» hit— BrockhoJT. T»o-lia.w hitF—
Francks. ReUly. Arrellanes. H<?M. Facriflce
hits— t>rennan. Reilly. Knell. First base on
«Trer^— San Francisco 2. Oakland 2. First ba.««
«n celled bails — Oakland 2. Left on baws— San
Francisco 4. Oakland S. Struck oat— By Iburg
S, by S'osklman 1. lilt by pitcher— Manperina
et>a Drenr.tn. Double plays— Krus to Pabst to
Sullivan; RelUy to Knell to Pabst; Arre!lan<*s
to Franckn to Hutchtr.pon. Time of pame — 2:00.
¦Umpire— I>oaa.hue. Ottlcial scorer— J. W. Sta
fletoa.
mommTG gajie.
San Francisco 9, Oakland 6.
Oscar Jones of Hanford was in the box
Sor Oakland yesterday morning, and the
local team untwisted him for fourteen
hits. The game was wnn in the eighth in
ning, when the scor^ was six all.
Kruc, Rellly and Fltzpatrick were
crowding the bags when Urockhoff came
to the plate. He did the proper thinp— a
t wo-bapger— which cleared the bases and
made the score ? — 6 in favor of Frisco.
This was the Inning when Mr. Jones went
asunder, four hits being secured off his
delivery.
Fitzpatrick. who twirled for Hank's
team, was not such a strorp one yester
day. Ten hits was what the Dudes did
v.ith the t-tick, and two of them were
homers, or.c by diminutive Manirerlr.a, the
ether by Frsncks.
OAKLAND.
Jones' support was not what it might
have bpf-n. and this served to make the
iraine noisy ar.d exritinrr. Twice the score
wa» tied. A roup'.e of double plays en
livened the fielding work. Schwartz's
work at second was noticeablv cood. The
ecore:
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
J>rer.!:an. c. f 4 110 10 0
Larjre. 3 b 4 0 10 0 2 1
Hutchinson. lb 4 1 1 1 s 0 0
Kranck«, ». e 3 2 2 0 4 0 0
24o*k!rr.an, J. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
Arrc'.iases. 2 h 4 1 S 1 0 3 2
Held. r. 1 3 0 0*200
ilarg-erira, c ? 1 1 0 C 0 0
Jenes, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
TotfiJs Zi C 10 2 14 7 3
SAX FRANCISCO.*
Totals 37 8 14 2 -7 22 2
RUXS AND HITS DT IXX1XGS.
Oakland 1 0 12 0 10 1 0—6
Eat* hit* 2 1 1 1 0 t 0 2 0—10
Ean Francisco 1 0012003*— 9
But hits 1 10 2 3:i4 •— 1*
. SUMMARY.
Russ resjio/' 1^1 tor—. Jones 3, Fitzpatrick 4.
AD. n. BH. SB PO A K
Crockhoft. c. f S 1 2 0 1 ' 0 "6
Hlldebrand, r. *.... 4 1 1 1 0 0 0
Schwartz. J b 5 2 4 12 5 0
Pu'.Mran. c 3 10 0 3 5 0
r«b*t, 1 b 5 1 2 0 IS 0 1
Knell, 1. i 4 0 10 2 0 0
Kxujr. b. B 4 12 0 2 3 0
Jteilly. 3 b 4 12 0 2(6
Fitrpatrick. p S 1 0 0 0 3 1
Seventh Successive Victory for the
Local Team Places It Within
Betting' Distance of the
Champions.
Close and Exciting Match Is
Witnessed at Recrea
tion Park.
SEE-SAW GAME
WHICH GOES TO
HANK BY A RUN
At the great Faslg-Tipton sale, to bo
held in New York during the latter part
of August, the Spreckels stock farm of
Napa will offer twenty-eight head of tho
grandest bred yearlings that ever left this
State. In. past years the product of this
farm has been offered at auction in the
local market, but this season A. B.
Spreckels concluded to compete with the
breeders en the other side of the Rockies.
In all, twenty-eight head will be shipped—
the get of imp. Ormonde, St. Carlo, tho
sire of the great Ruinart; imp. Crichton,
sire of Canace and other fast ones; Rav
elston, the wonderfully fast but unfor
tunate son of Flambeau; Eolo and tho
richly bred .English horse The Judge.
Of course the aristocratically bred
young miss by imp. Ormonde from imp.
Atossa, carrying in her veir.s four
crosses of the great Stockwell, will be tho
star of the sale. Alreudy a private bid or
J300O has been refused for the iilly, Mr.
Spreckels Insisting that she take chances
with the balance of the consignment.
Of the others it is hard to make a pick.
All have been broken but not tried, and
even now these embryo racers look ready
to answer the bugle call sounding post
time. There is a bay filly by Eolo-Annia
Race that will stand a lot of inspection.
Another rare looking filly by The Judge-
Llsta Hock catches the fancy of tho
critical. Perhaps the chestnut colt by
St. Carlo, claiming old Geraldino as his
'"mammv," will evoke some lively bid
ding. This sprightly fellow is the first
and last foal of California's favorite
sprinter, and now seems endowed with
tne speed of his maternal parent.
"With the back of a quarter horse, the
quarters of a Racine and legs that look
capable of standing all sorts of wear and
tear, a handsome cay filly by Ravelston-
Lady Cleveland, dam of Catalus. looks all
over a winner. She has driving power
behind like a stern-wheeler and the ranch
hands predict big. things for the young
ster. A black colt by General Miles-
Tragic looks good, and a finely furnishfil
bay colt by General Miles trom .Nellie
Bell, dam of Canace, will assuredly bring
a swell price, if looks and actions counc
for anything. The royally bred Marcello
is represented for the first time at public
sale by a statuesquely turned colt by
Eolo, racy looking enough to suit the most
fastidious buyer. Cut down in the zenith,
of her career, Alma Dale has a bay
daughter by St. Carlo that looks all over
a stake winner. Of the others that will
be led into the sales ring nothtng but
praise can be said, and looks will speak
louder than any words that can now bo
wasted on them.
The youngsters will be Bhlpped from
Napa stock farm on August V> under tho
supervision of Tom Cook, the elongated
trainer, who once dared to claim one of
Corrigan's horses, and has since been oa
the -waiting list.
One of the very pleasant features of tho
Napa fair race meeting was the work
performed In the starter's box by
"Farmer" Berry. His skill with the elas
tic starting machine caused the native*
to open their eyes, and the "Farmer" will
undoubtedly poll a big vote next election
for whichever office he chooses to run for.
Zick Abrams spent a very pleasant week
at Napa. but laid away very little coin.
As about fourteen out of eighteen favor
ites won, Henry Nathan did nothing but
deal out winning pasteboards.
From all accounts, the California book
making contingent are faring badly in the
East. Joe llarlan recently wrote out for
more coin, and the fate* are treating
Johnny Coleman and George Rose none
t °At kl th d e > Napa fair imp. Crichton took
first prize in the thoroughbred stallion
class, while Libertine took second honors.
For the first prize in the thoroughbred
family clas3. Straight Tip. with two colts
by Puryear D, was awarded the blue rib
bon. A. B. Spreckela carried off first prizo
for the finest road team, the handsome
chestnuts being handled to perfection by
the noted local whip Grove Ayers.
Louis Sisenvine of the Palace Hotel is
spending a few weeks at Bartlett Springs.
An Imp. Ormonde-Imp. Atossa FU17
the Star of the Consignment.
Gossip of the
Fair3. . .
Product of A. B. Spreckels'
Big Napa Breeding
Establishment.
SUPERBLY BRED
YEARLINGS FOR
EASTERN MARKET
DOLPHINS DISPORT FOR THE
PLEASURE OF THE FAIR SEX
Horn* runs— Mftngerina, Francks. Two-base
hits — DrennaTi. Lanfre, Knell, Pabst, Arrel
lanes, Brookhoff. Sacrifice hits— Hlldebrand,
Fullivan. First base on errore— Oakland L San
Francisco 2. First base on called balls—Oak
land 3, San Francisco 1. Left on baeeg—Oak
land 4 San Francisco 8. Struck out — By Jones
I by Fltzpatrick 2. Double plays— Sullivan to
Schwartz to nellly to Knell; Arrellanes to
Francks to Jone« to Francks. Time of game-
One hour and f.O minutes. Umpire— Donohue.
Official scorer— II. S. McFarlln.
Champions Beat Stockton.
SACRAMENTO. July 15.— Sacramento
won from Stockton to-day. The game
was the best seen here this season, and
grand-stand plays cropped up in every
inning. The fine work of Courtney at sec
ond caught the fancy of the crowd and he
was liberally applauded. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
MrLfluphlin, 1. f.... 4 2 2 2 10 1
Pevereaux, 3 b 4 2 2 3 13 0
Hapan. p. p 4 12 2 13 0
Hughes, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
HanL.n. 1 b 4 0 0 0 13 O 1
Stanley, c 4 0 o o 6 l 0
Doyle, r. f 2 o l 1 0 o 0
S.hanahan. e. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Stulz. 2 b 2 10 0 3 4 0
Totals 30 6 7 S 27 13 2
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f 4 0X1100
McGucken c. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
V«j,r-e e 3 0 116 10
Sirelb. 1 b 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Babbitt, s. • 110 0 18 1
M<x>re 3 b 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Courtney. 2 b 3 12 3 4 4 0
Morrow, r. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Wbaleal p 3 _0 _0 _0 _0 _3 _0 |
Totals 30 2 4 E '¦. 24 14 1
JUWS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
?armmer.t<> 2 0 0 0 0 4 0 0 •— «
Base hits - 0 0 0 0 4 0 1 *— 7
Stockton *> 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0—2
Base hits * 00120001—4
Runs responsible for— Hughes 1. Whalen 5.
Two-base hits— Devereaux. Courtney. Sacrifice
hit— Moore First ».a?e on errors — Sacramento
J Stockton 2 First tia.v on called balls — Sac
ramento 3. Ktrvkton B. Loft on bases—Sacra
mento 2. Stockton B. struck nut-By Hughes 5.
by Whalen 3. Double plays— Eagran to Hanlon;
V/halen to Courtney to Streib: Stulz to Han
lon. Wild pitches— Whalen 1. Hughes 1. Time
of Kair.f— One hour and 33 minutes. Umpire—
O'ConnelL Scorer— G. A. Griffin.
TIE FOB SECOND PLACE
Philadelphia and Chicago Even in
the Race for the Pennant.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Huh?— W.IfcPctJ Clubs— W". L. Tct.
Brooklyn ....« 21 .«« Cincinnati ..r> 36 .492
Philadelphia S7 52 .E3I St. Louis 31 36 .463
Chicago 37 32 .53S I1o»ton 21 37 .439
Pittsburg ...3S 33 .tSo New York... 23 42 .344
CINCINNATI. July 15.— Hahn only exerted
himself to-day when there were men on bases.
Powell lasted but two innings. Hughey did
well until the seventh. Attfndance, 6600. Score:
Clubs- R- »• E.
Pincinnatl y 10 2
St. Louis 0 9 3
TJatterles— Hahn and Teltz; Powell, Hughey
and Robinson. Umpire— Terry.
CHICAGO. July IS. — A romhlnatlin of errors.
Kifts and base strallnp save ecch side two runs
without a hit In the opening: innm*. Chicapo
bur.cV.fil hits In the third nr.rt fourth, while
Taylor was a puzzlo except In the seventh.
Ritchie turned «n ankle and was forced to
retire in the fifth. Attendance, MOO. Score:
Clubs- R- »• E.
Chlrapo 5 S 2
Pittsburg * < 4
Ratter! es — Taylor and Donahue; Leever and
rrConnell. Umpire— O'Day.
American League Games.
DETROIT. July IS. — Detroit 6. Cleveland 1.
Bl"F"F*ALO. July IS.— Buffalo 6. Minneapolis
; Rain in the ninth inning*.
MILWAUKEE. July 15.— Milwaukee 8, In
5ianai>o!is 2.
up 65 runs for a loss of four wickets, D.
Jamieson making: 30 not out and Casidy
9 not out. The full details are given be
low:
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings —
A. Dickenson, c. "Wilding, b. Casidy 2
E. G. Sloman, st. Myers, b. Coles 5
J. Guild, b. Coles 14
W. Reeves, b. Hill 2
C. Roberts, run out 2
A. Willis, b. Hill i... 0
W, Reed, b Coles l
J. Brown, not out 5 |
B. Bromfleld, c. Wilding, b. Hill 0>
T. Smith, b. Coles o!
J. Turner, st. Myers, b. Coles 0 I
Extras 4 j
Total 33
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 3. two !
for 23. three for 25. four for 2S. five for 2!*. six
for 30, seven for 34, eight for 34. nine for 3G,
ten for 35.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— b. R. M. W.
Casidy 30 14 1 1
Coles <8 14 1 5
Hill 13 3 • 3
•Hill bowled 1 wide.
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
First inn'r.gs—
W. Henderson, b. Sloman 5
TV. Jamieson, c. Dickenson. b. Sloman 8
B. Theobald, c. Willis, b. Sloman f>
\\. G. Selwood, c. Reeves, b. Sloman 0
A. B. Wlllia, b. Dickenson 0
J. Myers, b. Dickenscn 9;
C. P. Cole*, hit wicket, b. Sloman 0 I
H. C. Casidy. b. Sloman 0,
D. Jiimiescn, st. Willis, b. Sloman 6 i
A. W. Wilding, not out 1
C. B. Hill. c. Sloman. b. Dickenson 1 !
Extras 6 ;
Total 35 i
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 11, two ¦
for 13, three for 13. four for 14. five for 20. six
for 20, seven for 20, eight for 26, nine for 27, !
ten for 36. *
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W. J
Sloman 90 18 7 T I
Dickenson S7 12 6 3 ¦
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
Second Innings
need, b. Caslriy <>
Guild, c. Theobald, b. Willis 19
Reeves, c. Coles, b. Casidy 4 i
ItobcrtH, b. Casidy 0 !
Sloman. c. Selwood, b. Coles 0!
Dickenson. c. Theobald, b. Casidy 14 j
A. S. Willis, c Myers, h. Willis 7 j
Brown, b. Casidy 0 '
Smith, c. and b. Casidy II
I Turner, b. Casidy 0 :
Rromridd, not out ft ;
Kxtras 10 j
Total 55
Runs at fall of each wicket — One for 0. two
for 12. three for 12. four for 31, five for 51. six
for 49, neven for 49, eight for 43, nine for 53,
ten for 55.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
Caaldy 54 24 1 7
Coles 36 14 2 1
WHHa 15 7 • 2 i
•Coles bowled 1 wide and 1 no ball. ;
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB. j
Second innlngn — 1
Myers, c. Bromfield. b. Guild 7 j
Coles, c. Willis, b. Guild lj
Selwood. b. Sloman 7 1
Henderson, b. Guild 1 !
t>. Jamieson, not out • ...3i>
Casidy. not out 9 j
Hill, did not bat — I
Wilding, did not bat —
WilliH. did not bat — '
W. Jamieson. did not bat —
B. Theobald, did not bat —
Total 53
Runs at fall of each wicket — One for 8. two i
for 15, three for IS. four for 23.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. "W. I
Sloman 54 23 2 1 I
Guild 54 29 1 3
THE SAN FBAyCISCQ CALL, MONDAY, JULY- 1,6, 1900.
6
D
b.'.'.'.'.'. 4
4
2
«
1
i
4
3
•
4
l
1
fi
*iii
4
14
Rr
-ff. e. f.
I
. & it. *
JLI -¦
4
... 4
4
Bo]
Kr
3-:.
kr
s
2
1
4
I
S
Fi:
in
To-
E
z
15
B
XXI
Oa!
2
- 4
*1
: 2
Bu
•
2 4
• —
(Starting IFtnish'e Elapsed
TACHT. Time. 1 Time. Time.
H. M. S. H. M. S. H. M. S.
1 '. I I
Clasn I—
•Harpoon ll:<0:0O 1:18:43 1:38:43
Mischief 11:10:00 1:21:11 1:41:11
Class II—
Emma 11:32:00 1:24:50 1:52:50
Quepn 11:32:00 ••
Edna 11:22:00 1:24:45 1:62:25
Class III— (
Aeolus I 11:26:00 1:23:S2 1:57:32
AmiKo 11:26:00 1:42:17 2:1«:17
Mfgnon 11:26:0) 1:37:20 2:11:20
Presto 11:26:00 1:16:40 60:43
Special Class-
Nereid 11:26:00 2:2S:35 3:02:35
Class V—
Phoenicia 11:18:00 ••
Cupid 11:18:00 l:3?:50 2:1S:SO
May 11:15:00 1:42:57 2:24:57
Class VI—
KHtiwake 11:14:00 2:46:18 8:32:18
Dort» 11:14:00 2:3S:47 5:24:47
3< >^ EvmtNo. 3. Q<
£ S £ 3 Delicacy. ? 3
S ? o ,o V e « P p
NAME. -• ?„ % g -S3. 35
• ** S* "5 -"S -5 *«
Battu 93 SO 89 SO 84.6 73 4-5
Huyck 103.6 S3.S 92.4 73.4 82.10
Halght &O 91 87.S 7S.4 83
rounsr in 32.4 91.8 79.2 So. 5
L,ovett 123.6 90.4 90.4 75 83.8 58 5-C
itoos 74 71.4 50 60.S
Brotherton 121 87. R 91.8 7S.4 So 87 1-5
3olch«r 125 91 91 73.10 S3. 5
Everett 108 92 90 75.10 S2.ll
FJrooka 106 79. S S3 67.6 75.3 66
Stratton 89 82. 8 88 79.2 82.7 73
Mansfield 95 89.8 S4.2 S6.ll 85 1-5
(Starting IFtnish'e Elapsed
TACHT. Time. 1 Time. Time.
H. M. S. H. M. S. H. M. S.
1 '. I I
Clasn I—
•Harpoon ll:<0:0O 1:18:43 1:38:43
Mischief 11:10:00 1:21:11 1:41:11
Class II—
Emma 11:32:00 1:24:50 1:52:50
Quepn 11:32:00 ••
Edna 11:22:00 1:24:45 1:62:25
Class III— (
Aeolus I 11:26:00 1:23:S2 1:57:32
AmiKo 11:26:00 1:42:17 2:1«:17
Mfgnon 11:26:0) 1:37:20 2:11:20
Presto 11:26:00 1:16:40 60:43
Special Class-
Nereid 11:26:00 2:2S:35 3:02:35
Class V—
Phoenicia 11:18:00 ••
Cupid 11:18:00 l:3?:50 2:1S:SO
May 11:15:00 1:42:57 2:24:57
Class VI—
KHtiwake 11:14:00 2:46:18 8:32:18
Dort» 11:14:00 2:3S:47 5:24:47
3< >^ EvmtNo. 3. Q<
£ S £ 3 Delicacy. ? 3
S ? o ,o V e « P p
NAME. -• ?„ % g -S3. 35
• ** S* "5 -"S -5 *«
Battu 93 SO 89 SO 84.6 73 4-5
Huyck 103.6 S3.S 92.4 73.4 82.10
Halght &O 91 87.S 7S.4 83
rounsr in 32.4 91.8 79.2 So. 5
L,ovett 123.6 90.4 90.4 75 83.8 58 5-C
itoos 74 71.4 50 60.S
Brotherton 121 87. R 91.8 7S.4 So 87 1-5
3olch«r 125 91 91 73.10 S3. 5
Everett 108 92 90 75.10 S2.ll
FJrooka 106 79. S S3 67.6 75.3 66
Stratton 89 82. 8 88 79.2 82.7 73
Mansfield 95 89.8 S4.2 S6.ll 85 1-5
D
b.'.'.'.'.'. 4
4
2
«
1
i
4
3
•
4
l
1
fi
*iii
4
14
Rr
-ff. e. f.
I
. & it. *
JLI -¦
4
... 4
4
Bo]
Kr
3-:.
kr
s
2
1
4
I
S
Fi:
in
To-
E
z
15
B
XXI
Oa!
2
- 4
*1
: 2
Bu
•
2 4
• —
"While I was abroad I witnessed a duel
in France.
"Anybody hurt?"
"Yes, one of the principals had a rib
broken embracing the other after the
combat waa over."— Philadelphia North.
American.
Opening "Walkover Shoe Store, Baldwin
Annex, to-day. Good music, good shoes
good treatment. i'David Oliver Jr., the very efficient clerk
of Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of
the World, a man who has the remark
able faculty of being able to call each
one of the 1170 members of the camp by
name when he sees them, will be a can
didate before the approaching session of
the, head camp for the position of head
clerk. He has all the qualification for
making a head clerk.
Last Tuesday night the officers jf West
ern Addition Camp were installed for the
current term. •
"Woodmen of the World-
Contra Costa Water Company Will Not Allow an
Investigation — Engineers Must Be Employed
to Estimate the Value of the Plant.
REFUSES CITY PERMISSION
TO EXAMINE STOCK LEDGER
A. new court will be Instituted In the
northern part of the State within ths next
two weeks.
Grand Chief Ranger Asher. Grand Sab-
Chief Ranger Heenan. Grand Secretary
Cordy and Jacob Lab«l. G. ,I>. and U. M..
paid a visit to Court Madrone in Redwood
City last night.
The executive council met last Friday
night and received a vl3lt from the grand
marshal of the 9th of September celebra
tion and members of the parade and con
ference committees. There was a talk
on the subject of the order taking part
In the parade.
On the night of the 11th inst. Court Ho
bart No. 172, which was organized by Or
ganizer S. Eachrach at Overton, Nevada
County, was instituted with thirty-four
charter members by Grand Chief Ranger
Hugo K. Asher. assisted by Jacob Label,
G. D. and O. M. The new court owns Its
own hall and gives promise of becoming
a very active one. After the work of In
stallation a collation was served.
Foresters of America.
Military Shooting Range.
LIVERMORE, July 13.— Company I,
Fifth Regiment, X. G. C, has leased land
at the eastern end of town for a shoot
ing park. A 200-yard and a 500-yard range
will be built. The annual State shoot vnll
be held within two weeks.
A very pleasant gathering took place In
the council chamber of Pocahontas Coun
cil No. 3 last Monday. The members of
Yosemlte Council No. 19 visited in a body
to witness the adoption of several pale
face?. Addresses were made by F. D.
Brandon. G. S. S.: Mrs. Mina Rew. Great
Mlnnehaha. and others. After the cere
mony of adoption refreshments were
served in the banquet hall.
Last Monday evening the chiefs of
Cherokee Tribe No. 101 were raised up in
public in the amplified form. The follow
ing named acted as installing chiefs:
George N. Farrln, G. 9.; Herman Gut
stadt, G. S. S.; Emile Lastreto, G. J. S.;
Thomas Roche, G. P.: Porter L. Bliss.
G. C. of B.; W. M. Keegan. G. K. of W.;
A. Hausman, Great Sannap; Henry A.
Chase, Great Mishinewa. Refreshments
were served after the raising up. followed
by dancing. The affair was under the
management of George X. Farrin, D. D.-
G. S.
Great Chief of Records Porter L. Bliss
and the great senior sagamore were in line
with the members of Carquinez Tribe of
Crockett in the Fourth of July procession.
About forty members of that tribe turned
out as full fledged Indians on the war
path. Arthur W. Jones, as prophet, head
ed the outfit, which was mounted on all
kinds of ponies. J. J. Davis had an Indian
idea of a baby carriage in which rode
two papooses, while alongside trudged a
member of the tribe disguised as the
mother of the little brown kids.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the Degree of
Honor gave Its first entertainment la
Pythian Castle on last Wednesday night.
A3 to point of attendance and entertain
ing programme the affair was a great
success. Tbe programme Included: Musical
selections, the Mls3es Klevesahl and Alex
ander: recitation, Frank Noble; song,
¦•Baby" Schluter: gramaphone selections.
N. Falck; address on the I>egree of
Honor by Mrs. Stewart. P. S. C. of E;
piano selections. Miss Nickols; old Enz-
Ush recitation. Miss Carrie Stern: patriotia
song and dance, Mis-s Richards; vocal solo.
M. Ogilvie; pie-eating contest by a num
ber of pie-eaters; Spanish dance, Adel and
"Baby" Schluter. and cakewalk by Edwin
and "Baby" Schluter. Mrs. Walter Mol
loy presided at the piano and Edward Le«
Sr. of Yerba Buena Lodge was the mas
ter of ceremonies. After the programme
there was dancing: and refreshments. It
Is not often that a jollier crowd of people
ever met in a lodgeroora as the guests of
a subordinate of this order.
Degree of Honor.
yirst Convention to Meet in It Will
Be the Coac-t Chautauqua
Assembly.
Er*<!*-1 DlFpatrh to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 15.— One of the j
largest audiences cvor jrathertd in Pacific
Grove was present this mcrnir.g when the
new assembly haJl was formally opened,
ai:d the exercise?, which were appropriate
to the sacred ness of the day, were marked
ty unuEuai enthusiasm.
Lone before the appointed hour for the
opening ceremonies people began to
puther and by U o'clock every seat was
The exercises be^an with an crgran pre
lude played by Mrs. R. H. Willey of this
place and conFist»*d of the usual Sabbath
znorclag service? cf the Methodist church,
c'.ght cierryraer: taking part, therein. Rev.
Dr. V>~. W. Cape, presiding elder of the
£an Francisco district, preached the oper.
lr.g sorrscn, taking "The Lord's House"
as his theme. Rev. Dr. W. C. Gray, pas
tor of the Stetbo6tst Episcopal church in
this place.. Hev. Dr. W. S. Urmy of San
Frur.cifco. P.ev. A. H. Needham of Saiin
«. Rev. Wesley Dennett. Rev. Dr. J. D.
liamrnond of San Francisco. Rev. George
Clifford of WatsonvJlle and Rev. Dr. F.
V. Bovard of £anta Rosa also performed
jiarts in the morning exercises. Elaborate
choral arid solo music was rendered dur
ir.R the services.
2>,e new hall is in reality a rearrange
r.f- t of the eld assembly hall, but it is
eo materially altered that absolutely
nothing cf the eld except the outside shell.
as it wer<\ remains. The two Fide chapels
have been thrown Into the main audi
torium and the sal'.erics have been ex
tend*^ alonsr the sid^s. ail the partitions
being replaced by a series cf piilars that
have been arranged with great artistic
effect. Between the piilars rolling par
titions can be hung which when closed
•will sb'Jt «jff ihr«^e-fourths of the floor
epace. thus making a comfortable little
hall for the small featherings. The main
auditorium when fully op«n has a seating
capacity of slightly under 2000.
Ttie echexae cf decoration is simple but
handsome. Green er.d deep cream are
tbe prevailing colors, windows, carpet
and hangings harmonizing in the general
plaii. and the f-nsemble is exceptionally
pleasing to the eye.
The first convention that will occupy
the r.'-'w hall is th» Pacific Coast Chatau
qua Assembly, which opens to-morrow.
NEW AUDITORIUM AT
PACIFIC GROVE OPENED
BERKELEY, July l;.— Under the name
of "The Academy of Lost Arts" a school
has been founded in Berkeley for the uni
versity co-eds. The academy will not at
tempt to teach the college girls the way
to make Tyrlan purple or the method of
manufacturing old Damascus blades, but
it ia to instruct them in the domestic arts,
lost arts to many of the young ladles of
the university.
Through the generosity of Mrs. Phebe
A. Hearst the school has come into exist
ence. A house has been secured at 2633
Haste street, where a class in the art of
sewing will be started when college opens.
The number of young lady students in this
new course has been limited to twenty and
already the class is fuil. As yet the plans
are In an experimental stage, but if all
goes well next term will see a cooking
class added to the school.
The sewing class is not only for the pur-
Academy to Be Founded Where Stu
dents Will Be Given Courses in
Sewing and Cooking Ex
clusively.
University Young Women
- Are to Be Trained in
Domestic Work.
TO TEACH THE
CO-EDS SOME OF
THE LOST ARTS
YEAR-OLD BABY DRINKS
AMMONIA AND LIVES
OAKLAND, July 15.— The year
old son of Mr. and Mrs. Dell
Snow of Newark drank deep
ly from a bottle of ammonia
yesterday and nearly died
before a physician could be sum
moned. The Infant will live, much
to' the amazement of those who
were Interested in the episode. The
baby unaccountably got hold of
the bottle and before the mother
could seize the vial had swallowed
a considerable quantity of the
fluid. At first thought Mrs. Snow
believed the baby had taken car
bolic acid. Dr. Emerson, 'who at
tended the child, has his patient
out of danger.
The school has proved a success from
the start and even larger classes are ex
pected this term than last.
It is proposed to extend the scope of
the work during the term and to acquire
greater facilities to aid in teaching young
girls the art of housekeeping 1 . Among the
branches to be taught are cookery, in
valid cookery and waiting and laundry
courses. Each of these courses will be
allowed regular periods and as occasion
demands other household duties will be
demonstrated.
OAKLAND. July 15.— The fall term of
the school of domestic science conducted
under the direction of the ladies of the
Oakland Club will commence on August
15. The school will be conducted as in
the past at the thoroughly equipped quar
ters of the club at Fifth and Peralta
streets. Those who desire to take the fall
course may communicate with the secre
tary. Mrs. C. D. Olney. at 1119 Jefferson
street.
pose of teaching the young ladles, vastly
learned In ancient lore, the use of the nee
dle, but Is to give assistance to those who
may wish it. Twenty cents an hour will
be paid for plain sewing, but as the skill
of the worker Increases the amount of pay
will Increase. Samples of all kinds of la
dies* and children's garments have been
made in New York, and it is from these
that the college women will work. The
institution will probably be self-support
ing when once fully started, as orders for
making clothing will be taken.
Miss Nellie Clough, an expert seam
stress, has been secured to instruct the
class, which will be open at all hours of
the day. Visitors will be allowed In the
rooms to Inspect the sewing, but no one
will be admitted to the class while the
girls are at work. Miss A. M. Hicks will
superintend the school.
m
SCHOOL OF DOMESTIC
SCIENCE TO RESUME
The third and most common defect is
astigmatism. In this condition there Is
f-ome Irregularity of th» surface of the
ey P or of the lens, by means of which the
lmas:^ ss it reaches the retina Is distorted.
1'ntreated- astigmatism Is a frequent
cause of headache and other nervous
disturbances. The only relief is the wear-
Ing of glasses, at least while reading,
writing 1 or whenever near objects are
looked at.
Ir. this case the eye often corrects the
defect more cr less successfully by mak
ing the crystalling' lens more convex, but
It does this at the expense of the suffer
er's nervous force, and so we often find
tired and congested eyes, headaches, in
digestion and even ceriou3 nervous affec
tions. The effort to correct the vision Is
entirely Involuntary, and can be over
come orAy by the fitting of suitable or
convex glasses.
A less common defect Is long or far
sightedness, or hypermetropia. This is
the opposite of myepia, the eyeball being
flattened or shortened, and the rays of
light consequently not coming to a focus
by the time they reach the retina.
Many near-sighted people refuse to wear
glasses, preferring to deprive themselve-s
of sight for e-ve-rything' beyond the nose
rather than to injure their personal ap
peanfnee. as they think. This is another
short-sighted policy, for. besides losing
much of the Joy cf existence, which comes
frcm seeing the be-autiful things about
and above us. such persons are very liable
to suffer from Inflammation of the eyes,
produced by constant strain.
This condition may exist from birth, but
Is usually the result of too murh and too
early use of the eyes, as In the case of
Ftudents. engravers, women who do fine
Bewinr, etc. Thus we may say that put
ting children to work at some of the kin
dergarten exercises, such as perforating
and drawing, is in a double sense a short
sighted proceeding.
Near-sightedness, short-sightedness, or
myopia, as it Is variously called, i3 a con
dition of the eyeball— usually a length
ening—in consequence of which the rays
of light are brought to a focus In front of
the retina, and so the object Is blurred.
The three defects of eyesight which are
most commonly encountered in otherwise
healthy persons, and which can be more
or less perfectly overcome by means of
glasses, are near-sightedness, far-sight
edness and astigmatism. These are all
Important, for. besides thp discomfort and
annoyance of imperfect sight, the involun
tary efforts which the sufferer makes to
see better strain the eyes, and not only
injure them, but also give rise, through
reflex action, to headaches and various
nervous disturbances.
Many Persons Refuse to Wear Glasses
For the Sake of Their Looks.
COMMON DETECTS OF EYESIGHT.
OAKLAND. July 15.— Mrs. Hannah P.
Evans mother of Miss J. C. Evans and
Mrs. Virginia E. Smith, teachers In the
San Francisco School Department, died
to-day at the residence of Mrs. W. J.
Shannon, 523 Knox Place, where ehe had
been spending the summer. Mrs. Evans
was S2 years old ar.d a native of New
Jersey. The funeral will be held Tuesday
morning at 11:30 o'clock at the chapel
in Odd Fellows' Crematory, San Fran
cisco.
Death of Mrs, H. P. Evans.
The latest report from the Orphans'
Homo at Gllrny, conducted under the
board of lady directors appointed by the
California Assembly of Rebekahs. is that
it is progressing in a very satisfactory
manner. At the close of the recent school
term in Gilroy the following named pupils
from the heme received honorary promo
tion: Rachel Newport. Willo Newport,
Grace Kablshaw. Florence Miller, James
Carrard. Don Richardson. George Carrard.
Harry Ralph. Raymond Dott and John
Murphy. The trustees have secured for
the home a kindergartner, who will teach
these little ones who are too young to at
tend public school, and will also teach the
girls sewing.
Orphans' Home, I. O. O. F. >¦
Among those present were the American
Embassador, First Secretary of Italian
Embassy Cav. G. Polacci, Signorina Cas
telli, Slgnorlna Barbavara dl Gravellona,
Mr. and Mrs. William de Leftwich Dodge
of Paris. Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young of
San Francisco and Mrs. T. E. Roessle of
Washington. D. C. sister of the bride.
At the civic marriage ceremony the wit
nesses were United States Embassador
Porter and Nathan Seely of New York
for the bride, and Cav, J. D. Surzara-
Verdl of Washington. D. C. and Dr. Bar
bavara dl Gravellona of Paris for the
groom.
The Baroness Castelli is the daughter of
Pet«r Taylor, who, though now residing in
New York, was a member of the first lum
ber firm established in California. Mr.
Taylor was the senior partner of the firm
of Taylor & Adams, and amassed a for
tune in his business. Several years ago he
went with his family to take up his resi
dence in New York.
The daughter of one of California's pio
neer families became a member of the
noble Italian house of Castelll on June 7,
when Miss Alice Taylor became the bride
of Dr. Baron Enrico Castelll of Menagglo,
Italy. The wedding took place in Paris
and was a notable affair, the guests num
bering many persons of prominence and
high rank in diplomatic circles.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1115 Broadway, July 15.
Miss Alice Taylor Becomes
Bride of an Italian
Nobleman.
DAUGHTER OF
GOLDEN STATE
WEDS A BARON
Meantime the Territory had drifted Into
a state of anarchy and desultory war
fare. One may feel surprised that, con
sidering the inflammable state of affairs,
violence and t>loo<Ish»<] were so long
avoided, but the year 1S36 was memorable
for the great suffering endured by the
people of Kansa?. The two governments
and their supporters were mutually re
sisting and disobeying each other. As
sassination, murder and Incendiarism on
the part of the "border ruffians" were an
swered by similar deeds by the free-soll
ers. It is not necessary to say to which
party belongs the greater guilt. The most
violent passions were aroused and acts of
cruelty and barbarism on one side or the
other wera of frwjuent occurrence. The
insecurity of life and property spread ter-
Civil War in Kansas.
The Topeka Constitution.
Under such a government there was no
place for the Northern immigrants with
anti-slavery sentiments, and the free
state men took immediate steps to have
Kansas admitted as a State, without
waiting for an enabling act of Congress.
Such lack of formality was not unpre
cedented. California had come in thus,
and «o had otner Territories. A constitu
tional convention, attended only by the
iree-State settlers, met at Topeka in Oc
tober 1S53. and formulated a State con
stitution which prohibited slavery. This,
having been submitted to popular vote,
was adopted by the free-State party, the
pro-slavery party Ignoring the whole pro
ceeding. A Legislature, a full set ot State
officers and a representative to Consress
were also elected, and Kansas applied to
Congress for admission. A uill admitting
the new State, with the Topeka constitu
tion passed the House of Representatives,
but was rejected by the Senate. From the
territorial government which President
Pierce was determined to maintain
Kansas free-State settlers could expect
only persecution: a government they murt
have, and what better could they do than
to stand by that which they had estab
lished, even though it was refused Federal
sanction by the partisan administration
at Washington? So the State Legislature
met in July. 1S36. only to be dispersed by
Federal soldiers, acting under orders
from Washington.- President Pierce had
pledged "the internosition of the whole
power of the general government as well
to maintain the laws of the Territory as
tnose of the Union."
After repeated failures to put the Free
State government into the last
effort in January. 1S3T. having been
brought to naught by the arrest of the
members of the Legislature- by Federal
officers — the Toneka constitution was
finally abandoned.
Kansas then was to be slave or free, as
"popular sovereignty" should determine.
Pro-«lavery Immigrants were first in the
field and were able to elect the first dele
gate to Congress in 1S54. The first Federal
Governor, Keeder. a pro-slavery Demo
crat arrived soon after and ordered an
election for a Legislature. This took place
in March, 1£55. The census taken the
month before reported nearly 3000 legal
voters in the Territory, but the election
returns showed 54C7 votes cast for the pro
slavery candidates and 791 for others.
Large bands of men crossed the Missouri
line on elcetlon day, voted and returned
to Missouri by night. The free-State Im
migrants, who had been coming in larger
and larger bands for actual settlement
since the summer of 1S54. naturally de
clined to recognize a legislative body so
chosen. But the forces of slavery, sup
ported by the Federal administration at
Washington, held their advantage and
persisted in casting the color of lawless
ness upon every act of the free-soil set
tlers, whom they constantly charged with
resistance to "the constituted authorities"
of the Territory.
The Legislature took extreme pro-slavery
measures, adopting all Missouri's slave
laws and adding some fifty statutes, im
posing the death penalty for offenses
against slavery and requiring every of
ficer, candidate, judge and voter (if chal
lenged) to take oath to support the fugi
tive slave law.
The First Territorial Government.
To the North, on the other hand, a great
moral question was at stake. Slavery wa3
a sin, a moral cancer sapping the nation's
life. To check its further spread was the
first duty of every man who loved his
country and believed in the law of right
eousness. By the Missouri compromise
the nation had been committed to a re
strictive policy. The Kansas-Nebraska
act, which repealed that compromise, had
violated the nation's pledge and handed
over to slavery soil made sacred to free
dom. Nothing could be hoped from pro
slavery politicians. Double-dealing, trick
ery arid falsehood had characterized their
course. The time had now come when
every possible effort must be made to ren
der effective the moral earnestness, the
self-sacrificing love of freedom and of
country which had swept through the
North like a prairie fire at this latea vio
lation of political good faith.
Compromise was no longer possible, the
nation s death struggle was at hand and
for it the Kansas dispute cleared the way
and marshaled the opposing forces.
fare. Kansas lest meant the perpetuation
of Southern industrial inferiority, loss ol
numerical superiority In the Senate and
the unendurable political supremacy of th«
overbearing Yankee.
Democratic action had precipitated the
contest between freedom and slavery in
Kansas, and for years the hand-to-hand
contest with ballots or with rifles upon the
Western prairies was matched by the
forensic battle in the legislative halls at
Washington. One-sided as the question
may seem to Northern view, it cannot be
denied that there was a real and earnest
conviction upon the side of slavery also.
The Southerners felt with growing bitter
ness that the North was constantly tak
ing unfair advantages. They saw them
selves shut out from the steady march of
prosperity by which the Northern States
were growing rich and strong. They saw
State after State admitted to the Union
with constitutions forbidding slavery after
Texas, the last slave State, had come in.
A generation had grown up honestly be
lieving that the system of slavery pos
sessed all moral and constitutional sanc
tions, and that the Northern opposition
was unjust, illegal, bigoted and utterly in
tolerable. They understood that by the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act Kan
sas had been legally dedicated to slavery,
and that the fanatical anti-slavery immi
grants and their supporters were plotting
to wrest from the South by fraud and
guile that which was rightly hers. Almost
any means of frustrating this nefarious
scheme seemed Justifiable in the extreme
danger which threatened Southern wel-
The Opposing Views.
Archbishop Chapelle has taken no un
certain stand on the question of the friars
which the Filipino people resard as the
keynote of all their troubles. The Arch
bishop has expressed his opinions freely
to many officers and civilians with whom
he has talked, although he declines to
give any formal Interviews for publica
tion. His conclusions summarized are
these: That the Filipinos owe to the
monastic brotherhoods all the education
and civilization they possess. That It
would be a great injustice to the friars to
expel them from the field wherein they
have worked for centuries, or to deprive
them of the estates which they have ac
quired honestly and have administered for
the public good. That it would be im
possible to replace them with other priests
because there is no other clerical force
acquainted with the country and the lan
guages of the people, and . the Filipino
priests are not competent to hold any but
the subordinate positions In the church.
That the opposition to the friars Is an
artificial propaganda fostered by the in
surgents and by the Filipino priests, who
are themselves leaders in the Insurrection
and are using It to obtain control of the
church in the islands.
In the circular he refers to news com
ing to him of brilliant victories in the
south, and concludes with an exhortation
to the soldiers to spend fewer cartridges
and bring many defeats to the enemy.
"Dear Brothers — I need not explain whv
on the 6th day of March I started from
this unforgettable land of the province of
llocos. Perhaps a good star has guided
me between the mountains in order that
I mav breathe the purer air of this prov
ince. Proceeding from a point not un
known to you where for the first time I
received the severe blow of the surrender
of two of our generals with all their
forces (referring to the commanders at
Aparri and Bayombong). a blow that as
you can suppose has roused in me a pro
found depression both physical and men
tal. I resolved to abandon such sad spots
and seek a place which will bring me hap
piness."
Proclamation by Aguinaldo.
The "presidencia" in which Aguinaldo
spent two months at Laboagan was an
ordinary bamboo house such as ihe peas
ants live in. According to Colonel Sal
azar's diary the plates which the Filipino
leader used were made of banana leaves,
and the furniture of bamboo. Salazar
wrote that when "the Honorable Pres
ident" received the news that General
•Tinio was to visit him "he could not
sleep from happiness." He received Tinio
with military honors, and music by a
band consisting of one cane flute and a
few bamboo instruments, and decorated
tho-presidencia with flowers. In a cir
cular addressed to the officers of the Fili
pino army and dated Laboagan, April 14,
Aguinaldo said:
Archbishop Chapelle Is a supporter of
the idea. He believes that the policy of
leniency is wasted upon Asiatics, who fail
to comprehend the motives for It. To the
American officers with whom he has talked
the Archbishop ha? said that the heads ot
the leaders should be cut ofT. There is lit
tle doubt that the paroled officers in Ma
nila are in communication with their
brethren In the field. Those who are re
leased from prison, many of them at least,
take up arms ayuin. General Young
shipped to Manila two or three hundred
of his prisoners whom he considered the
most dangerous characters. General Otis
had no use for them, but reloaded them
on the steamer and sent them back north,
where they were disembarked to follow
their own wills. Most of them soon drift
ed back Into the insurgent camps.
Some of the American generals think
that the insurrection could be materially
crippled by the establishment of a St.
Helena for the Filipino leaders, banishing
them to some island where they could not
give moral and financial support to the re
bellion. Guam is advocated as a possible
and advantageous residence for captured
officers and civil officials.
Would Banish Leaders.
exercised over the finances or some of the
larger parishes. Tinio and Aglipay are re
ported to be enemies, a condition which
will benefit the Americans.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
MANILA, June 12.— "More soldiers" is
the demand which is coming to General
MacArthur from every department of the
islands. Recent events have worked to
vindicate General Lawton's judgment
that 100,000 troops would be needed to es
tablish American sovereignty over the
Philippines. Until they attempted to hold
provinces of two or three hundred thou
sand hostile people with a regiment or
two the American commanders hardly re
alized the size of the Philippine Islands.
The present force Is not large enough
to garrison more than half of the impor
tant towns, and in some of the most im
portant islands, among them Cebu, Pa
nay, Samar, Leyte and the great Moham
medan empire of Mindanao, only the com
mercial ports were occupied.
The Moros are a cloud on the horizon.
The officers best acquainted with condi
tions in Mindanao and theSulu islands de
clare that they consider fighting there
Inevitable. If It comes, the two regiments
which are scattered in small garrisons,
some of them hundreds of miles apart
along the coast of Mindanao, an island
nearly as large as Luzon, may have seri
ous ¦work. The Jloroa are fighters by na
ture, do not fear death, have many guns,
though of antiquated make, but do the
best execution by lying in the thick jun
gles and cutting down soldiers who pass
through with their terrible krlses and
ppears.
Work Before Young.
General Youngr, who is holding seven of
the most mountainous provinces of I-iU
zon with four regiments, expects severe
work during the rainy season. For two
months, after his bewildering invasion
of the north In December, the insurgents
were paralyzed. With enough troops to
keep ?n eye on the villages and prevent
reconcentratior.. the paralysis, the gen
eral b<?lle\-ps. might have been made per
manent. Finding ample opportunities to
reorganize, the insurgents have availed
themselves of the chance. Young's troops
have worn themselves and their horses
down to the limit of endurance in march-
Ing about the mountain trails, striking
the Filipinos wherever they couid get the
track of an organized band. Hundreds
have been slain, but much of the work
has been like brushing away mosquitoes
which swarm down upon a new spot.
General Tinio has a nomadic command
whose warriors can hide their guns and
become "amlgos" if it suits their Inter
ests. As few of them wear uniforms and
the people combine to shield them from
detection the Americans are greatly hand
icapped. The church has become a trou
blesome factor In Young's territory. Agli
pay. the priest who has proclaimed him
self Archbishop of the Philippines and ex
communicated Archbishop Nosaleda, is in
the field as a general. His? forces attacked
Captain Dodd's of the Third Cavalry at
¦ Batoc. when more than two hundred Fili
pinos were slain. Aglipay commanded in
person, and there Is an unproven report
that he was among the killed. His fol
lowers fought with the recklessness of
Mohammedan fanatics. They approached
the Americans in three lines— an advance
guard of women, arranged with the.ex
pectation that the Americans would not
tire upon them; after the women a line of
bolomen, and ethers armed only with
wooden swords, no more dangerous than
policemen's clubs; behind the bolomen
come the riflemen. Happily the women
threw themselves fiat upon the ground and
sought shelter at the first fire, so that few
of them were Injured. The soldiers thought
they were men disguised in women's
clothes. The onslaught of the bolomen
was like the descent of the Mahdi's fanat
ics upon Kitchener's sauare at Khartoum.
They kept coming on faster than the sol
diers could shoot them down, until they
were so close that our cavalrymen had not
time to fire and load, but went through
them with clubbed carbines.
General Young has evidence that the
priests of the region have been Bending
church contributions to Afrlipay. Two
prominent priests are in Jail charged with
aiding the Insurrection nnd will be tried
by a military commission. Surveillance la
One Hundred Thousand Men Required
to Establish the Sovereignty
. of America.
MORE TROOPS NEEDED
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Fcr a time it was thought Curtis & Sons
¦would divide the stake with Candelaria
end Flying Fox. but the former, a 5 to 1
favorite, was retired by T. J. Cronln's
Wild Tralee. The latter worked his way
into third place, be:::g firiallv defeated by
Warship.
The surprise cf the first round was the
defeat of Royal Flush by Flying Fox. The
former had the sp*-ed. but the hare broke
back to the Fox. ar.d the latter won by the
C:ose score of 3 to 2. Snapshot and "Fine
J-Ire ran an undecided course, after which
the former von, the dogs running two
minutes.
For Glory, which carried the hopes of
many coursing- enthusiasts, was put out
cf the running in the third round by Can-
The course was a shcrt one and
the *core 2 to 0. In the same round King
Cotton and T<»a Kes=e ran two undecided
courses, scoring five points each time.
King Cotton was then withdrawn. He is
eligible for the rich Futurity stake and is
the most promis'.riK- candidate shown up to
the present time. Tea Rose was apparent
ly but little distressed after her two '
courses, as she defeated O'Hara In the
succeeding round. The latter was a 5 to 1 ,
The coursing throughout th«» day was of :
the highest class, the dogs being evenly
roatchfd and the trials sufficiently long to
"?w-i the earnest of them. The atter.dar.ee '
¦was large. The detailed results of the !
coursir.p. with Judge John Grace's official
ecores, follow:
Captain Canes Mis? Penn:an beat J. J. Ej- '¦
n*i«' Morning tiicrr. »-0: K. M. K^'.'.rggt ',
Sweet Emma teat Pa?ha Kenr.els' Roya! Anne, j
4-1; Captain Canes Master Daver.p. rt r#« R.
I*. Taylor's Slcse. *-T: Welch & Hanrahans ;
Sacramento !«•->>• beat Parha Kenr.els' R««t As- ¦
eured. 4-3: P. J. R^i'ly's Warship b^at I>. I
Winders" Ran 4 cm Aim. C-J : Pesr.a Kennels' •.
R«-k!e«« Arrfcer beat C. W. Bonner'i Wild No- !
rah. 5-1; F. A. MKY>mb* Sir Pa?ha beet P. J. j
Reillj-** Royal I'aicn. 4-0: R-jeerll. Allen & !
Wilson's Rosi« C!air beat T. J. Cf>n.r. f s Thorn- '
fcllL S-2: Curtis & Sons' Kir.g Cotton beat T. j
J. Mclnerney's Johnny R. 7-C; T. Tieraej'e Tea
Rcte beat J. Byrses Battleship. 7-2: Sterl & '
Knowrles 1 O'Hara b«at M. Dur.leas Er.n S-2; '.
31. A. I)erkeirr:an'>« i-ri*p*hot beat Aeneid Ken- i
BdaT Fine Fir«. 10-€; Curtis & P-ns' Flyinp Fox '
beat F. A. McCon-.be Royal Flufh. 3-2; J. Ms>- j
riarfty'B Sr.arrer «Jarri*on b»at Curtis & Sens' I
Vulcan. %-(.: *°»rl & Kr.owles' Fcr Glory beat ;
U. Winder?' K:sky Attfinpt. 10-:-. Curtis & !
5or.s' Camielar'.a »-eat H. Lynch' s Lexington. ¦
*-4; Captair. Clarkscn's Golden Garter beat i
Kay Brc«.' Hawk°r. ?-:: I>. TfV.and's Pleasant
Girl b»£t E. M. K^V.^sg'f Ben'e Babe. 4-0; T. j
J. Cronirfs Wi:3 Trale*- boat R. E. de B. I>o- '
r«ez'E FEpinta, 7-4: J. Maher's Swedish teat J. (
R. Emith'e Ladr Sears. 4-3.
Second round— Sweet Err.rr.a beat Miss Pen
man, 4-<">: Master D*veni>ort beat Sacramento
Boy. 12-S: Warship twat Reck'.e«« Archer, 7-2:
£ir Pai=ha beat R<*rV Oalr. 9-1: Tea Rose in.
Kin* Cotton withdrawn aft»r two undecided
courfef. 5-o. '-5: O'Hara a bye. Snapshot with
drawn: Flylnp fox b»>at Fnappr Garrison. 16-1:
fanfielarla beat For Glory. 2-0: P'.easant Girl
t>»at Golden Garter. 4-2; Wild Traiee beat
Ewedifh. S-l.
Third reusd— S«rwt J^rr.rr.a beat Master Dav
enport. 7-0: War»hlp b*at Fir Pa*ha. 10-g: Tea |
Hoee b»et O'Hara. 9-7: Fly In* Fox beat Pleas- j
art Girl, S-6; Wild Trale* beat Ondelaria,
U-T.
Fo"rth ro'jnd— Wairhip beat Sweet Emma. ;
F-2: Flyinr Fox beat Tea. Rose, 10-S; Wild ;
Tralee a bye.
Firth round— Warship b**t VTili TraJee. 7-4; j
Tlrta* Fcx a bye.
rv-idin* rnur«e- -Curtis * For*' FJy1r.gr Fox ;
< < "Yv-t!rt-Ro''Jci>M»> best Judir* P. J. RelJIy's I
V.t-^lp <We<- P14«-N>t1fc! BivV 11-6.
The bruins on the course was heavy. In
the previous round Flying Fox had a long
course, and in view of this the bettors
made "Warship a strong favorite. He
opened at 5 to 1, ar.d as good as 3 to 1 on
was offered. After the course it was evi
dent Flying Fcx had a biff following;, as
ler.g lines of men with white tickets wait
ed on the cashiers to exchange their paste
boards for coin.
The courFir.g f.rm of Curtis & Sons add
ed another stake yesterday at Union Park
to the !org list of victories cix-dited to
their greyhounds. Flying Fox. the fawn
colorrd son of Chanibt, won the deciding
course from Judge P. J. Reiily's Warship
after the latter had led him by several
lengths and haA scored two turns of the
I3y th:s time the dogs were clean
u "ess the fi£d, and a thin line of fog
Fairly hid thr-m from the view of the
ppectatcrs. Flying Fox could be seen in
jricesesEion of the game and was scoring
rapidly on his white opponent. The latter
<lid not seem to try again, and was defeat
ed by a score of 11 points to 6. The hare
made grood its escape.
After Being Led to the Hare the Cur
tia Wonder Outworks Judge
P. J. Beilly's White
Dog.
Defeats Warship in a Sen
sational Deciding
Course.
FLYING FOX IS
A GREYHOUND OF
GREAT GAMENESS
Dr. Zabriskie. who Is the family physi
cian for the Mayers, was summoned by
the Mayor cop.chman at 5 o'clock Friday
afternoon. Commander WlnslOW met the
doctor at the dnor and led him upstairs
to Mrs. Mayer's bedroom. where th«
wounded woman was lying upon her back
on the floor. Examination of the wound
disclosed that the bullet entered her left
hreaet just below the heart and passed
under that organ an«l out of the body at
the back, beneath the shoulder blade. A
bit of lead was picked up in a corner of
the room, whnre it had fallen. Two con
sultations of physicians were held. It was
decided that r.o operation would avail.
Mrs. Mayer died with many relatives
about her bedside.
"I understand that Mr. Window said to
one of the members of the family that he
would have somebdy before the Coroner
who would testify that Mrs ;> Mayer said
she accidentally shot herself."
It was on Friday afternoon, twenty-four
hours before the" time of Mrs. Mayer's
death, that the shot was tired. Command
«?r Winslow's statement does not even tell
who hold the weapon. On this point, how
ever. Dr. Albert Zabriskie. the first phy
sician to be called after Mrs. Mayer was
hurt, said:
"Mrs. Mayer died from the effect of a
pistol shot, accidentally fired. The wound
was not at first believed to be fatal. There
will be a Coroner's inquest, in accordance
with the law."
NEW YORK, July 13.— Mrs. Natalie
Mayer, wife of John >!ayer and eldest
daughter of the late Theodore Have
meyer, died in the Mayer mansion on
Mountainside Farm, near Rahway, X. J.,
late Saturday afternoon. Little definite
news was known concerning the cause of
death until to-day, when Commander
Wlnslow, U. S. N.. who is married to a
p!?ter of Mrs. Mayer, gave out the follow
ing statement:
Was a Daughter of the Late Theodore
Havezneyer and Related by Mar
riagfe to Commander Wins
low.
Relatives Say She Acci
' dentally Shot Herself
With a Pistol.
MRS. MAYER
FOUND DYING
IN HER ROOM
A car on the Suburban Company's Web
ster division ran into a wagon loaded with
picnickers returning from Forest Park at
Lindell boulevard and Sarah street. The
wagon was broken into splinters and the
horse was crippled. The car. going at a
rapid rate, struck the rear wheel, pushed
the wagon sideways and spilled the occu
pants. Xo one was seriously injured.
As a Union line car on the Lee avenue
division of the Transit Company was pass
ing the intersection of Twenty-second and
Bremen avenues at 11 o'clock to-night the
wheels struck a charge of dynamite,
which exploded with terrific force, jj The
car was blown from the track, the floor
ing and seats were rent asunder and all
the windows were demolished. There were
four passengers on the car. two of whom,
Edward English and Mollie Shez. were so
badly injured that they had to be taken
to the City Hospital for treatment. The
explosion was by far the v.-orst that has
occurred on the lines of the Transit sys
tem since the inauguration of the strike.
ST. LOUIS, July 15.— Dynamite was ex
ploded under a Transit car in North St.
Louis tc-nlght and four passengers were
injured. A Suburban street car, the only
union line In the city, accidentally ran
into a strikers' 'bus to-night and injured
twelve occupants, two seriously.
Two Persons Were So Badly Wounded
That They Were Taken to the
City Receiving Hos
pital.
Explosion in St. Louis In
jures Four Passengers
on Transit Line.
STRIKERS USE
DYNAMITE ON
CAR TRICKS
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES. "533
THE STRUGGLE FOR KANSAS IN 1855-58.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUXT5T 16, 190O.
LA.TE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELET— ArriYed Julr B-ficfcr
Defender, from Port Townsend.
Arrived Sunday. July IS— Scbr Reliance. Iat
e«n. 24 hours from Bowena Landing: Sclir Mary
C. Camptx»ll. 9 hours from Fort Rosa; Br «mr
Coptic, Rlnder. 27 dayi from HangKoof t\x
ToKobflssA. IS day* 2 hour*, tad Hoaolala. I
days. 2 bocra asi 37 minutes.
OAKLAN'D. July 13-Nine innings of
pood baseball this afternoon resulted In
the defeat of the Heesemana by the Re
liance { "am. The score was 8 to 7. Both
nine** :t up a rood game, the result be
jngr Ir «'--"' ubt until the last man was called
out. jV.".umber of clever plays were made
on both fides, the work of the batteries
being especially worthy of notice. '
The Reliance nine will play the San
Xiafaeis next Sunday on the San Rafael
grounds.
RELIANCE NINE WINS
FROM THE HEESEMANS
OAKLAND. July 15.— The Contra
Costa Water Company has refused
the experts of the city of Oakland
permission to examine the stock
ledger of the company. This is one of the
books that the experts for the city de
sired very much to examine. It is one of
the books that Is In existence, and which
can be feen if the officials of the Contra
Costa Water Company choose to allow It.
But the permission, which was requested
yesterday, was refused upon the ground
that the permission of Judge Hart did
not allow the examination of that partic
ular book, and the company could not and
would not go beyond the scope of the
legal order.
So the gilding finally has been complete
ly rubbed off of the order granting the
city permission to examine the corpor
ation's books. The last scrap of the gold
plate is destroyed, and the representatives
of the city of Oakland find themselves
with permission to examine only some
books that do not exist, and which long
ago went up in smoke from the pipe yard
of the Contra Costa Water Company.
'Exactly why the officials of the Contra
Costa "Water Company refused the city
experts the permission to examine this
particular book Is not exactly apparent.
The book contains a list of the stockhold
ers of the company and a list of the trans
fers up to date, or such as have been
made on the books of the company. It
would show the floating stock is in the
name of "Trustees," but would not show
the actual owner thereof. If -the expert*
for the city hoped to find any suspicious
stock transfers they would have to look
beyond this book, and It Is not likely that
such careful custodians of books and
records as the managers of the Contra
Costa Water Company would allow thi»
information to escape If it was detri
mental to their- Interests.-
The failure of the city experts to se-
cure any Information from the books of
the water company as to the original cost
of the works has reduced the proposition
of a valuation of the plant to an engineer
ing question. It will now be necessary
for both sides to put their engineers at
work upon the plant and estimate its
value by figuring the cost of replacing it.
This was done by the City Council fif
teen years ago. The City Council was
then engaged in a controversy over the
valuation of the plant of the old Contra
Costa Water Company. The Council
employed L. J. Le Conte as Its special en
glneeryto make an estimate. The Contra
Costa Water Company also employed an
engineer and the reports of the two ex
perts came within less.- than 5230,000 of
each other. Ever since that time this
valuation has been adopted as the valu
ation of the water plant, with the better
ments added. • •
But one day the report of Engineer L«
Conte disappeared from the records of the
city of Oakland, and the report has been
missing ever since that time. r \ •
The members of the several local camps
are greatly Interested In the entertain
ment and dance to be given by the Chop
pers* Friendship Club next Thursday
night In Native Sons' hall. The pro
gramme is an excellent one.
Professor C. E. Campbell of Denver,
Col., produced his phono-sterro show be
fore Mission Camp in its hall last Wed
nesday night- There was a large attend
ance of neighbors who were very.' much
entertained.
7
ror throughout the settlements. Thia
lawlessness, which drenched the borders
of unhappy Kansas with blood, was quite
other than the rudeness ar.d lawlessness
common to frontier communities, and far
more serious, more ominous, for it was
based upon profound moral and political
convictions, upon settled and intense de
termination. With good reason the at
tention of the whole country was concen
trated upon Kansas. Thoughtful men
looked with foreboding into the future.
It was a period of great discouragement
to the Northern immigrants. Every sort
of power seemed to be in the hands of
their enemies, by whom they were dally
insulted and abused. Lawrence, which
had become the headquarters for the Free
State forces, was threatened by a pro
slavery mob in the fall of 1S55. and act
ually sacked and burned the following
spring. In fanaticu! retaliation John
Brown and his followers murdered five
pro-slavery settlers and the contest was
thus made more bitter and desperate.
There was, however, on the part of the
anti-slavery settlers no thought of. aban
doning the struggle, though men came to
realize with what a great price was free
dom to be won for Kansas. The stream
of Northern immigration grew smaller,
but it was not checked, and every com
pany now came equipped with Sharpe's
rifles. The North b^gan to cast up her
resources. An article in the Springfield,
Mass.. Republican contained these lines:
"We can perceive no reason why we oi
the North should appropriate to our
selves the whole terror and dread of
war. We cannot teil why the wholo
weight of Its heaviest strokes will be for
us, albeit our Southern friends evidently
so regard it. AVe have more charcoal
than they have; we have more saltpeter;
we have more brimstone; we have more
lead; we have more bone, and blood, and
nerve, and muscle. Will they have a trial
by these? Are they ready for it? Are
they eater for the clinch .of death? 'Lee
them beware!"
In this spirit the struggle went on. F^r
every fret-State man slaughtered for his
faith a score of free-State men equally
earnest and more sternly resolved stepped
over the border.
There were good reasons, foreseen from
the first by wist men of the North,
why in a continued contest between free
dom and slavery, ba^ed upon immigra
tion, freedom had the great advantage.
To make Kansas a slave Stilt** there must
be slaves and slave-holders there. Now.
a slave was a very valuable piece of
property and his owner was likely to b«
slow about taking him to a part of
the country where it was altogether possi
ble that he might cease to be property
and become a person. Property ia pro
verbially timid, and no property h3d so
good reson for timidity in Kansas ad
slave property. Even when a Southern
planter had determined to sell his estate
ar.d remove with his slaves to aid in pre
empting the new Territory for the bene
ficent institution, surh a transfer was a.
matter of time — often much tlm». Then,
the plan for sending to Kansas Southern
men who were not hampered by slave
ownership was not one to command uni
versal confidence. Pro-slavery men with
out slaves had been known to become
strong opponents of slavery under cer
tain conditions. The South had had great
experience of that in the case of Califor
nia. Moreover, the loose rabble of th"»
baser sort, such as the border ruffians of
Missouri, despite their ferocious temper
and adventurous spirit, could not be de
pended upon to win In the long, steady,
unyielding fight to the death for home
and right and country which the con
vinced anti-slavery man was ready to
enter upon.
On the other hand, large numbers of
trained, successful business men in tho
North were able quickly to transfer their
interests to a new locality. Farmers, me
chanics, merchants could follow their
calling's In the new settlement, and thera
was an abundance of eager young man
hood seeking avenues to fortune and use
fulness for whom Kansas offered an at
tractive field. And so the Free State pop
ulation grained steadily over that from tn«
South, and by the end of the year ISitJ
the New England Emigrant Aid Society
felt that Its work was done. Its battle
won. There were four men for freedara
in Kansas to every one for slavery.
Note— Study No. XIV will be concluded
on Monday. July 23.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FRANKLIN PIERCE
JOHN BROWN.
The demand for old high-back mahofr-
nr.y chairs, with claw feet, 13 now large.
Anywhere In the world, no matter
where, the chances are that the clothes-
pins used In hanging out clothes were
made in America.
Switzerland now has about sixty maca-
roni and noodle factories, which sup-ply
the whole demand of tho country,
although, the Swiss come next to tb»
Italians as macaroni eaters.
Charleston is to have an exposition In
the Uil of 1501-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/MONDAY, JULY 16, 1900.
8
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY'S. 2170 Market St.; Castro
st. cars pass the door.
FOR sale— 2 extra fine carriage terms. DAL-
ZIEL. Vet. Dentl3t. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES— Young, well-broken, for all purposes;
cheap; best In city. 721 Howard St.. nr. Third.
BOUSES TO ,LBT.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A COMFORTABLE cottage, 7 sunny rooms, $10.
1142 Mission st. (rear).
JESSIE. 820H. off Ninth— House of 4 rooms and
stable: rent reasonable.
LOST AXD FOIXD.
LOST— Saturday, at Chutes, clasp bracelet:
diamond setting: reward. Box 1«>6. Call.
LOST— 5 cows; 4 branded No. 3 on horns; other
muley cow; reward. WILLIAM SCHAEFER,
Twenty-seventh ave., San Bruno road.
LOST — Small purse containing one twenty-dol-
lor piece and seven fives; $10 reward. Leave
box 1921. Call office.
LOST— Large pointer dog. brown and white:
le-Uher collar and short rope attached. Return
to Lick House and receive suitable reward.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrlD-
tlons from $1 to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Grant. ave.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, removed to 446 Eddy St., the
well-known and reliable ladies' physician ;
guaranteed treatment at otnee. $o; home for
patients before and during confinement: con-
sultation free and confidential; hours. 9 to 5
and 7 to 8; Sundays. 10 to 2. 44S EJdy St.. be-
tween Leavenworth and Hyde.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renownM
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. VW+ Market st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market st. ; re-
liable ladles' specialists; 30 years' practice;
patients' prKate home; positive cure at of-
fice; celebrated HINDO HERB home treat-
ment; send 5 2-cent stamps for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 13 years' practice in S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 10O7H Market St., near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 23 yrs'
practice; home In confinement: treatment at
office $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 842 Pest St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist; home In confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton, China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarlum.740 Sacramento.cor. Kearny :advlce free.
DR. WISE (TS), the ladles' specialist. 1118
Market St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom St. MRS. DR. PFF.IFFER-
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. HI--137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
flxtures; new 'and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1M7. 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; writ* for catalogue.
A— FINE breech-loading hammerless shotgun
for $32; cost originally $35. UNCLE HARRIS
15 Grant ave. *
A— OLD-MASTER violin wtth bow and box for
$12; is a bargain at double that price. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
glnes, boil»rs. water pip*-, shafting, puileys
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. puu< " ys -
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $17; p O r>-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
TWO A No.l fresh young cows. Durham and
Jersey; rich milk; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
NEW $20 electric belt. 2 batteries. $7 iO. 457
Tenta st.
2ND- H A ND engines, boilers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. 516 Mlysion.
A FINE suit, $10; dress pants $2 75 MISFIT
Cmrm.NO PARLORS. 4*7 Montgomery st.
typewriter. No. 2 Smith Premier: late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 Cai.
FULL lin» cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bids.
EDISON concert phonographr-Reduced price"
$i5; concert records, |1 50. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hanfl. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; I flre and burj-
lar proof «afe; cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A 10-TON* Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 816 California st. »"¦*'="-
S l?^^ N^7 lr * nd r J; eco "'l- h »-»'i- THE 2IER-
¦MArtN. safe CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t.
e 4T? T S^2 J i w and ¦'cond-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San FriLn. |
MISCKLLAXEUIS \»A.Vr».
A-100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air corn!
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
W K«, T Ca^r A 8 * cond - nand ta"»tt. Apply box"
SEALSKINS are what we nay ble nrleM f"«7
PORTLAND LOAN* OFFICE^ » SuSkSn' %
IF you wish mil value for your cast-off clnthfn»
call on B. COHEN. 167 Third ful Blackllg
FLATS TO LET.
IVY AVE., 60. near Mechanics' Pavilion— Ele-
gant sunny top flat: four rooms.
NEW lower flat, 6 rooms and batn. 1123B
Broadway, near Leavenworth st.
NINETEENTH, 3980, 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars — Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room fiat: sun all day; rent $1S; water free.
RENT very cheap; four or five eunny rooms.
515 Thirteenth Bt.. near Market.
SHIPLEY St., 291. near Sixth — Flat, S rooms;
bath; gas; nice yard; $12.
SACRAMENTO, 1226^— ?22; flat of 7 eunny
rooms and bath.
- STF.VE.NsOM, 413, near Fifth— Upper flat nve
sunny rooms; rent $14; water free.
BUNNY desirable flats, Oak and Laguna sts.;
", S find 9 rooms; rents reasonable. MADISON
& BURKE.
?10— UPPER flat of four Runny rooms. 27 Pearl
st.. off Market, near Valencia.
$& — REAR flat; 3 large rooms and bath. 610
Castro st.
$.12—5 ROOMS and bath; In good repair. 171SA
Leavenworth at
$1S— 6 SUNNY rooms, bath. 176 Julian ave.: $35—
8 sunny rooms, bath, stable, etc. 154 Julian
ave., near Sixteenth st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
- furniture: for sale.
FURNITURE of 3-room flat, used 3 months:
one of the most desirable flats In city for
rert; reasonable. 1310 I^arkin st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with N. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURXITURB WAITED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY Hate with J. T. Terry& Co.) buys
• furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 33">3.
III2LI* WAM'KD-KEMALE.
A— CHAMBERMAID and seamstress, $23. MISS
CL'LLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— NURSE, 3 grown children, country. $25;
nursegirl. city. $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
A— COOK and second girl, same house, Sauaa-
llto, $25 and $20: 4 German cooks, ctty, $35 and
$30; 2 German cooks, $25 each; cook and sec-
ond girl, Reno, $30 and $25; housework, Santa
Rosa. $25; Alameda, $25; Mill Valley, $2o, and
several. other towns; 20 houseglrls, city, $15
to $25; 10 chambermaids and waitresses, city
and country, $20 and $25;-second girl for Ala-
meda, $25. MSS CULLEN, S25 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
S waitresses. Lake County, $23, fare paid; 2
waitresses, California Hot Springs, $20; 2
waitresses. Pacific Grove, $20; waitress, San-
ta Cruz, fare paid; waitress, Lake Tahoe,
free fare both ways; waitress, mountain ho- !
tel, steady position, $20. fare paid; 2 wait-
resses. State of Nevada. $25, fare paid; wait-
resses for Fresno. Sacramento, Vallejo, Red-
wood, St. Helena, Keswlck, $20 and $25. all of
them fare paid
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housekeeper and companion to old lady, $15,
San Jose, German or Swedish preferred, sea
party here Monday; housekeeper, Mariposa,
$15 and fare paid; housegirl. Grass Valley,
$25 and fare paid, nice place; cook for men, !
$20; houseglrl. Martinez, $20. 2 In family; 25
housegirls. city and country: nursegirls. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
ONE chambermaid. 1 waitress. $20 each; both
for first-class hotel. Santa Cruz. Apply to C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Ft.
YOUNG nursegirl, $20; first-class o.rman cook,
$30; 20 general housework girls, $25; down-
stairs work and cooking, $25; second girl, $25.
MISS J. F. KELLY, 413 Powell St., nr. Sutter.
WANTED — Experienced cannera; steady work;
highest wages paid. Apply immediately. The
V. S. Fruit .Packing Co., Harrison st., oft
Folsom, between Seventh and Eighth.
GIRL wanted to take care of 2 children and do
light housework. 2630 Howard st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework; small
family, $20; references. Call 1054 Post St.. 10
a. m. to 1 p. m.
WANTED— Experienced nursegirl; references
required. Apply between 10 and 11 a. m.,
1453 Franklin St.
WANTED— An experienced woman to work In
lodging-house; sleep home. Box 1917. Call.
FINISHER -wanted on custom coats. 461 Jes-
sie et.
GOOD chocolate dipper: steady: wages $8; 9
hours' work. SCHAEFER'S. 22 Sixth St.
WANTED— Young girl for housework; wages
$12. 112SH Turk St.
2 WAITRESSES wanted: good wages. 106 Sec-
ond St.
WANTED— German (female) cook for coffee i
and lunch house; wages $7 per week. 32 Sixth.
GIRL wanted to help In dining room. Apply
1727 Market st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl; must under-
stand cooking and housework. 317 Larkln st.
WANTED— An experienced waitress at the
United States Restaurant, 129 Eddy st.
A NURSE. girl wanted. 1S36 Sutter st.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factor}', 32% Fremont St.;
no experience neceasary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
CITY experienced workers and salesladies for
trimmed and untrlmmed millinery for com-
ing season. Apply Manager Millinery De-
partment, Emporium.
WANTED— A trustworthy woman to manage a
business out of the city. Box 1923, Call office.
OPERATORS and finishers on gent's custom
shirts; steady employment to good hands. 535
Valencia st.
PAPER BOXES— Experienced and Inexperi-
enced girls. WEMPE BROS., Main and Mis-
sion sts.
WANTED— A lady as companion and light
housework: good home; fair pay for rlfht
party. Call after 2 p. m.. 116 Taylor st.
OPERATOR8 on ladles' underwear to work In
our factory and to take work home; aleo a
presser. BAUER BROS. Co., 21 Sansome St.
FRENCH housemaid and waitress who can
sew; $20. MRS. FRANK WILSON, near
Berkeley station^
HIGHEST wages and steady employment to
women and girls at Code-Portw*>d Canning
Co., Tenth and Bryant.
WANTKD— Lady office assistant; experienced
In figures; give references and wages expect-
ed. Box 1923. Call office. .
EXPERIENCED fur finishers wanted lmm^
dlately. ARCTIC FUR 'CO., S25 Market st.
WANTED for millinery, a saleslady; experi-
enced and recommended: permanent position
to the right one at 1323 Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience, salary and references. Ad-
dresw C. H-, box 1824, Call office.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WAITRESS wanted at Hotel Repeller, 781 Sut-
tcf St. '
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., between 13th and 14th. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. .
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Experienced wood worker on bug-
gies, lumber wagons, etc. ; must be competent
to run boring machjne. circle saw, band saw,
planer, shaper and rounder; wages $3 per day;
steady Job to the right man. Call on CHAS.
W. STEIN & SONS, 265 Stevenson st.
__________
-Laboring men. $1 S5 to $2 40 per day.
Skilled men, X2 40 to $4 per day.
KESWICK SMELTING WORKS,
Keswlck. Shasta Co., Cal.
WANTED— A* good molder on Jobbing- work;
union man; married preferred: to a live man
permanent Job. Variety Iron "Works, Seat-
tle..Wash. - .
WANTED— Steady, reliable man partner In
well paying cash business: $75 to $85 per mo.;
$150 required. Address box 1985. Call office.
WANTED— A plumber's helper; Monday morn-
Ing. CHAS. REHN. .2987 Sixteenth st.
WANTED— A luncn waiter. 698 Fourth St..
corner Townsend.
BOY ; wages $4 per • week ; - Sunday work. 30
Union Squara Market. . '
BARBERS' • Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
GOO I) barber wanted; good wages; steady Job.
1048 McAllister st. r ¦
BARBER; young man -with 1 year's experience."
131 Valencia st.
A VEGETABLEMAN wanted. Park Hotel, 26
Turk st. • •
COOK wanted In bakery and cafe. 433 Ellis
| street. ¦
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S«.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
..; WANT MONDAY. 7 • A. M
WE SHIP FREE
7463 men for all parts of California, Utah.
Washington. Arizona. Oregon. Colorado, Ne-
vada, British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands.
Free fare and office fee only II
And no other expenses to Reno, Nev., Dlst.
Los Angeles Dist Truckee Dist.
Banta Barbara Dist Shasta Dlst.
Salt Lake City Dist Crows Landing Dist.
Santa Cruz Diet Newman Dist.
Dunsmuir Dlst Bakersfleld Dlst.
Soda Springs Dlst Madera Dist.
San Luis Dlst Surf Dist.
• And other places. We ship FREE FREE
COME ONE. COME ALL
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
quarrymen, spikera, section hands, tunnel
men, steel gangs, etc., wages $3, $2 50. $2 25,
$2, $190 day and ..../ FREE SHIPMENT
It is no trouble*for us to hire 30O men dally-
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
It costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; COME
SEE FREE FREE
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay gt.
A— 40 CARPENTERS 40 CARPENTERS
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS. TO BUILD A
LARGE FLUME. ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK. USING HATCHET AND
HAMMER and company will furnish tools.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY. 634
and C36 Clay st.
A— HOTEL.... CANDY.... and OTHER DEP'TS
S3 cooks. »lso 5 third. 5 second hands, broil-
ers, etc.. $G5. TfiO. %55. ?uO, $•»'», $40, $35. $30. S2S
and found; 32 waiters. COME. SEE. $35. $30,
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and campa.
30 and found; YOU'LL SUIT
39 dishwashers, city and country
$30, $23, $20 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— BAKERS. .BUTCIIE1 jr". .LAUNDRY HELP
18 bakers, first, second' nml third hands. $55,
$50. $45, $40, $35 and found, for all parts of
California: first hand. $50; second hand, *40
and found, same country job, boss here and
fare paid
3 boys or young men to work In bakeries, $.20,
$15 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 9
butchers, shops wagons, slaughter houses,
etc.. $40. $3T>, $30 and found; COME, SEE
• 15 laundrymen, washers, markers, starchers,
polishers, ironers, etc., ?S3, $40, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MINES CROWDS GOING
49 miners, single hand, different jobs $75
12 machine miners, gold mine $30 !
42 miners, single hand, exceptionally good
jobs, fares from $1 75 to $4 $60 and found
IS hard rock miners $75
S3 laborers for a large mine, $40, $4S and
found, including board and lodgings. If you
give sood satisfaction you will be advanced to
$60 per month and found; remember, all the
jobs above and below need no experience.
264 laborers for different mines, $50. $4S. $42,
?40, J33 and found fares from $1 SO
COME, EVERYBODY and Investigate these
mines: crowds going dally. Why? Because
positions steady year round and BIG WAGES
PAID YOL*: MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay st.
A — IT Is very Interesting to watch Murray &
Ready handle with ease the great labor ques-
tion WORK WORK WORK Come
down, get our list containing 71S9 positions
and see for yourself. MURRAY & READY.
A— MECHANICAL HELP '.
32 blacksmiths, horseshoers. wagon-makers,
carriage-makers, woodworkers and black-
smiths' helpers, $3, $2 50 $2 day; $,".5, $60, $50.
*45. MO. $30 and found: COME. SEE
Coremaker and 53 other mechanics: wages run
from $4. $3 50, $3, $2 50. $2 a day and found.
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
A— FARMS, Orchards. Dairies. Hay Presses.
Vinej-ards, Hay and Harvest Fields
Fruit pickers $26 and $30 and found
326 farm hands $3T», $30, $26 and found I
125 haying hands. .$1 25 to $1 50 day and found
S6 harvest hands.. Jl 50 to $2 a day and found
f>6 dairy hands, mllkprs, butter and cheese-
makers $40, $35, J30 and found; come see
36 choremen and boys, $30, $26, $25, $20, $15
and found ,^r
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— STABLES. FACTOR! ES.~FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., city and country, $50, $40,
$35. $30 and $25 ani) found; coachmen and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city
$175 a day
126 men to pick fruit $26 and found
SPECIAL
3S6 laborers, teamsters, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, $2 50. S2 25, $2. $1 75 day; many for
city pcsitlons and board home
6 farmers and wives
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
BC3 men for 60 different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, t^ges from $26 to $40 per
month and found
Also lumber pliers, bark peelers, $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Ja^kscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen. in
fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc., $80, $75, $90, $120, $60,
$50, $40. $30 and found; IS4 woodchoppers. tie
makers, tools and food found, some at mine*,
$3. « 50. $2. $1 50. $1 and 75c cord; shingle
Joiner: shingle packer
25 laborers for sawmill, fare paid. ..$40 and frt
From city, town, village and hamlet ao
crowds come to go on our great sawmill-
woods position: WHY? because climate beau-
tiful, water good, wages good and no ex-
perience required and always a chance to
raise themselves to different steady positlin3
and YOUR FARE PAID
MURRAY & READY. 631 and 635 Clay st.
A— WOODS foreman; sawmill foreman; 6 Iron
molders; 12 laborers', warehouss work, $40 and i
found: sheepherders: 40 laborers. Inside work.
$60. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED ,
Young German or Scandinavian as driver for
wholesale house, city. $30 and found; machin-
ist, country shop, $3 a day
For mine, two-thirds fare paid: Tool sharp-
ener. $2 day; blacksmith's helper, $2 day; 6
laborers, $2 day
2 teamsters, near city $30 i
camp dishwasher $20 I
milker, near city $30
milker and chores $30 !
elevator man, city $35 j
hack driver, city $25
men to build flume $40
- 2 farmers. San Mateo $26
cook, country hotel $45
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
WANTED
An assistant attendant In an Institution for
• boys, short distance In country, salary $25 per
month with board, room and wash; references
required.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
Wanted— 1000 men for new R. R. work....
Free Fare
200 teamsters— Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers — S. P. Co.'s own work. ..$2 a dtfy
200 teamsters— BakersHeld $2 a day
200 teamsters— Coast road $2 a day
100 laborer^— Fcr quarry $2 a day
Ship dally— Office fee $1 Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED— Monday morning at 7:30, with
blankets, ready to go on train, 100 laborers
for S. P. Co.'s own work: Coast road; $2 a
-day; free fare. C. R- IIANSEX & CO.. 104
Geary st.
TWO boys for steam mangier. $22 to $25 and
board. Apply t C. R. HANSEN. 1M Geary st.
A MAN and wife, ranch. *4O, fare paid; cook,
country hotel. $30; bellboy, city, $13. MISS
CL'LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED — First-class chief cook for restau- j
ruTT t "„ clsy - ~. silso clerk for coffc© house j
night work; references. Box. 1903, Call of flee.
BARBER wanted; must be good workman. 120
Geary st.
ENERGETIC young man to drive double team;
references. Apply 2103 Hyde st.
WANTED— Reliable stableman; Grand . Central
Stable. 615 Ellis st.
BARBER wanted. 33V4 Turk st. ; guarantee $12
per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, sllghtlv damaged, half
price. 5C2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
KITCHEN help. Apply 443 Third st., between
6 and 7 a. m. y \
GOOD stableman. Ap*ply 239 Seventh St.
THIRD waiter. $25. and pantryman, $15. Ahl-
born House, 319-323 Grant ave.
WAITER and oysterman wanted. 17-19 Powell
street.
A YOUNG barber wanted with good experi-
ence. 504 Montgomery ave.
$lCf>,000 to loan on diamonds, watches, jewelry.
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mines. Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
323 Montgomery st., San - Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquin Coal Company.
WANTED — 6 hard-rock miners; wages $2 50 per
I day; board ia $18 per month; doctor fees $1 25
' per month. Apply to The New Idrla Q. Mg.
Co., San Benlto Co., Idrla, Cal., JAMES G.
FINCH. Sust. _-_--£
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln.Reno House proprietor, still
. runs Denver House, 217 Third Ft.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— FIrst-claes cabinetmakers; _wage»,
$3 per day. Leave name and , address box
1924, Call office.. .
TWO first-class outside salesmen to sell auto-
graphic registers: saJary. Call between 9 and
12 a. m.. PERNAU BROS.. 543 Clay »t.
WANTED— A good salesman In liquor store;
must come' well recommended: good salary
Address W. N.. box 194S. Call office.
MEN. and women to. learn barber trade; small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard Bt.
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. AddIv
early Monday. at 627 14th at., near Guerrero-
San Francisco Construction Company. '
NVINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bua and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL Hcuse, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
IIOKStiS, L1VC STOCK. Etc— For Sale
"WANTED — Young road horse: stylish and fast:
for one that suits a good price will be paid.
Address with price and description, box 1330,
Call office.
A CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving
horses, just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 pounds; the horses can be seen now at
the Staniford Stables. 3CS-310 Golden Gate ave.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart
UCSICAL IXSTRUMEATS.
THIS' -week you can get a fine solid leath-r
music roll in black or tan for 75c: regular*
price, $1 23. Send your order to MAUVAli'
Music House. 7S3 Market St.
EAROAIXS at *-".O, J7>, JIOO. $150: good planoa;
will exchange later for better ones and allow
what is paid. MAUVAIS', 753 Market st.
DECKER & SON or Packard pianos ar« what
you should buy: they are best in bo many
ways. MAUVAIS Music Co.. *£> Market au
AS we represent the best make of: pianos tH
everv grade from Steinway down to low«
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealrr^*
we are the people from whom you shouM
purchase; new upright pianos. $« cash. $S pea
month: other pianos. $3. $4 and $3 per montn.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sta.. San Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou=*
west of Chicago Is KOIILER & CHASE s.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs an :
all other musical instruments oi all gra! .h
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleasa and satisfy il-.j
"customer.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store, to 9C2
Market st.. between Fifth and Sixth, naxt CO
Hale Bros.; reduction sale will continue fc»
two weeks to make ro-im for new stock; ov ".
evenings; agency for the celebrated Shonir.ger
& Behning piancs. New York.
A NICE upright S"l
A better one " I
Fischer upright, good condition 1l3
And 50 other good secoml-hand bargains.
BENJ. CURTAi" & SON, IS O'Farrell st.
A— HANDSOME, richly carvetf upright pla- .
latest design, standard make, three pe>^
used only a few months. $1M; another :~-
upright. $125. and one at $100. Room ::.
, Flood building.
CLOSING out; fifteen pianos ami organ* if
i your own prices this week only. SPENCI^R ':-.
ISIS Market St.. above Van Nesa ave.
! SOHMER &. CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. H2ir..:
ton pianos. 2C3 Post St.. opp. Union square
\ A FINE Steinway upright; good as new; !Z'
933 Market st.
$1CO— LARGE upright plar.o. 3S1S E!ghte-?r.-
street.
BARGAIN — Good piano cheap: Installment
1 per month. SCHMITZ. 1*> McAllister st.
SLAUGHTER sale of pianos this week f
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Marke
"\V. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent f :
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H
ML'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham p!a ¦_¦!•
ONE Steinway. 1 Chickerinar. $130; Installments
$3 to $10; rent $2 up. HEINE'S. 13fi Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos. $.1 payments-
for r«»nt. J? ur>. TRUTvNN. 2rt* Post st.
OI'KICKS AXD STORES— TO LET.
PART of store at 32 Steuart St.: suitable f;r
aseney or tailor.
"I
1'AL.niSTUV.
MME. Ncergard. Pres. St. Germain Collex* <~
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
THE HUDSON RIVER Coi
HOFKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, re-cov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranti-M:
prices defy competition: fine upholstery.
Phone 5303; factory, 31$ and 320 Eleventh sc. :
first-class cleaning and dyeing. <C3 Sutter
st.. San Francisco.
ELECTRIC lights In every room — "Winch-'V^r
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 r\<&s;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $5 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the fexry-
LEDEREIt. the hairdresser, baa but one price.
plain, neat, fancy, elaborate or any kind oi
hairdressing only 2Je. 123 Stockton »t.
SUITS to order on installments: $13 upward:
tl a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market ¦&,
between Seventh and Eighth.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gifted hoaler. 31
Kearny st.. room 11. cures nervousness. In-
somnia, blindness. Bright'9 (Usease. rupturw.
AHLBORN House. 319 to 323 Grant ave.— L«d-
lng German-Amertcan hotel of San Francisco;
$1 per dav and up; finest ineala In city. I5c
LEDERER'S Qulntonica ha!r tonic keeps yr>u*
hair beautiful and glossy; 3-"c hot. Try It.
$1W>.000 TO loan on diamond* watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Gran» ave.
WANTED— Name and address of party iaffer-
Ing with asthma. J. A., box 1311. Call.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
S50 Market st., second floor, room S7.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought St
sold. SUverman. 9S4 Folsorn. tel. Fo'.som 1131
WANTED— Old-fashioned sliver, brass, copper
ware; curios, all descriptions. 523 Dupont st,
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses th <
scalp and keeps It clean :5c pkg: better buy it.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. Examiner building, room 407.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores bq
hair to its natural color. $1: at all druggists.
CAST-OFT* clothing.oM irold and silver bought-
send postal. COLEMAN'S. :C6 Keamy st.
G I>. MORSE. photosrraphT. 260(5 Pacific av* .
between Pierce ami Scott: phone Stetn«r 33? 1.
PHOTOGIlArHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo »upplleaT^BaclLJ
studio. 11 Peary St.. ground and top nogt^
PHYSICIANS AXD SUItGEOXS.
DR. CRANSTON. thTTr^s^uilsTThaT re-
sumed practice at IVi* Market, cor. TayU r:
offlcea 23 and 2iS; take elevator.
D &,£ « O/DONNELL-Ofnce and restd-n^
l»2m Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh
pnopEnTY wastedI
IlEAL ESTATE CITY—FOR S.* I C
dio a : t-% n ,ain^ ought , for •Kt'SSt it ¦?:.£
lovelv'.nS T. 1^ , and SUbmlt •***; this H »
[anorama^ ; marire view la liie *
T»^ a r pe v t cornt>r lr » Richmond: NE cor. ot
Point Lobos and 11th aves.; 32 SxlCiv onlv <"
i h ea ',°i ? f ost '« M : » itandVready > tt*
«t.; only JtSOO for both. w" J GUNN.
530 CallfornlV st-
$S 25~w2n£ R5 l 9 " room hous « ta «holc« locate
&SS2? j&: SheT Sun U££ £
Isnld t^. Ulngs ' 3 wood mantels. feB*?
? a £L^™ ment ' etc ' : ter^ s one-fourth • >i^
balance $J) monthly, f. NELSON. buil^*_
"all S'umhi bulld K 4room t^win-iowTT^tis*;-
wL S s: . basement hard flniane.!; S"! 1
Ine A,? 3 "* furn!s h<-d; will tak* old bull*
GEO. M. SALSDURY. Builder. 3047 PoU »*•_
M r?rES^i hou » e » J »nd flats built at lo^««
b»n^. P - nS v and est| ma # e3 furnished for *J
buUdlnt wort CAMPBELL. 1117 Hiai!:a •*•
MONEY TO LOAX. y"
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d rr.:r:.
gages undivided interest, real estate In p r .
bat-;; mortgages and legacies bought: no r! .
lay; get ray terms before doing business e"..,-.
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery. r . :,.
ANY proposition, any amount; I per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, inter \
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, cha:-.;
mortgages, life Insurance. Room ".. fir i
floor. Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSK...
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond?, jewelry at 1 .w.
eat rat-s. Baldwin Jewelry St"re. StG Mark |
»t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON furniture and planoawlthoutremoval: q u ;
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Room*
6S and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow nn dlamon.;
watches, jewelry W. J. JIESTHAL. 10 tUxto;
highest price for old gold, sllvtr. diamor. I*
ANY amount by private party on furniture m ;
pianos: no removal: low rates; cor-.ndentu:.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 1*"> Powell it,
A T 126 Kearny. room 9. respectable prlva'
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: low,- ;
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davl3 393.
$23 000 in sums to suit on furniture or real es-
tate; low rate; strictly private. Address t ... :
1949. Call office.
TO salaried people without security: all bu-:-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott b.:.
ON furniture, planes: 3 per cent per month; r, >
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 8 Eddy t.:.
MONEY loaned salaried people without securitv.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Exchange. 431 Cal. J .
ANY sum. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates in pi -
bate, chattels, etc. It. 603. Examiner build.^;
H. MURPHY, 630 Market St.. solves all klnd-Y;
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, tfl:.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note wtU-.n-..t
lndorser. MORREI-L. 600 Examiner bullifcr...
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no cora-
. mission; private. LICK. IIS McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bulMlng.
HELP WASTED MALE.
TWO blacksmiths. $2 50 day and board and
$3 SO day; 3 machinists, $3 to $3 50 day: 2 Iron
moldera. $3 25 to $3 50 day: 3 cabinet makers.
$2 73 day; young men for planing mill. *i to
$2 day; sheep herder. $30: farmers, $23 and
$30; 2 farmers and wives. $40; 2 milkers, same
ranch, steady job. $30; 50 woodsmen and a-
borers about mill; 10 laborers for Humboldt
•County, $150 day and board: 20 men handy
with ax for making railroad ties, shingle
bolts and cordwood. virgin timber and _lonK
job; 3 miners. $2 50 and $3 day; laborers and
carmen. *2 to J2 25 day. and many others.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY 62S Sacramento st.
COOK for Mexico. $100, fare paid; 2 boardlnst-
houee cooks. $40 and $43; hotel cook $40 and
dishwasher, same house. $20: hotel waiter-
country $30: head waiter, springs. $30; bell
boys. baker's helper. $30; second cook.
$40 to $45; cooks and wives. $t>0 and $<»: dish-
washers pot washers and others. J. r.
CROSETT AGENCY. 828 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the ages
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In height;
muat be citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
¦ and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruit ing Of-
fice. 4(1 Ellis St.. San Francisco, cal.. 530 K
St.. Sacramento. Cal.. or 1058 J st.. Fresno. Cal
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: from 6
to 8 week^: constant practice; commission
•while learning: transportation paid: special
Inducements until August 1. Address GOR-
DON'S BARBER COLLEGE. 417 N. Main
st.. Los Angeles.
HOWARD HOUSE. 549 Howard st.. bet. First
and Second sta.— Single rooms, per nljrht. loc
to EOc: per week, 73c ao $2: also beds for 10c;
cheap, clean, quiet; reading room; morning
calls. _____
WANTED— Boy with some knowledge of bak-
ery. Apply 413 Third st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c to
50c. E«2 Mission st.. bet, lat and 2d sta.
WANTED— Youns man to help on cakes. 1205
Polk st^
CUTTER on ladles' underwear to work even-
ings. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome St.
WANTED— German waiter at Helvetia Hotel.
431 Pine at.
EXPERIENCED dress, fancy, domestic, men's
furnishing salesmen. Box 1346. Call office.
WANTED— Good tinsmith; no other need ap-
ply; steady work. 67 Fourth st.
WANTED— A man to help In kitchen. Jeffer-
son Hotel. Harbor View.
$3200— Terms liberal; stock ranch of 640 acres,
well watered: one-quarter cultlvcble to grain,
gardening and hardy fruits; will make a good
hog or sheea ranch; water abundant; small
house and barn.
Apply to ,T. W. COX & CO..
606 Ninth St., Oakland.
Office houra. 9 to 12 a. m.
EM'ERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE .MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071',i Maiket (rear Seventh): examination
free; German eye water by mall, 60c; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; $25 and $2S. 973-975 Golden
Gate ave.
GROVE, SI8 — Flat of 7 sunny roras and attic:
front and side gardens, electric lighters; also
lower floor of 6 rooms; furnished or unfur-
nished: *ti)>le If desired of 4 malls; carriage
floor, coachman's room, etc.; sultabls for
physician; rent $30 and $35. Apply on prem-
lses or MADISON & BURKE.
A NICK sunny upper flat, 5 rooms and bath;
$16. 41 Langton st.
A SUNNY upper flat, 4 rooms; good condition.
US Perry St.; $10. < -
A— S-ROOM flat: corner: sunny; I bay-windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417ft Third.
DEARBORN, !, off Seventeenth, near Valencia
—5 rooms and bath ; rent $14 50.
FIFTEENTH, 1876, near Dolores — Sunny bay-
window flat of 7 rooms, bath; bouse, 5 rooms,
stable.
FULTON. 142— Extra fine middle flat;. 7 rooms:
bath; near City Hall; $3S.
GEARY. 813%— Modern flat; 7 rooms and bath;
rent $35; water free. Apply LANDRY a
BABIN. 413 Kearny gt.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN et HOW ELL, 10 Montgomery.
EXCHANGE
TOWN SITE AND TRADING POST!
640 acres, nearly half in grain, all fenced: well
of good water, house and barn; storage facili-
ties; switch station; 2 passenger train* each
way dally, and many freight trains; school near
by; $6500, 23 per cent each, balance at 7 per cent
per annum.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bom with double veil & sVcond slKht,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents Jl; palm. & clair; sit. $1 SO. 128 Turk st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MME. RENNER. SISVi Geary (Saratoga court),
clairvoyant, life and plant reader; ladies, 25c.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
leader; German spoken. 921\4 Mission, op.Mlnt.
MRS. CAMERON, card reader; advice on all
business affairs, 2. r .c up. ?23 Mission st. ; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA.thf irypsy. is the preat palmist
and card reader, 25c. 5 Seventh St.; no sign.
MME.AupruM. clairvoyant, card reader; palmis-
try; truth or no pay; 25c & SOc. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFKER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212V£ Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth et.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture: 23c: ladles 914 O'Farrell tt.
DE.fTISTS.
ATths ELECt7^DENtXl~75lTxK^C9 Mar-
kft «t., cr. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 00 up: plates, extractions free. S4 uO up; of-
i!ce hours S a. m. tu 10 p. in. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and lililnes; extraction or filling by mv won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLt'M HILL. Tu?. Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extrai ting when plates are
made; old plates made .over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50e; sas Riven.
TLATES from Jj; crowns. ?3 £0: tilling!", 50c.
Chicago I>ental Parlors, 24 Hlxth »t.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 223 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. J4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM — "Painless": evenings and Sun-
day*. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, mi Polk st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 Dares, In wrapper, for mailing. II p«r yejr.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BTJZARD'S Doe IIr«pita.l. Post. Fillmore —
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits tl 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR.CREELY'S C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 610 Golden Gate av.
1SDUCATIOXAL.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market St.; life
BchnJarship. $10; Includes shorthand, typing,
IrookkpepiriK, telegraphy; day and evening:
Just added new business practice offices and
20 new typewritera.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
,. KEES COLLEGE; 123C Market at.
Sl'IRITL'ALlSM
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. &E8 Mis-
sion St.; readings daily, 25c, dOc and Jl; cir-
cles Tuesdays. Thursdays, Saturdays and
Sunday evening, 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit. daily; convlnc'g tests to-night 10c.
THIS week only— Full sittings 25e. WATSON,
medium, palmist. 15S1 Market St.. near 12th.
M RS.J.J.WHITN-EY.clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting Jl. 1104 Market.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis. 10 a. m. to B p. m.. Sundays included.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium: readings daily; clr.
Tues., Fri., 2. 8 p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
MRS. KOTTER, spiritual medium: sittings: G.
11. L. 50c: cir. Mo.. Wed.. Frl.. 10c. 34 Sixth.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A LARGE Bunny 6- room modern cottage In
East Oakland: high ba«?ment; corner lot. 90x
lSi; nne grounds and fruit trees; location
A!; 5 minutes' walk to local station. H. H.
COLBY. Express office. East Oakland.
OFF Second St., near Brannan— Sunny 11-room
• cottage; $10. Key 623 Second St.
510 — BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
fre«. 105 Collins St., near Geary.
JiO— SUNNY corner, 5 rooms: large yard. GEO.
H. PATTHRSON & CD.. 1706 Market st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
COMPETENT German man and wife desire sit-
uations: understand all kinds of ranch work.
MISS CCLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted by a good all-round chore-
man on a ranch; take care of barn and
horses: wages no less than J25 a month. Ad-
dress F. H., 631 Sacramento st., r. 134, city.
SITUATION* wanted by young man at house-
cleaning or ether work by the day: best city
reference. HENRY ANDERSEN, 316 Linden
avenue.
CARPENTER of experience wants work by the
week or month; will work cheap; well recom-
mended: city or country. Address box 1907,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted as butler, valet or travel-
Ing servant; speaks several languages; thor-
oughly competent; best reference. Valet, box
1905. Call.
POSITION wanted as attendant to invalid cen-
tleman by an expert messeur: good reader
and amanuensis: experienced traveler; good
references. R.-HULLON, 26A Franklin St.
SITUATION wanted by man as gardener, hos-
tler or to do general work around place; city
or country; reference. Box 4400. Call office.
AN active, eliurly man, first-class sign painter
by trade, also an adept at display and ad-
vertising card writing and generally handy,
wishe:; a permanent position in some large
retail or other establishment where his ser-
vices in that or any other capacity can be
put to account. Address HENRY P. HOP-
KINS, box 279*5. Call office, Oakland, Cal.
MAN and wife want work In American fam-
ily; general work around the place; refer-
ences. 738 Wood St., West Oakland.
GOOD bartender: half watch; would work
reasonable; references. Address B. GEORGK,
134 Eighth Et.
YOUNG man wants position as bartender or
will accent of anything In a store; tirst-class
reference. Box 1P23. Call. -
MIDDLE-AGED man, single, care horses; can
milk; good gardener; care chickens: handy
with tools; low wages; refs. C. box 1952 Call.
JAPANESE couple, man cook, wife waitress
and houseworker.. want place In city or coun-
try. N. O., 72!» California st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skinn. UNCLK HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia St.
COLLECTION OFFICES
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room S10, s<27 Market st.
COMMERCIAL Law and Collection Agency, in-
corpor.>*»d: money loaned. 214 Montgomery.
CARRIAGES A.\D WAGOXS.
ONE double rubber-tire bURT* one single
buggy; very ch»ap- 1009"£ Sutter St.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc;, cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for Rale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW &. 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work &. driving horses. ISth & Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AXU CLEAVING.
WHEN vou become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 3i3-357 Tehama f=t.: tel. S. 4C.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyslng Co.,
34r-344 McAllister st. : phone South 14S.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. M!fsicn 74.
CITY gt»am Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 5S-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South ".'2S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c,
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jes.«ie D44.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 12*:.
rOTJKQ Klrl wants position as chambermaid,
Apply 203 Third et.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washlne,
housecleaning. etc. Call 40 Minna St.
A POSITION wanted by Eastern woman as
managing or working housekeeper; city or
country; state full particulars. Call or ad-
dress 11 Taylor st., room 2.
A SWEDISH girl of experience; a good cook
and houseworker; city reference. Call from
11 to 5. 1050 Howard St., room 6.
A HKFINED young woman desires first-class
position a* housekeeper or do second work.
Address MISS E. GIBSON, Mill Valley. Cal.
POSITION as day governess or assistant with
peneral office work, by a graduate of Miss
Head's school: several years' experience;
best references. Box 1931. Call.
A GIRL wants a position as maid; no objec-
tion to traveling; best of references. Box
1926, Call office.
YOUNG lady would like to go to New York
as companion or take care of children. MISS
DORA RIVERS, ueneral delivery.
YOUNG American woman wishes position as
housekeeper or companion or any position oi
trust: cood seamstress. Box 1918, Call office.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
?2l Mission Ft., room 1.
J100.CK10 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket: iC«J rooms: 25c to $1 50 nie;ht: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free Bus
and l.argnpe t» and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore si.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscriptions has been established at 1090 Va-
lencia Et.
AGOTS WASTED.
AOT7NTS can make from $75 to $100 per month
Fe'.lir.u our campaign books. "ISSITCS AND
LEADEKS." -Uattle of 1R«"; also W. J.
Pryan's new book; '"Republic or Kmplre?"
Send 15c for outfit and agents' instructions.
We give same tpnr.s as Eastern firms. OC-
CIDKNTAL PUBLISHING CO., Oakland.Cal.
AGENTS to handle perfumes. Call 10 a. m. to
1 p. m.. 135 Ash ave.. near Polk st.
ASTHOLOGV.
MRS. Sadie Durn. of Pittsburs. Pa., strictly
reliable on all n:att*>rs pertaining to life and
business: liircscop* readings. II. 2710 Sutter.
A'ruit.Nbls AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law, f'27 Market St.,
rorra €:'T: estates, damages, attaehnu-nts,
bankruptcy, collections: all cases; fair fees:
n> advanc*- charges; money loaned on estate.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe* without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at_la\v. HO Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. «27 Market St., opp. Mason.
fZ S. CLARK. Emma Sprfckels b'.dtr.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation fr»»: r.n fees In advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES— FRED WARD & SON.
ABents. 46 Kremont St.
BATH | CABINETS.^ '¦;¦ y.[ ._¦ ¦
HOBINSON IS. 4-panel folding; door opens; firm
ar.d tafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, ast.. 426 Ellis.
Ui:LGIAN 1IARE5.
A NUMBER of fine does at low prices; bred to
cur faiest bucks; LORD EDINBORO Ump.).
feo J25; DUKE OF CLARENCE ump.). fee
J!S; f.ne lot of younest^rs trom throe to five
rjonths old from Lord Edinboro and our lm-
pVrted dots with grand color and perfect feet
all mund; full line of rabbit supplier; free
literature.
£AN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO..
SAM C. HAMMOND. MgT.
Office — Spreckels Market.
Rabbitrj— 101i Shotwell st.
UELGIAX HARKS'.!
AH the popular strains at greatly reduced
rri'-Fs. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HAKE AS-
SOCIATION. Alameda, Cal.
IjORD FASIIODA CHIEF and Lady Lurnb,
first prize In England, at 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HAKE SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS: sales daily. 10091, Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..609 Gol-
den Gate ave.. S..F.. 500 rabbits for Bale cheap.
niCVCLCS— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN sells new bicycles, 120 to $75; second-
hand on^s. £> up. 1&70 Page Et.
BO.U1DI\G KOR CHILDREN.
CHILD to board: good home; beet of care;
larg*- Bunny \arJ. Call at 1013 Mason St.
BUSINESS CHAJiCES.
A — J175O; CORNER grocery and bar on Mission
ft.; plaoe has been kept by present owner
for I'* years and clearing above J150 per
month; Ktock ani fixtures worth the money.
Call It. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny st.
,A—t;00— RESTAURANT and chophouse on
water front; r*nt 115; bargain. R. G. WILKE,
"CH Kearny st.
A— UWl BAKERY establ. many years In lively
country town: place doing a splendid busi-
ness; rent J20; ticknees of proprietor oniy
cause of sale; fullest investigation solicited.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26-j Kearny st.
A— *12^0: PARTNER wanted In oi<i-»stal>l. cor.
trrvcery and r,ar on Third st. : daily receipts
JS5; retiring partner had to leave for north;
rent J42; lease: rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'* Kearny st.
X — tZZC; ELEGANTLY fitted »aloon: established
years; in larpe private hotel; rent $40; ioca-
t!on 5 blocks from Market it. R. O. WILKE.
16^4 Kearny st.
A — J40O0; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years and known as a .noney making place;
best location; clc** to Chronicle building. See
R. G. WILKE. :C'j Kearr.y tt.
Ji. — 113O0: CORNER; wine and liquor store: only
one block from Stlarket; reTit $50; horse,
¦wapen and a large stock; splendid pay in k
business" diFaj?reement of partners cause of
sale. Pee R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st
$450 — CORNER grocery and bar; cood location:
2 rooms: suitable for man and wife; worth
J500. LUNDIN & CO., TS3 Market st, r. 12.
J25CV-GROCERY and bar: \\z blocks from Mar-
ket »t.; cheap rent; good stock: suitable for
man ar.d wife; make offer. LTJNDIX &. CO.,
TSS Market et.
S12C— LODC.ING-HOUFE: 23 rooms; good loca-
tion: chea.p rent: worth $200: make offer to-
<iay. LUNDIN & CO.. 78S Market st.
1SJ0O— CANDY and stationery business: choicest
location in city: business will speak for Itself;
Jfo. 1 stock and fixtures: clears $12^ to $175 per
month: best itargaJn ever oCered. LUNDIN
* CO.. >8S Market st.
flOOO-SALOON, 1 block from Market et.; fix-
tures and etock worth J1500; gocd reason for
•elUne. J. LUNDIN &. CO.. S73 Market st.
¦WANTED — A restaurant; price from ISO to $100.
Box ly*. Call.
A-IiiO ICO $450
Restaurant
Leadlns: street
North Market
Hardwood furniture
Fine proposition
- . Risrht party
STENHERG CO.. SS Market St.
IP you want to eell your business quick, send
to our office.
For Sale— First-class saloon: must be sold
mjt any price; »rrocery store and bar: lodclnc
house. ?.<*) rooms; nouse. 7 rooms: bouse. 11
rooms. McBRIDK & CO.. Agents, 930 Howard.
J2S5-CARPENTER and Jobblns; shop; business
location. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. ~~\j Market.
$4fO — LAUNDRY route: iroo<J horse and wagon:
receipts about $f.O ner week. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. TT7H Market tt
OLD-JSSTAULISHED. good-paying- stationery;
well -selected etock of notions,' candy, clfcaxK,
etc; good opportunity to purchase a paying
concern. LANE &. CO., 8C5 Market et.
J-0— WELL- PAYING day saloon: elegant fix-
tures; rbeap r»nt: Investigation allowed:
must s*ll at once. Inquire ALBER. 233
Third rt.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk dep<5t. etc. : fine
'.oration : plac« is entirely covered: contains 3
Mali.; rent only SIS; water free. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
LEADING hotel In Monterey; S3 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.:
will rent. s»H or exclunce. FV>r particulars
write JOHNSON A CARB, Monterey. Cal.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Orman cook desires situation
in American family; best of references; city
or count ry. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter gt.
FIRST-CLASS French chambermaid and seam.
strops desire? situation; best of references;
city or country. MISS CULLEN. S25 Sutter.
C'OMPETKNT middle-aped woman wants place
to do light housework or working house-
keeper; reference; moderate wages; city or
Oakland. C;>!1 717 Howard st.
GERMAN Blrl desires situation in private fam-
ily; cood cook: b^st of city references. Call
at 11114 Webster Et.
A WOMAN desires a position as a working
housekeeper or ladies' nurse. Call at 623
Howard st.
ANNUAL MELTING
The Ridden Iron and Locomotive Works. — The
arinuaJ meeting of thf stockholders of the liis-
Ci-ti Iron and Locomotive Works, for the elec-
tion of trusfes for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such cth^r business a? may be
l.r.'ueh: b.-.'ore the meetinK. x\ ill be held at the
office of the <-cimA'any. siMJtbeayt corner of Ucale
anJ Howard fu.. San Francisco, on MONDAY.
the fcth day Of August, l.w. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. H. MKAD. Secretary.
/.VXl'AL meetlr*— The regular annual m<»et-
ir.ft of the etockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will 1* held at tlie olfice of the company. No.
?21 Market st.. San Francisco. <"al.. on TT'ES-
1>AY. the ?7th doy cf July, 1900. at the hour
of 11 o'clock forenoon, for the purpose of
electing a l>oard of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come h»fore the niMt-
inc. ALEXAXPKB MACKIE. Secretary.
tltft,orii> to loan on diamonds, watches, 5ilver-var«.
falrkir.s. puns. I'ncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
5 ROOMS: cl^an: nice; respectable location. $150
10 and 12 r. hoiiWF. nil parts o? city. $330 up.
14 r. : clean; respectable; rent JCi; good.. $7'J>1
21 r<v>m«=; central; clears $S0 a month — $1000
24 roonis: rent tSS: profitable; ' 3 cash $1COO
f.n room**; vry nk-e: clears over $!G0 $28<>O
1?4 more. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Mkt.: tel. I3ik 1VJ3.
R. HrwiNSTON~& VO7. 1026 Market st.
7» rooms; cheap rent; cenyal $27:,0
£f) rooms; corner; offices 32."0
120 roomr: north of Market 4000
16 rooms: rent J40 only 700
34 rooms: near Market; rent $sn 13'>0
HfYEHS. ATTENTION— We have some fino
l>j>rKalns and good money-makers in lodging-
houses and hotels. We loan money on fur-
niture at 2 per cent. BCHWEINHARD &
CO.. P17 Market St., opposite Mnson.
I90A-SNAP: 28 room*: nil renfd: fln» location;
near Market st. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
6 ROOMS r.icely furnished; must sell at once;
reasonable. 541 Minna ft.
LODCIXG-HOISKS TO LET.
FINK partly furnished hotel, situated in coun-
try. 12 room* and bar. $\5. For full particu-
lars call FRED APCHMANN, Milpitas, Santa
<'lar» County. Cal.
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS.
KFY. of all kinds of photo buttons and jewel-
ry; wholesale and retail: send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. !>33 Market St.. S. F.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; eitabl. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post, near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEl.'M Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese l.eln. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black S072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office:
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 80G'/j Stockton.
CHIKESE and Japanese Employment Office—
-r^st help. 4U 1 * O'Farell st.; tel. East '426.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commander}' No. 16. K. -t,,
T., Golden Gate building, ttf.i Sutter pt. fwj
—Stated assembly THIS EVENING at Itfl
S o'clock. All iratens are courteously W'
Invited.
RonicRT McMillan. Km. com
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ,_&,
A-r!: Mas. r.s. meecta THIS EVEXLS'G. "ff/r
Business only. . /^r i
OCCIDENTAL l>idge No. I2. F. and A. o
tf.— T1IIS tMONDAY) EVENING at #i
7:3 o'<l k second deerw. Fellow <ra:' 1C2P
:¦•:_-•:.¦ oordially invit'J. By nrd^r of /\r 1
thf -IV. M. W. «. AXPERSON. S*c.
KINO Solomon's Ix>dse No. 2GD. P. and jk
A. M.. KJl!nir>re rt.. l>^t. Bush and Sut- _1\_
:¦ • XI rd •:.»!.•¦ THIS KVKNINO HtTCjf
T:SO oVlock. HABRt BAEHH. Sec. /V>
F. FKE.VCH, Chairman
W. COPKI.AND, Frc.
THE Thtrty-sSxth Aakembly District Club
zr.eetr TUESDAY. July 17, S p. m.. at Twin
J'raks Hall. Seventeenth and N'oe ets.
DRESSMAKERS AND SK.V.tlSTHESSKS
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
School to 1019 Market st., above Sixth. ,
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary st. : dresses
made, S.\ up; dresses made over: perfect lit.
MME. REMBERT, 530 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Inr. pinking. 321 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
T5UPINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
rail, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-"^ Montgomery etreet,
corner Clay: open until 9:50 p. m.
300 Ilayes street; open until S:SO p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. ra.
1541 Mission street; cp*n until 10 p. m.
2261 Mission street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
196 Eleventh «r«>et; cren until 9 p. m.
10S6 Valencia street; open until S p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-seoond and Ken-
fyky Ftro*"iy; open until S p. m.
BUSINESS* CHANCES — CONTINUED.
FOR SALE— A strictly good business; restaur-
ant: 109 chairs and feeding 100 people; bakery
tiding 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon;
lodglng-houre, 34 rooms, newly furnished;
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant, Bakers-
fleld, Cal.
BARBER shop and bath house for sale; estab-
lished for over 25 years; splendid location:
first-class regular trade; best of reasons for
desiring to sell. Address II. L., P. O. box 3S0.
Sacramento.
A— HOTEL and saloon at 212-214 First St., at
reasonable terms; will Fell on'account of
sickness.
WASTED — A partner with some capital to
patent ar.d develop several useful inventions;
thorough investigation invited. Box 19S2. Call.
DON'T MISS the tripods and lamps at the
BACKUS STUDIO. 11 Geary; other bargains.
CIGAR stand for rent: very cheap: opp. rail-
road depot. Third and Tcwnrcnd sts.
GOOD bakery for sale: cheap: baking 2H bar-
rels. Address box 1957. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS shoe shop; good prices; good
work; small stock of shoes. S32 Bush st.
FOR sale— Well-ray Ing pickle factory and vin-
egar route; $1<K>O. Address box I!-?". Call.
FOR Fate— FirM-class restaurant. Address P.
LAMUERS. I7;.nvj Mission st. : no agents.
CANDY store fcr sale; good Flock and fixtures
low rent: no agents. 13S Hayes st.
COFFEK and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subocriptions
received at Call branch office. 22W Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IOC'6 Va-
lencia 5t.
EDUCATIONAL.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 3C5 Larkln St.:
the coming school: thorough; up-to-date; all
branches; positions secured for gra.dua.tes.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1SC4.
VAN DER NA1LLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
6-WEEKS' course teaches practical shorthand.
Val Deasy, court reporter, 612 Hearst bldg.
LAW' schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater, 310
O'Farrell. positions grntd to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Fost St.,
S. F.; founded 1S63: SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School; modeling,
designing, carving: all branches. 424 Pin* st.
ALSOSunday, July IS.
Stmr Fulton. Dugrgan, 4 days from Tacoma.
Stmr Whlteaboro. Olsen. 13 hours from Point
Ar^na, bound south, put in to land passenjrers.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Dorrls, 6S hours from
Grays Harbor, bound to Hueneme, put in to
land rassenzers.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. 1« hours from ITsal.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, :t hours from Moss
Landlns.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. II hours from Eu
reka.
Hr ship Xorma, McDonald, 60 days from
Hongkong.
Schr P.alph J. I^ong, Islgkclt. IS hours from
FiFh Rock.
SAILED.
Sunday, July 15.
Stmr Arcata, Rwd, Coos Bay.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson, .
Rtmr Grace Dollar. Dorris, Hueneme.
fitmr ¦\Vhltesboro. Olsen, .
Ftmr Kurekn. JeB^^n. Eureka.
Rtmr Cltv of Puebla. Jepsen. Victoria.
Tup II. H. Huhne. Nelson, Eureka.
Fchr Ida Schnauer. Sorenson. Port Gamble.
Schr Laura Hay. Hansen. W'lIIapa Harbor.
TEUEORAPiriC.
POINT LOnOP. July IS— n p. m.— Weather
thick, wind southwest, velocity 5 miles.
SPOKEN.
July 14. off Fort Brajrg— Tuk Monarch, with
schr Mary Dodse in tow. hence July 12, for
Eureka.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 15— Schr.
Lyman D. Foster, from Klhel.
HOUDA LANDING— Sailed July H— Schr ,
Nprturif for San Francisco.
SKATTLE-Salled July 14— Strnr Cottage
City, for fltka; stmr Roanoke, for Nome.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 14-Stmr
Navarro. from Howens funding. Sailed— July
15 — Stmr Greenwood, for .
EIj'REKA— Arrived July 15— Tus Monarch,
hence July 12.
PORT LI "I) LOW— Arrived July 15— Schr Okan
o(?an. from Port Townsend.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived July 13— Stmr Sa
tional City, hence July 14. »
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 15— Stmr Alcazar,
for — .
FOREIGN PORTS.
COMOX — Sailed July 14^ — Nor stmr Tellus. for
San Francisco.
OYSTER HARBOR— Sailed July 11— Aus stmr
Slam, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NE~." YORK- Arrived July 15— Stmr La Bre
tagne. from Liverpool.
ARRIVED.
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and <he last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slirn (— ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number given l« subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference l« th» mean of the lower low waters.
Same owner with J. H. Keefe (contractor),
architect same— Painting of exterior, painting
and wood finishing of Interior in basement and
third story and servants' staircase, from base
ment to third story, for same on same; $1220.
Builders' Contracts.
Teresa Frapoll 'owner) with James F. Logmn
(contractor), architect Nathaniel Blalsdell— All
work except plumbing, gas fitting, sewering,
electrical work, marble steps, marble flooring,
trimming, hardware, mantels, shades, gas fix
tures, painting and waxing for a two-story
basement and attic frame bul.dlngr, on N line
of Vallejo street, 131:10 W of Scott, AV 40 by N
137:6; $7223.
James L. Flood (owner, by Mahony Bros., at
torneys) with Rocklin Granite Company (con
tractors), architect J. E. Krafft— Granite work,
cutting and setting for a three-story and base
ment residence, on N line of Broadway, 137:6
W of Buchanan, W 137:6, N 175, E 137:4^, S
17:6, E 1% Inches. S 1*7:6: $5500. ¦
Same owner with W. W. Montacue & Co.
(contractor*), architect wune— Steam heating
and ventilating for same on same; $3974.
James Dlxon to May E. Roberts, lot on E
corner of East Sixteenth street and Tenth ave
nue, NE 70. SE 100. NE 30. SE 25. SW 100. NW
115, to beginning, block &7, Clinton, East Oak
land; $.10.
Mary Smith to W. L. Smith, lot on N line of
Virginia street. 215.50 W of Shattuck avenue.
TV 55 by N 135. beln* lot 22 and E 5 feet lot 23.
block B, Golden Gate Hommtcad, Berkeley; $10.
Juana H. Nevis to Joseph Nevis, lot on TV
line of Main street where fame is intersected
by line dividing lots of Mrs. Juana H. Nevis
and J. J. Murphy and distant SW 96.84 from
SW corner Main street and Rose avenue, thence
SW 36 NW ISO. NE 38. SE 150. to beirinnln^.
being portion Nevis Tract, Pleasanton, Murray
Township; gift.
Levina Yenser to Frank H. Mesow. lot on E
line, of Telegraph avenue. 135 N of Shasta
street. N 45 by K 150. being lot 26. block B,
Vlcenle Peralta Reservation Tract at Temes
cal. Oakland; $10.
John F. and Gertrude Axx to same, same.
Berkeley; $10.
Samuel and Hattle O. MeHenry to John Roh
ertson lot on N line of Railroad avenue. 67 W
of Wood street. W 33 by N 100. Alameda; $10.
Remillard Hrlck Co. (a corporation) to Eliza
P. Hammersley (wife of A. S.). lot on S line
of Harmon street. 323 E of Calais, E 23. by S
13o, being the E H lot 16. block A. plat fl3,
Rancho V. and D. Peralta, quitclaim deed.
Fred A. and Jennie Whittler to Charles R.
Root lot on w corner of Twenty-seventh ave
nue and right of way S. P. R. R. Co., NW 100
by SW j0. being lots 9 and 10. block G. Knowles
and Potter subdivision Kennedy Tract. East
Oakland: $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mar>
E. BrlgK8 lot 363 In plat 1, Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $10. -
Lucy R. and Marv A. Simpson to Harold L.
Martin lot on S line of Simpson avenue. 155:9
W of Telegraph avenue, W 10 by S 106.33, be
ing portion Simpson Tract, Oakland; $10.
Amy S. Beck (widow) to same, lot on S line
of Simpson avenue, 19r>:9 \V of Telegraph ave
nue. W 30 by S 106.33, being portion same. Oak
land- $10.
Charles R. and May II. Root to C. E. Fris
bie lot on N line of Sixteenth street. 33 E ot
West. E 40. N 1C3:9, W 33. S 2S:9. W 5, S 73.
to beginning, block F. Map of Property North
Oakland Homestead Association, Oakland; |lv.
George W. Russell to Mrs. Olla Bernler, lot
on NW corner of Twenty-first and West streets,
N 50 by W 100, being lot 10. block J, Curtis and
Williams Tract. Oakland: elft.
fame to Mrs. E. I. Russell, lot on S line or
Eleventh street. 120 E of Clay, E 30 by S 100,
block 145. Oakland: gift.
Geonre W. and Emma I. Russell to William
J Reed, lot on W line of Linden street. 140 S
of Thirty-second, S 35 by W 182. block 669.
Glascock Tract, Oakland; also lot on N lln»
of Locust street. 275 W of Grove, W 25 by N
100, block Q, Kelsey Tract. Oakland; $10.
Anna M. Geary and Margaret J. Smyth to
American Bonding and Trust Company of Bal
timore, lot on N line of Sycamore street. 900
W of Telegraph avenue, W GO by N 1S6. Note—
This trust deed 13 given ns security to execute
bonds for Smyth Bros. Trust deed. Oakland;
*10.
John Echuler to Caroline Bruehi (widow), lot
on NE corner of Sixteenth and Center streets.,
E 33:SH. N 104:9. W 36:6*4. S 101:9, to berin
nlnj?, portion lot» 1 to 4, block 60*B, Bagge
Tract. Oakland: «ift.
Alameda County.
(Crocker) Charles T. and Jennie A. Crocker,
lot on NE line of First street. 1€2:6 NW of Na
toma. NW &0:3 by NE 275; $10.
Hanora and Denis Sullivan to Margaret Sul
livan, lot on SW line of Ritch street, 225 SE of
Folsom. SK 25 by SW 73. quitclaim deed: $1.
Sarah McDonnell to Michael J. McDonnell,
re-reoord 1266 d. 126. lot on SW line of Morris
street, 273 SE of Harrison, SE 25 by SW SO;
Michael J. McDonnell to Harry H. Young.
8 George F. Lyon to John E. Hill, lot on N
line of Twenty-fifth (Yolo) street, 50 W of
Mississippi. W 25 by N 100: $10
Marlon S. Fuller to Harry Davis, lot 12ol,
Gift Map 3: $10.
Caspar Furrer to Carleta Furrer. lot on \V
corner of Porter and Foote avenues, SW 157 by
NW 237, block 16. West End Map 2; also lot on
SE line of Porter avenue. SO SW of Naglee,
SW ISO. SE 16S. NE S2:«, NE 83, NW 214, block
23, same; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to John
Meierdierks, lot on S line of Pine street. 152:6
E of Polk. B ho by s 120: $ — .
Same to George W. and Mary J. Hatman,
re-record of It66 d. "66. lot N line Union street.
105:0-%, W of Franklin, N 275, W 1U9:!>. S 137:6,
E 25, S 137:6, E 175:3; also lot on N line of Fil
bert street. 130:9'i E of Gough. N 5 deg. 21 min..
\V 15O:7U. E 31:6!j, SE to Filbert street, W to
beginning: $ .
Estate of William H. Watson Sr. (by Wil
liam M. Hoag and Joseph Winterburn, execu
tors) to J. F. Kennedy, lot on E line of Gough
street. 23 S of Pine. S l>:6 by E 27: $30.
William and California Cluff to California
Title Insurance und Trust Company, lot on N
line of Vallejo street, 1'CD E of Laguna, E 74:3
by N 137:6: $10.
William J., (Jeorge W., Charles M. and Alice
M. Wood to Emma H. Brown, lot on SW cor
ner of Filbert and Buchanan streets, S 23 by
W 90; $1U
American Surety Company of New York to
Thomas W. Butcher, lot on SE corner of Wal
ler and Cole streets. S 33:9 by E S5, and gives
resident vice presidents authority to release
real property; $10.
J. Mountlord Andrews to Isabella A. An
drews, lot on S line of Waller street. S4:4H \V
of Cole. W 25 by S 75; K»t.
Patrick J. Daly to Thomas F. Butler, lot on
w line of Cajip street, 40 S of Eighteenth, S 30
by W 9S; $R
Gprvasio Ratto to same, lot on W line of
Capp street, 40 S of Eighteenth. S 2 by W 9S;
$10.
Patrick J. Daly to Gervaslo Ratto. lot com
mencing SS feet W of Capp street and 40 S of
Eighteenth. W 24:6 by S SO: $10.
Mary Margaret. James, John and Catherine
Markham to Ellen Markham. lot on W line of
Capp street. 63 N of Twenty-fifth, N 6o by W
116; Sl-
Edward Ryan to Annie Ryan, lot on W line
of Dolores street, CS S of Army, S 25 by W SO;
gift.
Filbert BaclKalupi to J. F. Clark, undivided
% of lot on E line of Stockton street, 23 S of
Greenwich, S l&:10'i by E 6S:»; $400.
John J. or John and Margarethe von Bergen
to Prospero and Felice Bacigalupl, lot on N
line of Broadway, 47:7 W of Dupont street, W
21:2 by N 4S:6: $10.
William Koch to Margaret and Charles Koch
and Mary Zwlck. lot on W ine of Stockton
street, 55 S of Chestnut, S 23, W 60, S 40, W
43:Ui N 65, E 103:4',i; gift.
William H. Howard to Mary B. Harrison
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sun rises 5 : 00
Sun sets 7-31
Moon rise? 9:55 p. m.
MONDAY, JULY 16.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Hetchts of High and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes, later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
L F Whiting. Crckett
A Johnson, Crockett
J F Lambert, Manila
J R Williams. Manila
W L Levlck, Los Ang
B A Gastoii, Walla W
F E Hpsser. Sta Clara
J GarZOli; Chicago
S J Gifford, Sacto
R 11 Boyle. Petaluma
It Hrunner, San Jose
W Irving, Fresno
R Talfar, Los Gatos
J Malone. Gilroy
J H Amlot, Astoria
J Cunningham. Seattle
J H Newcastle, Mrysv
W J McCartln. Stktn
C G McKee. El Pato
C s Casdarph, Benicla
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
G Kamper & vr, Berlin
E C Sewall. Portland
F Zimmerman &w Or
R Hale. Portland
II Herzfelder, Vienna
L Sulxer. Switzerland
H Navllle. Switzerland
W Stanley. Menlo Pk
W Marshall, Chicago
W H Jordon Jr. USA
Dr Weeks & f. Randbg
J M Tesrynski, N Y
R G Whitlock. Ky
G A Youn«r, N Y
R M Ycun*. N Y
J S Child*, Vacaville
J W F White. Pittsbg
W Pizott. Seattle
J R Forrest, N Y
L Burkhardt. N Y
F T Potts. & w. Phlla
Miss H F Potts, Phlla
Miss Harrison. Phlla
H Moore, S Jose
D O Haynes. N Y
H C Shepard, St Paul
J E Terry. Sacto
H Alderman. Grass Val
F A Dorn & w. Cal
G Nixon, Nevada
J T Mareau & w. N Y
E B Cohn. Hamburg
R W Carroll. N Y
E Knaft, Lyons
G H Ltndly. Salt Lake
F S Johnson & w. Cal
Mrs G Johnson. Napa
ft Johnson, Napa
H II Stout & w. USA
PALACE HOTEL.
GRAND HOTEL
T B Hennessy, Chcgo
V Parker & w. Sacto
V H Colbough,' Sacto
J C Campbell. Nev Cy
Dr W Johnson. Mo
Mm J Wlklnskl. Mo
W H Blood. Bakersfld
W A Wallace, Kans
E E Condo. Sacto
W D Crichton, Mo
G E Machen, Mo
W W Eden & w. Mo
W Downey, Raymond
Mrs A Matti. Malaga
G W Glbbs & w. Stktn
\V A McVean. I* S A
F Stencel. Mexico
J II Earle, Cal
W "F George. Sacto
T C Wadsworth. Gr VI
T Hunter, Elko, Nev
J E Murphy. Philadel
MISs Honchins. Colusa
J E Benton, L Geneva
J J McSurley, Calavrs
J C Dye Jr. Jackson
E H Vance. Eureka
D J Flanigan. Eureka
G Malnhart, Gr Valley
O W Hard, Santa Ana
Mrs M Henneberry. O
F A Anderson Jr. L A
Dr T E Cross. Btktn
E E Glidden. Madura
M Smith. Chicago
A J l.olson. Lodl
V R Lolson. Lodl
C Grover, Colusa
J Guttrive, Roseburg
A P. Morton. Suisun
II Juch, Marysvllle
HOTEL ABRXVALS.
Northern California— Fair Monday, except fcg
gy along the coast in the morning and at night;
fresh west wind.
Southern Calitornia— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday, ex
cept teg in the «»arly morning and evening;
fresh to brisk west wind. G. H. WILLSON,
• Local Forecast Official.
'Clear weather prevails west of the Rocky
Mountains except foe along the central and
northern coast of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. July 16. WOO:
An area of unusually low pressure overlies
California, Southern Nevada and Arizona, caus
ing brisk westerly wind along the California
coast with fog. The pressure has risen over
the Pacific Slope.
The temperature has rlren In the great valleys
of California and in Western Nevada; else
where the changes have been slight.
FORECAST.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka oS'Los Angeles TS
Fresno lOO.Sacramento ?2
Mount Tamalpals S3 Independence &2
Red Bluff 10i!San Dlegi> 63
San Luis Oblspo.... 7l|
i-an Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum. 60; mean. 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 15—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, JULY 16, 1900.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO ARRIVE.
Shipping Intelligence.
9
C ITime ITIme Time ITimel
£ **¦ Ft. Ft. Ft.
* H Wl L Wj H W JL. W
18 ... 1:45) 5.1 7:S6i 0.5 2:56 6.5 8:49 1.7
17 ... 2:521 4.7 8:42 1.1 3:37 6.6 9:M 1 3
IS ... 4:05 4.3 9:32! l.« 4:23 B.8 11:01 OS
19 ... 6:25 3.9! 10:26 2.2 6:10! 5.9
L W H W L W H W
W ... 0:11 0.5 6:4$ 3.9 11:23! 2.7; 6:03 S.O
51 ... l:lS 0.0 »:0« 3.9 12:271 3.o! 6:i7| 6.1
22 ...| 2:171—0.4 f:15 4.l| 1:20! 3.01 7:;2! 6.1
steamer.
I From. I. Due.
Mattfawan
Willamette
Bonlta
Walla Walla...
Belgian King...
81am
Coptic
Abydog
Australia
Ohio
Rureka
Tellus ..:
fanta Rosa
Kmplr*
Warfteld
Aztec
Crescent City...
Stat« of Cal....
Washtenaw ....
Prnsrreso
Colon .'
Coos Bay
Arcata
Point Arena
ITmatllla
D<?1 Norte
North Fork
Czarina
-( I
.|Tacoma IJuly 1«
. (Seattle I July lo
• I.N'ewport |July 1»
.(Victoria & Pueet SoundlJulv 1«
.'[China and Japan |July T>
.Oyster Harbor |July 17
. China and Japan [July 17
. Hamburg (July 17
. Honolulu I July 17
.(Seattle IJuly IS
JHumbolrtt July 1*
.|Oyster Harbor ljuly 13
.San Diego jJuly is
.'Coos Bnv.....'. IJuly 18
.IOy»t<sr Harbor IJuly 19
.jXar.almo (July 19
.iCrencent City IJuly 19
. Portland July 19
. Taeoma July 19
. Taeoma IJuly 20
. New York July "0
. Newport July 70
. Coos Bay JJuly V)
.IPolnt Arena (July V>
. Victoria Muly 21
. Portland July 21
. Humboldt July 21
• lOyster Harbor July 21
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Nowburg ..|Oray» HarborlJuly 16. 5 pmjPIer 13
North Fork Humboldt July 1«. 12 m Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. .IJuIv 16. 2 pmiPler 2
Corona .... Pan Dlejo jJuly 16. 11 am Pier H
Columbia .. Portland IJuly 17, 11 am Pier 21
Orizaba ...Humboldt (July n. I pm Pier 9
Newport ... N. Y. v. Pan.lJuly 18. 12 m PMSS
Bonlta !S»n Pedrra. IJuly- IS. 9 amlPtfr 11
City JaneirojChlna&Japan'July 1!>, 1 pmiPMS3
Santa KosalSan Diego IJuty 20. 9 amiPier 11
Walla W.. | Victoria iJuly W. 11 amlTier 9
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Nowburg ..|Oray» HarborlJuly 16. 5 pmjPIer 13
North Fork Humboldt July 1«. 12 m Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. .IJuIv 16. 2 pmiPler 2
Corona .... Pan Dlejo jJuly 16. 11 am Pier H
Columbia .. Portland IJuly 17, 11 am Pier 21
Orizaba ...Humboldt (July n. I pm Pier 9
Newport ... N. Y. v. Pan.lJuly 18. 12 m PMSS
Bonlta !S»n Pedrra. IJuly- IS. 9 amlPtfr 11
City JaneirojChlna&Japan'July 1!>, 1 pmiPMS3
Santa KosalSan Diego IJuty 20. 9 amiPier 11
Walla W.. | Victoria iJuly W. 11 amlTier 9
steamer.
I From. I. Due.
Mattfawan
Willamette
Bonlta
Walla Walla...
Belgian King...
81am
Coptic
Abydog
Australia
Ohio
Rureka
Tellus ..:
fanta Rosa
Kmplr*
Warfteld
Aztec
Crescent City...
Stat« of Cal....
Washtenaw ....
Prnsrreso
Colon .'
Coos Bay
Arcata
Point Arena
ITmatllla
D<?1 Norte
North Fork
Czarina
-( I
.|Tacoma IJuly 1«
. (Seattle I July lo
• I.N'ewport |July 1»
.(Victoria & Pueet SoundlJulv 1«
.'[China and Japan |July T>
.Oyster Harbor |July 17
. China and Japan [July 17
. Hamburg (July 17
. Honolulu I July 17
.(Seattle IJuly IS
JHumbolrtt July 1*
.|Oyster Harbor ljuly 13
.San Diego jJuly is
.'Coos Bnv.....'. IJuly 18
.IOy»t<sr Harbor IJuly 19
.jXar.almo (July 19
.iCrencent City IJuly 19
. Portland July 19
. Taeoma July 19
. Taeoma IJuly 20
. New York July "0
. Newport July 70
. Coos Bay JJuly V)
.IPolnt Arena (July V>
. Victoria Muly 21
. Portland July 21
. Humboldt July 21
• lOyster Harbor July 21
C ITime ITIme Time ITimel
£ **¦ Ft. Ft. Ft.
* H Wl L Wj H W JL. W
18 ... 1:45) 5.1 7:S6i 0.5 2:56 6.5 8:49 1.7
17 ... 2:521 4.7 8:42 1.1 3:37 6.6 9:M 1 3
IS ... 4:05 4.3 9:32! l.« 4:23 B.8 11:01 OS
19 ... 6:25 3.9! 10:26 2.2 6:10! 5.9
L W H W L W H W
W ... 0:11 0.5 6:4$ 3.9 11:23! 2.7; 6:03 S.O
51 ... l:lS 0.0 »:0« 3.9 12:271 3.o! 6:i7| 6.1
22 ...| 2:171—0.4 f:15 4.l| 1:20! 3.01 7:;2! 6.1
Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery Association,
CREMATION,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAS A MEMBER OF ANT
OROA-NIZATION having a presiding; officer
and secretary th« charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for th* ashes and Orran services
li }30. The same for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Superlntendenu .
yvie/*.\/o"v* dt c:o..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
123? Market St.. between Sth and 9th.
Telephone Bouth 247.
Zealand and Australia. .Wed.. Aug. 8. 8 p. m.
I. 0. SPRECKELS Ji BROS. CO., Agts^. H« MontstMnen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific SL Freight Otfice.327 Market St
OCEAXXC S. S. CO.— HOXOtlTl-U, APIA
AUCKtAM) A>1) SV1JNEV.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only).
Wednesday. July 25. 2 p. m.
8. S." ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New-
July 1S| Westernland .Auirust 1
July IS' Kensington ..August 8
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery street.
Frlesland
Scuthwark
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
HED STAH LIN2.
New Yorl^ aod Antiv»»%
Stopping at Chorhourc. westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a.- m.
pt. Paul..'.. July ISfNew York ...August g
St. Louis JulySj'St. Paul. August 15
nw TOZK. SOUTaiMFTOIl. L(RrS05. P1.SIS.
AMERICAN LINE.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st Tel. South 1«7.
ICKERAL riEEGTOBS AND EMBALXZE3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rate*.
(Successors t<> Flannagran & Gallagher).
DANIKL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
/ ?0 Fifth *t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
On or abont Jaly 23d.
For passage and other particulars apply to
EMPIRE LINE. 30 MONTGOMERY ST.
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.. 139 POST ST
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT TO
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
S. S. OHIO,
AUCTION SALES
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer,
, WILL SELL THIS DAY (MONDAY), at 11
o'clock a. m.. at SE. CORNEIt WEBSTEK
; and GEARY STS.. the STOCK and FIXTURES
* of a first-class and new grocery and har.
' - EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
£* AUCTION £^
THIS DAY.
MONDAY. July 16, 11 o"cloclc. of HORSES at
\ SN'ITZER'S STOCKYARDS. Twelfth and
i Harrison sts. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
i £* AUCTION! ~^
TUESDAY. July 17. 1W). at 10:30 a. m. Two
carloads fine horses. Outside horses sold rn
' commission. II per head. OCCIDENTAL.
I HORSE EXCHANGE. 7-M HOWARD ST. •
\V. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Paclfio Coast Steamship Co.
DIRECT.
The New and Talatlal ?l*»\ Steamship
SENATOR
WILL SAIL FROM
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
OAf OR ABOUT
AUG. 6 and SEPT. 6.
Passengers are advised to inspact the Senator
beiore purchasing tickets via other steamers,
as her second-class and stterape acccmme.la-
tlor.s are superior to th* flr«t-class accommo-
dations on most of the <tt?amer* advertt^^d for
1 Nome. The Pacific Coast Steamship Co. has
been running its steamers t.-» Alaska— winter
and summer — for 25 years and Is the Pioneer
Paclflc Coast Line. For further information
Inquire of H. H. LLOYD. Ocean Dock. Seattle.
Waah.: N\ POSTOX. Hit Washington »t.. Port- i
land. Or.: W. PARRIS. 124 West Second St..
Loa Anseles. Cal.: GOODALL. PERKINS A
CO.. Gen. Agt».. 10 Market st. TICKET OF-
; FICE— 4 New Montgomery st.. San Francisco. ,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamera leave Broadway i
wharf. San Franci»co:
l^fc^. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. ni..
Vvf tli ©V -1 ' lv r '- ;r '- :: - '"'• Aupust 4
1^ vfe^tfSS* ( -* h ancp to rom^ny'* sfirr.' 3 -'
{r$>vCs3 \^ =! ] Fcr Victoria. Vancouver < H. '
£jgaS^>?ni r >- Pert Townwnd. Seattle. '
•™^45<fe^t. Taron "' a - Everett. Anacort»s
and New Whatccm (Wash.)- |
"^ 11 a. m.. July 15. 10. 2Z. 3ft. !
August 4. and every fifth Jay thereafter. '
Change at Seattle to this company's rteamers ,
for Alaska and G. N. R'y.: at Tacorr.a to N. P. i
R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
Fcr Eurek.t. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. .lulr
12. 17. 23, 27. August 1, and every filth day
thereafter. •
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Pan Simeon. Cay- j
ucf«. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). GavliHa. I
Fnnu Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. :
East Fan Pedro (Los Aneeles) and Newport— •
9 a. m.. July 14. 18. 12, *«i. CO. August 3. and ,
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diepo. stopping only at Port Har- |
ford fSan I^uls Oblspo). Santa llarbara. Port i
Lo» Ansreles and Redonda <Los Anpeles)— 11 a.
m.. July 12, lrt. 20. 24. 23, August 1. and every
fourth day thTPafter.
For Ensenada. Mairdalena Bay. San Joae d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. I-a Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 1') a. m., 7th of each !
month.
For further Information obtain company'*
folders.
The company reserves th» rlitht to chance '
steamers, galling dates and hours of sailing I
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery,
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. On. .Aerr.ts.
10 Market St.. 5an Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Fr>ear-meet Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class .nciuding dsrii i
lAlit $3 Second Clan crta .V.eals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA rails
...Iiilv 12. ?2. Aur. 1 !
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. 27. Auk. S
Short line to Walla Walla, Fpokane. Dutte. |
Helena and all points In the Northwest. ;
Through ticket* to all points Fast.
E. C. WARD. General Affent.
«30 Market »t..
GOODALL. PERKIX? * CO..
Superintendents.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY |
Will DI?rat:h for
inotvie:, i
PORT CLARENCE, CAPE YORK AN9
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant. Commodious. Fast At Passes- j
cer Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-five hundred ten*' dlsplr-'ement.
ABOUT 1.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
:ro Market st. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
v ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., '
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling a:
Kobe (Hloco). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and <
connecting «t Honekonc with steamers for In- j
dla. etc. No cargo received en board on day j
of sallinc .
SS. AMERICA MARL"
Friday. Aujrust 3. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ f
Wednesday. August 13. 13C0 |
SS. NIPPON MARtT
Saturday. September 22, 1900 (
Via Honolulu.
Round-tHp tickets at reduced rates. For '
rrelght and passage apply at company's efftv. '
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent
":03IPAa>*IE OCHERAtE THASSATLAKTIQOE. j
DIRKCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -f-n^m
Sailing: every Thursday Instead of <<TTr*n >
Saturday, from November 2. 1ST.3. at -T^*«*S»
10 a. m.. from Fier 42. North River, foot of
Morton Ft. I^\ BRKTAGNE. July 19; LA | .
CHAMPAONE. July *S: LA TOCRI.VE. Aurust
2; L'AQCITAINE. August 9. First class to
Havre, $S2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, 1^5 and Upward: 5 cer cent reduction on
round tHp. GENERAL AOKNCT FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad- '
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coast Agents. 5 Mcnt-
Romerv avenue. San Francisco.' ., _ ; ,
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MO.N., Tues., V\«rd., Thurs. anil Sat. at »:43
a. m.; S:li, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nljcht); Frl-:
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:i0 a. m.. S
p. in. Landing and office. Mixslon-street Dock. >
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main U0&
FARE 50c. 1
.^^_^ATXROA£JTnAVEL. |
HORTH PACIFIC GOAST RAILROAD. :
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commenelnr- April K. 13P*.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL V-ALLET '
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. •!:», 9;J0, 11:00 ». n.. !
12:45. 'IMS. J:15. 4:15. 'aili. «:». «:49 p. ni. !
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa ;
Rafael, on Mondays. -Wednesdays. Saturday* i
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:0O. •$:«. •9:00. »l(f:00. ll:eo. U» !
a. m.; 12:45. •!:»). 2.U «3:C. Z.00. <:0a. TJ» {
p. rn.
11:CO a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun- '
ters.
Tralm marked <•) run to San Q'jentln. ,
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANC13CO. '
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. ««:S0. T:50. k:40. «10:U iL '
m.: U:K>. 1:15. J:1S. *I:30. 4:30. 5:39 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays '¦
and Saturdays at S:45 and l»:20 p. m
BCNDAYS-«:t$. •S:M.'»9:3O. •11:00a. ni • »U t* !
rn.: 1:CO. 2:15. •3:20. 4:30. '1A1. C:45. 1:30. io':ll
p. m.
Trains marked (•) i>tart from San Qaentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-R:^. «:«. $M. j :^ t 19:M '
in.: 12:S5. 1:41 *:«3. »:C0. 4:10. 5:20 iv in
EXTRA TRIP^ _on Monday*. V.edursJay* i :
and Saturday* at 7:10 and 10:M p. m.
SL'NDAT.^SlSG. 8:C5. 18:0S. 11:10 %. m.- 121i !
1:20. 2:30. 3:lv 4:5J. MS. 7:03. 10:OT p. n. :
TllROL'ail TRAINS.
T:CO a. m. week days — Cazadero and way na-
tion*.
3:15 p. in. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta*
tlons.
S:1S p. m. weekdays (Saturday* cicepted)—
Point Reyes and way station*.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Caxadero and war sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Poiat Reyes and w»
ftattpT1«_
OCEAN TRAVEL.
KE.iL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
IToP— MUST be sold at once; owner going to
N'jr.e; ri.fxlI4; LiM st., near Dolores; street
sewered and erased and ready for building:
rood location ror fiats and near car line and
in line ff cood iuiprovenients ; part ea#h. If
nece^an. Apply owner, S. II. SMITH. 707
Mi stcomcry m.
A RESIOEXCB on Harrison st., near broad-
c»upr. Omkimat: J^iOO. Address Box 1S3S. Call.
ItBAL ESTATE — COUSTKV — F«r Snle
IK sxw want a cer.u'.ne bargain see this fine
stock f^rm: "00 acres: near Jt. K. town: Si
rr.ties from this city; price about cost of lm-
j ; rovcm<>nts for culck sale to olose an estate;
photofrapha and full particulars this office.
K. II. CltAXE. aa California st.
MARLN CO.. :5 miles from S. F.— $4» to ISO per
r- re; choir* itnds In tracts of all sIzm; im-
r.Tove<! fmm», chicken ranches, hay. grain,
trcn ar.ii 'f^ct»b!e lands: ensr tenrie; rail
ar.i -wat«-r transit; coed schools. HOME AND
FARM <'<:. rocm 2. Sth floor. MUla bldg.. S.F.
BOSS Valley house, ten rooms end outho'ii^s.
larpe (i-aiiunds wjth shade trees, near station:
Kflle or rent; *!m) acreaB<» tracts, wooded, K0Q
JJ-0 an acr«. JAMES TUNSTEAO, Ban An-
KllBO.
t3 ACRES choice •¦ranfff and erai:> lar.d; title
r*rf«H-t: taxef lf"t<i paid; resrrvoir on land;
price SOW. SCHWIZINHARD & CO.. 112 Mar-
ket St.
FOR ss.'* cr rer.t. at Miil Valley, two 5-room
cottager: m^-jern iniprovem-nts; fruit trees
ar.d vir.e« cf even.- variety. Address J.
ADAMS, Cr.rte MatJera. Cal.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of th»
i r «i «T.r.che« on my SALE and EXCHANGE
lift. Mere thnn ail cthT agents in this city.
N. D the land scent. 6 Geary.
A PRINTED list. M. GRIFFIN. Tl? Market;
city and country property sold and exchanged.
E23Sa— REDUCED: I acres rear Pan Joae: all or-
chard: hou5e. we'.!, etc. SPARROW. 9 Geary.
BOOHS FOK UOL'SCKEKriXG.
A FLAT cf 4 beautiful large roon-.s. wide hal
stationary tubs, with bath, completely fui
rlfhed i«>r h3useke<"D:n«: boC and cold watei
pas snd telephone; new house; fine view
bealthy location; in a email, private family
no children wanted; rent reasonable. 4£
Twentieth st. , near Castro.
BRYANT. E:R— 4 sunny housekeeping rooms. !
rear; ler.t JS
FIFTH, 5??— A suite cf connecting housekecpln
rooms; also ctber rooms, first floor.
FIFTHT3:S-3 furnished housekeeping. 112; als
one. J7; sine> bedrooms. 14 and (3.
GEARY. S>4— t^unny rront rocm; one back room
lljrht housrkeeping.
HOWARD, J r Cl— 2 connecting, completely fur
r.lrhed housekeeping raorct; running water
also others.
HYDE. <1I nimjij suite, complete for house
keeping-; also riafement suite. $i$.
HYDE. 1*24 — 3 sunny connecting rooms furnish
*>d lor housekeeping; 2 bed*, coal stove: flS
LEWIS. I*, off Taylor, near Tost— S furn'.'he,
end 2 ur.fu;nlfhed.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary-Sunny b«y-wln
<Jr>w room, mantel and pas: suitable for tw
peraoss: no.
OTAP.F.nm TAJ — Nicely furniFhed rooms, com
r-let* for hou?>eke.^j>!r.a-: 112 to $15.
SEVENTEENTH. -""• r.-ar Guerrero— 3 cr
furnished room; fmnt and back parlor.
SIXTH. 136— Front and back parlors: suitabl.
fcr office: also roorr.s for ll«ht housekeej/ing;
BOCTH PARK. W-T«n sunny room?, nlcel;
furnished for housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 4T5. r.r. Sixth— 3 rooms, complete foi
housokeji-r.j; JiC.
Tl'RK. TCT— 2 unfurniyhed rooms ar.d kitchen
With £!.'V\ ¦
A BKAXCH odec for <"all a.ivertlferr.entp anil
Fubscrij-tlcns tas be*n established at I'.^i Va-
lTir'.a .<¦!.
KOOHt iu l,i;X 1 urn. and Infarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US Sixth-Room?
rr.c to Jl per night. $1 13 to 15 per week. anO
light housekeeping; cpen all night.
BUBXETT, 142* Market Ft. «ol<l No. I364»— Fur-
n'.^hed rms.. euit<*s. single: also unfurnlrhed.
EDDY, VA— lArg* d^siratje room for gentle-
man; closet: running water; bath; 'phone,;
pnv«le family.
KLLIS, 62S. cor. Larkln— Sunny front room;
folding l*d: \\>l«bach light?; suitable for two.
FOLfiOM. f-65. cor. «ith «The Oliver*— Newly fur-
nished sunajr roctam. s • .- » or fult»j; reisor.b'.
CEARY. 4«iThe Navarre)-Eiegantlyfurnished
r . rr.s; suUcs or single; travelers acco' dated.
UP.AXD BOCTUERJC. mctJMHirt c«rn»r Seventh
• nd Micslon ns.— Sunny !<vim«, en suite or
i ; ladies' parlor; reading rocm; elevator.
GRKKN. 417— Nice Isrre. furnished room; suit-
able for one cr two; rent SC.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; tingle; tran-
f'er.t; lath?. Mil?. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HCWARI*. ?«?. <or. Cth— Nicely furnished sunnj
rocniK i»asonaljl»: by day, weok or month.
HOWARD. 1609. near Twelfth-Rocms. clean,
r*"W and sunny: references.
MARKET. l*.<" : r — Sunny front rooms; furnished
or unfurnit-hed.
UASON, "19. r.r. OFarrell-Newly fura. rms.,
J6. %'•• i*r w*>k; re?;>«>ctab!e: trans. ;.'A:-$i day,
McALUsTER. ICISO — Very eunny front room
<juiet; 15. 0
MINNA. ;fc-Nlee sunr.y, furnished, slngli
rooms; T&c r*r week.
MINNA. Ot— Nicely furniFhe-I front single and
d^uMe rooms; reasonable.
illNNA. 6CT. cor. Eichth-New furnished bay-
•window room. Jl per week: transient.
SKEW Arlirpton. 1015 Market— Nicely furninhed
roams; ;ic a day up; tl a week up; transient.
NINTH. Mfr-fiaaxr/ frort rocm to let; }"- pet
month: private family.
OTAHRELL, 2't— gunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; ejectrte lights: day, trk., mo.
ri-VE. r:'^— TTxtra larjre sunny alcove; also large
bark r.x-m; bath, pas and telephone:
POWELL. 121— Light, clean rmi.; suites or sin-
gle: transient; running water: rates reduced.
ROfEDALE Ilou*e. 31?and MI Eills St.— Rooms.
niirht. ire to II: week, tl 25 to J4; open nijrbt.
ROYAL HOl"PE. 126 Ellis st.-Incanfiescent
Mjcht. reading room, rmcklnR room and ladles'
parlor: rooms. p»r r.igrht. Z^f to SI &0: week. I!
to |X; month. SS to $20; elevator on office Boor;
room« with hot and cold water; baths.
6ACRAMENTO. €45 — Neat furnished rooms;
private family; SI and upward.
6HER55AN Apartment House, Z% Eighth St.,
negr Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
THE OAKS. Hi Third— A rood roomir.<r houae
for rood people. R. HL'GHES. proprietor.
CLAF?IFIifi_> aar»rti»»ment« and subscriptions
received at Call branch (ffi?e. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
trubscrlptlons has been established at :•'-¦¦> Va-
lencia at.
CHEAPEST end b*5t In Amerlea-The Weekly
Call. It pares, sf-nt to en;- address In the
t-'nit^fl States or Canada one year for |L
poFtiure psM.
ROOMS AND DOAIID.
A SPECIAL offer to teactoers: exceptionally a.t-
trsctive Interior and table. SC7 California st.
LAS PALMAS. is:o Market ft.-Sulte of 2 or i
rrr.s. : private: bath: t-ln. rms.: board optional.
SPECIAL XOTJCES. ¦-, I
THE Glrl«' Directory Orphan Asylum elves
r '••-«- that the following orphan, half-orphan.
ftbftDdoncd chil'lren itnd foundlings liave
been rec«-lv»3 Jn the orphanare from Decem-
ber 2!, l?r<5. to Juns 30, 1W0: Mary K!I!s-
m-orth. 7 leers 1 month; Annetta. 11 years I
xncnthr, ant Mary Ccales. 6 jor»; Elsie. 18
5'«ar« 4 n.or.the. Ethel. 10 years 4 months, and
LiUle Co!»man, 1! years 2 months; Ella, 7 yea n»
t months and Muriel Dunn, 4 years C months:
Berth*. 7 years and Mabel £IverBt«i. 8 years
« mom ha; Ida Durham. 9 y*m.rm S months; Ma
Jtocca. a y«-%r? 7 month! 1 : liargaret faprackllnfr.
I years 3 months; Ruth Hurbert. 3 years 4
fcrmtha; Mana crime. Z years; Mary, 7 years,
Ar.nie. 4 years, and Margaret Harrlgan. Z y?ar*;
Que^rie lier.r.y. 7 years 6 months; Mary St.
I>eEr!s. 2 y^arr 4 months: Annje, t years 10
months. Francis. 6 years 4 months, and Em-
ira Kiel, 4 years; Irene, I years, Evallne, %
years. Kate. 4 yearj. and Margarrt Hurley. 8
y-ars; Th»>r«"sa. 3 years and May Skelley. 8
yesrr; llary Ryan. < -years 1 month; Ancela
Ar.derron. 3 years: Fa rah TJIrich. 9 years 2
months; Irer.e Hughes. 1 yeam 4 months;
Laura Lane. 7 years 5 month?; Emma Spreck-
les. 10 yetj-s 4 months; Alice Manheim. »
years C months; FTancIa Lyons, 11 years 2
months; Florence Hughes, S years 2 months;
Harry Coleman. 7 years 10 months; John
K*e!ey. S yean 5 months; Harry Maddox, S
years > months; John Johnson. 7 years; Ches-
ter Roman. 6 years; George Slvertsen. 4
years 6 months; Qeorre ' Tribon, 2 years 2
trxmhs: Franris Pratlus, S years 11 months;
Frank Hunt. 3 years ! month*; Charles Haldt,
5 years C month*: William MeCoJIourh. 2
I-ears 9 months; Walter O'Farrell. 1 year 3
months; Louis Montr*. 9 years; Harold, 4
years, and Edward Clln*. 2 years 6 months:
WM'.am Harrigan. I yeam C months: Thomas
Xurran, 2 y«««rs :. months; Willie. 2 year* «
months, and Ednard Lane. S years: Gecnzs
Gcnrales. 7 years 3 months: John Ulrtch. «
year* 1 month; Joseph Uasana. 4 yea-j; Wil-
Harn Putt. 3 menths; Thomas McLauehJin. 2
years 7 mcrths; Paul Vaadoor, 4 years 11
roonttis. * " •' ¦•-.»-
BAD ter.ar.ts e;ected for 14; collections made;
rlty cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. <15 MoEtccsnery eU. room* I-W; UL UM. |
SPECIAL NOTICES.
' NOTICE.— The Secretary of the San Francisco
Protestant Orphan Society herewith give* no-
tice that the following- orphan and half-or-
phan clrls and boys have been received at the
MFj-luin. on Halght *t., from January 1. 1900,
to July 1. 1900: Alice C. Nelson. 10 yrs. t
moo. : Ma$g:le Green. 13 yrs.; Margaret 8.
Alexander, 7 yrs. 9 mos.; Amelia Rasmussen,
7 yrs.; Rose Ra— nuesen, 1 yr. S mos.; Mabel
Gorden. 9 yrs. 11 mos.; Helen W. Bosch. I
yr*. 3 mos.: Florence J. Bosch, 3 yrs. 6 mos.;
Vivian Anderson. 7 yrs.; Edna Anderson, i
jts. 10 mos.; Rosle f-mlth, 3 yrs.; Lilian
• Sherk. 11 yrs. ; Clara Shenk. 9 yrs. ; Estella
Shenk. 5 yrs.: Annie Shenk. 1 yr. 10 mos.:
Agnes Kelly. 7 yrs. « mce.; Florence Kelly, t
vrr. Georce A. Held. 10 yrs.; Dur.can Mc-
i*>an. 7 yrs.: Clarenc* D. Alexander. 9 yrs. 9
moe. : Rcbert Alexander. 2 yr«. S mot. ; Cart
Giecke. S yrs. 6 mos.; Joseph Geary. 5 yrs. 10
mcs.; Carl Morse. 7 yrs.: William McK. Gor-
«'.en. 4 yrs.; George E. Brsch. 10 yre. 1 mos.;
j Frank Bosch. 6 yrs. 6 mos. ; Charles Bosch. J
i yr«. : mos. : Edward Anderson. 9 yrs. 9 mos. ;
Wrcy Fmlih. & yrs. 1 mo.; Walter Smith, 8
yrs.; Joseph Smith. 6 yrs. 11 mos:: Laurence
Davis, C yrs. 9 mos.: Chester Davis. 4 yre. S
mos.: Philip Kelly, f yrs. 5 mos.. and John
, i Primus. 11 yrs. 7 mos.
ItOOMP rapered from $3: whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Taint Co.. 31? Third.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
| anteej. Chat. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. llth.
1 ALL kinds bought. Bold, exchanged, rented,
repairing at lowest rates. C05 Fourth Ft.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storace and moving; .covered
! vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 7CI.
; ; PACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Moving Com-
j pany. 1320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
I BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.
I tel. Main 1S40— Packing, moving and storage.
! j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
II pares, in wrapper, for mailinc. SI per year.
j TYPEWRITERS AXI) SUPPLIES.
i GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W«
1 ' sell better machines for less money than any
: house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
I Exchange. Hi California, telephone Main 266.
. ' A TYPEWRITER, brand new. for J50. R&
. VALK. 40? California st.
!i BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
i
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
j
FINEST BUYS IN BERKELEY.
I $IC»-6-room cottage: lot 40x130 feet; 5 min-
utes' walk of university; elegant view of bay.
j etc.; lot Imx-roved with choice fruit trees; a
j snap; terms to suit.
t3300— Elegantly situated lot, 7jx135; 1 block
j of university; the only one to be had in this
i vicinity.
j J5<"iO — New modern 9-room house: corner lot.
j adjacent to V. C. ; the last one left of six;
; must be sen to be ar>t>rec!ated.
WLRTS,
. 1 W2i Broadway.
I Oakland.
; FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
1 TO LET— On Hich Kt.. Frultvale. 30 acres of
land, with hnu!«e and large barn; good water.
Apply ADOLPH UNGEK. 322 Montgomery st.
i OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLA.Ml REAL ESTATE.
BIT DOWN TOWN FOR BIG RENTS.
>2^00 — Rents JIS per month; corner store with
fat cf 5 rooms and stable; good business loca-
tion: B blocks from Broadway; very sunny;
street work ail done; sopd tenants.
I 12100— Pays $*l per month; 2 flats of 5 rooms
each within two blocks of Broadway, down-
town; pays over 13 per cent; owner away and
anxious to pell.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100« Broadway. Oakland.
A VERY PRETTT HOME.
$!4 per month; cozy new 5-roomed cottage;
j all modern: lot oOxl64 feet; elevated ground;
I near Frultvale ave. : total price only $1300; cash
I or Installments. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
lOrtg Broadway, Oakland.
I TO SAVE FORECLOSURE.
$2500 buys a beautiful S roomed nearly new
colonial style home In FTuitvale. with lot 73x140 j
feet en high ground; close to Fruitvale ave.;'
b«rn and lot of fruit trees; mortgage of $2000 is
pressing: euch chances are ecaroe and generally
eell quick. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
WE SOLD THOSE OTHER TWO.
$2VO_Modern cottage of 6 rooms, with hich
i basement; all In first-ola«s condition; right
I down town; terms can be arranged.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
Real Estate Brokers.
| 1D08 Broadway.
IX THE HEART OF OAKLAND.
I JROQO— Elegant 10-room cottape. with every
convenience; lot SSxI'4 feet; in choice residence
| location: handy to Fourteenth and Broadway;
I part cash If desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1WS Broadway. Oakland.
OWNER GONE TO ALASKA
I32.V) — Forced sale on account of mortfcajre;
| this fc-roomed comfortable dwelling with mod-
j *rn improvements; lot SOxKO feet, with sunny
J front. In the nicest location near Telegraph
ave.; street work all done, stone walks laid.
nice driveway, fruit and shade trees: a com-
! plete home at a sacrifice; positively must go:
j suitable for two families; will bring a good
rental. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1!K>3 Broadway, Oakland.
I =7:
J1SO0. Half cash; ? acres cljolnlr.g Richmond
Heights; 60 minutes to San Francisco; 20 min-
utes to Oakland; two railroad stations. Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific : worth double the price
asked; owrer must s<ell.
Fcr patlculars inquire,
LATMANCE.
Room 15, 612 Market s».. San Francisco.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO L_T.
JIT— CORNER cottape. n»ar Broadway.
J20 — Compl*t»]y furniehed cottage.
$25— Furnished S-room cottnjje.
J.V>— Nln*-room furnished dwelling.
We have a very cnmrMe Hit of house*.
•tor»*. flat*, etc. It you want a' place rive us
a c-all. GEO. W. ACFTIN* * CO..
1QQ8 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FL'nXITLnR FOIl SAL£.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhnas, the
furniture dealer, nth and Franklin, Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco. At a regular meet-
ln« of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held July 2. 1900. a dividend was declared for
the half year ending- June SO. 1900. at the rate
of ceven <7t per cent per annum, payable on
and after the 16th lntt. Transfer books will
be closed from the lOtb to the 16th in«t.. both
<!*y« Inclusive. GEORGE GRANT.
July ». 1300. Secretary- '
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 11 <twen-
ty-flve rents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be pavoble at the
ofnee of the company. .127 Market bi.. on and
afi*r Mondar. July 16. 1900 T-insfer book*
doped Tuesday. July 10, 1300, at 3 o'cl>ck
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. SI (twenty-
five cents p«T share) of the Hutchlnoon fugrar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
ofnee of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Friday. July 20th. l>00. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. July nth. 1900. at 1J
o'clock m . E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES—DEATHa
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by '
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
PRITCHAR1>-In this city, July «. 1900, to the !
wife of Owen Prltchard. a daughter. <
DIED.
Behm. Mary, Hayes. Annie J.
Hrennan. Mary J- H^enan. Acnes
Drawn. Kthel C. I furl jr. Michael
Hurk<>. Patrick LatiKmack. Jcfan
• 'assldy, Annl« I>oavy. Kate
Cereichlno, Mr«. C. Lindsay, Edward N*.
Conncll. Lillian M. Martin. Annie O.
Cutter. Horace F. Mayer, Elise
jV y«ut«. Liun ll'adf, James
Dunne, Bridget C. Obenauer. John
Kvans, Hannah P. Rellinger. Henry
Fritx. William H. Bchuldt, Minnie
Gallagher. Daniel J. Elmon. Herrmann L.
Vourt, Thorn aa F.
BEHM-In this city,- July 13, U00. Karr, be-
loved wife cf Joha C. Behm, daughter of Mre.
BAIXBOAD TRAVEL.
frtcTszRn* PAiinc coariBX.
(r*ciric stxtch.)
Train* •••»•• «•»•• •»•••» .«««. »• artlf* •«
man rutx«:iM'«*.
(Vain Lu». Foot of Market 3:re«t)
lx«tx — From Mat 13. 1300. — *»sri»a
¦TtOOA Cenlc!*. Snfs:iB, Elmlrs. V».-*»rj«.
Rumsej suit iiaeriuwiitn *7i't3y
•7:00a Shut* Eior-5s-I>»ti» Williams (.'or
DsrtlelS .Serin**). V.'iUowi. KeJ
¦ ¦ Bluff. Portland. •7><3«>
• Ji.-O 4 Marlinex. ¦-•»i> Umma, V*:!r;o. 2>ap».
CaliCof* » >Mi s * n< » "¦"** **:13p
'8:00a Da*lv Wixiliaod. K eight* Landlsg.
M»r»«»i:ie.«»roti;i«. «7:I3f
•SiOO* Atl%aHe Kjpr-u- '>S'!o-' anJ East *11:13*
lone, hsciftmeuto. PlaerttUle,
M .ryi»Ui», Citco. Keil Muff M:l3r
I M:3i»* Ott.!»>, Chimera (for YusemiteX
a.mor*. Cartrn. »-I«1Sp
•[>:DOt ll.ifu.;. Nu<*»ad W»» Station*. Ml i43*
•O:OUa Let Anfslas £ij>re*i — Martii.sx,
Trjc.T. LaUirupw O'.uitf-n, AJ.TCtd
ud *re»no MJs«r
»9z»mt V*;i-i... M<i:i:i<iiinl War Htatloat ••xl.ir
• I •»:!»«» Tha o»e*Ui><t i.ii't-ed— Ciie-j.. Deo-
»»r. u.i.utii. cbic*r> *Sit3r
•11:0* a Stirs, LWermore, dtocktnn. Saera-
Bient" MtiiildU. liinforl. VUall*.
IVrte»»l!l» Mil.lp
; •!*:»•» lli;nr>!9 .V!l« tnil VTi; Slitloui, *Sli4.1r
? l-.f»»r m»i-i tw.fniii l!i»e» ritetuioi* 13:O»a
I •:i-.n»r IUf null, Nili au.l Way Stations. *3U3p
•aMttfr Maitliiet. Matt JUmmi. V»!!tjo.
N»|i*. «.'•!:«'•..;•. tw.l* Itota MiilS*
i •liHWr I'.-iu.tv VFicten. 8ae>aw*i*Ot
W>mi>!.«i»1. K»l(hU imiiJiK.
M«r»««i:i», «>TMtil!» •¦•>¦•*
Mi3i»r M!«>. Mau JiwsandStnekVia *7il3r
•3:O«rTlia Owl IJiritwl— TracT. Frenno.
lUhknaeli). ctsiigna far Santa Cai>
bata. !..* ApmIm ••!«•*
•3:00 r Fr-.ji.o riueiifi-r— Mirtliirx. Lath-
rop. Riccktoo. Merreil. berrmU
jK«jTU"«"i f.-r Toxemit*). >r«u<... *13iISr
! •3i3ttr K«w Jrleen* Eiprai — llakenll-IO.
Mania llarbara. Lm Anzrles. Deu>-
l.ij. Kl r*">. Naw Orletus »ud
Kut ••««•*
I *3il»r H»nU 9m Uoutv— Allanlltl ExptMS
for Mi>:»i< ai»l K.it *dl«3p
; •dinor riaywrutU. Nilaa »» 1 .tan J»t •-.«•¦>»
t«:O»r V»I!«J" MaiI3p
' •«..O» r Oriental M v!l -Oj leu. Ctieyaana,
Omaba. Chtrago *I1i4Sa
•«>«0p Oriental Mail— Ofd^a. D»ater.
Ornatiu. Chicago. •¦iilSp
. 17:«Or Valiej.i. I'.,.-; i ¦„,'.* and Way dta-
tioui JI»:3T»
•SiOSp <lre».i» and CVifurnU Cit>roa«.Hao>
' i«i.iwila. MarjsillI*. . Itt.t.thif,
I f..rt'»...l. T'M t .> .H.......1 an<l >"»«» »»iIHa
tOASI HlflftltKI (Narron «MgtjL
| tp.xtrf V],rk»>atrt«t.)
I t7t43a Canta Crux Kzeurmloii for Aaota
Cr:.-. and friuH^l Way BUslona l«'63r
*tll9a Newark. C'"»Ur»ll!«,f!»iil..ito. K»lton.
Bon:<lerCrr«k,MatitaCriiiaud Way
Htation* •e«a«p
t3>l-1r ICavarb, CsnterTllla. Eas Joa«. Nair
Alma>!«n. SVlton. Rouider C'r.»ek,
i<aiita I riu tc I I'rlnciiul V7»f
Htallmis t ••!•¦»•*
•l«l!»p Newark. Sail Jom. Los Oatos •»•»•«
> «l:l3r Olon«roo4. Falton. Saofa Cru» *H:3*A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rriaSl* rXIICUCO— tttl »( lirkil Sinil iS i> I)—
*7:1» tOO IIUOa.M. t!83 # a:33 |3:S9
I »i:C3 tS::3 *C:C3f.M.
I fltBiOil'.ilS-fsit .'irjii«.T. — "«.C0 11:00 10:00*. «.
t»:S3 *1::3 1233 '3:53 H.S3 •IZ>M.
I'll 1ST IMTISIO1 dlroa I liAiiee).
j (Thlr.l »t.d To.nMh.l Sta)
' ttllOA Ocean VUw. tlimtb .-Ud »anci»co.. f«iJ«f
t~:*U4 Han Jo*. ...I IVa* HUtloii* (New
Atma4M UV.l. ».„:»,» ..,,lj) •l:l»r
I7:'4O» 8nn0ay Ricuraion '. r Han Jose,
Hante iniz. 1'i-iri.- Gro>« and
I'riiit;. t. VV«j riUtioaS 13:33*
I 'I un. Mau Jw. 1'rra I'liun. Mmita »'r-ir.
!'«...¦ Ur..««. fa»> II..I..1. itan
I.,.,, ill rt.,r' L'm.poe ao.l
l'i!i.el|.al \V»t Stat:..n« *-l:l«T
' •l»:IO« P» o Jam •>••! V/ay .-»»U .1 « 'HiXia
J *llt:tO« han.ioi»,L<M«aU>*a».nVajKtatioi>s *3t:i0r
taiiarHan M»{-... Knlwiod. Menlo r»i«.
Palo A!-o. baota Cl.tra. MaM .Iiik.
Tree fioos. H»nU C'ft*. Sallnaa.
Mouietrf ami I'arilio Cr if- 110:3(1 «,
t»:aap.Mto.loi«a>i-l Way Hl«iloni *?>3l»p
H:l3i- SanJuMa.ut I'ri r:[.«; War Hlatiunt "J: II*
t.t:onpSan .!...». Loa Gatot and IV: 1. elf*:
W«f AU!I«>'< »»S»»4
•3iS»p «auJii«iatMl Principal Way Station* t»:334
I "lin? i| -..In. , : ,,1 \V, T sr»r\»:,» t-»i«l>»
«ll:<3r Si'i Ju. m.l Way S>atl *~:30p
A for Unmini * p for A llariiaon.
• D»:!y. t »n»<<a» •iropt^d. t Sunday o»ly.
H Saturday naly.
a Saturdir and Suaiiar. e Suaday tod Moa.1»t.
I
SANTA FE TRAINS now have
sleepers between San Francisco
and Chicago; ye3. and to Fresno
and Bakersfield, that Just make
you sleep.
LOUIS XIV has nst been !a them
¦ fcr a minuta.
THEY'RE COMFORTABLE, taka
gzoi can* of you, a'.d ycu get up
atFresm cr Bakersfield feeling
like a bird.
ASK HIM ir It Isn't so at 628
Market s!raet, or Ferry Depor.
94103
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
SAIi FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PAC1HC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoa Ferry. Foot of .Market St.
SAM FRANCISCO TO SAJf RAFAEL.
WKEK I^ATS— 7:M. »^!0. 11:00 a. m.; X3:X\
1:8). 5:10. 1:30 p. ra. Thnnday»-Extr» trip
•t ll:S0 o. m. Saturdays— Extra Ulsa *t l:W
an<f i::io d. tn.
BVNDAT3— 8:W. »:». U:00 a. m.: 1:33. «:»»
6:00. «:I0 D. o.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAW FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50, J:». 11:19 a. m.; U:U,
t ¦¦<<>. 5:13 p. m . Saturdays— Extra tiiss at
1:!.' »nd » 33 o. m.
BVXDAT9-I:W, 9:40. UM a. m .; t:«L t.-«W
8:05, 1:13 p. ~.
Eetwe«n Pan Francisco and Sc_uatu_ Parti
¦area gehpdale «» above.
_Mtv« I In KTTect. I ArrtT»
Ban Francisco. [Apr. IS. 1830-1 Saa Fraact— «._
Week I Eua- I I Baa- I W»U
Day». f day. J I>atlnqtlsn.| day. I Day.
7-30 am 8:00 »ml Son ita. 19:40 ami 8:40 to
l:J0 prn S:30a— I PetaJuni a. «:06 pm[10:I5 at—
6:13 pm 1:00 pm| Santa Ro»a. 7:^ pm: t.to pm
Fulton. I
T JO am Windsor. 10'JB am
H»aldsbur»r.
Lytton.
Gey§ervlI1e.
t:tO pm S:60 am Clorerdale. 7:35 pm f:J0pB
TW ami j Hopland I |10:IS ana
S:tO pm) 8:00 am] anfl Uk'.ah. | 7:35 pmj S:» pa >
T:SO am W:!3 tSk
5:30 am Gucracrllle. 7:3S pm
l:8Cpm C:30p— I
7:J0 cm! S:C<? irr.i Sonorsa 9:15 am »:Oa=*
1 and
1:13 pra| S:CO pm' On Ellea. C:C5 pmj <:» pm
ISO ami 8:0n mm) il0:*0 ana '10:25 an»
8:tO pm! 5:00 pm| SeTnctcpoI. I 7:SS pmi 1:?0 cm
States connect at Santa Ro?a tor Mars VTnl
Sprtncs and Wh!t« Sulphur Sprinjs; at Fultcn
fer Alt— ina: at Lytton for Uyiton Sprtn«a: at
Oey»»T-rJlle for Fka^cs Pprln*««; at Clov«rdal»
for the G»7ier«: at Hopl»r.d for Duncan
Bprlni-, nigMnnd PprlnHrs. KelseyrlUe. Caxl»-
kad KprJnpt. Porfa Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Pprln^a: at t"*!a"-i for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Pprlnira. Blue L "tea. Laurel I>1! Laka. Wittar
Fr"lnr». t'PP'r L-ike. Porno. Potter VaUsy.
Jonn Day's. R!v«?rs!de. Uerlpy'i. Backaaira,
Fanhe^ tn H-l*hts. HullrllJe. Orr*« Hot
epri=s«. ifendtvlno City. Port BrorT. We«t-
port t'sal. 'WilHli. Laytonvllle. Cusimins.
U*U's Sprins*. Karris. Ol««n'». Dytr. Scott*
ant! Eureka.
Baturdar to Monday round trig tickets at
reduced rate*.
On Scnd-iy rwind trip tickets to all points
bevor.d t~an Rafa*! at half rat**.
Ticket nfPc«*«. CO Market ir.. CTiron'cTe bld|.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. P.TAN.
General llanarer. -. Gen. Pass. A*«at.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:30 a. m.. 1:_ and 5:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8. ». 10. 11 a. m.. 1:30. 2:1> p. ra.
Far«? fan Franel*co to Summit and return tl 40.
NKff TAVKRX OF TAMALPA13 N'OVT QPKN.
y^ "1^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
*5ftS?5A n2; ' l . iEASS '¦«¦ «"». _s»3t!sa«l
*ILXI* »*F» DI««*wa,Lt*tManhoi-t Debility or
qK^irtt«J»<!l«^aaew-eannfronbodyaadmindiind
s '* ln Diaea»«^. The doctorcu"«wheii
-TP^gJaaja others XalL Try him. CH*r<t« low.
r>ffif1u£— LJ< nrrasuaruntrt-.i. Callorwrltn
Or. J. *¦• biBBO.Vllot 1937.fiaa VW..+.
TOTING— In this city, July 14. 1900. Thomas
Francis, beloved son of Thomas and Jennie
Toung, and brother of WUlle, Robert and
Hanora Youncr, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 17 days.
CTThe funeral wllf take placa this day
(Monday), at 2 o clock, from the residence of
the parents. 11 Elizabeth street, pff Guerrero,
between Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Mary Dennlson. and sister of Annie, Katie,
Hannah. Llzxle and Joseph . Dennlaon and
i Mrs. M. Blythe, a native of New York, aged
23 years 1 month and S days. .
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral this day
• Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Mary's
Church, corner of California and Dupont
streets for services at 9:!0 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRENNAN— In this city. July 14, 1900. Mary
Jane, beloved wife of the late Richard Bren-
nan. mother of Peter E., D. J. and th» late
Margaret and Richard Brennan. and slater of
Caroline Byrne and the late Mrs. Margaret
Morgan, a native of County Down, Ireland,
aged 72 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, D. J. Brennan, 1435 Jackson street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
I Cemetery.
j BROWN— In this city, July 13, 1900. Ethel Ce-
celia, Infant daughter of Matthew and Annie
Brown, a native of San Francisco, azed 3
months and 3 days.
BURKE— In this city. July 15. 1900, Patrick
Burke, formerly of Halfmoon Bay. beloved
husband of the late Ellen Burke, and father
of Mrs. Harry Wlgglnton, Mrs. Ignatius*
Glynn, Mrs. Charles Roberts and Michael
Burke and the late Mrs. George Hodgdon.
and brother of Michael ar.d William and the
late Peter and James Durke^^a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged ia years.
CAP.SIDY— In the City and County Hospital,
July 15. lSOO, Annie Cassidy. a native of Ire-
land, aged 72 years.
CONNELL— In this city. July 15. 1900. at the
residence of her aunt. Mrs. A. C. Forsythe.
1324 Fulton street. Lillian Margaret, dearly
beloved and only child of John J. and Minnie
Connell, and granddaughter of the late Dan-
iel and Margaret Ilagerty, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 11 years and S days.
CyNotice of Interment' hereafter.
CEREGHINO— In Halfmoon Bay. Mrs. Caroline
Cerecliino. mother of Mrs. J. Lercari and
Adeline, Dora and Jopeph Curechlno. and sis-
ter of J. de Benedetti. a native of Italy, aged
4S years.
CCTTER-In this city, July 13, 1900, Horace F.
Cutter, a native of Boston, Mass., aged SI
years.
IT3*Funeral services this day (Monday), at
2 o'clock, at the Second New Jerusalem
Cliurch, northwest corner of Lyon and Wash-
ington streets. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
| tery.
DE VEUVE— In this city, July 14, 19CX>, Laura
de Veuve, beloved wife of the late Colonel
Henry de Veuve, and mother of Mrs. Freder-
ick G. Dodge. Prentips, James H., Clarence,
Earl. Gardner and the late Henry P. de
Veuve, a native of Mississippi, aged 61 years
10 months and .". day*. (Chicago. III., St.
Louis. Mo.. Galveston. Texas, and Richmond,
Va_, papers clease copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Episcopal Church, Fulton street, between
Webster and Fillmcre. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero street*.
DUNNE— In this city, July 14, 1900, Bridget
Cecilia, relict of the late P. F. Dunne, and
mother of Peter J.. James P., Thomas E..
Judge Frank H. and Alice Dunne and Mrs.
A. D. Sangster. a native of County Cavan,'
Ireland, aged 65 years.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral this day
(Monday), at 9:39 o'clock, from her late re»i-
fler.ee. 1457 Leavenworth street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the ret»os« of her
scul. comm-nclng at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
EVANS— In Oakland. July 15. 1900, at 528 Knox
plac*, Hannah P. Kvans, mother of Josephine
C. Evans and Virginia Evans Smith, a na-
tive of New Jersey, aged S2 years.
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend funeral services to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 11:20 o'plork, at chapel of Odd Fellows'
Crematory, San Francisco.
FRITZ-In this city, July 15, 1000, William Har-
old, beloved and only son of William nnd
Mamie Fritz, a native of San Francisco. ageJ
1 year and !< months.
CTRenulns at 2tW Natoma street.
GALLAGHER— In this city, July 14. 1900, Dan-
iel Joseph, beloved father of Joseph F. and
Raymond P. Gallagher, husband of the late
Nellie GallaKher, and son of the late Winnl-
fred Gallagher, a native or Boston, Ma».,
aged 4S years 7 months and 9 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence'. 117 Leroy place, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral for services, at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HAYES— A solemn requiem high mass (month's
mind) will be celebrated this day (Monday),
at 8 o'clock, at St. Charles Borromeo's
Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell streets,
for the repose of the soul of the late Mrs.
Annie J. Hayes. Friends and acquaintances
are respectfully invited to attend.
HEENAN— In this city. July 15, 1900, Agnes,
dearly beloved and only child of John F. and
Lizzie Heenan, and niece of Mr. and Mrs. F.
H. Nichols, a native- of San Francisco, aged
9 years. iNapa and Sacramento papers please
copy.)
CTFuneral and Interment private.
Hl'RLV— In the City and County Hospital.
July IS. 1900. Michael Hurly.
LANGMACK— In this city. July 14, 1500. John
Langmack, dearly beloved husband of Ama-
| lie Langmack. a native of Flensburg, Ger-
many, aged 37 years 11 months and 25 day*.
A member of Germnnia Stamm No. SS. U. O.
K. M.. and the Verein Concordia.
C7" mends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1<> o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 132 Hartford street, thence to U. O. R.
M. Hall. 510 Bush street, where services will
be held under the auspices of Germanla
Stamm No. 83, V. O. R. M., commencing at
2 o'clock. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LKAVY— In the City and County Hospital, July
15. 1600. Kate Leavy, aged 30 years.
LINDSAY— In this city. July 16. 1900, Edward
N.. beloved husband of Bonner Lindsay, and
father of Charles Edward and George Moore
Lindsay, aged 37 years and 1 month.
ICTThe funeral services will take place this
day (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, li30 Jackson street. Interment pri-
vate.
MARTIN— In this city, July 15. 1900, Annie G..
beloved wife of Louis Martin, and mother of
Robert, Jessie and Wallace Martin, a native
of St. Louis, Mo., aged 45 years and 11
months.
MAYER— In this city. July 13, 1900. Elise.
dearly beloved wife of Christian F. Mayer,
and mother of Paul Buchalter and Frederick
C. Mayer, a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged
69 years 5 months and 19 days.
CJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1226 Railroad avenue. South San Fran-
cisco, thence to Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter
ftreet, where services will be held, under the
auspices of the San Francisco Frauen Vereln.
commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN.—To
the officers and members of the San Fran-
cisco Frauen Vereln: Tou are hereby re-
quested to assemble at Druids* Hall. 413 Sut-
ter street, this day (Monday), at 1 o'clock,
to attend .U*» funeral of our late member,
Mrs. Elise Mayer. By order
MRP. RUMMEL, President.
MR?. A. MAAS. Secretary.
MEADE— In this city, July 14, 1900, James
Meade, beloved son of Patrick and the late
Jennie Mftade, and loving brother of John
and Kathleen Meade. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years and 10 days.
4^7-Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:S0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 230 Filbert street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
OBENAUER— In Alameda, July 14. 1900, John,
husband of Ernestine Obenauer. and brother
of George Obenauer, a native of Darmstadt,
Germany, aged 79 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. HIS Cottage street. Alameda. thence to
I. O. O. K. Cemetery, San Francisco, for cre-
mation, by 1 o'clock creek boat from foot of
Broadway. Oakland.
REILINGER— In Oakland, at 1113 East Twenty-
first 6treet. July 15, 1S0O. Henry, beloved hus-
band of Mrs. Clara Rellinger. and father of
Sam Rellinger. Mrs. TUlle McGaw, Mrs. A.
Lazarus and Edward N. Rellinger, a native
of Reeling, Germany, aged 73 years 10 months
and 17 days
SCHULDT— In Oakland, July 15, 1900, Minnie,
beloved' wife cf Henry F. Schuldt, and
mother of Henry and Luclft Schuldt, a native
of Darmstadt, Germany, aged 35 years and 11
days.
SIMON— In this city. July 15, 1900, Herrmann
Louis, beloved fath'r of Louis and Alfred
Simon. Mrs. Lionel Heynemann and Anna
Klmon. a native of Germany, aged 65 years
S months and 4 days.
[CXNotlce of funeral hereafter.
Th© enlarged use : of crown fillings or
complete groTd teeth that has been devel-
oped In the last ten years has taken from
our gold supply a very large quantity of
the -metal.Baby Elk at the Park.
A baby elk was born at the park yes
terday afternoon. The little fellow will
be numbered henceforth among the "at
tractions at the glen. The keeper re
ports that "mother and -baby are doing
welL" '^-mm
Native Sons.
Mount Tamalpais Parlor Xo. 64 gave a
moonlight, outing and hop Saturday at
Escallcs resort, near San Rafael, In aid
of its 1Q00 celebration fund. There was a
large attendance: of pleasure seekers, who
enjoyed; a* well arranged pron-amme of
dances. Tho affair was under the direc
tion of the ninth of September committee
consisting of J. Emmett Hayden, chair
man; W. F. Mattee, . secretary; William
Dreypolcher, M. F. Cochrane, William Ede
¦L. Hughes, A. Scott, Slg. Herzog and F*
M. . Angellotti. . ...
Cut in the Hand.
• F. A. Brown of 716 Ilaight street ap
plied at the Harbor Hospital for treat
ment last evening. He had a knife wound
in the hand, and refused to state how he
received it. It. is the opinion of the doc
tors that the young man attended a pic
nic across the bay and received the cut In
a fracas. . .',..-
Russian Found Dead.
M. Wojwoda, aged 47 years, a Russian
by birth and a saloon-keeper by occupa
tion, was found dead in his bed at 672
Fourth street at 7 o'clock yesterday morn
ing by Ed Horwege. Wojwoda had been
drinking heavily of late.
Walkover Opening To-Day.
Best shoes for $3 50 you've ever seen.
Everything new: to-day's the first day!
Glad to have you stop and 1 listen to the
music and see the shoes. Walkovei Shoe
Store, F. F. Wright, proprietor, Baldwin
Annex. Los Angeles store. 111 South Spring
street. •
A Victim of Thieves.
Gottfried Briner, a waiter who arrived
In this city from San Jose two days ago,
reported at . the California-street Dolice
station that he had been robbed of $150
in some saloon, either on Kearny or Third
street, last evening. Briner was partially
intoxicated, and does not remember where
ho lost his wealth. He "did the line"
along the two streets, and when he ar
rived at the corner of California and
Kearny streets the money was missing
from his pocket.
Olympus Parlor.
The following: named were installed as
officers of Olympus Parlor, N. S. G. "VV"
by District Oeputy Grand President
O'Gara Saturday evening: W. M. Abbott
president: Frank Slattery, Julius Eppsteln
and Frank Burns, vice presidents; Andrew
Mocker, financial secretary;; J. Kilroy. re
cording secretary; Walter Phelps, treas
urer: R. Taylor and D. Holliday. trustees-
Charles White, marshal; P. Cullin. inside
sentinel; O. Ostrandor. outside sentinel A
very pleasant social followed the installa
tion. \ -
The Coin Is Lying in the City Treas
ury Heady to Be Dis
tributed.
When Lieutenant Colonel Charles H.
Murphy. N. G. C. visited the School
Superintendent's ami State Controller's
office at Sacramento on Saturday- ho
found that of tho $73,53)5 11 Inheritance tax
to be distributed amonp the public schools
San Francisco v.as to get 21&: per cent, or
This amount will be available for pay
ment of teachers' unliquidated demands
for salary for November and December
1898. The entire sum will be distributed
among the teachers. In accordance with
the late compromise between the teach
ers' executive committee and the mer
chant creditors.which provides that teach
ers shall receive all November salaries
before the merchants' share iw the distri
bution. With what will be received on
January 1. 1901. there will be Jess than
one months salary due the teachers
When this money has been received the
total will aggregate 95 per cent of one
month's salaries, which is a pratifyine re
sult of the action of the teachers' execu
tive committee. The money is now in
possession of the municipality, and is
ready for distribution.
TEACHERS ARE NOW TO GET
NOVEMBER SALARY MONEY
National Guardsmen Make Fairly
Good Scores With Pistol at
Fifty Yards.
The members of Troop A. N. G. C. held
their regular monthly pistol practice shoot
at the Shell Mound 50-yard range yester
day with the following results:
Captain C. Jansen 24. lieutenant K. A. Burre
37, Sergeant -W. Balllnger; 32, Sergeant G.
Cooke.lS. Trumpeter T. Ensle 34, Corporal R.
C. ffreenln>?er 31, Corporal C. Tate 32, r'ornornl
O. E.. Potter 32. F. Thomason 3S. G. I. Drew
35, A. Klunjf 3-.\ A. J. Martin 27, J. oumera
27. E. H. Schmidt 27, W. S. Hug^ins 27, G.
Gorshct-r 24. A. Henry 23. T. P. Gchmann 25.
J. F. Schmidt 23. H. Tiedeman. 21. A. Smith
IB, XV. Plagemann 12, T. Carlln 23.
MEMBERS OF TROOP A AT
SHELL MOUND RANGES
One Thousand People Spend Day at
Schuetzen Park Enjoying Games
and Dancing.
The tenth annual picnic of the County
Leitrim Social Club was held at Schuetzen
Park yesterday. About a thousand people
were present and participated in the danc
ing and games. The following is a. list of
the committees in charge of the picnic: ,
Arrangements— Peter McKeon. Thomas
Rooney, James Unhan, M. O'Reilly, D
Toonuiy, Thomas Lane. D. Tweedle, M.
Dulgrnan, M. McDermott, - James Bohan
Sr.. J. F. Grady and William Gllheany
Floor— James Reilly (manaeer). J. J. Mo.
gan, James Morton, Terence McManus and
Frank Conlan.
Games— P. C. Morton. Peter McKeon
John Lane. It. J. O'Reilly, P. M. McGush
ln and M. J. Moran.
Jig and Reel Dancing— B. Kevllle, P. C.
Morton and P. J. Meehan. .'
Cakewalk Contest— J. F. Grady M J
Moran and Matt O'Reilly. " "
One of the most interesting features of
the entertainment was the cakewalk
which was won by the two smallest' and'
youngest couple on the- floor. Marguerite
and Johnnie Cronin, two little tots Won
llrst prize, and little May Ducey and Mas
tor Frank Carroll captured second. The
club members had a good time and de
parted for the city on the late trains.
COUNTY LEITRIM CLUB'S
TENTH ANNUAL PICNIC
WILLIAM H. HALLETT.
N'OTHER local favorite in the person
|1 of William H. Hallett has come
1^ under the admirlnff gaze of William
I * H. West, the minstrel manager, by
* whom he has been engaged. Mr.
Hallett left yesterday for New York,
where he will join West's company as
principal barytone singer.
"When the troupe was in this city recent
ly "West "tried out" Hallett's voice and
after hearing him sing several ballads,
entered into a contract for the opening of
a new season in the latter, part of this
month.
Hallett started out on his professional
career three years ago and has appeared
with five different companies during that
time, always scoring a hit. He possesses
a barytone voice of resonant quality and
has a number of fine selections in his
repertoire. ;i ¦ • v ; ; . r. • .
Mr. Hallett ¦was for many years a well
known local amateur. He made his first
appearance with the Strathmore Quartet
some ten years ago. He was a capable in
terlocutor at many minstrel shows given
under the auspices of the Olympic Club
and other organizations. He Is the son
of Captain George H. Hallett, who is
connected with the administrative staff of
the Palace Hotel.
Two Hundred Men and Eight Officers
Return to Recruit Up the
Regiment at the
Front.
The home, battalion of the Eighteenth
Infantry disembarked from the transport
Hancock yesterday and went Into camp
at the Presidio just by the Lombard
street entrance.
There are lour companies to the bat
talion, but they are only skeleton organ
izations. Altogether there are not more
than two hundred men. The battalion is
made up of the unavailable men from the
other companies of the regiment— the men
who have but a short time to serve, and
officers and non-commissioned officers
sufficient to make up the outline of the
organization. Tho battalion is command
ed by a captain, and seven other officers
make up the commissioned complement.
The home battalion of the Eighteenth
is destined for Fort Kehoe, Montana, a
post practically as far away from civili
zation as the Philippines. It is one of the
theories of the home battalion system
that the battalion sent home will recruit
up the remainder of the regiment, but it
la little recruiting the home battalion of
the Eighteenth will do up in the "bad
lands" of Montana. For that reason it is
expected that while the present assign
ment is to Fort Kehoe, it will be changed
before the regiment arrives there, or the
assignment will be but for a short time.
The officers and the men are not par
ticularly pleased with the prospect, but
they take matters philosophically and
wonder only how long it will be before
they will start for their new home.
The luck of the Eighteenth has not been
up to the standard, for It has drawn hard
pos<..i since '71. In '71 It left the South,
where it had been stationed with head
quarters at Atlanta and companies at
surrounding posts, to take station in Mon
tana. It was there for a great many
years and then was sent to Texas. It
was in Texas for nine years, and then at
the outbreak of the Spanish war the regi
ment was started for Cuba. It got no
farther than New Orleans, for when it
reached there orders to hold It were re
ceived, and after seven weeks of lnacti%-
ity it was sent to the Philippines. It went
out in tho Second expedition and has been
in service In tho Islands for twenty-five
months. It was through the Spanish end
of the war in l^uzon and has put in the
remainder of the time in subduing the
Insurrection in the surrounding islands.
The home battalion is In command of
Captain Edson A. Lewis. First Lieutenant
Harold 13. Fiake is adjutant and the other
officers are First Lieutenant Elmer W.
Clark. First Lieutenant Murray Baldwin,
First Lieutenant Albert S. Brooks, First
Lieutenant William H. Jordan and Sec- I
ond Lieutenant Oliver S. Eskrldge. i
Not Elated Over the Pros
pect of Being Stationed
.at Fort Kehoe.
EIGHTEENTH'S
HOME BATTALION
GOES INTO CAMP
Rev. "William P. Chalfant, the mission
ary just returned from China, reiterated
in an address last night at the Calvary
Presbyterian Church his declaration that
had the foreign Ministers at Peking given
heed for the past two years to the warn
ings and appeals of the missionaries scat
tered throughout the provinces the anti
foreign movement could have been sup
pressed and the terrible events of the last
month been averted. He said that United
States Minister Conger, good man and
able dinlomat though he was, listened to
the Tsung-li Yamen, the Chinese Foreign
Office, instead of the nriepionaries, and
had very probably paid tho penalty of his
Rev. Mr. Chalfant has spent fifteen
years in missionary work in China, lie
has been stationed for several years past
at lchow Fu, in the North China province
of Shantung, a province which has 30,000,
000 people and 13,000 native Christians.
The subject of his s-ermon was "The Sit
uation in China." He spoke in part as
follows:
"As I stand here to-night and realize
that I am in my native land again my
thoughts so back to our little adobe
church in lchow Fu, where I so many
times stood behind the little table and
broke the bread of life to the dear ones
there. For they were dear to me. God
only know? where they are to-night.
"Kive years aaro things seemed bright
and hopeful in China. The young Emperor
had ascended the throne and gathered
around him progressive young men. Many
reforms were Instituted.
"In 1SS7 two German priests -were mur
dered. The German Emperor sent vessels
and men and seized the pdYt of Tsung-
Tau. The conseivative party grew reslve.
They a^ked. 'Why did not Germany seek
indemnity through the usuaj channels?'
Then came the plot against the Dowager
Empress, which was thwarted, and the
young Emperor was seized and a reign
of terror began.
"Instantly the effect was felt throughout
China. Those who had been anxious to
learn from the foreigners, though not in
the least interested in Christianity, no
longer came to the missions. Attacks and
outrages on missionaries were frequent.
Ordinarily the Chinaman is docile, but
when his worst passions are- aroused he
is a fiend inearnnte.
"Minister Conger was appealed to. He
is an able man, but rather conservative,
and he could not believe that things were
so serious as the missionaries represented
them. He went to the Tsung-li Yamen
and they said there had been no outbreaks
In the Shantung province, and he believed
them. Those earlier outrages were ex
perimental, as it were, and after waiting
to 5ee the effect the Boxers entered upon
more serious work.
"There Is no doubt of the sympathy of
the Government with the Boxer move
ment and of the aid given the Boxers by
the imperial troops.
"Had the foreign Ministers given/ hoed
to the warnings with which the mission
aries fairly bombarded them during two
year? the whole trouble could have been
avoided.
"The missionaries of the Shantung pro
vince are all safe.' At Peking there is
that terrible silence, and I fear the worst.
It is Incredible that so lonp a time could
have elapsed with no word from the lega
tions if the members had not all been
murdered."
Rev. William P. Chalfant Again
Charges the Foreign Ministers
"With an Ultra-Conserva
tive Policy.
Minister Conger Listened to
the Tsung-Li Yamen
Instead.
DIPLOMATS PAID
NO HEED TO THE
MISSIONARIES
SWEDISH LADIES HOLD
A SUCCESSFUL PICNIC
3£any Priz«s Distributed to Pleasure-
Seskers at Shell Mound
Park.
Th«» fourth annual day and moonlight
picnic given by the Swedish Ladles' So
ciety at Shell Mound Park yesterday was
a successful affair. Several hundred
pleasure seekers gathered on the grounds
and fpont the day and evening enjoying
the various amusc-ments, including aJpro
pramme of dance* in the pavilion. Fifty
gate prizes were distributed and a num
ber of rai-es resulted in lucky winners
carrying off valuable articles.
The following committees had the picnic
in charge:
An»njr'-m<>n!f-Mr«. P. II. Hanscn, Mrs. Fred
ICelson. llrf. OuFt Nelson. O. X. Turner and
Anti :<n Carlson.
Reception— Mr*. Maria Anderson. Mrs. G. R.
Lindtwrrg. Mr*. A. Johnson. HJalniar Hanson,
Fr*>ri Nelson. Victor Fjogrren and Axel Johnson.
Floor— Anton Carlson • manager). Miss Cora
Jnfcnf">n. Miss Frida Han<=on, illss Thora Olsen, ,
21. Forsbert and E. Fcn-ell.
The officers, of the society are:
President. Mrs. A. Sandel; vice president.
J.Irs. O. s-iepren; recording secretary, Mrs. A.
Johnson; trea?ur*r, Mr«. Herman Pearson;
trustee*— Mm T. ArvitUon. Mrs. Hilda Roberts
*Jid Mrs. A. C. Johnson.
The following named were the winners
In the various races:
Girl* ur.d«T It ypars— IV Dorothy won, Lilly
fiNror.d. J!«bc! Krikson third.
Glrle from 10 to V, years — Annie McDonough
¦ «"©n. Dora Dorothy etcond, Ingeborg Olson
htWrd. ; \
Boys under 10 r*ar*— W. M>a<le won. T. Me- '<
Xkmoueh eecond. K. Weld third.
B«j-8 from 10 to :s y<-ars — A. McDonough won !
G. Sousa. second, fi. Bosweii third.
Ladies' race, oj*-n for all— Carry Jones won.
Cerate Jcr.*s second. Agnes Johnson third, Et
t!e Inez fourth.
Fat ladi~s— Miea T5*»tty N'«!son won. Mise
•3Julda Johr.sca F-cond. Miss Tora O!eon third, i
Lady monitor*— Mrs. G. Nftecn won, Mrs.
;/ixel John* in feend, Mrs. Charles Sandal third, '
JIr«. Andrew Olnon fourth.
¦ Fat m*n — f"harl*-s Sandmann Trcn. A. M
fmi!l»y second. Axel Pihlstrom third. Charles i
.Anrtfrsco lourth.
Social membf-rs— Ar.ton Carlson won. Otto
FJojrrea EPccr.J. H. Tarsbcrg- third. H. Pearson
'fourth.
AT THE THEATERS
THE Dunne and Ryleys are disporting
themselves this week "At Gay Coney
Island." and the California Theater
was packed last night to witness the
performance.
Of course, there is nothing to say of the
play. The title labels it, and those who
will look upon Coney Island when it is gay
know Just what they are getting— and de
serve all of it. It goes with a rush and a
swing all through, with a "patent, double
million, back-action" swiftness, as Sam
Weller would say. Mathews and Bulger
have a tremendously funny specialty. In
the last act Tony Hart as the musical
grocer is delightful, and Phil Ryley make3
an excellent medicine man.
Miss Maud Courf*ney, who was on the
programme as Daisy Kidder, was taken
sick Just before the performance and it
was necessary to substitute Miss Adlyn
Kstee. who had never studied the part.
Miss Kstee had to read her lines? 1 Every
thing will go smoothly In this part to
night. . " .'
Miss Xorma Whalley. the new leading
lady, also appears. She made a fairly
good Delia "Ware and is certainly one of
the handsomest women on the stage.
Mary Marble is enjoyable, as usual, and
Miss Tannehlll as Mrs. Payne did good
work. The eight mascots have a very
clever and pretty though not new sp-Cialty
•In a skipping-rope dance.
S K • H| • [_;.• 7
Miss Lillian Burkhart is again at the
Orpneum this week in a new "costume
playlet," "Captain Suzanne." This Or
pheum favorite was warmly welcomed,
arid the nevr play, in which Miss Burk
hart dons tights — an incidental of a sol
dier's costume— and becomes them, seems
to be a success. There Is a fencing scene,
in which Captain Suzanne— Miss Burkhart
— does some pretty work, and she is fairly
well supported by Mr. Brewer and Mr.
Leach. V ¦
Clayton "White and Marie Stuart, the
Quaker City Quartet and Barrere and
Jules are among the holdovers and bid
fair to rival other long runs lately fash
ionable among the vaudevillalns. Smith
and Fuller's musical , novelties, one of
which is a. solo upon tomato cans — very
good but rather "tinny" in tone — were
very well received. John Donahue and
Miss Mattle Nichols furnish a clever and
original song and dance, and Stella May
hew, the negro Impersonator, and Wil
liamson and Stone, the blackface come
dians, add their quota to the evening's
fun.
* • - •
Henry Miller and his distinguished com- i
pany will present this evening at the
Columbia Theater, Henry" Arthur Jones'
clever satire on English society, "The
Liars," which was given with so much !
success during the last Miller season.
Next week "His Excellency, the. Gov
ernor," will be produced.
"Wang," the favorite comic opera, -will
be revived to-night at the Tlvoli Opera
house. The cast will be of the strongest, I
including all the Tivoll favorites. Edwin |
Stevens will appear as the regent of Slam,
"with an elephant on his hands." Ferris
Hartman will play the keeper to the
"royal elephant." It is not yet announced
v.'ho will play elephant to Mr. Hartman's
keeper, but AVilliam Schuster, Thomas
Greene. Hele"n Merritt, Annie Meyers,
Georgia Cooper and others are found in
the cast.
"Wang" will run for two weeks, after
which the Ttvoli's sixth annual season of
grand opera will begin.
¦, ? * *
The new Frawleys will present "The
Great Ruby," the famous Drury Lane
melodrama, this evening at the Grand
Opera-house. "The Great Ruby" packed
Daly's Theater, New York, for seven con
secutive months. The cast contains Miss
Corona Rlcardo, who took Ada Rehan's
place In the play, and who makes her first
appearance in San Francisco to-night.
Other new people are H. S. Northrup and
Alice Evans. 'Wilton Lackaye will ap
pear as an Oriental Prince. Altogether
th<-re are thirty-five speaking characters
in the cast.
• * * N_
At Fischer's Concert House Miss Le
norc White, assisted by Frank Clayton
and Blanche Husted, will to-night present
her sketch, "Autumn Leaves" for the
first time. Others on 'the programme will
be Edward B. Adams, Coral Thorndlke,
Lena Johnson and Isabelle Underwood.
New moving pictures will be shown, in
cluding scenes from the battlo of Mafe
king.
• • •
"The Brownies in Fairyland," Palmer
Cox's delightful operetta, will be given,
special productions at the California
Theater on the afternoons of Thursday
and Friday, July 26 and 27.
THE tenth session of the Grand Coun
cil of the Young Ladles' Institute,
which closed Saturday night, was
marked by changes of much Import
ance in the construction of the organiza
tion and by the enthusiasm manifested
by the delegates. The officers and leading
members confidently expect to see a
greater growth in the next two years than
any two years in the past have brought.
By one amendment to the constitution,
each branch will be allowed a delegate at
large to the Grand Council, and one for
every fifty members. In the past there
has been no delegate at large. It is
thought the change, increasing the num
ber of delegates, will increase interest
among the smaller branches of the Insti
tute. The offlce of grand marshal was
made elective instead of appointive, and
the offices of grand secretary and grand
treasurer were combined. By another
amendment the restriction of the branches
to five honorary members was removed.
By vote of the Grand Council, the grand
president. Miss Annie M. Pothoff, was
instructed to appoint two historians. She
has named Miss Ella Comyns of Branch
No. 3 and Miss Helen "Winters of Branch
No. 2.
The retiring grand president, Mrs. Mary
Nagle, named Miss Potthoff as chairman
of a committee to consider the adoption ot
a new form of regalia. Miss Potthoff will
appoint two other members.
"The Grand Council just closed," said
Miss Josephine Molloy , the grand secretary
and treasurer, last evening, "was pro
ductive of more pood, we all feel, than
any ever held before. There was more of
goodfellowshlp and the delegates all went
home full of enthusiasm and determined
that the Institute shall double In member
ship before the next Grand Council."
"We are particularly proud," said Mrs.
Mary Nagle, past grand president, "of the
changes made In the constitution. As It
now stands we think It Is an almpst per
fect instrument."
THBEE NEWIiY ELECTED GRAND OFFICERS OF THE YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
A man whose Identity has not yet been
ratisfactorlly determined, but whose
r.ame was supposed to be Curley or Hur-
Ir-y, died at the City and County Hospi
tal yesterday morning as the result of in
juries received several days ago. but
vheth* r accidentally or not the police do
not know. There seems to b<? consider
able mystery In the case, which may b«
j>artly cleared a. way by the developments
at the inquest.
Hurley or Curley was arrested at 4:30
o'clock on the morning of July 13 by Po-
Jiceniiin 1'. Uutler on Second street. He
was apparently Intoxicated, and at the
City Itison was booked under the name
of John Doe as a drunk.
Shortly after Ills arrest he was sent to
the Receiving Hospital lor treatment as
he seemed to have fclh-n into a sort of
coma. Dr. Uacigalupi attended the man
for acute alcoholism and returned him to
fcis cell. ]"»ur hours afterward he was
pent back to the hospital lor further
treatment. He was kept there for obser
vation till 11:30 a. m. en the next day
Mhen. as he grew no better, he was sent
to the City and County Hospital. Here a
•liagnosis revealed a fracture of the skull,
from which the unfort unite man died at
i:15 yesterday morning. The Coroner's
office was notified and the body removed
to the Morgue.
The case of Hurley or Curley evidently
Ftruek Coroner Cole as being remarkable
when the number <>f similar ones occur
ring lately an> taken into consideration.
"There are too many ea^es of fractured
fkulls reported nl this office of late," said
Coroner Cole, "l intend to look into this
case very particularly, as 1 consider it
rather pirar.ge that men who have been
picked uji by the police on the streets are
«fterwnrd discovered to have fractured
i-kulls without any explanation being of
fered as to how they came by them."
Coroner Will Probe the Mystery
Surrounding 1 the Death of a
Kan Named Curley or
Hurley. <p
Arrested for Being Drunk
but His Skull Was
Fractured.
TAKEN FROM A
PRISON CELL TO
DIE IN HOSPITAL
While the firemen of Engine 31 wero
fighting: the blp Pacific-street fire yester
day morning their own engine house at
1214 Pacific street was burning. When
they returned to rest after a hard strug
gle against the blazing element of de
struction they found their rooms fille.I
with smoke, and file blackened floor of
the building occupied by them charre 1
and iirpnphort »
In lighting the fire in the engine house,
which broke out about 2:20 o'clock,
two men were painfully burned. W.
ColHgan, n saloon-keeper a few doors
distant from the scene of the conflagra
tion, was hurned about the arms and
Charles McCarty had his left leg
scorched.
Enpine 31 was rushed to tho fin? which
destroyed the Standard Biscuit Factory
when the second alarm was sounded. All
the firemen connected with the company
left the house and closed the door*.
Later. on CcllipaTi saw dense clouds of
smoke, issuing from the windows of lho
house, and rushed to the place. He was
Joined by McCarty, and the two went into
the building. They found the fire in th*
basement, where the heaters used In
supplying hot water for the engine boiler
are located. Without hesitation both set
about to put out the blaze, and were
burned in the attempt. Their injuries
were treated at a neighboring store.
An alarm was turned in from box 123,
at the corner of Pacific and I^eavenworth
strpets. and Chief Sullivan Immediately
sent engines from the big (ire, which was
then under control, to assist In extin
guishing the flames. The lire is supposed
to have started about the heaters, and
considerable damage was done to the
lower portion of the building 1 .
Blaze Discovered While Men. Were
Absent Subduing the Standard
Biscuit Company Fire on.
Pacific Street.
Two Men Injured in Fight
ing Flames in Hom9
of Engine- 31.
WHILE FIREMEN
WERE OUT THEIR
HOUSE BURNED
SESSION OF GRAND COUNCIL
MARKED BY IMPORTANT WORK
Young Ladies' Institute Officers Expect the Organization
to Make Rapid Growth Under Changed and
Perfected Constitution.
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CAL.L,, MONDAY, JULY 16, 1900.
Left Yesterday to Become
Member of West's
Company.
LOCAL SINGER TO
JOIN MINSTRELS
10
IJf §IQi y/nff 13 jf d
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
per.ect ClKt-MIon, complete absorption and
hetltarul regularity.
For the cure of all dlfonleri cf the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
repilarities. Kick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
etipatlon. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal \iscera. 25c a box. At Druerlsts. or
by moil. nADWAT & CO.. New JTork.
1875+25=1900
MONDAY- - - July 16, 1900.
SOUVENIR
Edition In Magazine Form as Supplement to tha
DJSILY COMMERCIAL NEWS.
Over 100 Pa*es. Profusely Illustrated, tosether
with the regular Issue, all for IK-.o. celebratm*
the twenty-firth anniversary of the founding
of the paper. Send in orders to
COMMERCIAL PUBLISHING CO.,
3-4 C4UFOHNM 3TMBT.
SAN FRANCISCO.
1875-1-25=1900
OPTICIANS^^JETaphicapparatuj.
C i O ii H0 IU I Scientific
mi Market 5t. instruments
u«t>£i» CMROMicit Bun.oiN&. Catalogue Free.
Are important— even as your eyesight !> im-
portant. We mean that every pair of eyeglasie.
we tit shall fit precisely. Any oculist will tell
you that w* are careful and exact *
Our new clip is »e<rurit>. 60c
Oculists* prescriptions flllfd. Faetorr o»
premises. Quick repairing Phone. Main 10.
Your
Eye=Glasses
DR.MGNULTY.
nWS WEU^KXOWS AND RELIABT FOLD
1 Spedali« c «r M Private. -Nervou^ and Blood wi
0 «,*V- RO * COK Mf.M'l.TY. M.IK
CAPE NOME
; J5ACHINERYandSUPPLI ES.
OUR GOLD DREDO1MQ PUMPS
KHflfiH Were IU «essful at Non» last
ftltUUn year. AI1 others tart
tlon dally^a Stevenaga ««. a. £.
3 Ci*aa
many GlVCfl _ 11 VV
Teas, Coffees, c
Spfces, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Povjder
3 tlaes as many Premiums with Teai
3 times as many Premlnras with Coffee
3 tfaes as many Preniucs with Spice
3 times as many Prenfuns with Extracts
3 tises as many Preratcms with Soda
3*^^37 Premises with Eakiaj Powder
Fresh Hassteg Gcffeos
lo, 15, »o, as, jo, 33, 4<t ctH. !,!».
Para Teas
35t 4Qi 50. 6o, 70, 80 C«s. per X.b
Spice, Baking Powder, Extracts.Mush
xo. wJi, »s, 43 Ciy« p«;r Can
A Bljf Premium Given wlt2i
Every Purchase
Good Time and BMace to Buy
I»rlce» Never so Cheap
rrcmlamg ycevcr wo nany
fet Amciza Ismatuu Tea Co.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
tll-212 Grant Ave. (Bet. Gutter and Po«t)
til ila.rk.et St. tOpp. Powell).
140 Sixth Ft.
2^6 Kaj-es St. 21S ThlnJ St.
U1S Polk St. 621 Montgomery Ave.
2C18 Mission Et. 70S Larkin St.
8006 gixteenth St. 1S19 DeviE&tlero St.
1*6 Ninth £t^ 475 Balrht <5C
200S F-.llmore Et- S2f.Z Mission Et.
C2 Market Et. 272* 21th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
ICn Washlntton St. CIS K. 12th St-
1£37 Braadw&y. US5 r2d Ave.
lilO Seventh St. UiS Park St.. Alameda.
B St., rear <th. San Rafael.
Our weekly sales attract
trade from all over the city,
suburban towns as well The
usual summer dull times are
not to be found at our stores
Read and you will see why
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Manday Tuesday Wednesday
Hams — Eastern 14c
Sugar cured— orn fed— reg'ly 16c 1b
Tea — Reg'ly 60c 1b coc
Mandarin Nectar- "B" brand Cey-
lon— Foochow Oo.'ong— good enough
for anybody
Beer— Everard pints Si.}£
quarts $2.10
Reg'ly $1.55 and $2.35 dozen— brewed
from Canadian malt— as fine as can
be made *
Sardines— }4's 20c
This means almost wholesale price
for a single can— rsg'ly 25c can — ex-
tra selected quality •
Cocoa — Van Houten 8oc
Reg'ly $1 Ib-made in Holland— best
in the world — l A, )l and i-lb**cans
Pineapple — Sliced 3 can's for c.oc
Singapore sugar loaf Dines in granu-
lated sugar syrup— 1%. lbs reg'ly
20c can
Raisins— Fine clusters 2 lbs 25c
Whisky—
From Famous Kentucky Distilleries
Old Crow Bourbon, i88q, bot $^5 '•fr'oo
Old Crow Bourbon, 18S9, gal 55.00 I4.00
hermttage Rye, 1S86, bot 5i 50 j] I?
Hermitage Rye, 1886, gal J6.OO J^o
Oysters— doz $2.7^
Our Choice -extra fancy— 2 CC Can
Baltimore pack-2-lb cans >
Cheese— Club House $oc
Rich old Eastern in sealed jars—
f'g'ly 35C— serve on water crackers
with after-dinner coffee
Rock and Rye (G.B.&Co.) $i
German rock candy and pure rye
whisk v— quick cough cure— ree'lv
$1.25 quart bottle -. ** '
Gelatine— Heinncb 2 for 2$c
Red and white — transparent — dis-
solves at once— reg'ly 15c pekg
Prunes— y/ 2 lbs for 2^c
Reg'ly ioc Ib-nice clean tender fruit-
good to eat any season of the year
Ginger A\e—{l/arfray) , Si.io
Serve ice cold for a refreshing sum-
mer drink— good for the stomach—
reg'ly 51.25 doz
Boned Herring— -{Bavle) 20c
Real delicate— get some for your next
lunch basket— reg'ly 25c jar
Colgate's Soap 4^
Turkish Bath — reg'ly 6oc dozen —
don't miss this
Brillantine— Violet 20c
Imparts beauty and lustre to the hair
—reg'ly 25c bottis— pleasant odors
Fruit Press — Henis 2^c
You may need an extra one at this
season— reg'ly 35c
Coffee Pots — 1 qt $1.00
2 qts $1. 25" 3 qts Si.^o
Kin-Het— quick— practical — simple—,
nickel plated— reg'ly 51.25, J1.50 and
$1.75— our good coffee will taste bet-
ter than ever prepared in this pot —
nothing better in the market
432 Tine 232 Softer 2SC0 California San Frandic*
IP'S Clay tiftwuri Eleventh an.1 Twelfth Oakland
Order for the country any-
thing you wish and be as-
sured of fresh goods, prompt
delivery, safe packing.
GOLDBERG. E0WEN ft CO'S 8FECIAL SITING SALS
Ill, r 113. 115, lit. 119, 121 POST STREET.
Our entire stock of FINE FRENCH WOOL CHALYS, hoth
printed and plain, all this season's Importation and
all heautlful designs.
Reduced to 50c yard.
3 cases (60 pieces) NEW CAMEL'S-HAIR HOMESPUN
CHEVIOTS, 54 inches In width, In 8 different shades
of grau.
Price $1.00 yard.
Regular value Sl.oO,
Reduced to S 1^
Our entire stock or choice SCOTCH cheviots ana
MADRAS CLOTHS, In checks, stripes and plaids.
Former prices 15c, 2Oc and 25c.
2 cases NEW FEATHER BOAS (extra gualltu), in grans,
hlacks and natural; 36, 45, 54 and 72 Inches In
length.
500 dozen LADIES' FINE LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKER-
CHIEFS, all hemstitched, hoth laundered and
unlaundered. Initialed and embroidered.
Prices $7 to $25 each.
Price 15c each.
Our customers are renuested to write for samples of
CHALYS, HOMESPUNS, CHEVIOTS and MADRAS CLOTHS
promptly, while the assortment Is complete.
NOTE.
Commencing MONDAY, July 16th, we will
Dlace'on sale the following EXTRAORDINARY
BARGAINS,
OOLDBERO. SO WR? t CO'S SPECIAL SAVING 3 ALE
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
British customs and excise receipts for
the fiscal year Just closed yielded $10,000-
••00 each above the exchequer estimate
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. SOo flask. Richards ;& Co.. . 404 Clay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.