f-y AIX /HEADQTJARTEBSy
Iv j sas City, July 6—2 - a. <m.— •
It is the understanding, that a
majority of the Southern
States are flocking to Steven
son's standard. ' New York has
given a promise to support him after
Keller has been given the seventy
two complimentary vot3S. Pennsyl
vania, Illinois' and Florida have al
ready declared for him, and New
Jersey and Indiana will undoubtedly
do so. Other wavering delegations
will fall into line and it looks as
though Stevenson will be nominated
on the first ballot.
After a late conference with eight
chairmen of State delegations, David
B. Hill said:
"My opinion is that Mr. Steven
son -will be nominated. He will make
a most excellent '.'candidate."
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 36.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900.
ADLAI EWING STEVENSON OF ILLINOIS.
CALL ; HEADQUARTERS, KANSAS CITY, Mo., July
5.'— The New York delegation came to Kansas City
with the idea only of accepting whatever platform was
adopted and whatever candidates were nominated, and with the
' hope of having its views and suggestions ? respected. We
didn't come to make a fight on anything whatsoever. It was
.expected that • the Chicago platform would be reaffirmed,
'consequently reaffirmation alone cannot be turned into a vic
tory for Hill, for it is nothing more than what was expected, and
-was understood to be a concesssion to both extreme views.
.There need not have been any fight on this question, if Hill had
• not gone ahead alone and filled the papers with what he was go
ing to do and what he was not going to do without the author
ity of the delegation. The selection of Van Wyck was intended
to prevent just the disturbance which Hill has succeeded in
creating..
It could not fail to impress everybody with the fact that
the cheering and prearranged demonstration for Hill was sec
onded by curiosity and the natural sympathy of the average
*;. American for a defeated man. If it is anything more than that it
amounted to an; interference with the management of the
Democracy of New York,«which no Democrat can admit or
tolerate.
The Democratic party in New York claims its right to de
clare who its leader shair be, and that leader is Richard Croker,
and the Democratic party or the candidate of the . party (Mr.
Bryan) has no better worker or friend in or out of the conven
. tion than Croker. .
% .Hill has not taken his defeat in a manner-that could have
been expected of a man of his experience and knowledge of
politics. And his best friend could not but regret the manner
in which he behaved and his appeal to his past friends in Con
gress to help rehabilitate him in opposition to the judgment of
his'party in his own State.
and personal pledges not to run for Vice President. What
these are he will not divulge, but they are supposed to have
reference to the desire of Hill to nominate Elliott Danforth. Hill
frankly says that if he is nominated he., will be compelled to
withdraw, and he is taking the proper means to acquaint the
Democratic leaders with his intention in order that no awk
ward mistakes may be made. ;
BY OLIVER H. FV BELMONT.
BY, C. C. CARLTON,
CALL HEADQUARTERS, KANSAS CITY, Mo., July
5. — William J. Bryan of Nebraska was to-day nominated
a second time by the Democrats for President of the
United States. The scene attending his nomination was as in
tensely dramatic as that four years ago. Bryan joy, Bryan mad
ness, Bryan mirth, Bryan frenzy — all these various phases pf
excitement were represented in the tornado of noise that for
more than half an hour to-day at "the mention of Bryan's name
shook the great convention hall. - The hall, crowded to almost
twice its proper capacity, was filled with a mob who seemed to
idolize Bryan. The scene surpassed that at Chicago in many
respects. It was all the more remarkable in view of the fact that
many of the men who were cheering/him had been opposing his
wishes regarding the platform. • ;' ". '/
Bryan was nominated on a platform made by himself that
declares in favor of the free and unlimited coinage of silver at
16 to 1. but at the same time contains, a clause declaring that
anti-imperialism is the paramount issue of the campaign. The
financial plank is the one written by Mr. Bryan himself . and
brought to Kansas City by his accredited spokesman, Mr. Met
calf, an Omaha editor. It was agreed to last night by a ma
jority of two votes in the resolutions committee, and this vote
tallies exactly with a poll made earlier in the day by The Call
representative. It was afterward unanimously adopted by rea
son of an agreement whereby the financial question was side
tracked and anti-imperialism made the paramount issue.
The proceedings of the convention to-dav of course in
sure a continuance of the triple alliance between the Demo
crat?. Populists and Silver Republicans. The Populists and Sil
ver Republicans are naturally satisfied with Bryan. They are
more than delighted with the platform. So long as the platform
is all right they do not care who is on the other end of- the
ticket. The Populists would prefer Towne, but that does not
matter since free silver is one of the watchwords. Conferences
are under way looking to unity of action between these three
political forces for the election of Bryan.
Contrary to general expectation the balance of the ticket
was not completed to-day, the convention adjourning over until
10:30 o'clock to-morrow morning, when, the Vice President will
be nominated. Unquestionably an attempt will be made to
stampede the convention to Dnvid B. Hill. Hill insists that he"
will not take the nomination. He declares he is. under private
Bryan Nominated for President in
the Usual Democratic, Dramatic
Style and Seems Perfectly Will
ing to Accept Stevenson as His
Running Mate .
WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN OF NEBRASKA.
WITH THE TIGER'S COMPLIMENTS:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Belmont Scores Hill and Declares
That the Reaffirmation of the
Chicago Platform Cannot Be
Turned Into a Victory for New
York's Ex-Governor.KANSAS CITY, July 5.—Wil
liam Jennings I3ryan of Ne
braska was to-night unani
mously placed In nomina
tion as the Democratic can
didate for President of the United States,
en a platform opposing imperialism, mili
tarism and trusts and specifically declar
ing for the free coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to X. The nomination came as
thf culmination of a frenzied demonstra
tion in honor of the party leader, lasting
twenty-seven minutes and giving utter
ance to all the pent-up emotions of the
¦vast multitude. It followed also a fierce
strugjjr'.e throughout- the last thirty-six
hours concerning the platform declaration
en silver, and on the relative position
which the stiver question is to maintain
to the other great issues of the day.
It was late this afternoon when the con
vention was at last face to face with the
Presidential nomination. Earlier in the
day there had been tedious delays, due to
the inability of the platform committee
to reconcile its differences and present a
report. Until this was ready t!;e conven
tion managers beguiled the time by put
ting- forward speakers of more or less
prominence to keep the vast audience
from becoming too restless.
Sixteen to One Approved.
The first session, beginning at 10
o'clock this morning, was entirely fruit
less of results, and it was not until late
in the afternoon, when the second session
had begun, that the platform committee
was at last able to report an agreement.
Already its main features, embodying the
36 to 1 principle, had become known to
the delegates, and there was little delay
in giving it unanimous approval. This re
moved the last chance lor an open rup
ture on questions of principle, ana left the
way clear for the supreme event of the
<iay — the nomination of the Presidential
candidate.
The vast auditorium was filled to its ut
most capacity when the moment arrived
for the nomination to bo made. Not only
were the usual faculties aiTorded by tick
et? taxed to the utmost, but th.? door
kecpeni were given liberal instructions
under which the aisles and areas and nil
available spaces were packed to li.eir luli
<-.=t limit.
When the call of States becran for the
purpor-e of placing candidate? in nomina
tion. Alabama yielded its place at the
htaJ of the list to Nebraska, and Oldharn
of that State made his way to the i>iat
:orm for the initial sp*-:?eV» placing Mr.
liryan in nomination for the Presidency.
The orator was Ftrong-yoice<! and enter
taming, yet to the waiting delegates and
hi ectnton th«?re was but one point to his
sj:eech. and that was the stirring perora
tion which closed with the name of iVil
!iam Jf-nning* Bryan.
This was the signal for Ihe demonstra
tion of the day, and in a com mo a pui
jiise the great concourse joined in a trib
u*e at enthusiastic devotion ij the party
Icader. A huge oil portrait of Bryan,
measuring fifteen feet across, was
bioupht Sown the" main ai^ls 1 before the
<*> !< fcates. At the same tim^.the stand
arris of the State delegations were torn
trcm their sockets and waved on high,
vhlle umbrtllas of red, while and blue,
Rilk banners of the several States and
nai.y handsome and unique transparen
cies wtre borne about the building amid
the deafening clamor of 2<J,00<> yelling, ges
ticulating men and women. All of the in
tensity of former demonstrations and
much more were added to this final trib
ute to the leader.
Pacific Coast's Tribute.
When the demonstration had spent lt-
Fe'f the speeches seconding the nomina
tion of Mr. Uryan were in order. Senator
¦\Vhite spoke for California; giving the
tribute of lb« Pacific Coast to the Ne- j
braska candidate.
When Colorado was reached that State
yielded to Senator Hiil of New York. The !
audience had anxiously awaited the ar
pearance of the distinguished New York- !
<t. and as he took the platform he was '
accorded a splendid reception, the entire
audience rising and cheering wildly, with
the single exception of the little group of
Tammany leaders, who sat silent through
out ihe*-heers for their New York associ
ate. Mr. Hill was in fine voice and his
tribute to the Ntbraskan touched a sym
pathetic chord in the hearts of the audi
ence. He pictured Bryan as the champion
of the plain people and of the working
man, strong with the masses, with the
farmer and with the artisan. When Hill
declared with dramatic emphasis that the
candidate would" have the support of his
party — a united party— there was tremen
dous applause at the suggestion of Dem
ocratic unity.
"It Is a time for unity, not for division,"
he exclaimed, to the rapturous approval
nomination was allowed to go over until
to-morrow.
Silver Pla^k Unpopular.
Next to the demonstration for the party
candidate, that greeting the announce
ment that imperialism was to be the para
mount issue of this campaign was the
most spontaneous and signiticant of the
day. Senator Tillman rdad the platform,
and with measured force brought out the
fact that Imperialism was now given the
first and supreme place among tne issues
cf the party. That the delegates were in
complete sympathy with this expression
was shown by the terrific and long-sus
tained applause, lasting over twenty-two
minutes and exceeding ihe ovations usual
ly aprorded the favorites of the party.
Following this the announcement that
the 16 to 1 idea was retained In Ahe plat
form received only faint and ill-Sustained
recognition, the applause being limited to
a few minutes. It was regarded as a
significant showing of the sentiment of
the delegates, quite as convincing as the
terms of the platform they had put for
ward.
i Another stirring event of the day was
the appearance of Webster Davis, former
f Assistant Secretary of the Interior, un
der Mr. McKinley's administration, in a
speech severely arraigning the Repub
lican party for its lack of sympathy for
the Boers and formally announcing his
allegiance to the Democratic party.
But the great battle of the convention
has not been fought under the-- eyes of
cheering thousands, but in the privacy of
ths closely guarded quarters of the com
j mlttee en platform. Here was waged
| throughout last night and again this
I morning one of the most remarkable
struggles that has ever racked this his
toric party. On the one hand was the in
fluence of Bryan and the absolute unity
i of devotion felt toward him and the cause
I of silver, with which his name is insep
arably linked. On the other hand, were
many patriarchs of the party— men like
Daniel of Virginia— Insisting that the very
j life of the organization was endangered
by changing its old issues, and that the
duty of the hour called for new issues
based on new and vital events.
Bryan's Signal Victory.
This contest was at laM narrowed down
to the one issue of specifically reaffirm
ing the party's adherence to 16 to 1,
as desired by Mr. Bryan, or of re
affirming the silver plank in more gen
eral terms. And on this issue the brains,
the sagacity, the persuasive eloquence and
¦ the best ability of the convention has for
the Ia5t thirty-six hours been engaged In
' a battle royal for supremacy. And out
of this fierce strife the adherents of Bryan
emerged, scarred, but victorious. They
have written the platform In their own
way, with 16 to 1. But it was a victory
by a scratch, for a single vote would have
turned the scale. And It has not been a
victory without concession, for In the final
draft silver Is no longer "paramount" —
it 13 far down In the platform, while In
the very forefront Is the declaration that
Imperialism is the "paramount" Issue of
the campaign.
There remains only the choice of a can
didate for Vice President and the work
of the convention is over. There is every
evidence that this choice will be quickly
mad? to-morrow morning, although there
Is still doubt as to who the nominee will
be.
FEAST OF .ORATORY
FOR THE ASSEMBLY
Forenoon Session Spent In Lis
tening to Speeches hu Partu
Leaders.
KANSAS CITY, July 5.-ConventIqn
! Hail was again besieged to-day by eager
1 and excited thousands and long before the
: time set for opening the second day's pro
ceedings all of the streets were solidly
massed with humanity moving 1 forward to
the many entrances. Expectancy was at
high pitch, as it was universally felt tha^
the day had in store^ the great events of
the convention. By lo o'clock, thirty min
utes before the time set for the opening:
of the convention, nearly every seat in
the galleries was occupied.
The delegates were much more delib
erate and came in slowly. The word had
got abroad that there would be a fight in
the convention over the adoption of the
platform, and, anticipating a session
which would be long: and hard after it had
once begun, they preferred to come in at
tho last minute that their stay In the con
vention hall might be made no longer than
Report of tne Resolutions Committee Adopted Witli
out a Protest and Anti-Silverites Proclaim
Allegiance to William Jennings Bryan and the
Cause H Represents.
ed, wherever they be, as claimants on our
protection. Thou art. the supreme ruler of na
tions. * ,Teach us how to make our,, nation truly
exeat and?«ood; drive from our hearts the lust
of Dowor and the greed of gain. Teach us to
be strong: and at the same time humble, that
thus our destiny may not be marred by phari- •
seelsm or decadence. Grant us unity and sta
bility that our country, so favored by thee,
may grow in all goodness, struggling: for every
noble cause, fostering the ¦„ sisterhood of na
tions, the inculcation of all rights, and, above
all. thy fatherhood. To thee be glory, honor
and power forever and ever. Amen. /
Hogg Addresses the Convention.
With the conclusion of the prayer Chair
man Richardson made an earnest appeal
to the delegates and spectators to pre-
Continued on Third Page.
necessary. The crowd was anxious to
pee Senator Hill and on two occasions
when a bald-hesAded man came through
the door ' leading, io the delegates' seats,
thoy set up tho <*ry of "Hill." which had
proved so sensational a feature at both
wRslcns yesterday. The Senator, how
pver. was one of the last of the-New York
delegation to arrive.
Better Pclica Arrangements.
The police arrangements of the hall
were a decided improvement over thoso
that characterized the opening of the con
vention there. During the sessions on
Wednesday, dense crowds of spectators
were allowed to congregate In front of the
speaker's stand, in front of the press
peats and up and down the aisles. These
were at times so densely packed that it
was Impossible to pass through them - at
all. These persons -were largely respon-
it the great multitude tricing him.
The eloquent Daniel of Virginia added
iIb giowlng tribute to th<» candidate, white
'.armor Governor Pattlpon of Pennsyl
vania spr.ke for his State and for the
3ast: Governor >.IrMillln of Tennessee
roic*"d the wishes of a State which had
"furnished thref Presidents" ; Hawaii,
h rough Up native -dogate.. Prince David,
hade 5t* first seconding speech in a Dem
>cratic national convention,' and. finally.
t ureet-TOJced and pleasant-faced woman
iltcrnato from U>ah porordrd the r.omi
latlon of Mr. Bryan in behalf of the State
»f Utah.
Then came ths voting:. State after State
recorded !ts vote In behalf* of the IJc
jraska candidate, giving him the unani
nous vote of all the States and Territo
ries. The convention mar.agcrs had al-
Tady agreed that this was sufficient work
'or the dav and the Vice Presidential
HON. WEBSTER DAVIS. WHO ADDRESSED THE CONVENTION
AND ANNOUNCED THAT BECAUSE OF HI3 STAND IN BEHALF OF
THE BOERS HE HAD RENOUNCED ALLEGIANCE TO THE REPUB
LICAN PARTY. »
W. D. OLDHAM OF NEBRASKA.
WHO MADE A RINGING
I SPEECH NOMINATING BRY
AN FOR PRESIDENT.
had nearly reached his seat when the cry
of "Hill!" "Hill!" broke forth. It was
coupled with considerable applause, but
the demonstration In honor of the Sena
tor when present lacked several degrees
the warmth Qf yesterday and this morn
ing when he was absent.
At 4 o'clock the convention was still
waiting for the arrival of the committee
on resolutions, and nothing was going. on
with the exception of music by the band.
The crowd had been allowed full license
by the doorkeepers. k and the aisles were
packed to the danger point. From the
speaker's desk clear back to the door
ways the aisles were packed^solidly. No
body could get In or pafs out. The Jam
had reached the danger point and the
heat became oppressive.
, It was not until 4 o'clock that Chairman
Richardson, turning from a conference
with Governor McMillln and Senator
White, picked up the gavel and brought
the. convention to order. The platform!
committee, headed by Senator Jones. D. I
J. Campau, Senator Tiilman and Judge
Van Wyck, had just pushed its way,
through the dense throngs and. proceeding
to the platform, had taken seats flanking
the chairman. Mr. Richardson appealed
long and vainly for order. The portly
form of Senator Jones, silver haired and
serious, advanced to the front of the
crage. He held a manuscript in his hands. |
But it was useless to talK against such |
a tumult, and he dropped back Into his
seat while order was being restored. At
last the noise subsided and Mr. Jones,
in a clear voice, announced:
"I am authorized by the committee on
resolutions to present the platform agreed
upon, and I will yield to the Senator from
South Carolina, Mr. Tillman, to read the
document."
Cheers zor the Platform.;.
Mr. Tillman now stepped to the front
and was greeted with a cheer. He read
the platform in a full, round voice, easily
heard throughout the hall. As he proceed
ed each plank was greeted with applause.
serve order, so that the work of the con
'vention might proceed without undue In
terruption. . Sergeant-at-Arms Martin
added an appeal, particularly to the dele
gates, not to bring their wives upon the
iloor reserved for delegates, as it kept
other delegates from the seats to which
they were entitled. .. .
Mr. Richardson then announced that the
platform committee was not ready to re
port, and pending word from them he
invited to the platform ex-Governor Hogg
of Texas to address the convention. The
giant Texan advanced to the- front and
was greeted enthusiastically. He was in
good voice and his words reverberated
through the hall. When he declared that
the party did not propose to, surrender
one iota of its attitude. in 1896, as promul
gated by the Chicago/ convention, there
was round after round of cheers. But
this broke into a Whirlwind of approving
shouts when the Governor asserted that
the party's platform must contain an un
equivocal and specific declaration for ,16
to 1. It was noticeable that the delegates
joined with the body of spectators in the
tribute to the 16-to-l Idea.
Governor Hogg arraigned the policy of
the administration in the Philippines and
on foreign affairs generally and its sub
serviency "to the trusts. He closed with
a prediction thSt a platform appealing to
the people for a correction of ;. existing
evils would bring victory in Noxember.
At the termination of Governor Hogg's
address Chairman Richardson* stepped
forward to say a few words to Sergeant
at Arms Martin, and the crowd took ad
vantage of the opportunity to start the
cry of "Hill." It came from all quarters
of. the galleries, but practically. little of it
from the delegates. Mingled with the
calls were hisses.
Chairman Richardson wielded his gavel
vigorously and when order was restored
In some degree announced. ' .
"Gentlemen, 1 have the honor to Intro
duce to you Hon. A. M. Dockery, Mis
souri's favorite son."
Speech by Dockery.
Mr. Dockery. was warmly received and
his prompt, attack upon the conduct of
the Republican administration for '. its
management 'of the .Philippine question
¦was greeted' with the usual demonstra
tion of applause. >¦¦ His assurances ' that
Bryan -would be the next President and
his .condemnation- of «.ny alliance be
tween^hls country and Great Britain- met
wlth#r»thusiastic . hurrahs for ,"I>ockery"
from the MIssourians. His appeal for
harmony '."along the fundamental . princi
ples" met with a cheer, and when a min
ute later he said, "Gentlemen; get on to
the platform, whatever If may be," a yell
went up," chiefly from the silver delegates.
»• VTnlk.-this way a . little!" shouted a
Georgia delegate.' . :
' "I can't talk, every way," replied the
speaker. :
\"ThenJalk this way a little!" shouted
¦ the Georgian. , ' > . ..
The ' first mention of Dewey's name
since, the: opening of ', the convention -was
made; by Mr. Dockery; while discussing
the platform, but the name of the famous
admiral was received : a . ripple of
applause..; He closed his speech ,with the
assurance of Democratic ' success ¦ and I the
celebration of ; the -centennial of Jeff er-
Bon's nomination next November. * :
Milwaukee's Mayor .Talks.
At the. conclusion of the' speech "of Mr.
Dockery : Mayor. Rose, of was
called to the platform. to address.the;con
vention; - -i- ; He -' made ; a>" fine ' Impression;
Dressed in a. black suit and standing eas
ily '' and /speaking fluently; he soon cap-
slble for the confusion that made it utter
ly impossible during the greater part of
the sessions yesterday for the voice of any
man to be heard ten feet from r the. ros
trum. •
To-day a 'swarm of local police " were
on hand and they started in well by
promptly hustling down the passageways
all persons who were not provided with
the proper credentials in the shape of
badges.
Once the delegates began to put in an
appearance they came In streams and the
space reserved for them filled with great
rapidity. At 10:S0, .the time set for the
opening of the convention, two-thirds of
them were seated and the remainder were
In the hall or crowding through the doors.
The number of handsomely gowned wo
men around the speaker's stand was
even greater than yesterday, and;" with
their bright colored dresses, ribbons and
fluttering fans they formed a charming
background for the. high officials of the
party, who occupied seats directly in front
of them.
The. old familiar tunes played by the
bands in the galleries brought forth the
old familiar yells from the crowds.. A3
usual "Dixie" and "A Hot Time" were
played repeatedly and cheered,, enthusias
tically. . -¦-¦¦.:'-"¦ -t--
. The arrival of- Richard Croker called
forth a few cheers from the galleries, and,
as usual when a Tammany man shows up,
there was the cry of "Hill," « just to re- j
mind him that "there are. others." "-
The audience began to manifest 'signs
of impatience as the time went by ¦ for
calling the convention- to order and the ¦
officials made no motion to proceed. The ,
hum of the multitude Increased to' a dull
roar. The aisles were jammed and the
area in front? of the platform was choked
with'a shuffling mass of delegates, officials
and subordinates. /Many -.of -.the-. : well i
known leaders went to the platform to
confer on the status of the committees'
business, among them being .White of Cal
ifornia. The fine band labored incessant
ly to offset the confusion and the med
ley of patriotic airs served to ' keep the
crowd in good humor and" maintain the
patriotic fervor. When the Texans raised
to the top of their standard the .huge
horns of a Texas steer, surmounted by
the legend. "Texas gives 200,000 majority, '.
there was a roof-cracking shout and - an
enthusiastic tribute to Texas Democracy.
Governor Beckham of , Kentucky ; was
given an enthusiastic welcome as ho came
in, a large number of delegates crowding
around ; to shake him by the hand. • ; ¦
Prayer by Dr. Glenrian.V
At 11 o'clock the slender, figure of Chair
man Richardson loomed up above. .-the
platform assemblage.: He swung the gavel
lustily and above the din could, be heard
hia call for -order. :. Slowly:, quiet' was
brought out of the confusion and the !
chairman presented Right- Rev. J6hn J. :
Glennan, for the opening invocation,; the !
entire audience, delegates and spectators. '
standing reverently with ,- bowed; : heads i
while the words of the prayer echoed ;
through the building. It was as. follows: :
O Almighty Eternal God, ¦; our " Creator i and
Father, we Invoke : thy j protection ami guid
ance. We pray . thee also to guide; thy: people
here (wemblpd that in all things they may
consult the welfare >of ¦¦> humanity -and ¦: thy!
glory. ¦ May thy- kingdom *come. thy ; will . be
done on earth as It Is In heaven. - Thou art: In
finitely Just. Grant i that Justice and: equity
may find expression : in -all .our « efforts ;l that,"
defining and defending our own 'rights,* we: may.
cautiously abstain from violating the rlxhn I ot
others. Thou art ¦ fath.*--of ithe: poor* an J - the
opprense<i.: * We, thy children,*: then ' must - look
upon the poor as our, friends. -and the oppress-"
Hon. Stephen M. White of California, Who Made an Able Address
Seconding the Nomination of Bryan. '/¦
; was to be made, he maintained, east of
the Mississippi River and north of the
Ohio, and he warned the convention that
unless the Democratic party could carry
some of those States, victory could
scarcely be possible. This statement was
received with cheers from not only the
spectators, but from the delegates.
Crowd. Calls for Hill.
"Hill!" "Hill!" came the cry again, as
Mr. Ro3e concludedrbut the New Yorker
was not present and the bands broke out
with the "Star-Spangled Banner." .
The patriotic strains had no sooner sub
sided than another Hill wave passed over
the assemblage. Some of the New York
ers sought to offset the demand by shout
ing for "Grady!" "Grady!" Again the
band came to the rescue and the hurrahs
for Hill gave way to "Dixie." At every
pause, however, the Hill shouters clamor
ed for their favorite.
. Both Chairman Richardson and Ser
geant at Arms Martin moved up and down
the front of the platform, gesticulating
wildly and making pantomimic appeals
for order. Wher. the Hill demonstration
had calmed the chairman Introduced J. E.
McCullough of Indianapolis for another
speech- on current public questions. He
said-only a few words and then, perceiv
ing George Fred Williams on the stand
in whispered conference with the chair
man,* the audience called wildly for the
young leader from the Old Bay State,
while another element continued the de
mand for Hill. When quiet was partial
ly secured the chair recognized Mr. Wil
liams,- who submitted a resolution, recit
ing:
"That a committee of nine delegates
be appointed by the -chair for the purpose
of conferring with the Sllver*Republican
and the Populist parties now gathered
In Kansas City." -
Shouts of "No!" "No!" . followed the
reading, but the resolution was put to a
vote and amid much confusion on the floor
was declared adopted.
-Congressman James Williams of Illinois
was then introduced by Chairman Rich
ardson. He opened his remarks by an ap
peal to all Democrats to stand together
on one platform, which he declared would
be broad enough to. hold them all. He
spoke briefly and was frequently applaud
ed. As Mr.- Williams, took his seat Chair
man. Richardson announced: ..
"We will now be addressed by Governor
Beckham of Kentucky."
Beckham ¦ -Warmly Greeted.
; Instantly there was a roar of applause
and 'delegates : and , spectators, springing
upon their chairs to get a better view of
the young Governor of Kentuckv, waved
their hats . and < handkerchiefs frantically.
The greeting was a fitting counterpart of
that ~ given Governor Taylor at Philadel
phia. ..
.When Governor Beckham reached the
stand where all- could- pee him . he - was
given i a reception as enthusiastic as tho
delegates had extended to any .speaker
who has thus far addressed the conven
tion. 1 .The galleries -did not respond with
•the- same heartiness. :
The -young: Governor of -Kentucky Is a
man of five feet nine • or ten, > slender arid
clean shaVen. v , He was dressed - in a mod
est sacksuit of dark serge > and spoke
slowly i and • with ':. deliberation,' evidently
weighings his words carefully. His fir^t
assertion ~ that the ¦ enthusiastic welcome
extended him was due," not to him person
ally,-but "to the outraged Democracy" of
his State,' called forth another roar.of ap
plause, "'<- which was equaled a = moment ,
BRYAN AND FREE
SILVER TRIUMPH
Demonstrative Outbursts Char
acterize Proceedings of
the Convention.
KANSAS CITY, July o.-Although the
time from the adjournment of the morn
ing session and that set tor the opening
of the afternoon was over two hours, at
no time were the galleries of the great
hall more than one-third emptied. Thou
sands of people sat out the adjournment,
being determined to miss no part of the
excitement they believed was to follow.
An hour before the time set for the open
ing of the afternoon session there was
not a seat to be had in the galleries. By
3:10 nearly all of the delegates were ready
for business and awaiting the arrival of
Chairman Richardson. \ When, at 3:1S
p. m.. he made bis appearance there was
a ripple of applause. Many delegates had
come prepared for the nomination of Mr.
Bryan. Dozens of them carried small
flags and numerous plumes of bright-col
ored pampas grass were visible on va
rious parts of the floor. Occasionally a
man who had purchased a whistle to toot
when the opportunity should avail could
not resist the temptation to toot it a little
in advance of the proper moment, and
the squawking of the little Instruments
could be heard in all parts of the hall.
The crowd by 3:40 was the greatest that
had attended any session of the conven
tion. The gatekeepers were rather lax in
denying admission to people, and hun
dreds who had no tickets were allowed to
enter the building. They swarmed In
upon the floor until it seemed impossible
that there could be room for one more.
One man In the gallery crawled out
upon one of the steel trusses going across
the building and there, dangling his legs
fifty feet above the heads of the people
on the floor, he sat quietly reading a
newspaper. V
Lukewarm Toward Hill.
At 4:56 p. m. Senator Hill of New York,
who had been absent from the preceding
two sessions, came through the delegates'
door. He was not recognized at first, and
A -?- <j> — ?— <J> — ?~<s>— *-<5'*~»- <§>—•- <S> — ?- <S> — ?-©
later when he Promised that Kentucky
would be carried safely for the Demo
cratic party. His remark that of late
there had been a considerable exodus of
criminals from his State evoked laughter
and applause and a few cries of Taylor.
"We have had such a dose of Republi
can rule," said the speaker, "that Ken
tucky is prepared to accept any platform
which the Democratic party will present.
No matter what the platform may be.
Kentucky will stand upon it and win
through its principles."
'He turned to leave the stand and was
met with loud cries of "Go on!" but the
young Governor only bowed and left the
platform.
After the cheers with which Governor
Beckham's speech was received subsided,
one of the delegates in Montana started
the tuneful old song, "My Old Kentucky
Home," and one verse of it was sung with
vigor, the singing being followed by great
cheers as the young Governor resumed
his seat.
.Appeals for Conservatism.
Chairman Richardson, at the conclusion
of "the demonstration, introduced Hon. J.
W. Miles of Maryland, who addressed the
convention, in support of conservative ac
tion on the platform. While the rural
Democracy of his State, he said, would
stand by that great tribune of the people,
William Jennings Bryan, he begged, the
convention that it would take no action,
that would imperil the chances of victory
for Mr. Bryan. His heart was beating,
he said, in time with every principle of
the Chicago platform, but he felt that
such friends of Bryan as Senator John W.
Daniel of Virginia, whose fealty was be
yond question, ought to be listened to by
those who had any desire of carrying such
States ae New York, Indiana, Illinois and
Virginia.
"In the name of God," he shouted earn
estly, "if the men In these States who
stood by Bryan in 1896 are not his friends
where are his friends to be found?"
As Mr. Miles concluded. Chairman Rich
ardson anounced that he had been In
formed the platform committee would be
ready to report at 3:30 o'clock. Thereupon
a motion was agreed to to adjourn until
that hour and the vast audience filed out
of the building amid enthusiastic shouts
for the favorite leaders and the enliven ¦
Ing music of the orchestra.
The Senator accompanied his reading with
emphatic gestures, striding up and down
the platform, turning this way and that,
after his manner in the Senate. There
was a howl of approval, as he clenched
his fist and fiercely arraigned the course
of the administration in Cuba. But it re
mained for his reading of the declaration
that "imperialism is the paramount issue
of this campaign" to evoke a storm of en
thusiasm, i- •¦- \
The delegates sprang to their feet,
standing on their chairs, waving hats,
handkerchiefs, umbrellas and flags, while
the galleries took up the chorus and car
ried it along for many minutes. Senator
Hill could be seen marshalling the hosts
to cheer. He held a fan high above hla
head and added his voice to the vocifer
ous shouting.
A second time Senator Tillman read this
declaration, and now even a greater dem
onstration than before carried the conven
tion off Its feet. Suddenly hundreds, then
thousands, of miniature American flags
were passed among the delegates, and the
whole floor of the vast structure became
a sea of flags. An instant later the Gaga
swept over the galleries like a mass of
flames. Bundles of them were tossed up
on the seats and distributed. The scena
was magnificently inspiring and the great
audience waxed to fever heat. On each
flag was the device:
The constitution and the flag are
Inseparable, now and forever.
The flag of the republic for
ever, of an empire never.
While the demonstration was at its
height the band sent another thrill
through the audience by playing "Dixie"
and a medley of patriotic airs. State
standards were again torn from their
sockets, banners were raised and a tri
umphal procession of delegates marched
about the hall. Now the strains of the
band turned to "My Country. 'Tla of.
Thee," at which the entire audience, aa
with a single voice, joined in a mighty
and swelling chorus. Amid the billowing
of the flags could be seen a tall standard
bearing the inscription':
Forcible annexation would be
criminal aggression. — William Mc-
Klnley. *.« v ;
It was at this juncture that the climax
was sprung upon the great assembly. A
huge flag nad been slv.ng across the roof
between two trusses, and as the signal
was given the cords were cut and slowly
it unrolled its white anfl crimson folda
as it fell gracefully, and hung over the
platform, slightly to the rear of the south
of the speaker's desk. The banner was
an enormous affair, being fully fifty feet
long and about one-half as wide. Upon,
the broad stripes were printed the follow
ing sentences in large letters of blue: ,
Constitutional governments derive
their just powers from the consent
of the governed.
The constitution and the flag, one
and inseparable, now and forever.
The flag of the republic forever,
cf an empire, never.
A republic can have no colonies.
To the vast majority of those In the
hall the flag was an unexpected Incident,
and its appearance was tne signal for a
frantic roar, which caused everything that
had gone before it to sink into insig
nificance. For a full two minutes the
cords of the flag caught and would not
permit the flag to fall to its full length.
It was caught up just enough to prevent
the convention reading the inscription
upon the banner and until they were re
leased, and the banner swung free, the en
thusiasm increased every second. Whea
finally every word was visible there was
a climax of cheers that was deafening.
Senator Tillman stood surveying the
storm and awaiting an opportunity to
proceed. The chairman pounded his gavel
and appealed, for order. But the march
of the delegates, bearing their standards
and banners, ran on uninterruptedly for
twenty-two minutes. As Senator Tiilman
was about to resume he remarked that
the thread of his discourse had been
broken, and that down South they were
in the habit of saying:
"Hell ha» broke loose in Missouri."
Mild Outburst for Silver.
There were cries of "Good," "Good "
when the trust plank was read. When
the Senator reached the reaffinnatlon of
the Chicago platform, with the declara
tion for free coinage at tha ratio of ic
to 1, pandemonium again broke loose But
the demonstration was mild in compari
son with what occurred when imperialism
was announced as "the paramount Is
sue."
Many of the delegates stood In their
chairs and waved flags and cheered but
a very considerable number— more 'than
half— held their scats. Senator Hill was
among thos? who maintained quiet whila
Mr. Croker waved a Hag until it 'broke
and George Fred Williams led the Massa.*
chusetts delegation in salvos of chef r»
One of the New York delegates raised
a standard bearing the inscription-
"Don't think there are no 16 to
l'ers in New York." „
The demonstration lasted four and a
half minutes. *
There was intense scorn in the Sen
ator's voice as he read the platform ar<
ralgnmenf^f the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
evoking mingled laughter and applause
The Boer .plank brought out another
cheer and the Senator received a round of
applause as he closed.
His voice throughout was admirable
and he made himself heard throughout
the vast hall. His reading, too. was clear
and effective.
When the applause subsided Chairman
Jones of the platform committee said h«
had been Instructed to move that th«
platform should be adopted by the con
vention by acclamation. The motion waa
put and amid a roar of cheers and an
plause the platform was adopted without
a word of dissent. The announcement of
Chairman Richardson of the adoption nt
the platform was followed by a stunning
shout which made the building ring from
one end to the other. s rrom
Webster Davis Turns Democrat.
Then followed a stirring and di">mlfi~
scene The plank in the platrora^d^
nouncing England's policy toward t>w»
Boers hud called out immense applause
but when it was announced bv Chairmn^
Richardson that the convention w™TC
addressed by Hon. Webster • Davh f n^
mer Assistant Secretary of the Iniwfcv"
the crowd manifested its enthu*l«m h»
cheering for quite. two. minute" „",&
; former Republican leader aseendert l*t
platform and stood facing thonsanri, £?
spectators The speech ofslrK'wa,
arranged in order to enable him to an
nounce his allegiance to the Democrat?^
party and the Democratic platform 21,5
to the ticket of the convention m and
In dramatic stylo and with all r ho t n ™~.
and magnetism of a fine orator, Mr iS
vis began his address. He said in part-
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Com'-n
Men: ' I appreciate very highly the hnnV.- n *
f erred upon me by invitlnf me to say°a C 2£
words at this time. I have been >, fe 1
bi B hly by another party than this m theiES*
I have «ervcd that party weM an "hivl
dered »erv!ces aa good as the honor I recelv?rt
ami the account la balanced now. (Oreat »n
plau.«e and cheering). Life-human life-i, hut
a narrow span between two great \Jnfcn,,^
eternities, and life ta too .hort fw a ,
sacrifice hi. principle, or his love of Sum?
for money or for office In this republic ?£/
thuslastlc applause and cheering ineVer vet
lead or heard a platform that was m lnt»4fv
uuestions are now before the America * mod^T
vata criticism. I care nothing for office, for I
tured the convention. His voice was clear
and ringing and penetrated to the utter
most parts of the hall.
Speaking of Wisconsin, he Bald that al
though It had- 'given a majority against
Bryan in 1896, it could be brought this
year into the Democratic column by a
proper platform and a suitable running
mate for Mr. Bryan. He said the De
mocracy was in the saddle to fight for the
principles enunciated by Thomas Jeffer
son, who, in the present day, was personi
fied by William J. Bryan.
Mayor Rose made a strong appeal to the
convention, to" remain by the great army
of German voters throughout the country.
Those voters, he declared, held the bal
ance of power between the Democratic
and Republican parties.
"We believe that we can secure their co
operation," he said, earnestly, "and this
convention ought to hold out to them
every. Inducement to stand by us."
The fight of the approaching campaign
Ex-Senator Stephen M. White of California Delivers
". One of me Most Eloquent Speedies of the Con
vention in Seconding the Nomination of the
WILD ENTHUSIASM FOR PLATFORM AND NOMINEE
THE SAX Fli ANcisCO CALL, FRID AY, eTULY 6, 1900.
2Continued from Second Page.
are In great peril, that the very existence of
our constitutional republic Is at stake, and that
the decision now to be rendered will determine
whether or not our children are to enjoy thes«
blessed privileges of free government which
have made the United States great, prosperous
and honored, we earnestly ask for the foregoing
declaration of principles the hearty support of
the liberty-loving American people, regardlew
of previous party affiliations.
ENTHUSIASM
FOR PLATFORM
AND NOMINEE
SENATOR JOXE3 OF ARKAN
SAS IN HI3 PL.AKTATION
CLOTHES.
tion of supporting the Democratic party
and its ticket, Mr. Davis said with great
emphasis: V ,. ' , ._ »
"I stand upon this platform and shall
support William Brennincs."
It was a curious and laughable confu
sion of the syllables of Mr. Bryan's
name. But the crowd knew what he
meant and cheered him wildly.
A« Mr. Davis concluded the band struck
up "Hail to the Chief," and while it was
rendering the air he held an impromptu
reception upon the platform.
Chairman Richardson was the first to
grasp his hand as be concluded. Others
crowded around him until he had great
difficulty in retaining his feet. He left the
platform as soon as he was able, but all
the way to his seat he was given shouts
of approval by those he passed. The band
passed from "Hail to the Chief to
"America." and the convention sang with
It until the band would play no more.
Nominations in Order.
Sergeant at Arms Martin rose to his
feet and waved desperately for silence.
When a few degrees of noise had been
eliminated Chairman Richardson said:
"The next business before the conven
tion Is the nomination for the Presldency
of the United States. The secretary will
call the roll of States."
Before doing so the secretary read the
names of the committee appointed by the
chair to confer with the Silver Republi
cans and Populists, in accordance with
the resolutions introduced by George
Fred Williams of Massachusetts at the
morning session. They are: George Fred
Williams, Massachusetts: Judge Berry.
Arkansas: W. H. Thompson, Nebraska;
Charles Thomas, Colorado: J. S. Rose,
Wisconsin: Thomas Martin,-* Virginia:
James G Maguire. California: B L R Till
man, South Carolina; Carter H. Harrison,
"Alabama," the secretary then shouted,
commencing the call of the rolL _
"The State of Alabama, said the chair
man of the delegation of that State,
"yields to Nebraska the privilege of nam
ing the next President of the United
\v\ e E>. Oldham of Kebraaka. who
was to present the name of Mr.
Bryan to the convention, was waiting
by the chairman's desk, and as the
chairman of the Alabama delegation
resumed his seat he came forward'and In
a few graceful words expressed his ap
preciation of the favor extended by Ala
bama in surrendering its time to the State
of Mr. Bryan. v .
Oldham JPresents Bryan's Name.
Mr. Oldham is a man of about 50 year3
of age, something under middle size,
with a slight forward stoop. His face is
'dean shaven and his black hair was close
ly cropped. " His voice is clear and pleas
ant and carries far; his delivery was
agreeable and throughout his address he
received the close attention of the con-
Srention. He said: \,
. Mr. Chairman: More than a hundred years
ago the Continental : Congress . of America
adopted a declaration which had been drafted
by. the founder, of the Democratic party, and
the Joyous tones of the old Liberty Bell which
Senator Benjamin Ryan Tiliman of South Carolina Reading the Platform
to the Convention.
Mr. Davis made eloquent reference to
the universal response of American citi
zens. North South, to the call to arms
at the outbreak of the war with Spain,
his words producing one of those scenes
of disorderly enthusisam which so often
marked the proceedings of the day. When
order was again restored the speaker
said:
Up until that point the war was right but
when we passed beyond that point the admin
istration went too far. But it was another
indication of following in the footstep* of
Great Britain. When our flag rose over the
flag of the rotten Spanish monarchy the Amer
ican republic could not resist the temptation
of following In the footsteps of Great Britain
and it thirsted for land and gold, and there Is
where the mistake waa made. We should have
stopped at the end of ¦ the Spanish victor}',
when we brought liberty to the people who
were being ground to death under the heel of
Spanish tyranny.
We do love liberty. The masses of the Ameri
can people stand for the . blessed Idea of lib
erty, Justice and equality of rights, and I dare
say to-day, if It were posalble to get the
news over the British cable to the Boer farm
ers In ' the two South African republics. • that
these I representatives of . six or seven million
American voters send a word of sympathy to
them many a Boer would shout for joy in the
hills of the Transvaal. A grander struggle for
liberty was never made in all the world's his
tory than the struggle being made by the re
publicans and democrats in South Africa. Let
us sympathize with them, and I am glad that
you have taken this action to-day, and at the
polls in November follow It up. Let American,
principles ever live. Let them go on down for
years to come an Institution to generations yet
unborn. -' Liberty, love of country, - ¦. one flag,
one country; • one ' splendid : destiny alone. I
stand upon this platform and support William
Jenninra Bryan. .. -aiMHgBMiBBtPSWP 81
In . conclusion, in announcing his lnten-
In Britain's Footsteps.
that country— for me. I say unfortunate, finan
cially and politically— but I say now I will
never defend it again, because it haa not taken
the chance at its national convention to tell
the American people that we are for liberty
and republican forma of government. (Great
applause).
Liberty! We all love the splendid word— the
sweetest word that ever blossomed upon the
tongues of men, and as one sreat Republican
Senator said in the United States Senate, it
has come to pass that we must whisper the
word "liberty" In Washington.
gave up one voluntarily better than any you
give me (great applause and cheering), and the
man' or newspaper 'that makes the statement
that I was rorced to leave the administration
against , my will absolutely,', unqualifiedly and
maliciously lies. (Thunderous applause and
cheering).
I love liberty, I love equality of rights and
I love Justice; and when the party that I Be
long to haa been too cowardly to take a stand
f o"r liberty, when ; It allies itself with British
aristocracy and monarchy, I leave it and leave
ii for good. (Wild and enthusiastic applause
and- cheering). In : every part of Europe and
Africa the charge Is made by the British press
and the British officials that there is a secret
alliance . between _ this country and Great
Britain; that in case of any foreign nation
attempting to intervene in behalf of the poor
Boers this republic will stand by Great Britain
with Its army and Its navy... (Cries of "No!"
No!") i:i|ffl'»J^WWilt^i*tt* lll iaW*»«»J»i«'P«M»t^a
I ' have yet .. to hear of the ", administration
denying that report. I defended the adminis
tration in every address I have • made ¦ in be
half of the Boers since my unfortunate visit to
FOR SELF GOVERNMENT.
•Believing in the principles of self-government
and rejecting, as did our forefathers, the claim
of monarchy, we view with Indignation the pur
pose of England to overwhelm with force the
South African republics. Speaking, as we be
lieve, for the entire American nation, except
Its Republican office-holders, and for all free
men everywhere, we extend our sympathies j to
the heroic burghers In their unequal struggle
to maintain their liberty and Independence.. ,
We denounce the lavish appropriations of the
recent Republican Congresses, which have kept
taxes hirh and which threaten : the perpetua
tion of oppressive war levies. We oppose the
accumulation of a surplus to be squandered in
mich bare-faced frauds upon the taxpayers ' as
the shipping subsidy bill, which, under the
false pretense of prospering American ship
building, would put unearned millions Into the
pockets of several contributors to the Republi
can campaign fund. . We favor the reduction
and speedy repeal of the war taxes ; and a*, re
turn to the time-honored Democratic policy of
strict economy, in Governmental expenditures.
Believing that our most cherished institutions
those Territories immediate statehood and
home rule during their condition aa Territories
and we favor home rule as a territorial form of
government for Alaska and Porto Rico.
We favor an intelligent system of Improving
the arid lands of the West, storing the waters
for purpose of Irrigation and the holding of
such lands for actual settlers.
We favor the continuance and strict enforce
ment of the Chinese exclusion law and its ap
plication to the same classes of all Asiatic
races.
Jefferson eald: "Peace, commerce and honest
friendship with all nations, entangling alli
ances with none." We approve this whole
some doctrine and earnestly protest against
the Republican departure which has involved
us in go-called world politics, including the
diplomacy of Europe and intrigue and land
prabbintr of Asia, and we especially condemn
the ill-concealed Republican alliance with Eng
land, which must mean discrimination against
ether friendly nations, and which has already
stifled the nation's commerce while liberty is
becoming strangled In Africa.
At 5:30 there were still no prospects of
an early report of the platform commit
tee and the convention adjourned until 9
o'clock to-morrow.
A sub-committee from the Silver Repub
lican committee called upon Senators Till
manand Jones to-day to arrange for a
conference of the full committee with a
committee from the Democrats in regard
to placing Charle3 A. Towr.e In nomina
tion by both conventions. Senators Jor.es
and Tillman assured the sub-committee
that they would do all in their power to
bring about such a conference.
When the convention quieted David M.
Kennedy, delegate from Minneapolis, at
tempted to make a speech but after talk
ing a few minutes a Kansas delegate
yelled "Sit down: 1 ' and for two minutes
the convention was in an uproar. The
Minnesota delegate positively refused to
sit down and rolled up his sleeves to lend
emphasis to his refusal. It looked for a
time as though a few fist fights would
occur, but the angry delegate finally
quieted down and "Foghorn" Worsley of
Wisconsin, a member of the Populist con
ference committee. m«ide a brief address
congratulating the delegates on the pend
ing success of their mutual efforts. Judge
Phillips of California and J. R. Sovereign,
former president of the Federation of
Labor. ' addressed the convention briefly.
Fighting Barely Averted.
Cheadle of Indiana interrupted the
speaker to announce that the Democratic
National Convention had appointed a
committee to confer with the Silver Re
publican committee in regard to the can
didacy of Charles A. Towne. A wild out
burst of applause followed and the names
of Bryan and Towne were cheered again
and again.
Delegates were apparently In a humor
to listen to speeches and shouts went up
for Altgeld, Pettigrew and Hartman. Th»
latter responded briefly. Congressman
Shaforth of Colorado followed him In a
short speech. He aroused enthusiasm by
saying that the silver question would not
die so long aa there were debtors and
creditors.
When the convention reassembled at
3:20 p. m. Judge Van Vorhis reported that
the committee on resolutions would not ba
ready to report for several hours, al
though the platform had practically been
agreed upon. The national commltteemen
agreed upon by the various State dele
gations were announced. R. A. O'Hara
of Montana and C. J. Bassett of Idaho
were reported In addition to those an
nounced last night.
J. X. Crowe of South Dakota Introduced
a resolution changing the name of the
Silver Republican party to Lincoln Re
publican party and adopting the likeness
of Lincoln as the party embem. A small
row ensued, but after a short debate the
suggestion was referred to the committee
on resolutions.
Major John Brown (colored) of Kansas,
who saw service in Cuba, was applauded
when he promised the negro vote to the
Silver Republican party. An adjornment
was then taken.
"Gentlemen," said he. "I wish I knew
enough about parliamentary' tactics to
move to nominate Bryan and Towne by
acclamation, give belated thanks to God
for the sunshine of our cornfield*,
claimed by the Republican party, and ad
journ."
Waters aroused wild enthusiasm by his
fierce denunciation of the Republican
party.
"I don't believe." he said, in referring
to the Philippine war. "that the shambles
should be erected on the rains of Ameri
can homes."
Some one called upon the delegates pres
ent who voted for Abraham Lincoln to
stand up, and the convention yelled with
enthusiasm as nearly 200 white-headed
Cries for Joseph Waters of Kansas went
up from the delegates and Mr. Waters
was introduced.
Waters' Fiery Words.
A delegate from Missouri Introduced a
resolution of sympathy with the Boers. It
was referred to the resolutions committee.
The report of the committee on rules
and order of business was then made. It
provides for the nomination of Presiden
tial and Vice Presidential candidates Im
mediately after the report of the commit
tee on resolutions.
declared, were Inseparable. The small
banks of the country were in the power
of the city- banks, especially the banks of
New York, which, the speaker declared,
were In league with Lombard street. One
remedy he suggested was the removal of
duties on every article controlled by
trusts. The demand for Government own
ership of the telegraph and railroad sys
tem, as made by the speaker, met enthu
siastic applause. In criticising the for
eign and Philippine policy of the adminis
tration the speaker declared that it had
given a serious stab to the Monroe doo
trlne. The speaker was loudly cheered aa
he took his seat.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. July 5.— Ths
Silver Republican National Con
vention spent all of to-day in
waiting for the report of the com
mittee on resolutions. It was ex
pected that the platform would be out of
the way and nominations be in order at
least before the close of the afternoon ses
sion, but so much friction developed in the
sub-committee to which the drafting oi
the platform had been referred that it
was not until late this afternoon that the
formal enunciation of the party's prin
ciples was lot readiness to be presented to
the full committee. Once disputed points
' had been settled, however, the committee
cn resolutions lost no further time, but
promptly voted its approval of the sub
committee's work.
The main point of difference lay in the
attitude of the party on expansion, and on
this point both the sub-committee and th.?
full committee were divided practically
on geographical lines, the Eastern mem
bers favoring a condemnation of impe
rialism, while most of the members from
the Western States opposed this course.
. A plank denouncing imperiaJism .was
finally adopted, and in this shape the plat
1 form will be presented to the convention
to-morrow. Nearly the entire time of the
morning and afternoon sessions was spent
in listening to speeches.
Unless the unexpected happens, the con
vention will reach a final adjournment to
morrow afternoon. It is not expected
there will be any debate on the floor of
the convention over the adoption of the
platform and it is planned to nominaie
. both Bryan and Towne by acclamation.
The programme of speeches in placing
the ticket in nomination includes but six
addresses. Dr. Howard Taylor of Chi
cago will place "William J. Bryan in nom
ination for President and the seconding
speeches will be made by Judge Phillips
of California and former Congressman
Joseph B. Cheadle of Indiana. The nom
ination of Charles A. Towne for Vice
President will, according to the pro
gramme, be made by Senator Henry M.
Teller and the nomination will be second
ed by Stanley E. Parkill of Michigan and
former Congressman Hartman of Mon
tana.
The delegates struggled into the Audi
torium Hail very slowly this morning, and
when Chairman Teller called to order at
10:30 a. m. not more than half the dele
gates.were present. Chairman Teller was
extremely hoarse as a result of his long
speech yesterday and yielded the chair
to Frank Ransom of Nebraska,
Immediately after convening the roll
call on credentials was called for, jut it
was not ready and a recess was taken
until its report was completed.
The California delegation came to the
Auditorium to-day with the determination
to force the nomination of Bryan and
Towne, the first thing after permanent
organization. Delegates insisted that «he
Silver Republicans had left the old party
as a matter of principle, and as Bryan
and Towne represented the views cf the
Silver Republicans there was no noed to
delay proceedings by waiting on the plat
form.
After a short recess the committee on
credentials reported. The delegates pres
ent were reported as follows:
Nebraska .....233 Iowa ISO
Idaho 12'Callfornla 24
Wisconsin .' 35'Ohio 100
Washington 2 1 ): Minnesota 100
Indiana /97-Scuth Dakota 10
Kansas :2S7 North Dakota 23
Illinois 64 Colorado 47 '
Arkansas 12 Texas 2
New Jersey JO Montana 6
Utah 1* Oklahoma 19
Louisiana 5
The report was adopted
Brown Permanent Chairman.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion then reported the selection of Judge
W. G. Brown of Iowa as permanent chair
man of the convention and H. A. Mo-
Craney of California as permanent secre
tary.
"Judge Brown received hearty recogni
tion by the convention as he took thrs
chair. He said that the East had turned
to the West In the time of .Lincoln, so it
again turned to the West and found a
leader in the person of William Jennings
Bryan. '¦.•¦¦¦.
The mention of Bryan's name gave the
convention an opportunity of showing its
loyalty to the Democratic leader. The
chairman's further allusion to Charles ...
Towne as the candidate for second place
caused more emphatic applause than that
accorded to Bryan. The chairman re
viewed the history of financial legisla
"The money question will not be settled
until the national banks are driven out of
power," he said.
The question of money and trusts, he
Much of the history of this Republic shall
be either made or marred by the action of
this convention. Tou. as representatives or.
the only pany which Is co-exlstent with th»
nation itself— tho only party which ever hvi
within its own ranks sufficient constructive
statesmanship to create a nation In which
each citizen becomes a sovereign — have, trua
to the traditions you bear, in your platform
set out in simple language, with a decided
American accent, a plan for the people's re
demption from each sacrilege and schism
taught by the Republican party. The plan
contains nothing but the approved precepts
of the elders and doctors of your faith. If,
on a platform, you place a candidata whoss
devoted and unblemished lift shall stand as
a pledge to the plain people that he. In good
faith, will carry out the solemn, covenants
With hearts unehilled by the selfish senti
ments of cold commercial l!rn, you have re
sponded patriotically .to each sentiment con
tained in democracy's first platform as it was
read to you at the opening of this convention:
and In view of the radical departure which
the party in power has made from the princi
ples set forth in that historic document, it
is meet that we, true believers In the Re
public of old, should when choosing a field and
forming our lines for the bloodless battle of
ballots now impending say in the languages
of one of the loved patriots of, long ago: "Read
this declaration at the head of the army, and
every sword shall be drawn from Its scabbard
and a solemn vow taken to maintain it or to
perish on the bed of honor."
greeted the act announced to a waiting world
that a nation had been born.
KA.X6AS CITY. Mo.. July 5.—Follow
ing is the official text of the plat
form as agreed upon by the com
mittee on resolutions and adopted
by the Democratic National Con
vention:
We, th# representatives of the Democratic
party cf the Cniied States, assembled in na
tlor.al ccr.ver.tion en the anniversary cf the
•doption of the Declaration cf Independence,
to reafTirm our faith In that Immortal procla
rrst.-r. cf the lnalienatlve rights of man and
©ur allegiance to the constitution formed In
haroor.y therewith by tht fathers of the re
public.
AGAINST IMPERIALISM.
"We hold with the United States Supreme
Court that the Declaration of Independence Is
lh» spirit cf our Government, of which the
constitution Is the form and letter. We de
elare apain that all arovemments Instituted
¦jr.ona; men derive their just powers from the
Ce8«8t cf the governed.: that any government
Cct based upon the consent of the governed is
• tyranny, and that to linpo»» upon any peo
ple a government oSoer is to substitute the
jeethoda cf Imperialism for those of a republic.
ho'.fl that the constitution follows rhe flag
and denounce the doctrine that an executive 01
a cargTvaa. deriving existence and pewer
.frcsn the constitution, can exercise unlawful
Wutherity beyond It in violation of it. We
aaeert that no ntticn can long enflure half re
public and half empire, and we warn the peo
ple that lEiserisJism abroad will lead Quickly
svnd i=e\-.tably to despotism at home.
PORTO BICO A2JD CUBA-
PHILIPPUTE POLICY.
Believing In theee fundamental principles,
denounce the Porto Rican law enacted by
» Republican Congress, against the protest and
¦cppc«iticn cf the Democratic minority, as a
told and cpen violation cf the nation's organic
law and a Vagrant breach of the national good
!• '.'.'.-. It irr.poeee upon the people of Porto
¦Rico a government without their consent and
taxation without representation. It dishonors
the American people by repudiating a solemn
pledge cade In their behalf by the command-
Ing general of our army, which the Porto Ri
cans welcomed to a peaceful and unreslsted
occupation of their land. It doomed to poverty
and distress a people whO6e helplessness ap
peals with peculiar force to our Justice and
ir.agrjar.!mlty. In this, the Cm act of its im
perialistic prograxsnie, the Republican party
peeks to commit the United States to a colonial
policy Inconsistent with republican Institutions
and condemned by the Supreme Court in nu
merous decisions.
We demand the prompt and honest fulfillment
ef every pledge to the Cuban people and the
world, that the l_"nited States has no disposi
tion or intention to exercise sovereignty. Juris
diction or control over the island of Cuba, ex
cept for its pacification. The war ended nearly
two yeiirs a;o. profound peace reign* all over
the is!;: . and rtill the administration keeps
the government of the island from Its people.
while Republican carpet-bag officials plunder
Jt» revenues and esrploit the colonial theory to
the disgrace of the American people.
We ieoadesaa end denounce the Philippine pol
icy of the present administration. It has em
bmiled the republic in en unnecessary war.
? ¦ r.:~. •«. \:.- Urn (ft many of Its noblest eons
and placed the United States, previously known
end applauded throughout the world as the
champion of freedom, la the false and un-
American position of crashing with military
force the efforts of our former allies to achieve
liberty and self-government. The Filipinos
canr.ot be citirens without endangering our civ
ilization; they cannot be subjects without im
periling our form cf government, and as we are
not willing to surrender our civilization or to
convert the republic Into an empire, we favor
an immediate declaration of the nation's pur
pose to give to the Filipinos first, a state of
arovernrcent; second, independence; and third,
protection from outaile interference, such as
has been given for nearly a century to the re
publics of Central and South America.
The greedy commercialism which dictated the
Philippine policy of the Republican adminis
tration attempts to justify it with the plea that
It will pay, but even this sordid and unworthy
plea fails when brought to the test of facts.
The "war of criminal aggression" against the
Fbilirpises. entailing annually an expense of
many millions, has already cctt more than any
possible profit that could accrue from the en
tire Philippine trade for years to come. Fur
thermore, when trade Is extended at the ex
pense of liberty the price is always too high.
TERRITORIAL EXPANSION.
W« are not opposed to territorial expansion
whea it takes In desirable territory which can
be erected into States in the Union and whose
people are willing and fit to become American
citizens. We favor trade expansion by every
peaceful and legitimate means. But we are un
alterably i ;;¦ c-1 to the seizing or purchasing
of distant KaaAa to be governed outside the
constitution aad whoe* people can never be
come citiien*. We are In favor of extending
the republic's inSuer.ee among the nations, but
believe that Influence should be extended, not
toy force and vioience, but through the persua
sive policy of a high end honorable example.
The importance of ether questions not pending
before the American people is Xa nowise dimin
ished, and the Democratic party takes no back
ward step from lu position on them, but the
burning issue cf Imperialism, growing out of
the Spanish War, Involves the very existence
of the republic and the destruction of our free
Institutions. W« regard It aa the paramount
Issue of the campaign.
The declaration la the Republican platform
adopted at the Philadelphia convention, held In
June, 1SO0, that the Republican party "stead
fastly afiheres to the policy announced In the
Slonro* doctrine," Is manifestly insincere and
deceptive. This profession is oontradlcted by
the avowed policy of the party In opposition
to the spirit of the Mcaroe doctrine, to acquire
and hold aoreralgnty over large areaa of terri-
I
tory and large numbers' of people In the Eait
ern Hemisphere. We insist on the strict main
tenance of the Monroe* doctrine in all Us
integrity. In letter and In spirit, as necessary
to prevent the extension of European authority
on this continent and as essential to our su
premacy in American affairs. At the same
time we declare that no American people shall
ever be held by force in unwilling subjection
to European authority.
MILITARISM OPPOSED.
"We oppose militarism. It means conquest
abroad and intimidation and oppression at
horn*. It means the strong arm which has ever
been fatal to free institutions. It is what mil
lions of our citizens have fled from In Europe.
It will impose upon our peace-loving people a
large standing army, an unnecessary burden
of taxation and a constant menace to their lib
erties. A email standing army and a well-disci
plined State militia are amply sufficient In time
of peace. This republic has no place for a vast
military service and conscription. When the
nation li in d.ir.per the volunteer soldier is his
country's beet defender. The Xatlona! Guard
of the United States should ever be cherished
in the patriotic hearts of a free people. Such
organisations are ever an element of strength
and safety. For the first time in our history
end co-evil with the Philippine contest has
there been a wholesale departure from our
time-honored and approved system of volun
teer organization. We denounce It ai un-
American. un-Democratic and as a subversion
of the ancient and fixed principles of a free
people.
ON THE TRUST EVIL.
Private monopolies are indefensible and In
tolerable. They destroy competition, control
the price of all material and finished product,
thus robbing both producer and consumer. They
lessen the employment of labor and arbitrarily
fix the terms and conditions thereof, and de
prive Individual energy and small capital of
their opportunity for betterment.
Thay are the most efficient means yet de
vised for appropriating the fruits of industry
to the benefit of the few at the expense of the
many, and unless their Insatiate greed Is cneck
ed all wealth will be aggregated In a few
hands and the republic be destroyed. The dis
honest paltering with the trust evil by the
Republican party in State and national plat
forms is conclusive proof of the truth of the
charge that trusts are the legitimate product
of Republican policies, that they are fostered
by Republican laws and that they are protect
ed by the Republican administration in return
for campaign .subscriptions and political sup
port
DEMOCRACY'S PLEDGE.
We pledge the Oemocratic party to an un
ceasing warfare In nation. State and city
agaicEt private monopoly in every form. Exist
ing laws against trusts must be enforced and
more stringeirt ones must be enacted providing
for publicity as to the affairs of corporations
engaged in Interstate commerce and requiring
all corporations to show before doing business
outside of the State of their origin that they
have no water in their stock and that they
have not attempted and are not attempting to
monopolize any business or the production of
any articles of .merchandise, and the whole
constitutional power of Congress over Inter
state commerce and the mails and all modes of
Interstate communication Fhall be exercised by
the enactment of comprehensive laws upon the
subject of trusts. Tariff laws should be amend
ed by putting the products of trusts upon the
free list to prevent monopoly under the plea
of protection.
The failure of the present Republican admin
istration, with an absolute control over all
the branches of national government, to enact
any leglFlation designed to prevent or even
curtail the absorbing power of trusts and Il
legal combinations, or to enforce the anti-trust
laws already on the statute books, proves the
insincerity of the high-sounding phrases of the
Republican platform.
Corporations should be protected in all their
rights and their legitimate interests should be
respected, but any attempt by corporations to
interfere with the public affairs of the people
or to control the sovereignty which created
them should be forbidden under such penalties
as will make such attempts impossible.
We condemn . the Dingley tariff law as a
trust-breeding measure, skillfully devised to
give the few favors which they do not deserve
and to place upon the many burdens which
they should not »>ear.
We favor such an enlargement of the scope
of the Interstate commerce law as will enable
the commission to protect individuals and com
munities from discrimination and the public
from unjust and unfair transportation rates.
THE SILVER PLAUK.
We reaffirm and Indorse the principles of the
National Democratic platform adopted at Chi
cago In 1SS6, and we reiterate the demand of
that platform for an American financial sys
tem made by the American people for them
selves which shall restore and maintain a bi
metallic price level and as part of such sys
tem the Immediate restoration of the free and
unlimited colnaee of silver and Kold at the
present legal ratio of 16 to I, without waiting
for the aid or consent of any other nation.
We denounce the currency bill enacted at the
last session of Congress as a step forward In
the Republican policy, which alms to discredit
the sovereign right of the national Govern
ment to Issue all money, whether coin or pa
per, and to bestow upon national banks the
power to issue and control the volume of paper
money for their own benefit. A permanent na
tional bank currency, secured by Government
bonds, must have a permanent debt to rest
upon, and If the bank currency Is to In
crease with population and business, the debt
must also Increase. The Republican currency
scheme Is therefore a scheme for fastening upon
the taxpayers a perpetual and growing debt for
the benefit of the banks. We are opposed to
this private corporation paper circulated as
money, but without legal tender qualities, and
demand the retirement of national bank notes
as the Government paper of silver certificates
can be substituted for them.
We favor an amendment to the Federal con
etlutlon providing for the election of United
States Senators by direct vote Of the people,
and we favor direct legislation wherever prac
ticable.
VVe are opposed to government by Injunction;
we denounce the blacklist and favor arbitra
tion as a means of settling disputes between
corporations and their employes.
AMEBICAN LABOR.
In th« Interest of American labor and the
upbuilding of the workingman, as the corner
stone of the prosperity of our country, we rec
ommend that Congress establish a Department
of Labor in charce of a Secretary with a seat
In the Cabinet, believing that the elevation of
the American laborer will brine with It in
creased production and increased prosperity to
our country - at home and to our commerce
abroad.
We are proud of the courage and fidelity of
the American Eoldlers and sailors In all our
wars; we favor liberal pensions . to them and
their dependents and we reiterate the position
taken In the Chicago platform of 1S36 that the
fact of enlistment and service shall be deemed
conclusive evidence against disease and dis
ability before enlistment.
We favor the Immediate construction, owner
ship and control of the Nicaragua canal by
the United States, and we denounce the Insin
cerity of the plank In the Republican national
programme of an Isthmian canal In the face of
the failure of the Republican majority to pass
the bill pending In Congress. We condemn the
Ka>-Pa.uncefote treaty as a surrender of Amer
ican rizhts and Interests not to be tolerated by
the American people.
We denounce the failure of the Republican
party to carry out lu pledges, to rrant state
hood to Territories of Arizona, New Mexico
and Oklahoma, and we promise the people of
WE reaffirm and indorse the principles of the National Democratic platform adopted at Chicago in +
1896, and we reiterate the demand of that platform for an American financial system made by the +.
American people for themselves -vhich shall restore and maintain a bimetallic price level, and as part of +
such system the immediate restoration of the free and unlimited coinage of silver and gold at the pres- "*
ent legal ratio of 16 to 1 without waiting for the aid or consent of any other nation. +
TROUBLESOME SILVER PLANK
WHICH IS SUBORDINATED
Platform Adopted by the Conven
tion Dwells Upon Expansion and
Trusts and Sinks the Silver
Plank Prepared by Bryan to the
Bottom of Democratic Declara
tions.
Silver Republicans Will Nominate
Bryan and Towne by Acclama
tion Despite the Action Taken by
the Democrats-Almost a Free
Fight During the Proceedings of
the Convention.
ANTI-IMPERIALISM MADE THE PARAMOUNT ISSUE
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL/FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900.
Continued on Eighth Page.
19
EX-CONGRESSMAN' JAMES
HAMILTON LEWIS. THE EC
CENTRIC STATESMAN* FROM
WASHINGTON.
3OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAS
Postmasters Appointed, Pensions
Granted and Increased, and
Army Orders.
Special Pifrstch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 5.-Postmasters
appointed to-day were as follows: Oregon
— Tuaiitin, Washington County, R. F.
Potts.
Washington— Katoos-a, Clallam County.
J. M. Cowan.
Frank J. Marvin of Spokane, Washing
ton, was appointed railvfay mail clerk.
Pacihc Coast pensions were granted to
day as follows: California: Original —
Solomon Beckom, Westport, $S; John
Stevens, Visalia, $6; Morris J. Keating,
Los Angeles. }6.
Increase — John Chapman, Diamond
Springs. $S; William Witzell, Table Rock,
tK; Marcellus E. Chapman. Havilah, $10;
Thomas J. Cole, Clay, $S; James A. White.
Placerville, Is; minor child of Charles L.
Hussey. Lofl Angeles, $10'; C. Hussey, dead,
Los Angeles, JS.
Oregon: Increase— Joseph C. Walker,
La Grande, $10; minor child of Alvin A.
Lenon, Salem. $14.
Washington: Original— James H. Chase.
Wer.atchee, $7; John P. Sites, Walla
Walla. Sis; August Konitz, Spokane, $S;
Benjamin F. Carrington. Enumiclaw, $%.
Army orders— Major Henry A. Green,
Fourteenth Infantry, has been ordered
from San Francisco to this city for duty
with the adjutant general. Lieutenant
Joseph A. Baer. Sixth Cavalry, has been
ordered to San Francisco to await further
instructions.
The Comptroller of the Currency has
approved the Los Angeles National Bank
of Los Angeles as the reserve agent for
the San Bernardino National Bank at San
Ucrr.ardino. Cal.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Jonathan O. Meeker. Occidental; Laura
A. Burnham, Piru City.
?¦-
CHICAGO SWELTERING
UNDER A HOT WAVE
Five Deaths and Thirteen Prostra
tions the Record for One
Day.
CHICAGO. July 5.— The temperature of
91 degrees that has tortured Chicago for
the past two days did not vary to-day.
To-night five more deaths and thirteen
prostrations have been reported. They
are: Dr. Robinson Tripp, aged 79, who
died at his home; Andrew Cushman, who
died in a hospital; Ludwig R:ban, aged
one year; William Keene, who died at his
home, and John Teach, who died in a
hospital.
FIGHT AMONG CATTLEMEN.
Two Are Dead and More Trouble Is
Expected.
Special Diermtch to The Call.
TUCSON. Ariz.. July 5.— Antonio Sosos
and Jose Vasquez, Mexican cattlemen on
San Pedro Itiver, are both dead as the
result of a fight with six shooters over
a brand. The men had previously been
food friends and lived on adjoining ranges
or many years. The cowboys employed
on the ranges have taken up the quarrel
and serious trouble Is feared.
BOMB AT HIS TX>OB.
Attempt Apparently Made to Destroy
the Home of Sheriff Smith.
TJKIAH. July 5. — A piece of gas pipe
containing a stick of dynamite with a
fuse attached was found in front of the
residence of Sheriff J. H. Smith this
morning by Marshal de Merritt, the bomb
was large enough to have wrecked the
dwelling had it exploded. The fuse was
burned to within half an inch of tha
dynamite. Officers are investigating.
water for Irrigation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. July 5.— J. M. Wilson, ex
pert irrigationist. and his assistant, Frank
Adams, acting under authority from the
Agricultural Department, have about
completed one branch of their investiga
tion at Cache Creek. They have been en
gaged in ascertaining the amount of land
irrigated and susceptible of irrigation; the
amount of water available for irrigation
purposes and the methods employed for
distribution. They are now examining
records for the purpose of making an ab
stract of the records of claims to water;
character of these records, including the
number of claims, total volume claimed,
places where recorded and the ease or
difficulty with which the vaiidlty of any
claim can be determined.
Suit for Back Bents.
MONTEREY, July 5.— A suit has Just
been filed in the Superior Court of Mon
terey County against the Monterey Power
Company of this city and S. M. Archer
of Salinas. James Kelkher, the plaintiff
seek? to recover possession of 320 acres
of laund in the Little Sur district and $3600
damages on account of rents due since
1896, at which time, it is alleged, the
defendants entered Into Illegal posses«ion
of the lar.d. The suit will be closely fol
lowed by the citizens of Monterey.
Thro-wni From a Wagon.
AVON'. July 5.— While returning from a
dance early this morning a party of six
teen in driving down a hill near Lefay
e-tte were thrown from the wapon. Charles
Symon's ribe and \V. C. Smith's leg's were
broken. Several ladles Trere bedly bruised
and one lost an ear. All were residents
of Orinda Park.
Special DiFpo-tch to The Call
CALL HEADQl'ARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON', Jul?
£— Secretary Root le preparing; i
bill for the reorganization of th<
regular army even more radlca
In its nature than the one submitted a
last session. In order to obviate all an
tagr-nism from the members of the staf
of the regular Fervice, the Secretary ha;
prepared a circular letter and sent it tc
each chief of the War Department bu
reaus calling for his opinion relative t<
the reorganization of the staff as appliei
to his individual department.
The Secretary said to-day that he ha:
decided to have the new bill provide fo:
complete reorganization of the artillery
along the same lines proposed In the ok
measure. Yesteiday he had a long con
ference with Captain Lewis, a prominen'
oliicer in the artilkry. and the grounc
of the reorganization for this arm of th»
service was carefully gone over.
It is also proposed by the Secretary t<
ask for certain relief for the cavalry. I
seems to be his opinion that the cavalrj
thould be increased from ten to twelvi
regiments in order not only to give i
larger mounted force, but also to maki
promotions faster among tbe officers now
serving in that arm of the service.
An official of the War Department ir
close touch with the Secretary says ii
is the Intention of the department to asl
Cor.gress for a stanair.g army of not less
thari 75,009 men. army of this size.
!i is estimated, will be needed to sue
cenfolly cope with the situation in tht
Philippines and elsewhere. Speaker Hen
derson will himself, if necessary, take the
floor for the purpose of introducing the
forthcoming military bill.
Would Have From T«n to Twelv*
More Cavalry Regiments and
Total Force of Seventy-
Five Thousand.
War Secretary Is Preparin
a Bill to Introduce in
Congress.
ROOT DESIRES
AN INCREASE OF
STANDING ARMY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900.
4
%%m we began to remodel our store. A full force of carpenters and mechanics l|s|
l|£2i ipJi started to work to enlarge our basement, also to convert our entire second floor into an W&l
iig-ii ''' ! "' :n: ' llik immense salesroom and to modernize our two frontages and otherwise beautify the store W%\
fe£ll qenerally. Our business has grown to such an extent that we are compelled to use every bit of Wm
M&m available space. While this remodeling is going on there will be an abundance of noisy confusion ip^l
ii&l while the men are at work, and during this period our store will not be the most comfortable place S|%;i
Ip il to make purchases, but you can count on this: Whether you are in need of a suit, an overcoat, a gifl
1^1 pair of pants, a hat, a shirt, a necktie, a suit of underwear, or anything in men's or boys' wearing p^i
|£-§ apparel except shoes, you can get just what you want here for far less money than in any other §0t
E0§, place in San Francisco. Just note below the big reductions. Remember you are getting 1900 BSl
|S| goods — stylish, fashionable and up-to-date goods at actual reductions. W>?'<
Sp£|| Other than the noise you will find no inconvenience when making purchases on the ground floor. While P^
%^M, y° u sacrifice a little comfort, the prices will atone for every inconvenience. The sale starts at eight o'clock this MMt
i?t?l$ morning. We suggest that you call early in order to avoid the overcrowding of the store in the afternoon. i|vl!
||?£|| Every department has reductions. Though we might not mention below what you want, remember you M$&t
UMm can 8 et lt at a savin g price. |0j^
111 Men's Suits / Boys' Clothing Itp
l|?V/:i A lot of tweeds and worsteds, this season's * J/v^': - _^ Boys' Sailor Suits, ages 3 to 10 years, made of " | ?0 j
styles and patterns, light weights and colors, various f^^rni T^AiTVnA^c^i^i^^ good quality brown mixed tweed and herringbone iS?!
p gj I shades and all desirable. We have sold these very /IMPROVING. HOME OlT~ ~~PH Sldpe ; re ° ular price of the suits is $1°° ; saIe P rice g % ?
K.$;j| suits for $7.50. £800 and $10.00. but they will be /[' .BUSINESS WITH' ART \ gf £* f\ M^iM
P-v;|! closed out during the sale for the remarkably low 4j«^>^^>^- ¦ . ¦ *^*r* • '"i 1 ••~+~ : ~~» \\ u (it*%\ W a su '^ E^ : ?
%'$'% f^k^% a suit I ffe I 1 E " i5 sl Boys' School Suits, with knee pants, ages 8 to P§;i
Jg;i-i I tr«C3CJr \ f%t I $fi 1 16 years, variety of desirable patterns; suits sold up
8v.v| \ t t==^^^^^^^^^^=3 '">•*/ to this mornm g or £ 26l > and ; school will be Ej.vr
%•:* M . , , .. . .. . t ., . .. „ , ' te^~J!l^^^^^Sfe^^d '°V opened soon again, so why not buv the bov a suit
IVSi A number of suits in black, full weight, all-wool 1 now wh-n the price is ' ' M'&i,
mi'&. m wors'ed cheviot; good suits, well made and lined, : . : m mggMC f f^^fw^\| ''WSJ!® " C 4 S^S'Sl
p£$l all sizes in single and double-breasted styles. & [ |^|| |^|| ' Si \ $1 *7 £\ &&i
0>\i g Also fancy checked worsteds, in neat, nobby pat- /; 5i( |^. -:?.•; g
%%'&% terns; these suits are particularly well made; they ]\ |^p^[ lltP^ l M
III I "e this season's production. Y p^^^^^^M g FumiShingS IB
h& '•':'•' ;|S Scotch mixtures, splendid suits for everv dav wear, as < * = : -- ¦¦ — — s^^'^^^^^- ; =~^-- :^ <XJ;iyl <? j r* • cm c j t f "?•• -f
sfyfyWl «. i r -• i j i i i mi " i j- \' *ft • *fy £"C,i ' Suspenders — Genuine Silk Suspenders, the proper i». v -"^
% /.'¦ vm thev are rough finished and the color will never show dirt • < ; J$A . »_v-"w - SEn • t j hi * • j i I* ¦ e£ '•*;'• ?<
&•'.'•:& r a t u- •"• T #-<£& <€^^2&^8> :^ Mj thing for dress, all colors, neatly striped, values 75c and $ i. oo 6^*'.^
¦!&'Y>'. 'Wm or fade from sunshine. h\ <JI?r*% s: x>g J^I&s&ll&j-l gw ? . J * /J v -"**'»<
,fV^-; m These three lots of suits have been sold here right along pS| •* * T* *.?."'¦ 7T,? t 7^71 T,T,r, $? & Pain P " CC n ° W P H 1
¦¦¦¦ii '•' v-3 iur y'Iu.lmj diiu. «pix.^u, ijul our price now is dui ,i,*.| « Miauin>itMiM«i liMShs.s 5"B.n Vr.""" 1 withth * 93 c5 't *~»c»Sr» e?~ ' •'• '*¦
W0M $£OC . fe ii^Plillli ii^l^feii^i Regular 50-cent Suspenders, made of first-class webb l|||
!^v^^ jT^ Sii^B a SUlt /;'; SurEL*,v.*C^™~"."3|; M'^hrk%^™vH! N^ tA elastic, leather cast-off ends, all colors, such as you will find ii ; ; /?s :
• \JJ*&A%J in all first-class suspenders; sale price 6 ::v: '^
W! Maii^c OuAirnQfc Viw£§!^^ \ *** a pair W&l
g.^ H , l ri^g^a^^ra^§f%^nj^H'§^sH " Neckties — We have taken every four-bit tie in the p £-L I
M pi^ Light and dark tan covert overcoats, box style, dressy, :;;.§py.M^ store and cut the price right in half; they consist of foulard, El \£;: I
P ; :!^i nobby and stylish; some come with linings and some with- ftl^OOJ^ksS^SS' rumshundas and twilled silks, in the very latest patterns and || Vo S
H ' # 5f;S out, so you can have your choice; all sizes; $10.00 is the r^SSIv&HH E§§S§SSi^f designs; in fact they comprise everything that is made in || '¦'?: 8
tw:> H P" ce tnat the > r nave so^ or U P t0 now J present price during 1 1 ;'¦" K '" V "" J ™ 1^ """ " lh " ' *"' == j "'j ties; the colors are too numerous to mention, the shaDes are K "•*••*• 'k
Jr^'i ' *' '•*» , , '¦•¦'¦¦¦ Si - - »j(A. I from twrwmkni :d. fallow' 2-J»L# Ulk W/ti *V » ¦
g:>^| the sale i . v^^^^^^' ¦¦¦* r^£/ t *v i zL> 0t puffs, four-in-hands, tecks, batwings and imperials; every tia tit >lv t
iM^M Men ' s All-Wool Pants : : : .Golf Shirts ip^l
W?" m JS ijf oriS?J t !Si n l»5 lu «« Out-of-Town Customers: stylish patterns g checks, S^ wfO. t
'h m l r panU for . c^ er y: day f ™* T OT . All out-of-town orders will be rilled promptly and carefully. Customers will be dealt with ender; percale material; every shirt p £V 3
xfrxi ?"•" v'7*a work: various shades in stripes ana 111 ' is full «ize and i» n^»i,. r>nV f aT '*"• '
M\^ m checks; usual prices of these pants arc as though they were present buying in person. We suggest that they read our announcements aie jj nk round-cornered cuffs wtth Wx %&
M. *'*'• 2 " 50 ' a^ d 0 ' h ? wt ji 1 - cl °-! e ' anc^ w^e usat once for anything they desire that is advertised. All orders for made-to-order each shirt: just the shirts for wear on W£ '<'/- 1
PSjIf extraormnamy c i ot hes by being made through our self-measuring system will please the customer in fit and ap- pS e^ g; regular value; sale p^l
w'v'^ 6f OCf pearance. Samples of cloth for made-to-order clothes will be sent to anvbody upon request. 2Z r parh l^* : '? '
'¦^ 1 * *** £*'**y 4 1 «J ¦ ¦ C4L *- fc3 ¦Pv^a M Br f *\]t JX t 1 t * p • &'* »** •* *A*
'^^/^ as the fedoras; the price of any of KM^B r HiailMBIMaBMaailliaMa^ l^ I 5c Cclch. 25c fOT 2 || '^jf/ 1
S^*«"i 'Im SLf\ **¦ ¦* r\ x/v 4 *^ .. ' an<^ comc in a great variety of stvli^h k"! X'*'*! £
|^» . 1«OU 718 Market Street gjf^ ; thcy are pra « icall y^ p^lBY JAMES K. JONES.
PALL HEADQUARTERS. - KANSAS
CITY, Mo., July 5.— No true Demo-
Ucrat could fail to be seriously im
pressed by the enthusiastic scenes
In to-day's convention. Nor, indeed,
could any good, true citizen of this 're
public, irrespective of political affiliation.
It was a noble sight.
The . reception of the platform formu
lated by the committee on resolutions
was most gratifying-, and In my opinion
a united determined party waging bat
tle for right against wrong. A battle for
tne weak and oppressed against the
strong is bound to succeed.
Stephen M, White Tells of
the Boundless Enthu
siasm in the Convention,
Which He Says Augurs
Democratic Success.
BY S. /Y\. WHITE.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, KANSAS
CITY, Mo.. July 5.— The boundless
enthusiasm In the convention hall
to-day I regard as an augury . of
Democratic success in this campaign.
It was a most Impressive spectacle. The
complete harmony shown in the conven
tion to-day when the platform was adopt
ed was most satisfactory. Especially were
all pleased when the gallant Democrat,
David B. Hill, seconded Bryan's nomina
tion in a rock-ribbed speech. It was no
surprise, for everybody expected just such
a speech from Senator Hill.
The platform adopted to-day seems to
be eminently satisfactory to all. As for
the Vice Presidency, there are several ex
cellent candidates available. The Cali
fornia delegation has not. yet decided to
cast her vote as a unit for any one of
them, but may cast ¦ individual votes in
the convention.
M. F. Tarpey Says the Spectacle Was Unequaled
in His Experience— Difficult to Make the
Vice-Presidential Selection.
7V\. FV TARPEY.
>-»¦ ALL, HEADQUARTERS, KANSAS CITT, July 5.— The enthusiasm In the convention to-day was unequaled by any
I . spectacle that I have witnessed In many years, although I have regularly attended national conventions of my party.
Lit was grand and inspiring and. is an indication that the peo'ple are alive to the issues of the time, and I firmly bellevo
that it betokens the success, of -the Democratic party at the polls next November. To-morrow we shall nominate a
Vice President and It Is a hard matter to make a selection when there are such excellent timbers available. Mr.
Towne Is an excellent man.'- So Is Stevenson. Mr. Hill is universally admired for his stanch Democracy. We ¦will endeavor
to-morrow to reach a common agreement when we assemble at the convention hall, but If we decide not to rote as a unit
there will undoubtedly be various preferences expressed by individual votes— some for Hill, some for Stevenson and others
for Towne.
Republican platform he accused the De
mocracy of trying to assassinate him and
showed his hat -with. a bullet hole-as evi
dence confirmatory of his statement. At
that time he was accused by the Demo
cratic editors of making the hole in tht»
hat with his own pistol with the object
of making false accusations. Davis is a
handsome fellow, athletic and well dress
ed. He spoke in clarion notes aTid madt
a magniltcent effort In behalf of the
Boers. He has a voice equal in power
and melody to that of Bryan. His allu
sions to the Boers were received with
thundering applause. He began by say
ing that no platform had ever been read
so intensely American as the one- just
read and concluded by declaring that he
was a Democrat and that he would sup
port both the platform and the. candi
dates. At the close of his address there
was another paroxysm of excitement.
Ex-Governor Stone of Missouri, Governor
McMillin of Tennessee and many promi
nent Democrats, including Senator Jones
of Arkansas, grasped him by the hand
and welcomed him to the Democratic
party Jerry Simpson remarked, "They
are initiating him on the platform and
are breaking him in now." The band add
ed fuel to the excitement by playing "Hall
to the Chief," and Webster was escorted
to his seat by a procession that embow
ered him in red, white and blue. "Amer
ica" was sung by the vast assemblage as
be took his seat.
When the procession passed Jerry Simp
son he termed it "The initiative and refer
endum." The convention then proceeded
to nominate a candidate for, Resident.
Alabama promptly yielded her right to
Nebraska. Mr. Oldham of Lincoln, At
torney General of the State, took the plat
form and made the opening speech for
Bryan. This was at t» o'clock. A scene
followed that equaled, if it did not sur
pass the extraordinary display when
the plank making imperialism the para
mount issue was reaa. The excitement
lasted fully as long and was equally as
demonstrative. The edge, however, had
been taken from it by the display made
while Tillman was reading the platform.
All the banners were again used and the
waving of flags was perfectly bewilder
ing ' ' ' '
The nomination was first seconded by
Judge Perkins of Texas, who spoke only
a minute or two. It was a commonplace
speech. As ho closed there were loud
shouts for Hill.
When California was called ex-Senator
White of that State responded with a
magnificent speech. Ho presided at the
Democratic National Convention when
Bryan was lirst nominated, and was
cheered to the echo.
Then Connecticut yielded to New lork
and for the first time since the opening
of the convention ex-Governor Hill took
the platform. There were screams and yells
of satisfaction with indiscriminate wav
ing of flags as the smooth surface of his
well known head appeared on the ros
trum. The chairman took him by the
hand and the ex-Governor acknowledged
the applause by bowing gTacefully to the
convention. When the tumult had subsided
he began to speak in tones smooth and
seductive, yet cold .and metallic. Every
ear was strained to catch the words that
fell from his lips. , When he said that he
hoped Mr. Bryan would not only have the
suuport of the party but of the united
pa'rtv there were great echoes of satis
faction. But the applause "reached its
height when the Governor shouted, "I
doubted the wisdom of some parts of the
platform, but the wisdom of the conven
tion overruled me and I acquiesced."
This was the only allusion made by the
ex-Governor to past events. Not a threat
of sarcasm or touch of recrimination was
apparent or felt. He closed with the pre
diction that New York would give to
Bryan her thirty-six electoral votes. As
he descended from the rostrum he was
greeted with round after round of ap
plause and the united shouts of "Hill.
HIM. David B. Hill." recalled the days
when the name of "Blalne. Elaine. James
G. Blalne" was the Republican slogan.
By this time the delegates were becom
ing weary of words and sharp and decis
ive they cried, "vote, vote." Several dele
gates tried to arouse enthusiasm and
failed. When John.W. Daniel of -Virginia,
however, climbed to the platform with
his crutches a hush fell upon the im
patient audience; Everybody listened.
Daniels was the living representative of
the dead actor. Edwin Booth. In ornate
language bristling with patriotic fervor
and sparkling with metaphors he paid his
tribute to Bryan, while the convention
listened as though charmed. It was not
the speech Mr. Daniel made eight years
ago when he placed David B. Hill in nom
ination as a candidate for the Presidency.
At that time while William L. Wilson of
West Virginia was presiding, he was al
most howled down by the adherenns of
Grover Cleveland. - The indignation of the
New York delegation was so great then
that they were urged by the South Car
olina delegates to leave the hall in a body.
The air. was again filled with shouts of
"vote, vote" as the secretary called the
next State. Various delegates then made
wearisome seconding speeches.
A ' final scene, however, * came when
Prince David from theTerritory of .Hawaii
took the platform. When his swarthy but
handsome face, flashing eyes and white
teeth appeared at the side of Chairman
Richardson, the excitement became in
tense. It reached the utmost pitch when
he spoke in a clear voice detailing his ar
guments with grace and enunciating his
words with a clearness rarely characteriz
ing a public speaker. The banner of this
island territory was again set in motion
and greeted with renewed enthusiasm
The roll was then called by States, each
chairman arising and plumping the vote
of his State for William J. Bryan as Its
candidate for the nomination for the Pres
idency. Mr. Bryan was declared nomin
ated and i after, another scene of pande
monium the convention adjourned to meet
to-morrow at 10:30 a. m. to nominate a
Vice-Presidential candidate.
Amos J. Cummings Wires a Vivid Pen Picture of the Men Whose
Speeches Stirred the Masses to Wild Enthusiasm.
WHY PRESIDENT McKINLEY SMILES
BY fIMOS J CUMMINGS.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. KANSAS
CITY. July 5.—There were exciting
scenes during the early hours of
the convention. Officers were sum
moned, but the aisles were no
sooner cleared than filled up again
by the crowds. Repeatedly were they
cleared until it became Impossible for
the delegates on the right - of the
chair to hear a word of the prayer
When order was restored, as the commit
tee on resolutions was not ready to re
pr.rt, the convention was turned into a
redhot Bryan mass meeting. The first
speaker was ex-Governor Hogg of Texas.
He weighs nearly \'*'i pounds, with a voice
that would have created a sensation In
Bashan. After mopping his face with a
handkerchief he opened his speech volu
bly and energetically. He held his left
hand behind him. and emphasized his
words with his right. There was no doubt
about the trend of his remarks. They
meant 2<> to 1, and were at times received
Tv:th cheers that would have done credit
to a crowd of cowboys. The horns on the
Texas guidon danced up and down as if
la glee whenever an adroit hit was made.
Alexander M. Dockery. Democratic can
didate for Governor of Missouri, followed
Governor Hogg. His voice was clear and
resolute. He made a speech replete with
facts, closing with a strong arraignment
cf the Republican party. It was the best
speech made during the day, but aroused
very Uttle enthusiasm. At last he paid a
tribute to the dying South African re
publics. There was a roar of delight
which almost lifted the roof. As Dockery
left the platform a Hill man tried to
create another demonstration. It was
counteracted by loud shouts tor Governor
Pattiscn of Pennsylvania. Chairman
liichardscn, however, introduced William
S. Rose, Mayor of .Milwaukee. His ad
dress was reireshing. In a voice as clear
as a. clarion, trumpet he detailed the rv
cent Democratic triumphs and predicted
victory in the great Presidential cam
paign.
"We have been carrying around meat
axis uniitr our coattails," he shouted,
"and to-day we are sharpening cur meat
tSt:S."
The band then played "The Star-Span
gled Banner," end as the strains nlled
th«i hall cries for Hill were again heard,
but they were drowned by strains of
"i>ix:e." Again they were renewed and
&* ecrnpaiued fcy a storm of hisses. The
band renewed us harmony, but the cries
for Hill were persistent and were not
checked until counter cries ior Paulson
overwhelmed them. In the meantime
Chairman Richardson calmed the multi
tude byq waving his fail toward different
parts of the hall. He then introduced
James E. McCullough of Indiana, a large
lire looking gentleman. Cries for Hill
were again drowned by the strains of
*"»Jeorgia Camp Meeting." The I'attison
seen, however, were alive to the situation
ai.d counter cries for Pennsylvania's last
Democratic Governor were prevalent.
T!;^ii the elegant George Fred Williams •
cf Massachusetts appeared upon the plat- ;
form. He moved trie appointment of a
committee to confer witn the free Silver
Republicans. The chairman promptly put
the motion to a vote and it was adopted,
although there seemed to be as many
"noes" as there wi.re "ayes." Judge Ma
gulre vras made a member of this com
mit:««-.
James R. 'U'iiliams of Illinois appeared
on the i'latfoim. He was no longer a
candidate for the Vice Presidency, but
h.-is been busily nursing the boom of
Btevsnson. Thin, angular, hatchet-faced j
and muscular, resembling Sol Smith Rus- !
m ;i. he l»*-nt himsolf and inflated his lur.gs i
before driving his facts into the hearts j
<f his hearers. His voic«? sounded like i
a t!umr>et. but It was with a great effort
tilMt h<=- k.-pt it at iis pitch and aroused j
a nfa streak of enthusiasm. You could
h^ar every word he uttered in every part
of the hall. Ac he bent himself prepara- |
Lor? to giving force to each succeeding i
:-¦ ¦;• n<v». h'.y- Aviam's apple arose and feil \
like the piston rod of an engine. His j
Breech > v af= the lugle call to all Demo
crats. N^rth. South. East and West.
Then foilowed tho sensation of the
morning session. Governor Beckham of
Kentucky ft'icd before the audience. He i
was received wi:h multitudinous ap- i
plauhf. All the de'?p:ate? arose to their j
fert and shouted until they were hoarse.
The band increased the uproar, but the
enthusiasm was fo great that its music
cosld har.-i!y be heard. Governor Beck- j
ham is extremely boyish in appearance. |
his voice is Fhrill and clear and
his phyFique straight and slender.
He !=p<.ke only a few words. but
those words terse and pointed, and he
rriired arr.id loud shouts of protest. "Go
on, go on." He closed by predicting that
the Democratic majority in Kentucky this
fall would be fully Vtj.QOft. As he picked
hi-- way back to his seat In the Ken
tucky delegation a deep bass voice under
one of the galleries sang the words, "In
Our O'.d Kentucky Home, Far Away.' l
Kx-<".«nerpsfman Miles of Maryland
eleetrifieo the convention. He is a mag
netic sjveaker, governed apparently bv
the ir.t'-n=lty of his convictions. Hi?
gesture-? were sweeping and Impressive.
end at times it seemed as though he would
lairiy shake himself out of his coat. It
K-ac an appeal for harmony, and It con
tained a suggestion of the nomination of
Bryan and John W. Daniel of Virginia.
The suggestion elicited faint cheers.
The convention took a recess until 3-39
p m- Mean'ime all the chances for a
fight on the floor of the convention melt
ed away. The committee on platform
had cr,m<i to an agreement and no minor
ity report was to be made. The majority
had agreed to make imperialism the para
mount issue, subordinating all other
planks to this one. The special plank fa
voring- free silver at the ratio of 16 to 1
was retained as written by Mr. Bryan.
This action gave rise to an era of good
feeling. The Pennsylvania delegation and
others revised their action of the morn
ing. They a creed to support the platform
as reported unanimously, and the delega
tion resolved to vote as a unit. Similar
action was taken in other States.
This era of pood feeling cut the turf
from under the feet of Oovernor Hill. He
still proposed, however, to offer an
amendment v.hen the platform was re
ported and he sent for Harry Smith, an
old clerk of the House of Representatives,
to ascertain how this could be done in a
parliamentary way. The convention was
working under the rul«»s of the last Dem
ocratic House of Representatives. But
the information he received was hardly
catisfactory. The convention reassembled
at half-jiast '3 and the platform was
promptly reported by Senator Jones of
Arkansas, chairman of the committee on
resolutions. The Senator turned the roll
of manuscript over to Senator Tillman of
South Carolina and asked him to read It
to the convention. Tillman took the roll,
tucked it under his left arm. adjusted his
spectacles and read it in a thunderous
voice. Each sentence of the leading
plark on imperialism was punctuated with
terrific applause. The convention seemed
breathless with excitement. When ttie
words making imperialism the paramount
issue were read the audience arose in its
enthusiasm and rent the air with cheers.
They waved hats and f.aga and the great
hall roared like a furnace. There was
uneasiness among the guidons. The In
diana guidon was borne to the front and
¦Wisconsin followed. The other guidons
remained stationary and the excitement
began to die away.
Thereupon Mr. Tillman read the words
makir.Er imperialism the paramount issue
a second time. The delegates then appre
ciated its full force and a most exciting
scene ensued. It was tar more bewilder
ing than the demonstration that followed
the panegyric on W. J. Bryan made by
Chairman Richardson last night. All the
guidons nervously jumped to the front of
the platform amid an uproar as deafening
as that made by the people when Dewey
sailed up the harbor of New York.
But this unaccustomed scene was quick
ly foilowed by one far more striking. 5000
American flags appeared as if by enchant
ment and fluttered from the floor plat
form and pallerv. each man waving his
banner as though Inspired by the deepest
feeling of patriotism. The roaring of the
multitudes was like the roaring of the
ocean in a storm. Page boys ran up and
$nH^i t «» e ii al »!!?,T lth arms flUed w'th flags
and distributed them among delegates and
spectators until the number waving at
one time must have reached nearly twenty
thousand. The scene was Intensified by
flashlight and the hearse tones of a mesa
phono. Several bands added to the In
describable tumult. Everybody joined in
the chorus of "Red. White and Blue."
For twenty minutes the uproar continued.
Banners from the different clubs were
taken Into the hall and a procession of the
guidons followed thtra around. Ex-
Coni;ressman Miles of Maryland bore the
guidon of his State and other Congress
men and prominent statesmen appeared In
the procession. It was a scene almost un
paralleled in the history of national politi
cal assemblages.
Chairman Richardson finally calmed the
excitement with his fan and the guidons
drifted back to their original positions.
Senator Tillman blew the embers of ex
citement again into a blaze by speaking
of South Carolina and Georgia, and adding
thrtt if the citizens of those States were
here to-day tliey would think that hell
had broken loose in Missouri. The ap
plause was again deafening.
When it subsided, however. Senator
White of California, in tones of thunder,
shouted: "Mr. Chairman, this convention
is entitled to hoar Us platform read, and
I demand that it shall be read." Senator
Tillman instantly recovered his composure
' and resumed reading. When the Bryan
j free silver plank was reached the enthus
iasm was again renewed. Flags were
waved, women shook their pocket hand
kerchiefs, men threw their hats in the
air and the band essayed triumphal
marches, but the uproar was not so great
as that which greeted the paramount is
sue of imperialism. The only bannerettes
brought to the front were those of Colo
rado. Indian Territory. Missouri. Michi
gan, Alabama and Mississippi. .Senator
Tillman continued the reading of the plat
form.
The resolution expressing thp feeling of
the convention toward the Boers brought
out a short, sharp and quick effusion of
feeline. It lasted three minutes. After
this Senator Jones took the floor and
moved that the platform just read be
adopted by acclamation. In an instant
Chairman Richardson put the motion. In
that instant the last opportunity for a
protest from Senator Hill or any other
man passed away. There was one uni
versal shout of "aye" and the whole mat
ter was settled.
James Kerr of Pennsylvania then took
the platform and moved that Webster
Davis be invited to address the multitude.
It was carried, and Mr. Davis appeared
upon the platform to the evident aston
ishment of hundreds of Kansas City
Democrats, and of Jerry Simpson, who
sat in the press section. The chair had
not forgotten that Davis had formerly
posed here as a rabid Republican. They
recalled the fact that while he was run
ning for Mayor in Kansas City on the
SOME SPELL-BINDERS OF THE CONVENTION
D, C. Metcalf, Member of
the Platform Committee,
Saus the Partu CqulH Not
Repudiate It&Pr.jncibles.
by d. c mE-rc/\i_F\
CALL HEADQUARTERS, KANSAS
CITY/. Mo., July 5.— The platform 1*
entirely satisfactory to Mr. Bryan's
friends. The convention has acceded
to the candidate's desire for the in
corporation of the specific reiteration of
the 16-to-l plank of lSDCiln its declara
tion of principles, ancl'/^Ih doing so
it has placed the party on'. record as. hav
ing the courage of Its convictions, as re
fusing to take a step backward or to re
pudiate any of the principles upon which
It has fought the battles of the last" four
years.*
,'_ The statement, that - imperialism . is the
paramount .question ; In this campaign Is
simply a statement of -fact, and does not
operate against the dignity of the money
question.. The platform, seems -to be well
received,"; and the 'convention -proceedings
to-day •; were full of promise of victory.
CONSUL ANNOUNCES THE
ARRIVAL OF PRISONERS
Sight Hundred Britishers Reported
by a Transvaal Official to Be
at Nooit^edacht.
LONDON, July 5.— A dispatch to the
Times from Lour en zo Marques, dated July
5, says the Transvaal Consul there an
nounces that SOO fresh British prisoners
have arrived at Noottgedacht.
Bailey Sentenced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED. July 5.— Judge - Jones of
Stockton, who presided In the- Superior
Court here on the Charles Bailey case,
sentenced the prisoner to six years In
San Quentin. Bailey, who Is an ex-con
vict, shot T. C ¦ Deane because he had
been refused work on . the latter's ranch.
Drowned while Swimming.
LOS ANGELES. July 6.— Gordon A.
Wynn, 19 yeara old. was drowned at Re
dondo Beach this afternoon while swim
ming in the ocean.
»
Killed by a Fall.
LOS ANGELES. July 5.— WlHUin Wil
liamson, an assistant cook, either jumped
or fell from the porch of the Belleville
Terrace Hotel this morning and wu
killed.
"from the fact that all Western . roads,
the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific, Great
Northern, Oregon Railway and Naviga
tion Company and Northern Pacific,
are considering a plan to Issue Inter
changeable tickets, one ticket being good
on any road. But this is merely tor the
accommodation of the public."
OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
THAT' OREGON IS FLOATED
Captain Wilde Cables to the' Navy
Department,Confirmation of ttia
¦ Press Dispatches. ¦
WASHINGTON, July 5.—The Navy De
partment this afternoon: received the fol
lowing dispatch: . ._.
"CHKFU— Secretary, Isavy, Washing
ton: •¦ Wilde announces Oregon floated thi3
afternoon. Pumps control water. Goes
Kure dockyard inland se^" ¦____•;,'..^
"(Signed) ¦ •¦• _-••¦ ¦ RODGERS."
Stabbed by a Rival.
UKIAH, July 5.—Volney Seward, a pop
ular voung man who lives in Calpella, six
miles'' north - of < this ¦ city,. was -. seriously
cutS at- a < dance'rlast evening. ~His;assail
ant 'Was-Louts Weger;-who recently ax-,
rived from the: East. ; Seward was cut in
five or * six ¦ different ,places.\< Officers are
now in^pursuitof the culprit' l The-crime
¦nearly7caused:a' riot."- It-.was caused by
jealousy. ; ¦ / '. ¦
THE SAlS r FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900.
No Traffic Agreement.
LOS ANGELKS, July 5.— General ; Pas
senger Agent Byrne of the* Santa Fe,
who . has " just ; returned . from ; San
Francisco; : states .that . there * is ", rib - foun
dation > for '• " the- story-, sent'.- - out
from San- •: Francisco-- to." :. the -• effect
that a --¦¦ compact . ; regarding • ; passenger
and freight ¦ traffic rates -exists- between
the Southern ' Pacific and Santa Fe ; roads.*
"The story may have originated,", he said.
McKinley Is Kept Informed.
CANTON, O., July 5.— A review of the
Kansas City ten ventlon was given to
President McKinley at his home here.
All of the messages were delivered to Sec
retary Cortelyou. who read' them to the
President in the library, on the porch, or
wherever he happened to be. Soon after
hearing the news' of the adoption of the
platform, the President and' Mrs. McKln
fey went for a long drive about the city.
There was -nothing about the President's
action to indicate that displeasure or sur
prise was occasioned by a single incident
of the convention. -
Stevenson Is Mum.
CHICAGO. July 5.'— Adlai E. Stevenson,'
Illinois' candidate for the Vice-Presidency
on the Democratic ticket, passed through
Chicago to-nlgiit en route for ; Lake Mln
retonka*. .Mr. Stevenson refused' toVdis
cuss . his prospects as ; the • probable , nom
inee, nor. would' he talk , of ¦ the ¦ platform
adopted at Kansas City. '¦¦• He naldhe was
in the hands of -his -friends' and was 'Will
ing to accept the nomination, if the honor
were conferred on him. ¦
TOWNE'S CLAIMS TJEGED.
Three-Party Conference Committee
Holds a Session.
KANSAS CITY. July 5.— The committees
appointed by the Democrats, Populists
and Silver Republicans to confer. upon the
nomination of a Vice-Presidential candi
date, held Its Jirst conference to-night at
9 o'clock. Senators, Tlllman and Martin
and George Fred Williams were present
on l>ehalf of . the Democrats; Hon. T.-:M.
Patterson, .Senator Pettigrew, Mr. Breid
enthal of Kansas, General Weaver, . Han.
•J. R. ! Sovereign and Dr. Taylor for the
Populists, and Senator Teller, Hon. \Chas.
S. Hartman and Mr. Ransom of Nebraska
for the Silver Republicans. The" entire
meeting was ¦ devoted to a' representation
to the Democrats by the other conferees
of the advisability of Towne as a candi
date. Patterson spoke for the Populists
and Senator Teller for the Silver Repub
licans. •;•¦::.->' ¦'•-¦
PALL HEADQUARTERS. KAN'SAS CITT. Mo.. July 6.— "With the settlement
of the position of the committee on resolutions in reference to silver the V'cb
Presidential situation became much simplified. It absolutely removed forme?
\^ Senator David B Hill as a possibility, and it also almost removed the likeli
"—" hood of a stampede in the direction of Mayor Carter H. Harrison of Chicago
Just as soon as it became known that free silver would have a prominent posi
tion in the platform with the ratio of ic to 1 the friends of Towne a&ain took
heart. It had been made plain to them that no matter how popular lir Towne
might be personally, his candidacy was not looked upon with iavor by those
opposed to the reiteration of the silver plank. These conservatives, until over
a«H by the stubborn attitude of Mr. Bryan, were in large majority In the con
vention. The same argument, however, that brought about the understanding
that lh<? candidate for the Presidency should practically create the platform on
which he is to stand was used to compel the delegates to accept the theory that
Mr. Brys.n has the right to name his running mate, as well as to manufacture
his own resolutions.
Agents were sent out from Towne headquarters early this morning to argue
•with delegates along this line. Every one knows Mr. Bryan has a personal pref
erence for Towne. .The latter, too, more fully than any one else, reorepents the
Fame free silver Ideas that have been forced upon the Democratic party by its
candidate for the Presidency. All of this was made as emphatic as possible, the
result being that there was a heavy rise in Towne stock.
While this condition was in existence a strong- undercurrent was being-- cre
ated which promised to carry the convention away from radical free silver theo
ries so far as its candidate for second place was concerned. When the resolution
was preferred providing for the appointment of a conference committee of. nine
It was erected with such a storm of disapproval that it was considered wise to
withdraw it. This discouraged the friends of Mr. Towne and added strength ; to
the movement In favor of . Adial E. Stevenson of Illinois. Mr. Stevenson's
friends are now working with greater enthusiasm than ever before to secure his
nomination, and late this afternoon It was announced that a clear two-thirds ma
jority had been promised " for him on the second ballot. This announcement was
made by an Illinois delegate, who failed, however, to give the figures when
called upon to prove this assertion. The action of the New York State delega
tion in promising to support Mr. Stevenson after the complimentary vote for
John W. Keller did much to strengthen the opinion that the man who was elect
ed Vice President with Mr. Cleveland in 1«>2 would again be honored by his party.
In the meantime B. F. Shiveley of Indiana, whose friends had announced that
they would rr^sent his name to the convention, regardless of his -desires, again
declared that he Is not to be considered a candidate for nomination. In ' terms
that would K«m to be unmistakable Mr. Shiveley eays he Is not even in a re
ceptive mood. However this may, be, the Indiana delegates refuse to accept this
ultimatum and persist and declare their intention of aaklng" the convention' to
place his name upon the ticket.
by /\mos j. cummiNGs.
Stevenson Appears to Gain in the
Race for Second Place, While
Towne, Bruan's Choice, Is Mak
ing an Uphill Fight.
James K. Jones Declares It
Is a Battle for Right
Against Wrong and Is
Bound to Insure Demo
cratic Success.
5
"Mr. Bryan Is Determined to Make Free Silver at 16 to 1 One
of the Greatest Issues of the Campaign."
—Lincoln (Nebr.) Dispatch.
;-THE -¦ EMPORIUM. ..;, ¦.•.,.-." v| V * . THE 1 EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
'«¦:-'- ¦'--¦¦¦,-¦ - Vi " "- .-x-~". '¦ ¦* - - ' "" , . -- -¦ ¦. j»
J Sf.OO size Seven g^MSWf» WlfeMW&{S%W&WiM lH^el' Without extra *
g Sutherland Sis- PragH" ¥%,$?& m ] 11113 charge, we pack x
k ters' Hair Re' ifijfl^ and our Fine Candy in £
}[ s/orer, fA/sweeA> P^ <G^Bden'RuBe Bazaar. *** tin boxes for the %
» 50c. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. COUTitry. )t
*>* — ' — ______^^^^^________ #j V
I Ladies 9 Neckwear. Boys' Vestee £\ |
| One-Quarter Off Regular Prices* Suits $3.35* 3^ : *
£ <»VSj More th^ n 1C0 ° P ieces ~~ This is a special lot of 100 suit3, in /ffi§0Y\ *
* J^SXs, #lp?i sn |all lots left over from the same styles, materials and work- / W \S ?
i @$d%fc^$ &£* this season ' s selling; manship aa those that we have heen \%h J \
% iSSz^&l Strin " Tie5 ' Band B0W5% selling for $6.00 and $7.50, fine \^\3i *
%$^0Shh Windsor Scarfs, Lace Scarfs, Blouse all-wool serges and fancy fabrics, \\\ |Y 3c
v 4^fW^% Fronts, Wash Neckwear, Stocks, with coat or large sailor collars and \\\//
E ifcC^ Silk Jabots, in white and almost every fash- pretty, fancy vests; sizes for boys yd! -2
8- JWS 5^^" %to 10 lew. Friday *n J d M] f
I • One-Quarter Off. Saturday only... $3,95 U^ \
g Sales Tables-Main Aisle. ' '¦ Second* Ii'siUr^M o£*^txaa'ct V J
I Printed Foulards 4Bc* __ \
g 50c Wash Silks 30c. W men s $
$ Our' 65c and 75c Printed India and Foulard Silks, 22 y^\ Cheviot 5
|> and 24 inches wide, every piece this season's A [ \ . 5
tt make, scroll designs and small patterns, in new- ¦/¦) IV. Suits $7mG5m S
$ est shades of blue, brown, rose, gray £Sg&~+ U< \ WL. $
*! and lavender; to-dav, Friday, per yard.. jr N^j Vj^r^^^Blne or black, fa3t color — .«
g Our SOc Corded Wash Silks— all that are now left — **~~ /]y\£z£^ strictly all wool — single or jj
jjt 20 inche3 wide, most of them blue or pink, / fnjwk^ double brea3ted sack3 and 5
tf '. to be closed out to-day, Friday, per *$/f$~* -fir^ I k** cutaway frocks — a good S
g yard..... <&*UtG */'|flr* : $ 12 ' 50 vaTue ' Friday %
J sales Tabie--»*ain Aisio. ¦ • ' /* II ( and Saturday, 50 only J
H ' ~ ~^Z. ZL 71 «•*«' / Hi of these suits will be sold S
S- SOc to 75c Belts 38c. IJJwL at. *>? ~g- $
g __ 300 of these Ladies' Dog Collar \ J^^T <¥* M m%9%* »
\* r »<*7"' * '""Z!^ Belta in Wack seal or brown Mo- "^e-f""* second Aisle— KJrht of Entranc*. %
tf f»agr~ -^^9 rocco, with nickel fittings; as- t v j*
£ 9^^ sorted sizes; regularly 5'Jc. 60c, „.—.__ «
* IV 63c and Joe each; to-^ »-£ GuHaIf3 EtltfS 2 5 Cm £
% *^ da y' Friday. %***%* A miU lot _ 2O o only— pretty Lace Curtain Eada, 45 to 60 '2
* Third Atole-Lett of Entraoce. ¦ bche3 w j de> jj tQ 2 yard3 long . j U3t thing f or fc^f CQr . $
$ Piaue Bar stain. tain3 - pan3!3 « etc - Oasa ' e Ffiday - : . "5
£ The entire line of our imported Piqu-3 in rich colorings that Z5C 9 J»5C 3/J» 5i?C 62CiJt £
** are guaranteed not to fade; all of them this yeir's Drapery Department— Main Floor. Jr
*>* choicest productions; regular 2Cc value. On special if *%£** "»
X sale trtaay, per yard- m£B?ntr*(&i32 l Bg3*^*m*mt MaWWMff%B+d *S
J»- Sales Tables-Main Aisle. <&l B MJffLm^Sl 4 &&***" Mxm3 B£ U HJJT £>» .«
j» * M
h' FlViha*nitif»fV Fairbanks C«airette Soap, 3 bars 25c X
g *-""** vrnatSM jf Bast gweet MixcfS picnics i a bulk, regularly 30c per •*
X FlOUnClngS. quart, to-day 2DO *
IS n n , nMM r% . n • Fah Cream California Ch<JCSO, to-day, per lb lOo •*
g One-Quarter Of f Regular Prices. Herri ngo^um, Holland M.khner'3, white and fat. to- -*
*» For Friday only — We offer all that are left of onr fine em- day, 8 tish for 25c js
K broidered 3{ainsook, Cambric and Sviss Flouncings, at one- Whis <oy~ Wilson'3 Pure Rye, 8 years old, none better, to- X
K quarter off the regular prices, which run from 45c to $2.50 day; bottle Q7o "^
*» the yard. LintO Juice — Imported, large bottles, to-d3y ,...40o jt
*? I^ace Department— Main Aisle. Main Floor— Rear. • «J
X Jf
j; All Jackets and Capos Reduced. Ail Ladies' and Children's Wear Cut to *
£* Lot 1 - Assorted lot of new this season's Eton and Fiy-front GloaPitl^jl PfiCCSm "«f
$ Jackets snd pHid back Golf Gapes, all silk lined, re-nlarlv 10 0 dozen low neck G>net Covers, felled seams, were 15c— jj
£ 37.&O and J8.50- Clearing price $4-85 mv ; . s o %
g Lot 2- Assorted lot of. veryjine new Eton and Piy-front Jack- 100 d£2;Us£ii«ek'GJrs*f OinuX.tdlkaiwaKmXmmi* 2De— >
*, .ets, all si'k lined, tan, black and a 1 colors, regalar'v $10. now lOo
$ - $12.50 and $13.50. Clearing pric3...:.........:.........$7.45 100 dwa h^orJw3necklGotwt-d^i r trixinned with tor- S
*? *' All Tailor Dresses Reduced. chon ace, were 2"c -now. 15o .*
*• Lot 1 — Assortment of this season's all-wool Eton Dresses, and 50 dozen Drawers, with cambric rnffla. ware 25c — now..—. 18o j|
H other styles, some few of last season'?, regular y $10 and $15. 50 dozen Drawere, with cambric refflj and zigz3g stitclrng, *$
J Clearing price $8.4-5 we ™ 35c— now 25o .J
5- Lot, 2— A splendid lot of newest dresses in all tho varieties of 25 dozen ladies' embroidery trimmsd Skirts, were $1.25— j{
IS Etons and other styles all colors and black, regularly 320 and now _ — .. 79c *t
K $22.50. CleariDg price... $14*95 15 doz?n ladies* fina Drawera, with two row3 embroidery ir?cr-
a All Skirts and Waists Reduced. *!? an - V^TmtrB rT-'TY^f 0 •«
T A i xr -7- r. r-i *x. oi • * j * ro ... „. 23 dozen infants' Muslin Corset Waists; sizes 1, 4, o, 6 (no 2 or „«
jf Lot 1 — New 7oc Grass Cloth Skirts and separate White Piaue 3,. were J5 C now . q o >*
X -Jackets, prices were np to $2 50 Clearing price... 48c 19 d ' ozon infaats' NlinSOOk fcHW Skirt; hemstitches-war* :65e— -J
S Lot2-New Wash Skirts, , all kinds, white and fancie?, Diquss now ,49c «
$ and grass cloth, plain and trimmed, that have been $1.75, $2, .................................................... * "".-.^Cjf
«f $2.2?, $2.50 and $3. Clearing price.. ..$1.50 Children's Cloaks, Caps and Drosses j«
J£ Lot 3 — Aborted lot of fine new Alpaca, gray and black and a!i- KodtMSOdm %
K wool Gheviot Skirt3 that have been regularly $5. Cl a arine . . v 'l : .v ... ««. m V.
$ price >r * ' $3.75 as^ Dresse*, age? 6 to 14, were $1.0D— now..-...~.......50O $
S Lot 4^1^o^ji^?'JlclWstiS'C^^^i^ < .$U%Ct7^^ Wash Dresses, agjs 6 to 14. were $1.25— now 65o !*
£> 58 50. Ctearing price now ..$4.25 Va3h D-e^ses. ages 6 to 14, were $1 oO-now . 75o -J
X Lot 5-Allour new Silk Waists that hava been all season $10. Fine all-woo! Jackets, red, blue, with capes, were $3.<o and 1 $4
tf $12.50 and $13.50. C earing price now $7.45 „ — ncw \— V":"; " ;"; * 2 Zt? 5
h Lot 6- All our new Shirt Waists that have been regularly 5 c Fancy Colored Shaker?, were 5^c—now ,25© .«
tt and6Jc. Clearing price now 39o White Lawn French Cip^wereoOe— sow .25© j»
K Lot 7— Our new this season's Shirt Waists that have been $1.25 hlte Lawn Hat3 > were >oc and ? 1 ~ now -••••* 5 ? ,"«
J and $1.50. Clearing price........ Q8c All Millinery Roduscd. $
£ AU Wrappers, Etc, Reduced. 2 000 Black Quills, were 5c— now f©
K Lot 1— Fancy Cotton Underskirts, made of near sik and wash 1000 Ladies' Jumbo Sailors, in white and black, were 50c to J»
materials, deep flounce and ruffl as, regularly $1. Ciearing 21.25 — now. '. _ 3Qo 2
*• price • 59c 500 Ladies* Black Pineapple Sailors in black, were $1 to $2 — j»
ti Lot 2 — All of thi3 season's Wrappers, calico and percale, lined now SOo »**
* waists, be3t makas, that have been regularly $1.25. C:e<-»ring 80 boxes of fine importei Roses, six in a bunch, were 75c— «*
y price.. ..89a now > 1Qq jj
tit Lot 3— All of this season's, Wrappers, calico, lawn and percale, $10 Trimmed Hats, finely made — now.... $4.65 "*
*£ best makes, that hava been regularly $1.50 and $1.75 C ear- $25 Imported Hat3— now ..$11.43 '2
jf ing price ....V........ ~ $1.1O $18 Importei Hat3— now ~.~... $7.65 %
ti - «STAR HEAT-H. A.. Oakland. Cal.
Stars radiate heat as well as the sun. It
is : cla med ; by. scientists that wherever
there la white stellar Hsht there must be
PERSONAL MENTION.
I*. ..T. Hatfleld, an attorney ' of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
State Senator '. F. Davis of Jack
eon Is at the Palace. / ¦ x
S. G.. Bloss, a' real estate dealer of At
water, is at the Lick. "
J. C. Cooper, merchant, and Louis Ein
stein, banker, both of Fresno, are at the
Lick' with their families.
' AliMcCausland, the well-known mining
man. is in the city on a. .visit. to his daugh
ter,; Mrs.; Thomson^ ., He will leave In a
few -days for; Southern California, to ac
cept the management of an, oil company
naar TIa kerufifild. ' ' , '
CAI/IFORNIANS IN NEW. YORK.
NEW YORK, July-3.^C. H. Evans of
San Francisco -Is at the Albemarle- Mrs
Leland Stanford and party of Palo Alto
and S F. Leib of San Jose are at the
Manhattan; W. F. Sharp of Sari Francfeco
is at the* Plaza.
stellar heat. This heat la rendered sensibl*
by collecting it in the focus of atele?
scope, the lenses acting as a burning elasa
to converge the rays of the light and heat
upp , n . a . n ins trument called the thermo
multiplier or heat magntft>r mo
LI HUNG CHANG-S. City. U Hune
8cfferS. e U O m P \ k^oV r %V h oln 2 d th th°!
pored^nf^^^
honor!* 3 D0WaS "' he was «VrlvVo°f &
¦ As there are many more women than men in Great
Britain, but more men than lycmen in the colonies,
a movement has been started in London to get^hc
surplus girls to go to Austral!.-; or South Africa*and
jrrow up with the country. It is even proposed ttint
Parliament vote an appropriation to encourage the
going, but up to date the girls have shown very little
interest in it. and perhaps a better way would be for
Parliament to bring the colonial youths over to Lon
don and let them do the coaxing.
i? ¦
The miners of Shasta County say that they will re
sort to desperate measures to prevent the Southern
Pacific Company from flooding the county with
Japanese. Huntington should reflect that Shasta is
not Mussel Slough. /
Paris is again contented. The monotony of peace
has given place Jo a savage attack upon the Govern
ment by the Municipal Council. The cause lof the
row is, cs i:st!al, immaterial.
; . ,
Kinyoun has escaped this time with nothing more
than a bad scare, but he won't do it szain.- •
than that of Lord Elein's mission and the
account of Sir Grant Hope's campaign.
It is. one that every American in official
authority Jn China should know by heart
and that no one should be excused for dis
regarding in the present crisis in China.
Ten years after the exchange of ratifica
tions of the treaties of Tientsin the city
was the scene of one of the most horrible
international tragedies of modern times,
resulting in the murder of the French
Consul, the burning of the Catholic cathe
dral and the massacre of seventeen Sisters
of Charity anil every French resident in
the Catholic orphanage, together with all
the Chinese children under their charge.
The Tientsin massacre was brought about
by a series of ob3cene placards, which
were presumably prepared by the Chinese
literati and posted up throughout the dis
trict of Tientsin and the surrounding vil
lages and towns. These placards repre
sented that the "foreign devils." especial
ly the Catholic oriests. were in the habit of
collecting founulings-and "kidnaping" Chi
nese children for vile purposes, and for
the purpose also of taking out their oyes
and secret parts of their bodies f from
which a potent drup was to be made by
those who understood the diabolical art.
Concurrently with the appearance of theso
placards, most of which were Illustrated
and all of a highly inflammatory and
abusive character, a serious epidemic
broke out among the Chinese children In
the Catholic orphanage. The epidemic
was attributed by the ignorant Chinese to
some sort of sorcery or evil influence of
the priests. The idle and vicious classes
of the city became excited, rioting broke
out in the city and the French Consul
foreseeing that his countrymen were in
preat danger, rushed on horseback ac
companied by his secretary, to the Vice
roy's vamen ami demanded that the riot
crs be suppressed and tfn> authors of the
vile placards be arrested and punished
Kxactly what occurred at the interview
between the French Consul and Chune
How. the Chinese Viceroy, will never "be
known, as no foreign witness of the af
fair survived to tell the tale. It suffices
to say that the Consul and his secretary
were both murdered at the Viceroy's va
men. and. it is believed, in the nresenrn
of the Viceroy himself. presence
The mob had now "tasted blood." and
as no effective measures- were taken bv
the Viceroy to suppress the riot pandemo
nium broke loose. Under any c rcurn
stnnces a murderous mob is an appallinr
thing to contemplate, but the seethlnK
frenzied mob cf cutthroats, pirates and
Chinese braves, naked to their waists
carrying firebrands, long spear? and
ELI T. SHEPPARD.
BRITISH critics who were prompt to condemn
the American Government for the mismanage
ment in the War Department which left our
tioops in the early part of the war with Spain ex
posed in unsanitary c^mps, and furnished with em
balmed beef rations, have now at home a more serious
wrong to excite their wrath and tempt them to dip
their critic pens in gall. The worst offenses charge:!
against any department of our administration in war
are slight in comparison with those brought to light
in connection with the treatment of the British
wounded in South Africa.
It is of course to be admitted at the outset that the
reports of neglect and ill treatment of the wounded
are largely exaggerated and highly colored. That is
inevitable, for when the sympathies of men are
aroused by a wrong of that kind the natural result is
a degree of indignation that prevents a dispassionate
statement of the facts. After ample allowance is
made, however, for such exaggerations, there still re
mains enough to justify the charge that the British
Government has been grossly heedless of those who
have been wounded or stricken with disease, and that
neither Roberts nor his chief of staff. Kitchener, has
shown a proper consideration for the brave fellows
who serve under them.
The matter has been brought to the attention of
Parliament and of the country by Ashmead Bartlett
Burdett-Coutts. In a recent letter to the Times he
describes sights of which he was himself an eye
witness. He tells of one instance where he saw "hun
dreds of men lying m the worst stages of typhoid
with only one blanket and a thin waterproof sheet
between their aching bodies and the hard ground,
with no milk and hardly any medicines, without beds,
stretchers or mattresses; without a single nurse
among them, and with only three doctors to attend
Even worse is the picture he gives of the sick and
the" wounded in the field hospital at B'.oemfontein.
There were 316 patients in the hospital nnd only
forty-two stretchers, so that 274 of the sufferers had
to lie on the ground. The writer, says: "The heat
of these tents in the midday sun was overpowering,
their odors sickening. Men lay with their faces cov
ered by flies in black clusters, too weak to raise a
hand to brush them off, trying in vain to dislodge
them by painfully twitching their features. Seven
teen orderlies had come with or been raised for the
Bloemfontein field hospital. Ten had been taken
from it, the number being made up from a bearer
.company, but they had other duties to perform than
jbrttshing flies off patient's faces. At night there was
r.o attempt to prevent patients in the delirium stage
from getting up and wandering about the camp half
raked in 'bitter cold. In one tent, where four men
slept and others lay with, eyes open and staring, a
case of 'perforation' was groaning out his life, hud
dled against his neighbors on the ground. Men had
not only. to see but often to fee! others die!"
It is strange to learn there were no nurses. It will
be remembered with what great display many of the
richest -women of the London "smart set" hastened
to South Africa to "nurse the wounded." The fine
dames evidently found it more agreeable to stay at .the
Czpc and play lawn tennis with staff officers than to
go to v the front and take part in actual nursing.
That, however, is a minor matter. Nobody took
the grand ladies seriously at any time! But that Rob
erts and Kitchener should have tolerated such a defi-
fl BRITISH W0R SCANDAL.
THE AMERICAN MERCHANT MARINE.
"Z^UGENE T. CHAMBERLAIN, United States
Commissioner of Navigation, begins an - article
on the "Shipping Subsidy Bill" in the current
number of the Forum with the statement: "No very
rich endowment of the gift of prophecy is required to
justify the assertion that the present generation will
witness a growth of the American merchant marine
almost as. rapid as has been its decline during the last
The statement is a sanguine one, and while there
are many reasons .for believing it to be true, the fact
remains that unless the Government give to American
shipping advantages equal to those conferred on the
shipping interests of other great nations by their Gov
ernments, it is doubtful whether we shall be able to
profit by the opportunities now afforded for a great
extension of our merchant marine. -;•..
That the increase in our foreign trade offers many
inducements to an extension of our shipping industry
is unquestionable, but it will be impossible for Ameri
can vessels to compete with the subsidized lines of
European nations unless Congress grants to our ship
builders and ship-owners some form of assistance. In
his message of last December the President said:
"Our coast trade, under regulations wisely framed at
the beginning of the Government and since, shows
results for the past fiscal year unequaled in our rec
ords, or in those of any other power. We shall fail
to realize our opportunities, however, if w'e compla
cently regard only, matters at home and blind our
selves to the necessity of securing our share of the
valuable carrying trade of the world."
The issue has been elaborately argued during the
last year and is now fairly well understood by the peo
ple. Congress did not pass the shipping bill reported
at the late session, but there is every reason to expect
it will be' passed during the coming winter. The
strength of the popular forces demanding the passage
of that or some other well devised measure to pro
mote our ocean carrying trade is rapidly growing,
and will be augmented by the prominence which the
measure will have in the discussions of the campaign.
The Republican platform declares: "Our present
dependence upon foreign shipping for nine-tenths. of
our foreign carrying trade is a great loss to the indus
try of this country. It is also a serious danger to our
trade, for its sudden withdrawal in the event of a
European war would seriously cripple our expanding
foreign commerce. The national defense and naval
efficiency of this country, moreover, supply a com
pelling reason for legislation which will enable us to
recover our former place among the trade carrying
fleets of the world."
Going before the people with that declaration the
Republican party can rightly expect the vote of every
man whose patriotism desires to secure for our mer
chant marine its rightful protection at the hands of
the Government. A rapid increase in our ocean
going ships is now essential to every industry of the
country. We produce more of nearly all sorts of farm
products and of many kinds of manufactured goods
than we can use, and must, therefore, find a market
for them abroad, and -the upbuilding of a large mer
chant marine has consequently become^ a matter; of
prime importance to all. ¦ . \ ,<
knives, that surged through the gates of
the city, across the bridge of buata and
on through the suburbs in the French con
cession on that fateful day was a spectacl*
for the prince of devils!
.Nothing but harm could come from a
recapitulation at this time of the atrocitta*
attending the massacre which followed of,
the helpless Sisters of Charity, the unpro
tected men and women In the settlement
and the innocent Chinese children In the
Catholic orphanage.
Twenty-two French inmates of the dif
ferent establishments, two Russians — a
bride and bridegroom — and a great num
ber of native Cnristians were cruelly and
most barbarously put to death before the
riot was quelled. . Fortunately for tho
English, American and German residents,
a small British gunboat happened to be
within call; otherwise the wnole foreign,
community would have been ruthlessly
wiped out.
As all the world knows Tientsin is the
seat of local government of PechiU, tho
metropolitan province of China and tha
official residence of the Viceroy.
Situated as it Is, at the extreme north
ern limit of maritime navigation, ac the
juncture of the grand canal with tho
Peiho and within eighty mllea of Peking.
the city becomes by reason of these nat
ural advantages the chief entrepot and
distributing point of the vast commerce,
both foreign and domestic, of the rich aiul
populous provinces of North China acti
also of a large portion of Manchuria.
Like all the principal capitals, or Foo,
cities of China Tientsin 13 Inclosed by a
massive wall of brick and stone, sur
mounted with battlements and completely*
Eurrounded by a wide ditch or moat, very
much after the fashion of the feudal cities
and towns In Europe during the middle
ages.
That the Chinese Government Is keenly
alive to the strategic importance of Tien
tsin is abundantly attested by Us lavish,
expenditures in constructing the complex
and extensive system of -fortiflcationa
which command the approaches to Taku
and line the banks of the Peiho River fo»
miles above its mouth.
The fortifications at Taku as well aa
at Tientsin itself are now in the posses
sion of the treaty powers and whatever
the outcome of the Eloxer movement may
be it is altogether likely that these forti
fications will not be immediately sur
rendered.
In the absence of more exact Informa
tion than la at present possessed by any
of the foreign powers no man can predict
the resulting consequences of the present
Boxer rebellion. Indeed, there Is serious
doubt whether it is a rebellion at all. It
would not surprise me. judging by past
experience and knowledge of the Peking
Government* officials. If It finally turned
out that the Boxers have been permitted
to make the present assault upon foreign
ers in China with the connivance, official
or unofficial, of the anti-foreign advisers
of the Empress Dowager.
There Is scarcely a doubt that the court
at Peking Is dominated at present by a
powerful anti-foreign party and it may ,
! turn out at last that this Boxer rebellion
Is nothing more nor less than a craftily
directed public movement for the purpose
of conveniently "trying it on" with the
treaty powers without hazarding the eon
l sequences of an outrisht declaration of
war against them by the Chinese Govern
¦ ment.
. If it should become the settled convle
j tion of the Governments of Europe that
t the Empress Dowager or her advisers
have certainly been behind the Boxer
j movement it Is extremely doubtful
i whether the present Manchu dynasty will
I survive the conflict which such a state of
affairs Is certain to precipitate.
However this may be. one thing is ap
parent to the most casual observer— China
is at last "up against" the gravest domes
tic and foreign crlsl3 which has confront
ed her in the whole history of her un
happy intercourse -with .the nations of th»
Western world. "Whatever the final ad
justment of the present crisis may be
11 .A 3 morally certain that no settlement
will be possible without a due regard to
the future Interests of the great commer
cial powers whose fleets and armies are
now hastening to the scene.
THE RIGHT W0Y ABOUT IT.
POPULAR interest in the question of abating
the nuisance of Chinatown has not passed away
with the passing of the Kinyoun quarantine.
On the contrary, the interest increases with the con
tinued discussion of the subject, and it is gratifying
to note that something like unanimity of sentiment is
glowing up with respect to the first step to be taken
in the way of improvement. Different opinions are
held as to what shall finally be done with the foul
old buildings of the district, but it is now almost
universally agreed that so long as the buildings r?
*main their o.vners shall be compelled to put them in
good repair and maintain them in accord with the
I"<nlt1i ir.Ms r.f t1i*» ntv
It is the duty of the Board of Health and of the
poiice to enforce the health ordinances, but they have
neglected to do so. The board appears too much en
gTossed with bubonic ideas just now to try to sup
press any conditions in Chinatown that are likely to
engender that plague, while the police authorities are
evidently waiting for the bubonic board to give the
order for a clean-up. Under such circumstances it is
fortunate that a new Grand Jury has been organized
and has ju:-t entered upon its work. From that body
the public can expect action which will compel the
beginning of reform.
The first step to be taken by the jury should be that
of filing complaints against every owner of property
in Chinatown whose property is found upon inspec
tion to be in an unsanitary condition. True bills
brought against these offenders -.#11 soon set on foot
the much needed work of improvement, and accord
ingly it is against them the first efforts of reform
should be directed.
To that duty the Grand Jury is summoned by the
necessities of the time and the circumstances. Inci
dentally it will be worth while for them to inquire
why the bubonic board and the police have not done
the work which the law requires, but the main point
is for the Grand Jury to deal directly with the owners
of the offensive propert}'. They are the parties who
are primarily responsible for the filthy and unsani
tary condition of Chinatown: they alone have a sum
n:ary right to clean up their premises and compel
their tenants to obey the health ordinances. ¦;¦%*'¦?"
Grand juries have frequently complained that they
have no power to redre?s evils. In this case that
complaint can hard'y be made. The offenses of China
town property-owners arc so gross and so flagrant
that no difficulty will be found in obtaining evidence
of a violation of the law. The ordinances on the sub
jcrt are explicit and their validity can hardly be called
in question. There will be no lack of public sentiment
to support whatever may be done in the way of bring
ing the offenders to justice. Thus every circumstance
of the situation tends to a«sht the jury in rendering
an important service to the community and at, the
pr.me time making an enviable record for efficiency.
Chinatown inti«t be cleaned tip. Let the Grand Jury
see to it that the first step be taken at once.
FOR nearly fifty years past Tientsin,
which has so suddenly become the
center of world-wide interest, has oc
cupied a . prominent position in the
picturesque foreground of historical
events in China. Few cities of any coun
try since the middle of the century have
had a more remarkable history. Indeed,
almost every event of serious Interna
tional moment in China since 1*53 has oc
curred at or within the radius of a few
miles of Tientsin. It will be remembered
that It was here that the Tal Ping re
bellion reached its flood tide in 1S53, when
General Seng Ko Linsin first defeated the
combined forces of the Wang Princes, and
arrested the further movement of the Tai
Ping rebels toward Peking. Five years
later Lord Elgin, accompanied by the Em
bassador of France, "first steamed up the
Peiho, after having forced the barriers
at the Taku forts at the mouth of thai
river, and took possession of the town.
The signing of the treaty of Tientsin
in 1858 by Prince Kung In behalf of
China and the foreign plenipotentiaries
in behalf of the signatory powers; the de
ceitful trickfc, the artful evasions and the
diplomatic craft and cunning of the Chi
nese mandarins pending the negotiation
of this famous treaty and the subsequent
refusal of the Peking Government to ex
change the ratifications at Tientsin: the
expedition to Peking of the allied armies
under the command of Admiral Sir Grant
Hope and the final capitulation of that
city in 1S60, and the resulting destruction
of the Emperor's summer palaces at the
Yuen. Ming Yuen are events too familiar
to every American to require more than
a passing word. It is, however, worth re
calling at this time that it was Chinese
official treachery in the attack on the
Uritish embassy and the critical situa
tion in- which Sir Hope Grant's forco%
were placed after their unsuccessful as
sault on the Taku forts that inspired
Commodore Tatnall to declare that "blood
is thicker than water," and in disobedi
ence-to his orders as the commander ot
a neutral vessel, to rush to the rescue or
the imperiled P]nglish marines.
The dreadful .suspense and uncertainty
in this country and in Europe respecting
the safety of the foreipn Ministers in Pe
kiiig- recalls most vividly 'and suggestive
ly the tragic story of Sir Hurry Parkes.
Mr. Loch, the unfortunate Count de Lau
ture rind his tompanions, I^e Norman
and others, who were "captured" under
a Has of truce just above Tientsin dur
ing the campaign of 1SG0, carried to Pe
kind in chains and cages, and while held
as nominal "hostages" by the Chinese of
iicials. subjected to the most revolting
barbarity and cruelty. Humanity has
mercifully been spared the sickening de
tails of the sufferings and death of all of
Sir Harry's less fortunate companions in
misery.
The adventures and suffering of Sir
Harry Parkes and his companions, as of
liciaily related by Ix)rd Elgin in his dis
patches to the British Government, and
the subsequent narrative of Mr. Loch are
matters of familiar history, and I allude
to them now for the purpose only of di
recting attention to the widely dlfferem.
ideals of humanity and honor— so clearly
brought out— between the Chinese of the
higher classes and educated Englishmen
and Americans, <md for the purpose also
of. pointing out the splendid example of
constancy and courage which was exhib
ited by these brave Englishmen in their
captivity and their high determination to
submit to no acts which might involve
the honor of their county or the safety
of their countrymen and comrades In
peril.
¦No sane American, and. certainly no
Englishman, can read the story of Sir
Harry's captivity and of the sufferings
and death of his comrades, without feel
ing th:;t his ideals of constancy, courage
and honor have been distinctly exalted by
the noblo example of these heroic Eng
lishmen. WfSi imBWuMUfj
In the whole history of foreign ' Inter
course with China there is no chapter
more instructive.: none more interesting
and more thrilling for the Americans,
- -
W\ R. ELI T. SHEPPARD zvas for a period of twelve years in the consular service of the Unit-
A "• cd States in China, and for five years <c international lazu adviser" to the Empire of Japan. His
residence for seventeen years in the Orient, coupled zvith his exceptional advantages for obser
vation of the trend of Oriental development, added to unusual qualifications for correct observation
and accurate deduction, qi{alih~es him Jo an exceptional degree to present the conditions and interpret
the logical inferences to be derived from the present interesting movements in the Orient.
By Eli T. Sheppard
The Crisis in China and the Causes.
A Portrait Drawn in a Single Continuous Line, Beginning in the Center of the Picture.
—From Leslie's Weekly.
FRIDAY JULY 6, 109
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/carets A 1 ! Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
HA\AGCR'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
miLICATlOS OFFICE. .Market nnA Tfclrd. S. K.
Telephone I'rean -Ol.
EDITORIAL ROOM*.... 217 <o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
DeHrered T»y Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Slncle Copieii, 5 C«?»tw.
Term* l»> Mai). Including: Pontaset
PATT/r CAUL, dnclcflirc Sunday), one yrar I*. 1 **
PAIY..Y CALL. OocluMrff tfun<'.ay>, 6 month* 3<K>
TA'.l.T CAU< <in<-ljdir.jc Sividay). * inontha 1.60
J>A1I.V CAU^-B>- t-lncle Month »c
FIJXPAT CAlJ, On# Tear ? J-j~
Ml'KKKLrT CAUL. O-.t> Tear Loa
All postmasters nre authorized to recelT©
subscriptions.
fawpi. ecpies will be forwarded whea requested.
Mull eubecrlbTB !a ordering change of address should b«
parv.cular to «1v. both NETCV AND OLJJ ADDRESS in order
to iaeure & prcispt *ad correct corcpllasc* with thslr r*<rae«t-
OAKJLASD OFFICE 1118 Broadwaj
C GEORGE KROGNES3.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marqaette Building, Chicago.
(IjCSs Distance Telephone "Central Mil")
XEPSV TORE: CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square
JTK5T YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Btemta Bouse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Ttixacia. Hesse; Acdltcrlum HoteL
NEW TORS NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf •Astoria Ectel; A. BrecUno. SI Union Square;
Korrsjr Hffl HotsL
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFFICE.... Wellington Hota.j
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BIlA?fO» OFFICES — £37 Montgomery, corner of Clay. open
cntfl t:S0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:39 o'clock. £33
UcAillster. open until >:29 o'clock. 615 Larlcln. open until
»:30 o'clock. 'Ml Mission, cpea until 10 o'clock. ZXl Market
coiuei Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open nntll 9 o'clock. NW cor
ner Twenty-a eccr.d and Kentucky, open until 3 o'clock.
THE ZEPPELIN AIRSHIP TRIAL.
/"* CONSIDERING the importance of the.expe.ri
(. ment and the wide interest "taken in all efforts
to achieve aerial navigation, the reports sent
from Europe concerning the trial, trip of the great
vessel constructed by Count Zeppelin have been
strangely, vague and unsatisfactory. • The plans for
the ship 'were of such a nature that no difficulty was
found in obtaining capital to build in accordance with
them the largest airship ever, undertaken. Public in
terest in the experiment has been keen, and yet when
the trial trip was made on July '2 hardly any atten
tion was paid to the result in the dispatches from
Europe. "Y- z }-& ¦ ¦ '¦¦ -.'- '"^
From the fact "that so little was said about the
event it will be assumed the experiment was unsatis
factory. It happens, : however, that of the little that
was said the chief- part consists of an announcement
that the trip was satisfactory. A. dispatch to the' New
York Sun stated that in the trial the ship made a
distance of thirty-five miles, and that Count Zeppelin
was fully satisfied with the working of the vessel, but
it was added he would not undertake another trip for
upward of two- months. That sounds very much as
'if his satisfaction were of a dubious kind, for it is
clear something in the nature- of a serious defect must
have been discovered, since ft will take upward of two
months to remedy it. -¦ .
In the absence of any direct information from the
persons who made the experiment it is worth while
to note the reports of those who watched the trip
from the outside. According to one of these, while
the ship was in the air at a height of 1600 feet Zeppe
lin headed it against the wind and caused it to per
form various evolutions, once describing a huge fig
ure 8, which astonished the spectators below. The
force of the wind was then twenty feet a second. At
a height of 1260 feet 7he airship covered five miles and
& quarter in seventeen and a half minutes.
Other reports are to the effect that the steering
apparatus worked well until near the end of the trial,
when one of the wires broke, 'but that notwithstand
ing the accident the navigators succeeded in guiding
the huge ship safely to an anchored pontoon, on
which it alighted. Furthermore it is stated that a
"scientist of European reputation" who watched the
experiment says it was eminently successful, and that
while the airship is admittedly imperfect, it proves be
yond a doubt that Zeppelin possesses the key of the
mystery, and a new era of aerial locomotion has be
gun. German military aeronauts -who watched the
experiment officially are also credited with being
satisfied, but none have published their views.
Upon reports of that kind it is of course impossi
ble to base a definite judgment. It may be the
experiment was' as satisfactory as is claimed/and that
the concealment of the details is due to the intention
of the inventor to make the construction of the vessel
a military secret of the German empire, but the
chances are that nothing really great" in the way of
aerial transportation was achieved. A flight of thirty
five miles was in itself nothing, and the public will
have to wait -for another test before it can be certain
whether or no the flight was marked by any. features
which assure the triumph of aerial transportation on
a large scale. - ;.-..- ¦. - w ,
DOWN in a populous group of islands in the
South Seas there is a bloody revolution, in
which all Europeans who escape slaughter are
being driven into stockades on the coast, where they
wigwag the ships that pass in the tropic night and
the torrid day for help. All this. bloody trouble and
gory grief has been brought about by ignorance of
j Devion's line. On one side of that line it_is Sunday
and on the other it is Sunday the next day, and two
Sundays come together, or one day is dropped out
and lost.
In the islands where- all this turbulence is on tap
the early missionaries went, thinking that in sailing
around the globe this gain and loss of a day occurred
without variation at the one hundred and eightieth
meridian of longitude west of Greenwich. So they
converted the heathen natives and taught them that
God must be worshiped on a certain day for Sunday.
The natives were easy converts. They sought salva
tion tumultuously and were glad to have their re
ligious duties confined to' one day. It was a
great advautage. Their pagan gods had exacted of
them some sort of sacrifice several days in the week,
and their pleasures were too often interrupted
thereby. But this one Sunday arrangement just
j suited them.- They could do up all their religious
functions then) and go fishing the rest of the week.
All this had gone on for a long time, when the mis
sionaries discovered that they had made a mistake.
They learned of Devion's line, vhich does not con
form to the one hundred and eightieth meridian but
zigzags through the Pacific, dropping Sunday and
picking it up again in the most erratic manner. The
Sunday they had been keeping was not Sunday. at all,
but a base and secular Saturday or Monday!
Immediately they began to induce the natives to
change to the proper day. But they would not have
it. They were mad clear through. Their white
teachers had made them do up their religion on the
wrong dnj'. Therefore, these simple children of na
ture argued, their worship had been wasted. As it
was offered on a day that was not God's day, they
had not been heard. Worse than that, they had
snubbed their old gods for this rrew one, and were
cut oft all around, and had been for years running
with their trolley oft the wire, as it were.
They told the missionaries that as they had lied to
them about the day they had lied, no doubt, about
the whole business, and had lured them away from
their old gods to nothing. If they had been up in
modern science they would have likened their condi
tion to talking in a mock telephone that had no hello
girl at the other end of the wire.
In resentment of their treatment they got into
feathers and warpaint and brought out the knotted
club and pot in which they used to cook missionary
stew. .
The results are beicre the Christian nations. No
doubt Bishop Cranston will want to send down a
fleet to shoot the right Sunday into them. But we
should say that the incident is a warning to future
missionaries to lay less stress upon set days and forms
and ceremonies and teach the spirit of Christianity.
Had they done this the islanders would not have im
bibed the highly materialistic idea that Divinity is
present only one day, and if not addressed then does
not hear at all.
"Perhaps thy god sleepeth, or is upon a < journey,"
cried the prophet of the Lord tauntingly to the wor
shipers of Baal when the fire fell not on their sacri
fice. If we are to disturb the pagan peace we should
carry to the pagan something better than he had be
fore.
LONGITUDE fiND SALVATION.
MOST UNIQUE PICTURE OF PRESIDENT McKINLEY EVER MADE
ciency in the hospital supplies of the army is an of
fense of the worst kind. Were they American gen
erals not all the laurels they may win in battle would
save them from public indignation aroused by such
treatment of the men who were wounded under their
command.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900.
Special Information supplied dally to
Cal. glace fruit 60c per tt> at Townsend's.*
Lord Wolseley is mistaken in saying that with her
population of 400,000,000 people China lias every
requisite for. overrunning the world. She cannot arm
them, nor drill them, nor command them in, war;
and, moreover, she has not even the first requisite for
rnnnuest — that of a desire for it.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HEBREW BOOKS-R. V.. aien"fellen.
Cal. Any first-class dealer In books will
furnish you on application a list of prices
of various Hebrew religious books.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoll-'Tfce Geisha."
Alcazar — "Carmen."
Ory heu m — Yaud eville.
Grand Ojwa-bouse — "Children of the Ghettc."
Columbia— "Tree of Knowledge."
California— "A Day and Night." •
OijTnpla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and Tfceater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fifecher'8— "Romeo en<3 Juliet." ¦
Eutro Baths— Open nights.
AUCTION SALES.
Ey JCev Tork Auction Co.— Saturday, July 7, at 10 o'clock,
HOu Tents, at 112 Ciay street.Blazing Fluid Spreads Over the Vast
Plant Like a Raging Sea, Doing
Great Damage.
STANDARD OIL TANKS
FIRED BY LIGHTNING
London riding schools are providing
women grooms.
3*ifFs Mount in Front.
I LONDON. July 5.— At to-day's New
market races the Princess of Wales*
stakes of 10,000 sovereigns, the second
horse to * receive 1500 * and th© third 1000
Starter Ferguson' Dying.
James B. Ferguson, the great starter
of horseraces, lies between life and death
in his country home, the Kingstone Farm,
Lexington. About two weeks ago he was
the victim of an apoplectic stroke. Last
night word was received here that there
was little hope for his recovery and that
he would probably succumb . during the
night.
New Trustee for Woodland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, July 6.— E. P. Huston has
been appointed a city trustee to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of L.
Charmak. He is probably the youngest
man who ever filled such a position In
Woodland.
VESSELS AT NOME.
SEATTLE, July 5.— The steamer Valen
cia arrived to-day from Nome. She had
two Nome passengers, J. H. Hall and F.
G. Irving, both of San Francisco. The
Valencia reports the following vessels .at
Nome at the time of her departure:
Aloha. St. Paul, Mary D. Hume. Charles
D. Lane, Seward, Klihu Thompson, Vic
toria, Rainier, Lakme, Signal, Centennial,
Noyo, Grace Dollar, Garonne, Bear,
Charles Nelson, Abble F. Morris, Louis
J. Kenny, • Francis, Alice, Lady George.
Alcedo, Nellie G. Thurston, Fischer Bros.,
Louisa D, John and Winthrop, Thomas
F. Bayard. Laurel, J. M. Coleman and an
unknown full-rigged brig. The Nome City
sailed for Seattle a few hours before the
Valencia.
The Valencia called at Cape Tork, where
she landed sixty passengers and a large
amount of freight. Purser Fielding says
York has a promising beach from a gold
bearing standpoint.
MYTH'S QUEER SHOWING.
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— The only striking
feature of to-day's racing at the fair
grounds was the poor showing of Myth,
favorite for the third race, he finishing a
poor fourth. Myth's entry will hereafter
be refused by the association, owing to
the Inconsistent performances of Mr. Kit
tleman's gelding. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Graves won, Nadrone
second. Bonaqua third. Time, 1:15>4>
Five and a half furlongs, two-year-olds— Wild
Pirate won, Selde second, Obia third. Time,
1:09%;
One mile, selling— Tera Incognita won, Leo
King second. Theory third. Time, 1:42%. .
Six furlongs— Miss Mae Day won. Loving Cup
second. Bummer third. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs,' two-year-olds— Lilly Partland
won. Edna Green second, Premus third. Time,
1:02%. ¦
Six and a half furlongsr selling— The Light
won Early Bird second. Tom Cromwell third.
Time, 1:21%.
CHICAGO, July 5.— At Washington Park
to-day Miss Bennett, carrying 122 pounds,
equaled the track record of 4S seconds for
a half-mile and Sly ran six furlongs In
1:12%, while selling platers in the last race
equaled the track record for seven and
a half furlongs. The closing event was
won by a 40 to 1 shot, Mellocole. Results:
One mile— Cogmoosle won. Florizar second,
Lamachus third. Time, 1:40%.- ¦
Six furlonss— Sly won. Belle of Memphis sec
ond Headwater third. Time. 1:12*4.
Half a mile. Quickstep stake*— Miss Bennett
won, Harry Herenden second. School for Scan
dal third. Time. :4S. •
One and a sixteenth miles— Golden Fox won,
Eva Rice second, Andes third. Time, 1:46%.
One mile and seventy- yards, selling 1 — Orimar
won. Clay Pointer second, Patroon third.' Time,
1:44%. ¦ ¦ : -
: - Seven and a half furlongs, selling— Mellocole
won, Mies Bh&nley second, Teucer third. Time,
1:33*..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., July 6.— The death
list of victims of yesterday's street car
accident now numbers forty-three, two
of the injured, C. W. Woodruff and D.
Brown, expiring at the hospital.
Coroner Hoska summoned a jury this
morning, consisting of Charles D. Atkins,
ex-Councilman Turner, Frederick A. Olds,
Peter Irving, J. H. Babbittt and Charles
H. Plass, which viewed the remains -at
the undertakers' and the scene of the
wreck./ Further hearing was adjourned
until to-morrow. A thorough investiga
tion will be made.
Stories are current that the car was ou^
of order and the motorman objected to
taking it out. but was ordered out by the
superintendent. This is denied by the
superintendent and manager, S. Z. Mitch
ell of the General Electric Company, who
says the car was in first-class order and
that a bulletin was posted ordering all
men to abandon schedules during the
holiday rush and make safety the first
requisite.
Annie Slngland. a young woman, says
she heard the motorman tell Oscar Brot
ten on the front platform that something
was wrong and ask Brotten to help him
brake the car. Both went at the brakes
and soon something snapped. The car
immediately Increased its already high
speed and the passengers on the platforms
began jumping off. ¦ ¦
Annie was but slightly bruised, being
taken out ; of the wreck with , two dead
under her and four on top of her, their
bodies saving her from being mangled by
the timbers of- the car. Several others
miraculously escaped serious injury- v ' £
At South Tacoma Junction, 40 Lake
Park passengers were left because the
car was too crowded for them to get on."
There are now 24 injured at St. Joseph's
Hospital, and 37 at > Fannie Paddock Hos
pital. For many of these there is but lit
tle hope of recovery.
After.belng viewed by the Jury to-day
tke : funeral of ; the victims began. They
Stated That the Ill-Fated Car Was
Out of Order and the Motor
man Objected to Running
Same.
Jury Summoned to Make a
Thorough Investi
gation.
TACOMA WRECK
VICTIMS NUMBER
FORTY-THREE
Will Confer With Mark Hanna at
Cleveland and Proceed to Can
ton Where He Will Be tha
Presidsnfs Guest.
S\ k — ~*
CHICAGO, July 5.— Quietly and unosten
tatiously Governor Roosevelt of New
York to-night alighted from a Burling
ton train, having completed the first
stage of his journey home from the Rough
Riders' reunion in the Far Southwest. Omy
a small crowd was at the station to greet
the Governor as the train came ln.
Governor Roosevelt went at once to the
Chicago Athletic Club, where he rested
until 3 o'clock, when he boarded the Lake
Shore train en route to Cleveland. He la
expected to confer with Senator Hanna
to-morrow morning and to reach Canton
some time in tne afternoon, whither he
Is Invited by the President.
The Governor to-day made many
speeches and always to enthusiastic au
diences. The run was from Qulncy, en the
banks of the Mississippi, to Chicago,
through the fertile corn belt of Illinois.
Speeches, some long, some short, were
delivered at Quincy, Camp Point, Au
gusta, Plymouth, Macomb, Bushnell,
Avon, Abington. Gale3burg. Galva, Ke
wanee, Princeton, MendotA and Aurora.
Toward the last end of the trip the Gov
ernor's voice failed him and the stops
after that were Ie3s frequent.
At Three Points the train sped through
at lightning speed regardless of the pres
ence of crowds and brass bands pre
pared for a demonstration. The people
at these places had to be satisfied with
a bow and a wave of the Governor's hand
as the special swept past them. Some of
Colonel Roosevelt's speeches to-day had
reference to questions of politics, but gen
erally were of a patriotic character, serv
ing as an aftermath of Independence day.
Apparently the most' endearing term
which his admirers can apply to the*Gov
ernor Is "Teddy," "Hurrah for Teddy,'.*
and "McKlnley and Teddy" has been the
prevailing sentiment of the crowds all
along the line.
Makes Shortstop at Chicago
on His Homeward
Journey.
CHEERS FOR
ROOSEVELT IH
MANY TOWNS
struck one of the connecting lines at 12:45
o'clock this morning was the signal for
the outburst of fire. The bolt struck and
killed Electrician Charles King and at the
same instant a great mass of flame ap
peared above tanks 4, 6 and 16, and like
a flash flew in all directions. These tanks
are ninety-foot tanks and contained 1,200,
000 gallons^f oil each. Tank No. 6 was
split in two> The flaming oil immediate
ly set the new refinery on fire and swept
across the railroad tracks to the National
Storage Company, setting tire to the tres
tles and track. The whole mass of flames
leaped into the air for hundreds of feet,
and as the blazing oil leaped and spread
down on the ground it carried the flames
with it. This sea of flames ran around
the Hungarian tenement houses in the
rear of the tanks. The occupants barely
had time to get out of the building alive
and they rushed pell mell over the ground
to escape the blazing sea that was chaf
ing them faster tnan any prairie fire. All
about the yards the flames spread and in
a short while ten tanks were burned. The
Bayonne lire department was almost help
less. ; .-•¦-, ¦•"-'
Heavy volumes of gas-charged smoke,
which frequently ignited like huge sus
pended charges of magnesium, drifted
across New York Bay and the sea of
blazing oil was steadily creeping toward
the docks of. the oil works. Here lay
over fifty vessels, including tank steamers
and barges. Lines were made fast to these
and they were pulled out into the bay.
The flames had crept down to the wa
ter's edge, and even upon the water itself
were great patches of burning oil that
set fire to some of the docks. The tug
boat captains did what they could to save
the piers and then formed a semi-circle
around the burning oil and threw out logs
to prevent it from spreading.
By this time the flames on the tanks
had gained such headway that by the
middle of the day there were twenty-one
tanks burning. The burning fluid had its
way, and as it crept onto the small build
ings in the yards they were consumed
like paper boxes. Fifteen oil cars of the
Union Tank line and four of the Central
Railroad of New Jersey were burned. The
new refinery, which was partially de
stroyed, was commenced in 1896 and cost
$1 500,000, and since that .time many ; Im.
provements have been made. About one
third of the plant Is In ruins. The area
burned over is 125 acres In extent.
Two tanks exploded to-night shortly
after 10 o'clock. These .two tanks will
probably increase the loss by $200,000.
will be continued all week. Crowds gath
ered about the morgues all day and there
was much talk over the cause of the ac
cident. Manager Mitchell says it was an
unavoidable accident. He has sent ex-
Councilman Patterson and another man
out among the bereaVed families to re
lieve necessities as far as possible. The
company has subscribed $1000 to a relief
fund in the hands of the Mayor.
Eye-witnesses to the accident say tho
car was* running at the rate of fifty
miles an hour when It reached the bridge
and turned completely over without
jumping the track.
sovereigns (and the nominator of the win
ner 400 sovereigns, and the nominator of
the second 200 sovereigns out of tho
utakes), for three and four-year-olds. th»
Rowley mile, was won by II. Chaplans
three-year-old bay filly Merry Gal. by
Galopln. out of ilary Seaton. on -which J.
Reift had the mount. The Prince of
Wales' three-year-old bay eolt. Diamond
Jubilee, by St. Simon, out of Perdita II.
finished next. Lord William Beresford's
four-year-old chestnut colt Caiman, rid
den by L. Reiff. was third. Eight horses
ran.
cm euro ati shut out.
Lose a Hotly Contested Game to tha
CORRECT STAXDIN'G OF THE CLUBS.
Clnt>»— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn.... 33 21 .644 Cincinnati.. 23 32 .473
Philadelphia 34 27 .559 Boston *5 33 .411
Pittsburg... 34 29 .540 St. Louis... 23 33 .431
Chicago 82 29 .SljiXe-sr Tork... 21 37 .3*3
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— St. Louis presented a
crippled team, but at that put up a stiff game.
McOraw's injured hand prevented him from
playing. Attendance 2100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 9 1
Philadelphia 3 10 3
Batteries— Powell and Crigrer: Piatt and
Douglass.
CINCINNATI, July 5.— Nops allowed Cincin
nati but one hit to-day. Newton, too, pttrbed
effectively. Dahlen's hitting rave the Cham
pions their runs. Attendance 900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 0 10
Brooklyn 2 • 10 0
Batteries— Newton and Peltz; Nops and Far
relL
PITTSBURG. Pa.. July 5.— Pittsburs lost
through errors and miserably slow playing. At
tendance 2S00. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 3 9 4
New Tork 7 '7 ?
Batteries— WaddeU, Leever and ZImrner;
Carrlck and Bowerman.
CHICAGO. July 5.— Chicago won their eighth
straight game by shutting out Boston. Hits
by Ryan and McCormlck and wild throws by
Long and Clements gave the locals all their
runs. Both pitchers were on their mettle and
did good work. Attendance 2300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 2 8 1
Boston 0 7 >
Batteries — Taylor and Donahue; Dineen and
Clements. ' •
American League Games.
MILWAUKEE. July 5.— Milwaukee 0; Chica
go. 1-
INDIANAPOLIS, July S.-Indtanapolls. 7;
Detroit, 5.
Record Suspends Publication.
SAN JOSE, July 5.— The Record, which
has been published here as a morning
dally for several months by F. A. Taylor,
has suspended publication. It Is under
stood that tbe paper failed to pay.
Colonel C. O. B. Cowardin.
RICHMOND. Va., July 5.— Colonel C. O.
B. Cowardln, editor in chief of the Rich
mond Dispatch, died to-day from typhoid
fever, aged 43 years.
TSU TSI, THE DOWAGER EMPRESS OF CHINA.
From the Sphere after Harper's Magazine.
road, the beginning of the rainy season
and the necessity of protecting Tientsin,
the commanders of the international
forces are unable to send troops to Pe
king The Chinese have pierced the grand
canal and flooded the country in rrder to
prevent the advance of the inten.utional
troops towards Peking."
TIENTSIN SAVED
BY JAPANESE TROOPS
LONDON, July 5.— A news agency dis
patch from Shanghai, dated Wednesday,
July 4. after reiterating the statement
that there has been heavy fighting at
Tientsin, adds that only the arrival of 900
Japanese prevented the capture of the
town.
Messengers from Peking say that after
the German engineers burned the Tsung
11-Yamen they occupied the city gate in
front of the palace with fou_ guns, two
of which were captured from the Chinese.
All the other gates were held by the Chi
nese. Prince Ching's troops are said to
be fighting against the Boxers.
VICEROYS PROMISE TO
PROTECT FOREIGNERS
LONDON, July 5.— The Chinese Minister
has received replies from Viceroys of
Nankin and Szechuen, saying they will
be responsible for lives and property of
foreigners in their provinces, as requested
by the British Foreign Office.
JUNE 25 LEGATIONS WERE
SAVE BUT HARD PRESSED
SHANGHAI, July 5.— A messenger with
official advices, who left Peking June 25,
says over 100,000 Chinese soldiers and riot-
KWANG-SU, THE YOUNG EM
PEROR OF CHINA AT THE
AGE OF 14,
From the Sphere after Harper's Magazine.
LONDON, July 6.— The story that all
foreigners in Peking were murdered
on June 30 or July 1 appears to be
circulating simultaneously at Che
fu, Shanghai and Tientsin ard yet,
as it is not confirmed by official dis
patches, ind Is not traceable to the South
ern Viceroys, who are still in communica
tion with Peking, there is some basis for
hope that it is untrue. Cautious observers
at Shanghai recognize that, «.-ven though
these reports are rejected, those in Pe
king must be galloping to a tragic end.
Correspondents of the Express at Shang
hai gather details from Chinese sources
which, pieced together, relate that when
the foreigners' ammunition was exhausted
the Boxers and imperial troops rushed
the British legation and poured into the
courtyard with fanatical fury. The for
«ign troops were s=o hopelessly outnum
bered that tht ir fate was certain. The
moment the mob broke, the courtyard
was oonv< rted into a shambles. Others
of the Invaders reached the Interior of
the building. One correspondent adds:
"It la only ieft to hope that in the final
rush of the murderous horde the men of
the legations had time to slay with their
own hands the womankind and children.
The Chinese are whispering the terrible
glory under their breaths. Their attitude
toward fun-ignors in the streets has un
dergone a Klrange change. The demeanor
of the better class of Chinese is one of
pity, raiher than cf triumph. Even the
rabble in native quarters is silent. Some
thing of this culminating tragedy is ghast
ly. The history of recent events in Peking
teems to pervade the very atmosphere
here and compel belief against all our
hope. The Consuls fear that the report
is too true and Chinese officials do not at
tempt to seek reasons for a denial."
Death of the Emperor.
Two Manchus, who have arrived at
Shanghai, certify the truth of the state
ment that Prince Tuan visited the pal
ace and offered the Emperor and Dowager
Empress the alternative of poison or the
sword. The Emperor, they say. took poi
son and died within an hour. The Dow
a^er Empress also chose poison, but
craftily swallowed only a portion of what
was offered her and survived. On the
same day the Chinese customs bureau
was destroyed. Sir Robert Hart, inspector
of customs', ar.d his staff, escaping to the
legations. Intense indignation is felt in
Shanghai against the supposed action of
the powers in restraining Japan from
pending an army to Peking immediately.
The powers are accused of being as guilty
of murder as are Prince Tuan's fanatics
and Sir Robert Hart is blamed for r.ot
having informed foreigners of the im
mense imports of arms, especially a few
weeks ago. The Chinese commanders are
preparing for a long, severe campaign
and are putting into operation plans
iratrn up by German officers last year fot
resisting an Invasion from the seaboard
by Russia.
The correspondent of the Daily Mail at
Shanghai, telegraphing under the date of
Juiy D, 12:10 p. m., says he believes that
when official information comes regarding
Peking it may inciude news of the out
raging of English women and torture of
children. It may ' almost be taken for
granted, he asserts, that all foreigners
in Peking have been wiped out. There are
whispers of startling rumors in native
quarters and it must not be forgotten that
the tekpraph lines on which alone news
can ccine are solely in the hands of the
Chinese. The native rumors are likely to
have their source on a solid basis, and na
tive officials are believed to be prepar
ir.fr the way for the reception of r.ews
of the greatest crime of the century.
Taotai Yu admitted to a correspondent
that the case of the Europeans in Peking
is utterly hojidess. in his opinion. He
believes that If they have not yet been
T^iacc-i^Tvr.rl i* Ic nnk- ¦ mattpr nf time
before they will be.
Boxers Mobilizing.
A letter brought by a courier from Pe
king, received in Shanghai on July 4, says
the Boxers are gathering in force about
Poking, reinforcements arriving from all
directions. This is taken to indicate the
concert of action among the nobles who
are believed to have thrown In their lot
with the Boxers. The Emperor and Dow
ager Empress, the letter reads, are com
pletely under the thumb of Prince Tuan
and Yang Ki.
Dispatches from Hongkong eay the
"Triads," a secret society, is assuming
a threatening demeanor on th_e mainland.
Li Hung Chang has sent 5000 men to oc
cupy Boru forts at the mouth of the
Canton River.
The. Shanghai correspondent of the
July 4: Yuan Shikai, Governor of Shan-
July 4: Yuan Shikai, Governor of Shang
tung, telegraphs the French Consul here
that Prince Tuan is preparing an edict
ordering the extermination of all for
eigners. This is probably intended to pre
pare the public for the worst news. Chi
nese reports, which are generally be
lieved here, declare all foreigners in Pe
king have been massacred.
"The safety of all foreigners In North
China," say? one report, "depends upon
Japan's prompt action. Japan has 70,000
troops ready, but is prevented from send
ing them to China by international jeal
ousies."
Japan Criticized.
The morning papers have various Con
tinental dispatches handling the question
as to why Japan does not send more
troops to China, but none of them throw
much light upon the subject.
The Daily Mail offers the query, "Could
Japan have relieved Peking if given a
free hand?" The correspondent replied:
"Yes. Japan's strength is ample and her
ability to use it unquestioned. The truth
is the Mikado's Minister has been ex
cessively cautious, fearing that great dis
play of force might precipitate complica
tions among powers." The Chinese Min
ister to Great Britain, who had arranged
a dinner for July 24, In honor of the Chi
nese Emperor's birthday, canceled all ar
rangements yesterday (Thursday). It Is
understood that some notable Englishmen
who had received invitations to the func
tion declined to be present, and inti
mated to the Minister that It was inop
portune to honor the Emperor now.
GREATEST CRIME OF
CENTURY EXPECTED
Special Cable to Tbe Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1S0O, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON. July 6.— This dispatch from
its siic-cial correspondent Is published by
the Daily Mail:
SHAXHAI, July 5.— I have no hesitation
in stating that crimes, including, I believe,
the murder of all European Ministers and
officials, have been committed In Peking
at which, when the facts are known, the
whole civilized world will stand aghast.
Official Information, when it comes, may
evrn include an%wful story of outraged
English women and tortured children and
public execution in the streets of Peking
of even women and children— a story of
frightful atrocity which will shock Eu
rope. In fact, it may be almost taken for
granted that the whole foreign quarter
of Peking has been completely wiped out.
There are whisperings and Btartling and
pensaTional rumors which are floating
around without apparent reliable source
in native quarters, but it must not be for
gotten that the imperial telegraph over
which alone news can now come from
Peking is solely in the hands of the Chi
nese, and that whisperings and rumors in
native quarters are at least likely to have
some solid basis of fact.
I would hesitate to send this, since the
last reliable news from Peking about the
Europeans came from Sir Robert Hart by
BERLIN, July 5.— The German Consul
at Tientsin reporting the contents of let
ters of Sir Robert Hart, the Inspector
general of Chinese customs, and a French
letter, dated Peking, June 24, already
known, adds:
"Owing to the destruction of the rail-
CHINESE FLOOD
THE ROADS TO PEKING
WASHINGTON. July 5.— Consul General
Goodnow's prophecy of further
if the allied forces in China fail to im
press the Chinese with their resources
is part of the testimony upon which the
United States may base its decision to
augment its forces in China considerably.
The Consul General's dispatch was the
only scintilla of official news emanating
from China to-day respecting the war.
The State Department has accepted as
beyond question the death of the German
Minister at Peking, as evidenced by its
message of condolence directed to Ber
lin. Usually the department is exceedingly
circumspect in its actions where there
remains any doubt of the death of the
individual concerned, so that the message
dispatched to-day must be taken as
proof that the department is completely
satisfied of the accuracy of the report of
the assassination of Von Ketteler.
Secretary Hay had as callers to-day rep
resentatives of four powers involved in
the Boxer troubles. Minister Wu came
early in the day ar.d was followed by M.
Thiebaut, the French Charge; Von Holle
ben. the German Embassador, and Mr
Nabeshima. the Japanese Charge. It
seems reasonable to suppose that, not
withstanding diplomatic denials on their
part, these gentlemen were Impelled to
visit the State Department by the Chinese
conditions. Very likely they were brougnt
there by Secretary Hay's identical note
to their respective Governments defining
the position of the United States. If the
note was intended, as it probably was, to
bring out corresponding pledges from the
powers to do what is right in China, to
act in common and sink ignoble personal
ends, it as yet has had no effect.
At least none of the powers has re
sponded. there is reason to be
lieve that at least one of the great pow
ers, probably France, already has taken
a position closely corresponding to that
assumed by the United States in this mat
ter, and that the others will be heard
from very soon. The one point on which
all the powers seem resolved is that an
expedition shall be got through to Pe
king at the earliest possible moment, and
our Government is second to none in the
determination that order shall be re
stored there.
• ?
ADDITIONAL TROOPS MAY
BE SENT TO TIENTSIN
"It is obvious from the message that
the correspondent has the best of reasons
for believing that news of the greatest
importance is being suppressed by native
authorities. There is. we fear, only too
much reason for the correspondent's sug
gestion that the greatest tragedy of the
century has been consummated."
These officials are most anxious that we
should understand that the Government
of China has been entirely superseded by
the Boxers. Of my own knowledge I
know for a truth that most of the Man
chu princes, with their adherents, gen
erals and troops, are members of the Box
er society and are busily engaged In re
cruiting for the cause.-
This duplicity leads those with a knowl
edge of things Chinese to the belief that
native officers here, who are unquestion
ably suppressing the news, are endeavor
ing to prepare the way with the least
harm to themselves for the reception of
news of the greatest crime of the cen
tury. .
In a note on the foregoing dispatch- the
Daily Mail says its correspondent at
Shanghai is a gentleman of distinction,
with unequaled sources of information,
and continues:
carrier, dispatched on June 25, were It not
that I find some Chinese officials here
and who show a friendliness to Euro
peans, who have had to my knowledge
advices from Peking, via Pio-Ting-Fu,
within the last twenty-four hours.
Is Preparing an Edict Ordering the Exter
mination of All. Foreigners.
French Consul at Shanghai Notified by the
Governor of Shantung That Prince Tuan
at Peking Come From Many
Sources, but Lack Confirmation.
GOXJ> FROM KLONDIKE.
Convicted Murderers Brought Down
on the Steamer Queen.
Special Dispatch- to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. July o^Th© steamer
Queen reached here to-night with a bis
crowd of miners and excursionists and
$G0.O» in gold dust from Klondike. Amnn?
her passengers were live Indians con
victed of the murder of Mr. and Mrs. Hor
ton near Skaguay last year and sen
tenced to twenty-year terms. Jim Hanon.
who confessed to the murder of'Horton.
was sentenced to death and will be>
hanged at Sitka on September 21. Several
other prisoners were brought down. A
shipment of SfiOO.OOO in gold, made by the
Canadian Bank of Commerce, reached
Skaguay June 29.
Death of a Centenarian.
VISALIA, July 5.— Mrs. Cruz Blllesras,
a Mexican woman who claimed to be 123
years old. died in this city to-day. She
leaves two daughters — Mrs. Rafa'ia Bar
bona and Mrs. Carmel Kellz, aged 70 and
68 years, respectively. She came to VI
salia in the early '70'a.
School Census Returns.
SACRAMENTO. July 5.-The school
census returns from the several counties
of the State show an increase over last
year in children t>etween tlve and seven
teen years of 10,539, or a total of 360,663.
There are 352.470 whites, 2444 negroes, 2934
Indians and 2S15 Mongolians.
Rumors of • a General Massacre
bellion to the southern provinces unless
the international forces are reinforced
and maintained.
ers surrounded the legations, but in spite
of fierce attacks they had not then suc
ceeded in breaking through the wall. The
messenger also said all persons connected
with the palace were pro-Boxer, even
princes and dukes and every one wor
shiping the god of the Boxers. The gates
of the inner city, it was added, were open
for half a day.
m
POSITION OF THE FORCES
AT TIENTSIN DANGEROUS
PARIS. July 5.— A Temps dispatch from
Chefu, dated to-day, says: Tientsin Is
still surrounded by an overwhelming
number of Chinese who are trying to cut
the communications of the international
forces, whose position is very dangerous.
The "allied troops, numbering 12.000 men,
have succeeded with difficulty in prevent
ing by strategic measures an assault by
the Chinese, whose artillery greatly out
numbers European guns.
OREGON'S OFFICER AT PEKING,
WASHINGTON, July 5.— The Navy De
partment has received the following- ca
blegram from Admiral Kempft: •
"CHEFU— Meyers of the Oregon com
mands force at Peking. Captain Hall and
Dr. LJppitt also there. KEMPFP."
SPBEADING SOUTHWARD.
WASHINGTON*. July 5.— A cablegram
has been received by the State Depart
ment from Consul General Goodnow at
Shanghai stating that there is imminent
danger of an extension of the Boxer re-
NO HOPE FOR FOREIGNERS IN PEKING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900.
NEW YORK. July 5 —More than two
and a half million dollars' damage
has already been done and a num
ber of persons have been severely
burned by a fire that started in
th#- works of the Standard Oil Company
9t Constable Hook, Bayonne, N. J., early
this morning. Twenty-three large tanks,
• -»— » •<<?€>• 4>-»- ¦€>-?— <^-»—S" »-•§.- -»-4
WWW V V
fifteen Union Tank Line cars, the Crude
Oil Refinery, the compound sweating
plant, a Hungarian tenement and a sa
loon have been utterly destroyed, and the
contents of twenty-three huge oil tanks
Is still burning in a sea of flame cover
ing over a hundred acres. "j;.. ¦/¦'.•'
The crash of a lightning bolt as It
7
STANDARD OIL PLANT AT CONSTABLE HOOK, N. J., WHICH
WAS DESTROYED BY FIRE.made therein, then the hour of our ultimate
triumph is at hand.
There Is no creater honor reserved for a
citizen cf these I'nited States than to become
the standard bearer of the Democratic party
It at once enrolls hie nair.e on the ocroll of
the "immortals who ure not 'born to die," and
encircle* him with a halo of the Klory of all
the Illustrious achievements which that un
comjuered and unconquerable organization has
err.biazoned on every pase of our nation's his
tory. It entrusts to his keeping the fame of
that lor.tf line of statesmen and patriots who
have kntlt for a blessing at democracy' t
fhrir.e:
"O bright are the scenes of those heroes and
sa^es.
That tl:;ne like Etars through th« dimness of
ag^s-,
lVbOM ''.<•• V.s are inscribed on the pages of
story.
Former M live In the sunlljrht of rlory."
Not Unworthily Bestowed.
This hith distil. ction must not be unworthi
ly bestowed. It mutt follow as a reward tot
noble actlor.B bravc-ly .ione. for unrequited, tlre
le«« toil, for ta^rinc** ir.nde anj FtrenBth dis-
I'layeU, for trusts dischar?*-'! and pledges kept.
We :nu*t s<ek a leader whose public ar.d pri
vate li:e jn.'St nearly exemplifies his party's
highest Ideals; who stand* unqualifiedly
jiledjfed to every tonic we declare: who will
• arry the standard »e piace In his hands.
even a* the 1U»«k I>ouj;las carriad the sacred
casket that enclosed the heart of Bruce. He
most not o«vlare for free trade with I'uerto
Itlco. ar.d then at the j-ersuatlve suggestion of
the .-':ij t.'Kioco trust sign a Mil for a
iar:fl .in the products of that IMand. He must
n..t iK'nounce a policy as one of "criminal ag-
and ti:cn at the demand of a power
behind the throne pursue the policy he has so
denounce!. He trust not. while profes;«!n^
oppomtlltm to combine* and conspiracies a^aliiM
trade, >c:id hi« emissaries to the trust baron
ca>i:e« to l>e.j:, IlUe I-.'.zarus at I>lves' gates,
for Futwcriptlom to blf oampaljn. He must
not lenj the moral ¦wppnrt of his administra
tion La a BXMMLTefer In it* efforts to destroy a
republic. Hut hi* n::j»t ever sympathize with
a people struggling for the rtftat of self-gov
ernment.
Instead nf the Republican policy of raono
metii::i^m ho must ofier the free and unlimited
coin:i>:» of t!ie m .r.ey ni»-ta!>> of the constitu
tion, the BolU th-u polished the winded ?an
ta'.s of Herni"* ar:ii the silver that glitter? in
tb* bow >>t LJlana. instead of a panic-breedinK
credit cumoey, Dootnlted by the bank trust,
he must offer (Jovernnifnt paj>er controlled by
tne j>eople.
lie must be able to distinguish between Dem
< T.itic expansion and Republican imperialism.
Th«r Qr*t is- a natural growth by the addition
of funt:gu<-<UK American territory. Into every
{ ><>i of which is carried the constitution, the
flag and the Jecalojrues, and over the shoulders
of ev»-ry inhabitant of the added territory Is
thrown a purple robe of sovereign citizenship.
It is a growth that has added eighteen stars
to the field of blue in the "banner of the free"
to symbolize the States that have been carved
1mm territory annexed to the domain of this
nation by the wisdom and statesmanship of the
Lwmocratlc party. This is an expansion that is
bounded on the north by the constitution of the
T'nited States, on the ei^t by the Monroe doc
trine, on the south by the Declaration of In
dependence and en the west by the ten com
mandments.
How dirrerer.t this from the bandit policy of
the H'-r-Wican imperialism, with Its standing
army and bayonet ru!e of conquered provinces;
H» government of sullen subject* ajralnst their
will, by force and fraud; its denial to them
of the protection of either the constitution or
the command which sa»vs. "Thou shah not
steal" — a policy that would send our Uncle
Sam off his American ran^e with a cowboy hat.
a rope and a branding iron, to rustle and brand
over all the loose Islands of the Orient, while
hyp'XTitlcally chanting the long-meter doxol
cgy.
Tinged With a Hosier Hue.
Democratic Fkies are tinged with a rosier
hue to-day than when we met in convention
lour years atro. Then a financial cataclysm had
epread over the country, and although Its every
inducing cause was easily traced to the erroj*
and follleB of the Republican party, yet we
wore in power when it came and were wrongly
held responsible for the wreck Of shattered for
tunes which followed in its wake. Torn asun
der hy dissensions within and disasters with
out, our party faced a gloomy and foreboding
future which feemed to aupur its dissolution.
The problem then was to select a standard
bearer bold enough to cover the rear of a re
treat and an the party from destruction, if
net from defeat.
While diei-r'l with her flaming torch con
fusrrt the counsels there, from out th° sunset
realm a champion came and l>ade defiance to
the onoomir.c hurt. With the Ftrer.?th of youth
¦ nd th« wisdom of ace. with knightly meln and
matebleu si»eech. he towered above his peer*
and all who saw him then with one accord did
hail him ¦•<^htef," ar.d Rave our party's ban
ner to his hand. FIjwIv despair gave way to
fc.ij.f •; crr.fidence took the place where timorous
fear had been: the broken shattered columns
f.irined asain and behind him slneinc came
Fix million five hundred thousand valiant men
to that unequal fight. "
And U.e Ktory of how well he foueht. how
feailessly he fell, and how dearly the enemy's
victory was boutht, has all cmie out into hiE
tory now.
Hack from hir "First Rattle" he came* a baf
fled but unciinquered hero of the rights oT man.
<"on»ciouF of the rectitude of his purpose, and
cheered ty the belief "that no Issue is ever
settled until it is settled rifrht." he cheerfully
acfjulf-scel in the result of that campaign, and
frlrdfd his loins for the next great contest be
tween the dollar and the man.
For four year* he has wasred an unceasing
war!'ar<» acainM the people'* enemy: for four
yean* he hn« heM up the party's Ftandard and
his voice f-.as rhecrr-d the hosts of Democracy
in every State and Territory. When the trusts
hepan t'i increase unrW the protection of a
republican airr.ir.lytratlcn, he was the fin<t to
poift out the danger and prescribe a remedy.
¦When the alarm* of a war for humanity
roused the heroic spirit of our land he offered
his fwnrci to hl« country'* raun* on the day
that war wa* declared. When later he saw the.
administration departing from the ancient land
marks of our institution*. In Itn enchanted
dream of empire and militarism, he was the
J*.r*t to ralpe a warning voice, and resigning;
hie oommifFion on the day the treaty of peace
«»f elcned. he threw himself into the contest
for the rescue of th' repuhllc
Realizing that Imperialism. like the fabled
Aetneuf. was hrn of earth, and that con
tended with upon the pelf.eh worldly plane of
treed and cold. !t wjf of clant Ftreneth ; and
If thrown down would rise again refreshed
from contact with its mother element. He.
like the mirhty Hercules, raised it above the
fordid sphere from which itn strength waa
drawn nnd on a plane of lofty patriotism he
Ftrar.i:!**'' It.
With the iKFUA* now olearly drawn, no doubt
remains ss to th* name of our candidate. On
that question we are a reunited Uemwrm-y.
Already worthy a!ll*p differing from u« rather
in nanif> than faith, have thouted for our gal
lant li-adrr apa'.n. and every Ptate and Terri
ventlon to vote for him here. So It only re
main? ff'r Nebraska to pr^nounoe the name
that hap trf-en thundered forth from the foot
of Unnker Hill and echoed ba<"k from Pler
m'f punsct *=lop*. and that reverberaten among
the pine-clad, Fno»-car>j>ed hl!li> of the North.
and ri«eg uj» from the «Iumbt>rln« flower-scented
Favannahs of the Pnuth: and that name !b th»
name of 'William Jennlncs Bryan, her b»«t
Icrvefl »on
He caught the fancy of the convention
by his Ftatement that the government of
this country is "bounded on the north by
the constitution, on the cast by* the Moi,
ro* doctrine, on the south by the Declara
tion of Independence ar.d on the west by
the ten comma r.dmonts."
"The prospects of the Democratic party
are brighter now than they were four
years ajro," he said, and out from the
middle of the convention came a rigor
ous "No!" uttered with emphasis.
"Ves!" "Yes:" came from several direc
tions to offset the utterance of the doubt-
Jn« Thomas. The Interruption caused Mr.
Oldnam to pause for a few moments, bu'
he caught his swln* apain and entered
upon his tulngy of Mr. Bryan, which he
delivered with impassioned fervor. As he
approached the close of his address he
raised both hard? high over his head and
spoke Flowly and with an energy that
caused h'.K voice to penetrate Into every
corner of the hall.
Wild Bryanic Demonstration.
"And that man is William Jennings
Bryan." he concluded, bringing his hands
lower with each word until the last had
been uttered, when he brought them up
with a sweep; but quicker than his motion
wan the answering cheer that swept
across the convention.
It was a simultaneous roar from all
part* of the hall. Up wont the delegates
upon their chairs, over their heads went
the flaps and above them all soared and
rang the cheers for Bryan. The band firal
lantly performed its share, but the noise
of its creation was but a drop in the tor
rent. The men from the State of Ne
braska flunfi: up a large banner, bearing a
likenePB of Mr. Bryan upon one side and
upon th* other the word "Nebraska" and
a smaller portrait of Mr. Bryan inclosed
in a star of blue.
\\ hatever may have been the differences
of the delegates over the platform thev
eecxaed to have forgotten them and ail
ENTHUSIASM
FOR PLATFORM
AND NOMINEE
Continued from Third Page.
were as one In favor of the man. New
York vied with Nebraska and Kansas in
venting its enthusiasm, llichard Croker
was on a chair, both arms aloft, a flag in
his right band, which he waved vigorous
ly. Hill was not behind him in the show
of loyalty to the nominee, and, waving
his arms, he let forth a series of cheers
that equaled those uttered by any man on
the floor. Over in Illinois. Ohio and In
diana, where 16 to 1 is not popular, there
was no hesitation now. The die was cast,
the gage of battle lifted and they swung
into the line fiercely us any that had
stood unfalteringly by Mr. Bryan in th<J
fight before the committee on resolutions.
Around the hall started the Nebraska
men with their huge banner, and, catching
up their State emblems, the other delega
tions took up the march, waving flags and
hats and cheering at the top of their
voices without cessation, save for the
breath" .necessary to a fresh outburst. t
The two women delegates from Ltah
joined in the parade, one of them carry
ing a small silk banner of white, upon
which was inscribed:
Greeting to William J. Bryan
from the Democratic Women of
Utah.
As the women passed along the aisle in
front of the IX t-w York delegation one of
the enthusiastic Tammany braves turned
loose a war whoop that rivaled any pre
viously utterc-d on this continent and
pounded one of the women over the
luad with his small flag as a token of
appreciation. Far from resenting the
blow, the woman smiled and pirouetted
through the aisle formed by shouting
men. Then Tammany went into real hys
terics and gymnastic spasms as the wo
men passed out of Bight in the crowd In
front of the speaker's desk.
Senator Clark of Montana, accom
panied by a lady, both bearing Hags
waved with intense energy, called fonh
terrific applause as they passed around
the hall. Behind them was Texas with its
long pole surmounted by steer's horns,
and farther back some of the New York
delegation carrying their little flag bear
ing the words "Don't think there are no
10 to lers In New Vork."
Continues Twenty-Seven Minutes.
Around and around the hall went the
marching column between two walls of
cheering men. who stood beneath a cloud
of fluttering flags. It was a demonstra
tion fully equal in fervor to anything that
has preceded vesterday or to-day when
the platform was read. When the enthu
siasm had run for nineteen and a half
minutes Chairman Richardson commenced
to pound vigorously for order. He was
lost beyond all power of hearing for sev
eral minutes and it was not until twenty
seven minutes had elapsed from the in
ttant that Mr. Oldham had mentioned the
word ".Bryan" that the cheering had sub
sided and the convention was In order.
Once more the excited and perspiring
crowd got into a state of quietude, suc
cumbing because of fatigue rather than
of obeying the gavel. The partly demol
ished State standards were put back in
their places and, panting and exhausted,
the delegates prepared for the seconding
of the nomination. In the midst of that
peculiar convention hum that seems to
come from nowhere Arkansas yielded to
Texas and Mr. Perkins began a speech
seconding Mr. Bryan. He lauded the plat
form and said some other pertinent
things, but the audience's appetite had
been whetted for the nomination ajid hla
voice was hardly distinguishable above
the strong hum of conversation and the
rustle of moving bodies. His finish was
applauded and then the voice of the clerk
calling- the roll was drowned out by cries
for "Hill! Hill!"
White Holds His Hearers.
Ex-Senator White of California got the
platform, however, and his stentorian
tones soon demanded attention and by his
decided delivery he kept the convention
somewhat In order. He was heard dis
tinctly, his big- voice filling the hall, and
at each of the telling points in his ad
dress applause broke forth. He said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: I arise to second the nomination of the
next President of the United States, William
Jennings Bryan. I am here to advocate Mr.
Bryan's nomination, because he is best fitted
to sustain the theory and practice of Democ
cracy. as taught and practiced by the great
men who won In battle and in debate the free
dom and privlleces which we are here to ap
preciate and defend. His life's pages present
no stain; his impulses and aspirations Inhibit
greed for power, or indifference to constitu
tional restraints, or monarchical methods or
imperialistic tendencies, or entangling alliances,
against which we were warned by the Father
ot his Country.
Coming from the f)eople, he will not ignore
the people: a lover of free government, he can
not oppress; a believer In those rights of man
which were avowed in the Declaration of In
dependence, he will not lend himself to
schemes of conquest or advocate dominion by
force. Manly, courageous, candid and true, he
will net use his power to oppress the weak,
and. conscious of the dignity and strength of
hi? position, he will not yield to the oppressor,
forget the oppreued, or sacrifice any principle
or bow to any tyrant.
This is an hour for deep reflection and for
courageous declaration. The trembling weak
ling may excuse his mistakes, because of his
incapacity, but the American j*oj>le. In the
presence of that strength which they have ac
cumulated during more than a generation, can
not afford to advocate wrong or to do aught
inconsistent with those maxims of justice which
It is beyond the power of allied armies to nul
lify or even m >dify.
The sword has often won. It obliterated the
earliest civilizations and swept away forever
all but fragmentary evidences of their great
ness. The ruins rn the Euphrates "where only
date trees Figh and serpents hiss"; the evi
dence of Persian splendor; the half-burled
monuments of wondrous physical and mechan
kal prowrcs which compel reflection on the
Nile: the faded glory of Macedonia; the rem
nants of Grecian magnificence; the scene
where Helen wooed and Hector died; the phy
sical demonstrations of luxury that once evoked
dazzling splendor under Vesuvius' shadow and
on t*e Tiber's bank, are all matters of mere
Mory and of them echo answers: "Where are
they?" listen to the wild ehouts from the
arena They cannot be heard; they are eter
nally FtlUed. Upon the ashen of those ma
terialistic civilizations another civilization
arose. They fell before the mild teachings of
better and truer men.
This republic has hitherto ever stood for
freedom; her son? have thrown aside their
Implements of husbandry, or the arts and
sciences, and have in unaccustomed hand
seized the sword of defense. Never until the
so-callerl demands of the Genius of Commerce
were employed to drive from us the Goddess
of Liberty have we heard men and women ap
plaud sentiments of unreasoning and even
favasre purpose. _-
Teachings of Washington.
Go with me down the placid I'otomac and
pause before the tombs of the Father of his
Country and his beloved spouse: consider the
thousands who for years as pilgrims have
T;aze<i with uncovered heads upon their un
gildtd resntng place and pause and reflect
whether you are following true leadership.
X«y. further treading with respectful foot
upfin Virginia's hallowed ground, stop where
Jefferwm'* monument stands. See the evidence
of his handiwork in the humblest pathways
ar.d then n>a<l wherever intelligence and civili
zation prevail his definition of liberty, his
views of the human family. Further, summon
them all. whatever their party, the mighty
drad, and afk them. "Can this republic, hold
ing the right to live under the doctrine of
liberty. Independence and God-fearing recti
tude, afford to engage In a campaign of slaugh
ter and acquisition?"
It may be profitable; so said the robber of
the AM<enines. It may be brilliant; so said
N"err> when in the Illuminated ballroom he out
raged decency and subjugated virtue. It may
iraXe us great: bo said the imperial l?ader when
he crowed the Rubicon and demanded the
world as a hunting ground wherein he might
chare man. It may b* profitable: so said Robin
Hood and Captain KIdd. Already we are dis
cus-ing questions of partition, and, like con
tending rreebooters, are claiming as much as
any other nation. Let us not omit to remem
ber that, however able and however strong we
may be, brains and power are not enough, ac
cording to any system, to make us happy here
or hereafter. We make municipal laws to pre
vent illicit attacks upon both person and prop
erty and we cannot consistently plead for any
alleged rule of procedure to Justify the aug"
mented responsibilities of national or lnter
natlona.1 Injustice.
I have heard It nald. "We will give them a
better and more frugal government"— so said
George III. "We will teach them the truths
of Christianity"— so has said every murdering
bicot since the risen Savior taught the mild
maxims of charity to those who were willing
to hear.
Frailties of Nature.
Wfcy U It that when we become prosperous
we forget the companions of our adversity?
Why is It that when we become powerful we
are prone to turn with aversion from Borne upon
whom in Ie*s hardened days we were ready to
leafl? Why Is It that we reject In time of
strength the savins doctrine of weaker years?
Possibly because we are human and yearn for
acquisition. t
But It would be more accurate to concede
that In the frailties of nature are to be ills
covered all that we can explain. The predis
position for more congenial things has many a
time ruined an Individual and often a nation.
An Indisposition to be satisfied with what we
have allures to forbidden enterprises. Why
should we not be content In the pursuit of the
general plans which we hare followed? The
Revolution was the primary effort for free-
tively unimportant. I allude to him as the
embodiment of a principle; the representative
of those doctrines which have been vindicated
through the ages. His defeat would be a repu
diation of that for which the patriots of the
country have ever contended.
When we speak of bimetallism, when we de
mand privileges allowed by our constitution,
we plead for the permanency of the republic.
Patriotism may indeed coexist with Ignorance,
but Intelligence alone can Insure the perpetuity
of freedom. Our school houses are everywhere.
The masses are considering that which is in
books, but It is not from learned page or
sculptured pedestal that the true man discovers
the road upon which he should tread. If more
than a century of free government has not
been sufficient to teach us to avoid the rocks
and shoals of dishonor and destruction which
have brought other peoples to ruin, it is dif
ficult, indeed difficult, to appreciate the char
acter of knowledge essential to the permanence
of liberty.
I trust that I have not too much wearied
you. What I have said is the honest expres
sion of my heart "and seems to be peculiarly
appropriate In a Democratic convention, held
under the Influence of the Fourth of July.
It Is particularly pleasant to be able to cast
our votes in accord with the wishes of the ma
jority of our countrymen. There are occasions
when the call of duty must Induce some of us
to Join the minority but in the present Instance
the sentiment of this convention is overwhelm
ingly In favor of the man who embodies In the
highest sense the views which I have expressed
and who will faithfully and effectually carry
out and maintain the principles to which I have
alluded. It is. therefore, with more than the
pleasure which such an occasion commonly
presents that I ask this convention to accord
Its undivided indorsement for the chief office
in the gift of the American people— the higheEt
and most honorable office In the world — to Wil
liam Jennlnrs Bryan of Nebraska.
Hill Talks at Last
Colorado gave way to Illinois and Judge
Thompson took the platform while the
audience again cried for "Hill." He began
in a tumult, but soon received attention
and seconded the nomination in behalf of
his State. Judge Thompson did not take
the ten minutes allotted him and as he
finished Connecticut yielded for David B.
Hill. Even as the State called yielded the
convention took up the cry which had
been on its tongue for two days. Flags
waved and the delegates arose and
cheered with the audience. The men In
New York wearing the Tammany badges
were the only delegates who kept their
seats.
Ex-Senator Hill forced his way to the
platform and waved his hand for silence.
When the cheers and cries for "Hill" had
concluded and the vast audience was seat
ed he began to speak slowly, but clearly,
and the attention given him was remark
able. The vast hall was almost perfectly
silent. His laudation of Bryan was re
ceived with applause and cheers, but
when he said "Bryan will have the sup
port of a united parti'," the convention
went wild and the band had to play
"America" to still the tumult. Hill's
speech follows:
Mr. President and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: In behalf of the Democratic masses of
the State of New York, for whom I assume to
speak on this occasion, I second the nomina
tion which has been made from the State of
Nebraska. (Renewed applause and cheering.)
William J. Bryan does not belong to Nebraska
alone; he belongs to the North and the South,
to the Kast and to the West — he belongs to the
whole country at large. (Renewed applause
and cheering-.) It Is a nomination already made
In the hearts and affections of the American
people. (Continued cheering and applause.)
From the closing of the polls four years ago
until this very hour there was never a pos
sibility of any othsr nomination being made.
(Enthusiastic cheering and applause.) He is
a gentleman that needs no Introduction to this
audience or to the American people. (Re
newed applause and cheering.) Nebraska Is
proud of him, but New York Is proud of him
also. (Renewed applause and cheering.) For
four years he has upheld the banner of Demo
racy In almost every State In this Union. His
voice has been heard, not only in behalf of our
principles, but In behalf of the cause of the
common people. In behalf of the worklngmen.
In behalf of humanity. (Great applause and
cheering.) He will not only have the support
of his party— a united party — (applause, cheers
and waving of nags lasting for three min
utes).
Yields to the Majority.
I, as you well know, was one of those who,
in good faith, doubted the wisdom of some
portions of the platform, doubted the propriety
of going Into detail on certain portions of our
financial policy; but the wisdom of this con
vention has determined otherwise, and I ac
quiesce cheerfully In the decision. (Loud ap
plaust-. cries of "Hurrah for Hill," and "Bryan
and Hill.")
I am here to say further that the platform
that has, been read Is \ worthy of the vote and
approval of every man In this country who
claims to be a Democrat. (Applause.) Those who
do not admire some portions, can speak for
others. If there are some Issues which they
do not desire to present as strikingly as others,
they can at least talk about something In this
platform that is worthy of their approval. At
least In some portions of this country the
paramount Issue Is going to carry and carry
strongly. (Applause.) i
This is the time for unity and not division.
(Applause.) I plead to-night for party harmony
and for party success. I plead because of the
dangers which confront us. If we should hap
pen to be defeated, which I do not believe,
what will follow? It means the restoration of
a Federal election law. It means a reduction
of the apportionment of members of Congress
throughout the Southern States of our Union:
It means a consequent reduction In the Blec
toral College from our Southern States, and the
plea of necessity will be made, because It will
be apparent by election day that some of the
new-born States of the West which they had
relied upon had gone over to the Democratic
party. (Applause.)
So I am here to say this Is a most Important
election for our party, for our country — Impor
tant for the best Interests of the American
people. I have no time to analyze this plat
form. We are speaking of men and not of
This nomination will meet the approval,
based upon this platform, of the people of the
East. (Cheers.) What we need Is an old
fashioned, rousing Ix-mocratlc victory through
out this land. That will mean the restoration
of the currency of our fathers. (Great ap
plauee.) That will mean home rule for
States. That will mean popular government
restored That will mean the supremacy of
equal laws throughout the country and In this
great result which we hope to achieve I am
here to say, simply in conclusion, that New
York expects to Join you with her thirty-six
electoral votes. (Great cheers.)
The applause for Senator Hill continued
for some minutes. When order was re
stored the secretary of the convention
proceeded with the call of States. Ten
nant Lomax of Alabama briefly seconded
the nomination of Bryan. During his
speech the vast auaience grew restless.
So much confusion existed that it was
extremely difficult to hear the speaker's
words. In fact, thirty feet from the plat
form they could not be heard.
Eloquence of Daniel.
W. B. Moore of North Carolina follow
ed Lomax with a brief eulogy of Bryan.
During his speech hundreds of people left
the hall, the lateness of the hour and their
Inability to hear being the motive.
In the midst of the confusion at the
close of Moore's address a Georgia dele
gate arose and on behalf of the South
requested that that peerless leader and
orator of Virginia, John W. Daniel, be
heard. Daniel was escorted to the plat
form and. as he appeared- at the front
of the chairman's desk, attired in conven
tional black broadcloth coat and trou
sers and his usual white tie, facing the
great audience, he looked the statesman
and orator that he Is. He was accorded
an enthusiastic reception. His speech was
a brilliant and eloquent eulogy of Bryan.
When he said: "I second the nomination
of one who would rather be right than be
President," a perfect storm of cheers
swept over the audience; and when he
added: "He is right by his noble and dis
cerning nature and he soon will be Pres
ident," the thousands present arose from
their seats and, amid the waving of hun
dreds of flags, cheered for almost a
minute. The congratulations received by
Senator Daniel at the close of his speech
amounted to a distinct ovation.
Kansas in Line.
Up came the short figure of David
Overmeyer of Kansas.
"Mr. Chairman," he shouted, "Kansas
has the honor to second the nomination of
Mr. Bryan and will do so through John
H. Atwood of Kansas."
A cheer greeted the close of Overmej>
er's brief speech and then Atwood of Kan
sas took the platform and made a short
address. j.
H. Fuqua of Louisiana followed In a few
words of commendation of Mr. Bryan and
then came Blair Ue from Maryland, who
made a brief address. After Lee came
Thomas J. Gadden of Massachusetts and
Thomas E. Barkworth of Michigan,
When New Hampshire was called the
chairman of the delegation announced
that it had intended to cast Us vote for
David B. Hill.. but it had decided to sec
ond the nomination of. William J. Bryan.
There were no more ¦ seconding : speeches
until Ohio was reached, when "WV C. -Baker
took the platform for a > few minutes.
Former Governor Patttson '-of. Pennsyl
vania came next and received an ovation
while on the way to the platform.
Throughout his speech he was cheered re
peatedly. -» Governor Benton McMHUn of
Tennessee stood; in his chair. instead of
walkinp to the platform for the few words
in which ho seconded the nomination of
Mr. ' Bryan. Vermont - followed with a
ahort seconding speech, delivered by T.."vV.
Maloney. and then came Wisconsin, which
dom. The fathers were not seeking to con
quer; they were in the exercise of the univer
sally conceded right of self-defense. The war of
1S12 was not .of their seeking, but was thrust
upon them. So, too. In our difference with
Mexico, we struKxlert to avert that which
proved to be inevitable. The awful war be
tween the Jjtates come In governmental evolu
tion, and, while many believed it could have
been averted. I am convinced history will ad
judicate that It was the result of a condition
lor which the combatants were not account
able.
Then came the war with Spain. To that I
was opposed and so recorded my sentiments in
the Senate of my country. I do not care to dis
cuss that now, save to say that those ¦who voted
as I did thought that the pending difficulties
could have been otherwise and honorably ad
justed and that— even more vital— the victory
In which we all expressed the utmost confi
dence would involve us In dancer and lessen
our Influence In the cause of human rights.
Possibly had It not been for the rascals who de
stroyed the Maine, we would not now be forced
to bend our supreme exertion to save the repub
lic from absorbing the germs of that disease
which has In every a«e destroyed nationality
and made It harder for man to be free. But
the resentment aroused by the outrage in Ha
vana harbor precipitated an already threaten
ed war.
£*till it was expressly promulgated that em
pire was not sought and that, unlike the Philip
pines, Cuba 6hould be free. If the Democratic
party wins the American republic will keep Its
pledges. If It fait to win, the grasping dis
position c>t our opponents will bring about that
extension of the so-called sphere of Influence
which Is but the synonym, of conquest. Do not
misunderstand me— I will ever and to the death
liefeml my country and keep burning the spirit
of patriotism in very American heart, but I
would never merely because of her strength
ilonn a people or avow adhesion to a doctrine
repudiated at her birth. The grim visage of
carnage shall not threaten from Mount Vernon,
nor shall it be encountered in that spot sanctl
fieJ by those sacred memories which linger
where the portraits of the republic's most Illus
trious sons adorn the nation's capitol hall.
Liberty for All Men.
No lust of empire can attract where men
yield obedience to rectitude, and no govern
ment of the people or for the people or by the
people can last under the shadow of a denial
of that liberty which fundamentally appertains
to all men. In every civilized community
courts deal— or claim to deal— fairly with liti
gants. The pandects of Justinian declare it es
sential that all should live honestly, take from
no man his due and give to every man that
which belongs to him. Do we, .the citizens of
these republic of republics, around whose
Fourth of July festivities cluster the stories
and lessons of that "devotion to duty which
the pelf-FacrineinK patriot evinces and Incul
cated, deny those anciently expressed rules of
equity which Justice Story declared to be
basic?
How idle and even absurd It would have been
a very rhort time ago to have spoken save by
way of illustration of this plain truth, then
and now, I trust, a part of familiar learning
of all Americans. Yet, because there may be
ground of complaint, more or less serious, some
now assert that we must destroy a nation be
cause of the crimes of some of those within Its
borders. We propose to treat the annihilation
of a government and the keeping of a people In
subjugation as a commercial enterprise, the
validity of which resta on policy and the pol
icy of which depends upon whether there is
ur not money in it. We are In favor of ex
pansion by the absorption of the unwilling, of
the extension of empire at the cannon's mouth,
that we may better afford to preach on the
Fourth of July that men were born free and in
dependent.
Throughout the ages past men have advo
cated laws bearing upon all classes with equal
ity and have plonted out the dangers of a lim
itation which must in the end be the bulwark
behind which injustice must seek refuge. Let
me 1 mores* upon you ,to the best of my abil
ity the r>erlls of such restriction. Do not, I
earnestly' urge you. descend to that level where
are to be found the ashes of those who ac
cepted the theory that the equality affirmed
In the constitution depended upon the discre
tion of power. Do not forget that the Declar
ation of Independence declared:
Words of the Fat
"We hold these truths to be self evident;
that all men are created equal; that they are
endowed by their Creator with certain inalien
able rights; that among these are life, liberty
and the pursuit of happiness; that, to secure
these rights governments are Instituted among
men. deriving their just powers from the con
sent of the governed. That whenever any form
of government becomes destructive of these
ends It is the right of the people to alter or to
abolish it and to Institute a new government,
laying its foundation on such principles and
organizing Its rowera In such form as to them
shall seem most likely to effect their safety
and happiness."
Are we prepared to deny that the views
adopted and practiced by the Republican party
tend to negative these announcements and to
reduce our condition to that threatened by the
very nation from which we severed ourselves?
Shall we retreat? Shall we abandon the doc
trines which we have announced and shall we,
while the light of Independence day discloses
the hope of suffering humanity, announce a
new departure and hold that It Is a self-evident
truth that men, whether under monarchic or
republican rule, cannot resist the temptations
of success?
The pretense that extension of domain tends
to Improve humanity has been made by every
person and every empire seeking to prevent hu
man freedom. Let us not retrograde. Our as
pirations should be In the dirt-ctlon of greater
knowledge, greater patriotism, greater free
dom, greater development — not that develop
ment which Is accomplished by the destruction
of men or by the immolation of legitimate de
sire, but that development which Is chronicled
in the history of every people who have ele
vated themselves.
The Democratic party peeks to promote the
advantage of all and to raise all to high In
telligence, manly exertion and fruitful effort.
Until very recently no one could have said,
v.ith even the semblance of truth, that the
appearance of the Star-spangled Banner meant
auKht but emancipation.
Must Defend the Flag.
How dreadful is it to contemplate the prosti
tution of that flag amid the banners of other
nations dominated by kings and ruled other
wise than by reason!
I have paid this much to indicate the views
that I hold upon international matters. I de
elre to afci'n Impress upon you my belief that
we must defend our flag and protect it and die
by it whenever it is essential to Its support,
but when we depart from the primal object
which suggested that standard and ally our
selves with the destructive elements of the
earth we are not bo placed as to justify an
appeal to the virtuous, the intelligent or the
enlightened. So much for our international
policy.
JLlncoln's Precepts Forgotten.
The Democratic party has heretofore de
clared In favor of bimetallism— the nation has
heretofore declared— yet the same, elements
now embarking In a scheme of murderous ac
quiKltlon Invite us to shrink the volume of our
money in order that the slavery which they
i-fek to impose abroad shall also be a domestic
heritage. It Is singular that such a theory
*hould emanate from a party which, headed
by Abraham Lrfncoln. struck the shackles from
the limbs of the American negro. Yet euch haa
beon the change; such is the fact.
How can you. who followed the Republican
party when It strove to make freedom more
general, how can you Justify your present
course in seeking to impose upon other races
a burden which you declared to be criminal,
and which in pursuance of your claim plunged
this country into a bloody struggle, resulting In
an amendment of the organic law inhibiting
slavery within the Union? Consistency doen
not always prevail either in nations or among
individuals, but default in this regard. In bo far
as this republic is concerned, means absolute
.downfall. Further, the Republican party en
deavors to bribe certain great Interest* In this
our commonwealth by Imposing taxes, not for
revenue, but for the purpose of augmenting the
money chests of those who do not need assist
ance, but who are thus to be constituted a
patrician class. Can we not In pensive mo
ments 1 remember that this should be a Govern
ment of the people? Do not fall to remember
that in his farewell address the Father of His
Country eald:
"The name of America, which belongs to
you In your national capacity, must always
txalt the just pride of patriotism more than
any appjllatlon derived from local discrimina
tions."
And reflect, too, that the same great states
man wrote:
'What is of inestimable value, they must de
rive from union, an exemption from those
trolls and wars between themselves which so
frequently afflict neighboring countries not tied
together by the same Government, which their
own rivalships alone would be sufficient to
produce, but which opposite foreign alliances,
attachments and Intrigues would stimulate and
embitter. Hence. Ilkewlne. they will avoid the
necessity of those overgrown military estab
lishments which under any form of govern
ment are inauspicious to liberty, and which
are to be re^nrded as particularly hostile to
republican liberty; in this sense it Is that your
union ought to be considered as the main prop
cf your liberty, and that the love of the one
oucht to endear to you the preservation of the
other."
Can any one question what the views of
George Washington would be were his manly
spirit permitted to again advise those for whose
advancement he contended?
Virtues of Bryan.
I will not detain you further. You under
stand the trend of my remarks. While I am
pleading to you as Democrats. I nevertheless
speak to all. They are not recondite: they are
matters of familiar learning. There is nothing
new In what I have said. The allurlnc prom
ipes of power, the magnetic preferments of
wealth, have ruined men and women and have
destroyed empires; and it Is well for us to pon
der—not rnce, but dally— upon the danger which
confronts us. Whether It is practicable for an
educated. Intelligent and manly race to be free
and at the same time just will be solved by
the American people. True, this election will
not be determinative, but it will afford an ar
gument most instructive— an argument which
the advocates of decency. If defeated, will find
it difficult to meet.
And it Is for this reason that I believe the
election of William Jennings Bryan is of primal
importance. While Mr. Bryan is an honest, an
able, indeed, an extraordinary man. and la.
too. I nm glad to say, my personal friend,
nevertheless these considerations are compara-
Bruan Gratified fcu the Adoption
or the Platform and Declares
It Is Explicit on Eyeru
Question.
LIXCOL.N. July 5.— News of the nomi
nation of "William Jennings Bryan for
President did not arouse the tumult of
enthusiasm to-night that it did four years
ago, when the convention at Chicago sim
ilarly honored him. His selection to-day
as his party's standard bearer had been
so long forecasted that anything short of
a unanimous call would have been a sur
prise.
There was no marked demonstration at
the Bryan residence. Near-by neighbors
carae N in to extend congratulations and
others called up the nominee by tele
phone. Late to-night Mr. Bryan repeated
what he has said so many times before—
that he was unable to say whether or not
he would go to Kansas City.
When asked for a- statement after his
nomination, Mr. Bryan gave out the fol
lowing:
"I am very much gratified to learn of
the adoption of a platform which is clear
and explicit on every' question. The con
troversy over the silver plank was not a
controversy between men who differed in
principle, but rather a difference of opin
ion as to the best method of stating the
question. If we only had Democrats to
deal with, a simple reafflrmation would
have been sufficient, but we have to deal
with the Republicans as well as the Dem
ocrats, and some of the Republicans
would misconstrue our purpose and en
deavor to twist it Into evasion or aban
donment of the silver question.
"Our appeal is to the patriotism and
conscience of the people and we must take
them Into our confidence If we expect
them to have confidence in us. Our plat
form deal3 honestly and fearlessly with
every question before the public and since
we have nothing to explain we can spend
all our time in assaults upon Republican
policies. The Industrial trusts have
alarmed many who were not with us in
our fight against the money trust in 1S96.
We shall not disappoint them; we shall
not cease our efforts until every private
monopoly is destroyed.
"Imperialism appeals to many as the
most dangerous of the evils now menac
ing tjur country- It involves not only a
change in our ideas of government but
a return to the militarism of the Old
World. No matter how many may differ
as to the relative importance of the ques
tion now before the country, every one
must recognize that an economic evil can
be corrected more oasily than one which
attacks the foundations of government.
If we adhere to the principle that gov
ernment Is a thing made by the people
for themselves the people can in time rem
edy every wrong; but if that doctrine is
once surrendered the people are powerless
to redress any grievances. The six and a
half millions who supported the Chicago
platform in 1S00 stand like a solid wall
against the trusts and against imperial
ism. If 10 per cent of those who by voting
the Republican ticket brought the pres
ent dangers upon the country will join
with us this nation will once more be
come the champion of liberty and an in
spiration to the oppressed everywhere."
OPPOSES CIVIL SERVICE.
California League Sends a Message
to the Convention.
The following message has t>een sent to
the Democratic National Convention:
To the Delegates to the National Democratic
Convention, in Session at Kansas City, Mo.:
The Anti-Civil Service League of California
begs to remind the delegates comprising the
nominating convention of the Democratic party
that there Is expected of them a plain and un
equivocal declaration tn the platform adopted
at Kansas City in line with the action of the
Chicago convention and platform In ref
erence to the so-called civil "service
system in Kederal offices. Thousands of
citizens In and out of the great parties
are awake to the necessity of some definite ac
tion in this matter. If they are to be brought
out to the polls on election day. The Anti-
Civil Service League is organized to solidify
and concentrate the opposition to this un-
American system of life tenure In public of
fice for Cleveland's appointees— a system de
rived from King George of England, and one of
the wrongs that actuated our forefathers In
throwing oft the hated yoke of tyranny. Make
opposition to the system a port of your "de
claration of Independence."
A large number of veterans who are mem
bers of this league who have been unjustly re
moved to make room for Cleveland's civil
service proteges Join up in this message and
ask you to Insert the plank mentioned If you
desire the support of the thousands who are
opposed to the civil service nham. The Ameri
can people will never submit to dictation from
80,000 officeholders who are to hold until old
age retires them and then to be the recipients
of Government bounty in the form of pensions
for superannuated officials.
In conclusion we desire to say that tht fore
going Is presented in good faith and we hope
It will receive the consideration and respectful
attention its merits warrant.
The AntUClvIl Service League of California.
J. MeCOY, Assistant Secretary.
spoke through L. H. Bohmrich. c^ r '"
Slater of the District of Clumbia spoke for
a minute.
1 Hawaii's Voice Is Heard.
A ringing cheer followed the call of
"Hawaii," and as Prince David of that
delegation arose from hi3 seat, the con
vention demanded that he take the plat
form, whiuh lie did amid great applause.
"Gentlemen of the convention, ne saia,
"the delegates of Hawaii have come four
thousand miles to attend this convention.
A loud cheer greeted this announcement
and it was multiplied tenfold when ne
a<^'^\nd last night Hawaii cast the winning
\-ote for 16 to 1 in the committee meeting.
We came here to nominate that greatest
of Americans, towering head and shoul
ders over all his countrymen: the man
who is brave enough to stand up accord
ing to his own principles. That man,
gentlemen. Is the man we nominate.
And, gentlemen, if we were only 'a State
we would do more for that peerless man —
William Jennings Bryan."
Mrs. Cohen of. Utah came next and was
received with terrific applause. She spoke
for not over a half minute, and so fa-int|y
that her voice cold scarcely be heard, fane
seconded the nomination of Mr. Bryan In
behalf of Utah. j, .*
Mrs. Cohen's speech concluding the
nominating speeches the secretary began
to call the roll of States on the ballot for
the Presidential nomination.
As the rollcall proceeded the shouts of
approval of the unanimity of the vote
seemed to increase. All the large States
ware cheered heartily as one after an
other they cast their votes for Mr. Bryan.
The announcement by Chairman Rich
ardson that Mr. Bryan had been nomi
nated for President of the United States
unanimously was received with great ap
plause, but it did not compare with pre
vious demonstrations during the day. The
huge flag suspended from the roof which
had played its part earlier in the session
was again lowered, the band played and
the people cheered. Standing on their
seats some of the delegates waved flags
or standards, but the enthusiasm did not
run at high tide.
The convention adjourned until 10:30 to
morrow morning.
AGAINST THE TRUSTS
AND IMPERIALISM
cracker exploded In the hands of Fred
Opp. the seven-year-old son of George
Opp. to-day, injuring him fatally. His
hand was mangled, a hole was torn in Tils
left breast and his eye was blown out.
Sporting Resort Burned.
SAN JOSE, July 5.-"The Cottage, a
famous sportlnp resort In the foothills
between Saratoga and Los Gatos. was de
stroyed by flre early this morning, re
sulting from fireworks. The place was
well known to San Francisco sporting
men There was $1500 insurance, but the
loss will probably be three times that.
The place was owned by J. ZlieloMtcn or
San Francisco.
To Aid the Starving.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 5.— Cypress
Epworth League of the Methodist Epis
copal Church of this city has Just for
warded $51 to the fund for aiding the
famine sufferers of India, the amount be
ing raised at a "mercy and help social
recently given here.
DAVID B. HILL DECLARES FOR DEMOCRATIC UNITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900;
Sentenced by tjie Assize Court to Be
Confined In a Reformatory Until
He Becomes of Age.
BRUSSELS, July 5.— The Assize court
to-day returned st verdict of guilty of at
tempt.to kill the Prince of Wales against
Jean Baptiste Sipido, who fired at the
Prince In this city on April 4. The court
considered that Sipido acted without dis
cernment and sentenced him to a reform
atory until he shall have attained his* ma
jority.
Meert, Penchot and Meire, the instigat
ors of the attack upon the Prince, were
acquitted on the ground that they consid
ered the plot a Joke^
Motorman Censured.
LOB "ANGELES, July 5.— The Coroner
this morning held an Inquest on the body
of Arthur E. Harrington, the wheelman
In yesterday's Santa Monica road race
who was killed by being struck by • an
electric car." The jury found that the ac
cident was due to. either carelessness or
lack of Judgment on the part of Motor
man Myers.
Injured by a Firecracker.
SANTA ANA, July 8.-A dynamite
PRINCE OF WALES'
/ASSAILANT CONVICTED
.ers.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VACATIOF"
SHOES
MONEY-SAVING
PRICES.:.:.:.
FOR THIS WEEK.
LADIES' TAN LACE AND BUTTON
SHOES, mostly narrow toes and
widths $1.13
LADIES' KANGAROO AND CALF
(Lainl. Schober A Co.) SHOE3 «.%
LADIES' TAN GOLF SHOES fa.r>O
LADIES 1 FRENCH KID (Herbert)
SHOES-What are left .25
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS. LXV heel .05
MEN'S TAN HAND-WELT LACE
SHOE, pointed toes, narrow widths:
Blzes 9. 10, 11 91.00
MEN'S CALF BUTTON AND CON-
GRESS, full plain toe, small tises. nar-
row widths .73
CHILDREN'S PATENT LEATHER and
KID SHOES, odd lot .25 I
Most all of above small ilzes.
NO MAIL ORDERS FILLED.
We will not exchange or return money on
th"»?e goods.
See prices In windows and bargain counter.
We also have full lines of new
Summer Footwear. Popular prices.
830-832-834 MARK tT ST., S. F.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
NO PLATES (ggn
jgH* REQUIRED JpW
Oar removable bridge work Is beautiful and
durable. Warranted 10 years.
>jgSV^ Our $500 Plates
K^: r ;s|£rS§^^»ay palrjless extracting
WsmfMi^rtqi)) iAed Pa by° n e o other
U_jL> jWwH^ dentist 00 tb« Pa*
PRICE LIST lor 20 Days:
Painleta Extraction 23c
Removable Bridge work Ki.OO
Crown* S2.OO to *.-..«»o
Pure Gold Filling* *1.00
Amalgam 5<><*
Gold and Platlna fl.OO
Silver Filling &Oo
Mn. Dr. R. L. Walsh will attend to the
children's teeth — painlessly.
DR. R. L. V/l/MLSH.
81514 GEART ST., between Hyde and Larktn.
Office Hours— 8 a. rn. to 5 p. m.; Sundays,
t to 11 Telephone Polk 1135.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
Travelers from every portion of the
globe show their appreciation of the
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
tn these hotels by making- them their
headquarters when visiting San
Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway
and operated under one manage-
ment on the American and European
plane.
DR. MEYERS & CO. j
"Diseases and Weakness of Men. !
', Largest Medical Institute and Most Extensive!!
1 Practice. Consultation Fres. <
\ 731 MARKET STREET. SAN FRANCISCO J
1 Home Cures. Etalei Private Book, Free. .
t.I will jruarantee
that my Khf umatiain
Cure will reliere lum-
. bago. sciatica and all
I rheumatic pains in
¦ two or three hours,
and cure in a few
MUNTON.
At all drnstfsts,
I 2oc. a viaj. Guide
to Health and medi-
cal advice free. -
1505 Arch st.. Phila.
STt *>> T]|i Ti 1> TIli ~% % < > ij> ejfc efr fr
visit OR JORDAN'S skat*
tBUSEUB OF aNATOim
A lT wIJ5d. U w«kn natpmieal M »'eun> in the \
7 iCffSa di«»« J-.?.!^, **¦?" " iT) » contracted A
£ tW*kk Bft:JORD *^-PRIVATEOISEASES I
f Iff I d^^'^i
\gy TlTf ™-" st «*"••'» *»«yca»e undertaken. T
Prf }# atniT^l- ?BaO!il)l ' B *" 4
h Ii /!< »»lu»blo book for nJnJ °" A \
ji/i "PATENTS ¦
- AMUSEMENTS.
e at r eTHT
THIS 'WEEK ONLY
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
Supported bT WHITE WHITTLESET.
Costly Scenic and Costume Production.
CARMEN
SEATS SIX DATS IN ADVANCE.
NEXT WEEK- FLORENCE ROBEKTS-»"CA-
MILLE."
SAN FRANCISCO NEVER SAW A BETTER
BILL.
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
Assisted by MISS EVA RANDOLPH.
Quaker City Quai tette.
THE FOUR COHANS
TODD JUDGE FAMILY. GILBERT AND
GOLDIE. CARRINT.TOX. HOLLAND AND
OALPKN. MUSICAL DALE.
Reserved seats, I5c: balcony. 10c: cnlMren.
10c, any part.
Matinee* Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
...16 TO 1...
TH\T YOU NEVER LAUGHED SO MUCH
AS YOU WILL LAUGH AT
iylHDAYAlAMHT
Presented by
Ounne & Rvlev's ALL-STAR CAST
And To-nlsM. Te-morrow Afternoon an.! To-
morrow Night Will be th* FINAL of This
Funny Play.
Sunday Ntsht. Hoyf satire on woman suff-
rage "A. CONTENTED WOMAN." NOIUIA
WHALLEY in the title role^ ¦_
CROWDED HOUSES NIGHTLY
TELL OF THE WORTH OF
The Enormous Comic Opera Success.
Pronounced by Press and Public as GREATER
Tban •'The Idol's Eye."
Erenlncs at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPtTLAR PRICES— Ec and 50c.
TELEPHONE HUSH 9.
THIS WEEK EVERY NIGHT (Except Sun.).
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CHARLES FKOHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY
In the New York Lyceum Theater Success. THE
TREE OF KNOWLEDGE!
A Powerful Play by R. C. Carton.
Presented by a GREAT CAST.
NEXT WEEK-HENRY MILLER and Special
Company In the Com<?<iy of Manners".
"A UAR1IA6E TF CONVENIENCE!"
Adapted From the French by Sydney Grundy.
SEATS NOW READY.
PHONE MAIN 532.
Walter Morosco Mir.aj«r
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Immense Success of the
NEW FRAWLiiY COMPANY
LAST THREE NIGHTS OP
CHILDREN
OFTHEJ3HETTO
Next Monday— "THE DANCING GTRI*,'*
Prices— 73c, 50c, 23c. 13c. Matinee — 60c, 25c.
lac, 10c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
CHUTES ANL^ZOO.^E^r
CANNON, THIS FAT MAN.
The CelebraiecTWilson Family.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, CAKEWALK.
Order Seata by Phone. Park 23.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riOV/ntn O Admission lOc.
ERMA WINO. I3ABELLE UNDERWOOD
and SIO. ABRAMOFF In Seen* From "RO-
MEO AND JULIET"; NORMAN PHILLIPS.
D'ESTELLE SISTER3. LITTLE MELVILLE
COAKLEY and EDISON' a PROJECTOSCOPB
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHT3.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathln* From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c;. CHILDREN. 5c
Bathing Including Admission, 25c: Children 20e.
DR WONG WOO, £^
Chinese Tea and Herb Sanl- I •
tartum. T64-7CS Clay st.. San bC J
Francisco. CaL All diseases cured FL, 7
exclusively by Chinese herbs. \fc?-4."
Advice free. Hours. 9 to 11 a. Js*<WtfV
m.. 1 to 3. 7 to 9 p. m. tS^^^PW
San Francisco. January I. 1900. %^S4?F!vl!lv
I had a very serious attack of *0W>*li*M'"
consumption and my feet were so swollen that
It was with difficulty I could walk. The doctor*
in the hospitals could not k' v & me any relief
for n'rie weeks. I was persuaded to ko to th»
well-known Chinese Doctor. Wong Woo. and
In three months I was completely cured and In
perfect health, having gained 25 pounds la
¦weight. I have much pleasure In recommend-
ing him to any one suffering In any way what-
ever. JAKOB RAUCH. 13H Freelon »t.. city.
REYNOLD'S
dc con nil oij Dy
Gout or Rheumatism, If on the first approach
oi the paroxysm they have recourse to this rea-
edy : then, a single do»e Is often sufficient.
%. FOl'CEB.% A CO.. 'JO.ao \. William M..V.Y.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ib A UP.fc.AT ilwlt -All VIS. LN V luUK-k
tor and Nervine. ««-k-
The meat wonderful aphrodlnUe and Smc1*i
Tcnlo for th* Sexual Organ* for both •?££
Th. Mexico R«medy for DLeaae? of tn* Kid-
«* «Mm iu. n. ».— <S«nd for OrtuUr.j
L>nU OllLiO •«. bootblack*, hath.
boute». billiard table*.
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers. cannerZ
«y«r». flourmllla. foundries, laundries. pa J r .
tanners, printers, painter*. sho» factori*^ it*.
bleraen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
UUCrlAXVi BROS..
Brash Manufacturer* 6O0 Sacramanto St
WDf Call $1.00 jirTHrFINE NEW SCHOONER, WTT.T.TAM OI»SON.
In the Divorce Court:
J>na A. Underhill was granted a divorce
from W. Underhlll yesterday by Judge
Bahrs on the ground of willful neglect.
Suits for divorce have been filed by James
Lester Mayfield against- Lulu May May
fleld. for cruelty, and Michael J. Kelley
against Alvina H. Kelley. for Infidelity. -
Message of Gratitude.
J. E. BARNirTT, ColoaeL
A telegram was received at the Mayor's
office resterday frnm Colonel J. E Bar-
STcolfoS: Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment
-i ™~™£. h . ela E" Ma >-° r of 6an Francisco:
The membfTt o! the Tenth Pennsylvania In
reunion Unrd«y assembled exj,re«« to yo\l and
i^onally throuph you to the citizens of San
Jranrisco end adjacent communities their last"
I"* ?. Pi ,Tr ci V! On °L the ">m*V. honors and
S£ I! & srsszL"^. *™ ~ h »« "><*
Clarke Again Sues Baker.
A second suit was filed yesterday byfW.
H. Clarke, steward, against Charles i T.
Baker, quartermaster of the transport
Sumner. to recover $10,000 damages ]for
false Imprisonment. Clarke alleges that
Baker kept him imprisoned — where} he
does not state — for a period of eighteen
days, and fed him on bread and water,
excepting every thlrty-slx hours he wjmld
give him additional nourishment. $i a
suit filed Tuesday Clarke a^ked for 410.
000 damages for Injuries received ati the
bands of Baker and for false imprison
ment for a period of £orty-elsht houn.
Nothing Just as Good
AS ilALT-NUTRINE can be found in any dru(?
«ti7ra for th« purposes for which Malt-Xutrine
Is prepared. It is superior to all other tonics.
an<l no substitute should be accepted. Made by
AtiTieuwr-Buscb Brewing Ass'n, St. Louis, U.
6. A., and sold by all druRglBti.
Patrick Finnegan Dies Suddenly.
Patrick Finnegan, a miner, who came
from Modesto to this city a few day ago,
died suddenly at 3 o'clock yesterday after
noon In his room In the Clay Street
House. No. 36 Clay street. He complained
early In the morning of pains in the r«
gton of the heart, and Dr. McKenzle pre
scribed some powders for him. Mr. Fln
negan was S3 years old and rather feeble.
Luis Bracho, a Young 1 Student, Ar
rested on a Charge of Malicious
Mischief.
Luis Bracho. from the City of Mexico.
who Is a student at a private college at
Menlo Park, amused himself early yester
day morning bv scratching store window j
plate glass on the north sides of Market/
and Kearny street* with a diamond rtngi
which he wore on hia finger. Nineteen/
windows altogether were damaged bj^
him. Ho wps observed by Policeman
Beach and Special Officer Huated. wha
placed him under arrest on a charge at
malicious mischief. He wore nhree dlA
mond rings on his fingers and his only
excuse was that he was drunk and did
not realize what he was doing. j
The case was called in Judge Frlti's
court yesterdav morning and was crtn
tinued till to-day. When the Judge learned
the extent of the damage Bracho had
done he ordered that his ball be railed
from $10 to 1200, which was promptly j£t>
vided. »
HE SCRATCHED WINDOWS -
, WITH HIS SOLITAIRE
APPORTIONMENT MADE
OF EXCESS REVENUE
Expert Williams Prepares Figures
Showing That Five Funds Will
Be Enriched.
Kxpert Cyril Williams prepared figures
yesterday showing what disposition will
* Le made cf the excess revenue which will
result from the increase of $20,000,000 In
the personal property roll, which excess
is now plar-ed at J225.000. The apportion
ments are as follows;
O«ieral fund »,-. „„»
Hchool rund ... ii'-^n
Library rur.fj — %!?£*
i'«rk runo ::...::;v.:::": S"w5
-r--=n== :pp«S
Tot * J *. $232,400
Out of the general fund of J175.200 the
r -,r/« v , ax v s pa J d on bonds hel d to be
"CAWMable by the court will be repaid
whi;h X ?h yer f Th ,* amo «nt Is JC9.7S5. of
Jng Jlw.O-..) in the peneral fund.
Fish Men Want Shorter Hours.
The wholesale fish dealers, with the ex
ception of one, have all joined in the pe
tition to the Board of Supervisors for the
passage of an ordinance shortening the
hours of labor of those concerned in that
business. N. E. de Luca has written an
open letter on behalf of the dealers and
their employes, in which he says that .i.
Paladinl has protested against the ordi
nance without Just reasons therefor.
"After making certain statements, says
Mr. de Luca, "which are incorrect, and
without denying the grounds of our peti
tion, Mr. Paladini states that this is a
free country and that the hours of labor
should not be fixed, because every man
is permitted to open and close his place of
business as it may euit him. According
to Mr. Paladinl. a keeper of a dive on the
Barbary Coast has a right to object to an
ordinance closing all dives at a given hour
because it would injure his business. All
the fish dealerB and their employes de
mand an ordinance fixing the hours of
labor reasonably, with due regard to the
rights of employers and employes, to be
obeyed by all engaged in the fish business
and within the bounds of humanity."
Auditor Wells Decides That Payment
for Overtime Is Not Authorized
by Law.
Auditor "Wells informed Election Com
tnissior-er Jerrmiah Decsy yesterday that
clerks in the Registrars office must work
overtime and without extra compensation.
The charter is very plain en the matter.
The clerks in the registration office must
fo errance their duties that half the force
Fhall work evenings and the other half do
duty at nifrht, provided a rush of work
makfs *uch arrangement necessary
The Auditor has decided to audit the
claims of Thomas O'Kourke for shoeing
Fire Department horses. Eddie Greany
who formerly held the contract, had pro
-.r-sted apainst the payment of O'Uourke
but the Auditor's attorney Is of the opin
ion that the contract is In force until the
case is decided In the courts, and only an
injunction v.ill prevent O'Rourke from re
ceiving his money.
NO EXTRA COMPENSATION
FOR REGISTRATION CLERKS
Duty on Wood Alcohol.
O. L. Spaulding. Acting Secretary of the
Treasury, notified Customs Collector
Jackson yesterday that methyl or wood
alcohol is properly classifiable as an un
enumerated manufactured article assess
able with duty of 20 per cent ad valorem.
Her Brother and Sister Make Formal
Charges That She Was Unduly
Influenced.
Once again is the estate of the late John
Hunter to be the object of legal contro
versy. A contest of. the will of Mrs. Joan
N. G. Hunter, widow of John Hunter,
was filed yesterday by James Gowans, a
brother, and Catherine Gowans Deans, a
sister of the deceased.
John Hunter died several years ago,
leaving an estate valued at $1.2dO.uOJ. Eng
lish heirs forthwith filed a contest of his
will, which Mrs. Hunter defended. A
compromise was finally effected, how
ever, and Mrs. Hunter came Into peace
ful possession of property valued at over
a RecenUv°M? S ""Hunter died. In her will
she distributed her estate among various
relatives and also remembered relatives
of her deceased husband. Her brother
and her sister, however, were not satis
fied with the disposition she made of her
estate and have tiled a contest. They al
lege that Mrs. Hunter did not sign the
contested testament, neither did she ac
knowledge the same before the witnesses
whose names appear thereon. If these
allegations are proved to have been un
founded, then the contestants will fall
back on the allegations that at the time
she signed the will Mrs. Hunter was of
un-ound mind, was under the undue In
fluence of divers persons who reside In
this city, and was actuated by fraudulent
misrepresentations made by these same
parties. A. Ruef appears as counsel for
the contestants.
CONTEST WILL OF THE
LATE JOAN N. G. HUNTER
Francis H. Pitman Arrested for Hav
ing His Hands 02 the Guiding
Bar.
Francis H. Pitman, secretary of the
Judson Powder Company, appeared In
Judge Fritz's court yesterday on a charge
tit violating a park ordinance. He was
arrested Wednesday near the Cyclers'
3t>-.<t by Park Policeman Burdett.
Burdett'fl testimony was that the de
fendant had ridden for about 200 yards
with his hand oft* the handle bar, and
wh^n he cautioned him Pitman objected
to being Interfered with, and asked why
lie was not arrested. Burdett thereupon
took him into custody.
Pitman testified that he had taken his
hands off the handle bar for a moment
\i> wipe the perspiration from his brow,
whe-n th* officer ppoke to him In a rude
ai.d boisterous manner, arid when he
RBked him to be a little more civil the
policeman prabbed him and placed him
under arrest.
The Judge dismissed the case, and PSt
rr.an f=:i:U he would prefer charges against
Burden.
CYCLERS MUST OBEY
THE PARK ORDINANCE
The only exciting incident of the meet-
Ing yesterday of the Board of Supervisors,
sitting as a Board of Equalization, oc
curred when C. G. Hooker, a capitalist of
917 Bush street, accused Assessor Dodge,
who was present In an advisory capacity,
of having appropriated a private paper
on which to base Hooker's assessment.
Hooker was cited some time ago by Dodge
and testified to his personal belongings.
He inadvertently left a memorandum of
certain bonds valued at $130,000 owned by
him on the Assessor's desk, and that offi
cial took advantage of the captured evi
dence to arbitrarily assess at $56,000 bonds
of the Southern Pacific Company of Ari
zona, the other bonds being unassessable.
Dodge also assessed Hooker for $8800,
moneys in bank, and the last named ap
plied for the elimination of the two items
from the assessment roll. He asked that
his assessment be reduced from $70,220 to
$5420.
"The Assessor had no right," said
Hooker, "to assess me on a private mem
orandum showing what bonds I owned
one year ago. He also tore the date off,
and I pay he is 'not an honest man. I
did own the bonds a year ago, but that
is no reason why I should be assessed
for them now. Dodge refused to give the
paper back to me, though I repeatedly
requested him to do so."
Dodge replied in his own defense that
it was the Assessor's duty to assess prop
erty on whatever evidence he could dis
cover, and that he had the power, under
the law, to assess property that had been
concealed at ten times Us value.
The board decided that the assessment
on the bonds Ehould stand at $56,000, since
C. (r. Hooker Objects to a
Valuation Made in a
Peculiar Way.
SAYS ASSESSOR
APPROPRIATED A
PRIVATE PAPER
The handsome new schooner William
Olson, built by Hay & Wright, was the
center of attraction on the water front
yesterday as she. lay alongside Mission
street wharf. Decked with bunting she
was the most admired vessel In the bay.
The William Olson has been built for the
Mexican trade and—her advent notes the
growth of the trade between Callfornian
and Mexican ports. In 18S0 Captain
William Olson went Into this trade with
the schooner John N. Ingalls. After he
sold the Ingalls he secured the Czar then
the General Banning, then the Lena
Sweasey, and last of all the William
Olson. In speaking of her yesterday Cap
tain Olson said: "She is the best vessel
that has ever come out of Hay & Wright's
yard and she will prove a great advertise
ment for California in Mexican ports."
The Olson is now ready for sea and be
fore she started on her maiden voyage
Captain Olson, Captain P. Hutman, the
master of the new schooner, and the other
owners decided to give a reception on
board. The cabin and officers' quarters
were decked with flowers, while from the
after hatch to the taffrall there was one
large room Inclosed In canvas and covered
with flags and flowers. Dozens of friends
of the owners and skipper appeared in
answer to the Invitations and In conse
quence there was a constant succession
of visitors during the afternoon. Among
those who visited the vessel were F
Schlott, "W. Park, F. Parks, W. H. Cur
rier, F. Talbot, C. D. Bunker, H. Master
son, N. Hickman, A. Hay, D. James B A
Tietjen, E. B. Wright, P. Kellogg and A*
Heilbronner. Nearly all these gentlemen
were accompanied by their wives and a
most enjoyable time was spent aboard
The William Olson. Is 162 feet long 37
feet beam and VI feet 6 inches deep. She
Is about the fifteenth vessel turned out
from the Alameda Point shipyards dur
ing the past three years. Among the
others are the steamers Charles Nelson
and Kalulani and the schooners Honoinu
Robert R. Hind, John D. Tallant. Expan
sion, Filipino and Luzon. The William
Olson was to have gone at once Into the
Mexican trade, but owing to the hurricane
season she will first make one trip to Hon
olulu for a load of sugar.
Aftermath of the Fourth.
Thomas O'Brien wound up a Fourth of
July jag by Jumping off Mission-street
wharf. He was fished out by Officer
Clifford and attended to by Dr Bauer at
the Harbor Hospital.
J. F. Gllmore, an employe of the Cali
fornia Street Railway Company, may lose
his life through his carelessness. A
Fourth of July cannon exploded in his
hands and the charge lodged in one palm
This was several days ago, and he paid
no attention to the wound. Yesterday he
got scared and went to the Harbor Hos
pital. Dr. Dray told him that mortifica
tion had already set in, and advised him
to have the wound opened up.
Assistant Superintendent F. D. Griffin
of the postal service got a great scare on
the Fourth. He was sitting in his ofnee
In the ferry depot, when a 44-callber bul
let came through the window. The shat
tered glass cut a few gashes In his head
but otherwise Mr. Griffin is ah right and
ready for work.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The usual meeting of the Harbor Com
mission was held yesterday, .x Folsom
street wharf was set apart for the trans
port service at a montnly rental of $1500
The City Street Improvement Company
has finished 93 per cent of the new wharf
at Howard 3, and the board ordered a
payment of $5197 32 made to it.
H« Fell Three Stories,
Water Front Notes.
William Daniel had a narrow escape
from Instant death on the corner of Pa
cific and Kearny streets yesterday. He
was fixing a fire escape on a bulldlnp
there, when he lost his balance and fell
three stories to the pavement. At the
Harbor Hospital Drs. Dray and Ironcs
found that he had a possible fracture of
the skull, concussion of the brain, a lac
erated wound of the scalp and pos3lbie in
ternal injuries. -: i W&8Bti&SSBtog3BSmm
Prank Bragg, the popular secretary of
the Marine Engineers' Association, will
spend his vacation in Monterey County.
He will be accompanied by his wife and
family.
George' H. S. Dryden, assistant chief
wharfinger, started on a . Journey to the
Sound yesterday. Mr. I>ryden Is accom
panied by hla wife and son.
New Four-Masted Schooner
William Olson Put in
Commission.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
they had been issued by a corporation
foreign to this State. The only satisfac
tion Hooker received was the striking off
of the assessment of JSSOO on money in
bank.
• The board heard a number of other ap
plications for reductions and cancella
tions of arbitrary assessments. After the
property owners had explained their rea
sons for desiring the reduction the As
sessor made his recommendations and the
board took favorable or unfavorable ac
tion.
C. A. Warren objected to being assess
ed for $15,000 solvent credits. Dodge
claimed that the Fair Estate had sworn
to owing Warron the sum of $15,000, which
had been deducted from the estate's as
sessment. Warren testified that he had
received" two payments from the 'estate
of $9706 50 and $9009, which he had imme
diately paid over to other firms. W T arren
claimed that he does a cash business,
and when he succeeded the firm of War
ren & Malley he did so without any lia
bilities. The clerk was ordered to notify
the agent of the Fair Estate to be present
to testify as to when the money was paid
and Warren was also cited to appear.
The following reductions were allowed:
Adolph Marks, real estate— from $r,970 to S5R3O.
Fred C. Peters, Improvements— $7500 to $3500.
Justinian Caire Co., Improvements on Market
street, near Second— J6JC0 to $1650.
Jeremiah Daly, Improvements and real es
tate— $1700 to $1400.
John F. Sullivan, Improvements— $600 to $400.
M: A. Cachot, real estate— $5000 to $4000.
The applications for reductions made by
the following named were denied: E.
Vatuone, G. Podesta, Kmile Woenne,
Charles Fleischer, John J. Cunningham,
Betsy Silverstone, James Daly, James H.
Robertson and Robert Ward.
The clerical errors in the personal prop
erty assessments of Morris Mendel, P.
Mendel arid Casper Fitch were ordered
canceled. The board adjourned to meet
on Tuesday afternoon at 1:30 o'clock,
when further applications will be heard.
More Hospital Internes.
Drs. R. M. Dodsworth, W. M. Bruce and
B. F. "Williams have been selected by the
College of Physicians and Surgeons as its
Internes for the coming year at the City
and County Hospital. Dr. Frank Krull
haa been named as an interne by Cooper
College. The young men were put through
a non-competitive examination by the
Board of Health yesterday.
ASS (BUBONIC) IN A LOOKING GLASS.
Mr. Edelman's back was turned to Mayor Phelan, and the latter took advantage of this fact to make some facial grimaces;
and to raise both hands to his ears and shake them in the manner that is employed by some in seeking to cast ridicule upon
a Jewish person. But Mayor Phelan was unaware that his movements were reflected in a mirror, and Delegate Edel
man suddenly wheeled around and confronted his tormentor. The Mayor was abashed, whereat some of those In the room
laughed outright. They were plainly in sympathy with Mr. Edelman. The latter did not care to make a scene in com
mittee, so he turned his back to the Mayor again and said contemptuously:
"I was addressing the chairman, a polite and honorable gentleman, and one too high-minded to take advantage of any '
one when his back is turned."— From a Kansas City special dispatch to The Call.
Ask That Administrator of Their
Father's Estate Be Dis
charged.
Alice R. L. and Adelheid M. F. Smadek
have petitioned the Superior Court to re
voke and set aside the last account filed
by John J. Smadeke, administrator of the
estate of their late father, William Sma
deke, on the ground that a charge of J2S23
made by the administrator for the main
tenance and support of the young ladi«s
named was excessive and improper. Mis.-
Alice Smadeke, who has Just attained her
majority, also asks that she be granted
letters of administration upon the estate
of her deceased parent and that those held
by John J. Smadeke be revoked.
In an affidavit accompanying the peti
tion to set aside and revoke the last ac
count of the administrator the deponents
set forth in detail their troubles since the
death of their parent three years ago.
After the death of their father, they al
lege, they went to live with John J. Sma
deke, but on the death of his wife they
went to live under the care of Mrs. Holtz,
the administrator's sister, at 3306 Twenty
first street. At no time were they given
expensive clothing, they say. and were
furnished with only the necessaries of life.
Finally Alice was taken out of school to
learn housework and for two years last
past they have done half the housework
for a family of eix, scrubbed floors and
washed windows. Recently, they continue,
they were locked out of the house as a
punishment for returning to their home
five minutes late, and they assert that .f
it had not been for the neighbors, who
took them in and cared for them, they
would have been forced to walk the
streets all night.
Continuing, they claim that John J.
Smadeke has money which is now the
property of Alice, she having attained her
majority, but he refuses to give it up.
Hence they pray that he be cited to ap
pear and show cause why the prayer of
the petitioners should not be granted.
SMADEKE'S DAUGHTERS
CARRY WOES TO COURT
removed a small tumor from the neck of
a patient without pain. Two years later
(1S44> Dr. Horace Wells used nitrous oxide
gas for the painless extraction of teeth.
Some time in the early sixties Nlemann
discovered the local anaesthetic called
cocaine, which, however, belongs ra.ther
to the surgical than the medical branch
of general medicine.
Tne middle of the century is notable
for the renaissance of the microscope and
for the indefatigable labor of scientists,
many of whom were not doctors, but who
?ousnt for ihe causes of disease, both in
animals and in man, and in the vegetable
world as well.
These men were purely scientists and
were devoted to scientific study for
science's sake. Pasteur was the greatest
of them all. His career is so rtcent aa to
require but passing mention, as the one
who laid the foundation of bacteriology.
liy prolonged and must patient research
In the laboratory he demonstrated that
fermentation and putrefaction were
caused not by chemical changes, as had
been previously believed, but by the ac
tion of living organisms- of a low type.
Just about this time there occurred a
most notable discussion relative to the
question oi spontaneous generation, which
for some years (1S0O-1N7O) was participated
in by PftHtlan. Tynrtall. Burdon-Sunderson.
and Others, and which resulted in a com
plete victory for those who maintained the
tloctrine of "omr.e vivum ex ovo." On
the foundation thus laid Pasteur and his
colaborers, who were no less assiduous
than himself, reared the structure of the
modern germ theory of disease. \Vhilo
many of the details of this theory are
still sub judice, an<i while many of ita
deductions must, as at present presented,
be regarded aa illogical and premature,
there is no question but that microscopic
life is largely responsible for the compli
cations which accompany disease, if they
are not the sole cause thereof.
Very many diseases are now believed to
be caused wholly by bacteria or other
forms of microscopic life, and many dis
eases which were formerly believed to be
non-transmissible are now known to bo
contagious or infectious.
In Is65 tuberculosis was proven to be an
infectious disease. In this last year or
the century strenuous efforts are belr.sr
made to prove that a certain variety of
mosquitoes is responsible for what Is
knov.n as malaria. If these efforts are
successful and means can be devised to
exterminate this pest what a new bless
ing awaits mankind! But while much pa
tience must be exercised before the full
fruition of the germ theory can be gar
nered, already Its beneficence is seen In
many directions and especially In the field
of preventive medicine.
The history of modern sanitation l»
practically the history of bacteriology. Un
til the results of the laboratory wore
made manifest by clear demonstration the
sanitarian had no scientific foundation on
which to base his rules** The laboratory
with Its analytical methods bids fair to
eclipse all other changes which medicine
has undergone.
People now demand pure food and pnre>
drink. Until thp present decade such a
demand would have been deemed Utopian.
It Is now a well known fact that typhoid
fever Is spread by means of drinking
water and by milk Into which the germs
of tynhoid have been accidentally intro
duced.
It Is also known that other diseases are
disseminated throughout communities in
a similar way and epidemics can be and
are being controlled over which we wera
formerly powerless.
The present status of medicine In thl*
country as compared with that of 1S00 Is
perhaps best shown by the higher stand
ard of medical education which now ob
tains. Even twenty-five years ago no
American medical college required of Its
matriculants more than a rudimentary
education, and some of them did not In
sist on that. Attendance on two annual
courses of lectures of six months each
was enough to secure a diploma. The
teaching was almost wholly didactic. A
man 21 year3 old coul.l come fresh from
the farm or the workshop and In two
short years could become a full-fledged
"M.D."
Now the great majority of our colleges
have extended their courses of instruc
tion to four years and the teaching Is
mostly clinical instead of didactic. Many
colleges require preliminary study equiv
alent to high school graduation or a col
lege degree of A.B.. while the require
ments for graduation In medicine are
much more rigid than formerly. Besides
this, most of the States require a sneclal
examination by a board of examiners
who are Independent of the colleges be
fore a license to practice is granted to
graduates.
The medical college Itself Is a very dif
ferent Institution from what It was at tha
beginning of the century or even fifty
years later.
Now the college roust be small Indeed
and poorly equipped that Is not attached
to some hospital, and It must have withal
laboratories for the study of bacteriology,
microscopy, urinalysls and organic chem
istry. Such equipments were undreamed
of fifty years ago.
But have these discoveries and achieve
ments been of any positive benefit to man
kind?
Let facts— nndlsputable facts — answer
the question. In 1*00 the estimated dura
tion of human life was something less
than thirty years; to-day It la over forty
years. There are more centenarians living:
to-day than at any time during the Chris
tian era and this In spite of the fact that
we live at a much more rapid rate than
ever before and more real life Is crowded
Into each year and month and day than
ever before, in the world's history.
ROBT. N. TOOKER.
Chicago.
•Queen Victoria was the first lady of rank In
England to take chloroform In childbirth,
which she did when her fourth child" was born.
Her previous labor* had been tedious and pain*
ful In th» extreme. Her physician extraordi
nary wu Dr. Charles Locock— afterward Str
Charles Loooclc. He had used chloroform on
like occasions In his hospital work, but his ex
perience with It In private practice had been
limited. However, he promised the Queen a
painless tabor and fulfilled his promise* to th«
letter. 'WTien the Queen realized from what
sufTerln* she had been spared her gratitude was
frreat. and In testimony thereof she proposed to
rive the. doctor a title by way of recompense,
which she subsequently did.
When her intentions became knoxra Tarlona
newspapers began speculating; as to the title
she would bestow upon him and various suyjjes
ttons were made apropos. None, however, were
quite satisfactory to the public at large until
Punch. In turn, suggested that under the cir
cumstances the moat appropriate title which
sh<» could fflve him would b* that o£ "liortl D«-
Hver Us!"
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
At the beginning of this century there
were living in Europe two physicians
who were destined to revolutionize the
practice of medicine throughout the world
and for all time. These two men were
Edward Jenner, the discoverer of vacci
nation, and Samuel Hahnemann, the
founder of homeopathy.
To these men more than to any others
In the world's history are we indebted for
the rational and scientific attitude of
medicine to-day. Both of them met with
great opposition, amounting In one case
to persecution, but each lived to see his
Ideas and theories accepted by a multi
tude of followers, and both died at a
ripe old age. after leaving an impress on
the pages of medical history that is in
effaceable.
In lsuO the first vaccination In America,
after Jenner's method, was performed by
Dr. Waterhouse of Harvard College, upon
his own children. Some years previously
Jenner had published his discovery and
had described minutely the Investigations
and experiments which had led up to it.
In this same year, after patient waiting
and much detraction, he was received at
court by the King and Queen of England,
and shortly after was granted an honor
arium of £10,000 by act of Parliament,
which was subsequently increased to
£20,000.
Up to the time of Jenner's discovery
smallpox was and for centuries had been
the greatest scourge In the history or the
wcrld. it was more dreaded than cholera
ur the black death, for those of Its vic
tims that it did not kill it rendered un
sightly by its horrible markings.
To-aay the mortality from smallpox
throughout civilized nations is infinitesi
mal and its only victims are practlcally
those who obstinately refuse to be vac
cinated. Previous to this time the lives
of human beings were menaced not only
by smallpox, but quite as much so by the
lancet and the leech, the pills and the
powders of the regular physician.
For 2uO0 years bloodletting had been in
vogue, but at the beginning of the nine
teenth century it was carried to extremes
rever reached before. It was the custom
for persons to be bled twice a year,
whether sick or well— if well, to ward off
those humors which if retained in the
system might induce sickness.
The extent to which this practice was
carried is almost incredible. Men and
women were bled until they swooned, an J
after partial recuperation. If still sick or
weak, were bled again and again.
In order to obviate the 6lght of blood
without parting with the beneficent (?) in
fluences of depletion, a French physician
by the name of Broussais advocated the
use of leeches instead of the lancet and
organized a sort of leech trust. He is
said to have used 100.000 leeches In the
wards of his private hospital in a single
year, while his immediate follower, Boutl
laud, greatly surpassed. his teacher in the
excessive use of his favorite Instrument.
Bleeding went hand in hand with the
most excessive use of drugs, and It Is
difficult to say which treatment claimed
the most victims. The sick one could
choose between taking two or three
ounces of saltpeter per day or from forty
to sixty grains of gamboge at a dose, or
having from a pint to a quart of blood
removed from his veins. Simple pre
scriptions were seldom if ever made. The
polypharmacists were here, there and
everywhere. They apparently vied with
each other as to who could write the
longest prescriptions and give the largest
doses. Many of these prescriptions had
been handed down through the centuries
and the number of ingredients thereof
had suffered no depletion from. age. It
was no uncommon thing for a medicine to
contain from twenty to forty different
drugs, and often from forty to sixty.
This was the state of the medical art
no one as yet claimed that it was a
science— when Samuel Hahnemann at
tracted attention from the novelty and
revolutionary character of his doctrines.
In 1S00 Hahnemann was forty-eight
years old. For fifteen years previously he
had contended almost single-handed for
the abolition of bleeding and for the sub
stitution of drugs which had been tried
upon well persons and their effects and
tendencies definitely ascertained. He
maintained that every drug had a specific'
action, an individuality all its own, which
made it different from every other drug,
and that no one could foretell the effect
of twenty or fifty drugs compounded to
gether in one prescription. His successes
in certain districts and in certain diseases
had been marvelous and the friends of the
new system had steadily Increased. It was
ten years later (1810) before he published
to the world a complete account .of his
theories, experiments and deductions,
which he called the "Organon of Medi
cine." It Is little wonder that he made
many enemies and that their opposition
was Intensely bitter and unrelenting. He
had demonstrated that a single remedy. If
properly selected, could, even when given
In minute doses, cure diseases which
massive doses and heroic measures had
utterly failed to relieve.
The apothecaries, even more than the
doctors, were his bitter opponents, for
they saw quite clearly that if the people
accepted his doctrines their exchequers
would suffer. They compelled him to per
sonally prepare his own medicines and
then secured the passage s>t laws forbid
ding physicians to do so. These laws sore
ly embarrassed Hahnemann and compelled
him to change his residence several times.
He finally went to Paris and died there
after becoming famous the world over and
after accomplishing the greatest revolu
tion ever recorded In the annals of medi
cine.
However we may regard homeopathy
as a distinct school of medicine or depre
cate the fact that there should be more
than one school of medicine, future ages
must concede that Hahnemann more than
any other physician that ever lived placed
medicine on a rational bas*is. He abolished
practices and methods which had been in
vogue for hundreds and hundreds of years
—methods which are now looked back
upon with horror and disgust. He ban
ished the lancet. He was the first phy
sician to study intelligently the natural
history of disease. He gave an Impetus
to. if he did not originate, the systematic
study of the physiological action of drugs.
He compelled men to think and observe.
He assisted others to the discovery that
active medicines are never neutral forces
but forces which are ever potent for good
or for harm. He taught the value of
small doses and Insisted on accuracy in
prescribing them. He revolutionized
pharmaceutical methods. His simple rem
edies were so easily swallowed that all
other physicians were .compelled to exert
themselves to devise more elegant and
less distasteful preparations for admin
istration to the sick.
Many of Hahnemann's theories and
dicta are now regarded as fantastical and
are repudiated by the majority of his pro
fessed followers, but In the main It may
be said that no one else ever did so much
for rational therapeutics. Even his va
garies have been a lever of resistless
power in advancing scientific medicine and
bringing It to the exalted place it occu
pies to-day.
But these are not the only men who
have left an Imperishable Impress on the
pages of medical history during the nine
teenth century. - Only brief mention can
be made of a few others and their
achievements.
The obstetrical forceps was first invent
ed, or at least Its description was first
published, by one Peter Chamberlain in
1647, but until 1733 Its shape and form were
a family secret, and this boon to mother
hood did not come to the knowledge of
the general physician until long after 1S00
Its use was not yet taught In medicai
schools. Indeed, the. obstetrical forceps
has been an evolution, and its perfected
form does not date back over a quarter
of a century.
In obstetrical practice the next step
worthy of notice Is connected with the
disqpvery of chloroform. In 1831, but this
discovery" remained practicallv unutilized
until 1S47, when Simpson, the English sur
f;eon, used It with such success as to bring
t into general notice. It was some years
after this, however, before it began to
be used to mitigate »or abolish the pains
of labor, and while since then it has been
a veritable "grift of the gods" in surgical
practice It has nowhere been a greater
boon than where women have been In
travail.*
Eleven years later (184Z) r>r. Crawford
Long of Georgia administered ether and
COMPARATIVE STUDIES Of TV/VO CENTURIES.
ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF MEDICINE.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
The School Board's Dilatory
Methods Cause Two
to Lapse.
•
Will IZot Be Guided by the Recom
mendations of Examiners—Di
rectors Snub Public Im
provement I/eague.
»
The Board of Education demonstrated
yesterday that it would not be guided by
Jhc recommendation of the Board of Ex
aminers regarding the renewals of certifi
<¦ ..i< b. of teachers in the department, but
would take a woek to make investigations
of tte .credentials on its own account
The result of this will be that unless
teachers are prompt in replying to the
notices sent out by Secretary ECingsbury
thai their certificates will expire on a
certain date, the authorizations to teach,
will be likely to lapse because of the de-'
lay and a new examination will have to
be taken by the holders.
Superintendent Webster urged the board
to adopt the recommendations of the Ex
aminers that the certiiicates of Margaret
liailU?. Mrs. L. M. Iliddell and Mrs. Udiih
ii. Lyons vnee Crowley) be renewed. Di
rector Deninan, who had been delegated
tu investigate the credntials. said that
lie would insist on a week's time before
reporting to the board. Superintendent
"\\ ebster slated that the certiiicates of
two teacher! had lapsed because of the
board's procedure. JJeninan said if the
Kvwtniaem were so anxious to have the
certificates renewed they should pass on
them in time. Secretary Kingsbury said
iiiat they could not be acted upon until
the teacher* had presented their applica
tions.
JJvnmaa replied that it was the duty of
the secretary of the Board of Examiners
to look up the records and make his rec
ommendations when the ccrtiricates were
about to run out.
Mr. Kinghbury answered that the law
<hd not contemplate such a proceeding,
and that the fee of J2 had to be paid be
lore a certificate could be recommended.
"Well," retorted Denman, "it is noth
ing less than petty larceny to exact such
a fee for a renewal of an old certificate,
even though the State law provides for
it."
The recommendations of the Examiners
as to renewals of grammar grade certiii
< ates were then taken under advisement.
Miss Belle Van Vlack was granted one of
these and L. A. Jordan's high school cer
tificate was renewed.
Directors Denman and Casserly took ex
ceptlon to a communication sent by the
Public Improvement Central league. It
stated that the club had already written
to the board, asking if the press state
ment that class enrollment was to be in
creased from 45 to Ki pupils was true, but
that no answer had been received.
"From the papers," the letter said, "it
would seem that Director Denman regard
ed our communication as an insult. We
simply wanted to obtain infoimation."
Casserly moved that the league be no
tiiied to mind its own business, but Chair
man Mark ruled the motion out of order.
The salary demand presented by Prin
cipal E. C Kirkpatric-K of the Business
Evening School, who was dismissed from
his position, but who sued out a restrain
ing order, was taken under advisement.
Miss Laura M. Barrows was retired as a
teacher on her own application, in ordtr
that she might avail herself of the re- j
tirement fund.
On motion of Superintendent Webster j
the certllicate of Miss E. J. McGreevy, j
who was recently suspended for one year j
fur habitual absence, was renewed. Her
• ¦redentia's were found satisfactory after
an investigation by the board.
Miss Etr.e E. Smith and Miss Margaret ',
Pailie were recommended to the State :
Board ol Education for diplomas of the
grammar grade.
INJURIOUS DELAY
IN ISSUANCE OF
CERTIFICATES
To Transfer Incarcerated Ones to
Near Ingleside Would Mean
a Great Deal of
Trouble.
«.
Mayor Thelan's suggestion that Jail No.
1. on Broadway, be abandoned, meets with
decided objection from Sheriff Lackmann.
According to the Mayor it would be of
benefit to the city to have the inmates
of Broadway Jail transferred to Jail Xo.
2, near Ingleside. Sheriff Lackmann said
yesterday:
"Such a change would not be advisable,
as to make Jail No. 2 fit for the detention
of the class of prisoners at present con
fined in the Hroadway Jail would
mean an expenditure of a considerable
sum. Then again the prisoners of Jail No.
1 are summoned to the courts every day.
and to make a trip of six miles morning
and evening, which would be necessary
were the incarcerated ones transferred to
Jail No. 2, means a great loss of time,
which in itself is a great inconvenience.
The Broadway Jail, I admit, is a
very old building, and its interior arrange
ments are not of the latest, but it Is far
safer than Jail No. 2. We have prisoners
under our charge that are mechanics, and
we use their knowledge and labor ron-
Ftantly to keep the prison in a state of re
pair. This suggested change, to my Idea,
would not be a wise move."
The annual report of A. J. Martin. Sup
erintendent of Jail No. 2, is in the hands
of the Sheriff. A decided improvement
In the condition of affairs at the jail is
claimed, also a decrease in the matter of
expense. Martin reports having kept those
under his charge busy, and says he has
been enabled to keep the jail in a good
condition, and at a nominal expense.
Plan Suggested by Mayor
Is Not Approved by
Lackmann.
SHERIFF DOES NOT
WANT BROADWAY
JAIL ABANDONED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900.
9New York Grain and Produce..
TO SAIL..
Chicago Grain Market.
Shipping Intelligence.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
CALL. CALENDAK.
July, 1900*
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early , morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second ¦ time ¦ column Elves ' the second tide of
th« day. the third time column the third -tide
and the last or right hand ¦ column rives • the
last. tide of the day. except when there are but
tbree tides, as eometlmeat occurs. The heights
*- &
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and HeiichtB of Hl^h and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The hljth and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Notice to Mariners.
SAN FRANCISCO LIGHT VESSEL NO TO.—
CALIFORNIA,
Notice is hereby given that the steam chime
whistle of San Francisco light vessel No. 70
off entrance to San Francisco harbor. Cali
fornia, which has been disabled since June 18.
is now In good working order and will sound aa
usual during thick and foggy weather.
This notice affects "The Liet of Lights and
Fog Sisrnals, Pacific Coast, 1900." page 14, No.
22. and "The List of .Beacons and Buoys. Pa
cific Coast, 1900," page 18.
By order of the Lighthouse Board,
U. SEBREE. Commander, U. S, 'N.
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
All exchanges except the Oil Exchange
stand adjourned and the single one in session Is
doing nothing. This Is always an off week.
Sales on the Bond Exchange during the first
half of the year were as follows, compared with
the same time in 1S99: Stocks, 242,235 shares,
against 408,760; bonds. (2.499.S50, against $3.
£72.700.
UVERPOOL.
TV-heat— July. Sept
£p« ln * « 2y 4 6 3H
Closing 6 3% 6 4%
PARIS.
oKSt .% ¦•fi-i?"-
Closing 2075 |{ |j|
Flour—
2p cl } ln * 27 65 23 85
Closing ei 80 28 60
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. July 6. -CATTLE— Receipts 17 000
Steers generally steady, closing lower. Butchers
steady to strong. Natives— Best on sale to-day
seven carloads at J5 65; good to prime steers.
$) lo@6 ,5; poor to medium. $4 60^5 10; selected
feeders, firm. $4 8504 35; mixed stockers, steady
*2 60«3 <S: cows, J2 90@4 50; heifers. »3S>5- can
5*6™' * ® 3 : buUs> l2 60 ® 4 M : caives, 14 CO®
j HOGS-Recelpts to-day, 22,000; to-morrow 23 -
000; left over. 40.000. Five to 10c higher cTosin'c.
6 40; good to choice heavy, $> 15,35 4<v rouL-h
JnJSfe a$f? 10: llBht ' J5 10 ® 5 »&: TO or S
SHEEP-Recelpts. 2000. Sheep. 10c to 15o
n"w«r : *& 1^ nbs V 1 teadv: otimtT slow to
lower. Good to choico wethers. *4 1604 45-
? h r£ lc S. mlxe< J- W "a* 25; Western sheep , $4®
London Wool Market.
LONDON, July B.-At the wool auction sales
to-day 7694 bales were offered. New Zealand
wool was in good demand and was taken by the
home trade and full prices realized at the Open
ing of the present series. There was quite a
little comoetltlon with American buyers for
£ e^ » MMt al i 5/ th , e offerings a? the Cape
of Good Hope and Natal were bought in on no
count of the bidding being much toV low Go^fd
Kaffarlan greasy sold well. *-ooa
New York Metal Market. :¦
NEW YORK. July 6.— COPPER— Quiet • brok
ers\ $16 25B16 50; exchange, $16 50 '
t^F/ A ,^r Lnse . t . Ued: brokers '. S3 90; exchange
S4 10G4 15; casting copper, $15 25. .
Portland's Business.
b>U > S >/ >lV U ! y^ Th< clearln B s. m.m;
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 6.— The feeling locally was
a little better, but there was not much business
doing in the wheat market. Some exporters
are still quoting around 66@57c, but i here are
reports of a cent more being paid for • Walla
Walla and' Blue Stem Is steadv at 53@50a ' The
new crop promises to be of much better dual
ity than that of last year.
Foreign shipments from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 100,503 bushels.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 6.— Consols, 89H: Silver.
28 7-16d; French Rentes, 99f 47^ic; cargoes on
passage, firm, not active; Walla. Walla, 29s 6d;
English country markets, ¦ easy.
LIVERPOOL, July 6— yheat, " flrnj; No. .1
New York Stock Market.
NKW YORK. July 5.— The stock market made
a very striking demonstration of recuperative
power to-day ty the way In which It overcame
the early losses. There were wide breaches In
prices a* the reruit of two days of eeml-demor
elizatlon on forecn etock markets when the
New Tork Etock Kxchange began trading this
morning. American securities dealt In London
vere depressed all the way from a large fraction
to 1% below the cloeing price here on Tuesday.
Brltifh consols had lost all but 1-lfi of a full
point and 4 per cent. Rente* had fallen 65
centimes from Tuesday'* prices. Such was the
eir.kir.g effect of the alar", in European quar
ters over the pass to which affairs In China.
The alarm on account of the Chinese crisis
must be added to renewea uneasiness over the
financial conditions at Berlin, where there was
m. condition bordering on panic both yesterday
and to-day. t
Large amounts of eelling for the London
account had their Initiative In Berlin. The
home market began to rally with increasing
vijror after thi» selling had ceased. The de
pressing Influence of the Chinese situation was
convened lor home use into a factor of posi
tive strength, and for the first time eince the
pcare over the crop became an issue, the prices
for whf-at and for stocks advanced slmultane
cusly. The argument was that In .the event of
extensive military operations in China much
material would have to be BUi^lled from our
Pacific Coast. This served to raise the
grangers well over Tuesday's level of prices
The rally was conspicuously majiipulau-d The
close generally was about steady near the hi^h
level. The money market continued quiet ahd
there was evidence of largely increased supplies
!rom the July payment*.
The bond market was fairly active, but the
movement of prices was Irregular. TotaJ sales
par value, fl.360.000.
United States new 4s declined % and the old
4s Vk in the bid price.
NEW IORK STOCK LIST.
Shares •. *-y-.i Closing
Sold. Stock— . nM
1.7C0 Atchison £54
:: ".j Atchison prefd .* 71s'
17.5SS Baltimore & Ohio "" 733^
Canadian Pacific ¦" %-£
100 Canada Southern 4si_
S.i:; Chesapeake & Ohio 2G
Chicago Great Western 10%
10.C75 <"hicago, P.urllnpton A Quincy 125W
Chinnco, Ind & Louisville ;i
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd &u
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95
1.K5 Chicago & Northwestern icsu
G.C70 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific IOC 1 ;
225 C C C & Ht Louis j$£
.." Colorado Southern <;'
3W Colorado Southern 1st prefd <j
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
J>00 Delaware A: Hudson 112>4
100 Ixlaware. Lackawanna & Western. .lizii
ICO L>enver & Jtio Grande lG»i
£30 Denver & ltio Grande prefd C6
Erie 3(,ii
1,200 Erie 1st prefd 33
317 Great Northern prefd 149«4
500 Hocking Coal ni
30(t Hocking Valley K>2
441 Illinois Central 113
200 Iowa Central 18
230 Iowa Central prefd 46
100 Kansas City. Pittsburg & Gulf 14%
200 I^uke Erie & Western 27
3^ake Krie & Western prefd 90
....... Lake Pbore 209
5.045 IxnitnviUe & Nashville 74H
1,^20 Manhattan Elevated 87V6
2.400 Metropolitan Street Railway 14S'£
100 Mexican CVntral 12^4
1M .Minneapolis & Ft Louis «S>i
Minneapolis & Bt Louis prefd 88
1.478 ill«ourl Pacific .;,......... 52'i
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 77@79c; No. 2 red,
78'i ! '5&0c; No. 2 corn, 42*;<S43c; No. 2 yellow.
42"i'343Hc; No. 2 oats. 23<4»@24c; No. 2 white,
26&26i;c; No. 3 white, 2J*i<S'26itc; good feeding
barle>\ 3S@40c; fair to choice malting, 45c; No.
1 flaxseed. $1 SO; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 80; mess
pork per barrel. $11 60@12 75; lard, per 100
pounds. t6 75(5« 87ft; short ribs sides (loose)
16 85@7 15; dry salted shoulders (boxed), €*iS7c
short clear sides (boxed), $7 £0@7 60;Tvhieky'
basis of high wines, $1 23; sugar, cut loaf 6 56c
granulated, 6.02c; confectioners' A 7.sfc- off
A. 6.63c; clover, contract grade, $S.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments^
Flour, barrels 85,000 27 000
Wheat, bushels 84,000 2C5|000
Com. bushels 822.000 60S 000
Oats, bushels 604,000 876 000
Rye bushels 1,000 j 00 ,>
Barley, bushels...; 8,000 3,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 15019ftc; dair
itSkdyfSwuSS: Bteady; fresh - 10V2O; cheese -
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July 4.
Stmr THIamook. Hughe*. 18 houn from Tort
Bragg.
Thursday, July 5.
Btmr Orlxaba, Parsons. Jl hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monterey.
Bchr Sparrow, Dart. 45 hours from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Thursday. July 5.
Btmr Coos Bay, Shea, San Pedro; GoodalL
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanaimo;
John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Schr Robert Lewers, Goodman, Honolulu;
Williams. Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. July 5.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria, and Port
Townbcnd.
Etmr Geo Loomls, Badger. Ventura,
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen, .
Stmr Westnort. Ericsson, .
Stmr Eureka, Jensen. Eureka.
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan, Nanaimo.
Ship Lucile, Hansen. Seattle.
Schr Volant. Ericksen, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 6. 10 p ra— W«*th«r
hazy; wind SW, velocity 14 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per B P Cheney— May 15, bark Agate, henc*
April 27, for Bristol Bay.
May 13. lat 3 S. Ion 30 W— Ger ship Altair.
from London, for San Diego.
May 24, lat 15 S, Ion 26 W— Br ship Sprins
burn, from London, for San Francisco.
June 15. lat 61 SO N, Ion 166 30 W— Sohr Anto
lope, hence May 1. for Nome. -v
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE. July 5-Stmr Valencia at this
port from Nome reports Brans at York went
ashore on uncharted rock and ripped off part
of keel. June 22. 52 steamers have arrived to
' ' "¦ DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived July 4— Bktn
Amelia, from Port Townsend; «chr Challenger,
from Seattle.
Sailed July S — Schr G ' W Watson, for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 4— Stmr AlUaaca,
from Cape Nome; stmr Willamette. hea;e June
29. July o— Ger bark Bertha, for Caleta Buena;
stmr Humboldt. from Nome.
Sailed July 4 — Stmr City of Topeka, for Skag
uay.
Arrived July 6— Stmr Valencia, from Nome;
stmr South Portland, from Nome.
Spoken by Valencia June 29 — Stnor Grace Dol
lar, from Nome, tor Seattle.
NEAH BAY— Passed In July 4— Chll bark
Santa Rosa, from Callao; stmr Mlneola, from
Port Lop Angeles, for Nanaimo;; Aus itmr
Slam, hence June 29. for Chemainus; stmr
Humboldt. from Cane Nome, for Seattle
COOS BAY— Arrived July 6— Stmr Empire,
hence July 1.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July S-Chll
bark Santa Rosa, from Callao; Chll bark Ber
tha, from Caleta Buena.
EUREKA— Sailed July 4, at t p m — Stmr Ori
zaba, for San Francisco.
NAKNEK RIVER— Arrived May 2«— Bark P
B Cheney, hence April 80.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 8— Br •tmr Etrath
gyle, from Yokohama.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived July 5— Arrived
July 5 — Schr Maxim, from Eureka.
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived May 20— Bark Nicho
las Thayer, hence April 10. June 1— Ship St
Nicholas, hence April 23. June 6— Schr F S
Redfield. from Puget Sound. June 13 Stmr
Kvlchak, from Port Angeles.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 4— Schr Louise
from Umpqua. July 5— Stmr Alcatraz. hence
July 3; stmr Alcazar, from Eureka.
NOME — Sailed June 23 — Stmr Nom»- City for
Portland, via St Michael.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 6— U S itmr Philadel
phia, for .
BANDON. Or— Arrived Julj I— Schr Confl
anza. hence June 23.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived July fi — Stmr
Greenwood, from .
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 4— Jap stmr Rio Jon
Maru, from -Yokohama.
Sailed July 4— Br ship Dnimmnir, for Mel
bourne: bark Onaway, for Adelaide.
LONDON— Sailed July 3— Br ship Glaucus, for
San Francisco, and passed Deal July 4
ANTWERP— Sailed July 4— Br ship Ludpara.
for Port Los Anrelea. .
TOCOPILLA— Arrived July 4— Br ship Kll
rton, from Honolulu.
NANAIMO— Sailed July 8— Nor star Tltania.
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived July S-Br «tmr Gaelic,
hence June 6.
CHICAGO, July 5.— A higher market at Liver
pool resulted in a bulge here early to-day, but
the market reacted because of rains In the
Northwest, closing steady, August a shade un
der Tuesday. The longs seized the opportunity
to unload a good load, said to be 75,000 bushels.
Traders held heavily and the market was gradu
ally forced down to SOc. At SOftc, which was
touched during the afternoon, the market re
ceived support from foreign shorts, whose re
ceipts were on the Chinese situation and a re
covery to SOftc followed. The bears found the
bulge more of an inducement to continue the
trading and jumped on the price and hammered
it down to 79ft©79fto. The close showed the
bulge and a shade more gone. The market had
steadied, however, and the wind-up was over
the bottom. August at 79%c.
There was a fairly active market In corn.
August closed at 43Uc.
The oats market on the whole was a steady
one. August closed ftc lower.
Provisions were quiet. The close found the
market fairly steady. September pork closed a
eh.i.le over Tuesday and lard closed 2ftc higher
and ribs closed a shade down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Charters.
Wheat charters prior to arrival are: Tht Had
«on Hall. Fan Francisco to Europe, 23s €d;
RlcUmer Rlckmers, Portland to Europe. S7» 6d.
Revenue Collections.
Internal revenue collections In this district
during the f.rst half of the year were $3,912,753.
iyri.ir.st {3.7C:,117 for the Fame time in 1S95. the
Iwrtinr items being Jl 114.165 for beer, $579,413
lor Fpirits. Jii'S.ASl for toLacco and $1,C11,SS3 for
war st&ir.j'S.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Walla Walla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with merchandise manifested as
follows: For Vancouver. $4005; for Victoria.
r$U€. Total, ?13,a)l.
Amor.g the principal shipments were the fol
lowing:
For Vancouver— I6c c» Chocolate. 1500 ft Hard
wood. £160 lbs bread. 253 pkgs Groceries and
Provisions, 75 tir-s Matches, 13 gals Wine, 9
pkgs Shrimps, 12 tbls Lacquer, 5 cs Cheese, 200
jikgs Dried Fruit. 20 bxs Raisine, 70 eks Malt,
10 as Canned Fru!t, S3 rkgs Fruit. 139 bxs
Oranges, LS hxs Lemor.s, 145 crs Onions, 2cO Eks
Potatoes, 7 pks:s Graphophone Goods.
In transit— 1*. COO lbs Sugar; value. $300.
For Vancouver— 26 cs Dry Goods, 2O.'0 lbs
Sugar, ir.0 gals Wine, 7 pkgs Shrimps. 19 pkgs
Steel, 15 pkts Groceries. 7 bbls Lacquer, 40 cs
' !.«.ese, 24 pkes Vegetables, 5 rkgs Fish, 2C2
eke Malt, £25 cs Whfcky, 14 pkgs Electrical Sup
j iies. £2 r*gs Hardware, i'l rkps Fruit. 20 crs
Or.lcns. 7u fcks Potatoes, 20 bxa Lemons, &O bxs
Oranges, 11 cs Drugs, 7 pkgs Grapbophone
Gocxis.
Weather Report.
n»th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July B. E p. ni.
The following maximum temperatures were
rej-crted from stations In California to-day:
Eureka CORed Bluff 86
Mount Tasialpais i2, Sacramento 94
Independence 92]San Luis Oblspo 76
Fre»no 100 San Diego 6S
Los Angeles 7S|
6a.n Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
CS; minimum, £1; mean, COc.
WEATHCR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A 6tcrm of moderate energy has passed rap
idly over the upper Missouri Valley eastward
and now overlies the Mississippi Valley. Kain
is rei>orted in Northern Dakota and probably
ha» lallen In the adjoining States. An area of
low pressure overlies the valley of the Colo
rado and the Mujave Insert. There has been i
little change in temperature and pressure over
the Pacific e!cj«.
Li£rht rains are reported in Washington and
Northern Oregon. In the great valleys of Cali
fornia the tem;>eratures continue from 7 degrees
to S degrees above the normal.
Th» maximum temperature reported at Mount
Tamal;-aie Thursday was J2 depreee; the maxi
mum at £sui Francisco £S df-creea.
Th* follcv.-ing maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka. 26 miles per hour, from the
north; £an lYancisco, 26 miles, from the south
wesl.
.'¦¦"' .-j.-t r-.£.de at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight July «. 1S00:
Northern California— Fair Friday; light
northerly winds in the interior; fresh westerly
winds en the coast.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light
weeterlj- winds.
Nevada — Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
Kan Francisco and vlclr.lty — Fair Friday;
:.•.; northerly, changing to brlek westerly.
¦w .:.;.-.. with tog In the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official
Mobile &. Ohio „ SS
Missouri. Kansas & Texaa 9%
2.6.*0 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 30%
6.C13 New Jersey Central 1324
S73 New York Central 12SH
6,750 Norfolk & Western 32»i
325 Norfolk & Western prefd 75V»
22.0SO Northern Pacific 614
2.120 Northern Pacific prefd 70^
2,510 Ontario & Western 19'*
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
<~>r Railway & Navigation prefd 76
9.443 Pennsylvania 12fc^i
2.9IJ Rc-ading n^
30.6M Reading Ut prefd 61*,
6,2iO Reading 2d prefd 23H
Rio Grande Western 69^
Rio Grande Western prefd SS
73) St Louis & San Francisco 9«i
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 63
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 32
St Louis. Southwestern 10
POO St Louis. Southwestern prefd 24H
14,342 fct Paul 112
St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha 110
Southern Pacific 31T4
S."20 Southern Railway II
220 Southern Railway prefd 60%
2.930 Texas & Pacino U%
¦SO0 Union Pacific DO^i
ll.ftl Union Pacific prefd ~2\
1.030 Wabash 7H
Wabash prefd IS
775 Wheeling & L E S\
420 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 22H
4W) Wisconsin Central 13V t
Third Avenue 103ft
Express Companies —
Ada:ns 115
....... American 150
United States 4;
Wells-Fargo 122 .
Miscellaneous—
1,300 American Cotton Oil 34H
American Cotton Oil prefd S7
American Malting 3Vi
100 American Malting prefd 19
8,005 Amer Smelting & Refining 37%
Amer Smelting & Refining prefd.... 88
American Spirits 1V4
American Spirits prefd 17
1,400 American Steel Hoop 208
American Steel Hoop prefd 67
6.S30 American Steel & Wire 33»i
1.410 American Steel & Wire prefd 72H
651 American Tin Plate 20
American Tin Plate prefd 73ty
6.O0O American Tobacco 91% !
American Tobacco prefd 125
460 Anacon.ia Mining Co »)%
1S.«j5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 56
2,500 Colorado Fuel & Iron 33
400 Continental Tobacco 25
Continental Tobacco prefd 77
7.C60 Federal Steel 33%
7.&S5 Federal Steel prefd 67H
100 General Electric 127
120 Glucose Sugar 49
Glucose Sugar prefd 96
100 International Paper 22
410 International Paper prefd 65
Laclede Gas 70
250 National Biscuit 30>4
National Biscuit prefd SO
National Lead 19V4
100 National Lead prefd 97
1.9T0 National Steel 25>4
110 National Steel prefd 85
400 New York Air Brake 134
S35 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 52>4 |
Pacific Coast 1st prefd f5
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
445 Pacific Mall 29
8.CS3 People's Gas 9814
400 Pressed Steel Car 45
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd 74
Pullman Palace Car 179
Standard Rope & Twine a
t3,660 Sugar 117
TOO Sugar prefd 115
Z.f'O Tennessee Coal & Iron 69%
1.775 United States Leather 9H
470 United States Leather prefd 68
300 United States Rubber 25
United States Rubber prefd 92
200 Western Union 80
4?0 P C C & St Louis 10%
1,110 P C C &. St Louis prefd 54
Republic Iron & Steel BS
X6,C00 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s ref reg, |M K & T 2ds 6S»4
when issued 103 |M K & T 4s 90
Do cour>on 103 N Y Central lsts...lOS
U S 2s reg W0 N J Cent gen 6s... 120^4
U S 2s reg 108«4iN Pacific 3s 66
V S 3s coup 103UJN Pacific 4s 104>4
US new 4s reg.. ..134 :N* Y C & S L 4S...106U
V S new 4s coup.. 134 |N & W con 4s 96
U S old 4s reir 114*i;Or Nav lsts 107
U S old 4s coup...H4H,Or Nav 4s 101%
U S 5s reg 113»i Or S Line 6s 127Vfc
U S Si coup llSHiOr S Line con Ss.lll
Dis of Col 3.65s 123 'Reading Gen 4s.... 86*4
Atchleon gen 4s»..101H!R G W lsts 97ft
ttchison ad] 4s 83 18 L & I M ccn Is.. 110
Canada 60 2ds 107 |S L & S F Gen 63.125
Chep & Ohio 41,4s... 99liiSt Paul cons 116
Ch«ss & Ohio 5s 116 iPt P C & P lsts....H6H
C & NW con 7s. ...140 iSt P C & P 6s 117^
C & NWEFdeb as. 120 Fo Pacific 4s Mft
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 94 Po Railway 5s lOS'i
Colo Southern 4s.. 84%! Stand R &. T 6».... 70
!> i- H <; lsts 102 ITex & Pac lsts. ...Ill
D & R G 4s 97\siTex & Pac 2ds 75
Erie General 4s.... 69ft:Union Pacific 4s. ...105
F W & D C lsts... 70 iWabash lsts 115Vi
General Elec 6s 117ft!Waba*h 2ds 101%
Iowa Central lsts. .110 IWest Shore 4s ll?li
K C P & G lsts... TOHI^'Js Cent lets 87-*4,
L & N Uni 4s , 98 iVa Centuries 90
MINING STOCK&
Chollar 15 Ontario 6 75
Crown Point 7 Ophir 63
Con Oal & Va 1 40 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver :. 1 60
Gould & Curry 10; Do prefd 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. SO Sierra Nevada 2S
I Homestake 50 00 Standard S 60
I Iron Silver Eo Yellow Jacket 12
Mexican IS Union Con iO
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iFltchburg prefd. ...138
Call loans 2V4«3ft! General Electric. ..123
Time loans SVi©4 !Ed Elec 111 205
Stocka — (Mexican Central... 12H
A T Sl S F 25VMlch Telephone.... 65
A T & S F prefd.. 71ft !N E Gas & Coke.. 15
American Sugar... 117ft Old Colony 80!
Am Sugar prefd.. .115 Old Dominion 18%
Bell Telephone 140 Rubber 25
Boston & Albany.. 245 |Union Pacific 5074
Boston Elevated. .. 139ft jWest End 92\4
Hoston & Maine. ..1SS iWestlnghouse El.. 44ft
Chgo. Bur & Q....1255i'iWis Central 13
Dominion Coal 39 ! Bonds^
Pom Coal prefd. ...114 Atchison 4s :.100«4
Federal Steel 33T4 N E Gas&Coke 6s. 84
Fed Steel prefd.... 66
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, July 6.— Money on call, easy at
1%@2 per cent; last loan, 1%; prime mercantile
paper, 3^04% per cent; sterling exchange,
firm, with actual buslnees In bankers' bills at
?4 Sf% for 'demand and $4 83%<34 S3% for sixty
days; posted rates, $4 85@4 S7ft; commercial
bills, $4 £5(34 87H; bar silver, 61%c; silver certi
ficates, Cl%@62%c: Mexican dollars, 18c; Gov
ernment bonds, weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balance in the general fund,
exclusive of ths ¦ $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shown: Available cash
balance, $151,062,736; gold, $70,741,356.
London Market.
NEW YORK, July 6.— The Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram to-day says:
There was gloom in the markets to-day over
the news from China and consols fell from
par 1H to 98%, closing at 99ft. Chinese securi
ties opened 6 points lower. Later there was a
slight general tendency to recover. ¦ Trouble is
feared in Manchester on account of the stop
page of eastern remittances. Berlin was hard
hit and has been realizing on a large scale.
Americans were featureless and depressed'
Pans was unsettled.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July fi.— Consols for money 9»U-
Consols for the account, 99ft; Canadian -Pacific
SOU: Union' Pacific preferred, 74ft; Northern
NEW YORK. July 5.— FLOUR— Receipts. 23.
837 barrels; exports, 13,880, Generally held at
old prices.
* WHEAT— Receipts, 179,450 bushels; exports,
20.115. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 87%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 85c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duiuth, S9Hc t. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 80'^c t. o. b. afloat. Options were at
first active and very much stronger on Eng
lish cables reflecting a grave Chinese situa
tion, with foreign buying and a liberal demand
from shorts the features of the upturn, but on
subsequent realizing, helped by predictions of
more Northwest showers, the market eased off
and closed rather weak at H@\ic net advance.
July. 85tt@86%c, closed 85%c; September, S4&@
87o. closed 84Hc: October, 84%@S5c, cloeed 84%c;
December, SWasilic. closed Softc.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— DulL
COFFEE— Spot, strong; No. 7 Invoice. 8%c;
mild market, firm; Cordova, 9!4®13%c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Steady; creamery, 17019%c; fac
tory, 14®16Hc.
EGGS— Steady: Western at mark, 10@12o for
average lots; Western, loss off. 13>,5@14Hc
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. July 5.— Business was rather
slow in the market for evaporated apples, with
the undertone about steady at unchanged
prices. California dried fruits were dull and
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 3^@5c;
prime. 5U@3%c; choice. 5%S6%c: fancy. "U"¥-c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3H@7c per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, l2Ms@14c; Moorpark. 15@
ISc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled, 609c.
Silver advanced.
Chinese news beginning to affect Wheat.
Oats in quick demand for tlie Government and higher.
Barley and Corn quiet. Rye very dull.
Large receipts of Bran from the North.
Hay shows no change.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes and Onionsvtbout the same.
Eggs sho-ji'ing more steadiness.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Tzlv cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Increased receipts of Grapes and Melons.
Nothing nezv in Dried Fruits.
Provision market of a holiday character.
Meat market shows no further changes.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 S4V4
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 S3
New York Exchange, sight — 10 '
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12H
Fine Silver, per ounce. — 61H
Mexican Dollars, nominal 48% —
Wheat and. Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago, which closed on Tuesday
at SOttc, opened at 82c and fell back to 80Uc.
Liverpool and Paris both advanced under the
Chinese news, which Is beginning to be a
factor In the wheat market, and under a de
crease of 3,000,000 bushels In the European vis
ible supply.
Additional general rains in the Northwest
were reported. Interviews with the principal
dealers in Minneapolis elicited the opinion that
the rains have benefited only about a quarter
of the dry area and that at best only one- third
or one-half a crop need be expected. There
have been no rains of any consequence north
and west of Fargo, and In this territory the
situation is worse than a week ago. South of
Fargo moderate Improvement is reported.
Kansas is beginning to make a poorer show
ing. Topeka reported the crop under expecta
tions almost everywhere, and Southwestern
threshing returns were also disappointing. A
big crop and free movement, however, are ex
pected in the Southwest.
The reaction at Chicago was caused by heavy
sales by the same house that bought 2.000.000
bushels on Monday's break. The market seem
ed completely filled up by concentrated pro
fessional selling, and the little fellows were
running, which made things look weak.
Local futures were higher, but spot prices
were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05: milling, $1 07H
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December
2000 ctls. $1 15H: 10,000. $1 l$Vi.
Second Session— December— 8000 ctls. $1 15U;
14,000, $1 15.
Regular Momlng Session— December— 6000
ctls, $1 15«,4.
Afternoon SeBsion — December — 2000 ctls.
$1 15»,i; 8000, $1 15U; 12,000. $1 15%.
BARLEY— Quotations stand about the same,
with a dull market.
Feed. 6%*i@nhic for No. 1 and 62%@65c for off
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, 'SQ'SOc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales._^
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls. 72Vic.
Regular morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, 72%c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 73'ic;
4000. nzvic
OATS — Fresh Government orders are on the
market, which is stiff and higher, as will be
Been by the quotations.
White. $1 11X5130; Surprise, $127^0135; Red,
$1 10® 1 15; Gray. $1 07V4S1 15; Black, $1@1 10 per
ctl.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow. $1 17^01 20
per ctl; Eastern White, $1 n&Sl 2Q per cU;
Mixed, $1 1501 17H.
RYE— Dull at 92%@95c per cU.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Flour 1» In active demand.
FLOUR — Calliornia family extras. $3 60^3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 BO; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75@ 3 10 per barrel for fam
ily, and $3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern, $i 73®
5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacKs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 CO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50(??3 75; Buckwheat Flour; $1@4 25-
Cracked Wheat. $3 GO; Farina, $4 B0; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25, in sacks. $5 75©7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There were heavy receipts of Bran from
Ore gen.
There was nothing new In Hay, old being
steady to firm, and new . neglected and weak.
BRAN— $12 50@13 50 per ton. -•
MIDDLINGS— $17(920 per ton •
FEEDSTL'FFS- Rolled Barley, $16 per ton;"
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing $27 50
; i?2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20@ I 21: Corn Meal, $24 50;
Cracked Corn, $25; Mixed Feed, $14. I
HAY— Wheat. $7 50ig9 50 for common to good,
$10 for choice: Wheat and Oat, $7 50@9 50; Oat,
$6 50®8; Alfalfa. $5@7 E0 per ton.
NEW HAY— Volunteer, $i 50@6 50: Wheat,
$6 EOJIS; Clover, $4 50QC; Alfalfa, $j@7; Bariey,
$4 50<56 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25@37»4c per bale.
Beans and. Seeds.
Previous prices rule, with a slack demand.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 S5#3: Small White. $3 25®
3 40; large White, $2 75@3; Pink. $2 50® 2 90;
Red, $2 50(g3: Blackeye. $2 B0@3 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 30@5 40; Pea. $3 40®3 50; Red
Kidneys. $4Jjl 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $1 9ft®2 20; Canary, 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2!fei§3c'; Hemp. 4@4^o; Timo
thy, 4@4%c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2 25®2 50; Green. »2 25
@2 50 per Ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions stand about as before.
Vegetables are generally weak, with the excep
tion of Tomatoes, which continue In light sup
ply and firm.
POTATOES — Oregon Burbanks. 65@S5c: New
Early Rose. 35Q'50c; New Burbanks, SOcQJl per
Ctl.
ONIONS-New Red, 75@ 1 90c; Yellow, $1 05®
1 15 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Com. 75c®l 25 per
sack for VacavHIe, 65@S5c per crate for Berke
ley and $l(gl 50 for Alameda; Asparagus, 50c®
$1 73 per box for common to choice and $2@2 50
for fancy large; Green Peas. 2ft3e per lb; String
Beans, l@3c: Cabbage, 40@5Oc; Tomatoes 60@
73o; Rivers, SI 50«I2 25; Egg Plant, •ijfoc; Green
Okra, 15c; Green Peppers, 2' / 4<5'oC for Chili
nr.d Zftac for Bell; Dried Peppers, S@10c: Car
rots, 25@3f.c per sack; Summer Squash, 25c per
box for Vacaville and 4C©65c for Alameda:
Cucumbers. C0®5Oc for Alameda and 25c per
box for Marysville; new Garlic, 2@3c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern came In, making three
for the week. Local receipts are light and
good stock is rather firm than otherwise. East
ern Hens are celling at $606 50.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@Ue for Gob
blers and ll@12Hc for Hens; Geese, per pair. SI
@1 25; Goslinps, $1 25@1 50; Ducks. $3 50@4 for
old and $4*34 50 for young; Hens, $4@5; young
Itoosters, $5 5006; old Roosters. I4@4 50; Fryers,
J3©4; Broilers, $3@ > 3 50 for large and $2 25@2 75
for small- Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 73 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are showing more steadiness, receipts
being lighter, though it Is an off week In trade
and the demand is consequently light. Prices
are unchanged.
Butter (I; In good supply, and the quality is
much better than of late. The market shows
no change. Cheese Is firm, but no higher.
BUTTER-*
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 18@19c; seconds,
17»,ic
Dairy— Fancy, 16'/4@17c; good to choice, 16c;
common, 14®15c.
CHEESE— New, 8V4®9c; Young America, 9'£
@10c; Eastern. 16@17c; Western, 15@lGc per lb. '
EGGS— Quoted at 13@14c for store and 15®
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 14@l4V4c. ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Melons and Grapes are making more show. .
and prices have a wide range, according to the
ripeness of the fruit.
Peaches and Apricots keep up well, and In
fact all fruits are selling much better . than
usual., The general expectation last spring was
that in view of the large crop this year there
would be a , bad summer glut, but there has
been no glut in aythlng thus far.
Cherries are on their last legs.
DECIDUOUS KUUITS— ; •
APRICOTS— 23@50c per box and . crate; In
baskets, SO-Poc; in bulk, 2@3c per lb to the
trade and $105r25 per ton to the eanners.
APPLES— 15«f?;25c per basket and 33c@$l for
large boxes. Crabapples, 40®50c.per box.
PEARS— 25fff50c per box; Bartletts, 75c@$l 25.
PLUMS— 25@40c per box and crate and 20@35c
per basket; in bulk, $10@15 per ton; Prunes,
25@50c t>er crate and 20@40c per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— $2@4 ; per chest for large
and $2ir4 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $2 60®5 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2(tf4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES-$7@8 per chest. ,
CURRANTS— U fC@3 60 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— S@10c per«tu. \
FIGS— Per box, 25@40c. for single and E0@75c
for double layers. ' - - : ¦
NECTARINES— White, 75c@$l per box.
PEACHES— 40®60e per box and 40@60o per
basket for common and B0@7Bc per box and
40@60c Der basket for Crawfords.
. GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona, . $2 • per
crate. Fontalnebleau, from Vacaville, 60c@$l 60.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHERRIES— Almost *one and nominal at 6®
8c per lb. •
MELONS— Nutmegs. $1 50 per case from Ari
zona and 75c@Jl 25 for nearby. Cantaloupes. 12
per crate for Indio and 75c@|l 25 for \aca
vllle. Watermelons, from'lndio, $3 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings, 50c®$l 60; St.
Michaels, $1@2 50; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25®
2: Valencias, $2©2 50; Lemons, J102 for common
and $2 S0@3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4@5: Bananas. 75c@$2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples.. Jl 50@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Old fruits are neglected. The outlook for
new is still a matter of guess.
DRIED FRUITS— Old Crop— Prunes, In sacks.
4@4VjC for 40-50's. 3&®3%c for 50-60's, 3tf@3Hc
for 60-70's, 3@3Vic for 70-SVs. 21s@3c for S0-90's
and 2%«?2%c for SO-100's. Peaches, WtQiKc for
Standards, 5c for choice and 5%@6c for fancy;
Peeled Peaches, 10@12ftc; Evaporated Apples,
6%(g6c; sun-dried, 3fMc per lb; Pears, 3%©<ttc
for dark and 7@Sc for bright halves: Black
Fixs Hififc; White Figs, 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, 7ftc; Unbleached Plums, 6c for pitted
and lV4c for unpitted.
NEW CROP— Apricots, 6®7%c per lb.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's fancy, per
lb, 19c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy per lb, SVsc; choice. 7 J^c; standard. 6ftc;
prime 5c; unbleached Sultanas. Be; Seedless,
50-lb boxes 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 8%c;
3-crown 6V*c; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers,
2-crown, $1 SO per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, ?2; Dehesa. J2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. •
NUTS— Walnuts. S@9c for Standards and 9®
10c for softshells; Almonds, UH®12c for paper-
Bhell 9@10c for soft and 4@5c for hardshell;
Peanuts. 5%06%c for Eastern and Be for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Sc: Filberts, 12®12V4c;
Pecans. M'SHc: COCoanuts, $3 60@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12H@13o for brigrht and 119
12c for light amber; water white, 7K®7Hc: light
amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24(&26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market U dull and of a holiday char
acter.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10®104e per lb for
heavy, 10Vi@10V&o for light medium, ll\e for
light, 12VJC for extra light and 14VSc for sugar
cured. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12®13c;
Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork, $15; extra clear, $13;
Mess. $16 60; Smoked Beef, 12H@13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and S*&c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
S&c; 10-lb tins. 9Uc; 5-lb tins, 9%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 894c; three
half barrels. S%c; one tierce. 8&c; two tierces,
8V4c; five tierces, 8*ic per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9%c; medium, S^@3c; light, 8%c; Cowhides.
8%c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, SVJc; Calf. 9Vic; Dry
Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands, 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16c; Sheepskins, Shear-
Hnps, 20@30c each: short Wool, 30050c each;
medium, COgSOc; long Wool, 90c@$l 10 each;
Horse Hides, salt, $2jJ2 25 for large, $1 75 for
medium, $1 for small and GOc for colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50 for Iarse, $1 25 for medium, $1
for small and 25^50c for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins, 37H@40c; fall or medium
skins, 32%@35c: winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. J,
3c: refined. 5Hc; grease, 2%c
I WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 13@16c; Northern defective, 13®
15c; Middle County, free. 15@17c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 13@15c: Southern Mountain, 12
months', 12®13c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. ll@13c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 10@12c: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
17(S19c; Nevada, 14®17c per lb.
HOPS— Nominal at 6@10c per lb; new, 9@10o
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— BffiCUc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 8H©9tfc: email. 8%@10&e per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7H®8Hc; iwm, 7©7%c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 8%09c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6@6Hc for small, fi»i<85Tie
for medium and 5V4@u%e for large: stock Hogs
and feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs, 833c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%c; Wool Bags. 2S^@32%c;
Fleece Twine, 7 J /ic: Fruit Bags, W3W.C for
white and 8Vi@8%c for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington. *S per ton; new ¦Welling
ton, J3; Southfleld Wellington. $3; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6: Coos Eay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8; Co
operative Wallsend, $S; Cumberland, $12 in bulk
and $13 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke. J16 per
ton In bulk and SIS In sacks: Castle Gate and
Rock Springs, $8 45 per 2000 pounds.
SUGAR— The Western Supar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in ICO-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6c: Powdered, 5.60c;
Candy Granulated, 0.60c; Dry Granulated, 5.50c;
Confectioners' A, 5.50c; Magnolia A, 5.10c; Ex
tra C, 5c; Golden* C, 4.90c; barrels, 10c mere;
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half
barrels, 6.25c; boxes, C.50c per lb.
Receipts from the islands in June were 69,903.-
C00 lbs, said to be the heaviest ever known In
one month.
Receipts of Produce.
\ FOR JULY 4 AND S.
Flour, qr ska.... 27,H<) Beans, sks 625
Wheat, ctls 69.0S8 Potatoes, ska B.821
Barley, ctls 5,560 Onions, sks 1,538
Oats, ctls 1,315; Middlings, sks... 420
Cheese, ctls 486; Hay, tons 677
Butter, ctls 313i Straw, tons fi
Wine, srals 63.100iWc.ol. bales 244
Quicksilver, flks. 22O!Pelts, bdls 4,133
Egjrs, doz 14,940 Hides, No. 337
Hops, bale l.Ltme. bbls 273
Sugar, sks 600!
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska.... 13.622 Bran, sks T.425
Oats, ctls 2,613 Wool, bales 43
Potatoes, sks .... 216 Feed, cks 850
standard California, 6s' Ed@6s 6d: wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, firm; French
COTTON— Uplands, 6%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. July 5.— "WHEAT— Spot, firm;
No. 1 Northern spring-, 6s 5%d: No. 1 California,
6s 5d@6s 6d; futures, steady; July, 6« 3%d; Sep
tember. 6s 4%d; December, nominal.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, 4s lKd.
nominal; futures, quiet; July. 4s Id; September,
4s 2%A.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- FRIDAY, JULY 6. 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. B.X.. Mer.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
The Time Vali on the tower of the neW _5?n r3r
building was dropped at exactly noon to-aa> —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich CALKINS>
Lieutenant Commander. U*. S.'x.. In charge.
riven are In addition to the toundlnp on the
I'nl'ed State. Coast Survey charts, ""ep 1
when a minus slsm (— ) D^cedes the nel_n^
and then the number Riven Is a * b *Zl £&£ Zi
the depth slven by the chartf. Tbe . »££? ° r
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Pacific preferred. 72%; Grand Trunk, 6%; Ana
conda. 7T4: Atchlson. 25%; bar silver, steady,
2S@2S 7-16d per ounce.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ~"
July £0% 80% 78H 1iY.
August S1U 81Vi 79^ 79^
September S2\i 82V4 S0V4 SWi
Corn No. 2 —
July <3'4 43ft «% 42»{
August 43\ «H «»4 43Vi
September 44 V; 44& 43i» 43«i
Oata No. 2—
July 23H 23T4 23 23H
August 23% 24 23U 23V*
September 24 24H 23'A 23^4
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 12 93 12 90 12 70 12 72V4
September 13 00 13 05 12 90 12 9"s
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6S5 6 87V4 6 S2tf 6 82%
September .\. 7 00 7 00 6 S3 6 95
October. 7 00 7 00 6 S7H 6 97U
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 05
September 7 15 7 12*4 7 05 7 Co
12S4&67-A Flirt Quarter.
9 July 4.
i_!_iliLiLiiJiQ FuMMooi.
15 IS 17 18 19 20 21 July U -.
2 23 24 _25_ j»|_ 27 2S <g. July Vm
J!JL___L
New Mnon,
.Tnlv ?«
THURSDAY. JULT S.
iun 1
iun £
loon
¦ieca 4 ;53
'ets ...7:35
sets o.OO a. m.
6 ...
7 ...
8 ...
9 ...
L0 ...
11 ...I
Time Time ¦ Time Time "
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
t, W H "W L. W H W .
0:50 1:5 7:20 I 1.8 11:21 2.7 6:22 T;
1:88 1.0 8:34 3.4 12:16 2.9 7:01 6.<
*:13 0.4 9:35 3.6 1:18 S.I 7:42 6.(
.»:O7— 0.1 10:23 4.0 2:1S 3.3 8:26 6/
3:48—0.4 11:07 4.4 3:12 J. 2 9:14 6.<
4:30—0.7 11:46 4.6 4:05 3.1 10:03 6.!
5:11 —0.8 12:25 4.8 4:57 J.9 10:55 5.8
12 ...|
.9.
Steamer.
From.
Point Arena.... Mendoclno •*"{* -
Washtenaw .... Tacoma •} ,£ ,
Progreso Tacoma J * 6
Tltanta Nanalmo J"f* 2
City R. Janeiro Chlr.a and Japan ¦»«£ '
Del Norte Portland •}"{» 1
Kmplre Coos Bay ; ly '
Eureka |Humboldt •*« > |
Tellus Oyster Harbor J« £ »
Newport New York j" £ *
Bonlta Newport J \>\r |
North Fork ... Humboldt JJJ|J |
State of Calif.. Portland "JJJ » "
Unlvers* Oyster Harbor ~ J« }J »
Willamette Seattle •""» 9
Slam Oyster Harbor •*"}£ »
Strathffyl«> China and Japan July "
Santa Rosa San Diego J" 1 * »°
Orizaba Humboldt ...—•; J ul J J°
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Ju y 11
Arcata Coos Bay ~— "J u 'y "
Crescent Oty... Crescent City •>"{£ «
Coos Bay Newport tU « i?
Newbure Grays Harbor July 12
Steamer.
I Destination. '
Sails. I Pier.
. r—
¦W. Kruger. Tlllamook July I. 8 pm Pier |
Arcata Coos Bay July 6. 12 m Pier 13
Serapls .... Hamburg July «. 10 am Pier 7
Coos Bay... Newport July «. 9am Per .i
Curacao ... Mexico July 7. Warn Per 11
Columbia .Portland July 7. 11 am P|-r -J
Orizaba .... Humboldt July 7. 2 pmPler 9
St. Paul.... Cape Nome.... July 7, 2 pni|P!er 84
Corona .... San Dletro Tuly «. 11 amPier 11
Eureka .... Humboldt... -'July 9. 2 pm 1 , Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. I July 9. 2 P™ ;£'%="'
Acapuico .. N. T. v. Pan- July 9, 12 m PMSS
Nip. Mara. China & Japan July 10, 1 pm PMSS
Umatllla .. Vic & P*t Sd. July 10. 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport July 10, 9 am Pier 11
Nome City. Cape Nome.... July 10. I pm Pier 34
Del Norte.. Portland July 10 Pier 24
Moana Australia July 11. S pm Pier 7
Santa Rosa. San Die*o July 12. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork I Humboldt July 12. 9am|Pier 3
State of Cal)Portland July 12. 11 am|Pler 24
.9.
Steamer.
From.
Point Arena.... Mendoclno •*"{* -
Washtenaw .... Tacoma •} ,£ ,
Progreso Tacoma J * 6
Tltanta Nanalmo J"f* 2
City R. Janeiro Chlr.a and Japan ¦»«£ '
Del Norte Portland •}"{» 1
Kmplre Coos Bay ; ly '
Eureka |Humboldt •*« > |
Tellus Oyster Harbor J« £ »
Newport New York j" £ *
Bonlta Newport J \>\r |
North Fork ... Humboldt JJJ|J |
State of Calif.. Portland "JJJ » "
Unlvers* Oyster Harbor ~ J« }J »
Willamette Seattle •""» 9
Slam Oyster Harbor •*"}£ »
Strathffyl«> China and Japan July "
Santa Rosa San Diego J" 1 * »°
Orizaba Humboldt ...—•; J ul J J°
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Ju y 11
Arcata Coos Bay ~— "J u 'y "
Crescent Oty... Crescent City •>"{£ «
Coos Bay Newport tU « i?
Newbure Grays Harbor July 12
Steamer.
I Destination. '
Sails. I Pier.
. r—
¦W. Kruger. Tlllamook July I. 8 pm Pier |
Arcata Coos Bay July 6. 12 m Pier 13
Serapls .... Hamburg July «. 10 am Pier 7
Coos Bay... Newport July «. 9am Per .i
Curacao ... Mexico July 7. Warn Per 11
Columbia .Portland July 7. 11 am P|-r -J
Orizaba .... Humboldt July 7. 2 pmPler 9
St. Paul.... Cape Nome.... July 7, 2 pni|P!er 84
Corona .... San Dletro Tuly «. 11 amPier 11
Eureka .... Humboldt... -'July 9. 2 pm 1 , Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. I July 9. 2 P™ ;£'%="'
Acapuico .. N. T. v. Pan- July 9, 12 m PMSS
Nip. Mara. China & Japan July 10, 1 pm PMSS
Umatllla .. Vic & P*t Sd. July 10. 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport July 10, 9 am Pier 11
Nome City. Cape Nome.... July 10. I pm Pier 34
Del Norte.. Portland July 10 Pier 24
Moana Australia July 11. S pm Pier 7
Santa Rosa. San Die*o July 12. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork I Humboldt July 12. 9am|Pier 3
State of Cal)Portland July 12. 11 am|Pler 24
12S4&67-A Flirt Quarter.
9 July 4.
i_!_iliLiLiiJiQ FuMMooi.
15 IS 17 18 19 20 21 July U -.
2 23 24 _25_ j»|_ 27 2S <g. July Vm
J!JL___L
New Mnon,
.Tnlv ?«
THURSDAY. JULT S.
iun 1
iun £
loon
¦ieca 4 ;53
'ets ...7:35
sets o.OO a. m.
6 ...
7 ...
8 ...
9 ...
L0 ...
11 ...I
Time Time ¦ Time Time "
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
t, W H "W L. W H W .
0:50 1:5 7:20 I 1.8 11:21 2.7 6:22 T;
1:88 1.0 8:34 3.4 12:16 2.9 7:01 6.<
*:13 0.4 9:35 3.6 1:18 S.I 7:42 6.(
.»:O7— 0.1 10:23 4.0 2:1S 3.3 8:26 6/
3:48—0.4 11:07 4.4 3:12 J. 2 9:14 6.<
4:30—0.7 11:46 4.6 4:05 3.1 10:03 6.!
5:11 —0.8 12:25 4.8 4:57 J.9 10:55 5.8
12 ...|
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ~"
July £0% 80% 78H 1iY.
August S1U 81Vi 79^ 79^
September S2\i 82V4 S0V4 SWi
Corn No. 2 —
July <3'4 43ft «% 42»{
August 43\ «H «»4 43Vi
September 44 V; 44& 43i» 43«i
Oata No. 2—
July 23H 23T4 23 23H
August 23% 24 23U 23V*
September 24 24H 23'A 23^4
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 12 93 12 90 12 70 12 72V4
September 13 00 13 05 12 90 12 9"s
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 6S5 6 87V4 6 S2tf 6 82%
September .\. 7 00 7 00 6 S3 6 95
October. 7 00 7 00 6 S7H 6 97U
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 05
September 7 15 7 12*4 7 05 7 Co
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SOBNIO RAILWAY
•nrJ^? 8 -,? a 2- Fr * n c*»co via Sausallto Ferry:
Br^m. > Te iT8 1 " a .*« IL n».. l:« and 5:15^ m.
SL-NDAYS^.S. 9. 10, 11 a. in., 1:30, 2:30 p. m.
vvvtr £lv3S3^L t Z Suramlt and "turn. $1 40.
NEW TAVERN OP TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
BAILBOAIJ TRAVEL.
Santa. Fe
Trains
Go'
Antlocb — 9AM 4:10 P M 8PM
Bakersfield - . 9 A M 8 PM
Chicago — 9 AM
Denver. ....9 AM
Fresno 9AM 8 PM
Hantord.... 9 AM 8 PM
Joliet 9AM i
KansasCIty. .9 AM
Leaven worth- 9 AM
Merced 9 AM 8 PM
Newton.... 9 AM
Phoenix.... 9 AM
Stockton — 9AM 4:10 PM 8pm
Tulare 9 AM 8 pm
Visalia 9 AM 8 PM
Williams...- 9_AM
A Ne\v_Route.
628 Market Street and Ferry Depot.
94108 '
AUCTION SALES
NEW YORK AUCTION CO.
12O BATTERY STREET.
J. GOLLGBER. President.
Will Sell at Public Auction
1500 TENTS! . 1500 TBKT3 ! 1500 TBNT3 !
ASSORTED.
ON PREMISES, 112 CLAY ST.. ON SATUR-
DAY. JULY 7, at 10 o'clock a. m.. in lots ta
suit. On inspection Friday. July 6. from 2 to
6 p. m. NEW YORK AUCTION CO..
_^ Auctioneer*.
RAILKOAD TBAVEL.
woraaKi piviric caarini
lr*ciri<> byvtkm.)
Tr*tm» !••»»•• «»•« »". .in. •• arrive) ••
MAN riUKCIMro.
(Xain Line. Foot of Market Street.)
LSATX — FRua BlAT 13. 13C0. — tltm
•7:00a Benlda, Sultan, EUaira, TsariUa,
It iidscj au<l Macrameoso *7i43»
•TiOOa Shasta Eiprcsa— D»tU W U!I»it.« (for
Bart!-:t gpiiogs). Willows, Rod
bluff. l*i>rt.jkiiX *7i*3»
•7 tS:» » M tninez. >%:. lUmon, 7allejo, N»pa,
l.'»Jia'i j»»Mii S»nf,» Koia *8t:ir
*S:OOa Pi»!j, Wnodiand. Kuighta Laodlatf,
Mjrjs.ille, «>r.»»lil«. *7i«3r
¦81OO4 AUantio klxprrsa-Ogdeai and East Ml: 13*
• »>;eo« 8an Jose. Litermorw, liturit-in,
lone. .HaerauiPiuo, PlaerTTlUe,
MarjSflUi. Chico. Had IllutI Mil3r-
•ft>3O* Oak.'* -. Chlueaa (Jar Yosemite).
Hiuura. Carters. •4il.lv
¦9:00* U\j*ai !t. Nlltssnd Way Stations. •! ll«3*
*tt:OVa Lea Angeles Express — Martlnes*. '
Tncr. t-athrop. mockton. Moreod
• ltd Fre«no •«!«*»
•!>:.t"»» Viill-J •. Mu'Jiwi »n.l Way Stations •Oi«1»
• IO:Oi»» The OreiUnd Umlied— Ojden. Dan-
ter, Omaha. Chicago "Bi*3r
•11:00* Nil-*. Litsriuore. Stockton. S*er%-
raru'- Mendota. LUnford. YUaiU.
PorturTiila Mill,
•it-.nOM HaywurUn, Nile* and War Stations. "2 i-l 3 #
fl:<M»r Ha?r»men*ti I ti ? «r Stonmen... ...... f3:O<>«
•SiltUp Haywards. Kiles aud Way .luiloai. *ai»,"k r
•4iWUr Martiiw*. Hau IUioon. V«ll«]o.
N*P». C»ll»t:>x*. Nn>tta tinea *Wll«a
•4i0Or B«niol». Winters. HacraaieMOk
Woodland. KHl«hU Ijujdui.
MariirilU, Orovllle •IO:«S«
•¦ttBOr Niles, San Jose and Sto.-ktos *?il«|»
•3:««rTho Owl I.i.iilted — 1 r»c». Freaoo.
!Uli5r»a-! J. Haugua for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Augelea. "•¦13*
•9>00r Fresuo l'*»*e: g-r— Mutlars. Lath*
rop. Btookton. MrrcoiL BeioaJ*
(KaymonJ for Yosemlte). Kruno.. Mails*
•Si3OrKe<r jriraot Express— ItukerBilold.
Uauta 3:«rli*i». l.<j« Anc#!es. D«m*
Ing. El Faia, New Orleans aud
East •••«a
•5i3»p H»nt« r o Uouta — A tl&utlo Kxpreas
for Moj«.« and Kasi *<li43»
*ftflOp lUywiriU. Kilesaudften Jqii *7il.»*
Ittionr vJle]o ..Mi.nr
•OiO«r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Chejeau*.
Omaha. Chicago *Ili4S*
•«<OOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Omatia. Chicago *4i!3»
t7iOOr Vallejo. Fort Coiita and Way 8la-
tiuns t«:33f
••¦•3r Oregunand CallfirnU Kxpreas.Ma«»
nnu»it». M*r»m*llr. IteMiug.
Port;»n.l. I'nict .Sound and Kai> *•*!»»
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Uaagt).
(foo>of Murkot Str»e».)
t7*4Sa Bant* Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way 8taiiona tSiMr
*ltlSA Nai»ark,l>ut*rvi:ie..S»i>.I.)«e. Ffllton,
Boulder Oreek.Santa Cms »od Way
BUtlona ••i3»»
t*t!3P Newark Canlerrill«. E«ti Jose, N»w
Almanen, Fsltos, Hcnldsr Creek,
Santa Crux and Prindpal Way
Stations t>«> A *«
•«:l."»p Newark. Han Jose. LosGatos •*¦*¦,»
av4tlS> Olenwood. Folton. Hanta Crum «*i3»a.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrialll n i IC1SC0— f«i »' Market StrtiKSlUD—
•7:15 t:00 11:00 %.M. tl:03 "8:33 !3:Q0
•|:C3 tB:S3 'JiCJr.M.
Il«aO»IU»a~f ( »l (f3ri<iwiT.— *6;00 8:00 1000*. «.
tl3:C3 '1:03 t2:C3 «3:S3 ti:Q8 '»:0Qf.la.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Uaage).
(Thlril in d Townsend Sta.)
t«il*A Ocean View, South Han Framdseo.. KiMt
t7i*»A Hau Jose and Way Sutii>ua (New
Alinadan Weduesdajs snly) •liSt*
(7ia>Oa 8nn<'.*y Excursion for Ban Joaa.
Hanta Cm, Padfle Gtoto and
Principal Way Sutioas...~ Z»«53»
**iOOa Man Jeie. Tres Plnos. HauU Crui.
Pacliio Gtarr*, Pano Knbles. Saa
I.uls ()l>Utn>. Purf, Lompoo and
l'riitelpal W«r Sutlum •«:!•*
•li»iio» Ban Jose and Wsy .Stations **!3-?a
*IIi3O* HanJoss.LoaGatoaaiiilWayHtattont *3iSar
t'-irfftr Hun Matm>. Hedwooi]. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. 8aii Juse.
Tree Plnos. Hanta Urnz. Salinas.
Montarej aiul Pacine OroT« f'":^"*
t«::ti»r San Jose at.d Way Stations •7i3»p
(4:l5r Sao Joss and Principal W»y Stations *9:I3a
f3:OOr8an Jo«». Los Gatos and Principal
WayStatlODS fViOOa
•StSSp Ran Jos9 «n1 IVIncipil Way Station* t":3-l*
•at.tor San Jose and W^y Stations t»««»*
>ll:-l.^r 3aa Josaand Way Stations *7:3Bf
A for Uorntug P for Afternoon. '
•Dally. t Sunday eie«pt«J. J Sanday only.
6 Saturday only.
• totuxdw and 8anrt«? c 8nndas> aodl mmrtjt-f
CAL1F02NIA NOETDVESTERN BY. CO.
loE3S33
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO BAM RAFAEL.
WKEK DAYS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 ¦» m.; 12:33.
S:SO. 6:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdajrs— Extra trip
at 11:20 o. m. Saturday a— Extra tries at I'M
and 11:30 d. m.
BUNDAT8— 8:00. »J0. U:0O a- tauj 1:30l t:3CL
S:CO, 8:29 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:19. T:6flt »^a. U:10 a. m.; 12-43.
>:49. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trim at
1:C5 and «:35 rx m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. •:«, U:1D a. m.| 1:10. »:ia.
5:03. 6:25 p. m.
Eetweea San FVancisco and Scimetzea Par*
lame schedule* aa above.
lsfa.v* I la Effect. 1 Arrtr*
Ban Francisco. (Apr. IS, 1900.] San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I I Sun- I We«k
_ Days. [ flaya. [ D«atlnatloo.l day. 1 Day.
7:30 am ! S:C0 atm Nonbx 110:40 ajnt 1:40 ara
1:30 pm i 9:30 am Petaluma. (-.03 pmMOJS am
»:10pra I 8:00 pm Eanta Ro«a. T:« pmj t:2Q pa,
Fulton.
T^M am. . "Windsor. la-a -~
Healdsbarsr.
Lytton.
O«yservlH«.
t^Opm >rffl»m Clovcnlala. TaSpm t:»pn
T:S0 ami I Hopland I 110-25 am.
»:S0pm! 8:00 ami and TJlitah. ] T;3» pm| «:«>pm.
T:»)am lfl;M am
S:CO am Gusra*Til!». 735 pm
t:S0pm t-.tOym.
1:Zi ara 8:00 am Sonoma »:15 am S:43aa
! and
1:10 pm t.-OO pm Qlen EIl«n. 6:05 pm 9M pa
T:30 ami 8:00 ami |h>:40 am|10:t5 an
3:80 pxn| 5:C0 pm! Sebastopol. | 7:3S pm! «:20 pm.
Etacea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weat
Springs and White Sulphnr Sprinsi; at Pulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for I/ytton Springs • at
Oeyserville for SkaetTs Sprints: at C!o'verdal«
for the Oeysers: at Hopland for Dunc&a
Spring-'. Highland Sprtnps, Kelsvyviri*. Carl*.
bad Sprtngrs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Eprlnsa; at Uklah for Vlohy Sprtars. Saratoga
Sprinffs. Blue L *t«. Laurel Dell Lalce, Witter
Sr*lnzs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Vallev
John Day's. Riverside. UeTlrr*a, Bueknaira!
Banhef In Heights. Kultvliia. Orr*a Hot
Eprinzs. Mendoeino Ctty. Tort Brarr We^t-
port. Usal. WJllltj. LaytonvUle. Cuannirs.
Ball's Bprinrs. UarrU. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Kurflta. *
Saturday to Mo«diy ronnd trio tickets a*
reduced, rates.
On Sunday ronnd trip tldratJ to all Bofnti ¦
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates. *"««¦
Ticket offlcM. «S0 Market at.. Chronic]* bld«_
H. C. W1TITTXG. R. X. RTAJI
General Manas. er. O«n. Pass. Ajsnt.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry. ,
Conmenclna" April 23, 13O.
FROM BAN FRAN'CISCO TO MILL \IUTTr^
AND SAN RAFAEL. "^^^J
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. -8:30. 9:30. 11-00 «. ~ .
1J:45. 1:4i. J:15, 4:13, »5:15. «:lj «-« "^ ™ *
EXTRA TRIPS-ifor Mill Valley a^dS..
Rafael, on Mondays Wedne»d ay> Saturday
and Sundays, at 9:C<i and U:2J p. m lurdaya
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:CO. •9:00. 1&-00 ll-ea 11 ,.
awja.; U:«. 'l:^ 2:80. •»* iTob. 1 ,^
a. m. doe. not ran to San Rafa^i Sua.
Traina marked (•) rnn to San Orient!* !
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BANmvrr^ *
WEEK DAYS-5-.35. •»:». 7:» l"o vS?? 0 *
m.; 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. »J:30. 4:30. B-ja a ™ U **
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays ' -Sm^l^
acd Saturday., at HM and K>:20 nT *********
6UNDAYS-«:15. »8:0O. »9:50. •11-OOa. . ... «w
m.: 1U!O. 2:15. »S:30. 4:S0t •&:«. «iSC" 7?^ g;2
Tratna marked <•) start from San On««.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SANFRavpVSv*
WEEK DATS-5:Si «:«, g CO «-a i?^
m.: 12:33. 1:C. 2:43. t:30. 4:50 B -20 T* i? :M *"
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays S'^L^,
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10-»o t/ m e * <Uy *
SUNDAYS-«:35, 3:05 10:05. 11*10^L ..
l:». 2:39. 1:45, 4:^, »:"l5. 7^5 10 3o"r> i U:UL
THROUGH "TRAINS: P> "*
tio'r^ *• "• Week «« way rt «^
tion" "" D * Saturtay — <*»de ro and way „».
Po 6 ,^ Rey«" a^^VVK^ 1 «C.pUd^
«o« "" "• Sua^*-«««»«l«ro and way «».
rtatloU* "" Sunaay — Pola * »W *ad wa,
/^"^ P£:. Gibb011 ' s JDIspeiisary,Botkin Is Discharged.
I Beverley B^tkln. son of Mrs. Cordelia
iBotkln. who was arrested early Wednes
day tnornirpr for disturbing the peace on
Alason street, near Market, appeared be
fore Js:fig-e Conlan yesterday. Aft*>r hear
ing the ev5der.ee I be Judge dismissed the
ca.se, as the joung man said he was cele-
Vrating the Fourtl- and did not mean to
disturbing anybody's peace.
Charged With GrandTarceny.
- Tony Graber and ; William Madden were
arrested for vagrancy Tuesday. .Yester
day they, were booked at the City: Prison
on a charge of grand larceny. They are
accused of stealings gold : watch, chain
and .locket from Adolph Rindell, 206 Steu
art street, on June 30. ' Rindell identified
them In prison yesterday morning.- -
; . V ¦ ¦ ¦ .¦¦.'":•-'•¦¦ V'4
Blaze Causes Small Loss.
Fire broke out early this morning in a
two-story frame building used as a lodg
ing house and owned by George Alfritz
at 503 Montgomery avenue. . An alarm
was turned in by Officer W. E. Dlnan and
the fire department /*odn had the blaze
under control. The .fire originated In the
roof and was caused by a falling rocket.
The damage amounts to $500. The Anchor
Drug Store next door was also damaged
$100.
MADE SURE
OF* A SEAT
WZOLLAR, a rich planter
who lives in Panama,
0 wants to go to the Or
pheum on July 15, and
fearful that he. will not get a seat
right under the feet of the dancers
and. the singers, he has ordered
tickets in advance from his far
off plantation home.
The following is a letter received
yesterday § by George Meyer, the
man back of the Orpheum box
office ¦window:
PANAMA. June IS.
My Dear Mr. Meyer: A few months
Hoi was in San Francisco and taw
your play and I liked it very much.
I would have liked it still better' If I
had had a *eat near the stage. I hope
to be In San Francisco about the mid
dle of July and I send you' the money
for two seats j for . the evening .ot ¦ July
15. Have them near the stage as pos
sible. I will call for them soon; as I
arrive. : I remain .- your .- most ! attentive
and obedient servant, :_. " W. ZOLLAR. -
P.8.— Here it is. very warm. How, is
it In San Francisco? . '
The money ; referred to -is In the
form of ; eight tiny "silver coins,
hardly, larger in s diameter; than : an
ordinary pencil. The Value^of each
coin Is one-fourth real , :• a freal be
ing worth 12% cents Mexlconmon-,
ey. Of course, the don "will get his
seats,' but what the Orpheum peo
ple ; want j to , know . is, will . he go.
rlght^home again- after,' the "per-:
formance?-' -, :
WALTER WALTERS IS
M PUZZLE TO HAZEN
Player of Counterfeit Nickels Trav
eled Under an Assumed Name
and Lived Weil.
Waltrr Walters^ recently of Santa Rosa.
is somewhat of an enigma to Secret Ser
vice Agent Kaz^n. He is a well dressed,
active and Intelligent young man, and
thus far has rot taken Mr. Hazen into
his confidence except to impart the in
formation that he came to this city from
tiie East a Fhort time ago and that he had
fae»n employed in the East In hotels in
GifTTcnt capacities. »'
Mr. lifezen's complaint against Walters
ppecJJies twenty counterfeit nickels, som^
of which had been played by the prisoner
in nickH-in-the-flot machines in <Santa
Rora, arid some of which were found In
his pockets at tho time of his arrest.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
oock yesterday wt next Tuesday morn
ing at 10 o'clock as the time for the ex
am'.nation. and fixed the bail at $1T/)O.
The Secret Service people think they
have a sure case against Walters, but
he is a problem to them otherwise. They
have not been able, thus far, to learn
anything of his historv. They believe,
however, that Walter Walters Is an as
f«niK) name, and they have pent photo
erraphs and a description of him to the
l.'nitf-d States secret service; agents in
every State in the Union in order to as
certain whetfier he has *>ver been known
as a counterfeiter. The business of play
irp counterfeit nickels in slot machines
must be a very profitable one, judjrJng
from the fact that Walters wears kooA
"•lothes and seems to have been living in
good style.
sy\ ISS Anna Miller Wood, contralto
f |1 of the First Unitarian Church,
ill 13° s ton, is in the city, and will re
1*1 main until November.
" " Glulio Minetti is spending his
vacation in San Rafael, with a weekly in
termezzo of city lessons.
Bernard Mollenhauer is now in Mexico,
where he will appear in concert. It was
Mr. Mollenhauer's first Intention to go to
New York, but he decided to visit Mexico
first. He will, however, adhere to the
original plan, so far as a short season In
New York go^s.
Mme. Billoni-Zifferer is enjoying a va
cation in San Rafael. She will stay two
months.
Charlfs G. Buck Is spending his vaca
tion in Oregon, with a fishing-rod.
Little Paloma Sehramm and her small
sister have gone to Yosemite for a short
season. They are accompanied by their
parents.
Professor Louis Lisser and Mrs. Lisser
have gone to Gualala, Mendocino County,
for the summer. It is expected that they
will return earlv In August.
Samuel Adelstein has gone to Shasta
Springs for the summer.
In regard to the very nice question of
the approximate values of a vocal per
formance — Intonation, expression and the
rest— W. S. B. Matthesrs, editor of Music,
gives this month a most interesting table,
compiled according to his own judgment
of these relative worths. This has often
been attempted before, but with hardly
the exactitude here displayed, and, as Mr.
Matthews says, this table has to do with
the purely musical elements of a perform
ance, leaving out of sight such extraneous
qualities of impression as stage presence,
and the like. The table is hero appended:
Merit of selection m
Musical quality 10
Suitability to individual 10
Tone production .". - 30
Intonation IS
Tone quality >J5
Interpretation 30
Phrasing ..:.. ...10 !
Musical conception 10
Dramatic conception 10 :•
Enunciation f. - 20
Distinctness 10
Dramatic expression 10
'¦: Total ......100
With the exception of the last dis
tinction, "dramatic expression," which
seems hardly to differ sufficiently from j
"dramatic conception." one Involving the .
other— the table is thoroughly useful, in i
calling attention to the very various
points of view from • which the simplest
song may be Judged.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Mstcalf Club to Organize.
OAKLAND. July 5.— The Younsr Men's
Metcalf Club will be publicly organized
Saturday evening at Fraternal Hall. 1158
Washington street. There will be music
and speechmaking. The call has been la
sued by W. H. Chlckerlng and Frank
Barnett.
Two Couples "Wedded.
OAKLAND, July 5.— Chesley Earle Cot
tie and Gertrude Pearl Hansen. both of
Stockton, were married to-day by Judge
Mortimer Smith. This evening the same
official celebrated the marriage of Louis
Kihlmeyer of this city and Miss Amy
Rettig of Alameda.
MRS. MARY W'KISE.
mRS. MARY WEISE and her
neice. Miss Teresa Hodes, nar
rowly escaped being the victims
of a flre started in their borne
at Sixteenth and Mission street9 on the
night of the Fourth.
Mrs. Weise was seated upstairs when
she smelt something burning. On going
down to the basement she was almost
suffocated by clouds of smoke which is
sued from the doorway. By dint of a
garden hose she succeeded In quelling the
flames, which originated in a doormat
soaked with kerosene and placed under a
chute leading into the kitchen.
Mrs. Welse then sent her niece down
to the place where Weise works to tell
him of what had happened.
On her ¦way there Miss Hodes was ac
costed by a woman, who asked her if
there had been a fire at the Weise house.
On being told it, was so the woman
stepped up to a man loitering near and
together they walked away talking ear
nestly.
When the Fire Department made an In
vestigation footmarks were found in the
soft earth of the yard, apparently left by
the man who started the fire. Fire Mar
shal Towe thinks the two people who ac
costed Miss Hodes knew , a good deal
about it, and ho is making an effort to
apprehend them.
George D. Metcalf Returns.
OAKLAND, July 5.— Attorney George
D. Metcalf has returned from' a five
¦weeks' visit to the East. During his ab
sence Mr. Metcalf visited the Naval Acad
emy at Annapolis, where his son. Martin
K. Metcalf, is a member of the third
class. He also attended the reunion of
his old class at Yale. Forty-three grad
uates attended the anniversary celebra
tion. *
Y. M. I. Elects Officers.
OAKLAND. July 5.— Oakland Council
No. 6. Young Men's Institute, has elected
the following named ofi^cera for the en
suing year: Past president, A. D. Me-
Kinnon; president. D. J. Hallahan; vice
presidents. John J. McDonald and T. J.
Gallagher; treasurer. J. O. Kennedy; mar
shal, William F. Duddy; financial secre
tary. H- H. Hammond; corresponding sec
retary, George P. Clark: outside sentinel,
W. F. Neary; inside sentinel. H. E. Happ;
honorary chaplain. Rev. Michael King:
chaplain. Rev. Father Dolan: executive
committee. A. D. McGovern, John Lynch
and P. J. Flynn; delegate to grand coun
cil, A. D. McKlnnon.
BIG NURSERY BURNED
* IN BLAIR PARK FIRE
OAKLAND, July 5.— During the serious
fire In Hays' Canyon yesterday back of
Blair Park the Shepherd nursery was de
stroyed. J. Shepherd, his son, Joseph Has
seler of Alameda and Otto Van Bergen,
residing at 1SC6 Dolores street, San Fran
cisco, had a hard fight with the flames
and were forced by heat and smoke to
retreat, leaving the flre to burn the nur
sery hothouses to the ground. The Ios3
to Shepherd was several thousand dol
lars.
OAKLAND, July 5.— The committee ap
pointed last February by St. Andrew's
Society, Albion Lodge and Clan Macdon
ald to raise money for the widows and
orphans of the British soldiers who net
death In South Africa Jias reported that
a total of J10TO was realized by subscrip
tion and the benefit concert at the Mac
donough Theater. The money will go to
swell the London Mansion House Relief
Fund.
MONEY FOR BRITISH
WIDOWS AND ORPHANS
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 5.
Just as Matthew Whitfleld was sinking
for the last time in a deep hole in Ala
meda Creek near Sunol yesterday Charles
Mitchell of 918 Center street. J Oakland,
Jumped from his wheel and plunging in
to the water brought the lad safely to
shore. It waf- a hard struggle, for the boy
fought desper-itely, but Mitchell finally
bfoOght him safely out. and saved his life.
The Whitfleld boy is fourteen years of
rw. He had ridden over from the Mission
Fan Jose, where, he livesi; with his two
brothers to attend the Fourth of July cele
bration at Pleasanton. On the way they
found a cool pool in one of the bends of
Alameda Creek, and decided that they
would take a little swim in the heat, of
the day.
The boys couid^sTriin but little, and
when Mattnew stepped into a deep hole
thai was over his head, and began to
sink, he was helpless. His brothers were
unable to go to his aid, and stood upon
the bank shouting helplessly for aid.
Charles Mitchell and Julius Brunning
wert riding by en their wheels, and ran
to the water's edpe to see what the
trouble might be. Alitcheli saw the Whit
field boy was .'-inking, and plunging into
the pool he finally brought him to shore.
The toy was so far gone that It was
more than half an hour before he recov
ered. V
Matthew Whitfteld "Was Sinking for
the Last Time When the Brave
Rescuer Made His Oppor
tune Appearance.
Charles Mitchell Saves a
Liffe in the Waters of
Alameda Creek.
JUMPS FROM A
WHEEL TO HELP
DROWNING BOY
BKRKELET. July 5.— Marian Mel. the
10-year-o!d daughter of Lieutenant John
Mel of I<H Linden avenue, Oakland, uar-,
ir)wiy escaped drowning in an abandoned
well yesterday, and was only rescued
v.-hen she had sunk for the third time by
Gfjrge L. Wilcox, the photographer.'
Little Marian and several playmates, in
charpe of Mrs. Mel a«d Mrs. W. C. B. de
Frcmery. had gone into the hilis back of
the ur.lvtri-ity buildings for a picnic. The
children romped hither and thither
through the bushes, enjoying their out
inr. About noon the children wandered
down toward StrawlK-rry Crpok and were
making: merrily throug-h Che undergrowth,
when Marian suddenly disappeared. She
had fallen into an cid well, the top of
which was overgrown with blackberry
vines. In parting them she did not no
tice the opening; and plunjred head fore
most into the water, of which then? was
eight feet, the surface being twelve feet
from the top of the well.
As the little Rirl disappeared her play
mates lan for assistance. By chance they
met Mr. .Wilcox. who was returning from
s dairy near by with some milk. They
told of the accident and he at first paid
no attention to them, thinking it some
childish prank. Quickly realizing, how
ever, that they were in earnest, he hur
ried to the well.
The little firl had gone down for the
third time wh^n Wiloox plunped into the
water tp save her. He dragged thp little
cn<» ouf-of the well and resuscitated her.
The mother of the chili was »*oon on the
scene, and aft«»r thanking Mr. Wilcox has
tened home with her daughter.
Saved From Drowning.
BERKELEY. July 5— David II. Coey. a
rejident of Berkeley, rescued a man
r.crred Joseph Humphrey from drowning
in the Piedmont baths last night. Hum
phrey, who could not Fwim. fell from the
rcil "on the side of the tank into deep
v.-ater. As h«* went down for the third
time Coey p!unged after him, and, after
consideraV.le struggling succeeded, with
the assl5tar.ee of Mr. Moore, the swim
ming teacher, in piloting him to the
ptairs and out of the tank.
Plunged After Little Girl Who Had
Tumbled Into Abandoned
"Water Hole on Univer
sity Grounds.
Marian Mel Rescued by the
Daring Work of Photog
rapher Wilcox.
SAVED A CHILD
FROM DROWKING
IN A DEEP WELL
SANTA ROSA, July 5.— Another good
card was put up by the Breeders to
day. The attendance was not so large
as yesterday. Interest was keen and con
ditions favorable to good sport.
The first event was a match race be
tween the Santa Rosa Stock Farm's bay
mare Pansy Russell, by Russell, out of
Pansy, and James Coffin's Mack McCIel
lan mare Lillith. The local mare took
the first heat in 2:30. but the next two
went to Lillith in 2:23% and 2:17ft.
- The second race was also a special
match. Like the first it was for a purse
of $100 a side, best two in three. The en
tries were the Santa Rosa Stock Farm's
bay mare Stambouletta and the Ven
dome Farm's Linda Oak. Stambouletta
went around the first trip in 2:27, taking
the heat, but the Vendome entry cap
tured the second and third and took the
race, In 2:23^ and 2:21%, respectively.
The. third race was a 2:14-claa3- trot,
stakes $500. Some good entries showed on
the card. Dairaont, William Hogoboom's
bay gelding, and S. W. Barstow'a Claii'
dius appeared as favorites. Daimont took
first, second and fourth heats in 2:10%.
2:12% and 2:17, Claudius stepping in ahead
in the third heat in 2:15%.
The fourth race was the Breeders' Fu
turity stakes, $S40, for three-year-old
pacers, mile heats, three in five. Santa
Rosa Stock Farm named the bay filly
Vilita, I. L. Borden sent up his chestnut
colt N I- B (Kingsbury), Hogoboom had
the brown cold Waldstein Jr., and C. A.
Owen was on hand with his bay colt Da
ken r>/ The tussle was between N L B
and Daken D, and some very pretty work
was put up. The last heat was a beauty,
Daken, N L B and Vilita coming down
side by side. Daken took three straight
heats in 2:21, 2:16«£ and 2:20. / %
The fifth race, a special 2:24 trot, was
won by G. Wempe's black gelding Dola
dor. Bobby J, the black gelding entered
by J. B. Dalziel. took the first heat in
2:*24Vi. but, Dolador took the next three
straight, winning the race and winding
up the day's programme. Summaries:
Special match, purse $100 a side, mile heats,
tv/o In three.
Lllltth, Secretary by McClellan (Castello).2 1 1
Pansy Russell (Abies) 12 1
Time-2:30, 2:23*i. 2:27Vi.
Match, purse J100 a side, mile heats, two in
three.
Linda Oak, Guy Wilkes-Ydrel (Bunch)....! 1 1
Stambouletta (Abies) 1 2 2
Time— 2:27, 2:23^4, 2:21*i.
2:14 class trot, stakes J000, mile heats, three in
nve.
Daimont, Lynmont-Daisy (Hogoboom).l 1 41
Claudius (Barstow) 2 3 j 3
Bonsaline (Sanders) 5 522
Hobo (Hasten) ..3 43d
Boydello - (IjafTerty) 4 2 <j
Time— 2:10y 2 . 2:12*4. 2:15V*. 2:17.
Breeders" Futurity stakes, $840. fcr three-year
old pacerF, mile heats, three in five.
1'akf n D,"- Ashadon - Zada McGregor
(Owens) ..1 1 1
N L B <Lafl>rty) 2 2 3
Vlllta (Abies) 3 3 2
AValdsteln Jr. (Hoicoboom) •» ..a
Time— 2:21, 2:16VS, 2:20.
Special, 2:24 class trot, purse $250, mile heats
thr^e in five. ' ;-;¦> .
Dolador, out of Duly XutWood (Robert- -
son) .....2 111
Bobby 'J (Cascello)...... ...1 '2 2 2
Algonetta (Nelson). 4^* 4 5
A <i (McDonald) 5% 3 3
Belle Patchen (Ward) .-.- 3 5 5-4
Tlme-2:J4%. 2:20. : 2:21, 2:25.
Another Good Card Is Put Up by the
Breeders and Large Crowds
Enjoy the Day's
Sport.
Vendome Farm's Linda Oak
Outtrots Stambouletta in
a Match Contest.
SPECIAL RACE
WON BY LILLITH
AT SANTA ROSA
Mrs. Mary Weise's Plucky
Fight to Save Her
Home.
WENT DOWNSTAIRS
AND FOUND THE
BASEMENT AFIRE
D. Dillon's clever young dog Dew Drop
went through the midweek reserve stake
at Union Coursing Park with flying. colors.
No one looked for the game youngster to
get so far down on the card and in the
early morning 15 to 1 was the price quot
ed in the long odds hook . against his
chances. As the stake progressed Dew
Drop was put to long and severe tests,
but responded gamely. In the deciding
round against Controller the winner was
givt n a hard run and made point for point
against his opponent. With the score 6 to
6 Dew Drop won the course and likewise
the stake by getting the kill. The staying
qualities exhibited by Dew Drop excited
the admiration of the knowing ones and
a good future is predicted for tne eighteen
months old sen of Sly Boy. There la
nothing in the sire's coursing record
which has shown such a staying disposi
tion as yesterday's work of Dew Drop.
Controller,' the runner-up, put up a
clever performance and repeated the work
of his sister, Bohe, in Wednesday's stake
by reaching the same position.
E. M. Kellogg's Hummer made a good
showing and reached the fourth round,
where she fell before the all-conquering
Dew Drop. Hummer has been laid off
for some time and little was expected of
her at her reappearance yesterday. In the
lirst round she beat Erin's Jlope, allowing
Hope to score but one point to her six.
She was drawn against Cascade in the
next go and the talent thought her long
lay-off and Cascade's recent clever ¦work
was too strong a handicap and quoted 5
to 1 against her. She got the flag after a
long race, too long for Cascade, who would
have won on a short, hare or an earlier
kill. Against Winning Lassie Hummer to
the joy of the pikers, got the decision in
a long, course. Score 11 to 8, odds 4 to 1.
The best short end.* were: Beau Peep
beat .Yellow Tail 3 to 1. Nancy R beat
Naughty Girl 3 to 1. Lady Gllmore beat
Sweet Music 3 to 1, Firm Foe beat Hurri
cane 2 to 1. Controller beat Shootover 2
to 1 and Wild Tralee 2 to 1.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Midweek reserve stake, first round— D. K Car
ter's High Jinks beat Gua Abercrombie's Irma
5-3; J. O'Dowd's Shootover beat T. J. Cronln's
DalsyTTale. S-l: \V. C. Glasson's Santonin beat
J. H. W. Mutter's Cruiser. 7-1; J. H. PeriRo's
Controller beat Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas. 12-4;
R. P. Julian's Sweet Music beat J. E. Mona
lmn's Tired Out. 9-1; E. M. Kellofrg'n Lady
GUmore beat Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin.
3-2; D. Dlllcn's Prince Oeorge beat H. A. Deck
elman's Ruby Rocket, 6-3; E. Geary's America
i>eat J M.- Halton's Tic Tac, 3-1; Maher &
Reid's Singleton beat J. E. Monahan'a Tar o*
Hill. S-2; J. Hurley's O K Capitol beat Cap
tain Clarkson's Flower of Gold. 4-2: J. Smith's
Master Workman beat G. Welch's Little Lucy.
7-3; W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells beat J. Car
roll's Bluestone. 8-5; W. J. Cairnc'g Imperial
beat A. Van den • Burg's Kittle V, 5-0; J,
Byrnes' Elevenspot beat J. Dennis" October
Woodcock. 5-0; N., Desgr's Beau Peep beat P.
C. micks Yellowtall. 4-3; T. J. Cronin's Wild
Tralce beat B. F. Jackson's Turquols. 8-3: E.
Geary's Ronnie Pasha beat D. Toland's Hard
Lines. 3-2; J. J. Edmonds 1 Morning Glory heat
R. Robins* Coronndo. 4-1; H. A. Deckelman's
Snapshot beat J. Carroll's Red Hind. 6-0; Er
wtn & Lyons' Sliver Lyon beat A. L. Austin's
Nora Lawrence. 6-2: J. Byrnes' Olympus i beat
George Buehn's Aloha. 6-1: Pasha Kennels'
Round About beat P. Dingle's Stortn King, 6-0;
H..W. RIke's Nancy R beat J. Byrnes' Naughty
Girl, 7-5; J. Byrnes' Battleship beat Sterl &
Knowles' Frosty Morn. 5-3; J. Hurley's Shy
lock-Boy beat J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson,
12-7: J. J. Kenny's Winning Lassie beat P. C.
Blick's La Rosa- Souvenir. 3-2: E. M. KellogR's
Hummrr beat James Carroll's Erin's Hope,
6-1; P. C. O'Dowd's. Cascade beat J. Segsrerson'a
Gold Hill. 6-2; A. Ii Austin's Los Angeles bent
J. J. Edmonds' Go On. 12-6: D. Dillon's Dew
drop beat J.J.'.Edmonds'. Whisky Hill. 3-1; A.
L. Austin's Firm Foe beat R. Strahl's Three
Cheers, 10-5; J, Hurley's Hurricane beat E.
"Frank's Loiterer. 3-2.
Second round — Shootover beat High Jinks. 6-1;
Controller beat Santonin, 3-2: Lady Gllmore
beat Sweet MufIc, • 3-2;- America • beat Prince
Georjre. 4-3; OK Capitol brat Singleton. 4-1;
Sleigh Eells beat Master Workman. C-4: Eleven
spot beat Imperial, 5-3; Wild Tralee beat Beau
Peep, 6-0; Morn'.ns: Glory beat . : Bonnie , Pasha.
3-0; Snapshot beat Silver Lyon, 5-0;. Round
About beat Olympus, 8-3; Battleship beat Nancy
R. 4-2; Winning Lassie beat Shyiock Boy. 6-2;
Hummer- beat Ca*e*de. 12-":, Dew Drop beat
Los Angeles,_5-0: Firm Foe beat Hurricane, 6-5.
Third round— Controller "beat Shootover. 5-1;
Lady Gilmore a bye;; OK Capitol beat Sleigh
Bells, 10-5; Wild Tralee beat Elevenspot. 3-2;
Snapshot beat • Morning Glory. 3-2; - Battleship
beat -Round » About,' ¦> 3-1; Hummer beat Win
ning Lassie. 11-8; Dew Drop beat Firm Foe. 8-2.
Fourth round— Controller beat ; Lady 'Gilmore.
7-3: Wild Tralee beat O K Capitol. ,8-1; Battle
ship beat Snapshot. : 6-1 : Dew -Drop beat Hum
mer. : 6-0. -v , ¦ ;• ¦:¦ --;'-¦ ¦-- --¦ ' ¦¦' : ¦ , :; -,;:si r"
•Fifth round— Controller beat Wild Tralee, 5-2;
Dew DrCD beat Battleship. 9-5.
•-« Deciding round — Dew Drop; beat ' Control
ler. 8-6. ¦¦; .:.";.:-_ : ...... .
Runs Point and Point With
Controller, Then Gets
the Kill.
• ¦ • •
Hummer After : a Long Lay Off
Shows in Good Form and
Lands Twice at Good
Odds.
By CLEVER WORK
DEW DROP WINS
MIDWEEK STAKE
Oakland Fire Department Collects a
Neat Sum for the Wid$w
and Children.
The members of the Oakland Fire t>e
partment sent to Chief Sullivan yesterday
$66 as their contribution to the Sweeney
fund. The Chief also received the follow-
ing subscriptions:
W. Cunningham, Alameda, 13; Mr. No
ble, J5; employes of Sheriff's office, $51;
H. Hauser, $1; Police Department. $641;
Frank Molloy, $10; Roscoe Stevens. Vet
erans' Home, Xapa, J2 SO; cash, $1. Pre
viously acknowledged, $5593 55; estimated
receipts of Sweeney benefit, $7000. Total,
?13,3S8 05.
Chief of Police Sullivan forwarded the
contribution of $641 from the Police De
partment "as a feeble tribute to his gal
lant deed, with the hope that the fund of
-which it will be a part will be so Judi
ciously applied that the future of thoso
whom he left behind will be properly pro
vided for."
The police were notified yesterday that
a man about 25 years of age was selling
chances on a watch at 50 cents each on
the pretense that it was the property of
Fireman Sweeney and the money was to
go to the fund.
SWEENEY FUND STILL
IS ON THE INCREASE
spouse one thousand dollars to quit
the old homestead, j? She purchased a
ticket, had her trunk checked for San
Francisco, and to this city Ruiz fol
lowed his inamorata.
Before the gullible Mexican ! lover
had been many days in this city he
met West and an opportunity offered
to double his capital. West knew a
footracer named Hennessy, who could
step a hundred as fast as he wanted
to, but unfortunately waa all out, and
would consent to run for a small con
sideration. There was inother "guy"
in town laboring under the delusion
that he had a fast man and perfectly
willing to back him. All that was re
quested of Ruiz was to furnish $500,
which entitled him to the privilege of
naming his own stakeholder.
¦This looked like easy money to Rom
ulo. and he fell. On the crisp morn-
Ing of June 28 a select party of sports
adjourned to a secluded nook in Golden
Gate Park and "a hundred" was
marked off. Something happened at
the click of the gun. the ground then
lost costing the great Hennessy the
race, the great unknown winning
hands down. Just about this time the
Mexican's alarm clockvwent off and in
loud terms he protested, against the
stakeholder paying over the money.
Then, it is charged, the persuasive
powers of West were brought into
requisition, with lurid calcium effects.
Drawing a full-grown Colt's "sixty
six." he used it on the skull of Ruiz
until the latter's jaw showed several
kinds and sizes of dark spots on the
rudely. awakened sun.
Santa Barbara is big enough now for
Ruiz, whither he will journey to write
a book on athletics. He mourns not
the loss of his dollars, but his head is
sore, and not until he sees the polished
promoter in the police court will his
wrath be appeased. In quiet circles it
is claimed West has a "pull," and the
warrant may wear dog-ears before be
ing served.
ASK any old sport and he'll tell
you a sucker is born every min
ute, but that they don't mature
quickly enough. As a sequel to
one more foot race on the "up and
up," a warrant waslssued by Judge
Conlan yesterday for the arrest of
Lewis West, on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon, at the request
of Romulo R. Ruiz, through his attor
torney, \V; D. Grady.
West is described as a clever man
of the world; one with a kindly affec
tion for the rural visitor carrying the
proceeds of the pumpkin crop securely
planted in his left sock, or as a pro
moter of anything or any one that
looks like money. Until he became
smitten 'with the pretty charms of a
barber's wife Romulo Ruiz was a res
ident of delightful, dreamy Santa Bar
bara.
The barber one day became suspi
cious, and as the result of a fiery
three-act scene gave his unfaithful
. C
Romulo Ruiz Backed Footracer Hennessy and Charges
Lewis West With Beating Him With a Gun .
Because He Put in an Objection.
BERKELEY, July 5.— The competitive
examination of candidates for appoint
ment to the United States Military Acad
emy at West Point was begun in the en
gineering building of the University of
California this morning. Professor Frank
Soule. John R. Glascock and Dr. W. P.
Wheeler conducted it.
The committee this morning examined
the applicants, forty In number, as to
their physical fitness. Of the forty, five
were rejected because of physical de
fects, and not permitted to remain for
the remainder of the examination.
It was not until late this afternoon that
the physical examination was completed.
The candidates were then given questions
In reading, writing, arithmetic. Kngiish
grammar, geography and history of the
United States. They will be continued to
morrow. •
Dr. Wheeler in speaking about the ex
aminations said that the candidates who
presented themselves were a splendid lot
of young men, and that the successful
ones would be a credit to the academy
and to themselves. '
FORTY CANDIDATES FOR
WEST POINT ACADEMY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, July 5.
By the timely and heroic effort of Po
liceman E. J. Hahn the lives of six per
sons were saved this morning at a flre
which destroyed the residence of Charles
A. Wagner at 5S09 San Pablo avenue,
Goldtn Gate.
After arousing the occupants of the
burning dwelling and breaking through
the flames to do so Hahn discovered that
an aged visitor with the Wagners, Mrs.
J. Thompson, had not been aroused. The
fire was then well into the house. With
assistance from Wagner the patrolman
crawled through a rear window and made
his way on hands and knees, while half
suffocated by smoke and heat, to the old
lady's bedroom. He aroused the sleeping
woman and carried her back through the
blazing house, safely reaching the win
dow which he had entered. There she was
lowered on a ladder and in a half stupor
was borne to a neighbor's residence.
Hahn discovered the house afire in the
rear shortly after 3 o'clock this morning
while he was on his beat. Quickly giving
an alarm of flre he rushed to the dwell
ing ,which was fast surrendering to the
quickly spreading flames. Wagner and
live others were sleeping in tne house
when the policeman ran through the flre
and got the family started out of their
dangerous predicament. So fast did the
flre spread that not a particle of clothing
or other personal effects were saved. In
deed, it was only by hard effort that the
people were aroused, the flre having
started in the rear of the residence, which
is of two stories.
All of the family were sleeping on the
upper floor and they were forced to stum
ble and crawl through the smoke-tilled
halls and stairways. Wagner's loss is
$3000 and the residence, which is owned
by W. Behlow. is worth as much more.
The fire is supposed to have been caused
by a smoldering skyrocket stick lodged
in a crevice on the roof.
Woman.
Goes Through Smoke and Flame to
Arouse Sleepers and Drags Chit
Half Suffocated an Aged
Policeman Hahn's Heroism
. Is the Salvation of Six .
FAMILY SAVED
FROM DEATH IN
BURNING HOUSE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, July 5.
"While playing around a bonfire near her
home, 10SO East Twenty-second street.
East Oakland. Lillie Carlsen. 10 years old.
the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Fred F.
Carlsen, was terribly burned yesterday
afternoon, her clothing catching flre from
a flying wisp of burning paper.
The child, with her apparel all ablaze,
ran into her house screaming In agony
and ran wildly out again. Her father
heard the cries and rushed to the girl's
'rescue. He grasped her in his arms try-
Ing to smother the flames and was severe
ly burned. Neighbors came to assist and
with wet blankets extinguished the blaz
ing clothing of the two.
The child and father- were taken into
their home and Dr. T. B. Holmes was
called. After first aid had been given
the sufferers the physician's examination
of the burned child's injuries led him to
pronounce them fatal. Her body abov©
the waist and her hands and arms were
terribly Injured. To-day she was said to
be slightly Improved.
ilr. Carlsen was so severely burnetl
about the arms and hands that he will
be Incapacitated from work for weeks
to come.
The accident to the child- waa peculiar.
One of her companions in play about tha
fire threw the fragment of burning paper
Into the air. A gust of wind carried it
against the girl. Before she could sweep
it off her light summery garments had
caught and she was ablaze from head to
feet.
Father Suffers Seriously
Trying to Smother the
Flames.
Clothing.
Lillie Carlsen's Light Garments Set
Ablaze by a Wisp of Paper
Blown Against Her
TEN-YEAR-OLD
GIRL IS BURNED
AT A BONFIRE
PICKED HIS STAKEHOLDER
AND STILL COULDN'T WIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY % 1900.
11
"PECK" EPPINGER IS A
BACHELOR NO LONGER
L PECK EPPINGEB WHO MARRIED MRS. ADDIE SCHIMPF. f
P, PECK EPPIXGER, a popular young
man about town, was married
]| o on June 27 to Mrs. Addle Schimpf.
Although the marriage was a quiet
cne, and while no secrecy was observed
in the ceremony, it was not generally
known in town that Peck Epplngrer, as
he Is called by* his many friends, had
flayed the benedict.
Peck Eppinger has for many years been
one of tlais city's most popular your.g
men. He is of the genial kind that ex
tends acquaintanceship rapidly. When
his host of friends, on whom he has stolen
a march, hear of his wedding there will be
plots and counterplots.
At present Sir. and Mrs. I. Peck Ep
pinger are at Paso Robles visiting Her
man Eppingcr, a brother of the groom.
The wife of Herman Eppinger is a sister
of Mrs. I. Peck Epplnger. After their few
weeks' 6ojourn at Paso Robles Mr. and
Mrs. Eppinger will leave* for Europe on
an extended tour.
Mrs. Eppir.ger was the widow of Charles
Schimpf, formerly connected with the Or
pheum. I. Peck Eppinger is the son of J.
Epplnger, one of the most prominent
grain men in the State, and also a brother
of popular Joe and Herman Epplnger.
GREAT COMIC SECTION
...OUT NEXT SUNDAY,..
i : — >
MY EXPERIENCES IN THE
"BLACK KID" HOLD-UP.
THE By JUDGE BOMANJl. A COLONY
MYSTERY OF = OF GIRLS
DOLOROS WHO
MIRANDA /<" , LIVE ON-
OF ff % 52.5O
WAYFiELD. / In Next \ A WEEK.
GREAT COMIC I . 1 1 I I I fl 1 /i W GREAT C0M »C
SECTION OUT I ifc/MlJLWW' Y fc^l SECTION OUT
AROUND \ VWlI / GENERAL
THE \^ I LAWTON'S
PARIS LAST
EXPOSITION. ¦ CHARGE.
G^Sm VE SAN FRANCISCO SCHOOL H ™^
GIRLS OF MANY YEARS AGO.
TRAINED MONKEY WORKS
AS A FARMHAND.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM AIL
. * - ¦ . . . — —THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BtTSINHPS. OFFICE of The San Franclsci
Cnll. comer of Market and Third streets, opei
until 12 o'clock even' n'.ght In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ZZ1 Montgomery street
comer Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m.
800 Rajnea street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€S> McAllister Ftrcet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission str»et; open until 10 p. m.
rrci Mission Eireet. corner Sixteenth; oper
Until 9 p. tn.
1^6 Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
1C36 Vnlencia street; oren until S p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftrects: or<?n until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG SOTICES.
CALIFORNIA C^mmandery No. I. K *.
T. S Post st.— Regular assembly THIS TgS^
KVKNJNrt. 7:3'i o'clock. All fraters Fj
courteously ln\-ited. Bj- order of the f*g}[
Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YKRBA Bu<>na Lodge cf Perfection No. *¥?*
1 — Ptate'i m<?«-t!ric THIS (FRIDAY) A
EVENING at S o'clock. . »A3\,
GEO. J. HOBE, Pecy. *2s*J*
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O.
;¦ _ ofnoere ;.:ii members are par- ;r * i V!S5>5i^
ticularly n-o,ueste-j to assemble : 2^?J*^S~"
promptly in the^r lodge rooms. ' ' rtv
MEMORIAL HALL, O. F. building, at 7:13
oclock sharp THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING,
July Cth inst.. preparatory to public installa-
tion, which will take place In ASSEMBLY
HALL, entrance on Seventh et.
W. A. LIMDAUGH. N. Q-,
W. F. NOP.i'ROPS. Rec. Sec.
COUNTY Lletrim Social Club — All a.^**,
inereliT* of the above pnclety are re- \a\'Ji
quested to be present THIS (FRI- «>Yf
I>AY) EVENING, at K. R. B. Hall. jMBJBj
1133 Mission St.. at S o'clock. Final r rf~*W
arrancementB will be made for their fortfa-
eomir.fr picnic to be heid at Schuetzen Park.
San Ilafael, on Sunday. July 15.
R. J. O'REILLT. President
P. M. McGUSHIN. Secretary.
REGT'LAR meetins of the Cale- v >.
dorian Club THIS (FRIDAY) 3y, Ch J/j
EVENING at S o'clock at Scottish
Hall. 117 Larkin .st. After routine
business Second Chieftain F. F. FINLAY
¦n-ill pive a reading, subject. "Scottish Char-
acter." ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR, Secy.
ANNUAL meeting— The regulmr annual meet-
ing of the rtockholdera of The San Francisco
and San Jcaquln Valley Railway Company
will b» hf 1J at the office of the company. No.
t?l Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.,' on
TUESDAY, the 17th day of July. 1900, at the
hour of II o'clock forenoon, for the purpose
nt eSectir.if a Doard of Directors to eenre for
the enduing jear. and the transaction of such
ether business es may come before the meet-
Iflg. ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
ACEXTS WAXTED,
BniloTOlT^l^raTT.^Ll?NiTlEIN^Hj^
TO Printing Company, 210 Hayes st
ASTROLOGY.
MRS. Padie Dunn. Feler.tlf.e astrologlst, etrlctly
reilatle en all matters pertaining to life and
hv.sin<*KP; honw^w readings. SI. 2710 Sutter.
AT-OIINKYS AT LAW.
R. W. KIN1, attorney nt law, S27 Market st..
riM->m 027; estate*. damaces. attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaaed on estates.
ADVICE free; divorce law a Fpecialty; private;
r.n fe« without euccesy; collections. G. W.
HOV.'E. any at law. fcoO Market.cor.Stockton.
ADVICE fr»e: no charge unless successful. \V\
W. DAVIDSON, S27 Market st. opp. Mas-on.
L B. CLARK. Emms Fpreckels b!dg.. 927 Mar-
ker st-: muiMlllatSon free; no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
/uTOMOEILE'p^Fred VTARD & SON,
Agents. AC Frrmor.t Et.
BATU CABINETS.
IIOBI.NFON Ji. 4-ranel foldlr.gr: door opens: firm
»rA *afe. IV. S. UROWN. gen, agt.. 42S Ellis.
HELGIAX HARES.
BELGIAN HARES!!
All the popular strains at greatly reduced
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
ASSOCIATION. Alameda. Cal. !
CHOICE PEDIGREED BELGIAN HARES;
ch^ap. IOCS^j Sutter st
COLDEX GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.. 609 Gol-
den Cate ave.. S.F.. 500 rabbits for sale cheap.
HIGH scoring, pedigreed stock, reasonable.
P.oyal P.abbltry. SI4 Golden Gate ave.. S. F.
BOOKS XEW AXD OLD.
eCHOOL UOOKS bought and exchanged'
Holmes nook Co.. 7C4 Mission st. near Third.
nrsixEss ciiakcbs.
A-Ji'rO; ELEGANTLY Cited salocn; established
jva s; in large private hotel; rent $40; location
2 blocks from Market et. R. G. WILKE, 26»» I
Kearny et. j
A— $O»; COFFEE saloon close to Chronicle !
tuilding; a good business; investigate at !
or.-.e. CaH R. <J. WILKE. 26's Kearny St. '
Jl DAT saloon doing a large business: mustl)
liauor trade; fixtures, glassware, etc.; JJOy;
Ftock at invoice, Pauiculars. R. G. WlLKE,
Wli Kearny r.l.
A — K00: COK.NXK rrocery and bar on Brannan
6t. ; rent VZh; living room*: a eood paying
business. Call It. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A-J30U: PARTNER wanted in coffee saloon
and chop house; close to Market Bt. ; a splen-
did offer for the right man. Call K. G.
WILKK. 26'.» Kearny st.
A— $400: CANDY store and factory; close to
1'oweH ar.d Market Ft*.; rent J4U; good pay-
lnc budBeas; fleknees cause of sale. R. O.
1VILKJ3. 2CS lvearny rt-
A— ii'X'd; CORNER jrrocery and bar; established
years and known as a money making place;
bost iocatif n; close to Chronicle building. See
U. <i. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— *3C«0: GHOCEKY and !,sr on iali Bruno
read; living rooms; cheap rent; splendid open-
Ing for en active your.g man; party wishing !
to retirp from business cause of eale. Call I
R. G. WILKE. 26V* Keamy st. I
A-XliOO; CORNKH; wine and liquor utore-; only I
one blnck fmn Market; rent $50; horse,
wapon and a large stock; FflendiJ paying
liuy;ners; disagreement of partners cause of
gale. See H. G. WILKE. 26*i Kearny st. |
A 1 ' BOT>; BEST payinK corner. grocery and bar I
on Hayes st: no rent to pay; a splendid
rhancp. Sc? p.. C. WILKE. 264 Kearny ftJ
j:00— PARTNER wanted in a first-clans saloon
E\ block north of Market: owner leaving for
reps. Cnll li. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
J300O J30M
PARTNER WANTED
rrisomelj fitted bakery uthI lunch parlcr;
?t have rartier; too much business for
prletor t.i hamV.e alone; b»Ft possible lo-
ir n across the t,ay; near railroad denot:
flrrt-olasn ciirtom; positive guarantee from
ier that biiFlnrss cieani ttOO a mo.: books
n lor Inspection: investigation solicited
STEXBEItG CO.. B25 Market Bt
SALOON; north of Market et.; best loca-
i; mil v a ] U p j n si^ht: sold only on account
"13 a^e. Apply McLAUGHLIN & CO
4 Market Et.
rATIOXERV and branch bakery; bargain;
rftab. « V eB ":. ("OWING & CO.. 719 Market.
FOR Sale— First-class reataurant. Addresa P
LA^IMICRK. 173S'.- Musi, n St.; no agents.
BAKERY, olgars. laundry am! notions; present
owner there c years. 107 Third st.
FINK established butcher business for sale
in country tore; reason for telling sickness
Apply Call ofr.ee. !
A RKSTAI'RANT for eale; aJso living rooms.
C)(JA , U J ytar ' <S^ cr rffTlt cheap. Opposite rall-
roatl depot Third and Townsend nt«.
i Kale— A strictly SO o<l l.uslnen; restaurant
chairs and ?«•«¦<: :r.j; 100 people: bakery us-
2 barrel flour dally; horse and wagon;
;inc-hcj!-<\ 34 rocm«, newly furnished'
ft opportunity to mcfce money. Inquire
•-rican Ba.kery and Kestaurant Iiaker»-
1. Cal •
sale— lF.acksralth shop In pi-osrperoun town-
ig good liu«;r.esg; no opposition- best of
wnj fcr •eUlr.g. Address F. B.. P. o. box
Saciamento.
?nt-For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fln»
tlon; filace is entirely covered; ccntalm I
l<>: rrv.t only flJ; wat«rr free. Inqi:lrs WM
VlUtlCKSON- & CO.. CU Call bldg.
LEADING hotel In Monterey: 33 room?, parlor,
dlning-rofcni. kitchen, bar; completely turn.;
will rer.t. «*ll or exchange. For particulars
nrltc JOHNSON tt CA lilt. .Monterey. Cal.
CANDY store for eale; rogJ ntock and fixtures;
law rent; no agent*. IIS Hayc? st.-
IiOX'T rriss the tripods an.] lamp* at the
DACKL'S STUDIO. II Geary; other bargains.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & CO.. 41! Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED nrtverti semen ts and .subscriptions
rrcelved at Call branch office. ZMOFlllmcre st.
A HRANCII offlce for Call advertisements and
Ftiliscrlptlona has been established at 10M Va-
Vm*!* Ft. --
LODGIXG-llOl'SKS FOR SALE^
|300-LOIX5ING-HOrSE: 23 rooms; hardwood
furniture; clears J75 per month; sold at sacrt-
fii-e thig week. McLaughlln & Co.. 777^ Mkt
};IK<usxaP; £2 rooms; al! rented; fine loca-
tita; near Market et BASILE. t Eddy Bt ¦
_' MF"Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry: wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
n Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market gt... S. F.
j CAUPKT KEATIXG AXd'cLEAMXG.
WHEN you become disputed with poor work
fend to BPAULDINQ'8 Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 3.-S-357 Tehamn St.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleanlne and Dyeing Co..
a 342-344 McAllister Bt. ; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th fit: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Htean Carret-Iieatlng Works, G. II.
STEVENS, msrr., 3S-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
! J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4.'.3 Stevenson tt. tel. South 22S: loweet rates.
* CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Bt.; tel. Jresle 944.
1 ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Bt;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating 'Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harnesi
' etc., cheap. EAGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st
GOOD strong delivery wagon for sale. • Inquire
617 Ellis Et.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
i camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
' NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
• ness, work & dri\-ing horses. ISth &. Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charga un-
less successful. Room 210. 927 Market Et.
COMMERCIAL Law and' Collection Agency, In-
corporated; money loaned. 314 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LIST.
TURK, 1703, near Scott— $S; cottage, 4 rooms
and yard.
COTTAGE. S rooms and bath. 8S35 Twenty-
flfth st.: rent $9. _________^^___
SPIRITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison. BOS Mis-
sion st; readings dally, 25c, 60c and tl; circles
Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and Sunday
evening, 10c
PROF. GEE. medium: readings, 50c and $1; clr.
every night. 2ic. 1206 Market, cor. G. G. ave.
MRS. HARLAND, removed to 14S Sixth; circle
to-night; sealed letters read. 10c; sitting?. $1.
WYLLIE. the Los Angeles photo medium. 330
Ellis. 10 a. m. to 5 p. rn., Sundays included.
MRS HOTTER, spiritual medium; sittings; G.
L L. EOc: dr. Mo.. Wed., Frl.. 10c. 34 Sixth.
MRS. DUNHAM, medium: readings daily: clr.
Tues., Fri.. 2, S p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35.
THIS week only— Full slttlnes 25c WATSON,
j medium, palmist. 15S1 Market st. near 12th.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
I medium, life reader: sitting $1. 1104 Market.
\ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRP. DR. CLARK, the well-Rnown trance me-
dium, permanently located at 203 Turk st.,
may be consulted on all affairs of life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies;
remove family troubles; restore lost affec-
tions; unite the separated; satisfaction guar- |
! anteed by mail: Fend stamp for circular with
j special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk
I et. near Jones.
MME. LANGE. th» great clairvoyant, tells past.
future: never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: ?howe picture future husband or wife:
I fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody: ope;i
Sundays. 11€7 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & car-1
reader, born with dr-jble veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies i/Oc.
gents $1; palm. & clair.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
YOUNG clairvoyant, card reader; Thursday,
Friday, Paturday only. 2S6 Natoma. nr. 4th.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader: past
present, future, 2cc. 14S Sixth st, room 14.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palmist
and card reader, 23c. 5 Seventh St.: no sign.
MME. RUTH, great prophetic card reader, 50c.
70S Ellis Bt.. near Larkin.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and watei
reader; German spoken. 921H Mission. op.Mint
' MME. August, clairvoyant, card reader; palmls- ]
try: truth or no pay; 25c &. 50c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader: I
Fittings dally. 212H Sixth St.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
t.and's picture; 25c; hidies. 914 O'Farrell St.
»extist¥!
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL~CLIXIC. lo9*Mar^
ket Ft., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 CO up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M^ P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges J
t and fillings; extraction or fillings by my won- !
| derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
I perlence; no students: advice free; prices
! cheapest and guaranteed : lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 211 O'Farrell st.
DR[ LUDLUM HILL.~1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plate? made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, COc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 225 Kearnv, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; filling?, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of feth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1R41 Polk st. ;
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. nUXARD'R Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advlcr! and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 626. •
DR. CREEL Y'S CP.mange cure and worm pills
by druffglsts or at hospital. 510 Golden Gateav.
j DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
I REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking Millinery
j School to 1019 Market St.. above Sixth.
I PARISIAN dressmtiklnp, 3S7 Geary st; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect lit.
I MME. REMBERT. 030 Sutter St.. dressmaking '
school: any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat- j
I Inc. pinking. U'l Post.over O'Connor&Moftatt
EDUCATIONAL. t 1
A— THE Lyceum, and accredited prepartory :
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ,
ALL students but two taking full course this
year gnt positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI- ;
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket et. ; life scholarship, $10; Includes Bhort-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, pen art; day &. eve. •
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st. ;
the coming school: thorough: up-to-date; all ;
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec/rnlnlng. mech. sur- •
vey. at say, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1S64. '
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 ilarket.
SCHOOL OF ACTING— Lyceum Theater. 310
O'Farrell; positions grntd. to finished pupils.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
S. F. ; founded 1SC3; 80-pag« catalogue free. ,.
GALLAGHER-TARR United School oTlixpertt;
shorthand; bookkeeping. Parrott big.; cat'IOg. •
l.E JEUNE Art and Crafts School ; modelinK,-
desisrnlns, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $0 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES;
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con- I
tractor; estatl. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Poet, near Powell; telephone Bueh 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. ofilce — Best help j
furn.; domestic eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay t.*.
ORI'HEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce; j
best help Turn.; tel. John 1121. EOfift Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Cfllc<»— ',
Bert help. 411VJ O'Farrell »t: tel. Ea^t 426.
I3MPLOYMI2XT WAXTED— -FEMALE, j
A YOUNG g!rl would like a Fteady place In
the country. to assist in- light housework;
small wages; good home. Please apply 4 i
Sunny court, off Geaiy st., bet. Buchanan
and Webster. . .
CAPABLE German woman wishes place; fam- .
"lly of-2 or'!; elderly couple; line cook and (
housekeeper; also understands nursing and
sewing; car fare expected. 622 Stockton st ./
YOUNG girl wl»h*s to Go light upstairs work
or take care of child. -Call or address 612
Elizabeth st. t near Castro.
GOOD cook wants to do general housework In i
small American family. Address H. K Call
office.
A COMPETENT woman desires to be employed
half, days at washing or housework; terms -
COc. Address box S575, Call offlce. f
GERMAN girl wants work by. the week; neat -
and willing; best of ' references;, trill take C
care of sick. 142 Sea Carlos ave,
¦0 '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
- SWEDISH girl wishes to do housework: ,wage«
%£; CaH at 12 R»tch'Bt.,'off Folsom, between
Third and Fourth.
YOUNG woman wishes position as second girl
In American family. 650 Willow ave.
' YOUNG Finnish girl wishes position as clerk In
" store; 2 years' experience. 650 Willow ave.
- A YOUNG woman would like housecleanlng by
the day. £80 O'Farrell -st. . •
• GOOD chambermaid ir housekeeper would like
• position. 5S0 O'Farrell st.
- COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
$1 per day and car fare. 114 Fourth st.
• SWEDISH girl wants situation to do general
• housework and cooking. 3240 Mission st
- YOUNG woman wishes work by the day. 136
Hayes st.
; LADY would like a position as housekeeper.
• Write or call 1363 Webster st.
' A SWEDISH girl wants situation as first-class
cook: city or country; reference. MRS. NOR-
, TON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— By a woman; houseeleanlnsr or
washing; ?1 and carfare. Address S3S Mission.
WANTED— By reliable woman, work by the
day, houseclpanlng; good laundress; $1 10 day.
, Box 3590. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a competent cook at
cooking anl general housework. Call at 3760
Diamond st. near Moss ave., Oakland.
! WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket;' 200 rooms; 23c to $1 J.0 night: $1 60 to ?6
week; convenient and- respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
FubFcriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE."
A XEAT young man desires position with pri-
vate family; understands the care of horses,
garden and can milk; good references. Box
3570, Call.
RELIABLE man, handy with tools, wishes
work In an electric or machine shop or work
of any kind; references. Box 3579, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED grocery salesman, with ref-
erences, wishes situation; city or country.
Box 35£0, Call ofilce.
AN experienced wheelwright wishes a situa-
tion. D. BOULET. cor. Broadway and Mont-
gomery, Golden Eagle Hotel.
A COLORED man wishes a position In a doc-
tor's offlce or In private house to do work of
any kind. Box 3574, Call.
DENTIST; young man, 28, 3 years' experience,
seeks steady situation In dental office. Ad-
drees box 3573, Call offlce.
WANTED — By reliable man: to work for doc-
tor or business man; take care of horses,
drive and other work. F. F., box S572, Call. '
ONE who has had eome experience In making
bread and can mold would accept some posi-
tion in bakery: not less than $40 per month.
Bf.x 35S5. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by engineer, and elec-
trician; competent In setting up or running
eteam engine or dynamos; country preferred.
Box 33«2. Call offlce.
WANTED— Situation by a practical engineer
and machinist; 20 years' experience; under-
stands the dynamo; good references. Box
3.-.S2. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as drummer or collector;
well acquainted in city; good references. Box
3:.?fi, Call offlce.
TWO flr?t-cla?s painters and paperhangers
want wr.rk in hotels or for property owners
t>y day or month. Address box 3685, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook and assistant seeks steady
situation: country hotel, mining or railroad
camp; also flret-class baker; highest refer-
ence. Box 1S38. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man of refined appearance wants
situation as coachman and gardener on July
15; reference. Address Box 11. San Mateo. Cal.
A FIRST-CLASS engineer wants position in
city; does' not smoke nor drink; best of ref-
erence. Box 35?<5, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED grocery and bar hand wants
a position; ha* the best of references. Box
3597, Call offlce.
YOUNG man. 21, wishes employment after 4
p. m. ; attendlnfg school during day. Ad-
dress R. O. B-. box 35S9. Call office.
I GOOD all-round cook wants a place; city or
country; colored man. Box 3R00, Call offlce.
| CAKE baker wishes position; understands or-
namenting. Inquire 175 Linden ave.
BAKER. lirst-clas>s foreman, wants a place as
such: bread and cakes. Address 225 Third
St., Oakland.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore gt..
EJCCIIANGE.
EXCHANGE for bicycle or cash, good sewing
machine, with or without power. Box 3581,
Call office.
EXPEHT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071V!: Market (near 7th)— Examinations free:
German eye water by mail. 50c: see City Di-
rectory- 1'hone Mint 257.
EYES examined free; rpectacles properly ad-
jUFted. N. Manage, oculist nntlrlan. 910 Mkt.
FLATS . TO LET.
A— UPPER flat, 4 nice sunny rooms and bath;
rent $11. 114 San Jose ave.. bot. 23d and 2ith.
A — 8- ROOM flat; corner: sunny; 2 bay-windows;
all modern improvem'ts; lBt floor. 417V4 Third.
FOLSOM, 846%-Sunny lower flat, i rooms and
bath; rent $16.
FOURTEENTH. 738, near Market— A handsome
lower flat of 6 rooms and bathroom, base-
ment and garden.
GROVE. 14— Few steps from City Hall: ele-
gant sunny top flat. 6 rooms and bath.
IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN& HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
LOVELY sunny 5-roorn flat: rent $20. 219ft Elm
ave.. near Van Ness and Golden Gate.
MINNA, 727, near Ninth— $7; 3 rooms; large
yard.
NINETEENTH, 3980. 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars — Lovely lower key-lot 6-
room flat; sun all day; rent $1S; water free.
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms; bath; all sunny;
rent $25. Cor. Broadway and Larkin st
$12—5 ROOMS and bath; In good repair. 1718A
Leavenworth st.
Fl'Il.VITlJRE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S D0.~with No!
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-im Market.
PURXITURE WAXTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT~773 Mission""^, pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T.' Terry & C»».) buys
furniture. carpetK. 757 Mission; tel. Red 8353.
HELP WANTEO— FEMALE,
"C. R. HANSEN & C^7~?T^honr^ranTl85"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT......:
3 more waitresses. Institution, $25 and found;
4 waitresses, summer resort, near city, $25 and
found; waitress, Cazadcro, $20, free fare both
waj'n; 2 waitresses, springs; waitress, Santa
Cruz, $20, fare paid; 10 waitresses, comraer-
. c!a! houses, $25: 2 waitresses, city, $20, call
early; 3 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7
week; 2 chambermaids, to wait, $20; cham-
" bermaid, to wait. Pacific Grove. $20, free fare.
.FAMILY ORDERS.........
Woman between 35 and 40 as Invalid's nurse
and to make herself generally useful, must
be tall, strong and of a cheerful deposition,
$25, call early; girl for housework, to go Sat-
urday for 4 months, fare paid both ways; bO
houseKtrls for city and country. C. R. HAN- '
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
STENOGRAPHER for large vineyard: $30 to
$35 month and found; free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. '
A— NURSE, ; Institution, $20; . nurse, 1" child.
10 months old, $20; German nurse, 3 children,
$23; Infant's nurse, 525; nurse, Teharr.a, $20,
2 children, fare paid. ' MISS , CULLEN, 323 v
Sutter at.
A — GERMAN mlddle-aced nurse, 1 • child San
Diego; $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st'
A YOUNG woman with or without grown-up
child to cook for 15 men; short- distance; $30 •
month. MRS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell st. L
GOOD German cool:, $30; second cook. $25' 10
general housework Kirls. . $25: ' nurse girl S15
MISS J. F. KELLY. 413 Powell, nr. Sutter]
WANTED— Small family; middle-aged German :
or Scandinavian woman for light housework '
3 Golden court, oil Sacramento st., bet Jones
. and Leavenworth. ;
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls- lnex-
porler.ced Instructed. HE YNEM ANN & CO
410 Mission. ¦ -'' ' :
WANTED— German or Scandinavian girl' to '
cook and assist in • light housework; small '
family; wages, $15. 251 Scott st.
EXPERIENCED' sewing machine operators 'i
Apply J. J. PFISTER Knitting, Co., .412 Polk. I
GIRL • for housework and cooking, in small !
family. -.822 Ellis st.
SEWERS, experienced or Inexperienced, . - for .'
light work. Ideal Mfg. Co.; 23 Stevenson st. ]¦
GIRL for general ' housework In country. [=i 1276 '
"HELP WAI.TED— FE3IALE.
WANTED— Protestant cook, no wash, $35, 4 In
family; 3 Protestant second girls. $25; Pro-
testant laundress, family work, $25; girls to
clean halls, paint, etc.. for an institution. $20;
4 cooks, hotel and private boarding houses,
$30 to $50; S waitresses for same place/ short
$25, see party here this forenoon;
' starch ironer, country, $30; 6 waitresses for re-
sorts. -. $20; 3 waitresses,, private boarding
. houses, city! $20; young woman to keep halls
clean.- assist In dining-room, etc., for instl-
. tuUon, $20; 4 cooks, city and country, $30;
chambermaid, lodging-house, 125; man and
wife, kitchen work, country hotel. $60; cham-
bermaid, waitress, both same country hotel,
$20 each, mining town; large number of girls
for general housework, both city and country.
125, too numerous to advertise. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter at.
WANTED— German woman, good plain cook,
for a lunch house. 7 Hardle place, off Kear-
ny, bet. Sutter and Bush st. -- •__
GIRL for housework and cooking; 3 In help; $16
per month. 1117 Van Ness ave. __^___
A WAITRESS. Good Living Restaurant. - Ad-
dress 1416 Howard st. .
GERMAN pirl for second work. Call at 801
Scott St.. corner Fulton.
GERMAN cook for coffee and lunch house;
wages $7 pei' week. 32 Sixth st
WANTED— Young woman for light housework;
2 children; good home; $12. 1S30 Mission st.
WANTED— A good first-class waitress at 304
Mason et.; wages $6 a week.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.' factory, 32H Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES and operators on overalls.
¦ STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, Cor. Gough
and Grove sts. '
LUNCH and dinner waitress; must be neat and
active; 6 hours a day; $20 per month. Apply
Johnson's Restaurant, 28 Montgomery Bt.
WANTED— A young respectable woman to
make herself generally useful. Address box
8584, Call offlce. ?_v.
EXPERIENCED typesetter and copyholder;
state experience salary and references. Ad-
dresa C. H., box 1S24, Call office.
GENERAL housework; family of three; $25;
references. Apply 228 Clayton et.
SWEDISH girl for general housework; no
washing. ¦ 11C6 Eddy st __^^
WANTED— A Protestant woman for bou»e-
work. Apply at S79 Harrison st
NEAT German girl for general housework:
wages $20. 606 Castro et.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
Folsom st., bet. 13th and 14th.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, . sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HELP WANTED MALE.
NOTICB^?T7?~r.TTT^^
If you want work call on the old reliable
firms of W. D. EWER & CO. and R. T.
WARD & CO.. Incorporated; we want hun-
dreds of men for all sorts of Jobs, city and
country, at good wages; remember, that we
are the only agents that guarantee every po-
sition; any one not obtaining work where we
fcend them we will refund offlce fee and pay
fare both ways; no other office gives this
guarantee; come and 6ee us before going to
some unreliable agency. W. D. EWER &.
CO., 610 Clay st. '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 GEARY ST.
1000 men for railroad work; new work In Ne-
vada; tunnel men for Los Angeles Co.; team-
sters for Bakersfield; laborers and teamsters
for Coast Road: laborers for S. P. Co.'s own
work; laborers for the different divisions
$2 a day and up
Ship Dally Fee $1.. .Free Fare
Sawmill men, blacksmiths, miners, machine
men. stablemen, farmers, choremen and oth-
ers.
Cooks, bakers, dishwashers, kitchen men,
waiters, porters, laundry men and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
HEAD and Becond cook for an Institution, SlOOi
see party here; cook and wife for an institu-
tion, $1CO.
C. It HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
DRIVER for baker's wagon. $35 to $40; man
handy with tools, for ranch. 125; ironer for
country, $30; butcher and driver for country,
$30; blacksmith, country shop, $2 60 and board;
blacksmith's helper, $2 day; 5 choremen and
boys. $15 and $20: washer and starcher, $35;
SwIes milkers, $30; farmers, $30; 50 woods-
men, $35 to $45; laborers for mines, mills,
brick yards, railroads and contract work and
many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628
Sacramento St.
MAN and wife, private family, housework, $50:
man about place and wife, city. $50; cook and
wife, country hotel, $65; second baker,, city,
$40 and found; bakers' helpers, $30 nnd found;
restaurant and hotel waiters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 628 Sac-
ramento st
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1S2.
BOY. between 16 and 18 years of age, indus-
trious, willing and of good habits, 'to be gen-
erally useful In a hotel In Vallejo; wages $15
per month. Inquire 511 Market St., city, be-
tween 1 and 4 d. m.
WANTED— First-class bill clerk; must be rapid
and good penman nnd have best of refs. Ad.,
Etatlng age and experience, box 3578, Call.
WANTED— Experienced agent to sell article
needed in every offlce: references.' Box 3577,
Call offlce.
WANTED— A butcher boy; one who under-
stands cutting meat 233 Cortland ave., nr.
Thirtieth st.
EXTRA clothing salesmen wanted. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market St.
EXTRA furnishing goods salesmen wanted. S.
N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market St.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 89 Third
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday for
wages. E3S Valencia Bt.
BARBER wanted for Friday and Saturday. 623
Clay st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 604
Montgomery ave. >"»
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday;
also chance for steady Job. 527 Broadway. , _<
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; steady
wages. 872 V4 Howard st. >
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 623
Union Bt, nenr Powell.
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday. 804 Fol-
nom st.
WANTED— Barber for. Saturday and Sunday;
good wages. 1357 Dupont st, near Green.
BARBER wants steady extra Job. Address
box 3576. Call. - ' -
BARBERS— 3-chalr 15c barter shop at your own.
price; make an offer; must sell; cause, sick-
ness. G. S. P., 195 Autumn st, San Jose, Cal.
BARBERS— SlaO; two-chair shop doing good
business; cigar stand; laundry office ; 2 liv-
ing rooms; $13 rent; see it. H05 Devlsadero.
BARBER Ehop; In country town; furnished or
unfurn.; fair trade. H. BERNARD, -104 7th.
JEWELERS— 828 Buah St.. third floor, room 4.
WANTED^— A baker, third hand, on bread; $30,
board and lodging. 2S0S Twenty-fourth st.
A WAITER; Good Living Restaurant. Address
1416 Howard st. , ' -
WANTED — Energetic young man. Box 25SS,
Call offlce. .,. - . ¦ . ¦¦
WANTED— Cook for small restaurant 1915
Central ave., near California st.
WANTED— Dlshwarher: also lunch waiter. 506
Howard st., near Fifth.
AN experienced waiter for, bakery and coffee ¦
house. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED-A third waiter at New Washington
Hotel,- Fourth and Harrison sts.
WANTED— A . butcher for restaurant 112
Fourth st.; call early.
WANTED — Third-hand cook" In small restau-
rant; day watch. Ill: Larkin st.
WANTED— Second hand on bread; good wages
to right man. 1923 Fillmore at.
WANTED— A third hand. on bread; wages $35,
board and room.- 516 Hayes st. • ,
WANTED— An elderly, party to cook. 322 Main
-street. , • .
WANTED— A pantryman at 613 Clay rt
WANTED—A waiter at 906 , Kearny st.
WANTED— 2 and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
¦early Monday at' 527 14th st. near Guerrero;
San Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED— Laborers ; and -mechanics to know \
that Ed. Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still -
runs Denver House, 217; Third .st; 130 large .
rooms; 25c per night; $l:to $2 per week; . j
MEN and women < to learn -barber trade: small
wages while learning; catalogue mailed free
S. | F. Barber College, 741A j Howard j Rt. j
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c to
COc. v 6C2 Mission et.', , bet.''.- 1st and 2d sts. ;
GOOD grinder and saw flier at» 1332 Mission at.
": J. : MIGNOLA. /¦ • ¦••: \ " • ¦,-: -
WANTED— Young grocery clerk. Apply j 1712
-:Eddy st." ,¦;>•. ¦ ' \ -
WANTED-^-Flrst-class ' .wire . mattress - weaver; \
: steady work. Apply '718 Mission st.' ¦ 'I
HELP WAXTED--MALE.
A^oSuRRAY & READY.. ..PHONE MAIN 58*8
,£ Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
• WE SHIP FREE W/'i*
72G3 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington. Arizona. Hawaiian Islands, Ore-
gon, Nevada and British Columbia
FREE FARE AND OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
. and no other expenses - to Lo« Angeles and
Santa Baibara districts, we ship you to-day,
9 a. m. and 5:30 v. m. for S. P. R. R- labor-
. ers and teamsters J2 and $2 23 a day
COME ONE— COME ALL
- FREE TO
Salt Lake City (Utah) division free
Wadsworth (Nev.) division free
Sacramento (Cal.) division free
Western, Fresno, Madera. Bakersfleld di-
visions ; free
Coast divisions of California free
Truckee division of California, also Duns-
mulr free
laborers, teamsters, eta regular wages paid.
office fee Jl free fare
FREE FARE CALL EARLY
36 drillers and hammermen i"5
ISO laborers, inside work, free fare WO
25 bard-rock miners I7i
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay St.
A— MECHANICAL HELP ••••
32 blacksmiths, horseshoers, wagon makers,
carriage makers, wood workers and black-
smiths' helpers, *3, $2 50, ?2 day; $55, $60, J50,
145, $40, $30 and fo\md; come, see
6 coopers 6 brick molders
5 cabinet makers spool tender
engineer, also a fireman
•coremaker and 53 other mechanics, wages
run from $4, $3 CO. $3. $2 £0. $2 a day and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at
A— STABLES, FACTORIES, FRUIT PICKERS
43 stablemen, buggy washers, hostlers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., city and country, JoO, $40,
$35,. J30 and $25 and found; coachman and
gardeners; 12 laborers for factories, city ;
$1 73 day
126 men to pick fruit. - $26 and found
SPECIAL
SSt laboreis, teamsters, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, $2 60, $2 25, $2. $175 day, isany for
city positions and board home
6 FARMERS AND WIVES
MURRAY & READY. 6S4-636 Clay at.
A— FARMS, ORCHARDS DAIRIES, HAY
....PRESSES, VINEYARDS. HAY AND....
HARVEST FIELDS
S2fl farm hands $35, $30. $26 and found
125 haying hands $1 25 to $1 CO day and fd
S6 harvest hands, $1 50 to $2 a day and found
66 dairy hands, milkers, butter and cheese
makers, {40, $35, $30 and found: come, see....
S6 chore men and boys, $30. $26. $25. $20. $15
and found ,
5 sheep herders fare $1 SO $25 and found
superintendent for large orchard and vineyard.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A— TO MINES GOLD MINES MINES
MINES SILVER MINES MINE3
MINES OTHER MINES MINES
53 miners, single hand, different jobs $75
8 machine miners, gold mine $90
82 miners, single hand, excellent job
$60 and- found
62 laborers for a large mine, $40 to $S0 per
month, including board and lodgings- If you
give satisfaction will be advanced as laborers
at $60 per month with board and lodgings;
special, good, steady Jobs; remember all the
above laborers for all mines need "no experi-
ence' '
1S5 laborers, different mines, $50, $43, $42, $40,
$25 and found, fares from $1 CO. COME. SEE..
CROWDS MURRAY & READY,
GOING DAILY 634-636 Clay st
A COME DOWN and get our list, containing
7236 different Jobs. MURRAY & READY.
A— BAKERS.. BUTCHERS.. LAUNDRY HELP
18 bakers, first, second and third hands, $55.
¦ $50. $45, $10, J35 and found, for all parts of
California; first hand, $50; Eecond hand, $10
and found, same country job. boss here and
fare paid
3 boys or young men to work In bakeries, $20,
$16 and found, bosses will teach you trade; 9
butchers, shops, wagons, slaughter houses,
etc.. $40. $35, $30 and found; COME SEE
15 laundry men. wa«hers, markers, starchero,
polishers, Ironers etc., $35, $40, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A-HOTEL.... CANDY.... and OTHER DEPT'S
63 cooks, also 5 third, 5 second hands, broil-
ers, etc.. $C3. $60. $55. $50, $45, $40, $33. $30, $25
and found; 32 waiters. COME SEE. $35. $30,
$25 and found; 5 waiters for mines and camps,
$30 and found, YOU'LL SUIT
89 dishwashers, city and country
$30. $25. $20 and found .
9 porters and bell and elevator boys
bookkeeper, stenographer and typewriter, saw-
mill company
man to help In bakery of a mine.. $30 and fd
lunch counter man $35 and found
candy-maker, etc. All the above Jobs are for
hotels, mines, restaurants, camps, cafes,
ranches, sawmills, shops, factories, hay
presees. resorts, institutions, etc. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 40 CARPENTERS 40 CARPENTERS
WITH OR WITHOUT TOOLS. TO BUILD A
LARGE FLUME, ANY LABORER CAN DO
THE WORK. USING HATCHET AND
HAMMER, and company will furnish toois.
COME and SEE. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE
to 35 Sawmills, etc
No Experience Wanted
f>63 men for different Jobs, from laborers to
run machines, wages from $20 to $40 per
month and found
AIfo lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40 and
found; crosscut sawyers, Jackscrewers, band
sawyers, screw turners, gang edgermen, in
fact, we want help of every description for '
sawmills, ¦woods, etc., $S0, $75, $90. $120 $60 I
$f.0, $40, $30 and found; :.$4 woodchoppers, tie-
makers, tools and food found, some at mines,
$3. $2 50. $2, |1 60. Jl and 75c cord; ehlngle
Joiner, shingle packer; 23 laborers for a saw-
mill, fare raid. $40 and found
20 laborers for a sawmill $40 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rlne Corps, L\ S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character, between the
ages of 21 nnd 25 years; not -less than 5 feet
•4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height; '
must be citizens of the United States, or
persons who have legally declared their In-
tentions to become citizens; able to read,
write and speak English properly. For furth-
er Information apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce, 40 Ellis st, Fan Francisco, Cal., 530
K St., Sacramento, Cal., or 1058 J st, Fresno. '
Cal.
WANTED — Steady elderly man to make him-
self generally useful at Hotel Repelier, 781
Sutter st •
WANTED— A coat or vestraaker to take half
of room at 935 Market street, room 16. ¦ J
ALT, sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: li '
years' practice; Examiner bldg.- '
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands; <
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar- 1
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ;
LINDBLL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week. "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22C0 Flllmore st :
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- ¦
lencla st. .
HOUSES, LIVE STUCK. Etc — For Sale
'A- CARLOAD of well-broke draft and driving \
horses. Just arrived, weighing from 1000 to
1500 rounds: the horses can be seen now at
the Stanlford Stables, 308-310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugirles, (
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A NEW. lot: 25 driving and work horses from i
Haggln's ranch: matched pair pacers. Sales,
yard 1722 Mkt., CHASE & MENDENHALL.
LOT of cheap horses for campers, peddlers or
business at CANTY'S, 2170 Market st; Castro .
st." cars pass the door. % j
HORSES — Young, well-broken, for all purposes,
cheap; best in city. 721 Howard St., nr. Third.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZIEL. V«?t. Dentist, 603 Golden Gate ave.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, eent to any address In th»
. United States or Canada one year for $1,
•poytnc* paid.
HOUSES TO LET. J
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: senoTfor^clr^
cular. G. H. UMBSE.N & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BAY-WINDOW house. 4 rooms; 212 Perry St..
near Fourth: rent $10; water free. Apply to
G. H. UMDSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st
HOUSE of 6 rooms, basement and yard; bath; J
In good order. 1205 Golden Gate avenue.
HOUSE of ¦ 4 rooms ; rent $S; water • free. 720
Willow nv«\ Apply 626 Eddy st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, fcr mailing. $i per year. -
FOUNI>— A beautiful black, white and tan fox- I
¦ hound slut with collar. See DAN SLINKEY,
Sausalito. -
LOST— On the 4th of July, a brown curly Eng- S
llsh retriever dog from 2 Jurl ave., nr. Vulen-
cla-st. depot. Reward if returned W.ADAMS.
LOST— Scotch collie; reward. Room 511, 503 J
California, st •,.-: - v *t,v.
GOLD WATCH No.,2009332; keepsake. Reward. S
323 Twelfth et. or 1106 Battery st
LOST— Chow, dog, male, from vicinity of Leav- I
•¦. enworth- and O'Farrell sts., Tuesday even-
. ing; . reddish color., black mouth and tongue; "
looks- much : like an Esqulmo; answers to
n«me of Sultan: reward 5^5. Return to WM
N. MCCARTHY. SC5 O'Farrell.st. y
TAKEN— Saturday. June 9, 1900. from Callfor-
nia st.; near Montgomery, Jarge brown horse; c
.blind In- right* eye; .white' hind'feet: heavy
.buggy, painted dark; $25 reward and no ques- _
.\tlons asked. If -returned to JAMES BOYES & O
CO..:, 108 Clay St.: ;-,-,_; '" i H
A". WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly. Call, i
: 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
.MEDICAL.
MR3. DR. KOHCremoved to 44« Eddy st,
with Mrs. Dr. Guyer. the well-known and
Pliable ladies* physician; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. 15:. a home for patients before
and during confinement: consultation free;
hours. 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; Sundays. JO to t.
446 Eddy St.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
D r G "W O'DONNELL. the world-renownec
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years : treated thousands ol
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
heme- consultation free. After all others fa I.
call on him. 1023 '.j Market st.
DRS GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialist,
has' returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure JS- have treated thousands of cases with
success; 13 years' practice In S. F.: maternity
home; iow fees. 10071, Market st. near tth.
MRS. DR WYETH, reliable specialist; 2i yrs. 1
practice: home In confinement; treatment al
office J3; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 912 Tost St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin
MRS M. ALLEN. 10C5 Market-Ladies' spe-
cialist: heme In confinmert: safe anJ reli-
able; consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR and 'MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Marfcct; ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated; lat«
scientific methods; treatment. tZ.
DR NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinl* curtM; herbs and teas: sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento.ccr.Kearay;a<lvlce free.
DR WISE <YS). the ladles' specialist. HIS
st. ; every case guaranteed ; |5 up.
NICE reliable home for confinement; reason-
able. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFElt.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Ma^on «t.
POISON oak cured In one application or no
nay. 4R3 Hnyes st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOIt SALE.
BOILERS, engines, i'd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH &'WQLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont st.
BAKS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures; new and »*cond-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits en hand;
22 complete outfits en our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In Zi hours. J. NOO-
KAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sell* or rent* gear machinery, en-
glnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
FIVE (5) book cases; two (2) book casea and 1
pigeon hole case, glass doors; 1 legal blank
case; 1 small table; all oak .wood. Apply
Janitor, Nevada Block.
TRIUMPH steam boiler, gocd as new, 40 feet:
Vt and % galvanized pipe; numerous fittings,
etc.: $23; tin pipe condeneer. capacity 10 gals.
per hour, to. 8 Polk st.
CHEAP lot best new Rodxers Bros." silver-
ware, spoons, forks, knives, carving *set, su-
gar, butter, creamer. 771 Fifth st, corner
Market. Oakland.
A— S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
ATTENTION deer-hunters— 2 very fine and well-
trained fox-hounds for sale cheap. 127 Second.
FOR sale — 1 good 26-inch screw cut metal
lathe, cheap, at 323 Mission st.
TYPEWRITER, Xo. 2 Smith Premier; late
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 Cal.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HAHTTER. 513 Examiner bids.
6HP. gasoline marine engine complete: almost
new; cheap. U.S. WHITE. 516-515-5M Mission.
EDISON concert phonograph — Reduced price.
$73: concert records. II 50. Bac(jralupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main sC
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. EULLARD & BRECK. 131 I'cst st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-123 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 1C9-111 Market st. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLA.NfclOlS WANTS.
WANTED — Counter and shelving;. 12 to 14 feet.
HV- Bluxome st.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st
SECOND-HAND pool or billiard table; any
size. Address box 3o98, Call offlce.
IY you wiFh full value fcr your cast-off clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4113. ;
MOXEY TO I.OA>.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st, Id and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
/lay; jret my terms before dc!nj» business else-
where R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY' proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; life insurance. Room 16. first
floor. Chronicle big.. HALLOKAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
8t. : tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 26 Montsomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bid*.. 130 Powell St.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davia 9S3.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
CS and 69, Donoho» building, 1170 Market st
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchange. 431 Calif.
ANY sum, 1st or 2nd mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 6.'3, Examiner building.
II. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. solves all kinds of
financial problems; 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
TO salaried people without security; all bust-
ness confidential. Tou3ley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal ; no com-
mlsslon: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL IXSTIUJMEXTS. ~~
WE HAVE A REAL BARGXiN.^lTThaTs^hat
you want: fine large Mahogany Upright for
JIS5, if you buy at once you'll get the bargain.
MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
CAMPERS chould take along some of our fine
SUkeno strings for Banjo; they excel In ton*
strength and quality; 30c per set. MAUVAI3
¦MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st
WE sell Olympia Music Boxes, and all other
kinds jf musical Instruments on Installments;
come and see, even If you haven't much money
to pay down. MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO. 783
Market st
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade from Steinway down to- low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, i-I cash $6 per
month: other pianos, $3. %\ and tZ per month
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers'
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco'
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
PIANOS at cost; owing to th* dull season now
upon us we are accumulating a large stock of
rental pianos; these, together with a number
of samples sent us from factory, will be
closed cut regardless of profit: a better on-
portunity has never been offered: terms verv
liberal. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st.
ABSOLUTELY the . oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER 4 cTusrs
26. ZS and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos? organs and
all other musical instruments of all trades
and prices; terms «asy; price* lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
IF you want a piano of standard make cheap.
ransir.K from },j up, take advantage of our
closing out sale. SPENCKR'S. 1S13 Market "t
BARGAINS— A few pianos will be sold -this
week for storage;. offers wanted <ea«h or in-
stallments).- Wilson's Storage Co.. 1710 Mrkt.
SELLING out regardless of cost— Entire stock
of pianos; store to let; fixtures for sale
JAMES KEEFFE. 1019 Van NesW ave. ¦
,\ J3S0 UPRIGHT, good as new; must be sold to
close up an estate. -Room 10. Flood buildlnff.
& CO ;: £ yron Mauzy, Gabler. Hamil- '
ton pianos. oQS Post St.. opp. Union square. ;
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap: Installment *3 -
per month. SCHMITZ. .M McAllister st. i
)N. furniture, pianos: 3 per cent per month: no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. G Eddy st
V. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento "st.. agent for •
Francis Racon and Hall;tt & Davis pianos.
'"J™ 1^ violins, zithers, old and new. H. !
ML LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
)X - E t s ' e ' nwa >'- 1 Chlckering. J190; Installments i
¦ <5 to «10; rent >2 up. HEINE'S. 13C Ellis st
DEDUCTION sale: new pianos, $5 : payments; <
for rent ?2 up. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
PALMISTIIY.
; MME. Neergaard. Pres. St Germain Colleg? o
• Palmistry: reails 1 to S. «1« Ommnr. nr. J.>ne«
¦ PASTURAGE.
SCO TO :oo acres green pasture, clover and wile
grasses mixed, for horses or cattle. Fo
» terms apply A. R. FULLER. Antloch. Cal.
t TERSOtALS.
— __
- W. H. MOORE— Go to P. O. at once. ALICE
; RELIABLE American woman desires to kno*
i an honorable elderly man who would furnssl
t a flat or rooming hous? and take board; horm
comfort.*. Dos ZZM, Call off.rc. .
' \\ 10 MISSES' kid ..hoes for COc a pair at TITF
t BEE HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market, nr. Third
. I SUITS to order rn installments: $13 upward
II a Keek. LEON* LEMOS. HIT Market st
' between Seventh and Kighth.
LEDEREI'.'S Qulntonica keeps the hair in ftm
; condition. 30c bot; Lederer's Foamo S>ham
poo can't be beat. Zc pkjr. K*3 Stockton st.
MME. ADA. wonderfully gllt^'l ! healer. J
Kuray st.. room II. cures nervousness. In-
< ""' rnln!a - blindness, F.right's disease, rupture
. ELECTRIC Ilshtj In every room— Wtncbestei
• i Hot*!. 41 Thiril st.. near Mar!;et: 7:0 rooms;
» 2.'.o to SI no p.»r nlsht: tl SO to $¦? per week;
¦ bus an<1 to anfl frr.m the ferry.
• AHLPORN Hiuse. 31» t.i 3^ Grant av».- Lead-
• • Inc; German-Amerioan hotci cf San Francisco;
• >1 per day and up; finest meals in city. I5c.
LEDEREK, the popular hair dresser, Rives
» >"U the very latest hair styles for only 23c.
J LADIES* and bents' ca«t-off clothing bought and
sold. Silverman. 9Si Fol.*cm. tel. Fol3om 1131.
. LEDERER sells th* very best switches at th«
very sniallast price, from il up.
1 SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. Examiner buHdins. room 407.
J MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and card reader.
I S50 Market St.. second floor, room 37.
; ALFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna 'restores gray
J hair to Its natural color. $r; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothlng.old gold and sliver bought;
; een<3 postal. COLEMAN'S. IC8 Keamy st.
O. D. MORSE, photographer. I'VlS Paclflc ave.,
between Pierce and Scott: phone Steiner 3331.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free: photo suppllrs. Backas
PHYSICIANS AXO SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL — Offlce and residence,
1C21H Ilarket St.. bet. SJjcth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SaLE.
JJ*)O — MODERN 9-room house In choice location
on Waller st.. near Pierce. 1 block from
Halght-st. cars; finished with marble steps,
frescoed ceilings, 2 wood mantels, hard-fin-
t3hod basement, etc.; terms ore-fourth cash,
\ balance Joti monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
FOR sale — Northeast corner Waller and Shrader
st3. : improved four stores and two flats: brings
10 per c-»nt on Investment Owner. 621 ShnhW.
MODERN houses and flats - built at low»<«t
1 prices; plar.s and estimates furnished for a'.t
buildlr.s work. CAMPP.ELL. 1147 Mission St.
MODERN cottage of 5 rooms and bath. See
i owner at 111 Twenty-seventh st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States cr Canada one year for Jl.
postage raid.
j REAL ESTATtJ COIMRY For Sale
t • " ' ' - ¦
ACCURATE personal knowledge; each of th<»
3000 ranches en my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. Mor-j than a!i r.ther agents put together
- In S. F. N. D. SICKELS. Land Agt.. 6 Geary.
EIGHTT acres level and partly drained tula
land near city; fin» for speculation; cheap.
Addraas H.. box HS2. Call office.
FOR Bale— Good-paying Investment: country
hotel; rented at $;n. For particulars apply at
1 *ouffcwe«t corner EiMv and Taylor sts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 473 — Two or three sunny rooms; com-
rWe* for housekeeping; gas cr ceil range;
also sunny single room.
KOLSOM. f>T»3 — Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; range.
GEART. 441-Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms; reasonable. ' ".'- ••"
GEARY, **1 — Furnished or unfurnished rooms
for houpek^epinR: rent reasonable.
GEART. 91S— Bay-wlniow front room, newljr
furn.. with or without hskpnjr. ; also tourist
GrEISRERO, 1147. near Twenty- fourth— Sunny
suite of rooms and kitchen; furnished, $4o.
HOWARD. ?l-j— Sunny suite fir light house-
keeping; also others.
NI'.'K i'urniture of a 7-room Rat for sale or rent.
1150 Mission st
OAK, 113—2 newly furnished housekeeping
rooms. $10: 2 large fmnt unfurnished rms.: $S.
O'FARRELL. 250 — S large sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; den't miss thl»
chance.
O'FARRELL. 713—2 to 4 nicely furnished
J hous>ekpitifr rms.; complete: traa. bath; phone.
PAGE. 3. off Market — Sunny bay-window suites,
furnished and unfurnished, for housekeeping;
$9 to tl4; gas: baths.
POLK. 522 — Lange sunny unfurnished house-
keeplnR rooms; rent cheap.
SIXTH, 1I9A — ? connecting rooms with piano
and gas, furnished for housekeeping, $22 50;
also other rooms.
TURK. 543 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove, gas and.
bath: |3 25.
TWENTIETH. 3C28— S sunny connecting rooms:
gas and bath.
VALENCIA. 131— Large front room and kitch-
en: furnished for housekeeping: nswly pa-
pered and painted; use of bath: J10.
CLASSIFIED arlvertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Flllmore »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subset Iptlons has been established at 1005 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd Infnrn.
A-BRUN9WICK HOUSE. US Sixth— Room.
25c to $1 per nlicht. II ii t.-> fi per week, ana
lirht housekeeping; onen all nlxht.
BURNETT. lCH Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
EIGHTH. 10S— Sunny rooms, fl 23 to *2 SO per
week. ,
ELLIS. 837— Sunny bay-window room for 1 or
2 gentlemen, with or without board; prtv. fam.
FIItST. 413— Single and double sunny rooms; %\
and $3 monthly.
FOLSOM, 963. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, single or sultea; reasonbL
FOLKOM, 834—$l week: larcre sunny furnished
room; closet; bath; private; call by S p. m.
FOR RENT— A pleasant and Quiet room in a
central location; reference given and re-
quired: rent moderate. Call or address A E.
W.. 1135 Polk st. *
FOURTH. 2224-Niceiy furnished rooms; Jl
week and up; moderate; quiet
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport House) — Furnished
rooms, single: gas; running water; all conv.
FRANKLIN. 323— Nicely furnished front bay-
wir.djw room; suitable for 2 ladies or gentle-
men. '
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rocm>: suites or single; travelers acco' dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HOTEL Francisc-j— Elegant suites; sinjrle- tno
slent; baths. MRS. KING. Turj^an£T a vfor.
HOWARD. SS9. cor. Sth— Nicely furnished" sunny
rooms reasonable : by day", week or month.
MINNA,' 51J— Nicely furnished double and *'n-
tcle rooms; reasonable. °
M fo N r N two 731 ~ A UrSe bay - wlndow rani suitabli
°r VK -. 1 i 3 7 2 8 , Uany larse froRt JS- u*
furnished; closets; sae thern^other focms.
O'FARHELL. SV-Sunny furnished rewms and
_ofllces; elevator: electric lights; day wT mo
I aUo^ n , e 4. r ' lC " Iy tront Ln,;
ROYAL HOUSE. 12$ Ellis «• 7 n , _~
lipht. reding rjorn. S mokin S room an^UlT^'
parlor: room* per night. 53^to»l »o"week !-
to ?S: rr.or.th. $S to K0- «>!evT,,- Ji. ;« -• * 3
rooms with ho, and cold I wVtef taifi*
suites and single rooini: aun-e^lafe i n
>een; popular prices, q T^g^ r ?ggThe many changes that the past thirty
vears have wrouK>it in the world's marine
have tended to improve the physical well
being of the sailor, but at the sdme time
have afflicted him with a new crop of ail
ments. The food of seamen has been
greatly improved. The rapid transition
from sails to steam has largely Increased
trade with tropical countries because the
swift vessels of to-day can carry tropical
fruit and other products that could not ¦
. Btand slow transportation in the warm
: latitudes. Hence sailors are much more
i afflicted now than formerly with diseases
I of tropical origin. The almost universal
substitution of steel for wood in the.con
¦ struction of vessels and the consequent
: changes in the nature of work on ship- .
board have had their effect In changing
; the nature of the accidents ;to members
: of the crew.
i Many of the old-time diseases, such as
i scurvy, night blindness, the so-called ship
anaemia, and chronic aliments of the di
gestive organs, if not yet quite extinct,
have become rare. A series of new dis
eases has taken. their place and are now
having the attention of the medical fac
| ulty. In order to deal with these dls
! eases such as malaria, beri-beri. hlack
i water fever and other tropical disorders,
special hospitals are needed at the large
ports. •
. This Is the reason for the establishment
of the institutes at London and Liverpool
and for the new institution at Hamburg.
Among the many features outlined for the
Hamburg : Institute is a course of study
on the symptoms and treatment of ma
laria and other tropical diseases and on
tropical physiology and hygiene. This
course will extend over several months,
and the students will many phy
sicians encaged In practice at nil the sea
ports of Germany. The investigations by
Prof essor r Koch of : tropical diseases did
much to bring about the . decision of th«
German Government to establish the j
Hamburg Institute. : .
¦..:,:-.¦ .., ¦ » ¦
- Thirty-six " foreign ! vessels, having ari
aggregate tonnage o£ 57,666. met with dis
aster in American water3daat year.
LINCOLN HELPED HER.
How Nancy Scott, a Runaway Slave,
Found Her Husband Again.
The death at the Rhode Island State
Institution for the Insane of Nancy Scott,
aged 70 years, which occurred during the
last week of May, brings to memory a
story of Abraham Lincoln which has
never been published.
Way back in slavery days Nancy Scott
and her husband were slaves on a Vir
ginia plantation owned by one of the
prominent and wealthy F. F. V.'s of tho
commonwealth. Nancy was the trusted
housekeeper of the family. While young
she was married to a young slave on the
same plantation. Her marriage occurred
about the beginning of the Civil War, and
after the first few months of fighting her
husband disclosed to her his intention of
running away and working his way north,
peeking a means of livelihood. He bade
her remain where she was until he could
communicate with her and said that when
he became established where he was sure
of supporting her he would send for her
to go to him.
Months went on until one day a dusky
little one came to Nancy's arms. When
the baby was a year old Nancy declde<kto
try and escape and travel North, hoping
to hear some news of her baby's father.
She left her cabin one night at early
dawn, carrying her little one. in her arms,
and passed slowly across 'the country
which was the fighting arena of more
battles than any other territory In the
South. She was trying to make her way
to the Potomac River and there at some
obscure landing take a boat for Washing
ton. Such a place she reached one hot
day. When the boat arrived she went
aboard, keeping as much out of the way
of tho passengers as she could. There
was a group of men on the quarterdeck.
Among them one whose lean, gaunt figure
and dark, seamy face somewhat attracted
her notice.
When the boat neared Washington she
left, her place below among the freight
and timidly went up to the gangway. The
steamer had arrived at her dock and the
passengers were leaving, but the group
In which the dark, rugged man was seated
had not yet dispersed.
Nancy Scott went forward toward the
gangplank, but before she had reached it
the purser stepped forward and said
harshly:
"Here, you," woman, where are you go
iner? Where's your ticket?"
Paralyzed with fear she hesitated.
"You're a runaway nigger, and you
can't so ashore: you go below and we'll
see about you later."
But the dark, seamy-faced, man, with
tho tired eyes, came up then and said
quietly: . >,*.-•, r ;
"What Is the matter?"
The tears streamed down Nancy |3cott's
face as she said she only wanted! to go
ashore; that she was searching for' her
husband, her little one's father. *-.:
"Tell me your story," said the dark
man.
In simple words, she told him of her
separation from her husband, the birth of
her child, her weeks of weary waiting,
and the eyes of the dark man grew soft;
with pity.
Turning to the purser he said: "Let this
woman co ashore." Then taking her by
tho arm he walked by her side until* the
street was reached. Giving her some
money - he told her to find some decent
colored family and make inquiries for her
missing husband. • . . - ' . .
"Tell me your name, sir?" begged
Nancy Scott, i
"My. name, my good woman, is plain
Abraham. Lincoln," said the man. and
turning away he lifted his hat "Just like
I.was a grand lady" and left her.
Nancy- Scott, j with the heln of the pastor
of-a church for colored peonies found her
husband: ho had -vainly tried to communi
cate •¦ with her i. many times; : he ; had not
dared to go in search of her. He was em
ployed in a hot el and able to care for his
little family comfortably. > -^
••Later he died and 'Nancy found employ
ment with the family. of a Treasury clerk,
with whose family she came North.
WOLVES AND BEARS
That Inhabit the Yellowstone Park,
as Seen by a Traveler.
Ernest Seton Thompson, the author and
naturalist, gave some thrilling stories of
animal life in his talk on "Some Animals I
Have Known" recently at the Peabody
Institution, in the course of lectures given
by the Public School Teachers' Associa
tion. An interesting part of the address
was the lecturer's imitation of the calls
and cries of the different animals.
Mr. Thompson told some of the comedies
and the tragedies, too. of. animal life. One
of the latter was the story of "Xoble," the
king of the pack of wolves who for five
years were supreme in a section of New
Mexico. Noble resisted every effort to kill
or capture him. Poisoned bait, traps, had
no^effect on him, but at last he was
brought low through his affection for hi3
little giddy mate, who wandered around
and got caught In a trap. "While search-
Ing lor her he was caught himself. All
night long he called, but she did not come.
Food and drink were placed near him,
after ho had been taken from the trap.
He refused them and died, It is believed,
of his grief for the loss of his mate.
Several interesting stories were told of
Mr. Thompson's special friends, the bears i
in the Yellowstone Park. To study them
more closely Mr. Thompson went to the
gathering place of the band, the garbage
dump near one of the hotels. The bears
were rather shy and remained away at to«
great a distance for satisfactory study. So
he took the rather novel method of see
ing them at shorter range by digging a
hole in the dump, setting his camera and
his sketch books squarely on some, old
cracker boxes and 'then covering himself
again with the refuse. In thfe malodorous
hole he remained all day. He took several
pictures, made a number of sketches of
the bears who came to feast on the rem
nants of canned goods and other delica
cies found in the dump.
He watched with much interest and
some anxiety a "scrap" between a
mother bear and a big grizzly. Mr.
Thompson was entirely unharmed. While
the fight was going on the little cub—ap
parently a typical sorehead— was watch-
Ing the fight from a place of safety in a
tree. The branch to which he hung was
directly over Mr. Thompson's hole. If it
had broken Mr. Thompson would not have
been alone in his retreat. The grizzly bear
got the better of the tight and the mother
bear and the cub withdrew.
The same grizzly went too near the
hotel one day and atempted to take pos
session. One of the attendants telephoned
to headquarters for permisison to shoot
the animal— the law against shooting the
animals In the park is rigridly enforced.
The answer came back: "Aerainst the law
to shoot. Use a hose." The hose was
used. The bear retreated.
t, Perkins. Phoenix
F J J S'.oat. Hamilton
J Bender. Hamilton
J E Kennedy, Denver
J Cra:e Ac t. Highland
W A Stephens & w,
Chico
V Hart. San Jose
Miss V. Hart. San Jose
A a f^hulz&w.Portervl
L. W Shlnn, AnBel« Cm
F A Jones. Fre«no
L> J lOvans, Nm>a
W W Stone. New York
Dr Ci A Dunran. Kurka
A Campbell & w, N Y
,C D I^aly, Eureka
T H Williams, Oakland
A li Dennlnon. S Rona
W B Kills & ¦or. Oaicld
C F Erwln. Placervllle
J E Barker. Mont
W II 8tone. New Tork
G H Moore. I-os Gates
K L. Famsworth.Wilbr
N A Unot. Cal
Mrs N A Hoot. Cal
Miss J Hoot. Cat
.1 H Read. Sacramento
Mtrs J Mayne. K Jose
Miss C Brower. S Joee
C H raircriild. S Catln
W Lawson. Alvarado
Miss Uroak. S Cruz
G A Buoll. Stockton
A "J misbury, Tulare
P D Green, Pcsadena
Mrs Green. Pat.«dl2na
F R Gwrge, N Y
H H 'Thloago
E ChaTjoers & fm LA
H Vollrr.cr i fm. L A
Him Jihcston. L Ang
M Brcslauer. Mllv.-kee
Mr* I'.res-lauer, Mll-.vke
)) Wcstwater. Colurab
W C Pierce, Cal
J F Davis, Jackson
S Davis, H A
C, W- Hoover. N T
J P Htuart, N Y
Miss M J Stuart, N Y
G Cox Jr, N Y
Mrs G Cox Jr, N T
Mayb-:ie Cox N Y
A ii Rodriguez, >T T
Mrs Rodriguez. NT
J E-Levl, N Y
M E Hushes. Mass
E C Mix, N Y
A P Rogers. N Y
E P Leach. Denver
F Spranger Jr, Detrt
A A Levl. N V
Mrs A A I>evl. N Y
B M Babbitt, Louisvle
II Whltlock. Louisvlle
Ella Doyle, N Y
J Eisfcndrath. Chcgo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. I
A I^'Tribbey, L Gatos
W H Foley. P Alto
F Gay, Eacto •
K Atkins, Oakdale
J Bitzer. Chicago
F J Schulti, n Island
R Smith & w. Reno
J Beeba, £ Jose
J Ryan, Oresron
T Fay, Vallejo
W S Christensen, Etkn
G -Anilerson, Stkn
H 1: Curtln, Fresno
P Paulnen. Madera
T K Styles. S Blego
K Jennings. Livermore
C II Watson. Hanford
J E Hill, Patten
W M Davis, Berkeley
Mr. Spreader— We artists, you know, al
ways sign our pictures.
Mrs. Gewgaw— Oh,- I see— so you won't
be tempted to bla.me them on each other. —
Chicago Record.
PALACE HOTEL.
A C Patterson. Herk*ly
A Martin Jr & w. Or
D J i-ainton. PortlanJ
S H Glenn & w. Iikrsd
Mm J SHanklin. Bkrc-d
V F Slrocor. S Diego
J I) Blddle. Hanford
H Glnp. Lr* Ans^l^a
M Caiizijrer, L Ang
A J Uledsoe. rklah
E M Wilkinson. Wats\
Misis M ll'jdtrers. V.ntv
Mrs A Walters. Walsvl
MIks II Waters. \Vat«v
J C Cralc. w & e. Cal
Miss M Masters. Cal
C Jacob. Mokelumne H
J ikCudien. Vall«»«n
M!«s McCiidden, Valljo
J B Hisrrins. Reno
C E Loder. Reno
G G Brooks, Oolu?a.
W L Nicol. New York
B B laming. Auburn
J J Chambers. KMding
U F Lenord. Denver
K H Blossom. Blossom
It E Wallace, Cal
C A Hamilton & w,
Stockton
W Dolan. Sacramento
R T Heath. Oal •
A J Larson. Lodl
F G Can: Lodi
C Mendell. Oakland
C Eassett. Fresno
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
Loss Was Slight, However, When
Compared With the Record of
Former Years.
"Work was plenty for the Fire Depart
ment on the past Fourth and all day long
it was kept busy answering alarms.
The most serious fire was the one in the
roof of a block of flats at Pine and Ma
son streets, which occurred at 2:39 a. m.
The other blazes were all more or Ies3
serious, but no loss of life was suffered
in any of them. The cause of almost every
one was fireworks. Following is the de
tailed record:
Wednesday. July 4. 2:35 a. m.— Box 13. 9S0,
9S2 and 9S4 Pine street, three-story frame; own
ed by G. Podesta; loss on building, consider
able. C. H. Ward, dwelling; loss almost total.
I. Oppenhelmer, dwelling; loss, iwrtlal. Julia
A. Bachelder, dwelling; loss, partial. Three
story lrame next west, owned by Achille Con
sanl: unoccupied; making alterations; loss,
small. 974 and 976 Pine street, two-story
frame; owned by Hueston estate; occupied by-
Mrs A. Newman and Renolds as dwellings;
loss on buildine8. small; contents, slight if
any. Cause, fireworks. Fire service, 2 hours
and 5 minutes. Covers spread, 25
Wednesday. July 4, 9:24 a. m.— Box 163. va
cant lot next 1171 Chestnut street; rubbish;
fireworks.
Wednesday. July 4, 1:03 p. m.— Box 391, va
cant lot. Waller and Clayton streets, southeast
corner: burning grass; fireworks.
Wednesday, July 4. 2:31 p. m.— Box 418. va
cant lot. Fifth avenue and A street; burning
Crass; fireworks.
Wednesday. July 4, 2:41 p. m.— Box 61. 221,
22i'-i and 223 Natoma street, two-story frame:
owned by J. r». liagrln; unoccupied dwelling;
loss, silent. Cause, fireworks.
Wednesday. July 4, 4:02 p. m.— Box 79, 210
Twelfth street, two-story frame; owned by
Mrs. H. McCrohan: occupied by same as dwell
ing; loss on roof burning off.
Wednesday, July 4. 4:19 p. m.— Box 413, va
cant lot. Eighth avenue and California street;
burning crass; fireworks. *
Wednesday. July 4. 4:55 p. m.— Box 158. 249
Langtnn street, two-story frame; owned and
occupied by Mrs. Gorman as storage of fur
niture: loss, small; fireworks.
Wednesday, July 4, 5:36 p. m.— Box 336, va
cant lot, Parnassus avenue, near First avenue;
burning grass; fireworks.
Wednesday. July 4, 5:55 p. m.— Box 316, va
cant lot, Dcvisadero street, near Green; bum
\\n grass: fireworks.
Wednesday, July 4. 8:23 p. m.— Box 162, bon
fire: Union and Franklin streets.
Wednesday, July 4, 9:1S p. m.— Box 142, 262
and 261 Lexington avenue, two-story frame;
owned hy J. M. McCluskey; occupied by J.
Pheley and J. H. Kelley; slight, roof; flre-
worxs.
Wednesday. July 4. 10:05 p. m.— Box 82, rub
bish In vacant lot. Gough street and Locust
avenue; fireworks.
Wednesday, July 4, 10:16 p. m. — Box 14S, 138
Cnpp street, three-story frame; owned and oc
cupied by J. Wiese as dwelling; loss, small;
cause, Kupposed coal oil lamp.
Thursday, July 5, 1:53 a. m.— Auxiliary box
19. 210 Jackson street, two-story and basement
brick; owned by Eliza A... Provines; occupied
by Honfj Kee as overall factory; loss consider
able. 2C8 Jackson street, storage of Govern
ment Hfe-savinK stores; Joss, small; cause,
supposed coal oil lamp; fire service, 1 hour and
S7 minutes; covers spread. 27.
Thursday, July 5, 2:29 a. m.. box 129—14 Lynch
place, two-story frame; owned by John Felton,
occupied by J. S. Cummlng* as dwelling: esti
mated loss on building and contents consider
able. 16 Lynch place, one-story frame; owned
by John Felton, occupied by A. Salmer as
dwelling; loss considerable. 26 Lynch place,
owned by Mrs. E. Schneider, occupied by same
as dwelling; loss small; cause, fireworks.
Thursday, July 5, 3:30 a. m.. box 287—415
Twenty-ninth street, one-story frame: owned
p.nd occupied by John C. Contreras as dwelling:
loss considerable. 1 One-story frame rear: owned
and occupied by same; Ions considerable. 413
Twenty-ninth street, one-story frame; owned
and occupied by W. II. Davis; shed in rear.
409 Twenty-ninth street, one-story frame;
owned by Mrs. K. V. Becheks, occupied by John
Cameron as dwelling; roof burned. 411 Twenty
ninth street, two-story frame; owned and occu
pied by Mary Duprey as dwelling; building
scorched. SIS Day street, one-story frame; rear,
ehed: owned by Lottie Chaffer. 316 Day street,
one-story frame; owned by John Gabt, occupied
by Charles Bruckstedt as dwelling.
m m ¦
Lincoln Preferred to Walk.
Abraham Lincoln came to Columbus on
September 18. 1S59. and spoke from the
east terrace of the State House. He was
announced as the "Hon. Abraham Lincoln
of Illinois." and camp to Columbus under
the auspices of the Young Men's Repub
lican Club, better known as the "Wide
Awakes." This was his first speech in
Ohio. He spoke in the forenoon to a lartre
audience, and the late Hon. George M.
Parsons waB chairman of the meeting.
That evening he was escorted to the
market house on Town street by a com
mittee consisting of the Hon. E. L. Taylor
Sr., Charles Scarlett, General James M.
Comley and Charley Wine, and he spok*
for a second time., Mr. Lincoln stopped
at the old Neil House, and when the com
mittee met him there to take him to the
market house meeting they had a carriage
at the door. "Oh, let's walk, boys," said
Lincoln, and he started out with Taylor
at hlH side, the great Republican leader
co%-erin& about five feet- In each step.
Every one of the party was well winded
except Lincoln when they reached the
speaking place.— Columbus State Journal.
An Arboreal Wedding.
There recently took place in. this neigh
borhood a weddingr which was as startling
as any one could wish. It seems that the
bride had peculiar notions about--wed
dings, and she had made up her mind to
have her marriaRp different from- the
ordinary ceremonial. There were to be
no attendants except the maid of honor,
the bride's sister, and at the appointed
hour the family congregated about a
large gnarly tree, the oldest growing on
the country place, where the alfresco
service was • to . take place."-.-' At the* same
time the bride and groom 'maid of honor
and the clergyman came from the house,
and when they reached the -tree -they
climbed It, andithe" ceremony 1 was ' per-'
formed amid the foliage of. the lower
branchea.— Louisville Courier-Journal.
MANY FIRES WHILE THE
CITY MADE HOLIDAY
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
German Savings and Loan Society to Mary A.
Neary iwife of N. B-). lot 5, block 2, Marlon
Tract (hosrKal lot); J10.
Estate of Grace Copithorne (by Michael
Cooney. executor) to Minnie Lurhessl. lot oa^L
line of Howard street. 212:8 NE of Twelfth, NE
23 SE 10O. SW 23:8. NW 10O: JC060.
City and County of Pan Francisco to Peter
Swall, lot on E line of Woodwards avenue (Jt?s
»ie street). 373 N of Fourteenth. N* 12:6, E .0,
S 23:8. W 70; S . t, .
"Walter M. Cordy to Jessie O. Cordy. lot on
E line of Hartford street, 222 S of Nineteenth.
S 25 by E Ho; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Margaret
Pep'.n lot en E line of Harrison street. US S
of Twenty-third, S 26 by E»100; S .
Italian Bersagliert Mutual Benevolent So
ciety (a corporation) to BersaKllerl Building
and Homestead Association (a corporation), lot
on SW corner of Union ar.d Stockton streets, a
6S:9 by W 115: $23,000.
Frank E. and Gertrude Peabody to Charles
Carpy. lot en E corner of Brannan and Fourth
, streets. SE 137 :« by NE 137:6; *10.
Alfred C. Seymour to William Kunnecke and
; Henry Frlsrhe lot on W lin* of Michigan
j street. 100 N of Sierra. N 25. W 120, S 26. E to
James F. and Mary R. Cheesewrlght to John
H Sullivan, lot on E line of Fourth avenue, U2
N'of California street. N 25 by E 120; $1<X
Richard and Ethelind I>. Adams to Annie B.
Bradstreet. lot on NE corner of Forty-fifth ave
nue and W street. E 32:6 by N 100; also lot on
E line of Forty-fifth avenue, 100 J* of W street.
N 25 by E 1*0; $100.
Annie B. Bradstreeet to Mary A. Neary same
(2 pieces); |1M>.
Alameda County.
N. Gertrude Brown to Thomas E. Hampton,
lot on S Hne of Benton street. 41 W of Brown.
W 41 by S 116, being lot 35. resubdivision block
A, Brumajrlm Tract. Oakland: $10.
Nis and Sophie Hansen to Andrew and Han
nah Schrensen, lot 37, Map of Henry & Phil
lips' Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Carolina TV Marsellis (administratrix of the
estate of William Keller) to Frank A. Pratt,
lot IS Orchard Tract, Broeklyn Township: $550.
Frank A. Pratt to Alice V. Baxley (single),
eame; $10.
Frauds B. and Sara M. Wilde to Joanna
M. Driscoll (widow), lot on SE corner of San
Pablo avenue and Seventeenth street. S 63.93 E
S4. N 20, W 103.3T> to beginning, portion lots 31
and J2, block B, Map of Survey made for G. C.
Potter March 28. 1S77. Oakland; $10.
Joanna M. Driscoll to Margaret Hart, same;
?10.
Henry and Rosa Mohr to Edith R. Koch (wife
of Peter), lot on W line of Taylor terrace.
1S4:9S N of Twenty-third street. N 35 by W 100.
being lot 1 and N 10 feet of lot 2. Map of. C
L. Taylor's property. Oakland; $10.
Walter F. and Marcaret W. Lewis to E. A.
Heron, rcrecord €23 D. 473, lot 4. block F, Map
of Peralta Heishts. East Oakland; $3000.
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Karl H.
Nickel, lot 4, block F. same; $10.
G. L. and Amelia M. Talt to Albert J. and
Ralph R. Clarke. 1 acre on N line of Glen ave-i
nue, distant NW 303.03 from point of Intersec
tion of West High street, widened to 90 feet «mi
said N line of Glen avenue, thence NE 333.83
feet, NW 130.47. SW 333.85. SE 130.47 to begin
ning, being portion lot 2, Map of Land? Brook
lyn Land Company, Brooklyn Township; $10.
William and Kate Walsh to same, lot on S
line of ForTest avenue, 307:6 E of Center street.
E 61:6 by S 102. being lot 17. block D, Map of
Property Berkeley Homestead Association.
Berkeley; Tl'>. _
Thomas and DeBt>. McGinnls to Georcla J.
Johnson, lot on S line of Eleventh street. 75 E
of West. E B0 by S 100, being lots 9 and 10. block
149. Oakland; $10.
San Francisco Mutual Loan Association to
Annie M. Heyer (widow), lot en NW line of
Fifteenth avenue. 58 NE of East Sixteenth
street. NE 28, NW 52.59, SW 23.6. SE 57.99 to
beginning, portion of lots 1. 2 and 3, block 32,
San Antonio, East Oakland; $10.
W. J. Robinson to Julia C. Merwin (wife of
E. W.), lot on W line of Walnut street. 240 S
of Clinton avenue. S 40 by W 125. being lot 7.
block D. Bellevue Tract. Alameda. quitclaim
d-x-rt: $10.
Patrick Cavanagh to J. F. Moran. lot on a
line of Tompkins street. 240 W of Dwindle. TV
120 by S 135. being lot 3. block 7, Map of prop
erty State University Homestead Association
No. 3. Berkeley; $10.
James L. and Annie E. McCarthy to Olive
K. Strieker, lots 43 to 46, block 34. Resubdivlsion
of Smith's subdivision of Matthews Tract.
Berkeley; J10.
Josephine F. and Emllle A. Brusrulre to
Charles E. Davis, lots 19 and 20 of Subdivision
G, Frultvale Terminal Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Same to Elbert G. Perkins. lots 17 and 18. in
Subdivision G, same. Brooklyn Township; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Karl Gold
stein, lot on NE corner of Railroad avenue and
St. Charles street. N S3 by E 100, being lot 14.
block K. Taylor and Page Tract. Alameda: $10.
William C. and Frederick McGregor to Fan
nie Weber, all Interest In lots 14, 15 and IK and
TV 23 feet of lots 17 and 18. block 149. Oakland;
gift.
William Tuill (by David Taul. attorney) to
Annie J. Wharton (wife of John R.). lot on S
line of Crawford street. 660 E of San Pablo
.avenue. E SO. S 222.9, W 80. N 220.10 to begin
ning, being lot 10. block G. J. W. Crawford
Tract, Oakland: S10. J
Mary D. Potter to Horace V. Ross, lot on S
line of B street. SS W of Hannah, W 23 by S
1C0. being lot C. block 734, Map of B street
subdivision of Watts Tract, Oakland; $10.
Same to same, lot 5 of subdivision of lot 8,
Dunigan Tract. Oakland; $10.
John M. and Mary Faughnam to D. R, Mc-
Pherson, lots > 77, 7S and 79, Searles Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $50.
A. O. W. Hlckox to Edith Elliott, lot or. N
line of Santa Ciara avenue, 300 W of Willow
street, W 50 by N 2C7:6. being lot 3. block 9.
lands adjacent to Encir.al. Alameda.: $10.
Clara A. and Henry Burns to Frederick E.
Mason, lot on NW corner of Alameda avenue
and Park street. TV 120:1. N 60:7. E 124:5, 3
50:9 to beginning, portion of lots 13 and 14,
block U. lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda;
$10.
Mary Knox to Oliver Goldsmith, five acres,
being lot IS. Map of L. Knox Tract, portion of
San Leandro P.ancho, Eden Township: $10.
Jacob and Una Heyman to Eureka J. Ward,
lot on W line of Eola street. S7:4H S of Vlr
jrinla, S 6S by W 90. beir.s lotft 11 and 12 and S
~\i feet of lot 10, block 3. Teachers'. State Uni
versity Homesetad, Berkeley; $10.,-
Oakland Bank i of Savings to John M. and
Antonla Viera. lot 23, block G. Bay View Home
stead. Oakland; *375.
Robert J. Cherry to Rose A. Cherry, lot on S
line of Handy street. 33.80 W from E boundary
line of Lorln Villa Tract. S 120. W 43, N 120.
E 40 to beginning, being lot 15, Lorin Villa
Tract, Berkeley; gift.
I Builders' Contracts.
. C. SDrecht (owner) with L. Morrison (con
tractor), architect William Curlett— All altera
tions and additions to a two-story frame build-
Ing (flats), commencing 110:6 E from NE corner
of Guerrero and Camp streets, E 24x99 14; $2500.
LATE SHIPPING INTEXLIGENCE.
Tnursday. July 5.
Stmr W II Kruger, Krog, 50 hours from San
Pedro.
Bchr Impossible. Low. S hours from Point
R*yes.
There were several meetings at trfe
headquarters of the Native Sons semi
centennial celebration committee in the
Palace Hotel last night.-
The parade committee received a num
ber of suggestions for features which will
be acted on at a future meeting. It J3
proposed to have the Exempt Firemen.
Sons of Exempts, Veteran Volunteer As
sociation and Veterans of the Paid Fire
Department form a division of the parade
and to have in line the pioneer engina
"49," the side-brake machines of the vol
unteer days and the old style hose carts.
A subcommittee, consisting of Messrs.
Grady, Costello and Stock was appointed
to visit these associations with a view
toward having them join forces as sug
gested.
The chairmen and vice chairmen of the
several subcommittees held a meeting at
which there was an interchange of ideas
as to the manner of expediting the work
on hand. It was decided to send a circular
letter to all parlors of the NatlvcDaugh
ters of the Golden West asking their co
operation in the big event and requesting
them to announce what part they will
take.
The badge and regalia committee dis
cussed a number of suggestions in relation
to souvenir badges and will present these
at the meeting of the general committee
to-night.
The grand marshal sent special, Invita
tions to the aids who were on the staff
of the grand marshal in 1&50 and from one
he received a reply in the following
words:
SALIXAS, July 3. WOO.
Yours of the 2d lnst. received. I feel highly
hone red at your selection of myself as special
chief aid In the coming Admission day celebra
tlcn and take great pleasure in accepting the
invitation. It is one cf those things which I
cannot well refuse, even at my age—^6 years.
On October 29. 1S50, I had under my charge
a wagon which contained a child born in each
State of the Union, each waving the Hag of
his State. The first American child born in
what Is now San Francisco was then a little
girl and carried the Bear flag.
¦With much appreciation of the honor con
ferred upon me I am. with great respect, yours
very truly, , J. 1). CAUK.
Dr. E. F. Stone, chairman, and J. H.
Marcuse, secretary of the joint ninth of
September celebration from Vuba parlors,
calied at headquarters at the Palace Ho
tel yesterday. They reported that Marys
ville, Camptonville and Wheatland par
lors wtll turn out In large numbers. The
proposition is that they will combine with
Oroville and Butte County parlors and
form a grand division. Dr. Stone and Mr.
Marcuse completed arrangements with
the railroad company to-day whereby ex
cursion rates will be given to San Fran
cisco.
William G. Murphy of Marysvllle, th.-»
sole survivor of the Donner party, and
Samuel Spicer of Comptonville. who was
one of the party that raised the Ameri
can flag at Monterey, have been invite'l
to be fpecial aids to the grand marshal.
Grand Marshal S. V. Costpllo has writ
ten a letter to the various Boards of Su
pervisors throughout the State, calling
their attention to the approach of the
semi-centennial celebration of the admis
sion of the State into the Union, and in
his letter states: ¦
"It is -within the province of the Board of
Supervisors of each county to make a suitable
appropriation to advertise the resources of
such county, and I would respectfully suggest
that there could be- no more opportune occa
sion for advertising the resources of this State
than will be afforded at the four-day cele
bratjon which will be held in San Francisco
beginning September 8 and concluding on Sep
tember 11 of the present year.
¦ We are therefore asking the earnest co-opera
tion of the Board of Supervisors of each coun
ty In the furtherance of this end. Every county
in California has some distinctive resource or
Industry, and if the counties could be repre
sented by appropriate floats it would add much
to the significance of the parade, and. would
be an unequaled advertisement of the resources
of our State.
I very respectfully invite you to deslenate
two representative citizens of your county to
act as aids to the grand marshal.
Appeal to the Native Daughters of
th£ Golden West to Co-Operate
With the Sons in the
Festivities.
An Effort Will Be Made to
Have the Old Volunteers
in One Division.
FIREMEN WANTED
FORTHE JUBILEE
IN SEPTEMBER
The commencement exercises of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons were
held last night at Odd Fellows' Hall. De
grees were oonferred upon thirty-three
graduates in medicine, thirty-nine in den
tistry and nine in pharmacy.
The character of the exercises was such
as to send the graduates out with heart3
filled with hope and high aspirations. The
hall was crowded with friends of the grad
uates and of the faculty. The members
of the latter body, numbering fifty-seven,
in academic cap and gown, occupied the
stage, and the graduating classes, also
with mortar-boards and flowing gowns,
filled the front rows of chairs.
Dr. Winslow Anderson, president of the
college, presided. Rev. Dr.' John Hemp
hill gave the Invocation. Hon. Frank I>.
Coombs' fdelivered a short address and Dr.
Anderson conferred the degrees upon the
graduates. Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson
delivered the closing address. The grad
uates are as follows:
Medical clas3— William George Beattie, Ed
ward Aubert Besson, Joel Clarence Booth, Wil
liam Eugene Buell Jr., William Tilmann Burks.
Elmer J. Couey. Annie L. Crook, Edward Kin
negan Cunningham (M. D.), Carl E. Curdts (M.
D.), Robert Metcalr Dodsworth, Charles Sher
idan Down, George William Goodale. Shlugo
Hashimoto, James David Hill, Ralph A. Hunt
inston. Albert W. Kirk. Calvin William
Knowle3 (D. D. S.), Otto Lalst, A. Parker
Lewis, George Washington Mallory, Sophia Jo
sephine McClelland (M. P.), William Peters,
Frank Clayton Pelrsol (M. D.). Harry Garritson
Plymire, Frank Peck Satterlee, Gertrude Anna
Sprlggs, Frank Augustus St. Sure, Charles M.
Troppmann (M. D.), Aimer Fletcher Veale, (M.
D.). Hugo A. Wahl, Benjamin Francis Wil
liams, Eugene G. Wood and Simon It. Zacha
riah.
Dental class — Milton Oscar Alexander, Fran
cis Marlon Baldwin, Charles Mallard Benbrook,
Jackson Lee Bedwell, Leroy Oliver Berger,
William Burnham, Stephen Croft. Adam Carl
son, Georee Milton Chase, Harry Jacob Chla
more, Isabella Cook-Hocking, Edward Cureton,
Allen Percival Deacon. John Angelo Delucchi,
John Alfred Eason, William Edward Fraser,
Rufus Milton Illirglns, Ellis Jones. John Walter
Key. Charles Phillpe Kellar. Robert Frank
Kane, William Hersey La Baree, Honore Leon
Lacoste. George Michael MacNevln, James M.
McCurry, Masajl Matsuda, Ernest Newton,
Henry Green Nixon, Milton Max Posner,
Ernest Otto Pleper, Georg-e Everett Pomeroy,
Frank Newman Rose, Henry Browder Rodgers,
Ernst Rudolph Schroeder. Gottlieb Spiess. Al
bert Erneat Sykes. Theodore Frank Vorwald,
Walter Scott Wright and Everett G. Williams.
Pharmaceutical class — Lucian M. Beall.
Thomas Dowlinp. "Ralph Felff, Henry Gonzalea,
Charles N. Lund. John Paul Michieli. Charles
A. Morris, Charles Edward Nledecker and
George Watt.
Large Classes in Medicine, Dentistry
and Pharmacy Bewarded Last
Night at Odd Fellows'
Hall.
GRADUATES IN
MEDICINE GIVEN
THEIR DEGREES
Commencement Exercises of
College of Physicians
and Surgeons.
The United States Treasury Department
has issued an order that all public officers
hereafter making shipments of public
moneys under the contract with the Unit
ed States Express Company will see that
each receipt issued therefor la stamped
by and at the expense cf the express com
pany. .
No one around the Custom-house
yesterday seemed to understand what
bearing this order would have on the
question of the liability of Wells-Fargo'a
Express Company for the price of stamps
on its receipts, for which stamps it makes
its patrons pay in every Instance.
It 13 not clear whether the order was
foundea upon some specific clause in the
contract with the United St3tes Express
Company, or whether the Treasury De
partment is proceeding upon Its own con
ception of the meaning of the stamp pn>
vlsion of the war revenue act.
Company in Giving Receipts for
Shipments of Public Moneys
JIust Stamp Same at Its
Own Expense.
Significant Order Issued
by the Treasury De
partment.
UNCLE SAM WILL
NOT PUT UP FOR
EXPRESS STAMPS
The will of the late Patrick Reddy, who
was one of the prominent lawyers of the
Pacific slope, was filed for probate yes
terday. It was written by himself.
In the petition prayingr for the probate
of the will it is stated that decedent's
estate consists of real and personal prop
erty; that the personal property is val
ued at $25,000 and that the realty, which
consists principally of mines and agri
cultural lands Jn Shasta, Inyo,* Mono.
Kern, Tulare and San Francisco Counties,
is worth $225,000.
The will reads, after declaring- his whole
property to be community property, as
follows:
I hereby give and bequeath all of my interest
in said community property to my brother, Ed
mond Reddy. now residing at San Quentln,
Marin County, Cal.
I hereby revoke a certain will made by me
on the 24th day of February, A. D. 1S70, at In
dependence. Inyo County, Cal., and all other
wills by me made.
I hereby appoint W. H. Metson my sole ex
ecutor of this, my last will and testament, and
to act as such executor without the necessity
of giving bonds.
The Loaiza Estate.
By the terms of the will of the late
"Wenceslao Loaiza, late senior member of
the firm of W. Loaiza & Co., who died
June 8, in New York City, leaving an
estate of unknown but large value, has
been filed for probate. Decedent be
queaths his estate, with the exception of
$6000, which he directs shall go to his son,
Wenceslao Loaiza, to his widow, Dolores
Padilla de Loaiza, and states that he has
full confidence that she will provide for
their children. Lola, Luis, Alberto, Fer
nando. Wenceslao and Amparo Loaiza.
Charles M. Belshaw filed a petition yes
terday for letters of administration upon
the estate of his late mother, Jane E.
Belshaw. who died June 26 in this city.
The petitioner states that decedent's
eptate is worth $100,000 and that iie is her
sole heir at law.
The Property, Real and Personal, % Has
Been Estimated to Bs Worth
at Least a Quarter of a
Million.
PATRICK REDDY
LEFT AN ESTATE
OF GREAT VALUE
It Will Be Equally Divided
Between His Widow and
Brother. \
Woman, Who Is Suspected of Thefts
at Other Wayside Places, Is
Caught at Home and
Disgorges.
"Wllhelmina Duvall, wife of a contractor
living on Union street, near Broderick,
was arrested yesterday afternoon by De
tectives Reynolds and McMahon and
charged at the City Prison with grand
larceny. The axresi was made on com
plaint of Charles Dahl, proprietor of the
"Bungalow," a resort on the Ingleslde
road, who tells a peculiar tale of the theft.
According to his story he was working
among the flower beds surrounding .his
house when Mrs. Duvall, who was riding
a bicycle and who had been to his place
before, approached him and asked him
• to bring her a glass of "beer. After get
ting the liquor she coaxed him to make
her a bouquet of flowers. He complied
with her request and while he was around
the corner of the house Mrs. Duvall
mounted her wheel and was soon out of
sight.
Dahl had left his vest containing £3 In
five-dollar gold pieces, a gold watch and
chain, two knives and a brass match box
on the ground near Mrs. Duvall and on
his return it was gone. After a search
It was found In an outhouse near by with
the pockets empty.
Dahl went to several places along the
road which he knew Mrs. Duvall occa
sionally visited and, though she could not
be found, he learned that she lived some
where near the Presidio. Th« police were
Informed and soon located the residence.
Mrs. Duvall was not at home, but the de
tectives waited for her. When she ar
rived the officers searched her' and found
some of the stolen articles snugly hid
den in her bloomers. The woman at first
offered some resistance and ran Into a
side room. When the officers forced their
way Into the room they found her trying
to secrete the watch. The money and
all the missing articles except the chain
were finally located.
Mrs. Duvall has been suspected of steal-
Ing on several occasions from the road
houses at Ingleslde. The police believe
that she is a kleptomaniac.
Mrs. Du vail Visits Resort on
Bicycle and Steals Watch
and Coin, i
MADE BLOOMERS
RECEPTACLE FOB
STOLEN GOODS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900.
NAUTICAL HYGIENE.
Germany Establishes an Institute at
Hamburg for the Study of
Sailors' Ailments.
Liverpool and London have for some
time supported establishments that are
specially devoted to promoting the health
of seamen and to studying and treating
the diseases to which mariners are pecu
liarly liable. Germany has now followed
this excellent example and has established
the Hamburg Institute for the study of
nautical hygiene.
13
nOOMS A\D DOAIID.
a. faMILT having a large. . refined, ¦well fur^
ti**»2"h^1 ii^'isip will iicooriimotijilc u few* iiti —
MEi v-'th references: tabie and all appoint-
rm nt« Brst-ctegg. Box 2Ti7L Call office.
:. DHNNISTON. ccrner Valencia and
T« : nty-tirst tts.: warm belt: choice sunnv
¦ :-.-.': Fir.Rle ar.d en suite; SS and So5 and
UJ ; BTSt-ClW.
•'^ADnuny.lOM Ca!!forr.:a-New modern
family hotel: excellent table: lOo beautifully
f-,irr..;hed roorac; moderate; phone Hyde 2771.
'¦.TV-SIXTH. S377. n«ar Mission— Nicly
f.:rT:.'!icd sunfiy rooms, with or without
.;: 1. at very reasonable rrlcts.
I..- s" i -ALMAS. :m Market stT^Suite of ! or S
rn~f.: rrivate; bath; sin. ras. ; board optional.
y. iSOX, 1?A— B^ard and rooms, JJ DO a week
¦ ; . home cookir.R. .- * v;-;
SI'nCIAl. XOTICES.
NOTICE i« hereby piven that th* Maria Kin
Orrlicnag* 1 of £20 Lake «.. San Francisco has
received the followinB orphan, half-orrhan
nn.1 «hanjf.ne<i »rtrls from March 31 to June
U. I9t»: Marricttfi E. McKewen. 4 years «
m^nthf; Sarah C. McCarthy. 13 years S
months; Mary E. McCarthy. JO years 5
months: Esther H. Snyders. J year 4
n-.onth*: Kmrr.a E. Fisher. 11 years € months;
?>::)'a C. ri'h'-r. 7 years 2 months. •
BOOMS rarered from »3: whitened. SI up-
; ..¦r.tlng done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
PAD tenants pjected for $4: crllerttin* ma<ie7
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
r ". *'' T^^rtfprnenf rt., rocmy 9-10: tel. H^,.}.
HBWna MACHIXES AXD SCI'I'LIES.
ALL kinds boucht. told and repairing Kuaran-
teel. Chag. riarabeck. 1?15 Mission, nr. Uth.
ALL kinds bouKht. exchanged, rented;
rPT-ninr.g at i--w«»rf mtt-y. yi5 Fourth Ft.
STORAGE AXD IVAIlEJIpt SES.
WILSON BROS.. Btorape and movlr.K:"covered
var.s. Tenth and Market: phcr.e South 762.
PACIFIC Storage «nd Furniture Mcvinff Com-
P«r--y. t220 KUlmcre St.; phone Jackson Ml.
BEKBCS Van an-1 Sfrsiife Co.. 7^ Mission st..
<«¦'. V.-'n •»<"- Parkirg. mrvir.c a:i1 ftoragi'/
TYPEWRITERS AXD SI 1TLIES.
CHEAT BAHGAIKS 4N TTPEWRrTElltS^-i
*eil better machines for less mcaev than any
hcu^e in tt» city; rentals. 13. The Typewriter
r.x-'hfcr.r*. 'M falif.rria. telephone Main IS5.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DCOKBLCT HEAL ESTATE.
t-* rr ' — N'ET\". nrxlcrn house of 6 rooms, bath-
room ar.il laundry; hardwo<3d finish; 1 block
from university anl Berkeley station. See
r 'vn»r at :sn Ad<i:son gt.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD FinXlTlRE FOR SALl3.
AN introductl! n to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture d^aier. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
DIVIPEN'D NOTICE— To the shareholders of
the Independent Ued lien? Hail Association.
la the la«t regular medir.g of the directors
of the Inde;*-ndt-nt lied M'n's Hall Associa- |
tloo a dividend was declared of 3oc per chare, !
payable on July 6. at S o'clock p. m., in Ued
Men's Ha!i, iiJ Kufh (t.
P. C. GRIEB. President
B. A. gAMMAXX. Secretary.
MVil'EM.' X< iTlClv— The Nevada National
Hank of .S«n Francisco. At a regru'.ar meet-
ir.c cf the Board cf Directors of this bank,
held July 3. tX», a dividend wa« declared for
th*^ ha'.f year »-n<Jinc June r>. li*0. at the rate
of seven <7* per cent per annum, payable on
arJ a'ter the :*th in«t. Transfer bc>cks will
be closed from the luth to the ifth inst., both
days Inclusive GEORGE GRANT,
July 3, POft, Secretary.
DIVII.'ENt> notice.— THE GIANT POWDEIi
COMPANY. COX. A dividend. No. 19, of rev-
rtty-flve c«-nt» »T5c> r«r share on the issued
CEpltai ttc<k cf the cr^m»any has been de-
clared payable at the office of the ccmpar.y.
430 Calitcrnia ttrept. fan Francisco, on July
J'th. DM Tmnrfer books dOM July Sd. im.
ft nrK-.n. A. A. SPARKS. Pecre'.Hry.
THE Continental riuiidin* and Loan Associa-
tion. cern<>r of California and Sanjome sts..
for tin- half year enjing June 30. 1S0O. has Je-
cl«reo a dividend <#f i per cent per annum on
ordinary deposit*; € per cent en term <i»-
rosits; 10 f>«r cent f> Class "K"' stock, and 12
I>er cent to Clap* "A."
CAPT. QI.IVER ELDRIDCE, President.
WILLIAM CORB1N. Secretar>'.
XI1'MBOL.DT Savinrs and Loan Society. 18
Cei'y »:. — The directors have declared the'fol-
towlnc semi-annual dividends: 3 €0 per cent
rmir< on ordinary deK^its. payable on and
gftrr July 2. 1>00. EP.N'CST BRAND. Sec.
PROPOSALS.
P8OFOSAUC for aparrjos— Denot Quartermas-
t^r'f <"fticf. S6 New 3Iontj:omen' itreet Fan
Francisco. Ccl.. July Z, 1900. Sealed pro;>osaii
in duplicate, will be received at thi« office un-
til 11 o'clock a. m., July 21. 1«K>, Pacific
Standard tlrr.e. an-5 then opened for furniFh-
Jn? ta» ajiarejos complete, and extra rarts. |
Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tie r-rodactian and trsanufacture. conditions !
of price and quality being equal (including in i
Tr» price of roreicn production and manufac- I
turr- the duty thereon), and s=uoh rreference \
Will be cfven to artlciesi cf American produc-
ts r Jir.d manuTacture produced on the Pacific
Cast tr> the extent of the consumption re-
quir* » J:y the putilic service there. The United
Ftau« rfs«-n<-s the right to accept or reject
any or all rrcpoi'als OT any part thereof.
Inf r;T.ati^n and blanks for proposals will
h" furnifhed rai arr'licatinn. Envelor-es con-
taining prnjxisalg will l>e endorsed "Pro- I
p-Ttsls for Atarejc*. No. r.SCT." and addressefl I
to Maior OSCAR F. LONG. QuartermaEter
V. H Vr,lj«.. Pcriot Quartermaster.
r 1 |
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The f -1! .wing marriage license* were Issued
yeMTday:
J. !;n J. Hennessey, 23, city, and Mary E.
Hcjan. 2», city.
W illiam F. Brusewitz. J7, Oakland, and
Hmma Japel*. t\ <>akland.
Jamrs II. Daly. 27. f^anta. Cruz, and Mary O.
IJcFarland. Sf. Loavenwnrth. Kan.«.
f:harlc5 A. Qrecory. ?.i. Kenyan City, Mo.,
enJ Lula K. Witt. 26. Kansas City. Mo.
H«^nr> S. Linnell. 21. city, and Kate L. Long-
maid. 21, city.
Manual A. Macharto. :;2. €S .Tackston Ftreet,
en-1 Maria da hilveria. ». CS Jarkson Htreet.
<;iu?»rpi Franzia. »•. Stockton, and Teresa
Carrara, 21. 5 JafrT i>lace.
Tobia Oiancoll, 30, Elk, and Maria Maffei, 27,
Oakland.
Jacob LerpoM. JS. 365 Haypj street, and Frida
!>"¦'>•. V,, fa Harriet rtr^et.
Olo'U'? d*AlRMUs«i 2 k . Ruthford. and Mary
Tonella. 2Z. city.
Mount C. Lord, T.. city, and Lulu A. Brown,
52, <~lty.
Mairfltn Vitrue, S3. Marys\ il'.o, and Rosalie
Fauret. 2'. city.
Georsc A. Sander*. V,, Hedrlck, Ind., and i
CaroUm Jr<hns<in. 2«. is<:i Cl*y ureet.
Eirth, marriage and death notices g^nt by
mail will not be inserted. They rr.UFt be handed
In at either of the publication ofiicee and be
\tAc,tt°4 with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
CRKENn-HICJINS-In this city. July 5. 1W, j
by the IJrv. I>r. John A. 1?. Wilson. Paul D. j
green* and umlly <i. Uintna, both cf San \
Fnnciwn
LASDBLRG- CAHLPON— In this city. July 8. j
1SC0, by the llev. I>r. E. NVIander. Charles I
!>andb»»rs and Agr.es S. Carlson, both of Kan i
I'rjn olico. . »- -
Lr.NT- «fIIJ^-In Haj-»ardB. May 13, 1?CO. by
tl.r Kcv. itsUrrt Uarley. Alfred H. Lent of I
fitm York and Harriette Frances Hill of San
VIVIAN-SPKLLAN-Ir. this city, June TS, 1SO0,
•t St. I.ukr'c Church, by the Kev. W. A.
iir<-r«. Haroid A. Vivian and Gertrude It.
>-;«'.:rin. t)oih of San Francisco.
~DIED.
Brrjwjiiet. Andrew Li»!O», Lizrle
Bo-.ven. Adelfcrld McPake. Hanau
lir:)Wn. LatvreM* A. JjcraKe. Sarah .
Dickson. George li. Miuhell. lUvid
L»«novan. John Mitchell. Elizabeth
Fails. ¦ :. rv VT. Mulvin. Mary
Gavin. William OUrer. Mrs. Miner\-a
Grume. Fred \V. Hy<e. Andrew C.
Gnifh, Her.rj- Kchull. Rcsalie
Harrison, »<-l\-» Stoltz. Gertrude
Lou«hlKirr-U£h, Alcr- Tt-dford. IZmma. A.
ar.aer Z. \\ tnlworlh, Mary 11.
BOKQrET— In th'.s city. July «. 1300, Andrew,
dearly beloved husband <( Anna M. Itosyuet.
and father ot Mr*. Kmile l J ortaJ of t^anta
<"lara an-i J<*epiiir.e C. J^onquet. a native of
Montreal, Canaca. aK«:d 6S years S tnonths
*pdii qay», <,san Jone papers please copy.)
ZyrrienZr are r»-st>'?ctfully invited to
teni the fuixral thi« day (Friday), at 9 .
o cJocu. ;rom bi< !ate residence. 1J';!> Goush
Mreet. thence to St. JIary's Cathedral. Van
Nt-«s cver.ue ard O'Fam-U 5tr«-ctn. for ferv- '
ices. Interment Mount Calvary Ceinetcry." '.
UOV.EN— In Shis city. July 5. 1300, Adelh=M '
«lfe of Jchn Uowen. and mothtr of John J.
Borra, a native cfllremcrvoerde, Germany,
«2-fd T2 years.
CTIntcrmcnt private. Please omit Hovers. '
CllOW.V-Xear Dillon. Mcnt.. June 28, HX»
I-a'Ti-nce A. Brown, a native of Georgia, eKed 1
12 years C months and i<i days. [ (
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
£-• Sreainers leave Broadway
fck / wharf, San Francisco:
ErW_^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
t? j y : "i»? E V J U 'V 10 - l: >- M - 2Z - "'• August
fC,£»fC^»%-«^ 4. Chnrc* to company's st.-.im-
I$^i«?3^&* ror Victoria. Vancouver in.
KfcjC2£'""''s] C), Fort Townsend, Seattle.
f * ™t£?*iNj'2* Ta'-oma. Everett. Anncrt**
*•*¦ and Mew ¦WThatcota (Wash.) —
** U a. in.. July 10. 15. 20, 25.
30. /Ansust 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to thi3 company's steamers
for Alaska and G. ft. R'y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y.: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humbrfldt Bay— 2 p. m.. July
7. It. 17, 22. 27, Aujrust 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Pan Pimeon. Cay-
tjcos. Port Harforrl (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Ban Pedro.
East Saa Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport —
9 a. m.. July 6. W, 14, 19, 12. 26. 30. August
3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego. stoDDlnir only at Port Flar-
ford (San Luis OMspo*. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redon-ln I Los Ansretes>— 11 a.
m.. July S, 12. It tO, 2t, 2S. August 1. and every
fourth 'lay thereafter.
For Ensenada. M.iKilalena Bay. ?an Jose del
CabD. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas {Mexicoj — 1 • a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company re»»rves the- rltrfct to charge
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sallinff
OFFirEf-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * TO., Oen. Affents.
10 Market st, T.an Francisco.
THE 0. R u & II. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P 5 o:R. r x i :L J -A.3srD
Frcm Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
Cirir $12 first Class including 83rt:-i
rMnC S3 Second Class and Meats.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
July 12. 22. AUJT. 1
COLUMBIA sails July 7. 17. 27. Aus. 9
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and ail points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General A*ent.
63) Market st,
GOODALL, PERKLVS & CO.,
Superintendents-
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dispatch for *
NOME,
PORT CLARENCE, CAPE YORX AND
SAFETY HAP.B03
The Elesant. Commodious. Fast Al Panra-
c«r Steamship
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-five hundred tons* displacement.
ABOUT AUGUST 1.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
KIMBALL. STKAM3HIP CO..
TtO Market St., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
ttW YORK. S0IJTHAHPTC2I. LOXDOX ?A2XSL
Stopping at Cherbourg:, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, ID a, ra.
New York July r[->t. Louis July IS
St. Paul July lS.'New York August «
KED STA-t Ll.ii.
New Yorl^ or>d Ar\twf-%.
Froin New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland July fliPmithwark July S
Friesland July IS I Westernland ..August 1
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
EMPIRE LINE.
S. S. "OHIO" from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael. May 24. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
toints. June 30. July SI. August 30. For rate*
and other information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montgomery street.
TOYO RISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAJ£P\ COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m..—
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling »t
Kobe <Hlogo) r Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hontrkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MART7 Tuesday, July 10. 1300
S3. AMERICA MARU
Friday. August 3. 1900
SS. HO.NGKOSO MARC
Wednesday. August t>. MOO
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company 1 * office,
421 Market street, corner First.
; TV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COHPAGSIE GSN'BALE TB153ATLlyTI(JuT:.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *vs»-
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <^*iv?5»
Saturday, f rcrn November 2. 1S95. at " ** fc *v«>
W a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA LORRAINE. July 12: LA BRE-
TAGNE. July 19; LA CHAMPAGNE. July W:
LA TOraAISE, August 2. First elas* . to
Havre. $*2 50 and upward. Second class to
Havre, Jo5 and upward: 5 per vent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOTt
ITNITEn STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way fHUflson Buildlnr). New York. J V.
FirGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 3 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
Oceanic s. s. co.-noxor.ri.u, apia
AQCK1A5O AND SYU.NEY.
S. S. MOANA (via Honolulu), to New Zea-
land and Australia. ...Wed.. July 11. S p. in.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only).»
Wednesday. July 25. 2 p. m.
J. D. SPR5CKELS & 3SCS. CO.. A ;ts.. 14 iWontgcroon
Pier 7. Foot Paci& St Frei;M Otflcs.32? SSartet St.
r/ 4\ £> B 1 /% <* I STM7* HATH OK .65CO Totm]
fi&VOlIlUO 8L2l li, luxub r.leacoTon.
. S£SAPIS .4000 Tonal
Ksn'Uiy n1"Tig tor Valparaiso aad HaaSicrK ,
Ttailexicxa por^» t>a^=l.Couth Aa>ertea.ctc |
S.S. Serapis. 4000 tons, sails Acut July 1 i
1 I). 3PREfiKt-H* !(R<'-S. ''»•••»?«<«». Ill *<mtfmirj%tl
»Ur >, 7— » ft'atl UB/9, gn »«rk>t Xl^*tm fnw hn I
BAY AND BIYER STEAMEB3.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AMD VALLEJO.
Steamer- "Montlcsllo. "
MON"., Tues.. Wed., Tours, and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; S:lo, 3:3") p. m. (ex. Than, night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. t
p. m. Landlcs and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1303.
FARE 50c
DICKSOX— In this city, July 5, 1900, George
«. Dickon, a native of Scotland, aged 68
years 2 months and 27 days.
DONOVAN— In this city, July 4. 1300. John,
beloved husband of the late Mary Donovan,
and father of Thomas, Minnie, Joseph and the
late Julia, John and Maggie. Donovan, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged IS years.
<" a " Jose papers please copy -A-
C-T'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(triday), at S:20 o'clock, from his Jate resi-
dence. 519B Hrannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Ch'urch. where a. solemn requiem mats
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing; at S o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FALLS— In Los Angeles. Cal., July 3. 1900.
Georpe W. Falls, dearly beloved con of Mrs.
A. S. and the late Colonel R. J. Falls, and
nephew of Mrs. M. C. Williams, a native of
fan Francisco, aged 22 years 11 months and
IS davp.
C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
GAVIN— In this city. July 4. 1900, William
Oavin, a native of JCapa, Cal., aged 3S years.
GUrxiG— In Danville, Contra Costa County,
July 4, 1K*O, Fred W. Grunig, Eon of Mrs. F.
Gi-unlir. husband of the late Laura Van Gor-
den GrunlR-. and brother of Charles, Henry,
Lewis. Kmil. Georgre. Emma. Tillle. Minnie
and Eda Grunig. a native of California, aged
2J years. (San Jose papers please copy.)
CJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this da/
? Friday), at Odd Fellows" Crematory Chapel,
San Frarcisco.
CRUSH — In Oakland, July 3. 1900, Henry
Grush. beloved husband of the late Margaret
Grush, fathpr of Frederick J. and Arthur G.
<irush, and brother of Annie L. Grush, a na-'
tive «if Massachusetts, aged 52 years.
E7"Frier.d3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Frlday). at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors or James McManus. Seventh and Castro
Ftrects. Interment Mountain View Cemetery
Oakland.
HAUHISON-In this city, July 5. 1000. Belva.
beloved daughter of W. H. and Caroline Har-
rison, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months ar.d 9 days.
LAWSON— In Oakland. July 5. 1900, Lizzie, be-
loved daughter of Rev. Frances and Fannie
. Lawson, an.l sister of Mrs. A. D. Adams,
* Mrs. O. S. Smith, Mrs. B. C. Allen. Mrs. J.
IV. Gibson and W. F. and J. B. Lawson, a
native of CooksvJUe. Wis., aged 46 years 8
menths arid 23 days.
LOt'GH BOROUGH— In this city. July 4. 1900.
Alexander Zane Loughborough, beloved son
of Marlar.na Zane Loughborough and the late
Alexander Hamilton LoughborouKh, a native
of Baltimore, Md., aged 32 years & months
and 22 <lays.
E^Friendst and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Friday), at *-¦ o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1100 O Farrell street, thence to St.
Mary'* Cathedral, where a requiem man will
be celebrated fcr the repose of his soul at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. —
McrAJCE— A re«iuif-m mass will be celebrated
for the repose of the repose of the souls of
Har.ah and Sarah McPake at 7:30 o'clock
this day (Friday), at St. Ro?e'B Church.
Friends are resj.ectfully invited to attend.
Mt'LVIN— In this city. July f.. 1900. at her resi-
dence. 22 Itondle place. Mary, beloved wife
of v William Mulvin, a native of Gal way, Ire-
lanl.
tnyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MITCH ELI^-Iri Coima. July 4. 190O. David,
beloved son cf "William Mitchell, and brother
o* Karah E. Heal and Kudolph, 'William.
Henry and Rn?e E. Mitchell, a native of San
Francisco, aeed 22 years.
MITCHELL— In Colma. July 4. 1900. Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Wtillam Mitchell, and step-
mother cf Parah E. Heal and Rudolph, Wil-
liam. Herry and the late David and Rose E.
Mitchell, a native of New York, aged 42 years.
OLIVER.— In this city. July 4. 1900. Mrs. Min-
erva S. Oliver, beloved mother of Mrs. R. A.
Ptrout, Mrs. James Iltddolph and I. M. and
K. A. Chipman. a native of. Wellfleet, Mass.,
aped ?2 years fc months and 22 days.
[CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday*, at 10:3') o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth
Btreet. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by 11:33 o'clock train from Third and Town-
| send etreets.
' ItYCE— In this city. July 3. 1900. Andrew C.
Ryce, bfloved hnsband of Margaret W. Ryce.
and father of Mrs. J. R. Baird, Mrs. T. P.
H. Whitelaw. Mrs. R. Kennedy. J. W. Ryce.
Mrs. W. L. Jones and Mrs. L>. Frieland. a
native of Scotland, aped 71 years.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his daughter. Mrs. T. P. H. Whitelaw. C31
Harrison street. Frfends are cordially in-
l vited. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
i SCHULL— In this city. July 4. 1900. Rosalie,
relict of the late Valentine Schull. and be-
loved mcther of Mrs. P. A. Jones, a native of
Alface. ased 72 years and 7 days.
ITTTrltn'!." and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H-iMed & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
STOLTZ— In this city. July 5. 1900. Gertrude
Ptoltz. dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Joseph
Brunschwller, and prandmother of Lillian, j
Daisy. Joseph I. and the late Arthur Braun-
schwiler. a native of Kchlen-am-Rhein, Ger-
man v. aged fc3 years and 7 months.
TEDFORD— Near Phoenix. Ariz.. June 29. 19TA
Km* Amelia, beloved wife of James Ted-
ford, mother of Ruth. Lilian and Vivian Ted-
ford, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. N. S.
Helmers of San Francisco, and sister of Vic-
tor. AVIllie and Axel Helmers. a native of San I
Francisco, aged 23 years 3 months and 24
Cays.
WF.NTWORTH— In Oakland. July 5. 1000, Mary
Helen, beloved wife of I. M. Wentworth. and
mother of Mrs. Charles W. Stilwell. a native
of Rochester, N. H.. aged S3 years 2 months
and 1 day. [
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors t'> Flannasran & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M?r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth Ft., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKL-RS.
27 end 20 Fifth Et. Tel. South 1€7.
FUNERAL riKECIOP.3 AXD EXBAL3E23.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
AlcAVOY «fc CO.. n
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, |
123? Market tt., between ?th and 9th. (I
Telephone South 247. J
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association,
.-AN FRANC1 CO. CAL.
IF DECEASED WAR A MEMBER OF ANT
ORGANIZATION having a presiding officer
and secretary the charge for cremation, a cop-
per receptacle for the a«=h"es and orKan cervices
Is J30: The eame for members of the family.
GEOROE R. FLETCHER, Superintendent.Shooting at Oqlmarls;
Another Chapter ;lti
| the Vendetta That
Has Been Waging
Between Hog Men;
MITCHELL'S WIFE AND SON WERE
KILLED BY AN UNKNOWN ASSASSIN
nipple and pierced the top of the heart;
and the woman's death was caused by a
shot which took effect in about the same
spot. The angle on which the bullets
passed through the bodies bears out the
allegation of Mitchell that they came
from down the hill and his assertions are
further supported by the "pot-shot" bul
let which passed through the pigsty on
an angle which Indicates that it could
have been fired from the window men
tioned. There was another shot wihich
passed through a fence boird and
spent itself on a stone letainlng-wall. This
shot is alleged to have been fired at
Mitchell when he was running to the
house for his gun.
After the/autopsy had been completed
and the bodies had been placed on KIs
bed, Mitchell gave way to hts emotions
and bemoaned the fate of his loved ones.
However, there were no threats of retali
ation, and when the three sons and a
daughter arrived on the scene they were
quiet and had nothing to say as to who
had done the killing.
"This man Ehlers," said young William
Mitchell, "made threats against my peo
ple not later than last Saturday and said
that when he took up the matter he would
'do it up shortly.' What he meant by
this I am, of course, not the one to say,
for I don't know, but you see what has
happened."
Lemoscher has most certainly placed
himself in an awkward position by his
statements made to Sheriff Mansfield In
the early morning hours yesterday. He
asserted that he had not heard any gun
shots in the evening and that there had
not been a rifle In the house for eleven
months. A search during the day, how
ever, brought to light two cartridges, one
of which had been recently tired. The
other was located in the ashes of the
stovo In the kitchen, from which Mitchell
says the deadly shots came. No rifle could
be found on the place. Neither Lemoscher
nor the deaf and decrepit old hired man
could be induced to state who was pres
ent at the house In the evening. Mrs.
Imsand left the place with her children
on the morning of the shooting and did
not return until late yesterday afternoon.
She denied any knowledge as to who
might have been at her place at the fatal
hour.
EhFers' arrest was evidently not a sur
prise to him, for he had taken the pre
caution, for the first time, to have a
Two Insolvents.
Henry H. Gorter of San Francisco nlPd
Poolse-iers in Court.
The cases _of Harry Corbett, D. J. Crow
ley, Henry Schwartz and John Riley,
charged with- violating the pool selling or
dinance, were called in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday to be tried by a jury. A
continuance was asked pending the dis
position of the writ of prohibition in the
Supreme Court, and the cases were set
for the 9th inst.
Judge Beatty Will Preside.
United States District Judge James H.
Beatty of Idaho will preside in the United
States Circuit Court In this city during the
July term, beginning next Monday.
Famous Mining Man Passes Away
Suddenly in New York
City. .
Hamilton Smith, who had an Interna
tional reputation as a mining man, died
the day before yesterday in New York
C.ty of heart failure. When ho left this
city for the East three weeks ago he
enjoyed robust health, and his death, un
expected as It was, will come as a shock
to all who knew him in this State.
Hamilton Smith was the original owner
of the famous "Bloomfieln" gravel mine,
one of the richest In the State. When he
severed his connection with the Bloomfield.
Mr. Srr.'th went to London, when? -he or
ganize'! the I/ondon Exploration Company.
From there he revisited San Francisco,
leaving for New York a short time since.
Flately and Wright Rearrested.
Andrew Flately and John "Wright were
rearrested by the police yesterday and
booked on charges of robbery and assault
to murder. The cases against them were
dismissed by Judge Fritz a few days ago
because the complaining witness. J. C.
Nolan, had disappeared. Xolan was found
yesterday morning and locked up in
prison on a charge of contempt of court.
HAMILTON SMITH DIES
OF HEART AFFECTION
A petition was filed by Rauer's Law anrl
Collection Agency, George W. Tindal
Company and other creditors of the
Brooklyn Hotel Company to have that
concern declated an involuntary ix:s«>!ve-nt.
a petition in Insolvency In the UnltM
States District Court yesterday. His lia
bilities are $503 28 and he has no asaetn.
friend accompany him on his swill wagon.
When asked where he was at the time of
the killing his reply was:
"I cannot tell, but I can prove where I
was and will not talk until the time
comes." He then departed with the Dep
uty Sheriff in quite a jovial mood. Le
moscher was two hours late In reaching
his home and when arrested became sulky
and refused to make any statement what
ever as to his whereabouts at the time of
the shooting. He is a German with an
eagle eye and a fiery temper and Is not
at all inclined to control the latter. It is
said that he is a partner of Mrs. Imsand,
having bought his interest after the mur
der of the woman's husband last August.
The officers believe they have a strong
circumstantial case and hope to strength
en It before the Inquest which 13 to be
held on the 14th inst. in Colma. The au
topsy was performed by I>r. J. EL Ross
of Redwood City, who had no comment
to make, except as to the cause and ef
fect of the wounds. They were appar
ently made by 32-caliber bullets, each of
which passed entirely through the body
of its victim. What the caliber of the
Imsand rifle was has not been stated, but
the neighborhood seems to have been
largely engaged In target shooting within
the last few days.
"I V.-annot say now who shot my wife
and boy." said old man. Mitchell after the
arrests had been made, "but I am sure I
know who did it. and I think I can prove
It If I live long enough. Howsomever. I
expect that the next time you newspaper
gentlemen come out here it wilt be to view
my remains. My skin may be black, but
maybe when we all g<y up before the grea:
white throne I may be found as white as
my enemies. Death will tell."
There was little comment In Colma yes
terday upon the murder, and it was evi
dent that there was little surprise at the
bloody tragedy. It seemed to be a sort
of an "I-told-you-so" situation, with no
body particularly anxlou3 to discuss the
subject freely. Those supposed to hq
best qualified to judge seem to feel con
fident that the end of this deadly feud i3
far off and that more violence may be ex
pected at any time.
The Jury selected by Deputy Coroner
Claude Fox to Investigate the Knotty case
is composed of J. H. Imwalle, M. Grif
fin. A. Mogani, P. Armannlo, John Rodd
ers. Alfonso George, John Blpgio. V. J.
Hohman and Fred Pierce of Colma.
SCENES AND CHARACTERS IN COLMA >S DOUBLE TEAGEDY.
The rescuer succeeded in reaching the
dry beach with the half drowned child.
It was easily resuscitated, and after get
ting some dry wraps for it at the Seal
Rock House the mother left with it. She
took Gregg's name and address, 1110 Stan
yan street, but did not leave her own.
Gregg heard the scream of the mother
and saw the child being carried out by
the breakers. He plunged in to rescue
the little girl. By desperate efforts he
reached her Just as the fourth breaker
was swirling over her. In a moment more
she would have been caught by the un
dertow and carried out beyond the pos
sibility of rescue. The water was up to
Gregg's arm-pits and it was all he. could
do to keep his feet.
The aged colored man to whose home
the assassin's bullet brought double death,
was quite self-possessed yesterday, not
withstanding the trying ordeal he was
Buffering under. At the same time he was
emphatic as to the direction from which
the bullets came, and his statements re
garding the brutal killing of his people,
backed by a strong chain of circum
stances, constitute a remarkable case of
circumstantial evidence that will make it
difficult for three or more men to prove
that they were not connected with the
slaughter. In short Colma has developed
a genuine vendetta, the end of which is
apparently not near.
Sheriff Joe Mansfield began hla in
vestigation at the scene of the shooting
at 2 o'clock yesterday morning and con
tinued it uninterruptedly throughout the
day, the result being the arrest of Frank
Lemoscher, Caesar Ehlers and Albert
Gayer, all of whom are engaged In the
hog-raising business on ranches adjoining
Mitchell's place. They were taken to the
jail in Redwood City at a late hour last
evening and will be held on suspicion until
complaints can be filed by the parties
most concerned. They took their arrest
very quietly and did not appear to be at
all surprised, each professing to be able to
prove an alibi, with the exception of Le
moscher. He was called out of bed at 2
o'clock In the morning and after sharp
questioning acknowledged that he was in
the Imsand house at the time of the
shooting, and it is from the window of
this domicile that the shotB were fired, ac
cording to the statement of Mitchell.
Who, in his belief, sighted the gun and
pulled the fatal trigger, the aged colored
man has not yet declared.
The statement made by Mitchell to the
Sheriff was straightforward and well
supported by obvious facts. He did not
contradict himself In any particular.
"I was sitting on my steps." said
Mitchell, "and my son was workin'
around the hog pen. I heard a sound
like "a fire-cracker and then a shot and
Dave screamed in pain. I rushed out and
saw him lying on the ground. I called my
wife and ran to my son's assistance.
While I was dragging him behind the pig
pen my wife was standing watching me
and moaning. Then there was another
shot and she fell. I dragged her behind
the pen and another shot came from the
same direction which nearly got me. I
then ran to the house to get my gun and
another shot was sent which missed me
but hit ray hunting dog, which was sitting
on the hillside. - ' .
"Those shots were fired at about 6
o'clock, in broad daylight, and they came
from the kitchen window of the imsand
house. I saw a man in the window while
the shooting was going on. This business
was all planned by these neighbors of
mine so that nobody could be called as
witnesses. 1 know they -were after me,
for this man Ehlers was wandering
around my place with a gun and before
the killing there were two shots tired from
the hill above my place. These shots I
think were fired to draw me out so they
could get a chance to pot me. Later I
saw this man Ehlers come down from
that hill carrying a gun. I have been here
on this land for twenty-two years and
have, been successful and that and be
cause I am black is why they are murder
ing my people. They got ready and sent
all the women and children away so there
would be no witnesses and those two dead
folks there are the result. These neigh
bors of mine have tried to kill me before,
but I can get no Justice from any of the
law officers. I'm only a nigger, and that
settles It."
Later In the day Mitchell, after witness-
Ing the autopsy, became excited and
charged Sheriff Mansfield in. the presence
of witnesses with being largely responsi
ble for the crime of Wednesday night by
alleged protection of Mitchell's enemies.
The autopsy showed that the assassin
was a crack shot, for his work was that
of an expert. The bullet that closed the
career of David Mitchell cut out the left
Boy "With a Cannon.
George Schwart, a boy, fired two shots
from a coy cannon through the door of a
Chinese wash-house at 306 Jessie street
Wednesday and was . arrested for mali
cious mischief. The case was called In
Judge Conlan's court yesterday and the
proprietor of the building, Paul Mancelt.
36 Fourth street,- said he did not want to
punish the boy if he or his parents would
pay the damage to the door. The case
was continued to enable him to do so.
Private Detective Curtin Appears in
Court and His Case Is Con
tinued for a Week.
P. J. Curtin, the private detective,
charged with assault to commit murder
by holding Mrs. Catherine Le Blanche
while her husband shot her, appeared be
fore Judge Fritz yesterday morning. He
was represented by Z. U. Dodge, attorney
for the 1 husband of the injured woman.
The case was by consent continued till
July 13.
Le Blanche, who was ordered into cus
tody Tuesday by Judge Conlan without
ball, was released on $3000 bonds yester
day afternoon by Judge Fritz. Mrs. Le
Blanche continues to improve at the Re
ceiving Hospital and unless some unfore
seen complication sets in she will soon re
cover. She said yesterday that she was
more than ever convinced that Curtin
was the man who held her while her hus
band shot^her.
Cottage Burned at Ingleside.
The cottage owned and occupied by
George Eckcr at the rear of the Ingle
slde racecourse was destroyed by fire yes
terday morning at 8 o'clock. ¦ The cause
of the fire remains a mystery. Every
thing in the house was destroyed. No at
tempt was made to call out the Fire De
partment. There are no hydrants within
miles of the location and the engines
could have done nothing. The damage
amounted to about IG00, with no insur
ance. .
LE BLANCHE IS AGAIN
RELEASED ON BONDS
Services at St. Brendan's.
A trlduum 1n honor of "Our Lady of
Perpetual Help" opened last evening in
Ex.. Brendan's Church. Rev. Father Hes
lln of St. Paul'* Church preached a beau
tiful sermon on the "Intercessory Power
of the Virgin Mary." This evening Rev.
Father MacCorry, the brilliant Paullst
priest, will deliver a special senr*-
Fell From a Trolley Car.
Henry Boy, a sailor with a land Jag,
while riding on a Mission-street trolley
car yesterday- afternoon lost his equilib
rium when rounding the bend at West
Mission street. The man of the sea fell
on his head and was stunned. He was
conveyed .to the I tail road Hospital at
Fourteenth street, where a slight i-rash on
his forehead was closed with stitches.
After his treatment he left the hospital
determined to walk to his chip, having
no more confidence in go-carts without
horses. ,
BRYAN CI/UB FORMED.
Enthusiastic. Meeting in Thirty-
Ninth District.
Democrats In the Thirty-ninth Assem
bly District are active. Last night nearly
300 members of the party assembled in
Saratoga Hall. I They held an enthusias
tic meeting and formed a "Bryan" club
The mere mention of the Democratic
standard bearer's name aroused enthusi
asm. His nomination at Kansas City was
ratified and speeches eulogistic of the Ne
braska statesman were delivered with
all the fire of eloquent speakers.
Immediately upon the meeting being
called to order, the Idea of forming a
club was presented and carried through
with decision. Archie Campbell, the well
known lawyer, nominated James F. Ford
for president. The nominee was elected
by a unanimous vote. Jesse GaJland was
made secretary and John Shinkwin ser
geant at arms. Chairman Ford then ap
pointed the following committee on per
manent organization: M. Schwartz, Sam
Hallowell. Theodore Roach. Frank Mal
loye and John Shinkwln. He also named
Clitus Harbour, William Farren, Archie
Campbell, C. Nagle and Sol Magner as a
committee on constitution and by-laws
The club decided ' to participate In the
big ratification meeting to be held in Met
ropolitan Temple to-morrow night. A
committee composed of Henry Blenfleld
John Shinkwln, Sam Hallowell. Edward
I'ogarty and M. Schwartz was appointed
to prepare transparencies,, torches and
mu6ic. The members of the club will
meet at Turk and Larkin streets at 7:30
p. m. and march in a body to the place
of meeting.
Speeches were delivered during the
evening by Frank Malloye, " Clitus Bar
bour. Morris Schwartz,- Archie Campbell,
Theodore Roach and Samuel English.
The club adjourred to meet -in the same
hall next Thursday evening. ,
It Is stilly a question whether or not
the murderous intentions of Al Moody,
who shot Mrs. Maud Roylance Wednes
day, will be carried out. She is in the
Receiving Hospital, neither better nor
worse than when she was brought there,
and the doctors ail say it is too soon to
make any prediction as to her chances.
As for Moody himself, he seems to have
a better chance than she.
There is but little to add to the story
of ihe shooting ,as it was published yes
terday. Moody had been paying the wo
man attentions for the past four months.
He met her first when he took a room in
the house of her mother at 423 Eddy
street. Mrs. Roylance and Moody . were
very friendly and Moody believed she
loved him until he heard that she was
going to be reconciled with her husband,
trom whom she had .been separated for
six months.
Moody said yesterday that he had no in
tention to shoot the woman when he start
ed out Wednesday morning.. He says he
took the pistol to have "some fun" with
It on the Fourth, but he could not ex
plain how it was that the pistol was
loaded with ball cartridges. He says he
had an appointment with the woman for
Wednesday morning, and j that he went
to keep it. He saw her come out of the
Winchester Hotel with a man, Adams, ne
supposed was her husband and he Just
fired away until he thought he had killed
her.
Roylance says Moody "had been up to
see him at the hotel at least twice, the
last time on Weunesday morning, when
he inquired for Roylance and. was told
he -was out. Roylance says his wife told
him all about the affair with Moody. She
said that after the separation she Wished
to forget Roylance altogether and so ac
cepted the. attentions of Moody until he
went too tar. Then she appealed to her
husband to protect her.
There is a peculiar complication over the
case of Mrs. Roylance at the hospital. She
Is being treated by a homeopathic physi
cian and the allopathic hospital surgeons
cannot, and would not if they could, con
sult with him. Dr. Martin is her physi
cian and while he Is allowed all the ap
pliances, the services of all the attend
ants and the assistance of the doctors,
too. if he should ask it, still they will not
consult with him. Dr. Bunnell, the po
lice surgeon, keeps watch on the case as
a matter of duty, and 'he says that his
physicians must assist. Dr. Martin in any
way he should desire, but in the mean
time and until .he. asks, for It, they will
have no advice or assistance to offer.
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea searched
Moody's room at 1416 Howard street yes
terday, but found nothing with any bear
ing on the case, except a photograph or
Mrs. Roylance and several envelopes with
the word Maud upon them, as if the
writer had started to address them and
had then ¦nhrotv-n them aside. Moody
worked in a cannery in San Jose, the pro
prietor of which, Peter Quinn, speaks
well of him. P^^^aSaSWHrfNH
There has been shooting among the Roy
lances before. In February of 1898" Roy
lance took - several shots ¦ at -F. ; J. < r>yer,
who had been his friend, and it was only
after [six weeks of suffering that. Dytr
escaped with his life. There "never was
a prosecution, and the matter was dropped
soon after the shooting occurred. It - waa
said at the time that Roylance objected
to the attentions Dyer was paying to his
•wife and he look that method of signi
fying his disapproval. .-; ¦ •¦ . ;,,-••
Roylance <.- will < not say yet ¦ whether or
not, in the event of his wife's recovery,
he will live with \ her again. He says. he
has a statement to make that will clear
her in the eyes of .the world.'and > as soon
as he can prepare It he will make itpub-
lie. ." ¦" - ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦' " ¦ ' •*.".¦* ' • ¦"'¦-
Hospital Physicians Will Not
Prophesy Recovery for
Mrs. Roy lance.
FATE OF MOODY
AND HIS VICTIM
YET UNCERTAIN
Congressman Eugene F. Loud arrived
home from Boston last night. A large
number of friends met the Congressman
at the depot and escorted him to his home
on Octavia street. An interesting feature
of the arrival was the presentation of a
large floral piece, the gift, of H.trry Wat
kin, chief clerk at large of the railway
mall service, and an old friend of Con
gressman Loud.
"Bryan fs a brilliant man, the first time
you hear him. The second time you think
you've heard all that befor-3. The th'ri
time you know you hav-j. He is mag
netic to a certain class of excitable peo
ple. He is esstntlally^supcrficial. None
of the deeper qualifications which find a
part in a great statesman's makeup are
MS."
This was the Congressman's opinion of
Bryan. When questioned us :o the po
litical feeling in Boston, Congressman
Loud said he believed that Boston, in
common with other Kastern cities, is to
all intents and purposes Republican. The
Congressman does not believe Bryan will
get as many votes in this campaign as
ne did in 1S&6. ¦-. -:¦¦•¦
"When I was In New York," he said,
"I spoke with several prominent business
mfn, all good Democrats, but they all
have made up their minds to cast their
votes for McKinley. The reason Is that
they are afraid of Bryan. Business is
good now throughout the entire East and
no one who I has interests at stake will
wish to stop the wheels of state to
change the gear, perhaps only to find that
they revolve slower after all. No, Bryan
is a good fellow, but I don't think it's
he this time."
Congressman Loud expressed himself as
being delighted at being home once more.
He will remain here until after the No
vember election.
Congressman Returns Home
and Talks of Politics
in the East.
EUGENE F. LOUD
SAYS MERCHANTS
MIT McKIKLEY
The Republican State Executive Com
mittee met at headquarters. Palace Hotel,
last evening to consider the subject of
club organization throughout the State.
The committeemen present were George
Stone. Wakefield Baker, William J. Brady.
Charles Bundschu. W. J. Dutton, Thomas
Ivirkpa-trick, H. D. Loveland, W. Frank
Pierce. E. C. Hart. A. B. Lemmon and W.
M. Cutter.
After a long discussion of details con
nected with the proposed club organiza
tion the following committee was appoint
ed to supervise the work: Wakefield Ba
ker. H. D. Loveland, Waiter F. Parker
and Charlts S. Hardy.
Attention will be directed Immediately
to the organization of clubs in the First
and Seventh Congressional districts. J. C.
JJrusie of Sacramento. D. E. McKinley of
Santa Rosa and Major Kyle of San Fran
cisco have been engaged for field service.
They will suomit the outlines of work to
the respective county committees and ad
vise prompt action.
The executive committee last night de
cided to purchase fifty thousand McKinley
and Roosevelt campaign buttons.
The State Centra) Committee is advised
that separate nominating conventions to
place Republican candidates for Congress
in the Held will be held In only the Third
and Fourth districts. In all other dis
tricts the delegates to the State conven
tion Trill resolve themselves into Congres
sional conventions to represent their re
spective districts.
The Democrats of San Francisco are
making oxttnsive preparations for the
Bryan ratification meeting, which will
uike place a.t Metropolitan Temple to
morrow evening. Ex-Governor James H
Budd, Judge Robert Ferral, Hugo Ashcr,
W. H. Alford. Thomas F. Hickey and
other orators of the party will address the
meeting. There will be music, bonfires
and a general "whoop up" for the na
tional Democratic ticket.
1 lie organization committee of the Dem
ocratic County Committee met at James
G. ilagnlre's law olflce yesterday to draft
a p'-an of club organization In the various
Assembly districts of this city. George
W. McOilvray, Thomas E. Curran and
l>r. T. W. B. Leland were appointed as a
committee to prepare the necessary plan*
The subcommittee of the Republican
.County Committee, which was appointed
to consider the protests from Republicans
ot the Korty-third Assembly district met
yesterday afternoon at the office of I. J
Truman Jr. After listening to a long
statement from J. J. Curry the subcom
mittee decided to take the subject under
advisement. Alfred Bouvjer. Thomas
Duff, James A. Wilson and I. J. Truman
Jr. attencij-d the session.
CAMPAIGN WORK
IS PROPOSED By
PARTY LEADERS
Republican State Executive
Committee Will Or
ganize Clubs.
terday morning at the risk of his
life and savfed a little girl from drown*
Ing. He barely escaped being carried out
with the child by the strong undertow.
Gregg Is a modest hero, and says any
one would have done as much as he did.
He was at work with his live teams and
their drivers hauling gravel to the fortifi
cations on the f'rcsidlo Heights. About
half past seven o'clock a woman and a
little girl came out upon the beach close
to the edge of the breakers. The mother
sat down in the sand and began reading
a book. Presently she heard the child,
which was but five years old, scream, and
looking up she saw that It had toddled
Into the water and had been caught and
knocked down by a breaker.
OCEAN* BEACH has a new life-sav
ing hero. Ralph Gregg, a con
tractor, who Is at work out at the
beach, went into the breakers yes-
PLUNGES INTO BREAKERS
AND SAVES LITTLE CHILD
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1900.
Further Violence Not
Unlikelg to Follow
theBloodgTpagedBi
Shots Fired From
jmsand House,
14
THBILLING RESCUE OF A LITTLE CHILD AT OCEAN BEACH.
" < KNOW why my po' wife
1 a is lying there a corpse and
J J| my dear son David, who
never did any harm to any
- one is a dead man beside her,"
' said William Mitchell, the
survivor of the shooting
affray near Cclma on the
! evening of July 4. "It is be
cause my skin is black; be
cause I am a 'nigger.' Be
• cause*. I have brains enough
to make a living beside them
they want to drive me out of
; business. They are using the
gun to do this, and those two
dead bodies show that they are
determined to succeed. I sup
pose they will get me next.
Why, these neighbors of mine
¦will not even allow my dogs
to live."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOVELTIES IN
Silk Waists
This Week at
Prices Greatly Reduced.
I. MAGNIN & CO.,
840 Market Street.
BELMONTHOME
For Sale atja Bargain
Klrgant house of 8 rooms, bath and ba««»-
ment, hot and cold water throushout. Southern
exposure. Seven minutes rrom nation- elevar»!i
site overlooking the town. Six acres '3 in dVs
ture. 2 In orchard. 1 abouf house; barn and h«r«
houses: all renced. Excellent wate- suc-Vv
Cost owner $10,000. but compellej tj rrmovm
East, fcence will sell at taeriftVe. In vert lea to
and make offer. Apply to owner. ~r,
J. D. ALLAN, Co-. 2d »ni Erairaa.
)fjr FAVORITE
- Jt fOR WEAR'WOMEW.
W. T.HESS,
HOTABY PCdLU ANJ ATTORKEY-AP-fciW
Tenti Floor. Room 1013. Claua Sprecitla Bid-
Telephone Brown 831
Residence. 821 CalirornU st.. beta/ PowtlL
can Francisco.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DRenoiNO PUMPS
KRftf^H *«'• ™««"tnl at Mom* Jut
nnuun ?»t. a» iuu n failed. 10 «>»*«-»-
turn C*Uj. t 8t«Ttaaoo et, *. *".