This appears to confirm the statement that the Chinese will endeavor to stop the march to
Peking by using the Ministers as hostages.
The Lokal Anzeigcr of Berlin, publishing an interview with Li Hung Chang, quotes him
as declaring emphatically that China must not, in any circumstances, cede any more territory to*
any power. In reply to a question why the rebellion was not put down, Earl : Li is represented as
having said: "I blame Prince Tuan, the Empress Dowager and the whole Peking Government.
But for their lack of energetic action the situation would never have become co serious."
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Daily Mail says: "Active negotiations are proceed
ing between Russia and the United States, the probable outcome of ¦ which'* will be a resolution to
the integrity of China unconditionally."
EA Shanghai correspondent of the same paper says that the Americans there are urging the
appointment of General MacArthur as commander in chief of the allied forces. V
HOW mONGOLS WILL TRY TO CHECK MARCH.
Will Not Divide China.
Asked what he thought of the cabled
- In conclusion the Embassador toucne>1
upon the admiration felt in Germany for
our nrm». tSSSP
"The German attaches who siw our men
flsht are most exuberant In their pralsea
of our army and navy, of the valor and
skill of our soldiers and sailors. In this
connection It may be said that our war
with Spain nnd the part we nlay in the
Chinese conflict has opened the eyes of
Europe and made It see a pood deal more
of us than It had done before."
"Russia Is looked upon with the usual
distrust." the Embassador continued, "but
the fact that she and Germany Hg?it
shoulder to shoulder In China tends to
improve the feeling between the two
countries."
Distrust of Bussia.
"Admiral Kempff'a conduct in China."
Mr. White said, "wis at first mtecon
strued. but now the Germans approve of
his policy. -
throes of a new er t. It means the be
ginning of the opening of China to tha
civilized world."
"Is- there any talk of partitioning China
in Germany?" he was asked.
"Oh, no; this trouble will never termi
nate In such a way. The war will end In
the allied powers dictating terms to
China."
Xempff Now Upheld.
"Germany feels deeply the assassination
of her . Minister." Mr. White continued.
"Baron von Ketteler, was a superior man.
He was much admired, and his sad death
made a deep Impression."
-'.Speaking of the general situation in
China. Embassador. .White said with en
thusiasm:
"The present conflict means the blrtn
•r T EW YORK. Aug. 6.— Andrew D.
l\ I White, United States Embassador
I \| to Germany, and John D. Rocke-
I \ feller were passengers on board
~ ; ' the Deutschland, which reached
her dock to-day from Hamburg. Mr.
White said In regard to affairs In China
that Emperor William's, "speech to the
soldiers; Who were going to China wa3
generally! misinterpreted.
"U(\ n<Jver meant," the Embassador
said. *to tell them to Rive the Chinese no
quarter. Nobody so understood his speech
until- some French papers put that con
struction upon It. The first time I heard
of such an Interpretation was when 1 re
ceived a certain Paris paper. The Emperor
Is an emotional man, and he may be In
clined to yield to the Impulse of the mo
ment, perhaps, but he knows how to con
trol himself, and he certainly never meant
to command his soldiers to be mercile33.
What ho did say to them was that they
should bear In mind that they were going
to face a desperate foe.
Embassador White Re
turns From Germany
and Talks Interesting
ly on the Subject of
Chin a and the Powers.
"A successful termination of the conference with the Ministers for their conveyance under
escort to Tientsin is expected, but on account of the recommencement of hostilities at Tientsin
code telegrams for transmission to the representatives are considered undesirable."
Yesterday the Chinese Minister, Sir Chih Chen Lo Fen Luh, communicated to Lord Salis
bury a message from the Tsung li Yamen, dated July 31, reiterating the statement that the Min
isters were safe on that date, and recounting the friendly relations existing between them and the
Yamen, as well as reporting the sending of supplies td'the legation by the Yamen. The message
contains this important statement:
In the same cablegram, which was read in the House of Commons, the Consul at Tientsin
says: "News from the Japanese legation has been received up to August 1." Therefore the edicts
announcing-the safety of the Ministers on that date are confirmed.
SAFETY OF* MINISTERS O"N AUGUST I
This is the only message received in London this morning bearing out the reports of Ad
miral Remey and Commander Taussig regarding an engagement at Peitsang. The fact that the
advance did not begin until Saturday is taken to strengthen the presence of a battle Sunday.
ceived here that tlife attempt to relieve Peking has begun. It is accepted as correct. The
British Consul does not mention any fighting, but the Shanghai correspondent of the Daily Mail,
telegraphing Sunday, says: "The Peking relief column is reported to have suffered a check. The
Chinese are said to have adopted Tugela tactics, and after several hours of fighting to have re
treated."
CHINESE H/W/E ADOF»TED TUGELA TACTICS.
LONDON, Aug. 7, 3:40 a. m. — The advance of the allied forces commenced to-day, cables the
British Consul at Tientsin, under date of August 4. This is the first official information re-
LONDON, Aug. 7,4 a. m.— A Shanghai special, dated August 6, says: "Li Hung Chang has
officially informed the Consuls that the Ministers left Peking for Tientsin last Friday, August
3, with General Yung Lu in command of the escort. The Consuls are by no means disposed
to credit Earl Li's statement." All other reports that have reached London up to this hour in
dicate that the Ministers have not left Peking.
LI SAYS MINISTERS LEFT PEKING.
PARIS. Aug. 6.— It is stated here on good authority that the German Em
bassodor at Washington has had an Interview* with Secretary of State Hay for
the purpose of calling attention to England's action on the Yang-tse Kiang. It
is believed that Great Britain's course in sending'Admlral Seymour up the river
indicates the" Intention of seizing, territory. In that regfon; which would be detri
mental to. the interests of other powers. It is said the German Embassador also
pointed out to Hay that America's commercial Interests would suffer through
England's action. The fact that this alleged interview is being talked about in
various chancelleries speaks volumes for the mutual distrust . existing among
powers, even if there were no foundation for the report. The story of the re
port comes, from such a high source,' however, that there ,_is scarcely any doubt
of its accuracy. A dispatch from Shanghai says' English ConsulWarren has in
formed his colleagues that European action Is about to begin on the Yang-tse
Kiang.'.- ¦,<":-" ¦ ., ; ;¦ "-• . ¦ ..¦:¦-¦;.¦ ; • . ;- ¦
' WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— State, Department' officials profess to know nothing
of any Interview between: the Secretary of State and German Embassador about
Great Britain's attitude In tho-Yang-tseKiang region. Secretary Hay left her«5
Friday, and the • German': Embassador has not been In Washington for five days.
Adee, Acting Secretary of State, says he knows nothing of any such representa
tions by i the Embassador as reported in the Paris dispatch.
SHOWS MUTUAL DISTRUST OF POWERS.
BIG ORDER FOR MEATS TO FEED TROOPS
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.— Chicago packers to-day were asked by the Government
to furnish 2.000,000 pounds of meats within thirty days for the American soldiers
in the Orient. This is said to be the largest requisition ever issued by the Gov
ernment of the United States.
TRANSPORTING WOUNDED OF ALLIED FORGES DOWN PEIHO TO TIENTSIN.
From Le Journal Illustre.
THIS PICTURE WAS MADE TO ILLUSTRATE THE RETURN TO TIENTSIN OF THE FIRST RELIEF EXPEDITION UNDER ADMIRAL SEY
MOUR. WHICH LEFT TIENTSIN ON JUNK 10 AND GOT BACK JUNE 27, AFTER A LOSS OF OVER 400 MEN KILLED AND WOUNDED.
Thee considerations make the authorities hfire deeply gratified at the an
nouncement that the Chinese retreated. This statement means that the allied
troops have occupied Peitsang and are preparing to continue- their advance on '
the' capital. According to military experts here it will never do to permit the
Chjnfse to recover from the effects of the drubbing they nave received. They
must be pursued relentlessly so that if they have not already constructed a
second line of defenses they will not have time to do so before the allies nre
again at their heels. At Peitsang the Chinese, according to Admiral Remey. "
had. ns developed !>•• Japanese reeonm-Jssaneo. constructed :reneh*s and had
loop-holed houses. Those defenses, which the allies wore compelled to storm. ¦
were undoubtedly the cause of the large number of casualties tho assailants -
sustained. Officers of the army estimate that tho Chtnere lorsf-s were triple thosu |
of the foreigners, nnd'lf this proves to be true, then it is likely the people of
tha Celestial kingdom will begin to get over their notion that the Boxers cannot .,
be harmed .by .the bullets of foreigners.
Officials and army and navy officers are hopeful that the administration of :
another defeat such as that given the Chinese at Pritsnmr will show them the
futility, of resistance and that the Chinese Government will yield to tho de- .'
mands of tho powers. ... -.¦¦'-.: '•' ' "'..-¦
' Neither the Washington nor any of the other Governments Interested in the
advance on Peking, is proceeding on r the theory that tho Chinese will surrender.
In fact.* the War Department Is making preparations for an extensive campniin.';
¦• General' Chaff oe wired Gonoral MncArthur a' few days ; ago that the allied
troops were urgently 'in need of slogo guns and mortars, showing that It was ex
pected it would be necessary to take fortified places en route to Poking, besides
tho capital Itself, and they are now on their way to Tientsin. Battery O of.
the" Seventh Artillery, which;Is.to leave Fort Leavcnworth to-morrow for San
Francisco, will use these Weapons, though It was stated to-day that General Mac-
Arthur would send another battery from Manila. General MacArthur will se
lect the artillery which will reinforce General Chaffee.
* There^was talk in army circles" to-day, which could not be confirmed, of the
advance Of la Russian column from the north toward Poking. Tf this should
prove true' and- the Japanese troops have left Shanhalkwan for the capital,
three columns will be converging on the Imperial city and Its canture will be.
greatly expedited. -Some surprise was expressed to-day that the allied comman
ders had not placed troops on the armed Junks and lighters and in : tow of the
steam launches proceed up the.Peiho River, but Rear Adrrilrat Crownlnshleld."
chief of the Naval Bureau of Navigation, said this was Impossible because there"
are In some places only two feet of w'-iter In the stream, and It is likely that -
the Chinese have sunk Junks loaded with stone in the channel to obstruct navi- s
gation.' It is further expected that the Chinese will remove the dam they are
reported to have constructed and will flood the lowlands as soon ns tho foreign '
troops have advanced sufficiently far to be caught by the water. It. is presumed
here that' this contingency has been guarded against by the foreign commanders ';
in the plans they have adopted.
'.Brigadier. General Weston. commissary general of subsistence; has called the
attention of the War Department to the advisability of supplying light-draught
lighters or flat-derked vessels at Taku to which animals can be transferred from
the transports and' carried to tho Bhore. General Weston likens the conditions
at Taku to those that prevailed at Santiago de Cuba when General Shafter's
army landed. r< *¦
GALT. BUREAU. "WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, D. C. Aug. 6.—
Twelve hundred] men of the international force participating in the opera
tions against Peking have been killed or wounded in the first battle of tho
campaign. Though it Js a heavy price to pay, the victory of the allies is
. regarded here as compensation lor the losses suffered. Had the foreign
troops been compelled to retire, administration officials say that the whole of
China would have risen to drive out the invaders and those whom they had
come to protect. The allies from th» Doint of view of officials and diplomats
here, cannot afford to be defeated. Tlfey must strike with a. heavy hand, not
only In order to demoralize the Chinese, troops opposing the advance uporf
raking, but to deter the rest of China, awaiting developments in the north,
from Joining in the hostile movement". v" t vP-
¦ .¦ ¦ -¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chinese Have Received a DruB
bing That More Than Compen
sates for the Heavy Loss Sus
tained by the Allies.
Future Policy Regarding China
Will Depend Upon What Min
isters Will Have to Sau When
Communication Is Opened.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
CAT..L. BUREAU, WELLIXGTOX HOTEL. WASHINGTON^ Aug. 6.— Future
events in China may depend largely on whether the Chinese were badly beat
en by the International troops In Sunday's battle. Members of the Cabinet
regard, the recent imperial edict as the beginning of a backdown by tho
authorities at Pekinjc and believe that if followed by an overwhelming de
feat of the Chinese there will be still further surrender and tjie Ministers will be
allov.ed to communicate with their Governments without restriction. No details
of the fighting beyond these contained In the dispatches from Rear Admiral
Remey and Commander Taussig have been received, but the statement in the
latter's dispatch that the Chinese were retreating gives ground for the hope
that the battle ended In a rout of the enemy and that the International forces
were able to follow up their advantage and Inflict severe punishment on them.
"If the Chinese Government opens communication with the Ministers." said
a high official, "then everything will depend upon what they communicate. They
, know what has been going on In Peking and what the present conditions there
arc. We do not. and we are not In a position to say what course the powers
will pursue after they have been put in communication with their diplomatic
, representatives. We cannot negotiate without having connections with our
representatives in the capital of the country with which we are negotiating, and
they must have freedom of action and of communication with the Government of
that country." . ! ...
* . So many different versions of the latest imperial edict have come from China
that the authorities here have no means of knowing what its exact terms are.
They have no doubt, however, that it made some concessions In the matter of
communication, although it did not go so far . as to allow the transmission of
cipher dispatches. Concessions of the right to send plain messages which could
be read by Chinese at will and changed would not be of much value.
• No communication In the nature of an ultimatum has been or will be sent
to China by this Government. The American policy has not varied from that laid
down-In- the note of July 3 to the powers. "War on China is not desired by this
Government, but if the other powers should declare war the United States -would
probably be drawn in with them. The United . States Is co-operating in military
operations to accomplish specific results. If at any point the events so shape,
themselves that these operations can give way to diplomacy this Government
will be glad to negotiate. Another reason for not going to extremes with China
is that the administration has a knfcwtedge that there are prominent officials in
Peking and elsewhere in China who recognize the fact that the imperial Govern
ment has made a great mistake. As long as there is hot a formal state of war
•these men can be relied upon to use their influence, so far as it is safe for them
to do so. in opposition to the anti-foreign element now in control. A declaration
of wax or the delivery of an ultimatum would probably unify China and make the
task of the powers very difficult. - . '//. i- : .
"CHEFU, Aug. 6. — Bureau Navigation, Washington: British Fame reports unoffi
cially engagement at Peitsang Sunday morning, 3 to 10:30. Allied loss, killed and wounded. 1200,
chieflv Russians and Japanese. Chinese retreating. TAUSSIG."
"CHEFU, Aug. 6. — Bureau Navigation, Washington: Official report believed reliable;
about 16,000 allies heavily engaged Chinese at Peitsang daylight of the 5th. REMEY."
I (Sunday), Aug. 5, via Shanghai, Aug. 7. — This morning at daylight 16,000 allies
J_ rigorously attacked the Chinese at Peitsang and soundly thrashed the enemy from the trenches.
The Americans who participated in the engagement were the Ninth and Thirteenth Regiments,
Rileys Battery and the marines. The battle is still in progress.
?_ : —
TIA/O CABLEGRAMS THAT CONTAIN THE NEWS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6. — The following cablegrams were received at the Navy Depart
ment yesterday, the first being from the commander of the Yorktown and the second
from the rear admiral in charge of the Asiatic station :
LATEST NEWS OF SUNDAY'S BATTLE.
Copyriglit, -£Oo, by the Associater*. Press.
After seven hours' hard fighting and with loss of 1200 killed and wounded, the allied
forces in China on Sunday drove the Chinese from a strong position at Peitsang, a town
some eleven miles beyond Tientsin, on the road to Peking. Though details further than those
contained in brief messages from Admiral Remey and Commander Taussig are still lacking,
a recent reconnoissance showed that Peitsang was held in force by the Chinese, who had dug
trenches and loopholed the walls of the mud huts, of which the village is^mainly composed. A
marsh protected the enemy's right. Sixteen thousand is given by Admiral Remey' as the
strength of the allies, and the casualties reported consequently amount to between 7 and 8
per cent of the force engaged. This a higher percentage than General Buller lost in the dis
astrous attempt to force the Tugela at Colenso.
Li Hung Chang is reported to have informed the foreign Consuls that the envoys had left
Peking on August 3 for Tientsin. Little or no credence is olaced in the report.
A London dispatch speaks of the possibility of the Chinese Viceroys -of the southern
provinces throwing off their allegiance to the Manchu dynasty if assured of foreign support.
SUMMARY OF NEWS FROM CHINA
In Sunday's Battle at Peitsang the
Allied Troops Advancing To
ward Peking Rout the Opposing
Mongols — Killed and Wounded,
Principally Among Russians and
ALLIED FORCES DRIVE BACK
CHINESE, BUT LOSE HEAVILY
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 68.
Continued on Second Page.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.DR. GEORGE ERNEST MORRISON, PEKING CORRESPONDENT /OF
THE LONDON TIMES.
Dr. Morrison,, like Sir; Robert Hart, has spent the greater part of his life
in China, and his opinions and statements are received as authority every
where. His letter to the Times, given to the "world a few days ago, is a
strong Indictment against the Chinese Government, charging it with not only
countenancing the Boxer outrages, but with full participation in and respon
sibility for the - whole anti-foreign movement.
The-above picture was raadefroma half-tone published in the Melbourne
Leader of June SO. /: .
FRESNO. Aug. 6.— The directors of the
California Raisin Growers' Association
have decided to issue a call to-morrow
for a mass-meeting of growers to elect a
successor to President Theodore M. Kear
ney.
This is the result of the long quarrel
between Mr. Kearney and the rest of the
directors. Up to a few months ago Kear
ney was getting $500 a month for his ser
vices. He wanted more, however, and
presented his resignation telling the grow
ers they could either give him $1000 i
month or accept the resignation. The
proposition to raise his salary was de
feated, but no action was taken on the
resignation and the board of director?
concluding that this was equivalent to ac
cepting the resignation proceeded to pui
him out by resolution. Kearney declared
that he would withhold his resignation
pending his return from Europe when h«
would call another meeting. He is now
in Germany, but It Is expected that he
will be home in time to fight the directors
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILL FIGHT RAISIN-GROWERS.
Mrs. Holdridge Meets With a Fatal
. Accident While Walking Along
a Flume at Fine Ridge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Aug 6.— Mrs. Charles G. Hold
ridee of this city met with a terrible death
near Pine Ridge about 3 o'clock this after
noon by falling from a flume trestle.
Mrs. Holdridge, her husband and Mrs
Montague, who was their guest, were
walking along the flume and were about
a mile from the mill when the accident
happened. Mr. Holdridge was walking
slightly ahead, with Mrs. Holdridee fol
lowing and Mrs. Montague to the rear
Mrs. Holdridge was walking on the foot
board of the flume. Intending to take a
snapshot photograph. Mrs. Holdridse
tripped, exclaiming as she fell, "Oh. Char
lie.' Sne struck a rock a distance of
ten feet below and then rolled down a
sharp decllne^for 125 feet, when she
plunged down a gulch seventy-five feet
deep.
A crew of men with a stretcher hurried
to the scene, and after considerable dif
ficulty reached the bottom of the canyon.
Mrs. Holdrldge was carried up and Dr.
Doyle, the physician at the mill, sum
moned. He found that her skull was
crushed in two or three places, both lejrs
were broken below the knees, one ankle
was sprained, her jaw was broken and the
whole body terribly bruised. She soon
succumbed to her injuries
FRESNO WOMAN FALLS
DOWN A CANYON
Brown at the Throttle of the Locom
tive Hauling a Central Pacific
Train, Stays by His De
railed Engine.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
GOLD RUN, Aug; 6.— Plucky and cour
ageous Engineer A. E. Brown to-day
averted a serious disaster on the Central
Pacific by heroically remaining at the
throttle of hi3 engine when it plunged
from the rails on an embankment at noon.
The long westbound overland passenger
train. No. 3, running several hours behind
schedule time, was running swiftly on a
heavy down grade across an embankment,
from the lower side of which there is a
descent of 500 feet. The pony wheels of
the engine struck a bad rail and instantly
the locomotive left the track. Engineer
Brown instantly applied the air brakes
and then clung to the throttle a9 the pon
derous machine, swaying and trembling,
plowed its way over the ties within a few
feet of the edge of the deep chasm. Six
teen car lengths the locomotive ran and
then the engineer got it under control.
Fireman -William Mclntyre had jumped,
and he rolled down the embankment,
being severely but not dangerously hurt.
The train was made up of thirteen cars,
none of which left the track, and no pas
sengers were injured. Many of the pas-'
sengers went forward and thanked En
gineer Brown for so plucklly staying by
his engine. His coolness and judgment
averted a terrible accident, for had he
left the engine it Is probable the train
would have gone over the embankment,
thus causing frightful loss of life.
HEROIC ENGINEER
SAVES MANY LIVES
DORVAL, Quebec, Aug. C— This was
the third day of the international race for
the Sewanhaka cup, and as the race on
Saturday .was not completed within the
four-hour limit, the 'course was the same
to-day, to windward and return, two
Red, Coat Again Wins.
who made the attempt at robbery in the
Mint saloon. They will bo taken to Flag
staff to-morrow by Sheriff Johnson.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
T3AN JOSE, Aug. 6.— Active steps were
taken to-night by a citizens' committee
looking toward paying bv popular sub
scription the debt of $59,500 on the Uni
versity of the Pacific of this city, the
leading Methodist educational institution
on the coast. The report showed the to
tal resources of the school in real estate
etc., to be $269,337. with liabilities of $39.
500. A committee was empowered, to work
in conjunction with the university au
thorities. The sum of £U.O2O is now sub
scribed to meet the indebtedness. It is
proposed to raise the remaining $25,0S0 by
subscription." '
To Pay University's Debts.
WASHINGTON. Aus. 6.— A note has been
received by the Department of State from the
Italian Embassy saying - that the Minister of
the Interior at P»omi> has issued sn edict re
vokinjr the prohibition upon the importation
of ealted hides and. shoe leather from places
Infested with the bubonic plasue. ,
LONDON. Aug. 6.— The Hou?e of Lords to
day gave Judgment in the ca*e of the Times
vs. Lane, the question beiner whether a re
porter can copyright speeches, in this case
the utterances beinp those of Ixird' Rosebery.
The judgment reverses the decision of the
Court | of Appeals, . the . House of Lords up
holding, the copyright of the Times. Lord
Rosebery dissented from the Judgment. §
NEW TORK. Aug. 6.— Gold will go to Eng
land on Wednesday next. Bankers to-day
talked of considerable shipments on account of
war loan remittances and monetarv conditions
abroad. From $1,000,000 to f 4.000, 000 will prob
ably be engaged to-morrow as a result of ne
gotiations undertaken to-day.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 6.— Word was received at
the headquarters of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Iron, Steel and Tin Workers to-day
that the wage scale has been siRned by the
Southern Car combine for all Us mills In
the South. This means work for about 1300
men.
NASSAU. N. P., Auff. 6.— The United States
transport . McPherson. Captain Byrne, went
ashore on Fortune Island August 2. "out floated
Aucust 5 uninsured and proceeded. The Mc-
Pherson arrived at Santiago from New Tork
July 2S and sailed July 31 for Guantanamo.
CHARLOTTE, N. C. Aug. 6.— No reliance Is
attached to sensational reports of bloodshed at
Bayboro and Jd&ldena In alleged post-election
riots, and stories of other killing's in North
Carolina are likewise without foundation.
SUCRE. Bolivia, Aug. S.— Congress will . be
opened to-day, the anniversary of th<? Inde
pendence of Bolivia. A Cabinet crisis an1
a vote of censure from Congress are expected
this week unless the Ministers resign. ,
WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— The count of the
population of Buffalo, N. Y.. .lust completed
at the census office, is 3o2.2tS. The population
in 1830 was 255. 6C4. The increase is 37.77 per
cent.
WASHINGTON*. Aup:. 6.— Actlnsc Secretary of
State Adee hns rerelved a dispatch from Sec
retary Hay to the effpet that there Is no
truth in the rumors of his serious Illness.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Special TMspatch t" The Call.
BAKERSFIELD. Aug. 6.— Judge Lucien
Saw of the Los Anprcles Superior Court,
whose San Francisco .poolroom case
proved a recent decision, in the finishing
blow to the operators of those places,
handed down his decision here to-day In a
big water suit— the Kern County Land
Company against Miller and Lux. The
case went against the latter.
The decision fa of great interest to the
city of Bakersfield, inasmuch as it does
away with Panama Slough, which winds
its filthy course through the main part of
the city. It has been a great nuisance
and menace to the public health. Here
tofore it has not been possible for the
city to do away with this run. owing to
the legal obstacle in the way that it
was a waterway. Judge Shaw's decision
that it is not a waterway will now make
the way clear to do away with the nui
$ Miller and Lux contended that they and
a few others were entitled to S00 cubic
feet of water and should be allowed to
receive it through Panama Slough. Judge
Shaw's decree allows them nine and a
half cubic feet, and.it must be delivered
to them through the Famer's Canal.
The decree sets cut that Panama Slough
has not been a natural waterway for thir
ty years. It is understood that this de
cision wilt settle the controversy and that
there will be no appeal to a higher court.
This case was heard some time ago and
occupied the attention of the court for
several, weeks. There were over 400.OC0
words in the testimony. The peonlo of
Bakersfleld are much pleased at Shaw's
decision. In all probability the city will
use the old sloughbed to lay a main for
the sewer system planned.
Decision Against Miller & Lux Will
Enable the Abolition of Pan
ama Slough.
BAKERSFIELD REJOICES
AT JUDGE SHAW'S RULING
miles each way.' three times around, dis
tance twelve miles. Red Coat crossed the
finish line at 6:49:30, winning the race;
Minnesota, C:52:36.
THE BUND, OR PRINCIPAL STREET, SHANGHAI.
"A. CENTER OF TROUBLE" MAY 'AT ANY MOMENT BE DEVELOPED AT SHANGHAI, NEAR WHICH A
LARGE ARMY OF CHINESE IS STATIONED.
leaving the saloon they attempted to hold
up De Forest, a barber, and two others,
each of whom bad considerable money,
but they resisted until a policeman ap
peared upon the scene, when the footpads
tied. . : . ¦:¦
• Officer Andrews and a posse started to
hunt up the desperadoes and succeeded in
making three arrests to-day. They are
all desperate characters and undoubtedly
members of a band of thugs and outlaws.
Smith identified them as being the men
"I do not think that the powers will
divide China, Tho conditions that meet
them now is pacification of the country.
There Is no talk of partition In Germany
and I do not believe there will be any on
the paxt of the other powers. There is a
big undertaking- before the powers and
they cannot go Into this with any feeling:
or desire for division of the Chinese em
pire. The first thing- is the rescue of the
Foreign Ministers. Then will come the
restoration of peace. Indemnities and
such other solution of affairs will follow."
"I think It Is very likely both countries
have the same cause for war, and both
would have a common cause for acting
together."
He did not think partition wonldu bo
made of China and said on this subject:
report that Russia and Germany wonld
declare for war conjointly against China,
the Ambassador said:
Shortly before 6 o'clock last night Depu
ties Flanagan and Meehan received a call
from Armand K. Brlgss, the druggist at
the clinic, to come and remove a body
"When they arrived at the place they
found the remains of the young woman oh
an operating table. The body was dressed
and death had evidently ensued before th<»
surgeon's knife could be applied.
When the deputies asked questions they
were told that ro person present had the
slightest idea of the case. Brlggs, tho
druggist.- said that some person had •re
quested him to inform the Coroner that a
case awaited him. Who that person waa
he could not remember. AH the physi
cians had left the pl?ee and not a single
word of information had been left
No record of the girl's history could be
produced, although prominent physicians
in the place stated later that it is custo
mary for each patient to leave his or her
name in the drug store before entering
for treatment.
Officer Flynn notified Captain Seymour
of the case and he at once detailed Detec
tive Crockett on it. The detective could
not obtain any more information than
any one else. A number of physicians
connected, with the clinic disclaimed all
knowledge of the case, and not even the
names of the persons who were to have
performed the operation could be ob
tained.
The Coroner's deputies and the detec
tives who were detailed on the case were
baffled when they found the body alone
in the room. Several bruises on it. still
unexplained, served only to deepen the
mystery.
A death to which much mystery clings
was reported to the Morgue officials last
evening. A young woman died on an
operating table at the New Montgomery
street Clinic, a branch of the medical de
partment of the University of California,
before an operation had been commenced.
Who she was nobody knows. It is said
that she came to her death while being
placed under the influence of chloroform,
but the names of the persons who .vere
present when she breathed her last Iiave
not been revealed.
Autopsy Bears Out Statement That
Young Woman Died While Be
ing Placed Under Influence
of Chloroform.
Coroner's Deputies and De
tectives Can Get No
Information.
MYSTERY OF
GIRL'S DEATH
IN A CLINIC
CHINESE GUNBOAT ANT>
TORPEDO STATION OX THE
YANGTSE RIVER.
This is a well fortified place be
tween Chlnklang and Wusung,
where a number of foreign war
vessels are lying, and In event of
an outbreak at Shanghai will be
come an object of immediate at
tack.
T ONDON. Aug. 6.— The antl-for
1 elgn power again has the up-
J j per hand at Peking. Accord
ing to reports emerging: from
L! Hung Chang's lodgings at
Shanghai, his baggage is packed
preparatory to his departure for
Peking, but It Is added that ho has
applied to the throne for twenty
days' sick leave.
LI Hung Chang claims that his
representations to the Yangtse
Viceroys and Taotal Sheng will be
denounced by LI Ping Hens? bo
cause they are friendly to th.© for
eigners.
'A news agency dispatch from
Shanghai, dated to-day (August 6).
says it is rumored that the Vlce
roy, Tuan Shi Kal. Governor of
Shangtung. who disapproved of
Prince Tuan, has been killed.
EMBASSAOOR
WHITE TALKS
Continued from First Pags.
7" ONDON, Aug. j, 4 a. in. — The Standard's Shanghai
I . correspondent wiring Sundax says: "It is clear that the
inarch to the relief of Peking will be anything but a
xvalkoz'cr. Japanese scouts have discovered a large force of
Chinese southwest of Tientsin and another large force in the
vicinity of Lu Tai, to the castzcard. It is learned now that tlie
members of the Tsung li Yamen who were put to death for
their alleged pro-foreign proclivities were not beheaded, but
zi'cre cut in tn'ain, this being the severest penalty under the
Manchu code. Shcng declares that the Grand Council at Pe
king zcas ignorant of the orders for the execution."
WASHINGTON. July G.— The an
nouncement received through
Rear Admiral Remey and Com
mander Tau?5ig of reported
heavy fighting on the river be
rnr<J Tienf-in Ties tho news of interest in
the Chinese situation. Little doubt was
expressed at the Navy Department that
the news was substantially correct. It
i= probable a lat.r report may reduce the
i<=t of casualties amene the inlerr.a^mal
forced but it is evident that the move on
Peking is at la^t fairly under way as.a
thru strong opposition has been encount
ered The officials of the War T»epart
tner.t. who have been exceedingly reticent
for several days as to news from the seat
of war admitted to-day when the naval
di<=patch«-s were received that the an
nouncement of the battle was not unex
pected. Opiniett among the various offi
cials now in Washington is somewhat
.livided as t" just what is presaged by to
i1ay"s events. The more optimistic are
i-clined to think that such a severe blow
as the Chinese must have received at
FVitssr.K Win result in the speedy disir.ter
pration of the forces now opposing the
u „* »v>o intnrnatinnal column.
Beginning of K«sistance. ;
In lir.e with this prediction, it was pro-<{
pbecied that the Chinese Government
would find means to send the Ministers
from Peking under escort and thus stave
off the advance upor. the capital. On the
£ther hand, a number of officers in a posi
tion to judge equally well held that the
fight at 'peitsang was only the beginning
nf a strenuous resistance that would be
continued to the gates of Peking or be
yond. It was urped in support of this
view that the Chinese had a hundred men
to lose against one of the allies; that they
¦were well armed with modern guns and
had apparently an abundance of am
munition.
It is stated liat much apprehension ex
ists among those conversant with Oriental
affairs at the reappearance in Peking
politic* cf that rabid and anti-foreign \
fanatic, Li Ping Heng. It is understood j
? hat his appearance in Peking affairs may
have had something to do with the Shang
hai rumors of Li Hung Chang's suicide.
It is certain that with Li Ping Her.g and
Prince Tuan in control of the de facto
Government in China a religious war of i
dervish-like fanaticism probably will be
waged against all foreigners, and friends
of the more liberal Chinese statesmen are
exceedingly anxious as to their fate under
the Tuan-Li Pirg Herg regime.
Heavy Guns for China.
The War Department is in receipt of a
Uspattch from General MacArthur an
louncing that he has supplied additional
artillery supplies for Taku for use in the
"hinese campaign. These supplies include
several Gathng euns and the remainder of
the howitzer siege train from Manila,
which up to date has remained useless in
the Philippines on account of the bad
roads.
How much better General Chaffee may
be able to handle these monster guns
ihrough the almost impassable rice
-xvan~.ps of China, no cne at the War De
partment was willinc: to guess, but his
recent dispatch contained an urgent ap
peal for more artillery, and he is getting
it. The experts at the War Department
=ay that if it comes to a bombardment of
Peking these Qve-fseb rifles and seven
irch howitzer?, with their enormous
¦•ursting charges of high explosives, will
be the most effective battering weapons
In the international co'.umn.
Minister Wu left Washington on Satur
day for Cape May and remained away
from Washington to-day, although he had
been expected to return on Sunday night.
The Chinese Legation wore an air of
desertion throughout the. day and all in
terrogations of the Chinese in charge
were met with the response that there
was r.o news or sign of any.
SCARCITY OF CANNED
IHFATS IN GERMANY
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— The provi
sioning of Germany's naval forces for the
China campaign has been greatly inter
fered with by the scarcity of canned
m^ats in the empire, according to a re
port to the State Department from United
States Consul Pit cairn at Hamburg. The
naval authorities at Kiel, he says, are
torr.pelled to buy canned meats at a high
price in foreign countries because of the
inability of Germany to supply home de
mands. Consul Pitcairn transmits an
article published in a Denmark news
paper teliing of an order for 30,000 pounds
nf sausage placed by the German Govern
ment for use on the Chinese squadron.
He also sends an article published in a
Hamburg newspaper, giving. further evi
dence of the straits to which Germany is
brought in supplying- her ships' crews
bound for Chinese waters with meat.
American canned moats, the latter article
says, have been largely used In supply
ing the German navy. The army, it adds,
is supplied by two large meat houses at
Spandau and Mainz and there is an
urgent necessity for creating new plants
and extending the old ones to such a de
gree, that the provisioning of both the
army and navy can be accomplished by
tho home industry alone.
¦ —
SITUATION SFRIOUS
ON THE UPPER YANGTSE
PARIS. Aug. 6.— The French Consul at
Chungking telegraphs under date of Au
gust 3 that the situation Is becoming more
Ffrious on the upper Yangtse. The Eng
lish Consul, he r>ays, has left with the
Custom House staff, and the French Con
sul intends to leave, with his Japanese
colleagues. The mail service has been
stopped.
COLONIES ARE AGAIN
AIDING GREAT BRITAIN
IX)XDOX. Aug. €.— The Parliamentary
Secretary of the Foreign Office, Mr. Brod
erick. eald in the House of Commons to
day that the Government had no Inform-
ntion regarding the reported advance of
British and other, forces toward Peking,
nor as to the present proposition of the
foreign missions (here, adding that com
munications from the legations and relief
forces had to be borne by runners and
dispatch boats.
The First Lord of the Admiralty. Mr.
Gopchen. said the colonial contingents in
China would consist of 200 officers and
men from Victoria. 300 officers and men.
from New South Wales and a gunboat
and 112 officers and men from South
Australia. The cost, he added, would be
partly borne by the colonies.
MISSIONARIES ARE
ALWAYS IN DANGER
BERLIN. Aug. S.-The German Foreign
Office announces to-night that it had no
China nws and that it doubted whether
the advance of the allied forces from
Tientsin had begun.
The Lokal Anzeigpr publishes an inter
view which Dr. Zaker. its ppecial China
correspondent, had with IA Hung Chang
at Canton on July 5. Earl LI told the cor
respondent that the Boxers would not
Nrebel and were loyal to the royal house.
This movement, he explained, was direct
ed chiefly against native Christians who'
had been using international protection
to oppress the Boxers.
With reference to the missionaries he
said: "It is my firm conviction that tho
missionaries are always in danger, for ths
relations between the Chinese population I
and foreigners have been the cause of j
nearly all the troubles and -will alway3
continue to be."
Earl LI went on to Fay that Chinese j
hatred of foreigners had been increased !
of late through the action of the powers, j
particulary in the seizure of Kiaochau
which he described as "an exorbitant
penalty for a couple of missionaries."
i Referring to the murder of Baron von
Ketteler. German Minister at Peking, he
gave positive assurance that neither
Prince Tuan nor any other members of
the Government knew of the intended
killing, and he also declared that Baron
von Ketteler was not murdered because
he was a German, but because he was a
foreigner; in a word, he was a victim of
the Chinese hatred of foreigners.
"The Chinese Government is not strong
enough to put down the Boxers," said
Earl Li. "but the thought of accepting as
sistance from the powers to put them
down is extremely repugnant to the Gov
ernment."
In reply to a question as to ¦who was
at the head of the central government
he said it was administered by Prince
Tuan. in the name of the Emperor.
RUSSIAN RAILWAY
OFFICIALS RETURNING
ST PETERSBURG. Aug. 6.— A telegram
from Khabarvopk pays: About 6000 per
sons—railway officials and their families
have arrived here from Charbin and
other points, having received orders from
Government officials to embark on steam
ers. Among them are forty-four wounded
and thirty-thr^e on the invalid list. Tfie
Chinese Railway Company has given 5000
rubles for ambulance purposes and for
the construction of quarters for other
refugees.
SHIPS CARRYING ANIMALS.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— The quarter
master'p department has made out the
following schedule for the sailing of ships
carrying animals for the Chinese and
Philippine service, together with the num
ber cf animals each ship will carry. The
total number of animals is 5406: Kintuck.
800. August 25. from Seattle; Arab, GOO.
August 30. Seattle: Thyra. 600. September
1. Portland: Port Albert. 506, September 1,
Seattle: Westminster, 350. September 1,
San Francisco; Wilhelmlna, 700, Septem
ber 5. Seattle; Oopack. 850, September 15,
Seattle; Conemaugh, 275, October 1, San
Francisco; Leelanaw, 255, October 1, San
Francisco; Lennox, 470, October 1, Port
land.
ASSISTANT SURGEON DROWNED.
SHANGHAI, Aug. 6.— Passed Assistant
Surgeon Stoughton of the United States
gunboat Castine was drowned hero yester
day. ______^_____
CLINGS TO HER LOVER.
Jennie Marino Did Not Return to
Her Livermore Home. •
STOCKTON, Aug. 6.— Joe Garcia and
Jennie Marino, who disappeared from
Livermore less than a week ago. having
eloped, were recognized In Stockton yes
terday by an acquaintance of the young
lady. She admitted that she had eloped
with Garcia, but declared that she was
about to leave him and promised to meet
the acquaintance and return home. She
failed to put in an appearance, however,
and it is believed she left Stockton with
Garcia last night. Miss Marino, who is
but 14 years of age. says she was not
married to Garcia, who is about 22. Both
were reared in Livermore. where their
parents reside.
BURNS CALIFORNIA FRTTIT.
British Columbia Officer Condemns
Infected Apples and Pears.
Sjweial Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. £.. Aug. 6.-Durin?
the last four weeks about 500 barrels of
¦ California apples and . pears have been
! condemned here by Inspector Cunnlng
' ham. They were infected with the codlin
1 moth and were burned in the crematory.
To-day a shipment of 100 boxes of apples
*• received >y tho steamer City of Puebla
i end several boxes cf peaches and pears
were condemned by the inspector and
sent to the crematory. The shipment
to-day wes discovered only after H had
been sent to the warehouse of the firm
importing the consignment. It had been
| removed from the wharf without inspec
tion and the firm is now liable to a fine
of $100 and costs.
. Three Desperadoes in an Arizona Jail.
• WILLIAMS, Ariz.. Aug. 6.— Three men
• j entered the back door of the Mint saloon
With Li Ping Heng and Prince Tuan in Control of the De Facto Government at Peking a Re
ligious War of Dervish-Like Fanaticism May Be Waged Against All
Foreigners in the Celestial Empire.
last night, but finding the room full of
men Quickly, retired. Later two of them
entered the front door and one the rear
and made a dash for "Buck" Smith, tho
bartender, who met them with two revolv
ers. The robbers again retreated. After
CHINESE STATESMEN JOIN IN THE FEAR THAT THERE
WILL BE FIERCE FIGHTING BEFORE PEKING IS REACHED
THE SAN ; FRAXGISCO GALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1900.
2
TACOMA, Wash.. Auip. 6.— The cases of man-
slaughter charges apainst the Tacoma Street
Railway Company, growing out of the Fourth
of July accident, were this morning postponed
until September 1.
Wriit^rs
V V UB ivl J
Most cooks and
waiters buy their
clothes of us.
Some do not. \
Those who don't
are wasting hard
earned money.
Here's where you
save it.
Cooka' caps . . .' . ioc ca
Waiters' aprons . . I2^c ea
Cooks' coats . 75c and $1.00 ea
White string ties . . .ioc doz
White bows ... six for 25c
Full dress dickies . . . 85c ea
Plain dickies . . . . 65c ea
Cooks' aprons . 15 and 20c ca
Waiters' coats of black cloth . i
. . . $2.50 and $3.50 ea
Vests to match the coats $1.75 ea
Waiters' black sateen coats, . i
unlined .... 75c ca
Waiters' black sateen coats, . $
lined, better sateen than J
the 75c ones . $1.00 ca
Waiters' French aprons, 42 and '
S 46 inches long; here is a ?
hummer . . . 25c ca
Bar coats, military cat or roll- »
ing collar, linen frogs sewed »
on . . . . $1.50 ca
Bar coats, with military or roll- «
ing collar, pearl buttons, J
. . . 75c and $1.00 caat 3:10 o'clock on the afternoon of June 17.
It was a Sunday and we had been expect
ing it. At 11 a. m. on the 18th we saw
smoke about four miles away in the di
rection of Peking and at once concluded
THE REV. DR. CHALFANT ADDRESSING THE PRESBY
TERIAN MINISTERS O N THE BOXER UPRISING, AND
REFUGEES FROM TIENTSIN WHO ARRIVED HERE
YESTERDAY ON THE TRANSPORT LOGAN.
some of the high buildings, from which
point they would pick off the foreigners
in. the street below. A Russian officer
and three of his men were 'sniped* in this
way. All died from their wounds.
"One night I was standing at my win
dow, close to which was a big tree. ' Sud
denly I heard two rifle') shots, followed in
stantly by the spattering of bullets on
the window 3hutters. I ran into the hall
and told one of the officers. He made a
hurried Investigation and found a Boxer
up in the tree. At the point of the gun
he was ordered down and the first thing
he asked was If he had killed the Chris
tian in the window (meaning me). He
was given a trial, found guilty and shot.
"Another time I waa standing in front
of a -mirror. I lighted a candle for a
minute, but felt that it was not safe to
keep it burning, so blew it out. No sooner
had I done 'so than the mirror in front of
me was smashed to smithereens. I could
not understand what had happened and
struck a match to. see what the trouble
was. A bullet had struck the glass not
two inches over my head."
DOCTOR JOINED
FIRST SORTIE
j^R. DIFFENDORFER tells an inter
im/ esting story of his. experience dur-
ing the height. of the Tientsin trou
ble. "Tongue cannot tell nor the mind of
an ordinary American citizen imagine the
state of affairs that now exists in China,"
said the doctor,, yesterday. "I have been
out there a year and a half and through
my connection with Consul Ragsdale got a
good insight into the situation. This out
break is not a thing of the moment. It
has been growing and gathering strength
for months, and the Chinese Government
Is behind it. .There Is no question about
that, i Sentimentalists can say what they
please, but China must be whipped into
line, or else tho foreigners and mission
aries can never hope to make a home
there again.
"The bombardment' of Tientsin began
"When the first Boxer disturbance oc
curred I was within fifty feet of a body
of them. It was on the morning of June
15. We had been awakened from sleep
and told to start for Gordon Hall Imme
diately. The first I know of the danger
was when I heard a chanting sound some
ways up the street. Then in the dim
morning light we could' distinguish a lot
of Boxers slowly making their way to
ward us. They were going through a lot
of movements which is characteristic of
them before they engage In an attack.
They wore gray suits with red sashes and
hats and were swinging red lanterns in
front of them. Only a few had guns,
most of them carrying swords, three of
which had been taken out of their
sheaths. We could see them glisten in
the light of the lanterns.
"We expected, of course, wo would be
captured before reaching Gordon Hall,
and I had taken out my revolver and was
on the point of killing myself when, from
some hidden place, a detachment of Ger
man guards, came between us and the
Boxers. The guards charged upon the
Chinamen and drove them back.
"I remained at the Gordon Hall until
June 23. During the shelling we were In
the cellar and we took our chances be
tween the firing to get outside and eat.
One day I went outside and was turning
the corner of the -building- when a three
lnch shell burst back of me. But I had
Just sot around the side of the building
and so escaped the force of the explo
sion. A piece of the projectile, however,
struck me and I picked it up and have
saved It as a memento.
"After the railroad station and arsenals
had been reduced there was a continuous
rain of bullets and many of the Boxers
managed to get by the allies'. guards and
into the city. They would get on top of
"I stood it Just as long as I could. Then
I turned to a couple of the marines on
the deck and in a voice that could be
heard by everybody around me, said:
" 'Boys, have any of you a cigarette?'
The other women looked on in horror as
1 took a. cigarette from one of the sailors
and calmly began to smoke it. It was
my first, but not my last. I found that
its odor was a great relief from the sick
ening perfumes which rose from the
water and river banks and I kept on
smoking until we reached Taku. All told
I smoked twelve.
"As our boat proceeded we were horri
fied to see heads of Chinamen floating in
the water, while along: the river banks
were dismembered bodies, and in same
places dogs were eating the decayed flesh.
It was the most sickening sight I have
ever witnessed. The . stench from the
bodies was terrible.
"It was while coming down the Peiho
River that I smoked by first cigarette,"
said Miss Fahr in relating her experi
ences to a Call reporter at the Occidental.
"Our boat was the iirst to attempt to
make the trip in three weeks. A num
ber had already lost their lives in making
similar attempts, and we were told that
we were running chances even then.
OF the many thrilling stories related
by the refugees, none exceeeds in in
terest that told by Miss Tillie M.
Fahr of Lincoln City, Indiana, who spent
two years in Tientsin teaching in a pri
vate family. Three times Miss Fahr came
within a hair's breadth of being killed
by the savage Boxers. One of the unus
ual incidents of the young woman's flight
for home was her learning to smoke
cigarettes, an accomplishment which she
makes no pretense of covering up. In
fact she seems to enjoy telling about it.
MISS FAHR HAS
THRILLING TALE
Little Miss Ragsdalo is no tat all glad
to be home now that the danger of bom
bardment has passed. She says shj would
like to be where she could be of service
to those who fell In battle. They had
turned her home into a hospital before
she left and she wishes she could have
stayed there to help.
being so calm that a launch could almost
have made the trip.
/& HARLES McINTOSH. who was wltn
Dr. Diffendorfer in Tientsin, did some
clever work as a sharpshooter from
the tower of the woolen mills. The tower
commanded a view of the entire situation
for miles. In the lower part of the build
ing the marines and soldiers were hold-
SHOT BOXERS
FROM A TOWER
"As to the allies. The Cossacks are
great soldiers. Had It not been for them
we would never have got out of Tientsin.
The Japanese are great fighters. They
can fire quicker and do more execution
than any soldiers on earth. The British.
Americans and Japanese stand togethar
and when the fall of Peking comes I
think you will find the three powers in
the advance guard."
"Dr. Kin, a tine Chinese gentleman, a
graduate of Yale and president of the
military college, was murdered with his
students. He took lunch that day with
Lieutenant Wright of the English ma
rines, who advised him not to go back to
the place. Dr. Kin had sent his family
down the river that morning, but the
Boxers knew them and turned them
back without molesting them. They told
them that they did not want to hurt them,
but that they wanted to get hold of Dr.
Kin because he was a friend of the for
eigners. Dr. Kin knew that his family
had returned and went back to the col
lege and to his death. .
"If the missionaries told their story as
a layman would tell it the civilized world
would stand aghast. People in America
have no Idea of the atrocities that white
people have to put up with in tho Flowery
Kingdom.
"On the 17th the Imperial Military Col
lege at Tientsin was taken by the allies.
Every one of the ninety students was
killed. They were all the sons of Chinese
diplomats and their relatives will cry for
vengeance. Nothing could stop the Rus
sians in their pursuit of the Mongolians.
They were out for blood and they made
It flow like water. Everywhere a Chinese
was seen outside of the English conces
sions he was shot down.
"Mclntosh ran the engine and when wo
had gone about three miles we found the
road so undermined that a halt was called.
Ahead of us we saw a number of men
and a close scrutiny showed that they
were Imperial troops. They began firing
on us with Mausers and we answered
with a field piece.
"I think it was this sortie that precip
itated the attempt to take Tientsin. The
attack on the Taku forts began at 2 p.
m. and the assault on Tientsin by the
Chinese at 3:10 p. m., so that both events
may be said to have been simultaneous.
that the Chinese were burning the
bridges. Captain Bailey of the English
service ordered out an engine and a flat
car and thirty bluejackets from the Eng
lish sloop-of-war Orlando were ordered to
the front. Charles Mclntosh. my assist
ant at the woolen mills, and I were the
only two. outsiders who went along. A
midshipman not yet out of his teens waa
In command, and a braver or more
knightly lad never went into active ser
vice. I do not remember his name, but
he was later killed in the assault on Tien
tsin.
railroad station which the Boxers
peemed very anxious to reach. The Rus
sians had been fighting steadily at that
point for twelve hours and they were fast
weakening. Meanwhile another 400 made
a desperate attempt to reinforce those
who were fiphting on the plains to the
right. They were driven back, however,
and then they joined those who were de
fending the station. Matters looked so
serioua that it was thought best to get
the ammunition -wagons in readiness. The
horses were hitched and the women and
children were told to be ready at a mo
ment's notice to board tne wagons In case
a retrest was forced. The plan was to
pet us out bv way of Taku. In the event
of this plan" being frustrated there were
ten bluejackets who volunteered to shoot
us rather than let us fall Into the hands
of the Chinese.
"But just at the most critical moment
3X1 bluejackets charged ahead of the Rus
sians, the latter following closely. The
Boxers evidently thought reinforcements
had arrived and they retreated like a
pack of wild geese.
"But I almost forgot to tell you about
our hero— the real hero of Tientsin, and
everybody should rise when his name is
spoken. It was 'Jim' Watts who really
saved us. To him the women and chil
dren all owe their lives.
"When the situation was most critical
and it seemed as if our men must give
up the fight because of sheer exhaustion
and lack of ammunition. 'Jim' volunteer
ed to carry a dispatch at the peril of his
life to Taku. The dispatch was as fol
lows:
Tientsin besl»sed by Chinese. Ammunition
ami supplies running ehort. Send help Imme
diately cr all are lost.
CAPTAIN BAILEY.
"Watts started for Taku at 8 p. m. He
was accompanied by three mounted Cos
sacks. They rode all night, reaching Taku
at S o clock in the morning. It was on
Tuesday, the 19th. that 'Jim' left Tientsin
and the following Saturday relief came.
The boys arrived none too soon, for our
provisions and ammunition ¦were practic
ally exhausted and the Boxers were again
becoming desperate.
"When 'Jim' came back with the relief
column I asked him at what point In his
journey did he feel the most frightened.
He said it was when he rode into a nar
row lane in a small settlement about half
way between Tientsin and Taku. He dis
covered that there waa a stone wall at
the end of the lane and that he could go
no further. There were a lot of people
and several armed Chinamen in tho street
They looked at 'Jim' suspiciously and
finally ordered him to halt. He saw that
it was a case of life or death and he
ordered his men to charpe. They did
•Jim" included, firing at the same time
They'escaped without the loss of a man'
though one of the Cossacks was injured'
Ijuite badly. Now. maybe we didn't give
.'Jim' a warm reception, lie told us of
the capture of the Taku forts by the al
lies s*.nd we knew then that the worst of
our fears were over."
The Americans left Tientsin July 2 on
several launches captured by the 'United
States troops. At Taku they boarded the
Monocacy and the next day they were
transferred to tho Newark and later they
were again transferred to a French trans
port, which conveyed them to Nagasaki,
where they boarded the transport Logan
The voyage was very pleasant, the sea
GIRL'S ACCOUNT
OF FIGHTING
and lntPr.FPly interesting are
/_j the two oh!l(]rer. cf J. W. Ragsdale.
¦^ United States Consul at Tientsin.
Few young folks have experienced so
much adventure as have Master Earl and
Miss Effle Ragsdale. T!;ey are 17 and 13
years of age respectively. They spent two
knd a half years in Tientsin and both
ltr.ow the country like a book. Santa Rosa
Is their home and they started for there
yesterday afternoon. With them on the
transport were Mrs. E. B. Drew and chil
dren. Mrs. Drew is the wife of the com
missioner of customs at Tientsin. Their
destination is Boston.
Miss Ragsdale could not say enough in
praise of the United States Government
for taking such gt>od care of herself and
brother and in fact of all foreigners in
China of whatever nationality.
Uncle Sam's men, she said, seemed to
tr.ke care of everybody who needed as
rlstance. The commar..ders of the other
foreign transports appeared to have lost
their heads and oftentimes their own
countrymen were refused assistance or
protection. These always* found a -warm
•welcome from the Americans and It seem
ed ag if there was nothing that the United
Etates officers would not do for those In
distress.
"On June 14." Miss Ragsdale said. "the
Boxers destroyed two large churches
built by the missionaries. That was the
first serious act of the Boxers, although
for several months prior there had been
desultory firing going on.
"On June 15 we were ordered to leave
our house and go to Gordon Hall. When
we- got there we found it locked. We were
oblioged to return home, but the next time
we went we had no trouble getting into
the halL
"That was on ths 17th. On the
following day the Boxers began to shell
the city with a vengeance.
*'A big Fhell exploded in the dlnlng
r.-iom. where several people were eating,
and a Cmnese man and wife were killed.
The shells wore flying bo thick that we
had to po down Into the cellar under the
tower. In an hour and a half forty shells
were firod at the hall by the Boxers.
"There wore 200 of us in the cellar and
we were a pretty frightened lot I can tell
you. Babies and little children were cry
ing and distracted mothers walked the
floor and prayed for deliverance. The
men wore all outside participating in the
tiefer.se. At night our family, with four
others, slept ou the hall stajre— that Is,
what sleep we could get, which wasn't
much.
"One afternoon I went out to carry
6ime of the men coffee and sandwiches.
The bullets were flyinp: aJl around me
and one big shell landed only thirty feet
away. My leg was injured by the explo
sion.
"The situation was the worst on the
ISth. and most of us expected to • die.
Tliere were 400 Russians protecting the
J/TflTH a crowd of men, women and children — refu
y r S ccs from Tientsin — on her poop deck the United
States army transport Logan steamed in through the
Golden Gate early yesterday morning. She went at once into
quarantine and zvas released at p a. in., docking an hour later.
During all of the long wait not a passenger left the main deck
and many a heartfelt "thank God'' was uttered when the
steamer zvas alongside and all hands were allozvcd ashore.
Thrilling arc the talcs of the refugees in describing their
hairbreadth escapes from death and from wholesale slaughter
at the hands of the bloodthirsty Chinese Boxers while cooped
up in Tientsin praying for the arrival of the relief force from
Taku.
Around Tientsin occurred the first great struggle in the
baffle for supremacy between the Asiatic hordes and the sol
diers representing the Western powers. On that occasion,
thanks to the valor of the American, British, Russian and Jap
anese forces, the Mongolians zverc driven back zvith great
slaughter, and Tientsin was rclirjcd. Once the allied forces
were in possession of the tozan there zcas a general exodus of
the people who had been imprisoned there. Some of them came
to San Francisco, others zvent to Europe, a few are making
their homes in Japan temporarily, but all zvho could leave Chi
nese territory did so.
Many of the refugees zvent to Taku, China, and from
there took passage for the United States. They got as far as
Nagasaki, Japan, and there zverc compelled to wait for trans
portation to San Francisco. The Warren, from Manila, came
along, but she zvas crowded with soldiers who had been inva
lided home front the Philippines, so the refugees had to possess
their souls in patience.
Six days after the departure of the Warren the Logan put
in an appearance. She had been to Taku, from Manila, zvith
the Ninth Infantry, and having landed the troops zvas on her
way back to San Francisco. On her zvay here she stopped at
Yokohama, and had barely cleared that port when a cable or
dering her back to China reached the United States Consul.
She came home by zvay of the Great Circle, but zvas consider
ably delayed by five days of fog.
Besides the forty-two refugees from Tientsin the Logan
brought home sixteen invalided marines and sailors, sixty-one
sick men from the Ninth Infantry and four prisoners. The
soldiers of the Ninth zi'crc taken sick while en route from Ma
nila to Taku, and had to be sent home.
Quite a number of people joined the Logan at Taku, but
ov.lv zvent as far as Yokohama on her. Among them were:
Captain McCalla and servant, Mr. and Mrs. Garley and child,
Miss Fabris, Miss Wilson. Miss Glover. Miss Croucher, E. G.
Adams. Mrs. Forbes, G. S. Knowlcs, Mrs. Dctring, child and
nurse; Miss Dctring. Miss D. Detn'ng and Miss E. Dctring.
Mrs. McCalla and Miss McCalla, the wife and daughter of
Captain. McCalla, joined the Logan at Nagasaki.
Among those zvho came here direct from the scat of war
was Dr. R. E. Diffcndorfer. He is in charge of Effic and Earl
Ragsdcle, son and daughter of the American Consul at Tien
tsin. Dr. Dittendorfer zvas formerly a dentist in Santa Rosa,
but zvent to China some years ago and established a zvoolcn mill
there. Everything he ozvncd in the Flowery Kingdom is now
in ruins, so he decided to come home and await better times.
United States army transport yes
terday. Many left here last even-
Ing for their homes in various sec
tions of the United States, but
there are a few who will stay at
the hotels here for some time:
Mrs. Ed B. Drew and four
children.
Mrs. Pyke and four chil
dren.
Sirs. Lowiy and three chil
dren.
3dr. and lira. Hayner and
three children.
Miss Jones, 0. C. Clifford.
Dr. B. E. DifCendorfer.
Mr. Mclntosh.
Rev. H. "W. Houlding, wtfo
and son.
Mis*. Effie Rag-dale.
Master Earl Ragsdale, V>
Mrs. Frank B. Davis.
Mrs. Montelle.
Mis3 Tillie Fahr.
Dr. If. S. Hopkins, wife and
three children.
Mrs. H. E. King and three
children.
Mr. and Mrs. H. g-Mfo-
J. N". Mussen.
James E, Pamplin. .
Frederick J. Mailer.
Frank E. Dow.
Mrs. O. C. Clifford and in
fant. \
J7OLLOWDTG is a list of ths
# refugees from Tientsin who ar
rived in San Francisco on the
REFUGEES HERE
FROM TIENTSIN
Ing the position against the attacking
party. They had loopholed the building
by removing the bricks and it was neces
sary that they should be kept posted on
the movements of the enemy so as to be
prepared for the charges.
"We had signaled to them from the
tower," said .Mclntosh yesterday, "and
arranged to let them know exactly where
the Chinese were.
"I think we spent about fifteen days
In that tower and did some execution. I
was engineer in charge and three times
we tried to run engines out of the D«
leaguered town, but each time we were
driven back. Everywhere we saw the
bodies of headless Chinese. The Boxers
had got in their deadly work. They dr>
not know what fear is and now that they
are beginning to usq the Mauser rifles
they prove to be foes of no mean cali
ber."
RUSSIANS ARE
VERY BRUTAL
/%T is a complicated situation In China
at the present time," said J. Fred
Hayner, Methodist missionary to the
land of the Yellow Dragon, at the Occi
dental yesterday evening. "I came out on
the last train from Tientsin and we all
had a narrow escape. This trouble has
been brewing for a long time, and there
have been warnings of the outbreak, but
they were not heeded. The result la
slaughter and the probability of the mur
der of all the foreigners in the country.
"When the trouble developed at Tien
tsin I locked up my family in the cellar
of my house and went forth to assist In
keeping the Chinese at bay. We were
bombarded two weeks and my house was
struck nine times by shells. However,
we all escaped without injury, for which
we thank the Lord.
"There are so many features of the sit
uation down there that it is difficult to
make any concise and comprehensive
statement regarding it. Americans are
the most popular people In China, both
among the foreigners and the natives.
Admiral KempfT la highly praised for re
fusing to sign the joint demand of the
powers for the surrender of the Taku
forts. It is a fact that there were no
shots fired at Admiral Seymour until the
Taku forts were fired upon. The Rus
sians were responsible for the clash, and
they excused themselves by declaring
that there was an enormous Chinese
army advancing and that there was no
alternative but to fight. As a matter of
fact, there was no such information re
ceived, and the brutality of the minions
of the Czar was astonishing in these days
of supposed civilization.
"When the commander and his staff in
the forts of Taku found it necessary to
surrender, they walked out and offered
their swords. Instead of being treated as
civilized beings they were shot down by
the Russians like a lot of dogs, and no
official prisoners were taken. When the
town was captured, the Russians were
among the chief looters, and in their oper
ations In the outskirts they perpetrated
some excessive barbarities. To my knowl
edge, in one village, the women and chil
dren were driven into the river and then
when there was no escape they were shot
to death and their bodies allowed to float
away.
"There Is no denying the fact that tho
Americans are the most prominent in tho
complications. They were in the advance
and on the firing line all the time, and
they were the greatest sufferers in the
matter of casualties.
"Admiral Seymour gives to Captain Me-
THE LOGAN BRINGS
TIENTSIN REFUGEES
Terrifying Incidents of the Bombardment of Tientsin by Chinese Hordes Described With Startling
Vividness by Men, Women and Children Who Were Rescued From Threatened Massacre
by the Timely Arrival of Reinforcements.
AMERICAN REFUGEES ARRIVE ON TRANSPORT LOGAN
AND TELL TALES OF THEIR ESCAPE FROM BOXERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, auwuST 7, 1900.
3
V. But if it is to do you any good it must be the right sort of a ' j, >/^| *?.^^^j^_^^^^y^^^^fc$^v Sjj
« tonic. A drug concoction won't help you to curr. your debility, : /4^S^t^^^^y > %
!O. rheumatism or aching back. If your kidneys, your liver or your <?*? &
H nervous system are affected the best remedy for you is Nature's J^^^^^^^^^^^^^^W^M^' »
'<>, own. remedy, ELECTRICITY. It must be properly applied, '^^^'^'ky^m^^fi J&mr" S
2 though," and that means it must be applied by means of my izfajZsJs iixti&j™**'* &M£?x%f 'O
1 DR- "Sj4NDEN' ELECTRBC BELT ' Kidne y Trouble Cured - ' I
#_-*_%• LLLV'IlllV ft_5__B_l 13M Rockland St.. Los Angele,. Cal.. 8
«> - r ",-'.£l"-_ _____________ July S. 1300. M
8 (PATENTED.) DR. T. A. SAXDEN-The Belt I pur- O
M chased from you six weeks agr> has worked £?
* SEND FOR MY FRFF II T U^TRATED BOOK which wonders In my case. If I could not get an- O
3 jcisu x-v_»iv mi r«.r.c lLLuaiR.vicu x>wv_»rv, wnicn other, money would not buy It from me. 1 8
§ tells all about it, or call and see me and test the belt. consider your, Beit to do more than you Qf
claim for It. as it cured me of kldn»y g
Q rkr<r<i/-n iinnnn i* •« n. ' / - « «n * trouble cf long gtandlng. I will cheerfully 5?
| OFFICE HOURS: Daily, 9 to 6. Sunday, 10 to 1. J_^r^2^^? l^-^_ rt s_s. rat i
, Q J * . J ' yours truly. J. H. . DUCK. O
5 NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. g
I DR. T. A. SAN DEN, 6 otarrell street, |
6 * . SAN FRAHCtSCO, CAL. v£WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— Postofflces es
tablished: Tamarack. Alpine County,
California, Edward J. Trimmer, Postmas
ter. Postmasters appointed: Washing
ton — Mount Pleasant, Skamanla County,
Robert Turk, vice J. E. Moore, reslpned;
Sultan. Snohomlsh County, E. A. Reid,
vice A. W. Bower, resipned.
Pensions prant^d: California — Original —
John Walton. Soldiers' Home, Ix>s Anpe-
Ie5, $fi. Additional— Anthony Anderson,
Camanche, SS; Timothy C. Beal, Pasa
dena. $8. Increase — Anson Stevens, Per
riB. JR; Georpe Ellis, San Jose $S. Mexi
can war— Mary F. Asbury. Mokelumne
Hill. SS; Encarnaclon li. Wheeler, San
Jose. $8.v-rV3 ¦¦¦'?>' ;<:.
Washington— Original— Corney Devlne.
Walla Walla $6. Special. July 24—Wil
liam D. Burnlp. Touchet, !6. Increase —
Charles Ducane, Williams, Seattle, $12.
RUSH FOR OIL LANDS.
Eurekans Eager to File on Claims in
Mattole Valley.
Sp<vial DlsDatcb to The Call.
EUREKA, Cal.. Aug. 6.— The report of
an oil strike Saturday In Mattole fields
: Is somewhat premature, though Indica
: tions are that the flow in the Mclntosh
' well is not far off. R. R. Butler, the
Fresno oil man, who came from the well
late Saturday night, says that at a depth
of 1200 feel the drill struck a third stratum
of oll,and as the flow la usually found just
below the third stratum the outlook for
a flow is good. Excitement here con
tinues and therp Is a great scramble in
the local land office to get filings on some
of the many thousands of acreg of other
wise valueless land in Mattole Valley,
especially in McICutt Gulch. Great faith
Is now expressed in the prospects there.
GEORGE FULIjER.
son. But instead of doing this Governor
Gage took the noon train for the East.
Governor Gage's attitude with respect to
the Sacramento Judgeship is inexplicable
In Republican circles here and much dis
appointment ia expressed. Sacramento
had a prior claim to San Diego County for
consideration at the hands of the execu
tive. Letters have been on file in the of
fice of the executive for weeks from tne
two Judges now on the bench, urging the
appointment of the third Judge to fill the
vacancy caused by Judge Johnson's
death, on the ground that the business of
the courts had accumulated to such an
extent as to require the services of Sacra
mento's full quota of I Superior Judges.
Governor Gage, however, has paid no at
tention to these and other urgent re
quests. Local Republicans claim that
Governor Gage Is rarely at his office In
the Capitol at all and that the oppor
tunity seldom. If ever. Is offered citizens
to confer, with him freely on the needs of
the taxpayers in this part of the county.
It is pointed out that the place for the
Governor to transact office business is the
State Capitol and that he should be at all
times accessible, the same as any other
public officer.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. C—The^announce
ment of the appointment of Judge George
Fuller to the position made vacant by the
death of Judge J. W. Hughes did not
come as a surprise to the people of San
Diego for the reason that the appoint
ment was expected and Mr. Fuller's name
had been mentioned first in the list of
possibilities ever since the vacancy had
been created by death. Judge Fuller has
alreadj received two or three minor ap
pointments from the Governor, being a
member of the Normal School -Board and
the attorney for the Harbor Commission
ers. He has been a practitioner here for
about fourteen years, most' of the time
alone, but recently as the senior partner
of the firm of Fuller & Riall.
STOCKTON, Aug. 6.— Mrs. Ann ¦Williams of
this city claims that a man found dead near
San Jose April 23, 1SS0, was her husband. Al
bert E.: Williams, and that he was murdered.
The remains were partly identified at tho time
by a stepson of the dead man, but his wife,
who was ill at the time, 1 was not allowed to gee
tho remains, v She subsequently Identified ; a
¦hlrt and a pair of socks worn by tho dead man
as some she. had made for/her husband lie
*erved In the civil war and rhe -is- trying:- to
prove Identity to apply for a widow's t»n«im
Santa Cruz Pioneers to Celebrate.
FANTA CRUZ, Aug. 6.-The pioneers
from over the entire county are to meet
et Capitola on Atisrust 16 for a grand re
union. An p'ahnrate programme Is heing
prepared for thfir entertainment bv F. A
flihn.
Special Disnatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 6.— It was thought
here that the appointment of George
Fuller as Superior Judge of San Diego
County to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Judge J. W. Hughes, announced
to-day. Indicated the intention of Gover
nor Gage to appoint some one to fill the
vacancy on the Superior bench of Sacra
mento County, occasioned over a month
ago by the death of Judge Matt F, John-
They Declare That He Ignores Re
quests of the County Republi
cans While Favoring San
Diegans.
GAGE DISPLEASES
THE SACRAMBNTANS
Speclnl Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO. Cal.. Aug. 6.— Murderer King
still remains at liberty, but closely hem
med in by a posse of twenty-five men. It
would appear that his hours of freedom
are numbered. Sheriff Taylor sent in two
deputies to-day from the scene of action
with instructions to his numerous sen
tinels stationed along the timber lines
that would likely afford King an avenue
of escape.
In an interview with Deputy Sheriff
Redwine, fresh from the scene of the
manhunt, The Call's correspondent glean
ed the latest movements of the armed
forces under the leadership of Sheriff
Taylor.
Redwine stated that yesterday after
noon two of tha scouting party found in
a lonely spot in the wildest recesses of
the dense forest a glowing camp fire with
a frying pan on the coals. The evidence
of disorder about the camp showed that
hurried preparations had been made for
a hasty retreat. The location of the camp
was such that the fugitives, on leaving,
were sure to come between the two pur
suing posses. Immediately the two scouts
withdrew to the main trail and reported
their find to Sheriff Taylor, who In turn
ordered his armed forces to push forward
and Just at dusk they sighted an old
abandoned log cabin, with smoke Issuing
from the chimney. Taylor. Peterson.
Watson and O'Neal surrounded the cabin
and the remaining four men took po
sitions about a hundred yards from the
cabin, so as to command the place. Whit
ney was above the cabin, Redwine near
the ravine. Mason commanded the ravine
in one direction and Morgan in the other.
Redwine and Mason had rifles and the
others had guns loaded with buckshot.
After they had. waited a few minutes
some one appeared at the door of the
cabin with an ax. evidently intending to
chop wood. When about seven feet from
the cabin Peterson called upon the man
to throw up his arms. The latter sprang
into the brush like a flash. Peterson fired
twice into the thicket after the fleeing
man, while the rest of the posse closed
in upon the cabin, finding a rifle and an
assortment of scanty food. It being
dark, no one could accurately describe the
man, so they do not know whether it was
tho halfbeed guide or King whom they
fired at. It is believed the other man
must have been outside staking horses
out. All traces of the fugitives were lost
by the pursuing party on account of dark
. No news has been received from the
other posse. The direction taken by the
fugitives leads into the other pursuing
party's lines. It was so late and the pur
suers, who had been at work fully twen
ty-four hours without an hour's sleep or
respite, were so worn out that orders
were given to make camp.
Saturday the fugitives secured provis
ions from a rancher named Bushnell on
Mad River. Bushnell was ignorant of
their identity, but his description of the
white man answers that of King.
Information from Laytonvllle reports
that Deputy Sheriff Grubbs' posse is re
turning home, having given up the chase,
believing that Sheriff Taylor had his man
well Burrounded. News is momentarily
expected from Taylor's posse.
NEW ATHLETIC STAR
FOR STANFORD UNIVERSITY
Slaker, Chicago's Famous Fullback,
Will Cast His Fortunes With
the Men oi' the Cardinal.
Special Dispatch to The Call. . -
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 0.—
The prospects for Utanford athletics for
the coming year are growing brighter and
brighter aa the time draws near for the
opening of the university. It is at last
known for a certainty that Frank L.
Slaker, the famous fullback on the Uni
versity of Chicago eleven for two seasons,
will come West and enter Stanford next
September. It was his desire to do so
last year, but he was held back by the
persuasions of his friends, and he did
brilliant work in the field for Chicago last
fall. He is drawn to Stanford by the many
attractions of the place and especially'by
the superior advantages offered by the
engineering department. Slaker first
played football with the "West Aurora, 111.,
High School team in 1S93. In 1S9S he
entered the University of 'Chicago. He
has received many flattering attentions In
the columns of the Eastern papers. He
plays with great dash. In the great 17
to 0 Chicago-Madison game for the West
ern championship, December 9, 1S99,
Slaker made seven-eighths of the gains
for Chicago. Slaker was generally the
Star of the Chicago 'Varsity in all its
games. Slaker's skill and experience will
do much in helping Stanford recuperate
its former fortunes. His presence on the
football field will lend Inspiration and con
fidence to all. Slaker is 23 years old, he
is 6 feet 8% inches In height and weighs
180 pounds.
Fugitive Murderer Is Trailed to a
Mountain Cabin and When Called
on to Surrender Leaps
Into the Brush.
KING NARROWLY
ESCAPES CAPTURE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 6.— The State
Eoard of Equalization to-night fixed the
aFsessment on th$ various railroad prop
erties in the State of California. The more
or less pointed comment which was pre
sented on the occasion of the hearing of
the statements of the various roads was
not hpard to-niprht.
As a result of the work completed to
night this year's assessment of the rail
roads of the State has been Increased
from $46,394,275. the figures of last year,
to $47,711,755 this year.
An increased mileage is noted this year
over last as follows:
Miles.
Sierra Valley 11.90
Pa«" Matto Klertrlc 6.54
Southern Pacinc 1S7
Southern California '."8
San Francisco and San Joaquln Valley
Railroad 2*7
Thp Southern Pacinc is assessed at $10,-
E00 per mile this year as against $10,279 36
last year. The total assessment of the
Southern Pacinc this year is fixed at $22.
2£.;.295 as against $21,465,870 last year, the
afpp.'sment including the roads consoli
dated with the Southern Pacific, namely,
the California Pacinc, Northern Califor
nia and Northern Railroad Company.
Th«» work of assessment, as completed
by th* 1 Board of Equalization to-nteht. Is
herewith summarized, the figures in the
f5rst column representing this year's as
sessment for each road, and the figures
in the second column, for the purpose of
comparison, last year's assessment:
SOUTHERN PACIFIC'S SHARE.
It Bears the Larger Portion of the
Raise, the Board Fixing the
Valuation at $814,435
Over Last Year.
Equalizers Fix the Taxable
Values of the State's
Railway Lines.
OVER $1,000,000
INCREASE IN THE
ASSESSMENTS
-FRESNO, Aug. 6.— Reports are that the raisin
crop will be between S0O0 and 3400 carloads.
WILLIAMS. Ariz.. Aug. 6.-Fire this after
noon destroyed several dwelling houses In this
town.
MONTEREY, Aug. «.— William P. DoylA
principal of the Castrovllle puhlic schools has
been elected president of the Monterey County
Board of Education.
STOCKTON. Augr. 6.— Frank D. Nleol has
been Indorsed by the Democrats of San Joa
quin County for the Congressional nomination
for the Second District.
PAN JOSE. Auk. 6.— Al Col was to-day ap
pointed County Auditor by the Board of Su
pervisors. This Is to fill a vacancy caused bv
the resignation of C. A. Barker.
FRESNO. Aug. 6.-On Recount of the threat
ened shortness in the water supply In the Sier
ras, the San Joaquin Electric Company shut
oft" to-day all electric power by day. ,_.
COVELO, Aug. 6.— Jerome Murray of Cas
par, aged 23 years, was Instantly killed yss-
Wday by being thrown from a horse Hla
ykull was fractured. Murray had recently
married. *
AUBURN. Aug. 6.— Dr. A. P. Rendy who
shot and killed himself at Glenwood Bprlnes
Colo.. Sunday, after a severe hemorrhage was
one of the best known citizens of Placer
County. He resided In Forest Hill many years.
VALLEJO Aug. 6— Mr. and Mrs. Brltizou
were painfully Injured in a runaway accident
on the Benlcla road yesterday, near the win
lger place. The husband's nose. was broken
and his wife had a rib broken and was eeverely
biuised.
VALLEJO, Ang. 6.— J. n. Petrle was suc
cessful in the competitive examination for the
position of master electrician of the depart
ment of construction at Mare Island. Mr
Petrle is president of the Vallelo Board of
Education.
PAN -JOSE. Aug. 6.— Applications were re
ceived by both the City Council and the Super
visors to-day from the Blur Creek Power Com
pany of Santa Cruz asking for a franchise to
string roles and wires for the transmission of
electricity to this city. .
SUISUN, Aug. 6.-Ed Ball, who was shot
by H. Jeft Dobbins as the result of a ouarrel In
a card jtarne at Vacaville last Saturday morn
!n«'. died from injuries received Sunday morn
ing. Th« Coroner's Jury rendered a verdict to
day charging Dobbins with the crime of mur
der.
LOS ANGELES. Ausr. 8.-The Government
has made a thorough Investigation Into the
origin of the forest flres which in the past two
SS.r be «2Rr iIy dealt wlth - The flre ia «»
Four Men Are Said to Have Taken
Out Thirty-Two Ounces of Gold
Off Bedrock in One
Day.
special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. 6.-ThIrty-two
ounces of gold taken off bedrock at a
depth of seven feet in one day by four
men indicates the richness of the strike
reported to have been made in the Cop
per River district of Alaska. The dis
covery was made July 7. On the 29th the
steamer Bertha sailed from Valdes arriv
ing at this port yesterday. Jame« Fish
a Government mail contractor, was. one
rfnSfW'^v 8113 fr ° m hlm tfle Prtn
t£» « e i a - ls of V?° strike were Earned.
V 1 v fln^ Is on S!ate Creek, a tributary
of the Chistachlna. which flows into Cop -
£ er , i RiVer . U !s 2i0 milea from Port
\ ) aides and inaccessible for transporta
fn y< n a £ hGro , kee Indian, washed out $15
Cole r™v T° m £ is Slate Creek clai^.
?J, ?*« Crarey Jacobson and Bourke were
IS iras. * went t0 Copper River
»t^iiXSIS perha P s eight or ten of the
stampeders eamo out of the country de
clarinp that there was no gold in the vai
ley. but Bourke and his associates r£
Aained, continued their search and I foumi
the Chisna diggings in July. 1899 Those
SrT^ lo i S he Cl m ! a m n ed ' *"» * & «
h / n £ate that an output of $15.0<M is
expected to be taken from Anvil district,
i he creeks were said to be lined with
men and sluice boxes.
Smallpox was still prevalent, but not
carrying off as many as reported. Pneu
monia and typhoid were rampant and na
tlv^ s wpre dying all over the country.
The steamer Corwin has returned to
Nome from Siberia. She-reported having
pulled the steamer Progress and a Rus
sian steamer from the Icepack. The Cor
win took a number of prospectors to Si
beria, but the Ice was still In the creeks
and they returned. The Corwin was In
tending to leave for the Arctic.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
FIND RICH PLACERS
NEAR COPPER RIVER
w yANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 6.— An armed patrol tug with a searchlight and
1^ / other modern war fixtures has been ordered into service by the Provincial
W Government at the request of Canadian salmon canners and fishermen to
T guard against invasion and depredation by American fishermen.
Last week over J7000 worth of salmon nets were destroyed or stolen.
Members of the White Fishermen's Union were accused, and in order to clear
themselves the latter sent out a dozen natrol boats on Sunday night to catch tht*
perpetrators of the net cutting, If possible. They found that white men as well
as Japanese were the sufferers, which showed that nets were not being destroyed
simply out of a spirit of revenge ngainst the Japanese for deserting the white
fishermen in the recent strike.
Sunday night information was pained that at least, in several cases, Ameri
can fishermen from Puget Sound had come over from around Point Roberts,
which marks the boundary line and, had looted several nets from the Canadian
boats. In one instance two American boats came over early on Saturday and
their occupants secured two nets late on Saturday night. The Japanese boats
have nets usually about eighty fathoms long and four of these were cut by the
Americans. Then they put the halves together and made two nets as good as
new. • '^' ! V
Under the present arrangements It would take a thousand small patrol boats
to efficiently protect the fishing fleet. Thp fishermen pointed out in their re
quest to the Government that the province had been willing to send military pro
tection for the canners, and they considered the necessity urgent for the send
ing of a patrol steamer. This boat i.s now being fitted out from Victoria. Ac
cording to a promise made by the Government this afternoon it will have twenty
armed officers on board and its searchlight is especially intended for watching
the shores around Point Roberts to protect the fleet from the American poachers
that are alleged to come ih that way.
The run of salmon to-day was much better than it has been yet this season.
As high as sixty and seventy fish were being taken to a boat and to-night fish
in large numbers were reported to be coming up the gulf from the southward.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Descent of Washington Fishermen UDon Fraser River
and the Looting of Nets of Canadians Prompts
Action W Provincial Authorities,
Government of British Columbia Orders
Out a Patrol Boat With Searchlight and
Armed Men to War on Invaders,
AMERICANS RAIDING
BRITISH FISHERIES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 6.— The San Jose Tele
phone Company, which was recently or
ganized here, objects to the restrictions
provided in a franchise applied for some
time ago. The Council wants all the wires
in the business section put underground.
At the Council meeting this morning Man
ager Ammen denounced this provision as
unjust discrimination against the ne*.v
company, as the Sunset Company is al
lowed to string Its wires wherever It
pleases. He intimated that unless *.-!s
company was granted a franchise on the
fame conditions as rranted the Sunset
suit would be commenced to compel the
city to do so. A new demand for a fran
chise similar to the other was filed, which
closes ivith the following paragraph:
The undersigned ha? repeatedly addressed
your Honorable body and informed you that
It was not desirous of causing expense to the
city of Kan Jose, or to the citizens thereof, and
hereby warns you that it will tolerate no more
Jucgllnz or delay.
Ammen and his company declare that
the Sunset Company Is endeavoring to
block their request for a franchise.
FIGHTING THE MONOPOLY.
Santa Cruz Supervisors in Conflict
With Sunset Telephone Company.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 6.— The Sunset Tel
ephone Company has obtained a tempor
ary restraining order from the United
States Circuit Court to prevent the Super
visors from carrying out the order re
moving the poles and wires of the com
pany from the county road. The matter
will be heard in court August 10.
The Supervisors first sent a notice to
the telephone company regaruing its ap
plication for a franchise. No attention
was paid to this. Later the Supervisors
ordered that the poles and wires be re- :
moved from 'the county road in thirty
days from the date, and if the order was
not complied with the Supervisors would
enforce the order themselves. As the Su
pervisors meant business, the telephone
company had a restraining order issued.
The company erected the lines on the
county roads without a franchise. The
county pays $45 a month for telephone
service. Under the franchise proposed to
be given it was provided that the county
should receive telephone service gratis.
The Supervisors propose to carry the mat
ter to a finish.
Declares That the Sunset Company Is
Endeavoring to Prevent the
Construction of a Rival
Line.
Manager of New Telephone
Company Objects to
Discrimination.
WILL INVOKE AID OF COURTS.
MAKES PROTEST
TO SAN JOSE'S
CITY COUNCIL
Calla of the United Ftaicc r.avy th*> credit
cf saving the first relief column, by rea
son of his F«--r!<?r:ilshSj> and the fighting
qualities of Ciicle Sam's marines. Sey
mour wfll recommend MrCa'ia and the
American bluecoats to Queen Victoria for
recommendation to President SJcKlnley:
Tcs. they were trained troops that stopped
Seymour's advance, arid they were sol
dier's of the regular array, hacked by the
Dowager Empress. The present situation
Ss due to her attitude.
"Consul Foirler. at Fuchau, foresaw
this trouble long ag-o and warned the
Govrrnmcr.t of this country of its ap
proach, but his warnings were not heeded.
On the contrary, he was reproved and
placed in the ratepory of the mischief
maker. Whrn he saw" the crash was in
evitable, he did not wait for the Govern
ment, but sent a boat un the river to the
missions and by his promptness saved
many lives.
"The outlook is anythlnp but encourac
!r.jr for those who think this war will be
«-ondu<-ted on the lines of civilization.
The Chinese armies are under General
Tune, a former pirate an<l bloodthirsty
bandit of Mohammedan faith, whose war
cry is "Death to the Christian <logs.' and
all Tvhlte men are docs in his estimation.
These high ideas of the fi^htinjf <jualitl*s
of the Chinese are not warranted. The
dispatches this afternoon Pay there were
1200 casualties yesterday in the ranks of
the allies. I should put the fifrures at 125.
The powers can keep 15.<X>0 men at Tien
tsin rnd the tralance of 25/iOO run proceed
to Peking without much difficulty.
"When you ask me what is my opinion
of the probable duration e,i the pending
contest I ran or.ly say that I hope to re
turn to my missionary duties and travel
¦with safety in the Interior within one
year, but no sooner. Mind you. this is
not warfare: it Is barbarous butchery.
Why. -what would you think of the alleged
warfare in which one would sec hundred*
of headless bodies fiontinff down the rivers
without sepulchrr or hope of onf? It is a
dreadful situation and It will be worse.
I rm thankful to be here safely with my
nurnerftis family."
Mr. TTaynor lias spent ?!x years in the
land of the Mongol.
MUST DESTROY
PEKING CITY
f> T the special Invitation of the Prf«
4f^ bytcrian ir.inlstc-rs of this city and
vicinity the Rev. XV. C. Chalfant,
the Presbyterian missionary v.ho return
ed frcn tie Orifnt last month, addrossed
th<~rn In the room? of the Presbyterian
Mission yesterday moniirir. A Large aud-
Jen: e greeted the reverend gentleman
when he was introduced by the presijent
of the body. Dr. Chalfant is a ready talk
er, and his description of thft people and
the customs of the Chinese empire
j^rove-i highly interesting. He illustrated
his talk with maps, which he readily
crew on the blackboard and his auditors
»-ere able to follow him without any
tnwjfcle.
At the outset of hi? addresi he dwelt on
the development of the Boxer movement.
He paid its inception was due to the as-
Eressfre movement of the Germans. He
said hr- did not doubt that the missiona
ry s v.ere rrsponslble for the entire tr<>u
t>\f. because they were endeavoring
to impress «^hristian Sdeps and the ideas
nf wrptern civilization on the Chinese. He
d'd not doubt that this movement, which
resulted in ruch intense hostility to for
*"!rners. lod the Hmpress Down per to im
prison the younr Emperor: that it also
resulted in bringing toprothcr the con
servative and the liberal forces of the
Chinese empire and developed into the
oppression of the foreigners.
The Rev. Mr. r*halfant said that he
thought nothine less than a powerfully
npfrrrsive movement on the part of all the
powers, which would result Jn something
decisive, would bring ouiet and peace to
the troubled empire. It was his opinion
that this oould only be broupht about by
the destruction of the city of Pekinp or
the moving: of the cap'tal to some other
part of the empire. Such a course, he
said, would be sufficient to Impress the
<'hinf>se as a mass with the real fact that
the powers had won a victory.
At the close of the Rev. Mr. Chalfanfs
talk he answered questions
put to him by his auditors and a general
discussion of* the Boxers followed.
In the afternoon Dr. Chalfant. Dr.
Fmiih. The P.ev. R. IT. Bent. Dr. Atteber
ry. Ray C. Smith, a recent praduate of
the TheoKijrioal Sprr:inar%', and Miss
Trumbel of San Rafael, his fiancee, were
tendered a reception at the Prf sbyterian
Minion by the incitihers of the Occidental
Beard cf Foreign Missions. There was a
lartre attendance at the reception. The
Chinese plris who have been rescued by
the society furnished an excellent nro
pramme. Mrs. Cyru? Wright, president
of the board, was materially assisted by
Mrs. E. Y. Garrette.
WILD SCENES
OF DISORDER
fyf nS. E. B. DREW, wife of the eom
mlp miEsloner of customs at Tientsin.
was also among the refupees. She
'p accompanied by her children and Is
en her way home to Roston. Said Ehe:
"No one ran imagine our feeling: when
w wrre told that we. must leave our
homes. We could take nothing away anJ
all I have In the world Is contained in a
Fmall trunk. All thp public buildings were
Fiv^n uj) to thf forrign troops and the
private residences that wnm vacated were
looted rlpht and loft. The Itussian *?ol
(ikT? Ftole *vpr>-thlnp they could lay their
hands on and many of thorn went around
the town with the -toads of Chinese on
the ends cf thrir bayonets. Even a piano
was nnt beyond them and two were taken
out of private houses. One American
j^ldST v.a? oaueht Fteailng and was
court ma rtialed on the Instant and given
two years' imprisor.mr-nt. .;; ••:
CAVALRY'S CAMP
AT SANTA CRUZ
/
Troops B and C Take Up Routine
Drill Work and Salinas Men
Give a Clever Ex
hibition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 6—Troop B of Sac
ramento and Troop C of Salinas. State
cavalry, have now got down to work.
Camp Bangham. named after Adjutant
S^&%!&S£S£S! at the <s '"
The order for the day while the Sacra
mento troopers are in camp this week Is:
5 a. m.— First call; 5:13— Reveille- 5-2(V-a«
I^sU 011^, 111 5 - :3t^ abl * call 6 ; llMesVTall
«fi "m^^ 1 - 11 11:<5 -F.m^er S eTn d f 8 8a c d an!
I "— Mess: 4Mo p. m.— Dress parade- »—Aa
s«mbly; &— Mess; 7— Assembly roll call- 705—
?a P 7 at: 10 ~ CaU tO quartersj ; 10:3»-T«too!llI
The mounts of Troop B are all alllr**—
iron gray-and the troop presumed a fc
appearance at drill. Both troops were
ifX 1 ™?* by Adjutant Seamans°and As
t-SS. 1 'r. d ? utai £ Ban *ham this morning.
™I™? P C *lf quIte Proficient in drill. This
EnnS 111 / } h *& Were °V t in the "monkey
drill and did some clever bareback rid
scTe ?f 'tSSFgag ™ l eall ° P ' etC ' Were
FIERCELY BATTLES
WITH A MADMAN
Painter Todman, at the Stockton
Asylum, Nearly Falls Victim
to an Inmate's Rage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Aug. 6.— Harry Todman. a
painter at the State Hospital for the In
sane, had a desperate battle with a
maniac last Saturday, and but for the
game fight he put up would probably
have been overcome and murdered by the
vicious inmate. Parfait, the man who
ma a de ,*£ e a ,_ ssaul t. is a skilled painter
and although he once served a term in
the State prison for an assault he has
been so docile since he entered this in
stitution that he was always considered
harmless.
Saturday morning Todman secured per
mission to employ Parfait during the dav
and the two repaired to a big dining room
in the female department and went to
work on some ceiling decorations. Sud
denly the crazy man was seized with the
idea that his wife was among the inmates
of the female department. He was as
sured that such was not the case, but he
became ugly and- refused to budge. An
ticipating trouble Todman started to take
&£. man back t0 the male department
While Posing down the corridor the in
mate suddenly stepped behind and draw
ir \B a putty knife made a vicious lunge
at the painter, who. turning at the time
received the blow over the Wt. but the
bluntness of the knife and the fact that
1 ?**i u ££ square on the lapel of the coat
S3.VCQ him.
The men clinched and for five mlnutvj
h 1 *Vr?«V ght c ! desperately f ° r Possession of
the knife. Some women inmdtes quietly
watched the fight and gave no alarnj
Tollman's calls for help finally brought
two husky bakers to his assistance and
the maniac was secured. They were none
too soon as the painter's strength was
about exhausted when relief came
WANTED TO SLAY HIS WIFE.
Los Angeles Man Threatens Murder
but Police Dissuade Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 6.-J. H . Vlnnell
a private detective of this city, was ar
rested this afternoon, charged with
threats to kill. This morning Mrs Dr
Dunton telephoned to the policeYtattnn
saying her brother-in-law. Vlnnell had
gone to the house of Mrs Fisher w
mother at Vienna Park, with the ex
pressed determination of killing his wifV
her sister, with whom he had been nav ine
trouble. She asked that ofncenTbe sen?
there to prevent a tragedy. Officer.. t««
Baker and Shields were sent out to ?£»
place, and about 10:45 o'clock a telenhnn«
message was received at- the statlJS »T
ing that the patrol wagon be sent at O S,*
Ihe wagon started for the sceno nh i
five miles from the station? bSt hid
been gone about half an hour when th«
order was countermanded. It beln* «!M55
that everything had been amicably ad
justed. Vinnell and his wife have Wn
Boy Kills His Cousin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 6.-James Ward, the
SS r*^; 013 S ° n ° f WUllam Ward of
™£2 tn Ci £* Was accl <3entally shot and
Mexican 1 no at Tia Juana The boys
fSE f? laying L Y !th a shotgun and play!
£Vi. y U -«£'£ s beine directed by one at the
other. When it was finally discharged the
tv" a » -Pointed at the head of youn?
Ward and the charge blew away the up
per* part of the head. The body was
brought to National City, where an "
quest will be held to-morrow mornfng at
jo o clock.
Will Be Tried for Murder.
Special DlBDfttch to The Call.
Paso robles, Avg. 6.— The examlna-
YOUNG POISONER
REPENTS HIS CRIME
Frederick Himes Weeps, Not Because His
Father Is.- Doing but Because He
Must Stag in Durance.
Another of the Bogs Is Also in the Countu Prison
and Officers Are Hunting for Last of Trio
Who Conspired to Kill the Senior Himes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. August 6.— Fred Himes. the 13-year-old poisoner of his fath«r.
tearfully repents of his deed now that he realizes the enormity of his
offense. But it is not pity for the dying father that makes his penitent-
It is the fear that he will be kept In jail or a reformatory. The boy Is
morally perverted.
\W. M. Himes, the father, is still alive, but there is little change In his con
dition. D,r. Davidson says he may hold out for several days yet, but has no
hope for his'recovery. The arsenic has eaten up the tissues of the intestines
and paralyzed the muscles of the body. The patient is delirious most of the
time.
Frankie Himes, the 9-year-old son, who was in the plot and helped to buy th«
poison, is In Jail. Sheriff Collins let his uncle take him away, but It Is under
stood that the latter brought him back. Fred Martin, the other accomplice, has
not vet been arrested.
The Call's correspondent had an Interview with Frederick Himes at the Jail
to-day. He asked how his father was getting along and was told that the
latter's condition was critical.
"Hope he gets well." sobbed the boy. "Because If he doesn't they'll keep
me In Jail." r
"Didn't you know the poison wpuld kill your father?" was asked.
¦ "I never thought about that at all." replied the boy.
Fred said he had always been the black sheep of the "family. His father was
in Alaska when he was born and did not return until he was two years old.
Himes took a dislike to him from the start and always abused him, the boy says!
While Himes was delirious from th? effects of the poison in his little cottage
on G street, his only attendant was the boy who had poisoned him. When
one of the neighbors visited the house he found every window and door of the
room where the patient was confined closed, with the thermometer ranging from
106 to 110 degrees in the shade. The Interior of the room was almost suffocating
and the boy was told to keep the windows and doors open. As soon as the
visitor's back was turned, however, he closed the room up again.
tlon of J. W. Maze on the charge of kill
ing W. M. Dempsey was held here to
day and Maze was bound over for trial
in the Superior Court and held withqut
bonds. Maze kicked Dempsey in a saloon
last Wednesday, the injuries causing tha
death of the former on Thursday.
San Diego's Republican Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 6. -The Republican
County Central Committee met this after
noon and decided to call the county con
vention of the party ct Coronado on the
2Sth inst. and the primaries for the same
on th« ISth Inst. Delegates to the State
and Congressional conventions will be
elected at the same primary. It was de
cided to choose delegates from - the As
sembly district, nine from inside terri
tory and eight from outside. The fact
that a Superior Judge i.s to be chosen to
the vacancy caused bv the death of Judsre
Hughes lends added Interest to tha
county convention.
Fair at Red Bluff.
RED BLUFF. An.?. 6.— The fair and rac
ing events here this week will be a great
success. The town is filling up with
strangers. The first day. to-morrow, has
four exciting contests — the 2:40 trot ar>4
the 2:30 class pacing, with- purses of $1000
each. There will a'so be two runntrisr
races. Another attraction will be the ffno
pavilion exhibits.
. ' ,-l" • ,-v- .'¦¦*¦...-. ¦ - - ¦¦ ¦
THE SAN FBAXC1SCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1900.
Tires of the Marital Yoke.
Special Dispatch to . The Call
SAN JOSE, Aug. 6.-Mrs. Maud Riley
Beach has Instituted an action of divorce
against Charles S. Beach-. For some time
past they have lived apart and Saturday
the complaint was filed, in which Mrs.
Beach accuses her husband of habitual In
temperance. ¦ extreme cruelty and deser
tion. Mrs. Beach is the. daughter of T. J.
Riley of • the Riley I>rug Company,- and
since the separation has been living with
her parents. Charles S. Beach is the son
of Tyler Beach and is well known among
the young men of San Jose. The couple
wara manM In ISOfi. >'.*•" _,
Forest Fire in Yellowstone Park.
HELENA, Mont., Aug. 6.-Deputy
United States Marshal Sam Jackson just
in from Mammoth Hot Springs reports
at .1 destructive forest fire Is sweeping
the timbered area between the Upper
Geyser basin and the lake in the Yellow
stone Park. The fire started Friday and
was soon beyond control of the soldiers
and road crews, all of whom were hurried
to the scene. The buildings at the Upfier
Geyser basin are in danger. The line of
lire is ten miles long and spreading rap-
More Funds for Union Savings Bank.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 6.— The directors of
the defunct Union Savings Bank have ef
fected a compromise in the action brought
against the Nevada Bank of San , Fran
cisco to recover upwards of $55,000 in se
curities hypothecated prior to the fnil
ure. By stipulation filed here to-day the
claim of the NfivadaBank of $22,494. loan
ed, and 144 40, paid on overdraft. Is allow
ed and that bank returns $30,675 in cash
and pays over JS217 in cash, retaining: the
balance of the securities
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
Ejwial Dispatch to The Call.
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
4
nO ADS. 1900. 1839.
no ads
~"V,
____________________________ | _______
Southern Pacific $22.2*3.2051 J21.458.K70
Central Pacific 13.000.OX) 13.000,000
Pouth Pacific Coast 1.009.6S0 1.009.65.)
Southern California Motor.. 60,000 60.000
Carson anrt Colorado 120.000 120,000
Pouthrrn California 3.410.KSS 3.000,000
Fanta F«> Pacific l,3S4,Oon| 1. 3*4,000
San Joa<iutn Valley 2,142,210 2,124.920
North racing Ccast coo.ooo fiOO.000
Parifle Coast 2.10.000 2S0.000
ra5aro Vallpy 200.000 200.000
N«»va/!a Co. Xarrow Gauge. 112.500 112,600
Npvafla Cal an<l Orepon.... 1SO.COO| 125,000
Alameda an<1 Pan Joaquln.. 125,r,K0l 125.580
Sierra Uy. of California.... 230,000 1S0.O1O
Kand5burr l'O.noo 2CO.00O
iJualala Rio 40.000 40.r>0O
Fitrra Valley Railway B3.725 C3.725
Fan Matco Electric 200.000 150,000
Calif, and Northwestern...! 2,001,000 2,000,030
California and Nevada 60,000) 00,000
Pullman Palace Car Co. !
<S. P. Interest) 100.000 100,000
Santa. Fe interest 40.000 40,000
Total W7.711.T55|$46.3S4,275
nO ADS. 1900. 1839.
no ads
~"V,
____________________________ | _______
Southern Pacific $22.2*3.2051 J21.458.K70
Central Pacific 13.000.OX) 13.000,000
Pouth Pacific Coast 1.009.6S0 1.009.65.)
Southern California Motor.. 60,000 60.000
Carson anrt Colorado 120.000 120,000
Pouthrrn California 3.410.KSS 3.000,000
Fanta F«> Pacific l,3S4,Oon| 1. 3*4,000
San Joa<iutn Valley 2,142,210 2,124.920
North racing Ccast coo.ooo fiOO.000
Parifle Coast 2.10.000 2S0.000
ra5aro Vallpy 200.000 200.000
N«»va/!a Co. Xarrow Gauge. 112.500 112,600
Npvafla Cal an<l Orepon.... 1SO.COO| 125,000
Alameda an<1 Pan Joaquln.. 125,r,K0l 125.580
Sierra Uy. of California.... 230,000 1S0.O1O
Kand5burr l'O.noo 2CO.00O
iJualala Rio 40.000 40.r>0O
Fitrra Valley Railway B3.725 C3.725
Fan Matco Electric 200.000 150,000
Calif, and Northwestern...! 2,001,000 2,000,030
California and Nevada 60,000) 00,000
Pullman Palace Car Co. !
<S. P. Interest) 100.000 100,000
Santa. Fe interest 40.000 40,000
Total W7.711.T55|$46.3S4,275
ADVEETIBEMENTS.
Of^sTsacH Race
To a sick man. He's hobbled, hamper-
ed, handicapped bytils sickness. Every
little while he has to lay off for a dav.
.—^ He can't get
ff&k ahead. Every-
W-^d body passes hie?
ti 4) « 'the struggle
JggjfVvjy for success. If
f//\c\ sickness orijji-
yV/ ' \ \ nates j n a dis-
/' « j eased condition
/ / I I of the stomach
/ J li, « J (and most sick-
\ I \\\ K I nebS does) there's
\ • \ V i / a cure *° r * l - Dn
A ,\ i' 1 / Pierce's Golden
/ \ I « \ \l Medical Discov-
I \ \ \ eI 7 * s no * a cuic-
«k « \ V all, but a medi-
I I X \ cine specially de-
\ J .— signed to cure
\ *^ A seases °f the
I 1^^ / Mi stomach and or-
\^^i / 'I gans of digestion
I \ rf I and nutrition. It
yW • / cures many forms
sS&j*-^ V^. / of disease, because
sf^&fcv^^*» x ° a °y rms . of
tgrZ^/Sear^ v disease originate
X^vr^^ in a diseased con-
dition of the stom-
ach and digestive and nutritive system.
•I write to tell yoa of the great benefit I have
received from the use of Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery." write* Mr. G. B. Bird,
of Bvrnside, Putnam County, West Va. "It
cared me of a very bad case of indigestion
associated with torpid liver. Before I beran
the use of ' Golden Medical Discovery * I Had
no appetite; could not sleep or work, out very
little. The little that I ate did not agree with
me; bowels constipated, and life was a misery
to me. I wrote to Dr. Pierce, riving the symp-
toms, ind asked for advice. You advised me
to try the "Golden Medical Discovery,' so I be-
F»n the use of it. and after taking- four bottles
felt *o well that I went to work, but soon grot
worse, so I ag^in begzn the use of it, and used
it ebout eight weeks longer, when I was per-
manently cured. I took in all about twelve
bottles cf the " Discovery,' and some of Dr.
Pierce'B Pleasant Pellets in connection with
the •Discovery.'"
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets keep the
bowels in healthy action.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
HUSEUM OF UNflTOHY
Cft i: 51 3U2SS7 SS. In. fti* TX SLT-Ctf.
tjj Ths Lar^ot Anatomical Museum Ia the
Wortd. T*e»kaei5«» er any eontiactsd
JiC Kw diseaie p^iitiwfJy cm rod ry the o:aii:
fC 1 33 i>P cal " 5:co ti *- Co**i. Esc. 3a yairv
fl5?ijMA Da-JCBOAH-PRiVATEOiSEASiS
Uf (?t«-iT) 8 ConsulUtion fr~> and strirtly privarr.
I tK?'} Titusnent personally «r by letter. A
3 yVtp /*••«"• CW«ineiery case undertaken.
9/f 11 It. Wtitefor Book. PBiLOSOPtt V «f
¦ 11 HTsiaBaiAGE. MAILED «2£8. {A
M Ih valuable book for urn)
DHL JOBDAK A CO.. 10M Market St. . S. F.
MANHOOD RESTORED 2S»™=™-^
\ltalizer. the prescription cf \
rmf+SBm^ Ta ™? U9 French physician, will
W&K&BSgZ Quickly cure you of all ner-
fSSSgSJSSlK y, cus or diseases of trie senera-
£n£&P F lSg5 tive orsrans. such as Lost Man-
buy rf.-f. h0 °d. Insomnia. I'^ir.s in til »
MV ne» Back. Nervous Debility. Plra-
«8w t>ies - Exhausting Drains. Vart-
Wf\\ cocele and ConstlDatlon. It
'* ¦*• stops all losses by day or
r'.cbt. CoDldene cleanses th*
liver, the kidneys and tha urinary crpass of al]
Impurities. Cuptdens strengthen and restore*
small weak orcans.
Tlie reason sufferers an not cured by Doctor*
Is because 90 per ce«it are troubled -with Pros-
tatlt'.s. Cupldene the" only known remedy to
cure without an operation. 5000 testimonials.
A written ruarant«"» siven ar.d money re-
turned If C boxes do not effect a tfcraaTieni
cure. $1.00 a box. « boxes for lo.OO. by matt.
Send for free circular and testimonials.
Address Davol Medicine Co.. 40 EUH ft.. Pan
Frandsco, Cal.. Grant Drug Co.. JS&40TMrd*t.
X-RAY EXAMINATIONS.
f V rfwjL _ A . ;/ In order to rive every-
tS^^^h fcody 0 '•' suffering an
r ¦ «t» » gtr^jrijT opportunity to have th««!r
ffl||||§ *3jS a S£ l hS: " :
i fF5. 7 S!&&ggx'} 3 By the X-P.AT we locate
KS^p'sSrf 1 ? the troubIf * through ar.v
r°rtlon of the body *wv-
ff 1 rif 'Mitr*?^' ir * th * *ame and maklnr
*-*S'"~ J _ photcsraphs at the pa-
• ¦¦¦ ' ¦ imh " tient'a request.
Diseases of M E V
¦WOMEN and CHILDREN*. CAXHIR «^4
CONSUMPTION, rt'p^ses of th- BLOOD KTD-
XEY. SKIN. HEART. I.IVER and BOXE.<
RHEUMATISM. PARAETSJS, PILES etc '
p£e^£Ji£E?^ everyth "* *¦ *«*
iS^rS&S I^el^a^ra^c^ EO -
su'xrvv^: To i E ; en £ s3 ' -><° ''*-*¦
NOTICE
Holders of bond* of the
OF
Redemption f Bonds
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Are hereby notified that there Is now in th»
bands of the undersigned trustee, under tha
mortgage or deed of trust by which the pay-
ment of said bonds i* secured, the sum of on<»
hundred thousand dollars In gold, whfch under
the terms of said mortise Is applicable to thi»
redemption or purchase of said bonds, and tfm
the undersigned will receive sealed bids at its
office. Eituated at
2 MONTGOMERY STREET,
¦ — 01*
S/\IV % FRANCISCO,
For the surrender of said bonds, until
IN THE-
CITY MIND COUNTY
12 M. ON THURSDAY,
THE
9th DAY OF AUGUST, 1901),
at which time proposals will be cpened. No b'rt
¦will be considered exceeding 10 per cent abov«
the face value of bonds. Proposals to b»
Indorsed "Proposals for the Surrender of First
Mortgage Bonds Oceanic Steamship Company •*
UNION TRUST COMPANY
of San Francisco. Trustee
Dated August 2. 10CO.
Fully Paid and Non-Assessable,:
Holder Secured Against Loss.
300 ACRES I
IN COALINGA DISTRICT.
ALL OF SECTION iX
ONE-FOURTH OF SECTION It
TOWNSHIP 21 SOUTH."
RANGE 13 EAST. M. D. M.
PRODUCING WELLS ON ALL STDE3.
CALL OK SEND FOR PROSPECTUS.
Los Angeles Office— 402 Douslas Block.
Room I4, Fifth Floor, Mills Building,:
SAN FRANCISCO.
OPHIR OIL COMPANY,
3OCOOCO3 O O O O O O OCOOOOOC
. ,.- ¦---• ¦ •• i
STOCK/!
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE ,
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEET?.
STRICTURES and analasous complaints uf th*
Organs of Generation.
XT ice Ji a bet tie. For sal* bv drurftata,
PEERLESS OIL COMPANY
IS PREPARED TO SUPPLY
FUEL OIL
By the carload. In any quantity, at any rail*
road station.
Address Room 47. Eighth Floor. Mills Build-
Inc. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1
Or. '.Meyers & Co J
Specialists for Ailments of Men, f
731 Market St., San Francisco. \
EEZ2ZZZS2335SSESE2ESS;Experience With Train Rob
bers Wrecks the Nerves
of a Denver Man.
WITNESS OF
FAY MURDER IS
NOW INSANE
JAPAN WILL KEEP
COOLIES AT HOME
"WASHDTGTON, Aug. 6.—
A dispatch lias been received
at the Japanese Legation her©
from the Japanese Foreign Of
fice announcing that the Gov
ernment of Japan had prohib
ited for th© present th© emi
gration of all Japanese labor
ers to the United States and
Canada,
gtV. J. FAT OF AXAJIEIM. WHO
"WAS KILLED BY TRAIN
ROBBERS IN COLORADO.
Special Dispatch to Tfoe Call.
BLOOMINGTOX. 111., Aug. 6.— J. Olln
ger of Denver, Colo., Is in the County
Jail here In a demented condition, caused
by excitement and fright in the hold-up
by robbers on the Union Pacific near
Hugo. Colo., Saturday night, in which \V.
J. Fay of Anaheim, Cal., was killed. Olln
ger is a Denver undertaker and was for
merly a barber In- Bloomlngton. He had
not been here for llfteen years and was
coming on a visit.
He became violently Insane on the Chi
cago and Alton train coming from Kansas
City and was taken in charge at Mason
City. 111., by the Sheriff and brought here.
He was In the same seat with Fay when
the latter was killed by robbers.
Ollnger is rational at times, but when
his mind reverts to the robbery he loses
all control of himself and is apparently
overcome by fear. He says the robbers
shot at him several times, and there is a
bullet hole In his valise. His wife wired
from Denver asking his condition and
that he be given every attention.
HUGO. Colo.. Aug. 6.— The officers who
are searching for the robbers who held up
the Union Pacific and murdered "William
J. Fay. one of the passengers, Sunday
morning have been working with very
small clews. It is s,"M that two ranchmen
working- thirty mll<>w, south of Hugo, who
have been suspected of "rustling ' for a
long time, will be visited to-morrow on
suspicion of their being the robbers. A
black mackintosh was left in the car by
one of the bandits, and that Is said to be
the only tangible clew in the bands of the
officers.
lands second. Morey third. Time. 1:2"U.
Handicap, one mile — McMeekln won. Queen
of Sons second. First "Whip third. Time, 1:41.
Buffalo Circuit Races.
BUFFALO, Aug. 6.— About 2500 people
crossed Die river to-day to attend the
opening of the Buffalo grand circuit meet
ing held at the Fort Erie. Ont, track to
dav. Weather fine. Results:
2-19 trot rurpe $1200— York Boy won second,
fourth and fifth heats. Time. 2:12',4. 2.13%,
2:ir.«£. Dtllonlte won the third heat in 2:15Vi-
Senator K won the first heat In 2:13H- Palm
Leaf. Kellmont, Abdul Meer and 'Metrall also
started.
2 16 pace, purse S2000 — Wlnola won In straight
heats. Time, 2:llVi. 2:12%. 2:15>4. Joe Gham.
Ferrum. Kmolne, Electrlte. Alice J, Beauty
Spot and l/>Ilta also started. A
2:19 class, trotting, puree J3CM— Boaro»ia
won In three straight heats In 2:19?i. 2:13V t ,
2:14%. Elliot Letah S, Iris O. Katie Me-
Cracken and Larabie the Great also started.
CINCINNATI LOSES
TWO STRAIGHT GAMES
Philadelphia Plays Listlessly and
Falls an Easy Victim to the
Pittsburg Nine.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
CTubs— TV. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 53 30 .638 Chicago 43 42 .600
Philadelphia 45 3$ .M2;St. Louis 33 44 .463
PittsburR ...45 39 .536 Cincinnati ..3S 48 .442
Boston 42 42 .600INew York. ..31 49 .387
CINCINNATI. Auff. 6.— Boston, won both
games to-day by timely batting and rallies In
the flnal innlnp. Sensational fielding was
plentiful In both earnes. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Cincinnati 15 0
Boston 4 n 8
Batteries— Phillips and Peltz; Dlneea and
Clarke. Umpire — Swartwood.
Score, second Kame:
Clubs— . R. H. B.
Cincinnati 3 6 3
Boston 4 8 1
Batteries— Newton and Peltz; Lewis and Bul
llvan. Umpire— Swartwood.
PITTSBURG. Augr. 6.— The Philadelphia team
pfayed listless ball to-day and fell easy victims
to the Pittsburgs. Attendance, 260O. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Ptttflburif 7 10 1
Philadelphia S 18 4
Batteries — Cherbro and O'Connor: Donohue,
Douglass and Murphy. Umpire— O'Day. . •
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.— Brooklyn poundrd Cun
ningham hard In the flrst five Innings, evening
up the score, but made only two singles after
that. Attendance, 1400. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Chlcafjo 8 9 1
Brooklyn • • -• 7 . 12 2
Batteries — Cunningham and Chance; Kennedy
and Farrell. Umpire— Hurst.
ST. LOUIS, Aue. 6.— Powell was in superb
form to-day. Attendance, 2100. Score:
Clubs— R- W- E.
Bt. Louis 3 ? • 0
New York 0 4 0
Batteries— Powell and Criffer; Hawley and
Eowerman. Umpire— Emslle.
By Wheel From Ocean to Ocean.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug.- 6.— M. E.
Backenstcss reached Seattle to-day, hav
ing ridden his bicycle or walked where the
roads were bad all the way from New
York. He claims to have made the, trip
In elgbty-ono days. , ..
XE"W YORK. Aug. 6. — Scratches all but
ruined the racing at Brighton Beach to
day. Withdrawals were so numerous that
there was one three-horse Held, three
four-horse fields and two six-horse fields.
The Winged Foot handicap was the only
fixture decided and only three horses
faced the starter. Tower of Candles was
1 the legitimate favorite, but he opened up
at 3 to 5 and went to 11 to 10. while the
wise ones played Princess Pepper from
8 to 5 to 7 to 5. Bowen, the other starter,
got some play at 5 to 1. Princess Pepper
got the best of the start, led all the way
and won easily. Results:
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Golden
Sceptre won. Borough second, Lioness third.
Time. 1:47 4-5.
Five furlonps — Glrnellle won, O W W 6econd.
Alfa third. Time. 1:01.
One and a sixteenth miles— Kamara won,
I Prince McClurg second, Belle of Troy third.
i Time, 1:42 4-5.
Winced Foot handicap, five furlongs — Prin
: cess 1'epper won, 15owen second. Tower of Cin
! dies third. Time. 1:01.
I Selling. Fix lurlonps— Rlkkl Tikkl Tavi won,
Prestidigitator second, Pink Domino third.
I Time. 1:13 2-6.
! Selling, one and a quarter miles — Alstke won,
' Rare Perfume second, Klaxsplnner third. Time,
j 2.-06 4-5.
i CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— Harlem results:
I Six furlongs— Onamastus won, Hermoso sec
ond. Ely third. Time. 1:13.
I Six and a half /urlongs — Heigh Ho won, L T
Caton second. Rival I>are third. Time, 1:18%.
SU-eplecha&e— Globe 11 won, Passe Partout
second. Last Past third. Time. 3:37 2-5.
One mile — Orimar won. John A. Morris sec
ond Boney Boy third. Time, 1:40.
: Five furlonps— Kilverdaie won. Money Muss
Bt-^ond, Satin Ct«t thiM. Time, 1:01.
One mile and fifty yards— Papa Harry won,
Ulue Lick second, Owensboro third. Time,
1:44 2-3.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 6.— Results:
Mile and a quarter, selling— Chorus Boy won.
El Derim second. Orris third. Time, 2:03%.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Madrone
! won Free Lady second, W. J. Baker tblrd.
Time. 1:21%. -
Six furlongs— Grantor won, Odnor second.
Necklace third. Time, 1:14',4. '
Handicap, six furlongs— The Light won. Tom
Ccllins second, Diana Fonso third. Time,
One" and a sixteenth miles — Lady Callahan ,
won, Eugenia S eecond, Hottentot third. Time,
l:4&Vi.
Five and a half furlongs— Obia won, Tony
Lepptng eecond. Wall third. Time. l:09>4.
DETROIT. Aug. 6.— Results at Windsor;
Eix furlongs— Iola won, Trune second, Ride
cut third. Time. 1:13^.
Six and a half furlongs— George H Ketcham
won. R. Q. Ban second, Juanetta third. Time.
Seven furlongs— Chappaqua won. Beguile sec
ond. Master Mariner third. Time, 1:27.
One mile— AlcasV.ey won, Flora Daniels sec
ond Peter Duryea third. Time. 1:42.
Steeplechase— Covinpton Ky won. Poorlands
second N. C. Creed thfrd. Time. 2:54.
One mile and a sixteenth— Fantasy won. Lit
tle P.eggie second, Earl Fonso third, Time,
1:48.
DETROIT. Aug. 6.— All the betting
choices won at Highland Park to-<iay.
Results:
Blx furlongs— Jenr'* won, Spaldy T •econd,
Kir Florian third. Time, 1:14.
Four ¦ and a half furlong^ — Bdceworth won.
Toad Jlalney second, Ida Quicklime third.
Time. :56. M£P?
One mile— Baffled won, Hungarian second,
Lady of the West third. Time, 1:41.
Seven furlonge — John Terkes won, Chopin
oecond, Royal Sterling third. Time, 1:26^. ¦
Six and a half furlongs — Sprlngwella won,
Svreet Caporal second. Come Quick third.
Time, 1:20.
Six and a half furlongs— Left Bower won,
Mattlock second, Nimrod third. Time, 1:20%.
SARATOGA, N. Y., Aug. 6. — Iroquols
Belle won the Hendrie stakes this after
noon with ease. The track was slow, on
account of Sunday's rain.
The first of the $5000 all-aged races has
been set down for decision on Thursday.
It is called the Beverwick Brewing Com
pany's handicap and will be at a mile.
Following are the allotted weights:
Batten 118, Bannockburn 117, Sanders
117, Admiration 116. Fly by Xlght 113, Fire,
arm 110, Rockton 10S, Martimas 107, Char
entus 106, Gonfalon 105, Macleod of Dan*
102 Mayor Gllroy 102, Wait Not 100,
Autum 95. Results:
Five furlongs— Dublin won, JIcAcMIe second,
Scurry third. Time. l:03H-
Selling, mile— Peat won, Specific second, Ri
naldo third. Time. 1:42%.
Hendrie stokes. JIPOO added, one mil* and a
sixteenth — Iroquols Belle won, Killajhandra
¦econd. Motley third. Time, l:49H.
Selling, seven furlongs— Lieber Karl won, Do-
FEW STARTERS
IN THE RACES AT
BRIGHTON BEACH
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— Adlai E. Stevenson.
Democratic nominee for the Vice Presi
dency, arrived here to-night from hi*
home in Bloomlngton, 111., en route to
Indianapolis. He said:
I "After the Indianapolis meeting I will
make my first address in Chicago, August
JS the occasion being the meeting of tfts
United Irish Societies. On August 21 I
po to Sedalla, Mo., where I will speak at
the opening of the Missouri campaign. I
•will also epeak in Indianapolis, September
15, when the Democratic National Clubs
meet there. This Is all the speech-making
I will do until the latter part of Septem
ber, when the campaign will open In
earnest." _
Stevedores on Strike.
BALTIMORE. Aug. 6.— All the union
stevedores In Baltimore, numbering about
£VW. went on strike to-day because the
f teamship agents refused to agree to em
ploy no more non-unfen men. The trouble
lKgan several days ago. This morning
the leaders of the union presented to the
agents an agreement binding them to em
ploy union men exclusively, which the
scents declined to sig-n. The strike was
then ordered and promptly obeyed. A
large number of non-union men. are at
work to-night and as yet there have been
no attempts on the part of the strikers to
interfere with them.
Railroad Changes.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Aug. 6.— Raymond
Pupuy, the new general manager of the
6t. Joseph and Grand Island, started to
day to shake up the engineering: depart
ment and called for the resignation of G.
P. Smith, the chief engineer. This means
that a clean sweep will be made, as has
been the case in other departments of the
road. H. E. Fernstone, chief engineer of
1 the Maple Leaf at St. Paul, has been of
k.'- rr-d the position of chief engineer of the
\ Grand Island, .. „_
ADLAI E. STEVENSON'S
PLAN OF. CAMPAIGN
ton's nephew. Jesse IJurham, caused his
arrest, and he later confessed the murder
end was hurried to Louisville as a lynch
lnc peemed certain.
Durham killed Mrs. Drcnton with a
hickory club while they v.-ere returning-
Jrom a church wedding. He is 27 years
eld and recently left an insane asylum.
Hob Threatens to Lynch Him and He
Is Hurried Away From the
Scene of the Tragedy.
RRAKDEBrRG, Ky.. Aug. 6.— The hor
ribly mutilated body of Mrs. Annie Brun
ton. a widow 3rt years of ape, was found
on the Cedar Grove road this morning.
Bloodstains on the fliigors of Mrs. Brun-
YOUNG MAN BEATS
HIS AUNT TO DEATH
"Wear Coats Irrespective of
Atmospheric Conditions.
E^x^ial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. €.— Secretary
Long has officially frowned on the male
shirt waist idea which has taken some
tliir.g of a hold in Washington. In the
Navy Department, at least, he has nipped
in the bud the growing sentiment In favor
of giving men the same rights as -women
in the matter of hot weather clothing.
This morning a Navy Department clerk
cf the male sex, properly and neatly at
tired in all respects but for the absence
or his coat stepped Into one of the Navy
J>«"partment elr-vators and said: "Third
f.oor, please." But the car did not move,
and the conductor politely but firmly told
The young man that it was the Secretary's
orders that no one should be allowed to
ride In the elevators with his coat off.
The same rule applies to sitting at desks
in public offices of the department or In
julvate offices liable to invasion by vis
itors.
Clerks in Navy I>epartment Must
LONG OPPOSED TO THE
"MALE SHIRT WAIST"
Switch Fails to Work and Passenger
Train Crashes Into the Caboose
of a Freight.
PINE BLUFF. Ark.. Aug. 6.— A col
lision occurred or. the St. Louis South
western (Cotton Belt Railroad) at Aurich.
forty miles north of here, in which five
men were killed and two seriously in
jured. The dead:
C. A. GA1XEV, brakeman. Jonesboro.
Axk.
Bluff, Ark.
LUTHER, brakeman. Thayer. Mo.
Brakeman, name unknown. Thayer, Mo.
Unknown telepraph operator.
The Injured: James T. Frazer, frac
tured arm and badly bruised; C. A. El
lis, fireman, seriously injured.
Freight No. 15 took the siaing to allo-vr
southbound passenger train Xo. 3 to pass.
The switch failed to work and the pas
eenger train crashed into the caboose of
the freight train at full speed, killing
or wounding the occupants. The passen
ger engrine and ba^^agre car were turned
over ajjd are complete wrecks.
FIVE KILLED IN
AN ARKANSAS WRECK
Bpedal Cable to The Call tud N'«— Tine Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub-
Ufchlr.c Company.
LONDON. Aue. 6.— A dispatch to the
Daily Telegraph from Lourenzo Marques
to-day states that a Frenchman Just re
turned from the Boer front confirms tele
gTams which have been received, during
the last few days describing the pitiable
picture of the Boer position.
General Botha's commando, originally
750. now consists of only sixty-three-, and
other commandos have been reduced in
like proportion owing to desertions. The
remaining burghers have divided into two
parties, one for peace and the other for
war. The peace party is the stronger.
A resolution Is Imminent which may re
sult in the expulsion, of Kruger from the
Orange P'ree State. Whatever happens
the government will be transferred to
Lydenburg soon.
A special dispatch from. Pretoria, dated
August 5. says General Ix>rd Kitchener
has narrowed the circle around Dewet
and Stem by driving out the enemy from
one of the Hank positions which ho held.
Stormy Scene In Souse.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— One of the stormiest
scenes of the present session of the House
of Commons occurred this evening when
William Ashmead Burdett-Coutts. Con
servative member for Westminster, de
manded greater powers for the hospital
commission to investigate the manage
ment of the military hospital in South
Africa. He declared that the truth would
r.ot be learned under the present plan of
investigation, as the soldiers would be
afraid to testify. A- J. Balfour, Govern
ment leader, in the course of a bitter
reply, accused Mr. Burdett-Coutts of
••maligning the character of the British
army," and sneered at what he called the
"honorable member's evident nervousness
as to the result of the inquiry." He
poured a verbal lava tide of scorn and at
tack, some of his utterances being alrriost
inaudible amid the din arising from the
Liberal benches.
Stowe Is Safe.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— Assistant Sec
retary of State Candler to-day received a
private letter from Consul Stowe, in South
Africa, written July 11. just prior to Mr.
Stowe's trip Into the Boer country. The
latter speajts of a contemplated ten-day
vacation. Indicating that It will be purely
for pleasure and the restoration of hi3
health. This is the only word received
from Mr. Stowe on the subject and the
department has no Information concern-
Ing the report from South Africa that the
railroad train on which Mr. Stowe was
traveling was besieged and almost cap
tured by a large force of Boers. j
P»ace Party Now Hold* the Upper
Hand and Kruger May Be Ex
pelled From tho Orange
Tree State.
General Botha's Commando
Now Consists of Sixty-
Three Men.
BURGHERS ARE
PRACTICALLY IN
IHE LAST DITCH
It Js not proposed that the commission
•chall establish civil government except at
; points where the military situation ad
'uiits of such conditions. It will co-operate
;^»:th th^ military to assure the natives of
the purpose of the United States and to
trf-at them with consideration. Fear is
expressed, however, that the insurgents
will urge a few Chinese to continue their
'resistance and to pay no attention to the
.statements of the commission, basing
their predictions of success upon the ne*
cessity of the American Government de
voting its energies to the restoration of
peace and order in China.
Ab explained to-day by a high official of
the Government all that section of Gen
eral MacArthur's work which may be
considered as of a legislative character
will be transferred to It. For instance, it
will make such rules and regulations as
may be needful for the establishment of
civil government, and which may be
amendatory of the order issued on thl^
eubject by Major General Otis. If it sees
Jit it can amend the orders relating to
marriages and divorce, prescribing rates
of duty, and for the administration of pri
vate schools. It will have certain powers
In the matter of appointment of officers,
particularly in the schools. One of Its llrst
•acts will be to issue an order establishing
civil service law.
CAXii BUREAU, TTEI.LJXGTON HO
TEL, "WASHINGTON. Aug. C^MaJor
Ge&eraJ MacArthur will divide hla power
In th« Philippines oa September 1 with
th« Taft Commission. Notwithstanding
the reverses recently suffered by the
Americans and lessons that the Filipinos
ere not yet Bubdued, the administration
purposes to inaugurate a policy of com
bined military and civil government on
the date mentioned. General jiacArthur
¦will be the supreme head of the islands
end the commission will be co-ordinate
with him, one being the executive branch
of the Philippine government and the
other the legislative branch. The com
mission will sit in Manila. Its Jurisdiction
will extend over all the islands.
Bydtl rxspetcb to T5» ryy
Caft Commisslosi to Oo-operato With
Him .and Formulate Xeceasary
Boles for Establishment of
a Civil Government.
JMacArtlinr Will Be the Su
preme Head of the
Islands.
NEW SYSTEM
OF GOVERNMENT
IN PHILIPPINES
HAMBURG. Aug. 6.— A case of bubonic
plague has been discovered on a vessel
In the harbor. All possible precautions
have been taken to prevent the spread of
the disease.
. - - ¦ • . ¦
Bubonic Plague at Hamburg.
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— Frank B. Loudon of
Chicago was asked by Comptroller of the
Currency Dawes to-day whether he would
consider an offer of First Assistant Post
master General, the place recently va
cated by Perry S. Heath when he became
secretary of the Republican National
Committee. Mr. Loudon declined. because
his affairs would not admit his accepting.
Iioudon Declines.
CLARE..1ONT, N. Y., Aug. 6.— The ap
pointment of James O. Lyford of Concord
as euardlan of Charles E. Hoyt, tne
pliywrlght ¦ was made In the Sullivan
County Probate Court to-day. The ap
pointment was made at 'the request of
Mrs Hoyt. Mr. Lyford will assume man
agement of all of Mr. Hoyt's business af
fairs and will endeavor to preserve as
much as possible of Mr. Hoyt's personal
estate, the monetary value of which is a
matter of conjecture.
Guardian for Hoyt.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— The delegation
of Cuban school-teachers now receiving a
course of Instruction at Harvard Univer
sity will visit this city on August 18 for
the purpose of paying their personal re
spects to the President of the United
States and to inspect public institutions
and attractions of the national capital.
The school teachers, numbering 1400, will
arrive here In the morning and leave in
the evening for New York, where they
will board army transports in waiting to
take them back to China.
Teachers to Visit McKinley.
LONDON, Aug. 7. — A cyclone has pre
prevailed throughout tho "United Kingdom
since early last evening. Loss of life on
land and sea and the destruction of ship
ping and other property are reported.
and Sea Beported.
Loss of Life and Property on Land
CYCLONE HT BBTTAIN*.
LONDON. Aug. 6.— Major General John
Frederick Maurice, commanding the Wool
wich District, who superintended the ex
periment in connection with the volun
teer maneuvers which began Saturday of
holding Forty Roads In the north of Sus
sex with several thousand cyclists — the
idea being to check an Invading army un
til British troops of all arms could col
lect In large numbers nearer London
reports that the cyclist defenders have
successfully repelled the supposititious in
vaders.
The result Is regarded as establishing
tho superior mobility of cycle forces.
Who Witnessed Sixain Battles
of English Volunteers.
Report, of Major-General Maurice,
VALUE OF BICYCLE IN
MILITARY OPERATIONS
HAVRE, Aug. 6. — The strike among the
stokers and bunker men of the French
line steamer La Bretagne. which was
scheduled tt» sail Saturday for New York
and which has been delayed here by the
trouble, is assuming great proportions.
The sailors are now Joining In the move
ment. Some disturbances nave occurred,
but nothing serious in that direction has
happened.
'Strike Is Growing.
DULUTH, Minn.. Aug. 6.— One hundred
militiamen left here last night for Clo
cfuet, Minn., to effect the capture of the
circus crowd which has been terrorizing
the small towns In Northern Minnesota.
The militiamen arrjved there during the
night and when the circus train pulled In
quickly surrounded it and waited for day
light. The circus people knew nothing of
their presence until to-day. Twelve of the
circus men wanted for assault by the
Sheriffs of Casa and Hubbarrt counties
were arrested and taken to Cass Lake,
where they will be tried. They made no
resistance, although most of them were
armed. J
Doc Baker of Texas, who Is believed to
be the leader of the gang, waa not found
so far as known here. The militiamen re
turned to Duluth to-day.
Minnesota Militiamen Hound Up a
SSt desperate Gang.
CIRCUS FOLLOWERS ABBESTED.
Captain Waleott. who had charge of tho
Frankfort militia, said on the stand to
day that the company was on durv at tho
State Capitol the day the Legislature mot
and throughout the session, but denied
that soldiers were lined up for marching
orders when the assassination occurred.
Captain Golden and other representa
tives of the prosecution, conferred with
Green Golden, one of the alleged acces
sories. In Jail at Frankfort, yesterday, and
there is a possibility that the latter may
be Introduced a" a witness in rebuttal to
contradict the testimony of the defendant
himself.
Judge Cantrell Informed him that an In
vestigation would not bo necessary.
O'BenJamin then gave out an Interview,
in which he says that the Coombs confes
sion was made In the presence of himself.
Commonwealth Attorney Franklyn and
Victor H. Bradley of the ¦ prosecution,
and that Coombs made all of the state
ments attributed to him, except as to tho
amount Youtsey Is alleged to have offered
Hockersmlth to kill Goebel. He sa*y3
Coombs did not say $15X». O'BenJamin
also produced a letter from his client.
Coomt>3, in which the latter expressed the
utmost confidence in him. Coombs'
nephew Is here to-night and says he has
made a vain search to find Hockersmith.
He thinks Hockersmith is in either New
Orleans or San Francisco.
GEORGETOWN. Ky., Aug. «.— The fifth
week of the trial of ex-Secretary of Stata
Cal. b Powers for association In the crlmo
of the killing of Governor Goebel was be
gun to-day. The testimony threw no light
on the tragedy. This afternoon R. C.
O'BenJamin. the negro attorney who rep
resents "Tallow Dick" Coombs, the negro
defendant, asked to be allowed to mako
a motion at the regular meeting hour for
investigation as to conduct regarding con
fessions of Coombs, In which he was said
to be betraying secrets of prosecution.
Walcott Admits Militia Wero on
I>uty, but Denies They "Were in
Marching Order When
Goebel Was Shot.
Prosecution Says He Can
Disprove Statement of
Defendant.
GREEN GOLDEN
MAY TESTIFY IN
POWERS CASE
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. Aujr. 6.— David Flan
nery, who was chief operator In the Con
federate army between New Orleans and
Memphis during the Civil War, died to
day of old age.
David Flonnery.
DETROIT, Aug. 6.— Mrs. Carrie N.
Walker, superintendent commander of the
Ladies of the Maccabees, died at her res
idence In this city to-day. She had been
ill for six weeks.
Mrs. Carrie N. "Walker.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 6.— Conrad Busch,
an octogenerlan, died at his home, at Ap
tos. In this county, where he has resided
thirty-four years. He was a native of
Germany and S4 years old. A wife and
three children survive him.
Conrad Busch.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WESTERLY, L. I., Aug. 6.— William
Clark of Newark, N. J.. president of the
"William Clark Thread Company, died
suddenly at his home at Watch Hill this
morning of heart failure, which followed
a severe attack of Indigestion. He was
well known on both sides of the Atlantic.
"William Clark.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Aug. 6.— Dennla Cogh
lan, the wealthiest man in Tol«lo and
Northwestern Ohio, died at his home here
to-night, aged 80 years. He owned many
of tbo large business blocks in the city
and was a stockholder in many banks,
besides being the owner of a large brew
ery Interest. It is estimated that his for
tune amounted to $15,000,000.
Dennis Coghlan.
Advisory Committee— M. O. Blanchard. Louis
iana; John X. Osborne, Wyoming: John T. Mo-
Gaw. West Virginia: H. M. Teller, Colorado;
Fred T. Dubols. Idaho: C. Tlllotson. Kansas;
William V. Allen. Nebraska; J. B. Weaver,
Iowa; EuKene Smith. Illinois.
The Day's Dead
Girl Dies of Her Injuries. •
Fpor'nl Pi*p«teh to The Call.
PETALUMA, Aug. 6.— Loretta. the lit
tle 2-year-old daughter of H. H. Wyatt,
died this morning as the result of a scald-
Ing. She wns left alone Saturday morn
ing and in playing about the house ups>et
a vessel of boiling water and was terri
bly scalded about the neck and breast.
The little patient suffered awful agony.
Press Committee — J. K. Jones. Clark Howell,
GeorKla; C. A. Walsh; Josephus Daniels,
North Carolina; Norman E. Mack, J. G. John
son.
Ways and Means Committee — J. K. Jcnes,
John ft. McLean, J. C. Walsh, Urey Woodson,
Kentucky; Adalr Wilson. Colorado: B. E. Tlll
man, South Carolina: J. G. Johnson. T. E.
Ryan. Wisconsin; M. F. Tarpey, California.
Executive Committee— James G. Jones. Ar
kansas: J: O. Johnson. Kansas: C. A. Walsh.
Inwa: W. J. Stone, II. J. Clayton. Alabama:
Thomas Gahan, Illinois; J. J. Campau, Michi
gan: J. M. Head. Tennessee; J. M. Guffy,
George Fred Williams; T. D. O'Brien. Minne
sota; Thomas Taggart, Indiana; J. C. Dahl
man. Nebraska.
The list of committees follows, the
chairman, vice chairman and secretary
being first, second and third respectively:
John R. McLean of Ohio is put at the
head of the ways and means committee.
CHICAGO, Aug. 6. — Chairman Jones of
the Democratic National Committee gave
out the list of sub-committees of the
main body to-day. Former Governor
Stone of Missouri was named on the
executive committee and Norman E.
Mack of New York was left off. The only
representatives the Eastern States have
on this body are Committeeman Gufty of
Pennsylvania and George Fred Williams
of Massachusetts.
DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL
COMMITTEEMEN NAMED
ber, will elect Senator Morgan to succeed
himself and will be called upon to legislate
upon Important matters.
In this, the Ninth District, Congressman
Underwood was nominated without oppo
sition to succeed himself.
In the special election in the Eighth Dis
trict, Judge William Richardson of Madi
son County was elected to succeed Gen
eral Joseph Wheeler, who resigned hi?
seat in Congress.
GENEVA, Aug. 6. — When the news of
the assassination of King Humbert of
Italy was announced to Luchenni, the
Italian anarchist, who stabbed and killed
the Empress of Austria here September
10. 1S9S. he manifested great Joy. saying
there was no doubt that before long all
the sovereigns would undergo the same
fate, commencing with the new King of
Italy. Luchenni. who Is undergoing a
sentence of Imprisonment for life, refused
to answer any questions on the subject of
the assassination of the King of Italy.
MILAN, Aug. 6.— Bressi, the assassina
tor of King Humbert, has abandoned the
attitude of calm ¦which he had assumed
since the murder was committed and has
been giving way to fits of passion. This
has necessitated placing him in a strait
jacket for ten hours.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— The reply of Victoria
to the address of Parliament to the
throne, moved July 31. with reference to
the assassination of King Humbert of
Italy, thanks Parliament for the address
and says:
"I unite with you In the expression of
Indignation and deep concern at the tld
lnes of thf> assassination of my illustrious
ally, the King of Italy. I have not failed
to convey to his successor your senti
ments of abhorrence of such a crime and
your sympathy with the royal family.
Government and people of that country."
Grim Joviality.
The Senate approved propositions Iden
tical to those voted in the Chamber of
Deputies.
MONZA, Aug. 6.— The train carrying the
remains of the late King, which will be
accompanied by the Duke of Aosta and
the Count of Turin, will leave Monza
Wednesday afternoon at 4:15. It will stop
two minutes at Milan, five at Genoa and
ten at Pisa and will arrive at Rome
Thursday morning at twenty minutes
past 7.
Calm having- been restored Signor Sar
racco spoke in favor of the various prop
ositions, with the exception of the Social
ist vote.
Signor .Villa Invited the Deputies to
take part In the funoral, and then added
that the new King would take the oath
next Saturday in the Senate before both
Chambers. 'i"be house then arose amid
cries of "Long live the King!"
The uproar then became deafening and
it was impossible to hear the further
words of the Deputies.
Signor Pantani retorted: "We do not
speculate like you on a crime committed."
Signor Turatl, Socialist, In the name of
his party, protested against the assassin
ation, declaring everybody had a right to
live, and that Presidential assassinations
were useless. Thls"fetatement caused some
sensation, and when Signor Pantani, in
the name of the Republicans, made a
similar statement, adding that his group
associated Itself with the sorrow of the
country, the declaration was greeted with
cries of "Crocodile!"
Views of Socialists.
- ROME. Aug. 6.— The Chamber of Depu
ties to-day reopened with an immense
throng present. The tribunes were draped
with black. The president of the Cham
ber, Signor Villa, delivered a memorial ad
dress, eulogizing the late King Humbert.
He was frequently applauded. The ad
dress was received amid signs of deep
mourning, although Its more effective pas
sages were frequently Interrupted with
cries of "Long live the King!" Signor
Sarracco, the Premier, associated himself
with the words of Signor Villa, who then
proceeded to read dispatches addressed to
him by presidents of foreign Chambers,
after which he announced that several
Deputies had made a number of proposi
tions with the object of rendering espe
cial honor to the memory of the late King.
Among these he said were proposals that
the Chamber should remain draped in
black for six months; that the Bureau of
the Presidency should.present an address
to Victor Emmanuel and Queen Helene
and that the memory of the deceased
monarch should be commemorated in an
Imperishable monument.
"It is impossible to note without regret
that the United States has found itself
unablo to surrender certain men charged
by the Italian police with complicity In
Bressl's deed."
"In the first place, such a headquarters
for outrage as exists at Paterson, N. J.,
ought to be closely watched by the Euro
pean secret police, and full powers of ex
tradition should be granted everywhere.
LONDON, Aug. 7.— Discussing editorial
ly methods of stamping out anarchism,
the Dally Mail says this morning:
Monument to Be Erected in Honor of
Humbert and the Chamber of
Deputies Will Be Draped
in Black.
Opinions of Foreign Press
on Movements of Anarch
ists in America.
EXTRADITION
LAWS REGARDED
AS TOO LAX
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. Aug. 6.— A general
election for State and county officers and
forjnembers of the General Assembly was
held in Alabama to-day and a large ma
jority was returned for the Democratic
ticket, headed by William J. Sanford of
Lee County, who will be inaugurated Gov
ernor December 1.
The Republicans, Populists and Prohibi
tionists, besides the Democrats, had tick
ets In the Held, but returns so far indicate
a victory of the Democrats by an over
whelming majority.
The Democrats havp also gained several
members of the General Assembly. The
Populists and Republicans will together
possibly have twelve of the 133 members
of the Legislature, a loss of about 50 per
cent. -."¦:.
The Democrats have elected county offi
cers in several counties which have here
tofore been strongly Populistlc.
General apathy marked the election and
a light vote was cast. It is estimated by
the Democratic committees that the ma
jority will be more than 50,000. The elec
tion was regarded as a test on the mooted
question- of holding a -constitutional con
vention, which is favored by the Demo
crats, and the Increased majorities are
taken to Indicate that the people are fa
vorable to the holding ¦ of a convention
which will eliminate the negro from poli
tics.
The Legislature, which meets in Decem-
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 6.—Arrange
ments have been completed for the meet
ing to notify William Jennings Bryan and
Adlai E. Stevenson of their nomination for
President and Vice President by the Dem
ocratic party.
Military Park, where the meeting will
take place, has been elaborately deco
rated. The speakers' stand will accom
modate all the distinguished visitors, in
cluding members of the committees, and
in front arrangements have been made for
sixty press tables.
The exercises at the park will begin at
2:30, and will last two hours. Mr. Rich
ardson of Tennessee and Governor Thom
as of Colorado will make the addresses
of notification and replies will be made by
Bryan and Stevenson. An informal re
ception will follow, but this will be brief.
A committee' representing the business
Interests and Democratic organizations of
the State will leave here at 11:45 o'clock
to-morrow morning for Lafayette, where
it will meet the Bryan train.
At the Union station the reception for
mation will include upward of one hun
dred Democratic clubs from all parts of
the State and from Cincinnati, Chicago,
LouiBVlllo. St. Louis and other cities. The
line of march will be nearly two miles in
length through the principal business
streets and will end at the park.
At the night meeting In Tomllnson Hall
Mayor Carter Harrison of Chicago will
preside. Mayor Harrison will speak at
length, after which he will introduce ,"\V.
J. Bryan. Following Mr. Bryan Webster
Davis will address the audience.
Provisions have been made for an over
flow meeting to be held at the monument.
The railroads have arranged for special
trains from various parts of the State and
from present indications the crowd will
be very large.
SWEEPING DEMOCRATIC
• VICTORY IN ALABAMA
ALL IN READINESS FOR
FORMAL NOTIFICATION
LINCOLN, Nebr., Aug. 6.— In accord
ance with Bryan's expressed wish, there
was' an entire absence of demonstration
on the part of the Lincoln people when he
started on the trip to Indianapolis to-day.
The party occupied a sleeper on the Den
ver, Burlington limited, which left here
a few moments after 6 o'clock and will
reach Chicago between 8 and 9 o'clock to
morrow. It was composed of Mr. and
Mrs. Bryan and their son. Governor
Thomas of Colorado and Mrs. Thomas.
John I. Martin, sergeant at arms of the
National Committee; Mr. Bryan's private
stenographer and Governor Thomas' sec
retary.
A number of Mr. Bryan's friends were
at the station, but there was no crush and
no demand for a speech. The curious ones
were limited to passengers on Incoming
trains from the East, who when they
were told the Democratic Presidential
candidate was on the platform soon
crowded around him. General O. O. How
ard, who arrived from Chicago to speak
to-morrow before the Epworth League
assembly, got off the train Just In time
to shake hands with Bryan before he left.
PACIFIC JUNCTION, Iowa, Aug. 6.—
Bryan's brief run from Lincoln to Omaha
was devoid of Interest except at the little
town of Gretna. As the train approached
this point Bryan explained that ten years
ago, when beginning his first campaign
for Congress, it was there he made his
first speech as a candidate. As the train
drew into the station a flagpole erected
then in his honor was to be seen still
standing. Quite a large crowd had con
gregated and Bryan was loudly called for
at the rear platform. He did not attempt
to make a speech, but In the space of
two minutes shook hands with about a
hurtdred people.
Mrs. Bryan was loudly cheered when
she appeared on the platform.
OMAHA. Aug. G.-Between 1000 imfl 2000
people assembled at the Burlington sta
tion at 7:30 o'clock to-niuht to see "W. J.
Bryan and party pass through. A cheer
went up as the train rolled in and Mr.
Bryan stepped out on the rear platform.
Before the train was fairly at a stand
still scores 'of enthusiastic people -Were
climbing over each other to shake the
hand of Bryan, who smilingly leaned over
the platform rail and cordially greeted all
within reach. A switch engine Interfered
"with the proceedings, but some rpcklesalv
sought to gain a foothold on the steps
until cautioned of the danger.
Enthusiastically Greeted at Bach
'Stopping Place, Shakes Hands
With Hundreds, but De
clines to Speak.
Lincoln People Make No
Demonstration on His
Departure.
BRYAN WELL
ON HIS WAY TO
INDIANAPOLIS
THE SAN Jb It AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1900.
5
ADVESTISEMENTS.
PRESIDENT TYLER'S DAUGHTER,
A Venerable Lady of Noble Lineage
Speaks a Timely Word.
1 tiliUL !lili\;! Ui)li« Jiiiia' __ ._i^_ r''4^ ' Ji --'^ -'¦'•¦** ('
WHITE HOTJSE,~W r ACTI3IGTON, D. C.
"One of the most aristocratic faces aeen In Washington Is that of Mrs. Sem-
ple, daughter of President Tyler. She has passed her eightieth year and yet re-
tains an exceedingly youthful complexion. Personally, she Is charming, and Im-
presses one as stepping out of the European courts." so says The National
Magazine, under the heading "Social Sidelights at the Capital."
The following is a letter from this Interesting lady, written from the Louise
Home, "Washington. D. C, to The Peruna Medicine Company of Columbus. Ohio,
concerning their great catarrh tonic. Peruna. Mrs. Semple writes:
The Peruna Medicine Company. Columbus. Ohio:
Gentlemen — "Your Peruna is a most valuable remedy. Many of
my friends have used it with ihe most flattering results and I can
commend it to all who need a strengthening tome. It . is indeed a
remarkable medicine." Sincerely, Letitia Tyler Semple.
Peruna is a specific to counteract the depressing effect of hot weather. A
free book entitled "Summer Catarrh." sent by The Peruna Medicine Company.
Columbus. Ohio.
" — THE LATEST I The LEADER in ARTISTIC The
¦V - - Photography ScHlptograph
1 IlW Dvl llll £3* In relief
Photograph m highest achieve-
$3.00 Per Dozen ) ygl /g^Jr Photography
POPULAR IN BERLIN, _*4W 3' W/ff<dr $15.00
PARIS, AND LONDON B LM / Z$^ per dozen
VieWS ( (sjff mj^^^ ® The Very Latest
Of m W^^r* i^ THE VICTORIA
Pacific #x7 pfatinums CAMEO
CO&St • r |1 , ... JU5TBEIN0 INTRODUCED
r IridlUm^ TO THE PHOTOGRAPHIC
Scenery li iV ?• world bythis studio
BaS= Relief $10.00 per dozen
* *¦> «t -^. .— ~ ~ *-» • UNIQUE IN DESIQN
131 Post Street, San Francisco. 1 and finish
SPECIAL. SALE— PACIFIC COAST VIEWS—'OOO dozen, size RxS (unmounted) • 5Oc p«r doien
. —<;OO4» dozen. Blze HxlO (unmounted) ;'. $1.OO per dozen
Grand opportunity to present Eastern sfrlends wtth California Views and flU your »crap bocks w'th choice scenery. •
Local Aeent and Bureau of Information for Tcsemite Valley and Maripcwa Bis Trees./NEW YORK. Auaf.-«.-J. E. Parish of
Los Angeles Is at the Manhattan; Louia
Walton of Oakland is at the Netherland.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Edwin Belasco of the firm of Belasco &.
Harris will leave for the East to-day on
business and will be absent about a
month.
- . E T^- Ford v general passenger agent of
tne l ennsylvania lines west of Plttsburg.
who has been visiting the coast for pleas
ure, left to-day with his party in a special
car for the East.
B. A. ReiIey..W. C. Hawley. George 1?
Long and Rufus Booye are here on a
Pleasure trip and registered at the Palace
Ford Harvey, manager of the dining ser
vice of the Santa Fe system, Is a guest
of the Palace. .To* '¦;.
PERSONAL MENTION.
It seems as if the local Board -of Health will not
take a hint even from its own employes, two •¦', of
whom, recognizing their own unfitness, have resigned.
The boy who mistook an old man for a stray cat
and broke his jaw with a rifle ball ought to be given
ar. opportunity to study a little natural history in some
quiet resort. ' /
William Jennings Bryan's speech of acceptance of
the Presidential nominations is 8000 words in lcngth.-
There is little wonder that his admirers declare that
he is -endowed with a matchless tongue.
The local Democratic machine possesses at least
one virtue, if it has no other. That seven-minute
meeting, at which a decision was reached in reference
to State delegates demonstrated that the wheels of
the party machinery are exceptionally well oiled.
The Sacramento newspaper which has gone to the
courts to force the State Board of Health to make
public its reports on the plague ought to remember
that the subject is a very delicate one with the board
and not to" be discussed except in whispered privacy.
The Anaconda (Mont.) Standard of July 26 tells of
the wholesale poisoning of sheep on the Deer Lodge
range. The Standard says: "A month ago a large
band of sheep was brought into that region and
turned loose on the ranges. The strange sheep ate up
.nil the feed and cleared the ranges as slick, and clean
as a whistle. When the grass in one place had been
cleared off, the strangers and their sheep would press
forward, leaving a barren waste behind them. The
local sheep men, who had sheep of their own to feed,
viewed the situation with alarm. After the passage of
the strange band there was nothing left for the home
Thousands of sheep driven from the exhausted
ranges of Southern Utah across the Idaho line have
been met with guns, poison and legal proceedings.
Not only has this bloody and destructive conflict
raged between the cattle men and sheep men, but the
hand of the cattle man has been against the cattle
man and of the sheep man against the sheep man.
Since then' several thousand sheep have been shot
and poisoned in Colorado; several men have been
shot; water places and pumps have been destroye-l
and both sheep and cattle have been left to perish by
thirst; Wyoming sheep men have been driven ofF
the public range in Colorado with Winchesters;
mining prospectors have been intimidated on the pub
lic domain by armed parties of stockmen, and M«\
Carter of Wyoming, a rich and prominent stockman,
was caught over the Colorado line with his stock,
taken prisoner and hanged to a tree. A placard pinned
to his dead body read: "Look all you want to. but
don't ask questions."
That was last April. Prior to that and for a period
of ten years there had been hostile encounters be
tween sheep and cattle men in Colorado and other
Western States and Territories, in which herders and
cowboys were murdered and animals were slaughtered
in contest for the free use and the privilege of de
stroying the public range.
IN his speech to the stockmen at Denver, opposing
the leasing of the public range, Hon. Tom Patter
son said: "It is false that there is any conflict be-,
tween the sheep and cattle men over the use of the
range."
WAR ON THE RANGES.
BRYANITES WAGER PROPERTY.
If McKinley Wins They Lose, if Bryan Wins They
Sell.
INDIAXAPOI.IS, Ind.— Some Bryanites here are so certain
of victory that they have practically offered to give away
their property if McKinley is elected.
Charles W. Bridges & Co., reputable real estate dealers,
have offered to deposit deeds to a cottage and five lots in
this city, a farm of 240 acres and twenty lots in the gas region,
it $11,200, the value placed on the property, also shall be de
posited.
Should McKinley win the depositors of the money will
get the deeds and money. Should Bryan win they will get
the deeds and the Bryanites the money.
BETS TO ENLIVEN CHICAGO.
Roses, Umbrellas and English and Irish Flags Figure
in Wagers. _^_
CHICAGO. 111.— Freak betting on the Presidential election
has begun already.
Henry Owen has agreed with Robert Haldon that If Mc-
Kinley is elected he will wear through December, January
and February a long stemmed American Beauty rose, fresh
each day. pinned to his overcoat. Haldon is to wear the
roses if Bryan la elected.
James McFadden has agreed he -will not carry an umbrella
until June 1. 1901. If McKinley wins, and if Bryan succeeds
Gustave Krohnan will go unprotected.
Frank Kennedy has wapered with M. J. Stlllson that Mc-
Kinley will be elected, and the loser is to wear for two weeek3
his clothes turned wrong side out.
Albert Hawthorn of Montreal is pledged in case Bryan
wins to pnrade from the Auditorium about the principal
streets with a band in front and a drum corps In the rear to
play Irish airs, while he carries an Irish fiaff. Patrick Doyln
under similar conditions is to carry the fins of Great Britain
if Bryan loses, and he says, "It would break my heart."
MULE AND MOTHER-IN-LAW.
McKinley Man May Support Woman, Bryanite May Be
Kicked.
DETROIT, Mich.— Mule and mother-in-law are involved in
an election bet made in Coldwater. Arthur Williams agreees
if Bryan is elected President to support George Stebbins'
mother-in-law for life. Stebbins agrees if McKinley is elected
to twist the tail of "Williams' mule daily for three weeks, or
until permanently disabled.
BROKER MAY RUN ELEVATOR.
Boston Man, If Bryan Is Elected, "Will Don Uni
form.
BOSTON. Mass.— A State-street broker has made a wager
that If Bryan is elected he will run an elevator In the Ex
change building for one day, wearing the uniform of the
staff and taking pains to become proficient in the ¦work be
fore'he attempts to fulfill the conditions.
BETS IN BRYAN'S HOME.
LINCOLN, Xeb.— One of the standing offers of the Re
publicans In Lincoln who have money to wager is that Bryan
will not carry his own county, city, ward or precinct. It
seldom finds takers.
WOMAH'S LOVE THE FORFEIT.
If McKinley Wins Her Favored Suitor Must Leave
Her.
TOPEKA, Kan. — Should Bryan be elected President love
would triumph in Santa Fe, Haskell County. The future of
Miss Mary Johnson, daughter of a wealthy farmer, ia to be
decided by an election bet.
James Howard is the accepted suitor for her hand, but
he is a Democrat and her father is a Republican. When
Howard asked her father's consent to their marriage Mr.
Johnson said:
"I hate tho thought of having my daughter tied for life
to a Democrat, but come to me the day after election. If
Paris Exposition Jury of Award Has Reached a
Decision to Judge Them on Their
Merit.
FAIR TREATMENT FOR
WINES OF CALIFORNIA
' The Call does not hold Itself responsible for the opinions published | n t f,j g cn | umn t, ut pre _
sents them for whatever value they may have as communications of general Interest.
Editor Call, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir: Supplementing my letter of,
* July 18, permit me. to say that In answer to a letter addressed to the Commis
sioner General for the United States, calling attention to the desirability of hav
ing the California wines examined on their merit, ignoring their labels, I am In
possession this morning of a letter from Mr. J. H. Gore, "juror In chief." by which
I am Informed that the most recent decision of the jury on wines was to the effect
that all wines would be examined by the jury and the statement made concern
ing the labels would be referred to the administration for decision. Mr. Gore
adds that he will watch the matter as it develops, but hopes to receive a decision
that will consider only the quality of the wine, Independent of the label which
It may bear. If this course is pursued— and I now have no reason to doubt that
it will be— whatever award of merit the California wines will receive will be upon
the naked merit of the article itself, and in this way whatever Injury the former
decision may have inflicted will be in a very great measure neutralized. This de
cision of the jury of award will supply the evidence, of a disposition on the part
of the jury of award to treat our products fairly, were such evidence wanting,
and it may be accepted as a cause of congratulation that *the just merit of our
wine product is to be recognized. Yours very truly, WILLIAM H. MILLS
Paris, July 21, 1900.
ANTE-ELECTION fervor is showing itself even before
the beginning of the campaign in fanciful wagers.
Partisans of Bryan and McKinley are willing to risk
ridicule to shew their faith, and in one case at least
even love has been risked.
Bryan Is rlocted President I will piv* 1 my consent, provided
you will apree that in the event of MoKinley's election you
•will not attempt to pros»s your suit any further."
Howard hesitated and pleaded, but in vain.
"If you believe Bryan is going to win. as you have been
asserting," paid Johnson, "you should not hesitate to ac
cept my offer. If you do not believe you are not an honest
man." The compact wag then made.
FANCY RUNS RIOT IN
ELECTION WAGERS
That is the position of The Call. It is for the re
election of faithful and experienced Republicans io
Congress. It is opposed to the neglect of their duties
by Federal officials. Mr. Lynch has started upon a
career that bodes him no good, and if he studies the
record of his predecessor, .Welburn, with care he will
find in it a lesson which will incline him to attend to
his duties to the Government with more diligence
than he has been doing.
The Call has taken an interest in the re-election of
Mr, Metcalf because it knows how important it is that
California be represented at Washington by men who
have had experience in Congress and have established
there an influence sufficient to enable them to serve
the State with advantage. Where other things are
equal the experienced man is worth two inexperienced
men in any line of business, and it is particularly true
in Congress, where the struggle of the various States
each to have its special interests looked after renders
expert knowledge of the highest value. Over and
over again The Call has announced that principle. It
has repeatedly pointed out the prestige which com
paratively small States have gained in national affairs
by the practice of maintaining their Representatives
in Congress unchanged year after year. Mr. Metcalf'
is a stanch Republican. He represents the political
sentiments and policies of his constituents. He has
been tried and found faithful. His past service has
given him a knowledge that will enable him to be
even more serviceable in the future. So The Call ad
vises the Republicans of the Third District to re-elect
him.
Our Oakland contemporary must have been hunt
ing for "peculiar anomalies," and in bad need of find
ing one when it determined to take this as a specimen.
There is nothing inconsistent or anomalous in the
position of The Call. We object to Federal officials
using their offices and their time in doing politics for
anybody. Men who hold public office should attend
to the duties for which they are paid. The rights of
such men to exercise their political rights as citizens
is not to be denied, but what is known as "pernicious
partisanship" is not to be tolerated in any, official, and
in the case of Lynch the interferences in this county,
at any rate, have been of a pernicious kind. What he.
has done or is doing for Air. Metcalf we have not yet
been informed, but if he be acting in Alameda as he
is acting here and elsewhere, The Call condemns him
as severely in the one case as in the other.
Upon the basis built up by those statements the En
quirer places this commentary: "But what we starte:!
to call attention to is the peculiar anomaly presented
by The Call, which denounces Mr. Lynch so fiercely
for his political work in San Francisco, while it seems
to find no objection to what he is doing in Alameda
County. The Call alone among all the San Francisco
papers has thought it proper to break into the political
controversy in this county, and it does so as a cham
pion of Mr. Lynch's political friend. One is made
really curious to know what The Call's position is.
In San Francisco it is the opponent of Mr. Lynch,
but in Alameda County the two work together.
Does it really amount to this, that The Call is against
Mr. Lynch in San Francisco, but for him in Alameda
County?"
OUI?. esteemed contemporary, the Oakland En
quirer, has discovered what it deems an in
consistency in the course of The Call with
reference to the manner in which John C. Lynch
neglects his duties as Revenue Collector in order to
do politics, and abuses his official powers in the
process. The Enquirer asserts that Lynch is as active
in the politics of Alameda County as in this, that he
is supporting Metcalf for re-election to Congress, and
that The Call, while denouncing him for what he is
doing in San Francisco, approves of whet he is doing
in Alameda.
A CONSISTENT POSITION.
©fee CTaU.
, ... ¦ — — 1
TUESDAY .AUGUST 7. I9*>
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Add-css All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICB Tflephone Pre«i^204
riHLICATlO.\ OFFICE. .Mnrlce-t and Tlilrd. S. F.
Telrpboae PreM 2O1.
EDITORIAL noOMS....21f to 221 SteTenaoa St.
Telephone 1'reM 202.
Delivered ?»? Cfirrlern. 15 Cento Per Week.
Single Copies, S Cents.
Terms by .Hail. Including POfftaffCI
DAILY CAIX <!neJoatnc Sunday), one year.t... **•¦*
DAILT CALL. (Including t-'un-Jny). < months S.00
Pa;i,T CALL (Including Sunday), I moatb».. 1-M
DA:LT CALL— B? Slnrfe Month «e
Bl'XDAT CALL One I»w ! ........~ LM
WEEKLY CALL On« Year. !•••
All Dottniailrri are nnlhorlied to receiT*
¦ abaeriptlona.
fixz&ple ccplea will be forwsided wbwt requested. .
Mall subscriber* In orarrtns cbacire of address should b«
particular to c1»r both KEW AN"D OLD ACDRivSS in order
to lusure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Broadwar
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Ad w ertismg, Marquott© Building, Chicago.
<Lcsc Distance Telephone "Central 2(13." >
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT*
C C. CARLTON Herald Squars
KEW YORE REPRESENTATTVK:
STcPHEN B. SMITH 3D Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ff-errr.m llcui-e; P. O. fievru Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Frecicm Ucum, Auditorium Hotel.
KEW YORK NEW8 STANDS:
Wtianrf-Actorla Houl; A. BrenUno, U Unloa B^cxref
Hurray it'll Hotel. :
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE .....Wellington Hotel'
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRA3CP OFFICES— K7 Montgomery, corner ©fClay. open
until S:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until »:30 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open uctll 8:30 o'clock. «15 Larkln, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1*41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. M61 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 109« Valencia, open
until J o'clock. 10£ Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. XW cor
fcer Twenty-6«oond t-cd Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
The committee of the National Livestock Associa
tion, appointed to draft such a law, meets this montth
in Salt Lake. It proposes to make the law optional
in counties. We think that Deer Lodge County, in
Montana, will be gbd to exercise its optiqn right
away, and that the border counties of Wyoming, Colo
rado and Idaho will not long hesitate to choose be
tween law and lawlessness on the ranges.
The events of the summer have emphasized the ab
solute necessity of a leasing law.
Lewis and Clark reserve in Montana
While these bloody and destructive conflicts have
raged over free use of what range is left, the results
of destroying the forage have appeared elsewhere.
The Call has heretofore noted the increasing drynes5
of the climate from stripping the Arizona ranges.
The soil, being stripped of its vegetable cover, no
longer conserves the rainfall. The deep springs are no
longer affluent. The streams are temporarily torren
tial in a rainfall, and are then dry. Thousands of
head of stock in Arizona have perished for want of
water, and the mad bellowing of cattle and bleating of
sheep, dying of thirst, have answered the demagogue
arguments against leasing the ranges.' In the thin
forests and brush lands fires have followed and baked
the earth, from the Black mesa in Arizona to the
When their owners applied for a warrant to begin
criminal proceedings the District Attorney refused
to issue an omnibus warrant for the entire population
of the district, and there the matter stands. Following
precedent, it is expected that the next act will be war,
and that murder will follow.
At first legal proceedings were attempted. But it
was easily shown that the marauders had 4 as much
right to the free range, dedicated to use in common
on the public domain, as the resident taxpayers. Then
the strange herders were threatened with personal
violence, but they were armed and stood their
ground. Then poison was resorted to, and their sheep
began dying by the hundreds.
sheep, and as a consequence those who had sheep in
that section were compelled to. drive them to'other
ranges, at great inconvenience and expense."
Let it be remembered, too, that this is done by
men who are admitted by Senator Tillman to have
commonly resorted to murder and fraud to effect the
same end before they learned to reach it by disquali
fying clauses in their State constitutions.
means of protection is stricken down.
No such spectacle has before been presented in
American politics. The negro did not vote to suit
Bryan's supporters, and they have disfranchised him.
They have denied him the right to consent or dissent
as to the Government under which he lives. They
can just as easily nullify the emancipation amendment
to the constitution. When the ballot was given to the
negro it was supposed to be necessary for the preser
vation of his freedom. When it is taken away, one
Flashing an imperial standard of tyrannical su
premacy when the constitution guarantees equality, it
must not be permitted to avert attention from itself
by accusing others.
He need not view with alarm the exportation of im
perialism to be reimported and destroy us. It is al
ready here, if the voters in a negro population of
13.000.000 can be disfranchised and denied aught that
is embedded in the constitution. The wisdom of giv
ing the negro the ballot is not now in issue. It was
given to him by the highest law of the land, and he
has, from time to lime, enjoyed its use for thi-ty'
years. If the constitution can be nullified in respect
to his rights, it can be nullified in any other respect.
If such nullification be imperialism, that pest is al
ready upon us, introduced by Colonel Bryan's party
and by no other. Ordinary partisan questions are
taken lightly by our people. What platforms say
takes on seriousness only from the character and
record of the parties which make them. But consti
tutional issues are of a more serious nature. The
party which comes to the defense of the constitution
must not come through a hole torn by itself in the
fundamental law. Talking of the necessity of govern
ment by consent, it must not present itself as the de
nier of consent to millions of people. Demanding
equity of others, it must itself do equity before it can
get a hearing.
Can Colonel Bryan escape the logic of the situation?
If denial of the guarantees of the constitution is im
perialism, is not that system already seated in the
States that will give him their electoral votes?
But, whether good in law or not, the fact stands as
a fact in political tactics and ethics that the negro vote
of the South is wiped out, in spite of the Federal con
stitution. Yet the flag is in North Carolina and the
other States which have done this thing, but on the
face of the returns the constitution is not there.
Yet State after State in the South has taken it away
from the negro. North Carolina is the last to strike
it down. By a majority of probably fifty thousand
that State has just nullified the provision of the Fed
eral constitution. This is done by providing an edu
cational qualification so worded as to discriminate
against the illiterate negro in favor of the illiterate
white. This is done by providing that no man shall
be disqualified by it whose father, or perhaps grand
father, was a qualified voter prior to 1865. or some
other year antedating the suffrage guarantee of the
Federal constitution. As the negroes were not voters
at the time fixed, there is no ancestral qualification to
descend to their posterity. But as all whites were
voters then, their qualification descends with their
illiteracy to their children. It is probable that th<
Supreme Court would hold this to be a denial of the
ballot because of a previous condition of servitude,
unless the argument is good that the terms of the
constitution apply only to the existing individual and
not to his ancestors, and as he has not been in a con
dition of servitude, denying him the ballot is not on
account of such condition.
The constitution declares that the right of a man
to vote shall not be denied because of race, color or
previous condition of servitude. That right is well
regarded in this republic as the right preservative of
all rights. Without it no other right is considered to
be safe-
Colonel Bryan and his party desire to apply this
theory abroad, lest it should fail at home. In refusing
to apply it abroad they see imperialism, and profess to
fear that it 'may react at home, and by impairing the
domestic application of the constitution may estab
lish imperialism in the midst of us. The Bryan party
is already in power in the Southern States of the
Union, in which it expects to give him 120 electoral
votes for President.
Events in- that section justify the inquiry whether
the flag is there.
/^OLONEL BRYAN'S platform declares that the
I constitution follows the flag. This means, we
suppose, that wherever the flag is there is the
constitution also, with all the rights, privileges/im
munities and conditions which it imposes or guaran
tees.
FLAG AND CONSTITUTION.
The 'Kansas man who has staked his best girl on
Bryan's chances in the present campaign is evidently
a gentleman of no deep affection.
4
The popular belief that Towne's candidacy for Vice
President is on the toboggan slide will not be dis
turbed- by the announcement that he is to stay on the
ticket. The whole ticket is on the slide.
In the maze of great events in which the world is
now moving amazed ?.nd bewildered the nations ap
pear to be taking no notice of the dying gasps of lib
erty which are coming from the Orange Free State.
— — — /
The Call confidently counts upon a triumph for
honest politics in the committee. It believes that
Herrin and his associates will be beaten in their efforts
to establish a domination over the majority pf the
members. It is hardly credible that any considerable
number of them can be so blind to the trap that has
been i-et for them by the Southern Pacific and the
Mint Saloon gang that they will deliberately wall:
into it. Should the tricks and manipulations of the
schemers be successful, however, and a majority of the
committeemen vote with them, then this one thing
wiil happen: The workingmen, business men, pro
fessional men and capitalists — all the better elements
of the Republican party in this city— will exercise an
independent judgment at the polls. The bosses can
not elect bad men. San Francisco Republicans are
not going to «ubmit to the dictatorship of a Demo
cratic boss in the employ of the Southern Pacific Rail
road, and the members of the County Committee
might as well recognize that trupi at the start.
The men who are now seeking to dominate the Re
publicans of San Francisco are the same who in times
past have been repudiated by Republicans. They are
the men whose very* pretensions to be Republicans
have so compromised the party that independent vot
ers and a pood many Republicans voted the Demo
cratic ticket and made the Phelan administration pos
sible. The old firm of bosses has been changed only
by admitting Mr. Herrin as a member. To the g.^ngs
of toughs and saloon-rounders that Crimmins and
Kelly control there have been added the gangs of rail
road workers who take orders from Herrin, ami
to that extent the combination is more dangerou;
than it was before. Otherwise it is virtually the same
as it was.
What member of the committee can hope to have a
political future in the Republican party if at this junc
ture he votes to betray the control of the party organi
zation into the hands of the Southern Pacific Railroad
and its disreputable allies? What can it profit him in
the long run to vote even for a compromise with men
'.¦¦:¦¦¦¦¦ ':- .r • ¦ ' ¦' '¦ ¦ r . '¦'¦¦¦
whose purposes are adverse to every true Republican
poiiry in the city and the State?
All Republicans and all independent citizens will
watch closely the vote on every issue that arises
during the meeting. They will note who vote for
genuine Republicanism and who ally themselves
with the bosses. Every man's record will be pub
.. ,. ,, ._ .. ... . . ..._ ..
lished and made known, and there will be no possi
¦ , ¦ ¦ -r - ;
bility for any committeeman to evade, shirk or dodge
"... »••-•-',' .
the responsibility of the action he takes.
WHEN the Republican County Committee
meets this evening the members will find them
selves at the fork of the political road. Up the
road to the right the rank and file of honest Repub
licans beckon them. Down the other road Heron
and Crimrnins and Kelly command them to go. It
is the choice between the people and the bosses, be
tween right and wrong, between the straightforward
way which leads to victory for the party and honor
for the committee and that crooked and uncertain
•way which dishonors every man who takes it and
THE FORK OF THE ROAD.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, T, 1JKX) V
"HELLO, CENTRAL; I WANT TO TALK TO THE AMERICAN WORKINGMAN "
"HE'S AT WORK AND VERY BUSY, MR. 13RYAN; RING OFF, PLEASE."
-New York Herald
6
The" first thimbles were made In Hol-
land. They were brought to England in
1695. , * • •
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, Indorsed by
physicians and chemists for purity and whole-
The Santa Fe will sell tickets to Chicago
and return on Aueust 2X and . 22 at the very
low rate of $72 60, good for sixty days. This
is a very low rate and is open for all. They
will tell you all about it at 62S Market street.
Do You Enjoy Comfort
When. you travel? If you do. buy your ticket
via the Northern Pacific R'y and ride on the
"North Coast Limited." the most perfectly ap-
pointed train In America. Solid vestlbuled and
lighted ¦ with Incandescent electric lights, ob-
servation car with, a large parlor for ladies,
tourist aleeplns car finished in mahogany and
upholstered In olive green leather. " The only
line gelling tickets direct Into Yellowstone Park.
Ticket" to all points north and east at the low-
est rates. T. K. ST ATKLER, Gen. Agt.. 633
Market «t.. S. F.
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Offlce-^363 12th Street.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
After a Refreshing Bath
On a sultry day the prospect of putting
on such exquisitely laundered linen, white
and faultless In tinish. is a pleasure to the
man that has his shirts, collars and cuff3
"done up" at our laundry. Our aim Is to
please our patrons, and we spare no pains
to do It. as we want the patronage of
every man In San Francisco. No "saw
ccIjtps **
Domestic finish for full dress shlrta If
you order It.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per R> at Townsend*.
The Lord Mayor of London wears a
badpe of office which contains diamonds
valued at £120.P0O.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Night of the Fourth."
Tivoll-"nijoi«>tto."
! Alcazar— "The Omntry Girl."
Columbia — "Heartsease."
i-Trfi'iini — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house-'The Middleman."
Ulympla. corner Mason and Eddy etreeti— Specialt.ts.
Chutes. Zoo aad Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Fischer' i" — Vaudeville.
Surro Baths— Open r.!ght8.
AUCTION SALES.
ny Sullivan & Doyle— Wednesday, August 8, at 11 O'clock,
Carriages. Surri«^, etc.. at 227 Sixth ftreet.
years: }2;) SO in 5 years.
£32 MONTGOMERY ST.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association,'
INSTALLMENT PLAN.
$12 65 a month pays up a {1000 loan la 10
ON DEFINITE CONTRACT.
LOANSFunds Already Collected for the Cele
bration of Admission Day and
Additional Sums Over
$1OO Each.
Stanford Parlor Adopts a
if Most Elaborate
¦DaQge-
PIONEERS ARE
TO HAVE MANY
FINE FEATURES
Transcontinental Telephones.
BERLIN. Aug. 0— Telephonic communi
cation between Germany and French
cities was opened to-day.
TOLEDO. Ohio. Aug. 6— Fred T. Roy
dan, a prominent merchant and capitalist
of this city, was accidentally drowned
while fishing at Mlddlebass Lake to-night.
Accidentally Drowned.
BERLIN. A jig. r,.— The Lelpi='c Tageblatt
says the Foreign Office has promised the
Protestant league to mane representa
tions to the Austrian Government against
the expulsion of Protestant clergymen
from Austria.
Protection for Protestants.
RERUN'. Aug. fi.— Theodore Wolf wire?
to the Berliner Tageblatt from Paris that
Germany will get more first prizes at the
exposition than any other nation. He es
timates the number at 2W. Germany will
be first In Industrial, with twenty grands
prix and a hundred gold medals.
Sure of Kany Prizes.
SOUTHAMPTON. X. Y.. Aug. 6.— On the
courts of the Meadow Club here to-mor
row morning the Long Island I^awn Ten
nis championship will be revived. Sumner
Hardy and Samuel Hardy, the champions
of the Pacific Coast, promise to be thj
stars of the meeting. The matches in the
championship singles will be started In
the morning and the championship
doubles are scheduled for Wednesday.
Tennis Champions to Meet.
Charged. With. Forgery.
George Sweeney, 761 Capp street, se
cured a warrant in Judge Conlan's court
vesterday for the arrest of Pierre G. Sea
burg on a charge of forgery. Seaburg is
accused of forging the names of Walter
C. T/e Borge nnd Marv K. Frost to a
promissory note dated July 7.
Former Senator Richard Cohen and Dan
iel Meader. rfi theatrical manager.
High Salaried Official.
The Board 6f Public Works created an
other high-saLarled position yesterday
when It appointed Captain C. V K. Thomas
a* chief nf the P.ureau of Streets at a
salary of SZV* per month. One of the Co-n
mlFsiom-rs said yesterday that the Street
Huron ii. owing: to the lack of a head, had
r>ot bo<*n working as Fmoothly as desired.
The Commissioner pays that Captain
Th'-m^s !'"¦ fully competent to fill the posi
tion, he having superintended the build
ing r-t the Presidio fortifications.
Husband Deserted Her.
A^lle Ccstello has rued Albert Costello
for divorce, alleging desertion as cause
of .action.
r. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
TJ.e best !l\Vr medicine. A vecetable cure for
Uur ills, biliousness, Indigestion, constipation.*
rt SOLDIER'S funeral was held In Redding:, Shasta County, recently,
/ \ which nearly all the people in the town and many lrom tho country sur
f~^ rounding it attended. It being the funeral of a Philippine hero, tears
J from many, not related to the dead, mingled with thoso of the supposed
aunt of the deceased. Mrs. Effle Dr,ury. who, clad In deepest mourning.
gave way to sobs while the services were going on and while the remains
were being lowere.: to what was thought would be their last resting place.
It was thought that the body covered by the earth In the Redding Ceme
tery was all that was mortal remaining of Harry H. Stone, a well-known
young man of that town who enlisted some months ago and went to fight
under Columbia's banner in the far away new possessions. The body ar
rived on a transport a short time ago and was taken to Redding by Mrs.
Drury. The people of Redding determined that fitting honor should be done
the memory of one who had died In the military service of his country. •
Those -who had formed the large concourse at the funeral had scarcely
reached their homes and friends were still consoling weeping Mrs. Drury.
when It was learned that the remains that had been burled were not those
of Harry II. Stone, but of Herman H. Stone of Worcester, Massachusetts.
The father of the dead hero proved th.a to the satisfaction of the mourning
Redding lady and the body was disinterred, sent to Worcester and there
buried a second time with fitting honor.
The dead man was a member of Company K of the Tweny-second Infan
try: killed In action at Santa Rosa, Philippine Islands. Mrs. Drury
claimed the body when it arrived here on the transport as that
of her nephew, Harry II. Stone, and at her request it was shipped to Red
ding, where the funeral was held as stated. Hardly had the Redding funeral
party returned from performing the last sad rites, when a telegram was re
ceived by Mrs. Drury stating that the remains were not those of Harry H.
Stone, but of Herman H. Stone of Worcester. The" father of the dead soldier
had received a letter from a comrade in Manila, informing him of his son's
death and of the shipment of the remains to San Francisco. The similarity
of initials had caused the mistake.
Mrs. Drury made Inquiries at army headquarters nnd learned that her
nephew was* still alive and not at all anxious to fill a grave.
BODY WAS NAT THAT
OF HERO WEPT FOR
Mrs. Mirla N. Cohen, widow of Maurice
<"ohrn. who built the firct brick store In
Calaveras County, riled at 442 Thirteenth
street yesterday afternoon after a linger
ie ! ""f SR - Mm. Cohen lived here since
# « Kne w ' as OT >' p ars old and a woman
of fine qualities. She leave* two sons.
Iteath of an Estimable Woman.
The Sunshine Workers* Mother Club.
the Bryant-street Club and Dr. Wilson's
Co-operative Homes 1 and 2 wero the
KU^sts of honor at a delightful entertnln
mej.t piven by Mrs. Maryland S. Rartlott
Shepperd at the home of Harelay Smith,
570 Harrison street, last evening.
Mrs. Shepperd received the pruests as
sisted by Mrs. Jean Hornunsr and Miss
Eleanor Klngsley. The programme nf
the evening consisted of vocal and in
¦FJriimental musical numbers and recita
tions. Among those who lent tlioir as
sistance to the programme were: Roseoe
AVarren T,uev. Miss Marie Partridge. MIfs
Shocking. Miss Haze] Sexton. Miss Vecca
and Madame von Meycrtnck. After the
entertainment there was a bounteous
supply of fruit that had been generously
donated by the merchants of this city
Entertained the Mothers.
gold watch and chain while standing In
a crowd at Market and Kearny streets
last evening. He was listening to an
animated discussion betweeen two men
as to the right of the United States to
interfere in the war against China, when
a clever thief deftly removed his watch
«nd chain from his vest pocket. Thorney
keenly feels the loss of the watch as it
was a family heirloom. Last nlsht ho
went to police headquarters and gave
Oaptain Seymour a description of the
stolen timepiece.
George Thoraey Robbed of His Watch
¦ While Standing in Crowd on
Market Street.
George W. Thorney. a recent arrival
from Portland. Oregon, was robbed of a
THIEF TOOK HEIRLOOM
FROM VICTIM'S POCKET
JCIdwpk reserve stake Oraw, Wednesday 64
calrlec— W. Stark's Thunderbolt vs J Car
r'.:\ ¦• li~i H!n<J; H. H. dray's Commander vs.
A L. Austin's Ncra I^aurence; K»!lv & Hen
!<¦?-* Baby K!n« vs. J HoMen's Pcottish Chief:
I-. M. fUOoaTu I^adv Gllmor* vs. A. Massey's
HaciwlEt; J. rmnpan's Hard Lines n R. I.
Tzyirrg Efesuty Spnt; F. Jones' Lavinan vs.
J. Mahcr's Emma M: S. Mahoney'« Xellle O
vf. F. Schou's Smuspler: C. K. Charl^sworth's
Crawford Kraes vs. T. J. Crnnins -WM4 Tra
!*«; P. Filva'F He-Annri vs. K. C&Fserly's Sl
l»n"e: D. O'Connors Fatan vs. J. I^nnehan's
Kar!r.<»: T. MoOimb'f little Sister vs. E M.
K"'.1«CE'<> Iowa DOTZ T. r w ,ney-R Modesty- v» i
,;¦ Mshor.py's Chl»f of the Hill- J. L Rr»n ,
•' iKt»«rh vb. P. Jackson'* Oi»l<5^n Russet:
K. Mr-Comb's IWto vs. J. W. Wilson's Cliff
WBmb; M. nepgv' Oour.tprMt vb. H. F. Jack
•OB*a Rnmo Kelp: J. Ix>an'g Gallant vs. Rus
¦eH Allen & Wilson's La,j y Kmma: H.
I^ynrb s Lj-Adit* vy. I^nJ tc <;<rb*>r'fi Mount
I<2«: N. P. Whitirtu's Pt. Anthony v<<. j. Mar
tinet'* Huxtnn; H. H. Gray's nannockhurn
vs. W. C. Glasfon's Weigh Bells; T. ]>nde
wl<j> Lady Gurnet vs. \\\ D. Murphy's Craw
ford Lsff; Vah*r & U.-lrl's t*r»c!« Fuller vs
"W. Calm's Imperial: A. T-. Austin's: Thorndale I
v*. J. H. Perieo's P»n we ra r.t ; R. W. nartelj i
Betsy Harrow «. A. John^r,'* I,nwlan4er- P I
C. O >»•(!> r 8 «ra<5<» vs. T. J. Cronin's Daisy
rxilo; P. MfCahf> Fky-hlue V 5 P. F\ Jack
¦on'a KraR-.Torcns^n: J. Mahfr'p Pwp^Jsh vs. I
Farley Brother*' Morse Patrol; Iy>w* &
Thompson's pr-ntrh Hf-l vs. T. W. Heintr'*
Coquette; R. H. <5e H. IvU" 1 * A- Son's Diablo
vs. T. Ooone]r*a fweet Faver<5a!e- J. Kennedy's*
Wine. Vearf vs. J. Carroll's FTrin'w Hope- Run
fell. A!>n & Wllpnn'f Miss Wilson vs R r-
At- n. I>ope2 * Kn's Pepita: K. M. KpIIo^j-b !
Hmnaaer vs. Russell & Allpn's Ju'!-j« Caesar: '
G. AbPTTToinbio's Kock Island King" vs. I.
Frsrcrk's I^olterer.
FpwMnl r~y»rve staV<\ Thursday. 64 entries—
r. R«idy> BUver r.utton vs. T. IxMran-* Miss
Orizzle; Curtis A Son's K.=y<-he vs. L F. Bar
tots' naron's Wood: n. L. Taylor's Frnrcjtrn'!
Hfinrjer vs. W. H«'aly's ladylike; D. rteiay-f
FprlnrriTne vs. K Button's OI»nn1ila: R. *L
T«yWs Brilliant TV-auTy vs. r,«ore<- Pharman's
Bowery Boy: J. Byrnes* Master niy vs. R. E.
<¦!«• B. Ij^pez & S-tn's Wnrresro; Curtis & Son's
Wcr Earl* vs. P. c r <.r.in's Master Orrdon: T.
lagan's I>»;»h vs. T. It. Barrett's T'nele N'ed:
J. A. Porter's Al vs. F. MoComb's Storm
Kirc: W. J. Browninir's Mountain Belle vs.
Ti. Rorw-rts* n^saitsonde; J. J. Esmond's Go '•
On vs. J. Repan'? Hurt's Helle; Kay Rros '
l>::^ley Diamond vs. D. Dillon's Kuror-.a: J. '
I >*>m prey's -Tinxle Hells vs. P. Crr.nln'B I^ear
KlBf : Kay Hr'»t«.' Crr<SFpnt<-h vs. Curtis & Son's ,
Wanwitht W. C. Parteer's Alamerla Lnd vs. J.
<~arroirf« Bluestnnp; J. I-nhusen's Fireside vs.
I. F. riartel!"' Riddle Banshee; J. J. Esmond's
Whisky Hi!! ve. Condrey & Roueht's Home
ward Bound; Ft K. <1e B. I>opez A- S;on's Dairy !
Ma'rt vs. L.. F. Bartels' Bridret Blarney: (J. '
"Wlrh's Tattle Iju^r vs. P. M^Cabe's Fair Lily;
'."ore* f-hnrman's Wait a Rlt vs. W. Healy's .
,_'.lnnW Twir: M. Mlrhfllkl's Terronlte vs. 1
iiufwll. Wilsrn & Allen's P"a Breeze: P. J. i
RettJr** • I>i«ehnpach vi. H. Hendr>*'s Clontarf .
P.ov : p. .T. Reply's Wilful Widow vs. Cnndray
ft Roupht's N'tKtatlncat*: leorpe Fharman's Pt.
Ives vs. J. Kenan's Blarklnek: Russel'.. Wil- I
ron & Allan's W«1<i:nc Bells vs. J. Hurley's
Billy: T. lyoran's Honor Brlpht vs. D. E.
Wllfv's I!!pb Rom I-ndy; D. Toland's Twi
lirht Jr. vs. W. D. Murrhy's Tillie S: P. Rro-
T V.y> t>ord Ha««tires vs. T)r. V.Vldon's Ia Dell?:
Condrev A- R-Tujrht's Fl^nK Daisy vs. R. E»
TayJor's For IVauty: O. I^ahusen's Firefly vs.
James Patiyer's Captain Evnns: R. Roberts'
7.i. 'v TtuMa vb. J. Keenan'g Mlramonte; S.
Harpor.'s I^nz Bhot Ccnley vs. J. Farrel's
Cash Day.
Wednesday Reserve and Special Re
serve Stakes Attract an Entry
of Fleet Hounds.
The Incleslde Coursing Association held
It* draws for the midweek stakes last
night at Pythian Hall. The prizes of
fered are for the usu.il midweek amounts.
BIG MIDWEEK STAKES
FOR SAN MATEO PARK
HAM IBURG. star twirler of Hank
Harris' local aggregation of ball
tossers, diamond sharps and stick
Bwlngere, is something more than
a pitcher and little less than a crowned
idol. To the youth of this city he has be
come suddenly enveloped with the mantle
of greatness and placed upon a podestal,
the dazzling height of which would cause
crowned monarchs to blink several tlmea
before a hazardous attempt of occupancy.
"Wherever one goes these days — from the
north to the south, from the east to the
west end of the city — one is sure to moot
scores of youngsters baseball mad, all Im
itating the peculiar deliver}' of the local
pitcher. Young malo San Francisco is
Buffering from the Iburg dementia. Be
fore school, during study hours and after
the day's work Is done, the baseball boy
practices the Iburp curve with the rea.1
iburg method of delivery.
Hank's pride has a style all his own.
Three times with hands locked and held
to his face, like a pious hermit rapt In
Tho teachers In the schools are enm
plainine of the sudden piety of the cnll
dren. for such has been their interpreta
tion of th<- new devotional pestures of the
baf*eball-mad younpsters. All that is nec
essary to correct this belief Is a casual
attcn<isnce at one of the Improved sand
lot matches. Thero the teachers would
Fee the same gesture*, but there nrc
words spoken at these pnmes by the imi
tators of the Idoifzod twirler that would
banish forever any Idea of religious en
thusiasm or pious indulgences on the part
of the small sand-lotters.
The great Huphe? Ir. a back number to
the San Krancisro sanrl-lot twirler. It is
nothing but I burg— "Hamburger Ibureer,"
aa ho is called whpn his young admirers
and venerators wish to show most hal
lowed repppct. or "Ham" when they feel
particularly elated over a victory, sacri
lloing diffidence for happy familiarity.
prayer, he shakes the ball at the oppos
ing batsman. Then he swinps his ripht
arm in circles just as many times, finally
shooting the ball out of his fist. And this
Is what the small boy works at contin
uously.
"TTATVT" IBTJRG IS FATHER OF A FAD.
Another meeting: of the committee will
be held this evening. Measures will be
taken to protect honest voters at a pri
mary election to be called for choosing
delegates to State and local conventions.
John C. Lynch. Collector of Internal Rev
enue — a blatherskite politician who is
drawing a salar;.* from the Federal Gov
ernment and working ror Horrin of the
Southern Pacific— may reappear on the
scene with boss Instructions. County
committeemen should understand that
Lynch is utterly unreliable. He does not
ecruple to write bogus telegrams and pre
sent them as original messages. By such
means he sought at Sacramento to con
vince a member of the Legislature that
United States Senator George C. Perkins
had telegraphed from Washington advis
ing his friends to vote for the election of
Burns to the United States Senate. Com
mltteemen to-r.lijht should be on their
guard and treat with proper contempt any
messape coming from Lynch or the asso
ciates of Lynch.
Decent Republican citizens of San Fran
cisco— workinjrrr.on. merchants and prop
erty owners— expect the County Commit
tee to place itsolf on record to-night as
nn artl-bocs organization. Republican cit
izf-r.s who brittle for pood poverament and
clr-an politic* demand that honest Repub
licans shall be appointed to receive and
count the votes at the primary election.
The mere Fup^opilon that Martin Kelly.
I'nil Crlmmtr.f and the heelers and round
ers whom they control should be reeos
rnzrd in the appointments of election ofli
cers is offensive to citizens and taxpayers
of this city.
Governor Gape left California yesterday
to enjoy a season of vacation in the East.
Punr.p his absonco Lieutenant Governor
Jacob H. Ne«r will g-uido tho ship of state.
J. C rseedham, Cnnpre«=sman represent
£'£ the . Rove nth District. Is in the city.
Vi hen th«» proper time arrives he will
canvass his district and convince the
voters that the national Republican ticket
d* serves the support of pood citizens No
"PPOSition to Mr. NVedham's renomination
Tor tonjros? has developed amonp Repub
licans and none is anticipated. There la
n bunch of aspirants in tho field for the
l><"mocratic nomination. The leaders are
L. J. Maddox Xlo.lesto; W. D. Crichton.
J rr?no; JC. If. Conklin. San Diego, and
<". IT. Oastle. Morc^d.
The r^opont Republican County Cora
nittoe came into power through the
agency of anti-boss influences. Decent
Kcpublicans rallied and defeated Crlm
jrJns and Kelly at the primary election
in 1S?S and made this committee the local
governing body of the party.
A few da#s ago the Mint saloon bosses
sought to galvanize Into life the old coun
ty committee which they controlled, but
the scVme was so raw and repulsive that
the .rforts to execute It were abandoned.
The bosses finding that the old offensive
organization could not be restored to life,
began to cast about for ways and means
to break down the committee which was
created by honest Republicans. While tho
latter committee was In session last
Wednesday evening. Martin Kelly, Phil
Crimmins. John Lynch, Jake Shaen and
Eddie Conroy bunched themselves on the
etreet opposite the place of assembly and
sent messages to the weatk and wavering.
Several county commltteemen fell down
and voted to adjourn at the behest of the
bosses. Men who were cla-saed as honor
able, clean Republicans went wrong. It is
said they were deceived by false represen
tations.
Suggestion That Corrupt Bosses Be
Consulted in Appointment of
Election Officers Repug
nant to Taxpayers.
County Committee Has a
Plain but Important
Duty to Perform-
CLEAN PRIMARY
DEMANDED BY
REPUBLICANS
James J. White of San Jose filed a peti
tion In insolvency yesterday In the United
States District Court. His liabilities are
$2189 67 and his 'assets $150.'
An Insolvent Farmer.
United States District Judges de Haven
and Beatty held a session of the United
States Clrcult'Court of Appeals yesterday
morning, and after transacting some rou
tine business adjourned until September 3.
Circuit Court of Appeals.
The Art Carpet Shop. 223 Powell street,
surprised their many buyers since opening
their great carpet sale. It Is no wonder,
when thick Agra carpets sell at 45c yard.
15c mattings at flc. At this rate the sale
will not last long. £¦/-:' ;^'r . ; •
A Wonderful Success.
GROCERS SUGGEST A
SUCCESSOR TO HELMS
Members of Retail Grocers' Associa
tion Desire Daniel F. Keefe as
a Supervisor.
Trie Retail Grocers' Association decided
at a meeting last night to ask for the ap
pointment of Daniel F. Keefe as super
visor, to fill the vacancy created by the
death of John E. A. Helms. Mr. Helms
was a director of the Grocers' Associa
tion. Mr. Keefe, who is a. Democrat, is
also prominent among the grocers. The
latter claim that Mr. Helms was elected
through their efforts and they should
have another representative 'to' take his
plnce. A committee of five was appointed
to wait on Mayor Phelan when he returns
to the city, when they will present the
association's request.
Died o' His Injuries.
Frank Harman. n three-year-old boy
who resided with his parents at 1416 Harri
son street, died yesterday morning from
burns received two weeks ago.- He and
s->me other children started a bonfire and
played Indian by running through It.
Visit of the Geier Abandoned.
Collector Jackson was notified yester
day by the Secretary of the Treasury that
the German cruiser Geier would not visit
this Tort, as had been announced, owing
to her presence being required in Chinese
waters.
Parents' Opposition Induces Chair
man Mark to Present a Modified •
Order to School -Board.
The parents of tho grammar grade
pupils who have been transferred from
the Grant to the Pacific Heights School
will take measures to compel the Board
of Education to rescind its action.- A
mass-meeting has been arranged for some
tlm? during this week nnd a plan of cam
paign will be outlined. A protest will
also be made against the cutting down of
the primary classes In the Pacific Heights
School from six to three, the result of
transferring three grammar grades. A.
Towne. of the firm of Blake, Moffltt &
Towne. visited Superintendent Webster
yesterday and requested him to use his ef
forts to afford relief to the parents who
are up In arms against the transfers.
Mr. Webster called on Chairman Mark,
who expressed his Intention to lay beforo
his colleagues at to-morrow's meeting a
proposition to transfer only the eighth
and the advanced eighth grades. Mr.
Wrbster advised him to restore tho old or
der of things and then to draw the district
lines.
TROUBLE OVER TRANSFER
OF THK GRAMMAR PUPILS
MODEL OF THE HISTORIC PORTSMOUTH AS SHE J LIES
ALONGSIDE THE MARION. \
THE Naval Battalion will be well rep
resented In the Admission day cel
ebration. A model of the old frigate
Portsmouth has been made and will
not only be sailed In the regatta but will
be placed on a truck and towed In the
parade.
The Portsmouth was the ship that
brought the official, news of California's
admission to the Union to San Francisco.
Chief Boatswain's Mate John J. Foley
took the sailing: launch of the Marlon and
with great skill and much labor made her
Into an exact reproduction of the old
frigate that brought good news to th»
golden west. The launch Is now a full
rigged ship and her crew on the trial trip
will consist of fourteen men. Captain Xat
T. James will be In command and Lieu
tenant Henry Peterson will be navigating
officer. For fear of an accident the steam
launch of the Marlon will accompany the
Portsmouth so that in the event of a
capsize there will be no fatality. The
cruise or trial trip of the little ehip will
take place on Thursday.' •
The model of the Portsmouth is a per
fect reproduction of the old-time ¦warship.
Every spar and sail has been dup.icate.l
and not a rope is out of place. The old
smooth-bore guns have been duplicated
with pieces of wood, but the men's quar
ters are not as commodious as they might
be. It will take a man for every sail to
handle the model In a moderate breeze.
LOG RAFT BREAKING UP.
Another menace to navigation has been
cast adrift in the ocean. The Immense
log raft that left the Columbia River In
tow of the tugs Tatoosh and Rescue last
week Is breaking up. and when last seen
not more than half of it was left.
Steamers arriving from northern ports
have nothing to report but logs strewing
the ocean from Eel River to Cape Men
doclno.
The steamer William H. Kruger arrived
yesterday morning from Tillamook. via
Eureka. The captain report that on Au
gust 5. at 9 a. m.. the vessel ran into a lot
of ptles. From 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. the
menaces to navigation were passed, and
then the mystery was solved. The tugs
Rescue and Tatoosh were passed with
"half a log raft In tow." The other half
had broken away and the logs composing
It were strewn all along the Mendodno
coast.
The steamer Dispatch arrived from Port
Hadlock. On August 5. at 10 a. m.. she
ran Into the piles fifteen miles northwest
of Cape Mendoclno. For seventeen miles
she ran her course through them and at
7 p. m. sighted the tugs and the remainder
of the raft.
The steamer Matteawan on August 5, at
5 p. m.. off Mendoclno City saw the tuga
and the raft, half of which was gone.
The lumbermen who risk their money
In the venture give no thought to the
danger from a floating pile. It matters
not to them that a vessel may be sunk: by
one of these dangers to navigation so long
as they make money. Half a raft landed
In San Francisco will pay a dividend, but
the other half adrift on the ocean may
cause the loss of hundreds of lives.
TRANSPORT SHERMAN ARRIVES.
The army transport Sherman got Jn
from Manila via Nagasaki last night.
She made the run In sixteen days from
Japan She brings 53 cabin passengers,
11 discharged soldiers. 13S disabled men,
12 prisoners and lf> civilians. There were
three deaths during the trip.
WATER FRONT NOTES.
The. British ship City of Benares ar
rived early yesterday morning from Lon
don. She had heavy galps off the Horn
for twenty-one days and had a number
of sails blown away.
The schooner Americana arrived In port
last night. She was 150 days from Iquique
via Honolulu 50 days. She was almost
given \ip as lost at one time and :>n per
cent was paid to reinsure her. Then news
came of her arrival at Honolulu, hut her
long trip from that port was beginning
to make her owners anxious, when she
put In an appearance. Light wlnd3 and
calms caused the delay.
Visitors ¦will be received aboard the bat
tleship Towa to-morrow.
Contracts were closed yesterday for the
S<V>0 special design flags. Many special de
signs of electric pieces will be installed at
various points along the principal down
town streets.
Previously reported. 17350: /. T>. Prrecttels &
Rros. Co.. Cnllfornla Northwestern Rnilwray
Company. $150 each: Williams. Olmnnrt & Co
Jl.WuRonert Morrow. Balfour, Outhrle & Co.
Charles Nelson. Alaska Parkers' Assoclntlon.
Pope * Tnlhot. Alaska Comm«>rclnl Company.
Moriran Oyster Companv. TCetfrn Sue-ar Refln-
Inrr Company. Oeorjre Hans tz Son. $100 each.
Subscriptions of S1W* and more aggregate
19100. The latest subscriptions !n thl*
category are shown in the following state
ment eiven out yesterday by the executive
council:
The Society of California Pioneers an
nounces that It will reproduce In the pa
rade nil the Interesting historical floats
which were such an attractive feature In
the parade of 1SW1. Several of these will
represent the methods of mining In the
early days.
Encouraging reports were received yes
terday afternoon by the executive council
of finance. Paris Kilburn apnenred as
representative of a committee of the Har
bor Commission. - He furnished a list of
subscriptions amounting to $?fii>o from tho
water front, and stated further that th<»
committee would account for , additional
subscriptions -when It came to makln-r n.
final report. The amount now subscribed
to the celebration fund amounts In the
arcrecate to about S17.0M.
Assistant Secretary Roldemann has been
Informed that an extremely old lady, one
of the survivors of the Donner party. Is
very anxious to take part In the celpbra
tion. A special Invitation will be sent to
her and she will be furnished a carriage.
The assistant secretary has also re
ceived a letter announcing that C50 ex
cursionists will come from Los Angeles
by the morning train on September 8 and
that a like number will come up on- the
evening train. The hotel and accommo
dation "committee declares that It does not
matter how many strangers come here,
provision having already been made to
accommodate 1S0.O00. The beautiful post
er" announcing the celebration are being
distributed Jn nil parts of the State. These
will do much to advertise the celebration,
as they are most attractive. *
Tbp Invitations to the various functions
will be In the highest style of art. but
what the Stanford boys will pride them
selves most on will be the badge. It Is
of gros grain Mlk, dark blue, and all the
lettering and figures are In colored silk,
making one of the most elaborate affairs
of the kind ever got up for a parlor. The.
badges are to be worn by members. A
limited number will be presented to ladles
and these will have the word "guest" at
the head. Only one will be presented to
a male guest of the parlor.
Stanford Parlor No. 76. Native Sena of
the Golden West, proposes to make the
finest display of any of the parlors during
the celebration In this city. It has always
laid claim to being the most artistic local
parlor In all Its social functions, and It
expects to be the most artistic In the cele
bration. At its headquartera.lt will have
an elaborate display In electric lights, the
central flpure being a reproduction of a
past president's ' badgw, the design of
which Is the Golden Gate with the settlnsr
sun reflecting Its rays on Fort Wlnfleld
Scott and the Marln County hills, this
resting between the crossed American and
Bear flags.
-*> STANFORD j PARLOR BADGE. 4>
Much comoarlron has ben made between the
endurance of the Chinese and the American
working man.' Those with authority to sp»ak
ray that the averasre working man of America
Is as superior to the Chinese s us Hostetter's
Stomach Hitter* Is to any other dyspepsia cure.
The Bitters doe* not claim to cure everythU'a;,
but It does cure constipation. Imllcestlon. dys
pepsia; biliousness.- liver- Bnd kidney troubles,
ana prevents malaria, fever and a true.
The American Working Man.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1900.
"IBURG" FEVER SEIZES
SAN FRANCISCO YOUTH
FRIGATE PORTSMOUTH IS
TO FIGURE IN THE PARADE
7
Southfield Welllnprton Coal
has no superior. Most economical.
PTCrUpD»O CONCERT HOUSE.
riDUniln " Admission IOc.
THE OGDENS and BEKTHA FOLTZ IN
"THE RIGHT STOCKING": EMMA AD-
AMS, EUDORA FOKDE. ALMA WUETH-
RICH. MOLL and MOULTON. HERBERT
MEDLEY and NEW > MOVING I'ICTUUES.
Matinee Sunday. Reserved Seats. 2.">o.
Roasted eraashoppers are still esteemed
a great delicacy by the natives' of Mo-
rocco.
P. ltO»t:OK MpM'I.TY. 51. 1>.
Zfi)i Kearny St., Han Francisco, Cal.
DR. JTCNULTY.
nUHS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABT.KOLD
X SpecUIWtcnrrj Private. Nervous, ami Blood DL*.
en*ea of Meu nnly. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y"rs" experience.
Pntientscnretlat Home. Terms reasonable. ITotm9
toSilally :ti.30 :oii::» »v'*s. Snndav*. 10tol2. Consul,
tatlon free- ami sacredly confidential. Cuil.oraddress
Then they write to Mrs*
Pinkham ; and she cures
them, but of course It
takes lenger to do so.
Don't delay getting help if
you are sSckm
She has helped a million
women* Why not you 7
But nitse women out of
ten put off getting this re-
liabio remedy until their
health ls\ nearly wrecked
by experiments or neg-
Every woman knows
some woman Fmlrsm Pink"
ham has cured.
Every woman knows
about H7rsm Pinkham's
medicines
They know Lydla Em Pink'
ham's Vegetable Com"
pound v/iil and does and
has, more than any other
mediclisem
That ordinary treatment
falls to relievo painful
periods.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to II p. m.
Bathlnc From 7- a. m. to 10 p. m
- admission.- ior: • CHU-nnrcN. Be.
Bi'tiing. Including admission, 13c; Children, 20c.
SUTRO BATHS
AMUSEMENTS.
SICOEADAGSfg
XygorttliLry cored by Oxeao
)Xittle Pills.
; '.They also relieve Distress from Dyspeprfi,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
feet retotdy to Dizziness, Nausea, Drowst
ness, Bad Taste to the Uoctb, Coated Tongut
Pafa fa the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regelate the Bowdi -. Vxadj Vegetable. ,
Small Pin.' Small Dose*
A Small Price-'
A~fcrrTRKM RNTJL
The New Company a Crackajack !
BENNETT and" STEMBLOR,
In ft Sketch try OEOTtQE M. OOHASL
MEEKER-BAKER TRIO.
HOOKER AND DAVIS.
JOLLY JOkX NASH.
Zelrn* Rawlstcm. St. Ot.ro Brother*. Nichols
Sisters. Blograph.
MR- AJTD MRS. JOHN' MASON (K*therln«
Orey).
Reserved seats. Kc: balcony. Me-, eper*
chairs and box seats, GOc.
Matlnef Wednesday. Saturday and gnnday.
iXIYOCI*
CURTAIN 1 R1SE3 AT « P. M. SHARP.
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT
Thursday and Sunday NIght«, Baturdar
Matinee,
"RICOLETTO."
Russo. Ferrari. NlcoHnf. Polltlni and Repetto.
To-Mcrro-w, Friday, Saturday EronlnM.
"OTHELLO."
Avedano. Salassa. Miss Graham and Miss
Llchter.
Next Week-'TAXNHAUSEl£" "MTONON."
POFTTLAR PRICES 25c and 50o
Telephone Bush 9.
QJ Mo . th FLORENCE
OU °* ROBERTS,
Supported by 'WHITE WHITTLESEY.
Revival by Ki»nue3t.
I COUNTRY GIRL!
FIVE KIGHTS AND PATfRPAT MATINEE.
Next WeeL.."iTsmT OF SABLE:
ALL. THIS WEEK.
Wednesday and SatnrJsy Matinees.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY
In an Elaborate nevlval of the Romantic
HE A R TSEA SE.
HENRY MILLER AS ERIC TEMPLE.
Next Thursday Afternoon nnd Snn<1av VIstM,
THE BURTON HOLMES LECTURES.
Subject— "GRAND CANYON OF ARIZONA."
Next Week-'The ADVENTURE OF LADY
URSULA."
SEE THE FINISH!
Only a Few More Performances by
DUNNE &¦ RYLEY 1 ? ALL. STAR CAST.
PRKSKNTINO
THEIR BIGGEST HIT AND FUNNIEST
PLAY.
"THE NIGHT OF THE FOURTH"
Next Sunday Night— Orand Farewell F«rform-
"RUSH CITY."
Commencing Sunday Afternoon and all next
week. Special Matinees Sunday. Tuesday.
Thumday and Saturday Afternoons. "TUB
BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND."
Walter Morcseo Sole Lessee and Manager
THE GREATEST SUCCESS OF
THE MIDDLEMAN !
A VERITABLE HISTRIONIC TRIUMPH.
Five Calls at End of Second Act— Four at End
of Third.
PRICES— 10c. 13c, Kc. 60c.
A Few Front Rows tn Orchestra. 73c.
Saturday Matinee— 10c. 15c. I5c. JOc
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
r5ACRAMENTo,r 15^.
b? NiSB>T.3^ oK> 7
Two weeks of Racing.
fOLO "JOURNAME^
Exhibits Carried ,,rr,ee-
Excursiorv Ratcs|crvisitors.
V/riie for particulars to
PeJERJ.SHIELDS, A.B.SFRECKELS,
Stt KUT AM.T. RRC51DE.NT-
W8Bflyd"$1.00-BHTfiffi
&DVEETISEMENTS.The habeas corpus case of Maud Blood
pood, an inmate of the Magdalen Asylum,
\ra» argued before the Supreme Court
yesterday. The girl is 16 years of age and
v.-os committed for vagrancy by one of
i the Police Judpes. The commitment
• specified the Houce of Correction and the
girl was taken to the asylum. The father
of the girl claims the girl Is not In the
House of Correction, but i» -conlined wlth.-
Status of the Magdalen Asylum.
The Fresr.o rate case came up for argu
jnent before the Supreme Court. Attorney
General Ford stated to the court that the
contempt proceedings Involved the .yjes
tion of merit also and there wouM 1 e un
use for the two cases to be heard separ
ately. He asked that both be taken up to-
Kether. All of the attorneys agreed to
this and the court stated that the whole
matter will be taket: up this term and de
cided.
Matters of Contempt and Merit Are
to Be Taken Up To
grethsr.
EARLY DECISION IN
FRESNO RATE CASES
to i±er.
Eusan G. Tevls, widow cf the late Lloyd
Tevls. Is now in actual possession of the
millions left by the deceased. Judge Cof
fey yesterday settled the final account
filed by Mrs. Tevis as the administratrix
of her deceased husband's •will and or
ct-r*d the t-Ftate distributed to her In ac
cordance with the prayer of her petition
By the order of the court Mrs. Tevis
comes Into possession of $167,219 SI In cash
.of» f hares cf the Rancho del Paso Land
Company and laree real estate holdings
located in Contra Costa. Stanislaus. Sut
ter, aiendocmo, Marin, San Joaquln Sac
ramento. Earta Clara and A lam eda'coun
ties cf the total value of S7.S37.53l U.
LLOYD TEVIS' MILLIONS
NOW IN WIDOWS HANDS
By Order Hade by Judge Coffey Vast
Estate Is Distributed
to Her.
The Reno Wheelmen, who possess the
champion relay team of the Pad He
Coast, have challenged the Olympic
"Wheelmen to a fifty-mile track relay race,
to take place at Keno. Nevada, on Sep
tember 17. The Olympics wired their ac
ceptance of Vhe challenge yesterday, pro
viding the date was set for cither the
2d or 23d prox., the only two open
dates they have. The Native Sons' cele
bration occurs on the 9th, 10th and 11th
and the Baker and Hamilton road race
on the ICth.
The Cycle Path Association's meeting
has been postponed by President Learning
ir<->m to-night until 6ome night next week
ZPfJUS'SSPl and R J ' Mor rlr.. of the
Bay City \\ heelmen. have Just returned
fl S? a fortnight's hunting trip In the
wilds cr Mendocino County.
Xccept the Challenge for a Fifty-Mile
Belay Race on September 17
' in Reno.
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN WILL
MEET RENO CHAMPIONS
W. D. Valentine Sentenced by Judge
Cabtmiss and Writ of Habeas
Corpus Denied.
"Vy". D. Valentine, proprietor and man
ager cf the "tape" game at 43 Ellis street,
and M. Burke. H. iluller and A. Pritch
ard. his assistants, appeared before Judge
Caljaniss yesterday for sentence. At
tornty George D. Colling moved for a new
trial on the ground that evidence had
?>et-n Improperly admitted and also for ar
rest of jiidginent-
The Judge denied both motions and
ordered Valentine to pay a tine of V»J,
•wilh the alternative of serving 150 days
In the County Jail. He sentenced Burke.
duller and Pritchard to pay fines of $lo0
each or go to jail for fifty days.
Collins at once gave notice of appeal to
the Superior Court, and the bonds in each
case were fixed at $5"0. The bonds were
Immediately forthcoming:, the sureties be
ing Valentine's wife, who qualified on 100
acres of land in Santa Clara County val
ued at SIfUW, and John Humphrey, who
qualified on his residence. 101$ Hyda
fctreet, valued at $7000.
The attempt of Valentine to secure his
relf-ase by means of habeas corpus proved
futile. His application to the Supreme
Court, in which he set up the claim that
the ordinance under which he was con
victed was unconstitutional in that it con
flicted with the State laws and the pro
visions of the new charter, was dismissed,
the higher tribunal saying that the ques
tions arising: could be determined by the
Buperior Court, where the appealed case
now ic.
HEAVILY FINED FOR
WORKING TAPE GAME
The State Fish Commissioners are de
termined to put a stop to the destruction
of the young fish In San Francisco Bay
Yesterday Deputy John Davis and the
crew of the launch Quinnat made a raid
in the lower bay and surprised five Junk
men fishing with hag nets. The offenders
¦were taken to the City Prison and
charged with killing young fish.
Many Chinese Fishermen Arrested.
The Wells-Fargo Library Association
held its annual election of officers for
the coming year last night. The new offi
cers'are: President, John J. Valentine:
first vice president. W. W. Fulmer; second
vice president, W. M. Chewning; third
vice president. F. H. Parks: treasurer. B.
H. River; secretary, F. T. Cope; trustees,
Kichard Burr. W. R. L. Campbell. L. J.
Chaj=e, Louis McLane Jr.. F. I). Mitchell.
L. G. Ilowell, F. J. Schoeneman. <•
Elects New library Officers.
ASHLAND, Or.. Aug. 6.— W. Thompson,
the financial agent of the Midland Con
struction Company of Chicago, and G. N.
Lyman. the attorney for th<* same com
pany, are in Ashland to meet the officers
and directors of the Oregon Midland Rail
road Company to complete arrangement3
for the construction of the road. The
route will be from Klamathon. Cal.. dua
east to Klfumath Falls.. Or., tapping one
of the richest timber belts in Southern
Oregon. The greater part of the right
of-way has been secured. W. J. Woods,
the uuditor of the new road, is authority
for the statement that the enterprise has
been financiered. The cost of construction
is placed at $2,000,000, exclusive of rolling
etock and equipment.
way in Southern Oregon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eastern Capitalists Will Build a Bail-
TO TAP A TIMBER BELT.
Went to Study Church Architecture
for the Calvary Presbyterian
m Congregation.
Architect C. C. McDougall. who went
East for the trustees of the Calvary Pres
byterian Church to study church archi
tecture in Eastern cities, returned yester
day. Mr. McX>ougall visited Chicago, New
York, Philadelphia, St. Louis, Minneapo
lis. Toledo, Cleveland, Kansas City and
Denver. In each 'city he used his camera
to picture exteriors and interiors, and he
has brought back a large collection of
views. He will soon report to the Cal
vary Church trustees.
L'ndor the teAns of sale of the property
on the northwest corner of Powell and
Geary streets, the church has an unex
pired lease of six months of the old
church. \, "- • : ..;
The congregation of/ Calvary Church
proposes to erect one of the finest church
edifice? in the country- on its Western Ad
dition site. Work on the structure will be
commenced as soon as the plans can be
prepared.
ARCHITECT M'DOUGALL HAS
RETURNED FROM THE EAST
regiment for Kort Dougrias. He placed the
muzzle of his Krag-Jorgt-nson to his right
eye asd pulled the trigger. The pressure
exerted spoiled his aim. and the bullet.
Instead of penetrating the skull, followed
lixe coarse of the J'rontal bone, coming out
at the top of his head. The shock and
concussion rendered him unconscious an-i
he was conveyed to the post hospital,
where an examination showed iha.t the
¦wound was not necessarily latal.
Carey did not recover consciousness un
til iaie in the afternoon, and his first
words to th«f steward were. "Tell her 1
have done it." Up to this time it was
i'j;-; on .a his attempt on his life was due
to the protracted spree on which he had
been for several days.
Carey was an old soldier, having seen
service in the Philippines ar.d Cuba. From
his comrades it Wius learned that his at
tempt on his life was caused by the re
fusal of some woman to go with him to
Fort Douglas, where hie regiment was
ordered.
Prank Powers, a discharged soldier, and
Fred Karr. a. private in the Hospital
Corps, died at the General Hospital yes
tercay.
Sixty-five patients arrived on the trans
port .L*>£a:i and were yesterday admitted
to the <jeneriJ Hospital. They were all
soldiers of the Ximh Infantry.
The cases of glanders discovered among
the horses at the Presidio have ail been
isolated and the Btables thoroughly fum
l^jatt-d. No new cases have been reported.
Captain J. 11. Culver. Thirty-second In
fantry. U. S. V., having reported to the
hcadQuartere cf the Department of Cal
ifornia from sick leave, is assigned to
duty with recruits awaiting 1 iransporta.
tion to the .Philippines.
Captain J. A. i'erry. Thirteenth In
fantry, is assigned to temporary duty
wit n the recruits at tlie Prtsldio.
Acting Assistant Surgeon M. J. Rowe
a.nu Acting Assistant Surgeon \V. M. Rob
erts are ordered to duty at the General
Hospital, awaiting transportation abroad.
Major T. P. Varney. additional pay
master, U. S. V., is ordered to r«i>ort Lo
the chief paymaster of the headquarter*
of California for duty.
First L.ieuU'iia.r.t Muck E. Cunningham.
D. S. V. Signal Corps, is granted leave of
absence of one month, with permission to
ii£>p]y for an extension.
Slakes the Attempt Half on Hour
Before His Regiment Leaves
for Tort Douglas — May
Recover.
1 ?
Corporal Carey of Company K. T-wenty
tbird United Stages Infantry, rather than
leave his lady love attempted to commit
6ulcide yesterday morning at the Presidio.
iust previous to the departure of his
Wants to Die Because Woman
He Loved Would Not Go
With Him.
SOLDIER AT THE
PRESIDIO SEEKS
TO END HIS LIFE
out "warrant or law In a private sectarian
Institution. The attorneys for the asylum
take the ground that the TJagdalen Asy
lum Is successor tothe old House of Cor
rection. - In the arguments, yesterday
there was a hitch aa to whether or not
the Mother Superior of the asylum had
been appointed as "matron" by the Super
visors. The case was continued In order
that this fact may be -determined.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ AUGUST 7, 1900.
8
SAN FRANCISCO,
2/3 SANSOME STREET
IS.. 3D-A. 3STK1E3K,,
Assistant Manager.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
Manager.
V. CARUS DRIFFIELD,
Assistant ."Manager.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
SE. Corner California and Sansome Streets,
CEO, W. BROOKS,
Manager.
THOS. J. CON ROY,
Address A. BETTEN3. Hgr., Byron Bot Sprian. Cal.
Call en Lcnbird & C3.. Uiv A •*->' . . i>»»rv. City.
KAHLER'S new summer resort. Cazadero. CaL
—Home cooking, excellent fishing and hunt-
Ing: general mdse.. choice liquors, cigars;
popular prices.
QUIET home In Sonoma redwoods; chickens,
eggs. milk, cream, fruit; free drives; good
rooms; terms $6 per week. Address Redwood
Heights. Occidental. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
The healthiest resort in the prettiest county la
California. Trout fishing— finest in the State-
Shove! Creek. 15 miles for casting. Hunting-
plenty of game In surrounding mountains-
grouse, quail, deer and bear. EDSON BROS..
Proprietors, Beswlck. Slskiyou County. CaL
INDEPENDENCE LAKE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate.
Cae fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est, no poison oak. no peats. An Ideal apot
for families. See "Tne Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS. independence Lake. CaL
Three miles from Uklah. The only place In th»
United States where vlchy water is abundant.
The only natural electric waters; champagne
bath: extraordinary tonic properties. J. A.
REDEMEYER «: CO.. Vlchy Springs. Men>
doclno County. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS,
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS^ a^^
Springs: new management: a place of comfort
all seasons: 46 miles from S. F., via Tiburon
ferry. R. R. station on hotel grounds: exten-
sive swimming tank: $10 50 and up per week;
round trip $1 10 on Sunday. COOPER & STFW-
ART, A?ua Callente. CaL Lonff-dlstance phone.
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. rt. It. Plain,
quiet retreat; finest scenery, water, mountain
air, fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia: ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 12H miles from San Francisco: $3 a
week: open all year: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
Orchard Springs, .
IS THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIEKRA NE-
The Plnco >op Rest and Health.
dTAfr*C HOT SPRINGS. SOXOMJ
O IV t\ VI VI O County; only 4Vi hour
from Sun Francisco and but nine miles o:
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues
best natural bath In State: grand mountair
scenery: gocd trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph: dally mall and express; FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAOE SERVICE;
morning and afternoon stages; round trip from
San Francisco only K> 50. Take Tlburon ferrj
at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Terms. 12 a aay 01
$12 a week. References — Any guest of the pasl
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
SISSON TrtVERN.
Where Shasta'a summit, clad in enow.
Smiles down on Nature's broad expanse.
Far from the chilling summer fops and free
from winds and dust and heat. SISSON TAY-
ERK. 3300 feet above the sea level, on the ever-
green slopes of Shasta, Is the lrleal spot for a
summer vacation. Near It the jrreat forests of
pine and cedar and hemlock, around it a wide
expanse of meadows, about il the perfect
beauty of Pha.sta.
For the Idler— rest. For the hunter— the great
game of the mountains. For the angler— the
ralmon and the trout in the headwaters of the
Sacramento and the Klamath. ALL AT SIS-
SON'S DOOR. The tavern is new and fresh
and clean, with every modern comfort. The
railway bring-s one almost to the door. Where
Nature is her grandest, come and learn l|pw
grand her inspirations are. Rates. $10 to $12
per week. $2 50 per day. Guides and horses
for mountain climblnsr. MRS. M. L. SISSON.
Proprietor, Sisson, Cal.
GEORGE P. SXELL. Met., San Jose. Cal
San Jose Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is Its most attractive, feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions reached over perfect
roads. liotel thoroughly modern and flrst-claa3
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery St.. Saa
Francisco, or address
Central California
Illustrated booklet and further Information
of FRANK W. ELY, City Agent.
Tel. Red 2336, 640 Market St.. S. F.
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.. Paso Robles, Cal.
Special round-trio rebate tickets.
Ha can do more business and keep the
health that Is worth more than any busi-
ness.
X HOT SPRINGS
Business Man's Wife:
Tell your husband to to take a vacation.
and to tak« the famous baths at
Try...
Coronado Beach.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO
Is a Perfectly Delightful
Country Summer Home.
Get 'Special Summer Rates.
Inquire About It at
628 MARKET STREET,
San Francisco.
Or of
E. S. BABCOCK. Manager.
Coronado Beach. CaL
K. X. BYAN. Gaol Phi. Agt
Those who intend to take
their vacation during July or
August, and those who may not
have thought of a rest, but
should do so, can now easily
find the desired accommoda-
tions.
Call for "VACATION.- a
little book just issued by the
company, giving Camping Lo-
cations, Hotels, Mineral Spring
Resorts, and a list of one hun-
dred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes where Board for the
Summer can be secured at from
$5.00 to $8.00 per week-
Ticket Office. SM Markat rt.
(Chronicle building).
General Office. Mutual Lif»
building. Sansome and California.
its.. San Francisco. ' r'
H. 0. WHITING, Oeaord Kaa»gsr.
A vacation does not usually
extend beyond two or three or
four weeks, so that many of
those who have been sojourn-
ing during the past month at
the various resort3 along the
California Northwestern Rail-
way are returning to their
Call on LEE D. CRAIG, S16 Montgomery st..
or address CRAIG It WARNER. Highland
Springs. Cal.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
COMPETENT MAS3AQISTS.
Finest Deer Hunting in the County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral aod Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
DANCINO six nights of the we»k. GOLF.
Tennis, Bowling. Cement Swimming Tanks.
ACP.ES of Shady Groves and MILES of
Shady Walks.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
THAT 'WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
OF STAGINO.
AND ONLY S.s.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
CAN YOU , GO WITH ONLY J£ HOURS
WHERE
Losses ' adjusted and unpaid $ 1.263 54
Losses In process of adjustment or in
suspense 21.942 65
Gross premiums on fire risks runnlne
one year or less. $U2.9fi3 41; rein-
"iurance 50 per cent i6.4S2 11
Gross premiums on flre rlfks running
more than one year. $123,537 91; re-
insurance pro rata ib.iM 57
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. etc. 3,495 32
All ether demands against the com-
pany 12.. o3 48
.Total liabilities ..$131.597 53
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums ..., $213,S01 17
Received for Interest and dividends on , .
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 22.176 17
Received from all other sources 1.0SO CO
Total Income S237.067 34
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (ln-
clutline $17,200 66. losses of previous
j-eara) $112,561 41
Dividends to stockholders 1S.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or bro-
kerage 46.643 44
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc .15.13161
raid for State, national and local
taxes 8.405 73
All other payments and expenditures. 36,730 84
Total expenditures ...'. S26O.53S 13
Losses incurred during the year, fire.. $133.170 50
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Xet amount o* risks
written during the year $26,940,252 $279,104 04
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 21.6S1.9C7 233.S32 71
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1S99 gg.273.704 2TS.S03 32
FRANCIS PEABODY. President.
HENRY S. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of February. 1900.
GEORGE M. AMERIGE. Notary Public
CAPITAL. " ;>*.¦:
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash .... $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and ¦.;
bonds owned by the company.-. $364,679 73
Amount of leans secured by pleJse of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 15.000 00
Cash in company's office -0.604 34
Cash in banks 14.9S4 62
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 2,909 49
Premiums in due course of collection.. 32,'Jal 13
Due from other comrianlea for rein-
surance on losses already paid 664 21
Total assets ..{636.743 53
LIABILITIES.
INSURANCE- COMPANY
OF BOSTON IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
CHUSETTS, on the 31st day' of December,
A. D. 1S99. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of Calirornia, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
—OF THE—
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings :
comfortable rooms; «^>od table: convenient
location. Address F. QUIEN. Olen Ellen. Cal.
RUPTURE CURED.
Until August 15.
"Write for Terms.
SPECIAL RATES
E. B. NELSON, Manager.
OLEMA, MARIN COUNTY, CAL.
OLEMA HOTEL,
The ivater3 are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout, Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all DladJer and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths— refitted and Improved. ' Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. $12 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F., 9 a.
m and 2:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gllroy
for springs. For illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
OILROY HOT SPRINGS
FAMOUS
BACCS &STOVEL,
General Agents,
411 CALIFORNIA STKEET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
PALATINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. OX THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1S39, and for the
year endlnc on that day, as made to the In-
Burance Commissioner of the Smte of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages $ 60,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company 1,976,336 00
Cash in company's office :. 13.323 90
Cash In banks 1S7.473 19
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortRagea S39 00
Premiums in due course of collection 399.212 24
Total assets $2,637,777 33
LIABILITIES. —-—-•—
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 62.663 77
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 209,511 91
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 35,604 34
Gross ptemlums on flre risks running
one year or less. $l.927.9:i9 44: re-
Insurance £0 per cent 99S.973.f2
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year. $1,100,277 84; re-
Insurance pro. rata 606.679 44
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 1.6S5 91
All other demands against the com-
pany 124.444 63
Total liabilities $2,035,569 72
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $2,2S7,631 38
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages A 3,SS0 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 93,046 23
Received for profit on sale of se-
curities 27.430 33
Total income $2.413,6S7 94
;;;•'•. EXPENDITURES. !
Net amount raid for flre losses (In-
cluding $203,321 03. losses of pre-
vious years) $1,530.505 97
Paid or allowed i for commission or
brokerage 517.S5S 06
Paid for salaries, feea and other
charses for of fleers, clerks, etc 137.94191
Paid for State, national and local
taxeo 50.011 12
All other payments and expenditures 103.616 f<-
Total expenditures $2,353,940 62
Losses Incurred during the year, flre. .$1.637.502
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year $2S9.433,342 $2,924,300 96
Net amount of risks
expired during the •*•
year ." 241.764,266 2.474,920 53
'Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1899 309.E75.303 3.013.237 2S
WJt WOOD. Manaeer.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
day of January. 1900.
E. S. INNET. Notary Public.
CARLSBAD E N R G A s L .
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. "W'atara
unsurpateed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
asd bladder affections. Accommodations nrst
class; $10 a week: lighted by gas.
W R. McGOVERN. Kelseyvllle. Laku Co.
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums $1,009,355 73
Received for intersst on Bonds and
Mortgages 84,787 34
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from .
all other eources 55,713 35
Received for Rents 2,797 It
Total Income $1,152,653 C3
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Flre Losses (In-
cluding $25,776 07. losses of previous
years) $389,299 bO
Dividends to Stockholders 61.690 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 147.818 42
Paid for Salaries, Feea. and other
charges fof officers, clerks, etc.... 66,24122
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes SI. 946 83
All other payments and expenditures 63,357 S7
Total Expenditures $760,353 »5
Fire. .
LOSSES incurred during the year.. ..$448,570 30
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
i .___^___ .——————
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year J26O.C0S.936 $1,436.642 99
Net amount of RlBks
expired during the
year... 249,450,454 1.461,128 27
Net amount In force
December 31, 1899... 259,231.717 2.672,300 86
E.O. DOREMUS; President.
JAS. H. WORDEN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of January, 1800. ." .-
HENRY H. DAWSOX,
Notary Public.
TH OS. J. CON ROY,
Mpjiager.
CEO. W. BROOKS,
Assistant Manager.
SE. Corner California and . Sansome Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
The Weekly Cal
; $1 per Year* •
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In "'-v
Cash $600.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company J272.K9 20
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.700,261 75
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 1.1S8.7C0 P0
Cash In Company's Office 2.2CC .'(
Cash in lianks 75.6SS 64
Interest due and accrued on all •
Stocks and Loans 12,660 41
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 27.063 77
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 14S.963 11
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 55,107 57
Rents due and accrued 1,501 23
Due from other Companies for Re-
. Insurance on losses already paid.. 7.844 40
Total Assets $3,543,144 71
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid $11,767 14
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 7I,*?7 50
Losses resisted, including expenses... 2,000 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $348,903 7S;
reinsurance 50 per cent 274.451 S3
Gross premlurr* on Fire Risks run-
ning more 'than one year, $2,123,-
437 08: reinsurance pro rata 1,141.330 r,3
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 4,547 60
All other demands against the Com-i, ;^
pany 25.557 99
, Total Liabilities $1,532.60165
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1S&9. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner cf tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. " ¦:
AMERICAN
—OF THE—
STATEMENT
1 —OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Principal Office — 439 California St.
SAN FRANCISCO..
CHAS. A. LATON, Manager.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
'BAN FRANCISCO.
BUTLER & HALDAN,
General Agents for Pacific Coast,
& r J)
MARKET ST. SJ^SuS^
Uenlo Cal. Superior advantages lor the
care and training of boys, and young men.
Cbarmlnsr sorroundlr.ffi. perfect climate. Tca-.h
year becina Aurust «• Bend for cataloeua.
JHA O..H0ITX Ph. D.. PrlndpaU .
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
1 9Rft MARKET ST.— Actual business book-
1 XmX»\9 keeping; only expert accountants
• nd reporters as teachers. Uregg shorthand,
tb* easiest, fastest and most readable. Day
and evening.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Formerly University Academy, Alameda. ha*
teen removed to Irvington. Site of tuteen
acres: remarkably beautiful: climate unsur-
I>af>R»d. Inspection <if bulMlngm and crounds ln-
vltod. IV. W. AXDERSON. Principal.
It is universally acknowledged that these
hotels possess the attributes that appeal
to particular people — undoubte'd luxury and
comfort, unsurpassed cuisine and service
and superior appointments and location.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plans.
GRAND HOTEL
IBVTNQ INSTITUTE.
Hearting and day school for young ledtes, 21?«
California H.. will reopen August «. 1900. Ac-
rredited to the Universities: primary department
for children: rnrrlare will call. REV. ED-
WARD B. CHURCH. A. M.. Principal..
PALACE HOTEL
NEWSPAPER 'SKa*™
Illustration. PARTTNGTON'S resumes August
1. Day and night classes. Apply R, L. PART-
INGTON. 424 Pine et.. S. F.
MllNSftN SCHftfll OFSHORTHAND.TYP-
lilUftjUn OvKi'UL. ixg, BOOKKEEPING
A.ND SPANISH. Y. M. C. A. BMd.g. Day and
eienlng rtudents admitted any time. Lesnons
by ma.ll. MR?. E. M. CARPENTER, nuccesoor
to M. K. Phillips.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
GRAXTS DIPLOMAS AND CONFERS DB-
grees; seminary course accredited to tbs
Universities: rare opportunities effered In tnuslc
¦ rt and elocution. Write for catalogue to MRS*
C. T. MILL6. Pre«.. Mills College P. O.. CaL
Thirty fifth year: fall term opens Au«r. S. 19M.
POLYTECHNIC gg?L N Ec s E s ,.
Has the largest and best equipped departments
in the West. Regular business and shorthand
course. Students may enter at any time. AU
graduates In responsible positions. Free cata-
logue. Oakland. Cal.
1S4S Jackson et., San Francisco. Boacdlng and
Day School for Girls. Accredited to the Univer-
sity of California. Inland Stanford Jr. XJnlver-
rity. Vassar and Smith Colleges. Reopens Au-
gUFt 6. 1900. SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principal.
HAM LIN SCHOOL r»nd
VAN NESS SEMINARY.
ST, MATTHEW'S KIL S L ,
EAN MATEO. CAL. For catalogue and Illus-
trated clrr-ular address
REV. W. A. BRKU'1-JR. A. B.. Rector.
It i* deMred to correct an erroneous Impres-
sion that Trinity School has been discontinued.
It will open as umal M<~»TDAY, August 6.
Only boys of good monl character are taken.
O. S. MEAD, C203 Central ave.
TRINITY SCHOOL. SS
SAN PAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Rooms, Gymnasium. Military' Drill.
Ktc
CHRISTMAS TERM KEGTNi* AUGTTST 14TH.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Piin-lpal.
Hitchcock School,
STUDIES will be resuraed WEDNESDAT.
Ausrust 1st. 1900.
BRO. ERMINOLD. President-
OAKLAND, GAL.
SMASH COLLEGE
THE California Fchool of Design will RE-
OPEN on MONDAY. August 6. Tuition
fees in drawing, painting and modeling. f37 50
per term or J10 per month. Xlght class — Life,
$16 per term or $5 per month; antique, $10 per
term or $3 per month. Saturday class, $12 per
term or U rer month.
For further particulars apply at school, cor-
ner Pine and Mason streets.
J. R. MARTIN, Assistant Secretary.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART.
24 POST STREET, San Francisco,
EftabliEhed over a third of a century: has a
catlonai reputation, and was one of the few
schools selected to represent the development
Cf ccmrr»rclal education at the Paris Exposi-
tion: over 17.000 rraduates successfully apply-
ing their knowledge: 200 jrraduate» annually
placed In pofltlona; 25 teachers: open the entlrt
year; new 60-page catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
Total Income $2,269,832 84
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flre Losses (In-
cluding $194,502 00, losses of pre-
vious years) tl.491,634 71
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 178.398 94
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 123,531 W
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 69.520 94
All other payments and expenditures 491.520 94
Total Expenditures $2,554,607 16
Fire!
LOSSES Incurred during the year...$l.C4S.793 85
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written during the
year $380,134,394 $3,113.023 05
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 868,166,167 2.968,049 33
Net amount In force
December 31. 1899... 291.792,237 2.780,294 20
" A. D. IRVING.
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 1st
day ot February. 1900.
' GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
Total Liabilities '....$2,025.177 07
INCOME. ~~~
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums ..• $2,173,488 B4
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Rtocks, Loans, and from
all other sources $5,649 61
Received from all other sources 694 79
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $75,726 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 1S5.249 14
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 21,020 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ftlwr one year or less, $LS17,5."2 96;
reinsurance 50 per cent 758.776 43
Gros« premiums on Fire HlFks run-
ning more than one year, $1,262.-
741 24; reinsurance pro rata 754,884 S3
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc : 19.440 39
All other demands against the Com-
pany 200,580 CS
Total Assets S2.S35,815 36
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $2,22S,300 00
Cash In Company's Office 310 23
Cash In Banks 45,74125
Interest due nnd accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 23,105 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages, cash in hands of
United States Trustees 375,377 OT
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 157.163 75
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks 150 04
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.. E.C67 70
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON," ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1899. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
—OF THE—
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
UNITED STATES BBANCHL
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for fire losses (In-
cluding J56.9S9 54, losses of previous
years) $403,773 78
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage -.. V32,73G 54
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 28,911 03
Paid for Btate, national and local
ta«s .- 14.616 62
AH other payments and expenditures. 31,356 13
Total expenditures $G37.J54 to
Losses Incurred during the year, fire.. $133, 651 SI
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Xet amount of risks
written during the year J72.273.157 $731,223 43
Net amount of rl?ks
expired during the
year C1,769,S58 6S5.061 78
Net amount Jn force De-
cember 81, 1S39 60.893.193 675.S46 IS
ADOLPH LOEB. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and eworn to before me this 14th
day of February. 1&00.
HARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $557,150 89
Received !nr Interest and dividends on
bonds,- FtorkF. leans, and- from all
other sources 24.434 4S
Ret-ctved from home office 86,037 tO
Total Income $C67 612 97
Total liabilities $468,663 S9
Lo&ses adjusted and unpaid $ 33,419 72
Losses in process of adjustment or in
puppense 44,716 01
Losses resisted, including expenses.... S.804 3S
Gross premiums on flre rlfks running
one, year or less. $125,214 £2; rein-
surance 50 per cent 212,607 26
Gross premiums on fire ripks running
more than one year. $250. 531 66; rein-
surance pro rata 149,13118
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 22.SS5 28
ASSETS. ;'??, ;.;
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company {627,846 25
Cash in company's oftice 3,3«4 10
Cash in banks 60.262 21
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 7,255 S3
Certificate of deposit In hands of
trustees 37.000 00
Premiums in due course of collection. 85.062 02
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid E3S 24
Total assets $S30,928 63
LIABILITIES.
/ INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. OK THE &ST
day of December. A. D. 1S93. and for the
year endin? on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions ot sections C10
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed a« r*r
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
-OFVTHE- :^
Transatlantic Fire
STATEMENT
, —OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT IiESTOKATIVE.' 1NVIGORA-
¦tor and Nervine. •
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder: Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. , ALFS & BRUNE. Aeents. ,
S2S Market at.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.
PRIVATE HCWE & FCm
FI ' MflNTF HftTF! LiOS gatos. cai.—
EL 1H UfllE llU ILL, Beautiful grounds,
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. . Large sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free bus meets every train; S3 inilea
from San Francisco. Fare SI 63.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM- .ST 1 !*
Napa Valley. The Institution has all tha ad-
\&.nta#es of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular. Addreas
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena, CaL
The most attractive place in Lake County to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing. bowl-
Ing, tennis, livery, new -walks, etc. Write for
circular to II. WAMBOLD,
Laurel Dell, Lake County, CaL
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
THE GEYSCRS. g-~ '<
'- ONE OF NATURE'S WONDKK3.
Natural steam baths. nwimmlng. flshlns.
huntintr and livery. Write tor pamphlet. I.
WERTHE1MER, Manager.
DR. HALL'S 3fclNVIG0RAT0Rp?§fS3
Five hundred reward for any
case we cannot cure. This secret Qua L*<3
remedy stops all losses in 21 hours. 5 I*
cures Emissions. Impotency. Vart- <VS?1 Pcii
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, ¦ Fits, ?vP F*Tf
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all }-¦(.'•' f^Ui-
wasting- effects uf. eelf-abuse or i£3 K^
excesses. Sent sealed. J2 bottle; 3 WsSHsSpSi
bottles, $.>: guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855
Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073<4
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. "Send for free book.
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families. First-class table. All kinds of
dairy produce. Fine Epring water. Rates $7
up. Send for circular. C. H. W. BRUXIN'G.
Santa Rosa, Cal.
WALDRUHE,
Or 114JV Broadway. New York City.
G'-O Market St.. San Francisco,
When we *ay "rapture cured" we mean it.
for It Is a fact that during the past 20 yean
DR. PIKTJCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousand.* of cases. Nothing etas
like It. Best retainer made. It does tne work.
Investigate for yourself, crcall for "Book-
let No. 1." or send 2 cents In stamps. Ad-
"magnetic elastic truss go,,
BLUE LAKES,
Lake" Co. : fine fishing, boating, bathing and
hunting: in the heart of the mountains. Tne
best table in Lake Co. Address O. WE1S-
MAN, Mtdlake P. O.. Luke Co., Cal.
Kenihvorth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly first class.
For terms apply to MRS. P. J. MARTINA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INSURANCE COMPANY
|")F NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NETV
,V1 Tork, on the 81st day of December, A. D.
«s»», and for the year ending on that day. aa
m y^* Insurance Commissioner of the
btate of California, pursuant to the Provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash '... $400,000 00
ASSETS.
Loa i ns »r on Bond s and Mortgages.... J14.600 00
Z h * Iarke t Valus of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,022. J« 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
cf Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 25,000 00
Cash In Company's Office 8,771 27
Cash in Banks.... 116.5S1 02
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3.456 66
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 83 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 248.6S2 42
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 9,419 %
Total Assets $1.451.834 04
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 135.425 75
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense C5.646 tt
Losses resisted, including- expenses.. 6.410 36
Gross premiums on Flre Ricks run-
ning one year or less, $720,454 34;
reinsurance 50 per cent 800,227 K
Gross premiums on Fire RlFks run-
ning more than one year, $313.-
294 05; reinsurance pro rata 183,995 B6
All other demands against the Com-,
pany 63.088 01
Total Liabilities $71»,933 83
INCOME. ~ "
Net caah actually received for Fire
premiums $794.166 85
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 725 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loan*, and from
all other sources 56.363 30
Total Income $831.260 73
EXPENDITURES. ~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Lenses (In-
cluding $42,333 93, losses of previous
years) $4$6.140 16
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Urokerage 154.760 54
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 5S.374 83
Paid for State, National, and Local
taxes 23. 743 73
All other payments and expenditures 53,500 G«
Total Expenditures $776,519*7
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year.... $510,577 i3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks] >
written during the
year $165,463,094 $1,200,235 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 1I5.B80.506 842.936 12
Net amount In force
December 31. 1S99... 139,238.165 1.033. 74S 39
GEO. R. A. YOUNG. President
WALTER S. ALLEY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 9th
day of February. 1900. GEO. H. COREY,
Commissioner for California.
filial Ba B 1 I Url I « a I i » ""
—OF THE—
STATEMENT
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
TIFULThis fable teaches how extremely Theo
retical is the Average Reformer.— Detroit
Journal. . ,:
Once upon a time there was. a Temper
nnce Advocate who was arguing that the
People would have better Health if they
abstained from Alcoholic Beverages.
"Vote Prohibition," he exclaimed In this
connection, "and your drug stores will all
go out of business!" . , -:¦¦•,
Fable.
Eccentric or Crazy P
"Tour Uncle Ezekiel Is crazy, isn't he?"
asked Fosdick of Tenspot.
"Not at all: he's only eccentric." replied
Tenspot. "Why. he's worth $2.000,000 r>
It came to pass In process of time that
Uncle Ezekiel died and was buried, and
Fosdick remarked to Tenspot, "I see by
the papers that your eccentric uncle left
his entire fortune to/charity."
"Eccentric?" repeated Tenspot disgust
edly. "Ho was as crazy as a loon."—
Judge.
A Liberian woman can command tho
services of her sons-in-law for certain du
ties, and whatever their obligations may
be they must obey her. Girl babies are
welcomed. In consequence, among theso
Deoole."— Exchange.
. "A young mother is never allowed to
care for her own child, but la compelled
to give It to an older woman to be card
for. These nurses may be seer; cut of
doors any morning, siting on upright
sticks of wood, rubbing the insidf of the
babies' throats with pepper until the poor
lniants are half strangled and altogether
miserable with nausea. After this heroic
treatment they are laid to sleep on a floor
mat by the lire and the 'fittest* survive.
"He goes to the top of the house, takln.?
with him a horn, which he blows to call
the devil, because it Is he who is supposed
to tell who It Is that has returned to tha
world. The Libeiians believe that every
baby is some deceased member of the
family come back to live among them.
"When a child Is horn In Liberia some
member of the family is sent at once to
the devil doctor to Inquire who it is and
what its name shall be." says Misa Agnes
McAllister, who has had charge of the
Garraway Mission in Liberia for twelve
years.
CHILD LIFE IN LIBERIA.
It Is somewhat surprising to find how
frequently a scientific myth reappears In
the columns of the public prints, and it is
equally interesting to note that most
myths of this kind at least possess a nu
cleus of truth.
There is one statement which makes Its
appearance here and there almost with the
unvarying regularity of the sea serpent
chronicles. I allude to the idea that the
eye of a murdered person can retain the
image of the murderer, presumably as the
last reflection of the outer world the eye
received.
Yet there Is a scientific germ from which
such a notion may have taken Its origin.
In the retina, or nervous network of the
eye, exists a substance called "hodopsin,"
or "visual purple."
This coloring matter bleaches in the
light, but is rapidly replaced in the dark.
On this eye-purple, light, of course, haa
a specific effect, and an experiment of
Kuhnc serves to demonstrate the nature
of the interaction between the color and
light waves. , ¦'¦ \ ¦ - ¦ '¦ . "¦_¦¦ ;
Making a dark chamber of wood a hole
was bored and covered with a movable
curtain. Through this hole the light pen
etrated Into another chamber containing
a pane of ground glass, separated from
the hole by a considerable Interval. Over
the pane a chrome yellow paper was
placed. • • • •
Then the eye of an albino rabbit which,
previously to being killed, was kept in the
dark, was carefully removed, and, under a
light>which would not interfere with the
purple color, was placed against the'dia
phragm of the dark chamber.
The yellow curtain was taken away, and
the eye. after being exposed for five min
utes, was removed, and examined In order
to see if any image was developed there
in. After sundry trials Kuhne. by fixing
the purple, saw the divisions of a window
Myth Takes Its Origin.
A Scientific Germ From Which a
THE PURPLE' OF THE EYE.
representing the image that had been re
ceived by the eye.
The purple color, however, has to bo
fixed, as photographers say. by the ad
dition to it of a solution of alum
Physiologists tell us that the eye purple
Is not essential for sight, for we reallv
see most clearly with the part of the
retina where no purple exists.
We must conclude that the color forms
a kind of background for vision in fact
rather than an essential condition of vis-
Ion. But the fleeting images which the
purple of the eye may form of things
seen, it is evident, can bear no relation to
the wondrous tales which the modern de
tective story, calling to its aid the results
of scientific research, founds on the pho
tograph of the murdered person's eve-
London Express. '
Indians, he hurried Inland as fast as h«
could go to find an Indian town as full of
gold and precious stones as those which
welcomed Pizarro in Peru. With the
characteristic stupidity of his infamous
predecessors, he relied upon the sword
to conquer a country which might have
been secured by kindness. The first batch
of Indian captives was flung to blood
hounds, though upon the chief the kinder
torment was inflicted of an amputated
nose. The Indian arrows, the dismal
swamps, the tangled forests, the smother
ing heat, the fever-breeding climate, th«
scarcity of food, turned them back »t
last, and the survivors reached the gull
near the mouth of the Mississippi— the
most of them to perish in the fierce
"northers." still a menace to the sailora
on the mighty gulf.
Fernando de Soto had been with Cor
dova at Nicaragua and had had a haml
in the conquest of Peru. Made Governor
of Cuba in 1537. he offered at his own ex
pense to redeem the unkept promise of
Narvaez and was authorized by his sov
ereign to conquer and occupy the lan<i
embraced within the patent of his pre
decessor. In May of 13.1S he anchored at
Tampa, within sight of the spot whem
eleven years before Narvaez had set out
on his ill-starred expedition. Though D<»
Soto had roundly blamed Pizarro for his
horrid treatment of the Inca. and though
he knew full well the baneful conse
quence of the foolish, faithless policy of
Narvaez toward the natives De Soto
proved just as silly and as cruel. No
indignity was too fiendish for him to try
upon hapless men and women who fell
into his clutches, and in consequence h<*
had to fight his way inch by inch across
the country, through the hostile Creeks,
no mean antagonists even for the armored
and firearmed Spaniards. Before relent
less hostility the Spaniards slowly melted
away, and after a desperate fight In the
autumn of 1541. near the site of Mobile,
where De Soto lost 170 of his men. the en«l
seemed near, even to the most sanguine
and most sanguinary. On to the Missis
sippi they pushed, barely escaping anni
hilation in a furious engagement with the
Chlckasaws. The El Dorado of their
fancy still eluded them, though they must
have penetrated far beyond th? Missis
sippi. Wounded In battle, weakened by
suffering and disease, disheartened by his
failure to find gold and his inability to
found a colony. De Roto at last onlrrs
the building of two brigantines. in which
his party may float down the Mississippi
and from its mouth make back to Cuba.
The work was hardly under way when
the commander died of fever May 21, 13i_*.
and was buried In the Mississippi, lest tha
Indians should wantonly desecrate the
grave. A year later the few survivors of
a cause forever and deservedly lost made
their way to the Mexican coast and sent
the doleful new3 of their undoing to Ha
vana.
After this the colonizing 1 of the New
World languished for a while. The Span
lards had nothing to show for all their
pains except the lasting pain of mortify
ing failure. Instead of gold they hail
nothing but experience, by which neither
then nor In the recent government of
Cuba have they ever profited. For the life
of them they could see no good reason
for holdlns Florida, and when In the au
tumn of 1561 Philip II announced that he
would encourage no further attempts to
colonize the country every one was glad
to have an end of unsuccessful efforts :¦¦»
find gold where there was no gold and to
deal with natives who could give a good
account of themselves.
LYMAN P. POWELL.
Philadelphia.
Around the name of Juan Ponce de Leon
there is the halo of a rich romance. Of
noble pedigree, a companion of Columbus
on his second voyage, a rather famous
soldier of fortune already past the hey
day of his youth and growing old and
blase. Ponce de Leon added to Spanish
love for gold an insatiate desire to be
young enough to extract from gold Its
full dellsht. In his earlier dais he had
The Spaniards used not merely poor
judgment in the solution of their coloniz
ing problem; they used no judgment at
all. They sent out foolish, weak and
graceless men to deal with concerns that
required men wise and strong and true,
and they gave to all the "Christian scoun
drels" they sent out carte blanche to go
where they pleased and do aa they liked.
The -Jamestown settlers were overeager
for gold, but there was a John Smith
ready at the proper moment to reduce the
chaos to some order. The Dutch were
ciiiefly interested in the economic value of
the new America, but they were not
averse to work or to trade for their re
ward. The pilgrim fathers, in the well
known playful words, first fell upon their
knees and then upon the aborigines, but
this was just a fleck upon the fair fame
of the settlers of New England. The
Spanish explorers had no redeeming
traits. Cruel, lazy, greedy, they came
hither for the solitary purpose of dis
covering gold, and the gilding of their
greed with pious professions of devotion
to the cross made It the more nauseating.
Never caring to make a home or to found
a nation, they were impatient to despoil
the land of all its gold and then sail back
to Spain to be flattered and envied by a
people always overfond of the tinsel and
the glitter of this life of ours. The men
who packed Mexico. and Peru, who tram
pled the best development of Indian civ
ilization to pieces under the hard hoofa
of cruel conquest, who worked the soft
inhabitants of the adjacent islands to
death and replaced them by black men
captured in the wilds of Africa, were Just
gold hunters, nothing more. And Span
ish colonization was in consequence fore
doomed to failure.
Columbus was the worthiest of all the
men that Spain sent out. and he was not
a Spaniard. Vasco Nunez de Balboa, call
ed inaccurately Balboa by English writ
ers is tha most attractive of all the un
attractive Spaniards who came hither. A
bankrupt and a rebel, he crossed the
ocean In 1501 to repair his fortune by good
luck - To escape imprisonment for debt
In Haiti he took passage concealed In a
cask In an outbound vessel, and when the
vessel was wrecked off Darien he led a
revolt against the captain. Encisco, who
had spared his life, deposed Encisco and
made himself by the force of an unscrupu
lous character commander of the com
pany. One day while on a foraging ex
pedition not far from the present town of
Colon, an Indian chief, observing the
greed of the Spaniards, told them of a
vast ocean to the westward where gold
was as plentiful as pebbles on the shore.
Here was at last the chance for Vasco
Nunez to repair his wasted fortune, re
trieve his ruined reputation and atone for
his great treason. September. 1513. he
left Darien with nearly 200 men, blood
hounds and Indian guides. He fought his
way with needless cruelty through tribes
of hostile Indians, "hewing them In pieces
as the butchers do flesh in the shambles"
or giving them over to the dogs, which
tore them limb from limb "as If they were
wild bores or Hartes." On September 23
he found himself on the crest of the Cor
dilleras, not far from the line of the pre
sent Panama railroad, while at the base
glittered for many a mile a waste of un
known waters which" Vasco Nunez, albeit
he fell upon his knees in awe. could not
have dreamed was the largest ocean on
the globe. Wading out Into the water to
his waist he took possession of it In the
name of Spain and called It Mar del Sur,
or South Sea. to distinguish It from the
Mar del Norte, as the Spaniards termed
the Caribbean. Vasco Nunez made several
voyages along the Pacific coast and fell
a victim to the fears and jealousies of
a rival, the Governor of Darien, who had
him beheaded in 1517. ~
sown.
For in thy pride of strength
Thou didst the kingdom of the mind disown
And so art sunk at length.
ways In the long run paid to the utter
most the hard penalty of the witless and
vicious policy she allowed her colonizers
to initiate and to follow, to her and their
undoing. From the very moment the
lonely followers of De Soto sunk his
weighted remains in the midnight dark
ness to the bottom of the Mississippi River
the lines Professor W. P. Trent wrote in
1S9S have been veraciously accurate:
Thire hour is come, a stronger race
Succeeds and thou must fall.
Thy pride but adding to thy sad disgrace
As wormwood unto call.
And yet thou hast but reaped what thou hast
FERNANDO DE SOTO.
But they were never good colonizers.
With them colonization was always, in
the words of Swinburne, "a hideous and
Boeotian jest." Where other nations
achieved at least a moderate success the
Spaniards never lost a chance to make
an arrant failure. Not one of their ex
periments, viewed In the larger light of
history, could by any warrant of imag
ination Tje,<ralled a real success. Not only
dld the riatives whom they found suffer
grievously, but the mother country al-
In temperament and training the Span
ish people seemed suited to the task of
exploration. For many years they had
been at war with the Moors, and in the
school of war had learned to take blows
as well as to give them. Inured to the
hardships of campaigning, they were
ready to bear their full share of the trials
of the pioneer. Their love of adventure
was now at Its full and the strain of bo
hemlanism in their blood was now most
evident and most imperative. To leave
home and kindred and country made few
demands upon their feelings. Most of
them could set sail without a pang and
with none of the anticipatory dread of the
homesickness which under the modern
name of nostalgia did great damage to
our soldiers In Cuba and the Philippines.
Fierce adventurers that fell on kingdoms
for their prey, the Spaniards seemed of
all the European peoples to be just the
men to open up the new world to settle
ment.
heard, of course, the Oriental stories of a
fountain where the oldest might renew
hi3 youth. Possibly he had read the spu
rious letter of old Prester John, who
vowed he could commend the fountain,
because he had tried it once himself.
When word came to -Ponce de Leon in
Porto Rico that the long-sought fountain
was now at last located, that Indiana
said it could be found in an island called
Eiminl, northward of Hispaniola. he could
scarcely wait the coming of King Ferdi
nand's consent for him to> hasten off to
have his bath. Wealthy enough to bear
the whole expense, he set sail on his pa
thetic voyage with three caravels in
March. 1313, and disembarking at the Ba
hamas the aged cavalier and his com
panions tried every lake, stream, rivulet
and spring, and then in disappointment
hastenod\on their way to make their real
landfall, not Easter morning, as some his
torians say. but six days later, April 2.
near the site of St. Augustine. He tar
ried long enough to name the country
Florida, to find the story of the fountain
all a myth, to cruise a while among the
neighboring islands, and then at last to
return to Porto Rico, still white-haired
and wrinkled and a little older. In 1321
he came out once again to found a col
ony, but his landing was disputed by the
Indians, and he received a wound In the
thigh from an arrow, which sent him to
Cuba, there to die a death of prolonged
suffering.
A yet more formidable and if possible
more disastrous attempt to take posses
sion of the country was made in 1323 by
Panphilo de Narvaez. Appointed to suc
ceed Cortez. the conqueror of Mexico. h«
landed en the coast of Florida in tha
spring of 152S. and fired by Pineda's men
tion of gold ornaments on the Mississippi
Invitation Accepted to Attend King
Humbert Memorial Exercises.
New License Order for
Concert Sails.
When the ordinance exempting certain
municipal funds from the provisions of
the one-twelfth clause in the charter came
up for final passage at yesterday's meet
ing of the Board of Supervisors It was
opposed by Brandenstein, .who took the
stand that it was an illegal measure. In
that it violated a specific requirement of
the charter.
"We have absolutely no right to do
this," said Brandenstein, "and I move as
an amendment that the ordinance be sub
mitted to the City Attorney for his opin
ion as to its validity."
The motion was lost, however, only the
mover and BraunhaSrt voting in favor of
it.- The measure was finally passed,
Brandenstein and Braunhart dissenting.
The appropriations which will not be sub
jected to the one-twelfth provision are:
Clerks Board of Equalization, municipal re
ports. Auditor's extra clerks for computing and
extending taxes, etc*, and working on assess
ment roll. Fourth of July celebration, observ
ance of Memorial day, urgent necessities, li
cense taes and blanka. Assessor's extra depu
ties. Tax Collector's extra clerks, publishing
delinquent tax list, printing transcripts on ap
peal. Grand Jury expenses, examination of
public utilities. Improvement of Trocadero
Gulch, providing: quarters for hospital nurses,
abstracts of title In Panhandle district, emer-
Rency appropriation for smallpox hospital,
election expenses, appraisers of the Panaardle
district, specific appropriation in the paiit fund.
[The following invitation from the ex
ecutive committee for the commemoration
of King Humbert's death was received
and accepted:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors: The
executive committee for the commemoration of
Kins Humbert's death has the honor of in
viting you to be present at the ceremony,
which will take place at Metropolitan Temple
August 9, at 1 i). m. TVe confidently await a
favorable or.swtr. assuring you that your ac
ceptance will be highly appreciated by the
Italian colony. Respectfully yours^ for the
committee, F. CAVAGN'ARO, President.
G. ALMAGIN, Secretary.
Th© resolution ordering the reconstruc
tion of the wharf or plank roadway on
that portion of Spear-street wharf be
between Bryant and Harrison streets at
an estimated cost of $6180 was referred to
the City Attorney to determine the liabil
ity, if any, of the city to the State in
case of damage done the State wharf in
the event of the work being carried out.
The ordinance imposing a license of $15
per quarter on runners and solicitors an>i
charging the sum of $1 50 for their badges
was finally adopted.
An ordinance was passed to print im
posing a graduated license on proprietors,
managers or owners of any place where
spirituous, malt or fermented liquors or
wines are furnished to be drunk on the
premises in quantities of one quart or
more and imposing a penalty for Its vio
lation. The ordinance is intended to
especially apply to concert halls where
liquors are sold. For those whose grosa
-receipts do not exceed $5000 per quarter
the license shall be $5 per quarter, and
exceeding $5000, $10 per quarter. Each
license issued under the provisions of tha
ordinance shall be known as a "regulation
liquor dealer's license" and shall be good
for a period of three months.
A resolution was adopted whereby the
printed forms for the various city de
partments the bids for which were re
jected pending injunction proceedings
shall hereafter be purchased in open mar
ket. The board in making the purchases
shall be guided as to the prices to be
paid therefor by the rates heretofore
listed in the original bids submitted.
An ordinance was passed to print em
powering the Board of Public Works to
issue permits to persons and corporation*
to use the public streets while erecting
temporary structures, stringing wires for
the purpose of Illumination and making
decorations during the semi-centennial
celebration of California's admission to
the Union.
Miscellaneous Business.
The resolution approving the action of the
Printing Committee in rejecting bids from
printers who are not entitled to use the label
ot the Allied Printing Trades Council was in
definitely postponed.
The cKlinjnce Imposing: license taxes on all
persons, firms and corporations engaged in the
business of loaning money at Interest, receiv
ing deposits, discounting notes and warrants
and which is especially aimed at monoy and
pawnbrokers, was indefinitely postpo.-io<i.
The ordinance providing for the maintenance
Of waste paper and litter boxes at convenient
locations upon public streets and public places
was indefinitely postponed.
The ordinance Imposing, a license of $3 per
year for each chair used In bootblack stands
upon the public streets and sidewalks, and re
quiring permits to be obtained from the Board
of Public Works, was passed to print
The balance remaining In the Bernal Park
fund amounting to $2441, was ordertd carried
to the general fund to be used for ihe further
improvement of the park. .... ,
The ordinance fixing gradea in the University
Mound district was passed to print.
An ordinance was passed empower'mr the
Board of Health to abate a nuisance ucM-jioned
by the dumping of sewage in the d'strict
bounded by San Bruno avenue, Bryant, Twen
ty-sixth and Army streets.
A resolution was adopted reciting Mat It be
the suioc of the board that an ordinance regu
lating the granting of permits for special
prl%-llefres. and conforming where practicable
and permissible to the provision of the char
ter and the, orders and ordinances at present
in force be prepared by the CUrK nnd sub
mitted to the board for its approval.
After the reading of the report of the Com
mittee on Public Utilities regarding its In
vestigation into plans for a municipal Hunt
ing plant, Chairman Reed lnfo/nuJ the boar J
that the committee will meet this evening for
the purpose, of determining which plan wili be
submitted to the people at the next election.
An ordinance was passed to print authorizing
the Board of Public Works to enter into a
contract for the repairing of public streets
paved with bituminous rock or asphalt as
per specifications prepared and approved by said
board; also to expend a sum not to exceed
J1S.000 for the performance of certain street
Referred to Committees.
The following communications and petitions
were referred to committees:
Federation of Mission Improvement >Clubs,
stating that the association favors the grant
ing of the franchise to the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Railroad on Illinois street, if the
company will put a drawbridge over Islals
Creek; also requesting that the pound limits
be extended to the county line: also request
ing the repeal of the house-moving ordinance
and the license fee of $30 for conducting such
business.
Official Communications.
Communications from city departments and
officials were as follows:
Board of Public Works, recommendlnff that
the width of the sidewalk on Boyleston street,
northward from Sliver avenue, be changed from
thirteen to ten feet: from the Board of Healtlr.
reporting in favor of an ordinance prohlbitir.fr
papering or tinting walls of rooms without
first removing the old paper or tinting there
from: from Board of Public Works, transmit
ting an ordinance regulating the use of pub
lic streets and recommending Its passage; rrom
the Auditor, requesting immediate presentation
of the remaining last fiscal year's demands.
Street Work Recommended.
The Board of Public Works recommended
street work as follows:-
That the crossing of Thirtieth and Dolores
streets be paved with bituminous rock: that the
crossing of Thirtieth and Chenery streets be
similarly paved: that artificial stone sidewalks
be laid on the southeast and northwest corners
of Buchanan and Filbert streets; that Thirtieth
street, between Dolore* and Chenery, be paved
with bitumen, and that granite curbs be laid:
that Central avenue, between Page and Haight
and the crossing of Page street and Central
avenue, be paved with bitumen, and that grao-
Ite curbs be laid. •
Certain Appropriations Are
Exempted From Charter
Provisions.
ONE-TWELFTH
ACT VIOLATED
BY THE BOARD
EXODUS TO THE
CITY'S HALL DF
JUSTICE BEGINS
Sergeant McDonald Moves
Police Court Records to
New Quarters.
All . the Criminal Departments Will
Leave the City Hall Before
Another Month Has
Passed Away.
, .
The first definite movement toward oc
cupying the Hall of Justice, which was
recently accepted by the city, was made
yesterday when Sergeant Charles H. Mc-
Donald, who keeps the records of the Po
nce Courts, commenced to remove his
books and other paraphernalia to the new
building. The sergeant was the last to
leave the old hall seven years ago, and
ho will be the first to locate in the new
one.
While Superintendent of Public Build
ings Barnett has reported to the Board of
Public Works that the Hall of Justice la
in a filthy condition and that many of
the rooms are unfit for Immediate occu
pancy, the work of cleaning is being
prosecuted as rapidly as the limited
means at his command will permit. Trash
of all kinds has accumulated and it will
take at least three weeks to clear out the.
debris. Barnett said yesteraay that he
hoped that the apartments set aside for
the Police Courts and their accessories
would be in shape some time next week.
It is expected that all the criminal de
partmerts will be installed in the new
structure ..before another month. There
is corresponding rejoicing among the
property owners and shop keepers in the
vicinity as the long delay In finishing the
building has beeen. exasperating, to say
the least.
Expert Cyril Williams of the Board of
Supervisors has filed a statement of the
expenditures incurred in building the Hall
of Justice. Itshows that the sum of $10,000
remains, which is available to place the
building in a perfect condition. After
other claims are satisfied the Board of
Supervisors will appropriate segregated
amounts to pay for whatever improve
ments are considered necessary by the
architect.
Tax Collector Scott appointed the fol
lowing deputies yesterday from the civil
service list of eligibles: Gustave Levy,
James A. Code. Charles II. Coffey. Otlo
F Fiessen. 11. E. Styles, Edward J. Smith,
John M. Miller. P. T. O'Brien, A. L. Mor
genstein, Charles H. Megse, Allen H.
Brownie, Allen A. Garner, Frank Ret
tig«tein Henry F. Dunn. James E. Mur
phy Frank E. Metcalf, Charles K.
Squires, William J. Riley, George T.
Poultney, Francis X. Folz. George Mil
ler Edward Boland, John Whlto, Michael
Ryan, Percy Hennessy, Joseph I. Two
hig Albert A. Peterson, Edward C.
Havnes, Fred L. "vVaihel, Andrew J. Ford.
Clerks for Tax Collector.
FRANCHISE TO
USE ILLINOIS
STREET GIVEN
Valley Road Granted Right
to Tap Industrial
Sections.
Order Made for Printing After Cer
tain Additional Conditions Are
Imposed on the Corpora
tion by Supervisors.
The Board of Supervisors passed to print
yesterday an ordinance providing for a
|;rant for a period of forty-five years to
| le San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley Railway Company of a right of way
and the right to construct and operate a
railroad along Illinois street, from the
r.orth line of Fourth to the north line of
First avenue south.
The franchise is granted upon the ex
press conditions prescribed in the charter
end Eubje<a to other additional conditions.
One of iheVmer is that the railway com
pany will, at any time when required by
i esolution of the board, construct a draw
bridge across the waterway known as
I^Iais Creek Channel, to accom
modate tlie travel upon said street or any
other drawbridges ihat may be required
over any other channel which exists now
or may hereafter exist.
The work «>f construction must be com
menced and completed within two years
irom the passage <>f the ordinance, if the
corporation should ever grant, assign or
lease, or In any manner dispose of this
franchise or allow to any other common
carrier the use of the right of way thus
granted then the franchise shall cease
j.r.d all right? and privileges thereunder
eball be forfeited.
The ordinance was passed with an added
amendment presented by McCarthy,
which provides that the space between the
two inner lines of rails shall not exceed
f (>ven feet and that the rails shall be
placed at equal distance? on each side of
the centf-r line of the street.
It is also provided that if at any time
OurinK the term of the franchise the city
decide? that the operation of steam loco
motives Is not «lesirahle within the city
limits, the company will, upon written no
tice cf not less than one year to that
effect being served, withdraw all euch
ftram locomotives and substitute elec
tricity or pome other less objectionable
motive power.
It If further stipulated that the company
FhsJl scree that it will rot allow any car
<r locomotive to stand upon Illinois street
at any time day or night and that nr»
freight shall be received or discharged
from any car while upon the street, it
. "f x-inpr the express understanding that tho
j franchise 5s prantr.l lor the purpose at
¦ moving cars aiojijr the street to reach cer
tain points and the rights to use the street
or ar.y portion thereof for yard purposes
is absolutely prohibited.
A lonp discussion t iok pla^e over the
ordinance. Captain A. H. r*«iyson. vice
j'rosidont of the company, paid that the
franchise was asked for in rood faith and
that large sums would be expended on the
jroiect. There was r.n Intention to com
1 ire with the Southern Pncitic. but the
sarr:* 1 privileges rnjoyed by that corpora
tion should not be donied to its competi
tor. Attorneys Mullany and Stafford,
representing owners of ."W feet frontage
rn Illinois Ftreot, objected to the passage
of the ordinance on the ground that their
clients would not be ir.demnilied for dam
tfp-ps that mipht rr.»ult. Attorney Preston
rrprescruing the Valley Rnad assured the
protestants that the redress to which the
property owners were entitled was fully
recognized by th* company.
Will Hold Court Until Midnight To-
Morrow— Deputies for Precinct
Itegistration Appointed.
Judge William P. Lawlor will hold court
to-night and to-morrow night in Depart
ment No. 11, commencing at 7:30 o'clock,
for the purpose of naturalizing men who
are legally competent to become citizens.
Naturalization for the election in Xovm
f*r doses to-morrow at midnight The
l- ( ?istra'ion office will also be kept open
I; til midnight so that registration may
t>- accomplished immediately after nat
ur.iMza.tion.
The Board of Election Commissioners
nut last night and appointed 606 deputies,
"jually divided among the Republican and
J "moeratic parties, for the precinct regis
tration to be held on Saturday. September
*. ZZ and 22.
JUDGE W. P. LAWLOR WILL
NATURALIZE APPLICANTS
Ifo Violations cf One-Twelfth Pro
vision — Board of Works Must
Repair Schoolhouses.
Auditor Wells informed City Engineer
Grunrky yesterday that he will not al
low the appropriation of $30,W0 for the
< x.imination of water supply systems to
Lo exempted from the one-twelfth pro
vision of the charter. Grur.sky informed
th«s Auditor that the Board of Public
Works desired to have as much of the
trork dona by November as possible. The
board claims that there would be no use
fiuling men into the Sierras after that
Time as the streams would be frozen. It
;.- fsurcated that $50Oi will be needed to
»<i..-mir:e the Spring Valley works. The
jO^rd members agree with the Auditor
*T. at this can hn done in the winter when
t!;e monthly allowances of th? fund will
have accumulated. In this connection the
Auditor says that he questions the au-
Ihortty of the Board of Supervisors in
passing an ordinance yestercay exempt
ing certain funds from the operation of
t.h" or.e-twclfth provision.
In repaid to the repairs made by* the>
Board of Education to certain school
houses. Auditor "Wells holds that while
that board has control of the money for
repair?, the Be .rd of Public Works alone
had the authority to order the repairs.
He has warned ChaJrman Mark to be
careful in the future, as he will not audit
any more bills not authorized by the
Board of Works. The Auditor's action
is the result of some correspondence
¦which passed between the two boards last
vreck.
Chief Deputy Assessor Ginty tried to se
cure the consent of the Auditor for the
fiurchase of a quantity of printing larpre
y in excess of the monthly allowance.
No relief could be afforded, however,
though the Auditor thinks the $24,000 ap
propriated for stationery is insufficient
AUDITOR RULES ON
IMPORTANT MATTERS
GENERAL RECAPITULATION.
Hf-al estate $190,457,42.".
Real estate improvements 98,073.220
Personal property secured — money and
solvent credits 27,433.571
Unsecured money and solvent credits.. 5.399, 2o7
Other personal property secured 54,503,13*
Other personal property unsecured -31,288,633
Grand total of assessed valuation.. $410,155,304
Within fifteen days after the first Monday in
August of each year the Auditor must make
a careful examination of the assessment books
of the- city and county and ascertain therefrom
the amounts of all taxes that should have been
collected by the Assessor and which have-not
been collected. He must then etate an ac
count to the Assessor and demand from him
that the amounts bo remaining unpaid shall
be paid into the county treasury within fif
teen days from the date of said de*nand. It
at the expiration of eaid time the Assessor has
not settled for and paid said amounts into the
treasury as aforesaid the District Attorney
must commence an action in the proper court
against the Assessor and his, bondsmen for the
recovery of eald amounts so' remaining uncol
lectert, and upon th**- trial of such action no
defense shall be admissible except' that the
assessments are illegal, invalid or void.
In the report filed with the Auditor by
Expert Petty it is shown that the unse
cured personal property roll shows the
value of money and solvent credits to be
$S.3f<9.257. The total valuation of personal
property unsecured reaches J39.687.95O. The
valuation not collected on by Assessor
Dodge Is $5,556,521, and the valuation col
lected on by the Assessor reaches $34,131,
429. The taxes on this amount to $556,
403 67.
The persistent boasting of Assessoi
Dodge that he has added largely to the
assessed valuation of this city is destined
to receive a severe setback in a few days
when that official will be called upon in
the courts to -account for a large amount
of taxes which he has failed to collect.
George Petty, expert to the Auditor, fin
ished the work of revising the figures of
the assessment roll yesterday and made
the startling discovery that Dodge has
failed to collect on personal property
valued at $5,556,521, the taxes on which
amount in round numbers to $90,000. In a
few days the Auditor will commence suit
through the District Attorney for the re
covery of the money involved which
Dodge has failed to collect. The section of
the California revenue law under which
the Auditor will proceed follows:
Auditor's Revised Figures of Assess
ment Roll Show Total Valua
tion of Property to Be
$410,155,304.
District Attorney to Sue
Him for Large Sums
in Taxes.
CHARGE THAT
DODGE WAS LAX
IN COLLECTING
BUILDING OF
NEW ELECTRIC
LINES DELAYED
First and Fifth Street Fran
chises Passed to City
Attorney.
/ '
Supervisor Braunhart Introduces an
Ordinance Regulating the Oper
ation of Nickel-in-the-Slot
Machines.
The attempt of the Market-street Rail
way Company to change its lines on First
street and Fifth street into electric sys
tems was opposed at yesterday's meeting
of the Board of Supervisors by Acting
Mayor. Tobin, who held that the wires
should be placed under ground.
"To grant the privilege to erect over
head wires," said Mr. Tobin, "is clearly in
violation of an existing ordinance. The
question, however, should be referred to
the City Attorney to determine the issuea
involved."
A motion to refer to the City Attorney
was adopted. It directs that official to
inquire into the resolution withdrawing
all objection to the work of reconstruc
tion by the Market-street Railway Com
pany of its tracks on Battery and Front
streets, also along First street from Foi
fom street, thence across Market street
to Battery and thence to California street.
The resolution recites that the company
did In good faith proceed to use its iran
chise along- said streets and that on May
'li, 1&00. it placed material aJong ana upon
said streets for tWe purpose of reconstruc
tion. The company is ordered to repave
between its tracks and on each side there
of with such material as the Board of
Public Works may direct.
The City Attorney will also Inquire into
a resolution granting the Market-street
Railway Company permission to operate
by moans of electricity its street railroad
on Fifth street from Market to Bluxome
and thence to the east line of Fourth
street.
The ordinance granting the company
permission to operate an electric road on
Bush street, from Battery to Kearny, and
to continue the use of the electric wires
at present suspended over Bush street
was passed to print.
An ordinance was passed to print con
senting; to the abandonment by the Mar
ket-stn-et Hallway Company of certain
portions of its franchises as follows: On
Montgomery avenue from Filbert to
Greenwich; double track and switches at
the junction of Montgomery avenue.
Washington and Montgomery streets;
single track commencing at the crossing
cf Powell street and Montgomery ave
nue, along Montgomery avenue to Mason
street; on Bay street from Powell to Tay
lor; on Berry street from Fourth to
Fifth; single track on south side of Jack
son street from Montgomery avenue to
Kearny street; single track, electric line
and poles on Carl street from Stanyan to
I, thence along I to Ninth avenue, and
along Ninth avenue to H street.
An ordinance was introduced by Super
visor Baunhart which is intended to reg
ulate the "Construction, manufacture,
pale, hiring, leasing, keeping, maintain
ing, use, employment and operation of,
and the manner of use, employment and
operation of niekel-in-the-slot machines
and machines, instruments, contrivances
and devices of a similar character; pro
hibiting cheats and frauds in connection
therewith, and providing for the examin
ation and inspection of the same by police
officers."
There was no discussion on the meas
ure, which was immediately referred to
the Police Committee. It provides that
It frhall be unlawful to use a card machine
or contrivance in which are attached
playing cards, that has less than five
cylinders or spools, that each of the
spools shall revolve separately and con
tain no less than ten cards, each of a dif
ferent denomination. It is made unlawful
to so arrange the instrument as to pre
vent the indicator from designating any
particular number, figure or color. It is
also made unlawful to attach any con
trivance to a nlckel-in-the-slot machine
by means of which any cheat or fraud Is
intended or effected. The last section
Eay«: ¦ • .
The Chief of Police of this city and county
may by authority in writing from time to
time empower members of the Police Depart
ment of this city and county to examine and
inspect all "niekel-ln-tfce-s'.ot" machines, in
struments, contrivances and devices mentioned
In this ordinance; and every person owninjr
or having the possession or charge or control
of any euch "nlrkel-ln-the-slot" machines
shall upon demand by a police officer bo au
thorized and empowered as herein provided
permit and allow such police offlcer to make
euch examination and inspection.
ENTERTAINMENT IN
AID OF ST. BRENDAN'S
Successful Affair Given by the Ladies
of the Parish Sodality-
Society.
The Young Ladles' Sodality of St. Bren
dan's Church gave an entertainment and
dance last evening In St. Brendan's Hall.
An elaborate programme had been pre
pared and the entertainment was carried
through with a vim and dash that insure.1
success. The programme was as follows:
Selections. Professor D'Arcy's Orchestra; vo
cal duet. Sodality, accompanist Miss A. Mc-
Nevln. Instrumental selections, orchestra: vio
lins—Misses S. Klevesahl and S. Alexander;
mandolins — Misses P^arF. Alexander and
Brown. Cook. Taratxx-la . and Boullet:
pianos — Misses N. McKenna and M.
Flaherty. Recitation. "The Singer's Alms";
vo<"al poln. Marter John Cavanagh. "Train to
Mauro" — Mrs. Buttermilk. Mies A. O'Connor;
Johnnl* (her Bon), Master O'Connor: Ticket
A*ent, Matthew Le Strange. Vocal selections.
Al uratf; recitation, "Music Box." Misses
O'R .urke. FHzpatrick and Smith; fancy dance.
Little I.ddle and Claire Df-utch; vocal selec
tions. K. P. Scully; scarf fantasties. accom
panist. Miss M. Brown; \-ocal solo. Matthew It.
\j* Strange. "Burglar Alarm" — Penelope, Miss
M. Prince; Aunt Mary. Miss A. O'Connor; Aunt
Martha. Miss M. McCarthy: Dinah, Miss J.
Ucilly. Chorus. "Colleen Avarra."
Those In charge of the entertainment
¦were Miss Prince, Mies O'Connor, Miss
Harrison. Mrs. Kavanagh. Miss McCarthy
and Miss Sullivan, assisted by the mem
bers of the sodality. Dr. McGInty.of St.
Mary's Hospital was stage director. The
entertainment was for the benefit of the
church.
WANTS STATE AID TO
SECURE THE FORESTS
SempervirenB Club of California
Moves to Have the Giant
Redwoods Preserved.
The Sempervirens Club of California
met last night at the Palace Hotel. Pres
ident Charles Wesley Reed in the chair.
John P. Brown, secretary of the Indiana
Forestry Association, outlined the work
of his own club and its application to the
local organization. A discussion followed
as to whether the Government or the
State should be asked to purchase the
reservation and the trend of the remarks
was in favor 'of State aid. with possibly
iirivatc contributions. After this, if
necessary. Congress might be asked to
complete the purchase. Interesting ad
dresses were made by John E. Richards
of San Jose, Professor Montgomery of
Santa" Clara College. J. S. Bunnell. Mr.
Colby, secretary of Sierra Club, and Mrs.
Emma Shafter Howard.
The following were appointed a com
mittee to attend the- two State conven
tions and secure a platform declaration
In favor of the reservation; John E.
.Richards. Oeorge C. Ross and William
T Jeter. The club adjourned to meet
August 27.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
?
DISCOVERERS AND EJCF»I_ORERS Of AJVIBRICA.
EARLY SPANISH DISCOVERERS AND EXPLORERS.
TJJJM; OiLiS Jb'KAJNUlSUU UAIjLi, TU-Ejou^jC, AUGUST 7, 1JJUU.
PRINCE EUI WAH, second son of
the Emperor of Korea, has ideas
of his own upon what constitutes
an American education. His royal
papa provided him with a highly respect
able Gilbert and Sullivan kind of a pre
ceptor by name Sin Fa Mao and shipped
him to Roanoke, Virginia, via San Fran
cisco. The Prince and his tutor arrived
here on Saturday, on Sunday they saw
the sights and yesterday the Prince was
looking for a flat.
• The Prince was sent to imbibe a few
modern ideas. Apparently this action was
needless. The Prince has already about
as many modern ideas as are good for
him, at any rate he snys the brand put
up in San Francisco is "the goods," and
he doesn't see the use of going to Roan
oke, Virginia, with Mr. Rin Fa Mao. his
chaperon, who is at his wits' end to know
what to do with his troublesome charge.
Mr. Sin Fa Mao is second secretary of
the Korean Legation at Washington and
Charge d'Affaires ad interim. But Prince
Eui Wah cares no more for him than if
he were the new charter. "What's. the uso
of being a Prince." says he, "if you can't
have your own way?"
Prince Eul Wah told the reporters on his
arrival here that he was going to school.
Now he says he's going to rent a flat.
That seems quite American, he says.
Mr. Eul Wah ST., Emperor of Korea,
has been cabled to In order that he may
issue an imperial mandate for the gov
ernment of the refractory sprig of
royalty. But then it is doubtful whether
an imperial mandate -will be of much use.
Roanoko, Va., sounds lonesome while San
Francisco, Cal.. is on the map. It is
understood that the Prince may take up a
course of English at Berkeley or Stan
ford if he cannot be Induced to go to
Roanoke. That spot and Korea are yet
to be heard from in regard to the prince
ly escapade, but it is to be supposed that
such • an acquisition as real live royalty
will not be lightly yielded by the Roan
oke College, and between the Emperor,
Mr. Sin Fa Mao. and the Roanoke faculty.
Prince Eul Wah may be induced to turn
Second Son of Korea's Royal House
Has Ideas of His Own on
American Education* .
PRINCE EUI WAH.
eastward. In either event an enterpris
ing comic opera librettist has here a good
foundation for a lively plot.
Sin Fa Moa, In spite of his somewhat
rakish name, is a most proper person to
take charge of a Prince. He bases his
only hope in the royal mandate.
"Jf that doesn't have any effect." he
said gloomily last night. "1 don't know
what will be done. I've got to get him to
Roanoke somohow, but even the royal ele
phants would, unless his mind changes, be
powerless to make him leave your city.
He is ." If the royal preceptor had
not been so highly respectable he would
have said "above the limit," as it was he
merely added, "Incomprehensible."
The Prince could not be seen at the Oc
cidental last night. Perhaps he was out
Imbibing American ideas, or maybe — well
Kipling did, why not Eul Wah?
GOING TO RENT A FLAT
AND STAY RIGHT HERE
VIII.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
MUNICIPAL MATTERS OF TIMELY INTEREST TO LOCAL TAXPAYERS.
The Mexican census/recently, taken,
whose results are just coming out, shows
a population of 12,491.573. , over -two-thirds
of whom cannot read or write. ;Over iO
per cent of the nopulation is of mixed and
Indian races. Sixty-three languages are
spoken among the people.
The latest statistics ehow that th*
t-'riitod Btatefc has over 2-JO.0O0 miles of
railrr.a«i p.nd le?s than 20,000 miles of good
wsgon roads.
A railway is to be built between Cape
¦•Come and Port Clarence, Alaska, and
rails and narrow gauge locomotives and
freight cars have already arrived at Seat-
tle.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Just a little hot §
water or milk, §
a little sugar g
and g
GRAPE=NUTS|
L. arc ready g
Stold by all grocers &
No Cooking!!
Among the clocks to be seen at the Par-
is Exposition is one of the year 15S0, which
belonged tol Henry' IIL
OSTO ARRIVE.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Surrey
Times and Heights of Hlch and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NEW YORK. Aug! 6.— FLOUR— Receipts, 17,-
C2» barrel*; exports. 12.215 barrels. Very dull,
with buyers KQlSc under the market and in
dlfTurent. Winter patents. 13 851?4 23; winter
Dtr&lgbU. 13 6C©"3 75; Minnesota patents, J4 10®
WHEAT— Receipts, 100,825 bushels; exports,
113.CS7. Spot-Firm; No. 2 red. TS^ic elevator
and 82c f. o. b. afloat : No. 1 Northern Duluth.
, S4J4c f . o. b. afloat; No. 1 bard Duluth. SG&c
New York Grain and Produce.
TO SAIL.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.— The following Is the
statement of the visible supply of grain - In
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.-The cotton market,
with the Liverpool market still closed, after
Saturday's holiday, was a timid one. Arter
opening steady at unchanged prices to a de
cline of 5 points, there was a still further de
cline oS 1 to 6 points. Then followed a sharp
reaction of 12015 points, with the market
o? 408 i»fnt? barely Etea<J y a t » net advance
Ncxv York Cotton Market.
HOG ,^ RcceIpts - S 7 - 000 : to-morrow, 23.000; left
over. 3^00 Meetly 10c lower, closing BtroAgcr.
lop, Jo 40; mixed and butchers 1 . J5 OTxHa 40'
good to choice heavy, J5@5 25; rough heavv
USW 35; light, $5 1565 40; bulk of sale B " J5 15
SHEF.P-Recelpts, 20.000; sheep, stronger
«'!?, b / 1 -i "" C tO , 4 .° C lowe L- Good to choice wethers'
J4 40(ff4 7»; fair to choice, S3 75®4 25- Westp-rn
Fheep, J4 25®4 Cn : Texas fheop, J3 25f 4 23- na"
tlv« lambs, U 2505 35; Western Iambi $4 B®
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 25.-
CCO, including 4000 Western and 1S00 Texans.
Choice steers, steady; others 10c lower; active.
Westerns, steady ; butchers' stock, steady to
10c lower. Natives, good to prime steers, J3 40
@a !O: poor to medium. J4 75<g5 35; selected feed
ers, steady. $4®4 65; mixed stockers, J3(E?3 SO
cows. VSfiZ 50; heifers. J3 15®5: canners. $2 20©
VUi bullB. J3S4 £0; calves, Jl 75g6 50: Texas fed
« e rT*, A 4 Sj ® 4 e5: B rass ers. $3 25©4 30; bulls,
Chicago Livestock Market.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Grapes— Malagas,
Jl 05@l 45 Flncle crates; Clusters, $1 75@1 80.
Pears— Bartletts, Jl 50®2 25 box. Peaches—El
bertas, S5c&Jl 50 box. Prunes — Gros. Jl 4501 70
single crates. Seventeen cars fruit eold to-day.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6. — Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, 11 05©
2 20 box. Plums— Honey Dew, $2 40<!73 15 single
crates; Japan, J3; Yellow Egg, 95cig?l 40; Mag
nun Bonum. $1 20<ffl 30; P. D.. Jl 30; Brad
shaw, 80c; Quackenbos, 55c; Jefferson, S3c(iTfl.
Prunes — Gros, Jl 25i?J2 box; Hungarian, $1 55;
Bulgarian, Jl 35; Silver, tl 60; German, $1 15®
1 35. Peaches— Crawfords, fl 25Jjl 55.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Pears—Bart
letts, Jl 20S1 C5 box and 85Q95c half box; JJeurre
Hardy. |1 30fl 35 box. Prunes— Gros, $1 50;
Hungarian. Jl 23; German, 51 20@l 50; Silver,
$1 10. Plume — Quackenbos, ?1 35; Yellow Egg,
tl 2(X?jl 47; Kelsey, %l 1001 45; Diamond, $1 30;
Uradshaw, 87cg$l 15: Columbia, 80@90c. Peaches
—Tuscan, %l 15. Gropes— Red Tramlna, %\ sin
gle crates: Malaura, "O^SOc: clusters, 90c.
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— Earl Fruit Company sales
California fruit: Grapes— Malagas, 75c©$l 20
Klnple crates; clusters, average ?1 65. Pears —
Bartletts. $1 25<31 60 box.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
Aucust 6. 1300. ¦ .* -"..
The time ball 6n the tower of the new Ferry
bulldire was dropped at exactly noon to-iJay—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. in charge.
Time Ball.
California Fruit Sales.
MONDAY, Aujr. &-2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Equit G L Co. 3tf 4
4s quar coup. .315 115H Mutual El Co. 9% WK
4s do reg 115 115Vi j O G L & H... — 60
Is do cp new..l32->41W s Pac Gas Imp.. 51H —
ia quar coup...l0y<il09»i Pac L Co 42J* —
Miscellaneous, — Hae KIG&PCo. 22\,
Cal-st Cab O8..116H — S F G &. E 64Vi S4!«
C C 'U'ater Cs..lO6% — San Francisco. Z oV.
Ed L .& V tis.m>a — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — Insurance—
Geary-st R as..— 93 Firem's Fund.225 — -
II C & S 5Hs. — — Bank Stocks-
Do 5s — 104 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6B 70
L A Ry 5s 105V4103?i liank of Cal. ..410 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — Cal S D & T..104H —
Do cntd Cs.. — — 'First Natlonl.27a —
L A KntJ 6s. ..100 — 'Lon P & A.. ..134^4 —
L A P R R Bs. — — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s... — 12S^ Nev Nat Bk... — —
Do 1st M 5s.ll8% — Savtncs Banks—
N C N G R 7s. — — Ger S is L...1SJ0 —
N R of Cal 63.113 — Hum.S & L... — —
Do 5s US — Mut Sav Bk.. 45 —
N P C R 11 6S.101 — 8 V Sav U....505 1 —
Do 5s 10BV4107 Sav & L So... 74 78
N Cal Ry 5s.. Ul>i — Pec Sav Bk — —
Oak G L & H.lll — "-'on T Co.... — —
Oak Tran 6s..llGti— Street Railroads-
Oak W Co Ds.. — 103 California ....123 — .
Oceanic S CO..105H106 fieary-st 50 —
Om C Ry 6s. .120^4— Market-st 64 —
I* & Cl Ry 6S.103V4 — O S L & H — —
P & O R R 6s. 115 — Presidio — 22H
Powell-s-t It 6s.l2ft — Powder Stocks-
Sac El GA-RSa. 9SV4101 California ....155 1C2H
S F & S JV5s.ll9^4 — Giant Con Co.. 86% 8S
5 R of Cal bs.lli IHH Vlgorlt .f 3Vi 3»4
6 P of A 6s..lll%imi Suear Stocks—
B P C 6sU90a). — 111 Hana S P Co. 7»i —
Do (19C6) ....112 112% Haw C & S Co 87 —
Do (1912) ....imi — Honokaa 8 Co 30*4 30%
SPRClst gntSs. — — Hutch S P Co 25V, —
P P Ur 6j«....1S2%133H KHauea S P Co HU 2f»
S V "U'ater 6s. .115 — Makawelt S Co 44?i 43
Do 4s 102H 103 Onomea S Co. 26 27
Do 3d nitg..Hj2 — Paauhau S Co. 30% —
Stocktn Gas 6e S3% — Mlficellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.ll7?i —
Contra Costa.. 67 87 1 ,; t'al Fruit Assn *x 9SH
Martn County. "0 — Mer Ex Asun. 97 100
Spring Valley. 94*i 94% Oceanic S Co. 92 33
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cent G & L Co — — Pac C IJor Co.150 —
Cent L & P Co — a\b Pnr Paint Co... 12« ~
Jlornlnc Session.
Hoard —
20 Alaska Packers* Assn ...117 75
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 106 50
200 Hana Plantation Co S 00
33>> Honokaa b* Co 30 75
$3O.C<MI I>13 Anceles Ry 5s 105 50
160 Mnkawell t5 Co 43 00
60 Makawell S Co, b 10 43 00
100 l'aauhau S P Co. 30 75
15 Pacific Gas Imp ." 5125
120 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 75
3R V Water S3 00
&S-V Water 9487^4
Street— '
J10CO Northern Ry of Cal Es IIS 25
10 Oceanic S S Co 92 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — ""^CKfllCBM
23 Honokaa S Co " 30 624
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 25
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There was no marked change in local securi
ties on the Bond Exchange, except a decline
In Makawell to 144 in the afternoon.
On the Oil Exchange there was a decline In
Homo Oil to J4 65.
The Julia Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 3c, and the Gould & Curry one
of 15c. ¦'',-.;• -::v
THE STOCK MARKET.
LIVERPOOL.
V.'heat— Sent. Dec.
Opening Closed until Aug 7.
Closing Closed until Aug. 7.
PARIS.
"Wheat— Aug. Nov.Feb.
Opening 20 10 21 40
ClOFing 20 30 21 43
Flour-
Opening 2fi 00 27 70
Closing 26 30 23 10
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creameries, log We: dairies,
14{il7c. Cheese dull, 9»igiO>ic. Eggs firm;
fresh, ll'ic
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
r*lour. barrels 14.000 32,000 I
Wheat, bushels 99.000 19.000 i
Corn, bushels 195,000 1.296,000.
Oats, bushels 4S8.OOO 276,000 !
Rye. bushels 8.000 3,000 I
Barley, bushels 8.000 3.000 i
¦«;.- cloted and the Influence of the news could
not he well measured. Prt'jjarntions for cx
jKirts of gold on Wednesday were, reported,
though no definite ennouncement was made of
<-r.?raeenients. i-terlij:g tocch&nge rose an addi
tional fraction, but ptlll fells short a shade of
vhiit has been reparded bf thp ex|>ort point to
I^ndon. The market continued at a very low
<bb of activity and the movement of prices -^-35
elight. Total rales, jar value, J74fi,<X>0.
United States old 4s declined «; In the bid
SCEW YORK STOCK LIST.
6^r stock- a z ne
:i.2*0 Atch'.fon 26%
l.'rf'O Atchison prefd 70»k
i.TJi naUtmore & Ohio 7<:_
Car.HdIi.n lacif.c !*7i*
R100 Canada Southern 4V-.
1.140 Chesar°ake & Ohio Z7'^
100 Ohi'-apo Great Western 10",
4,540 Chicago. UuriinKton & (Juine>' I26-".
Chlcajro. Ind A: Louisville * 23
ChlraKO. Ind & l^oulsville prffd f.0»4
CTilc-agu & E^tstPrn Illtnols 95"
Chicago & Northwestern 157
Z.M) Cblcacn, lu-ck Island & Pacinc VML
C C C & Pt Ixnils 6g2
l.".4O Colorado SoaUicm ei^
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
370 Colorado Suuthern 2d prefd is
f Delaware & Hudson !]•>
I»elawHr«». 'jack & Western 176
Denver & BIO Grande 19
Denver & Rio Grr.nde prefd <T7 ! 4
Krie 10%
Erie 1st rr"fd 3'il
Great Northern preM VSlm
Ho'kini; <"oal i;u
Horklnp Valley 341J
Illinois Central UCH
Iowa Central ijii^
Iowa Central rir<?M....< 44>i
Kans City. PittMjurB & Gulf IJU
i^jke Hrie & Western 27*
I^nk" f.r'.c & Ostern prefd S3
!.:.!.•¦ Phor* %fll
SlO Lou'.rville & N..iKhvIlle 70\
2.:Kt Mar.hsttan K!^vat*>d <ini k
723 Metrorolitan Street Itallway V>t\
1,456 Mexican «>ntral 12
JCO Minneapolis & Pt I»uls M
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd S3
«.<*> Mis*nuii Pacific SI
109 Mobile & Ohio 3S
1.750 Missouri, Kansas & Texas S'i
tin Mi«ouri. Kanya? & Texas prefd.... 3C%
100 New Jer«>' Or.tral 123
«f-0 New York Central I2S«i
l,<TrO Norfolk «.- Western 33",
f* Norfolk & Western prefd.... ~
S.:.7» Northern Parir.c S2y,
• 1.310 Nortl!«!rn 1'acinV prefd 72
1.210 Ontario & Western 21
Orepon Hallway & Navigation «2
Oreiron'Hy & Navigation prefd 76
3.S35 Feniifylvania j 12«V£
Cf«) Heading 16*i
11,400 nea' 3 .ing 1st prefd CSH
?39 nea^irtjj Id f.^fd ts\
Ulo Grr.ndA. Western E9>4
....... Rio Grpnde WoMtb prefd SO
....... Et Louis & San Francisco Sli
etallroer.t of the ant-arape of dividend. The
tteel group weakened later in the day. The
clrcuir.FUictia! accounts from Pittsburgh of ex
tensions by th»- Carnfg'.e Co.. lucking to com
j«ution with Mjine of the new combinations af
lected the group, especially Federal steel and
tteel and wire. The more serious pha.se devel
oped Jn the Chinese s-ltuatior, had s<jrr.e effect
wi the market, although the London exchange
j-er cent in l»cck dividends. The movement Is
?ujiposed to loresnadcw the payment of an in-
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— The early dealings in
the stock market showed a revival of last
peek's s=trer.£th. lut it pave way in the face
t>t 'lie day"s developments and the market
J-ielded whatever uaSns had l>e<?^ established.
final pricee. meapured in comparison with
the h'.ph level of the day, show considerable
Josses and are the general rule. The early
Jr.overacnt was erpecially notable In the Pa
dfles. Northern Pacific taking th« lead on the
Ihecry •!-.•. Its price was not comrnenF'jrate
•ulth the level of Union Pacific and Missouri
J'aciflc. Union Pacific als>o continued firm.
2ieadir.g f.r>t rref^rredx^C-as taken in quite
la.rge amounts ia tte supposition that the divi
dend rate would be increased at to-day's meet-
Ing. The stock fell back l'i when the declara
tion cf the «atr.e rate of dividend as the last
vas announced. Sugar weakened on the report
<it the shading of spvfral grades of soft sugar,
which was taken to indicate a renewal of com
petition in the trade. The more cheerful feel-
Ing regarding the iron and Fteel stocks, which
l;as bo*n in evidence lor s-ome time past, lifted
prices in that croup. Colorado Fuel was eon
epicuous. Tt;e preferred ttCK'k was bid up from
7Z\) to lCr., at which jirici- U«0 shares chanB»-d
bands. The bid price v.as then further ad
vanced to UTTVz. without bringing out stock.
This etock is cumulative and is entitled to 20
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet: No. 3 spring wheat. 71^72^0 ; No. 2 red, •
76's'fi77'-ic; No. 2 corn, 3SV4c: No. 2 yellow.
S? s ic; No. 2 oats, 2is 4 'i/22c: No. 2 white. 23^45T '
23»,c: No. 3 white. 22^-g23*ic; No. 2 rye. 48>*@ j
4S t *c: good feeding barley, 33f?36c; fair to 1
choice malting, 3f.g43c; No. 1 flaxseed, Jl 30; |
No. 1 North we stern. $1 3G: prime timothy seed, j
$3 20: mess pork, per barrel, $11 80S 11 S3; lard,
per 100 pounds. $6 E0-5« S2H: short-rib sides !
(loose). $7 0S@7 Z0; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
$6 73'a7; short clear sides (boxed). $7 6>'fi7 70;
whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 24^; clover,
contract trade, JS 40.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 74>i 74'i 74 74%
September 73V» 73^4 74 7 4 73^
October 73"i 7G>i 75% 76U
Corn No 2 —
August ZSM 3SU 37% 3S
September 37 7 i 88 37U 37%
October 37>i 37«i ZC% 37V»
August '?.'.'.". 21>i 21H 21 2Ui
September 21 l i 21"i 2!>.i 21*4.
October 21 s * 21Ti 21H 21*i
Meps Pork, per barrel-
September 1175 1195 11 72U; 11 S5
October 1177^4 11 95 11 771i II S74
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 6 77H 6 R2»£ 6 77^ 6 82^4
October 6 80 6 85 6 SO 6 85
January 6 70 6 70 6 67>i 6 70
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
September 7 05 7 17*4 7 03 7 15
October 7 C2'.i 7 10 7 02«4 7 10
January 6 10 6 10 6 10 6 10"
lamook. via Eureka 23 hours; bound south; put
in to land passengers.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson. 21 hours from. Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. 11 hours from Bowens
Lending.
Schr Carrier Dove. Grotle. 202 days from
South Ambcy, N J: bound to Seattle; put In In
distress.
Schr Defender. Hellquist, < days from Pert
Blake ley.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Johnson. 12 days from,
Tuzldak Island.
Schr Gen Banning. Bennerwltz. 60 hours from
Coos Bay.
Haw schr Americana. Perry, 133 days frora
Caleta. Buena. via Honolulu 51 days.
CLEARED.
Monday. August 8.
Strnr Orizaba. Shea. Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Xopander, San Peiro; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Universe, Egenes, Nagasaki; U S
Government.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Chesialnus; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Br ship Manydown, Evans, Queenstown: Ep- 1
pinker & Co. 4 \
Br ship M E Watson, Wilson, Queenstown;*
Balfour. Guthrle & Co.
Chll bark Yoi>«Tnit«\ Lumbrenas. Callao; Eal
four. Guthrie & Co.
Brig Consuelo, Page. Mahukona; Charles Nel
son.
Scfcr Enterprise, Frietsch, Honolulu; G W
Monday. August «.
Stmr W K Krujer. Krog. San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendocino.
Ptmr Ortxaba. Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Greenwood. Fa^erlund. .
Hr itmr s Bristol, Mclr.tyre. Chemainus.
:yV.- SPOKEX.
Per sehr Lena Sweaaey— July 24. lat 23 OS X.
Ion 129 5tf W— Schr Czar, from Altata. fir San
Franci"»oa. Also a four-masted Br ship
July 17. lat 30 N. Ion 132 W— Passed a Er
ship bound ot San Francisco.
May 10. lat 52 3. Ion 90 W— Br ship Compeer,
hence March II. for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Matteawan — At 3pm Ang 5. oft
Mendocino City, saw lost raft In tow of tugs
Rescue and Tr.tocsh. and looked as It one emi
had gone to pieces.
P*r ftmr Despatch— On Aug 5. at 10 a m. 13
miles NW of Caoe M»ndoclno. ran Into a lot
cf loose piles from M) to 100 feet Ions ar.i!
crulred In snons them for about 15 miles. At
7 p m, off Albion, passed two tugs with some
thing In tow. supposed to be a piece of raft.
Per stmr W H Kruser. Aus 6 — Aug 3. at 9
a m. between Eel Itlver and Cape Mendocino,
passed tnrouKh a number of piles. At S:3f> p m.
same day. off Fort Brags, fe-3'^1 tugs Tatoosh
and Rescue towlns part of raft.
Per schr Carrier Dove, from South Amboy,
N J. Aug 6— April 27 in Straits of Magellan
struck en r^iok duilnsr a calm, damaging; ves
sel and rudder. August 2. 3^0 miles w#st of
San Francisco, had a heavy NW gale and did
considerable damage to rudder. Put into San
Francisco for repairs, ther.ee to sail for Se
attle.
Per Haw schr Americana — Palled from Caleta
Buera Feb 2**. Had light airs and calms to
the equator. Crcs?ed the equator April 13, Ion
113 W. Had head winds and succession or\
heavy weather and heavy gales. Being = ' "'A
of provisions an<l water an<l having sails hl^*43T
away, kept off for Honolulu. Arrived at Hono
lulu June 14 and sailed for San Francisco Juri*
16. Had light airs and calms to July 31. Hal
a succession of N'XE and N.N'W gales to port.
Blew away severa' sails.
TELEGUAPniC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug «. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 10 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR-Salled Aug 6— Schrs Ab
ble and Antelope, for San Francisco.
Sailed Aug 4— Schr Jennie Stella, for San
Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed. July 6— Schr Melanc
thon. for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 6— Ektn Tam o' Shanter, hence
July 23.
WHATCOM— Sailed Aug 3— Br ship Troop, for
Callao.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 4— Bark Levt G Bur
gess, hence July 24; bark Gatherer, hence July
19.
Arrived Aug «— Schr Gler.dale. hence July 17.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 8— Ship Reap
er, from Port Townsend.
• ST MICHAKL-Salled July IS— Schr W F
Jewett, for Knanrton.
PORT TOWNSEND— Pa»s*d In Aug «— Scr.r
Alcalde, (mm Nome; bark R*»P er - r ; ir — — • ,
SEATTLF.-Sailed Aug 4-Phip Lucllf for
San Francisco; stmr City of Seattle, for Skag-
U! Arrlved Auk 5-Stmr Roralle. from Skaguay.
Aug 4— Schr Fischer Bros, for Nome.
COOS BAT-Arrlved Aug 6-Stmr Del Norte.
fr CHIGN r iK a BAT-In port July -Bark Ferris
S Thompson, ship Geo Skolfle.d.
UGASHIK— In port July-Stmrs Francis Cut-
Aug 8— Ektn Northwest.
f °Li?£°l£*-Arrlved Aug 5-Schr O M Kel
lP Saile h d* n Au/ U 5^-Stmr Empire, for Coos Bay:
„„ u- 11 Kruger. fcr San Francisco: schr
for San Frar.clsco: schr Lottie Car
,^n f or' San Pedro: nchr Esther Buhne. for
H-inolulu- -chr Oceania Vance, for San Fran
ci"co- Br'bark C!ty of Adelaide, for Australia..
Sailed Aus 6-Stmr Eureka, for San Fran-V
NEWPORT— Palled Aug 8— Stmr BrunswlcHi
for Pan Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug «— Br stmr Argyle.
from Yokonama.
galled Aug 8— Stmr State of California, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA — In port July 31Bark Guy C
Gmr for San Francisco.
PELAWAUE BREAKWATER— Arrived Aug
6— Ship John McDonald, from Hllo, and pro
ceeded to New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed July 23— Schr De
fiance. '<>r Port Townsend.
AUCKLAND— Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Mariposa.
for San Francisco.
NANA1MO— SalK'd Autr 4— Br stmr Robert
Adamson. for San Francisco.
HULL— Arrived Aug 3— Br ship Reliance, hnc
April *¦
SCI LLY— Passed Aug 4— Br ship Clan Gra
ham, hence March 14, for Queenstown
DUNKIRK— failed July 22— Fr bark Lou.s
Pasteur, for Orecon.
SHANGHAI— In port July 15— Br ship W J
Perrle, for Oregon: Br bark Wanderer, for Ta
coma.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 4— Stmr Nippon
Maru. from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Honsk^n^.
ANTWERP- Arrived Aujr* 6— Stmr South
wark. from New York.
NAPLES-Sall*.i Aug 3-Stmr Kais«r wil
hflm II. from Genna. for New York
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Servla, f r
New York. >
AUCKLAXD- SnUed Aug S— Stmr Marinnso,
for San Franc'.sctf. I ,
NEW YORK-Salled Aug S— Stmr Mont*wi-it.
for C?.dis.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Aug *-Stmr Koent
gen I>uln*. from. Bremen, for New York.
FAYAL— Arrived Auk «— Stmr Peninsula.
, from New York, for Lisbon.
ARRIVED.
Monday, AujrJst 6.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup. 84 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Despatch. Johnson, S6 hours from Port
Hadlock.
Stmr W H Kruger. Krog. 83 hours from Til-
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— Offerings of wheat at the
opening of that market were very light and
the presence of buying orders In moderate num
bers sufficed to give the market a fairly firm
tone. Liverpool was closed and local traders
were somewhat uncertain as to their course
at first. Initial trading In September was at
75075 1 ,ic, a shade advance over Saturday's
closing and a further advance to 75%c took
place within a few minutes. Local bears,
enVouraged by the heavy receipts at all pri
mary points, then attempted to force prices
down In the absence of any material support,
and their offers did result in a reaction to
73c. But at the decline buying orders wer»
received and soon as the local offerings were
withdrawn the price immediately reacted again
to 7S%c After 11 o'clock the market for tha
most part was excessively dull. The weather
was too hot for the traders to take much in
terest In the demand and the result was that
prices kept within a narrow range. Septem
ber advanced to 73*i'S'75^c, whera it closed, a
gain of HSHc
Corn enjoyed a brief Interval of prosperity
around the opening 011 reports of damage in
the South by hot winds. The latter part of the
session was dull, but the close was »trong,
September %c higher at 37 s «c.
Oats were very Uull during most of the ses
sion, but the tone was tirm. September closed
*i,ij'*c 'higher at 21H'i}21Hc.
Provisions were dull all day. Lower hog
prices and fears of further yellow fever de
velopments made buyers timid at first and
opening prices were lower. Offerings were
small and later the firmness of corn had in
fluence on trading. At the close Septembrr
pork was unchanged, lard 12',4c higher and
ribs 5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
TT.e westber if cloudy over the western por
f < n? of Washington and Oref>n and clear fl.»e
vhere w^«t ol the Rocky Mountains. Light
Tain if reiiortH.i Imm Western Washington.
The tf-r.ip-r^turf (.-hanges have been tlight in
•11 diftri^ ti=.
Forecast made at fan Francisco for thirty
Sunn ending nridnlgnt Auguet 7. isoc^:
Northern Calirornia-Falr Tuesday; fresh
%-ert wind.
Pcuthern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
I'tah— Fair: coclrr Tuef<j a y.
Ar:i:na— Fair Tuesday.
6*n Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
?:¦-.. west wiud. G. H. WILLPON,
Local Forecast Official.
An area of high pressure is central off the
T.'ashinptc-n Coaet and a troui?h-like depression
extends fr.n, Medina souttrvestvard to South
cm Arizona. Th" pressure bur generally risen
»v*r the Pacific Elope.
FORECAST
<i:<*h Meridlan-Paelfi- Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 6, 1=00—3 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
33ureka COfLos Angeles 76
tVetno ;«):. c acra;cento 81
Jiour.t Tsmalpais... 70 Independence S3
lifd rs!uJT i.''^ 011 Diego CS
fcan Luis Obi?:>o.... 73
Fan Francisco £sta: Maximum temperature,
ft: minimum. Z2; mean, iS.
JVEATHEH COXPIT1OX3 AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
The British ship M. E. Watscn cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 57.377
<-t!s barley, valued at $53.9S9. and 15.<»X) feet
Jutr.ber dunnage, valued at $250. Total value,
*;*4.:so.
The British t,tip Manydown also cleared yes
terday for Quwnrtown for orders with E0.443
«Ub barlev, valued at $72.4<w. and 23.000 feet
lumber dunnage, valued at $345. Total value,
t:2.745.
Barley Shipments.
The Chilean bark Yoserr.ite cleared yesterday
Jor Callao with 27,370 ctls wheat, valued at
fCS.fif^, ar.d 13.000 feet lumber dunnage, valued
4.: £25. Total value, |2S,CJ.
The Nyrr.ph loads lumber at Tacoma for Lon
iBon, SSs Sd. prior to arrival; the Robert Dun
can, wheat for Europe. 3Ss 3d, if wheat, rye or
lsarley. 3t.s ii <Cd l»ss direct!, prior to arrival:
the Robert Rickmers. wheat at Portland for
X:urope, 27s 6d. Is less direct, prior to arrival;
the Sir Rcbert Fernie, wheat, rye or barley
Jcr Europe, 3Ss 9d. 6<1 less direct; the W. H.
finlth. lun:l>er at Chemainua for Sydney, S3s
3<i. prior to arrival.
Wheat Shipment.
Charters.
LONDON. Aug. C— Money, 2t73«4 per cent;
French rentes. JOf 2>,4e: wheat and flour en
rnssace to Unitwl Kingdom, 2,320, 000 qrs; <Jo
Continent, £13,009 qrs.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 6.— Wheat In Paris, firm;
flour in Paris, firm.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— To-day'a statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of $1*0,000,000 gold reserve, shows-
Available cash balance. $146,115,678; gold, $72 -
CC&.CC2.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.— Money on call easy at
2®2»/i per cent; last loan. 1>4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4^4'i per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business In bankers'
Mils at $4 SSli for demand and at $4 84ft for
elxty days; pouted rates, $4 E3©4 K>V, and $4 S9;
commercial bills. $4 83Vi®4 83%. Silver cer
tificates. ei«4'& < 52iic. Bar Bllver. 60%e. Mex
ican dollars, 4S',4c Government bonds, weak;
State bonds, firm; railroad bonds, Irregular.
Nav York Money Market.
Et Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 67
120 St Loulr. & Kan Fran 2d prefd 33H
et Louis, Southwestern 10^a
C35 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 26>4
4.-J30 t?t Paul HI?*
St Paul prefd 171
St 1'aul & Omaha HO
2,2T>0 Southern Pacific 33%
ZUO Southern Railway l&Ts
120 Southern Railway prefd C2'i
Texas tc Paeiflc H^j
2\:co Union Pacific 60
2,»C0 I'nion Pacilic prefd v 76*»
200 Wahash «%
940 Vabash rrefd IS
110 Wheeling & L E *•**
Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 23b
Wisconsin Central 13
: Third Avenue 109
Express Companies —
Adams 123
American 153
Unit«-d states 45
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous^ —
American Cotton Oil 33'4
American <"ntton Oil prefd 884
American Malting 3 l »
100 American Malting prefd Vt\b
American Fmeltlng & Refng 36^
250 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. S!>
American Spirits 1V1
American Spirits prefd 17
21S American tnoel Hoop IS
American Steel Hoop prefd 66
2,:v"» American .^teel & Wire 33U
100 American Steel & Wire prefd 73
American Tin Plate 22*»
American Tin Plate prefd 77 s *
300 American Tobacco 92^
American Tol.acco prefd 12S
1,475 Anaconda Mining Co 4Ji£
3.500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 57V»
4.7S'> Colorado Fuel &. Iron 5»>
110 Continental Tobacco 24i,
370 Continental Tobacco prefd 76V*
2,310 Federal .^t^el 33
10J Federal Steel prefd 66
"11 General Electric 1S1
SCO Glucose Puuar 53
20} Glucose Sugar prefd &9
International Paper 22'i
103 International Pawr prefd C5 1 *
Laclede Gas 74
400 National Biscuit SO^i
National Uiscuit prefd 35
220 National I>-ad IS^i
150 National L*ad prefd S7'±
fc20 National Stet>l 24' t
National Pteel prefd S4' t
New York Air Brake 131
North American 15 i
Pa'-iSc Coast 62
IW Pacific Coast 1st profd ,.. £6 I
Pacific Coast id prefd 62 |
Pacific Mail SHi'
711 Pe-ple"s Gas s^
635 Pressed Steel Car 40
330 Pressed Steel Car prefd, ex dtv 71
.*....„ Pullman Palac-e Car l?3
Standard Roi>e & Twine 5
10,;S5 Hupar 12;>4
Sugar prefd 116
1.2S3 Tenn^sspe Coal & Iron 70%
330 X'niteii States Leather 10 l ;
110 United States Leather prefd f.-S'i
4,Vj0 United States Rubber 2-j* A
fnirod States Rubber prefd 92
335 Western Union 734
420 Republic Iron & Steel Co 10
2:2 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefj 61«
P C C & St Loula SO
17S.S0O Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg |M K & T 2n<is.... 67
When isrued 103U|m K & T 4s 91U
L" S 2« ref coup | N Y Cent lsts lOS'i
when issued 10.r- T ;N J Cent gen is. ..122
U S L'g reg 1O0 (Nor Pac 3s 6r,H
U S Cs reg IW',4 Xor Pac 4s lO4 1 fc
V S 3s coup I0»»4 N Y C & St L 43..107H
IT K new 4s reg — 132'ijN & W enn 4s <-7ii
C S new 4s ccup...l3i >r -i;Or Nav lets .......100
V S old 4s rep 115 ; Or Nav 4s 102%
C S old 4s coup ...115 O P L Cs 123
X' S 3s reg m !o S L con 5s 1124
I* S 3s coup n? (Heading gen 4s ... S7%
Dist of Col 3 <?3p...l'i2 |R G W lsts SS'4
Atchison jren 4s ...101'*: St L & I M con as.llO'i
Atchison adj 4s ... M St L & S F gen Cs.122
i'ana.Ja Sou 2nds..lOS>4 ; st Paul con 167
C & O 4'js «H St P C & P lsts. .117
C & O ;,s ll<j'i St P C 4 P 5s 118%
C & N W con 7s ..140 .Sou Pac 4s 73
C&NW S F deb 5s. 122 ! Sou Ry 3s 1OSU
C'hlcaro Ter 4s S7 T i'S Rope & T 6s...*. 72'j
Colo Sou 4s £2 | Texas & Pa»lstP.. ll'i
D & K O lsts 102 j Texas & Pac 2nds. J1
I) & R Q 4s ss I Union Pacific 4s ..lu.'.Vi
Eri? sen 4s €9Vi I Wabash lsts 116
F W /t D C 1st.... 71 (Wabash 2nds 101
Gen Electric 5s ...115 Invest Shore 4s 112
Iowa Central lsts..ll3Vi! Wls Cent lsts .SS'i
KCP4O lsts.... 70 J Vir Centuries 89%
L & N unl 4s 97*4;
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15iOntarlo 16
Crown Point 15Ophlr 65
Con Cal & Va 1 43 i Plymouth 10
Deadv.ood 41 Quicksilver 1 £1
Gould & furry — 20j do prefd 7 00
Hale & Norcross.. 20 i Sierra Nevada .... '4
Hr.mestake 50 OOiStandard 4 20
Iron Silver 30 I'nion Con "l
Mexican 33 Yellow Jacket 32 j
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Union Pae 60
Call loans 2f?3 Union Land 3
Time loans 3ft--4Vi' West End - D3
Stocks— iWestingh Elec 45
Atchlron 2G%:IYis Cent 13
do rrefd 70i.it' Bowls—
Am Sugar 121%' Atchison 4s 99V
do prefd 116 j Mining shares—
BWl Telpphone 143 Adventure 2*4
liostcn & Albany. .245 lAllouez Min Co... 1
Boston Elevated ..143 Amalg Copper ... 88W
Boston & Maine. ...157 Atlantic 24
C B & Q 125% Eost & Mont 310
Uom Coal 41 Butte & Boet 64
do prefd 110 Calumet & Hecla..745
Fed Ste«>l 33 Centennial 17U
do preM 65%|Franklin l3Vi
Fltrhburg prefd . . .13<5>4 j Humboldt 23
Gen Electric lS'^Osceola 67'^
do prefd 13$?* ! Parrot •. 42»4
Ed Elec 111 2-»o iQulncy 135'
Mex Cent .11% Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
Mich Tel SO Tamarack 200
Old Colony 204 Utah Mining 29%
Old Dom 1J Wlnona 314
Kubber 26 Wolverines Z&\b
NOTE— In the above exposition of th* tiJe<
the' early morning tides are given In the letl
hand column and the successive tides of •':•»
day «ii the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes, the hei=ht.
and then the number given Is suMracted frcm
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Peaches are weak and rather lower price*
are quoted on canning account. Ripe Bartlett
Pears are In better supply, but first-class green
stock is not overabundant.
Grapes stand about the same.
Fresh supplies of Limes are expected to-day.
Berries are selling well and Raspberries have
niraln advanced.
Melons are rather weaker. Twelve cars of
Watermelons came In from Fresno,
per small box nnd 40<& 1 63c per large box.
UKeiouous Kiuurs—
APRICOTS— Are about o"t.
APPLES— 25fr40c ' |j«t box for common and
C0c@$l for. good to choice; Crabapples, 20^30c
per small box and 40S65c per large box.
PKAItS— liartletts. :5fe63c In buxes and $109
20 per ton in bulk.
PLUMS— 20Q 40c per box -'and crate; In bulk.
$10^15 per ton; I'runes, 25® 50c per crate; Egg
Plum». IirffMS pnr ton
STRAWBERRIES— $3 50®* £0 per cljest for
large and $«ff?S for small berries.
RASPBKRRIKSMS&IO per chest.
I5LAC1CBKRUIKS— ;3iifo per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $ per chest.
HlU.'KLKHKHHlKtJ— fii^C mr ib. V
FIGS— 50c for single and $1 for double layer
boxes. . ¦ . •
NECTARINES- White. 35®40c per box; red.
40Q'I0c. : -c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was no change in quotations yesterday.
The market was quiet all around. Some held
butter and stored eggs are being drawn on by
consumers, but this business does not amount
to much as yet. Cheese continues quiet.
BUTTEK—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23®23Hc; Bec
onds, 22V4C
Dairy— Fancy. 20c; good to choice. 13®19c;
cemmon. 15jjl7>£c.
Creamery tub — 20c per lb.
Pickled roll— 20c.
Flrktn-lS@20c.
CHEESE— New 8@9c: Young America, 9%®
10c; Eastern. 13V4@14Hc; Western, 10S12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14@17%c for store and 200
23c per dozen lor ranch; Eastern, 14V4S13O.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
A car of Eastern was received, and as there
was some left-over domestic stock from last
week, the market was easy. Two cars more
fall due to-day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9S10c for Gobblers
and 10y.l2c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 Zoifl 50:
GonllnKs. $1 25<gl SO: Ducks, *3"(J4 for old and
$3 50(p4 for young; Hens, $3 50© 5 ; Young Roost
ers, $4!Q5 SO; Old Roosters, $3 S0@4; Fryers,
$3@3 CO; Broilers. $2 5C<fi3 for large and $1 504(2
for small: Pigeons, $1 60^1 75 per dozen for old
anil SI 25<!ri £0 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, EOigCOc per dozen; Cottontnll
Rabbits. $1 25@1 50; Brush Rabbits, 75c@$l;
Hare, $1®1 25.
Poultry and Game.
Sweet Potntops are wenk. Other sorts are un
changed. Onions are rather easy.
Tomatoes are doing much better, but other
wise there Is little change in Vegetables.
POTATOES-Garnpt Chiles. r.Oc; New Early
Rose, 2o<f?30c; Burbanks, So'gf.Oc for Rivers and
C3'8"5c per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, lHc per
pcuii'l.
ONIONS— Yellow, 65©SOc per ctl; Pickle
Onions, 73c.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, COcgll per sack,
90cia$l ppr crate for Berkeley and $1Q;1 50 for
Alameda: Green Peas, 2f?3c per lb; String
Iicans, l I i&2 I i<*: Limas. 31540: Cabbage. 4<Vfinnc;
Tomatoes. Rivers. C0<?i75c: Bay. 75@S5c: V.KS
Plant, 60<S'73c per box; Green Okra, 35ii/75o;
Green Peppers, 23<5'30c per box for Chill and 40
Si60c for Bell; Dried Peppers. Siyiuo: Carrots, 25
<R35c per sack; Summer Squash, 20«ff33c for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 15<g30c for Alameda; Pickles,
$1 per ctl lor No. 1 and 50c for No. 2: Garlic, I
4j3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12@15 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Eayos. $2 C3@2 75: Small White. $3 40
©3 60; lame White. $2 60ff2 75: Pink. $2®2 £5;
Red, $3 23^3 CO; Blackpye, $3 CO; Lima. $3 *0@
3 40; Pea, nominal; Red Kidneys, $4^4 £0.
SEEDS— Brown MuttarJ, nominal; Yellow
Mustard,. 4c; Flax. $2tJ2 20; Canary.
3HjC per lb for California and 4c lor Eastern;
.*lfalfa, nominal; Rape, ZHWe; Hemp, 4@4Vic;
Timothy, 4fi4'vc. ; '.
DIUKD PEAS— Nile*, nominal; Green. $2 25®
2 CO per ctl; lilackeye, $2.
Receipts of Hay were large again, exceeding
1400 tons. Th£ feeling v.as weak, but the mar
ket is In strong hands, and is not allowed to
decline.
BRAN— $12 50Q13 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $1752.0 cer ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $1G1?17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26fi27; Jobbing.
127 DOgiS: Coooanut Cake. $20921; Corn Meal.
{26 50; Cracked Corn. J27; Mixed Feed. $13 50*1714.
HAY— Volunteer, $4 .VJVC 30; Wheat. $10fcl2;
Wheat and Oat, $? r.nf? 1 1 E0; Oat. $SftlO; Clover,
$4^6; Alfalfa. $6® 7 50; Barley, $6 D0®8 CO per
ton.
STRAW— 20©40c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Kxtrn*. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; Bakers' Extras. T3 4033 50; Oregon
and Washington. 12 73@3 10 per barrel for fam
ily and $3 15if?3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern. $4 75®
6 73 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
%Z per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 73: Rye Meal, $2 50;
Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75: extra cream
do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy, $3 30<{f3 75;
Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25: Cracked Wheat,
13 TO: Farina. $4 CO; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 23;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $fff7 25: In sacks, $5 73
W-7: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, |5; Green
Peas, $3 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 7SUC
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— 6000 ctls. 78V4c; 6000, 7SHc
OATS— There is a fair demand at steady quo
tations. . „ _, „
White. $1 10<Sl 33; Surprise. $1 3oSl 40;
Red. $1 10©l 2:14; Gray. $1 101J1 20; Black.
$1 07U(f?l 22y. per ctls; off grades of all kinds.
$1@1 07%.
CORN— Large Yellow. $1 23 per ctl : White.
$1 25 per ctl;, Small Round Yellow, $1 25.
RYE— 90@93&c per ctL
WHEAT— Paris was higher. It was a holiday
at Liverpool.
Chicago was firm under foreign orders to buy,
but there was a disposition on the part of
operators to hold off for the Government report.
Reports from Kansas said that receipts at
country points were decreasing. There was a
decrease on passage of 1,250,000 ctls, and an
increase of 1.CC6.000 bushels in the American
visible supply. The weather in the Corn belt
was reported hot and dry.
The local market was dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $103^; Milling, %l 05
©1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— SOOO
ctls, $1 10%.
Second Session— December— 20C0 ctls, $1 10" 8 ;
2000, $1 lL
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — December— 2000 ctls,
$1 liy.; 10.000, $1 11%; SOOO, $1 11=;*; 14,C0O, $1 11%;
10,000, $1 12.
BARLEY— Prices showed little change. The
market was quiet.
Feed, "hU^'.ic for No. 1 and 67HQ72Wc for oft
grades; Brewing and shipping grades, SO@S2»£c;
Chevalier, nominal.
Sterling Exchange, sight V- $4 88H
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 13<4
Fine Silver, per ounce — <S0T4
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4SV4
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sun rises g : u
Sun sets 7.^
Moon sets \.ZS a. m"
Silzrr and Exchange unchanged as before.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay in heavy receipt again.
Beans and Seeds as before quoted.
Potatoes and Onions easy. Tomatoes doing better.
A car vf Eastern Poultry in.
Butter* Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Peaches rather weaker on canning account.
Nothing nezv in Dried Fruit.
Provisions firm at the recent advance.
Tallozo zicak. Hides relatively higher than in the East.
Meat market steady at previous quotations.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The week started with better grades of eva
porated apples in good demand at fully sus
tained rrice8.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES — 3@5c:
prime. 4*i@oi4c; choice, 5^4S6c; fancy, 6%<g:7c.
California dried fruits, dull, about steady.
PRUNES— 3H@7e.
APRICOTS— Royal. llS14c; Moorpark. 15®17c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14®iec; unpeeled, «<g3c.
DRIED FRUITS.
f. o. b. afloat. Options— Opened steady on for
eign buying- and higher cables, eased oft In
midday under Southwest receipts and the visi
ble supply Increase, rallied with corn and on
unfavorable weather abroad and closed firm at
%S',2C net advance. September, SO^c, closed
SOHc; November, closed £0%c; December, 81%
@S2%c closed . S2V4C
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Spct— Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice.
9Uc; mild, quiet; Cordova, nominal. Futures —
Closed steady, 5 points higher to 5 points net
lower. Total sales 24,230 bags. Including: Sep
tember, $7 60®7 70; October, $7 75; December,
$7 S0<g7 95; January, $7 90@7 95; March, $S©S 05;
May. $8 lO^S 20.
SUGAR — Raw — Dull and easy. Fair refining,
4Hc; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 13-16c; molasses
sugar, 4c. Reflned— Easy; No. 6, 5.55c; No. 7,
6.40c; No. 8. 6.35c; No. 9, 6.25c; No. 10, 5.20c;
No. 11. 5.20c; No. 12. 5.15c; Nos. 13 and 14, 5.10c;
standard A. 5.90c; confectioners' A, 5.40c; mold
A, 6.33c: cut loaf, 6.50c; crushed, 6.50c; pow
dered, 6.20c; granulated, 6.10c; cubes, 6.25c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,300 packages; steady.
Creamer}', 17@20c; current packing factory, 14®
159ic.
EGGS— Receipts, 11.5S4 packages; steady.
Western at mark. ll@13^o for average lots;
Western loss off, I5%c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Aug. 6-ClearIngs, $352,704; bal
ances, $57,323.
PORTLAND, Aug. 6.— Wheat exporters are
still quoting the market nominal at 54o and 53c
for cither, valley or Walla Walla. Bluestem
was quoted at 5Sc. but there Is little of any
grade selling. Cleared— British ship Harlech
Castle, Queenstown, 121,544 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 6."— Wheat futures, quiet and
unchanged; blue stem, 59c; club, 56c; both for
export.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW. YORK, Aug. 6.— Business was rather
dull in metals to-day. All quotations un
changed.' Pig warrants ruled weak and nom
inal with no demand at ?12. Lake copper, quiet,
$16 SO. Tin very quiet, J32W32 25. Lead, dull.
54 25. Spelter, quiet, $4 20«i"4 23. The brokers'
price for. lead was $4 CO and for copper $16 CO.
New York Metal Market.
store and afloat on Saturday, August 4, as
compiled by the New York Produce Exchange:
Bushels. Increase. . Decrease.
Wheat 47.535,000 1.6G6.000
Corn 12,320,000 028,000 ........
Oats 5,580.000 107,000
Barley G07.000 6,000
Rye 405,000 113,000
Flour, qr sks.... C.232'.Hay. tons 1,424
Wheat, ctls 6,C3<>, Polls, bdls 30
Barley, ctls 6C.4S7; Hides, No 139
Oats ctla 2.0^0 Hops, bales ,-,» 8
Butter, ctls 2(>fi!Wool, bales 146
Cheese, ctla lOCjWlne, gals 73,600
Rcans. Bks 1.329! Lime, bbls 740
Potatoes, sks 3.RS5 Eggs, doz 14.7iV)
Onions, pks/ 9«0 Pucar, bbls 275
Middlings, sks ' 5S0 Quicksilver, flsks 45
Bran, sks 330 Leather, rolls — 83
Flour, qr Bks 1.020 lOata. ctls.l S10
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 2,040|
FOR MONDAY. AUG. 6, 1000.
_. . ; 7777 -¦''-,-
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bag-s: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.20c: Powdered,
3 SOc; Candy Granulated. u.SOc; Dry Granulated.
6.70c; Confectioners' A. 5.70c: Magnolia A.
5.30c; Extra C. 3.20c; Golden C. 3.10c; barrels.
10c more: half-barrels. 23c more; boxes, 50c
more; SO-lb bag*. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 73 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
inos, half-barrels, 6.43c; boxes, G.TOc per lb.
COAL— Wellington. $!• per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, |7: Bryant, $6;
Coos Vay. $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative
Wallsend. 19; CumberlHiiJ. J12 in bulk and J13 23
In packs: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke. $16 per ton in bulk
and $18 in 6acks; Kocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 4") per ZCOO pounds and $3 50 per ton. according
to brand.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $3 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6ii6!ic; Wool Bags, 2S'-4^32Hc;
Fleece Twine. 7'ic; Fruit Bags, 6H®6?ic for
whtte and 8KCS%<3 for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6-§C>r4c for small. 5%fr5%c
for medium and E'-jfToSc for large: 6tock Hogs
and feeders, 5Vsftf5Sc; dressed Hogs, a'Qi'Ac.
LAMB— Fpring. 8V4®Oc per lb.
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket.
BEEF— 3@6c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7OSc; small. 9®9>*c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7V-@8c; ewes. 7Q7^c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 14© 15c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free, 14316c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12^14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', 11012c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. 10ffirl2c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', 9£Uc; Humboldt and Mendoctno.
16S17c; Nevada. 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs', 8@9c per lb.
HOPS— Old. nominal at 5610c i*r lb; new,
10312c.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands seil
nbout lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9>4c; medium, 8^c; light. S%c; Cow
hides.. 8%c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf, 9c;
Dry Hides, sound, 13c; Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf.
15c; culls and brands, 12c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings. 20®30c each: short Wool, 30<3DOc each;
medium, 60(gS0c; long Wool, 90c@$l 10 each;
Horse Hldes J salt, $2®2 25 for large, $1 75 for
medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse
Hides, dry, Jl 50 for large, $1 25 for medium,
$1 for email and 25©30c for colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins,
30c; winter cr ¦ thin skins. 20c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 7£c; large and smooth, 60c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No. 2.
3c; refined. 5Hc; grease. 2fi2Hc.
Tallow Is weak In sympathy with the East,
but there Is no actual decline. Hides are rela
tively about lc higher here than at Chicago,
as there Is a fair demand locally for leather.
The Eastern markets for hides and leather
continue depressed.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 10V£c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 12%c for light, 13c
for extra light and 14}£c for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13; Family, $14: extra Prime
Pork, $15; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50; Smoked
Beef, 12&i?n3c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9Uc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9V4c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, S%c; one tierce, SHc; two tierces,
SVic; flve tierces, &%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The market Is firm at the advance, but the
demand is not very active. Stocks of cured
meats are light.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8@10c for Standards and 9
@llc for softshells; new Almonds, UH@12Hc
for paper-shell, 9H@l°Hc for soft and 6@7c for
hardshell; Peanuts, 5<g6V&c for Eastern and
E@Cc for California; Brazil Nuts. ll@12tic: Fil
berts 12®13c; Pecans, 11:9 13c; Cocoanuts, J3 60
@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12V4c for bright and 11@
Jl«.c for light amber; water white, 7»4<if7%c;
light amber extracted. 6v t (Q6%c; dark. 5>/4<&t>c
per lb. v -.' s ¦: ¦'
BEESWAX— 24 ©26c per lb.
KAISINS — Bleached Thompson's fancy; per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime. «; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, 8M;c; choice, "Vic; standard. 6Vfcc;
prime. Ec; unbleached Sultanas, oc; Seedless,
iO-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5Hc;
3-crown. 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, $1 to per box; 3-crown, Jl 60. Fancy
Clusters, *2; Dehesa, J2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California. .
NEW CROP— Apricots. 60TV&C for Royals and
8%@10Vic for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
Ciitc; i>un-dried, 3(a3Vic; Peaches, 3c for stand
ard, 6c for choice and 7c for fancy; Pears, §Q
7%c: Plums, pitted. 5<ft6c; unpltted. l@lV4c:
Nectarines, i'lic for red and 5<gtie for white.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valenclas. J2@S 50; Lem
ons, $1 50@2 60 for common and J3@4 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, $7; Bananas,
Jl 2.'.«i-J SO per bunch; Pineapples, {1 50{j3 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nitts and Raisins.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 35c@$l per case: Canta
loupes, Jl@2 per crate; Watermelons, $S@20 per
100.
GRAPES— Fontainebleau, 35@50c per crate;
Muscats, 40<JJ75c per crate; Seedless, 65cfgjl per
crate; Sweet water, 35@50c; black, £0@73c; To
kay, Jl.
PEACHES— 2<hg4Oc per box and 23^t«c per
basket; in carriers, 60©75c: In bulk. $12 50^20
per ten for freestone and J20625 for clings.
Cooper Me-llcnl College <a corporation, owner)
with the Davis-Mumma Company (contractors),
architect An electric lighting system for
Cooper Medical Collece buildings on lot W 275
of W A block 270; J2330.
Building Contracts.
Margaret Chaffer to Carrie L. Gregory, lot
on E line of Haley avenue, 230 S of Hopkins
street, S 60 by E 135.30. being lots 14 and 15.
Map of Welater Heights, Frultvale. Brooklyn
Township; 110.
Same to Andrew Andersen (son), lot on E
line of Tenth street. 100 S of University avenu;.
S 50 by E 133. Berkeley: gift.
Same to Metha A. Andersen (daughter), lot
on S line of University avenue. 120 W of San
Pablo avenue, W 37:6 by S 100, Berkeley; gift.
Catherine Kennedy to same, lot on W corner
of East Fourteenth street and Twenty-fourth
avenue. NW 15 by SW 150. to be used for a
public street. East Oakland; Jl.
Grethe Andersen (widow) to Christian Ander
sen (?on), lot on NW corner of Bristol an-1
Tenth streets. W 53 by N 100. being lot 10,
block 79, tract B, Berkeley L. and T. I. Asso
ciation, Berkeley; gift.
Charles E. Dennett (administrator of the
rotate of Frederick L. Dennett or Der.ett) to
Alameda Land Company (a corporation), lots
25 and 2fi and SE half lot 12. Revised Map of
Enrlnal Home Lots, except that portion tak»n
fnr widening Santa Clara avenue, Alameda;
Elizabeth A. K. McNHU to city of Oakland,
lot on N corner of East Twelfth street and
Twenty-fourth avenue. NW 13 by XE 130. to
be used for a public street. East Oakland; SI.
ll'nry Root to same, lot on W corner of East
Twelfth street and Twenty-fourth avenue. NW
13 by SW 2.S9.52. to be used for a public street.
East Oakland: II.
Alamedn. County.
Sarah J. de la Montanya (mother). James de
la Montanya (son) and Sarah J. de la Mon
tanya (daughter) to J. de la Montanya Com
pany (a corporation), lot on E line of Battery
street, 43:10 N of Jackson. X 43 by E 137:6; also
lot on X line ot Jackson street. €6 K of Bat
tery. N 45:10 by E 41:8. excepting property on
Jackson street. E of Battery, should the same
overlap: $10.
J. B. Lewis to Elizabeth A. Keller, lot on S
line of Eighteenth street. 34:10 E of Fair Oaks,
also 324:10 E of Dolores. E 27 by S 101; also lot
on W line of Chenery street, 134:9 S of Kalr
mount. S 138. NW 145. N 20. E 223. lots 11 and
12. block 15, Fuli-mount: also lot on SE line of
Delaware street, SO SW of Unadllla, SW ISO,
SE to West Lake avenue, thence E of N along
ravine, thence along XE line lot 2 to beginning.
lots 2 and 3, block 20. West End Map No. 1; $10.
John Lynch to Ellen Lynch, lot on N line of
Willows street. 12S W of Mission. \V 28 by N
1C0: also lot on N line of Willows street. 230 W
of Mission, W Eu by N 100; also lot 4. Park Lane
Tract No. 3: gift.
Frederlka F. Schloss, Nannie A. and Morris
Meyerfeld Jr. to Charles E. Congdon, lot on X
line of Fell street. 7S:l l i W of Cole, W 23 by
N 100; $100.
Eliza A. Stearn«. Henry O. Stearns (bank
rupt), L. Demartlnl, trustee (by II. McCovert,
commissioner) to San Francisco Mutual Loan
and Building Association, lot on W line of
Scott street. 131 N of Page, N 24:9 by W 1C6:3;
$4123.
REA1 ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
30 Mak'awelt S Co « 50
25 Makawell S Co ** 00
5 Oceanic S S Co 92 00
200 Paauhau S P Co 30 75
40 Pac Gas Imp 61 50
10 S F Gas & Klectrlc Co 54 3.Vs
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 54 25
$6000 S P of A bonds Ul 374
15 S V Water 9J 8'Vi
100 Vlgorit. b 10 3 »
ICO Vigorlt. b 15 * «
150 Vltrorlt 3 2j
Street—
$3000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 10o j>9
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 113 -o
J1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 118 »O
PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE.
! „ Morning Session.
Board — : ¦
100 Caribou 1"
, 25 Home Oil * «°
: 1C0 Home OH. b 30 * JJ
£00 Independence 16
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Home Oil * £>
100 Home Oil * &>
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 11 100 Justice 08
200 Andes 12 400 Mexican 20
10O Belcher 22 200 Occidental .... 08
200 Best & Belch 2i 100 Ophlr "3
1C0 Best & Belch 24 100 Savage 1»
. 300 Challenge 31 600 Seg Belcher... 04
200 Con Cal & Va 1 60.' 100 Sierra, Nevada 27
600 Crown Point... 19 200 Utah 11
ISO Crown Point... 20 400 Yellow Jacket. 36
200 Gould &, Curry 2SJ ,
Afternoon Session.
300 Challenge 23) 300 Occidental .... 07
100 Chollar 15 100 Savage 1*
450 Con Cal & Va 1 65 400 Sierra Nevada. 27
100 Confldence .... 1 00 200 Silver Hill 60
100 Crown Point... 17 £0 Silver H11J 53
100 Gould & Curry 20 100 Yellow Jacket. 32
600 "Mexican 18 1
The following were the sales in th« Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 22 600 Kentuck 03
EOO Belcher 21 200 Mexican 20
4C0 Best & Belch. 22 300 Mexican 19
100 Caledonia 7» 300 Overman 11
100 Caledonia 77 700 Potosl 14
200 Challenge Con. 32 200 Savage 15
400 Chollar 13 300 Scorpion 04
200 Con Cal & V.I UJV,\ 300 Sierra Nevada. 27
50 Confldence .... 1 101 300 Sierra Nevada. 28
50 Confldence .... 1 00 600 Silver Hill «0
100 Confldence .... 95 1C0 Standard 4 40
2000 Con Imperial.. 02 400 Union Con 23
300 Gould & Curry 22 300 Utah 11
7C0 Gould & Curry 21 10CO Yellow Jacket. 36
400 Gould & Curry 20 200 Yellow Jacket. 33
600 Justice 08 1 1300 Yellow Jacket. 33
200 Kentuck 03 1 500. Yellow Jacket. 32
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha Con 09 500 Kentuck 03
200 Best & Belch. 22 200 Ophir 71
500 Bullion 04 1 200 Ophlr 63
200 Caledonia 70 200 Savage 13
600 Con Imperial.. 02 100 Savage 14
200 Gould & Curry 20' 800 Union Con 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Btfl.Ask.
Alpha OS 09'Justlce 07 09
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 02 03
Anden 10 11 Lady Wash 02 —
Belcher 20 21 Mexican 17 13
Best & Belcher 21 22 Occidental 06 CS
Bullion 04 OilOpblr 69 70
Caledonia 70 72' Overman C9 10
Chollar 14 15'Potosi 14 15
Challenge Con.. 28 30;Savage 13 14
Confldence 93 93. Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal 4: Va..l 55 1 60JSeg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial .. 01 03 Sierra Nevada. 26 27
Con New York. — 04 'Silver Hill 59 €0
Eureka Con.... — .'0 Ft Louts — IS
Crown Point.... 16 17 {Standard 4 40 4 50
Exchequer C2 OS Syndicate »7 —
Gould & Curry. 19 . *> \ Union Con 22 23
Hale & Norcrs. 21 '23 Utah 00 11
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 31 33
.THLK SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1900.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 7.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
Ihe city front (Mission-street whr»rf) about
twenty- Jive minutes later than at Fort Point'
the height of tide is th« same at both placet.'
Francisco Bay. Published by of3c!al au
thority of the Superintendent.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
| Pier
O. Dollar.. (Grays Harbor
Cocs Bay.. [Newport
Curneao ...I Mexico..
Rival |Shoal\»ater B
Kureka .... Humholdt
San Bias... New York
Al.imeda .. Australia
Corona San Diego
Untatllta .. Victoria
J. Klmball.jCape Nom»...
Bonlta ....[Newport
Arcata ICoos Bay
City PeklnjrlChlna&Jnpanl
Pan Juan. .|Cen. America.
Orizaba (Humboldt !
State of Call Portland
Santa RosalSan IMpko I
Pt. Arena. .|Polnt Arena. .|
Aujr. 7. 12 m
Auk. 7. i am Pier 11
Aujr. 7. 10 am Pier 11
Aur. 7. 12 m Pier IS
Aug. ft. 10 am Pier IS
Aug. 8. 12 m PMSS
Auk. 8. 8 am Pier 7
Auk. 9. 11 am Pier 11
Au«. 9, 11 am Pier 9
Aug. 9. S pm|PIer 2
Au«. 11. • 9 ami Pier 11
Aujr. 11. 12 m Pier 13
Ausr. li. i pmfPMSS
'Alls. 11. lpm PMSS
Auj?. 11. 2pm|Pier 9
Aiic. 11. 11 am!P1er !t
Auk. 13. 11 ami Pier 9
Auk. 13. 3 pmjPler 2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Santa Cruz .... Seattle Aug. 1
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 7
City of Para.... New York Aug. 7
Corotia San DIpko Auk. 7
Slam |Oyster Harbor Auk' 7
State of Cal IPortland Auc. 8
Robt. Adamson Xanalmo Auk 8
BSnlta Newport Aug 9
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. 9
Arctita .'.. Cooa Bay „... Aug. 9
Orizaba Humboldt Aufr 9
City ot Puebla. Victoria Auk W
Point Arena.... Point Arena Au? 11
Kmplre Cooa Bay Aus. 19
Santa Ilosa .... San Diego Aug. 11
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 11
North Fork Humboldt Auk. 11
Del Norte Portland '. Auk 13
Columbia Portland Aus 13
Cooa Bay.. Newport Auk. 13
O Time Tiaael JTimel
P ! Ft. 1 Ft. ( >
7 ... 1:35 0.0 J:51 4.2 2:05!
8 ... 3:20 —0.3 10:30 4.4 3:02!
» ... 4:02—0.4! H:CS 4.7 3:54 ;
10 ... 4:43—0.3 11:44 S.OI 4:441
U 5:23—0.2112:191 5.2! 5:33i
13 ... 602 0.21 12:54 5.4j 6:2S!
H vr\ ¦ L -^v 'h vr\
13 ... 0:43 5.4 6:15 0.7J 1:30
! |T!
Ft. !—
H
;~3l|~
! 2.9
. t.<
! 2.2! 1
i 1.3 1
! 5.4:
to
[
8:
9:
»:
to-.
W
M
:3'
:«
I
..!
V
I3i
Ft.
! 5.*
P
I a
i 1.3
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
| Pier
O. Dollar.. (Grays Harbor
Cocs Bay.. [Newport
Curneao ...I Mexico..
Rival |Shoal\»ater B
Kureka .... Humholdt
San Bias... New York
Al.imeda .. Australia
Corona San Diego
Untatllta .. Victoria
J. Klmball.jCape Nom»...
Bonlta ....[Newport
Arcata ICoos Bay
City PeklnjrlChlna&Jnpanl
Pan Juan. .|Cen. America.
Orizaba (Humboldt !
State of Call Portland
Santa RosalSan IMpko I
Pt. Arena. .|Polnt Arena. .|
Aujr. 7. 12 m
Auk. 7. i am Pier 11
Aujr. 7. 10 am Pier 11
Aur. 7. 12 m Pier IS
Aug. ft. 10 am Pier IS
Aug. 8. 12 m PMSS
Auk. 8. 8 am Pier 7
Auk. 9. 11 am Pier 11
Au«. 9, 11 am Pier 9
Aug. 9. S pm|PIer 2
Au«. 11. • 9 ami Pier 11
Aujr. 11. 12 m Pier 13
Ausr. li. i pmfPMSS
'Alls. 11. lpm PMSS
Auj?. 11. 2pm|Pier 9
Aiic. 11. 11 am!P1er !t
Auk. 13. 11 ami Pier 9
Auk. 13. 3 pmjPler 2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Santa Cruz .... Seattle Aug. 1
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 7
City of Para.... New York Aug. 7
Corotia San DIpko Auk. 7
Slam |Oyster Harbor Auk' 7
State of Cal IPortland Auc. 8
Robt. Adamson Xanalmo Auk 8
BSnlta Newport Aug 9
Crescent City .. Crescent City Aug. 9
Arctita .'.. Cooa Bay „... Aug. 9
Orizaba Humboldt Aufr 9
City ot Puebla. Victoria Auk W
Point Arena.... Point Arena Au? 11
Kmplre Cooa Bay Aus. 19
Santa Ilosa .... San Diego Aug. 11
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 11
North Fork Humboldt Auk. 11
Del Norte Portland '. Auk 13
Columbia Portland Aus 13
Cooa Bay.. Newport Auk. 13
O Time Tiaael JTimel
P ! Ft. 1 Ft. ( >
7 ... 1:35 0.0 J:51 4.2 2:05!
8 ... 3:20 —0.3 10:30 4.4 3:02!
» ... 4:02—0.4! H:CS 4.7 3:54 ;
10 ... 4:43—0.3 11:44 S.OI 4:441
U 5:23—0.2112:191 5.2! 5:33i
13 ... 602 0.21 12:54 5.4j 6:2S!
H vr\ ¦ L -^v 'h vr\
13 ... 0:43 5.4 6:15 0.7J 1:30
! |T!
Ft. !—
H
;~3l|~
! 2.9
. t.<
! 2.2! 1
i 1.3 1
! 5.4:
to
[
8:
9:
»:
to-.
W
M
:3'
:«
I
..!
V
I3i
Ft.
! 5.*
P
I a
i 1.3
327 SIXTH SIREET.
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST S. AT 11 A. M.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET
By order of Studcbaker Bros, we will sell
35 VEHICLES, consisting of Carriages. Sur-
rles. Open and Top Bugifie», Wasons. Carts, all
new. This Is a stock of vehicles from an In-
terior warehouse, now discontinued, and must
be sold without limit or reserve. Vehicles at
our warehouse now.
STL'DEBAKER BROS.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
f^UWIIvJfli i-/ l\ Aj JL/ OsOAKLAND. Aug. 6. -Mrs. J. Tchlch and
her attorney. F. J. Crowley, appeared be
fore Judge Greene to-day with "a petition,
to be appointed guardian of her three lit
tle girl*, who are now In the hands of
Mrs. Lydia Prescott. The woman was not
only refused the control of her offspring,
but was denied even the privilege of visit
ing them.
Judge Greene, after hearing the testi
mony of Mrs. Tshlch. eoundly scored; the
woman and Attorney Crowley. He said
that the mother was no fit person to have
chargo of the children and. took Crowley
JUDGE GREENE SCORES
ATTORNEY F. J. CROWLEY
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— The will of Can
tain Edward C. Perks, late of the trans
port service, has been liled for probate.
The will Is written on a single sheet of
parchment paper, more than a yard In
length. It bequeaths $100 to the Green
wich Hospital at Greenwich, England.
The remainder of the property, which is
valued at ttalO. Is divided among the de
ceased captain's wife and relatives. The
widow. Auguste M. Perks, Is named as
executrix. ?
Transport Captain's Will.
LAFAYETTE, Ind., Aug. 6.— The Monon
passenger train, leaving here at 12:10 this
morning, collided with an engine running
light at^ South'- Raub"; Beven. miles eouth.
Henry Whltsell. engineer, was severely
scalded, and James Hudlow. engineer • of
the passenger train, waa instantly killed,
and a number, of passengers severely In
jured, i Three passengers were killed;
names unknown. It was 'Impossible to get
Killed in a Wreck.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— The seventy-foot
sloop Rainbow, owned by Cornelius Van
derbilt, won the Commodore's cup for
sloops of that class : to-day in the New
York Yacht Club's race, sailing 1 over a
twenty-one-mile course on Lon Island
Sound. Sh« defeated August Belmont's
Mineola and Harry Payne Whitney's
Yankee. The Quisetta won the Commo
dore's cup for schooners. The cup for all
cloops in one class waa probably won by
the Syce.
Rainbow Wins.
OAKIiAND, Aug. 6.— Marriage licenses
were issued to-day to the following named
couples: Edwin II. Harvey. 24, Sacra
mento, and Aljce M. Quinn. 24, Sacra
mento: Emil Miller, 2rt, San Francisco, and
Mrs. Madeline Garrett. 27, San Francisco:
Frank M. Ewer. 20, San Francisco, and
Helen B. Voae, 21, Roxbury. Mass.; Wil
liam A. Duncan, 31; San Francisco, and
Mary E. Larry, 32, San Francisco; E. L
Sullivan, 42, Emeryville, and Nellie Stev
ons, 37, Emeryville; Franklin P. Summers,
21, Oakland, and May V. Young, 18, Oak
land.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKIiAN'D, Aug. 6.— Steps were taken
this evening to organize a Twentieth Cen
tury Club at the Unitarian Church. A
committee composed of Colonel J. P.
Irish, A. H. KUlot, Dr. K. von Adelung,
A. A. Deninon and G. S. Evans met in the
church parlors and completed plans for
the formation of the society.
The object is the discussion of the eth
ical side of current political questions.
Meetings will be held on the first Monday
evening of each month. At the first
meeting, to be. held In the church on the
l?.th Inst, officers will be elected and a
programme of discussions arranged. All
men interested in the o5>1ects of the club
are eligible to membership.
Every Sunday evening in September lec
tures will be delivered under the auspices
of the society on the "Moral Claims of the
Various Political Parties."
TWENTIETH CENTURY CLUB
AT UNITARIAN CHURCH
Rather than go to Jail for burglary,
Frank I,. Rfiehenberg, an escape from
a Washington asylum for insane, declared
in fervrnt tones to Police Judge Smith
this morning that he would prtfer being
returrcd to tin institution from which
lie tycaped. The unfortunate man asked
for a <ontinua!!ce of his case until the
"Washington authorities could be notified.
The t'i loner's iooks and incoherent state
ments convinc-d the court of the truth
of Kcichenberg'8 statements and a con
tinuance was granted until nc "t Monday.
It* jchcKberg is accused of breaking into
the paint store cf Al. Wood and stealing
a quantity cf poods. As soon as he waa
placed In a cell tn the City Prison he
c-Gmp''nced to act quetriy and told ram
l> 1|r t ftorics' to the Jallerg and to any of
Ills ¦LlUiW prisoner* who cared to listen
to "nis weird talcs.
Feveral days ago the man was suddenly
rtricken dumb and then his senre of feel
ing left. Pins Jabbed Into his flesh caused
rot a wince. When brought Into court
ih<« morning Reichenbers had only par-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
7118 Broadway. Aug. 6.
Accused Burglar Pleads to
Be Returned to a Mad
house.
PREFERS ASYLUM
FOR THE INSANE
TO PRISON CELL
The wagon was a complete wreck Its
remains being distributed for two blocks
on Park street. It contained French
bread, which was cast upon the waters
of the tidal canal near by. The horse Is
dead. It was found necessary to sum
mon an officer to shoot him, bo badly cut
up was he. _
ALAMEDA, Aug. 6.-In a collision be
tween an Oakland Transit car and a bak
ery wagon this morning P. Beigbeder, the
driver of the wagon, narrowly escaped
death. When Beigbeder saw that him
self and vehicle were about to be demol
ished he made an attempt to jump But
his feet became entangled In the harness
The concussion threw him twenty feet'
When picked up Beigbeder was somewhat
groggy, but he soon regained his compo
sure. No bones were broken, but there
were a number of abrasions about the
man's body. .
HURLED INTO THE AIR
BY FLYING ELECTRIC CAR
tlally recovered his speech. Only after
great effort was he able to plead to be
returned to the. insane asylum Instead of
being confined to a prison cell.
Reichenberg will probably be returned
to Washington
'to task for having the little girls brought
Into court to listen to the story of their
mother's degradation.
WANT PURE POLITICS
IN THE COMING FIGHT
There Is a movement on foot among the
well-known and popular Democrats that
bodes no good to the wing of the party
known as the Phelanites. With a strong
politician of the Thirty-first District at
their head, a meeting will be held Thurs
day evening at Pythian Castle, and judg
ing from the amount of voters who have
declared themselves in Its favor the new
organization will put a heavy crimp in
the programme which Is being made up
by the czar of the local party. Dissatis
fied, but not as bolters or kickers, thia
faction will for Its first move make a de
termined effort to have the control of the
coming primary election taken from the
County Committee and for the State Cen
tral Committee to hold the primary under
Its own auspices
•Another object of the movement will be
to do away with by legal means the civil
service section of the charter. Much ar
gument will be brought to bear to show
that the civil service law Is a subterfuge
for the bosses, and that as It stands It Is
their very weapon of power and the path
way for Ignorant and incompetent ward
hfelera to good positions, to the detriment
of capable applicants.- a condition which
the civil service law itself wai framed to
P 7t Is the Intention of the organization. It
no redress can be had from the State Cen
tral Committee, to nominate for the No-^
vember election a ticket of Its own mad*
up of candidates for the judiciary of men
well known for their anti-boss principle*.
ITALIANS WILL HOLD
is v MEMORIAL SERVICES
1 '.
Representative citizens of the Italian
colony met as an executive committee
last night at Garibaldi Hall to perfect ar
rangements for a memorial service to be
.held to commemorate the death of the
late King Humbert. F. Cavag-naro acted
as chairman. The services will be held
at Metropolitan Temple on Thursday
afternoon next, commencing at 1 o'clock,
at which hour the funeral of the late King
will be held in Rome. ¦
The programme so far as completed will
consist of reading of the service in Eng
lish by Samuel M. Shortridge. and in Ital
ian by Chevalier Joseph Calegaris and
appropriate musical ceremonies by a host
of Italian opera singers under the direc
tion of Professors Martinez and Spadina.
Resolutions befitting the occasion will
be drafted at the meeting and sent to the
family of the late King. A general invi
tation Is given to the foreign Consuls in
this city, the Board of Supervisors and
the press. General Shafter will be asked
to attend the services. - "; - s
BERKELEY, Aug. G. — George J. Iluf
ferdine, the new football trainer at
the University of California, al
though taking an active part and
interest in all forms of athletics, has
made his best records as a swimmer. On
September 8, 1S97, Hufferdino established
a world's record across the Golden Gate,
swimming that distance in 48 minutes,
lie also holds a record from Sausalito
to Belvedere. As an example of his
strength and endurance, Hufferdine has
skipped a rone 3500 times without a break.
Iiesides having received a care
ful training in physical culture. Mr.
Hufferdine. has been a close stu
dent of anatomy. That .he might be bet
ter qualified to assist the football men
In case of injury, he is now taking a
surgical course unJer Dr. F. R. Woolsey
of Berkeley and practical work under Dr.
McOettigan of the City and County Hos
pital of San Francisco.
While East with the university track
team Mr. Hufferdine took careful notes of
Eastern training methods. He declares
that trip will prove itself or inestimable
value to university athletes.
GEORGE J. HUFFERD1NE. V
BERKLEY'S NEW
FOOTBALL TRAINER
Supervisor Mitchell suggested that the
testimony should be written up in order
that the Supervisors m'ght have an op
portuntty to study It flnd the hearing was
adjourned until next Monday.
"Are there any other candidates who
are working in your office securing similar
Information?" asked Supervisor Mitchell.
"Only yourself and Mr. Booth." replied
the County Clerk.
"I am not reflecting upon the Board of
Supervisors, but upon the Governor of th-»
State, ¦who refused to sign a bill which
had passed with but one dissenting vote
and which would have granted me the
relief necessary." replied the County
Cl*rk.
"Why don't you tell why you don't get
nny help from the Supervisors?" nai-i
Supervisor Church-. "You have no rlghf
to reflect upon the board."
"Yes." replied the County Clerk.
"And the gas that has been referred to
would have been burned anyway?" con
tinued'Mr. Baker.
"Yes. and I want to say that these ex
tra deputies paid by outsiders ar* dolnst
work for which the county might be com
pelled to pay otherwise, for I have been
unable to secure any help from the Super
visors."
"Your clerks are engaged In perfecting
the Great Register at the same time, are
thev not?" asked Mr. Baker.
"Was anything done except to furnish
to citizens of this county such Information
fin they have a right to secure?" asked
Mr. Baker.
"I am doing only ¦what has always been
done." said Mr. Jordan, "and to which
there has been no objection before."
"Then it comes to thts." said Mr. Chap
man, "the rooms, furniture and gas nf
the county are being used for the advance
ment of private political ends?"
Mr. Chapman ceased his fftiestions and
George W. Baker asked a few in behalf
of hfs client.
"I had nearly my entire staff." replied
the County Clerk, "but they were engaged
only In public work. Mr. Metcalf can
put In twenty-five deputies. If he wanta
to."
At this point M. C. Chapman announced
that he represented Mr. Hardy and de
sired to ask some questions. Mr. Snook
objected upon the ground that Mr. Hardy
ought to be present.
"I would like to find out how Mr. Hardy
came to know the things stated in hia
complaint," said Ccunty Clerk Jordan,
"and I would like to have him present."
But Mr. Hardy was not present and Mr.
Chapman began a steady bombardment of
questions.
"How many employes have you In your'
office not under county pay?" demanded
Mr. Chapman.
"About twenty-five or thirty." replied
Mr. Jordan.
"F?y whom are they paid?"
"Mr. Dalton has paid all salaries." re
plied the County Clerk.
"How many regular deputies did you
have at work In your office yesterday?"
asked Mr. Chapman.
the other if requested. At that time
block books were sent out. campaign lit
erature was Issued, and i prepared seven
thousand certificates that were to be used
for voting at the primary. In this I
was advised at that time by my present
attorney. Mr. Snook, that my action wast
legal. This work was paid for by Emil
Nusbaumer. Supervisor Church knew
of this work and not only did not object
to it. but wrote me a letter asking me
to Issue certain special certificates which
I did not do. as I considered them im
proper. These certificates were issued
only for the use of Mr. Metcalf. and I was
assured that they would be used leglti-,
mately. How were they used? They
were found in the hands of 'rockrollers*
who ¦were not entitled to them. They
were found In saloons and In the hand3
of persons who would do the bidding of
Mr. Metcalf. I offered the same facilities
to Mr. Hilborn. but hi? managers wer«*
not as' smooth as the others and did not
take ndvantage of my offer. Another pri
mary comes around, and one side makes
a request for certain Information. They
i supply the help, block books, material
j and all expense. This request was grant
¦¦ ed, and an offer was made Mr. Metcalf of
| the same facilities. I believe that even
some of the members of this board have
men at work securing similar informa
i tion."
OAKLAND. Aug. 6.— County Clerk
Frank C. Jordan was the storm
center In Oakland to-day. The
Board of Supervisors occupied the
day in investigating h!s office and trying
to "learn whether he was using it for the
purpose of furthering private political
ends. Prominent men from all walks of
life filled the rooms to watch the proceed
ings Coming at the particular moment in
the campaign that it did, the incident was
given additional flavor and every move
was watched with the greatest Interest.
The County Clerk knew that It was a
critical moment and he threatened to tell
something about the campaign of two
years ago, In which he was variously im
plicated. He hurled this threat at the
opposition several times and finally made
his statement, which resolved Itself down
to an assertion that he was doing for Mr.
Dalton and against Mr. Metcalf this year
exactly what he did for Mr. Metcalf and
against Mr. Hilborn two years ago.
The morning session was uninteresting
compared with that of the afternoon. It
consisted merely of the Introduction of
written charges against the County Clerk,
signed by W. B. Hardy and presented by
Supervisor Church. These charges were
as follows:
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors of
the County of Alameda. State of California- ;
Gentlemen: As a citizen and taxpayer of the
SmntC of Alameda. I respectfully call the at
tention of your honorable body to and hereby
Imerniy earnest protest against the action of
your honorable body In suPering and permittlnu
a public office of the county, to wit: the Coun y
Clerk's office, to be longer ufed by the County
Clerk of said county and other persons for
partisan political purposes or for any purpose
whatsoever save and except the traneaction of
the public business.
While your board has full power to »ro
viae public offices and aP artme . nt9 tI J or , t^ "* e
r>r »he County Clerk as such in -the transac
tion of the rubllc business of the State and
county von have no authority or power to pro
vtde as'vou are now doing, said Clerk or other
persons With public offices and apartments,
URht" furniture and stationery for the pur
noYe ot aiding and permitting eald Clerk and
o?her P ersons B to transact therein and thereby
partlsan politic* in no way connected with thte
dut is and obligations of the County C.erk a*
a publi" officer and to the detriment and in no
wav connected with the transaction of public
bifsinei?" and at the expense of the taxpayers
°Vlmt tne"county CWk of this county. In con
junction with partisan politicians, ha* us-ed
and is now UKinu and has threatened to fur
fher use the aforesaid public offices and apart
ments for the purposes hereinbefore stated
must be now fully known to your boaro, an-1
as »uch cltUen and taxpayer I hereby enter
mv solemn protest against the further use for
private purposes as aforesaid of the public
property committed to your charge, custody
an?l control for any other purpose than that of
thV transaction of the public business, and I
n«reby respectfully request your honorable
bodv to at once take such action In the prem
lsei •¦ will terminate the evil herein com
plained of. And your P*"""^^'^^.^**
332 Prospect ave.. Oakland.
Dated Ausust 6. 190".
The presentation of these charges was
followed by the introduction- of the fol
lowing resolution by Supervisor" Wells,
the only Democrat on the board:
Whereas. Grave charges have been filed with
this board imputing misconduct to the County
Clerk In connection with the use of his office
for purposes other than the transaction of the,
i.ubllc business, whereby detriment and loss Is
aliened to have been and is now beln? Inflicted
upon the taxpayers of this' county; and
Whereas It 1» further charged that the pub
lic business appertaining to the office of the
County Clerk Is made to sufTer by reason of
the aforesaid acts of misconduct on the part
of eald County Clerk; and v^
Whereas. This board is charged with the duty
of maintaining offices and apartments for the
use of the County Clerk as a public officer and
not otherwise: and - '¦-. -' ¦"¦.-•
Whereas, It would be a flagrant abuse of
nower on the part of this board to permit or
allow said offices and apartments to be used
(as Is alleged) for private purposes and parti
san politics or for any other purpose than the
transaction of the public business; now there-'
°Reso1ved t That the aforesaid charges be thor
oughly investigated by this board, and for that
purpose that reasonable notice forthwith be
Klven to Frank C. Jordan, County Clerk, to ap
pear before this board at a public meeting of
tho board, > and then and there . answer such
questions as . may be put to him concerning
such charges filed with this board as afore
said, and that a true copy of »ald charges and
of these resolutions be served upon said Frank
7' HE most remarkable session of the Alameda County
Board of Supervisors ever held zvas that of yesterday,
wticn that body gathered to listen to the charges that
County Clerk Frank C. Jordan zttas using his office to further
the political interests of Henry P. Dalton, aspirant for Con
gress.
Written charges ivere Hied with the board, and during the
afternoon County Clerk Jordan was on the stand. Mr. Jordan
took refuge behind the statement that he zvas doing this year
no more than he had done for other candidates before.
Never before in the history of the Board of Supervisors
has there been such a large attendance upon a session. The
room zvas filled, it seeming as if every man zi'ho could possibly
find time to attend zvas present.
The Supervisors took no final action in the matter, and
th$ special Deputy County Clerks are still sending Out the mat
ter complained of.
C. Jordan, together with eald notice to appear
as aforesaid.
County >Clerk Jordan said that he would
not proceed without his attorneys and the
hearing went over until the afternoon In
order that they might be present.
The afternoon session opened with the
rooms packed to the door3. Every man
who could take the time from his busi
ness and ever>' politician in Oakland wa3
present. Among those in the lobby were:
District Attorney Allen; Frank W. Storer.
editor Elmhiirst Review, Daniel McCarthy,
editor San Leamiro Reporter; C. H. Spear.
Port Warden of San Francisco; Asa V. Menden
hall: \V. J. Hennessey, clerk of the Follce
Court; A. XV. White, Rod W; Church. Oeorre
I"). Metcalf. XV. D. Heltmann; J. H. \V. Klley.
secretary of the Republican County Central
Committee; Constable Ed Weldler. Deputy
Sheriff George Wales. Justice Jame« G. Qulnn.
John Ferrln. Erci! Nusbaumer. William H.
O"Prlen: T. O. Daniels, editor of the Alameda
Argus; County Auditor J. Cal Ewlng, Deputy
County Auditor J. J. Hanlfln Jr.. James Lan
dregan, ex-County Clerk James E. Crane, ex-
City Councilman C. H. Proxnahan, Alex Ilirsh
berg. Deputy Sheriff. George Taylor. W. P.
Courtney. Joseph B. Lanktree. Police Judge
Mortimer Smith. Clarence Crowell. City Coun
cilman Louis ScbafTer, M. Hallahan, Paul
Wuthe, John J. McDonald, Colonel Babcock.
Charles Shear, Eugene Van Court; A. R
Waters, editor of the Nile* Herald; A. L.
Frlck. Justice J. XV. Stetson. M. C. Chapman.
Charles Husband. George W. Baker. Charles
Hyde, C. E. Snook. W. F. Fletcher. Georgre
Rice. George Jackson, James Glover. J. E.
McElroy, Deputy County Recorder Booth, J.
Scania n. Herbert Patterson. T. T. Dargie. C
A. Klinkner, Carl Abbott and Everett Urown.
The first fight of the afternoon was on
the question whether W. B. Hardy, who
made the charges, or County Clerk Jor
dan., should be put on the witness stand
first. There was much battling over this
point until Chairman Roeth announced
that he would rule that Mr. Jordan
should take the stand. Mr. Baker then
asked that subpoenas be Issued for Mr.
Hardy. Victor H. Metcalf. Emll Nus
baumer and Judge Henshaw. for their
ride of the case. An order was made to
this effect, and County Clerk Jordan took
the stand.
District Attorney Allen propounded a
series of questions covering the charge
that the County Clerk was using public
property for private campaign purposes.
"Not one particle of public property has
been used, with the possible exception of
a little gas." replied the County Clerk.
"I now desire to show that my accusers
have profited in the past exactly as
ethers have profited in the past week."
"Confine yourself to this matter,
please." said Mr. Allen.
"I intend to appeal to a higher tribunal
than this." declared Mr. Jordan. "I know
why these charges were brought, and I
desire to go Into the whole matter. I
have never used any public property ex
cept for the benefit of the people, and In
the discharge of my duty. I now de«lre
to go into this matter from the beginning
of my term as County Clerk, and tell
what happened at other primaries."
This was followed by an effort to con
fine the County Clerk to the Incidents of
the past few days. The County Clerk
finally triumphed and succeeded In get
ting In his statement about former pri
maries.
VI will state that no county property
has ever been used for anything except
county business, and with this statement
I want to show that what la now being
done has been the custom with all parties
and all campaign managers. What I
have done for Dalton this year was dnn«
for Mr. Metcalf two years ago with the
full understanding and consent of Judge
Henshaw. Mr. Metcalf, W. E. Dargfe,
Emil Nusbaumer and Supervisor Church.
I know why these charges have been
brought, and I have a ri?ht to show the
whole scheme and conspiracy."
This brought forth more Interruptions,
but the County Clerk persisted in his ef
fort to tell of the past and continued: "I
am willing to tell what I have done in
the past and what T am doing now. First
came the Hllborn-Frick primaries. At
that time I got out a supplemental regis
ter upon which there were 19.000 names.
There were thirty or forty people em
ployed, using the furniture of the office
and the lights, but not public stationery.
Then came the Pardee-Davis primary.
Similar work was done upon that occasion
and the expense was divided between
the two candidates. After that there was
another primary, and my office was used
In the Interests of one candidate by
Messrs. Xusbaumer, Metcalf. Henshaw.
Dargie and. others. I told Mr. Hilborn
at that time that any accommodation that
I extended to one would be extended to
repeated, and all but cutdone. by the ap
preciative audience. It is rarely Indeed
that San Francisco or any other city
hear* and Fees a performance of the
caliber of that given last evening at the
Tivoli Opera-house, for double, treble, or
four times the amount of the admission
charged and the fact is pleasantly and
practically appreciated, as the beaming
management acknowledges— the way to a
manager's heart is through his box-office
opera at the Tivoli Opera-house open«?d
Iart evening with Verdi's "Otello." Every
scat In the house was taken and the
scene* of the first night enthusiasm were
Tivoli
Thm second wer-k of the reason nt grand
THE MIPDLEMAK." one of Henry
Arthur Jorcs' early plays, was pre
sented last night by the Frawley
Company at the Grand Opera
house Though it contains no such ex
c'.tir.g situations as does "The Masouer
adcrp" and though the dialogue is greatly
Inferior in wit nnd polish to that of "The
Liars." "The Middleman" is yet a play
that tells a nor improbable human story.
A? such it is vastly superior to "The Great
Ruby" or to "The Rod Lamp." and as
such it makes more demand upon the ac
tors than t:pon the scene-painters.
"The Middleman" is one Joseph Chan
dler, proprietor of the Tetlow Iron Works.
•who' : Ji grown rich through the inven
tion of a glaze by Cyrus Bienkarn. one ot
Vis workmen. Bienkarn is a kind of
-Jrineteenth century Faii??y: absorbed in
pursuit of t-till another Invention, he
doe? not notice till too late the growing
Intimacy between his daughter Mary and
tTie son of Chandler. The latter, a cap
tain in the army, goes off to extend a
Uritish "pphere of influence" over some
heathen in Africa. He writes a letter
to Mary, tilling her to meet and marry
him in Paris. Th's letter his father In
tercepts and (It-strove
3k'ary leaves home, apparently deter
mined to kill herself. Iier broken-hearted
father curses Chandl-rr and refuses him
any chance to share in the iorg-soug.it
Invention which la to make Tetlow ware
more famous than ever. In the third act
Ulenkarn with much business of furnace
and coal and Miming of furniture, fuc
ceeds in product ing a specimen of periect
old Tetlow ware. He keeps his secret and
patent to himself; he becomes rich and
("tmndl'T is= ruined. The captain comes
heme married to Mary (though why she
cidn't die. as she logically should, we nre
not told) ar.d everything ends happily.
Not a bad Ftrry, this, with one strong
i-ituation at the end of the third act. but
told in an amateuri-h way that Mr. Jones
would blush to own to-day. From Over
heard Conversations. One Man Behind the
Curtain and I don't kr.ow how many
Asides! For construction. "The Middle
man" is almost pre-dixabethan in its
timplicity. ,
Mrs. Riceardo had the only -woman s
rart of any importance. She played it
with a subdued yet forceful emotion that
was a pleasant surprise after the some
what violent methods of her Countess in
"The Great Ruby." Miss Evans did her
bit of low comedy excellently, as usual.
Among the gentlemen Mr. fihaw and Mr.
Amory really outdid themselves in minor
parts. Mr. Shaw In particular seeming to
have recovered that decision and incisive
ness which he shows so admirably in
"Vadame Sans Gene." but In which he
fcsi too often been lacking of late. Mr.
S^ifkaye, as Cyrus Bienkarn. seemed to
f>ase*a majority of the audience: to me
fi»» seemed but rarely convincing, owing to
that extreme deliberation which marks
everything he does. I cannot imagine a
man torn with conflicting emotions mov.
Ing around the stage with the slow and
F-sady tread of a pallbearer, nor do I be
lieve that a man of Benkarn's tempera
ment could posFibly be as phlegmatic a*
Mr. Lackaye represents him. But I have
continually In my mind's eye Willard's
rendition of this character, and confess
that I may be %%^ffi&V%£
Two of the cleverest dancers that have
visited this city for a long time are now
at the Orpheum. Charles Hooker in his?
Farifl Jig has few equals, and his partner.
Ma Belle Davis, is a winning card in her
eccentric and toe dances. Laura Bennett
and Sallie Stembler caused no end of fun
in their sketch. "Sapho and Hulu." An
other laughter-producing combination ¦was
the Meeker-Baker trio of clowns. The en
tertainment last evening was opened by
jolly John Nash, who is a natural mono
logue entertainer. Nash made a decided
hit in his laughing songs. Mr. and Mrs.
John Mason (Katherine Grey) presented
a pretty and amusing domestic sketch
called "Another Story." These are all
new entertainers and their first appear
ance here stamps them as artists of the
Orphedm. •
The curtain went up four time? after
th#» lobby (seen* In the Covent Oawien
Theater, and Hfnn- and Margaret bowed
th*>Ir pratltu'le for the applausp. Earle
Browne 85 Jack O'Hara was miscast. 'Tis
trup he grave us a tourh of the brogue at
times, but It require* something more
than brogue to make him an Irish soldier.
It is difficult and very often impossible
for a seasoned star to improve after hav
ing reached his meridian of fame. Critics
take him fit his established worth, at the
record he hns already made, and do not
expect of him nnythlng creator. But
sometime? the impossible happens, and it
happened in this case that Henry Miller
gave the San Francisco public a more
surpassingly artistic performance of
"Heartsease" than he did on its first ore
ppntation. In Margqret Angelin he had an
Inspiring support and in Frank Worthing
and Charles Walcot in the roles of Sir
Geoffrey Pomfret and I>or<1 Xeville, and
In Sadie Martinet as Lady Neville he had
a well-rminded cast.
Those who had the pleasure nf witness
ing the production of "Heartsease" last
season by Henry Miller and his excellent
company and who witnessed It for the
second time as presented by the same
company a*, the Columbia last night ex
perienced that delightful sensation known
as an unexpected gratification. They
went to the play with the expectation that
they would be treated to a performance
equally as good as the former one: thev
left convinced that they had assisted at
the production of a much more brilliant
effort.
Columbia.
MIps Anna I.irhter was a good Desde
irjona. her "willow sontr" in the fourth
art b^fng h"T best work. Emella. Miss
Franc** Graham, was well sung and act
f<1, and the other roles well enoneh filled.
The ckorns work was a little crude in the
first act. but that doubtless will be reme
died by Wednesday night. Next week
"Tannhauser" and "Mignon" will be
eung.
It is the supremo triumph of an operatic
artist when the inherent absurdity of hia
medium of expression is forgotten, when
It fffms the natural thing for him to
Bhout his secret to tho skies, and other
kindred unreasonablenesses. Salassa
reached this ¦ height in his Iago last
evening. A most rare and excellent con
ception, with thf» finPFt balance acrorded
to the measure of nctor's and singer's art.
The utmost mobility of face, t li r» grace
fullest gesture," an admirable costume,
lr-nt n certain, absolute vr.iiremhlance to
the portrait, a veritable old master. Sa
lassa's voir« was slightly affected by the
Buddeo change in the weather, but the
slight horir^er.eps disappeared as the play
advanced. Avedano's Otello has Infi
nitely improved since last year, and in the
fino duet at the end of the second act his
work was good indeed. His voice is strong
and fine as ever.
"Otello" is certainly the finest of the
Verdi operas, with perhaps the exception
of the "Falstaff." yet to be heard here.
The orchestration, the orchestral music,
are so comparatively modern, even a
suggestion of the "leading motive" is
there. And the careful, unoasual manage
ment of the chorus incidents, the weft of
music, ¦words and g*.=uure. all point to
later ami greater years than the days of
"Trovatnre."
— over 8)00 nuiflc-hungry people being
turned away last week.
Brownies Coming Again.
Elaborate revivals of "The Brownies In
Fairyland." Palmer Cox's delightful fairy
operetta, will be given at the California
Theater next Sunday afternoon and on
every evening of the following week; also
on tho afternoons of Tuesday, Thursday
and Saturday, August 14, 16 and 18. The
pongs, dances, rpeclalties. costumes and
scenic effects will be entirely new and th<*
cast will number a hundred children in
cluding such talented young artists' as
Mildred Fitzgerald. Blanche Tn-lease
Lillian Rhodes, Queenie Tilton, Maud*
Sorensen. Florence Emery, Zena Kiefe
Eva Werner, the Holland Sisters. Philip
Atkins, Bennte Lerner. Carl Johnson Ar
thur Parent and lone McClouth. The sil
ver ballet by pupils of Slgnorina Matild'lta
will be a great feature.
The Chutes has an exceptionally strong
bill this week. The newcomers who ap
peared last night were: The Sisters
Waterman, vocalists, who sing in a very
pleasing manner, and Long: & Fox. come
diar.s, also had something new and origi
nal. The holdovers who presented new
specialties were: La Lista, Boggs <& Hac
ward and Martins & Ridgway. Tho lion
act and new moving pictures conclude the
programme.
Chutes.
Fischer's Concert House.
Everything on last night's programme
at Fischer's was new and all of the twen
ty-one numbers were liberally applauded.
Emma Adams, soprano, sang 'Wekerlln's
"Stars of Lights Adorning" and Gounod's
"Sin?, Smile, Slumber"; Eudora Forde. a
pleasing contralto, made a hit with
Denza's "Si tu M'aime" and a selection
from "II Trovatore," and Herbert Medley,
a barytone, made his professional debut
in Schumann's "Two Grenadiers" and
"Fill Mo a ndmming Bowl," by Allan
Macbeth. H« has a voice of excellent
quality. little Almo Muthrlch grave some
clever songs and dances; Moll and AIoul
ton performed on the horizontal bar; and
a pood evening'* entertainment was
brought to a close with "The Right
Stocking." a pretty sketch of child life,
presented by Ray and Owen Ogden and
Bertha FoKz. The house was good.
Alcazar.
I
The old English comedy, "The Country
Girl," was revived at the Alcazar Theater
last night and th*»re was a crowded house.
The cast was the same as before: Miss
Florence Roberte as Pegiry, the country
girl; White YVhittlesey as Belvllle. her
lover: Theodore Robfrts as Moody, her
guardian; Edwin T. Emiry as Harcourt;
Clarence Montaine as Sparklsh; Lorena
Atwood as Allthea; Marie Howe as Lucy,
and Georpe P. Webster as old Will. This
charming, old-fashioned play seems to
have made a decided hit.
The Dunne and Ryley all stnr combina
tion opened its tenth and last week of
farce comedy at the California Theater
last night to a full house.
"The Kight of the Fourth" is a farcial
bunch nt pleasure and laughs. Harry
Bulger as Eli Frost, the iceman, gets out
of tho part all there Is in it. At a hotel
advertised as an abode of rest and quiet
Kll Frost tries to pet away from the hor
rors of the city's celebration. He cele
brates* the event rather copiously and be
fore the day is over he is the defendant
in four breach of promise suits and has
a hard time to evade the lunatic asylum.
California.
first class. Among: the favorites who are
alreadv acquainted with the San Fran
cisco public are the St. Onge brothers,
trick bicycle riders; Zelma-Rawlston, who
appeared in character songs and changes,
and the Nicholas sisters, black-faced fun
makers. The American Biograph pre
sents a scries of new and Interesting pic
tures. For next week a splendid bill is
promised. One of the principal features
ie the appearance of Mrs. Bessie Blitz
I'axton, a society lady, who Is to make
her debut In vaudeville.
Alfred Hanake, a well known and re
tired capitalist, was found dead in the
bathroom at his residence, 2716 California
street, this morning. It is supposed that
he died of heart disease. The Morgue
officials were notified and Deputies Flana
gan and Brown were detailed on tho case.
' Mr. Hanake was 72 years of age.
AGED CAPITALIST
EXPIRES SUDDENLY
SCENT! FROM "HEARTSEASE" AT THE COLUMBIA.
Tivoli Turns Away Hundreds Who Are Anxious to Hear
"Otello" — "Heartsease" Splendidly Rendered by
Miller Company at the Columbia.
"THE MIDDLEMAN" A STRONG
STORY VERY CRUDELY TOLD
When searched at the Harbor Hospital
no watch or chain was found in the man'a
posppps>lon. As none of his friends or
members of his family, who live at 3508
Twenty-fourth street, could be'communi
cated with, It was impossible to ascer
tain whelhtr he owned a watch or not.
In his trousers pocket was $2 75 in silver
coin. The physicians were unable to tell
whether the unfortunate man had been
drinking, but the policemen say that
when he entered the office he was per
fectly sober.
The police are investigating the matter
and the accepted theory thus far la that
Doud fell down the stairs, producing tho
injuries which may result in his death.
How Dourl camp to receive the injuries
is a mystery. He was seen to enter his
office shortly bofore midnight. An hoiir
afterward, ns the officers were passing the
building, groans were heard from within.
They at once proceeded to Investigate and
found the man lying on tho floor uncon
scious.
William A. Doud, a stock broker, was
found lying unconscious* with a fractured
skull at tho foot of a flight of stairs in the
rear of his office at 304 Montgomery street
early this morning by Policemen Att
ridge, Hackett and Special Officer- Brown
law. He was immediately removed to the
Harbor Hospital, where everything: pos
sible was done for him. His condition Is
very serious and it is feared that he may
die."
Injured Man Was Removed to Har
bor Hospital — Mystery Sur
rounds Manner in Which
He Received His Injuries.
Stockbroker William Doud
Discovered With Skull
Fractured.
FOUND DYING
IN REAR OF
HIS OFFICE
SUPERVISORS INVESTIGATE THE
ACTS OF COUNTY CLERK JORDAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1000.
Death of an Oakland Attorney.
OAKLAND, Auk. 6.— Will D. Powers, a
young attorney of this city, died yester
dflv, after a lingering Illness. Powers
was employed by the Southern Pacific
Company, but lost his place during the
strike of 1S94L He then took up the study
of law.
11
CHAIRMAN OF BOARD OF SUPERVISORS AND COUNTY CLERK JORDAN AS
' THEY APPEARED AT THE INQUIRY.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1900.
12
EDIJCATIONAL^^^^^^^
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; If you want to
learn ln a limited time take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 63, Thurlow block, 126 Kearny.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; 8
mos. in collece not equal to 8 wks. with me,
?25. TARR. expert accnt.. 429 Parrott bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year pot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NEE3 COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN DKR NAILLEN SCHOOL. P33 Market.
7JTHER lessons given by Max Maier. teacher
of zither. 52C Turk St.. bet. Larkln and Polk.
LAW schools, 327 Market, S. F., and 903 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln—
All branches; thorough; positions secured.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory ln
Lelpslc; lessons 7Sc. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.. day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr 6th
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. ; founded 1SC3: 80-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School: modeling,
designing, carving, all branches. 424 Pine st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Buah 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Eutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help turn; tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.-
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Bret help. 4UH O'Farrrll st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
also competent Swedish housework girl, a
neat second elrl and a number of housework
plrls await situations at MISS CULLEN'S
Employment Bureau, 325 Sutter st.
DRESSMAKER from city of Paris will go out
by the day; J2 up. 1514 Geary Bt.
A YOUNG grirl wishes chamberwork and sew-
ing:; cltv or country; good references. Box
3215, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes a posi-
tion to do light housework with an American
family of 2 or 3 adults: moderate wages ; ref-
erences: no postals. Call at 731 Laurel ave.,
off Buchanan st., bet Eddy and Turk.
FIRST-CLASS cook, German, wishes situation
ln hotel or boarding-house; city or country.
Address 726 Mission st.
NORWEGIAN girl desires position to do cham-
ber work or second work. Please call at C2
Erie St.. near Thirteenth, oft Howard.
RELIABLE colored girl wishes general house-
work or cooklnK by the day or week. Ad-
dress E. G., 141S Powell st.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes any kind of
work few hours daily or by the week. Apply
812 Powell St., nr. California; basement.
AN American g-Irl wishes position to take care
. of child. Call between 10 and 1 o'clock 71S
Valencia st
YOUNG woman would like work to go out
washing by day: permanent places only. Ad-
dress D.. 1941 Mission st.
AMERICAN woman would like situation as
working housekeeper; small wages, but light
work; good references. MRS. LOU LESTER,
San Ramon, Contra Costa"County.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work; good cook; Fmall family ln city pre-
ferred. 24 Clara, off Folsom.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 2C0 rooms; 25c to Jl CO night: U 50 to $3
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2$00 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
NOTICE to fruit farmers, fruit pickers and
others— O*ch*rd and vineyard help furnished
promptly by J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 12 1
Sacramento st.
STEADY reliable man wishes place as coach-
man and gardener; city or country; reference.
E. F., box 3236, Call office.
POSITION as engineer or machinist: 8 years
ln flour mill; 7 years In water works; 5^4
years electric railroading. Address box 3231.
Call office.
NURSE, graduate of an Eastern training
school and experienced masseur, wishes a
position. Address A. M., 317 Stockton st. "
HOUSE painter wants work; city or country:
reliable man; wages reasonable. Address
Painter, £13 Mission Bt.
RELIABLE man; understands care of horses;
can milk; good driver; willing and obliging;
city or country; well recommended. Box 3244,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants steady work; city
restaurant or hotel; good reference. Box 3242,
Call office.
RELIABLE young man desires to learn the un-
dertaking business. Address box 3226, Call
office.
BARTENDER or waiter wishes a lunch Job
from 11 to 2. Box 3233. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants position; quick,
eober and reliable; references. Box 3232, Call.
WANTED — Position as traveling salesman rep-
resenting Pacific Coast mfgr. : long acquaint-
ance and experience Colorado west: salary:
references. Address box 3212, Call office.
SINGLE worklngman wishes steady place In
country or city; carpenter by trade. Address
box 23S6. Call office.
BARTENDER wants position; city or coun-
try; flrst-clnss references. Box 2036, Ca'.l.
FIRST-CLASS fireman wants work: has first-
class reference. Box 3270, Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
eklns. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofllee. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Mana?*e. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st. !
100 houses, flats, etc.
41S Herman; h. 8 r.$27 M S3 Tremont av; c. J r.$20
220 Hyde; h. 8 r... 40 00 1990 Ellis; f. 6 r IS
GC9 Geary; f. 6 r.. 30 00 132SB Hayes; f. 6 r.. 20
2019 Pine: f. 6 r... 25 00 346 Waller; f. 6 r 20
CALIFORNIA. 2311— Upper sunny flat, 7 rooms
and bath; finished room In basement
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath, bay-window, $12. 716
Xatoma St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT, 3 rooms and sunny yard; water free;
V. Apply at E24 Fell Bt.
FLAT, 6 sunny rooms; bath. 2618 Twenty-sec-
ond st.. near Potrero ave.
FLAT 6 sunny rooms; large yard; fine view
707 Stockton st.
FLAT 5 funny rooms. $13. 127V4 Morris ave. off
Bryant, near Sixth.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat. 3 cozy rooms and yard; 26 Reed
et. ; rent $10. Key 1325 Washington, nr. Jones.
LOWER flat, 4 nice rooms. 14 Mpss st., bet
Sixth and Seventh, near Howard; $12.
MISSION. 1515. near Eleventh— « sunny rooms-
bath. Jaundry. yard: rent $18.
NICE upper flat. C rooms, bath: garden; walk
to business: $20. E2S Lombard st.
SECOND. 523 — 2 nice sunny rear fiats, 3 and 4
rooms; rent $S and $10; bath, yard.
BUNNY flat. 6 rooma and bath. 126^ Liberty.
TWO sunny flats, 4 and 6 rooms, $8 and $9
2S4 and -".<", Jessie st.
Jll— FLAT. 4 rooms, basement; folding doors
715 Tehama st., nr. Eighth; references.
$15— A NEW G-room sunny flat; frescoed; water
free: 3743 Twenty-second, nr. Castro. GEO
W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market st!
J1S-UPPER flat. 5 rooms, bath, gas, mantel.
tubs: yard. 2261 Geary st. . .
FLATS WAMEdI
FLAT of 4 or G rooms: modern: .reasonable
rent; to take possession Aug. 11. Address
stating price and location, box 3202. Call. ¦
FUUMTUUE FOll SALE].
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 60. with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUttSITCUK WANTED. ~~
13000 wcrth of furniture, carpets, etc.. wanted.
M. Bllversteln. 1121 ¦ Market: tel. ¦ Folsom 1105.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co. ) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUEDV
5 FOR sale— Cigar, tobacco and stationery busi-
j ness; good stand. 328 Montgomery ave.
LADY partner with $100 cash. Particulars ad-
• dress F. C. box 2997. Call office.
SHOE shop for eale: must leave the city. Ad-
dress box S<22. Call office.
FOR sale— Candy and Ice cream parlor; good
chance. 454 Hayes at.
1 $2ro— FOR sale: restaurant ln Tlburon: 7 lodg-
lng rooms. Address MRS. LIND. Tlburon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and eub?criptlons
• received at Call branch office. 2203 Flllmore st.
LODGINfi-IIOlSKS FOR SALE.
A— C5 r.; central; full; nulte profitable $2600
1 IS r.; rent *CQ: takes Jl«0; 1 blk. of Mkt.. S00
V 10 r. ; on runny side; rent $35: nice block.. 450
2S r. ; tunny; 3 blks of Market; full 6iO
3S7 r.; hotel: rent J150; bargain; party leaving.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. nr. Call bldg.
' R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1KT6 MARKET ST.
1 The Leading and Reliable Brokers.
17 roemi: rent $30; a enap JS50
2S rooms: rent JI>4; central 900
40 rooms; rent $S5; investigate this 12G0
S3 rooms: corner: cf flees; only 8200
• HOUSES from 10 to 180 rooms; good locations;,
Monent value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
ers; money loaned. SCHWEINHARD & CO..
S17 Market Ft., opp. Maeon. phone Mint 1911.
, TO sell your lodging house or furniture nnd
secure satisfaction write cr call SCHWEIN-
HARD &. CO.. 917 Market 6t., opp. Mason,
tel. Mint 1911.
, WANTED for cash, furnished house, 75 to 125
rooms; must be cheap. Box 464, Call office.
WILL pay cash for lodging house; 25 to 40
rooms; must be a bargain. Box 1951, Call.
WELL-PAYING' roomln«r-house of 10 rooms;
furniture: reasonable. 130H Ninth; call" 1 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
. HOWARD. S6rt— Lodging-house of 22 rooms.
i CAMPAIGN M10TO BUTTONS.
' MF"Y. of all kinds of phcto buttons and Jewel-
ry; wholesale and retail; send for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. S33 Market St., 8. F.
CARI'ET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
pend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
1 Ing Work*. S;3-3J7 Tehama St.: tel. South 40
' J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
413 Ptevenpcn St.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Heating Works, G. H.
ETEVENS. mpr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 2J0.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard. laid at 4c.
KTRATTONP. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
I ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
j tel. Main 3J4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-P.eatins Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone Eayt 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kln'-s of wajrons. buspies. carte, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & ?d-haml warons. buggies, carts & har-
j«-m. -woik & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
Si IUITL ALISM.
THE ORATORY— Odd Fellows' Hall next Sun-
day right: Mrs. R. S. Lillle. lecture: Mrs. J.
J. WhHney, tests; Mr. J. T. LUlle, music; 10c.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison, S58 Mis-
sion; reHdings dally; 23c. 50c and $1; circle |
Tues.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sunday eves.; 10c.
MME. YOUNG, COS McAllister; convincing
demonstration of spirit return to-night; 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyor. sti. daily; convlnc'g tests to-nlcht 10c.
E. J. HATCH; circles Sun., Tues., Thurs., 7:30
p m., Fri. 2:30; sit. daily. 1"S2 Market, rm. 25.
MRS. IIARLAND'S circle to-night; sealed Ut-
ters read l r "C, businesp readings $1. 14S Sixth.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth: 2. 8 )
p. m. 14 McAllister Et.. rm. 35; admission 10c.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night. 8 o'clock; con-
vincing test. MRS MAXWELL. 123S Howard.
MRS. LESTER, circle S p. m. ; 10c; slttlnes
dally. DOc. 127 Turk St.
MME. MARQUISE. 5 Hyde Bt.. nr. McAllister;
circle to-night 10c; skeptics Invited: 6lt. dally.
MRS J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
mi-dlurn. life render: plttlne II. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & enrd
reador. born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c: j
rents |1: palm & clair. sit. $1 E0. 126 Turk et. I
WATSON, famous medium and palmist: lucky i
and true; 25c and 50c. 1E81 Market, nr. 12th. !
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card-reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
TEPT. business medium, card reader, 25c up;
German spoken. £23 Mission st..nr.4th: no sign.
MME. ZEREDA. th» gypsy.is the great palmist
nnd card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh St.; no yign.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
-lttings daily. 212\4 Sixth st.
MIPS MELVILLE, Ereat clairvoyant and water
reader; Gc-rman spoken. 921V4 Mission, op. Mint.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE — Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture: 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Apency — No charge un-
less eucces'ful. Room 310. 927 Market et.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 sunny rooms, basement, $1L
i 127H Morris ave., off Bryant, near Sixth.
I MODERN cottage; 6 rooms end bath. 311 Steln-
«t St., near Hal^ht. •
SUNNY cottage, 212H Perry St.: rent reason-
able. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
tenwry st.
TO LET— Cottage of 6 rooms, bath; 1300 Lar-
kin et. Apply 131S Larkin Bt.
J1S— COTTAGE; 7 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key 711 Treat ave.
DENTISTS. "
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; te»Mi
without plates our specialty; gold crown*.
{3 10 up; plates, extractions free. $4 £0 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
A— DR. v! CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, teeth
without a plate, crown and brldgework; all
work warranted; platep, full »et. $5; fllllnga.
Me: crown. 13 £0. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sth.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridge?
an<l fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from in per set: extracting, EOc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 215 Kearny. cor. Uush--
Full set of teeth. U: crowns. $3; fillings. 25o.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Eun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. --¦* ¦-.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 5] 5!
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. IJUZARD'S Dos HospltaU Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine "<c; city visits 11 50; .'.II
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 61".
DR. CREELY'SC.P.manRe cure and worm pills
by druKrfstaor at hospital. r,10 Golden Gate av.
l)KKS.VMAKi;it>. AND .SiIA"USTltK!»M.>
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School; patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 321 Post, overO'Connor&Moffatt.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary St., dresses
made, flj up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT. £30 Sutter St.. dressmaking
Bchool; any pattern cut to measure.
A WEEK'S news for t cents. The Weekly Call.
16 paces, in wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market et.: life
echolarshlp. |I0; Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening;
jutt added new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters.
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
FRENCH readings and . dramatic art— Private
end classes taucht by MISS ¦ BLANCII ¦ BOU-
\ IERE. Lyceum Theater School of Acting.
Z10-312 O'Farrell st. J
MISCELLANEOUS FOR 9ALZ3.
THOROUGHBRED Newfoundland pups, als.^
1 tiny black and tan. small:?) petligree.i heavy-
weight does, $2 10 apiece. 14S Tehama, off 3d.
TYPEWRITER, No. 2 Smith Premier: iaT»
model; cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 405 Cal.
EDISON concert phono^rarh — Reduced prlc-.
$73; concert records. $1 50. Uact^alupl. S33 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; lrtin and woor|
planers; lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
SFCOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BKECg, 131 P<>« st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE H£R-
MANX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and spcond-hand: all slzea. THE1
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Markrf St.. San Fran.
MMCKU«AJ|X009 WA>TS.
BOOKS bought: libraries purchased. 22 Sevenths
St., opposite new PostofQee.
SEALSKINS are what we pay big prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton St.
IF you wish full vnlue for your cast-off c!othlnsr
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
UOKU) TO 1OA.'..
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and U mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGA-N, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estate* ln probate. Interest
ln estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 15, first Hooi.
Chronicle bldg. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain,
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 81S Market
et.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third Pt.
ON real estate. 1st and 2nd mortgages, and cr\
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;'
lowest rate. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service ; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
63 and 6D. Donohoe bullulnr. 1170 Market it.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watchesi Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS ..:
.....SALARIES and FURNITURE.
O. H. HARSHBARGER. 322 mis, room 34.
AT 128 Kearny st., room 9. respectable prtvat*
place to borrow en watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
$C00.0CO at 6 per cent in sums to suit in city; also
$150,000 on large ranches; also on second mort-
gages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture an!
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones st., corner Eddy.
MONEY to loan on furniture, pianos, fixtures;
low rates; confld. Rm. 60S, Winchester Hotel.
H. MURPHY. K0 Market St.. solves all kinds oC
financial problems: 2d mortgages, estates, etc.
ANY amount on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal: no com. Room 81. t Eddy.
TO salaried peopie without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott biff.
ON furniture, pianos- 3 per cent per month; no
commission. Mrs. Wilson, rm. 101. 6 Eddy st.
ANY cum. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates ln pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 6C3. Examiner building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, planes, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 118 McAllister «t.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. H3 Phelan building.
SIO.VKY WASTED.
LOAN of $3CC0 wanted for five years at 8 per
cent: good real estate security. Apply to C.
D., 2061 Pacific ave.. Alameda: if, personally,
between 6 and 3 p. m.
MUSICAL INSTKLJIE.Vrs.
THE finest tuning and repairing done at MAU-
VAIS.' 763 Market st.
A NEW lot of "Baby" Deckers Just received;
they are beauties and so reasonable in price.
MAUVAIS'. 7<» Market st.
PIANOS rented and rent allowed on purchase
If desired; prices low for a good article.
MAUVAIS'. 7S3 Market Bt
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.'S have the privilege of exchanging for
a STEINWAT any time within three years
and full purchase price allowed; the best
makers of every grade to select from; beauti-
ful new uprights $a cash. $G per month: som«
rood pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter st*.,
San Francisco, corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth St.. Oakland.
AS usual we offer some fine bargains.
One Steck Upright, walnut case; like new.
One Weber Upright, walnut case; new.
One Fischer Upright; ln fine order.
One Sterling Upright: mahegany case.
One Neumann Upright; very good.
On« Curtaz Upright: oak ease; excellent.
Prices from $135 up; $5 per month.
BENJ. CURTAZ Sc SON. 16 O'Farrell rt.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy- tin
customer.
REMOVAL of Keeffe'« piano store from Vaa
Ness to 923 Market, bet. 5th and 6th. next
Hale Bros.. & will Continue reduction aala for
2 weeks; open ev'ngs; call and get low prices.
VIOLIN etrings; never wet; best In th» world:
makinsr and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary >t.
A FINE npright. walnut case, high grade; used
about six months: $150 cash; must sell. Room
10, Flood buildlnff.
$1M>— ELEGANT large 3-pedal upright, or rent
for $2 50 month. 342 Kearny at. ¦
FINE upright piano, valued $2S0 for $100. Cail
1303 Stockton St., before August 14.
SPECIAL sale— Uprights $73 up; Installment* $3
up: rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis at.
A BEAUTIFUL upright piano for hair price;
leaving city. 813 Van Ness ave.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post St.;
Hardman. Conover and other pianoa.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Hamil-
ton pianos. 308 Post st.. opp. Union square.
EARGAIN— Good piano cheap; Installment $3
per month. SCHMITZ. IS McAllister st.
W. O. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianoa.
A FEW more pianoa put on sale for itorage:
at your own price: also Spencer's retired
stock. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos: $3 payments;
for rent. $2 up. BRUENN. 2CS Post St.
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
GOOD piano teacher like few more pupils; ISo
a lesson. 5S0 O'Farrell st.
OFFICES .VXD STORES— TO LET.
FOR rent— Elegant offices and rooms In T. M.
C. A. bldg.; all modern imps.; rent very low.
HAVE part of furnished office to rent. Apply
531 Parrott *bldg.
TO rent— Modern store: well lighted: 25x140;
rent reasonable. 328 Hayes st.
PALMISTRY". "
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reada 1 to 9. 618 Geary, nr. Jonea.
" personals! ~ ¦ v
THE undersigned will not be responsible for
any debts contracted by the Imperial Tea Ox
329 Hayes st., after July 1. 13C0
(Signed.) FREDERICK RUHLAXP.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresses; any stylo
halrdressing for 23c; no extra charge for
fancy or elaborate coiffures. 123 Su-ckton st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rntes- io
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jesale st.
AMATEUR photographers— Save SO per cent by
having your wcrk done at Rembrandt Studio
$50 Market St.. cor. Stockton; kodaks 3%x3V>!
only 25c; no charge for blank negatives Ton?
fesslonal advice free; lesaons given. 50c each.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo in the best in t*i»
market: cleanses, beautifies the hair; Sc rkg.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
Mattresses and pillows made^^rder 3^
covered aad renovated: honest work guaran-
teed; prices defy competition; fine upholstery:
phone 5309; factory. SIS and 320 Eleventh st
nrst-class cleaning and dying. 433 Sutter it..
I^*i S , TIT Jf r ,£ ,°, f l c!e , nce: ""festive therapeu-
,tlcs; magnetic healing; personal magnetism:
%%$£%« agfflg 80 * FISHER - '»-
LEDERER'S Quintonlca Hair Tonic; an ex-
tract quinine: pure, simple, harmlesa; 35c bot.
E Hnt (^J R i I i C Tvf h . ts ln • T ' r 7 room— Winchester
" . ' ;. ThtrJ ¦*•• near Market: 700 ronms;
~)C to $1 oO per night; $1 W to $S per week:
rree pus and baggage to and fi-om the fft-ry.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 uav4i ':
&tt«rc- LE w ON E^^ s - »« Market^!..
between Seventh and Eighth. , -
M ?il^ - AD _ A -, 34 'K«arny. 47 Post, office 10-11; If,
sick. Burrerinjr from any cause, see this won-
derfully e trtcd healer; she wlU euw joo, ;
LAUNDRESS, private family, Santa Crux, $30.
fare paid; laundress, Menlo Park, $30. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
A— FRENCH chambermaid and seamstress, $25;
French second girl $25; German nurseglrl,
$20; 4 second girls, city. $20 each; second girl,
Alameda. $25; chambermaid country hotel.
$20, no waiting; waitress, Benlcia. $25; 2 wait-
resses, Napa, $20 each; 10 chambermaids and
waitresses, city and country. $20 and $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PASTRY cook, hotel, city, $35 to $10; chamber-
maid, first-class hotel, $17 50; chambermaid
to wait, waitress and laundress, same hotel,
country, $20 each, see party here: chamber-
maid to wait, mining town, $25; 20 waitresses,
city and country; 3 chambermaids to wait,
city and country, $20; chambermaid to wait.
Pacific Grove, $20; 2 salesladies, candy store,
$7 week.
FAMILY ORDERS
6 second girls, city and across the bay, $20
and $18; cook and second or mother and
daughter, $30; Scandinavian girl, nice family.
Oakland, $15; and 50 houseglrls, city and
country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Qeary.
WANTED— German cook. $35. no wash; cook,
small wash, short distance, $30. see lady this
forenoon: cook, family hotel, $G0; Protestant
second girl. $25; 4 neat young second girls, $20;
2 nurses, $20; 4 waitresses, city and county.
$20 and $25: laundress, private family, $30;
chambermaid, country hotel, $20; also a very
large number of girls for housework In city
and country, $20 and $25. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT. 316 Sutter st.
SECOND girl $25: 2 cooks. $30 each: 4 second
erlrls. $15 and $20; houseelrl. Sausalito $25,
Belvedere $30; hotel cook, $30; housekeeper.
$20; 3 houseglrls, $23 and $30; women to wash
dishes, $15; nursegirl, $12, must sleep home;
chambermaid. $20: cook. $25; 3 girls for same
house. chamberwork and waiting, good
wages; nurseglrl, $20; seamstress, $25. MRS.
NORTON. 3U Sutter Bt. •
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to care 2 chil-
dren; $20: see lady here 2 p. m. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Young girl by a lady from 8 a. m.
to 'p. m.; must understand mending. 1020
Van Ness ave. » | - j
YOUNG lady compositor for occasional work;
Our Young Folks' Weekly. 616 Commercial.
OPERATORS ln factory; also take work home
for ladles' underwear. 21 Sansome st.
NEAT active woman or girl can find a good
home and $12 per monh for assistance ln
small family. Address box 3238. Call office.
GIRL for general housework; sleep at homo.
1157 Valencia St., bet. 22d and 23d.
GIRL for general housework: good wages; call
before 12. 907 Devlsadero st.
COAT finishers: good wages; steady work.
O'Connor & Kelleher. 33-35 Fourth at.
GIRL for second work and waiting. 1355 Post
Etreet.
YOUNG girl to assist ln general housework.
Call nt 344 Sixth St.
GIRL to assist In general housework; wages
$15; evenings off. 1920 Sutter st.
WOMAN for cooking and general housework;
$20. 231C California st.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
2379 Sutter st.
TAILORESS on custom coats. 1170 Market St.,
room 36.
GIRL wanted to take care of two children. 310
Church Bt.
WANTED— German or Swedish woman for
. kitchen; $20 per mo. and found. 195 Tenth St.*
WANTED— Saleslady for retail crockery store.
Box 2240. Call office.
GIRL for general housework; 2 ln family;
wages $12. 1134 Ellis st.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work. Apply 1217 Greenwich st.
GOOD waitress wanted. BREUSS' Cafe. 70
Third st.
GIRL or woman for light housework; wanes
$3. 7S7 Stevenson st., off Ninth.
SEWERS; take work home on ladles' flannel
gowns, skirts, etc. Apply H. FRIEDLAN-
DER. 33S Fell st.
GIRL to assist with housework and plain
cooking at 2703 Mission st., near 23d.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking:' no washing; wages $20. Call be-
tween 9 and 12 at 2615 Union st.
YOUNG girl as waitress in small restaurant;
one who understands waiting; $5 per week.
195 Tenth 6t. (
WANTED — A woman to help In kitchen; Swede
or German; $20 per month and found. 195
Tenth st.
WANTED— A good girl for chamberwork and
plain washing. 434 Fifth st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 1600
Washington St., corner Larkln.
WOMAN wanted for housework. 1523 Polk st.
¦WANTED — A girl for cooking and general
housework; apply between 10 and 12; refer-
ences required; wages $25. 2422 Clay st.
YOUNG woman to assist ln cooking and gen-
eral housework. Call at 1837 Mission st.
WANTED — Girl; llgHt housework: family 3.
After 10 o'clock at 1514 Vnllejo St.
EXPERIENCED young lady to work ln candy
Btore; steady work. 1409 Polk st.
Al OPERATORS wanted on cloaks. Apply L.
SIMLASS, 122$ Market st.
300 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' . Associa-
tion. Cutting's branch, Seventh and Berry.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: steady work:
highest wages paid. Apply Immediately. U.
S. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., bet.
Seventh and Eighth, off Folsom.
GIRLS wanted t(> rivet overalls at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO'S factory, 32V4 Fremont St.;
no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove its.
GIRL to help take care of children; can sleep
home; wages $15; call after 9 a. m, 1 Scott.
A GIRL for plain cooking and general house-
work at 1810 Laguna st. : call from 9 to 12.
GIRL for light housework and oare of baby.
1534 Guerrero st. between 8 and 12 a, m.
GIRL wanted ln small family; call early. 60
Zoe St.. off Bryant, bet. Third and Fourth.
WANTED-A young girl for light housework;
must go home nights. 606E Shotwell Bt.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 2
ln family; $20. 1445 McAllister Bt.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; steam power: steady work. G. W.
REYNOLDS. 597 Mission St., corner Second.
WOMAN to Iron: hand laundry: steady: call
early. 121 Corbett ave.. near Douglass st.
ENTERPRISING woman wanted by reliable
firm; state age. Box 3271, Call office.
BRENNER-ULMAN Co. want experienced
operators on dress shirts; steady work: best
pay. 10 Battery st. ¦__
WANTED— Girl for housework and
plain cooking. Inquire at 333 Capp. nr. 18th.
VEST operators and pants finishers. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk and
woolen waists. S. F. MFG. Co.. 409A Turk st
I EXPERIENCED operators on negliges shirts;
good pay. 27 Jessie st.. fifth floor. -,
WANTED— An experienced operator on Singer
machine; electric power. 231 Powell Bt.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1O'J6 Va-
lencla st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents-The Weekly Call.
• 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— TWO waiters, Nevada County, $30 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. •
WANTED
Man and wife for orchard; man about place.
Tulare, $40; man about place, city, $22 50;
blacksmiths' helper, $2 a day; hostler, city,
$45; harness cleaner, city, $45; hostler, coun-
try, $30 and found; 6 swampers, $30; man to
run dray saw. $30; axman, $30 4 laborers. $2 a
day; grain 'handlers. $2 50 a day; railroad la-
borers, $175 and $2 day and free far»; iron
molders: miners, $2 60 and $3. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay at.
BARBERS' 'Progressive Union— Free emptoy-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
5 BARBERS for city; good wages; apply Im-
medlately. H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
WANTED— Strong boy. , 2008 Flllmore st.
WANTED— Stronsr »boy at S. N. WOOD &
CO.'S, corner Powell and Eddy *U.'
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main E84S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents....
' Want at 7 a. m. Monday
•••• We ship free
7469 men for all parts of California, Utah.
Washington Arizona, Oregon, Colorado. Ne-
vada. British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
Fres fare and office fee only $1
And no other expenses to Reno (New) district
Los Angeles district Truckee district
Santa Barbara district Shasta district
Salt Lake City dtstrict.Crows Landing district
Santa Cruz district Newman district
Dunsmuir district Bakcrsfleld district
Soda Springs district Madera district
San Luis district Surf district
Special to Shasta County district..
Redding Delta Dunsmnlr
and other points good wagea
and other places; we ship free ....free
Come one, come all
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen,
, quarrymen, spikers. section hands, tunnel-
men, steel gangs, etc. ; wages *3, $2 50, $2 25,
$2, $1 90 a day and Free shipment
It Is no trouble for us to hire 300 men dally to
go to different railroads. Why? Because It
costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; come see
"Free Frea
MURRAY & READT, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— FREE FARE
Mines Gold, Silver and Other Mines
163 miners, some single hand, some double,
some machine and Burlelgh drillers, for 37
different mines $i»0, $75, $W> and found
. 365 men to work about the mines as laborers;
anybody will suit; no experience required; $60,
$i0, $48, $40 per month and found; come see;
llreman, 16 muckers, $€0; 12 men to learn min-
ing. Crowds going. -MURRAY; & READY.
Big wages paid.. 634 and €36 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL AND OTHER HELP
38 carpenterB. different Jobs.. $3 and $2 50 day
20 laborers to help carpenters.... $40 and found
22 men or strong boys to handle hammer and
hatchet, 2 years" Job, come see.... $30 to $40 fd
3 coopers, ranch carpenter and millwright; 27
blacksmiths, also some helpers, $3, $2 50. $2
day and $1 75, $2 day
blacksmith for sawmill $65 and found
8 boy» or men to work in a city factory; gen-
eral utility man; man to carry U S mall; 2
farmers and wives; 6 men for warehouse
work, frea fare, $75
FRUIT PICKERS, also HORSE BREAKERS
25 men or boys to pick fruit $30 and found
3 coachmen, $30 and found; 3 gurdeners.$30;
6 men to break stock on ranch. .$32 50 and fd
......AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES
234 laborers ln 23 different sawmills. $26 to $40
and found, anybody will suit; 95 woodsmen;
mill men; also all kinds of planing mill help,
$95, $S0, $65, $70. $60, $>0, $50, $30 and found....
364 woodchoppers. tlemakers, etc. $3. $2 50, $2,
$1 and 75c cord, tools and food fonud
126 farm hands $35, $30, $26 and found
36 milkers and buttermakers $30. $25 found
24 stablemen, etc.... $25. $50, $50, $40, $30 found
16 haybalers, $3 day; also harvest crews
• IN SAN FRANCISCO: all parts of California
364 laborers and teamsters, $2 E0, $2, $1 75 day,
fcome board yourselves home; boys for stores,
factories, etc.; city jobs; cabinet makers,
woodworkers, carriage makers, bridge build-
ers, etc.; come see
....ALSO HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
..NOT ADVERTISED COME SEE I
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL, LAUNDRY, BAKERY
BUTCHERS' DEPARTMENT
43 cooks: come see...... $70, }G0. VJ>, $40, $30 fd
33 waiters $35. $30. $25 found
19 dishwashers $30. $26. $23. $20, ?15 fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for in-
stitutions, sausage-makers, pantrymen
9 butchers $35, $40. $30 and found
12 bakers and assistants, 2d, 3d hands; also
boys, $50. $60, $40. $30. $25 and found
14 laundrymen. $33, $30 and found! come see.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A-C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.'
200 teamsters, Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers, S. P. Co.'b own work $2 a day
100 teamsters, Bakersfield $2 a day
200 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship dally Office fee $1 Free fare
Wanted for big tunnel. Shatsworth Park:
CO tunnel men $2 to $2 10 a day
25 muckers ". $2 a day
25 drillers $2 a day
Ship dally Office fee $1 Free fare
15 laborers, concrete work. Coast road. $2 25
day and up Fee $1 Free fare
CO woodsmen. $35 to $45 and found, see boss
here; 20 laborers for woods. $26 and fare ad-
vanced: 10 quartz miners, $2 f.O a day; 10 milk-
ers. $25 and $30; 2 farmers. $35. fare 50 cents;
eawyer, $45 and board; farmer and wife, or-
chard, $35; gardener and wife, private place.
$10; man about place. $25; ranch blacksmiths,
wheelwrights. wagonmakers, stablemen,
chonemen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker and pastry cook, country hotel, $50;
cook and dishwasher, small springs, $40 and
$25; cook and dishwasher, small restaurant, :
$35 and S20; second cook and dishwasher for
steamer. 130 and $25; 6 bell and elevator boys.
$10 and $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— 3 COLORED waiters; country hotel; $23
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
BAND sawyer for lumber mill; 6 blacksmiths,
city and country, ?2 50 to $3 50 day; wheel-
wright; 3 more house carpenters, $3 day;
driver for milk wagon, {30 and found: all
¦ kinds of mill and woodsmen at $30 to $30; 10
laborers for lumber railroad, *26. fare ad-
vanced; miners and muckers, $3, $2 50 and 12
day, and many • others. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Coachman, private family, short dis-
tance ln country, $30, see boss this forenoon;
man and wife for private place, $40, see lady
this forenoon. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 62S Sacramento Bt.
WANTED— Chef for R. R. eating-house, $73;
bread baker, country, $50; pastry cook, R. R. ;
eatlne-house, $45; waiter, country hotel, $30;
waiter, coffee-house, $30; cook, lumber camp, 1
$40; kitchen porter, restaurant, $25; porter for
dining-room. $25; cook, short orders and
oysters, $17 CO a week; all kinds of kitchen •
help; cook. Central America, fare paid. J. F. |
CROSETT Agency. 62S Sacramento st.
GER.^N man to attend Invalid; must have
experience: state age. Box 3237, Call office.
GOOD bushelman; steady work. PLANZ &
SON, 665 Geary St.
SMALL boy wanted to go errands. 227 Fifth
street.
NEAT boy to learn restaurant business. Ap-
ply 337 Bush st.
BOY, 17 years; schooner for Honolulu. Apply
at once, 618 Third at.; bring clothes.
BARBER wanted; steady, single man; short
hours, at 213 Sansome St.
WANTED— Boy who has worked ln printing of-
fice. Box 3239. Call office.
WANTED— Retail grocery salesman. Box 3141,
Call office.
COOK wanted at 1012 Battery st.
WAITER wanted right away. Apply Troy
Hotel. £06 Twentieth St., PoWero, near Union
Iron Works.
WANTED— Florist and gardener; must be a
business man. COO Halght st
WANTED- Small boy in butcher shop. ioio
Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Man to wait at table and help ln
kitchen, restaurant. 258 First st.
AN errand boy wanted at 734 Montgomery st..
room -1.
WANTED— A young man to drive a milk
wagon; $10 and found. Call from 1 to 2 at
1918 Hyde st.
COATMAKER on fine military coats by week.
410 Kearny St., room 35. v*-- >
BARBER wanted at 1703 Devlsadero at.;
steady.
• BARBER wanted at 556 Fourth B t.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant butcher and help on
range; also first-class waiter. 70 Third st.
WANTED — An experienced second cook; also a
dlntng-room boy. U. S. Hotel. 123 Eddy st.
WANTED— A barber; young man; steady. 796A
Geary st.
WANTED— A good tailor for bushellng at 623
Commercial at.
WANTED— Good all-round blacksmith; steady
Job: good wages. Apply to J. O'SHEA, Seven-
teenth and Vermont sts. ' .
WAITER wanted; must be steady. 631 Clay st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union No. lft meet*
to-night at 102 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— To buy a barber shop with 3 Or 4
chairs. Box 3243, Call office.
A YOUNG man wanted for gents' furnishing
goods line at 44 East St., near Mission.
BARBER shop for rent or sale. 217 Fourth st.
WANTED— For U. S. army.- able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; cit-
izens of- United States: ¦ of good character
and , temperate habits, who can speak, read
and write English; recruits are specially de-
"~Bir»d for service In Philippines. For infor-
mation : apply to Recruiting Officer, 121 New
; Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal."
SOBER man In wine house tending bar; must
understand mixing drinks; state nationality.
Box 3S29. Call office. •
WANTED— Steady, sober man for cleaning up
In bakery. Ill Larkln st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
. price. 562 .Mission Et., bet. 1st and "d sts.
WANTED — A good block butcher; $30 per month
and found. Apply 3318 Mission st. ¦
¦rr
15 TO 18-year-old boy for merchant tailor. Ad-
dresa box : 3217.. Call office.
PERSONS now holding positions can make
. money without . Interfering with present em-
ployment. For particulars address box 3274.
Call office.
WANTED— A first-class window dresser. S. N
WOOD & CO., 718 Market St., S. F.
flrnlr irniii *-¦!¦¦ iffiiii-iT™irf 1 ?»>—^. m... i ¦. i> - * J mxa^K^^^m^m ,
HELP WAXTED MALE.
WANTED— recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of good character: between the a*es
of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet 4
inches and not over t f-eet 1 Inch ln heleht;
must be citizens of the United States, cr per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, writ-
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. i>30 K St..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 105* J et.. Fresno. CaL
AVANTEI>— Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the Tesla coal mine?. Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at
S2S/ Montgomery "t.. San Francisco. San
Francisco and San Joaquln Ccal Company.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 2ic to
50c. S62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WAXTED- Clarionet players for the band of
the flagship Iowa. Call on board.
WANTED— First-class jewelry engraver: steady
position. Baldwin Jeweler. 846 Market it.
A BRIGHT boy can pay for an education at
Ayres' Business College by worklsag two hours
each day. ;
COAT makers, coat pressers and vest opera-
tors. 541 Market st.
WANTED— Office boy; give reference. 53k
23S2. Call.
NEW goods; quick sales: salary or commis-
sion; city or country. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood building. *
WANTED— Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at £27 14th st.. near Guerrero.
San Francisco Construction Company.
MEN and women to learn chiropody, dermatol-
ogy by mall; diplomas. Correspondence de-
partment, 254 Sixth ave.. New York; write.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; ICO larse
rooma; 25c per night; U to %Z per week..
MEN and women to learn barber trade: small
wanes while learning; catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard St.
SAILORS, ordinary r?amen and green hands;
ali parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2« Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years* practice: Examiner bile
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
LINDELL House, comer Sixth and Howard-
Rooms ISc te 23c per night: 75c to $2 per 'week.
UORSUS, LIVC STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, busies,
carte, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE — 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZEII... Vet. De- Hat. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES— Young, well broken: for all purposes;
cheap: be*t In city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Third.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BRODERICK. 724] near McAllister— $22 50:
modern ranny "-room house.
POST, 2475— Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath;
large yard; rent $20. *
HOUSES TO LET KL'lt.MSIIEU.
A FURNISHED Hat: 3 rooms and bath. 1717
Webster st.. near Sutter; rent $13.
NEWLY furnished house: Pacific ave.. north
side; fine location: marine view; 12 rooms.
Address box 3411. Call office.
HOUSES WAXTED.
WANTED— House of about 10 rooms and bath
on north side of Pacific ave. or California st. ;
must be modern; will pay $123. Address box
3334. Call office.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— At Shell Mound Park, last Sunday,
purse with $10 and a gold ring. Liberal r-i-
ward. H. P. FILGATE. 323 Harriet at.
LOST — July 21. a military badge pin. shape
of a shield; letter B above and 63 below.
Finder will be rewarded by returning to
JNO. HENRY BANEY. Hlbernla Bank.
$23 REWARD— # Lost from Hotel Geneva, Sau-
palito, July 23," sealbrown maxe. about 7 years
old. large scars on both hind lefts. Return to
Union Stable. SC2 Howard St., 3. V.
LOST— Gold watch guard with locket attached:
Mascnlc emblem on front and initials A. V.
L. on back of locket. Return to 114 Market
st. and receive reward.
LOST— Monday, in ladles' room Mechanics'
Library, purse containing $60 gold coin; nama
Inscribed. Reward at 353 Market st.
ON Kearny et., fox terrier bitch, brown ears.
spot forehead and tail. Return New Western
Hotel; reward.
LADY'S watch chain and K. of P. locket: lost
on ocean beach; reward $5. 172 Minna st.
LOST — Sheep-bound pocket dally account book
Saturday night on Market st. Reward and
Etamps If returned to DR. R. D. GRUBBS,
Golden West Hotel.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln th»
name of FREDERICK MACK. No. 235-S72.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On nlcht of August 3. dark bay mare
on West Grant st, Aiameda. Phone Eogla
291; reward.
FOUND— White cow; brand AA. Call Excel-
sior Dairy, near Cambridge st.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRs7~DAVIES~122S Market St.— Rell-
able ladles' and gents specialists; 32 years'
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
fice; ladles treated can return home the same
day; try the celebrated HUNDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by cii-
rectlons; perfectly harmless; home for confine-
ment. Send five 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5, positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement; skillful medical
attention; consultation free and confidential.
446 Eddy st., bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DK. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou.
ponds of case* succftsfully; treatment can be
.used at home; consultation free. After all
other* fall call on him. 1023H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases
success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007% Market st.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office, $3; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
1st; home in confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium 704 Sacramento. cor.Kearny;advlce free.
DR. POPPER. ladles' physician; call on physi-
cian with man's knowledge; medicine can
' only be had at office. 318 Kearny st. *
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private homo
ln confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WISE— The only genuine ladles' specialist.
Office 1118 'Market st. •
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. M>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures: new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
£2 complete outfits on our floor, ready m-ide;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission st.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A VERY old violin for $22; the original owner
pa.d $55 for it. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
GROCERYMEN. attention— Large fixtures for
sale cheap at 953 Howard st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A— 100 H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
A— $3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near' Pine.
8-LB steel T rail for sale cheap. BURNSTINE
BROS.. 533 Brannan st.
GROCERYMEN, attention— Large fixtures for
sale cheap at 953 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
30OC FT. ?d-tiand pipe. H-lnch. black & straight.
* l%c per foot: other sizes higher. 64 Sliver st.
HOUSE painters' staging and ladders. Sea
landlady. 340 Third st.
2ND-HAND gasoline and steam engines, lathes.
etc.; general machine work. 137 Beale st.
2ND-HAND engines, bailers, dynamos, motors
and gasoline eng. H. S. White. '516 Mission.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montsomery St.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
HCSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclsw)
Call, corner of Ma-ket and Third streets, open
tntll 12 o'clock rve-T nlgrht ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet.
ccmer C'ay; open until S:SO p. in.
CM Hayes street; open until 8:00 p. m.
C39 McAllister etreet; open until 9:3d p. m.
Ct3 Larkin street; cpen until 9:33 p. m.
l?il Mission street; cpen ur.Ul 10 p. m.
:£C1 Mission street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
until 9 p. m.
106 Hl^venth rtre»t; open until 9 p. m.
10K Valencia Ftrret; open' until 8 p. in.
Northwest corner Twenty -second * E(1 Ken-
tui-kv rtr"»*fs: epi-n until 8 p. m.
MEKTI\C NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA chapter No. 6, R. A. M., ¦
will meet TillS (TUESDAY* EVEN-
IN'i. August T. nt 7:30 o'clock. Stated 1C3C
meeting and R. A. IVpree. By order ' A
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Lodpe No. 30. F. and ¦
A. M.— THIS (TLTPDAY) EVENING. _ff\_
at 7:30 o'clock. Ftated meeting. By jZ. 3f
order of W. M. /^T >
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodre No. 135. F. and A. M.. ft
121 Kddy St. — Stated meeting THIS_/%_
(TfEFlUT) EVEXINO. at S o'clock. >L3C
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. AV^^
ORIENTAL Lodjre No. 144. F. and A. A
M— ctate.1 meeting THIS (TUES-^J%
DAY) U\ •EN1NG. at K o'clock. >C3?
A. S. HUBHAUD. Secretary. /V>
DIVISION No. 2. A. O. H.— The regular V^TS>
monthly meeting of this division will
be held at Hitwrnia Hall. 120 Ninth v\\W
et.. on TUSEDAY. August 7. at 7:80CC^k«J
p. m. JOHN KENNY. President. »^»
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
FORWARD Movement Workers— Have you
heard them ? Pythian Castle. 909 Market et.
every day and evw.iitf, 2 and 8 -p. m. ; Wed-
nesday, 4 p. m., free opening lecture, new first
course class.
AGENTS WAXTED.
JiWK) CAN be made during campaign season
re '.ling cur campaign ties; greatest Bellers
ever introduced: territory going: write Imme-
diately: full line white and fancy rubber col-
lars; enclose ntamr- Dept. C. M. & M Htm
Co.. Fprir.sfield. Mass.
WE handle newest novelties for agents. PA-
CirU' AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. MCI 3«th tt.
ASTROLOGY.
ERNEST S. CREEN pcFlUvTl^pj^i^rtnTTtars
rr.lf- your fate:t«>rtimon!alsfree; trial readings
from date Krth. by rr.all. 15 2-cent stamps;
full horoscopes $2 up. 1S04 Market et.. 2d floor.
MME. KJCKET, RFtrologlf t ; pet your horoscope
with full explanation of jour future, 50c; card
rending an<'. pglmlst-y. 2.V. 1333 Mission Ft.
AlTOUMCls AT L.HV.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. £'27~MarkeT7t7
room CI7; estates, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charts; money loaned on estate*.
ADVICE *ree; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success ; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. >>jO Market, cor. Stocktou.
FRKE advice; divorce laws. dam=jr«>». estate-,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. <C7 Market st.. opp. Matjn.
L. B. <"LARlv. F.mma Ppreckels bid*.. 9!7 Mii-
ket Pt. ; ceng-jjtation free: no fees ln advance.
CUSTEU. HERMAN J., nttorney. ST7 Market
ft., r. T.rS; rpen eve., 7-9: consultation, free.
AUTOMOBILES.
AITOMORILES — FEEB WARD & SON.
Acr.ts. 46 Frerrnr.t ft.
HATH < AHINETS.
ROBINSON STi. 4-panel foiatng: door opens; arm
and safe. W. S. HROWN. gen, agrt.. 4JS Elila.
DKLGIAX QARBS.
I/>P.!> FASHODA CHIEF and~Lady Lurab,
first prize in llr.flanj, at C14 Gulden Gate ave.
CHAMPION RELOIAN HARE .SANITARY
HEADQUARTERS: sales daily. lOtfVs Sutler.
GOLDEN GATE BELCIA2S HARE CO.. 609 Gol-
d>n Oate av.. S. F.. SOP rabbits for sale cheap.
BICVCLJSS — For Sale or Kirhnncf.
ALLEN has captured the market with $30 bicy-
cles. 301 Lorkln St.: offers wanted for 100 eec-
end-l.ar.d wheels. 197u Paee et.
HOARDING FOR CHILD&BX.
INFANTS t&ken to board; private home; spe-
cial care; pleasant and healthy place; chil-
dren : 19 > years boarded $10 month; Kan
Leandro, A'.araeda Co. Apply I Cohen place.
FOR refined home tr.d excellent care for little
fr:rl address American, box 3120, Call office.
oni'.MA.N lady wishes one or two children to
board; room for Barents. 423 Minna et.
GERMAN ja'2y w!«hff ore or two children to
tyfira: rood home. ?750 Harrison st.
UVBlXtZS* CUA&CUS.
A^$?iriiESTArRANTr^^n^«i"1toT5lshed
ri-oms; 1 Mock ¦ from Chronicle; rents $47 50;
the p!ace clears J12j per month. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26h* Keaxny st.
A- 175<>; SALOON, w 4 th pool table; close to
Cull bids.; rent V.:,; a splendid location and
pood payinr bus:ne?s. Call R. <i WILKE.
»t : 2 Kearey rt.
A— SKOO; COrEE ealoon and restaurant on
Kearny st.; 1 lace doing a business of $00 per
cay; other fT.gas«nents compel owner to sac-
riflf e. Call R. O. WILKE, 26', Kearny *t.
A— $800; CORNER saloon with hall ln choic»st
location en Geary St.; rent $45; lease; place
kept by cxr.er for years and is doing a g'Kxl
Paring bralaen. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
21 1 * Kearny et.
A— flCOCt; COUNEH Frooery nnd bar on Larkln
tt.; rent, including £ rooms. $44; horse and
v.-apon; 5 years' lease; dally receipts about
$30; owner to leave for the country; a flrst-
cla.«s and rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
2C4; Kearny »t-
A— IWl; DEUCACY and dairy produce, ln Ala-
xnt"(Ja: rent $Z; dally receipts $12; business es-
tabl. S years. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— ?17iO; CORNER grocery and la: on Mission
et. ; place has been kept by present own«-r for
10 years and clearing above $150 per month;
. btock and natures wurlh the money. Call R.
*}. WILKE. 254 Kear:iy rt.
A— S2C0: RESTAURANT and chophouse on wa-
te r front; rent $1D; bargain. It. O. WILKE,
26'i. Kearr.y *t-
A—WM; CORNER grocer}' and bar; established
ream and known as a money making place;
bert loosLtk/n; close to Chronicle building. Bee
It. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
$175 — CIO AH store, on Market st.: central; very
nice place and good business; cheap rent;
great bargain. LANE & CO., 8CS Market st.
$SC«O— RESTAURANT and coffee house ln fine
location; north Market: fine business; cheap
rert; a great bargain. LANE & CO.. 865 MkU
$C70 — BUTCHER 6hop; prosperous country
town; bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H
Market st.
PMT*BIKKB wanted; Indoor business- will
pay from $r,o to ?7D per month to each yearly.
McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777»* Market Et.
TOZl RALE— At a bargain: « first-class saloons;
3 lodging h'.usps; 2 cigar Flores; grocery and
I>«r. Inquire at office. 930 Howard St.. ilc-
BRIDE ft CO.. Agents.
CORNER RTocery and bar: established and
kept by owner 7 years; sold at a bargain on ;
account of ireini? East. Corner of Eighteenth
and l>anvers sts.
AN Interest In a paying, legitimate business,
where services r.f capable man are required;
lnwftipation and ref'nees. A. B.. box 32. Call.
GOOI>-PAYING b&loon for %al* or to exchange
for S. F. property. Particulars R. MOTT &
CO.. 20> Post ft.
|17S— DELICACI ES er.d branch bakery; 3 living
rooms; rent $12. with water. 42S Sixth Bt.
STATIONERY, candy and notion Ftore dolnr
_ good business. Apply at 217H O'Farrell et.
TO be soM immediately, saloon. €06 How-ard
rtreet.
BAKERS— Bakrrr, conducted successfully 6
years, now being renovated and fitted up.
to let. Apply on premises, NW. cor. Twenty-
fourth and Guerrero st«.
TO RENT— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; fine
location; place Is entirely covered ; contains 3
rtallt; rent only flSz water free. Inquire WM
HENDRICKSON A CO.. C14 Call bulldlnjr.
FOR SALE: — Saloon: good business; cause, Blck-
no«s. IcqSire 44 Second st.
FIRST-CLASS oyster and chop house for sale
cheap, on account of sickness. liox "4C7. Call.
AN interest In a paying legitimate business,
where services of capable man are required;
lnvestlfation and refnees. A. B.. box 22, Call.
STATIONERY, notions, cigar store; fine loca-
tion: dGinc frood business. Inquire Call
branch office. 500 Hayes et.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar and 4 11%-ing rooms:
ftcllirg account of sickness; eolng East. 44S
Clementina st.
A WELL-PAYING photograph rallery in Oak-
land for sale; best of location; a Klondike for
a first-class man. See SHILLCOCK.
COFFEE ealoos and cbop house, with ten fur-
nished rooms, all rented, for pale very cheap;
cood paying bUElnewe. Box 2892. Call office.
«UTCHER shop; must be sold: wholesale bills
fi'jv per week. Inquire S44 Thirteenth et.Captain Alberts came upon him. ordered
him to take off his coat, the ship's badge
of office and- Bent him to his cabin. Tho
young sailor went down in disgrace. ,
Five minutes after ..; the door closed be
hind him a shot was heard and ; when It
was forced open Thiele lay on the floor
with a bullet' in his brain.
NEW. YORK, Aug. 6.-E. Thlele, fourth
officer of the Hamburg liner Deutschland,
blew out his brains during the voyage of
the big ocean greyhound. On the second
day out it was Thiele s turn to watch on
the -bridge.. The air made him drowsy
and he fell alseep at his post.
His Life.
Sailor Found Asleep at His Post Ends
REMORSE CAUSES SUICIDE.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— Captain Ben.iamin
F. Howland. a pioneer Mason, died this
afternoon at his residence. 624 Ninth
street. Captain Howland was born in
New Bedford 72 years ago. In 1S49 he
came to California and- opened the -New
York Photograph Gallery in San Fran
cisco. .His sudden death was caused by
heart disease. His widow, Mary S. How
land, and eight children survive him.
Pioneer Mason Dead.
COWES, Isle of Wight. Aug. 6.— The
presence In these waters of several Amer
ican yachts, and entertainments given on
board: of them saved the opening of yacht
week "from dreariness. Emperor William
Makes Notable Speech at the Unveil
ing of a Statue of Frederick
, William.
BIELEFELD, Prussia, Aup. 6.— At the
unveiling? of the statue of the Great Elec
tor to-day Emperor William delivcred"a
notable speech, dwelling upon tho dark
days of the thirty years' war and the "im
ppri.«hable service" rendered by Frederick
William In building up the country from
the hope of establishing a great northern
empire, which one day should draw to
gether the German fatherland.
"This wonderful result." said the Em
peror, "has finally been fulfilled and chief
ly because every Prince has been animat
ed by the consciousness that he was only
an earthly governor anil had to render
an account to a higher King.
"To me, it is perhaps, granted to fulfill
a part of the Great Elector's dream. What
he could only point to we are. now able to
take up on a larper scale, because we are
united In the fatherland and marching
forth In an army consisting of the sons
of every hamlet In Germany, to support
the black, white and red flag, which
shows the arm of the Kaiser reaches to
the remotest parts of the world. Without
the Great Elector this would have been
Impossible. -
"If every one takes the same view of the
task of Elector, thfn I am convinced that
prreat times are *till in store for our great
German Fatherland "
¦ » _ . .
American Yachts Abroad.
KAISER EULOGIZES
THE GREAT ELECTOR
BERKELEY, Aug. 6.— The public
schools opened to-day with an unusually
large attendance. All of the schools were
overcrowded, but considerable relief was
afforded from the new rooms which have
been added to the Dwight Way School.
More students were enrolled at the High
School for this year's work than ever be
fore.
Public Schools Open.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— Mills College will
reopen on Wednesday. The freshman
class Tvill be the largest In the college's
history. The new teachers are Mrs. Mary
M. Chandler, from Stanford University;
Miss Lena M. Macaulay, a graduate of
the University of California, who will
teach Latin and Greek; Miss Mary Ed
wards, a graduate of Mount Holyoke Col
lege, teacher of science; and Miss Anna
C. Coyle of Oakland, a graduate of Mills
College. '
New Teachers at Mills College.
Unless some unforeseen technicality
arises Judge Greene will hear Horace W.
Philbrook's petition on August 17.
After deciding that he was the only one
to preside, Judge Greene was requested
by Philbrook to set the case for trial be
fore August 28, the date originally set
The petitioner wanted the cases set'down
for next week, but the court decided that
George W. Reed and W. P. Bosley, attor
neys for the Merritts. should have proper
time in which to prepare a defense and
set the case for August 17.
The latest turn in the erratic wander
ings of the ostracized case was taken this
morning when It was unexpectedly an
nounced that the application for guard
ianship would not be transferred from
Judge Greene's department but would be
heard by him. When the/?ase was. called
this morning Judge Grefcne announced
that neither Judge Ogden nor Judge Ells
worth would hear the petition. Both de
clined, he said, "for good and sufficient
reasons." As Judge Hall U disqualified
to serve because of his r#atlonship to
Attorney A. A. Moore, the' matter must
necessarily remain in Judge Greene's de
partment. -.\- ¦_¦¦'
Since Philbrook filed his petitions sev
eral w<»eks ago, the case has been con
tinued from time to time and transferred
from one department of the Superior
Court to another until each one of the
four. Judges has either heard portions of
it or refused to preside.
The application of Horace W. Phllbroolc
to be appointed guardian of James P.
Merritt and the children of James P.
Merritt and Mary Webster Merritt and
Frederick A. Merritt and Mary Brown
Merritt. is a matter that none of the Su
perior Judges of Alameda County seem
anxious to decide. Until to-day it was a
case without a court to try It.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. August C.
After Weeks of Tossing From Court
to Court the Case Will Now Be
Heard by Judge
Greene.
Hall Disqualified and Ogden
and Ellsworth Refuse
to Preside.
JUDGES FIGHT
CLEAR OF THE
MERRITT CASE
Contractor Left Accounts Unsettled
pud Guarantors Are Trying to
Compromise With TJn
paid Firms.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 6.
The Alcatraz Masonic Hall Association
Is at loggerheads with the United Stated
Fidelity and Guarantee Company because
of a refusal of the company to settle with
creditors of Contractor Grant, who erect
ed the building and bought his bond from
that company.
Grant foil behind in his payments be
cause of the lapse of some of his sub
contracts. He recently went to Xome and
left behind him a big batch of creditors,
who have filed llenn upon the 'new Ma
sonic Hall amounting to $6000. Before de
parting Grant turned over $&00 to the
surety company. The .hall association
holds $1000 due the contractor. The com
pany is now making an effort to settle
with the creditors at 75 cen-ts on the dol
lar. The hall association has blocked this
move in the interests of the creditors,
who, the directors insist, shall be paid In
full.
This course would Involve a loss to the
guarantee company of about $1200, but the
hall directors declare that the company
accepted the risk and that the creditors
must be fully protected.
"The lodge doe.* not propose that a
single lirm shall lose a dollar on the builu
ing," declared Charles E. Snook to-day.
"We have $4800 in sight to meet these
claims and the remainder due must be
paid by the guarantee company.. The as
sociation insists that there shall he no
compromise, because these creditors are
entitled under the conditions of the bond
made by the surety company to the full
amount due them."
Those who have filed liens are as fol
lows: John A. Marshall, $515; Remillard
Brick Company. $1292 75; J. O. Larrabec,
$175, $225: Kocklln Granite Company, $25;
Pacific Manufacturing Company, $2028 63;
Fireproof Door Company, $159; Dalziel uc
Moller, $460 12; Howden & Proctor. $40;
Charles F. Grant, $115 25; John Conly,
$76 50; E. Lewis, $37 60: Louis Kahrs, $93;
R. L. Bernier & Co.. $290; California Mar
ble Mosaic Company, $68; McPhee Com
pany, $93 50; Pierce Hardware Company,
$20S 10; E. B. & A. L. Stone Supply Com
pany, $S64 96; Parafflne Paint Company,
$300 12; Judson Manufacturing Company,
$400 96; H. Hinds, $37 60.
Alcatraz Hall Association
Insists Upon Full Pay
ment.
MASONS AT WAR
OVER A SURETY
COMPANY BOND
A Harrell, w & dau, Miss B Vaughn Fresn
Bakersfleld . E II Harvey &' w, Sac
C J Cox & tv, Elmo S F Balliet. Iowa
Mrs T T Park. Delano W E Hayes, La Banos
C A Foster, Lowell P A Reachy, Chicago
H Buchemeyer, Portld L M Hancock Nev Cy
T Phillips &. w, Cal \V W Oates. Stockton
Miss O Cook. Ill W M Gottuchalk. Mil
Mrs Geortse. Los Ane T D De*. Osden
Mrs A Blddle, S Jose E M Allison Jr, Ogden
Miss Migllavacca.Napa F Wlswell &. w, Phila
Miss Duprey, Xapa J McBain. Menlo Park
J Mleliavacca. Kaoa B Burk. Menlo Pant
P C Mitchell. St Hel R T Brown. Petaluma
Mr & Mrs Hourney-, Mrs J Fares & d, Sao
Vallejo A M McCoy. R Blurt
Mrs W Roblnson.Peta T C Wood, San Mateu
Miss Robinson, Peta Mrs P F Wood, Tulare
J E Pamulin. China O Woodward. Cal
D M Both well. Aneels'W C Pott a & w. Cal
A J Howard, Los Ang Miss Potts. Cal
F Eaten, Los Ang F H Fafrar, Merced
E M Wilkinson, Cal W w Worthing, Cal
Mrs II II Nichols, Cal B W Hooe & w. Mo
H II Spencer. Oeden W F Parker. Ls Ane
S Brown & d. Oeden W B Klnney, Chicago
O E Pardee. Chicago C H Blemer, Sacto
F A Kaufman. Woodld C S Halllfax & w, Sac
R C Dlfonderfer. Pa W C Delias, Atwater
R W Ragsdale. S Rosa R Luscomb. I*s Gatos
Miss E lUgsdale, S RsalL D P Syle. Berkeley
C Melntosh, XT Ic N Vaunhn, Fresno
GRAND HOTEL.
2 A Voirt. Chicaero Ft C Variel, Los Ang
B Eastman, NY E Chambers Los Ang
ff B Wood & w, S Jose P W Morse, Watsnvllle
L Hlrsch, San Jose E A Ford, Pittsburg
B M Lion. San Jose F C Peck, Los Ang
Miss S Lion, S Jose Mrs M*- C Clarke Ca!
Miss M Andrews, S Jos|VV C Ralston & w, Cal
I C Weedeman. Modest (Mrs Balch, Philadelph
B F Woodman, Spokan Miss Balch, Philadelph
J Davis & w, S Jose K S Balch, r^'ladelph
F Harvey, Kan City t W Balch, lf><.ladeljih
V Vizzettl. Kan City \V A Brewer. San Mat
RAF Penrose Jr, Ariz E S Relllv, Atlan City
C Rogers Jr & w, Ca] [ C Schiller, Los- Ane
\V W Benedict &w, Cal r Hopkins & w, Cal
P M Lyon & w, L Anfi Miss L Hopkins. Cal
T R Phillips, Stockton W C Hawley, N J
P Newmark. Los Ang L Jones, Hoi lister
M K Newmark, L Ang R H Long. Atlan City
F M Braun, Los Ang R Booye. Atlantic City
J O Koeffle, Los Ang F G Rlgby, Chicago
C C Reynolds, Los Ang D G Campbell & w. Cal
II Slegel, I^os Ang Miss CJ de Fremmory,
Dr C Kurtz. Los Angr Oakland
R H Variel & w, L An L Variel & w, L Ang
PALACE HOTEL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E Schober, Bishop C Harrington. Boston
S J Matteson, Sacto R Jensen- & w, Boston
Mrs J Harter, Modesto M B Stanton, Chicago
IV J Harter, Modesto W Baxter. Columbus
W II Wilbur. Stocktn E de Valle & f. Mo *
C Ortiz, Denver M Calahan. Ogden
H C Morris, Denver J A Watson, Oregon
O Jones, Iowa , J Stopper Ottawa
H B Smith. Tulare J P Murtha & w. Can
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
"It is evidently intended to intimidate
the men into withdrawing their demands.
They will not do so. The employers were
all given notice months ago that the men
would demand a shorter working day.
They had ample time to arrange for the
new order of things. It will affect all
mills alike. There is nothing whatever
in the argument that they will have to
compete ¦with mills elsewhere not af
fected. The fact is that after August 14
no material from unfair mills will bo
handled. The mill operatives on both
sides of the bay are thoroughly organised.
They have the support of the Building
Trades Alliance, which means that the
laborer, the bricklayer, the carpenter, the
electrician, the decorator, the paper
hanger, the cement worker, will refuse
to lift a trowel, handle a hammer or saw
or do anything else on a building in
which material from any unfair firm
enters. There are some mill owners who
are ready to concede the justice of the de
mands of the mill operatives. If others
refuse they will have to meet the issue.
The operatives are not seeking trouble,
but they, believe that their demands are
just and reasonable and that if the mill
owners had agreed to co-operate for con
cessions instead of combining for conflict
there would have been no difficulty in
making an adjustment to meet the new
conditions."
One of the members of the local union
stated this afternoon that the ultimatum
of the millmen would have no effect on
the stand taken by the operatives. He
said:
"The purpose of this notification," said
C. L.. Ineler of- the firm of Iugler & At
kinson, lo-rlay, "is to give \ne men a
chance to think on more than one side
of the subject. Many of them have been
driven into the Aliiunen's Union. Some
of them we know Are not in earnest. We
learn from them what is going on among
them. When they learn what we are go
ing to do they may think of their wives
and families, and some of them may
drop out. Wo do not deny them the stand
they have taft«n,-but we also have rights
and that is why we have taken our stand.
There is so much irregularity in the mill
business that it is impossible to put it on
the basis that the men want. If the men
fail to recede from their stand it will not
only affect them but all the building
trades."
The ultimatum of the mill owners of
this city to their employes who have de
manded an eight-hour day is in accord
ance with the ultimatum issued by the
owners across the bay. They have re
fused to accede to the demands of the
men and have posted notices that on and
after August 13 they will continue to
operate their mills on the same time
schedule as heretofore.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 6.
Employers and Operatives Are Equal
ly Determined, on Their Stands
and a General Strike Is -
Imminent.
Ultimatum to That Effect
Is issued to Their
Workmen.
MILL OWNERS OF
OAKLAND REFUSE
UNION DEMANDS
BERLIN, Aug. 6.— Count von Bulow, the
German Foreign Minister, has abandoned
his usual summer vacation on the Emmer
ing and will go Instead for a short stay
to the island of Nordenny In the North
Sea. «
Count Von Bulow's Vacation.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 6.— Justice Brewer
of the United States Supreme Court to
day handed down a decree In the litiga
tion brought by the Metropolitan Water
Company of Kansas City. Kans.. ques
tioning the right of Kansus City. Mo., to
furnish water to the packing houses of
other' concerns in Kansas City. Kan?.
Justice Brewer decided that whatever
wrongs the Metropolitan Company or the
Kansas City., Mo., Company might do one
to the other in their adminstration of their
respective plants, were questions not to
be settled by this litigation, but by inde
pendent proceedings. The decision is a
victory for the Missouri city.
cables that on account of the death of the
Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Ootha he is
compelled to withdraw his yacht Meteor
from all competitions excepting the race
for the Queen's cup, in which she will
take part out of respect for the donor of
the trophy.
* i
Missouri Company Wins.
13
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1 900.
WbbHy Gall, S1.00 DeTYear
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
In I H3i lor the ¦treatment ot Priva.te
Wseases, lxxjt Manhood Debility or
d spaae^earin ? oii body and mlndind
Miln Dfseaa«>s. y rhe doctor enreswhen
others fall. Try him. Charge* low
Jure«u«ar>»nt«-«. t. Callorwrltft
Or. J. f oliiDOS, Box 1037.S&nFraadaco
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto F-rry:
WEEK DAYS..»:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p m
SUNDAYS ....S. 9. 10. 11 a. m.. l:J0. 2 S3 £ m!
Fare San Francisco to Summit and return. Jl 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thur*. and Sat. at S:4r.
n. m.. 3:15. 8:10 p. m. (ex-Thurs. nicht); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:10: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 1
p. m. Landintr and office. Mljslon-strcet Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main lJCt.
FARE 5Cc
Steamer "Alonttcello."
BAY AyD RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S. NAVY YARD AND YAILEJO.
KOSMOS LINE ""-^-
iXUU.TIUO LI II!. LUXOR K00 tons
ABYDOS 4f!C0 ton*
Monthly Sailing, for Valparaiso end Hamburg,
via Mexican port?. Central and South
America, etc.
S. S. Tanis. 4r.cn tor;, raits «bout Auicujt •?.
J. IX SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aefnt.«.
114 Montgomery st. Pit No. 7— Frrlght offlef.
227 Market st.. San Franclyco.
OCEANIC 8. S. CO.— HOXOI.UI.TJ, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
Zealand and Australia 'Wed.. Aug. 3, 8 p. m
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. August 22, J p. m.
t. 0. SPRECKELSi BFlOS.CO..^Qts.. •i4,Montaomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Fra!shtOi/le«.?27 Market St
<PARIS> ASP HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVIC5
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply tr>
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.37 B'dWy.N.T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATIOX
Reserved if secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Airta. for Pactflc Coast.
401 California st.. corner Sansome. S. F.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LOXDOX>. CHERBOURO
HAIVlBURG-AMERICA^
JtAILBOAD TBAVEH
HOCTIIKBN 1-At'iriC tunriHT.
(rJtCIVIC SYHTKM.)
TraUi !••»«• »¦><! «••«• iIh< «• iirrltt mt
MAN nt » \«:irro.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Stretl)
ICtTB — r*Olf JtTLT 15, 1300. — »*StTl
•7iOO» Bsnlda. 8n!*no. Elmira. V*c»tU1»,
Rurnsiy *nc! Sicrmnento. •7:l.lp
•TiOOa ShwU Exprfw-DaTla Wllllanuj[fof
B.trslett Srrlcjs), Willows. Bod
BluS. rortkui *7i43p
•7 inn * M srtiner. M.»n Rsinoo. Vallejo. Nmp».
C»lUt<g» »nil 8»nt» Roa* *S:l.'>p
'SiOOa D*tu, V, ooJIvid, KntzhU Lindlnj.
Murtifilie, OrotiUe *?M3p
•iiO<»% AUtntic Eipreu-Ogden aad East *11:«3a
•»i:i»* Man .Joie, Li*ermore. stucktmi,
Iou«. Haermmeaio. PI»o«nUle.
M»r jiTili-. L'hlc j, Keil Blurt • « 1 1 1 p
**>SOa OskiUI*. Chinese (for Tosemita).
Sonera, Carters. *4il,1p
•»:OO* H&jwsrds. Ml-i »mt Wif Htsilons. •! l:l. 1 »4
•»:O«i Lot Ancclea Expreoi — Hullno,
Tracy. Lmthrop. Stockton. Merced
snd Krenno. °4rOr
•0t3ft* Vsllrjf., MtrtlnM »ii<t Wny Stttlnni *»:l5p
• 10:00* Th* OTerlsnd IJmlted— O»deo. Den>
TW.Omthl. Chlc««f» 'ailSF
•II:OOa NUpb. Liter more, « lock ton, S»ei»-
mcutu. Mendot*. llanford, VIj«1I».
I'orteiflll<j Mit.ip
•11:00m Ha;»ar<!f. Nile* ami Way SUtiont. *2>f.1p
tl:OUr S«crameuto KIi«rSte*m«r« f.1:Oiu
•:t:U»p Ma/wtrJ'. Nii'i »od Waf SUtlons. •¦1:lllr
•l:»i»r Mattiuo*. H«» IIai»oh. V*lleju.
N«i>n. ».'»|:«t,>»». M«nt» Itoak •»:!»»
•l:O«r n-niei». Wbitets, Haoranisnto.
Wooilland, Knights Lauding,
M»rf«»Iil». Oriitlilo Ms):<!)a
•1i2(»p Ntlet.. Sao .!<>•• *jiU8t<>ektOD v . «":I.1p
•*:«OpTb«. Owl Umlte<t-Tr»c». rreauo.
Ii»«T»flfli.l. r<a,ii(ns fnr .-*»nt» B»r-
b»rs, Lns Anc^lea '•t-tSa
*5:0OpFr-*io Paaisnger— Martlnrt, Lath-
r>p. Si-;cVtna, Merreil. lieroadt
(lUrnflnd for Ynsemitit). Kr-sno . *l»:l-1r
••¦JlJ»p S«» Orl-»nf rirn-.s — H»k»r«! -hi.
M*iit» lUrlorm. I.e. Arg»le». IVin-
Inc. El r«-o. Ne-jr Orirai.s aud
Katt ,f. •¦.IS.
"rt:OOf riatwin!t. KIIm and San Joie •7i*t»«
««:O«r V»ll»;r> # iail3p
•il:O»r Oriental Mull-OjJen. Chejenne.
* UntAha, Chlotco Mhl-it
•#:OOp Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denttr,
Ojn.tia. Chiw<0. 'IxISp
t?>0Op V.ll.j... r. r» i.M\% tnd Way flta-
tloua. tni.iip
•*t:<».?r Orognii au:| C»II{<>mU Ki|>r«<n.Mao-
rxmoiit!.. Marjaviiif. l:«,i,tlitc,
l',irtl»i,,l. IM t .t s,..,,..1 ,,,.1 Kant »<;I5\
CO.1ST l>ms|0N (Snrron Nan**).
(Fnt.t i.f Mirkrt Street.)
17:43a H»n?J»~i;nix Excursion for S*nt»
Cnu an<1 rrinrlpxl Way ittatlorta !«:Oip
•«il.T* New»Tli.t>iitrr»llle, SAn.liaiw, Kcltini,
IteuiiVrCtrok.HaiiUCriizaiKlWay
Htatlom # a:8i»p
|9il.tp N««ark, <'«nlerTllI*. Km .Inao, Nf»
Almai{«, Krlton. ISoii!<l«r Creek.
r'au'* (.'tux «ul 1'rlncipat W»f
Suttoni M»i.->»»
Mil.ir Newark, Han Jnne. I.ns fi*»n« tSi.^o*
atitSf Glenwood. fclton. Santa Cmx tW:5'>\
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnssta ra.ic;sco— r>*\ »r Marku strMi isu» 8>—
•T-ia 9W liiogt.M. ti23 «2;-3 11:3
M-C: tlM •8:33f.«.
ftim 0UL»i3-r#,i •'2niJ»»f. — •« no 8.00 lO.OOt.M.
tl»;C3 'l-.Zl I2:S3 'i.ZZ 1* 33 'i.ZZr.u.
COAST ItlTISION (nro«.Han S »).
Q'lilnl mid To.tidicm.I St«>
(•*!•« OHM View. .South "in rmiltasn." IMzUMp
t7:«»«« s»n ."...••• mm) IV.iy St.ti. i.» ,X»»
fttiamliii WTaitiniiliia — Iji *l>a»p
;T:3O» Sundjy Rxoirsion f r Ran Joan,
• in:i» Cniz, PadRc Grore sad
Piitripal W«y Stations JIjJIp
•tfioo* h«u iti* Tim Ptm« n»nu inn,
Piti'iiie «;ri)f«. I" i ¦-. K.>lil.«. .Sau
7,..t« Ol.imi.. Surf. Lompoc ami
l'lii'tfil^l Way Kutluni *4:l»r
•loiio. H-in ,)i>io aim! Wtij MUtlons ¦fhSSt
•ll:.nu Saii.liiiF,LosGatosiirinVa}Slatlons *3<:ti>p
fi:l5pM*n Mi:.'o. Itrilwoml. Merit) Park.
VaIo Alto. Kant»(;i»f». .S»n .1 ;<m.
Tre* Vino* .tv.w ftnr. .SsIIdaa
Momiia; unl fatrine Uro»« l|Oi:t« t
t:«::ti»r H*n.loi<-»M.l Way Stations *~>:i»p
? I:l5r 9an. lose an.1 Triticipal W.jr Statlmn *9:l^«
t-VOnrSan Jose. Los Qatos aad Principal
Way Station. ?»jOI»»
•3::iOr Sau Jose »t..l PriocipAl Way Statloua )«:M»
•«:»«r San Jim mil Way Station. t*:««»
tll:45p San Jo«e»ml Way StAtinm *?:30p
A for MornlD(. V for A fteriioon.
' Daily- ? .similar «ifrM«i J SundAy only
ft Saturday nnly.
a Saturday and Pum'ay - Snzuliy ood 3Tonday
CALIFORNIA NOSTHWESTEBN RY. CO.
LiESSEB
SAU FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIHC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FHANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK 1>AT«-7:SO. 9:00. 11:^0 a. m.; 11:13.
i J:M. 1:10, 8:30 n. rn. Thuredaj-*— Extta trl»
at 11:23 b. n. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5*
and 11:34 f. w\.
IUSDATS-I:M. S:;3. 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. 1:30k
I »:W. i:i» d. m.
8AN HATAK.Z. TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
"KTSEK DATS-«:10. T:50. »:20. 11:10 a. m.: «:«,
>M*. *:1« ¦ an. flaturilays— Extra trips at
\:IS and «:55 d. m.
Bl'KD»I!-!:H, »:*3. U:10 a. m.: 1:40. t:4t»
»:»J, «;!5 ». m.
Ettwera Vj Franeisco and Schuetzen Park
ran* sffc#dul# as tbov*.
L*ari I In Effect. I Arr»v«»
I Ban Pra»el»eo. [Apr. IS. 1500.1 Saa Francl»co>
W««k j San- I I Sur.- I Wwlt
Days. I <l«ys. [ Degtlnatlon.] days. | Days.
T:S» ami 1:9* a an I Kovnto. 19:40 ami *:*) mnt
S:3t rm *:S<> am| Pctaluma. «:05 pm 110:23 am
t:» >m[ l:M >m; fanta Rosa. T:35 pm| »:20 pm
rulton.
T:S« am Tt'lndsor. 10:3 an»
II »s?d* burr.
Ljrtton.
O*y»»rvillp.
J:3? pm t:C8 am Clovrrdal*. 7:S3 pm (:29pia
f:Mtn! 1 Hoplantl I '10:2". *m
S:39 rm 1:83 am! and Ulciah. I 7:15 pmP«:S) pm
T:S9 an 10:25 am
1:03 am Gutrnevllle. 7:S pm
¦ l:»0»w : 1:20 pm
f :33 am 1:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am t:40 am
5:19 fm »:W pm Gl»n Ellen. «:05 pmf 1:19 pm
T:$3 am! I:M ami |W:40 tm|10:a am
S:!9 pm| S:CO pral S*bastepol. | 7:35 pmi «:20 ptn
Ftac*s -- T»n*rt at frntn Rona for Mark Wmt
Pprinics aaa Whit# Sulphur Sprlnss; at Fulton
f»r Altniria: at Lrtton for Lytton Sprincs; at
CkysTTill* f«r Fkarss Sprlnxs: at Clorerdals
for t»s> 1»y»»r^: Kt Ilapland for Dun^ai
tprla*;s. H!xhl*»i1 Sprlnys. Kelsejnrllle. Carlw-
*«<] ¦prinM. 9o4\ Bay. I^k»port and Bartlett
fprlngj; at t*UI»h for Vichy Sprlpajs, Sarator*
tpr\*gt. Bin* Lak«9. Lanr«l D«ll Lake. Witter
Irrlns*. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter VaMer.
John Day's. RlT»rsld'>. UTley**. BntknelVa,
Panhedrln K'Hriits. Hullrllle. Git's Hot
Pprlnrs, Men4o'ino City. Fort Bracz. West-
rsrt. i*j«I. 'Willlts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
IJfir* fprisfs. Harrla. Olsen's. Dyer. ScoJla,
and Knr»ka.
Saturdar to Monday round trio tickets at
r*4nee<J raten.
O» Suwdiy r<««nd trip tickets to all potat*
b»vc»3 ?n K^fael at half rates.
Ti»ket •ffle^i. cs Market st.. Chronlsl- bldr.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto ferry.
Cemmeaelns; April 22. 1300.
FROM SAX FRAXCI3CO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. •8:30. »:30, U:W a. ta-l
13A5. n:G, 1:13, 4:15, *i:li. C:15. S:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Kor Milt Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •$:<». »9:00. •10:00. 11:00, U:t*
a. m.: 12:45. *l:20. 2:30. *3:4S. 5:00. S:00. 1:2*
p. m. . .
11:00 a. m. doe* not ran to Saa Rafael Su»-
days.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentia.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCOt
WEEK DATS— 5:35. •«:». 7:50. S:40. »10:li a.
m.: 13:*3. 1:15. 2:13. '3:30. 4:30. 5:30 _p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *<:4S and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDATS— C:15. 'S:!*. •J^, •11:00a. m. : »12:04)
wu: 1:C«. 2:18. •3:30. 4:30. 'IHS. t.G. 7:30, 10:34
p. ra.
Trains icarked (•) start from San Qnentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:S3. 8:43. »:00. S:55. 10:iO «.
m.: li-.H. UK. 1:4 J. S:30. 4:S0. 5:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
FCNDATS— «:35. S:0fi. 10:65. 11:10 a. m.: 13:H
1:20. i:S0. 3:45. 4:S5. «:15. 7:03. 10:S0 p. m.
TnROUOH TRAINS.
T:00 a. rn. week (Jays— Tazadero and war sta-
tions.
1:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero anil way sta~
tlona.
1:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays exeepted)—
Feint Reyes and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero aad war «ta>
ttons.
11:48 p. m. Sunday*— Potat Rtyes and way
stations.
SANTA FE ROUTE TRAINS.
FOOT OF MARKET STREET.
: 3 § ?* DESTINATION. ? 3 3
: -5 : * i * i f 3
1 —3. - • • iS.
»:00~p[ 3:00 aJLv San Francisco Ar «:00 p 8:00"*
U:C1 p 12:30 p Ar Stockton Lv J : .K> p 4:44 &
l:l«a ::4»p " Mercetl •' 12:2« p J:49 »
3:03 a 4:25 pi" Fresno " 10:30 a 1:00 a
T:0« it LAS p ** Hanford " 8:31 a 7:33 p.
4:Ma 8:1S p " Vtsalla " s:r. «ll:.'tp
5:10 a «:4ip " Tulare " S:13all:03p
7;C0a J:&5 p " EaJtersfleld '• «;Q0a Jrf» 9
*:l.i p " Kansas City " 10:50 a
... 7:48 a " Chicago " 10:C0 p
Stock"- 1 — . ..!¦.- Stock-
_...... 4:10 p Lv Pan Francisco Ar 11:05 a ........
T-i^niAr Stivktnn I.-rt »-no n
COSPAGNIE GEHKRALE TIANSATLA5TIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <?x'£ri*
Saturday, frcm November !. 1S33. at
10 a. m., from Pier <2. Nerth River, foot ef
Morton street: L'AQUITAINE. Augu«t 3: Lx.
BRETAGNE. August 18: LA LORRAINE. Aug-
ust 23; LA TOURAINE. August 30. First
clam to Havre, $J2 50 and upward. Second class
to Havre. $55 and upward: J per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AOENCT FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. J2 Broad-
way (Hudson Building). New York. J. T
FITGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington ..Aujjust Si Noordlund ...August SS
Ararcnia Vusu«t 10! Frteslaml ...Aurust Z3
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
39 Montgomery Street.
RtD STA^ LINi
»>W Yo'V ar>3 Antvv*--.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Frcm New York Every Wednesday, 19 a. m.
New York.'... Augu«t 8| St. Loul* Augu«t 22
St. Paul August 13> New York <uyust ;»
HTW Y0BK. 80nTaAH?T0:f. LONDON. PAWS.
AMERICAN LINE.
rERSOSALS.
rin?T-CLA?S upholstering done at your house
i y day or job. P. JENSEN. 811 Bush st.
HAl!; quickly ouried or waved by uylr.g Tal-
eotfa curling fluid: 25c bottle; druggists.
S'.IS? ?HELDON. the celebrated mind-reader
ES6 Market st.. parlor 37.
rn. E. C. MERVY has taken new office* at
:.'"; Stockton Ft.
INDIES' end fTT.ts" caFt-c*r clothing bought &
sold. Silvrrman. ??4 Folscm. tel. Folsom 119L
VAKTED- O'.d-faEhipncvl silver, lira^s. copper
ware; curies, all descriptions. IZZ Dupont st.
FUITP to r>rdrr or. easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., Examiner building, room 407.
ALFRi:Di:MS Ejryptlan Hr-nnn restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, oM rHd and silver bought;
ff-nd i<o«tal. COLEMAN'S. SOS Kearay ct.
PHVSICIAJTS AM) Sl'ItUEO.VS.
PR. CRANSTON', the great ~t peclallst, has re-
fus^J practice at 12fl6 Market St., corner
Taylor; offices 25 and "6; take elevator.
T*n. C. C O'DOX.VELL- Office and residence
IWj Market st.. let, glxth and Seventh.
UluAL SS1ATK— tr:V KOR 8AL.B.
NTTW handsome park residence; only 1 left cf
<; contains S rooms, ls well built, up-to-date;
will he eol3 cheap; EI6 Clayton et, south cf
Haleht: Fixth and Taylor Ets. and Masonic
ave. cars nas« the door. J. ETinRLEX,
cwr.T. on prfrr.ises.
HAVE you real estate north pf the Park or at
t\e Missu n that you want to sell, then call
<n %y. J. GVXX. 530 California et. I
MOpnnX houses and flats built at lowest
I>r!rf«; plans and estimates furnished for all
tuildlr.g work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Miyf'.on ft.
NHW cottage; € rooms, bath; lot SOxlOO; IIIf- i
Fi-ri: «¦-»«!>¦ t>nr.> or vacant lot. 413 K»amy ?t.
RKAI. ESTATE COUNTRY — For **!*•
BARGAIN— Fine stock ranch and general farm
rear railroad and this city; lmrrove-
a lovely home: Investigate this. 11.
li. CRANE, r.08 Callfrrnla ft.
FOR r.ENT-2Ti acr» farm, Alameda Co.; cash i
- rent. H. H. CRANE. SOS California ft.
f3 ACnn?- 4 mUe» west or Petaluxna: well Im-
proved; at a bargain; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress box IC?. Lakepert. Cal.
6TOCK and cram ranch for sale; Colusa. Co.;
1140 acres; J10 ;*»r acre; SAO train, rest hill
lan<i. M. F. CHAN'DON. Marytvllle. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
U ra? p ?. in wrapper, lor mailing. II per year.
ui:al kstati; to BZCBAXGB,
ICW. cor. In Berkley. 12 n xl34:6; fine marine
ricw; for a rosifleno* in ?. F. : will pay {2^00
or J^" fl 0 difference. T.. box 3135. Call office.
A rP.IXTnit list. M. OKIFFrN. 713 Mt^rt.
City property and farms exchanged and eold. j
BOOMS FOR llOUSISttJSlSPlSG. j
AT cT^econd^l^phniou^ekeeplnK. Jl 50 to 12 50
rer wk.: ringle and double. (1 to J2 10 per wk.
ESSEX place, 1, off Ewx St.. Rlncon Hill— 3
rooms lor housekeeping; bath; hot and cold i
water. j
FOLSOM. £34— Sunny front bay-window rm. and j
kitchen; bath; everything private; $3 week.
GREEN. 117-Three Funny connecting rooms,
neatly faraicbed: sunny yard; quiet place; J19.
HOWARD, KiCS's— Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; also others.
HOWARD, lOSft— Kfet eunny rooms, single and
housekeeping, with gas: reasonable.
HOWARD, JCCS— noonr.s to let lor housekeeping
complete; rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 1506-2 front connecting rooms; bay-
window; complete housekeeping; gas. private; i
ih^ap. j
HTPK. 4CJ— Sur.ny front alcove suite; complete
for housekeeping ; T29.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, r.r. Post-3 furnished
and 3 unfurnishM rooms. f!2 and 110.
MARKET, HIS— Lartre light room and connect-
ing kitchen; furnished; folding bed; gas.
MARKET. ISt-Coty suite: sun In both
roims. gas ranee. $16: tingle room. $7.
» »ALLISTEP S 1727— For rent. 2 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; grate; runnir.g water;
cfrppts - <l p S' r ed.
BtXBSKKff, 1221. near new Postofflce— Nicely
furnit-hed sur.r.y housek?or>ing rooms; no
<"bikir*>n.
Mia-ION, 1TT3— 3 connecting rooms furnished j
for housekeeping; yard and parden. :
OAK. 117—1 sunny parlors furr.ished fcr house- j
k»»<TinK. $;4: single room. fame. $«; telephone.
O'FAP.RELL. U2— Housekeeping suites; «le-
par.tly furnished; trom $15 to $30; also single
r^orr.s.
KIIA'ER. UK nr*r fourth 1 cheap furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
fcl'NNY rooms, unfurr.ifhed or frrnlfhcd;
houBPkef-pir'.K or oth*rw;te; very reasonable |
rrr Pott st. |
VAN' XE?? ave.. 43— Front sunny rooms for !
housekeeping, ftl a month; »!so large front j
loom fcr 2 persons. $12 ar.d $i; front Van Nefs. !
VAX NtSi?, 402—2 elegantly furnished sunny!
rooms; complete hnusekpg.: gas stove; reas. )
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
received tt Cal! branch of fine. BOO Fillmore st. j
BOOMS TO I.I. I Kara, and t nf urn.
A— BRU2CSWK3C * HOUSB. * MS S- Slxtb— Rooaa
r:c to $1 p»r nlrht, Jl ii to 55 per week, and
liubt housekeeping; open all night.
IJ^HNKTT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur- i
nished rms.. suites, tingle; a.l»o unfurnished, j
BUtSH. "2'>— Nicely furr.. tun^y rooms; $1 31 to $7
»k.; :5c to U IM night. MHS. P. RANFT. !
DEVXSJLDEXtO. lSll'i. near Kills— 3 handsome
fumi*>h«-d sunny rooms lor housekeeping. $12.
ELLIS, SwT—^unny bay-window room for 1 or : j
pentiemen; with or without board; priv. 'am. i
>'i;l.L. 437— To let. 3 furnished sunny front ]
r ¦• -nig. j
FIFTEEN minutes' ride brings you from down-
town to the beautifully furnished "ALMO-
RA." the elite FAMILY HOTEL In the Mis-
sion, eorr.T Z-«.h and Mission sts.
Why ray 'X'-rbltant prices for crowded '
<Jown-town apartment*, when larger, brighter ;
room* *nd b^tt^r services are at your com- j
mand. for less money — Ir;v«-sti|?ate — Take Mis. !
fion st. or Valencia st. car direct: take Fill- j
mor* *t. oar or Ton and Leavenworth cars, j
and transfer to Mission st.
FOLPOM. DCS. rrr. Cth <The Oliver)— New fur-
ni.«hf-d Eunnyrms.. single or suites; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. l.*:3-3 unfurnished roomi I
for housekeeping; lrath and pantry.
GEARY, tOt <The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, suites or eingle; travelers acco'datcd. I
_ , |
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh j
and Mission sts. — Funny rooms, en suite or '
f ingle: ladies' perlor; reading-room; elevator, i
GRANT ave., 7 (rttndale)— New management; ]
funny rooms, en smte or single; transient. I
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD, ¥29— Rooms from II week up to 15:
I5c to SI night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 5S9, cor. 6th— Nicely furnished sunny
roams: reasonable; by day. week or month.
JESFIE, O3 — Nice sunny room for one or two
working girls; reasonable.
MINNA. CH. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
wlr.dow room. M ver week; transient.
MISSION. »?**_' near new postoffice— Nicely fur-
r.iFhefl Fingla room; $3.
O'FARRELL. Ift— Sunny furnished rooms and
office?; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
roWELL, 121— Light, riean rms. ; suites or sin-
Kle; transient: running water; rates reduced, j
PROSPECT place. 123. off California, nr. Pow- j
«•!!— Larsre sunny rm., bath, !C; priv. German, j
IIOSEL'ALE House, 219 and 321 Elils et.— Rooms, j
r.ight 2> to M, wtok $1 25 to U; open night. I
I'.OYAL HOT'SE. 1IB Bills Ft.— incandescent !
lliiht; rea<5inE-room. smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; rooms. |>»r nieht. &C to $1 SO: w<ek. 12
to t*; month. J^ to $29; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hut and cold water; baths.
BOO1T. 1T4. near ifalrht— Two unfurnished
roorr.K to rent; floor carpeted.
FHERMAN AriartnTentTlouser^ Eight"h~7t.T
or unfurnished.
FIXTII. J«nu_c:i«nceiJ hands; nicely fumlched
atainayrraoats; flay, week, mouth.
!TS?£!E a< :i "~To TetT furnished front room;
Jl« per month.
T r"^~'"~' Vlc * 1>r furnished sunny front
T ™VJ l '/ 10 ',^ t u njKh ana J'»ne-Four hand-
S55SSK : t I ri«*r tta T' rt " mn * *ub-crlpt!on.
rr-r.. t^i nt Call l.rar.ch .,f(W. kqq Fillmore st.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
offer to^i'ereTTTcV^UomUlTau
j^-«ctiv«- Interior »nd table. gQ7 California st.
LAS PALMAS. ISM Market .t.-Eulte of 1 or J
rms.; private; bath; tin, rms. ; board optlfinal.
POST. 744— ?ur.ny rooms with flrst-class board-
parlor; jilano; phoae.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES-Chichester's ErTiidish Pennyroyal " Pills
are the bost; safe, reliable; take no other;
eend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies." In letter by return mall: at drus-
gtstE. Chtchester Chemical Co., Philadel., Pa.
BF.ST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
DOP.E. 1SS0 Market St.. above Jones.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. Jl up;
paintirg done. Hartman -»alnt Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Mnntgom-ry ft., rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
6EWIKG MACHINES A.\D SUPJ^UUSS.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 MisMon, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing a t lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
6TORAGB AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 761.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany tS20 Flllmorc st.; phone Jackson 2SL
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 7S2 MisMon St.:
tel. Main 1S40— Packing, moving and storage.
STENOGRAPHY AXD TYPEWRITING.
KEW typewriters. J3 down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California et.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
great~bXrgains in typewriters— we
?ell better machines for ie»s money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Excbanse. £26 California, telephone Main 266.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
1 — ~—~
UKRKELEV REAL. ESTATE.
f7nest~bt5ys in~berkeley!
J2000— 6-room cottage; lot 40xlJ0 feet; S min-
ute?' walk of university; elegant view of bay,
•tr. ; lot improved with choice fruit trees; a
sv.fi'i: terras to *uit. i
' $SiTO — Elegantly situated lot. 75x135: 1 block
; of university; the only one to be had in this
Vicinity.
JLOOO— Xew modern 9-room house; corner lot;
I adjacent to D. C. ; the last one left nf six;
must be seen to be appreciated. Wl'RTS.
1323 Broadway, Oakland.
A SNAP — Almost new; house, 6 rooms, bath,
pantry, hot and cold water, goi-1 windmill
and tank, deep well, nice garde.i. chicken
house, etc.: lot 30xl.*6; 2 blocks frjn ftatlon
and electric cars; price $1000; only J1J0 cash.
balanCJ12 10 monthly: £ton paying rent and
own your home by paying sams ns rent;
take Berkeley train, get oft at Lni<n Etition;
ark for RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON CO.;
office open Sundays.
NEAT cottaije. 5 rooms, bath, pantry, folding
door?, bay-window, wooden mantel, high
ba5»>n:ent, brick foundation, garden, chicken
hr.use. stable, windmill and tank; lot 40x123;
price fir.Oo; only J100 cash, balance $15 month-
ly: this ls foreclosed property and a snap;take
Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station; ask
for RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON CO.;
offlce open Sundays.
IX Berkeley — Two-story modern cottage, seven
larce rooms and bath; double parlors: heavy
nioldSnjr?; 7-ft. basement; brick foundation;
lot 50x125: Ftre^t work complete; price $3250;
monthly payments if desired. Inquire on
premises, 3017 Fulton St.. Ashby Station, or
Heron & Holcomb. 1060 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United Ftates or Canada one year for Jl.
r"ytaee paid.
BtRKKLEV FURNISHED COTTAGES.
FOR rent— A 4-room furnished cottage in
Berkeley, on Stewart «t., east of College ave.
Apply on premises, or J. J. Mason. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
POULTRY ranch, 3 acres; 4 -room house; upper
Frultvale. Owner. 567 East Twenty-third st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAK LAM) REAL ESTATE.
CHICKEN ranch US acres; nearly new 4 large
room cottage, high basement: well; some
Fhade trees: land wire fenced; 400 feet front-
in;,' main road; lays fine; excellent soil: grand
view; away from raw winds and fog; electric
cars pass the door; near a fine school: this is
a rare and cheap property; terms 1500 cash,
balance in payments to suit buyer; price in
all $1250: Rose Tract. Fruitvale. adjoining
East Oakland. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh st.. Oakland; caxriasa free. H. Z.
JONES. Land Owner.
$JW>-PRETTr FAIR FLATS-J3000.
Guaranteed Income of $32 per month: new,
modern building; 2 five-roomed fiats, modern,
complete and nice in every particular: desir-
able location; street work all done; parden,
<>p«-n lawn and stone walks laid; a choice in-
vestnifnt; can be seen at any time; offered for
a. quick cash Fale: immPdiate investigation In-
vited. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway, Oakland.
tllO'> — COTTAGE, B rooms, with lot 25x122; lo-
cation excellent. BELDEN & COOK. Wash-
ington and Fourteenth Bts.
J85O— GOOD cottage, 4 rooms; lot 27:6xM; close
in. BELDEN & COOK, Washington and
Fourteenth sts.
t2K<X>— COPT ?4<*>0; mortgage sale: w» are in-
Etrucsted to sell the following: House. A
rooms, etc.; all modern conveniences; flrFt-
claFs condition; open plumbing; lot 50x120;
driveway, larse barn, choice location and
neighborhood; close to local train, cars,
echools and business center; house cost to
build f30u0; see It; first come, first nerved.
J. E. MYERP,
lf>12 Broadway, Oakland.
$42W — ACTUALLY worth J600O; new, modern
house. 9 rooms, etc.; elegant, "new features;
I'lateglass windows; finest part of Franklin
Ft., near narrow-pauce; must be seen to ap-
preciate qualities and location.
J. B. MYERS.
K*"i2 Broadway, Oakland.
CHOICE INVESTMENT"
Corner that for present income and future
possibilities none can e<jual; .'0x75: thnv-story
brick: income fSOO per month on five-year leas»:
expenses are only taxes and J2S per year on
$19,000 Insurance, with w-ater paid by tenants;
price S55.C0O. A. J. SNTDER & CO..
4S7 Ninth Ft., Oakland, Cal.
HAVE you eeen thope two new houses on Tel-
cpraph ave.. near Thirty-first et? If not call
at our office for keys and further information.
A. 3. fNTDER & CO.,
457 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
AT a sacrifice— Good J-story cottage. 8 rooms
and bath; pretty garden; fruit; barn. 567
East Twenty-third St., bet. 11th and 12th aves.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. :~
OAKLAND FUR.MTURE FOR SALiS.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
IIIVII)i:.M» .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 18 (thlrtr
cents per share) of the Pa&uhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company, will be payable at the offlce
of the company, 327 Market et., on and after
Friday, August 10, 1900. Transfer books
closed on Saturday, Aucust 4, 1900, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary,
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 20, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued cap-
ital slock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 420 Cal-
ifornia et.. San Francisco, on ¦ August 10.
1WX). Transfer books close Aupust 3. 1900, at
nnrn. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
s"aN IfRANCISCO, Cal.. August Z'l900.— Seafed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
until 12 m.. Thursday, Au?ust 18, 1£00, and then
opened, for furnishing 70 artillery horses at
the Presidio, San Francisco. Government re-
serves right to reject or accept any and all
bidVor any part thereof, nids will be con-
sidered for a less number of horses than that
plated. Preference Riven to articles of domes-
tic production, conditions of price and (juallty
(including in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal and such prcf- I
wrno*« given to articles of American produc- I
tlon produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public service
there. Information furnished on application
to J. M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster
General. U. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster.
CONSTRUCTION of sewer— Sanitary District
• No. 1 of Marin County. Cal.. asks for bids for
the construction of a system of sewers In
Ross Valley. Marin County, as per plans and
rpeclflcatlons on file with the secretary.
Illght reserved to reject any and all bids.
Bidders will please call between the hours of
i a. in. and 12 m.. and 2 and 4 p. tn. All bids
will be opened at a meeting of the Sanitary
Board, to be held at the office of the secre-
tary. «n Friday. Aug. 17. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check for S per cent of the amount of the bid.
The successful bidder will be required to fur-
nish a catlsfactory bond for the full amount
of the contract price.
HENRY F. ALLEN, President.
T. B. BERRY. Sec.. 120 Sutter St.. 8. P.
MABRI AGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Zsfflro Milani. 29, 817 Jackson street, and
Leonie La Haille, 23. 217 Arkansas street.
Jean P. Cabanot, 33, Oakland, and Masle Ar-
taxet, 29, South San Francisco.
Alexander S. Less, 23. 1324 Fillmor* street,
and Josephine Davis, 19, 1415 Polk street.
Richard Richardson, 21,- 107 Fifth street, and
Laura Bartlett. 19, 24 Oak Grove avenue.
Edward A. Cate, 32. 717 Central avenue, and
Lulu Myers. 28. 421 McAllister street.
William P. Read. 26. San Diego, and Kath-
ryn Power, 22. Pan Jose.
Joee de A. Pareira. 22, «1 Jackson street, and
Mary A. O'Neill, 22, 61 Jackson street.
Juan R. Farber, 25, Maratlan. Mexico, and
Rosario A. L. Holderness. 19. Mazatlan, Mex.
Leonard C. Edebuann. 22. 711 Ivy avenue, and
Babett* Ungermann, 22, 269 Harriet street.
Angus G. Borps, 42, Redding, and Mao H.
Bacon, 37, Reddlns.
Edward D. Smith. 27. 756 Fourth street, and
Myra Butler. 20. Whittler.
Edward L. Cross. 22. 2423 Mission street, and
Ida Gorham. 19. 113 Geary street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth,- marriage and«tieath notices sent by
i mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published .
S BORN.
MACAULBT— In this city, August 1. 1900. to
the wife of Frank I. Macauley, a son.
PARKISON— In this city, August 6, 1900, to the
wife of Mr. Parklson. a son. ¦¦
______
EMITH-HILL— In this city, August 1, 1900. by
the Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, Wilfred E.
Smith and Daisy I. Hill.
"WHITE— COPSEY— In Elmhurst. August 1.
19C0, at the Presbyterian Church, by the Rev.
K. E. Clark. Walter Herbert White of Elm-
hurst and Delia Copsey of Lower Lake. Cal.
_____
Armstrong, Cora Linehan, Michael
liearwald. Gustav Lynch, John
Bitters, Julius McDermott. Thomaa
Cohen. Maria V. Mayer. David E.
Duncan. Frederick E. Miller. William W.
Gallagher, Bernard Murphy, Charles
Gallagher, Hugh Powers, Frank
Handley. Kate Roberts (infant)
Harman. Francis J. Russell, James
Howland. Capt. Ben- Pchaefer (infant)
Jamln F. Tyrell, Hermina E.
Lecialle. LouUo
ARMSTRONG— In this city. August 8, 1900.
. Cera, beloved wife of Joseph H. Armstrong,
mother of Albert R. Armstrong, and sister of
Mrs. I.ula Edwards of San Jose and Albert
Hammond of Bowlder Creek, a native of
Manlstee, Mich., aged S3 years. (Manlstee,
Mich., and San Jose papers please copy.)
(T~Remalns at the parlors of tho Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
j-treet. Interment at San Jose.
BEARWALD-In this city, August 6. 1900. Gus-
tav Bearwald, beloved husband of Lena
Bearwald. and father of Mrs. William Cohn,
Mrs. Mark Weiner, Mrs. Dave Wolf of Los
Angeles, Cal.. and Jacob. Mark. Leopold,
Abraham>Louis and Tobias Bearwald, a na
tive of Posen, Germany, aged 72 years 2
months and 27 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence. 811 Octavla. street, between Golden
Gate avenue and McAllister street, thence to
Third and Townsend streets, by 11:30 o'clock
train. Members of Pacific Lodge NO. 48, I.
O. B. B.. and Norman Lodge No. 1S41. K. of
H.. are Invited to attend. Interment Salem
Cemetery. Strictly omit flowers.
BITTERS— In Garberville, Humboldt County.
August 1. 1900. Julius Bitters, a native of
Germany, aged 47 years. A member of Branch
No. 22. Glass Bottleblowers* Association of
the United States and Canada.
CTRemalns at funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street, after A p. m.
MEMBERS of Branch No. 22. G. B. B. A. of
the United States and Canada, are hereby no-
tified to attend a special meeting this day
(Tuesday), at 4 o'clock, at 917 Mission street.
By order of the president.
J. TERRILL. Secretary.
COHEN— In this city. August 6. 1900, Maria
Voilla. beloved wife> of the late Morris Cohen,
mother of Daniel, Meader and Richard Cohen,
and sister of Mrs. William Dunphy. a na-
tive of Valparaiso, Chile, aged 67 years 10
months and £4 days. t
DUNCAN— In this city. August 5. 1900. Fred-
erick Edward, beloved Bon of Walter and
Xellle Duncan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 menths and 14 days.
GALLAGHER— A month's mind mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Bernard Gallagher at St. Mary's Cathe-
dral to-morrow (Wednesday), commencing at
7 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are in-
vited to attend. /
GALLAGHER— In this city. August 6. 1900.
Hugh, beloved son of Hugh F. and Mary
Gallagher, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months and 20 days.
HANDLEY— In Los Angeles. Kate Handley.
wife of Martin Ilandley, a native of Ireland,
azed 3S years.
HARMAN— In this city. August 6. 1900. Francis
James, beloved son of Frank E. and Kate
Harman, brother of William, George and Al-
bert Harman, and grandson of Mrs. Cath-
erine Hickey and Mrs. William Harman, a
native of Kan Francisco, aged 2 years 11
months and 14 days.
HOWLAXD— In Oakland. August 5, 1900. at 5:13
p. m.. Captain Benjamin Franklin Howland,
husband of Mary Slauson Howland, and father
of Etta, Frank." Wesley, Edwin, Benjamin,
Charles, Belle and Laura Howland, a native
of New Bedford, Mass., aged 72 years 5
months and 15 days.
tn^Funeral announcement later.
LECIALLK— In Emeryville, August 5. 1900,
Louise Lecialle. a native of Canada, aged 7C
years 7 months and 26 days.
K7Frien<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law. Mr. D. Marceaux, Ninth
street, between Powell and Folsom, thence
to St. Columba's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery.
LINEHAN— In this city. August 3, 1900. Mich-
ael, dearly beloved husband of Johannah
Llnehan, and father of Nonle, Jerry, Josle
and Dinnie Linehan, Mrs. M. T. Dennaa and
Mrs. J. F. Williamson, a native of theyarish
of Iniecarra, County Cork, . Ireland, aged C2
years.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect--
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at l:30vp'clock. from his late resi-
dence, 3?H Louisa street, thence to St. Pat
rick's Church for services, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
LYNCH— In this City. August 6, 1900. Jphu.
Lync'.i, dearly beloved husband of* "Ellen
Lynch, and father of Mrs. A. Soto, Charles
Lynch and the late Michael and Daniel
Lynch, a native of Ireland.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 45 Sycamore avenue, between Sev-
enteenth and Eighteenth. Mission and Valen-
cia streets, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McDERMOTT— In this city, August 6, 1900,
Thomas, beloved husband of Margaret Mc-
Dermott, father of Mamie, Martle and Cella
McDermott, and brother of Martin McDer-
mrtt. a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
t£7 Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1044 Filbert street, thence, to St.
Brlgid's Church, where services will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MAYER— In New York, August B, 1900, David
E. Mayer, beloved brother of M. E. Mayer,
born In Cologne, on the Rhein. Germany.
MILLER— At cea. July 30, 1900, William Walter
Miller, beloved son of Mrs. C. Miller, a na-
tive of New York, aged 39 years 10 months and
29 days.
E7"Ftiend9 and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, August 7. 1900, Charles
Murphy, beloved infant son of Martin and
Winifred Murphy, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
POWERS— In this city, August 6, 1900, Frank,
beloved son of Mary and the late Thomas
Powers, and brother of Mamie. Katie, Jo-
sephine, Gerty. Lawrence. Thomas. Maurice
and Andrew Powers, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years and 6 months.
(CT-Frienfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2764 Greenwich street, corner of Baker.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Euceescora to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND ,EMBALMERS.
30 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 28 Fitth st. Tel, South 167.
ICNEBAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CLOSING CEMETERIES.
v ¦ . ¦ . ¦ , .
On March 30th of this year the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco passed Or-
dinance No. 25, prohibiting: the burial of
the dead within the city and county. This
law goes- Into effect ..August 1. 1901. His-
tory shows that all larpe cities have found
it necessary to close their cemeteries, and
Immediately the relatives and 'friends be-
gin to remove their loved ones to cemeter-
ies less liable to be disturbed by . the
growth of the city. For full particulars
and expenses in disinterring, and transfer-
ring bodies apply to Charles H. Jacob &
Co., funeral directors and embalmers, 318
Mason street. .Telephone Main 5213/
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
r. Steamers leave Broadway
fck wharf, San Francisco:
wj^tw. For Aln.«kan rort*— 11 a.
l^*2ftv m ' Aucust 4. J. U, 19. :«.
m£*C5*tS^ ;3t Pr - t - 2 - Chans* to mm-
t^XLprjflv*?! rany's steamers at Seattle.
c^S»5BaS i-Si F° r Victoria. Vancouver
1-ffiftSrrfffili ' B °- IVrt Town«er.d. '"
r^BraMn attle. Taccma. Kverett. Ar<-
cortes and New Whatcora
(Wash.) — 11 a. m.. Auzust 4.
9. 14. 19. 24, 29. Sept. 3. and every nfth day
thereafter. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y; at
•Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. IVy; at Vancouver
to C. P. R'y.
For Kureka. ITumboIdt Bay— 2 p. m.. AuiTU't
1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. Sept. 5. and ev-ry hfth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Tayu-
«>s. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlct*.
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro fLos Angelesl an.1 Newport— J
a. m., August 3. 7, 11. IS, 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dlesro, ftopplnjj enly at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anicelejo — 11 "\.
m.. August 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. Sept. 2.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalli
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. Tth of each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to ehans*
Fteamers. pallln? dates and hours of silling
without previous notice.
TICKKT «»*-'VM'K— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS tt CO., Gen. Atjents.
10 Market St.. San FranrUro.
THE 0. R. & n, CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-atreet Wharf at 11 A. M.
CADE S12 first Class Including 8?.".i
iflnC $3 Second Clas-* or.J A'.sal*
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sail.«
August 11. 21. SI
COLUMBIA sal!* August 6. 1«. 26. Sept. 5
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to sll points East.
E. C. WARD. General Acent.
839 Markst st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent?".
KIMBALl STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dispatch for
NOME,
Port Clarence, Safety Harbor. Cape York,
Golofnin Bay and St. Michaels
The Elegant. Commodious. Fast Al Pa§senj«r
Steamship.
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twenty-five hundred tans" displacement.
Sails THURSDAY, Au?. 9, 10 a. m.,
VIA SEATTLE.
For Fajsenirer and Freleht Rates Apply t«
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
220 Market St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 ». m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, esllinff nt
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connectlnc at Hcngkons with »tram»rs for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August 2«. 1)9#
SS. NIPPON MARU
Saturday. ?«ptemb»r 22. 1!»*«
SS. AMERICA MARU. .Wednesday. Oct. IT. »•?
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip ticket? at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street. corn»r nf First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
thence to Presidio Chapel for services at 2:30
o'clock. Interment National Cemetery. Pre-
sidio.
ROBERTS— In this citj\ infant daughter of J.
C and Sarah R. Roberts, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 day. ¦ • .
RUSSELL^-In the City and County Hospital.
August 6, 1?00, James Russell, a native of
Ireland, ased 65 years.
SCHAEFER— In this city. August 6, 1900, Infant
daughter of Peter and Eda Schaefer. a na-
tive of San Francisco.
TYRELL—In 'this -city,? August 5, 1900. Her-
mina Elizabeth Tyrell. beloved Infant child
of Lewis and Emilie Tyrell. and grandchild
of Mrs. Elizabeth Boiler, a native of San
Francisco, aired 7 months and 26 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the grandmother, 2559 Greenwich street.
Interment Odd Fellows' • Cemetery.PRISONER, HIS WIFE AND
OXE OF THE WITNESSES.
Prostrated by the Heat.
CHICAGO, Aug. 6. — Nine- persons died
and a score were orost ra t ed as a result
Tot the Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established Jn the Oak
land Ferry Depot (on the ground floor in
the center of the building), where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving In the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up ycur checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery, 40S Taylor st. and
Gil Market St. •
¦ SAN JOSE, Aug. 6.— James Hart, capl-^,
talist and old resident; was stricken wlttf
apoplexy i his evening and died In a few
hours. .'He was unmarried, 61 years of age
and a native of Ireland.
Death of James Hart.
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.— Countees Posewa
dowski. wife of the Italian Consul in Chi
cago, to-day asked that special police
protection be given her husband, express
ing fear that the anarchists might injure
the Count owing to his connection with
the Italian Government. - S
It is said that the Count has received
several threatening letters recently. The
Italian Consul is said to be connected with
the royal family of Italy and for that rea
son is believed to be a special object of
hatred of the anarchists
Chief Klpley stated that he would re
ceive ample protection.
FEARS FOR THE LIFE
OF POSEWADOWSKI
Of course the collector protested, but
the Jud«e was obdurate and said that
wlion the bill goes before th«» State Board
of Examiners it will be with the deduc
tion, as ho would not approve it In any
other form. Since then the telephone
service at the Supreme Court has been
l*>rfect.
Saturday the collector arrived with a
hiH of $7Itf. and he was shown into the
Jufticr's chambers. Justice Beatty quiet
ly took the memorandum of obligation
and undrr the last line wrote:
,"Dodurtr*i for wretched and un«atisfac
tory service. $3 7j."
The telephone company and Chief Jus
tice Beatty of the Supreme Court had the
gloves on the other day and the corpora
tion came out second best. Telephone
service at the Supreme Court has been
vsexy poor for a. Ion*? time and even- one in
the office registered a kick with "COO "hi t
to no purpose. A few days ago the 'Chief
Justice was in a hurry for a number and
fcr nearly haif an hour his Honor fretted
until the "hello girl" awok* to a reaiiza
tion that there was something doing
t*aJrk Sa&rSST PaSSWl ° Ut he ' Eald
•'When the telephone company's col
lector comes with his July bill send him
to me. •
JUSTICE BEATTY
KNOCKS OUT THE
"HELLO" BILL
of the heat her© to-day. The mercury
reached 93 degrees in the Government of
fice this afternoon. The wind was stlflinjr.
The weather office says the hot weather
will continue "indefinitely."
No notice of the adoption of the mill
pwners resolution had reached the Build-
Ing Trades Council up to a late hour last
night. The council will meet Thursday
nlght, when the matter may be discussed.
day, he did not believe that Monday would
see a strike inaugurated.
W. M. Page, who as secretary of the
Building Trades Council sent out the re
quest to the mill-owners last April, was
seen last night at a meeting of the Polish
ers' and Varnlshera' Union. He held the
same general opinion entertained by
President McCarthy. More than that he
was Inclined to believe the resolution of
the mill-owners waa in the nature of a
bluff.
I,. Bcoth, a friend, waa attending her.
Mrs. Booth left the room to prepare
lunch, and when she returned she found
Mrs. Armstrong in convulsions with the
empty vial on a chair by the bedside.
Dr. Selfkes was hastily called, but when
he arrived Mrs. Armstrong was dead. An
inquest will be held.
Mrs. Cora G. Armstrong, wife of Joseph
H. Armstrong, a plumber, residing at 3065
Twenty-fourth street, committed suicide
TAKES CARBOLIC ACID
WITH FATAL RESULT
shortly after noon yesterday by swallow
ing the contents of a three-ounce vial of
carbolic acid.
Mrs. Armstrong had been sick for a long
time wltn nervous prostration and had
often threatened to do away with her
self.
At the time she took the poison Mrs.
President P. H. McCarthy of the Build-
Ing Trades Council, explained last evening
why Tie and others thought the mill
owners would grant the request : of th*
council, notwithstanding' the resolution
adopted. He eald \ that the mill-owners
were notified, long ago: - They had not
been taken by surprise.- They-had time to
adjust - matters • so that : they would not
meet with any loss. Moreover the change
asked for 'by the members * of the Mill
men's Union would not "affect the mill
owners. The difference in- cost would be
paid by the owners of • buildings ; to be
erected in the/future. It had been ex
pressly stipulated by the Building Trades
Council that -the change 1 should; not be
applied to any contract *not completed on
August 13. Taking these facts into consid
eration : and also considering that all the
other bulldinff trades have an eleht-hour
¦William Crocker, San Francisco; Commercial
Planing; Mill, Ban Francisco; Andrew Wllkie.
San Francisco; .California Planing Mill, San
Francisco; M. Hansen & Co.. San Francisco;
Bolander, Perkins & Co.. San Francisco: E. J.
Hassfurther, San Francisco; Robert P. Dewey,
San Francisco; Union- Lumber Company, San
Francisco; Central Lumber Company, San
Francisco; E. C. Pitcher.San Francisco; Albert
Hansen, San Francisco; James Young, San
Francisco; F. H. Gler, San Francisco; R. Her
rlnff, San Francisco; £>. E. Emanuel, San Fran
cisco;- Fulda Bros., San Francisco: Townley
Bros., San Francisco: L. H. Birth, San Fran
cisco; Davis & Laughland, San Francisco; C.
Relchllng, San Francisco; Frank Huber. San
Francisco; W. J. Little & Co., San Francisco;
C. W. Burgess, San Francisco; W. J. Ross,
San Francisco; Excelsior Redwood Company,
San Francisco and Oakland; Kendall & Co.,
8an Francisco and Oakland; Nelhaus & Co.,
San Francisco and Oakland; Towle & Broad
well. Oakland; Ingler & Atkinson Mill Com
pany, Oakland: Burnham, Standeford Company
Oakland; Washington-street Planing- Mill, Oak
land; Charles Jenkins, Oakland; Zenith Mill,
Oakland; Bay City Mills. Oakland; McCully &
Brldseman, Oakland: Standard Mill, 'Oakland;
Humboldt Lumber Company, Oakland; Califor
nia Door Company, Oakland: Cayvan 4 Day,
Berkeley; ..G. ;C. Pape, .Berkeley; Haywards
Planing Mill, Haywards; Santa Clara V. M.
It. Company, San Jose; Glenwood Lumber Com
pany, Kan Jose; Hubbard & Carmlchael Bros.,
San Joee: S. H. Chase Lumber Company, San
Jose; .Pacific Manufacturing Company, Santa
Clara. V ¦ : ,., ¦ ¦.¦• / t. •-¦'.¦
The members of the Building Trades
Council say that they do not think there
will be any strike, for they believe that
most of the .mill-owners are willing to
grant their request. The mill-owners
whose names are appended to the resolu
tion before mentioned are:
The owners of mills have adopted a
resolution to run on and after August 13
and until further notice on the same
schedule of. hours as heretofore. Em
ployes and employers are therefore look
ing forward to next Monday with interest.
Next Monday is the day set by w the
Building Trades Council to put in force an
eight-hour day, without reduction of pay,
for the members of the Millmen's Union.
The Building Trades Council's programme
is opposed by many mill-owners and
manufacturers of wooden articles doing
business around the bay.
Acute Stage.
No Strike May- Follow, but
Is at
EIGHT-HOUR DAY
FOR MILLMEN IS
MADE AN ISSUE
moneys amounting to £983, which he was
accused of embezzling.
In 1SS8, he said, he was a solicitor In
London and became connected* with the
firm of Silsbee, Arnold & Co., which
afterward became bankrupt. In 1895 the
sum of £953 was Invested by him in India
3 per cents in conformity with the pro
visions of the will of the testator, W. H.
Swain, a part of the interest to be paid
scml-annually to the widow and the re
mainder to be allowed to accumulate for
the benefit of the sons.
Mr. Arnold went on to state that in the
year mentioned by the request of W. M.
Swain, one of the beneficiaries of the
trust, he sold the India bonds and rein
vested the proceeds, £9S3. in the Plere
mont Park estate, a property which was
being handled by his firm, and the inter
est. 4U per cent, was regularly paid by
Arnold's firm to the widow from 1S95 until
December, 1899, when the firm collapsed
by reason of the decline In English secur
ities caused by the Boer war. The
amount stood on the ledger of the firm
credited to the Swain trust fund, which
would participate in the distribution of
] the firm's assets of $100,000. He. Arnold,
: was not personally involved in the mat
ter, it being a part of the business of the
: firm.
Several depositions from English cred
itors were read by the counsel for the
British Consul, and United States Secret
Service Agent Hazen testified that Arnold
Captain Seymour and his men are
Bearchir-g for a room thief who has been
operating with considerable success. He
Is well drowsed and speaks with a slightly
foreign accent.
After robbing a number of rooms south
of Market street and getting away with
conslderaMe booty the bold thief yester
day transferred his operations to North
Beach. His latest victim is J. P. Wil
liams, who lives In a lodging-house k*>pt
by a Mrs. Olsen at 1439A Pacific street.
While trying to open the door of Wil
liams' room with a skeleton key the thief
•was discovered by Mrs. Olsen. who asked
him what he wanted. In a pleasant man
ner he announced that he was a friend
of the occupant of the room and was
anxious to see him on important business.
Mrs. Olsen told the burglar that Wil
liams would not return before evening and
asked him to leave his card. The thief
after apologizing for not having his rarJ
•with him requested her to get him a sheet
of writing paper and a pen and ink. as he
was anxious to leave a note for Williams
asking him to call at his office.
While the unsuspecting woman went to
her private apartments to get the paper
the clever rascal opened the door of Wil
liam's room and stole a valuable gold
watch and some other articles of minor
value. When the landlady returned he
was standing In the doorway of the room
¦whistling: a popular air. At his request
Mrs. Olsen took him to her private apart
ments, where he scribbled a note to Wil
liams, asking him to meet him the follow
ing day at his office as he had some valu
able information to impart to him, and
apologizing for taking his watch Ha
signed the name of Fred Riley to the
note, but failed to give the location of his
alleged office. It was not until Williams'
return to his room several hours later
that the burglary was discovered
Last night Mrs. Olsen and Williams
visited police headquarters and gave Can
tain Seymour a description of the thief.
The lady thinks she will be able to
Identify the burglar in case he is arrested
From the description given of the bold
crook by Mrs Olsen the detectives an
satisfied that he is the man who has been
robbing lodging-houses south of Market
Valuable Gold
Watch.
Enters a Lodging-House at North
Beach and Gets Away With a
Bold Operations of Thief for
Whom Detectives Are
Looking.
LEFT NOTE FOR
HIS VICTIM AFTER
ROBBING ROOM
This testimony was to support the con
tention of the defense that Arnold was
not a fugitive from justice. He then pro
ceeded to tell the story of the Swain trust
"None at all," was the prompt reply. "I
g-ave every cent of my money and all my
property to my creditors before I left
London, and filed a petition in bank
ruptcy. At the time of my departure there
was no charge pending against me and
nothing in the nature of a charge was
threatened."
"How much money did you take with
you from England when you left?" asked
Mr. Schlesinger.
The most interested person in the
courtroom outside of Mr. Arnold was his
wife. Sh<» sat bf-hlr.rt him ond ili'l iv' -c
low a word of the proceedings to escape
her.
Messrs. Cormac and Donohoe, of coun
sel for the English creditors, did all they
could in the way of objecting to the ad
mission of Mr. Arnold's testimony. They
argued that in an extradition case, such
as this, it was improper to allow the ac
cused to make a defense, the sole object
of . the examination being to determine
whether or not there was probable cause
for extradition. After a strong argu
ment by Bert Schlesinger, counsel for
Arnold. Judge Heacock decided to hear
the testimony of the accused in explana
tion of the manner in which the Swain
trust fund became lost.
JULIAN' TREGENXA BIDDULPH
ARNOLD, the accused son of Sir
Edwin Arnold, took the oath be
fore United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock yesterday and explained
how the Swain trust fund came to be lost
In the general smash-up of the investment
firm with which he had been connected
in London. His bearing was that of the
son of an illustrious sire, and the manner
in which he told of his connection with
the Swain trust bore the impress of truth.
The railroad people on both sides of the
street do not like the situation as the
problem presented is an awkward one to
eolve.
The Jobbers of San Francisco are to be
heard from on the subject of changing
frpijrht rates to the advantage of their
competitors', and if it becomes necessary
for them to speak they will do so in no
uncertain tones.
The Los Angeles men ¦were accompanied
by Edward Chambers, general freight
agent of the Santa Fe at Los Angeles,
who. with the other railroad men, listened
to the arguments of the Angelenos with
out entering into a discussion of the im
portant subject. In fact there was no
anxiety to consider the matter at the
present time with an intention to render a
decisive opinion. The whole proposition
If still open and it le highly probable that
Ihe s-entlemen frcm Los Angeles mill find
it necessary to repeat their plea, before a
decision Is reached.
The pentlemen came to this city for the
purpose of getting the railroad companies
to place the I»s Angeles jobbers on the
Bring Une in fighting for the business of
the low< r San Joaquin Valley. Their com
plaint Is that the two railroad companies
in adjusting their freight tariffs regulate
them in favor of the Jobl>ers of the me
tropolis. A pro rata mileage rate is what
the committee wants. The members In
eist that the business of the section in
¦which they are bo much Interested nat
urally belongs to them and they assert
that it Is the province of the railroad
company to Bee that they get it.
Several representative business men of
Los Angales have presented a problem to
Freipht Traffic Manager Sproule of the
Southern Pacific Company and Assistant
Traffic Manager W. A, Blssell of the
Santa Fe that possesses interesting feat
ures. The committee from the city of
orajipes includes Thomas Newmark, F.
W. Braun, J. O. Koeffle and IV. C. Rey
nolds.
Freight Traffic Managers of Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe Listen to
Earnest Arguments on the
Subject
Ask for Competitive Rates to
Southern San Joaquin
Points.
JOBBERS OF LOS
ANGELES AFTER
NORTHERN TRADE
"It s ls hardly necessary at this time,"
continued Judge Dunne, "fox me to go
into a detailed statement of the facts of
this case. Your conduct, even had you
been a layman, was most reprehensible,
but as you are an officer of this court I
can hardly find words to characterize your
conduct. The Judgment of this court is
that you be fined $500 and be confined in
the County Jail for a period of five days."
Rogers and counsel immediately busied
themselves preparing a petition for a writ
of habeas corpus. He was finally led
away to Jail by the Sheriff, and Barclay
Henley went before the Supreme Court
and filed the petition. Late in the after
noon the higher tribunal issued a writ of
habeas corpus In the case of Rogers and
made the same returnable before that
body at 2 p. m. to-day, at which time the
legality of the prisoner's commitment to
Jail will be determined. >¦:»: •
"After having been instructed to answer
questions r before the Grand Jury, as set
forth in the affidavit filed herein by the
District Attorney," said Judge Dunne,
"and having been instructed to answer
these questions by this court, it appears
that you have refused to obey the order.
I therefore adjudge you guilty of con
tempt of this court. Have you any legal
ground why Judgment should not be
passed by this court?" "
"None but the five contained in my affi
davit which I have presented to the
court," responded Rogers.
Judge Dunne sustained the objection to
Rogers' affidavit and again commanded
Rogers to stand up.
"Under these circumstances," said Deu
prey, "I submit that it is for your Honor
to pass sentence."
When the proceedings In contempt
against Rogers were called by . Judge
Dunne, Barclay Henley, who represented
the accused, announced the latter's pres
ence. Assistant District Attorney Deu
prey presented an affidavit signed by W.
T. Kibbler, in which the deponent testified
that James Taylor Rogers had again re
fused to answer questions propounded by
the Grand Jury and relevant to an Issue
before that body.
"I inform your Honor, as does this affi
davit," said Mr. Deuprey, "that James
Taylor Rogers Is guilty of a willful viola
tion of the order of this court made on
July 25 last. He is present in court and I
ask that he be dealt with accordingly."
"James Taylor Rogers, stand up, com
manded Judge Dunne.
"If your Honor please I have an affi
davit signed by this respondent," inter
rupted Henley, "in which are set forth the
grounds upon which he refused to answer
these questions."
Mr. Deuprey examined the affidavit and
announced that therein Rogers made no
denial of the fact that he had refused to
testify. On that ground the affidavit waa
objected to.
Once again James . Taylor Rogers, the
one remaining unlndlcted principal in the
conspiracy to rob the unprotected estates
of the Intestate dead, has been committed
to Jail. Again, and under oath, he assert
ed In open court yesterday that to tell all
he knew of the theft of the estate of the
late Joseph Sullivan would be to lay him
self, liable to prosecution for a felony, to
degrade him before his associates and to
assure his disbarment. His plea availed
him naught and | the court pronounced
Judgment upon him. Five days in the
County Jail and $500 fine was the sentence
passed.
When Judgment was pronounced upon
him, Rogers rose from his seat, raised his
hand as though to protest and then again
dropped Into his seat, chuckling and rais
ing hla shoulders to the muajc of his own
voice. It was apparently sC nervous ef
fort to impress the public with his cheer
fulness, but the mask fell when he left
the cpurt— a prisoner of the Sheriff.
Fearing Incrimination He Refuses to
Answer Questions — Supreme
Court Issues Writ of
Habeas Corpus.
Adjudged Guilty of Contempt
of Court by Superior
Judge Dunne.
JAMES TAYLOR
ROGERS AGAIN
GOES TO JAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 7, 1900.
Son of Sir Edwin Denies That He Is a Fugitive From
Justice or That He Was Guilty of Embezzling
the Swain Trust Fund, as Alleged.
lodged at the Occidental Hotel In thla city
under the name of Richard Holmes.
•The case will be argued at 10 o'clock
this morning. ..- v
14
ARNOLD TELLS HIS STORY
BEFORE JUDGE HEACOCK
Exclusively for preserving, purif ylng, and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of
crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whltenln g, and
healing red, rough, and sore hands, In the form of baths for annoying Irritations, Inflam-
mations, and chafings, or too free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for
ulceratlvo weaknesses, and for many sanative antiseptic purposes which readily suggest
themselves to women, and especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bathv
and nursery. No amount of persuasion can Induce those who have once used It to use any
other, especially for preserving and purifying the skin, scalp, and hair of Infante and
children. Cuticu&a Soap combines delicate emollient properties derived from Ctrn-
CUBA^e great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing Ingredients and the most refreaN
ing of flower «>dors. No other medlcatel or toilet soap ever compounded is to be compared
with It for preserving, purifying, ana beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. J<>
Other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expensive, is to be compared with it for all
(he purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus It combines In One Soap at Oxs
Pbick, viz JTwemti-fttb Cents, the best akin and complexion aoap, and ta« best toilet
•nd SS8T babr soap la the world. ,¦
Millions of Women Use Cuticura Soap
Consists of Cuticura Soap (25c.), to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales and softea
the thickened cuticle, Cuticura Ointment (50c.), to instantly allay itching, irritation,
and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and Cuticura Resolvent (50c.), to cool and
cleanse the blood. A Single Set is often sufficient to core the most torturing, dis-
figuring skin, scalp, and blood humors, rashes, and irritations, with loss of hair, whea
physicians, hospitals, and all else fail. Sold throughout the world. Fottkb DrucJ
and Chem. Corp., Sole Props., Boston. " How to Cure Itching Humors," free.
Complete Treatment $1.25,'
The itching and burning I suffered In my feet and limbs for three yean
¦were terrible. At night they were worse and would keep me awake a
greater part oi the night. I consulted doctor after doctor, as I was travel-
ling on the road most of my time, al3o one of our city doctors. None of tho
doctors knew what the trouble was. I got a lot of the different samples of
the medicines I had been using. I found them of so many different kinds
that I concluded I would have to go to a Cincinnati hospital before I would
get relief. I had frequently been urged to try CUTICUBA REMEDIES,
but I had no faith in them. My wife finally prevailed upon me to try them.
Presto ! What a change I I am now cured, and it is a permanent cure. I
feel like kicking some doctor or myself for suffering three years when I
could have used CUTICURA remedies. H. JENKINS, Middleboro, Ky.
Instantly Relieved
and Speedily Cured by,
Itching Burning Scaly
Blotchy] Humors
t , - 1
•OVAL BAKING POWDER CO.. 100 WILLIAM ST.. NEW YORK.
Bank Stock paper Is made from pure stock
MyBell-RollIns, 22 Clay, makers. ?
There are imitation baking powders, sold cheap, by
many grocers. They are made from alum, a poison-
ous drug, which renders the food injurious to health.
When that tired feeling comes alonr. side-
track It with Jesse' Moore "AA"- the beat
whiskey In the land. - : . ¦•;
We Are Selling
China
Crockery
Glassware
Silver Plated Ware
Agateware
Jardinieres, Lamps
Kitchen Ware
at
Away Down Prices
COME J1T8T TO SEC
Good Time and Pl»ce to Bay
Grat Aierieaii IdgiHh Tea Ct ¦
MONEY-SAVING STOKES.
no-212 Grant Ave. <Bet. Butter and Poat>.
S«l Market St. topp. Powell).
140 Stxth St.
«5 A Hay» St. 213 Third St.
1«9 Polk St. 5« Montgomery At*
2318 Mission St. 703 Larkln St.
3C0S Sixteenth St. 1819 D^visadero St.
k- ";c Ninth St. 475 Haleht St
2«W Flllinore St 32S3 Mission St.
£2 Market St. 573* 2 4tn St
OAKLAND STORES.
lOf.3 Washington St. 618 E. 12th St. 1
1237 Broadway n85 234 Ave _ k
15X0 Seventh St. 1335 p ar k St.. AIa«uM
B St.. near 4th. San Rafael. "
Prices lower than ever.
No other aid so great to the housewife, no other
agent so useful and certain in making delicious,
pure and wholesome foods, has ever been devised.
ADVERTISEMENTS.