Italian Nation Bereft by
the Assassin's Bullet
of One Who Planned
to Benefit the Masses.
Special Dispatch to The Call. I
ROME, July 23.-KIng Humbert's |
death leaves this country bereft !
of one man to whom many Ital
ians looked for national salvation.
"Vogllamo Re Umberto Assa- !
lute" -was an expression not infrequently j
heard In the country, arising out of gen- I
and Signor Giuseppe Saracco was en
trusted with the task of forming a new
Cabinet
Upon opening Parlii—.r.-i. en Ji'ie 13
last. King Humbert expi^ln^; ih^, rsasons
for the appeal made to tha electors, and
said he had confidence that the wisJor-i
and patriotism of tha n»w Parliament
would furnish him -x\V? th*
MONZA, Italy, July 30. — King Humbert has been assassinated. He was shot here last evening by a man named Angelo Bressi and died in
a few minutes.
The King had been attending a distribution of prizes in connection with a gymnastic competition. He had just entered his carriage
with his aid-de-camp, amid the cheers of the crowd, when he was struck by three bullets fired from a revolver in quick succession. One
pierced the heart of his Majesty, who fell back and expired in a few minutes. The murder took place shortly after 10 o'clock.
The assassin was immediately arrested and was with some difficulty saved from the fury of the populace. He gave his name as
Angelo Bressi, describing himself as of Prato, in Tuscany,
Premier Saracco Summons
a Cabinet Meeting and
Starts at Once for the
Scene of Assassination.
ROME. July SO, 5 a. m.— The news of
the assassination of King Humbert
did not arrive here until after mid
night. Slgnor S. Saracco. the Pre
mier, immediately summoned a
meeting cf the Cabinet and the Ministers
will start at the earliest possible moment
pared. with 40 returned on the former
election), yet they are. at heart loyal to
the King, and his assissination will raise
in them as bitter a feeling against the
anarchists, who are no doubt responsible
for this, as that felt by the Royalist
party. The Prime Minister. Senator Sar
acco, is an ardent Royalist, and he has
Bullet From an Anarchist's Revolver Pierces Humbert's Heart
and He Expires Almost Instantly.
KING OF ITALY SHOT
DEAD BY AN ASSASSIN
SAN FRANCISCO, -MONDAY, JULY 30. 1900-
The young King whom the tragic death of hla father, places on the throne of Italy comes on both sides from the an
cient house of Savoy, one of the oldest cf the reigning" houses of Europe; his'father "and his mother having' been first
cousins and grandchildren on the male side of Charles Albert, King of Sardinia. The house is descended from Humbert,"
the whitehanded Count of Savoy, who died in 1(MS.
In 1416 Amadeus VIII, who'became Count of Savoy in 1331. took the title of Duke of Savoy and Prince of Piedmont. He
abdicated in 1434 and was elected Pope in 143?. and reigned as Felix Vo (1440-49)/ In 1720 Victor Amadeus II, Duke of Savoy,
by treaty with Austria exchanged Sicily;whleh he had acquired! from Spain in 1713, for Sardinia, with the title of King,
which title, with the lesser ones, : has since remained with the house. , jx,; : . ¦.¦'.:¦.:
Victor Emmanuel II of Sardinia, the grandfather of the new King, succeeded to the ; throne by i the abdication of his
father, Charles Albert, on. the evening of the disastrous battle,of Novara, March 23, 1S49. He-took part with France and
Great Britain in the Crimean war, and with, France against Austria In 1833, In which year he annexed Lombardy and the
following year Tuscany. Parma. ; liodena. Romagna and the kingdom of Naples. . In the same year he ceded Savoy and
Nice to France, and In 1861 assumed the title of •'King of Italy." .. ' ~ ". - ' .; •
VICE-CONSUL FEDELI
GREATLY SHOCKED
KANSAS CITY. July 20.-Jerome Fedeli,
Italian Vice-Consul in Kansas City, was
greatly shocked when he learned of tho
assassination of King Humbert of Italy.
"King Humbert was greatly beloved by
his people." said Mr. Fedeli. "and I can
not conceive why any one but a crank
or anarchist should wish to take his life.
He was pood and kind and charitable. . I
knew him well. He will be succeeded. In
all probability, by his eldest son, the
Prince of Naples, who Is a young maa not
yet thirty years of age."
THE HOUSE OF SAVOY.
Continued on Third Page.
Baron de Fava, the Italian Embassador,
was at Seabrlght, J». J. He was very
much distressed at receiving the news, buc
raid that he could not give out any state
ment until he had been officially notified
by bis Government.
NEW YORK. July ».— Owing to the
lateness of the hour at which, the news of
the assassination of King Humberf " was
received in this city It was Impossible to
see either Consul Genera! Branch! or Vice
Consuls Albertl and Burdese.
Hopeful word? were th* >< »<\ but In view
of the character of the opposition and th«
strength of the Republican and Socialist
elements, observers of Italian politics ex
pressed little confidence in the hopes find
ing fruition. It has been argued that a
remodeling of the constitution by the con
stituent assembly Is a necessity of tho
situation. The fact that the constituent
assembly -would be a new feature might
bring some 70 per .it of the electors to
the polls, instead of the Inadequate per
centage which now 'records Its vote for
deputies.
BARON DE FAVA WILL
MAKE NO STATEMENT
The new Parliament, the King added,
intended to devote It3 attention to a bet
terment of the condition of the working
classes: to the protection of manufactur
ers, agriculturalists and immigrants; to
the reduction of the tributary taxes within
the limits agreed upon by the bud?et: to
education, and to legal and. administra
tive reforms.
means for fulfilling his important duties.
Italy, he pointed out, owed the great
progress she had made during the second
half of the century to her free institu
tions, but it was necessary to do much
more before she attained the high posi
tion she. ought to hold among the most
civilized nation?.
June 3 was the date fixed for the general
election, which resulted In the return, of
the ministerial majority. At the same
time, however, the Socialist and Republi
can group, far from being crushed, was
Increased from sixty deputies to ninety.
General Pollbeux resigned shortly after the
results of the elections became known.
General Pelloeux,' the Premier, hesitated
to apply the regulations for which he had
made such a hard fight, and again pro
rogued the Chamber. Dissolution was the
inevitable consequence, and King Hum
bert Issued a.decree dissolving the twen
tieth Italian Legislature on May 13.
On May 15 the Chamber reassembled,
and a scene which baffled description was
the Immediate outcome. At the objection
able word "regulations" the extreme Left
arose In a body, some sixty-nine of them,
and under the leadership of Signor Pram
polinl sang with all their might such
songs as "Garibaldi's Hymn." "Carmag
nole" and "Marseillaise." at the same
time using their desks as big drums and
their fists as drumsticks. Nay. more than
that, secure In their parliamentary Immu
nity, they also sang the Socialist "Inne
Dei Lavoratori." a song forbidden by law.
At the beginning of April, as the result
of an obstruction that puts the tactics of
the Irish members in the House of Com
mons in the shade, the Italian. Govern
ment prorogued the Chamber of Deputies,
after first securing the passage of regula
tions which would enable the president to
enforce order by the simple expedient of
calling the military force Into play.
eral disgust with the barren discussions
of the frequently wrangling Parliament.
It was only last month that something
like order was evolved out of what may
be described as political chaos.
King Humbert was shot at 10:45 o'clock
and died at 11:30 in the evening. The
murderer cyr:5cally avowed his guilt of
the crirr.e.
WILL STRENGTHEN
'ROYALIST PARTY
The Prince and Princess of Naples are
oa board the Yela, yachting la the Le-
Angelo Bress!, the assassin " of " King
Humbert. Is an anarchist.
f or Momsu The Premier left for Monza at
S o'clock this morning.
f power (at the last general election they
sent 100 members to Parliament, as com-
Humbert wras much beloved by his people
cu all classes Jn Italy and there will be
r.o fioubt In the m!r.<3s of those who know
the country and the conditions existant
there that bis son, Victor Emmanuel, will
the throne almost Immediately
without opposition. While the Republican
and Socialist parties are growing: daily In
Patrizi of L'ltalia last -night "King
"This lamentable affair will strengthen
the Royalist party in Italy," p.aid Editor
Anarchists.
Editor of L'ltalia Says the
Crime Will React Upon
and an excellent wife and mother, who
watched with tender care over the edu
cation of her children. In educating them
she foUowed the principles of the house
of Savoy, which requires its sons to be
robust and courageous. ¦ Ancestry wor
ship is a family characteristic of thejsa
voy family, and its children have always
Been nourished upon the traditions of. its
ancestral heroes and taught that they
ought to endeavor to resemble them to
the best of their ability. Their family
motto runs, "Fear and Savoy have never
met."
Early in 1S53. when Humbert was but 11
years old, he and his brothers and sisters
were deprived of their mother's guiding
hand. Queen Adelaide was carried off by
an early death.
Youthful Ambitions.
While Humbert and his brother Amedeo
prosecuted their literary and scientific
studies they longed for the hour to strike
—when they could consecrate their youth
ful fire and love of country to their coun-
On the Battlefield.
The moment came in 1S66, ¦when, on one
try's cause. They had early been inspired
by .their father with enthusiasm for
Italy's liberation, and as lads he had ini
tiated them* into military and political
life. I
In 1E39. while still but a boy, Humbert
was beside his father on those battlefields
which decided the future of Italy. He
was also sent later on political missions
of the greatest consequence. It was he
who took part in the reorganization of
the two Sicilies, and July, 1S62, ' saw him
In Naples and Palermo, where the people
were celebrating with fetes and joy their
reconquered liberty.
. Shortly before the outbreak of the war
with. Austria the Prince of Piedmont went
to Paris to sound the Government as to
it? sentiments concerning the alliance
then actually concluded between Italy and
Prussia. Action soon followed upon nego
tiations.
A FEW* days after ascending the
throne, on January 10, 1878, King
Humbert issued a proclamation to
his new subjects, in which he told
them he should be mindful of the
grand example his father had set him of
devotion to Italy, love of progress and
faith in liberal institutions. "My sole am
bition." he concluded, "will be to deserve
the love of my people."
_ And Humbert, dead, will be mourned
sincerely by, the nation that ¦witnessed the
carrying out of his pledges.
Humbert I, King of Italy, was born at
Turin March 14. 1S44. on the anniversary
of the day that had given birth to his
father, Victor Emmanuel. His mother was
Maria Adelaide, daughter of Archduke
Ranieri, then Viceroy of Lombardy and
Venice. Thus in the veins .of Italy's
King runs some of the hated Austrian
blood— the blood of that cruel oppressor
of Italian soil of whom, happily, all ves
tige has vanished from the fair peninsula.
The Princess was a very sweet woman
at his back in the Parliament about 400
of Its members.
"The anarchists of Italy are a peculiar
sect. They are far fewer in number than
in France or England, yet their daring
amounts to fanaticism, and when they
have marked a man for death it behoves
him to watch . artfully, for they exercise
great ingenuity to execute their designs.
"King Humbert was fearless. Although
his life had been twice attempted he took
no particular precautions. He has paid
the rrice. .
•The young»Prlnce is a negative sort of
a man. He is about 30 years old, and
neither very* bad or very pood. Colorless,
I should call him. Still, this outrage will
so shock the people of Italy that it is
certain they will declare for him en
masse."
QUEEN MARGHERITA.
The Princess Margherita. Marie Therese Jeanne of Savoy, daughter of the
late Duke Ferdinand of Genoa, brother of King Victor Emmanuel II, was
married April ~, ISd, at Turin to the Prince, who became King of Italy
upon the death of his father. She was then one of the most beautiful women
in Europe. The Prince of Naples was the sole issue of the marriagre.
VICTOR EmMANUEL III.
The assassination of Klne Humbert clears the way to the throne for
Victor Emmanuel Ferdinand Marie Januarius, Prince of Xaples and Duke
of Savoy, the namesake of his grandfather. Victor Emmanuel II. This
Prince was born at Naples, November 11, 1S69. and Vas married at Rome,
October 24, 1S9G, to Princess Helene 'of Montenegro. There Is no Issue of thi»
marriage.
Courageous, Honest and Upright, He
Ruled the Nation With Kindly Firm=
ness and Fostered Its Welfare.
HUMBERT THE IDOL
OF ITLAY'S PEOPLE
THE L/\TE FCIING HUMBERT.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 60.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL."Sheng now admits that he has had
telegrams since July 10, announcing that
every foreigner in Paotlng-Fu was mur
dered, .including" forty British, French
and American missionaries, and announc
ing that two French Jesuits and a thou
sand converts have been massacred at
Kwangplngr-Fu, on the borders of Shang
tung and Chi-Li. v
"A majority of the consuls favor strong
measures against Sheng*s duplicity.
"Local officials assert that the Italian
; priests murdered in Hunan- Wen were
wrapped in cotton, which had been soak-
I ed with kerosene, and were slowly roast
ed to death; It Is believed that aU for
eigners in Chi-L! have by this time been
massacred, and the wave of massacre is
spreading toward*. Ning-Po and Hong
chow, from which point thirty English
and American missionaries are endeavor
'lng to escape In boats down the river to
Kiangsu. Officials have anticipated a
peneral rising along the Yangtse-Kians
about Aupust 1.
"An astounding American Intrigue has
been revealed to the consuls here in the
shape of a skillful attempt to get the
maritime customs placed in the hands of
an American missionary named Fergu
son, who. althoueh he was an active ally
of Sheng in the latter's endeavors to
hoodwink the world with regard to events
in Peking, was supported by the Ameri
can officials in the claim to the appoint
ment of Inspector General."
FOURTEENTH INFANTRY
ARRIVES AT TAKU
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lisbins Company. • - --. ¦*.*
CHEFU. Friday, via Shanghai. July
29.— The Fourteenth United States Infan
try from Manila has arrived at Taku.
SANTIAGO I>E CUBA. July 29.— The
Second Battalion of the Fifth United
States Infantry, Major Borden command
ing, will leave to-morrow for the United
States. The companies at Guantanamo
and Baracoa will be taken aboard en,
route. The officers have received instruc
tions to prepare warm clothing for a hard
winter campaign and to be ready to re
embark shortly after arriving in New
York. All the men are enthusiastic at the
prospect of active service in China.
Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 19OO, by New York Herald Publishing Company.' He
publication of this dispatch is prohibited. All rights reserved in the United States and Grsat Britain.
EDICT SAYS MINISTERS
ARE HELD AS HOSTAGES
PLOT TO MASSACRE ALL
FOREIGNERS IN CANTON
5ECRETLY MOBILIZING AN
ARMY AROUND SHANGHAI
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 19GO, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company. Kepublication of this dispatch
is prohibited. All rights reserved in the United States and Great
Britain.]
"|- ONDOX. July DO.— The Canton corres-
Lpondcnt of the Daily Telegraph in a
dispatch dated Saturday says:
"The Triads have bc-come numerous and
threatening in Hainan. The Taotai aul
the local mandarins 3re terror-strick* n
and decline to protect foreigners. All the
missionaries except three have left With
their wivrs and famllU-F. The natives of
the Xodc-a district of the Island were so
frightened thsX th«»y joint-d the ranks <jJ
the Triads.
"Seriovs disturbances are expected be
tween August 1 and August 15, during th«=
festival to be held to appease the shadea
of the dead. The Boxers are charging
large sums to the Chinese for passports
from Peking to Tientsin. Lao Yun Fu,
the Black Flag chief, has refused - .o
march on Peking unless Viceroy Tak&u
will furnish him with £0.000 soldiers.
"The Chinese authorities have just dis
closed a Boxer plot devised by Soon Mun
to blow up the Mansato temple a'nd +u
destroy the Cantonese officials while per
forming ceremonies in honor of the Km
preps' birthday. If the plot had succeed
ed., the Boxt-rs would have attacked Can
ion, looting the city and murdering for
eigners and all persons friendly to •'for
oifrnerg.
T ONDON. July 30.— The general Fltua- ;
t tion in Chir.a is steadily becoming i
I - darker and a crisis is said to be fast
approaching. It is rumored in Shanghai I
that 10,000 Chinese troops have been so- j
cretly ciovwl into that vicinity, tind that |
th^ comraaailcr of tne Kiajig-Yu forts has j
been ordered to fire If any further add!- !
tion is made to the number of foreign
ships ascending the river. Rioting has al
ready occurred at Kiuklang, the mobs
threatening death to foreigners.
With the arrivals of the second Japa-,
nose division the- allied forces at Taku
and Tientsin will number 70.000. The river
floods near Tientsin are diminishing. .{-,.¦
It is reported that Russians from Har
bin have arrived at a point 150 miles north
of Peking after severe fighting.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Times, wiring yesterday, says:
"I learn that Li Ping Hong and Lu
Chuan Lin. Governor of Kiang-Su, both
rabidly anti-foreign, are advancing toward
Peking with large bodies of troops. Their
advent must seriously affect the situation
there." : ¦ ¦„•-;• ¦-• »
To-day the consular body decided that
the situation demanded the presence of a
military roree In Shanghai, and the Con
suls have notified their governments ac
cordingly. . ' -,t ¦':.
ASSASSINATION OF BARON VON KETTELER.
From Le Journal Illustre, Paris.
Attacked by amob of Chinese on June 17, while on his return from a visit to the Tsung 11 Yamen (Chinese For
eign Office), the Kaiser's representative was dragged from his horse and beaten and hacked to pieces. *
Though there are many reasons for be
lieving that the Chinese Government Is
not acting in good faith, the United States
will officially accept all its protestations
of friendship that come through Minister
Wu until it Is known to a certainty that
they are false. President McKlnley*s re
ply to the appeal for mediation and the
use of the good offices of the United
States to secure peace has not yet re
sulted in disclosing the real attitude of
the Imperial Government, as it was hoped
would be the result. Minister Wu did not
officially express his opinion to the State
Department that his Governmetn would
accede to the conditions imposed in the
President's letter, but he let It be known
that he was confident that this would be
the result. Ills confidence has since been
somewhat shaken. Communication with
the Ministers la still the first condition In
sisted upon by the United States as pre
liminary to any negotiations with tha
Chinese Government.
Whatever may be the attitude of the
imperial Government, which even Min
ister Wu admits, he dqes not understand,
the State Department Is satisfied that
many of the most powerful men In China
are opposed 'to the hopeful feature of the
situation, and it la believed that if the
international forces succeed In defeating:
in a decisive manner the Chinese forces
between Tientsin and Peking strong, pres
sure will be exerted upon the imperiat
Government to secure peace on a basis
that will guarantee the safety of foreign
ers and their interests in China In the fu
ture.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, July 29.—"Ac
tion — and immediate action," saJd
Secretary Hay to me this evening,
"Is the policy which the United States is
urging in China. "We are not waiting for
more information, but are proceeding as
If we knew all."
Lacking sufficient forces in China to
make an advance on Peking Independent
ly of the other powers, this Government
can urge the American commanders in
China to exert their influence to the ut
most against delay. This is being done,
and it is believed that more energetic ac
tion may follow* the arrival of Major Gen
eral Chaffee at Tientsin.
The authorities here attach much im
portance to the report of the Chinese stu
dent who was sent frqm Tientsin to Pe
king by Missionary "Wilder and who
brought back word that he saw no Chi
nese troops for sixty miles south of Pe
king, but found 20.000 in the vicinity of
Yangtse-San and Pietsang. If this report
is correct the international troops are con
fronted In the immediate neighborhood of
Tientsin with the only formidable resist
ance they will encounter until they reach
the neighborhood of the capital, which
this student reported to be surrounded
with imperial troops. It is thought here
that this force of 20.000 could easily be
overcome by the international forces, and
that their, defeat, followed by a steady
advance on Peking, would produce a
moral effect that would greatly weaken
the resistance at the gates of the capital.
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company. Republication of this dis
patch is prohibited- All rights, reserved in the United States
and Great Britain.]
LOXDOX. July 30.— The Dally Tele
graph publishes this dispatch from
its social correspondent:
"SHANGHAI. July 29.— LI Hun?
Chang was questioned to-<Jay. He
Bays he is very much gratified by the ami
cable attitude shown by America and
believes a friendly settlement with the j
allies is possible. He explains that the
intense heat prevents him continuing his ¦
Journey northward. He declares that the
Emperor, the Empress Dowager and the
foreign Minister* are all cafe, but he has
no more compunction than benefits an
Oriental for tiie condition of the women,
and children In Peking-. He is unable to
explain why, if the Ministers are safe.- he
cannot produce such proof as would sat
isfy the powers, but he strongly favors
holding the Ministers as hostages so a3
to secure favorable terms for the Empress
Dowager and the rebel Government. H«
does not s=ee how holding 1 the envoys as
hostages would be only a lesser crime
than killing them.
"It is obvious now that the object of Li
Hung: Chang's visit here is to sew discora
among the allies through the Consuls,
who virtually represent their Govern
ments, hut I think he has not met with
success as yet."
Wily Chinese Diplomat Favors Hold
ing Them to Coerce Foreign
Powers.
From Harper's "Weekly.
"MINISTERS LIVING,"
REITERATES EARL LI
It
MINISTER CONGER IN FRONT OF HIS OFFICE AT
THE AMERICAN LEGATION, PEKING.
Special Dispatch, to The CalL *
"Immediate Action" Is the Policy
Advocated by the State
Department.
VIEW ALONG THE TOP OF THE EASTERN WALL
OF- THE TARTAR CITY, PEKING.
URGING A HURRIED
MARCH ON PEKING
From Navy and Army.
The walls of Peking have a total circumference of over thirty miles.
They vary in height and thickness. At the point shown In the picture the
wall Is fifty feet high and forty-five feet thick. The poles shown in the middle
of the wall near the front are used to expose the heads of persons who have
been executed. There is a regular pathway along the top of the wall.
ANEW situation, scarcely less appalling than would have been the massacre of all for
eigners in Peking, confronts the world. In the light of the dispatch to The Call, cred
ence can at least be given to the messages announcing the safety of the legations in
Peking which have been sent out in profusion by the Chinese authorities. The Ministers are
safe, but they are held as hostages. Li Hung Chang himself admits this, being apparently
unable to see, as a special dispatch from Shanghai says, the enormity of the crime against
international rights.
SITUATION THAT NOW CONFRONTS THE POWERS.
The Chefu Consul says that nothing was written about the other Ministers.
pressed the opinion that the besieaed foreigners could hold out for some weeks more. .
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the New York Herald Publishing Company. Kepublication of this dispatch is prohibited. All rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.]
CHEFU, Friday (via Shanghai), July 29.-The Japanese Consul at Tientsin sent a runner on July 15 to Peking. On the 19th the runner left Peking, bringing a cipher telegram to the Japanese Government. It reads:
"We are defending ourselves against the Chinese very well/but now the attack has stopped. We will keep up to the last of the month, although it will be no easy task. The Japanese casualties are: Killed—
Kozima, diplomatic attache; a captain and one student and also a few marines. Wounded— Five or six. Slightly wounded— Very many. r '
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 29.— Again the veil which shrouds the fate of the foreigners in Peking has been lifted. A foreign Government has received a cipher message from its Minister in the
beleaguered legation building, dated well past the middle of July. The authenticity of the dispatch is beyond question, it was brought from the capital to the coast by a runner sent by a foreign Consul to Peking for the
purpose, who returned with a dispatch in the Government cipher. Naturally the message gave no news of casualties, except in the legation concerned. It stated, however, that attacks had become less severe, and ex-
SPECIAL DISPATCH TO THE CALL
OFFICIAL CIPHER DISPATH DIRECT FROM PEKING
ANNOUNCES FOREIGNERS IN THE LEGATIONS ALIVE
THE SA]ST FRANCISCO OAIitv: MONDAY. ]\«TTJL,Y 30, 1900.
.stlll'fully 2000 Europeans connected with
missionary work in isolated situations.
. "When the Governor of Shantung com
municated to the Consuls the imperial de
cree of July 24 he omitted the Important
passes addressed to Li Hung Chang:
" 'It I is admittedly Inadvisable to kill
all the Ministers, but It is equally unwise
to send them to Tientsin. It will be much
wlsjprto keep the survivors at Peking as
hostages. : ¦
"'You are commanded to hasten to Pe-
"Commands are also given that not [ %
single foreigner shall be allowed to es
cape from the interior, where there are
"The Viceroys are also commanded to
guard their territories vigilantly against;
attack and to prevent" by all means in
their power the advance of the foreign
troops, especially - along the Yangtse-
Kiang. ' The decree says the officials will
answer, with their lives for any failure to
execute the orders.
LONPON, July 30.— The Shanghai
correspondent of the Express tele
graphing yesterday says: , :'•¦
"A new imperial edict * promul
gated this evening urgently: orders
all Viceroys and provincial -Governors i to
endeavor to negotiate peace with the pow
ers, whose Ministers are 'held as. hostages
pending the .result of ; the , overtures . for
the abandonment of hostilities against
China,' • . • -
LONDON. July 30.— The Daily Mail publishes the following from its special corre
spondent:
SHANGHAI, July 28. — A telegram was received yesterday from Mission
ary Morgan at Shinan-Fu stating that in Shansi province the natives and converts were being
massacred and that five more foreigners had been murdered.
Chinese hordes are now deluging the province of Chili with Christian blood. More than
two thousand persons have already been butchered. The Catholic cathedral at Huhfung-
Kow is besieged and the inmates are doomed. Yu Seen, Governor of Shansi, has ordered that
all missionaries and converts be massacred. The China Inland Mission at Ying Chow, Ngan-
Avhei province, had been burned. -
king. You are incurring Imperial dis
pleasure by delay. You have been ap
pointed Viceroy of Chl-L4 because, with
your military experience, you will suc
cessfully lead the imperial armies against
the foreigners in Chi-Ll. which Tu Lu.
the present Viceroy, is unable to do. ow
ing to his ignorance of mlllfary affairs.'
"Li Hung Chang replied to this edict.
asking- to be allowed to retire on account
of his age.
2THE BOXER ECLIPSING THE BOER.
NEW TORK. July C3-— Brigadier
General James H. Wilson depart
ed to-night for San Francisco.
where ht will embark on August
3 on the Japanese steamer Amer
ica Maru for China. He was accompa
nied by his aids. Lieutenants J. H. Reeves
and G. S. Turner. When asked if he
thought the various foreign forces in
China could be merged in a homogeneous
whole, the general said that such a thing
was possible and that it depended large
ly on the skill and. tact of the generalis
simo. In view of the pressing needs of the
situation, he said he felt sure there would
be no great difficulties in the organization
of the allied forces. He said there would
be much preparation required for the ad
vance on account of the scarcity of for
age along the routes to Peking.
"It will be necessary." said he, "for an
army to take great quantities of supplies.
The country is poor. It is a low plain, al
most devoid of vegetation- There are no
treea of any account which could bs used
for flrewopd. The natives even Scrape the
bark from the trees to get fuel. They
burn weeds and rice stalks. There is lit
tle to be got by foraging and there i3
practically nothing to plunder and an
array would have to take supplies of
every kind, including fuel and water. The
question of supplies is in fact the prin
cipal one.
"Further than that it is difficult to say
much, and t do not wish to be placed in
the position of judging the situation be
fore I am thoroughly familiar with It.
Ther© ar» no mountains or other natural
obstacles. There are no strong fortinca
tions. It Is easy, of course, to throw up
intrenchments. The Chinese will ha.ve the
same difficulties to contend with as far
as supplies are concerned as the allies
must encounter. It will be impossible to
maintain great hordes of men without
something on which they may feed.
"In these military operations the great
base will be the sea. Supplies can bs
brought up the Peiho River and its
branches to within twelve miles of Pe
king, and then there is the railroad. Even
if it is torn up soon it will not be so dif
ficult to get it into operation.
"The Chinese have only a vague notion
of "Western tactics. They have had Ger
man drill masters, but, generally, they
nave been drilling only when they felt
like it. They are good lighters when they
are winning, and they take killing well.
They do not fight well when they begin
to lose and are easily stampeded."
MRS. WOODWARD READY
TO END HER LIFE
CHICAGO, July 29.— Mrs. M. D. -Wood
ward of Evanston, when she wrote ths
last letter received by her husband from
Peking, was armed with a five-shot re
volver. It was her Intention, according
to the letter, to use the first three cart
ridges on the assalllne Chinese. Then,
if -with what the other defenders were do
ing the Boxers were not repulsed, she had
decided to kill her daughter lone with one
of the remaining bullets and shoot fcerselj
with the last, so they would rot fall aliv«
into the hands of the Boxers.
This piece of news was contained In tn»
letter written by ilrs. Woodward on Jusa
11 last after she and her daughter had
made a futile attempt to escape from
Peking. They found when they arrived
at the depot that so much cf the track
had been torn up that it was impossible
for them to depart, so they made their
way with difficulty back to the lega.£ion.
Jlr. Woodward has guarded the letter
with extreme care, saying wher. asked for
its use by newspapers that it was P^r^
wr.al In tone. He was out of town to
day, but his housekeeper, Mrs. Martha
Hoaglund. told of the determination of
Mrs. Woodward to use tha revolver oa
her daughter and herself if necessary,
saying that she had herself seen the let
ter. "She further stated." said lira*
Hoaglnnd. "that the marines had been or
dered up by Minister Conger and that
news had been received of the landing oJ
the relief force, thus showing that she still
had hopes that they rnl^ht be saved."
THREATENS A MASSACRE
IF THE ALLIES ADVANCE
BERLIN. July 2?.— The Chinese lega
tion in Berlin ha3 received a messa^v
from Sheng. Director General of Hall
ways and Telsgraphs. sajrts* that fca
has received a dispatch from Peking an
nqtinclng that General Tung Fuh Starts
threatens to kill all the members of tha
legations if the International forces ad
vance upon Peking. Evidently the lega
tion is embarrassed by the receipt of th!3
dispatch, as the Chinese Minister has not
communicated it to the German Govern
ment.
The legation has cabled the Viceroy of
Nanking requesting him to try to get in
formation as to whether the widow of
Baron von Ketteler. the murdered Ger
man Minister. Is still alive.
ORDERS EXTERMINATION
OF ALL CHRISTIANS
TOKIO. Ja!jr 2S-— It is reported frotn
Shanghai that th« Boxers attacked
the missionaries and native Chris
tians at Paotingfu cn July 8. A foreign
physician acd two thousand converts
were massacred. The Chinese general,
LJ Ho Keh. i3 now r2-'-''h!ng oa Fdt&SS
He has ordered his trocp3 to extermina.**
all Christians. Already one French priest
and from 2000 to Sv«» natives hava bees
slaughtered.
«.
STATION DESTROYED AND
MISSIONARIES MURDERED
LONDON, July CO.— A special dispatca
from Shanghai, dated yesterday, says that
the English mission station north of Nisj.
po has been destroyed and twelve mlajion
aries have been murdered.
evangelizing forces for political and self
ish ends.
The speaker expressed gratification at
the fact that the Government of the
United States had taken a noble stand for
the integrity of China.
MAY EL&.NG CHXNXSE OnTCTAT.S
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK. July 3.-Tne Journal has
this from London: The publication of of
ficial dispatches regarding China contains
the following from Lord Salisbury to Min
ister Lo Fengh Luh:
"The Chinese Minister Is requested by
her Majesty's Government to transmit by
telegraph In such manner as will Insure
the message reaching the Government at
Peking notice that they will be held per
sonally guilty if members cf the European
legations and other foreigners in Peking
suffer Injury."
i Tie French. Austrian and German gov
ernments "have sent the same messae-e.
showing that the *owers intend to hang
all the officials inTekinr.
General Wilson Before Starting
for San Francisco Outlines the
Task Before the Army That
Will Advance on Peking.
WASHINGTON'. July 23.— There Is
aisro«1sg expectation at the
Et&tc Department that news of
the utmost importance may b»
forthcoming at any moment
fr?m Peking. The few cablegrams that
¦were received to-day referred to minor
matters and did not touch at all upen
conditions in the Chinese capital.
It is believed that the basis foftfcis ex
pedatlon is the knowledge on the part of
tZr.c^als that eertxiir: machirtry hereto
fore set in rsoiicr. say result in the open
ing up cf communication through some
eecret but reliable channels. It is known,
that a. &eccr:d effort has btes niSLde by our
Government to get another message from
Mr. Center ar.d that nearly all of the
Jicwers also have resorted to private
tge-cies In their own interests with a iik«
cbject. The fact has just been developed
that cr-e of the laet acts of the late Col
cnel Liscuia before his death at Tientsin
•was to undertake to send a dispatch to
Peking. General Dorvrard. the British
ccrjm-iSLn.der at Tientsin, also sent out two
desstngers. and it is believed the Japa
r-ese cid the same- Up to date not one or
these messengers has returned to Tien
tsin, nor has there been & single word
heard Cram &r;y of thesa.
Tilts fact, however, has not. caused the
fi.band.cr.ment of nope, and this is tree In
particular cf the n:essa£es expected from
Alinlster Cor.ger.
¦Wiider's Message Haises Hope.
Minister Wu is perhaps the basis for
ihis cope en cur part, &nd he maintains
«.a ur.sha.Jien confidence In his original as
tertioa that the news, when it dees come.
¦will show that t_he Itpailoncrs are al:ve.
The xcebsa&e reported to have come
through Missionary Wilder at Chefu is
regarded as mest promising. Minister Wu
had no cablegrams to-day, nor had the
State Department any directly from.
China.
Nothing further has been heard as to
the dat4 set fcr the beginning cf the
movement frcm Tientsin toward Peking:.
£r.<i it is raid here that this is a detai!
that trust be fixed by the military com
manders upen the spot. A meffage came
to tie War Etepartment from the quar
termaster cn the Lenncx announcing the
arrival of that ship, with the Cor.r.err.augh,
at Kobe. Japan. They have aboard the
mounts for the Sixth Cavalry, and. al
though they will start for T«iku at once,
r.ot less than f.ve clays will be consumed
in this last stage of the voyage.
It is doubtful whether Genera! Chaffee
would care to Isave Taku without horses
for the Sixth Cavalry, particularly as. ac
cording to all reports, mounted cavalry Is
nee<i*Kl for successful operations in the
flat country lying between Tientsin and
Taku. This fact alone may delay opera-
day from the commander of the Buffalo
at Hcpckor.g. statin? that he h?.s sailed
for Taicu. The Buffalo is taking out
much n^-eded relief men from the naval
crc-w« and also has a lot of stores aboard
for the approaching campaign.
I.letitenant Colonel Coolidg«*s Report.
The War Department received a cable
gram from Lieutenant Colonel Coolidge,
who assumed command of the Ninth In
fantry after the deaxh of Colonel LJscum,
giving- in part the part played by that
organization during the fighting at Tien
tsin. The report !s as follows:
CHLTL' — Corbin. Washington: Six comp*
nJea Ninth Infantry, under Liscutn, •wlOx ma
rines corr.ir.&r.c!?d by Mead, joined British
fcr?«-« undw General Dorward in conjunction
w;th French a^d J2.p&r.ese acd attacked soutb
wfft part of walled city ax daybreak oa tie
13th. The Nisth Infantry on the rtfht were
east of the south rate, protecting the allied
fore** tr<?zn f.ir.kir.j flr«. After beiss under
fire for fifteen hours tfcey were withdraws to
the octer rr.ud wail at night. Xiath Inf&ztry
had seventeen killed and eSxty-niae wounded.
ere li'ifnTlir out of 4J9 »-psurei at lUi point.
Corr.panj- A. pasted at the railroad station, east
of the Prlho, wa« exposed to heavy shrapnel
f.re, losing two killed asd seven wounded, la
add!t!e>n to the foresclnt.
On the morning of the 14th the Japanese
b>w up the scuth gate, entering the trailed
city. AlHed force* entered town. Asslrae4
the southeast quarter to the Americans for
police and protection. Guard* were established
In the American Quarter, which wu already
on fire. British cemmxsier hlrhlr praised
American soldiers for arduous work and ral
lar.try in communication to Mead on July JS.
COOLIDGE.
SPECIAL COURIER SENT
TO MINISTER CONGER
Special Cable to tte N*tw Tortc Herald. Oopy
rtcht, UO». by New York Herald Punishing
Company. Replication of thi» tfla;*tch Is
Drciibited. All r!eht» reserred la the
tTnited States and Great Britain.
LONDON. July 30.— The Dally TeJe
graph publishes this dispatch from ita
special correspondent:
"CAXTOX, via Hongkong. July 3.— The
American Consul, Mr. McWade, has seat
by courtesy of Viceroy Taksu a special
courier to United States Minister Conger.
"Chinese newspapers assert that Prince
Tuan offered rewards for all foreigners'
heads which were brought to his yamen
in Peking-. The Boxers, finding- It difficult
to get enough foreigners' heads, decapi
tated all Chinese having high>noses and
deep eyes. Thus they presented so many
pretended foreigners' heads that Tuaa's
exchequer suffered painful strain."
tiers ur.tJl late In the present week,
thourh at least a portion of the Inter
raUor.a! column rr.ay start en the day
f.xed— to-rnorrcn-. Assurances received
SAYS MISSIONARIES
ARE NOT TO BLAME
fcere ifaov that the Japanese Government
is Cc'.r.g all in its power to facilitate the
international movement, ar.d though the
pood win of the Japanese was ne\ - er sus
pected sf far 35 the United Stares is con
certed. *-- fcnon ledge is gratifying.
Secretary Lcr.g had a cable message to-
CHICAGO. July 23.— A stirring address
on China was delivered before the Moody
Bible Institution congregation this after
noon by Rev. Thomas Marshall. Seld sec
retary of the Presbyterian Board of For
eism Missions and a Chinese missionary
Machinery Set In Motion for the
Opening of Communication
With Peking Through Secret
but Reliable Channels.
STATE DEPARTMENT EXPECTS EARLY NEWS OF
ITS REPRESENTATIVE AT THE CHINESE CAPITAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 80, 1900.
Continued From First Page.
HUMBERT THE IDOL OF ITALY'S PEOPLE
In 1878 and flgain in 1897
Would - Ee Assassins
Sought His Life
Twice before has the assassin struck
at King Humbert, but on those occasions
he fortunately escaped injury.
The first of these attempts was on No
vember 17, 1V7S. as King Humbert was en
tering the city of Naples. A man who was
among the trade associations, which were
drawn up with their .banners, and who
also carried a flag, suddenly lowered it
and made a thrust at the King, wounding
him slightly in the arm with a dagger
with which he had armed the head of the
staff. The King instantly drew his sword
ar.d struck the assassin on the head and
Signor Calroli, who .accompanied the
King, sprang to the ground and caught
the man. receiving at the same time a
wound In the thigh. The assassin was
then secured. His name was Giovanni
Passar.ante. a cook. v / ; '
This attempted assassination was fol
lowed during the next day by the throw-
Ing of Orsinl bombs among the crowds in
Florence and Pisa on the occasion of
loyal demonstrations in those cities. Nu
merous arrests were made and, as many
of the persons were found to belong to
the International Society, all the Bar
santi clubs in Italy, about thirty in num
ber, were closed-
It was on Thursday, the 22d of April.
1SS7. that the second attempt was made
on the King's life. On that day he was
driving to the Campanelll racetrack, when
a man rushed forward, crying out that he
wanted to present a petition to the King.
He waa permitted to approach the car
riage. Suddenly the man leaped upon the
caJTt&S* etep and * made a viciens ¦ lunge ,
remove the objectionable lenses. She re
plied she could not see well without them,
and she wished to read. He argued that
some one might read aloud for her benefit,
but she preferred reading fcr herself. The
King bore the infliction in silence a few
minutes and then exclaimed: "It's .of no
use to try; I cannot endure it. Margherila.
if you don't take off those glasses l 11
sing? " This threat acted like magic, and
the offending innocents were quickly re
moved.
It Is hinted that the long walks indulged
in by the Queen are taken mainly that she
may help to ward off the tendency to
overmuch avordupois, to which her sen
sitive spouse objected. She did repine at
his white hair, but he steadily refused to
resort to artince to restore his locks to
their former color.
The King's Joke.
One day he found upon his toilet' table
a bottle of hair restorative, with all the
necessary paraphernalia and explicit in
structions for its use. He took the deli
cate hint, but smiled wickedly to himself.
The Queen is fond of pets— a snow-whito
poodle dog and a parrot of the same color
being her prime favorites. She waa
greatly shocked one day when a little
bright green dog came bounding Into her
lap, and demanded cf every one what had
happened to her snowy pet. The King
innocently remarked that he found the
restorer on his table, and knowing her
objections to white hair, he thought he
would try it on the dog first, and if Bhe
was not satisfied he would try his luck
with the parrot-
OTHER ATTEMPTS
TO SLAY THE KING
Emmanuel's life hung on a thread, there
was born to them their heir and only
child, also named Victor Emmanuel, after
his grandfather, to whom was accorded
the title of Prince of Naples because of
the F^ce of his birth.
When Rome became Italian the Prince
and Princess of Piedmont also moved
thither to live in the Quirina!, and It was
then that the young Princess gradually
so conquered her father-in-law's good
graces that she acquired great influence
over him. causing him to conform a little
more to than he was wont to do the con
ventionalities and usages of society. It
was a difficult position the Princes? was
called to fill. Countess Miraflore. Victor
Emmanuel's morganatic wife, claimed to
rule the house and desired to take her
place in society as wife. But she was not
of noble birth, ar.d the proud of Roman
nobility would not have sectioned such a
proceeding. Yet it was not until after
Victor KmroanueTs death tha.t Marghe
rita reigned at court with all the honors
due a Queen.
Pays His Father's Debts.
One of Humbert's nrst acts on ascend
ing the throne earned him well-merited
praise. As is well known. Victor Em
manuel was most extravagant, not so
much in- the gratification of his private
tastes— which were simple, but in chari
ties he knew no bounds. It was found on
his death that his debts were consider
able, and it was proposed in Parliament,
in the first enthusiasm after his lots,
that the State should pay these. To thjs.
however. Humbert opposed a firm nega
tive, declaring that his father's debts
were his. and that he should undertake
ther liquidation. And instantly he s-t
about reducing all needless expenditure
in the various palaces, selling a number
of superfluous horses and restricting out
lays in ever>" mode possible; and this,
helped by an able major-domo, he car
ried through so successfully that not only
did he pay his father's numerous de
pendente, but he had always a good sum
in hand on which he could draw to sub
scribe toward any national charity or
disaster, or to encourage art asd science.
In the course of years, Humbert grew
stouter and stronger, but he aged prema
turely. Fcr some few years past he has
been quite bald. At one time he smoked
to excels, but one day, his doctors having
prescribed abstention from tobacco, he
completely renounced the habit.
Of the beauty of Queen Margherfta all
the world has heard. But she Is now in
clining to stoutness, and the passing
years have taken from hfr that grace and
litheness which marked her movements,
though her sweetness of expression still
remains.
'ond of the Queen.
King Humbert and his Queen were most
congenial friends, and often enjoyed a
joke at each other's expense. When their
son, the Prince of Naples, was In England
he shocked the English proprieties by re
lating the following stories about his
royal parents:
Tha^Queen has a great passion for mu
sic and is a fine performer on the piano,
while the King has neither musical taste
nor ability. Although his perfectly white
hair and mustache showed that he waa
no longer young, he seriously objected
to the marks of time showing on his fair
Queen, and particularly rebelled against
her use of eyeglasses.
One evening as they were cosily seated
"en famille,*" the Queen wishing to read
perhaps the evening paper— quietly ad
justed her glasses and settled herself for
a good time. The Kin? soon asked, her to
Jurr» <iay at dawn, the Italian army put
i-self in moticn. and the first shots were
exchanged at two extreme points at the
fame moment— that is. cerore Viilafrar.ea.
between the division led by Prince Hum
bert and the Austrian cavalry regiment
•ed by General Pubz, and under Peschi
rra at Mor.te Croce. where forght al»o
Prir.ce Arnedeo. arti where the latter re
ceived net crriy his baptism of fire, .but
£.',50 fcis first vrooadl From this time foi
ward Humbert was always in the field
with his troops when occasion required.
ar.d occasion required It right often la
tr.ose stirring times. One of his first acts
— to h's hcrtor be it told — was to declare
that he renounced his stipend as a gen
eral, not desiring, he said, to add a
J-rther burden to the budget cf his heav
ily fc-rdened country-
"Weds Slarglierita of Savoy.
At Custcrzza. Nir.o B!xi<"» was only Just
in time to save hfcn from inevitable
danger, so fearlessly l:ad he expesed h«m
?elf:t.o the er:esr.y. '"I shall never for
give you for not letting me manage this
affair aJone." was the first impetucus
ar.sw«?r given by the Prince, after the
general had pointed cut to him the risk
Le had rcr..
It was not until he was twer.ty-four
years c'd that a bride was chosen for
Humbert. Heirs-apparent are not usual
ly allowed to remain unwedded so long,
but it so happened that death had carried
off the wife destined for pirn, a young
Kapsburg Archduchess. In 1SSS. however.
Victor Emmanuel told his Prime Minister,
Ger.eral Menabrea. that he must f.r.d a
wife for Humbert. To this peremptory
ccrr.rr.and the soldier quietly remarke-i
that she was already found; there was
wrrting only the will of his Majesty and
the cor.srnt cf the Prince. The lady on
whom the general had fixed was the
Princess Margherita. daughter of the
I>-ke cf Genoa, the brave brother of Vic
tor Ernmcnue-l. whom consumption had
early carried away. The Princess ba3
been carefully educated. She was at th^
time a. lovely girl of eighteen, delicate.y
fa!r. with eyes of a deeper blue than
usually ax-companies a bioade complexion,
£n<! a snails of bewitching sweetness.
Indeed, Marghcritas smile has become
ZS.TZVJ?. It is alvayi ready in ar.swer to
the loyal ar.d affectionate feelings of her
people, ar.d gots straight to the hearts of
the Italians, to whom the has endeared
bctseU to an extraordinary degree. The
marriage was therefore arranged, and
trtth much pomp it was celebrated at Tu
rin 5n April. l^CS, in the presence of the
royal family.
Net Popular as Prince
At the time cf lii* marriage the Prince
cf Piedmont can scarcely be said to have
been popular. For or.e thing, he was
overshadowed by his father's great popu
larity and that parent's bonhomie and
fenial ways, of which he did not possess
& trace. Moreover, the Prince had earned
for nir^se!f the reputation of a gay char
acter, and though this is by no means
held a reproach in Italy, yet he was criti
cized rather sharply. Consequently he
was on!y popular as his father's son and
a Savoy Prince, and ihat he had proved
himself a true soldier la the campaign of
:SG5.
On the occasion of the Crown Prince's
marriajre Victor Ercniar;uel instituted th*
*rder of the Corona <ritaiia, which Is ac
f rJed for ir.fr! t of whatever kind. After
Vicing a triumphal tour through the
chief. Italian cities, the bride and bride
groom settled down to live <;uietly at Tu
rin. A year and a fcaif later, when Victor
Victor Emmanuel Ferdinand Maria Gen
naro. the Prince of Naples, who succeeds
to the throne of Humbert as Victor
Emmar.uel II, was born November 11, 1SS9,
in Naples. It was just and right, said the
Neapolitans, that the son of a soldier
should be born upon the day dedicated to
the protector of soldiers, Martino of
Tours. The choice of Naples and of the
name Gennaro, patron of that city, was
not accidental. In this also the concep
tion and judgment cf the Unitarian dyn
asty shone with new luster and splendor.
The birth of this grandson of the great
Kir.fr. of the future hereditary Prince of
Italy, with a title no longer Prince of
Piedmont (until this* time borne by his
house), but with that of Prince of Naples,
destroyed with one blow those few illu
sions which might still remain in the
minds of those who were interested in and
desirous of a restoration of the past. It
was a new and strong affirmation of Italy
united.
¦ The Prince of Naples Is an active. Btrong
young man, with a hi^h and broad fore
head and a serenely searching gaze. He
resembles his father in the upper part of
his face, while In the lower may be traced
the sweet and pleasant maternal linea
ments in which, however, the Boft fea
tures of the Anglo-Saxon race are tem
pered by the stern and martial energy of
Savoy. His person reflects dignity, se
riousness and earnestness. One sees in
him a great scho'ar in— the pursuit of
science, of the good and the beautiful:
truly one of these characters, virile and
confident, to which the words may be
applied once Quoted of the adamantine
lama, "fraoxrar nan. fiectar," --
at the King with a dagger which he had
concealed in his handkerchief. The King,
partly rising, turned the blow by striking
the man's wrist with bis elbow and the
dagger struck the cushion of the carriage.
In an instant all was confusion. The
King's escort charged upon the crowd,
which, in the excltment, had closed in
upon the carriage, while others of the
guard seized the would-be assassin. The
King wa? perfectly composed. "These
are our little professional perquisites." he
quietly remarked, and then ordered the
carriage to proceed to the races, which
he witnessed as though nothing unusual
had occurred. The crowds at the races
cheered their plucky King, and his return
to the palace was marked by a tremen
dous ovation. When the King's assailant
was brought to trial it was ascertained
that he was named Pietro Acciarita. aged
24. an anarchistic iron worker of Artegna.
He declared that he had acted alone and
in despair, as men do when they commit
suicide; that if the deed had been pre
meditated he would have thrown a bomb,
and that the object of his attempt upon
the life of the King was to strike the
chief representative of the class living in
comfort. When the prisoner was sen
tenced to the galleys for life on May 29.
1SS7, he shouted for anarchy and the revo
lution, and said that the turn of the bour
geois government would come.
A man named Romeo Frezzi was also
arrested on suspicion of complicity in the
crime, and a week later his family was
informed that he was dead. The police
reported that he had committed suicide,
but an autopsy revealed that he had been
murdered in his cell.
PERSONALITY OF
THE HEIR APPARENT
of wide experience and more than national
fame.
He charped that European nations, es
pecially England, Germany and France,
were responsible for all the trouble typi
fied in the national uprising against for
eigners In China; that the missionaries
were not to Warn?, and that the "robber
rations" of Europe, when caught in the
act of despoiling the Chinese of their terri
tory and desecrating the Chinese graves
by running- railroads through them, were
trying to make scapegoats of the innocent
missionaries and were using the Christian
3
1%: I That's the whole story of our remodeling ||$f
|£:.; I sale. You can get stilts, hats and furnish= iMm
|;%; I ings at a saving that is worth saving. jl§[|
1^ Here are some of the savings:
g : .Y/\ I riade=to=6rder suits which, previous to this sale, sold |.^|
g.v£ | for $13.50 and $15.00 are now made for $10.00. ** & |^1
|;jl Ready-made suits: Cheviots which we have sold |?V\g
E-f^ I for $10.00 are now $5.25 ** ** ** ** *m >j* **^i£;i
1 :;': | Fancy Cheviots and a few suits of black clay w r or- |S/:i
i £";| sted, value $15.00, are now selling for $8.45 1--1
8^1 School begins to=day. We have some thoroughly *^|
|:":y. | good school suits for boys, worth $275, which we i£'fl
p. :^;. I are selling for $1 70 ** *g o« ****** ** -m ** p3?£jjf
g.&i Soft hats: Fedoras and Graecos, qoc ******** |:-lH
i#'i Golf Caps, all colors, 15c each or 2 for 25c ** v* *0 i
ra; : j% 1 Silk=front golf shirts for summer wear, good value %f?\
gv! I at $1.00, present price 60c ** ** & ** ****** pC|
fiv; 718 Market Street. ||||but Wounds Are Healing.
MT'NIon. fr.6.. July 29— The physicians
attending Henry Ovcrmyor. who siticmpt
<d «?;;!<•:<> Thursday, s-tuted to-night that
the chances f«»r his recovery are j^ood ro
prard!«':?s of the fact that he in 0i> years of
app atid has thr»»«; j)istol buliots in his
brain, two t^rr.v through the cars and the
r.ther from the rear of the head. The
wotiada are }H*.;!iT)K and Overmver Is tak
ing Dourishmetit regularly.
TBEATING YELLOW FEVER.
Experiments With Dr. Bellinzaghi'3
E^rum Results Remarkably.
CITY OF MEXICO.; July 29.-Advloes
frcrn Wra Cruz show that Dr. Bellinza
phi's eacp£rlia«OtS with yellow fever pa
tients continue to kIuhv irmarkable re
fuit.«. All now patients mated with the
Forum are improving, ar.d the black v<>mit
lias bent HtXipprA.
Labor Day Celebration.
.
That the coming L:il>or Day celebration
shall eclipse all preceding events of Its
kind is the Intention of the managers hav
ing charge of tho arrangements.
At the last mrotinjj of the joint com<
mitu-es the following address was order
ed to be rent to ali the unions within the
the jurisiiiction of the liullding Trades
and Labor Councils in this city:
Hear Sir* and Urothers: At th<> la«t meeting
of ihr .Idnl l.nlx.r I >ny OPl-bration Commute*
1 wa.s requett«d (o vmto to the (fifTerent unions
urchin npon tl.piu thp neceaai(jr pi tnkins fcteps
toward niakiiij; the coming Labor day celebra
tion. Monday. Seiitrni!»»r 3. 1SUO. a firarai vuc
o-i-k. ar.'l 14) af1vo<-:it«- the Ram»? among its nicm
l*-rs. LhM year I.a>>nr day was made a iiuccesa
»)> bard work of th<> committee, and this year
they will tfare no time iinii energy In trying
ti> uumm lart year's celebration. \\> have
n-curc.1 »Vniral 1'ark for that .lay. TIw prj
lirtctora art- roIiik to renovate the entire
grounds. :tnd we un» to have the first opening
nf the i»-w liark with all of Its atttra< tlons.
Tbera will hr an pntertalninent: dancing day
atitl nislit Ir. the larte pavilion: gamei. of all
kinde: \aluable |>ri/.ei» to bf (.¦omjtetetl for- con
tf-st* for tlie unions, with their colors and bwst
eliuwing. We tiffin- tli;it all unions contest fur
tl>«- IfHutiful tioj.hy iirt-E^nted la«.t v«r by the
Mayor. James IJ Plielan. which was won by
U>e Getnentworkera. Th<M-ffore you can sim that
Bitten lAemt must bn taken by all union men
In onVr [bat we can make this Labor day cele
bration one U.at will long be remembered by !
all. »> *¦ «i'i>»-al in ail union mm to cc*aa work '
u;jon that .Jay. The (irounils will be open all
riny up to midnight. The admission fee will be
:.", cents for adults and !0 cents for children
under 13 y.ars. Also take notice: The com
mittee will be jilfased to receive a prl*e from
your ononintlon fur any special feature tliat
you WOUW .iifire t<, i,r- contested for upon that
day. Hoi-lnie m heat from you at an early date
¦we are fraternally yours. • • .
. „,_„, I'- H. JIcCARTHT. Chairman.
A. DWEAU. Secretary
Nellie Hughes, residing at 112 Carl
street, fell from a Mission-street onr at
Third street last night and sustained a
fracture of the skull. She was taken to
the Receiving Hospital. She may die.
Fractured Her Skull.
His Honor's Joke.
Sam Bedford relates a good joke that
occurred at Calhoun this week In Judge
Owen's court. A case was on trial, and
thp Judge was being worried by a young
man who kept moving nbout In the rear of
tlio courtroom, lifting chairs and looking
under benches.
"Young man," Judge Owen called, "you
nre making a grent deal of unnecessary
noise. What are you about?"
"Vour Honor." replied the man. "T have
lost my overcoat nnd am trying to find it."
"Well." paid the Judge, "people often
lose whole suits in here without making
all that disturbance." — Owensboro In
quirer.
DOMHAT. July 15 — The rainfall In Ouzerat
is e.xvl and jirosi>octs have generally imi. roved.
Tlie <Tn|>s already sown will }<o Favetf.
PARIS, Jub' O.— The storm which befjan last
nicht continued to-day and effectually br"ke
thp riot spell, the longest and most severe that
1'aris hno i-ver known.
MANAGUA; Nicaragua. July 29.— The N'lca
r*gV<tl Government hits rccunsidfred Its de
cision not to exhibit at the Pan-Americaa Kx
position nnd commissioners vvtJI Lie aiijxjlnteii
to represent Nicaracua.
Ni:W YORK, tluly 23.— Th- body of Nellie
Blair, or O*le. the young woman who committed
suicide at the Presbyterian Hospital, on Friday,
was to-day hem la .St. Lou la on th<» order of
the deau girl's inotiicr. Mrs. Ogle of St. I»uis.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
The following scores were made by the
Swiss Rifle Club at Hgrbor View Park
yesterday:
IJullseye— Al. Ge.hrett, .T. Rohelbll, J.
Bachmann. Joseph Furrer. Eilward Lutes
Jr., J. Seeman. A. Morrotli. F. I-utes and
F. Baurngartner in the order Riven.
Medal— Champion class. Al. Gehret, 427;
first class. A. Von AVyl, 3.1H: second class.
J. Scheibli, 3S5: {bird class. Joseph Kur- \
rer. 321. I
Swiss Rifle Club.
Senator Fairbanks of Indiana Is expect
ed in the city Monday. He will confer
with the President, but will probably be
a guest at the home of Judge Day.
CANTON, Ohio, July 29.— President Mc-
Klnley attended services at the First
Methodist Church this morninp, where the
boys' vested choir of Wheeling rendered
special music. Rain during tho afternoon
kept the family In the house and greatly
reduced the number of calls. This even-
Ins the President and Mrs. ' McKJnley
were dinner guests of Judge and Mrs.
Day, together with Mr. and Mrs. W. A.
Lynch and Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Barber.
Few Callers at His Home,
PRESIDENT'S QUIET DAY.
Owing to the Storm There Were but
The Continental League at its last meet
ing adopted the following resolution com
plimentary to Congressman Julius Kahn:
Whereas. The members of the Continental
Learue desiring: to honor and show thrtr appre
ciation of the anility displayed and the manner
In which the Hnn. Julius Kahn has discharged
the duties placed upon him as representaUva of
the Fourth Congressional District;
Resolved, That we tender to our fellow mem
ber. Hon. Julius Kahn. a reception, to be siren
at Saratoga Hall, on Tuesday evening, August
7. 1300. an.l that the president appoint a com
mittee of three to make all necessary arrange
ments.
The president appointed, as such com
mittee Amos Currier, M. B. Woodworth
and Emlle- Nlemler.
Reception to Congressman TTaTiT^,
OVIEMYEH MAY RECOVER.
Has Three Pistol Bills in His Brai
VAILSBURG RACES
Owen Kimbk of Louisville Wins the
Ealf-IIile Professional.
NKW YORK. July ~<.-Vai!s!mrg bicy
cle races. Summaries:
Htlf-rr.ile. oj.en. professional- Won b» Owen
Kimbip. LxmiavUte; II H Krwnian. l'ortlan.J
Or.. fc-con<!; Frank Kranrer, Kast O-anjie
third; J. X. n^i.er, Chieaso, fourth Time!
3:00 4-;.
Unlimited rursult race— Won by R \ jj ( ._
Kaohern. Tonwilo. far.ada; UttOsMava 'Erie
eecoxtd; Bobby \Va!tt...ur. Atlanta, third Dis
tance, four Br.<i a b&'.t m\\rt. T!m<\ S:Xj.
Five-mile tuuMUvmp, amateur— Won i,y \v p
Watentmreer. N»-» v^rk <:>t> (scotch): J H
HuntT. :\<.-v.;irlc <:.(¦( t-.-«-uii.] • l>^-er Wil'sun'
a-ittFlmx-R (KCmtcfe). th!i.3: Floyd Kret* New
ark ttO). fourth. Time. 11:441-..
Two-mile hanfllc-p, profeselnaal— Won by
Krar.k Kramer. !;„« Orange <»rnii<-li); n u
Frpfinan. l'ortiar <J. Or. ";o>. F«-ond- It S Ir«»
lanrt. .Wwark C1 '). third: Ki-.il Titus New
Vcrk City UiO'. fourth. Time. i.iZ 1-0.
FIREMEN COMPLAIN.
Say They Are Being Overworked on
Big Engines of Great Northern.
ST. PACL, Minn.. July •*>.—Orand Mas
r-r SarR*-i:t of the order of Locomotive
Firemen was consulted here to-day by a
large commitu-e of firerm-n employed" on
The Croat Northern road. The liremen
re reported t.i have several grievances.
The principal grievance relates to al
egf-d overwork upon the "big" engines,
The officials in Immediate supervision of
uch ir.attcrs <1« r;ied thi* ••v.-ning that the
llremorj had any j;«;iiuine grievance. No
trouble uhatev«r had l»oen experienced
with the men. In any. event the objee
tlons rai^od ;ir.> lik"ty to be settled qui<-k
y. It is thought that Mr. Sargent's ad
vice op< ned the path for an immediate
adjustment, for he remained in town a
few hours only, and the committee that
ait«<j ujion him declared afterward that
t was anticipating no complications.
potter's !"•< Id l.ff ( ire daylight; There la |
considerable dispute about who killed the
decprraJo. acl th<- SOOO reward will prob- '
ab!y !>.¦ donated .finally to th^ fund started :
l>y the Mav..r for \\\* widows of the mur
dernd policemen.
Mayor Capdeville has rigidly enforced
his order to keep the saloons closed.
<;atl;n;r pun?, ar.d the citizens' police has
practi ally disbanded.
Th*- bod i- «f <"harle«? was buried In the
Ilangled Body of Robert Charles, the
Negro Desperado. Buried in
Potter's Field.
NEW ORI.F.ANS. July 29.— The city Is
very quiet. Nearly all of the 1500 militia
men l:av«? been relieved, a detail of twen
ty n>e t i being left at parish prison with
RIOTING CEASES
IN NEW ORLEANS
the college.
The body of the deceased lay in state
all day yesterday in the rooms of the Gen
tlemen's Sodality, and at the conclusion
of services last night the priests, scholas
tics, acolytes and prominent members of
the congregation marched downstairs and
bore the remains Into the church. The
scene, was an impressive one. The aco
lytes carried lighted candles and showed
the way to those who marched In solemn
procession to the altar rail. Prayers were
offered and the clergy and the acolytes
left the sanctuary. The congregation
then illed by and took a last look at the
dead priest.
The services this morning will be sim
ple and austere. The Archbishop will
honor his dead friend by celebrating |
mass, after which there will be solemn i
absolution. Rev. Father Kenna of Santa j
Clara College will conduct services at the
cemetery.
Archbishop Riordan Will Celebrate
Mass Over His Body in St.
Ignatius Church.
Archbishop Riordan will celebrate mass
over the remains of the late Rev. Father
Paul Raffo. S. J.. at 8 o'clock this morn
ing In St. Ignatius Church. After the ser
vices the body of the priest will bo taken
by train to Santa Clara and Interred In
the cemetery, which lies In the vicinity of I
REV. FATHER RAFFO TO
BE HONORED IN DEATH
WASHINGTON. July 29.— News was re
ceived here to-night of the death of Louis
Harvie Finney. private secretary to Sec
retary Long, at Warm Hprings, Va., to
day. He was a native of Virginia. He
had been private secretary to Assistant
Secretary Solely and to Secretary Her
bert.
Louis II. Finney.
WASHINGTON. July 29.— The War De
partment is Informed of the death at
Governors Island last night of typhoid j
fever of Captain John Little of the Sub- |
sistence Department. Captain Little wxui j
a native of Tennessee. He married a
niece of the late General Sherman.
Cantain John Little.
NEW YORK. July 29.— Edward E. Poor,
ex-president of the National Park IJank,
died to-day in Liverpool, nged 63 years.
He was senior member of the dry goods
commission firm of lvnny. Poor <fc Co. of
New York. Uoston and Chicago.
Edward E. Poor.
NEW YORK. July 29-Wllllam Kramer,
a millionaire real estate owner, founder
of the Atlantic Garden Music Hall, owner
of the Thalia Theater and one of the best
known Germans In New York, died to
day, aged 0»J years.
William Kramer.
BELOIT. Wis.. July 2>.-O. E. Mernil.
aged FO, founder of the paper making ma
chinery business in Iiclolt. died to-day.
O. E. Merrill.
NEW YORK. July 23.— Jose N. Recero.
president of the Chamber of Commerce of
Panama, died here to-day, aged 71 years.
MANASSAS.Va-.July 20.—Ex-Congress
man E. E. Meredith died at his home here
to-day.
Jose N. Jtecero.
E. E. Meredith.
The Day's Dead
WILL CALIFORNIA CAVALRY
BE ORDERED TO CHINA?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS. July 20.— Is Troop C of the
State militia to be drilled for active
t-prvice in China is a question which
has obtained much serious consid
eration here to-day. The troop in
full resalla and with complete equipments
for an extended campaign left this city
this afternoon amid the cheers of the
citizens.
The soldiers were told that their march,
which will take ten days, is one merely,
for practice drill, but from assertions
made by those who profess to know it
would seem .otherwise. It is true that the
cavalrymen expected to go into camp with
all tho State militia, but they were dis
appointed. Later they received orders to
nssemfcle and be prepared for a ten days'
outing. The troop for tho past three
years has been unmounted, but last week
many horses were procured for use of the
men, and to-day the full troop was in line,"
while commissary wagons were in readi
ness. Supplies have been arriving for sev-
eral days and the cavalrymen are not only
now fitted out with sabers but with car
bines, too.
Many of the troopers have been in the
volunteer regular service, therefore they
are ready for anything. When it was
hinted to-day that they might be called
out there was a universal satisfaction
among the men. Several United States
army officers were in this city last week
and purchased horses for service to be
shipped to San Francisco.
It ts now asserted that they were here
not only to procure mounts, but to in
vestigate the condition of Troop C. It is
said that several interviews -were had
with Captain Burke and the condition of
his men freely discussed. Tho troop is
camped to-nijrtit about twelve miles from
this city on the road to Hollister and will
do route march duty in a rough country
The men expect to go toHollIster. GH
roy. San Jose, Los Gatos. Roulder Creek
Santa Cruz and Watsonville^ returning
here on or about August 5.
Agnes Fried, soprano; Jeanette Lewis,
comedienne, and little Alma Wuthrich, a
clever child singer and dancer, will be
new at Fischer's Concert House to-night.
Mae Tunlson. tlie soprano who made such
a hit last week, will change her selections,
and Dcets and Don will present a new act.
• • •
The Chutes announce an interesting bill
for this week. Lord and Rowe. comedians,
and Martin and Ridgeway, pantom'lmlsts,
will be seen for the first time" on this
coast. Roggs and Haeward will present
a new sketch entitled "A Lightning
Strike," and the holdovers are La Llsta,
William Howard, the lion act and new
movins pictures.
, —•-.
Sequoia's Anniversary.
Sequoia Parlor, N. S. G. W., will cele
brate Its tenth anniversary by a banquet
Tuesday evening. Nearly every member
has signified his intention of beln? present
and from the programme prepared an.l
the enthusiasm displayed by both tne
original charter members and those who
have Joined later It will be an event long
to be remembered by those participating.
Sequoia Parlor had its birth during th«
days preceding the great celebration of
1S00. The committee having charge of tne
arrangements is composed of Dr. E. V.
Donnelly, chairman; O. W. Yost. L. C.
Plstolesi. James li. Tyson. I? T. Sens-,
tacken, W. P. Johnson and 1*.. D. Bartun.
Florence Roberts, supported by White
WhiUlesey. will appear this week In "Ro
meo and Juliet" at the Alcazar Theater.
The management promises something ex
ceptional in the stage setting through
tlveir poetic press agent — a "grotesque
mounting and artistic dressing"— which
sounds attractive.
"The Great Ruby" will be performed for
the last time this evening. The entire
auditorium has been taken by the Wood
men of the World who will enjoy a mo
nopoly of the thrilling melodrama.
"The Red Lamp," a Beerbohm Tree suc
cess, will be presented to-morrow even-
Ing for the first time in this chy. with
Wilton Lackaye in the role of Demetrius,
chief of the Russian detective staff.' Keith
Wakeman will appear as the Princess
Claudia.
"Aida" alternates with "Lucia" this
week, and the cast for "Lucia" Is as fol
lows: Lucia. SIgnora Repetto; Edgar,
Slgnor Russo: Ashton, Slgnor Ferrari;
Raymond. Slgnor NicoIinJ. The chorus
and orchestra will be enlarged for the
grand opera season. „ '--
It is strongly desired by the manage
ment that patrons shall be seated each
evening by S o'clock in justice to the sing
ers, as the performance will begin prompt
ly at that hour.
To-night's cast for "Alda" includes
Anna Lichter as Aida: Amneris, Frances
Graham; Kadames, Signer Avedano;
Amonraso, Signer Salassa; Ramphis. Sig
nor Nicollni; King, William Schuster.
With this evening's performance of
"Alda" at the Tivoli Opera-house begins
the annual season of grand opera. It was
generally admitted that the Tivoli's last
eeason of grand opera was the best ever
attempted at the popular little theater,
but, with the names found on this years
list of artists, every previous effort will
certainly be outdone.
Mr. Miller also announces the third
Burton Holmes lecture on Thursday aft
ernoon next at the Columbia Theater,
with subject "Round About Paris."
"His Excellency the Governor" Mr. Miller
was resting, and It is cordially hoped that
his voice and throat recovered their usual
tone during the needed rest.
The favorite "Heartsease" will be next
week's bill.
Henry Miller will appear this week In
"Brother Officers," the comedy drama by
Lee Trevor, which was presented here
with such success last season. During
Mr. and Mrs. John Mason gave a gra
cious and refined rendering of a pretty
comedy, "A Loving Legacy." The Nich
ols sisters gave amusing black-fac©
sketches, and the St. Onge brothers did
wonders on the wheel. The American bio
graph ends an attractive bill
"lightning changes" are made with un
paralleled alacrity from morning dress to
a yachtsman's afternoon neglige, and from
that to what the lady novelists call'fault
less evening dress. Her voice is good, her
songs clever, her wardrobe apparently by
Poole and her walk and "business" manly
to a turn.
The Orpheum has another excellent
menu this week. Zelma Rawlston. tlie
male Impersonator, made a great hit. Her
Dunne and Ryley's. . Her singing gave
much pleasure, and when she learns to
breathe, a future with a big "F" may be
prophesied for her.
Fischer's, is a new engagement with tht
better voice and style than we have yet
heard from her, the "Japanese Baby."
Isabel Underwood, the recent favorite at
Orpheum. in the line of male impersona
tion, so different are they, and both so
good. Norma Whalley looked even more
fetching than usual in Paris gowns, and
one from Worth of Japan, and sang in
¦—HE Dunne and Ryley company at
Ox the California Theater have revived
this week the amusing vaudeville
operetta '"By the Sad Sea Waves. '
It is, of course, plotless and of
kaleidoscopic architecture, but the songs
are bright, the specialties amusing, and
the fun clean and wholesome.
Mary' Marble, as Sis Hopkins, is a Joy
forever. Her song, the "Hoo-do-doo-do
Man." was given with no less than an
exquisite intuition of the composer's in
tention in the charmins little sketch. The
bathing duet with Mr. Matthews was
prettily given, and — it was certainly Mias
Mary's turn last evening— the "Yankee
Reuben Glue" song gave much pleasure.
It is interesting, by the way. to compare
the work of this'clever actress with that
of Miss Zelma Rawlaton. now at the
AT THE THEATERS
Exciting and Interesting Matches
Played During the Closing Days
of the Week.
Many tennis matches were played at the
California Club courts during the past
week. George Whitney beat W. B. Col
lier Jr.. C— 1. 7—5, 6 — i. Walter MeGavin
beat Johnson. 6—3. 6—3, 4—3, and J. A.
Code, 6—4. 7-5, 6—1.
Judge Troutt bent Judge Hunt. C — 4. 4 — 6.
'•6— 2. 6—2. J. D. MeGavin made his appear
ance after an absence of two months and
beat Grant Smith in clever style, 8—6.
Bishop Moreland beat Dick Erskine.
C — I. 9—7, 6— 2. Joe Daily beat Judge Hunt,
0—2, 6—3. Al Rosenberg beat \V. Stauf.
7—5. Paul Jones and Jack O'Brien playeu
a tie. 10—10. Mr. Beuret beat Percy Kahn,
6 — i. McLean beat Bricca, G — J. &— 3. 5—7.
A clever exhibition In doubles was
Riven by George Whitney and H. W.
Crowell vs. Robert Whitney and Rich
Nicholson of Oakland. George Whitney
nnd his partner won the first two sets.
6—2, 6—4. The next two fell to Nicholson
and Robert Whitney. 6—2, 6—2. John
O'Brien and Percy Kahn beat Erskine
and Hilt, ft— 2, C— 3. 6—1. 4— fi. George Wliit
ney and Croweil beat Drummond MeGav
in and Dr. C. U» Root, 6—3. 4-6. 6—3. V.
Jones and Kahn beat O'Brien and Ers
kine. 6—2. 6—3. 3— fi. W\ n. Collier Jr. de
feated P.ich Nicholson, 7—5. C—i. 2—6, C—3.
J. A. Code defeated Al Rosenberg, 6—4,
4—4. R. Erskine beat Kuehn. 6-4. M.
Johnson and Collier played a t'e match.
6-^4; 3 — C. Al Rosenberg beat Dr. Lane,
6—2, 6—3, 6—3. Professor Daily beat
Worthington, 6-1. 6-2-, 6—1, 6-1. Collier
beat Crowell, 6—1, 7—5, 6—2. Mayhew beat
Kuehn. 6 — I, 6—2, 6 — 2.
Robert Whitney defeated J. A. Code,
6—4, 7—5. 6—1. Grant Smith beat Collier,
6 — t. 6 — «, fi—4. 6—4.
At the doubles handicap on the courts
of the Eastland Tennis Club, in Mill Val
ley, Floyd Judah and Max Rosenfeld de
feated A. Smith and Will Kingwell in a
five-set match. 6 — 4. 7—5. 3—6, 5—7, 10-rS.
RACQUET-WIELDERS KEPT
ACTIVE ON MANY COURTS
The operations have been hampered by
bad wr.'Uher, tluindt-rFtnrms and deluges
<>f rain. aronnj[>a.ni«'d by intense cold.
Lieutenant MacL-urea and three High
landers have died of exposure, and many
Lorses nnd rattle have jierished.
General I»eiarey Is besieging General
Iladen-Powell at Rustenburg. In Western
Transvaal. Tho relief force sent to Gen
eral Uaden-Powell's assistance, under
Colonel Hii-ktnan. proved too weak to be
*>ff<-ctlve ai-.d was obliged to fall back
tin Pretoria,
Commandant General Botha, With sever
al th-iusaj.d LJoers. like General Chris
tian L»ewet. has thus far eluded General
Roberts' grasp.
Pretoria to!»gTair:s announce that Lord
Robert* haj? returned there with his staiT.
apparently fii.dmj; it useless to spend his
• tiergic-s a^ai::j=t a constantly retreating
foe.
LONDON. July 29.— A dispatch from
Fouric-sfourg-. dated July 27. shows that
ih« capture of l-'ouriesburg- wa_s preceded
\>y heavy fighting to force a passage of
tr.e passes which were stubbornly cor.
tested fur two days. General Hunter**
force* had the hardest work in forcing
Belief N<rk, his casualties amounting to
about 100.
I'pward of COW Boers, with a very large
Dumber of B'-eont, a large quantity ui
Ktorefl a:i<l many cattle, have been driven
into the mountain passes, where they arc
watched by British troops. Their escape
i'rom that ;->oir.t will be very difficult.
Genera.1 French has occupied Middl:
l'urg. in t!ie Transvaal, ar.d General l J oK-
Carew, with the guards brigade, has ar
rived at liruKspruit. twenty miles west
«jf MJdrfi.-l.uiK.
The War Office haj? received a dispatch
from J>>rii Huberts explaining that only
one tram was captured on the night of
July £1 between Kroonstad and the Vau!
f.na that it contained supplies and two
officers and ltw raea of the Welsh Fuii
leers.
fperi*! Cable to th* N>w York HfraJd. Copy
right. IW9. ty New York Herald I*ublish!ns
• ¦on-.r'iariy.' Ke publication of this dispatch is
j ri-wtibUtfd. All rights reserved in the
United States and Great Britain.
Church, Brooklyn, Is dangerously ill in a
private sanitarium in Brooklyn and his
recovery is doubtful. His condition Is the
result of being thrown from his bicycle
on Brooklyn bridge about six weeks ago.
TOLEDO, Ohio, July 29.— Ten people
wore injured, one fatally and two serious
ly, in a street car accident here to-night.
Tlie injured: Mrs. Ott, face and neck
I terribly burned, may be fatal; Miss Ott,
foot, hands, hair and face burned, very
serious; Miss J.ida. llartzell, face burned,
neck and arms bruised, very serious; Miss
Lizzie Kuhlman. badly bruised on arms
from falling from car: Miss Sophia Kuhl
1 man, chin badly burned and arms bruised;
Miss Abbie Ruepa, face scratched, arms
.sprained, slightly burned and limbs
bruised; Miss Mary Gouslln. head slightly
bunii'il, head, face and arms bruised and
burned; James Myers, burned about face I
and hands. • I
The injured were taken Into adjacent
drugstores and physicians' olllces and
tht-lr injuries tared for until tliey could
Le taken home.
The accident was a peculiar one. It
resulted from an explosion that happened
nr> one seems to know exactly how. The
car had just reached Twenty-second
street when a blinding (lash of electricity,
followed by a cloud of smoke and exits
of injured passengers as they were tum
bled into the street, attracted the atten
tion of belated passers-by. The injuries
are of such a character that they are in
every instance extremely painful.
The car was provided -with the usual
two light circuits, but the crew are of tho
opinion that during yesterday's storm
lightning struck the short circuit and cut
it out. This left but one circuit unpro
tected -with the connecting wires subject
to a cut out or an overcharge of elec
tricity. Just how the explosion occurred
la not known, but the circuit fuse blew
out with a crash, the car was Instantly
tilled with the lurid Hashes of the aubtle
electric fluid, and cries of pain and os
tonishment were followed by men and
women falling over each other out of the
car. i
Killed His Wife.
OWASSA, Iowa. July 29.- In a jealous
rage. Otto Pennlngton to-day shot and
killed his wife in the presence of their two
children and several members of Mrs. ,
l'cnnington's family, and was only pre- .
vented from taking the lives of all thoso '
about him after a severe struggle. The '
tragedy was a sequel to a long story of !
domestic unhappiness. Pennlngtoii es- >
caped. ;
F*ev. Horace Porter 111.
NEW YORK, July 29.—Rev. Horace Por
ter, first assistant pastor of Plymouth :
STREET CAR WRECKED
BY. AN EXPLOSION
Some say It was a man in uniform who
threw the cigarette, but an eye-witness
declares it was a small boy.
Private Ruppert stood facing the gun,
ramrod In hand. Balsley also faced the
B nn, while a number of soldiers and civi
lians were gathered around, despite the
commands of the officers in command to
keep back. Suddenly some one uttered
the words. •'Watch them scatter." There
was a flash of powder on the ground, the
names were communicated to the powder
which was to be fired in the cannon, and
the gun was discharged.
Tho ramrod was broken and phot from
the cannon and Balsley and Ruppert's
clothes blown from their bodies, which
were blackened with powder. The others
staggered back, burned and blinded.
The wounded were taken i to the hospi
tals.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. July 20. — Ten per
sons were injured, two fatally, by the pre
mature discharge of the evening gun at
the National Guard Encampment, Camp
Lincoln, this evening. The explosion was
caused by some one throwing a lighted
cigarette into powder which had fallen
to the ground. The accident occurred in
the presence of a large crowd of visitors
to camp. The injured:
Private Jesse Ruppert; Battery A, head,
client, arms and leg terribly burned; arm
broken and hand partially shot away; will
Corporal Charles Balsley, Battery A,
face, breast and arms badly burned, left
arm broken and chest torn and entire
body a mass of bruis=e#; will die.
Private Edward Smoot, Battery A, face
badly burned.
Private Charles Sharp, signal corps,
face and hands tilled with powder, injuries
serious. - .
Harry Kebeler, civilian, face, hands and
body badly burned; may lose eyesight.
Chester "Hunt, face painfully burned.
Private Albert Stevens, Battery A. face
and hands burned.
Private Gritton. Battery A. hands and
face scorched.
Sergeant Schroder, Battery A. face
burned.
Harry Peters, civilian, face burned.
Several others, names not learned, were
slightly injured.
Corporal Balsley and Jesse Ruppert.
acting quartermaster, were loading the
evening «un, iissisted by several men of
Battery A. A sack of powder was placed
in the "mouth of the cannon and Ruppert
was about to drive the charge home. The
powder sack was too long for the gun
ami in forcing it into the cannon the cah
vaa was torn, some of the powder falling
to the ground just below the muzzle of
the cannon
Lighted Cigarette Thrown Into a
Quantity of Powder Causes Ex
plosion Which Cost
Two Lives.
Disaster Attends the Firing
of the Evening
Gun.
MANY INJURED
AT THE CAMP OF
ILLINOIS GUARD
"Attorney I... C. Boyle, who is prose
cuting the case, refuses to make a state
ment to-night, hut promises startling de
velopments in the near future."
The Journal to-morrow will say: "Later
developments In the alleged embezzlement
of K. L. Swazey Indicate that he has been
operating on u much larger scale than
was at first supposed, and that the al
leged fraud may run up into the hundreds
of thousands. Stockmen and others who
know the status of the case comparative
ly well say that other warrants will fol
low if Swazey is taken.
Accordtng to a report from the oRlce of
the Hankers' and Cattlemen's Protective
Association. Swazey's irregularities ap
proximate $70,000. Until the time of Its
llnancial collapse three months ago Mr.
Swazey was a member of the local com
mission firm of Ladd. Penny & Swazey.
The firm did a general cattle commission
business at the stockyards. The loss is
said to be generally distributed among
the banks, some of them In the East, so
that it is not heavy to any one person or
concern. Swazey is well known in Kan
sas City and through the eattle region
west of here, having been In the business
for many years. He is said to be on
board the steamer Hermasse sailing for
Buenos Ayres, having gone on board July
5. just two hours ahead of Detective
Kirk, who followed him from Kansas
City to New York, armed with a warrant
which was issued by the authorities here.
KANSAS CITY. July 29.-A warrant has
been issued for the arrest of Edward L.
Stvazey, a well-known cattle man, charg
ing him with Intent to cheat and defraud
In selling the Third National Bank of
Springfield. Mass., a mortgage of $72S3 on
729 head of cattle owned by J. H. Kenny
of Hemphill County, Texas. It Is alleged
that Swazey represented that the mort
gage was a ilrst lien, whereas It was a
second lien. If true the operation Is Iden
tical with those pursued by Grant Glllett.
the Kansas plunger, who remortgaged
cattle ft the amount of over $1,009,000.
Glllett crossed to Old Mexico, where he
has since resided.
Accused of Having Misrepresented
Value of Mortgages and Reaped
a Harvest Running Into
Thousands.
Well-Known Cattle Dealer
Charged With Em
bezzlement.
WARRANTS FOR
THE ARREST OF
EDWARD SWAZEY
The Dawson miners brought news that the Lightning, the steamer on which they came up the Yukon, passed the
wreck on the river steamer Florence S.. which was upside down and fast breaking up. Purser Maltby and Mrs. Stewart
and her daughter, passengers on the steamer, had been drowned. Much gold was lost.
An Investigation made into the smallpox epidemic at Dawson has revealed the fact that the disease was taken to
Dawson by a miner who went up from White Horse on a scow. When he arrived at Dawson he was taken to the
Good Samaritan Hospital, but the fact was not then known that he, had the smallpox and he was placed in a ward
with others. Soon after three other men were ill with the disease. They have all been put on a floating pesthouse and
a strict quarantine la being enforced.
A fourth body has been found In the Yukon near Selkirk, bearing bullet wounds, as did the other three victim? of
last winter's trail" murders. The remains, it is believed, are those of Graves, the partner of the accused murderer,
George O'Brien, now awaiting trial at Dawson." •
J. H Bromly. engineer of the Nirarod group at Atlln. arrived on the Danube. He brought the first gold brick
given by anv of t"he quartz properties there. It was from t-ord Hamilton's property and weighed twenty-eight cunces.
There is much complaint at Skaguay owing to the fact that the Canadians are refusing to bond American liquor
through their territory. A Skaguay business man said at a Board of Trade meeting there: "Why does the United
States grant the Canadians prlville.es that injure American trade and that Canada refuses to our merchants? Is it be
cause we fear them? Or do we owe them any such advantage? Did the Skaguay pioneers make sufficient money
during the few months that the Americans had full swing in the interior to last them a lifetime? If something is not
done to repair or regain that which our Government- has surrendered, Skaguay will cease to be as Important as a
watering tank erected on a desert for the benefit of an engine."
Plato Monti"", representing the Department of Justice at Washington. P. C-, has gone to Eagle to investigate
the situation there. O. 1-- Snaulding, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, is al«o expected at Skaguay.
Late advices from the interior regarding the new American camps north of the Klondike are nearly all to the ef
fect that Kovokuk is nothing extraordinary and worthy of little, attention, while the Tanana country promises to be a
e-oorf producer The old town of Circle has grown lively again under the excitement over the Tanana tleld. which lies
125 miles back of the town. There are 550 people In Circle, and business Is flourishing In the place.
Loque brothers, other rich miners, brouatu $25,000.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 29.— Eight million dollars in grold has already been sent up the Yukon River from Dawson
to White Horse for transport by railway to Skaguay and many more millions are to come. This is the report
brought by the steamer Danube, which arrived from Skaguay to-day, and the figures given are those of the
railway office at White Horse. The rjchest shipments mentioned in tho railway report were 'as follows:
Thomas Llppy. $230,000; Canadian Bank of Commerce. $1,750,000: Bank of British North America. $500,000; Peter
eon & Larsen. S4S.090: Berry Bros.. $120,000; H. E. Crompton, $20,000; John Englehardt. $32,000; Harry AlcCulloch and H.
McCord. $03,000; S. Archibald. $40,000. '
The Danube brought a number of Klondikera and about Jir.0,000 in gold. The richest miners were Mr. and Mrs. S.
Archibald, who landed a tin box which required two deckhands to carry ashore. It contained $40,000 In gold dust. The
Special Dispatch to the CalL
Come.
Eight flMHons In Yellow Noggets and Best Already
Shipped and More Millions to
GOLDEN STREAM POURING
OUT FROM THE KLONDIKE
Mr. Croffut said that Senator Welling
ton had not become Democratic in any
sense and he doubted if the Senator
adopted the principles of the Chicago
platform.
CUMBERLAND. Md.. July V. 1900-1 shall
be glad to go to Indianapolis to attend the Lib
erty Congress on August 15 If health and other
matters will permit. At present I am feeling
very bad, but will make every effort to be pres
ent with our friends on the occasion abova re
ferred to.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. July 29.—Sen
ator George L. Wellington will, his
friends here affirm, take the stump thi3
fall for Bryan and against President Me-
Kinley. His reason for leaving the Re
publican party is that he is irreconclliably
opposed to imperialism, to which he be
lieves the party has committed Itself.
W. A. Croffut of this city, who cast his
first vote for Lincoln and every successive
vote save one for the Republican nominee,
but who is now alienated from his party
because of its Imperialistic views, aa he
considers them, said to-night:
"I saw Senator Wellington a few days
ago in this city and talked over the politi
cal situation with him. I asked him if he
wffs with us and he replied 'Yes, I am with
you. I am with any one who is trying to
defeat the conversion of this country into
an imperialistic republic. I will do any
thing in my power to defeat President
McKinley and the Republican ticket this
fall. I will take the stump against him
and make as many speeches as my heaith
will permit.' "
A letter from Senator Wellington to Mr.
Croffut reads as follows:
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Gives as His Eeason the Action of
the Kepublican Party in Com
mitting Itself to Im
perialism.
Maryland Senator to Make
Speeches Supporting
Bryan.
WELLINGTON
DESERTS TO
DEMOCRACY
"I see he is sitting in a box." she said
with a gracetul wave of her hand toward
I the place where Jones was sitting. "Ha
smiled at me. but 1 did not respond to his
mirthful RreetinK. I have smiles for
other members of the company."
And to prove her assertion she beamed
and showed her pearly teeth to the scene*
shifter, the fireman and the mock police
man, who were standing near. Despite
i her statement that she did not car©
i whether Joney was elsewhere or not. it
la certain that his presence in the theater
last evening had a distressing effect on
the pretty actress. In the language of tha
profession, she was "rattled." She at
tributed her nervousness to "first night"
I and fatigue from rehearsing all day. but
j it was plainly seen that she would have
been happier had Waiter been in tho
windy city with his promised bride.
Miss Whalley shook her "bang" and
said that she could never be reconciled to
Mr. Jones. She pouted at the mere men
tion of bis name and took a glass of water
as if to remove the bad taste it had left
in her mouth. Her mother, an English
woman of refinement, rejoined her daugh
ter on Saturday night and now Miss
Nnrma has a stern chaperon to keep tha
"Johnnies" from bothering her. Mrs.
, Whalley disclaimed having come from
London to protect her' daughter from
Jones, hut is willing to admit there has
been "Too Much Jones" in connection with
her daughter's name.
"If the newspapers want a sensation.'*
exclaimed Jones. "I will furnish it by
jumping off the Cliff House and fight with
the seals, but for pity's sake don't coupla
my name with Miss Whalley. There was
never anything between us. I have been
engaged to an estimable lady in Chicago,
and these continued stories in the news
papers have created no end of trouble for
me in that quarter. It was absolutely
necessary for me to go to the- windy city
to see my Intended and prove that the
stories were untrue. I returned here at
the request of Mr. Dunne and will fulfill
the contract I made with him. These con
tinued stories have a depressing effect
not only on Miss AVhalley but myself, and
I hope they are discontinued — at least un
til after I am married."
Mr. Jor.es is engaged to a Miss Ptzlaifer
of Chicago, and he carries her picture In '
a golden locket. He is not ready to state
the date of their nuptials, but promises to
do so in proper season.
As for Miss Whalley ar.d himself? "Well.
it is all off between them.
Mr. Jones returned from Chicago yes
terday after an absence of nearly threa
weeks. He came at the request of John
W. Dunne, manager of the "all-star com
pany" now playing at the California. His
coming was expected by Miss Whalley.
but she cared not. Her engagement with,
the all-star aggregation will run on de
spite his presence. S..e will sing her way
into the hearts of the theatergoers and
bewitch every one with her smiles but
"Walter. Jones will play a prominent part
in a Fourth of July farce, which is ex
pected to create explosions of laughter
and firecracker applause when it is pre
sented, a week from Sunday evening next.
Jones wants to play the part of the ica
man *n the new piece, bo that he can de
liver large chunks of frosteu water to tna
lady who "trew him down."
Miss Whalley was besieged with cards
from members of the press, who were
anxious to learn her true feelings toward
her late partner in vaudeville. It did not
take her an instant to let her Interview
era know that Walter was persona, non
grata with her. She said 8he looked upon
him as a bad penny— always turning up.
She also said other nice things about
him.
Mr. Jones sat in a box at the opening
performance of "By the Sad Sea Waves"
and smiled sweetly at beautiful Norma,
but alack and alas, she had no smile for
him'. She looked straight over his curly
locks and into vacancy. Had she smiled
there might have been a reconciliation,
and the curtain might have dropped
swiftly on the finish of a pathetic theat
rical drama. Miss Whalley had smiles
for everybody but Walter. For him there
was only a frosty stare, that would hava
chilled him had be not been attired in,
heavy woolens.
They do not speak as they pass by. nor
will they address each other when they
again trod the boards together in tha
glare of the footlights, nor as they brush
shoulders In the wings. Both are angry.
and nothing will ever unite them in the
bonds of good fellowship again. It is a
sad story, that can only be told to "chills
and fever" music.
"Cut her out," -aras debonair Walter
Jones' admonition to his Interviewers im
mediately after the performance.
"I don't care whether Walter Jones ts In
Timbuctoo or any other place." declared
pretty Xorraa Whalley as she stood in th»
wings of the California Theater last night.
The Comedian Returns From Chicago
and Watches His Erstwhile Vau
deville Partner Portray a
'•Japanese Baby." , r jjg
The Pretty Comedienne Is
Still at Outs With the
Clever Actor.
NORMA WHALLEY
SMILED NOT AT
WALTER JOIES
"The Thirty-third has wounded and pos
sibly killed Aguinaldo. He had gathered
up the guerrilla bands to the number of
about 800 men when the Thirty-third was
ordered after him. His force tried to scat
ter, but too late. We hit them in several
i-mall parties. ARuirialtio and his special
bod3"gu;ird of six men wore fired upon at
&X) yards' range while they were running
like sixty, he riding a big gray American
horse. The soldier was killed and he him
self badly wounded in the body (it is since
learned*, leaving a trail of blood as he
was carried off. All liis private papers
were captured, incriminating several
native priests and rich natives who were
furnishing him with guns and ammuni
tion, as well as Information regarding the
movements of the United Slates troops.
Our men were now exhausted, having
been over three weeks on the trail with
forced marches and very little to eat The
rocks had worn out half the shoes of the
command and the regiment returned."
HENDERSON. Ky.. July & — First
Lieutenant John Wilbur Ward of the
Thirty-third Infantry, now in the Philip
pines, which regiment was engaged in the
chase of Aguinaldo. has written a letter
to his father here under date of Cabugao,
June 14. in which he savs:
AGUINALDO SAID TO
BE MORTALLY WOUNDED
Scnor Paterno, foreseeing the suspen
sion of the banquet without the Ameri
cans, frantically appealed to them to at
tend, promising that there should be no
speeches.*
The provosts' precautions wore extreme.
The puards were doubled both days and
the authorities forbade the display of
Kilipmo Hags and of pictures of President
McKlniey and Aguinaldo fraternally
framed.
The liesta i.« generally considered to
have been premature ami unfortunate.
MANILA, July 29 (edited by censor).—
During last work's scouflng ten Ameri
cans wore killed iind fourteen wuunueJ.
One hundred and e:ghiy Filipinos were
killed and sixty taken prisoners. Forty
insurgent riiies were captured.
Tiie two days' no.-ia m Manila, organ
ized by Senor Paterno and his politicaj
followers to commemorate the amnesty,
resulted in a liasco. The people were pas
sive, ui:ciithusia.st]C and not even inter
ested.
Failing- to perceive any tangible, effect
ive reruns oi amnesty, they say tney can
s*t no reason for celebrating.
Judge Taft and his colleagues of the
commission felt cons-trained 10 decline to
attend the banquet, as they had been in
formed that the speeches would favor in
dependence under American protection,
and they could not passively lend their
acquiescence by being present.
T\ro Days' Fiesta in Manila Organ
ized by Senor Paterno to Com
memorate the Amnesty a
Flat Failure.
Ten American Soldiers
Killed and Fourteen
Wounded.
CASUALTIES OF
THE WEEK IN
PHILIPPINES
CAPE TOWN, July
30 —Genera Prinslco,
with 5000 Boer sol
diers, has surrendered
unconditional y to the
British.
LONDON, July 30.— The
Daily Telegraph prints the
following from its correspon
dent:
"LOUHENZO MARQUEZ,
July 27. — A big fight is ex
pected to-morrow, when,
should the Boers be beaten,
President Xruger will trek
through Swaziland, to Delagoa
Bay and take a steamer to
Europe/'
Capture of K«lief Nek by Hunter's
Forces Accomplished at a
Cost of a Hundred
3£en.
General Prinsloo Surrenders
Unconditionally to the
British.
FIVE THOUSAND
BOERS GIVE UP
THE STRUGGLE
THE SAN FEANGTSGO CALL, MONDAY, JTTLY SO, Viuou.
HUNTINCTON. W. Va.. July T>.-Om thou- I
*an<J rr.incm In th» Davy coal fields trill to-mor
row be granted 10 p*r cent increase la their I
4
The hlphest point at which flowerlni?
plants have been found was in Tibet,
19.200 feet or higher.
POPULAR PRICES.
LADIES' PATITNT LEATHER LACE SHOES.
plain tees. I*XV and plain heels 93.0O
LAPIKS' BLACK KID OXFOUDS. LXV and
plain heels II.5O to *5.OO
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER OXFOKDS
LXV he«!s *I.OO $3.0O
LADIES' TAN OXFORDS, full assortment....
91^3 to 93.OO
MEN'S TAN and BLACK VICI KID LACE
SHOES $3.50 35.00
MEN-S TAX and PATENT LEATHER OX-
FORDS *4.OO 93.OO
...OP...
FINE
SUMMER
SHOES!
Another New Invoice
JUST RECEIVED-
The official estimate of the mineral
wealth of Siberia -would indicate that this
country is, minerally speaking-, one of tha
richest In the world.
830-832-834 MARKET ST., S. F.ODD FELLOWS HOLD
MEMORIAL SERVICES
OAKLAND, July 29.— Memorial services
¦*-ere held to-day at the First Methodist
Church by the Odd Fellows and Rebekah
Degree lodges of Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley. Many hundred members of the
fraternity took part In the impressive
services. The programme Included vocal
and instrumental music of high order,
with appropriate ceremonial and eulogis
tic addresses. After the opening: music
Rev E R. Dllle delivered an invocation.
Jam'es Fowler, noble grand of Encinal
Lodge No. 164 of Alameda conducted the
formal opening exercises. L. Lorenzon
called the roll of the dead brethren. Fred
V Wood delivering the eulogy. The roll
call of the Rebekah dead was read by F*.
Alberta Llttlefleld, Mary E. Donoho giv
ing the address, "in Memoriam." The
memorial oration was delivered by
Charles A. Sumner. preceded by Frank
L Gove, who read the names of all the
deceased members. The closing exercises
were bv A. A. Reiser, noble grand of Por
ter-Lodge No. 272. Rev. Dr. Dille pro
nounced the benediction.
Those who took part in the musical
numbers were . Mrs. George F. ¦ Wastell,
organist: George H. Carlton. Ben Clark.
Alfred Wllkie. A. C. Read,' Miss Edythe
Q. Parlser and Mrs. Charles T. Poulter.
O. J. Woodward, a banker of Fresno, is
stopping at the Lick.
T. G. Yancey. a merchant of Newman,
is stopping at the Lick.
Colonel Park Henshaw of Chlco^is a
guest at the Occidental.
D. Harmon, a prominent mine owner of
Nevada City. Is a guest of the Lick.
C. R. TIHson. a merchant of Modesto, Is
In the city and registered at the Lick.
W. C. Tygh and wife, well known peo
ple of Madera, are stopping at the Lick.
M. P. Stein, a prominent citizen of
Stockton, and Mrs. Stein, are registered
at the California.
N. O. Bradley, one of Fresno's best
known attorneys, is registered at the
Lick.
Joseph Mflczcr. one of the most prom
inent wine merchants of Los Angeles, Is
a guest of the Palace.
H. R. Belknap of the Paymaster's De
partment, U. S. A., Is in the city on his
way to the Orient. He Is accompanied
by his wife.
F. Beaudry and family of Weavervill»
have returned from a trip abroad. They
vtelted the Paris Exposition and are now
stopping at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Edwards returned
yesterday from a trip around the world.
They were absent eighteen months and
thoroughly enjoyed themselves.
T. B. "Walker, a lumber kin? of Minne
apolis, Is at the Occidental. He Is here
on a trip combining business and pleas
ure, and Is accompanied by his family.
W. S. Kennedy, a wealthy young man
from Covington, Ky., Is viewing the
Western country and has Just returned
from an extended trip through Alaska.
Ho U at tfc« Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Cricket at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. July 29.— The Pacifies
won the cricket pame with the Country
Club team to-day.
RESCUES A CHILD
IN PERIL OF DEATH
Coolness and Bravery oi F. H. de Pue
Saves the Life of a San Francis
can's Son at Point San Pedro.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 29.-A sensational
rescue of a child in a runaway team was
effected by P. H. de Pue of this city to
day at Point San Pedro.
This morning John Kerrigan of San
Francisco, accompanied b^ his small son,
procured a buggy and a span of horses
from a local stable and drove to Point
San Pedro. When about to start for home
this afternoon the team took fright and
made a plunge, throwing Mr. Kerrigan
out and leaving his son in the buggy. '1 he
horses commenced to run and soon settled
down to a furious gait along the narrow
K H de Pue. who was at the point with
a four-in-hand, saw the child's danger,
and lashing his four horses to a run he
came behind the runaway team, and as
thev crossed a small flat he cut around in
front of them and caused them to stop.
Had the runaway proceeded a hundred
vards further it is probable that the boy
and horses would have met their death
over a steep embankment on a sharp bend
In the road. A large number of people
congratulated Mr. de Pue on his quick
action and splendid horsemanship.
CONGRESS OF REFORM
AT PACIFIC GROVE
.California Woman's Christian ~ Tem
perance Union Begins an In
teresting Session.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 23.-A congress
of reform was opened in this city to-day
under the auspices of the California
Woman's Christian Temperance Union. It
will continue one week. The following re
forms will be discussed and plans for
promulgating them will be formulated:
"Moral Reform." "Temperance Reform,"
"Social Reform." •"Political Reform,"
"Legal Reform."
Mrs. B. Sturtevant-Peet of San Fran
cisco, president of the California W. C. T.
U., will preside over the congress.
TWIN LAKES BAPTIST ;
ASSEMBLY CONVENES
Grand Sunday-School Bally Is the
Feature of the First I>ay's
Proceedings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. July 20»—The Twin
Lakes Baptist Assembly convened to-day
at the auditorium at Twin Lakes.
The service to-day was in the nature of
a Sunday-school rally. At 10 o'clock all
gathered and a regular Sunday-school ses
sion was held. At 11 o'clock there were
two addresses. D. P. "Ward. State Sun
dav-school missionary, spoke of "The
Nineteenth Century and Sunday-school
Work." and the Rev. A. B. Banks, D.D..
of Sacramento gave an address on "The
Twentletn Century and Sunday-school
Work."
There was a grand rally In the after
noon and in the evening. The topic under
discussion was "Sunday-school Evansrel
ism." the speakers being the Rev. Georjre
E. Dye of Willows and the Rev. S. J.
Mumm of San Jose. To-morrow the reeu
lar work of the assembly will be com
menced, j- *-;- -¦ --." •
Almond Crop Sale in Contra Costa.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
ANTIOCH, July 29.—The Johnson-Locke
Mercantile Company of San Francisco
yesterday bought that portion of the al
mond crop of Eastern Contra Costa
County that Is controlled by the Contra
Costa Almond Growers' Association. Bid
ders from all over the world were active
competitors for the crop, and there were
some close bids. The crop will bring
about $60,000. The price at which suc
cessful bidders bid averaged 12H cents per
pound.
TAKING QUALITIES
OF THE LODI BRADYS
They Carry Off All the Household
Effects of an Italian Rancher,
Including a Hot Stove.
Special Disratch to The Call
LODI. July 29.— As was surmised, the
officers interested in looking up the re
cords of the Bradys. arrested here for
wholesale grain thieving, have found
other crimes accredited to them. A charge
of burglary in addition to the Iarceny
charge now stands against the men. Since
their arrest an Italian named S. S. Solari
charged "John Doe" with having entered
his residence, some distance east of this
place, and carried off nearly all the house
hold effeefs. including articles found m
the house occupied by the Bradys. They
had used them in housekeeping. The mcii
had their arraignment here yesterday
and were held In J3000 bail each. Their pre
liminary trial will be held next Friday and
they have retained two Stockton attor
neys to defend them.
Falling Tons of Earth Bury Him and
a Shovel Handle Penetrates
Sis Abdomen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON. July 29.— While at work at
the excavation for the big dam of the
Standard Electric Company, seven miles
above here, yesterday. John Blasch was
caught by a caving bank twelve feet
high and so badly injured that he died at
3 o'clock this morning. Both of his legs
were broken and the shovel handle was
driven through his abdomen. He leaves a
widow and lour children living near San
Andreas, in Calaveras County.
The remains of Gattanini, killed yester
day at the South Eureka mine, . were
taken out late this afternoon and will bv
burled to-morrow.
Fire Destroys Grain Fields.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI. July 29. — A grain and stubble fire
started a few miles south of this place
last night by sparks from a southbound
6 o'clock train. The reports received are
to the effect that several large fields of
pasture stubble, as well as over 100 acres
of standing grain, have been burned. John
Gratton was the owner of the burned
grain. He is a resident of Stockton. Only
the determined efforts of farmers kept the
flames from spreading over the adjacent
fields.
I>rowning of a Sacramento Boy.
SACRAMENTO. July 29.-Eddy Lynch,
15 years old, son of. the widow of the late
John Lynch, went bathing In the river
to-day and was drowned. The body ¦ was
recovered. *
SLIP AWAY TO SAN
JOSE TO BE MARRIED
Mrs. Vashti Barter and William II.
Kline of San Francisco Quietly
Wedded in the Garden City.
Special Dlrpatch to The Call.
LABORER SUCCUMBS
TO TERRIBLE INJURIES
SAN JOSE, July p.— William H. Kline,
chief deputy to Assessor Dodge of San
Francisco, and Mrs. Vashti Barter of that
city, were married in this city yester
day. The parties came to San Jose by the
afternoon train, a marriage license was
secured and they repaired to the residence
of Rev. J. W. Dinsmore, pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church, where the
ceremony was performed. Mr. Kline is a.
deputy In the office of County Assessor
Dodge of San Francisco. The bride. is the
daughter of Leonard Selvage, a prominent
lumlM-r man of Humboldt County. She is
a sister of ex-District Attorney Selvage
of Humboldt County, a leading aspirant
for tho office of Lieutenant Governor at
the last Republican State Convention, and
now a candidate for State Senator, and of
Mrs. James Kirk of Arcata, Humboldt
County.
Mr. and Mrs. Kline left to-day for Santa
Cruz for a short sojourn and expect to
return to San Francisco the latter part
of the week. They will reside at 1006 Van
Ness avenue. Mr. Kline stated last even
ing that it was the desire of both him
self and wife to have a quiet wedding- an.1
advantage was taken of the opportunity
given by a short vacation trip to San
Jose.
Three of the latest British destroyers
are laid up at Portsmouth badly battered.
The engines of the Bat have been under
reconstruction since last February, when
they were disabled during trial; the Hunt
er is scarcely worth repairing and tho
Teazer had six inches ripped off her bow.
The record of the destroyers for acci
dents is far worse than of any other class
of naval vessels and this applies to those
of all navies.
A new classification of Japanese war
vessels has recently been promulgated.
Battleships over 10,000 tons are rated as
first class, and under 10.000 tons as second
class. Cruisers are in three classes, re
gardless of their being armored, protect
ed or unprotected, the first claes taking
in all over 7000 tons; the second class in
cluding thoso between 7000 and 3500 ton*;
all under 3500 tons are third class. Coast
defense ships are rated in the same order
as the cruisers. Gunboats over 1000 tons
and less than 1000 tons are rated first
and second class respectively. Torpedu
boats of 120 tons and v>ver are first class;
above seventy tons, -second class; over
twenty tons are third class, and less than
twenty tons are fourth class. According
to the above classification Japan's navy
consists of the following vessels: Six
first class and two second class battle
ships; six armored fii-st class cruiser \
nine protected cruisers and five of th©
third class. Of coasi-defense vessel3
there are ten, all of the third class. Fif
teen gunboats are rated two and thirteen
in the first and second class. Four dis
patch vessels, one torpedo-depot ship and
twelve destroyers have no classification,
while the nine-three torpedo boats arc
rated in their order of four sizes at seven,
thirty-one, twenty-seven and twenty
eight. This makes a grand total of 163
vessels of all types and sizes.
Two flagrant instances of injustice aio
reported from the British battleship Ceti
turlcti. Some months ago a gunner was
bentenced to ninety days' hard labor for
stealing half a pound of meat, a punish
ment far in excess of the seriousness of
the offense. Quite recently a sergeant of
the marines aboard the Centurion stole
the kit-bag of a private and substituted
his own name for that of the rightful
owner. The only punishment he received
was a private lecture by the chaplain.
Five of the fastest cruisers in the Brit
ish navy have required thirteen days to
make the run from Plymouth to Gibral
tar. As the distance is only about 104'J
knots these twenty-one-knot cruisers
made but a poor show of speed: In Ma> ,
1S0S, the cruiser Terrible made the dis
tance in seventyvtwo hours.
China is not entirely without a navy
and although it has no battleships there
are a number of good cruisers and de
stroyers built since the war with Japan
which are very good vessels. It was only
the northern fleet that was practically
annihilated in 1894. for the southern fleet
took no part whatever In any of the en
gagements. This southern fleet consists
of seven cruisers ranging from 14S0 to
2000 tons, none of tlmm over sixteen years
old, and well armed; three torpedo gun
boats, five flat-bottomed gunboats and
about fifteen other crafts of doubtful
value. The modern fleet numbers two
4300 ton cruisers, built at Elswick, with
a speed of twenty-four knots; three 2160
ton cruisers of over twenty knots speed,
built in Germany; one torpedo gunboat o£
twenty-two knots speed, and some tor
pedo boats somewhat out "of date and
most likely, worthless. Four destroyers
built at Klblng, of thirty-five knots trial
speed, have been detained by the German
Government.
France is gradually getting rid of some
of/its obsolete and old naval vessels. The
Trident, armored ship of SS57 tons, built
in 1S76, Is withdrawn from the active list
to become a stationary hospital ship at
Marseilles. The gunboat Paplu, built in
1SSC. is also stricken from the list, and
the Klore Is to be broken up.
The British battleship Benbow has been
reboilered and somewhat modernized. A
trial under natural draught gave ?&)"
horsepower and a speed of 15.55 knots. In
1888, when her first trial took place, sho
developed 11.500 horsepower and 1S.73
knots speed omder forced dra.ught, aud
her latest performance under natural
draught Is very satisfactory.
It is alleged that Emperor ¦William in
duced the Sultan of Turkey to give the
work^of reconstruction of a battleship to
Krupp, although the price demanded was
far in excess of the bid submitted by the
Armstrong firm of Elswick.
THE WORLD'S NAVIES.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON. July ».— In a grave built under his own directions, the body of
John Sllvltch on eccentric Austrian, was to-day laid to rest.
Long before Death aummoned Slivltch, the latter designed Ms own grave,
or more properly speaking, tomb. He spent many days cheerfully drawing up
the plans, and with childish delight superintended the construction of the nar
row mausoleum. When It was completed, he laid himself down to die with a
BE The gravels of ordinary length and width, and seven feet deep. Its walls
are of concrete and concrete a foot thick lines the bottom. Twelve inches from
the bottom were placed four iron barb, upon which rested the coffin. After the
coffin had been lowered, iron bars were placed in like manner and the same dis
tance from the top. and over them was placed a heavy zinc cover, fitting per
fectly tight.
Over this will now be placed a layer of concrete of the same thickness as on
the walls, and on top will be the marble bearing the name, place of birth, age
an TWa^nanner of burial had been a hobby with Stlvitch for a long time and
when he made his will he set aside $S0O to cover the expense, the same being on de
posit In a bank of Amador County, to be turned over to the contractor on com
pletion of the work and its approval by a nephew. Andrew Perovlch who Is
named as executor in the will. Stivitch was 73 years old. a miner; had lived
here many years and had many friends. He leave* an estate of several thou
sand dollars, but no nearer relatives than the nephew named
The old man had no special disease, but had been failing for months. "VNThen
told that the work on his peculiar grave had progressed as far as possible, he
remarked to Dr. Gall, his physician:
"Doctor, If you let me die to-night I will give you $100." But it was not to be.
He lived eight days longer, during which time many citizens visited the ceme
tery to inspect the resting place for all that was mortal of the odd old Austrian.
Eccentric Austrian of Jackson Passes His Last
Days on Earth in Designing His
Final Resting Place.
RESTS IN THE GRAVE BUILT
UNDER HIS OWN SUPERVISION
OGDEN. Utah. July 29.— George H. Burgett, paying teller of the Ogden Bank,
was killed in Pine Canyon this morning by falling from a cliff 1300 feet high.
Burgett left Ogden Saturday in company with Richard P. Hume on a
prospecting tour of the mines at the head of the canyon, in which Burgett was
interested. At Whitohead's mining camp they were joined by three miners in
the employ of Whitehead and the start up the dizzy trail over the range was be
gun to the properties owned by Burgett. When near the top of the trail they
stopped to rest, Burgett sitting on a V-shaped rock. In some manner he
slipped and pitched head foremost, dropping to a flat rock 300 feet below, from
which he bounded 1000 feet to the bottom of the gulch. His companions ¦went to
where he lay. He was mangled beyond recognition, his head being crushed- to a
jelly, every bone broken and the entrails exposed. The mangled body was carried
back to Whitehead's camp and word sent to friends here.
Burgett was a well-known citizen of Utah. He had resided here twelve
years. His father, mother and sister reside at Aberdeen, S. D.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TerribSe Death of Payang=Te31er Burgett of an
Ogden Bank While Prospecting for nines
in Utah,
PLUNGES THIRTEEN HUNDRED
FEET DOWN A PRECIPICE
Celebration of the Most Solemn Ser
vice at th.e Garneld Park Church.
Convention.
Special DispmlcJi to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 2?.— There was a
treat convocation of Christians to-day at
Gtrfleld Park. Besides those occupying
cottages there were many persons from
nearby towns who c?.me to attend the
Sunday services. At half-past 9 the Sun
day-school hosts gathered and Dr. C. E.
Beebe. a layman from Watsonville and an
enthusiastic Sunday-school worker, had
the session 5n charge.
The sermon at the n .o'clock service
was by Rev. George \V. Sweeney of Oak
land.
At 3 o'clock the most solemn service of
the convention was held— the partaking
of the Lord's supper, with Rev. J. A.
Brown of Salinas as celebrant, assisted by
his brother ministers and deacons, who
passed th^ sacred emblems of the Lord's
f.rsh and blood.
At half-past 6 a spirited Christian En
deavor service was held.
The sermon In the evening was by Rev.
A. C Fmithers of Los Angeles.
The pulpits of the various churches
around the city ¦were occupied by pastors
who were in attendance at the convention.
MANY IMPRISONED
IN A BURNING MINE
Eleven Bodies Have Been Recovered
and the Loss of Life May
Beach at Least Thirty.
MONTEREY, Mexico. July 23.— At Mate
h-uala. a raining camp south of Monterey,
In the State-of San Luis Potosl. fire broke
nut in the La Paz mine and before the
mlaJen could reach the surface many of
them were entombed arid either burned to
death or suffocated. It Is thought the
loss of life will reach thirty.
There is great excitement in the town
and the number of missing men cannot
be accurately determined. Already eleven
bodies have been removed.
Ramon Gomez, the mine foreman, boldly
<fesc*»nd»d the shaft and went into the
burning chamber for the puroose of aid
ing the unfortunate miners, rte was over
come wiih smoke and perished. His body
has been recovered. The fire raged fiercely
for eleven hour?.
STOCKTON AUCTIONEER
COMMITS HARA-KIRI
Aged and Suffering Prom Illness.
G«org^ W. Malone Slays Him
self in a Shocking Manner.
STOCKTON. July 2ft.— George W. Ma
lone, an auctioneer *5 years of age. com
mitted suicide this afternoon while men
tally unbalanced from suffering caused
by an Incurable disease of the bowels. The
nurse bad left the room for a few min
ute?, and durirg his absence Mr. Malone
secured a knife and stabbed himself sev
eral times in the region of the abdomen.
Death occurred about three hours later.
LODI'S BEET HABVEST.
the Saccharine Root.
EpeciaJ Dispatch tn The CaJl.
Fair Crop on Two Thousand Acres of
LODI, July 29.— The FUgar beet harvest
begran yesterday, the first shipment being
made by the Crockett representatives,
¦who have about 2000 acres in this section
and New Hope in be*>ts. For a time it
•was thought that the crop would not
amount to much, ov.ir.g to heat and lack
of rains, but now it Is estimated that a
fair output can lw? counted on. For three
years the company has tried sugar beets
in th's neighborhood and this is the firs'
successful season it has had. poor as tni:
season may be. Fie-ld Superintendent
Larson cleared the town yesterday of
every man and youth whom he could hire
to go into the beet fields in the New Hop-a
district and harvest th* saccharine vege
table. The frockett Company will plant
a. large acreage in northern Ean Joarjuin
next year.
The first shipment of watermelons for
the season from this p'a^e went out last
night, bound for San Francisco. Melons
are late this year and the crop is small,
none of the fields in the once . famous
watermelon belt turning out anything like
a crop. Of iate yars it has been noticed
that the o!d Ix>dl watermelon, once
famous up and down the' Coast, is dying
out. the seed evidently having gradually
lost vitality in ifs native land.
PASO R0ELE3 EOVE SHOOT.
Gun Club cf That Town Arranging
a Three Days" Event.
JT' r *cial iJiFfatch to Tne Call.
PASO ROPLES. July 23.— Arrangements
aro b^inp matlp in this city for a two days*
dove shoot on August 2t and 2T>. to be fol
lowed by devr stew and other festivities
on the 2l'Ah. Tho affair is under the man
aRpm'nt of the local gun club. F. T. Karil
pr*sif'i*»nt and J. A. Deacon secretary.
Invitations nre to be sent to gun club? and
fportFTnen throughout the State. Doves
are vf>ry numerous in this section, and
il.e affair promises to be a grand success.
Will Surrender the Alpha.
SEATTLE. "Wash.. July 29.— It Is re-
P<->rtr-d here on good authority that the
<»wners of the British pteamer Alpha,
which dr-fied the order vf the Treasury
I)*partmfnt and land«vi cargo and pas
f*i.K<rs from Vancouver. 11. <_*.. at Nome
last month, are to surrender her to the
United Ktau-s Government and pay what
rver Cjm may br- imposed and s-eek for her
tn American repistr-r. In casf the regis
ter Is obtained Fhe will enter the coal and
lumbT trade t.«»twer-n thin port and San
Francisco. At present *hc is in the flsh
ir.g trade In British Columbia waters.
Passing of a Pioneer.
IX)S ANGELES. July ?\— Richard X.
W-*:al died at his home. 2A) Xorth Flow-?r
Ftreet. thi* city, yesterday, aged 74 years.
He came to California in "£4S from North
Carolina. For thirty years he was a
resident of Banta Cruz and served as a
Police Justice there. He baa lived In Ix>*
AtKele» three years.
CHRISTIANS PARTAKE
OF THE LORD'S SUPPER
JOHN' W. GEARY, in whose memory
Alcalde Parlor of the Native Sons
will have a splendid allegorical float
In the Admission day parade, really
lived but a few years In this city, but dur
ing those few years he exerted a wide In
fluence and won the confidence of the pio
neers.
He came to this coast just after the
close of the Mexican war, in which he had
served with gTeat rallantry as lieutenant
colonel of a Pennsylvania regiment. In
recognition of his services President Polk
appointed him Postmaster of Terba
Bueaa, as San Francisco was then known.
Soon after hie arrival he was elected Al
calde of the town, and was the last to
hold that title in this city. He was sub
sequently promoted to the position of
Judge, and whrn the city of Sun Fran
cisco was Incorporated became Its first
Mayor. When he left here, in 1852, It was
his purpose to return, but the death of
his wife ohanEcd his plans and he settled
in his old home ir. Pennsylvania, He was
an important factor In tlie admission of
the State to thf Union, being one of the
framers of the first constitution.
The subsequent history of General Geary
is familiar to all Californians. He served
as Governor of Kansas, arose to tho rank
of .brigadier general during tbe civil war
through his bravery, served as military
¦ governor of Savannah and was twice
; elected Governor of the great State of
, Pennsylvania. He died in 1S73, just after
the expiration of his second term as Gov-
I ernor of Pennsylvania.
HONOR TO MEMORY OF
GENERAL J. W. GEARY
Epecial IMspatch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAS, July 29.— Was Joseph
Eayles murdered? That is the question
that is puzzling the people of this section
of the country, and developments tend to
Ftrenpthen the theory of crime.
Three fons of Joseph Bayles. whose
charred remains were found in the burn
ing ruins of his house and tarn at Glen
coe. In tiiis county, have arrived at the
scene of the tragedy and are investigat
ing the matter. It is the general opinion
of the neighboring peojile that a foul
crime ha* been committed, although it Is
almost Impossible to trace the deed now.
Circumstances surrounding the case
tend to strengthen the murder and arson
theory. It is now twliew-d that Bayles
¦was shot and killed r.y a bullet from his
own rtSe while he warn moving about his
barn, and the building lired to consume
the body and remove all traces of the
crime.
Later Developments Indicate That the
Rancher Was Shot and His Body
Burned to Conceal Crime.
HIS SONS ARE INVESTIGATING
Belief That Farmer Bayles
Came to His Death
by Foul Play.
MYSTERIOUS
THE TRAGEDY
AT GLENCOE
Special -.Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July 29.-The 600
members . of the Steveston Fishermen's
Union .are now the only white men not
fishing on the Fraser River. The strike is
broken, with the exception of the mem
bership of this one union, but they are
holding out with the almost impossible
determination that the cannery men
must sooner or later come to their terms.
The strike has lasted now for th rty
days. The Fishermen's Union at West
minster, fifteen miles up the Fraser
River from Steveston, decided this morn
ing that they would go out to-night. News
from Steveston at 6 o'clock to-night says
they were passing out into the gulf at that
hour, and were being jeered by the union
men of Steveston as they passed the
wharves.
The Westminster union numbers 500
men, and its disaffection is a big loss to
the strikers. Nearly all the Indians are
also going out to-night, and, with the
Japanese, who have been out for a week,
there is a fleet of 3000 lishing-boats at the
mouth of the river. Everything was quiet
this afternoon at Steveston.
Last night a shooting scrape, in which
a Siwash was badly wounded by an Ital
ian in a quarrel over a Klootchman,
aroused the town. The sentries of the
militia encampment thought the strikers
were out for business, and in five minutes
the militia force was in battle array. The
300 soldiers successfully surrounded the
Indian and his foreign enemy, and both
of them were locked up in jail.
Yesterday afternoon the latest decision
of the canners was communicated to the
fishermen in the form of a letter. The
document was read, making the offer of
20 cents for the season instead of the 23
cents asked by the fishermen, the can
ners refusing to recognize the union. The
fishermen agreed to take the 20 cents and
wished to settle on that basis, but said
their union must be recognized. They
therefore tore up the letter of the canners
and communicated their decision to the
employers of labor on the Kraser River.
Negotiations were then declared off, and
the canners say they will have nothing
more to do with the men.
Three Thousand Eoats Resume Fish
ing for Salmon, but Steveston
Men Still Hold Out
WESTMINSTER UNION \GIVES DP
Fratis? River Canners Are
Practically tbe Vic
tvl 0* -^
FISHERMEN'S
STRIKE NEAR
ITS ENDINS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 30, 1900.
5
GENERAL GEARY IN YOUTH
AND IN LATER YEARS.
patents!^
330 MARKET ST. SlS*3r
wisjt OR- JORDAN'S oreat4
iUSEUH OF &NflTGMYf
T^f^ The Lar^ffst Anatomical Museum in Tbm \
-^ZSL World. ¥e*tnr i ri or *ny c-r.iracte<l A
*i*J di*e«e p*" itiwr :y r^rot*: nhc oldest T
fj? yjTj opi.ci.ii.^r« t-h. '.out tit 36 V5L.V
£&£?£ 0S. fc 'C2DAH-PBlVik?= DISEASES 4
5fv» r "- 1 5H to.wulwtioo fw- and swV«7 pri»are \
jl X*Mfit T ~^ n vntcnt personatly or by letter. A JS
fl nr 7 a I Poi.tna Cure in errery C3%e usUertaicu. \
i« / lift Wntefor Bcok. PQlLO*OrBY«f A
I f j '• jinniin, m a.leo vzss. < a f
i\ IL »»li;able book lot oral \
£>«- JUBDAX A CO.. lOol Market St.. a V. f
France la about to raise a loan of $20,-
000,000 for public parks in Algeria.
§V1.M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MM
MORMON BISHOP'S PII>L3
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of th»
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures th»
worst cases In old and yount;
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses cr
olffarette-sm^king. Cures Lost
Manhood. Irnpotency. Loat
Power. Xlcht Losses. Insom-
nia, Pain!" In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. L'nfltneas to Mar-
ry Loss of Semen, /mm Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stops ne *"5 6 M rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects A«riJTP« are Immediate.
Impart visor and *»*ii¥io potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 50c »
box: 6 for 12 TO by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money refund**! wlt» 8 box*-*. Circulars
free. Ad-lre-3 BISHOP RFJKEPY 00U 40 E1H»
st. San Francisco. Cal.. ORANT DRUG CO..
S3 and 40 Third at. ¦>•-,» ,.•• T."
X-RAY X-RAY
X-RAY
1019 Market Street, San Francisco
. _ By our X-RAT EXAM-
S'.A'ftu^i^ TNATIONS we locate ths
PBTt iTrrmi 1 1 , MM trouble through any por-
liitSTEOF-?^ tt '" in °* th * t""* 1 "- seolr.^
EJ fiPPrTft* I tn * " arr ' e an<J rcaklnt Pho-
¦ > lifi'&i iii i J Kmifi tngraphs at the patient's
t^i>r^L tfyS?Tig--»T. r'-'H^st- Diseases r>;
KM't- y' V i Women. lien a.n-1 Chil-
* t**Vzfeai" f ' !r< " :l - Nervous Prostration.
X ;«ffijjirpc j» M.-r.tal Failure and D».
\ lLj'SJt'S 1 ? i"H» I ressirn. Cancer ana Con-
E TvSTltr sfirU. sumption. Blood. Kidney.
PL I"'f' j*** 1^' Skin. Heart. Uver. Rheu-
' inatlsxn and Piles. By Our
• <•_ X-Ray treatment we cur»
when everything else falls.
Indorsed now by the whole scientific world.
THE GERMAN PHYSICIANS
Late From Europe.
Oar removable bridge, work Is beautiful and
durable. Warranted 10 years.
DR. R. L. WALSH.
SI5*i GEART ST., between Hyde and Larkln.
Offlc© Hours — » a. m. to a p. in.; Sundajra.
S to 12. Telephone Polk 1133.
PRICE LIST for 30 Days:
Painless Extraction 25o
Removable Bridge work .•*::.( m,
Crowns S^.OO to »5.O4»
Pure Gold Fillings $1.O<>
Amalgam SOo
Gold and Platlna Sl.OO
Silver FilllnRs SOe
Mrs. Dr. R. L. "Walsh will attend to taa
children's t»eth— calnlessly.
ffifcgggF* A Watch Free with every School Suit.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Pencil Boxes— With lock and key, containing <j^
pen holder, elate and lead pencils, pen and piece of b Qjp
chalk complete, for
Single Slates — Inside measurements:
5x7 inch Be 7x11 inch #/C
6x9 inch 8o 9x13 inch 14c
Double Slates — Inside measurements :
6x7 inch fOc 6x9 inch J5c
7x11 inch 200
400 page Pencil Tablets- 3o
Ink Tablets 5c, We, 15c
Battle of Black Ink 4o. Red Ink 5c
200 page Blank Book IOC, 120 pages
— =^~Q &G, 100 pages So and 4c
\ ""TCetH Children's
\ CT Brownie *7 ** HffBf*
} »"<>«»"« j -^ Lunch Boxes +**"* * **9 M****
1 ¦ — *^ School Bags and Knapsack? IOC to $t
JUgglf" No School Books so
to dealers;
A Webster's School Dictionary for 5c, regularly 1Oc.
Some Prices for School Supplies.
These Are Some of the Biff Department Store's
nlarly 50c - ..35c J
State SpolJer-Tegu\az\j ZOc...20o vj
English Grammar — regularly V
ooo 400 *
Advanced Geography— reg-
uarly S1.2J - .....89o V
Natural Music Reader— teg- &
ularly 40c 34-O -2
Vortical Writing Blanks— Jr
regularly 10c 6© .*
Prang's Elementary Course -5
/n >lrl...l to 5 for 12c, 6 to 8 for f 6o jc
We have all of the Authorised Text 'Books for Primary v Grammar and High Schools. $
These Are Some of the Biff Department Store's $
Our 1 Oar j
Prica I Price «r
Eggtes ton Firs t Am eric an «J
nistory -~..~ COo j
Advanced Arithmetic — r?g- \t
First Roader -y*z**rt T 29c 12o
Second Rez-eSiu*- regular" y 35c
L ; ......23o
Third Reader— regularly 50c...37o
Fourth Reader— regularly 63c
45o
Primary Number Lesson—
regularly 25c 16O
Lesson of Language*- regu-
larly 30c 20o
Elementary Geography—
regularly 60c 41o
Natural Musio Primof—
regularly 35c 29c
TH3 EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
Bank Stock Not j Baok3 - So and tOo
Student's Note Book3 /^>^
...So and fOc cl'l^jl} u.
Bank Stock Scelling Blanks, \^^fp^^^^\
5O and WO
5c, idc, i5o
Crayons, box.. 5© and IOC
White Chalk, box. . — 12o
Erasers So and fOo fr^vSSJS^z^^^Szz^**
Rulers 4C to 2Bo __**\ \^T^
Pen Holder3, dozen Sg /
Blotters, dozen 5c
Pen?, dozen -5c
d in wholesale quantities or
(_ <*&C><£\ /*£*>¦ fffif^'
NO PLATES £*»
REQUIRED Jj^y
I will maraatee
that ray Rheumatism
Cure will relieve lum-
l&j k a * 0> sciatica and all
13* 5&£H rheumatic pains la
wf S^*iSSiSr two cr t - iree hours,
v ""^w5h anc * cure ' c a * eit
\^^-«iw TS MUNT0N -
¦/fo^ At all - firnggists,
«t^fefe5£3Ss 25c - a 7ial - Guide
to Health and raedi-
*"| I Pi 7 cal advice free.
I • 1505 Arch st. Phfla.An invention of that kind fills a long felt want. It
is true that almost every man and every woman has
a larynx supplied free by nature, but, like most other
free gifts, the average natural larynx is unsatisfac
tory. It does not emit a good tone unless carefully
cultivated, and even then the tone is limited in range
and variety of expression. Thus when a person has
a good serviceable larynx she becomes a Patti, is
looked upon as a genius, and receives more money
from the people for a half-dozen songs than a good,
hard-working statesman can get for a year's service.
1—NROFESSOR STUART of the University of
L_^/ Sydney is said by reports from Australia to
* have made an artificial larynx for a man who
had lost that portion of his anatomy through disease
and to have inserted it into place with such success
that the possessor is now blessed with a voice that
commands the admiration of the town. It is added
that the new larynx can be. so regulated as to make
the voice soprano, tenor, contralto or bass at will.
HIS Smopth and Serene Highness, the Master Manipulator
" It C wai thus a member of the present Cabinet spoke
of his chief. President William McKinley. He spoke
well. In this one sentence hwArove straight to the secret
of William McKinley' s puccess.
The character of President McKinley is many-sided. It is a
character so blended, to mixed with the guod and bad, the
strong and weak, that even now, after he has been }™pW
years in public life and three years and a half in the \v hlte
House, is is but imperfectly understood.
The President's is a character of which it is easy to make
a mistaken estimate. His fond admirers praise him as all that
is wise, calm, noble, far-sighted, unselfish, strong. His enemies
rush to the other extreme and set him down as shallow, selfish,
a man of one Idea, without backbone, a creature of circum
stance; wobbly, ruled by stronger wills than his own; a mere
politician, rattling about in the chair which a statesman should
occupy.
The truth lies somewhere between these two extremes. Be
ing neither foe. nor favorite of the President I shall attempt to
establish this mean of truth and accuracy.
To my mind William McKinley is the most natural and
Cully developed flower of our American modern spirit as repre
sented and interpreted by the Republican party. The American
people are a business people and the Republican party Is the
party of business. Mr. McKinley is the incarnation of all these
things. He is pre-eminently the business man in politics. He
set out upon his public career with a single idea, and that was
business prosperity secured through legislation. He was not a
philosopher. He was not even a student of economics in the
higher sense. He was not afflicted with principles or theories
other thnn the principle that public prosperity is the highest
form of patriotism and that this prosperity may be secured
through the statute books. That was Mr. McKinley's start and
he has never got far away. He has simply developed and ex
tended it. In himself he has found the best representative of
the idea the country ever had.
• » • *
There is a marked difference between Mr. McKinley and Mr.
Bryan. The latter knows nothing about business. He cares
little about the prosperity of the mills, the banks, the mer
chants. His stronghold is in the principles, in the axioms laid
down by the fathers. Mr. Bryan deals in maxims, Mr. McKin
ley in men and money The one has the public speech as his
Ideal, the other the tale told by the treasury statistics. Mr.
Bryan believes the highest expression of statesmanship is
found In rhetoric; Mr. McKinley believes It is in the rumble of
wheels and blowing of whistles. Each is almost perfectly rep
resentative of his party and of the elements which range them
selves behind him in this campaign; for Democracy and its al
lies are distinctively the parties of theory, of dissent, of protest,
of denunciation: while the Republicans are the party of con
struction, of executive ability, of responsibility, of action. The
one needs a voice, the other a performer. Each has what It re
quires.
Mr. Bryan is saturated with principles, with theories, with
maxims concerning the government. If he were elected Presi-,
lent it would take him several years to rid himself of them and
;et down to actual business on business lines. Mr. McKinley
(vas never hampered with any such impedimenta. The only prin
ciple he ever had was the simple one born of a nation's imma
ture epoch — it is better to produce at home than to buy abroad,
and the best way to keep the foreigner out is by putting up a
tariff Wall against him. Literally no other theory ever harassed
him. Had he been called to the head of a great railway or in
surance company he would have been quite as successful there
as he has been at the head of the Government, because he would
have made his principles to fit the facts and cases as they
arose. He would have taken good care of the property, seen to
it that there were dividends for the stockholders, manipulated
the board of dlrectois, compromised and arranged all disanTec
tlons within his own concern or ruinous wars with rivals, and
would never for a single instant have forgotten himself, his
power, his security in his office or his salary.
* • ?
It is sometimes said that Mr. McKinley is an opportunist.
He is Opportunism is the essence of American business suc
cess. Given honesty, loyalty, industry, untiring energrj— the
groundwork common to all industrial or political organizations—
and no other principles are needed by the modern school. Every
thing else is improvised as required by the developments of the
day and the emergencies of the hour. Put Mr. Bryan at the
head of a big concern and he would endeavor to run it by means
of preconceived notions. It would be all theory. There would
be hard and fast rules. He would try to operate upon men by
means of principles borrowed from the fathers. Mr. McKinley,
the true executive, counterpart of all modern industrial admin
istration, operates upon men directly through understanding of
human nature.
McKinley's one basic principle led him, immediately after his
inauguration in 1897. to call Conprcss to special session for the
purpose of enacting a new tarilt law. There his instinct and
his luck ran parallel. His idea was to give the country prosper
ity. Now, prosperity was coming of itself; coming slowly but
surely in response to laws infinitely higher and greater thani
acts of Congress. But McKinley got his new tariff law upon!
the statute books just in time to secure credit for all the good
times that followed.
Apart from this one act. all the remainder of McKinley's
administration has been opportunism of the simplest and most
obvious sort— practical, sensible, business opportunism— meeting
problems after they have developed and not before, drifting care
fullv with complications till they can be thoroughly understood
taking advantage of events rather than trying to force or
create them. McKinley never set out to be an explorer or dis
coverer. He sails along with the fair wind, but steers con«
stantly and well and has one of the best weather eyes ever seen
upon the political waters. He runs into port with the tide, but
no mariner ever watched light more alertly than he or was more
skillful in avoiding shoal or breaker.
* * *
McKinley's habitual opportunism, his practice of waiting to see ho*
the wind blows, has given the careless observer the Impression that
this is a sign of weakness, of timidity,. of lack of character. It la
nothing of the sort. Opportunism is Mr. McKin'.ey's principle, it is his
strength, it is his salvation. He believes in it. he worships at Its
shrine. He goes upon the theory that the best opportunity is the most
successful in the race. The results indicate that he is right.
What did he do when the people and the Congress were crowding
rapidly toward war with Spain? He was not weak enough to place
himself at the head of the popular impulse, as a demagogue might have
done. He resisted all temptation to make himself the hero of the Jin
goes. Nor did he go to the other extreme and strain himself seriously
in an effort to maintain peace. What he did do was Just what might
have been expected from William JlcKlnley. He tried to compromise
upon a business basis. Compromise and business methods are his chief
characteristics. He wanted to keep the Spanish negotiations concern
ing Cuba wholly in his own hands. He hoped to arrange for Cuba's
perfect autonomy as a palliative, and Incidentally as a great feather in
the cap of William McKinley. If worst came to worst, and war
swooped down upon him. despite all efforts to confine trouble to the
realm of diplomacy, he wanted it to come, not in 1S9S. Just as he
had become well settled In the Presidential chair, but In 1899, or 1900,
upon the eve of the campaign for his re-election. .This may be letting
a secret out of the bag, but it Is a secret well known to many of the
President's official household and to a few Senators.
But for the destruWion of the Maine McKinley would doubtless have
succeeded. He would have been able either to secure by diplomacy
some sort of settlement of the Cuban trouble, or to have held off the
war to suit his own ideas as to the best and proper time for It. r
As It was. the explosion in Havana harbor made war Inevitable.
When it came McKinley plunged himself Into it with all the resources
of his well-trained mind and great executive ability. He made himself
the head and front of It, and tremendously advanced his personal pres
tige through It. The man who was strong enough to wait, to bide his
time, to permit great mdvements to develop to the point of Imperative
ness and clear Intelligibility before taking decided ground, had hia
chance at last and made the most of it.
If we seek a better keynote to the McKinley character than any we
have as yet employed, perhaps we shall find it in saying that he is an
adept in the art of benevolent selfishness. His is the policy and the
practice which endeavors to make everything work out for the common
good and his own special benefit. So great is his skill that even
close observers often lose sight of the man and his personal motive in
the splendor of the well-disposed ensemble. He is even content to play
the game so adroitly that men think him weak and vacillating. There!
Is a prevalent belief that he lacks strength of purpose and is easily
led by others; that he wobbles and yields too much to be entitled to
a niche in'the gallery of real fame.
This Is an error. It is a natural error, due to the cleverness -with
which the game of benevolent selfishness Is played. Judged from a
little distance William McKinley is thought the most generous and
self-sacrificing of men. He Is all urbanity, all milk of human kindness
all surrender and compromise. His speech is soft, his glove of velvet'
So smooth and unctuous are all his moods and methods that small
wonder the steel of selfishness and persistency, of Iron will and In
domltable purpose to reach the result aimed at. Is overlooked. But
here in Washington those of us who know William McKinley have
two or three sayings which well sum up the case.
"McKinley placates and placates and has his own way In the end."
"McKinley compromises and compromises and ends In compro
mlslng."
"McKinley surrenders all non-essentials and through such surrender
comes out victorious in everything of importance." '
These are true sayings. They cut to the quick of his character ani
his instinctive methods. If it were worth while we could IlluMriti*
them with a score or a hundred of citations. Not a day peases but
some incident pays tribute to his power In these directions He makw
peace between political factions, brings together as friends men who
have long- been foes, through small favors puts his retinue men -who
are predisposed to stand aloof, and all for the single but well con
cealed purpose of building up William McKinley and making him in
vincible.
« * • i
In the estimation of the Ill-Informed public the character of BfcKln
ley has been wholly subordinate to that' of Hanna. The child X
asked if McKinley would still be President were Hanna to die u
famous. I}ut this, too. Is a myth. It may surprise a goodly number
of people to learn that Instead of Hanna eclipsing McKinley It Is Han
na who Is as clay In the hands of the Presidential potter ' Hanna is
at heart the sincerer, ml!der man, no matter what manners indicate
Hanna loves McKinley; MsKinley uses' Hanna. Wholly contrary to
the general belief, it is not the chairman of the National Republican
Committee who Is the stronger willed, the more selfish, dominant. <
THE Emperor of Epigrams." In this way some cne has
characterized AVilliam Jennings Bryan.
It is a good characterization. In it we find a key
to the marvelous control of his* party which he has been
able to maintain for four years. In it we find, too, a
clew to the means by which he has made himself the
leader of that party In the pending campaign, despite the fact
that he has persisted in clinging to a policy which four-fifths of
his followers are weary of.
William J. Bryan is now the secord man on the American
continent. He is easily second in his power for good or evil, in
the influence which he exerts upon millions of his fellow citi
zens and upon the future of his country. Many think him first,
not second, and as to which he Is we must wait a while before
j making up our judgment.
Such a power as this is not acquired wholly by accident. It
is not altogether a freak. There must be a rational explanation
of it through analysis of the man's character and his works in
their relation to the human nature and average impulses of tho
political party which he dominates. This rational explanation
we now seek.
Without doubt we have found It in his fecund facility for
producing epigrams. His Is the sovereignty of shibboleth.
But mere cleverness in the saying of things— in the forging
of phrases which take on luminosity, like the proverbs and tho
! electric signs of the soapmakers — would not alone suffice to
j make a great leader. The times must have been ripe for him.
The spiritual condition of his party must have been such as to
: make the ground fallow, arid, athlrst, eager to drink and ab
sorb and give forth.
• • •
So It was. The Democratic party was In a state of reaction.
Ever the party of the masses, always the party of the under
dog, it was by nature of its constituent elements and ail its tra
ditions better fitted for brave opposition from without than for
: successful performance within the citadels of power and respon
sibility. Stated as an irreducible minimum. Democracy is a par
ty which instinctively and persistently places its left hand upon
the sacred books, with its right habitually gesticulates, while it.s
voice is lifted up in solemn and eloquent defense of the old
I ideals and the early principles. It is the party of discontent,
not of, deeds.
1 Four years ago Democracy was in possession of the Govern
ment. It had responsibility, but was dissatisfied with itself.
• Grover Cleveland was in the White House, but the masses of
the party were discontented with him. For four years — yes, for
twelve years — Democracy had been under the control of men
who were not really and truly. Democratic. The plebeians had
been compelled to stand aside, and the patricians had come to
the front.
At Chicago, in 1S92, these latter had made their last stand.
The new and undemocratic class of men, men in sympathy with
the current developments of our national life — practical men,
business men, corporation men, even plutocrats— were still hold-
Ing the reins. William C. Whitney was their master spirit. They
nominated again Grover Cleveland, the stolid high priest created
by their regime. Republicans and Germans elected him. and he
ruled four years. Each year he became less a Democrat, fur
ther from true sympathy with Democracy. All through his last
administration discontent smoldered and flickered. In l&Dd it
broke forth into a fierce flame. Chicago became the center of
the conflagration.
This reaction of Democracy against itself came colncldently
with vast discontent among the people. Times were hard. Tho
country was In one of those ever recurring periods of stoppage
and distress, periods sure to follow epochs of elevation an.l
inflation as surely as winter follows summer. The two dis
contents—the political unrest of the sentimental under-do^
Democracy and the economic inflammation of a people wno
were savagely conscious of the disease and wildly seeking tha
remedy— came together. They met ajid blended in the Chicago
Convention of 1S96. They fused In the white heat of revolution.
Discontent needs nothing so much as a voice. Xothing but a.
voice can direct and lead It. A voice It is ready to fall down
and worship.
Unconsciously to itself, the organized discontent of the
Democratic party at Chicago In 1S96 was seeking a voice which
should summon to its side all the unorganized discontent of
the masses. Suddenlythe voice appeared. It came as a potent
phrase-maker from the prairies. With its "cross of srold and
crown of thorns" It stood with outstretched hands, and tho
scepter was placed in them. The voice was Bryan.
From that day to this the party has remained true to its
instincts, and has made no serious effort to rid itself of the
leadership of the soothsayer. It has recognized the eternal
fitness of things by keeping as Its imperator the utterer of
epigrams, by preserving the dictatorship of the discontented ia
the hands of the chief declalmer.
• • •
All his life William Jennings Bryan has been fitting: himseir
for taking advantage of Just such an opportunity as that which
presented itself at Chicago. At college he strove for prizes as
a fledgling orator. He shone In the debating society. All h:s
instincts were toward leadership through the lips. To him all
the titanic forces of American statesmanship appeared to He in
the tongue. To this day his Ideal of the greatest American
may be found in a cheap lithograph hanging upon the walla of
his library In his home at Lincoln — Henry Clay In a long coat
and high collar passionately addressing: the Senate at Wash
ington. Well do we all know that the dominant »plrtt of
American life to-day is business. The people who produce,
fabricate, buy. sell, consume a greater bulk of commodities
than any other people of like numbers the sun shines upon
are not afraid of their calling, feel in nowise degraded by
they activities. They carry their dally impulse into their ra
tional ideals. They like public servants who can do business
who are wise in council, efficient in action, constant in con
struction.
Mr. Bryan has no such ideals. "With him the test of states
manship is ability to make a. speech. He has none but tried
and trusty speechmaUera about him. If elected President ho
will place an orator in every Cabinet post, send none but speil
binders abroad, turn all the post offices and collectorships over
to the good talkers. Under Bryanism civil service examina
tions will be resolved Into competitive debating: societies.
Mr. Bryan (Joes, well to cling to this ideal, because it is the secret~f
his power. The party Is like the man. It idealizes the declaimer I
was at Kansas City and sat for hours listening to speeches from men
I had never before heard of. I heard speeches in hotel corridors and
on the streets. The men who sought the Vice Presidency were urged
by their friends because each of them was said to be "an orator second
only to Bryan himself." and "with two such tribunes of the people w«
will sweep the country." The Democratic Idea of life at Waahinrton,
la that it Is one continual round of speechmaking. Committee rooms,
even more potential Senatorial cloak rooms. Cabinet councils of execu
tive ability— these are things beyond Its ken.
"We Democrats are a different people from the Republicans." «aM
Mr. Dockery. a former Congressman from Missouri, and the next
Governor of that State, at Kansas City. "The Republicans have dis
cipline. They are organized on business lines. The leaders say how
many addresses shall be made, and who shall make them, and that's
all there is of it. But when we Democrats get together every one of
us thinks It his duty to make a speech and all the rest of us t>n™fc it
our duty to stand around and help him."
Of this party Mr. Bryan is the fitting and well-chosen leader.
Mr. McKinley Is such a perfect type of the business and executive
spirit of the American people that he may be said to ba a personlScatlon
of it In our public life.
- • ',: •2"v •--¦.
Mr. Bryan as perfectly represents the elements of protest, of dl«
eent. of discontent, of dreams of higher and better things not definitely
defined or well understood, but which have a good and virtuous sound
when translated Into well-rounded rhetorical periods.
It is for the country to decide which it will trust the reina of
power to— the tried executive, whose sentiments are often trite or
forced — or the untried administrator whose Meals are perfectly beau
tiful.
But It will not do for any one to assume that Mr. Bryan, because
an idealist and an esotlst, is without the wilt power and force of char
acter which are requisite to a successful management of the natlon'3
affairs. That would be a great mistake, a deception .of one's self.
There Is a widespread Impression, especially in the East, that tho
Democratic candidate for President is shallow, demagoytc; a mere
dreamer, whose dreams fail to co-ordinate, and whose lack of stamina
would make his administration at Washington a rudderless, water
logged derelict, full of surprises and dangers. _
I know Mr. Bryan well, ind I am sure this Is a gross misconception
of his character. Mr. Bryan is in earnest. He believes what he sava.
He really and truly thinks the. cold standard a rreat evil in the
world, the imperialist!? tendencies of the Republican party a menaca
to the republic. These are with him more than matters of the mouth —
they are from the heart. He may be a dreamer, but he dreams hon
estly and without the aid of self-administered narcotics.
• • •
If we consider Mr. Bryan as a speaking machine, we roust remem
ber that this Is precisely the sort of mechanism which th« circum
stances and the time have demanded of him. We must remember,
too, that he is a good machine. It was Arthur P. Gorman who said
to the writer not long ago:
"Mr. Bryan Is In one resaect the most remarkable man of the
century. He has been talking steadily for four years, and the more
he talks the stronser he sets. That is something that upsets all 1
theories and contradicts all traditions."
• • •
It Is the fashion In some rarts of the country to look upon Mr
Bryan as a dangerous radical of revolutionary tendencies. But many
of his friends complain of him that he Is not radical enough. They
would like him to favor Government ownership, but he refuses. They
talk to him of the Initiative and referendum. He waives them aside
Instead of being a Populist with Democratic leanings. Mr Bryan Is a
Democrat with a love for Populist votes. -;>
• • •
Mr. Bryan is a fatalist. He believes he Is to be President of ths
United States before he dies. He Is so confident of It that he does not
permit himself to be worried by doubts and fears, ir it dors not come
in 1900 it will come in 1904. and If not In 13W, then in 1308: for Mr.
Bryan has not the slightest notion of «tfpp!nsr aside from Democratic
leadership even If defeated next November. The Democrats who want
to defeat Mr. Bryan this year In order that their party may get rid of I
him once for all are reckoning without the knowledge or co-operation'
of Mr. Bryan.
" " Mr. Bryan Is not only a fatalist, but he is a devout follower of hia
Lord. The day does not pass In which Mr. Bryan neglects to ret down
upon his kneea and seek the guidance of the Master.
UcKINLEY, Master Manipu
lator of Men.
BRYAN, Emperor of Epi
grams.
The Candidates
of the Two
Great Parties
Described
By Men Closely
Intimate
With Both).
MONEY FOR THE JUBILEE.
yvyi ONEY for the grand celebration of Admis
/ \ sion day promises to be promptly and
* * abundantly forthcoming. At any rate a good
start has been made. The wQrk of canvassing the
city for contributions has been hardly ''more than
begun, and already a notable sum has been assured.
The response has been cordial and liberal, and there
is, therefore, a substantial basis for the expectation
that the full amount of the sum desired for the enter
prise will be subscribed in a comparatively short
time. •
There are many reasons why the business men of
the city should heartily co-operate with the Native
Sons in making a complete success of every feature
of the programme prepared for the celebration. In
the first place the occasion is one that merits com
memoration on a grand scale in order that its signi
ficance may be impressed not only upon the public of
this coast, but upon the people of the East. We are
to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of California's ad
mission as a State in the Unipn, and the event will
naturally bring about a consideration of what has
been accomplished by Californians in that half cen
tury. The story will be one of progress unparalleled
in history. We have made a development from a
pastoral condition of society to that of a highly or
gantzed community, with a wide diversity of indus
tries and interests, more rapidly and more prosper
ously than any other people. The history of the State
is brief, but it is one of which we can be justly proud,
and to which we can, with credit to ourselves, chal
lenge the attention of all on the anniversary of the
jubilee year of our statehood.
In addition to the patriotic impulses which prompt
the celebration of the day there are material advant
ages to be expected from a grand demonstration,
which will not be overlooked by men who have an
intelligent comprehension of their own interests. At
this time, when the teeming prosperity of the country
affords capital for almost every well-devised enter
prise, it is important that the attention of progressive
business men of all parts of the Union be called to the
rich resources that await development here and the
abundant opportunities for the profitable investment
of capital. The celebration, carried out on a large
and splendid scale, will serve as an advertisement not
only of what has been done in the past but of what
may be expected in the immediate future, and there
fore will be of material benefit in advancing every
industrial and commercial interest of the city and the
State.
¦ The programme planned for the occasion by the
Native Sons is an excellent one. The celebration
will extend over four, days, each of which will be
marked by some feature of special moment and at
tractiveness. For their share in the work the various
parlors in this city have set aside sums which in the
aggregate amount to upward of $100,000, and the
parlors of the other sections of the State will expend
fully as much more. Thus from the Native Sons,
acting as an order, there is to be an expenditure of
fully $200,000. For the proper decoration of the city
and similar purposes there is asked of business men,
capitalists and citizens generally $50,000 more. With
that sum a celebration can be provided which will
be national in its reputation, and which will attest at
once the prosperity, the energy and the patriotism
of Californians.
Such is the outlook. The Native Sons have done
well, and are going to have cordial assistance from
other orders and organizations in carrying out the
plan to make the celebration the most splendid and
beautiful ever witnessed on the coast.' It is now for
the citizens to do their share. Come up with the
coin. The cause is c good one, and everybody will
profit by its successful achievement.
Addrew A!! Communica'lons to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
VLA.X A GEIVS OFFICE ™5SiS^tJ!!5fSL52i
rt'fcUCATlO> OFKICCMnrket nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone I're»» SOI.
EDITORIAL BOOMS.... 217 <o 221 SteTcnson St.
Telea»lione Pre«i 202.
DeKvcrea tor Carrle-rn, 18 Cent* Per Weele.
Sfnicle Copte*. 5 Cento.
Term* by Mall. Inclndlnir Postage 1
XJAXX.T CAUL (Including 6un<Jay). one year W-MI
JJAH.T CALL <lnciu<Sin« Sunday). « month* 1.00
PAXVT CALL (including Sunday). 1 nwotlit 1W
pAILT CALL-By Elnjcle Month »o
itTNDAT CALL One Year ~ J-*|
WEEXX.T CALL One Tear • - *- w
All paitmailerii are authorized to recelT*
subscription*.
eaiBPl* ecples will be forwarded when requested.
K*a «abeerlbers In onJertrc change of afldres* should b«
•trticvUr to rl*e Jxrth NEW AND OL.D ADDRESS In order
to Incur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
QtKH\n OFFICE HIS Broadwaj
C GEORGE KROGNLSS,
Manager fort'gn Advertizing, t/arquette Buitdingr. Chicago.
<Leac Distance Telephone "Central 261J.")
NEW TORI CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Hertid Squar.
NEW TOEK REPRESENTATIVE:
tTLPHEN a SMITH 30 Tribune Buildine
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcannaa Hoch; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hcum; Auditorium Hotel.
:CEW TOHK NEWB STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A, Brentanc. 11 Unloa Bqoara;
iLzmy BUI HoteL
Washington fa qofrce ....Wellington Hot*.
MORTON t. CRANE. Correspond int.
till *>«-»» rfp-rtr-fZ^ —Z77 llcr.t»ron-#ry. corner of C?»*. '" % *" 1
entll »:» o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until »:M o'clock. CH
McAllister, open until t.iO o'clock. CIS Larkln. <n>en until
I -*C o'clock. O*l MicMcn. or<r. until 10 o'clock. 22C1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until I o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia. op*a
until * o'clock. 104 Eley^nth. cpen until » o'clock. NW our-
Her Twecty-itccnd and Kentucky, cpen uctll i o'clock.
MONDAY JULY 30, igoo
when every youth and every maiden has a patent
larynx so constructed that by touching a button or
turning a crank in the throat he or she can produce
a sustained tone, soprano, tenor or bass, at pleasure.
The nights will be filled with music and the street
cars that infest' the day will silence their bells from
jangling and s'lently slide away.
®frc -i^&BSfefc (EaiL
WILLIAM McKINEY
WILLIAM J. BRYAN
MEET THE ISSUE FIRMLY.
BY the decision of the Supreme Court declar
ing the Stratton primary law to be unconstitu
tional a difficult situation has been presented
to the better elements of the Republican party in the
fight against the Mint saloon bosses and the corrupt
'gangs of voters that are under their control. It will,
of course, be the duty of the County Committee to
provide for holding primary elections as fairly as pos
sible under the conditions that now prevail; and there
is no reason to doubt that it will act energetically.
Everything, however, must not be, left to the com
mittee. The situation is one that calls for increased
vigilance and activity on the part of all loyal Repub
licans. The issue raised by the decision of the court
must be met fiunly. The fight for honest politics
within the Republican party must be carried on with
greater ardor than ever.
Clean politics will in this contest mean in San
Francisco a clean sweep for ' the Republican ticket.
The brilliant successes of the Republican administra
tion of national affairs, coupled with the disasters
threatened by Bryanism, naturally incline every inde
pendent citizen to ally himself with the Republicans
in the campaign; and in this city that tendency will
be increased in strength by the popular disgust at the
fiascos of Phelan's mismanagement of local affairs.
Thus the Republicans have only to eliminate the
would-be bosses from its councils and nominate good
men to carry the city by an overwhelming majority.
It is a clear case where honesty will be the best policy.
"and where compromise with dishonesty will be a
political blunder of the worst kiiui.
Such being the situation, the profession*! men, the
business men and the working men who uuke up 'he
intelligence and the virtue of the RtjwxbJr«n party
will perceive plainly the duty thit lies fcrt&W ihtnjk
Their fight is for honest ;>ri:r.sr^s Attd Art h«n«t con
vention. It may not be s^ rs<y %> «v»Aia ihoie end*
r.ow as it promised to iv «r,*;»-r :..c 5:r*:to>« hive, but
the fight is far frotn bc : .r.$ h©y«!e^ By energy and
united action the better etetKCRt* of ;V,e jwrty can
defeat the imnsrs that expose thtsa. Any caretessnres
on the part of loyal Rr,v.:V ,\v.-> xn& be taott dimer
ous now than it Would have feeeoi before, but other
wise the situation i> ret dis^antgta^ *• a '* jtrnuine
Republicans do their fuK poUtkaJ u-.;:y :he party will
be freed from the dsr.jrtrr c! KUktRg ar.y sort of
compromise with Criranuas and KeUy CMf of putting
before the people any stsch cwjwatkm earuMvlates as
Dibble and Wolfe. The ?a:h to victory along ths
road of hor.c*t politics :> still open. Let the better
elements of the party tsett the new issue larmly an>l
ali will be well.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 30, 1900.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
A BAD GUESSER
A CONTRIBUTOR to the current number of the
National Review, in discussing the relation of
the British colonies to the mother country, and
the extent to which they may strengthen the military
and naval power of the empire, quotes from a book
published in 1763 a curious prediction concerning
what were then British colonies in this country. The
title of the book is, "The Reign of George VI — 1900
to 1925," and the work is an attempt to forecast the
future, to describe the conditions of our time, just as
so many recent writers have attempted to forecast the
sort of republic we shall have in the year 2000.
In the passage quoted in the National Review the
writer says: "The population of our various posses
sions in North America is so diverse, their political
institutions so unlike, their interests so opposite, that
it is most improbable that they will ever combine
against Britain. Their numbers are growing so rap
idly that by 1900 there may be as many as eleven mil
lions of British colonists- between the St. Lawrence
and the Mississippi, but they will all be loyal subjects
of the British crown." ¦
The contrast between that prophecy and the situa
tion as it exists in this year 1900 is sufficient to con
vince any one of the wisdom of Artemus Ward's ad
vice, "Never prophesy unless you know." The di
verse populations of the British colonies did find a
cause and means for combining against Great Brit
ain, and their numbers are now in the neighborhood
of seven times eleven millions. So bad a guess con
cerning the future as seen from- the standpoint of
1763 will of course cause a smile, but after the smile
there should come a recognition of the fact that some
of our calculations of what conditions will prevail a
century from now may be just as erroneous.
- The old chronicler calculated that in this year the
chief danger to the liberties of Europe would be an
alliance between France and Russia. He did not
foresee the rise of German power, nor dream of any
such thing as a terrible Chinese complication.
Neither did he have any conception of a powerful
United States. To protect Europe against the com
bined Gauls and Cossacks he saw but one power —
that of Great Britain and her colonies, and he cheer
fully predicted that the great naval struggle between
the mighty rivals would be turned by warships built
at Boston and Quebec and sent across the Atlantic to
the aid of the mother country.
Of her extensive possessions in America in 1763
Britain now retains none of importance except Can
ada. She has, however, large colonial possessions
elsewhere, and her people are to-day making san
guine predictions of the coming of a time when from
the ports of Australia, South Africa and Canada war
ships will steam to join the fleets of Britain in battle
for naval supremacy. There is, however, a warning
in the failure of the old-time forecast. Perhaps within
a half-century, or less, those great colonies may be as
independent >of the British crown as are" the States of
Last year a great advance was made. This year the
prospects give reason to expect a further advance.
The work of the Board of Agriculture is having its
effect, and throughout the State the people are be
coming more and more interested in it. It is, indeed,
a matter that concerns all, for all are taxed to provide
the appropriations made for it. It is a plain business
proposition that those who pay to support the fair
should exert themselves to share in its benefits. It is
open to all on equal terms, and when all, in propor
tion to their means and their industrial output, take
part in it we shall have a fair that visitors from all
parts of the great West will come to see, and in which
enterprising manufacturers of all parts of the Union
will be seeking for room to make exhibits.
The one thing required to make the State Fair an
event of great importance throughout the Pacific
Coast is a keener interest on the part of the people of
California generally. The efforts made by the board
last year to arouse all sections of the State to actively
participate in the fair produced good results, but after
all were only partially successful. A comprehensive
display of the products of Californian industry, in city
and country, has yet to be made. That exhibit cannot
be forced by the State nor coaxed by the board. It
must be the outcome of a popular movement through
out the State— one in which the leading men in all
lines of production will take part. Should such a
movement be once set going its own momentum
would carry it forward rapidly, and in a time com
paratively short the California State Fair would be
one of the most notable of the annual events of the
nation.
The possibilities of the fair have long been recog
nized, but have never been fully made use of. The
State grants liberal «id and the city of Sacramento
has at all times cordially co-operated in making the
fair successful. The State Board of Agriculture has
been earnest, as a rule, in promoting the exhibitions,
and the present board has been especially active and
sagacious. In fact, what was done last year to pro
cure a thoroughly representative exhibit from every
county and every city in the State resulted in an ex
ceptionally fine exposition, so that public interest in
it was perhaps greater than ever before in our history.
There is a wide neld for growth and development
in our State Fair. No other State in the Union, not
excepting the imperial commonwealth of New York,
can achieve so much through an institution of the
kind, for no other State has such rich resources, such
varied agricultural interests and such possibilities for
diversity of industries along all lines of civilized ac
tivity. Moreover, no other State has so much to
expect in the way of benefits, immediate and wide
spread, from a comprehensive annual exposition of
f.he results of her industries. We have not only more
to show than any other State, but a greater incentive
for showing it.
REPORTS from Sacramento concerning ar
rangements now being made for the State Fair
are gratifying to ail who take an interest in that
important annual exhibition of the industries of the
State. The fair of last year was a notable improve
ment over former exhibitions, and the prospects now
give promise of a further improvement this year.
STATE FAIR PROSPECTS.
The East shows few of these favorable indications.
There business continues quiet. The bank clearings
of the country are stiU behind those of 1899, though
the decrease is materially lc?s than a few weeks ago.'
The failures, too, are larger, though, happily, are
mostly small. The iron trade is still in the dumps,
and the gTeat staples, outside of sugar, tea and coffee,
arc generally dull and easy. Wool, however, is show
ing rather more tone again. The country seems to
be doing a midsummer business considerably above
the average, but less than during the record-breaking
year of 1899. The gratifying feature of the commer
cial situation is the general confidence of the people
in the financial policy of the Government, which has
enabled us thus far this year to meet a serious decline
in prices for many staples without a tremor in the
money markets. We are sound, and our financial
policy is sound. We know it, and therefore regard
the recession from the dizzy heights of 1899 as merely
a. natural reaction after a period of feverish trade
activity, to be followed later on, doubtless, with re
newed bustle and increased prosperity.
But the outlook for prices fof farm produce in
California this year is good, independent of the Ori
ental situation. It is now evident that the enormous
crops of fruit, hay and grain predicted early in the
season are not being !.arvested. Concerns whose in
terests lie in buying our produce at low prices are
still crying heavy crop?, but those who produce those
crops know better. The wheat estimates have been
reduced from 1,000,000 tons to 650,000 tons. That
good grain hay is actually scarce is shown by an
unprecedented midsummer advance in quotations of
at least $3 per ton. Oats are rising, barley is harden
ing under an increased demand, the output of dried
apricots has shrunken from an estimate of 1200 cars
to a doubtful 900, the prune crop has decreased from
a heralded 150.000.000 pounds to not more than 125,
000,000, with announcements of continued reductions
in the yield by the Cured Fruit Association, due to
the unusual "drop"; the grape crop will certainly not
be over the average, the hop crop has been cut do;vn
a third, and so on down a long list of farm products.
This docs not mean that there will be any scarcity,
but that the trumpeted reports of enormous crop?,
made some time ago by interested concerns and in
dividuals and still being made with a persistence
•worthy of a better cause, are not in accordance with
the facts. The proof of this lies in the undeniable
fact that prices are rising. Grape^ are already being
sold at good figures; the whole dried fruit market i«
working into a stronger condition; hops are quoted
at figures higher than a few weeks ago, and, in fact,
the whole situation is showing increased strength.
This means better prices for the fruitgrower, vine
yardxst and cereal farmer later on, unless something
now unforeseen occurs, and thus indirectly better
times for the whole State. Briefly, almost all crops
ere shorter than proclaimed early in the summer,
and prices are hardening in consequence.
T — \ ROSPECTS for trade are better on the Pacific
Ly Coast, and particularly in California, than in any
*¦ other part of the United States. The wars in
the Orient are helping our State out wonderfully. We
are being called upon for all sorts of supplies— hay,
horses, oats, provisions, dried and canned fruits, coal,
clothing, miscellaneous groceries — everything, in
brief, that enters into the equipment of armies. True,
most of the clothing and ammunition are produced
in the Ea?t, but we get the lion's share or. the out
fitting. Already the beneficial effects of this military
provision are manifest in higher prices for coal, hay,
oats, horses and a number of other articles, while
advices from New York say that a Chinese war,
which now seems certain, will surely cause a brisk
demand for canned and dried fruits.
BRIGHT BUSINESS OUTLOCK.
Come up with the coin for the jubilee celebration.
It will be a long time before you have a chance to
contribute to another cne. - ¦•-,... .
The Regents of the University of California are
planning for another deficit. It might not be amiss
to vary the monotony of this yearly programme by
scheming once for a surplus.
AN AUSTRALIAN NOVELTY.
The artificial larynx promises to make music cheap
and singing a matter of a simple 'surgical operation.
Imagine, if you can, how melodious society will bz
6
AUCTION SALES.
By Emll Cohn— Monday. Ju!y 30, at 11 o'clock, rurr.ltur-, at
}TJ Broflerick Ftre«t.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvc'.!— "Alia-"
Alcazar — "Iioraeo and Juliet."
Columbia— "Brother Officers."
Ori tieun; — Vaudeville
Grand Opera-house— "The Great Ruiiy."
Cali:orn:a-%'"l?y the Sal Sea Waves."
• Oirir.r.>ia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Cfcutec. Zoo ani Theairr — VsuJevil.e every aflernjon an3
•renlr.s.
Fischer"*— Vau3ev::>.
Sutro Baths— O:#n rights.Cira AJOR RANDOLPH DICKENS..
//\YVi commander of the battalion of |
// AX y, marir.es which sailed yesterday I
''on the Hanrork. has bet-n in the j
marine corps since 1R76. This Is his sec
*!;d trip to the Orir:u. he having been j
l""'.'.h General Grant on his trip around the j
•»V:.d. visitir.jr Peking. Tientsin and the!
Pellio River territory on his Journey. He j
•wbjs captain of the marine guard on the j
fcattleEhip Oregon and was on that vessel
when she made her famous trip around J
the Horn. Lieutenant Harry D. P. Long
of Company D \s the son of the late Major
A. K. Long of the United States army.
L/Ieutenant Long waa at one time a page
in the Capitol. Since becoming an officer
of the marine corps he has shown marked
ability In military matters. His military
experience dates from the outbreak of the
Spanish-American war. He served with
great credit In the navy as a volunteer,
and at the close of the war passed suc
cessfully the examination for a second
lieutena'ney In the corps wJth which He
now serves.
MARINE OFFICERS OF
NOTE SAIL FOR CHINA
Do You Enjoy Comfort
When you truvel? If you do. buy your ticket
via the Northern Pacific R'y and ride on the
"North Coart Ll'.ntted," the most perfectly ap
pointed train in America. Solid vestibuled and
lighted with incandescent electric lights, ob
prrvation car with a large parlor for ladle»,
tourist elfejiins car finished In mahogany and
u;jhol.«tered in olive green leather. The only
line Eelling tickets direct Into Yellowstone Park.
Tickets to all point? north and east at the low
est rates. T. K. STATELER, Gen. Aft., 638
Market et.. B. F.
New Physical Director for Y. M. C. A
Matthew C. O'Brien of Cambridge,
Mass.. the new physical director of the
Young Mtn's Christian Association, will
arrive in this city this evening and a
banquet and reoeptirfn will be tendered
him next Thursday evening at the associa
tion building. Mr. O'Brien is one of the
nv>st successful physical directors con
nected with the associations of this coun
trv. He has been eight years physical di
rector at Cambridge, Mass.; Is 23 years
o'.d, Fix feet tall, weighs 175 pounds. He
will have full charge of the work of the
physical department of the association
and also will take charge of the class for
young ladieF.
Officials of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany on the dock and aboard the steam
ship Alameda will feel considerably re
lieved this morning when the $2,700,000
worth of golden sovereigns stowed in the
after steerage are removed to the Mint.
The steamer did not get alongside the
dock until after banking hours on Satur
day, so that the treasure had to be left
on board over Sunday. The treasure is
the most valuable that ever came to this
port from Australia and comes very near
ly being the most valuable that ever
crossed the Pacific. The responsibility of
guarding it is very great.
A deck boy by the name of Colburn, a
strapping youth of 20, was entrusted with
the duty of keeping guard at night on
the way across. Just why he was se
lected nobody aboard the ship seems to
know, except that he is known to be per
fectly honest and does not seem to know
what fear means. Every night during the
trip across ColBurn sat on the steerage
hatch with a revolver In his hand and
neither passengers nor crew were per
mitted to visit that portion of the ship.
Before entering and after leaving every
port of call on the voyage the hatch was
orcned and the treasure boxes counted
and carefully inspected to see that, the
seals had not been tampered with.
Yesterday the guard of customs officers
was doubled on the Alameda. Two police
men also stooa watch at the gang plank
and none except the ship's orncers were
allowed on the dock. \\ nen the treasure
was placed aboard at Sydney it is said
that more than a score of detectives and
police officers in citizen's clothes mingled
with the crowd on the dock.
Sailor Falls From Aloft.
The schooner Compeer, which sailed Sat
urday w.ith a big cargo for Pago Pago, re
turned to port yesterday to land William
Doyle, an able seaman, who fell from aloft
to the deck soon after the vessel had
cleared the Heads, sustaining a compound
fracture of the leg. The injured man was
taken to the Marine Hospital. As soon
as Captain Larsen can secure another
man to tajce l>oyle's place the Compeer
will continue her voyage.
Hancock Finally Gets Away.
The transport Hancock finally got away
for Taku yesterday morning, passing out
through the heads about 10 o'clock. She
got away from the dock Boon after mid
night, but dropped anchor in the stream.
Captain Struve preferring- to wait for
daylight. There was "a hot old time"
aboard all night, because many of the
marines had managed to get whisky
aboard and proceeded to stow it away
before the authorities had time to search
the ship. There were several fights and
one or two men were placed In the brig
to sober up and keep out of trouble. It
was fortunate for many of the marines
that the transport was delayed, for they
had found boon companions uptown and
made a night of it. The boatmen had
plenty to do all night taking the strag
glers "aboard.
Shag Bock Is No More.
An official surve*- has been 1 made of Shag
Rock No. 1 by the United States engineers,
as a result of which the work has been
accepted by the Government and the con
tractors will receive their pay. The sur
vey demonstrated that there is thirty feet
of water over the rock at extreme low
tide, which is more than was expected
when the work of blowing up the obstruc
tion was attempted.
Schooner Commerce Launched.
The four-masted schooner Commerce
was successfully launched from Hay &
Wrirht's shipyard at Alameda Point Sat
urday afternoon. She is a sister ship of
the Philippine, Expansion and Luzon.
Miss Nellie von der Merden. the daugh
ter of D. von der Merden, one of the own
ers of the new vessel, christened the Com
merce as she slid from the ways. The
schooner is owned by Martin Sanders,
Henry Klrchman. S. Forter and others.
The Commerce, is a little larger than her
sister ships and the largest sailing vesel
ever built at Hay & Wright's shipyard.
Tellus Ready to Dock.
The steamer Tellus. which was In col
lision with the Belgian King, has been
pumped out and will go to the drydock to
day. It was necessary to use. a special
pumping plant on a barge alongside of the
big collier to get the water out. It can
now be seen that the Tellus was cut down
nearly to her keel
Treasure on the Steamer
Alameda Is Closely
Guarded.
NEWS FROM m
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The correctness of the theory that there
Is a second stratum of oil sand In the
Kern River district has been demon-
Btrated/t Tne Petroleum Development
Company made the discovery and the sec
ond sand is reported to be richer than the
first. Suit has been begun at Bakersfleld
against T. L. Reed, president of the Reed
Oil Company, by W. I. Roberts and P. R.
Pitney, stockholders of the Reed Crude
Oil Company. The Los Angeles Times
gives the following account:
"Messrs. Roberts and Pitney want their
interests in the Section Thirty-four Fuel
and Oil Company, which was absorbed by
the Reed Oil Company. The Section
Thirty-four Fuel and Oil Company was
composed of Air. Reed, his two sons and
Messrs. Roberts and Pitney. It is alleged
that the members of the company dele
gated authority to Mr. Reed to sell their
holdings to the Reed Oil Company. The
deal wiis consummated and it was under
stood that the land, which was quite ex
tensive, brought $20 an acre and no more.
Now it is further nlleged that at the time
of the absorption of the Keed Oil Com
pany's interests by the Reed Crude Oil
Company, the disclosure was made that,
besiues getting $20 an acre for section 34,
owned by the Fuel and Oil Company.
Mr. Reed had obtained besides a.
large slice of the Reed Oil Company's val
uable shares. Hence the suit."
The L03 Angeles Oil Exchange ha3
adopted bylaws closely resembling thosa
of the San Francisco Produce Exchange.
A tine of J500 has b.een provided for
watered sales. Other lines rango from
fifty cents to $500.
The best record for a well made in I>os
Angeles city is credited to the Sierra Oil
Company, which is operating at the cor
ner of Hoover and Geneva streets. In
less than ninety days from the beginning
of work It has six pumping wells, with a
daily production of 200 barrels, and two
more wells will soon be ready to pump.
Trouble is brewing over disputed claims
In the Fullerton field. Between the orig
inal survey and the later surveys there
Is a difference of seventy-two feet The
values of properties throughout the entire
field are affected by the discovery of this
discrepancy and extensive litigation is
certain.
The Southern Pacific Company's road
Into the Kern oil field is nearly completed
Several spurs will be needed because the
wells are widely scattered.
Now claims are being nled on the Colo
rado Desert, in the. neighborhood of Wal
ters, and a company is boring: six miles
from Walters.
The Los Angeles Herald says:
"At the Government Land Office In Los
Angeles it is reported that since Judge
Rosa rendered his decision regarding
scripping, there has been an Increase in
the number of claims tiled in that office
ostensibly for agricultural purposes but
evidently • to cover oil prospects
This is taken as indicating a belief that
an agricultural claim Is preferred bv
many people to a placer mining claim for
holding oil land found In the public do
main. As far as can be ascertained,
there Is little disposition to make these
filings supplemental to previous filings as
mineral land, though the records of the
office do not cover mineral claims, and
consequently the Land Office officials do
not speak authoritatively on that subject.
It is believed, however, that most of the
claims are being filed on new discoveries
of oil prospects. It is stated that home
stead claims are given the preference over
scripping claims, because it is cheaper and
is fully as effective where the land is
classed as fit for agricultural purposes."
The California Petroleum Miners' Asso
ciation has appointed a committee, com
posed of G. W. Baker, M. V. Samuela,
Surveyor General Gleaves, E. C. Berri J.
XV. Dorsey, B. Marks, H. C. Taylor and
John Matthews, to consider what shall be
done to protect the Interests of oil locators
as against scrippers.
The Kern County oil producers have ap
pointed a committee to report a plan for
a protective organization. The members
are: C. A. Canfield. J. M. Keith. W. G.
Kerchoff, W. E.' Knowles. H. A. Blodg-ett
E. L. Doheny. "W. H. McKenzie, Burt
Green, B. F. Brooks. O. Scribner, H. H.
Blood and B. F. Ewing.
The Tehama Oil Company Is boring: for
oil at Red Bluff.
Agricultural Entries Made
to Secure Petroleum
Bearing Land.
SECOND STRATUM
OF OIL SAND IS
FOUND IN KERN
An "Oriental Evening."
The Verein Arlon gave an "Oriental
Evening" in Arion Half Saturday night.
The entertainment was for members only
and was quite unique. The programme in
cluded three dancers from the Oriental
harem, accompanied by a Turkish orches
tra; old Assyrian gymnasts who per
formed under the auspices of the Grand
Vizier of the Imperial Porte; Oriental
policemen, students and "bums." Haflz,
inventor of drinking, also mother-in-law
of Mohammed, was an honored guest.
Thomas H. Rush, Delirium Tremen's
Victim, Attacks Roomers "With.
Frying Pan and Knife.
Thomas H. Rush. 31 Oak street, became
intoxicated early yesterday morning and
was arrested. He appeared with the
other inebriates before Judge Cabaniss a
few hours later and -was discharged.
Rush went home and started in to "clean
out" the house. He struck Frank H.
Lloyd, a roomer, on the head with a fry
ing pan and cut Frank W. Hyland, an
other roomer, on the leg with a penknife.
A telephone message was sent to the
Central Police Station and Policemen
Traeey and Perry wer.t to the house and
placed Rush .under arrest. When they
took him downstairs a. long butcher knife
dropped from 'under his coat. He had the
frying pan !n his hand. He was booked
at the City Prison on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. Rush had not been
long in the cell when he began to see
snakes crawling on the floor and he waa
sent to the insane ward In the Receiving
Hospital.
Rush is manager of the Pacific Ajner
ican and National Guard Bulletin and 13
said to own a paper in San Rafael. It is
also eaJd that he is a grand nephew of
the founder of the Rush Medical College.
WAS FILLED WITH DESIRE
TO SHED HUMAN GORE
The accident occurred near the Railroad
Hospital, into which the Injured man was
carried by the conductor and motorman
of the ea'r. The hospital surgeons marie
every effort to revive him, but with only
partial success. After awhile he sat up
and talked Incoherently. He had been
drinking and soon after regaining con
sciousness, overpowered by the effects
of his injuries and the liquor he had
taken, he dropped into a heavy sleep from
which he never awakened. It was thought
suspicious at the Railroad Hospital that
he should drop off to such a deep sleep,
and a close examination for a possible
JOHN T. MCCARTHY, a carpenter,
fell from a Mission-street car at
Fourteenth street late Saturday
night and d!ed at the City and
County Hospital about noon yesterday,
presumably from injuries received by the
fall. He never recovered consciousness.
The «1ead man was a veteran of the
Spanish war and bore a volunteers' medal
engraved with his name and his company,
E. of the First California. He lived at
1765 Fifteenth street.
fracture of the skull was made, but it de
veloped nothing.
The surgeons at the Railroad Hospital
did not consider the case one for them
to deal with, so they rang for the ambu
lance and hart the man taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, and from there he was
moved to the City and County Hospital,
where he died. The result of all inquiries
shows that McCarthy, while intoxicated,
fell from the Mission-street car and re
ceived the injuries which caused his
death, but whether they Include a frac
ture of the skull or concussion of the
liraln the Morgue surgeons have not yet
determined.
The brother of the dead man. Edward
McCarthy, called at the Morgue yesterday
and Identified the body. He said the In
juries his brother received might have
been Inflicted by a barkeeper In the neigh
borhood of their house, with whom the
dead man had been quarreling. He said,
however, that this was only a surmise.
John McCarthy, the dead man, was
wounded in the leg duriner the campaign
in the Philippines. Since his return with
the regiment he has been earning a pre
carious living at his trade.
! whore province ha« net alone fallen under for-
I ei»;n sway, but who are Jealous of the incur
j fjins made by foreign Governments in and
! upon their conquered territory.
Denounce Boxer Outrages.
It Is needless to eay that we detet-t and de
¦ noun<e the ail* of the Hoxer element against
i the western peoples resident in China. No pro
! vocation whatever would justify those acts. The
i report of the massacre of the legations filled
. us with horror an.i dismay, and our comfort
| Knew no boun.is when we heard what we now
I believe to be true, the reports that the le^a
. tions were pafe. that the preceding accounts
! at massacres were untrue. We have still.
¦ however, to deplore the loss of the German
j Minister and of the attache of the Japanese
: ljej;;itlon. tc.gnher with the large number of
\ valuable western lives among the missionary
j and commercial clauses. For the lc*s of these
i and injuries to th-se yet alive we extend to
! all concerned our most profound sympathy
i and solicitude. "VYe believe that before the mlll
• tary expeditions of the various nations now on
1 the seas and sailing for China shall reach
I their destination the troubles will he settled
and r-eaee with the world will have been re
stored.
We commend the wise policy now being pur
sued by the President of the United States and
•his advisers with renrard to China, and we im
plore the continuance of that policy as one
certain to be productive of the highest advan
tage to this country, which, upon the pinnalce
of western civilization, sees clearly the omni
potent and everlasting truth that the benefits
that man may be to man and nations may be to
nations is in the promotion by one of the ma
terial happiness of the other.
The secretary is hereby directed to transmit
a copy of thl? resolution to his Excellency Wu
I Ting Fan? at Washington, D. C, and to re
! quest him to present the same to the honor-
I aMe Secretary of State of the' United States,
j and that copies be given to the press.
Py order of the presidents.
Wns-r; CHUNO. Secretary.
Patei at Fan Francisco. July IS. 1900.
THE officials of the Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Association In this
city have addressed a communication to the people of the United States
vv...ch is of unusual Interest at this time. It is especially novel as being
the official utterance of the powerful organization known as the Chinese
Six Companies. Rarely does any organization of its Ftrenjrlh address lt-
to the public directly, almost invariably finding some other mode of convey
ir.p to the outside world any matter it wishes mnde public. The communica
tion takes the form of a set of resolutions, as follows:
The Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Asso
t:.itl. n (Chinese Six Companies), an organiza
tion comprising the societies of Ninjr Tunjr.
Yup. Konjj Chow, Yun* Wo. Hop Won.
Yu<»n Hoi, Fhen Hinir and Yuen Woh, the sev
eral component* being societies which ramify
thr.iu£hout the United f=tatcs=. and comprise In
their several memberships nearly all Chinese
}-?or»le resident within the United States, sends
to the peos>le of the United States sreetinjc:
la view cf the numerous resolutions, declara
tions and statements Issued by various Chinese
orgairtzations and individuals in divers parts
at the United States declarir.tr the views and
statue of their authors In relation to the ex
isting conditions within the Chinese empire
•with regard to the foreign i<eoples therein, it
is j>roo»er and desirable that the Chin«-s«? Six
Companies shall on bthalf of what Is practi
cally the Chinese population of North America
Ifive expression to the American public of the
views which It holds regarding the Chinete-
Western conditions bo far as they appertain to
the people under our purview or jurisdiction.
No Tartars in America,
First, we desire to accentuate the fact that
the people from China resident within the United
ttates are cZl Chinese. None of them are Tar
tars nor Manchuria ns. They are from the
Kwang Tur^g province of Southern China, of
vhich Canton Is the chW city and Hcngkong
the port of er.try. The Uovernment of China is
not Chinese but Manchurian. beln^ the victor
of a Jormer conquest of the Chinese. This con
quest occurred at a period so remote in our his
tory that the Chinese have long peacefully sub
mitted to the rule ot the Manchus, and while
there is always a certain dopree of feeling and
frictloa among jartiefe In China over the dis
criminations made by the Manchu rules agaia^t
the Chinese in repard to the inelipibility of the
Utter to hold certain offices, yet it may be
laid that for many years the nation has, com
fortably or uncomfortably, rested as a. whole
unj»r the Manciurian rule.
The population of China, contrary to the
crinion held in the west, is exceedingly indis-
I'osefi to travel. They are a non-emigrating
ji>-. lie; a people for the most part who never
ror»ve rfuririE their whole lives a. distance of
tarty miles away from the place of their birth.
liather than remove from their native soil to
take up residence elsewhere the Chinese popu
lation as a whole would rather meet death:
and In fact thousands of them do at periods
calmly meet cieatn in districts etneken by
famine rather than leave those places and re
s >rt to adjacent localities of comparative plen
ty, which they mifcht readily do by merely ris-
Iriir and pmoeedlac »n foot.
Not Averse to Foreign Goods.
Nor do the?* people resist the delights ej
f ¦ rJ*-'l by w*-*t«-rn i^roducts of nec^^siiy and
lcxury. Where such articles do not conflict
with some superstition, they are readily pur
chased and their ue? adopted. In the stores
Of fcuch districts are many products of the
w*-st. which have fuund their way thither from
thp pf-a< oast towns.- and which were in com
rr.un rise anvng the people. It appears, there-
Cora, that inherently the people of China are
r. t a\f-r** \r, foreign jieoples or their wares
K...I to a. certain extern th«?y will adopt their
customs Vberc Fuch customs are associated
v;th the run which Chinese purchase ainl
use. .But within recent years, however, much
a* we deplore and denounce the fact, it is nev
ertheless true that there has actually prown
up lr. China among a considerable percentage,
especially cf the northern population, a distrust
cf the westfra peoples, and this distrust art
fully manipulated by politicians, may be read
ily fanned into hatred o£ those against w-h.->m
it war directed. This Wlir.e has undoubtedly
teen occasioned by the seizure of the territory
of China which certain ¦Testers nations have
imposed upon the <»mj'ire ar.1 its people. The
explicit expression of this malice is apparent,
iarticuiarly against the missionary element
within the country.
The feeling of outrage which ha« attended
the loss ni pieces of the empire has. therefore.
drome bound up and associated with the na
tive view oi the presence of foreigners, and the
missionary cult have been hy a large element
looked upon as a *."une i.t national danger, be-
JnjET re»rard»'i1 a* a body ot people who. if their
presence were tolorated in the country without
contrary guarantees from the Governments
under whose prr.tcrtlon thoy f-slst, would ulti
mately cause the abolition of the empire and
the mirtverrton of the country under the rules
< '. their home O"Vfrnmentf. It is a fact which
every enlightened mind will recognize that the
missionaries have conferred a vast and Im
measurable benefit upon those parts of China
¦which they have favored with th-»ir presence
arid their work, and the view taken by the
, anti-foreign element that the re^ldf'nce of the
ml^sioTiarieg will cause a dissolution of the em
pire Is. of course, unfounded.
Cause of Boxer Movement
Thl? feeling and belief that the missionaries,
if toJf rated in the country, will eventually
cause national disruption, is at the bottom of
the 13 >xer movement. Certain person* deslpn
•irg, dr.ubtk?s. to wlze the reins of govern-
Tnfnt, have egged <">n the mob, driven by this
Impulse until Furh has culminated In the out
rages and murders ot which we have heard
rejiort.
The Kwang-tuncr peoj-le have charactert/tics
¦ ttVWt different ir>m the helanre of China's
j>opu!ation. K»ane-tune has of old been the
pieat onramtrrla! district of China. Its mer
<hantf have always Iw-cn the leaders in com
jrerre of th* great empire, and its people hav»
ever hp»*n thrive d'.Fpr**! to emigration and
removal to neirhb"Hng and remote places in
qiirt of orportur.ilies to better their material
conditions. Those f-ersons are Chinese proper,
vhile the persons among whom the intense
£r.tl -foreign feeling Is now producing disturb
ances are largely the Manchurian element.
Declare the Present Disturbances in the Celestial
Empire Are Due to Manchu Hatred of
Foreign Aggressors.
Chinese Issue an Address to
Americans Through the
Six Companies.
DEPLORE OUTRAGES
BY TARTAR BOXERS
Board of Officers Has Besn Detailed
to Sslett Site and Prepare
Plans — Presidio
/ Notes.
The leper settlement on. the Island of
Molokai of the Hawaiian group is to be
duplicated In the Philippines. This mat
ter has had the attention of the medical
staff of the army for some time and the
conclusions formed from an exhaustive
study of the situation have resulted' in
the issuance of the following order from
the office of the United States Military
Governor in the Philippine Islands:
In view of the fact that a large number of
people in these Islands are aifllcted with lep
rosy and have in consequence become a menace
to public health, and lcr the purpose of initi
ating measures for preventing the further
spread of this disease and eventually stamping
it out of existence, a board of officers la hereby
appointed to select an inland for the segre
gation of lepers, to prepare plans and estimates
tor suitable buildings thereon, to submit an
estimate of salaries for the necessary officials
and employes, and to nx the ration and other
allowance for the support of such leper colony.
Detail for the Board— Major Louis M. Maus,
Surg<*m. U. i>. A.; Captain George P. Ahem.
Ninth V. S. Infantry; Captain \V. E. Horton,
Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. V.
By command of Major General MacArthur.
A board of officers has been appointed
to select an island of the proup for the
new settlement and to prepare plans for
the structures to be used.
Company E, Battalion of Engineers,
which left West Point July 24. arrived at
the Presidio yesterday- at 1 p. m. As most
of the members have seen service in Cuba
they are well prepared for the arduous
tasks allotted to them in China. The
company of 145 men is officered by Lieu
tenants Cavanaph and Slattery. Captain
Zlnn and Lieutenant Burgess have be^n
in San Francisco several days and will
join the engineers to-day.
The battalion of the Twenty-third In
fantry is in camp at the Presidio, enjoy
ing a well-earned rest. The companies of
this battalion are preatly reduced in num
bers. Company II havingr but 43 men.
Company K 47 men. Company I 45 men
and Company L 4G men. The companies
are under the command of Captains J. R.
Clagett. John Dapray. William H. Al
laire and Daniel B. Devore. Lieutenant
Sflwin E. Hampton is adjutant.
The quartermaster's department Is pre
paring the hillside camp for the four com
panies of the Fourth Cavalry which are
expected here this morning.
Among the sick arriving on the trans
port Warren and now at the general hos
pital are Major Willis Wittech of the
Twenty-first United States Infantry, First
Lieutenant E. (TFlahertv, Company G of
the Twenty-seventh Infantry, and Cap
tain J. R. Rash. Company A of the Twen
ty-ninth Infantry.
Prevalence of Terrible Bis
~ease Makes Necessary
Such Action.
LEPER COLONY
WILL BE FORMED
IN PHILIPPINES
FATALLY INJURED BY
FALLING FROM A CAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., MONDAY, JULY 30, 1900.
CALIFORNIA VOLTTNTEEH WHO MET A STRANGE DEATH.
GOING TO FIGHT THE CHINESE BOXERS.
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
.'¦*>¦&. CO.^
222-224 SUTTER STREET
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
A RARE BARGAIN IN
Canned Fruits can 20c j
Full assortment, but lim- Any 9 1 ) QC j
ited quantity. New £ra LUtQX.ZJ
Extra Special. Our finest pack. Reg.
30c can and i3 25 dozen.
Foldinz Lunch Basket reduced to 20c
Folds up like a wallet. All school
children need one.
School Tel . scope Basket for School Binfcs
7<4xl0'4 S'ixll^ ttixlSK
Reg. :0c. Oc. 40c.
Special 15c 2Oc UOc
0. K. Bourbon Whisky 3 bots $2.00
The old reliable. Reg. $1 ca! fifl
bottle and ?4 gallon. £«*' <J«JiUU
Sardine's, Brier's tin I?2C
The well-known -brand. French Im-
ported. Regularly 15c.
Soap, L-undry 75c box of 20 cakes
Finest pressed. Reg.*90c box.
Baking Pow:er, "HewEra" brand, Ib 30c |
Pure cream of tartar and bi-carbon-
ate of soda. Regularly 40c.
Ross's Urns Juice* Unsweetened, bot 40c
. Prepared in West Indies. Reg. 50c.
Claret case doz qts $2.93
de a ca a i vorlta • case 2 doz pts $3.90
This State's choicest table wine. Reg. '.
$3 75 qts, $4 75 pts per case.
Furniture Polish, "Excelsior," bot 40c !
Makes your furniture and piano look
like new; has no equal. Reg. 50c.
Ba; Rum, French's bot 50c
Imported. Regularly 60c
Parisienne Glycerine Soap Mil bar 10c
Imported.
Society Tea Ib 60c
A blend of Oolong character, com-
posed of the most fragrant teas. Regu-
larly 75c. Sample package 10c
Quinquina Dubcnnst au Tin d'Espagne
full qt bot $1.50
Th« great appetizer. A amall glass |
before meals tonlfles the digestive or- j
gans.
CIGARS.
"la Ulirioi" Imported Havana, size
La mUllCI S old elsewhere 3 for 50c.
Our price 12 -12c each.
Monthly catalogue for the asking.
Country orders shipped free
within ioo miles.
AMUSEMENTS.
MR. ANT> MRS. JOHN MASON. UIPU
(Katherine Grey). mUll"
THE ST. OXGE BROTHERS. nn'mnt-
ZEI>MA RAWLSTO.V. GRADE
NICHOLS SISTERS.
SULLIVAX AND WEBBER. U A 1 1 II P
MAZIK KING. VMUUL"
JESSIK PADGHAM. .... . _ .
GILBERT AND GOLDIE. YILLt I
THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats. !5c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, EOc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
\V W er Morocco Sole Liesse* and Mdiufir
LAST NIGHT OF
THE GREAT HUBY!
Commencing TO-MORROW EVENING.
"THE RED LARflP."
Beerbohm Tree's Great London Success.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 50c, 75c.
Saturday Matinee — 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
THE BIGGEST HIT
OK "THE DCNSE & RTLET SEASON,
With the ALL-STAR CAST and MATHEWS
Si BULGER, in
BY THE SAD SEA WAVES
LAST NIGHT.
All Tnis 'Week. Only Matinee Saturday.
Next Sunday Night-Farewell week of tha
ALL-STAR CAST. presenUnjr "THE NIGHT
OF THE FOURTH/'
TO-NIGHT ENTIRE WEEK,
the m FLORENCE
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
ROMEO OM.T
JULIET!
Next Week, by Request— "THE COUNTRY
GIRL."
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
• :. . i Y . I
MARTTN & RIDGWAT; LORD & ROWE:
WILLIAM HOWARD; BOGG3 & HAE-
WARD; LA LISTA; THE UNTAMABLE
LION ACT.
SCENES OF THE HOBOKEN
STEAMSHIP FIRE.
CANNON, THE^ FAT MAN.
Thursday Night_the Amateurs.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
I7TCrWT?R'C! CONCERT HOUSE.
DEKTS AND DON; MAE TUNISON; JEAN-
ETTE LEWIS, Comedienne: AGNES FRIED
Soprano; LITTLE ALMA WUTHRICh!
Singer and Dancer, and New Moving Pictures.
MATINEE SUNDAY. Reserved Seats. 25c.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHT9.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, 5c.
Bathing, including a&&l&»taa fie. Children 20c.
OUFCREDIT SYSTEM
IS SUPERB.
Country houses, hotels, flats
completely furnished, with free
delivery.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 PdST ST.,
Open Evenlnga. Near Powell.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Ailments of Ven,
73 1 Market St, San Francisco.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
kg A GREAT RESTOKATIVE. INVIGORA-
"tor and Necvine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits. ¦
NADER. ALFS & BRUNE. Aeents.
t23 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
N0W 0PENI
#ffil|Tlie Almora,
Cor. 20th ft Million 8U.
ff3TTljyt--Jn~ya Newly and elegantly
1LH~V " J 'In W-'y 4 ' urn ' slied rooms.
nTfSEll* HpySi Single rooms, with
flillKi Jlv-JH IssiK R board. $20 per month up.
--*-*- —^ ~-g— **=— suite*, with board.
$36 per month up.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful recularity. •
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
re?ularlti*s. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
by mail. HADWAY & CO.. New York.
The barbers in some towns In Germany
are compelled by 18W lo cleanse and dis-
infect their combs, brushes and razors im-
mediately after use and before they are
applied to the hair or head of another
customer.
Mt. Eflgeeombe in Alaska has one of
tho largest craters in the world, being
five miles in diameter, which is filled with
dense forests 2000 feet below the rim.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clippine Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. rlaoe fruit 50c per rb at To»rnf(nd'%.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
GALA OPENING TO-NIGHT
-i-OF THE
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT' TO-NIOHT! TO-NTnHT!
Wednesday. Friday. Saturday Evenings.
"AIDA."
Ltchter, Graham, Averfano, Salaasa, Nlcol'ci.
Schuster.
To-rnorrow Evpniner. Thtimlay. Sunday Nights,
Saturday Matinee.
"LUCIA."
Repetto, Russo. Ferrari. NIcolini. Schuster, etc.
POPULAR PRICES— 23c and DOc.
Telephone— P.u>h 9. •
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATTODAT.
Charles r'mhman Presents
HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY
In the Comedy-drama SucreM of London, New
York and San Francisco.
"BROTHER OFFICERS."
By Lee Trevor.
HENRY MILLER a* Li»'Jt. JOHN HINDS.
Next Monday— "IIEAnTSEASn. 1 "
This Thursday Afternoon and Sunday Nlsftt.
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES.
Subject— ••F>OLN1> ABOUT PARIS."
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Paclfio Coast Steamship Co.
t DIRECT.
The New and Palatial Steel St-apishlp
SEIsTJLTOFt
WILL SAIL. FROM
SEATTLE AND TACOMA
OJV OR ABOUT
AUG. 6 and SEPT. 6.
Passengers are advised to inspect the Senator
before purchasing; tickets via other «teamer».
as her second-class and steerage accommoda-
tions are superior to the first-class accommo-
dation? on most of the steamers advertised for
Ncme. The Pacific Coast Steamship Co. has
been running; Its steamers to Alaska— winter
and summer — for 25 years, and is the Pioneer
Pacific Coast Line. For further Information
inquire of H. H LLOYD, Ocean Dock. Seattle.
Wash.: N. POSTON. IVi Washington st.. Port-
land Or.: W. PARRIS. 121 West Second St..
Los Angeles. Cal.: GOODALL. PEHK1NS Jk
CO.. Gen. Aets., 10 Market st.. TICKET OF-
FICE— 4 New Montgomery st.. San Franciaco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
fc^ fharf, San Francisco:
H*S_^ F'">r Alaskan purts— 11 a. m—
V*r5''^v July 20. August 4. Chance to
CSftiJ^S**** company's steamers at Seattle.
lAfcSJVATl For Victoria. Vancouver »U.
8*^553 C) Port Townsend. Peatt.?.
CK^S-TSl Tacoma. Everett. AnamrWJ
r *-*m^t!l», j V a*"' N'ew Whatcom (%Vash.>—
11 ,i m.. July 30. August 4. and
ever y fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry: at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R y.
For Eureka. HumboMt P.ay— 2 p. m.. July 27.
Auirujt 1. and e-very fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). Gavlota.
Farlta Barbara. Ventura. Iluentrae baa P^ro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-9
a. m.. July 2S. 30. August S, and every fourth
For Van Die*o. «toci>ln« only at Port Har-
ford (San Lul« OblspO. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anseles)— 11 a.
m.. July 2S. August 1, and every fourth day
thereafter. , . ,
For Ensenada. Marrtalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La. Paz. Santa Ro»all»
and Ouaymas iMoxlcoj— VI a. m., itn of eaca
For further information obtain company's
The company reserves th» Ti«ht to eh»n*»
steamers. «allln* dates and hours of sailing
without previous notlw.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 Ne^r Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen. A*ent*,
10 Market »t.. San FTanclsco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 A. 34.
CADE $12 first Class Including Bert>»
I R fit $3 Second Clast and JV.ealx
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Au*urt 1
COLUMBIA »ail# July 27. August •
Snort line to Walla Walla. Spokanw. Butts.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD, General Agent.
£30 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Will Dispatch for
NOME,
PORT CLARENCE, CAPE YORK AND
SAFETY HARBOR
The Elegant, Commodious, Fast Al Passenge*
Steamship,
JOHN S. KIMBALL,
Twecty-flve hundred tout* displacement,
ABOUT 1.
For Passenger and Freight Rate* Apply to
KIMBALL STEAMSHIP CO..
220 Market »t.. Pan Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISfli,
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Flrot and Branr.an streets, at 1 p. rn..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callln* at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Homckon* trltn steamers for Ixv-
dla, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
SS.'aMERICA MARU.... Friday. AnffUJt 3. 1303
S3. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. August ». MO*
fa-. NIPPON MARU •¦•"-•.«.
Saturday, September S. 13W
Vta Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at r«due«d rataa. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's olflc^
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
AMERICAN LINE.
(If TOSS. SOUTH AZ PT0!*. LOJTDO5. M3X1
£topplnr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork August 8 St. Louis August IS
St Paul August 15 New York — August 19
RED STAF? LINE.
New Yorl< or>d Antwii^.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. IS noon.
Westernland .August l;|Aragonla ....August 11
Kensington ..August 3,'Noordland ...Augusta
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
COMPASNIB SE5ERALE TR1N3ATLA5TIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Falling every Thursday. lnsfa<l of <T *? !Y t jS
Paturdav from November 2. 1S39. at -^^s«*5-».
II a ra.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street: LA TOURADJE August »:
L-AQUITAINE. August 9: LA BRETAGNE.
August 16; LA LORRAINE. August 23. Firmt
class to Havre. JS2 M and upward. Second class
to Havre. J55 and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. S2 Broad-
way (Hudson Pu!ldtng). New Tork J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
OCEAXIC S. S. CO.— HONOl.tTI.TJ. APIA.
AlCKfAXD AM) SYDNEY.
S3 ALAMEDA (via Honolulu), to New
'Zealand and Australia Wed.. Aug. S. 8 p. m.
S S ACSTRALTA< Honolulu only)
Wednesday. August 22. Z p. ra.
J. d!"SPR£CKELS & BROS. CO.. Arjts., i!4 UontoOtMr)
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Olflce. 32? Market St
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
HON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. anJ Eat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex-Thurs. night); Fil-
daya. 1 P- rn. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:3d a. m., i
p. m. Landlr.tr and office. Mlsslon-streat Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main lav*.
FARE BOa.Last Friday night the members of Army
and Native Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West, who some time since
asked the members of Calaveras, the
beauty parlor of the Xative Daughters, of
San Francisco to join with them in the
parade on the 10th of September, invited
the ladles to attend the Army and Navy
Parlor "night at home" In the Native
Sons' Hall. There was a large attendance
of the members of each parlor, and as it
was the first gathering of the membership
of the two parlors since the Invitation to
the ladies to join In the celebration Presi
dent Badt of Army and Navy Parlor, in
a concise speech, explained the arrange
ments that had been made for the pa
rade. He also stated that the reception
to the ladies had been arranged by the
1900 oommittee of the parlor. Then fol
lowed a programme as follows:
Tenor solo, Harry Colexnan; specialties
Harry "Walton; monologue. J. P. McCar
thy; soprano solo. Miss Julia Cunnine
ham: recitation. Miss Lucille Frank- spe
cialties. S. A. Newman, and "Just a few
remarks" by District Deputy Grand Pres
ident Wynn.
The function was presided over bv
Frank S. Drady. Army and Navy Parlor
is arranging for a minstrel entertainment
and. dance in aid of its 1900 fund to be
given In-Native Sons' -Hall on the night of
the Sth of August.
Had His Arm Amputated.
Joseph Stelner, a lad aged 15 years, had
his left arm amputated at the City and
County Hospital yesterday. Stelner re
sides at Point Pedro. San Mateo County.
He went out rabbit hunting yesterday
and in some manner his shotgun was ac
cidentally discharged, the contents strik
ing his left arm, tearing away the flesh
and fracturing the bones. The limb was
amputated at the elbow Joint.
The following chiefs of Pocahontas
Council of the Degree of Pocahontaa, Im
proved Order of Red Men, have been
raised up. which Is the Red Men's term
for Installation, by District Deputy Great
Pocahontas Agnes McMahon; Mabel
Seary, prophetess; M. Bliss. Pocahontas;
Carrie Morton. Wenonah; G. Alliman
keeper of records: F. Poole, collector of
wampum; D. Rowan, keeper of wampum.
On the same "sleep" Yosexnite Council of
Alameda paid a fraternal visit to the sit
ting council. After the business of the
evening and when the council fire had
been quenched, there was an adjournment
to a forest grove, where there was spread
a feast of corn and venison and where
there were long and short talks, sonss
and recitations for the entertainmnt of
all. Pocahontas Council will have a dance
in its wigwam to-night.
On the sleep of the 21st lnst. the deputy
named raised up the chiefs of Kawaeah
Council.
New Chiefs Raised Up.
Strong Language of Handbills Dis
tributed in Cork.
CORK, July 29.— At the national demon
stration held here to-day John E. Red
mond made a vigorous appeal for funds
to assist the candidates of the United
Irish party at the forthcoming general
election. He publicly repudiated the state
ment that the United Irish League was
oppostrd to certain Irish members. Wil
liam O'Brien and others spoke.
During the meeting handbills were dis
tributed discouraging the work of recruit
ing for the British army and urging that
as England's army was now* "discomfort
ed" In South Africa the time waa ripe for
an Irish rebellion.
Duell Will Resign.
SYRACUSE. N. Y.. July 23.—Commis
sioner of Patents Charles II. Duell con
templates resigning at an early day to d><r
vote his time to private business. 1
Attorneys Hope Soon to Get a Satis
factory Bondsman.
HAVANA, July 20.— The court befora
which Estes G. 'Rathbone. formerly Di
rector of Posts of Cuba, was arraigned
yesterday, after his arrest on charges of
fraud. Usued an order directing that the
prisoner be removed this morning to the 1
Carcel. but Lieutenant Colonel Scott. Act- •*
ing Governor General, advised that he bo
allowed to remain inane Vlavac until i:
was known whether bail would be se
cured. His attorneys are confident of.
getting a satisfactory bondsman to-mor
row. JIany persons called on Mr. Rath
bone to-day to express their sympathy
with him in his predicament. Amon;
them was General Lee.
*
IRISH URGED TO STRIKE.
LINCOLN, Nebr., July ».-Mr. Bryan
is so well along with his notiScatioa
speech and his plans are so well devel
oped that he hopes to be able to announce
his itinerary for the trip to Indianapolis
and return. He has no knowledge of tho
time and place for his notification by the
Populists and Free Silver Republicans and
it is not believed his present itinerary
takes Into consideration that function.
Local politicians had hoped that If it was
to be in the West Mr. Bryan's home la
Lincoln would be the place selected, but
it is now thought Topeka, Kans.. has tha
first call and will probably secure the
meeting. It Is thought possible the trip
to Chicago of Secretary Edgerton of tho
Populist National Committee may have
some bearing on the question. Mr. Edger
ton left this evening and expects to se«
Mr. Towne while in Chicago, but said
that was no part of his mission.
Mr. Bryan said to-day there was not
the slightest foundation for the story sent
out from here that he had narrowly es
caped serious injury by being struck by a
golf ball. .
BATHBONB STTT.Ti IN PRISON
BRYAN'S PLANS ARE
NOW WELL UNDER WAY
Element Which Has Always Clam
ored for Independence Sees Prob
able Consummation of Its Flans.
HAVANA. July £>.— The decree callir.?
the constitutional convention and provid
ing for the election of delegates meets
with almost universal approval at tha
hands of the Cuban press. The elempr.t
which has always clamored for indepei. 1
ence sees in the convention the probable
consummation of the plans of a lifetime.
The autonomists. Cuban capitalists gen
erally and Cuban merchants alike look
with concern upon the prospective devolu
tion of large responsibilities upon inex
perienced hands: and the word has eons
around among them to try to elect the
very best class of delegates possible.
Probably they will rally to the banner of
the Union Democratic party.
From this time on those who share
these apprehensions will use their fun<!3
and influence to secure the full registra
tion of the better class of voters and to
educate the people up to the idea that
It would be adrantageous to continue the
American intervention several years
longer.
CUBANS FAVOR THE
PROPOSED CONVENTION
er Rockhill. appointed by the Government
to ascertain the true situation In Cnln-i.
passed through Chicago to-day, leaving
at 6:30 this evening for San Frandsru,
whence he will sail on the Japanese
steamer America Maru on Augxist 3 for
the Orient. Mrs. Rockhill accompanies
her husband, and will remain In Shanghai
while he conducts his Investigations.
Asked if he would endeavor to reach
Peking to treat with the Chinese Govern
ment direct. Mr. Rockhill replied:
"I think not. unless circumstances war
rant it and the country is quiet enous^
to render possible the success of such an
expedition. In the country's state of fer
ment the journey of a party of Europeans
or Americans to Peking could be accom
plished only with frightful loss of life, if
at all. I shall make my headquarters at
Shanghai and investigate conditions as
far northward as circumstances and tho
troubled conditions will permit. My sole
duty is to keep the President and Secre
tary of State advised as to the situation.
Outside of that I am not empowered, to da
anything."
"You are not invested with plenipo
tentiary power, then?"
"No." he answered. "My orders can b«
summed up in two words, 'Investigate
conditions.' In case the Government haj
further orders for me they undoubtedly
will be cabled."
CHICAGO, July 19.— Special Commission-
TO INVESTIGATE IS
ROCKHILL'S MISSIOfI
Locked up in the tanks is an ex-convlct
whom the police strongly suspect of being
responsible for a number of unusually
daring burglaries. The man's name is
Henry Wintgen. He was arrested yester
day afternoon after a desperate struggle
and taken to the City Prison.
The speciilc crime for which Wintgen
was arrested was that of stealing a gold
watch from Mrs. French, his sister-in
law ¦who lives on Eleventh street, near
Mission. The stolen timepiece was found
in a pawnshop in Chinatown, where It
had been sold Dy Wintgen for a few dol
lars. "When searched a number of pawn
tickets were found on the prisoner, show
ing that he had disposed of various arti
cles of jewelry to different pawnbrokers.
Wintgen has been sought for by the po
lice for some time.
As it was known that he was responsi
ble for several burglaries committed in the
Western Addition Captain Seymour de
tailed Detectives Dinan and Wren to ar
rest, him. While they were searching for
him he broke into his sister-in-law's house
and stole her watch. Yesterday the police
learned that Wintgen was paying a visit
to tho Chinese quarter, presumably fb
dispose of some stolen articles, and Po
liceman Dougherty, who is acquainted
with him, was sent to arrest him. After
considerable* trouble the officer located
Wintgen in a Chinese pawnshop on Wash
ington street, where he was trying to sell
a gold ring which Is supposed to have
been stolen. Realizing that ho "was up
against it." as he expressed it, Wintgen
made a determined resistance, but waa
overpowered after a struggle and escorted
to the City Prison.
According to the police Wintgen is a
desperate crook. Several years aeo he
robbed a bucolic stranger on Mission
street and was e^ven a short term in San
Quentln State prison. Prior to that he
served a term In Folsom for daylight bur
glary.
Since his release from the penitentiary
wintgen, bo the police say, has committed
at least a half dozen burglaries in the
Western Addition and Mission. Most of
P's booty was recovered from pawnshops
In Chinatown, where it had been sold bv
him. To-day he will be formally charged
with the theft of his Bister-in-laVs
watch.
Robbed His Sister-in-Ltfw of a Gold
Watch, Which. He Was Trying
to Sell When Taken
Into Custody.
Henry Wintgen, Ex-Convict,
Again Put Behind
Prison Bars.
CROOK FODGHT
BUT IS PLACED
IN THE TANKS
Pretty Soon Toy Again the
Victim of Chinese
Abductors
Hang Hop, a Mongolian. Merchant,
Reports His Double Loss to the
California Street Police
Station.
WIFE KIDNAPED
AND HIS FAMILY
JEWELRYSTOLEH
CURTIS KERNEL
IS SUCCESSFUL
IN BOTH EVENTS
Beacon Beats the Champions
and Vulcan Wins the
Open Stake.
Large Crowd Witnesses Good Cours
ing at the Second Day of the
Ingrleside Meeting: at
San Mateo Park.
Deciding course— Beacon beat Spiteful, 8-5.
The draws for the WedncFday mid-week
and the Thursday special reserve stakes
at San Mateo Coursinir Park will take
place at Pythian Castle this evening.
Deciding course— Vulcan beat Wanda, 1S-9.
Champion stake: First round— Curtis & Son's
Beacon beat O*Bhea Bros." Golden Rule, 7-4;
E. Geary's Ireland beat R, E. de B. Lopez's
IVhttehead. 7-fi; Lowe & Thompson's Flora. Mc
rwinald b«"at J. Potter's Palmflower. 7-4; J. R.
Smith's Pylvanus beat F. A. McComb'B Sir
PaFha. 11-S; J. Morlarlty"s Snapper Garrison
beat Caiitain Cane'p Greenhall. 7-6; Sterl &
Knowles" For Glory beat Curtis & Son's Luxor
9-6; RunseH, Allen & Wilson's Spiteful beat T.
Tierney'i Tea Rose, 5-4; E. Geary's Palo Alto
beat P. J. Rellly'a Warship. 14-9.
Second round — Beacon beat Ireland. 14-10:
Flora McDonald beat Sylvanus, 5-4: Snapper
Garrison beat For Glory, 21-12; Spiteful beat
Palo Alto. S-3.
Third round— Beacon beat Flora McDonald.
S-2: Pr>Iteful boat Snapper Oarrlson. 5-n.
Fifth round — Bohe beat Floodeate. €-2; Vul
can beat Sleety Mis*. S-0; Wanda beat Ollta,
Rlxth round— Vulcan beat Bohe, 6-4; Wanda a
bye.
Fourth round— Floodgate beat Pleasant Girl,
F-3: Bohe beat RoMe Claire. 5-0; Vulcan beat
Magic, 3T.-7; Wanda beat Random Aim, 11-7;
Sleety Mist beat Controller, 10-4; Oleta beat
Risky Attempt. l«-4.
Third round— Kloo<l<rate beat S!elghbellK, 7-2;
Pleasant Girl beat .Safeguard. 12-?: Bohe beat
Go On. 11-3; Rosle Claire beat America. 19-13;
Vulcan a bye; Maeic beat Tommy Rex. 8-5;
Wanda beat O'Hara, 9-5; Random Aim beat
Crawford Braes. 5-3; Sleety Mist beat Sacra
mento Boy. 6-4; Oleta beat Theron. 5-1; Con
troller l<>at Bald Eagle, 3-2; Risky Attempt
beat Bad Boy, 13-9.
Open etake, second round— W. C. Glasson's
Reigh Bells beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's
111=5 Wilson. 7-1; G. Nethercott's Floodgate
beat S Handy-E Twin City Girl. S-3; D. To
land's Pleasant Girl beat T. J. Mclnerney's
Johnny R, 24-17; D. Shannon's Safeguard beat
A Johnson's Tod Sloan. 11-S: J. H. Ferlgo's
Bohe beat B. Silver's Reannex. 8-4; J. J. Ed
mondF 1 «jo On beat Connell Bro«. St. Helen.
12-5: E. Geary'e America beat Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Lady Emma, S-5; Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Rosle Claire beat Captain Cane's Mi?s
Ponman. 7-3; C. Bonar"s Wild Norah beat H.
Lynch's Lottie M. 6-3; Curtis & Son's Vulcan
beat P J Reilly 's Plough Boy. ?-'.; Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Magic »><>at R. P. Julian's
Sweet Music. 5-3; T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy
Rex' beat Lowe & ThomjMson's Scotch Reel. 4-2;
Sterl & Kr.owIeB' O'Hara beat A. L.. Austin's
Firm Foe, 5-3; R. E. de B. Lopez's Wanda
Nat H. A. Deckelman'p Prmrshot, l2-~>; C R.
<'harle?:worth's Crawford Braes beat J. Moriar
itys Jimmy Anthony. S-4: D. Winders' Random
Aim beat j. R. Smith's Victor Queen, S-<>: Sterl
Sc KnnTi-les' Pleety MlFt beat J. J. Kdmonds"
Morninir Glory, 10-0: Walsh & Heenan'l Sacra
mento Boy beat J. Sutton's Master Lawrence.
4-3: Getirgs "Whitney's Thernn beat P. McCabe's
Cralir Bny. 1^-6: Sterl & Knowles' Olita beat
F. McComb's Little Fister, 15-10; J. II. Perlgo's
ControUrr beat J. Potter's Ilemus, 29-2; A.
Johnson's Bald Eaple beat J. P. Thrift's For
pet S-C; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy beat Sulli
van & Trainer's Castle Island Boy, 6-4; D.
Wlnaens' Risky Attcmrt beat E. M. Kellogg's
JvM McCoy, S-6.
If yesterday's attendance is any cri
terion the Ingleside Coursing Association,
which is enjoying its end of the schedule
of doe running" at San Mateo Park, will
have had one of the most successful
coursing meetings of the season when it
closes to give the Union Park manage
ment a tvrn at the game.
The sixteen dog champion event was, of
course, the main attraction and the large
crowd showed Its interest In the stake by
playing their favorites quite heavily.
Short end?, as on the opening day, made
! a good Bbowing and though not so plentl
j ful, still they won often enough to make
it in:erosting. , _
I Curtis & h<ins* Beacon took first money
I in the champion stake, with Russell, Allen
& Wilson's fcpiicf ul as runner up. Ueacon
! was a favorite all through and proved
equal to his renutation of being in a class
bv himself. He had a hard go with Ire
land in the second round, securing 14
1 points to his opponent's 10, but came bacK
! strong against Flora .McDonald in the
I next go and beat her handily. In the tinal
he got the flag from Spiteful in a sixty
thrt-e second coursing:; score S— 5.
Snapper Garrison was a. strong factor
in this stake and while he lasted was a
good investment for his backers. In the
rir.-u round against Grefnhall. who was
posted a. 2H; to 1 favorite. Snapper took
his opponent's measure with a close score.
Then against Sterl A: Kncnvles' For Glory.
Moriaritys dog extended himself. Ihe
talent thought little of Snapper's chances
of winning this go and made For Glory
a favorite at 4 to 1, the best odds of the
day. In a hard working course all over
the field Snapper got the decision and
when the red na_g was raised the score
stood 21 to 12 in hia favor. The work was
too much for him, however, and iu the :
next round the runner up beat him point
less. Palo Alto beat Warship in the lirst
round in a. hard race and then lost to the
runner up in the next go.
The open stake was al?o captured by
the Curtis & Sons kennel. Vulcan beat
the L«opex entry. Wanda; in ,the deciding |
round after an exciting in and out no go.
The dogs were given a short rest and then j
slipped to a lively hare. The spectators ;
took a strong interest in the course and :
a« either dog would score a point its back- ;
ers would try to encourage their favorite :
with veils of approval. The jack was ;
full of speed and managed to keep a safe
distance from its would-be captors and
finally beat them to the escape just as a
relief dog had joined in. The course
lasted 2 i; > minutes and was the longest of
the day." Bohe reached the sixth round
when she was beaten in a close race by
the stake winner, who was a 1 to 2 short
The day's results, with Judge Andrew
Dean's official scores, follow:
LONDON. July 29.-Tod Sloan, who was
Injured last Friday at the Liverpool July
meeting while riding- MaJuma, Is progress
tog favorably and It Is expected he will
return to Londoa early this week.
Tod Sloan Recovering.
KANSAS CITT. July M.-KanBM City 6. De
troit *.
WORCESTER. Mass.. July 29.-Tcn
Eyck. aznateur champion single sculltr
cf the world, has decided' not to represent
this country at the regatta at the Par's
Exposition. He makes his decision on
account of what he allc-pes Is the shabby
manner his rlub mates of the Wachusetts
Boat Club of this city have been treated
by the committee and national officers of
th#» National Association of Amateur Oar ~~
inen.
The WachusettB were led to believe. It
Is said, that the double shell would be gent
from this city. Later they w*»re told that
the event would be dropped. Then the in
formation came that their double shell,
which is in the Atlanta boathouse in New-
York, was to be put on board the Ft^amer
hound for I'aris and that a member of
the Vesper crew was to row, with Ten
Eyck as mate, in the double race, which
la reality had never been dropped.
American League Games.
MILWAUKEE, July ».— Milwaukee 4, Cleve
land 0.
CHICAGO. July S».—Chicago «, Buffalo g.
MINNEAPOLIS. July 29.—Minneapolis 6. In-
C'.p.t.ci ¦ V.% 9.
at the Paris Exposition.
Befuses to Take Part in the Regatta
TEN EYCK WITHDRAWS.
Among the Brooklyn Jockey Club stakes
to be run at Gravesend at the spring and
autumn meetings of 1301 are the following:
For two-year-olds: The Great American
stakes. 112. '"X>. flv<> fur'.or.frs; . the Tremoni
etakPs, f JO, 000, about eIx furlongs.
For two-year-olds, to t* run first day of the
autumn mwinK r.f 1901: The Junior champion
Ftak«-s, $15,000-, J3C*.i<> to second and ?2'J00 to third;
a.bout fix f'.ir: :.?
For three-year-oid*, to be run at epring meet
ing of 1X2: The Brooklyn Perby of $10,000,
t&M to Fccernl find £>00 to third; mile and a
Fr.r a'.l sppf: Oriental handicap, $1500. mile
cr.a a (juart-r: Occidental handicap. JliOO, mile
and an eighth: first special. I22tt, mile and a
quarter: t^cmd special. J-000. mil"» and a half.
Kor two-year-olds: Prrn;r>*ct handicap, S25<y>,
Bbout fix furlor.frs; Willow etaies for filli*!>,
J100"), at five and a half furlongs; Flatland
Ftakes. COM!, five furloncs.
Kor thrve-year-olds: Monarch stakee. J15G3,
tnlle and a. furlong.
In this class seven other events for $1000
each are announced.
rCEtV TORK. July 29.— The Brooklyn
Jockey Club announces the following
Ftake?. among others, for the autumn
meeting of KtfiO. to be run at Gravesend.
They close Wednesday. Augrust 15, next:
the Next Year.
GRAVESEUD STAKES.
Classic Events to Be Decided During,
PROVIDENCE. R. I., July 29.— Jimmy
Michael, the bicycle rider, was declared
defeated by the referee in his match with
Ben Monroe of Memphis at Orescent Park
this afternoon. The trouble grew out of
the terms r.f the contest for the race, by
which Ilk haeTs manager. J. C Kennedy.
controlled everything. The local track
could gt>t Michael here only by agreeing
to Mich.-.. L'i requirement* for pace, and
H-bea the referee called Monroe off the
track an<1 awarded h!m the race, the bis
< :ov.-d Which had paid double admisslou
to see Michael was furious.
The- race v.-a.<= fifteen miles, motor-paced,
and Michael ufed a new- motor with a
f;ui«~v ?et of water coolers which were
nothing more than wuid shields, so co;i-
Etrneted as to evade the rules. The motor
di<l not work well and at the end of ten
miles :t went up. The contract for the
ra<-p c:-l!o<1 for Kennedy to furnish pac3
for both riders. When Michael's pace
went trroos he tacked on to the real
•u-hf-el r.f Monroe. whose pacemakers,
luing Michael men. slackened up. Th>
next few miles wore ridden at a 2:20 gait
and the crowd howled with rage. The
referee instructed the motorers to give
Monroe the pace, but they refused, and
the farce went on for a few miles until
the referee called Monroe from the track
and awarded him the race, at the end of
The fifteen miles. The time for the fifteen
miles was 31:22.
on Crescent Park Track.
jianrr michail loses.
Crowd Furious at the Performancs
WILL DEPRIVE MANY
NEGROES OF VOTES
RAI^EIGH, N\ C. July 29.-A genera!
Section will be held in this State next
Thursday, and the question of the adop
tion of an amendment to the constitution
limiting the electorial franchise will b'
voted on. There is apparently little doub*
es to the result of the election both as to
the amendment and the State ticket It
3«ow seems to simply a question of ma
jority. The opponents of the amendment
acknowledge that it will be adopted. As
the amendment and the Democratic ticket
will run very close together, the Populists
ajid Republicans have practically aband
oned their State ticket in an effort to
elect a majority of the Legislature and
leturn Marion Butler to the United States
Senate. The battle has been fought on
the race issue, brought to the front by
the proposed franchise amendment, by
which 80,000 ignorant negro voters are to
b« disfranchised.
EXCURSIONISTS INJUHED.
Two Deaths May Result From a
Drunken Brawl in Colorado.
PTJEBLO. Colo.. July 29.— While a large
excursion from this city was on Veta
Paes, near the Spanish Peaks, this after
noon a drunken tight occurred, in which
several men from the adjoining mining
camp of Russell participated. James Per
sons was knocked down with a fence rail
in the hands cf Louis Vasquez. He is
Ftill unconscious arid will probably die. A.
Y. Graybill was shot in the abdomen by
Charles Campbell and is dying. Many
shots were fired by the crowd at Camp
bell, but he escaped and Is being- pursued
by a posse. Both th« wounded men were
brought to Pueblo.
On March 17 of thsi year Soon Toy was
spirited away from her home. She waa
waylaid and her captors took a bunch of
keys from her. They then visited her
husband's store and looted the safe, tak
ing about $1000. Detective Gibson was de
tailed on the case, and two weeks after
ward found the woman In a house on Clay
street. The money was never recovered.
Last Thursday Soon Toy was lured to
the Pacific Mail Steamship dock on tha
pretense that one of her friends was to
sail for China on the Doric. After she
had left her home her husband had oc
casion to open the safe and was etartled
to find that the family jewelry, valued at
over $j00, was mlssinp. Ho found that his
wife had left the mail dock, and was mys
tified as to why she did not return to her
home, but waited until two nights after
ward before he made a report to the
police.
Two years aco Hang Hop purchased his
wife. She was a slave girl when he mar
ried her. and their union has been ren
dered unhappy on several occasions on
account of a disagreement between the
merchant and the woman's former owner.
Several attempts have been made to kid
nap her.
For the second time within four months
Soon Toy, th© pretty wife of Hang Hop,
a Chinese merchant at 919 Stockton street,
has disappeared and her husband robbed.
As in the previous 'instance, when the
woman was located by Detective Ed Gib
son, after having been held a captive for
some time, it is suspected that she is
again tho victim of foul play. The offi
cers at the California-street police station
were notified of the affair Saturday night
and detectives have been detailed on the
case.
SOON TOY, THE KIDNAPED
WOMAN.
In the Handball Court.
The play In Phil Ryan's handball court
was fully up to the standard yesterday
afternoon. The scores made are as fol
lows: .''«.¦•
Joe Brady and W. Walsh, 21—21—21; c.
McKown and T. Quinn, 13-19-15: G. Mc-
Donald and P. McKinnon, 21—17—21; M.
McNeil and I>. Escolle, 20—21—14; P. Kelly
and M. Dillon, 21—21—21; P. Hutchinson
and W. Kelly, 1S-20— 16; N. Polldori and
J. Fitzpatrick, 21—13—21; "W. P. Brown and
C. E. Llpp, 20—21—11; L. Waterman and
D. J. Sheehan. 21—21—8; N. J. Prendergast
and E. Lynch, 19 — 18—21 : G. Magulre and
W. H. Sleberst. 21— IS— 21— 17— 21; - P. Ryan
and G. B. Hay ward, 14— 21— 20— 21--15; A.
McVicker and T. Leach, 21—21—18—21; J.
Condon and T. Foley, 17—14—21-^13: W.
Walsh and W. Johnson, 21—21—21—12; o.
B. Hayward and W. Cavanaugh, 10—15
IS— 21; T. Serres and C. Lakin. 21—21—21;
O. Kron and J. Glynn, 12— 15— 13; J. Rtor
don and J. Collins. 21 — 21 — 20—21; J. White
and R. Murphy; lft— 17— 21— 20.
WILLIAMSON WINS THE
UNION GUN CLUB EVENT
The figure 2 means that the second bar
rel was used and th* • signifies that the
bird dropped out of bounds.
The Union Gun Club held a handicap
live-bird shoot yesterday aftemon at
Ingleside. Th© contest was won by W. H.
Williamson. The day was Ideal for shoot
ing, as the sun waa not too strong, which
made the light perfect There were to
have been several class shooting contests,
but owing to th© large entries in the
handicap the other events were postponed
until a later date. The results of the
shoot follow:
C. T. Mitchell 73 yds.— 220U21021!*— 9
H. H. Mlchelssen 2S yds.— 1»2101*»2421— 7
\V. H. Williamson 31 yd*.— 222222222222— 12
P. J. Walsh 31 yd*— W2211111121— 10
J Pisanl 27 yiln. — •212*0010221 7
M. J. Iverson 27 yds.— lllll'imi!— 11
D. G Rlngle 26 yds.— fi2»01111*121— 8
O. W. Thomas 29 yds.— 020Jf;1210121— 8
W. Janssen 26 yds. — 212121110011 — ]0
A. r>rieschman 28 yds.— 2f*OO110ll010 — 6
C. W. Debenham 2S yds. — l # <>o2nniiii2 7
F. Feudner 30 yds.— 222211220110— 10
C XV. Glldden 26 ydo.— llfX.f>2210211— 8
J. Pierson 26 yds.— lOOIt'llJlll— 9
R. A. Bi-lfrss 26 yds.— 012210121121— 10
E. A. Taylor 2S yds.— <?2<)0002tK!llO— 5
F. Knlck 27 yds. — 01212**I2111— 9
W. Price 2fi yd?. — 121220220002 — S
II. Iloyt 27 yd*.— 2222*1222101— jrj
J. M&sterson 2C yds.— 201012110112— !»
"Mascot" 27 yds.— •Ol'lllionii— 7
J. McDonnell 2S yd3.— 211111020221— 10
P. King 2S yds.— 21211M 12221-11
C. M. Wallom 29 yds.— 1»12122«122— 9
R. C Funk* 27 yds. — 222222,221122^ 12
J. Rlckerstaft 27 yds.— dliooillllio— 9
M. McDonnell 2S yds.— 2'2122*22120— 9
J. Lfwis 31 yds.— •12202122201— 9
J. Kerrigan 2« yds.— 211121102020— 3
A. Preer«> 26 yds.— P2111OI21211— <»
F. W. Walpert 2S yds.— 21O201002221— 8
C. C. Nauinan 32 yds. —222220222222— 11
R. Itgen 29 yds.— 012110122201— »
A. O. FltekMMrer 30 yds.— 112201111100— 10
D. E. Brockbank 27 yds.— 121122211231— 13
SAX RAFAEL. July 23.— The annual ex
cursion and picnic of the Garibaldi So
ciety of San Francisco waa held to-day at
Schuetzen Park. About 1000 people at
tended the picnic. The day was pleas
antly Bpent by th© people, who engaged
In dancing, games and target shooting.
Garibaldi Society's Picnic.
THE managers of the National • Ath-
letlc Club received a telegram yes-
terday from Tommy Ryan that he
would arrive In this city to-day,
It is several years since Ryan has been
on the coast and the pugilistic fraternity
is In rather an anxious mood to know just
how the great middleweight looks.
As the fight in which Ryan will be one
of the pugilists will not take place until
September 7, plenty of time is left him
for training. He will rest for a short per
j°f before tho preliminary work is be-
B Ja- ck Moffattf whose performance
against Xeill showed that he is a fighter
of more than ordinary ability, will not
arrive until the early part of August,
The conditions under which Ryan and
Moffatt will enter the ring are satlsfac
tory to both parties. Nothing now re
mains but actual training and preparation
for the big fight.
TOMMY RYAN", WHO IS EXPECTED TO-DAY.
DETROIT, July Z>.-Sectlon 1 of tha
Buffalo Bill Wild West Show train suf
fered a severe collision near Milwaukee
Junction just before daylight to-day, re
sulting in the smashing of a show em
ployes sleepinsr car. containing: forty ln
nlnl eS ot>, 0ne of the employes i 3 dead and
n i n 4 e rl i >t i ler3 are *" Detroit hospitals suf-
The de d™ m ° re ° r leS3 serloU3
EDWARD SULLIVAN.
t»T m J v red » : \ lenr Y Eastman. Roches-
Pa - H.n™'D J- Bur kholder. Bradfor.l.
Pl : H .^ Burton. Westchester. Pa.; Jo- i
vJ£ M^ Can ?? New York; *°y<» Mix -
So7eVosk a a?o?s U a ry io^ nn - ; ™ X ™
At the time of the collision the train,
consisting of twenty wason and stoc*
cars, four of the show, sleepinsr car* and
a Grand Trunk caboo 9 e. was being ™a1"
ferred from the Michigan Central to the
Detroit. Grand Haven ami Milwauk. »
tracks. The train was being pushed back
ward from the "Y" at the Mliwaukoa
Junction when it wa3 struck bv an. out
going Grand Trunk freight train. Iho
caboose was forced on top of one of tha
show employes" sleepers filled -with sleep
ing men. When th© uninjured men ha<l
recovered from the shock the wreck?.!
sleeper was chopped off and th© injured
gradually gotten out.
•AH the victims will recover exceptlri^
the first named three, who are sertoui!/
hurt.
Outgoing Grand Trunk Train Crashes
Into the Employes' Sleeping
Cars Near Milwaukee-
Junction.
One Man Killed and Nine
Others Are Seriously
Iiijured.
BUFFALO BILL'S
SHOW TRAIN III
A COLLISION
CIN'CINXATI. July the past
week a rcrmar.ent organisation was ef
fected litre with Judge Ferris as prcsi
dcr.t and other Judges of the court vice
presidents. Mayor Julius Fleishman as
treasurer and Morris Isaacs, cf the En
quirer as secretary for a benefit to
Harry M. Weldon, the dean of American
Fjwrtinp editor?, who was stricken with
paralysis iast February and who has
become a hopeless invalid. It is now
l.; ; r:n.1 fto'.n the letters received that
there v.T:! bp co-operation committees In
all cf the larprrr cities, composed of sport
ir.t: editor*, l-asc-ball nn'n. turfmen, boxers
ar.'i others.
In addition to the athletic events an
r.ounood here for October 6. it is now pro
posed to hiive ;i sri-at carnival f>f boxers
es well as Weldon day at the races.
Nearly ell of the managers have pledged
vh*lr men for contests. It is proposed to
r.fTer a purse of J£OuO for seven games be
-ween the winners of the National aiul
the American league pennants.
There are twenty committees in the
organization, composed of prominent citi
zens and the indications are that tht*
benefit will not only be a success, but
that It will also bring more sports to •
guhcr than on any previous occasion.
Jn Addition to Athletic Events and
Weldon Day at the Races a
Carnival of Boxing Is
I^ow Proposed.
C.mmittee Organized With
Judge Ferris as Its
* President.
FRIENDS FLOCK
TO THE AID OF
HARRY WELDOH
San Francisco 7, Sacramento 2.
The largest crowd that has as yet
passed Into the Recreation grounds to see
a baseball game came from the four sides
of the city yesterday afternoon and filled
every bit of space In the grand stand and
bleachers. They went away gloating over
a local victory which was a. well deserved
one, for every wearer of Hank's uniform
played his best. Doyle was discovered
and sentenced to club smashing. At times
he received bunches of clubbings, espe
cially in the second Inning, when five py.ro
technical displays were "unloaded" on the
throng.
The Senators, champions and leaders,
played ragged ball in spots. This may
have been due to the disorganization of
the team. Hughes' arm is sore and Bill
Devereaux is sick. This made a change of
positions necessary, lburg pitched care
ful ball, permitting of no bunches by the
toga wearers.
Until the last of the -second the gama
was even tempered, but then Doyle was
untwisted for live hits, four of Hank's
men covering the plate before Frisco was
sent to the field. Four bad ones placed
Levy on first and a hit bv Krug covered
the first pair of bags. Reilly bunted poor
ly to third, shutting out Levy at that sta
tion. Then Iburgr rapped a hot one to
Stultz, who fumbled and Krug scored on
the play. Brockhoff swatted the ball to
Hughes, beating it to first, and the sacks
were crowded with Wasps. A hit to cen
ter by Hildebrand scored Iburg and a hit
by Schwartz to Eagan resulted in Hilde
brand s death at second, but on an at
tempted double play Hanlon allowed the
ball to slip through him. in consequence
of which Brockhoff scored. There was
another hit by Pabst, but Sully's out end
ed the inning.
The fifth brought a run to Sacramento.
Stanley earned the initial bag on a hit.
advanced a station on Doyle's sacrifice,
and went to third on Shanahan's hit,
scoring on the throw in of Stultz's out to
Levy.
Two runs and two hits were added to
the score by the locals in the fifth./ Sulli
van jogged to first and moved to third on
Krug s hit. Then some poor base throw
ing resulted In forcing Sullivan and Krujr
around the bags to the haven of rest.
The seventh gave Hank the seventh run.
Pabst rolled out a two-bagger, stole third
and scored on a passed ball.
In the eighth bacramento put Eagan
over the rubber. He went to first on an
error by Krug and to second on Hughes'
hit, scoring on Hanlon's hit. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
¦;; , AD. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin, I. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Eagan, a. e 4 110 3 6 0
Hushes, 3 b 4 0 2 0 3 10
Hanlon, 1 b 4 0 2 0 12 0 1
Stanley, c 4 l 2 0 l 10
Doyie, p 3 0 10 14 0
Rhanahan. c. f 3 0 10 0 10
Stultz, 2 b 3 0 0 0 14 1
Perrine. r. f 3 0 10 3 0 0
Totals 32 2 10 "o 24 17 ~2
SAN FRANCISCO.
_ , . m : - AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Biockhoff, c t 4 13 13 0 0
Hlldebrand r. f 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Schwartz, 2 b 5 0 0 0 3 4 0
Pabst. 1 b 3 1 2 2 13 0 0
Sullivan, c 2 10 2 2 3 0
Levy. 1. f 2 0 0 0 2 2 0
Krug:. «. b 4 2 2 14 3 1
Reilly. 3 b 4 1110 4 0
Iburg. p 4 110 0 2 0
Totals S2 7 11 7 27 18 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 10 0 1 0— 3
Base hits 0 112 2 0 2 2 0—10
San Francisco 0 4002010*— 7
Base hits 1 5 0 12 110 •— 11
Runs responsible for— Iburg 1, Doyle 4. Two
base hits— Brockhoff, Hlldebrand. Pabst. Sacri
fice hits — Hlldebrand, Doyle, Levy. First base
on errors — San Francisco 0. Sacramento 1. First
base on called balls— Pan Francisco 4, Sacra
mento 1. Left on bases— San Francisco 7, Sac
ramento 4. Struck out— By Iburgr 2, by Doyle 1.
Double play — KruR to Schwartz to Pabst. Wild
pitch — Doyle. Time of same — One hour an<l 35
minutes. Umpire— Donohue. Ofiicial ecorer— J.
W. Stapleton.
MORNTNG OAXLAND GAME.
San Francisco 9, Sacramento 2.
Nothing but nine runs would satisfy
Hank's nine swatters in the morning
game. They got a tasto of victory out of
Saturday's contest, and they liked its lin
gering effects. Perrine. who was quite
easy the day before, was called upon to
do box work before the game was fin
ished. Shanahan started on the slab for
Sacramento and was quite an easy target
for the local men. Helped along by the
errors of his team, Shanahan made run
getting a feature of San Francisco's
play.
In the fifth irming five hits by Frisco
resulted in three runs. Everybody had a
chance at it, and the champions were
kept busy chasing the ball from one end
of the field to the other. The San Fran
ciscos did not play their customary earn
est, hard-fielding game. .Reilly with a
couple of slim chances committed two
grievances. Pabst. Levy and Krug were
also guilty of breaches of good baseball
playing.
Knell, who represented Hank in the
box, allowed but four hits oft his deliv
ery, but one of these was a hdmer by
McLaughlin. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. c. t 3 2 12 3 0 0
Hlldrtrand, r. t.... 4 11110 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 2 1 0 2 S 0
Pabst. lb 8 12 2 9 0-1
Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 8.1 0
Levy. 1. t 2 1 1 0-8 0 1
Kru?. 8. 8 4 10 0 0 4 1
Rellly. 3b 4 12 0 12 2
Knell, p 4 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 32 9 9 5 27 1J 5
SACRAMENTO.
AB. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
MoLaughMn, 1. f 4 110 10 0
Eapan. s. 8 4 0 0 0 3 5 0
Hushes, c. t 4 0 0 13 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 10 9 0 0
6tanley, c 4 110 3 2 0
Doyle. 3b 4 0 10 3 11
Phanahan. p.. r. I.... 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Ktultz. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 4 0
Jennie, r. t 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
J'errine, p 10 0 0 0 0 1
Totals 35 2 4 1 24 12 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 110-2
Base hits 0 00100111-4
San Francisco 2 10 13 110 "—9
Base hits 0 1 0 0 S 1 2 0 •-»
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Knell 1, Shanahan 5,
Perrlne 1. Home run— McLaughlin. Two-base
hit^— Levy, RelUy. Brockhoff. First bas» on
errors— San Francisco 2, Sacramento 6. First
base on called balls— San Francisco 9. Left on
base!! San Francisco 6, Sacramento 5. Struck
out— By Knell 7. by Shanahan 1, by Perrlne 1.
Double play— Doyle (unassisted). Wild pitches —
Shanahan 2. Knell 1. Time of game— 1M5. Um
pire— Donohue. Official scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
Hank's Men Play Fast Ball
and Find Doyle an
Easy Mark.
Champions Prove Anything but Pen
nant-Winners During Their Last
Three Matches With San
Francisco.
ENTIRE SERIES
OF GAMES WON
BY LOCAL HIE
I, STOCKTON. July 29.— It required eleven
innings to decide the ball game between
Oakland and Stockton at Goodwater
Grove to-day. Up to the eleventh inning
the score was 1 to 1, but In the eleventh
Mosklman weakened and the Millers
opened up for a single, two doubles and
a trio, netting five tallies and making the
score 6 to 1. Score:
STOCKTON.
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f 6 13 0 2 0 0
McGucken, c. f 4 12 13 0 0
Pace, c 6 0 10 8 10
'Streib. lb 4 0 1 0 15 0 0
Lockhead, 2b 4 12 2 110
Babbitt, ss 4 0 0 0 17 2
Moore, 3b 3 1112 4 1
Morrow, r. f 4 110 0 0 0
Whalen, p 3 10 113 0
Totals 37 6 11 5 33 IS 3
OAKLAND.
/ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. c. f 5 110 4 10
Lance, 3b 2 0 1110 0
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 10 14 1
Francks. ss 4 0 0 1 3.0 1
Mosklman, p 3 0 0 13 3 0
Held. r. f. & 3b 4 0 1 0 4 3 0
Bowman, 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Borchers, lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 0
Carter, c 4 0 0 0 4 7 0
Hardie, r. f 3 0 10 10 1
Totals 37 1 5 3 # 32 IS ~S
•Morrow out for interfering with catcher.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Stockton 0 1000000005—6
Base hits 2 111011000 4-11
Oaklani 1 0000000000—1
Base hits 1 0000101011—5
SUMMARY.
Games at Other Points.
Runs responsible for— Mosklman 5. Three
base hit— Morrow. Two-base hits— Moore. Mc-
Carthy. Pace. Sacrifice hits — Babbitt. Moore,
McGucken (2). Arrellar.es. First base on errors
—Stockton 2, Oakland 2. Left on bases — Stock
ton 9, Oakland 8. Struck out— By Whalen 5, by
Mosklman 2. First base on baK»— Off Whalen
1. off Moskiman 8. Wild pitch— Mosklman.
Time of same — 2 hours and 22 minutes. Umpire
—Jack O'Connell. Official scorer-A. H. Harlin.
ANTIOCH. July 29.— The Old Peppers
beat the Stockton .Mails on the Antioch
diamond this afternoon. Score 3 to 2.
COI.USA, July 29. — The game to-day re
sulted: Colusa 11, Willows 1.
SAX RAFAEL, July 29.-A spendid
game of baseball was played here this
afternoon at the Eastside grounds be
tween the San Kafaels and the Independ
ents of San Francisco. The visitors won
by a score of 5 to 3.
VENTURA, July 29.— This afternoon In
the Southern California League game the
Pacifies of Los Angeles defeated the local
team by a score of 6 to 5.
Score Was One All Until the Last
Inning and Then the Millers
I/et Loose on Moski-
Eleven Innings of High
Class Ball and the Dudes
Succumb.
STOCKTON WINS
WHEN MOSKIMAN
LOSES HIS ARM
TOMMY RYAN WILL
SOON BE ON DECK
4+
THE GAN FRANCISC6 CALL, MONDA t Y, JULY 30, 1900.
/ Rebekah. . Installation.
The last of the local Rebekah installa
tions for the term took place last night in
the hall of Mission Lodge, In the presence
of a very large number of the friends of
members. The installing officer was Mra
E. M. Cyrus, D. D. G. P.. who was assist
ed by Mrs. Alma E. Jensen as grand mar
shal and a full corps of acting grand
officers. The officers for the current term
are: Parthenla Burkhardt, P. N. G.; Mrs.
L. Watson, wife of Grand Master W. W.
Watson. N. G.; Margaret Duncan, V. G.;
Nellie M. Miller. R. S.: Dora Bahpf W.:
Emma Craw* ord.C. : Helen F. Larimer,
chaplain; Gertie wimmer, R. S. to N. G •
Lizzie Bahr. L. S. to N. G.: Mrs. Nichols
R. S. to V. G.; Alice Fournier, L S. to V
G.: Mary Mason, I. G-: Dr. Conlon, O.. o
After the installation Mrs. W. W. Barnes
the retiring past noble grand, was pre
sented with a handsome jewel of her rank
in the order and Miss Burkhardt, the re
tiring noble grand, was presented with a
valuable three link pjn-
Crook Dons Woman's Dress He Stole
and Accosts Policeman G-si
man on the Street.
Policeman William Gelman of the Cen
tral station was cleverly deceived by a
thief a few nights ago.
Geiman. whose beat is on Grant ave
nue, was informed that a room In a lodg
ing-house on Bush street had been broken
into and a silk dress and a costly hat
taken. Anxious to swell his record Gel
maji, who is considered one of the most
vigilant officers on the force, after mak
ing an examination of the room and get
ting a description of the stolen articles,
started out to find the thief.
After searching the various haunts in
the tenderloin for the culprit without ob
taining a trace of him Geiman walked
along Grant avenue In the hope of meet-
Ing somebody who might furnish him a
cl ? w ,J, 0 the Perpetrator of the crime.
While standing at the corner of Geary
? . . G J" a ht avenue he was pleasantly sa
1* d i b & th l th J ef « wh0 was dressed In
the clothes he had stolen. Geiman. who
Is noted for his gallantry, thinking that
the person who had saluted him was a
woman, raised his hat and walked on.
i JfY* m nutes la ter he learned that the
Individual who had spoken to him was
£?>,>? £*:£ than the bold crook who had
robbed the room In the lodging-house and
m order to elude the officer, whom he
knew was looking for him. had donned
the dress and hat. His face was hidden
by a heavy veil, which he also took from
the room, making his disguise complete.
Geiman reported the occurrence to his
superiors and several men were at once
sent out to round up the thief, but with
out success. Since then Geiman has been
very careful about mistaking a crook for
a woman. He vows that he will make it
very Interesting for the room thief In case
ho falls Into his hands.
COPPER SEARCHING FOR
THIEF CLEVERLY FOOLED
AGED MAN ROBBED OF
ALL HIS POSSESSIONS
small mite of money and the tools with
which he gained a livelihood. Being a
cripple and having the weight of four
score years upon him, he is unable to per
form manual labor. He had earned his
daily bread by making wax flowers, but
the implements with which this work was
done were taken by the thieves, so as a
last resort he sought the poorhouse,
where he expects to end his existence.
Hyland was born and lived in St. Gal
len/Switzerland. until four years ago. He
made wax flowers and figures and on the
proceeds of this handiwork raised a large
family. He came to Chicago when he
gave up his home in the beautiful Alps
arid pursued the same line of work.
Kventually he decided to come "West, and
arrived In San Francisco three days ago.
He secured lodgings at a house the name
of which he cannot remember, and after
paying the first night's rent had but $5 in
his pocket.
That j.ight three thieves entered his
room and two of them held him while the
third went through his clothes. The old
man is a cripple and could make no re
sistance. "When the robbers left they had
with them not only the money but his
tools.
Until last night Hyland roamed over the
streets. He had no money to buy new
tools and finally gave up in despair. He
asked to be sent to the Almshouse, and
the police heeded his request.
Charles Hyland's Pathetic Bequest to
Be Allowed to End Days
in Almshouse.
A pathetic story~ was told by Charles
Hyland, an aged Swiss, when he applied
at the California-street police station last
night to be sent to the Almshouse. He
has been in this city but three days, and
during that time has been robbed of his
ARMY AND NAVY PARLOR
; ENTERTAINS THE LADIES
8
In all India Madras Is the only eft?
where electricity 13 used as a power Cur
street railroad^, .
Dr. Frank of Berlin has discovered a
new fungus which destroys the roots of
wheat; he has named It "Killer of the
Wheat Stalk," -^^.-.^.TOAKLAND, July 29.-Rev. Charles R.
Brown, pastor of the First Congregation
al Church, resumed services to-day.
The First Unitarian Church will be re
opened next Sunday. Rev. Benjamin Fay
Mills will occupy tho pulpit.
Kev. M. H. Babcock of Burlington, Vt.,
preached to-day at the Free Baptist
Church. An effort Is being made to se
cure his services as permanent pastor.
Rev. A. W. Rider preached to-day at
the First Baptist Church.
Rev. J. M. Van Every and Rev. E. B.
Bradley occupied the pulpit of the Ply
mouth-avenue Congregational Church to
day.
"Christianity and Citizenship on Be
coming a United States Citizen" was the
subject of a discourse to-day by Rev.
Alfred Bayley, pastor of the Fourth Con
gregational Church, who wan naturalized
last week.
Rev. Charles N. Lathrop. the new rector
PASTORS RESUME WORK
AFTER SUMMER VACATION
DEATH CAME AFTER
A LONG, USEFUL LIFE
OAKLAND. July 29.— Mrs. Ruby Hu
gunin, wife of the late Captain Edward
Hugunin and grandmother of Mrs. Webb
X. Pearce, died at an early hour this
morning after a long and useful life. She
had reached tho ripe old age of So years
and finally succumbed to heart trouble.
She was born in De Peyster, St. Lawrence
County, X. Y., July 1, 1515, and in 1S3S
moved to Chicago. In 1S63 she came to
California, settling at Napa," where she
lived until 1874. when she came to Oak
land. The funeral will take place Monday
from the residence of Webb N. Pearco, on
Prospect avenue.
Deaths in Berkeley.
BERKELEY. July 23.— Mr3. Gretna. An
i derson, a native of Denmark, aged 57
I vears died yesterday at her home. 1060
i t'niversity avenue. She had resided In,
i Berkeley for the past twenty years. Three
! grown children survive her.
Miss Matilda Smith died last night at
I her home. 2423 Grove street. She was a
native of Garland. Me., aged 84 years. Sh*>
had been a resident of California twenty
| seven years.
S~\AKLAND, July 2p.—"If Jesus Christ came to Oakland
\_yhc zvould have a mighty hard time if he wanted to run for
Thus did Commander Booth-Tucker of the Salvat'ion Army
voice the sentiments to-day ivhich Mayor Snow of this city ex
pressed iivpublic not long ago. The commander 'was speaking at
the rally of the Salvation Army held this afternoon in the Ex
position building. A large audience occupied the 'floor of the audi
torium, while the red shirts and blue bonnets wci'c massed on the
platform, where hallelujah shouts prevailed. Continuing his ad
dress, the commander said:
"Christ zvould want the managers of the Chutes to save pco-^
pie's souls instead of providing lions and zvatcr falls for their
amttsement; he z^oiild want to turn the theaters into Salvation
Armv barracks, and above all he zvould come out zvith'a sma)l
minority in a contest for Mayor."
This evening Commander Booth-Tucker addressed another,
large meeting in the Exposition building.
This morning he visited San Qucntin and spoke toJhe con
victs. To-morrow he zvill "inspect the Hofnc of Rest at Pacific
Grove and thai ivill visit San Jose and Sacramento. From Fri
day''to Sunday he zvill be at the Salvationists' farm colony at
Solcdad, his . departure for the East taking place on August 6.
"CHRIST WOULD NOT BE IN
IT IN A RACE FOR MAYOR"
BERKELEY, July 23.— The Marston
Hose Company gave a banquet last even
ing in Odd Fellows' Hall to the members
of all the other fire companies In town.
Eighty guests were seated at the tables.
The banquet was held not only for a
social time but for the purpose of draw-
Ing the volunteer firemen closer together
for future business relations. The fire
boys have long felt that they have not
received what was due them from the
citizens or from the Town Trustees. By
uniting they look for better results.
Town Marshal Richard Lloyd was toast
master of the evening. Toasts were. made
by M. Doody, ex-volunteer fire chief of
Oakland: A. G. Frick. C. A. Gregory,
George Schmidt, T. C. Rowe. James Ken
ney. C. E. Thomas. William Carey. Dan
Madden, R. C. Richardson. James Ken
ney and Charles McClaln. Selections were
sung by B. F. Calhoun and John O'Toole.
From the speeches made It is evident
the boys will unite In an attempt to se
cure a paid Fire Department.
AT BANQUET FIREMEN
VOICE THEIR NEEDS
Anti-Saloon League Meets.
BERKELEY. July 23.— The Anti-Saloon
League of Rerkeley held a mass-meeting
this afternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the Trin
ity M. E. Church -In tho interests of the
temperance movement In this city. O U
May, the president of the league, pre
sided. Addresses were made by Mrs. M
II. Cartwrigbt. William Whitney, the
Itev. J. D. Foster. E, C. Arnold, R. A.
Fisher, W H. 13one and Isaac Bangs.
Hereafter temperance meetings will be
held each Sunday afternoon. Next Sun
day the gathering will be at the Baptist
church.
Oakland Office- San Francisco Call.
1118 Uroadway. July 23.
The real estate market is just beginning
to feel the Influence -of the approaching
eeason. The summer dullness is begin
ning to wear off, axid the indications are
that the coining month will see a notice
able improvement, while the winter Is
looked forward .to as a lime of great
activity. The railroad situation on thi3
fcide of the bay is expected to bring about
Central activity to the northward of Oak
lar.d, for the San Pablo avenue electric
lin* is being constructed to West Uerke
ley and will be in operation In the course
cf a month or two. The Macdonald-Hen
thaw electric road from Point Richmond
will take detinite shape before the Contra
Costa Supervisors one week from Mon
day, and this will boom real estate be
tween Oakland and the present terminus
of the Santa J'e fc yj?tem. The general
opinion seems to be that something will
Portly be done with the California and
Nevada Kail road, which lends additional
Interest to realty in that section.
"This is the cull season of the year,
paid A. S. Macdunald. of J. H. Macdonald
£: Co., "but the Indications were never
better for a lively market this winter.
There is now a good demand fur lots and
email pieces, but there will hardly^ be
any general move in real fcsiate until bep
tember. The prospect* of Oakland were
never letter than now."
I\ J. Woodward of William J. Dingee &
Co. reports? as follows:
"Sales aro pood for this time of the
year, better than for any summer in sev
eral years past. We are looking forward
to a lively winter upou this side of the
bay."
"There 1" an increased demand for res
idence property." said \V. J.- I^aymance of
M. J. Laymsnce 4= Co. "We find many
pocple renting a house with the privilege
of purrhasin^, and we havo sold mucn
property to people from tho northern
mines. We anticipate a good season, par
ticularly jis there are many strangers In
California, many of whom are buying and
tattling here."
O«orge \V. Austin & Co. of IOCS Broad
way report* an increased demand for Im
proved residence property, and the follow
lnc sales: House and lot 40 by 125 feet on
Filbert ft root near Klirhteenth for Cap
tain K. 1*. L>rew to Frank Krev, for J30G0;
fcoupo and lot Do by 340 feet on Thirty-fifth
Ftreet nrar San Pnblo avenue for J. Jar
rett to Mrs. Kaffine Frison. for J2300;
honse and. lot S3 Uy 105 f»»«»t on Piedmont
avenue near Jtose for William T. Harris
to Mrs. Rosetta B. Damon, for $2000; also
a store and lot 25 by 102 feot op Eighth
v str<-«»t In West Oakland for Charles Stocky
to Wlliiam Rutherford, and a cottage o'f
: five rooms with lot 25 by 140 feet In Isabel
la Etrtrt for tho Pacific States Building
and Loan Association of Sari Francisco.
(jeneral Activity Expected
Duricg the Coming
Winter.
RAILROADS HELP
OAKLAND'S REAL
ESTATE MARKET
the extra-Judicial announcement of Chief
Justice Taney and the majority of the
Supreme Court that the Missouri compro
mise was void, because Congress had no
constitutional power to legislate against
the interests of tne owners of slaves any
more than against those of owners of
other forms of property. Slave owners,
therefore, had the right to carry their
slaves wherever they chose upon Federal
territory without Jeopardy to their own
ership. Douglas stood loyally by the de
cision. To other minds the argument of
the Chief Justice seamed to knock the
foundations from under his popular sov
ereignty doctrine: but he strove with skill
and plausibility to harmonize the oppos
ing views and carried with him the North
ern Democrats. These found themselves,
like the Democrats of the South, first dep
recating and apologizing for slavery, then
condoning and finally admiring and advo
cating it as a boon and a blessing to the
African race and the Ideal condition of
the negro. So the great party stood com
mitted, temporarily, as a matter of parti
san policy to the support of slavery: ancl
by the decision of the court the political
issue between the parties was clearly de
tined The Democrats henceforth upheld
the view that the Territories were the
common possession of the whole nation,
purchased at the cost of Southern as well
as Northern sacrifice, and that all prop
erty riphts were equally sacred there.
From this vantage ground Southerners
were able ere long as we shall see to
take one step further and declare sla\
eS established in the Territories with the
United States as Us guardian.
Against thin position the Republicans
maintained that the rights of slavery
were and had always been only local and
statutory and not to be recognized be
yond the limited sovereignty of the States
which created them. ;
Douglas and the Lecompton Consti-
tution.
In 1837 Kansas renewed her application
for statehood and the pro-slavery Legis
lature presented the Lecompton constitu
tion This. It will be remembered, was
never adopted by the people of the Ter
ritory The pro-slavery convention which
framed the pro-slavery document permit
ted the voters to pronounce upon one sec-
Ifon only, and not until by a new Legisla
ture the whole constitution was submit
ted to the people. In January. 1ST.6, would
the free State settlers take part in an
election upon the question. Then a ma
loritv of over 10.000 was given against it.
uro-Mavery settlers declining to vote.
The discussion respecting the Lecomp
ton constitution was now transferred to
the chambers of Congress and became a
matter of national Interest. The adminis
tration was det^rtnined to force the ob
noxious instrument upon the undeniably
Farge free State population but It was
soon found that a strong Northern ele
ment in the party would resist the nefa
rious scheme. Douglas Proved his real
manliness and courage and honesty by
boldly opposing the plot.
The administration wing of the party
was enraged at the defection of their
ablest leader. All the power o f govern
ment patronage was enlisted against him.
but as time passed it appeared that in
-Dite of all Douglas was gathering to
himself the real strength of the party,
both North and South. His popular-sov
«rel»nty doctrine was truly popular, and
drew to his side many Republicans even.
A stormy Congressional debate lasting for
two months finally resulted In the pass
ace of the Lecompton measure, but the
bill contained provisos which required an
other popular vote in Kansas, and the
vote was again overwhelmingly against
It. . _ '-¦¦ ."'' _ .
The Lincoln-Douglas Debates.
It was Illinois politics which determined
the course of national politics at this
critical Juncture. The Legislature elected
there In 1S3S would choose a United States
Senator. The Democratic convention re
nominated Douglas, whose course upon
the Lccompton matter was enthusias
tically approved and had made him more
than ever tho Idol of his party In his own
State. Some of the Republican leaders
also urged that no opposition should be
made to his return to the Senate. This
was Greeley's View. But Douglas could
not command the full confidence of the
Republicans: he had been too. lately an
aggressive enemy. Had Greeley's advice
been followed, had the Illinois Republl-
Kansas for free soil, had undertaken by
force to free the Missouri slaves, and came
In 1S59 with a few followers to Harper's
Ferry, Va.. to carry out a long-cherishcl
plan for liberating the slaves of Virginia.
But the plot failed; the negroes did not
rise at his bidding. Brown and six of hla
associates were tried and executed aa
criminals.
Coming, as this event did. In the midst
of xjie already extreme tension of, feeling
respecting slavery. It roused a perfect
frenzy of Indignation and resentment m
the South, and a most profound regret in
the North, coupled with a measure of
sympathy for the misguided haters of
slavery and admiration for the heroism
with which they met their tragic fate.
But the occurrence probably did not alter
the course of history. The Republican
maiorlties In the autumn elections were,
perhaps, slightly less, but they were still
majorities. The bitterness of sectional
feeling was for the time intensified, but
no drop of gall was needed In the cup of
the wine of wrath which was already at
the nation's lips. "It presses on the ir
repressible conflict," wrote Greeley.
Tho Resolutions of Jefferson Davis.
Tho approaching Presidential election
was now the absorbing topic of thought
throughout the country. The danger of a
dissolution of the Union was seen to be
Imminent. A feeling of uneasiness per
vaded the land. Commercial Interests
took alarm. The North, and especially
the West, had suffered severely in the
panic of 1S57, whose effects had hardly
reached the South. If '"ar ">etween the
sections were to follow, or even the los*
of Southern trade, ruin to vast numbers
was inevitable. "Union-saving" meetlng-a
were held In many Northern cities, which,
voiced the general anxiety. The people
called upon their leaders, and particu
larly upon those known to be aspirants
for the Presidency, to state their posi
tions. Seward. Lincoln. Douglas and J«f
ferson Davis responded. The Kepubllcan
chiefs maintained the lofty ground of,
moral principle which they had previous
ly taken, and the people of the North
gathered by their side with a growlnar
solemnity and earnestness of purpose rare
in political controversy. But the preg
nant, significant fact was that made clear
by the utterances of the Democratic lead
ers. The great party was hopelessly di
vided: the last strand of nationality was
parting: disunion was inevitable.
Douglas delivered a speech In the Sen
ate January 12. 1860. In which he avowed
himself determined to yield no Jot of prin
ciple or position, to make no concessions
for the sake of the nomination which ho
did not seek, though willing to receive It.
Jefferson Davis of Mississippi was tho
ablest of the pro-slavery leader?, and to
him all eyes turned. Would the Southern
Democrats take any backward steps? On
February 2 Davis brought forward In tho
Senate a series of resolutions setting forth
the claims of that win? of the party
which he represented. They wer© in «f
' feet the ultimatum of the Southern Dem
ocrats to the nominating convention soon
to meet. The fourth of these resolutions
was the significant one. It averred that
| no constitutional power belonged to Con
gress or to any Territorial legislature to
impair the right to hold slaves in the Ter
ritories, and that the Federal Government
was In duty bound to afford to slaves In
Federal Territories the same protection
as was due to other property. Thus the
i two factions of the Democratic party de
! fled each other. The Davis resolutions
! were debated for three months* and then
! passed. JESSE MACY.
Iowa College.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN'.
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS
PROGRESSING SLOWLY
OAKLAND. July 29.— Lieutenant Colonel
W. H. Heuer, in his report of the Gov
ernment work upon the Improvement of
Oakland harbor, states that slow progress
has been made during the year. The con
tract of the California Bridge and Con
struction Company for the construction of
a bridge across the tidal canal was to
have been completed April 21. but an ex
tension of time to July 21 was granted.
Clark & Hennery expect to havo a divert
ing channel for the Sausal Creek com
pleted by August 1. The FruitvaJe avenue
contract, which was let to Darby Laydon.
is expected to be completed by January 1,
1901. The bridges at Alice and Webster
streets have been satisfactorily completed.
Owing to these improvements a number
cf manufacturing enterprises have been
started <>n the water front. •
Following is a financial statement of the
appropriations and money expended:
Balance unexpended July 1, 1S99.. $3o0.f!,'i<}
Amount appropriated this year 1S0.000
Total $530X33
Amount expended during fiscal
year $25,163
Balance unexpended 305.671
Amount covered by uncompleted
contracts 113.S04
Balance available J391..S70
Total appropriation for Improvement of
harbor at Oakland since 1S74 aggregated
$2,430.CKK).
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. July 29.
The great political question In Oakland
to-day is what effect will the Supreme
Court decision anent the Stratton primary
law have upon the Congressional situation
in the Third District. While the managers
for each side claim that it will have no
direct bearing upon the result. It certain
ly will have the effect of transferring the
control of the primary from the Board of
Supervisors to the Congressional commit
tee of the Third District. Of course, the
Metcalf men had a large working major
ity In the Board of Supervisors, but they
absolutely control the Congressional com
mittee. So while County Assessor Henry
P. Dalton does not think that this will af
fect his chances at all. County Clerk
frank C. Jordan, his campaign manager,
is talking about getting out of politics
and retiring to a ranch or going to the
Boxer country.
If there is one man more than another
who should know what to do under these
circumstance? it Is County Clerk Frank
C. Jordan, the hero of many a hard
fought campaign.
Senator F. S. t?tratton holds that the old
Porter primary law is in existence and
that the approaching primaries will be
held under that law. But so many pri
mary laws have been attempted since the
Porter primary law went into effect that
r.o one seems to know just how far the
Porter primary law may have been
amended or just exactly what it is.
One thing is certain— that the center or
the scene is shifted from the County
Clerk's office to the Congressional com
mittee Under the Stratton primary law
the County Clerk had solo supervision of
the Great Register, and County Clerk
Jordan claimed the right to purge tne old
register for the approaching primary.
This claim was not looked upon with fa
vor by the Metcalf men. so the County
clerk's office was the center of observa
tion by the politicians engaged In the
Congressional fight.
Now the scene Is shifted to the Con
gressional committee, which has tho call
ing of the primary, the setting of the con
vention date and the appointing of the
flection officers.
"I had hoped that the Strnttnn primary
I law would hold." said ConfreBsman Vle
i tor H. Metcalf. "because a good primary
| law means much for party harmony. I
hoped that the contest between myself
I and Mr. Dalton would be under the new
I law. from which we expected so much. I
j think, however, that the matter can be
j safely left to the party managers, and I
do not nee that th* situation In the fight
I between Mr. Dalton and myself has been
changed in the least."
"I do not think that the knocking nut
of the primary law will have any effect
upon my candidacy." said Assessor Henry
P Dalton. "My campaign has been well
organized, and we will go ahead just as
we would had the law been upheld."
Shifts From County Clerk's
Office to the Party
Committee.
SCENE CHANGES
IN CAMPAIGN
FOR CONGRESS
Members of Camping Party
Meet With Serious
Accident.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 29.
Mrs. Arthur Hickox and Miss May
Palmer, both of Alameda, and Mrs. Per
rine and Miss Perrlne of San Francisco,
members of a large camping party from
Alameda, were seriously injured yester
day near the Bigelow ranch, on the Mc-
Cloud Klver, while being driven from the
ranch to the railroad depot to return
home. A wagon seat gave way. throwing
the four ladies backward and violently to
the road. Mrs. Hickox was so severely
hurt that her condition is critical. Miss
Palmer was less seriously 'affected, but
sustained a severe shock.
Both ladies were taken to the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. Louis Jacob!, at S15 Grand
street. Alameda, they arriving on the Ore
gon express this morning. Mrs. Hicko.x
is under the care of Dr. Reynolds. Mrs.
Perrine and her daughter were cared for
at a sawmill hospital near the scene of
the accident. Others in the party were
Mrs. Fred S. Teller, ex-United States Dis
trict Attorney Charles .Weller and Mrs.
Weller, Mllo Hickox and Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Jacobi.
The party left the ranch yesterday
morning In two wagons. The ladies who
were hurt occupied the rear seat of one
of the vehicles. While jogging along the
mountain road a wheel struck a rut and
the seat fastenings broke. The seat,
pitched backward, tumbling the occu
pants Into the road. The only assistance
at hand was five miles distant, and the
injured ladies, suffering intensely, had to
be hauled over the rough grades. The
overland train was held for them and
•¦very attention was shown them. Mrs.
Hickox, who it is feared Buffered spinal
injuries, was under the Influence of
opiates constantly as soon as medical at
tendance could be secured. It la not
known how badly Mrs. Perrine is hurt, aa
she and her daughter preferred to remain
behind until her condition could be more
definitely determined. .
LADIES HURT
BY GIVING WAY
OF WAGON SEAT
of St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, began
his pulpit work in that parish to-day.
Mrs. Rachael E. Davles of Wisconsin
preached to-day at the Welsh Presbyter
ian Church.
William Nat Friend of the San Fran
cisco Theological Seminary preached this
evening at Union-street Presbyterian
Church, his subject being "Encourage
the Young Men."
Rev. Edgar R. Fuller of Bakersfield oc
cupied the pulpit of the United Presby
terian Church to-day.
Since then Captain Barber has had a
miserable time of it. From Vancouver,
B. C, to San Diego offers of second-hand
whaling outfits have been pouring In on
him. while the telephone in the pilot
office has been ringing from early morn
ing till dewey ove.
It would appear that every man on the
coast has a whaling outfit to sell anil
they are willing to sell cheap because
they want to reach the goldfields. Is it
any wonder then that the urbane skip
per should once in a while mutter
'•Damn" with a big "D?"
CAPTAIN* BARBER, chief pilot, says
"DAMN" whenever whales and
whaling are referred to in his pie
sence these days. "IVhen the Bonita
was sunk by a whale there was a feeling
akin to dismay among the pilots, but
when another leviathan picked up the
kedge anchor of the Gracie S. and ran
away with her consternation reigned.
The following day this "ad" appeared in
one of the morning papers:
Captain Barber Is a man who rarely or
never loses his temper. In all and every
circumstance he is his own 'cool. Imper
turbable self,' but .under this rain of
whale disasters he did so far forget him
self as to use explosive language; but
then, consider the provocation. Morning,
noon and night he was besieged for In
formation about whales and whaling and
then when the crowd came with offers cf
second-hand whaling outfits it was the
last straw. People who are doing busi
ness with the genial master marine these
days religiously avoid any reference, how
ever remote, to whales and their doings.
PILOT CHIEF OVERWHELMED WITH OFFERS.
XV. | i
The period of the Kansas controversy }
gave rise to events full of serious por
tent for the Democratic party and, there- ]
fore, for the Union. One by one the bonds
between the slave and the free sections «
had- snapped under the Increasing strain. '
The ties of race and language and kin- ! ;
dred. the common interest in church or- j :
ganizations and business enterprises, and ;
the common love of country were gone,
and political attachments, too, were civ
ing way. There was no longer an Ameri
can party or a Whig party uniting North
and South: the new Republican party
was Inevitably a strictly sectional party. !
and the South regarded It with pro
nounced enmity. Only the Democratic
party remained, and Democrats who loved
the Union saw with foreboding threaten
ing signs of disruption there.
Effects of the Dred Scott Decision
Upon the Party.
The struggle which followed the pas
sage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill had
tended all along to strengthen the hold of
the advocates of slavery upon the Demo
cratic party, and the Dred Scott decision
completed the triumph of that faction.
There had been under Pierce a growing
ascendency of pro-slavery leaders, while
Buchanan's weak will and yielding char
acter were soon entirely dominated by
them.
The political importance of. the Dred
: Scott decision lay, as we have seen, in
cans rallied heartily to th* support of
Douglas he would no doubt have* become
President In 1S60, and it Is an interesting
speculation Just now that would have al
tered the sequence of events;
Abraham Lincoln became th« K*jmDl»
can candidate to contest Senatorial honors
with Douglas, and then occurred the great
debate up and down the State which
raa>le the campaign forever memorable.
Local questions played no part in the d!«
cu«sion.- It was the mighty question
which was splitting the nation In two
which was debated In all its aspects by
the rival statesmen, while their audlenoe
was the whole people. Lincoln placed the
issue before the people upon high moral
grounds. He told them that a hons« di
vided agsBnst itself could not stand; that
the nation could not continue to exi!«
half slave and half free. He exposed the
sophistry in the popular-sovereijrnty
theory of Douglas, while he also riddled
the argrument of the Dred Scott decision.
Douglas was the successful candidate,
but Lincoln, as he said, was "after largor
frame." What was the election of '5S *>
that of "60? Lincoln's eye was upon, tao
larger field of battle.
The debates, while they mad© Lracop
known to the whole country, grreatb'
strengthened the Republican party and
clarified the views of the various ele
ments composing it. They were thus o!
vast importance in party history.
The John Brown Said.
John Brown was a religious fanatlo win
had solemnly dedicated his life to the de
struction of slavery. He had fought In
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
Copyright, 1GOO, by Seymour Eaten.
THE LINCOLN-DOUGLAS DEBATES.
Significance of trje Letter Left
by Carbcni Sperandio,
The Suicide,
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 29.— Italians In
America who are acquainted with the
methods of the anarchist societies will
ever believe that Carbonl Sperandlo was
chosen to murder King Humbert and that,
concluding that he could not successfully
accomplish the mandate, he compromised
by killing PeppJno Pessina. who had made
himself obnoxious by opposing the teach
ings of the societies. After the killing of
Pf**f"* Sperar.dio was compelled to com
mit suicide to save himself from falling
into the hands of the police. Then, it Is
believed, another was chosen by the anar
chist? to fill the role of regicide.
PeEslna was murdered in Paterson, X.
J., by Spcrandio July 17. Three days later
Sperar<d!o committed ruicide, leaving the
fallow ing- letter pinned over his heart:
This Is not of my bid.Jinr. but the i?oo<J and
brave 6ocletj' wills' it. On February 2. In
Italy, it was my lot and my order to kill the
Kir.j?. My number came out in America and
I could not <2o It. They rave tth? liberty, but
ordered that the will of the eociety must t>«
cLej-ed.
Th*r\ I eatr thl» brut* IVssIr-s. in a shop. He
Tr.altreated fc:« men; he beat them I!ke dc^s.
II« nifiie his court ry men worse than worms. So
it wis that I was contented to select him.
Who irl!I tay, comrades, that I did not <Jo
r!jrht? Lone Jive Anarcty.
They have said that because I was In Amer
ica I could do nothing, but I will show them
that I do not taJk only. Companions, either
renounce the society or In silence obey the oath
cf fclood. Furthermore, I notify you that you
will soon hear of the d^ath of two spies, Colo
rata Tiorr:ano and !¦'--« Gruinin. These two,
rr.r brotherg. have no rlrnt t«> «clst. T*>e>- ruin
not only families, but countries. Obey.
While making his preparations for sui
cide Sj><"ran<2io w-rote In Italian the fol
lowing, which he also left pinned to his
coat:
Te«. there will be many that will creak about
IVj>j>lco Pesslna. but ajso in my praise, they
¦will E*>eak. They will tay I have done -well.
They wTO eay I have dene my part to free my
country- Vive I'ARarcS-te.
Strange to say, the amazing prediction
that the memory of the assassin would be
honored was fulfilled. Sperandio, the
murderer, was given the honors of a hero
arid thousands attended his funeral,
though his body could not be riven a
Christian burial, because be had died a
cuicide.
The Italian colony was wild with excite
ment last night when the news of the a«-
reached them. Groups of men
a-nd women* gathered on the corners over
at North Beach nnd in excited voices dis
cussed the affair. Most of the Italians
here are socialists, self-exiled from their
native land, but none the less they loved
the "gentle King," as they called him.
and many a little cottaee, over -whose
maniel hung a colored print of the King.
will mourn sincerely for a monarch under
whose sway they have not lived for years.
L'lLalle. the daily paper of the colony.
In on editorial, gays: "The assassination
of King Humbert is a triple misfortune
for Italy, for humanity in general and
tor the cause of liberty. We extend our
sympathy to the bereaved Queen, Mar
gherita., to Prince Victor Emmanuel and
to oiir beloved Italy, crushed under this
heavy burden of sorrow."
ONCE CHOSEN TO
MURDER THE K.1NG
Groups of Hen and Women Gathered
on tie Corners Over at North
Beaci I>enounce th.e
Assassin.
I/Italia Says His Loss Is a
Triple Misfortune for
Italy.
LOCAL ITALIAN
COLONY MOURNS
HUMBERT'S DEATH
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, July 29.
The congregation of the First Presbyte
rian Church received and accepted with
great regret the resignation of Rev. Rob
ert F. Coyle, their pastor for the last ten
years. The resignation had already been
presented to the session of the church,
and at the close of the morning service
it was presented to the congregation. Dr.
Coyle read the following letter:
To the Members of the First Presbyterian
Church and Congregation of Oakland, Cal.—
My Dear Friends: You have already been made
acquainted with the fact of my resignation as
your pastor. The preliminary step was taken
by consent of the session last Wednesday night.
The decision was arrived at alter long and
prayerful deliberation and only because I be
lieve It to be Tny duty to myself and family.
It will be ten years on August 10 next since I
first btood In this pulpit Soon .after you were
cood enough to call me to the pastorate and I
was foolish enough to decline. But a little
later you renewed your call, and, believing it
to be the call of God, I came, entering upon
my work here February 1, 1S91.
Since then I have been with you In season and
out of season, putting all my strength of mind
and hear: and body into the work of this church.
With the history of its expansion you are all
familiar. For its remarkable growth I take
only my share of credit. Without your con
stant co-operation, your unity of spirit, your
patience, your willingness to be led. it would
have been. Impossible. No pastor ever had a
more loyal and considerate people. You have
been warm in appreciation, unfailing in kind
ness, most thoughtful in sympathy. My weak
nesses you have generously overlooked, and
whatever of worth there was In me you have
graciously magnified. From every vacation and
every period of absence I have come back to
you with glad anticipation, for I knew your love
and the welcome that awaited me and mine.
Wherever 1 go in the future I shall thank God
for every remembrance of you.
I shall go from you with genuine and pro
found sorrow. To thin church I am deeply and
permanently attached. Its officers, members
and x>eople are all my friends. If I have any
enemies In the congregation I do not know It.
fCo doubt I have made mistakes. Xo doubt I
have sometimes spoken unadvisedly with my
lips. Certainly I have fallen far short of my
own Ideals. But you will bear me witness that
I have not soared myself to increase the use
fulness and promote the interests of this church.
I have prayed for it, planned for It. labored
for it with unceasing earnestness Its welfare
has been my welfare, its prosperity my joy, its
growth my exceeding great reward. You will
also bear me witness that I have not shunned
to declare unto you all the counsel of Ood. I
have believed in the gospel, the undiluted,
evangelical gospel, and preached It to the best
of my ability. ;
To leave such a church and such a people
will not be easy. The pain of it will strike
deep, for I shall be leaving a part of myself,
but I am sure it Is best that I ehould go. Till
October 1st I shall be with you. In the mean
while I shall do all In my power to assist the
committee to secure a puceessor. It would
Klve me lasting satisfaction if I might have
the pleasure of Introducing him to you before I
leave. In the near future I ohall ask you to
Join with the session in a request to the presby
tery to dlFSolve the pastoral relations. And
now, brethren, I commend you to God and
to the word of His grace, which Is able to
build you up and cive you an Inheritance amor,?
all them that are sanctified. Faithfully yours.
ROBERT F. COYLE.
Oakland, Cal.. July 29. 1900.
At the close of the reading of this ad
dress W. A. Curtlss arose and presented
the following resolutions, ¦which were
unanimously adopted by the congregation,
which thus finally accepted the resigna
tion:
Whereas, the Rev. Dr. R. T. Coyle, our be
loved pastor, did. on last Wednesday evening,
tender to the session of this church his resig
nation as pastor, with the earnest request that
it b« accepted, and
Whereas, The session did very reluctantly and
with)-; many regrets accept such resignation, so
far a« its Jurisdiction extends, and appointed a
committee to offer resolutions of esteem for and
confidence In our dear pastor and regrets that
he has seen fit to consider a call to another
field, therefore your committee, in fear that
such resignation may have to be accepted by
the church when the proper time may come,
offers the followtnz resolutions:
Resolved. By the members of this church and
congregation that no reason exists within this
church why the Rev. Dr. Coyle should sever
his relationship to us. but his contemplated
action 1b caused wholly, as he has stated, by a
feeling that he can do enlarged work for the
Master in an Eastern field, that should we have
to oart with our dear brother we shall do so
with great sorrow of heart.
Resolved, secondly. That we fully realize that
the Rev. Dr. Coyle has worked faithfully and
with marked and unprecedented success and
ability In this church to Its Ereat edification
and advancement during his pastorate of nine
and a half years, a small part of which may be
noted In the fact that the membership of the
church has increased from less than nine hun
dred to nearly fourteen hundred and the seat-
Ing capacity of the auditorium enlarged by
about four hundred seats, niaxing seat room
for sixteen hundred people, which Is often in
sufficient. .
Resolved, thirdly, that In the proposed re
moval of the Rev. Dr. Coyle this community
and the whole coast will suffer by losing from
our midst a man who has enlisted the esteem
for our Christian religion of many men who
are not directly connected with any church by
virtue of his manly and outspoken opinions on
all questions relating to the public welfare, his
warmest sympathies being always enlisted for
the advancement of civic righteousness, and
by his ever ready -defense of the rights of his
fellow-men.
Resolved, fourthly, that our prayers win go
out with him and his family Into whatever new
Held the Lord may call him that he may b«
equally successful In his labors In such new
vineyard of the Iyird us he has been here
• Resolved, fifthly, that we most heartily com
mend the Rev.. R. F. Coyle. P.D.. to the mem
bers of the church to which he shall go as an
able and faithful minister of the gospel, and
as one who steadily and continuously as well
as eloquently preaches Christ and Him crucified
as the only savior of mankind, and to such
church we can say truly, "Your gain is our
loss."
To our dear brother. Dr. Coyle, we say, "May
Ood be with you now and always: may his
presence comfort and sustain you and give you
great success In winning souls for his king
dom, and when the great harvest home feast
fhall be held may you come in Joy. bringing
your sheaves with you." For the congregation
W. A. CURTISS. Chairman. '
He Beads Letter to His Congregation
Telling Members of His Pro
posed departure From.
Their Midst.
Great Regret Expressed at
the Resignation. of
the Pastor.
RESOLUTIONS
IN PISE OF
REV.R. F. COYLE
WHY CAPTAIN BARBER SWEARS
WHEN WHALES ARE MENTIONED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY .30, 1900.
9
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
The punkah cooll" In India is to have a
season of repone. The Indian Government
has issuerl orders for the Installation of
electrical fans In various barracks and
military stations, dispensing with the
half-hearted and sleepy wallah, whose
Immemorial duty It has been to bull tiia
string of the punkah, or ceiling tux.
SECOND-HAND whaling outfits wanted. Ap-
ply to CAPTAIN BARBER, 506 Battery St.THE *SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 30, 1900.
10
f AX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of M-r_et and Third streets, open
tcntil i: o'clock every n'ght In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-!" Montgomery street.
toner Clay; open until 9:*0 p. m.
ZOO Hayes street: cpen until 9:S0 p. m.
CCS McAllister «treet: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street ; open until 5:S1 p. m.
1341 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
C2CL Mission street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. — l.
106 Eleventh rtre*t: open until 9 p- m.
10S« Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
North-est corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreftp; or'e" until 9 p. xn. _________
MEETING NOTICES. j
___C ¦_ |
SAN FRANC1ECX> Chapter No. 1. Royal j
L Arch Masons, meets THIS E\tMN(..Xj !
V Degrws I and 6. .___ .
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. I. I. O. O. I
F.— I>o«M<? initiation MONDAT *55_'_S5-' i
EVENING. July SO. Lodge will
cren at 7:50. Visitors welcome. //MIXN
J. H. HANSEN. X. O. j
WOODMEN' of the World.— OH j
Tou are earnestly request- *^/y' 69
*¦& to be In attendance at _a '
Uie Grand Opera-house. C^'-M&£t& $1 :
MONDAY. July 2'J. Wood- ruTw ¦¦»* rBr ftl
men'!. niKht. Monster !
Ix-nefx. li'ji'cuM of camps at S o cl-ick. By j
trder EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
THE California Debris CommlFflon. having m- |
ceivert applications to mirw? by the hydraulic (
process from F. E. Thornae, in the Gold Run ;
riar*r Oa!m. near Quincy. l'lumas Co., to i
rtepofit tailing! on a flat: from Walter C. Rob-
inson in the IVadwocid 11111 Mine, near
Mt-a—o— r V_lley, Plumas Co., to tall-
:-.£* in Deafiwood Creek; from "tV. B. Meek, j
l:i the Indian Hill Mine, near Camptonvllle,
Yuba Co., to fleposit tailings In Indian Creek: |
from the La Porte Consolidated Gold Mining
Co in tie Dutch Mine, near La Porte. Plu- I
__i Co., to «epo?it tailings In Rabbit Creek; j
from 2. T. Bimlncham, In the Strawberry '
Mine, -t Ktrawbi-Tj* Valley, Yul>a Co.. to de- |
r>o_!t tailings in a worked-out pit, and from :
C M- Jun treason. In the Garden City Mine. |
B e*r Glbsonvllle, Sierra Co.. to deposit tall- |
tr.r» to a ravine, gives notice tr-.et a meeting :
will b« held at room tS. Flood building. San !
_"r_ncisco, Cal.. ca August IS. 1900, at 1:20 '
P. ~-
,_>">T_L j-ortlr-jr— The regular annual meet-
ln? cf the stocknoloei- of the Hakalau Plan- j
t-Ucn Cot_p_nj- will be held at the office of I
the company. St! Market «"t.. San Francisco, j
C*l.. cn "W_X>NESDAY. the 1st day of Au- t
fOBt, WOO, at the hour of 11 o'clock forenoon,
for the p_rpc«8 cf electing a board of di-
rector* to serve for the ensuing year and
tb» tmnirrtm of such other business as
t__y cc_:« before the meeting.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
j_OCC_L MEETING^
T_e E1»23tj Iron and Locomotive Works. — The
Rascal r_e«_ng cf the stockholders of ths Kis- ;
don Iron ana Locomotive Works, for the elec-
tion of tru£t«e_ fcr the ensuing year and the i
TT«xie_c_cn of fjch ether business as may bo
brought before the meeting, will be held at th«
ofile* of th« company. Foutheost corner of Beale I
trcd Howard rta.. San Francisco, on MONDAY. |
the t-.h fiay cf Augrm, BMt at 11 o'clock a. m. i
L. H. MEAD. Secretarj'-
1100,009 to loan on diamonds, watches, silvery r are. !
eealsklns. run*. 1'n^le Harrl*. IS «lrant ave. j
AGKXTS WASTED.
THE national c«_npalgn; the battle of 1900: ail ;
tfce parties. Issues and leaders. The J. DEW-
ING CO.. Flood building.
AGENTS of ability and experience In life insur-
ance. Call at room Id, S5T Market, cor. Sixth.
"WE handle newest novelties for agents. PA-
cmc agen'T' 1 si:ppi.t co.. 3>ci mn st. I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
JL V.*. JCIXG. atcrr. ey at law. SCTiMarket et-. i
room C27; estates. damace?, attachments, ;
bankruptcy, collections; all capes; fair fees; i
no advance chargee; money loaned on estates. ;
jtUVICE free; divorce law a specialty ; private; j
n<i fee without euccees: collections. G. W. J
HOWE, any at law, yw Market, cor. Stockton. |
T"REE advice; divorce laws, damages, estate*.
collection*. J. A- Mitchell. S14 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
IV. DAVIDSON. ?:: Market st.. opp. Maaon.
1*. «=. CLARK. Emma SpreckelB bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. : consultation f re« : no fees in advance.
CUETER. HERMAN J.. attorney. 9?7 Market ;
et-. r. r.:_; open eve.. 7-S: consultation free, j
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES — FRED WARD _ SON.
Age nts. 46 Fremont *t.
HATH CABINETS.
"ROBINSON ?5, 4- panel folding; door opens; firm
tn_ s_Te. "\V. S. BROWN, gen. art.. 4S6 Ellis, j
IIGLGIAN HABEg.
X "N'TTMBrrR of fine dr-es at low prices; bred to
our finest bucks; LOUD EDINCORO (Imp.),
fe e |_i; DUKE OF CLARENCE (Imp.), fee '
115; fine lot < f youngsters from 3 to 5 months ;
old from Lord Edlnbcro and our Imported i
does, with grand color end perfect feet all '
round; full lir.e of rabbit supplies; free liter- !
eture. SAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE
CO. BAM C HAMMOND, Mgr.,
Office— Spreckels Market.
R_bbttrjr— 1015 Shotwell et.
eelgian hares:;
All the pcpular strains et greatly reduced !
prices. CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE AS-
SOCIATION. Alameda, Cal.
1/3RD FASHODA CHIEF and Lady Lumb. flret
prize Sn England, at 314 Golden Gate ave.
CHAMPION BELGIAN HARE SANITARY
HEAPQPABTEBS; s_I«s daily. 1W»V4 Sutter.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..609 Gol-
den Gate _ v . 6. F., rabbits for salo cheap.
BICYCLES For SrI« or Ksrbaace.
A RAMBLER tandem; s°o<l condition: new
_rm; bargain If sold _t unce. 121 Pa— 'ell et.
UOAIUJJNU FOR CUIUHLEH.
"VTOJiAN would like to take two children to
bo_rd. Apply 14 Capp st.
WANTLJJ — Boy or plrl to board In private fam-
lly; trotn 7 to IS year*. 1220 Howard at-
DUSXSISSS CUAXCES.
A— tSC»; CORNER Baloo_~wlth~haJr In choicest j
location on Geary et.; rent $15; lease; place
kept by owner for ye_rs and is doing a good •
reylng business. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
Lo t, Ke_r.-.y Et.
A— <3£0v>; PARTNER wanted in largest concert I
hall connected with grill, cafe and buffet;
_.*o agency of Eastern brewery on this coast;
establishment doing an immense business and
known from Victoria, B. C, ta San Dleso,
Cal.; owner «-miiloyes about 70 people and I
needs a Mrtt-clabS business man ts assistant.
Viewe of the place and particulars at R. G.
\VII__E. £6^ Keajr.y st.
A— JIM; PARTNER wanted la barber shop In
leading eecond-class hotel of this city; about
ISO per month for earh partner guaranteed.
Call R. G. WILKE. W* Kearny St.
A— 11600— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin
Et.. rest. Including 5 rooms. $44; horse and
•wagon; & years* lease; dally receipts about
ISO; owner to leaxe for the country; a flrst-
c:_s» end rare chance. Call It. G. WILKE.
JSH Kearny et.
A— fSOO; DELICACY and dairy produce. In Ala-
tb+Gm.: rent tS: dally receipts 112; business es-
t_bl. i years. Call B. G. WILKE. 26^4 K»_r_y. !
A— Xl'hO; CORNER grocery and bar on Mission I
St.; place lias been kept by present owner I
for 10 years and clearing abova HZ0 per
month; crock an<l fixtures worth th& money.
Call R. G. WILKE. ZV% Kearny «t.
Jl— KOO— REST A UR ANT and" chophouse on
water front; rent $15; bargain. R. G.
•fl'ILKE, re^ Kearny et.
A.—HVX; CORNER crocery and b«r: established
5'*art and known as a money making place;
best location: close to <7hronlcle building. See
R. G. WILKE. I6'i Kcarny st.
A-froo j:5oo $-_oo
Restaurant, water front;
handsomely fitted;
............. finest location In city;
».... raea'j. Zjc and upward;
recelus $C0 to 170;
rent reasonable; lease;
» Fjjlendid proposition;
will bear Investigation .........
STENIJERG CO.. 9C5 Market et.
J75O— BEST d«.l:cacy and horse bakery In San
Francisco: !a-ge. light store, cn main street,
north Mar!<»rt, with fine living-rooma and
bath. LANK & CO.. 665 Market et.
5IO>— IN money-making location, near Market;
finely fitted candy and Ice cream etore. doing
brisk business; exceptional opportunity for
•_}' one wi-hir.g a genuine concern. LANK
t CO . _fi_ Market et.
AN old-e.ftabili.hed wholesale and retail candy
Fto— • in Lest location and doing an excellent
l>-jslnere: fine fixtures »rid machinery; lnvesti-
E-tlon asked; trial allowed; owner retiring;
price J4000, terms to tuit. Lane _ Co.. 663 Mkt.
1175— DELICACY and dairy produce: large,
clean stock; — ood business; tine location;
cheap rent; eacrince. Lane & Co., S65 Market.
FOR F ALE— At a barjraln: 4 first-class saloons:
S lodging houses; 2 cigar etires; — rocerj' and
bar. I:."ju!.— ¦ _t office B33 Howard Ft., Mc-
'_BR1DE & CO., agents.
WANT first-class tranfient rooming-house, 25
to SO rooms: must b* r-aylng proposition and
b*_r !nv«-Ktlc«tlon. Box S«4. Call offlc*.
53SO— SALOON : first block Market t>t.; worth
?U!00. F»e L'v-'NDIN. 19 Third St.. upstairs.
FOR sale— Saloon; good business; cause*, sick- ,
nee*. Inquire 4t Second _U • .¦ j
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
J1S0-PARTNER: light Indoor business; will pay
over too per month to each yearly. Me-
LA L'GIILIX & CO.. 777 l ,j Market Bt.
$100— CORNER fruit and vegetable store; horse;
2 -A'apms; bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.*
777»i Market Bt.
il5o<V^MILIC~route: IS cans dally; R ol ? / *f r tT E *'!$
oauwvf j-ale; store included. McLAuUHJ-irn
I & CO., 777'i Market st. .
J075— BUTCHKR shop; prosperous country
town; daily receipts $45. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777»; Market st.
JiOOO-HAKERY; prosperous country. . t0 / }" i:
trade r-z barrels dally. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777S Market st.
$110— PARTNER wanted; onffee and chophouse.
Mclaughlin & co.. 7774 Market st.
GREAT rarrifice— Fiir f.ile. rfeltcates*en store at
27<t O'FarreU i-t.. mu*t be s^ild Immediately to
close j>artr.er*hlp; offer wanted.
BAKERY, notions, cigars and laundry; present |
owner therf o years. 507 Third f£. I
\ KINK iiayir.K store; thin Is a prand chance:
" will rill cheap; bocks can be > eon: it will puy
you In Investigate. 1317 and 1019 Park et.,
Alameda.
j-vXX) — SNAP; road house in San Joaquin Co.,
with 10 acres of guod land; 5-rocm cottage;
barn for :i hor«es; trade J}$ to $10 per day;
also included in pale county contract worth
$3 to per day: talk yuick if you want a Rood
home and a' living with It. For further par-
ticulars call C. F. MOORE. 325 Market, r.. 6.
FOR SALE— Steam laundry <loing a business
from SIIj to JliO per week: well fitted up and
the only steam laundry within 00 miles; in a
prosperous town in the Sacramento Valley,
with a population frcra EON to 70o0; reason for
?ale going to Europe; terms $140tt cash: must
Eell Inpide of 2 months. Address Box 3430.
Call Office.
FOR SALE— A strictly good business restaur-
ant- 100 chairs and feeding 100 people" bakery
using 2 barrels flour daily; horse and wagon:
lodsing-house, 34 room* newly furnished:
finest opportunity to make money. Inquire
American Bakery and Restaurant. Bakers-
field. CaL
FOR sale or exchange— Two-chair barber shop,
billiard room, cigar store and nice living
rooms In thriving county site; prices, ¦hav-
ing 2Cc, halrcuttlnc i>0c: monthly income frpm
J"75 to |350. For particulars address GLK-
TKl'DE M. PIGGOTT, Elko. Nev.
WANTED— Experienced bookkeeper to Invest
liOOO to $5000 In an established, profitable man-
ufacturing business; this Is a golden opportu-
nity to flrst-cl_es man with good references.
Cell room 3. 5 Market St.
A _j2no_PARTNER wanted In light builneets
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $1S
to J25 a week; no experience required; trial
piven. 9 deary ft., room 2.
LEADING hotel in Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
dining-room, kitchen, bar; completely furn.;
will rent Fell or exchange. For particulars
write JOHNSON & CARR. Monterey. CaL
TO rent— For coal yard, milk depot, etc.; line
location; place is entirely covered: contains S
Ftalls; rent only J15; water free. Inquire \\ M.
HENDRICKSON &. CO.. 614 Call building.
WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon; must be eoid
within ten days; bargain: reason, other press-
ing Interests. Information. Sunset, 2_j llon'.-
gomery st.. rooms 3 and 4.
TWO stores to rent; one for restaurant; other |
barber and cigars. Opp. new jdepot. C&8
Fourth Et.
£ A LOON for rale; opposite ferry. Apply 111
Ea?t St.. north of Market; no agents.
A Fl'LLY equipped horseshoeing shop, ready to
Ftart work; very cheap. Box 2470. Call.
SALOON for sale; opposite ferry. Apply 111
East St., north of Market: no agents^ |
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _• CO.. 412 Sncramfnto st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. :200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 10?6 ,
Valencia st. i
LODGIXG-IIOUSES FOIt SALE.
MARION~GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Many hotels and big houses. J2000 to J23.O0O.
81 j _5-ing houses. 16 to 24 rooms, all prices.
14 pood houses of 14 rooms, from $477. u\i.
4S cheap hou^s. " to 12 room?, from $250 up.
I have 27 buyers; list your house with me.
R H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market Et.
15 rooms; fine comer; a bargain $650
37 rooms; paying house 1200 |
f.n rooms; clears $K-0: reduced to 2000 j
Co rooms; best In city: corner 32W j
BOO other paying houses to select from.
HOUSES from 10 to ISO rooms; good locations;
hone«t value, perfect title guaranteed to buy-
er-; money loaned. PCHWEINHARD & CO..
S17 Market St., cpp. Meson, phone Mint 1911.
30 ROOMS, rent $y>; near Suitor St.: new oak
furniture; transient: must sell by the 1st; I
price $1000. C. D. DAVIS, r. 69, 916 Market, j
H2CKV— SNAP— 3(i moms: all rented; fine location, j
near Market. BASILE. 3 Eddy st. |
WELL-PAYING rooming house of ten rooms; •
r.o agents. 130'j Ninth st. ; call at 1 p. m. i
CAMPAIGN PHOTO BUTTONS. ;
MF"Y. of all kinds of photo buttons and Jewel-
ry; wholesale and retail; Fend for catalogue.
Miniature Portrait Co.. 933 Market St.. S. F.
CARPET BEATING A.VD CLBAM.NG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 3o3-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
EANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
S42-344 McAllister Bt. : "phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth Ft.: tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4C3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'B, S Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944. I
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 8S4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet -Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone. East 125.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & PON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work * drivine horses, ir.th & Valencia.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEOKGE VT. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. f'27 Market et.
Sl'IRITUALISM.
SPIRITUAL medium. Mrs. Harrison, 855 Mis-
sion; readings dally: 25c, EOc and $1: circle
Tues.. Thurs., Sat. and Sunday eves.: 10c.
WATSON, the famous medium and palmist;
lucky end tree; 25c and SOc. 15S1 Market st.,
rear" Twelfth.
MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde St., nr. McAllister;
circle to-night 10c; skeptics invited; git. dally.
i MRS. HARLAND'S benefit circle for Mrs. Hen-
derson to-night, 10c; sittings daily. 148 Sixth.
MRsT^COTTER, 34 Sixth St., circle to-day, 2 &
fc p. m.; 10c; sittings dally; O. $1; L. 60c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sit. daily; convlnc'g teMs to-night 10c.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.; 10c; sittings
dally. CCc. 127 Turk st.
MRS ETIQUE. J204— FillmQre— Circle thla eve..
10c: reading dally. DOc.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: Klttine Jl. 1104 Market.
CLAinVOYA.\TS.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells
p&st. never falls: has the greatest
Kgj-ptlan secret; phows picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up: satisfaction to
everybody, open Sundays. 1167 Market- St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
Mlli-. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & car-
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c;
gents Jl; palm & clair. elt. $1 CO. 126 Turk st.
MME. LENE-MAR — Fortunes by planets: pre-
dicted overdue stmr Gold wreck. 310 Mason st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry; card reader; past,
present, future. 2£c. 148' Sixth st.. room It
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: best advice, 25c
up. *>_!. Mission, n'ar Fourth; no sign.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palmist
and card reader; 25c 6 Seventh St., no sign.
1IME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212',i Sixth gt. _^
MISS -MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 92m Mission. op. Mint.
MME. RAVENNA re_ds life fluently; business
advice; names given; %c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. EYniLLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture;' 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.,
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; rent $6 50: China ave..
ca Mission road. Inquire CSSJi Stevenson st.
COTTAGES WASTED.
WANTED— Modern cottage, 4 to 6 rooms, bath;
rent reasonble; references. 705 Post st.
DENTISTS.
AT the EI__CTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have, your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $1 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
A— DIV V. CAVALSKY has returned from
the Paris Exposition with some of the finest
patents for painless dentistry, plates, . teeth
without a plate, crown and bridgework; all
work warranted; plates, full set. $5; fillings.
E*c;crown.$3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 6th.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extraction or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex- |
perience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest anil guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farr»!l &t
1 DR. Ll'DLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made* over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, EOc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, J3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of t^eth without plate. DR. II. G.
TOUNO. ]S41 Polk St.
DOG HOSPITALS.
I) rTIbI TZ ; A REVS Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. CREELY'S C.P.mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gateav.
UUE-SMAKl'KS AND SBAMSmftBSSJBS
S. F. dressmaking school: latest methods; easy
terms; dre^Ves made to order. 709 Stockton st.
REMOVED— McDowell Dressmaking, Millinery
Schof.l to 1019 Market st.. above Sixth.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary St., dresses
maJo, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
MME. REMBERT, £30 Sutter St.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
1ns. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
KDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Dusiness College. 723 Market St.; life
scholarship. $50: Includes shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; day and evening:
Just aiidort new business practice offices and
20 new typewriters. .
ALL Etudents but two taking full course this
year eot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market Et:
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.;
the coming school; thorough: up-to-date; all
branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
R. SUMTER ANDKRPON is giving private in-
struction at pupils' homes. Box 349;">, Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Leipsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $i mo. 102* Mission, nr. 6th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st..
S. F.; founded 1S63; SO-page catalogue free.
LE JEUNE Art and Craft School; modeling,
designing, carving, nil branches. 424 Pine si
EMPLOYMK.VT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; rstabl. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 13o.
UNION Japanese-Chinese e-mp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce-^Japanese. Chi-
nese help- -426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. rilaek 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Of nee;
best help furn.: tel. John ?12_ S06H Stockton.
CIIINKSE and Japanese Eniployment Office--
nest help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German girl desires situa-
tion; understands cooking In all Its branches;
best of ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A — TWO first-class waitresses desire situations,
hotel or boarding-house. MISS .CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A COMPETENT Infant's nurse desires situa-
tion; able to take entire charge; best of ref-
erence. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position to
cook lor 4 or 5 adult9 and assist in house-
work: no washing: wages from $10 to $12 per
month. Please call 326 Minna St., bet. Fourth
. and Fifth.
AMERICAN woman wishes day work In fami-
lies; Is thorough laundrees or will do'jreneral
work; $1 10 day. MRS. ROBERTS, 732% Na-
toma st.. near Ninth, rear.
AMERICAN woman and daughter desire posi-
tions together; fine cook and housekeeper;
da'Js'iter assist in all branches; country; ex-
cellent references. Box 3496, Call office.
COMPETENT German girl wishes situation In
American family to do general, housework;
wages $20 to $25. Call at 111H Webster at.
GERM. 1 N girl desires position for general
housework. E26 Waller Bt.. near Pierce.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Apply 901
Folsom st., room 10.
GIRL v.-ants situation to work hi small family;
a good instructor to children, or work in of-
fice: good education. Address 41 Brady st.,
MISS FLYNN.
A NEAT, reliable, American young woman de-
sires a place to assist in housework or as
nurse girl where she can have her mother
with her: references; wagea 15 a month. Ad-
dress MISS C. M., Station B, East Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a competent-.-woman to
do housework In a small family; good, plain
cook and kind to children; references given.
Box 34S2, Call office.
A YOUNG girl as lady's companion or assist
In light housework. Address 1530 Folsom st.
GERMAN girl would like work by day. li
Capp st.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
£21 Mission st.. room 1.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
k.-t ; 200 rooms: 25c to {1 50 night; $1 60 to SG
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription^
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubfrrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ' •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG man, 24. seeks situation In any capaci-
ty. G. CLARK, 763 Howard St.
A TRUSTWORTHY, intelligent young man
(well-educated Japanese) would like position
us valet to gent or lady who is going to Ja-
pan or China; will give best satisfaction. Box
34SS. Call.
YOUNG German would like situation in gro-
cery or tend bar; is well acquainted with
city: has good ree_mmen<3atlon. Box 3473,
Call office. " .
SOBER, reliable, single gardener deslree situa-
tion; understands lawn, flowers, milking; gen-
erally useful around private fa.mlly: good
reference; 'city or country. Box 2953. Call.
POSITION as first-class bake* and pastry cook;
will go to country If desired; hotel work" pre-
ferred. Box 3444. Call office.
A STEADY, reliable plumber desires a posl-
tion. Box 3471. Call. -
TWO young Germans wish any. kind of em-
rlo3'ment. Box 8472. Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS 15 GrftJit ave. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at' Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia St.
EXCHANGE.
5 ROOM cottage; right In town; marine view;
for a 2-story house; pay difference. Box 29C4,
Call office. .
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,'
10714 Market (near Seventh); examination
free; German eye water by mall, SOc; see City
Directory for Graduate Opticians.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT furniture of « rooms ; Clay ton ot-
'Apply 257 Page St. .
4 ROOMS burnished In oak for $4S 50. with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 11_7-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$5000 worth of furniture, carpets, etc., wanted.
M. SUversteln. 1121 Market; tel. Folsom 1105.-
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, Days
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
FLATS TO LET.
100 HOUSES AND FLATS:
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
11 37 Geary, h., 10 r..$S3i. 154 Hawthorne, f..
25 Baker, h., 10 r... 651 6 r $22 80
218 Hyde, h., 7 r... 40. *30% Treat ave., 5 r. 16
SOO McAllister, h., 8 r 45 1419A Green, f., 4 r.. 20
J50V4 Tehama, f., 6 r. 10 1
A— 2 UPPER sunny modern flats; 6 and 6 rooms
and bath each; $25 anfl $2S. 873-975 Golden
Gate eve.
DOLORES st.,. . between Twenty-third and
Twenty- fourth; fine fiat of 6 rooms and bath;
key there. Apply to a S. CAPP' & CO.,
Real Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
GUERRERO Bt-. between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth; tine modern flat, 6 rooms and bath;
every room sunny; rent only $25. Apply to C.
8. CAPP _ CO., Real Estate Agent3, 630
Market st.
A— 8-ROOM Hat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows; J
all modern Improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
A BEAUTIFUL sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; j
fine basement, nice yard. 132 Castro, nr. 13th.
BOYCE, 75. near Geary— Top sunny flat, 4
rooms; bath; glassed porch; rent $S.
CALIFORNIA, 2911— Upper sunny flat; 7 rooms;
also finished room in basement. .
FIVE light sunny rooms and basement; yard.
133 Lily ave. ; key at 126 Page st.
FlJAT to let— 10 sunny rooms. 1207 Mission St..
near EI_hth.
GEARY, 1131. bet. Van Ness and Franklin- j
Modern lower flat, 7 rooms and basement. i
HOWARD. 539 — Sunny flat of 5 rooms, yard:
water free; rent $12.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
__om_BALDWIN & HOWELL.10 Montgomery^
MISSION. 1515, near Eleventh— 6 sunny rooms;
bath, laundry^ yard; rent $1S.
NE. CORNER Nineteenth and Noe ets.. warm
belt of the Mission: 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro-st. cars; 2 lovely lower 4 and 6
room flats; modern; sun all day; rent $14 and
$1S; water free.
PINE, 1313— Rear upper flat or 4 rooms and
bath; rent 19. . ' '-*.-»'
RENT $8; upper flat of 3 sunny rooms. 242
Harriet st., between Harrison and Bryant,
Sixth and Seventh. ¦
SECOND, 513—2 nice sunny rear flats. 3 aJid 4
rooms; rent $S and $10; bath, yard.
SUNNY modern upper flat; 5 rooms, bath.
2313V. Pine st.. near Flllmore.
$11 50— NICE flat of 4 large sunny rooms; bath,
gas and large yard. 3928 Nineteenth et., be-
tween Noe and Sanchez.
$10— UPPER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia.
$14—5 ROOMS, bath; new Improvements; big
yard. 271B Clementina st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
sklns. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant ave.
FLATO TO LET — FUItXISHED.
GROVE, 818, near Flllmore— Furnished flat of
6 large, sunny rooms; piano; front and Fide
yards; family stable; rent $40 without stable.
Apply on premises or MADISON & RURKE.
FURNISHED flat 5 rooms and bath. 1310A
¦Hyde st.
$10— SUNNY clean flats. 3-4 rooms: rear flat. !
$7 50: yard, cellars. 1008 Natoma St.. nr. 11th.
UELi- wa:.ti_d-female.
LAUNDRESS and housemaid, country. $25 and
$20 MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COLORED girl, housework, $20; 2 In family.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter as cook and second
girl, Santa Rosa, $55. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A— TEN chambermaids and waitresses, city and
country. $25 and $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut- I
ter at.
A-COOK, San Rafael, $30; cook. Yolo, $30; 4
German cooks, city, $35 and $30; cook, Ameri-
can family. $30; German girl, housework, for j
family of 2. $25; German nursegirl, $20; sec-
ond girl, San Rafael, $20; 4 second girls, city,
$25 and $20: second girl, Berkeley, $20; 4 sec-
ond girls, Alameda. $25 and $20. MISS CUL- !
LEX, 325 Sutter st. . |
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5 j
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress for Byron Springs, $20; waitress,
Carrvllle, beautiful mountain hotel, $20. fare I
paid: waitresses, San Mateo, $20; waitresses
for Stockton, Marysville, Sacramento, Duns-
mulr, Vallejo, Newman. Bakersfleld, Wood-
land, San Mateo, Berkeley, Ukiah and citj,
$20 ajid $25; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20;
pantry girl, country, $25; 2 chambermaids,
$15
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .
Ranch cook, $25 and fare paid; woman with
a child, see party here at 10 a. m. Monday;
German or Swedish housekeeper for old ladv,
$13; 5 second girls, city and adjacent cities;
60 house girls, city and country, and others
too numerous to mention. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st^
SCANDINAVIAN cook, country; $30. Call
early, MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
WAXTED-An elderly woman or young girl to
take care of child: good home. Apply 1930
Stockton St.. cor. Chestnut. ¦ " j
GIRL for housework; German preferred: no
children; four persons; $15 a month. 230SV.
Bryant st.; call after 9 a. m.
WANTED— Young girl from 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. ;
. must understand reading and mending. 1020
Van Ness ave.
BRIGHT, active girl, not afraid of work, to
tend counter and wait at table In a bakery
and coffee-house. 612 Kearny Bt.
WILLING young girl to wait at table and as-
sist in housework; wages $15. ' Apply 3230
Jackson st.
SWEDISH or German girl for general house-
work and cooking: references required; 2 in
family; wages $20. Flat 12, 207 Larkin st.
WANTED— Girl for cooking and general house-
work. Apply between it a. in. and 12 m.,
2422 Clay et.
WANTED— A' competent girl; housework and
washing: German preferred. 914 Page st.
GIRL wanted for light housework at 1044 Ellis
street.
YOUNG German or French girl for second
work; plain sewing. 1002 Van Ness ave.
WANTED — A good young girl for light general
housework; wages $12. 1528 Post st.
WANTED— First-class- buttonhole makers on
vests: extra good pay. 956 Mission st.
WANTED— Talloress on fine coats. 14 Grant
ave., room 43.
A YOUNG Protestant girl for general house-
work and cooking; $20. 1303 Gough st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom coats: good
wages. 8 Pine place, oft Pine St., nr. Mason.
A YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages $10. 2005 Pine st.
APPRENTICES in millinery store at 692 McAl-
lister tit.
YOUNG girl for housework. 1235 Geary st., cor-
ner Gou^h.
WANTED— Girl to care for Infant* and assist
in light housework for couple. 2832 Bush 6t.
WANTED-Woraan to clean halls; mornings;
for -rent of unfurnished room. 342 Kearny st.
GIRL for general housework; 4 in family. 2024
Bush st. ¦ ¦ • j .
WANTED — German girl to assist housework
. and children; wages $20. . 661 Geary st.
NEAT girl for housework; no washing. Apply
2215 Van Ness ave. / • ¦ •
AN experienced operator on white shirts. 231
Powell st.
WANTED— Tailoress. 2S19 Greenwich st.
WANTED— An experienced, waitress. 123 Eddy
St.. U. S. Hotel. ¦¦ ¦
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker by the day; no
other need apply. ' 813% Geary st.
YOUNG girl to do light upstairs work and as-
sist with grown children. 818 Hayes st. .
' GIRL or young woman to work In kitchen and
wait at table. 258 First St.
APPRENTICES wanted on custom coats. 633
Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: steady work;
highest wages paid. 'Apply Immediately, U.
R. FRUIT PACKING CO.. Harrison ave., bet.
Seventh and Eighth, oft Folsom.
GIRLS wanted to rivet overall* at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S factory. 32V4 Fremont st ;
. no experience necessary; good wages. Apply
to MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
. SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— A woman to travel In the middle
and Western States; must be healthy, a good
worker and responsible. Address Traveler,
box 3479. Call office.' - .- ¦¦¦ -
A YOUNG girl can have a good home, kind
treatment, board and clothes in exchange for
assisting with light housework; orphan pre-
, ferred. Address MRS. B-. box 34S9. Call.
GIRL for genial housework: family of three
adults; good home for right person; wages
$10. 1609 McAllister st.
WOMAN for housework; recommendations:
wages $8. MRS. M. L. COOPER, . Redwood
:, City. *
EXPERIENCED girl or woman to take care fif
.child and _o light, housework; $10; good
,- home. 2520 Mission Bt., near Twenty-first.
HELP WANTED— FE3IA-.E.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear to work In our factory: also work given
home. BAUER BROS. & CO.. 31 Sansome St.
3C<5 GIRLS and women wanted to work on
fruit at California Fruit Canners' Associa-
tlan. Cutting's branch. Seventh and Berry.
WANTED— A lady to assist in giving batha
and massage; good home and fair pay to
right party; state age. Box 3477. Call office.
A GOOD home in the country for child: terms
$8 a month: can give mother work In the city
In a factory. Address box 3490. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced sewers for ladles'
waists and children's wear; can earn $7 to
$12 a week. MARKS BROS.. 1215 Market st.
YOUNG rlrl between the age of 12 and 16 to
assist In light housework In exchange for
EOPd home. Apply 2 Octavia ft. »
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED— A neat youns drl for housework.
710 Hyde st. .
EXPERIENCED operators on gent's v.-hite
shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st.
HDV compositor and experienced copyholder.
PERNAU BROS., 513 Clay St. _
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom St., between 13th and 11th.
CLXPSIKIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofrtce. 2O> Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias been established at 10S6
Valencia tt.
HELI* WA.V'Kl) .UALK.
A^MURRaT_ READY.... PHONE MAIN 6S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP FREE
7469 men for all parts of California, Utah,
Washington. Arizona. Oregon, .Colorado. Ne-
vada. British Columbia and Hawaiian Islands
FREE FARE AND OFFICK FEE ONLY $1
And no other expenses to Reno (Nev.) Dist.
Los Angeles District Truckee District
Santa Barbara District Shasta District
Salt Lake City District.. Crows Landing Dist.
Santa Cruz District...- Newman District
Dunnmulr District >... Bakersfleld District
Soda Springs District...'..' Madera District
San Luis District Surf District
SPECIAL TO SHASTA-COtTNTY DISTRICT.
Redding Delta Dunsmulr
and other. points good wages
and other places; we ship free free
COME ONE. COME ALL
quarrymen, spikers, section hands, tunnel-
men, steel gangs, etc. ; wages $3, |2 50, $2 2\
J2, $1 90 a day and free shipment
It Is noctrouble for us to hire 3C0 men naily
to go to different railroads. Why? Because
It costs only $1 fee; no other expenses; come
Ece
free free
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— 65 CARPENTERS... Carpenters... Carpenters
12 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, 13 25
day. very long Job. FREE FARE
E carpenters for vineyards, ranches and wine-
ries; 25 rough carpenters for building flumes,
etc., 1 year's Job: also many house carpen-
ters, wages $3 60. $3, $2 60 and $2 a day and fd
£S laborers to go with carpenters to help, no
experience required, you'll suit, wages, $30,
J35, $40 and found 1 year's Job
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay *t.
A-MINES-GOLD, SILVER and Other Mines.
163 miners, some single-hand, some double,
some machine and Burleigh drillers for 37
different mines $!*0, 575 and JGO and found
365 men to work about the mines as laborers,
anybody will suit, no experience re/iulred.
J60, $r.0, $48, $40 per month and found, come
see; fireman. 16 muckers, $G0; 12 men to learn
mining
CROWDS GOING MURRAY & READY.
BIG WAGES PAID 634-636 Clay Bt.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARE TO
39 SAWMILLS, ETC
Circular sawyer, $4 and found
20 swampers, $40 and found
Spool tender, $65 and found
26 bark peelers. $40 and found
Gangedger hand, $60 and found
Jackscrowers
Screw turner, JH5 and found Tree fellers
Uench hand, planing mill. $90 Drag sawyer
Woods foreman; sawmill foreman; band saw-
yer and all kinds of help fcr mills and
woods. $1M to $30 and found
ANYBODY WILL SUIT
36o laborers and men for sawmtlls and woods,
you'll suit, no experience wanted, $30; I3T>, J10
and $30 ami found
487 woodchoppers, tiemakers, etc.. for all
parts of California, some at gold mines, fi.
$2 00, $2. $1, 75c cord. 10c. lie. 12c. 13c each,
tools and food found; 2,"< two-horse teamsters
for mill. J60
WE PAY MURRAY & READY
YOUR FARES ¦ 634-636 Clay st...
A— FRUIT PICKING 3 MONTHS' JOB
93 men and strong boys to pick all kinds of
fruits, etc., anybody will do/ $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— FREE~FARe77waREHOUSE WORK.. Free
25 laborers to work In warehouse. 10 hour3
day, $2 50 day. you'll suit, no experience re-
quired. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
A— COME down and get our list of 7SS5 jobs and
read our latest bulletin boards. COME
EARLY. MURRAY & READY. 634-626 Clay.
A— STABLES.. DAIRIES.. FARMS... HARVEST
FIELDS.... HAY' PRESgES.... ORCHARDS...
ETC COME.:..SEE
Z<> stablemen for cy_v and country Jobs; host-
lers, buggy washqff, harness cleaners and all
round stablemen,'?55, $15, $10, $3.'., $30, $23 and
found ' ....
S.'i farm hands, etc 133. $30. $2G and found
37 milkers and butter-makers
$33. $30, $25 and found
12 harvest* hands, 6 hay balers $3 50 day
12 choremen and boys.. $23, $20, $13, $10 and fd
f.heep henlers; coachmen and gardeners, pri-
vate. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
86 blacksmiths, also helpers and horseshoers.
$3 to $2 a day
6 wagon woodworkers, $2 60, $3.
coremakeri<. $3
3 carriage makers. $3 6 Iron molders. $3 50
3 bridge builders. $3 50 paper-hanger
handy man around machinery on ranch. $30
and found: painters, carriage trimmers, har-
ness makers, cabinet makers, coopers and
other mechanics, S3 50, $4, $3, $2 50 day
COME ALL
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— WE GAVE" EMPLOYMENT
1S97 to upward of 17,000 men
«1SOS to upward of 19.000 men
1899 to upward of 21.000 men ,.
SSS teamsters, laborers, for all parts of Cali-
fornia, including San Francisco and Oakland,
$3, $2 50. $2, $1 75 day, some board at home
eccountant for lumber company
boys for factories, stores, etc.. $4, $5, $6 week;
boys to deliver circulars: farmers and wives;
choremen and wives. MURRAY <fc READY,
634-636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL LAUNDRY. ...BAKERY.. Butchers'
department
4S cooks, come see.... $70. ' $60. $50. $40. $20 fd
S9. waiters $33. $30. $25 and found
19 dish washers.... $30, $26. $23. $20. $15 and fd
porters, bell and elevator boys, help for in-
stitutions, saurage makers, pantrymen
9 butchers $35. $10. $30 and found
12 bakers and assistant*, second and third
hands; also boys, $30. $60. $40. $30, $25 and fd;
14 laundrymen. $35, $30 and found. .COME SEE
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— C. II. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
20iJ teamsters. Nevada $2 a day
300 laborers, S. P. Co.'s own work $2 a day
100 teumsters, Bakerfleld $2 a day
2C0 teamsters. Coast road $2 a day
100 laborers for quarry |.i $2 a day
100 laborers for different divisions
Ship c"ally Office fes. $1 Free fare.
Four more house carpenters: S. P. Co. work;
$3 a day; boa.rd $4 50 a week; free fare.
23 laborers for sawmill and woods, Mendo-
clno Co., $26 and board, fare advanced; 20
coal and quartz miners. $2 50 a. day; 10 men to
handle grain, 25 cents an hour; coachman,
good references. $33; 6 blacksmiths and wood-
workers, $2 and $2 50 a day; wondchoppers,
farmers, milkers, choremen and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Nurse for an Institution, jrountry. *30 and
found; meat cutter, country shop, $45; cook,
country hotel, $40; 10 waiters, different coun-
try hotels and restaurants, $25, $30 and $3 _
week: porter, country hotel, $23; porter, coun-
try hotel. $20: oysterman. $40: third cook,
country, $30; marker and distributor, $45 and
board; neat bellboy with references, $35. C.
It. HANSKN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A — ERRAND boy who knows city and lives
with parents for this office.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary gt.
A— WANTED Monday, 7:30 a. m.. with blan-
kets, ready to start on train, SO laborers. S.
P. Co.. work at Surf: $2 a day. free fare; fee
$1; board $4 50 a week. * -
C.-R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary »t.
WANTED— 12 men for light farm work: $20 and
bonrd; long Job. W. D. EWER fc CO.. 610
Clay st.
WANTED— Farmer and wife to cook f,or 8 men,
$40; Eastern farmer and milk, steady place.
$30: teamster, haul baled hay. near city, $30;
2 men for hay press, same place. 17c a ton:
3 two horse . teamsters. , city, b $l 75 a day;
cheese-maker, $35; milker. $30; • ranch team-
ster. $30: laborer, foundry. $1 "3 day; ware-
house men, $2 50 day; machine miners, $3 a
day; drillers, $2 50 day; men to build flume,
$40 and board; brick yard, laborers, setters
and molders; woodchoppers for mining com-
pany, $1 50 and$2 a cord; S laborers on rock
crusher, $25 «fla found: oyster opener. $40:
baker's helped. $30. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st. ., .
MAN and wife for kitchen work in. an orphan-
age, short distance, wages $60: also a German
boy, bakery, $25. MRS. NORTON. 813 Sutter.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — Steady man for permanent place;
will pay $65 per month year around; short
hours; light work; must have $100 cash. 1016
Market st. room 10.
WANTED — A good young waiter who can do a
little short-order i work. Apply . at restaurant
in passenger depot. 3rd and Townsend sts.
WAITER wanted— Young man: must do porter
work and carry trays; Slavonian preferred.
.87 Eddy st.
nELP •WANTED— MAIJES.
COOK for Central America, fare advanced: 3
hotel and boarding-house cooks. $30. $3o and
J40; restaurant cooks and waiters: hotel wait-
ers, country. J30 and $35; third cook, country
$30; pantryman, J23; night porter, %"fl. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY. 623 Sacramento st.
4 SHIP carpenters. $3 to $4 day: pattern maker
for country H day. fare refunded; planer
man. $50 and "board: stickcrman, $U day; 3
bench hands for mill. $3 to $:J 60 day: black-
smiths, city and countrjv$2 59 to $» d_y. and
other mechanics
coachman, $35: man about place. $30: farmers.
$25; Swiss milker. $3): Bwlsa Kardenor for
country, $30; sheep herder, %'X; 3 men and |
wives for private places and ranches near i
city, $30; stableman. $35 {
10 miners, (2 .V* and S3 day and $10 and boaru; |
laborers for mine, $30 and board; 5 stout la- j
borers Kc an hour; laborers for milli« an. I ,
woods, railroad work and quarry work at
going waeres«: 20 shake makers: shinsrle bolt
and railroad tiemakcr* and other axm»n: j j
teamsters fcr <-ity. Jl 75 day; 10 rr.llroa<l la- j
borers, fre*> fare, and many otherr.. J. F. j
CItOSETT AGENCY. e*_ Sacramento st.
lo-CE.VT barber shop: established trade; mod- J
ern fitted; otTers **_ Interest to srood man on ,
reasonable terms; guarantees IJ*I r gf*iJ**2H
for 6 hours' work; part cash. STOLTZ. 6J> >
Market st.
BARBERS-^Half interest In Brooklyn Hot»l I
shop: Rood, steady and transient trad?: cheap
to ?rood men; call Immediately. STOLTZ. S3S j
j Market st. i
I BARBERS— Fhop and'baths. with furnished liv-
ing room in ki>o<I town of YM people; a oar- |
__caln._ DECKELVAN_BROS.._1CC_E11U st
AN experienced cutter on shirts. 131 Powell
• street. |
] YOUNG man to drive butcher wagon. 1S03
I Halght Et.. Golden Gate Market.
ERRAND boy; $3 to begin with. 131 Montgom-
ery ft., room 5.
ALL sizes m^n's shoes, slightly damaged, half
-price. &62 Mission Bt.. bet. 1st and 2A fla.
WANTED— Under presser or first-class presser
cn vests; good wages. goS Mission st.
BARBER wanted. SLAPS. 239 California st.
WANTED— Dishwasher: steady: young man;
wages $6 per week. 32 Sixth st.
BUTCHER wanted; also boy to drive delivery
wagon. 326 Devlsadero St.. near Oak.
WANTED— A clerk for grocery and bar. 423
Third st.
MAN cook. 322 Main ft.
WANTED— A good barber; steady. Inquire 115
Larktn tU j
~"~~~"~~~~~~ _____
A GOOD vegetable man wanted. 13* Third st. ;
. ___z ' " '
BARBER— Good man wanted. 120 Geary st.
W A NTED— Tailor. -S19 Greenwich st.
KITCHEN help. Apply early. 44? Third St.
A BAKER— Third hand on bread. 336 Third
street
WAITER wanted: $7 a week. People's Res-
taurant. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— A waiter; $7 a week. 312 Montgom-
ery ave.
WANTED— First-class dishwasher; restaurant.
2S First st. j
GOOD waiter wanted at 907 Kearny st.
COAT, vest and pants makers. Call 633 Kearny
street.
BARRERS— 2-chalr shop for sale. 1 Spear St.,
near Market. — -"> I
J100.COO to loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
BRIGHT boy wanted for Jewelry store; stata
references." Box 34C2. Call office.
NEW goods; quick sales: salary or commis-
sion: city or country. The J. Dewing Co..
Flood buildln_.
[ GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 2".c to !
COc. '.62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Families to camp and work on fruit |
farm; fare from S. F. $1 2.1: nothing but
white labor employed and no disorderly char-
acters allowed cn premises: two to three
months* steady work for adults and children
over 12. For particulars address 101 Sansome
st.. room 26. or inquire from 9 to 10 a. m. and
3 to 5 p. m., Saturdays exeppted.
W \NTKD— Recruits for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. U. S. Navy, able-bodied, unmar-
ried men of sood character: between the age*
of 21 and 3.% years; not less than 5 feet 4
Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height:
rr>u?t tw» '.-itlzens of the United States, or per-
sons wiio. have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly.. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting Of-
fice 40 Ellis s-t.. San Francisco, Cal.. 530 K St..
Sacramento. Cal.. or 105S J St.. Fresno. Cal.
WANTED — Coal miners can secure steady em-
ployment either by the day or by contract at
the'Tesla coal mines. Tesla. Alameda County.
Cal. For particulars apply to the superin-
tendent at the mines or to the company, at I
3*;S Montgomery st., San Francisco. San |
Franciswo and San Joaquin Coal Company.
2 FIRST-CLAPS helper! wanted In carriage
factory. 630 Broadway. ,
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Two and 4 horse teamsters. Apply
early Monday at 527 14th st., near Guerrero.
San" Francisco Construction Company.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: small
wages while learning: catalogue mailed free.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2« Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years' practice: Examiner bid?.
WINCHESTER Hoyse. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and basrgage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week."
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HOUSES. -.IVE STUCK. Eto— For Sal*
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wedneslay.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 2 extra fine carriage teams. DAL-
ZEIL. Vet. Dentist. 603 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES — Young, well broken; for all purposes:
cheap: best in city. 721 Howard st.. nr. Third.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for dr-
. cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms and bath. 124 Cedar ave.<
off Van Ness, near Geary St.
FIRST. 305, Just above Folsom— S rooms for 2
families; in good order; $15.
$30 — HOUSE of 8 rooms, bath; open plumbing;
new' paper. /1S23 Broadway.
HVP>OTISM.
LEARN to "control and Influence others";
"professional diploma"; terms reasonable.
Address "College of Suggestive Therapeutics."
1581 Market st.. near Twelfth.
LOST AXD FOU.>n.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, souvenir after moth-
er. In St. Patrick's Church, or on the way.
Mission to Fifth st. Please return to 157
Seventh st.; $3 reward.
LOST— July 24. small black dog; long, silky
hair; white throat and paws; named Toodles;
$2G reward. 1035 Golden Gate ave.
LOST— On Clayton st., bet. Oak and Page;
g-old purse and chain. Liberal reward. 409
Clayton st.
SATURDAY afternoon, collection book Excel-
slor Dairy* 606 Fulton st. ; reward.
IF the Chinese lady that took the two rings
from my residence at 727 "Washington St.. Sun-
day morning about 10 o'clock, will return the
6-carat diamond ring to me Immediately no
questions will be asked. DR. TONG PO CHI.
LOST— A gold nugget charm; shape of eagle's
wings; diamond set. Finder will receive $23
reward by addressing box 3446. Call.
LOST— Silver mounted cap of coupe. Finder
return to W. H. BARNETT. 20 Clay; reward.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descriD-
% tlons from U to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS'.
IS Grant art. .
_..N, ;' MEDICAL.
DR and MRS. DAVIES."l5s~vr_rteT7_— Rell-
able ladles' and gents' specialists; 32 years
practice; have treated thousands of cases suc-
cessfully; a positive cure guaranteed at of-
nc; ladles treated can return home the ume
day. try the celebrated HIXDO HERB treat-
ment for home cure; any one can use It by di-
rections; perfectly harmless; home for conflne-
ment. Send flfe 2-cent stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the well-known and reliable
ladles' specialist; guaranteed treatment at of-
Jce, $5, positive cure; home for patients be-
fore and during confinement: skillful medical
attention: consultation free and confidential:
hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8: Sundays 10 to 2.
446 Eddy st.. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
DRS. GOODWIN. well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. K.; maternity
j home; low fees. 1007% Market St., new SUtt,
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' sr>eclal!st: sare and reliable: has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years: treated thou-
sand* of cases successfully: treatment caa b<»
used at horn?; consultation free. "After all
others fail call on him. 10:'3'. M?.ricet> st-
uns DR. WY!_TH reliable specialist: 25 yrs.-
practice- home in confln«m»Tit : treatment at
office $:.; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fiilent!al. M2 Pest St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
Dlt XG TOY KEK. late of Canton. China.; ills-
eases of all kinds curerl: h^rb* ar.d teas: ?anl-
tarium TM Sacramento. cor. Kcarny: atlv.ee fre^
I tma, M. ALLEN. 1033 Market-Ladies" Hpecial-
Ist; hi me In confinement: safe an.i reiuble;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
j tke~savs sorgi. , _ _
; Private hour for patient*; equipped with t?ie
! latest ar-pi-anc**: charges reasonable. DR.
I .J SCBIRMAX.'; Corutnltins Physician. M0»»Vaa
I Ners ave., near Huah st.
! DR. WISE— TIi? only genuine la-lies' specialist.
Orfice ills llarket st.
| DR. WONT, HIM. herb doctor, treats all d!_-
ea<">s of the human body. 11*» Mason rt.
SIlSCIiLLASliOl'!* KUK SALE.
_OILERS.~e^r.nes?~rd-hand machinery, il?-
1NTOSI1 „ WOLPMAN. 11~-1'<7 Kromont _t.
1 n.\Hi-. ta7k"~bar^ mirrors. 5 howcases. coun-
I t«T».' linoleum, ater* ar..1 cfOca furniture atii
1 fixture!!; new arti s^cend-hami; we a. ways
! have a lars;e stork of saloon outfits on hana;
32 complete outfits on our _ftoor. r^ady made;
NAN. 1017. 1019. 10-^1. 1023 "Mission St.. abova
| Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— iil "VS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler-, water Pipe, shafting, pulldy*.
etc. WHITE LAW. IIS Fpear st.
A BEAUTIFUL Ztf carat solitaire diamond ring
for $152: original cost t2Z>. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
A MKAVTIFUL sr.akeshnpe ring set with thre«
rice diamonds for $C5; original cost JtSO.
UNCLE HAKRIg. 15 Grant avenue.
A— ICO H. P. engine, boiler, two drill, air com-
pressor. JARDI.NE. 2:o Fremont at.
A-J3 50 DERHY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pon-
u'ar Price Hatter?. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
A FINE assortment of old-style mahogany fur-
niture. 31* Fifth st^
FOR SALE— Cocker spaniel; pur>3 for sale- at
43 Albion avf.
5000 FT Id-hand pipe, H-inch. black & straight,
1H.C per foot; ether sizea higher. *U Silver »t.
"ND-H \NL) engines, boilers, dynamos, mot<»rs
I "and gasoline enic. H. S. V.'hlt". al« Mission.
A PIX_ suit, ii 1 ): dress pants, J2 75. MISFIT
I CLOTHING PARLOKg. 4-.7 Montgomery St.
TYPFWRITER No. 2 Smith Premier: lat»
model; cheap. Type-rrlter Exchange. 409 CaL
EDISON concert ph.inoxraph— Reduced pr1c».
JT3: concert records. V. 50. Haclyalupl. 933 Mkt.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron ajid -"cod
planers: lathes: Id-hand. J. Burke. 1J9 Beala.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main St. *
MAOIC lanterns, r.ew and second-hand; movlas
Pictures. T'.U LLARD & BRKCK. 131 Post st.
A. 10-TON Fairbanks jcale and f.re and burglax
proof safe. 118 CaltfY-rn'a st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
| MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4.3 Sacramento st.
SAFES-New and second-hand: all sizes. THS
WALTZ SAFK. lrS-ltl Mark-t st.. San Fran.
MISCELLAXEOUS WAVT9.
WANTED-A hun.'.reci-lizht incandescent dy-
namo; modern pattern; In first-class condi-
tion' state price an.i time la use. Address
J. B. L, room 2fi. 3 California St.. 3. F.
"WANTED-^Botlers. 54-inchxl8 feet. KROGH
MFCS. CO.. 0-17 Stevenson st.
SEALSKINS are what we pay bl<r prices for.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, to Stockton st.
IF vou wish full value foryour cast-oft clothing
call on B. COHEN. 157 Third: tel. Black -t',:...
¦_— ¦»¦——¦—¦—— — -— — — i ——--—¦»—¦————— ——~-~*~—~-~~1
; MU.M-Y TO LOA. 1 ..
I AVY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2_ and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bousrht; no de-
lay get my terms before do'ng business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r Z.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
' mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle bids. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond?, jewelry at low-
est rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1) Thir.l st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
service: money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
68 ami 69. Donohoe building. 117? Market at.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watche*. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAI* 13 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamond*.
AT 126 Kearny. room 9. respectable prtva?«»
t place to borrow cn watches. «l!amon.ls: lowest
j rates: take elevator. Telephone r>avia 905.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
fumitur* or nianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rate?. BECKER &CO.. 26 Montgomery.
ANT amount on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent ; no removal ; r.o com. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
TO talaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
ON furniture, pianos: 3 per Cent per month; no
commission. Mr*. Wilson, rm. 1C1. 8 Eddy St.
ANT num. 1st or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, chattels, etc. R. 603, Examiner building.
H. MURPHT. «20 Market St.. solves all kinds o{
financial problems: 2J mortgages, estates, etc.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 60» Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no corn-
mlssicn:' private. *LICK. 113 McAllister st.
TO salaried men without collateral or ln_or»«r.
P. F. Discrnint Afnry. 14?, Plr'^n bullying.
MUSIC VL INSTRUMENTS.
THERE~is~on!y one "best" piano for peoplo ta
buy, and that is the Decker A _on. Full stoc'4
at MAUVAIS Music House, 763 Market st.
If you want to rent a good piano cheap ¦ww
can suit you: If you want to buy on lnstaJU
ments we will please you; try us. MAUVAI3
Music Company, 7t3 Market st.
"WE have the handsomest lin» of piano cov_r«
evrr shown in the city: call and see them and
pet our v*>ry li>w prices. MAUVAIS Musla
Co.. 76C Market st.
AS usual, we offer some fine bargains.
One Hteck Upright, walnut case; like- now.
One Wetier Uprijht. walnut case; new.
One Fischer Upright: in flne^order.
One Sterling Uprisht: r_aho_any case. 1
One Neumann Upright; very good.
One Purtaz Upright; oak case; excrflent.
Prices from J135 up; Jo per month.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Karreil St.
AS We represent the best make of planoa in
every grade from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those o? other dealers.
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. J6 cash. Jo per
month; othjr pianos. J3. H and Jo per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway (Sealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the olil'st and largest hous«
west of Chlcaso is KOHLER & CHASE* 9.
28. 23 and zn O'Farrell st. : pi_nos. organs ami
all other musical ir.-truments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
VIOLIN strings: never wet: best In th« world:
old Italian harp; also old violin for sal*:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
REMOVAL of KeefTe'3 planrv store from Vaa
Ness to 933 Market, bet. 3th and eth, next
Hale Bros.. & will continue reduction sa!e for
; weeks: open ev'ngs; call and get low price*.
A~BF WTIFI'L upright. f.n« tone, handsomo
case, used very little. JtSO: see this before It
Is sold. Th? J. DEWING CO.. Flood bid?.
ELEGANT, new three-pedal upright: sell for
$1CO or rent *2 50 montrT 342 Kearny st.
A NICE upricht piano, mado by the Fischer
Company, J1C0. Room 10. Flood building.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post st_x
Hardman. Conover and other pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. liyron Mauzy, Gabler. Hamll-
ton pianos. 303 Post St.. opp. Union Square.
BARGAIN— Good piano cheap; installment 13
per month. SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.
SLAUGHTER sale of pianos this week for
storage. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Baccn and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
ONE Steinway. 1 Chlckerinar. TrM; Installment-
s' to 110: rent K up. HEINE'S, 126 Ellis st.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos: J5 payments;
for rent. S2 up. CRUENN. 2f.a Pnst st.
OFFICES AXD STORES—TO _,ET.
324 PACIFIC st. and 804 Sansome: __ndso_»«
stores; very cheap.
FOR rent— Elegant offices and rooms In T. M,
C. A. bldg.: all modern impa. : rent very low.
TO rent— Modern stone: well lighted: Kxl40;
rent yasonahle. 3T< Hayes rt.
PALM1STUY.
_- .
MME. Neergaartl. Pres. St. Germain Cbllega ofi
FainUstry; reads l to 9. 518 Geary, nr. Jones.Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Sunday. July 2!».
1 Stmr Del Nort«\ Alien, 7 days from Portland.
I via Eureka 24 hours.
! Stmr Empire, Nelson, C5 hnurs from Coos Bay.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen. 20 hours from Usal.
Stmc Stnte of California. Parsons, 56% hours
I from Portland, and via Astoria 41V^ hours.
J Stmr Luclla, Miller IS hours from Caspar.
j bound south, put in to land passengers.
Ptmr Alcatraz. Carlson VI hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Noyo, , Johnson, 13 hours from Fort
Brafg.
. Stmr Sequoia. Winkel. 4 dnvs from Seattle.
Ktmr Mackinaw, ' Llttlefleld. 79 hours from
j Seattle.
: ¦ RETURNED. . •
i Sehr Compeer, Larsen, hence July 2S, ' for
j Paso Paco, on account of William Doyle, s»«a-
I man. falling to deck and breaking hu leg. Re
i turned for medical assistance.
SAILED.
¦ . Sunday, July 29.
Ftmr Orpenwood. Foperlund . (
! Stmr Westrort. Erlccson, Bear Harb->r.
j Stmr I.u*ll», Miller. San Pedro.
( Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
! U S Rtmr. Hancock, Struve, Manila, via Na-
I ga?akl. ' . •
j Hnw ship Fort Georpe, Morse, Port Angeles.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. i
\ TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jub' 2»— 10 p. m.— Weather"
I cloudy, wind southwest, velocity 12 miles.
; DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS H A RliOn- Sailed July 29— Schr Eu
reka for Kahului. Arrived— Bktn Gardiner
i City: pchr Occidental, hence July 12,; sehr An
1 ti lope, from Nnme.
I PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July .29— Ship
1 Reaper- F'-hr Carrier Dove: achy E. K. Wood,
I from Honolulu: bark Carrollton. from Kahului;
I bark Hcsper, frnm Kaual; Chilean bark Au-.
Kurta. from Iqulrjue:' ship May. Flint, hence
Julv 13: Haw ship Balclutha, hence July 7..
! Sailed— Bark ft I) Carleton for Tacoma.
! SEATTLE— Sailed, July '29— Stmr Walla Walla.
j for ?an Francisco: rtmrs City of SeatUe and
I Humboldt.., for Rkapuay. Arrived— Ship Isaac
I Reed hence July" 10:' stmr Umatilla, hence
July 25. • '
EUREKA— Arrived July 29— Stmr North Fork,
hence July 28. ' . " .
FOTIT TOWNSEND-Arrived July *9-Schr
WlBflfw, from Norn'.*. I
NEWPORT — Arrived July 29 — Schr Erie, from
Port Blakeley. Sailed — Stmr Fulton, for San
1 Francisco.
I KJKT I.CS A MJELES— Sailed July 29-Stmr
1 yiieola, for Nanalmo.
DOWENS IJVNDI.VO- Arrived July tS— Schr
Benrtor Brothers an<1 schr Ocean Spray, hence
July M. Sailed— Schr Newark, for San Fran
cisco. 1 ,
COOS BAY— Arrived July 23— Stmr Arcata.
hence July 25.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed up July 29 Br
Ehlr> BrynhildR. from Chefu.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 29-Schr Ma
nila 1 hence July 8.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 29— Stmr Columbia,
hence July 27; U S stmr Philadelphia, from
Fusrt Brund.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 2S— Bktn Addenda,
hence July 14.
OCEAN STEAMERS.'
ST. MICHAEI-S- Passed July 29— Stmr Ems.
from New York, for Gibraltar, Naples and
Genoa. .
MOVILLE— Arrived July, 29— Stmr Paniian.
from Montreal, for Liverpool. Sailed -Strnr
AnchPrla. from Glasgow, for Vew York. .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 29— Stmr Fer
vla, from* New Tor*, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. Sailed— Stmr Campania, from Liver
pool, for New York.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to July 23-^-Stmr
Monmouthshire from Portland,' Or., via'Yoko
hama.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 29— Stmr Callfor
nia.' from Marseilles:* stmr Maasdam, from
i Rotterdam and Boulogne.
TO SAIL.
HOTEL AKRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
D J Bonfield. Nev |\V S Kennedy. Ky
W A Bremner. S Mateo 1 J Kinsr. w & c St L
T R Hamer. USA H I^jub. Louisville
M Cunningham. USA Miss Laub. Louisville
F A Kenney. Portland T B Wade. N Y
H Weinstock. Sacto P Holbrook. X T
J E Terry. Sacto F R Coates. Chicago
J H Hawley, NY F Beaudry & w, Cal
J O Warren. USA Mrs Croster, Cal
J Parker & w. Fresno Mrs Balch Phlla
W E Powers. N Y Mr Balch, Phlla
M Dinklesr^il. S Raf T W Balch Phil*
W P Cowles. NY E S Balch 'phila
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A McDonnell. Vallejo ;F E Stultz. Spokane
A L Howard, Sydney (A D Kins, Seattle
F Wollmer, Ran Jose :O Monroe, Tacoma
E McDonnell. Vallejo [C Anderson. Vallejo
T JI Gaftney. Vallejo A H Bond. Portland
C Hreck. Berkeley jP R Mercer, L. Anz
E NeUon, Fresno iH H Hansen, S Jos-
E F Smith. S Jose E B Lindsay. Fresno
L Dalleader. S Jose |A Thompson Sc w. Iowa
M J Robanus. StocktonlW* Chlnn. Vailejo
D H Hnnsen. Merced !c Shockley. Vallejo
F Cay, Oakiale !B D Thomas, Modesto
J Mulroy, Sacto <C Durham, Watson ville
J J Rose. Callstosa F P Pnwe'.l N T
O Dahleren. R Vista E C Schellay. Portland
R H Boyd. Stockton W Cueter. Manila
T Fay. Vallejo F Rupert. Oregon
C H Smith. MarysvllleiJ G Smith. Centerville
H Diamond, Riverside 'Miss A Johnson. L Angr
A E Hoist, Spokane '
GRAND HOTEL.
II B Towne. Sta Cruz W S Tlnninsr. Martini
J C Campbell. Nevada M napchtel. Uklah
H J Lauchlln. S Brbra'N E Malcolm. P Alto
H Barnett & W. MontiJ M Rowan, Dawson
Miss Schneider, Mich 'W F Parker & w. L A
J N Meaker & w. X J . W C Right, Aetna Mne
Miss Meaker. N J 'J Melcier. Los Anjr
J W HlRKins & w.N J;Mrs J C "Whltehead.
R W Hawley, Idaho , Denver
J H Connolly. Valle{o \VUm Whltehead, Dnvr
H niumerauer & d.OrjV." J Curtis & w, S Brd
H R Latlmer. Fresno |J B Treadwell. Sacto
A T! I>onpr. Fresno |F Ranker*. Sacto
H It Monre. San ,Jose j J M McGee, Oroville
MrsE M Emmons.Cal ' Mrs McGee, Oroville
J H Williams & fam. C L Josselyn. Cal
Porterville IH W Augustine. PttW*
M Dlepenbrock. Sacto A E P.autrh. Gold HIM
J A Dapray. USA H Chase. Grand Rapids
A A Smallfleld. Sitka H G Shadd. Lincoln
R W Newton. USA W Lampel, St Louis
\V E Dent & w. S Jose'
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to ttm*. The
second time column glvep the second tide of
the <Jay. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column th<!
last tide of the day. except when" th»re an* hut
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
(riven are In addition to the soundings on th»
United Ptaten Ccast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sie-n (— 1 precede* the heleht.
and then the number *lven Is subtracted from
thr d#pth srlven hv th» Oinrts. Th# plan* of
Pun rises 5:11
Sun sets 7:20
Moon sets 9:04 p. m.
Weather Report.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. July 23. 1900— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 55 Los Anpreles 7S
Mount Tamalpats 80 ?acramento 83
Independence 96. San Luis Oblspo 74
Red Bluft If4]?an Diego 72
Fresno 1041
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 54; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL.
FORECAST.
Cloudy or focKy weather prevails along the
California coast and over Northern Arizona;
elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains the
weather la clear.
The pressure has fallen over Washington and
Oregon and risen along the California coast.
The temperature has risen over Idaho and
the eastern portions of Washington and Oregon
and remained nearly stationary In other dis
tricts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending m'dnlsht. July SO. 1900:
Northern , California— Fair Monday, except
cloudy or/foggy along the coast; fresh west
wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Generally cloudy
or foggy Monday; fresh west wlr"1.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
I'nlted State* Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time* and Heights of Hich and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Hay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same a both places.
MONDAY. JULY 33.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 30, 1900.
11
L
1'J'lmel |Tlme| ITlmel (Time I
s
Ft. ( j Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
H \V L \V H W L Wl
W ..
n ...
1 ...
2 ...
4 ...
5 . ..
»-» 4.« 7:Ml l.Ol 2:32! 5.2| *:17| 2.2
. 2:15 4.21 T:5S 1.4| 3:02| 5.11 9:O«| 2.1
. 3:08 3.«| R:2»! 1.9! 3:S2| fi.OI 9:6<>| 1.9
. 4:13i 3.6 9:00 2.3! 4:07 5.11 10:r.n| l.«
. 6:301 3.41 9:44 2.6 4:41 5.1! U:53| 1.3
. fi:r.:t! 3.41 10:42 2.9 5:25 B.2| I
L W 1H W L. W IH W!
.1 0:56 0.81 8:03 3.5| 11:50 3.2 6:15 5.3
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Mackinaw (Seattle |July tt
S'^i*. . » cal '' Tt'nid :.• im v •>
Curacao IMexleo July 25
Willamette ....iSeattle July SI
Bmplre Coos Bay July SI
San Mateo Nanalmo July 31
czarina. Oy*ter Harbor July 30
Orizaba Humboldt July JO
Ai-ata iCoos Hay July 3>
Corona I San Diego .Tulv «O
Walla Walla.... Victoria July SI
City of Sydney. INew York July 31
Bonlia INewport Atif. 1
Pmjrrfso iTacoma Aujr. 1
Wafhtfnaw ITacoma Au(. 1
North Fork ....iHumboldt Aut. 1
Crescent Clty...lCrenjpnt City An*. J
Orace Dollar TJrayii Harbor Aui. 2
Kureka iJIumboldt [Aujc. 2
Ncwhurg ISan Pedro {Aug. 3
Fanta Ro<>a ISan Dleeo lAujr. 3
Columbia IPortland lAu*. ?.
City of Peking. IChlna and Japan |Au#. 2
Point Arena IPoInt Arena lAusr. S
Coos Ray INewport lAus. »
Steamer. Destination. I Satis. | Pier.
Eureka .... Hiimboldt July 2!>. 10 am Pier 13
Pt Arena.. Point Arena. J.Tuly 30. 2 pmJPIer 2
Coos nay...lNfwport.. Uuly 30. 9 am|Pler 11
City Puebla| Victoria (July 30. 11 amjPler 9
Empire .... Coos Uay July 31. 10 amiPier 12
Corona 'Pan IVeeo. Auk. 1.. 11 Rmipi»r 11
Arcata ICoon Bay Auk. 1. 12 mlPler IS
Fta'e CaI..""V>rtlnn'' Au«r. 1. 1RamlPr»r J4
Orizaba ....IHumboMt Aur. 1, 2 pm|Pler 9
Del Norte..t Port land AUg.-l, R amIPIer 20
Czarina ..ISoattle Ausr. i. 5 pm|Plpr 8
Amer. MarulChina&Japan Aug. 3. 1 praPMSS
Bonlta IN^wpnrt Auc. 3. » amIPIer 11
Walla W.:. | Victoria Auk. 4. II amIPIer 9
Fanfn RosalPan DleRO Auk. R-. 11 amjPler 11
J. KlmballJCape Nome...|AUK.. 5. 3 pmlPlor 2
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Mackinaw (Seattle |July tt
S'^i*. . » cal '' Tt'nid :.• im v •>
Curacao IMexleo July 25
Willamette ....iSeattle July SI
Bmplre Coos Bay July SI
San Mateo Nanalmo July 31
czarina. Oy*ter Harbor July 30
Orizaba Humboldt July JO
Ai-ata iCoos Hay July 3>
Corona I San Diego .Tulv «O
Walla Walla.... Victoria July SI
City of Sydney. INew York July 31
Bonlia INewport Atif. 1
Pmjrrfso iTacoma Aujr. 1
Wafhtfnaw ITacoma Au(. 1
North Fork ....iHumboldt Aut. 1
Crescent Clty...lCrenjpnt City An*. J
Orace Dollar TJrayii Harbor Aui. 2
Kureka iJIumboldt [Aujc. 2
Ncwhurg ISan Pedro {Aug. 3
Fanta Ro<>a ISan Dleeo lAujr. 3
Columbia IPortland lAu*. ?.
City of Peking. IChlna and Japan |Au#. 2
Point Arena IPoInt Arena lAusr. S
Coos Ray INewport lAus. »
1'J'lmel |Tlme| ITlmel (Time I
s
Ft. ( j Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
H \V L \V H W L Wl
W ..
n ...
1 ...
2 ...
4 ...
5 . ..
»-» 4.« 7:Ml l.Ol 2:32! 5.2| *:17| 2.2
. 2:15 4.21 T:5S 1.4| 3:02| 5.11 9:O«| 2.1
. 3:08 3.«| R:2»! 1.9! 3:S2| fi.OI 9:6<>| 1.9
. 4:13i 3.6 9:00 2.3! 4:07 5.11 10:r.n| l.«
. 6:301 3.41 9:44 2.6 4:41 5.1! U:53| 1.3
. fi:r.:t! 3.41 10:42 2.9 5:25 B.2| I
L W 1H W L. W IH W!
.1 0:56 0.81 8:03 3.5| 11:50 3.2 6:15 5.3
Steamer. Destination. I Satis. | Pier.
Eureka .... Hiimboldt July 2!>. 10 am Pier 13
Pt Arena.. Point Arena. J.Tuly 30. 2 pmJPIer 2
Coos nay...lNfwport.. Uuly 30. 9 am|Pler 11
City Puebla| Victoria (July 30. 11 amjPler 9
Empire .... Coos Uay July 31. 10 amiPier 12
Corona 'Pan IVeeo. Auk. 1.. 11 Rmipi»r 11
Arcata ICoon Bay Auk. 1. 12 mlPler IS
Fta'e CaI..""V>rtlnn'' Au«r. 1. 1RamlPr»r J4
Orizaba ....IHumboMt Aur. 1, 2 pm|Pler 9
Del Norte..t Port land AUg.-l, R amIPIer 20
Czarina ..ISoattle Ausr. i. 5 pm|Plpr 8
Amer. MarulChina&Japan Aug. 3. 1 praPMSS
Bonlta IN^wpnrt Auc. 3. » amIPIer 11
Walla W.:. | Victoria Auk. 4. II amIPIer 9
Fanfn RosalPan DleRO Auk. R-. 11 amjPler 11
J. KlmballJCape Nome...|AUK.. 5. 3 pmlPlor 2
IliiNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
tSuccefForn to FlannaBan & Gallagher).
UAMRL P. DONOVAN. Mtr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMUALMER3.
10 Fifth Rt., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NDSTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSBB
SAN FRANCISCO * AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
KAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS- 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
¦ at 11:20 o. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 d. m.
BUNDAYS-S:CO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. S:30,
6:00. S:?0 d. m.
SAX RAFAKI. TO SAM FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 d. m. '
SUNDAYS- S:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
6:05. *-:25 p. m.
Brtween San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 15 t 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- j I Sun- I V^'eek
Days, i days, f Destination,] daya. | Day.
7:30 ami 8:00 em Novato. 10:40 ami S:40 ara
3:S0 pml 9:C0 am Fctaluma. «:C5 pm|10:2S am
B:1J pm| w:00 prm Santa Rota. T:SG pm, 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Win-lsor. 10 :23 am
• IleahUburK-
Lytton.
Geyaervllle.
3:30 pm S:fOam Cloverdalf. 7:35 pm t:M pra
7:31 am' ! Upland t !10:K am
3:*) pm! 8:00 ami and Vklah. I 7:33 pml 8:20 pm
7:2(1 am - - )10:25 am
8:00 nm GuernevlHe. 7:35 pm!
3:S0 pm | t::0 pm
7;J5 »m| S:CO ami Sonoma 9:13 ami (:49 am
J and I
6:13 pm[ 5:00 pmf Glen Ell'n. 8:05 praf ?:J5 pm
7:3C am! 8:00 ami 110:40 am|l«:23 am
8:30 pm! 5:00 pm| Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
Etajce.s connect at Pnntn Rp»a for 5I»rk West
Springs nnd White Sulphur Sprlnss; at Fulton
for Altmriii: at Lytton for Lytton Sprlnjrs: nt
Qeyserville for Pkages Fprlnc*: at Cloverdale
for th«? Cfvs*r»: Rt Hopland Tor UXincan
Sprinnt. Highland Pprinr*. Kelseyvtile. Carls-
bad Springs, Smla Bay. Ijikeoort and Bsrtlett
Springs; at Uk'ah for Vlrhjr Sprlnjs. Saratov*
SprlnRS, Bine Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprlntrs. Upper Lake. Porno. Pott»r Vall»r.
John Day's. Riverside, LlTley'». Buckn'li's.
Ranhedrln Heights. HuilvllK Orr'a Hot
Sprints. Mendooino City. Fort Brasc. West-
port. T'sal. Wllllts. Laytonvill*. Cummins.
Bell's Sprinea. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
ami Eureka.
Paturrtay to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
bevond t-'an nafa»l »t half rates.
Ticket n'flcwi. «C0 Market «t.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. nTAN.
General Managfr. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC EAILWAT
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.... 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and S:ft p. m-
PUNDAYS....8. 9. 10, 11 a. #i., l:3i>. 2:3d p. in.
Fare t^nn Francisco to Summit and return, tl *O.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAJS HOT/ OPEN
CUANT DIVISIOM ir.nml «;:ni?c;.
('IhirJaiidTotn^etiil s:-t.)
tK:l»« Ocean View. Son til .-in Frauciscn.. )U:aUr
t.:O«» Sii- Jok «¦,-! Waf Mii'i.-n,< (New
Almulon W««n««Uy»«>»ily) •!:»•»
J7::iO.* Snn'Uy Eicursinn f r H*a Jose.
8iinU Cna; PadSo (it tie aud
Principal Way Sutions tS:23*
•¦>«o* Man J<;<Ht. Trea liixm. s.i.t* Cruz,
P.rlli<r limn. l'a*i lt»h>*. Han
T.nia llfctoim Ntirf, Lonipoc an<l
rm.cli.nl \V«> Stiitiniii •••slO*
•IOHO« flan Jihm and \7ty .Statloim *«J»J
•lli:t»* m.,,, i.w!.Lcw(l»t.»i« 1 .1 \v»».-»i«ti,,i.* 'SiZor
fitl.1r.Sm \\*.l~,,. ICeUwood. Men!.. Park.
I'alo Alto. baotaCiara. -S»n .Iniie.
Tr«* l'iaci SauU Crux, S»:i;,.u.
timiteioy aii<l l'*-slllc <5ruf« tlO::trt»
t^:3»r Han Jowaiut Way Htatloii» *?:3»p
t4:llp SuJuwui.l rri,icip%l W«> Mtatinna *'J: 13a
t»:U«r S»n Jos^. Los Gatoa and Trincipal
Way SUtiotn ?»:0o«
•SlSOr San Jose an.) Principal Way .Stations t*i33«
•*«:n»p dan .!«¦« ai»l Wafiltatiaaa t«:»n*
tll-.4.^i- Sail Jo»g»ii.I Way S--».ti..ti» »^:3i>f
A (or Morning. P for Afternoon.
' Daily. 1 3un<lar cieppted. I Sunday only.
b S&turdsr only.
a Saturday and Sucday. e J 11 Uv im! ?f onday.
HORTH PACIFIC GOAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto ferry.
Commencing April I?. 1100. '
FR01I SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:C0. 'S^O. 9:C0. I1.C9 a. m.j
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto perry.
Commencing April I?. 1100. '
mOM SAN FKAXCISCO TO MILLi VALLST
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:C0. 'S^O. 9:C0. I1:C9 a. m.j
12:>.i. *l;4i. 3:15. 4:15. *5:15. 6:13. «:4u p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS- For SliM Valley and Saa
Rafael, i on Mondays. Wednes<jaya, Saturdays
and Sundays at !»:')Q and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. *SX0. •3:00, •10:00. 11:00. 11 :»
a. m.; 12:45. *l:30. 1:30. 'Z.iZ. i:(W. S;0O. 1:2»
p. rn.
11:00 a. rn. does not run ta San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) nm to San Qtientln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SA.V FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS- 5:25. *«:V>. 7:50. X:*O. '10:15 a.
m.: «:»). 1:15. Z:U. *l:30. 4:30. a:S> p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Y/edn«sday«
and Saturdays at »6:45 or.d 10:^0 p. n.
SUNDAYS-I:15. *S:CQ. »»:a0. »ll:0Oa. m.; 'UrOO
m.: 1:00. 1:15. •3:30. 4:30. 'iMS. «:4i. l:iO. 10^»
P Train* mark-d f») start from San Qs-ntln.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS— 5:i3. «:i3. S:CO. i:CS. 10:33 a.
n.; 11:35 1:43, TUCk, 2:30. 4:r,0. S:» p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:S> p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:00. li):05. 11:10*. ra.: 13:1a
1:20 2:30. 3:45. 4:53. «:I3. 7:0'.. 10:30 p. m.
THROt.'GH TKAINS.
7:0O a. m. week daya — CazaJero and way »t»-
tlons.
3:15 p. ni. Saturday*— Cazadero and way st»*
6:15 p. m. weelttjays <Satarday» exceptsd)—
Point Reye» and way statiocs.
*:CO a. m. Sundays — Cazadrro and way sta-
tion.".
12:£> p. m. Sunday*— Point Heyes and way
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
riicst) ranoisw— r.»t *r Baikal ttntntSOfty—
•715 9.0O )I:U0*.M. Jl:33 '2~3 |J:W
M-C3 13:23 't.ZZrM.
tt,m OtILUD -raol •fir»»J»« ». — ¦.!. CO 8 00 10 00*11.
tl2X3 '1:03 12:33 i 3:03 ti;33 "3.33r.i..
CLOSING CEMETERIES.
COANT HI Union ( >-»rri.w l.au<e).
(Font of Market Street.)
J": 13a ranta Cruz Excarsion for Mir.U
Cruz and Principal Way station* Jf :O.1r
¦SiISa N«w»rk.CViilrr»illr.«aii .!«>•«, K>-lk»>.
i:,..i!.l-ri'tri.li.Sii.t»(;riii ikiul Way
HUtl.un *«:2»p
fail. If Ne»»rk, C«nt«TTilln, 8au .Irs-. New
Ali:i»:!on, * nit,. ii, lloul.lrr Cntt.
Santa Crux and I'rlneipal Way
Kratlo->a •«»s."»»a
M:ISp Newark, «•»» Jo«e. I.us Gatoi fSs-'VO*
alilSpGlenwcou. Felton, Santa Cruz e»:3«»A
SANTA FE ROUTE TRAINS.
FOOT OF MARKET STREET.
¦ 33 - o DESTINATION. • => • 3a
i is i l : l ; 1 1
• z.n. ; • o.a.
S'OO p! 9:00 a Lv San Francisco ArJ 6:00 p! 8:00 a
11:05 p, 12:30 p'Ar Stockton Lv ::3"> p, 4:40 a,
l:lSa|2:42p " Merced " 12:2fi pj 2:43 a
3:05 a 1 4:35 p " Fresno " 10:S) aj 1.C0 *
IMn 5:tt p " Hanford " 0:31 a 7:55 p
4:50 a «:1S pi " Visalla " 8:.'-> a|ll:2l p
5:10 a «:40 pf " Tulare " 8:1.~> a;il:05 p
7:30 a' S:55 p| " Bakersfleld " 6:'X>ai 9:00 p
j 5:15 pj " Kansas City " lJ:^>a|
{ 7 :40 a i '* Chicago " Jl0;00 pi
; c 'toclt-i IStock-
f ton ( ton
IDally.] iDaily^ .
I 4:10 p'Lv San Francisco Arjll:2Oaj
I 7:15 p'Ar Stockton LvjS:15ai
Mil flU'.IO !-*«:¦ fr'IC 4 «>.YIPA5>T.
iPAcinc- •MXXML]
rr»l» !»•»«« nml nrr «*»^ to nrrii* .» <
SAN ntAMIMO.
(Main Line. Foot or Market Strest)
iXaVK — From Ji:lt IS, 1900. — *nr.iv«
*?:OOa Benirfa. Bulsun, Ehsin. VacafUle.
RumseT »utl H»cr»niento # 7i4.1p
•7:«(»a Shacu Kit" w I'nu. Wi^iauu i. i.,t
i;*rtlftt Springs), Wiiluwi. Uetl
Uufl, 1-ortiand. »7:15p
•::::<»» M miner. S»u Ksmon, Valiejo. N*;».
C.»i:«r jjs. »!i<l Minr» Kou *0:l5p
•M:UUa DiTirt. WocJU.-il. KnighU Lmdir..-.
M:irr»fille, Oro»i:ie *7:l5p
"i;OOt Atlauti. l.itTrsa— Mg !en aud Kast *I1:I*>\
•>i:i»t S*n Jim, l.iferntorF, .MCocktou,
litrie. .Saer^inrlib:. Placrr>Ua«s.
M.iry^ili-. Cl.iLV,. Ka4 ItlulT «¦*»•
••»:3l»,i OakiUIr, C'hlaise (fur Yoamnite),
bouonv. Garten # l:l3p
•ILODi HnvwHrils, Nil- ¦ *-.,l \V iy >t .t ». 'I 1 : !",»
•U:U«>\ 1..-3 Aogele* En-reir — MilhiW
Tracy. Ltturop, 6'^>cktuu, Mcrcrii
and Krem<o *«i!Sr
"J::u>» TaBvJHL Mwtlun ami Way SLaliom *II)*.1r
• lti:u<>» TL- UTert-.ii. ' IJ:nite<t— <>ijiieu. D«d-
Tor. l>...«.b». rhi.-a;, 'Ja-Ir
•1I:(M»% Nilrs, Mtenuorr. d.oekton. Haera-
nirut,), .MendoM. HtiufurU, Vi.fi'.l*.
lVrtritllle Mil.lp
•13:011m IIaywar<Ia. .Vil-s and \V»y SUtiom. "*:4*r
t !:«•»[• K.i,-i»iii«nr.i l:i»or Mtf.u.^rn tS:Ot»A
•:»:oi»p littjwirU. Ni!-s aad Way Htetfona. *-T:l.->p
•I:»«»p M.i.'inrf. Man ftnntnn. Vm.i-Jh.
N*|.h. <,'n!i»t., K ». Siuita K »• *l»i! It
•4i»«r ll-uici«. Wincers, s«n«n, ¦-¦¦t«,
WTomllMnJ. Ki.iitlits l.»n<lii.K.
M .rj«»i.:-.. ()n.»iM« 'IHil.i,
•|«3'»p Mies, San. loienml Stockton *7:l.?r
•J:««r Tho Owl riniitnii— Trary. Frmno.
r.4ker.;ft.-!.l. MaiqpM f«r Maut» Itar-
b*r%. Las Ai>x~lm. *1#;I.V\
•3:00r Frs.-ti.u P«iHei!«rr— Martinez. Lath-
rop, .Stocictou, MrrcP'l. l:.rin-.i
(iUrmondfur Y(«emite), !• rer.n... . *l3:l5r
•3:Mf Sew Urlrao* £i,ima --i:»K»r-< •¦ ;•!.
.SkiiIm I!,..,.-«p». I.,. a Aiig-i'-J. I- ir.-
Ing. Kl Puo, 2if>\r Oil-.-.m and
Kast •»>I.14
•ti-.nnp 1Uj*+tiU. NiienamlSan J.jae »7il^«
«U:OOr VhIIbjo *ia:|.1p
•U:«l>i- Oriental Mull-Ogilen. Cbejeuue.
Umaha. Cbioigo *11: 1.1 1
*A:OOr OriuiiUl Mail— ( >g\ea, DenTer,
Om.i'iv i'l.ioi^o # l:15i>
tZ-.OOr Tallf)<i, IV-iu IMmka and Way 8ta-
tioua {9:33 p
•»i«JrOrfjmian!l California Ki j-r*,,. h»-.
rmiieiitn. M.irin.il:-. itr.l.lin^.
r..rtU...I. r..K>t S. I m ,1 V.tM. ««:l.t4
........ AND PETVnii
on the NEW TRAINS of the
Santa [e Route
to be sold
August 21st and 22d
go:d for return
Until October 22d.
Will tell you
all About it at
628 Market Street
or at
Ferrj Ticket C £E:e, Foot of Market St.
DxEJ).
ArfT, Frederick Hugunin, Mrs. Ruby
Ast, Barclay Lastro Albert
UlocminBdale. II, Leflar, Hester A.
Kromley. Kate G. Lyons. Jeremiah
Uurkc, Patrick McCarthy, John T.
Casey, Patrick D. Mclntosh, Mrs. D. D.
Cohn, Emanuel McLaren, Mary J.
Chisholm. Maggie Mann, Asnes V.
Cranz. Louise Myers, Mary A.
Cranz, Theodore D. Kafl'o. Rev. Paul
Espel, Bernhartllna tk-hwaderer, August
Ferriis, Mabel D. Winterton. John R.
Foley. Mary A. Woods. Eastar
Utiffney. Edward S. Youngman. Mary
Harrington, .Nancy Z.entltr. Sarah
¦ AST— Li San Diego July 26, 1S00, Barclay, be-
! lo\ed husband of 13. T. Ast. a native of Hali-
i fax. Nova dcotia. aged 50 years,
i C^rrit-nds and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morro-.v
(Tuesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy A Co.. 1239 Market street, between
I Eighth and Ninth, thence to rit. Patrick's
I Church for services, lntern-.ent Holy Cross
; Cemetery.
j AKFF— In thin city, July 29, 1SO0, Frederick,
bt-loved brother of John'Arff, a native of Son-
! nebers. Germany, aged 3;> years,
j BLOOMINGDALE-In Victoria. U. C. July Zi,
; 19C0, Herman Hloomingdale. brother of the
late Kmar.uol Bloomiogdale. a native of Gcr-
I /i-.jtij. uui-ii 64 years.
E7Not(ce of funeral hereafter.
I BROMLEY— In this city, July 2>>\ 1900, Kate
; Oarrison, wife of (Jeorge A. Bromley. anJ
I (i.iueliter or (he hue II. P. and Angelica VV\
Wakelee, a native of San Francisco, aged ii
I years 11 months and 15 days.
ILTFuneral services this day (Monday), at
J 12 o'clock, at the chapel cf Cypress Lawn
I Cemetery.
' BURKE— In this city. July 2?. 1300, I'atrick
Burke, beloved brother of James Burke. Mrs.
I G. 15. Jonet, Mrs. E. I'owel! and the late l'e-
tor Rurke, a native of .Maddenstown. County
Kiliiaro. Jrelaiul. afted ."I years. A member of
! Pacific Coast Marine Firmien's union. (New
York papers :>k-ase copy.)
E7KTiend8 anil acquaintances are rospect-
fully invited to atten.l the iuneral to-morrow
: (Tuesday); nt S:3n .-""clock, from the residence
of his brother ( 3C26 Twenty-second street, be-
: tween Howard and Folsom. thence to St.
j I'erer's Church. where a solemn requiem
I mai>s will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment.
| Holy Croei Cemetery.
I CASEY— In this city, July 2S. 1S00. Patrick D..
J beloved husband of the- late Julia Casey, and
; father of Martin, William. Thomas, Joseph
I and the late John Casey, a native of Mlichells-
town, County Cork, Ireland, aged CO years.
it^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:33 o'clock, from his lato resi-
• dence, 62 Julian avenue, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, Sixteenth and Dolores streets,
for services at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
COHN— In this city. July 28, 1900. Emanuel
Colin, beloved husband of Fannie Conn, and
father of. Newman. Ben, Annie and Jake
Colin and Mrs. S. Ro.^ener. a native of Exln.
Prussia.
fCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), nt 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
' dence. 6M McAllister street, between Franklin
and Cough, thence by 11:30 o'clock funeral
train to New Salem Cemetery for interment.
CRANZ— In this city. July 18. 1!K«\ Louise, be-
lo\eii wife of Theodore I>. Cranz. and mother
of Mrs. E. \V. I'ape. Mrs. C. Wnshburn. Dr.
L. T. Cranz and the late Julia Obenauor.
CRANZ— In this city, July 23, 1900, Theodore
' D.. relict of the late Louise Cranz, and be-
; loved father of Mrs. E. W. Pape, Mrs. C.
Wat-hburn. Dr. L. T. Cranz and the late Julia
Obenauer, a native of Hesse-Cassel, Ger-
many. aK«"d 72 years and 6 months. A member
of Magnolia I^odce No. 2!». I. O. O. F.. and
the As^clatPd Veterans of the Mexican War.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
CHISHOLM— In Oakland. Julv 23. 1900. at 1610
i Twelfth street. Mag«ie\ beloved daughter of
1 Alexander and Elizabeth Chisnoltn, a native
! of Neva Scotia, aged IS years and 2 months,
i ESPEL— In this city. July 27, 1W0, Bernhnrdina
Kspel. dearly beloved wife of the late Henry
Espel. and dearly beloved mother of William,
Henry. Louts and Geargre Espel. Mrs. Wil-
liam Dasrnarn and the late Frank Espel, a
native of Hanover, Germany, aged 77 years
I 1 month and 24 days. A member of the Third
Order of St. Francis and of the Chrlstliche
Mutter Verein. (Cincinnati, Ohio, papers
please copy.)
C^yFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
] fully Invlleii to attend the funeral this day
t Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late rest- ;
dence. 2C21 Howard street, thence to St. Boni- '
face'e Church. Golden Gate avenue, near '
Jines> ureet. where a high mass will be cele- i
brat?d for the repose of her »cul. commencing
at S o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
FF.RRIS— Entered into rest, Mabel Dorothy,
dearly beloved daughter of Charles and Do-
rothy Ferris, a native of San Francisco.
FOI.EY— In this city. July 2S, '1S00. Mary Anna
Foley. wife of John Foley. and dearly be- |
loved mother of William. Alice. Henry. Annie, |
I-nretla and Oenevieve Foley. a native of
Liverpool. England, aged 37 years 10 months !
and 4 days. A member of Redwood Circle No. i
72. W. of W. vi
ETTrlends and acquaintances and members j
of sister circles are respectfully Invited to nt- ;
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9:30 '
o'clock, from the parlors of the Gantner ..i j
Ountz Undertaking Company. 1209 Mission i
street between Eiphth and Ninth, thence to
Pt. Patrick's Church. Mission street, between
Third and Fourth, for services, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
GAFFNEY— At sea. on board transport War- j
ren. July 17. : I9*i0. Kflward S. «.affney, dearly ;
btloved son of James and Mami-r liaffney. and !
lovlnsr brother of James John. Robert. Ella. ;
May and Catherine Gaffney. a native of San j
Francisco, aped 19 yearn 1 month and 10 days, j
C'Frien.ls and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to nttend the funeral this day .
(Monday), from the parlors of Vafente,- Ma-
rini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street, near Union,
thence to St. Francis Church, where a high
requiem mass will be. celebrated for the re- !
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HARRINGTON— In this city, July 29, 1300,
Nancy, 'beloved wife of Peter J. Harrington,
and mother of Mrs.' A. <5. Beazell. J. P.. F.
F.. C. J., A. J.. R. L. and -Margaret and Cath-
erine Harrington, aged 63 years 2 monthsi and
13 days
HfGI'NIN— In Oakland. July 29. 1900, Mr?.
Ruby, wife of the late Captain Edward Ilujru-
nin. and prandmother of Mrs. Webb N.
Pear-e, a native of De Peyster. St. Lawrence .
County. New York, afred 85 years nnd 29 days.
JCTFunernl services this day (Monday) at
2 o'qloc):. from the residence of Webb N.
Pearce; 3W Prospect avenue, Oakland. Inter- ]
ment private.
LARTRO— In this city, July 27. 1900, Albert i
I-astro. beloved brother of Mrs. Louisa I>el-
flnr. and Mrs. Virginia Kernten. a native of
Cnlavra? County, Cal., aped, 43 years. (Cala-
yerif> County, Cal.. papers please copy.)
jETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day ;
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the pnrlors of ,
the Gnntner & Guntz I'rulertakin* Company.
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. .Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
LEFLAn-ln this city. July 2S. 1900, Hester A., j
belovrd wife or William T>. Loflar. and
. mother of Perlln.n, Robert, Clorie and Percia
Dean, a rathe of California, aged 33 years C
months an 1 ' 4 days.
-tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited t<> attend the funeral this day j
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late reel- |
denco. f>02 Hickory avenue, between Oak and i
Fell- streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme- j
t»ry. '
LYONS— In this city. July 29. 1900. Jeremiah
Lyons, a native of Ireland. •
ETTrlends and acquaintances arc respect-
fnllv Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Tuesday), nt 10 o'clock, from St. Peter s j
Church Alabama street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, where a solemn re-
qul*m mays will be celebrated for the repose
of hin soul, commencing at the above hour. !
MCCARTHY— In the City and County Hospital, j
Julv 2''. 19C0. John T. McCarthy. ;
McINTOBH— In Victoria. Mr«. D. ,D. Mclntosh. I
beloved BinttWT of Mm. 3i Molanan and Rlch-
nnl nnd William Denniston. j
CT-Nntlce of funeral hereafter. J
McLAKI-N— In this city. July 23. 1W\ at her j
JtATLBOAD TEAVEL.
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer,
Will sell THIS DAT (MONDAYS July 30th.
1300, at 11 o'clock a. m.. at £013 I'.roUertck st..
the Handsome Oak FurniahlneH. Bedtilng.
Curtains. Carpets. Ktr.. of 7 rr.oms.
EMIL. COHN. Auctioneer.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LEHMAN— In this city, July 23, 1900,' to the
wife or Max D. Lehman, a daughter.
MANNING— In this city, July 22. 1D0O, to the
wife of Thomas Manning, a son.-
NIAS— In this city, July 5, 1900, to the wife of
R. H. Nias. a son.
City of Mexico - - - July 26, 1900.
No. Prize. Xo. Prize. [No. Prize.
so 40 ill «o 128 40
168 40 m: loooo 213 40
2S5 100 400 600 661 20
$97 20 754 20 899 20
1120 20 1246 40 1324 21
1420 £0 1423 20
1437 20 1532 401 1601 20
1S86 40 2088 2J 21J9 2*
2209 40j 2215 40| £23'i 1M
2245 20 2400 401 24.1S 1000
«701 20| 2S3S 20| 3131 •»»
3570 20O| 3W 40 3754 40
3763. 1W>1 37S3 20 3S51 20
3&71 201 3jH 2U 4.MS VA
4400... 40 4468 150, 4477 £00
4621 40 4KSS 40 471S 20
4S51 20 49S6 100 5')U2 40
5177 20 5423 40 3510 40
' £630 20 3CT.3 ' 20 5710 100
6761 20 5763 40 6023 „ 2')
6025 40; 6249 100! 6266 Z>
'. 6334 20j 633S 20) 6441 20
¦ 6otil 40! 65'J3 20 6l*03 20
; 6350 201 6M1 I0i 61*52 49
;j 7236 100.7529 20 j 7378 '....1V>
I 7436 2017437 100| 7734 20
7741 20 7S:»6 *>| 78S4 40
S077 20 S104 20 S2D3 20
$.543 40 SoSo 40 S5S9 100 i
i610 40 ( S614 100 S619 40
. S722 20 S747 20j 8762 100
S9O3 40 9105 2)9162 40
1 9472 2<) 9703 40| 9731 40
9866 20 9903 20| 10076 40
10175 100|10220 29J104S3' 200
10t23 20110645 100 106*1 200
, 10739 40 10755 40 10841 20
10S75 40110908 20 11050 2J
112S5..-. 2UI11300 20')|11334 2>
11483 40|11506 40I11D47 20
115S7 200| 1WU 40|12226 2"
12403 100,12175 20112477 4)
125S7 4KI12C80 40112632 20
12S17 100J12S29 20J12S32 2i>
1-v,;.-, 20i 12936 2lw|1206C 20
13110 20113179 2O|13270 100
13287 1000 13461 20)13599 iO
13643 100 13728 20H3S29 23
13343 20 13973 2OJ14348 600
14490 20 14503 20114703 40
Ii773 40|HS04 .-. W.Um 40 j
I 14379 40116003 20 1^1^0 1000
115072 20115159 2015352 2a,
154o» 20|1346S 40I154S3 100
15SM 100115718 2001M*)
16053 : 3W 16120 40J16156 20 |
16167 ' 20 16266 40 ( l«2S7 20
j 16403 20 16431 1001 16576 40
16714 20|l67s2 40)16821 40
16901 40|1C074 20 W982 40
17013 40)17075.. 20J17107 2D
17126 40 17305 40|173«9 20 |
17402 40 17442 40jl7:,26 21
17527 ' 20117540 20117572 40
17615 20117633 20|17722 20
17354. 40 17997 2Ojl8241 20
1S3S3 500J1S603 2UJ1.S652 40
1S76O 4O,1SS10 20|l«S16 40
1SS53 40J1S380 2OUSO23 43
1S05S 100 190S3 2O|1S2S2
1S237 20 19417 20J194S0 20
19561 40jld6o6 20 1*616 40
13761 20 13S20 100|19S32 40
19971 40 200S6 40,20344 20
20445 100 20591 20:2"679 20
20760 40 207S5 20j209(.>0 20
2031S 100 21232 20[21473 40
21573 20(21704 20,21734 200
21^42 4022093 40 22195 40
22298 2022373 10flOi22378 40
22B56 ¦ 40|22666 20|22S09 40
22SS1 20;22 1 >75 li)0'22M2 20
2330" 20123322 6(«V)O|23331 200
23415 20 23U4 100<) 23J51 20
23473 40 23548 40123612 4->
23723 40123821 20 23935 20
23373 2Oi2402.-| 20 240*4 4J
24138 40|24233 4O;24319 20
24766 2024S59 20J24C29 20
24340 20 ! 25OO4 20 25077 40
25295 20 25326 .40:25415 40
25491 20 2J644 20 25658 2 1 )
25770 200 257SS 200125793 20
25SIS 20 25«2S 40 26079 40
26US 40i262S3 20126325 20
26H9 40126651 20|26674 40
2S719.... 20 26737 2OJ267S6 20
2S873 20 26S78 40126002 20
27032 100 27037 20127177 20
27190........ 20 27344 40|2734S 4)
27672 2O12SO47 20 2S09S 100
2S110 2o!2S159 20 2S237 100
28393 20I2S950 4)23095 21
2S134 20120165 40]29206 20
29362 40|295l8 20123634 100
29727 4023856 40129S57 20
23390 20)30076 100'30235 40
303F.1 100|30379 20I3063S 20
30323 ¦ 100(30934 10OJ31043 20
31163 ' 40131216 40 31299 40
31330 100131509 100|31f.85 20
31S35 40I31S92 20J31906 2')
32125 100132330 20132430 20
32542 20i32S00 20132968 100
33091 200133101 4Qi33181... 20
33273........ 2OJ33373 20133420 20
33527 Z0S33&R3 4O|33644 200
33732 20 33745 20I33SS2 '20
33973 20 34075 40134109 20
34167 40 3417S 20134201 20
34229 100 34331 2OJ34371 2)
S4671 10O346SO 40 34772 20 1
34780 20 34917 20l33033 20
33001 40I3.VO3 2OI3. r .175 20 [
35281 40I3331S 2OI35427 21
35440 E00|35505 20J35579 40
35521 40 35676 40|35756 2')
35802.. 40I35S10.... . 20I3507S 40
36033 ?0!36fl53 4OJ36OR3 2>>
3616S 100136198 20 36238/ 20
36339 2O3634S 20 36357 40
3643? 1OOJ3S447 20I36T.87 200
36S10 20136*69 2'li36!»52 40
I 37012 20 37162 20137246 100
! 37345 40137414 20137446 2(1
! 37463 20137474 20i37434 20
87636 20137637 100J37730 40
377SS 100137821 20;37S6S 40
37914 200J3S233 2013*270 20
3S398 190IJS4S5 ' 20|3S579 40
JS537 20|33706 S)i3S76l 40
3S7?6 100 3SS73 (4T)!3SS77 2'1
Sf.96S! 20 38974 20|39119 100
39162 20 39240 20|39339 20
39762 40 39771 40|397<3 20
39KS4 100 30R92 10O140O07 20
4014S 20140241 20(40304 101 |
4O3«3 40I403K2 2'">I4O597 20
40751 20 40792 40 41072 20
4U03 20 4121S 29 4122J 43
11316 2041372 20141379 20
413S9 40 41494 40141520 20
41549 20J415S1 2041584 '40
41632 20IH843 20 41W5 2)
42042 • • 20142061 21 42100 3)0
ttloS 20U2173 40142215 40
42420 20M2S33 40142546 20
42"0 4QH26O9 20142633 ?0 i
42S32 20142971 20)43020 4ft
43340 2-H43353 40143403 V.'O
4:,122 21I433S3 40143814 40
43S74 20143310 20J44209 500
44261 4144444 40 44467 21 I
44'82!. ...... 20 445S4 100 44602 40
44715 40 44776 20 44S2? ?)
4SO25... 20 45070 10O|45119 liiO
4S147 20 45163 40 43212 40
4S2f<> 40 45411 600 453.V. 40
4r.O12 40 45736 20 45963 1C0 j
460:* 2046036 2n|4K0.V) 40 •
4fi'P0 20146203 20|4R391 *) '.
4f?fl^» 130147003 40147236 4>
4 7 7 S ~ . 20147379 40J47463 KO !
4732, 20 4SWH3 1OO|4S157...' 300'
4<£77 2'0|48359 • 4OJ4842J t- \
4S-.S7 10OMS7S5 2OI4SS17 »)
4.WC 4ft|4M?2 ,.• 40:4:'2in -50 j
4^>>-> 40 4K87 2Oi43t17 40
4%H 2O|49K7R..: 20|49712.. 10 I
40773 4OU9S27 40I4W9 41 I
40f.Q7 2>1|4<>9."i 2iK)!3'>ll't. 1C0 t
v'zW.'. *n|5022l J 2nir.O27 < ! 20 !
rj»-S3 20130373 4OJ.-03S7 '.'0 I
,',0617 40150811 4CMWS77 V*> \
j^l» 20 l ;.O947 2!>»iJI1i4 20
SUSS 2051288 ?0|51370 40
DH04 ... 2OI31B39, 40|".l/*) *A
• :794 - »»J.*.iS7« t- v<;;.-;ius }o
62042 2nf»'.-21.'n «. •tn|522'.9 40
f,5.-,99 WI52M4.. ...:.. 20152673 21
52723 . 2O!,t2773 :.<.* 2nl:,2«r!5 • 20
MiOfi!! .. ' -2O5SJI6 20153211 40
izan 2V333S4 4ni53«ri'> 20
R3I33.: ' 40i53J37.-> 2n|536PS .-. 2H
537H 100IS391?.. :>'.... 4O'53OS4 20
M189.,; ' 40IMS22 2i)i544fS 2ft !
54444.-.. lftO'^513 2nlSI3K? 2ft'
54698 S ¦•-">20!34RO4 1<WI64«U ;i>
55024..;...,.' 4015SOS3..,.V... 20 5S0S6 2i)
f,r.l46. .*...... 20M73-. HsBfiSfi; 40
5ST0S 2ftlSSSO5 40 I
5.-.U74. ...',... 40I561SS: 20Sfi27-).._ 40
r.641fi. ....... 4O1WS73 2ni?fir.03...7.... ,V0
CCK27 * 20156730 20I56740 20
FGtIs 2OI5R797 2On!S(W6...; 21
T7194 2OI57248 2QI57251 -20
57328 .. lOOir.7744 2«i."77S7 »0
57813 20157143., 2015811! ' 20
58142 20158239 20O|5S36-'i 4>
JS441 2i)l59O23 40I59W8 20
592CK; 201594'M 4O'r,r»72t 20-
S9S2.-. 2i>;r/>s.v> 20139942 zn I
C0099 100160176 2O0OO!fifl24S 4)
60262 40I6031S 20160361 4f> |
603SI 4ft! 611401. : 201W.0S ino
fifl335 2OI60S9O.: 2016.1727 M
C0777 4OIK0S17 20lfi0SK2 •!}
6006S 2WIB0<»7t! 40'6137« 20
61484.. J0!r.I.-72 100^1576 ;•)
617IX) 40161703 40iS170'3 f)
817S9 'PlfilS^ 20:61918 M
f.2027 1»>V 82103 .... I0:6222S: 5)
K227I I0'«2S54 40!«;«78 20
(52733 1MIK2734..-. 200lf!27fii 4>1
62147 20'629O4 20ie2r>67 4D
63099 ?rtlSS74ft 2f)l«377« lilO
R37S5 4i>:M"4<5 ?0!6407.1 21
64079 100164445 2018434.1. ....... 20!
(M622 ¦¦40164631 20!«4C32 *;)
64711.. 2OI6<S00 20!64«30 41;
6R358 100163392 20'6."-lfi6 201
C6467 60>l!G5fi97..-. 20165907 2) I
C8143 20168167 200*66449 20;
664.M 40166133 20i66fi71 £(>) '
66619 2H66763 • 2)16^51 40
MiMS... 20I67062.. 20I«7'X« r. 4i
67133 20167196 } 20i673«0 20
K736B 100167361 4S»l«7tl!» 41
ft76<!8.. ...... 20I67S79 20lfi7^i *0
CRf^ 20I6811D 4OJ68ir» 21 !
t!«2SS iVtsr*l 100!««"fl7 4<»
fgMl 10O : (TM>72 jnl^nflfl 4,,
69117 40!S92' 1 3 2OlK«2«l 4 r>
69293..;..... 20!69471 ;.. 40!694«(l » 0
69S:3 2OI69R39 40169706 ',1
69779.; 20IS97S3 4110780 «o '
69S43 " 4OI70W*. -4OI7««>«1: 41 .
702W. ....... 20170333 20170337 20
70353.... •.... 40170399.. 2OI70464 40 •
70648.::..... 40170659.. 4017O710 100 |
70735 *o|70«O9 1"0|70S«1 2(» ]
70S91 40J7100S... 20171044 23 3
BENEFICENCIAPUBLICA
NUMBERS
. OF THE
residence, 171 Perry street,. Mary Jane
McLaren, beloved wife of the late Alexandrew
McLaren, mother of James McLaren, ¦- and
prandmother Of Charles, Samuel. Grace and
Effle Barnum. a 'native of Wales, aged 78
years.
MANN— In this city, July 29. 1900. Agnes V..
beloved wife of Joseph Mann, daughter of
Agnes M. Clegrg, and sister of Oscar A.,
Thomas E., John J. and Grace E. Clegs, a
native of San Francisco, age.1 35 years
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 817 Baker street.
MYKKS— In thi» city, July 29. 1900. Mary A.,
widow of the late Christian Myers and mother
of Dr. O. H. P. Myers and Clara Myers, a
native of Ohio, aged 73 years. (Marysville,
Cal.. papers pleaee^copy.)
lC?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
RAFFO— In this city. July 27, 1900. Rev. Paul
Raffo, g. J., a native of Italy, aged 79 year3
and 5 days.
CJTOffice and mass will be celebrated this
day (Monday), at S:30 o'clock, at St. Ignatius
Church, 214 Hayes street. Interment at Santa
Clara, by the 10:51 train from Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets.
SCHWA DEREK- In this city. July 29. 1900. Au-
gust fc'chwadferer. beloved brother of Mrs.
Louise HofstfMter, at native of Stelnach. Wur-
teroberg, Germany, aged 32 years 3 months
and 22 .lays.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors o£
H. F. Puhi- & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and K'ghth, where services will be
held under the auspices of the San Francisco
Bchwaben Verein. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
WINTKRTON— In nerkeley. July 29. 1900, John
It. Wintertnn. beloved husband of the late
Anna M. Winterton. and father of Isabelle
L. Winterton and Mrs. Kate A. Forrester, a
native of New York, aged 90 years and 7
months.
WOODS— In this city. July 29, 1900, Eastar, be-
loved daughter of Joseph and Ellen Woods, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and 9
days.
TOUNGMAN- In this city. July 29. 1900. Mary.
beloved wife of the late George Yoiingman.
and mother of George J. and William N.
Youngtnan, a native of County Kerry. Ire-
land, aged 66 years 1 month and 5 days.
(nyNotiee of funeral hereafter.
ZCNGLKK-ln this city. July 28. 1DC0. Saran
Zengler, a nativt of Germany, aged S5 years
4 months find 21 days.
in^Krit-nds and acquaintances and members
of Artertrus Circle No. 120. C. O. F.. are re-
spectiully Invited to attend the funeral this
day 'Monday) at 1 o'clock, from Forest-
erg/ Hall. 102 O'Farrell street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of A. YV. Martin &¦ Co.. IIS Geary street.
PEtt8 °J tAL «-
INFORMATION wanted of CHAS. AHEARX
rorx&erljr of l> Commercial ft., San Francisco.
Cal.; umJ wav tne time at Humboldt -Kans.,
Bnd DaHa*. Wasco County. Or.; also in Love-
tock*. Hural>cldt County, Nev., and In Port-
end. Or. His brother would like his ad-
.hfFs. FREDERICK A HEART, 12» East
Third 5t.. New York City.
Z-KDSRER'S Quir.tonlca Hair Tonic, extract
Quinine Ba-k; beneficial, harmless; 35c bot.
DR. E. C MKHVY has taken new offices at
150." Stockton st,
LKDKKEB*8 Vulntonica Hair Tonic Ftops hair
falling out; makes the hair grow; SSc bot.
LKI'EKJ'R. the popular hairdresser: eny style
SSc: war windot\ d!«j.lay of Qulntonica this
week: switches Jl up. Ill Stockton st.
Tin: HUDSON CIVEB OO4
HOPKK RROS
M«ttr»^5<»(> and pillows made to order, re-
mvr-r^d and renovated; honest wcrk iroaran-
teed; price* defy coroprtit'.nn; fine upholstery.
Itiere r»"0ii; factory, S;& and 3W Tleventh st-;
tirrt-rlksa cirsnlng sad dylne. *09 Sutter *t..
San Kranclrco.
PARALTSIS positively rand; alsn ntprom 4tt-
earf-s. Fkln diseases, lurse di^f'aser. o«-'*in<.-a-
tlort, rancrr. Consumption. *t!Jt lolntH: hi
cirjff: no knife: consultation froe. DR. L. J.
BTHATTOS. '07. HS. 6W Panrott building.
l;l.T'i'TRIC lights in every ic«m— Winchester
II tel. 44 Third ft. near Market: 700 roi>m«;
ESe CO tl 60 per nipht; »1 W) to J« per week:
free 'bus and bspsntre ti and from the ferry.
} IlIVATn detective work: reasonable ratPs: 10
> pars" experience. J. i*. HAY. 5."" Jessie ft.
;,' M 1 : AI»A. wonderfully Rifted h'aler. Zt
Kearny, room 11. cur<»» ntrvounnei!!'. blind-
• <•¦« Brtcfat'» d st^cse. rurture or any ailme-r
BtHTS to order on installments; IIS upward;
tl a week. LFON LKMUS. 1117 Market rt..
!t-tween anii Kirhth.
LADIES' and (rents* oiist-<-fr clothine boutM .t
• :*.. SiUerrr.an. P^4 Folsnrn. te!. F<--l*.>rr. HW.
v ANTEI>— Old-fashicr.ed silver. bra?s. copptr
curio*, all d;wrlpticns. 123 Dopont st
tlC*".***) TO loan rti diamond-!, watche*. i"-a!-
tklnn fNCI.K HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
Sl'lTS lo cro>r on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing CIO.'. ICxaminer building', room 407.
ALFBEDCUS Egyptian Henna restores irr^>
ha'.r :o tti> natural colr.r. Jl: Rt al! drussfU-ts.
CAET-OFF clothinK. old e.-M and stiver bought;
f«-nd portal. COLEMAN'S. &06 Kearny ft.
G. D. UORSB. rb n tOFrarher. 2fiO6 Tactflc ave..
betwn Pterc* atii 8<fott: prww Bteliwr Ot:
1'HVMCIA.VS AM» M Kt.tO\S.
DR. CRAKPTON. the feat Fpecialist. has re-
turned practice at U0C Market Ft., corner
Taylor; office* 3 anj ?€: t«k» elevator.
DR. C. C. (TDOXNELLi-Ofnet ani residence.
1T1H Varkot bot. S!v!h nnd Seventh.
BCtL X»l *Tli— H. 1 KUH K.4L.C
FINH northpast corner Int. 32:6x117.6; Califor-
nia et. and Fourth ave.; at a very low price:
only J!30n : it on?; |2nt».
I can errance to that thl* choice lot can
be i»aid fcr in instaUtnents; it is the
cheapest let in Richmond: all street work done.
Can at cn'v to set it at this price. \V. J.
GUNK, SS9 Caiifornla Ft.
ONLY tGTH) each; 2 choice lots on Eleventh ave-
nue between Point Loboa and Clement: ready
for building: all fctr'^t work done; 2.1x120:
faey of access: 3 Hne5 of cars; $4^ can re-
main at 6 i^r cent; these I'^ts are verv cheap.
\v. J. GT'XX, :,?i California rt.
HAVE you r»al »-state north of the Park or «•.
th^ Mission that you want to sell; then caii
on \V. J. GCXa?. S30 Califurnia St.
|. t riW* MODBBN S-room lmus<- in cno!re location
tr. Waller <-t.. in-ar Pierce, 1 Mock from
Hfiight-rt. cars; finished with rnarb'o *tep».
Iretcoed celling*, 3 wood mantels, hard-fln-
lahed baff-ment. etc.; terms one-f.>urth cash,
talanre ?'.<» monthiy. F. XKI.PON. hi;iM»r
CHEAPEST and be^t la America— The Weekly
<~all. It papes. ?ent to anr adJre«i> in th-»
l.'nlted Ftat^s or Cauaia one year for it
|<nare r»ld.
B2B— PACIFIC 5t.. near Efrde; rtore and flai« |
air! rvU-.ir: "?.\f~:C; r.-nt JS7: forced sale. i.. \
OKPTKRREI47HERJ 117 gutter t(. |
S-li'^^M cottage; 237 Sunnv?ide ave.: }5fl cash.
ttfl i-r month, th:: McCARTHT CO.. 646
Market rt.
SJOfJlftLN hou>'? iir.d riats tmtlt a: lowest
irirep- [,;.-!r,!< and e*t!r :<!»«> furnished ter all
Iu1!<;!-c v. rh CAMPBELU 1147 Mi«?bn »t._
A BARGAIN: 2i choice tiuiidine lot^: Holly j
I'r. rk: buy direct from owr.er.. S FilJy st.
?;rf— FINE !^t. SSxlCO; SS8 ra«-h. lialarxe J5
nrr.ih: r\o interest. ?'< Tifth ft.
S'KU <-i>ttiii.r. i» r<-on ?. Lath: lot SincW: MI<«-
u i-:\i. i-:* 1 tir — « «u win — ?-••r »ii»
XifXCE little h'-me in Town. Alameca County. 36 j
Dilee frora th'.« citv; extensive poultry houses I
and yards. *> ivk : r >r 1000 pUr«oos: real estate,, j
peiannal property, all for t7rA Call at once, i
I - Californta #?.. room 2.
K'-" INVESTMENT Belvedere I^and Co.'s «ock;
SI fl^ fhan-« art- • ffered lor flO a share.
LANK ft CO.. ss:, Market »t.
STOCK ar: 1 ! tra;n tarioh for saie; Colusa Co.; {
1240 acres; JJO p^r acre: f.00 Krain. rest hill ,
!a:.<1. M S '')! A N! -ON. Cal. ;
APHIVTEn U«- U. GRIFFIN, Tl^< Market i=r. j
Farms an^l oity property sold and exchangf-d. J
IllML ESTATE Til EXCHANGE.
exchance send jiarticu'.Rrs to us: prrpertles In
al! p»rt? of the I'nited Siatfs to cfft*r: cata-
lom:.-* free. SCHWE1NHARI) & CO.; 817
Market «t.. or-r*. Mason: t>-l. Mint ir<11.
HUUMt 1011 nuisi:in.i.r.Ai,,
A FLOOR of 4 b-autiful large rooms, with
bath: completely furnished for houee-
krrpins: b f 't and coli v-Hter: jras and tele-
1 pbooe; fine rtew: healthy locaiiTi: in a Fmall
private family; no small children wanted; j
rent reasonable. 4231 Twentif-th St., nr. Castro. |
AT t.Z S<<-(Wl- I-iefct houFek«-i.ic«. tl CO to Jl' 50 I
per wk; cin?le and doable. l\ lo SC V» \>*r wk.
EDDT. 117— IClcely furnish*-.! connecting house-
keeping room*; *pl*-nJi<i location; private reBi-
riFTIf. 3r,3-3 fvynlsried housekeeping; rooms, j
$12: firiKle bcdro<jms. U and 15.
FOLSOM. 83n — Nice frr-rn rooms for housekeep-
in*;; also eincle; tl jM-r week.
FOIySOM, KA— Lars? tunny ror,m for li^ht
boutekeeping: closet; bath: private; $12." wk. .
FRANKLIN. 2: (Newport H<>u?e>— Uousekeep"
tup rms.; sunny, single rms.; pas. run. water.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. I59-tl3; three unfur-
nlshfcd rouTri* for houyekeeiiinK.
HAIOUT, 141— IIr)U!"»-keepinj? roorrs; use of
kitche'v, dinln«;-room, bath: also single rooms, j
HARRIET. 8. off Howard, nr. Pixth— 2 r .oms '
furnished for bousekep:nB: carden. watfr.
HATES, 4*1— Furnished or unfurnished eunny '
room»; rrasr-nabie.
Iir.WAHI». 7.4. comer Third-Nioely f\jrnl«h»J
fur.ny roomt for hous^k^<*jini?: also other,
rrioms" reaaonable.
HOWARD. lMS-i-Sunny completely furnished
hwseKeepinK r».rnis; also cthfrs.
jyy ave.. 741. n«ar IlayeK ani Franklin— Par-
lor FtiUe. fornlched; tirk, stove; $14.
MINNA. JS-Sur.r.y furnlFh»d front housekecp- i
Ins rooms; 7-c anj $1 ptr n«k.
MISSION. l<rr.'i— Compjettly furnished ' clean j
sunny housekeeping rooms; exclusive; bath.
£_>.:. il-J-'nnny fmrtt bay-window room; suit- !
Kf..'r* for I jKTKinf; also RingJe housekeeping
room.
OAK, 11?— I^arre runny room; closet; furnishe;! j
for houv^k'^pini;: $S; Kmallcr. rooms, $5.
fiCTAVIA, U-Tn l~t. two unfurnished iucn)
hfk!»«-ke«Tir:r roorr.s; .bata. gas, yard, etc..
j- lit per month.
POLK. C05— Two ounny. rlear.. oonnectlnjr par-
sers : running water: Ucbt ho»i^keeplnic. .
I'OLK. 7J7--2 fi:rr^h"d front rooms fcr house-
keer'.r.g utA bath.
><Oi;T>! PARK, 1M-J70: two ?ur.nr rooms nice- !
ly fun>li--he<l for fcousekwfiirir.
mCVKKBON. €12. bet Hevrr.th and KlRhth-2
glwultbed bopeckfcptm room?; bath; central. |
TaTIjOR. lOt— il enm;.!f te *uite of sunny house- |
keeping roiims. i
TEIIAMA. 47«. nr. Cth-$!2; ! fiTmished house- i
ket-pinn roomx, kitchen; complete. • '•••».. •
VAN NHSfi. 40;— Two neatly furnished rooms
complete f < r bawelteeptasr; sns stove. •
EUTTEK. iQ7— 9 furnl7h"ou^ orT-jr.furnished !
rooms fcr houstkeepinr.
*l«v— TVIO furnffh^C "r7n U 7elTeerl rI^~T^orni" 4 {
Martha place, eft Ucary »t., b*t. Mason and
JL^^L - "- '
J FMAU- unfuralfM rooms t5. 3 »7: located
Fifth and Market Btj^ f^rticulara St: Kearny.
CLAFSIFIHI* advertiyrmrni* anrTsubsrrlptlons I
received nt c a » branch office. 2200 Kill more Bt. |
A URANOf otttcm tor «."aii B(2vertisement» »nd j
«:l>»cript!or.» lias bctn established at 10S« Va-
irr.<-!a rt.
UOOMS '!«# t.KI — 1'nrH. n^7l I ,,iurT j
/?; nnt.'NSWlClv aOOSH. us l<<xjrn« I
Y' ' '.o II per nU'ht. $1 2i to f j p«> r week. an1 I
' 4j--.t )iou»ekeop1nK; open «1! r.i>;ht.
DOJIEM/A. ST* Post— Finest hunny nultea In
lenoes; rpectai accommodations for tourists.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
BUhed rmt., suites, slnffle; also unfurnifhrd.
ItOOMS TO LET Porn, and Dnfarn.
BUSH. E20— Nicely furn.sunny rooms; $1 60 to $7
v.k; 25 to jl DO night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
I KI-1.1S. 330 — Large front and back parlors; sun-
ny; Suitable for physician or dentist.
FOLSOM. S63. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished tunny rmi, single or suites; reasonable.
CEAItY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms: suites or single; travelers acoo'dated.
GEARY, 441— Floor of 4 sunny rooms together;
unfurnished; or will rent separately.
GOLDEN' GATK ave.. 70S— Elegant house. 1C
rooms and liath; sunny, modern. Apply O.
H. L'MBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery ?t.
GRAND ROUTUKKNisoutlieawt corner Seventh
and Mission tts.— Sunny r.)-m». en pulte or
¦ingie; ledies* parlor; readins-room; clevntor.
HAWTHOllXi:. 12. between Second and Third,
I ofT Howard— A larse front bay window room
i * ur une " r two gentlemen; t«t; private.
i KOTKL Francisco— Elejcant euites; single: tran-
- Blent; baths. MP.S. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S»-Rooms from~$l week up to Ji;
J..r ti Si nicht; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. r«,9. for Cth— Nicely furnished Tuiiriy
j romw; .reasonable; J^y day. we^k or m'.nth.
. Larkin. 412. upper flat— Newly rurnfaheri
j apartmer.t« ( for, gentlemen; all conveniences.
i McALLI.STKU. HC«i— Nl^f-ly furnished sun^
Cront-room; everythinjr new; gas; l.^th: pri-
j va "* family: fur one, js; for two. $10.
j MINNA C67. corner Eighth— Xewly furnTsFed
I __ _?l!l _ < ?'l w _ r<^"'^ Jl P*r week: transient.
I MISSION. ei4— Newly furnished rooms to let
for gentlemen; ;-,-JC a month.
I NEWLY furnished n->oini«; tun all day; pi!i!»'!»
or en mite; strictly private family; refer'
ence*. Hox 3441. Call office.
NINTH. 231-I.arpe sunny bay-window, suitable
j and wife or two gentlemen; cheap.
j OTAHUELL. ?0--Sunny furnlrhed rooms and
I of fleet; elevator; electric IirIus; day. wk.. mo.
! I'OWELL. 121-Lipht. clean ran*.'; suite* or «ln-
gle; trai-.Miont: running water: rate* reduced.
! RAILROAD avp.. 2^9. Willo"wr"statlo'n7~ATa^
; meda— Elegantly furnlFlieil room with hoard.
I if desired: one cr two rtersons.
I RINGOLD. 32. below Folsom. off Ninth— Newly
I furni.shr-d room for 1 or 2 persons; no othe't
I roomers; rent chea?.
i;< .S'TMALK House. S19 ar-d S2l Ellis St.— Rooms.
nirht 2"'C lo $1. week *1 2i to $4; open nlcht.
i ROYAL HOVSE.' 126- Ellii ;" M.-IncamW^nt
llzht: readlnr-rcon. smokir.K-room and laJics"
parlor: rooms, per nlcht. 3f.p to $1 50: week. «2
j to $S; month. ?3 to $20: r-levatrr on office floor;
ro-'in« with hot and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. 64&— Neat furnished rooms"
private tamily: $1 and upward.
SACRAMENTO, U14. between Hyde and Lar-
kln— A clean, nicely furnls-ht>d room; appre-
ciated If teen.
j SAN ANTONIO— Up to date fireproof building;
electric elevator; steam radiators: Fait sea
riH<hs: suites and rooms; appreciated
when f=een: popular prices. 21 Taylor Bt..
near Market.
j SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st'..
near Market— Furnished cr unfurnished.
I BHOTWELL, S23— 3 unfurnished rooms for
hous=ok?epinK. yard and storeroom.
j STEVENSON. C2f'— Sunny front rooms, single
I o»- double; light housekeeping.
j THE OAKS. 11<> Third — A ennrt rrvominR house
] fcr good prop]*. K. HUGHES, proprietor.
I Cl.AS^IFiFl> advertisementf. and rubscrlptions
j rece!v«1 at '"all branch office '.^"fl Filli^ore Ft.
j A RRANCH office for Call advertisements and
: Ful'PTlrHrr.s hAS been established at 1C96 Va-
ItOUMS AM) HO * 1I>.
j AT $?". i»r month a married couple or two
1 jrerti^men can have :.ir.. sunny well furnlsh-
| ed room in refined family k«epine first-clnss
i cor>k: h<;t and cold water: pas: references re-
I quire<I. Address Private, box 1476. Call office.
i HOTEL Sutherland. 791 Sutter st. ; choice loca-
tion; sunny rooms with board; first-class with
every convenience.
' A FPEt'IAL offer to teachers; exceptionally at-
tractive interior «.nd table. 807 California st.
GEARY. ?^2. nr. Polk— Large s-unny front room
with bn.-jr.J for young lady; priv. family: $20.
LAP P ALMAS. ISM Market st.-Su'lelif 2 or 3
rm?,: private: bath; Bin.' rms.: board optional.
j OTARRKLL. 741. nenr Hyde— Board, with or
with. -nt furn'F^ori room.
IIOO3IS AND IJOAK1) WAXTED.
WANTEP — In Ftrlcfly private family (no other
boarders) accommodations for family, three
¦dolt*, discontinuing housekeeping. b<mrd and
3 rooms: can furnl«h same; Paciflc Heights
nebrhborbaod 'preferred: satisfactory aecom-
n>o<la Tions properlv i^aid for; references ex-
ch.T-e.1. >^^re<=5 box 34°1. Call office.
SPECIAL SOTICKS.
BEST stamp photos and buttons on earth.
DOKE. BSO Mark«t St., above Jones.
ROOMS papered from »; whitened. «• up;
I>.iinti^c <\i,z\f. Hart man Taint Co.. 319 Third.
i HAT» tfnants ejected for *4: collections made-
! rity or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 4K, Montgnrnery «t.. room* 9-10: tel. o. r Afl.
tKWl.NG »1ACHI.\KS AM) St 1'1'LIKS.
ALL kinds boueht. sold ard repairing puaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck. J913 Mission, rr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchaneed. rented:
reiaiririB nt ioweitt rates. 20:, K.-,urth st.
STUItAGK] AM) WAICKIJOLSKS.
WILSON BROS.. FU'rage and moving; covered
\ans. Tenth and Market; phone South 7C2.
PACIFIC Ptorare and Furniture Movinp- Com"
pany ! ?3!0 Flllmore st. ; jhone Jackson 2S1.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tf-l Mj'h U40— Hacking. nin\ Ing and storage.
1 VI'KWliri'KIIS AMI Sl'I'I'LlliS.
GKEAT BARGAIN'S IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. £!. The T^-pewrlter
Exchance. '26 California, telephone Main 266.
A TYPEWRITER. fcrahH new. for. KO. RE^
VALK. 4fi:< California- rt.
ALAMEDA' ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
THREE large rooms completely furnished, with
the u=;*> of double parlors; close- to station: In
p^od .lcation: complete for housekeeping.
2111 Central -ave.. Alameda. -
BERKELEY- ADVERTISEMENTS,
nETlkELEY HEAL ESTATE.
J.N TJerV^iey— Tw>-,-ttory rhoriern •'•ottape. fever.
):nnc rooms and bath: double parlors; heavy
inoldlnirn: 7-ft. basement: brick foundation;
let f£xl25; Ftreet work complete; price J32M;
n cjitfily i-aymonts If deylred. Inquire .'ti
''rcm'.ftm. S017 Fultrn !>t.. A^hby Station: or
3 t.'.i. .v- Hf.tromb. K'fin Hroaihvav. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
_OFF1CE— 1118 BROADWAY. \
OAKIJA.M* lti:\l. |>'|'.\TK.
Von BALE— Valuable Improved and productive
property. ijtinsinK in a monthly rental of J!34:
nU property i« rituaied orr tho main avenu- !
1-a.J.nc: from Oakland M Alanie.la; to b- sold |
as a w!-u!e or in PttMlvUiona for cash or on I
1 *™?*; Addrwg MRS. SEV1N VIN-
< i.NT. f.j. Park ave.. Oakland. Cal.
OAfvLA.MI Kl Il.MTlIliri-tm^SALr:.
AN totreductlba to you from'irsVhe'lThaa^rthe
furniture dealer, nth an.l Franklin. Oakland.
|j imvmjka ij 7 \ orTciis^
Dl\TDEND > KOTICB-DlvMend No . ~.u^ illti
cents p-r rhare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of U.-i
V. F.DNKSDA^. August 1. ii«jo Transltr
bcok* will close en Thursday. July 2S • IS'XI
at 2 o'clock 11. m. ft *
E H. SHf:r.nnv. Secretary.
TKOPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS- Kids will bi^rT
reived by the undei-slcr.«d until 6 p. in Au-
pu5t 6. and then opened, lor the construction
of a wharf and warehouse covering about 100 -
OC'O square feet and about SOQ feet of trristi*
approach near the mouth of the Colurr.hia
River, Olat»oi> County. Or. Plans and speci-
fications can 1>« fieen and blank forms of pro-
posals secured at the office of the Astoria
and Columbia Klver Railroad In the Flave!
building. Astoria. Or. A satisfactory bond
will be required of the successful bidder. Th«?
underslcned rt-yerves the risln to reject any
cr all bids in whole or in part as per form'*
of pro;xi«a! nnd specifications. NORTH-
¦*YEST CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
CO.VSTKI.'CTIOX OK EKWER — Sanitary Dl«-
trlct No. 1 of Marln County, Cal., asks for
ljidn fcr the construction of a system of sew-
ers in Ross Valley. Marln County, as per
plann and specifications on file with the sec-
retary, night reserved to reject any and all
bids. Bidders will plea.se call between the
hours of 8 a. m. and 12 m.. and 2 and 4 p. m.
nnXRY F. ALLEN. President.
T. B. BEItRY. Bee. 120 Sutter St.. S. F.
No. Prize. No. Prime. INo. Prize.
71054 40 71134 40(71211 K>
71214 20 71313 100171495 40
71610 100 71638 20-71637 20
71703 2071739 2UJ719O8 20
7W91 40172023 20,72123 20
72144 20172149 1»:722S2 20
72306 100)72112 40 72419 2*
72442 100 72498 2O|72640 40
72741 40i72S2» 20i72S52 20
72963 20173030: 20:73043 *tt
73W4 20)73119 20-73121 20
T316S lOOmai 100(73404 20
7342G 20 73531 20;73C32 4>
73657 20 73664 2O(736»A 40
73S34 20 73347 100171305 100
74342 20 74363 2O|743S3 40
74421 20]746S« 20 74630 20
747S3 4OI74«SO 20|74997 WO
75042..: 40 73212 20175217 40
73373 20 73379 20 75412 «0
7343S 20 75446 20i7".4Sl 2">
73521 40|7SE98 2Oi73673 20
75KS1 20J75721 l'«0 73X23 JO
73S2S 2OJ75S47 1.TOI73313 10<>
75S4S 40176129 20J7G5O9 40
7C73 20176701 20I7G733 40
76033 20177313 20 77323 2«>
77377 10OI7737S <n|77394 **
7761<> 20ir;6Sl_ 40|779S2 40
7S106 20175:164 VK7S213 20
78349 2O;7«57T, 20OI7S1V7 40
7S510 40I7SS13 :. 20i7S91S 100
7H051 20I791S5 4OIT>535 20
79434 20l73. r^9 lOITSr.OT 40
79.',!>6 WJ79SS5 4017973S 1»>
79871 20T98H 40|79933 40
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from 23272 to 2C372. in-
clusive, being- 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of $60.000— $80.
One hundred numbers from 6012* to 60226. in-
clusive, beinjr 30 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of |29,000— $V\
One hundred numbers from 144 to 244, inclu-
sive, being 50 numbern on each side of tho
number drawing: capital prize of. $10,000 — $i>.
TERMINA T , PRIZES
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
Ing with 22. belns the last two figures of th»
number drawine the capital prize of $60.000 — $20.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 76. beinc the last two figures of the
number drawing; the capital prize of $20.WV>— $20.
No. 23322 draws first capital prize of $<W.000.
sold in Merlda, Yuc: Vera Cruz, Ver.; Msxtco,
D. F.
No. 60176 draws second capital prize of $20,-
<*>o # sold in La Guaira. Venzuela; Eoaton.
Mass.
Xo. 1?4 draws third capital prize of $10.00*
sold in Havana. Cuba : Lynn. Mass. : Chicago,
111.: Indianapolis, Ind.: Pt. Louia, Mo.
Nos. 1 245S. ]32S7. 1W30. 22373 and 23444 draw
each tWW, sold in Chicago, 111. : Xew Orleans.
I.A.: Palestine. Texas.; St. Louis, Mo.; San
Francisco. Cal.
DR. GREGORIO ORIVE.
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASPETTI. Manasrer.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
AUCTION SALES
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
r; and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
ITNEEAL EIH2CT0B3 AND EMBALMEaS.
Kln^s* Equipment at Moderate Rates.
/^ 1^ Dispensary,
fcs^ir .i2i '" '*** "or the tr?ctnient ¦! Pnvata
JSLXf* tSSf 1>l9 **" sw '' l-'wt Mantutnd Debility or
rt ' sen3< * ''earing 011 bodyandrxiiritSamt
Try him. Charter iow.
T^-TSfSr-^iiTiJ CarMinBHiulfi- I. Callorwrlt^.
Or. J. *•- bIBBVS, D«x l»S7.Saa ft^jcUca
FUNKHAL DIKKCTOnS & EMBALMEHS,
IKS' Market St., between 8th and 3th.
Telephone South 217.
stations.
On March 20th of this year the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco passed Or-
dinance No. 25, prohibitinpr the burial of
tho dead within the city and county. This
law goes Into effect August 1, 1901. His-
tory ghows that all large cities have found
it necessary to close th^ir cemeteries, and
Immediately the relatives and friends be-
Kln to remove their loved ones to cemeter-
ies less liable to be disturbed by the
growth of the city. For full particulars
and expenses In disinterring and transfer-
ring bodies apply to Charles H. Jacob &
Co., funeral directors and embalmers, 318
Mason street. Telephone Main 6213.Theo. Frollch, well known in Masonic
circles, has been elected secretary of the
Masonic Cemetery Association, vice the
lato George j.Hobe, who held the office
for many years.
The New Secretary.
Fred Johnson, a tailor, was booked at
the City Prison early yesterday morning
by Policemen P,urves .and Rlvas on a
charge of mayhem. The complaining wit
ness Is Irving White, 410 Post street, who
was taken to the Receiving Hospital with
the index finger of his right hand nearly
bitten off. Johnson and another man
picked a quarrel -with White and during
the mix-up Johnson crushed White's fin
ger, between his teeth.
Charged With. Mayhem.
Funeral of Late Supervisor.
The funeral pf late Supervisor John
E. A. Helms took place yesterday morn-
Ing from his late residence at 2140 Howard
street, at 10 o'clock. A short service was
held In the parlor, which was conducted
by the Rev.J. Fuendeling. At the close
of the service the body was taken to Holy
Cross Cemetery for interment. The pall
bearers were selected from members of
the Retail Grocers' Association. They
were Messrs. Hays, Sullivan, Walsh and
Cochran. Many beautiful floral pieces
were sent to the house, among them be
ing a magnificent design ordered by
Mayor Phelan, who was represented at
the funeral by acting Mayor Joseph To
bin. The members of the Board of Super
visors attended the funeral In a body and
marched to the train at the head of the
cortege.
The Eschscholtzias.
The Eschscholtzias, a select social and
fraternal association of the Mission dis
trict, gave its sixth party tn Mission Par
lor Hall on the evening of last Thursday.
The grand march had in it a large num
ber • of the residents of the territory
named, also many who are not of that
section, and as those composing it moved
about the cozy dance hall they presented
a pretty spectacle.^f or it was a combina
tion of youth and beauty. There was pre
sented an excellent'programme of the lat
est dances which was enjoyed by all.
Sunday at the Park.
The disagreeable weather yesterday re
sulted in small crowds and little enjoy
ment at the park, beach, baths and
Chutes. The police did not record an ar
rest ¦worthy of mention, nor were they
called upon to render aid to the victims
of accident. The bill at the Chutes was
as usual, varied and entertaining. The re
sults of the contests at Sutro's Baths fol
low:
Fifty yard dash-won by John O'Brien
S. Paine. Under water swimming race—
won by C. R. Augustus; J. Reefe Div
ing contest— won by F. Manner; George
Hundred yard amateur— won bv
D. fohipley; G. Harrison. Springboard
diving— won by C. P. Augustus; W. Free
man. High diving for boys— won by B.
Hawsen; T. Ryan. -.
NEW YORK MINISTER ON
THE ROAD TO YOSEMITE
Rev. J. Charles Roper of the General
Theological Seminary Spends
Vacation in California,
.The Rev. J. Charles Roper, D. D., pro
fessor of dogmatic theology in the Gen
eral Theological Seminary, Episcopal, in
New York, yesterday : left the Occidental
Hotel, where he has been staying, for the
Yosemlte Valley, where he will stay a
week. At the expiration of that time he
will spend a month with friends in Los
Angeles.
This Is Rev. Mr. Roper's first trip to the
Pacific Coast and he expresses himself as
greatly pleased with his visit. The rev
erend gentleman's home is in England,
and he several times temporarily under
took the pastorate of Hawarden, the home
of the late \V. E. Gladstone, staying at
Hawarden House as th,e guest of the
Grand Old Man. >
Yesterday morntnp Rev. Mr. Roper occu
pied the pulpit of Trinity Church. "The
Claim of Christ on the Men of To-day"
was the subject of his discourse. The
speaker urged every man to make St.
Paul his prototype* and use his talents as
the great apostle used his, in the service
of his Maker.
The electric cars scored another point
yesterday morning in the game of maim
ing humanity^ This time the victim la
Abe Bernard, 2- years old, the son of
Jacob Bernard, a dealer In second-hand
furniture. The child, who was accom
panied by his. brother, Hyman. aged 6.
tried to toddle across the track near the
intersection of Kolsom and Sixth streets
and was struck by a car. The car did not
kill the mite, but the fender rolled the
tender little body over the pavement until
the brakes brought the vehicle to a stand
still; then the trucks were pried up until
the frantic father could draw his child
from between the wheels.
"What would have happened If the fend
er had performed the duty expected of it
Is hard to say. It might have killed the
baby outright and it might have saved
him without a scratch, for fenders, under
present conditions, are much like a lot
tery. In this case the motormon, Louis
Spotts, as soon as he saw the child trv
to cross, turned, a handle or threw a
lever or did something necessary In order
< L ( i ro R. tne SC0 °P the electric cars carry
therr i'i. but in filing the fender
?£ f£*i ai l (1 'J lun8 ' iust nl * n enough to roll
the little body beneath it. The car stopped
within a few feet, for- it had slowed up
for the crossing. When. the people rushed
rorward they found the baby pinned to
the pavement with the hea*y iron scoop
crushing into his skull.
The father of the child was coming up
the street when the accident happened,
and with others he ran out to the car
to see what was the matter. He recog
nized the little body under the fender, and
nls , was the hand that drew him out.
lne child was taken up to Root's drug
store, a block above on Sixth street, and
after a bad cut on the head had been
washed, was taken to his home, 1M7 Fol
som street.
Dr. aiilam was called to attend the little
? ne- H e .found no limbs broken and ho
i V, n y n l lng t0 believe that the child's
skull is fractured but where the fenclor
crushed the baby's, head into the pave
ment there is a deep dent, and if this
does not right itself, an operation Is the
°i nly thing that will save the little one's
J Ife ; -The skull was thin enough to yield
to the weight above it, and so it was not
fractured, but unless the depression passes
away it will have all the effect of a frac-
V!fi'!i^ IM ?' win be Just as dangerous. The
chi'd is In a precarious condition . .
The . motorman gave himself up to the
police. He wa? charged with battery and
was released on $25 cash ball. •
EXPELLED ARMY OFFICER
CRAZED BY ALCOHOL
Former Lieutenant Devine Makes a
Sensational Escape From the
Receiving Hospital.
Patrick II. Devine, an expelled army of
ficer, was taken from the Hamman baths
on Post street yesterday afternoon to the
Receiving Hospital, as he was suffering
from alcoholism. He had been at tho
baths for two days and had spent the time
in drinking whisky. He was placed in a
cot in the male ward and about an hour
later he made his escape by climbing over
the iron screen guarding the window close
to his cot.
Policeman J. Sullivan saw Devine with
nothing on but his trousers and shirt run
ning along Larkin street and several small
boys following him. Sullivan joined in the
chase and overtook the degraded officer
as he was trying to enter a house on Birch
avenue, near Polk street. He was taken
back to the hospital and locked up in -a
padded cell In the Insane ward.
Devine was a second lieutenant in the
Forty-seventh Infantry, but was dishon
orably discharged in Manila last April for
conduct unbecoming an officer. Since com
ing here he has been representing himself
as an officer on active duty and borrowing
money on that showing.. Last Tuesday
morning he appeared before Judge Mogan
on a charge of drunkenness and was al
lowed to go.
Died From an Old Injury.
August Schwa derer, a native of Ger
rnany aged IS years, was found dead In
his bed at 63 Minna Ptreet yesterday
morning. The deceased was employed as
a porter by H^nry Arnke at 50 Second
street. He received injuries In his head
about four month* ago from a fall, elnce
Tvhlch time he had been complaining. Dr.
Ttirmie v.as called to attend Schwaderer,
but the physician's services proved un
av.-iilSnp. The body was removed to the
llorgue.
Little Victim Lies at Home In Pre
carious Condition With Portion
of Its Skull De
pressed.
Safety Device Failed to
Work and the Baby Went
Beneath It.
CHILD ROLLED
BY FENDER OF
ELECTRIC CAR
What promises to be a hard-fought legal
battle to secure possession of j the large
estate of the late Mrs. Almira S. Town
send will be commenced this morning.
Joseph Coburn, who claims to be the
brother of the deceased philanthropist,
will, through "his attorney, Hugo Asher,
go before Judge Bahrs of the Superior
Court and oppose the granting of regular
letters of administration to Mrs. Ella i>".
Murray, who will s«ek to establish the
relationship of daughter to Mrs. Town
eend. Coburn will also- file a petition to
be appointed administrator of the dead
woman's estate.
Asher, supported by Attorney Short
ridge, will ask that a search be made for
a will in the Townsend home. Mrs. W. R.
Smith, who claims to know of a secret
hiding place, will be called upon to dis
close It.
Asher will contend for his client that
Mrs. Murray is not a bona tide resident oL
this State. The law requires that to ad
minister on an estate a petitioner must
be a resident.
Judge Sullivan, who is looking after the
interests of Mrs. Murray, is not very
much concerned over the point which will
be raised regarding his client's residence.
He asserts that Mrs. Murray came to this
city on July 9 to be near >ier mother,
whom she had not seen in mjiny years;
that it' was her intention' to' make her
home with her mother; that when her
mother died the large interests to which
the daughter would fall heir would cer
tainlv induce her to remain in this city
in order to guard her rights therein. No
body questions Mrs. Murray's identity or
relationship, according to Judge Sullivan,
and even those who are bitterly opposed
to her acknowledge that she was the dtad
woman's daughter.
"I desire to say," said Judge Sullivan
yesterday, "that the reason precautions
are being taken at the residence of the
dead woman is that we do not dtaire that
irresponsible persons shall gain, access
thereto. We believe that the boionginps
of Mrs. Townsend should be held sacred.
We are not hiding papers and. we do not
propose to destroy any evidence. If a will
be found it will certainly be presented In
court, but we do not wish to give any one
the opportunity to deposit a fraudulent
paper in what might be afterward said to
be a hidden panel. As far as we have
been able to discover there are no secret
hiding: places In the house. The one over
which so much talk was made was merely
a receptacle in the wall in which Mrs.
Townsend kept a dozen or more keys. It
was in plain view, but every one did not
have access to the room In which it was
located. We will not object to the ap
pointment of a trustworthy person, whose
duty it shall be to search Mrs. Townsend's
home for any papers that may have a
bearing on the case."
Samuel M. Shortridge, who has been ap
pointed^attornty for absent heirs, will join
in any proceeding which will tend toward
the discovery of the legitimate heirs to
the estate.
"Tho duties of an attorney for absent
Joseph Coburn to Apply for
Special Letters Of Ad
ministration.
He Will Oppose Mrs. Murray's Peti
tion and Force Matters in Legal'
Struggle for Dead Woman's
Possessions.
CONTEST OVER
MRS. TOWISEHD'S
LARGE ESTATE
heirs," said Mr. Shortrid&e. "are not
clearly understood. It is the duty of such
counsel to assist the court in ferreting out,
as it were, those who should legally in
herit the estate of a dead person. He must
see to it that the proper party is selected
to administer on the estate; that no fraud
ulent practices are carried on. and that
the estate is ultimately distributed to tho
parties who are entitled to It. The State
of California may enter into the proceed
ings, as the estate might escheat to tho
State. Then there is the inheritance tax,
which makes the people interested. It la
my duty to see that all interests which
are not otherwise represented shall have
their claims presented in a formal man
ner."
Delegates Ftohi Majority of Lodges
la This City Want Next
Grand Lodge.
From the delegates of the thirty Odd
Fellows' lodges in this city -who met in
Odd Fellows' Hall yesterday morning it
was learned that the sentiment of the
lodges was in favor of inviting the Sov-
Grand Loiige to meet in this city
in y.-'l.
Grand Master W. W. Watson, president
cf the body, composed of one delegate
from f3cli lodge, announced after roll call
that our of twenty-nine representatives
present eleven were strongly In favor of
the next Sovereign Lodge being held here,
nine promised to fall in line if the invi
tation was accepted and five were opposed
to the idea. Several of the delegates re
ported a guarantee of }1 per capita from
facn. member of their lodges. The chair
man wa.s empowered to appoint as many
committetf as he saw lit to place the mat
ter before the Hoard of Trade, the Cham
ber cf Commerce and the merchants of
Kan Francisco that they might forward
en invitation to the Sovereign Grand
T/odge, which meets in Richmond, Va., In
September.
SAN FRANCISCO WILL
INVITE ODD FELLOWS
HIS Grace the Most Rev. P. "W.
Riordan. Archbishop of the Bee,
laid the cornerstone of St.
Boniface's new church on Golden
Gats avenue, near Leavenworth street,
yesterday afternoon. The ceremony,
which was of great solemnity, was per
formed in the presence of thousands of
people of all denominations 'and was most
Interesting. The Archbishop, clad in the
priestly robes of his high office and pre
ceded by acolytes and the clergy, marched
! in stately procession from the congrega
tion's present place of worship into the
new edifice. As the procession marched
along Golden Gate avenue through the
lines of eager sightseers the choir ren
dered the "Veni Creator." The procession
halted in the sanctuary of the new
church. The Archbishop then blessed the
cross with holy water and as the line
moved toward the cornerstone the rev
erend father blessed the walls of the now
rising edifice. With a silver trowel the
prelate spread the mortar over the stone,
which was held in position by a derrick,
and. as it was lowered into place appropri
ate prayers were delivered by the clergy
present. After this important ceremony the
Archbishop again moved around the build
ing and sprinkled holy water on the walls.
The prelate then ascended the platform
and, facing the large audience, delivered
a short address In which he congratulated
the congregation for the work it had un
dertaken and prayed that they complete
their splendid work. In part he said:
"I deem It my duty to say a word or
two to encourage members of the congre
gation for their zeal and generosity in
building up a great church for themselves
and their children. They required great
courage, my dear people, to undertake
so vast a work as this. When we remem
ber the small beginnings of a few years
ago and the amount of money expended
upon this parish In the purchase of prop- i
cornerstone: The name of the reigning
pontiff, Pope Leo XIII; the names of the
Archbishop of the diocese, his Grace the
Rev. P. w. Riordan; the pastor of St.
Boniface's Church, Rev. Maximilian
Neuman; the clergy of the household,
among them being Rev. Fathers Augus
tine, Philibert, James and Cornelius;
Brother Adrian, O. F. M., of St. Louis,
the architect; Brother Ildephons, the su
perintendent and inspector of construc
tion, and the visiting clerpry and coins of
the realm and sacred relics.
Archbishop Riordan was assisted In the
ceremonies by the following named cler
gymen of this city and vicinity:
Rev. Father P. Scanlan, Rev. Plus Murphy
Rev. Terence Caraher, Rev. P. J. Cummlng,
Rev. Fathers Raphael and Lambert of St.
Anthony's Church; Rev. Father O'Connor, O.
P.. of Benlcla; Rev. Father Perpeni. S. S.:
Rev. H. H. Wyman, Rev. Father Kaunkel and
Rev. Father Veubert of St. Patrick's Theo
logical Seminary; Rev. Fathers Miller and Cul
ligan. S. J. ; Rev. Father Maximilian Klein of
Fruitvale: Rev. Father McQuald. Rev. Father
Joseph M. Oreni. S. F., and Brother Hosea of
the Dominican Order.
Under the leadership of Professor John
B. Mayle the following choir rendered
hymns during the ceremony:
Tenors— MathI as Frey. Frank Gluerk, John
Werner, Robert Karp and Joseph Boedecker;
bassos— Au rust Vetter, Jacob Schmttt, Lorens
Blucher. August Imfang-er and Aumst Breni
mer; eopranos— Clara Kaiser, May Hllderbrand,
Alvina Muller, Miss Partmann and Mary Lln
newebber; altos— Mrs. Mayle, Sophie Vetter,
Clara Vetter, Mary Muller- and Amanda
Pfeffer.
The various societies connected with the
church, including Saints Peter and Paul
Verein. St. Anthony's, the ! Married La
dies' and the Young Men's sodalities and
St. Francis* Sodality of St. Elizabeth's
Church, Fruitvale, participated in the cer
emonies.
The following named comprised the
committee of arrangements:
August Vetter, president; Bernard Mayer,
vlc» president; Albert Matschke and Carl
Gchnabel, secretaries; F. B. Schoensteln, finan
cial secretary: usher* — Robert Troet, Albert
Metzgrer, Joseph Hoefer. Charles Mauritzen, J.
Geraer, F. L. Guntz and P. A. Mayer.
erty and the enlargement of the old
church it Is surprising that you can be
gin building a church which will entail
great sacrifices on your part. The parish
has grown to such a large extent that this
building is needed for the accommodation
of the .people. The children in the schools
have increased so largely that the older
buildings and this magnificent school
house which is before us are necessary to
house them.
"You have my heartfelt congratulations
for what you have done in the past and
what you purpose continuing to do. I am
sure there are Catholics in this city who
will lend a helping hand to the good work
and bring it to a successful issue. There
is no such thing as a German Catholic
church.an Irish Catholiochurch or an Ital
ian Catholic church. We are all members
of a great faith; we are members of a
great army and belong to His fold; we are
all brothers and sisters of a great saving
faith. I am sure they will not be back
ward in coming to this congregatlon'.s as
sistance. I hope God will bless what we
have done to-day and bring it to a suc
cessful issue and that we may have the
privilege of dedicating this house of wor
ship to the service of our Lord."
The speaker introduced Rev. Father
Maximilian Neuman, O. F, M., the pas
tor of the church, who addressed the as
semblage in German. He congratulated
the congregation on the beginning they
had made in the old church and lauded
the former pastors, who are now deceased.
He spoke in high praise of Father Gerard,
first of the Franciscan Fathers in St.
Boniface's pariah. He dwelt at length
on the good will shown by the congrega
tion in proposing the building of a new
church and the helping hand they had
lent. He exhorted them to continue and
spoke of the spirit of faith, good will and
charity that should reign in the parish.
In concluding his address the speaker
asked the blessings of God on the good
work and prayed that He would lend his
aid in completing the house Of worship
The singing of the "Te Deum" by the
choir and the assembled congregation
completed the ceremonies.
The following relics were placed In the
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONY AT LAYING OF CORNERSTONE.
Christ, Instead of Seeking Angels,
Gave Ministry Into Hands of
Poor, Sinful Men of
Galilee.
Preaching from a text contained In St.
Paul's Epistle to the Epheslans, chapter
B. verses 19-22. the Rev. Father Peter C.
Torke delivered a powerful sermon on the
relation of the priest to the world at St.
James Church, Twenty-third and Guer
rero Etrects. yesterday morning. The
speaker claimed that the mission of the
priest is a mission of reconciliation, and
that to properly reach the hearts of those
he seeks to eav© must above all things
be a man, and not a. mystic.
"Especially must the work of re
deeming souls be Individual," declared
Father Yorke. "You cannot save souls by
wholesale. It Is true that the apostles
wore Bent out to be fishers of men, but
they were told not to use a dragnet, but
a single line."
Bpeaklngr of the klr<* of men whom
Christ cho«© as his <3ieciples. Father
yorke said:
"He passed over those whom he might
have used— the ar.prels. lie passed over
th^s© heayc-n!y beings tnat knew no sin
und came down to earth, sought among
the poor, fcinful men of Galilee and gave
his ministry into their hands. A priest of
tiod Ffcouid be as a man. He should know
the passions of a sinful man. When a
man comes to console a fellow human be
ing if he has not known 6orrow and pain
l:irr.*«-lf you know how hollow and me
chanical his gTief sounds. But let one
who has felt suffering visit you on an
errand of consolation, and then what a
tiifference.
"Bo when our IjOtQ. sent out apostles he
eent out men who could speak 10 the sons
of Adam and whom the sons of Adam
would understand. The object of the apos
tles was to bring the ministry of reconcil
iation home to every man; to make every
rr.an understand that hf could not deal
with God direct, but with his agents. All
the .ijiosiles disappeared; some died by
the sword, eome under cruel torture, some
were driven afar by persecution, seme
were torn to ehreds by the fangs of wild
beasts: but the apostolic college has en
dured and endures. The sound of its voice
%v«nt out to the ends of the earth bo that
these who listened to it were no longer
like children tossed to and fro by every
wind of doctrine, but they enjoyed com
fort and 3 i^ace under the swell of its mu
fic. We priests may sometimes falter,
sometimes be weak, though we are minis
\(T* of reconciliction. "We, the shepherds,
want to pro with you. the sheep, to the
preen pasture? of eternity, where there
will be no more pain, sorrow or suffering,
er.d where The srr*at shepherd ehall wipe
ell tears frr«n all eyes."
In a Foraeful Sermon the
Prelate Describes His
Ideal Minister.
PRIESTS SHOULD
BE HUMAN, SAYS
FATHER YORKE
The announcement in yesterday's Call
of the appointment of Bishop Montgomery
to be coadjutor to Archbishop Riordan
was much discussed by Catholics yester
day. An inkling of the appointment had
become current in the diocese, but the
news of it came as a great surprise to all
but a few.
Bishop Montgomery's popularity Is so
great in San Francisco that both in the
church and out of it expressions of
pleasure are heard that the Archbishop *6
to. have the aid of so able a coadjutor in
his great work. The Archbishop made
no direct reference to the appointment in
his sermon at solemn high mass at the
Cathedral yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
The Cathedral was crowded with people
anxious for a iirst sight of his Grace and
eager to hear his iirst sermon alter his
return from Rome.
Kev. \. Ik Hannigan celebrated mass.
Rev. C. A. Ramm was deacon and Rev.
K P. Dempsey sub-deacon. Rev. P. h..
Mulligan was master of ceremonies. Una
Arcnuisnop occupied the tnrone with Rev.
joaeuh P. Meyaiuae and Kev. P. O Ryan.
The Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast, vicar
general was assistant priest.
By way of introduction to his sermon,
the Archbishop spoke of his pleasure U
being once more with his people. He
continued:
"I need not say to you that I am very
glad to flnd myself once more In the city
where my work is laid and with the people
of my diocese. I ask you to join with me
in returning thanks to Almighty God that
he has permitted me to return in some
what better health than when I went
away. 1 want to thank you for the wel
come you have given me and lor your
prayers while I was abroad.
"1 thank God that, while I am not so
strong as I was twenty years ago, I am
still well enough to do my work wltnout
asking for an assistant." .
The scriptural lesson was the parable o£
the unjust steward, St. Luke xvl:l-9. The
Archbishop spoke In part as follows on
•'There is an air of the nineteenth cen
tury about this parable, though It was
spoken in the first. Human nature is
much the same In any century. The rich
man had a steward who was faithless to
his trust and squandered his master s
money. Word came to the master that
his agent was dishonest and he demanded
an account of his stewardship.
"The steward prepared to give up his
position by reducing the rents of his mas
ter's debtors, so that they would "S^i!
him into their houses when he should be
put out of the stewardship.
''Our Lord said, 'The children of this
world are wiser in their generation than
the children of light.' Our blessed Lord
does not approve of the steward s dishon
esty, but he praises his ingenuity, his
foresight. We can make an abstraction or
a single good quality of a man's character
and praise It, though condemning the
character as a whole. It has been said
that the evil one himself deserves some
credit for his perseverance.
"So the steward was wise In maKing
friends. Our Lord carries the lesson out
into the higher life and says, 'Make to
vourselves friends of the mammon of un
righteousness; that, when ye fail, they
may receive you into everlasting habita
tions.' Make friends of these things you
have about you, that they may help you
to everlasting life, y
"There is a class of people who pay no
attention to the future Jlfe. They live en
tirely for this life and In this life, and are
to engrossed in its affairs that they have
no thought for the future existence. An
other class of people do look into the
future and are careless of the things of
to-day. A third class cf men try to com
bine the two and have half a heart for
each.
"Those who give thought to the future
have a great lesson to learn from the
first class. What they do they do well.
They give their whole time and thought
to affairs. They have diligence and per
severance, which need only be brought to
a higher sphere. They are to be con
demned only for failing to see how the
routine of dally affairs can have a bear
ins on the eternal life. Too many preach
ers dwell upon the worthlessness of all
things human. Every duty well per
formed leads to God.
"The Lord contrasts the half-hearted
ness of the third class with the energy
of the first. "We have our profession and
we should try to live up to It. No man
can live up to all his profession, for the
Christian Ideal Is so high that It can at
tain Its perfect realization only In heaven.
"Look about you and see the Indiffer
ence that makes religion an affair of one
day In the week. Compare It with the
enerery of those who consider the thing's
of this world only. "We can't do much
for God If we wait to do something great
and heroic. We will not be called upon to
give our lives for him. Life Is made up
of little things. They are the weapons
of eternity.
"Do not look about with discontent upon
other people's better fortune. Let us faea
our duties and accept our position wfth
cheerfulness and thankfulness to God.
with calm hearts doing the little thinsrs
that will lead us to the life that will
not pass away."
At the cl^se of the mass the Archbishop
trave the Papal benediction and the "Tf
Deum" was sung by the choir In honor of
his eafe return.
News of Bishop Montgomery's Ap
pointment as the Archbishop's Co
adjutor Causes Deep Interest
Among Catholics.
Cathedral Crowded During
His First Sermon After
His Return.
LOVING PEOPLE
LISTEN AGAIN TO
THE ARCHBISHOP
Archbishop Riordan Blesses the
Walls and Sanctuary of St.
Boniface's New House
of Worship.
BEFORE A GREAT THRONG
CORNERSTONE IS PLACED
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, JULY 30, 1900.
12
Recommended by physicians. "Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best In city. •
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Great C«t Price Sale
China
Grookary
Gfessware
Stfoez* Sweated! Ware
20 P er ccat. off Dinner Sets
20 P er cent, off Jardinieres
2O P sr txnt - °ft Clocks
20 P er cent - °K Glassware
2O P cr cc Ct- off Lamps
20 P er ce&U off Knives, Forks, Spoons
Z-Xfcrh Grade Sliver Plated Ware
30 psr cent, eff ail Odds and Ends
Grey Enameled Ware, prices away down
Table Glassware, prices away down
DINNER SETS
44 piece Dinner Set, S3.OO
Go piece Dinner 8et, S4.4O
loo piece Dinner Set, $Q 93 .
GLASS CcRRV AND TABLE SETS
35. 4O. 45. 55. 73. 9Q Cts. per 8<?t
GLASS PITCHERS, SUGAR BOWLS
AN9 SPOON HOLDERS
5, 10, 19, 20. 25 Ct». eacb
LEMONADE AND. WATER SETS
45. 35. 65, 75, 90 Cts, per Wet
CO rtE JCHT Tit SEE
Good Xlixie and Place to Baj
Gmt AehIei IfflDGitiEi Ta Ca.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
£10-213 Grant Ave, (Bet. Butter and Post).
til Market St. <Opp. PowelU.
340 Fixth St.
SiS Hayes St. fl8 Third Bt.
JUS P<ilk Bt. 621 Monttomerr Ar«
5X16 Mixrlon Bt. 705. I^erkln St.
Ci/j6 Sixteenth fit. ms Devlsadero St.
1*6 JCIiuh fit. 475 H&lsrbt St.
200S KiJiraore St. £285 Mission St.
12 Market St. £782 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
30S» Washington 6t. Cl« E. 12th St.
12S7 Broadway 1186 23d Ave.
XUO Seventh SI 1355. Park St.. AlimeOa.
B iu, near 4th, Ban RafoeL j
uu. t. Hess. J)
KCTAHY tVtSLlO AN3 ATToaHjS?-AT-I^w.
Tentj Floor. Room 1015. Claua Syreckel* Bids.
Telephone Brown 831.
e£ e^a n a C c e uc" X CaUfornl » ¦".. below PowtU.
$vJr FAVORITE
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
DR.MCMJLTY.
nUIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIA BT.K OLD
J. Special 1st cures 1'rivaie. >iervo:is. ami Blood Dm.
eases of Men tmtjf. Koot; on Tnvace .Disease* and
W'pakiiPHSPS of Men. free. Over-Oy'rs' rxpprienc?.
Patients ror«] 11 Home. Terms reasonable Hour*9
to3d:ii!y:R.30to8:S> pv'gs. Sijtvlav*. 10 to 10, t'nnauU
tatlonireeanrlsaoretilycontiilentirj!. fall oradtlresa
r. hom;o*: Bcxulty, ji.d.
26li Kenrny St.. San Franci«ro, Cal.
Connected by s covered passageway
and operated under one noanags-
ment on the American and European
plans.
Travelers from every portion of th»
glebe show their appreciation of ths
comforts and luxuries to be obtained
In these hotels by malting them thair
headquarters when visitin£ siaa
Francisco.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
20 % Cut,
Including Lerr&lres. with ami without handlw.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala 13.
usstR chromicie BUU.01W&. Catalogue Free
OPTICIANS / p U m^ ?H i CAP?AnAlia '
• KH0TO Scientific
642 Market 5t. instrument*
BOWEM
School opens today — im-
mediate delivery to those
just returning to the city —
prompt service to all— of
course — we solicit a renewal
of your patronage
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Shoe polish— Acme i2^C
For everybody's shoes— makes a
smooth lasting polish — reg'ly 15c bot
Olive Oil— Virgin pints 30C
Our importation— quarts 55c
bottled in France — reg'ly 35c and 65c
French mustard-^u« 15c
Variety of flavors — ready for use —
appetizing — reg'ly 25c bottle
Maple Syrup— Hazen quart 35c
reg'ly 45c and 80c J gallon 65C
The real genuine maple syrup
from Vermont
Fruit syrup— ob <t co quart 40c
JS'atural fresh fruit flavor— pure
delicious — eight varieties— reg'ly 50c
Salmon— 1 1b cans - IOC
Selected fish— Ai quality—
reg'ly 12JC — quick luncheon
Cherries in marasquin 6oc
For flavoring summer drinks-
dainty dessert— reg'ly 70c— large bott!e
WhlSky-(G= B & Co) gallon $3
O K Bourbon 3 bottles 2
reg'ly $4 gallon Si bottle— good
whisky is nerve food and nerve tonic
Holland gin— oidTom. <^o C
Reg'iy 51 bottle— at this price
you can afford to use the best
Salad dressing-reg'iy 3 oc bot 25c
Sierra Madre-mafc o f best ingredi-
ents—richly seasoned mayonnaise
Olives— whole ripe 2 cc
Have you learned to like them yet ?
1 ry these— full quart
Bay rum— imported 20C
Doubled distilled— from St.
i homas Island— reg'ly 35c bottle
Talcum powder 3boxes 25c
Soothing to the skin-for
infants and adults— antiseptic
Smelling salts-ow™ small 25c
reg'ly 30c and 50c large 45C
Invigorating— refreshing
LiSterine-Iarge 65C small 2OC
Its uses multiply with its use
Ice cream— Sherbet-fruit ices
This suggests the following articles-
notice the saving to those who buy now
Freezers-Magic 20% discount
S i?e»— quart a 3 4 6 8
Special 5i 60 $2 00 $2 40 $3 00 53 75
Reg ly . 2 00 2 50 3 00 3 75 4 65
Moulds— all sizes— 20% discount
Our assortment Is too large to
specify prices
Flavoring extracts 20c
Almond— banana — cochineal —
rose — nectarine^ — orange —
peach — raspberry — strawberry —
reg'ly 25c 2 ounce bottle — Burnett
Lemon extract— 6 oz bottle 30c
Vanilla extract— 6 oz bottle 40c
Just a little required —
reg'ly 40c and 50c— G B & Co
Rock Salt— 50 lbs— reg'iy 40c 25C
Ready this week— August catalogue —
write or call
4j2Plne *3* S utter 2S00 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between El?venr!i r»n{ Twe f;h OjkUnJ
G0LD3ERS. BOWEM ft CO'S SPECIAL SAVINS SALS
GOLDBERG. BOWEH * CO'S SPECIAL SAVINS S.
LAST WEEK OF OUR
SEMI-ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE.
NOTE THE FOLLOWING.
FANCY SILKS, in Stplpel and Plaid Taffetas, Plaid
Surahs, Corded Fancu Taffetas and Figured Satins,
all in short lengths, suitahle fop waists and skirts j
prices were $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 nard.
All Reduced to 50c Yard,
NOVELTY DRESS FABRICS, in Silk and Wool Novelties
and Silk and Wool Novelty Crepons, all this season's
Importation, all marked down to ahout one-half the
cost to import.
GENUINE FRENCH PRINTED ORGANDIES, latest de-
signs, Scotch and Irish Printed Dimities, all
i Reduced to I2ic Yard,
LADIES' FINE SHIRT WAISTS, In a good Yarletu ut
colorings and styles, full assortment of sizes, all
marked down to less than cost to import.
A large accumulation of REMNANTS OF BLACK, col-
ored AND FANCY RIBBONS, REMNANTS OF SWISS
NAINSOOK AND CAMBRIC EMBROIDERIES will he
sold this week at Yerg Low Prices.
111, 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
swa-wiS'^f - \i *™v fif jra &*a*ir^H!
Hxw b E-3 lEnS £3 GSSbB IJ (j"*ts K