THE SCENE OF THE TERRIFIC EXPLOSION AND FIREMN NEW YORK, WHERE NUMBERS WERE KILLED
AND MANY INJURED; THE HOSPITAL. TO WHICH THEY WERE TAKEN, AND THE NINTH-AVENUE
* ELEVATED RAILROAD STATION THAT' WAS 'ALSO'. WRECKED.
dered his crew back Into the building
again. They were dragging the line to the
doorway for the. second time when came
another explosion, more terrific than .the
first,, and the whole crew was hurled
across Greenw'ch street. ' Devanney was
so badly injured that 'he was sent to a
hospital. ;' f ;..'•¦
' In the meantime the pther engines that
had* responded. to the alarm had collected
and the firemen were busy rescuing people
from surroundings buildings. The firemen
had already taken many'girls down the
only fire escape upon the building, and
more persons had- been carried down the
escape of the Home Made Restaurant,
next door, and the buildings adjoining'
upon "Warren Htreet. ¦ ¦ .
The second explosion occurred about five
minutes after the first. From the ac
counts of witnesses the building seemed
Continued on Second Pag% •
McKINLEY WILL
CARRY NEW YORK
AND THE NATION
1^."» EW YORK, Oct. 29- — All the members of the Republican National Executive Committee in charge
1^1 of the McKinley campaign in the East united yesterday in a formal prediction that the majority
* . ™ for the Republican national ticket in-New York State will hot be less than 1OO,OOO. Their state
ment of the situation is substantially as follows: ' . . \~, '',.- ¦,',_,
; "In order that our friends throughout:, the country may.. not; be disturbed by' the Democrats'
claims, the New York members, of the Executive Committee of the Republican National Committee, being ¦
perfectly certain of their, facts and figures, f brmail7 ' declare that } New York J State - is • absolutely sure i for
McKinley and Roosevelt. The committee is as certain of New York as of Vermont. From concurrent and
indisputable sources' of information it is enabled. to.stateipositively.and officially that the 'majority for
the Republican national ticket in the State at large will.not'be less than IOOJ66O: v
"These figures are based on a careful and thorough^ canvass of all parts of the* State,: resulting
in positive assurances to the above; effect' in -possession of .the Republican National' Committee : .'and the
Republican \ State Committee. - The y Republican 'managers < have * considered ; New ,, York the ; pivotal State.
They have therefore paid the closest attention to^all^ details^ requisite } f or' carrying^the State. ;'/.- V
'. '.'Preliminary ; polls • and Inquiries have shown that business men, farmers of rural districts and all
others who believe in an honest dollar present a solid phalanx. against Bryan^andjBryanisnij'Oroker'and
Crbkerism, and in support of McKinley,' RooieveltjOdell and Woodruff. ; "CORNELIXJS N. BLISS,
_¦" '.''¦/ -\ ' *".' " - " -'-V--- — v— ' V ''J^EPH H. MANLEY,
.'¦: ¦ I": ¦ "Executive Committe 3 Republican National Committee, New York.'' ' *
Benjamin B. .Odsllj 'chairman of the Republican" JState Committee, claims a plurality of more than
100*000 .'for. McKinley in New '-York. ;^Joseph;^ H/!Manley}Baid'< the .B^pubYic'an ; National r Committee ex- ¦
pects;294 electoral, votes -for McKinley, including those of - . - _ ' :
manner."
In the crowd circulars had been distrib
tt*d" asking him his record as to asserr
The Roosevelt train arrived at Ithaca
a little behind time. The" greatest en
thusiasm of the entire Irip'was manifest
ed in the city and at the train. This was
due partly to the presence of Cornell Co'l
lefie students. A trolley car was in wait
ing for the party at the- station, and as it
passed own the main streets 'toward the
meeting" place it "had to go through lines
«.f students exhibiting the wildest enthu
8-i5.»:m. One squad of students had dinner
pails In their hands and .wore blue Jump-
Vi a. A parade was formed, with three
lands and a firrcat crowd 'of students and
<-]tizens. The Governor dwelt upon the
f'-atur<^ of the McKinley administration,
lie said to cno of the committee. "I shall
/.nswer all questions in a good-natured
The Governor to-day at all three of his
stops devoted himself principally to a de
tfnte of the national 'administration.
EI^MJKA. N. Y..- Oct. 29.— Governor
Roorevelt finished the first day of his
second week's campaign in this State by
en Invasion of the home of the Demo
cratic candidate for Governor. John M.
Stancrficl<J. At Ithaca the Governor's le
ccption was «if a most friendly nature, and
he paid a compliment to one of the col
lege men. a son of Richard Croker. by re
fusing to do as he has generally done at
other stops-make a personal attack on
the Tammany leader. At Van Netten h©
made a short address. HJ« welcome in
Elmira was a great political demonstra
tion. There were nearly a thousand
mounted Rough Riders and the Lyceum
and new Tivoli .theaters were crowded
with people eager to hear the Governor
speak, and overflow outdoor meetings
•were held. Fully 20,000 - people were in
town. :" ,
, In speaking of the probable enfranchise
ment of negroes in Porto Rico and of dls
franchisement In North Carolina he "said :
"Mr. Houghton. your eWch there, will
remember and perhaps^some of, you who
know the conditions of the past will re
member how one of the best, if not the
best, centersthe Harvard team ever had
was a colored" man. Now. gentlemen, it
would have been 1 perfect" folly to put him
on the team because of his .color, and it
would have ¦ been ; equally • as "foolish ;to
have kept him off on account'of his 'color.'
Is not that so?" .
"I want to-call your attention to one or
two phases of the campaign, but before
doing eo I want to preface what I say by
a correction of a local Democratic news
paper. The paper |stated in appropriate
headlines that I had said four years ago
that I would lead an army to Washing
ton to prevent the inauguration "of Bryan
if 'elected. It seems to me, speaking seri
ously, a little humiliating . even to have
to deny what is not merely a falsehood
but a preposterous falsehood, and those
who cried it either do know or ought to
know that there is no truth In It; not
merely that I never said It, but that I
never dreamed of it. I never eaid.any
thing that by the most violent efforts
could have been twisted Into" a statement
of that character. Now I trust that paper
will not think that that is an evasive imf
swer. If 1 can make it more positive I
will." ¦ ¦ • .- •¦--,.-
It was about an hour after the Gover
nor arrived at the stand before he g-ot
well into his speech, the boys' insisting
upon singing college airs to • campaign
words and giving their yells. ¦ The Gov
ernor said: •• :-. •- ¦ -
tions he was alleged to have made regard
ing farmers and laborers and containing
a piece of verse called '.'Ruffian Rider
Roosevelt"
ROOSEVELT TALKS TO
CORNELL STUDENTS
Half; an hour after, the . explosion the
streets- for;. blocks around "the fire . were
crowded with fire apparatus and. a score
of ambulances, 1 while. hundreds of police
men', were being. rushed. from«all the lower
The explosion and. fire together now as
sumed the proportions of. a great catastro
phe, and It was thought that, hundreds of
lives had been ¦ lost. Throngs of- people
were running about In the near-by .streets,
many Of them panlc-"stricken, fleeing from
the fire. They mingled In. the crowd that
was rushing down from Broadway to see
what had happened. f ; .;lV;r :
and by- a" countless number of smaller
ones. By this time the fire apparatus was
"arriving from every , direction. Deputy
Chief Ahearn caihe , about two minutes
after the second series of explosions, and
he at once ordered a fifth alarm sent out,
followed by a general call for ambulances.
Across Warren street. to theiopposlte
buildings theflame'sileaped; setting them
afire at once, -ihe^wbrWof 'the explosion
demolishing ' windows^ ..and all wooden
structures about the houses.' In a moment
Warren street : was -choked "with a mass
of debris and the 'whole 'place was In
flames. The great-' explosion-' was -followed
by a half-dozen more scarcery less Intense
Great Catastrophe Feared.
to leap^lnto .the'airr and.in a moment
masses of brick^wali, .timbers and stone
were falling into ' the ' street.' The force
of the ( explosion tore, away the walls of
the big ' comrhision .storehouses fronting
on Washington' street .and; caused^them to
* collapse',' falling' all. at 'once. in a mass of
timber, boxes and barrels. ( fr6m which' the
flames, which hurst out. from the. Tarrant
building like, the belching of. a* cannon.
: broke forth. ¦¦.. ,--..;/ ... - . ;
KLMIHA. N. Y.. Oct. 2?.— For the first
timf ii\ New York State. ;-nd in the home
cf thr .Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor. Theodore —oosevelt was assaulted
on the *treetfi of Klmira to-night on his
? ay t<> the place of meeting. He was in
a- carriage with former Senator Fassett,
and at several points along the route was
j.e'.ted with eggs an2 vegetables and greet
*tl with the vUest epithets. He sat in dig
nified eilence, *.hil<* the police looked on
cj.iUs-.m'.y.
The carnPiUKn club from Cominjr was
also^assaulted personally and a bitter fight
ensued. In the places of meeting the Gov
ernor had no Interruptions, After it was
over he said:
"It was nasty conduct — the conduct of
hoodlums."
Six men from Corning were .badly hurt!
being severely braised.
"The fight at Victor." said Secretary
Loeb of the Oovernor'g staff, "was not
half so bad as that here to-night. At Vic
tor no blood was phed. but here blool
flowed quite freely." •
NEW YORK HOODLUMS
ASSAULT GOVERNOR
The. first explosion Ililed the place witH
sulphurous .smoke-' that nearly asphyx
iated everybody. The second explosion
blew- In the '-windows and cut the" two
Mccklcms -• seriously. ¦ The- boy; Hecken
berry, found the two girls lying in • a
heap." fainted away. ' They carried . tbem
out <to a place {of .safety.. The Mothers,
came to.their senses, gathered
;tKe- money" from ¦ the floor, put it In cigar
boxes and carried it to safety. *.
[¦ The /other tenants of v the* building, a
•In Mecklem Brothers offices in the base
ment' there were H. II. Mecklem and his
brother William, with Frank Hecken
berry, a boy; Thomas Hackett, a clerk;
another- man 'named Bruce some
girls, among them EUcn '. Vandeen and
May Dunklemann. When the fire broke
out $00,000 in money lay upon the counter.
Heckenberry . was stationed at/the door,
while this was gathered together for put
tlngin the vault"
At the first explosion an attempt was
made ' to - gather all the money and paper
that was- lying on the counters together
and to * throw ; them : into '• the safes, and
It was- supposed that this had been dons,
when the second 'explosion brought flying
glass and plastering from the sky-lighted
ceilings 3 down' about the heads of every
body..and caused them to escape in a
hurry. - ; Captain"- McCluskey of -'the De
tectlve. Bureau, who hurried every avail
able man of his staff to the fire, was
appealed to to protect the 'funds of the
bank, he being told that they were in
the vault, the" door of which was sup
posed to be unlocked. When the captain
and his men went in, however, they found
about $10,009 scattered in qonfusion over
counters ¦ and floors. 'This was .hastily
thrown Into- the* vault and the door was
locked. The bank'wlll be open for busi
ness to-morrow. • ,
Vice- Presidents Charles' H. Mattlage
and John W. Castrel, Cashier James. A.
Dennison.' Assistant Cashier Benjamin F.
Werner, ' Paying Teller • William" Dunlap
and Adjuster Van Zeidt were In the bank.
The wreckage wa3 thrown across
through the windows .of the building in
which is the Irving National Bank on the
northeast corner of the street. The offices
in the " Irving Bank and of Mecklem
Brothers.! bankers and brokers,' were
nearly wrecked.
Confusion in a Bank.
Immense masses of masonry, pieces of
cornice, great beams, window casings and
an 'indescribable mass of wreckage of
every' description tumbled suddenly Into
the street, in front of the bulluing all at
once. .The force of the explosion below
had thrown the firemen back across the
street so that they were not caught, but
their escape from the rain of debris
across the street was almost miraculous.
Just after the . outbreak of fire from
the windows of the building a down town
bound train- stopped at the Warren-street
station of the Ninth-avenue elevated
road. It passed on in time to escape the
explosion and the few people who were
left on the platform of the station aro
thought to have all escaped before the
great explosion came. . The station master
fled across the structure, . carrying with
him the receipts of the day and Bis un
used-tickets, while two women, who' had
stopped on the platform to watch the
fire,' frightened by the first explosion, fled
down the down town tracks In safety.
The big explosion completely carried
away the station.
minutes occurred; between rtnernrst* and
minor explosion, which warned every one
within hearing distance, and the second
one.
The second exploson carried destruction
in every direction. That it did not cause
wholesale loss !of life was due to the fact
that almost ten minutes' warning came
after the first cry of fire, and fully five
The Second. Explosion.
precincts of the city to form lines, and
many priests from near-by parishes were
going here and there In the smoke-ob
soured thoroughfares seeking for injured
who might need their aid. From the burn
ing buildings a column of smoke was ris
ing high in the air. mingled with flames
that could not be controlled by hundreds
of streams thrown upon them.
On the first floor were the offices of the
company and .the retail dispensing de
partment. There were about half a
dozen persons on this floor at the time of
the fire.. On the second floor was Brelten
bj+ch's Pepsin Chewing Gum ' Factory,
where ten girls and six boys were em
ployed The third and fourth floors were
storage floors for .the Tarrant Company.
There were several porters on the. two
floors. The fifth was used as a bottling
department for one of the firm's special
ties. Six girls were employed here. The
sixth floor was the place of manufacture,
where three men were usually . employed.
One of these, a porter, named John Phil
ipps. 13 known to have escaped. Another.
In «the basement were tha engineers'
department and the shipping-room, where
four men were employed. AH those prob
ably escaped.
The number of persons in the Tarrant
building was estimated to be In the
neighborhood of fifty. Secretary Allen of
the company said that there were forty
five employes and he thought all got out
with, the exception of one. People who
saw. the fire declare, however, that more
must have been Joat.
Outside of a few who were Injured In
the streets the loss of life by the firs and
the explosion must have occurred In the
Tarrant building mainly and possibly in
the otbe.r buildings destroyed by the ere.
The first news of th.* flre'sent out was
that the Tarrant building in Its fall hal
crushed down upon two crowded restau
rants and burled a hundred or more In
each. Subsequent examination showed
that if any persons were caught. in thess
places it was the kitchen help and very
few outsiders, if anybody. The patrons
of the Home Made restaurant, kept by a
man named Buckley, Vere In the utmost
danger, but witnesses say all escaped and
after 'the flames subsided a clear view
could be got Into the dining-room and no
bodies could be seen, the place being un
touched by fire, though \niuch damaged
by the collapse of the restaurant building.
A man who watched the fire from across
the street said that the crowd in the res
taurant was evidently warned and
swarmed - out after the first explosion,
everybody being out when the second ex
plosion came.
A restaurant on the south side of War
ren street was In as much danger nearly
and the- building was totally destroyed by
the fire, but it was said that tha crowd
got out of this also. It was thought that
the cooks In the Buckley restaurant and
some of the guests who tried to escape by
a rear alley might have t>een caught.
Number of Dead in Doubt.
number of lawyers and brokers, all es
caped Injury. "*\
The ' explosion completely demolished
windows on Greenwich street on both
sides for three blocks la both directions.
The street was covered with fine bits of
glass.
Buildings Blown Down. *
The force of the explosion was exerted
horizontally across the street, skylights
being carried away as if by a storm and
the casings of doors broken away with
the glass. The explosion did not sparo
the interiors of doors, everything being
heaped up in confusion.
~ The explosion tore flown the buildings to
the west, the walls of those on the Wash
1 ington-atreet side being hurled outward to
the- streets as if an explosion had taken
place locally Instead of away at the
Greenwich-street end of the block. It
was thought, indeed, that the explosions
had followed in these buildings, but no
cause for them could be found. The im
mense' buildings of J. II. Mohlman & Co..
fronting on "Washington street, simply col
lapsed, a deluge of barrels and boxes,
filled with fruit, rolling out and forming
a pile that stretched half-way across the
street. At the time of the explosion blaz
ing barrels were hurled clear across
Washington street and set fire to tha
buildings to the west, threatening an ex
tension of the conflagration In .that direc
tion, but the firemen deluged the build
ings and saved them.
NEW". YORK. Oct. 29.— "Every man
votes for Bryan should *ee
that his vote is "counted, and
there It? only one way to do that j
Kafdy. My advice to Democratic J
voters, the country over is to congregate
atvjut the pollinf: places on the evening of
flffUoa'd.iy, count noses, and then if the
clertJon returns for Bryan don't tally with
their count to go into the polling places I
snd throw those fellows in charge of the j
ret urns into the smet."
This drcterafTSn: containing' an incite
ment to violence at the polls, wae made
by Richard Croker to several reporters at
Tammany Hall to-day. Mr. Croker added
the special request that his advice be
rrinted.
Vnder the provisions of the election law •
"any person who unlawfully goes within !
the guard rail of any polling place, or un- !
lawfully remains wiihin su^b guard rails ¦
after having been commanded to remove i
therefrom by an inspector of election, Is
guilty of a misdemeanor."
Should Mr. Croker's advice be followed
persons who entered polling places would
be liable to punishment t/or misdemeanor.
By Republican leaders Mr. Croker's rec
ommendation was hailed to-nigrht as the
most startling advice that had been given
since David B.. Hill, two years ago, re
ferring to McCullagh's deputies, jaid: "If
any man attempts to stop you from vot
ing take a club and knock him down.".
Mr. Croker's advice was given la the
course of a discussion of the political out
look." In whierr he said Bryan Was sure of
election if the Republicans did not Eteal it
from him. . - \- ¦
"Bryan will not only carry New York
State." said >i r . croker. "but he will carry
it by a big majority, and he will run the
same way all over the country. He will
be elected as certain as his name is Bryan.
I never felt so confident of a thing- in my
life."
Special Dispatch to The CalL
URGES VIOLENCE
AT THE ELECTION
things be said:
VLet us be honest with each other and
with ourselves. If there are any among
us who, though not actually and actively
enlisted in the cause of free silver and
its accompanying vagaries,. can look with
complacency • upon their growth and tri
umph, or if there are kny who, not fear
ing individual loss are heedless of the
honor ajid glory of their country, or if
there are those whose childlike and sim
ple faith In their country's, resouives
blinds them to all public danger, inaction
and neglect on their part may beaccount
ed for. if not excused. But nothing can
explain or excuse inaction on the part
of those who can make no compromise
with the advocates of unsound money or
who love their, country's honor more than
self advantage or. who are convinced that
an unstable and unsafe currency inevita
bly bodes the greatest depth of loss and
misfortune to all the people of the land.
These should not delude themselves. The
peril they dread is directly impending." .
Mr. Cleveland also paid: "Above all
things, true Democracy Insists that the
money of the people should be sound and
Ftable, neither shriveling in purchasing
power in the hands of poor nor by its un
certain value driving onterprise and pro
ductive energy into hiding." .>*">
Authorizes the Publication of the
Statement That He Does Not if
Support Free Silver. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Oct. ».— The Times-Her
ald will say. to-morrow morning
that former President Grover
Cleveland has at .last declared
• that he Is opposed to Bryan and
BrrenismV and that he authorized the
publication of his views..
The Times-Herald ' says the former
Trident gave authorization to Walter
Wdlman, who ma dispatch to his paper
froia Princeton, X. J.. says: "Don M.
Pickirifccn of Detroit, former Postmaster
General in President' Cleveland's Cabinet,
arrived here this morning and this even
ire showed me the .foll-TWing letter which
he hart Just received, from former Presi
dent Cleveland:
" 'PRINCHTON. N\ J.. Oct. 29.
" 'Hon. Don. V Dickinson — My dear sir:
The sjjfrrch I rri^dc at the Reform Club
dinner In Apr!!. 1S97, is a part of my rec
ord In advocacy of true Democracy. I
cannot cuj>?ress It or abate from it, and
1 would not if I could- 1 shall not object
to :my use you sec fit to make of it. Yours
sincerely." GUOVER CLEVELAND. 1 "
Grov«*r ClevolanQ. ;is principal speaker
at the annual dinner :f the Reform Club,
given at Waidorf-Actoria on April 24.
1SS7. warned The Democratic party acainst
the free silver policy and declared the
country was in danger. Among other
GROVER CLEVELAND
OPPOSED TO BRYAN
TERRIFIC AND FATAL EXPLOSIONS
SHAKE NEW YORK LIKE AN EARTHQUAKE
Seven-Story Drug Establishtnent Hurled Into the Air, Leaving Many Dead in the Ruins,
- and Two (Blocks of Buildings Set on Fire.
¦M| w 1SW YORK, Oct. 29.— The long USt
l^kl of fire horrors that have occurred
i In and. around the city of New
- York was added to to-day by a
, fire t and explosion which shook
the lower end of Manhattan Island like an
earthquake, hurled a seven-story building
into the air and set fire* to two blocks of
buildings, with a loss of life that only the
efforts of hundreds of men who were
rushed to the work of digging away the
ruins as. soon as the fire was extinguished
will reveal. • '
It is believed, there. are thirty bodies *n
the ruins. The property loss is fully $1.
500.000. ':.*>'; 5'<
The big building of Tarrant & Co., mak
ers of medical specialties, standing at the
northwest corner of Greenwich and War-
Ten streets, and filled with chemicals,
took fire in some way that may never be
known at about 12:15 o'clock this after
noon. It was sixteen minutes after noon
that a citizen rushed Into the house of
fire engine No.- 29, on Chambers street,
near Greenwich, and shouted that Tar
rant's drug house was on fire". Ho had seen
a volume pt black smoke coming from the
third-story windows. An alarm was turned
in. Soon afterward second and third
alarms were turned in. One fire company
had just arrived when a terrific explosion
occurred and threw the entire engine crew
down the stairway. The firemen, realiz
ing the danger of their position, rushed
from the building. to the street. The ex
plosion had filled the street in front with
a shower of falling glass and small debris,
which rent the crowd which had gathered
on the opposite sidewalks. '
.Firemen Are Injured.
Engineer Rocksbury and Fireman Brown
were injured by falling glass, as was an
other fireman belonging to the company.
Captain Devanney of the company or-
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY j-; OCTOBER v 30,\ 1 900.
PRICE FrTE CENTS.
VOEUME LXXXVIII-NO. 152.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.CORNELIUS L. ALVORD JR., THE ABSCONDING NOTE TELLER OF
THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEW YORK, WHO STOLE SEVEN
HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
- On being searched ¦ at police headquar
ters only a few dollars were f( und in his
pockets. These he was allowed to keep.
During his stay at police headquarters
Alvord told. Chief Watts that he had not
seen his wife for two weeks, although
prior to that he had told her of his finan
cial circumstances and asked her if he
should kill- himself or face It out. She
had told him -to face It out. He stated
that he had not been near Mount Vernon.
but that he left New York last Tuesday
at midnight and arrived in Boston
Wednesday morning. He admitted hav
ing registered as • Bryan Sterling at tho
Touralne Hotel and said he had eaten
several meals there: that he had taken
the lodgings where he was found on tho
following day and that he had not been
out ofthe place since. .When asked what
he- had done with the money he said:
"Well. $700,000 is a whole lot of moneys
but It goes easy."
In referring to horse races, he said he
had backed horses, but never on race
tracks, and had owned fast horses him
self. He said -he had lived his life and
had taken life to its full' at the rate
of $50,000 a year or more. He said he
would not make any nght, would throw
up his hariHs. take his sentence and after
that was over, .would come out in the
world again. He said he knew he would
be unable to secure bail, and that he had
nothing with which to make restitution.
of Detective Tinker a search of all the
hotels in the city was made without suc
cess. From Information brought to Chief
Watts to-day he and Detective Armstrong
went to a boarding house In the Back Bav
District. They went up to a -back room
on the first floor and 'found the door
locked. On gaining admittance as gas In
spectors, Armstrong identified Alvord.
who seemed greatly relieved that Arm
strong had arrested him and said so.
BOSTON, Oct. 29.— Cornelius L.
Alvord Jr., the absconding note
: teller of the First National Bank
' in New York City, who is
charged with stealing $700,000
from the bank, was arrested here this
afternoon by Chief Inspector William B.
Watts of this city and Detective Arm
strong of New York in an ordinary lodg
ing house at the corner of "West Newton
street and Burlington avenue.
S When arrested Alvord. who knew Der
tectlve Armstrong, stated that he • was
glad the suspense was ended 'and .was
willing to go back .to .New York without
papers. A hack was called and he was
driven to police headquarters and after
being measured and . photographed under
the Bertlllon system, . he was taken to
New York on the 5 o'clock train.
Chief Inspector Watts, in an interview,
stated that the department was first in
formed that Alvord was in this city last
Wednesday^ morning, when Henry Alex
ander of Denver, -.Colo., telephoned that
he had seen Alvord In the Hotel Touralne.
He stated that he knew him will, had
done business with him. In New York and
described him perfectly. This information
was- wired to Captain McCluskeyof New
Yorkj*, who immediately sent Detective
Sergeant Tinker here to identify him.
In the meantime Chief Watts and De
tectives Douglass .and Morrissey went to
the hotel,' but could not fin(J the man.
Inquiry of the hotel people brought but
the fact- that a man answering, the de
scription had registered as Bryan Ster
ling and had been assigned a room, but
that he had not used it. On the arrival
(Continued from First Page.)
TERRIFIC AND
FATAL EXPLOSION
The speech' covered all the Issues of tho
campaign Tand was applauded .as each
point was made/ ¦
Discussing the trusts Mr. Bryan referred
to the letter of acceptance of Mr. Roose
velt as the Vice Presidential nominee. On
mention of -the" Governor, there' were loud
hisses from all parts; of the house, which
did not cease until Mr. Bryan made a spe
cial request to that '¦: effect. He held his
hand aloft In •; deprecation ' of the" demon
stration and .'asked the people to desist
out' of ; respect', for^the ; office.
"This Is the twenty-first speech' for to
dav and yet your presence and your en
thusiasm makes me forget; that I am
tired. I am trying to do my part In this
campaign, and I. know from the way you
act that you are prepared to do your part.
I am glad, to speak here under the
auspices of a club that did* not '-entirely
agree. with me in the last . campaign, but
I am not asking what men did in 18DG
or what they "are going, to do in 1904. I
am Interested in what they are doing now.
I-found no fault with those who left me
In 1896 and. I am not complaining about
those who came back. I have always be
lieved that : a . man's , vote was his < own ;
that he ought to use It according to his
Judgment and' conscience and that he
ought to be above his party all the time,
and I never find fault with any nan who
conscientiously differs from me on a pub
lio Question.; I believe the great majority
of the people are honest and honestly de
sire good government and that the differ
ences between _ heV people ' are not differ
ences of purpose but differences of under
standing. '
if he had not had it before. On this point
ho said:' . .
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 20.— Ruby Brown,
the alleged leader of the Mexican • shoplifter
'gang captured >here last week, was released to
day. . She accompanied her ' mother home. -
. WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— Secretary Wil
son probably, will ask Congress for > au
thority to build a cable from the main
land to Tatoosh Island? at the entrance of
Puget Sound, Washington/fed then es
taibllsh a permanent weather bureau and
ship reporting station.* Since the discon
tinuance of a station at that point the
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce and
other Pacific Coast organizations have pe
titioned-for the re-establishment and en
largement of . the protection of shipping
especially vessels In distress. • A weather
inspector has reported favorably on the
project and the bureau has. recommend
ed it. • .
WILL ASK FOB CABLE
, TO TATOOSH ISLANDS
ployed by Tarrant & Co. ; Isaac Co\en.
New York, truck driver; Henrietta Clark.
Hoboken, employed by Tarrant & Co.; —
Dwordkwitz, N'ew York, employed at 2SS
Greenwich street: George Donnelly, New
York, truckman; Ernest Flatman. New
Tork. employed by Acker. Merrill & Con
dit; Mollie Golden, employed by Tarrant;
Miss Griffin, employed at 2SS Greenwich
street;. Harriet Thomas. Brooklyn, em
ployed by Tarrant: William Halzey,
Brooklyn, employed at 162 Warren street:
Louisa JosekeU. New York: Benjamin
Moorehouse. Mount Clair, N. J., employed
by Tarrant; Julia Murphy, New York-
Henry Muh, Brooklyn: Jules Oppenheim,
address not known; Mary Ruach. Wee
•haken,' N. J.. employed by Tarrants-
Frank Scoetter. Roselle. N. J, em
ployed by Electric Supply Company:
Kate Smith: Jersey •City, employed
at 152 Chambers street; George Schuyk
Brooklyn, employed by Tarrants: Morris
Splelkoff, New York; Mary Smith." New
York, employed by Tarrants; James "W'lU
klnson, New York, street-cleaning de
partment: Patrick Hennessey, Hoboken •
Morris Kwaver. New York; V. H Mat
theuk.-New York, employed by a" piano
firm on Broadway ; Frederick Peters,
Hoboken, plumber; George "W. Sulker
Brooklyn, employed at • 163 Chambers
At 3 o'clock the fire was completely un
der control, the flames still burning fierce
ly in the interior of the burned area, but
danger of spreading being over. At 4
o'clock the flames had .been extinguished
In _the buildings south of Warren street
and crowds of men from the building de
partment were put to work tearingdown
WollS*
About six months before a man buys his
first ' glasses Ihe i begins ; to • find < fault; with
the quality ; of ; the : lights at : his • house.—
Atcbison'Globc'S5§y§§^|gifeg!i^te«MBa
Those who are fondf of traveling (and who U
net), will hall with d«U*hi the news of a direct
steamship route to TahltL This charming; land
: has I until : now ' been w accessible V only : • by J slow
sal Ungr ffcssels, but on I November . 1st , the popu
lar ' steamship j Australia will ¦ sail direct, > mak
ing, the trip In 10% days. A reduced round-trip
rate . has '¦ been made for. . the • first trip. Call at
friS Market street ; for. sal ling list' v \ : . • . ;
Papeete: thej Beautiful.
'- CHATTANOOGA; Tenn., Oct 29.— The
body: of Clifford Cawthorn. . tha. 16-year
old son of a widow,' was found at his home
last- night v lying ' on > a • bed. in a pool of
blood, his head- hacked* to pieces with a
hatchet.r which ; was t lying < near by. ¦ Tha
building was on fire and the firemen dis
covered the body. '¦:- ''.¦¦. •*¦.-.¦; •'¦'Vv: "?'.'. '- r ;l -'-".
TORCH APPLIED TO
CONCEAL A CRIME
Take' Laxative Bromo* Quinine! Tablets. '- All
druggists refund the money If ' it falls . to f cur*.
E. W. * Grove's signature is on each box. 25c. ¦
To X^re a Cold in One. Day. -
ATLANTA, Ga. Oct. 29.-T. ;C. Cren-
Bhaw, chairman of the Georgia, Railroad
Commission, has received a letter from
Lieutenant Colonel; X. C.vGlrard_ of Uhe
United States army, hospital at j the Pre
e-idlo California. 5 denying that he repeated
the •: words attributed" to «• h,lm\concernlng
the death' of Captain Frank F.' Crenshaw,
who* Colonel Glrard",was;quoted as say
ing was addicted to" the use of drugs. V ;
This statement .was attributed-to Col- ;
onel* Glrard In his denial of ? the ¦ charges
that Captain Crenshaw' had . been .mal
treated : at the? hospital ; at the i Presidio,
where. he applied; for; treatment on his re
turn from the Philippines. ¦ :"
¦pTOL : > DENIAL MADE
... BY ' COLONEL GERARD
:'¦ ; Among ; the = Hissing. •*
The following are missing: - - t ,
¦ F R. Armstrong,* Rutherford, N. J., em
ployed at 270 Greenwich street; Mllo Beld
tag,-New York; Mary Bradley, NewTork;
employed ¦ at 49 : ; Murray .street; a Mrs.
Bishop and. two daughters,- wife and-chil
dren 'of proprietor f ,of Horn e » Made ? Ho tel :
Joseph '¦ Basso, borough of the ; Bronx ; Ira
Cr? Barnes;' "New.- York;* Francis :.' Barnes.
Summit,. N. J.,' eggstore, ; 102 .-Warren
street; John Crelrher, Brooklyn, employed
at 101 'Warren ¦ street ; - Michael ' Coughlan.*
New \ Ytlrk,"-" street-cleaning J- department
employe; • Kate ; Callahan, New.- York," em-
an old man 80 years of age, named Calla
han. may have lost his life.
¦ The top floor was a chemical laboratory
used* by Loan's Patterson, the chemist of
the concern, and two men and two girls
helped him there. Most of these got out,
although at a late hour Patterson himself
had not beenheard from. • ,
How many of the gtrla and other em
ployes escaped could not be. guessed even
to-night, although a large number of
'missing persons indicated that there were
8 The only person known to have been
IMlled up to 8 o'clock to-night was a man
who died In one of. the hospitals from the
result* of an Injury, received in the street.
Chief Croker says no firemen are miss
inff.v-: - •¦¦ • ¦."- ¦ '¦ ;•" : '•
, An Explosion Not .Unexpected. .
An explosion* from this drug, house was
not unexpected.- as It was believed in the
neighborhood t that there were explosive
chemicals in the place. «J. S. Coward, a
shoe manufacturer of 2C8 Greenwich
•Street place was wrecked by the
©XBlosion^sald that It waa the general
toft T I™ the neighborhood abour the
chemicals in the Tarrant concern. R.«M.
Dickson, a member of the firm of R. w.
D ck'on & Son of Washington street, de
clared to-nlght .- that for several weeks
neighbors had noticed barrels and carboys
Koing into the building. Everybody was
Ipprlhenslve of fire in that particular
¦ PhUipps. the engineer at Tarrant' s, said
that Patterson, the chemist, had told'him
some time ago that, there were dangerous
cKlcaTs in the place and that if It ever
Bofaflre . the best .thing the people em
pfoyedthere could 'do would be to get as
far away and as quickly as they could. .
George Murphy, Inspector of combustl
bl?s fOT the ftre Department.^ said^ after
the fire that 'the Tarrants had a permit
for the storing of one barrel of -turpentine.,
one barrel' Of benzine and . 100 pounds of
collodion. with alcohol. He could _not say
that ' this amount had been exceeded. .
" List of the Injured:
The most seriously injured axe: ¦_.
Joseph Bruner, -Hoboken.- . face, .hands
and ? head burned; will die. Carl Burden
waUV Brooklyn, both legs broken; Daniel
Carmody. legs crushed : Joseph /• Daken,
burned and' cut*, condition critical: - . Hen
rietta German. Brooklyn." cut about head,
and - face. * internally - injured ; < may die.'
John Myers. New York, both legs broken.
W S. Temple, New York, -leg broken.
At the meeting in the academy, Mrs.
Bryan occupied j a : seat in a. private Vbox.
The me'eting was held under the auspices
of the Brooklyn Democratic Club, which
as an organization ' supported the Palmer
and Buckner ticket In; 18%. In beginning
his speech Mr. ~\ Bryan made c brief refer
ence to the club's history, saying he was
pleased to have their support at this time.
Park, under the auspices of the Hebrews
of the Kast Side, was a great success.
The attendance was | enormous, and the
! people were so enthusiastic in their re
ception that it was difficult to secure
quiet sufficient to allow Mr. Bryan to pro
ceed. Mr. Bryan addressed himself es
pecially to the Hebrews, saying that he
was glad to have the chance to address
that race which had produced Solomon,
the wisest, and Moses, the greatest law
giver. He discussed briefly the issues of
the campaign, ". saying the Republicans
were amending all of the ten command
ments. As for himself, he wanted to see
the land filled with happy homes and not
with Rachels weeping for their children.
He- was, he said, glad to see so many
loyal to Democratic principles,: for, he
«aid, Democracy teaches us the equality
of all men and Inculcates civil and relig
ious liberty. This "country had drawn to
itself the best blood of the. old-world and
Mr. Bryan said he did hot want^-ihooe
who had come to feel that they had made
a mistake. . v * • .
From the 'park meeting there wai* an
other rush to the Academy of < Music in
Brooklyn. Mr. Bryan was whirled away
from the park and for many squares
through the Jewish quarter his way was
(lined with people and by fire
works and .loud acclaim. • . • »
to defend your own lights is to- recognize
the rights, of others."
The demonstration in Brooklyn* was.
one of the largest political outpourings in*
the history of the borough. Over 100
bands furnished music and It Is estimated
that over 100,000 people in Brooklyn heard
j and saw the Democratic candidate speak
to-nlght. There were eight different pa
rades in the borough and it is estimated
that altogether 4Q.000 people were in line.
Fireworks ; flamed until midnight from a
dozen different stands and Greek fire was
everywhere. A small army of policemen
kept . the crowds In order . and twenty
mounted officers met Mr. • Bryan's party
at the bridge entrance and acted as es
cort for the remainder of £he evening. As
the Bryan party approached the Academy
of Music bombs and skyrockets were set
off in front of the borough hall, and. filled
the sky with clouds of colored stars.
Music broke forth from a. dozen bands,
and the throngs of people- in the streets
cheered and shouted themselves hoarse. I
The Academy was crowded with an en
thusiastic audience and thousands of peo
ple who wished to hear 'the Democratic
candidate could not be admitted. iWhen
Mr. Bryan appeared on the , pjatf orm the
crowd went wild with applause, and it
was fully, ten minutes before sufficient
quiet prevailed to allow the speaker to
proceed. Mr. Bryan spoke for thirty min
utes, being frequently interrupted by'ap
plause.
Senator Wellington of Maryland, fol
lowed Mr. . Bryan, who, as . soon ; as his
speech was ended, started for the Park
Theater, where he addressed another
large gathering. After leaving the Park
Theater Mr. Bryan made a, dash for the
Eastern district of-Brookjyn, arriving at
the Palace Park Rink about 9:15 o'clock.
-Before * he arrived there was ; a parade of
6000 Democrats with twenty bands. At a
quarter to 10 Mr. Bryan arrived at Lie
derkranz Hall, where there .was another
parade and more' bands.: At Military Hall,'
the next stopping place,, there was a pa
rade and twenty-seven bands to greet Mr.
Bryan. It was nearly 11 o'clock when the
candidate ', reached ¦ Hall. . This ; was
a labor meeting, and Edwin Markham; the
poet, and Controller^ Coler , had addressed
the gathering before ' Mrl . Bryan arrived.'
From Arion' Hall^ Mr. \ Bryan was driven
to" Sell waben- Hall." - - .- — .
Mr. Bryan's meeting In Hamilton Fish
" 'You cannot have empire without Its
attributes, and that means a practical
revolution- of our forms of government
and an abandonment of the beliefs which
the fathers held when they established
this Government In 1776.'
"That Is the opinion of your own Sena
tor Depew only two years ago.- Your
President stated only three years ago that
forcible annexation was criminal aggres
tion and contrary to our code of morality,
and we say; now what they • said • then,
that • It ¦ means a revolution in' govern
ment;'It means the abandonment of bur
Ideals; It means that adoption of colonial
policies against which . bur ; forefathers
protested 123 years ago, and before you
Republicans vote for that I want you to
remember that when yousIgnUhe death
ik-arrant of self-government In the Philip
pine Islands you sign the death • warrant
>f . your, own "self rgo vernroent" in this .coun
iryTwheh you deny." liberty to others you
lUlk* a blow at your own. The; best way
¦sflsttHsssssssssflsssssssl^BB
•That was two years ago. Now the Re
publicans are advocating an imperial pol
icy. Let me show you what Mr. Depew
said on that Imperial idea: •
"I want to show you what Mr. Depew
(aid only two years ago. An army of 100,
000 was then toeing talked of, and he said
It would take more than that, if y;e car
ried out the colonial policy. He said: ,'It
would mean the Increase of our army to
150.000. more likely to 200,000, men; it would
mean the increase of our annual expendi
tures to double what they are now." • -
In his Coblesklll speech Mr. Bryan
quoted Senator Depew on the army ques
tion, saying:
Mrs. Bryan accompanied her husband
during the day, and she received almost
bs much. applause as he did when she ap
peared, before the crowds assembled to
hoar him. She was also presented during
the day with many handsome bouquets of
roses and chrysanthemums. Elliott Dan
forth and Mr?. Danforth were also aboard
the train during the day. As a rule greater
enthusiasm was manifested at the emall
er places than on Mr. Bryan's first tour
of the State, and the crowds were gen
erally large In proportion to the popula
tion. Of the^day meetings that at Kings
ton was the longest, as It was one of the
most enthusiastic. Haverstraw ' and West
Nyack also received Mr. Bryan most cor?
fllally.
The day's tour was first along the head
waters of the Susquehanna River, and
then back through the Catskllls and do"wn
the Hudson on the west side of that river
to'- Weehawken; thence across the river
and across Manhattan Island into Brook
lyn. All the speeches except one ' were
made In the State of New York, the ex
ception being that at Little Ferry, which
Is In the State of >few Jersey.'
Beginning at Bainbrjdge, in the Interior
of the State, at 9 o'clock in the morning,
he spoke In succession at Svdney, Una
dilla, Oneonta, Otega, Schenevus, Coble
ekill, Voorheesville, Delanson, Ravena,
Coxsackie. Catskill. Saugerties. Kingston,
Highlands. MarlborcTugh. Cornwall. High
land Falls, Haverstraw, West Nyack and
Little Ferry. In New York City he made
one speech at Hamilton Fish Park, .on th%
East Side, and in Brooklyn during the
night he made eight speeches, making :
thirty in all for the day and night. '
NEW YORK, Oct 29.-"Anfl I am feel
ing tolerably well. I thank you." This
was Mr. Bryan's response when told to
night that he had made thirty speeches
during the day, and thus broke his own
record for speechmaking. As a rule the
speeches were not so long as on most .oc
cadora, but they exceeded In number by
nine or ten those of any previous day
during the present campaign and by
three the highest number made In the
campaign in any one day In p 1836.
BRYAN BREAKS HIS
RECORD FOR TALKING
rica. This was not the nrst experience of
the young Prince in active service — expe
rience that is rare for royalty. When the
British were subduing the erratic King of
Ashanti this royal sprig was with them
in the. field, and was a credit to himself
all through, the .^campaign. He was a
product of Welllnprffcn School and Magda
len College. Oxford, and in his university
days was the most easily approached
tuft in th<» school. His humor was Irre
pressible, but his hardy work as an ath
lete, together with his Teuton blood, in
clined to a life of just such activity as he
found at the scene of war. The Prince's
mother is the second daughter and the
fourth child of. Queen .Victoria, hence
Christian was her Majesty's grandson. He
was 22 years old on April 14 last.
« ONDON. Oct. 25.-A dispatch re
5 celved -here from Pretoria an
il nounces the death from enteric
JImm fever of Prince Christian' Victor
of Schlts-wip-IIolstein. eldest eon
of the Princess Helene of England and a
grandson of Quwn Victoria. He was born
in 1867 and was a major in the King's
Rnyal Riflrs.
The announcement of Prince Christian
Victor's death was withheld from the pub
lic by special <J«*slre of the Queen and the
Prince of Wales to avoid casting a gloom
on the*CIty Imperial Volunteer festivities.
Prince Christian Victor accompanied Sir
Redvers Buller's expedition t© South Af-
PRINCE CHRISTIAN
VICTOR PASSES AWAY
Enteric Fever Causes the Death of the
Major of Kings Royal/Rifles
at Pretoria.
•LONDON.. Ocf.29.-The City Imperial
Volunteers, who arrived at Southampton
rrom South Africa. -Saturday on the Brit
ish^ transport Aurania, reached here by
-train .this -morning, marched through Lon
don streets packed ' by thousands
and received a' tumultuous greeting. Such
a demonstration . was probably never | be
fore 'evoked fcr such a small body of vol
unteers. -The postponement o'f . London's
welcome 'diminished, the -'number of spec
tators, but the enthusiasm, could scarcely
liave been more general or genuine.- Eariy
in tho day Queen Victoria sent a message
to the returning troops welcoming them
and -.inquiring as tQ. their . health. The
Prince of Wules came to town and viewed
the proces-sion from Marlborough House,
ine other royal personages, watching the
little band of men in khaKi uniforms were
Princess Louise, the Duchess of Argyll
and '.Prince Kd-waYu of jSaxe- Weimar, wno,
with many other distinguished people,
had taken. up positions of [Vantage early
fn tho morning. Tne clubs in Jt'iccadilly
presented an unusual spectacle. Hun
dreds of women were at the windows,
tnese aacred precincts having thrown
open .their uooid in Honor of the great oc
casion. All along the line of match there
were festoons 01 flags and, other such de
vices, presenting a. brilliant spectacle,
though as a matter of fact the decora
tions had been up since Saturday and had
been drenched with Sunday's rains, whlcn
had .not 'improved the- colors.
Field Marshal Lord .Wolseley, com
mander-in-chief of the forces, issued a
special army , order this afternoon, ex
pressing'the high appreciation which- the
patriotic services ,of the City Imperial
Volunteers and the gallantry and soldier
ly qualities of all ranks had afforded him
and offering the volunteers in behalf of
the British Army a cordial welcome home.
In addition to the City Imperial Volun
teers themselves .there were in the pro
cession the bands of twelve volunteer reg
iments and 24,000 regulars and volunteers
lined the route. Among, the most interest
ing features of the display were the pres
ence in the procession of the invalided City
Imperial Volunteers in carriages Hying the
lied Cross flag and the. assemblage at a
conspicuous point in Fleet" street of ihe
survivors of the Balaklava charge. The
locomotives which drew the City imperial
Volunteers' train from Southampton were
respectively named "VictoriM," ••Rob
erts," "Powerful'* and "The Maine." To
the last the invalids were intrusted.
The great throngs proved unmanage
able and -the police and soldiers, were
quite unable to stem the ugly rushes. The
crush of the populace became to terrible
at the Marble arch that the people broke
through the cordon and when the field
was again cleared forty persons requiring
the aid of the -ambulance surgeons were
left lying on the ground, several puffer-
Ing from serious injuries.
In narrqw Fleet street the 'crowds broke
downfall the barriers, and sightseers, sol
diers,' police and City Imperial Volunteers
wenS*mlxed up in a confused mass, from
which the volunteers had to be finally ex
tricated. In single file. . • • = • •
Along the whole length of Fleet street
the scenes could be only likened to a con
tinuous football scrimmage, but* it was
even more exciting. . Shrieks and g-roana
filled the air, people were hurled to the
ground and trampled upon. Life guards
on horse back were swept off and Jost
in the strugglingytnass of humanity after
impotent struggles to stem the .pressure
of the semi-Danic-!=tricken mob. Some
of the in5urles sustained are so very seri
ous it' Is feared they will" prove fatal.
A fractious cavalry horse Stampeded
the crowd at Ludgate Circus and fifty
persons who were .wounded had to be
attended- bythe ambulance corps.
The list of casualties among the wel
coming multitude was longer than that
of the whole corps in its twenty-six en
gagements in South Africa. Partial re
turns from the hospitals, and, nollce sta
tions indicate that more than 200 were
badly hurt, three or four being killed. •
There were 4000 police and 22,000 troops
on duty along the line of march, but they
were unable to manage the ¦ crowds.
"Women and girls fainted and. were tram
pled ufider foot. - Stands overloaded with
Bightseers fell in. Twelve persons but of
thirty who were riding on top of a mail
wagon whose wheels gave way sustained
broken bones. A man who was leaning
over the parapet of the roof of a four
story building lost his balance and fell
upon a group of women, killing one and
hurting two others, but walked away ap
parently uninjured. Many of the soldiers
on the line of march were hurt in com-
Men and Women Trampled and Killed
While* Witnessing Parade ; of City
Imperial Volunteers,
FATAL STAMPEDE IN
STREETS OF LONDON
; . ¦¦¦'¦ • • - . . \
bats with' the crowd. "Altogether London
had a wild day, with much fun and, un
fortunately, a deal of grief In many
households because of accluents.
Indeed the only surprising feature Is
that the 'casualties were aot- twice as
numerous, for when night fell the streets
of London would have done credit to tho
commune. .It was a scene of unchecked
saturnalia that met the 'eye. Fighting
'and -swearing throngs fought valniy
nmong themselves for the right of way.
More than a thousand people were
treated by the Ambulance Corps, although
in most cases the Injuries ¦ were not serl-,
ous.' There were, however, many cases
where the 'injuries were serious and it Is
not unlikely , that there will be other
deaths. Two men fell from a scaffold In
a .building In Finsbury Circus and both
were killed. ¦ ¦.•.*.'
Half an "iiour was needed to make ,a
hundred-yards' progress along the Strand,
and the feat could only be accomplished
at -the risk of life and limb. A few iso
lated policemen In evidence were borijo
helpless upon the tide of patriotic enthusi
asm whose Invariable characteristic was
drunkenness, partial or complete.
The. night was a repetition- of "Mafekins
Klght"- without the redeeming excuses of
that celebrated .orgy. London th^ turned
.over to the worst elements of r* popula
tion. VVomen were insulted, kissed pr
thrbwn down with impunity in' street
fights. Pursued at the sweet will of In
ebriate brawlers from the sidewalks*, they
streamed . along .historic .thoroughfares
shouting, sobbing and brandishing pea
cock feathers with insane depravity.
¦ Many- -of them offered no exception to
the rule of drunkenness. .
Countless different uniforms of soldiers
of the empire, regulars; volunteers and
colonials, added vivid color .to an extraor
dinary spectacle, the like of which was
never witnessed In any American city.
I In Justice to the heroes of the demon
stration it should be said that few of
them participated in the night's celebra
tion. Indeed, they seemed to be almost
forgotten in the general desire to tak»; ad
vantage of unbridled debauch and the de
fiance of all law, order and decency.
;"\Vithfthe exception that the volunteers
were rather browned, there was little in
their. appearance. to show that they were
returning from a hard . campaign. Their
new khaki hats, served out- at Southamp
ton, gave the men a disappointingly spick
and span look, though the lackof align
ment, irregularity of marching and the
frequent substitution of canes : for lost
rifles sufficed to distinguish them from the
volunteers fresh from the training camps.
A captured Boer flag, carried In the
center of the column, elicited great en
thusiasm, thunderous applause going up
as this , trophy . of victory was borne
triumphant through the crowds. A driz
zling rain, which fell as the procession
started, by no means detracted from the
warmth of the welcome extended to the
troops. - ¦ . -
The march was broken by stopping at
the site of the Temple Bar, where he
Lord Mayor, Sir Alfred Newton, wel
comed the return of the' regiment he
originated: at Ut. Paul's Cathedral, where
there was a short thanksgiving- service
and at the Guild Hall for the civic recep
tion. -
After an eight hours' march the. volun
teers sat down to a course dinner at the
headquarters of the Ancient and , Honor
able Artillery of London, where .Lord
Wolseley and many other notable persons
received and addressed them. After tho
usual, loyal toasts. Lord Wplseley, ;.re
sponding for "The Imperial Forces," read
the following telegram he had received
from .Queen Victoria:
"Please assure the. City of London Im
perial Volunteers that I heartily share In
those feelings of joy and thankfulness
which have been evidenced In the en
thusiastic welcome accorded them to-day. :
Tell them with what pride and Joy I have
received the reports of. their soldier-like
conduct during the dangers and. hardships
of a trying campaign. •
VWhile Joining in- the. happiness of the
many relatives and friends who celebrate i
the . home-corning of their dear^ ones, I
deeply sympathize with those who look
in - vain- for them who, alas! no longer
stand ' in the ranks of their comrades. I
also, myself, .have to grieve over the loss
of a dear and most gallant grandson, who,
like so. many of -your companions, has
served and - died for his Queen and his
country."-
The members of the corps then sepa
rated. They had' to muffle themselves in
their overcoats and to use other disguises
in order to avoid recognition ; by the
crowds. As it was, several were nearly
pulled to pieces by the rough , embracing^
and handshakings of drunken .' men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;XJALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1900.
The Teller Who Stole $700,000 Declare
He Is Glad the Suspense
ABSCONDED ALVORD
ARRESTED IN BOSTON
PRINCE CHRISTIAN VICTOR OF SCHLESWIG-HOLSTEIN. GRANDSON
OF QUEEN VICTORIA. WHOSE DEATH FROM ENTERIC FE'VER AT
PRETORIA IS ANNOUNCED IN LONDON.
2
BRYAN SEEKS LAND
IN PHILIPPINES
ST. PAUL.. Minn.. Oct. 29.—Wil
liam J. Bryan and Charles A.
Towne, Presidential nominee of the
Populists, are not. It appears, so
blinded by the heat and turmoil of
the. campaign as to lose sight of
their .material Interests in the. fu
ture. They have their eyes upon
the .vast' undeveloped resources of
the Philippines and purpose getting
in on the ground floor, as It were.
It was learned- in this city to-day
froA an authority whcme reliability
cannot be questioned -that Messrs.
Bryan and Towne have engaged
one Edward. Lewis of Duluth to re
pair to the Philippines immediately
after the election, no matter how
the election results, and locate and
secure legal title to mineral lands
there in their interests.
Mr. Lewis is a prominent mining
¦; 'expert and /prospector of Iguluth,
well' known, who admits his en
• gagement. Mr. Lewis is to locate
and prospect desirable mineral
properties, . the location of which
Messrs. BryVin and. Towne are said
to have been advised by their Kill
pino correspondent*.
V.f ' London witnessed an .extraordinary spectacle at the reception
to the City Imperial Volunteers yesterday. Four thousand police
22,000 troops -were unable to preserve order. Several persons
were killed and hundreds injured— a longer casualty list than that
of the regiment in it's twenty-six engagements in South Africa.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
Season!
I rf& OPERA WRAPS fn |
I ,"$/ / Hi W &ant sIlV Hn- 1
I 'W / I ! ¦» |R S-S65 1
1 / / H \ | ELEcANrEYEH " 1
H ~ *"** dressy styles. •
| all shades — Special . $12-50
1 The NEAR SEAL FUR JACKET, for
y which we are agent3, are as ele-
H gant as any sealskin and wear
I better— Prices.. $30 tO $50
I FUR COLLARETTES, In many fash-
g loraMa fur combinations, satin
I lined — Special $ 4. 50
j The NEW KERSEY JACKET, with half-
1 fitting- back, In proper lengths, all
I silk lined, a $15 Jacket— Spe-
J dally priced SI2.5O 1
3 Heavy Quality Man-Tailored Pebble |
M Cheviot CLOTH DRESSES, bloim or I
j straight fronts, silk trimmed; a
fl Dtack3, b!ues and browns; a $30 n
1 dress— Special $22.50 1
¦ Children's Loose-Back JACKETS, In 1
I fine quaMty keneyt ages 6 to 14 I
years— Prices.. $6 tO $8 |
Fine French Flannel WAISTS, Jn 1
blacks and the new shades, tucked
style, a $6 waist — Special
$4.50
.KELLYliEBES'
1 Cloak and Suit House,
I 120 KBARNY STREET.
RUPTURE CURED.
When we «ay "rapture cared" we mean It.
fcr It Is a fact that daring- th« past 20 >ears
I>R. PIBRCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing else
l ! ke it. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate for yourself. C^CalJ for "Book-
let No. X" or send 3 cent* la stamp*. Ad-
"magnetic elastic truss go.,
¦ (120 Markrt Street, San Francisco*
Or 114.% Broadway. New Tors: City. ¦
DR. MEYERS ggB\
Specialists ra ;S^w
Disease and Weak* , Vj 'if. \ /»X1
ness of men. Es- iiitJ ->>Swi
tabllshed 1SS1. Coa- njyfk^FSZ*
sultation free. fO%<;l»3'<; t \"'3
7H1 Market st. X v **Muk&i%F
(elevator entrance). >«V/frv«lB&,
San Francisco. -*^*¥*zf*~'^Sf3ea),
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best eTtdenes of the popularity of
these hotels can b« found In the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them their head-
quarters when visiting; San Francisco.
Connected .by a covered passageway and
operated under one management, on th*
American and European, plan.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
fa a great' restorative, invioora-
tor aad Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodlslao aad tpeolal
Toclo for the Sexual Org&as for both •¦»»•?.
Ths Mexican remedy far DUtaaes Of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Bella on Its own merits.
NABER. ALF9 A BRUNE. Aseataw
S2J Market St.. 8. T.— <Send for ClrcolarO t
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATORSmg
Five hundred reward for any «iM^HH
case we cannot cure. This secret Hsl BBH
remedy stops all losses In 24 hoars. I m
cures Emissions. Impotency. Vari- H| WtS
cccele, Gonorrhcea. Gleet. Fits RJW p*ffl
Strictures, LostManhood and all UjJ liliU
casting; effecU of self-abuse or |*3_j*£l
excesses. Sent scaled. |2 bottle; 8 ¦HasWI
bottles, 15; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAl. INSTITUTE. ttS
Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10734
Market St., S. F. All private disease* quickly
cured." Send for free book. •
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Make* weak men aad women itrear aad stroaar
men and women stronger. Rooms 5 and t. 4T
Pott it.. San Franclico. CaL ¦ . •»»•.•'
" . ¦ ~ ¦_
Hitchcock 'School,
6AN RAPAEU CAL. *
:for youngmen and;boys.
Separate Rooms. Gymnasium, Military Drill.
CHRISTMAS TERM BEOIN3 AUGUST IIThI"
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
WttM ftOOiMleai
PaELICASTE ENTKEEsl
I .'and delicious sauces easily ma^s by M
i Oebig i
T COMPANY'S EXTRACT ot Beef ATHREE OF THE SAN. QUENTIN BOARDERS "WHO HAVE BEEN REWARDED FOR GOOD BEHAVIOR BY THE
SUBSTITUTION OF MORE SOMBER ATTIRE FOR THE GAUDY RED SHIRTS BY XVHICH THE MORE DES
PERATE PRISONERS ARE DISTINGUISHED.
that she was not.
C. H. Fairall asked for a recess, during
which to obtain witnesses. When court
leconvened the examination of witnesses
had apparently beer, waived. Miss Fraser
went upon the stand and Judge Budd sim
ply asked her if she felt competent to look
after her own affairs. She replied that
she was. The examination did not take
two minutes. The court then made the
order for her discharge.
The girl whose plight has set the
tongues of gossip wagging far beyond the
confines of Stockton left the courthouse
with her grandfather and mother and
was driven in a carriage to their house.
Once there she positively denied herself
to every one.
MISS 2tIARY FKASER, WHO HAS BEEN RELEASED FROM A STOCK
TON MADHOUSE DESPITE THE EFFORTS OF HER FATHER AND
BROTHER TO CONTINUE HER DETENTION.
.' LOS . ANGELES, Oct.' 29.— Won* .Woon. tha
Chinese shot by * h!«hbln<Ser» Saturday night,
died ' early - this i morning. Before his death ha
made a statement r. declaring , % that .- he -owed
Charles Fook, another Chinese, $190,' and that
he believed Fook had employed Ung Toy to do
the ihootln*. ¦; Both of the accused men are un
der • arrest; and ¦ it ',!• believed", that 'there la > a
clear caeeaeaJnrt'Un* Toy. _ .;
HOOTS. OF AN INVALID
LOOTED BY BURGLARS
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 29.— Burglars
entered tha apartments of G. H. Rice at
Islamar, a well known boarding house, at
2:30 o'clock this morning and made off
with nearly $300 worth of Jewelry, includ
ing a watch . and chain. Several of tha
pieces bear the initials "G. H. R." : En
trance was effected by cutting the screen
from a downstairs window. Mr. Rice was
awakened, but being an Invalid and en
tirely helpless could only call for aid. The
robbers escaped through the window.
They were evidently. experts and had ob
served the premises closely.
CHERRY TREE IN
FULL BLOOM ON
MONTEREY RANCH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, - Oct. 29.— L. Pia*.: +
zoni reports an Interesting natural +
phenomenon on his fruit ranch at 4
Tularcitos, a few miles from this -f
place. It Is a cherry tree In full -f
bloom, and the oddity as : well as.^>
beauty of such a sight at this time +
of the yearis attracting a great: 4
deal of attention among the people -+
in the neighborhood. None of the -f
adjacent trees chow any signs of: >
blooming at present, but I the ' one ¦?
that has blossomed seems healthy >
and vigorous. Unless heavy frost -f
mars the promise of Its many bios- ' +
s oms 1 1 • will prove ', a refutation " of ;* +
the ¦ time-honored ¦" proverb ; r that '' "+
Vcherries. are not gathered at +
Christmas." +
;:.'¦ ¦:¦"!'. ' ¦- ""• ' '-' K ' ¦ ' ¦ .A.
SINKS TO HIS DEATH
IN HXTMBOLDT BAY
Charles Grundland Loses His Life by
the Capsizing of a
Boat.
EUREKA. Oct. 23.— Charles Grundland.
Charles Johnston and John Sandell lert
Eureka at midnight Saturday night to
row to the Vance mill at Samoa, where
they were working. When half-way
across the bay the men attempted to
change places and capsized their boat.
All succeeded In grasping the overturned
craft when they came to the surface, but
their frantic efforts to save themselves
caused the boat to roll and Grundland
lost his grasp. He sank and was seen
no more. . ..
Cries for help that came from the cap
sized men were heard by Chris Schroeder,
who rescued the chilled and fatigued sur-
Grundland came here from Mendocino
last spring. Little Is known of him. His
body has not been recovered. .
OLD TELEGRAPH LINE
DISCOVERED IN ALASKA
Traces of a System That "Was to
With Siberia.
Have Connected thu Territory
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 29.— Tha
steamer Amur from Skaguay to-day
brought the men who have been working
on the Government telegraph line to Daw
son and who have suspended work until
spring. These northern linemen found
traces of the Intercontinental wire which
was projected ana actually begun to con
nect North America with Europo by ™jy
of Siberia. On the summit of a. lofty
mountain" near Telegraph . Creek they
found a slake or surveyor's" picket which
marked the old enterprise .and they also
discovered the remains of th© old wire.
which is still up in places.
Valuable Books for Stanf ord-
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 29.—
The history department to-day received a
valuable collection of thirty-four hundred
volumes. It covers the proceedings of the
English Parliament from 1S05 to 1879 and
is the third largest in the world -and the
largest in America. Harvard and Penn
sylvania both have such libraries, but
covering shorter periods. The law depart
ment is soon to receive an addition of 4000
volumes, covering the period from 1800 to
1865. This will complete the reporter sys
tem of all English cases decided during
the present century. .
Shasta County Teachers' Institute.
REDDING, Oct. 29.— The twenty-sev
enth annual • session of the Teachers' In
stitute of Shasta : County convened this
morning : in ;. the Superior Court room.
One hundred and twenty-seven teachers
are In attendance. - On behalf of the citi
zens they were welcomed by Colonel * C.
A. Garter. The response was > made by
Professor F. G. Sanderson, principal of
the Shasta County High School. ..On
Wednesday night the teachers will leave
for ~ Mary svllle to ' attend the • meeting : of
the ' Northern California . Teachers" ¦ Asso
ciation. m ! _'-'¦¦
Woodmen Organize a Camp.
MONTEREY, Oct. 29.— Cypress : Camp.
No. ¦: 8812, Modern Woodmen, was , organ
ized in this city, on Saturday evening, with
sixteen charter mebers. "The officers elect
ed .were: « L,."- DY Lacey, - venerable consul ;
Charles 8. .Olmsted. worthy adviser; WY
C. Brown, clerk; Austin R. King, banker;
F.E. Skinner, escort; M. B, Perry, watch
man; ; N.^B. Gonzales,' sentry; A. M. Staf
ford,-.physician; J. A. Cross, H. P. Morclli
and IE. R. Carey, managers. .....
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Oct. 29.— Two steamers ar
rived to-night with Nome miners and their
gold. The Ohio brought 427 passengers
and $250,000 in treasure. The long overdue
steamer Robert Dollar returned with 350
passengers and $1,000,000 in dust. She was
delayed by storing preventing her dis
charging and loading cargo and hinder-
Ing her on the way down. She left Nome
on October 14. All on board are well.
The Ohio made the fastest round trip to
Nome on record — 25 days. On October 4
she sailed from Seattle on her fourth voy
age. She left Nome on the afternoon of
October 21 and made the return trip in
less than nine days. She will sail for San
Francisco to-morrow with eighty of her
passengers.
The Ohio reports that Alexander Mc-
Kenzie, the deposed receiver of the valu
able Anvil Creek properties, now under
arrest for contempt of the Circuit Court
of Appeals, will be brought down on the
Oregon, which is not expected to reach
here for several days, as she still, had
considerable cargo to discharge when the
Ohio left.
The Nome and Snake rivers were both
freezing when the Ohio sailed.
HypoTite Valeoff, a native of France,
died from natural causes October 23 and
was burled at sea. He was a single man,
about 20 years of age.
Three robberies occurred aboard the
Ohio. A thief entered the stateroom of
J. O. Berg and stole $500 in currency. J.
F. Fulton and Mrs. C. H. Taylor also had
small sums of money stolen from them.
Passengers Report That Alexander
McKenzie, the Deposed - Re
ceiver, "Will Be Brought
Down on Oregon.
ROBBERIES OCCUR DURING TRIP
Ohio and Robert Dollar Ar
rive at Seattle With
Treasure.
NOME MINERS
AND GOLD ON
TWO VESSELS
in the time that it takes to cut it. As
some the lumber when green Is too heavy
to float a kiln has been built for the pur
pose of drying it. This kiln has a capac
ity of 40,000 feet in twenty-four hours. The
mill and yards are lighted by electricity,
which is generated by a dynamo at tho
mill, and night is made as bright as
day, and the work of transforming the
trees into lumber goes on without inter
ruption.
The stupendous task of buhding the
largest flume in the world was com
menced In June, 1S59. No appreciation of
the difficulty of this operation can be had
by those who have not followed the snake
like course of the flume as it winds Its
way alone the sides of the mountains,
across deep gullies. In and out among the
rolling lands of the foothills down to the
plains. Clinging at times to the rugged
Bide of a mountain, literally using "tooth
and toenail" to maintain a hold, walking
on a four Inch strlneer at a perilous
height, or blasting holes In the hard
granite In order to make a place for a
support, the Indefatigable workers pur
sued the task to completion, and seven
teen months from the lime the flume was
commenced the work was accomplished.
' The amount of lumber used was 5,700.000
A spur from the Southern Pacific Rail
road and one from the Santa Fe run Into
the yards, so that building material, lum
ber or boxes may be shipped over either
line. The yard has a capacity of 35,000.
000 feet and is laid out with a view to the
convenient handling of lumber. A series
of tracks run from the mill to all parts ot
the. yard.
feet. It required seven car3 to carry tho
nails used, to fasten this ereat amount
of lumber together, there being 2100 k.-g?
consumed— enough to build a small vil
lage. The length of the flume la 53 5-S
miles. It takes twelve hours for lumber
to come by the .flume from the mill in
the mountains to the mill on the plains.
The steepest grade is 38 inches to IB feet.
The planing mill and box factory whera
the lumber which is carried by this great
flume is to be converted Into boxes and
the like Is not only the largest In the
State, but' is the best equipped ot any on
th« coast. • A double 60-lnch Sturtevant
blower carries off all shavings and fine
dust away from the machines Into the
fuel box or directly into the furnaces. By
means of this blower the floor is kept
clean of shavings, thereby lessening the
danger from fire. The capacity or th«»
mill is 200,000 feet a day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADERA, Oct. 20.— Madera to-day be
gan a two days' celebration in honor of
the completion of the new mill and flume
of the Madera Sugar Pine Company. The
flume Is the longest and the mill one of
the largest In the world, and the com
mencement of operations by the company
means much to the people of this section.
Incidental to the celebration, the corner
stone of the new courthouse was laid to
dav. Disagreeable weather did not deter
a large number of excursionists from com •
ing from nearby towns.
To-morrow will be the blp day of the
celebration. The programme includes a
barbecue, a variety of sports, oratory,
dancing and all else that goes to make up
a celebration, Thousands of visitors are
expected.
The Madera Sugar Pine Company was
organized under the laws of Arizona, on
August S, 1S99, with tho following named
officers: A. Hill, president: E. H. Cox.
secretary and manager; Return Roberta,
treasurer; A. Hill. E. II. Cox. R, Roberts".
K. N. Briggs. E. N. Fowler and A. H.
Flemming directors. • • , .*
Work on the mill in the woods slxt/
miles away was begun in June, 1899. The
mill is one of the strongest structurally
In the world. It is equipped with the
latest and best machinery and Is the
first mill to have the telescopic band saw
on this coast. It has a double 66-lnch
circular saw and telescopic band saw. Th©
boilers are placed in three batteries and
consists of six 56-inch boilers. The engine
develops 350 horse power. The capacity
of this mill exceeds that of any in the
Sierra Nevada Mountains, being 260,000
feet in twenty-four hours. This amount
of lumber can be shipped by the flume
TwoDaysVEra of Festivities Begins With the Dedication of a New County
Courthouse and Will Include a Barbecue and Sporting Events.
MADERA CELEBRATING THE COMPLETION
OF THE LONGEST FLUME IN THE WORLD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 29.— Four con
victs at.SanQuentin. who have
been wearing red shirts as a sign
that they . were dangerous men.
were to-day, by order of Warden
Will Labor in the House for ah Ex
•¦ . tension of the Rural Mail D«
livsry System in Cali- .
fornia.
. Social I)lspa*ih to The Call. j
PETALUMA, Oct. 29.— An enthusiastic*
Republican meeting was held here to
night, at. which Frank L. Coombs, Con
gressional nominee fur the First District,
was tHe principal speaker. Five hundred
persons crowded the opera-house and the
nominee was given a warm reception. The.;
meeting hall was handsomely decorated, j
Jesse D. Olmstet! was chairman and!
prominent Republicans occupied the stago.
There was music by Company C band and ,
campaign songs by the Excelsior quartet.
Mr. Coombs spoke on the general issues
of the campaign. He reviewed the sub
ject of free silver and talked at length of
"imperialism" and its horrid specter/mili
tarism.-and of the false patriotism of the
Democracy. He outlined his policy in
favor of the extension of rural mail deliv
ery and' said he would labor to more thor
oughly dot the rural districts with mail
boxes. As to the election of United States
Senators by direct vote, he would support
such a movement. His speech was full of
vigor and aroused a kindly feeling among
his hearers. He closed with a high tribute
to the administration of . President Mc-
Kinley.
Frank A. Cromwell, candidate for th&
Assembly in the Sixteenth District, ad
dressed the meeting and outlined his pol
icy.. He was greeted with cheers and won
the support of many doubtful voters. The
meeting did much for Republicans in
Northern Sonoma and was tne most-suc
cessful gathering yet held here. . !
SAN JOSE'S GREATEST RALLY.
Magnificent Reception to Messrs.
Loud and Shortridge.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 29.— The largest Repub
lican rally in years was held here to
night. Every portion of the county was
represented and the greatest enthusiasm
was shown. The Alliance Club of Oak
land, commanded by Colonel S. J. Taylor,
and the Young Men's Republican Clul%
under Captain H. Keck, with a band,
came down to participate in the celebra
tion. The Oakland clubs, the local Rough
Riders and the Army and Navy League
made up a torchlight procession. The
streets were lined with people.
A crowd of more than 2500 persons
thronged the Auditorium and hundreds
¦were 'turned away. It was the greatest
throng -that ever attended a political
meeting here. This was the ovation ten
dered to Congressman E. F. Loud and S.
M. Shortridge, the speakers of the occa
sion. M. A. Southworth was chairman of
the meeting. After a few remarks, he in
troduced Congressman Loud. When the
applause subsided, Congressman Loud
told of the unexampled prosperity the na
tion was now enjoying and of the success
ful achievements of the Republican party
in the past four years.
"It has kept every pledge and fulfilled
every obligation." he said. "The financial
center of the world has been removed
from London to New York, and that city
now for the first time is fixing the price
of its own securities. The balance or the
world's trade Is in favor of this country
by a $15,000,000,000 margin.
"In this campaign the Democratic party
had no fixed issue. Free silver and free
trade, their former principles, they refuse
to discuss, and they are trying to ride
Into office by raising an issue unfamiliar
to the American people— that of 'impe
rialism.' "
Mr. Loud concluded appealing: to the
people to uphold the administration and
to sustain the noble work of President
William McKinley.
Samuel M. Shortridge followed Con
gressman Loud, and his reception was no
less enthusiastic than that accorded Mr.
Loud. Mr. Shortridge in an eloquent
speech of an hour and a half dealt with
the issues of the campaign. He brought
greeting from Southern 'California and the
San Joaquin Valley, and was confident the
electoral vote of California would be cast
for McKinley.
A reception and banquet were tendered
the speakers and visiting clubs after the
meeting.
WOODS SPEAKS AT OAK PABK.
Tells of the Work He Proposes to Do
In Congress.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 29.— Sam D. Woods,
candidate for Congress from the Second
District, spoke to a large assemblage - at
Oak Park, a suburb of Sacramento/ to
night. Mr. Woods said that on the occa
sion of his previous visit to Sacramento
he had been charged with not paying
enough attention in his public speech to
the requirements of the ¦ Sacramento and
San Joaquin valleys. ,He said that he had
spent his whole life from childhood in this
district: that he had twice been selected
to go on to Washington as a representa
tive of the river interests and that he
was thoroughly familiar not alone with
the needs of the valleys but also with the
legislation desired by the miners. He
promised that if sent to Congress he
would make his fellow-Congressmen real
ize the obligations which the United
States owed to California and that he
would do his utmost to bring about legis
lation favorable to the State's interest.
Mr. 'Woods .was, followed by the county
Senators and the meeting closed with
cheers for the entire Republican ticket.
HOPE TO ELECT CRICHTON".
Democrats Making Hard Fight in the
Seventh District.
SAN" DIEGO, Oct. : 27.— Duncan E. Mc-
Klnlay will begin a, week of campaigning
In this county to-morrow, speaking at
Fallbrook. On the succeeding evenings he
will speak at Escondido; Ramona, Julian,
Otay and San Diego. The Democratic
State Central Committee Is working hard
to win this Congressional district. It is
sending. Its best speakers.
Democratic Oratory at Merced.
MERCED, Oct 29.— The Crichton Club,
accompanied by a band, arrived here this
evening on a special train from Fresno to
attend the Democratic demonstration.
After the torchlight- procession a large
audience was addressed ip the Pavilion
by Hon. D. M. Delmas of San Francisco,
W. D. Crichton of Fresno, candidate for
Congress from the Seventh District, and
J. W. Haley of this county, candidate for
the Assembly. Mr. Delmas' speech was
short and was confined chiefly to the sub
jejet of trusts. , Dr. A. T. Hyde was chair
man of the meeting.
Registration Affidavits Lost.
WOODLAND, Oct. 29.— Three voters of
Winters Township, whose affidavits of
registration have been lost/ have brought
suit in the Superior Court to compel the
County Clerk to enter their names on the
Great Register. They allege that they
made proper affidavit before Deputy Reg
istratlcn Clerk F. O. - Owens at , Winters
within the -time allowed by law and that
the affidavits and duplicates were in due
time returned to the ; County Clerk.. The
latter denies having received ; them.
• /-¦ : . :' « m ¦ '¦¦
Dare Discourses at Drytown,
DRYTOWN, i Oct. 29.-A ; large and en
thuslastlc; meeting;: of /Republicans; here
to-night was ad dressed^ by s Hon: John. T.
Dare of San Francisco, and Fred L. Stew
art, nominee for, the Assembly. Delegates
came from Plymouth with a band.
OUTLINES HIS FDTDRE POLICY
Republican CMidate lor
Congress Wins MM
ful Electors.
COOMBS TALE
TO THE VOTERS
OF PETALUMA
PLENTIFUIi • SUPPLY OF BEETS.
Successful Bun of the Spreckels Su-
gar Factory Near Salinas.
SALINAS, Oct. 29.— The Spreckels sugar
factory Is making a most successful run
this season. The campaign began on Sep
tember 21, and up to noon yesterday 40.
000 tons of beets had been sliced, produc
ing 6000 tons of sugar. A good supply of
beets is coming In and they are of rich
quality, as is evidenced by the fact that it
takes only six and two-third tons of beets
to make a ton of sugar. Heretofore the
proportions have been seven and seven
and one-half to one. The machinery is
running smoothly and no stops are made,
except when necessary for cleaning. All
the waste water from the factory is used
for irrigating the company's land in tho
vicinity, about fifteen acres per day being
covered. Six hundred employes are work--
Ing. The season's run is about half fin
ished. ;
Two Business Failures.
Insane Chinese at Larg«.
IX)S ANGELES. Oct. 29.— In the United
States Circuit Court this morning F. j A.
Morehead of Lompoc filed a petition in
bankruptcy, showing liabilities of $11,811 90,
of which 510.247 23 is due H. B. Sprague of
Marshfleld, Mass. • There are no assets.
Walter R. Powell of Oxnardalso filed, a
petition In bankruptcy, showing liabilities
of $2719 16; assets $1345.. ,J
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 29.— Lee Gin, a de
mented Chinese" shrimp fisher at the camp
near Point San Pedro, is wandering some
where in the hills about this city.to-nipht.
Several . excited Chinese came to this city
this morning and asked* the 'local officers
to keep a lookout for a crazy • Celestial
who had escaped from them. They • had
followed his • trail 'across ' the hills toward
San Rafael, losing it just outside this city.
FAN JOBE, Oct. 29.— Ed Kecsling, who
reside3,at the corner qf Bush street and
i he Alameda, had an exciting experience
with a. highwayman last nipht. and when
they parted the robber had all of- Kees
ling's email money. As Keesling was
driving to his home from Santa Clara he
overtook a man walking and' invited him
to ride.'- 1 The two chatted for some mo
ments and when Keesling turned to ad
drc^s a remark to the stranger he found
himself confronting a big revolver. The
man demanded Keesling's wealth. Kees
iiTisr cave up some loose changre he had.
but this failed to satisfy tfce fellow. The
robber proceeded to ransack Keesllng*s
pockets, taklrg 5150. Keesling was then
ordered to stop, and the highwayman
aiiphted and disappeared in the distance.
Tn« robbery was reported to the Sher
iff's office, but no trace pf tbe highway
man coW be found. In fact, the officials
question KeesllnsTs story. A gold watch
carried by Keeslfng was not stolen, as he
had" taken the precaution to hide It in his
ehoe before starting from Banta Clara. ,
of His Money by a High-
Vayman.
Obliging San Jose Citizen Believed
INVITES STRAITGEB TO
BIDE AND IS SOBRY
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 29.— Postmasters
commissioned; California— Elizabeth Ken
nedy, Chardon. Washington— Emile E.
Mayer. Lamona; Victor Carlson, LJtho^-.
Appointed: Washington— Mathilda Taug
gaxd Snuwah. Clallam County, vice Gun
der Gunderson. deceased. Rural free de
livery will be established November 1 at
HalfiBOoa Bay, San Mateo County, Cal.
Pensions issued: California: Original—
Furcnan Cambloss. Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $6; Alonzo Booth. Hanford. $6;
Edward D. Woodard. Dunnlran. fS; Al
ber* Matthews, Coronado, $6; John D.
Kennedy. Lompoc. $12; Joseph W. Frort.
Sacramento, $10; Thomas D. Draper. Vet
e^aS^Home; tfapa. $6: Martin Callihan,
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $6. Addl
§2KfI*unuelb. Mutter. Haljeyville. $5;
Zlr.a. S. Dowd. San Jose. $8. Restoration
and additional— John Reynolds. Perris, $10.
Increase— John B. Oliot. San Jose. $12;
Charles Ehrenfeld. Pasadena, $8. . Orig
inal widow— Christina M. Fernandez, San
Francisco. $8. Mexican war survivors,
increase— George S. Bryan \ eterans'
Home, Napa, $12; Thomas Williams, Vet
erans' Home; Napa, V2\ William G. Buck
r.er. San Jose. $13. ., .
Oregon: Original— Byron Mathew*.
OochTn. $0; James L. Dickenson. Placer,
*6: George E. Skinner. Owybe*. $6. In
crease— George H. Tlee, Applcgate, $10;
John M. Haynes, Union, SS. -
Washington; Original— John A. Tester,
Seattle. $6; Joseph T. Baugher, . Spo
kane. $C
Postoffice Changes and I/ist of Pen-
sions Granted.
I2JTEB"ESTS THE COAST.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 23.-Mre. Teresa
Bell filed suit in the Superior Court here
to-£ay against R. Porter Ashe and the
Ruinart Stock Farm. The action is for
restitution and possession of the big stock
ranch Just south of the town of Kenwood
and about fifteen miles southeast of this
city.
Senator Ashe, who is the principal own
er of the stock farm corporation, rented
the ranch from Mrs. Bell for a term of
years and was to have paid the first ren
tal installment of $1000 to the plaintiff
on the first day of January last. He
failed to make this payment, Mrs. Bell
alleges in her complaint, and she now
asks for the possession of the property
and JSS3.63 due for rent.
The ranch contains 1S66 acres of land
and is one of the best and most valuable
properties In this county. It is the con
solidation of the old Druaimond, Xunn,
Wilson, Johnson and Crosby places.
Installment of One Thousand Dollars
Due on the First of Last
January Has Not
Been Met.
FAILURE TO PAY RENT ALLEGED
R. Porter Ashe Defendant in
an Action BrougUt Uy
Teresa Bell.
FILES SUIT FOR
POSSESSION OF
RUINART FARM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct 29.-The divorce suit of
Seymour Story against Margaret Story
promises some sensational developments.
A baby girl figures in the case. Mrs.
Story declares it is theirs, while Story
maintains it is a borrowed infant, and is
to be used simply to extract some hard
earned dollars from him for the support
of itself and mother.
The record of the trials and tribulations
of the Storys reads like a novel. Story
was a prosperous orchardist near Morgan
Hill live years ago. Being a widower, he
sought a wife through an Eastern mar
riage bureau. By this means he won a
wiaow with an almost grown daughter.
As soon as they arrived at Morgan Hill
he deeded his new helpmeet one-half of a
fifteen- acre fruit ranch.
Then the fun began. Mrs. Story, the
plaintiff alleges, made the old orchardist's
life so unpleasant he wag obliged to leave.
She took full possession of the ranch. Ev
ery time he went near the place he was
arrested. First it was for disturbing the
peace, then for battery, assault to kill
and burglary. He cleared himself of these
charges.
There was a mortgage on Story's ranch,
and his son-in-law. A. J. RockeV took it
up. It was foreclosed and an order se
cured from court for ousting Mrs. Story.
She refused to go, and when a Deputy
Sheriff went to eject her he found her ap
parently ill, in bed, with a healthy Infant
beside her. Two doctors' wero at her bed
side, but they refused to confirm her
etory. When she became convinced the
deputy was going to move her anyhow
she dressed and left with the infant.
Story then brought guit for absolute di
vorce on the ground of cruelty. He de
clared there were no children.
To-day Mrs. Story filed an answer to
the divorce suit. She claims a baby girl
is the result of her marriage with Story,
and denies all the charges made. She
wants the sale of the property to Rockel
adjudged fraudulent and the estate to be
held in trust for the support of herself,
the baby and Story.
Declares an Attempt Is Being Hade
to Foist a Strange Infant Upon
Him. in Order to Get
His Money.
DENIES PATERNITY OP CHILD
Seymour Story's Sensational
Allegation in a Suit
lor Divorce.
SAYS THE BABE
AT WIFE'S SIDE
WAS BORROWED
S?««citi Dtenatch to The Call
STOCKTON. Oct. 29.-M1S8 Mary
Iraser. the daughter of Banker
P. B. Fraser. at whose Instance
she was incarcerated in an insane
asylum, is to-night free. and. in
the eyes of the law. legally competent to
manage her own affairs. This ends the
sensational fight for this young woman**
liberty. The father and her brother, Al
fred Frascr. bad up to Saturday won on
«>vcry point, including the finding of the
Si.tte Lunacy Commission, and the broth
er was so satisfied with the situation that
he is alleged to have intimated that some
of those active in espousing his sister's
< ause would hear frcm him. Rumors v.ere
al-road Saturday that the girl was to be
removed from *he city and at an early
licur yesterday morning her attorney se
euied a writ of habeas corpus from Judge
Budd, returnable at 2 o'clock this after
t.oon. compelling the asylum management
in produce her in court to-day.
The option of receding from their posi
tion or defending it in court put a new
phase upon the case and changed any
plans ¦which the father and brother may
nave previously formed. Banker Fraser
agreed to relinquish his guardianship in
favor of Mrs. R. B. Parker, the girl's
grandmother, and it was tacitly under
stood, it is said, that there would be no
opposition to the habeas corpus proceed
ings or the young lady's restoration to
competency. i
By consent of her father. Miss Fraser
was removed at 9 o'clock this morning
from Clark's Hospital to the home OT
Mrs. R. B. Parker, vhere she prepared
to come into court. The habeas corpus
case came up at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Mi«s Fraser was on hand fifteen minutes
br-fore that time, having come to the
courthouse with Mips Alice Mills*. The
two stood talking In the corridor, and
while ihey spoke in a very low tone, they
exchanged smiles frequently. Miss Fraser
looked well. She had not lost in weight,
but appeared somewhat pale from he*"
confinement. She was attired from head
to foot in a fashionable tailor-made suit
of black. She did not wear the mannish
costume she previously affected and the
big broad heeled shoes had given way to
conventional footgear of patent leather.
When Judge Budd appeared. Miss
Frsser came in and took a seat behind the
rail. Soon afterward P. B. Fraser, her
father, came in. He glanced around and
then went over and sat down beside his
daughter. He was the first one to speak
and father and daughter exchanged a few
words is a low voice.
A. L. Levlnsky appeared for Dr. F. P.
Clark, superintendent of the Pacific Hos
fltal. where Miss Fraser was confined.
If made his return in formal terms, stat
ing that as one of the respondents he pro
duced the body of Miss Fraser in court.
In effect, the return practically stated
that Miss Fruer was still incompetent,
end it was up to the other side to show
MISS MARY FRASER RESTORED
TO FREEDOM AND COMPETENCY
Young Woman Whose Sensational Case Has for Weeks Agi
tated Stockton Walks Forth From Her Madhouse Cell.
Good Behavior Results in Loss- of Gaudy Apparel by Which
They Were Distinguished From Less. Vicious Prison Inmates.
FOUR SAN QUENTIN CONVICTS
SHORN OF THEIR RED SHIRTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO C AI/L, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30,1 9OO.
Aguirre, relieved of their conspicuous ap
parel. The men were implicated in a plot
to break prison during the latter part of
Warden Hale's administration. There
after they were clothed In red shirts that
the guards might more easily keep them
in sight. By their good behavior they
have brought about the removal of the
gaudy shirts. The convicts benefited by
the order are: Richard Chevalier, Joseph
Ktng. Josiah Lovcrn and J. Koup. Tho
men are greatly pleased.
3
H Men in business appreciate saving m 1 1 [I I
Htime, trouble* and money, whatever H I
Kithe proposition may be. raj fjj
H We can interest these men in our m |
ijmade-to-order suits, as the clothes M | 1
Bare a saving from start to finish. g I
| Time is saved, as the cloths are S I 1 1
Bnumerous and in the height of style fl |i I
|l B — apleasing pattern is easily secured. §j ij
B Trouble is saved, as our system .Sj §
J Hof cutting and fitting assures a good | |||
I |||| M Money is saved, as we buy cloth I I ||
; J Sin big quantities direct from the || la
j 1 i m '- lls ~" bu y * or tnree big stores, and- |jj| $j
] B'hus secure big discounts; and our gj| | l|
ra business is one of small profits, but gjjll j jj
I 9 with many sales. Customers get KJ'J i| |
gthe benefit of the saving. It will g | jj |
I Hnot take you long to get a few of our a |l 8
I ' Out-of-town orders filled. Write for samples g-j I u
. I cS and self-measuring blank. r| u j
I I Sftl'WOOD $f0' 1 I I
I | 718 Market Street and || I
H •- ' Cor. Powell and Eddy. K |WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— An order was
issued to-day by direction of the President
discontinuing the division of Cuba and the
eastern and western departments of that
division and establishing the Department
of Cuba. ' :*- '¦-- ¦ ¦ ' -•"•-¦ v
OTder Issued by Direction of the
President Making Many Im- \
portant Changes.
DIVISION OF CUBA
IS DISCONTINUED
? -Thp-dectolon.'of the court handed down
this morning is to the, effect. that neither
of .the defendants has a possessory right
to the lands and tReyoro ordered to va
cate. :V; ;¦'"'" ¦¦'"¦;":'-:-' ll! \t ¦• "*;'¦ "¦-";< ' ' '"V"' 1 - Tv - "'-'"* *": ¦» . V-f*^ '
States Circuit Court this morning Judge
Wellborn handed down a decision in the
case entitled the United States against
John Holmes and others.: This waa a suit
in " ejectment, in which Albert O. Holmes
and Susan L. Holmes were made the de
fendants. They settled upon 160 acres of
land granted by. the United States to the
Southern Pacific ¦ Railroad and thereon
built their home, with the idea. of pur
chasing the land ; from the railroad cor
poration. . ,*This settlement was made in,
1890. : In consequence of the failure of the
Atlantic and Pacific road to build its lines
west of . the ¦ Colorado River ' the .*' United
States in 1S86 forfeited ' and ; restored' th»
lands to the public domain, and the lands
were subsequently given to the '• Southern
Pacific Railroad. Neither of- the defend
ants had tiled a homestead upon. the. land;
as it had-not been Burveyed.* The tract in
nuftstion is . 3n . the, Bit . Rock ' CreeK • dis
tricts ; ¦- : : ¦.."¦.. : ;>¦-- .! :• . --- ¦--¦.¦:¦
Circuit Court Decides the Ejectment
Suit Against Settler* John
r . Holmes.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 29.— In the United
OBDEREDv TO .
SOUTHERN ' PACIFIC LAND
Sophomores Defeat Junior*.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. ».-
The sophomores to-day defeated ; th« Ju«.
niors at football by a score of « to 0. This
le*7«« the two under classes tied for the
college championship.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. a.— There Is a
queer case at the Receiving Hospital
which is puzzling the police and phy
sicians. Last evening an unknown Mex
ican fell from a freight train at Savanna.
He was picked up In an unconscious con
dition and brought tp this city on a
freight train and taken to the Receiving
Hospital.
The man was in a comatose state and
as nothing could be done to arouse him
he was put to bed. The only visible marks
of violence were a few cuts and bruises
on the left arm and these were properly
bandaged. He has not yet regained con
sciousness and lies like one dead. His
pulse, respiration and temperature arc
normal and the most careful examination
fails to reveal any sign of Injury about
the head. ¦-»'.'.
¦ The man apparently Is suffering from
concussion of the brain. The physicians
are baffled and are watching tho case with
interest. - .
Awarded Damages for Injuries.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 30.— In the damage
suit of Patrick J. Roche against the
Llewellyn Iron Works the Jury thli.morn
ln? brought in a verdict ' awarding plain
tiff the full amount claimed— $5000. 'While
in the employ of the defendants last No
vember Roche was ordered to do some
work at the plant of the Los Angeles Elec
tric Company. While thus engaged he
was badly scalded through the blowing
out of a defective boiler. Roche claimed
the accident was due to the neglect of hia
employers, on this point
Man 'Who Fell From a Train Re
mains Unconscious Though
Seemingly Uninjured.
CASE THAT IS PUZZLING
LOS ANGELES DOCTORS
Gathering 1 of Baptists.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 29.— Many delegates
have already arrived for the forty-eighth
annual session of the Baptist Association,
which meets in this city to-morrow. The
first meeting of the association was held
In this city forty-eight yet^rs ago, the as
sociation having been i organized beneath
anjold 'oak-tree now standing near- the
outskirts of the town. About 250 delegates
are expected . from different ¦ parts of the
State and ,the ' convention will • remain - In
session all • the week. :¦¦• \ . . .
alleged forger, bigamist and "masher,"
who arrived from 6an Francisco yester
day afternoon in charge of a police detec
tive, is taking things easy at the police
station, where he is confined. This eccen
tric individual seems to glory in his con
quests over women. One of his first acts
on getting settled in the city prison waa
to write a letter to one of his deluded vic
tims up north and then to make himself
comfortable. The fellow appears to have
the .'utmost confidence that none of the
women he betrayed will appear against
him, and he laughs at the suggestion that
any charges of- bigamy will bo filed
against him. The officers attach but lit
tle Importance to this, aa they believe that
they nave more than enough evidence to
hold him for forgery. Joyce himself does
not deny that he passed the bogus checks,
but seems to regard the whole matter as
a Joke. He was temporarily embarrassed,
and this was the easiest way out of his
difficulty.
* The married woman who wrote the com
promising letter to Joyce has not yet been
located, but the police have hopes of find
ing her. It Is Just possible that when she
finds that she has been victimized she will
talk, and If -she does more evidence will
be forthcoming against one of the
"smoothest" • individuals that ever op
erated In this city.
Grading for Big- Pipe Line.
SAN ? DIEGO, Oct. 29.— The Southern
California ! Mountain Water Company's
force of, graders has been* Increased dur
ing the past week, j There are now about
100 men, with 300 horses and mules, at
work grading a bed for the big pipe line,
which Is to bring the waters or the Otay
darn and the Morena ; system into this
city, : after supplying a large portion of
Chula Vista and other orange and lemon
grove sections of the county. v The prin
cipal work now being done Is the grading
of the approaches to the many tunnels
which will be necessary on that part of
the pipe line near the dam. Though the
country Is full of bluffs, the first mile ana
a half of - the pipe line will be , only 300
feet longer than the distance as the bird
flies. ..
Alleged Forger and Bigamist Confi
dent Hi* Victims Will Not Ap
pear Against Him.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 29.— George Joyce,
JOYCE GLORIES IN HIS
CONQUESTS OVER WOMEN
| MADRID, Oct. 29.— A conflict between
240 armed Carllsts and a detachment of
gendarmes occurred yesterday near Bada
lona. The chief of the Carllsts was killed
and another man was -wounded. Three
Remington rifles were captured. The band
retreated in the direction of Moncada,
pursued by cavalry and infantry.
The Carllst General Solivar haa been ar
rested at Barcelona, and a number of oth
er arrests have been made in connection
•with the Badalona uprising.
It appears the Badalona band of Carl
ir,ts, who : wore red caps, summoned the
gendarmes of Badalona to surrender, but
the latter attacked and dispersed them.
The aim of the Carllsts was to seize the
municipal .treasury, as on the body of
their chief was found a receipt thus word
ed: "Received from the Mayor of Bada
lona, — — - pesbtas, which will be surren
dered when his Majesty King Carlos oc
cupies the throne of his ancestors." • ?
Short but Spirited Engage
ment Near the Town of
Badalona.
• ¦ • • ¦ . . . ¦..¦•.¦ •
GENDARMES AND
CARLISTS CLASH
Another case : before the Supreme Court
seeks to prevent by injunction the collec
tion of duties on Porto Rlcan imports.
This Is set for hearing on the 12th of No
vember. It Is possible this may be de
layed until January, and all the cases in
volving the constitutionality of the 1 Porto
Rican tariff in Its several phases heard
together. ¦ ¦ • ¦ ... * • ¦
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— The Supreme
Court to-day, on motion of John G. Car
lisle, advanced and assigned for argument
on the 7th of January next the case of
Ellas S. A. Delima et ci., plaintiffs in er
ror, vs. George Bidwell, Collector of Cus
toms of the Port of New York.
The question Involved In the case is, the
right of the United States to collect duties
on Imports from Porto Rico under the reg
ulations prepared by the Treasury Depart
ment before the act of Congress prescrib
ing the rates to be Imposed was passed.
There are several cases now pending be
fore the courts at New York in which the
legality of the act Is brought up, and if
these are. decided against the complain
ants the intention of the attorneys Is to
appeal them to'.the Supreme Court, In
which event they will probably be set for
hearing on the 7th of January.
Supreme Court to Pass on
the Legality of
Collections.
PORTO RICAN
TARIFF CASE
No motive can be found for Miss
Wende's peculiar action. The local offi
cers have been busy to-day in the search
for her and she has been traced to the
MIddleton ranch, south of Napa. where
she stopped early this morning for her
breakfast. Miss Wende borrowed $1 from
a Bectlon employe. She walked all tho
way down the railroad track and said she
was going to the Good Templars' Home at
Vallejo. Information received from that
place is to the effect that she nad not pu»
in an appearance there. It is thought that
she. boarded a boat in Vallejo to-day and
went to- San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Collins are deeply grieved
over the girl's action and cannot account
for it, as she had all the comforts that a
home could afford. Miss Wende was a
student in the Napa public schools and
has relatives In Fish Valley. She was in
the home at Vallejo at one time. When
she left Napa yesterday sne.was attireu
In a white skirt, -a pink shirt waist ana
wore a sailor hat. .
NAPA, Oct. 29.— Dora Wende, a nine
teen-year-old girl who has made her home
with County Clerk Collins and wife here
for several years past, has disappeared.
She left the Collins residence some time
during Sunday night. Berore taking her
departure the girl left a letter in the bu
reau In her room in which she said that
it was her intention to commit a rash act.
This was at first. taken to mean that she
meditated suicide, but later developments
do not bear out this theory. •
Have Run Away to San
. ' .. Francisco.
Missing Dora Wend© Believed to
NAPA HIGH SCHOOL
MISS DISAPPEARS
Joseph A. Murphy, who will again of
ficiate as presiding Judge at Oakland
track, arrived in the city from St. Louis
yesterday, accompanied by his family.
The widely known turf official says racing
was liberally patronized In the Mound
City the past summer, the Fair Grounds
Association, of which he is secretary. en-
Joying the most prosperous season since
Its Inception. Many stables which par
ticipated in the St. Louis game are head
ing this way. Jack Newman, well known
to local horsemen. Is again the possessor
of a fat bank roll and has started the
nucleus of a stable by purchasing Tony
Lepping. a fcir three-year-old. "Cap"
Tiller, owner of the Little Rock track,
will send a string out here in charge of
J. F. Fogg, and will cut in with the book
ing brigade.
The stable of Brown & Liger. compris
ing amons others the speedy Gold d'Or, Is
due here shortly. Mr. Murphy says he
was misquoted when reported as saying
"California bred no good race horses." He
was deputized by the firm of Burns &
Waterhouse to purchase a farm, if a suit
able one could be obtained, that firm
thinking that possibly horses bred and
raised in that section of the country might
race better there. An enthusiastic St.
Louis reporter, in the height of his ecstat
ic bliss at the idea of a California firm
buying Missouri soil, did the rest.
Charles F. Price of Memphis, presiding
steward of the California Jockey Club, is
expected here on Thursday.
Favonius. allotted top weight in the
Opening handicap. It ia now said will be
a starter. If he does face the flag Bull
man will have the leg up. If a non-start
er, Bullman will probably pilot Rosor
monde.
Domlnlck. who will do the riding for
Fred Cook's stable, is pronounced a very
clever lad by Judge Murphy.
Henry Flittner. confidential man and
cashier for Bookmaker George Rose, says
the Californlan had a very prosperous sea
son on the Eastern tracks, cleaning: up
$50,000. Mr. Rose and wife will reach here
to-morrow . evening.
Thomas H. Williams Jr. Intimated
strongly yesterday that no persons ruled
off the turf for fraud would be tolerated
on the Oakland course the coming sea-
Fon. Malicious touting will also be rigidly
suppressed. He said further no persons
ruled off by the California Jockey Club
would be given further hearing.
Popular Official Will Again Preside
at Oakland Track — Many
Stables Coming.
RACING JUDGE MURPHY
HEBE FROM ST. LOUIS
VALLEJO. Oct. 23.— A rattling glove
cont«-st between Bob Jones and Hank
Griffin*, a San Franck-po heavyweight, oc
curred at Burns' Pavilion yesterday. No
time was lost in -retting to- work nhe:
lime was called. The men for' the firbt
f<?w rounds fought cautiously, little dam
age being dope by either. : Owing to Grif
fin's damaged right hand he was com
pelled to depend upon his left, which he
used to good advantage. It was give and
take up to the middle of the eleventh
round, when Griffin dropped to one Knee,
his arm having given out. and did not
arise until counted out. The fight was
awarded to Jones, who, was carried from,
the ring on the shoulders of his friends.
Prize-Fight at Vallejo.
Stockton surprised even his most ardent
supporters lo-night by fighting a draw
with Henry Lewis of San Francisco. If
anything Hart had slightly the better of
it. as he landed the most telling blows.
In two rounds he had Lewis groggy, but
the bell kept him from landing a knock
out. It was a pretty exhibition.
Tommy <»llfeather knocked out "Kid"
Howard in the third round and Bill Ken
nedy received the decision over Mike Mc-
Oure on a foul in the ninth round.
Stockton Pugilist's Good Showing
Surprises His Friends.
STOCKTON. Oct. 29.— Ben Hart o/
Quail During the Clossd
Season.
SALINAS. Oct. 29.— Three arrests for
violation of the State game laws have
been made in the southern part of the
.ouniy by Constable James W. Church
ind Deputy Constable James H. Robinson
>f this city upon a complaint sworn to be
'ore Justice M. L. Dexter by State Game
Warden L. N. Krrch<=-val. The offenders
;re J. \V. Oruver. B. F. Graver and Albert
GS1. All are prominent citizens of this
rounty. The Gruver brothers were ar
-ested by Church at Bitterwater and
Priest Valley, respect Ively. and Oil at the
Newhall ranch, near Jolon. by Robinson.
Their offense Rcalnst the law was the
shlpp!r:g of quaii before the first day of
Zi^tobrr. - :
The officers arrived h«*rp yesterday with
thfir prisoners, and the latter were
Nrought before a Justine this morning.
I"hey pleaded guilty and paid heavy fines.
HART AND LEWIS DRAW.
Three Monterey County Citizens Ship
FINED FOB VIOLATIONS
OF STATE GAME LAWS
LATEST PICTURE OF AL NEILL, WHO "WILL FIGHT BEN TREMBLE
WEDNESDAY EVENING AT WOODWARD'S PAVILION UNDER THE
AUSPICES OF THE COLUMBIA ATHLETIC CLUB.
AL NEILL will appear before the
San Francisco public on "Wednes
day nisht in the ring of the Co
lumbia Athletic Club at Wood
ward's Pavilion. Since his short
fight- with Jack Moftatt— an unexpected
victory for himself, due to the untimely
accident which forced Moffatt out of the
ring— Neill has not been in the public eye.
He says he is now out to redeem himse.lf.
During the last few weeks Neill has been
working himself into condition, driving
the surplus flesh and adipose tissue out of
his system. He appears to be in good
shape.- At any rate he says he Is, and
seems anxious to meet Ben Tremble, the
young Los Angeles fighter with not much
of a past but many hopes for a bright
fistic future. , Tremble has the advantage
of Neill In weight, but this is offset by
the ring experience of the latter.' '¦
If Neiir is victorious in this fight with
Tremble he will go East and look for
honors In a larger field. Toby Irwin, who
also. .fights on Wednesday night, is con;
templating the same trip. Besides the
Neill-Tremble mill the Columbia Club will
give two preliminaries, which are sure to
interest the fistic fanatics.
LOWELL BEATS
THE LICK TEAM
Single Goal Prevents Third
Tie For These Crack"
Elevens.
The Victors Outplay Their Opponents
Although the Score Shows a
Single Touchdown for"
Each Team.
The Lick and Lowell elevens settled
their football difficulties yesterday at the
Sixteenth and Folsom street grounds.
Five times these young gridiron athletes
have pounded one another for nothing but
youthful glory. The series was originally
scheduled for the best two out of three,
but so evenly were the teams matched
that two of the games ended in ties. The
knot is now cut and Lowell wears the
prize.
From first to last the game had a Low
ell tinge spread all over it. Lighter, but
faster, this team outplayed the Licks at
every point of the game. Especially
strong; was Lowell on defense, the LicK
team never \making any headway when
bucking the red and white forwards. Al
though the game was won by a single
goal, the balance of active force and
power always swung to the Lowell team.
In the first half Lowell scored a touch
down by clever work. Were it not for a
series of costly fumbles Lfck would hare
been submerged with touchdowns. Final
ly Lowell, standing on the Lick thirty
yard line, let loose Rooney, who skirted
the right end of the opposition for a
touchdown. A goal was kicked. In this
half Hamilton, fullback for Lowell, a
clever punter and stanch tackier, dove
through a heap of Lick men after Kern,
who was tearing down the field for a
touchdown. Kern was spilled. "W hen AI
Lean brought Hamilton to it was discov
ered that his collarbone had snapped.
Hamilton's only regret was that his
father might put the ban on his future in
dulgence in the sport. *
The second half opened leisurely enough,
but took on much action 'before many
minutes had. elapsed. Frequent punting
made the game open and interesting.
This is how Lick scored its touchdown:
Pressed to the limit of endurance. Lick,
on the five-yard line, punted, and the
kick was blocked wisely but not welL
Before the ball found refuge In McCon
nell's arms half a dozen shied at it. Mc-
Connell picked his way through a scat
tered field and made the score 5-6. Kern
missed the goal and thereby saved an
other tie, but lost the game for his team.
The teams lined up as follows:
Lowell. Positions. Lick.
Lewltt L. E. R Schleef
MIddleton ....L. T. R .Heitmuller
KeeRan L. G. R Fleck
Kldd Center Kerr
Williams R. G. L Whine
Craljr R. T. L Miller
Baldwin R. E. L ; Moss
Steins Quarter McConnell
Vorsburgh L. H. R Kern
Rooney R. H. L Bradford
Hamilton or Pratt... Fullback Percy
JUNIORS DEDICATE
THEIR CIiASS PLUG
Mirth-Provoking Performance on the
Varsity Oval at Stan
ford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 29.—
The Junior class dedicated its class plug
to-night by a spectacular and ludicrous
performance on the Varsity oval. Fifteen
hundred persons watched the performers,
dressed as warriors of the tribe of "Naw
tee Tu," in their war dances about bon
fires.
The plot represents the tribe, weakened
by the lack of unity, searching for the
fateful hoodoo. The much-hated object is
finally found and condemned to death.
Just before the threatened deathblow is
struck Pocahontas, queen of the "Nawtee
Tus," rushes in and saves the captive.
Woven in were many- local hits, which
gave the ceremony an added: zest. The
most impressive part of the performance
came when the hundred warriors lined
up in a mock football match, chanting
their favorite verses:
Oh. don't be haughty because you're naugrhty.
But board the boat and turn a few.
Remember, brothers, that there are others.
Remember we are naughty, too.
After the ceremony closed a lively rush
ensued, in which the newly decorated
plugs were thoroughly battered.
- » ¦
STJIT INVOLVING . SAN
DIEGO'S WATER BONUS
Action Brought to Foreclose the Trust
Deed Securing the Consolidated
Company.
LOS , ANGELES. Oct. 29.— Bonds
amounting to nearly $2,000,000 are Involved
in a suit Instituted to-day in the United
States Court. "R. G. Wright against the
Consoliated Water Company" is its title.
The Consolidated Water Company of
West Virginia a few years ago gave Its
bonds, amounting to $1,841,330 and executed
a trust deed to the Mercantile Trust Com
pany of San Diego to secure the payment
of the bonds. - The water company was
also the owner of $1,000,000 of the bonds of
the San Diego Water Company and of
$660,350 worth of the bonds of the San Di
ego Flume Company, both California cor
porations doing business in San Diego.
The Consolidated Company also gave
the bonds of the two San Diego compa
nies as security for its own bonds. The
present suit is to foreclose the trust deed
securing the bonds of ¦ the Consolidated
Water Company. The suit concerns val
uable property, consisting of reservoir
6ites in San Diego County, pumping
plants and the bonds of the San Diego
Water and tho Flume Company, deposited
as security for the payment of the bonds
of the Consolidated Company.
DAMAGING TESTIMONY
AGAINST "JACK" ORTEGA
Trial of Grace Gamble's Alleged As-
sallant Fast Drawing to a
Close.
SAN JOSE, Oct 29.— Numerous wit
nesses srave rebuttal testimony at the
Ortega trial to-day, and their evidence
was damaging to tho defendant. Detective
Pickering testified in relation to the street
lights at Tenth and Keyes streets, where
Gome* and Holland »w Ortega with
Grace Gamble. He was also present when
Grace Gamble identified Ortega as her as
sailant immediately after his arrest.
Boyd Moore was present when the girl
Identified Ortega at the police station.
Seven, men were placed in an adjoining
room and each in turn called out as the
assailant had to Grace Gamble. . When
Ortega spoke she identified his voice.
Later she went out in the room where
Ortega was and picked htm out as her
assailant. ¦
Chief of Police Kldward and Detective
John Haley pave similar testimony. It is
expected closing arguments will com
; mence to-morrow.
San IMego'8 Bicycle Path.
; SAN DIEGO. Oct. 29.— Supervisor Swal
low, who has been dubbed the "father of
the San Diego bicycle path." has twelve
teams at work on the path between Na
tional City and the Mexican boundary.
The course. Is to be more than twenty
miles Ions, with a branch up the Coronado
peninsula. The path Is to be six feet
wide.
WV-dnetday - Reserve. Stake, 61 entries- V\ •
Number's Limber Twlc vp. P. J. Olm.a s Cora
Pearl, F. Khou'» KIhrs 4 Borderer v». T. Poyl* »
Xora Laurence. K. R. Scott's Lord Byron vs.
J. Carroll's Auckland. Frank M^omti's frosty
Morr. vs. P. • M. 'Jlarkson's Headwater, •»•
Mooney's -Silent ¦ Treasure yp. Curtis ft Son «
Rosinantr-. L. F. Bartel's Beer Brewer vs. ¦*.
McEnroe's Admiral Sampson. J. Hilrl*v « <> JJ-
Cailtol vs. P. McC'abe's Mellow. Eraklne *
Jones' Lavender vs. J. nyrne'# Master Biy.
J. H.' Perlgo's Lady Davenport vs. F. c.
Mack's Drlla M. J..J. Warren's WIcklowAUtcn
vs. J. McNeil's Black Hawk. P. Moore * rhorn
<lale vs. Geor*o Rharman's Bowery P.oy, Pasha
Kennels' Rent Assured vs. A. Johnson s Tod
Sloan. H. Lynch's Lyddite vs. Curtis & Sons
McKinley. Connell Bios.- St. Helen vs. P. c.
Bllik's May Laurence. Pasha Kennels Ran
dom Aim vs. R. E. de H. Lopoz & Son's Sweet
ness. J. Sarsreson's Gold Hill vs. CSeorje
Nethercot's FTootigate. F. A. McComb b The
Eslle vs. Connell Bros.* Mamie Pleasant,
Aer.eld Kennels' Flying Faster vs. W . D.
Murrhr's Hlirhland, D. StelnhofTs Veto vs.
Bllck'8 May Laurence, Pasha Kennels Ran
d'Amour vs. Sterl" & Knowles' Blue Mist. H.
Lynch's Gamecock vs. M. Dunley's Erin. O.
Zahl's Miss V/llson vs. Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Belle Claire. E. Dillon's Snowdrop vs.
Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas, J. Burke's N'lght
Time vs. F. Jones' Lavlna, S. Garner's Lncle
Ned vs. C. Bonnar's Wild Nora, R. K- de B.
Lopez & Son's Warrlbee vs. Lande & Gerber s
Concord. Maher & Reid's Singleton vs. Muller
& McCarthy's Brentwood Bell, Chlarlni Bros.
Brass Buttons vs. Maher & Reid's Nellte Bawn.
¦\V. MurDhy'R Crawford Lass vs. Muller &
McCarthy's Ellery Girl. Irvington Daily's Alice
Morgan vs. T. W. Barters Betsy Baron, Irwln
& Lyon's Silver AVlngs vs. H. F. Anderson"s
Crawford Braes, George Parkinson's Ben Lo
mond vs. Pasha Kennels' May Hemstead.
¦ Thursday Reserve Stake. 64 ontrles — J. Kee
nan's lone vs. J. J. Warren's Wild Weather,
V. Dean's Free Silver Boy vs. R. L. Taylor's
Beauty Spot, L. F. Bartel's Banner Bright vs.
P. J. Rellly's Peter West, Captain Cane's Rose
of Arden vs. F. A. McComb's Little Sister.
H. A. Deckelman's Ben Klrby vs. H. H.
Gray's Commander, J. Byrnes' Olympus vs.
Aeaeid Kennels' Althea. J. Maher's Emma M
vs. Sterl & Knowles' Ollta. H. H. Gray's
Bannockburn vs. J. H. McNeil's Pearl Mac,
J. P. Thrift's Pprinir Back vs. W. J. Brown
ins's Mountain Bell. Captain Bad(ter's Alameda
Lass vs. .J. P. Thrift's Sir Hughle. Curtis &
Son's Psyche vs. William Number's Lady Like.
R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Minnie Wa Wa vs.
J. I. O'Brien's Wandering Tom, T. Hood's
I^ady Geraldine vs. J. Trade's Old Glory. R- E 
de B. Lopez & Son's Diablo vs. A. J. Kemp's
Remember Me, O'Zahl's Hummer Boy vs.
Chlarlni Bros/ Palmyra. J. Holden's Scottish
Chief vs. S. C. Portal's Cannon Ball, A. Myer"s
Rowdy Boy vs. Curtis * Son's Cash, Sterl &
Kno"-les' Sleety Mist vs. M. Sullivan's Toss.
F. Shou's Lady Glenklrk vs. Aeneid Kennels'
Aehllle. P. C. Blick's La Rosa Souvenir vs. P.
M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold. P. C. Bllck's
Advance Guard vs. George MeDougal's Fal
staff. T. Doyle's Secret vs. Georse Sharman'B
The Doctor, J. Hurley's The Hurricane vs.
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Scotland Yet, J. I.
O'Brien's Pasha Queen vs. Curtis & Son's Ki
bosh, R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Eagar vs.
J- Hurley's Shylock Boy, H. H. Gray's Terre
nette vs; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Warriral,
J. N. Wood's Cliff Wilson vs. P. J. Rellly's
Ploughboy. T. Patterson's Our Maggie vs.
Curtis & Son's Echo. J. Keenan's Sleigh Bells
vs. J. M. Hallen's Tic Tac, H. Lynch's Lex
ington vs. J. H. W. Muller's Cruiser. J. H. W.
Muller's Mocorlta vs. J. Dennis' Mike Fenton,
P. C. Blick's Fedora vs. Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Strayaway.
There will be two midweek stakes at
Union Coursing Park this week, hoth
sixty-four-dog entries and for regular
midweek prizes. The draw, held at Pythian
Castle last night, resulted as follows:
Coursing Men Have a Chance to Pick
the Winners With and With
out the Aid of a
Two Reserve Events With
Sixty-Four Entries Each
To Be Decided.
MIDWEEK STAKES
AT UNION PARK
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.-A card 6f the
consolation order wns run off at the Em
pire City track to-«lay. and there was Ht
t'.e to recommend. One stake, thfi Mor
rislann. was decided. First Whip closed
a slight favorite over Annoy, with Hesper
the best backed of the others. Oneck
Queen made the running past the stand,
but Slack took Belle of Orleans out and
led the Held up tho backstretch. Annoy
gradually moved up on the outside and
went to the front when Belle of Orleans
tired on the far turn. He showed the
way into the stretch, but swerved to the
outer rail, which lost him the race. Hes
per cam. through .in>1 won cleverly by a
lenpth and a half. Summaries:
l-'ive and a hnlf furionrs— M*str*ss won.
MeUn O'C uecmd: Automaton third. Timf>,
l:f.T' T .
• me n'Ae an>i fifty ranis— General Mart
Gsary urn. Hettie Gray sreond. Hrlsk third.
T;?ne. 1 :4.M-.
About fix furlongs— My A<1<li« won. The
nhynipr KCoad, S»rvilia thirrt. Time. l:10"i-
Mcirif-iina »takfh. i^ne n-.lle and a slxtfPntii.
sfllitig- Hes-ppr won. Carbuncle second. First
\VW|. tlnrd. Tim«>. 1:4^.
A»>-->ut six furlongs— Kjilaton won. Huitillo
ptK-htle wtHfOOi. Trillo thini. Time. 1:10.
One mile and seventy yards— Lancewood won,
AnpK second, Leon Fcrifuson third. Time,
L4SH.
ST. UOU1S. Oct. 29.— The Kinloch Park
track was turned Into a quagmire by last
nipht'p and to-day's heavy downpours.
Three favorites, one second choice and
two Ions shots swept the card. The
meeting will close Wednesday. Summary:
Six furlo-igs. selling— Brlghtle B won, Sld
tilla second, Bioomfielfl third. Time, 1:21.
Six furlrngs. sellin?--Glen Bow won, Rob
ert Jr. t^c-ond. Birdie Stone third. Time.
1:2! V.
s.x furlongrs. sellirK?— Watercrest won. Harry
Thoburn second. <.5rayless third. Time, '1:19.
One mile and a sixteenth, purse— Alice Turner
w.>n, Oo Out second. Eklllman third. Time,
1:R6.
(ire mile. K*>IIInjj — Guide Rock wen, Maude
Wallace second. Joe Doughty third. Time,
1:4$.
One, mile and three-sixteenths, purse— Judge
Pteadman won. Innuendo second, Pinar del Rio
third. Time. 1:10.
LAKESIDE RACETRACK. Ind., Oct.
29.— The track was a sea. of mud to-day.
Results:
Six furlongs— Sir Christopher won, Dagrnar
iM^-cnd, Jim Gore II third. Time, 1:17 4-5.
Five "furlongs— Kenilworth won. Rio de Altar
second, Kasan third. Time. 1:C2 3-5.
One mile— Alcha II won. Aurea second,
Brownie Anderson third. Time. 1:46 8-5.
Or.e mile and a sixteenth — The Unknown won,
Ohnet second, Robert Waddell third. Time,
1:.VV
On* mile— Lennep won. Frellnithuysen sec
ond. Norford third. Time, 1:43 3-5.
One mile and three-sixteenths — Sam Lazarus
Esq. won. Frangible second, Phydias third.
Time, 2.nc?i.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 29.-Summary:
Six furlonps— Mr. Brown won. Princess
TTnra second, Olcott third. Time, l:14 l i..
Five furlongs— Port Wine won, Ethel Wheat
eecend. School for Scandal third. Time, liOl^.
One mile— Ollie won, Chanton second, Louis
ville Beile third. Time. 1:11%. -
One mile, handicap — Chapnaqua won. Branch
second. Ida I^edfonl third. Time, 1:41.
Five furlonps — Tuscorara won. Impw Albula
second. King Ralne third. Time, 1:00%.
One mile, selling— Saulser won, Eitholln sec
ond. The Slupgard third. Time. 1:41%.
and Two Long Shots Sweep
the Card at Kinloch
Park.
Three Favorites, One Second Choice
at the EmpireCity
Track.
Consolation Card Run Off
HESPER TAKES
THE MORRISIANA
WILL RUSH WORK
ON NEW YACHT
Personnel of Its Owners
Still Withheld From
the Public.
instruction to 3e of the Very Best
and Great Care "Will Be Exer
cised la Selecting Captain
and Crew.
fnless something nt.inreseen occurs, the
new boat v.-ill be in the water in the latter
jmrt «^f April, and soon after be ready (or
i rial. This will give those in charge more
thMti three months to put her in the per
fect condition she should be for ...e inter
national races. It will require hard work
to do this, but the new boat Vul be in
tharffe of an experienced and energetic
yachtsman, one familiar with cup racing.
«nd he will surround himself with others
of a similar experience and energy — men
who have never known defeat, and .the
i ombination is sure to excite the admira
tion of the yachting world.
The same may be ssiid of the new boat's
sailing master and of the crew that will
be engaged. There will bo no mistakes
made in these important particulars, and
so. until the officers of the club make
their report • and ¦ »he general outline of
.he manager's programme is known, the
yachting world may feel assured that the
preliminary v.-prk incident to the sucess
fuT defense of the America's cup is in the
most satisfactory shape.
The formation of the syndicate is only a
jet.-' ¦;< what has been done. There is
Cood reason for sayins that the Herres
boffs will soon start the new vessel and
cTintinue its construction with all the
force and energy these great yachtbulld
it> em bring to bvar upon it.
Vice O-mmodore Augrust Behnont and
Mr. I'uniolius VanderbiH. «.s before told
in Th* Call, will be among the •yndloate
members, and others will be equally rec
nized as prominent in the yachting world
and jt!f=t as enthupiaFTtc in the matter of
a Miccfsful defense of- the Cup,
No difficulty was found in obtaining the
ajutfum iif money necessary to build,
o^iuip and triidntain the yacht, and v«-iy
lew obstacle* of any character In fact
have been encountered up to thN time.
NEW YOKK. Oct. 2».— While the p«r
f;onr.<?l cf the syndicate formed to build
the new cup boat is still withheld from
the public for pood and efficient reasons,
member?! of the New York Yacht Club
familiar with what has twen done in this
dir«*rtion express much satisfaction ¦with
Hit: progress that has ben matfe. The
syndicate i« complete and it is probable
l/iaJ It will contain a smaller number of
name? than has been previously t*UKgesl
?*d, but thosf. composing it arc prominent
liifnibrrs of The club, and in every way
ri-profnUttiv^ yachtsmen.
Sj*cJ»l DlJjMitch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 19OO.
NEILL IS READY
FOR FISTIC WORK
The train was going forty-five miles an
hour at the time of the accident. The first
three cars were derailed and thrown on
their side and the . casualties were all
among the passengers in the day' coach,
the remainder of the train not leaving the
track. A' special train was sent from Liv
ingston as soon as the news of the wreck
was received. Traffic was resumed at 9
o'clock this morning.
It is thought that when the debris of the
wreck is fully cleared away other victims
will' be found, as two or three passengers
are missing.
Erick Pendleton, brother of Lester
Pendleton.
Ed Gray, traveling freight agent of the
Omaha Railway.
M. A. Deidrich, engineer,
George" Hubbard, Sheriff of Yellowstone
County.
A dozen others were less seriously In
jured.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 29.—North
ern Pacific train No. 4, east
bound, was partially wrecked at
De Hart, Mont., eight miles from
Big Timber, at 1:15 o'clock last
nlprht by the breaking of a switch rod.
Seven passengers were killed and several
Injured. The dead are:
W. C. REIFENRATH of Helena.
DR. LESTER PENDLETON of Mount
Hope, Wls.
ED EASTMAN of Raymond, S. D.
DR. C. C. HARTHORT of Livingston,
Mont.
MISS M. D. TRACY of Bozeman, Mont.
TWO UNKNOWN WOMEN.
Injured.
Walter Nelson of Dickinson, N. D.
Miss Lucy Carpenter.
Mrs. Jacob Hughes of Marietta, Mich.
Miss Maria Tracy of Bozeman, Mont,
sister of Miss M. D. Tracy.
M. J. Sweeney of Butte, Mont.
Northern Pacific Train Derailed and Pas
sengers Are Crushed Under
: . ..' the Debris.
SEVEN KILLED IN
A MONTANA WRECK
General Leonard Wood Is placed In com
mand of. the new- department. General
Fltzhugh Lee Is ordered to command the
Department of the Missouri,' with head
quarters. ; at • Omaha.' - General Kl well - S.
Otis has been ordered to Chicago to com
mand the Department 1 of the Lakes. ,Th©
Department of the Missouri, has beenun
der command of Geenral Merrlam and the
Department of the Lakes under ¦ command
of General -Wade; both of whom have had
the command- temporarily. ..->. < - ¦ ; .- ; -.i , ,r.r- .-.•-;
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
> A noted London club man once laid a
wager with a friend that the latter could
not sell a given number of gold guineas
at a penny a piece. He won his wager.
The people reiused to buv. They thought
he •was offering too much for too little. -
It may be that the claims made for
I>r. Pierce's Faverite Prescription seem
almost too great tp _*m'
women who in ' }-ears (£33j»
of suftering have found $¥&£&
no help in doctors or *^^^p»^
medicines. But it is V*^9
to be remembered that \*\w
no claim is made for JW^
"Favorite Prescrip- f*ST W^ |fc
tion" which is not JjKk W Kg
substantiated by thou- 0*L y JgtA
Kinds of women cured 5* 4'"^*
ty its use. Its effects *%L^€&sr
are truly wonderful. SfrjMfa 01
It wipes out past years J£/K2sp?i gi
of psin as a sponge jl^^^j
Favorite Prescription
is the ?reat medicine mpf^StiM
for women. It estab- jB^|3^55si
lishes regularity,, dries Kt\/^g>ff^
enfeebling drains, Vf^zPjjk.
l;ea.ls inflammation y^g^v^gy*
nn-l ulceration and t^^pfe>2lB^
cures female weakness. 'P§55y^fg^
it is the U'st prepara- jJE^l s £f%5
live for maternity, mak- /^0fKgg20*
ing the baby's advent
practically painless. .-."; V $^' ¦•
¦When I wrote to you in March.'aslcing: advice
p« to %rhst to do for myself," tays Mrs. Ella
Itcj-nolds. cf Gu£5e, ' McLean Co.. Ky., "I was
' cipecinr to ticcanie * mother in June, aud was
tick nil of the time. Had been sick for «everal
i.io::ths. Could not ret anything .to stay ia my
htcnuach. not even water. Had mishaps twice
ia si* months, and « threatening: «U'the time
-»Tth OiU one. JIad female weiknesiior several
years. My lap*, hack and lower bowels hurt
: nc till the 'time. Had numbness from my hip«
Aewn. Had ieveral hard cramping ¦P el j*»j""|
w«f not oblc to <Jo any work- at all. I received
v<mf answer In a few days, telling' me to take
„ l>r. Pserce'8 Favorite Prescription. --1 took three
bottle*, and before I had taken it a week I waa
better, and before I had taken it a month I was
eble to help Aa sny work. , C3 the arth °t May
my baby w»« born, and I was only eick three
honr*. and had an easy time. . . ' ¦'¦'¦'. '
"We praise Dr. Pierce 1 * ojedidoe for . it hat
cured me.* • « Q
?JDr. Pierce's Pellets cure . biliousness/
Fears
Sokp in stick form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap in all the
world.
An torts of people m Peara' aoarp. all sorts
of stores tell it. especiallj druggist*,
, ADVEATISEMSNTS.
Entire stock
.sacrificed.
Watch our
windows for
prices.
'"¦•¦
918-920-922
1 Market St.
IliiRliii
WHICH WAY WILL THE GAT JUMP ?
Is the burning question that interests
both political parties Just now; but the
question that interests the man who
wants his linen done up with that snowy
whiteness and exquisite beauty of finish
that will only satisfy the man of refined
taste is where he will find the best laun-
dry in town to do It. The majority oi
voters in San Francisco will vote that it
is at the United States Laundry.
"No saw edges."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
eONE Piinrcd
bottle CUnESfi
MCBURNEY'8 |
Ki rin**v» nd Bladder H
A thorough cure for «
pains in the back, |!
BRICHTS DISEASE. I]
feraalo troubles, incon-H
licence of urine, brick dust deposits, bed- jH
wetting of children, gravel, K&U stones, gj
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. .. bj
Thousands endorse it. Write for tiwttmo- SJ
nials. Price $1.50. All Drujrgists. S
W.F.McBurney. Solo Manufacturer, M
418 Sonth Spring St. Los Angelet, CaL J
fit bIS in n$3 Pa sda bTiJ
NOTICE !
At a meeting of th« Board of Directors of th«
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, held on the Uth
tnst.. It was unanimously resolved that on and
after th« 15U» day of November next a fee or
two dollars «|2.0t» p«r month shall be charged
for each box-stall us«d at the InglMtde Race
Track, the proceeds to be used for the main-
tenance of the race track.
F. H. CREEX. Secretary.
Prtc» tl » bcttl*. For mJ« by druacuta
WINTER RSSORTS.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carl.bad of America, ia now opea for u*)X LONDON.vpct; 30.— CeclKV Rhodes, 1 ;'ac
cording ¦'¦ to'; a ¦ special dispatch '• from Cape
Ttown, r is ill with fever. V : - : . ¦ , "¦
Cecil -Rhodes : 111.
Show of Blooded Horses.
CHICAGO. Oct. 29.— \\ T Ith the > blowing
of a. bugle. „ this af ternon 200 ¦, beautiful
horses pranced from a richly 'decorated
stable in Wabash -avenue, entered 'the
Coliseum and - proclaimed * the " opening " of
Chicago's * second i -horse show. Parading
the tanbark ellipse were kings of the road
and turf, and. these rare to compete for
prizes aggreeatlne, in lvalue" 120,000. ¦';- One
string, that of ; W. s H. Barnard < of y- New
York, >has seventy-Hj-'e- .trophies -to its
credit and others are ; little iless renowned.
Local exhibitors are confident of ca'rrylng
dff prizes . which: hitherto f have f gone to
Eastern " exhibitors. *< < The " judging >- began
at 2 o'clock, coa«h. mares heading; the -list.'
DEN*V r ER. Oct. 23.— A rpccial to the Re
publican from Victor. Colo., says the 300
mint-rs'who walked out of the Independ
ence-mine on account f.f .the . order,, to
s*-arih tbem when they come off • duty,
tvero this evening paid off and discharged.
JoKffih Luxon, Kupcrint«^ndent - of • the
mine, resigned to-day. ' Everything is
<juiet about tbe mine. , ¦ . ..- : . . J:.
Miners Discharged.
I-ord Koberts'Says Jacobsdal Affair
Was Due to -rreachery of the
Burghers.
LONDON. Oct. 29.— The War Office has
received the following from Roberts, dat
ed Pretoria. Oct.' 28: •' •'- .
"Knox successfully engaged Dewet Oc
tober/27. During the Boer retreat Knox
caught Dewet in tne Rensburg Drift. The
Boer* lost considerably and left two guns
and throe wagons in Knox's hands. An
other ammunition wagon -was blown up
by .a shell. The British, casualties were
licferr5ng to the Jacobsdal »fEair. Lord
Kobcrts fays it was due to the treachery
of the inhabitantB. who admitted the
IJuors to their houses at night, iney
opened fire at daybreak. Fourteen- men
tvere killed aji.l luurtt-en were - woundPd.
rnostSy Cape Highlanders. Troops , dls
ijitcbed from the Modder River drove off
the Boot. The bouses of the treacherous
inhabitants were destroyed. Commandant
Jioh-man was killed, l/jrd Roberts calls
attention to the increasing inclination- of
the better class of Boers to co-operate
with the British" to secure peace, since
they find ruerrilla wartime "Is visited with
liewA'y punishment." -
BOERS ARE SEVERELY
* PUNISHED BY KNOX
cuse early > to-day •¦ over a' thousand ' per
sons, includlng'a large. delegation of; stu
dents from Syracuse : University, gave
Candidate Woolley a warm receiition. The
speaking was held on" uie , steps of •, the
City Hallto an. enthusiastic crowd, v
the Islands. ;.
•WASHINGTON. OcL 29.— General Mac-
Arthur's latest death! report from Manila,
received by cable to-day, follows:*
Dysentery— October 'J' 23; I, Company E,
Seventeenth' Infantry. AlbeVt W. Prlsby;
October 24, Company.M/Twenty-flrstln
fanto'. Patrick J.-^ Martin;. Company I,
Thirteenth Infantry, Dennis Murphy;-Oc
tober 22. Company G, ; Thirty-eighth- In
fantrj'. George F. Thornton. - '-•. -'
Tuberculosis — October 24, Troop- K
Fourth Cavalry, Fred P. Sullivan; Com
pany F, Thirty-ninth Volunteer. Infantry.
Charles T. Stearns: October 23, Company
C. Seventeenth Infantry. -William' Cross;
October 7, Company G, Thirtieth Infantry.
Logan B. Jackson.. . - : ¦-. .
Malarial fever— October 22, Company A,
Thirty-ninth Infantry, Robert L. Baker;
Company F. Signal Corps. John H.' Tay
lor: August 9, Company B, Twenty-eighth
Infantry, John Englehardt. ' .; .. •>->. ,- .
Typhoid fever— October; 26, ; Company K,
Twenty-seventh Infantry, Charles;, E.
Lenox. - -
Meningitis-MDctobor 4. Company .' H.
Eighth Infantry. William H. Phelps; Oc
tober 20, Company f. Forty-first Infantry,
William J. MlHer.«_ .
. All other causes— October '21,' Troop L,
Third Cavalry. Alton-.M. Rumery; Octo
ber 17, Company^C,' Forty-ninth Infantry.
Ijouglas Alston; October £1, Company, I,
Thirty-seventh ,"• Infantrj% John-J. ¦ Eng
land; September 24, Company C, Forty
fourth Infantry, Veri Stonckill; .October
10. Company L.. Thirty-seventh Infantry,
AVilllam Chatman. , • — . f .'
Woolley in New York.
SYRACUSE, N. Y;. ¦ Octi. 29.^-When the
Prohibition qpecial train .reached "Syra-
SUCCUMBED TO DISEASE
IN THE PHILIPPINES
General MacArthur CaWes - Names of
Those Who Recently. Died in
MAJORITY OF MINERS
• < ARE BACK AT WORK
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 29.— To-day wit
nessed , an almost . general resumption of
the work In the anthracite region, where
for six weeks the mine workers have been
on strike : for an advance In wages, a re
duction in the price of powder and in sev
eral districts abolition of the sliding scale
of wages. In a few Instances collieries
operated by individuals and small compa
nies have. failed to resume. •
. The Philadelphia and Reading Coal and
Iron Company, which controls over 20 per
cent of the -output of. the anthracite re
gion and which Is the. largest operating
company in the \iard coal fields; to-day re
ceived word from General Superintendent
Luther at Pottsville that thirty-seven out
of the thirty-nine collieries operated by
that 'company are working.
The two collieries not In operation to
day are the'- West Shenandoah and the
Henry Clay. The former, according to lo
cal authorities, did not resume owing to
the construction of a. new breaker. The
Henry Clay, it was stated.- is idle because
the abandonment ¦' of that mine ia con
templated.-.
"With the resumption of the Heading col
lieries It Is admitted that further opposi
tion, torthe demands. of the mineworkers
is useless, and it is the belief of the of
ficials that within a few days those oper
ators who have not'yet acceded to the de
mands of the Scranton mineworkers' con
vention will have done so.
The Pennsylvania ¦ Railroad Company,
which operates nine collieries, also re
ceived favorable reports to-day/ But one
of .ita, mines failed to resume, the 'William
Penn.ln the Sehuylklll region.
HAZLETON:;Pa/, Oct. 29.— Matters are
shaping themselves '.to-night for a settle
ment of the^difnculty at the Lehigh and
Wilkesbarre ~ <Jompany's ; collieries;, and
work ,. will I be .resumed on a satisfactory
basis some' time >[ during the. week." The
trouble at', Cranberry will also be settled
and the men - will " be back at t work • by
Wednesday.'" A" number of collieries were
crippled : to-day on account of a shortage
of water caused. by tne prevailing drought.
: MONTEREY. Oct. 29.— The little soa of Hon.
F. P. -Fellz : o'f * this city narrowly .escaped
drowning to-day , by, falling into an open well
near which he and his brother were playing:.
His ¦ brother ' immediately . rave < the alarm and
neighbors came to the ¦ assistance * of •• the - un
fortunate child and succeeded In rescuing him
In time. OWBBHHKgrSRSi'-.'-. ~ -:-.'-
General Heywood's annual report la an
interesting recital of the stirring events
in which the marines have participated
during past years. He includes reports
from foreign and American officers prais
ing the conduct of his men, both in tfie
Philippines and China. General Heywood
speaks of the work of the command of
Major L. W. T. Waller in the forward
movement on Tientsin, ehowing that
Major Waller's objection to '. proceeding
to Tientsin was overruled by a Russian
colonel, who outranked him; The alllel
force was driven back, but reinforcements
arriving the allies succeeded in reaching
their destination. General Heywood' s re
port shows that every officers connected
with his command and many enlisted men
performed gallant service.
General Heywood- describes ; the capture
of Tientsin and the splendid work of the
Ninth Infantry 'and marines. W^wlas
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. 29.-Ten thou
sand men should comprise the Marine
Corps, In order that it may meet all the
demands made upon it, is the opinion of
Brigadier General Charles ileywood. ils
commander.
Special DUnatch to The Call.
¦ WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— The State De
partment to-day issued the following:
By the President of the United States of
America— A proclamation: It has pleased Al
mighty God to bring our nation In safety and
honor through another • year. The works of
religion and charity have everywhere been
manifest. .Our country ha« been blessed with
abundant harvests. Labor and the industries
of the people have prospered beyond all prece
dent. Our- commerce has epread over the
vorid. Our j>ower and influence in the cause
cf freedom and enlightenment" have extended
over distant seas and lands. The lives of our
official representatives and many of our people
In China have *een marvelously preserved.
%Ye have been generally exempt from pestilence
end ether great calamities and even the tragic
visitation which overwhelmed the city of Gal
veston made evident the sentiments .of sym
pathy and Christian charity by virtue of -which
¦»-e are one united people. . •
Now, therefore. I. William McKinley. Presi
dent of tne United States, do hereby appoint
and eet apart Thurnday. the 29th of November
n «>xt. to be observed by all the people of the
Ignited States at home or abroad as a day of
thanks KiVing and praise to Him who holds
the nations in the hollow of His hand. I
j-pcommend that they, gather in their several
Maces of worship and devoutly five Him
thanke for the prosperity wherewith He H
endowed u«. for eeed time and for the harvest.
for the valor, devotion and humanity of our
armies and navies, and for all His benefits
fo u. as individuals and as a nation; and^ that
tiUy humbly tfray for the continuance of Ills
dlvin. "avon for ioncord and amity with other
raSonut aW for righteousnes. and peace In «11
°Tn U Scss whereof I
President McKinley Sets
Apart a Day for Prayer
and Praise.
> — •
Calls Attention to the Many Bless
ings to People and Nation
jyuring tb.e . Past
Year.
CALL FOR A DAY
OF THANK SGIVING
Least Ten Thou
sand.
Recites Gallant "Work of the Corps
and Says It Should Number at
Recommendations Made by
General Heywood in
His Report.
COUNTRY NEEDS
MORE MARINES
May this great meeting stamp .with Its dis
approval-the wicked doctrin»-of class distinc
tion, which has no place in . our ' free govern
ment, and mark > a distinct •' advance In good
relations between employer ana employed. ¦ Per
mit me to congratulated the Morgan Engineer
ing Company, its great body of. workers and all
i gathered at this meeting, upon the encourage
1 ment which such an assemblage gives to the
cause of sound money. I protection 'and - national
honor. Very slnceraly yours, -, "*»:,•
* WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Colonel W. H. Morgan, president Republican
mass meeting. Alliance. Ohio.
— — i — m «i . •;
RESIGNATION OF HAYS *
OCCASIONS
Vice President St. John of th.e -Sea
board Air Line May Be
- # Successor. ; ? .
LONDON, Oct. 29.— 6ir ' Charles Rivers
Wilson, president of . the Grand Trunk
Railroad of Canada,' and other officials of
that line have not • yet recovered from
their surprise at : the resignation • of
Charles M. Hays, general manager of the
Grand Trunk, and his- acceptance of the
position of president of the Southern ; Pa
cific Railway. ' ' »
, Sir Charles said this evening that the
three days of London holiday since the an
¦r.ouncement of Mr.' Hays' resignation had
not given the directors a chance to con
sider the future." . i
j"So far," he added, "no definite action
has been taken." • . »
-It is reported that there la a strong cur
rent ••• of ¦ popularity 1 running ¦ In ¦ favor, of
Vice President E. St. John of the Sea
board Air Line. This movement- Is believed
to have originated^ among, the Canadian
stockholders.
SENSATTON'AX STORY DENIED.
Canadian Pacific Official Denounces
< 'a Tale; of Robbery.,
- : VANCOUVER.- Oct. 29.-Vrhe sensational
story sent out from reporting
the alleged- discovery of an extensive con
spiracy on ; the part i of officials and ,em
ployes, to defraud' the Canadian Paciflev
is denounced ; by . General > Superintendent
Marpole of the Pacific division as a gross
exaggeration. - . .' . • : -. ' \ '
%"It .was simply ,- one -. of the ; routine , af
fairs of the . railway /business," said , he.
,' The : company may have lost-a few- hun
dred dollars by . the defalcations of •>.. a
couple of s conductors. ; , - The Investigation
by* the detectives iWas . finished- last • Week
and the * facts are ', now. being, considered.
The story as published is , entirely, wrong.
That Is all -I cansay just now."' - ' : :
ALLIANCE, Ohio, Oct. 29.— This city to
night, was the scene of one of the biggest
political meetings ever held in the old Mc-
Kinley district. The meeting embraced
the. dedication^ of a mammoth foundry
building of the Morgan Engineering Com
pany, one of the chief products of' which
is the disappearing gun carriages used in
the coast defenses. Temporary seats
were provided for twenty thousand and
nearly every one was occupied. All the
surrounding towns contributed . delega
tions and bands. Canton,- the • President's
home, sending about 4000 people. A parade
more than a mile long preceded the meet
ing. ;
Stewart L. Woodford, former Minister
to Spain. ¦ was the chief speaker.' He
spoke chiefly of the war with Spain and
its issues.
Congressman R. W. Taller followed Mr.
Woodford. A letter from President Mc-
Kinley was read In the meeting and was
the occasion for a tremendous demonstra
tion. The crowd gave round after round
of cheers. The letter follows:
My dear sir:* Your favor of recent date la re
ceived, inviting; me to be present at the Re
publican mass meeting to be held this ' evening
in the new foundry building of the Morgan
Engineering Company. I recall that for more
than twenty years it waa my. habit to meet
annually the people of Alliance and vicinity
in political discussion. Many times in that
period I have addressed workingmen - in the
old - shors of the company.
With the memories of these meetings, I deep
ly regret to find that rny engagements will
prevent .me from being, present, for it would
be a real pleasure to greet my old friends- on
an occasion like this, which marks the indus
trial progress of Alliance secured through ad
herence to the principles 'of the : Republican
party, for' the Indorsement ¦ of which you meet
to-ni«jht. - : . - • • ¦
This' great addition to your company** plant
Is a happy omen for American labor and a
practical demonstration of a prosperous busi
ness.'Such extensions of Industry Indicate
widening markets and increasing . prosperity,
while they Insure a - larger demand for the
labor of the workingmen and additional com
lorts for their • homes. '. American labor and
capltar worklne hand in" hand are of
advantage, and In friendly ¦ co-operation will
secure industrial triumphs aa yet unknown. I
have no sympathy with those teachings which
Incite envy and hate among our people, and
would divide them | Into^hostlle '¦ camrs.
at a Big Republican Rally.
Letter Received From the President
SIGNS OF PROSPERITY.
iNEUCH^TEL; ¦ . Oct. : : 29. — Frederick
Godet,", the!. theologian ' and tutor ;' of the
late* Emperor ".Frederick of ' Germany, is
dead.- '.^'^ •-••¦¦¦ :-*•*• ,' -_ -¦¦•:,-; ¦¦ -¦>
Frederick Godet.
J. M. v Schriver.
V ; BALTIMORE . * Oct. j 29.— J. M. . Schriver.'
general i passenger agent of the Baltimore
and : Ohio Railroad, . died suddenly \ to-day*
of apoplexy. • ¦ ,: '
'.TRENTON.\N.- J.,;Oct. 29— William* 8.
Stryker.* adjutant" general -of New 'Jersey
since 1867,' died : at his, home here i to-day,
aged 62 years. ___- .
William S. V Stryker.
EUREKA, Oct; 29.— William. Snyder, one
of the. old-time red.wood I lumber mill | own
ers of* this ; county .died here last evening
from a "stroke of a"p*>plexy. ., He : was a na
tive of Germany, 72 years of age. In 1876.
with TJavid Evans, John McKay "and
Harry Marks; he built the Salmon Creek
mill. This »later, passed into the hands of
"William '' Carson,- Mr. • Snyder being the
only one' of the < original < owners who ' re
tained an interest. ! cjygg$!S«g . r
William ¦ Snyder.
SANTA BARBARA,- Oct 29.— Norman
Lord, a wealthy Englishman, died to-day
at his ' country..; seat In Monteclto of • con
sumption. .He. wdfe SO years; old, a native
of Cheshire, J 'England, *: and unmarried.
About a year* ago he came here for his
health, after traveling in every continent
on the globe. • .-He bought . the Coleman
place in MonteJHto. furnishing it with the
best that money > could r.buy. A devoted
sister, who shared f his travels, cared for
him and will accompany his body to Lon
don. ¦., "- .'•-"',-"- '- "¦ -• ¦¦ ~ '¦¦ "-'.
Norman Lord.
j WOODLAND, Oct. 29.— George North.. a
pioneer resident of California, died at his
suburban home near Winters at. 7 o'clock
this morning. North was a native of New
York, 69 years old. He was a pioneer.*
wholesaler of • merchandise at Marysville,
and came to Yolo County in 1878.' In 1871
he was before the; Republican convention
for the nomination of Governor, but: was
defeated by the late . Newton Booth . by.
two votes. > He is survived by a wife, one
daughter. Maude, and •.- two sons— Hon.
Hart North of ..- Oakland, United States
Immigration Commissioner, and Hon. A.
W. North of Woodland. V. ¦: •¦ -•
Away at Winters.
Once Prominent Republican Passes
GEORGE NORTH.
"VVhitmore was . from - Massachusetts,
Campbell was a Nova Scotlan and Blackie
hailed from Burlington, ..Vt: ».- '
The shaft is 3S0 feet deep, and the men
had been at work sinking. Just before
coming up for dinner they had fixed their
shots. At 1 o'clock they again went down.
Nothing being heard of them for several
hours the foreman went down and found
the bodies lying together in the shaft's
bottom. -They had peen, working on the
suction to get the water out when they
were overcome. I
BUTTE, Mont.. Oct. 29.— "William Wtiit
morc, Robert Campbell .and Charles
Blackie, three miners employed in the
Smoke House mine, were asphyxiated this
afternoon by powder gas. They had flred
twelve shots and went down too soon aft
erward. The three bodies were found by
the foreman of the mine in, four feet of
water at the bottom of the shaft. All of
the men have lived many years in Mon
tana and have been prominent in mining
circles. . §' hte&??A
Enter the Shaft Too Soon and Their
Bodies Are Discovered at Its
Bottom ' by a Search
ing Party. *
Asphyxiated by Powder Gas
After Firing a Number
of Shots.
THREE MINERS
LOSE THEIR LIVES
TACOMA. Oct. 2U.— A family row over
the division of the estate of the late
Sl&nor* Foil, the noted barytone of the
Royal Italian Opera Company in London;
was taken into court to-day. The estate
is valued at $200,000. Foil's sister. Mrs.
Bessie "Walker of Tacoma, who was re
cently appointed administratrix, brings
action against her nieces, -Lillian F. Har
gear and Bessie L. Hargear, both promi
nent In society here, for an accounting of
property which they hold as trustees. She
alleges that in 1594 Foil intrusted to Lil
lian F. Hargear as trustee and agent a
large amount of bonds, stocks, warrants,
securities, money and other persona* prop
erty
Airs. Walker claims that Miss Hargear
and her sister, who are nteces of Foil, are
about to convert the property into money
and conceal it; in fact, tney have already
sent a large part of it beyond the limits
of Washington. Mrs. Walker says she la
unable to give a complete description of
Foli's property in the hands of the de
fendants tor the reason that they have
secreted a part of It and refuse to account
for it.
The • property consists in part of a
library of great value, including many
musical works; turniture, silverware,
curios, Virginia State bonds worth J50.0W
and other bonds, school and county war
rants or orders, stocks in mining and
other corporations, other securities, and
money on deposit • in • banks and in the
possession of Lillian F. Hargear and Bes
sie L. Hargear and under their control. •
By the terms of Signor Foli's will a. leg
acy of 100 guineas waa given to each of
the executors In England. The real and
personal property was to be sold and the
proceeds divided between Bessie Walker,
sister of the deceased; Helen Hargear,
mother of Lillian and Bessie Hargear, and
William -Foil, brother of the deceased.
To-day's suit is the result of a quarrel
between the Walker and Hargear families
over their shares.- Foli is said to have
made large sums In speculations and still
more by fortunate playing at Monte Carlo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Alleges TTiat They Are Concealing
. and Refuse to Account for
Property Held in
Sister of the Noted Bary
tone Brings Suit Against
Her Nieces.
FIGHTING FOR
FOLI'S WEALTH
When the body of Keeper McGovern
was searched it was found that his keys
and revolver had been taken from him.
Neither the keys nor the revolver were
found in the pockets of the dead prisoner,
which leads to the belief that they are in
the possession of Flanagan. When he
was taken to • the, police station on the
night of his arrival, October 3, he re
moved his shoes and then called Doorman
Coghlan to the cell. The latter answered
the call and as he opened the cell door
Emerson sprang at him and brought the
heel of a shoe down upon his head, cut
ting it open. In the struggle which fol
lowed It took. the combined efforts of sev
eral policemen to subdue the prisoner.
; NEW .YORK. Oct. 29.-TWO colored pris
oners. In an attempt to escape from the
prison" attached* to" the' Seventh' District
Court,* in? -West'; Fifty-fourth I street, to
day killed Keeper Hugh - McGovern, 51
years' old, ' and probably fatally Injured
George Wilson, 59 years old, a trusty, who
had evidently, tried to aid McGovern. One
of j the : prisoners, . Arthur Flanagan, es
caped; the other, Frank Emerson, fell Into
the yard adjoining the prison and .was In
stantly killed. The prisoners were to
gether in a cell on the first tier.'on a level
with the fourth floor of thfe prison. They
sawed two barrs- in the; lower part Qt the
cell door and got Into the corridor. They
went to the • nearest • window, .about six
feet .from the floor, and. sawed one bar
at the bottom, shoving It out and getting
through. In doing this it is supposed that
they encountered McGovern and Wilson,
killing- one and' wounding the other.
.) The escaping prisoners used their bed
ding for a rope and swung from a win
dow. Flanagan succeeded, in swinging
to the roof of a' car stable adjoining, -but
.Emerson did not make it and fell head
long to a pile of rails,; crushing his skull.
The men must have left their cells several
hours 'before the fact was- discovered. At
4 o'clock Keeper John Brady, who had
been in the ottice all night, went, as was
his custom, to the male prison on the
fourth -floor.'' As he was walking' around
the corridor of tier - No.' -1: he came across
the body of Keeper McGovern. It lay face
downward in a pool of blood, with a great
wound in the head. | Near by lay the pris
oner Wilson, who was still groaning.. A
surgeon, who was- called in, said McGov
ern had been dead some time. He said
Wilson would probably die. Wilson is 59
years old and for two years had been In
the prison, self-committed, as he had no
home. He acted -as a "trusty" and had
the confidence of the officers. They be
lieve he was hurt while aiding McGovern.
Emerson was under bail of $3000 on two
charges of burglary. Flanagan, who had
been employed as a steward In a fashion
able restaurant, also was under heavy
ball for burglary.. It is said a" woman,
name. unknown, came to the prison Sat
urday evenrhg to see Emer3on, and it is
thought she smuggled in a file with which
the bars were cut. The same woman had
prior to that time secured a lawyer for
Emerson. i
Bold Bash, for Freedom From
a New York District
Jail.; i .
> ¦' ' ¦ ¦ • . • • ¦ - . r - ¦¦
Two Besperate. Colored Men Make a
WASHINGTON. Oct. 29.4-Surgeon Per
ley, in charge of the hospital at.* Naga^*
saki. > to-day cabled the' f qllowlng ' list of
deaths: •¦...¦• ¦ ¦-¦¦".- *
October 25. nephritis." Nathan Hoffmas
ter. Company H; Fourteenth Infantry;
October 26. myelitis, Charles Carter, Com
pany. G, Fourteenth Infantry. ¦
Deaths at Nagasaki.
Says It Is Essential That a Ruling
Head Be Given China.
WASHINGTON, Oct: 29.— The Russian
Embassador, Count Cassinl, has returned
to. Washington after an absence of some
months in Europe, during which time he
conferred with Count Lamsdorff, Russian !
Minister of Foreign Affairs, concerning
Chinese and other International questions.
He also talked with M. Delcasse, the
French Minister of Foreign Affairs. When
seen at the embassy to-day Count Casslni
said that his visit to St. Petersburg oc
curred more than two months ago, so that
he was not in touch with the latest phases
of the Chinese situation.
Count Cassini says he. observed at St.
Petersburg that the Government was ani
mated by a most reasonable, conciliatory
and moderate . disposition ¦ concerning
China. There was a desire to avoid mak
ing the crisis the occasion for large pro
jects. In particular he noted both at St.
Petersburg and throughout Europe that
there was a general fueling as to the Iden
tity' of policy between the United States
and Russia, their position being alike on
many points. The death of • Count Mua
vieff, late Minister of Foreign Affairs, had
removed an official who ha,d been a stead
fast admirer and friend of the United
States. And yet. Count Cassini said,.
Count Lamsdorff, the new Minister, enter
tains that same sentiment of -friendship
and admiration for this country.
Referring to Russia's action'in the Chi
nese trouble. Count Cassini said that it
had been considered essential at the out
set that a ruling head be given to China.
The empire was in a deplorable condition
as a result of the uprising and the:Man
chu dynasty seemed weak and Incapable.
With the departure of the Emperor and
the Empress Dowager from Peking the
empire practically was left drifting, and
it was not to be expected that the 400.000,
000 people of China could carrv on such a
vast institution without a head. Russia,
therefore, considered It essential at the
outset to bring back the Enu>eror and to
le-establlsh a Government capable of set
tling affairs. To this end it had been pro
posed that the troops be withdrawn from
Peking, 'as there was little doubt that
such withdrawal would be followed by the
return ot the imperial household ¦ and a
more speedy conclusion of binding negoti
ation. The Embassador pointed out that
any Chinese negotiations would have to
receive the ratification of. the Emperor of
China. During the Embas^ador's service
as Russian Minister at Peking he became
well acquainted with LI Hung Chang and
Prince Chiner and he speaks In high terms
of their ability and statesmanship. -
Count Casslnl's attention was called to
the fact that credentials of the Chinese
plenipotentiaries gave •them— extraor
dinary power and ratified in . advance
what they may do. • But the Embasgador
smilingly shook his head, saying that un
der the Chinese system it would be essen
tial In the end to secure imperial concur
rence. ¦.-¦- ¦ ¦
When asked as to Russia's purposes in
Manchuria, the Embassador said he was
not Informed on the latest phases of th's
branch of the subject and could not speak
definitely. But he remarked that Russia's
great railroad interests leading t Sown to
Port Arthur would have to be protected
There was not the slightest doubt of this.
It was in protecting these " interests, ho
said, that , Russia had been attacked by
the Chinese, and It was only natural and
necessary that Russia would resist these
attacks. The Embassador also observed
that It. was quite natural that Russia
should feel a deep Interest. in Manchuria,
as it bordered on Russia, much as Canada
borders on the United* States, so that any
thing affecting Manchuria came home to
Russia fair more than It did to countries
far remored from that part of the world.
He recalled that France. Russte.' and the
other : powers Interested In China.- had
made analogous declarations against the
dismemberment of China. \ .
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— formal
response was made by Secretary Hay to
the invitation of Great Britain and Ger
many that the United States cccept the
principles embodied In the agreement they
recently signed. . .
The Secretary's note was delivered to
Count ' de Quadt, German Charge
d' Affaires, and; sent by mall to Lord
Pauncefote, British Embassador, and, it
is to be made to-morrow. It la
understood the Secretary, declares that
the United States earnestly advocates tha
maintenance of the integrity of China and
preservation- of the "open door."
With respect, to the third article of
agreement, he Ignores the alliance which
the German and British governments
haye entered Into, asserting that the
United States cannot concern itself. with
it. The 'Secretary adds to his note a
declaration in favor of. a general agree
ment for the observance of the principles
which are advocated in the Anglo-Ger
man agreement. ; .
The note is particularly important to
Russia because that Government under
stands fully that the agreement is a di
rect thrust at it. Though reports havo
been in circulation that Russia has-.an
swered the invitation addressed to her
to accede to the instrument, it is stated
authoritatively that this is not the case.
Russia has been awaiting the action of
the United States and it is likely • that
she will be gratified with an American
reply, though she deprecates that at this
stage of the Chinese question two powers
should enter into an agreement of the
character of that which Great Britain
and Germany have signed, especially
when all the nations had mac declara
tions in favor of the Integrity of China
and the preservation of the "open door."
• Great Interest was manifested In official
and diplomatic circles here to-day In a
cablegram, from Yalta, showing that Rus
sia thinks the United States should mako
the first move in the direction of. inter
national arbitration of the entire Chinese
question. Advices received by the State
Department to-day are to the effect that
the Ministers in Peking are rapidly
reaching an agreement relative t<5 the de
mands they shall submit to the Chinese
Commissioners. It is the purpose of the
administration to advocate arbitration
provided disagreement incapable of ad
justment should occur during the nego
tiations, but diplomats here, represent
ing European powers, believe that though
an agreement may be in sight It has not
yet been reached and they predict that
many developments will arise which will
prevent speedy settlement being effected.
In the interest of a satisfactory solution
of the entire question they believe inter
national- arbitration should u<5 appealed
to at once.
•
EMBASSADOB, CASSINFS VIEWS.
» - ¦ ¦ . . ,
In Official Circles It Is Believed Ar
bitration Should Be Appealed
To in the Chinese
Crisis. . ¦"- " " —
Special Dispatch to The Call. . •
Secretary Hay Sends a For
mal Note Count De ¦;;<;
Quadt.:
UNITED STATES
WILL ADVOCATE
THE OPEN DOOR
* CARACAS. . Venezuela. Oct. 29.— This
city was badly damaged by an earthquake
to-day. • Several churches were almost
wrecked and the American and' British
Legations suffered severely.^,- . '..',: ; - ,
President Cipriano r , Castro was in the
Yellow House, the executive- mansion,'
when a severe sho9k was felt.. The hous?
was shaken and seemed in .danger and
General Castro jumped from the second
story balcony to the ground. His leg was
broken and he was severely bruised. t
William W. Russell, American Charge
d" Affaires, and the members of American
and British Legations all escaped with
out Injury. .
Mallet -Prevost of Philadelphia and' H.
"W. Bean of New York, who are .here en
fleavortng to get concessions for asphalt
lands, are also safe. None of • the mem
bers of the American colony. in fact wan
injured. Fifteen persons were killed anu
many others were injured by falling
•walls. The Pantheon was badly damaged.
William H. D. Haggard, the British
Minister, was burled beneath the second
floor of the Legation building, but was
saved practically unhurt. 1
It is thought. that great losses were sus
tained elsewhere, as reports have come
that eartnquake shocks were extensive.
Even Andes villages were in the range of
the seismic disturbances. ,
Special Cable to The .Call land New York Her
ald. Copyright. lSoo, by the Herald^Pub
•.llshirie Company. ;¦ r '-;¦;,:--:
. — * ,
Fifteen | , Persons Killed t and Many
Injured, Among Them Being the -
s ;, President, General Cipriano ¦
. .•-.„. ; Castro. ; -
City of Caracas Shaken and
' ._¦¦', Many, Buildings Are f
Damaged.
SEVERE TEMBLOR
IN VENEZUELA
"BROWNIES" NOW
OUT QUARANTINE
BUTTE," Mont., Oct. ?9.— The
quarantine onk the members of
Frledlander's Brownies Company
was raised to-day. by, the Board of
Health." . All '.the ; children : are\well.
New -engagements '• will .; be made.'
The Pullman company fears a dam
age suit, and ; Suuprintehdent J. i F.
Baker, arrived .' t<J-day Ifrom*" Ogden
to "look' after the^'comfort: of- the
children. : The Gran,d f Opera-house
has been offered; Frledlander free
by the management for. several per
formances ;before:.leavlng town,- if
dates can -be arranged, to reim
burse him for the heavy expense
Incident to quarantine. '
His Companion Falls From
: a' Roof and Meets
• De&tii.
PRISONER KILLS
A KEEPER AND
GAINS LIBERTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1900.
5
The Day's Dead
OIL INVESTORS,
BEWARE !
Do your business through a Govern-
ment Licensed Broker. . i
There are fortunes beine made in
California oil stocks. Why not make
yours? ;, .'. -
There are some stocks that are better
than others. We are willing to post
Write for Market Letter.
James R. T. Mershon,
Oil Land and Stockbroker, rooms 5.17-
538-539 Parrott Buildirijr. S. F.. Cal.
Promoter of the MONARCH Oil* COMPANT
of Arizona, the LION OIL. CO. of Arizona.
PRUDENTIAL. OIL. CO. of Arizona and tha
J. S. POTTS OIL LAND AND DEVKLOP-
MENT CO.. all located In the Sunset District.
Kern County.
NoMore Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PALM, by our late sci-
entific method applied to the gums. No sleep-
producing azent or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors la San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply sold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set ot
teeth, $5; a perfecttflt guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold fUlir.frs. Si. Silver fill-
lnrs. 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
' TISTS of from 12 to 20 years" experience, and
each department in charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly as .
we advertise. ! We -will tell you In advance ex-
actly what your work will cost by a FREE EX-
AMINATION. .
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE......P3RTLANO. Oi».
BRANCH _ SEATTLE. "WASH.
VOTE FOR
Senate
Constitutional
Amendment N0.15
THE SEVENTH AMENDMENT ON
THE TICKET— PROVIDING FOR THE
PAYMENT OF TEACHERS' SALAR-
IES AND" OBLIGATIONS DUE TO
Merchant's of San Fi ancisco
It .will . be a better pie than
grandma used to make, if you
will shorten the crust with
WHITE COTTOLENE,
for grandma had nothing better
than larcL
¦The N.K.FaIr&ank Company,
Chicago— Solo Moauf aeturers.
lPC TIP t Our dainty booklet;
x x\*-c* * ~ A publio Secret."
mailed free to *ny autdmn. for
one 2c stamp we will aend free our
lH pasre red po book. "Horn* .
Help*," edited by Mrs. Rorer.
Avisrr OR JORDAN'S skcatA
JHUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
i CE 1051 MASSi? ST. frft. SZiTX S./.&J. i
T [ Of TSe Larjr«tAn»tc*niaU MuMwm in the T
A ..JL Vt'ortd. Wckkae««* or n, cntractea W
7 StSJ di$e»«pe««i»"«» •»«•»» by «b9oJd«t T
$ J5* \lt\ !> P eai:iit CB ti>L Cow. Zst 36 you*. 9
i fl^^ft OfL WROAM-PartATE DISEASES 0
A I xSVyM Tntitnieni ptrioimliy or by letter. A Q
r9 Tnf /»».n»« «^ur« in *»«rycateuad;rui«n. \
A i if II* Wnte for Book. PHllX>SOP«Y«fJ
P I J \\V JtAHtHOX, MAIL3& #R2X (Af
tA n. »»lu*5le i»x>lt fot turn) \
DE JTWKDAM 4€O. KJ51 ilaritet St.,3. F. 9
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
EMPORIUM. , ,. | THE ElttPORrUM.
JI Ladies' »' h-c**TM)aur rmfVAiviiwmn Famous «J
i Polishing stand § @a§" Elfifi^ii^l 1||^ Monarch %
»£ at foot of stairway MpP** »¦**! CJOVCS — It
K' leadinj to - P"^€>ol<lei»'R«ieBa»Aai«*» Fn ine winter 5
J 'Lidies' Parhr .«*"«»«« LAWE5r-A.«RiCA'5 orj^dest stow. Jt?leg now rea( j 7# j
K- : ; : ; : 5
|. This is the second 'dry of. the Special Exh b it of Fin e Imn tried j
*• . Toys, purchased especially for Ibis. event in Hance, Germany, fr
• Austria and * England, of interest to young and old. jj
4? 'y''.^r ;._-!— — ¦ — ' — — - — — — "¦'-¦'. ¦ &
I Dress Goods Remnant Sale |
g"-v. One-Quarter Off 'To-Day v \
«f Another great batch of remnants of this season's Dress Fabrics ha? >»
$ "cenmulat^. The lot includes scch topuhr gaols as Ciraes Hjir Cieviots. jj
It Venetian Coth3. G If Saitin-rs, Pbids. Serge?, etc. " A 1 were eo->d v 1 ues at j«
* theregalir rr*C93 frcm whc'i a reduction was mid<» w «>n they becann rem jj
j^» nants. Frcm ihese a!re3ly reduced prices to-day onC'tJUirtcr of I* jj
tr • ¦. 1-, ; 2
«f A Big Bargain. 35c Stock fogs, /JLc ' S
* &~~~~>/*^\ lrOdrz2nver yFr e t- 19cm . tffijz'i, *
t&rZgZfyi ty Ghina Tea Cuds and Ladm' imported heavy three- 2
2* '-J & Sancjra, ormm?nte-» lhre£ d Maco Cotton Hise, A.VI'l) S
t, with broad gold bands, extfa h gh sp iced h^e's, Ixkilrli j*
* t tha <- are regularly doable sole, assorted shades fiM C
£ -^fet^^ $1.81 per dozfn: on o f tans and msset?, aa *>x-' JjJKiX X
* sa'e to-day only; SO# Of 6.:..:. 63c ceptionally eo->«i va'us at^S^W-/^? -»
|. . : •— : — • 35c;- on'Toer-diy - Q J^ J
I \ Kid Hair Curlers. '^hv*^ i*G g
J^ A jobb r h s c'nsedout to us 2") 0 dozen 5
g. Kid H*ir Collar*.- worth »roin 6c to 8e aW oxes fg B J
* per doz tan brown and black, length, - d ga ,J B f o^\ fi
£ from 4h to 6 inches, which wi 1 .- f * V3neer wood , ¦ I J^
V • b S on sate to-dav; per doz. *+& hingSd cover, .with word D C{
Si : — -~J : - ".salt" engraved *« if- s %
|. $2.25 Curtains, $1.69. /9 C^ |
J» On'v 100 pairs of these h»nd3cm» Lace WtaSA 5
t£ Cortains, eem an whi'e five good pat J rS y Cloths ISOv^fc* ]|L &
J .tcris er.tir,iynaw de 3 i ga ; thevare H3nd3 f m , WQ . k a!1 . L^^ J
tt very heavy cnrtam;.3Jloa«Kdmhep linen Tra / or C »rvmg 5S>^ X
g F4 or D8 inches wide, worth $2-2o per Un ,, J .5
X pair; .ale price Tue3iay ly de , ig ... ea9vfir ctchJrg or em . J
15 only : ir.-d^ry. s:zo 13x^4 inches; -„ Jt
j •£ ' special to-day, each * m MOG -J
5 75c Music jl> j — i 1 <f
I J- Stands, 5 3a M^JJ^ Men's Suspsnders, 29 o %
!Jf These b'ack ma-nelei ;V.:; J The manufacturers had a lot of remnants j{
•!* p « r^ ; n cr vin<.if ¦ ' * left over from Ia3t season, aid made «
t Fo] d mg Music . tbem np . nto thi9 . ot cf Soapea , er3> J
»; Stands, that a'.way3 about 50 patterns, mt a pair bnt what .%
K sell regnluly a* _ - is worth 'wice a? much as to- o •*
tf 75c each, will bj day's special price C
J placed onsae in ', >k Anothor Lot, n-»t quite so fine as J«
Music Deparlm?nt A~" *^^\--" . above, but t;ood, serviceable Sa»- «J
? to-day - 4 \ -penderv, special to-day only, m*m \
J only, at.. 53C \-- per pair .-. ISC'*
ADVERTISEMENTaL • • . . _
WORTH A KING'S RANSOM.
f-^^\^^m J"^-^'^^ Mrs. Co!. E. J. Greaham, Treas-
•v<^)^ — urer Daughters of the Confed-
' — '^--'¦"'"^ "^<y^1>f^ "nC™^ eracy,- and President Hernden
* /r -^fj // Village Improvement Society,
\vrites*the fo lowing letter from
Hernden, Fairfax County, Va::
"^^^^^M^W^^m^. Hernden, Va.
_^<^SJ^ J$£j$y The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
''^fj^^lr^^^^^^^ Gentlemen — "I cannot speak
.^¦^p v *Pj^£^^_l5^ t0 ° highly of the vaiue of Peruna.
-^^sassssss^^^-i^ \ s^Z^ m *' I believe that I owe mv life to its
'von-erful merits. 1 suffered with
catarrh of the head and lungs in its worst form, until the doctors
fairlv me up, and I despaired of ever getting well again.
"I noticed your advertisement and the spendid testimonials given
by people who had been cured by Peruna, and determined to try a
bottle. I felt but' little better, but used a second and a third fcottle.
anJ kept on improving slowiy.
"// took six boitles io cure me, J>ut they were worth a King's ransom
to me. i talk Peruna to all my friends and am a true believer in its
worth." Mrs. Col. E. J. G res ham.
Thousands of wcmen owe their lives to Perun3. Tens of thou-
sands owe their health to Peruna. .Hundreds of thousands are praising
Peruni in every State in the Union. We have on file a great rhulti-
tuJe of letters with written permission for use in public print, which
can never be u^ed for want of space.
• Address Trie -Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, O:, for a book
written especially for women, instructively illustrated, entitled
"Health and Beauty." S?n f free to women. * .'Hot air has at lastbeen given a definite commercial
value incurrent market' reports." A Los'Angeles man
wants to give William • Jennings Bryan $2000 for a
two: hours';: talk.;,,. . . "..' .;...:.::., '"
The Oakland swain, who i mourns that he has ¦been
jilted; for a'.man much poorer in the world's "goods
than he, maylive long enough to know that.love is
one of those ' commodities which . money can't buy. 1 -.7 .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. , •
• Sergeant— Shall I detail an officer in citi
zen's clothes? • ' •
Captain— It won't do to have bis identity
suspected. Better detail, an offlcer with
citizen's manners, to make assurance dou
bly sure.— Detroit Journal. - ,
' Many petty trade-mark pirates trad* on repu
tation o«T>R. SIEOERT-S.Ansroatura Bl;i-rs.
unequalled South American tonic. Refuse Vml
tatio.n."3fBS68BM53HHPWBaS
Dr. Sanf ord's Idrsr Invigorator.
. Th« best liver medicine. A vegetable cur« far
liver Ills, biliousness, indigestion, con»tt»»Uoa *
Callfornlans are In New'York: From San
Francisco— Mrs. * Birdy : is at the Imperial,
A. P. Cole ¦ and wife are ¦ at the . Broadway
Central , Miss '. Coleman and G. E/.°oleman
and wife < are at the ; St. ¦ Denis, C. L."
Dauchert'ls at the' Grand Union.. Mrs. M.
S. : Enjersoni E." F. ¦ Frazier ana J. L». Fra
zier are' at "the Imperial,' F/>T. • Hoyt and
wife are at the Crand Union,. W. J.
Holmes is at the Albemarle, R. H. John
son- and ¦ wife : are at ' the ' Holland, S." G.
Krondeangle is-, at'. the Herald Square." R.
Lederer is at the Union Square, H. R. Lip
mari and VW. ¦ Mackle are " at the Herald
Square, A. ,C. V McBean ls:at the Conti
nental) M. R. ¦ Mead Is at the Holland , D.
Neustadter 'and wife . are at \ the Nether
lands B.N.'Ricketts is at the Normandie,
Dr.: B. 'C.v Roesche . and 7 wife' are at the
/Victoria," J.C. Siegfried Is 'at the Holland,
G. B.vSwoelfegren and wife are; at the
Park Avenue, C. F. Fay ' is" at .i the Hol
land^ ; ; x -^
- "From Los Angeles — R. E.-Ross is at the
Holland;- *' ¦ ¦ •; V • • ,
i " Frohi ;• Napa— Mrs: Decartera is at the
Broadway .[Central. '¦'.¦
CA LIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Oct." 29.— The following
¦ ¦ . . • . •¦.. -. — . :> . ¦ - \
~~ • ' . ¦ ' ' ' '
GOOD reports come from the Second Congres
sional District concerning the prospects of
the campaign. The district has beeri*a* doubt
ful one in the past,and the Republican's- 'recognized
that fact when selecting a candidate to make the con
test. In nominating Samuel D. Woods they chose a
man whose personal strength and popularity have been
material factors in the contest. Thepeople know, his
ability, his fidelity and his. earnest patriotism. They
are aware he will.be in the fullest, sense of the word
a "representative" of all their local interests and of
their, sentiments concerning great national issues.
Consequently he-will receive not only the Republican
but the independent vote, and all demonstrations of
the campaign give promise of his election by anjjover
whelming majority.
The election of. Mr. Woods will be avbenefit 'not
to his district only but to the whole State. Califor
nia needs such 'men to represent her in Congress and
uphold her interests there. Even more -than, in, for-.
ir,er years does she need such men now. The open^
ing of the great ruarkt-is of the Orient will afford to
California a thousand opportunities to' develop her
industries and expand her commerce. To. fully profit
by those grand opportunities, however, there will be
required. the aid. of governmental direction and super
vision. We will need protection for our industries;
and fo.r the expansion of our commerce we will need
the improvement; of our rivers and_ harbors and the
upbuilding of an American merchant marine far sur
passing that^. which/ now exists. *To '., achieve
those -lueedsVv we .•; must have at Washington
progressive '^men/-. I: would be ; an act of tti
grossest ;f6lly ..^to," turn the House of Representa
tives over to : the Democratic party, or even, for a
single'district having the opportunity to elect a-wide
awake, liberal man in sympathy with the administra
tion to turn aside ''from him and- send; to * Washing
ton a man. who will .be able to-do' nothing except to'
protest and to fight against everything- the*adminis
tration advocates.- . . *^V. *'*' T \^ •
Mr.> Woods will be-able' to render- great service to
THE FIGHT IN THE SECOND.
The people of the Mission are complaining that the
Board of Public Works is hopelessly bound in offi
cial red tape. And the Board of Public Works, in its
actions, replies that it is supremely unconcerned in
what the people of the Mission think. This is one
of the amenities of Phelanism.
Mrs. ;- Solomon Hlrsch and daughter of
Portland are at- the Occidental.' Mrs.
Hirsch. Is the wife of .the former United
States Minister to Turkey..
C. O. " Dunbar and ",wif e of Santa Rosa
are at the California. Mr. Dunbar is with
the Santa Rosa Democrat.
- John H.' Rathbone. a prominent sugar
man of Northern California, Is at the Oc
cidental,- having just returned from Al
bany, ;N.,Y. •
Gefrit Fort, assistant general passenger
agent, of the Union Pacific at Omaha, Is
at the Palace. ' . . '.
W. Scott Keywood- of Oil City and J.'L.
Chaddock of Fresno are at the California.
' Governor Henry T. Gage is at the
Palace., " • . •
Dr.VW. N. F. Sherman of Fresno Is at
the Occidental.
Colonel R. I- Peeler of Sacramento is
at the California.
Former Judge J. F.'Rooney of Sonora
is at the Occidental.
Loxiis E. Aubury, a Los Angeles .mining
man, is at. the Grand.
JB.de Jarpatt, a wealthy Colusa land
owner, Is at the Occidental.
' District Attorney A.- H. Asbley of Stock
ton is registered»at the Lick. /
' J. B? Hamilton, a Los Angeles lawyer,
is registered at the Occidental. . .
Bishop and Mrs. "W. H. Moreland of Sac
ramento, are "at" the Occidental.
Robert Struthers and wire of Christ
church, N. Z., are at the Occidental. -
PERSONAL MENTION.
PLANETS-G.Vw.-Ballarat. From the
changes (in the position/ of dusky spots on
the surface : 6f the *planet' ,Venus, which
have. frequently,: been noticed, it Is con
eluded that It revolves. on its axis Mar*
revolves on its; axis -In twenty-four hours
and «l h L rty * seven ; ml " u te». r and Its vears
are 6S7 days long. 1 Spots appear on JunUer
and remain -some time upSn its surfac/
by means. of , which its revolution on lfj
axis has been ascertained. N o sdq£« n
belts -have been ' discovered on the su?'
face of Uranus,, consequently its time of
unknown- " d V", PO8lUon of "VaxiTar"'
THE if ELECTORAL^ VOTE-W P
Greenwood.,, Elk Poetofflce.-Cal. The f<.r
lowing is the electoral vote of the Sta-^i"
as based on the latest apportionment !*«£?•
Alabama ....: U, Nevada j
A Srn.I" r - IS™ Hampshi™:::: '
California ...; 8 S*vr Jwaey.... ™
Colorado...... 4 New York " ' £
Connecticut-.... « N - Orth Caroling'"* ii
¦?SSSr.4:::-::::::- ? &£ h Dakot^ :: - : li
S la —"."•-"•'••" Oregon-:::::::::;:::: i
K.'~ • - ¦,* Pennsylvania .: S2
I?«lf° ••••¦•" - « 2 outh Carolina.. " *
ii™ a o :•" "•• "ISouth Dakota....... i
ansa »* 10 Tennessee 12
Kentucky :.:.: .13 r. n , . - ••••••••••• Jf
Maine . . .: ..-. ......... .6 Vermont-* .".VI I - 4
Maryland : ........... . t Virginia 12
Massachusetts ....... U Washington"; ."; " '.; : 4
Michigan .¦.:.:....„.-, 11 West Virginia e
M nnesota ........... .9 Wisconsin .f. : . C 13
Mississippi; ....:.... • J Wyoming ........... 1
Missouri •¦:..:..'... ;,v. rj •;. ••? V. - *
Montana :;-.:;.-.r:T.. •*; 3 . . Total ...... mt
Nebraska ....-.....;. / «.: : .. s > : ../ ., .""'
BREECH-LOADING GUNS-43 F p
Gelser. : Or. J The" Prussians, used a " few
breech-loading, tfannonln the war of lsw
with Denmark, generally' known. : as the
Schleswig-Holsteln The great ai
vantage of breech-loading small arms m"
military - operations' ¦ nrst became coiT
splcuous Irt.thar.w&r. The famous p r u" :
s an; needle gun, -with which the Prus
sian soldiers ; were armed, was used with
armed^nt" T lnSt tHe IeSS P° wer '«»y
A CHATTEL MORTQAGE-iSubscriber
City. The execution of a chattel 1 mort
gage, where the mortgagee assumes pos
eesslon, Is'm-actically the same as a bill
of sale and. need npt.be attended by any
solemnities; but where such - Instrument
la intended to be recorded, and. thus" af
ford constructive notice, " It -must be ac
knowledged " before- some ¦ officer emoow
ered by law to take acknowled^menTs^
THE SALMON-Subscrlber. Oakland
Cal.- The salmon after Its migration to
the sea passes a great portion of Its life
in It, though .under the necessity of
periodically ascending rivers, in which
the salmon that ascend to spawn some
times .remain during most of the winter.--
A TRUSTEE-^. O. N., City. A mar
ried man can be a trustee as well aa un
married men. But no one can be "a trus
tee for a fictitious person." The party
must be a trustee for a beneficiary.
•THE ICE TRUST-J. G. C. City. The
Ice trust of New York Is a Tammany Hall
trust, because the most prominent Tam
manyites have control of It.
COLORS-S.. City. Red signifies cour
age; ? whlte, integrity; blue, love and'fidel
ity; yellow, Inconstancy; green, jealousy
and purple, loyalty.
ANSWERS TO OOBEESPOITBENTS.
"Miss Anteek seems very much Inter
ested In that homely old musician"
-"Tes -She heard that he made over
tures quite frequently."— Philadelphia
Pre?3. 4MS8BHKch&
Grinkanv— I read that the Boers came
ripht up close to. within fifty yards of a
detachment of Lord Roberts' army the
other day. ~ '„ . "
Mrs. Grlnkam— Well, when they were
«<o close, why didn't the British tell them
that the war was practically over.-Puck.
"Mr Preshlelgh." saidthe business nan
to his clerk, "I wish you would take this
bill and try to collect It.*'
"No sooner said than dun. murmured
Mr. Freshleigh.— Philadelphia Record.
6h*e — I wonder why it Is that so many
old maids have fat bank accounts? .
He— probably, for lack of anything: else,
they husband their resources.— Broooklyn
Life. • ¦ . -' . ¦ I
She— Don't you think my chaperon Is de
lightful? . ¦ ¦¦--,-£ *->' ''
He (a war correspondent)— \ ery. There
is no "press censorship" about her.— Puck.
. • Mrs. '"Worldly— Tesv my dear, he Is hand
some; but what are his prospects for the
future? * "
Lovesick Daughter (frushlnfly)— Why,
mamma, he Is an evangellstr-amart Set.
1 "Dauber baa hit It at last; he's making
fame and money."
"How?"
"People have begun to notlca that he
paints smaller Rands and feet than any
other portrait artist In town."— Chicago
Record. * • :
. "Tes," said Miss Cayenne. "He Is un
doubtedly a cynic"
"What is your Idea of a cynic?"
*"He is a person who keeps you continu
ally in doubt whether he is unusually
clever or unusually disagreeable." — Wash
ington Star. ¦
Optician—I hope you find your glasses
satisfactory?
Customer— On the contrary, they mag
nify too much and I have brought them
back. ¦
Optician— Magnify? • .-'
Customer— "Xes. I got your bill for them
this mornlns-$25.— Ohio State Journal.
"That's a. bride and groom over at that
other table." -
"How do you knew?"
"I heard him say that he would order
Kansas corn, so that they could both eat
off the same cob»" — Detroit Free PT eas. •
mCHANCE TO SMILE.
In the heats of the closing week of the campaign
Some of the followers of tlie opponents of the ad
ministration maybe inclined to disptiif the justness of
the statements concerning our '^prosperity, 'but when
once the ballots have been cast and theWcitenient of
party strife is over all will recognize ;^their '} truth;
Then we shall unite in supporting; whoever" has been
elected by the people and .begin' making pVeparations
for the great festival, so that when the day o^ : Thanks
giving comes one and all will follow the¦recommenda
tions^ of : the President; who, -after- proclaiming
that we ' observe .it -"is a - day -of .thanksgiv
ing: and ;. praise to him who • hqlds rthe nations
in the hollow of.hishand," says: "I recommend' that
they'gather in their several places of worship and de
voutly/ give him . thanks for the prosperity , 'wherewith
he has endowed us,* for seedtime and for the harvest',
for the valor, devotion" and humanity of our armies
and navies, and for all his benefits to us as individuals
arid as a nation, and" that they humbly pray, for^ the
continuance of his - divine favor, for concord ; and
amity with other nations and for. righteousness arid
peace in all our ways." •
We can approach the' festival this year with even
more than usual thankfulness, for our -prosperity as
a nation and as individuals has.\been more abundant
than ever before. • As the President has said in his
proclamation: "Labor and the, industries or the peo
ple have prospered beyond all precedent. Our com
merce has spread over the world. Our power and in
fluence in the cause of- freedom. and enlightenment
have extended A over the distant seas. and lands. The.
lives of our official representatives and many of our
people in China have been .marvelously preserved.
We have been generally exempt from : pestilence and
other great calamities, and" even the, tragic visitation
which overwhelmed -the city of ; Galveston made evi
dent the sentiments of sympathy *and Christian charity
by virtue. of which we arc one united. people."
THE THANKSGIVING PROCLAMATION.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S proclamation of
our annual Thanksgiving day comes at an op
portune time. While the people are arraying
themselves for the election on Tuesday, and while
party passions are running high, it is well to have th^
thoughts of all recalled to.the .great .festival peculiar
to this country and shared-in by all classes, by which
we commemorate the blessings .that the year has
brought forth. ' - ' - -
A Marysville murderer is defending his crime on
the score of degeneracy, v He can have no reasonable
objection, therefore, to the justice of a verdict which
will bring degenerates within the pale of the law and
its penalties. '
THE STANFORD CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Editor Call — I have received very many Inquiries from different parts of
the State, asking me to explain the object of the proposed constitutional
amendment affecting Stanford University. The Interest seems to be so gen
eral that I think I ought to reply through the press. I therefore aak your
kind permission to state through your paper to those' Inquirers .'who may be
your readers, and to your readers generally, what the amendment Is and
.what is intended to bo accomplished by. it. . • ; ' ¦-./•"
This. amendment corrects any possible defects In the original founding of
the university. It authprlzes it to receive property by will; arid property
situated In other States and countries than California, and it places In the
hands of the Legislature the discretionary power to exempt personal prop
erty of the. university from all taxation, and real estate from State taxa
tion, but not from county and local taxation. • All this is in consideration for
free tuition to all students of California. ' '
' AS to these matters, the first two are -vitally Important. The original
enabling act was defective in several ways. In, other words; lt'is so drawn
as to prevent the university ' from accepting valuable estates in Australia,
and other valuable property now offered it by will. At present It can take
property by grant only, and that only when situated in California.
The taxation clause Is unobjectionable. Should • the amendment be
passed, it will still be entirely, within the discretion of the Legislature to de
cline to exempt any property whatever from taxation. By the terms of the
amendment, the Legislature Is not In any way permitted to exempt any real
property from county or local taxation outside of the county of Santa Clara,
where- the university buildings are .situated; and in Santa Clara County the
university would be content if the university buildings alone were exempted.
As to the. personal property, the object Is to give tha' Uegislature the discretion
to allow the university to invest 'its in better-paying securities than
Government bonds and other non-taxable securities. In case this permission
is not granted, the State would be ho richer in taxes, while the university
would have less income to devote to free education. The grant of the
founders of the university (and which grant Is confirmed by the amendment)
provides that all education shall be forever free.
The great object of the amendment is to conflrni the grants to the univer
sity and to render them forever absolutely se'eure. beyond the reach of
'doubt or even of litigation. In comparison with that, object the taxation
clause Binks into- insignificance. " DAVIt) S. JORDAN, President.
Stanford University, Oct. 29, 1900. ..
The laboring people of th|s country are too wise to
intrust their interests to a party. which is controlled
by the 'brand of hypocrisy which Hearst and Bryan
represent.
The Examiner programme is of interest only to
the ami~cxpnn?:cn supporters of Mr. Bryan, who have
before them the inspiring spectacle of Hearst's presi
dency of the National Association of Bryan Clubs and
!m*daily deprecation of. a Philippine policy which he
boasted. les< than two years ago, of having origin
ated and forced upon a. Republican administration. . r
As for Mr. Hearst, he is committed to the policy
of holding the Philippines by an army for which the
Filipino* must pay, and compelling the people to stay
where they are and not to come to the United States
z% all. To the exercise of the power to exclude them
we have no objection. .The Examiner said that such
power exists, and it is estopped now from raising a
campaign cry that there is danger of their coming.
The labor vote of the Northern States is indepen
dent and able to take care of itself, and is under, in
telligent leadership, which l<eeps it awake to its in
terests.
That this country has absolute power over immigra
tion, to forbid, restrict, select and regulate it, when
coming from Spain or elsewhere, there is no doubt.
That power is invoked daily at every immigrant
port.. \Ve exclude Chinesejaborers and will continue
to exclude them. Unless Japan voluntarily forbids
emigration of her laboring class to the United States,
we will also exclude them.
In answering the question the Examiner said there
was evidence' that the races in the Philippines would
not move" toward the United States because they h?.d
not done so heretofore, and added: "If they have
not been attracted hither in the past it may be doubted
whether they would be drawn here in the future. But
supposing that with their attention attracted to the
United States by the establishment of American rule
and American commerce among them, they should
begin to move in our direction, it will be just as much
in our power to prevent that movement if the isl
ands became ours as it will be if they remain the prop
erty of Spain."
In the midst of its self-congratulation and of it*
nagging at the President because it charged that he
had not the courage to take and hold those distant
island*, it was interrupted by a question as to the
migration to the United States of the races inhabiting
them. This question was pointed and proper. No
matter v.hat occurs in the internal or external policy
of this Government, the American wage scale must
be maintained. The etsenCe of our national strength
is iiv the "high reward paid to American labor. Our
workingmen of to-day are the independent operators
of to-morrow. Their thrift, temperance and industry
arc due to the feeling of a "sufficient wage for their
toil, and labor without that feeling is of little social
and civic benefit to any country.
7~*HE Examiner is excited lest nailing the flag to
the Philippines, for which it shrieked in 1898,
lead to an invasion of our labor market
from that source. Hearst's two papers were pioneers
in the expansion field.- .They did what they could to
generate public opinion in favor of that policy. The
Examiner nagged at President McKinley by charging
h:m with intending to drop the Philippines, and de
clared that they must be held permanently because
they were "treasure islands" and "it would pay" to
keep them. Admitting that they, must be garrisoned
with troops, the Examiner said that this would not
affect American taxpayers, for the cost would be prop
erly charged to the Filipinos themselves!
This imperial proposition was repeatedly upheld by
the Examiner, and that paper rather prided itself on
the copyright of a plan for pinning the Filipinos down
with an army and making them pay for the pin. „
ABOUT ASIATIC LABOR.
DISCUSSING the exposure The Call has made
of Dibble's career in the Legislature, . Town
Talk makes the strange " assertion: -"That
seems to be hardly a suffici«it reason upon which to
request the. deJjjat • of a" person seeking to represent
that district in the 'Legislature." ..It argues: "If
Henry C. Dibble is no worse than' the. people whose
support he seeks, it should appear " to be useless to
ask them to repudiate him." " /j. V7; '\
'Had the statement of Town Talk ended there -it
world . have been no more than a mere bit of .irony.
The "if" would have. saved the remark from condem
nation. The article gees on, however, to declare with
some positiveness that the district merits no better
representative' than that- crooked politician. It says :
"Mr. 'Dibble is well known to the people of the
Forty-first. District". He has represented them 1 more
than once. They have elected him and rerelected him.
They know him to'be a professional politician with a
reputation for a long reach: It must be generally
understood by them that hedoes not go to the Legis
lature in the interests of the people. There is not an
act in his whole political career 'which, savors of- a
burning desire to safeguard the interests of the public.
On the contrary, his record' is one of scandal, ancijli'e
has excited the admiration. of the/blacklegs of politics
by.his audacity in the teeth of exposure, and his ability
to earn enough in three months to keep'him for two
years. Yet he appears to enjoy the confidence, of the
voters of the Forty-first District. If he were not their
ideal representative they would not repeatedly send
him to the Legislature. The presumption must be tha^t
the Forty-first is a district of Dibbles, and that Henry
C. is a man after their own heart." . ¦ .
A statement of that kind is utterly uncalled for. The
residents and voters of the Forty-first Assembly Dis
trict are among the foi emost in San Francisco. They
represent the business,. the. culture and the morality
of the better elements of San Francisco life. The one
fault to be found with them is that in the phst they
have been more or less neglectful of their political
duties. They have not noted the career and the char
acter of candidates cis closely as they should have
done. Tlie Call has confidence that no considerable
number of the voters of that district have any alliance
or sympathy with crooked politicians. It is for that
reason The Call has directed their attention to Dib
ble's reputation in politics and pointed out some of the
notable features of it.
When the subject is fully considered it; will be seen
there is no justification whatever for the slur that
Town Talk has put upon the Forty-first District. As
well, might all New. York be condemned for the
shameless frauds committed by Tammany Hall, or a
3?rge part of San Francisco be denounced as a partner
of Kelly and. Crimmins. Crooked. schemers are not
easily kept out of politics, but experience proves that
when once public indignation has been aroused the
crooked one lias to hunt the slums and hide in obscur
ity for a timfl. That has been the record which shows
the rule in American politics, and The Call is conn
cent the vote in the Forty-first in this election will
prove no exception. to it.
AN UNDESERVED SLUR.
we did not admit to citizenship and
which, we governed I without their con
sent. I am satisfied that our new terri
tories will be given the benefit of our
constitution; that such of their population
as is fitted for citizenship will receive
it, and that when the territories shall be
come, fitted for statehood they will .be
taken .Into the Union. .Other Territories
of purs have become States under Just
such conditions and some of them have
been in. that condition for half a century
and still remain so. I do not believe the
American people have changed the -spirit
and genius of their Institutions nor that
they will do soJ . *-:.•.'.
Militarism Is a special piece of bun
combe that bears the stamp of Mr. Bry
an. He knows better and that there is no
-danger whatever of the liberties of Amer
icans being subverted by such of their
fellow-citizens as shall voluntarily enter
the army from a patriotic desire to serve
their country. It^ls bosh of the worst
sort. The Democratic party has always
believed in an army to uphold the honor
and authority of the country. I am not
going" to. desert such" good Democratic
ground to follow Mr. Bryan.
As a citizen of the State of California I
must refuse my assent to policies which
I consider inimical to the Interests of the
State. I cannot help also feeling an in
terest in the industry upon which the
prosperity of the entire Santa Clara Val
ley depends. * The growing trans-Pacific
commerce is something we should foster
and not seek , to repress. I see in Mr."
Bryan's election 'and the declarations of
the Kansas City platform a direct men
ace to the fruity industry Of California
and I am satisfied if majority of the fruit
growers of the State, take the same view
of it. ; ' ;; v " '
While I look.npon these more local in
terests merely as a !ocal citizen of my
State I base my chief objection to ths
candidate of the Democratic party and to
persons now. temporarily shaping the poU
cles of that party on :he broader ground
that they have departed from true Dem
ocratic policies and I find those policies
for the present, at least, belter represent
ed by the Republican than the Democratt
lc party. It Is with regret I break 'off a
party connection of many years in order
to • remain true to the principles I have
always held. C. T. MARTIN.
San Jose, October 28. 1900. .V -'
Our acquisition of new territory, or ex
pansion, has been under somewhat differ
ent conditions each time, yet the general
principle has remained the same and la
the same to-day. All our new territories
have had undesirable populations, which
Expansion has been -Democratic doctrine
ever since the days of Jefferson, who gave
us the greatest: expansion we ever had.
During' the -first fcentury of the nation's
existence; scarcely, a Democratic Presi
dent held office who did not in some way
emphasize the doctrlns of expansion and
made It a national policy. It is folly for
the Democrats to fight it now on pretend
ed differences of conditions.
Editor San' Francisco Call;- 3ryanlsm
Is disrupting the , Democratic • party and
the buncOmbe of the Nebraskan is driving
thousands of good '.Democrats into the
Republican party. The tendencies of the
Democratic party under the . influences
now controlling it are such that, although
a. lifelong Democrat and one : who has
stood stanchly by its platforms in the
past, I am compelled to oppof it in the
coming; election and so long as it may be
dominated by the forces that • now make
it untrue to genuine, Democracy. I sup
ported Mr. Bryan In 1806 as a loyal par
tisan, believing him to be a sincere man
and a genuine reformer, though somewhat
overzealous and possibly to extent dan
gerous.' Since then his. course has con
vinced me that he la more ': of a- dema
gogue* than a reformer and is" bent solely
upon his own ambitions. His picking up
of the issues of> imperialism' and militar
ism; after himself having urged the con
firmation of the Spanish treaty, and hav
ing been in the army and thus knowing
from personal experience how absurd his
talk '- of " militarism must be. Is enough
to prove his insincerity, even if he had
not put aside the money Issue, which h«
declared in 1896 would be forever the
burning question until it was settled right.
kA AYOR C. T. MARTIN of San Jose.
< lyl a lifelong Democrat, has come out
: l . I flatfooted for McKinley and Roose-
I 1 Welt and not only, will he vote for
l.vl the Republican standard-bearers,
but he is exercising his influence to secure
votes for- them. Mr. Martin Is one of the
most prominent ineo In the city- and has
large 1 property interests. Three- times he
has been elected Mayor, of the city. He
gives his reasons for his cnange of politi
cal faith in- the following statement:
The Chinese Six' Companies are" accused of .having
levied gigantic blackmail upon resident coolies.'Per
haps the Six Companies have- had- sufficient expe
rience to believe that blackmail is a game in which
two can play. . -
TUESDAY. ........ . .'. OCTOBER 30, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ;
Address All Communications to.W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S -OFFICE.". ...... Telephone Preii* 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE:.. Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press- 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS.... .217 to~Z21 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. '¦
Delivered hr Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies. 6 Cents.
Term* J»r Mall, Including; Postages
DAILY CALL (inducing Sunday), one year ......%%. 00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). < months. 1.00
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). S nipnth*. „ 1.50
DATLT CALLr-Ey Single Month.. 6Sc
t-UNDAY CALL. One Tear 1.50
WKKKLT CALL. One Year .' 1.00
All po»tma«tern are authorised to receive
subscription*. ", \
Sample eop!e« will be forwarded r-hen requested. '
• -• -.-. • . . •
Mail rcbecriber* In ordering chanr* of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKl.AVD OFFICE .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KnOG\ESS,
M»nt£er Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
fLor.r Pittance Telephone "Central 28U.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOX ......Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEX 11. SMITH. ......'. .30 Tribune Bntldlnr
NETW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brtntano. a Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. *j
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: ?
• Bfcennaa House; P. O. Kewi Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. «»
WaSHTJTGTOX CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., JT. W.
MORTON E. CRAMS, Correspondent. -
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until •:*> o'clock. S00 Hayes, open untU t:30 o'clock. 6S3
McAllister, open until S:S0 o'clock. £15 Larkln. open until
*:» o'clock. 1M1 Mission. optn until 10 o'clock. ESI Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-B«cond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN— The men
who gathered about Bryan are the ring
leaders and henchmen of the most shame
less bos3 system extant— men with whom
the decent element in New York's citi
zenship refuses to affiliate, and of whom
that same element lias been trying to
purge the city. The Democracy of New
York, upon which Bryan depends to gain
success for his ambitions, is a disgrace
to the country, but more so to the Dem
ocratic party, and Mr. Bryan's recogni
tion of that parcel of political rascals re
moves the Democracy of to-day as far
from that of former days as Is the begin
ning of time from its end-
UTICA PRESS— Foreign born citizens of
•the United States should not suffer them
selves to be like a Rock of sheep and jump
over this fence or that one because some
leader does. Maintaining and encourag
ing race feeling here ought not to be
Indulged In under any circumstances. Its
influence Is bound to be pernicious and
harmful. The elective franchise is an
American privilege and an American duty
and has no connection, direct or remote,
with former residence In any other coun
try.
NEW YORK TRJBUNE— Mr. Bryajn's
ability as a maker of epigrams was never
more perfectly displayed than when in
opening his fourth speech on Tuesday
night he expressed his thanks for the
entertainment and patronage which Mr.
Croker had given him with the phrase.
"Great la Tammany, and Croker la It3
prophet!" Great, indeed. Is Tammany,
and greater yet will It become If Mr.
Bryan is elected President; He ba» al
ready placed upon it the stamp of his
approval and accepted its prophet a« hi»
guide, philosopher and friend. . ¦ *¦; '».¦¦
BOSTON GLOBE— The wll* of tha
Queen, which disposes of her vast for
tune, has already been made, but its con
tents will never .be published to the peo
ple. It is a "state secret." According to
English law, the wills of royalty do not
have to be probated. After th» death of
Queen Victoria her will will be read in:
secret to the members of the royal fam
ily, and her subjects will never be al
lowed to know how she disposed of her
estate.
WASHINGTON STAR— It has been said
that hazing tended to develop the manli
ness of a boy, by shaming him of pecu
liarities. This plea has never been ac
cepted by the opponents of tha practice,
who have urged, with reason, that thtj
strongest appeal hazing could make to a
boy was to hf3 spirit of vengeance and
class superiority. It Is a custom tha
passing of which will evoke but few re
grets.
CHICAGO TRIBUNE — While the Dem
ocratic party is momentarily insane the
majority of the voters are not. They have
defeated once the crank candidate of a
political organization and they Intend do
ing so again. The- American people have
not always put their ablest men In the
Presidential chair, but they never have
put a crank: there and never will.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT— In
1900 every patriotic American should use
all his endeavors to put the majority In
the Electoral College so far above the 100
mark that no party in the United States
will ever again dare to Insult and dis
credit the American people by nominating
a candidate pledged to a policy of national
disaster and dishonor.
NEW YORK HERALD— It Is a. most ep
portune moment for th« United States to
open a way out of the difficulty that
should be acceptable to all the powers
and can hardly fail to reach. a settlement
advantageous to them as well as to China.
Th'3 way la arbitration In accordance
with the principles and procedure of The
Hague Conference.
MILWAUKEE WISCONSIN— This South
African, difficulty illustrates anew the
need of an adequate merchant marine,
and. It will stimulate effort In the direc
tion of an Increase in American tonnage.
The merchant marine must be developed
in harmony with the tremendous develop
ment in mercantile and manufacturing
industries.
CHICAGO TRIBUNE— In any event, the
Boer war is over, whatever the few scat
tered bands of burghers still under anna
may do. But it will be many years be
fore, the country is thoroughly pacified,
and there will be need of strong British
garrisons In the meantime.
. CHICAGO RECORI>— It may well be
questioned whether Tammany's exuberant
demonstrations on behalf of Mr. Bryan
are not destined to hurt his candidacy se
riously In the country at large, however
they may affect him In the city of New
York.
WASHINGTON STAR— Mr. Bryan must
make some allowances for the fact that
New York has a way of getting enthu
siastic all of a sudden and of getting over
it Just as quickly.
Views of the Press
.on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
AS the clouds alternately gather arid clear over
the Chinese situation, there is a" call to . the
Christian sentiment of the Western nations.
Most of these nations have put Christianity fore
most among the reasons in which they urge their right
to piece and partition China for their own benefit.
The 'United States alone has. maintained an attitude of
dignity and justice, and. President McKinley has stood
inflexibly for equity in the settlement of the afflicting'
issues that have grown out of the Boxer revolt.
The Chinese trouble is strictly of missionary origin.
By this we mean that the presence of Christian mis
sionaries in the Middle Kingdom has caused the out
break. The reason of this is that the introduction oi
Christianity at all to the masses of China requires the
destruction of the Confucian system of ancestor wor
ship, upon which the entire civil polity of that Govern
ment is founded. It will be seen that Christianity, un
like Buddhism and Mahometanism, of necessity stands
for the overthrow of the political, state and civil insti
tutions of China. Neither Buddhism nor Mahomet
anism makes such an attack. The essence of those
two systems does not antagonize ancestor worship nor
any other teaching of the Confucian philosophy.
Each has been found capable of harmonizing with that
philosophy, and for this reason their introduction '.into
China has not been opposed, and has produced no
commotion. They do not fight each other. . Each ad
mits the merits of the other, and they have spread ex
tensively throughout the empire.
But, when this statement of fact is^made, it is an
swered by the treaty made with China in i860, after
the soldiers of France and England had looted Peking
and burned the summer palace. That treaty specific
ally permits French missionaries to buy or rent.mis
sionary compounds in the Middle Kingdom, and to
introduce Christianity there, and, under the "favored
nation clause,"- this right has been claimed and en
joyed by all the missionaries of the Western nations.
Pleading this treaty puts China in the -.wrong. It
makes it appear that that empire deliberately con
sented to missionary privileges and Christian propa
ganda in the Middle Kingdom, and, having. consented,
must abide by all the consequences. This view is held
by American missionaries generally. t It was behind
the recent savage expression of one of them who
attacked President McKinley for his policy of equity,
and declared that American missionaries indorsed the
highly bloody declarations of the Emperor of Ger
many and preferred his policy to that of the President
of this republic.
But against this view may well be urged not only
the circumstances of duress under which the treaty
of i860 was forced "upon China; but certain known
facts as to the treaty itself. It is published, and not
denied, that the Middle Kingdom missionary clause
of that treaty was not in the original instrument as
agreed upon by China and submitted for ratification.
That clause is a» forgery, interpolated by a French
missionary who was employed to cross-translate the
document. China supposed that the original instru-'
ment, void of such clause, was being ratified, but
after ratification discovered the forgery when it was
too late for rectification.
No denial of this charge has been made. The fact
of the forgery is within the knowledge of Europeans
as well as of Chinese. It has been known to the let
tered and diplomatic classes in China. It was discov
ered when Western missionaries began to push into
the Middle Kingdom with the cross in one hand and
a. forgery jn the other."
Looked at from the standpoint of Western morality
and ethics, it is at once apparent that this forgery
nullified all the professions of Christianity and made
it, to intelligent men, a false pretense and a fraud.
Forgery is a crime. It is under the moral condemna
tion of all systems of religion and philosophy. If this
special instance of the offense had been nlade to cloak
only commercial pretensions and enterprise;'the teach
ers of Christianity would have been the first to de
nounce it. If it is known now to them and they not
only stand silent but push the advantage which it
gives them, how can they escape the same condem
nation which would be due to the merchant and trader
under the same circumstances?
In the light of this revelation the diplomacy of
President McKinley and the attitude of this Govern
ment are to the highest degree commendable. They
deserve the instant indorsement of all who call them
selves Christians. The religion of Calvary cannot be
propagated by. the sword, as too many of its mistaken
professors contend, and surely: it cannot avail itseif
of any advantage that may come either from a treaty
made under duress or from one. that has been sophis
ticated by forgery. :;;C. . :* : .i :j
CHRISTIAN DUTY TO CHINA.
his constituents, because at the national capital he will
b*- in sympathy with the powers in control' of the Gov
ernment. Nor 1 can it. be doubted that such service
will be rendered fully and faithfully. : .He has lived in
the district for many years. He' has been*irt all 1 parts
of it. He has been a sharer in its industries and in its
growth. He knows the people of ,the district and 'is
familiar with their interests and their aspirations. He
.will; be a representative to be proud of and " to
count on. • t " -• , '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1900.
) WASHINGTON. Oct. 29.— H. IV Mc-
Pherson :. and iwlf e and ' A. r _ E. ; Magill are
at [the* St. -. James ; * Mrs." ; S. .V.*, Mooney la
at . the . Ebbltt. all ; of ; San ; Francisco. 'J... V
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
The local merchant who is. charged with having
indulged his amorous, inclinations to the extent of
writing 500. "burning" letters^ probably thinks that a
little spontaneous, combustion, in the epistles would
do him a jrrcatdealcf good' - •
6
SAN JOSE DEMOCRATIC MAYRR
JOINS PARTY OF PROSPERITY.
Dissatisfied With Bryan and His Buncombe,
and Now Working for Republican Votes.
Fischer" »— Vaurterille.
Ehennan-Clay Hall — Piano Redtart.
Pherman-Clay Kail— Piano Recital, Thursday night, NV
bember 1.
iiutro Paths— Open nijrhts.
Alfaambra— "Kins of the Opium Ring."
California— "For Her Sake."
California— Piano Recital. Wednesday, October SL
OrffceuiT! — Vaudertlle." ;>- '•"'
Oraad Opera-house — "Secret Service."
Grand Opera-house — Maurice Gran Opera Company, Jloa-
cay ei-enlnt, November 12. ,..^ ;•¦,;..
Alcazar— "Korthern Lights."
Columbia— "Oliver Goldsmith."
Tivoli — "Carmen."
Olyzspia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties."
Cbutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
erenlE*.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By Palo Alto Ftables-This day. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 320
O - barren street.Gerald Scott Will , Spend
Next Two Years in
Alcatraz Prison.
HEAVY SENTENCE
FOR SOLDIER WHO
ROBS COMRADES
Over Sl.000.000 worth of diamonds are
annually stolen from the South African
mines.
He Shot the Shark.
Offlcer Ingham of the harbor police
proved himself an excellent shot yester
day. An eight-foot shark has been haunt
ing the docks in the vicinity of Main and
Besle streets for a week past and sailors
who have to ri»ad for those wharves were
tcarM. Irgham's attention was drawn
to the brute yesterday afternoon and
drawing his gun he waited for it to show
Its hffid. He put a bullet through its eye
the first shot and Mr. Shark is now on
exhibition at Main-street wharf.
KIDNAPING OF
MILDRED GRAY
CAUSES EXPOSE
Troubles Between Contractor
and His Former Wife
Grow Apace.
She Charges Him "With Having In
structed Keeper of Her I>eceased
Mother's House to Annoy
and Injure Her.
v. € T 8 t cutioa ' abus ® and Paying of
hired hands to maliciously molest and
annoy her has now. on top of the accusa
tion of kldnaplns. been charged against
George F. Gray, a member of tbe con
tracting firm of Gray Brothers, by his
former wife, Margaret E. Gray. The seiz
ing aad carrying away of little Mildred
oray by the accused contractor Sunday
afternoon was the outgrowth of the old
domestic discord between the child's par
ents. The other charges are resultant
from the alleged methods employed by
Mr. Gray in handling the estate of Mrs.
Gray* deceased mother. Millie H. Web
ster. Though Mrs. Gray had secured tt
divorce from George F. Gray on the
.round of cruelty prior to the execution
of Mrs. Webster's will, in which Mr«.
oray and her children were bequeatntd
an e*tata valued at $50,000, it is apparent
that the testatrix retained her confidence
in her former son-in-law, for she named
fcim executor of the Instrument:
This fact has added further complica
tions to the trouble between Mr. and Mrs.
Gray and promises to be productive of
sensational disclosures when the case
reaches the courts for hearing. The will
of the deceased bears date of October 11,
1900, having been executed live days befora
her death. In the will a life allowance
of 525 a month Is devised decedent's sis
ter. Elizabeth Cuthbert. and the residue
of the estate la bequeathed in equal shares
to Mrs. Gray and her children, Mildred
and Harry Webster Gray. Though Mr.
and Mrs. Gray had been divorced about
two years Mrs. Webster named Mr. Gr*ty
as executor of her will. Upon Mrs. Web
eter'B death Gray immediately applied tor
Eptcial letters of administration upon her
estate, which were granted. Mrs. Giay
now accuses him w:th having exercised
iiis authority n_s executor of her mother's
¦will to persecute and abuse her and she
demands that he be removed and that
letters of administration upon her dead
mother's estate be issued to her forth
with.
In her petition tor special letters of ad
ministration Mrs. Gray says:
"Ever since the divorce from George F.
Gray your petitioner has not been on
speaking term* with him and George K.
Gray has done everything in his power
to annoy, molest and injure your peti
tioner."
Regarding the conduct of Mary L. Cur
ley, who keeps the boarding-house at 11*1
Pine street, which Mrs. WoCol?r owned
and conducted up to the time of her laat
Illness, Mrs. Gray says:
"Mrs. Curley has usurped possession of
the boarding-house and of all the personal
property therein contained, and «he has.
Fince the death of the decedent and prior
to the appointment of George F. Gray 4s
special administrator, illegally collected
rents from the boarders there and is now
carrying on the boarding-house in de
cedent's place- and the is unduly exercis
ing acts of authority in and abou; the
house and property and she refuses to
furnish to your petitioner and her chil
rire:i any food or provision* and is com
pelling petitioner and her children to go
out of the house for their food.
"Mar;' L. Curley Is now doing so under
the guidance and instructions of George
F. Gray, although 199S Pine 6treet was
and is the home and residence of your
petitioner and her children.
"Since the death of petitioner's mother
Mary Lj. Curley has assaulted and used
bodily violence to your petitioner. She
fc'.zod your petitioner by the throat,
threatened to throw her out of the house
and furthermore scratched your petitioner
and would have done additional physical
violence but for the interference of other
parties."
Mrs. Gray further allesres that all the
acts of her former husband, as special
administrator, have been antagonistic tc
her. Private papers and valuable per
sonal property belonging to Mrs. Web
ster. she avers, have be«n taken and con
cealed by Mr. Gray and M-ary I*. Curley.
After the kidnaping of Mildred Gray by
her father Chief of Police Sullivan sug
g-ested to Mrs. Gray that Bhe apply for
relief to Judge Belcher, who had awarded
her the child's custody. Mrs. Gray took
no action yesterday, however, but before
the week is over not only her action to
recover possession of her daughter, but
the prosecution of her proceeding to gain
control of her mother's estate will be m
full blast before Superior Judges Belcher
and Troutt. Judge Belcher will adjudicate
the kidnaping proceedings and Judg-
Troutt will settle the difficulties over tEe
estate.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
A mass meeting will be held to-night
in Odd Fellows' Hall, under the auspices
of the ministers of this city, to protest
against the pool-selling amendment to be
voted on at the coming election. Promi
nent speakers will address the meeting.
Anti-Poolselling Mass Sleeting.
CAPTAIN E. S. MORINE
DIES AT SANTTABHTM
Well-Known Master in Coastwise
Trade Contracts Illness While
Frozen In on Yukon.
Captain Edgar S. Morine, who died at
the Homeopathic Sanitarium, 2110 Central
avenue, last Sunday night, had been as
sociated with coastwise vessels for several
years. A native of Port Medway, Xova
Scotia, he- early sought a maritime life,
and at 21 passed the British Board of
Trade and became qualified to command
sailing and steam vessels. He became a
citizen of the United States in 1888 and
brought the ship General McClellan to
this port in 1SS3.
Captain Morine was well known in lum
ber circles on this coast and for many
years was engaged on the vessels of the
Simpson Lumber Company of this city and
the Victoria Lumber and Manufacturing
Company of British Columbia. During the
first j?old 4 excitement in Alaska he com
manded roe steamer Yukoner and passed
one winter frozen In on the river. It was
during this period tha.t the symptoms of
the malady that ended his life first ap
peared.- At Nome Captain Morine was
engaged in managing the interests of the
Nome Beach Lighterage and Transporta
tion Company, the stock of which Is
owned principally in this city.
Captain Morine was a prominent Mason,
a member of Mission Lodge No. 169, and
had been an Odd Fellow for many years,
being a member of West Lynn (Mass.)
Lodge No. 63. The funeral will take place
at 2 p. m. to-morrow and is to be con*
ducted by the Masonic order.
AFTER being in continuous service
for thirty-two years and on the
eve of completing her 1717th voy
age the old steamer Gipsy came
to grief on the bar late Sunday
night. It was blowing hard and suddenly
a big sea struck the steamer on the port
bow and a . few seconds later another
roller swept over- the "stern. All kinds of
damage was done and -.some ropes coiled
on deck were swept overboard. TbeBe
swept aft and caught in the propeller and
the Gipsy was as helpless as a hulk in a
cross sea in a very few moments.
The Gipsy Is schooner rigged and with
what sail he could get on her Captain
Leland managed to clear the Seal Rocks.
Danger signal lights were then burned
and In response the tug Reliance went
out and towed the steamer Into port.
"We were on our way from Santa Crua
and when pretty well up a breaker from
the bar struck us on the port bow," said
Mate Richardson yesterday. "The sea
stove In three planks between the first and
second chain plates .and knocked the end
out of the deckhouse. The starboard rail
ing was carried away and almost every
thing movable on deck was washed over
board. Another roller pooped us and for
a few minutes it looked as though the old
Gipsy was gone. Ropes carried overboard
by the water got into the propeller and
we were helpless. Luckily, the tide was
ebb and with the sail we were able to
set we got as far as Point Pedro, where wo
anchored in eighteen fathoms of water.
The tug Reliance came along in answer to
our signals and towed us into port."
The Dulk of the Gipsy's cargo was lime
and some of the casks got wet. For a
time it looked as though "old perpetual
motion" would go up in smoke. Captain
Leland got the smoking barrels overboard
and the Gipsy was once more saved.
FIRST OF THE WHALEBS IN.
Old Bark Charles W. Morgan Arrives
From the Okhotsk Sea.
The whaling bark Charles TV. Morgan
arrived from the Okhotsk Sea yesterday
with 1400 barrels of sperm oil, 270 barrels
whale oil and 3000 pounds of whalebone.
She had a very uneventful trip and only
spoke one other vessel of the fleet. The;
latter vessel was the California and en
September 9 she had 200 barrels of sperm
and 270 barrels of whale oil and 3000
pounds of whalebone. The work of get
ting the Morgan ready for another cruise
will begin at once.
Water Front Notes.
The American bark Alex McNeil has ar
rived at Freemantle, Aus.. and the hearts
of the reinsurance gamblers are corre
spondingly glad. She was out 178 days
from Port Blakeley for Freemantle and
50 per cent to reinsure risks was being
made by the underwriters..
The McNeil was caught in a storm and
hart her rudder head damaged. Part of
her deck load was also carried away.
The British ship Cortez arrived from
Antwerp yesterday after a run of 152 days,
¦while the British ship Sllberhorn took 170
days to come from Hull, via South Shields,
145 days.
The following notices to mariners have
been issued by the Lighthouse Board:
Lime Point Light Station. — Notice is hereby
given that on or about November 26, 1900, a
fixed white lens-lantern light will be estab
lished at this station, on the extremity of Lime
Point, northerly side of the entrance to San
Francisco Bay. The light will be located on the
southeasterly corner of the gallery of the fog
rlirnal house, and its focal plane win be about
19^i feet above mean hlBh water.
Angel Island Light Station— Notice is hereby
given that on or about November 2fi. 1900. a
fixed red lens-lantern light will be established
at this station, on the southwesterly extremity
of Angel Island, San Francisco Bay. The light
will be located on the southeasterly corner of
the fog-signal house, and its focal plane will be
about 34 feet above mean high water.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Atalanta loads' lumber on Puget Sound
for Callao, ownerf^account; the Naiad, salmon
at Victoria for Liverpool, 45s. prior to arrival;
the Pallas, lumber on Puget Sound for West
Coast, S. A., 62s 6d, prior to arrival.
targe Shipment of Canned Goods.
The British bark Strathdon cleared yesterday
for London with the following cargo, valued at
$338,653:
35,060 cs canned fruit, 100 cs canned . aspara
gup, 62,777 cs canned salmon, 15,000 gals wine,
6S78 ctls barley, 10,000 feet lumber dunnage.
A Cargo for ciipperton Islands.
The American schooner Una cleared Saturday
for CUpperton Islands and Panama with a
cargo valued at $3929, Including the following:
For Cllpperton Islands— 12 kegs sauce. 37 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 12 crs potatoes, ' 7 crs
.onions. 450 lbs beans, 6 bbls flour, 2 cs coal oil,
2 cs dry goods, 6 cs lemon Juice, 42 cs canned
goods. 500 lbs sugar, 4000 lbs rice, 400 lbs bread,
6 cs cocoa..
ForPanama— 204,673 feet lumber, 20 cs brooms.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamship Colon sailed' 1 yesterday for
New York, via Panama, with a general cargo,
valued at $101,717, manifested as follows: * For
Certral America, »34.0S6; Mexico. J8564; South
America, $1088; Panama, $2697; New York,:J35,
292. The following - were , the' principal ship
ments: *
For Central America— 6290 gals 35 cs beer, 90
reels barbed wire, 798 lbs 66 cs bread, 410. cs
coal . oil, 128 ¦ bbls cement. 36 cs ' canned goods,
4S cs drygoods, 4 cs drags. 10 kegs grapes, -911
pkgs groceries and provisions, -40 cs hardware,
1S20 feet lumber, -5365 lbs lard. . ?4 kegs white
It ad, 3 pkgs machinery, 29 cs 9 bbls oil, 11; cs
paint, 6 cs photo goods, , 1000' feet pipe, 695 crs
potatoes, 8 cs paper, 130 cs »oap, 1260 lbs soda-,
4 cs stationery, 1140 lbs sugar, 15.034 lbs tallow,
17 chests tea. 51 cs whisky, , 2C88 gals 20 cs wine.
| Mexico— 2*8 pkgs groceries and provisions. 870
sks vegetables, -l.es oil; 3406 lbs soda,' les dry
goods. 6 cs druga, - 96 pkgs machinery, 13 ca
hardware,' 200 car wheels. ¦¦>-.
Penama7-3 drums acid. 6 cs liquors, 627 gals
wine, 160 "cs salmon,' 250 lbs drle^ fruit, , 6 . cs
canned goods, 400 bbls flour, 100 f crs garlic, 100
crs onions, -10 crs 'potatoes.-- . ..
.For New-York— 45M ca ¦almon.' 117.461 »a!« 17
NEWPORT— Arrived Oct 29— 6chr Execlsior.
from Port Blakeley.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 29— Schr Monterey,
hence Oct 24.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco: stmr Despatch, for San/¦Fran
cisco; stmr Fulton, for San Francisco; schr
Beulah. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro; stmr South Coast, hence Oct
27: stmr Eureka, hence Oct 28.
NEW WHATCOM — Arrived Oct 29— Schr
Wing and Wing, from Port Clarence.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Acapulco,
for San Francisco.
; SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Oct 25— Schr W F
Wltzemann, hence Sept 27. Oct 2ft— Schr Ex
pansion, from Chemainus.
HAVRE— Arrived Oct 29— Br baric Ludgata,
from Oregon.
SOUTHAMPTON-Arrlved Oct H-Oer ihip
Peru, from Chemainua.
CARDIFF— Arrived Oct 2S— Br ship Achnaa
hle. from Tacoma. Oc> 29— Br baric Forthbank.
from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 28— Br ship Coptic,
hence Oct 10..
Sailed Oct I— Br ship Rathdown. for Portland,
and not San Francisco as before reported.
ENSENADA— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco, via San Pedro.
FREMANTLE-^Arrlved Oct 29— Bark Alex
McNeil, from Port Blakeley.
NANAIMO— Sailed Oct 27— Nor etmr Tltanla.
for San Francisco.
GIBRALTAR— Passed out- Oct 27— Aus stmr
Burma, for Manila.
FALMOUTH-Sailed Oct 27— Br ship Forth
bank, for Cardiff. '
SHANGHAI-Arrlved prior to Oct 27— Br stmr
Oak Branch, hence Sent 12.
SHARPNESS— Arrived Oct 26— Br ship In
dore. hence May 30.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 29— Br schr City of
San Diego, with 433 skins; Br schr Blbble, with
423 skins.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct J7— Br shio
Bardowle. hence June 6.
Sailed Oct 27 — Br ship John Cooke, for Ant
werp; Br ship Nile, for Blrkenhead.
Steamer Movements.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
KOBE— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Thyra, from
Portland, for Manila.
ST VINCENT— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Abydos.
from Fan Francisco, for Hamburg. .
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Pomeran
ian, from Montreal.
Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Sarmartlan.
BREMEN— Sailed Oct 2S— Stmr Prinz Regent
Lultpolil. for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Deutsch
land, from Hamburg and Southampton, for
New York.
NAPLES— Sailed . Oct 26— Stmr Ems. from
Genoa, for New Tork.
KUCHINOTZU- Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Carmar
theQshlre, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC. PORTS. ......
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Oct 29— Stmr
Ohio, - ; from ; Nome, for . Seattle; bark Coloma,
from St 1 Michael, v - •- »¦ ¦: .
*- Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Robert Dollar, from
Nome; schr Alcalde, from Nome. sasa?*WSB&w
SEATTLR-Arrived .Oct 28— Stmri City of
Seattle and Dolphin, from Alaska,
Arrived Oct 29^Stmr Ohio, from Nome; schr
Alcalde, from Nome; stmr Robert Dollar, from
Nome.- ; ' . .¦¦-;: ¦¦¦¦¦¦ " ¦ ' ¦¦.<¦'' -•¦ <:<;.,..¦
Sailed Oct 28— Br ship Palatlna. for Tatspma.
Oct 29— Stmr Humboldt, for San Francisco;
E*tmr Signal, for Portland. ¦= - ,. . r3S»w!*g
NOME— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr StPaul. for San
Francisco: stmrs Ellhu , Thomson and Senator,
for Seattle. • ijunup iipMiHinmBM
SOUTH BEND— Sailed. Oct *9-Schr North
Bead, for': Ban" Francisco.-
SPOKEN.
Sept 1,'- lit 3 S, Ion 27 W— Br ship Crown of
England, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Oct 14. lat 5 10 S. Ion 30 60 W— Ship Henry B
Hyde, from Honolulu, for New York.
Oct 17. Iat 27 67 N, Ion 132 36 W— Br ship Mor
ven, from Acapulco, • for Oregon; all well.
Aug 9, lat ' 64 40 S. Ion 63 40 .W— Ger ship
Brunshausen. from Hamburg, for Mazatlan.
. Per whaling bark Chas W Morgan— Sept 9, in
Ohkotsk Sea, whaling bark California, with
1200 bbls sperm and 270 bbls whale oil.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Oct i 2S-Br - ship Maxwell, from
Iquique." landed . at Dover 'to-day the crew of
Br bark Bretagne, from Antwerp for San Fran
cisco. : Crew was. picked up on Aug 16 after
abandoning vessel oft Cape Horn. Vessel had
lost rudder and all sails. ;' «3SSs|sp5«BI55WW3WB
VICTORIA. *B C— Br stmr Amur ' reports . Br
stmr Tees at ¦ Vancouver; leaking; struck ax
Kltkatlach. .
TELEGRAPHIC. .
POINT LOBOS, Oct 29, 10 p m— Weather
hazy ; ¦ wind NW. '. velocity ¦ 16 ; miles.
SAILED.
Monday, October 29.
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, Panama, etc.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, Ventura."
Stmx Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, Chemainus.
Br stmr Warfleld, Pattie, Chemainus.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson. ¦. Eureka.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, Eureka.
Br ship Port Patrick, McLellan, 153 days
from Liverpool.
Br ship Sllberhorn, Gibson, 170 days from
Hull, via South Shields 145 days.
Br ship Cortez, Hawken. 102 days from Ant
werp, t
Whaling bark Chas "W Morgan, Scullun, JO
days from Ahkotsk Sea.
Sclir Maggie C Russ, Kallenberg, U days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
.• Monday. October 29.
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, Panama; P M s
5 Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria: O R
6 N Co. /
Stmr Norman Isles, Pettersen. Comox; J D
Epreckels & Bros Co. :
Bark J D Peters, Townsend, Chemainus; Pa
cific Steam Whallnc Co.
t Bark St Katherlne, Saunders, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
Br bark Strathdon, 'Walker, London; G W
McNear.'
ARRIVED.
Monday, October 23.
Btmr W H Kruger, Krog, 89 hours from
Grays Harbor. -
Stmr Mlneola, David, 82 hours from Tacoma.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 13 hours from Fort
Bratg.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 26 hours from Moss
Landing.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, . 8% days from
Chemainus. • ,
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, 4 days
from Nanalmo.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 3ti days from
Coast. 1900. page 61.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
FRANCIS J. .HIGGINSOJ*.
Rear Admiral. U. S. Navy. Chairman.
Notice Is hereby given of the following
changes in the aids to navigation in this dis
trict, which afTects the List of Lights and Fog
Signals, Pacific Coast. 1900.
Beacon No. 3, post light. Columbia River,
page 24, No. 81. (List of Beacons and Buoys,
Pacific Coast, 1S0O, page 64.)-On October 25
this single pile beaoon, crowned with a triang
ular box. painted red. with figure "3" In white
on two sides, from which a fixed red light was
ahown, close to the edge of the sandbank on
the east Bide of the channel from Tongue Point
to Jim Crow Point, was carried away and the
light extinguished. The beacon and light will
be re-established as soon as practicable.
Umatllla reef light vessel No. 67, Coast of
Washington, page 32, No. 145. (List of Beacons
and Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1900, page t>3.)— On
October 23 this light vessel went adrift from
her station about 2Vi miles S. W.. »; S. from
Umatllla reef fFlattery rocks), making off from
Cape Alava, Washington, and about 4^j miles
west southwesterly from the cape. She is now
at Neah Bay, Washington, and will be re
placed as early as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse board.
¦W. P. DAT,
Commander, U. S. ¦ N.. Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland, Oregon, October 27, 1900.
Shipping Intelligence.
Notlc« is hereby given that the color of the
tower at this station, on the extreme westerly
point of North. Head, Cape Disappointment,
northerly Bide of the entrance to tbe Columbia
River, has been changed from stone-color to
white.
This notice affects the Last of Lights and Fog
Signals, Pacific Coast. 1900. page 30. No. 136.
and the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Notice tb Mariners.
NORTH HEADLIGHT STATION.
cs wine, 67 sks scrap leather. 11 kegs dry paint.
148 gals brandy, 60 bales c-attlo hair, 40 bales
rags, 263 bble asphaltum.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The eteamer City of Puebla sailed Sunday
for Victoria with the following cargo, valued
at $11,727, of which $500 was for Australia,
|2oOC for Manchester, N. H., and the balance
for Victoria.
For Victoria — 2 drums acid. 81 cs arms and
ammunition. 45 bdla building material. 381 cs
canned goods, 25 pkgs Chinese provisions, 350
lbs coffee, 21.569 lbs dried fruit, 2 cs drugs, 7 cs
drygroods, 1056 bxs fruit, 150 pkgs groceries and
provisions, S3 bdls Iron. 19 cs lemons, 2340 lbs
mlllstuffs, S1.050 lbs malt. 15 pkgs machinery.
300 tins matches, 84 crs onions. 36 cs paste, *5R8
pkgs raisins, 000 lbs sugar, 6 bdls spices, 33,000
lbs salt,' 34 crs vegetables, 8 reels wire, 3 crs
wagon material, 553 gals 2 cs wine.
For Australia— 3698 lbs hops.
For Manchester. X. H. — 346 cs salmon. <
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay.- Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent ¦¦
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve'¦ minutes -later . than at Fort' Point; tho
height of. tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In tbe : above 'exposition ' of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
band column and the successive tides ¦ of , the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day. tbe third time column the third tide. and
the last - or ; right hand column gives the last
tide t of the , day, except when there -, are ¦ but
three tides,' as sometimes occurs. ¦ The , heights
filven are - in ; addition I to : the . sounding : on . the
United ; States Coast -• Survey chart*. -. except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then tbe I number given is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts." The plane of refer
ence la th« mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMER GIPSY BEING SWEPT BY A BREAKER ON THE BAR. SOME ROPE GOT INTO HER PROPELLER
AND SHE DRIFTED WITH THE EBB TIDE DOWN THE COAST BEFORE A TUG CAME ALONG AND PICK
ED HER UP.
Mrs. Helen Saunders, alias Emerson,
alias Watson, stood at the entrance to the
Hall of Justice yesterday morning with
her purse in her hand, ready to settle with
the landladies she is alleged to have de
frauded, so as to prevent them appearing
against her in Judge Conlan's court. How
many 6h« settled with is not known, Mrs.
S. Bigler of S31 Chestnut street being tho
only one who admitted that she had been
paid. ¦ She received $17 60 for board and
lodging due since last May. ¦
Mrs. Saunders later appeared in Judge
Conlan's court on the charge of defraud
ing Mrs. Lizzie Kearns, 1401 Leavenworth
street, out of a month's board and lodg
ing for herself and daughter, a girl about
21 years of agol She was represented by
Attorney Hawkins. The front row of
seats In the courtroom was entirely oc
cupied by ladies, and . when Hawkins
asked for a continuance till Thursday and
the Judge asked all witnesses In the case
to stai'd up so that he could notify them
to return on that day the entire front row
arose, and one old gentleman with gray
whiskers stood up in the rear of the court
room.'-.
Among the witnesses was Mrs. Halght
of 1S13 Clinton avenue, Alameda. She kept
a "bearding house on Mason street, this
city, about ten years ago, and Mrs Saun
ders, who was then known as Mrs. Wat
son, and her daughter left without paying
their board b;ll of $iO. Mrs. Saunders was
at that time arrested- by Detectives Bee
and Ha'rper, b'it Mrs Hai^ht did not
prosecute the case. She owns property in
tan Rafael, but it is homestp.aded.
Mrs. Saunders, it se»ms has set her
neighbors in San Rafael to talking. eh°
having furnished what they look upon as
rood material for gossip. A dispatch
from there says:
"Mrs. Helen M. Saunders, the wealthy
woman of this city who has demanded u
jury trial In San Francisco on a charge
of defrauding an innkeeper, is well known
here. After two days patient waiting
at the postoffice Constable George Agnow
last Friday served the warrant that
brought Mrs. Saunders to San Francisco.
The Saunders residence in tnis city has
long been a hard problem to the local
process servers. Standing in a grove of
tall trees, surrounded by hedges and ap
proached by paths covered with hea.vy
looee rock the place is impregnable and
interviewers and people who hare disa
greeable- papers to serve have learned
that to reach its interior is out of the
question.
"Humor has It that several constables
have camped night after night In the
shadow of the Saunders hedges in the
vain hope of placing a summons in tha
hand of Mrs. Saunders. A year or so ago
a constable after trying to effect a service
for more than a week procured a coal
cart and drove by the place in the even
ing. As he passed he managed to have
his horse become frightened and a sack
of coal was thrown out upon the side
walk. Xot appearing to notice his loes
he drove on for a distance, ¦when he
Jumped from the cart and ran back. After
waiting a few minutes he was able Lo
serve ilrs. Saunders with tho summons
In a Justice Court case.
Gossip Says Her House Is Barred
Against Constables and That
Supplies Are Hoisted
Through Windows.
Wealthy San Rafael Woman
* Faces Creditors in the
Police Court.
BOARDING-HOUSE
KEEPERS ACCUSE
WIDOW SAUNDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1900.
Swept Prom Stem to Stern by a Sea That Strikes Her on
the Port Bow and Washes Away Her Deckload.
Cargo of Lime Also Becomes Ignited.
OLD COAST STEAMER GIPSY
HAS A VERY CLOSE CALL
Two Deaths From Alcohol.
Louts F&gzn, a shoemaker at SOT Bryant
street, was found dead yesterday on tho
floor of his shop. He had been drinking: to
excess lately. He was a widower.
Nicolas Harder, a painter, ,43 years old.
died suddenly yesterday mo'rnlng in the
rear of 673 McAllister street. He had be«n
on a spree and was a widower.
Gerald Scott, private In the Eighth In
fantry, the story of whose escapades was
published in The Call some time ago. has
been court-martialed by .the board ap
pointed, found guilty and sentenced to be
dishonorably discharged from the service
and to be confined for two years *at Alca
traz. Scott's proper name is Qulgley, and
under that name he enlisted in the Sev
enth Artillery. He was invalided home
from Honolulu and became the protege of
a prominent member of the Red Cross So
ciety. She procured his discharge and
supplied him plentifully with money.
When his money gave out he returned to
the Presidio, enlisting under the name of
Scott in the Eighth Infantry. A few of
his former comrades recognized him and
gave him a bunk In their quarters. Ha
returned their kindness by robbing them,
but was caught before he disposed of all
the booty.
The recruits at the Presidio have been
organized into a battalion of three com
panies and will be sent to Manila on the
Sherman unc" .r command of Captain Dan
iel L. Anglum. Twelfth Infantry; First
Lieutenant Isaac A. Saxton. Twenty-third
Infantry, and Second Lieutenant Georga
A. Herbst, Twenty-third Infantry.
A shipment of 2S9 mules and two horses
arrived at the Presidio yesterday from St.
Asaph, Va. They -were cared for on the
trip by a party of £oung business men
from Middletown, N. Y., who offered their
cervices to the quartermaster and were
hired for the trip. Thejt report having a
Rood time en route, but say that the
¦wagres received from Uncle Sam will hard
ly pay their expenses, owing to the preva
lence of many unfortunate poker parties.
They will return in a Pullman Just to en-
Joy the contrast. The names of the ama
teur mule drivers are T. C. Rodgers, A.
M. Ambler. H. B. Royce and M. .Startup.
John P. Macee, private of Company M,
Thirteenth Infantry, died of dysentery
yesterday af the general hospital.
Major Charles Newbold, paymaster, re-«
ported at headquarters yesterday. He will
sail with his clerk on the Sherman, having
been assigned to duty in the Philippines.
Steals From Comrades Who Be
friended Him — Amateur Hula
Drivers Arrive at tlie
7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I -Pier.
Pomona ... Humboldt
Newburg ..Grays Harbor
G W Elder. Portland......
Bonlta Newport
Alanvda .. Australia — ..
XV. KruKtr. drays Harbor
North Fork Humboldt
Arcata .... Coos Bay......
Empire .... Coos Bay |
Santa Rosa|San Diego
Australia .ITahitl I
Alliance ...| Portland.. -....I
Walla W.. I Victoria.......
Czarina .. .(Seattle.. .......
Eureka .... Humboldt
Gaelic ..... China&Japan
Bsrgenhus . Chlna& Japan
Coos Bay.. Newport
Rainier '..:. Seattle.......:.
Columbia .. Portland
Corona ..... San Dieso
Pt. . Arena.. Point Arena..
Oct. 30. 2 pm
Oct. 30, S pm
Oct. 30. n am
Oct. 30. 9 am
Oct. 31, 9 pm
Oct. 31, 5 pm
Oct. 31, 9 am
Oct. 31. 12 m
Oct. 31, 4 pm
Nbv. 1. H am
¦Nov. 1. 6 pm
)Nov. t, ....
Nov. 2. 11 am
Nov. 2, 10 am
Nov. 2, 9 am
Nov. 3. 1 pm
Nov. 3. 10 am
Nov. 3, 9 am
Nov. 3, ......
Nov. 4. 11 am
Nov. 5, 11 am
Nov. 8. 2 pm|
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier H
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 3
Pier 10
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 20
Pier 9
Pier 8
Pier 2
PMS9
PiT 27
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 2
TUESD AT. OCTOBER 30.
Pun rises...............
Sun sets.....
Mcon rets..............
. y/.'.'.'.'.y.'.::^y.}iixii\
.6:3;
.5:H
O .' Time \ Time!
P . Ft.
o H W ¦;..;*. L W
16 .I. 6:16 4.7 10:20
U ... 6.03 4.9 11:36
1 ... 6:47 5.2 12:42
L W H W
2 ... 0:40 , 1.1 7:30
8 ... 1:33 1.4 8:10
4... 2:20 1.7 8:50
5 ... 8:06 2.0 9:29
! |TIme |Tlm«i
Ft. Ft;
H W 1* W
3.2 3:45 4.7 1(T:45
2.7 5:12 4.5 11:42
2.1 6:36 4.5 ..:...
L W H W
5.4 1:40 .1.4 7:50
5.7 2:28 0.7 9:00
6.0 3:18 0.0 10:00
8.2 4:06) 0.5 10:59
.Ft.
¦ 0.1
O.i
l'""
4.
4.
4.
r 4/
ADVEBTISETyrFTTTTSw
_vJj%^Afn_ju| Vi^lSt^ mm M asM jtt
SSCK HEADACHE
>*»«4ttvel7 cored tryUxmo
Uttle Pills.
Tlteyaborrilere Distress from Dyspeprt*,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
feet razady for Dizziness. Nansea, Drowsl-
ness, Bad Taste to tbe Mouth, Coated Tcngro.
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
RegxiLite the Bawds. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin, Small Dose.
> 6ma!! Pdce,'
?o*o«o+o+o«o*o*o*o«o«o+o#o<i
fVSCKY IS HEALTHFUL! I
% Hii **th rnedlclnal qt-aUttav O
o l^ft F°r Indication &ad \
o j^pPt Stomach Disorders, o
% $M$k So - called VICHY I
• ££==11 IN SIPHONS |
1 5HM vichyI
J §^0M Get *b° Genulna J
? _ ji.iiiji mu- . M .iUL M n.-jii o
o a. V 1CNIER, Distributing Aaent^
*TIV_OL1*
FOURTEENTH GRAND OPKRA. WEfflC
Th# Sensational Operatic Triumph.
"CARMEN"
TO-NIGHT. Thursday. Sunday Nicata. Satur-
day Marines.
COLLAMAKINI AS CARMTOT.
Rosso, Ferrari. N'lcolln!. Repetto. «tc
Wednesday. Friday. Saturday Nlihts,
"AID A."
BARBERESCHI. CASTE1XANO. 8ALASSA.
Z.UCENTI. POLETUn. SCHUSTER.
POPULAR PRICES — So and 50o
BEST SHOW. IN TOWN. BEST PEOPLE IN
VAUDEVILLE.
VOtiAN ANDLENHARB,PBELLE'S
TALKING DOGS, JOHNSON",
KIANO AITD BEJTTXEY, HOW-
ARD AND BLA2TD, GZORGE
EVANS,
LE3 FRASETTTES. "WORLD AXT> HAST-
INGS. BLANCHE RIN*O. UZ-
ZIE B. RATMONDt
Reserved seats. 25c; Balcony. lOo; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. V
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and: Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATEfEES SATURDAT AND SIETDAT.
ONI/T THIS WiCiSA-
Gtlette's Greatest at All American Ran,
SECRET SERVICE
T. DANIEL FRAWLET as LEWIS DUMONT.
Next Week-"NELL GWTNV OF DRURT
LA2IE."
EVENINO PRICES lOc. tSc. 23e. 6Oe
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 76c
MATINEE PRICES 10c. 15c 25c, 50o
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
ALF ELLINGHOPSE Pro?, and ilgr.
PHONE SOCTH 770.
I Our Capacity Is Being Tested to ths
Very Walls of This Big Theater. At
Every Performance People _ Turned
Away.
Seat Sal« Goes on With Great Rapidity.
THINKING N
OPIUM RING!
THE GREATEST SHOW OX EARTH.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Evenlsz 15c. 25c. 33c. 50c and 75o
Matinee 15c. 23c. 35c and 50c
Next— "A TOUNQ WIFE."
"GOOD MORNING!"
IT PLEASED PRES3 AND PUBLIC LAST
NIGHT.
THB ROMANTIC DRAMA.
NORTHERN
LIGHTS.
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
NEXT WEEK-"LOST PARADIflB."
SHERMAN, CLAY & C9/S HALL.
Direction S. H. FRIEDLANDER A CO.
SEATS NOW. ON SALE
At Sherman. Clay & Co-'s Music Store for
PIANO RECITALS BT THE WONDERFUL
CHILD ARTIST.
LITTLE ENID BRANDT.
Thursday NlKht....." Nov. 1st
Thursday Afternoon Nor. Sth
Saturday Afternoon Nov. Mtil
PRICES— gl. 75c. 5Oc.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HILL,
"23 SUITER STREET.
PIANO RECITAL
MRS. OSCAR MANSFELDT.
TUESDAY EVE.MIVG, OCT. 30.
CTOPW1?P»Q CONCERT HO.U5&.
AUesandrCV. Puerarl. Ovando and Vargma.
vocalists. Joe Hays and Lunette.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Matlne* Sunday.
Fourth act oj "ERNAN1!" -Face*. Txmaa^
I I
1 Ladfes'shoes |
•:" We intend to retain Lucke's |ifj
jt former customers by selling J_ja
£ the same high-grade shoes as |_*
£' he did, only at lower prices; If
:>' we intend that the low prices 7
J: will bring us many new cus- k
£ tomers; we have resolved to ft
jii sell our shoes at less than the t);
•:• usual retail prices for shoes of :j;
~_ like quality. • Sometimes this ¦•;
w difference is 50c on a pair of ;||
£ shoes and sometimes $1.00. ;|j
di! , L?-'
£• Above picture shows a $
$ lady's kid or calfskin shoe with ••:
'V: heavy extended soles, fash- j.%
¦:'¦ ionable toes, excellent wear ;!•
iji to be had from them, Rood to : .jj
;! wear with short rain skirts, jjj
w Price, ¦:£
1 $2.50 a pair. |
y . $
•? Misses' and children's lace i' : i
!•• or button shoes in kid or box |J
••I calf, very stylish, guaranteed jjj
1-\ to wear to your satisfaction — fl{
'•• a new pair free if they don't. :•:
•: sizes 6 to 8 $1.00 [jj
; ;i sizes 8*6 to 11 91.25 ;':|
v i : sizes 11 Yi to 2. ...$1.50 ;j;
;•: |\l*FCRMER!y LUCKS *1U •:;
•I: * 832 MARKET ST..SF Ig
AMUSEMENTS.
No Half -Hearted Success Here!
Company and Play Fully Appreciated!
Every Nisht This Week— iTatlnee Saturday.
STUA'RT la Augustus Thomas'
ROBSON Com.d'Vrh.°nph.
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
WITH THIS MATCHLESS CAST:
John E. Henghaw. Stephen , Grattan. H. A.
Weaver. Sr., Beaumont Smith. Maude 'White"
Jeltreya Lewis, Ellen Mortimer. May Ten
Broeck and 20 others.
1 This "Week Only. Matinee Saturday.
The Melodramatic Success.
"F'OF* HER ».=**<.»=• '•
Next Sunday Afternoon— "WHOSE BABT ARE
YOU." .
J-SRECIAL. 1 ]
rO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT 3:13 O'CLOCK
FIRST DAMROSCH EXPLANATORY RE-
CITAL AT THB PIANO.
"DA8 RHEINGOX.D.".
Friday Afternoon, Nov. 2d.. "DIE WALKURE"
Monday Afternoon. Nov. 5th.. .."SIEGFRIED"
Wednesday Afternoon. Nov. 7th.:. ...'...
..-..;. .....•...¦.•..'... "GOTTERDAMMERUNG"
Prices— n 60, |i. Me
_______ _^_ _ _ ADVEBTISEMENTS. V;
PREVENTED BY CUTICURA SOAP.
¦ TRE ATM ENT. — Cleanse the fccalp and hair with warm shampoos of CrmcuiU.'
• Soap, rinse with warm water, dry carefully, and apply a light dressing of C cticuea,
purest of emollient 6kin cures, gently rubbed into the scalp. This simple, refresh-
ing, and inexpensive treatment will clear tho scalp and hair of crusts, scales, and
dandruff, soothe irritated and itching, surfaces, stimulate the hair follicles, supply
the roots with energy and nourishment, and make the hair grow upon a sweet,
•wholesome, and healthy scalp, when all else fails.
Millions of Women Use Ccticcba. Boat exclusively for beautifying tba tkia, for tba
rtoppla g of fallln rh*lr. tor softening and whitening red, rough hand*. In tbe form of bfctbi tor
aanorisff Irritation*, for too free or offensive perspiration, la tbe form of washes for ulceraUra
weakDf wee, for many sanative antiseptic purpose*, and for all tbe purpose* of tbe toilet, bath,
and nnrserr- Cttiouka Boat combines in Ox« So a r at Ok« Pbic«. vii, 23 Cuts, the best
tkin and complexion soap, and tne but toilet and baby soap In tbe world. "¦; '
roBPlFTE EXTTCIAL ISO imUU TKIiTIIIT FOB STBBT BCBOX, PKICX Sl.lt | Co»«UHm
of CcTtrcaA Boat (Uci, Cvricca.*. Owtmkkt IS* i, «nd ancru Bisoltebt («0e.). A Siwoli 1 Brr C
o^«BflWenttocnr*tbe»*Ter^<»«««ettortwir.c.dUflrttTinrhomor». Sold thrtmrhout u» woclA. Potts*
_j_r_________^___Mfc______________B_». * ' " "*"*" 4THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1900.
MORE CANDIDATES
FOR THE ASSEMBLY
Thomas J. Horan Should Win in the
Twenty-Ninth and John Butler
in the Thirty-Third.
THOMAS J. HORAN Is the nomine* of the Citizens' Republican party for
Assemblyman to represent the Twenty-ninth District. Mr. Hortn Is a
graduate of Sacred Heart College. He has acquired a reputation for in
tegrity and Industry and Is highly spoken of generally by his friends and
acquaintances in the district. He is employed In the freight department
of the Southern Pacific Company. Hta attention to the duties of his position com
mand's the respect of his employers. He deserves the support of the property
owners and other voters of the district ard Is a young man of Intelligence and
good habits. He does not depend on politics for a livelihood, and having means
of his own can afford to be Independent of the bosses.
Mr. Horan was also nominated by the Gaarin McN'ab Democratic Convention,
which met at Odd Fellows' Hall. " .f ; ;
Jeremiah F. Col!ln3 is the Kelly-Crimrr.ins nominee for Assemblyman la tho
Twenty-ninth. Kelly appointed tho delegates from that district to the B'nal
B'rith Hall convention. Th« boss observed the formality of patting up ballot
boxes for the pleasure of stuffing them, but the delegates were chosen before the
polls were open.
The Twenty-ninth District comprises that portion of the city bounded as fal
lows: Commencing at Market and Third streets, continuing thence along Market to
Fifth. Fifth to Bryant, Bryant to Third and Third to Market, the place oZ be
ginning.
JOHN BUTLER Is the Republican nominee for the Assembly In the Thirty
third District. He Is also Indorsed by tie Citizens' Republican Conven
tion. Mr. Butler was born In Ireland. Ha came to California twelve
. years ago. He has lived twelve years In the district which he seeks to rep
, resent In the Legislature. Ho worked one year on the water front and
four years as fireman in the sugar refinery. Seven years ago he went Into the
groeeVy business at Twenty-fourth and ¦ Bryant streets and has been engaged ta
that business ever since.
Mr. Butler has taken an active Interest In the affairs of the Thirty-third Dis
trict. This campaign, however, signals his first appearance as a candidate for
public office. His friends and neighbors speak of him In terms cf. respect and
predict that he" will make a fine record In the halls of legislation.
Eugene Sullivan. Democrat, won the district two years ago by a majority of
65. but then Sullivan did not have John Butler, for an adversary and this time Joha
Butler is not running aarainst one of the Sullivans. The opposing candidate In
this fight happens to be Joseph X. Strand «vf the Registrar's office, who received
his nomination from the Phelan-Fay combination of Democrats.
The Thirty-third District comprises that portion of San Francisco bounded as
follows: Commencing at Napa street and the bay. continuing thence along Xapa
to Twentieth. Twentieth to Howard. Howard to Army. Army to Preclta avenue
Freclta avenue to Colusa,. Colusa to San Bruno road, thence along the road to
the San Mateo County line, thence along the line to the bay and alon* the bay
shore to Xapa street, the place of beginning. ¦
The Technical Society of the Pad2c
Coast will meet In its rooms in the Acad
emy of Sciences building Friday nlt^t! V
paper on "Arbitration" will be read by G.
Alexander Wright and the secretary win
read a memoir on the late W. G. Cnrtls. .
Technical Society to Meet
Edward Foserty, a Mission lounger." has
evidently during the past week developed
a desire to become possessed of all the old
"skates" In the warm belt. His first ex
periment In this line was to Jump on the
back of one of G. A. Rutz's stale bred
mustangs and sell It In Hayes Valley,
where Detective Graham found It in a
coal man's yard. Fogerty's next mount
was obtained from the livery stable of
Sam Graham on Mission street and was
disposed of for 16 to a Mr. Sweitzer. For
this offense Officers M. McHugh and
George Farrell arrested Fogerty. His last
effort consisted In taking a mustang from
Fogerty's Peculiar Antics.
Powers stable and I selling It to Joe Enos
for C. For this offense he was arrested
by Detective Fitzgerald. Fogexty's plan
of becoming possessed t>t horses was to r»
to a Mvery stable and hire a "skate" and
then take it off and sell 1: for whatever 1
broughc He has three charrea of rrard
larceny as an ornament to his najae on
the prison register.
¦A new automobile has been Invented by
a Russian named Hutal ; Serkey. He has
discovered a new system ¦ of locomotion
based on the use of a certain kind of sail
the composition of." which- is as yet hia
secret. Two pounds of this talt placed in
the box of the automobile and subjected
to a certain heat forms a gas which put3
a cylinder in movement- The automobiles
that were tried in Moscow. produced tuo
best results. The Emperor . of RussU
who takes great interest In this inven
tion, intends to send Serky to Paris to
make known his secret. ¦-•¦ Th« ¦ Russian
press • is of opinion that it 'will cause > u
Jreat revolution In the . trade.— Lisbon O
•la. . .... :-
A New Motive Power.
Artesian Well Dug by Ants.
it is a notorious fact, says a corresi>nn*
ent. writing from Millen. Screven County"
Georgia, that red ants will dig their hoi «
until they strike wate» Near «?•«??•
In Miilen and about flf t'y fee^f J5m o^of
the main artesian wells la a colony of bd
red ants that have been working m til
same bed for over fifty years One of t*
oldest citizens saysXthey >«re there for
that length of. time to his certain knowl
edge, but he can't say how long they werl
there before that time. One can imaSS
the astonishment of the people of-MUlen
when they say recently a told flow of
artesian water seven feet high coming
from this red ant bed. ; The r^ r $X°f
dug to their own destruction.^ very ne
culiar thing about it is that it haT ?ut
6 " the '™**V t
Selfish Congressmen.
Let me tell you a strnhge story of hu
man nature." said a member of the Cabi
net to a correspondent of the Chicago
Times-Herald. "For nearly four years now
I have sat at this desk. In that time I
have seen nearly all the members ofthe
Senate and the House of Representatives.
They have been here, one after another
some of them many times. But you win
be surprised when I tell you that not a
Blngle call have I ever had from Senator
or Representative on any other errand
than one of selfishness. Every last on- V^
them came here to ask for slmttning^
himself or for one of his constituent,
stay In W.shlnetoi. in .SmiSiS-uJX* a™
SAN FRANCISCO
BY
ASSEMBLY DISTRICTS.
The population of San Francisco
by Assembly districts, 'according
to the census just completed, is.
as follows:
District 2S.... 15.731
District 29...... „... 15,299
District 30.... ........:............... 15,347
District 31 :....."......"...... 15.S71
District S3 14,037
District 33.. 1S.75S
District .34..................... ;.. 21.841
District 35..... 17.847
District 36...'. 27.S3S
District . 37.'... 23.S23
District 3*. .....:....... 18.977
District 39........ ] 19,906
District 40... 22,472
District 41...... ;.....;....... •... 24,235
District 43. 15 472
District 43 ........ ...;........ 23.003
Dtstrtcti 44.. ;.«".....;.... ik.631
District > 45.. .V; 12.797
Earl Li and the Bulldog.
Here is an amusing episode in connec
tion with Li Hung Chang*e visit to Eu
rope in 1S96. The chancellor, out of re
spect to General Gordon, had placed a
CANTON. Ohio. Oct. 29.— President Mc-
Kinley to-day was busy with callers and
matters of state. He received reports
from trusted political lieutenants which
made him feel satisfied that his plurality"
In Ohio would be anywhere from 75.000 to
100.000. He expresses himself to friends as
being satisfied beyond doubt as to the re
sult of the election. He said his great
est concern is to have his plurality so big
that Bryanlsm will be eradicated so ef
fectually as not to come before the pub
lic again.
The President enjoyed his drive to-day
In most beautiful autumn weather. He
expressed himself as feeling in the best
of health. He has entirely recovered from
the strain of official duties. There 'is a
movement on here to have McKinley re
main in Canton the night of November 6
to hear the election returns at his Canton
home. He has not decided on this point,
but at present Indications are he will con
sent to stay in Canton at least until No
vember 7.
of Ohio.
Expects a Big Plurality in the State
McKINLEY IS CONFIDENT.
a&f syws-ss Js^v v?£B
f£' In .. va JP they cu <teeled their ¦ b?af£
*™\y 'truck with the ¦ Idea o7*p««entta'
by the splendid present you have been
good enough to make me- the- beat »^^
magnificent Unfortunate y my dtl^M^n
is not equal to such a dellcacv bm m°
S=r*dal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. .Oct. 29.— Politics was
the cause of a wordy war at to-day's
meeting of the Methodist Ministerial As
sociation. A Prohibitionist on the one
side and a Republican on the other for a
few moments hurled angry words at one
another. The trouble began in the dis
cussion that followed a paper on "Pro
hibition" read by Rev. .\V. K. Bean, pas
tor of the Prospect Park Methodist
Church. Mr. Bean said some strong
things ajrainst the liquor traffic and closed
by declaring:
"The minister should keep before his
people the fact that when the barkeeper
and the Christian vote the same ticket
and by their votes sustain liquor laws
there is no moral difference between the
two." ' ,
In the discussion that followed several
ministers criticized President McKinley
and the administration with, regard to
their position concerning: the army can
teen, and declared that every Christian
should vote the Prohibition ticket. This
was too much for Rev 1 . Will A. Knighten.
a stanch Republican- He jumped to his
feet and asserted with vehemence that
President McKinley was vindicated at the
last meeting Of the General Conference,
when his pastor. Rev. Frank Bristol, said
that the President was the greatest Chris
tian layman in the world. Mr. Knlghten
contended that the remarks made during
the meeting against the President's prin
come when men ought to be loyal to their
come when men ought to be loyal tothelr
ruler and Government.
"Our discipline." said Rev. Mr. Knlgh
ten, "forbids speaking, evil of our magis
trates. I am a Republican and am proud
of it."
"And a saloonman also," added Rev. D
H. Gillan.
. "That is false," retorted the Republican
pastor.
After a short battle of words Rev. Mr
Gillan offered his hand to his Republican
brother, who took it, remarking:
"I will shake hands with anybody," and
the dove of peace . perched upon the as
sembly.
Methodist Ministerial As
sociation.
TV' ¦• -^
Attack on President McKinley B-
sented "by a Member of the
PAST0E8 ENGAGE IN
POLITICAL QUARREL
I""" DITOR San Francisco Call: Having
L« been a consistent and persistent
1 Democrat all my life and having
I voted a straight Democratic ticket,
I ¦ save in the Presidential election of^
1896. for twenty-seven years, I am fre-*
quently asked by Democrats my reasons
for supporting the Republican national
ticket in this campaign. They are as fol
lows:
The Democratic party has forsaken Its
old ideals— expansion, for example— sound
Democratic doctrine since the days of
; Jefferson. It has allied itself with Popu
lipts and other enemies of law, order and
: poap. The riffraff of the party— the Tlll
i mans and the Crokera— have obtained the
upper hand and the platform contains not
one single constructive plank. It outlines
a policy of wanton destruction. It might
be summarized in these words: "We are
agin the Government and whatever Is."
LIFELONG DEMOCRAT GRATE
FUL TO PRESIDENT FOR
COUNTRY'S PROSPERITY.
Objections to Bryan.
Inasmuch as I was appointed a United States
i«**-tion early cert year or in the sorter,
whether tltrted Vice President or not, in
order that he rrirbt by personal contact be
come acquainted with the r*ople. conditions
and r»«n>rc*n of the Coast States, which he
ha* never yet visited. Believing confidently
that he -would come a* Vice President, or Vice
President elect, he hoped to he«r that oa No
vember ? the coast States had all rirea a sood
majority for the Republican ticket. If his
campaign trip had been determined by himself
and cot by the National Committee he would
then have incJuied in it California. Oregon and
WashirtrtoTi. He takes a deep Interest \a th»
roast'* welfare, and belle\-ea It fca*. •.•> use
tlmort hi* t-xact words, a ma»rnlflcent future
in develorinir the commerce of the Paciflr and
trusts that it win stand unwaveringly for
rsaetering our moral responsibilities and meet
ing our material or«pcrt unities In the Philip
pi ne* ar.d the far East.
Ther- is on* unchaniririr paramount Issue for
the Pacific Coast in this election— It Is Me-
Kir.lerism- vs. Bryaclsra.
The Pacific Coast ha» everything to rain and
nothing- to !o«e by the re-election of McKinley
It has nothlr.* to rain and much to lose by the
election of Bryan.
Th* re-eiectlon of President McKinley means
that the development of California's rotden
material and moral opportunities will be fost
ered at home and abroad: the election of Mr
Brjai mears that the State's progress may
be arrested at the mort critical moment of Its
tr^wth.
fnder the continued administration of Presi
dent McKinley this resourceful commonwealth
of California should loom up In cootmerc« and
Influence. Ilk* the redwoods of its hills and
mountains; under the administration of Mr
Prjfc" it msy b« stunted, like tb*» naaehrush
cf XU unwatered valleys and plains
York."
Mr. Barrett then read the message, as
follows:
Convey try ereetin* to the people of that
wonderful State of California. I believe In
expansion for the whole country, but above all
for the Pacific f'ope. for I wish to see the
?"r.1ted S-tates the donilnant power. On the
*h"ree cf the Pacific ("oast our pecrle are
neither cravens nor weaklir.gs and we face the
future hieh of heart and confident of soul.
e*Eer to <io the rreat work of a great world
pewer. THEODORE ROOPEVELT.
Elmira. V. Y.
Great applause greeted the reading of
this m^ssape.
Mr. Barrett was Introduced by the chair
man of th<« meeting. IrvJr.g M. Scott. He
spoke in part as follows:
Whesi 1 F£id rood-by to Governor Rrioj^vel'.
in Indiana. Just before startirjf for the far
"West, he directed and authorfred me to say
to in* r*orl* of the Pacific Coast that he. had
fully and Anally made up his mind to visit this
stop.
A p!ea?!ng Incident occurred haJf-way
throuph Mr. Batrett's address. The beat
of a drum caused every eye to turn to the
entrance of the hall, through which filed
a r.umrx?r of worklnpmen clad In overalls
etvJ carrying "full dinner paile." They
were members cf the Younp Men's Club
of the Fourth District, and were heartily
cheered by the audience. Their leader
handed an envelope to Mr. Barrett, who
after b*-rakin«T the seal stepped to the
front of the platform and. «aid:
"I am plad that these gentlemen have
ctrfle here to-night, doubly glad: because
"they show the spirit with which the work
;r.crr.:»r is entering this campaign, and be
cause they have brought me this mest-aiee
of cheer from our pood candidate for Vice
President. Theodore Roosevelt of New
TKE audience that crowded Metro
politan Temple to the doors last
night to listen to John Barrett was
the most enthusiastic that has as
sembled in that edifice s ince the
eampaifrn opened. . The slightest reference
to McKinley brought It cheering to its
feet, and the cheers and applause fre
quently compelled the speaker to stop un
til the audience had quieted down.
Mr. Barrett spoke for two solid hours,
but sc entertaining did bis <llsccv*"se prove
that his auditors we^. loth to have him
The Philippines are our new approach to
China. The potentialities of Cathay, whose
development means so much for California, are
bt-st appreciated In two statements. Flrsf
Chlr.a has 40n.099.ora inhabitants, or nearly five
time» the regulation of the United States
over I.OCe.OOO square miles, or Kreater than all
the area of the United States: and only 400
miles of railway, or not much more than a
flrdf track from I>os Aneeles to San Fran
cisco. Imagine what material development
and what demands on American fanners man
ufacturers and laborers will follow the Krid-
Irocin* of China, with railways. Second-
China's f«rel(m trade, while rapidly Increasing'
amcur.ts now under most unfavorable condi
tions to JJ35.00O.00O rer annum, or less than
n per head. Multiply China's population by
6. as a reasonable ratio of trade per head
when ehe shall be opened up and her ttovern
ment reformed, and we have a jrrand total of
M.40n.0n0.n«) pej- annum. This seems a con
servative estimate when we remember that
Japan's ratio in 17. the United Prates $*S and
England's flCO. Surely America will not run
H<-*nor bright. Democrat* and skertlcal Re
publicans—if there are such— whose wcrd wi'l
you eccept. that of Colonel Bryan or that of
General Lawton?
The Material Opportunity.
Colcr.ei Bryan of Nebraska, who was never
within 7000 miles of the Philippines, proclaims
over the land that the continuance of fiirhtlng
In the Philippines Is Inspired by the uncon
querable spirit of libertv arr.ontr the people.
General Henry W. lawton. the noblest
R«ran cf all. wlth.Mit political prejudice and
no ambition other than that of serving fels
country, faithfully wrrte ire these words of
prophecy and flr* which should bum tnto the
cenM-iecce of Colonel Bryan whenever he
fhcuts Imperialism: "If I urn shot by a Fili
pino bullet it might as well come from one
cf my own men. because I know from my own
observation", confirmed by the word of cap
tured Filipino prisoners, that the continuance
of f.Khtln»r is chiefly due to reports that are
sent out frcm America."
Colonel Bryan. In the safety and quiet of. his
Lincoln home, ha* declared that the American
r.ar must come down in the Philippines, re
jardless of conditions and consequences.
Colcnel Sun senburs of Nebra.sk.1. who led
his r*-«r1rcent In battle, declared In the presence
oi The newspaper corrcirondents that the
Awrican t>eople must remember that if they
wcnld have our country endure, that, when
when the American flajs is fired upon d»llber
¦ telr. a« he knew It was fired upon by the
rillrir.os. there can be no end of hostilities
excertt that of unconditional surrender.
Colonel Stotrtnbure of the Nebraska r»>rl
ment. who was familiar with all the conditions
thet led up to the outbreak. sa!«l before he
was killed on the firing line that the outbreak
<Jid rot rest on the American army or on the
Colonel Bryan of Nebraska, who was never
on the firing line, says that America Is to
blame for the outbreak in the Philippines.
Bryan Versus Stotsenburg.
Third— This year, when Mr. Bryan declares
that "Ir-i-erialism" is the paramount issue,
and so aids end abets the enemies of our fiaj?
and country in the Philippines, I cannot sup
port him. In view of the actual acauaintancs
with all the Incidents and events from May.
!»«« to March, 15S9, that led up to the -out
break, without trross moral stultification or
without eraltinR political prejudice above
patriotism, principle and duty.
First— Golrur out to the far East as a United
States representative nearly seven years b-ko.
in the days when our f,«« was not respected
and our country was not honored. I remained
to see the day when, for the first -time in our
history, among: uncounted millions beyond our
shores our flajr was r»specte-1 and our country
waa honored, as a result of the policy, courage
and wisdom" of President McKinley.
rratic raxty ran after false ¦ cods and wor
shiped the fetich of free silver. 1 could not
follow, because I saw with my own eyea that
the statesmen and financiers of Japan. China
and Siam were praying for Mr. Bryan's elec
tion, that they miirht dump their vast accu
mulation* nf stiver on our shores and tret pold
In return. The foreirn offices of Asia were
more disappointed than the Populists of
America at Mr. Bryan's defeat.
envov by President Cleveland, and turned out
of orflce by President McKinley to make way
for a Republican appoint^**. tb«* first question
generally put to me is this: Why are you ad
vocating the defeat of Bryan? In all fairness
ar.d sincerity I will answer:
JOHN BARRETT. THE ELOQUENT REPUBLICAN ORATOR. WHOSE
GREAT SPEECH IN SUPPORT OF THE ADMINISTRATIONS POLICY
BROUGHT TO ITS FEET A CHEERIXG THRONG.
¦ way frcm the crrxTtunlty of d^veloplns such
vi«t markets.
I" we haul ilrwrt our flafr and com* back from
the Phl!irrln*s we fhail be disgraced in pres-
ti*» and HmttM in crrwrtunities along a mag
rifte?nt coast line. Just acres* the Pacific from
our r»T> Califcrnla sharp*, which extends for
MHO miles from Tasmania and Australia to
Siberia stv.i Japan, which supports a popula
tion of W>.fA).C0O. which carrier on an annual
ff^re'.fm tri^e. even now In its infancy, of
$2.000,rtX>.<vx>. fln^ where America's interests
I were lartrely Imaginary until Dewey> victory
»p.d our consequent occur"tlcn of the Philip-
Fines. Al^njc this remarkable oca?t line Manila
is th» pe-"(rraphipal an>l hence can be ma'le the
commercial and strategical center, with pos
sibilities rival«-d by no ether Asiatic entrepot
except Hongkong.
The Moral Responsibility.
Fvt we should not picture a m'.jfhty fleM of
natrrlal teneflt unless it? exploitation Is
foufl^ed on mrral right. We do not want the
material rewards o? a strong Asiatic position
unleos we are morally Justified In seeking
them. Being; morally entitled to the Philip
pines we can legitimately ask what Is their
material value.
If we are a material and commercial nation.
we are above all things a moral anA Christian
as much the spread of Christian civilization
an It does the expansion of commercial inter
ests. Commercialism mun always in the fu
ture ps in the past be the secondary and not
the co-ordinate ally of Christianity In the for
ward movement of civilization.
5?»va)cinc as on * who was In the Philippines
approximately for a year from May. 1591 until
Mairh. IP 1 *?, and who watched on the Kround
every incident and event that led «r> to the
outbreak on the 4th of February. 1«W. which
pave Mr. Bryan his try of imperialism, and
actuated by no motive other than that of
)«;»rn-.n* the tnith. it would *eem to me. as It
did to brave Lawton and Stotsenburp. that the
whole Philippine question, or so-called, irsue of
Imperialism i» summed up in the word re
sponsibility.
This elaborated; can be thus expressed: The
Vnited States ar^ In the Philippine Islands,
they are endeavoring to establish order and
Kovernment. and they are puttinK down an in
surrection Inspired by unscrupulous leaders and
by fals": education atralnst America and Ameri
cans, as v-na voidable results of courageously
meetinsr our moral responsibilities irrowinp cut :
of the war with Spain, which was a righteoue
war supported by Democrats R5 well as by
Republicans.
Julhi? Kahn. who entered the hall near :
the close of Mr. Barrett'? speech, vest
given a rouslnp reception. In response to !
repeated demands he addressed the audi
ence as follow-- :
I have not come here thU evening to, deliver
a speech, but repret that I was not here to
listen to Mr. Barrett. But when, as I entered
the hail, I saw the audience on lt« feet cheer
ing the name of William McKinley I felt that
he had struck the ritrht chord.
Before the present administration when (Treat
enterprises were projected the promoters had
to go to England. France or some other for
e'gn country to set the capital to earn" it
on with. New other countries come to us to
beg us to lend them of our plenty. We must
p^e that these conditions do not change. We
mvrt see that the entire world recognize that
the American people stand for progress, civili
zation ar.d prosperity.
Hearty cheers for candidates and speak
ers closed the meeting.
BRYAN & CO. FORSAKEN
BY DENIS DONOHOE JR.
Well-Known Lawyer Cannot Stand the
Enemies of "Law, Order and Soap."
How any respectable old-line Democrat
can stand on such a platform with Its
free silver feature; Its reaffirmed assault
on constitutional law and our Supreme
«Tw ItS J t V dIed lnsuIt to ou^^r & rmy.
«r v. ? t « hJnly velled socialistic fallacies,
filched without credit- from the tenets of
World revolutionists. Is -a constant
wonder to me.
iWf are a busy, clear-thinking, progres-
EUe and optimistic people. Thanks to the~
prosperlty which has come upon us during
the last thwe years, we have no time to
bother ourselves with worm-eaten pollti- I
cal lumber that has Uttered the junk
shops of Europe ever since the first
French revolution. While the cranks are
formulating denunciatory resolutions the
great American people are busy In their
thousand fields of human endeavor, har
vesting their crops, perfecting their meth
od-, of manufacture and production, mar
keting their products at home and seeking
a wider market in the East and West
Indies in American vessels and under the
protection of the American flag. For this
cE P °£ Un ,! ty , tO expand our Amerce *£
should thank President McKlnley. and If
to assure us of these rich possessions it
has become necessary to Increase the reg
*7n£ ay umiI i here ta one soldIer f ° r
sa> 1150 non-combatants, who outside of
the walls of an insane asylum can serious
ly believe that this numerically insignifi
cant . army could upset constitutional
Government and establish military des
potism? Surely the seventy- fl ve mlllf ons
of us who do not eat Uncle Sam's rations
ma >" b « safely trusted to overcome the
65.000 who do! This is supposing that our
army is disloyal, and in so supposing Wil
Ham Jennings Bryan insults every man
unl?nrm W " Z™ WOre Sam "
?h ! r m- U ls rather more to be feared
that the demagogy of Mr. Bryan and hN
colleagues, fanning the embers of the in
Burrectlon in the Philippines, will cost us
the »ves of many brave soldiers whom
the republic can illy spare -
A vote for McKlnley is a vote for pros,
perlty and progress, for the extension of
commerce under the constitutional guar
anty of our flag, for the future commer
cial supremacy of the United States of
A \ote for Mr. Bryan !s a vote for retro
gression, for the destruction, if it po^iblv
can be destroyed, of our sound financial
policy, for the abandonment of our fs^and
P ° SS S, nS , pald for WIth our money and
our blood, for the strangling of our new
born commerce in its cradle, for bitter
hard times, a depression of industry a
change without progress. So. at lea«;t' It
appears to me. DEXIS DONOHOE JR.
San Francisco, October 23. l90O
JOHN P. IRISH RETURNS HOME
FROM EASTERN BATTLE GROUND
4 I Have No Doubt," He Says, "That Bryan Will Be Beaten by
a Larger Electoral Vote Than in 1 896."
•
MR. JOHN P. IRISH, who returned on Saturday night from a business trip and about sixty days' campaign oi
the Jtump, in response to a request for an Interview upon the political outlook, said:
VI have no doubt that Mr. Bryan will be beaten by a arger electoral vote than In 1S96.
"Political experts, who study the causes of weakness or strength in a candidate, express the opinion that
.f he nad been entirely silent after his acceptance speech at Indianapolis, he would have been stronger ant
perhaps formidable. In his much speaking- since he has said many things which alarm conservative sentiment am
have turned Indifference to his candidacy Into active opposition to his election. Sound Democrats of the old schoo
see in his position now a still wider departure from the principles of Jefferson. Jackson and Cleveland and are earnest
ly fiphtinp him everywhere.
"I spent much time in Indiana. wh?re I am well acquainted. My first campaign there was for Mr. Tilden in 1876
That year Abram S. Hewitt was chairman of the Democratic National Committee and the stump campaign in Indian;
was made principally by Colonel Vilas of Wisconsin. General Black of Illinois and myself. This vear Hewitt Vilas Blacl
and myself are all acamst Bryan. " '
"In Indiana, in every county, the few Democrats of business and social position who have always put up th«
money for the party and kept It going, are without exception against Bryan and the Bryanized Democracy is' ofter
found to be manaeed by men who formerly had to be paid for voting the ticket. Take'the town of Columbus . Ind
a.« «n pjample. It is a prosperous manufacturing city. There is located the largest tannery in the world, belonging t<
Mr. Moorcy. and founded by his pranjfather. He was for years chairman of the Democratic Committee of the coim
ty. where every manufacturer in that city was a Democrat. Now they are all for McKinley, and Mr Moonev sai(
it was because Mr. Bryan has made it Impossible for a business man to be a Democrat. That is a type of condition
loted^him'in 11^. 16 * f ° Und " '?* ""' ° f the G » ld D ™ ocrals opposing Bryan, id f refnforJS b>^ many I hi
Pr "£ an t M * vf , com P!f le ' y char J^ d and will join Indiana. Illinois and Michigan in giving her electoral vote tc
President McKinley. The Bryan slump in the West is also apparent as far this way as Utah I was told by a Brvar
newspaper man In Ojrden that the men who had made larpe bets on Bryan carrying Utah are now hedging to sav.
their money. The Administration has steadily in Eastern favor by the prudent and dignified coursf of the PreV
Ident ar.d by his very expert and able handling of the Chinese question. It is rather amusing^that whin I left the Eal
he Bryan men were accusing the President of forfeiting our rights in China and- were holding up the Europe^
land grabbers as an example which he should have followed '
pro^r"in E have C a r 'long e run° ?d ' ""* .* "° dOUbt that " the S ° M standard < s maintained present conditions o:
Ine Orator Delivers an Able Address to
an Enthusiastic Audience in Met
ropolitan Temple.
BARRETT GREETED
WITH LOUD CHEERS
CAMPAIGN NEAT ITS CLOSE:
8
McKINLEY AND ROOSEVELT!
COL. H.I. KGWALSKY
Vl/IL-L DISCUSS
NATIONAL ISSUES
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
THIS (Tuesday) EVENING
W. It CUTTER. BecrtUrr GE °* 8TONE »- cll * lna * a .,Rwrt>Uc»a SUte Comrcltte*.
I STARE THE DOCTOR IN THE FACE. I
Built from ah ABSOLUTELY WATERPROOF LEATHER
into PERFECT WINTER FOOTWEAR. PREVENT COLDS
AND COUGHS. Made by Buckingham & Hccht, with
CORK SOLES, at 85.00 the pair for men, and they
contain NO INJURIOUS LININGS (such as oiled silk o«*
rubber). .
80LD TT2^*-«* 733-740
ONLY AT iA fl £5T ? arkei St :
-ML m % iir _~F K * K w San rrancisco.
Mail Orders Filled— Addres* Department O.We have already learned how to meas
ure rectangles. Now, the figure ACDE Is
a rectangle, as are also the figures ABDF
and BCFE. The perpendicular BF divides
the triangle BDE into two triangles. It
will be seen that one of these triangles i3
half of one rectangle and the other is half
of the other rectangle. . or the' two to
gether, that is, the whole triangle BDE, Is
half of the rectangle ACDE.
Take the triangle BDE and proceed to
find the area, having given that DE is
twelve inches and BF Is eight inches.
6. The distance around a right angle tri
angle is 240 inches.' The perpendicular is
60 inches and the area is 2400 square
inches. Find the length of the longest
side. >- ; ; 1
4. The .area of a triangle is 80 square
feet 88 square inches, and its base is 9 feet
8 inches. Find the altitude.
If the triangle ia a right angle triangle,
that Is, a triangle . having a right angle,
such as 8DC, then the tide BD is the per
pendicular and the side CD Is the base,
and the area Is one-half the product of
BD by CD.
Exercises. .
1. The base of a triangle is 15 inches and
the altitude is 12 Inches. . Find the area.
2. A triangular surface contains 705
square Inches. The bate is 7 feet 10 inchea.
Find the altitude.
3. A triangular field has a base line 60
chains in length. The perpendicular dis
tance from base to altitude is 40 chains.
Find the area In acres.
The local branch. No. 432. of the Retail
Clerks' International Protective Associa
tion will hold an important meeting In
Red Men's Hall, 320 Post street, to-night
at 9 o'clock. The meeting will be addressed
by officers of the San Francisco Labor
Council and the committee on publicity
will deliver circulars and booklets settln?
forth the objects of tha association. Non
members ar© Invited to attend.
Retail Clerks to Meet To-Nlght.
6. The dash shows & sudden break in the
thought, or is used to set off a parenthet
ical expression. Note carefully Its usage
in printed matter.
7. The mark ? denotes a question, and la
usually written after a direct question;
as, "Where did he come from?" "How
much will it cost?" When this mark Is
used In parentheses It expresses doubt.
The writer intends to question the truth
of the word or name he has just used; as.
"What a brilliant (?) speech he made! 1 '
Here the writer indicates that he Is using
the word "brilliant" in a questionable
sense— In a sense different from its com
mon meaning.
8. Quotation marks denote the intro
duction Into written or printed matter of
something quoted.
9. The common use of the apostrophe la
to mark the possessive case. It is used*
also to mark the plural of single letters
or figures: as, "Tour 8's and 3's are alike
and your t's and l's are badly formed."
10. A row of asterisks is used to show
an omission. Thus if a -writer were quot
ing and wished to skip several paragraphs
he would insert this sign:
but if he omitted only a few words ha
would use leaders, thus:
11. Be very careful in breaking a word
at the end of a line to divide it according
to its syllables. Do not divide a word at
all unless you cannot possibly avoid doing
so. Words of one syllable cannot be di
vided, and it is scarcely ever necessary to
divide words of two syllables. When it 1st
necessary to make a division follow the
first part with the hyphen; that Is to say.
the hyphen should appear at the end of
the line rather than at the beginning.
12. When two or more words not usually
considered together are used as one name
or qualifying word they are commonly
united by a hyphen; as. a hot-headed
speech, a go-as-you-please gait, etc.
Numbers like the following are usually
written with a hyphen: Slxty-flve. twen
ty-third, etc. Many words once com
pounded' In this way are now written as
single words; as, railroad." schoolboy,
lifelike, etc. -
5. The colon is used before a formal
enumeration of particulars. Th© formal
ity is usually expressed by the presence
of such introductory words as "thus:"
"follows:" etc.
1. Start with your language. If your
sentences "are to the point" you simply
need "tho point." It Is the Involved, tan
gled, cumbersome sentence which needs
special care in punctuation.
2. Insert commas simply where they are
necessary to bring out the correct mean
ing. It la better to have too few than too
many. When in doubt, omit.
3. When you have completed a sentence
—that is, when you have made a complet?
statement — write a period after It and be
gin the next statement or sentence with a.
capital letter. The period should be use<l
also, after headings, names, addresses,
signatures and other words and phrases
standing wholly alone. Write periods
after the common abbreviations, such as
Mr., Dr., St., LL. D.. Rev., etc.
4. The semicolon indicates a greater
separation than the comma. The latter
denotes a pause in reading that the mean
ing may be clear; the former denotes a
distinct separation or pause in the thought
rather than in the language. Note that
the semicolon is often used at the close
of a grammatical sentence Instead of the
period. It Is the thought and not the
grammar which decides the location of
semicolons.
VI— HOW TO PUNCTUATE.
(1) 90 Inches. (2) 15 inches. (3) 120 acres.
(4) 6 feet 4 inches. (5> 100 Inches. <6> 625 1-3
square yards. <7) 4 times. (S) 220.400 acres.
(9) 60 cents. (10) SS or 72 square Inches.
Answers.
' 10. A square, each side of which ' ia 12
Inches, has lines drawn from the center
to two of the corners. Find the area of
the triangle thus formed.
8. A. county is In the form of a triangle,
with a base of 30 miles and a perpendicu
lar distance from base to altitude of 24
miles.' How many acres does it contain?
9. Find -the cost at 3 cents a square yard
of painting the floor and ceiling of a tri
angular room showing the following di
mensions: Bate, 12 feet: perpendicular, 13
feet. .-. -. •
7. The base and perpendicular . of the
triangle D are each one-half the base and
perpendicular of the triangle ABC The
larger triangle Is how many- times greater
than the smaller?
6. A corner lot is in the form of & trian
gle, as shown in the figure. It extends 10
feet on A street and 120 feet on B street
The proprietor is required to move his
fence in two feet on A street and foui
feet on B street. Find the area in squari
Vote for Thos. P. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court. •
Edward Barry's Body Found.
The body of Edward Barry, the sailor
who Jumped overboard p. few days, ago,
was recovered from the bay yesterday by.
two fishermen. Barry was a native of Ire
land, aged 40 years. He was formerly a
member of the crew of the United fo«.at«s
steamer Pathfinder.
She has not received any air. from the
Musicians' Union, as there is no fund
In that organization to provide for.euch
cases. Mrs. Hopkins is left with three
children to care for, the oldest of which
is 5 years of ago and the youngest but
five months.
Mrs. J. F. Hopkins of 4215 Twenty-third
etreet, who was deserted last week by
her husband, a drummer in Fischer's
Concert Hall, is depending on her friends
for ¦ assistance. < .
Deserted and Without Means.
Edward Baker Jerome, chief clerk of the
Custom-house from time immemorial, re
ceived yesterday by express from his old
friend Granvllle Cretors a walking stick
made out of a piece of the flooring of ex-
President Lincoln's house in Springfield,
111., the only house that. Lincoln ever
owned.. The State of Illinois owns the
house now. and in the course of some re
pairing being done there the oak floor of
the kitchen was taken up and replaced.
It was from a piece of this oak that the
cane was made.
A Cane From Lincoln's Floor.
The action for divorce instituted by
Maud M. Xolan- against Joseph F. No
lan was partly heard by Judge Bahrs
yesterday. John T. Harms tmA O. B.
Martin testified on behalf of Mrs. Nolan
and In support of her allegation that her
husband has been unfaithful. Mrs. Nolan
was not in court. She will tell her story
at a later date.
A motion made by W. W. Fuller to va
cate the decree of divorce granted hla
wife, Alice M. M. Fuller, by Judge Muras
ky, was argued yesterday. At the con
clusion of the argument Judro Muraaky
denied the motion.
Ruth D. Walker has been granted a
divorce from John Walker on the ground
of infidelity. L. P. Crane was granted
a divorce yesterday from Alice R. Crane
on the ground of willful desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Amelia Sharon against Edward Sharon
for desertion. Joseph F. Monte against
Rosie Monte for cruelty, and T.ellie Coak
ley against Caleb Coakley for cruelty.
Judge Bahrs — Decrees Granted
and Suits Filed.
WITNESSES TESTIFY IN
MAUD NOLAN'S BEHALF
Divorce Suit 1 Being Heard Before
From a reliable source it is learned that
the Chief Intends to redistrict the city so
that the streets will be more thoroughly
patrolled. The various districts will be
known as "precincts," the same as in the
large Eastern cities. Instead of having
sergeants keeping a watch on the patrol
men lieutenants of police ¦will be the su
pervising officers. It is the intention of
the Chief, it is understood, to force sev
eral lieutenants, who for years have been
detailed at the several police stations, to
direct the patrolmen, who are now being
looked out for by sergeants. To do this
the Chief, it Is said, intends to ask the
Commissioners to appoint extra lieuten
ant*. It is understood that the beats will
be so divided that it will not be necessary
for a patrolman to climb several hills be
fore he can reach the end of his section.
Several changes are also to be made in
the City Prison as well as in the outside
stations. Since the opening of the new
prison the email force detailed there t.aa
been sorely handicapped by reason of bo
ing forced to asTc the "trusties" to assist
them in locking up prisoners. It Is
known that ihe Chief is bitterly opposed
to the "trusty" system and intends to do
away with it. If his proposition is favor
ably received by the Commissioners at
least a half dozen new places will be cre
ated in the prison. A number of other
changes are contemplated, principally
among which will be the disrating of
some detectives who have grown old in
the eenice. The Chief refuses to discuss
the changes that he intends to make, but
A number of changes are scheduled to
take place In the Police Department. At
to-night's meeting of the Police Commis
sioners the matter will be brought up and
definite action taken. It is known that
Chief Sullivan has had the probable
changes under consideration for some
time, and notwithstanding his reticence it
can be authoritatively stated that he will
t-ubmit the proposition to the Commis
sioners to-night, and ask them to act on
It at once.
Be Appointed— Changes
in the Prison.
Will Favor Eastern Police Precinct
System — More Lieutenants to
Chief Sullivaii Will Submit
Plan to Commissioners
To-Night.
REDISTRICTING
OF THE CITY
it is said that he -will make known his in
tentions at to-night's meeting of the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Kowalsky to Speak To-Night.
Colonel H. I. Kowalsky will speak un
der the auspices of the Republican State
Committee at Metropolitan Temple to
night.
The temperance Issue In politics was dis
cursed last evening In the Y. M. C. A.
Hall by Rev. T. A. Boyer, pastor of the
First Christian Church of Stockton, and
Mr?. M. G. Tongier of Los Angeles, a
prominent officer of the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union. The theme was
"Temperance and the Abolishing of the
American Saloon by Ballot."
Temperance in Politics.
The executive committee of the Phoenix
Republican Club held a meeting last
evening at Scottish Hall on Larkln street
to make final arrangements for a errand
mass-meeting to be held under the aus
pices of the club at the above named hall
on Friday evening. The following well
known Republican orators will address
the meeting: George A. Knight. Thomas
B. Dozier, Julius Kahn. Charles F. Curry
and several of the local candidates will
speak. Music and singing will be a fea
ture of the meeting. The gallery has been
reserved for ladies and their escorts.
Phoenix Club Meeting.
It was decided to make an active and
thorough canvass of each precinct in the
interest of M. C. Sloss for Superior Judge,
and thereby insure for him a large ma
pority in this district. Speeches were
made by J. M. Wilkins, Harry A. Knox.
and John J. Cassldy. - --.- .
President. James M. "Wilklns; first vice presi
dent, Henry J. Manning; second vice president,
Charles R. Hansen; secretary. James H. Rich
ards; treasurer, Edward Kitto: sergeant at
arms. Hunter 1L Williams; committee on pre
cinct organization — Harry A. Knox (chairman),
Joseph A. Andrew Joseph P. Keefe, Albert
R. Ahlborn, John Lynash, E. C. Plume, Wil
liam Bell, Eugene G. Haas, William C. Lef
flngwell, Alfred A. Smith. J. H. Hutaff, J. W.
Johnston. Georye Shearer. H. Goldman.
The M. C. Sloss Club of the Richmond
District was organized last night at Rich
mond Hall, Clement street and . Fourth
avenue, and elected the following officers:
Richmond Organized for Sloss.
The Greek-American Club is officered by
the following named: V. Valianos, presi
dent; A. Kosta, vice president; E. Antoni
ades, secretary, and A. Antipas. treasurer.
The meeting was an enthusiastic one.
The mention of the names of McKlnley
and Roosevelt was a cause for long and
loud cheering, and the remarks of the
speaker were greeted with tumultuous ap
plause. The meeting adjourned with a
call for cheers for the leaders of the Re
publican ticket and the response was
given with a vim. •
Greek-American Republicans in goodly
numbers filled B'nal B'rith Hall last nig~ht
and listened to the discussion of the issues
of the campaign by the officers of the
Greek-American Club. The speaker of
the evening was Judge Louderback, and
his remarks on the many points raised by
the campaign were cheered.
Names of the Republican Leaders Are
Greeted With Enthusiasm.
slasm was held by the Afro-American
League in California Hall, last evening-
President Morton was in .the chair. There
were many ladies In the audience. From
the beginning to the end the proceedings
were snappy and Interesting. A feature
of the evening was the enthusiasm with
which Congressman ivahn was received.
His entrance into the hall was greeted
with a perfect storm of cheers and ap
plause. Again, when he spoke on the local
interests that San Frajicisco has in the
election of a Republican national admin
istration he was interrupted by applause
which was turned into cheers, so that he
had to cease talking for a time.
Ccngressman Kahn said that the Nicar
agua canal bill, the bill to provide for the
construction of a cable between San
Francisco and the Philippine Islands,, and
the bill to keep the products of prison la
bor within the boundaries of the several
States in which they were made, were all
favored by the Republicans in Congress
and that the opposition to them had been
found to be made up mainly of Demo
cratic votes. He expected that the canal
bill, which would come before the Senate
in December, would be passed and would
be signed by President McKlnley early
in the coming year. He was also of the
belief that if the bill for the construction
of the cable to the Philippines was passed,
the cable would be made in San Fran
cisco.
Speeches that drew forth applause were
delivered by D. J. Murphy, Martin K. J.
Brady, candidate for the Assembly in the
Korty-third District; Davis Louderback
and others. »
GREEK - AMERICANS GATHER.
Congressman Kahn Is Repeatedly
Cheered for Happy Hits.
A meeting characterized by much enthu-
ATRO -AMERICAN BALLY.
twe rood citizens of the Twenty-first
Pmatoriei District were shaaw^Hy mis
represented In the last two regular ses
fions of the Legislature by E. I. Wolfe.
The district extends from Van Ness ave
rse to the ocean and from Fourteenth to
itFarrc-n street. Many of the beautiful
horces of Ban Francisco are within tne
boundaries of the district. The population
Is intelligent and progressive. The repre
sentative in the Senate should be clean
end reputable.
It v.as common rumor at Sacramento
iuring the last regular session that Wolfe
was "cut for the stuff." It was the gos
sip of Senators that he was ready to
" *tand up" individuals and corporations.
One story was to the effect that he even
t-ought to stand up Herein. Lut failed to
obtain the goods. It is said that Herrin
entertains tne most withering contempt
for any member of the Legislature who
will not '"stay bought." Thirty years ago
Tom Scott, dealing with the Pennsylvania
lawmakers, defined the honest man as
"the statesman who will stay bought,"
ar.d Herria i"-as frequently recalled the
r.efiniticn.
Wolfe had a keen eye In the Legislature
for cinch bills, and the Senators took es
»¦¦» cial delight in studying the attitude of
;he .Senator from the Twentv-nrst l-»is
trict. Voters should keep in mi Tin that
Ihe ordinary game of cinching the bnsi
i,< fs public is played something after this
lasbioe: A bill is introduced which may
uliect banks, brewers or grocery mer
ti-.an:s.
If it arr''' p s to the grocery business and
makes it unlawful to sell beer at a gro
cery sure the word is passed along the
line that moeey is needed to defeat the
ni'iisuie. The sum designated Is contrib
ced by thr- dealers and the bill is killed
after a desperate fham battle. Old Sen
ators t-niil^ 1 when they view euch corn
tots in the halls <jf legislation. The in
surance mon of San Francisco know pome
thing about cinch bills, and every promi
nent underwriter can put his hand on a
private list of boodling Senators and As-
K mblynien. •
Wolfe is asking- for re-election on the
zrround that he is the party nominee. He
if not the nominee of the Republican par
ty and Republicans are under no obliga
tion, moral or political, to support his
randidacy. He was nominated by corrupt
t>oFses vvho 6tuffed the ballot boxes of the
i<pen primary and thwarted the will of the
people.
Wolfe a.«ks for Republican 6upport on
the plea that his vote will assist in the
election of a Republican United States
Senator two years hence. Let the good
people of the Twenty-first Senatorial Dis
trict examine Wolfe's record at the last
regular session of the Legislature to see
If he was not using all the means at his
command to defeat the election of a Re
publican United States Senator. Time and
Bjraln appeals were addressed to him
to support General Barnes or Irving M.
Pcott, illustrious Republicans of San
Krancisco, but he contemptuously replied
that the people of the Twenty-first Dis
trict wanted Dan Burns, and it should be
"Burns or no Senator." Dibble in the As
ff-mbly a-nd Wolfe In the Senate declared
that the motto of the campaign was
'Burns or no Senator." Wolfe is the ab
ject tool of the bosses. He has all the
rontortions of Dibble, without his Inspira
tion.
The Call Is constantly hearing reports
from the Thirty-eighth Assembly District
(a portion of the Twenty-first Senatorial
restrict) that Wolfe has entered into a
romblnatlon with the friends of Bert
Srhleslnger, . Democrat, to defeat " R. W.
Roberts, the clean Republican nominee
for the Assembly. ..,..., „.:
A remarkable contest Is going on In the
Twenty-filth Senatorial District. Repre
sentations were' made to the Republican
Ftate Committee yesterday that a mem
ber of the State body, E. M. Buckley.
Committeeman of the Forty-fourth As
sembly District, and M. H. Barry, em
ploye 'on the water front under the pres
ent State administration, were opposing
the election of John H. Nelson, the Re
publican nominee for Senator in the
Twenty-fifth. The statement was made
that Martin Kelly and Sam Ralney were
In league with Buckley to fight Mr. Nel
pon. It was further asserted that orders
had been given on the water front direct-
Ing emploves of the Harbor Commission
to vote for O'Connell. the Democratic
randidale for Senator In the Twenty-fifth
Many -supporters of Richard J. Welch,
Republican candidate for Senator, Nine
teenth Senatorial District, met at Cort
land avenue and Wool street last evening
end organized a taxpayers' club to ad
vance his interests. A grand rally will
take place at Bernal Hall next Friday
evening:. Prominent speakers will address
the meeting.
E. I. Wolfe Is Not Fit to Represent People.
Contest in Twenty-Fifth Sena
torial District.
SHADY RECORD IN
THE LEGISLATURE
POLITICIANS ARE BUSY
, "Write for new catalogue' of 'watches', '. Jewelry,
silverware. • Invaluable to out-of-town purchas
ers. Hammersmith & Field, 36 Kearny »t. • /
In voting for Joseph T. O'Connor, Dem
ocratic candidate for Justice of the Peace,
you will help to elect one who is not mere
ly an able but a thoroughly upright," hon
est man. . , ,,.•¦ ,..¦¦ .-..-••..
H. Gaylord Wilshlre, Social Democratic
candidate for Congress In the Sixth Dis
trict, spoke to a large and enthusiastic
audience at Odd Fellows' Hall last even-
Ing. Other speakers were C. H. King Jr.
and G. B. Benham, Socialist nominee for
Congress in the Fourth District. Scott
Anderson presided at the meeting.
Social Democratic Meeting.
Young Ladles'. Institute No. 1 had an
old-time Halloween party in Loyola Hail,
at. Tenth and. Market streets. last night.
There were decorations in the hall appro
priate to the occasion, such as . pumpkin
lanterns, strings of bright red apples and
groupings : of greens. In addition •¦ to
games for children and adults there were
a few words of -welcome by Miss -Annie
E.Nyhan, the president; an overture by
Miss Mae Stein; remarks by Mme. Louise
Sorbier of the Woman's Educational As
sociation; vocal selections by Frank Car
roll and Mrs. G. Evans; mandolin selec
tions, the Misses Barr, : Mr. Finn and tne
Misses -Mlnlghan. The evening of fun
closed with dancing and the serving of
refreshments. :'!3St*"^SS^S!S* i .
Young Ladies' Institute.
' This was followed by dancing until mid
night. The function was under the direc
tion of the committee of arrangements,
composed of Albert Rudolphus, A. T. Mc-
Cormick. J. R. McBrearty, H. S. Colman
and A. F. McDermott.
Division No. 5, the local baby of the An
cient Order of Hibernians, gave a compli
mentary entertainment and dance in
Union-square Hall last night for its mem
bers and their many friends. The hall
was crowded to Its capacity and for the
entertainment of those present there waa
given a programme, made up of the fol
lowing numbers:
Overture, orchestra; introductory remarks,
President Frank S. Drady; barytone
boIo, Francis J. Rudolphus; cornet solo. Miss
Irene Kranklln: duet, R. <3. Grady and H. 6.
Colman; monologue, Henry L.. Auerbach; JlR
dancing. Joseph Kelleher; soprano solo, Mrs.
James R. Kentzel; specialties, Pearl and Ar
thur Hlckman; Chinese boxer, .Harry H. Wal
ton: fancy dancing Miss Sydney Smith: spec
ialties, James McCulloush: ¦ . .
Baby Hibernians Entertain.
The ordinance had been recommended
for indefinite postponement by the Finance
Committee. It provides for the segrega
tion of $50,000 out of available funds In
the city treasury, to be designated as St.
Mary's square fund, and pledges the board
to appropriate $00,000 more during the next
fiscal year for a like purpose. The passage
of the resolution would result in the re
lease of the original fund of $125,000, now
in litigation, and the city's creditors
would all receive their money.
The bill regulating the care of animals
sick with contagious diseases and provid
ing for the disposition thereof was laid
over for one week.
• D'Ancona explained that there was no
law at presnt regulating the disposition of
animals sick with contagious diseases.
"There are no means to care for af
flicted animals," paid D'Ancona, "unless
by the consent of the owner. The or
dinance provides for the Inspection of ani
mals with contagious sickness by a com
petent veterinary surgeon. No undue pow
?r. that might be misused, was granted
by the ordinance to any one person to im
pound such animals. The Hospital and
Health Committee has recommended the
bill for final passage."
An ordinance was passed to print pro
viding for the full acceptance of Mari
posa street, between Bryant and Florida.
The Auditor and Treasurer were directed
to pay out of the urgent necessity fund to
John F. Finn, stationery clerk, $2C0 for the
purchase of postage stamps for the use, of
the Assessor.
An ordinance was passed to print de
claring the strip of land extending from
the northerly termination of Fifth ave
nue, at Lake street northward for a dis
tance of 350 feet, to be an open public
street, and naming said extension "Fifth
avenue."
The board adjourned to meet on Friday
evening for the investigation of water
rates.
Reed's ordinance providing lum.w'for the
acquisition of land for St. Mary's Park
went over for one week.
The resolution Introduced by Supervisor
Reed declaring it the intention of the
Board of Supervisors to appropriate not
less than $100,000 out of the prospective
$300,000 surplus In the city's revenue by
reason of the unexpected increase In the
assessment roll, to pave accepted streets
in the business portions of the city was
passed by the Board of Supervisors yes
terday. The resolution pledges the board
especially to remove the cobblestone pave
ments, and the Board of Public Works Is
directed forthwith to make a report of
the streets standing most in need of re
paving, with the kind of pavements best
adapted to the said streets and the esti
mated cost of the proposed lmorov»meDt
Week Before Election Board Agrees
to Do Work Months Hence — No
Money for St. Mary's
Supervisors Adopt Reed's
Street Improvement
Resolution.
USE PROMISES AS
PAVING MATERIAL
City Confesses Judgment to -Largo
Amount on Protested Taxes Er
roneously lievied on Bonds
"by Assessor Dodge."
The Board of Supervisors awoke yester
day to a realization of the fact that tho
charter provision relating; to the tearing
up of streets for the laying of rails, plpeb
or for any purpose has never been fol
lowed. It was Supervisor McCarthy who
called attention to the violation of the
charter when the ordinance came 'up for
consideration granting the San Francisco
and Pacific Glass Works permission to lay
a spur track from the Southern Pacific
Railroad track on Harrison street to the
premises of the glass works. McCarthy
stated that in many cases where streets
were torn up it was done by the company
which laid pipes or rails instead of by the
Board of Public Works, as the charter
provided.
Reed desired a condition Imposed upon
the glass company that it keep the streol
on which the spur track is laid in proper
repair. Curtis characterized certain op
position to the permission to lay spur
tracks as Interfering with the industries
of this city. McCarthy then called at
tention to the specific charter provision
which places the power of tearing up the
streets solely with the Board of Public
Works. He moved that the permission
to lay the spur track be granted only on
condition that the Board of Public Works
perform the work of tearing up the street
and the motion prevailed.
The City Street Improvement Company
was granted permission to lay a spur
track from the Southern Pacific Railroad
track on Harrison street into the bloc*
owned by the company.
The City Attorney was authorized to
permit Judgment to be entered against
the city and county of San Francisco in
the actions instituted for the repayment
of taxes and interest thereon at 7 per
cent, paid on bonds under protest, which
bonds were declared by the Supreme
Court of this State to be exempt from
taxation. As a result of this action the
Mutual Savings Bank will receive the
sum of $19,838 39; Humboldt Savings and
Loan Society^ $9210 89; Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society, $26,324 50: Wells, Fargo
& Co., $3433 51, and H. T. Scott et al.,
$4238.
The total represents the amount illegally
collected by the city based upon the er
roneous assessments on bonds levied by
Assessor Dodge. As a result of Dodge's
blunder the city will be obliged to pay
out a considerable sum in interest on
taxes which Bhould never have been Im
posed. ¦ : ¦ . - .
The room now used by the Registrar. as
an "affidavit room" will, when vacated,
be assigned to the Board of Education as
a storeroom. ¦ -
The Board of Public Works was. au
thorized to set aside a room in the City
Hall for the use of. the Public School
Teachers' Annuity and Retirement Asso
ciation.
An ordinance was passed to print pro
viding for the placing of a roof over the
photographic gallery on the Hall of Jus
tice, which work will be under the super
vision of the Board of Public Works.
The ordinance authorizing the Board of
Public Works to complete the photo
graphic gallery in the Hall of Justice was
recommitted to the. Building Committee.
Similar action was taken with the reso
lution directing the Board of Public
"Works to place 223 rifle racks in the Ha'l
of Justice for the use of the Police De
partment at a cost of $100.
The Ning Yung Society was granted
permission to play music in the district
bounded by "Waverly place, "Washington,
Dupont and Sacramento streets on the
morning of November 8, 1900, until 3
o'clock. .
Tearing Up of Streets Must
Be Done hy Board of
Public Works.
VIOLATION OF
CHARTER PROVEN
WOULD RESCIND
SPECIAL PERMITS
McCarthy Opposes Discrimi
nation in Encroachment
Privileges.
Supervisor Holds That All Citizens
Are Entitled to Rights Granted
by Board and Enjoyed
by Others.
Supervisor McCarthy raised his voice at
yesterday's meeting of the board against
what he asserts is discrimination in the
granting of special permits for permanent
street encroachments. He introduced a
resolution, which was referred to the
Street Committee, providing for the re
scinding of all rights heretofore granted
or exercised to erect signs that project
over the sidewalks. The resolution fol
lows: .
WhereM. Tht» board Indefinitely postponed
an ordinance which, among other powers, con
ferred upon the Board of Public Works au
thority to grant certain rights and privileges
to property owners In the erection of street
signs and transparencies,* and
Whereas, As'privileges of this character havt
heretofore been enjoyed by our citizens under
and by virtue of resolutions passed by the
Board of Supervisors ; and
Whereas. The signs and transparencies now
erected and maintained are exclusive and per
mits the exercise of thesa privileges only by
the citizens who obtained authority from th«
Board of Supervisors; and
Whereas, All citizens should have equal rights
and should not be discriminated against, but
arc entitled to all the privileges which others
enjoy by permission of the Board of Super
visors, and In order that all citizens should b«
placed In the same condition before the l&w:
therefore, he It
Resolved, That all rights and privileges here
tol»re granted or. exercised to erect signs and
transparencies be and the same are hereby re
scinded, and all resolutions granting or pro
posing to grant the said privileges are hereby
repealed.
Resolved, That the attention of the Board of
Public Works and the Chief of Police Is hereby
.called to the provision* of this resolution.
McCarthy explained that In deference
to many citizens who had endeavored to
obtain special privileges without success
he believed in rescinding permits hereto
fore granted.
"All citizens are entitled to equal priv
ileges," said McCarthy, "but the" priv
ileges should be granted to every pe
titioner that appears before this board or
else all special permits should be with
drawn."
WHO CRIED "WOLFE !" .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3O, 1?PO-
stand. The perpendicular height or alti
tude is the perpendicular drawn from the
angle opposite the base to the base. 5
A triangle is a plane figure contained by
ihree straight lines. The base of a triangle
Is the side upon which it is supposed to
NIGHT SCHOOL: HOW TO DO THINGS.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton
NIGHT SCHOOL COURSE.
V — HOW TO MEASURE TRI- |
ANGLES. '
yards of the lot when thus reduced In
Blze"
The rectangle Is twelve Inches long by
eight inches wide, and the area Is twelva
times eight, or nInety-Blx square inches.
One-half of this is forty-eight: therefore
the area of the triangle la forty-eight
square Inches.
Then to find the area of the triangle we
first find the area of the rectangle inclos
ing: it and take half of the result.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet; creamery. 15@Mc; dairy, 13
@18c. Cheeee. dull, 10H©llV4c. Eggs, quiet:
freeh, 17>£c.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
Local stocks and bends were dull on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange, and
the only change was sn advance In Market-st.
R." R. to $68. There was no change in the
afternoon.
The oil stocks were quite active, and the feel-
Ing was very flrm, several stocks rising
slightly, f &•£¦*¦
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAT, Oct. »-2:3O d. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup...H5«im (s do cp (new).135%138
4s do reg..... .115*4116 Js do coup.. ..110 110H
MISCELJ^ANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.. 102% — Oak Water Sa.UZM —
Cal-st Cab 5s..HS% — Oceanic SS 5S.109W
C C 'Water 5s..lO7}« — ¦ Om C Ry 6s.. 127 ¦ —
Kd L & P 6s.l3l :— Pac G Imp 4s.l«! —
F & a Ry 6s.. .— — P & Cl Ry 6s..lMHl(X
Geary-st R 6s. — — P & O R R 6s. 115 —
BC&SEHa..- — Powell-st R 6s. — —
Do 6s ..100% — Sac E G&R 5s. 100% — '
L A R 6s.. 107Vi — B F & SJV 6S.11SV1"—
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R or Cal 6s.'— 113
Do gntd 6s..; —:'—¦ S P of A 6s...ll2?4 —
L A gntd 6s.. — 10m S P ofC6s{1905)
L A P R R Ss. — 102^ (Series A). ...108 _
Market-st 6S...12SH — Do (Series HjlOS*i —
Do 1st M 6S.11SUU9 S P C 6s <1906)109HU0
N CNGH 7s.H0 1H Do (1912).....lis2 ~"
N R of Cal ta.tl3 ,— 3 P P. 1st g 5s 107% —
Do 5s. ; ...;.;..116U - S P R 6s.. ...130 _
N PC RTi 6s. 102 — 3 V Water 63. 113 11414
Do 6s.........lO6'ilO7Vi Do 4s.. 103 _
N Cal Ry.5s..lllV4 — Do.3d mtge..l02%103
Oak G L & H.110 - Btktn Gas 6s.. 100 -
Oak Trail 6s... U6»ill7 -..'.¦
. A\'ATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69M 70^4 Spring Valley. 93 osu.
Marln County. *1H — ¦' ¦ •
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS
Cent L & P Co 3% 5 Pac L Co. . . u
Equit G L Co. 3^ 3?4 Ft O&RCo « «i
Mutual El Co. — 11 B P, O & E E<Hi si
f> G L & H... 49Vi 49% Ban Krancisco. «£ 6
Pac tias Imp.. 52% 53 stkn « & E Co — U
, . INSURANCE STOCK8.
Flrem'B Fund.225 — '
' .BANK STOCKS.
Ltd. 6S% 70 First Natlonl..29« wo
Cal S D & :T.".103%105 Merchants' Ex lP It
SAVINGS i BANK8.
Qer S & L..... — 1300 Sav 4L So...- 81
¦ Mum S-* L.. — ;.•—". See .Sav. Bk — —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 B5H Union T, Co.II — ' —
b ; *• •'s»v :u.:*.bij —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS
California ;....\U — 10 S L & H..;. 38 «
fj^ B rv-«f ...... *o in •|Prealdlv>r.......Mrt4 a
Markets -^...67* 68* I "':¦ * *f
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $4 81^
Sterling Exchange, sight — * 83* 4
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — 5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7^4
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 64V4,
Mexican Dollars, nominal......;.* COli @ 51
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool showed little change, but
Paris waa lower, j | New York advanced lUc,
and Chicago opened firm, but with little In
quiry. Later on, however, .the -market Im
proved with local support being given, and the
feeling became strong and advancing on un
favorable news from the Argentine, where
frosts were reported. The weather In the
Northwest was wet, which gave • the market
a' steady outlook. The American visible sup
ply Increased 1,460,000 bushels. The world's
shipments for the week - were 286,000 quarters
from Russia, 105,000 quarters from the Danub
lan provinces and 29,000 quarters from the Ar
gentlne.^&gFBtggtsepiEgjjis
Local spot quotations were unchanged, but
futures were several fractions higher. :
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; Milling. , 97V»c©$l
per ctl. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Seeslon— 9:16 o'clock— May— 22,000
ctls, $1 04H: 60C0, $104%.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, $1 04%.
Regular Morning • Session— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 04*»: 6000, $1 04Vi: 2000, $1 04H.
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls, 97%c
May— 2000. $1 04.
BARLEY— The feeling was rather firm than
otherwise, but prices ehowed no change.
Feed. 72V4c for choice bright, 70c for No. 1
and 62^<g67Uc for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. 75@S0c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Selond Session— No change.
Regular, Morning Session— No sales.
' "Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Collection day made the market dull,
but there waa no weakness visible.
White, $1 35J.il 50; Surprise, U 45@1 65; Red.
$1 16(51 25 for feed and $1 25@1 40 for seed; Gray.
$1 JSfil 85; Black, for feed, $1 12V401 20; for
sp«1. ?1 ?;h©i 32"A per ctl.
CORN— The market Is quiet and unchanged,
with light offerings. Eastern yellow, $1 20<3
1 2214: white, $1 22HS1 23%; Eastern mixed.
$1 20^1 21U per ctl.
RYE— 90c per ct!.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75^2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $S 60©
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40®3 60;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75®3. 10 per bbl for
family and $3 16@3 60 for bakers'; Eastern.
$4 75®5 75 per bbl. -
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50<§3 76; ! Buckwheat Flour, $4(ff4 23;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 60: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $60
7 25: In sacks, $5 75® 7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. $6; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Volunteer descriptions of Hay are quoted
weak, . with a downward tendency, though
there Is no decline. Grain Hay is steady.
There Is no change in Bran and Middlings,
though there were free receipts of Bran from
Oregon."
BKAN— $15 60816 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50«?19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15 50®16 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25^26; Job
bing. $26 60; Cocoanut Cake. $17018; Corn Meal,
J26«27; Cracked Corn. $26 50@27 60; Mixed Feed,
$15®16. I
HAY— Volunteer. $5@S; Wheat, $11©13 50;
Wheat and Oat. I10O12 50; Oat. $9011 60; Clover,
$5®7: Alfalfa. $6 60©8 50; Barley, $7®9 per ton.
bTRAW— S5@45c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Beans were the heaviest this sea
son, being 11,407 sks.. but dealers continue to
quote a strong market.
BEANS- Bayos. tZ 40^2 60: Small White
$3 S5@4; Larse White, $2 7Sg-3; Pink. $1 90«
2 10; Red. $3 23; Blackeye. $2 8^3: Lima.
$5 15@5 20; Pea. $3 75®4; Red Kidney, $3 75^4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 2'A'i- 4); Canary
Zhia per lb for California. and' 4c for Eastern-
Alfalfa, 9@flHc; Rape, 2tf®3c; Hemp, 4Q4Vjc :
Timothy, 4fl4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— N'lles, $1 50®2; "Green. $180(21
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 50® 1 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions continue to advance. Good Potatoes
are steady. Vegetables stand about the same,
except Peas and Beans, which are very firm.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70@S0c; Burbanks.
30®50c for Rivers and S5c@$l 15 per ctl for
Salinas and 60Q90c for Oregon; Sweets, 5O@76c
ior stivers ana yuc tor Aiercen. 4
ONIONS— 85c#$l 10 per ctl;- Pickle Onions, 60<3
60c.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas; 4£5c per ' lb:
Garden Peaa sold as high as 9c; String Beans,
lt?3c; Llmas. 2ST3c per Ib; Cabbage, $1;-Toma
toes, Bay, 25@75c; Egg Plant, 25'S?50c per box;
Green Okra, 60S 60c; Green Peppers. S0i§S0c
per box for Chill and 40@50c for Bell; Dried
Peppers, 10f915c; Carrots. 2a<g35c per sack: Sum
mer Squash, 60{?S5c for Alameda; Cucumbers.
35650c for Alameda; Pickles, II £0 per box for
No. 1 and $1 for No. 2; Garlic, 4@5c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, 5ST/10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry came In.
There were no receipts of domestic stock to
speak of.
Game was steady and quotations showed very
little change.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; old Turkeys, 11@
12Hc; DreEsed Turkeys. 16c; Geese, per pali,
*1 50®l 75; Goellngs,- $1 75©2; Ducks. $3<S?4 for
old and $3 50Q>4 50 for young; Hens. $3 &)«4 BO;
Young Roosters. $3 50®-4; Old Roosters, $3 50®
4; Fryers, $3 25fi3 50; Broilers, $3@3 25 for large
anri $2 F.0fJ3 for small; Pigeons, $1 per dozen
for old and $1 75®2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25 for .Valley and $2 for
Mountain; Mallard. $4fi6; Canvashack. $4<3'6:
Sprig, $2 50©3 60: Teal. $2 50®3; Widgeon, $1 75
@2 60; Small Duck, $1 75@2; Gray Geese, $3:
White Geese. $1®1 50; Brant. $1 60 for small
and $2®2 50 for large: English Snipe, $123®
150: Jack Snipe, $1; Hare. - $1@1 25; Rabbits.
$1 25@1 B0 for cottontail and $1 for brush; Doves,
60c per dozen. ¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs continue Blow : at the ' high prices, aa
buyers purchased only from hand to mouth and
stocks of ranch are no smaller than they were
last week. ry v.
Butter shows no change. There Is less weak
ness, but no steadiness. Stocks are more than
dealers care to handle.
There is no change In cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 2$U@24c; Sec
onds, 22%e23c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22^c; good to choice, 21@22c;
common, 20c.
Creamery tub— 20®22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c. •
Firkin— 18(919c. - ¦ '
StoniRe goods — 22'.4®!4c
CHEESE— New, .ll^c; old, 9®llo; Young
America, ll'/iigtfHc; Eastern, 13Vi@Hc: West
ern. M®l2e per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20©30c for ntore and S7%@
44c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, ¦ 18@2So.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grapes have a wide range, . according
to condition... A good , part of tho arrivals are
not much better than swill, being . wet and
moldy. Table Grapes are flulet and not ma
terially changed. '..-
A car of Oregon , Spltzenbergs will be in to
day. ¦- .-¦¦¦• ,.--.
.v Oranges, are 'quoted higher and In ready, de
mand. • Lemons and Limes continue ¦ dull and
Dlentlful. • - •
Small Red Plums ¦• are In excessive supply
and practically , unsalable.
' ¦ DECIDUOUS ' FRUITS— ¦
=. APPLES— 25®50c per . box . for common ' and
60@90c for good, to choice; SDltzenbergs, 60c(&11.
." PEARS— Winter. Nellls, 60c@$l; Cooking
Pears. 'JRiSfiSc ner box.
"QUINCES— 25®65c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 35©75c per box.
' CRANBERRIES— Cape - Cod, $3 5008 75 per
barrel; Con* Hay. *2(ff2 25-per box."
STRAWBERRIES-$3©5 per . chest ) for large
and $S«?9 for small berries. ,
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6<56c per pound.
. RASPBKRRIES— $4 6(X&6 per chest. • " '
POMF,GRANATES—30@75c, according to size
°* ox * ' ¦¦'".;'¦ »ABEHHBMHnEEHi
;; PLUMS— 20@40c per box. ¦ ' -'
•BLACKBERRIES— $8 per chest..-- . >
. GRAPES— Muscats. Tokays. - Verdells, . black'
(his wife) to Jesse Mooore-Hunt Company of
San Francisco, lot on SW corner of Joy ani
Cannlne streets. S 2C0 by XV 80. lots 9 to 12.
block H. on map of resubdlvlsion portion Rob
erts & Wolfskin Tract. Oakland: $10.
James J. Collins to Michael and Mary Nolan
lot on N line of Atlantic street, 140:'H E of
Wood. E 34:9%. N 105:1 3-16. W S3 7-18 to be
ginning 1, betng a portion of block 27. on Map .1;
Oakland Point Railroad ferry landing. Oak
land; flO.
George W. Halght. Sidney LoveU, Bryant
Kelsey. William W. Bruner. W. II. Knight
(as administrator estate Spencer G. Browno
et al..- by Chester W. Keogh. commissioner >
to George W. Halght (assigned to Ida. C Kel
sey). entire fractional block «. Clinton bounflej
by East Ninth and East Tenth streets. Sec
ond and Third avenues, except W corner of
Kast Tenth street and Third avenue, NW 150
by SW 250. Kast Oakland; $1200.
Same (by same) to same, lot on SW line of
Eaet Tenth street. 100 NW of Third avenu*
NW B0. SW M. SW 250. SE 150. NE 10 NW
100. NE 240. East Oakland: J103.
Gustav L. C. S. and Louise C. A- itoller to
Helen M. Jones. lot on E line of Adeline street.
333.65 N of Ashby avenue. N 38.30, E 93 S £>
W 103.92 to beginning, being the S portion of
lot 21. blcck A, Adeline Tract. Berkeley; JSOO
Catherine Danahy to Gee Quong Woo. lot on
S line of Dwlght way. ISO XV of Fulton stwt
w 50 by S 135, lot 30. Steele Tract. Berkeley"
J26C0.
Builders' Contracts.
American Biscuit Company ' {owners) with
Ralston Iron Works (contractors), architects
Wright & Sander*—Metal work for addition to
buildings for the American Biscuit Company
on the NW corner of Broadway and Battery
street; ?2073.
John T. Williams (owner) with Edward Gin
ley (contractor), architect Matthew O'Brien-
All work for a two-story and basement fann
building on the E line of Tenth avenue. 150 N
of Clement street. N 50 by E 130; (3750.
F. F. A and Mary Beretta (owners) with L.
Medes (contractor and architect)—All work for
a five-room and basement frame building co
the N'llne of Francis street, 125 W of Mission.
W 25 by N 100, Academy Tract: $1340.
G. Talerl (owner) with Petterson & Pe»*aa
(contractors), architects William Mooser & Son
—AH work for a one-story and basement brick
building on the E line of Oh!o street, 57 8 of
Broadway, E 65 by S 80:6; $i«00.
Slg Stern (owner) with Bush & Mallet Com
pany (contractors), architect Richard n. Hunt
—Tile, mosaic marble, marble and stone work
etc.. for a two-story, attic and basement frame
building on lot commencing 14:10 N of Pactna
avenue curb line and 15 E of Octavla street
curb line, N 132:TVi by E 70: JI625.
Same owner with J. R. Tobin (contractor)
architect same—Plastering, stucco cement,
papier mache. ornamental work, etc., for sarai
on same; $3000.
Thomas G. Taylor (owner) with H. H. Larsea
A Bros, (contractors), with Petterson & Pers
son (sub-contractors), architect Albert Sntrorv-
Arch center, roofing, galvanized iron, down
spouts, skylights, elevator houses, electric wir
ing, painting, whitewashing, plastering, car
penter work, flre-proof doors, etc., for a 4-story
and basement brick building on the 3W llna
of Beale street. 229:3 NW of Mission. XW 4S
by SW 137:6: J3163.
Same owner, same contractor, with Ralston
Iron Works (sub-contractor), architect same-
Iron work for same, on same; X22K.
Alfred WartenweJler (owner) with Edward
T. Lelter (contractor), architect Edgar A-
Mathetrs—All work for a two-story frame
dwelling on the N line of Washington street
C6 W of Baker. N 102. W 25. S 102. E 23; $TS67!
American Biscuit Company (owners) with
Thomas XV. Butcher (contractor), architects
Wright & Sanders—Brick and stone work for
addition to buildings of said company, brick,
stone and wood structure on NW corner of
Broadway and Battery street: J5S00.
George K. and Bessie Holloway to Fannte L.
Fine, lot on S line of Tompklns (or Oregon)
street. 160 E of Dwinelle, E 40. by S 133 por
tion lot 4, block 8. Map of State University
g^iST^ffigr^w: "ubJect to * mortsa *'
POWDER STOCKS.
California ..... — 160 Vlgorlt . .— >% *H
Giant Con Co.. 83% -
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 7 7% Kllauea SP Co »% 7-
Haw C & S Co S3 - S4 Makawell S Co 41% 41%
Honokaa S Co. 30% — Onomea S Co. 28% —
Hutch S P Co 25 — Paauhau 8 Co. 30% 31
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l249»124% Pac A F A... H4 —
Cal Fruit Asn.101 — Pac C Bor Co. — —
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 10O Par Paint Co. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. 93 S3
Morning Session.
" Board— ¦ • • . • _,
100 Equitable Gas J JiJ*
50 Hana Plantation Co. cash .; JJ»
5 Hutchinson S P Co... *• ~Ji /
10 Makawell *\ }£*
50 Market Street Railway..... ,« £»
$1000 Oceanic S 8 Bonds J...... ..109 60
Afternoon Session.
• Board — • .. _
15 Alaska Packers' Assn *?* •*
10 California Fruit Canners* 1C0 50
10 California Fruit Canners' c I 21
5 Giant Powder Con •-- J* *?
' 40 Hawaiian Com & Sugar -•• °* J?
160 Honokaa S Co 3° J*
10 Makawell *} Jj>
10 Makawell • *} " Vl
10 Oceanic S S Co » £}
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 75
Street— •
10 S V Water ¦ M H
' PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— "
200 Cala-Standard ....;.... 34
2000 Cala-Standard. s 30 , «
22 Home Oil * ¦?
iroo Independence **
1CO0 Independence , b 30 • z *
100 Independence 25
10O McKittrlck Consolidated, s 30 «
J00 McKittrick Consolidated 33
600 Monarch of' Arizona 41
300 Monarch of Arizona 40
1600 Monte Cristo 1 fj
SCO Monte Cristo 1 J*H
JOOO Petroleum Center 20
E0 Petroleum Center _ JJ
120 San Joaquln Oil & Development » 3.%
10O Twenty-eight ; J*
300 Twenty-eight ~ 2 10
Street— • . '
1000 Monarch oif Arizona ?»
Afternoon Session.
Board— 3B8B . „.
5 Blue Goose * °0
10 Kern River • • " CO
100 McKittrlck Consolidated *}
100 McKittrlck Consolidated, s 30 ««
450 McKittrick Consolidated 37
200 Monte Cristo J J^»
25 Monte Cristo * j~
300 Petroleum Center JX
200 Royal •£
250 Twenty-eight z w
¦ - Street— „,.
250 Petroleum Center jj
200 Yukon 5'
1200 qala-Standarfl - "
MINING STOCKS.'
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterdaz:
500 Belcher 14 300 Ophlr «
2C0 Best & Belcher 25 200 Potosl 15
200 Con Cal A Va..l 00 600 Savage 21
1300 Con Imperial... 01 400 Sierra Nevada. 26
100 Crown Point... 11 600 Sierra Nevada. 25
800 Gould & Curry. 73 300 Union Oon 20
100 Mexican 33 100 Yellow Jacket.. 17
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 12 100 Ophlr 81
400 Best & Belcher 25 100 Savage 20
60 Con Cal & Va..l 05 500 Sierra Nevada. 25
SCO Crown Point... 10 60 Sierra Nevada. 24
100 Crown Point... 11 600 Union Con 19
300 Mexican 32 100 Utah 03
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
BOO Belcher 15 700 Ophlr 83
300 Best A" Belcher 25 200 Ophlr 84
400 Chollar ......... 18 4C0 Savage 21
1100 C C & Va....lO2%' 900 Sierra Nevada. 26
600 Crown Point.... Hi 700 Utah OS
350 Mexican 33 i
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 13 1 200 Ophlr SI
200 Best & Belcher 25 200 Potosl 14
60O Chollar 17 300 Savage 19
300 Gould & Curry. 72 200 Silver Hill 82
ZOO Mexican 33 200 Silver Hill 33
400 Mexican 32) 200 Union Con 20
600 Ophir 821-600 Union Con li
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Oct. 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 03 04
Alta 02 04 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 07 OS Lady Wash.... — 03
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 31 32
Best & Belcher 24 25 Occidental 08 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 81 82
Caledonia 36 37 Overman 07 OS
Chollar 17 18 Potosl ., '.. 14 15
Challenge Con. 13 11! Savage 19 20
Confidence 60 65 Scorpion — OS
Con Cal & Va..l 00 1 05 Seg Belcher.... 01 02
Con Imperial... 01 C2 Sierra Nevada. 24 25
Con New York. 01 -(silver Hill 32 34
Rureka Con.... — 45 St Louis — 12
Crown Point.... 10 11 Standard 3 40 3 60
Exchequer ..... — 02 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 72 74 Union Con 19 20
Hale & Nor.... 27 23 Utah 08 09
Julia 02 04 Yellow Jacket.. 18 13
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Margaret McAllister (Donovan), formerly
Marearet Donovan Blackstaff (wife of John
McAllister) to Ann Donovan (widow), lot on W
line of Polk street. 69:6 S of Green. S 23 by W
81:6; also lot on W line of Polk street. 46:6 S
of Green. S 23 by W 84:6; gift.
Edward. William and Jeanette Wolf to Bat
tlste and Michel Cianciarulo. lot on N line of
Ellis street. 137:6 E of Octavla, E 27:6 by I*
137:6: $10.
Lydia B. and Arthur G. Flsk and Flora E.
Wertheimer to Aloysia M. Kearns. lot on NW
corner of Eddy street and Bourbon place. W
32:6 by N 75: $10.
Henri- H. and Nellie J. .Wood to Eliza T.
Wilson, lot on NW corner of Masonic avenue
and Frederick street, W 36 by N 113:9. quit
claim deed; $10.
W. A. Frederick to Frank L. Bateman. lot on
N line of Page street, 171:8 W of Cole. W 33
by N 137:8; $10.
Security Loan Association to Georglaiut A.
Kernan. lot on W line of Vlcksburg street, 43
N of Elizabeth. N 20 by W 92; $10.
Steohen A. and Mary L. Born to James J.
Gerran. lot on N line of Alvarado street. 205
W of Sanchez. W 25 by N 114; $10.
Edward J. and Carrie D. Holt to Emma
Benke. lot on N line of Lombard street, 137:6
E of Dupont. E 20 by N 137:6; $10.
Marie de Bernardl to Leon de Bernard!, lot
on'N line of Filbert street, 137:6 E of Dupont.
E 17:2Vi by N 137:6; $10.
Enoch Foster to W. F. Lanmelster, lot on
SW line of Second street. 106:3 SE of Brannan.
SE 75 by SW 160; $500.
Charles R, and Henrietta V. Peterson and
Siegfried and Eva M. Marcus to National Ice
Company, lot on NW corner of Rhode Island
and Alameda streets. W 100 by N 125; $10.
Samuel and Amy B. Center to Charles R. Pe
terson and Siegfried Marcus, lot on NW corner
of Fifteenth (El Dorado) and Vermont streets,
N 100 by W 200; $10.
Jacob and Llna Hey man to Ida M. Cam
brldc*. lot on N line of K street, 57:« E of
Forty-eighth avenue. N 100 by E 25; $10.
Flora D. Jones to Llppmann Sachs, lot on W
line of Forty-first avenue, 100 S of S street. S
60 by W 120; $1.
A. B. Patrick &. Co. (a corporation) to Martin
Holle. re-record 1830 D. 188. . lot I on E corner of
Potomac or R street and Sixth avenue. SE
87:6 by NE 200, block 93. O"N. & H. Tract; $4000.
Daniel Daley to Southern Pacific Company,
lot on SW line of Fourteenth avenue. 250 NW
of P street. NW 50 by SW 100. block 292. same;
$10. - ¦ .
Security Loan Association to Julia Descalso.
lot on E line of Stanyan street. 75 S of Rivoll.
S 25 by E 100. lot 4. block 3, subdivision 1 of
Clarendon Heights: $2700.
C. A. Rltter to Herman A. Hagan. lots 704.
708. 710 and 712. Gift Map 2. quitclaim deed; $1.
Charles H. and M. M. or Marguerite Lux
(bi- trustees. S. B. Hunklns and J. D. Rad
ford. trustees. Garden City Bank and Trust
Company) to Henry Lux, all property In estate
of Charles Lux; $5000.
Alameda County.
Joseph Taylor to John E. Taylor Jr., lot
o*n S\V corner county road Oakland to San
Leandro and Tevls street, W 13:7 to E line lot
8. block 775, Levy Tract, thence S 195:1 to a
rolct in W line of Tevls. distant 194:2 S from
point of beginning, thence N 194:2 to beginning,
valtclaim deed, Brooklyn Township; $10.
i Annette Marlstany to Rose M. Qulnan. lota
1, 2 and 3, block T. on map of lands adjacent
to Enclnai. Alameda: $10.
Max and Emma Glas to Favalla Peabody
(wife of P. T.). lot on W line of Pearl street,
250 S of Central avenue, S 50 by W 272, lot «.
block 10. map Hays & Caperton property, sub
ject to deed of trust for $1300. to correct deed
of Sectember 29. 1900. Alameda; $10.
ilary Stackpole «by H. J. Tomblln. commis
sioner) to J. B. Overton. lot on X line of
Eighteenth street, 400 W of Telegraph avenue
E 37:6. N US. W Xl;t,.B 113, to beginning be
ing lot 16 and W % oi lot 15. Campbell Tract
Oakland; $15,114. n
Louis Relchhold to Samuel O. Holmes, lot on
E line of Louise street, 325 N of B. N 25 by E
133. belnsr • subdivision B of lot 4, block 800
Watts. Tract, map 2, Oakland; $10.
Elolse Parklson (single) and Maud Weeks
(Parkison. wife of Walter) to Anna Hornby
lots 4 and 5 In subdivision 17 of Glen Echo
Tract. Oakland ; $10. .'
James Moffltt to Mary E. Knowies, lot 7
block D, and lot 5, block R, Knowles and Pot
ter subdivision Kennedy Tract, quitclaim deed
East Oakland: $">.
Elizabeth E. Laursen fwldow) to Security In
vestment Company, lot 3, block 10, North Ala
meda Tract, formerly known as the Valdez
and Glaseock Tract, subject to mortraxe.
Brooklyn Township; $10-
Mlnnle E. Barney to George Sterling, lot -on
NW. line of Adams street.. £32:10 NE of Lee
NE 1S8:2 by NW 120, lota 30. 31 and 32. and
NE 38:2 lof 29. block E, - on map of lands of
Oakland View . Homestead Association, being
a portion of Walsworth 10O-acre tract, quitclaim
de»d. Oakland; $1.
Thomas F. Hagerty (by W. S. . Ha rlow. com
missioner) to Francis H. Page, lot on E line
of Magnolia street, 1C8:« N of West Third
street, N 75 by-E 128. lots It 12 and 12. block
4TT. Brlggs Tract Map 2. Oakland; $430. -¦ ,
D. W. Hill. Charles E. and C. E. Bernard
and other ordinary varieties, 25@50c per small
box and 40@65c per crate; Isabellas, In crates.'
75c6$l;. Cornlchons, in crates, 60@75c; Wine
Grat>es,- $1S@2O for White, $20@22 for Mission
and $15©25 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 25@50c per case; Canta
loupes. 50c@$l 25 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Naval Oranges, $4®5;
Seedlings. $2 50; - Lemons, - 40c@$l 25 for com
mon and $1 50^2 50 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes. $4@4 50; Bananas. $1 75@2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 5O@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The operations of the prune combine are the
most Interesting; things In this market at the
moment, and one may hear almost any report
about it on the street. The latest is that the
directors have issued a circular emDOWerin*
packers to buy prunes from anybody outside
th« osbociation in order that all outside lots
may bo thus brought into the combine. Another
is that outside growers in the San Joaqun
district, belns unable to sell their prunes, are
trying to get Into the association. Still another
is that . President Bond has refused to admit
aiij- • more outsiders on the ground that the
association has not storage room for its own
members, every warehouse being full. In
short, one may hear almost any story If he
goes out among the frade.
FRUITS — I'runes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes, 3c;
40-50s 7c; 60-60C t%c; 6O-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs, 3%c;
S0-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bies, V4<: premium; Sonoxnas, %c and San Joa
uulns %c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand t..e same. Apricots, ti#
Sc for Rovals and 10@Il'ic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Appleo. 4@4%c; sun-dried, 2%@4c;
Peaches, 4%<S5o for standard, 5@6c for choice
and 707140 for fancy; Pears, 2@7c: Plums,
pitted, 6®6%c: unpitted, lglHc: Nectarines, b'si
6l"C for red and 5»/i.<iiCc for white. .
HAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices • for the
icason of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice. He; standard. 8&c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10%c per lb; choice, 9V4c; standard, 834c:
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 6%c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, Cc;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown, $1 60 per box: 3-crown, $1 80; Fancy
Clusters $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f . o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7@8c per,lb; Walnuts, No.
1 softshell, lie; No. 2, 8c: No.-l hardshell, 10c;
No. 2. 7%c; Almonds, 15@16c for paper-shell.
lKgl2'*c for softshell; Peanuts, 6*»6c for East
ern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, Uc; Pecans, 11
@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 6005. '
HONEY— Comb. 13'^©14%c for bright and 12%
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7M4J8C; light amber, extracted, 7@7%c; dark, 6
C6%c per lb.
BEESWAX-24@26c ' oer lb.
Provisions. ' J
CURED MEATS —.Bacon, ll%c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13%c for light,
14o for extra' light and 15%c for sugar curea:
Eastern sugar-cured hams, 12c; Mess Beef
$U 50 per bbl; extra Mess. $13 50; Family, $14;
extra Prime Pork, $16; extra clear. $19 60; Mess,
$17; Smoked Beef, 13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
9*c; 10-lb tins, 10%c; 6-lb tins. 10%c.
COTTOLEXE — One-half barrel, 8«4c: three
half barrels, S%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; live tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9%c; medium. 8%c; light, 8%c; Cow
hides. 8%c; Stags. 6c: Salted Kip, 9c; Salted
Veal, '9c: Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; culls.
13@14c; Dry Kip. 15gi5c; Dry Calf, 16c; culls
and brands, 13@14c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 15g25c each; short Wool, 30@40c each
medium, 50@70c: long Wool, 75c@$l each: Horse
Hides, salt, $2©2 25 for large, $1 75 for medium
$1 for srtfc.ll and 60c for colts; Horse Hides'
dry, $1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for
small and 25&50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins. S5c: fall or medium skins. 30c
winter or thin skins, 17%©20c. ' Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c
medium, 35c. ¦ - '. • '
TALLOW— No. I rendered, 4©4%c per lb; No.
2. 3®3%c; grease. 2«2%c. ' " ™ *7* -7'
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15fil6c; Northern, defective l*a
14c; Middle County, free, 14£l6c: Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12©14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain. fr*e, 7
months'. 11012c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', 9t?llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno 16
617c; Nevada, 13@l6c per lb.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln, .<%@Sc: do Lambs' 8
©9c; Middle County. 9011c per lb.
HOPS— 11%©14%C per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is nothing new to report In this
market. g
BEEF— 6@6%o for Steers and 5®5%o p«r lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7©Sc; small. S%O9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©7%c; ewes, 6%©tc per
pound.
LAMB— 8@8%c per lb.
PORK-Llve Hogs. 8%c for small. 5%<j for
medium and 5uc for large: Mock Hogs and
feeders, 5c; dressed Hogs. 7*4S8%c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%@6tfe; Wool
Bags, 2$%@32%c: Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit
Khed'1^ 0 f ° r WhUe « d 85i ® 8 * C S
COAL— Wellington, S3 par ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7^ Bryant. 7j7- oS2
Bay, $5 60: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative WalN
send. $9- Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $12 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Err 114- run
nel. $12 per ton; Coke. $15 per top in bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 45 per 2CC0 lbs and $S 60 per ton. according to
brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlne Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.65c: Powdered. 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.25c; Dry Granulated. 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.15c; Magnolia A, 6.76c- Extra r>
6.66c; Golden C. 5.65c; barrels. 10c more- half I
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 6O0 more; 60-lb bass.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 76
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos. half-har
rtls. 6.90c; boxes, 7.15c per lb. "
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 29.
Flour, qr sks 11.145 Onions, sks.. inn
Wheat, ctls 6.S02 Bran, sks " i%
Barley, ctls 54.079 Middlings. B ks. 8M
Oats, ctls 390 Shorts, sks... 25
Cheese, ctls 45 Hay. tons 540
Butter, ctls 232 Wool, bales.... 17a
Tallow, ctls 228 Pelts, bdls. ....... 17s
Raisins, bxs 8.325 Hides. No 49s
Lime, bbls 36» Quicksilver, fisks 92
Rugar. bbls.. 217 Wine, gals 52 850
Sugar, sks 1,166 Leather, rolls.... 287
Beans, sks... 11.407 Eggs, doz 12 240
Potatoes, sks 2.392 ', U ' 2W .
OREGON.
Flour, <jr sks 15,540 Oats,. ctla... ...... 6 090
Wheat, ctls. 8,130 '
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 2,120/
XEW TORK. Oct. ».— FLOUR— Receipts, 84,
058 barrels; exports, 77,110 barrels; sales, 12,000
jackages. Market more active and steadier, in
tone.
WHEAT— Receipts, 74.000 bushels: exports,
101,64s, bushels; sales,. 4,650,000 bushels futures
and' 240.0CO epoL Spot-Firm; No. J red, ,7S?»c
f. 6.;b. afloat;No.<2 red,'; 76%e elevator ;' No.; 1
Northern Duluth,' MKo f: o.:b.7anos,t;."No/ l
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— pee. j> b .
Opening 510% 6
Closing 6 11% 614
PARIS. .
'Wheat— Oct. Jan.-April
Opening 19 76 2105
Closing U70 2106
Flour-
Opening 25 35 27 15
Closing 25 45 27 15
Chicago Livestock Market. •
CHICAGO. Oct. 29. — CATTLE — Receipts
22.000. Including 500 Westerns and 1500 Texans.
Choice, steady; Steers, slow to 10c lower!
Butcher's Stock and Westerns about steady!
Good to Prime Steers, $5 60@6; Poor to Medium*
$4 40(^5 40; Selected "Feeders, steady. $4 05@4 40'
Mixed etockers, slow. 12 75®3 75; Cows. J2 5iK£
4 10; Heifers, »2 65@4 75; Canners, $1 75(tf'> 4<v
Bulls, firm. $2 50®4 50; Calves, steady. Jig 6 50 :
Texas Fed Steers, W8i 85; Grass Steer« $3 25
@4 10; Bulls. $2 G0@3 26. ' ** "
HOGS — ReceiDts to-day 33,000. to-morrow 25 -
000; left over 2500 Opened weak to Be lower:
closed strong and higher; top, 14 85. Mixed
and Butchers, »4 45®4 85; cfood to Choice
Heavy. $4 B5@4 82%; Rough Heavy, $4 4004 70-
Light. $4 35®4 85; Bulk. $4 55@4.75 '
SHEEP— Receipts, 24.000. Sheep and Lambs
choice, about Bteady. others 10c lower. Good
?, e !ir" n|f "' ** 20 ® 4 °! aoo(1 Choice Wethers
*3 7694 10; Fair to Choice Mixed. $3 4003 90'
Western Sheep. $3 SSQA 10; Native Lambs. 14 23
®5 35; Western Lambs. $4 25^5 30.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 29.-The week started In
the metal market with general dullness
throughout the list and prices were about
nominal. Piglron warrants were weak at 8 76®
9 <5. Lake Copper was dull at $16 75@i« 87%
Lead and spelter both continue dull and tin
changed at *4 37% and $4 1004 15. Tin ™ied dufl
al $27 60628 10. The brokers' price fo/Yeld £a»
$4 and for copper $16 87%. -
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW TORK. Oct. 23.— The statement of the
visible supply. of grain In store and afloat on
Saturday, October 27, as compiled by the Now
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decree.
Wheat 59.773.000 1.480 000 " wreas e-
Corn 8,144.000 " Von'mn
Oats 12.536.000 226,000 ' W
Rye .......... 1.050,000 33.000 "-**- '
Barley 8,046.000 742,000 '.'.'.I'.
Portland's Business.
an P e2? T iw D ' ' ° Ct 2 »- Cleartn *». J&35.815; bal-
• OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 29.— There Is vm lltn.
wheat Belling In the local market, but some
dealers are not quoting over 62@62%c for w.n.
Walla. Others are paying 63c, but are not li
curing much wheat, even at that figure Binl
Stem U quoted at 55%©56c. . e V Blue
TACOMA. Oct. 29.-WHEAT-DUH nothing
<Joir.gr; Prices nominal. Blue Stem, 55c ; Club
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. ¦ 29.-<X>TTON-Futures
closed steady at 01SH5 points lower.
Foreign Markets.
; LONDON.^ Oct.* 29.^Consol«. SS^@98 13-16; sli
ver,: 23 13-16d;; French' rentes, .1001 10c@100f,' 20c;
Nrjj York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 29.— The stock market
ercwed plainly enough this morning that the
recent headlong speculation has overdone the
prosperous conditions offered by the renewed
outside Interests In stocks. There was a con
cplcuouc absence of any sensational story of
van continental railroad consolidations and
new orean-to-oceaa combinations, such as were
a furor every day last week. Like a toper
the stock market quickly felt the need of the
customary "bracer" and began to fall away In
a mood of depression. People who bought
stacks last week on the strangth of some of
the startling stories current were uneasy this
morning when prices began to ko downward, in
*pite of the absence of Had news and hastened
to iwil. adding to the depression. Among pro
fwsloral traders there was a general feeling
that a reaction was overdue and thus the mar
ket ignored favorable reports and either sold
to realize or put out short lines. The resump
tion of work among: the miners In the anthra
cite region was one favorable factor, putting an
end as it does to a long-etandlng drag on many
».idr»h' varied industries and settling the per
sifttent uncertainty as to the final outcome of
th~ controversy. The coalers were heavy. A
preliminary decline in Tennessee Coal uncov
wed a stop loss order, causing a violent break
of four points In the stock and sympathetic
weakness In the whole group. The shutting
<own in some departments of the Federal
Company's plant at Joliet served also to de
jjiess the group. The important specialties and
Industrials showed a rather acute reactionary
tendency, following the highly artificial ad
vance of l£ft week. Declines in this group ran
from a fraction over a point up to S and 3%
l*oints in some of the New Tork stocks. In
the railroad crcup the declines were mod
erate, but a lengthened lit.t fell 1 to 1% points
below Saturday. Northern Pacific was inclined
tj resist the depression all day and In the late
dealings it was run up 2 points from the low
«*rt. giving a better tone to the whole market
The systematic rally exceeded a point in a num
ber of cases, but the closing was still below
Katurday's level. Money conditions were dis
tinctly easier and the maximum call loan rate
was 4 per cent. The tone of the time money
market waa also easy. Apparently there waa
no further uneasiness over the future cf the
market. The news of a further shipment from
Australia en Saturday of $3,000,000 in gold fur
thered this feeling. Sterling exchange hard
ened In response to the firmer money market
In London, which vai a result of the operations
of the Bank of England In withdrawing gold
from the open market with the purpose of lift-
Ing the money rate. From Berlin came the
report that the money market conditions have
ceased to excite apprehension, a development
that helps to account for the strength of North
ern Pacific.
The dealings in bonds were large, but the
price was irregular. Total sales, $1,745,000.
United States new fours advani-M % and the
threes and fives rejrteter^d % per cent.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Fher«-.s ]/^ ~--^ JB9BR '¦ Cloeing
Hold. Stock— Bid.
11.3«0 Atch'.son 31*4
IS.SfS AtofciEOti prefd 73%
£,€70 Baltimore & Ohio 74%
Canadian Pacific S6%
600 Canada Southern f.2
2,7?0 Chesapeake & Ohio 29%
CS2 Chicago Great Western ;.. 11%
j,M<» fhlcasro. Ruriinston & Qulncy 1£7
Chicago, lnd & Louisville 22
Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd f4
Chicago & Eastern Illinois.. 5:%
2f>0 Chicago A Northwestern 160
4.1GQ '"Iji'-aco. Rock Island & Pacific 103%
200 C C C 4 ft Louts 62
Colorado Houthern .................... 5%
115 Colorado Southern 1st prefd.. ss%
<V>lorado Fouthrrn td prefd. 15%
100 Delaware A- Hudson 112
100 r>elaware. Lackawanna & Western.. 175
r>enver & Rio Grande. IS14
....... rvnver & Rio Grande prefd .-.. 691*
Krie 11%
TA Erie 1st prefd 34
ft).". Great Northern prefd .161
PX) Hocking Coal *. '. 16%
JM Hocking Valley 36
350 Illinois Central 118
2'<> Iowa Central '. 19
Iowa Central prefd 41
tOO L*ke r>ie & Western...... ..23%
Lake rrie & Westernr prefd in
Lake Fhore 206%
3 rift. Louisville & Nashville...:. 74%
13,€20 Manhattan Elevated /. 96-
J.O62 Metropolitan Street Railway 15S%.
too Mexican. Central 11«4
200 'Minneapolis & St l«oulf.... .......... £&%
Articles. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21.000 82,000
Wheat, bushels 118,000 * 684,000
Corn, bushels 271,000 705,000
Oats, bushels 202.000 722,000
Rye. bushels 5.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 104.000 46 000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet;
No. 3 spring wheat, 68ia72 1 / ic: No. 2 red. 72%@
75%c; No. 2 corn, 36%® 37c; No. 2 yellow, 36%
37c; No. 2 oats, 22@22%c; No. 2 white, 25>i«?>
25%c; No. 3 white. 23%@25%c; No. 2 rye, 4Sc;
good feeding barley, 37c; fair to choice malting,
47@C6c; No. 1 flaxseed, 31 74; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 75; prime timothy seed, 14 30; mess pork,
per barrel, |11 50; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 07%
@7 10; short ribs sides (loose), $6 70fj6 90; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), CSC'-ic; short clear
sides (boxed), $8 75'g6 85; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade. $10@lO 25.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 71% 72% 71% .72%
November 71% 72% 71% 72%
December 72% 72% 72% 73%
Corn No. 2 —
October 87»4 87% 36% 36\
November 36% 86% 35% 35 T 4
December 36 35% 34% ¦" '"84%
May 56% 36% 35% S6
Oats No. 2 —
October 21% 21% 21% 21%
November 21% 21% 21% 21%
December 21% 22 21% 22
May 23% 23J4 23% 23%
Mess pork, per barrel-
October 16 00
November 10 65 10 80 10 65 10 80
January 11 12% 11 20 11 10 11 15
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October .' 7 05
November 7 00 7 15 6 97% 7 02%
January 6 65 6 72% 6 65 6 67%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
October " 6 75
November 620 620 620 6 20
January 5 90 5 87% 6 90 6 95
CHICAGO, Oct. 19— Trad* In wheat was
moderatlvely active. December opened UOUc
under Friday at 72%©72%o on easy sales, but
rallied sharply to 73%. It was reported that
50 per cent of the crop of Northern Argentina,
equal to 30 per cent of the whole crop of that
country, had been damaged by frost. Added
to this news was a recovery In late cables and
the wet weather here. Shorts covered freely,
and there was also a fair amount of commis
sion house buying. On the bulge scalpers took
fronts.- and other wheat came out on the-ex
pectation of a 2.000.000 bushel increase In the
visible and the slack business on cash. De
cember reacted to 73%c, but upon 'the Issuance
of the visible statement, showing an increase
of 1.335.000 bushels, further buying became the
order of the day and December rallied to 73%
e73%c and closed firm. %Qlc higher.
Corn was quiet and easy despite the wheat
strength, being affected by large country ac
centaaces and slack cash demand. December
closed Hlff^ic down at 34%c.
Oats were dull and neglected, closing %c
hleher.
Provisions were moderately active and prices
were firm on hog receipts, which were under
the estimate and in sympathy with wheat. The
demand for lard by shorts was the feature.
January pork closed 6c higher, lard 6c up and
ribs 2%C6c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
800 Minneapolis & Et Louis prefd 98
16,410 Missopri Pacific W%
Mobile & Ohio 89
Missouri, Kansas & Texas MM4
2,100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 81%
. 410 New Jersey Central . 133V4
3.320 New York Central 1SJ^
4.310 Norfolk & Western $6%
Norfolk & Western prefd 76
30.425 Northern Pacific 67%
1.046 Northern Pacific prefd 72\
1,200 Ontario & Western 21H
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 78
11.1OT Pennsylvania ; 1S4%
150 Reading 17
S.1S0 Heading 1st prefd 68H
200 Reading Zd prefd 2S
Rio Grande Western 50
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
100 St Louis & San Francisco lift
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 66>j
900 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35»»
3.164 St Louis. Southwestern 14
6.235 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 32%
6.735 St Paul 114%
160 St Paul prefd 172
St Paul & Omaha... 112
12.990 Southern Pacific So*
850 Southern Railway 12H
3.100 Southern Railway prefd 66
3.0T5 Texas & Pacific 16%
2S.4S5 Union Pacific 61
2.330 Union Pacific prefd..... 76%
Wabash ; 7m,
710 Wabash prefd 1SH
3.200 Wheeling & L E 9H
M00 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 26
100 Wisconsin Central 12H
Third Avenue 109
Express Companies —
Adams 12)
100 American 156
United States 48
Wells-FarKO 127
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 35>i
Ajnerlcan Cotton Oil prefd S1H
American Malting 5*i
American Malting prefd 23'*
1.245 American Smelting & Refining 41%
300 American Smelting & Kefln prefd.. 80H
American Spirits I 1 ,*
American Spirits prefd 17
1.935 American Steel Hoop 22%
1.150 American Steel Hoop prefd 741,
7,590 American Steel & Wire 34%
1.4iO American Steel & Wire prefd 74%
1,740 American Tin Plate 33%
250 American Tin Plate prefd 81%
17.3S0 Amerncan Tobacco 95%
American Tobacco prefd 130
1.225 Anaconda Mining Co 45%
84.000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 60%
2.S60 Colorado Fuel & Iron 3ST4
2.975 Continental Tobacco 2iVi
1.818 Continental Tobacco prefd MVi
7.465 Federal Steel 38
1.270 Federal Steel prefd 67^
. 200 General Electric .14214
200 Glucose Sugar 54
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 99ft
200 International Paper 20
610 International Paper prefd 664 I
200 Laclede Gas 69H ,
700 National Biscuit 38%
300 National Biscuit prefd 60
600 National Lead 19&
National Lead prefd 96
920 National Steel 23
410 National Steel prefd 87%
ino New York Air Brake .121
300 North American 15%
Pacific Coast 56
Pacific Coast 1st prefd fc4
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
1 14,9r,5 Pacific Mall 42>i
6.7C0 Peopled Gas 94
1.2S3 Pressed Steel Car 42%
270 Pressed Steel Car prefd gi)
200 Pullman Palace Car lsS
Standard Rope & Twine o'£
37.760 Sugar 121>»
Sugar prefd 116
10,725 Tennessee Coal & Iron 55V4
4.145 United States Leather 11%
1.470 TJnlted States Leather prefd -.. 70Vi
3,401 Vnlted States Rubber 31H
100 United States Rubber prefd :.... 94
160 Western Union SO^
1,850 Republic Iron & Steel Co 13%
4S5 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 66%
P C C & St L 61
443,900 Shares cold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2 ref 104HIN T Central lsts..l08%
Do couikmi 104%' N J Cen sren 5s. ..123
Do 3s. reg 109% Nor Pacific 3s.... 66H
Do coupon 11014 Do 4s 10314
Do new 4s. reg. .134% N Y C & St L 4s. .106%
Do new 4s. coup.135% Norf &. W con 4s.. 96T»
Do old 4s. reg.. .115>4 Ore Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s. coup.. 11514 Do 4s 103%
Do 6s. r*g 112% Ore 8 L 6s 127%
Do 5s. coup 114 Do con 5s 114%
Dis of Col 3.65s.. .124% Reading Gen 4s... 88%
Atchison gen 4s... 100% R G Western lsts. S8%
Do adj 4s S7% S L & I M con 5s. 110
Canada So 2ds....lO7 S L & S F gen 6s.l23
Ches & O 4%s.:..100 St Paul consols... 17054
Do 5s 120 St P C & P Ists..ll81i
Chi & N con 7s. ..139% Do 6s 119
Do S F deb 5s. .120 Southern Pa 4s 80%
Chi Terminal 4s... 91 Southern Ry 5s.:. .110%
Colo South 4s 82 Stan R & T 6s.... 69
D & R G lsts.. ...103 Texas & .Pa lsts. .114
Do ts 99 Do 2ds 70
Erie General 4s... 71 Union Pacific 4s. .105%
F W * D C lsta.. 73% Wabash lsts 110
G«n Electric 5s ..118 Do 2ds. *.... 102%
Iowa Ccn lsts 114% West Shore 4s.... 112%
L & N unl 4s 93«4 Wis Cen lsts 86%
M K & T 2ds 66% Vlr Centuries .... 91
Do 4s 92
MINING STOCKS..
Chollar 15|Ontario 6 BO
Crown Point OS Ophlr .¦ 80
Con Cal & Va 95'Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry 85 .Quicksilver prefd.. 6 00
Hale & Norcross... 23! Sierra Nevada 23
Homestake 65 00 Standard S 60
Iron Silver "OjUnlon Con 18
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Pacific 61 .
CalMoans 3%®4Vi Union Land 1%
rime loans 4%fe6 West. End 91%
Stocks— *VIs Central........ 12%
A. T & S F 31% Bonds—
A. T & S F prefd.. 75% Atchison 4s 100
American Sugar....l20% N T E Gas&Coke 6s. 63
Am Sugar prefd. .115% Mining Shares-
Am Telephone 147 Adventure ......... 4%
Boston & Albany.245 AUoues Mln Co.... 2%
Boston Elevated... 155 Amalfr Copper 91
Boston & Maine. ..lf'l Atlantic 24 ,
Chgo, Bur & Q 126% Boston & Mont 314
Dominion Coal 39%:Butte & Boston.... 62
Dom Coat prefd. ..113 Calumet & Heclx.,795
Federal Steel 38% .Centennial 16%
Fw r!t«i prefd.... 67% Franklin 14
Fitchburs prefd 13'^i Humboldt 25
Gen Electric 142% Dsoeola 71
Gen Elec prefd.. ..140 Parrot 44%
Ed Elec 111 ..213 3uincy ..............150
Mexican Central... 12Ti Santa Fe Copper... 6%
Mich Telephone.... 65VI ramarack ...; 257
N-E Gu & Coke.. 12 Utah Mining 21%
51d Colony 201 Wlnona 3
Md Dominion 20>4 Wolverines ........ 41%
Rubber 30%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct 29.— Close: Money on call,
steady at 3@4 per cent. Last loan. 3H per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 5@6 per cent. Sterling
exehance. firmer, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at %4 83% for demand and at $4 80% for
sixty days. Posted rates. *4 81©4 81V4 and
U S4«4g4 85; commercial bills. $4 79@4 80. 811
ver certificates, 65c. Bar silver, S4%c. - Mexican
dollars, 56vic Government bonds.' strong; State
bonds, firm; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASIirNGTON. Oct. 29.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances chows: Available cash
balance. J136.682.815; gold, J89,r»,280; silver.
{6,727,<W.
FORECAST.
. Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
the Rocky Mountain region and over Washing
ton 8nd Oregon, rains falling In the western
portions of Washington and Oregon and snow
In Northern Vtah. Elsewhere on the Pacific
£k>pe the weather Is generally clear. '
The rressure has risen west of the Rocky
Mountains, except a slight fall along the Cali
fornia coast during the last twenty-four hours.
The temperature has fallen over Utah and
Arizona. In other districts the changes have
b*-en Flight.
Conditions are favorable for fair and warmer
weather in California Tuesday.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
fcours ending midnight, October 30, 1300:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; warmer;
light northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light west
•wind.
Nevada— Fair; warmer Tuesday.
rtah— Cloudy, with occasional snow Tuesday.
Arizona— Cloudy, with snow In north portion
and rain in south portion fuesday; colder.
San Krancisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
warmer; liznt northwest wind.
O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Of£=iaL
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 29, 1900-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
rei>orted from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 56 Los Angeles 74
Fresno 60 Sacramento 61
Independence J>2 Pan Luis Oblspo 64
Red BlufI 6i? ; San Diego Cj
Mount Taraapais 45 1
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C9; minimum. 4S; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
The exports of salmon from this port by sea
last month were SL9SS cs, valued at J360.665,
apal!5« lo2,346 cs and S74 pkgs for September,
l«s?S. valued at J605.S7S. Since January 1 these
shipments amount to IS6.M0 cs. valued at $1.
23.S23. against 3US.401 cs and 7622 pkgs, valued
at tl.gl>.861 for the same period last year.
Exports of Salmon.
Mall advices from New Tork Bay: "Trade
continues to ehow good activity In a general
way, though the bulk of orders Is for email
lots. Seeded raisins are moving out more free
ly than any other line of domestic dried fruits,
while e.:\ raisins. California and Imported, on
epot, are la' quite pood request. Santa Clara
prune* of the new crop are selling very freely
to arrive at the cut prices, and a little trade
Is reported In association goods at full quota
tions. Apricots, peaches, pears, etc.. are neg
lected, aad only a epcll or good cold weather
Is likely to revive interest la them.
"Dates ere In very good demand at full
prices. Hailowl. In particular, are selling well,
yesterday's business being reported of liberal
proportions. Trade In figs, also, both Smyrnas
aud Portuguese, Is quite good. Some business
was reported In new California figs at £7^4fff65c.
according to crown, but these prices can be
•haded a trifle. It li understood. Currants are
uncharged, the market being easy, due to of
ferirgs of very poor fruit at low figures. Cur
ranis are fairly active, cleaned being In good
request. Bpot apples are a trifle easier, the
market being about 4H@*V
"Demand for nuts is quite active. The lower
prices on Tarragona and Ivlca almonfis have
stimulated buying a little. Some Interest Is
taken In filberts and new Naples walnuts."
Dried Fruit in New York.
hard Duluth, 87fto f. o. b. afloat Options
wera strong and active to-day, bullish crop
news from Argentina scaring in a big 'short
interest. Prices worked up a cent a bushel be
fore the advance wa» checked by a large visible
supply decrease. Late buying for outside account
<-au.<ted renewed advances and the close was
ftrong at I"4gl4c net rise. Sale* Included No
2 red March. 8O*ig8^»c. closed 82c: May. 80%@
81 15-I6c. closed 71%o; October, closed 76ftc: De
cember, closed 77©7S »-16c. «».
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES— St«ady.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE- Spot Rio, quiet; No. T Invoice. *%c.
Mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%ijyi4c. Futures closed
steady at unchanged prices, 5 points higher.
November, J6 95; December, $7 15; March, |7 20
©7 35: September. ?7 BO.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining. 4Hc; cen
trifugal. 9« test, 4Hc. Molasses sugar, 3%c;
refined, quiet. .
nUTTERr-Rcceipts, 6831 packages. Steady.
Creamery. 16i522Hc; June creamery, 18®'21c: fac
tory. 13@16%c ! . .
EGGS— Receipts, E621 packages; steady. "West
ern regular packing at mark, 17©18c; Western,
loss off, 21c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 29.— A rather quiet mar
ket prevailed for evaporated apples, with prices
at the close nominally, unchanged. State com
mon were quoted from 4&5c; prime, 4%@5^ic;
choice, 6H66C; fancy, 6®6Hc. California dried
fruits were Inactive and nominally unchanged
on the basis of 3H<3SV4c per pound for prunes',
as to size and quality.
. APRICOTS-Royal, ll(?14c; Moorpark. 16<?16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16020c; unpeeted, - Cg9c
Silver a fraction off. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures slightly firmer. Barley rather steadier. .
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Volunteer Hay weaker. Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Onions continue to advance. Potatoes about as before.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. Game steady.
Butter in large supply and weak. Cheese unchanged. ¦
Eggs dragging more or less at the high prices.
Oranges higher and in demand. Lemons and Limes dull.
Beans arriving heavily.
Dried Fruit quoted as' before.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 19OO.
cargoea on passage, easier and neglected; car
goes No. 1 standard" California, 29a 9d; English
country markets, generally 6d cheaper; Import!
Into- United Kingdom, wheat. 304,000; imports
into United Kingdom, flour. 218,000.
LIVERPOOL. Oct.' 29.— Wheat, easy; v No. 1
standard . California, ¦ 6s 3d@6s 6d: wheat In
Parts, barely steady; flour In Paris,' birely
steady; : French - country markets, quiet;
weather in England, unsettled.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 5-J6d.
CLOSING.
¦WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. t red 'Western
winter, steady.;5s lid; No. :l Northern spring,
steady.' 6s 3M.d; No. 1 California, steady, 6s l»;d.
CORN— Spot, easy: American mixed new, 4s
3d. Futures, quiet: November '3s llT4d; Decem
ber. 3s UKd; 'January.- 3s 8%d.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
] OCEAN TRAVEL.
, ~~. , ,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
». Steamers leave Broadway
%t^ wharf. San Francisco:
i tWftfci FcT Ala -' h " rorta— 11 a. nj..
j l:mfl»°rS_ ct " ! '- * s>ov '- 2. Chang* tj
t E9^V%r39hL company's steamers at Seattl*.
ISi f£if u£!3 For v 'ctoria, Vancouver CB.
• HSk'5'jIM C)> Port T^wnsend. S-at:le.
I jH^^raCjS3i T* 0 *"*"^ Kverett. Ana?nr»i
i u> * nd New Whatcom (Wash.)—
; 11 a. m.. Oct. 23. Xov. 2. and
1 _ ' _ every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. By. ; at Vancouver to C. P Ry
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Oct JO*
Nov. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfon*
(Pan Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a ro
Oct. M, Nov. L and every fourth day there-
after.
For Santa Cru*. Monterey. San Simeon. Cam-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). OaTiota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedm (Los Angeles) and Newport— »
*. in.. Oct. 26, 30. Nov. 3. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalen* Bay, San Jos# del
Cabo. M.-izatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each,
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of aaUtag'
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. gan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & It. CO.
DESPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Soear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
r«pC S12 First Class. Including Berth
FM n L. 58 Second Class. and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct 20
COLUMBIA sails Nov 4
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butt*
Helena and all points In the Northwaat.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
¦ Superintendents.
TOYO RISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
wr First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc: No carso received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
: .Tuesday. November 13. 1900
S3. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December S. 1300
, SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 3. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
frleght and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
XV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HI YORK. S0ETHAMPT0M. LOSDOS, PASI3.
Stepping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Everv Wednesday. 19 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. :|?t. Paul Not. »
St Louis Nov. 14 St. Louis Dec. $
New Tork Not. V. I New Tcrk Dec 13
RED STAR LINE;
N«w York and Antwers.
-From New Tork Everv Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlesland Not; TIKenslngton Not. 3
Bouthwark Nor. 14 Noordland r>ec. ¦
Westernland ...Nov. n|FrlesIand r><j. a
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
SS. ALAMEDA for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia...;
Wednesday. October a, »¦« «
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahatl "*•
Thursday. November 1. 4 o m.
SS ZEAL.ANTOA (Honolulu only)
...; Wednesday. November 10. 2p.* m
I. 0. SPBECKELSi BROS. CO.. Agts.. 843 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Frstqht Oace. 327 Market St
¦ ~T '. : ! r ~ m — r
C0MPAS1IB 6SNHUT.C TRAN3ATLANTIQITS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.- " -^^
. Sailing every Thursday. Instead of -2*#1rT5»
Saturday, from November 2. 1S». at w^wMaS
10 a. m.. from Pier «. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOURAINE. Nov 1-
L'AOUITAINE. Nov. 8. First class to Harve.'
$sr. and upward. Second class to Havre tf 50
and upward. GENERAL ACESCT FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33 Bmadwav
(Hudson building). New Tork. J. P FUGAZt
St CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 6 Montgomery
»v»mie. Pan Francisco.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEBS.
Steamer " Montlcello."
MON.. Tues. Wed..- Thurs. and Sat. at 9:«
a. m., 3:15. 8:50 p. m. (n. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street DocX
P UE !?£•¦.*• Trt ephone Main 1508.
AUCTION SALES
£& AT AUCTION $^
At the Palo. Alto-Stables, 320 OTarrell st
Tuesday. October 30. 11 a. m., 40 head of th«
finest draft and driving horses ever offered;
Just from the country; all broken and gentle.Suspected of Frultvale Hold-TJps.
OAKLAND, Octo.ber 29.— James Mourour
and Frank McMullin- - were arrested in
Lower Frultvale to-day by Constable Van
Alstine on suspicion of being the men who
have participated in several hold-ups in
the vicinity . of late. „-. The men are , al
leged to 3 have held 1 up, a laboring man,
r/no was returning, home Saturday night.
They both have criminal records. .
Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— Licenses to marry
were Issued; to-day to Emily Murat, aged
22, and Joseph Bellante, 29, both of San
Francisco: Maude Emily Parratt. aged 21,
and Vernor Frederickson, 21, .both of Oak
land ; Julia Van Arsdale Henry, 28, Ala
meda, and James Henry Pierce, 29, Bak
ersfleld. ° • ¦' ; -
ALAMEDA. Oct. M.-Charles Lambert.
«"o!->red, and who is locally known as
•T'lam Chowder Charley."- was found
guilty by a jury In Justice Morris* court
•.his afternoon of a charge of battery* pre
ferred against him by his, wife. He wa«
given six months in the County Jail.
While 5 waiting for the Jury to -return a
verdict Lambfrt created a sensation by
railing Deputy Constable Winckelman'a
vjle name and engaging In • a struggle
with the officer. . ¦
t- Wife-Beater Gets Six Months.
HAYWARDS. Oct. 29.— The volunteer
fire department has appointed the follow
ing committees to take charge of arrange
ments for the annual Thanksgiving day
ball: ,
Arrangements— J. TV. McCoy. W. Zambresky,
Jchn I'ann. John Obermuller and Walter
Mayers.
rt<»r-«-T>tlon— Andrew Ramie*. 3. V.. Merle. E.
II. Dr»»-«, John Obfinnuller. John Pann.
Invitation— Al Da]*, M. Hii?ir». Al La Cunha,
J rank Merle ar.d H. H. Klee.
Floor— W. Zambrakr. director: O. E. Wal
t-rt. J. "W. McCoy, Al Dale, John Pann and
Carl Sonensdn. *
Haywards Fireman's Ball.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 23.— Dr. Walter . -K.
Seott'B dental office at 1424 Union streel
was entered last "night, and robbed. ' v a.
large quantity of gold used for teeth
filling and a number of valuable instru
ments were stolen. The thief : or thieves
obtained entrance to ¦ the dental office,
.which is a small, . unique- structure, set
somewhat back from the street and iso
lated, by forcing a window with a Jimmy
Dr. Scott, who Is the president of the
local. Board of Education, closed his place
a few days ago. and went to Indio on a
vacation for the 'benefit of his health.
When. Mrs. Scott visited the building this
morning" she found that the office had
been looted and . reported .the matter to
the police. The job bears evidence of
having been done by an expert. This i«
the second robbery in this city within a
week and it is ° thought that a gang of
crooks and. housebreakers are systemat
ically plying their Illegal operations.
GOLD FILLING FOB TEETH
'AND TOOLS ARE STOLEN
Dental Office of Dr. Walter X. Scott
in Alameda Is Entered and ,
Bobbed.
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Vinlng, who spent
th»> summer at Menlo Park, have taken
r.partments in the Westminster. San Fran
cisco, for the winter months.
Will R. Taylor of Palo Alto, son of Rev.
Rofs Taylor, was here to-day, arranging
for a football game between the Alameda
High School and the Palo . Alto. High
School teams. The game may be played
rext Saturday on a local gridiron. Stuait
L. Taylor, brother of Will, is a member
of the Stanford University freshman
Mayor Joseph Magofnn of KV Paso, Tex..
wap a visitor here to-day. He was shown
about the city by Joseph Knowland.
Dr. G. P-. Reynolds, who has been visit
ing in the East for nearly two months
with his wife and daughter. Mips Grace
Reynold?, writes from New York that he
expects to return to Alameda about No
\ ember 15. ' •
ALAMEDA. Oct. ».— The December
clasps of the Alameda High School has re
f^'lved itself fnto a committee of the
whole and will prepare a programme of
*-v*»nts to b<» Riven before Christmas. The
following sub-committees have been ap
pointed:
On graduating party— J. E. Hall, Marion
Orald. Alice Hlller, Kate Budker and Stella
P<~ott. On <-la»f- day exercise — J. O. White,
KmJlj- Thonrinic. Grace Knight and T^ola. Taft.
< >n c'.a** rift to the Alameda Hlg-h School —
IVInslnw Foster. Fteila Scott, Kate Bunker and
Jc-M»le Mackie. On' claws flag— Helen Durkee,
OtlEU&C Vate*. Fteila Wllland and Lottie Levr.
On bacoalaureate «raon — Dag-mar White.
Elma Swain and Irtna Frank. On art display
tor benefit of ¦•Deo»mbfT Acorn" — Tilile Shreve,
J. E. Hall, Kate Bunker and Azro Lewis.
Alameda Personal New!
HAYW.* Oct. 29.— The pupils of the
liaywards High School- entertained their
friends at a musical and literary enter
tainment In the high school imildIng-Sat
urday' evening. The national colors and
Iiiips of all nations predominated in the
<i»corations and the scene altogether was
a %ny one. ' .
The programme included a piano solo by
Miss'. Annie Gray, a vocal solo by Miss
Grace Webster, recitation by Miss Elsi*
Rupprelt and a piano solo by Mls» Alice
Martin. One of the amusing features was
the appearance of three witches. Imper
sonated by the Misses Gladys Meek, Elslft
Ruppreit and Lena Hopkins, who told tbt
fortunes of their friends. The following
<<>rnrnittee had charge of the affair:
Invitation — Mi^Fes Mollie Ramage, Eva
Collie. Grace Webnter. Kathleen Field,
Maggie Gray. Refreshments — Misses
Air-e Marlln, Hester Gamble, Alice
Smyth and Julia Silva, Decoration— Misses
Klsie Rupprelt, Messrs. Harold Meek,
Kdward Oajstello, Roy Merwin, Charlie
Helms. Earl Chapney, Werner Gooper,
Sidney Jones and Edward Pimental.
somely Itecorated.
Euilding, Which Is Hand-
Entertain Their Friends in the. School
HIGH SCHOOL PUPILS
GIVE A MUSICAIE
The university show which follows the
Thanksgiving football game has been
placed under the management of C. E.
Thomas and M. G. Schwartz. It will be
held at the Tivoli Opera-house. Charles
Uarwood has charge of the football sou
venir.
In practice this evening . Dunbar and
Hudson, two second eleven men, had
ih*ir ankles badly sprained. They will be
1 <-pt out of the game for a week or _two.
Claude Starr, the freshman captain and
a strong end man, will undoubtedly be
forced to give up the game this year. The
injury to his leg is more serious than at
iirst thought, and this will keep him from
further practice. His loss will be keenly
felt, as ne is a vigorous and cool player.
BERKELEY, Oct. 29.— The freshman
football squad of forty men has been cut
down to a dozen promising players. Only
those who are apt to make the university
eleven will be kept in practice during the
remainder of the season. -
Will Be Kept in
Practice.
Only Those Who Show Evidences of
Making the First Eleven
It Will Number Scarcely
More Than One
Dozen Men.
FRESHMAN SQUAD
GREATLY REDUCED
• . «
BERKELEY, Oct. . 29.— Johannes Goth,
who resided at the corner of Second and
Bristol streets. West Berkeley, was killed
pome time about midnight last night at
Third street and University avenue by
the West Berkeley local. The body was
frightfully cut to pieces and scattered
over a distance of two blocks.
How Goth met his death Is unknqwn.
He left his home at 9 o'clock last night
and his body was found early this morn
ing by Trackwalker J. G. Montague. The
traiumen on the local knew nothing, of
the accident. •
Deputy Coroner J. E. Streightif took
charge of the remains. The trunk ot the
body was cut to pieces and the face muti
lated. One arm was found fifty feet from
the body and pieces of flesh along: tho
track showed where the remains had been
dragged for two blocks.
Goth was a 'longshoreman. He had re
sided In Berkeley for the past eight years
and was formerly employed in a West
Berkeley starch factory. He leaves a
wife and two small children.
The Inquest will be held Wednesday
evening at 8 o'clock.
The Accident First Known When the
Track-Walker Comes Across the
Body in His Early Morn
ing Bounds.
Remains of Johannes Goth
Scattered Along Third.
Street Track. . -
CUT TO PIECES
BY LOCAL TRAIN
GRAFTED SKIN
TO SAVE HAND
OAKLAND. Oct. 2<*.-\VTiat the
physicians in attendance pronounce
to be one of the most delicate skin
eraiting operations ever attempted
was successfully performed this
morning at the Receiving Hospital.
The patient was Miss ? Maggie
OConnoll.' the laundry employe
v.-ho«o hand was so severely burned
in a mangle nt the Oakland French
laundry two weeks ago. Dr. J. C.
Milton superintended the operation,
which was participated in by Drp.
E. N. Ewer, \\\ S. Porter, R. T.
Stratton, Charles Rowe and E. R.
Sill. ...
The accident to Miss O'Connpll
resulted in. the searing of the fiesh
of the palm and fingers of the left
hand. She was put under the care
of Dr. Milton at her home at 833
Thirty-third street, but as there
were no signs of the wounds heal
ing and' her condition was becoming
weaker, to save h«r life skin graft
ing was decided upon. The yc%*ng
sufferer was then removed to the
hospital.
The operation consisted In making
an incision in the skin over the left
hip large enough to admit of the in
sertion of the seare4 palm. After
the palm had b«en inserted In this
incision separate Incisions were
made for each of the fingers, into
which th»\v were directed. To keep
the h&nd In place and allow the
skin to "take" upon the raw flesh
a cast was fitted about the suffer
er's body. Several times during the
operation the girl's condition was
very low. but she managed to pull
through the ordeal, and Is now re
covering rapidly. «
OAKT.OOD, Mo., Oct. 22. 1930.— Dear Sir: I
noticed in St. I-onir PCBt-Diepatcli of the 21st
en (torn Ftntia? that Tfcoma? Keating, the horse
owner, trhose will was filed in Oakland, had
'oft K.P for paoh widow r-ho would appear. 1
have been a widow for ecvfn y.»ers ana am thu
mother of six children. My husband was killed
In a rowder magazine explosion in Hannibal.
Will you please inreetlente and see If .there ia
anything in this and let me know at your
earliest convenience.
MRS.. NORA BURGESS.
The County Clerk j declares that no
widows are eliplbte who cannot prove the
relationship to Keating. •
meda County went abroad through the
press. By some mixing of facts when the
item struck the country east of the
Rocky Mountains the public was gravely
informed" that any widow who applied
would receive a $50 Irgacv.
At any rate, 'that is the only way the
county officials and the executor can ac
count for the arrival through »ne mails
of such letters as the following, which. is
a sample of the bunch received to-day by
County Clerk Jordan:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Oct. 29.
Q kinds of widows have sprung up to
<; raand & $Zd bequest under the misoon-
Etrued terms of the late Thomas Keat
g'a will. The ext»eutors of the well
known horseman's estate, the attorneys
. vA the county officials are being "flooded
with mail requests from likely "widows."'
who see some "easy" money for tha mere
esktoC'
The situation has appalled those who
r.re Interested in the dead traint*r"s es
tate. They see an unending source of an
; yonce apd are in a quandary over the
y ttlemont of the difficulties that have
arisen.
n"he:i Keating made his will he de
i .red himself to be a single man, but he
.-sorted a clause that any person claiming
vi l»e his widow should receivo a bequest
at 530. It wa? the ordinary protection
. ause which many testaments contain.
News of the filing of the v.111 in Ala-
Keating's Will Is Misconstrued-Execu
tors Deluged With Letters From
Bereaved Females.
WIDOWS GALORE
SEEKING A LEGACY
Good Flow at Roberts' Wells.
OAKLAND, - Oct. 29.— Members of . the
8eventh Ward Municipal -Water Works
League have inspected the two flowing
wells at Roberts Landing. San Lofenzo.
The approximate flow from both was 800 -
000 gallons each twenty-four hours, air
pressure increasing the quantity to 1,000 000
gallons. • H. Pascoe. a member of the
league, said the water waa » flowing: from
a thirty-foot stratum of gravel near the
bottoms. of the wells. He suggested. that
the Board of Public Works make another
inspection - of the wells. Pascoe thought
water in abundance could be found on the
Roberts " DroBerty •
Exposition, where he tiaa been since the
latter part of June. Mr. Henshaw ex*
presses himself as being favorably Im
pressed with everything ne saw. He does
not Join In with others in sayln# that th*
fair does not compare with the.sreat Chi
cago exposition. The one striking dlffar
ence Is, he saya, that the Pari* fair covers
a larger area, making it difficult to get all
over It without taking a great deal of
time/ . . . - • v
Mr. Henshaw says the attendance* ha»
be?en picking up nf late and that the
French Government will not lose any
thing on the venture. <
"While In Paris." said Mr. Henshaw. "I
mat the members of the California Com
mission. They were all working hard
and doing. as much as they could to ad
vertise the State. There was a grand re
ception at the headquarters on the Fourth
of July and another on Admission day.
From my observations while In the Ea*t-«
era States I think there Is no donbt of
McKinley i « election.* as the sentiment
seems to be strong for the continuation ot
tha administration."
SA.YS PARIS EXPOSITION
.IS -A GREAT STJCCES3
Banker William 0. Henshaw Arrivej
Home After a Very Enjoyable
Trip Abroad.
OAKLAND. Oct. 29.— William O. Hen
shaw, president of the Union Savings
Bank, returned to-day from, the Parto
. J. W. Osborne, E. C Owen, Michael O'Con
nor, Z. B. Olen.
¦ E. R. Perrin. C. II. Parmenter. J. M. Pierce,
Robert Painter, Richard Powers, Mark Plun
kett, George O. Pratt, J. II. Patton.
W. J. yulgley., ¦ - . , - . . c
C. B. Rutherford. Isaac L. Requa. J. A. Rob
inson, C. H. Redlngton, E. B, header.* George
H. Handall, .Charles G. Reed, W. J. Robinson.
A. W. Relnochl. AV. Ru«hmore. Laz Rosenberg,
George W. Heed, C. T. Halflgh. H. I>. Rowe.
J. W. Rhanklln. T. R. Smith. E. A. Sherman.
W. S. Snook. -M.-W. Spauldlnie, J. s. Shoo
miker. D. W. Standeford. E. Minor Smith, John
Stewart, E. C. Sessions. J. A. Standeford. E.
F. Scott. J. P. .W.-Bohst. J. A. Smith. Adam
Shirk, B. J. Smith, J. C. Stout. II. M. San
born, R. W. . Snow, William Stokes, William
Btackhouse, B, P. Sawyer, H. A. Snow. Louis
SchnefTer. , . :; ¦ . ¦ -.
Charles Thomas. H. S. Tuttle. J. M. N. Turn
Suden. W. R. Thomas. A. C. Tory, E. P. Tay
lor, J. R. Taylor, John Trotter.
H.N. Van Arman.
C. Winton, J. L. Wetmore. H. C. Whitney.
Mack Webber. - E. W. Woodward. A. Wett
steln. George Wilson. A. J. Wells, J. Wlnkler.
A."Whlpple. J. A. Webster, John Wilde, S. H.
Wilson. W." B. C. W. Wllkins, F. E.
Whitney, F. M. Warren.
R. B. S. York.'
• Julius Zabel.
The following declaration of the prin
ciples of the club illustrates well Its ob
jects:
First— To . aid and assist In the triumphant
election of the Republican nominees for Presi
dent and Vice President, our gallant standard
bearers, Hon. William McKinley and Theodore
Rocsevelt. . ; .
Second— To aid njid assist in the nomination
and election pf good, stanch and true Repub
licans to the several office* to be filled at the
general election to be held on the 6th day of
November next. . .
Third— To use all honorable means in secur
ing the nomination and election of our present
able. Industrious and most efficient member
of Congress, • Hon. Victor H. Metcalf, to. tho
position he now holds, as an indorsement ot
his eminent services to the people of this Con
gressional district, and especially to Alameda
County, for which services, so faithfully and
successfully . rendered, - he Is entitled to the
commendation. of the people generally, without
distinction of political affiliations.
Fourth— To renew old political fellowships
and* recall the. reminiscences of "ye olden
times." and unearth the : political incidents of
a quarter -of century of years, woven Into the
web of the pant, • with ' the political battles
fought and -won— as ••well as occasionally lost,
on occasions when we failed to "pull together"
as Republicans true and tried. -
Fifth — To aid and assist, by combined efforts.
in getting to the. polls every true Republican
possible, not only at the general but especially
at the primary. elections to be held on the 14th
day of August next, that the right men, and
especially true Republicans, be elected to the
several Republican « conventions. - to select true
Republicans — and none others — to represent the
party and to-be voted for at the general elec
tion. . ¦ ; : ~ : ¦ ' -; .
Sixth— Thnt- the Quarter Century Republican
Club, members of the ' Qld , guard, here assem
bled, do hereby pledge ourselves to stand
shoulder to shoulder, nn of old. In this political
contMt, with the firm roaolve that none, -bul
Republicans true and tried shall be placed on
guard— hereby renewing 'our. fealty to ; the old
party with which *re. have been affiliated. /and
in whore ranks, or as standard bearers, we
have fought .the political battles of the. party
for a quarter of a century or more of years. -¦
better list of members be shown by any
political club that has yet been formed.
Here Is a complete llsfof the officers and
the members of this very unique political
organization: .... .,_.:
PrwIdMit,* Charles -N. Fox; vice presidents,
K. "IV. Spauldlng. J. M. Haven. Giles H. Gray.
Harry N. Morvr, A.'C. Henry; secretary, A. W.
Bishop: treasurer, Frank H. Brooks.
Executive committee— First Ward, Charles H.
RedlnKton: Second Ward. J. L. Bromley; Third
Ward, H. M. Van Arman; Fourth Ward, W. S.
Snook; Fifth Ward, W. H. KntEht;. Sixth
Ward, M. K. Houghton; Seventh Ward, J. W.
Phillips; at large, Fred M. Campbell.
C W. Adams, II. u "Alexander. Irwln
Ayere, J. P. Amej, S. M.- "Abbott, B. "K.
AU»n, W. H. Adam?. R. H. J. "Adney. T. O.
Arrr.strons, George Atkinson, W. S. Ander
eon.
Ij. *K. Booth, J. It. Bromley, K. B. Belcher,
Charles Barlow, F. L. Barker. J. E. Blethen,
Oeoige II. Bai ret t, George H. Baxter, Anson
Barstow, A. W. Bluhop, E. G. Blandlng. I>.
C Breen, F. N\ Burt. D. O. Brown, A. Burn
trager, AV. O. Bowman. A. O. Bowman.
O. r>. Brown, C. Brier, J. A. Buker, S. P.
Babcock. O. Bishop, H. C. Barrow, L. O.
Bixby, W. C. Barnes. F. S. Brooks, John
Breen. J. W. Ballard, James B. Barber, George
Burbeck.
Horace Clark, John' T. . Coe, I* B. Chandler,
C. W. Corner, John Cushinir, P. V. Chamber
lain, Thomas Champeney, P. B, CrisnlnRer,
John Colmnn,* H. Cordes, F. M. CamDbell. J.
E. Crane, William Clark. H. H. Colby, George
H. Cnrleton, S. S. Cox, J. A. Colquhoun, \V.
H. Church. . ...
W. G. Dlnsmore, Samuels Dinsmore, George
Deal, E. B. Dunnlns, Harry Denlson, M. T.
Uuslnbury, C. B. Davis. G. H. A. : Dimpfel,
Miles Doody, J. P. Dleves, J. M. Day, C. E.
mitton, "William R. L>avis, R. G. Dowllns;. '•
C. E. Eliot, J. C. Kwlng, James English,
Eward Everett, Charles H. Eitel. John Ells
worth. W. F. Ellis. J. H. Evers. C. E. Ellis.
Charles N. Fox". George H. Fosrgr. James K.
Fowler, E. P. Flint. J. L. Foffg. -James H.
Favor, "W. H. Friend, A. T. French. N. K.
Foster. P. M. Fisher, -J. H. Falls, George W.
Frlck. . .......
D. W. C. Gasklll, William T. Gibbs, B. N.
Goldfhy, A. R. Guppy, W. E. Green, L. F.
Gould. -Wllllnm Groas. n.T. Gllpln, J. \V.
Glaze. LkiuIs Gottshall, Giles H. Gray. ,
James M. Haven, David Howell. A. C. Henry,
W. B. Harrub. H. .V. ; Herbert, M. Humphrey,
J. L.. Hollla, J. W. Henderson, A. Harrington.
C. D. Haven, O.' M. Harvey. W. H. H. Hamil
ton. M. K. Houg-hton, A. Hollywood, -A. L.
Hunt, H. W. Holland. D. H. Hftrkln.
W. B. InKersoll. C. I* Ingler. • ' • >
W. W. Jacobs, B. T. Jackson. Charles Jur
erenR. E. B. Jerome.- . ¦ -
George A. Kin*. 8. P. KnlKht. -"W. H. Knight.
C. W. KellORS, John E. Keyer. John Kalgbrln.
C. H. King, H. L. Keith, W. W. Knicker
bocker.
E. T. Leavel. J. G. Lemmon. H.; F. Ibarra
bee. William C. IJttle. J. C. Little. E. Uw
"ton, Eugene Lynch. C..r>. Lawton. George T.
Larrabee. . . •-' . ¦ •
Dr. J. T. McLean, C. P. Marsh, J. S. Mor
ris, B. S. Marston, • J. W. Mmk, J. B Me*
Chesney, C. B. MacDonald. Harry N. Morse,
George A. . Norton, "W. W. Morrison, T. • W.
iJorsan. T. S. Moore, J." H. McMenomey. Dan
F. Miller, A. A. Moore, V. R. Marsh, M. O.
McClain, Henry Miller, G. Melendez. J. W.
McClymonds, J. C. 'Marsh, W. H. Martin, J.
AW Mnddrill.. John Muller. T. F. Mock, B. F.
Maloon. " ¦
R. B. Nixon. F. .W. Newell, G. S. Nai
smlth," J. J. Newton.. • ¦ ¦ ¦
A surprise waa given to Professor J.
Frank Palmer, past president of Alpha
Lodge No. 1." Modern Trojans, Friday
evening of last week at his dome on Ches
ter/ street. There was a large number
present. . sflvMMlBflMI
The young - people of the Unitarian
church will give- a Hallowe'en party at
the church Wednesday evening. The chil
dren will b« entertained, after which the
older , ones will entertain ¦ themselves.
Courts Alameda and Holland of the An
cient Order of Foresters are planning for
their annual Joint - ball, which will -be
given at Germ&nla Hall on Saturday
evening. November 3.
¦The engagement is announced ot Dr.
Eleanor M. Stow to Frank Bancroft, both
of Berkeley. .Dr. Stow Is the daughter of
J.-.M. Stow, one of the supervisors of the
Contra Costa Water Company. . She has
been practicing medicine for four years
and- has been quite successful. - Mr. Ban
croft is a member' of the faculty at the
State University and is a son of I* A.
Bancroft of San Francisco. The wedding
,day has not yet been set.
On the Invitation of Mra. H. E. Wise of
963 Linden street the. philanthropic de
partment of the Oakland Club will glvo
a tea to-morrow afternoon at her resi
dence from 2 to 5 o'clock. Mrs. 'Benjamin
Fay Mills will make an address during
the afternoon on the subject of "Practical
Charity." . Mrs. Stone of Elmshurst and
Mrs. James Ferrler will assist Mrs. Wise
to receive.
Miss Tlllie E. Brown. Miss Edith Larkey.
Miss Mabel T. Gray. Miss Mabel Berry, Miss
Edith I>yer. Miss Elizabeth ¦ Gray. Miss Annie
C. Sutherland. Miss Geraldlne Scupham, Miss
Isabclle Hunt. N
• * • r*
The board of directors of the Mutual
Benefit Club are:
Mrs. P. r>. Brown, Mrs. "William Kirk. Mrs.
P. W. C. Gaxklll, Mrs. Ellja Wolfenden. Ml«»
C. J. Bacon, Mrs. W. H. H. Graves. Mrs. J.
P.- Ames, Mrs. Rees B. Thompson. Mrs. J. M.
Hlnkle, Mrs. W. Frlsble Lewis, Mrs. S. G.
Chamberlain.
On each evening there will be a pro
gramme of music and song. The numbers
on "Thursday evening will be as follows:
Oakland Treble Quartet, Mrs. Carrie
Brown Dexter, Mrs. A. A. Dewing, Miss
Gretchen Burnett, Miss Mabel Gray, will
render "Margaretha" and "My Home 'la
Where the Heather Blooms'* (De Koyen);
piano solo, "Sixth Raphsody" (L*iszt),
Mrs. John W. Metcalf: violin solo, S. .1.
Savannah, .accompanied by Robert Clar
ence Newell; soprano solo. "Spring," Mrs.
Carrie Brown Dexter. During the after
noon of Thursday the Misses Sherwood
will play, mandolin and guitar selections.
Friday evening's programme will consist
of a piano solo by Miss Helen Hagar: so
prano solo, Mrs. Martin Schultz; reading.
Miss Clara May Russell: violin solo. Ml«a
Gertrude Hibberd. The board of directors
of the Young Women's Christian Associa
tion are: . ~ ,
OAKLAND. Oct. 29.-A loan exhibit of
articles of old and new dominions is beln,»
arranged for by the lady managers of the
Young Women's Christian Association and
Mutual Benefit Club, to be Riven on the
afternoons and evenings of Thursday and
Friday of this week at the Young Wo
men's Christian Association's rooms on
Franklin street, near Durant.
EXCHANGE THAT
WAS ROBBERY
•
OAKLAND. Oct. 29.-A' discrimi
nating burglar ransacked the ward
robe of Adolph Yates. a Southern
Pacific car sealer, at his roon>. Sev
enth and Pine streets, to-day, and
exchanged a suit of old garments
for Yates' Sunday best. Tne In
truder, after attiring himself in the
railroad man's broadcloth, filled a
valise with a complete outfit of
general wear, including shirts,
socks, underwear and sundries, be
sides some Jewelry. Then the thief
disappeared with the plunder.
The burglar was fastidious
enough to overlook an old pair of
trousers. In the pockets of which,
however, was J23. . . But that is
about all he did overlook. The
burglar also visited the room of J.
Black In the same building "and car
ried off some clothing; and Jewelry.
WORK OF
THE CLUBS
National Congressional Committee
Under His Direction Sends Out
Literature to the
» ¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Oct. 23.
The local branch of the Re
publican Congressional Committee, which
is more commonly known as the Metcalf
Congrersit=vl Bureau from the fact that
• Congressman Victor H. Metcalf la the
Cglifornia State representative of tha
co*mmlttee. turn nearly completed It* 'work,
and p, most important work it has be.en.
Directed by Congressman Metcalf and by
Kred M. Campbell as the local secretary*
it has accomplished rrhat no local cam
paign committee or club could.
Campaign literature of every possible
kind has been sent into every corner of
the State of California, and not in a dis
organized way, but under the most intel
ligent direction. Lists of names and ad
dresses were secured from prominent Re
publicans, members of countv commit
tees and candidates, and In each case tha
politics, occupation and descent of the
voter was asked and given. The kind of
literature that was most appropriate to
his case was then sent. Into the minlnyr
camps and lumber districts of California
great quantities of good Republican doc
uments that would interest those voters
were sent. Thousands upon thousands of
documents in the German language were
sent t<? Gertnan voters in all parts ot tha
State until there has not been a county
or a township in California that has not
heard from the Metcalf Bureau in Oak
land.
. All of this has been done by Congress
man Metcalf and Fred M. Campbell, with
the aid of volunteers from among the Re
publicans at Oakland. The following in
teresting list shows the names of the vol
unteers:
Colonel C. W. Adams, Msck "Webber.
Oeor?» A. Hanmore, Joe Kenny. Al Foster,
Horace Skinner, William S. J. Stephen*. Daniel
J. HalHhan. Charles I... Kelton. Charles EX
Hendrickson. Oscar G. Rohl, Oeorge F." Samp
son. F. E. Burner. Delancy 1. Macdonald. K.
M. Campbell. Arthur L. Martin, Paul J.
Schafer. W. H. J. Matthows, C. A- Jef
feries. M. ? W. Keonis, Hllyer Allen, P. D.
GasklU. O. L. Lukens. -W. R. Bar
stow. O. t>. Warren, A. A. Rodgers, H.
"VV. Crocker. Edward Farrell, J. W. Mott. W.
H. Hodges. R. Forjfle, H. W. Miller. J. Z.
Barsett. D. P. Ilooe, William McNamara.
Edward Meyer, George Hearst. C\ E. Story.
O«or«« E. Sterlln, William O'Connor, J. E.
Luttrell. Edward Miller. T. B. EJnneKan.
C. L. Wymes. E. I*. "Werner. Bert Shradcr. A.
8. Melly. W. H. Smith, Wra. Hawlett, John J.
Healy, "\V. F. Glbbs. O. McBrlde, A. S. Arms
ley. Colonel W. C. Little. Rois Bromley, W.
M. Gassaway. J. W. Darrow. E. D. Mld
dleton. Andrew J. Campbell. J. E. Cran*.
J. A. Armstrong. C C. Emslay. F. A. Snerrott.
T. J. Allen. W. J. Holland. Edward Johnson.
Charles Husband, Major J. W. TomDktns,
W«bb Jf. Pearce. J. Cal Ewini. A. U
Hannaford, R. T. Jackson, Richard B. Ayr»»,
Edward M. Holland. D. C. Breed. Dr. F. W.
Pierce, E. ; IV. Owen, "William J. Patterson.
Charles Stfasburg, . Stewart Genfcnell; Mosefl
Marcus**. Samuel Smith. H. C. Cantwell. H. K.
Sr.orr, J. F. Summers, M. O. Allen. Andrew
M. Campbell. Noble Nelson. L. P. Barra,
a. Folte. Harry C. Sessions, H. I. MUMle
ton, William S. Baxter. A. B. Ormsby,
Jo«eoh R. Taylor. A. E. Davis. Dr. H. P.
Travers. S. M. Crawford. Harry Newton.
F. T. Thompson. "William T. Gibbs. J. E.
Jonnstone. A- C. Henry. P. A. Ma*m. T. "W.
Harrreaves. J. H. Robins, Z. T. Gtlpln. Bert
Adams. E. H. Warren.
Works Hard for Success of
General Republican
Ticket.
METCALF LABORS
FOR HIS PARTY
McCutchen had Boardman in hand for
an hour trying to straighten out some of
the tangles of the aged witness' direct tes
timony. There was a great deal of data,
given which Boardman frankly admitted
was not testified to as a matter of his in*
dependent recollection. So ne had gathered
from his private records this information.
Some of it. ha also testified, had probably
been procured from. Anthony Chabot, who
had, said Boardman, been personally very
active and prominent in the construction
of the reservoirs, both at San Leandro
and at Temescal.
Mr. Hayne ascertained that a great
many Chinese were employed as laborers
on the construction of the San Leandro
dam. He wanted to know whether Board
man had not told the City Council in 185$
that the plant of the Contra Costa Water
Company could be reproduced for between
20 and 30 per cent less cosw&an It did
originally.
Boardman's memory was deficient, but
he admitted he would not contradict any
record that might exist upon that state
ment. The witness save the reason why
he had made the report of 1SS6 to the City
Council, that report having been used by
recent .Councils in finding a valuation of
the water company's plant.
Boardman said he had been requested
by the late A.Chabot to make that report
for his (Chabot's) use In connection with
the- reports which were prepared by En
gineer Le Cpnte for the city and Engineer
Schuyler for the water company.
From memoranda Boardman gave the
following figures upon the cost of labor
and -material during the construction of
the dam:
Daily wain, from 1.S6S to 1S73— Masons $7.
helper* M. common laborers S3. teamsters $3.
teams J6. From 1373 to 18S6 tne figures wera
the same, except for a reduction of 50 cents a
day in common laborer* and teamsters' wages.
Ccst of material — Sand, per cubic yard. $4;
brick, per thousand. $23; cement, per barrel. JT.
ground. The company's figures and those
of the city's experts do not come within,
three miles of agreeing.
Judge Hart gave the engineers a half
hour more, but they could not settle their
differences. »o the interrupted cross-exam
ination of Boardman was resumed.
¦ But there is still unsettled the question
of pipe lines*- owned by the company. The
engineers have compared notes and data,
but fall to reach a unanimous decision on
the number of miles of two-inch pipe that
the company owns. Approximately it ap
pears to have about eighty miles under-
The day s proceedings were tame. En
gineer Boardman was on the witness
stand nearly ail day. and was crcss-exam
ined at great length by Attorney Hayne.
Boardman's memory -was again given a
severe t«st. and he found that' without
constant reference to his books and notes
he made little or no progress. ¦ . . •
The water company opened the session
with an offer to have the rival sets of ex
pert engineers on both sidts confer con
cerning some agreement as to the quanti
ties of material and the manner of con
struction of the San Leandro and the Te
mescal reservoirs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Oct. 29.
The Contra Costa Water Company has
been ordered to produce in court a lot of
its records which hitherto have not been
available for examination by the counsel
for the city. Whether the documents are
of value In the litigation is a question
which investigation of them must deter
mine. At any rate the insistence of At
torney Hayne has forced tne corporation
to produce something. The disclosure that
the. company had not burned all of Its
records; of construction, etc.. was made
during the trial this afternoon in the tes
timony of F. M. Hewson. the company's
engineer, who had been called to the wit
ness stand by Attorney McCutchen.
Hayne was watching the course' of the
inquiry upon the company's property,
when Hewson in reply to a question ad
mitted hi? had procured certain dnta from
books belonging to the water company.
That was enough for Hayne, ar.d the
city's representative made an Immediate
demand that these records, whatever they
may be, should be brought into court.
There was a skirmish, but Hayne held his
ground and won out in his demand. Judge
Hart ordered the company to produce
these records.
Water Company's Engineer Lets Slip
Information Eagerly Grasped by
Counsel for City.
UNBURNED RECORDS
MUST BE PRODUCED
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
'- OAKLAND. Oct. 29.— The ; : Beach &
Bowers minstrel combination -will: show at
the Macdonough Thursday evening of this
week. sThe : company » is > said - to j be high
class '. in : every respect .and * has v all : kinds
of I novelties wlthV.which to entertain." r •
Minstrels at the Macdonough.
BERKELEY, .Oct. -29.— The hoiwe of J.
W. -Wlesenger^at:' Schmidt -Village, north
of this city,, was destroyed .by fire last
night at 10 o'clock. The place was value*
at 13000, ¦ with '.. an : . insurance * of • |1500. v-->A
lamp explosion caused the fire, * ' • .,
.•- lire in. SchmidtVillage.
Mrs. Hannah P. Morrell Dead.
Oakland; 'Oct.*: 29.-11™.* Hannah p.
Morrell,' mother of Mrs.. Frank C- Jordan,
died, suddenly -this: morning at the home
of her daughter, - Mrs. F."- M. Varden, * at
Auburn; 'The * deceased ; . succumbed r. to
heart 1 trouble. 1 v She : was a native of Bos
ton, aged" 60 j. years:. :* She leaves -; three
daughters— Mrs. Jordan. - Mrs. ¦ Varden • and
Mrs. F. R. Russell of Haywards. •- ¦•' - ; -f>
¦ OAKLAND^. Oct. 29.-John Barrett.; who
was appointed Minister to Slam by O rover
Cleveland, will speak in this ' city J to-mor
row (Tuesday) evening at. the Tabernacle.
Mr. Barrett is a forcible, talker and is one
of the best posted authorities '¦ upon Orien
tal affairs and politics of any ma"n in the
United- States. Originally a- Democrat,
having seen- service In ¦' the -, diplomatic
corps of the United States; under a Demo
cratic : administration,". Mr. V Barrett's • ad
dress will be .of .unusual, interest.
Mr. Barrett is also fully. • conversant
with the situation In t the Philippine
Islands, not from hearsay, but from ac
tual observation. , ; He was • through <" the
entire Filipino ¦ Insurrection and .will: have
much of value^to say upon this subject.: -
John Barrett T at : Tabernacle.
The Episcopal services .were led by Rev.
Dr. John Bakeweli;' rector, of Trinity Epis
copal Church,, of -which the deceased was
a prominent member. r.The Rebekahs, to
which order Mrs. Ffeeman was connected;
attended 1 ; largely. ¦•¦-;-> There were many
beautlful floral 'offerings. •- .
The pallbearers ,were w. M. Cannon, W.
H. Kline,' M» r P. Tarpey, George E. de
Golia, FranKB. .'Cook, and D. S. O'Cal
laghan.. \ :;;':;: *; "
OAKLAND, 'Oct. 29.— Many stfirowinff
friends gathered -In -attendance at the
funeral of Mrs."/ Emma Freeman, wife "of
the Democratic i candidate ,: for Congress,
which was held from the late residence at
560 Thirty-second street.' this morning.
Episcopal. Church; .to Which
She Belonged.
MANY FRIENDS ATTEND .
. MRS., FREEMAN'S TUNEEAL
Services by. the' 'Hector of. Trinity
UNIVERSITY V OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY, Oct. : 29.— The members": of
the Delta Kappa - Epsilon fraternity gave
a dinner to Mrs." Pheb« Hearst this, even
ing at their clubhouse" on Telegraph ave
nue. The guests were: Mrs. Hearst. Pres
ident and Mrs. Benjamin . Ide . Wheeler,
Professor Louis Dyer, Mrs. J. F. Merrill/
Mrs.' E. H.- Davenport, Mrs. - D. Malone,
Mrs. W. S. Goodfellow, Mrs. T. D. Bishop,
Mrs.T. w. Sawyer, and Mrs. A.VAi Moore.
,, .- ¦ ¦.,;-. ,-.•••¦.¦-•-—'•. .,•• •» • ,.¦ ¦_.
Miss Balm Mann, who has* been taking
postgraduate work. at. the university,, left
this evening for Portland, Or. , where she
will marry. Caspar., Hodson, a San - Fran
cisco merchant.' 'Mr/ Hodson is at present
in -the north. < :.':'¦ ..• .' - .
-Miss Mann is a: graduate of the TJniver>
slty of Oregon,' but has been studying here
for. "some .time past. Mr. ? Hodson, was
formerly a State -University student. His
home is on Fulton street, this city.
Professor Louis : Dyer • of Oxford, .who is
to deliver the Phebe Hearst art lectures,
arrived last night from England, -v.
Philip Clay will give a dinner Thursday
evening : at the > Phi ; Gamma Delta Club
house in honor of his cousin, Miss Mozelle
Price.'of: St. Louis. ,,;... "V
UNIVERSITY
NEWS NOTES
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— The funeral of
Miss Edna E. Mitchell, the young daugh
ter of Supervisor John 'Mitchell, who died
yesterday morning, 7 was held to-day, from
the family, residence. The services were
conducted'by Rev. Mr*. Bailey,' pastorof
the Fourth Congregational " Church, of
which the young lady was a member and
faithful worker. Rev. Mr. Bailey.was as
sisted by Dr. Curry of :Temescal. Sev
eral songs were eung by a quartet con
sisting of Dr. Gilbertson, Charles Trow,
Rev. Mr. Bradley and W. J. Oakes. The
pallbearer? were M." R. T Morris, Will Chan
nel, Ray Baker, Edwin iCalver, 1 Harvey
Lyon and' c Harry Wharten. -
as Pall-Bsarers— Many-
Present.
Young Friends i'of the Dead Girl Act
EDNA MITCHELL BURIED .
FROM HEB LATE HOME
THE SAN FRAKCISGO CALL; TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1900.
"OLD MEN FOR COUNSEL, YOUNG
MEN FOR WAR," THEIR MOTTO
Members- of the Unique Quarter-Century Club Are Making
Strong Fight for Success of the. Republican Ticket.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— "Old men for
counsel, young men for war.' 1
This is the motto that has been
adopted by the Quarter Century
Republican Club of Oakland, the
most unusual a,nd one of the most effec
tive campaign clubs in the , State. The
motto and the name are Indications of
the character and the aim of the club, and
there is not a member on the roll of 200
names that has not voted the Republican
ticket for a quarter of a century or more.
It Is the most sincere and earnest club in
the whole of this State, and there is noth
ing that partafces in the slightest of the
nature of a club for political office only.
Ail of the officers and members have dons
gallant service for the party that they
have so loyally represented for so many
years,' and many have served their coun
try as well« as their party in office.
The club was organized at the very be
ginning of the campaign as an organiza
tion that was going to work for tho inter
ests *of the entire ticket -and not for any
one nominee or party faction. It broke
this rule In the case of Congressman Vic
tor H. Metcalf only, and indorsed Mr.
Metcalf before the primary upon the
broad principle that it was. best" that a
Congressman should be retained in office
as long as possible. Since that, time the
members have done good work for the
party. They have kept their headquarters
open day and night, and have held weekly
meetings addressed by prominent men, in
the midst of a campaign' that was very
dull. It may be fairly said that the Quar
ter Century Republican -Club has done
more effective work in Its own quiet way
than any other organization "in the city.
The membership of .the club is taken
I from among the leaders of the party in
State as well as Oakland politics. Charles.
N. Fox. the president, has been Supreme
Justice of the State. Of . the vice presi
dents, N. W. Spaulding has . been the
United Btates Sub-Treasurer in San Fran
cisco and has been Mayor and Council
man of Oakland; J. M; Haven has always
been a leader In the firfit for good gov
ernment in Oakland; Giles H. Gray la a
pure politics leader and School Director of
Oakland; Harry N. Morse vm.9 the first
Sheriff of Alameda County: A. C. Henry,
ex-Mayor of Oakland; A. W. Bishop, tho
secretary, was president .of the- Oakland
City Council, and. Frank H. Brooks, the
treasurer, is cashier of the California
Bank of this city. . *
Most of these men are pioneers of the
State. Many came' in the days of '49 and
were Whigs before the Republican party
was organized. These are the real "Lin
coln Republicans," and not the brand that
is being talked about by the Democratic
orators. They have always been Republi
cans through long and useful lives, and
they have now united for the benefit of
the party of their choice, giving the ser
vice of their age as loyally as they gave
the service of their youth.. •
Nowhere else in the State does such an
organization exist, and nowhere can a
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE REPUBLICAN CLUB THAT IS CQMPOSED OF MEN WHO HAVE.VOTED NOT
. LESS THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS. THIS ORGANIZATION IS' FIGHTING FOR TRIUMPH OF REPUBLI
* CAN PRINCIPLES ON TUESDAY OF NEXT WEEK. -
John F. Irish to Speak.
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.-Co1onel John P.
Irish will deliver an addrepg to the people
of Oakland on Friday nixht next In the
Tabernacle, choosing- for his subject, "The
Position of the Gold -Democrats .With
Reference to Their Opposition to Bryan."
This will be Colonel Irish's first speech
' In Oakland for some time. He
na« just returned from a two - months'
**mpaign tour of Indiana. . Illinois, Iowa.
Kansas and Nebraska, where he has been
freaking: for McKinley alone the lines of
his address to be given In Oakland.
• . •
. !
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1900.
12
SAX FR.4ACI5CO WL. IUJSI.VESS CHANCES — CONTINUED. - CHIROPODISTS.- .
BUSIVE«;S OTV1CT" nf Th» c.^ Francisco $10.000— SOUND Investment; one of the best- 'BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,,
C*it «CJ« T «• x». v . -1a T-tTi^ tr^»t. „»« paying merchandise businesses in Oakland: painless; consult' n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
Cell, comer of Market and Third streets, open established for years; safe and profitable in- . ¦ ¦ — i
until 12 o'clock every night In J^ie year. vestment: half cash, balance In property. ,E. rol , KCTIOV OFPIGP* •
BRANCH OFFlCES-^27 Montgomery street. E. BUNCE. 932 Broadway. Oakland.
ccmer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. WANTED— Count rv hotPi fnr MR h' K'ntp fill! GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
800 Hayes street: open until 9:M p. m. r^rtTcula^ Address Buiness^bok 3S?9. Call! less successful. Room 310, -OH Market st.
€39 McAllister Btreet; open until 9:30 p. m. .
€15 L&rldn Btreet- open until 830 p. m. $«M— RESTAURANT: fine morning and evening . COTTAGES TO LET.
]«.i »c!«c»_ »._^».. nn.n tmtii in n m trade; In complete running order; present ~~~. ~
1SU Mission street; open until 10 J>. m. owner 4 years; Investigate. 233 Sixth st. $10-COTTAGE 3 sunny rooms; yard; water.
tm Market street, corner Sixteenth: open ' '¦ i — 5 134 Rose ave.. between Oough and Octavla.
oiitil S p. m. ¦ -" ¦'. ••- ". BARBERS— 3-chair shop for eale; account go- , ¦ ¦
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. ' Ing East. 14 Turk Et. ¦ : DENTISTS.
109C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. SALOON for rale; opposite the' ferry. Apply ~~~~~.
Northwest corner Twenty-6econd and Ken- 111 East Et., north of Market; no agents. AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
tucltv f<r(.«»- mn unfii « n rn • — ___ ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
cucjcy gtrerts. open untu » p. m. HALF lntereet in restaurant and coffee house. have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
„-,.._,",«.„ .-^r».^E. a in Market st. ; grand offer for right man; without plates our ¦ specialty; gold crowns,
-MI K 1 1.\(. AUiltbS. senlng 500 for lunch; pmall rent; everything $s to up; plates, ' extractions free, $4 50 up; qf-
~ new; trial allowed for investigation. - - ,S/« flee hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p.- m.; Sundays. 9 t» 2
CALIFORNIA Charter No. E. R. A. M.. m — — ¦ j — — - — -— p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
•will meet THIS (TUESDAY) ETV'EN- _^JV FOR sale— First-class hotel of S6 rooms; pays _i : ; '.
ING Oct SO at 7:3" o'clock. R. A. fc jf 25 per cent on investment: call next week, bt>- EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
degree. By ort«»r cf the H. P. /VA tween 10 and 11; only responsible parties need and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary. apply. 1507 Polk st. . derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
• • j ¦¦,_„ : — — — ; — i — — — — ~ — pprlence: no iCtudents; aJVlce free; prices
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 30. F. and » *OR sale-Cigar standinear theaters: positive cheapest and 'guaranteed: lady attendants.
A. M.— Meeting Tins (TUESDAY) JL j sacrifice: new stock and fixtures. Particulars DIt. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
EVENING, 7:80 T o ' clock. Degree 2. By glf * inquire Hallwood Cash Register. 1329 Market. 1 , _
order cf the W M r^r\ ._._.„_ ._ . . . . _ _ M- r T~rr TT A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
¦»-» «- "e™- -¦«¦?¦ ¦ tBs&rsss f l-»v1?.,^" seSfeisass ssr • Jianc
HERMANN Lodee No 127. F. and A. m Inquire 213< Center St.. East Berkeley. crowns, tt 50; plates, full set, $5 00; all work
M.-Call«l mwting THIS DAY (Tl'ES- »A B \RG <VIN— Ixinc-established paint shop for painless and warranted., Chicago Dental Par-
DAT). October 30. 1900. at 1:30 o'clock «V B ffi*£d totlS QJ1 at MM PowdlV lor.. 24 Sixth st. .-
p. m.. at Masonic Temple, for the fun- ' > ; »j; . * - — — — —
eral of our deceased brother. HENRY EB- -^ANTED-Promoter who can organize a stock *i* AlN . Offlce . New York Dental ParlorH, 1019.
BINGHAVSEN. By order of the W. M. company; no cheap person wanted. Address Market et., bet. Sixth and Seventh;, consult
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary. box 4120. CaU office. us " n crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
__ : positively and absolutely without - pain. ' '-, ¦
ORIENTAL Vdge No. ' 144, F. and A. m STATIONERY and notion store for .sale; three • „„,';,,„ —
M.— Second degree THIS (TUESI>AY) «J^_ living rooms; laundry offlce; no agents. ilO DR- LLDLLM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Master Xjf Turk st. -^f charge ' for. extracting when plates are
ilasons cordiiilv incited /^^^ ¦ m%de; old plates made over -like new; teeth
AS HUBBARD Sec OYSTER and chop house: well fitted up; 2 fur- from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
' — : '- '— niched rooms: doing good business; going 1 -.,..„" ; —
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1C6, F. and A. m East; no agents. 262 Third st. LOW EST prices charged for conscientious work
M — s-MH-ial mi»«»Mn* THIS rT T *E«=DAY> JFti executed by graduate dentists at "Standard
EVENING Oc^ SO at 8 o'clodt Third ifif GROCERY and bar in good location: stock In Dental Parlors, r. 54. Murphy bldg.. 1236 Mkt.
5™ THFO P SMITH SeT /V^ »^ ! K ht fOT fufi purchase price. W. L. HAR- PAT , TO '-T ; — —
degree. THEO. E. SMITH, Sec. • p^ 313 yr^^^ building. PARIS Dental Parlof, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
MISSION L/^ee No 1C9 F and A M— ¦ ~ *"" Bet °' teet -hi iV, crowns, $3; fillings, 25o.
™t£^i& r %^rS£L"& LOVV-EST prices in S.F.; painless extraction.
SSSuJS-. HOOAR S M^rIve" T<£ /V> P. O. box 'SSO. Sacramento. Cal. 50c. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. «th.
MORROW (WEDNESDAY), at 1:30 p. m., GOOD-PAYING business for sale in a flourish- VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
Irotn the hail of this lodge. By order of the. ln _ town .vddress C M. W., 602 Virginia st.. da >' 8 - 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
\V. M. 4 GE0. D. FLACK, See Valleio Cal ZZZT- ' — :
vaiieio. Lai. ; SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
THE Cailforcla Debris Commlwlon, having re- FINE large store to let on O'Farrell St.. near 1841 Polk- St.-
' celved applications to mine by the hydraulic Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent. ¦¦ .
process from the Cataract and Wide West Apply at 15 Grant ave. . * DOG nosPITAI K
Gravel Mining Co.. In the Wide Westr Gravel I tZJ. — X V uu "U»«lAli».
Mine, near Eho. Calaveras. Co.. to deposit ¦ FIXB location for shoe store: no oawjsiUon; ~~ —^TZT^57r~r~Z '. — T^ 7C*
ta-.lincs in North Outlet and Prospect Gulch; fixtures complete; 4 rooms. Northeast corner x - li \ fu^AKU fa dog hospital. Post, Flllmore —
from H. Sleighter and Thomas Harper, in the Clement st. and Third ave.: Sutro cars pass. Advice and medicine. 75c: city visits. $1 50; all
Fan Francisco Mine, near Tod<J. Placer Co.. — ; ' ¦—— animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
to deposit tailings in Dardanelles Canyon; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ,
from Charles S. I»eisen. in the Riffle Point received at Call branch offlce. Flllmore st. DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Mine, at Grass Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit RH , vrH n fn rA fnr r a ii ndvprtUpments nn,\ ~~ : — ¦ — -
£t**M <^h S Line I£?illW^T < c££ .SScrip C tSn°. ffl lSi 0 bS 1 " esta'blilhe^^t 1036 FAIRFIELDJS Millinery Academy: call and ex-
birg g pT U tn^ n c h o e ArieS^u!nrT^n C jTc I £: V*'««cla st. amlne work; .end for circular- 1236 Market.
«nn Creek; from G. A. and F. W. Brucker- ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
men, in the Renaissance Mint, near Howland LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. ing, plnkir.g. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moftatt.
Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings In a >r n^n.ft T »-> Tl '-..,¦ BTST — T"
»ork«J-out p'.t: from J. R. Bell and A. B. s RO OMC well furnished 1300 McE 5° W Et f* Dressmaking and Millinery' School:
Jacks, in theidper Hill Mine, near Spanish " j^ 0^', Zmt£ZS^£Zx£: '. '. '. \ \ \ '. '. '. \ '. l?5 Private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
u P1 » m 5* *-?" "w^ cvl^.Jf'.n!! 14 rooms. Income $125. cash only..*. 6$0 S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Mll-
WhUlook Ravine; from W. _T. Sherman and :g room9 good location, very cheap at*.. SCO linery School: French system. 411 Van Ness.
O. F. Caya .In the Last Chance lime, near 45 m ___,_ holeI c , ea ' rs $450 mo cash- _ 3500 f ! »
Pert U !ne. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in 1 55 roori } p splendid corner . . 3000 DOBS BROS.' tailor system taught. 10 Metcalf
French Ravine; from GUT. Kingsbury in the I 110 room - s best house in c i ty . offers wanted. place, near Mason, off Geary.
fonder Gulch Gravel Mine, rear I B o Shasta j Ca5h of eaKy payments. Bargains for all. '
JohnM,G e 4°th l i?S2to£S«SStei! neTr i f HAYES & uaLSON. S3S Market (The Elite). EDUCATIONAL. t
the C^an^on-m, Mine near St. Louis. Sierra S3S Market ,t. (The Elite). gSSW.' experf of
nn?i^th-t i SS.tinr wfil be h^ld at '¦ M GRIFFIN' " ehcrthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
fo^m rrno^talldl^fiK-rS.ctaM^CaL! ! 719 Market st.. room Call bulld-ng. tlcal bookkeeging; full course, $30; catalogue.
on Xovcmbfr 1!. 1S00. at 1:30 p. m. Downtown flat, rent $2a.. elegant fur $2aO HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Tost St..
E_ I 14 rooms, full, rent $40. snap^...... -3oO S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
4ni-%XS WVVTED ! SO rooms, rent tioo income $229. all men.. 1,00 guages. telegraphy. English branches, civil.
AGLETS wastbb. 25 r(K)rnf! new nard central corner.. 1800 electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
— . 2J rooms, always full, rent \%o...\. 950 and night sessions; new gO-page catalogue free.
AGENTS wanted; ladies or gentlemen In every Abstract free. Money to loan at lowest rate. . , :
county and town on the Pacific Coast: can j „-.--.„ . — T~; — __,„ „„,!_ " BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
%$BSssrfz2s\ «. • %% _» m e^sssi !i %^£? p MT at w. le a s o°R!
room 51. »u Market st.. San Francisco, Cal. House rt g™™^***-^: IICOO. XELL, rcom 53, Thurlow block, 126 Kearny st.
SHOW ycur colors; blow your cigar and ge,t 1 House 10 rooms; IG00; must be sold to-day. - AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.: day
th*> dollars; 10c in stamps pets samples se- House of IS rooms; $500. • and evening; Individual instruction. $S per
curely niailVd and information Agents Sup- ,' House 24 rooms; Geary: $3300. month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeepinjf.
p!y Co.. :i:5 Market rt.. S. F. ! NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO., 3 Eddy et. ehorthand, telagraphy, etc. ; catalogue free.
L.'TVr and srpr.tlemcn api'nts; something new ! li ROOMS; rent $27 50 (cheap) $450 A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
and trooi: b-.th ladies and gents use. Call bet. I 2" rooms; rent $50 <corner) r . 600 bchool for the university, law and medical
* and 10 a. m 4 !> S 11th *t near Valencia 18 rooms; rent $60 (central) , 900 . colleges: references. President Jordan or any
— . I 90 rooms: rent $100 (paying) 2700 Stanford professor. Phelan building.
TO sell campaign novelty; Roosevelt, hat badge; • 60 rooms: rent $2S0 (Market) C500
Isrg* profits. WHITE & WOEBKE. 8 Pine st. j Large list of houses. Money loaned buyers SPANISH classes day and evening, 3C5 Larkln
f — f ' at 2 per cent. SCHWEIXHARD & CO., St.. cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week. S3 a
A<I'H iLTIM UOOFIXG l Phone Mint 1911. S17 Market, bet. 5th and 6th. month; also private. PROF.F. M. VIZCAINO.
TTHSkR. a*P*»ir^on T . T >aewalL: ceiiarj %S®3££2^=£?£Z PSSSSSSS^^^^^I^^
f.oor? laig. reraired: postal. 11*6 Mission st. I n. roo m' house; $475; 6-room flat 325 $25. TARR. expert accnt., ?20 Parrott bldg.
• . . . . 1 ;o-rocm house: E>idy; rent J75; only 900 Ulce ., n n.nppTr C u nrll ,..j i n «j~ m «.
tKTitmnnv ! *^*"^ pisiipp a rn 1 1» viirM «t MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
'ZZJJL JZSLZI FIS»ER & CO., 1032 Market 6t lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
liME HICKET- Astrolcgist: horoscopes. SOc: ! . porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
card reading and palmistry. 25c. 1923 Mission. { FURNISHED house of 7 rooms for Bale cheap; ALL stu(3ents but two taking full course this
T rooms all full. 131a Stockton st. year pot p^it^ng. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
AT"rORXKVS AT LA\V r . \ , H /wBARGAIK; U rooms; lodging-house. Ap- NESS -COLLEGE. 1236. Market st.
Tt vi» vivr attomev at law 9'- Market « i Ply 439 Dupont St. ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech., sur-
K. wt JviTvtr. attorney at law. »-¦ jumet rx., «-«..»• P ,, n iii. .,.1, . ,i lv _..„ . „. ,«i
tenkr^iacf. cc^ectiontTalf cks«;^r ??e^ | - CARRIAGES AND WAGONS. VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
ao advance charges; money loaned on estates. J ; FREXCH.Spanish.etc.Prof.DeFUippe'sAcademy
TrfJirr'tr*.- divrrr* law « «nenaitv crivVte 7 A * LL klnds of wa E on| . b"PKles. carts, harness, of Languages,320 Post ;establd.lS71;ablest profs.
A.j> !'- r- irtre. aivcrce law a specialty, pn»ate, . .),„„ prim ». con ?ii7 Mission «t
lie . ffe without «uecejs: collections G W. etc.. cheap. EC AN JL Z117 Mission 8 t. apjLXlsH _ XJAn , essons , n a week; 4 to 9 p.
HOVTE. atty at law. SjO Market, cor. Stockton, j AN - A jto.11 express wagon, single, also light m. ; room -42. fourth floor, Parrott building.
Z „_„. , . r. nTr^^ „___.. ZTTZ rr^.-j -_j camping wagon, for tale cheap. 532 Mission. ¦
1. HDtt. JARRETT, Hearst bldg.. Third and — • " • * SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano, «
SlarKet fts.: phone Red E-6Z. NEW 4 2d-hand w^ons. buggies, carts & har- mo. ; hours, 2-4, 6-8. 1238 Market, rms. 119-117.
L._,._ j. ji..«___ 1.-.- H.r^.». H7T7II I ress. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
FRLE ad\1ce; divorce laws damares estates, , • ,, — — JIUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
collectioct. J. A. Mitchell. 2U Montgomery, j SPIRITUALISM ' Ing. Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
88 rr^l W "1 ™ = L^^^^ MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
¦ DaUd? : n - J- Mi " ket 8t ; °J P - Ma '°°; ARRIV ED-Mrs.Dr. Farnham, world-renowned *«»»¦ ***»- ma " do1 '"- b^ 1S36 Ed^ "
L. F. CLARK, Emma hpreckels bldg., SZ7 Mar- . Ep t r itual medium; advice in all affairs of life, ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAT and
k*t m.- <->.r.gult«tlon free: no fees In aavance lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unitee the sepa- ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 42-1 Pine st. "
- , ~~~^~ ¦ — rated; mining a specialty: cirs.Sun..Wed.,F"rl.
' I1VTII CABI\ETS ev'a; come and be convinced. (I'ermanently) CALIFORNIA Business • College, Is again en-
L-u-jJj-k »* ' x^v~^. » 13 Eddy Et.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign. Invging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkln ft.
£SF?S23£!2?Sf? < P t^^i'XVfM a J )th ,T£ MSiE. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 305 Lar- ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
a\ . S. B)'.n^> C f .».. agency, t-6 t^mit St.. fr.K. j k)n _ 1Oc; test meet . to-morrow night. Neptune etc.. day or eve.; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
"irreVCLES For Sale or Eicb 8 n E e. I ebSter " St ' "**¦» Ala " *"'' CHEAPEST and best In America-The y«*ly
: Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
£££*'*£nrwS~6au!^^ ! MRa STODDARD-S wonaerful test circles 10c United States or Canada one year tor ». -
Ui>; ordinary bicycles cheaper. 301 Larkin Jues^ Thurs. and Sunday, 8 j). m. 27S Ninth -..„. » V mwx-i. » gP .rr t
rt. end 196« to 1970 Pace Bt. i St.; readlnrs. EM£LO\ MK> I' OFFICES.
— - j MHS. MAXWELL, .spiritual circle to-night. 8 £— XAPA^ESE~Xnd~^hlne^ir^niployrnent con-
BOARDHG FOR CHILDREN. j o'clock; convincing test; readings daily. 123S tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
j Howard st. 421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
BISIXESS CIIA.VCES. \ MKS. HARLAXD'S circle to-niRht; articles FRED Japanese. Chinese contractor;
; j TeaJ. 10c; character readings dally. US Sixth.- cmp ofilce. 544 California; tel. James 1601.
?0£i£Sw!?i toSSS ! MI:S " SSI^ I^ S a "i^lmlst. 521 Turk RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
cioVe w fictoriic.' f w*relM men^m^loted! | «•' clrolcs Sun " Tugs - Fri - 8 p " m - 25c - flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
a Brlendid .-nance and bargain? Particulars , ATTEND Mr«. Dunham's circle of truih: 2. 8 JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters. ccoks.
i>. WILKL. .-G, 3 Kearn) et. j p. m. 14 McAlllater at., rm. 35; admission 10c. dishwashers; est. 1S90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
A-SALOOX cpp. Hall of Justice; _» years' j CONSULT Watson, 15S1 Mkt, nr. 12th; famous LNIO.V Japanese-Chinese emp. office-Best help
lease: low rent; splendid barRain; Investigate medium and palmist; advice Infallible; 25c up. furn ; domestic eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
and buy at once; rare chance. Call R. G. — __________ 1____________________________________
WILKE. £6-i Kearny st. * FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. ORPIiEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
A-I35O; UESTAUKAXT on Market St.; rent Meyer, sittings; convincing tests to-night; 10c. ne.e help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black SOT1.
tZt; a good-raying place; sicksess of wife J BUSINESS medium. 1908 Otis st.. bet. Mason & CHINESE anrl Japanese Employment Offlce—
f-ompels owner to sell. See R. G. WILKE, j Russell. Ashby sta.. S. Berl.eley; .sit. daiiy. Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
'"^ Kcarnr 6t - : __ EDWARD EARLE. psychic. 328 Powell St.; ,, MP , -¦.„.„,,„, „...,,.¦¦„ ,;„.,., ~
J'ARTNER -wanted, restaurant In Vallejo: fine hours. 9 to 5; Sunday at K: of P. Hall. KMPLOVMbSl WA.MtU * bllALh.
bus-inese'; 40 steady boarders; good transient; ",,,,_ «, . m n^ ... . r~ — ; — ™"^T.VJT"«"t" 1"^ < 1 Tl — T,
terms. 1300 cash easy installments cf $200;.In- M^ E - M^ JOR f f *J ned ,., t ""£! rtI _ al medlum - A-FIRST-CLASS cook wants a situation; un-
vestigation solicited- or owner will sell the healer and card reader. U2 Sixth st., room 1. derstands American and Lnglish cooking. In
1 " 1^ * MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi! t&gvg^Sit&'L'* "*^^ MIS3
\VIIJvE. Kearny Bt. ne«B meiium. life reader: wittlngg tl. 1104 Mkt. ¦ **¦* ""'¦'¦ ; -
A-S3^0; BUTCHER shop, with horse and cart. ' — POSITION wanted by an experienced young
in belt location of Western Addition; place *» CLAIRVOYANTS. '• ' la(ly as cashler : best of references. • L29V4
es-tabllfhed fcr years and doing a flrst-class _^ —^^^_^ Mission Bt. '_. ¦
fcusines*; a ? ple^did chance for any man. MME . poRTER. wonderful claln-oyant & card A MIDDLE-AGED German woman .with girl
e»ii k. **. \\ ii^i^tu, zi-i ivearn> gt. reader, born with double veil & second sight; of »lx, wishes situation as housekeeper or
A— Jir»- SALOON with 10 furnished rooms; diagnoses disease - with life reading: ladies housework; good cook." 645B Natoma et.
clo« to l «S?^ __Cc. gent jl^alm^nd clalr. sltjlJO. 136 Turk. WANTED _ By - Bteady _ lr i. a place as second
a £hln*t?%fJ^]ri^Vb£?E ISMAR - the E «Ptl*n WPsy clairvoyant and ivork or nurpeglrl; J15. 829 Pine* st.
• m r^ vf -^'^v^c -^1 ™lf'*» bar^ aln - palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp. L - :
Call ia G. WILKL. 26^ Kearny Et. £„. pri ' V a te readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p m A YOUNG girl would like a position to wait at
1 ivin- nivivr nnoM tr\rt i-ostnurant with ' ' « table. Address ¦ 172 Clementina Bt.
SflShf^fteST and ea Ma1on rlV "o% 1 Jeidy i A DRESSMAKER, good fitter and cutter. 1150
.^dLS* cS R G. WlLxg <** Sunday.fllO Turk St.; no Mgn. Jjr j^g*-? «SS2? EureTa.^ W ° rken
2«»» Kearny tt. LINCOLN, occult student and clairvoyant; the ' — '¦
_ — —— — _ _^/_ . — »»„,_«__ wonder of the-age: »onsult him: you will never A WIDOW wishes a position as. a working
A.-tVVX>; LEADING saloon: located between regret It. Parlors 125 Turk st. housekeeper. Apply to 6C8 Mission st.
wholesale houses, insurance and mercantile ! . i ;
officer: place establishe<l 40 years; knov.-n as JUST returned, MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoy- WOMAN wants a position to do general house-
one of the best whteky bars in this city. Call ant. card reader; mental questions answered; work; city or country. Address 29% Moss st.
R G. WILKE. 26H Kearny Et- . la<3!ee. 25c; gents, 50c. 34 Sixth Bt., room 6. -,-.,.....-, . Tr TT : _
. : : ! 1 YOUNG lady wishes situation to. do light
A--S^»:. SALOON and boarding-house with 10 MRS. E. SANDERS. 514 Taylor st-i near Geary housework or care of child. 323^4 Third st.
furnieheij rooms en water front; rent J40;- 2 — Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium; : — rr^r : ' " —
years' lease: a good business. See R. G. ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p. m.; Frl.. 8: dr.. •£ic. SITUATION by girl to do housework and plain
WILKE -fi 1 . <earny st. cocking; no postals.. 959 Howard st.
; : — __L_ i MME. BERNARD, reads life nuently: advice —
A— f350; CORNER saloon In wholesale district; given In all affairs in life; satisfaction guar- WANTED— A situation in a private exchange
r^lace estab. years: good paying; no night or anteed; 25c up. 17 Third st., next E-aSniner. by. a young lady with experience. .' Address 106
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26«. Kearny st. Bernard st. ¦ '
. , MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm- '¦ ; : 1 : —
A— J250; <HGAR etcre with 4 rooms; rent $2i; 1st and card reader; 25c and 50c. 7 Seventh. NEAT respectable Protestant as second girl In
place clearing $75 per month. R. G. WILKE. ¦ quiet American family across the bay. Call
2CV. ' Kearny ¦_. MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card ¦ reader. at 415 Third st. ... -,- ? .-• K. % ¦
• trance medium; 25c up.823Mlssionst. ;ring bell. — -
HOTEL, city; all new furniture"; newly pa- ¦ GERMAN girl wishes ... a , position; • $20 per
r*-red and painted; clears $500 monthly; big MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past, month; housework and cooking. 723A Te-
inducemerit to right party; $3000; easy terms. present, future, 25c. 148 Sl-th St., room 14. ¦ > haraa st. ' , - >
l_2%V« P d : w^"™l^i^ r 'i fc _ > W0- M if t^-; C ?ii 1^& u cl Sl2SrS t '- Card reader:8 VERY hard work with washing. $1 60 per day;
both dolnV a good bu*lne«s. . • ¦ sittl-_« dally. 448V4 Jeesle Bt. lighter • work_ with light washing, $1 10 per
RHEINHOLD & 6KIRM. M RS. MELVILLE, well-known clalrvoyant.wa- day ' ' 8 Thlrd 8t '
SH Market st,, 2d floor, room 218. ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken. 2 FINLAND girls wish general housework. 45
BALOON In wholesale district; rent $60; pood MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business Sacramento st. ¦¦-¦.¦.¦.,¦
%°^O. b^ZVr^lL $^ "**"""• <25 G °' dgn GatC — —4 A a r^ r _ I e F or A ?o E ?akrc^e n J 1^"^ «¥
Flfth.nd Sixth; phone Mint 1511. MME. AUGUST, clalrvpyant. card' reader and and hereelf genYraHv tsefnl- h» I /t
' ¦¦ . palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission. m tL^ S y : best * f
J4n0-<rHICKE>' t)usinesi>: 400 chickens; tools; — — — references. 20 Twelfth ;st. . -^- ' :
hor^; 2 w. g Q PS ;. rg nt $12'mo. Ba-lle. 3 Eddy, *%S£™. *^-\« W'*i& ¦* MM ? 1
J1000— SALOON; near Market: central; full • ---^ housework, good plain cook. Address .J.,
value stock: cause sickness. BASILE 3 Eddy. A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, call Branch Office. ,615 Larkln st.
A-BRANCH baker,', candy, notions, "groceries. Jl mailing, $1 per year. GIRL wishes position to do gerpral housework
at a eacriSce; fine location; good stock and C4RPET^EATlliG~AVn"rT i^AKivr or second work. Apply 237 Franklin gt. ,*-
fixtures; living rpomT I__ne & Co.. 865 Mkt." _r^^T^3J^^^^^ EXPERIENCED dressmaker .wished > few
S250-PARTNER wanted In a light manufac- STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and Wan- m °re enKagements by; the day or. take work
u-rlng buxinesF; sure proHt $75 a mpnth to kets renovated. 25c per pair: carpets cleaned, nome. ,,vj Harrison gt. : --.-- .,, ¦
e_ch. DONNELLY A CO., 632 Market «t. 3c yd: laying a specialty. Phone Mission J06. NEAT yotfng girl wants general housework
7 M. GRIFFIN 719 Market, r.. 1, WHEN you b-come diFgusted with poor work and plain cooking. Please call at 965 Oak at.
sell- all kind, of businesses. See him. „ inlSvlrt^^-^^l 0^"^^'^^ COMPETENT nurse wants . position 'caring fi^
A--BKKr.ni~c\^H^rh» r«r month- Bnan. Tehama -t.; tel. South 40. mvallcl or .Infant; confinement cases a 6 pe-
COWING&-rS 7^9 Markets CARPETS 'cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c. ciahy. prices reasonable. Call or address 22S
'— : STI»ATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 9»4. • _ Eleventh at. : .,,¦:..' .- >
'fh^comer'^ J- K. MITCliELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno- POSITION wanted by ah, experienced lady as
SSOOT Call at <A\ Ninth sL morning vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: teL Mission 74. r^ashier and saleslady In restaurant and bak-
.., , ' — ~ '¦ — — ¦ erj*; can furnish references. JH.'H., 204 2<li»t :
SSStS!Ss£^£S-iPS^\S& c^^n_? £?^&VSt&&.& position a9 w**,*-*^
Seventeenth and «unche. .t,. : . ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter '_.., SSTwti'Slfofn^"- " * tW ™*: . Ad(1r^
tMWV-REPTAURANT; beet paying in city; trial te^Maln Mi. QEO. WALCOM., proprietor. , •¦ -.--.«.-.-,-_-- - „. ¦ b "/''"""."'¦
riven- »*r!t »v) i,,,j v t» mi Ui>nip' c« rvwrvT ivc /--__. n .¦ _.. . ___ _ ~i«oi-t*_«A_H . awealsn ¦ cook wants a position
gjen^rent W. Apply U U. McltAE, 837 j <*£KLI£ J^^^^orU,, 333 Golden : -wages $30 to « ?Plea«e
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
POSITION as governess or housekeeper in fam-
ily; English and German spoien. Call; or ad-
¦ dress 1892. Mission St., bet. . 2 and 4 p. m.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, ; $1 50 to $6
j. week;- convenient and respectable; free *bu»
and baggage to and from ferry. ; * -.* - ¦ v : v
A BRANCH olflce f Or Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
'-' Valencia st. . .' '¦"
EMl'LOVMEST WANTED MALE.
EXPERIENCED, reliable cigar clerk wishes
steady place; reasonable salary;; best refer-
I encea. Address box 411S. <^all offlce.
• MAN and wife about 3d want situations on
j ranch or private place; sober and trustworthy;
I references. Box 3601, Call office.
SITUATION, wanted by competent man to take
care or carden, horses and make himself use-
ful around private place; can care for sick
perty. Box 3S63..Call offlce. •
MAN speaking English. Portuguese, Spanish
and understands French and Italian wishes a
I pcsltlon In city or country at any kind of
work. 334 Pine st. ¦ -' •" '" ¦¦'¦
! COOK wants work; a good, careful cook; or
would so as second cook. T. SMITH. 318
Minna st. ' " - - : ¦ ' ; * : -
j STEADY young man, understands the care of
.1 horses, desires a posttlon as coachman, or
" gardener; understands milking cows; city or
country; references. THOMAS, Ahlborn
House, 321 Grant ave. -.
EXPERIENCED cook wants position in hotel
or mining camp; .country; state wages and
fare. Box SSSO. Call office. -
GERMAK . cook and helper want places to-
gether In hotel or boarding-house; city or
country; can do any kind of cooking. ; 212
Xfttoma st., basement^ - . '' •
ORCHARD superintendent wants position or
will rent on shares. Address box 1694, Wal-
nut Creek. .-.'.. ¦ : . -' ' *
BARKEEPER, also lunchrian and waiter wish
situations in saloon. F. F.. 458 Natoma «t.
GERMAN grocery clerk and barkeeper, or to
work as Janitor and porter, wishes a sltua-
'tion; flrst-class references. W. BOHLING,
4^17 Kearny st. _^
PAINTER and decorator, first-class non-union
man. desires steady or long Job; willing to
work cheap if steady work- can be had.
Painter, box 4143, Call offlce. *
COACHMAN or groom ; one who thoroughly un-
derstands the care of carriage and roadster
horses and fine harness; does his own clip-
ping and trimming;* good reference. Box
4123. Call. t
YOUNG man, well educated in English and
German, desires position of any kind; refer-
ences and security given. J. SHILLING, 1581
Valencia st.
YOUNG handy man wants position as porter:
understands gardening work, or to go. as
nurse In private family;. best reference.- Box
3S29. Call offlce. ' .[
YGUNG man, S3, educated business experience,
' sober, reliable, wants situation as manager,
salesman or clerk. Box 3S44, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man, having had 3 years' ex-
perience at painting, wishes work. Address
FRANK WILSON. 124 Sixth St., room 23.
YOUNG man. understands placer mining and
office work, wants position. Box 3S35. Call.
STATIONARY engineer wishes position. Ad-
dress box.3S30. Call office^
PRIVATE secretary desires engagement. Ad-
dress Traveler, box 4115, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
. Valencia *Bt. '
EXPERT OI»^lCIAjyS. "_
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
j DERWRITIXG CO.. 504 Parrott building
i PLATS TO LET.
1 A— SNAP; 2 cozy flats of 3 rooms; 10 days free;
I $9 per month. 650Aand 650C Jessie st.
A 4-ROOM lower flat, yard, $10. 42 Russ St.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, near Mission.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 3 rooms; sunny; rejit
$12 60; water free. 1365 Sacramento at.
FLATS 5 and 6 rooms; sunny; fine view; large
yard. 707 Stockton St. . - ¦ - "
FLAT with 6 rooms and bath; rent $22. 631
McAllister et.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
J from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
LOWER sunny 6-room flat. NE>. corner Jackson
|, and Ijarkin; vacant Nov. 1; rent $30. Inquire
i 1S06 Larkln st. ¦
| NATOMA, 714. bet. 8th and 9th— Flat of 4
J rooms, yard and cellar; rent $10; no children.
UPPER flat. 5 nice sunny rooms; large cellar;
rent reasonable. 710% Clementina st.
5 BUNNY rooms; 900 Bryant st. cor. Seventh;
cheap; apply corner, bet. 1 and 3 p.m.
$7 — 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. oft Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery, 941' Brvant.
$10—4 SUNNY rooms. 237 Dore St., bet. Ninth
! and Tenth sts.. off Harrison.
! J18 — UPPER bay-window flat, 6 rms., bath; fine
I view. It69 Broadway, bet. Taylor and Jon.es.
i . .
FLATS WANTED.
! a — NOTICE; owners attention! We guarantee
to rent good houses and flats in three to flf-
I teen days. . A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
j «- . *
! FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 DO, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar-
ket -Ft.: telephone . South 637...
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY, buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 10*1 before selling your
furniture. Standard' Furn. Co.. 745 Mission. .
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP ». ANTED-FEMALE.
cT1*Ti3ANSE'N~&""c'x)Tr?^^
• ....HOTEL; DEPARTMENT... .....
Waitress for Sacramento, $25; 2 for Madera,
$20; 2 for Bakersneld, $25; 2 for Orovllle, $J0;
2 for Salt Lake, $20; 2 for. Nevada mining
town, $25, fare paid, see party here 10 a. m. ;
waitress. ! Institution, $20; 2 women scooks,
restaurants, - city, $30 and room................
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...'...
Cook In bakery and coffee house. $27; house
girls, Santa Cruz, Oakdale, Livermore, Ryde,
Willows, and too many orders for city to
enumerate; cook, $30; young nurse girl, care
.of 2 children. C. (R. HANSEN & CO., 101
Geary st. •
2 WAITRESSES | for ¦ miners' | boarding-house,
Nevada, $25, see party here ' at 10 a. tn. . C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
A — WANTED— Laundress to do hand Ironing,
for, country $30 and found. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— WANTED— 2 chambermaids • for hotel, city.
$20 and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
A — LAUNDRESS, $25; seamstress. $25; rook.
$30; housework girl, ?30. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. - .; . ... - . r
RESPECTABLE young girl to assist in. light
housework, plain cooking,' for family of elder-
ly lady and 2 young men; good home; $10.
Box. 2707. Call office. ¦¦:¦ ,¦--. '.-"¦..
GIRL wanted to do general housework: good
cook: flat; 2 In family. Call S120 Washing-
. ton st. >
GIRL to assist with light housework and child.
1609 Clay st.; 5 wages : $6.
GIRL to assist In . light housework ; $8 to $10.
"4115 -Twentieth St., bet. Castro- and Noe.
WANTED— A dressmaker at 984 Folsom St..
between Fifth and Sixth.
'GIRLS wanted. .Mutual Labor Lltho, 23 Main
.-.- street.' J :.;..= V- : .-,- .- .''-..
GIRL; for .general housework. 1316 -Fulton st.
GIRL for housework; family of 2; call 9 to 12.
:'; 1415 '. Van : Ness - ave. ':', ' '." , ." ¦ ' ' '¦'. ¦: ' ¦-. ."' V-" -•¦:-
WANTED — Young lady to work In small board-
¦ Ing-house. 1427 Hyde . St. ,
RELIABLE Protestant girl In small family:
¦plain cooking." 30 ..Valley st.; Guerrero-st. cars.
YOUNG girl .to assist In housework;; 2 In fam-
ily: good home;: wages $10. 565 W'aller St. :.
WANTED— A , woman for. washing and - ironing
Lby the' day.: s . 1813 Laguna, st. ; ; « _ -"'i*\<'
GIRLS to fold : and make ' paper cracker boxes.
; .16 Fremont st/ v i " ¦¦' -•¦'¦".". t
WOMAN for light housekeeping; low wages;
: good home. ; 249;Mlnna st. .' , ' .;
YOUNG lady; refined and with business ability.
i-/Call;nfter 9 a. m.,- 113 Stocktonst., room 5. •"?
DRAMA— Ladles :' wanted: r theatrical engage-
. ment:; goodv figures; ino : previous ; expedience
__necessary. ,-¦ Address box : 2709, "C Call . offlce. - , r -
WANTED-^Girl-for general housework nnd as-
sist with cooking; small family; no children.
Apply.SSS O'Farrell st. . • ,
HELP , Iw ANTED— FEMALE.
GOOD tailoress wanted on "custom coats. 305A
,•:- Mason st. •,',•-'. -\ -.-.-¦ ' . ' ~ - • '
GIRL to assist in light housework; wages $10.
¦ 532 Fourth st. '. ¦' ' ' ... . ¦ . ' ' '
GIRL wanted for 'general housework and cook-
' Ing. ; Call forenoon. 1S10 Bush st. • ¦
GIRL for cooking and general housework; 2 In
family; wages ?20. 2599 Howard st.
GIRL wanted to assist with light' housework.
* 1324 Scott st,
| WANTED-^ girls; cook and upstairs work;
will take, mother and daughter; no washing.
, 1605 Lajrmia st: , '
GIRL for general' housework; good cook. Call
1010 Delope s St., 9 to 12.
i Jl : : _ •
GIRL wanted to do light housework. 1236 Call-
fornla st.. call bet. 9 and 12 a. ny
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 121 Post' St., room 49.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and care
: of. children. Call at 926B Fulton st. '
FINISHERS on custom, coats wanted; steady
work. 304 Tehama st. .¦ ' • ¦•
.WAIST finisher and improver. ' 2014 Suttef st.
WANTED— Young woman in French family.
612 Hampshire St., between 18th 'and 19th. .
COMPETENT cook limited housework; Scandi-
navian preferred: references. '1909 Pacific ave.
•YOUNG woman, neat and reliable, for chll-
dren's nurse; references. 1909 Pacific ave.
GIRL wanted for boarding-house. 11 Clay st.
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on dress. -and negligee- shirts; steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co..* 27 Jessie st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on boys'
knee pants; steady work; good wages; also
apprentices. N. EPSTEIN, 1034 Folsom st.
WANTED— Immediately, a bright woman about
• 30 for position of trust; no stenography; ref-
erences. . Box 4130, . Call offlce.
ACTIVE, hustling lady to . solicit advertise-
ments; liberal pay. Box 3836, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED sewers on underskirts In fac-
tory; steam power.. A.- AARON, 579 Mission.
COOP finisher on pants. S3 Third St., upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; steady
work. 41H4 Kearny st: " -
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St., between 13th and ltth. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C Va-
lencia Bt.. •
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^UJRRT9nr^U3ADY^
Leadlns Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M, TO-DAY
MECHANICAL HELP— CARPENTERS:
5 house carpenters for mining company, $3 50
day 1 ; carpenters, bridge and trestle work, $70
and found; bench hand, also turner and hand
sawyer. $3 day; laborers, city and country.
$1 75 and $2 day: plow, teams ters and farmers.
S26 and $30" and found; milkers and butter-
makers, <$30 and found; carriage painter, tank
cooper, blacksmiths, hostlers and stable men;
100 woodeboppers, 80c to $2 25 cord, tools and
provisions furnished. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st. ..-•¦.- «¦•
A— MARRIED HELP -
. Farmer and wife for orchard $50 and found,
see boes . here; farmer and wife, $45 and
found: man to do blacksmlthlng and farm
work; wornan cook, few' men, $45 and found,
seq-boss here. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.-* \
¦ A BAND sawyer and flier for Oregon, $100 and
found, see bess here; man to take contract to
cut wood. Oregon, see boss here. MURRAY
6 READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— 36 cooks, city and country, $30 to $50 and
found; man for delicatessen store, $40 and
found: markers and laundry help; boy for
bakery; dishwashers, waiters, etc. MURRAV
& READY, 634-636 Clay st. \ •
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. -104 Geary st.
WANTED FOR RAILROAD WORK:
6 stonemasons, Nevada $3 50 a day
50 teamsters, Nevada $2 00 a day
Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare.
40 coalminers, New Mexico....
6 machine drillers $3 00 a day
10 carpenters, country $3 00 a day
Gardener, private place, country. ...$25
Electrical foreman $3 30 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT: '
Cook and helper for Institution. $45 and $20;
cook and wife, for. miner's boarding-house,
$75. see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED. ***"" '-
4 farmers for orchard '. $20
German farmer {25
Scandinavian farmer ....$2."
Farmer and milk J-S
Swiss farmer and milk J2S
' Young boy for ranch :....... .$10
Furnaceman for mine (6c
Gardener and milk 2 cow*, see boss at offlce
early $2o
Assistant cook for boat $20
Choreman ...$15
; W. D. EWERS CO., 610 Clay st
A— CAMP waiter for railroad camp, $25 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A— 10 TEAMSTERS for the. California and
Ncrthwe«tern Railway at Uklah, free fare.
C. R. HANEEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A-20 CARPENTERS, see boss at, offlce this
morning; 6 good finishers; 20 cabinet makers;
13 bench hands; 3 sticker hands; sash and
door man; 2 slaners and rip sawyers; cut olf
sawyer at Mechanics' Registration Bureau,
410 Kearny st.,- room 9. Non-union mechanics
please register. No offlce fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union (US) meets to-
nlght at 115 Turk et. 9 o'clock. I. LESS, Sec.
WANTED- Salesman visiting drug trade on
Pacific Slope to carry saleable line on com-
mission; either principal or side line. Ad-
dress, with reference. HOLLANDER, KOSH-
LAND & CO., Baltimore, Md.
WANTED— First-class solicitor for theater
curtain. . Apply Tuesday between 9 and 10
a. . m.. room 6. 402 Kearny : st.
FIRST-CLASS f Inner wanted; union rules. Ap-
ply 814 Kearny st.
SOLICITOR for wagon. Apply 1421 Potat
Lobos ave. » . . :
YOUNG man to seV type. Apply at 12:30, at
34 California st.. second floor.
.COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROTHERS. 24 Sutter St..
LUNCH waiter at 223 Brannan st
WANTED— A man to make beds and help in
kitchen.' i 567 Mission. St. ' ¦'
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor; good position. 20
Sansome et., upstairs.
GOOD tallo# wanted at 520 Kearny St.. first
floor. ; room 1. . . '
WANTED— Gardener to work In nursery. Ap-
ply 215 Hayes st.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday, Friday
nights. Saturday and Sunday. 1145 Valencia.
¦WANTED— Good ladies' tailor at 532 Four^
teenth St.. - Oakland.
YOUNG man wanted with some experience to
work at Gooch's Oyster House. 113 Ellis st.
WAITER wanted to do porter work. 37 Eddy
street. ' .
W'ANTED-Nlght cashier; all-round man. 29
Stockton st. .
$85— TWO-CHAIR shop; rent $5; receipts $25:
owner sick. Inquire H. BERNARD. 104
Seventh st.
BARBER shop* for Sale cheap; one chair. Call
I • 319 Ellis st.
WANTED— To buy small barber shop; give
cash price. Address box 3861, Call Offlce.
W.ANTED-Siiperintendent for sawmill' and
general work connected with lumber businenn:
must be thoroughly competent, conversant
with all. the details of lumber trad? and cap-
. . able of managing a large business; none but
practical men with .large experience and
first-class references . need - apply. Address,
giving experience, salary ; expected. X Y Z.
.box 3S31," Call offlce; all communications con-
fidential. ~ .- • • . •
COATMAKERS— Htghest union prices paid;
free sitting-room. *ALFRED ULIENFELD.
908 Market st. . > ¦ -.
WANTED— Partner in carpenter shop; old es-
, -tabllshed; too much work for one boss. Ad-
¦dress box 3679. Call offlce. ¦ . .: • .: v
GOOD 'barber for every Wednesday, Saturday
• and Sunday. 1303 Castro St.. corner Twenty-
ji fpurth_ •:>!.> ¦¦¦ .¦.-».' . .¦ .;:¦--_- '---.
'YOUNG man to I drive butcher cart; some I ex-
perlence. People's : Market. , 16th and ; Market.
WANTRD— Two ..tailors; .military*- work. 2S20
Greenwich : st. ¦ r .-, .
¦ .WANTED— A. thoroughly experienced clothing
salesman: one who can . talk Portuguese; > for
Sacramento. Apply, at 523 Market St., room 7,
: between 2 and 3 p. m. , ...
WANTED— Laborers , anfl mechanics to. know
that ; Kd Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
I runs' Denver. House, 217 Third st. TlaO large
.'¦;.! looms; *25c per, night: $1" to $2 per week:
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
' weeks, required ;, positions guaranteed; special
¦Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class buck ¦ and-, sheepskin
' glove* cutters on block. E.G. CONKLIN &
i ¦ CO.;; 413 Sacramento st. • : • ' - .
ALL sizes men'i shoes, slightly damaged, half
H price. * 662 .Mission st.. bet.Mst and 2d sts.
,-. ..-¦-. ,..-¦.' - . . . -. „., ...... - :
HELP WANTED— JIALE.
WANTED^-A good sticker hand; San Francisco
manufacturing establishment; steady - em-
ployment and good pay to-right man. Box
4107, Call offlce. i . ¦ ¦'
WANTED— Aggressive, reliable real estate
salesman; give reference and salary expected.
Box 3815, Call offlce. » •
WANTED—A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 819 Sacra-
mento st.. near Montgomery:, one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
PHYSICIAN wants an honest, bright, intelli-
gent young man, about 18. to assist In office;
• rnust write a good hand and have good refer-
. ences. Address, stating full particulars, box
4135, CaU offlce. •
WANTED — A young man to act as floor
walker: one with good address and sterling
habits; for Weinstock.- Lubin & Co.. Sacra-
mento. Apply at 523 Market st.. near First,
between 2 and 3 p. m. - '
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old, reliable
firm. 806 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg. : pen-
sion vouchers executed, 25c; advice ¦ free.
A.— SALESMEN, offlce men and mechanic*
seeking positions, call at 9 Geary St.. rm. 8.
$75— PARTNER wanted in small restaurant;
•$30 month; no experience necessary- *9* 4tn -
COATMAKER or pantsmaker: can have seat
room by yourself. 104 Kearny st. : tailor shop.
•U. 8. SLIPPERS; 600 pair from 25c up. at 635
Mission st. . ' ' ' _^
BARBERS; complete 2-chalr shop for sale at
bargain. Call and Investigate. 394 Sixth st.
GET y<?ur> shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED-100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
STOLTZ. barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to 63S Market St.. upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st. .
PENSIONS— OEO. r>'. CAMPBELL, lawyer, 18
.'.years' practice: Examiner, building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 7C0 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HE.MOKRHOIDS.
PILES — 300 cures business men in San Fran-
cisco; can be seen: no operation: no pain; par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom st., S. F.
FOR sale— 4 cows. Corner Twentieth and Min-
nesota sts. .
HOUSES TO LET.
A^SBcTE^XisT^Houserto let ; send f oPclr"
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A MODERN 12-room house on 1U4 CFairell,
near Franklin.
ELEGANT sunny 7-room house. 3870 Twenty-
fourth st.. near S?nchei.
HOUSE of 4 rooms, in rear. "% Vacca place,
on* Harrison st.
NEW house of 6 rooms and bath. Pixley ave.,
between Fillmore and Webster.
MYIVKOTISM.
COMPLETE course instructions and diploma,
5 lessons, $5: cigarette and other bad habits
cured. PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND. 997
. Market St.: hours' 2* to 5 dally.
HYPNOTISM successfully taught In 6 one-hour
lessons by PROF. DILLON. 324 O'Farrell st.
LOST AND. FOUND.
LOST — Pocketbook. Montgomery and Mission,
containing certificate of deposit on bank; of
no use to finder. Return and receive reward
BOB MONKS' saloon. East St., near Jackson.
LOST — Bunch of keys, between Fifth and Clem-
entina, to Perry, to Fourth, to Brannan.
Suitable reward will be paid for the return
of same to St. Louis Bakery, 853 Bryant st.
LOST— A satchel In McAllister-st. car. Satur-
- day eveninsr. Reward on returning it to 1003
Devi saderoatrt . ¦ -
LOST— Sunday afternoon: dark brown pup.
Liberal reward If returned to 743 Harrison st.
LOST — 2 dogs, brown water spaniel and English
setter; liberal reward. 150S Pine St.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlberula Savings
' and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of E. W. EMERSON; No. 130-074. The
finder will please return to bank.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
' United States or Canada one year for $L
liEUICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; hare treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use tt; perfectly harmless. Send
stamps for circular.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 101& Mar-
ket, opp. Dth; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe and reliable: practiced in San Fran-
cisco for years; treated thousands of cases
successfully; treatment can be used at home;
consultation f ree. > After all others fall call
ch him. ¦
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5: have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice in S. P.; low fees.
1007H Market st.. near Sixth.
IMPORTANT notice for ladies— Help for the
poor: cure reduced from $5 to $2 50: every
woman her own physician; can be sent ana
used home. DR. POPPER.- 3^ Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice: treatment at offlce. $5; any all-
' ment: consultation free; guaranteed. 942
Post «t.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed ;.6end for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
tarlum. 704 Sacramento- St.. corner Kearny.,
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth — Safe and reliable ladies' physician;
treatment, $5; when others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1033 Market-Ladles' spe-
Vciallst; safe and. reliable: consultation free:
hours • 10 to 8. \ •
PR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS- — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont Bt.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our Boor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission rt..
above Sixth; write for catalogue. ; -.•¦*.'
NEW BROOMS^-The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at C28 and 630 Clay St..- near Kearny. has
just started; storekeepers can be supplied with
all' kinds of brooms at the cheapen rates;
order* by mall attended to.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California
st.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and 'rack, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ &-SON
16 O'Farrell st. , - - . '
FOR salQ—A complete set of molds for artifi-
cial flowers at a great sacrifice. 170« Mar-
ket st,
FINE suit. $10: dress pants. - $2 75.' MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS,- 437 Montgomery st.
A-I3 5O DERBY and Fedora hats. ' $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A-100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler.' two-drill
air compressors.- JARDINE*S. 220 Fremont st.
AT a bargain— Stock of • second-hand goods -in
good condition. 1425: Market at.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and soId.KROGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 818 Mission st.
¦ WILL rent full' dress Tuxedo or Prince 'Albert
> , suits for $2 50. Portland po»n Office. 2S Stktn.
SAFES— New- and second hand, i THE HER-
j MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 SacramenTo "t~
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron ,and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand.TJ. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, rlew and; 2d hand; moving
pictures. BULLARrij^BRECK. 131 Post st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
/ fits bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
S^Tr S^? J o W * nd secon( J- hand -.all sizes. THE
;. WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-U1 Market St.. San Fran.
' C 5 E , A PEST «nd!best in Amenca-The ¦ Woekly
J United States or Canada one year for tl.
• MISCELLAKEOPS WANTS.
GOOD duck doc. well broken. Box 3803 Cali£
office.
W wg?T^I^'n^ P MarSet?Jt. Ca5h - """^
I^SJ E liii? d geRta ' cast -°«f clothing bought &
«old. Sllvtrman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
K^k IX 8tll J JP 3^ 3 bcst P rice f °r clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 sixth st ; tel. Jesslg 14L
_ MU.NEV TO LO.iX.
ANY amount on -furniture, pianos, without* ~re^
SS?S ° T , * ny ,, Other Kood »«Mrtty: payabla
back In installments or as a whole- If you
owe a balance on the purchase price w« will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
Erst; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-89 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates
. ..'....Undivided Interests in Real Estate-...!.!
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN" MURPHY. 830 Market at.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
• afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; da
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms !» and 10. 908 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est ra,tes. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
«t-: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ANT amount at 8 per cent; 1st. 2d and Zd mort-
gage*, undivided interest, real estate la pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business ei»o-
where. R. McCOLGAN. S4 Montgomery, r. J.
ANT proposition, any amount; « per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates tn probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
A— J5C0.00O ON city and country real estat« and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE, n Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Stxta;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 128 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ANY amount by private party on furnltuid and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants* Ex.. 431 California.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos; 3 per
cent; no removal; no commis'n. 6 Eddy, r. 31.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bl*.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential : on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndomer. MORRELL. «0J Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. a. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL l.\STKUME.Vr9^^
wifhave a new lot of lnterchangeabla tune
Olympia music boxes, playing IS tunes with-
out stopping. They are the best thin* of the
kind ever offered. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st.
WE want you to call and see the bargains we
have. . Fine second-hand pianos for $100. $1=0.
$175 $200 $300. $350. Beautiful new ones few
$200 to $350. All pianos sold on easy pay-
ments It you desire, and you can at any time
exchange for a hew Decker & Son.
BY a special arrangement -with the manufac-
turers we are now enabled to give 12 tunes
with each Olympia music box sold by uh
hereafter, and a discount of 10 per cent wl,l
be allowed on tune discs when one dozen or
more are bought at a time. MAL\A13 ML-
SIC CO.. 769 Market St.. agents.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byfon Mauzys
hav« the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of cur
Byron Manzy Pianos, any time within four
years full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best ottered to th»
public for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished. lull-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for fiv« years, 'or
$320 $6 cash and $8 per month. This is not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY. Sole Agent
Sohmer & Co.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Spe!!-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 3C3. 310. 313 Post.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEIN"VYAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every trade to select from ;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $6 per month;
some good pianos for $3, $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO., STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter st»..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland. •
A3SOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
23 and 10 O'Faml] St.. pianos, organs and
all other musieal instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th*
customer.
SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used pianos.
See us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st. : Checkering agency and everything
pertaining to music; symphonlon music boxes.
CHOICE stock of line uprights : can't give them
away, but will sell them very cheap. J.
DEWING CO.. Flood building.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best in the worM;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos; S3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. ISO Hayes st.
GENTLEMAN leaving city must sacrifice fin*
upright piano In 5 days. 321 Golden Gate ave.
HIGH-GRADE piano, nearly new. $165. HEINK
Piano tDo.. 217 Geary St.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT Sohmer uprlsht. rood as new. an.l
other great bargains. BRUENN. 208 Poat >t.
FINE 2-pedaI uprlzht piano; sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister st.
A cleanins out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT'KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st.'. 4 elegant up-
rlgh'ts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN: must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMIT2. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steclc. Hardman. Con-
over & ethers. W. B. ALLEN A CO.. 314 Pist.
OIL. "
JOSEPH B. TOPLTTZ. 330 PINE ST.
. OIL STOCK BROKER.
Members Producers' Oil Exchange. Cor, solctd.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River n>M
for sale; no stock proposition; no wildcat
scheme; this Is sure territory In the largest ¦
and best kjicwn field In California. If you
want to form a company buy good land on
the line of 'the railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN
& SOMES. 8.: C- MASON, agent. 11 Mont-
gomery st. '
OFFICES aS'D STORES TO I.ET.~
A GRAND store., adjoining the Owl Drug Co.;
2Sxl3O feet; reduced from $600 to $430. Apply
A. M. SPECK & CO.., 667 Market st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. "mT Market st.—
Light sunny offices. $15 to $20 per month, with
light, heat. Janitor and use cf Dhone.
STORE to let; rent $15. 517 Laguna St.. comer
Linden ave. ,<>
STORE, 3 rooms. Just vacated, for barber. !<hn<»-
maker or dressmaker. $15. 311S 22d. nr. F.">ts"T».
NEW store: ofnYe* upstair*; separate entrHnr*;
cheap. 624 Merchant St.. near Hall of Justice..
25x125 FIRST loft; 25xS*> secon.1 loft. S79 «i.l
, E87 Mission St.. opp Wells- Farjro's hulldlne.
SC6 SANSOME. handsome store. $10; 32* Pacific,
large store cheap. , .
LARGE elegant store and basement: 993 Va-
lencia rt.. n»«t- ?Nr. rmctn»*« r»n»?r
I'AUHSTRY. %
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 5E1
, Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Dlack .Vii.
MME. NEERGAARD. 7W) Post; teL Hyde t$*t\
¦ hours 1 tn.5 evp.. am} Sun'tav hv snr«i'ifn«-:».
—^ — — — »i
I*ERSO.NALS.
IF 'ALBERT ELSEY, carver, ' who was raid-
ing in .and near Vancouver. British Columbia,
during" the years 1391 to 1S55. and afteraa.-rl
In California, and was last heard of In
Sonora. Calaveras County, in f.'altfomla. -
about June-. 1S96. will apply tr> the muter* igne<1
he will hear of something to his a«1vintag-'> ~
WELLS & HIND. Solicitors, Nottingham'
England. «•-, * .
WANTED — Wife. 28 years old. tt. live In rr.Inin--
camp. Address P. O. box 399. Manvel. San
. Bernardino County, Cal.
LEDERER-S Foamo SHAMPOO*" 5e rki^aTJ"!
do without It; bairdresaing. 2."k;. 123 * Stockton-.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel "South"??"
made to order; renovated: honest work «ua«-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: urho'i-
. stored furniture cleaning a specialtv: fin^ vp-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 320 11 th. \LTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER v 30, 1900.
: . , . OCEAN V STEAMERS.
NEW, YORK— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Friesland,
fron Antwerp; atinr.Spaajndani, from'Rotter
dam and Boulogne. ¦¦'•-.- r . ; ,
- ST,JQHN'S— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Graecian,
from •Liverpool.'-"."- - • ' . ;
:- COPENHAGEN— Arrived Oct 29 — Stmr Norge
from New York, ¦ for. Chriatlanla and Christian
aend. " -." ' - v - ' •¦ •'•--¦•- . i . t --. -._ ¦ „¦ - '
•'• BOSTON— Arrived Oct 25-^Stmr Columbia, fm
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Lady ¦ Mary Paurin. who died in- London
the other day, • having nearly completed
her hundredth year, had during her whole
life an r. unvarying habit of eating, some
thing every two hours, says the Pittsburg
Dispatch.' ; She never 'in,' any; circum
stances departed from the- custom," and to
it ; she ascribed her good health and long
evity. JVhen traveling or. going -.-about
London she , carried a , little bag of sand
wiches.with her; and at the expiration of
every two. hours she: i"^uld open her bag
and eat one or two/ .L T i»to the end of her
life; the; mind of '.this , marvelous old", lady
seemed ¦ strong and : active, and - her • mem
ory, was remarkable. -
Ate Every Two Hours.
. Isast *' week , Lincoln r Lodge, Friends of
the Forest, had a" large "attendance in Its
new" quarters in the Shiels building. .There
was one initiation and l two j applications.
This lodge iwlll i have -' a house warming
party on the 8th of November. . ¦ ¦ .-
Friends of. the Forest.
¦ The Secret Service - has unearthed - another
band of counterfeiters and secured a large
quantity, of bogus bills, which are so cleverly
executed . that the average person would never
suspect ' them of being spurious. Thlntrs of
great value -are always selected for imitation,
notably Hosteler's Stomach Bitters. ¦ which has
many imitator* but no equals for disorders like
Indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, nervous
ness and general debility. Always go to relia
ble druggists who have the reputation of giv
ing what yon, ask for.
Stilt More Counterfeiting.
- The history of China shows • that the
military spirit is not an exotic in the
Flowery . Kingdom and the recent war
with Japan, followed oy the present diffi
culty" with the allies, - promises to revive
it with its ancient fervor. This may be
the regeneration of China, but what will
be- the result . upon • the future of tha
world? Given equal conditions otherwise
the numbers of the Chinese, with their
frugality and persistence, will give them
& great advantage over others. The losses
of the allies at Tientsin and the evidence
the Chinese gave of their, improvement in
the 'use of arms is of ominous signifi
cance.—Army and ; Naw; Journal.
Teaching China Warfare.
Bishop George "W. Clinton of Charlotte.
North Carolina, will deliver hl3 popular
lecture on "The Negro Problem in Amer
ica" this evening at the Starr King A.
M. E. Zlon Church,. 805 Stockton street
The public is Invited. ¦ '
Bishop Clinton to Lecture.
Fraternal Hive, the youngest of the local
subordinates, has during the -past two
weeks been adding in a marked degree to
its membership. Last ¦ week this hive
gave a social ln*"the Maccabee Temple;
which was attended by a large number
of the members of the order. There was
a charming, committee that received the
guests and made them feel at home. The
committee of arrangements prepared an
evening's entertainment that was enjoyed
by all ot the many who attended. '
Ladles of the ; Maccabees.
Next Thursday 'night Past Supreme
Councilor Arnold will in Social Council in
itiate his son into the order, that being
the eighteenth anniversary of the young
man's birth. .
Organizers are successfully at work in
dffllerent sections of the State.
Order of Chosen Friends.
Mrs. Mary Gould, residing at 160 Clara
street, was treated at the Receiving Hos
pital yesterday by Dr. Putnam for a com
pound, fracture of . the right arm. The
injuries were Inflicted by a buggy in
which was seated R. M. Donnelly. Tho
accident occurred at Fifth and Qlara
streets, where the lady was crossinfr'the
street at the time the buggy knocked her
down. Officer McDowell placed "Donnelly
under alTest for battery.
Knocked Down by a .Buggy.
Terba Buena Lodge of the Knights of
Honor at its last held . meeting donated
$20 to the Galveston sufferers, received
three applications and appointed a com
mittee, of which George Wedekind is
chairman, to arrange for a smoker ;by
the lodge on a scale grander than ever
before. , This is to be given shortly after
election, - - '¦•"¦¦'-:.'
Knights of Honor.
The castle is working' under a dispensa
tion to admit members under a reduced
fee until the close of* the year. Candi
dates are. being initiated at every meet
ing. .
The entertainment that was given by
California Castle last week in Union
square Hall was .well attended by
the members and- their friends. There
was an excellent programme of- latest
dances, with musical and literary produc
tions between dances. The impression
created on the strangers was tfcat "the
castle is all right."
California Castle No. 1, Knights of the
Golden Eagle, at its meeting last week
conferred the second degree on ellgiblea.
The castle has appointed Thomas
Thoden. E.K. Hill. William R. Milly, A.
\V. Roberts, C. A. Landstrom, D. N.
•Hanna and "VViKiam M. Josephi the com
mittee on _o"o_ of-the order.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
Court Del Monte of the Ancient Order
of Foresters gave an entertainment last
week in Native Son3*'HaJl, when the fea
ture was the presentation of "Sunset," a
one-act play by Jerome K. Jerome. Dane-
Ing followed. There was a good attend
ance, which greatly enjoyed the perform
ance. This court has had initiations at
every meeting .during Uie past . four
months, and it is In good financial condi
tion. -. >:'-': r .
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Articles of incorporation of the San
Francisco Longshoremen's Protective As
sociation were' filed yesterday. The pur
poses of the corporation are "To bring
together all those engaged in the loading
and unloading of vessels in the port of
San Francisco In order that by a unity
of purpose they may obtain better wages
and hours for themselves and more com
forts for those w*ho are dependent upon
them. The directors are H. J. Jackson.
1326 Harrison street: H. H. Smith. 411
Fourth street: K. Bergmdahl, 256 Third
street; 'Alex Liebert, 231 Third street; C.
R. Goodrich, 265*5 Clara street: Jeremiah
Hurley. 529 .Mission street: Euward G.
O'Connor, 772 Folsom street: J. Shields;
221 Minna street: John Ashman. 772 Fol
som street; Frank Green. 629 Mission
street, and J. J. Ferris. 547 Howard street.
Longshoremen's Union.
Last Wednesday night Washington Cir
cle was visited by the supreme grand of
ficers and an instructive evening -was
epent, after, which a collation was served.
There was a large attendance of the
membership and* frienos of Washington
Circle of the Companions of the Forest at
tiie entertainment given last week in the
social hall of. the Shiels building. Thfc,
programme included a vocal solo by Wil
liam J. Trengove, recitation by* George J.
Monck, remarks by Pasfc Supreme Grand
Chief Companion John ""Falconer and a
comedietta. "To'Oblige Benson "in which
the characters were taken by William G.
Sass, Miss Dalsle E. Falconer, George W.
Paterson. Miss Mae Falconer and P. W.
Healy. This part of the programme, was
well rendered- and exceedingly well re
ceived. Then followed. a danc.e. In which
the personators.in the play mingled with
the audience, and all had a good time.
Companions of th-» Forest.
Last week James A. Garfield Corps,
Woman's Relief Corps, was offi
cially Inspected by Mrs. E. Shephard of
Oakland and found to be In a very credi
table condition as an organization for the
rendering of aid to the old veterans who
fougfit in the Civil "War. There were
present many members of the corps, and
among the visitors were Mrs. Dougherty
of Oakland, Mrs. Martin of Los Angeles
and Mrs. Jennie Goodwin, past president
of Meade Corps.
James A. Garfield, Corps.
There were many persons In the'lodge
room of California Council No. 1. Daugh
ters of Liberty, last % week to witness
the presentation of a sketch entitled, "In
Want of a Servant." It was well received
and those who took part were loudly ap
plauded for their efforts, to entertain and
please. Those who were the players were:*
C. T. Quirey, Miss Laura Cantus, Miss
Nettle McCullough, Miss Daisy T.
Schmidt, Mrs. Jennie Adams, Miss Alice
.Lohmeyer and Walter Potter. After the
performance there was dancing.
Daughters of Liberty.
Celebration at Santa Rosa.
"The Historic Christ of the Pauline
Epistles" was the subject of a learned
paper read before the Methodist Episcopal
Ministers* Union yesterday by Professor
Lloyd of the Pacific Theological Semin
ary. Rev. Vf. M. Woodward reported
progress on the work of the Law and Or
der League, which Is now making a
strong fight against the gambling ordin
ance. j> ?
Rev. Sir. Bennett of the First Baptist
Church, Berkeley, read a highly Interest-
Ing paper before the Congregational min
isters on "The Use Literary Men Have
Made of ' the .Bible." The speaker Illus
trated his paper by quoting passages from
Tennyson, Shakespeare, Byron and. other
great authors of poetry and prose. The
following officers were elected to act dur
ing the ensuing* term: President. Rev.
Raymon C. Brooks; vice president. Rev.
Henry Mowbry: secretary. Rev. "W. B.
Kldd; treasurer, Rev. B. F. Sargent Rev.
W". C. Pond. D. D., was selected to repre
sent the denomination in the Law and
Order League.
The Baptist Ministerial Union did not
hold a session yesterday, as the members
were busy preparing to leave for Santa
Rosa to attend the forty-eighth anniver
sary of the general Baptist convention of
California. The celebration will begin to
day and will conclude on November 4.
llev. Dr. Alexander read a paper before
the Presbyterian ministers.
MINISTERS DISCUSS
THEOIXDGICAIi TOPICS
Weekly Sessions Well Attended.
Baptists to Hold Anniversary
At the meeting of San Francisco Chap-'
ter of the American Guild on the 17th
lnst. the committee on entertainment re
ported that it had completed all arrange
ments for the entertainment and social
to be given In the Assembly Hall of the
Red Men's building on the night of the
26th inst. A good programme has been
prepared under the direction of Mrs.
Clara Bowman, Henry Hufschmldt, Mrs.
F. A. M. Wear. Mrs. Isabel M. Strong
and Mrs. Mary E. Waldo.' There is to be a
dance after iye programme.
The American Guild-
At a meeting of the entertainment com
mittee of the Past Chief Rangers' Asso
ciation of the Independent Order of For
esters last week -arrangements were
concluded for a series of monthly enter
tainments to be given In the name of the
order. The first of these will be given in
Golden Gate Hall on the night of the 10th
of November. There will be a vaudeville
programme of first-class talent, to be fol
lowed by dancing.
Court Yerba Buena will on the night of
the 5th of November give an entertain
ment to its members and' friends in its
lodgeroom in the Shiels building, and on
the night of the 3d of December will give
another on a grander scale.
Independent Foresters.
Grand Regent Spencer was In this city
last week and visited the local councils.
He will shortly go to Stockton to assist
Deputy Grand Regent Lelande to Institute
a council In that place with 100 members.
It is expected that before the close of the
year a council will be Instituted in Santa
Rosa, one in Marysville and another in
Alameda.
The local councils have been quietly add
ing to theJr membership during the past
three months, and It is expected that by
the time the next Grand Council meets
the aggregate of these will be 2000.
The sick benefit society will be In opera
tion in a few days.
The local councils are arranging for a
number, of winter socials.
Royal Arcanum.
A general committee of one from each
tribe has been organized to consider sev
eral matters of importance. One of these
is a Joint raising up of chiefs in public for
the next term. ¦
Onelda Council, Degree of Pocahontas,
which is still receiving palefaces at each
meeting, is arranging for a social to be
given at an early day.
Last week F. D. Brandon, G. S.; J.
S. Boyes, G. S. S.: P. L. Bliss. G. C. of R,,
and Henry A. Chase, P. G. S., paid a visit
to Samoset Tribe in Vallejo, where ¦ they
were cordially welcomed and entertained.
On Wednesday the same officials, with
M. L. TVheeler, D. D. G. S., in place of
the great keeper of records, paid a visit
to Oshonee Tribe. There was a very large
attendance of members and much inter
est was manifested in the remarks of the
visitors. • '¦:¦'. '
Last week "Altahmos Tribe gave a
smoker, at which Le3ter Ulfelder
was the sire. There were stories
and recitations by Messrs. Harris, Near,
J. Murphy, Wessfing, Lange, Apple, Pat
erson, E. P. Roche, TV. TV. Goggins.
Thomas Roche and M. Enemark; vocal
selections by Messrs. J. Byron and S. P.
Walsh; Instrumental music by Messrs.
Appleby, Sampson and F. Gray and short
talks by J. Boyes, G. S. S.; II. A. Chase,
P. G. S.. and Past Sachems C. Karghln.
T. Roche and L. Enemark and J. H.
HutafE. X>. D. G. S., Thi3 tribe will shortly
reorganize its team to confer the hay
makers' degree.
Yosemite Tribe initiated three palefaces
last week. This tribe, as well as Monte
zuma Tribe." will .give a smoker on the
night of the 30th lnst.
Montezuma Tribe last week gave a high
jinks that was attended by .many, who en
joi'ed a well-arranged programme and
feat*, of good things.
Ramona Council of the Degree of Poca
hontas, organized by TV. J. Reid, chief
ranger of Awashte Tribe, last week. An
other council of the order was instituted
at Crockett last night.
Sotoyome Tribe admitted five palefaces
last week and conferred the chief's degree,
on three candidates.
On the occasion of the anniversary cele
bration of- the institution of Yosemite
Tribe the committee of . arrangements, of
•which George H. Stein Is chairman, will
serve a Spanish feast. Dr. J. J. Keefe
will have charge of the guests and Charles
Cranz will be the sire of the evening. Pro
fessional talent has been engaged to en
tertain the guests.
Improved Order of Bed Men.
H Loft. Tacoma : ':293s 1
A H Grosser, Tacoma
F E Swanson, Nebr
C E Harris. Seattle
W H Smith. Seattle
J Brown & w. Seattle
W A Del£>, Boston
L C Handler, Stockton
Capt Nelson, Colusa
J McEnerny, Vallejo
J Dennis, Mill Valley
S C Cummlngs. Cal
Mrs TV J James, Napa
F Xorton, Xapa
B C Williamson. Portld
J L C Lowrey. Cal
L Pozzie, Petaluma
J Pozzle. Petaluma
A TV Ashby, S Rosa
PALACE HOTEL.
H J Reding &. w. Chic
H G Bond, Santa Clara
H H KnapD, Xapa '
A F Jones, Oroville
K B Clark- & w. N Y
Helen Clark. N Y
A D Levy. N" Y
F Leonard. Nav
C TV Rogers, Chicaffa
TV J Cresswell & w,
New Zealand -
J Watson. N Zealand
F D Woodruff, N Zeald
O W Helm, Oakland
J Larkln. - PrIo Alto
R Knight, Wash
TV J Staling, Wash
T C Rogers, Wash
A M Ambler Wash •
H B Boyce, Wash
H TV Child. Mont
T B Miller, Mont
J Barrett, Or
TV G Kirckhoft & w.Cal
M O Qulnn. Mich
D C Vann. N Y
A F Drake. Ariz
H S Goodfellow, China
Miss Dell, Victoria
W C Kepp & w, Spok
F Leach. Los Angeles
J Maler & w, Los Ang
Miss H Brode, L.Ang
J B Walker. N Y
T B Marshall, N T
H G Wilshire, L Ang
H T Gage, L Angeles
J W Oliver. N Y
J McNeil. S Cms
DrJ J Hasan, Vallejo
F K Perkins. USA
R Graver. Cal
H B Wood & w, S Jot,e
J O Hay t h. San Jose
C Hlckmott, Hay wards
L Cassier & w. N Y
G H Clarke, Nebr
C H Jacobs & w. Mich
Mrs J R Ha*an, ValleJ
Miss M Hagan. Vallejo
G Fort, Omaha
D M Lewis, NY
J W Lynch, N Y
It B BeaJs, . Boston
J A Jacbson. Mexico
W G Henshaw, Oaklna
TV E Graves, Eactp
C Welnberg & w, N Y
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs Pullen. Cal.
T J Wilson & w. Cal
F N Gr*ham. Denver
E C Hart. Sacto
J S Jacobs. Sacto
C A Renovard & w.
New York
W J Showier. Facto
H H Hunter. San Jose
G A Knlgrht. Oakland
J K Trench. Humboldt
W E Connors, Whittler
R Smith. Petaluma !
I Knutsen & w. S Itsa
F A Corbusler, StanM
TV* H Talnert, Stanford
F Kane, Cal
J S Rowan. Crockett
A H Shebitz, L Angr
J X Brunton, !.¦ Ang
L. E Aubery. L. Ang
E S Morgan. Portland
O M Thumler & w. Ill
O W Maulsby. S Barb
H B Abbott. Louisiana
L F Willew&w.Arcata
E C Weinrich. Sacto
Mrs F H' Bangs, S Jose
J O Hill, Dixon
W H Hlle. TVeavervllle
F F Plase. Vlsalla
F J Smith. Aurrtola
T James. Auburn
G Forrest &. w. N T
G Dean. Sonora
J Cassidy. Sacto
A Cassldj-. Sacto
L," E Prior. X. Angeles
t> - Burkhalter. Bkrsfld
W S Hlekman, George
town
D D Ollphant. Or
, Mrs A C Klngsbury.
Cal
'Mrs P Curtz. Cal .
C O Forster, I> C
J D Frederick, D C
J L Grant. D C
H W Combs, Modesto
P M Ramsdell. Chgt>
L H Palmer. Mo
Mrs H B Lathroj). Cal
J J Feuee, New York
M W Lowell, Sacto
A E Grace, Sydney
E S Ely. Peoria
T E Fleming-. Colo
iJ - A Davis Sc w. Ky
Li Dupont Byle, Berkly
'Mrs Dupont Syle, Berk
J F Conway, Vallejo
J H French. Humboldt
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
HOTEL iLRRIVALS.
• ? —
The Rev. Peter C. Torke delivered a
sermon in St. Peter's Catholic Church last
evening on the subject of "Immortality."
He made a strong and effective grouping
of the facts which have led thinking men
in* ancient" and modern times to have faith
In a future existence" for mankind. A
large audience listened attentively to the
able discourse. Many of the speaker's il
lustrations were plain, nut none the less
striking.
Father Torke Instanced coal In th.e
grates of the locomotive as an Instance of
the example of the diffusion of energy.
That energy had been stored up for many
years. Converted , by heat it produced
steam in the boilers, and the energy con
tinued its influence indefinitely. The rip
ples caused by casting a stone into the
water were also instanced. Whatever en
ergy was created never ceased, he "said.
Although it might not be detected by the
most exact and sensitive instruments, it
continued to be exerted. • •
It was not reasonable, therefore, to sup
pose, said Father Torke, 'that the force
within man. which caused such - ¦wonder
ful works, could ever be destroyed. They
were the outcome of energy that never
failed. All the works of God " proceeded
according t6 law. If it was true that the
forces of human nature were never de
stroyed, surely it was true that the more
powerful spiritual energy would not fall.
Mankind had. two great instincts— the de
sire to preserve the race and the desire of
preservation of the individual. So strong,
¦was the desire of preservation of the in
dividual , Implanted In the human mind
that suicide was commonly attributed to
mental derangement The desire to pre
serve the Individual, had undoubtedly been
placed In man for some good purpose.
What was life or existence if there was no
real pleasure in being?
The 'period of earthly existence was
brief, the speaker said. Man desired hap
piness. Poets said that no I matter what
the man had " in the world, he was not
contented. There was always a fly in the
ointment; always something lacking. If
God had given men the desire for happi
ness, and there was no real, lasting hap
piness ' in the present existence, there
must be some other place where happiness
would last.
Men had wrath against wrong. The
souls of men objected to 'Injustice. Men
passed from on© sorrow to another In life.
In eternity God's justice would shine
forth.- In conclusion. Father Torke urged
his hearers to live righteously and well.
Large ? 'Audience in St
Peter's Listens to His
Address.
FATHER YORKE
ON IMMORTALITY
- The field, staff and non-commissioned staff
officers and band will report for inspection and
muater with the companies nearest their re
spective stations.
Troop A, cavalry and Signal Corps will re
port for inspection and muster In their armo
ries at Pan Francisco on Wednesday. Novem
ber 7, and Thursday, November 8. 1300. re
spectively. -• *"
Company D, Baa Rafael, Thursday, November
22. 1800.
Company C, Petalurna. Friday, November IS.
1300.
Company E. Santa Rosa, Tuesday, iNovemb«r
27. 1S00. % ' .
Company H, Napa, "Wednesday, November 23,
1900.
Company I, 'Llvermore, Friday, November 30,
19CO.
The companies of the Fifth Infantry Regi
ment will report, for Inspection and master In
their respective armories as follows. tIz. :
Companies A and F, Oakland, Monday, No
vember 19, 1500.
Company O, Alameda, Tuesday, November
20. 1900.
Company B» San Jose, 'Wednesday^ Novem
ber 21, 1300. • •
Band, at 3 p. rn., at Page and Gough streets,
Friday. November IS. 1900.
Albert M. Boyne. recently chosen first
lleut«nant and inspector of rifle practice.
Fifth Infantry Regiment, has success
fully passed the examining board of the
Second Brigade.
The issuance of a commission to Cap
tain Wall of the First Infantry Is still In
abeyance, and it is said that the matter is
now in the hands of the commander in
chief. Mr. "Wall has been twice elected
in his company, once as first lieutenant
and subsequently as • captain; but for
some unexplained reason neither com
mission has been issued to him. He has
passed the examining board In each case,
has. been, found to be fully qualified and
the members of his company have for sev
eral months been wondering ¦why. he can
not obtain his commission. It has been
suggested that in view of the fact that
he has been elected captain and that
more than* sufficient time has elapsed to
either grant or deny him his commission
at the election for colonel of the resl
ment he present himself and offer- to vote"
on the ground that he Is the legally elect
ed .commander of his company and that
in the event of his right to vota being
questioned he file a protest as to the le
gality of the election. It Is thought that
in that way his standing in the company
and regiment will be fully determined. .
The following orders have been issued
for the inspection of the several organ
izations of the Second Brigade:
The First Infantry Regiment will report for
Inspection and muster in their armories at San
Francisco, as follows, viz.:
The ¦ field, staff, non-commissioned staff offi
cers, at Pase and Gough streets. Monday. No
vember 12. 1900.
Companies A, B. D, E. at Pare and Gouffh
streets. Monday, November 12, 1300. -
Companies H, I. L, M. at Pase and Gooyh
streets. Tuesday. November 13. 1900.
Companies C. G. F, K. 815 Ellis street.
"Wednesday. November 14. 1900.
Cadet Comuany. at 4 p. m.. BoyV HI«rh
School, Sutter street, Thursday, November 15,
1900.
The Important topic In the First In
fantry Regiment of the National Guard
at this time Is the election which is to
be held for colonel of the reeTiraent to
night at the Page-street armory. A3 the
matter stands at this time Lieutenant
Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil has twenty of
the thirty-six possible votes pledged to
him, he having gained one since tha cau
cus held a few weeks ago. If all are
present to vote on the night. of election
his promotion is assured. His elevation
would create a vacancy in the office of
lieutenant colonel, which' would have to be
filled by election, and it is probable that if
O'Xeil is promoted Major Thomas Mc-
Creagh will be advanced. That will
create a vacancy in the position of major.
For that position there are two candidates
spoken of— Captain W. R. Robertson of
Company F and Captain T. J. Cunning
ham of Company 1C
At the election held in Company G last
week Lieutenant W. N. Sweasey was
elected captain, Walter S. Grattan first
and P. J. Neumann second lieutenant.
Election for Colonel Agitates
the First Infantry
Regiment.
INSPECTIONS FOR
SECOND BRIGADE
13
Fare, Ban Fraxtclt co to Summit r'vi p.etura.
$1:40.-- - ¦*.-. ¦ -:.':•- ¦¦'¦ . :. ¦. ¦ : -.,„.«- . -
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS !iOW OPEN.
Ticket offices, 621 Market at., Ea_aalito Ferry.
Leave* San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.. :..»:1» a. m.: 1:45 and 4:00 n. m.
SUNDAYS.. .. ....8:00.-10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p7 m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
1 •ftATT.'P/lATt TRAVEL.
¦ soi'TiiKR.N rAVtrto coariiT.
(P-CI'IO ¦TSTEM.)
Tral-a lam*- a»_a -r» «*u« «• -rrl »• ¦•
**n rwAM«:iw<'o.
(Main Use. Foot »t M»r*'» StreH.)
xjiatx — Tb.ou Octo-ks 1. 1X3. — Aftirrs
•1:OO_ BenlcU, Sntaon. Elmira. YaeaTQat
Kumi*T tad .twrimeatn ........ *Tt_fcV
•7_»»_ Bhut» -tpuss D»r_-Wl___ns(for
Battlet* Srrtcgi). WlUows, te<X
Ulufl. FortUad. *T:13f
*7>S0 a llarUuex, Saa lUanon. V_UeJo. B*pa>
C*;i«t< g.i _od .4»nt» Ro«* *«iiap
•StOOA -%Tia. Woodland. KnlghU L»o_l_».
M-rjSftll*. Orotille. *7H3»
•*!«•» Atlantic Kipress—Ocden and Ks** Mli«f
•8 iO« 4 _TQe«, Tnar. Lathrop, Stockton •9*1 Sa
•»iS»A8an Jos*. Ufermore. Htuekton,
Ion*. Baorarasato. PUaarrill?,
M«nr*Tllle. Chiou. Uad Hind M.Uf
*•¦>•» O_kd»:r. Chinese. 3ouor». C*rter»... *l:l.1r
•*:OO* Hajwaids. .Nilraaod Way »-.*tion«. # 1 1j»3*
•»iO« a Los Aocelw Express — Martlues.
Tr»«j, Lathrop. atoelrton, Mereed
Freauo sod Lcs Anpsies *7:1-1»
••>>•- Vslleiu. M*rtln-t «».i Way SUttona *3r<3.
•IO:D«< Th« O'erUnd Un.tlod— Osdsa. Dob-
*er. Omaha. Chleaco *«:43.
•UlMt Kilts, StooktOB, fifcoriamto. Men-
do ta. Fnaoo, Uaaford, TItaUa.
rortoTTlUa Mtia»
•X 1:#Oa liTermore. 8s-g9T. Goahao Jo_o>
tioo. Ba-cnCeid. Lo* Anaeles.....
•I *:••_ Hayw-nts. Nilea and Way cttatkms. *at.it»
ftiOOr baciainnuto Klrer dt«»mer* t3iO**
•3>00r Hsrwards. Nllt* and H .7 Stationa. Ms 13*
Miroup Maitluex. Hau IUiuom. Vallejo,
N*pv f»T!«t.K«. Sa.ita lib** *~llS-
MiOOr Benieia. Wisten. 8i«n»«nl»
Wocxlland. KuI.hU Ludiss.
Marrtrlila. Oro?lll« M«i4*4
MiBOpNIIas. Han Jose aud Stockton *7UJ»
•O:~"rThe Owl limited-Tracy, rrecao.
BakenSeld. Haogns for ~aat* Bar-
V bara, Los Angslea. *]a>i1«a.
•Si««p Rtflciton «_!_¦_.
•SiWr Se» Orlranf Express— llakrn<la!a,
b»uU i;»rb.r». Urn Ani-les, Dom-
ing. El Tuo, Ms* Orleans aad
East *7>*3k
•«!•«? Hay wards. HUtaud Haa Josa a 7a4«a
•»6:O«r Vailajo ¦ISilSy
•••O«r Oriental Mall— Og-Jen, Cbeyasna.
Oaabs, Chicago *iar4S>
**<«0f OrleoUl Mall— Ozden. Irtattr.
Omaha, Chicajo..... Mils?
»7i«0» Nile*, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... a l*il3r
•7«««r OwfHi and CalKuraia K<|.iw.<m-
r-»ient<>. MarjKlUa. &a>TJIu(.
.. . _P?" I -»« I . «•'¦*»• »«••«•<• -»«l K»a» ••HIS.
JSiM* TallrK P«t Cc»ta and Wsj ota-
tlotis.. (11>—t
COAST DITftlOa (iw Uaact).
¦ (roototM»rkat3tr»et.>
*ail3ANewark.Cantan!lla.8a-JoM,Fa!to-,
BoulderCrrek.Saata Orns and Way
SU-ous „ *«i9«*
\**l 3r New»rk Centervllla. ha.i Jos*. Ns.
AhnaJeo. Faltoo. Koulder Creak.
BuU Uiu aad l'ltacipal Way
Stitlou.*. tt«>*«4
«_iI-"If JTe»ir«, H»n .Tot-, _o» Gatoa "Si.!**
al Iii3? Hunveri' Exeazxlo~, San Jom aad
WsrSUtlons |7ifT
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rcmSlH MtlCISCa— f..t ..' lUtkat SUM. tSlitt)-.
•7:18 9:00 11:004. _. tl:C3 '3:33 »:i
•1:03 t5:C3 '1:53 f.a.
• rrtmOlIUII— PiittrSrni-ij.— *e.-CO 8:M 19:00*. a.
tU.li «1:C3 t3:C3 «3:C3 t«-03 •}.-03f.M.
COiVr NfBUM (Rroa<l«aa|«|.
(Thlnl »» «* TownaanJ Sta.)
J Mil«A Ocean View, Sooth Han Frao-aoo., KiMy
¦7i»O* Ran Jom and *7sy SUtlous (Nctr
Alinadsr VTedaMdaysouly) *lil»f
••¦••4 Raa Joaa. Trea Pliiaa. Hanta Cm.
Faciiio «ro<a. I'»ao Itublaa. 8aa
I.ul» Obiapo. Sn>r. Loiupoc aud
rrlnclpal Way Huili.iu Mil •?
•I«t4»« 8aa Jos« sod Wty 8Uti_us. 'lilli
•I 1:30* Hau Jois and \T»-8utlous ........ •3i3«r
t»:43r Ban Mateo. Kedwood. Mealo Park.
Falo Alto. HaaU Clara. San Jaaa,
Trea Pino*. 8_nt» <Jrux. "-MnTia.
Uontacey and PaalBe GroTa...... t>*i»"t
tl|-*p»a& Jose and Wsy Skatious n>llr
f4:I3r San Joietnd Principal Wt; .Sutlers •9:134
(.liODf^iu Jose, Los Qktos and Prindpal
Way Buttons t»i««*
M:3l)r San Joae >ni Prloeipal Way StaMoas *Si~»a
•¦:.-|Or San Jc«a ana Way .Station ••>••*
_ll:-5rjan Josoau.1 Way fltalioaa *7:»*>
A for Mominf. P for AfUroooa. ~
*Dally. _ f dniiitay stMpted. 1 daud»y oalj.
o_Aiar<la_ ___r.
CALIP08XIA N0RTHWE5TE1S H. CO. 1
LESSE3
SAN FRANCISCO AND. NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.MPA.HY.
Utaron Ferry, Foot of iMarfcet Sfc
SAN FRANCI8CO TO SAM ftATAEI*
WEEK DATS— T:SO. »:©«. U:00 a. m.; 11:SS.
t:JO 5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra txlp
at 11:30 -o. m. Saturdays— Extra trtja at 1:60
¦ and lliJO d. ra.
_V>DAY_-S:<!0. 9:30, U:C0 a. m.: 1:30, 1^3.
' SAX RAPAEl.' TO SAN FRANCJISCa.
TTEEK DATS- «:10. 7^0. »:». U:10 a. m.; _»:«.
8:40. B:15 p. m. Saturday-— Extr- trtpa at
1^ and «:S5 n. m. . .
BUNDAT8-.:W. 9:40. U39 a. m.: l:». t:4^
1:05. •:« 9. in. ___.
Between San Francisco and Bchnetzan Par*
sam« sciiednia as abov.
Lear* I In EiTact. I ArriT»
Ean rtanelaoo. [Apr. 15. -XX). [ Ban Tranolsoa.
Week I 6un- j I Ban. I We«k
Days. | days. | Destination.] flays. | Days.
740 am IrPOsm! No-rata. 1»:*» ami lr*> am
1:30 pm »:3»am| Petaluma. 8:M pm 10-.B aa
¦ 1:13 pm 6:00 pm! Santa Rosa. 7:S3 pm| 6:» pm
Fulton. I
T:3« am Wlndnr. 10:38 s_a
Haaldsbunr-
Lytton.
-. v ¦ ' Oey servllla.
|:Sarp-> 8:C0ain aoTerdala. 7 J» pm «:»pa
7-SQ ami I Hopland I 110:25 aa
t:SO pm| »:W ami and Uklah. | 7 JS pml *V> pa
T:30ara W.2S axa
1.-C0 am Oatr-erHl*. ":35 pm
t:» pa ; 9Myta.
7:J0 arr. t:CO am Sonoma »:13 am l:« am
• . and
1:19 pm 5:WJ pm Glen Ellen. <^S pea •:*> twa
T:JO anil 8.-W am! |10:« mb!10:» am
»:S0 pml 5:C0 pml Sebaatopot. | T:M pa| <:M po.
Staves connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark Waart
Springs and Wnlte Bulphur Spring-: at Fulton
; for Altruria: at Lrtton .for Lytton Eprtnrs; at
Geyserrtlle for Sk«_s Sprln_s^ at CloTtrdaJa
for tha Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlnss. Htefiland Sprlnirs. Kelseyrtlto, Carls-
' bad Springs. Soda Bay, __Ukeport and BartlaCt
1 Bprln«s; at IHciah for Vichy Sprtn_s, 8arato»»
i Sprlnr*. Blue Lakes. Laurel D«U Lako. Wlttaf
Bprlnrs. Uppfr Lalce. Poroo, Po««r Taller.
John Day's, Rlreryde. LleTley*a. Buck-air*.
Sanhedrln Hel»hts. HulrrUla, Orr*s Ho*
Bprlnrs. Mendodno City. Fort Bra**. "Wast*
port Csal. Wllltta. Layton-lll«. Cunsmln-,
BelPs " eprlnss, HarrtJ,' Olaen'a, E>rwr, BcoU*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Mondar round trio tlakrts •_.
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all potnt*
terond San Rafael at half rates. _
Ticket efnee-. C30 Market «t. Chron!cl» b'-ltv
_L C. WHITi.\G. R. X RTAN.
General Maaasexv Pen. Pasa. Axant.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
¦ Coznmenclcz September W. 19CQi
FROM SAX i- KAN CISCO TO MILL VJJ__SX
AND SAN RATAEL.
•¦* WEEK DATS-* :55. f.li, U:» a. nv, Ittt
«:15. 4:00. 5_5, M:15. •:*) p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill VaHsT *-4 Baa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays ana Satur-
days at »:C0 and 11:33 p. m. __
SUNDAYS-"?:*). n0:00.. tlM a. a__ ncta>
1:13. *4:4S. <:S0. 1:00 p. rn.
Trains marked (•) run to Baa Qosatta.
FROM 9AN RAFAEL TO 3AN FTtANCXSOCX
WEEK DATS-(:S. •*:«•. 7:48. l:S0 a. BL.
•12:30. i:45. •3:33, 4:«>. I:J0 p. m. ' -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wa__e*±ar»
and Saturdays at (:4S and 10:10 p. n.
SUNDAYS— «:». •»:<». •10:00. *U:4S a. ¦_.
•1:40. *»:15. 4:45. •«:» p. ra.
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Q-«ntr_.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:4J. 1:45, 7.W. »:20 a. nv.
1J:33. M0. 3:30. 4:S4. J:M P. m. w ________
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Weiasaday*
and Saturdays at 7:19 and 10:X> p. m.
SUNDAYS-<:0S. 10:05 a. m., 13:t». 1:13, MS.
S:C«. 8:45 p. m.
THROrOH TRAINS
«:I5 a. m. week days— Caxadtro aad war ita-
tlon*. ¦
" 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way vt_>
tlons.
1:0* a- xa. Sundara— Tomales aad way st_-
thi-* « ¦
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy
Leave Markst-«trt«t Fairy Depot
¦:S_?;~Eilis ;|ts
I Essu- sk \&is
— Denver ..:-...— 10:00 a m
•• Kansas Ctty.~ »:_j P ni
.** Chlcaco - 7:«am |
I a. m. train Is th« OrerUnd Brprwa. Orr-.
m?T. •b'SSS-? L^"
tra'n arrives 11:05 a. m. dally. _^ ______
8-00 pVm. Is Fresno and BaKersfleld Exprvsa.
with Eleeplnr; Can for both cltle^ Corre-pc_a-,
MSrkSt^^d^Ferrj Depot,
F," Fraiv-ixgo: »» Broadwar. Oaklan,. _
f Gibbon's Dispensary,
3<\f*h$n fiS** KC.l_.\l %t Kat_or__«l
fSFirt In »S34 lor the tr«sa.unantot Prlrate
I-t lV^jSSa Diae-.es. Lcet Maobood. DebiUty or
Hra__f_K__ disease "^»xing on bodyand mind and
vmfJr-V^l ~-'^ n &*****• i'hf doctorcnrwwbea
• a___BM__S_l oUMrsxalL Try htm. Charg •* low.
Sv_S3pssh3*^>*r«srasir»nte«1. CsJlorwrtt*,
l>r.j,l.t>iBBU.\, Box 1937. Saa i'r_aa»c_.
PERSOXALS.
SPECIAL e_le .switche*; Monday and Tuesday.
caly. S3 switches for 12; the latest hair styles
only :6c. <J. LEDKUKIt. 123 Stockton St. .
MME. ADA. wonderful sifted healer. 1104 Mar-'
krt, r. 3, 4. cures .spinal trouble, .rheumatism,
blindness, parafo-sls and til nervous diseases.
ELECTRIC lights la every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Tttrd St., ts«?a.r Market: 700 rooms;
:i_ to tlSO p-r night; tl So to $6 per week:
tree 'bus ar.d baggage to and from the ferry.
HYGENIC medicine; acute and chronic in-
valids cured and taueht how to keep welL
DR. 3. HERBERT REEVE. -16*. Kearny st.
<t"ITS to order onJ-i-tallments; 113 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market tt.. be-
tween FeTentb and "Eighth.
rr.IVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
;. ears' experience. J. B. RAY. S57 Jessie st.
!.KD_RER"8 Qulntocica hair tonic at Lion
L-rug Cq.. Market ar.J Stockton. Sic bot.
HUT your coal of LANGE & GOFF. successors
xo W. H. Wlaer-an. 1711 Sacto. ; tel.Satter 2776.
j:LJi;CTROLTSlS destroys superfluous hair
:r.jlfg; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 cutter.
to orfier frcm {15 up on easy payments.
The RlchfMeu. 700 Market st.. near Geary.
SV1TS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ir-g Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OUD fold, silver, diamond* and precious stones
bo-ght- J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
HAIR cuickiy curled or wived by using Tal-
coit's curling fluid; "5c a bottle; druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to it« natural color; Jl:at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
««*i:d portal. COLEMAVS. 506 Kearay st.
rilY.IClAAS AMI SUllGEONS.
ErTc. C~O 7 DONl^LL^^RcT^inTl*e7?en'ce!
1C?1'-* Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A VERT .fslnLb 1 .* corner In Richmond; euit-
a,r'.e for business or for church s>>clety; couth-
east corner of Clement ft. and Eleventh ave. ;
fronting 100 feet en " eunny side of Eleventh
«rre. by 4-0 fe*t on Clement St.; all Mreet work "
done; cars pass every few minutes; price
rriueed to fl"X'; It Is Jot the spot to establish
a mission church society, as there are bun- .
<lred? of families living In the immediate [
\-ic:-tty. W. J. GCNN. f.30 California et.,
between Montgomery and Kearny.
THE creara cf Richmond lc>t*; two of the
choicest lets in all of Richmond to be sold
'.niniediateiy: eubrr.it your offer; what are
they worth to you? net much money needed,
as I can make all arrangements; wea side
cf Sixth ave., between Clerner.t et. an^Point
Loboe ave.: 11x120 feet each; cars pass in
front: all street wcrlc iozie: those looking for
a rice heme. easy of access, en easy term*
and at their own price will cull at once; this
is a rare orportcnity. Wi J. Ol'NN. £30 Cali-
fornia Bt.. bet. Montgomery and Kearny.
CHOIt?E lot In Richmond on the elevated
ETO_nd: west side of tOth ave.. close to Cle-
ment: 2Txl20: a pretty home en each side of
it; CXI Srnt pavrrient. $49 quarterly pavments
to salt. W. J. GCNN. £30 California et.
II" you have well-located property In the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots nr nice residence-, and
vou really want t-> sell, then ca!l on the under-
fipr.ed. W. J. GUNX, 530 California et.
HAVE ytru property in thp Pntrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Thea
call en W. J. GUXN. :$} California Bt.
MAKE oTer— Lot _=x*n : 49 Juniper «t.. eff Fol- (
*orr l. bet. Tenth and Eleventh. Address bci
SSC-2. C_Tl office.
MODERN house? built: lowest prices: plan* and
KV.ma'.rs f-rr.'.rhed. Camr^ll. 1147 Mission, j
HEAL ESTATE COL.VTJt. For Sale
tl*.Z<X>— SACRIFICE: Income fruit ranch near
Haywar<!s: fine lmjrts-; offer wanted. Lay-
rnance Real Estate Co., 460 Sth ft. Oakland.
FOR sale cr lea«« — 4^ acres near San Mateo;
good eoll: perfectly level. Ml Church «..
r.far Market, oall after 6 p. m.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
A FMAI*, farm, near town; no agents. Box
3*?€. Call offlce.
. IIL.U,. *•-__ Ail; Id K\-llA.Nlifc_
FOP. EXCHANGE— $7000: a corner lot in Pan
IMeco with l6-room two-story hard finished
building, suitable- for two stores and dwell-
Ir.^; also l._k»- house. l>x3S-. bake oven 9x11 J
an_ four corcfornMe cottages; send for
rhotc.; wj;i ext-fcange for oil "- land in K«ra
at Fresno eoumi**: will allow full commis-
sion to it«-.t comrlfttng -atisfactory «-
cha__e. Addr.se box _M2. Call office, Oak-
lend. Cal. ¦_
M. ortlFFIN. 715 Market sL. room I— Hundreds
of farm* and city rrorx-rty for exchange or
*a->. Pull rarttc-larf. .call at my office.
NEW ootuure. < nrr.a.. t*th; 1M. SOxlOCr: Mission;
r— ntKt ..tr-rmn: and vacant late. 413 Keamy «J.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
I_^0— AUCTION price; finest 'mc<V-n 6-room
cottage In Alazr.eda: perfect plui:-»'ing; line
location: 2 blacks from etation & h.^h school;
fair terras. A. G. Bums. 1SC1 Park. Alameda-
" EXCHANGE.
K1NE coal yard for rent; suitable for milk
dtpot or express or .tables. Apply 2101 Cen-
tral ave-.. Alamefia. ' • *
. HOLSES TO LET— Fl'HMSHED.
LOWER part xif "house, elegantly furnished:
b**r location. Sl^l Central «vf., Alameda.
¦BERKELEY- ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELEV HEAL ESTATE*
THERE'? MONET. INR '
Only JIVX); a fine y-i^rf t>f property, fronting
on S ftrtets :„ size 12f_rT0; Jtart one block from
new er-hnol house 'site and just the place' to
raise poultry.
MASON & McLENATHEN.
A-Ijolr.irc P. P.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
LFFiCE— III8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Sir© CAFTI, *6 SO monthly; cew 3-rooin cottage-
7-foot bawnwrt: fine large let; 2C6 feet deen-
r>rie», ell tcH. SG0. ¦;.%•,'
$7 a cash. S4 is monthly; H acre excellent
lan-1 for JIT*.
J1S «u=h. 16 z» monthly; H acre Al land; J233.
fJi s cash. JS monthly; \ acre euperb land
for f350.
S_j cafch. Ill monthly; 1 acre (more can be i
had) for H75. ¦ ; .
Frultvale. adjoining East Oakland; climate.
¦oil and view the very b*st; away from fogs
and raw wlndc; near electric car line and wtd»"
toulevard. Call cr send for circular. 455 Seventh
et.. Oakland; carnage free.
- H. Z. JONES, owner.
FOR eale Sn Oakland— Ninw-room modem house
built for home by day* work; lot 60x121; S
block* from local etation; best residence neigh-
borhood: for eale to close «*tate at *473>; le»
than bouse coet. HEEON & HOLCOMU. 10C9
Broadway. ' .
OAKLAXD HOLSES TO LET. T
GOOD boueern. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN A. CO.. I0OS Droadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRXiTL'RB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to ytra from H. ScheRhaac. the
rcmltur* dealer. 11th and Fra-klln.jO_k!and.
OAKLAXD OFFICES TO LET. t
FOR RENT— ExeepUonally well "located ground
floor wivate offices for rent. Apply, at 470
Tbirteenth «_. between Bro«dway and W&sn-
lnyton. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPISO.
CLEMENTINA. 281. off Fourth et.— Complete
rtousckerflnff roens; private. .' ~
KDDT, $SS— Second Door of * nicely furnlihed
rocms: newly papered: no -children; splendid
location; private residence. -
FIFTH. SS3— a furnishe, rioutekeeplng,- connect-
lcg. tli; a)«o I. 112; also hall roome. .» to fi.
GOLDEN GATE *ve., e22— Apartments, fur-
niched, 3 rooms; yard and* laundry; 120.
HARRISON. 7J1— a rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping: large yard* rent 111; first
floor. ..-
HOWARD. COf— Large front bay-window room
and kitchen, complete for housekeeping; flue;
cheap. .
tfOWARD. 111S— J nice housekeeping rooms,
furnished. t*» also 1 hougekeeplnr roctn, 55.
HYDE, 4CS— Eunny front alcove eulte. complete
for hou-ekfc<Tlcg. CO; also other ralte, 117.
IVY ave.. 234. near Franklin— J furnished
Bunny front rooms for housekeeping; rent Jlj.
LINDEN ave.. Ji«, near Gourh— Nice large
room for housekeeping; 1 or J people; also
b«!ro5n_ ' - -
SOUTH PARK. W4— Three eunny front rooms
cicely furalyhed: convenient for hba«ekeeplnic.
V.'EBETER. ITC—rurnlshed rooms saltable for
feoutekeepl&c. or elnsle. ¦
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Va.ta.rn.
A-BRCXSWICK House. 1« Sixth-Room* 25c
to n per night; |1 85 to IS per week, and light
ho-sekeeping; open all- night. ¦ • -
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms, suites, single; also unfurnished:
BUSH. 63) (The Elk)-Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely turn, sunny rms., fl SO to }7
week; SSc to II SO night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
BUSH, 627— Nicely furnished sunny room to let. '
CHESTNUT. 583. cor. Dupont— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping to let; cheap."
CLIFFORD. 2M Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM. 965. ccr. 6th (The Ollvtr)-New fur-
nished sunny rms.. single or suites; reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
.rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN", southeast corner Seventh
and Mission str.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LAKKIN. S19H — Large sunny room, suitable for
2 gentlemen; gas and bath; -easonable. *
LAS PALMAS, 1E0 Market St.— Suite of. 2 or 3
rme. ; private-; bath; sin. rms.; board. optional.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— New fnrnished
lay-window room. $1 per -week; transient. .
MISSION. £2. 1 block trom Call— Fine double
rocms; permanent aad transient. ". "¦<¦:¦¦'
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnlfhed rooms. JS a week up: X5c a. day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms- and
offices; elevator;* electric lights; day, wk., mo,
C'FARRELL, 742— Nicely furnished sunny, par-. 1
lor suite: light housekeeping: also other rn».l
POLK ft»3. corner Sutter— Two unfurnished
sonny rooms, {5 each.
: — t • «
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 EHis St.— Rooms,
night !„ to %l. week 1125 to M; open night.
ROYAL House. 1*6 Ellis St.— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nrght, 3Dc to $1 50; week. J2 to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 1C&— Suite of furnished rooms, eultable
for business; also email room.
SUTTER. 57S— Sunny furnished rooms for first-
class physician, dentist or other business.
SUTTER, 717. near Taylor— Sunny, choice, rea-
sonable; please investigate; bath.
TURK, 12S— 1 furnished room, with closet and
running water; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
TURK. 12034— Unfurnished front suite.
Jl WEEK: large cunny fUrnlshed room; closet;
bath; rrivate. £34 Folsom et.; call by 8 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Y-Irncla Et
ROOMS AND HOARD.
MCALLISTER, 110H— Room and board; gas and
bath; IIS; private family. •
POARD and rooms at 415 First St.. near Har-
rlscn.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. 1604 California St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
It paces. In wrapper, for mailing. » F?r year.
BOOMS WA\TE1).
YOUNG man want* a room with private fam-
ily; state price. Box 2TCS, Call offlce.
SPECIAL, XOTICE3. .
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are th<» best; safe, "reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Indies" In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
KOOMS papered from $2 B0: whitened $1 up;
painting don?. Hartman Paint Co.. S13 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
ctty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5SS0.
SEWING HACHISBS AND SCPPL1ES.
SEWING machines repaired • at your home;
drop card to I_ J. OWEN, S6< Folsom st.
ALL kind? bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plamfceo.k. 1915 Migslr-n. nr. 15th.
STOUAGE A.VD WAREHOUSES.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. "2! Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 762.
PACIFIC" Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FiUmore St.; phone Jackson tSL
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second hand; large
display; very cheap. E27 Market, room 220.
TYPEWRITERS A.VD SUPPLIES.
GREAtTbARGAINsTIn" T YPEWRITERi^We
cell better machines lor less money than any
house In the<rity; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E36 California; telephone Main 26_
ALWAYS in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & it. ALEXANDER,
j no Montgomery st.
• DIVIDEXD AOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice — Dividend No. 110 (fifty
cents per share) of the _ Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
cempany, 327 Market et., on and after Thurs-
day, November I. 1900. Transfer books close
Friday. October 16, 1300, at 3 o'clock p. m.
. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for stone wall— General ' depot.
Quartermaster's Department, 36 New Mont-
gomery st.. Pan Francisco. Ocfbber 1. 1900.
Sealed proposals will' be received at this of-
flce until 11 o'clock a. m., on 'November L
lW. and then opened, for construction of
etone wall along southern boundary of Mili-
tary Reservation. Presidio of San Francisco.
In accordance with plans and specifications
on file here, which can be seen on applica-
tion. OSCAR F. LONG. Major and Quarter-
master. " U. S. Vols.. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS will be received- at the Bureau
of- Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Wafhinpion. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon, No-
¦ vember 13.1800. and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the naval sta-
tion. Puget Sound. Wash., a quantity
of machine tools, traveling crane, generating
set, switchboard, -air compressor, coke.
screws, copier, tin. Iron, oakunj, hardware
end yellow fir lumber. Blank proposals will
be furnished upon application to the naval
nation, Pu_et Sound. Wash., or to the
b-ir«*_u. A. S. KENNT, Paymaster Genera],
U. S. N. 10-11-00. , *
TVTABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
William T. Lane, 42. 171S Leavenworth street,
and Dora F. Day, S3, Bath. Me.
Thomas B. Murphy. 23. 2S1 Fell street, and
Helena Donovan. 22. 643 Hayes street.
E. Wlllard Burr. 30, Alvarado. and Ida B.
Jew*tt. 26, city.
William L. Goodwin, 30, Oakland, and Annie
M. Heyer, 34. Oakland.
James J. Hogan, 2S, Vallejo, and Elisabeth
G. Harrington, 21, Vallejo.
George E. Smith. 2«. 735 Brannan street, and
Bert-nice Schcffleld. 23, city. !
Leelie E. Burks. "24, city, and Ana E. Mac-
Cabe. 20. city.
George W. SMIL 24. 316 Vlcksburg street, and
Lfialie Buchanan, IS, Colusa.
• Allan Betiner. 25. 2C25 Polk street, and Lil-
lian E. Henry. 23. 2025 Polk street.
Attilia Parent!. 22. 1310 Dupont street and
Maria Boclardi. 19. 1310 Dupont street.
John Grierson, 31, 103 f^outh Park, and Mary
J. Young, 27. 739 Guerrero Btreet. • . •
Thomas 'Murray. 29, 810 Mission street and
Lizzie Schankey. 24. city.
William G. HopWnsi. 22. M4 Twenty-second
Btreet. and Meta Westphal, 17. 824 Twenty-sec-
ond street.
Michael Bchmidtt. 40, I»s Oatoa, and Maria
Thelan. 27. 130 Hayes • street. ¦ ' •
Fred 8. Jackson, 21. 137 .Sixth avenue, aad
Mary A. Butler. 18. 137 Sixth avenue.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and .' death notices sent by
mall will not b« Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b«
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to .have the same published.
Xt \J XV -t •
LEVENBERG — In this city. October 18. 1900, to
' the w\fe of Louis Levenberg, a daughter.
WILLIAMS— In this city, to the wife of C. F.
Williams. '_ son. «
MARRIED.
BISHOP— ROCKWOOD— In this city, October
2S, 1900, by the Rer. Frank 8. Port. George
H. Bishop and Nettle E. Rockwood, both of
San Francisco. ¦ . .;.:..
POTTER— HA-NX AH— In this city. October 2S.
1900. by the Rev. Frank S. Ford. Levern E.
Potter of Colusa, Cal., and Martha. :V. Han-
nah of Maxwell. Cal. < '.
Beard. Julia E. " McKown. Jennie
Cohen, Rebecca Mayrlsch. Charles
Darr. Fred G. M. Morlne. Edgar 8.
Dreyfuss. Isaac Pequlgney, Farrie .
Ebblrshausen, Henry Powers. John Jr
Ehm. Charles A. Redmond." Charles H.
Fluth. Samuel A. Reynolds, Frank
Gonzalez, Margaret Schach. Caroline
Hansen. Mona B. Stohlmann. Antoln-
Harder. Nlcolaus etta C.
Hayes. Aleck Stuart. Leonora
Helse, Anna Wagner. Charlea B.
Helt-elmann. "Peter Waterman. Chas. E..
Holcombe, Atkinson "Wilson. Mrs. Ellen
Hoyt, Jennie Youngr, Reginald H.
Kellslng-. Michael
BEARD— in- this city. October 29. 1900. Julia
,£. Beard (formerly of Bakersfleld, Cal.), be-
loved mother of George I., Walter J., Charles
H. and Bert M. Beard and Mrs. S. S. Mc-
Klnley. a native of Quincy, 111., aged 47
years 11 months and 14 days.
COHEN— In Vallejo, Cal.. October 28. l»00.
Rebecca, beloved wife of Isaao Cohen, mother
of Morris Cohen, and sister of Lazarus New-
mark, a native of Poland, aged 32 years.
DARR— In this city. October 28. 1300. Fred O.
M. Darr, beloved son of Louis and Fanny
Darr, and brother oX Helen Darr. a native of
S&n Francisco, aged 8 months and 3 days.
DREYFUSS— In the City and County Hospital.
October 29, 1&00, Isaac Drey fuss, & native of
Germany, aged 65 years.
EBBINGHAL'SEN-Ia this city. October 27.
1&00, Henry Ebbinghausen. beloved father of
Henry J.. Edward, William, Laura and Al-
vln Ebbinghausen, Mrs. J. A. Spainer and
Mrs. H. F. Horstman. and brother of Frank
Kbbinghausen of Lake County and the late j
Mrs. Henry Meyerdlerks, a native. of Han-
nover. Germany, aged 60 years and 5 months.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 630 Shotwell street, corner of Twenty-
first, and thence to Masonic Temple, tforner
•¦of Post and Montgomery streets, ¦where the
services will be held under the auspices of
Hermann Lodge No. 127. F. and A. M.. com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
EHM— In this city. October «. 1900. Charles
Arthur Ehm, beloved son of Paul J. and An-
ithony Rosle Ehm. and brother of Paul Jr.,
t : Rosle, Florence, Dora, Ella and Oscar Ehm,
! a native of England, aged 15 years 10 months
and 25 days.
£y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 710 San Bruno avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLUTH— In this city, October ». 1900. Samuel
A., beloved son of Gerhard H. and RDsle M.
Fluth. a native of De Soto, Mo., aged 19
years S months and 2 flays.
GOXZALBZ-Iri this city. October 27, 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Edward Gonzalez,
daughter of Joseph and the late Catherine
¦ Reillr. and sister of Mrs. M. Lttzius and John
Rctlly, a native of San Francisco, aged 26
yArs.
• CTFriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'cl&ck. from her late resi-
dence. 312 Minna street, near Fourth. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAXSEN— In this city. October 29, 1900, of
diphtheria. Mona B., beloved and only child
of John H. and Elizabeth B. Hansen, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3 years 7 months
and 2 days.
HARDER— In this city, October S9, 1300, Nlco-
laus Harder, a native of Elmshorn, Holstein,
Germany* aged 60 years and 30 days.
ICT'Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from. the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
near Fifth. V.
HAYES-In this city. October 29. 1900, Aleck,
beloved son of Bridget and the late Dennis
Hayes, and brother of Agnes, Hannah anil
Kittle Hayes and Mrs. W. Lamburth. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 25 years 5 months
and 26 days. . " • •
E7 Friends and* acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 403 Haight ' street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, cqrner of Fillmore and Fell
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will- be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment IJpunt
Calvary Cemetery.
HEISE— In this city. October 29. 1900, Anna,
dearly beloved wife of Henry Helse, mother
of Hen-man and John D. Heise, and Bister
of Chris Hartmann, a native of Germany,
acci 22 years 9 months and 25 days.
ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
. (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, rrom her late resi-
dence. 11 Surry street, between Castro and
Diamond. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by,electrle funeral car from Castro and Chen-
ery streets.
HEITZELMANN— In this city. October 2?. 1900.
Peter, beloved husband of Alvle B. Heltzel-
mann, and father of Alvie B. Heitzelmann. a
native of Germany. "
C7The funeral Eervices will take place
this day (Tuesday), at Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
HOLCOMBE— In Alameda County. October 2S,
lSOO,- Atkinson Holcombe. beloved uncle of
It. A., W. G.. C. J. and 'Amelia Holcombe. a
native of Lambertvllle, N. J.. aged 78 years.
[CT 1 Remains at the parlors of the Gantner
& Guntz Undertaking- Company. 12C9 Mission
ptreet. between Eighth and Ninth. Cremation
at 4 o'clock at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOYT— In this city, October 29. 1900, Jennie
Hoyt, beloved wife of the late Edward Hoyt,
a native of Ohio, aged 60 years 2 months and
12 days. ;
(ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from St. Luke's
Church. Van Ness avenue, near Clay street,
thence by funeral car from Eighteenth 'and
Guerrero streets. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
KELLPING— In the City and County Hospital,
Octobt-r 29. 1900. Michael Kellslng. a .native
of Ireland, aged 8i) years.
McKOWN-In this city, October 27, 1900. Jen-,
nle, beloved daughter of William McKown,
and sister of Mrs. McCottery and Mrs. A.
Spaldin? and Alexander. Robert, William and
Abbie McKown. a native of California, aged
- 21 years 11 months and 21. days.
CTFtiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited \b attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday). at*l:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2711H Sutter street. Interment Cypress
I. awn Cemetery.
MAYRISCH— In this city. October 29, 1900.
Charles, beloved son of Bertha and the late
Otto M. Mayrlsch. and brother of Otto, Wil-
¦ liam, Herman and Fred Mayrlsch. Mrs." :A.
Olson and the- late Mrs. A. Anderson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 27 years 6 months
tfhd 2? days.
MORINE-'In this city. October 29, 1900, Edgar
S.. husband of Catherine E. Morlne. and
brother of Mrs.* A. M. Turner of San Diego.
Cal.. a native of Port Medway. Nova Scotia,
aged 4$ years 1 month and IS days.
CyFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission
Masonic Temple, 2668 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 1«9, F. and
A. M. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of Bunker &
Lur.t. 2C66 Mission street. ; • : .,
PEQUIGNEY— In Galveston, Texas, October 29,
1900. Farrie. dearly beloved eon of Margaret
Pequlgney, and brother of Victorlne and Jo-
seph Pequlgney, a native of Virginia - City,
Nev., aged 25 years.
POWERS— In this city. October 28, 1300, John
J., beloved husband of Catherine Powers,
and father of Robert. Alice and Katie Pow-
ers, a native of Ireland.
E7Frl*nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:S0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1«13 Vallejo street, thence to St.
" Brigld's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his •soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
* vary Cemetery.
REDMOND— In this city, October 28. 1900,
Charles H., beloved husband of Kittle Red-
mond, and son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. Dennis
Redmond, a native of County Dublin, Ire-
land.
tETFrlends and axiruaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2S12 Howard >treet," near Twenty-
fourth, thence to St. Peter's Church. Ala-
bama street, between Twenty-fpurth and
Twenty-fifth, where- a BOlemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
«oul, commencing at * 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In this city, October 29, 1900,
Frank, beloved father of John F. Reynolds,
and brother of John and Thomas Reynolds, a
native of County BUgo, Ireland, aged 63 years.
SCHACH— In this City. October 27, 1900. Caro-
line, beloved wife of # Charles Henry, Schach,'
mother of Carrie A. and Charles Schach.
daughter of Henry Weydemann, and sister
of Charles. Henry. Gus and Willie Weyde-
mann. a native of San Francisco, aged 86
years 8 months and 13 days.' (Sacramento pa-
" pers please copy.)
ICFriends and acquaintances are reapect-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral tMs day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 945 Mission street. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
STOHLMANN— In this city. October 2S, 1900.
AnWoinetta C, beloved. wife of the late-Wlt-
* 11am Stohlmann, and mother of William,
Henry and Edward Stohlmann, Mrs. L.
Haake and Mrs. B. Schmidt, a native of Old-
enberg. Germany, aged ¦ 70 years 11 months
and 12 days. . :~A' t*WtfVji>«J*t^H-U«M__BS-l
G_rFuneral strictly private. .
STUART— In .this City. October 29, 1900, Lea-
nora, beloved wife of Alfred Wallace Stuart.
daughter of David and Mary Eller, mother of
Bertha and Earl Bldweli. -and sister of Mrs.
Mary Wilbur and lira. Nevada Cox, a native
of Shasta County, Cal., aged 33 years 9
months and 23 days.
WAGNER— In • Alameda, October 28, 1900,
' Charleu Blair Wagner, a native of .. Eelle-
fonto. Pa-, aged 75 years 2 months and ; 15
¦ days. • ¦ . -...:,.'..¦-
J_7"Tho funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from George H.
Thomas Post headquarters, 820 Post ¦ street,
ean Francisco. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. . : ' ¦ ¦ . .' ¦¦¦¦ ' . ' ' . ¦ . ¦ !.:-¦/ ¦•"¦.>*
WATERMAN— In this city.' October 29. 1800,
Charles E., : youngest and beloved son of Cath-
* erlne ¦ and ¦ the late' John: Waterman, : and
brother of Mrs. Louisa ' Jahn < and . George
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
' (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
•DANIEL P. DONOVAN; Un.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMZRS,
10 Fifth St.. opposite ; Lincoln School.
_, -Telephone South 80. ;. .*
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, X
' f! and 29 Fifth st.- TeL South Iff. » '
IUNEEAL DIHECTOBS AND EMBALMER3.
Finest Equf--nent at Moderate . Rates. '
. Waterman, a native of San ¦ Francisco, • aged
37 years 3 months and 4 days. v«;QS$4gtMflR
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the 1 funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday); at ¦ 2 o'clocx, . from ' the -parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., '1137 Mission Btreet. be-
I tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. - F. Cemetery. ¦ : . .
WILSON-In this city, October ' 27, " 1300, "Mrt.
Ellen Wilson, a native of County Cavan, Ire-
land, ased 60 years.
E_r Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG— In Colma. October 29. 1900,- Reginald
.'H., youngest and beloved son of James and;
. Annie Youngr, and brother of Margaret and.
Norman Young, a native of Colma, Cal., aged
I IX days.
. A CARD OF THANKS..;'.".:
I desire to thank my friends, tho employes
of the United Carriage Company and the
members of Ignatlan Council No. 35. . Y. M.
I., for the kindness and. sympathy extended
to me at the death of my husband, John T.
Fitzgerald. MRS. JOHN T. FITZGERALD.The, application; of Attorney. Dibble for
the b release.. of . Thomas A. Kelly on .$3000
bond's came up before Judge I'xiwlor again
yesterday, morning. ; Drs. , McDonald. Mer
yy'f and 'Morrissey were called to 'testify
as. to Kelly's condition in the County Jail
They all; said. that he, was suffering from
stomach trouble | and an incurable diseaao
and> unless he was released tronr.jail and
got plenty, of exercise and nourishing food
hts - condition would " soon become serious
: District 'Attorney ; Byington . asked for a
continuance till Friday, to . enable him to
1 get other; medical ; men : to ' examine Kelly
and report -as- to his "condition arid th«
Judge consented, remarking that he would
make a' personal' examinations -r- ¦
• Kelly is, in the-' County,, Jail pending his
appeal: to the Supreme .Court from the
sentence passed ' upon him by Judge Law
; lor • for. forgery," and there is ; a charge of
perjury, against him yet ' to be . tried. , Tho
bondion:each charge is $3000 and the ap
, plication* is '.to, release * him "-on h'Mf the
amount.'. He was clerk in Judge Grahams
.court ' when he * accepted i a "straw" ; bond
forging ; the -; name ; of : a man < named Riley
as r . one of the • suretie's ' and . swearing ; that
Riley had* appeared. before, him and<qual
lfled."' > ¦ J . ."¦-.'""¦-¦"7 .:- :¦".*,¦' ¦¦¦¦-¦ ¦ <
County Jail.
Anxious to Be Released From
The • ; Disgraced ) Police ' Court Clerk
MEDICAL MEN TELL OF
KELLY'S CONDITION
But come along and £et your shoes while
you : have the opportunity.** There are
plenty of. the $3 50 shoes for men and wo
men that ¦ are being sold this week for
$1 35 a * pair. Why; not take advantage of
the Assignee Sale of. the Boston Shoe Co.,'
775 Market street, near Fourth. ; •
Do Not Delay,
pects and Declares That He
Will Go Again.
. Lucky Baldwrn. has returned from Nome.
He arrived last night on the Oregon ex
press from Seattle, \ having reached that
city on. me steamer Valencia from the
northern gold Helds.
Mr. Baldwin expressed himself as being
much pleased with the prospects of Alas
ka, more particularly of Nome, at which
place he declares he is the owner of sev
eral good claims. lie brought with him
many samples and specimens from his lo
cations, and says that his interests are
better situated than those of the average'
owner. ¦
One of his claims! is adjoining that of
Charles D. Lane's, 'for which Lane paid
nearly $200,000, and Baldwin says that he
expects hla, property will prove as valua
ble as its neighbor.
;.,- If appearance counts. Mr. Baldwin has
stood the hardships of the frozen country
well. He looks healthy and In good physi
cal condition. - ¦•••¦¦¦
Speaks Highly of Alaska's Pros-
LUCKY BALDWIN RETURNS
FROM HIS NOME MINES
George Schubert, a! waiter in J."WV.Wil
liams' restaurant, ? 9 { Fourth street, was
given a ; $10 gold \ piece Saturday,' night '¦: to
get changed' but he did not return.' Yes
terday - morning ». Williams discovered I him
among the: "drunks"- and at' once swore to
a ¦:*: complaint - in . Judge Mogan's com t
charging him , with •misdemeanor ; embez
itlementr i Schubert « had '', spent- all. the
money on liquor. . ' .-.>,-
Bridget' and Annie Gaynor, sisters, who
rive on.Tehama street.- were sentenced by
Judge Fritz about, three months ; ago ' lo
serve ninety-days each In jail for battery
upon a f neighbor.' They: were released
Saturday and were soon afterward arrest
ed for disturbing the peace on compla'nt
jf the same, neighbor." Yesterday Judge
Fritz sentenced- Bridget to serve ten days
and Annie to serve five days in jail. Each
,s worth. about $15,000*- ' " s
Joseph Eastwood, tool manufacturer at
109 Mission street,-;. swore, to. a complaint
in Judge Slogan's court ' yesterday . for the
arrest of E.L. Taylor on the. charge of
obtaining money . and goods by false; pre
tenses.. Taylor was formerly a buyer foi
R. \\\ Gorrell. owner of oil' wells, and
obtained from Eastwood a tool ' valued at
$100 and $25 in" cash on ihe representation
that he' was.Rtill bujMnjf for Gorrell. v '
S. A." Selovur, 414 California street, swore
to a complaint In 'Judge i Cabaniss' court
yesterday for ; the : arrest ~ of A; » P.* Fuller,
a clerk in the office oi the: Equitable L4f«
Insurance. Company;- on the charge of ob
taining money i by false ¦ pretenses. >. Fuller
represented to .Selover,. so the last -.named
says, that he owned : furniture m a storage
warehouse valued at. $238 >and \ obtained • a
loan or J150. .'¦ Selover now ; alleges that the
furniture did not belong to Fuller.' .:•¦'- * .
' Stephen Corsellia was arrested . at Fifth
and Market streets Sunday night for beg
ging and'- Judge Conlan '¦-.¦yesterdayTseri
tenced.him-to serve three. months tn the
County ¦ Jail, v He is the ' man -who caused
a 1 sensation in Portland, Or.r by declaring
that i he • and * not V Durrant killed Blanche
'Lamont;. ;
Inez Curtis, charged with grand larceny
f or stealing . $60 from Joseph ; Benedict, a
gardener of Menlo Park, in a saloon at
528 Pine street last "Wednesday night,' was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Cabaniss yesterday in $1000
bonds. D. Curtaz' . and John ¦•' Bishop,*
charged: with the same offense, had. their
cases dismissed. -• • .
Fricdor R. Major, ,132. sixth street, the
divorced wife of Edgar E. Callahan, swore
to a complaint in Judge Fritz's court'yes
terday for the arrest ' of Callahan on a
charge of threats against life.' Callahan
was arrested about six months ago for
brutally beating his wife and since then
she has obtained a divorce from him. re
suming her maiden' name; Sunday he
called at her house and threatened to 'kill
her. ',.;¦' :¦•- ..*¦-*. i :. . • >. ¦ ¦¦¦ -;¦ * , *.
Judge Conlan announced yesterday that
he would hold the boy William Schoppleln,
who shot V>nd killed A; Brizzalefi at Green
and'Kea'rny. streets, September ] 30, -to an
swer before tlw /Superior Court' on a
charge of manslaughter in $2000 bonds.
Later he expressed a doubt as _to his
power to do so,' the complaint charging
the defendant .with murder, and reserved
his decision till to-day.
of Manslaughter.
derer, Will Be Held on a, Charge
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COURT.
William Schppplein, the Boy Mur-
Tnrown Out of Court.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday sustained the demurrer of the
defendant in the suit of George TV. Inger
soll, Herman Fesch and the Houser &
Haines Manufacturing Company versus
Benjamin Holt and others.
In the case of the Blythe Company ver
sus Florence Blythe Hinckley. John W
Blythe and Henry T. Blythe the bill was
dismissed, thus shaking off the tattered
remnants of the Blythe litigation so far as
the Ciroult Court is. concerned. .
The Board of Education, the board
of examiners and the Superintendent of
Schools are at outs again, the point cf
difference being the power of the board
to renew a certificate without the recom
mendation of the board *of examiners:
also the power of the board of examiners
to refuse to deliver to the Board ot Ed
ucation for renewal a certificate demand
ed. The board of examiners is composed
of the deputy superintendents, and on tho
ruling of the superintendent that the cer
tificate of Miss Katherine Ball, superin
tendent of drawing in the department. Is
Illegal, the board of examiners has re
fused to recommend that it be renewed
or to deliver it to the Board of Education,
although by resolution the Board of Eu
ucatlon has already renewed it.
The certificate of Miss Ball will expire
to-morrow, and in accordance with cus
tom the applied some time ago to tho
board of examiners to have it recom
mended for renewal. The recommenda
tion was refused on-the ground that wh.^n
¦ he entered the department six years ago
•he did not enter with the credentials the
law demanded and that therefore her cer
tificate was illegal from the start and it
could rot be renewed. It was suggested
thai Miss Ball take an examination, but
this she declined to do and the matter
rested so far as the board of exaxnineits
was concerned. The case was brought to
the attention of the Board of Education
st its first meeting in October by ex-
Judge Sanderson. Wno appeared for Miss
Bali, and as there was no thought of
charfring incompetency, • the question
reiFf-d being a strictly legal one. the
board considered the case and decided to
renew the certificate without the recom>
mondation of the board of examiners.
Then the cert ficate was sen^for in order
that the clerk of the Board of Education
might record upon it the renewal, out the
examining board has refused to give it
up and it still holds possession of the
document. The Superintendent claims that
he cannot sign a salary demand upon such
a certificate, issued without the recom
mendation of the board of examiners and
unless the matter be finally settled by a
favorable recommendation by the.exam
iners the case is likely to get into the
courts. . "
In the contention of the Superintendent,
however, there lies a point that' Involves
the certificates of more than" one of the
specral teachers in the department. He
holds that special teachers must have the
same credentials as are demanded for reg
ular teachers,, or they must pass the same
examinations. . . .
Under the law the only way for a "reg
ular teacher to enter the School Depart
ment is to be examined or to exhibit cre
dentials from certain universities desig
nated in the law. To enter as a special
teacher an examination or credentials, un
specified, are demanded. It is the claim
of the Superintendent that the credentials
must be the same in each case," but the
special teachers point to the. fact that In
the institutions deslgnated*in the law such
specialties as they teach had no place at
the times of their appointments, and to
apply the same rule to both classes" of
teachers would defeat the very purpose
for which the law was framed. It is
claimed further that if the credentials
submitted to former boards of examin
ers were found to be sufficient and were
passed. It is not now the time to raise
the point that they were insufficient.
There are ten or twelve special teachers
in the department, all holding certificates
under credentials passed by former boards
of examiners, but insufficient under the
present ruling of the Superintendent. The
office is making a test case of the matter
and should the Superintendent's ruling be
upheld all holders of these certificates
must be re-examined.
BOARD WILL OBSEBVE
CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER
pointment of Six Teachers to
Regular Positions. *
Priority of Service Will Govern Ap-
Chairman Mark announced yesterday
the names of six teachers who. will be as
signed to regular classes in the depart
ment at to-mprrow's meeting of the
board. They, are: Mrs. .Kate Turney,
Miss N. T. Foley, Mrs. H. B. Steele, Miss
Josephine Frank and Mrs. I. D. Reeves.
The board, however, will Insist that Mrs.
Reeves withdraw her suit, tti 1 which she
seeks to be restored to. her. high school
standing. The account of the board's
undignified attempt to , coerce . Mrs.
Reeves on this point appeared in The Call,
on Sunday. A sixth assignment will also
be made and Miss M. Bailie, Miss Gene
vieve Carroll and Miss Lucille O'Connell,
who were elected in the department on
the same date, June 9, 1897, will draw lots
for the position. • • . ',¦
The- assignments will be to vacancies
In the 'John Swett. Pacific Heights, James
Lick, 'Everett and Jefferson schools, and
to anew class In the Buena" Vista School:
Mark says the chronological order has
governed- the selections.
Miss JColan, Miss Rose Stack, .Miss A".
Murphy and Miss deary and two others
will be promoted from the unassigned list
to the substitute list in the order of their
original appointment. . .
Abbott Still Sells Whiskv.
Margaret 'Dole, one of the girl attend
ants at "Billy" Abbott's shooting galleiy
on Dupont street, appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. -She was arrested
Sunday night by Special Officer Sheehan.
who went to the gallery to see how !t
was conducted. The girl' did not- know
him and asked him if he wanted a drink.
She ledhlm through a side door -and up
a flight of stairs to a room and gave tho
Bpecialsome whisky. Sheehan promptly
arrested her. She pleaded, guilty and
paid the fine of $5 which the Judge im
posed upon her. . . - .=. .
Facs and Hands Burned
Dennis A. Mullin of 12 Eddy street, a
supernumerary; at the Alta Theater, was
badly burned on the faceand hands la->t
evening. Some powder had- been prepared
on the. stage for use in < the explosion of
a safe In connection with the play. The'
powder was- prematurely Ignited and Mul
lin received the full force of the explosion.
' For 1 tnore- than • fifty years the '. famous Jesee
Moore whiskey has been the standard brand of
the.^ world." : *'-•¦
.-: "Daughter, ""wouldn't you trust your
father to: choose a husband for you""
•"No. indeed, papa:. You would consider
any.man eligible who would listen to your
talk about your rheumatism."— Chicago
Record.; : •
. Res(Jlve(}...That we. the Young People's Chris
tian Temperance Unton of San Francisco, do
heartily, indorse/the movement against the
gamblers' ordinance which Is to be submitted
to ; the voters of this city; at the coming- elec
tion on November. 6. .We, wi«h^ as a society
to be counted among the-. hosts. who are arrayed
asalnst^ this gigantic evil. We urge all: voters
who ilove • our^lalr city and ¦ wish for it the
highest degree of prosperity to cast their votes
against this iniquitous poolselling ordinance
Senate . constitutional amendment 15,
providing for payment -of back -salary of
teachers of 1898; Assembly*amendment 14,
exempting the Lick School from taxation;
amendment 23, providing ; for Stanford
University legacies , and non-taxation
thereof: Senate amendment 14. exempting
bonds from taxation, /and Senate amend
.ment' 4, providing for. legal primary law,
received tho indorsement was of the
league. ;. •
A temperance meeting held last night
at Y. M. C. A.. Hall, under the auspices of
the Young Men's Christian Association, at
which the : following • resolution - was
adopted:
. Resolved, That the Public Improvement Cen
tral League hereby emphatically condemns this
proposed- ordinance and earnestly appeals to all
Its members as well as to the! citizens of San
Franclscp to use their utmost activity. to over
come all apathy tin regard to. this matter and
insure its overwhelming defeat.
, The Public Improvement Central League
met - last night at 916 Market street and
prepared resolutions preliminary to the
holding of the law and order meeting
to-night at Odd Fellows* Hall. The
league denounced the poolroom ordi
nance and adopted the following resolu
tion: - *
• Whereas, An ordinance purporting .to license
and resulate poolselllng will be submitted to
vote - of the electors of San - Francisco at the
election on November* 6 next.
and Y. M. 0. A. Want Meas
r .¦ .' . . are Defeated.
DENOUNCE PROPOSED
POOL BOOM ORDINANCE
Public Improvement Central l>ague
Drs. R. Addlson Huntington of 547 Fol
som street and J. D. Hill of 1116 Sutter
Btreet were yesterday arrested on com
plaint of Coroner Cole for causing the
death of Jennie McKown.' Both men were
locked up in the City Prison and will be
detained until after the Inquest. Coroner
Cole will then be asked to swear to com
plaints against them for murder. - 1
Huntlngton admitted to Captain of De
tectives Seymour last night that he was
well' acquainted with the unfortunate
young woman and had been keeping com
pany with her. - ¦
Yesterday morning an autopsy was
performed on the body by ; Morgue
Surgeon Leland and the Coroner, and the
mosti convincing evidence was secured to
show that the dead girl was In a delicate
condition at the time the operation was
performed and that the physicians had
made a bungling job. The accused doctors
stated to Coroner Cole that Miss McKown
came to Dr. Huntington's office last Sat
urday evening, accompanied by her sis
ter, Mrs. Belle McCottrey of 2711>i Sutter
street, and stated that she was suffering
from a complaint requiring an operation,
and that they were not aware of the true
condition of the girl until they had started
in to operate. ¦:¦ .
The autopsy report Is to the effect that
death was caused by "collapse, due to an
operation performed: contributing cause,
administration of chloroform."
Coroner Cole said yesterday that Drs.
Huntingdon and Hill had committed an
Impropriety in operating upon the young
woman in Dr. Hill's office. He said she'
should have been taken to a hospital or
sanitarium and there operated upon In the
presence of competent medical witnesses.
Such a procedure would have saved the
operators from the suspicion that ther
knew what ailed Miss McKown. •
Dr. Huntlngton graduated as a physi
cian last July, and he has not had much
experience in operations of a delicate na
ture.
' Miss McKown was a stenographer and
only 21 years old. Mrs. Mary Rhein. a sis
ter of hers, committed iuicido on May 8,
1899, by taking carbolic add while, tem
porarily demented by sickness. ¦
Last evening Captain Seymour obtained
complete statements from the accused
doctors. Huntlngton, who Is a graduate
of the College of Physicians and Surgeons,
said that # Miss McKown had been under
his treatment for about a month. She
went to his office last Saturday afternoon.
She was accompanied by her slater, Mrs.
McCottery, who. left before the unfortu
nate, woman was placed under the influ
ence of chloroform. Dr. Hill 'administered
the anesthetic After the young woman
had become unconscious she was given
some strychnine hypodermlcally to resus
citate her. As she failed to show any
signs of life artificial respiration was re
sorted to, but to no ax-all. For three hours
Huntington andHlu worked over her. not
withstanding that the woman was dead.
Huntington admitted that he did not no
tify the Coroner, as he was Ignorant of
the law relative to such cases. He signed
the death certificate and had the body
sent to an undertaking establishment at
Twenty-flrst and Mission streets.
Under a severe cross-examination Hunt
ingdon admitted that he had been keeping
company with Miss McKown and was on
very friendly terms with her.
Dr. Hill's statement is as follows: t
• "On Friday Dr. Huntinrton asked mo
to administer an anesthetic for him, and I
consented. I met him at his offlce at 1
o'clock on Saturday and proceeded to ad
minister the chloroform. During th« op
eration the rlrl succumbed to the Influence
of the chloroform. I had nothing: to do
with the operation. It kept me busy ad
ministering: the anesthetic I never had
an accident before."
Captain Seymour will not charge the
men until after the Coroner's lncmest.
This favorite 'steamer, under coramar.il of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeet» Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming islands of th«
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring SO to 40 days, but the time of new
steamship service will be 10% days. Aak for
particulars of the low excursion rate at (43
Market street. ? •
The Australia for Tahiti
BOARD AND WEBSTER
AGAIN ABOUT TO CLASH
Renewal of a Special Certificate Brings Out
Interesting Legal Points.
JENNIE McKOWN'S DEATH
LEADS TO TWO ARRESTS
Autopsy Develops Malpractice and Drs.
Muntington and Hill Are Placed*
•Behind Bars.
TWO HIGHBUTOERS HOB
;^ WHITE SALOONKEEPEB
Find Him Unconscious in a Base
; ment and Believe Him. of All
His Money.
Carl Trefz, who conducts a saloon at
609 Montgomery street, was found uncon
scious In a basement of a house on Stock
ton street, between Clay and Washington,
early yesterday morning. He 'was re
moved - to the Receiving Hospital, where
it was found that his skull was fractured
After recovering consciousness Trefz
claimed that he had been attacked by two
men,. who. after knocking him senseless,
robbed him of $120. After the case was
reported to Captain Seymour he detailed
Detective Tom Gibson to make a thorough
Investigation. , Going to Trefz's house he
closely, questioned him, but lailed to get
any information from him except that^io
had been robbed. Trefz was unable to
describe his two assailants, but thought
that one .was tall and the other short.
During. his investigation Gibson learned
that -Trefz had left his saloon Sunday
evening and visited several "joints" on
Barbary Coast. When he started for his
home he was very drunk. He was sen
staggering along Stockton street, followed
by two Chinamen. The supposition is that
he fell Into the basement where he was>
•found and that he was i-ofebed by the
Chinamen who had followed him.
¦In order to get hia money the robbers
were forced to cut the pocket of Trefz'a
trousers. That Trefz, who weighs over
200 pounds, was not instantly killed seems
miraculous; as he fell a distance of about
fifteen feet.
MRS. LIZZIE TOMLINSON of
the '"King of the Opium Ring"
company, who attempted sui
cide by the gas route in her
dressing ro-im at the Alhambra
Theater on Sunday, has recovered from
her collapse and will probably be re
leased frcm the Receiving Hospital th!c
morning.
There Is no dcubt that the attempt to
end her life was the result of despondency
brought on by her misplaced love for a
member of the company. The woman
was evidently determined to make this,
her third attempt, a successful one. It
was learned tnat she. had swallowed a
large amount of coal oil just before she
turned on the deadly gas. *
At the hospital she told Steward Kahn
that she had tried hard to secure poiscn,
but was unable to buy any, and she
begged him to give her something to
hasten death. Manager Taylor said thut
Mrs. Tomlinson had been with his com
panies for five years.
"This is not her Iirst trial at suicide"
said he. "and I am through with her as
an actress. I will see that she does
not want for anything, but she cannot
work for me again."
Agnes Williams, the soubrette who
filled, tne part of Mrs. Tomlinson at the
performance last night, did so in a very
creditable manner, more so considering
that she had but a few hours in which
to study her role. . ;
MR£. LIZZIE TOMLIXEO.V, KXOffX OX THE STAGE AS GERTRUDE
CLATRE. WHO ATTEMPTED TO COMMIT SUICIDE IN THE ALHAM
BRA THEATER SUNDAY AFTERNOON BUT FAILED.
j vantage and he acted-with rare skill and
B force. George P. .Webster a3 Dr. Sidney
j Sherwood, the villain In the piece, was in
, his element, but in the final scene was in
* dined to rant too much. ¦ Edwin T. Emery
as? Wallace Gray was clever, and the other
¦male characters were weir sustained by
Howard Scott, Lester Walter, Clarence
Arp?r, Clarence Montaine, Frank Opper
man and others. Miss Juliet Crosby as
Florence Sherwood. Miss XiOrena Atwood
as • Helen Dare, Miss Polly Stockwell as
Dorothy Dunbar and Miss Zorah Irwin as
Starlight "were excellent. The piece was
well staged. The long waits , between the
acts were a subject for general comment,
it being midnight before the curtain
dropped on the last act. "
California.
A powerful Russian melodrama entitled
'.'For Her Sake" is up for a. good week's
run at the California. Ervln Blunkall as
Prince Valdemar Radetsky and LylHan
Atwood as Olga, the serf girl, with whom
the Prince is in love, are fully up to the
requirements of their respective parts.l
Joseph Fox was good as the general,' and
the other, characters were well sustained.
Walter Damrosch, than whom no on©
has been more closely identified with the
history of Wagnerlan music "in America,
will give his first of four explanatory re
citals at: the piano on the "Nibelungen
«ing"- at the Calif orriia - Theater to-mor-
F.?™ "-St"} 00 "".*?. 3:15. his subject being
"Das Rhe nerold."^On Friday afternoon
he will talk on "Die Walkure." and on
Monday and Wednesday afternoons! of
I'n^.^f 6^ 11 !;^ 11 interpret "Siegfried"
ana Die Gotterdammerung." There Is
unusual Interest taken in tfiese works at
this. particular time, and Mr. Damrosch
audiences 51 " 6 by lar * e and cultured
Fischer's Concert House.
The fourth act of "Ernani" was splen
didly sung by Signorina Sylvia Puerari
and Slgnors Pio Facci and Cesare Ales
sandronlat Fischer's Concert-house last
Sl^'-i " I ' as Ratas ." a. Spanish terzetti,
™E,n cm most " nl <iue Piece of musical
composition and was capitally rendered
bj Senorlta Beatrice Franco, Jose Torres
Uvando and Antonio Vargas. All of the
vocalists were heard in solos and the en
tire programme was the best heard here
for months. Joe Haze, a monologist new
to San Francisco, told some amusing sto
ries, and Lunette, the hypnotic marvel
repeated her wonderful performance The
house 'was packed. .
Orpheum.
Bert Howard can play the piano and do
it funnily, too. His imitation of Pade
rew*ki is one of the most.- side-splitting
burlesques on the stage, and hls-partner,
Miss Leoma Bland, sang a doll song in a
style that is simply, inimitable. They are
a- first-class team and improve upon ac
quaintance. . -
The farce for this week is "The 'High-
Toned Burglar," an original production by
James F. Dolan, that keeps the- parquet
and gallery continually on the laugh.
The roles are sustained by Mr. Dolan as
the High-Toned Burglar, T. R. CurtlB as
the Low-Toned Burglar and Ida Lenharr
as Helen Trailer. It's a nonsensical skit,
but it has caught on all right. ¦
Another, of the novelties for this week
s Prelle's talking dogs — an ingenious com
bination of training and- ventriloquism
something altogether original and fetch
ing. Johnson, RJano and Bentley in" the
comic acrobatic act entitled "The Mon
keys and the FariAer" close the entertain
ment. ¦
Alhambra.
"The King of the Opium Ring" has
caught on at the Alhambra, Judging by
the large audiences that . have filled the
playhouse during the past two nights. The
local coloring of the play and the lively
plot hold the audience in a spelL through
out the performance. The specialties in
troduced are unusually good. Miss Lau
rette Cooney, the fascinating little sou
brette.as the leader of the broom brigade
and as the French danseuse is clever;
Maggie Peck gets a good deal of fun out
of her character part, the Wilson broth
ers, are clever- gymnasts and the Dale
brothers'are full of life.
Chutes.
The Chutes has a good bill . this week.
Moll and Rand as the. tramp and the acro
bat do some clever work on the horizontal
bars. Henderson and Evers appear in a
laughable sketch entitled "Mistaken Iden
tity." Other good performers are Wise
and Milton, colored, comedians* little
Claire Fex, in character impersonation:
Edna Davenport, in buck and wing danc
ing; in poses plastique, and new
moving pictures. • .
: ¦ * _ — — . ' " • v.
-01ymi>ia. ; ; ¦
. It Is vaudeville at its "beet at the Olym
pia this week. Pamplin, the Australian
Juggler, made a big hit last night. Eddie
Mack is still a big- favorite and the rest
of the bill is even better than usual.
After the horrible banalities'. of "Quo
Vadis" it is'apleasure to find the stage
of the Columbia Theater once more held
by a play that is strong without being
B coarse, emotional : without being senti
mental. Such a play is Augustus Thomas'
."Oliver Goldsmith," presented", last" night
by Stuart Robson and his excellent com
. pany. ' _> \s-?/;>- :¦ ¦ ' ...
Mr. Thomas has ingeniously utilized for
his first act the mistaking by Goldsmith I
of a gentleman's house for an inn: -this,
of course, is the well-known incident upon
"• which "She Stoops to Conquer" is found
ed. In the. Thomas play the incident 13
; .transferred from Goldsmith's youth to his"
; manhood and serves . as an easy • lntro
i; auction to the second act, wherein we. are
. shown a rehearsal of "She Stoops to Con
j Quer on the stage of - Covent Garden
» 1 heater. This act is the best in the play
• and contains more than one scene of dell
. clous comedy, the b«st being that between
, Garrick (Mr. , Henshaw) and Katherine
. Jjorneck , (Miss Mortimer), although the
Coleman-Garrick discussion about the
¦ faults ' of "She Stoops to Conquer" is
1 scarcely less diverting. The serious ele
1 ment In this act is supplied by the love of
1 Goldsmith for Mary itorneck, which leads
; v" i° knoc k down the villain, Kenrick,
¦ who has insulted her. The third act shows
j us Goldsmith in his garret; his arrest for
debt;, his deliverance through the gener
osity of Miss Horneck and his diffident
confession of his love for her. Thoroughly
. to enjoy the ending of the play, one must
forget or be ignorant of the career of the
real Goldsmith, which included neither
marrying nor giving In marriage.
Mr. Thomas' third act— situation, char
acters and many speeches— is lifted al
most bodily from Goldsmith's earliest
Play; "The Good Natured Man." It fits
very well into Mr. Thomas' play, and
there is no possible objection to its being
used, if its authorship Is acknowledged.
But I can find -no such acknowledgment
on the programme. Will Mr. Robson ex
plain? .
As to the rendition. Garrick was a
small man and Mr. Henshaw, who per
sonated him, is a very Jarge one. "Would
it not have been p0.3s.ible to nnd some
one who could look a.s well as act the
part? That Mr. Henshaw acted it ex
cellently cannot be denied and when. he
disguised himself in the trappings of
Twitch, the bailiff, he was superlatively
good. Mr. Weaver, as Dr. Johnson, and
Mr. Grattan.as Burke, met the require
ments of their parts admirably. Mr.
Robson. — well, j everybody j knows Mr.
Robson's style. His long and varied ex
perience on the stage makes it impossi
ble for him to do augnt but finished work
so far as the technique of his profession
is concerned. Whether he Is able to emo
tionalize you or not Is a matter of feeling
and not of reason. To me his .voice never
is and never can be pathetic. As to the
ladies,, one would have to go far afield
to. find.- anything truer and sweeter than
the act of Miss Mortimer and Miss White.
The play as a whole is clearly whole
some, entertaining and well presented. It
reflects credit upon both author and ac
tors; it is a play. which everybody should
see once and which many will want to
see more than once.
. . 1+ DU PONT SYLB.
: ' .Tivoli. -
Another fine production of th« opera
season at the Tivoli Opera-house is that
of "Alda," given this week with the new
"principals, Barbareschi and Castellano.
The soprano, has a clear and beautiful
voice, of rarely fine quality, and sings and
acts the name role in a grave and gracious
fashion and with much dramatic Intensity.
Her lower tones, less resonant and full
than the upper voice, were frequently lost
to hearing last night in the piano pas
sages through the careless predominance
of the accompaniment, which was notice
able, not only with her work, but more or
less throughout the entire evening. It
Was rather an off night with the orchestra
generally.
Salassa as Amonasro, of course, scored
a splendid success— a little hoarse at iirst,
but his voice cleared quickly and he sang
the part of the dark-browed Ethiopian in
splendid fashion and looked it every inch.
The make-up of Barbareschi, by the way,
as the .slave girl, excellent as regards
consistency of integument, in costume
is irreverently reminiscent of Pocahonta*.
or even- of those Indian who
adorn, for some unknown reason, the
stores of the tobacconists. ¦
Castellano is an excellent. Radames; his
brilliant,*. striking' voice- is here heard to
its best advantage. Lucenti as. Ramphls
and Schuster as the King fill acceptably
their parts and Poletini is a pleasing
Amneris. " '.
To-morrow evening "Carmen will be
given and Collamarinl is announced in
"ilignon" next week. '•'¦.»"
Alcazar. '-.. --
The military drama "Northern Lights"
was presented at the Alcazar Theater last
night to a ' crowded house. The plot is
-well known and gives scope for many ex
citing and dramatic situations." Howard
Hall as John Swift wind was seen to ad-
MRS. TOMLINSON
WILL RECOVER
Actress Courts Death With Futile Per
sistence and ' All Because .of:
Disappointed Love: ;
-:>¦¦' .: .••:•;• * . ¦¦¦• -
Through the efforts of Detective Ed
ward Gibson; Ng Ah . Poy, a noted ; Chi
nese murderer, is locked up in the. City
Prison. He .was captured last evening
as he was" leaving the Chinese V theater,
on Jackson street, but not without \ a
struggle. •'•..¦
.The specific crime for ; which. Poy Is
wanted Is for the killing of a fellow coun
tryman In the Chinese theater, • on No
vember 14..1S98. His victim was enjoying
the show:, when jPoy, who was accompa
nied toy several other hired assassins,
crept up behjnd him and shot him in the
bacK. ir»oy escaped immediately after the
shooting- and went to Kresno, "where he
killed another Chinese. Since then he has
been traveling about the country murder
ing his fellow countrymen "just, for the
fun of the thing," as he expressed it.
1 Shortly after 9 o'clock last night Detec
tive Gibson, -who. is specially detailed -in
Chinatown, visited the Jackson-street
Theater In quest of the men who held up
the fantan game in the Globe Hotel the
other morning and. got away with a sack
of coin amounting to $1500. Poy "was in
the playhouse at the time and, seeing the
I detective, he "started, to get away. Gib
son at once recognized < him and shouted
to him to stop. Poy ran downstairs and
after passing: a revolver to a companion
darted up Jackson street, followed by.
Gibson. After a short chase the detective '
overtook him. ahd placed him under ar
rest. The murderer made a stout resist
ance, but was soon overpowered and
handcuffed: At the City Prison he was
formally charged with murder.
According to. the police Poy is also
wanted for murder In Sacramento, Ma
rysville, Chlco and Fresno.-'
In 1S91 he tried. to kill Lieutenant. of Po
lice Burke, since dead, and was charged !
with an assault with a deadly weapon.
He was acquitted after two trials, and to
celebrate the event he fired two shots at
a Chinese gambler with whom he had
had trouble. In 1892 he was arrested for
robbing a Chinese woman and- again es
caped conviction. Poy is supposed to be
the ringleader of the gang whictf robbed
the gambling house in the Globe Hotel.
son, but Is Overpowered
After Desperate
,-'- • Struggle.
Arrest of Ng Ah Poy, a
Hired Assassin of # the
Suey Siifgs; v
Attempts to Injure I>etective Gib-
NOTED CHINESE
THUG CAPTURED
AFTER A CHASE
AUGUSTUS THOMAS'
COMEDY IS STRONG
'Oliver Goldsmith" Pleases Columbia
Audience— "Northern Lights"
Takes at Alcazar.
THE SAK> FRANCISCO CALL, OCTOBER 30, iwv.
•'-• Vote : for iThos. F. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court. .: . •
14
Halo's.
table glasses Market street, near Sixth, opposite cut alasa rd-
59c dozen. Colden Gate avenue. *|"J* 79e
three important events.
yesterday recorded the third Important event -.ithln the iaon*s *v
merchandizing of this city., aad signally marke I another success Thy tw'
house. • . " '
the first event was the opening to you of this new Btore *ra »
ready and cordial .adoption of it as your shopping hoae. Tour
the second- event was the opening: to you of this new store's great fviuu,
ment salesroom, with its matchless Unea ot houserurnishing goods i^v*
Its equally- matchless prices— goods and prices that your Btroag stinDort
proved you thoroughly appreciated. pori
the third event— that of yesterday— was the formal opening to yon of
the magnificent art. glass, china and lamp section— third Eoor>— ar.d TO q-
very large attendance and liberal buying. --.'*-
In this connection we also wish to apologize to many of our frter.j3
¦ for. the delay In delivery of goods pu~3hased in this sectloa-the voluiaa
: of .business exceeded our present delivery facilities.
; -, the opening prices continue to-day and we add many new and attract-
ive Items. m
fancy table glasses, like Illustration— opening price, doien 5j> c
cut glass salt dip. like illustration— opening price, each 1& C
white bowls— 6% inches, across top — worth 10c each — opening price 7 C
-covered chambers— large size— worth 60c each— opening price 3j$ c
six-piece toilet sets— bowl, pitcher, covered chamber, mug and soap slab
-worth $1 75 each— opening price 87c
covered slop palls with bail handles— large size— worth $1.60 each— open-
Ing price ,¦ * OSc
white porcelain cups and saucers-rflrst quality— newest shapes— sold,
regularly at $1.60 a dozen— opeidng price, for cup and saucer g e
nine-piece toilet sets— bowl, pitcher, covered chamber, small pitcher,
covered soapdish, mug and toothbrush holder — all large size pieces — vari-
ous patterns, all handsomely decorated— three different colors— sold by
usual stores at $2.50 and $3.00— our opening price, to distribute them as
widely as possible, only 81.20
one hundred piece _ gn*.
; ¦ dinner sets — four dif- '^^V-'T'n
colors with gold trac- | I ¦
*"^Sy- «^r5 Ings — worth $12.95 each I \ &
a^jT> i'ij"'iT?2rL_Z*jL.^~ < ! — opening price.S9-Or> I I B
I /w^CSr^vE^^^^I orated in green— worth / 72^^«
Vmt/^* -^sZEZZiw * 5 - 00 each — opening /aL * s\
" =^^&£/ manicure dtpartment a \^^f|(& >/
i l* * ««, mall order, carefully decorated vase,
jar, white granite. 98c. - niled aod packed. each $1.49.
Big Sale.
Fancy Blown Glassware
Vanei-T inch — .....lSet»
Vases— 8 Inert. ..gfi cts
Vases-12Jnch 60 eta
. • WaterSet .._«. TOO
Water Set ... S
Water Set S i. 8a
Atomizer ; cts
ThinTnmblen ". 4 eta
*rfaln Tumblers, eajTared. a cts
Al« or Beer Glass 4ets
Champaicne Glass—-^ a cts
Claret Glass .J8ets
"Water Comets... ..IS cts
We arc Cu tti ng Prices
all . to Pieces During Our
, Big Clearance Sale. .
Great AmericaB Imporliiiir Tea Go.
210 Grant ave.. b«t. Setter and Port sta.
881 Market St.. opx>. Powell.
62 Market »t-. Junction California.
, OCR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
...FOR.-
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK B. KERRIGAN,
REGULAR REPUBUCAN NOMDHE.
DR.MCNULTY:
ri^Hia v?EUL-icyovrs aitd kkliable old
I. 8pedali3Ccus»B!oodPoi9oa,GonorrhC8a,Gleet t
Stricture, Seminal Weakness, Impotence and tbelr
•Hied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, free.
OTerSOrears'experience.Ternui reasonable. Honrs.
9U>3d&lly;6:30to8.:»ev'K*. Sund;iy*.10to 12. ConRul-
tatioofreeand sacredly confldentlal. CaU or address
P. ROSCOE MeXULTT, H. D.
23 \' t KearnyHt., Man Francisco, CsL
SH vm S500 If my Skin
iuSf I BHImBI case of eczema
g» I QaS| or tetter - or tf
Price 25 cents. All druggist*, or Mnt post
| paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DB
\ FORD, 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angeles, f^j
1212-1214 MARKET ST.' I
Betwren Taylor and Janes. w
Five Big Bargains I
TO-DAY! I
Boys' Sailor pr c
Blouses. . .... 33
Made of bist.pircale.
Collar, »ront and cuffs accor-
dbn plaited. •
Our rigular pride 50c.
Em- * ¦ • ' ¦ !R^)'5'P^ ! .
Children's - rt In 5
Muslin Drawers H« I
N*atly u "ked, sizes Ij^O fi
.2, 4 and 6, "regular "H
= 15c quiU.y. • a pair.* B
Women's.Cin- A ¦¦ q w
'derella Flannel yH I
linderskirts W I
Flounced and tucked, yoke; H :
'made of best muslin. Sol j all H
¦ over at 65c." fi
Children's Emr^l f% g 1
; broidelrjed Ca *s h-* I M I
mere Bonnets " ¦ W • I
: A"I sizes— sold everywhere ;¦
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
new rent
contract
plan for
selling
pianos
If you intend renting or "buying
a piano, investigate Sherman, : Clay
& Co.'s new plan. It is very dif-
ferent from the old .'installment
plan. Their new plan enables you
to purchase a fine high-grade piano
and make payments of only $6 a
month.
Why, think of it! Merely renting
a piano costs you nearly that much,-
and you never own the piano.
This new rent contract plan has
many other commending features
that are of advantage to you, so
suppose you call and investigate.
-NOTE. — Should you' desire to
exchange the piano purchased for
a Steinway, at any time within
three years, you will be allowed the
full purchase price.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Stein way Piano Dealers.
t & Sutter ¦tB.,.6. . F.
J '.Car: lZtb «ind Broadwfcy, Oakland. • •¦
Cor." Third & Morrison sts., Portland.
Til Eecccd avenue, Seattle.