healed th« bruise to ner iigntheartednes*.
Ehe came out. from her shell.of-melan
cholia to take part In the festivities of her
sister's marriage to David Baca, The
year of sorrow bad but chastened her
beauty.
came a captive. H© wooed so persistent
ly and he wooed so well that Delflna
could not say him nay. She was so young,
only. 17, and at 17 grief dies easily.
Jose was forced to make a business trip
to Albuquerque, "Something, is going to
happen." said Delflna's , "still / small
voice," but she crushed her somber fore-
bodlngs. _ In the pale dusk of coming night
a horseman dashed up to the house.' "The
body of Jose Banches has been, found by
the wayside," wa» the message. : «
<' The curse of murder seemed to lurk In
> her favor; and ' Delnna , determined -never
- again to bestow , her, fatal ' love. '" The .mur
derer of : Jo«o Sanchei -and^tht\ca.UM of
the fod attack to this day, remain myste
ries. • "• . ¦ .
Kor . two year* Delnna Lope* • fought
against j the shadows and specters that
¦" darkened - her life. ' Then the sunlight be
gan to. creep in. ;, When she ' waa nineteen
"she ¦_ met Melauladee* Baca, one of the
: wealthiest land . most . fought after . young
men In j New Mexico. . . .
' He saw. Delnna Lopes and he loved her.
Melqulades Baca knew, no fear. He
laughed to scorn the Idea, that - Delflna's
admirers were marked. for; murder. ¦ He
braved the, doom .that all "predicted, and
gave •himself 'with • ardor.:- to the task ; of
overcoming Dalfln&'s : iuper»titlon». .:. .•
. His sturdy opposition carried all before
it. People veered like weathervanes to
Melquiadea' point of view— "mere coinci
dence." And since a woman's "perhaps"
usually means "yes." Delflna succumbed
to the pleading of her lover.
. That was Just four weeks ago. The
.wedding belli were to ring early la Sea-
this fact has made a deep imprMsion en
those who dwell near Mount Vesuvius,
and has convinced them of the necessity
of placing their trust In God during every
suc% awful emergency. It Is the exist
ence of this deep faith which Is the reason
why a splendid Image of Christ Is now to
be erected on tfct Calderonl Hill. -
Image of Christ
to Be Erected
on Yesmviims.
e>
Ipf N Immense and most artistic mor.n-.
ff-\ ment of Christ Is to be erected
'if-' » on Mount Vesuvius, the exact
place elected being the Sal
vator square en the Calderonf Hill,
this being the place where a chapel stood
in eld days. Pending the erection of tho
monument, which will be of marble, a
wooden cross will be placed on this lofty
peak.' and its dimensions will be so great
that a*clear view of it can be obtained
from Naples. The monument will be con
structed by some famous sculptor, and
by the orders of Pope Leo the followtnx
inscription will be engrave*! on It: "Jests
Chrlsto Deo Restltntae per lpsum Batatas.
Anno M. C. M. Leo P. P. XHL"
For generations those persons whoat
homes have been near Mount Vesuvius
have piously believed that the fury of aa
eruption could be much mitigated by the
prayers to the Almighty, and that those
would be in the least danger who could
congregate In % some consecrated spot.
When the terrible eruption began la 1831
Cardinal Buoytcarnpagno went In state to
the chapel near the mountain and offered
np prayers. In the hope of appeasing; God's
wrath.- " "-"
A great religious procession was held at
the same time, and wnen It was over
thousands gathered In all the, - chapels
within view of the mountain, declaring
their determination to die there If death
were Inevitable. The Governor of the dis
trict and 500 persons had fled for safety
to a large building opposite the Francis
can chapel, in this little town of Torre del
Greco, while others had poured Into the
chapel until It was packed to the very
door. Hardly had they entered when,
burning lava poured down the street and.
¦wept to destruction the Governor and
his companion?.
.. A terrible time it v/as. but the fact re
mains that those who sought shelter in
the Franciscan chapel were saved, whllo
hundreds of others lost their lives; and
The maimed survivor of the duel went
to a far country. But Delnna was never
quite the same, though time somewha^
Dclfna. Lopez did not have the usual
swect-slxtccn souvenirs of her first ball
to take away In a treasure box. She
•cratched her hands pulling the drooping
rose« from her hair and tearing off th*
crlmson-splashf-d gown, she threw them
Into the fire. "Maria Santlsslma! an ill
omen, an 111 omen." cackled' the old nurse
as the flames easily swallowed' the, blood
ftalned £auze.
VThf-n ihe turt came Into the ballroom It
tour.4 the bocragglcd dancer* still there,
waJtir.g for the doctor's verdict, and Del
flna's -whitp sown ran red with blood and
the light of cor^uest no longer shone In
her eyes. She wan blameless, yet out
there in the growing daylight they were
filC&lng a grave; while inside th« doctor
irravely shook his head over thjp wounded
tnaji and said, "cripple for life!"
She btnt over, their bodies. One man
v/as breathing his last, while the othsr
phrlrketj from the pain of the knife '
thrust. D^lfira soothed the dying man'
first, ar.d then turned to the wounded one.
There were two lads who clashed over
her favor. They gave each other the He.
Down on the Rio Grande there is but one
way to wipe out such an insult. The
quick, sharp report of a pistol arrested
the Cancers: the flash of a bowie-knife cat
through the air. Then a wild screas*
rhlvered the silence into bits. It was Del
flna. ----;•' ¦
It was on her sixteenth birthday that
Delflna went to her first ball, there to
learn her fatal charms. She was an
fragrant ar.d sweet as a Castlllan rose, all
!n a gown cf Cimsy white. Her thick, eoft
hair, with its red rose*. Just tossed in a
knot and falling loose again, was her only
mantilla, Her beauty was compelling and
men quarreled for the privilege of danc
ir.g with her.
But even In her early teens the boys
Quarreled over her and many were the
boyish "scraps" for "Delflnlta." The
years added to her loveliness. At 16 she
was ravlsrJr.gly beautiful, with the lithe,
languorous grace of the south. Once her
long lashes drooped over laughing eyes,
but now something of tho tragic has crept
trnfler them.
The Serorlta Delnna is guiltless of even
a drop of the Mood that has been shed on
her account. She Is not a Clre<5 who will
ingly woo« men's souls to the brink of
eln. Her heart does not thirst for mur
der.
What girl this side of the Rio Grande
can claim tho questionable distinction of
having r*?en the indirect cause of four
deaths? Eenorita Delfina Lopez has yet
another proof of her fatal powers of fas
cination. A young man. maimed for life
by a thrust of tfc* bowie-knife, hobbles
around, a crippled testimony to her en
chantmer.yi.
WHERE are you going, my pretty
maid?"
"To bury four lovers, sir," she
said.
"won't you marry me, xny pretty maid?"
"I'd rather jou'd die for me, elr," she
said.
The other day two young Spaniards of
5Cew Mexico fought a duel over Senorlta
Delflna L«opez. the belle and beauty of the
Rio Grar.de. Valley. They met at noon,
and In the shadows of nightfall their
bodies were lowered into the freshly
turned earth.
They were young men of good standing,
and moreover were distantly connected.
Both were turr.amed Baca. Melqulades
Baca. the younger of the flery duellists,
was a grar.dson of Felipe Chaves. the
richest Spaniard in New Mexico. David
Eaca was the son of a wealthy pheep
o-w-nrr and brother-in-law of ' Senorlta
DeJJlr.a Lcpez. over whom the duel was
fought.
Who will win tho heart of Delflna Lo
pex? This is the question they are ask
!np down In the valley of the Rio Grand*.
Mothers cros*s themselves and clasp their
sons to their breasts, while fathers turn
pale v.t the* thought.
For trx* way to the favor of Delflna Lo
¦prz 15 sp'.cshed with warm life blood. In
the race for her hand three men havf
foujffat and tied. A fourth was shot be
r»a«« ii* «o%tsbt to tara*s!r-the fair name
cf Delfina Lopez.
From Albuquerque to the City of Mex
ico there i? not a more beautiful senorita
tha/i Delflr.a Lopez. And from Green
!?-nd's icy mountains, to India's coral
?tr»nd there Is never a maiden whose
woeintrs have b*en bo Pteeped in gore.
The price of courting her has been death.
selves to the hour mark, and stni Deltas]
sat by U*r dead lover. Bo stin she was,
•o pale, she might have been a form of
wax.
David Baca lived out the hoar. Before)
the death film fathered . to shnt out the
world forever, Delflna rose like a wraith
from the beyond, end turned upon him a
look so -full of reproach that the dying
man shuddered and tried to turn away.
But even In death his wide staring eyes
were turned upon the spot where Delflna
had stood like an accusing spirit.
( Delflna Lopez, the belle and beauty of
the Rio Grande, is fighting the battle of
life and death. She Is meeting death more
than half way, but arrayed against It are
her family and the physicians.
They d»iva that they will lead her bac)e
.to. health. But to happiness? Dlos sabe!
Fearful of the result. Delflaa sugax
eoated the account of the Interview. But
at last gossip had dared to whisper to
Meiquiades what everr one •!»* In the
town of Belen already knew— that Det-rld
Baca was ernaCgir.g the fair name of Us)
¦liter-ln-law. .
Mad. with the fury of his raoe. Mal
lutades Baca sought De-rid Baca. They
met In the plaza. "Are you armed T*
hissed Melquiades.' David polled eat «
ilx-shooter. A crowd Intuitively collected
. txoaad the men. The report* ran* oot
simultaneously. Each man fired throw
¦hots and each man was wounded thre*
times.
FVightened women and caRous tw
precsed closer A physician mad* his way:
to their prostrate forms. Then a tremor
ran through the crowd and swiftly It
parted to make way for a woman.a yoooff
woman, with the blaring noontide «tm
beating down on her uncovered head.
Delflna bent over Mel<xnlades) Jnst tx
time to catch his last loving message, X
few feet away, writhing la agony, lay;
David Baca. The minutes dragged them-
tember. Dclflna shut her eyes to the
donds that flecked her ha?p!r.e*x For
loma usaceoun table reason her brother
in-law, David Baca, had taken an Intense
dislike to Delflna, Her visits to her aister
war* so plainly discouraged by David that
D*12ca was forced to discontinue them. *
Melqulades Baca pooh-poohed the affair
and blamed It to Delflna's sapersensitlve
ness. , Delflna took his advice and mad*
another attempt to met her sister. David
Baca met her at the door and forcibly
forbade her to ever again cross their
threshold. ' V .'
Amour th» guests at the wedding was
on* Jose £anche*. At first glance be be-
SUNDAY CALL
ART MAGAZINE SECTION
THE FATAL POWER OF FASCINATIONout : garments as could be Jtaken away
without being missed. .'All v of this was de
posited at a: distance from, camp during
the : darkness, ¦ unobserved. ¦
.^..TheVnext, morning \as usual she went out
to '.visit -h'er traps '., and; taking the bundle,
which she • had^jnade : up, : carried It to a
distant ''. sheltered which ":¦ was un
frequented by the' Indians. Here she made
a camp of pine boughs and snow beneath
the shelter of an overhanging rock. Gath
ering "a* lot fot dry 4 wood . she - built a flre
.where Its flames would" lick up" against the
side of the rock," heat it through and then
through the night the' place would be like
an'oven. '¦'' ' 1 ,; :. -' ' v jV' .• ' , • , r
, Having done this, she walked down the
valley to where; the rescued traveler was,
at his old camp,' awaiting her coming, and
proudly ; introduced him* to ' his new quar
ters, where he was to" stay secure from
human observation;' her prize. :j
For months she came each day, shy and
suriwilllng-- almost; ! only., staying long
ehouch - to see i that , he >¦. was well i and -. to
leave the food .which "she .¦ had , brought"
him..;'. \V ;¦ ,,";>. / .;: : ,.-. ', ,. ,'[ .... ( ;- J^.;:-
At last * came the open season again,
wlth'the*flsh, game and berries plentiful.
Tha man '- had come I to his strength and
fiJrea, ne would stay contented at homa
'with her and cease those tiresome wan- '
>derJngs for the metal whose lack* mad«
him so unhappy..' r-r'-.v "¦:-!••¦ . -
.-; Her Skookum Jim. and Tagish
Char ley,, told, her tiat it would not be so;
that it was not for,-, Itself that he wished
the. gold, but that he, wanted It for 'what '
it would ; buy down in • the ' uunland ; -that '
He knew little of her Iariguagehand'she
none of his, but they were young; he was
hungry, and she 1 was a woman. Ho must
be fed and that,' too, for a long time, for
he^was then In no condition to' travel, and
the nearest whites were far away. As heV
own* people had none* too much food to
carry them through the I season, It* would
men of ,her tribe anfl filgh In her heart for
the companionship \ of one • of the : tall,
strong, active men otth^ south. ¦ : : •;
- She knew that, there was no ': settlement
nor camp of whites in traveling, distance,*;
arid Indian in^tlnct^the .'whole story _
.was told iby . the' surround ings. ''*. She '-. kne/w .
at once what'- was "needed.' r Takings from
a' fur -bag slung over her shoulder '.her
two fire sticks, she began rapidly ,
with i one upon the other, procured a tiny
flame and lit a bit of splintered pitch pine,
upon, whlch'she laid bits of bark/gathered';
hastily ' from -the trees. In ; a" f£w"niln- '
utes , a \ roaring flre was going. She wak- [
ened the sleeper, and 'finding htrn'tod thin
ly clad took off the fur." Jacket, which she
wore and placed It,' warm' with the"- heat
of her body, upon him. W*
She, at home In the killing cold as much
tm were the polar bears and white foxes,
had been down the river, looking for signs
This'ls the 'only part of her story which
the tells with clearness*, and upon the'tell
ing and dwelling upon it ' has come: to. be
all of her life, for she has not grown men
tally In the least from what she was as a
wild forest child:, with the . simple ; wants
that a natural life creates. N,ow that her
husband, wealthy, and strong, has grown
beyond and away from her, she loves to
tell of the time when he -was poor and
weak and suffering from hunger and cold,
had # crawled down by the river to file, arid
was even thirsty in the freezing air that
had locked - all of the water of. the river
Into an Ice as enduring as rock. 1 X*
That made it a long ana .weary num. iw
the' persistent Californlan.- On one of bis •
excursions through the interior the pro
visions of the porty gave out jWhlle.ln the
Tukon. One of them died," then ''another.
Dying and desperate himself, .Carmack
lay In the ragged furs that' were all his >
shelter,' the ' end not f ar ' away. * Indian
Kate, then ' round-facea, • bronzy, brown
and laughing; found him.
They clearly and lightly, foresaw what
¦would happen If the white men found
their gold. There would be an end to the
forest, the streams, the game and the fish.
For things other than that the. Indian
does not care. The wild forest Is their
park, and you may well fancy that Chere
are parks in the United States which tha
owners would not wish to see torn up and
destroyed by strangers from across the
seas, even If there was told In them. ___;
As nearly as the romance of her Ufa
can be made, frcrn the simple little state
ments of fact which Fhe has given, it Is
this:
Georg-e Carmack. the flret white man to
bring gold out of the Klondike, had lived
his early life in San Benlto County, near
vrhrrc the gr<»at mines of New Idrla pour
unending streams of quicksilver day and
riprht from thieir furnaces. He formed a
taste for mining, and with the InBtinct of
the true prospector went to look for gold,
not wh«»re it was known to be, but where
it was unknown. He went to 'Alaska in
JS?6 and traded, hunted and -fished as all
of the white men of that country did, but
always with eyes and cars open for stories
of the gold that he knew the Indians
could tell If they would. An Indian is"
wiser than he looks and his ellence Is,
less often than we think, the reticence of
wisdom rather than tha dumbness of
stupidity.
She has filed a complaint for divorce
apainst hor husband, and yet she does not
realize what it is that she has done.
That is rrierHy because she is' an Indian,
and the eubtleUes of our courts of equity
are beyond her comprehension. What
the does know is that ebe wants . her
husband to come back and be ¦with her
end she wants her child.
Her telling ha* not been clear, for she
does not speak English 'well and no one
there understands tbe language of her
people.
Kow she Is homeless and waxiders about
the town knowing no place as her own.
•woman who showed the gold of the Klon
dike to George Carmack, according to tha
Etory which ehe tells.
In the town of Holllster, San Benlto
County, lives Indian Kate Carmack, the
HERE Is a story about tons of gold;
a. real true Etory , and trfie gold ;
you can see It yourself in the mint
at San Francisco.
An Indian maiden, faithful arid true,
who ehowed the cold to her paleface lover
that she might win him forever to her
heart; that is her picture as she la now
with her little daughter.
And then the Inevitable mysterious lady.
Two of them in this case. The kind that
you read about in books, 'who always hap
pen In at the strangest times, from no one
knows where; or else from some far-away
corner of a forgotten land. These ladles,
like all things mysterious, you must take
more or less on faith, but In return for
your credence you have liberty to weave a
few fancies of your own concerning them.
Whether, for Instance, It Is the man or
the gold for which they contend.
The sight was well worth the money in
Carmack'3 opinion, but his timid brown
wife was frightened to think of the awful
power of. the gold which she had shown
the palefaces; terrified by the force of
evil in that yellow metal which had lain,
so preitily under the moss and yet made
the proud wMte man fight as her father's
sl^i dogs fought over the :drie<3 salmon
when the snow was on the ground in the
long night at home. *
• - ' . • ¦' ,
Carmack did not run away and leave
his Indian wife as her. brothers had tql-1
herfhe would. She was still pretty and
her 'smite was like the smile-^well, you
know; t*e smile that a man gets from
the woman who loves him. Then, too,
she had saved his life and found him a
fortune. So together they* went to the
land of the sun; he. pleased to show her
the. wonders which her simple language
could not describe; she, proud to be seen
with her big Handsome white husband.
• Carmack was generous and good-heart
ed. He bought things until the salesmen
held their breaths. There was not any
thing good enough for Kate.- A hundred
dollar doll was good enough for their lit
tle daughter Graffle, because any doll la
good enough for a girl even If It is only
a stick of wood with a shawl wrapped
about it.
But Carmack had too much money, and
with that sense of honest generosity
which Is now so scarce he felt that it was
his duty to act a3 distributor of the bless
ings which tHe treasure king of the north
had showered upon him. He gathered his
family about him at the hotel window in
Seattle and threw money by the handful
Into the crowds below. That was a sight
which made him laugh. Newsboys
dropped papers in the mud and fought and
clawed in the slime of the street as pigs
grovel and root for corn in the barnyard.
Merchsjits.left their shops, which might
have been pillaged but that every one
was like themselves, in the midst of the
furious football rush that surged,
scratched and slid around like wolves
over a bone. Motcrmen and conductors
as well as passengers Jumped from the
car3, which were left to stand while the
five-dollar pieces and silver coins fell from
above. The police who were sent to dis
perse the crowd Joined In the scramble
and swelled the mob which -they should
have rcattered. Men came out of that
Jam with suits destroyed and gold in their
hands. ."
if once he go* enough of it he wottid
leave her 'and' go away forever to his
own'' people.' ->' , ¦ .' -•»'>- "^
But she loved him and that was enough.
She could not see him unhappy, and. one
day an excursion was planned that would
lead. them to the place where the moesea
trailed over golden sands and the waters
of -the rippling creek looked like Chabli*
as they took alternately the color of the
moss and gold on wh'ich they .ran.;
- That was an eventful ' day. Carmack
looked at if one way, Skookum Jim and
Tagish • Charley had a different view.
They knew that now the greed of the
white man would be limited only by tha
finding of the last grain of gold In the
creeks;- that- the treasure house which
.would have lasted their moderate people
until the end of time would be rifled in
the space of a few months or years, and
that with it would go all of the food re
sources of the wilderness. -- •
Skookum Jim and -Tagish Charley did
not want to file. claims. They felt that
they owned the whole creek and did not
care to be limited to~the BOO feet that
the law allowed.' but Carmacksaw that
their rights «ere secured and then they
began to scoop out gold. It was in that
creek by tons and the three pioneers got
their share. • . »
The romance has only commenced to
unfold, but the brew la mixed, and when
the trial of this, California's last and ap>
parent Iy most sensational divorce suit,
makes the facts public, there will be good
reading for those who are interested in
mysterious ladles, loving Indian girls and
tons cf gold, about which the fight re
volves. Kate Carmack wondered to see
the whites struggling in the muddy streets
of Seattle for the fists full of gold. Now
tho Is herself In the midst of a scramble.
There must be In the woman's heart a
great longing to be back in her own coun
try with her own ¦ people, but as the
hunter lures the doe away from the forest
by carrying her fawn, so Knte Carmack
stays about where her daughter bides.
She has much to think of on those long
rides. Of the time when she found her
fate in the shape of the handsome white
man lying exhausted by the Arctic river,
of their idyllic life while she alone knew
of it. and kept her living: treasure hid
den, sheltered and provided for. Of the
Joy which she gave him when she showed
him the greatest known wealth on earth.
And turning from that to the dark time*
of the present when he Is away with
strangers who surround him for the gold;
and saddest thought of all perhaps, that
her little bMwn-eyed daughter has more
of the father than of herself in disposition
and forgets her Indian mother In tho
ways of the white people.
The only pleasure left to Indian Kate,
the only Joy which the ways of the whito
man have given her. Is her bicycle, on
which she takes solitary rides through the
mountains of the coast range.
The child, too. with that peculiar un
happy disposition which often shows In
persons of mixed race, cares little for the
mother who adores her and is better
pleased to stay with her father's rela
tives.
In the meantime the sister of Mr. Car
mack, with whom his wife had been lJv
lngr. feels that she should not give shelter
and comfort to tha enemy, and has asked
Indian Kate to betake herself to other
parts. Whether or not Kate understands,
she. at least does not obey, for all .day
lon^. like a fond dog, sha hangs about
the house where her daughter Graffle Is
still kept, and only leaves at night when
she is driven to go to. a neighbor's to
sleep.
What the motive of the lady from Daw
son was she told no one, and the only,
clew to It Is that she has a grievance
against a certain woman in Seattle who
Is named in the complaint for divorce as
a corespondent. It Is alleged by the lady
from Dawson that a diamond was stolen
from her by this Seattle person, which
shows that they have met before, and
there may ba other reasons than that of
the missing diamond which prompt her
to make a 6000-mile trip for the purpose
of taking such an active Interest In fight
ing the battles of the lonely Indian who
does, not even realize what It Is all about.
"There was a woman," eta
Also from the north; all the way tress
Dawson, came a stranga lady, who took
the affairs of Mrs. Carmack In her hands
and proceeded to assist her In petting the
forces of the law in operation for the
purpose of compelling George Carrnacft to.
give one-half of his property to his wife.
. So affairs might have gone had It not
been that one day came from tha north*
land stories that pat peace to flight from
the mind of placid Indian Kate.
two yean ago tha money froia t2»
Klondike built a pretty llttla cottage la
the mountains of San Benlto on tha
Paldnes road, and there the TnrtiftB wife
¦was left with, a sister of tha rich miner
and sha and tha child played under tha
sun. ,
THE SUKDAT CALL.
2
THE ROMANCE OF INDIAN KATE
WHO SHOWED THE GOLD OF THE KLONDIKE TO
GEORGE CARMACK
of animals to trap, and came upon the
cheerless camp where the worn out pros
pector had | made his last halt. A few
morsels of bones chewed as though by a
dog surrounded the spot" where the , fire
had been. Every coal was dead and the
frost had bound the ashes.
Under a little shelter of. boughs the. sole
occupant of the camp was sleeping. His
face was drawn, white and hard. 'Hun-,
ger arid suffering had marked it. yet he
was handsome to her; the Ideal for which
she had waited. ] ¦• . • V. - .,•..'¦¦.
Perhaps it was her destiny or else Just
the regular, every day hankering^ alter
the unattainable; that had 'made her
scorn the advances of all the brown-faced
be useless for her to attempt to/take him
to their camp,!for they. would not consent
to the'- added burden. • And '.besides , the
medicine man, Qf the tribe had a strange,
strong * prescription for . ailing whites,
which seemed | to t be too much for their
weak, constitutions. -
"V For '« the present she had •with her , the
lunch 'which (she ; . had brought for herself
and'. J sne < 'jihared'. : it with : - him Ilberallj).
leaving cifough'far. hissupper, tdo.V
[ r That night she ate sparingly and stowed
away without exciting notice some portion
of r her supper. v During '¦ the evening she
made a raid upon the cache where j the
: winter's ' provisions ', stored, and "also
leathered up such bits of furs and worn-
'WOUld SOOn leaV« .. CO cm mar n»» n»n.
Then with all her womanly,, arts she, per
suaded ; him, ' for Bhejt had ; grown to'lbve
the-life sha .had saved. >" -'. ',. r ¦ ; .*r" ¦
- Then they, were wedded •after thefslm
ple. manner ;of the Indians and her' peo
ple became "his people.. Still always "up
permost In |hls;' mind was , the quest for
the gold that/he felt sura was not. far
away.-- KateSaaw , that this would sooneF
or., later- take her lovedr one from bur.
for ; with 1 , her ; young child she could j not
follow; on all of the hard trips. in search
for the bits of metal that were her only
rival In her husband's thoughts. ¦.
'Why should she not tell him where : the
creeks wexe that" ran for miles over golden
pebbles. IV would- make him happy and
then, he had all of • It that he de-«, Th« ; days '¦ tnat followed" were gloomy.
Clara sank into a state of depression that
nothing could lift her out of. She was ill
family, and toe meetings grew more and
more icy. ' '","' , ' ; '
In New York and abroad Miss Clara
should have a child that should reach 21
she would then b© at liberty to encroach
in some' degree upon the principal.
ever, la rare} It takes a Huntington to
make a millionaire Princess out of a
grocer** little girl. .•
The . Electrical Engineer of London is
authority for the statement that the Ger
man Government has Just paid $500,000 to
a Chicago concern . "for ] the patents and
rights to manufacture and use the auto
matic telephone switch" owned by the
company. The deal was made on the
basis of the results obtained with a 200
lnstrument exchange test by the Govern
ment for six months, which were entirely
satisfactory. •
account of an incident which brought us
together and gave me a passing glance
behind the drawn curtains of his past
life Just before the regiment disbanded.
V/ilklns came to me one day, as many
of the boys did, with his discharge, re
questing that I write something on It
giving him a 'character.'
" 'I would appreciate It, colonel,' he
said, 'and It m!ght be of use to me some
time.'
"'So I took the discharge and wrote on
the back of it:
/" 'This is to certify that James Wilkins
Is a good soldier, sober and trustworthy.'
"'Thank you. colonel,' he said, folding
the paper carefully and putting It away in
his coat pocket. 'I'm much obliged to you.
This will undoubtedly be of great use. to
me some day. You see, colonel, my name
ain't Wilkins at all, but Chambers. I had
a little trouble In my ttwn with the Sher
iff. Fact Is. I shot a man, an' If I ever
meet that Sheriff this will prove I'm not
Chambers, but TVilkine. I'm much obliged
to you, colonel."
"Some of the letters the boys write me
are gems. They seem to think I am able
StfTT l,oo^ to.
"Teddy" to :
Help Th«ir»-
OUt oF f HOUbT§.
Then it all came out. ' She questioned,
she cross-questioned, she was very firm
and she would have the truth. Hunting
ton' saw that It was useless* to try to
hide it any longer. He told her the whole
story and: It' took. 'so long that he forgot
about .his engagement at 5.. "When the
interview was 'over and , there was noth
ing left unasked, nothing untold, she said
not a word, but went to her room.
By this time sho had got him to tha
study door and he found himself entering.
He knew what was coming. He said he
had .in engagement downtown at 5, but
she said there would be twenty minutes
left to meet it after she was through
with him. He thought' he. heanf Mra.
Huntington calling him frpm upstairs and
he must be excused just a minute, but
Clara said that she— "Mrs. Huntington"
was what. she said and not "mamma"—
was on the veranda' and what he had
heard was a door squeaking. , . He must
give the man an order — "back In a min
ute, my dear," but she said the' order
could wait. ¦,*.?&&
Clara was very quiet during the re
mainder of the call and showed no feel
ing. But qfter the suest had gone, runs
the story, she calmly and determinedly
ordered Collls to a prlvateflntervlew.
so many people knowing who Clara's par.
ents really were it must come to pass
that the word would slip and the only
wonder ¦ was that it had not been lona
before.
"One of them, a tall, hollow-eyed fellow.
WlUdns by name, was as good a soldier
as I bav« crer seen. I remember him on
Cictlnctiicss from the cowboys of the
West and South.
"This country leaves its marks on men,"
he said. "I rpmrabtr the few men who
served with me from this end of the con
tinent. They stood out vAth a peculiar
On a certain afternoon the train was
speeding acres* the Bad Lands of North
Dakota and llor'.ana. The Governor was
at lur.ch v.Ith h&lf a dozen newspaper
correspondents. I3e was leaning his el
bews on the t^ble after the soup. look-
In? out at the low, round hills and the
etubborn. gravelly fiats thinly covered by
a stunted growth cf S rzss. Presently he
looked down the table and smiled.
Roosevelt, however, at table with con
vivial companions, is another man. ' The
curb which he apparently wears
when xcakirc political speeches Js then
thrown aside: be is the finished story
teller, the wit of the party, and ever
ready to reel oil anecdote after anecdote
from h!s 1riexhau?;'.v<; supply.
CLARA PREXTTCE started out in
life as the daughter of a grocery
man, and a small grocerynian at
that. She is now the Princess
Hatzfeldt-Wi'denberg:. heir to a million
California dollars and to one of the most
ancient names cf Germany's aristocracy.
This Js another wonder for which Ccllis
P. Hunting-ton is rcFponsibie.
He was rot satisfied with making a rail
road out of ah Indian trail and a fortune
out of poverty, bat he must needs make
a Princ^t* out of a. grocer's little girl.
In 1«C1 there was living in Sacramento
a man named Edward Prentice. He kept
a little grocery store, and the neighboring
housewives used to drop In every morn
ir.g and order soap ajia sard'nes and su
gar and have the account thereof written
in the little bocks which they carried.
Mr. Prentice was only the grocer, they
would have told you; they never thought
much about him. He was only the gro
cer. His daughter marry a Prince?
What do you suppose the good old Sac
ramestans of that day would have eald
to him If he had announced that his
daughter would or.e day marry a Prince?
They would have thought him a fit in
mate for the State lunatic asyluin.
It was In the year 1S61 that his daugh
ter Clara was born. In 1 "J came the Sac
rarsento Valley flood ..at carried away
men and women and thllOren and ruined
homes and left fiirastcr everywhere that
it passed. Edward Prentice was drowned
In It.
There followed grievous distress In his
family. The little grocery had been bare
ly more than a struggle at best and its
owner had saved nothing from Its Income.
He hajl preached a. suf3cient-unto-the-day
doctrine all his life, probably because It
was the otly one he could afford to prac
tice, acd had been unable to take thought
for thaanorrow; and now the morrow had
come and It seemed quite staggered by
the demand that it take thought for the
things of Itself.
What waj! Mrs. Prentice to do, ehe won
dered. How was she to take care of the
children? Two of them, a boy and a girl,
and the things they needed, from shoes
to bat and back again, were more than
che could even count up in a day, to say
rothlrg of paying for. Clara was grow-
Ir.g so fast that you could see the differ
ence every morning when she waked, and
where on earth were the new clothes to
MO one will ever charge Roosevelt
with being a spellbinder. His man
ner of delivery Is what Is termed
In Kansas the "ratchet move
ment," his gestures are mechanical, and
h'.s facial centortiens almost laughable.
But his rarnestness Is of far. more -freight
than the gift of easy speech, and nowhere
In his tour cf the Northwest were his
statements questioned. It is the man, not
l;;s manner, which carries weight on the
to set them out of all sorts of scrapes.
A few weeks ago I received a letter, pain
fully written and woefully blotted, which
read: - ' .*;•
" 'Dear colonel: I am in Jail 'for. bigamy;
My mother-in-law put me in. Colonel,
will you get me out as quick as you can,
as I want to dig my potatoes?".
"From Oklahoma this communication
reached me recently:
."'Colonel: I am In deep trouble, and
also jail, for shooting of a man. I am
innocent, upon my word, and am unable
to get ball. Will you get me out?'
"When I was In Oklahoma City, at the
Rough Rider reunion, one of my men
came to me. . vO"
""I'm -mighty glad to see you, colonel,'
he said, 'and I come In to tell you the
whole story, and ask you to not believe
thc talcs they pass arcund.'
-"'; "I told him I hadn't heard anything
about him, and he raid:
" 'Well, you see, I shot a man the other
day, but, on my honor, colonel, he shot
first. They don't think I'm guilty, though,
because I'm out on $500 bond.'"
come from? It looked as If It wouldn't be
on earth at all If they ever should come,
After some months of this*sort of thing
the fairy godfather put In his appear-
ance. Ho was Collls P. Huntingdon. He
took a fancy to the small Clara and de-
eld>d to have her. When Huntington de-
clded unoji anything It meant business.
HIs wife was r sister of Mrs. Prentice,
making him an uncle by marriage of the
little girl. She had always been around
a gr?at deal, and her uncle had grown
used to seeing lier. and he missed her if
*he was away. He began to realize this
more and more, and when she had the
whooping cough and was kept at home for
six weeks tTncle Collls was so lonesom^
that the cook heard complaints of the
pastry and Mrs. Huntington had a private
consultation with the physician to discuss
means of hurrying the disease to a sud-
den conclusion.
., . , - .,, .
It was not long after Clara recovered
and was back In the jolllest of baby spir-
its when Mr. Huntington decided that she
was to stay. The Huntington. had for
some time thought of adopting a child, it
was Bald and they had been unable to
find one who was all that they would re-
quire in •daughter who was to bear their
name and hold their affection. But the
small niece, as It suddenly dawned upon
them, answered all requirements. Xot only
was she a littlo beauty and of the sort of
family which the HunUngtons wished, but
she had. even before she was 2 years old.
taken hold of the big moneymaker's
heartstrings; not that he was an acknowl-
edged big moneymaker in those days. The
railroad was scarcely more tfian a project
In '62; the need of It had been realized
only the rear before, when the civil war
brought Its need before the public. But
he was a prosperous man, who had estab-
llshed himself v.ell In the hardware busie
ness, and there were excellent prospects
ahead and he cculd make a home for the
little girl, whose mother did not know
how to provide for her a day longer. The
upshot of it was that Clara went to Jive
in the Huntinjton home while she was
still too young to form memories that
W ™ T»" * *™W UP '
Then followed a process of unlearning
what had already been learned. Clara
was to be no longer a Prentice, but a
Huntington. Mrs. Prentice was to be
"auntie-; Edward, the brother, who had
stolen her rattle and Tea ner peppermints,
was to be "cousin." There, was a new
papa, a new mamma, and it- was all
changed.
- Everybody was warned and mads to
promise that not a word of Clara's birth
should be breathed in her presence. Ser
vants kept still, children kept still, no
body told. The little girl saw her "auntie-
f rOm time to time and liked her very
much, but. of course, "mamma" was
mamma. The Hur.tlngton home was hers,
she was growing up as a part of it.
. HuntlnRton provided for the mother by
v gi vIng her a home in Sacramento. There
she lived and looked forward to the visits
of thc little girl, and felt lonely in her ab
scnce. Her foster-father had given her
to understand, it was said, that he would
keep the chnd in California, and she clung
to the d , ,, ule comfort that exIated
, .. .. • . „¦ .
in the thought of seeing her often, even
tnough a great barrIer g between- moth.
er and dau&hter. -
Bufthe great raUroad succeedcd< much
t0 manjr peoplc.s surprI?e> and j$ raU.
road „¦„„., intercsts took him eastward
for trI whIch ew more and more fra _
quent. Everything seemed tending even
tnen |n the dlrectlon of hJs remov,
finally from California.
Ciara was fourteen years'old when the
flnal break came for her Up tQ that Um^
>8he had led'the ordinary little-girl ex
fctence without much event to break ,t,
happy monotony. Xow and then she failed
to have a French lesson respectably
learned and her governess made violent
=^nTarks and the young lady made the
same kind back again. She never was
known for mildness. She was as ini
perious a little woman as she is now a
big one. Tall always for.' her age. she
had a way of pulling herself up to what
r appeared a good deal taller and looking
at you until she usually, succeeded In
making you feel the size of a very small
shrimp—very small indeed. It is supposed
that in the end she usually got the better
of the governess. 1 .
When she was fourteen years old some
thing strange happened. A man called at
the house one da^ and the whole:family
wcre present (luring his call. He let the
cat out of the bag. it was all an-icci
dent-the accident that everybody might
have known would happen soooer or later
-it was only'a question of time., wlta
:Thus the final break was madel She was
kept in the East. until her debut Into so
ciety.' After that she made occasional
visits to this coast, but they were fail
ures. She had grown away from her own
- There was so content for any one. Clara
was growing more morbid every day and
was dragging both families along with her
as far as one 14-year-old girl could do.
Something had to b* done, the Hunting
tons realized at last, and It was decided
to take the girl East, put her at school
and let her have an entire change of en
vironment.
at ease with all her relatives; she could
not adjust her pojnt of view to the new
knowledge. She would ¦ hurry to Mrs.'
Prentice sometimes -with bursts of affec
tion, and then Just as quick 'a chill would
rise— something very like resentment at
the thought, perhaps, that this woman
had let her own child b« taken -from her
to another's home.
Now that the millionaire has died peo
ple are talking again about legality and
adoption papers. The marriage Is all
right, they nay, but how about Clara'*
claim to a bigger share of the great es
tate? If she be Indeed an adopted daugh
ter, why has she only $1,000,000 when th«
nephew, only a nephew, has $15,000,000?
It is all very puzzling. One thing, how-
There was one skeleton at the wedding
breakfast -which rattled a bone or two
and then lay still. An English lawyer
hinted at ths Invalidity of the marriage.
"In case she was not legally adopted
• • • an old English law," ha mur
mured.
But other lawyers buzzed otherwise tnd
the skeleton did not dare stir again.
By the time the marriage took place tha
devil-may-care young Prince had con
trived to get his debts scaled down to &
half million dollars and his outlook waa
rosy. , ¦
Clara, Princess of Hatzfeldt-Wllden
berg, was allowed $3,000,000, which was
deposited In three American banks, with
annual Interest payable at any time within
the year on her check. Her husband
should have bo power to touch It. If aha
Huntlngrton was a fun-fledged . society
woman. She lived through season after
season of gayety, and at last came the
¦winter In Paris . that settled her as a
| Princess for all time to come. The story
of Prince Hatzf eldt's wooing and 'Winning:
. traveled over two continents and brought
" a curious multitude to peer_ at the outside
of Brompton Chapel while the ceremcny
was beijig performed .within. The Prince,
whose $3,000,000 of* debts were the most
splendid debts ever contracted and had
ruined more than. one. family besides os
tracizing • him from Berlin and Vienna,
came to terms at last with CoIIls Hunt
ingdon and accepted his daughter with
the following arrangement:
THE SUNDAY CAili.
3
ONCE A GROCERYMAN'S
DAUGHTER
NOW PRINCESS
HATZFELDT-WEILDENBERG.Proverbs and short quotations are old
enough, but. a good collection of them Is
rare and something to be desired. A very
useful and meritorious compilation Is that
which has recently appeared In an artis
tically printed and bound book by George
H. Opdyke. M. A. This volume contains
some 270 pages of. well arranged matter
under the. title of "The World's Best
Proverbs and Short Quotations." The
frontispiece is a full-page engraving of
Shakespeare— the father of. so many pro
verbs. The book will prove an addition
to any library, and . the volume in red
and g»t will make a handsome
World's Best Proverbs.
go on loving each other to the end of the
rhapter. (Published by Lee & Shepard.
Boston. Price 75 cents.)
Jimroy. Lucy and All.
The fifth volume of the "Little Prudy's
Children" series, entitled ¦ "Jimmy. Lucy
and All," by Bertha G. Davidson, will ba
welcomed by hundreds of little folks.
"The Bonnie Dunlees" have a happy sum
mer. In the mountains of Southern Cali
fornia. Kyzie. the eldest, undertaking to
teach the barefooted children, Is humbled
by her own mistakes, particularly by what
is' called the "little schoolma'am's earth
quake." Yet, not discouraged, she re
solves to "be Eomethlns and do some
thing in the world" as she grows older.
Jimmy, after a dangerous escapade, learns
to say no to tyrannical boys and to obey
his p«arents. "The little two," Bab and
Lucy, dress to "look exactly alike." and
The, book shows hard work on the au
thor's part and is written in rather n.
pleasing style. (Published by Rand. Mc-
Nally & Co., New York. Price $1 50.)
When, after his second wife sets him
free, from no fault of his. he having done
his. whole duty by her. his happiness re
turns, lie starts for Chicago with his
soul full of hope. Here the story is weak,
for the first wife, who has been described
as loving him-i.ll this time and as* realiz
ing her mistake In separating from him.
refuses to believe him and accepts instead
the story of the second divorce from a
paper which has been sent by the second
wife. . '-;;. ;.¦.-¦ o
His employer is an exceedingly vulgar
man and the reader Ms thrown with very,
common people at this stags of the story.
Gaunt's misery Is. great and his suffer
ing's'awaken the spark of manliness left
In- him. He breaks away from drink, his
only comfort, and experiences enough and
more than enough punishment for his
past offenses. But he is destined to drink
the cup to its last drega.
ne leads a most unhappy life, mourning
for his htime. lie turns to drink to soften
his sufferings and after some time drifts
into a marriage with his employer's
daughter.
There died, a few/ flays since, at his
residence In Georgia, one of the few. sur
viving officers ' of the Confederate navy.
Early In 1861' Captain John Mclntosh Kell,
after twenty years' honorable service In
the navy of the United States, resigned
his commission and offered his service*
to the . Governor of his native State.
After a brief service as commander of a
pmall steamer flying the Georgia ensign
and engaged In conveying troops and
arms to different points on. the coast, he
was ordered to report to Captain Raphael
Recollections of a Naval Life.
Morgan Ehepard is the. author of a book
that should prove alike Interesting to
young and old and one that wlll'doubtlcsj
be very popular as an attractive holiday
present. It Is a tastefully bound volume
in the regular edition, excellently printed
on heavy paper and with artistically fan
ciful full page illustrations. The title la
"The Observations of Jay (A Dog)." : and
the sympathetic touch of the author will
be well appreciated by all lovers of "man's
best friend." Nothing can be better than
early to Instill into the mind of youth a
kindly fobling- toward dumb animals and
especially in their deahngs\ with the ca
nine race to make them feel that even a
dog appreciates good will and really has
ideas oi his own tucked away, under hia
woolly head.. The book is sold by D.;P.
Elder jand Morgan Shepard. San Fran
cisco. The price of the regular edition is
$1. A special child's edition, bound In gay
fabrics, price Jl 50. A few copies will be
done in rare old brocades and silk— price
12. - <• ,
Obscrvatioos of Jay.
whole plan suggests monastldsr&r. It
can readily be understood why no definite
cause for the monastic institution can b»
given and no date assigned for its
origin. It did not commence at any fixed
time and definite- place. Various philos
ophies and religious customs traveled In
centuries from country to country, re
sulting in similar resemblances and dif
ferences between different ascetic or
monastic sects.
It would be imoossible in the space
available to give any more than a brief
scope of Mr. WIshart's work. In con
sidering the effects of monasticism he
finally concludes:
"Monastic forms and vows may pass
away with other systems thit will have
their day, but its fervor of faith an4 its
warfare- against human passion and hu
man • creed, its child-like love of the
heavenly kingdom will nevtr die. Th<3
revolt against its superstitions and ex
cesses is justifiable only in a society that
recks to actualize its j underlying re
ligious ideal of personal purity and social
service." (Published oy Albert Brandt,
Trenton. N. J. Price $3 50.
The monk is a type of religious char
acter by no means peculiar to Christian
ity. Every great religion in ancient and
modern times has expressed itself in som«
form of monastic life. The* origin of
the Institution is lost in antiquity. India
Is thought by some to have been Ht
birthplace. In that rour.try there existed,
centuries before the Christian era. both
phases of Christian monaaticism — the
hermit and the crowded convent. Amon*
the Greeks there were pany philosophers
who taught ascetic principles. Pytha
sroras. born 5?6 B. C. established a re
ligious brotherhood in which he sought
to realize a hish Ideal of friendship. Hii
In this undertaking: almost every
phas<^ of human life mi encountered; at
tention was divided between hermits,
beggars, ufnlomatfsts. statesmen, pro
fee?ort. missionaries and pontiffs. Thnf
Mr. YVIshart has succeeded admirably
in overcoming the difficulties set before
him. no impartial reader of his bonk will
deny. He very modestly says in his pre
face: "Whatever other shortcomings may
be found herein, there is an absence of
that unreasonable suspicion, not to say
hatred, of everything monastic, which
mars many other valuable contributions
to monastic history."
In what he entitles. "A Short Historv
cf Monks an<l Monasteries," Alfred Wes
ley WJshart has undertaken a work be
eet with difnVu'tiPs and -reQulring- an
amount of research that v.ouk* appall an
ordinary student. A moment's consid
eration will make plain the task which
the nuthor had to suimnnnt. To un
derstand the monastic institution it was
not cr.ly necessary to s-tudy the isolate-i
anchorite, s-wking a victory over hii
slr.ful self in the Enyptbui desert, bui
the fortunes of ascetic organizations. In
volving hosts of men and vast aggre
gations of wealth must be traced.
AlonKs ar)d Morjasterl'es
B. G. LATH HOP
sible for a few of the choice expressions
quoted above; or whether John finds Vi
ola to take her from her honf-st penny
earning in the workshop of a Kearny
street florist is for the reader himself to
discover. (Published by the. Century
Company, New York. Price Jl 50.)
Poor old Colonel Reed goes to the great
beyond and Viola returns to Ban Francis
co to earn her own living and forget. If
she can, the bitter past.
Whether Letltla captures John er finally
Barries the elangy but attentive young
man. also of her own eet. who Is respon-
Tber« it another character of promi
nence In the story— a Miss Letitla Mason.
6he Is a stupidly honest, bovine person,
•who loves Gault and Is the sister of
Gault's brother's wife.
• • •
Viola inulstn that her father shall sell
their home -to pay John Gault his money,
acd they go to Sacramento that she may
never again see the face of her former
lover.
Their first meal In a Sacramento board-
Ir.g-house is as unreal and preposterous
as Hiss Eonner's other so-called pictures
of social life. It Is difficult to Imagine
that In any boarding-houso In America
much less in California— people would be
found to treat strangers with such con
eummate rudeness. Here Is a bit of the
conversation to speak for Itself:
"To Viola the strange faces seemed un
lovely and forbidding. She had met few
people in her life and this sudden plunge
Into society was a portentous experience.
Pale and ellent under the glare of the
chandelier, ehe nibbled at her food, hav
ing neither heart nor courage to speak.
When eh« raised her eyes she saw the
young man opposite— Mrs. Seymour had
presented him aa "Bart Nelson, our prize
young man*— staring at her over his plate
•with a steady, ruminating alr. ; As he met
her eyes for the second time he said:
- 'Off your feedr
"And then. In reply to the colonel's look
of uneasy Inquiry. Jerked his head toward
Viola and said:
" 'Mrs. Seymour ain't goln* to lose any
thing by her.'
"Mrs. Seymour replied that she wanted
Bomebofly like that to even things off
against euch an appetite as Mr. Nelson's.
"The laugh then -was on the prize young
man and be joined In It as heartily as the
others.
"Ml*i Mercer, who. It appeared, was a
school teacher, and who had the tight
mouthed visas* and dominant vole© of
those who habitually Instruct the young,
raid ebo guessed Miss Reed waa trying to
pot Mrs. Seymour off her guard; It was a
case of making a cood Impression In the
beginning.
"The voice of th« little girl here rose
¦with penetrating ¦uddenness:
" 'She don't erer eat much. She's too
thin.' - .'•)" r
• • •
As Mise Bonner*e work will be consid
ered more in the light of a picture of
San Francisco and Its society than as a
novel with a purpose or plot it is only
fair that It should be severely criticized
in this respect. Her story is a love tale
and not a very pleasing one at that. Tho
hero, a wealthy man by the name of John
Gault. falls in love with Viola, a poor
girl and the daughter of Colonel Reed.
Colonel R»ed Is an old pioneer who has
seen better days and ie the one well
drawn character in the book. He is aa
artistic creation that does credit to the
cuthcr— a fine portrayal of the old "Forty
niner," who has made millions, spent his
money with a lavish hand, helped put
other men on their feet, lost his all In
the "wildcats" on the stock exchange
end now borrows from his friends to keep
body and soul together. He still hopes,
with the sanguine hope of the sturdy old
timer, to redeem his lost riches, pay back
his small accommodation loans and leave
his daughter an heiress. His is a pathetic
character and one worthy to live as a
type of .many an old Callfornian now gone.
Colonel Reed presumes on his social ac
quaintance with John Gault to borrow
from him In small amounts a total Bum
of $510, and it is this little financial trans
action that causes all the trouble.
John works himself up Inio a state of
mental frenzy over the possibility of Viola"
being cognizant of the doings of her
father and the fear that perhaps they
sre simply two adventurers with designs
on his purse strings. All of which seems
very unnecessary and certainly cheapens
the hero for the reader. Several times
Gault Ifl on the verge of asking Viola if
she knows that the money they are living
on has come from his pocket, but courage,
fails him. Finally the truth comes out
quite accidentally. Viola, in the presence
of Gault. finds evidence of her father's
Indebted new to her lover and a frightful
ecene ensues, made worse by Gault's ad
mission of his former suspicion.
"There are no files on your little bister."'
"Tcu'd always be out o' sisht. Hut n
Jvst Five* me the willies to think of you
bcir.g down on your luck. Honest-I can't
stand it."
"You look sort of bunged up."
"Ain't she a peach?*"
"Wen. she can draw ray salary! She
can have the key of my trunk!"
GERALDTNE CONNER'S "Hard-
Par." Is disappointing. Possibly
with the fact in mind cf Miss Bon
incr's prolonged residence In Cali
fornia, her exceptionally Rood newspaper
•nork and the number of excellent short
stories she has written, we expected too
much from this, her first book. It pur
port*; to be a stcry of Fan Francisco of
to-day, and while RrojrraphieaHy and
climatically cr.rrect It fails utterly in tlin
attempt lo present our social life as it is.
Worse than thte— the. pon pictures draw:i
by M!?s Bonner will probably be accepted
in many localities as jrosr-cl iruth *md
while they will not do r;s the harm that
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton did in tellir.K how
young: Fan l^anclsoo women climbed in
and cut of tiiclr windows at all hours to
attend fire c'.arnis <~r walk up and down
the street because they could -not sleep,
it will simpiy be because her book Is not
so ciarirg— not because it is' more truth
.ful.
It Is very unfortunate that San Fran
c!pco should have to be Judged by so
called types set down as standards by
writers of fiction rvho havo resided- here
lor.g «ncugh to throw in sufficient color-
Ing of locality to apparently stamp their
<Tl-ions ns genuine. And yet that we are
Judped by these standards Is a fact be
yond question, rp. witness the acceptance
by our English cousins of Mrs. Atherton's
fanciful and uncomplimentary writings on
California customs, men and women.
So in the present work of Miss Bonner.
a. strang-er reading: her romance would at
or.ee decide that the author, having had
a long residence in our city, was In an
excellent position to speak authoritatively.
He would probably accept literally the
ppeeches and manners of her characters
as peculiarly Han Franciscan— and judge
up accordingly.
San Francisco can offer for its size as
much of polish, culture, refinement and
education as any other city of the United
States. And for any one to regard seri
ously the parts of. Miss Bonner's book
which are supposed to deal with our soci.4
Mfe would be to form a decidedly wrong
opinion of ua. ,*,
That refined young men and women of
to-day occasionally Indulge in the cur
rent elansr expressions of the hour is a
fact that cannot be denied: but It Is a
fault that applies to every city of the
Union as well as to San Francisco. To
imagine, however, that their lang-uape is
r.ever free from such twistings of pure
English is to do them a great injustice.
If the world is Inclined to take Miss Bon
r.er In earnest it will Imagine that our
society is made up of persons whose polite
conversations are formed of expressions
hke the following:
"I eorraled the girl."
BOOK REVIEWS AND
LITERARY CHAT
THE FOOTSTEPS OF A THRONE-Ef
Max Pemberton. D. Appleton & Co., New
York. Price $1 50.
KING STORK OF THE NETHER-"'
t 1X>trt Lee - D " Appleton &
Co., New York. Price 51.
COMMODORE PAUL JONES-By Cyrus
Townsend Brady. D. Appletoa & Co..
New York. Price Jl 50. — .
THE STORY OF THE ALPHABET-By
Edward Clodd. D. Appleton & Co.. New
York. Price «40 cents. . "
RUDYARD REVIEWED— By W J
Peddicord. The Whitaker & Ray Com
pany, San Francisco. Price 51.
THE HOME OF SANTA CLAUS-By
George A. Best. Cassell & Co., New York.
Price Jl 50.
THE AMERICAN JEWISH YEA~R
BOOK— Edited by Cyrus Adler. The Jew
ish Publication Society of America, Phila
delphia.
THE MAID OF BOCAS"SE— By Hay
Halsey Miller. G. W. Dillingham Com
pany, New York. Price $1 50.
THE DOBLEYS— By Kate Masterson.
G. W. Dillingham Company, New York
Price $1 25.
THE LINKS FAMILY— By John
Strange Winter. G. W. Dillinghan Com
pany. New York. Price $1 23.
A CHRISTMAS SERMON-By Robert
Lotsis Stevenson. Charles Scribner'a Sona.
New York. Price 50 cents.
VALICS. OR THE SCIENCE OP
VALUE— By George Reed. Published by
George Reed. 10 Stevenson street, San
Francisco. Price $1.
THE OLD GENTLEMAN OF THH
BLACK STOCK— By Thomas Nelson
Page. Charles* Scribner'a Sons, New
York. Price $1 50.
GOOPS AND HOW TO BE THEM— By
Gelett Bursess. Frederick A. Stokes
Company. New York. Price $1 50.
OBSERVATIONS OF JAY (A DOG)
AND OTHER STORIES— By Morgan
Shepar'd. D. P. Elder and Morgan Shep
ard. San Francisco. Price SI.
THE GOLDEN BOOK OF VENICE-By
Mrs. Lawrence TtirnbuII. The Century
Company. New York. Price $1 50.
THE STRENUOUS LIFE-By Theodore
Roosevelt. The Century Company, New
York. Pric?. $1 50.
HARD-PAN— By Geralcllne P.onner. Tha
Century Company. New " York. Prica
Jl 50. ':.;*¦-
WITH MALICK TOWARD NONE— Er
Olive Beatrice Muir. Rand, McNally &
Co., Chicago. Price $1 2.
RECOLLECTIONS OF A NAVAL LIFE
—By John Mclntosh Kell. The Nea!a
Company, Washington. D. C
THE DIARY OF SAMUEL. PEPYS
(1660-1C61)— Cassell's National Library (new
series). New York. Price, in paper. 10
cents.
OUR NATION'S NEED-By J. A. Con
well. J. S. Ogllvie Publishing Company.
New York. Price $1.
Book.s Received.
¦ Hamlin Garland has recently completed
the novel v. hich la regardpd as the strong
est and most important literary work that
he has yet done. The title la *'The Eagle's
Heart," and the story is said to present
an epic of the West, wherein the haro
with "the eagle's heart" croes westward
and enters upon tho strantje and pictur
esque life of the plains. The novel offers
vivid pictures of cattle ranching ani
other phases of "Western life. There la an
interaction between the Middle West and
the Far West, which i.<* adroitly Indicated,
and the variety of the story is a3 notice
able as Its vigor and dramatic power.
Mr. Garland has been engaged upon thi3
romance for some year?, and it embodies
his most earnest treatment of a them©
which has appealed especially to him.
both from the artistic and the realistic
points of view. "The Eagle's Heart" wi't
be published immediately by D. Appleton
& Co.
Among the new bocks to be Issued by
Kand, Morally & Co. this fall are "FA
Tteshid" and "Some Philosophy of tho
Hermetic?." both from the pen of Paul
Karishka. Mr. Karishka has been a deep
student of the law of beinpr. and these
books are the resuits of his observations.
"El Rishid" Is "a novel, comprisinjr
graphic pen pictures and character stud
ies and an Intense plot, arul 13 a book not
only to interest and charm the reader but
to show.. clearly, how .-the true^mastcr or
Bo-called mahatma. Is 'evolved. "Somo
Philosophy of the Hermetics" is a collec
tion of essays and is a departure in scien
tific presentation of new ideas. The es
says are clear cut and emphatic, passing
from the extreme of poetic expression to
the logic of prose and vice versa.
Henry Norman's article on the great Si
berian Railway. In the Xovember Scrih- -^
r.er's. Is the result of a recent Journey
rr.ade throughout Us entire length, so far '
as completed. The country traversed,
with its industrial and mineral possibili
ties, is described from actual observation,
and conversation v.ith the peopl? living
alorfg the route of the railway. Mr. Nor
man says that tho road will cost fVtf>.0<».
000. and is the greatest uru'ertaklns of
modern time3. It Is the real "'key to the
far East."
Amonc thp fall publications of the Funk
& Wajrnalls Co, New York, will b<? "For
ward Movements of the T^.st Half Cen
tury," n new book by Arthur T. Pier?on.
D.D., editor of the Missionary Review of
\he World. Dr. Pierson hr»3 -writ ten an ac
curate "and interesting: description of th^
conspicuous missionary, philanthrDpio anil
other religious movements during the past
fifty years. Th» vclume alma to jrive not
only a valuable record of theae progres
sive ster>a, but to present incanttves for
future efforts in the same direction.
The ori^innl copy c.f Linrcrln'3 notebrok.
which la to be jvjbllshetl in fae simile by
McClQTC, Phillips '& Co. thi?= f.ill. has been
purchased by Colonel WilUarn II. Lamho't
cf Philadelphia. Colonel I^imbrrt la said
to have the finest -collection &t I.incnln
iana In existence. The Lincoln noteb -.ojc
he obtained from the sons of Cnr»tair»
Brown, to whom Lincoln gave the boote
William Kfcholxon, the we'I-knmvn Eng
lish artist, -who has rr.me to this country
in the service of Harper's TVeeWir. 1 cnn "
tributes a color p-rtralt of Theodor*
Roorcvelt to the current number of t*'..it
paper. The portrait i- in five- colors and
represents Colonel Roosvrelt In unlfi r:n
on horseback. Mr. KIctJCtso?) will can*
tribute a series of portraits r>{ v:e\\-krto—\
public men to forthcoming numbers of l-j
V.'eekly.
"Tho .\pri! riaby's Rnok of Tunes" to
the attractive title of :i n*w book by thu
aether of "Elizabeth an. I Her German
Garden." It v.-i'l .contain many colored
r>icture^ and the faTOrttfl tunes of tbo
April Dal-y set to music. While thes
airs can be used for the amusement of
children they will ur.ii ->u'.>tr^f!y find a
wirier and ol'ler audiem e VLB well. The
MacTr.lllan Corr.:>ar.y will publish It this
month.
Kalman Mlksratb. tno Ilursar'.an nov
elist, whose recent story. "St. .Peter's Um
brella," has just been published l>y the
Harpers, in a writer second only U> Mati
ru^ Jo^ni In popularity amqi'ip hif? own
countrymen. He is a member of the ITun
frririan Acuili'my, ar.d Ttas twice served in
the Hungarian Parliament. He Is partic
ularly famous for his stories of peadnnt
life.
"Kin? Stork of t\e Netherlands'* Is tb.*
tlMe'cf the new historical romance by Al
bert Lee. author of the successful "Gen
tleman Pensioner," jufcllshed, t>y E>. Ap
plotnn & Co. ¦ -
According to, the American Bookmn
and the English Academy. "The Reign of
Law" is tho belt selling 1 noveUin both
countries at the >re?ent time, , It Is now
In its hundredth thousand. "•
Literary Notes.
he was placed In command of;pne of the men to the enemy. to whom he had sur
lronclads "In the river "ileet ' below Rich- rendered. " ..
mond. Here, he remained "until the closo Beloved by his family and honored and
of the war. .-,•-.¦. .-¦ ¦ .— • respected : by" his. fellows,' Captain Kell
He lived in retirement, until 1SS6, , when lived past the biblical' three score and ten
he was appointed adjutant general of In'happy cqntentment. 'What more could
Georgia by Gordon, an office ma n wish? (Published by The Neal Com
which he continued to fill up to the time pany, Washington. D. C.)
of his death;. ¦'¦ ¦„'•''. ' .
Thlsls the brief outline of a career . Writtna in Enalish
which Captain Kell. in hla "Recollections N ¦ ,;, „ " 9 ,,7 9 V
of a 'Naval Life." published only, a few William H. Maxwells new .book on
months' before death called him hence, "Writing in "Englffch" has been arranged
has described in a most entertaining man- on Jines which should be approved by ev
ner. -The reminiscences of -the old navy, intelligent teacher of English. It Is
In "The Woman Thafs Good." Mr.
Vynne has made- a very clever character
study. in the person of young Gaunt, a
Chicago journalist. He is a weak, vain
dreamer, who becomes j fascinated by a
beautiful unprincipled young woman. He
fights hard to shake off her influence, as
he is so happy in his home with a good
wife and boy.
Although his wife still loves him even
after her eyes are opened, she believes
the worst of him and secures a divorce-
Gaunt : does all in his power to prevent
the divorce, as he realises that his wife
is the only woman who has his love.
He leaves Chlcaco for New York, where
The Worrjan That's Good.
"A, Modern English Grammar." by II.
G. Buehler. English master in the Hotch
ki?s School (Lakeville. Conn.) has Just
been published by the firm of .N'ewson &
Co., New York. .This is the first publica
tion of Newson & Co..' an incorporated
company organized for the publication of
school books My its president. M. I>. New
son, who was for nine years at the heart
of Messrs; Harper & Bros. 1 educational
department, remaining with that hou^e
until the sale of all their school books
last December as a result of their recent
financial troubles.
Mr. Buehler's grammar begins with the
sentence and is everywhere analytical. It
is superior in • simplicity and clearness
and abounds In practical exercises, which
ghow pupils the relation between the
study of grammar and the every-day use
of language, . Special exercises are pro
vided on matters of special difficulty to
children. (Price G) cents; by mail 63
cents.) • .
A Modern tnqiish Gramnjsr.
lar attention Is called^to the . great num
ber* and practical character of. the exer
cises, which have been planned and ar
ranged with great care. (Published by
the 'American Book Company, New lorK.
Price 75 cents.) -' • -
Iq tbe Days of A.fred tr;e Great
Eva March Tappan. Ph. D.. in her
book.. "In the Days of Alfred the Great,
presents an interesting classic for the
young. The name of Alfred the Great,
always one to conjure with, will be more
before the public than ever on account
of the approaching one thousandth anni
'versary, and a scholarly lady of market
literary power has here presented the lit'!
of Alfred the Great so aimply written a-s
to be readily understood bv boys and
ffirls. and yet so historically accurate as
to" be very valuable on that account. Tho
old familiar stories of Alfred are all here,
together with very much new maierial.
translated from orisrinal sources by the
author. .M! is written in perfect Kng
iish and effectively aided by the spiritcl
illustrations of Mr. .uenr.eay. Published
by Leo <& Shcpard. Boston. Price $1.)
- - . \ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ * ¦ ¦
holiday preient for lovers of well bmir.3
and useful Works. (Published by Laird.,*
& Lee. Chicago. Price, cloth. $1: full
leather, full £lt. special binding; $1 3).)
T^L 15 S UIS 7 D A Y CALL.
Semmes, then fitting out the steamer
Sumter at Kew Orleans as a: ; privateer.
For a year the Sumter cruised with vary
ing success until she -vas condemned and
sold at Gibraltar. Then .* ¦ Semmes -"; was
ordered to l the . command of the "cruiser
"290," which afterward won fame as the
Alabama. Kell accompanied Semmes ' and
remained his executive officer " up { to 'the
last, to that memorable contest off Cher
bourg, when the Alabama was sunk. by
the United States steamer Kearsarge la
June, 1S64.
After the loss of ; the Alabama and his
escape with his * commander * in' the Eng
lish yacht Deerhound,' Kell succeeded In
reaching his. home in Georgia/where, on
reporting to the Confederate Government.
Including an account of 'Perry's expedi
tion to Japan,* in which Captain Kell took
part, will be read with real Interest.
While attached .to the frigate Savannah
as midshipman he took part In the raising
of the flag at Monterey ;by, Commodore
Sloat In .July, 1846,- when that officer
assumed formal possession' of- Califor
nia: ¦ ;"¦;."¦;•; • ¦;.¦-•¦*¦"¦ . :
It is unfortunate that 'Captain Kell, like
many , soldiers .and 'sailors, accepted de- ;
feat -with 'so poor a' grace.*- Ho could not
comprehend that the Alabama was fairly
beaten by the; Kearsarge -and could'-eee
nothing I discreditable .:", in the '¦ act of ; hlu
commander in tossing his sword Into the
sea and seeking refuge under the British
flag, . rather than delivering? himself . and
designed for use In higher Rrammar
classes, as well as In high schools, and Is
based on ; the ; principle of teaching from
the: whole to the parts. ; Entire composi
tions are taken up first, followed by para
graphs, - then sentence constructions and
finally the smallest units "of composition,
words. This order will not destroy the
pupil's ' Interest in ¦ composition and com
pel him to begin the subject by first la
boring over the minute details, as do so
many * books. T The method ot studying
models of good composition Is very promi
nent, and the character and large number
of 5 extracts from^ good authors rive* a
special interest and value to the book.* In
the presentation of new points the Induc
tive m e^dja_^r£qu^ntiyjiaed. Particu
. .' ¦ . '. ' ¦ d "
4i ant Mrs. Drew/ agreed with ma and ws
put on "Slasher; and Crasher," a farce.
When the curtain goes up all* the mem
bers; of -the company are lined . up as
though "; ; the piece ' were concluding, and
this line-up was Just tha thing that I
wanted. There was no demonstration, al
though rethink one man did start to hiss,
at which my heart went pit-a-pat; but
I can never forget how furious tha half
dozen members of the company looked as
they stood there in front of the curtain la
a farce supposed to be funny, every man*
Jack of them with a piece of crape around
his arm, , ±i .
Joined- Mrs. John Drew's Arch-street
Theater " Company, Philadelphia, In 1S54,
and 'I remained i wi{h = her . that . season and'
= the two . following ;l seasons. .. The Arch-
Theater, was then tha leading thea
i ter f of the country after Wallack's In
New •.York. . Wallack's, . the Arch-s treet
Theater,: and the '' Boston = Museum. . were
the ; few . theaters that , had a remarkable
reputation at that time; thatk; ilk© any.
he; regretted dolnp ¦ so ten ; minutes later
because of the powerful acting "of tho
greatest dramatic genius the world has
ever;known.".-I stayed with him as long
as good • manners would ; permit and on
my.departure' was given a cordial "Come
and see me again— in fact, any time you
feel ; like' It." ._ '•¦•f-;'S -.->,,;• rr- :.
vThe night after; Lincoln was shot nearly
every theater in' the country '.was closed, ;
says ¦ Robson. • It is ' Impossible now Tor ',
'thai younger generation toj appreciate: tha
tremendous ¦ feeling .that was < aroused \ by
Booth's dastardly act, but more than oos-
Bible, if '. such! atthing ¦ thera j be, ; for ' tha
younger/ generation ; to' 1 * appreciate , what
I ridiculous precautions \ tha , theatrical , pro
fession \ was obliged to go .; to { in ? order, to
retrleva t ltself.~> I ' had t been playlrij- j. in' 5
Philadelphia for two seasons and 'came tor
be; somewhat fof a \ favorite tanu -• Iniconse
quence appeared in ' nearly, every " perform
ance.' » When'- the >. theater reopened T after
tha funeral : of ! the President : I - went to
that did ¦ more than even the museiims
to bring the religious people to the thea
ter; but not even that very good moral
• drama would have brought them at first.
if ths theater had been called anything
but a museum, or if if had been pro
duced in any other place than under a
tent.
Pin the summer of 1864 I took a small
company to Lancaster, Pa. The short sea
son was not profitable. In fact. 'had It
not been for a kind-hearted landlord, who
not only charged us half price for board
but made up a purse for our benefit, we
would have been forced- , to , walk back to
Philadelphia. One night • we were doing
"The "Golden Farmer," In which I was
playing Jemmy Twitcher, a ragged tramp,
whose professions of honesty, did not pre
vent him • from stealing f eggs, chicken*
and anything- he could lay his hands on s
ThV little theater was; almost, empty
probably twenty people' on the .lower
floor and as many more in ! the gallery.'
Among ' th© scanty audience— seated ' on
the same old gentleman stood before. me.
"Well, sonny," he said, "they,.- didn't
treat you- very well to-night.-i did; they?
Too bad! ..Never* min4; all' player, people.
I hear, have to go through the same'ex
perience. Better luck -will , come I to you
later on. Do you. like the country? I;have
a snug, little place about ; two j miles from
town. Come 'out to-morrow and* sea me. ;
It wlir brighten you ¦ up' a' bit." *l';h •:'- 0 ?+£'{
Of course M gladly, accepted .the Invita
tion. The old gentleman gave me "the lo
cation of hlshouse and, slapping met on
the back most; pleasantly, .took", his ; leave.
Who was he? James Buchanan," ex-Pres
ident of the! United States.' , v
To say, that If was proud of this event
but faintly expresses the fact. The next
day I drew largely.' oh ; the \ company ; In
the matter, of r clothes.:> : James 'A:*Herne
loaned Sme a '.black .-r velvet '¦¦ coat
a little,, too long 'X for V- me' \ In ; the
sleeves 4 and % amply *; liberal ¦ in . the
back; : Louis .. James a . - green' double
breasted vest, and -. j Lawrence.-. 1 Barrett 'a
flaming . red necktie, i Thus "accoutered"
I took the road fbr.Mrv Buchanan'g'house
swelling like a shirt in» a high
wind. I found the ex-President.' lounging
on his front porch;'" wleldlng^the same big
palmleaf fan, for It was a sultry, day.! He
greeted me cordially and introduced'' me
to the : handsomest. woman I have «¦ ever
seen— his niece.i Miss ' Harriet ., Lane. • This
lady' had ; . been ¦¦ the reigning ' mistress - of
, . .. ¦
him, waa one of the hVid'saxneat.-inost
magnetic men I ever came In contact
with. I never knew him very well, as ha
was a man of great reputation, while. I.
• at the time, was a mera tyro. He died :
the season before I joined Mrs. Drew's
company. It was a great pity, for he waa
only 82 years of age. a great actor, and
had a remarkable future before him.
Mrs. Drew was an actress who knew
her business more thoroughly than any
woman I ever met, except Laura Keene.
She commanded universal respect,
though her rather sarcastic vein of hu
mor did not make her many friends. An
example of her idea of humor, and
one that lingered In my mind, especially ,
as It was our last appearance on tha
eta&e together, occurrred when John
Wilkes Booth came to the Arch-street
Theater to appear as a star. He had risen
very suJdenlv, his previous appearance
in Philadelphia having been in a very un
important role, and lira. Drew did not
take very kindly to the idea of hi* com-'
ing to her theater and appearing In a
leading role. Like all of us Booth had
the greatest respect and fear for Mrs.
Drew, and she would rattle htm by pre
tending to look to him for advice and
suggestions as to what to do during re-;
hearsals.
"Where do you want me to stand. Mr,
Booth?" she would say, very sweetly.*
"Why-er, where-er-ever you have been,
accustomed to, Mrs. DTew," he would
say. somewhat abashed.
"Mr. Foirest used to want me to stand
here, but not all great actors agree, Mr.
Booth," very sweetly,
"Wellj you might—— *
"A— a. and If yon "
"Yes, yes. yes, yes "
At this point Mr. Booth became- entirely'
rattled by her sweet yeses, began to stut
ter, got excited and broke down com
pletely.
Laura Keene. with whom I appeared la
ISS2-&5, was one of the mo3t intelligent
women I ever met, and yet*her most pro
nounced characteristic waa one which is
generally associated with ignorance* She.
was euperstitious to an absurd degree.
8he never allowed her actors to take hold
of a chair with the right hand. To study
a part on Sunday was a crime. To carry
an umbrella with a hook handle meant
Immediate discharge to the offender. Tha
sight of a bottle of red Ink was enough to ,
frighten her for a week. She said the us*>
of it was almost certain to precede soma
awful trouble.' On one occasion we were
playing a farce called "The Lady and tha
Devil." An Important scene was whera.
. she was seated at a writing table prepar- '
. atory to writing a letter. I. as her ser- 1
van t, was standing at the back of her
chair. '.Take your right hand away from
the chair," she said. In a stage whisper.
This rattled m« a trifle. Ths stago dia
logue proceeded.
"You are sure you can find Don Rafael
at his lodgings?" •¦ .
"Yes, madam; his servant tells mi his
wound will confine him to his bed for a
week." •
"Is this the only paper we have? Wfcera
Is the ink?"
"Here, madam," and I bent forward to
place the ink urn within her reach, when
in confusion at her reproof the vessel was
upset and the contents trickled Into the
lap of her white satin dress. The Ink was
blood-red. The ghastly look that came
over the lady's face I shall never forget,
and I was so frightened that I never knew
how the scene ended. The next mornlnsr
at rehearsal she told me I would never
have any luck as long as I lived, and that
my trouble In the world beyond would ba
endless. She called the company together.
gave them a detailed account of the
"awful scene of the night before, occa
sioned by the stupidity o'f the young man
who would never make an actor." She*
told of a terrible dream she had had. In
which some great personage — to her un
known—had been foully murdered before
her eyes; how she had attempted his res
cue, but without avail; how he had fallen
dead at her feet, hl3 head resting on her'
lap while his life's blood slowly oozed
away.
" Two years after this occurrence to a
day Miss Keene waa playing at Ford's
Theater. ."Washington. In the third act of
the play a sharp shot was heard In tha
stage box, from which a man leaped
brandishing a smoking weapon and shout-
Ing "Sic semper tyrannis!" The audierce
and ¦ the actors were paralyzed. Miss
Keene 'was the only person who seamed
to realize the situation. .. She ran to the
box, and in a moment the head of a dying
man .was. In her lap, the red Ufa's blood
oozing from a ghastly wound. The assas
sin • was my old boyhood's friend. John
Wilkes Booth; his victim Abraham Lin
coln, President of. the United States.
three miles outside of the town we were
to play we would put on our fine clothes,
get Into carriages and be driven 'in. It
was "Uncle Tom's Cabin," by the way,
the front bench— was an old gentleman in
a light linen duster, no vest and a pro
fusion of shirt frill, who laughed Immod
erately at the crude efforts of the come
dian while he cooled himself by the
wielding of an enormous palmleaf fan.
The performance over I retired to my
dressing-room feeling rather gloomy over
the shastliness , of the h-jase. when the
floor was opened without ceremony and
In these days, says Stuart Robeon. a
traveling- company had an unlimited rep
ertoire; a few there were with but one
pity, like "Uncle Tom's Cabin." But the
ambitious ycungr actor preferred the
repertolr*. Durisg the latter part of the
eeasen I Joined one of these "Uncle Tom's
Cab!n" companies, and a curious affair i|
The following are a few of his'
recollections of famous players he,
has met who are now numbered
among "those who have gone be-.
fore." These stories have not only
a passing interest, but a historical
significance as well.
known many prominent peo
ple. His experiences have been as
varied end interesting as those of
any one connected zvith the theatri
cal profession. Moreover, he has
a most entertaining way of telling
a ttory, and he always has a good'
one left up his sleeve that is better
even than the one before. ¦ •[
C^TUART ROBSON is an
actor who has lived long and
was. It was conducted after the manner
of a circus. We had a large tent and a
big: band wagon, and all the members of
the company vror# dress suits. Two or
the White House during his term of of
fice. He showed me around his grounds,
laughed at my feeble attempts to enter
tain him with the lean jokes then current
In the theater, told me of the great actors
he had seen, how he had helped to hiss
Edmund Keene from the stage of a Phil
adelphia theater on - account of an in
sulting speech he had made about Amer
ica the previous week In Boston, and how
Mrs. Drew, the managress, and said that
I desired whatever I appeared in that
night I should be "discovered"— that is.
when tha curtain went up I should be on
the stage with somebody else. It waj
rather generally known that I was a
Southerner, that I had lost several broth
ers In the war. and I feared II I should
come on alone there would be a demon
stration which would be far from pleas-
thing that we have to-daj*. Thesa thea
ters were. In their -way. Institutions. They
all had stock companies, but well-known
stars would come and play, supported by
the theater's own company. At the Arch
street we had more stock playing than
stars. Mrs. Drew herself did not play
very much, but she -was always In evi
dence as stage director. Her husband,
the srrea: John Drew, as we" used to call
the jSUNday ;ca:lx.
STUART ROBSON'S MEMORIES OF EARLY DAY
STAGE FOLK
5
When He Appeared
in "Uncle Tom's
Cabin."
A- Peculiar Meeting
.With James Bu
chanan.
Night After : Day :of
Abraham Lincoln's
Funeral.
firs. John Drew Hade
John Wilkes Booth
; Stutter.
Laura Keene's Fright
ful Dream That
Came True.Strange how long one may hunt and
seek for that which surrounds him on
every Bide. . He had many hundreds of
answers to his advertisements. Silly lit
tle girls wrote to him and trifled with his
time. Widows trifled with his affections.
Romantic young girls nibbled at the bait
which he held out la his advertisements.
in the shape of "a husband, loving and
constant, who is good tempered, does not
drink, smoke, swear nor flirt." But they
only nibbled. Some bt them were so
young that their mothers did not know
that they were out In the social whirl.
Awful widows swooped down upon him
with a paper chase, consisting of 110 let
ters in a string, threatening to bankrupt
him buying postage stamps. To defend
himself against such he notified all of the
would-be wgoeds that they must send
st;«mp? at least, and if desiring an early
love Utter, they must send If) cents. Out
of the shoals of Just as good fish in the
stta- as any that ever were caught, there
were but three who even made a fleeting
impression on him. They were, as he calls
them, his "New Mexico girl," hl3 "Ohio
girl" and the "awful widow of Florida."
That was until he saw his beautiful girl
in Washington, and the purport of all of
this writing is. In the eyes of lde Xeff,
Just to tell that Washington girl with"
laughing eyes what he never can tell her
when they are upon him
That he loves her.
It Is not of his travels that he likes, to
talk, though, but the human interest part
of the story— that is. the side of It which
relates to his search for a wife.
along- the gulf, as far u Mobile Bay,
by keeping within the chain of sea Isl
ands which line the north shore of the
gulf.
There Is one limitation he has to his
way of making hU* jrnileage, though, and
that is that until .^« has seen each and
every one of the different States he will
not leave his -native land. There Is a pa
triotic idea in that- l£ie desires to honor
his own land to Uie^Uest; before h«
wmle the train went on witn me, unin»
Jured." )
The greater part of lde Neff's adven
tures have been as harmless to him al
though less spectacular than this one;
which demonstrates the remarkable fact
that one may spend half of his life trav
eling and meet with not the slightest ac
cident. Yet there are those who fear n
little ferry trip lest something befall
them. ~-'~-s : :
Though Mr. Neff has traveled continu
ously and realized what has been merely
a dream with thousands — the dream we
hope to realize when our ship comes In—
he ha» done it all without money. He
says that when you want to travel, the
way to do It Is to begin and travel — just
start out. If you haven't any money do
not let that stop you. Nothing but a po
liceman can do that if you really have a
mind to go, and no officer of the law has
•ever yet laid a hand upon Mr. Jseff, foi
he Is a good man, and tho constabulary
are only looking for bad ones. "
.Most of us are self-manacled to a life
which we detest. ' There is no reason why
we should not travel,. except that we do
not .want to. We hamper ourselves by
saying that we have our business affairs
to attend to. Mr. Xeff makes traveling
his business; and he goes right on and
attends to it. We would wait until we
pack our trunks, or perhaps we have not
one to pack and would have to wait until
we got It. "Sett . has no trunk, does not
want any and has nothing to .pack In It.
All he has Is himself, and when he wants
to travel he just puts one foot before the
other and off he goes in the very wa.y that
nature intended him to do.
If he" wants -to travel farther or faster
than his feet can take him. then he put3
1 in a few days at work, which, fty the way.
he says can always be found anywhere
In this much- underrated country of ours
by a man who Is really. looking for it.
So when he travels on foot It is only by
choice and for the reason that he wants
to see more of the country and its peo
ple than are on view from platform and
deck.
He carries no baggage, this traveler
with S6.000 miles' experience, and In that
he is as was the great De Lesseps. It
is chmper to buy than to pay freight and
be incommoded by impediments. .
He is A miser, too. in his way. A miser
In mile* only. He cares not for anything
but irdLes, fis the regular mis€r care3 only
for thogoll! Itself. When N'eff travels he
[avoids sho -rtllnes. cutoffs and crosscuts.
The longest 1 way round Is the way that
pleases him \bcst." for then he has more
miles to ' a«!<T to . his string. That is the
only thing* ;he carries with him. In his
mind is the record of the miles and the
events that. ;have happened as he trav
ersed them. Every t day, that he has been
moving he sp.lrtds\in thinking miles, miles,
miles. Some «lm» he 'will write a book.
That will be vHienlie has traveled a hun
dred thousand'; miles or secured a wtfe.
For he has a i^ual object, now that he
has got so near the one without getting
the other.
f{ y? UKTIKO for a wife, lde Ne.T.
i(~~~l who«e home is the United Btates,
i 11 ha* travcle.l ZtffA mllea. visited
morf-4han ten thousand towns and
Jn jet a bachelor.
He has kept a sttandlrsB advertisement
'in ii Chicago matrtnibolal paper, and to
furihor help himself In his lifelong quest
has written a booklet In which he cooea
his ycirnicj; for a mate and tella some
facts for these who may take an Interest
in him.
In Its opening paragraph he trius ex
plains the reason of hf« weary chant:
"To bave you urjderatand better why I
em a wanderer, will say. once upon a time
Jn the long av,o I had a sweetheart (dead
now). in school: love on. sight. I
was too bashful la upeafc. Ten years later
'she married another. "Weil, 'tis better to,
have, loved and lost than never to have
loved at all. llrr memory has kept me
out of bad comp'any."
Filled with that lonely feeling, even in
• the thickest crowds, he started on his
travels, always going nsfar as his money
would take him, pausing only to earn
more. Searching 'feminine faces every
.where, finding never a one which could
take the place of that which he had lost
forever by his early bashfulness."
The travel In search. of a mate at fast
turned his passion from wife-hunting to
travel for travel's sake alone, and he was
willing at one time to marry any one who
would bring him money enough to enable
him to make his miteagj reach the hun
dred thousand mark.'
So he continued to feel, until one day
when he was picking oranges on the Pine
apple River in Florida there came a letter
and a photograph from the State of
Washington In the opposite corner of the
United States; an answer to the little
advertisement in the Chicago paper. There
was In the wording of the letter and In
The /Han Who
WoUTd Wed.
"Never before did I make myself so
¦mall, as I tucked, away, in the little
ipace under the projecting boiler front. <
"Bang!. went the mule and my' hat and
can© over the , top of the ' smokestack
"rdid. There was no place to go and
no place to stay if the mule continued his
mind to get suddenly aboard and ride
with me. ., ' , ¦_".-¦ ;.. . .
"We were going down an easy grade
with a long straightaway stretch of track
in front. At the end of it was a white
speck, which was growing constantly
larger and seemed to be coming at me, a
mile a minute.^ As we rushed upon it I
saw that' It ..was- a' white mute standing
obstinately upon . the track, while the
whistle roared, the bell Jangled double
rings and steam screeched out of the
cylinder cocks.
"But the mule was a mule and he did
oot care. ¦ ~
"It's Mice riding straddle of a cannon
ball. ¦ '¦¦-.:
"Leaving Pierce City the moon was just
about full, and the black smoke from the
zinc smelters drifted In pIcture-Hlce clouds
across Its face. I did not care on such a
night to be shut Inside of a car, where alt
the world looks alike. Just as the train*
was ready to pull out I went ahead in the
darkness and seated myself on the cow
catcher, well back under the extension
front of the boiler.
"That is the best place of all for seeing
things. Every object In range ahead of
you seems to be flying straight in your
face, and it takes some nerve to feel com
fortable there, even if nothing does hap
pen. »
"It was on the St. Louis and Saa Fran
cisco line. I had a railroad ticket, but I
like to travel for <he sensations of trav
eling, rather than for the mere purpose
of corporeal trarispbirtatloitS ! ;>v: s '
Kor twenty years, through twenty-six
States, and Terrltortcs, he has walked 73-
C0O mllfs. rl.lden 15.000 on passenger trains
and the rame distance on steamers. and
paddled SCGo mll«*!« In a canoe, making hira
wlf the' champion In j that line a9 well.
The rest of the Sfl.OOO miles has been va
riously made en and under box and bag
gage cars. In atase*. on bronco back, and
even on the cowcatchers of engines, which
last method was^his favorite until a re
cent experience put an end to his desires
for that sort of excitement and nearly
ended life and travels ns well.
Thia is his vivid story of that night ac
cident:
the expr**r}pn of the face something that
¦promlfed to fill the void in hi3 life, and
away £e went, walking, canoeing, steam*
bnatlns and by rail on his Ion?; way acr.osi
the continent to meet the writer of the
letter. >
He has Just, passed through San Fran
cisco on what nwy prove to be tho last
lap of his rare for a wife.
All ft yeJ uncertain, for he has not
that great cu!d* to short cuts and open
»Marne- of barriers— money.
It Is A lonp story, this wife hunt of his.
and now ;i«*rde from his lack of money
there J» ar.oihr r obstacle in th^ way of h!s
nttaJnratnt of his darling wish and that
Js.his bashfulnrss.
lliat Is the reason that he elves his
*iory to the public. It !s not for all, but
for the one. that hoiells It. ire intends
that the avowrol oC his* affection herein
after set forth shall be a declaration to
thr lady of ,hJs hopet. and in this way he
makes the proposal that for a year has
been harging on his lips, which are all
unused to amorouH avowals.
IJke ro nrany thinkers, he fs hopeless
as a »penker. and has so little egotism
that, he has never told e\'en the lnter
ff tlngr wtory of hl.« life which now appears
for the first tlmfi In print.
As I oucstioned the mother _upon the
early life of this tnlfrma of nature I found
that from lnfancv music had a stranr*
What a curious pror'oler.i this Involves,
considered in the context of the entire in
tcilecturil structure of this boy. In Intel
lect, reason and judgment he Jg an Imbe
cile, entirely incapable of comprehending
the simplest conversation on ordlnnry
subjects, yet possessed of this remark
able ability »to retain and produce every
musical note that falls upon his sensitive
ear. Placed where the work of the RTent
masters could be hcarrl, what po?sibIHy
does not lie with the phonographic accu
racy of that memory and these ten sup
ple fingers?
This time it was a lively Scottish air,
and as the note? came faster, faster, ori«;
rpontaneou3 burst, ar.d Buddy was dan
cing about much as a young elephant
would cavort, all tho time clapping hi?
hand.? find prinr.ins until >.e spied KiUlnj:
In the doorway his favorite brother DieK.
for whom he made ntfaiSHtway and bo^;in
a systematic search through his pf>ckM:\
at last finding his reward! with which he
went off like a pleased child.
This extraordinary boy, possessing no.
knowledge; of music, and in his limited
world hearing but little, will sit at the
piano and the strange weird outpouring's
of an -imprisoned soul fill -the air with an
unknown wild harmony as his fingers ca
rets the key*. Sometimes;, but seldom at
request, thi.« creature will to his own ae
eompars!rr«»nts King with Qtiejar lnnrtlrru
late yrorCk of his own In a deep, full voice
which, though >f no great rargo, is full of
rare sweetness. He fang for us, and as
the rounded notes fell frcm his lips ire
forgot that our eyes wore renting upon an
almost repulsive Imbecile and we broke
forth Into enthusiastic npplau?c in which
the strange musician joined as he twisted
about on his <tool and Imitated our mo
tl'.-n by bringing hi* fat. puggy hands to
gether, then with a chucMe of delight he
turned again to hfcj music.
At our request that we should have
Eome music he arose clumsily and shuffled
along with uncertain step to the parlor.
There. • seating himself at the piano, his
fingers strayed over the keys; cadences
followed, broken, wanOorirg, yet full of
beauty and pathos, and as I listened I
could not but think that seme* beautiful
caged soul struggled for breath under
that ungainly form and undeveloped
brain. Will It ever gain Its freedom?
Perhaps not in this life.
N'o attempt has ever been* made to give
this boy any scientific teaching. He is en
tlre'y ignorant of a note; has never had a
Irrsnn in his life and har. no power to com
prehend It were he given one. But. blessed
with a memory which Is developed to an
abnormal degree, he is enabled by the
mere repetition of nn;s!c hoard but once
to reproduce the xtrnfns of the organ af
ter service or the distant song of the
schoolboy as he pecs his way, with start
ling fidelity, without a note missing. |
Possessing an affectionate nature, he
ehows a dog-like devotion to the mem
bers of the family, and In return never
falls to receive a kind word and caress,
which are to him as essential as food, for
his keen, nervous sensitiveness will. cause
him to burst into tears at the slightest
unkind tone or look. There must be no
dtscord3 in his worltf; all is harmony.
lo the present age— twenty years— he has,
and not unjustly, been regarded as an
Idiot, for his Judgment and reason 'and
even Bpeech rank with that xif a child of
two years.
' As we prepared to say good-by Buddy
was Induced by the bribe of more candy
to play* for us, but his mood changed now.
ar.d or.lv. , the memory at Ihe last n^n'lce
at chuccn was piven. "At the Cross" was
followed- by another hymn. "Rock of
Agfs," one of his favorites, and this time
he accompanied It with his own queer
v. ords.
,\s ro said gcod-by our hands wfre fill
ed -with fragrant mlcnnnrtte and our
hearts w«re full of an Inexplicable some
thing which . iVKponrtr-tl • to tin- fervent
"God bless yoi:" as we prrttf-A the hand
of th!s fker mother whr><b«;irs her bor
der cheerfully, a living example to the
impniif-nt, dTscoritffUevI cynic. As we
turr>e«l the corner a flood of mrlody float
ed through th«* windows and iv.er the
head,* oj the flowers was r>r>rne away on
the ever.Jns air. We went «>ur way In
silence, each j^e kins to solve the solu
tion of, this problem— thl:> « umplex. im!»e
tile. rhu£!$al phenomenon. ¦
3 if/ if. yi:iMBY.
' A'. preference for foods? Yes. He al
most; liv*-j» on fruit and vegetables, but
like a child, is fond of cakes and sweet*.
Actual physical debility follow* this
condition of mind. Consequently every
thing of a disagreeable nature Is kept
from him, and he now lives In a world of
his own with his "music, birds and flow
<rs; his very helplessness making him the
pet of the family; the members of which
arc Intelligent nn'd entertaining. ,
..Two of the brothers have until this last*
year been teaching school,, and the sister,
the only one at home, a bright, pretty
girl, takes almost enUr* charge of Buddy,
who Obeys her every wish.. She washes
his face, combs his hnlr and, tucking a
snowy napkin about his* n<rck. sets be
forejilrn his dinner, which she has cut for
him. for though his ton fingers csn exe
cute upon thr> piano that . which would
take other* years to be taught, yet they
fail to properly manipulate the knife and
fork; h<*#eats bis food after the manner
of Adam, conveying it to his mouth by
hfs finger*. N
influence over the child. Quletefi in a mo.
ment by melody, be it either vocal or ln
stnumental, a discordant note or harsh-
Bound would cause the tiny body to
writhe as with intense agony. Later,
when the years passed and the helpless
condition of this boy became apparent,
the fact that melodies followed when his
fingers touched the piano did not seem to
cause comment among- the members of
the family, but was accepted as a matter
of course. And the neighbors, who In
this country of stock farm and fruit
ranch are few and far between, would
listen to the music of that foolish Blair
boy as they called him, but Instituted no
Inquiry as to the cause of this phenom
enon. In the course of conversation I am
told that Buddy has an Inordinate love
for flowers, birds and animals, flying Into
a* paroxysm of rape when a horse or dog
Is punished In his presence. Chancing: "one
day upon his brother, who was killing a
chicken to be prepared for the noonday
meal, he uttered a cry as of physical pain,
and he hurried into the house, chattering
and E^stlculatlnR. As he became quieter
he rocked himself to and fro, looking at
no one and for hours refusing all food.
CALIFORNIA'S GREATEST MUSICAL FREAK. / AMERICA'S GREATEST MATRIMONIAL FREAK.
/
w?a*res It. limitation, too. that
foes almost without saying, ar.d that Is
that he travels honestly, paying his way,
unless for a freak or variety he takes,
for a short time, one of the unconven
tional methods by which tramps project
themselves across the landscape. Of
course. In traveling so much one ha* to
do something 1 t» vary the monotony, else
he woidd com* to be an Itinerant auto
maton, like the gentleman of color who
presides In the sleeping car and never
knows •what station or county tt Is. what
the name of the rtver Is. never feels more
than half sure what State he la In and
doesn't care where he la, as long as there
Is a tip In sight.
But canoeing Is Ide's favorite way o*
covering distance.
Then at the happry time when he has
• finished a season's work In Minnesota
and starts to float down to the gulf he
permits himself the luxury of some bag
gage, and with a companion. If he picks
up a congenial one. paddles, sails and
drifts down the meridians and across the
parallels of latitude.
There Is a freedom on the river that ob
tains nowhere else. The river people are
cosmopolitan, for they see much life la
passing, while the decadence of heavy
river traffic has at the same time separ
ated them frem the hurry and bustle of
the world. The country Itself which bor
ders the margins Is returning to a more
primitive condition, and all life Is seen at
Its best. Fertility of soil Is a natural
consequence of the flowing river, the yield
of fruit and vegetables makes the farm
ers liberal, and ono may always have for
the mere asking a bounteous supply from
'the gardens and orchards that lie behind
the willow veil.
I Mr. NefC has not only canoed on the
Mississippi and its tributaries, but has ex
tended his voyages beyond Xew Orleans.
THE SUNDAY CAI/U
V, X Tulare County, under the sr.adow of
|! the Sierra Nevadas. ir: a little home
t> mad» beautiful with flowers and sun
shine. In a world of Ideality • of p<»are
and of harmony, lives a strange chi'.d
iran. We toss our bridle to the boy and
ir.ake our way through the old-fashioned
pnrden whrre hollyhock ar«i sunflowers
nod with neighborly intimacy, where mig
nonette sh^ds on incense in our path anrl
aisles look up saucily as we pass, and
ascend the steps, where we an? welcomed
¦with true country hospitality by sweet
.faced, Ellvery-haire-1 Mrs. Ulair.
I "To speak with ray boy?" she repeated
,in answer to my request. A moment's
hesitation, :h»>n she led the way over tlM
v'.r.e- covered veranda through the hall to
the back porch, where we found him,
seated in h!3 favorite rocker, "swaying "lils
' body to ai:d fro In time, to a peculiar
musical cadence whici: sremed strangely
cut of harmony with the liaif-clo.scd eyes
fcnd the vacant grin of idiocy with which
he noted our presence.
"How do you do. Buddy? See. I have
/".rouKht you some candy." "Buddy liken
randy." said the mother. "Buddy Iikea
candy," he echoed as he held out his hard
for th» sweets. Truiy nature has strange.
(fancies; she is both kind and cruel.
\ This child-man, chosen by God to be
cro'nted with the holy chrism. Is Buddy
jBIalr; the baby In a family of ten. Vp
6»p*:*jm»
who would make their living in the ring.
"Play fair with the.' public, for It is the
public that supports you. It's your bread
and butter." . •
If we divide the spinal cord of a frog
and irritate the foot the leg will be moved.
Rfter. the. fashion In which the uninjured
animal would -resent being tickled. Here
we have separated the brain from the
feet, and yet control of the muscles of the
leg Is not lost. That which tjie brain does
In the frog apparently is not so much to
carry out movements, but to Initiate and
control them! If a frog's legs be allowed
to come in contact with some weakly fr
ritating fluid the Ieg3 would naturally be
withdrawn after an — '
Interval. Time after
time the action will
go on, till we can i3§|sl»
gauge fairly the pe- aHWj^H
rlcd which .will jSM&iL^
elapse between the
withdrawal of the ,
legs and their de- Sj
scents.' If, now, the IB
spinal cord be divid- ;;W^
ed below the brain, «mS' w
we find these move
ments much accelerated. Tliey pro
ceed at a quicker rate, because the brain
control Is removed and the mechanism of
the animal is leff, as it were, .to. run wild,
like an engine from which the Influence
of the flywheel has been removed.
But we may find evidence that the
spinal cord of • the frog may control ac
tions in a fashion that would almost lend
belief to the idea that It Is much more
than a mere brain deputy. Cut off a
frog's head carefully, so that there may
be as little disturbance of parts as is con
sistent with the performance of this op
eration. We have removed the brain, of
course, and all that is left in the* body of
the chief nervous sysiem Is the spinal
¦cord. Now place a drop of acetic acid
on the inner side of one thigh of your
headles frog and you * .1 see the animal
raises the foot of that leg In «.!, endeavor
to wipe the acid off. This Is a weh-known
experiment and its .teachings are singu
larly instructive. -
On such a principle of the division of la
bor we are bound to find the varied ways
and works of the nervous system car
ried out on different levels, as regards
the importance of the dutle3 performed.
Now. It happens that the spinal cord
which runs through the middle of the
backbone, within which. It is protected as
within a bony tube, io really a kind of
brain deputy In many respects. It acts
on the whole as the confidential servant
of the brain, but it also possesses an Inde
pendence of Its own. Its duties are of a
lower nature than those discharged by
the brain, but they are none the less es
sential for the perfect ordering of tho
body's welfare. Even If- the head offlco
be singularly well organized it cannot ex
ercise Us functions piorerly in the ab
sence or Inefficiency of the sub-office, and
the special cord is really a series of sub
offices which carry out many actions
which otherwise we might be tempted to
credit to the share of the brain.
We see a very dtstinct reflection of the
duality of our vital state In the very ar
rangement of our nervous system. The
chief masses of that system, as every one
knows, consist of the brain and the spinal
cord, and a second system of nerve masses
called the sympathetic system also exists
and is found lying as a double chain of
nerve knots or ganglia down the front of
the spine. Xovr. it is evident that as the
brain is the most Important part of the
nervous apparatus th» spinal cord and
the sympathetic system must together oc
cupy a secondary position. This lsunnues
tionably the case and the plan on which
: our nervous affairs have been ordered
represents the well-known principle of th3
"division of labor." With a complex body
to look after our nervous system exhib
its a clear specialization of Its duties. If
there are parts in the brain whose duty
it is to "think" there are other parts
whose function it is
to guide our move- Hw
rr.ents. If there are jE&* ,^P
groups of nerve cells jfijpsjSZ^'^
destined for the
purpose of receiving
rnfsiiist^ from tho E&^L
eyes ami ears, the Yg*rgV
"Intelligent dftpart- aSmNS^
ment" of the brain, fflB
there are other Jew Jw
groups that super- BS H;
vise the work of the ffl ffa^
trol our digestive -
proceedings, and that see to it that the
flutifs of the lunss are duly discharged.
A writer remarks that a freshly guillo
tined head has been known to make ges
tures of the mouth and to move the eyes
when a bystander taunted It. I have been
unable to trace cither the truth of the De
la Pomraerals story or the source of the
last named Incident, but there is no rea
son why both should not have been cor
rectly reported. Much* would depend on
the "rapid flow of blood In the case of tho
head of the guillotined criminal in respect
to the existence of movement or con
sciousness.
his execution and. informing him that it
was their desire In the interests of science
to test whether any degree of conscious
ness remained in the decapitated head
just after execution, asked him if possi
ble to give some sign or token by way of
solving the pr/iblem, De la Pommerals
acquiesced in the suggestion and It is
said that, securing possession of his head
as It fell and preventing further hemor
rhage, the doctors shouted in the ear of
their former confrere demanding of him
to give some response. One of the eyes
was said to slowly open and shut, and
then all symptoms of life ceased.
there is nothing
to do but wait for the fight? I went
there to see Fltzsimmons defeat Corbett;
you couldn't pay me enough to make me
take that trip nRain. They were banking
on getting a lot of people and a lot of
money at that battle, but they didn't.
There were not 1000 men there from San
Francisco, and it's only twelve hours'
ride from there, as I recollect It, to Car-
Bon City. And every man Jack of them,
and all the others, too, made quick tracks
for the trains to get out of that place the
minute the fight was over.
But it's not bo in this city. Here a
man can come from far away; he can go
to the theater or to the opera; he can do
a thousand and. one things. to amUEC him
self or to Instruct himself, and he may
transact some business as well as see the
right. Bringing off these fights here
means throngs of people from Boston,
Philadelphia. .Cincinnati, Pittsburg, Cleve
land. Chicago and St. Louis, and even
from Kansas City. And they are all of
them looking for a good time and are
ready and willing to pay their "money to
get it. Doesn't that mean Something, fdr
the money Interests of the city?, _
.86 the future of prizefighting, I say.lill
depends on what we are allowed to do in
this city. ...
But what are we to do? "Well, I tell
you what I think should bo done. I can
sec no reason why good boxing is not as
good as any other sport, or is not as* hon
orable as any other profession, if it is
handled right and the men who' engage
In it arc honest
In the ' first place I believe the State
would go from here
or from anywhere
east of the Missis
sippi to Carson City
to see another fight?
I really don't believe
you could get a
handful. What man
is going to rtde three
or four days in one
car, stay at a place
where there are
nothing like civilized
hotels, and .where
places. And every
one of these sports, drummers and busi
ness men always spends his money freely
In this city.
Where in this country Is there a place
like Madison Square Garden for having a
good glove contest? You can't name one.
The good business man Is not ashamed to
go there; he doesn't have to sneak in anl
s!t in the cold or Intolerable heat while
watching a fight. Everything there i.-«
Just as nice as.it could possibly be. I
Faic' this Is true of a fight between b!K
men; I would sty. also, that little Terry
McGovern. if matched against a lad who
could give him a fight, -.vould also draw
people from all along tho continent," for
he Is a wonderfully clever lad and is well
liked. He's "on the level." too.
Now. suppose we can't have fights here,
what is to become of the game? No one
will go far to get to Chicago to see a
bout, because the lawmakers there will
allow them to battle for only six rounds.
Nor will they go to Philadelphia, where
the limit is the same. Surely the men
from this city who like a good battle will
not go into a car and ride for a day to
see two men buffet each other. The be^t
pecple here want to be able to get a good
dinner, then go leisurely to the Garden,
see the fight and be back In bed. or with
the family, by midnight, so they may be
up and at business the next morning, as
usual. But no more long trips to a town
where there Is nothing to be seen, where
there are no good hotels and where one
can't get a square meal.
How many persons do you suppose
Just think of the benefit these affairs
are to the financial interests of this city,
and then estimate how much money these
lawmakers are driving out of the city and
out of the State as well.
A flght In this city between two big.
clever, honest men will .bring sporting
men from all over the country. And busi
ness men. too. will come here to see it,
for the drummer, who is generally a
/Z9$ yport. having to
jnfp make a short trip
j/&£r±^Jts here, will put It
/^*5^3£? S -' ofT until the 'fight
C4 £*0* wl!1 come, and in
n Sv^V stead of staying one
/^5i?$vV * °- r :wo da - vp ne w!!1
eSsr^SL ~ ' remain a week or
JW Wi two * and if u is
fflr Sfl summer he will gn
£F C^ to the beaches and
Q^ W5sa the nearby watering
Of course. It all depends upon the men
who are In the Assembly and In th« Sen
ate. I don't profess to be much of a poli
tician, but it seems to me as if the men
In the Legislature, where the balance of
power is with one party, feel that tho
politicians in power in this city, who are
of the other party, are making too much
money out of the fights in this city. But
that's all nonsense, and those men of
brains should know better.
country- I can't help saying right here
there's only one city in this world for
me, and that's good old New York; give
me New York first, last and always.
I know that in that Corbett-McCoy af
fair there was a third individual In it be
sides the principals. Of course, the ob
ject was to make a bag of money In the
betting, but they were fooled at thRt. I
wan told to keep off it: not to bet my
money, as It had been fixed for Corbett
to win. I thought McCoy ought to win—
I think bo yet— so I put a small bet down
on him and, of course, I lost It. I didn't
pet to the Madison Square Garden until
after theTirst round, but as soon as I saw
the men come together 1 «.iM t-> p*« i
"That settles It; McCoy hfis been paid to
lose." Why, he didn't hit Corbett one
good punch. If was the greatest piece of
robbery I over knew of.
Now, as to the lepal end of It. I really
can't see why the lawmakers want to
take boxing out of the calendar of sports
in this State— and especially out of this
city. This is the greatest city In the
country: It's first in everything, and what
is done here will be copied all over the
comes the Walcolt-West affair— another
robbery of ever?" man who paid his money
to see a fight.
Many think Corbet t ought to rank sec
ond because he made such a good showing
with Jeffries. But you must remember
that for a long time Jeffries.had hilped to
train Corbott; he was his punching bag,
and so it was that Corbett knew all of his
defects; And ho was wise enough not to
start right in lighting him. but to keep
away for a time. Jeffries, I believe, woulT.
whip him, much sooner now, as he. Is Im
proving all the time, while the other man
Is going back.
Writing of Corbett reminds me that he
and t fought for the biggest purse ever
battled for. It was $25,000, and there was
$10,000 up on each ride. There was no
division of the purse— the winner was to
take till. I got a betiting; that's all I got
out of it. I sometimes wish I was fight
ing now, for with these clubs giving a per
centage of the receipts a first-class man
who Is always ready to fight could make
a barrel of money. But it's too lato to
think about that now; I've had my s.hare
of the glory and money, and my time has
gone.
In ending I want again to say to all men
About the mrn who are in the top row
now I will say that Joffries Is young and
strong, and it doesn't seem to me as if he
would be beaten soon If he. takes good
cp.re of himsolf. Old Fitz Is a wonderful
fighter, and there's no getting away from
that fact. I don't believe that after this
last thing Corbrtt will ever amount
to much in the ling. As for McCoy,, he is
young and he's a good one if he is on the
level, and It may l,e he will he able to re
instate, himself In the, good graces of the
public. The American people are good;
they arc willing to stand for some shabby
treatment, and are willing to forgive and
forget. Nobody appreciates that fact
more than myself.
purse. There are plenty of these fellows
who have no better sense than to put
themselves in Jeopardy. It would make
lively, work for the police and the sheriffs,
but I think they would rather sleep.
£-j* he was struck .in
Hj * the ch^Pt by a par'.
W rtRS^ of a shf'11, th" mls
/&s'l[ 3 sile tearing the chest
J«B I a k** 1 open and wounding
qlS*! «* th ° hPart - Kinglake
fe^\ gives a praphir ac
/Ol£fe;&, count of the inci-
JSF e^ "The sword," he
iBr S says, "dropped from
B Jg< hiaj hand, but tho
««» arm with which ho
was waving it the moment before still re
mained hlerh uplifted in the air, and the
grip of the practiced horseman, remaln
inpr as yet unrelated, still held him firm
in the saddle. Missing the perfect hand
of his master and finding the accustomed
governance now succeeded by the dang
ling reins, the horse all at once wheeled
about and began to Rallop back upon the
front of the advancing brigade. Then from
¦what had been Nolan— and his form was
still high and erect in the sRddle, his
sword arm still high In the air— there
burst forth a cry so strange and appalling
that the hearer who rode nearest him
called it unearthly. And In truth, I Imag-
The first point to which attention may
be directed Is the collecting of evidence
regarding the immediate effect of severe
anil mortal Injury on the subject thereof.
One of the best known Illustrations of the
fact that such injury does not produce
immediate death, or at least that absolute
cessation of all movements which we pop
ularly recognize as the main feature of
life's ending; is that afforded by the case
of Captain Nolan. The . captain headed
the famous charge of the Light Brigade at
Balaklava. In the course of his duties
tended far beyond the usually accepted
state of death. Kvldenee Is accumulating
of the- most surprising nature to prove
that life frequently exists after supposed
death has occurred, much of which is both
Interesting and highly Instructive.
And aftPT all this some of these fellows,
•who know no better, are .trying to drag
boxing back Into the rot where It was
when I took It up and made it fair, honest
tr.d above board. The worst of this, too.
Is that the future of the sport rests with
these same fellows. If they go on trying
to deceive the public they will find their
pame cut very short <1&
Indeed. It is up
i!,cm to show
nhrther the public JE^SIs*
! • '¦ v. s in ! h< m, has jMi>gjKi
'.-.¦..•\i In tl:<m. or M£&£&^^
whrth'-r it scorrit /^SrwaP* '
them and r<-fu-<-s to *mSPmk
co and see tlu>rn §£
la «11 the time that W »
to recollect any flgHt ***
that was anything like the Cofbett-Mc-
Coy fraud: nothing: that was so barefaced^
and deliberate. Of course, there have
been times when, one : an being
efra!d to meet another on the turf,
there would be some disagreement
ebout the referee, or about the purse or
FonicthJr.ff that would prevent the men
from coming together: but nothing like
U'-ttlns into the ring and making believe
to fight— Just acting like two monkeys.
None, at least, that I can recollect. Then,
rit hi en the heels of the other fake.
I don't want to throw bouquets at my-
Fc2f, but I will cay that I did much to
make these men and make It possible for
them to earn big money. I took boxing
cut of the filth of disrepute and made
Fomethlngr of the frame. I drew the good
men. the business men, %o the fights, men
•who under the old conditions would not
care to mingle with the crowds that then
attended fights. And as a result yon will
pee roilJionaries. club members, men In
evening dress, at the rlngsi.de when they
relieve two honest men are about to bat
tle for the supremacy.
yir-n who want to earn money In the
ring are Fhortsishted when they take to
Fuch methods. Don't they know that
without the public and its support they
can't win enough to get a meal? Can't
they understand it is to their Interest to
treat the public fair and square and let it
have a run for its money? The public is
their bread and butter. Therefore I say
to these men, "Play fair."
I want to ray that, fn my opinion, the
fight tvtY-een Corbett and McCoy was as
bare-faced a robbery as was ever perpe
trated. The American public shouldn't
tolerate such proceedings: • no man who
loves to see a srood fight should ever go
agiMn to see men who were willing to de
peend to su<"h low
trickery f r the pake
of a few dollars. iSrejg*
career did ] hc?.T a
' ¦ . . • ¦ or a sugge* I n '£i«^
that I should ihtow SfM 1
a fiKht to an ir.- /'tCjtv'V.
f«rior man; I aon't g^y^^^R
b<"-'.icve the man lived t%3
who would dare to ££f 1J4
come -to me with lyr In
such an infamous Jy wt^.
proposition. All whj fl
kr.f-w me knew they
cou!d do r.o business with roe on such
lines; everybody knew I wanted to win,
for that's all there was Jn it for
me. I am getting \ my reward for it
n^w; that is the reason the people
f f this cour.tr>' have such confidence In me
t^-day: that's why I stand ?=o well with
all who follow th«" pport. and with thou
panfis -who never Faw a fight and never
rxject to. They feel that I was always on
the lerel-nand I was.
I have br-en asked to write about the fu
ture at prize-fighting or boxing. The sport
has received a few hard blows in the solar
plexus recently, and to discuss its future
intelligently it will be necessary to con
sider some of these happenings.
It car.not be denied that the revelations
about the Corbett-McCoy fight are upp*»r
m«t 5n the mind of the sporting public
ju^t nov.\ Of course, they have boen made
public property by the talk of two women.
I win have nothing to say about the wo
men. I was always ready to fight any
man that came along: I never differed
much ¦with a woman, and I'm not going to
begin at this late day. So we will cut out
the wonf'n.
Now that other fighters are accused of
dishonesty; now that the lawmakers have
rut an end to fighting in New York, what
BUtti more capable, from long experience.
to write of the future of prize fighting In
that State ar.d in the country than this
eame John L. ? Out of the ring for many
years, he has followed fighters and fight
!ne with wide-open eyes; he is interested
'.r.tcnsely in all that pertains to honest.
marly, Jrga! fisticuffs, and in the article
•which he has prepared he deals with his
subject with a breadth of view which
ir.rikcs every word he writes of more than
paFFir.g importance. Read what he has
to say:
Durlnp the twelve years that he he'.d
and defended his proud title of champion
of the world no one, not even his worst
enemy, ever rtared to whJsper that John
I* could have been induced by any in
fluence, no matter
how weighty, to lost? — ••faS'W.
a fight to a mar.
whom he could <;p- w^l^k
feat. The fortune 0$!*^
¦which h<» tron wU)i l@ffitt.
his brawn was *SwflL
earned honestly; not CT^S
e penny of it came jff ¥Jl
by penr.ittir.s en in- Ef S
fericr f.phter to win M "R
frora him. As he • •
himself eays, no one
would have been Indiscreet enough to
even have suggested such an unmanly
trick to him.
mirers which prompts John L.
Sullivan to affix this line to his signature.
And the man who is still re^a^d^d bj
rr.ar.y ss the greatest ring fighter of mod
ern days may intend it an a bit of wither
ing sarcasm, now that some of the men
who fight for a part of their living— and
ore of them, he who hurled him from his
high pedestal — are accused of being any
thing but "on the level."
<=7^P LTVAYS on the level."
/s=\ It is a quaint conceit and a pleas-
II V> ir.p one. withal, to his hosts of ad-
Opyr'.pht. 1900, by Quail A -Warner.
I would put it In the power cf the ref
eree to stop a fight at r.r.y time he be
lieves one man is whipped. I can't see
what is the use of letting a ir-n stay in
the ring when his nose Is smashed, his
eyes closed, Ms ears torn and he doesn't
know what he Is doing. He's only a
good crowd.
Then the State should stipulate hbw
many rounds men J5(V
may bo allowed to «K3r
fight. To my mind S§^
there is r.o use of </f|^
having a tight to a OscP^Vj^y
finish: I would put CJP^lk
twenty-five rounds >pT$ll
as the limit. If twb iffijt'f
men are anxious to
fight it will not be M
hard to toll who is ffl. 'm
the better if they \*& v^
are both in the ring ~" *¦'' .
at the end of twenty-five rounds. Thnt
gives seventy-five minutes of fighting
and twenty-four minutes of resting,
in all ninety-nine minutes of as* harl
work as any man ever "put himself to,
and if one, man in that time can't demon
strate his superiority, why. they may. try
conclusions soon atrain and be sure, of i
should license boxing just as It licenses
horse racing. Make the men who are en
gaged In managing fights, and fighters
carry on the game on business principles,
paying so much to the Stale for the priv
ilege. Then there should be an official
referee appointed— some man like Charlie
White, who has proved himsolf honor
able, competent and fair and honest In
every way. Then orrly the best of man
agers should i>e licensed. One whom. I
should like to see directing the sport un
der such circumstances is Jim Kennedy,
who. to my mind, is the fairest, most up
right man that ever lived. Tom O'Rourke
would ( be another; he's th« same kind of
man. He has'made his mistakes, hut then
we are all liable to do that, and I am the
!ast one in the world to throw stones.
"The result of this is that to-day there
Is a scarcity of the fur-bearing animate
In "Western Alaska. The Indian, before
he realized It, was robbed of his meat
subsistence, and worse than all, probably.
Is the fact that in this wanton destruc
tion he has lost the animals that fur
nished him with the furs from which he
made his clothing. So It has come to pass
that durlns the last winter, while the
house was cold, there was very little
meat, and the average Eskimo had not
sufficient clothing to keep himself warm.
"It Is true that within the past two
years the Alaska Indian has had a great
er revenue from his furs than ever be
fore, but the Indian up there Is Just as
Improvident as tho Indian In any other
part of the United States, and so he has
nothing left with which to purchase
either food or clothing. To these condi
tions to a large extent Is duo tbo great
amount of disease and death that has
prevailed in that district during: the tf&st
year, and thus it can be said that directly
to the advance of civilization in Alaska la
jmhj due the present con-
Cfc«roa2k> dition of the Eskimo
and h5s threatened
jgOPHro extinction/'
* between' Paris and
Mj Berlin, which haj
3 ' %& augurated.was com
w pleted in June last.
'^A .^»The French and
•^^ German offlctals,
however, would not glre the line over to
public use until it had been thoroughly
tested. A conversation between Berlin
and the French towns cost 5 marks, e.x
<*ei>t In the case of Bordeaux, Orleans and
St. Etlenne. for which 6*4 marks Is charg
ed. Both the lines between Paris and Ber
lin and Paris and Frankfort tare double
and are constructed with bronze wire five
millimeters thick. It was originally the
¦ intention of both governments that the
telephone should be ready at the opening
of the exhibition. The German part of
the wire was brought to the French fron
tier In March. The French portion, how
ever, was not ready until Jana^ .
"To the advance of civilization Is partly
due their state, for It cannot be said that
the Eskimo has yet adapted himself to
the new conditions. While I was at Capo
Nome I talked with the census suver
vlsor. He informed me that many of his
enumerators who did the work in the Ko
yukuk district brought In with them sto
ries of an appalling nature. He said that
In several of the districts from the reports
that he had received he was convinced
that fully 60 per cent of the Indians had
died from disease and privation since the
enumeration began.
"In several of the sections that we vis
ited we found little Indian huts in which
there had been no fire for the entire ¦win
ter season. Wood was scarce; the head
of the family was either dead or 111 with
some of the many diseases that have been
rampant among the Indians of that sec
tion during the past season, and there
wa3 no one loft to go on a Journey for
wood. So through the long winter day
and night these impoverished people lived
In squalid poverty, with no fire to keep
the body warm or with which to prepare
a meal, should the
j^^ victuals be in the
f§tg3§&V house with which to
V^P&^ " Eut th!a ! * but
l^S^lw rre °' l^' e conrtl
jS^j^Ssi &$ tior.s that v.-e found
L Hrnfe among the Alaska
m ' \a Indians that would
Ej B make the h» art sad.
V 5 I Slnce^ the advent of
« jjj white men Into the
•41ft j I district In great
numbers, and the
consequent Introduction of firearms in
abundance, the Indian has found it a com
paratively easy matter to get all the guns
he wanted. It was not long before he
understood that powder and ball was a
quicker roethod of gathering skins to sell
to his white brother than the bow and
arrow. The result of this knowledge waa
that whereas in former times he killed,
as a rule, only a sufficient number of fur
animals to keep him in meat, with arms
In his possession he began to ruthlessly
slaughter large numbers of fur-bearing
animals, the meat of which he could r.ot
use and which he allowed to He on the
ground and rot. He saw the white man
do this, and gave no thought of the con
sequences or that he was not In the same
position as the foreigner whom he at
tempted to follow.
"The condition of the native Eskimos
in "Western Alaska is pitiful to behold.
During the past year disease has wrought
much havoc amor.jr them, and unless
some measures are taken shortly by th«
Government to better their condition It
will only be a short time until that race
of people will be numbered with the past.
During our travels, for my wife was with
me, we saw many touching, sights, some
of which are never to be forgotten.
thar C. Jackson.
J&S* president of thd *o
jgg£ 13^ ? %L Clety. went to Al*s
jBrjMjBif ka tn the Interests
fifsSBr v °* t * 1Q society, an<l
L JmS during the two
months of his «tay
jJSjSnclp there h« patd much
Sr nttentlon to the con-
J? ditlon of the natlv«s.
Kj 9% Among the nights ha
M Si witnessed In a num-
*^ Y#r of the small In
dlan settlpmenta alonpr the western coast
of the district and far into the Interior
were many that were heartrending and
told a tale of want and suffering that are
surely carrying the native Eskimo to hia
doom. Air. Jackson returned to Seattle
6n the Roanoke, and in an interview re
garding this subject, given at the Rainier-
Grand, he said:
In the work of research the- Alaska
Geographical Society has made extensive
investigations, and the above facts axe
the result of its labors. In July last Ar-
twelve months there has been a decrease
of fully 60 per cent In the number of tliose
who in former days were considered
among the hardiest races and who, in
sunshine or frost, were physically strong
and knew but very little of fatigue.
As a matter of fact. Investigations, It
Is said, show that the native races of th*
new realm of gold are fast dying off. and
at the same rate of decrease as In the
past two years it will only be a short
time until the Eskimo will b« only told
of in history or in the fireside tales of
those who have been the pioneer* In the
land of six months' night.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE more ' closely.; medical t scientists
'examine .unique cases : . brought Z to
their "attention the more ; firmly ; is
the impression implanted in their
minds that the line which marks the pas
sage from life to death is a very broad
one" and that it may be frequently' ex-
<jn? MONG the gTeat questions that are
// VV being studied by scientists in con-
J{ . nection'with the far northern dis
trict of Alaska is whether or not
the advent of civilization Into that sec
tion is making inroad3 on the native
races. Strange as it. may seem, within
the past two years the native population
of Alaska has-been decreasing, and by
those who have made a careful study of
the matter It 13 said that within the past
WILL ESKIMOS
DISAPPEAR?
onds, the arms still
Kg waving 1 frantically,
ygjfcfr, hu t with ever-less-
JBhk^* enlng sweep and
flflflmjgiw power, until the
\fr^^EJ8|L ' forces of the body
*^ ' fiHHm. collapsed, when the
MWy& heartless trunk top
' mfr pled over to the
A stances above noted
; — that'men killed In
"stantly,* tn the popular acceptance of the
short term.*. may continue, to "execute ap
parently .definite and ' purposive move
ments. A 'somewhat ghastly recital re
"fcrrlng to a" guillotined man has been gen-,
crally 'credited 'to the renown of the, Paris
School^ of Medicine, ' and relates to the
same curious" features that- mark : the* bat
-'-tlefleld.';; The, Parisian; case was that of
la Pommerals* who was guillotined
for >the crime of murder, by poisoning.
.The atory. goes that some of his con
freres jwalted oii la Pommerala before
G.L. Kilmer.', who passed through the
Civil War, in his turn gives an interest
ing: parallel case to that of Nolan. He
tells us that a sergeant In charge of the
Ninth, Corps of the Confederate works
east of *Plttsburg leaped on the parapet
and. with, his cap in his. left hand and his
gun In his right cheered his comrades on
ward. • A shell decapitated him at this
moment "as completely as a knife could
have done," ; says Mr. Kilmer, "but the
tall. form continued erect for some sec-
ine. the sound resulted from no human
will, but rather from the spasmodic forces
which may act upon the. bodily frame
when life as a power has ceased. The
firm-seated rider, with arm uplifted and
stiff, could hardly be ; ranked with the liv
ing. The shriek men heard rending the
air was scarce other than the shriek of a
corpse.' The dead horseman rode on till
he passed j through the Interval of the
Twelfth Light Drag6ons. Then at last
he dropped from the saddle."
It wouldn't be necessary always to have
the men evenly matched.- They could do
us I did— lot the champion, offer a purse
to any man who could stay. with him for
more than a certain number of. rounds. I
'always had J1000 up which said that I
could stop any man In four rounds; I
don't 6ee why the present' flrst-raiers
shouldn't do the same thing. Arid, by the*
way, I think I was the only champion
who ever did it. The result was I had to
keep In pretty good ¦
know but that some Bm&F^
day when I. was not /&&&
quite fit some fellow - *^e|5^
would come along frlM
and win my roll. '¦ <3uL
| These are my'ideas . , gjgfl& .'¦.
for running the S&fim '
game, -and I flatter " JSr B ' ¦
myself they aren't ' ; ; W ' «^ :
bad. As It la now ff : w^'
there's no. chance at '"'^^
all. There's nothing : •
'in' It for two men^tci go/ !nto > a
• room and fight; the public isn't thero
and there's no large amount of money
for them to fight fcr. It might be
well, enough to eatisfy a grudge, but to
make a living it won't do. And I am much
afraid that If something; Isn't done 'soon*
you will find pome of these fellows going
back to the old trick of ' sneaking' into
some barn away In the backwoods ;¦ and
'battlijpg without gloves for any "kind 'of a*
I would not have more than one fight a
¦week in any city. Of course, even at that
rate It would be impossible to provide tip
to'ppers all the time to entertain the peo
ple; you couldn't have charrtpions battling
all the time, but you can get lots of good
second class men in all the weights who
can put up a good enough contest to at
tract a crowd and 'give them a good show.
punching bag for his opponent under such
conditions, and the spectacle is a revolt
ing one. He's a target that any black
smith could hit and I believe the referee
should decide It then and there.
"With a facility that might surprise some
of those who do not appreciate "The Hlg
, Fellow" at his full worth he -wrote this'
article In. an hour, stopping occasionally
,in a mental research for. the right phrase.
Ho was seated at a desk in the rear room
of his saloon on Forty-second street. Out
.side were several of his friends; constant
ly, the attendant was coming to him with;
Hie remark that one or the other cf them
, wanted j him "to have , something." On
. each occasion, he took .a. cigar.. He' says
'he has stopped his battles wlth : John Bar
leycorn, Who, he admits, Is' the most juc
' cessful "knocker-out" he ever encoun
tered. And there is not a man,who knows
: John . L. ' Sullivan, ,;'al ways on, the ; level,"
who does ; not hope he will ~ never change
his mind. , ; . HUGH J. BEIRNE.
THE FUTURE OF PRIZE-FIGHTING
7The riddle was solved after years of ex
perimenting:. It was found -that fibrous
magnesia would stand high degrees of
heat without becoming too hot for the
contact of the body of any one who might
be resting upon it. On a sheet of fibrous
magnesia one can take heat up to 400 de
grees without being scorched.
There. are several claimants for the
honor cf inventing the human bakeoven.
However, the credit is generally given to
Mr. Spiague of Rochester, N. Y. The
three large human bakeries are called
"Sprague Hospitals," after this inventor
of hot air cylinders. In fact, he is .re
sponsible for, a new word in medical
nomenclature.- In many hospitals where
patients are baked the process is called
"Spraguelns."
¦'¦' t , „
separated from the middle or steel cylln-
der by a space connected with three fun-
„ ¦ ¦. , .,
tlon of flues, carry off the products of
combustion while the body Is being baked.
Within the sheet steel c^inder is another
spacc one nch and a half in width wh ch
separates it from the third cylinder.wh Wh
is of brass.and has numerous circular
perforations to allow the air hat is heat
cd by radiation to^be sent In tiny Jets «er
the occupant or tne o%en.
The central space-technically called the
circulating Jacket-is connected with three
i^lSSiiiW
xh M* rork ribs orevent the patient's
These cork ™s^ e" * ln contact
body or hands from "^J" «™ um
iy a layer of asbestos. At eltner ena oi
* cyi lnder and level with the bottom
extensions ot wood for the head and
J™J«ten : T^-cyllnders
Jegs> Tfaa
¦£ extenslons are only on th* body
w ° e toe , and „„ n^ine*
«g»« • . ' a door
"^ meta, t wh!ch allow the
see' the poaltlon of t^ inclosed
niacnlnes are B0 arranged that
b adjusted at any angle.
Before a patient is baked the tempera-
SiS^:5S^t-?srs
with the baking Is that at times the tea
perature of one's body is actually raised
five or six degrees. In cases of fever thl*
The arm and leg ovens are very popular
out at the Southern Pacific Hospital. Th 9
Attendant helped a rheumatic old gentle
pIaCfl , n ..^^
Bridget put in the leg of mutton." he said
jocosely. He was taking what is called
,taM- bake. but although it was th.
knee only that needcd bakinff the heat
wa, so intense that tiny streams of per
gpimtion dripped all over the Coor. Th3
heat was turned on to 500 degrees, which
0^^^ £
Singer and Sts 7/ses*
In a hundred thousand farmhouses the
essence of Jamaica ginger is regarded as
one of the most valuable of family medi
cines. It is still used with sugar in the
cold water furnished to haying hands for
drinking. It makes a. wholesome beveraga
for any one in hot weather.
Persons of weak digestion will find a
few drops of^the essence useful If taken In
water before breakfast without sugar.
Ginger tea, made from the root. Is of
service, like catnip tea or sage tea, to
produce perspiration in colds, or to stimu
late the system after exposure. It Is
more palatable than the decoctions o£
sage and catnip. •
In toothaches a bit of root ginger chew
ed slowly will remove the pain and maka
one comfortable till a dentist can be con
sulted.
Nearly all the good effects of alcoholia
<n the apparatus. At the lower part of
the central Kpace— where the body is
placed — are numerous tubes running down
and between the gas burners, these tunes
sucking up fresh air from the room to
•replace, the hvated and moistened at
mosphere driven out at- the too of the
machine. In thio way there !s constant
It be found that the condition of the heart
or lungs will not Justify high degrees cf
heat a low^temperature is ordered, and
vice versa. The patient is wrapped In
dry cloths before beiirg placed in the
oven; the machine is Jhen closed, the
head, however, being left out: the feet
are Inclosed In heavy canvas, w-hlch is
connected with the machine by air-tight
fastenings: the shoulders are also in
cased in canvas and the rest in a species
of .vestibule which allows free play, to
the heated air.
A trained nurse Is In constant attend
ance during the baking and the tempera
ture, respiration and general symptoms
are carafully watched. Two hundred
and eighty degrees is the average heat
applied and it is endured about an hour.
In certain cases, however, much higher
temperatures ar« required. In som*
conditions from 350 degrees to 400 degrees
Fahrenheit are necessary. Heat at these
high degrees Is not so very pleasant. The
body seems to be literally roastins. The
blood at 3G0 degrees seems actually to be
boiling and can be felt to be coursing
through the veins at racehorse speed.
The heart thumps wildly, or else seems
to have disappeared altogether. Bags of
Ice are constantly applied to the head
the sea of perspiration which flooded
everything, "i inherited my grandfather's
gout and until I struck this bakeovea life
wasn't worth living. Since I discovered
th?s oven I've forgiven him hi3 appetite."
People have been baked ever since the
days of King Cannibal I. but It is only
since the invention of this modern oven
that they have lived to tell the tale.
f :."X*he " crass • perforated cylinder, which
forms ;th*e^Unlng ; of thV treatment cham
ber, is "covered * by,' ribs^of cork, running
lengthwise, at intervals of 'one Inch apart.
when . these . degrees ; of heat are admin
istered. r Sips o^ Ice water are given
from" time 'to time." '
¦_; A . very remarkable fact la connection
¦tlmulants can be secured from ginger.
But the so-called ginger habit has to b«
guarded against. So has the cayenne pep
per habit.
•ft Jj" Off would you like to be bakc.3
11 11 Over 3300 people in) the Unito-1
BUites have already been baked
alive. It's the lale.-t In mcdleel
Human bakeries cro being established in
th«s iaige cities for thore who are inclined
to be baked alive. It is possible to be
baked right here In San Francisco.
The Southern Pacltie Hospital was the
lirs t one in San Francisco to put in a
bakSrip; plant. Several other hospitals are
planning bakcr:^?. av.& Dr. Wlnriow An
dcrs-on hr.* r.!roady purchased the appa
ratus for a human bakery to be installed
In St. Win'f'td Hospital.
The bakery cure v;as first looked at ask
ance, but now even Bellevue Hospital,
New Y«rk City, ore of the most conser
vative Jiisiituifon^ in America, has in op
eration a full-Elzcd bakinsr plant. Three
large buin&n bakeries are in operation in
Chicago., Npw York and Philadelphia. Th«s
baking of human boinsrs Is the s=ole busl
xk-?s of there institutions. ..-_»
P-akir.g: machines are something new
under the fck-ntinc sun. though the ap
plication of hot air as a therapeutic ag?nt
Is an '¦Id Idea. But modern science has
contrived an oven in which an astonish
ingly high degree of heat can be admin
istered.
A i;at!rnt ran be baked without roasting
the fi.^rh tip to IM degrees Fahr., which is
l^S degrees above tho boiling point of
water. It !s not usually applied r*.t such
a high degr<^<?. but in extreme case? It
onn be adriinisicTVi without the slightest
dancer to the hurn. - «.n system.
It's a cr<"'pv idea, tbls, of being balled
aliv«>; but arcnrfl!;i.^ io there who have
tried :t it's a b^r^ed relief for gout, rheu
m.-uU:n. inJlpnrur.atirin ;:nd all forms cf
nouralfric p.r..1 coi:r«»Ktive j>a!n.
Out at the Southern r # i<o!fie Hospital
the:c 1p one patient who has been put 5n
tin- body oven and l>:ik<?d through and
through. "Roasted Jim" Is the ;itle he
has earned by playins tlie human loaf,
'"lioatted Jim" is an ex-ersjrim-er who is a
bit stiff :it the joint?. so they put him in
the oven to foc whether baking- would
east them. . "It did. you bet!" says
"Roasted Jim." "When they showed me
in. let down the top nnd then opened the
lever I thought I'd set a whiff of Hades
come.
"It is a ticklish position. I'll tell you.
I'd rather run an engine round death's
curve with whiskers on the track. You
feel a* If your head and body had parted
company, and you don't know Just how
you'll come out from the neck down. I
was afraid my soul and body would roast
to glory and leave my bead lopping on
the pillow. "Let her run easy," • I said
when they turned on the heat
"After the first squeamishness wore off
I got as Interested as the nurse In tbe
temperature, breathing and rest of it.
Up to 150 degrees it was easy as on the
level, but after that I began to run dry.
I could have drunk the water box dry,
but the nurse cave me little sips of water
—Just enough to tantalize.
"At ISO degrers I was swimming in per
rplration. The heat seemed to squirt on
me In tiny streams. -Then ray legs got
numb and my feet pricked and felt ex
actly at if they'd gone to sleep.
"Then I began to get dreamy. I was tak
ing 21S around Tehachapi. with Dusty Bill
feeding her. I was sJeepy, awfully sleepy,
anfl I knew we'd ride straight Into the
jaws of death If I gave way. And there
were 800 souls on board., bound to smash
Into eternity if I didn't keep awake. There
was a blank, and then the train went
pounding over the track and I saw SO0
mangled men, women and children writh-
ONE SPIDER CAUSED A LOSS OF TWO THOUSAND LIVES.
* = jf=3 RIFLES, and sometimes queer ones
jj at that, have been the cause of
Jl nanya frightful catastrophe. A
fire which wes directly re
sponsible for the loss of more
lives than any other single conflagration
originated through the vagaries of a
Etray tarantula— a species of huge, hairy
spider peculiar to South and Central
America. The scene was Santiago, Chile,
and a grand religious festival was taking
place In the principal cathedral. The
building was a pea of drapery* flooded
¦with every variety of Illumination.
Twenty thousand silver lamps were In
full blaze and th t acolytes were busy
lighting the 2000 tapers on the grand altar
when the errant epider skipped Into the
central aisle and alarmed. a woman, who
ecreamed. The acolytes, or some of
them, looked around to learn the cause of
the commotion, and one of the naked
lights they carried cane In contact with
the drapery of a colossal figure of the
Virgin. A ' fe^f minutes' later the vast
cathedral was a raging-furnace, in which
were being consumed , more than 2000 , per
sons — the elite of Santiago, society. . .
Recently the ancient Swan Hotel in
Ipswich, England, was destroyed by a
fire : which originated through rats ' gnaw-
Ine lucifer matches."
The sudden appearance . of a hilarious
mouse among the occupants of the gal
lery of - the Victoria • Theater, "West
minster, boxing night, 1S5S, started a
panic which resulted In the death of fif
teen people.
A" mongrel cur strayed on the St. Leger
course some year ago Just as the field
swept by. Seven horses came down In
a heap and of the jockeys who were rid-
ing them five were hurt, three seriously.
-_ To win a bet ; of twopence, ' a; little • pit
lad, employed at the Ferndale colliery 'In
the Rhonda Vall&y, picked the pock of
his safety lamp with an ordinary; hairpin.
He himself." with -nearly 200 of his mates,
perished in' the explosion which: followed.
At Shoeburyriess, fifteen years ago, ac
cording to an article appearing V : In
the ' New York . Press, Colonel Francis
Lyon ' Invented ' a ¦ new kind of sensitive
fuse for big caliber shells and invited
several gunnery experts. to; be present at
the" trials."* On the night prior to the day
on which the, experiments were to > be
made he , locked the , fuses* In ¦ a shed \ In
which were' some fowls. The chickens
started scratching, as la .their.' wont, "and
the dust flew up and 'settled' 'oh the
threads of the screws of the fuses.'" When,
next ' morning: . the gunner (started:?: to
fix one to a live shell, the : missile ex
ploded, killing ; the operator, the inventor,
and five other persons. ' , .
Burrowing rabbits so weakened the
foundation ; of -a' tall : chimney at Cleck
heaton.: Yorkshire, 5 ' that It fell, crushing
to death fifteen people.
. A v gypsy ;; boy, son ' of one of a party of
hop-pickers, , drank : of • a ; Kentish ' spring:
while suffering.* from ;tvphoid -fever.' x The
Bpring happened to be one of several from
which drew ' Its water/ supply
and s.a * terrible u epidemic, causing
deaths of scores of the Inhabitants^ was
the result.,, ¦¦
The Bhip Esperanza .was cast faway on
the 1 coast of : Chile through f a;tlny, toddler
of ¦ 6 : meddling: with the : compasses.': i She
had on , board ninety-seven .* persons an<J
all ; but eleven perished. : Among the saved
waSj the . Innocent cause of the, terrible
catastrophe,' . :
THE 8UJSDAY UAJLIj.
metal or other* substances As equally dan
gerous if applied locally.
TO BE BAKED ALIVE IS THE
LATEST MEDICAL FAD.
Ing up to me, ready to tear me limb from
limb. *
"Well, the next thing I knew I was on a
table and they were rubbing me. They'd
turned her on to 300 degrees, and my head
had jumped the track. After they'd
rubbed me and I'd rested I felt like a
new-born babe, and I went off into a
healthy doze. - "' . .• . •
"I can tell you, I came out of that made
-i/ver again. I'd been lumping with rheu
matism, and afier that roast I walked
straight for the first time In three months.
Since then I've only taken the leg bake."
. "'Roasted Jim" was given more than the
average heat, which is 2S0 degrees. Water
boils at 212 decrees, yet* this human being
was baked up to '300 degrees for over an
hour and yet his flesh' was not burned. ,
¦' '• ¦•.¦'. • ¦ » " ¦¦>¦'. . •
Since all great Inventions are the results
of small beginnings, the human bakeovens
have merely evoluted from the homely
mustard and flaxseed plasters or the heat
ed stovelid. Every one knows how ef
fective are local applications of these.
They are the good old household remedies
for the alleviation of pain.
They are good, but science wanted some
thing better, and tHte demand has at last
been supplied by these ovens, in which
human beings can be baked alive.
The greatest v difficulty encountered in
applying hot air at high temperature is to
avoid actually cooking the flesh of the pa
tient. Ordinarily if hot air, full of mois
ture and* unventilated, is applied to living
human flesh there is groat danger- of v
burning.- Dry heat "In the form of heated
The bakeovens for human ./beings ara
divided Into three forms— for the entire
body, for the arms or legs, and for tile
local application of heat. The principle
of - construction of all the r machines is
practically tho same. The most striking
difference is in the body machine, which
is naturallylarger and more complex,
having an extension for the head.
It consists of three metal cylinders sep-'
aratcd by spaces of one inch and one and
one-half inches respectively. They are
open at the ends from, the walls of the
machine. * *
The .outer cylinder is of sheet copper,
nickel plated and lined with asbestos to
prevent external radiation of heat- . It is
8There Is said to be 3ome physical resent
bianco between General Dewet and Par
nel. and those who knew the latter In lifo
claim that his character was In many re
spects similar to that of the sturdy Boer
leader. There Is also said, too, to be somo
mystery about Dewet's early life, and;
this Is one reason why th© rumor ha» r»
cently spread throughout Ireland that
Lord Roberts' present antagonist Is nono
other than Charles Stewart ParnelL
FOR THOSE WHO CANNOT SLEEP.
THE old tradition that tha hours of
sleep before midnight are hours of
"beauty sleep" means only that late
hours take away' beauty. Thousand*
of night workers will testify that eight
hours of sleep from 10 to 6 is wprth ten
hours taken after retiring at 4 o'clock in
the morning. Darkness is the proper time
for the sleep that does the most good.
It Is not well, to sleep in a room in
which plants are growing. Their food Is
carbonic acid gas. If they can live there
the room is a bad place for you to sleep
In. Besides, plants use up a good deal
of oxygen and .give off effluvia and pollen
irritating to the human system.
The soundest sleep is during the first
three or four hours after going to bed.
This has been ascertained by scientific
experiment, though most people think
they sleep soundest Just before the time
when conscience tells them to get up.
Insomnia often comes from overeating.
A little dieting may do more good than a
lot of doctors' prescriptions. More per
sons suffer from overeating than from
overworking.
Long, deep breathing kept up &s long
as possible by will power Is the most
generally recommended remedy for occa
sional sleeplessness. The main aim In
such cases Is to keep the mind from
thinking. This Is sometimes accomplished
by the strain of keeping the eve fixed on
some point In the ceiling or keeping tha
will fixed on the effort not to move evei»
the smallest muscle. Monotony will put
any man to sleep in spite of himself.
Most psychologists acknowledge that
deep study of any subject Just before go
ing 1 to sleep may result in something Ilka
a revelation as to some phase of that sub
ject, the mmd through unconscious cere
bration accomplishing wonders without
the assistance of the will. Passages to be
memorized should be rry.-i ;e'". several
times before going to be".
Sometimes the sleeplessness of cMldren
is owlne to excitation of the digestlva
organs. In that case it is a r.."»S plan to
allow only vegetable foods at ina «veni2Sf
meal.
DEWET, THEY SAY, IS PARNELL
THROUGHOUT Ireland there Is a
widespread belief that Charles Stew
art Pamell is not dead, but that it
Is he who Is now fighting against
Lord Roberts in the Transvaal under the
name of Christian Dewet. *
This extraordinary statement is mad*
by the Dublin correspondent of the Paris
Temps, and it was published in that paper
a few days ago. "Many people in Ire
lard," says the correspondent, "bellevs
that. Instead of dying, Parnell simply
withdrew from public life, intendlnr to
wait until a more favorable time arrived
for putting his cherished plans into exe
cution. This belief has now become so
firmly fixed in the people's minds that the
great patriot's tomb is to-day neglected,
though It was for several years a Mecca
for patriotic Irishmen and the rendezvous
of all the Nationalist societies in Ireland.
And, If Irishmen sympathize with the
Boers, a main reason is because they be
lieve . that the Christian Dewet who f*
battling with Lord Roberts is their own
beloved leader, Parnell.
they had great trouble to ret htm to out
off bis beard. It's a clevwr trick he's
playlngr, and won't England b« sm-pise3
when she finds the dead Parnell coming
back alive some years from nowl*
"I>urlns; the following forenoon," con
tinues the correspondent, "I met a Na
tionalist member of Parliament who had
been an Intimate friend of Paraell and X
told him what I bad beard.
"He was not In the least surprised. bu«S
he gave me a curious explanation of tho
popular belief that Parcell was stm alive.
•You know as well as I do.' bo said, 'that
we have Just bidden an eternal farewell
to the rreat champion of Irish liberty,
but It is our duty to keep silent when wa
find that the Irish people are so strongly;
convinced of his Immortality. Moreover^
we- must remember that Pamell. dead,
will not be able to stimulate Irish patri
otism In such splendid fashion as Par
nell, while llvlngr, was able to do. and,
therefore. It is well that he should still
live In the Imagination of his country
men.' "
"I was present at the funeral of th/»
great Irishman and I could not help no
ticing that there were mocking smiles on
the faces of very many persons in the
Immense throng. I expressed my sur
prise to a venerable patriot, who was
walking near me. and he whispered these
strange words Into my ear: 'It's a. dum
my we're going to bury and our leader
himself is following the coffin, disguised
as a "priest. The people even say that
* tres. What a feells* of relief eurna
over met Tops of tree* seem pretty
high and risky to a landlubber, but whea
you're been sullwgr a good many hundred
feet higher yet, there's a T«ry substan
tial sensation about stepping upon tr»e
tops, I
Only for a second X felt it, then I forrot
¦ rain, and th« first I know was that Z
was on tie earth. It all seozxed UTrs s,
scene In a play whtr* Z was
looking; on. bat bad no part.
HofT fell heavily upon his fsLcs and
jarred loose two of his front teeth, but I
didn't know er.oajh to co to his assist
ance. Z collapsed. Hoff asked ma
questions and I heard Urns, but I couldn't
answer. I was conscious that hs was
cutting ths rope* from mo and putting mo
on my feet and then Z obeyed him and
walked where he led.
That was back to th« park. FeopM
crowded around and talked and shouted
and congratulated, but I couldn't listen,
I don't know what they said.
Z guess 1 was a Httlo rattled.
safe Jump. After the romtn candle*
had ceased to gleam the darkness wu 33
thick that I couldn't realize my height.
even by looking downward, which I
didn't very often do, anyway.
People tell me that very few of thi
crowd knew what I was that was belnc
carried up In the rope. I rose so quick
ly that only a few noticed me before I
was ought of sight. Those that did
notice thought me a. sack of Band Wish
I had been.''
It seemed to me that I wu snouting
loudly enough for all San Jose to hear.
And I was barely getting tho attention of
the aeronaut, just below me.
Little by little we came down, and my
hands were, growing slippery and I
thought I could not hanr on until tha
ground was reached.
Hoff didn't call to me as mud* as ho
had. He was 'growfnr tired, I suppose,
and I lost confidence In both him and my
self. But I didn't care much any more;
I was tired, so tired that all I knew was
that It seemed as If somebody was forc
ing me to hang on and I didn't want to:
It was such, hard work, and I besgred to
be allowed to let* go. I don't know
whether I begged aloud; I wonder.
It was In an orchard that we cams
down. I felt something strike apalnst
my feet and I looked and*saw tho top of
I am told that the balloon waa a thou
sand feet above ground when it started
to return. I suppose a" hundred feet
would have made me as dizzy. "• It doesn't
make much difference to a '-, man : in my
position exactly what the distance is,- so -'
long as It is too great to be bridged by**
By this time I began to believe that h«
was helping me.. All I could do was t«
obey him and hang on. It was a han}
strain, but I knew that if I once let go and
hung by my foot I should probably not tx
able again to raise myself to an upright
position. You can eee the marks on ray
hands now: they are a souvenir of my
trip that I shall carry for some' time.
He called to me again and again while
he was letting the hot air put of the bal
loon, all the time trying to jolly me by
saying that I'd be on land pretty soon.
He- was frightened a little himself," but
he's more used to traveling between her«
and the sky than I am, so he kept hU
head better. He thought that I was tan
pled in the parachute ropes and feared
that my strength would carry It away.
This would have meant sure death to me,
he knew, and very likely to him, too, foi
after the parachuto drops the ballooi
generally capsizes. Very cautiously h«
went about the work of letting out thi
air.
lie thought it was a pretty serrous mat
ter, I guess. He forgot all about his own
fancy stunts and he called out to me to
hang on tight and he would save me. I
didn't believe him then. I was too fright
ened and too hurt to be sensible, and
somehow I frtt epltof ul and I had an idea
he was. saying that only to keep me still
so that he could go on with his perform
ance. They say that I kept on screaming
and begging to be set down- on the earth
once more, and I even promised to be the
man's slave ever after If he would save
me. It'8 queer' how a fellow talks when
he's rattled. It's a lucky thing the pro
fessor Isn't trying to hold me to my
promise. I guess he must be a good sort
of fellow.
The weight of the two of us had
checked the flight of the balloon, and Hoff,
looking about for the cause, discerned a
black object above him. At first he
thought It -was a piece of canvas or a
sack, but In a lull fn the fireworks and in
preparing to loosen his parachute he
caught my cries of "Save me! Save me!"
The fireworks kept up for hours", I
thought, and at last I began to wondei
v.hether they were fireworks at all. and
I remember that I asked whether the
stars were getting loose. The moment I
ftFked It I knew that I was losing my
head, and straightened up and began
again to shout.
ne— It rounded like c, rumbling, for I was
pretty nearly deafened from the shock.
ITS no fun to hang a thousand feet
above the earth when a dangling
balloon rope Is the only thing that
holds you.
Aeronauts claim that they like to float
in midair. I have my doubts of even
that, but dangling is very different from
fl. ¦ at: t-.g- In a surely constructed basket or
a parachute. It's no fun. I say, to have
your kg tangled in a guy rope and to be
jerked all cf a sudden you don't know
¦» here.
It was llofT who was making the aseen-
Firn frnrn the l'ark in San Jose. He's a
oo£ aeronaut, I ruess; he must be. to
have saved me under the circumstances.
My unexpected trip Fpoiled his, and we
Loth came down tencthcr.
Thoro was the biggest kind of a crowd
gathered to see the ascension. Hoft* was
expected to be the star performer, but 1
think I v.as the whole show to toms spec
tators within tea seconds after the balloon
started. I couldn't hold the stage until
the end. though, for Hoft was a brave
follow and rescued me at the risk of his
own life, and he gets the credit he de
serves.
The- balloon made its ascent at night,
and a great spectacle was promised,
roman candles were to be put off by Hoff
after he was well up In the air, and the
r.ovclty of this drew lots of people who
don't usually care much about balloon
ascensions. As many as two thousand
roople. I am told, were gathered about
the spot.
There were a lot of curious fellows who
came close to the big airship, and I was
rr.e at the crowd. If I hadn't had so
much curiosity I'd npver have taken my
sky ride. There's no use talking about
"lfs" now. though, is there? I had to go
and "rubber" with the rest of the lot,
and that's how I came to be picked up.
Hcff was going through a few flourishes
bjr way of preparation. I remember
watching him and thinking 1 he looked like
a pretty Eturdy sort of a chap, but he
didn't Interest me as much as his flying
machine did. The gas bag and the basket
end the rcpes and the parachute were
new to me and I looked at them all close
ly and was so much Interested In them
that I didn't pay much attention to any
body around me. My pockets could all
have been picked clean and I wouldn't
have known the difference. As It proved,
I could have been carried off myself and
not known the difference.
Somebody put up a practical Joke on me,
I believe, and you can't make me be
lieve anything different. I know my foot i
could never have been caught In those
ropes so firmly. I am cure now that I
felt the rope being tied around my leg
b.1 the time that I thought somebody was
fumbling and trying to get hold of the
rcpe to help cling to the balloon. I was
pretty well absorbed and I didn't pay an?
attention to the fact that my feet were
mixed up in come kind of a knot.
After Hoff's flourishes were over and he
wr-nt about his business there was a still
ness came over the crowd. Just as if
somebody had said "Hush." and put out
a hand over the whole lot of them, they .
all were quiet. Everybody was watching
him or trying to — craning necks and push-
Ing and stepping over each other and
fquecz'r.g in between and lifting babies
upon shoulders. Hoff looked them all
over and waved his hand and rose.
At Use Fame instant I stepped backward.
That is, I started to. The ship went up
with a tig Jerk, and to my surprise I
found mypf-lf going too.
It seems that I was caught in one of the
ratlines from the bag of the balloon,
about twenty fret above the trapeze on
wh'^h HofT was seated. I grasped the
ropei with both hands and managed to
draw myself uj<. With the rope entangled
about my 1«-ks and body I perched there,
1'jFtily calling to Hoff to save me. At
any', rate I cm told so. I can't remem
ber very well that I called at all. and
I haven't the faintest idea what I eaid.
I know 1 wanted help pretty badly,
though, for I saw plainly enough there
was nothing! could do to save myself.
Try clinging to the rope I could keep my
self upright, that was ail.
Af the balloon' rose Hoff discharged the
roman candles he carried with him.
These played around my head and, I sup."
pose, drowned my voice. One of the balls
of fire struck me on the back of the
he-ad, making a bad burn and knocking
me almost unconscious.
Still I was not quite eo. I remember
hanging there with the balls and sparks
Fhowering all around me and with the
pain in my neck and with my hands
growing Ptiffer every minute. I shouted
as loudly as I could and nobody heard.
It must have been the noise) of the ap
plauding people below that came up tc
THE SUNDAY CALL.
9
HANGING
FROM
A BALLOON
1000 FEET FROM EARTHSO here's to the captain's daughter!"
is the refrain they sing on board
tho Ersklne M. Phelps.
The captain's daughter is a win
so:r.e lass not yet seven years old. and her
name is Gladys Graham. She is the most
remarkable litt'e girl afloat. For the w^de
v.-orld around, the seven seas over, there
Is never a maiden with her record.
Around the world twice, acrcps the
*>quat<".r thirty times and nine times
around the Horn.
Think of that, you landlubbers, large
and fma!!. Here is a little girl just so
high, v.!io calls th<* briny billows her
boin?. The Erskine M. Pfcelps is a.« fine a
nailing vessfe! as puts into this or any
other port. Wherever she gees, to near
or far tiMterp, the captain's wife and
daughter go along. Time v.*as when cap
trJn's wives braved the sea journeys with
their husbands. Nowadays it !s rather
rare for Mis. "Captain to go alonfj. Bairns
as j-our.c as Gladys Graham seldom if
ever went.
Little Gladys has ppent juat threo
months of her life en shore. Evcn.vrhen
the Balling vessel is in port the famliy
live on beard, so Gladys has never had
much chr.nce to try her little sea legs on
oarth. Her life is utterly unlike that of
children cf her age.
She saw the circus the other day, but
she's never known any of the lesser de
lights of childhood.. She can't play hop
scotch or prisoners' base. She's never
known the dizzy bliss of a swing or the
rapture of rolling down a grassy hill.
Even mud pics are unknown pleasures.
A c£etier to the entitle Girls f &J/10 4^e o/? J7?ors.
Dear Call— I thought I'd like to write a
letter to the Httlo girls who live on shore.
Perhaps they'd -^Ike to know . something
about a little girl who lives on the big
&eas. My papa pays you're just as- good
as Uncle Sam to send it by, and my papa
knows everything, 'cause he's a captain.
This is the way I write all my letters
just say them, and somebody else writes.
It's much nicer end you don't have to fuss
about spelling and things.
I was awful glad to be in San Francisco
during the celebration, 'cause I'm a native
daughter myself. I was born In Sausallto
and I'm 6Vfe years old, and I always get
birthday presents. I haven't been here so
very much, though, 'cause I've been so
busy traveling about. You see, I've been'
around the Horn nine times, across the
equator thirty times and all around the .
world twice.
It ain't very good not to have natural
curly hair, on board ship. It gets all
s-plaphed and blowed out by the wind. I
won't let mamma put mine up in papers
'eept when we're in port. I don't have any
little boys to play with on board ship. I
like them better .than girls, 5 but I can't
even have girls. Sometimes I play with
my dolls. I pretend that they are sailors
and soldiers, 'cause they know how to
mind. : ¦
I'm not a sailor any more. When I was
six my papa said, "Gladys, we'll have to
make a boatswain of you now.": He 'say's
perhaps I'll be a third mate in a year or
so, if I learn how to obey orders better.
But I don't like to mind very much, so I
guess I'll have to be the captain v
Sometimes '.we strike a '-. hurricane, and
oh, my! you ought to see- the ! way the
ship rocks. Hurricanes ain't v«ry nice
arid I'd rather bQ one of the little girls
in a safe little bed on land when they
come. Big storms ain't nice, either, but
1 don't get so very afraid. I hold mam
ma's hand tight, because I think it makes
her feel. more comfy. . . ; • '" ¦;
I like some of the sailors and there's
one who can tell fine stories. 'He's a
Frenchman, though, find his tongue gets
all twisted and then he talks with his
bands. But he tells the loveliest stories.
Borne of the ¦ sailors are awful ugly and
I don't like those.
Sometimes I wonder about all the chil
dren on land and how they'd like to bo
a child of the sea, "cause that's what
papa says I: am. My papa has lots of
swords and sabers and weapons from dif
ferent lands and I get down those that
are' not too heavy and put them on.
Sometimes I play that I'm leading a mu
tiny and let one of the dolls be captain,
but most always I'm captain myself and
kill all- the dolls with my sword. I don't
really kill them though. '
I've seen lots of things that you chil
dren* never see. Whales and queer things
that live in the water. Only I'm not
afraid 5 of ¦ them, "cause I'm a captain's
daughter. When I am growed up I'm
going to marry a captain. That's all I
cart think of' now. \
GLADYS GRAHAM.
P. S. — I like boys' clothes heaps better
than girls' drespes. ' :.
There was another sailor we hadonce
and papa used to call, him Rudyard Kip
ling 'cause he could read and was al
ways rcading.Kipling's songs of the sea.
I like Kipling- -much better than Mother
Goose, 'cause he's got ships and -sailor.-.
and soldiers In his rhymes. I can sing
"On the Road to Mandalay" -without be
ginning over once. . . ~
queen. 1 Tattooed Johnny Is his name, and
he had to marry the lady cannibal to keep
her from eating him up. Just as soon as
he could cscap<v from her he did.-andthe
next time he married a girl in- the South
Sea Islands, with lovely rings in her ears
and nose. Tattoced Johnny says she's the
last of, 'em; he den' t want no more wives.
Gladys Graham has 4 had more advent
ures crammed -into her short life, than
usually .falls to the- lot of three score.
She has . been In "the- teeth of the hur
ricane* when the -sullen waters boomed
and tugged at the* vessel. When all on
hoard-were sick with anxiety her childish
heart- knew no fear. Truly she is a
daughter of Neptune, always smiling at
his moods. -.;:¦_•
The Erskine M. Phelps has come out
the \-ictor in all Its struggles rwlth th»
sailor she gravely dictates a naive little
note.
Gladys would not change her four
masted home on the sea for ' the finest
palace, on 1 land. She U as proud of the
Erskino M. Phelps as her father, who ia
not only captain but part owner of the
vessel.. She .loves the spice and danger
ot being a sea rover Just as much as he
docs. - ¦¦¦¦. .¦-•_¦.'•..'¦¦ -
Gladys Graham Is very proud of her
voyages. The ship is about to leave this
port and' then her record will read,
"around the world twice, - across the
equator thirty times and ten times around
the Horn " ._ ¦ ..-
Baddest of all. she has not any playmates
to frolic and Quarrel with and kiss and
moka up.
p»t aiaiiM )im comnotuaNnn
¦S™«™«^r^ ? »i. « ¦«
There are games adjusted to the llmita-
tlons of shipboard that are as - Jolly as
those on land. Think of scrambling up
the ladders and hanging by her heels to
thA nmrti Th.n thurA »rA th» «nn r«
the rung5. Then there are the sailors
ever ready to spin their yarns.
Gladys Is a little cltlzeness of the
world. She has met them all, from the
slant-eyed Chinaman to the olive-skinned
Italian; from the fur-clad Eskimo to the
baggy Turk. She's been here, there and
everywhere, and seen men of all climes
and colors. •
This little girl of the sea is very differ-
ent from her sisters on shore. In her
muslin frock she looks just like any other
dainty flower of childhood, with a wisp
of golden hair, eyes as blue as a southern
sea and cheeks as pink as coral. But
Gladys resents petticoats as badges of her
misfortune In not being a boy, and rebels
against . them. A pair of overalls, : a
Bweater, a.cap and even then she must
needs buckle on a weapon of. some kind
t0 ¦ *eelv completely emancipated from
dresses. '
It Is not alone this picturesque make-up
that distinguishes her and labels the child'
as "something different." Miss Gladys'
years on the sea have given her more
than a rolling gait and nautical vocabu-
i ary. Constant companionship with the
"grown-ups" has added an adult repose
of manner that sits oddly on ..her tender
years. ¦ •¦.¦'
Her grown-ups are not the usual.ones,
There is mamma," of course, who Is sweet
and gentle, and papa, who is a captain
"and knows everything." But then there:
are the BailorB who hail from,every port
from "Mississippi • to Clyde,", and it r a a
very peculiar budget of facts that they
have pigeonholed In the child's memory.
"There is one sailor I like very much*,'*-,
says Gladys. "He's been married twice, -
and the first time it was to a cannibal
elements, but Gladys has seen others who
have • been. tossed = by the angry waters
with nothing but a frail raft to save them
from Davy.' Jones' docker.. >
Gladys gnowswhat the sight of a sail
meaSs to the wave-tossed mariner. When
their ship picked up at party of four, a
-woman ami child among them, she faintly
realized how .fickle the seas are. On
beard the good ship .Ersklne M. Phelps
the unfortunates were slowly brought
back to health, "My, but they were
thin," says Gladys. ."Their bones poked
right through their skin, they were so
hungry. I had the best time the rest of
that voyage playing" with the little girl."
It is a strange, life this on the rolling
seas, and-a rather ~ pathetic ' one for a
child. Finny creatures , of the' deep are
more familiar to her.than children. She
has a wistful longing for childish cpmpan
ions that she does not.understand and but
half expresses. "I'll write a letter to the
little girls on land If you, promise not to
put In the bad spelling," suggests .Gladys,
and scrambling up a post as neatly a3 a
THE SUNDAY CALL,
10
SAN FRANCISCO'S MOST REMARKABLE SAILOR GIRL"That's why I don't like football
games," she says; "because I can't play,
too."
It was at Delhi that she attended the
famous hunt given by Sir Bindon Blood.
It was famous principally because she at
tended it. Some of the women stayed be
hind and the others went as spectators
all except Miss Leiter. She went to ba
one of the hunting party, for she is never
a spectator at any kind of excitement
where she can be part cf it.
And in the face of every protest she
went and worked and brought help where
help was needed.
"I am going, too," she replied.
Horses and merrymaking are not the
only phases of life that have held her at
tention in India. There has been famine
there ar.d people have suffered and died.
Lord and Eedy Curzon mads a tour of
the plague-stricken districts.
"You must have a good time while wa
are gone. Daisy." they said.
There was only one incident to mar tha
ride, and that was really no matter at all.
Daisy Said. As they came to a puddle of
muddy -water the elephant dipped la a
passing trunk, and its rider, not knowing
Us fancy for shower baths, wa3 not wlso
enough to prevent It. Splash, and a
trunkful of water doused the elephant's
face and Miss Letter's organdie into tha
bargain. Lady Curzon laughed and Mrs.
Lelter said "I told you so" when the fam
ily raet asraln.
How she managed to ride that elephant
nobody could ever guess. It Is supposed
that the Indian language is the only ona
to which an elephant responds, and what
Miss Leiter said to it she has never told.
JJut she handled the hanger like a native,
apd It accepted her prods in complete sub
mission. She drove it faster, and tha
mahout trotted hard to keep up and did
not then succeed. f
Daisy approached the elephant. She
etroked its trunk by way of first advance.
It regarded her calmly.
"I am ready to mqunt." she said.
The driver gave a command In his own
language. The elephant began to kneel.
"That isn't the way you mount," sha
! interrupted.
The servant stared. What could she,
mean? She surely would not mount aj
he did.
"I want to be lifted up by its trunk."
she explained. And she was. Several
ideas In 3uddh!st head3 were blasted la
that mement. :.. • '•
- Seated on the neck of her steed she- set
out with a dazed mahout trotting meekly
beside her and giving advice to the ele
phant in a feeble voice. The creaturo
that he had deemed his to dominate was
taken out of hl3 hands and was being 1
guided by somebody else, ajid all he could
do was to trot along beside and feel help
less.
maid. So she was relaxing a little from
the strenuous social functions that her
entrance into Indian life demanded wheu
in swept Daisy.
". •¦'/Give parties, Mary, parties," she de
manded. "More. more. This^ climate Is
the most Intoxicating. thing, I ever drank.
Let's dance, dance, dance."
"Whom 'do you want invited?"
"Everybody. The siout old officers,
plenty of them, to lend solemnity, »r
rather to lose, solemnity. And the gor
geous young .officers and those stunning
natives— have plenty of natives, Mary. I
like their eyes. They are like the eyes
of a red setter."
Miss Daisy, as well as her sister and
brother-in-law, showed a fancy for the
natives. What may have been policy or
kindness on their part was genuine liking
on hers. She admired their costumes,
their manners, themselves. They admired
her in return.
The balls were gorgeous affairs.. At
them Miss Leiter held center stage while
all the English girls who had been pluia-
Ing themselves upon their calcium effects
found that they- were relegated of a sud
den to dark wings." They merely formed
a circle about one smalt American who,
had entered from far-off Chicago Into all
the socIalJjstincUon^^a^ tfce
serious, gracious, lovable. When Daisy
arrived, India found her crisp, sparkling,
and lovable, too. •
The first thing she did was to greet her
relatives; the next was to greet a red
and gold gowned servant and Inquire of
him where those, gowns were to be had.
She wanted one. she said. Where did he
get It? Keady made in Calcutta? He
gazed a large brown gaze at her.
The days ar.d the weeks that followed
made Simla, Calcutta and Burrackpore
feel as if they had been overturned. The>
had marched on before in their own state
ly way, But now there was a small hur
ricane in their midst— a hurricane that
had swept over the seas all the way from
America and was sweeping up dignified
British officers and whirling them whither
it listed. Some were young and pride
puffed, .some were old "and pompous; all
of them were whirled, however, just as
giddily as If they had never known wha:
it was to be majestic.
Miss Daisy Letter had sw^pt social In
dia off its feet. There was no use re
sisting, for she wouldn't be resisted. She,
*.vas bound to go elephant riding by day
.ind dancing by night, and she was bound
that everybody else should do likewise. •
Lady Curzon UUes party -giving well
tune sprang up in the night and made
him a millionaire. He took his money
and his family and settled with them in
Washington. ' . '
There the ' attack upon society was
made. People looked on and said it
couldn't be done. They did not count
upon Mary Lelter's vast reserve force.
I By her beauty, her brain, her complete
charm, she won her way into Washing
ton society. She left this way paved for,
the little sister, who was to follow her
soon on the road to young ladyhood.
Daisy, had already made herself known
to Washington when she left. She had
already caused Mr. Lelter some mental
disturbance.
He Is a comfortable man and he hates
to have his peace upset by these uaugh
ters.' No sooner had Mary been taken
"off his hands than Daisy began to make
him trouble. Mary liad perturbed him
very much by marrying an Englishman.
He docs hope that Daisy will settle down
at home.
.So when the young lady went a-visltlng
in India and half a dozen engagement
rumors concerning her and half a dozen
British officers were wafted back .by
gossipy sea's, Mr. Leiter groaned half
a dozen times. It ?/us the same old
stor.v— oh, tbeae girls, tbts^ ciil&l
¦what happened, eossip had to draw upon
its own powers of .'nvention. At any
rate, Major Colin Campbell of the Central
India Horse Guards •' was Savored
later on and appeared to be a complete
usurper of Lord Suffolk's place as the
months wore away. And now she la
home again and Mr. Levl Lelter is kept
busy denying that there is any engage
ment at all and the men that
have sighed for her for more than a year
are brushing up their hopes again and
getting them ready to wear. 'However —
nobody knows.
Perhaps, after all, Daisy Lelter cares so
much for her horses that she can't find
quite enough room in her heart for a
man.
Certain it is that she is one of the
most wonderful horsewomen that ever
dazzled India and she says that the
reason she can do anything with horses
is that she loves them. She understands
them and they understand her.
So when she took up residence in an
elephant country she tried the same
tactics. It was not enough to know that
the mahout was along to look after the
animal. Miss Lelter would look after
him herself.
The howdah was ready for a small party
ca U;e. Gav wfcen. aba fcscams. an elephant
She sat still for a moment, because sna
couldn't think quite what to do, and when
she woke up she saw the man and the
boar on the ground together, and she
knew that the man was helpless and that
the beast was standing back just far
enough. to charge with terrific force. She,
could not call; she could only grasp her
spear and charge herself. The animal's
eye« were fixed upon its victim who lay
upon the ground. It had no thought ex
cept for the attack it was about to make.
Then swiftly.* from somewhere e!se de
scended a surely aimed spear that struck
between the eyes and made it spring back
angrily. Before it could recover to charge
again the man's spear was active once
more, and Sir Blndon's hunt was con
cluded with a dead boar, a saved man
and a heroine.
She la an American ftiV
And after much resistance she had her
way. A' private elephant was ordered for
her and. a private mahout along with It,
and the canopied party heaved away and
left; her .to her fate. Mrs. Leiter leaned
over _; the edge. of the howdah and called
one last word of warning that the warned
opo AgY_ e T heard. .-*'"" ~
"But I want my own. I want to learn
to handle an elephant. How do you sup
pose I can do It if I sit in a box with the
rest of you and leave the. driving to the
ma.hout? That is as tame as the cabin of
a vessel. I want to be on deck."
woman. When she came upon the ver
anda and saw the arrangement she
frowned disapproval.
. . "Where Is my elephant?" she wanted to
know.
"This is the elephant for all of ua." peo
ple told her.
SEARCHING FOR THE LOST TREASURES OF A GOD
TO Tunis belongs the honor of be-
Ir.g the headquarters of the most
ji extraordinary stock company In
the wcrld, the object ' of which
is to unearth the treasures of a
mythical or eemi-mythlcal Carthaginian
deity, which, according to tradition, have
for &ges been burled beneath the waters
at a little distance from Tunis. This
Pun'.c deity was Eshmoun, who was
known to the Romans under the name of
Saturn. His treasure. It Is said, consists
of gold coins, gold bai-s. Jeweled vessels
and exquisite statues, and it is valued at
no less than 400,000,000 francs. There are
zcany popular legends about It. and the
people of Syria are convinced that they
are based on truth.
People talked about this wonderful
treasure as far back as Emperor Nero's
time. Suetonius, in his life of Nero, and
Tacitus, in the sixteenth book of his an
nals, says that Nero sent a fleet to Carth
tge in the hope of recovering this treas
ure, about which he had heard surprising
stories from a Carthaginian knight named
Casellius Cajssius. The fleet, however.
searched In vain, and as a result Caselllus
committed eulclde. At a later period a
new legend arose, according to which the
Carthaginians, shortly before the destruc
tion of their city, carried off their costliest
treasures and buried them in a subter
ranean necropolis beside those of the god.
This necropolis Is said to be under the hill
known as Sldl-bu-Hassan, and to be con
nected with Carthage by means of a tun
nel. It I« a fact that when the harbor of
Tunis was being constructed the engi
neers found traces of a tunnel, which led
toward this hilL
Forty years ago a native of Morocco at
tracted wide attention In Tunis owing to
the fact that from a copdltlon of extreme
poverty he suddenly attained a position
of great wealth. Daily he -squandered
large sums of money and there seemed no
limit to his riches. He explained that he
had suddenly discovered h«ap3 of gold in
the bowels of the earth, and he .attributed
his good fortune to an ancient manu
script, which, he claimed, had pointed out
to him a secret way leading to the cham
ber in which have been stored for cen
turies the treasures of the Carthaginians
and of their god Eshmoun. A friend, he
said, had helped him in the search Tor
gold.
Soon afterward he and this friend left
Tunis, and fifteen years later the former
returned and made an attempt to acquire
a fresh supply of gold. Finding that he
could not succeed without help he entered
Into partnerhlp with a man named Em
barek, as well as with several others, and
the result was that he managed to get as
far as the door of the subterranean.tem
ple in which the treasures were concealed.
At this point, however, a quarrel arose as
to which should be the first to enter the
sacred precincts, and finally a v furious
fight endued, which ended in the death of
the native of Morocco and one of his
companions. The others, terrified at the
tragedy, left the place hastily, and having
bound each other to secrecy fled from the
city. . • ;
All this sounds rather,, mythical and,
nebulous, but now we come to solid facts.
Two years ago Embarek. who had fled to
Morocco, returned to Tunis and looked
for those who had accompanied him on
the previous expedition, his Intention be
ing to endeavor once more to obtain ac
cess to the rubterranean temple. He
found two of his former companions, and
one night he and they went to look for
the entrance tc the tunnel which leads
toward the" temple. As various excava
tions, however., and other changes had
been made in that part of the city within
the -last few years, -they were unable to
find It. and 1 after much consultation they
decided to apply for advice to Senor Me
dina; an archaeologist who has' accjuired
a wide reputation through his work .'on
the ruins of ancient Carthage. -
He. was amazed when he heard their"
story, and he advised them to take Into
their confidence Baron Anselme de Kin
saye, a member of the French Academy
and ' an enthusiastic archaeologist, who
was then in Tunis. Embarek told the
Baron the marvelous Btory of the subter
ranean temple and of the countless treas-^
ures hidden In It3 chambers, and his tale
was apparently so circumstantial and so
HOW MEXICANS
MAKE ICE.
In one of the highest valleys of Oaxaca,
Mexico, at an elevation of 8000-6000 feet,
there is a flourishing Ice industry, which
is based on the well-known principle ot
the reduction of temperature by radia
tion of temperature' during the night
The ground is covered with a large num
ber of wooden troughs, which are filled
with water, and during the winter nights
a film of ice not more than one-eighth of
an. inch In thickness Is formed. This Ice
Is removed on the following morning,
6hoveled into holes in the' ground, and
then covered with earth. It rapidly
solidifies and Is then cut Into blocks and
sent by mules to the cities below, where
it la readljy sold. h "
IN CHOSING
A COLOR.
After deciding what shall be the pre
dominating color In -the room and nhat
shades or ' colors you desire to usa with
it, arrange the colors together arid -study
the effect carefully. It will be found that
some combinations bring out all tho good
and pleasing qualities Of the different col
ors, while other combinations are discord
ant. 'There are many things to take Into
consideration : the exposure of the room,
the amount of light and the style of the
house, whether In city or country. Soft
finishes, either in walls or draperies, blend
more readily than . does ': the smooth or
glace finish.— October Ladles' Home Jour
pal. -
NEW USE FOR
AUTOMOBILE.
The field of usefulness of the motor ve
hicle grows apace. 'The latest innovation
Is that of the projectors of the Kinloch
Park racetrack,*, near St. Louis, who will
build an elevated - railway track around
the. oval near the Inner rail, for the pur
pose " of I running a \ patrol judge's motor
vehicle to keep" pace with the runners and
enablfng the judge to keep his eye on the
Jockeys ' and horses • all the way around.
The trestle work and track will cost about
$5000. ' Truer racing [ should result from
this scheme, for, from his present station
at the head of the home stretch, the pa
trol /-Judge can; see but little :of a race.
After .i the 1 flyers ,' pass . him - everything * Is
.usually swallowed^ up in^a,cloud_of dust.
true that the Baron decided to join in the
search for gold. The first step was to ob
tain the necessary .concession from the
Government, and tnls he succeeded in do
ing through, the offlcials, Messrs. Millet
and Gaucklefc,
The Government thereby granted him
undents associates permission to make at
their own expense the necessary excava
tions in the plnce designated, and In re
turn for this privilege the Baron and his
colleagues agreed to : hand over to the
Government one-half of the treasures
they "might find. In order to avoid any
possible misunderstanding 1 , a 'committee
was appointed to decide as to the value of
any such recovered treasures.
The excavations, were then begun, but
did not prove as successful as was sus
pected. Although Embarek and his com
panions pointed ,out the ; very spot at
which, they said, they had gained access
to the tunnel a. few years ago, ; no trace
of the tunnel has yet be«n found. On the
other hand, various earthen ; vessels,
Carthaginian lamps and. relics of skele
tons have been unearthed and a few small
galleries have been discovered. For this
reason Baron de ' Kinsaye expressed his
determination ;to ; continue ;the work, and,
as the necessary funds became lacking
recently, he decided to form a stock com T
pony, the shares of which are to be sold
at -100 francs each. ¦. . • ¦ .' ._
Every one connected" with the work
seems convinced' that most, valuable
treasures will be found sooner or. later
and so , hopeful is Embarek , that he has
refused to sell even at a high figure his
claim to a portion of the treasures. V, As
the 'pioneer ln'^this enterprise, he is nat
urally.'¦entitled to a., goodly portion of
She always had this gift, by the way.
She la a trifle less American than Daisy
for that very reason. Daisy has the ap
pearance of being somewhat more prac
tical than her older sister.
Mary was never particularly witty, but
enough herself, as every, one knows. But
there are two small Curzons new who
take up a great deal of time, for the
Vicereine is not the mother to turn all
her privileges, as she j calls what some
people name cares,' over to a nursery
has to give.
It has all come ant. "it so rapidly. Levl
Z. Letter made a fo.'lune, only*, a'* few
years ago. in dry goods, lie. had been
clever enough to know tha' Chicago was
the place to go into business. His for-
Last year gossip fumbled for awhile.-;
and finally settled upon the. Earl of Suf-';
folk/ "Misr. Leiter rides with him every f
day"' was buzzed about Simla and car-.'
rled : . from there to Calcutta and on t4..
Washington. 'It was true. But as U
? J|OW -would ycu like to spear a
P~ll wiIs3 bear?
,i ii That is what Miss Daisy Lcltcr
has been doinj. She has been do
ing it in "India, because, forsooth, there
are no bears in the neighborhood of
Washington waiting to be speared.
Wbea the girls who summer thereabouts
go hunting', they usually satisfy them
selves with shooting chipmunks or tb^lr
fnends. The Orient is the place for big
garr.e such as Miss Lelter seeks.
It docs not read so much like a real
story as like an Amnzonian romance. The
story of Daisy Lelter's sister 4s known
the world over; how she sprang into
society and married a man whom she
followed to India. Through ail the long
series of events that brought .this about,
it came to pass that the younger heiress
to the Loiter millions has spent a year
and a half In the midst of wild boar and
elephant adventures that can't be dupli
cated by any girl in our country.
It was during last year's February that
Daisy Lelter said good -by to Washing
ton chums and sailed away. 6he was
chaperoned by Mrs. Leiter herself, who
wanted to eee with her own eyes what
Mary's Indian life was.
They had heard all kinds of -stories
about the Simla home and the palaces
with their balls of ceremony and Oriental
eplendor. Now they were to see for them
selves what it all meant, from rickshaw
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The day was well along before excite
ment appeared, however, at the Delhi
hunt. The hunt'ers began to think that it
vra3 going to be a very tame affair. Just
at the end came the thrill that everybody
had been longing for, and more than that,
perhaps.
Daisy Lcltcr can't tell you to this day
Just how it happened. She knows only
how the boar looked as he plunged to
ward them, with his cruel tusks glisten-
Ing and pointed strafgb^ at her escort-
11
to elephant rides, from Sikhs to Governor
General. Mary's letters, enthusiastic and
vivid, hod sounded to them like stories
that grow from fancy, and they must see
how much wa*s the outcome of Mary's
happy gilt of embellishing phrase.
ADVENTURES OF AN AMERICAN
GIRL IN INDIATMJK &ZFNT>A7Z CAlLIi. •
12GOLDEN INGOTS OUT WEIGH SILVER BRICKS.
GHIC-VGO,,Oct. 20.— To the Editor. of The Call: I firmly believe Bryan
will be elected. I think a .ar$e majority of the American people are
opposed to the re-election of McKlnley. I think the public conscience
has been aroused during: the present.' campaign to a - greater ' degree)
-than ever before. It Is my opinion that not " since - 1S6O- have the pec^
ple been so Impressed with the gravity of the situation." When such Repub
licans, patriarchs and partisans as George S.Boutwell of Massachusetts, Sen-,
ator Wellington of Maryland, former Senator 'Henderson of* Missouri.' Gen
eral Beatty of Ohio ai\d hundreds of -others that could be ' named "abandon
their party under the profound conviction i that the re-election of ' McKlnley
would endanger the republic it is safe to say' that the same thought and fear
have found lodgment ln'the minds of- the people at large."
The anti-imperialist movement, in my judgment, is proper and more pro
found at this time than was the mugwump movement that defeated Blalna
in 1S84, or the gold Democrat movement that contributed so materially to the
election of McKinley In 1S96. In ISSi'and 1SS6 only objection to candidates or
purely domestic issues capable of being- remedied at any time Influenced the
electorate. ' - ¦¦' ......
Now the very foundation of the Government is in danger— the . scepter is
in sight— and the uniformed \ soldier, at every street corner on every highway.
- with conscription acts and forced drafts as accompaniments, are things of the
future that must be crushed' or encouraged- at the ensuing. election. Ninety
per cent of the gold Democrats' will follow the example of Olney'and Blssell
and vote for Bryan. _ •» • -
The super-friendly relations— I will not say alliance— between the Tory
Government of Great Britain and the administration of McKlnley which' led
to our Government notoriously sympathizing with Great Britain's cold-blooded
destruction of the two South ¦ African republics ' has * supremely disgusted
¦many persons and added to the evidences of the imperialistic tendencies ot
; McKlnley and his advisers. ,
--. . But while , the preservation of the constitution and the principles of. the
'Declaration of Independence form the paramount issue of the campaign pure
ly domestic questions are not lust sight of. The American people as a whole
are satisfied that the great trusts have control of the Republican, party, and
that the only hope of regulating or controlling these monster corporate ag
gregations is by returning the Democrats topower. The negroes, who have
Mong held the, balance of power in such States as Illinois. Indiana and Ohio,
ar«? breaking away from the Republican party. The colored men fear impe
¦ rialism and can" see no hope for their future in a Government by trusts. The
colored men of Illinois, Ohio and Indiana have made Republican Presidents.
•but Northern colored men are never rewarded with office when the Repub
licans are in power in Washington. The offices are given to Southern ne
groes in payment for work in conventions,; while the colored men in the
doubtful or Republican States are ignored.
These are some of the reasons why*. I feel ; satisfied with the present out
look and why I believe that Bryan will be elected.
JAMES K. JONES. Chairman Democratic National Committee
JONES SAYS HE BELIEVES BRYAN WILL
BE ELECTED.
£IIICAGO, Oct. M.— To the. Editor of The Call: Xo one who has care
fully observed the trend of events during the last three weeks can
have failed to notice that popular sentiment has been running strongly
in favor. of the election of the Republican candidates.. This is t due,
not .'only to the Inherent justice and right of the cause which the Re
publican party stands for and the vigorous. campaign which has been car
ried on by Republicans everywhere, but has been much accelerated by the
very foolish utterances of Mr. Bryan on the stump. -In the glass belt In In
diana, which has been commercially developed almost entirely by. the tinplate
and glr.ss industries, which have givrn employment to thousands of working
men and all built up by reason of the tariff on these articles, Mr. Bryan
stated in his epeech that the way to reach the - eo-called glass and tinplate
trus-ts was to remove the tariff from these articles. It can readily be Been
that this Ftatement was fatal to him and his party in that section of the
State cf Indiana and ever since that speech Indiana has been no longer doubt
ful.
Shortly after he followed with a ppeech at Salem, III., which was un-
Trorthy of him or any candidate for President. In this speech he, in the bold
est way, endeavored to stir up discontent and hostility on the part of those
•who were not as fortunate as others against those who had accumulated a
competence. I think this speech alarmed many of his more conservative sup
porter?, as I have been advised of many who had before that been inclined
to support him announcing their determination to vote the Republican
ticket. All through the West thousands of farmers of every nationality
who voted for Bryan four years ago, will now vote for McKinley, and a
#ontinuation of the present business conditions, and in the former so-called
Eilver States the people are deserting Bryan almost en masse, and I believe
that a majority of the States west of the Mississippi River that voted for.
Bryan four years ago will now cast their electoral vote for McKinley. ; Not
one of the Slates between the Mississippi River and the Alleghany Mountains
north of Tennessee which voted for McKinley btfore but will do so again at
the coming election. The antl-imperialipt campaign of the Democrats has
fallen fiat. Its supporters have found that the people regard them In the
position they have taken as unpatriotic and unwise, and the Democratic poli
ticians have found it unpopular. In the West they have abandoned it as an
iFFue and are turning their attention to the anti-trust plank in their plat
form. As their campaign has been based upon anti-everything, * I look in
another week for them to change to anti-something else.
The poll of Kentucky shows that McKinley will carry that State by more
than 30,000 majority, and the only question Is, Can the Democrats, under
the provisions of the Infamous Goebel law, steal it?
I am Epcaking only of the States that come within the Jurisdiction of the
headquarters of Chicago. As to those, east of the Alleghany Mountains I
am not in close touch and do not care to express . an , opinion without proper
knowledge, although I have no doubt that every State that voted for McKin
ley In that section of the country* four years ago will. do. so again.
H. C. PAYNE. Vice Chairman Republican. National Commltte*.
PAYNE TELLS WHY BIG REPUBLICAN
VICTORY IS CERTAIN.
MeKinley and Roosevelt will hold all
the border Southern States that went for
McKinley and Hobarc in 1*05. with the
exception of Kentucky. Kentucky is
doubtful still, but the probabilities are in
favcr of Its going for Bryan. West Vjr
gir.ia, Maryland and Delaware are re
tarded as safe for the Republican candi
dates. lIcKinlc-y will probably have In
ciana, and if he gets it the result will
t>e due entirely to the farmer vote. The
States which were carried by Bryan in
1SSS, and which will po for McKinley this
year, are South Dakota, Kansas, Wash
ington and Wyoming. Bryan got one
electoral vote in California in 1S96. Cali
fornia is solid for McKinley now. Wth
the exception of Kentucky. McKinley will
hold all the States of the Union that he
carried in 1S>5 and make a net fain of
eleven, electoral votes in California, South
California Solid for McKinley.
In both investigations practically the
fame result has been reached in all the
States which during the campaign have
been regarded as fighting territory.
In addition to this the country has been
canvassed in another way, through other
correspondents or through newspapers
CFEoeiated with The Call and the Herald
In the gathering of news. This second
poll was conducted for the purpose of
stecrt^ir.ir.g; the probable complexion of
the Fifty-seventh Congress, and fur
nishes, ss a check on the other canvass.
indications as to how the election is going
Jor President.
cr.d In each ir.ftar.ee have given what
they ennsidered the strong probabilities.
This is the prediction of The Call and
the New York Herald of the result of the
Presidential election. The data upon
¦which it is ha?od have been collected with
rnore than usual carp. Men of experience
In gauging public sentiment on political
questions have been stationed for weeks
In so-called dotilttful States where both
parlies have been making great efforts.
These men have done their work abso
lutely without bias and have reduced their
observations to a cold-blooded calculation
a choice. 224; McKin
ley's probable majority in 1900. 113; Mc-
Kinley's majority In 1SD5. 93.
MCKINLEY'S probable
electoral votes in 1900,
2S1; Bryan's probable
electoral votes in 19C*,
1C€; whole number of
votes In Electoral Col
lege, 447; r.ecessary to
divided, but some of the gold men are re
turning, to Bryan. There seems to be a
strong possibility of the election of John
W. Ycrkes, the Republican candidate for
Governor, and of the success of the Dem
ocratic electors. -
Republican success In Kansas for the
electoral ticket seems to be assured.
Bryan had a plurality in lb% of 12,330.
The indications this year are that Mc-
Kinley will have it by- 12,000.
* North Dakota and South Dakota, which
may be classed as doubtful States, will
both go for McKinley. though if there Is
any change in this it will be in South
Dakota. Bryan carried South Dakota in
1896 by the exceedingly narrow margin of
183. Bryan will probably be able to hold
his own State. Although the Republicans
have made considerable gains in Ne
braska, State pride is likely to give the
eight electoral votes to Mr. Bryan. His
majority !s estimated at 50G0 against 13,576
in 1S96. If he should lose the election, as
is probable, the fusionlsts are likely to
capture the Legislature --and' give Mr.
Bryan one of the seats in the United
States Senate. - -
In the Mountain States.
The -\ mountain States; through whfch
Governor Roosevelt swept in the, early
days of the campaign on a special train
with, varying success^ furnish very inter
esting situations. .
Montana, Idaho, Wyoming. Colorado
and Utah • were all carried by Bryan in
1$9C This year .Wyoming will go to Mc-
Kinley by a majority of not less than 5000.
The Silver Republicans concede defeat
and the Democrats have abandoned hope.
Idaho Is claimed by both parties, because
of a complete fusion of all tho anti-Re
publican elements, which is likely to go
for Bryan.
Montana will be carried by. Bryan,
though the result of the Senatorial con
test is in doubt.
Colorado ,1s conceded to Bryan by the
national Republican leaders, although the
State Committee claims the State.
.The Mormons can sway Iftah to Mc-
Kinley or Bryan, as they choose. The In
dications seem to be that the State will
go for Bryan.
The Pacific Coast Is solidly for McKin
ley. Here Bryan in 1S36 got five electoral
votes. He will get none in 1900.
California will give McKinley a large
majority. There is no doubt whatever of
the result in Oregon. v i-V -
Washington, .which has been carried by
the Republicans since 1S96. Is almost cer
tain to go for McKinley on the expansion
issue 1 .
Changes In the popular vote from 1896
are indicated in various States. It is not
likely that in any Eastern State will tha
plurality for McKinley be as large as in
1S36.
The plurality of 268,000 in New York will
be more than cut in two. A similar slump
in the high tide of four years ago is Indi
cated In New Jersey. McKinley will hold
his own In Ohio, and may have a smaller
plurality than 47.000, which he had in 1S96.
There is not likely to be any such plu
rality a3 142,000 In Illinois. In Iowa tha
65,000 Republican plurality of 1SD6 is likely
to be swelled to 80,000. In Wisconsin tho
plurality of 102,000 in 1S06 may fall to 65,
ooo. :^v:;;
In* Missouri the Democrats are likely to
suffer a big loss in the vote for their elec
toral ticket. They had 6S.727 In 1S96. This
year it may be reduced as low as 5000.
' Returns from many States, as already
detailed, show that McKinley will run
ahead of the State and legislative tickets.
This is not due to the fact that McKinley
is stronger than his party, but that Bryan
la weaker than his party. McKinley will
lead the State tickets in New York. Illi
nois, Kansas, Minnesota, Connecticut and
Wisconsin.
Information comes from Washington,
D. C. to the effect that If McKinley wins
he will deem it a vindication and an over
whelming vote of confidence. Under tha
circumstances it will be far short of that.
It will be rather a repudiation of the man
who is running against him. s Not In a
Presidential campaign In a generation, has
there been such a general exhibition of
voters selecting the lesser of two evils.
The Call's returns reveal that while
voters are not satisfied with the policy of
the Government in Por^j Rico and the
Philippines and while. there is a great dis
like and distrust of the Industrial tenden
cies toward trusts and combinations of
capital, the powerful thought In control of
the voting will be a fear of Mr. Bryan on
financial questions and the belief that h«
would bring commercial, financial and In
dustrial disaster if he went into the Whits
CALIFORNIA.
Republicans Will Carry the Golden
State With Ease.
AH the Indications' point to President
McKinley carrying California by a largo
Pluralities in New York.
The Call's poll indicates that McKinley
will have a plurality in the State of 115,
000. Both parties are claiming the State,
the Republicans : with a much greater
show of confidence. Private information
from the Democratic committee is that
the men at the head of the machine ex
pect Bryan to lose by 75,000 In the State.
He cannot- make the result close unless
he docs much better in Greater New
In the case of an unexpected landslide
to Bryan, the House would be surely
Democratic and the Senate would be
doubtful.
In the present House the Republicans
have 1S5, the Democrats 1C2, all other anti-
Republicans 7, while there are three
vacancies. This gives the Republicans a
working majority of six. The informa
tion furnished by correspondents is that
the new House will have certainly 1S5 Re
publican votes, the Democrats will have
153, there will be 3 fusionlsts and Silver
Republicans, 2 Populists, and fourteeen
districts are doubtful.
Gains in the- House have been made by
the Democrats in the West and South, but
they are offset by gains made by Re
publicans in the East.
In the Senate, where the Republicans
have fifty members, the indications are
that next year the.y will have at least
forty-six members; which Is on« more
than a majority. There are eleveirdoubt
ful Senatorial elections pending and the
Republicans can scarcely lose the control
of the Senate, even should Mr. Bryan be
elected. Quay may not be elected in
Pennsylvania, Elkins may be defeated in
West Virginia and Pettigrew may lose In
South Dakota.
To return to the Presidential contest.
Xew York, as the natural strategic point
of the campaign, has become the great
battle-ground. Mr. Brvan and his sup
porters realize that if they do not carry
New York State they will have no chance
whatever of getting the election. There
fore the eyes of the country are on the
Empire State.
Composition of Congress.
Dakota, Wyoming and Washington.
. In the poll made for the purpose of as
certaining the complexion of the Fifty
seventh Congress, careful estimates were
made in each doubtful district in the
country. The result shows that unless
there Is a very close contest over the
Presidency, both houses of Congress will
be controlled by the Republicans.
7~> ' J "~ '-',;'<¦ ¦¦"••-.'¦: • ¦'-."¦•¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦
President McKinley's re-election is certain. A poll made by The Call and *N civ York Herald of the principal States shoxvs that
McKinley will probably receive 281 electoral votes and Bryan 166. giving the Republican party's staitdard-bcarcr a majority of 115 over
Equally important is the poll made for ascertaining the complexion of the ¦' fifty-seventh Congress. The result indicates that the'
Republicans will retain a safe working majority over the combined: opposition in both houses. In the Senate the Republicans will have at
least forty-six members, which is one more than a majority. The working majority in the House will be at least six.
Poll of States Made by The
%. J m^h It v ¦ ¦ I It 1 \ / \ / 1 II I I \i II i w II I • ™» .
V/ WAxJL N*«y JL JLV_/ V V l*-J -»- L 1 %_A \j 1Y1\/ X jL^JLJL JL
lpi^c ¥ - 1 't^ii i tic. T^ln Tq
VICTORY SURE FOR PROSPERITY
. Indianapolis.'?. the .; national
meetliur : of i the : Democratic' clubs', in • that
But the hardest Btrugglerin any State in
this campaign has i been in , Indiana. ¦ Indi
ana .went :for ."¦McKinley -in \ 1896 by ; only
18,000,' arid- the • Democrats ' have • made • un
usual'VefforU 'to^carry the -State. Mr.'
Bryan , was; notified i^ofj his nomination in
Hardest Struggle in : Indiana.
ley. The. Call's canvass, made >'. with i ex
ceptional care, ; points, to something like
50,000 plurality , for the) Republican ; Elect
ors.' Alschuler, the Democratic candidate
for Governor, may be elected over Yates,'
the Republican candidate, and the' fight
between' Senator, Cullom. and .Governor
Tanner for the control of i the ! Legislature
may give it to" the • Democrats, resulting
in* ; the election ' of a Democrat from
Illinois. , : ' "
'•[Kentucky is having, one * of its usual
heart-stirring; political ; conflicts. ' It gave*
twelve of i Its electoral* votes to McKinley
in i 1896 on ;the; gold issue by a plurality. of
less'. than 300, ; and' one of , the Democratic
electors" was Selected. The incidents* sur
rounding the ; passage"; of ;' the Gdebel ; law
and. the; killing of Qoebel: have' intensified
party -feelina:. *Tnii" Democratic party. ",1a
clty. ;- He. has 'made four: or five -tours of
the State.: On the other hand! the Repub
licans have been disappointed by the luke
warmness" o( former^ President Harrison,"
and' untll'wlthin; the last two weeks the
indications '-. placed Indiana in the Demo
cratic'cblumn. Since that time there has
been a change. . . "While the: Democrats are
gaining; strength- In ¦ the; cities the farmer
vote is ¦ apparently - preparing ' to "decide
the election in Indiana in favor ' of Mc-
Kinley.
If the Democrats get a very large plu
rality' there the State Is doubtful and like
ly to go to , Bryan.' On 'the other, hand., if
the Republicans carry ; it ; by , a small ;,ma^.
Jority "or keep the' Democratic'yote'down'
thm '¦ Siala la almost certain lor JtlcKin-
Illinois has been the scene of one of the
fiercest struggles in the Middle .West. The
State went for McKinley In' 1896 by 142|000r
For many. months there has been at,Chi
cago a great strike. This has been taken
advantage of by the Democrats and much
unrest" exists among 1 'the • laboring' men.
Republican factional fights have also been"
a handicap to McKinley. Cook" County ,< Is
the key to the situation. . '
"While West Virginia is in the fighting
column the ele'ctoral vote will go to Mc-
Kinley. The. Republicans claim th*e State
by 21,000. The Bryan managers look \ for
victory by 7500. There may., be an overturn
in the Legislature, which will retire S.
B. Elklns from the Senate.
The .poll of New Jersey gives it to Mc-
Kinley by a plurality of about 44,000, In
Connecticut there • wiir be a substantial
plurality for the Republican Electors, but
not so large as In lS9o.
Delaware appears to be as safe for Mc-
Kinley as It was in 1S9S. The Republican
plurality Is likely to be 2000 or more. The
Republicans will 'elect their Congress
man, but the fight for the Senate, where
there will be. two vacancies, is so fierce
in the Republican party that the Demo
crats may control the 'Legislature.
The contest In Maryland has been a
very stubborn • one. The indications are
that it willgo for McKinley by 5000 plu
rality or more.
Some Stubborn Contests.
York than the polls and canvasses now
made show him to be able to do. Instead
of setting- 80.000 plurality in Greater
New York, as Croker shows, his plurality
will be nearer 26.000. His plurality In
Manhattan and the Bronx (New York
County) is placed at 30,000, which some
Democrats think too high. Brooklyn
(Kings County) should be carried by Mc-
Kinley by at least GO00. Queensborough
(Queens County) will probably go for"Mc-
Klnley by 700 and Bryan will carry Rich
mond Borough by 1200. McKinley's total
plurality in that portion of the State out
side of Greater Xew York should be 141,
0G0 and McKinley's plurality in the State
is thus figured at 115,660,
It is likely that Benjamin B. Ode.ll Jr.,
Republican candidate for Governor, will
defeat John Stanchfield, Democrat, by ,91,
000 plurality. . Mr. Odell's plurality may
fall below that figure.
The Republicans stand to grain five
members of the New York State Senate
and the party divisions in that body will
be thirty-two Republicans to eighteen
Democrats. In the Assembly there will be
ninety-four Republicans tnd fifty-six
Democrats.
Pages 13 to 22
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900-TmRTY-TWO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-XO. 143.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Pages 13 to 22Continued on Pago Twenty.
THIS TABLE SHOWS PROBABLE
RESULT OF COMING ELECTION.
REPUBLICANS WILL CONTROL
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
In the western part of Lue State Bry
an's losses will be heavy. He will run
ahead of the fusion- Congressional nomi
nees In both the Fifth and Sixtn Congres
sional districts, which compose the west
ern part of the State, but even the most
optimistic Democrats concede that Bry
an's losses in these two districts will ap
proximate 4000. Mr. Bryan cannot hop« to
carry the State by more than 8000 or 10,
000. and the Indications are his majority
will be reduced to 4000 or 6000.' Demo
cratic losses in both the Fifth and Sixth
districts are due to three causes.
• Many voters in the western half of the
State have been compelled to move on ac
count of drought. Perhaps a. majority of
these voters have gone to the eastern
counties In the State. This loss will not
affect Bryan, but it will reduce the ma
jorities of the Congressional candidates.
Perhaps 40 per cent of the voters who
Nebraska's poll -will not exceed 235.000
this fall. In the elections of 1535 and again
In 1S39 the fuslonists cast a larger per cent
of the total vote in Nebraska than the
Democrats did in Missouri or the Repub
licans in Ohio. To defeat Mr. Bryan In
his own State the Republicans must make
surprising gains. Outside Republican
headquarters in the city of Omaha, there
i3 not a Republican politician who ex
presses any confidence in McKihley's abil
ity to carry the State. There is absolute
Republican confidence in the election of
Dlatrich. . the Republican candidate . for
Governor, and confessed alarm In Demo
cratic circles about the Legislature. Two
United States Senators are to be elected
for full terms in Nebraska next winter,
and the Congressional, legislative and ju
dicial districts will be reapportioned.
There are at least ten counties where the
legislative majorities seldom reach nfty
votes, and these counties will determine
whether two Republicans or one Populist
and one Democrat shall be sent to tha
Senate.
Nebraska can hardly be placed In the>
list of doubtful States. The only Con
gressional districts in which there will be
changes radical enough to be taken Into
consideration, when it Is remembered that
Bryan carried Nebraska by 13,000 In. 1S96.
and former Governor Holcombe, the fu
sion candidate for Supreme Judge, in
creased this majority to 18.000 in 1SD9. are
the Second, of which Omaha is the me
tropolis; the First, ia which Lincoln Is lo
cated, and the Fifth and Sixth districts,
which are agricultural and cattle dis
tricts.
ity in Hi3 Home State.
Bryan Jlay Get Only a Small Major-
NEBRASKA.
"With few exceptions the Gold Demo
crats of Buffalo who supported McKinley
four years ago are still favorable to him,
while the Democratic organization itself
is honeycombed with McKinley sentiment.
This Is largely due to the bitter Demo
cratic factional quarrel which ia being
fought out in the county.
The fact that the present regime has
been defeated at the primaries and will be
forced to abdicate after the election is not
conducive to effective work. Of the mem
bers of the Democratic executive com
mittee in charge of the campaign In Buf
falo there ia good reason for sayinsr that
nearly one-half will vote for- McKinley.
The Germans, who form an important
element in the voting population of the
city, take little interest in the Imperialism
Issue and stand about as they stood In
1S06. - Bryan will receive the great major
ity of the labor vote.
In the southern and western counties
there will be a heavy slump, except In,
Chautauqua and Cattaraugtis, which
show only slight declines from the vote of
1S56.
In Erie County, where McKinley re
ceived a plurality of 15.440 in 1SS6 and
which gave Roosevelt only 2242 In Ioj3, th»
Republicans expect to poll a very large
vote. Their majority may run as high as
8000 or even 10,000. though the uncertain
ties of the situation are great.
THE CHAIRMAN OF THE DEM
OCRATIC NATIONAL COM
MITTEE.
Benjamin B. Odell Jr., the Republican
candidate for Governor, according to
these estimates, will run about 23.S30 votes
behind McKinley. This will give him a
plurality over John .B. Stanchfield of
91,830, which is 121,162 less than the plu
rality given to former Governor Black
in 1896. Though in every county the esti
mates show a decrease more or less
marked, in the Republican majorities Mc-
Kinley, outside of Greater New York and
the county of Schoharle. will have plu
ralities aggregating 147,360. Bryan will
probably have a surplus in three
counties. Schoharie alone stood by
him in 1S26 with a plurality of
865. The county will probably give him
a majority of 500 votes this year. Tam
many.will turn the adverse majority or
20,735 in 1S96 Into a plurality of 30.000 this
year. Richmond will add 1200 men to tho
Bryan column. It gave McKinley a sur
plus of 171S in 1S96. These are the only
counties in which there is any prospect
that Mr. Bryan will poll more votes than
Mr. McKinley. In many counties the Re
publican pluralities of the last Presiden
tial election will be cut in two, or nearly
so. In many others the vote will hold
well up to the record-breaking figures of
four- years ago. Generally speaking, the
Republican strength is greatest In the
eastern and northern parts of the State.
Careful estimates made by correspond
ents who have traversed every county in
the State, consulting the best available
sources of information, give President
McKinley a plurality over "William- J.
Bryan of 115.660, or. 152,809 less than -his
plurality of four years ago.
the Empire State.
National and State Tickets Safe in
NEW YORK.
The State re-elected its two Republican
representatives and a Republican Legis
lature last June.
There is no doubt whatever of the re
sult of the election in Oregon. It is con
ceded on all sides that President McKlc
ley will be given a majority equally large
if not larger than he received in 1836.
Republicans.
Both Sides Concede Victory to the
OREGON.
Indications are that President McKin
ley's plurality In his own State may fall
below the u/ual Republican plurality of
50,000. Indeed, it may be well if he gets
35,000.
ity May Fall in Hi3 Own State.
Indications That McKinley's Plural-
OHIO.
In the registration In Baltimore this
year the Increase In Republican wards
was more than 3400 over last year; In
Democratic wards more than 1700 and in
close wards more than 1200. Both parties
have been comforted by registration fig
ures in the counties, l'altimore city will
carry the State. The counties will come
to the city with a small plurality for Mc-
Kinley.
• It is a fact that a strong undercurrent
against trusts exists among workingmen,
shopkeepers and some farmers, but it is
not likely to rise to the surface with over
whelming force in this State. As a rule,
the factories and mills In the State are
running on full time, with good wages.
#'I"I"I"I"I-!"I-M"I-I' .j. .j. »|-X«»*«»H"I"I"I-I'O
had decreased 14,647 since 1896. while the
Democratic vote had increased 14,560.
There was a factional fight in the Repub
lican ranks last year, accounting for the
decrease of the vote, but to many minds
the vote of last year Indicated the return
of the State to its normal condition as a
Democraic State.
INDIANA SbLID
FOR McKlNLEY
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 20.
To the Editor of The. Call: In
diana will go Republican in No
vember by"" a good majority. The
people do not believe in t Bryan,
nor In Populism, which he repre
sents. He panders to all ele
ments of discontent and is the
champion of I too many issues.
His calamity prophecies of 1S9S
have all proved false. Many who
voted for him In 1S9(5 will not trus>t
him now. His financial views
condemn h'm. The voters believe
in McKinley. 'He has fulfilled his
promises. P'armers rejoice in in
creased prices for their products,
labor is employed at wages largely
advanced and miners are getting
30 per cent higher wages than in
1S96. The State was never more
prosperous. The bogie of imperial
ism falls flat. Conditions com
mend the Republican party to the
confidence of the voters.
JAMES A MOUNT.
Governor of Indiana.
: B000 voters have proclaimed the best above all
the "American", clear Havana cigar. • ;.
'¦¦••*'•¦ r: - '.-*¦¦ ¦?• • • • -¦¦ ¦• ¦ . ¦•--... »-"
The registration in 189G. was 112,434 in
Baltimore • and McKinley carried the city
by 1 19,748 over : Bryan and , Palmer. | Gov
ernor Smith (Dem.) carried." the city I by
8100 * last year, but ¦ the Republican vote
McKinley will carry' Maryland by 5000
or more. That declaration is based on
the results of a careful canvass of .the
counties and a- close, examination of the
registration figures .in Baltimore. The
early, registration , in i Baltimore indicated
a large increase , of t the \ Republican vote.
The; Democrats hadlvery. little money for
legitimate expanse's ' and could not \ have
runners j in the ¦ precincts, - whereas 'tho
Republicans had-.-; flvei or > more in ; each
precinct of the city, determined to get the
full vote and Vwifh '.the aid: of ; the inde
pendent and sound. money. Democrats and
German-Americans' carry ,the city and
thereby the State for McKinley. .• At the
close of ;the registration in Baltimore, on
October 10," more than .119,800 voters had
registered— 101,044 '.white and 18,761 colored
—showing an Increase of more " than 6500
over last year's registration.
Prosperity by 5000.
State Will Vote for Progress and
MARYLAND.
A large proportion of these independent
Democrats, however, will vote for Yerkes,
the Republican nominee for Governor,
and the. fate of the electoral ticket will
be decided by the degree of Republicanism
shown by the independent l Democrats
They could give the State to McKinley,
but Bryan^ is more likely .to get a largi
majority of this vote. .<¦
Governor Beckham represents the Goe
bel element in the State, and upon him is
being expended all the antagonism aroused
by the actions of his predecessor and his
followers. A few of the anti-Goebel or
Independent Democrats, who voted for
Brown in 1899, will vote for Bryan and
Beckham this year, as there la no inde
pendent candidate for Governor in the
field. ¦ .
Upon # the face of the. returns Governor
Taylor, 'the Republican candidate in 1899,
received a, plurality of 2511. In addition
to this there were 12,141 votes cast for
Brown, the independent Democratic can
didate for Governor, thus giving an anti-
Goebel plurality of almost 15,000. ¦ '
In a national campaign without any
State issue Kentucky is probably Demo
cratic by from 15,000 to 25,000 majority.
This year, however, the State flght, has so
overshadowed the national election that
very little interest is shown in the latter,
and candidates and campaign, managers
confine their efforts to rallying the voters
upon State questions.
There is reason to believe that had the
intentions of the voters been recorded per
fectly the State would have gone for
Bryan by a very -small plurality instead
of for McKinley. When a ballot is pre
pared in. Kentucky the the law requires
that each name shall be marked. Some of
the Democratic voters marked the flrst
named Democratic Elector, believing this
carried 'a vote for the entire electoral
ticket. It only, counted, however, for the
name marked, hence the first Elector on
the Democratic list ran ahead of the Re
publican Electors. ,'
Kentucky will probably give her thir
teen electoral votes to Mr. Bryan, al
though-the Republicans are making stren
uous claims that their candidate for Gov
ernor, John W. Yerkes, will carry the
State for the Republican Electors. Mr.
Yerkes' will undoubtedly run ahead of the
Republican electoral ticket in the State
from 2500 to 7500 votes. Twelve of the Re
publican Electors and one Bryan Elector
received pluralities in 1S98.
Will Probably .Give Her Thirteen
Electoral Votes to Bryan.
KENTUCKY.
The result depends much, as.. always,
upon what happens in Chicago j and Cook
County. Here the campaign has been ; so
backward that party^ managers- on, either
side have ¦ not been able to' get into "• a
confident frame of mind. The city and
coumty are not likely to ], go more than
20,000.. either way,. not a: wide margin in a
total vote of more than .350,000. ; /Whatever
advantage" comes is : in' the possession of
jfjp city government, and the police force
Illinois is probably safe for -McKinley
and Roosevelt and should , give: them liot
iess than 50.000 plurality. .Although it
went Republican in 1896 by 141 ,000 "there is
still such doubt in the situation that Hit-
Republicans would be willing now to Uade
almost everything for insurance against
the loss of the electoral vote. • The Legis
lature, which will elect | the successor, of
Senator Shelby M. Cullom, is all but lost,
and tho Republican State ticket Is In- seri
ous danger. . . '¦ '; ,
in the State.
Republicans Figure a Safe Plurality
, ILLINOIS. h ;v
Idaho Is claimed by both parties,,. but
the Democrats — because of a fusion be
tween them, the Silver Republicans and
Populists— seem to have the bes.t of. the
argument. Idaho gave Bryan a plurality
of 16,878 four years ago, and. in. .1898 the
fusionlsts elected, their,; Governor, by ../ a
plurality of 5613, with a Popullstitlcket in
the field, which received F-300 votes. « ¦¦'••".
Carry the State.
Democrats, Because of Fusion, Will
IDAHO.
Mr. Bryan has gained many gold Demo
crats who were against him in 1S96. The
Bryan Democratic managers declare that
90 per cent of the wanderers are. back "in
the fold. Averaging up the localities, it
is probable that a majority of the gold
Democrats are supporting Bryan. The
Germans are to be classed with the gold
Democrats. The ballots will show'that in
localities where previous to 1896 they were
Democrats most of the Germans have re
turned to their party. Mr. Bryaa-has
made headway with his anti-trust cam
paign talk, but will do better with 'that
two yoars later. It is having influence in
spots where the local* factories have been
closed by the trusts. When Bryan was In
the gas belt and told the high protection
workingmen there that he would take the
tariff off articles controlled by the trusts
this was heralded* by the Republicans as
a case of political suicide. But there is a
large tariff reform element in Indiana
wblch is for the gold standard and yet Is
very independent, and Bryan helped him
self with this class. There is ajso much
restlessness among the small merchants
on this question. These are symptoms of
discontent which do not seem to be chang
ing votes by wholesale' in the present
campaign, though storing up for the fu
ture. In looking for the positive elements
of Mr. Bryan's strength a second trip was
made into the southern counties along the
Ohio River and was contlrmed in the' be
lief that most of those Democratic-coun
ties will do better for him than they did
in 1896. But the aggregate increase will
not be large, the voting population not
having increased in any marked degree.
Against this Is the certain increase of Re
publican majorities in the great; Repub
lican counties in the central and northern
part of the State, as well as in the south
eastern part. The chief fact' about these
counties is that the voting population has
largely Increased. The farmers are more
strongly for McKinley. It is rare to find a
Republican farmer in revolt. Apparently
a good many who leaned to silver and
who quietly voted for Bryan four years
ago are now in line.
ditions are reversed. In some 1 medium
sized towns," such as Madison, Lafayette
and Richmond, the Republicans were not
suffering appreciable losses, and they even
stood a chance of doing better than four
years ago. . But in Indianapolis," Fort
"Wayne, Terre Haute, New Albany, Jefler
sonville' and • Evansville the Democratic
vote is likely to be proportionately heavier
than four years 'ago. , Logarisport and
South Bend seem to be a stand-off." .Mira
cle, Marion, Anderson and other' towns. in
the gas belt perhaps- will do as well for
McKinley relatively as they-did"
but not much better. In the aggregate,
however, the Democrats.- • willi-" have ". a
greater advantage rif the j town : and' city
vote than in the former national cam
paign. This is especially true of Indian
apolis and Fort Wayne. ¦ --.-¦ ,..
The State will give McKinley probably
12,000" plurality. The State .ticket will run
below the national ticket. ' ¦•"'
the cause. Kansas has been very pros
perous since the election of 1896. The vot
ing population has been increased proba
bly 5000 since the last Presidential elec
tion; making a total in round numbers of
abour340,000, but the politicians agree that
the vote this year will not exceed 330,000,
and it is likely to be less than that. There
will be "little stay-at-home Republican
votes. '-The Republican' Committee says it
.will have the State by more than 25.000.
There Is fusion of the, Democratic. Pop
ulist and free silver Republican forces, as
in 1S96, but! there have been many defec
tions from; the fusion ranks. Most of the
free silver ¦ Republicans have . returned to
their | former allegiance, anu in addition
many Populists have turned out the ex-"
panslon and : property Issues. The fusion
ists have made ;' gainst too, especially of
Democrats .who went awayon the sound
money issue four years ago". The tunion
ists will ' also gain some of the German
vote, which ..was solid for McKinley in
1896. The German vote : ; Is : anW- unknown
quantity this year. . It was for McKinley
early in the campaign four yeats ago, but
this year It has given no sign. .' Both sides
are fighting hard for it.\ There are about
11,000 German voters in the State, i -The
Republicans will have the advantage this
year • of a ; large, atay-at-home yjote—Popu
lists s who, unwilling to vote against Bry-;
an, are Inclined, to' continue 'the i existing
policy of i;he ; country, for no matter what
Kansas gave its - electoral vote !four
years ago to Bryan by a plurality of .12,
330 out of a total vote of 334,029. j Signs are
that the State this -year will reverse its
action of 1896. -
ably Be Reversed.
Action of Four Years Ago Will Prob-
KANSAS.
Illinois Germans— and there are mora
than 100,000 of -them— have been disaffected
on account of .national questions. The
Republican State campaigners have not
been able to get a* grip 'on them. Mr. Yated
was on the State ticket In 1S92 and a de
fender of the Republican school law,
which solidified the Germans | against the
Republican party; and made Illinois Dem
ocratic that; year. He has been credited
with extreme ; views on' the question of
prohibition. That has alienated
the "personal liberty" Germans.
It can hardly be disputed that a ma
jority of the Gold Democratic vote, which
was heavy in Illinois— it has been
estimated as high as 75,000— is back In lino.
Thousands of Gold ' Democrats | who will
vote for McKinley are supporting the
State ticket. . * ; - .,
is with the Democrats. The Republicans
have ihe election machinery. •;.." •¦
The Republicans are promising to get
from 30,000 to 40,000 plurality in th 2 Slat"
outside of Cook County. The Democrats
believe they can hold that down to 10.000
or 12,000. Cook County will do the rest.
If the Democrats can hold the Repub
licans below 30,000 outside and carry Cook
County even by the narrowest marg'.n
they will probably elect the Governor and
get the Legislature. ".Republicans have
been burdened with local troubles. The
fight between Governor. Tanner and Sen
ator Cullom; each"; for political- existence,
has permeated every layer of the party
organizatlon. 'Throughout the. campaign
members of each factipri have been more
concerned in pulling each other from th«
driver's seat of the band wagon than they
have been. in making the wagon serve its
best purpose'. Thelr^ fights for members
of the Legislature have endangered more
than half "a dozen seats, each side winkl
ing at the election of a Democrat rather
than see one of "the other fellows'" win.
To the Editor of The Call: Pres
ent indications are that Nebraska
will be carried by the Republican
party, particularly for the national
ticket. - There is a consensus of
opinion .that McKinley i3 gaining
friends and Bryan losing. The
State Committee has detailed re
ports that give them assurance by
conservative calculations that the
State is now . surely Republican.
The money' issue was strongly
against us four and two years ago.
No • one " ' considers it now. , The •
¦prosperous' 'condition'- -gives 'con-.
tcnt-« Four 1 -years ago StateprlOe
mpyed; xnatjy '.'persons'' ' to '.'¦ support
Mr." Bryan,', but j that^plea , like a
garment,. has. become threadbare.
/The' policy «Vf; the administration,
was not as; warmly supported on
the stump' and through the prfss
as 1 1^ should have. been two years
ago,' 'and even one year ago, and
there was a strong sentiment
against -it among the foreign-born
element.' '; Now conditions have
changed." 'Many' strong political
speakers have come into the State
and the people are being educated
on these" questions of national pol
icy, and the Republican party, and
its policy; are gaining ground. '
JOHN L. WEBSTER, • ' .
Republican Candidate, for United
States Senator.
OMAHA. Oct. 20.
THE SITUATION
IN BRYAN'S STATE
Delaware will give McKinle'y a plurality
of 2000 or more. McKinley had a plurality
of 3S37 four years ago. The sound money
vote Tor Palmer was 995. The Democrats
have not been overconfident of success at
¦lej" time, and the figures of the early reg-
Plurality of 2000.
This State "Will Give McKinley a
DELAWARE.
McKinley and Roosevelt will carry Con
necticut, by a substantial plurality, but
not so large as that in 1S?6. The four Re
publican Representatives will be elected.
l>ut the Republican State ticket may be
defeated. That issue which will deter
mine the political complexion of Connecti
cut is Bryanisxn. pure and simple — the fear
•which it provokes that an attempt to bet
ter conditions in the political administra
tion of the Government by turning from
McKinleyism to Bryanism would be but
leaping from the frying pan Into the fire.
Connecticut wovild have been a. doubtful
State and possibly a Democratic State this
year had the Chicago platform been aban
doned and a conservative ticket been nom
inated; this, too, in spite of favorable In
dustrial conditions. There should be cast
at the election next month more than
273,000 votes. McKinley and Roosevelt
Khould be ab'e to obtain a plurality of at
least 25.000. Upon a full vote, cast with
enthusiasm, the Republican ticket will
have at least 40.000 plurality. There is no
reason to expect other than general Re
publican victory in Connecticut, followed
by Democratic reorganization.
publican Victory.
CONNECTICUT.
Tear of Bryanism Will Cause a Be-
Colorado, it is conceded, will go for
Bryan, although almost daily reports
from the State indicate that a landslide
for SlcKinley may be expected. The
Bryan vote four years ago was almost
unanimous in Colorado, for he received
1CL2C9 to McKinley's 26,'JTL Democrats pay
they will give the State to Bryan by JAOOO
plurality and will control the legislature.
Materially Reduced.
Bryan's Lead in the State May Be
COLORADO,
Chairman Sims of the Democratic State
Central Committee hopes to carry the
Sta-te for Bryan by a fair majority.
Chairman Stone of the ncpublican State
Central Committee says that McKinley
•will carry the State bv at least 13,000
votes.
Appearances point to t~e Republicans
electing six of the seven candidates for
Congress and also obtaining a substan
tial majority in the Legislature, thus in
euririgr the < lection of a Republican suc
cessor to Senator George C. Perkins two
years hence.
majority. The campaign has been unu-
Buaily 'qu!et, due chirfly to the evident
general belief that the Republicans will
meet with success. The State is prosper
ous — more so. In fact, than it has been
"n years — and the pcopie generally give
credit to the present national administra
tion.
THE CHAIRMAN OF THE RE
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COM
MITTEE.
Indiana farmers are resolving the doubt
about the vote of the State. Their reso
lution is In favor of McKinley. This,
taken with the better" organization of the
Republicans, Justifies stating that while
Indiana must be looked upon as doubtful
until sundown of election day the pros
pects aro for McKinley securing the fif
teen electoral votes. The Democratic
State organization is showing marked
signs of improvement, yet at the. best it
cannot by November 6 more than equal
the Republican organization as It has been
for ninety days. There are some uncer
tainties, however, which leave the State
In the doubtful column. A week of mu&
and rain; a raw, disagreeable election day
would cloud the Republican prospectcs at
the very last minute. Having staked ev
erything on the farmer vote, they have
to meet the possibility of meteorological
conditions which would make a portion of
the farmers indifferent about going to the
polls. The farmer vote is put first be
cause it is the most potent element. If
the Republican hopes regarding < it prove
ill founded, then the State is going for
Bryan, and no strength of party organi
zation can s^ye Indiana. Bryan Jn 1S28
held the country vote* remarkably well.
It was the towns and cities which went
heavily against him. This year the con-
to Go for McKinley.
Farmers Expected to Cause the State
INDIANA.
The understanding now is that J. Kd
ward Addicks cannot be elected to the
United States Senate without the aid of
Democratic legislators. If the regular Re
publicans hold the balance of power in
the General Assembly there may be an
other deadlock, with the State of Dela
ware unrepresented In the Senate.
At the next session of the General As
sembly efforts are to be made to elect two
United States Senators, one to fill the va
cancy caused by the appointment of Judge
Gray and the other to succeed ' Senator
JOnney. If the Republican factions in
Kent and Sussex counties do not corne to
gether the Democrats will control the
General "Assembly on joint ballot. Har
mony in Kent County seems to be hope
less. If the factions vote together in Sus
sex County thr-y may elect six Instead of
four candidates to the House.
The contest for the control of the Gen
eral Assembly overshadows everything
else, and as a result the full Republican
vote will be polled. Harmony reigns over
the Addicks end nntl-Addicks forces. The
torms Union Repubicans and Regular Re
publicans are on the ticket for Presi
dential electors and State officers, but in
the choice of candidates for the General
Assembly fierce competition prevails. At
the joint primaries In Newcastle County
the anti-Addicks men won two of the
three candidates for the Senate and
twelve of the fifteen candidates for the
House. In the other counties each fac
tion nominated candidates. .
Istratlon have not given them much com
fort. In Wilmington particularly and in
the counties the registration until now
has been in favor of the Republican party
—in Wilmington by more than 2500. Reg
istration is to be completed to-day.
To. the Editor of The Call: Con
ditions in Nebraska Indicate posi
tively that Bryan will carry the
State by an increased majority.
The German vote is solidly for
Bryan this year, whereas four
years ago it was largely for Mc-
Kinley. I am inclined to think he
will carry the State by about
24,000.
The 'entire fusion ticket will be
elected.' and while the fight is like
ly be close on the Legislature,
everything points to fusion suc
cess in that direction. If* the Re
publicans elect" two of- the' six
Representatives from Nebraska
they will be doing well.
The organization of the Repub
lican managers in the State is very
good and they have an abundance
of money to arrange things, but
even that will not save them. Talk
of McKimey carrying the State of
Nebraska is folly.
JAMES DAHLMAN.
Chairman Fusion State Com-,
mittee.
OMAHA. Oct. 20.
BRYAN MAY WIN
IN NEBRASKA
FOR BRYAN DEFEAT IS INEVITABLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO \ CALL^ SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
14
< f*l I S 55
c - • o ¦ c - —c. - <-* ">
Z "' •» 5 ?V XT:
? S - K S= §3.
StATES. i 5 " s ? > ! X
: 3 r s : x : <
: c : : : . : S-
: v- ; : : c
• I • • **¦•*;•
; - : •-;- '• r. 5
Alabama : 11 . ? . • 11 | H-
Arkansas o o »
California .. 9 9 8 1
Colorado 4 4 1 4
Counecticut 6 6 6
Delaware ,3 3 3
Florida ; 4 • 4 , 4
Georgia 13 13 13
Idaho .* 3 3 3
Illinois 24 24 24
Indiana 15 15 15
Iowa 13 13 13
Kansas 10 10 10
Kentucky 13 13 12 1
Louisiana § 8 8
Maine.. G G 6
.Maryland- — 8 8 8
31assachusctts 15 15 15
Michigan 14 14 14
Minnesota 9 9 9
Mississippi 9 9 9
Missouri - 17 17 17
Montana 3 3 3
Nebraska — 8 8 8
Nevada 3 3 3
New Hampshire — .. - 4 4 4
New Jersey 10 10 10 .
New York 36 36 36
North Carolina — 11 - . 11 11
North Dakota 3 3 3
Ohio — .... 23 23 23
Oregon 44 4
Pennsylvania 32 32 32
Rhode Island ~- .44 4
South Carolina 9 -9 9
South Dakota 44 4
Tennessee- 12 12 12
Utah 3 3 3
Vermont 4 4 4
Virginia - \o 12 12
Washington.—— 44 4 j
West Virginia. 6 6 6
Wisconsin 12 ' 12 12
Wyoming 3 3 ~ 3
Total „;... 447 281.1 166 271 176
75.570 D
72,519 D
2,797 R
134,882 D
53.545 R
3,630 R
21 448 D
31.141 D
16,868 D
142,498 K
18,181 R
65;552 R
12,330 D
T81 R
55,138 D
45,777 R
32,224 K:
173,26 > R
58,8«8 R
53,875 R
58,729 D
58.727 D
32.043 H
13,576 D
64,039 D
35,744 R
87,692 R
268,469 R
19,266 D
' 5,649 R
47 497 R
2,117 R
295,072 R
22,978 R
19,266 D
183 D
17,495 D
202,914 D
51,035 D
40,490 R
19.341 D
-12,493 D
.11.487 R
102,261 R
583 D
Electoral, votes necessary to a. choice, 224.
-9
g 3
i ?
1
X
n
3
5>
c o
5S. *2
1 F
m
a* *;
pi
STATES.
Alabama..... 9 0 . ;
Arkansas 6 6 *U
California .'• -. 7 6 1 •
Colorado . 2 2 .:-. ;
Connecticut 4 4 , .
Delaware 1 1 : ¦?••!
Florida 2 2 ;
G orgia....: 11 . 11 ..
Idaho 1 1
Illinois 22 9 9 i\
Ind.ana 13 8 5
Iowa - 11 10 1
Kansas..... . 8 6 1 V,
Kentucky 11 5 6
Louisiana 6 6
Maine— 4 4
Maryland . :... 6 4 1 l!
Massachusetts.... 13 11 2 •
Michigan 12 12 :|
Minnesota 7 5 2!
Mississippi • 7 7 . •
Missouri.... 15 1 12 2\
Montana'. •• ' 1 1.
Nebraska 6 3 1 2 '
[New- h Hampshire . 2 2 •'.
• New Jersey 8 6 2 -•
New Y. rk......: 34 24 10 :S\
North Carolina...... 9 9 ';¦:'.
North Dakota........ :..... 1 l
Ohio.... 21 13 6 * 2*
Oregon ....:..... : 2 | 2 "!
Pennsylvania 30 23 7
Rhode Island....... 2 2 '
South Carolina '. 7 7 !
South Dakota.. 2 2'
Tennessee.* ..; 10 2 8
Texas.................... 13 13 ',
Virginia^l}:H!!;S-;*}*:i^:^*!^;:^ 10 "9 1,
,Wa-hincton :.... 2 2
West Virgiia. ........:........................ 4 3 1
Wisconsin........ ........;...................- 10 10 '.
Wyoming.. ......._. 1 ; 1 <
m
¦ _ •
¦ - : r m
: m
•
*:
i;
¦•Total................;. ...I 357 185 | 153 [ 3 2 14!
-9
g 3
i ?
1
X
n
3
5>
c o
5S. *2
1 F
m
a* *;
pi
STATES.
Alabama..... 9 0 . ;
Arkansas 6 6 *U
California .'• -. 7 6 1 •
Colorado . 2 2 .:-. ;
Connecticut 4 4 , .
Delaware 1 1 : ¦?••!
Florida 2 2 ;
G orgia....: 11 . 11 ..
Idaho 1 1
Illinois 22 9 9 i\
Ind.ana 13 8 5
Iowa - 11 10 1
Kansas..... . 8 6 1 V,
Kentucky 11 5 6
Louisiana 6 6
Maine— 4 4
Maryland . :... 6 4 1 l!
Massachusetts.... 13 11 2 •
Michigan 12 12 :|
Minnesota 7 5 2!
Mississippi • 7 7 . •
Missouri.... 15 1 12 2\
Montana'. •• ' 1 1.
Nebraska 6 3 1 2 '
[New- h Hampshire . 2 2 •'.
• New Jersey 8 6 2 -•
New Y. rk......: 34 24 10 :S\
North Carolina...... 9 9 ';¦:'.
North Dakota........ :..... 1 l
Ohio.... 21 13 6 * 2*
Oregon ....:..... : 2 | 2 "!
Pennsylvania 30 23 7
Rhode Island....... 2 2 '
South Carolina '. 7 7 !
South Dakota.. 2 2'
Tennessee.* ..; 10 2 8
Texas.................... 13 13 ',
Virginia^l}:H!!;S-;*}*:i^:^*!^;:^ 10 "9 1,
,Wa-hincton :.... 2 2
West Virgiia. ........:........................ 4 3 1
Wisconsin........ ........;...................- 10 10 '.
Wyoming.. ......._. 1 ; 1 <
m
¦ _ •
¦ - : r m
: m
•
*:
i;
¦•Total................;. ...I 357 185 | 153 [ 3 2 14!
< f*l I S 55
c - • o ¦ c - —c. - <-* ">
Z "' •» 5 ?V XT:
? S - K S= §3.
StATES. i 5 " s ? > ! X
: 3 r s : x : <
: c : : : . : S-
: v- ; : : c
• I • • **¦•*;•
; - : •-;- '• r. 5
Alabama : 11 . ? . • 11 | H-
Arkansas o o »
California .. 9 9 8 1
Colorado 4 4 1 4
Counecticut 6 6 6
Delaware ,3 3 3
Florida ; 4 • 4 , 4
Georgia 13 13 13
Idaho .* 3 3 3
Illinois 24 24 24
Indiana 15 15 15
Iowa 13 13 13
Kansas 10 10 10
Kentucky 13 13 12 1
Louisiana § 8 8
Maine.. G G 6
.Maryland- — 8 8 8
31assachusctts 15 15 15
Michigan 14 14 14
Minnesota 9 9 9
Mississippi 9 9 9
Missouri - 17 17 17
Montana 3 3 3
Nebraska — 8 8 8
Nevada 3 3 3
New Hampshire — .. - 4 4 4
New Jersey 10 10 10 .
New York 36 36 36
North Carolina — 11 - . 11 11
North Dakota 3 3 3
Ohio — .... 23 23 23
Oregon 44 4
Pennsylvania 32 32 32
Rhode Island ~- .44 4
South Carolina 9 -9 9
South Dakota 44 4
Tennessee- 12 12 12
Utah 3 3 3
Vermont 4 4 4
Virginia - \o 12 12
Washington.—— 44 4 j
West Virginia. 6 6 6
Wisconsin 12 ' 12 12
Wyoming 3 3 ~ 3
Total „;... 447 281.1 166 271 176
75.570 D
72,519 D
2,797 R
134,882 D
53.545 R
3,630 R
21 448 D
31.141 D
16,868 D
142,498 K
18,181 R
65;552 R
12,330 D
T81 R
55,138 D
45,777 R
32,224 K:
173,26 > R
58,8«8 R
53,875 R
58,729 D
58.727 D
32.043 H
13,576 D
64,039 D
35,744 R
87,692 R
268,469 R
19,266 D
' 5,649 R
47 497 R
2,117 R
295,072 R
22,978 R
19,266 D
183 D
17,495 D
202,914 D
51,035 D
40,490 R
19.341 D
-12,493 D
.11.487 R
102,261 R
583 D
Electoral, votes necessary to a. choice, 224.Non-Partisan- Law' Passed.
FRANKFORT, " Ky.V : Oct. 20.— The two
houses . of the Legislature this . afternoon
passed the non-partisan election law
agreed upon by the Legislature. There la
no doubt but that Governor Beckham will
si*n-it,;-: : ' . •; .--,.-:¦ ¦-¦¦¦¦•¦" ¦ v'j-^rc ,-;
Twice Within : a ¦'. . WeekV the Train
Passes ; | Over.'; Pieces '." of i Iron
Wedged Into, the Frog" of
•: "'..'. ; ; " ' a Switch.' J .-',
MONTEREY.'iOct.* 20.— Two .unsuccessful
attempts^ to, c^rail,, the Del! Monte
have been 'm'side' near this place during" the
past week.*':!_The 'first- attempt was mado
Thursday .last^theitraln^paesing over, the
obstruction vWlthqiit: damage because of
the low, rate .'of spfcedV ;Last r night a sec
ond attempt was. frustrated, by its discov
ery, just before the; train .arrived.
In both cases > heavy pieces, of, Iron had
been wedg<Sd Into, the frog of a switch'just
north of town, aijd'iiad". the train been
making fast -time disaster would unques
tionably have resulted. The railroad em
ployes here. have been > keeping the mat
ter quiet inthchopeof apprehending the
culprits, but as yet no cl«w to their Iden
tlty has been . discovered.
MACARTHUR SENDS A
REPORT OF CASUALTIES
List of Soldiers ; Who Were Killed
or Injured Fighting Filipino
' Rebels in Luzon.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— General Mae-
Arthur ;_ at Manila reports the following
casualties:
• Killed— Jean. • Luzon. - Company C. Twenty
fourth United States Infantry, James H. Benja
min.,. :'.'¦-¦ -:-". • : ¦ " '..'•¦ • . •
' Wounded— October 13, Company, K,' Thirteenth
Infantry, : Roy Gage, . wounded in ¦ thirh, mod
erate; Santa Cruz, Luzon, Company C. Thirty
fourth Infantry, Lord Robinson, aide, moderate;
October 7. Troop B. Eleventh ¦ United Stated
Cavalry, Frank ¦ Tracklea, - wounded In. foot,
serious. . . . - ¦: , ¦ '•¦ >• ;•. .
ATTEMPTS TO WRECK
DEL MONTE EXPRESS
Burned by Incendiary.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 20.— The fruit drier of
G. Urzi, on Taylor street, between Ninth
and Tenth, was destroyed by fire early
this morning. In the place were fifty tons
of dried prunes, two tons of peaches and
one ton of pears. The loss Is $5700, with
$2500 Insurance. All the fruit had been
graded and was ready for shipment. The
fire Is believed to have been the work of
an incenldary. .
Anglo-German agreemtnt as a "reassur
ing sign for the peace of the world" and
says that Great Britain, just as Germany
dots, expressly denounces all Idea of mak
ing use of the complications In China for
her special advantages and 'In economic
aims adheres to the principle of equal
rights for all.
James "W. Herkner.
STOCKTON, Oct. 20.— Death came late
to-night to James W. Herkner, a promi
nent merchant of this city and a member
of the firm of Grattan, McKee & Herkner,
grocers. Pneumonia was the cause of
death. He was a member of the Elks
and leaves a wife, two sons and a daugh
ter.
: and afterward make a separate treaty
with each power.
In article 1 China apologizes for the
I s»iege of the legations. In two she admits
her liability for losses. In three she urges
i that new treaties be made, each power
j to state its views thereon. In four jihe
! suggests that when the preliminary con
i vention is settled the Tsung II Yamen
j should resume business and when the in
! demnlty is arranged the powers should
i withdraw their troops. In five she con
• tends that the powers should declare an
j armistice when the negotiations for treat
j ies begin.
sion&ries by Boxers.
1>ETAIXS OF MASSACRE.
Confirmation of Destruction of Mis-
WASH1XGTOK, Oct. 20.— The State De
partment has received a dispatch from the
Consul at Chefu, under date of September
9, transmitting an account, based on ap
1-arently trustworthy information from
Chinese sources, of the massacre of mis
sionaries In ShansI province.
According to the account on June 28
some 300 Bosers broke into the compound
at Hslaoyishien, ¦when? Misses White
chnrch and Searll of the China Inland
Mission were living, and brutally mur
dered both women. The liext massacre
occurred at the mission station of Chi
nese Independent Workers of Shoyang.
where there were at the time Mr. and
Mrs. T. W. PIggott and son, Mr. Robin
son, Miss Duvail and two daughters of
Rev. E. R. Atwater of Tenchow-Fu.
These persons were driven from their
homes into the mountains and later ar
rested and taken to Taiyuen and pre
sumably akilled.
By June 20 most of the foreipn houses
at Taiyuen had been burned and MUs
Coombs killed. On Julv 9 the following
persons and about forty native Christians
were killed by order of the Governor:
Mr. Stokes and wife. Mr. Beynon and
wife and three children, Mr. Farthins.
wife and three children. Dr. Lovett, wife
and one child, Mr. Whitehouse and wif*.
Mr. Simpson and wife. Dr. Miller Wilson
and wife of Pingyangr-Fu.
The following day ton Roman Catholic
priests (French) were killed. Mr. and Mrs.
Dixon, Mr. and Mrs. McCurran and a
single man and woman, names unknown,
who were stationed at the English Bap
tist mission at Hslnchou. are said to have
escaped on horseback into the mission.
The mission of the American Board at
Taku was atacked on July 31 and F. W.
Davis. G. D. Williams, D. H. Clapn and
wife and Misses Rowena Bird and Susan
Partridge were killed. One hundred na
tive Christians were killed at the same
time. Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Atwater and
two children, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Price
and son of the American Board mission
at Fenchou-Fu ar.d Mr. and Mrs. Langicn
and Miss Eldred of the Swedish mission at
Fenchou-Fu were sent toward the coast
by the authorities on August 15. When a
short distance from Fenchou-Fu they
were killed by soldiers.
It is also reported that three Swedish
missionaries ot Yunglng Chou were sent
away and have not been heard from since,
and that five women at Chiiehhsiyhsien
made an effort to escape.
Miss French and Miss Palmer are re-
sorted to have fled to Hunptunirslen. On
\ui?ust 25 there were twenty forelgmers
;afe in Chongtien. among whom were Mr.
Jrtfflth, wife and 'child, Dr. Brown and
.vife, R. C. Bishop, three priests and five'
luns. flvo railroad men (one French, three
tallan and one Belgian).
Mission to Be Destroyed.
HONGKONG, Oct. 20.— The Chinese here
say October 23 Is the day appointed for the
aestruction of the mission In Kwangtung
province.
Anglo-German Agreement Praised.
BERLIN, Oct. 20.— An Inspired article
n the North German Gazette regards the
Tex: of a Preliminary Convention With Which Li Hung Chang and Prince Ching
Propose to Open Peace Negotiations.
CHINA WILL APOLOGIZE AND ADMIT
LIABILITY FOR LOSSES TO FOREIGNERS
Special CcHe to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Publishing Company.
rfcvriNG. Oct. 13.-The Emperor anj
Empress Dowager, with the court, are
now traveling from Taiyucn southwest 200
miles to Sinsran-:Pu, capital of Shens<i pro"v-
Ince. which is 500 miles from Peking, and
where thr-re are more comforts and
warmer weather. Seven days are required
for a telegram to po from there to the
Emperor via Shanghai and Hankuw
Prlr.ce Chi op and U Hur.g Chan-" ar<*
here. They propose to bepin the iiekotii
uens by a preliminary convention ol" five
articles applying alike to all the ddw««
CANAL PROJECTED
TO HEAET OF LONDON
Will Enable Steamers Now Landing
at Southampton to Discharge
Passengers in the
I Metropolis.
LONDON. Oct. 30.— The latest and most
important project on foot In England is
the construction of a canal from South
ampton to London. The surmise as to
the far-reaching consequences such a step
would entail is scarcely less interesting
than the fact that If it Is accomplished It
is likely to be through the instrumentality
of American capital. Coming on top of
London's adoption of the American transit
system and the utilization of American
money and brains, this latest project may
well be said to cap the climax. The route
from Southampton to London has been
carefully surveyed by competent engi
neers, who declare that the canal is not
only feasible but that It could be built at
a comparatively small expense. The
whole matter ha8 Just been put In the
hands of the same firm of contractors
which is handling Charles T. Yerkes 1 new
London railway.
The opposition encountered by the pro
moters of the Manchester ~-<1 Liverpool
ship canal, in Parliament and elsewhere,
would practically be as nothing to the
jealous efforts of other cities in the same
direction In this case, for since the Amer
ican line steamers made Southampton
their port 'of call Southampton has so Im
proved itself and ha» *o affected the trade
of other ports that It Is already regarded
with a jealous eye. That commercial rev
olutions will ensue from a ship canal en
abling tranp-Atlantlc and other liners to
land their passengers in the heart of Lon
don many hours earlier than by any other
route can easily be Judged by the grow
ing popularity of the smaller steamship
lines now salllntr direct from London by
the slow and difficult way of the Thames.
OSCAB WILDE NEAR DEATH.
Undergoes a : Surgical Operation in
a. Paris Hospital.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— The "World has
this from Paris: Oscar Wilde was taken
to a hospital a few days ago. Yesterday
he underwent a surgical operation, and
he is now lying dangerously near d«ath
at the Hospital La Salpetrlere.
Since making Paris his home, the Eng
lish poet' and playwright has been sub
ject to . many hardships. Lately he has
been almost absolutely destitute. lie has
grown bloated and absolutely helpless. A
few admirers .of his former. talent kept
him alive by charity. If he recovers,
Wilde will go to Scotland, where he has
been offered a home.
w OXDOX, Oct. 21.— The agreement
R between Great Britain and Ger
¦ ' many to maintain the territorial ln
.^Mritegrily-of China, while it savors of
independent action and will doubt
less be adhered to despite the protest' of
any other power. Is not looked upon here
as forming an obstacle to the progress of
negotiations upon the basis laid down in
the last French note, or Indeed upon any
proposition which will, not Infringe upon
the essential principles of the-Anglo-Ger
man compact.
The Associated Press is informed that
Lord Salisbury's reservations or recom
mendations, as he prefers to have them
called, when answering the recent notes,
especially that of France, all bid fair to
be accepted in toto or to result in, such
modifications that Great Britain will be
assured that territorial integrity will be
conserved and will be able to join whole
heartedly in the negotiations which may
already be said to be started in Peking.
In short, apart from the gratification
over the agreement with "Germany, a
much more hopeful spirit is evinced at
the Foreign Office at tne end of this week
than was shown last week ovep the pros
pect of a successful termination of the
negotiations and the belief that they will
not be dragged out over such^an Inter
minable period as to render ineffective an
eventual decision. Thore Is no effort to
conceal the fact that the new compact
is practically a repetition of Secretary-
Hay's "open door" note to . the powers,
though it Is pointed out that general con
sent to a principle differs greatly from
the publicly expressed determination of
two great powers to uphold it at all cost.
That Lord Salisbury should have select
ed Germany, or vice versa, to be a party
in this pronouncement is taken to be nign
lv significant of the close .relations be
tween .the two powers in Question and
may almost be said to constitute an al
liance, which, for purposecs of the imme
diate future, bids fair to bring Germany
into even closer touch with Great Britain
than she is with the other members of
the triple alliance, though it can be safe
ly asserted that Austria and Italy will
readily accept any invitation to concur
in *the principle enunciated by the Lord
Salisbury-Hatzfeld agreement. That the
United States will follow suit Is taken here
as a foregone conclusion, while the Brit
ish Foreign Office expects Japan and
hopes France will do the same. Russia,
of course, is a difficult factor In the situ
ation, but it is not believed that she will
stand out against the world, especially in
the face of such a patently aggressive
alliance as was announced to-day.
Able to Join Freely in
the Negotiations Prac
tical iy Started in
PEACE TERMS
SATISFACTORY
TO ENGLAND
By Cable to Tli© Oa.ll.-
RUMORED THAT
HOHENLOHE WAS
CROWDED OUT
Freely Asserted That Von
Bulow Will Have
a Very Stormy
lime.
Compact Meaning* More
Than Preservation of
the Open Door in
China.
ALLIANCE OF
ENGLAND AND
THE KAISER
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— The Journal
has this from London: ,Great
Britain and Germany have form
ed an alliance and England is
ordering her great fleet to get
ready for sea. The alliance ostensibly is
for the purpose of preventing the parti
tion of China and the preservation of the
open door of that empire, but there are
many things to indicate that it is a more
far-reaching and comprehensive compact
than appears on the surface.
It has just come out that the German
Emperor defeated a scheme on the part
of France and Russia to prevent England
reaping the fruits of her victory over the
Boers. The Kaiser expressed himself
convinced that German interests de
manded that the Boer republics be wiped
out and become part and parcel of the
British empire. .
Russia and France are especially aimed
at iqthls alliance. Russia, in spite of all
her protestations that she does not In
tend to keep any territory.. is not believed.
Statesmen know that, having taken Man
churia, she will hold It, and France will
back her up in this. It is to prevent any
such partition of China that England and
Germany have Joined hands.
Orders have been issued by the Admir
alty that all reserve warships must be
ready for sea at once. The country is to
be prepared for any emergency in view
of tne announcement of the alliance with
Germany.
SIX LIVES LOST IN
A MIMTNESOTA FIRE
Walls of a Warehouse Fall In, Bury
ing Assistant Chief Irvine
and Five Firemen.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Oct. 21.—Six lives
were lost In a fire at Cleveland and Uni
versity avenues this morning. J. D. Hin
man's Packing House, the warehouse of
the Northwestern Land Company. McCor
mick's warehouse, filled with agricultural
implements, and a row of tenements burn
ed. Assistant Fire Chief Irvine and five
other firemen were in McCormick's ware
house when the walls fell shortly after 2
o'clock and were killed. The property
loss is $100,000.
——»
Track Laying to Begin.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 20.—Work Is to
begin- next week laying the track of the
Arizona Southern Railroad from Bisbee to
Nacosari, in Mexico, a distance of over
100 miles. The line will eventually tap the
lower Sierra Madre region, which is ex
tremely rich in mining and agricultural re
sources, but heretofore valueless owing to
its inaccessible nature.
Special Dispatch to The' Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— The Journal has
this from Berlin: Intense annoyance has
been caused the Emperor and likewise
the noble house of Wedel by"the discovery
that an exceedingly scurrilous book, re
cently suppressed In this country before
being placed on the market, has been
translated Into French and English and
is being published simultaneously in Paris
and London, whence it doubtless will
reach the United States.
' It bears on its cover the significant title,
"My Relations AVith His Majesty Em
peror William II," by Countess Hermann
von Wedel.
The Countess, whose maiden name was
Emily Elizabeth Bearard, was divorced
Just a year before the Kaiser ascended
the throne from Count Hermann Wedel,
and owing to the manner In which the
Kaiser, , then only Prince William, was
Justly or unjustly made to figure in the
proceedings' Count Hermann has found It
more convenient , to live permanently
abroad since then, although the fact that
he retains a commission In tfte army and
a membership In the . sovereign Order of
Malta indicates that ! his conduct in the
entire affair was in complete accordance
with the laws of honor.
"What especially . annoys and dis
tresses the Emperor Is that the book in
question, which is certain to receive wide
publicity, conveys the impression that the
relations between the Emperor and the
Countess have continued since his acces
sion to the throne, an Imputation which
he resents.
Scurrilous Book Published
By Countess Hermann
VonWedel. \
CAUSES WILLIAM
MUCH ANNOYANCE
BERLIX, Oct. rO.— Count von Bu
low's accession to the Imperial
chancellorship and Prince Hohen
lohe's retirement still form the
all-absorbing topics here. Con
cerning the precise character of the scenes
in Homburg leading to the retirement of
Prince Hohenlohe, no authoritative state
ment has as yet appeared nor probably
will any appear. Private accounts differ.
The general Impression now Is that Prince
Hohenlohe's leaving office was not entire
ly voluntary, although Emperor William
did everything to "sugar tho pill." to the
tottering old man, who. until the last, he
dubbed "Uncle Chlodwlgr," and addressed
with the familiar "thou."
It leaks out that Count von Bulow him
self wired the Cologne Gazette the news
of bis appointment from Homburg and
that the final turn of affairs was only de
cided on late Wednesday. This explains
why Berlin Government circles remained
in ignorance of the change in Chancellors
until the decision.
Count von Bulow's position as Imperial
Chancellor will be beset with extreme dil
ticulties, and will require perhaps more
diplomatic skill than statesmanship.
Not alone will his Majesty want to con
tinue to be his own chancellor and exer
cise the right of ceaseless interference,
even in the most delicate matters, but
there will be also great parliamentary
difficulties; to overcome. The Agrarians
from the outset regard Von Bulow suspi
ciously, owing to his record hitherto, as
desirous to maintain friendly relations not
only with Russia but also with the United
States . and Great Britain, thus opposing
the tariff war which the Agrarians de
sire. To carry through the Reichstag the
commercial treaties now under way will
tax Von Bulow's full energy and genius.
At the best Von Bulow, like Bismarck,
will only be able to make politics "von
fall zu fall" (literally, from case to case —
meaning that the new Chancellor will act
in each case as It cornea up). In other
words, he will not follow a general politi
cal programme, but will be unfettered.
Private advices received by the Cologne
Volks Zeltung, the leading Catholic or
gan, say Viceroy Chang Chi Tung contin
ues wholesale executions in Hankow of
anti-dynastic plotters. Forty- two men
have been beheaded and the anti-Chris
tian riots in that province have been
stopped. But In the province of Honan
every church, chapel and ¦ congregation
has been destroyed and the Christians
murdered, except in one church, where a
Bishop and a number of missionaries
barricaded themselves and have hitherto
successfully resisted all attacks.
BALTIMORE. Md.. Oct. 20.— Governor
Roosevelt , spoke here to*night to as
many people as could get within the
range of his voice. He addressed two
meetings, one outside, the other Inside of
Music Hall, the largest auditorium in the
city, and everything he said met with en
thusiastic applause.
Governor Roosevelt was In fair voice
and made his . points with hlg usual
vigor and emphasis. His reference to
Senator Wellington was" received with
mingled hisses and applause and when he
ppoke of Mr. Bryan there was much
cheering and stamping of feet. Aside
from this there were no interruptions,
which was contrary to expectations.
BOOSEVELT AT BALTIMORE.
Head of a Fresno County Oil Syndi
cate Testifies Against the San
Franciscan.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 20.— The United
States Grand Jury now In session In this
city is looking for R. M. Gay of San Fran
cisco. Gay 13 accused of having made a
false affidavit, the object of which was to
obtain the lands of the Wabash Mining
Company, In Fresno County.
¦ Dr. J. H. Bryant, who Is at the head of
the syndicate owning the Wabash proper
ty, is said to have testified to Gay's alleged
perjury. Good faith mining operations
have been carried on by Dr. Bryant and
his associates since the lands were claimed.
and from a sworn statement tiled by the
president of the Wabash Company In the
United States land office at Stockton, It
appears that work has been accomplished
amounting to $30,000. *
GAY ACCUSED OF HAVING
MADE FALSE AFFIDAVIT
We are making a clean-up in. our sta
tionery department by closing out a lot
of odd writing papers and envelopes at
especially low prices. It will pay you to
come and see them. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,.
741 Market street, •
A Clean-TJp.
NEWS OF EUROPE AN CAPITALS.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ OCTOBER 21, 1900.
15
CARPETS— FURNITURE.. UfMOLSTEnr.
tti.tiO'tia.tao.iaarpsT street,
SAH FRANCISCO.
W. & J. -SLOANE & CO.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.
¦Extend an Invitation to Inspect
Their Large Assortment of
HAND-MADE
LACE CURTAINS,
Including all grades of Arabian and Renaissance
in the most Interesting styles, Duping this week
A SPECIAL SALE OF
High-Class Irish Polnfand NoYeltu Laces will he
offered at pfaGticallu manufacturer's cost. We
Quote for example;
Curtains, Regular $5.00 per pair, Reduced to 53.60
Curtains, Regular $5.50 pjr pair. Reduced to $4. (0
Curtains, Regular $6.50 per pair,' RetJuei h $440
Curtains, Regular S8 00 nor pa ; r, Reduced to $5.35
Curtains, Regular- $9.00 p;r pair, Reduced to $5.50
In our* immense stock will he found Lace Cur-
tains of all popular weaves from the serviceable
Nottingham, ranging in price from 75c per pair
and upward, ; ¦
;.. ; customers man rest assured that
anu orders lntrustei to us will liaye the personal
attention of the.manager of our Lace Curtain De-
partmeritf and that the veru best ¦ values will he
selected' In executlnu mairordeis.
Attention Is called. to our window dlsplau
during the 'coming week, where the special line
is on exhibition.
THE TRIUMPHS OF PERUN A INCR F ASF
jl kails iiiitiiiii KSLkJ xjk 1 lull Uliri 11.1 Vill^rlkJJL/
Thousands of Chronic j.
J&€^^^- Ailments of Women ij " I
*%|^- 1§§^ Disguised Internal.! §||f^i3l? |n|
\ J $^0%i Catarrh the Enemy : f
X '^^S^ Yet D !^ ised - ' '
a -v^v. Two Prominent Cases miss Caroline winnin,
MISS EMMA HERZIGER, ! in Illustration. Chicago. 111.
Neenah, Wis. I
"/ found three bottles of Myriads of Unpub- " Peruna ' s of special merit
%truna as good as a three lished Testimo- i m the f seases P ecu/mr f0 \
weeks vacation." nials on File. mmn - \
r J
rl^s: ssxs;£?isr *"" racc " o °- ' sha " °' m/ ' «^b^^S»S I!land
She says: ' speak well of ii in the future." ttU ... . , , . .-L.
- u "Health is heavsn s choicest gift
"I take great pleasure in acfaowf- \ tmma Herzl 9 er - to humanity, ani yat but few are in
edging the curative effects of Peruna. perfect health. Nature', laws are
Last year my system was crmnlKt»l* pourin K in. Dr. Hartman's immense faciii- not understood and doctors do not
s s jrnem was completely tlej for an? werin g these jettm have been administer ths propsr medicine to
run conn and our family physician laxed to the utmost a great multitude .. r r
' r J of women have been made well and happy *" B * B oases,
suggested that I take a trip to rs- again. This correspondence is strictly "It is therefore a pleasure to find
operate. ZSZ£^Vl£g&S8i thTieYters « """'ty <»«* »j" d ° "» * bairns.
"My sister-h-law then asked me WSS^S^iSSSSSStM Peruna is in my opinion the finest
io ir* P/»^»«« * * 4 ir l -a dreds. remedy for affections of the kidneys
to try Peruna, first iellmg me how it write him. Tell him ail about your and o J inep ae[v . c oraans and L r
had helped her. , did so, and found «^f &^ V^" *>~~»^
three bcttles as good as a three S?«« B b?"6hio. Addre5S Dn Hartman> of special merit" Caroline Winnin.
Peruna has been indorsed by over 50,000 prominent citizens of the United States, including the
follomng prominent persons:
Senor Quesadc, of the Cuban^ Legation, of Ex-Governor P. B. S. Ptnchback, of Louisiana.
Washington, D. C. Senator W. N. Roach, from North Dakota.
Rocker T. Washington, of Tuskeges, Alabama. Judson W. Lyons, Register of the U. S. I
Belva A. Lockivood, 619 "F" street, N. W., Treasury, of Washington, D. C.
Washington, 0. C. Hon. H. G. Worthmgion, ex-Mimster from
Senator Stephen R. Ma/lory, of Pensacola, Fla. Argentine Republic, of Washington, D. C.
Ex-Ch;ef Justice William C. Chambers, cf Congressman Amos J. Cumm/ngs, fiom New
Washington, D. C. York.
Congressman H. W. Ogden, from Benion, La. Governor W. M. Lord of Oregon.
Governor Joseph J. Johnston, of Mcntgomery, - Hon. S. Smtthmeyer, architect of the Con-
Acbcmc. gresstonal Libra y, Washington, D. C.
Major Genera! Joseph Wheeler, of Wheeler, Ala. Hal. P. Denton, Chief National Export Exposi-
GoverncrG. W. Aihrscn, of W. Va. tion, of Fhi/adefph.a, Pa. '
each department In charge of.a. specialist. Giv»
us a call, acd you will find us to do exactly aa
we advertise. We will tell you in advance ex-
actly what your work will cost by a FREE EX-
AMINATION.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late sci-
entific method applied to th« guraj. No sloap-
p reducing acent or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors la San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredient* to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectabl* front
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set ot
teeth, 13; a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns, $5. Gold fllllns-s. II. Silver fill—
inscs. 50c. All work done by GRADCATE DEN-
TISTS of from 13 to 20 years" experience, and
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANC1SCOL
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND, Op.
BRANCH .'..SEATTLE, WASH
B. ?.. December 4, 1899.— Dr. Wone Him. 115-
117 Mason St.. S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For th*
beneflt of others I wish to make a statement o£
my case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
ins with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced Incurable. Kearlnir of Dr. Wone
Him and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all h« claimed, and
after treating six months I am now well and,
strong-. Tours, respectfullyy,
MRS. BARLOW, 1027 Mission St., 8. F.
PIKOLE. Jans 23. 1899. — I tak« this means at
expressing: my thanka to Dr. Wong Him. 115-
117 Mason street. San Francisco, for havlns
cured me of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. I was a great sufferer for IS
years and found no permanent relief until X
tried Dr. Wone Him and In str months* Urn*
ha has cured me. Any person wlahlnc ma to
certify this can' find ma.
MRS. GEORGE BETA
Pinole, Contra Costa County, Cal.
SA:sr FRANCISCO. Oct.
/Mj/gmfflk «. 1300.— To whom It may
«aK^'^3 concern: This Is to certify
Imi that DR. WONG HIM of
y>*3^ I 115-117 Mason street. San
U/ A^X I Francisco, has ourad mo
2T>JJS / oi kidney troutola anil
§&T* m ~ I rheumatism and I am
happy to inaka this state-
yw?™/ XSjv caent. as I find tha Doctor
TiWb-Wi l<TN£>.^» strictly honest In every
TMfirfiWft^P •»"•» of th» word and aa
W6 « Ha ** s&^^ honorable man tn all his
dealings. DR. C. A. GAT, Deatlit. «02 Second
ave., Seattle, Wasb.
TO THE PUBLIC!
visit OR- JORDAN'S great^
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
X!f The L»rj«t Anatomical Museum In tha \
iftm/, V/ofid. V^eikar«»» cr »ny contracted *
SSTJUB diseaie pcsitlvly euro) By the oldait T
ISjtJl Specialist cutttCoui. Ejt. >5 --eju-v 9
flSKit 0R - "ORIMW-PSr/ATc DISEASES 0
>4t«3a Co^nltition frrt »nd strittlT pririie. \
I jt^B'n Trt iiment penonally cr by letter. AM
fl \f XI If rwJim C'urgiaereryciMund^take'v. \
Pf lift Writef«Book.raiLO»UPBYtf4
¦ a Ii xjiRuutr.. mauju) fxsb. (if
(J (J, «aJuaile back for mru> V
B>U- JOB9AX 4k CO.. 1C51 Market St.a F. f
SALT LAKE. Oct. 20.-^John McKee. a 15-
year-old boy of this city, met with a horrible
death to-day. While playing with some com-
panions he climbed up an electric light pole to
get a rope that had been thrown over the
wires and thoughtlessly grasped a wire carry-
Ing 2000 volts. The shock killed the boy In-
atar.tly and hurled the body to the ground.
When picked up McKee' s neck was broken, his
head crushed in and hla hands burned to a
crisp. .
«!»_^^g!OB^>»» m EI3 « Is • non-polsonrwa
m!^^lJ0 r«mrdT for Gonorrhoea.
O!e«?t, Sperznatorrhce»,
jSsatr In 1 to 4 i»ji.^J Whites, annttnral dlj.
BKm OoAnntstti s charges, or any in&erama-
WSiW »ot to •trUtarr. tlon. irritation or nlcerv
<anu(lan. tlon of mucous mem-
lf3«%THEEVAMS CHtMiCHCo. br»n«»- Non-astrlugonu
l5«CIN:imTI.0.BSa Sold by Orissslata,
.^EB8V C.8.A. SiTS' * <>at In pUln 'TaPPf^
J?3&/h1^ l^h^ b * express, prepaid, for
*1 CO. or 3 bottles. $2.73.
B CircuUr sent on request.
DR. KILMEE'S SWAMP BOOT,
ADVEitTISEMENTB.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 603 Cal.. Clunl* bd.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
I f WIT SAY £ f ft 'M Battery Street.
J- V- .ffUOUil tt LU-» Telephone Mala ISM.
COPPERSMITH. -
CW SMITH Sh 'P Plumbing. Steamboat and
n-JJlIllii Ship Work a tpecialty. 18 and
18 Wamhlagton it. Telephone Main WL
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WAS3.
* • Electrical Enrineer. M East ft.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS.BOYES&CO- Sjy&PSSfaP
OALVANIZINO AND MBTALS. v
M*fr. A Dealer In Metals & Galvanizing:. JOHN
FINN METAL WORK3. 3U Howard rt.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype) metaL PaclSo
Metal Worki, 137-9 First it.. San rrandaco.
OILS.
L.1TBRICATIXO OILS. LEONARD * vn.T.T+,
418 Front «t.. 8. F. Phone Main lTlX
PAINTS. ,
Cylinder ft Lubricating Oils. Schneider's MHIji*
• Candle*. C O. CLINCH A CO.. » Front. S. T.
PRINTINO.
E.CHOGKES, ms p .=:,o.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 Flnt it.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telerraphlo p AgTgIBfiE » Cgte*.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREK.V
RIVER COLLIERIES, Is the Best Coal tn ci«
jBwkci. Orflcs &sd Yard*-iJi) Mala strwv .;"
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths.
There Is a disease prevailing In this
country most dangerous because so decep-
7 I ]} I II IsfrXft Uve - Many sudden
Vdll& deaths are caused by
i <^§ it— heart disea*£
= rrfjl%)kJl x^v^ 1 pneumonia, heart
J| vSCj 'nNv^J pare often the result
5^\\^g }/\\\j, of kidney disease. If
-A BgTT j] 4 £i) kidney trouble Is aV-
t*2*\ ' |k\ \\ fc lowed to advance tho
t&Sf. t W rl U eJ" kidney-poisoned
N^ "' jy^jC" blood will attack tho
nSi.«»«w2U vital organs or the
kidneys themselves break down and vasts
away cell by cell.
Bladder troubles most always result from
a derangement of the kidneys and a cure la
obtained quickest by a proper treatment of
the kidneys. If you are feeling badly you
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver acd
bladder remedy.
It corrects Inability to hold urine and scald-
Ing pain in passing it, and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity of being compelled to
go often during the day, and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and (ha
extraordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is soon
realized. It stands the highest far Its won-
derful cures of ths most distressing cases.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and sold
by all druggists In fifty-cent and one-dollar
sized bottles. You may fCyf^"
have a sample bottls of jp^*^
this wonderful new dis- B^Sfftllwf Hi^S
covsry and a book that * si^S»Sii^^g3
tells all about It, both Eomaof9w«mp>Bao«.
sent free by mill. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co,
Blnghamton, N. Y. When writing mention
reading this generous offer in this paper.
H P* ri^ m r&tr "^J^H 1 Mn
y) Kauf.Tiann BtexM In Lucke'i ehoea p,
iKauffuanris ¦ %
1 T^L I
j " \^ I
opening
Our fall openinz this j!;5
:•• week is to introduce the ff:
:'i season's latest styles in I;::
:;• men's, women's and chil- •••
'/.: dren's shoes. . and inciden- •:!
•^ tally show people what a ;;:
:> fine line of Roods we carry. •*
¦*, ¦*'
¦* ii*
'. We are seilinc the fines: !|:
¦'¦', footwear that it is possible i: : ;
..' to obtain, iust as Lucke. ?:•
\ "* whom we have succeeded. ;•:
i :j did for more than 30 years. c:
r If 3 r ou trade here, you £
.;¦ will get first-class shoes ;'•;
ii; ar.d the prices will be only '¦'•':
¦:: : . just exactly what the shoes ¦•¦
|-; Johnston & Murphv's. ;-j
; : ; Laird, Schober & Co.'s. ['
¦¦ and other hijjh-grrade shoes :-j
.' in a larce assortment from : \'J
' which to choose and make i{; ¦
your buyinsr easy and proi- '¦]',
'¦'¦'• itable to you. j;'.
:: a 832 MARKET st.S.F^ ii:
ISMAR.
~ ISMAR, THE GYPSY,
Gives a Reporter a Pointer op
Two on Palmistry.
• A crowd of young ladies and gentlemen
were sitting In! the, reception room of
Ismar, the famous Egyptian Palmist and
Clairvoyant, at: 1^48 Market street, waiting
to consult her., r Ismar was being inter-
viewed by a reporter in her consultation
"There Is nothing In lines alone," she
said. "A short life line doesn't denote a
short life any more than does a long life
line indicate a long life. It all depends
upon the make-up of the line; Its color its
vitality, its swoop and swerve, its associa-
tion with the neighboring lines and a
thousand other things. Marriages, deaths
and accidents. Inheritance, travels and
sickness, changes in business ' surround-
ings, success or defeat in love affairs, the
true ¦ diagnosis of the physical condition
the reading of one's inadaptability for a
public or private or a business career, all
depend not merely on the lines themselves
but rather upon the hand as a ; whole'-
If you wish to study palmistry there, is
but .one book — Nature. '¦ -¦ .
The reporter left and Ismar began on
the crowd waiting for her. •EXTENSIVE TRAVELS OF
BOER GENERAL'S HAT
*. • -v. . .¦!.:.¦
Has Been Around the World and Is
Laden With a Multitude of
Tags.
VANCOUVER. Oct. 20.— An. old hat dec
orated with 138 tags has arrived In Van
couver by the steamship Empress of Ja
pan. The tags tell the story of the hafs
wonderful travels. It was sent from Eas
ton, Pa., to San Francisco on August 2
1899. Tag No. 1 reads: "Dear Friends— '
Please ship my hat to San Francisco and
return It to me." A young lady started it
on its long Journey at Easton, Pa.
The hat comes from . South Africa and
was originally worn by a Boer general.
It has been traveling ever since. It was
tagged every important city in the
States, reached Montreal on Its return
trip from San Francisco, took passage to
London, reached • there on Mateking day
and was nicknamed "Paul Kruger'*
Crown." It reached Hongkong by wav of
the. Red Sea and sailed via Hongkong to
Vancouver, missing the Australian boat
by one day. It will be sent to the Klon
dike and on Its return.be dispatched on a
Jaunt to the land of the Southern Cross
Some of the witticisms and rhymes on
the tags are very good and the unknown
lady who started out the hat has received
three proposals of marriage on the tags.
The hat' has been one year and three
months wandering, around the" world.
Mrs. Crockett Found Guilty.
PENDLETON, Or.. Oct. 20.— The Jury
to-day returned a verdict of murder in the
second degree In the casp , of . Mrs. Min
nie Crockett, - who has been on trial
for shooting her husband . near this city
on October -2. Th« penalty -is imprison
ment for life. -\m ¦¦ .'¦
Big Clean-TJp at Cariboo.
VANCOUVER, B. C, : Oct. 20.— The
clean-up for the - Cariboo hydraulic mine
to date .Is $290,000 for this season and
$50,000, more is expected to be taken oul
before winter. Many of the sharehold
ers in the property are Americans.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 20.— In the ar
rest of a woman who gives her name as
Ruby Brown, the police believe they
have captured the leader of a gang of
thieves which has been operating ln this
vicinity of late.
Suspicion was directed to her and a raid
made on her room. A miscellaneous col
lection of goods was. found ln her room
and seized by the police to be UBed as
evidence. The 'woman is remarkably
handsome and well dressed and wears a
quantity of Jewelry. • -
Last Thursday there was a case of shop
lifting: that was thought to be merely* an
ordinary Police Court case like dozens of
others. Two men went Into a clothing
store. While one bought an inexpensive
article the other, made. off with two valu
able overcoats. The thief evidently
passed the goods over to another party.
The coats were recovered, but the thief
was not caught. A. Mexican from Oxnard
was arrested on suspicion. He proved his
innocence; but told the officers there was
a gang of shoplifters in town. He said
the thieves had headquarters at Oxnard,
where they sold stuff they had stolen
from Riverside, Redlands, Pasadena,
Los Angeles and other places. The clev
erest one of the lot, he aaid, was a very
handsome young woman, the others being
Mexicans. In the evening several cases
of shoplifting were reported.
This morning an officer, saw two of the
Mexicans enter a ehoestore. Soon one
came out. He was arrested and found to
Ruby Brown Is Taken Into
. Custody at Santa
Barbara.
PRETTY WOMAN
SAID TO LEAD
THIEVING GANG
have apair of expensive shoes under his
vest. The second man was still In the
store, trying on shoes. He was also
placed under arrest.
A raid was then made on the room of
a woman who was under suspicion All
sorts of stuff came to liuht and she was
put Into Jail. She gave the name of Rubv
Brown. Letters were found on her per
son addressed to Oxnard. The police be
lieve that in her capture they have broken
up a gang that has annoyed the whole
southern part of the State.
which the majority of army officers can
not boast. Mr. Tyrrell's friends nay his
nomination is equivalent to his election
LIEUTENANT JOHN R. TTR
REL.L, REPUBLICAN NOMI
NEE FOR THE SENATE.
Those who are fond- of traveling- (and who Is
not) will hall with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. Thl3 charming land
has ' until T now '"; been : aecesiibU only by ilow
Bailing vessels, but on November 1st the popu
lar, steamship • Australia will sail direct, mak
ing the . trip; in lO^idays. A reduced round
trip rate has been made for. the flrst trip. Call
at MS Market street for Bailing- list. •
Papeete the Beautiful.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions !Gran ted.
Postofflce Appointments and List of
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.— Postofflce es
tablished: Oregon, Mosquite, . Malheur
County; Mary F. Goul, Postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned: Oregon-
George E. Stocker, Alba. Appointed-
California — Martha L. Metzger, Quartz.
Tuolumne County, vice M. C Randolph,
resigned. Washington — H. M. Spofford.
Piedmont. Clallam County, vice William
D. Dawson, deceased.
Rural free delivery service will be es
tablished November 1 at Ventura, Cal.
Pensions have been issued as follows:
California: Original— James Dean, Sol
diers' Home. Los Angeles, ?6: Augustus
W. Wlnsor, San FranciFco. $C; Charles H.
Rif.dorpt, l.odi, !<?. -Increase — Lorenzo 1).
Benton. Pasadena, $12; Albert Knoll,
Olive. $10; Bernhart Meyer, San Fran
cisco. $10: Hamilton Buck, Antioch. $8:
Benjamin F. Rawson, Fresno, $12; Harry
Hart. Oaktnnd, $12; George M. Walker,
Oakland, $12.
Oregon: Original— Michael Arquoit, Col
ton, $6; David S. Gibson. Shedds, $6;
Thomas Fuchs. Mount Angel. $6. In
crease — James Orr. Grants Pass. $S.
Original widow— Eliza T. "Woodward,
Portland, $12.
Washington: Original— Michael McGreal,
Ellensburg, $6: Reason Tippie. Sumner, $8;
Joseph M. Ripley. Seattle, $6. Increase-
Bennett E. Loomls, Bucoda, $S.
BIO FLUME COMPLETED.
MADERA, Oct. 20.— The shrieks of whis
tles and sounds of cheering this afternoon
announced the completion of the longest
flume m the world. Promptly at 4:30 Col
onel E. H. Cox, secretary and manager of
the Madera Sugar Pine Company, drove
the last spike in the flume box connecting
with the sugnr pine forests in the moun
tains sixty miles away. A large crowd
had gathered -to witness the ceremonies
and cheer after cheer went up as the
water rushed into the chute like a min
iature fall. 4 A celebration consisting of a
barbecue and various athletic sports will
be held on the 29th and 30th In honor of
the event.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 20.— A bad quar-
ter of an hour awaits several High School
students next Monday when the faculty
members to get hold of tnera because of
their rowdyism on Ingraham street last
night.
The trouble arose from class rivalry and
the Inability of some of the Higft School
youngsters to recogniza the difference be
tween excusable class contests at school
and offensive impropriety upon the public
Btreets. ,\..\
A party was given last night to mem
bers of senior A class of the Loa Angeles
Los Angeles Seniors Roughly Han
dled While Escorting Young
Ladles to a Social
Gathering.
HIGH SCHOOL PUPILS
GUILTY OF ROWDYISM
High School by Pernle Davidson at 1033
Ingraham . street. A crowd of thirty or
forty disorderly boys lild in wait at vari
ous points and seized .the young men who
were on their way to the party subjecting
them to all manner of indignities, regar.l
less of the fact that most of them, were
escorting young ladles. On© of tha boys,
who accompanied a Hl^h School teacher.
was dragged away, muffled with a gunny
sack and beaten over the mouth to sto?
his cries for help. One youth, who la
prominent ln the younger set's social
functions, so far forgot himself as to
strike several girls who attempted to In
terfere. The president of the Star ar.d
Crescent was bound to a tree. Hl3 ,<i.co
was painted and, when finally releafW.
ho was menaced v.ith threats of w£a:
would be done to him on his way home.
Policeman Sawyer was finally dis
patched to the scene at the request of cit
izens of the neighborhood. He soon dis
persed the noisy crowd. Two of the boys,
both High School stutTenta. were taken by
the officer, but were released upon giv
ing their names and a promise to go
home, which they did with great alacrity
after a vigorous shaking by the officer.
The ringleaders are members of tha senior
B class, but a number of unae-r-class
mates took part ln the affair. Th« narafj
of some of the leaders are in the hand"*
of the teachers, together with hats and
other means of identification.
LIEUTENANT TYRRELL'S WINNING
FIGHT FOR THE STATE SENATE
Republican Nominee for Nevada," Sierra an r d ;
Piumas Counties Strongl/ Supported.
Special TMspatch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY. Oct. 20.— John R.
Tyrrell of this city, the Republi
can nominee for Senator from
Nevada, Sierra and Piumas coun
ties, has been making the most
active kind of a campaign. Mr. Tyrrell Is
one of the active business men of this
section. He came to Grass Valley when a
child and he won his way to prominence
through his own exertions. After serving
his apprenticeship ln the mines and
again in one of the leading iron works of
San Francisco he finally took up the
etudy of law, but on his return to Grass
Valley opened a commercial establish
ment. His Ptndy of the law continued,
however, and shortly after his admission
to the bar he was elected Justice of the
Peace of Grass Valley Township, which
office he filled with credit.
Mr. Tyrrell finally resigned his position
and took up the practice of law, in which
he was unusually successful. Upon the
breaking out of the Spanish war he en
tered the service of the United States as
first lieutenant of j Company I. Eighth
Regiment, U. • S. V..' and remained in the
service until mustered out at Vancouver
Barracks at the close of the war.
Mr. Tyrrell is at present a member of
the Board of Education of Grass Valley.
His friends and the men who served with
him during the war are enthusiastic over
his candidacy. His comrades say ha
treated them as an equal and gratified
their every want, which are qualities of
Mountaineers Gatner at
Sonora From All Points
in the County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SONORA, Oct.- ?0.— Tuolumne Republi
cans gave Sam D. Woods, their nominee
for ..Congress, a big demonstration to
night and showed their party spirit in the
preparations for the event and the mas
terly attention to details. Excursions
came in from Carters, in the lumbering
regions east of Sonora and Jamestown,
and from Quartz and Stem, west of here.
The excursionists were met at the station
by Republicans carrying torches and
transparencies, and the line of march to
the hall was brilliantly illuminated. Bon
fires blazed, rocktts screeched, bands
played and the great crowd shouted in its
enthusiasm for the ticket. The Soulsby
vllle band came with the contingent from
Carters, and the streets were crowded
long before the hour get for the meeting.
The hall was beautifully decorated and
was packed to the doors, and several hun
dred persons could not get into the build- j
ing. Frank W. Street presided. Mr. )
Woods was in fine voice S and made a I
strong and convincing speech. He spoke!
at length on the political questions of to- |
day ar.d promised if elected to work hard '
for Government aid in the storage of
mountain waters. He pointed out how
the Government could lawfully undertake j
and carry out the necessary Improve- I
ments, citing Supreme Court decisions to j
that end.
As is itf ual at Mr. Woods' meetings. '
many ladies were present and Joined in
the earnest applause at telling points in
his address. This was the larg<?at politi
cal meeting held in Tuolumne in twenty
years. J
Oratory at Mill Valley.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 20.— A large and en- I
thusiastlc meeting was held at Mill Val
iey this evening. The streets were ablaze '
with bonfires and Japanese lanterns were I
everywhere. A special train brought
Richardson's band from Sausailto with a
large crowd of visitors. The principal
speakers were C. M. B^lshaw. Jud C.
Brusie and T. P. Boyd. Mr. Belshaw. who
for several wce!»s has been canvassing
this county in his fl.arht for joint Senator,
was accorded a rousing reception. The
meeting was held under the auspices of
the Mill Valley Republican Club.
Sproul at Grass Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 20.— Democrats
to-night turned out en masse to greet J.
D. Pproul, Democratic nominee for Con
gress? in this district, and his reception
was an enthusiastic on*. Prior to the
meetlns: the streets were illuminated by
bonfires and bands rendered a number of
selections. The barracks where the meet
ing: was held was filled to its fullest capac
ity, hproul talked principally on national
Issues, but also talked on the mining ques
tion. He was well received.
Young Wempe's Debt Paid.
SAN JOSE, Oct r».-The brothers of G.
\Vempe. who was accused of defrauding
T. W, Hobson out of 5130, have come to
his ale' and the complaint in Justice Ro
senthal's court has been dismissed. The
order which young "Wempe had given on '
the ilrm of Wempe Bros, of San Fran
cisco has beon honored. As f.oon as they
learned it w*s a legitimate debt and their
brother was to be arrested. they sent Hob
son a check for his money.
Santa Bosans Hear Delmas.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 20.— Hon. D. M.
Delmas of San Francisco addressed a
packed house at the Athenaeum here to
night under the auspices of the Demo
cratic State and County Central commit
tees. Excursion trains had been run
from Healdsburg, Cloverdale and way
stations and Park's Band furnished
music. Mr. Delmas' address was a mas
terly effort ami had close attention.
Address by Democratic Nominees.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 20.— A flattering
reception was tendered the Democratic
nominees for office at' this place to-night.
The meeting at the Alhambra Theater
was addressed by J. H. . Henry, nominee
for Congress: R. S. Thornton, nominee for
joint Senator of San Mateo and Santa
Cruz counties, and Louis J. Frank, nomi
nee for Supervisor from the Third Dis
trict.
¦ " ¦ •
Coombs Speaks at Eureka.
KURBKA, Oct. 20.— Hon. Frank Coombs
of Napa, Republican nominee , for Con
gress from the First District, was greeted
to-night by the largest audience of the
season. . His speech. was the fifth he has
made ln.Humboldt, he having addressed
assemblages ln Arcata, Ferndale, Fortuna
and Scotia. .
Rally at Kelseyville.
KEL.SEYVIL.L,E, Oct. 20.— Ernest "Wcy
and of Colusa and Robert Corlett of Napa.
candidates for tho Assembly and Senate
respectively, and D. E. McKlnlay of Santa
Rosa addressed a large meeting of Repub
licans here this afternoon.
REPUBLICANS
OF TUOLUMENE
GREET WOODS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIRGINIA CITY. Oct. 20.— Virginia
City's populace to-day celebrated the in
troduction of electric power for operating
the Comstock mines. One hundred mining
men from San Francisco and other coast
points participated. Several hundred peo
ple assembled at the depot and as the
train drew in the visitors were greeted
with cheers and the stirring strains by
the Comstock Band. The San Francisco
guests were escorted to four-ln-hand car
riages and driven to the International
Hotel for luncheon and entertained with
music. Then they were driven to the
Gould & Curry mill, where a large
crowd of citizens had assembled to wit
ness the starting of the plant.- •
Mrs. Davis, the eldest daughter of
Superintendent Kinkead. after, breaking
a bottle of champagne and pouring H3
contents into the Kinkead crushers at 2
o'clock turned on the electric current that
set the entire mill machinery In motion,
crushing 'the Gould & Curry, ore with
'which the 'bin 1 "under the roof 'had been
filled. The process of rockbreaking, crush
ing and" concentrating was witnessed by
as many spectators as could find standing
room. The starting of the mill was an
nounced by a cheer that rose above tho
roar of the machinery and the delivery
of electric power on the Comstock lode
was an accomplished fact.
To-night a banquet was given at tho
International Hotel and covers were laid
for over one hundred people. George H.
Wells, John Lenders, Herman Zading and
Mortimer 'Fleishhacker of San Francisco
were the principal speakers.
Virginia City Celebrates tne
Completion of New
System.
FIRST USE OF
ELECTRICITY ON
THE COMSTOCK
¦ ; , * 1
callty and the residents of Rlneon are ,
grateful to Sheriff Coburn for his prompt
arrest and conviction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CORONA, Oct. 19.— Jose Alvarez,
the Mexican. • who confessed to
. having committed a felonious as
sault upon Miss Ruby J. Holstead
near her home at Rincon last
Sunday evening. Is now on his way to
San Quentin In charge of Sheriff Coburn
of Riverside. Alvarez was arraigned be
fore Superior Judge Nojes at Riverside
yesterday and entered a plea of guilty to
the charge preferred against him by Miss
Holstead and. expressed no sorrow for the
crime. He was sentenced by Judge Noyes
to ten years' Imprisonment ln San Quen
tin.
Alvarez Is but 19 years of ag«. Al
though young In years, he Is eld ln ras-
Enters a Plea of Guilty and
Is Given a Teh- Year
Term.
Starts for the Penitentiary
Five Days After His
Assailant of Miss Ruby Holstead at Rincon
Sentenced to San Quentin. . ;
JUSTICE SWIFT IN DEALING OUT
PUNISHMENT TO JOSE ALVAREZ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
'jose;. aLvarez. i sentenced
TO SAN QUENTIN FOR AT
TACKING A RINCON MISS.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How It Breaks Up Colds.
i ¦ ¦;¦-'• ' ¦.¦-¦.¦..
Dr Humphreys' famous Specific "Sev-
enty-seven" breaks up a Cold by restoring
: the checked circulation, known by a. chlll-
or chilly "feeling, the 'flr3t' sign of a Cold,
it starts vthe ; blood coursing through the
veins and at once breaks up the Cold.
"77" acts directly : > upon the disease,
without exciting disease or disorder ln any
other part of the system.
"77" cures thoroughly; no bad after
effects; no - stuffy^, head ; no Catarrh;', no
sensitive throat; no prostration; vigor and
strength being sustained during the at-
tack.
"Seventy-seven" consists of a small vial
of pleasant pellets; fits the vest pocket
At drtiggists, 25c.
Doctor book mailed free, .
Humphreys' ¦ Homeopathic Medicine Co., Cor.
William' & John Sts.. New York. ¦
RHEUMATISM
—AND—
WEAKNESS CURED
By Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt!
Dr. M. A. Mclaughlin '^ -*fii^^^ f _/ Z^&
Dear Sir: Several months ago I V—^~- — y /^ : '^^r 'm
purchased one of your high 'WqJt
grade Belts, having suffered "^ ' .' ; '-'' #W^ '
from { Rheumatism and weak- '^S^S^^S-i}/^^^^^'^.
ness ln my arms and legs, and '" "' Wt^^^^S^~'"
occasionally in the back. My wfi^^figra©*
back was very weak and painful. I used your Belt as you directed,
and am happy to state that it has done all you claimed it would,
all signs of the trouble being gone. I have not a pain or an ache,
and will cheerfully recommend your Belt. Yours very truly,
Dr- Mclaughlin's Electric Belt. Yon Can't Lire Withont ft.
When vnnr ,.„.„ _«_ , Electricity is a oeceMary element In
aching w»w «ra« h « v Cak^ S 0Ur back * ver r P h y» lca » *>°<*y- All nervous and ««-
your nights withSu?r^r ak and . &***?"<¦> cular life Spends upon It. Tou lose U by
and you hav. S2?n- T U JS ur Ilwr torpl<1 expomMTf>. overwork, worry or any overtax-
your body with af«M lfre r, nt Tt , a ot atlon ot th * mentaJ °* Physical toroem.
lack of eAerVv and -n \ Z ¥ Iaj!8itud /- ll a then you feel pain and debility and go Into
occupation £u tin t&Z\ tor your^ d !i ly a decllne - X " store thIs ***** P° w " w '^
El^strlc Belt the !^ m . 5r fc won<!erfu ' my » nv « nllon . whlch y° u we *r while you
Iti^ touch is the toirh °r nealtli -, ,„ «»«eP- and » h "i >»« a^ake ln the morning
ke^s E^ ,^ lV "- the ™rS5SSSSr an h | & SSi» sWnlns '- yoU and ™
keeps up the life of your nerves and blood. u . „ ,. - w
it wii i HeI P Yonrsslf TcDay.
1 I WILL CURE YOU. T ajrn offering you freedom from slcknesa
" Mnw »— *"** the restoration of perfect health. «o
»hl , i ? ny one "niaJn m doubt a» to irrasp it now : whil» you bar* it at hand. '
tne \aiue of this grand remedy when you Call and see me. or write and let me send I
S^,*.? 0 !.?*^ cures b y 't? Do you still you my beautiful Illustrated book, full of ,
i£ ,i I \ ,^ ould >*«« believe your neigh- thlr*a you will like to read. If you have ,
i^T, kTm oId you u had cured him? Would tried other remedies without success, don't
nSfnl. i« f evidence of respectable despair. Nature offers you a cure for every '
£?m~L i i you^.5 wn town? Then see my 111. and my Belt ia what you need. Act to- I
testimonials. They come from everywhere day.
7\*\™ «vL Cla T 8 of P*°ple-and prove my My Belt Is never Bold ia dru* stores nor,
claims over and over. , by agents. . '
FREE" BOOK— Come and see m:, or, if yeu can't call, write for my '
TlON" n p HV ' mD : on ? blanks . which, are sent, scaled, free. CONSULTA- |
Office hours— 9 a. m. to 8:jd p. m; Sundav, io to t. — !
HR M A TWrtT onrrVllilV T02 Wor Ket St.. Cor. Kearny <
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— Ex-Secretary Sher-
man's condition was unchanged to-nlKht. H#
passed a fairly comfortable day. and at his
residence to-night' It was said that he was
resting easier. ¦'¦> *
MONTERET. Oct. 20.— The bitter fight that
»« confidently expected ln the City Council
meeting lain night over the pending ordinance
to increase the citr liquor license from $20 per
quarter to $200 per year in advance, xraa
averted by a compromise, and the result was
the paasa«<» of an ordinance increasing the li-
cense from %Z0 per quarter to J100 per year.
RIDICULOUS! I
That is exactly what we mean
when we quote you these prices
as below. . (
Read, come and be convinced. <
Also the balance of the stock ]
will be sold proportionately as ,
cheap.
Mipn V 9r4nitq 9O
1V1 tJll O • O v4I Lo ¦ ;«f ¦ ¦ <p^M^L\J
l\/fcit-i*Q Ovprrn^tQ O Q^
i vi cu 1 1 o v-/ v c i y~* v_/ c*. co > ¦ ¦ +zi* * iy \_j
Boys' Knee Pants Suits . .9&
Boys' Knee Pants . . . .10
Men's Dress Pants -. . 1.45
Men's Wool Underwear . .25 ,
Men's Dress Shirts . . . .35 '
Men's Hats, all colors . .85
COME EARLY WHILE THE
ASSORTMENT LASTS...... \
Above Fifth. ;
THE MONARCHJ
Formerly Always the Cheapest. i
CARROLL & JOHNSON. «
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Price 25 cents. Audrueplsta. or sent po«t
P. a |d on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
I ORD. in K. esrlnc St. Los Anireles. Cti
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
E LADIES' 51.25 f\l|D QTrARY GROWTH THE BEST 3
B MOCHA GLOVES. UtIIV 3ILAUI UKUVYin. j|. OO UNDERWEAR. I
5= FOr MOadaT 89C Pair. ll .. ll Norfolk and New
*T^ II 1§ ' M3r * or even th « casual customer to Bee that this etore is Brunswick Vests and ""•
Only rs dozen to be growing, and lt'« easy to tee the reason for It. The greatly increased Pants for ladles Jer- Z£
tmmm yn\y a cozen io or stQck mon carefuUy chc6en im p roved serv ice and more tempt- ,vV? .. laGI "" ,. J f =^S
•;- placed on rale. In rray m B prices tell why the etore grows. Anything purchased of us must 8ey r' bt > e d wool \ests _^5
end tlack; the best be rirht. If It Is not, we will make It so. When you bring our . In natural and white, ~^g
S^ n •«; e-lnrii Kold In the 5^1 ** ck "* "** ke an eichanee or have your money refunded, you long and short sleeves, — •
5^: n J> glove eold in the be r^^y^ , n the same gplrlt ag it you caLmtf tQ buy We dr aw er8 t0 match an
•*— city. We will fit them would rather sell to one customer ten times .than to tea customers , , , «i,' Jm
2= If cerlred and ruaran- o***- We liwal t «"» opportunltj- to rrwe this. slzes ' s P e dal value
fc tee tt«n to wear weU. ] I ' $1.00 EaCh. TS
g SACRIFICE SALE OF KOVELTY SILKS. A MEAT SALE OF NAPKINS. I
fc t». «5i,;°?^S'"?e?, n ?.?. c My T^™ r .,« , d . 2OO ° Omen at a Saving cf One-Thrd.
!T" vertlsemects is dui? to our splendid value Riving, and to-mor- Every good housekeeper vlll profit greatly by seizing the — «•
0^. row's epeoial offering will again crowd our silk counters. About opportunity offered to-morrow. We bought this enormous quan- -Jg
•*- fiOO YARDS 1n all. closed out from a wholesale house, com- tlty from an embarrassed linen importer at a tremendous
J~ prt*lmt hemstitched Taffeta* and Pllwe Cords ln the choicest price concession and Intend to ftlve you the benefit of this grand — .
«^— dark cnlorlne». and ln -white, light blue. pjnk. lavender and purchase. " ' —^
?^— blaclc; zll to be sold «t a Trie* that ¦will «b?olutely dip- KQ^, The Napkins on sale were manufactured by a factory which THS
w~ pcff cf them in one day. BEST ?1.<M> SILKS. .YARD Oi7v has a standard reputation for malting the mci.«t tlerendable and
fc: IMOTUPQ Rl \0V TACCCT/ QOi.fl>! "T-'nrh Mark nil-boiled rpllahle qualities. You will find the neat»« and choicest pat- _T;
AHUIntn DLAIK lArrtlA irCUlAL. «V,«« 1 tcrn6 represented in this lot, which will Le soU at one-third lefs
92C fOr Sl.1'5 SILK. «™ q™«<.v than thdr aot U .l valu,.
SZ the Idea: 6 ;ik for al'-an.und we«r. We h^T^SSS a'TrnTt'ed I2C0 COZ. * SIB, llglill! Vcl 'e $2.00. OR S?h $!.4) I 01. =5
| B^^^f^^SSS^92c 8C0 doz. ! size, regular v !ue $2.75. on Sale $1,95 doz, |
I "-affSST" 53-INCH BROADCLOTH §2lI P£CIAL %= wn i
0 -^° e r e ow «^ <i0^ $5-75— A SUIT— 85.75 I6 5C A YARD.
•— ; Comforter* which we nr r i,, AO \/«i lie • •» n*-» A Brand asBortment -^e
ZZ pronounce exceptional REGULAR VALUE $7.50. t0 be ghown the flrst
•^ V^k U !i A l fln ' t?"*- 111 / 1290 yards fine <l uaJit y Brcadclcth-the specially t&voTtA fall fabric— will time to-morrow. The
¦*— tern« and colorfn««. has **• offere^ at a special price. It combines richness and elegance with all newest colorings and -^
«•¦" been used for them. the elements of eervlceableness, E3 inches wide, ln shades of cardinal, rax- tne Tnoet exquisite de- Z^Z
g^ tufted con^orters for. a ralt « oa **** BUTTtI>O — used so much for wrap-
c«— which you pay 8 DO; pers and sacquet; on
" P ™T__ _.^... CflO 'UniinAV NM°eh extra heavy, double -warp Black Cher- +T** — ami * at
gT" SI. 95 EACH ¦' rlin nlUnUAT. lot. the 1100 Quality, for Monday .".T"..TARD T T C IS%C YARD Z^
I AMAZING VALUES IN WOMEN'S SUITS. ANOTHER SALE GF SAMPLE SILK WAISTS, i
There 1 * economy ln antldpatlnr your wants now ln fash- -, -^ -^ __ __
lonaile pult-. Our variety i« large. Exreiirncc cf material and S3. 95 tAflM <5 CkK — —
jT^ perfection of workmanship stamp every me or them. They were «*»^»ww a.#-a^#n -^
g r,o.i?: s\ToS: ,ssvs: our low soid »•«-•>!»« »6. 00 and $7. 5 o EaC h.
PEBELF CHEVIOT On *" Je commencing to-morrow. We have »«c«"-*d asraln a sample line of Ladles' Silk Waists =2
« fit r,,l m, j. m «« SSAIS-wool Black Pebble cheviot '™m a le^lnR Philadelphia wai Bt manufacturer. Every one Is 12
ZZ 55.95 Each. Wortn $8.00 kl^ rK |f n rt orr^ d e flnlsh?<1 ln the lateet fashlcn wlth tuckln^ ¦»« hemstuAtng 3
5^ "^n- They are perfectly tailored, with rowg of stitching around" and mad * of a 1 yallt y Taffeta that you can depend upon; in — •
S- *>WloTn. the latest style, in all sires. JS values, for CCT.H5 «1> the new Fall colors, including black, all sizes. On ,r. rtO^ -3
** cb "le Monday Each SS~
% VERY SPECIAL 0FFER1H3 IN SHIELDS. BLACK S4TIN RIBBONS AT HALF PRICE LADIES' MACKINTOSHES $5.50 EACH. 3
~- An unusual circumstance presented itself I 2Hc YARD. WORTH 25c. . v, ,
•£r to buy a big lot of I>re«s Shields at half COO pieces— all the jobber had left— cio«>rt * ? W ; hl P™ ent ust received from the — «•
Sf= Price and our buyer took them all. They out for spot cash They are •strfcm- Zri 5 Ct °7- J^ rerfect-hanglnjr garment, made ;—
?$S^Sffi£8AS afe^^fi-wffi^t-si-s m^^sasssstSiSs^
H On special sale at Pair IOC sol^ Mo'JgVt.'. 1 !.?.^...^ 12^ jgffl. $5^
*= $1-00 MOREEN COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION I FRENCH FLAN- 1
Pn» QQc k YiRn ' " — * NEL WAISTS. 22
•T" '"n daC A TAnU. annim Por Monday
c^ ¦ *jtiv« i <1 j An exepp- A £f^^^^^ />3r •—> A. JTejculnr value f2 SO "-55
m^_ r » r*h" 9^ * c-- * -*ffly duck , in issnlon* —^>t$
I m THE OWL I
1 /£& DRUG CO., I
| fe Kfkin Out Rate Druggists, I
I *^MiL 1128 Market St., I
8 V^/J^sl EAN fra:s "cisco. p
ri F^M Tenth and Broadway, |
B OAKLAND, ¦
B Regular Owl Prices: i
{ Bcotfs Emulsion 75c h
M Plnkhair'R Compound 75c H
a farter's Pills 1.1c H
rl Paln*'e OVlery Compound 75c H
H Pl^rce'e Presfrljitfon 7Cc H
M Theater Roupc -tBurJols) 15c H
fl Swandown Powder lOc K
KJ GossasiT Powder 15c R
? Herbert's Powder 35c H
fl Lablache Powder 3Oc tt
M Bazln'« Depilatory 35c D
¦ M«*r.nen> TaJcum Powder 15c E
»1 Lesley's Talcum Powder.lOo. 3 for 'Me Ij
fl Java Powder 35e H
fj Saund<»r«' Powder U5c B
fl PozToni'r Powder 35c H I
B Calder'K Dentine 15c if
H Goenell's Cherry Tooth Paste :t5e M
H MaJ\ina Cream 35o B
M Vaseline Camphor Io« lOc H
U Che«spf>r>r<nirh Vaseline, pound iUi" H
g Pears' Soap. 5 for ;45c El
fj Cutlrura. S<.ap 15c §2
fcj Belladonna Plasters. ...lOc. 3 for 25c H
M Tapslcum Plarters 15c, 2 for 25c K
Fl Manhattan Porous Plasters K
H lOc. 3 Tor 245e S
9 Al!cock"s Porous Planters E«
H 15c. 2 for 25e ¦
H Allcock's Corn Pla«era 15c B
H $5.00 Drug Orders , Delivered Free §
gj To all points within 1C0 ni'cs E
a of Sar Fraiciseo. k
FURNITURE AND CARPETS
AT 20 PER CENT DISCOUNT
FROM RE6UUR PRICE.
Fre* delivery within 200 mllem.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open evenincB. Near Powell.
. AD v J^ttTISTTM ta ro xS.HARTFORD, Conn.. Oct. 20.—
Charies Dudley Warner, the au
thor and one of the owners of
the Hartford Courant. died sud
denly this afternoon. Mr. War-.
ner had a very severe attack of pneumo
nia two years ajro while in New Orleans
and had never fully recovered from it-
Last spring he had pneumonia again
while at his home, and this had weakened
his heart. Of late he had been much bet
ter.
At noon to-day Mr. Warner attended a
luncheon to bid farewell to some friends
about to leave for the Mediterranean. He
was cheerful and gave no Indication of
illness. After luncheon Mr. Warner start
ed on a walk. Among his acquaintances
was a colored man. to whom he gave
books to encourage his desire to read, par
ticularly books connected with the history
of the colored race, upon which Mr. War
ner was an authority. Mr. Warner prob
ably intended to call on this man. as he
was in the neighborhood of his house
when he was stricken. Probably feeling
111. he asked leave at a house to sit down,
then to He down, requesting to be called
in ten minutes. When the woman of the
house went to call him he was dead.
News of his sudden death spread rapidly
and was a great shock to his many
friends.
THE LATE CHARLES DUDLEY WARNER, WHO EXPIRED SUDDENLY
AT HARTFORD WHILE EN ROUTE TO THE LOWLY DWELLING
Charles Dudley Warner' 1 -was born at
Plalnneld, Mass.,. September 12, 1S29. He
was graduated from Hamilton College,
and later from the law department of the
University of Pennsylvania. He removed
to Hartford. Conn., and In 1S61 became
editor of the Hartford Press. Later he
became a contributor to leading maga
zines, an occasional lecturer on literary
topics and an advocate of prison reform
work. He was the author of a "Book of
Kloquence," "My Summer in the Gar
den, "Saunterlnps." "Backlog Studies,"
"Baddeck and That Sort of Thing,"
"Mummies and Moslems." "In the
Levant," "Beln? a Boy," "In the
"Wilderness." "The American Newspaper,"
"Studies of Irving," "Life of Washing
ton Irving." "Captain John Smith." "Some
time Governor of Virginia and Admiral
of New England," "A Roundabout Jour
ney," "Papers on Penology," "On Horse
back," "A Tour in Virginia. Xorth Caro
lina, Tennessee, With Notes of Travel in
Mexico and California," "A Little Journey
In the World." "Their Pllgrmage." "Our
Italy— Southern California," "As We Were
Saying," "Washington Irving:." "The
Work of Washington Irving," "As We
Go," "The Golden House." a novel; "The
Relation of Literature to Life." "The Peo
ple for Whom Shakespeare Wrote."
"That Fortune." a novel: "American Men
of Letters" and "A Library of the World's
Best Literature."
Registration in New York.
. NEW YORK, Oct. ; 20.— The total regis
tration in Greater New York for 1900 is
646,154. . . ...
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, 2b 4 12 12 3 0
Sheehan. c. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Stanley, c 4 0 10 7 1 0
Eagan. ss 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
In the third inning Sacramento saw the
scoreboy playing with numbers against
Its name on the board. After Stultz made
the first bag Devereaux trotted into the
running by an error of Francks. The
baps were soon filled, when Sheehan took
his base on four bad ones. Stanley swat
ted the ball to FYancks, who guillotined
Sheehan at second, but Stanley escaped
punishment at first and Stultz scored.
Devereaux scored on the play to catch
Stanley between the bags. In the seventh
McLauphlln, who went to .first on a body
blow, scored on moth-eaten throwing. In
the last inning McLaughlin rolled out a
three-bagger, scoring later on a poor
throw of Francks. The score;
Jay Hughes and Dr. Moskiman per
formed In creditable fashion yesterday
afternoon at Recreation grounds. Their
slab work was of fine quality, particularly
that of the champion twirler, who allowed
but six hits, struck seven men out and
walked one. Their playing was the fea
ture of the game outside of a single in
jection of bad luck into the Dudes'
chances of winning.
Honors of the Diamond Di
vided by Hughes and
Moskiman.
SENATORS WIN
PITCHERS GAME
Time, :49U.
Mafeklnr, Little Edelweiss. " Barbara, Calla
marinl. Ban ' Ladder, and ' El Tcplo ; also ran. -.
Homes take, William O"B, Peralto, Rey del
S&n Juan. Grady and Centlnella also ran.
Three quarters of a mile, selling; three-year
olds and over: purse, $250:
Good Hope. 2 to 1 (Ruiz). Ill l
Alaria. 3 to 2 (Fauntleroy), 111.... 2
Crutch. 20 to 1 (See). 101.... %
Time, 1:15%. . i
Sallie Goodwin, Rio Colorado, Romany, Gus
to. •WUmeter. Petrarch, Devereaux, Benroe and
Bertha - also ran.
Mile and & half; Los Angeles Derby for three
vear-olds: cud and purse, $300:
Flush of Gold, a to 5 (Ruiz). 114.........'....:..- 1
Cue, 2H to 1 (Hazard). 102... .2
I'roclamation. 4 to 1 (Stuart),' 116...:.:...:.;.* 3
Time, 2:36%.
Expedient,. Miss Vera and Cowboy also ran.
Four furlong* for two-year-olds; purse. $250:
Grafter, even (Ruiz). 114...... ...v. :... 1
Screenwell Lake. 3 to 1 (Russell), 115...;.... 2
Phil Archibald, 2 to 1 (Frawley), 118 3
Time, 1:40%,
One mile, for three-year-olda and over, purse
{300:
Stromo, 3V5 to 1 (Fauntleroy), 107 l
Loconomo, 7 to 1(J. Narvaez), 119 2
Ei Mldo, 8 to 5 (Evans), 119 3
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 20.— The fall race
meeting of the Sixth District Agricultural
Association opened at Agricultural Park
this afternoon. A light shower this morn
ing put the track In splendid shape for the
runners, but It was rather cuppy for the
harness horses. The weather was per
fect and over E000 people were in attend
ance.
Considerable Interest was centered in
the free-for-all pace, which was won by
Gaylord's Coney in straight heats, his
best time being- 2:08. The admirers of
Anaconda were much Sisappointed at his
showing. He did not appear to be in the
best condition and could do no better
than come second, which he succeeded in
doing In the. last heat.
Richmond Chief took first monev in the
2:15 trot, winning in straight heats from
Belle Patchen, who should have captured
the flrst heat, but she broke at the draw
gate and was beaten half a length.
In the mile race Stromo, a 3V6 to 1
chance, galloped in, winning by two
lengths.
The three-quarters of a mile race was
a real pretty race. Good Hope, at 2 to 1
winning by a nose> from Alaria, the fa
vorite, in a whiplng finish.
Flush of Gold, the favorite, landed the
Derby, beating Cue, the second choice by
half a length. '
Grafter, who was selected by the talent
in the four furlong dash, took the money
away from Screenwell Lake in a close
and exciting finish. Summary:
2:15 trot, parse $500:
Richmond Chief (Tryon) Ill
Belle Patchen (Ward) 2 2 2
Ur.cle James (Maben) 3 3 3
Algonetta (Thompson) 4 4 4
Time, 2:22, 2:23. 2:20»£.
Free-for-all pVce, purse $2000:
Coney (Sullivan) Ill
Little Thorn (Thompson) 2 2-3
Anaconda- (Blue) 3 3 2
Clipper (Jeffries) 4 4 4
Time, 2:09%. 2:08%. 2:08.
Coney in Straight Heats.
Free-for-All Pace Won by Gaylord's
RACING AT LOS ANGELES.
Run responsible for— Mooklman 1. Three
base hit— McLaughlln. Two-base hits— Hughes,
Bowman. First base on errors— Oakland 1.
Sacramento 3. First base on called balls —
Oakland 1, Sacramento 2. Left on bases — Oak
land 5. Sacramento 3. Struck out— By Hughes
7, by Moskiman 3. Hit by pitcher— McLaughlln.
Double play— Held to Hutchlnson. Time of
Rarae-l hour and 45 minutes. Umpire — J. Mc-
Donald. Official scorer— J. W\ Stapleton.
SUMMARY.
Totals 81 0 6 1 27 11 3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 2 0 0 0 19 1 — 4
Base hits 1 0 10 0 111 1—6
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 2 10 0 0 0 1 11—6
AB. R. BH. S3. PO. A. E.
Drennan. e. f 4 0 1 0 1 0.1
Francks, ss 4 0 1 0 4 " 2 2
Held, r. f 4 0 0 0 2 10
Arrellanes. 2b 4 0 2 0 6 10
Hutchlnson. lb 4 0 0 14 10
Mos-ktinaji. p 3 0 0 0 12 0
Bowman, I. t 3 0 1 0 4 0 0
I/ihraan. c 3 0 0 0 4 4 0
Kelly, 3b 2 0 10 2 0 0
OAKLAND.
•Hutchlnsoa out for interfering with thrown
ball.
Totals 31 4 6 2 »2S 9 1
Doyle, r. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
McLaughlln, 1. f 3 2 11 1 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 0 0 9 0 0
Hughes, p 3 0 2 0 1 4 0
Stultz. 2b 8 10 0 111
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
DEATH'S HAND LAID UPON
CHARLES DUDLEY WARNER
17
812 814 Market St.
(PHELAN BUILDING)
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
Send your address on a postal card
and you will receive our larjre illustrated
catalogue, giving latest styles and
prices.
We have the largest stock in the
West and can always give you a per-
fect fit.
Bear in mind we sell GOOD SHOES
as cheap as they cart be sold anywhere. "
INFANTS' SHOES, 1 to 5$£ from
5Oc to 91.5O
CHILDREN'S SHOES. 5 to 8. from
75c to $2.00
CHILDREN'S SHOES. 8V 2 to ir.
frcn 91.OO to J?i2.o«>
MISSES' SHOES, n J 4 to 2. from
$1125 to ?.'{.5O
LADIES' SHOES, from
91.no to 91O.OO
YOUTHS' SHOES. 11 to 2. from
$1.2;* to $3.00
BOYS' SHOES, 2-S to from....
91-5O to 9-4.OO
MEN'S SHOES, from
$1.50 to $10.00
Are made in ALASKA SEAL. BOX
CALF r.nd HEAVY VICI KID. They
have welted sewed double soles: latest
'•*y'e toe: a strictly up-to-date winter
shoe. The sealskin shoes are leather-
hned and absolutely waterproof.
We sell them for
Our Men's
Life-Saving Shoes !
Are made of heavy French kid, with
doth or kid top, patent leather or kid
t:p; also fine box calf with kangaroo
top; latest style, just like the above pic-
ture; invisible cork soles: our own
process: they keep the feet warm and
dry. look neat and dressy, and outwear
£.::>¦ other £3.50 shoe made.
Our Life-Savino;
Shoes!
; "Premier" French Kid Gloves, , v Hair - Dr-sssing and Manl-
> ' with three : patent fasteners, newest sMrtMMMf m m jn BHf^. tf?t> *BaHfc- gj nm « ¦». g* » cure Dcp't greatly enlarged and
* a le8 - c as P — oves.y . pa mP£§|£JJ And MS Special Sr.Ic Main Switches
\ Wm^mMM ' OoWenltale Aa»Mur. T i Tm^JZf^Mo
* Ladies' Parlor. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE ?3.oo Sw tch?s redecad to S2.QO
[ ?— ¦ — — — — — + . " ' ... ' J2.00 Svri:ch33 reduced to $1.OO
|| The stock of winter goods is complete. We are showing .bigger as-
| sortments and better goods than ever before in the history of San Francisco's
\ great department store. The qualities and prices bear out all cf our descriptions and assertions. '"Large sales and
\ small profits" is cur fixed policy. A sale is complete in this store when customer is satis-
\ tied— -not before* If you can buy same qualities cheaper.elsewhere. brins our goods back and get your money.
[ Blankets, Comforters, Sheetings, Linens. Extra Specials From Many De&artimantis
\ Sheeting Sale Monday-k splendid qual- £ ™ff e f ' Bel A s ~ An a ? so , rt 5, d lo }. of }?° Dos Co! i ar i^ Be i ts '
tily rourd thread bleached double bed she.Lz, 81 inches S-iJi* *" •»**»«.«*» '^y 7oc, $1 udJIJLS .eacb, and 100 Zjza
wide, present millcDst 20c a yard, but bought by us ' Rl J>bon Belts in back and assorted colors, regolar!y $1.00 eico. on saU C\IonJ*jf
month? ago before tbe advance, en special sale -.« only a- one-ftaSf Off a
tc-mq-row only, yard ..*OC Nickel Platetl Shears— With brass nut and bolt, 7, 8, or 9
Comforter Sale Monday— Full size Clean inches, Monday only. : 1g o
Stton^arn t^ 61 1D ° he ¦ "^ * %n» Macha - on s P Rcial S3 ' e Monday only. each.... 4-9 G l§^t^$WW
"zTper T^-'n Men's Fancy Handkerchief s - 200 |^|^f^
rair .. $2.25 ? i? S r T 7 m! doz - n wlored bordt « d hemstitched haadkerchief >, closed »SS^^5sfii
California '1^^ linen. 66. inches wide, splendid out to u , way belcw the market va!ue> pattorn3 t0
White B!an- waanng qaality, per yard ......ZOO choose from, any one of them worth twice as maeh as we a?k for them, oa sale
kets-4 pound Satin Finished ¦ Damask— Pure Monday only... 4 for 2SO
. wight, a fine linen, fi^e Irish make, fu ly bleachei. p r3i p3d PhotogrSVUrBS—An assortment of new and pleasing
quility beauti- seven t ifferent sty.e?, per yara »f : 8ab j* 3tSf fram , d with dainty m )ldin? and harmoaiiing m it. vary farty and artinia
lully fiaishei. Damask Napkins — Beached Iri^h regularly 8oc each, Monday onlv .' B8o
I per pai^«-^« Linen. 23 inche, square. dcz } n..«/-7S Roller Skates— The $1.50 Raymond adjust-
i ,»r, .^ ttt i tji i ¦• ••93.BS Double Damask Jsapkins— Spe- abe Skates, for gim or boy», fitted with hemicite wheels.
If -White Wool Ulankets-Extra siz^ cial'y heavy quality, satin finish, neat &%& reRulary $1.50 pair, on sal* Monday only $1.10
* 8 P ot P attern ' per dozen $ 2 ' 50 Wj -^ Fancy Tea and Decanter Trays-An
I' 71b* wS fine gTad?, ?ir "^ir Barber's Towels-Fins Huck, £ce> i 4^b^^^P > entirely new and a vary h -,^o«s and usef a. .rtfie. metal
b i ids. weiga;, nne gtaa , per Jgj— hemmed. wi:l not lint, dozen SOo /fi^l bise, medallion fiahh, nickal rim, two handles, round or
K SU^erTGr^iB^'Ekl^^GallfJrnia Hotel Towels — Huck, hemmed and oblong, pretty de3iga? such as copilj, lovers, viollng, roses.
tf make, 5, lbs. weight, a special' value. ready for use, 17x34 inches, dozen ... violets, etc.. th ? trays which w« place on sale Monday to
k* rer pair ......7. .'. $3,85 ~ $1.35 introduce tha hna are wjrth $1.50 regularly, Monday's
S Robe Blankets— For wrappers, bath Housekeeper's Towels — Extra B P«ce •-•• TJrrr "••.—•••....... » ©So
I' rob»s. etc., new designs, beantifal col- quality Irish Hack, size 19x39 inches. LadtQS' HandkerCniel S~ A Dig lot Of very good
$ orings, each $<t.5O and $6 B QQ dczan * ...$2 quality licen lawn hemstitched handkerchiefs, extra shear, with fancy &££&
S — — — ——^— —~ ' cording, would be a bargain at 10c each, special prica Monday gm Nk^V^
I Monday Sale Silks and Dress Goods, iff£^^^ff^^^SS^^^^^^M!3 &
5 ., \ iiaa j e nn *>« <*c .-** ** ok **>*>~x, Hall Pairs Laco Curtains— 232 only m this lot, a, &\
About 1100 yards Of $M.UO, $1.25 anti $lm<JO tanOV w5dt hs raafin ' from 50 to 63 inches, all of them 3J yard 3 long, worth TS»«P7
5 Waist Silks, closed out from an Eastern joobing house at a big reduction, ail from 45c t ° $1 each> we nave raar k e i th» entire lot for Mon- **— \ igSb
* of them this season'o latest productions, principally solid colors and small etnpes, day 'onlv earh HOG *&Ml
f Plisse«ff3ct«, also a few fancy stitched stripes aad Jacq-iard figured ' ft _ FlOWSr VaSeS— 102 ruby Bohemian G ass FiOWer W*
K stripes, «uch co orings as pink heliotrope, tan, cray black, red 3> (g&Q y 3 dainty styles, 7 anl 75 inches ta'l. worth 50c each, oa
£ reseda, white, etc., on special sale -"Mondjy ontv, per yard ; i^Z?~ '• if 4 __,_ J 9 n A C-^?^
!t : About 750 yards of Black Swiss Taffeta, a very rich well nl * Moniay only 33 ° —^*-^
S finished silk, with brilliant lustre, a fabric that wi.l.gva excellent LaGGS, NCCkV/QSr, CUShiOtl TOJ3S, EtCm
t' war, a oualitv that retails regularly for 75c, on special sale -Monday KftiO r? •• t.' i- x. t o^aa j j ¦>¦
J. fK //p, r var<.. ..::7^T...... »^^^** r English Torchon Lace — 2000 yard3 in good quality and good
£ Special Sale Black Dress Goods — A very attractive patterns — widths from 1 to 3 inches — some few pieces of in-
ti oargain for Monday only, about 30 J yards of a 38-inch mohair Pierola ' j sertion in the lot — On special Sale Monday Only — per yard .... 5C
S the newest and most popular fancy suiting, in 8 handsome patterns, 57& Ostrich Feather Boas-Several large express shipments receivai this week—
J. which we have been selling re-ruarly at 7c.; a yard.off -red for Vanity onlv*— ' on , thg bejt kind3 o f choice selected lustrous feathers— wear guarantaed—
K #^«i|J for58 ' inchGolfCloak " Sf a OO 'or 44-inch Black 3Io- black ?ray n3tnra , or w hite-from.~ : 512.50 to $35.00
I w irg, extra heavy, handsome hair Pierola, Priestley s Spanish Coque Feather Boas— 15 yards long— very stylish and dnrable—
ti plaid backs, tha ideal fabric for a warm make, in 8 new, handsose patterns, a per- eac j, _ ~...-.$3.OO and $3.5O
wintc- cape. ' feet wearing fabric. Chenille Collarettes — This season's prettie3t novelty— SI different sty'e3 in
b* 65G !P, r 5 ,°-Jnch Camels Hair ** fifi f or 52 - inch Black black, K ray and bei^e-each $4.5O to $15. OO
£ Cheviot, in new. stylish mix- Storm Serge, shrunk and A variety of Linen Pockets, bound Notions.
I PS^P^^fMi %der ~...7o
I dye and fin : sh/in°aU of the pillar Shades 91 '25 of mc ff Hair ChevTot, -HaTrain^^andBresh'CaVeZ Round G 3 rter 3 -Pair....25o to $1.00
J —biscuit, goblm. castor, light and me- a perfect 8 hade of b'.ack, sponged and Whiskbroom Case, stiff frame/.^ lOo Dress Shields— Pair So to 6O0
It dium grav» etc. , ehrank, a splendid value. Two Pccket Shoe Ba? 12o Ball and Socket Fasteners— Dozen
\ $2.00 [^ c4 ;n 1C wo?i 0l e fcel en't £f SO for 52- in elf Black Peb- Imitation Irish Point Goods-New 7o to Wo
I weight and qu^ty,' new shldes'of brown, lOU ble Cheviot excellent Cwm Taylor's Skirt Supportera-All sizes-each
$ Oxford etc" : . . weight and quahty, shrunk and sponged. MttSZ S C" °
\ — ' __ * — ~ kj Ci, ti,«... p^™«. Ladies' Belts— New styles — each ;
i Winter Underwear and Hosiery. . . 250 to $5.00
I Enormous assortments of Ladi^' and Children's Underwear and 72-inch Sideboard Covers.......... .... Skirt Bindings -All makes-all shades-
J Hosiery, The .largest stock on the coast from which to make ..dectapn. W^M^S^iMi I^^^S^^S
I Lidie^'h-avy fleece lined cotton Vests Ladies' geaume Oneita Suits, half wool, to $2.50 . Empire » Back Combs-Each
| and Pants-finished seams, colors natural and cream, gf -£ 5 Making Lace is the fad cf the year; L.._ C . k _^ \ Joo to $7750
* ecru and white, pergarment... *SOC L ,T i l 5 "fa;t"b!ack finTCashmTre Hose P atterns for miking everything-tie Pompadoar Hair Rol!s-Eich I.-..!?.
K Ladies' ha'f-wool Vests and ¦ Pmts-nat- L3^» s - l^"« n .»« n ¦ ends, turnover collars, boleros, revere?, J- lOo to 2Bo
K u-al gray color, per K^r--^ ich'd heeh 35C jackets, curtain ends center pieces etc. Horn Hiirpins-Dazea 1Gc to 5Oc
% ment &UC L^i e3 ' extra hea'vy'Fi-ecs Lined Cot- V>^ C ' 1Oc ', l 5c ' 2;>C> I*' 3 ?? CarIin ff Irons-Each 3c to 25o
£ Ladies' heavvfleeca lined Comb nation ¦ • Ho S e-Ifainle"4 black 1^ Braids. Rings, MotvcS. Taraai .in Frilled E astic-All colors-yard
i Suits -"Oneita" style, ecrn or - n double hee s and 8 oe/. .' 25C « l«g? as o-tment at-ztry lo-x prices Wo t0 ?So
\\ natural co'or. sdt 4US % Iendid " assO rtment of Exquisite Cushion Tops-Ad with backs to Feather Stitched Braida-6 yards-piece
g Children's heavy fleece lined Vests, Imported Novelties in Ladies' match - a Jlw'dSfi w ..^.....So to 25o
X Pants and Boys' Drawers-nat- Li Ue Thread Hose, such as po ka dots, new ones arriving amost daily. _ Warren's Stock Collar Foundations-Each
K ural c 3 !or, sizes 2) to U. o -, stripes and boot effects h the latest * Baske t a f Carnal l^.-...^.... ouc 15o
K each : 23C comtiaati.n; 3 pai.-s for $/,- o --_ ?u" y B f f 1 " 7if SOo DrQSS Lining.
W Lad e3' Australian Limbs Wool Hose- single pairs..: <*OC J f; e J/!jl e V a ii«on black eround'"!©© "Spun Glass" Lining-Looks lika silk—
X fast black or Otford grav, ribba lor Children's pure Wool Hose -lxl and „ y • t p!II»w T ,i SOo yard 2Oa
* plain, m.rino heels and „ '^ fonno- hee s -ani Sq To^^^
fc t0 " toei.- e w 3 s 5 to 9, pair .****, s&t[n Trimmcd ¦ Pin Cushions- .......... .... r ... ; ........................SOo
8f -« .-*.*«. .. _ «., Lic 2 trimmed Pin Cushions in great ?a- Black and Colored Silk-finuhed Taffetas—
fc? Boys' Giotning, Hats, Gape, Shoes* riety. each. .63c to $3,50 yard — i2\o
$ f«r S JCi C i a i wil^w^r Boys ' and Childr en's Nobby Up-to-Dite Clothing Men's Furnishings. I Lamps~G rockery.
5> ior ran ana » in»er near. ¦ ¦ ¦. • s • - ¦ • _,, . » r\^ __ ,;_ atl t°^'
5 Z 7^, Boys'Sailor Suits— All-Wool Navy Flannelette Night Shirts-Men's gJJ JT J
I -€l JSl S^effi^ZSS-S Satter^-fuUcu. ¦ ffi\ -Jat «JwjJ faj£S
I /^M /vfe^l ' omi!y embroidered shields — fnll-cub ard we<1 m^^ W i black wrought I V^W )
¦/ /\ Hfl\ — *R*<£y/ tIhL) b!ou?M — perfect fitting— q ~ M3cW O rk:n2';4!, X C iron parlor ta-^ V « \l*£j
* -A M\' -TT^I OPO size. 3 to 10 year. &Jfm&O %»« & W&tf^&JM ble amp, f incy ' \.^y
$ 0^m§gT| C^V^- Boys' Long Pants Suits-Sizas,, for Sin - w7th a f^^^^^ b3dT "ft-out ,
K «r7//H l KIPM Hi ¦ 13 to 19 year 5 --made from ftrirtly all- , eather 8trin j^M'Pp&f dl pot-center : . Qfi&kfo
I JJ\j~\T\h%- IIAJ . wool materia'a-chevijts and cifsimarea- fa , ten ; ng _ ext ra JM^r' Hf^ !? drjn 8 ht b^ n^ > tffiBK^
|. —WJfyJdQlte^ rf-W sinp'e or docble- breasted vests, fin *.y tail- vdne3 s 2 c: o / 0^1 ./ jfl A — md a h.nd-J &^££z&\
K " U W i\\m\\ r/ J ored>a E d pjrfect-fitting- <*-* Kg* 3Ien's *New / " . & "A f mj 9 " l ™\ 1 #S^gS^ '
6 Ml Ss.^T4 U 1 Fulu ' .9" a °U Neckwsar— ( WJ kvi / • *[ decorated
J l-^ & V Boys' Ves tee Suits — For little fel- More new shapei \ 'V ' "\J 2 ! ohe ~" com ' (sSr^^S^^^^
K >"•:¦; -^-K lowsfrom 3 to 10 yeirs, in al>w3ol plaids. i n the material l/J/N^^/'^.^y P ete %' "£'A "^^^^^fcC^
I c "^'^ 93,45 : jSS^frim 'In^^l ¦'TnisVc^TofBOdifferentstylesoflainos.
m ojuai / -jr — ........... . , wJ Yn .> v nnr ' V ranging in price from.... ~85o t» $2O
K Boys' Tan Leather Caps— Yachts Boys' Yacht Caps— Plain, and w_th f n T *™r. « ,.. r , p . Carlsbad China Dinner Sot
K or Sailo»...r.....75^ 95a, 91.25 *o:d or ,ilve- bands. ...... .25o,45o "^"Jf. i"^ '- %ni ~ For 12 pePio=a-daiaty- spray of
I' Golf Caps-In all the rew p!aid« ani Boys' Sailor Caps-All co'ors, either uows a..a u it lua ''°°? green ieavis and floweis -gold handles
K fancy mixings .25o to S1.5O P' ah or wlth fa " c -' *™* ol]er M « n S o ft * Underw f a r-il3de _ MW ghape3 2 O
* ¦_ ' Little Gents' Sho^s- ¦¦-• ¦-¦¦• •••••• 5O ° , to $2'°° J"m2-thread linen yarn ani kmt to fii g, m , , et f or 6 persons S12.5O
K ft*SS» box caf or heavy k^d Boys' Fedora Hats— Black, Brown. the form without aeam— shirts have Umbrella Stands— Tha newest
* -VX^, lfced with hooka; a dur- Nutria and Pearl...... —••"••••••••••••<••• French shaped shoulders— and drawers ¦¦ _¦¦ ¦ styles in terracotta— raised
g- r^ ab*»: g.oi-Iookin? shoe, - .....95c. $1.35, $1.85 improved reinforced seats-ih^y are ' t&rr*^ disgn and colored raised
& I +s&f* ' in ; iz3i 9 to 13 j for ' Boys' Solid » Service linem trimmed throughout, carefully 55pp| leaf and flowers on a dark
af I /iKSl 'Si.'sfd Shoes— Genuine ca!f skin |5p==J made Jn .every detail, rwurirg, rroner ', green or brown bodv— useful
«C '/L|4f.S% .Misses' and uppers; heavy, .quilted sole; V» J fit and comfort— per garment..$3.OO ,/J^Wi and handsonn .ornament to
I? ' & sV-I^v^ Children's the stroignt and most se rT . // U Cardigan Jackets-These tight-fit- j^j^pji the hall ~.$4.OO
kf A***S Dongola Kid iceab'e aho) mid3,-fo:^^^_ ;l tiag jickets that button up close to the i«3«fi| Salad Of Berry
j£ Shoes — lace or everyday wear: v5*V"^^A ' nscc ar * 3 J -* tne thin B fcr out of door tf<V^3 ¦ Soi — Oriental or decorated
ft* Lut.ton style, c'oth or kid tops, patent Szes 12 to 2 work. We hava them in brown, black . ! w]P^ ' 'hina — tinted in de icate
K leather tips— ...... ....$1.69 v/^^^^J and blue— each.. .52.50 ani $1.50 ; ijfix ,' bine, pink cr, green, with
K SizW>Jtolli $1.23 Sz23 '2h t) 6........ s^\ Wool Socks— Made without seams, ! \ po'd anl flwer decoration—
K '¦ 'Sizes Hi to 2... $1.38 ........: ~$1 .82 S*m=£~**^ woven from long fiber yarn— natural fe^Sifo large 9J-:nch dbh and half
K '¦ : : — — — : — : gray, black, tan or camel'a hair — per . . *4iiMtf*»' ' a dozan 65-inch .dishes— the
* Canned Goods, Groceries, Liquors. l^^i^^ff^ jsrri^ /^S^ffi^nf^
S Xjta^« SpBCial Sate Canned Fruits-Victory M g 0 n^ wo? ya^-^h ..Soo Complete with 6 feet cf best hose-
$ l^ffSiP^ or Hunt'3brands,the;highest grade fruits put The celebrated "Stuttgarter" make-
K -i^»^^^tei U P in heavy syrup, peaches, pear3,' apricots, toOc :nd $1.00 for - m .......$2.5O
K !^3K^^^^3^^ cherries and raspberries; full 3-lb cans, Mon- We carry the "Stuttgarter" Under- Haviland L miges China Chocolato
K " *S»giat®«^^&J^^ a y p Q ' r dozen $2.75; per can . . . . . .2 3d wear for men -* ". Sot— Pot anl 6 enps and saucers— new
rSBSPPi iQ&P : >%*f ?*""?? Cloth Bound Books ffll^^SSS^USo
$ \MS8*££&^ ¦ Victory" brand on any article means highest at £ sss Than Half. Hand-painted Opal Toilet Set for Dressing
•f i^^^-E^^^'T^l quality — 2^-lb. cans, peache8, pears, apricots, Mon lav we wi I place oa sale 10,000 Table -T*o large bottlas— comb and
* / '1^~'f £&&£) -"sj blackberries, Strawberries,' plum3,- ra'snberries cloth-bau^d book*, comprising -250 bmshtray, pin tray, jawel box and
S > ~— — $$?$ and cherries, Monday, per. dozen, $1 m 75: ch!j!c3 tit!es - 80 J me , of which have p^der box-tha set $2.00
| M^^ per tin.:....:,:, -.;...,.'...:. . . i5o Zr\uT»t™ " " Tissua Papers.
S Laundry Soap— Swift's Cream.. Mon- Prunes - Fancy Santa Clara, 60 j, per Books for boys and grlrls by such writ- It* a t Jmo to begin your Christmas fancy
V - dav 10 bir« " ' 4-3O lb..;......'......... 7© ers as Henty, Oliver Optic, Cooper, Cap- work in paper, lamp sbade3, etc.
g Imported .MusVard-L;*u'8*"Frere3, Dufify's Pure^Ialt Whiskey-Mon- !^JfS? Xr rSSeS'SoS^'pen. Tissue Paper- AM eotojj — jgr
K prepared, Mondar. bottle. ...........If 9O day only. Mottle ......73o of Hall Calne. Dickens. Scott. Bulwer. sheet f O to OO
aV Heekin's CoflFee— Their celebrated Choice White Wine -Monday only. Bertha M. Clay. Edna Lyall. Conan Crcpo PapOf—AU colora— 10-foot
$ Java and Mocha put; up in-Bealeil^lb: . gallo^...^.... . ............ ..^1 O .^Tu^-.cSS^KtolS'Sa^^a r wll i"-««-^f "rJnn^P^Z
if : cans, regularly 40c each, M)nday..33o Vermouth — Champagne— Ganuine and Dumas. ¦ '. . Fanov Floral Cropo Paper
a> Lytton Ginger Ale— Made from M he imported champagne and Vermonth, Printed from good type, well —10 font ro'l* 3Oc »nd 4UO
g famous Lytton Spfinga Water, regularly bottled in France, pint bottle*, Monday bound ia cloth— publisher's f T7 C fl( £lrs kIn ?amp f ."ade^etc" SfmJT^iiajS?
J - $1.00 per. dozen, Monday............ 59O > ...... .«• $f.O9 '"price 35c — onr price ." ¦":"- flowers' or (avora made to order.
if ¦¦¦-. ';¦ ,-'¦ ' ¦ ¦' , ¦ : '; "''-.-' .-".'**'..¦ . ¦ •¦ - . ' ¦" .-¦...-. .." . : ¦ . . ..-'.• - ,-. <', . . »¦ ;•••"¦•.•¦ •--.¦; .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
' J2 60 ladles* shoes, to-morrow 95 cents.
Assignee shoe sale Boston Shoe Co., 775
Market street . •
CEBZ8TUA8 TERM BEOmfl AUGUST UTE.
WCT. C. HITCHCOCK. FrtarfaU
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
. FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
fceparat* Booms. Uymcasium, MUitaxr Onll
Etc.
Hitchcock School,
f\ Wt fr" D Otf I I Comer Fourth and
valises checked free
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Kt-kes weak m<n and women stronr and strong
ir.ea and womra Etronger. Rooma*^ v and 6. 47
Post St.. Kan Francisco. Cal.
KUC«A>A> BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 60S Sacramento St.
PDTTCUI7Q FOR BARBERS. 1JAK-
iJilU OlillLO ««»• bootblacks, batn-
w houses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner*.
dyers, fiourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, *bo« factories, ita-
klemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
fPOk CMICKEQTER'S EKQLI8H
Pennyroyal pills
KUSSk f roicmaritfSKiScaSgS
|f*«£*WC^tn UF.O ac4 Gold &euai»«beie.. w»!*4
j^ ST* \TA !?* toe nbb0 »- Tnke ae other. Itrfu.o
I /_ tJT «*•¦•. Bay ef ;mt OraccUL w mnl 4«. «s
If P ««-nrfierr«.cai£-«»1S!™A,7 P £
-Aj^/S UraStU. KMMUfU.itnoEUli. SMdbj
„ ' e!lDr«Btau. ChlehwHer Cbemleal Cml
KcaUas lt:« j.awr. W«dl»c» Ni.trc 1'IWLA.. v£
constipation.
The stomach is the vital center of the
body. It is the organ from which all
other organs are fed. A -weak stomach
means a weak. man. There never was a
strong man with a weak stomach. What
is called " weak stomach " is in general a
diseased condition of the stomach and
other organs of digestion and nutrition,
which prevents the proper digestion of
the food which is taken into the stom-
ach, and so reduces the nutrition of the
body. When all food is taken away the
body starves. 4 When the food eaten is
only digested and assimilated in part it
only nourishes the body in part, and so
the body is partly starved. And this
starvation is felt in every organ of the
body dependent on the blood which is
made from food.
The great variety of the cures per-
formed by Dr. Pierce' s Golden -Medical
Discovery is due to its remarkable
power to heal diseases of the stomach
and allied organs. It cures through the
stomach diseases seemingly remote, but
which have their origin in a diseased
condition of the stomach and the other
organs of digestion and nutrition.
" Weak " heart, lungs, kidneys and weak-
ness of other organs is cured with the
cure of the weak stomach.
Mr. Thom&s A. S warts. Box 103, Sab-Station
C-. Columbus, Ohio, writes: "I 'was taken very.
sick with w-rrrc headache, then cramps in the
stomach, and f iod would not digest, then kidney '¦. .
and liver trouble, and my back got vreak so I
could scarcely get around. The more I doctored ,
the worse I got until six years paused. I had be-
come so poorly I could only walk in the house
by the aid of a chair, and I got so thin I had
given up to die, thinking that I could not be
cured. Then one of my neighbors «ld, ' Take
Dr. Pi tree's Colden Medical Discovery and make
a new man out of yourself.' The first bottle,
helped me «o I thought I would get another, and
after I had taken eight bottles I was weighed .
and found I had rained twenty-seven (27) lbs. .
in about «ix weeks. I have done more hard
work in the past eleven months than I did in
two years before, and I am as stout and healthy
to-day, I think, as I ever was."
Dr. Picrce's Pleasant Pellets cure
NO R1AN IS STRONGER
THAN B9S STOMACH.
tTONG F»O CHV.
Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
rradua'.e of Canton Medical
College, after a very succeci-
fnl practice cf many years In
China, has located la San
Francisco. The surprising and
marvelous cures effected by
hl« herbs demonstrate their
— rtE»^B*w PO'ence and bis skill. These
t^MtJ^^u'^OL herbs cure over 430 different
iHTC^aS* <:i»eaw«. including Bright'*
*-*-—¦"* Disease, Diabetes, Consump-
tion. Asthma. Paralj-g'.s.
r.raln. Nerve. Cancers, Tumors. Blood. Male
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
*-lth any kind of malady whatsoever are in-
vited to call. Orr,e«. 727 Washington et Offlc«
hours— 9 a. m. to 12 m.. 1 to 9 p. m.; Sundays.
;n a. m. to 12 m. Accept grateful thankn for
cflecttnj: a care of asthma of several years'
standing. A. DARLET. Sao Kafa-1.
Do 'your business throuch a Govern-
ment Licensed Broker.
There are fortunes beinjj made in
California oil stocks. Why not make
yours?
There are some stocks that are better
than others. We are willing to post
you.
Write for Market Letter.
James R. T. iVlershon,
Oil Land and Stockbroker, rooms 537-
538-539 Parrott Building. S. R. Cal.
Promoter cf th» MONARCH OIL. COMPANY
cf Arizona, the LION OIL CO. of Arizona..
PRUDENTIAL OIL CO. of Arizen* and the
J. 6. POTTS OIL LAND AND DEVELOP-
MENT CO.. a!! located In the Sunset District.
Kern Count}'.
OIL INVESTORS,
BEWARE !
THE EMPORIXTM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMP0BIU1L
ADVEHTISZXENTS.Genera! Hare has not been untrue to his name after
alL He has liberated a band of American troopers
who were suffering the inglorious martyrdom * of
being Filipino prisoners.
A new field has been opened for the Socie'ty for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children. A newly organ
ized cooking school has a rule'that the children must
cat what they cook.
AN" excellent idea of how the charter is inter
preted by our esteemed friends, the Phelan re
formers, when it interferes with their political
plans may be gathered from an estimate placed upon
one of its provisions by the Examiner.
A few days ago City Attorney Lane sent an opinion
to the Supervisors in which he wiforms them that they
possess no power to disburse the anticipated sur
phis of $200,000 prior to the termination of the fisc.il
year. Animated probably by a desire to expend this
money in behalf of some political movement having
for its object the establishment of a new "reform,"
the Examiner says it is not sure of the soundness of
the Attorney's opinion. It is inclined to believe that
moneys raised for the general fund and not otherwise
appropriated are at the disposition of the Supervisors
by special appropriation whenever it is established
that such moneys exist, and it adds that this is "a
matter for the courts to decide."
This is charter reform law with a vengeance. The
charter provides that in June of every year the Super
visors shall, upon estimates furnished by the Auditor,
fix appropriations for the ensuing fiscal term in a bill
called the "budget." This measure, after passage, is
signed by the Mayor and becomes the sheet anchor of
all subsequent financial operations.
Section 6, chapter 1, article III of the charter says
that "except as otherwise provided in this charter, no
money shall be drawn from the treasury unless in con
sequence of appropriations made by the Supervisors
and upon warrants duly drawn thereon by thcAudi
tor." And section 7, immediately following, says that
"no warrants shall b» drawn except upon an unex
hausted SPECIFIC appropriation." But as if these
piovisions were not sufficient to ease the itching palms
of the "reformers," the charter adds, in another sec
tion of the same article:
It Bhall not bft lawful for the Supervisors, or for any
beard, department, oiUccr or authority having power to
Incur, authorize or contract liabilities against the treas
ury, to incur, authorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
der payable in the present or future, In any one month,
any expenditure, demand or djmands, against any ap
propriation, which, taken with all other expenditures,
Indebtedness or liability made or Incurred up to the time
In such month of making or Incurring the same, shall
exceed one-twelfth part of the amount of the appropria
tion for tho fiscal year.
Exactly upon what ground, in the face of this posi
tive law, the Examiner bases its belief that the Super
visors can expend money in excess of the "budget"
we are unable to comprehend. These provisions of
the charter would seem to settle the proposition be
jond the pcradventure of a doubt.
Of course we recognize the fact that the existence
! in the treasury of a surplus of $200,000 is a sore temp-
CHARTER "REFORM" LflW.
The Duke of Marlborough need not concern him
self seriously in reference to the extent of his popu
larity at home. An English preacher recently de
nounced \V. K. Vanderbilt for giving his daughter
$500,000 as a thank offering for the safe return of the
Duke from South Africa.
AMONG th« deserving candidates for the Su
perior Court no voter of this city who has any
property or takes the least interest in its wel
fare should fail to vote for Judge Coffey. During
his long years of faithful service upon the bench the
people have learned to respect and honor him for the
£.bility, integrity and devotion to duty which have
marked his judicial caieer. No scandal has ever hung
c\cr his courtroom. Xo estates have been despoiled
which came under his jurisdiction. Just recently the
people of this city have been startled by the extra
ordinary and unusual proceedings in the Piper es
tate, by which, nearly a year after the regular will was
admitted to probate, over a quarter of a million was
paid to quiet demands made under an alleged will
which was not only never proven but not even filed
in court. Under this same document, if genuine, the
part)', who is said to have received the sum of $ioo,
ooo in settlement would have been entitled to prop
erty estimated to be worth about two millions. Com
ment is unnecessary. There can be but one opinion
about the transaction. Would a man accent five per
cer.t in satisfaction of a legacy to which he believed
himself lawfully entitled? In this disbursement of a
Quarter of a million there T^as an item of over $50,000
credited as going to a "syndicate." It has never
transpired who composed this "syndicate" or for what
purpose such a large sum was paid. The inquiry nat
urally arises if there is an organization in this city to
loot estates. Certainly every citizen who has prop
erty which may pass through probate is interested in
having Judges who will not permit such spoliations.
Judge Coffey has been tried and never found wanting.
No "syndicate" could ever carry on its operations
in his court. The only opposition to him so far heard
of, besides the "push," which is naturally against an
henest man, comes from attorneys who have not suc
ceeded in obtaining all the "traffic would bear" and
are sore because their claims have been scaled down
by this fearless Judge. Let the people roll up such a
majority for Judge Coffey that other men of like
character may be encouraged to accept judicial posi
tions, and it may go abroad that the citizens generally
of San Francisco prefer an honest man if they can get
a chance to vote for one. There are men in nomina
tion for judicial positions this year who arc mentally
and morally unfit for the bench. All 6orts of political
tricks and jobs, such as "plumping" and false count
ing, will be resorted to by the unprincipled classes in
order that one or two of these men may be slipped in
so that the "syndicates" maj' have a place to continue
their operations. Let no friend of Judge Coffey relax
ia vigilance.
JUDGE COFFEY.
SUNDAY.. OCTOBER 21, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
Jll AVAGKir* OFFICE TelcphonePr^^J^J
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone l'rens 201.
EDITORIAL noOMS 217 to 221 Stevenaon St.
Telephone Press SOS.
Delivered br Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Slnfrle Coplen. 5 Cent".
Terrn« !»r Mntl. Inclodlnc Postnifet
J>ArL,T CALL (iivhK'inB Sunday), one year .'iv,
XXAJt/r CALL, (•Including Sundnr>. 6 months s -"j
DATI/r CALL <lnc!u(!:nj? Sunday). S months »•*
DAILY CALL— Br Slr.fle Month €^
FTJCDAY CALL. On* T*ar 1M
WEEKLT CALL. On* Tear 1 - 00
All postmasters mr*^ anthorlied to receive
Rfi1>i>rriptlona.
Banple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall «ub«T}l»ni In crd*r!nr chance of •3dr«9 ehoald *>?
p«Jti<-ul*r to #r1*e both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lneure a prompt and correct oompllanoe with their re<jue«t-
OAKLAAD OFFICE HIS Broadirar
C. GEORGE KBOG\ES«.
Mineger Foreign Advertising. Marquette Euiiding. Chicago.
(Leap r>Irtanc« Telephone "Ontral 261S.")
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CABLTO5 Herald Square
JTETT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune B nil dine
NETW TORK NEWS STANDS:
W*ieor?-*!>tort«. Hotel; A. Brentano. a Union Square:
Hurray Kill HoteL
CHICAGO TCETTS STANDS:
Fberrsan House: P. O. Newa Co.; Great NorUsern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
TVASHIXOTO\ <D. C> OFFICE 140C G St., 5. W.
MORTON K. CHASE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES E27 Montgomery. coro*v of Clay. op«n
until «::o o'clock. 300 Hayee. open until 8:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open urtil 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
t:20 o'clock. l5«l Mission. op«i until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, opeft until t o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
until t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until » o'clock. N~W. cor
ner Twer.ty-eeccnd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Against the schemes and the methods of the cor
poration and the bosses the loyal Republicans of the
district have made an effective protest by bringing
about the nomination of Mr. Sutro as the candidate
in that district of the Citizens' Republican Conven
tion. These men are for honesty in office, for straight
politics, and all that means genuine Republicanism.
Sc the issue has been joined, and it is now for the
voters of the district to decide. A vote for Sutro will
be 1 a vote for a representative of the people. A vote
for Dibble will be a vote for a representative of Kelly
and Crimmins and a tool of the Southern Pacific cor
poration, f
It is well known that the Southern Pacific Company
and the bosses whom it maintains to handle ward poli
tics desire to control the coming Legislature in order
that the corporation and the bosses may arrange the
Congressional, Senatorial and Assembly districts of
the State under the new census. Should they suc
ceed in doing so they can so gerrymander the city
and the State as to have an immense advantage in all
political contests for ten years to come. Henry C.
Dibble will be of great use to the corporations in that
work should he be elected to the Assembly. It is for
that reason they are back of him. It is for that rea
son the Democratic push was so willing to help Crim
mins and Kelly in their efforts to procure his renomi
nation.
The Call has made no fight upon Mr. Dibble other
than that of publishing the record he has made for
himself. It has recalled to public attention some of
the old scandals like that of "the wastebasket," and
the allegations of Captain Frank Barrett concerning
the money he paid, under the advice of his attorney,
Elwood Bruner of Sacramento, to promote the pas
sage through the Assembly of a perfectly honest and
thoroughly desirable bill. These scandals show what
manner of man Mr. Dibble is and reveal what are his
purposes and objects in politics. In opposition to
them neither Mr. Dibble nor his friends have been
able to show any worthy actions or public spirited in
icnt on his part at any point of his long and tortuous
political career. '
No intelligent Republican can regard Dibble's de
feat as any loss to the party. It will not affect the
choice of Presidential electors, of Republican Con
gressmen, or mate'rially change the party control of
the State' Legislature. The only effects sure to result
from it are a repudiation of Kelly and Crimmins, a
rebuke to boss domination and trickery in Republican
primaries, the elimination of a corporation tool from
the Legislature, and i. distinct victory for honest
politics.
With the action of the Citizens' Republican Conven
tion in nominating Mr. Sutro The Call has the full
est sympathy. That movement tends to the elimina
tion from the Legislature of one of the worst per
sonal influences in our politics and the defeat of boss
rule and hoodlum trickery in Republican politics. It
is therefore a movement for the good of the Repub
lican party and for the good of the State. It is one
meriting the support of every loyal Republican in the
district. No better service can be rendered to the
cause of Republicanism in that Assembly district than
the defeat of Dibble. He has never been in any true
sense a representative of the party or of the con
stituency. He stands first for Dibble and next for the
bosses and the corrupt corporations, whose schemes
he knows how to render profitable to himself.
VOTERS of the Forty-first Assembly District
have in this election to choose whether they
shall be represented in the Legislature by
Oscar Sutro, a young man of known ability and in
tegrity, nominated not only by the Democrats of the^
district but by the Citizens' Republican Convention,
or Henry C. Dibble, well known as "a crooked poli
tician," nominated by Kelly and Crimmins by the aid
of such members of the Democratic "push" as could
be induced to help them override the Republican pri
maries. It is, in other words, a choice between a rep
resentative of the taxpayers and good citizens of both
p.-irties and a candidate of the bosses and the "gang3 M
cf both parties.
FOR /HONEST POLITICS.
British critics are pained to confess that their recent
elections were conducted , in notoriously .-.bad \ form.'
They may console themselves, however, on the reflec
tion that tongue thunder smashes noi bones.
HIGH , SCHOOLS— J. . J. P.. City.
"Which of, the two high schools is~rated
the higher according to educator?" is so
Indefinite a question that It is impossible
to answer.
--1 TEMPERATURE '¦ OP; FISH— A. N. P.
£Uar» \Sdenjoi has jatflyea Jtbat fish ,1^
ANSWERS TO COBBESPONDENTS.
BRIlTSH PORTS— A. 8., City. Navlga
tlon between British ports is not restrict
ed to vessels flying the British flag.
Barrow and family. Miss Gertrude H.
Smith • and Robert "W. Campbell of San
Francisco are at the Arlington.
CAXTFOKCTIAire IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— Mrs. Edward
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— J. C. Comstock is
at the Grand .Union. E. Dengel and wife
are at the Herald Square. A. P. Duboia
is 'at. the Astor House. P. Enkelroth Is
at the Herald Square. M. W. Rosenshlne
Is at the Hoffman; Professor F. Stark is
at the Union Square. T. Fllben and wife
are at the Everett. E. C. Hushes an-l
wife ara at the . Herald Square. A. S.
Johns Is at the Navarre. G. T. Page and
wife are at the Earlington. H. C. .Wybro
Is at -the Navarre. F. Williams Is at the
St. Denis; F. L-. Drown is at the Holland.
G. C.Dean'te.atthe Broadway Central.
R. C. Devereup Is at the Continental. Mrs.
E. M. Llnde is at the "Astor. , B. H. Brown
Is at the Grand Union. IB. Banning of
Oakland Is at the Herald Square. Mlsa
B. Tlsdale and Mrs. D. D. Tisdale of San
Jose are at the Earlinprton.
CALIFOBNIANS IN" NEW TOBK.
It appears from this that Bryan, after having tried
the silver issue, the imperial issue, the trust issue and
the government by injunction issue, has at last de
cided to make his fight solely on the "Declaration of
Independence. , As no party in the country Is attack
ing or is likely to attack that document, his latest
move has. in it something of the strategy that seeks
a safe place before the storm comes. - The Declara
tion contains great general principles, upon which all
Americans are agreed. In taking his stand upon
it Mr. Bryan admits he is running for office solely
upon general principles! He is young yet and has a
prospect of making several more runs of the game
kind. We wish the Silver Lincoln Republicans as
much of joy as they can get out of their candidate,
ana may he and they live long to enliven the politi
cal campaigns of the people.
. Instead of speaking out boldly and exhorting them
in the common faith of free coinage, Bryan wrote to
the silverites: "In 1896 the money question was the
question of paramount importance, but the Repub
lican party, by its disregard of the principles of our
republic and by its advocacy of policies repugnant to
the doctrines of self-government, has left us no choice
but to summon all- levers of the Declaration of In
dependence to the defense of that sacred document
and the constitution framed in accordance with it."
These self-styled "Silver Lincoln Republicans" have
no political faith save a fanatic devotion to silver.
They are men who have been firmly on the side of
Republicanism on every issue growing out of the war
and the reconstruction period, and upon all questions
of tariff regulation. They are sound protectionists.
They have no use for Bryan except as he represents
free silver coinage, and yet in accepting their nomi
nation Bryan had nothing to say to them on that sub
ject further than to send them .his back number docu
ments with the declaration, "Them V my sentiments."
BRYflN TO THE SILVER MEN.
AT last, after much delay, Bryan has paused in
his career of stump speaking long enough to
send to the so-called "Silver Lincoln Repub
lican" party his acceptance of their nomination for
the Presidency. His letter was short, but he accom
panied it by a bundle of documents which he beggsd
them to accept as part of his letter. The documents
are his Indianapolis speech in reply to the Demo
cratic notification committee, his letter formally ac
cepting the Democratic nomination, his speech ac
cepting the Populist nomination, and finally his ad
dress at St. Louis on the trust question. It is to be
hoped the silver men will be satisfied with those docu
ments. Certainly they will find very little to satisfy
them in the letter that went with them.
As a violator of its own rules and good resolutions
the Board of Education is playing before the people of
San Francisco an engagement that is perhaps without
parallel in the city. The scandal of favoritism has
shown its ugly head again.
and great numbers of themSare seen in
a single night. Their brightness is due to
the heat engendered by the energy of
their motion. Their speed Is enormous.
42% kilometers a second, while tho
speed of the earth on Its orbit is only
25 kilometers a second. Consequently,
when a shower of them approaches the
earth in the direction opposite to its
course the initial speed is 72 kilometers a
second; when they follow on its course
they gain 16% kilometers a second on It.
Their mean rate of approach Is between
30 and 40 kilometers a second. The
friction engenders a temperature of 3000
degrees. Celsius, subject to which they
burst into flame.
SHOOTING 8TARS-8., City. Accord
ing to Camlllle Flammarlon, a well-known
authority, what - are called "shooting
stars" are small bodies, weighing at most
a few pounds and consisting mainly of
Iron and carbon. They traverse space In
swarms and also revolve around the sun
In long elliptical courses like the comets.
TO«n these uttle bogles enter the earth's
.orbit they pra Aeflecte^ toward th* earth
RURAL FREE DELIVERT-J., Modes
to, Cal. If parties in the State of Cali
fornia desire to apply for a rural free de
livery they must communicate with W E
Annln. special agent for the Western di
vision, with office at Denver, Colo. The
petition must set forth all facts as to the
territory in which it is sought to have the
delivery established, the population, roads,
facility for transportation and ail that ¦
will tend to enlighten the special agent.
HALF DOLLARS— Rare Coins. City.
Dealers do not offer any premium for
half-dollars of the United States coined
In 1809. 1813. 1S26. 1832, 1833 and 1835. Deal
ers offer to sell coins of the first three
dates for So cents and of the last three
dates for 75 cents each. ,
CATTLE RESERVES-F. C. W.. Zebra,
Cal. Congress has not passed & law pro
hibiting cattle from trespassing on a re
serve. For the use of reserves for the
herding of cattle and the price applica
tion should be made to the .Commissioner
of the General Land Office. Washington
IX C. The price depends upon condition*.
GOVERNMENT LANDS-S. F.. Bebas
topol, Cal. The Government has not of
fered to buy back lands and pay $100 per
acre for the same. The Government ha*,
however, offered to exchange certain for
est reserve land for other land.
RENTING LAND— F. C. W., Zebra, Cal.
If a man rents a piece of land to another
the • one renting the property If he has
cattle on the same would have to remove
such unless the party renting it gave per
mission for the animals to remain.
BRESCI THE ASSASSIN— E. F.. Sac
ramento, Cat The reason that Bresci.
the assassin of King Umberto, was sent
to prison and not executed for his crime
is that in Italy there is no death penally
for the crime of murder. .
CROWN POINT-C. G.. Los Angeles.
Cal. The highest ever paid for Crown
Point was during the great mining ex
citement of 1872, when the prlca reached
$2100 per share.
MUST HAVE CONSENT— P. S. J.. City.
In the State of Ohio a minor must have
the consent of parent or guardian In or
der to marry. >y*
ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL— S. "W. K..
City. The old cathedral known as St.
Mary's, at Dupont and California streets,
was .commenced In 1854.
FIRST SCREW STEAMER-Subscriber,
City. The first screw steamer to cross the
Atlantio was " the Great Britain, com
menced In 1S39 and floated in 1845. Her
measurement was 322 length, 50 breadth
and 32 depth, with displacement at load
draught of IS feet. 3618 tons. She started
on her first voyage from Liverpool to New
York July 26. 1S45. and made the run In
nearly fifteen days, her speed being about
nine knots an hour.
Then Join in hand, brave Americana all!
By uniting- we stand, by dividing we fall!
UNITED WE STAND— F. J.. Oakland,
Cal. "United we stand, divided we fall."
the motto on the seal of the State of Ken
tucky, was taken from "Liberty Song,"
written by John Dickinson In 176S. in which
are the following lines:
THE NAME NOT THERE-^T. O. U.,
Kihu. Maul, H. I. The cartoon reproduced
last March in The Call from Black and
White, showing John Bull In the act of
turning over the leaves of a book on
which are the names of a number of gen
erals, does not contain the name of Gen
eral Gatacre.
CALIFORNIA'S VOTE— S., City. In
1896 the popular vote for McKlnley was
146,170 and for Bryan it was 143,373.
not as cold blooded as Is generally sup
posed. Their normal temperature is 77
Fahrenheit, only twenty-one degrees low
er than the normal temperature of man.
Lieutenant C. R. Berry of the United
States Signal Corps has just returned
from ' Manila, having been ordered home
on account of 111 health. He Is stopping
at the Occidental and will return East
this week.
J. Craig, wife and daughter of High
land Springs ire spending a few days at
the Grand. Mr. Craipr is proprietor of
the sanitarium at Highland Springs.
Mayor C. J A. Storke of Santa Barbara
is at the Grand. He came to meet some
relatives who are expected from the East.
John Hays Hammond is back from
Monterey and is stopping at the Palace
prior to returning to London.
District Attorney Benjamin K. Knight
of Santa Cruz Is registered at the Cali
fornia.
W. J. Newman and wife of Mount
Athop, Somerset, Va., are at the Palace.
Captain T. W. Jenkens and A. L. Mc-
Ewen of Lardor, Mexico, are at the Rues.
Charles Garbaln is at the Russ, having
returned from a successful trip to Nome.
E. D. Tyler of New York City Is at the
Palace.
Dr. C. D. Herron of Pittsburg, Pa., Is at
the Grand.
S. C. Mason and wife of Bothwell are
at the Occidental. ¦
R. W. Bull and bride of Arcata are
stopping at the Lick.
T. M. Lane, a mining man at Knights
Ferry, is at the Lick.
Former Mayor B. U. Steinman of Sacra
mento Is at the Palace.
Maude Knowlton. the actress, registered
at the California yesterday.
Fred W. Swanton, a Santa Cruz busi
ness man is at the Grand.
P. F. Wood, the well-known Tulare
stock buyer, is at the Grand.
'A. P. Stewart of the Chicago and Alton
Railroad Is at the Occidental.
Dr. C. H. Whitman and wife of Los An
geles are stopping at the Grand.
Frank D. Ryan ! of Sacramento Is tn
town and Is stopping at the Grand.
L. A. Spitzer, the Santa Clara County
Assessor, Is registered at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
recently been making the round of the
New York theaters.
"Our first attempt was 'Ben Hur.' The
house was crowded even at this late day
of the engagement; very enthusiastic, too;
but such poor acting I was surprised to
see. The hero meant well and acted so
hard that beads of perspiration be
spangled his manly brow, but even this
effort couldn't atone for the shrill voices
of the women and the ranting of the
men. The scene In the galley was truly
Impressive, chiefly because there was lit
tle said and the fine scenery had a chance
to make an impression. The chariot race
was really funny, though not so funny
as the cheering audience, who applauded
a wall circling wildly about eight horses
working a treadmill.
"Next we went to see Drew in 'Richard
Carvel.' The dramatization is poor. No
one who has not read the book could
make out what story the adapter is trying
to tell. Drew acted well, of course, but
he 2s no more Richard Carvel than, say,
Mr. Hartman Is. In the London scene
Richard fights every one In sight and
kills almost a dozenjet a stroke. Every
one on the stage kfl^s making remarks
as to his marvelous strength and size, but
no amount of padding can conceal the
fact that more than one of his enemies
towers above him.
"The finest thing* I have seen here is
Sothern's 'Hamlet.' and this despite the
fact that Mies Harned makes a mature
and unconvincing Ophelia and that ths
rest of the support la poor. I have rpad
no critiques of Sothern's performance, bur
to me it seemed a wonderfully fine and
conscientious piece of work.
" 'The Pride of Jennico' has a wlldl7
Improbable and highly sensational plot,
v.ith a last act rich In banditti, shooting
and a blare of glory that covers the hero \
and heroine at C. I was grievously tli^ap- I
pointed In Jlactcett. Of course a few sea
sons of matinee-Idol experience would
tpoil any man, much more an actor, but
such a conceited fellow I have never seen.
Ho plays at the audience all the time:
his two great and continually alternating
acts are fighting wildly and embracing
the heroine more wildly. Whenever tho
audience applauds mildly he stops wher
ever he happens to be and smiles hia
thanks across the footlights.
"Mansfield's 'Henry V ia the most beau
tifully staged thing I have ever seen. The
fourth act is especially gorgeous; it closes
with a splendid tableau — the Kin? seated
on his war horse, surrounded by his army
and hl3 people. • • • Mr. Mansfield does
not look the part at all and speaks hl3
lines as if In constant worry lest the next
scenic effect will not come oft properly.
The people here seem to bo with him. no
natter what he does, and applauded gen
erously; but he would answer no curtain
calls, though once they clapped all
through the intermission between two
acts (and no short one at that)."
MAURICE GRAU, THE GREATEST LIVING MANAGER 07 GRAND OP
ERA. HIS COMPANY OF ARTISTS IS NOW ON ITS WAT TO THIS
CITY.
ONE of the happiest effects of the prosperity re
sulting from the adoption of Republican poli
cies on the part of the people and the Govern
ment has been the payment of mortgages upon real
estate and the establishment of thousands^of indus
trious workingmen in homes of their own free from
any incumbrance. Hardly any burden is more oppres
sive to the wage-earner than a debt upon his home,
a mortgage that goes on drawing interest whether the
worker draw wages or not, and whose obligations
must be met whatever else may be evaded; and when
these burdens are lifted the people are truly pros
perous.
The extent to which mortgages have been paid off
in this State, over and above the amounts of new
mortgages made during the year is shown in the re
cently published report of the Bank Commissioners.
On August 31, 1898, the savings, commercial and pri
vate banks of California had loans on real estate
amounting in value to $111,228,350, but on July 31,
1899, the amounts of loans so secured were only $107,
104.395. Thus within eleven months there was a
diminution in the value of such loans to the extent
of $4,178,954.
National banks do not lend money on land, but
when times are bad they frequently come into the pos
session of real estate, which they afterward sell to the
people for homes or for business purposes. In this
State the report of the Bank Commissioners shows
that the national banks had on August 31, 1898, real
estate other than bank premises valued at $838,253, but
on July 31; 1899, the value of such real estate was only
$799,202, being a decrease to the amount of $39,050 in
the space of eleven months.
It is not in (.California only that these good results
are to be found. Evidence similar to that furnished
by the report of our Bank Commissioners comes from
all parts of the Union. George L. Warren, president
of the Chicago Real Estate Board, recently stated:
"From the best information I am able to obtain, and
from general observation, I believe that during the
past four years more wage-earners have purchased
homes for themselves than for years previous."
Another real estate report from the same city says:
"The business of selling homes to working people is
now just about 100 per cent better than it was in 1897.
the year of greatest depression. in Chicago's real estate
history. After four years of these good Republican
times there are hundreds of buyers of homes by peo
ple who used to lead a hand-to-mouth existence,
whose quarters were close and stuffy, whose children
knew little air or sunshine, and naught but filthy alleys
to play in. To sell lots in the outlying districts it is
now only necessary to build houses on them, ranging
from $1000 to $3000 in price. More buyers are pay
ing larger amounts of cash on these houses thanever
before."
With such records as these coming from all parts of
the country, the people may well be satisfied with the
effects of the policies of the administration. Prosper
ity that enables the wage-earner to own his home,
and which increases the number of such homes all
over the Union, is worth having, worth working for
and worth voting for.
PAYING OFF MORTGAGES.
It is extremely likely that the voters of the Forty
first Assembly District will not have the same reluc
tance, in expressing their opinion of Henry C. Dibble
as has Ehvood Bruner, who was paid money with
which to purchase Dibble's only value as an Assem
blyman.
Yet we all want to know what is going
on in New York, especially at this sea
son when the new productions are being
made. I consider myself fortunate, then.
In being permitted to print the following
lines from the letter of a California lady
of education and discrimination who has
It is difficult, almost impossible, for a
distant public to obtain from the theat
rical criticism of the New York papers a
just idea of what is really good, really
bad and really indifferent in the metro
politan theatrical world. Many papers
are controlled more or less by influences
of which the public knows nothing — influ
ences which often render the praise or
blame which these papers award abso
lutely worthless. Signed articles are still
tho exception rather than the rule. This
tends to weaken a responsibility already
weak and to lessen the value of judg
ments seldom, judicial. Critics there be,
of course, whose veracity and capacity
are above suspicion; such are Norman
Hapgocd of the Bookman and William
Winter of the Tribune, i But the former
writes only once a month and the latter
not even so often.
For several reasons. First," fashion— a
topic that has been so well threshed out
that it need not be beaten over again
here. Second, because people of refine
ment, who really love music, are kept
away from such a house as the Tivoli by
the atmosphere of tobacco and beer that
makes it impossible for them to enjoy the
excellent s^ork being done on the stage.
The management has posted a notice re
questing gentlemen not to smoke during
the grand opera season, but it has not
courage enough to enforce Its own re
quest. The night I saw "The Barber of
Seville" there was smoking in every part
of the house. "We may be sure Mr. 1 Grau
will permit nothing of this kind.
A third reason why Mr. Grau will get
fourteen times as much as Mrs. Kreling
for a performance not even twice as good
is that he will give his operas in a thea-'
ter and not in a barn. People do really
know the difference. • • * Nothing im
presses a stranger to San Francisco more
unfavorably than the hideous appearance
and inconvenient arrangement of our two
most popular places of amusement— a hld
eousness and an inconvenience at once de
plorable and unnecessary. If we had in
3an Francisco a man of Mr. Keith's cour
age, taste and ability the Tivoli and the
Orphcum would disappear in one month
and would be rebuilt in five. They would
then attract a ciass of people who now
never think of entering these buildings
except when they have to, and then only
with shuddering and with fear.
The weakness of the Tivoli organization
has been chiefly in its sopranos, and now
that the erratic Azzalls have been gath
ered Into the fold we may hope for better
things In that direction. The staging Is
tolerable; the chorus, led by that gentle
giant Napoleoni. is sufficient if not im
pressive; the orchestra, though too per
sistently loud, might be a great deal worso
without being unendurable, and the price
of the whole entertainment is just one
fourteenth of what Mr. Grau la going to
charge— and will get. "Why will he get It?
PRICES for the grand opera season
are to' be $7 for the beat seats. In
strict logic, then, Messrs. Grau and
Bouvier should give us perform
ances fourteen ! times as good as
those now being given at the Tlvoli. That
is impossible, for in spite* of patent defects
the average of singing and acting at the
ugly little theater on Eddy street Is high;
so far as the men are concerned, Indeed,
it is higher than that attained by the men
in that company of Mr. Grau's which vis
ited us two years a»o. Pandolflni was the
only real actor In that company, and he
was no better than Ferrari, whom I saw
the other night In an excellent Interpreta
tion of Figaro, nor than Nicollni, whose
Don Basilio was equally good.
CONCERNING LOCAL OPERA
AND METROPOLITAN DRAMA
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
tation to the Phelanites. The very idea that it is there
and. cannot be disbursed for salaries is undoubtedly
maddening. But the law prevents any interference
with the peace of those twenty-dollar gold pieces un
til the end of the fiscal year. At that time we shall
be in the midst of a municipal campaign, and perhaps
then can* prevent the Phelanites from absorbing the
coin in "organization" salaries.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
A congress of Spanish-Americans, which will have
for its object the perfection of plans to stop Ameri
can and British aggressions, will soon meet at
Madrid. It is safe to say that Spain's recent expe
riences will not encourage her to suggest the build
ing of new navies.
Members of a former Board of Harbor Commis
sioners, ajramst whom grave charges of corruption
h^ve been made, have at least one enduring consola
tion. This is not the first time that the finger of
scandal has been pointed at them, and there is, there
fore, no novelty in the performance.
A local Justice of the Peace has discovered a new
and unique scheme of campaigning. He wants to be
re-elected, but insists that he doesn't have to be. This
teems to be a new way of winning against all odds.
General Linares, who was Shafter's foe in Cuba
Intends to reorganize the Spanish army. And there
is not even a suggestion that he intends to eliminate
himself in the reorganization.
18
•••••••••••••*•*•*****
j TIP-TOP i
J Means best to be had. Hunt the £
>f world over and you will find£
af every one «ay that about our
I GUARANTEED WATERPROOF.*
* j Men's Alaska Seal Lace or Con- *
m greas Shoes; latest style, double^
X sole and extension edges; Just what r
"* you want for winter wear; all tilzes. "z
•*¦ Price- S:?.<K>"*
•¥¦ Cork sole or leather lined 50c extra. ¦*
¦£ ff Youth's Alaska Seal; sizes 11 toj*
X * "Boys* Alaska Seal; sizes *2& to *S& *
J S2.00*
i A TIMELY OFFER ! *
* Fall rains are here and every one *
•fc needs a light foot protection. -»r
-K A little early for heavy rubbers, i
bo we are going to make you an ~Z
j: offer— one that will please you: La- ~*
£ dies' full vamp Foothold rubbers. *
£ all sizes; former price 50c; reduced *
J now W 25c *
I B. KATCHINSKI, |
* PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. *
-fc 10 Third St., San Francisco. *
_i I I LJ LA I I 1 ........
A Vermont lawyer sent a client a bill
containing the following Item: "For wak-
ing up In the night to think over your
case. o0 cents."
Tb« COLORADO MIDLAXD RT. win roa A
through Pullman tourist car to Chicaro, leav*
Ing Los Angeles every Monday at 19:20 p. m..
beginning October 29. and every Tuesday at
< p. m. from Ban Francisco via th» Rio Grand*
Colorado Midland and Burlington
routes. For further Information address H. a
BUSH, reneral agent. San Francisco, •
New Overland Tourist Car Idne.
Special Information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by til*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Moat-.
somery at. Telephone Main 1041 * '
Cal. glace fruit 50c per K> at Townsend'a.*
Grsr.d Oi>ero.-houi'e— "'The Ensign."
Grand Opera-house— Maurice Grau Opera Company. Mcn-
fity evenlns. November 12.
Alcazar— "The Cor^ican Brother*."
Columbia— "Quo Vadis," to-morrow night.
Tl veil— '•Carmen."
Alhambra — "Brown" ¦ In Town."
California — "West's Minstrels.
California— Pinno recitals Weflnesday, October I.
< irphPura— Vaudeville.
f>rpbeuni— California Club Benefit Tuesday afternoon, Octo-
ber ZS.
Olympla. corner Mason find Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
e\-?nin*.
Fischer" r — Vaudeville.
Kabbri's Theater^ — VaudevlUe.
Cr.lca Coursins Park — Coursins.
Sutro Baths — Open nights.
AanrsEaiENTS.Ivy Chapter, Order of the Eastern Star,
will give a grrand ball In Golden Gate
Hall. 625 Suiter street, next Wednesday
evening. The arrangements Insure a good
time to all who attend.
The concert given In Golden Gate Hall
last Wednesday by Misses M. Carrlck, D.
Merle, E. Sresovlch and O. O'Toole, all
pupils of Notre Dame College, In aJd of
the Galvoston sufferers proved a marked
success. The. young ladles have forward
ed a handsome sum to the relief fund as a
fruit of their hard and conscientious
work.
Made Concert a Success.
Fountain Pens.
Ask to see the Waterman Ideal fountain
pen- with a falcon-shaped nib. It Is en
tirely new. We have it as well as a full
lino of Waterman, Swan and other, foun
tain pens. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. • .
The majority of blacksmiths are forgers,
but they are seldom arrested.
The members of the League of the Cross
Cadets and their friends to the number of
many , thousands will assemble In Me
chanics' Pavilion next Sunday afternoon.
October 2S, to do honor to the memory of
Rev. Theobald Mathew, the great apostle
of temperance. The celebration will com
memorate the one hundred and tenth
birthday anniversary of this famous
priest It is expected that fully 10,000 peo
ple will be present. ,
The First Regiment of the League of
the Cross Cadets will march to the Pa
vilion, and seats have been arranged for
the young soldiers In the body of the hall.
Surrounding the cadets will be 5000 junior
members of the league. The galleries and
benches on both sides of' the hall have
been reserved for the friends of the or
ganization.
Tho exercises will be highly Impressive.
The national anthem and the hymns sung
at all featherings by these young advo
cates of temperance will be rendered by
5000 voices. An "Ode to Father Mathew/'
by Herman Sheffaur, will be set to music
and be sung by a glee. club.
Bishop Montgomery of Los Angeles will
deliver the oration. Other distinguished
priests and laymen will make appropriate
addresses. An artistic souvenir will be I
issued. It will contain a sketch of the
"apostle of temperance" by Archbishop
Ireland and other interesting matter.
Rev. Theobald Mathew was born in Ire
land October 10, 1790. Ho was ordained as
a priest In 1814 and began his career as a'
temperance reformer in 1S38. He accom
plished a wholesale revolution. In a few
years 6,000.000 people had taken the pledge
of total abstinence from him. He visited
the United States in 1S49 and was received
with public honors. The Senate voted h)m
a seat on the floor of the chamber— an
honor that had been conferred on only one
visitor, Lafayette.
Father Mathew's tour embraced twenty
five States. He visited 300 cities and towns
and pledged 500,000 . persons to total absti
nence. __¦ '
Father Mathew's Natal An
niversary to Be Appro
priately Celebrated.
WILL DISCOURSE
ON TEMPERANCE
Supervisor McCarthy made the surpr.'s- I
ir.g discovery yesterday that the enormous
Furn cf $314,715 t2 In demands on the gen
eral fund for the present fiscal year Is at
the present lime held as cash in the city
treasury. In other words, the charter is
being Bagrmntly violated In the fact that
certain funds are being bomnved from
to ray claims on the ge-r.eral fund. Mc-
Ca-.-thy -was informed by the Treasurer's
officials that this method of paying de
mands ha? boen the custom for years
owing to the fact that tax collections do
rot commence to accumulate until the end
of October, but he says It is a violation
of the charter nevertheless, which among
the duties prescribed for the Treasurer
provides that "he chaJl keep the accounts
btlcng1r.gr to each fund separate and dis
tinct and fhall in no case pay demands
chargeable against one fund out of
moneys belonging to another."
McCarthy was further informed that
tnis method was countenanced by Mayor
Phelan, Treasurer Brooks, Auditor Wells
end Supervisors Jennings. Tobin and Ho
taling of the Finance Committee. At a
conference held la«=t July It was decided
to pay th« demands for Julv. Au^rust. Sep
tember and October out of St. Mary's
Park fund, the sinking fund and all other
McCarthy was bo dumfounded when he
heard the statement of these facts that
he immediately expressed his determina
tion to direct the attention of the Board
of Supervisors to the plain violation of
the charter. He Fays It would be an In
justice to compel the city's creditors to
wait until sufficient moneys had been col
lected in taxes, but contends that there
Is no warrant in law to pay one dollar out
of the sinking fund or St. Mary's Park
fund for demands on the general fund and
then to treat the demands as" cash.
McCarthy states that the figures carried
on the Treasurer's hooks as cash r.-ill be
increased to over $500,000 when demands
for October are settled at the end of this
month. In other words, that amount of
money Is supposed to be in the city treas
ury in coin, but all there Is to show for
It Is a mass of demands which have been
paid illegally.
funds except the general, which Is ex
hausted. As a consequence St. Mary's
Park fund, amounting to $125,000, has been
used to pay the demands of this fiscal
year. The fund has been expended not
withstanding that It must remain Intact
until the final decision of the Supreme
Court that it may or may not be used for
other purposes is* handed down.
DEMANDS HELD AS CASH
IN THE CITY'S BIG VAULTS
Other Funds Are Used to Settle Claims on
General Appropriation.
J. C. Sims, chairman of the Democratic
State Central Committee, and Mayor Phe
lan are on a "junketing tour in Southern
California. M. F. Tarpey of the National
Committee is at the California Hotel, de
vising plans to raise more money to sus
tain Bryanism. Mr. Tarpey has resorted
to the "endless chain" system of soliciting
contributions. In an address to the "Sons
and Daughter.3 of Liberty" Mr. Tarpey
ventures the announcement that "The
Declaration of Independence is rudely de
nied by the pr.-sent Republican adminis
tration." After setting forth that the
National Democratic Committee is sorely
In need of funds, Mr. Tarpey commends
the "endless chain" method of solicita
tion.
In a plaintive appeal to California he
cries:
"It seems. fitting that this effort to sup
port our great cause through an appeal
to patriotic men and women of moderate
means should be attempted In this State,
where 'the plain people' are protesting
against taxation without representation
and against the tyranny of a foreign
potentate. If it succeeds the plan will be
tried everywhere."
The picture of the "foreign potentate"
produced by the imagination of the so
licitor Is not clearly drawn. Henry T.
Gage Is Governor of the State, but he is
not a "foreign potentate." Neither Is he
addicted to royal notions of etiquette, as
he wore boots at his Inaugural ball. The
Lieutenant Governor of California cannot
be placed in the galaxy of "foreign
potentates." He Is not tyrannical; he is
not a foreigner and he Is not a potentate.
He Is an honest miner, and a good one.
Possibly Mr. Tarpey has Mayor Phelan in
mind and perhaps his allusion Is Intended
for Assessor Dodge.
Further along In the circular the Na
tional Commltteeman pays:
"Persons who are wiling to start such a
chain will secure circulars upon applica
tion. "
"As persons solicited more than once
are not expected to contribute a second
time, such are requested to send circulars
received after the first solicitation to per
eons net already solicited.
"Do not retain any of these circulars,
as one will be returned to you with the
receipt for your contribution.
"Money can be safely inclosed In an
ordinary envelope."
The Call must decline to obey the In
junction of the National Commltteeman
regarding the retention of the circular.
The one in possession of this Journal Is
too highly prized to part with. The ad
mission that money can be safely Inclosed
in an ordinary envelope Is certainly a
tribute to the rectitude of one important
branch of the public service under Re
publican administration. Can it be that
the "foreign potentate" has given the
postal service the overlook?
Remarkable Circular Issued by M. F.
Tarpey of I>emocratic National
Committee — Picture of a
Foreign Potentate.
Endless Chain Method of
Raising Money for the
Campaign.
PLAINTIVE CRY
FOR THE STUFF
A republlo cannot endure unless there is
found within Its confines not only Integrity
but ability. We perhaps are the only people
who are thoroughly familiar with local self
government, and when It was said to me that
some one from a barbaric clime might erect a
This is the situation by which we are con
fronted. I can get along under an Imperialistic
government, but I would rather surrender my
life than to surrender the integrity of my
country. I appeal to you na men of brains to
consider the situation. Can Mark Hanna and
his cohorts control you?
Where are the hosts? On the one slda are
those who believe that the principles of our
forefathers still are more potent than appeais
to profit. On the other are Mark Hanna and
his like.
Pause for a minute. This Is no demagogic
utterance. I am not a candidate for office,
not an aspirant for public place, and I plead
not for gold or sliver either, but I plead for
honest purpose. What Is the real issue before
us to-day? It Is the question whether man
!s able to resist hln.»?lf.
of national rectitude,* and by that we shall
live or die. Suppose -George Washington stood
on this platform to-night, would he be in
favor of a policy of aggression, of oppression?
Are we willing to stand by the declaration* of
the fathers?
If we have read the history of our country
aright It Is this: We have walked the path
Ladies and Gentlemen: Permit me to ad
dress to you a few words of friendly admoni
tion. You and I are Interested in the welfare
of our country. But please allow me to hes
ltata with you in the highroad of progress.
If I ask If the republic ehall exist you say
aye. but as to how it shall exlit there Is
difference of opinion. I do not claim a monop
oly of patriotism, but In that matter Repub
licans eeem to me to be away in the back
ground.
Senator White was accorded a most en
thusiastic reception. The applause con
tinued for several minutes, until the
speaker's stentorian tones arose above It
and commanded silence. The former Sen
ator spoke in part as follows:
Former Congressman Camlntttl called
the meeting to order, and after a half
hour speech Introduced Frank H. Gould
as chairman of the evening. Mr. Gould
talked for fifteen minutes and concluded
by introducing the speaker of the evening.
Senator White spoke but half an hour,
confining his address to the- question of
Imperialism. Two speakers preceded and
five followed him. and between speeches
a quartet sans campaign songs.
Metropolitan Temple was chock full of
people last night, who gathered to hear
former Senator Stephen M. White. The
audience began collecting early and by 8
o'clock, when the band quit playing in
front of the' Temple, the musicians found
It impossible to make theirway through
the crowd to the seats reserved for them
In front of the platform. All the standing
room In the rear well out into the vesti
bule was occupied, and men were massed
In the aisles along the walls' all the way
down to the platform Itself.
government similar to ours I doubted it. and
now I know it Is not possible. With this issue
of Imperialism confronting us, what are we
trying to do? To free a people or put money In
our pockets? XJie men who are forcing Im
perialism are money-getters, who do not care
for the country or the flag either. These are
harsh words, you may say. But they are true
"and I assert that no set of men have the right
to force this country into a destructive policy
at the behest of Mark Hanna.
I have attained the summit of my own am
bitlcn. I have." won certain fights for the peo
ple and I rest content, bui I will not go down
to my grave until I have done that for my
country which I consider the time* demands.
As to Mr. Bryan— he is an honest man; sec
ond, he is an able man, and third, he is a
fearless man: fourth, if he Is elected he will do
his duty. (Voice. "They cannot crowd him
out.") No, they cannot crowd him out. I am
with you on that proposition. And, my friend
In the gallery or wherever you are, if they
cannot crowd him out, that means that If you
voters do your duty at the polls Mr. Bryan
wtll have opportunity as President to do his
duty. '- / (»i.»,
We are nearly at the parting of the ways.
We are getting along to the point where w*
may ; stand up against corporate power. I
plead with you for freedom, not for pelf. We
may not have money to distribute, but we have
right on our side. Shall right prevail? If right
shall prevail, you are the men who can maka
It prevail; If it fall, you voters will b« to
blame for Us failure. l!
Look over your country. Have you evsr •wan
dered to the shores of the Potomac and #een
enshrined there the father of his country? Can
you make this country permanent unless you
stand by those principles that he helped to es
tablish? I anneal to you in the name of this
republic whether the etory of time has been
toH wror.s. la not tho American flag worth
something? Is not the principle on which our
Government was formed of some value? Are
we worthy of our heritage? I plead to. you for
the permanency of this Government and I
ask you to remember that our heritage is a
sacred trust. I sweep away the dull demarca
tion of party strife and put us all on the lofty
pedestal of honor and truth where we can take
the flag of our country before us and say that
it Is the man of law and the man of. brains wh)
alone is capable of administering a free repub
lic
Ex-Judge Robert Ferral was Introduced
and made one of his characteristic when
the-stars-sang-together speeches. Porter
Ashe was the next speaker, and In addi
tion to paying a glowing tribute to Sen
ator White he made a few "feeling', touch
ing remarks" in behalf of his own candi
dacy.
John J. Valentine, whose popularity
with tho rank and file of the Democracy
Is demonstrated whenever he appears at
a public meeting, talked for some minutes
and told them what he Had told them be
fore.
\V. »M. Gibson made a short speech.
Charles A. Swelgert was the last speaker.
He exercised to the utmost the right of
the American citizen to travesty the Pres
ident.
Immense Audience Greets the Former
Senator at Metropolitan Temple.
WHITE PLEADS FOR
OLD INSTITUTIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIj, SUNDAY, OCTOBER. 21, 1900.
J. Kirk has sent to R. W. Webster. Su
perintendent of the San Francisco Public
Schools/ nis findings in the case of Ebe
nezer Knowlton, the local school prin
cipal, who entered an appeal on account
of salary withheld from him because of
alleged : lncompetency by the Board of
Education of : this ; city. Mr. Kirk ¦ finds
that the Board of Education has failed to
follow Its adopted ; rules : in several re
spects. Mr. Knowlton, he says, was not
given a' fair opportunity, to be heard In his
own defense, therefore the Superintendent
rules that the ' alleged :? complaint of in
competency was not established. The sal
ary that has-been ' withheld from Knowl
ton Is ordered paid.
The case was turned over to Mr. Kirk
three weeks ago. Soon after the evidence
of ¦; Knowltpn's aide ¦; had been filed with
KIRK SAYS KNOWLTOH IS
- ENTITLED TO HIS SALARY
State Superintendent Files . His Ke
* port in Case of Local School '
' Principal.
State Superintendent of Schools Thomas
Young Folks Entertained.
Through the efforts of a score of clever
young people of the Western Addition $50
was added to the Galveston relief fund
yesterday. An entertainment was given
in Devisadero Hall and a large number of
friends of the young artists helped tho
affair along by their presence. William
Martin, William Stern and Joseph Lltch
field had the benefit in hand and it was
due to their efforts that the affair was a
success.
the Superintendent Mr. Kirk received a
request from the Board of Education ask
in? permission to file its side of the case.
This "as granted, so that Mr. Kirk's re
port is made only after careful perusal of
both sides of the case.
. _ .
An announcement made yesterday by
Chairman Mark that ;he Board of Edu
cation Intended to place evening and day
teachers on an equality in making as
signments to regular positions according
to the chronological order of their ap
pointment will be cheering news to those
educators who ply their vocation In the
night time. At the last meeting of the
board Superintendent Webster directed
attention to the fact that a resolution was
passed by the last board providing: that
in fixing the average date of original ap
pointment of teachers experience in night
schools should count for one-half as com
pared with similar experience In day
schools. Webster notified the board that
unless the resolution were regularly re
scinded it is in full force and effect and
the assignment of teachers to the day
substitute and day unasslgned lists was
subject to its provisions.- . / ••;
Webster further stated that' the board
had illegally assigned Miss Lucille O'Con
nell and Miss M. F. Mooney to the substi
tute list, as the fact '.hat they had been
elected as evening school teachers would
bring down their average date of ap
pointment several months later on ac
count t of evening experience counting
only one-half. In that event the two
teachers would be relegated to the,bot
tom of the day unasslgned list.
Chairman Mark has directed the secre
tary of the board. to ascertain the date of
the passage of the resoiution referred to
by Webger. The rescinding of the reso
lution will folloxv and the substitute list
will be left undisturbed.
"The board believes." said Mark, "that
the chronological order can be best fol
lowed by taking the exact date of tho
teachers' election into consideration when
assignments are made. We take the stand
that this Is the only fair way to follow
out the priority of service rule.: If a res
olution has been passed placing night ex
perience in teaching as only one-half as
effective as that of day teaching It will
certainly be abrogated. I and the other
Directors believe night experience in
teaching to be equally as valuable as day
experience and 'In some Instances more
so. Let the original date of appointment
obtain in assignments of teachers and it
strikes me that it will be just to all
teachers.". .. - •
Director Dcnman Is hopeful that by the
end of the school term places will be
found for many of the present substi
tutes. What with leaves of absenco
granted to other pedagogues, retirements
and. marriages the outlook for teachers
now unasslgned is very promising.
A circular has been issued by the cam
pajgn committee to principals and teach
ers urging active work for the purpose of
bringing about the passage of Senate con
stitutional amendment 15 to be presented
to the people on November 6. 1900. Prin
cipals are requested to obtain from their
teachers a statement as to the amount
each will contribute to a campaign fund.
Resolution Counting Night
Experience One-Half
EQUAL RIGHTS
FOR TEACHERS
Ivy Chapter "Will Dane©.
19
The day is lost If you pass It without
having laughed at least once.
Will Place On Sale
THIS WEEK
Consisting of SUITS, JACKETS, CAPES, SILK
SKIRTS. GOLF SKIRTS, LADIES' AND MISSES'
AUTOMOBILES, MISSES' JACKETS, etc.
We invite special attention to the following EXTRA-
ORDINARY BARGAINS which will be placed on sale
THIS WEEK !
LADIES' GRAY CHEVIOT SKIRTS, richly ' appliqued,
value for $5.00, will be placed on sale at. $2.90
LADIES' KERSEY JACKETS, in Tan, Castor and Blue,
value for $8.00, will be placed on sale at $5.00
LADIES' BLACK SILK SKIRTS, in all sizes, value for
$12.00, will be placed on sale at .$7.50
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED CAPES, trimmed
with Cloth Straps and Satin Braiding, value for $10.00,
will be placed on sale at $7.50
LADIES' BLACK SERGE TAILOR-MADE SUITS,
value for $22.50, will be placed on sale at. ..... .$15.00
LADIES' FEATHER BOAS, in the latest shades, value
for $11.00, will be placed on sale at $7.50
LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, in all sizes,
value for $1.50, will be placed on sale at .75°
SUITS MADE TO ORDER
We are strictly one-price house.
All Suits made to order guaranteed to fit or money re-
funded.
A (YRRIFN&nO
U 1 V JLJi llijla. UlUvi
1146 Market Street.
Cf course it is the province of
sense to take advantaje of business
progress Pattosien's big store on
16th and A.ission Streets is crowded
every day with buyers of bargains
Yes, sensible thrifty home providers
who will not wait until the excitement
of the holiday season has clouded
their judgment are taking advan-
tage of the low prices now prevailing
in every department and furnishing
their homes with lasting Furniture
and Carpets and warm Bedding and
Draperies at a saving of 25 per cent
compared with holiday prices. He
who reads rules .
Does it not stand to reason in any
reasonable mind that the place to
get your money's worth is where
honesty abides; where goodness
and style and low prices are com-
mingled all the while in what you de-
sire? Such a store is Pattosien's,
It is the height of folly for any
one in any line of business to pay
two prices, and you know by coming
out to the Mission you avoid the
stores where you are asked to pay
two prices- one for the privilege of
getting in and the other for the
pleasure of getting out— alive.
Pattosien's store is an original
store in the fullest sense of the word.
Yes, it must appear even to the
thoughtless as soon as they enter
the big building that the whole great
enterprise is cast in a different
mold, so, to speak — it is cast in
large molds -an expansive and gen-
erous mold of thought, while the
combine stores cast in aj con-
tracted "ingrown-nail" kind of mold.
A RARE COMMODITY.
ORIGINALITY IS
Pattosien's big store stands as a
barrier against everything that can-
not show a clean bill of health for
common honesty; it is supported
and sustained by three powerful
agencies— one is its superior quality
and character of the Furniture and
Carpets, the other is the proper
appreciation of the people, and the
third is the fact that the price for
the same goods is always about 20
per cent lower than the prices of
the combine.
A fox's reputation rests In his
skin. ;• i
When you come to look at it or
when you come to look at the two-
price combine you see In it noth-
ing but the face of the fox. It may
not be as handsome as that little
t.ack tip of nose, decked with red
or sorrel, but it is that inquisitive
nose that is projecting itself into
the business methods of the pres-
ent. It is the fox of usury, the
advance agent of trusts and com-
bines. They want to make it all in
one year, by trying to get the ex-
clusive sale of certain lines of goods
and charging two prices.
Bear these truths in mind. Pat-
tosien's big store, represents the
mighty truth of business! Its con-
tents represent the truth of values!
Its principle represents the truth of
integrity! Its prices represent the
truth of bargains. Everything in-
tcrna'.iy or externally typifies
precise truth.
AND WILL PREVAIL.
TRUTH !S MIGHTY
extended in the interest of the people
it is right here and now. Trusts
and combines are sapping the life
blood of individual effort and are
bearing from the embrace of humble
enterprise the fruit of untiring
activity.
The Pattosien Company has for
several years been subjected to the
most foul and un-American methods
of so called competitors because
it would not join the combine in "a
contemptible conspiracy against"
the right of man. But the big store
in the Mission stood its ground and
K:pt down the prices of house furn-
ishings to the proper level of home
comfort
The Pattosien Company, corner
16th and Mission Streets, runs the
biggest Furniture and Carpet House
on the Pacific Coast— for all the
people. They hnve a corps of honor-
able and intelligent salesmen but
vho are ignorant of all the ''tricks
of the trade." ignorant of those pe-
culiar methods which those peculiar
creatures of the combine adopt to
gain trade and grow rich, ignorant
of everything that smacks ot "smart
practice." They have a manager in
charge who is a Power unto himself,
without a letter of credit from any
trust or combine, gifted by nature
with a well balanced head and with
an everlasting desire to do right by
his bellow men.
Any attempt of any of the combine
stores to imitate the business
methods or to follow in the footsteps
of Pettosien's.would be likeacripplc
on crutches. In a swamp trying to
follow an express train.
LIKE A CRIPPLE ON
CRUTCHES IN A SWAMP.
If ever there was a time vrhen the
strong arm of protection should be
PATTOSIEN'S
HOUSE FURNISHINGS
FATTOSIEN'S
$2 50 ladles' shoes to-morrow 95 cents.
Assignee shoe sale Boston Shoe Co., 775
Market street. •
At the Sandy Hook Ughthouss waves In
a storm break on the walls with a weight
of three tons against every square inch.
Are worth your inspection. We
rather flatter ourselves on a
particularly choice line of goods!
|| Latest in Belts. Leather Goods.
La<51*s" Tinsel Belts, In silver or sold Larffs assortment of finger parse*, to-
-pulley or sash buckIes..50c to |US lnUlal 60c> n
M/atnhfi? anrf PlnPfrC Genuine alligator combination p*urw»
IldlulICO UlIU UlUlmOi and card ease, special this week..S0o
Oxidized American Movement 18-stzo Genuine leather combination purse and
watch, guaranteed........ ..$1.73 card cage eterUng gl i ver corners, all
EUht-Day. Half and Hour Strike .>,-,,..
Clock, mahopany frame. 20-inch «hades 50o
hanging; special at $150 Good leather Boston bag. outslia
... , •¦ i-, ¦ pocket ..J.... .35c and 50c
Wedding Rings. j —
years 60o Suit Cases.
t +- ¦ T
I Send your name and address fon our New I
I Holiday Book of Prices, out Nov. 5, 1900 |
-1 +
A Full Stock of Hand and Power Horse-dippers.
L_- : r^|
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
— : MAJI* ORDERS FTLiED
NEW WESTER* HOTEL.
KEARNT AND "WASHINGTON 8TS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, Me to 11 50 day ;
15 to IS week: $8 to $20 month. Free batha; hot
and cold water erery room: nre grates la vnar&
room; elevator ra&s aU night.
WE DON'T "BLOW,"
Bat just quote our prices
for ihis week. You will
know whether it is worth
while to walk in and louk
around. Is it not so ?
9x6 to 12x9 /Lrt Rugs, $2.40 to 87^20.
Japanese Dugs, 49c to $1.44.
Ar'y Carpets, 34c to 74c«
Boston Fiber Carpets, 49c
Heavy MA ttings, 7*C.
Boston Fiber Ougs, 80c to $1.19.
ly
Cashmere Carrjets, 49c to 64c.
. c. .. . i
Linoleums, 49c to 63c,
Ar'TP Japanese Rugs* 18 feet
Ai by 21 feet, $28.
Decorative Burlap^, 27|c.
Linen Warp 1-leavy Embossed Mat-
11 tings, 20c to 34c.
€uperi/"\r Oilcloths, 24c.
ir\lv 1 vAlvJi H 1
228 Powell Street*,
PALACE AND
GRAND. HOTELS
Th« beat «Tid«no* of th» poputatity of
thea« hotels can be found In th» continued
Mtwrf of those who oa some Brwlous
occasion bav* mad« them their head-
quarters when Tisltlnr San Francljco.
Connected by a covered paaaazeway and
operated under on* minacemeot oa thm
American it 1 European plan.
- Harrier
)Va*S«K > H| GH ORADE GOODS
S WORKWWSHIF
Perfect Fitting
and gracefully
shaped garments.
I give personal
attention to all
' orders. Extensive
connection with
all fashion centers. w
Prices Reasonable.
Mail Orders Fllhd.
Don't Mistake ths Number.
THE MODERN BEAUTY LOOKS TO
CRBME
DE
LIS
as the only face preparation which
can be depended on to prevent tan
and sunburn and to remove all dis-
figurements and the oily look from
the skin ¦without a particle of danger.
For more than fifty years It has
been relied on to, restore the skin to
Ita normal beauty.
Sold by all druggists and general
dealers. If you cannot obtain It.
send us 50c for large bottle, or 10c for
trial size.
E. B. HARRINGTON & CO..Mfr's.
Los Angeles, -Cal.
ATV\7TSTTtT T TRIJ' r M MN'f'H*
A WAJERPROOF^LEATHER -
BUCKINGHAM & HECHT ***W1
At $% the pair. No rubber and oiled silk linings
so unhealthf ul to the feet. Sold only at
Matl Orders 4V"W" . m ~>- . ... ... .
Fined. *"•*.- 738-740
Address W%. £*l CT %A Market St..
S^ 1^,.., ; lid Dt %SJ.,8an Francisco.Continued From Page Fourteen.
FOR BRYAN DEFEAT IS INEVITABLE.
New York County cast 308,232 votes for
President In 1S96. It will probably cast
360 000 votes this year. In so large a total
vote a slight change In either direction
would make a marked difference In tho
plurality. The estimate here given is
based upon the conditions now existing.
The vote In Kings County Is estimated
as follows: McKlnley's plurality, 5000;
Odell's plurality, 1000.
Careful figuring gives Brooklyn to Mc-
Klnlev this year by a majority very much
less than that by which he carried it four
years ago. In 1896 the county gave Mc-
Kinley a plurality of 32.253. This year,
according to Indications, bis plurality will
be between 5000 and 10,000. Odell will have
John B. Stanchfield will probably run
at least 5000 votes ahead of Benjamin B.
Odell Jr., the Republican candidate for
Governor in New York County. The sound
money Democrats and a proportion of the
independent Republicans wiirsupport Mr.
Stanchfield rather than Mr. Odell, though
Mr Stanchfield will undoubtedly encoun
ter some opposition from union labor.
Quay Is a candidate < for and
the Republicans and Democrats
have formed r a fusion 5 in ¦"many districts.
The outcome of c the election ; may { bo -a
deadlock In the, Legislature/ which would
' In tho classification" made up by The
Call : the State of I Kansas is given to ; the
Republicans, j The Republicans are , much
more certain ¦ of electing their electoral
ticket : than of ¦- carrying ; the Legislature,
because t the districtingr : of I the State is
against them. Should they. meet with re
verses '_ they are likely^ to ¦ lose tho Legis
lature. H In ' Pennsylvania' the j Republicans
are J credited ;, with 1 being • able . to ' elect a
Senator. ; The Quay, fight, \ however, com
plicates things greatly there.
Senator Kyle, .who 1 Is classed as an In
dependent, is practically.:; a ; Republican/
and \ Senator Jones f of , : Nevada It " is be
lieved ; will ; be ; in the • Republican column
next^year.''. ".'¦ \ ;:.;*,V ; ,-.: ¦<;¦ i .-"•:¦
Senator, Stewart of '.Nevada, who is
called a Silver; Republican, is actively
supporting McKinley, and : is classed as a
Republican In the next Senate.
There; are eighty-six members now In
the Senate, and four.; vacancies are— one
each in Delaware, Montana, Pennsylvania
and Utah. There are at present in the
Senate 50 Republicans, 26 Democrats. 5
Silver Republicans, 4 Populists and 1 in
dependent^ In these totals Wellington of
Maryland, who ha3 abandoned the Re
publican party, Is counted ad a Democrat.'
CHAIRMAN MAGUIRE
TAKES ROSY VIEW
NEW.' YORK, Oct. 20.
To the Editor of The Call—Wil
liam J.Bryan will carry New York.
I do not look for more than 70,000
Republican majority above the
Bronx. .
JAMES K. MAGUIRE. *
Chairman Democratic State Ex
ecutive Committee.
the Ninth, ¦ which '¦. Is « now represented by
William A. Rhea, Democrat. Mr. Rhea is
a candidate' for re-election and his oppo
nent is General James A. .Walker.
- Controls of the; Senate.
To Republicans certain ; control of ; the
Senate depends upon the adrift to McKin
ley continuing as it is at'present. Should
there be a landslide to | Bryan the Senate
could scarcely be controlled by the Demo
crats, as the House of ; Representatives
would be, but it would be . dangerously
close.' . • ' •. ¦" -' ¦¦¦¦ . :. -:¦:. . : .- . ¦ -:
Montana Is regarded as safely Demo
cratic, although the Daly faction of .the
Democrats is favoring the Republicans.
Montana gave Bryan 42,537. votes ; in 1896
and McKinley only 10, 4i>4, and the silver
sentiment is still strong in the State. Re
publicans admit that the best they can
dp will be to cut down the Democratic
plurality, •-——__
MONTANA.
McKinley and Boose ! velt Will Easily
Republican managers In Wyoming:: feel
certain that McKinley and Roosevelt will
carry that State by a majority of not less
than 5000. The Silver Republicans conced
ed defeat ten days ago. and the National
Democratic Committee practically has
abandoned hope.
Carry the State.
WYOMING.
Careful analysis of the claims of the
Republics and fusion State committees,
the latter including the Democratic, Pop
ulist and Silver Republican organizations,
and of reports from all parts of the State.
Indicates that McKinley electors will
carry Washington by at least 5000 plur
ality.
Both 8tate tickets are made up of clean
men, but In the general prevalence of
sentiment favoring McKinley .it is be
lieved tnte Republican State ticket, headed
by J. M. Frink for Governor, will win by
pIuralitiM ranging from 2500 to 3500.
5000 Plurality.
McKinley Electors Will Be Chosen by
WASHINGTON.
Industrial conditions In West , Virginia
are excellent. There conditions are di
rectly in favor-t>f the Republican national
ticket, as the vote of the coal districts Is
naturally Republican and the miners
openly express their fears of the possible
results of a change of national politics.
Imperialism and trusts. are the issues
discussed. The first named does not
arouse ' much enthusiasm. The sound
seems to interest many, though there Is
no apparently widespread belief that the
Democrats are ¦ any more In earnest in
regard to the annihilation of trusts than
are the. Republicans. Free silver is not
talked of this year at all, which Is In
eharp contrast .with the campaign of 1896
In this State, when the - farmers were
widely excited over the money measure
and ardent advocates of free coinage.
West Virginia's density of population Is
determined by the operation of railroads,
coal mines and industrial concerns, and
wherever a McKinley majority appears,
especially where previous elections show
Democratic pluralities, It will be found
they arise from an Increased vote of rail
road men, mlneworkers or millmcn. In
1896 the railroad managers, coal operators
and mill managers were openly working
for the interests of the Republican candi
date for President. .This year, while
nearly all of them favor the election of
the Republican ticket.- they have • not as
yet shown any great energy In increasing:
the vote in this State for the Republican
Electors.
The influences at work to reduce the Re
publican plurality this year are so strong
and so difficult to estimate that the
Democrats, are hopeful it may be ¦wiped
out altogether and \Vest Virginia go
Democratic. Owing to a Democratic
gerrymander of the State a Republican
plurality for the national ticket of less
than 5000 may result in a Democratic
Legislature and the election of a Demo
crat to succeed United ; States Senator
Stephen B. Elkins. If the Legislature is
Democratic and the gubernatorial election
very close, as Js probable, many fear a.
desperate contest for the executive chair,
such as West Virginia has already wit
nessed once before in its history.
There can be no doubt that the fate of
the Republican ticket this year rests upon
the vote , in ten industrial counties
which turned Republican in 1896. Marked
Indifference to the election, lack of inter
est on the part of the managers of big in
dustrial enterprises or any considerable
increase of Democratic belief among the
people of these ten counties, would make
the State Democratic.
Neither party has a good organization
In the State, though the Republicans are
better off in this respect than the Demo
crats. The Republican official estimate
of the plurality is 21,000. The Democrats
claim that a careful poll shows a plurality
for Bryan of 7500.
West Virginia must not be called a
doubtful State, though the six electoral
votes will probably be given to President
McKinley at this election by a much
smaller plurality than In 1S96.
ably Go to McKinley.
The Six Electoral Votes Will Prob-
WEST VIRGINIA.
Mormons can swing Utah to McKinley
or to Bryan as they choose. Nothing has
been given out yet by the Mormon leaders
which will serve to Indicate what the
church will do. The minimizing of free
diver by the Kansas City convention
turned hundreds of influential Silver Re
publicans to McKinley, and for a tlm-j
Republicans made large bets at even
money that McKinley would carry the
State.
State as They Choose.
UTAH.
Mormons in a Position to Swing the
This Bryan loss is absolute. Another loss
to Bryan is among the cattlemen. The
cattle interests have prospered in West
ern Nebraska side by side with the de
pression in the profit of tilling the soil.
The cattlemen in Western Nebraska are
emphatically for McKinley. Buffalo
County, in the Sixth Congressional Dis
trict, of ¦which Kearney is the county
seat, is the storm center of the Middle-of
the-road Populist revolt against fusion.
There are no less than 200 Populists in
Buffalo County who have left the fusion
lets" and are affiliating with the'Repub
licans. They are really former Repub
licans who joined the Populist movement
in 1S95. determined to fight both the old
party organizations. .They have voted un
der protest for the fusion nominees In the
three last elections. The defeat of Towne
at Kansas City decided them. They be
lieve that the Populist party has been sold
out to the Democrats.
have abandoned homesteads in Western
Nebraska have removed to o^er States.
Ohio shows a loss of two Republicans.
In Pennsylvania tho Republicans gain
three. The Republicans are likely to loss
one Representative in Tennessee and an-
In New York the Republicans will evi
dently defeat Rowland Miles in the First
District, where Frederick Storm Is their
candidate; Edmund H. Driggs, Democrat,
In the Third, with BriEtow: Bertram T.
Clayton. Democrat, in the Fourth, with
Henry Hanbury: and Frank E. Wilson.
Democrat, In tho Fifth, with Jacob
Worth. In New York County the Thir
teenth. Fourteenth and Fifteenth dis
tricts are likely to go Republican unless
Bryan carries the county by a very largs
majority, approaching that of 1898. Pugs
ley, Democrat, Is likely to be elected In
the Sixteenth, or Westchester, District,
now represented by Underbill, Democrat.
The Republicans will hold all the up-State
districts now represented by Republi
cans, and George M. Southwick will carry
the Twentieth, or Albany, District, now
represented by Martin H. Glynn. Ryan,
Democrat, can scarcely be defeated in the
Thirty-Second <Erle) District by R. B»
Mahaney, Republican. c----
There will be in New York State a gain
of eight for the Republicans If the con
ditions on election day are the same as
are Indicated now. ' . # ?J
Missouri loses one for the Republicans.
The Republicans will gain one Repre
sentative in Nebraska and may gain three
in case of a landslide to McKinley.
Kentucky, which now has two Repub
lican and nine Democratic Representa
tives, may elect four Republicans, one
Fusion and one Bryan man and six Dem
ocrats.
Massachusetts shows a gain of one for
the Republicans. \
Iowa may have a solid Republican dele
gation of eleven, as now, but may lose,
one to the Democrats on account of the
German vote.
Illinois, which has now fourteen Repub
lican and eight Democratic Representa
tives, Is certain to elect nine Democrats
and nine Republicans, while four districts
are doubtful.
Indiana, which has nine Republican and
four Democratic Representatives now,
promises to elect eight RepuBlicans and
five Democrats.
Losses and Gains.
TAMMANY'S HEAD
IS NOT PREDICTING
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Richard
Croker declined to make any pre
diction for publication In regard to
the result of the election In
Greater New York or in the State.
It Is known, however, that he has
promised a Bryan plurality of 80,000
in the city.
would undoubtedly carry enough districts
in those States which now seem to be
safely Republican to give him the House
"of Representatives. The changes in the
State delegations indicated by The Call's
canvass are practically a standoff, there
being no net gain to either.
Republican members of the new
Senate, 46; opposition, 33; , doubt
ful, 11.
InM HERE a.re in the House of Repre
i sentatlves of the present .Congress
I 1£5 Republicans and an opposition
JJL of 169 and three vacancies in
Maryland, Delaware and -Utah.
Two of these vacancies represent Demo
cratic districts and one a Republican dis
trict. The poll of The Call and Herald of
Congressional districts throughout che
country shows that the House of Repre
sentatives In the Fifty-seventh Congress
will be safely Republican unless there Is a
landslide to Bryan. The Republicans
stand to carry on the face of reports re
ceived 1S5 districts. This is six more than
a majority and is the representation the
party has now. There are fourteen dis
tricts in doubt, and if the Democrats
should carry all these the anti-Republican
strength would be 172.
But if Mr. Bryan should bs elected he
Hepublican Representatives in tlie
Fifty-seventh Congress, 185; Demo
cratic Bepresentatives in the Fifty
seventh Congress, 153; all others, 5;
doubtful districts, 14. Total, 357.
Republican majority, 179.
Of the doubtful districts, there are four
in Illinois, where the Democrats are
making a great effort to gain representa
tives in Congress. The doubtful •Illinois
districts are the Second, now represented
by William Lorimer, who is a leader of
the Tanner faction; the Sixth, which is
now represented by Henry S. Boutelle. It
Is the city of. Chicago, the Fourteenth
or Peoria district, which Is the scene of
a very hard fight, and is now represented
by Joseph B. Graff, his opponent being
Jesse Black, and the Twenty-first Dls-
GENERAL GREENE
IS MOST SANGUINE
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.
To tho Editor of The Call— I have
made no predictions in figures and
shall make none. The result in
the county Vf New York will be
satisfactory to Republicans. The
Republican vote will be nearer the
figures of 1896 than those of 1898.
• FRANCIS V. GREENE, H
President Republican County Com
mittee.
trlct, which Is known as the East St.
Louis. districts, and Is now represented by
William Rodenbergr, his opponent being
Fred J. Kern. All these districts are now
represented by Republicans and any one
carried by tho Democrats represents a
Republican loss:
In Kansas the doubtful district is tho
Fifth, now represented by James M. Mil
ler, a Republican.
The doubtful district in Maryland is the
Second, represented by William B. Baker.
The Democratic candidate is J. Fred-C.
Talbot. former Representative. The
chances seem to favor Talbot's election.
In Minnesota the districts in doubt are
the Sixth and Seventh. These are both
represented by Republicans at this time.
• The doubtful Missouri districts are the
Eleventh and Twelfth," now represented
by Richard Barthold and Charles F. Joy.
Montana is considered a doubtful State,
but the Republicans during the last few
days have shown a disinclination to
claim It.
The two doubtful districts In Ohio are
the Third, which Is now represented by
John L. Brenner (Dem.), and the Twen
tieth, whose representative now is F. O.
Phillips.
; The one doubtful district in Virginia is
In the Doubtful Districts.
The doubtful districts are one in Vir
ginia, the Ninth; two in Missouri and ono
In Maryland. - *•
Of the 117 solid South 'representatives
ninety-eight will be Democrats and four
teen Republicans, and the battle has yet
to be fought- out in five doubtful districts.
The States from which Democrats will
have no representation are Connecticut;
Delaware, Idaho and ' ; Iowa, probably
Maine, Michigan. New Hampshire, North
Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, South
Dakota, Vermont, Washington, Wisconsin
and Wyoming. '
CONFIDENT INDIAN A;
WILLGOFORBRYAN
INDIANAPOLIS. Oct. 20.
To the Editor of The Call— I be
lieve Indiana is safely Democratic.
The party has many accessions be
cause of the Porto Rlcan tariff
bill, farmers are coming , to It on
account of .trusts, the laboring
people are with us because they
are now compelled to pay more for
necessaries «of life than formerly
and the foreign element in tht»
State is with us because it does not
believe in imperialism. I feel con
fident;'that Indiana will 'cast Its
electoral vote "for Bryan.
* " THOMAS TAGGART.
Member National Democratic Com
mittee for Indiana.
other In Texas, but ihey may gain one
in "Virginia.
The South, as. usual, is almost solid for
the Democratic candidate. Tha States of
Alabama, Arkansas. ,• Florida, Georgia,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Caro
lina and Texas ¦ will be represented by
Democrats entirely.;
From Kentucky there are likely to be
five Republicans, -from Missouri one and
from West Virginia three, from Mary
land four and from Tennessee two.
There was a large registration In 1S96
and the McKinley landslide followed it
Th& Republicans say that tha outpourine
of citizens to register this year is a sign
of the repetition of their victory. They
also hope for much from Democrats of
the old school. Many of these Democrats
are declaring that they will vote the Dem
ocratic State ticket, but will cut Bryan
In the last few days the- drift among tho
people seems to have set toward McKin
ley and many voters who in the early
period of tho campaign were inclined to
cast their ballots for Bryan now declare
they will vote for tho Republican candi
date. •
about 1000 plurality. Neither Republican
nor Democratic campaign managers have
yet given out figures. The Republicans
however, publicly claim tho county bv a.
maiority approximating that which wa3
rolled up In 1S96. while the Democrats pre
dict something like the Van Wvck maior
lty of 1S9S for their candidate. Van Wyclc
received 1S.2S2 more- votes in Kings than
result In Pennsylvania having a vacant
seat in the Senate. Quay Is not out of
the woods by any means and the result Is
very, much in doubt. Two seats are In
doubt in the States of Delaware, Montana
and Nebraska.
In Delaware there Is a vacancy, and
Senator Kenny's term expires. There Is
a fierce fight in the Republican party ow
Addicks and while there is one set of
Republican Legislative candidates in
Newcastle County, there are two seta of
Republican candidates In the other two
counties. Unless one of these tickets is
withdrawn the Democrats are likely to
control the Legislature.
The Fight in Montana.
In Montana, where Senator Clark's seat
is vacant and Senator Carter's term ex
pires, there, is~a very fierce contest be
tween the Clark and Daly factions. No
one can tell'untll after the election wheth
er the Republicans will control the Leg
islature or not, probably not.
The Republicans of Nebraska claim to
have some chance of winning the Legis
lature even if Bryan . carries the State.
Should Bryan be defeated and the Legis
lature be carried by the f usionists, the
Senators elected would probably be Bryan
and Allen. The fusionists have recently
been making great efforts to carry the
100,000 MAJORITY
'FOR McKINLEY
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.
To the Editor of The Call— New
York State will give President Mc-
Kinley a plurality of 100,000. ¦¦'. -
BENJAMIN B. ODELL JR.,
Chairman Republican State Com
mittee. • Ti
Legislature, so as to give Mr. Bryan a
seat in the Senate in case he is not
elected.
Wyoming is almost . certain to return
Senator Warre^i, and there is little doubt
of the Republicans controlling the Legis
latures in Michigan and Minnesota, whila
in New Hampshire, New Jersey and
Rhode Island they are certain to do so.
NEW JERSEY.
at Abuot 44,000.
McKinley's Plurality Is Figured Out
McKlnley's plurality in New Jersey will
be about 44,000. This estimate is based on
information obtained from about a hun
dred different persons of whom inquiries
were made in every county In the State,
Including political leaders, chairmen and
secretaries of State and county political
organizations of both great parties, min
isters of the Gospel of many denomina
tions, newspaper men, manufacturers,
working men and business men.
The Republicans are full of boundless
confidence, and the tide is all their "way.
Their factional fights in a few counties
over local offices have abated, and will
apparently have llttlo effect. They have
plenty of money. The Democrats feel the
depression incident. to waging a hopeless
fight, and their State leadership fails to
Inspire confidence. Few Democrats who
refused to vote for Bryan four years ago
will vote for him this time. Some Demo
crats who voted for McKinley four years
ago- -will stay away from' the polls this
year altogether. Many of the Democrats
who voted for Palmer and Buckner in
1896, numbering 6373 In this State, will vote
for McKinley this time. Some will not
vote at all and a few of them will vote
for Bryan. It can be safely affirmed that
the canteen question cuts no flugre In the
canvass. It is not talked about or consid
ered. It is not an issue. Nor are impe
rialism and militarism Important factors
In the campaign. Many persons were op
posed to the acquisition of the Philippines,
but comparatively few feel disposed to
carry this opposition to the extent of giv
ing up and lying down. Nor do they be
lieve that a Bryan administration could
bring about a more patriotic and satisfac
tory solution of the problem than can the
present administration. There is much
the same feeling as to trusts. The people
do not believe that this is a , party ques
tion.- The main question considered and
taken seriously by the voters of New Jer
sey Is' the danger in Mr. Bryan's election
of an overturning of the present business
and industrial prosperity and of bringing
commercial and financial disaster upon
the country. The dread of this is at the
bottom of the distrust -of and opposition
to Bryanism. There is a deep and wide
spread feeling among the Democrats of
this State, that there can be no hope for
the party until it is rid of Bryanism once
and for all, and many of them have re
solved to help bury it out of sight this
year/ . ¦
SOUTH DAKOTA.
the Republicans-
Probabilities Seem to Be in Favor of
South Dakota will be very close, 'with
the probabilities, in favor of the Republi
cans electing the two Representatives at
large, the electoral and State tickets.
IN GREATER GOTHAM.:
Estimates Made by Croker Will Be
Very Much. Reduce d.
New York County— Bryan' a plurality,
30,000; Stanchfleld's plurality, 35,000. '
Richard Croker has :; declared that
Greater New York Trill give Bryan a plu
rality of 100,000, and he has assured Mr.
Bryan himself that he will have 80,000
more votes \ than McKinley In the city.
The Democrats expect this plurality. to be
rolled up in the boroughs of Manhattan
and Bronx. In. view of the large majority
which they expect from the interior of the
State the Republican campaign managers
are disposed to be liberal to the city Dem
ocrats. ¦ ¦ Their ¦ estimate of the Tammany
plurality of New York County is between
40,000 and 50,000. It Is probable that both
the Democrats and Republicans have set
their figures too high. Collating the
results from registration with - all the
other facts bearing upon the drift of sen
timent? and giving Tammany the benefit
of every, doubt,' it does not seem probable
that its plurality for Bryan in the county
of New York will exceed 30,000.
• By the . postal-card j>oll ; made by • the
Herald a plurality for Bryan of only 1S.000
was vindicated. .While the Herald based
no predictions of Its own upon the re
sponses which' It received from the dis
tricts ! canvassed . In s New jYork - County, • It
gave the results as the best possible indi
cation ¦ obtainable ; before > the ballots are
actually cast of how the election is going.
Though the popular drift i has never, failed
to ¦ foreshadows Itself when the test ! of the
postal-card | canvass has i been applied, ex
perience has shown that this drift is like
ly to continue - until election day. > After
due allowance for it has been made Mr.
Bryan • will have * 80,000 more votes than
Mr. McKinley in the county. * ;:-;¦•- . ¦
- Grover - Cleveland : In 1S92 polled . 62 per
cent of i the .total county -vote. This was
Democracy's? high-water. mark. Never In
Its = history > had , it ¦ succeeded in obtaining
a similar proportion • of the. votes." In. 1892
the : trend to Cleveland ' was as strong as
the tide for McKinley in 1896. In other
words, " the entire Independent Democratic
vote and . thousands of independent«Re
publican .votes were added to Tammany's
BOlid: total.' . ."¦¦; ~, ' ' *i : ' , " ¦ — :
In * order . to I obtain ; a plurality of 86,000
In New York County this year the Demo
crats , must asrain poll 62 . per « cent of the
total ; vote. -The ; most ? casual observation
reveals - the * fact •¦ that " conditions i do .- not
warrant a repetition of the success of 1S92.
This year the Independent I Republicans," a
large proportion of,, the Independent Dem
ocrats. ..who > are i mostly- gold > men,'." and a
majority of. the voters are against Bryan.
In House. and; Senate Me Party of
Prosperity Is Certain of Having
. a Working. Majority.
REPUBLICANS WILL HAVE
CONTROL OF NEXT CONGRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
. At a recent voting contest It was unanimous-
ly decided v that V there , was ' ; nothing '. better ,' on
earth than tha "American" clear Havana cUrar.*
Good Doctors Are Quick to See and
Appreciate B-eal Merit in^Iiew
Medicines.
Btuart'fl Dyspepsia Tablets are a discov-
ery of great value to the medical profes-
sion and ¦ the public. They are an unfail-
ing specific In all cases of dyspepsia and
disordered digestion.
Almost everybody's digestion .is dis-
ordered more or less, and the ¦ commonest
thing they do for it Is to take some one
of the many so-called blood purifiers,
which In many cases are merely strong
cathartics. . Such things are not needed.
If-the organs are In a clogged condition,
they need only a little help and they will
right themselves. Cathartics Irritate the
sensitive linings of .. tho stomach and
bowels and often do more harm than
good. ¦ *. . .
Purging Is not what . Is needed. The
thing to do is to put *.the --food' In con-
dition to be readily digested and assimi-
lated. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets do
this perfectly. They partly digest what
is eaten and give the stomach just the
help It needs. They stimulate the secre-
tion and excretion of the digestive fluids
and relieve the congested condition of the
glands and membrane*. They put the
¦whole digestive system In condition to do
its work. When that Is done you need
take no more tabletB, unless you eat what
does not agree with you. Then take one
or two tablets— give them needed help and
you will have no trouble.
It's a common-sense medicine and a com-
mon-sense treatment and it will cure
every time. Not only cure the disease,
but cure the cause. Goes about it In a
perfectly sensible and scientific way. ¦
'We have testimonials enough to nil a
book, but we don't publish many, of them.
However™™ \
Mrs. B. M. Faith of Byrds Creek. WU.;
says: I have taken all the Tablets I got
of you and they have done their work well
in my case, for I feel like a different person
altogether. I don't doubt If I had not got
them I should have been at rest by. this
H B. Wlllard. Orisldw, Iowa, says": Mr.
White of Canton was telling ¦ me of your
Dyspepsia Tablets curing him of dyspep-
sia from which he had suffered for eight
years. As I am a sufferer myself, I wish
you to send me a package, by return mall.
Phil Brooks, Detroit. Mich. ; says:,, Your
dyspepsia cure has worked wonders In my
case. I suffered for years from dyspepsia.'
but am now entirely cured and enjoy life
as I never have before.^ : I gladly recom-
mend them. "'TifiiyfiyFJrjWj' Jifft'WtMfM 'PHUtC
It will cost 50 cents to. find out Just how
much Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets "will
.help you. * Try. them— that's the best way
to f\ f*rl ti f 1 Jl ig : *? ia | l |g l 4MBint
. All ? druggists cell [ them. A little book
on stomach diseases will be mailed free
by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall/
.Mlcn. ¦ ' " ' -
ARE QUICK TO SEE.
Our New Art Room
••••cIIlU**** •
Curtain and Drapery Dep t.
v This department, recently opened on the third v
floor of our Post-street store, is replete with all of the i £;
latest and most artistic creations in curtains, draperies i%
and hangings, as well as the many little articles of use jjj
and adornment which add so much to the comfort 1<|'
and attractiveness of the home. : |p
Everything contained in this department has been •";§,
selected with a thorough knowledge of what is re- J§;
quired by the best decorators and by; people of tastq ':r|
and refinement. ; Ej -$^
We are prepared. to suggest and carry out for yoa ;if
schemes of decoration for a cozy corner, or for your
entire house. We offer this week the following :!?
sn^Mai^* ¦ •'•"'f r
specials. , v
• j
Imitation Arabian Tapestry Specials.
Net CUPtainS* We have a nice line of Oriental
-« . • « . Tapestries, SO inches wide, in a great
iJSnS" 18 , a n ? n *£«££ »n 5 of rich coloring, mostly nar-
V? 1 2« ?,«, 1 2?= row striped effects, which draoe v«t
We have a good quality of thesa r Yard 50 °
curtains in different shades of ecru. m
in a number of patterns, which 6ell" Sllkollfie CPCtOniTCSt
regularly for $ S .oo For .this week- SuiMf , for mantel chair
Per Pair $4.50 etc^ mostly in Hght Rroun( j 3t oret .
Fine imitation Arabian net cur- tily figured. These goods sold at
tains of extra fine quality, in a num- 15c and 20c, but we mark them thia
ber of shades of ecru, a splendid cur- week at— Per Yard 12Jc
tain and the best imitation of the
genuine Arabian that we have ever T-»»vt--—^.^t »V_ 1.^.-—. .— .
seen- Per Pair $T.5O FlgUPed VelOUPS.
* We show for the first time this
R«tfenfiei»6 Cni*tninQ wcek a line °' fif^red Velours which
Daucnocpg v*urrains> for noveUy o{ desij?n and ri chness of
We offer, this week a splendid line coloring surpass anything of this na-
of genuine Battenberg curtains, hav- ture that we have ever secured
ing wide insertion and edging, in a These are genuinely new creations,
number of different patterns which you sho uld see them. All 27
sell regularly for $5.00— inches -wide.
PcpRnir Only $4.00 Pcr Ya rd 75c, 85c, $1.00
Nottingham Curtains Fine French and
. Here is a special line of Notting- D^tJcSoin T'ornaof-wi^o
ham lace curtains in white and ecru. KCFoItin I apcSlrlCS*
3l4 yards long, plain and figured We call your special attention to
grounds. These curtains are verv our display of fine French and Per-
durable, wash well, and have all the sian tapestries, in Heraldic and other
appearance of costing twice as much rich designs. These Roods are new
as we ask for them. We bought them and are very rich indeed. We can-
at a particularly low figure, and offer not give you a very good idea of
them to you on the same basis. They them by mere description, but ask
are just the thing for fitting out a you to inspect them. You will not
hotel or rooming house^ — . _ be disappointed. The prices are —
Pen Paii* Only $1.35 Per Yard $1.3O to $4.OO
Hemstitched Linens.
A new line of extra fine quality of Linen OOllieS*
pure linen table squares and trays A H hand lincn
has Just been opened. • They are all doili in differen t designs. 6x6. very
double drawn, hemstitched and can fine qua i ity _ p CI . Dozen 95c
be hadjnain or stamped in different
designs. " The following prices are TaiTlbOUP SCaPfS.'
one-third less than goods of this w . . „„ „„„,„.<. j „ r^ c t
nualitv sell for remilarlv We have secured a l in « of Tam-
quaiity sell lor regularly. bour scarfs at a very special price.
18x18 ..each 40c comprising seventeen different de-
20x20 ..each 4-5C signs. Just the thing for tops of
24x24. each 50c sideboard. mantels and tables.
18x27 each 6^c , Usually sold for 60c to 18x36, 4Oc
30x30 each $1.00 75c. Our price — 18x54, 50c
Pillow Tops,
Our new assortment of pillow tops for the holiday traders a very large
and complete one, comprising about forty new designs in colors, ready for
working. It is impossible to enumerate them here, but we call attention to
two of the most popular. The first is a flag lily design, very pretty in col-
oring and very graceful: the other, an Indian head, which makes a very
striking pillow. Any of our designs'can be seen worked up in our art de-
partment. Price for each of these last two designs —
Top and Back, 6O Cents
I - -
Stamping free on all goods bought of us. Lessons given in em-
broidery. Free delivery In city and bay towns.
• rr :^':A-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AD VERTISEMJSNTS.
> ZEbt
/3*rta* &j£ 1* ft ft .ft till J
i \tbc (perfect o" x btj'' *
iBDTfLEOATTHE O|FnLLERY^
Used in the Metficdf Departments of the ¦ I
U.S. ARMY 8r NAVY SERVICE'
WOLFF & CO. *j
fRANCtSCO, J 0ISrRIBUTORS.il
Sewcrt Cf/m/ftr/ens cf, rtJ/Utd dottles. $ I
l lCocomohile'\
Steam Motor Vehicles.
Safest! Most
fastest! reliable!
I BRAKE TEST— Stopped withia 6 feet, going at full speed.
SPEED— 1 mile, 1 mio. 6 sec«| 10 miles, 20 min. 20 sees.
HILL CLIMBING— 36 per cent grade.
+ : \
Noise! |^yi||ij' I Odor!
4- ?
SEND FOR CATALOGUE
THE 4t locomobile" COMPANY
of the Pacific,
oppv PVPVTX-rc l255 MARKET STREET ' Los Angeles Braach.
OYEX fcVfcMiSl*. SaQ Francisco. CaL 103 Scuth Broadway.
IbBh B B Kill ,S&»K§»^/' 'vSv
IfrEcL a KaBiw IllPfJl^ %^|y
QDCPIA! KTQ FflB MEM f \ " ¦ vlmu Z-^+^^S- — - r $5$5^r-' /^
orCUIALIolo rUn mtlfi a • \^ My,)' ¦ v^§l
ESTABLISHED Ma. - /^Lffewii:^^^ /
L*rsest Institution. Most Ex- I ' %> Jn?W$$K*& ///
tensive Practice. Consultation %%yy\ {$$?'{%''<. / V W^'vift^vP ' ///
*w; erne Lost Manhood an«i llfiSi ff&MMSS^^t/y'
Dls'eae^fth; Kid"** Polson ' Y^^^ Y/^
Private book and advice free %%ff; Nw^V'
Pa "' nt8 .* upDlled w ? th m «d'cines from onr own private laboratory, without charse.
ELEVATOR I MARKET STREET, j Hours-s to s, kiiy.
ENTRANCE. jlOl san francisco. ys - 9 u,ii.
S Sunday, Oct. 21st. \
I Swell for Autumn wear 1
I — n c w lines in new I
I cuts — Oxford greys and |
r browns for shadings, p
I mostly short and with §
\ the new lap-seams. B
I Here's part of the list — |
\ lots of other kinds : |
a Boy's Top Coats — of 1
I Covert with a velvet I
I collar U
If Age* 3 to 10 veara _ $*3.Co |j
[I Boy's Cheviot Overcoats I
M — a very stylish little i
I top coat cut to a per- I
I feet fit I
j Ages 5 to 12 yean - $4.00 i
I Boy's Top Coats — of 1
I Oxford grey — silk |
; Ages 6 to 14 years - $7.50 |
Very Fashionable {»
Youth's Box Co v ats — a I
I novelty in Oxfordgrey g
— lap-seam and velvet |
collar I
Agej 11 to 19 years $10.00 I
One whole floor of j-
Boy's Wearables 1
I The Red Front!
j A. J. PRAGER S. SONS 1
%857-S69 MARKET STREET^NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; th«
height of tide Is the rame at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States ' Coast and' Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights -of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. X., Mer
chants* Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 20. 1300.
SUNDAY. OCTOBER 21.
Sun rises 6:24
Sun sets 5:25
Moon rises 4:34 a. m.
Music at the Park.
The following is the park inusio pro
gramme for to-day:
Overture. "Comedy*" (Keler Beta.): •*Choru»
of the Romans" (Massenett; ballet, "Excelsior"
(Marengo): drinking song from "Cfcvallerta
Rusticana" (Maacagnl); popular operatic selec
tion, "The Singing Girl" 'Herbert); overture.
"Martha" (Flotow); cornet dust. William
Mahood and D. C. Rose brook (selected); scenes
from "Tannhauser" (Wagner); lntcrmexio.
"Salome" (Loralne): march, "Chio«t9 War,"
descriptive (Mlchaells).
Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmount
ed photographs. Printing and developing:
done In the latest styles. Sanborn. Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Cameras and Photographic Supplies.
other organization. The funeral will taka
place to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock
from the family home at 2609 Flllmore
street. Rabb! Meyers of the Bush-street
Synapogue will conduct the services. Tha
pallbearers wMI be selected from the ranks
of the theatrical men. The remains will
be Incinerated at the Odd Fellows' Cem
etery.
Levy's death was not unexpected. He
had teen confined to his bed several •weeks
before the end came, steadily growing
weaker from the effects of a chronic mal
ady. When he passed away his relatives
were near. He leaves two surviving broth
ers and fc • sisters — Sol J. Levy, David A.
Levy. Mrs. D. Davis, Mrs. J. Goldschmidt
and Misses Maria and Rebecca Levy. He
was a member of the Benevolent and Pro
tective Order of Elks, but belonged to no
In his time Levy was manager for many
leading actors and actresses. He was
connected with Lawrence Barrett In a
managerial capacity "from 1870 to IsB4,
when Barrett was In the zenith of his
fame. He managed the Edwin Booth and
Lawrence Barrett combination, which In
cluded Modjeska. for a period. He opened
the Columbia Theater in this city with
Daly's company of New York. His con
nections were numerous and successful.
Two years ago his health failed when he
was in the I Bast and he retired perma
nently, residing since then In this city to
the time of his death last Friday night at
2GC9 Flllmore street.
when he became private secretary for
Colonel Powers of Grand Rapids, Mich.,
manager of the Grand Rapids Opera
house. . .
Frank M. Rhodes of Sacramento, who
was robbed 'by Maude Adams and Helen
Moore, swore to complaints In Judge Mo
gan'e court yesterday charging them with
grand larceny. They were booked at the
City Prison on the charge.
Dora Lequlme, the girl who vai
severely beaten by her aunt, Amenyada
Lpquime. 1147 Silver avenue, because she
did not play the piano correctly, swore to
a complaint before Judge Mopan yester
day for the arrest of her aunt on the
charge of cruelty to a minor child. The
aunt, accompanied by Attorney Cognet,
went to the City Prison and surrendered
herself. She was released on $50 cash ball.
General H. M. C. y Apramonte appeared
In Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday to an
swer the charge of felony embezzlement
preferred against him by John M. Chre
tien, the disgraced attorney. W. H. L.
Barnes. Chretien's attorney, did not ap
pear and the case was continued till Oc
tober 23. A subpena ¦will be served upon
Chretien in the County Jail to appear as
a witness.
Cruelty to Her Niece.
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COXTBT.
Mrs. Amenyada Lequime Arrested for
Judge Carroll Cook yesterday passed
sentence upon' three prisoners convicted
during the week. Manuel Perara, a fish
erman, for forging a check on the Ameri
can Fish Association, was sentenced to
serve ten years in San Quentin. Herman
M. Hastings, convicted of grand larceny
for stealing Jewelry from Mrs. Jennie
Kean, 906 Market street, was sentenced to
four years in San Quentin. William Daly,
ex-foreman In the warehouse of the Cali
fornia Fruit Packers' Association, Seventh
and Berry streets, who was convicted of
petty larceny, was sentenced to six
months in the County Jail. The Judge in
passing sentence on Daly took the occa
plon to remark that he was utterly at a
loss to understand the verdict of the
Jury, aa Daly was guilty of grand larceny
If anything.
The case of Mac Simpson, the nurse ac
cused of stealing Jewelry from Mrs. Jeanne
Ney La Roche, whom she attended at the
Sutherland Hotel, was called. The de
fendant was held to answer jby Judge
Conlan. Judge Cook said he had care
fully read the stenographic report of the
evidence taken before ' Judge Conlan and
found none whatever, on which the holding
of the defendant was Justified. If it went
before a Jury, he said, he would order
that the defendant be acquitted. In the
interests of Justice he would order the
case dismissed.
NURSE MAE SIMPSON
DECLARED NOT GUILTY
Judge Cook Orders Her Case Dis
missed — Court Sentences Three
Criminals to Prison.
Tour presence is earnestly requested to
morrow, when there will be sold shoes
Tor ladles, boys, misses and children for
75 cents a pair. 1000 pairs will be placed
on the table to pick from— none worth less
than $1 50 and up to $3 60. This is from
the stock of the Rochester Shoe Co. The
best bargains ever offered at the Bee
Hive Sho« Co., 717 Market street, near
Third. *
A Great Event.
Cc'lis P. Hur.t'r.gton's pet scheme for
Coir.g away with the Promontory Moun
tain route cf the Central Pacific's line
from L>ucin to Ogden is to be carried out
lr. every detail without further delay.
Chief Engineer Hood of the Southern Pa
cific construction department is away on
matters havlr.g a direct bearing on the
undertaking, it is said.
It was given out in the offices of the
company yesterday that this work would
commence without further delay. The
new piece of road will cross Salt Lake
for a distance of about forty miles. The
extension bt-jrins at the extreme western
portion of Utah and er.ds at Ogden. The
total length of the new track. Including
that which will cross the lake, will be
about 319 miles. TMs is thirty mile*
shorter than the present line by way of
Promontory Mountain. In addition to ac
quiring a shorter route the new line will
te more level, one of the greatest objec
tions to the old line being the Fevere
.grades th;»t had to be contended with.
Much better time will be made possible
Shorter Line to Take Traffic
of Promontory Mountain
Route.
THIRTY MILES
WILL BE SAVED
Ernest Coleman of the hospital corps
left his post In the general hospital at the
Presidio several days ago and on the ros
ter of the hospital "Absent without leave"
is written opposite his name. Coleman
took his departure shortly after receiving
a letter from Kansas City, and before go
ing confided to a friend the reason for his
departure without asking leave.
Two years ago, when Coleman enlisted
at Kansas City, he left behind him a
sweetheart, promising to return at the
end of his enlistment and make her his
wife. She was willing to wa» that length
of time, giving in return her promise to
remain faithful. They corresponded reg
ularly, and Coleman was anxiously count
ing the days that must elapse ere he could
go home and claim his bride. About two
months ago the letters from the girl
seemed to lack in fervor, and the hospital
steward became anxious. There was ev
ery reason for his anxiety, for each suc
cessive epistle from his lady love con
tained fewer expressions of love and the
"thousands of kisses" dwindled to but
one. The climax came in a short note
which read:
Dear Ernest: I'm etuck on another fellow.
Soldier Deserts His Post
When His Sweetheart
Jilts Him.
VENGEANCE ON
A HATED RIVAL
Two b!g deals, involving; the transfer of
about 150,000 acres of l*nd. have just been
closed by William H. Mills . land agent of
the Southern Pacific. The purchasers are
the McCloud River Railroad and Lumber
Company and T. B. Walker of Minneapo
lis, the latter beinj? one of the largest
lumber operators in the Northwest.
Both tracts are In the McCloud River
district, southeast of Mt. Shasta. The Mc-
Cloud Company will make lumber for its
extensive lumber yarde. while Mr. Walker
Intends to construct a 35-mile railroad and
erect mills with a great capacity.
of Land, Closed.
Big Deals, Involving 150,000 Acres
by the new route and this whole section
of the road will be brought to a higher
standard of excellence. The company ex
pects to retain the old line for any con
tingency that may arise.
»
TO OPEN McCLOUD DISTRICT.
I don't care if you never come bock.
Immediately on receipt of the heart
breaking message Coleman packed his
outfit and with fire in his eye started for
Kansas City. With tears In his eyes, he
told his tale of woe to a friendly comrade,
saying: »
"I can get another girl, but I am going
back to break the head of the fellow that
cut me out."
The hospltn! corps men who returned on
the Sherman have been assigned to duty
at Fort McDowell, pending the completion
of the repairs to be made on the trans
port. The Sherman will be given an over
hauling and made ready for a return trip,
leaving heje about November 1.
The paymaster visited the general hos
pital yesterday and paid the attaches for
the current month.
Joseph J. Levy is dead. He was well
known to the theatrical profession In all
the leading cities of the United States and
Canada, having repeatedly visited them.
He was allied to the thespians from his
early boyhood. He was a native of New
York City and was born September 27,
1847. Levy was little more than a boy
Death of Joseph Levy, Who
Was Well Known to
Many Thespians.
LIFE'S CURTAIN
FINALLY FALLS
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column rives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur*. The heights
iclvcn are In addition to the . sounding on th.
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
SPOKEX
P*r Fr th!p YUle de Mulhousc — Auj 20, lat
Saturday, October CO.
ftmr Ftate of California. Thomas, Astoria.
Stinr Corcr.a. Gielnw. San Dieeo.
Ptmr T'.llair.ook, Hughes, Albion.
Ktmr Ponona, Shea, Eureka.
ftmr Willamette. Hanson. Seattle,
fitmr Arcata, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Strnr Newsboy, Hssgina, .
Ship Diritro. Go«>(Jwin, Liverpool.
Bark Theobald. Henderson. Pupet Sound.
Hark Fails "f Olvde. llatson. Hilo.
Schr Ctas R Wilson. Johnson. Gray* Har
bor.
Karpe Santa Paula. Nielsen. 82a Pedro. Ja
tow of tvs liefcue.
SAILED.
Baric C D Bryant, Cclly. Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
Bark Vldette. Dwld. Saiina* Crur; C A
H-r-er & Co.
Bkta Treble Bird. Jackaoa, Tahiti; J Plnet
* Co.
Saturday. October 29.
Etrnr Pon-.or.a. Shea, Eureka.; Goodall. Per-
CLEARED
Saturday, October 20.
Etmr Secuoia, VTlcltel. 15 hours from Fort
Br&rc.
£t:^r Del Nort«. Allen. BV4 day» from Port
land, etc
Stror TTmaXlila, Cousins, 76 hours from Vic
toria, etc
£t:sr Peru. Priel«, 10 days 15 hours from Pa
r.rrna, etc
Stnr Noyo, JcbEscn, 14 hour* from Fort
TZrtLgg.
Elrnr Eecuola. Winkle. IS hours from Port
Brass.
hT.r Fcotia. VTalvip, IZ hours from Trinidad.
Etrnr Bon:ta. Nicolson, fcj hours from New
port aad way pert?.
Ship Aryan. Wfclttler. ITS days from New
Tcrk.
Ship Eher-acioth, Taylor. 63 cays from Syd
ney.
Fr ehtD Ville ie Mulhouse, Glrard. IT6 days
from Swansea.
Br 6hip Crurcpton. Hume. ICS <Say» from Ant
werp.
Bark "Wanderer. Dunbar, 21 days from Xoret.
Fr bark Arr.lraJ Troude, Mace. CS days from
Newcastle^ NSW.
Brig J D Sprecke'is. ST fiays from Guam.
Schr Bonanza, Saiirh. 25 days from Fox
Ifiand.
Schr J KrTiiag-er. Sklrper. CO hours from
Sleuarta Pcir.l.
Shipping: Intelligence
ARRIVEI
The American bark Vidette cle»r*d yesterday
lor EaJinaa Cruz with 19.175 railroad ties, val
ced at J6712.
Railroad Ties for Mexico.
Tfc« Archer end the Kaiulani will load mer
chandise lor Honolulu: the S«-rena Thayer.
lumber at Eureka, for Kahului. the Bourbaki.
wheax lor Europe, 4f*. ret-harter**!! prtor to ar
rival; the Admiral Troude, ¦wheat lor Europe,
Sle. prior to arrival.
Charters.
LIVEHPOOLr-Arrlved Oct 20— Stmr Etniria,
from New York: stmr Georglc. from New York.
Sailed Oct 24-Stmr Campania, from New
York: rtmr Cevlc. for New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 20 — Stmr Serapls,
from San Francisco, via London.
KOBE— Arrived prior to Oct 20— Stmr Lennox,
from Portland, Or. for Manila.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Grosse
Kurfurpt. from New York, for Bremen.
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived Oct 15 — Stmr Tyr,
from Portland, Cr.
ANTWEKP— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Friesland,
lor New York.
HAVItE— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr L f Aqultalne.
for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
M 34 S. lon 63 15 W— Br Ehlp Balmoral, hence
June M. for Queenstown.
Sept SO. lat 10 N. no Ion — Fr bark General de
Bcisdettre. from Swansea, lor Oregon.
MEMORANDUM.
Per ship Shenandoah— On Aug; 21 Captain
Harvey fell overboard and wai drowned. The
¦fatp arrived In charge of the mate.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 20. 10 p m— 'Weather
hary; wind NW, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Oct 20— Stmr
Greenwood, for fc-an Francisco.
POUT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 20— Chll
bark Temuco, irom Arica.
Arrived oct it>~Bk Tidal Wave, hence Oct 6.
Arrived Oct 20— Shli> John Currier, from
Honolulu.
ASTOltlA— Arrived Oct SO— Per bark Fran
cisco Toso. from Callao; stmr Geo \V Elder.
hence Oot 17.
Sailed Oct SO— Stmr Columbia, for S*n Fran
cisro.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, for Pan Francisco.
• TACO MA— Arrived Oct 20— Schr Wm Renton.
Sailed Oct 20— Bktn Amelia, for Honolulu;
fhlp Jabez Howes, for Honolulu.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Oct 19— Stmr IMrleo. for
Skaguay; Br stmr Oopack. for Manila; Btmr
KaSiak. for Ban Francisco.
Arrived Oct 20— Schr Nellie Ooleman. from
Port Townsend; stmr Mackinaw, hence Oct M.
NEW WHATCOM-Salled Oct 20— Br ship
Low Wood, for Tocopllla.
REDONDO- Sailed Oct 19— Schr Etlmson. for
Seattle.
COOS BAT— Barbound Oct 20— Stmr Empire.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Samoa, hnc
Oct 17; stmr Eureka, hence Oct IS; stmr Al
liance, hence Oct 18.
Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Westport. hence Oct 17.
Failed Oct 20— Etmr Alliance, for Coo» Bay
and Oregon: etmr Eureka, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEEXSTOWN— Arrived Oct 1»— Br thlD Eu
phroeyne. hence June 15. Oct 20— Br «hip Gal-
from Portland.
KOBE — Arrived prior to Oct 20— Br rtmr
Lennox, from Oregon.
HAMBURG— Arrived Oct 20— Ger stmr Sera
pis, hence July 7. .
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived Oct 16— Nor Btmr
Tyr, from Oregon.
NAGASAKI- Sailed Oct 19— G*r ship Alice.
for Ore-on.
Sailed Oct 13— Nor etmr Universe, for San
l Francisco.
PANT A ROSALJ A— Sailed Oct 2— Ger bark
Pallas, for Pupet Sound. Oct B—Ger8 — Ger bark
Olra, for Portland.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Oct 3— Dutch bark Pax.
for Oregon.
SYDNEY— Arrived Oct 19— Ship M P Grace,
from Port Hadlock.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Oct 20— Chll bark
Ema Luisa. from Port Blakeley.
ACAPULCO — Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Barra
couta, for Panama.
VICTORIA— SaiIed Oct 1»-Br Btmr Mlowera.
for Australia.
Arrived Oct 20— Br etmr Glenogle. from China;
*chr Vera. with 551 skins; schr Borealls. with
173 skins.
The bark J. D. Spreckels returned from
Guam yesterday. She brings no late
news. As reported the Californian was
there on August 19 with two blades of
her propeller gone. August 30 she pro
ceeded to Manila. Three days out from
t>uara the Spreckels lost her upper top
eall yard, but was not otherwise dam
aged.
11. C. Larsen has bought the schooner
Corinthian from Bender Brothers and will
run her In the bark irade.
Captain Thompson has taken command
cf the brig Pltcalrn. Fhe goes from here
to Fort Bragg to load lumber for Central
America. On her last trip iho Pitcalrn
carried jrold hunters to Nome.
Water Front Notes.
Twelve coasters are barbound at
CoquUle River. They should have been
on their way here several days ago, but
owing to a laclc of tugboat facilities they
failed to cross the bar. The tug Triumph.
•which does all the work at Coqulile. is
now Sri San Francisco receiving an over
hauling and in cons&Quonce the lumber
fleet had to depend on the wind. This
failed them and one and all are tied up
awaiting a chance to get out over the
har.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Umbrla.
from Llverjxxjl.
Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Amsterdam, from Rotter
dam; «tmr Anchoria. for Glasjrow; stmr CaD
Frlo, lor Hamburg; stmr L.ucania, for Liver
pool; Btmr Mln^ehaha, for London.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
1 ,
Wind Fails Lumber Fleet and Dozen Schoon
ers Are Forced to Remain Until Return
TWELVE COASTING VESSELS
BARBOUND IN COQUILLE RIVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
TO SAIL.
21
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Eureka Humboldt s Oct. 21
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 22
Columbia Portland.' Oct. Zl
Fanta Rosa..... San Diego Oct. 2'J
Cleone ?...!Tlllamook lOct. 22
¦Warfleld lOyster Harbor lOct. 22
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 22
Pomona Humboldt.. Oct. 23
Matteawan .... Tacoma Oct. 24
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 24
City of Puebla.. Victoria Oct. 24
North Fork .... Humboldt. Oct. 25
Point Arena ...iPolnt Arena Oct. 25
Arcata ICoos Bay Oct. 25
Corona IR<in Die*" Oct. 2*5
Gaelic IChlna and Japan.. 1 [Oct. 26
Mncklnaw !R«»attle lOct. 28
Iaqua |Xewi>ort (Oct. 2«
State of Cal iPortland lOct. 27
Czarina iReattle lOet. 2S
Bonlta I Newport lOct. 2S
Curacao |Mexlco .'. |Oct. 23
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Bontta Newport Oct. 22. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla .. Victoria Oct. 23. 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 23, 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 23. 9 am Pier 13
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 23, I pm Pier 13
Santa RoBa San DieKO Oct. 24, 11 am Plervll
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... jHumboldt (Oct. 23, 2 pm Pier 9
Coos Bay... (Newport (Oct. 26, 9 am Pier 11
City PeklngiChina&.TapanlOet. 28. 1 pm PMSS
Arcata |Coos Bay Oct. 27, 12 mlPier 19
Corona ....[San Diego Oct. 28. 11 amlPier 11
City Pu»bla I Victoria Oct. 2S. 11 amlPler 9
North ForklHumboldt Oct. 28, 9 amlPler 2
0 Time Time Time " Time
t> Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
e L. W H W L W H "W
!1 ... S:25 l.S 9:57 6.6 4:13 O.S 10:50 4.6
3 ... 3:56 2.1 10:25 5.5 4:43 0.4 11:35 4.5
3... 4:26 2.4 10:50 5.5 5:M 0.2
H'W L W H W L W
!4 ... 0:17 4.5 4:58 2.6 11:15 5.5 5:55 0.0
S .. 1:0? 4.4 5:31 2.8 11:40 6.5 6:33 —0.1
!« ... 1:4S 4.4 6:t9l 2.9 12:10 S.4 7:15—0.3
7 ... 2:41] 4.4| 6:54 3.0 12:45 5.3 8:00—0.1
0 Time Time Time " Time
t> Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
e L. W H W L W H "W
!1 ... S:25 l.S 9:57 6.6 4:13 O.S 10:50 4.6
3 ... 3:56 2.1 10:25 5.5 4:43 0.4 11:35 4.5
3... 4:26 2.4 10:50 5.5 5:M 0.2
H'W L W H W L W
!4 ... 0:17 4.5 4:58 2.6 11:15 5.5 5:55 0.0
S .. 1:0? 4.4 5:31 2.8 11:40 6.5 6:33 —0.1
!« ... 1:4S 4.4 6:t9l 2.9 12:10 S.4 7:15—0.3
7 ... 2:41] 4.4| 6:54 3.0 12:45 5.3 8:00—0.1
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Eureka Humboldt s Oct. 21
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 22
Columbia Portland.' Oct. Zl
Fanta Rosa..... San Diego Oct. 2'J
Cleone ?...!Tlllamook lOct. 22
¦Warfleld lOyster Harbor lOct. 22
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 22
Pomona Humboldt.. Oct. 23
Matteawan .... Tacoma Oct. 24
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 24
City of Puebla.. Victoria Oct. 24
North Fork .... Humboldt. Oct. 25
Point Arena ...iPolnt Arena Oct. 25
Arcata ICoos Bay Oct. 25
Corona IR<in Die*" Oct. 2*5
Gaelic IChlna and Japan.. 1 [Oct. 26
Mncklnaw !R«»attle lOct. 28
Iaqua |Xewi>ort (Oct. 2«
State of Cal iPortland lOct. 27
Czarina iReattle lOet. 2S
Bonlta I Newport lOct. 2S
Curacao |Mexlco .'. |Oct. 23
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Bontta Newport Oct. 22. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla .. Victoria Oct. 23. 11 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 23, 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 23. 9 am Pier 13
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 23, I pm Pier 13
Santa RoBa San DieKO Oct. 24, 11 am Plervll
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... jHumboldt (Oct. 23, 2 pm Pier 9
Coos Bay... (Newport (Oct. 26, 9 am Pier 11
City PeklngiChina&.TapanlOet. 28. 1 pm PMSS
Arcata |Coos Bay Oct. 27, 12 mlPier 19
Corona ....[San Diego Oct. 28. 11 amlPier 11
City Pu»bla I Victoria Oct. 2S. 11 amlPler 9
North ForklHumboldt Oct. 28, 9 amlPler 2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For several years Liucaiyptol, Guaiacoi
and Hydrastin have been recognized as
standard remedies for catarrhal troubles,
but they have always been given separate-
ly and only very recently an Ingenious
chemist succeeded in combining them, to-
ge'her with other antiseptics, Into a pleas-
ant, effective tablet.
Druggists sell the remedy under the
name of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets and it
has met with remarkable success in the
cure of nasal catarrh, bronchial and
throat catarrh and in catarrh of the
Mr F.N.Benton,. whose address is care
of Clark House, Troy, N. V., says: When
I run up against anything that is good I
like to tell people of it. I have been
troubled with catarrh more or less for
some time. Last winter more than ever.
Tried several so-called cures, but did not
-get any benefit from them. "About six
.weeks ago I bought a 50-cent box- of
Stuart* Catarrh Tablets and I am glad
to cay that they have done wonders for
me and I do 'not hesitate to let all my
friends know that Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets are the right thing. _
Mr. Geo. J. Casanova of Hotel Griffon,
West Ninth street, : New York City,
writes: I have commenced using Stuarre
Catarrh Tablets and already they have
given me better results than any catarrh
cure I have ever tried.
• a leading physician of Pittsburg advises
the use of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets in
preference to any other treatment for
catarrh of the head, throat orstomach. I
,Ha claims they are far superior to in-
halers, salves, lotions or powder, and are
much more convenient and pleasant to
take and are so harmless that little chil-
dren take them with benefit, as they con-
tain no opiate, cocaine or any poisonous
All druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets at 50 cents for full-sized package, and
they are probably the safest and moat re-
liable euro for any form, of catarrh,
idly Coming to the Front.
A New Catarrh Cure, Which Is Bap •
THE RIGHT THING.
"To find that a lack of knowledge of
how to properiy feed one's self caused
me to serve ten long years as a miser-
able dyspeptic is rather humiliating. I
was a sufferer for that length of time and
had become a shadow of my natural self.
I was taking medicine all the time and
dieting the best I knew how.
"One day I heard of Grape-Nuts
food, in which the starch was predigest-
ed by natural processes and that the
foodrebuiit the brain and nerve centers.
I knew that if my nervous system could
be made strong and perfect I could di-
pest food all right, so I started in on
Grape-Nuts, with very little confidence.
for I had been disheartened for a long
time. '• r; :
"To my surprise and delight I found I
was improving after living on Grape-
Nuts a little while, and in three months
I had gained 12 pounds and was feeling
like a new person. For the past two
years I have not had the slightest symp-
tom of indigestion, and am now perfect-
ly well.
"I made a discovery that will be of im-
portance to many mothers. When ray
infant was two months old I began to
give it softened Grape-Nuts. Baby was
being fed on the bottle and not dointr
well, but after starting on Grape-Nuts
food and the water poured over^ it the
child began to improve rapidly, is now
a year old and very fat and healthy, and
has never been sick. Is unusually
bright — has been saying words ever
<;ince it was six months old. I know
from experience that there is something
in Grape-Nuts that brightens up any
one. infant or adult, both physically and
mentally." - ~ --. .
DON'T KNOW HOW
To Select Food to Rebuild On.
GBAFE-NUTS.
The Japanese language Is s?l<3 to con-
tain CO.OOO words. It is quite impossible
for one man to learn the entire lajigua- j;
and a well educated Japanese Is familiar
with only about 10,000 words.
$3 50 ladies' shoes to-morrow for $1 65:
Assignee shoe sale Boston Shoe Co., 775
Market street. . • . • *
•»<•¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ *"• ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ; ¦-'- ¦?'• i- • ¦ ¦ ' •'.-¦¦"¦•'/'¦•"' * 3^2
Many women can trace their ruined complexions to the use of injurious cosmetics which, at their best, simply , 2
2£ COVER UP defects. They try one preparation after another, hoping to find one that will bring back what has been lost, •(^ SS
£ but it will never return. There is but one way and that is to SECURE A NEW SKIN. AH physicians and dermatologists *5|
S=: 'agree on one point, that, when the outer cuticle is stained with freckles, tan and other discolorations, or. has a muddy, X
'¦£¦ ¦ roughened appearance, there is but one way to eradicate the defects and that is by using a preparation which will surely, J2
Sr • but not too hurriedly, take off the outer skin and with it the blemishes. No truer words were ever said than that '"
£ COAXES A NEW SKIN. It is the result of years of studyand experimenting, and today stands alone as a time-tried 3
CS remedy^ which cures. \ It passed the "experimental stage ten years ago, and since then has been used by thousands of dis- rj^
•~ criminating women who never fail to recommend it in words of praise and thankfulness.
£T ...\' It does not containa'single ingredient that can possibly harm the most delicate skin, but it must be remembered
'£ that ANITA CREAM is not a .-cold cream, but a medicinal preparation which, if properly used, will accomplish a very
s=: different result from that obtained by^ the use of a simple, bland or cold cream. It draws all impurities to the surface and 52
£' -' removes 'the outer ''skin in small, : scaly^^particles, thus eradicating all blemishes and at the same time promoting a growth of . -£3
Sr of- new. skin as soft and clear as an infant's. -At contains.no vaseline orany ingredient that will stimulate a growth of hair. 3
iIE die f Q I U ni C you cannot obtain Anita Cream of your druggist, send 50c to us for a full sizedjar. . Further particulars and instructions together with a ~J
ST f ntt uJUnr Lt llberal M| nP*« wUI be mailed tonyo * ny address for a2c stamp. ANITA CREAM & TOILET CO., 207 Franklin St., Los Angeles, Cal. ZS
SuUUIUiUUUUUJ|UU^UIM
* -, j- tn ,--« -.. - , - ,¦¦•¦ . - ¦ — •* - — .• .—. — . ._..--..... ...._- — . -rfj'tiii I mil II Illimmwi ¦'> b <i— l»iif> wiMlu'Hi >nu ¦ nmniimi Wlt»iliil«MTr
Ito usOM>come^# rr y li || at A]) Times |
I &6>/?e^wtf&^Chmpms in Quality and Price!
m J&!Bsfflssß£^ fllir PnrOQt A Lucky Purchase of Ours Exceptional Values Abound in
S^^p^JhI Department MA Knitted Underwear
M y •*£"¦ "^fflffl m™ [c RnnmiflCr .r— . »» ladies- and DQnorlmont
fe? / ' anIHHHMBjM R^ .saZ '£r East ana nave a —w . L<r ,-hoose from- our small £ £~Vv*"jp^^ pLii.s.nign ne ?T* «*j
•» yf/ ' /Vi jT line of / proHt price .'..°"y...-|}>c /vM^ L^h 'd f ll
1 V i^m^WßHHy '^-^^^k Y^ a fSSS» xjj 3 macU^f beYt^aUty^ft $lliisEsW& ™hr\i° n k. Swiss® rtS 3
S iSWiUjHaBB^Wf Gx-pV-'4 \ TTiFs is the °t?r4 black Italian twill cloth, <fe<SSStf"t*,i- bed: neck cro- *|
8 ' — JUMmBw ¦'¦/ TT;/ r ) \ . that can give steel rod. double ribbed wl^h Uk c II
M //i/A^M'/O^^mßS^^^m^ € U &'s\// fat U o°r n thin c yy ° U buraMvory'aSf'hora'handlea Fn^ll •$£}Am£- These |oorts were P
M KV//(f/t^^Bt^^^^^Sr O hn*v'< ~ ¦ I ~ varieties of shapes and sizes. . o^*l' bought before tha hj|
M '/+-' MmmSfiffi&fflßF l^^A Knowmg Ones Come THE ONE STORE THAT IS SAT- ?o X nafrl m
m f BflasSmßßKP''- ' ' Here Qnd i end The ' r ISFIED WITH A SMALL PROFIT W^M reap the benefit? &
M rXV^— -^^P^@^HHrii n Friends Send ether Friends. — n• i n i • ~ CVpH— - ooverr e re 3 taTl° price* 0 tti
M -V JffifflnU AOCumtl- LA VIDA CORSETS are made of If 11 f V(l|t I] Qn fl H ITI DOT Xfflr OSc H
m V/gBI i» latinn nf the very flnest fast black French UUI OUII UUUUi llllSil II '~"\jBr -w LA DIE S' H
'«i MmMEtiNBaRBf t \ eateen, double side steels, rustproof . • tV VESTS ma-lo La
m fcflfSWßa&BMHit- Odds and front steels. No better steels made Second Floor. "¦¦'i' 1 £3^'- of Hneat' .team. ftl
?H JraPBHM! _ , J a "° than the steels used in this corset. O'Farrell-Streot J*.^ ¦* shrunk woo hrh M
« Ja3K»MMfWKflii /"/? Boned with grenuine whalebone, not Entrance £££& neck lone sleeves S»l*s rlbhM CS
1 J^raß .. imitation, but th- genuine article. 25 tailor suits, made neck flnishrt "roeffi
M PWM&Smmff Mimlm and trimmed with fine French lace. of extra quality wool ¦ j£nsfl «llk drawn thTouffh with silk taDe- El
M BM&SVK^Smr MIIQI 111 Thls corset we can P lace against any serge, lined throughout, soft' finished the "find that will not H
I Mjm&l&Sßr "lUOllll- made-to-order corset for fit, finish jacket lined with T best irVitate or scratch i the mo.t id? ||
a MHwrwMWBBIPBHf II • . and wear. cjuality farmer satin, /iT?>V J>-K okin PanM to match- French hand- ill
1 M&BB&mm BlnriQrillQQr WE ARE THE AGENTS. Beware ?he smart natty Eton ]'H//V S\ ankle leSSih/ astt confplcuou.MS?: 3
4 flnnrlPlßnrtnr UIIUCIVYudI of imitations. Our price, So.oO. effect, velvet collar, /SAT/ |\ dp rain S"^o f5
1 mmm ™ 8 ™- $8^ s mpson>S and W - b - cor - S^SkW^ of Rosenberg's |
1 mfflSm^ r I o ?^^r' £S s'W^lr EH price lt>s low - g7 -° 5 /a / 0/ Sellm 9 I
H R ' ell ma d e ' ssßs^ if shapes. You don't often get the C np P nm f n nf ThptP h Nnthinn Unninril a
M JsSS3aS9m9 felled seams SxLi- f chance to buy as cheap as this. SI. ror UOmTOri I Here IS lIOZRing li IJ S I R IV. E3
M $BHSSBm3& ""¦ 17t " J. I* CORSETS FITTED FREE. Alter- /o Equal O lIUUIUIJI ||
H HallHaH „ Ji-l 1 ? 1 ?^ U/%i£d atlons made by expert alteration 7 20 doz»n pairs LADIES" HOSE, X
ii^^S^F drawers vf hands * • < 4(?tv v SfimnnQ made of the finest wocl yarn> M
|HH»ilF^C ra "'il^» Never Before at This Pncef #f ki- tßf^lt V^! I
ißKflß^ag «ni = h»«i d i a . n 2\ J<)*^ PI I 11 Ol • 1 \t-£ MON-A DRFSS could not sell them under 45c. Our If
mß&^*™**»*\m Fannfifittfi Skirts, y^k i^ a sac§uS 2r , c a
fjSußtiffim 17c r^ 1 I lullllUlUllU UmllOl m of rtne ANOTHER! If
BSfflfip LADIES'' MUSLIN GOWN Made of rtne striped -flannelette, fin- /^£"^\l&3 Pe ?r, th lan J? c i" 1« jj n ,™ P \q T n T If-T- -in OT tf
B§Ra^&2agl hemstitched and tucked V- lshed wlth dee P hemmed flounce, fit- i§&s£>S ,'^S i- "rtinr Idn^ m^, nf td «!,,? «ln II
XuSZXSEShC ihsnaH --V. «itCl.. S , '. . tori vnlin r>f flnt. famhi-if rfl inr« n inir i?^ i ?V ->sil I'erslan and Ores- matle oi tne finest steam-snrvinK c'
BBjHa^R "1"' ¦ Sl2es -»<>C ""iZZ;'. 1 ,; 1 ;;;' V""# 't PVWtS <l4v\ colors.well sewe.l competitors a.«k 50c for not their H
HragKa' ANOTHER LOT-Same qual- ANOTHER GRADE, made of best f^V^iij tjf^ and neatly fln- equal. Our usual way of selling Sd
H X» lty as above, embroidery trim- daisy cloth flannelette, solid colors *-^ x^ J At--^*f Ished. Be one of soods •. r>Oo M*
jHOB mcd and tucked yoke ,";j»«» of pink, blue and cream, with f '/\ V\ -^> the luckvonesand Hi
¦flßfiffi " hemmed flounce, flnishfd with 3-lnch \ ' J \ f--*"7P procure aKlmona Rfl 1 " 1 L *£
wM&Sf Bale O'Farrell-st. Entrace. torchon lace. Special while they last, * ' v-^T. at t jjje given- lUi QPI/I DTnOnQO H
WS }£SL™. r« \l! ff WAKK <»> cts away price. .95c- If I (luM II iUOIJUO I g
V@Sf ECONOMIES IN CILN VVHIOIOi _.. n „ , _, . Jg
y&? t snip?' c=tt t- tt'atqt /. * "?" //7e Correct Garment for This H
Vir LADIES SILK WAIST, made of -^r- .^^ «¦¦¦ .^i^ _rn_j t— n -im — . ... .._ . — _ , , ? ? ,
r excellent quality, soft finished taf- ¥#» Bii il ¦¦ Ci T?l l^T Ta M O /fi Season of tne rear — made of la
£ e S£ !i Sro f £^^^^ ! JIJ X n UN K NHHi X I too(/t oo(/ cAe^ e</ ««^'«a »«- I
aSlSi^Sl^irt: ll^^!?.. c r u e^ °W-",^ ?y K^ JLJXI iIJUIIU 5 Urial. plaid back, double-breati- |
navy and black; all sizes. The econ- QI CZ |\/| ra »-!/' r-k |« Cri-rtrth *»# detachable COD 9, velvet COI- ffl
Wimkm^^ »16 Market. Street, ,«•»„„, »..»*«.»./ I
tnd complete line of high-class .nov- -f Moll Orders Solicited. RUNNING THROUGH TO O'FARRELL. -f them again at this price ©2.50 M
. eltles in wool waists. .... jj^
ADVERTISEMENTS.PARIS. Oct. 20.— The King of Greece made an
unannounced visit to the United States pavilion
at the exposition to-day and thoroughly exam
ined the display.
Joseph T. O'Connor. Democratic candi
date for Justice of the Peace, is a man
of exceptional ability and thoroughly
competent to discharge the duties of the
office for which he is a candidate. •
BCTTE, Mont.. Oct. 20.— On a sidetrack
Jn a wind-swept corner of the Northern
Pacific Railway yards in South Butte
6Tj\nds the private car Cleopatra, in which
Ere housed thirty San Francisco tots'rang
ing in years from 3 to 13, who comprise
the S. H. Friedlander "Brownie" troupe.
FRIEDLANDER'S "BROWNIES"
QUARANTINED AT BUTTE
which left San Francisco on September 1
for a Northwestern and Eastern tour, to
end at New York.
The sides of the car are plastered with
quarantine labels and a big- policeman
stands guard at the door. Five of the
youthful thespianf? are lying ill with scar
let fever, and the entire troupe is under
surveillance by the Butte health depart
ment.
Manager Friedlander has been in* a peck
of trouble ever since he entered the bor
ders of the copper State. His dates at the
Grand Opera-house here conflicted with
those of another company and he was
obliged to lease the house and employ de
vious legal methods in order to give his
performance. When the engagement end
ed on the 12th inst. Friedlander stayed in
town, and now the cause is manifest. At
noon yesterday the Northern Pacific phy
sician reported to the city health officer
of Butte that the "Brownies" had scarlet
fever. An investigation caused that offi
cial to quarantine the car. Friedlander
tried to escape and get uptown last even
ing, but the officer collared him and re
turned him to the car, where he is now
in close quarantine with his Juvenile 6tars.
"The whole trouble is due to the unsani
tary condition of our private car," said
Manager Friedlander. "When the car was
turned over to us the drainage tubes
would not flush and the odor was such
that the constant use of disinfectants was
necessary. Complaint was made to the
railway officials, but to no purpose, and
we were obliged to borrow water and
carry It in cans to the car at every sta
tion. At Walla Walla Arthur Parout was
first taken ill with typhoid pneumonia,
which the physicians state was due to the
car being tilled with microbes. Still noth
ing waa done by the company, and when
we reached Butte the car was scarcely fit
for occupation, despite our efforts to
cleanse it. During our engagement here
Gladys Sorenson, aged 7; Louise Conkey,
aged 8; Alice Condon, aged 12; Rose Con
don, aged 13; Florence Emery, aged 7:
Arthur Parout, aged 9; Eva Lerner, aged
5, and Sibyl Sorenson, aged 3. developed
scarlet fever, and or. the matter being re
ported to the city authorities by the rail
way officials we were tied up on this side
track, and here we are likely to stay for
two v.-eeks. Our dates have been canceled
and our futre movements are uncertain.
Three of the children— Florence Emery
and the Condon girls— are convalescent
and the others are doing well. The moth
ers of the little ones are with them and
trained nurses are on board the car. • Lit
tle Gladys Weller, the cornetist, has de
veloped a case of the mumps, and one of
our colored porters has come down with
intermittent fever. If none of the other
children are infected we shall deem our
selves lucky. I think we have an excel
lent case against the Pullman Company
fop damages, as our contract calls for a
first class private car. and the one fur
nished is scarcely fit for habitation. We
will continue our tour as soon as we are
released from quarantine if the health of
the children permits."
In addition to those on the sick list the
children with the troupe are Maude Soren
fon. Clarence Elmer, Abe Greenburg. Mil
dred Fitzgerald. B. H. Lerncr. W. Hath
away. Carl Johnson. Tom F. Duane. Roy
Trimble. Harry Orr. Frank Sheehan.
Clyde Greenwood. Martin* Egan, Howard
Rathborn. Victor Sampson. Arthur
Schulze, Luke Burk, Stuart Leary, Alfred
Aehtenhagen. Willie Hurlock. Frank Mc-
Dermott, Mildred Fitzgerald. Lllhaa
Rhodes and Queenle Tilton. •
DR. ROBERT R. HAMMOND OF STOCKTON AND MISS RUBY NEWMAN
. QF LOUISVILLE. KY.. WHOSE MARRIAGE IS 1 TO OCCUR AT THE
BRIDE'S -HOME.-.' * \ ' "
Special Dispatch to The CalL
¦ s»— .. ¦¦ ¦¦
STOCKTON, Oct. 20.— The engagement of Dr. Robert R. Hammond of this
city and Miss Ruby Newman of Louisville, Ky., is announced. Dr, Ham
mond Is a native Stocktonlan and a rising man in' his profession. His
bride-to-be Is one of Kentucky's many fair daughters. She met the doc
tor during a visit with friends in this city. The wedding will take place
in Louisville, to which place the doctor will Journey the latter part of next
month.
which, if sustained, will postpone the
sentence of Youtsey until the next term
of court in February. It is likely a Jury
will be empaneled as soon as practicable
to inquire into Youtsey' s sanity.
' Trunk* * traveling bass. Before buylns; aea
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. 128 Ellis.*
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 20.— One of the
largest political meetings that has been
witnessed here in years took place last
night. A magnificently illuminated street
parade was given and the town turned out
en masse to greet Governor Gage. The
Opera-house, where the Governor spoke,
was crowded, and his remarks were re
ceived with cheers and applause.
Gage at Santa Barbara.
YOUTSEY FOUND
GUILTY ON THE
FIRST BALLOT
Jury Declares He Was Im
plicated in Goebel's ;
Assassination.
"We, the Jury, nnd the defendant guilty
and fix his punishment at confinement In
the penitentiary for life."
"Gentlemen. Is that your verdict?"
asked the Judge.
"It Is." was the reply.
The Jury was discharged.
It was learned from one of the Jurymen
that no. ballot was taken last night. This
morning the vote was unanimous that
Youtsey was guilty. Then the degree of
punishment was fixed.
Attorneys for the defense are preparing
a motion for an arrest of Judgment,
When the Jury was called this morning
Judge Cantrlll asked: '•Gentlemen, have
you made a verdict?"
The foreman. R. H. McCabe, nodded his
head.
.'."Pass up the papers to the clerk," said
the Judge.
The Sheriff passed them up and tha
clerk read the following:
GEORGETOWN, Ky.. Oct 2O.-The Jury
in the case of Henry Youtaey, on trial on
the charge of being: a principal In the
Goebel assassination, returned a verdict
of guilty this morning and' fixed the pen
alty at life Imprisonment. 1
DECLARES HIS
VOTE WILL GO
TO MCKINLEY
Archbishop Ireland Ends All
Doubt as to His Atti-
publican Ticket He Will Serve
the Best . Interests of
the Country.
Satisfied That By Supporting the Re-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Archbishop Ire
land to-day gave, out the following per
sonal statement as to his attitude in the
present campaign:
How do I Intend to vote? It cannot at first
Bifiht but seem more or less impertinent for
nny citizen to tell the public how he intends
to vote. In voting each citizen obeys the dic
tates of his own sense of civic duty; he, should
simply do this, and leave to others to do like
wise.
However, since a certain number of news
papers have undertaken to say how I intend
to vote, and in so doing have misinterpreted
my Intention and have not been unwilling to
n:&ke political capital of my supposed vote, I
will plve to the question how 1 Intend to vote
a categorical and unmistakable reply. I in
tend to vote for William McKinley.
I Intend to vote for William McKlnley and
Theodore Roosevelt. In giving my vote for the
candidates of the Republican party I am sat
ifcfled In my own conscience that I serve the
Lr>st interests of the country at home and
ntroad: that I contribute to the maintenance
of the country's mat-rial prosperity and of
pr nee and good will between the several classes
of its population; that I aid the country In
bringing about the safest and most honorable
solutions of the complex problems which con
fiont it as the result of the late war and in
retaining for Itself the exalted position which
It holds at present commercially and diplo
matically before other nations of the world.
I trust no further doubts will be expressed as
to how 1 intend to vote.
»
HANNA LEAVES NEBRASKA.
Narrowly Escapes Serious Injury
Through Collapse of a Stand.
OMAHA, Nebr., Oct. 20.— Senator Hanna
concluded his six days' tour- of speaking
at Omaha to-night, winding up his itin
erary by making four speeches, thrc-e in
South Omaha, where are located the big
packing interests of the city and where
his audiences were for the most part
composed of laboring men. and one In
Omaha. Late to-night the special train
left over the : Burlington - road for Chi
cago and will arrive there to-morrow
morning. Senator Hanna- will devote but
little time to .the business of the national
headquarters next week, however, as he
is booked for speeches nearly every day
next" week, mostly in Illinois towns. The
week's itinerary has included over 2300
miles of travel in the' three States, Sena
tor Hanna in that time making nearly a
hundred ' speeches of from two to forty
minutes' duration. With the exception of
some hoarseness he has withstood the ar
duous week's campaigning exceedingly
well.
Senator Hanna- narrowly escaped seri
ous injury to-day at Auburn, where a
stand had been erected on the. race track
of the fair grounds. The overcrowding 1
of the frail structure 'and the" crush., of
people around it caused, the stand to col
lapse with a crash that almost created a
panic in the grounds. Although thrown
on his back by the fall of six feet, Sena
tor Hanna was entirely unhurt. A boy
clinging to the structure had his leg
broken by being "caught under the tim
bers, i : . ,• ........' « ....
Besides the four speeches" at Omaha to
night Senator Hanna made addresses at
nine towns in the territory covered dur
ing the day, which included the extreme
southeastern portion of the State.
WILL NOW SUPPORT BRYAN.
the Democratic Nominee.
Judson Harmon Declares in Favor of
CINCINNATI, Oct. 20.— Judson Harmon,
who supported Palmer and Buckner four
years ago, declared himself "to-day for
Bryan. Judge Harmon was on the bench
here for many years and succeeded Sec
retary Olney as Attorney General In the
Cabinet of Grover Cleveland.
STOCKTON PHYSICIAN TO
WED A BLUE GRASS BELLE
r\gagerr\er\4 or Ur. Koberb K. Hammorvd to
Miss R\ib\i NeWmarx "of LoviisVille.
THE "SAy-;.. FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
Ladles' tailor-made sulta, silk •klrt*. fur'
capw; liberal credit. M. HoUuscUlld, CM SuttKV *
GREW DESPONDENT AND .
SOUGHT TO END ; HIS llPE
Ladislaus Eayda of Stockton Cuts
His Throat Because His
Brother Is Sick. *
STOCKTON, Oct. 20.— Ladlslaus Hayda
attempted . to commit suicide , this , evening
and fatally wounded himself with a razor.
He was despondent owing to the fact that
his brother is In a dying, condition. .
Hayda • went Into • the bathroom, and,'
alter ¦ finishing - shaving, : drew *• the blade
across his throat, inflicting a: wound
which the physicians say will prove fatal.
He stated that his brother's condition had
prompted tne deed. He has also. had do
mestic infelicities. 'The Injured. man .was
removed to St. Joseph's Home.', He de
clared ho wanted to die with his brother.
VICTOBY FOB STANFOBD.
Normal School.
Defeats the Team From the San Jose
STANFORD UXIVERSITT, Oct. 20.—
The San Jose State Normal football team
was defeated by the Stanford ' .Varsity
this afternoon by a score of 24 to 0. The
college team made a remarkably, pdor
showing In the first half, being unable
to score a. single point. Though their goal
was never in danger they often lost. the
ball on downs. • Once Heston, the big half
on the Normal team, broke through Trae
per and was only prevented from scoring
by the neat tackling of Raltt, who •¦ was
playing back for Stanford. Reed and
Martin, ends on the Normal team, out
played their opponents. . The half ended
with the ball in the middle of the field.
At the beginning of the second half Al
len and Luck replaced McFadden" and
Cooper at ends, while Smith and Gelssler
v/ore put In at halves. The varsity took
the ball from the kick-off and within six
minutes Slaker was sent over for the first
touchdown. Three more touchdowns were
made, one of them by Slaker and one by
Smith, who broke through the Normal's
line on their 35-yard line. Smith made the
last score with only, forty seconds left to
play. •
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richards A Co., 4M Clay.*
BERLIN, Oct. 20.— An en
gineer named Mark has suc
cessfully tried a flying ma
chine here. ' It ascended six
teen feet, described semicir
cles in midair and after four
and a half minutes descended.
The wings used measure seven
square yards.
The Australia for Tahiti.
This favorite eteamer, under command, of
Captain Lawless, . will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st.- Hitherto these charming' Islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing; vessels,
requiring 30 to 40 days, - but the time of new
steamship service will be 1<H4 days. Ask for
particulars of the low excursion rate at 643
Market street. . . •
GERMAN INVENTOR'S
FLYING MACHINE
PROVES A SUCCESS
CAT ABRH ' CAN ' BE CUBED.
Catarrh la a kindred ailment of consumption,
lone considered Incurable; and yet there -la one
remedy that will positively cure catarrh In* any
of Its stages. For many years this remedy was
used by the late Dr. 8tevens,-a widely. not*j au
thorlty on all diseases of the, throat and lungs.
Having: tested Its wonderful curative powers In
thousands of cases,* and desiring- to relieve hu
man suffering, I will, send free of charge to all
sufferers ; from ' Catarrh, Asthma,';. Consumption
and nervous diseases, I this I recipe, In ) German.
'French or English, with full directions for pre-
I paring and using. - Sent by. mall by addressing-,
.. with stamp, naming ' tbls ' paper, :w. ' A. - Noyce, :
\ 835 Powtn' • Block, Ropbeater,'' N/T.> ; : . =
TILI^SIAIT AND HOGG • ACCUSED.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. \ 20.— It
to-day through a letter written by Chalr-
man Herniy of the Republican State Cen
tral . Committee to the chairmen of coun
ties that the certificates of nomination of
some Republican candidates had beon
stolen and that the chairman suspects ex-
Governor Hogg of Texas and Senator T1U
man, now In this State, with complicity
in the thefts. The letter to the chairmen
in part is as follows:
Democrats have stolen- our election certlfl
ciites In some counties. : Ex-Governor Hock of
Tt.xas. some Goebel ¦ Democrats of Kentucky
and '"Pitchfork" ' Tlllman of South Carolina
have been doing; mischief, in Indiana -and. are
introducing Kentucky . Democratic methods in
our State. They ¦ are 1 - dangerous. Beware * of
tho trail of these destroyers of liberty. Every
Republican must be on a-uard. Bryan is ; act
ing and talking like a crazy man hlmaelf. He
:U desperate. - , "- -.% r---'^-' . ,¦ .
: ."When asked for the reasons for sending
out such a letter,! Herniy, said the certifi
cates of nomination of Republican candi
dates had been stolen in DeKalb County
and that he had Information- that ex-Gov
ernor Hogg was implicated in the affair.
Republican managers * announced that a
close watch is , being kept . upon ¦ Tlllman
and Hogg. .;.. v .. .
All your money refunded by any dealer If not
satisfied with a smoke of the '.'American"
clear Havana clsrar. ,. ; . •
ELECTRICIAN AT SALINAS
"SEKIOTJSLY UTJUHED
: SALINAS, Oct. 20-t-C. R. Norton, chief
electrician ; at the Spreckels Sugar Com
pany's factory near this city, was found
in an unconscious condition this after
noon neaT one of the large electric motors,
with a gaping hole in his head.
When Norton was discovered by two
v/orkmen he was senseless and up to a
late hour to-night has not regained con
sciousness. His recovery I is reported as
impossible.
It is supposed that Norton was acci
dentally injured, but rumors are current
that since the death of his wife he has
been morose and that he attempted to end
his life.
The supposition is that while Norton
was on a tour of Inspection through his
department the reverse lever of a large
motor flew back and struck him on the
head, fracturing his skull.
Norton's wife died; in the East recently
and the news: of her demise was a great
shock to him. He has been In the employ
of the Spreckels Company a long time.
- T. . I. Fitzpatrick, a young lawyer well
and favorably known to the bench ancr
bar of San Francisco^ was selected by
the Democratic convention as one of its
candidates for Justice of the Peace. He
Is at present an assistant in the District
Attorney's office. His experience has not
been limited to the lower courts, and he
has already attracted* attention as an
advocate, with every promise of becom
ing an able jurist and practitioner.
Mr. Fitzpatrick was born In San Fran
cisco, and Is prominent In Native Sons
circles, being a- member of Stanford Par
lor. It is a fact that as Justice of the
Peace he would give satisfaction to the
bar as well - as to all litigants seeking
equal and impartial Justice. . •
WIUCESBARRE, Pa., Oct. 2O.-The
close of the fifth week of the mine work
ers' strike In the "Wyoming region find*
both eldes as determined as ever. The
operators Insist -that, the price of powder
shall be considered in the 10 per cent ad
vance offered by •'¦them, while . the strik
ers say they will- not go back to work
until* tho demands of the Scran ton con
vention are conceded, which they assert
mean a' flat 10 per. cent advance, the price
of powder to be arbitrated later.
In the meantime the larders of the
miners are becoming empty, and it can
not be very long, if the strike is prolonged,
until there is much suffering. -.
This evening, while a number- of 'non
union men employed at the Stanton wash
ery of the Lenlgh and Wllkesbarre Coal
Company were returning home from work
th«»y were stoned, by some women. The
workmen were under the protection of
coal and iron policemen. The police made
a charge on the women and the latter
fled, .
Gang of Non-Union Men
Stoned While Returning
From Work.
LITTLE CHANGE
IN POSITION OF
STRIKING MINERS
22
SALE.
NewlM aniWMle Sis.
White and Black Satin Striped Taffeta.
21 Inches Wide SI.OO Yard
' Black and White Woven Striped Taffeta, Gros
Grain.
24 Inches Wide $1.00 Yard
Black and White Solid and Open Checked Taffeta.
22 Inches Wide SI.OO
Black and White Satin Striped Taffeta, Gros Grain.
vfyf 24 Inches Wide SI. 15
Black and White Pllsse Satin Striped Taffeta.
• 21 Inches Wide $1.25
The ahOYe Silks are on eihlhltlon In onr Show
Windows this week, and our customers in the interior
are askel to write for samples or them at once while
the assortment is complete. •
EXTRA 5PEGIAL:
1500 nards NOVELTY SILKS, Including STRIPES.
PLAIDS anl BROCADES, In lengtns ranging from SI
nards : to 9 yards each—former prices $1.00, $1.25,
$l;50 and $2.00 per uard.
All 50c Yard
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
How to Preserve Purify and Beautify
the Skin and Complexion.
To preserve, purify, and beautify the skin, and prevent pimples, blotches,
blackheads, redness, roughness, yellow, oily, mothy 6kin, chapping, and
many other forms of skin blemishes, no other skin or complexion soap is
for a moment to be compared with Cuticura Soap, because no other soap
reaches the cause, viz. ," the clogged^ irritated, or infiamca condition of the Pores
How to Prevent Falling Hair Scalp
Humors and Dandruff.
Cleanse the scalp and hair thoroughly with a warm shampoo of Cuti-
CURA Soap, rinse with warm water, dry caref ully, and apply a light dressing
of Ccticuea, purest of emollients, gently rubbed into the Bcalp. This
simple, refreshing, and inexpensive treatment will clear the scalp and hair
of crusts, scales, and dandruff, soothe irritated, itching surfaces, stimulate the
hair follicles, supply the roots with energy and nourishment, and make the
hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, and healthy scalp, when all else fails.
How to Make the Hands Soft and
White in a Single Night.
Bathe and soak the hands on retiring in a strong, hot lather of Cuticura
Soap. Dry thoroughly and anoint .freely with Ccticcra Ointment, the
preat ekin cure and purest of emollient?. Weaf during the night old, loose
kid gloves with the finger ends cut off. For re*d, rough, chapped hand?,
dry, fissured, itching, feverish palms, shapeless nails, with painful finger
ends, this one night treatment is simply wonderful and a blessing to all
afflicted with sore, chapped, rough, or tender hands.
Cuticisra Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor,
. -'*¦* Consisting of Cuticuka Soap (25c.). to cleanse the ekln of crusts and
Tu ft Cat C OR •calci aad *of ten tbe thickened cuticle, Ctjticcra Ointment (50c),
I nw wOt wl»*»' to lnitiotiy allay Itching, Inflammation, and lrrlution, and eootbo and
W., and Ccncrzu Uxsoltskt (50cO, to cool and cleanse the blood. A Single Set Is often
scScient to cure themott torturing. dUflyuring. and humiliating *kin. scalp, and blood humors,
m-iih lot>« of fc»ir, wbea all else falls. 'Bold tbroagbout tbe world. Potter Drug and Curst.
Cosr., £ole Props., Boston, Mate. " All stout tbe Skin, Scalp, and lia'.r," free.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Big Sale.
Porcelain Ware.
Flower Decorations. Gilt Handles.
Cream Pitcher x6 eta
Berry Saucers _» xxcts
Cups nnd Oauccrs i2Hcts
nowl8 ; X6 CtB
Plates..... .... 7 cts
?i Piece. DlnnerSet..... $4.70
1OO Piece Dinner Set. ...910:48
Gold Tracings v
Meat Dlsfi .....z8 eta
Salad Dish.. ..._ «8 cts
Sugar Howl ~. ..48 eta .
Milk Pitcher ......24 eta
fiance Boat.. ..........36 eta
Pickle Di«n ...^.. ...20 eta
Plate.....:.. ...^ ....8 cts
Cnpiand Saucers. .... iBctB
44 Piece Dinner Set S 5.80
loo Piece Dinner Set. ..Six. 75
N. B.— Our "Booklet No. 1" tells all
about Dr. Plerce f s Electric TRUSS. It
CURES Rapture!
DR. PIERCE'S ELECTRIC BELT
We are Cutting: ¦ Prlcca
all . to Pieces During: Our
Big: Clearance Sale. ,
Dfi. HALL'S REIN'VIGOKATOBWEnFH
Five hundred reward for. any kjl^TftH
cafe we cannot cure. Thii secret ¦¦ Hal
remedy etops ail losses In 24 hours, I ¦
cares Emissions. Impotency, Vart- BBJ KM
• rvrele. Gonorrho»a. Gleet. Fit?, f^^ PTTfi
t-trlctures. Uc.fi Manhood and all UlLl UUjJ
¦n&Etinsr effects ot self-abus« or I 8L%
excesses. Sent oeaW. 12 bottle; S | pu ll^"l
bctties, $S; ruaranteed to cure any caee. Ad>
drees HALL'B MEDICAL INSTITUTE, til
Brcsdway. Oakland. Cal. Also tor sal* at 10T3H
Market st.. 8. F. All • privatft Clsensea quickly
-y< -KMid tor Xrce fcoclu < ¦ ¦ ;
Great American ImportiiigTea Go.
no Gr&fct are., .bet. Butter, and Post ata.
Ml Markat at., opp. Powell. » ¦ • •
12 Market St.. Junction California,
PUR BRANCH ETCHES EVERXWHERa.
Beaded Bags
in. e Latest Fad
We have just received from Paris the latest novelties
in beaded chatelaines and purses in cut steel and jet;
they are hand crocheted and mounted with the latest style
clasps, comprising some of the choicest goods ever shown
on this coast and certainly must be seen to be appreciated.
Bag Materials
Ladies desiring to make their own chatelaine bags or
purses will find here a complete assortment of purse and
crochet silks in black and all. colors, also cut jet, steel,
gold and silver beads, bag tops in sterling silver, oxidized
silver, French gray, gilt and cut steel.. """ .
-Ladies making their own beaded chatelaines can have
them lined with suede leather or satin .and -mounted
here for $1.50.
Cushion Tops
Tinted sofa cushion tops in about fifty different designs
that can be either etched or embroidered ; they include
poster, college, floral, Oriental, smokers' and conven-
tional designs ; your choice for
£Oc each -
(f< Tab 1 e Cove r s
Reversible tapestry table covers in seve'ral different
• designs, two yards square with -knotted fringe all around,
extra heavy weight, worth $4.00, sale price
wp2.5Q each*
O^rien tal Rugs
Beautifully designed Persian patterns in either bound
or fringed .ends, rugs of the Brussels weave, size 27 x C4
inches, price -
129 Kearny Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This ts th* Belt "*^1 r"~^ that eurer.
W 1TUOUT <*%Tfc^^ DRUGS!
Powerful elec- ' yr 7 \^^ trie current!
All modern Im- ' J V' provementa!
Weakness snd Xrtdiu Diseases of both
eexes speedily cured wben other remedies
fail to «o the worlf Lune back "knocked
out" in S day*. Prices reasonable. BUT
XO BELT .TILL YOU SEE "DIl.
PIERCERS." Call, or »end a S-cent rtamp
for 'BOOKLET NO. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC COMPANY, Eleven forty-Hve
BROADWAY (near 26th eD.NEW YORK.
Pacittc Coast headquarters. Six twenty
Market Bt.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Our 11
II leaders jj
| in fur capes, j
| BALTIC SEAL CAPES (
a (like picture), with an astra- 1
' kan j-oke — this cape is fin- [
) ished with two heads and
j four tails. It is beautifully
j lined with heavy black satin
and is by far the greatest [
value ever offered to the re- \ )
tailstrade of San Francisco. I /
14-inch 91O.5O } \
i6-inch 911.50 j
J . i8-inch 91-.50 i
I i ELECTRIC SEAL!
R I CAPES, with a Persian '<
\ ! Lamb yoke — these capes are ' f
J made of WHOLE SKINS l j
,! J (small dealers offer inferior {
1 capes of pieced and remnant : \
• skins at higher prices even J |
i than ours). They are finished j j
¦ , with two seal heads and four ' ]
'., handsome tails. '
They are elegantly lined
¦J i with satin, either plain or j |
¦} brocaded. i I
14-inch $22.50
| , i6-inch 925.00
; . l8-inch $27.50
j 20-inch .....930.00
j , Fox scarfs are all the raze.
! Blue fox scarf S..9S.OO .
! j Sable iox scarf s.^ 9 - 1 * 0
j HXiebes
! s* Company ¦
' I INCOREOHATED *_T r *,
! J33'«?7 Post/tsr
I 1 '•"*
&*?> VERY LATEST
rv^TJ Straight Front,
\^*a \ Hand-Made
l( SAPPHIRE
/m CORSETS
(W $3.00 1» $15,00
\\JNyX\ PER PAIR,
/^W^IO Gearu St, T
b^4\ " CHESTER F.WRIGHT,
* Bet-FHtlnr Parlor*.
>
Oak Cobbler Seat
Rockers this Of) ftft
week O/iUU
P. q rnoto Got in a car *
Udl|JBl0i load Monday.
i: Greatest car-
pet stock in the city.
Large assortment of
Smyrna Rugs, 9x12. •
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc..
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
rtoce South 14. Abovt 6th, Saa Fnsdsco.
DR.MCMLTJ.
UPHIS WELL-KNOWN 1 A2TD RELIABLE OLD
-I 8 pedal htewrj Blood Poison, Oonorrna».aie«»t,
Stricture, 8eniln»l Weakness. Impotence and tteir
allied Disorders. Hoot on Diseases of Men. Uto.
OT«r30Tears>xper t eiice.Tprmi reasonable Hour*.
flto3djUty ;6:3>to3.30oT'ir4. Sandar*,10to C O>n»ul-
UUootreeandsacredly confidential. Call ox address
P. ROSCOK MOTULTY, 31. D.
2«K Kearny St.. Man Francisco, Cat
MARKET ST. SF >aSt^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; civet health anl
¦trencth to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
WIHTERyRESORTS.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Th» Carlsbad ot America, ts now open for tiu
Winter Mason. AddlCM C. T. ftOiUE. P*r»Uo
e stum*, c*j« BiflBaBI -~
ADVUKTISEMENTS.IVAN TREADWELL. the prospective
"heir to some hundred thousands of
the Treadwell millions, and the lady
of his choice, Miss Genevieve Nolan,
will have to wait two years before they
join hands and hearts — that is if they
want ' the maternal blessing"of Mrs. Nolan,
and they both say they do.
As announced in yesterday morning's
men, and Not Jill men, Says Maternal Edict,
May Mn Treaclwell and Miss Genevieve i
§11! Nolan Be Each Other's Own.
¦ ¦ ¦ , >¦...<¦*¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - •
MUST WAIT TWO YEARS,
DECREES FIRM PARENT
My life insurance policies are in a tin box
which Dick can easily find, and Miss Burn3
can find the package which contains them.
Telegraph Mrs. Ewlng, and please remain
here until she can arrive. My purse contains
all the money 1 have.
I ask Mr. Thompson, acting manager of the
¦\\elsbach Company, to defray all expenses of
my burial. My wrongdoing: Is so unlike my
real self that 1 can neither account lor It nor
apologize for It. I did not intend to do a
¦wrong to any one.
To you I desire again to express my thanks
for your unselfish service and 1 only regret that
I am to bring: so much sorrow to my family,
whom : I dearly love, and to you and your fam
ily, who think so well of me. God bless all of
you and I trust that he will deal gently with
roe. Farewell. E. '
And then the old man went to sleep. He
determined to die in the morning. He
arose early yesterday, contrary to his
custom, and before day had dawned left
his home and went to his office In the
building of the Young Men's Christian
Association at Ellis and Mason streets
He; locked the outer door and went into
his inner and private office.
At 7:30 o'clock the ofllce boy, Leo
Barker, arrived at the offlce, opened the
door and prepared for the business of the
day. He went to the door of Ewing's
private offlce. looked In and found the old
man sitting in his chair— dead. The sui
cide had attached one end of a rubber
tube to the chandelier and after winding
part of it around his neck, so that when
unconsciousness overcame him it would
not be disturbed, had placed the other end
Into his mouth.
When the offlce boy raised the alarm
and sought* assistance, the old man was
dead. The physicians who came could do
nothing; the minister could give no other
tribute than tears. George H. Thomas
Post will honor the last wish of- its old
comrade and bury him with Its services
and think perhaps what the old man
wrote a few months ago:
At times we rise above' the tide;
Our vision reaches far and wide.
And not a sail Is spread to view
That does not seem for me or you.
A night may come and Intervene
Between us and th' enchanted scene;
The ships are turned toward the sea
And Hope has changed Despair to be.
He returned to his home Friday night
and wrote a farewell note, pathetic, hope
less and still pleading: even In its despair,
to his niece. He had determined to kill
Manager Thompson very quickly dis
covered gross irregularities in the books
and proofs of dishonesty In the accounts.
He at once demanded the old man's res
ignation. And the old man save it and
then went home to write a note asking
Manager Thompson to bury his dead body
decently. The resignation was sent to thn
head office of the company in Philadel
phia and on Friday Ewlnc received its
acceptance. It meant death to him.
As superintendent of the Welsbach
Company on the Pacific Coast he had
complete control of considerable money.
He took part of this money and falsified
the books in a vain effort to ;hlde his
crime. Ten days ago he saw that the end
had come. Robert J. Thompson, acting
manager of ' the Welsbach Company, ar
rived from Philadelphia and Instructed
the old man to prepare for an examina
tion of his books and accounts. Ewing
saw that detection was inevitable. He had
no money with which to ray back what
he had stolen. It was absolutely impos
sible for him to deceive his superior and
in his old age he could not endure the
dishonor that was to come upon him.
In his condition, weak mentally and
physically, his troubles at home and in
business took exaggerated forms. His
wife and daughter became ill and he was
forced to send them to their former home
in Ohio. His niece, Mrs. Daisy Chapman,
remained with him to care for his house
hold at 434 Ellis street. The unfortunate
man never, possessed much money and a
new competition in business reduced his
income. At the same time his necessities
increased and in his old age, after a
career which had won him respect and
honor, he was forced for the sake of his
family and himself. to become a thief.
regiment and to inspire a renewal of pa
triotic thoughts . in his old comrades.
Shortly after the publication of this vol
ume Ewing. was overcome by a serious ill
ness. He suffered a stroke, of apoplexy
and it was seen that he had symptoms of
softening of the brain.
ELMORE E. EWTXGj MEMBER OF THE GRAND ARMY OF THE RE
PUBLIC. DEACON AND TRUSTEE OF CENTRAL METHODIST EPIS
COPAL CHURCH. KILLED HIMSELF WHEN PROVED A THIEF.
X year a?o E*wlng published a little vol
tnae of pro6e and verse. The book, j which
he called "Bogies and Bells," represented
bis literary efforts, occasionally made to
recall army scenes to tell the story of his
He was sincerely a man of strong reli
gious beliefs. His writings attested it
and his actions proved It. He became a
member of the Central Methodist Epis
copal Church and was eoon chosen a. dea
con and a member of the board of trus
tees. H» taug-ht regularly in the Sunday
school until a few months ago, when dis
ease at raJr.d and body lorced him to re
sign. It was mainly through his urging
and recommendation that the present pas
tor, R«v. I>r. B. D. Hutsinpiller. was iu
ducad to come to San Francisco.
He had already celebrated in verse the
exploits, of bis regiment and when he
came to Ban Francisco he was welcomed
by Grand Army men as an old comrade.
His reputation for uprightness of
character and scrupulous integrity had
preceded him. He was welcomed and
honored in many circles, fraternal, social
and mercantile, and very soon established
himself firmly in the good will of his new
found friends. He became a member of
George H- Thomas Post of the Grand
Army of the Republic and on many oc
casions dignified the proceedings of the
post by poetic reminiscences of the times
at war.
Elmore E. Ewing, the Euicide, was a
man well known and respected by all who
knew him. He was the Pacific Coast
representative and superintendent of the
TVelsbach Company, with his headquar
ters and offlce at 140 Ellis street. When
he came to this city five years ago he
•was not unknown. He had been a man
of wide experience. As a young collegian
he entered the Union army, serving brave
ly In the Ninety-first Ohio Regiment Vol
unteer Ir.fantry. His career on many
battlefields won him promotion and when
peace came he was a captain.
time had come for htm to look
back and find the dividing of the ways
end fce dared not look upon a vision of
dishonor. In his old age he had become a
thief. He had wrecked his name and his
fortune a.nd his only vision was of death.
For more than slxty-on© years he had
preserved h'.s name and then he com
mitted a crime which he paid for with his
llie. And over his dead body yesterday
morning' his dearest friend in San Fran
cisco, the Rev. Dr. S. D. Hutsinpiller, pas
tor cf the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church. Etood weeping in honest sorrow.
"He iras the b«st man," the minister said,
"that I ever knew."
THE man who wrote those lines,
Elmore K. Ewing, ¦was found in
his offlce yesterday morning — dead;
he had taken his own life. The
How oft •»!•• have desired to tr&o»
Th« backward way. and find the plac«
Where fwo dlvereent roada had been.
And there cur way anew begin!
"Tla better to forget th« pact;,
I>lEcotn£ture may not outlast
The tur.e allotted to us yet
Eerore tae eun cf life t» *et.
T?> talk oZ beacons on the tea.
But wreckage has not ceased to b*.
"w> talk of life Uaei belar cast
¦While c"«ath is perched upon the maat.
But soon 'twill be as Is a dream;
"We'll realize that as a stream
Our lives have been, and »o ehall be
'Till mersed into etersity.
; Chief ;of tPollce' Sullivan^ last' nightire
.ceived^word ;that: Frank '.Contreras,* alias
Frank Williams, iwhoiisxwanted sin '.this
city for. grand larceny ,'•. is under arrest at
Ean i Jose. • Contreras « robbed f; a ». woman
named Mrs.' Knotting; of 25 Fulton street
of. a. watch and chain and gold bracelet..
Caught^ in' San: Jose.
Robert Fretich. -^rho kept a saloon at
Harbor : View, fell dtad* yesterday after
noon on" the sidewalk in front of 64 Third,
street.' He had been under the. care of a
physician for '< a 1 long time. Mr. Fretich
resided at 2S6 Stevenson street. .' He was
a native of Germany. 5S years old.'-
Sudden Death of Robert Fretich.
t The police havebeen:unable to discover
the \ Mamie Corrigan. : the
young .'Kirl,-: who 'disappeared, from her
home,v 207 , ; Stelner. ," : street,': last .Thursday
morning.' ! Joseph r ¦ WeJnholz, the '¦'. girl's
lover, has sati3fled the police that he does
not know where ; she . Is v and ', they . are
"watching ., the 1 movements . of .¦ a . man - who
.visited the candy store on .Valencia: street
where . she ; was employed and offered : her
plenty '' of t money ¦ If * she would* go with
him. i The theory of suicide Is scouted by
the friends :of- the girl. ..;: ; ...
Mamie Corrigan Still Missing.
-A driving, contest for. best, average with
five balls was won by Lansing O.Kellogs?.
¦ The - men's foursomes, , with ¦ handicap,
over ¦ eighteen holes, ¦ that were 'to have
taken place on- the Oakland links yester
day,' did not come off , owing to the ab
sence of some of the contestants. A four
some," however, was : played between W.
R: .Johnson -and. Harry. Rawlins on one
side and F. S. Stratton and Horace Raw
lins on the other, the latter couple win
ning seven up. Horace and Harry Raw
lins are ¦> the . professionals . at .the . Adams
Point links. -. . . .
Commissioner A. B. Maguire of the
Board of Public Works paid a. visit to
Property Clerk Esola's office yesterday in
the Hall of Justice, as complaints had
been made that the wooden monstrosity
erected at the request of. the Coroner In
the rear of the hall was shutting: out the
light from the property, clerk's office. The
so-called building. has a private office for
the Coroner and an autopsy room which
looks into Judge Catanlss* courtroom. It is
erected across the alley In the rear of the
hall. Commissioner Maguire was satis
fied that the building should, not be al
lowed to stand and said he would report
the facts to the other Commissioners
Shuts Out the Light.
¦ ' A very." large.' theater, party, will . attend
the performance < at . the ¦ Alhambra - next
Monday '• evening, - wlien 'the blgr • Market-
Street department store JwillTentertain ; Its
numerous ."employes. . The entire first floor
has 'been 7 secured, rand the largest thea
ter party ever, assembled • in a San • Fran
cisco theater -will -enjoy, the many good
things ¦ in —that - laughable comedy
"Brown's, In Town." ' < : .
1 'It/'ia 'estimated* that' more; than 'nine
hundred | people will ; enjoy the hospitality
of tho management of the -Emporium.
Employes.
Nearly a Thousand the Emporium
WILL BE THERE: WHEN
"BROWN COMES TO TOWN"
. There was a handicap tournament over
eighteen holes, medal play, for the golfers
In class B at the Presidio links yesterday.
Of the ten golfers to whom handicaps had
been allotted seven, handed In cards, the
lowest score being that of J. S. Severance.
who,"took first place with a gross of 103
less 4—99. j Warren Gregory, who ' won the
tournament on the previous Saturday with
a score of 193 and handed in quite a high
score. The -full, details are given in the
table: ' V*;- 1 '--:
Margin.
petitors by" a Good
PRESIDIO GOLFERS
PLAY , IN TOURNAMENT
Severance Beats Half a Dozen Com-
MAKES EARLY MORNING
CALL ARMED WITH AX
Mrs. Shafter Calls on the Police
and J. M. Wilson Is Sent to
> an Asylum.
Early yesterday morning: Mrs. E. Shaf
ter of 2W/J Sanchez street was aroused
from, her slumbers by a fearful racket. 1
John M. Wilson, a crazy man, was knock-
Ing at her door with an ax jvnd he seemed
determined to gain an entrace.
Mrs. Shafter telephoned to the Seven
teenth-street station and Policemen Tay
lor. Smith. Murran and Farren responded.
After a tremendous they over
powered the maniac. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital and placed in a
padded cell.
Wilson returned recently from Hono
lulu, where he had b«*»n under detention
by the authorities because of his queer
actions. On arriving In this city he was
allowed to land and gt> to his father's
house on Lagnna street.
.Yesterday afternoon Wilson was com
mitted to the asylum at Ukiah, where he
was once before confined for. harassing
Mrs. Phebe Hearst.
•1893. : ;. ¦'-'¦¦ ¦ •¦ •'¦• '¦ ¦ -
The American ship Shenandoah also got
in last night after cruising Rbout outsido
the heads all day. rilie made an excep
tionally good run of seventy-four days
from Sydney. N.' ; S. W. . . ; •
"What the name of the ship was in which
Coleridge's "Ancient Mariner" took pas
sage is not known, but if lie had cared to
repeat his experience he might have
bought a ticket on the American ship
Aryan, which, storm-beaten and weed
grown, dropped anchor off Goat Island
last night, six months out from New York.
The vessel has gone through as tough
an experience as ever falls to the lot of
her kind. In latitude 48' 40' south and.
longitude 79!' 10' west the Aryan poked her
nose into a hurricane that narrowly
missed whipping the sticks out of her,
and cost two of the seamen — John Larsen
and George Ruf, both of New York— their
lives.
As she lay off Goat Island last night
there was little about the trim craft to
indicate what she had gone through. Only
at tho peak the colors flew half-mast, and
a gloom lay on the crew. Liberal coats
of paint and plenty of elbow grease have
made the Aryan outwardly as trim as
when she left her home port, but forward
in the forecastle the men's talk of nights
is of hoodoos and the heavy hand of a
hoodoo holding the Aryan becalmed and
sweeping on* two of their comrades to/an
ocean grave. In the. after, house these
tales are of course ridiculed, but like
Banquo's irrepressible ghost they will not
down, and Captain Whlttier himself ad
mits that never had he seen the like of ill
luck which befell the Aryan. . .
On April 28 the Aryan cleared from New
York for San Francisco. Her cargo was
of mixed hardware— a layer, of iron rails,
a layer of barreled horseshoes and so on
until she rode, with little freeboard to
spire It was Captain Whitlier's second
voyage in the.ship»: She. had proved her
self a good; manageable craf t. But one
drawback to the prospect of successful
and speedy termination of the voyage pre
sented itself. Out of the crew of fifteen
men but six had ever been to sea.
• -DespiteV- this disadvantage, however,
good time was made till the equator had
been 'crossed. Then the Aryan s troubles
commenced. -Day. after s day Captain
Whlttier's . command,, lay "Idle as a
painted ship upon a painted ocean," till
her seams opened .in the sun. and the
crew lay about the deck too weary of
waiting to even ¦ whistle for the longed
for wind. Those days were but the
beginning of a long succession of calm*.
Once in a while a breeze would spring up
and.send the Aryan staggering along with
every stitch of canvas spread to catch it:
then down again would settle the deadly
calm to blister the paint and make tho
tar boil in the cracks between the deck
planks.
All thinjrshave an. end, however — even
calms— and about the middle of July tho
sun-dried Aryan rolled into real Cape
Horn weather. It took the crew sixteen
days to work her round into the Pacific,
with a great loss of canvas and expendi
ture of oil. Once fairly around, however,
and the Aryan's luck seemed to have
changed.
The fair breeze blew, the white foam flew, "¦
The furrow followed free. : , •..-.;"•.
It seemed that aft»r. all the Aryan
would manage to get to San. Francisco be
fore September, but on the night of Au
gust 10 the hopes of her captain and crew
were rudely dispelled.
During the day tho. wind, which had
blown so fairly, increased till it assumed
tho proportions of a i;a!e. Severe storma
are rare in the region ai which the Ary
an now was and her master did not an
ticipate the hurricane that -was brewing.
At about 9 o'clock that night it broke in
all its fury and, double reefed and under
short canvas as, she was the ship keeled
over on her beam ends, just when or
how John Larsen was 'ost none on board
knows, but as the last seen of him was
shortly before this furious squall he must
have been swept overboard by one of .the
huge combers which swept the decks.
One of the- quarter boats was whipped
clean out of the davits and carried to sea,
doors were smashed in. windows splin
tered, and to add to the general confusion
the pies and chickens broke out of the
long boat and ran. stricken with fright,
about the wave-washed 1 decks. They were
nearly all carried overboard. George
Ruf. the second man, to lose his life on
.that night, was lashing a boat more se
curely to the roof of tho afterhouse when
the squall came. A wave picked him up
and carried him clear ove^ to the rnlzzon
shrouds, against which he was. tlashol
with fearful force. Captain Whlttier him
self carried him below, where he died in
great agony a'few 'hours later. :¦•
Much canvas had • to be sacrificed, but
the Aryan weathered the storm and con
tinued her voyage of .alternate stops and
starts until she crawled Into port last
night with only, the half-masted bit of
bunting and the gloom in the forecastle
to bear witness to what she had- seen on
the ocean highway.
The Aryan is the last built- of .the fa
mous- Bath (Me.) • fleet of wooden clipper
built ships, she having been launched in
Crew Declare a Hoodoo Controlled the
Cruise Which Cost Two Com
rades' Lives.
SIXTEEN DAYS ROUND THE HORN
Then Came Furious Storm,
Sweeping Two Seamen
to"TMr Death.
Becalmed, as* Was
Ancient Mariner,
lor Weeks.
SIX MONTHS'
JOURNEY OF
SHIP ARYAN
MINISTER WEEPS OVER
THE BODY OF A SUICIDE
Tragic Death of Elmore E. Ewing, Who Became a
Thief in His Old Age, and in the Wreck of His
Fortunes Dared Not Face Dishonor.
AsAgentofWelsMch
Gompanu He Was
a Defaulter,
Asks His Accuser to
Pag Expenses of
His Funeral.
himself rather than face his accusers and
disgrace. His letter was as follows:
Dear Daisy: If I should not be here for
breakfast you may not expect to see me again
among the living. Let my remains be interred
without unnecessary delay. I wish the O. H.
Thomas Post to furnish me a resting place,
but not to Incur any expense, only temporarily.
Dr. Morro F. Underwood will deliver a
lecture in tho Temple, 117 Turk street,''to
night . at . 8 . o'clock. . ,8ubJecV; "What tho
Common Peopla Can Do," The public is
Invited.
Lecture at the Temple.
Harvey H. • Dana 6ays that the state
dent tbat he has received any.mony from
the proprietors of Smith's Cash Store In
repayment of money loaned them last
i*ebruarv to satisfy creditors Is an error.
"I loaned no money last February to any
flrm to catlsfy creditors," says Mr. Dana
In. a written, communication,
Mr. Dana Corrects an Error.
When ; appointed assignee of the Boston
Shoe r Co., : 775 'Market street. Instated to
the public that the whole stock of shoes
would be sold for 40 cents on the dollar.
I have kept my word and will continue
to do so while assignee. :. To-morrow, will. '•
sell ladles' $2 60 shoes for 95 cents; men's
and women's hand made S3 .-, shoes
for Jl 65 at i the assignee shoe sale ' of the
Boston Shoe Co., 776 Market street, near
Fourth. P. C. KELLY." Assignee. ---•• • > ; :
Honest Business Principle.
ATTORNEY WHITTAKER
GRANTED SOTAIX LOAN
Accuses Frank Thomas of Sacramento
of Obtaining Money by False
Pretenses.
Attorney George E. Whittaker «rwore to
b. complaint In Judge Mogan's court yes
terday charging Frank Thomas with ob
taining money by false pretnses. Thomas,
the Attorney said, called upon him on
August 4. representing that he owned
property on Second street, between K and
L. Bacramento, and asked Whittaker to
negotiate a loan for him. Whittaker
agreed to do eo and Thomas "touched"
him for $20 on the plea that be urgently
needed It for slight repairs on one of his
houses. Whittaker, while trying to ne
gotiate tho loan, discovered that Thomas
did not own the property.
Thomas had a meteoric career in Sacra
mento, Whittaker says. September 27 he
was held there to answer before the Su
perior Court by Justice Anderson on a
charge of forgery preferred against him
by a Mrs. Fisher. He was released- on
bonds and is n<j*r in this city. Whittaker
alleges that Thomas "touched" a number
of people In Sacramento, one being Jus
tic© Anderson, who gave up JIM.
Peter Harkins. a billposter and ex-door
keeper at the Alhambra Theater, has been
under bonds for some months to keep the
peace, as he had threatened to kill his
wife. They separated at the time of the
trouble and since then the wife, Delia
Harkins. has been living at 823C Sutter
street. He has been arrested two or three
times for falling to provide for his child.
Friday night Mrs. Harkins reported to
the police that a shot had been fired
through the window of the house ', where
fihe lives. Detective McMahon and Of
ficer McMurray of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children were
detailed on the case and suspecting Har
kins, they arrested him at an early hour
yesterday morning. With the object of
detaining him, a charge of failure to
provide was brfoked against him. He was
taken before Judge Conlan yesterday
morning and as no complaint had been
sworn to against him he was discharged.
Harkins claims that he can prove satis
factorily that he could not have fired the
shot. The police are. still working on the
case and he may have the opportunity In
court of proving his alibi.
on Sutter Street.
Mrs. Delia Harkins' House
MYSTERY OF A SHOT
BEING INVESTIGATED
It Was Fired Through the Window of
James Taylor Rogers, assisted by At
torney J. T. Houx, launched yesterday in
Judge Dunne's court his effort to secure
a recall of-tho execution on his property
to secure the payment of a fine of $500 Im
posed upon him for contempt of court.
Rogers, though he has not as yet- an
nounced his determination to end his fight
for "vindication," is centering all his ef
forts on the, attempt to prevent the col
lection of the fine. -~r\
. When the case ¦ was called * for . hearing
Attorney Houx Intimated that a continu
ance would be welcome, as Barclay Hen
ley, who represented Rogers : throughout
the ordeal preceding : the pronouncing of
Judgment against him. could be present
at any future date. The continuance was
not granted and Houx was forced to cite
a few authorities in support of his motion
to recall. The case was then continued.'.
JAMES TAYLOR ROGERS
SEEKS TO EVADE FINE
He Asks Judge Dunne to Recall At
tachment Levied Against His
Property.
. '200 more odd framed pictures and pan
els,'from 25 cents up. to be closed out to
make room for fall goods. Everything
marked with a red tag to be sold at one
half-off from the regular price. Sanborn.
Vail <& Co.. 7U Market street. -•
Bargains in Pictures.
Yesterday , afternoon a well-dressed
young man. who claimed to be an artist,
visited the residence of Mrs. E. Debow at
707 Geary street and said he wanted to
rent a room. While the landlady was
showing him the rooms he managed to
enter her bedroom and steal a valuable
watch. _¦ It was not until he left the house
that Mrs. Debow discovered her loss. She
at once notified the police.
Stole a Valuable Watch.
"'If ' I had refused to become her.hus
band." he said, "she would have shot me
with the revolver she had under her
sacque."* " > • • • - *
Justice Kerrigan savs he- thought tho
woman was ."bluffing." and as Boscus
seemed to regard the matter as a Jok>
he- performed the ceremony.
It Is said that Boscus lived with tho
woman until a short time ago. when be
deserted her for another. On learning of
his duplicity she swo*e to he revenged.
Knowing that Boscus feared that she
would kill him she concocted tne schema
to have him visit her house and. with a
Justice of the Peace waiting to officiate,
ask him to make her his wife.
-Boscus claims that he will ¦ commence
proceedings to-day to have the marrlaga
annulled.
"We can't live together," the bride said.
"I forced you to marry me and now I am
happy."
Boscus. after thinking the matter over,
visited the office of Capialn of Detectives
Seymour yesterday morning and com
plained that he had to marry the woman
or take a chance on being made a sub
ject for the Coroner. He detailed how ah»
had inveigled him to her house and forced
him to marry her. ,¦¦ *;•,
"I am willing to marry her," Boscus re
plied, his face blanched and his legs
trembling. "Goon with the ceremony."
No sooner had the Judge pronounced
them husband and wife than Mrs. Bo3cus
ordered Boscus to seek other quarters.
The license was duly Issued, illss
Kosta went to Justice of the Peace Ker
rigan and asked him to officiate at the
ceremony. She gave her address as 1023
Mission street and requested him to be
there promptly at 8 o'clock, as the groom
was to leave the city immediately after
the wedding.
Judge Kerrigan was there at the ap
pointed hour. As the couple stood up for
the ceremony the Republican candidate
for the unexpired term as Superior Judge
saw the handle of a Colt's revolver pro
jecting from under the woman's sacqua
and he thought he was elected sure. Re
covering his self-possession, he turned to
Boscus and asked If he had given his con
sent to the marriage.
"He doesn't want any publicity," she
said, nervously, "and that is why he sent
me." ,-.¦..
Miss Kosta herself applied to "Cupid"
Danforth for the marriage license shortly
after noon on Friday. When asked if
Boscus was willing she replied that ho
had sent her to get the document.
John A. Boscus and Minnie A. Kosta
were married Friday afternoon by Justice
of the Peace Kerrigan, the bride firmly
clutching with her right hand a 45-caIiber
Colt's revolver hidden from view under
her sealskin cape while she promised to
love, honor and obey John. The bride
groom was an unwilling one and so
frightened that he scarcely knew whether
his name was Boscus or "Bosco."
John Boscus Becomes Un
willing Husband of
Minnie Kosta.
BRIDE CARRIED
A REVOLVER
jm* ECRETARY OF STATE CURRY
flT notified Registrar Walsh yester-
day that an error had been made
\ mm^ \\\ the sample ballots sent by
htm to election officials through
out the State. If the error Is not cor
rected many citizens are liable to loso
their votes. The explanation of the error
is contained in Secretary Curry's letter,
which is as follows:
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 19. 1900.
Thomas J. "Walsh Esq., Registrar of Voters.
San Francisco, Cal.— Dear. Sir:. Some time since
we forwarded to you a sample ballot. We de
sire to call your attention to a correction that
should be made In said sample. At the right of
the words "For Electors" you will find a /otlng
pr*ce. This ' should be left out. and the Inner
line to each column should commence at the
lino below the words "For Electors," as I have
Indicated in the sample herewith Inclosed. Re
spectfully yours, . .
C. F. CURRY. Secretary of State.
By J..HOESCH, Deputy.
The danger 'lies in the fact that the
voter is liable to put a mark in the square
opposite "For Electors," and so on down
the list until he has voted ten times,
whereas he can vote for only nine Elect
ora. The mistake lies in the line having
been extended opposite "For Electors,
thus forming a square.
The Republican ticket as printed
on the sample ballot, all other tick
ets being similarly printed, is as
follows:
Registrar Walsh states that the ticket I
printed for this city does not contain the
error, but he fears that the sample ballot
may have been followed by election
officers in other cities. '
ERROR IN SAMPLE
BALLOTS IS DISCOVERED
If Copied It May Ivalidate the Vote for
Presidential Electors.
Call, the young people have plighted their
troth and say that no amount of waiflns
can alter their affection for each other.
Another Treadwell-Nolan pair who were
enmeshed In Cupid's net show every de
sire to break out, and doubtless Mrs.
Nolan Sr. thinks It better not to risk a
second rupture In the families by reason
ot the engaged couples marrying in haste
and repenting at leisure.
"Two years seems a long time to wait."
said young Trea dwell last night; "but I
guess It won't make any difference In my
love for G-enevieve."
IVAN TREADWELL AND MISS GENEVIVE NOLAN. WHO DON'T
THINK THAT. TWO YEARS OF WAITING AT MAMMA'S REQUEST
CAN DAMPEN THEIR YOUNG DREAM OF LOVE.
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, . 1900.
Treadwell Sags 'Tis
Hard, but That It
Must Be Borne, '
Unliappa Union of Joe
Nolan Mag Be the
Reason of It,
ior electors j
i
Samuel M. Shortridge X
William J. Barrett X
John Walter Ryan I X
Harold T. Power
Harold T. Power j X I
William R. Davis „.
William R. Davis w X
I .
Christian B. Rode X
Frank McGowan. X
Warren R. Porter : X
James ; McFadden .' X
James - McFadden.
COMPETITORS.
J.- 8.. Severance............. « 55 103 4 93
C. Christensen « a? "5 5 J?f
Captain Kumbaugh.. 60. oo }1« 4 111
R V Watt • 69 62 121 6 116
W. Gresory................... 64 55 119-5-2 121
UB. Edwards...... .......... 68 61 123 7 122
W. J." Dutton.... 67 6S 13i 10 123
COMPETITORS.
J.- 8.. Severance............. « 55 103 4 93
C. Christensen « a? "5 5 J?f
Captain Kumbaugh.. 60. oo }1« 4 111
R V Watt • 69 62 121 6 116
W. Gresory................... 64 55 119-5-2 121
UB. Edwards...... .......... 68 61 123 7 122
W. J." Dutton.... 67 6S 13i 10 123
ior electors j
i
Samuel M. Shortridge X
William J. Barrett X
John Walter Ryan I X
Harold T. Power
Harold T. Power j X I
William R. Davis „.
William R. Davis w X
I .
Christian B. Rode X
Frank McGowan. X
Warren R. Porter : X
James ; McFadden .' X
James - McFadden.
; . . $3 50 men's ; shoes •. to-morrow " for : $1 65.
Assignee shoe sale Boston* Shoe Co. 773
Market street. ' •way they faced each other on the grid
iron:
Wt. California. Position. Reliance. Wt
14C, 150. Hudson
and Dlbblee L— End— R Ahern
and Thomas, lit), m
170. Albertson ILr— Tackle— R ..Hamilton. 173
ISO, Clay L— Guard— R Monro*. 1M
175, Cornish Center Percy. 159
If.", Durbar R. . Guard— L ....Atkinson. 1S7
17.">, 135. Castlehun
and PTlr.gls E— Tkle— L.A. Theuerkanf.
165
ISC, Womble R— End— L...G. Theueritauf.
ISO
H9. IK. More and
McLean Quarter Rodolph. 13*
10?. 1Z0. Duden and
Gammon L — Half— R Dinsmore'. 140
167. 150. Smith and
mm) R-IIalf— L Varney. 1SS
1?". 174. Craley and
Faut* Fullback .„ McNevtn. 163
1<H pounds Average -weight 168 pounds
SUMMARY:
Score— California 5, Reliance 0. Touchdown
by Womble. Goal missed by More. Runs —
jfrilllant Jj-yard run by "Locomotor" Smith:
ST-yard run through scattered field by Duden.
Punta — Kodolph made 11 punts averaging 33
yards each. I from Jcick-ofT. two. punt outs and
7 from behind the line. More missed 2 field
goals from 25-yard line, punted 5 times, each
kick averaging 25 yards, and one, the longest
of the day, netting 50 yards. Kautz kioke.l is
yards ln touch. Umpire— George "Babe'" Cad
vallader, center Yale "97. Referee— Everett
Brown. California '3S. Linesmen— Lee Kerfoot.
nub-quarter California '98. and Jim Weirs. Re
1's.nce center 'CO. Timekeeper — Dave Brown.
Stanford "96. Twenty-minute halves. Weather
very warm. Grounds a trifle soft from recent
reia Attendance 1CC0.
Lowell and Iiick Play Tie Game.
The Lowell and Lick football teams met
again yesterday, but the game resulted ln
a tie. This was a most satisfactory ter^
minatlon for the Lowells, considering th«
bad defeat received in their last contest
with the Licks.
Lowell won the toss and the klckcff.
The ball was kicked to Hamilton, who ran
In for only four yards when he was
downed. Lick tried to buck, but failed
and punted the ball. Lowell took two
downs and then tried a place kick from
the twenty-yard line, missed and It waa
Lick's ball.
In the second half the ball was nearly
all the time in Lick's ground. The Lick*
had the ball on Lowell's ten-yard line for
a while, but Hamilton punted the pigskin
out of danger. When Lowell was buck
ing Lick's line toward the close of th«
game Hamilton of the former team htt
two of the men opposing him, and as ho
had been warned before, he was ordered
off the field. Bradford waa put In h!3
place. The tie will be played off next
Saturday. The lineup o" the teams waa
as follows:
Lowell. Position. Lick.
Kldd Center Ken*
Stlnes Quarter McConnell
Gea*an Left guard Fleclc
Williams Ripht guard McLearen
Craig Right tackle Heitmuller
Mlddleton Left tackle Miller
Lvwitt.. Left end Morse
Baldwin night end Schleef
Rooney RlRht half Hamilton
Vcsburg Left half Ahern,
Hamilton Fullback Percy
SANTA CLARA WINS
FROM tatvt at/path TEAM
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 20.— The red and
white of Santa Clara College flaunted tri
umphantly over the blue and white ot the
local Tamalpais Military Academy team
at the close of the football game here this
afternoon. The game was played on tha
academy campus and the score stood 6 to
0 ln favor of the visitors.
The touchdown was made In the second
half by Galtes, Santa Clara's quarter
back, who subsequently kicked the goal.
The teams lined up aa follows:
Santa Clara. Positions. TamalpaU.
Bounds R. E. L. Bair
Griffith R. T. L Hatch
Ryan R. O. L Xoble
Montevaldo Center Miller
Cosgrlff L. G. R Belcher
Carter and Lawler.-.L. T. R Braden
Donnelly I* E. K Sheeny
Devtne (capt.) R. H. L Ellenwood
and S. Harper
Wilcox & Carter U H. R Harris
Donahue Fullback.... C. Harper
Galtes Quarterback Gutierrez
The winning team will meet the U. C.
freshmen on the Berkeley campua next
\Vednesday and will play a return game
with Lowell High School ln San Francisco
on November 3, the first meeting with,
this last named eleven having resulted In,
no score on either side.
Captain Pringle won fhe toss and chose
the northeast goal. Berkeley's right
guard kicked off to McNevin, who ran m
ten yards before being downed. ¦ Reliance
made no attempt to pierce their oppo
nent's line in this Tialf, but relied on Ro
dolph's kicking to save them. Rodolph
kicked to the 40-yard line and then Berke
ley by short end runs and bucks by
Smith, Duden and Bralcy brought the ball
to the live-yard line, where they were
held on downs. Rodolph kicked to the
center of the field from the 10-yard line
and More made fifteen .yards by clever
dodging. The ten yards Reliance took to
put the ball ln play waa returned to Cali
fornia and the college men fought their
way to the last line only to be set back
ten "yards for off-side play. Again the
blue and gold team advanced to the last
line, but were held. "With four minutes
left to play and the third down staring
them in tho face Mora tried a drop kick
from the 20-yard line and failed. Again
Berkeley brought the ball to the danger
point and More tried another field goal,
but failed.
Coach Kelley tried a lot of new players
in the second half. Outside of the bril
liant run made by Smith, with the best -oT.
interference by Captain Pringle and the
touchdown made by Womble, the second
half was devoid of anything startling.
Reliance tried the mettle of Berkeley's
line in the second half and managed to
gain first down but three times. As usual
the collegians were able to go through
the Reliance line, but only for small
gains.
Coach Tost of Stanford watched tb.9
game and afterward stated that he
thought Stanford was in a position to
give Berkeley a hard fight on Thanks
giving day. He thinks. Berkeley has
splendid material, but it must be whipped
Into better shape to beat his pets.
Following are approximately .the
weights of the players, stripped, and the
The weather was too warm to bring out
fast work by either team. Old Sol's rays
were appreciated, however, by the enthu
siasts who lined the bleachers. Pretty
girls were present in large numbers and
the blue and gold rooter was seen and
heard throughout the game. California's
band helped things along with enlivening
music and two Berkeley youngsters madj
up for the lack of rough work ln th^
game by slugging each other before the
gathering. Ai Lean turned a few flip-
Hops and was ln his element looking after
both teams.
REX WOMBLE. the brilliant right
end of the California eleven, aajl
ed further fame to his already
well-known name by securing a
victory for his colleee over the
Reliance team on the Berkeley gridiron,
yesterday. The speedy end rushed down
the field and when the pigskin, propeiica
fifty yards by Johnny More's mighty rignt
foot, bounded from Rodolph's hands ana
then rolled over the goal line he clasped
it with as much joy as a parent would a
long lost child. His fellow players did not
stop to Jubilate over his clever move, but
grabbed him by the arms and dragged
him under the goal posts. Despite the
protestations of the athletic team a touch
down was scored for Berkeley and Quar-,
terback More essayed an easy goal, but
failed. Score: California 5, Reliance 0.
It was a hard fought contest and the
losers are commended on every side for
the gallant stand they made against the
collegians. The Reliance team battled
against heavy odds, but managed to keep
the blue and gold aggregation from roll
ing up a high score against them. Percy,
the fullback of the Lick team, who played
center for Reliance In the absence of
Weirs, was not only sixteen pounds
lighter than Cornish but had engaged in
a hard football contest in the 'morning
and was fatigued when he entered the
game. Hamilton was in a similar condi
tion from the same cause. That the cluD
men held the varsity eleven down to such
a small score Is not only remarkable £>ut
commendable. Three times when the
Berkeley eleven had advanced the pig
skin beneath their very goal posts the Re
liance team stiffened its line and secured
the ball on downs.
Dlnsmore's sensational tackle of i-<o
comotor" Smith on the five-yard line af
ter Berkeley's right half had made a
brilliant 55-yard run was the most spec
tacular event of the day. The little cap
tain of the athletic club eleven made a
flying leap for the runner and -caught
him Just when Smith's college mates saw
a touchdown in their grasp. The run wa3
a grand one, but the- tlyina tackle will
live ln football history on this coast.
Dinsmore's defensive work was also good,
as was the kicking of Rodolph and the
earnest work on the line by Monroe.
California Defeats Reliance by Five
Points- After a Hard Fought Battle
on the Gridiron.
WOMBLE WINS GAME
FOR BLUE AND GOLD
The practice of sealing: " divorce com
plaints, which Is indulged In to a more or
less degree by more or less of the Superior.
Judges of this city and county, has. met
Seeking Divorce Interferes With
Their Business.
SEAECHEErS OBJECT TO
1: .. .. , SEAXED COMPLAINTS
They Claim That Protection of Those
• The protest ¦will be based on the conten
tion that the procedure complained of in
terferes with . the business of the .com
plainants ln • that 7 It s prevents them from
ascertaining -whether" or not-,; property
rights are Involved.- It Is claimed .thai
with the protest of searchers of': records
and .title assurance companies * The
searchers and assurance companies - are
preparing a formal protest against .-¦; the
practice and .within the next few days the
same will be filed for the consideration of
the Superior. Court Judges Bitting in bank.
. Frank Devlns,-- 9 years old,- -whose
parents reside at 13U Geneva street, had
his right leg crushed below the knee by a
freight car yesterday. -He.- tried to Jump
on a moving freight train at Fourth and
Kentucky streets aad fell.
Boy's Leg Crushed.
"We buy trunks by the carload. That's
why we sell'- good trunks at reasonable
prices. Suit cases, valises, : traveling,
bags, coin purses and pocketbooks.ln our
leather goods department. Sanborn, ¦ Vail
& Co., 7*1 Market street. •
Trunks and Valises.
SHORT' HILLS, NJ J., Oct. 20.— Miss
Frances Griscom of Philadelphia cleverly
sustained her reputation and title of
champion woman golfer In the tourna
ment which .was concluded early this
afternoon on the links of the Baltsurot
Golf Club. She defeated Miss Georgiana
Bishop of Bridgeport, Conn., In the final
round for the Baltsurot cup by one up. •
Champion Lady Golfer.
To-morrow (Monday) at the assignee
sale of shoes 850 pairs of ladies' shoes for
only 93 cents a pair; all sizes, none worth
less than $2.50. The greatest bargafns
ever offered at the assignee sale. -of the
Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market street, near
Fourth. -r-.".*:>T •
Now Is Your Time.
cial Deputy United States Marshal Jones
left this city on the 10 o'clock train yes
terday morning with Julian Tregenna
Biddulph Arnold( the second son of Sir
Edwin Arnold, author of the "Light of
Asia." who will be placed on trial in Lon
don for the embezzlement of $200,000.
The prisoner, while claiming that the,
prosecution againsthlm is based upon the
failure of the firm of • which he .was the
legal adviser and manager, was very
much cast down. ' He" took an affection
ate farewell of his faithful wife.
who pawned her jewels In London that
they might have means to come to Cali
fornia. It Is in Arnold's favor that dur
ing the whole of the bankruptcy proceed
ings and afterward no criminal charge
was preferred against him by any of the
creditors of his firm or by any one else,
although all the facts connected with the
failure were as well known In London
then as they are now. He is confident
that he will be able to show in the Eng
lish courts by competent evidence that
whatever cause of complaint there may be
against him Is of a civil and not of j a
criminal nature. Mr. Arnold's attornej-s,
Denson & Schlesinger and Henry E. High
ton, made a desperate fight to prevent tiis
extradition, but the Federal courts de
cided that the British authorities were
entitled to the prisoner.
JXTLIAH" ARNOLD ON
THE WAY TO LONDON
United States Marshal Shine and Spe-
Palo Alto has speed, but not much else,
and Is likely to burn any kind of money.
Wild Tralee is good. Mac's Melody and
Flying Fox are favored, and Beacon— well,
the wise ones say nothing.
Red Angus is a big, strong fellow, and
he likes to run. His work showed that
he is a factor in the event. He went after
the game and piled up points, that's all.
Old Conncmara showed the way to fr.st
Boh<» In short order, which gives hope to
many veterans that the b«st all-round
hound in the country a few moons back
will surprise even his closest followers.'
Royal Anne wound up the explosion by
beating The Orofter, a false favorite, in
a very pretty exhibition cf coursing,
which went over the limit. Grafter took
a tumble while doing good work, though
the result was never in doubt. Luxor had
si course which was not even exercise for
him. and Beacon hardly stretched himself
against Tea Rose ¦
was game to the last. John Doe was a
surprise, though not at strong odds. Then
came the defeat of the "sure" stake win
ner. Sir Pasha. His name scared a whole
lot of Sacramento Boy'B backers, but the
Boy cared naught for past "reps" and
pitted his training against Pasha's an
cient record. It was a hard blow at 3 to 1.
•- (Union Park, Saturday, Oct. 20, iqoo.)
CALL'S FORM CHART FOR JOHN GRACE CUP.
SNAPSHOTS TAKEX DURING THE RUNNING OFF OF THE FIRST ROUND OF...THE JOHN :GRACEV'CHALLENGE CUP STAKE YESTERDAY AT UN
ION PARK. THIS EVENT IS LOOKED UPON BY THE LEASHMENOF THE 'COUNTRY AS SECOND ONLY TO .THE GREAT ENGLISH WATER
LOO. THE STRUGGLE,. FOR FlNAL'HONORS WILL BE DECIDED TO-DAY.' ? . '. . ' -i • ; ' V ¦- '.'. ... A- r , . • '.' - • '
THE flrst rounS of the big coursing
stake for the John Grace Chal
lenge cup'was run off yesterday
at Union Park. As the .results
show, there m-111 bo more cham
pion greyhounds in the Consolation stake,
which will be finished to-day, than In the
Jinal rounds of the main event. Through
out the day's coursing it was evident tha
dogs were kept. out of, minor stakes dur
ing the past month for fear of Injury, and
others that were given delicate training
and feeding almost bordering on starva
tion were 'far from being on the fine edge
expected, but^. seemed . overtrained and
stale, while the ones that were given
plenty of work showed nearer stake win
ning- form. \ ¦ .'. '.. ¦
The fameihoundi" In smaller stakes
would reverb yesterday's results.'
From the first slip to the raising- of the
last flag, with one or possibly two excep
tions, the running was of the highest or
der, without a fluke and Trtth the better
dog winning each time 'by meritorious
work.
What a shaking up the wise ones got in
the forenoon! Wh^n time was called for
luncheon the hackers '• ot > favorites had
lost .their, appetites and Were glad for a
cessation of the heavy bombardment to
which they. had been subjected. It started
in U»e third course, when the. fast Royal
Flush, a sure enough sprinter and favorite
at 5 to 1. ran an undecided with liot Foot
and then at 5 to 4 lost the flag.
Wild Tralee came next, and' in a half
minute course ran away frdm the nauch
tfpped Narcissus. Mayflower fell next at
3^z to 1. She lost the muscles of her loins
in a hard three-mile cpurse last week
and -showed the effect Of the strain, but
Crack Dogs Give Clever Exhibitions of Coursing in- the First Round
- of the Struggle for Honors in the John Grace Challenge
Cup Event at Union Park Grounds. 7
ST. IXJI'JS, Oct. 20.— At the rinse of the
record event, a six ami a ha'f furlong
handicap^ in which Stvoy. the favorite,
wax beaten a hrad by Kelix Bard, a via- ]
lent demonstration took place, caused by j
what seamed a deliberate pulling of »<?- |
voy by Jockey Roberj.son in the closing
ftridts of the race. Hundreds of exdtea j
rn<>ri surrounded the ju-Jjjrs' stand as the
Jockey dismounted. 'Samuel Gumpenz.
owner of Bevoy. Bald that Robertson lost
the race through oreranxlouscess. A j
large fimount of money had been bet on\|
the horse, he Faid. ana when the light- j
Trcisrht. Hi Koller. cpt-r.ed tip a big gap j
early in the race Rcbr>rtson. in closing it, !
Jumped Sevoy out nv.d he had not the |
requisite stamina to linish on. Results:
Ore mile. wllins — Mpddl^sotne won, Eint^teln |
second, llaydine th'.rd. Tirrif. 1:4*.
Handicap, six and a half furlor.ps— Felix '
Bard won F*voy preend, Go Out third. Time. ;
1:20.
Seven furlonpF, pur?* 1 — Omiurman won. Tory \
Jjeptptag fx-ennd, l;=ot>el third. Time. 1:2*^.
Sfver. furlong; 1 — Hummer finished first, but '
v.if disqualified for fouling; Maggie Davis j
noOBd. -Miss Mae Day fell. Time, 1:27H- Only
three fiarler?
Five Mad a half furlongs — Gold Or won. Frank
Jip'.I jweonii. l>al K«-ith third. Time. l:06S-
Selling, one mile end a sixteenth— Inuendo
won, lX-mfie second. J>e Kinr third. Time,
Hi.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20— The fall meeting
cf the TOestebester Racing Association
•was concluded at Morris Park to-dav in a
characteristic pet-away day manner" Not I
a finple favorite or even second choice !
was lirst past the judges, long shots
Eweoping the card. Results:
Steeplechase, about two and a haJf miles —
Fomers won. Cock Robin second, Tamor third.
Time. 4:ZC. „
Eeraa furlongs, celling— Annie Thompson
won. Queen Carnival pecond. Gladerun third.
Time. 1:2>-V
The Whit* Plains handicap. Eclipse course
Conroy won. Oanr Herman second, Silverdale
third. Time, 131%. i
The Morris Park handicap two mile* and a !
quarter— Maid of Harlem won, Ethelbert sec
ond. Jack Point third. Time, 4:C;'4.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Huitzito-
I>eorhUe won. Alvara-io II eecond, "Wax Taper
third. Time. 1:^4.
One mile— Musette won, FavonluB 6econd
¦Afqulth third. Time. 1:«H.
Stand at St. Louis.
CXAI2I SEVOY WAS PULLED.
Excited lilen Surround the Judges*
The Command* rate in question is: not
by ar.y means the only bad looking ride
that Spencer has been guilty of this sca
fon. The defeat of Ethf-lbert by David
Garrick in the Annual Champion stakes
at Sbeejishcad Bay caused quite as much
talk at the time as did the Commando
race. There was also a peculiar look ::bout
an event at (Saratoga when the heavily
backed Scotch Bush, the property of John
Sanford, was beaten. Doubiloss all thes*
races, when foiisidered together, bore tes
timony which the stewards considered
sufficiently siroiiR for th»ir ruling, which
virtually mtans an end to Spencer's turf
career.
A few months apo Spencer enjoyed the
distinction of be'ns the best jockey in the
country, and at times he has certainly
electrified the pufcUc l>y his brilliant fin
ishes.
Such an extreme measure- as that would
not have bepr. resorted to without the
most positive nroof that something more
than a careless rid*- caused, the defeat of
the Messrs. Kvene'a great colt, but the
Jockey Club in it? wisdom prefers to keep
the public puessing as to what it has
found out and will probably have nothing
more to say on the subject.
Commando's defeat in ¦ the Matron
Ftakcs was the subject of their delibera
tions, an<i the on!y announcement made
public was that the licence of .Henry
Spencer, the famous Jockey, had been re
voked.
JCETW YORK. Oct. 20.— It was not until
sifter the last race at Morris Park to-aay
that the Jockey Club stewards' meeting,
which had brcn in session nearly all the
afternoon, wept brought to a close. The
stewards present were: August Belmont.
J. II. Bradford. James Galway, F. R.
Hitchccck. Jnn*es» 11. Keene and Andrew
Miller.
Erec'.al P's^atrh to The Call.
Evidence Against Kim Not Made
Public, but He Has Figured in
Several Peculiar Races
cf Late.
Action Taken at a Protracted
Meeting of Jockey Club
Stewards.
LICENSE OF
JOCKEY SPENCER
IS REVOKED
GREYHOUNDS OF TOP CLASS
CONTEST FOR A RICH STAKE
when a suit for divorce Is filed the real
property belonging to the litigants- is
placed under, a cloud. Searchers are com
pelled,-they say. to. disclose this fact, but
If the complaint is "ordered sealed there
Is no way of determining whether or not
any property. rights ' are involved.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1900.
24
| j • Greyhound. Owner. Nominator. .'. •.',.'; ' ..' Description of Course.
Description of Course.
Score
Time.
u Golden Russet jp. Jackson— J. A. Klein........... Led 3 lengths ; scored 1st 8; 2 in mlxap— turn and kill....-
I !¦ lrst Toot | Russell. Allen & Wilson Evened score lO'to 10 by-grand wori;. could not kill.,
\ jf* 1 "^ 110 £ 9^-: • •••• Plenty of speed but hesitated; worked .well in run-oT
- nanoai ,i. j, cronin. Did good work against a fast one; 2 undecldeds
13
10
1:15
14
6
1:17
t 5 ot ?*££••;: J - - E - Chambille— F. Sehou Aftor an undecided did all the work ........."'
• 5 Royal Flush F. A. McComb Made one weak point and another before escape
I !jy nd i Tralee ij- J- Cronln Best dog; Quick, clever work...;
4 l Narclssus JCurtls & Sons— W. C. Glasron.... Led to hare, by favor ;
10
2
1:01
4
3
:29
r f, !oo^ate jGeorgo Xethercott Led: showed good swed; best In 'work
5 Mayflower A. T. Leonard Fair Id mix-up; kill; was not herself in the going
* f.? nn Doe -: £ McCarthy-p. E. Wiley Le<i; mad,e flrst 5; won by kill....
6 \\edgfwood F. Jones-H. C. Klerersahl Did sood work while in; had score 7 to 7 before kill
13
8
1:19
9
7
:50
1 Sacramento Boy.. Walsh & Heenan— Geo. Malcolm... Got in: clever work; best all through
3 blr Pa3ha *. A. McComb just led to turn: rest of points out of mix-up
J 5 oya ' Anne £• "" JJof^iter— I. F. Halton Never In danger; best dog won..... ;...
2 The Grafter .P. J. Reilly , False odds; good race......
6 |J- Iac 's Melody |T. W. Bartels..., Led: was best dog....
•? (Royal Union ..jP.-J. .Reilly.'. Points by favor
5 (Master Claire..... |j. Carroll— R. E. de B. Lopez..... Led: took flrst and second; even in mix-up; kill
4 jChicago Boy. ...... [George Sharman— J. J. JCenny.... Beaten In good course ..:
28
S
26
14
2:23
2:09
8
2
:37
12
7
1:15
1 • — ¦ — — '
5 l£. Ild Norah 9.- Bor.ar-W. J. Browning...:... Made six In the mix-up: kill..
4 jTheron George VI hltney •.....] Led to hare: first three: exchange..
14
7
l:0«
5 if. 81 "* £• |?:,-, de B - Lopez Had course all through ....:....
3 -|Dewdrop D. Dillon Showed speed; got one In work ..................
10
2
:45
2 , Greenhall J. Cane.....:......... Led to hare; first and second; two in exchange-
1- Cash Curtis & Song— C. L. Appleby.... Got in for two; kill ..1 .; ...!!..
2 Honesty {p. J. Rdlly— A. T. Leonard Led to hare, making first eight, then one ....
, Brutus .|.t. p. Thrift Got one and then kill; false odds ¦ .......
5
4
:40
9
i
:45
1 iS:*' 1 "^/ 0 * Cu \V\ & s ? ns ~ c - c - Grlswold..... Led up; took the turn ..; J „
2 jFiery Face J. H. Kosslter Killed too soon .I.!....!!.!..!.!!!!!.!!:
3
2
:18
1 fefi a « d A" IE" *i?* r -K'Y, • Led u p: dId flrst P art ot work.
2 Kid McCoy .jt.. M. Kellogg ....[Fell three times; lost his chances. If he had any
18
9
:18
m
|" ocke . r . »• A - T P??, ke!man r"Vr;; Led : took first five; one.........
Warship .P. J. Reilly— J. II. Halton Got in four; kill............
7
6
:4S
ml
(Luxor Curtis & Sons... Led two lengths: showed cleverness... *...
Golden Garter P. M. Clarkson.... Against a fast one
Luxor .. .Curtis & Sons... Led two lengths; showed cleverness... *...
Golden Garter I p. M. Clarkson.... .....I Against a fast one..
10
0
:32
m
p^w •:::::::. b»S-rzv-x:z:u«^ •
l^wggSSSp^^iSS™:
6
0
:23
Igrin M. Dunlea— Thomas Kennedy..... Led; made drive but failed »
Random Aim J. H. Rosslter— I. F. Halton Killed: was little wild on running
¦ : i
Erin M.
Random Aim J.
!. Dunlea— Thomas Kennedy..... Led; made drive but failed »
H. Rosslter— I. F. Halton Killed: was little wild on running
4
2
;20
m
.Best Bargain L F. Bartels Led well; did good work; kill. '.....
Crawford Braes... H. F. Anderson Made score by clever work
Best Bargain...... L. F. Bartels
Crawford Braes. ..JH. F. Anderson
L«*d well; did good work; kill... .'.
Made score by clever work ..;.¦..;...................
9
4
:45
Pit
i
!^£» < V,^» aU '""'" T" I' ...'.. Made flrst three, then two; made use of hare coming to her „...
isyuanus j. R. Smith Speed; evened up score when hare went away from him
|pi^a« Ot *?M •;¦"• ? Ur tT 1?^ So , n8 -W. H Hinchman. All the .speed; scored rapidly; one for kill..........
Roman Athlete... J. H. Rossit«r-J. H. Halton N'ice work when in; clever on hare.. "...V."..
£?£» < V,^» aU '""'" T" £' Mclnerney.;::.. ..;._... ...(Made flrst three, then two; made use of hare coming to her
a>i\anus J. R. Smith [Speed; evened up score when hare went away from him
7
6
1:01
nil n C °i?M'7'" ? Ur tT 1?^ Son8 -W. H. Hinchman. All the .speed ; scored rapidly; one for kill..........
Roman Athlete... J. H. Rosslfr-J.H. Halton...... Nice work when in; clever on hare..;...V.... I.....!.!.!.....!;;.....!....
11
9
1:23
L.1
9
10.
jConhemara ....... James Dean— D. Erskine. Led three lengths; three more; drove hare to her .
I Bone J. H. Perieo • Killpri . _•*• .¦
< ¦ ¦ 1 — — _ __ ¦
Conhemara ....... James Dean— D. Ersklne....... Led three lengths; three more; drove hare to her .
Bohe J. H. Perlgo Killed ...." :;
5
2
:23
5
4
Spiteful Russell, Allen & Wilson............ Drive and oickuD . '
For Giory steri & Knowiea :: RuVem to haTe '""!^"::::-:::;::::::;:':::!"v:\:-::::;:::::::::::::::::::::
2
0
:1J
5
4
xo^h"!!::::i::i:!^^S^i^^!!, 1^^^.?!?^:.^.?^.^^^:!
8
3
:34
5
1
Beacon jCurtls & Sons-.......;. .V....iLed five lengths: took turn coming..'. .;...
Tea Rose |T. Tlerney-Q. A. Raublnger.'.....| Round placed her for the kill. ........ ..!!...........................";;";
5
2
:14
2
l
Twin City Girl... 8. Handy— J. 8. Halton.... ....Led well- *ot the. kill.." ~
Little sister f. a. McComb— r. w. MasiieA.. J Against tow do^ : •'-Illl-Cir!!!!-!-!!!!!!;.'!!!.'!!!!!!!!."'..;;!;;;;;;-!;!!-!!!!!;
6
1
•33
1
3
Real Article..'..... J. H. Rossi ter-Bates Jones... Led:- first and 'second; kill......................;, . . ~'~- ~"
Flora McDonald.. Lowe & Thompson.... Outclassed ;.......,..............!!!!.!... •••••••
S
4
:43
4
E
E^n^o?^-*' £ 11 !?' ••"•••••"••••••••"• Scored all'his points when once In possession . ..„..:..'.....
Harlean Gladys... T. Jones— E. E. Shotwell Led to turn; .first and second; kill............. II;"!!
15
6
1:14
S
2
Fauh^Lad:::::: Ru3,^^^:^i,i g h{haiL-
IS
2
:47
2
5
Auckland
Fine Fire;.........
J. Carroll— J. • J. Kenny.'. : .". . i . . . '
R; K. Malcolm...........;
Fine Fire led to hare 3 lengths 1st 3. turns; laid off and let Auckland
get in for turn,: from , which Auckland won easily .;.......... ;.;...
12
10
1:09
| j • Greyhound. Owner. Nominator. .'. •.',.'; ' ..' Description of Course.
Description of Course.
Score
Time.
u Golden Russet jp. Jackson— J. A. Klein........... Led 3 lengths ; scored 1st 8; 2 in mlxap— turn and kill....-
I !¦ lrst Toot | Russell. Allen & Wilson Evened score lO'to 10 by-grand wori;. could not kill.,
\ jf* 1 "^ 110 £ 9^-: • •••• Plenty of speed but hesitated; worked .well in run-oT
- nanoai ,i. j, cronin. Did good work against a fast one; 2 undecldeds
13
10
1:15
14
6
1:17
t 5 ot ?*££••;: J - - E - Chambille— F. Sehou Aftor an undecided did all the work ........."'
• 5 Royal Flush F. A. McComb Made one weak point and another before escape
I !jy nd i Tralee ij- J- Cronln Best dog; Quick, clever work...;
4 l Narclssus JCurtls & Sons— W. C. Glasron.... Led to hare, by favor ;
10
2
1:01
4
3
:29
r f, !oo^ate jGeorgo Xethercott Led: showed good swed; best In 'work
5 Mayflower A. T. Leonard Fair Id mix-up; kill; was not herself in the going
* f.? nn Doe -: £ McCarthy-p. E. Wiley Le<i; mad,e flrst 5; won by kill....
6 \\edgfwood F. Jones-H. C. Klerersahl Did sood work while in; had score 7 to 7 before kill
13
8
1:19
9
7
:50
1 Sacramento Boy.. Walsh & Heenan— Geo. Malcolm... Got in: clever work; best all through
3 blr Pa3ha *. A. McComb just led to turn: rest of points out of mix-up
J 5 oya ' Anne £• "" JJof^iter— I. F. Halton Never In danger; best dog won..... ;...
2 The Grafter .P. J. Reilly , False odds; good race......
6 |J- Iac 's Melody |T. W. Bartels..., Led: was best dog....
•? (Royal Union ..jP.-J. .Reilly.'. Points by favor
5 (Master Claire..... |j. Carroll— R. E. de B. Lopez..... Led: took flrst and second; even in mix-up; kill
4 jChicago Boy. ...... [George Sharman— J. J. JCenny.... Beaten In good course ..:
28
S
26
14
2:23
2:09
8
2
:37
12
7
1:15
1 • — ¦ — — '
5 l£. Ild Norah 9.- Bor.ar-W. J. Browning...:... Made six In the mix-up: kill..
4 jTheron George VI hltney •.....] Led to hare: first three: exchange..
14
7
l:0«
5 if. 81 "* £• |?:,-, de B - Lopez Had course all through ....:....
3 -|Dewdrop D. Dillon Showed speed; got one In work ..................
10
2
:45
2 , Greenhall J. Cane.....:......... Led to hare; first and second; two in exchange-
1- Cash Curtis & Song— C. L. Appleby.... Got in for two; kill ..1 .; ...!!..
2 Honesty {p. J. Rdlly— A. T. Leonard Led to hare, making first eight, then one ....
, Brutus .|.t. p. Thrift Got one and then kill; false odds ¦ .......
5
4
:40
9
i
:45
1 iS:*' 1 "^/ 0 * Cu \V\ & s ? ns ~ c - c - Grlswold..... Led up; took the turn ..; J „
2 jFiery Face J. H. Kosslter Killed too soon .I.!....!!.!..!.!!!!!.!!:
3
2
:18
1 fefi a « d A" IE" *i?* r -K'Y, • Led u p: dId flrst P art ot work.
2 Kid McCoy .jt.. M. Kellogg ....[Fell three times; lost his chances. If he had any
18
9
:18
m
|" ocke . r . »• A - T P??, ke!man r"Vr;; Led : took first five; one.........
Warship .P. J. Reilly— J. II. Halton Got in four; kill............
7
6
:4S
ml
(Luxor Curtis & Sons... Led two lengths: showed cleverness... *...
Golden Garter P. M. Clarkson.... Against a fast one
Luxor .. .Curtis & Sons... Led two lengths; showed cleverness... *...
Golden Garter I p. M. Clarkson.... .....I Against a fast one..
10
0
:32
m
p^w •:::::::. b»S-rzv-x:z:u«^ •
l^wggSSSp^^iSS™:
6
0
:23
Igrin M. Dunlea— Thomas Kennedy..... Led; made drive but failed »
Random Aim J. H. Rosslter— I. F. Halton Killed: was little wild on running
¦ : i
Erin M.
Random Aim J.
!. Dunlea— Thomas Kennedy..... Led; made drive but failed »
H. Rosslter— I. F. Halton Killed: was little wild on running
4
2
;20
m
.Best Bargain L F. Bartels Led well; did good work; kill. '.....
Crawford Braes... H. F. Anderson Made score by clever work
Best Bargain...... L. F. Bartels
Crawford Braes. ..JH. F. Anderson
L«*d well; did good work; kill... .'.
Made score by clever work ..;.¦..;...................
9
4
:45
Pit
i
!^£» < V,^» aU '""'" T" I' ...'.. Made flrst three, then two; made use of hare coming to her „...
isyuanus j. R. Smith Speed; evened up score when hare went away from him
|pi^a« Ot *?M •;¦"• ? Ur tT 1?^ So , n8 -W. H Hinchman. All the .speed; scored rapidly; one for kill..........
Roman Athlete... J. H. Rossit«r-J. H. Halton N'ice work when in; clever on hare.. "...V."..
£?£» < V,^» aU '""'" T" £' Mclnerney.;::.. ..;._... ...(Made flrst three, then two; made use of hare coming to her
a>i\anus J. R. Smith [Speed; evened up score when hare went away from him
7
6
1:01
nil n C °i?M'7'" ? Ur tT 1?^ Son8 -W. H. Hinchman. All the .speed ; scored rapidly; one for kill..........
Roman Athlete... J. H. Rosslfr-J.H. Halton...... Nice work when in; clever on hare..;...V.... I.....!.!.!.....!;;.....!....
11
9
1:23
L.1
9
10.
jConhemara ....... James Dean— D. Erskine. Led three lengths; three more; drove hare to her .
I Bone J. H. Perieo • Killpri . _•*• .¦
< ¦ ¦ 1 — — _ __ ¦
Conhemara ....... James Dean— D. Ersklne....... Led three lengths; three more; drove hare to her .
Bohe J. H. Perlgo Killed ...." :;
5
2
:23
5
4
Spiteful Russell, Allen & Wilson............ Drive and oickuD . '
For Giory steri & Knowiea :: RuVem to haTe '""!^"::::-:::;::::::;:':::!"v:\:-::::;:::::::::::::::::::::
2
0
:1J
5
4
xo^h"!!::::i::i:!^^S^i^^!!, 1^^^.?!?^:.^.?^.^^^:!
8
3
:34
5
1
Beacon jCurtls & Sons-.......;. .V....iLed five lengths: took turn coming..'. .;...
Tea Rose |T. Tlerney-Q. A. Raublnger.'.....| Round placed her for the kill. ........ ..!!...........................";;";
5
2
:14
2
l
Twin City Girl... 8. Handy— J. 8. Halton.... ....Led well- *ot the. kill.." ~
Little sister f. a. McComb— r. w. MasiieA.. J Against tow do^ : •'-Illl-Cir!!!!-!-!!!!!!;.'!!!.'!!!!!!!!."'..;;!;;;;;;-!;!!-!!!!!;
6
1
•33
1
3
Real Article..'..... J. H. Rossi ter-Bates Jones... Led:- first and 'second; kill......................;, . . ~'~- ~"
Flora McDonald.. Lowe & Thompson.... Outclassed ;.......,..............!!!!.!... •••••••
S
4
:43
4
E
E^n^o?^-*' £ 11 !?' ••"•••••"••••••••"• Scored all'his points when once In possession . ..„..:..'.....
Harlean Gladys... T. Jones— E. E. Shotwell Led to turn; .first and second; kill............. II;"!!
15
6
1:14
S
2
Fauh^Lad:::::: Ru3,^^^:^i,i g h{haiL-
IS
2
:47
2
5
Auckland
Fine Fire;.........
J. Carroll— J. • J. Kenny.'. : .". . i . . . '
R; K. Malcolm...........;
Fine Fire led to hare 3 lengths 1st 3. turns; laid off and let Auckland
get in for turn,: from , which Auckland won easily .;.......... ;.;...
12
10
1:09
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE2HETTTS.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE
UUIIIbU IV Lrill IIiL.ll I liBaLi
Send Name and Address To-Day— -You
¦ $3 60 men's shoes . to-morrow- for Jl 65.
Assignee ehoe pale Boston Shoe Co... 775
Market street _ . . ; ; '„•
BADWAV'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for U> years as a
3'uir. Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
, Headache. Toothache and all pains. Internally
tor Al&larU and all Bowel Pains. All drug-giett,.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
EWtfiS^^^*^^ *?1 Kf-arny ft., S. F., for
MP* Fishing Tackle and Sporting
Goods. The larEest stock on
th» Pacific Ccast of every description. Send 3
cents ln po?t&fte stamps for the latest 90-para
lUustrated catalogue. Ho. 4.
#* B EM g A I-nSIn & naai "Waterproct
B £5 ' E 1 Ik Smokeless Powder, ln bulk
H K ¥\S Tk an( * -'^d''*! ln '"ells. Send
R 19 BRr5v B f " r *"atal<--gue of rporttn*?
<4*0 0 K roods. GEO. \V. SHREVK.
Free trial packar^s of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
•will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute-
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
euffer from any form of sexual weakne«*
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, elving strength
and development Just where it Is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. *J2S Elektron building. Fort
"Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one,
of their free *rlal packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
¦who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
nsH weakness when the proper remedies
ere employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free 6ample. carefully sealed in a
plain package, bo thxX Us recipient need
have, no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
¦without delay.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
SENT FREE TO MEN !
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am just as vigorous aa when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sir— Your method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strengtn
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
trouble ln making use of the receipt as directed
and can truthfully say it Is a boon to weak
men. I am greatly Improved In slse, strength
and vigor."
All correspondence is strictly confidential,
mailed la plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
Is* free for the asking and he wants every maa
to have it. ' - i^to*«a»a
How any man may qu.rkly cure himself after
years or suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vttalitj. night losses, varlcocele. etc., and en-
large small weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name and address to Dr. L.
W. Knapn. 1373 Hull building, Detroit, Mich ,
ond he w!V gladly send the free receipt with
full dlrectiCES. so that sny man may easily cure
hlmcelf at home. This is certainly a" most
generous offer and the following extracts taken
from his dally mall show what men think of
his generosity. . " .
. "Dear Sir— Please accept ray 5 ilncere thanks
for yours of recent data. -I have glv«n' your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit 'has
l. w.'kxapp, m. d.
In Scotland all licensed premises, except
hotels,. are closed Sundays, and one must
b$ at least technically " a traveler" before
he-can obtain liquor. > • - : . -. .•We further recommend that the follow
ing named persons, having surrendered
their life diplomas granted prior to June
University diplomas— Sllaa B. Coleman. rec
ommended by the Los Angeles Ccun»v Board:
Grace H. de Fremery. Alameda: B. Maud
Green. Sonoma; Edna Jones, Solano; Florence
B. Parker, San Bernardino: Frank Tade. Sac
ramento.
Etepeth R. Thomson, Los Angeles; Mary
Tinsley Tcdd. Trinity: Adah Luella Townsend.
Yuba:" Mrs. R. W. Tutt. Mendocino; Mabel I.
K. I weedv. Los< Angeles.
Emma Waltenspiel, Santa Clara; M. Angle
V hster. Contra Costa. • •
Maude Page. Modoc: Jessie A- Parkman.
Santa Clara; M. R. Pendleton. Los Angeles:
l-flla. Ida Pfenlnger. Los Angeles: LJly E.
Prinre. Los Angeles.
Julia C. Ronan. Los Anjeles; Marguerite
Ryppell. Kern.
Mamie G. Saxton, Los Angeles: Elinor Spen
cer, ssanta Clara: Helen A. Stewart. San Lul«
Obispo; Lena Schilling Stewart. Santa Claxa;
Lizzie S. Stewart. Contra Costa: John S.
Stubblefield, Los Angeles.
Nellie W. Levlngrs, San Luis Obispo.
Anna Blanche Maccuai*. San Mateo: Edna
T. H. Manley, Los Angeles: Frank M- May.
Contra Costa: Maud L. Merrltt. Contra Costa;
Kate L. Minor, Humboldt; Alberta L. Mont
gomery Santa Clara; Emma Morgan, San Ber
nardino r^ Isabella Frances Morison.- Alameda.
T M. McGough. Mendocino: Lucy G. Mc-
Gowan, Los Angeles: Mary McHarry. Contra
Costa; Leonora McLam. recommendad by the
Los Angeles County Board.
Mildred Nason, Shasta; Annie Rose Noble.
Los Angeles.
Grace F. Fltzpatrick.. San Luis Obispo; Anna
M. Kullak, Santa Clara,
Lydia Grafe, Solano: Cammllla J. Gramboni,
recommended by the Alameda County Board;
Minnie M. Gray. Santa Clara.
James E. Hancock. Santa Clara: Minnie H.
Harms. Contra Costa; Flora Harris. Los An-
Eteles; May M. Hartley. Los Angeles; Irene V.
Hawkins. Marin; Mary T. Hocker. Trinity;
Edith May"Hcdgkins, Los Angeles; W. R.
Hcnodel, Butte; Louise Huber, Los Angeles:
Xellie V. Hutchlnson. Los Angeles.
Lu B. Jennings. San Diego : Julia I. Juarez.
trice" Flood, Los Angeles; Annio Floyd. San
Bfnito.
A reception was given yesterday after
noon by the pupils of the Partlngton
School of Illustration at 424 Pine street.
There was an exhibition of drawings by
the scholars and the rooms were crowded
all the afternoon by those Interested in
the work. M. Moclnl carried off the bulk
of the honors, his sketches of Falstaff
and a nude study receiving much com
plimentary criticism. Miss Johnson's pea
and ink sketches were also greatly ai
mired.
Partington Pupils Hold Beception.
On Tuesday evening the Democrats of
the Thirty-third District will meet at
Masonic Hall, South San Francisco. R.
Porter Ashe, Thomas E. Curran, Joseph
H. Strand, William J. Locke, R. P. Troy
and Thomas W. Hlckey will make ad
dresses. The same night there will be &
meeting In the Thirtieth District at Sixth
and Shipley streets and of the Fortieth
District at Franklin Hall. The Forty
first District will have a meeting at Til
ton Hall. Union and Octavia streets,
Thursday night.
Democratic district meetings have been
arranged for the early part of the coming
week. The Thirty-fourth District Demo
crats will have a rally to-morrow night at
Harmony Hall. Mission and Erie streets.
J. H. Henry, W. D. Hynes, S. E. V.ermil
yea and R. P. Troy will be the speakers.
Local Democratic Meeting^.
2. 1S9S, and having complied with the rules
of this board in reference to life diplomas
of the new issue, be granted in lieu there
of new diplomas of grade corresponding
to the diplomas surrendered:
Original granted— Mrs. Belle Flaherty. May
4. J8S8; Mary K. Hawley. April S. 18S9; Jessie I.
Kingr, June 13, 1S80: Frances Lewis, June 13.
1891: Mrs. A. H. Marquis, September 11, 1S91:
Elsie Tidd. April 13. 1S92.
The programme that followed the com
modore's address was Jmpromptu. Thera
were* guitar and mandolin selections by
Charles Neal and Charles Younghery. F.
A. Baldwin gave a recitation and the
Thelma quartet, hailing from the yacht
Thelma. rendered the Thelma melodies.
Between numbers yachting experiences
and stories were related by various mem
bers of the club.
To-morrow the last cruise of the year
will be led by Commodore Walter about
the bay. Returning the boats will hie
themselves to the mud flats and take off
their summer dress.
cruising and fun." said Commodore Wal
ter. "I hope the next season will be as
prosperous for us as this one has been.
We now have enrolled thirty-two yachts.
When the season commenced there wera
ma/iy less. There are more coming and
we may soon be the biggest yacht owning
trust this .aide of the ftockies."
OAKLAND. Oct. 20.— A "low jinks"
ce'ebration marked . the close of
the yachting season for the Cali
fornia Yacht Club this evening.
There was a big crowd of yacht-
Ing enthusiasts and their friends present
at the clubhouse in the estuary at th»
foot of Broadway. Most of the yachts
men flashed natty sailor suits of white
and blue, which made the atmosphere
quite nautical: American. and signal flags
served for decorations. The fun com
menced after 9 o'clock and threatened to
keep up with unabated fervor until morn-
Ing. A. M. Clay, president of the Pacific
Interclub .Yacht Association,, was present,
as the guest of Edwin L. Walter, com
modore of the California Yacht Club.
Both made addresses of welcome.
"This affair winds up- a long season of
COMMODORE EDWIN L. WALTER OF THE CALIFORNIA YACHT
CLUBi WHO PRESIDED AT THE LOW JINKS WHICH, MARKED
THE CLOSE OF THE NAUTICAL SEASON.
The glad hand extended . to you by - H.
Schellhaas, the furniture man, • Monday,
October 22, 9 a. m., corner Eleventh and
Franklin etrcets. - •
"Sapho," and .public Interest seems to be
on the increase as th» day draws nearer.
Thret? new. names ¦ of magnetic power
have been added to the programme. Mme.
Inez Carissl, the harpist; George Ham
mersmith, and Evc-rhart, surnamed the
"Great." have consented to appear to aid
sweet charity.
: As an ontertalner In character comedy
lints George Hammersmith is too well
known to. need any Introduction to a San
Francisco audience. He hat! some -sur
prises up his sleeve In the lau:rh-produring
"ine which ha will t-prlng on Tuesday aft
ernoon only. '
Mme. Caripsl Is a harpist of Interna
tional fame," and her act wll! be" sure to
delight the audience. Everhart has his
hoops, -which he will cause to perform
yet more, wonderful -feats when charity
lends Inspiration. ¦ .
C. L. Graff of New York announces that
he has arranged with Friedlander & Co.
of the Callforna, Theater, this city, for
another series of explanatory recitals at
the piano by Walter Damrosch. I
The dates selected for. the rectlalsu.
which are preliminary to the season of
German opera of which Mr. Damrosch
will be director, are, the afternoons of Oc
tober 31, * November 2. 5 and 7, and tho
works to be rendered are "Das Rhein
gold.".. "Die Walkure," "Siegfried" and
"Die Gotterdammerung."' The recitals
wl'.l afford many people an opportunity
to familiarize themselves with the works
of • the great German - master, Wagrner,
before witnessing the productions of:th<s
Metropolitan Company next month. ' •
The sale for season tickets for the , re
citals opens at the California' Theater to
morrow at 9 o'clock a. m. : .
ffhe Biggerstaff concert set for Tuesday
evening and the California Club benefit
In the afternoon are the two musicrl
events of Importance for next week. Mr.
Blggerstaff's programme offers rare In
ducement to the music lover, and as this
Is the first concert the pianist has giver,
rlncc his return from Paris and Berlin It
will attract u. large contingent. He will
be assisted by. Mrs. Sedgeley Reynolds.
Last but not least of the week's pro
grammes comes the concert of Miss
Relda, our clever Calif ornian soprano.
Not for many moons has so representa
tive an audience been gathered together
as that which greeted Miss Relda on Fri
day evening last at Snerman, Clay & Co.'s
hall, and not for many moons mere has an
audience been so well satisfied with its
entertainment.
Hut four years- ago Miss Relda was a
student in San Francisco, with tempera
ment and ambition, it Is true, but not ap
parently to any large distinction. To-day
she is an artist, with a highly cultivated
voice— flexible, fluty and dellclously limpid
and liquid tone-^-a reilned and spiritueile
manner, a complete impersonation of the
French musical . genius. Her shading ts
delicately beautiful and If one finds occa
sionally a little lack of climax'it Is always
with the feeling that the .power is some
where in reserve and will some time make
its appearance.' "Her* genius Is essentially
French, the Gallic spirit- being perfectly
interpreted. But one noticed the want of
simplicity and .breadth in the otherwise
most gracefully rendered German sontrs;
hut if we do not hear great things of Miss
Relda on some near to-morrow set me
down as no prophet. . . '.
The singer's best numbers . were the
"Shadow Dance" and th$ "Perle du Bre
sil." admirably given Jn «oncert with Mr.
Newbaur, the flautist.
• • •
The quartet was assisted In the Tschai
kowsky sextet by Charles Helnsen, sec
ond viola, and William Wert3ch, second
violoncello. '
Last Friday's, programme Included a
Tschaikowsky «extet of symphonic pro
portions, the "Souvenir de Florence,"
which was given with fine verve and sym
pathy. It was *he first time of hearing
in San Francisco, but the number is
doubtless destined to a considerable pop
ularity in the future. The first movement
Is rather difficult of an immediate grasp,
but seems to promise much to further
hearing. The slow movement, a duet for
violin and cello, .with a harplike accom
paniment for the other instruments, and
of a purely Italian character, is a charm
ingly graceful composition, with a con
moto intermezzo like the laugh of a thou
sand elves at the lovers' song, sung on
cello and violin. The third and fourth
movements, with their wild, barbaric
rhythms, somber undertones and broad
free movement show the spirit of the Slav
from beginning to end. "Us a great work.
The Bobzoni quartet is a graceful and
charming number, with a fanciful adagio
showing a delicate and luxuriant imag
ination.
Of course, as music essential, without
extraneous fascinations— literary, as in
songs; scenic -and sensuous, as in opera
and otherwise — chamber music necessar
ily appeals only, to a limited audience' and
Inevitably seems to Impose a certain mar
tyrdom upon its public exponents. But
the appreciation which is called out Is of
consolingly high character, and is usually
held to be a sufficient compensation—
luckily, for that is about the extent of
popular reward for the fine and sincere
artists who alone attempt this class of
musical work. The next Minettl concert,
given under the new conditions, is set for
December 14, and it is to be hoped thut
all lovers of chamber music will use their
best effort to make It the linancial success
it deserves to be. ¦
It is to.be heartily regretted that the
excellent series of chamber music con
certs inaugurated by Giulio Minettl should
seem in danger of dying out for lack of
support on the part of the public: at least
the founder intimates that they can only
be continued hereafter on a subscription
basis, to insure. against further losses of
the kind already incurred.
At a meeting of the West End Improve
ment Club of the Thirty-eighth Assembly
District held Friday evening a resolution
was adopted indorsing the nomination of
Bert Schlesinger as Assemblyman for the
Thirty-eighth District.- The club is com
posed of both .Republicans and Demo
crats. A committee was appointed to pro
mote the candidacy of Mr. Schlesinger.
tone, both members of the club, took ef
fective part.
Schlesinger Indorsed.
Mrs. Birmingham, who assisted the club
In Its efforts, gave the interesting 'song
cycle of Von Fielltz. "Ellland." and was
heartily applauded for her conception and
rendering of tbe picturesque composition.
Another very pleasing number was "On
the Rhine" of Kucken's, a duet for bary
tone and tenor with chorus, in which J.
F. Veaco. tenor, and H. E. Medley, bary.
"The Warrior's Prayer" (Lachner)j "Rose
and Bird" (Schindmoyer); solo. "Group of
Sonps." "Ellland" (Von Fielltz); "On th»
Rhine" (Kucken); "Like the Woodland Rraes"
(Mair); "Mornln* Greeting" (Adam): Antigon«
No. 1— chorus No. 1 (Mendelssohn);. "The Young
Musicians" (Kucken): «olo. "The Uell" (Saint-
Saexus): "Hall, Thou Vintage" (Buck); - "Re
membrance" <Bun*ert); "Hail. Hall to Sons"
(HartunR). '
On the same evening an excellent pro
gramme was rendered by. the Lorlng Club
at the first concert of the twenty-fourth
season, held at Native Sons' -Hall under
the direction of David Loring. Several
new compositions were rendered by the
chorus, the work of which is, as utual
characterized by the same careful atten
tion to detail, attack, phrasing and sbad-
Inp which has distinguished it In- past
seasons. The programme given was -as
follows: >
On Thursday evening little Seta Stew
art. a child-pianist and pupil of William
Pluttl. made her first appearance in pub
lic at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Hall and in
spite cf very evident nervousness created
a quite favorable Impression upon her au
dience. Her work shows good schooling.
a capacity for serious study and a consid
erable natural talent, perhaps even
amounting to genius. She has a pretty
delicate touch, a fluent technique, a light'
fine tone, a little lacking in strength
however, and while there were wrong
notes a-plenty throughout the rather am
bitious programme It was easily seen to
be the result of unaccustomed surround
ings. The little girl -s 12 years old now
and her next appearance Is* looked for
ward to with Interest. Among the num
bers on the programme perhaps the most
satisfactorily given were the Beethoven
sonata (op. 14, No. 1). the Wagner-LIz3t
"Spinning Song." which was rendered In
picturesque fashion, and the Wollenhaura
"Le Dernier Sourlre."
Mrs. Birmingham's numbers, which in
cluded "La Cloche" of Saint Saer.s "Don
pelganger" of Schubert and Brahms and
Wagner songs, were given with the
warmth and finish which distinguish the
work of this clever lady. Mr. Weiss did
excellent service in the Pratt trio, which
is a scholarly and rather graceful com
position. Mr. Maurer's accompaniments to
the violin were a little lacking: in discre
tion, the piano part frequently over
weighting the rather light tone of the vio
lin, but his work shows temperament,
spirit, color and a fine rhythmic sense
and In the accompaniments to the voice
left nothing to be desired.
The Hother Wlsmer affair, which came
first, opened the programme In auspiclouj
fashion on Tuesday evening with a violin
and song recital in which Mr. Wismer
was assisted by Mrs. J. E. Birmingham,
Arthur Weiss and Fred Maurer.
The young violinist is; to be congratulat
ed on a steady progress to a high artistic
Ideal. His work possesses a certain deli
cate distinction, the classic air. and is
further characterized by a delightfully
pure tone, true Intonation ana an easy
and refined execution. It lacks somewhat
In color, climax and authority, but these
are the faults of youth and will doubtless
vanish with the coming years. Mr. V.'is
mer's rendering of the favorite Mendels
sohn concerto was most pleasing, the last
movement especially «-*iowing a remark
able grace and fluency of execution. He
also gave the Gade sonata in D minor,
the Spanish Dance — No. 8. of Sarasate.
and took part in a trio for piano, violin
and cello by a. local composer, John Har
raden Pratt.
The week last past -ras unusually rich
in musical interest, no less than half a
dozen important concerts and recitals be
ing on the list.
In "The Mayor of Plymouth Rock," a
comic opera of most ambitious plan, re
quiring eighteen principals, a chorus of
forty and an orchestra numbering sixty
members for its interpretation, the next
t.ast«-r:i season will hear the latest prod
uct of Mr. Kuttner's genius. The opera
will be given in New York under the F.
C. Whitney management and will be one
of the most Important productions of its
class that will be heard next season.
ner was for some time conductor of the
American Opera Company when that or
ganization was presenting operas in their
entirety, with the grand ballet!". He was
also conductor of the Dorothy Morton
Opera Company, two seasons ago, and
conducted the German Comic Opera Com
pany at New York, seasons of 1SS4-S5: also
the first production— under F. C. Whit
ney's management— of "A Greek Slave" at
Daly's Theater last season, the Sydney
Jones' opera, which is creating so great
a furor in Berlin at the present time.
Mr. Kuttner also conducted the first pro
ductions of "The Black Hussar" and "The
Beggar Student" that were given In
America and has introduced numberless
other operas to their first audiences.
greater scenic splendor and hisrh-class
incidental music. The latter distinction
will hardly be warrant for surprise, when
It is understood that Alfred J. Kuttner.
formerly capellmeister at the Court
Theater. Weimar. Germany (to the Duke
of Meiningen), and a conductor and com
poser of high reputation, is in charge of
the aforesaid musical programme.
Perhaps Mr. Kuttner Is most familiarly
known to San Francisco as the composer
of "The Evil Eye." which ran so long and
joyfully at the Tivoll during the last sea
son, and this is but bne of his many
claims to operatic distinction. Mr. Kutt-
ONE of the most interesting and
remarkable productions in that
class of musical composition
known as programme music is
the Berlioz "Symphonie Fantas
tique." in which tbe composer attempts to
translate the weird dreams of a despair
ing lover, who has sought relief In death
by a poisonous draught. The opiate fails
of its purpose, hut throws him into a pro
found stupor. Jn -which beautiful and
frightful visions possess him with all the
sweetness and terror of rea'.ity. The
symphony i« divided into five parts,
"Dreams and Passions." "The Ball." "A
Scene in the Fields." "March to the Scaf
fold" ar.d "The Witches' Sabbath."
As to thfl murirai riphteourness or t:n
rfghteousnoss of the attempt to express in
rausio even the inta?igible momentary
realities of dnair.s. to express t>y entirely
subjective n-wiins even apparent objective
r>r.!:T!fs. that is another question, but it
will be granted that 'tis a brave attempt
Bt the impo.srible and perhaps even the
ur-d*^irab:*>. that M. Eerlioz has essayed
;n "The Synphcnif Kanta?t!que."
Fcr the concert at the Tivoli on Thurs
day next Mr. Hirschfeld wi!l have at his
command an orchestra cf sixty of the
most competent musicians that San
Francisco can rupp'.y. All the necessary
instruments are represented and the body
of tone will be amply sufficient to fill the
hall. Altogether u very satisfactory ren
dition of the interesting programme
should be given.
The latest production of "Quo Vadls."
at tbe Columbia Theater, has been dis-tln
gnished from many predecessors by Its
ALFRED J. KTrTTN'ER, FORMERLY CAPELL.MEISTER OF THE COUftT
THEATER. WEIMAR, NOW IX CHARGE OF MUSICAL, PROGRAMME
OF -QUO VADIS" PERFORMANCE AT TH5 COLUMBIA THEATER.
Registrar W:i1sh has turned over the
matter of alleged frauds practiced in the
signing of the petition to place the ordi
nance licensing pool-selling on sporting
I contests to District' Attorney Byington.
I That official declares that he will present
j the case to th-2 Grand Jury at its next
session. ShouM there be sufficient evi
'dence that any of the signatures to the
monster petition were forged indictments
will surely follow. Byington will lend
every assistance to tbe Grand Jury In its
investigation.. ' r
Grand Jury Will Investigate.
All Arrangements Are Complete and
v the Ladies Are Confidently
Awaiting Tuesday After
noon's Triumph.
As the matinee to be given at the Or
pheum next Tuesday, by the ladies of the
California Club willbe no ordinary mati
nee, so the ushers will be no ordinary
ushers. Twenty-two of San Francisco's
most charming young ladies gowned in
snowy white will show the members of
the audience to their seats and see that
all those entering the big house are com
fortably placed. Miss Eugenie Brown.
Miss Sara Van Winkle and Miss Beatty
will be the head ushers.
Final arrangements are now about com
pleted and all that is left to do is to wait
until the curtain rolls up on the big mati
nee. Tickets are selling like copies of
CERTIFICATES
FOR TEACHERS
Board of Education Passed
on Credentials of Ap
plicants..
Manuscript of the Keyes School His
tory, Which Has Cost $3500,
Found Worthless and to
Be Abandoned.
Normal School Diplomas.
Jeannette Armstrong, Los Angele*. . :
Lllah Bell, Santa Can; Laura ' L. Bennett.
Santa. Clara. ' •
Augustlna May Clark, Marin ; Leila E. Clark,
Santa.' Clara;: Sophie K. . Claus. Santa Clara.;
Ida Bell Clay, Loa Anreles; • Ella Cothran,
Santa Clara: B«iBle - Coady. Trinity; H. H.
Couchman, Loa Angeles.
¦ Wllhelmlna Denny. Santa . Clara.
i Lor* Emery. s Alameda. • • -
' Frank Fanning, Los Angeles; Florence 8aa~
Margaret BalUe. San Francisco; Levlno.
Baker, Merced: Caroline M. Uarron, San
Francisco; Edith M. Blaisdell, Contri.
Costa: Lottie L. Breese, Amador; Alice
K Brittan, Putter: Edna Cadwalader, San
Francisco; Margaret A. Conroy. Nevada
City; Cora M. Davis, El Dorado: Mary
Davis, Sutter; V. Esther Devan. recommended
by the Amador County Board: May E. Devln«,
ban Francisco: Jennie M. Deyo. Los Angeles;
Edward Dolland, Los Angeles; Jessie P. Doty,
Alameda: Myrtle E. Fuller Doiler, Shasta;
Frances U Ellerhorst, Contra Costa; Josephine
Enslcn Lcs Angeles; Minerva Ferguson. Lake;
W. A. Fowler, Riverside; Sarah L. Gallagher,
Calaveras; Ida Grafe, Solano: Arthur E, Grant.
Madera; Janet Gresg, Lake: Glen'G. Harter.
Sutter; L. F. • Harvey, Orange; Elizabeth G.
Ha»Iam Santa Cruz; A»:m W. Henderson,
Ventura; Jennie E. Hogan, San Joaquln; M.
O. Holt, Placer; S. Josephine Holyer. Santa
Cruz; Lucy B. Hornbeck, Los Angeles; Jessie
B. Jones, Calaveras: Lottie Keltlng, Lake;
Nellie 'Kenevan. Santa Barbara; Stella Keys,
Orange: Mary Agnes Kenevan, Santa Barbara;
May Evans Larkln, recommended by the Butte
County Board; Eva C. Larrison, El Dorado;
Gertrude Lelahd, Santa Barbara; Nellie . W.
Levings, San. Lui« Obispo; Matilda A.
Levy, ¦ San Francisco; • Guy Livingston,
San" Luis Obispo; , Nellie B. Loveland,
Riverside; Grace W.\ Lyons. Santa Barbara;
Jane Arnold Macauley, San Francisco; Anna
,L. Martin, Orange; Lillie Martin, Riverside ;
Marie' L. Masson, Humboldt; Tennle Mathews.
San Luis Obispo; Frank M. May, Contra
Costa: Frank . J. Miller. Santa Barbara:
Joseph ' C. . Miller. . Santa ' Barbara; Kate
McAualin. Sutter; Julia A. McCarthy, Placer;
Agneg I. McCarty, El Dorado: Minnie McCon
nell. San Luis Obispo; A. L. • McCulloch. Yuba;
Mary. McHarry, Contra Costa; Fannie F. Mc-
Keehari. j Riverside: Dora L. McNelll, Mendo
clno; Eva.' L.' McPhall, Santa Barbara.
; Cynthia L. Nason, Colusa; Elbert ' Ellery
Newell. Santa Clara; Ida Norton. Sonoma.
•Lilian B. O'Neil, San Francisco; Marion A.
Orcutt, Calavcras; Eva L. Owens, Mendoclno.
Jesslfe'A. Parkman. recommended by the
Santa Clara County Board: Ida A.' Parry, Trin
ity; Louise Pfau,: San Luis Obispo; A. D.
Phares,; Humboldt: Richard White Powell, San
Joaquln; Helen G. Pruitt, San Bernardino;
Grace Purdy, Santa "• Cruz; Elwood Putman,
Colvsa. ;
Annie W. Qulnn, San Francisco.
Agnes i M. Raab, Amador; MItto B." Rawlea,
Mendoclno: Alice C. Reid, Santa Cruz; Irma
Rhodes, Santa Cruz; Eleanor J. : Rogers, Los
Angeles; Ztlda M. , Rogers, Ventura.
Mazie Sawtelle. : : Placer: Katherine Shoupe,
Los Angeles; James Slaven, San Benito; Effle
Edith Smith, San Francisco; ; ; Estelle Burr
Smith, Los Angeles: Ethel Stone, San Diego.
Mildred A. Thomas, Los Angeles; W. C.
Twlss. Lob Anceles. • ;
-J.W. Utter. Mendoclno.
Mary Vignaut, El Dorado; Florence E. Vote,
Calaveras.
John Wakefleld, recommended by the El Do
rado . County Board ; Anna A. ,Webb. . Contra
Costa; Angle Hendrix j.Webater. Santa. Clara:
M. Angle Webster, Contra Costa; Setta AVeis-
Berber, Placer r Ada ; M. White, Santa Cruz;
E. M. White, Modoc; Adorno A. Whitman, Riv
erside; Margaret Williams, Yuba; Theodora
Willis, -Sacramento. ¦
Educational Grammar School.
SUan E. Coleman, Los Angeles; Frederic L.
Osenburg, Riverside; Robert G. Stackable,
Santa Cruz; W. A. Wright, Sutter.
K. 'K. Ofrden, Merced.
Vlrlam A. Patterson, San DIejjo; SI. R.
Pendleton, Los Angeles; Alice Pepper, San
Joaquln; Sudle E. Phillips, Los Angeles; Mrs.
Ida Plaistridcc, Tulare; Mrs. G. Annie Pratt,
Slsklyou; Clara May Preston, Los Angeles. :
Agnes G. Regan. San Francisco: Annie Rey
nolds. Los Angeles; Flora Rosenfeld. San Fran
clsco; A. C. Roussin, Del Norte.
Mcbel F. Sankey, San Francisco; Vernon E.
Shlnn, Lake; Mary A. Smith. San Francisco;
Susie M. Smith. Sonoma: Flora R. Smyth, Ala
meua; Anna S. Spreckels, San Francisco: H.
G. Squler, Santa Clara: Christine M. Stack,
San Francisco; James Newton Stewart, Loa
Angeles; Janet K. Storrie, recommended by
the Alameda County Board; Nellie Sullivan,
San Francisco.
Mrs. Jane C. Talbot, Los Angeles; Belle P.
Throop. San Joaquin; I. P. Thurston. Loa An
geles; Nettle Trovlnger, Santa Cruz.
C. \V,. Ward. Sutter: Robert J. Willard, Sls
klyou: Mrs. M. Wlrt, Sonejma; Lulu Monaghna,
Lob Anreles.
George A. Young, San Bernardino.
Educational High School.
Pauline Langstadtcr, San Francisco; Grace
E. Law ley. Lake; M. V. Lehner, banta Bar
bara; Bertha Edna Leeds, Marin: Annette J.
Leonard, Alameda; Nellie W. Levings, San
Luis Oblspo; William Henry Linderman, Los
Ang«Ies; Isabel Ltsco, San Diegu; Mary F.
Lorigan," San Francisco; Anna A. Love.
¦ Swab. H. Macauley, San Francisco; Joseph
ine. Maxwell, Los Angeles; Belle Peyran May
dwell. Sacramento: Rebecca S. Mayo, Sonoma;
Maud M. Metcalf, Kern; Ella Morris. San Joa
quin; Mary S. Murphy, Los Angeles; W. H.
Myers. Shasta; Miss A. F. McDonnell, recom
mended ' »y • the San Francisco County Board;
Jessie - D. '. F. McGown, San Mateo.
Ruth Nelson, San Luis Obispo; Elizabeth E.
Niles, Los Angeles; Kathryn T. Nunan, San
Francisco. -
Susie Haas, .San Francisco; Marion H. Har
ris, Riverside; Edith W. Hayes, recommended
by the Merced County Board; Lillian D. Hazen,
Los Angeles; Jennie L. ' Heap, Los Angeles;
Atlas T. Hembree, Sonoma: Jennie Hensley,
Mendoclno; Eliza F. Hlgglns. Santa Clara;
Edward Hughes, San Joaquln; Bertha R.-Hunt,
Los Angeles; Elmer T. Ingham, Los Angeles;
Bertie C. Jensen, San Benito; Daisy G. Jesse,
San Francisco: Josephine I. Kean, San Fran
cisco.
Tillle M. Gallagher. Calaveras; Dolly A.
Curst, Riverside; Mrs. Nellie H. Alcock Geer,
Ventura; Clara U Gray, San Diego; Jessie, C.
Grow, Los Angeles; Clara G. Gulling, Sutter.
Josephine Flemmlng, San Francisco.
Marlon E. Karle, San Francisco; Emma Wil
son Edwards, Los Angeles; Clara M. Evans,
Mad era.
Elmor Ellsworth Dana, Santa Barbara; Wil
liam Stoddert Dearing, Orange; Minnie Dlppel,
Placer: Maiie F. d'Or, Alameda.
Grace Campbell, recommended by the Ala
meda County Board; Mary M. Campbell, Ala
meda: M. Harriet Canfield, Los Angeles; Gay
lord H. Chllcote. Lob Angeles: Mrs. H. A. Bar
nett Churchman.' Sonoma; Delia Clayburgh,
San Francisco; Agnes J. Conolly, San Fran
cisco; Abeona Gregor Crook, Humboldt; Mar
garet Isabel Crowley, San Francisco; Alice J.
dishing, Los Angeles.
Life Dinplomas High School.
G. W. lleattie, recommended by the Ban Ber
nardino County Board; Mrs. Aima M. Daley,
San Bernardino; Emily J. Hamilton, Alameda;
Florence N.. Hamilton, Alameda; Susan Myra
Klngsbury, Kan Francisco; Kranceu L. UMeara,
Sonoma; Catharine E. Wilson. San Francisco.
Life Diplomas Grammar School.
William's 1 . Aggeler, Santa Clara; Rae Alex
ander, San Francisco; Carrie W. Atkinson, Los
Angeles; Lydia Atterbury, Alameda.
Annie H. Babcock, Mendoclno; Frederick
Guernsey Batrd, San Francisco; Marion K.
Barnes, Sonoma; Kate S. Batty, ,Los Angeles;
Minnie S. Baxter, Los Anneies; Benjamin G.
Bleasdale, Los Angeles; Minnie R. bley, San
Francisco; L. Georgia Bradshaw, Santa Clara;
Hannah"" Burke, San Mateo; Elizabeth Butler,
San Francisco.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 20.— The State
Board of Education met »t the Capitol
to-day and unanimously agreed to aban
don the Keyes manuscript for a grammar
grade "History of the United States,"
which has already cost the State the sum
of $3500. The Keyes manuscript of a
primary, school history may also be aban
doned, the board at to-day's session hav
ing referred to a committee, consisting of
President Benjamin Ide "Wheeler and Pro
fessor E. E. Brown, the advisability of
reconsidering the vote by which the
manuscript tor that history was adopted.
President Wheeler said he had ex
amined the Keyes manuscript for the
grammar grade history In the hope that
he could find something in it which
would, make It useful in- the public
schools, but had not succeeded. He re
garded it as- in no sense a history, and
moved not to recommend it to any private
firm for printing, much less to advise the
State to use it as one of Its text books.
It was decided to suspend for one month
the life ' diploma . of J. O. Cromwell of
Sonoma County for unprofessional con
duct In having permitted collusion among
pupils in their studies.
The applications of Knox and Lombard
colleges of Gettysburg-, 111, for accrediting
power, were rejected. The board before
adjournment awarded the following cer
tificates to teach:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Young Lady Ushers :. and
Clever Performers Will ¦
Help Entertain.
CALIFORNIA
CLUB'S MATINEE
Leaves Home October 12 to Visit His
Lawyer in San Francisco and
Has Not Been Seen
¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. &>.
Manuel Souza Bettencourt, a prosperous
farmer of Moraga Valley, has disappeared
as completely as if the ground had opened
up and swallowed him. Since October 12,
when he left home ostensibly on a busi
ness trip to San Francisco, his family has
not heard from him, and Mrs. Bettencourt
has begun to fear that her husband has
met with foul play. Friends of the family
across the bay who have been communi
cated with have not seen or i heard from
the missing rancher, and this heightens 1
the wife's belief that he has met with
some injury.
Manuel Bettencourt, the 18-year-old son
of the missing man, reported to Sheriff
Rogers this afternoon the fact of his
father's- disappearance and asked the as
sistance of the authorities in locating him.
"Father left home a week ago yester
day," said the boy. "He told us he was
going to Ban Francisco to see a lawyer
about some land trouble and would be
back the next morning. He carried enough
money with him to pay his expenses, but
I think no more. We know of no enemies
he might have had. as the trouble over
the land is of a trivial nature.
"Alter waiting for father's return until
to-day we made up our minds to report
the case to the Sheriff. It is possible he
may have been struck on the head on the
lonely road and after being robbed rolled
down a ravine. Then he initrht have met
with an accident after reaching San Fran
cisco."
Bettencourt is one of the best known
Portuguese farmers of Moraga Valley,
where he has lived for over twenty years.
He is 4S years of age and has a wife n.nd
three children. The missing man is tall,
heavy set and wears a full black beard.
Manuel Souza Bettencourt
Drops Completely Out
MORAGA VALLEY
FARMER MISSING
THE r SAN FBANCISCO- CALIi, , STJNDA Y, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
An Orchestra of Sixty Will Play at
tjhe Coming Symphomy Concert.
SOME STRAINS AND NOTES
FROM THE MUSIC WORLD
LOW JINKS MARKS CLOSE
OF THE YACHTING SEASON
California Club Eeteirtatas Fnemds
Wittih Somgs aed Stories.
• ' •
* • *
25
WILL HAVE CHARGE OF THE
USHERS «. AT CALIFORNIA
CLUB MATINEE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"CALTHOS"
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed M&!! To AH Sufferers.
llpgM^g NO C. 0. 0. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
WmWzMBSldmlia^ The only preparation known to science which reany
wS&&ti*tPiaMB£§&i jf^+*. cure* Lost Manhood is " CALTHOS," the marreloui
E^^^r^^^^a <&^& French remedy discovered by Prof. Jules Laborde. It i$
aFS&BwtiS^SSSSs («'->_ k controlled in this country by The Von Mohl Company, of
SgiiJw^^^S^J^Si / ,i s r Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which occupie3 a high and
HK4aEK : X?f}K\iS!s3aSca /I x_v T honorable place in the world of medicine. It is one of the
HOTS'HSffi^&AiepSS^ K larsest-and most responsible houses in Cincinnati a»
S^=!p(«?S?^v ! ;Sr -^vj jfC anyone who is acquainted in that city will testify.
P!S$!w A - "7h r Th r e Vo °, M « hl Company Inrites all men •afferiat
Wv^^MMW /[ //A from Manhood. Bpermatorrhcea, Varicocele. Small
fSrwS-T^KT -/v^i*^-^. If S Parts or Weakness of »ny nature in the Xerxes or Sexnal
V&t&iSwi&l J&ZLxt.^wl I I Organs, to »end their namei and receive a five days' treat*
JftW$WJ A&S&iSa //ill "j. e ?.V.»T«i2^U P 10 ;* thc wonderful vitalizing powers
rte$8F $&$Wl/l of 'CALTHOS." After using it five days the iufferers
SSESS-'ij \^af^^V///i ' wlU fiad acw vl K°r their organs, new force is their
B8tV'5W'l nSlV-^ / * \\ lauides, new blood in their veins, new ambition, and
lESSKTa V&r-C"-^-^* rapid progress towcrd the buoyant feelings and sensa.
HgOH^fn fgi'T/j % A tions of younger days.
SwP?S\ "W \l 1 A it T j? i9 Iiberal fr =« offer Is genuine. There is no iwiad.
JfflK&%:\ \f \\ //. HnffCO.D.of Deposit Scheme connected with it. The five
j§H^.%:A \ \ I // days' treatment is sent by sealed mall to all on request
HBiB8S5S» : ft. '^S II) wrapped in a plain package, and full printed instructions
H&fc^-tttlNoM I J \ accompany the medicine, so that each patient becomes
Kei^Vt'^K9 " ** 1 m\Mt own doctor aad cu res himself at home.
l$fe$?i$£w« A W II do^sa't make tay difference vrhat caused th'; weak*
Ea»*Srftffl- r- - ig±--^ ncss-whether bad habits in youth, or excess, or over-
mSS-tv^'^am HA ' \ work, or business troubles. ''CALTrlOS" will «ffect a
MBSwvJH E^ \ ° tJre ' n ° m>lUer what bi « name the disease may be calle4
K(^*V^^« j^A I The Von Mohl Company treat3 all correspondence la
Sm^t^SS iPfiKvi 1 perfect confidence. Under no conditions will it make
BfwF'WflFaS .f&M&c'ft I public the names of the thousands who have written tes-
Ryfev'fe-'-V.fSgay * /MSBZb'iA 1) timonial3 telling of their restoration to robust manhood
fjPSffift'v.vfeffS? d&Sliki'f'ir I after other medicines and appliances have proved worta-
KftwWJSl A l= s s- "CALTHOS" is regularly used in the French and
KSSJHt^WI Ktoa I t German armies, and the soldiers in tho.«e countries have
Eftb*&S9M K&tn I ZB- come to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Cores
M-^M M m&ml £!& f re efle <^ed at all a?es (rr>m twenty to eighty years. Thero
BB?.v-Bs 3 gffiw /V-'K' I s no case (except whert the stage of epilepsy or Insanity
HKg : 3HMl WgW (Wk has been reached) which 1 • will not radically, quickly and
VJtll fl Hi k. \ rfK Permanently cure. Sezi »1 weakness does not cure itself.
JS&S^^l I \ V^4«K^a*v i. £ row3 worse from wee >, to week. Each day aggravates
ffl]E|| I \ tae mental and physical afguish. -
VM^i ' «. « Send today for the C« five days* trial treatment." If it
. '¦'-'-' \*"~ • helps yon, more of the ft.-dicine can be purchased. If It
*^ l l? t ," dR ', ll ? ht 2 ll . l f *Sf £ n £ n* money hM been paid o*t Yoa can «end your name la
the full knowledge th*t It will be kept from all. The •• CAL1 W* " department of our business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treatn***, etc., to
THE VON MOHL COMPANY. 232 B. (^ciMatU.0.f»riS^
Surgical- Operations; for Cure of Files
Discarded by Best Medical
' w- -Authorities. , -
A promltient'orlflclal .surgeon says: It Is
the duty ot' every surgeon; to avoid .an
operatlon.'if -possible to euro in any other
way. ; This is. especially -true-In the treat-
ment of piles and rectal' troubles, because
such operations are-attended with excru-
ciating pain and serious danger to, life by
collapse of the nervo.us system.
Furthermore, operations for piles are
often unsuccessful and always very ex-
pensive. -• . ' ' '. / '.
The most advanced physicians now rise
and recommend the use of astringents,
combined: wllh healing oils of vegetable
extraction,, an"d administered In ; supposi-
tory form. The moat widely, used and best
known •remedy- of -this character is the
Pyramid Pile Cure, sold by druggists
everywhere. This pile cure contains ; no
cocaine, ;: no . I opiate. - no ¦*'¦ poisonous drug-
whatever, and & single 50-cent package In
some Instances has cured cases of several
years' standing.
The harmless acids.' astringents and oils
contained in the Pyramid Pile Cure cause
the blcod ¦ vessels . and ¦ congested < veins | to
contract to a '¦ natural ; condition , the 11 ttle
tumors are absorbed and the cure is made
without pain, Inconvenience or detention
from daily occupation. •;*. ,
Being in ~ suppository form it can- be
carried : in . the -. pocket, always ', ready for
use. ¦ . ' . . ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ - ¦¦ . ¦ : . - ¦ : - •¦''¦ : ' ¦:•¦ • v
: Ointments, salves ? and , pills sometimes
relieve- piles, but they do not cure.,
- The safest -and surest way < to cure any
form of piles.' Itching,' bleeding or protrud-
ing, is to use the Pyramid Pile. Cure.
Full sized packages at all drug stores,
BO cents. ' ' :
. A book on cause and cure of piles mailed
free by addressing ¦ Pyramid » ¦ I>ruc » Oo. ,'
Marshall. Mich. w
UNNECESSARY/AND DANGER-
-:j ; r OUS. ;
f — I —I. ¦II,,.-. I .11 —¦ .lir., |,
m i$0? : W^l&m i
?15 H*r1ter St. S.F. Shattnck Av. Berkelc j
(nix £ WaaTx^n. Uak CcntrsJ Ave, A1sct*n!&
7th & XVood.^aL-. £'J 1st Street, Sxn Joee.
Elgin Creamery Butter
Kg-ia :8 world T\rxi-in/1 /»>o
knofmforit. pOUtlQ 2 0 C
bcrter. Q&ality is more than
eqatl to the *;::*tt C*lif oma cream-
erlea. Price le far below.
3!ci:day aod Tuwdar.
New Era Butter
FanrycrearQcry. c O nare A ?P
2Cewchcni«d. s 4 udIC 4J 1 -
Monday an<» Tuesday.
Tepee Soap 15 bars 25c
I«o r**n:!uni. ICo »-L«aes.
All your money's worth of soap
quality, made by Cnddahy, Oxnsba,.
New Black Figs pound 5c
ScV^t quality. For the health
, of the young' and old.
'TJorrell's" Eureka Hams
Cured and ,vxm«/1 t^i/p
. •moked in low*. pOUHa I2/2C
Small tile— 10 to li pounds eacb.
Java and Costa Rico
Coffee pound 25c
Onr "ct blend. With «rength
and flavor constincd. it will suit
the mor-t c-ntical tasto. We use
no catch -penny r/-hesn*» to sell our
coffee. They sell on their merit.
Guckenheimer Rye
Whiskey bottle 75c
Once you tasto it A n7( > u Cj? no
yon vili au.u.e it ClOZeil JO.UU
your favoi ju> whi^Vey— if yoa
Iks rye flavor. Bejs ular *1 .ftl.
Pure Grape Brandy
c okin-. von gallon 5>i-/o
want it for your mince m«»£t. and
j-ou wtict it i*ure aud good. B*?g. St.M
Swedish (Arraks) Punch
LindcrctjV U ni 4.1 ~ e T - r
Aflo-.rf-rjorthe DOltie ?I-25
noeo— * d^luacy for the palat** —
an eliiir Hor tee etomnch. It is as
l'legsant todrisk alone, as together
with coffee or miucral waters.
Old Crow Whiskey
Guaranteed seanine*. r , rkr f1 A orr
Rtffukr51i>. DOttie O^C
Crawford's Scotch Whis-
key or Encore bot$i.oo
Er ¦.•«•] iti-iii.^v pure, and a
eafe stimulant. Reg. 51.W.
T«K>Ie Claret gallon 25c
rrom Los Ccrrltos vineyard.
IBM Vintage. Eegular 40c.The engagement la announced of Miss
iVira Conn, sifter of. Mrs. M. M. Foder,
t.i Samuri Goldstein of El Rio, Cal.
Mrs. I-. Doyehert announces the enßage
irent of her daughter. Dr. Krnestlne r>oy
chcrt. to Dr. William R. J. Boyes. They
The engagement has been announced of
Miss Ada Bell Jewett, eldest daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Philo D. Jewett of this city,
to E. Willard Burr, son of Mr. and Mrs.
C. C Burr and prandson of the late E.
W. Burr of this city.
Mr. and Mrs. Simon Baruch announce
the enpapjement of their daughter Caro
lyn to Sol Schweitzer. At home, €57
Harrison street. Sumiay afternoon, No
vember 11. from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Thsy're Engaged.
I>. Milliken. Philip Heucr. Charles M.
Flckert. Charles E. Peso!!. Hupo Herzer,
James Levensaitr, Frank Krull, Fred R.
Sherman, Joseph T. Grace.
WEDDING bells stirred the quiet
of the past week, socially con
:idered. This week several de
lightful but small affairs will
¦occupy the attention of the
rweH seL
Mr. and Mrs. Clarrnre Mann have sent
nut card? for a reception and musicale to
lie given at t!vlr residence, 3414 Washing
ton street, on Thursday evenir.p, October
3L Professional ta'er.t ha? been engaged
for this pleasant event.
One of the most brilliant and enjoyable
pathoriiißs of the past week was the
opor.irm assembly and' Rerraan of the
eleventh reason r>f the Entre Nous Cotil
lon on Friday evening at the Pa!acs
Hotel. The half and reception rooms were
tastefully decorated in palms, flaps, ferns
itrd buntlns. Six pretty and novel figures
SOCIETY
Of the ptrraan were given under the
leadership of Sanford G. Lewald. assisted
by MiFS Belle Herzer. The ladies were
fill handsomely attired and the scene dur
ing- the cotillon was a brilliant one. Those
•participating: In the leading set were:
Misses Lillian I.ubben. Cora Kelsey. Ade
laide Samuels. May McDonald. Caal Gil
bert. Doris H<»uer, May Ludlow, Irene
McuppdorfTer. Gladys Bebzelle. May Mor
ris. Elisabeth Baker, Linda Priber. Kthel
Way. Sadie Ludlow. Dr. and Mrs. Frank
L. Platt. Mr. arid Mrs. James Thomson:
M^s?r?. Fred \V. Berger. Dr. Edmond
K*>efTe. George Hendry. Herman Herzer.
Alphor.e Putter. James T. Ludlow. Arthur
Me'jssciorffcr. Philip J. Eisenmann. Dr. J.
On Tuesday evening, October 11, Mrs.
S. F. Bernig, who is visiting her mother,
Mrs. Galehbuse. of 2319 Howard street,
was the recipient of a very pleasant sur
prise.
A pleasant birthday party was tendered
to Miss Emily Reinecke at the residence
of her parents. 1016 Hush street, Sunday
evening:. October 7. Among those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Ernest W. Reinecke.
Miss Emily Reinecke, Mr. and Mrs. Sam
uel Guthrle and Mrs. M. Ott of Cambria.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Osment. Miss Edna
Osment, Mrs. G. C. Rawson, Mrs. F. Stan
ley Proctor. Miss Ange Mlholovich, Miss
M. Webster, Miss R. Nathanson, Miss
Fleeta Rawson, Miss Bessie Gore, Miss
Lulu Rawson, Mrs. L. P. Johnson, Miss
Beatrice Tevls. Vincent Mlholovich,
George Barrows, E. 'Alderson, Z. P.
Smith, C. C. Culberson. Al Moore and Jo
seph Hall of the battleship lowa, Leonard
Rawson, Russell Alderson, -F. Newman
and P. Bishop.
A social and musical entertainment was
given to Miss Leila Borneque by her
friends at 813 Oak street last Thursday
evening. Those present were: Dr. Ira
G. Morris, Dr. S. Schaefer, A. Reinhart,
Albert Hess, Louisa Borneque, Edith
Kern. Marion Hess, Theresa Hess, Mrs.
Dr. Harris, Mrs. Borneque,* Mrs. Corbly.
A very pleasant ¦ evening was spent at
the residence of Miss Maybelle Hessler,
729 Ellis street, on October 14. . The affair
was in honor of the approaching depart
ure of George Ducker for Japan. The
evening was devoted to music, dancing
and games. Among those present were:
Miss Mabel Casey, Miss Minnie Lindner,
Miss Beatrice Kelly, Miss Lottie Lindner,
Miss Frieda Hessler. Miss Maybelle Kel
ly, Miss Maybelle Hessler, George Duck
er, Will Spears, Harvey Smith. Will Hess
ler, Elmer Dutcher, Clarence Hessler,
A most enjoyable "progressive domino
party" was held at the residence of Miss
Patience V. Cooke, 3413 Twentieth street,
on last Thursday evening. Favors, were
awarded to Miss Edith West and Harold
Shelton. The consolation prize went to
Miss Ethel McKay. The following en
joyed the evening's festivities: Mrs.
Mary W. Jennings, Mrs. Williams. Miss
Nellie E. Gillespie. Miss *"dith H. West,
Miss Jennie Klose Williams. Miss Violet
V.. Arthur, Miss Juliette Pierson, 'Miss
Trances Eldridge, Miss Marian Kupp,
Miss Lemma Williams, Miss Mai R.
Cooke, Miss Maude Wentworth, Miss Pa
tience V. Cooke, Miss Ethel McKay of
Ross Valley. Stanley C. Arthur, WaJter J.
Bishop, Charles E. Culberson, Dan Gard
nei Cooke, Zannie P. Smith, Harold S.
frhelton, Rodney D. Shelton, Dr. William
M. Tryon, James A. Lindsay, Ernest Mc-
Kee, Louis Hough, Burton H. Eldridge
and Tecumseh P. Sherman of Alameda.
A reception was tendered Miss Frieda
Niemann September 30 at the residence of
Miss P. Herttng in honor of her return
lrom Europe. The evening was pleasantly
spent In singing, dancing and games. Sup
per was served at midnight, then dancing
vas resumed until a late hour.
A surprise party vas tendered Alfred
Sylvester by a number ot his youiiß
friends Saturday evening. October 13, at
his residence. 1537 Seventeenth avenue.
lUxy View. The evcntnp was pleasantly
spent in music and dan~in§. Several
choice vocal selections wcro rendered by
Misses Maggie and Mollie Hums and oth
ers. Special among the plMsant features
of the evening was the cakewalkin;? of
Miss Louisa Rosekamp, J. Welsh. and A.
Dolan. At midnight over 100 guests par
took of an elaborate repast. The spacious
residence was decorated with flowers,
evergreens and American flags.
Home Gatherings.
•will receive Tuesday. October 23, at the
Hotel Repelier, 781 Sutter street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Esther Crown and Mandel Rosenstein.
MISS GERTRUDE CARROLL. WHO IS ONE OF THE MOST POPULAR
YOUNG LADIES IN THE EXCLUSIVE SET. SHE IS CHARMING
AND ACCOMPLISHED AND A DISTINGUISHED HOSTESS
Captains from far and near were present
and all hands made a merry time. The
great joke of the evening was "here's to
his thirty-eighth birthday" (meaning that
Mr. Fora's looks belle his age).
j Among ' those who were present were
Captain James Eschen and wife. Captain
J. Jansen and wife. Captain W. Olsen,
Mr. and Mrs. Shannon, G. Tyroll and Miss
Tyroll. Mrs. Gerdau Mrs. Bentoskay, Cap
tain and Mrs. Minor, Captain and |Irs.
Louis Larsen. Mr. and Mrs. Otto T^ el
sen and Captain. Peterson of the SonWa
Isles. ' '
In «all there were about sixty ffueste.
and Commodore Foard was given one of
the finest surprise parties la the hiatorj
of the port. •. a si-.-.5.:: -_
. Sixty-Two, but Looks Younger.
One of the Jolllest affairs in the history
of the .water front social Bet was the cele
bration of - the -, sixty-second birthday of
Lorentz ! Foard at his home In : Alameda.
<H'"fM WUl'm IWlU'JffWf II > I lfi|l'l'lWl"H J tl>Tli»M IWiMJni'Wlil ifan'l I. iFWii ¦ Mil iiiMwm *
cus Struve, Orlla Struve, Marie Stfuve,
Hans Struve, Delef Struve.
and. child, : George Kraemer, F. Burns,
Herman Focke of Honolulu. . .
-The following ; Pacific < Coast people
sailed for. Europe on the Hamburg-Amer
ican Line steamship Pennsylvania I from
New -York, October 6: . Mrs. Adele Hoff
man^ Oscar Brunswick, ; 8. C. Marsh,- Mr.
and Mrs. Paul Lund and child, H. Struve,
Miss Winnie ¦ Struve,. Henry Struve, Mar-
The following: Pacific Coast peoplo
sailed for Europe on the Hamburg-Amer
ican Line's new express ? steamship
Deutschland from New York October 16:
Jacob Stern. Mrs. Jacob Stern, Miss
Saldee F. Stern. Miss. Anita J. Stern
Newton . W. Stern, Jesse Triest, J. b
Relnstein, H. Wemme, Dr. J. Underwood
Hall, ;Mrs. J. Underwood Hall, Mrs
Frances E. Spencer, -Mrs. Alexander Al
len, A. Goldenweiser, Miss S. Jarvis, Rob
ert Walmsley, 'Frederich. Faehndrich.
Carl Hadermann, Mrs. Carl Hadermann
Sailed Away.
Isidore Jonas of San Francisco is with
the cantons, I. O. O. F.,' at Redding. He
wilS return during the latter part of the
week. •
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Scott have returned
to Paris and will spend the next couple of
months at the Exposition.
D. S. Jacobs will leave for. New York
next Tuesday on an extended business
trip. - \.
Mrs. Joseph Rosenthal and the Misses
Rosenthal will be at home the first
Thursday of each month at 2420 Van Ness
avenue.
Mrs. James J. Atkins and daughter
Marie Frances, of St. Louis, Mo., are the
guests of Mrs. George H. Young of 2342
Broadway. Mrs. Atkins and daughter
will go southland then tour the northern
country, visiting Victoria and Vancouver
B. C.\ before returning home. '
Mrs. I. Tobriner. 1615 Webster street .
will be at home the fourth Thursday of
each month.
Miss Elsie Sellgroan of Berlin Ger
many. Is the guest of her cousin Mrs
Joseph Herrscher of San Leandro,
Miss Bell Herrscher of Cincinnati. Ohio
Is visiting her aunt, Mrs. Hesser. of S2B
Poßt street. At home Thursdays.
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Herrscher and fam
ily of San Leandro have returned from
Europe. ' *
Mrs. E. Thavonat, wife of the chief of
the Secret Service Bureau, formerly of
Houston, Tex., Is stopping with Mrs
Julia Wise. 1945 Geary street.
Mr. and Mrs. S. N. Wood have left for
New York, to remain during the winter
with their son.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Harris and Miss Edith
Harris have returned t from their trip
abroad.
Mrs. tr. H. Friedman of 1227 Hayes
street will be at home on Thursday
afternoon and evenings, f* ,
Personals.
An enjoyable beach supper was given
recently on the ocean beach by the mem
bers of the Nineteen Hundred • Cotillon
Club. Those present were: President
Mrs. Taylor. William Giles, Mr. and Mrs.
G. Stykes. Mr. and Mrs. Smith. Haydn
Simmons. Miss Anna Austin. Miss Marie
Broneer. William Yore. James Giles, Miss
Anna Broneer, Miss Susan Austin, Ben
jamin Coonley, Miss Tillie Broyer, Fred
Meyers. Miss Gussie Petrey, Sidney Hunn,
Miss Dlxen, Mr. Morehouse, Miss Alice
Hunn, Miss Florence Morgan, Peter Sim
mons. Miss Madaline Keller, Raymond
Mecready. Miss Laura Morgan, Mr. and
Mrs. A. X- Yoell. There was pleasant
music. A large bonfire was built on which
the cooking was done. The latter part
of the evening was spent in singing
dancing and playing games.
Les Boiis Amis Club held Its first as
sembly and cotillion at the Maple Room
and Marble Hall of the Palace Hotel on
Thursday, October 18. Among those pres
ent wore: J. B. Matthews. S. de Las, P.
A. Young. R. Sehord, M. H. Schord. B.
Large., E. W. Gordon, H. Morton. J. A.
Wheeler, It Bur.ker. R. Drummond. C. V.
McCarthy. F. Young, J. Mogenson. J. A.
Ormond. C. A. Hall. H. J. Van Kirk,' H.
Aldunate. C. G. Morgan, R. C. Daniels.
F. Cellarlua, C. M. Wells. A. W. Masrlnis,
E Mooney. J. Frisbie. Mr. Johansen. O.
A." M. S Game. Mr. Dv Bols. O. Hlnz. H.
E. Jarmen, C. V. McCarthy, J. C. Crooks,
W. A. Scott. G. M. Scott. G. C. Dickey,
A. A. Peterson. J. Young. G. J. Smith. A.
Gates, E. C. Crawford. Miss H. Crockett.
Miss L. Werner. Miss G. He-sseltine. Miss
Swasey, Miss M. Larsen. Miss E. Flow
ers Mi?s Nixon. Miss B. Flowers. Miss A.
Flowers. Miss Mulville. Miss L. Hum
phreys. Miss M. Hepburn, Miss D. Pabst.
Miss MacPherson, Miss Gordon, Miss I.
Pennington. Miss Van Kirk, Miss Cart
wright Miss Moulton. Miss A. Mlnner.
Miss Jordan. Miss Miles, Miss L. Stiller,
Miss D. Conroy, Miss L. Buck, Miss A.
Berl. »
Mr and Mr?. A. T. Yoell enteitatned
the members of the Nineteen Hundred
Cotillion Club at their residence. 117
Fillmore street, on Saturday evening. Oc
tober 13. Those present were: Mrs. Tay
lor. William Giles. Mr. and Mrs*: Stykes.
Haydn Simmons, Miss THUe Broyer. Mr.
and Mrs. Smith. Peter Simmons, Miss
Laura Morgan. Raymond Mecready. Miss
Annie Broneer. Sidney Hunn. Miss Dixen,
Miss Keller. S. Simmons. Miss Florence
Morgan Mr. Morhouse, Mr. and Mrs. A.
T. Yoell.
The opening dance of the season of 1901
was held by the Deux Temps at Golden
Gate Hall last Friday evening. The grand
march was a novelty. It was in the form
of a serpent and was led by E. Getz and
Miss Erma Alexander, a young debutan'-v
The floor was under the direction of Al
Schoenfeld. assisted by Joseph Eber. The
hall was handsomely decorated and -with
the elaborate dresses worn by th« young
ladies made a pleasing effect. ' Tha Deux
Temps will hold its next party Novem
ber 9.
The Saturday Night "Whist Club met at
the residence of Mrs. W. J. Peden, 2520
Market street, on Saturday evening, Oc
tober 13. Ladles' first prize was won by
Mrs. Kugelberg and W. J. Peden Jr. cap
tured the gentlemen's prize. The follow
ing members were present: Mr. and Mrs.
F. Barry, Mr. and Mrs. Kugelberg, Mr.
and Mrs. R. Fazackerly, Mr. and Mrs.
D. E. Murden and Mr. and Mrs. W. J.
Peden Jr.
On last Thursday evening the Sine Cura
entertained Its friends with its eighth hop
at HinmanVs Mission Hall. The affair was
a pram! success, about 100 couples parti
cipating:. The committees in charge of the
affair were: Floor— Joseph Kendrlck, Lo
retto M. Lehaney, Mary R. Keneflck,
Margaret E. McCarthy. Thomas F. De
lury; reception — Margaret E. Collum,
Jule A. Ktnefick. Agnrs C. Kendrlck.
Frank P. Bray. Benjamin F. Crawford
and George F. Welch. The club will hold
its next meeting at tho residence of Misa
Collum on Tuesday evening next.
The concert given by the San Francisco
Conservatory of Music under the direction
of.E. S. Bonelll on Friday afternoon at
the Alhambra proved . a greft success.
There ¦was frequent applause and many
floral offerings for the participants.
The Thursday Afternoon Whist Club
met at Mrs. L,. Payot's. 406 Clayton street,
last Thursday afternoon. The first prize
was won by Mrs. Edna Scott and the sec
ond prize by Mrs. W. Hlnckley. Later
the party was pleasantly entertained by
Mrs. Payot at a luncheon. The club meets
again Thursday next at the same place.
Last Tuesday evening the Christian En
deavor Society of the United Presbyterian
Church tendered Miss Grace P. Smith,
daughter of tho Rev. Dr. \V. E. SnMth. a
farewell reception in the parlors of the
church, corner of Golden Gate avenue and
Polk streets. There was a fine programme
of vocal and instrumental mus'c, followed
by a delightful social and dainty collation.
Miss Smith leaves for Xew York in a few
days to res-id* with her sister. Mrs. E. B.
Thompson, of Amenia, Dutchess County.
Mrs. Colonel J. C. O'Connor will receive
the guild of little singers on the last Sac
urday in October, and Mrs. Henry P. Tri
con will, throw open her home to them in
November.
Last Saturday afternoon Mme. Ellen
Coursen-Roeckel gave a- reception to a
number of little boys and girls at her
residence, on Fulton street. The juveniles
entertained the assembled guests with a
choice musical programme. Mme.
Koeekel was assisted uy the following re
ception committee: Mrs. James O. Camp
bell, Miss Maud Dowling, Miss May
Mahie, and her daughter. Elene. Ice
cream, lemonade and cakes were served
at the conclusion of the following pro
gramme: Ballad, "Sweet Little Tootoie
Wootsle" (Roeckel), Mario Roeckel; song,
"The Holy City" (Adams), Hazel Bond;
lied. "The Parting Hour" (Pache). Mario
Roeckel: so»sr. "Mine Always" (Houreley).
Oertrude Caldwell: duet. "I Would That
My Love" (Mendelssohn), Frtjderica and
Hortense Ghmore; bailad, "The Maid and
the Rose" (De Kovenj, Jerry Mahony;
Irish melody. "The Harp That Once Thro'
Tara's Halls" (Moore). Klena May O'Con
nor; song, "Oh, Promise Me" (De Koven),
Katherine Cain: song. "The Rosary" (Ne
vin) Melanie Lindsay, song, "Swinging
In the Grapevine Swing" (Smith), Jerry
O'Connor: Irish mplody. "The Young May
Moon" (Moore), Frederica Gilmore; bal
lad. "Last Night" (Kjerulf), Harry Mau
rer; song, "Because I Love You" (Ham
let), Hortense Gilmore.
Club Parties.
Mr. and Mrs. Hessler BJid Mr. and Mrs
Me Vicar.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
26
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
\ To restore yonr pray or faded hair to !
us natural yonthfuf color, with Mrs. '
'' Kot 1 JlV r £S? a f* x * Hair R«tor[r '
I»ot a dye, but a harmless preparation '
that leaves the hair free froS^menu !
CleanJ/ to nse. No inconreniencel '
Mrs. Nettie Harrison,
DERMATOLOGIST,
78 Geary St., San Francisco.
AN ELEGANT SELECTION.
Oculist** prescriptions filled. Factory on
tircmlses. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
OPTICIANS^>"™^<«V
642 Market st. instrumints
u*dc« CMR^ictt Byn.oi»*fr. _C*TAtO6Ut Fwt.
Opera
Glasses,
Lorgnettes,
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and SIRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
bulldlnz. 1170 Market St., cor. Taylor, rooms
28-28. with the electric needle without pain or
•car. Permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to i p. m.
Tha greatest skin food and tissue builder,
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Remove* wrinkles by making the ¦ akin firm.
It renders the skin soft, -¦• ¦ - -
smooth, clear, white and f~^™"^»2vS^™""
youthful and cures Poison iritwk \lk
Oak and F.czema. It la a ?€sP*<U«fc,
liquid. Any cream of the
consistency of butter will J&mH**"' l 9Bi
ctlmulate the growth of |Sa"ftvw
hair on the face. Brah- fflV "7 yJK
man Toilet Cream Is (^H 'KBBF'
guaranteed not to do so. ;]K. MMMmtf
I'rlce 2Sc. Brahman
Tooth Powder. 25c All tti\N<M
<Jrurßl*ts and at offlc* of z m^^^^^^* a ' J
A. W. TRAVERSE. M. p. L»r»e stock ilwfty,
at J. 6. Potu 1 Drug Co..
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
V M m m m m mw ¦ Hk IS W m tsnP' 53 ' fIBSSHF Sj # ranst a a ct ro tSl)«wSM^f>i!
¦I HI 0 # 0 Jw h flw BBRnffl^ 1» /» w « ¦ hHß^^ nf KPsroSlf i*w • H*EJfll 0 H h AtT Ml tffc JMG»i owwyj'i
¦MHBm m[ ¦> fl B jy fIS Hw& v U b _H^# M¥ ¦PKBRBf firar Jv (mBI £J en fl» r'fiT'yWkw vriTTvr*j
BBB^BHB^HT MB§ AW '¦' '¦ ¦ M^Bl MBBj BJU A* J^K Mb H MIMW" 'J Jv^^V £/ vuß^TXv uU _B fiM j n^WI Ym mBB- QffT^V* *. y^^LTi
B M i II 1 bhV (¦ ¥9 9e S^bjmi 111 H bHI 1 1 iu^bkVrj bßP™^« » 1
¦ Jov9^u|ui I 9 I Jl' t i^^Hk*? V] fiT uJm^R^SbbSm bEBI 111 jO^~^+*^L Haw CllC 1 1 SB if jl *• S I o fI^JL fc ii g ' -' w"X *~^"? **Tt IJX '
3^^*fiSrfff^3ws!r£>Bßß bJubbßhSu 1 \ v\ A \ itf jjflw?! rtWElMriffl IU I ULiI 1 i /jSS^ffS^ SKn wMfcJr**^«^^AJ»StllkVw MfcJr **^«^^ AJ» St I IkV V^^f j>3^!>'-^fe/ '^ Imli
hBbb9Esbbß99^b bbWb^btJUßi \ Mu\ VvyVvW^ r. "-tV_j^"m^BMJ 11l * vZSSIQV * t JreWjJitiL. \VI L£*^ 1 ' f^W
WB^^i?3^^wfliraH^BßßßZWMff3r.!7ihß^ETft^ \\ bbL 1 i^V / Jt^ T^3K7 bwM SKb^bHH I »niP-1f rf*^-7 JC I ' >^ »¦ i ii-'Q* ¦ ¦ •
Eof!^bß3l9H£3hbbVbbv3[ VVl|bv f _ .y _^^^Hft . * * I \ ¦ hTagi w tVUb^j K l3 1«i ti '^^^_ * * i¦ * I mT_;*l ' < '
OVCrWFOIISht NcrVCS. Heartfelt Stories from Cured Women. 1
. , ¦ . ? ?, " Dear Mrs. Phtkham : — I feel it my dnty to ¦write and tell you of m
AS SOOn as a woman's nerves become excited bjSOmO the benefit I have received from your wonderful remedies. * 1
feminine disorder, She loses Control Of her speech. . '^ , "Before taking your Vegetable Compound I SI
She has no patience. with anybody or anything. I $%i^ was a misery to myself and every p
The ones she loves the best are the ones to whom she Jm&k±-^ one around me * J never laid m ? achin V |
talks the meanest. _ . fflH» S
I rifles light as air drive her almost frantic. lIIIIP^^ T and right side * " vvas very nervou3 « would cry for jl
She is worse than crazy, because she knows what she 111§F &) I hours * Jlenses WOllld appear sometimes in two fa
is doing and can't help it. * • > V^ \\ I weeks ' then a S ain not for three and fonr months, fl
She doesn't have hysteria and doesn't have fainting &S\ O / *~ red T* P nigilt3 * I
o yaf ***?] I sharp Pa»ns would dart through my heart that H
»S» S P ells - % . . %. -y I would almost cause me to falL I was so poor 1
She is nervOUS, horribly nervOUS. J^^A^Ll and white that my folks thought I was g-oincr to fl
Does she get sympathy ? Oh, yes, she gets sympathy Eftl&iiroSfll die ' My mother coaxed me to try Lydia c. J|
for awhile, but she acts so outrageously that everybody frffiffiffiaPEffl f!, Qkh f^ v^tabk Compound. I |
. ,' - , ' , ¦ -v-l i • ar A i_ -i iMRS-WlNiFatP ALIENCCBI had no faith in it, but to please her I did so. S
keeps out of her way as much as possible. After a while 1' M The first bottle helped me so much that I co^l ' I
they begin to think She's malicious and COUld do better if tinued its use. lam now well and weigh more than I ever did in my life. $1
She tried real hard.' " Y °™- remedies deserve the highest praise. "-MB3. Wisnnum.Ai^ |
She has turned her best friends against her. u^kb, Farmington, IIL v
This woman is sick with about the most discouraging • "~ ™ |1
sickness women can have, and there is a person who || _^*feh^ I ltr>EAn Mrs « PnrxnAM:— lt fives me- great |]
understands her case better than any one else in the J|||lk 2^-?!^ £?*£?% 1
world.- That person is Mrs. Pmkham. The nervousness @l£3p&BB|k fe w for years with female trouble. I could H
COmeS from Some derangement Of the feminine Organs, SgP^^ P neither read nor sew but a few minutes at a time S
and is constantly fed and made worse- by the constantly lifl -s* gK* "writhont suffering terribly with my head. My d
developing disease. Female diseases never get better of W^^ back a nd kidneys^ t sq troubled me ail the time. |
• , .¦¦ , rrvu -a. '-1.-- x . ' -i ~,. >« i\ I was advised by a friend to take Lyd la H
themselves. They must have proper treatment. Ordinary Sg / E . Plnlrtiam's Vegetable Compound 3
physicians do not know to grapple with these dis- *< J i had no faith in it, but decided to try it. After |
eases Of WOmen. Out Of the hundreds Of. thousands Of . jQfe^f using one bottle I felt so much better that I con- Q
women Mrs. Pinkham has cured, not one in five hundred L^V^^fflfe^Jk. tinued its use, and by the time I had taken sbc H
tried her advice or her medicine until they had exhausted M^Op^ bottles I was cur^d. There is no other medicine a
the Skill Of their OWn physician, Sometimes Of several rvN ' Wll^ | forme. I recommend it to all my friends. "— Mß3. W
physicians. j|MRS.SARAHSWODER|| Sabah Swodeb, 103 West St., La Porte, Ind! |
Mrs. Pinkham's address is Lynn, Mass. Her advice is ji
prompt and free to all Suffering women. . «Ve*lU*b. Pi^ham:-I am very grateful to yon far your kindness 'f
YOU may not know that your nervousness COmeS from and the interest you h*ve taken in me, and truly believe your medicines f]
female troubles. ; Your doctor may not know it. ¦He may |, nd advice are worth more to a woman than all the doctors in the world, tt
.tell you it does not; but does he cure you? Does he help ***2^^^^^Z2&AJSL'S£3 r l |
yOU any? Mrs. Pinkham Will tell. yOU the truth about My troubles began with inflammation and hemoi-1 M
yourself, and you'll believe her. Don't throw your life's iffl Hlil rhages from the kidneys, then inflammation, con- N
happiness away and make yourself unlovable when a little | Hpl| STSSSiSf " Si^riSi 1
diligent heed tO Mrs. Pinkham's advice Will drive away fflgMiZS* JS day for some time ; then after nearly^s^o months %
your nervousness hy removing the Cause Of your trouble. MBi HI X?*' &W the doctor gave me permission to go back to work. )&
Read carefully the letters from women Mrs. Pinkham' WB Jif l^l^^S'iX^t'S^Si H
has helped. ?;/./ ; . *^/ down the second time. I decided to let doctors H
After thirty years of success in curing women's ills, d tlu il r ™ edi^ ne ? lone tr y y°w remedies, m
can you not believe it worth' while to test the virtues or fe^L SmT t ThSrbStoTSr i c«ii. t !3 iTI |
package of the Sanative Wash did me more good W
B mmmJUßam JT* F%B~m. !¦.!> .m t f»n ¦ MRS.L.J.GOODE.N than all the doctors' treatments and medicine. N
MmVUIZi Cm WrMnKMK&Mn S , —~ The first remark that greets me now when I? o gj
:.«f? • • . • . to any place is, 'How much, better you look.' and yon may be sure I H
¦^*j»rt#j*fc|j% — -_IV-JL".1 V -JL" . m **> neyer hesitate to tell the cause of my health. I have gained twelve 1
'WGHGTSanMB ¦ mnnWnnMMnn J pounds during the last two months and am better in every way. Thanks S
:W. •¦*? 39*"**"*—*"- \ . .W^f»«^«f ••«¦•. * for your kind attention and advice. "-Mbs. E. J. Goodiw, Ackley, lowa.
fl* m ***^ C^ C" lAf /i D *v Owin .X to the fact that some skeptical people have from time to time questioned fi
* nnfjnt wm ku s^ssr^tt? las^fc i^M^rgM'ißSfSß'tss I
I S. Beller & Co.
i »,.* ¦* r * now 'honing
< a larpe assortment
t r * Domestic and
*¦ - .fftfja? Foreign fabrics for
£ *97!£% Tall or- Made Gowns
f^^9 ami will o~er to-
* ."V^ morrow tight-flu
* m^*&%^ tln B tallor-ma<le
} P^^^'K^S suits of pebble
? SrafiW^y throurrliout «itl, <
1 ST^?^^ *' ilk - for fl^O'O"; J
< (ft- 'WrtTiiß rec - '^ C(5 value*. J
> Strictly tailor- S
X^KgL made rainy-day 2
Jr~jn «n<l itolf suits, in s
/ V*vl4 black, blue, brown, ?
# • -T» tans and oxfords, 4
£ .<' jj4 fr<^m )«-«».«M» up. >
3 '"' -•• WSI Rainy-day and
Mw'^'' : «l K ° lf sklrte< ***'° 0
Iv cf^^t^^ Our <' a/ 'll i 'i #^ 1 a»
*? /Zs'^lir^F^iL man v f a cturrs
<> ff&'. ;¦•) jßSjffji* r'.ar» us in a posi-
« /#^V^^^ lifn t0 * pll ¦"•'ady-
<i *^T-"*T^»S£i^» to-wrar garments
*> Jnsr at much lower
*> £*£&&s£%& r : rlces - We sollc ' t
2 ™ Tlnccd.
! S. BELLER & CO.,
|: 230 Sutter Street.
J : TAKE ELEVATOK.OFFICERS SAN FRANCISCO CANTON NO. 5, PATRIARCHS MILITANT, I. O. O. F.
More than ordinary Interest will necessarily
ettach to the attempt to revivify the Comstock
lode by tfce application of electricity. The
operations cf the Truckee River Electric .Power
Company will constitute a new chapter In the
history of the zniaes on the lode. Since . the
first assay of ore made by Meivllle Atwood,
taken from the lode In 1SS9. the Comstock
iclnee have produced nearly 1400,000.000. Divi
dends amounting to 1119.240,783 have been paid.
Miners of the Pacific Coast
Delving for "Wealth
With Vigor.
TREASURE BOXES
OF NATURE
The report of the Arizona Copper Company,
whose officers are residents of Edinburgh, Scot
land, for the half year ending March 31 shows
that a net profit of £128,000 has been made In
the copper operations, and £32,000 profit has
Major S. M. 'Davis, mineral agent of the
El Paso Chamber of Commerce, has made a
report on Tombstone. He makes the sanguine
forecast that "when this part of the territory
is properly advertised there will be a dozen
Cripple Creeks scattered over Southern Ari
zona."
Los Angeles moneyed men are reported to b a .
hopeful that a emelter can be built in Los
Angeles. The field for Us operations will be
found In tfce ores on the Colorado and Mojave
deserts, in the Coast Range Mountains, in
Southern California, Southern Arizona. South
era Utah and Nevada, on the west coast of
Mexico and' In Lower California. These orts
are now sent hundreds of miles to find f>
smelter.
The assessments levied are faomething like
tlOO.OQO.OCK) In the aggregate, so that there is
a balance of large size still in favor of the
lode. What the future will develop is a mat
ter of conjecture. The contract for power is
at the maximum rate of *S per horsepower
up to E0O0 horsepower. The cost has been here
tofore much higher, ranging even as >i!gh a*
$25. Cheap power and modern pumps to drain
the lower levels will enable the mine owners
to reach that which has been Inaccessible. The
actual value of the Comstock ftiines will come
nearer an absolute determination.
The Coif ax Sentinel rivet the following ac
count of the transfer of the Pioneer Gold Mln
lnr Company to the Pioneer-Lynn Mining Com
pany, organized under, the - laws of Colorado
with ; the same number of shares , as the * old
company, of the par value of $5 each, i for tho
purpose of acquiring the California properties.
The new company requires the surrender of
certificates of stock, before October 22, and at
the - same time paya 20 cents for .each - share
surrendered; stockholder* will receive a elm
lar number of shares of the new company,
to be delivered aa soon . as . certificates can be
prepared. It was at first . proposed to require
a payment of 60 cents ' a ' share upon I the ¦ ex
change of stock, but the cum wu reduced to
20 cents on the recommendation of the advisory
committee appointed by ¦ the stockholders. In
case all of the stockholders should not exchange
their stock, ,. those making ¦ the exchange will
be given the right to take tho remaining stock
According to the Scott Valley Advance there
is a chance that the name of a part of the
somewhat famous Coffee Creek district will be
changed. The Advance says that: "So much
prejudice exists In the minds of strangers
against the term "Coffee Creek* that mine
owners on the 'tellurlde' belt are considering
the advisability of detaching their portion of
the so-called .'Upper Coffee Creek' district and
giving it a new name. For It has been sug
gested the name of Altamont, which Is em
inently significant, a* It Is without doubt the
most elevated 'mining, district In the northern
part of the State, claims varying in altitude
from 6500 to 80WV feet. This new district In
cludes the Lawrence. Carr and Gulick camp*
and the recent discoveries on the head of Swift
Creek."
The Superior Court In Tuolumne County has
decided a suit of considerable Interest, involv
ing the title to the Rhode Island mine. The
plaintiff was John F. Callahan and the de
fendants John P. James et al. The decision
was In favor of the plaintiff, holding that
the mine was reserved In the grant of the
townslte of Groveland. In 1854 Thomas C. Reii
located what is now the Rhode Island mine
and he conveyed It later, through others, to
J. F. Callahan. the present claimant. In 1S7J
J. D. Redmond received a United States pa
tent to the townslte. which patent, among
other things, provided that "no title Is thereby
acquired to any mine of gold, silver, cinnabar
or copper, or to any valid mining claim or
possession held under existing laws. At the
time, of the survey and entry Lawrence Mur
ray was living with his family on land ad-
Joining the north, and east boundary of the
exterior lines of the townslte and continued
to live there until his death. The property
of Murray's estate was then set aside by the
Superior Court to his widow, Joanna A. Mur
ray, and four surviving children. Mrs. Mur
ray married C. H. Wilson, one of the defend
ants In the suit just settled. She executed a
deed to Wilson of lot 8, ' block 6, on, which Is
situated the Rhode Island mine. On Septem
ber 6, 1879, Judge Redmond, before leaving for
England, executed to the persons .whose names
appeared upon the official map of the Grove
land townslte and who had not already re
ceived them, deeds of the lots to the different
parties as shown by the map; among them be
ing one to Lawrence Murray for the said lot
8 of block 6. Judge Redmond left these deeds
with James Tannahill and after the tatter's
death they came Into the possession of his
widow, Mary A. Tannahill, and later, in 1889.
the one conveying the lot on which Is situated
the Rhode Island mine was delivered by her
to defendant. John P. James, who held the
deed until March 7, 1J00. when It was recorded.'
been made by the company's railroad. The
report Is an interim one, eo that the full finan
cial statement is not given. A full statement
Is made annuaJly. The copper produced wad
9,467,401 pounds, being at the rate of 7S9 short
tons per month.
All the money received by Mission Re
bekah Lodge, at the entertainment re
cently given, amounting to upward of $50,
•will be donated to the Orphans' Home at
The Eebekahs.
Apollo Lodge conferred the third degree
on candidates In a very creditable manner
last Friday evening.
Wildey Encampment conferred the roy
al purple degree on candidates last night
Alta Lodge will have work In the initia
tory degree on the 22d inst, and Farns
worth Lodge on the 24th.
An interesting and enjoyable entertain
ment was given last Thursday night by
Golden \\ est Lodge. The attendance was
large and the lodge was so encouraged by
this function that it proposes to give an
other on the first Thursday in December
Those who entertained were: DanleJ M
Lawrence. Professor Cyrus F. Newton!
Miss Clark. Dr. Thomas Hill, Robert Saxe
E. D. Knight, Ernest Michilis. Captain
t '1 G- -r, 1^ 16 ' Professor Artigues and
Judge F. H. Kerrigan. After the pro
gramme refreshments were served.
Grand Master "Watson has announced
the following official visitations for the
first week In November: November 1,
Cherokee Ledge at Cherokee (special); 2d.
Orovil!«s Lodge at Orovllle (special) ; 3d
Brownsville i>odge at Brownsville: 5th,
luba City Lodge and North Butte Lodge
In joint meeting.
XViidey Encampment at its meeting on
the ICth Inst. nominated candidates for of
fice for the ensuing term.
The Odd Fellows.
During: the session cf th© Grand Chap
ter of the Order of the Eastern Star at
Fan Jose last week Yerba Buena Chapter,
U. D., "the baby" of San Francisco, was
ETanted Its charter and permitted to
change Its name to California, this by
unanimous consent. The number is 1S3. On
the evening- of the 17th the representatives
of the chapter gave a reception to Its
friends and there formally christened It
with the name granted by the Grand
Chapter. The members of California who
extended the Grand Chapter meeting were
Lizzie Tonningsen, John"* Tonningsen,
Bertha Wagner Stark, Isadora Horton,
Emma Lelbold. Jennie McLaughlln. Lot
tie McLaughlln. Alma Harder. Clara Har
der and Mary Grantland. At the last
meeting held by this chapter under the
name cf Yerba Buena the following
named were admitted by initiation: Judge
Carroll Cook. Samuel and Dora Adelstein.
Alexander Burgin, James Boyes. great
Junior sagamore of the Improved Order of
Red Men, Arthur and Margaret Bussell,
Theodore Firstand. Henry Jacobsen,
Harry M. ani Nellie Newhoff end Tnomas
P. Andrews. The following named were
admitted by card: Victoria R. Alden,
Thomas A, ar.d Hattie V. Nerney, Martha
J. King and Dr. Thomas W. Service. The
officers of the rechristened chapter pro
j.ose to work hard to make it the leading
chapter in this city. •
All arrangements have been made for
the grand ball, with musical and literary
numbers, to be given in Golden Gate Kail
rext Wednesday night by Ivy Chapter
J^o. 27. The indications are that It wilt be
cne of the finest social functions ever ar
ranged under the direction of a commit
tee of this chapter.
There has been Issued to every chapter
in the jurisdiction of California and Ne
vada a circular in memoriam of the late
George John Hobe, who was the first
grand patron of the order of the Eastern
Star end the only one up to the present
time who served two successive terms.
The circular tells of his Masonic life and
requests that It be read In every chapter
after receipt, and that the altar and char
ter be draped in mourning in token of re
spect to the memory of the deceased.
On the last Thursday in September the
deputy grand sachems of this city met
and organized by the election of G. Bos
sert as chairman and J. H. Hutaff as sec
retary. There were interesting talks by
U. A. Lewis. M. L. Wheeler, C. L. Lud
wljj. A. Laplace. R. P. Gale. A," Hausman,
G. Bossert. F. Kewell. M. Bloom, E. Las
treto and Secretary Hutaff. It was de
cided to form a general committee which
shall have charge of all functions to be
given by the several tribes. This propo
sition will be further discussed at a meet-
Ing to be held next Thursday night.
Yosemite Tribe is working hard to per
fect itself in degree work in the amplified
degree. This is being supervised by Past
Sachem E. Lastreto, assisted by.
James Hagan, past sachem of Wlnne
mucca Tribe. After the last held drill
there were short talks by J. H. Hutaff,
D. D. G. S.; J. Hagan. P. S. of Winne
mucca Tribe, and J. S. Colby, P. S. of
Osceolp, Tribe.
The benefit to J. F. Meeks, P. S., given
by Modoc Tribe was a great success, the
hall being crowded. The entertainment
was enjoyed by all. A handsome sum was
realized.
Charles Gray, chairman of the Yosemlte
Tribe anniversary committee, announc<-3
that the event will be celebrated with a
grand ball and banquet, which is to be
strictly invitational. This will be on th»
night of the 19th of December." .
The annual meeting of the Improved Or
der of Red Men's Endowment Association
will be held on Tuesday evening- for the
election of a board of directors and to
hear the report of the officers for the past
year.
Last week Cherokee Tribe adopted sev
eral palefaces. Thomas Roach, P. S.. and
Leon ¦ Enemark, sachem of Bald Eagle
Tribe No. 72. assisted In the work.
Improved Order of Hed Men.
Los Angeles Lodge now has a member
ship of 425 and still adding to the number.
All the lodges in the State are prepar
ing to hold memorial service 'on Sunday,
December 3. . ,- .
On the morning of the 15th inst. Stockton
Lodge No. 218 attended service in the C.
M. E. Church In a body and listened to a
sermon on "Special Providence" by the
lodge chaplain. Dr. \V. C. Evans. " The
occasion was a special one, and the church
was tastefully decorated with ferns and
flowers. To-mnrow night the lodge will
hold a special session that will surprise
the large number who will attend. Judge
Post of Sacramento Lodge will be the
master of ceremonies. He will have a
novel programme: This lodge at its last
held meeting forwarded $178 for the relief
of members of Galveston Lodge, many of
whom lost all they possessed.
The committee of San Francisco Lodge
that , is arranging a memorial service
promises a programme that will exceed
In excellence anything ever yet given by
the lodge. This lodge will name a com
mittee of five to devise ways and means
to secure the attendance of the Grand
Lodge in this city In 1902. Past Exalted
Ruler H. S. Manning at the last held
meeting of the lodge told of his Eastern
experiences and declared that San Fran
cisco Lodge compares favorably with any
of the many Eastern lodges. Phil Gordon,
who has: Just returned from an extended
tour through the State, reports that Elk-
Ism Is booming In every part and that
within a year the order will double its
membership. Past Exalted Ruler Colonel
Howell says that the new home for the
members of San Francisco Lodge is to
consist of lodgerooms, entertainment hall,
billiard room, reading rooms, ladies' par
lor, reception rooms, refreshment rooms
and all that is modern and convenient.
The Elks.
with sixteen members, has had wonderful
success, having now ninety-two members,
with prospects of more. »
Golden Star has received Porter Ashe
I Into its membership by initiation. Mis
tletoe Lodge of Modesto Initiated two at
its last held meeting.
Last week Supreme Representative E.
H. Goetze was tendered a reception by his
friends on his return from the East. A
very pleasant evening was spent.
Hesperian Grove on last Tuesday even
ing had a business meeting, when two
strangers were Initiated ana four appli
cations were received. Then there was
high jinks and a smoker, at which many
strangers were present by invitation.
There was an excellent varied programme
that was very much enjoyed.
Supreme Arch M. A. Beck man sent invi
tations to Supreme Representatives Mar
tinoni and Goeue to attend his wedding in
St. Paul on the 17th Inst. The recipients
sent a congratulatory telegram.
There were present at the official visit
to Olympia Grove last Thursday night a
large number of the members and many
visitors, who for the first time saw the
magnificent hall in which this grove holds
its sessions.- The noble grand arch. Henry
Lange and grand officers who accom
j panied him were received with the cere
monies due their rank and were cordially
welcomed by Noble Arch Armstrong. The
visitors witnessed the conferring of the
first degree on seven strangers and were
most agreeably surprised to note not only
the perfect but impressive manner In
which the work was done, particularly
that of the noble* arch, whose intonation
accentuation and way of imparting the
lectures won for him the highest com
mendation. After the work of the even
ing the grove was closed without form
and those present were taken to the
fourth degree room, where an elaborate
supper was served. There were addresses
by Xoble Grand Arch Lange. Deputy
Grand Arch Godeau. Supreme Represen
tative Martinoni, Supreme Representa
tive Goetze. Past" Noble Grand Arches
Bahrs and Chase. Grand Secretary
Graves Vice Arch Bowers. L,. A. "Wolff
G. B. Cordano and E. C. Luchessl. This
grove, which started seyen months ago
Druids.
Noble Grand Arch Henry L>ange during
the past week paid an official visit to a
grove every night. On Monday he was
with Roma Grove In Oakland. Tuesday
with Galileo Grove In this city, "Wednes
day with Golden Star, Norma and Tem
plar groves In this cljy, Thursday with
Olympia Grove in the Mission. Friday
with Olive Grove in Colma and Saturday
with Benlcia Grove in Benicia. Previous
to that he, in company with the grand
secretary, John M. Graves, visited San
Jose, Columbus and Garden City groves
In Joint session in San Jose. That was on
the 3d inst. On the 4th they visited Sa
linas Grove. They were with Madrona
and Luis de Cameous proves on the 6th,
on which occasion three strangers were
received into the first degree, two mem
bers were reinstated, one Joined by card
and the second and third degrees w*re
conferred on several candidates. A ban
quet followed the ceremonies. Subse
quently they were joined at Redwood City
by Past Xoble Grand Arch and now Su
preme Herald James F. Martinoni, L. A.
Wolff of the Druids' Magazine. District
Deputy William Mount and others from
Mayfleld, when a visit was paid to Morvln
Grove. Two candidates were initiated and
the second and third degrees were con
ferred.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge '.e arranging for a
pumpkin party, to be given during Hal
loween week.
Amity Rebekah Lodge had an interest
ing eocial last night in the Eureka Hall
of the Odd Fellows' building.
Templar Lodge will give an entertain
ment next Saturday night in the Odd Fel
lows' building.
Gllroy. This lodpe Is arranging for a
party to be given in the near future to
realize funds with which to purchase col
lars for all its past noble grands.
J.' II. Abbott of Paramaribo tells the Two
Republics that In washing for* gold he has oc
casionally found diamonds-«-smalI ones — In tin
tailings, the last washings. In diamond mining
the lar~est stones lie - farthest down. Yearb
ago a Mr. Fennelly, who was interested in
gold mining with him. washed a large dia
mond from a ' pan of gravel. There are two
gold belts, each r^bout twenty-five miles wide,
running from the coast inland across French,
Dutch and Hrttlsh Guiana. The French, be
ing nearest the seashore, was mined first. Then
came the Dutch and finally the English sec
tions. It was In the process of working those
paits of the belts which came In the English
colony that the ¦ recent diamond finds were
made. It was purely accidental.
The Yreka Journal says that the hydraulic
miners feel -hopeful that they will do well the
coming winter, all that they need belnc a
plentiful supoly of water and plenty of snow
In the mountains early In the winter to freeze
hard for slow rr.eltlnsr and supplying the small
streams and ditches during the summer months.
The dredger at Hawkinsville' is reported to be
doing well. Work has been suspended on the
American Bar claim at Klnmath River, near
Ash Creek, until spring opens. ».
The Western Mtnins World Raj* that there
¦tire quicksilver deposits In Jackson County,
Southern Oregon, which look well. The mine
is known as the Mountain King and is twelve
miles from Gold Hill. The World quotes the
owners of the property to the effect that there
Is a pay streak 110 feet wide; that the supply
is inexhaustible, etc. - The property consist?
of S00 acres of patented ground. It was pur
chared three years ago, since which develop
ment work has b*»en performed.
The Los Angeles Herald reports that there
is pending a deal for the sale of 27.000 acres
coal land lying In a strip recently struck off
the San Carlos Indian reservation and declared
to be mineral land. J. N'icholson, Indian agent
at San Carlos, now in Chicago promoting the
sale, has sent several telegrams to Tucson stat
ing that a party of capitalists met him at Chi
cago en route to Arizona to examine the coal
strip. The presence of a large area of coal
within fifteen miles of the San Carlo* fort was
discovered years aeo by regular army offi
cers in pursuit of Apaches, but no develop
ment was done' until l£S0. When the strip was
segregated from the Indian reservation Mr.
Phillips of Pitteburg Interested Eastern capital,
and a few months aco a force, of men com
menced developing by means of dtamond drills.
It is eaid that operations have been so success
ful that the Eastern capitalists who contem
plate opening the coal fields have already con
sulted with the officers of the Gila Valley.
Olobe and Northern Railway with a view of
running a spur to the coal fields. The open-
Ing of coal fields at this point would be a
boon to the mining industry of Arizona.
There is considerable mining stir in Inyo
County. f At Citrus the Mazurka Mining Com
pany is working a double force of men on its
l>1acer property fai Mazurka Canyon. About
600 feet will complete the tunnel to bedrock,
which will then have a total length of 2100
feet. Barnes & Anderson are going to put up
a flve-stamp mill for their mine, six miles from
Citrus. The mill will be erected at Willow
Spring about two miles from the mine. The
Hirsch mine is working . sixteen men. M.'
Thompson is now general manager of the mine.
Messrs. Smith and Bell of San Francisco de
cided to build their boraclc acid plant on the
west side of Owens Lake. The cost of the
plant is estimated at HoO.000. The Southern
Pacific Company has'restored the old rate of
*6 a ton on $25 ore from Inyo . County points
to Sai» Francisco. ¦
Joseph Leiter of Chicago, once famous as the
promoter of a wheat corner, has acquired
claims in Southern California in Copper Basin,
thirty miles down the Colorado River from
Needles and seven miles back from the river.
These he proposes to develop. He is coming
to the coast soon. '
There Is trouble at .' Blsbee. 'Arizona. 'The
property rights of every owner In the camp
are at stake In the case of Martin O'Hare vs.
C. A. Overlock, before the receiver of the land
office i at Tucson. Overlock and others - have
occupied the land In question for a number of
years. ¦¦ Martin O'Hare has located the land as
mineral and has applied for a patent, and has
produced specimens to 6how that he Is In the
right. . The protestants claim squatters 1 rights
and deny the mineral allegations. The Tuc
son Citizen pays that as : all of the land
In the camp is held by the same right it will
be seen how lmnortant the decision of this
question is. Lots have been bought for I12.C00
In the camp where the title is as insecure and
uncertain as that of Overlock and others." "If
the case Is lost," said Overlock to a Citizen
reporter, "I can- locate as mineral land some
of the . best lots In Uisbea and the possessors
will have to vacate."
of the new company on paying: therefor 25 centi
a share. . . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
Being a Review of Matters That Are of Interest to the
Members of Many Brotherhoods.
FROM THE LODGEROOMS OF FRATERNAL
ORGANIZATIONS OF SAN FRANCISCO
27
BY
MR. WALTER DA31ROSCH.
"DER RING DES N1BELUNGEN."
Monday. Nov. 8 "SIEGFRIED"
Wednesday. Nov. 7
.............."DIE OOTTERDAMMERUNO"
Supscriptlon «alo of seats for th« series of
four explanatory recitals opens at the Cali-
fornia Theater on Monday morning. October
23, at 9 o'clock.
SCALE OF PRICES (subscription for series)—
Orchestra. $5; Balcony. » 50.
THE PIANO on
WAGNER'S
FOUR EXPLANATORY RECITALS AT
CALIFORNIA THEATER-Spedal.
Week Ccmmenclna SUNDAY MATINEE,
. October 21st.
A REALLY SWELL BILL
Fresh From European Triumphs.
GSEVANS
("The Honey Boy.")
America's Fai-orlte Singing Monologtst.
LesFRASETTIES
Musical Artists Direct From Europe.
John W. 4 Beatrice .
WORLD and HASTINGS
Presenting an Orlrlnal Sketch.
"KEEPING AN ENGAGEMENT."
BLANCHE RING
Descriptive Vocalist.
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND
The Favorite Character Comedienne.
EDGAR ATCHISON-ELY
The Hundred-Year Henco "Willy Boy."
RAUSCHLE
Impersonator of Famous Men.
MERRITT AND MURDOCK
In an Original Society Sketch.
TWIN SISTERS HALE
Vocalists and Dancers.
LAST WEEK OF
ZIZotEVERHART
The Hood Rollins Marvel.
CoRimsncin? To-Day (Sunitej) Matinee.
Parquet. 23c, any seat: Balcony. 10c; Chll-,
dren. 10c, any part except reserved.
A few front orchestra rows reserved, 60c;
front rows of Balcony reserved. 23c.
ORPHEUM THEATER.
TUESDAY AFTERNOON. Oct 23.
GRAND VAUDEVILLE MATINEE
For the benefit of the philanthropic work of
the Social Science Department of the
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
Under the auspices of the lady members.
POWERFUL MIXED ENTERTAINMENT.
Contributed by the bent local and foreign
talent.
TICKETS, to be obtained from members of
the club, 50c; box seats. $L
Ticket* will be exchansed for reserved aeats
at the Orpheum box office on and after Mon-
day. Oct. 22.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT. "THE COKSICAN BROTHERS."
TO-MORROW NICHT-
Flrst Tlm» Here.
Howard Hall's Romantic Drama.
A Soldier of
the Empire !
ELEGANT NEW SCENERY.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. •
¦HS.CTER'S'.«>S2g»J.Hg«8E.
Beatrice Franco, Jos« Torres Ovandov Lu-
nette, Antonio Vargas. Nellie CRourke. the
Leons and New Movlnr Pictures.
Reserved Scats. 25c; Matinee Sunday.
• SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN: NIGHTS.
Open. Dolly From 7 8,.m. to 11 p. xn.
Bathlnc From 7 a. m. to 10 d. m.
-ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing, Including admission, 23c; Children. 20c
"" -" . ~ '. . -.--.- -~
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATSUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
Tba Champion Australian Jugsler.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COHPANT.
PAMPLIN,
ANNIE GOLDIE,
A Hit as a Coon Shouter and Hebrew Iraper-
EDDIE J. MACK,
America's Greatest Back and Wine Dancer.
THE CITY.
OLYMPIA cSEM&ir
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE EHO"W ES
Telephone for S«ats— Park 2X
AQUATIC SPORTS ON THE LAKE.
Last Appearance of MR. and MRS. HARRY
JACKSON and ARNOLD GRAZIER
. and HAZEL CALLAHAN.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVI^ns-H
THE CONGO FAMILY.
CHUTES and ZOO
Weekly Call $1.00 bbpYbet
AMUSEMENTS. '¦/ ; ,
ALF. EIXIXGHOUSE Prop, and Manager
PHONE SOUTH ....770
st Ztt n& MATINEE
TOoriAV-^TO-MCHT—
The laughing farce comedy success,
BROWN'S
IN TOWN!
- ¦ : .- ,-
Presented by the Original Company, as First
Seen inThle City. y,
POPULAR PRICES:
EVENING ...15e, 25c. 33c, KOc and 75c
MATINEE..'.... ...... lBc. 25c, 35c and 50c
. NEXT— THE TRULY BIO SHOW.
THE KiNS OF THE OPIUM RING.
QRAND OPERA MOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST NIGHT.
THEENSIGN
¦'-'¦" TO-MORROW <• EVENING.
"MADAME SAWS GENE."
EVENING PRICES.... '. .1O«. 15c, 25c. OOc,
A 'Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 75c.
MATINEE PRICES...:. ! .10c,' 15c. 25c, 5Oc,
- . »* -. ¦¦ . . No Higher- — -
"•-¦"" Branch Ticket • Of flee— Emporium. . t
Mr. Lanite Is a well preserved old gentleman,
72 years cf age, and for eighteen years had a
bad double rupture which no treatment could
ccpe with. After a short use of the Rice
method the .left rupture healed entirely and the
right was almost closed in a few weeks. To-
day he Is aa sound as a dollar, wears no truss
or ether support, and his euro Is only one of
hundreds of similar cases reported by those
who use the .Rice method. Send for this free
trial. Don't be backward. It will surprise you
with Its wonderful power to heal. And If you
know of other ruptured people ask them to
write or. write for them. Do not fall to write
at once: do so to-day.
% MR. CHAS. LANGE.
vented a method that cures without pain, dan-
ger, operation or an hour's loss of time from
the day's work. To avoid all questions of doubt
he sends free to every sufferer a free trial of
his method and there can be no earthly reason
why any one, rich or poor, should not avail
themselves of this generous offer. As an In-
stance of this remarkable method, the cure of
Charles Lnnge. Morrison, 111., Is a welcome
piece of intelligence.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ruptured
Free to the
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well Known
Authoritv, Sends a Trial of
His Famous Method
FP03 to All.
Out of the chaos of old-time failure comes a
new and startllne cure for rupture. Dr. W. S.
Rice. 418 N. Main st.. Adams? N. T.. has ln-
___ _____ — _ _ — — — — — — . —^—
fd-NIGHT <i GARMEN 9 - V TO-NIBIIT
ANOTHER GALA WEEK
BEGINS TO-MORROW!
Monday, Wednesday, Friday Nights and
Saturday Matinee '
fSIGNORINA BARBARESCHI,
The Famous Soprano.
SIGNOR CASTELLANO,
The Ideal Tenor.
FERRARI; NICOLINI, LUCENTI,
GRAHAM, POLETINI.
Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday,
Sunday Evenings
EXTRA PERFORMANCES OP
The Great Diva
Collamarlni - - - as - - - Carmen
- RUSSO. SALASSA. REPETTO.
NICOLINI. SCHUSTER.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
NEXT THURSD1Y AFTERNOON
At 3 O'Clcck
GRAND
-SYMPHONY"
GONGERT
Under the Direction of
MAX HIRSHFELD.
60— ORCHESTRA OF--00
A Superb Programme Will Be Given. In-
cluding Berlioz's Symphony Fantastlo
"AN EPISODE IN TEE LITE 0.' AN ABTIST."
Seats on Sale To-Morrow Morning at the
Tlvoll or Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
PRICES 75c, $1.00 and $1.50
last B5GINS WITH
2,-cj.rs. TO-MORROW
mat. (MONDAY)
3AT ' I OCTOBER 22.
THE STUPENDOUS SUCCESS,
The All-Imposing Production,
QUO VADIS
Cnequaled In Cast, Splendor of Stage Settings,
Magnificence of Costumes. :. ., : _-. .
M0NDAY~0CT0BEE29
m STUART > Has
ROBSONbL
4* OLIVER • Pleasing
Goldsmiths^
. .John E. Henshaw,
THIS COW - Stephen Grattah.
...-.». ..~* H. A.. Weaver Sr.,
V/IVC/NC Beaumont Smith.
CAST A Maude White. .
¦r/irrni* ' Jeffreys Lewis.";
FACTOrt. Ellen Mortimer."
May Ten Broeck.
, '.'_. ' SEATS BEADY THURSDAY, " .. \
l^f^M^^^^^ COMMENCING THIS AFTERNOON
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
The High-Class, High-Salaried and Most Perfect Minstrel Organization
in the World — Entirely New and Magnificently Equipped This Season.
Blffe RU I &¦ ftVfftl"! THE TRIUMPH OF MERIT.
I 1 K« I eU V 6 II I" I BILLY VAN. R. J. JOSE.
i 11 iyi I I W O 1 IB L (L J- P- RODGERS, MAXUEL RO1IAIN,
IV BliinV 1 Illak W. H. HALLETT. ERN'EST TENNT.
.,.».. mm RAYMOND TEAL. CHAS. WHALEN.
¦ lUll 9 I ill WATKRBURY BROS. AXD TENNT.
IlIKll &¦¦" THE FAMOUS RIO BROTHERS.
*UUB&b&bLb1|IB DB elmar TRIO. TEAL. AND WHALEN.
Starting from Theater at 2 p. m., and pro-
(Z(\\ P QTRFRT PARAHF; ceedlng over following route: Kearny to Mar-
*J^' L ' r O'KLbl ft\1\t\UU feet, 'to Van Nesa. to Post, to Montgomery
MONDAY, at 2 P.M. , SJSt to Keamy
Next— The Great Russian Melodrama, "FOR HER SAKE," Commencing Snnday Afternoon.
GRAND OPERA
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
THE MAURICE GRAU
OPERA COMPANY
(Lessees and Managers of th* METROPOL-
ITAN OPERA HOUSE. New Tork).
Respectfully Announce the Inauguration of at
GRAND OPERA
Under the Direction of MK. MAURICE GRATJ
(Also Marugir.jr Director Kcyal Opera, Covent
Garden, London). .
BEGINNING
MONDAY EVENING, NOV. 12.
The list of Principal Artists Is aa fDCowa
(alrhatetlcally arranged):
Sopranos— Mesdamea Suzanne Adams. Bau-r-
meldter. Van Caateren. Gadskl. Marylll. Malba.
Nordlca. Susan Strong. Frltzl Scheff.
Contraltos— Mesdames Carrie Bridewell, Lou-
tsn Homer. Rosa Olltzka. Schumann- Helalc.
Tenors— MM. Bars, Bonnard. Cremoalnt, Vas
Dyck. Dlppel. Huebennet, Imbart d« la Tour.
Maseiro. Saleza.
Rassos — MM. Robert Blasa. Joornet. Flancon.
Edouard de Reszke. Vlvlanl.
Conductors— Mr. Walter Damrotin. MM. Ph.
Plon, L. ManciaellL
Barytones— MM. Bertram, Blsphara, Cmm-
panarl. Dufrlche. GUUbert, Muhlmann. Plnt-
THE REPERTOIRE for th» Strst "W««le win
Include ROMEO AMD JULIETTE. TAJ*?I-
HAUSER. AIDA, FAUST. LOHENORIN.
LUCIA. FLTI.VO DUTCHMAN. Darin* th«
season the N'lBELUNGEX RINO Of "WAO-
XER will also b« gl^tn for th« first time hare.
Chorus. Orchestra, Ballet. Scenery. Costumes
METROPOLITAN OPERA-HOUSE, NEW YORK
The sale or Subscription Seats Will Comxaanc*
THURSDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 25,
AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S AT » A. it.
Prices for Season of SO Performances:
Orchestra and Dress Clrclo ...flM
Back Rows of Orchestra..... SO
Family Clrclo HO
Gallery SS
Proscenium Boxes, seating 8 flOOO and 700
Orchestra Loses $300 and 900
Balcony Boxes (Palcos) seating 4. $3X>:
seating 5. $600; seating S 700
Applications for Boxes should b» Immediately
addressed to II R. ALFRED BOUVIER,
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Single Nljht Sale Opens November 7.
Price 13 to XT
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SONDAY, OCTOBER 2L
AMERICA'S
COURSING
EVENT!
THE JOHN GRACE
CHALLENGE CUP!
PURSE $6610.
NOTICE.
ered With Canvas.
Ho danger of getting ¦wet. :V-
Betting Bing and Grand Stand Cov-
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and To-wnsend streets
9:15 a. in., 10:15 a. m., 11 a. m., 12/
m., 1 p. m. and 2 p. in.; Tvrenty-flftlx
and Valencia streets five minutes
later. He turning at 4:45 p. zn. and
after the last course. San Slateo elec-
tric cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION", 50 CENTS.
CITY w #H# PARIS I
Dry Goods "^|g||p Company, j
Commencing Monday ; • Dainty :
a choice line of ; Novelties in g:
PATTERN HATS ART NEEDLEWORK ;
will be ; : are %
placed on sale now arriving 4;
at : • and ' ¦ $r|
prices ranging from. :j .will be placed g:
$8.00to$15.00 On Sale Daily I
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, '
£E. Corner Gsary and Stockton Straits* San Transuoo. > !
MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
senator.
I I paVoIds 1 Each Tablet
i H3itr\ Stamped thus
§ i§p$^A Guaranteed
1 \ Cure
A"M"TTS i E"M"E"NTS.
AUffTT KV. M V. M'Pft,THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
28
S_LX FRAACISCO CALL.
B~rS_\*_SS OFT ICE of The San Francisco
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets, open
Until It o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-:n Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open ur.tll >:S0 p. m.
130 Hayes street : cpen until 9:30 p. — .
es» McAllister rtreet; open until 9:39 p. m.
C15 Larkln etreet; cpen until 3:30 p. m.
IHl Miwloa etreet: open until 10 p. m.
K61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
tauil i r. m.
10« Ele— *>_th str*-rt; open until 9 p. m.
ICS6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. ra.
CHURCH SERA-ICES.
TRINITY Church, cor. Biifh and Gough sU.—
The Rev. Frederick W. Claapett. D.D., rec-
tor. Holy communion. 8 a. ra. and 11 a. tn.:
morning eerrlce. 11 a. a».; evening prayer. 4
p. m.; Friday wrvlce of intercession for army
aad navy m 11 a. ta. J r.e rector will pre—cli.
ET. PAUL'S Church, California n., near Fill-
mo—-, liev. w. M. BaUljr. rector: Rev. A. C.
Wlleon. —FslFtant— Holy Ccmmuniun. 7.30 a.
m.; Su:ida>'-school. S:45 a. m. ; mornins prayer
_n_ Berro yn. 11 o'clock; «?\ er.Jng prsytr and
*ermon. 7:45 o'clock. Week day services d_:ly
at 10 a. m.
CHURCH of the Advent (Episcopal), Eleventh
•_, near Market— Rev. Herbert Parrish. rec- <
tor; ren-ioc* 7 and 11 a_ m. Father Huntic_-
ton. O. H. C. w;ll preach; evensong. 7;<5-
£T. LUKE'S Episcopal Church, ccr. of Van
Ness a**, a-id Clay st. Holy com— union. I
a. m. Morning prayer, II o'clock. Evening
•ervlce. 7:45 o'clock. Rev. T. J. Mackay. rec-
tor cf All eaints Church. Omaha. will
preach both mcrnins end evening.
CALVARY Prwbytfrian Church ccr. of Geary
and Pot. ell ete.— Kev. John IlemphHl. D.U.,
taetor. Strvicee tt 11 _ ra. and 7::o p* m. ;
rtev. F. S. Brush. D.D.. of Alameda will
preach in the moroingr tuad Rev. Alexander
Eakin or Riverside in the evening; Sabbath-
schooi and Mr. Johnston's Bible class at 12:30;
Christian Endeavor Society meets at €:3J
p. ra. \Vedri»»s4a}- evpr.ing service at S o'clock.
All are corUiaJly invited.
CENTRAL MethodiM Episcopal Church. Mis-
sicn St.. rear Sixth. At i: o'clock Dr. Hutsin-
piller will conduct services. Dr. Art«»'Jr Is.
liriggs preaching the e-irnicn. At 7:30 ther*
will be _ mii^ical service under the diri*ctio!i
of Robert Lkyd, with choir — inale quartet
tad Foiolsts". S?at!> are free ar.d all prcple are |
welcome to ail services.
FIRST UNITARIAN OHCRCH-Speciai *tr-
vice »¦*-—.— en ior_rirg the fiftieth anniversary
Oi organize! Unitarians in California. Then*
will be attractive musii and brief addref*es
by Rev. Georre W. ctone. Itev. Bradlord
Leavltt, H^n. Horace Davis ai;d ethers. Mrr.
J. L. William*, soprar.i-; MIfs Anna Millar
Wood, contralto: Km*. Inez Canjfi, harpist;
li'-H.-.rtr Vis— .er. violinist; lienry Br-tberlcX
orcanist.
FIRST Congregational OT.urch. corner Post and
l_a*on 6t«— Kev. Oeorce C. Adams. D.V..
pestor. ¦will preach at both service?. At 11
a. ra., topic. "Am I My Brother's Keeper?"
At 7:30 p. m.. topic. "An Inspired Prophet."
All are cordially invited.
SEVENTH Day Auventlst Church, f 14 Laguna
St.. betwoen _EcJU__ter ft. and Golden Gate
ave. — Preaching this Sunday evening at 7:30
o'clock hv Ote pastor. J. O. Corliss. Subject.
•Closing Sc^rios of Earth's HlFtory." A cor-
dial invitation is extended to all. Peats free.
FIJIST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
Block. 223 Sutter St., between Kearny st. and
Grant ave. — Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m.: Futiject. "IJverlaslinp Punishment";
Sunday-school for children at tlie same hour;
Wednesday *>v*>ning meeting at S o'clock.
Free THa-linc-room. _% Kearny Et.. room 510.
All are ______
THE First Divine Science Church meets every
Sunday at H^nie CollMr<*. 3S60 Seventeenth St., j
betwrt-n v alenria and ilission. at 11 a. m.; j
Funday-soliool at lii a. m. Discourse by „.
E. CrEni*"r, i'aMor. !
CHURCH cf Jwu« Christ cf Latter-day Saints
will hold their Femi-annual conference in the
K. of P. Hall, Kl JI:iiket «.; one of the
twelve apostles will be present; services at
10 a. m.. 2:30 and 7:4; p. m. All are welcome;
no collections.
IMPORTANT — Special meeting? In Pioneer
Hall, Fourth st., near Market. Thursday, Fri-
day anS Saturday. October IS to CO. at 10 a.
in.. Z_St anrt 7 45 p. m. ; Sunday, October 21,
2:30 and 7:i5 p. m. A variety of Scripture
subjects <Ji5c-j*sed. Addresses. Bible reading*.
Gospel jirc-sc hlng, ftc. I'nd^nominatioiHl.
Jr-eats free. Come. Brir.g your Bible.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
us.— Mass-n-.ceting- for men only to-day at 3
o'clock: address by the world-renowne<l t.-m-
perance orator, rrencic Murphy; f=p«-clal m>J-
*:e— "O. U?Ft in the Lcrd." from "MarHana,"
Mi*s Adeline E. Wrchler; "H»avenly Drf-am. '
Mr. I>. M. Laurence ; "Holy Father. Guide
His FootFter>s." from "Uaritana." Miss
ISirtiiler ami ilr. Lawrence. All voung men
invlt-4.
THEOSOrHICAL. Society — To-night, et 8
o'clock, in Odd Fellow*' building, comer of
Beneath and Market si?.. Miss M. A. Walsh
•will begin a course of lectures en "The Sacr»d
Hooks of In-l:a"; al*o a Bible class at 11:30
a. ni.
FIRST Mental Science Temple meet* at Golden
Gate Hall, 11 a. — ..; ppecial lecture, "Etlu-
fjitfd Desire and Continuous Activity the
Basis cf Longevity": public invited: free.
"UEETINGS SITXOAY.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAX will lecture this
evening en "The Mesentery and Glandular
Fystem ." et Crystal Hall, Pythian Cattle, |
1^9 Market s=t.; followed by magnificent views
o' a trip along the Ithine. Free tickets will '
be distributed for X ray exhibition at the !
Fanitariunj next TueMay evening. Seats ]
free. No collection. NOTE— Dr. Kerpan will
lecture to ledies nnly next Thursday at 3
p. — i. in Friendship Ha!l. Pythian Cattle-
*ub3ect. "PFjchic Influences on the Sex."
Peats free.
EL>WAR1> BAB—B, the great pajnehte, has re- \
turned from hi» successful tour of Northwest !
ar.d will give his marvelous demonstrations
of occult po*"-er, assisted by the Oregon phe-
nomenon. M1f« Myrtle Marion, at Pythian
Hall. BPI Market «., to-night, S o'clock.
A B_— I L'TIF VLLY illustrated lecture on "Mir-
acle Curer," with psychic demonstrations, by
Dr. lihul-MsicOlaire, the world-famous Ori-
ental s<-er, in his royal Oriental robes. Pytl.-
ian Castle. SOS Market Et.. to-night at tl
Mill free.
A— DR. ItlNES ?j irltual Society, 9<i9 Market—
Jl. frre; 2->>. 10c: Mrs. Harrison-Lester, 3 oth-
«ts i: all tests: all members of this society arc
requested to meet £ p. m. to-day. Dr. Kines
reads last.
ARniVET>— Madam Johnson, the celebrated
test end business medium from Sac: circles
2:30 an1 S p. m. Sundays: admission, 10c.
1_5t4 Mission et., near Seventh.
aiTtS. LIZZIK PrCKER LI-NESS Fpeaks In
Golaen Gate Hall, Putter ft., to-nitfu. fol-
lowed by Mrs. Jer.nie Kobinoon in psychomet-
ric readlnc*.
_ITU». WEIR hoUs srlritual tett meetin— i at
Beckers Hall. Wo*t:infrton St.. bet. Eth & Sth,
'Oakland, every Vert. eve. at S; admission 10c.
MISS I/3TT1E tUEVnSULYV, test circle Tuck.
*ve. ct 8 o'clock and Thurs. afternoon at 2
SiZ I.itbcn Ft., near China ave.: 10c.
MME. TOUrCQ'P vsi circle to-night, Occidental
Hall. 303 Larkin; 10c; fittings daily. 605 Mc-
Allister ft.; come skeptics.
ims. FTODDARD'S splendid test circles;
Tue«., Thu—». and Sun.; S p. m.; 10c 278 Sth.
_UIS LtrSTER-Rcmovt-d to C21 Turk St.; cir-
cles fun., Tuf-s., Frl., 8 p. m. ; 23c; read. d!y.
ATTEND Mme. Ma— jtiiJ^'s <*onvinc!nc test cir-
cle to-nlsht at S; luc. & Hyde St.; read, dally.
MRS. MAKY EVANS. clrcl» to-day, I and S;
tvery night except Thursday; 10c. 10S Cth st.
•J— :ST circle to-ni«rht; eittinrs dally. MRS.
VIGAF.S. US F'.xth Bt.. room _.
_TrsT EO^RTAIT_ENr~rae5ru_: fittings
daily. 129 McAllister ft., flat L
MRS. EI5ERHARDT, 3250 Kd; convincing: test
to-ntnrit. 10c: rea<5Ir._~ daily.
MKGTXXOS — Inlvciniil Drotberliood.
TitEOSnpin(\VL~S<>ciety. «lT~M_7ket st.-Lec-
ture tr,-n:_l.t. "What Is .Satan?" by Dr. A.
<;riff;thi-: I. 15. League meeting 1st and 3d
Turf.; children's Lotus crcup Sun. II a. m.
MEET1XG KOTlCEsO
ARTLt'M ot floliien Gate Commandery _""'""
J.'o. IS, K T., Ci Putter St.— Officers c j3_*-
_a_ aiembers cru hereby nctifW to Jj
a£M?rrMe in full uniform at the asy- 3-4
£tua TO-DAY ct 1_ K. for the purpose **
of _Uen^triH the funeral of our late frater
Kir MARCKLLt:S AMERICKK DOH.V.
Eminent Commander.
TV_. T. FONDA. Recorder.
MISSION Lodce No. 1C9. F. and A. M-- at
Officers and members are hi»reb5- noti- __Ri
;>ed tu attend the funeral of our late JfT
iTother, P»nt Waster MAHCi_L.LrS A. *^r\
DOBX, TO-DAY rEu-fOay). nt l!:30 n. m..
5r.ni M.iBcnic Teau'le, Pest and Mcat-
K__ery -tt. ay orJe r «-f the IV. . ii.
;- CEO.; I*. FLACK. Secretary.
FlDnUTY L«ripe No. 32<\ F. and A. M~ _T~
~ pfTU* II and members are requested _1*
to be present THIS DAY (Sunday), at X_K
30 su m.. for the purpose cf conducting f\r »
the funeral ceremonies of our late brother.
JOHN IIAYHP. late a member of Amad-jr
Jyvlee No. 6J, Jackeon. Cal. Funeral con:-
mittec* -,-i 5 1 pte?s<* note. I5y order of the
W. M. FREDERICK PARRY. SecreUry.
X. tl. n. W. — Funeral Notice — The officers ar.d
n«nil«n of th* tirend «nd tsnbordin&te par-
lorr. N. S. C %V.. are hereby notified to meet
* at 12 m. rharj\ FUNDAY, October 21. at X.
8. O. W. Hall. 414 Ma*on St.. for the purpose
r.f attMWUns th* funeral of Past Grand rrtbi-
_ent aiAItC—LLT.'S A. DOHN.
R. C RITST. Grand President.
HEXBT _.Ur»STEDT, G— _d Becretary.
MEETING NOTICES.
TERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I. <?_*£_>.
O. o. F.— Brother*: Tou arp r»>-
quested to assemble In Memorial
Hall SUNDAY, 12 o'clock, to at- ""»V*
tend the funeral of our late brother, M. A.
LORN. JOHN A. OHLgEN. N. Q. pro tern.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.— __SO_SI__
Initiation TO-MOUROW EVEN- *_2*fS?V_|
ING (Monday). Oct. 22. *S_ffiS_3P
W. W. DUNCAN. N. G. **-»—-
CHAS. O. PARADIS. R. g. -
FIDELITY Lodge No. Z3. I. O. O. .'*«_fcS^ l _.
F.— Initiation MONDAY EVEN- ?,'Z2&!Sir
ING; visiting brothers cordially
invited. ' '.
W— ¦ B. CURTIS. N. Q.
WOODMEN of the World. — — •" <|
Golden Gate Camp No. ¦¦¦¦¥%
M-MiraMs arc hereby t^^-^v^pZMj'a t\
notified to attend ih«» fu- '-
ncral of our late neigh- CfrJ— »' "1f~'
bcr. RICHARD J. RING. *
Funday at 1:30 p. m.. from his late residence.
2iC0 Oreenwich st.. thence tr» St. Brigtd s
Church Van Ness avenue and Broadway, at
2 p. m." E. R- ENGLEMAN.
Consul Commander.
D. OLIVER JR.. Clerk.
WOODMEN of the World. _-_fl
Ooldea Gate Oimi> No. gg
M-Membera are hereby _—^ftw^TiTPwfjl
notified to attend the V^^IC^-EfkBC^j
funoral of our !;ite rvMxh- VT.'jS*'^ ™ r -" 1 * "'
Ixr, CHARLKS E. R1E-
DEL. BUKDAT. at 2 o'clock p. m., from
his late residence. C723 Twenty-sixth St.. near
Guerrero. E. R. ENGLEMAN.
Consul Commander.
D. OLIVER JR.. Clerk.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — Pursuant to
resolution of the board of directors, a mcet-
lnsr o( the stockholders of The Sime Company
will be. held at tJie principal place of business
of said company, viz., rooms 26-37 of the Sth
flwrr, Mills building, San Francisco. Cal., on j
WEDNESDAY, the 31st day of October. 1900, j
at 1:30 p. m. The object of th« meeting is i
to diminish the capital stock to $2500. cr 12H j
«-ents per share, and to transact such >3ther
busir.fFs as may some before the meeting.
ALBERT C. AIKEN, President.
Dated August £3. l£00. a •
ANNUAL MEETING — Regular annual meet-
Ing of stockholders of the KILAUEA SUOAR
Plantation co. win be held at the office
of the company. No. 327 Market Bt.. Pan
Francisco. California, on WEDNESDAY,
the 24th day of October. 1900. at 11 o'clock
a m. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business, as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
close on Saturday, October 13, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. PHELDON.4 Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
LIVE agents to handle latest triumph In Gaso-
line Gas Lqmpe; Just out; highest quality;
newest design; guaranteed; staple goods; ex- j
ceptional inducements; references. Corn Ex- |
change National Bank. AMERICAN LIGHT-
ING CO., manufacturers, Chicago.
GENERAL agents in even' locality throughout
the D. S. to represent large concern and ap-
point agents on a strictly salary basis of $S5
monthly and all expense*. Dept. 205, Park
ave. and 330th St., New York City.
WANTED— Good reliable agents who can pro- j
duce business for a reliable Investment com-
ranv; can secure a good contract: salary and
commission. Call Monday at 609 Parrott bldg. |
SHOW ycur colors; blow your cigar and eci
the dollars: 10c in' stamps pets samples se- |
curely mailed and Information. Agents Sui~
ply Co.. 11_ Market st.. S. F.
WANTED — A iiartner with J5000 cash: an ex-
clusive business ; no competition: good money
from the start: will bear investigation: call In
person. HERRICK. 141" Brush St.. Oakland.
AGENTS— Do you want something —..»!•« profit-
able and eaFier to s<ell than books or ins'ir-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
INSURANCE solicitors, life, fire, marine, j
wanted for side line. Address box 4180, Call.
TO handle Robinson's Thermal Bath Cabinet.
Paciflc Agents' Supply Co.. 1220 Treat ave.
ASPHALTU3I KOOF1XG.
J PELTIER, aophalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
'floors laid, repaired; postal. 11S6 Mission st.
~ ASTPtOLOGV.
DR. C. T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer: call
for free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
MME. HICKEY— AstrolOKist: horoscopes. 50c:
card reading and palmistry. 25c- 193S Mission, j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market _t.,
room €27— Estates, damages, attachment*-,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases: fair fees;
na advance charges: money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success" : collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, g50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.: phone Red 62C2^
FREE advice; divorce laws, dama«res. estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket et.; consultation free: no fees In advance
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, »*nt to any address in the
I'nlted States cr Canada one year for Jt,
postage paid.
DATII CABINETS.
ROBINSON J5. 4-panel Toldlng: door opens: firm
and safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 416 Ellin.
BOAKUING FOR CHILDREN.
j,\DY with own home would like 1 or 2 small
chilUrPn to board; Rood care. SI1S Sixteenth.
GOOD home; private schooling: music: Ger-
man; ?17 a month. Box 41SS. Call offlce. .
WIDOW would like two children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 249 Shipley Bt.
BOARD for little girl; best of care; reasonable.
4 Church lane, near Church and 16th sts.
PRIVATE family would like to board a child.
609 Jones . st.
WANTED— A Fmall chiid to board; good home.
MXS'/i Green st.
LADY would like a child to board '.U gooil
home. 91 South Park.
llCSIXESS CHANCES.
A— RARE chence; coffee and tea route: clears
Jl_ month. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A — LIVERY and boarding stable; park loca-
tion: good chance. Cowing & Co.. 719 Market.
A BUTCHER shop: first-class location; good
prices; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
1 A PLUMBING shop: line location: snap for
; good man. COWING & CO.. 713 Market st.
'¦ A— RESTAURANT in best part of city; must
j be sold this day. COWING, 719 Market st.
i A— HOTKL; best location: money maker: call
I at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et.
A— ROOMING house; north Market: fin* loca-
tion; clears $75 month. COWING. 719 Market.
A — GROCERY store: fine location; receipts $150
day; positive bargain. Cowing & Co.. 719 Mkt.
A FINE wholesale and retail fruit business;
bargain. COWING & CO., 715 Market st.
I \.- KIJITIT store; be?t location: living rooms;
i must be sold. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
i A— J12iO; FA LOON with 10 furnished rooms;
j close. to Hall of Justice; place establ. many
¦ rears an<! doln?; a good business; owner en-
I paged otherwise cause of sale; a bargain.
fall R. «. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
j A — $300; DINING room and restaurant with
I private lunch rooms In leading private hotel;
I doae to OTarrell ami Mason; SOsteady board-
] ers; a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26t£
! Kenrny st.
1 A— COAL, wood, hay and grain; fine paying
I bu.siiits^; boo<1 corner; cheap rent; 3 horses,
j 3 wagons; harnesses, etc.; everything flrst-
j class; must sell; make oft'or. Lane, 8Jo Mrkt.
; JEO-PARTNEIt in old-entabllehed offlce busl-
i ness, clearing $7." to tlto a month to each; no
I experience rcquirrd. ' LANE, &65 Market st.
I J2.7)— RESTAURANT in a fine location: good
bus.: grpat bargain. Lane & Co., 863 Market.
"IIONKKT SPECULATION"— Send for my
I "method" cf "Security Investments" If satis-
fied with reasonable profits; Investments by
| this method In! stocks £ grain have earned In
i at days more than a mechanic earns In CO:
' Bend' fcr free particulars: customers & bank
I references. R. JONES. Investment Broker.
40 Exchange place, New York.
PARTNER wanted In an old established whole--
' sale and retail liquor store; this la a chance
( of a lifetime for a party of means and ah! I -
1 Ity: principals cnly. Address Owner, box
i 27fc2. Call offlce.
RARE chance— Old-cstablifihed hctel; good op-
portunity for the right party; to let, furnished
I or unfurnished. Apply 1448 San- Bruno ave.
j WOOD and coal yard : I wagon». 1 ho— <e. scale.
: etc. for sale. 1109 Florida tt., between
| Twrr.ty-third and Twenty-fourth. . .
• WANTED— Capital; newly patented 3 ball bear-
| ing for carriages and wagons and . bicycle
| tire. IJox 4198. Call office.
i STATIONERY, notion, cigar and candy store;
¦ laundry offlce; no agents. Apply 310 Turk *t.
i 1 ___ —
•A GOOD clirar. news and fruit store; must
¦ nell; price «00. EMERY. 3 Eddy st.
J1C0 MONTHLY; fine opportunity.' for lady or
i man and wife; Investigate. 1~6 Market, r. S3.
FOR sale — Good-paying laundry . business;
cheap. Address P, O. box 353. Ban Rafael.
$75— STORE! aad 3 furnished - rooms tor sale;
must be told at once. 217A Eleventh Bt.
BUSINESS CHANCES—CONTINUED.
MANY choice business openings; good values;
we have ¦ .
22 groceries and bars; price from..$S00 to $2000
19 branch bakeries; price from... "..$200 to $1150
23 cfg-ar stores; price from ..$125 to $1600
37 saloons; price from $225 to $6000
34 restaurants; price from $150 to $2500
3 butcher shops; price from $350 to $1500
4 country hotels; price from $1250 to $3000
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market St., bet.
6th and 6th; telephone Mint 1911.
FOR SALE— Half interest in butcher business
In good town; does a business of $1000 a week;
little capital req_ired; being close to Western
Meat Co.. gets bupplies dally; personal
reasons for selling. Address P. O. box 228,
Palo Alto. Cal.
SAN FRANCISCO College of Midwifery— Term
will open at an early day. Those wishing to
take the course will apply at once to DR S.
AMERICAN. 1244 Mission St. -
GOOD chance for somebody with some capital
in a health resort; mineral spring. Address
box 41C1.» Call offlce.
FOR 8ALE— A bargain; fine saloon and grill;
good location; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. Particulars 312 Sacramento st.
CHICAGO Brokerage Co., 305 So. 53d ave., Chi-
cago — Sells your business or farm for cash
wherever located; get partner or sell your
patent.
WANTED— To lease cr manage on shares, a
newspaper route; city or Oakland. Eox 473S,
Call ciflce.
AvRGAIN — Photograph vltw nega-
tives, camera outfits, mounts, lenses. 101
Eddy st.. room 11.
PARTNER In mfg. business: e*t. 1876; capital
required $4000 to T500O. O. M.. box 22. Call.
QROCKRT business ' for sale; established 19
years. GUY H. SALISBURY, San Jose.
FOR SALE— GODEL'S 1 I'hctograph Gallery, 19ft
Sixth st. ,
FOR sale — 5 mining claims, engine and mill;
plenty wood and water; Shasta County. W.
H., 412 Commercial et.
WANTED— Man with some ready cash to loan
or as partner In manufacture of flrat-class au-
tomobile. Box 3669, Call offlce.
I20C0— HALF Interest in old-established busi-
ness. Box 36?S, Call.
AN old established Jewelry store for sale cheap
on account of illness. Box 3668, Call offlce.
A— RESTAURANT at 148 Fifth St.. doing good
business; the cause of sale sickness; good
chance for man and wife.
A, PROFITABLE manufacturing business for
sale; email capital required. Call at 116 Sec-
ond st.. third floor, rm. 1, and investigate.
14-ROOM house; newly furnished; always full;
gat, bath. TtO Howard et.
VALUABLE Canadian patent: iron: business
for life; absolute control: fortune to buyer*.
Box 3644, Call office.
$J5?— SALOON with 3 living rooms; cause of
sale, 'other business. Apply at saloon, 154
Fifth at.
GOOD business chance: day saloon; rent cheap.
O. W. GRAMS, 200 Clay; wholesale district.
BAKERS— Bakery for sale; bargain. NW. cor-
ner Twenty-fourth ar.d Guerrero sts.
A SNAP — Coffee and chop house: rheumatism
compels sale at once. 239 Eighth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements anU subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Vnlencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS, rent $60. residence, clears $51... $750
15 rooms, cor., part cash, hard wood 850
16 rooms, cor., elegant, bunny, clears $78. 1500
30 rooms, cor., apartments, $105 clear.... 2S00
33 rooms, cor., S. Mkt.. new, clears $97.. 2600
42 rooms, cor., downtown, urgent sale, offices..
First floor big income, best location in city.
Onlv a few, of my 217 houses. Please call.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., r. 1.
24 ROOMS; best paying house north of Market.
:«0 rooms; good transient house.
18 rooms; rent 135; price only $5C0
83 rooms; corner; a bargain.
69 rooms: a bargain 14000
EMERY, 3 Eddy St.; phone Mint 1016.
A— 22-ROOM rooming house; central $1000
20-room house; first class 1000
11-room house; $475: 6-room flat..... 325 j
20-room house; Eddy,' rent $75: only 600
FIBHER & CO., 1032 Market 8t.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices; genuine bargains, sizes and
location to suit: money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD _ CO., 917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and
Sixth; phone 1911.
46 ROOMS; $500 cash: cheap Interest: brand
new furniture. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market.
42 ROOMS: cor.; worth $2500; reduced to $2000;
part cash. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st.
t*5O— LODGING-HOUSE. 86 rooms; rent only
$30 month and water free: call and e_amine.
ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
A— FURNISHED house of 7 rooms for sale;
rent of house very cheap; rooms all full. Ap-
ply 1215 Stockton Bt. . '
$150— BARGAIN ; 16-room lodging-house. Apply
. at 439 Dupont st. .
APARTMENT house— 18 rms., well furn.; gas
stoves; water free; always full. 622 G. G. ave.
NICELY furnished IB-room house; cheap rent;
easy term* or cheap for cash. 742 O'Farrell.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
FOR sale— A fine team wagon, nearly new.
Call at 3778 Twenty-fourth st.
SURREY phaeton; seat 4 or 6; price S60. At sta-
bles, SIS Geary st.
AN A No. 1 express wapon, • single, also light
cam ping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand waitons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses. 15th &. Valencia.
griIUTUA_,ISM.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. '
425 GoMeh Gate avenue.
Late of Los Anselts.
Mrs. Duval Is a natural boin clairvoyant
and business medium. She tells your past,
: present and future life, diagnoses diseases,
! cures deafness, etc. If there are obstacles In
the path of your life she can tell you how to
overcome them and how to avoid them.
! Mrs. Duval has practiced successfully In Los
' Angeles for the paet nine years for all the
principal business people, as well as those In
the highest society, and still has patrons there,
; to whom she will continue to give her valuable
! advice.
j AKKIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
! spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
• lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
: rated; mining a specialty; clr*.Sun.,Wed.,Frl.
ev's; corao and be convinced. (Permanently)
613 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and LarUln; no sign.
MRS. HARRISON, spirit medium; sittings
dally: this week only; 25c, 60c, $1; circle Sun-
day evening; l»a (S58 Mission St.
MEDIUM and palmist; readings this week, 25o
r.nd 50c; satisfaction guaranteed. ( Room 14,
1239 Market st.
MRS KOTTEK, 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day. 2 &
j 8 p. m.; 10c; sittings dally; G., $1; L., 60c.
I PROF. GEE. medium— Startling tests; circlet
every night. 10c; readings. SOc. $1. 148 6th.
MME. MAJORS. gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st.;, room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, slt.daliy; convlnc'g tests to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, te^t. busl-
neg» medium, life reader: ylttlnrg $1. 1104 Mlct.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. BERNARD
17 Thira st., near Market.
This famous clairvoyant and business me-
dium Is now located in San Francisco.
She reads life fluently, tells your past, and
reveals to you your future: gives, valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of business, love affairs, di-
vorce and lawsuits.
By her wonderful power she unites the sepa-
rated.
If you are contemplating going into business
of any kind, buying or veiling stocks, see Mme.
Bernard at once; her advice will be valuable to
j you.
These are exciting days In oil stocks In Cali-
fornia and you will find her advice as to what
to buy and when to Bfell of great value, and by
following her advice you will make no mistake.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil &' second sight,
diagnoses disease I with life reading: "ladles
• SOc. gent $1: palm & clalr. sit, tl 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
Cth; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
M11E. BERNARD, reads life . fluently: advice
,"!v»n in all affair* tn life; satisfaction guar-
• snteed: 25c up. 17 Third Bt., next Examiner.
JUST returned, MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clalrvoy-
ant, card reader; mental questions answered;'
ladies, 25c; gents,' COc. 34 Sixth St., room 6. .
MRS. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor St., near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p.m.; Frl. 8; clr. 25c.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller, gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fnlton st.. near Larkln. - ;
MME.' IIAKS.CN, -palmistry, card reader; 'past,
present, future. 2Sc. 148 Sixth tu, room 14. :
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant,' card reader;
Elttlngs dally. 448% Jessie st.
MKS. CAMERON, card reader, medium : 25o up. /
123 Mission et.; don't forget number j rip. beu.
EXPERT OPTICIAKS.
KYES examined free: spectacle* P«>P« T ._ r ,£ < i~
jnPted. K. Mannw. oculist optician. "0 Mkt.
PINAKCIAU _^_
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind _for
File call or address FACIinC COAST UN-
DERWRIT1NO CO.. 804 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS and houses, etc., to rent
H27 Washington St.. flat, 8 rooms »33
1207% Devisadero St.. flat. « rooms «
¦16O9H Turk »t., flat. 6 rooms J»
1424 Howard St., flat, 6 rooms «
6I0C Jessie st., flat, S. rooms »
230. Tehama St.. flat. S rooms »»
634 Elizabeth St.. cottage. 5 rooms i»
17 Minna St., flat. « rooms ,U*i;"\:*L
Flatg wanted. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
TWO partly furnished flats; 4 rooms; $3 and 93
Federal st., near Second: rent |12 each. Ap-
ply MADISON - BURKE.
SUNNY desirable flats; Oak and Laguna sts.;
7. 8. 9 rooms: rent reasonable. Apply MADI-
SON & BURKE.
A SNAP; 4 rooms, clean and sunny; reduced
to f8. 14S4H Howard st. __
FRENCH flat of 4 rooms: porcelain bath and
wash trays. 3514 23d St.. near Guerrero.
HAIGHT, 4:5B, near Flllmore— Flat of 4 sunny
rooms; yard; basement: laundry; $11.
IF you want to move get print*- list flats to !«?
from pALDWiN * HOW»H_ 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat: 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry.
storeroom, $11. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmor*.
MINNA. 1012. near 11th— 4 sunny rooms, hall
and large yard; rent $13.
REED. 2&— 3 cozy rooms: rent 110. Apply 1325
Washlngto nst., near Jones.
SUNNY bay-window flat 'of 6 rooms and bath;
rent t20. 3307 Twenty-first St.. cor. Valencia.
SUNNY flat. 8 rooms and bath. 115 Leaven-
worth st. ¦
VALLEJO, 1111— Four Funny rooms and bath;
. all newly patxrod and palntel. , •
2 NEW elegant flats. 7 rooms, bath and toilet.
Pine, near Taylor. •-
$11— FINE flat. 4 large rooms, bath: gas and
large yard. 332S Nineteenth St.. between San-
chez and Noe: key upstairs. _____
«7_4-ROOM flat* on Victor st.. oft Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 341_j3rva___
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $« M. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar-
kefst.; telephone South 637.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jeagle 781.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1384.
ALWAYS "phone John 10« before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctloneer-L. Vincent.. 1305 Larkin; tel Polk «9*.
furniture & furn'd housea bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.). buys
furniture, carpets.- 757 Mission; tel. Red JS53.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Salt Lake City, Utah, fare here;
head waitress, city, $25; 2 waitresses, city,
$20; waitresses for different commercial coun-
try hotels, |20 and $25; 4 chambermaids to
wait, city and country. $20; 2 chambermaids.
$18; woman cook, $30; 2 plain laundresses,
game hotel. $25 and $20. and many others....
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Italian housekeeper. $15; mother and daugh-
ter, cook and assistant, city, 140; section
cook, see party here: second girl and assist
with children. $20; cook, small family, city.
: $30; cook, four in family and 4 In help, $30;
and too many orders for houseglrls. second
girls, nu— legirls. city and country, to enu-
merate. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— A woman cook for small country
. hotel; wages $40; 37 miles from city on rail-
road: must be good, plain and competent
cook; also for same place, a girl for dining-
room and to assist with laundry. For partic-
ulars call at Golden West Hotel. Monday, Oct.
22, and inquire for MISS C. COLOMBET. be-
tween the hours of 10 and 12 a. m.
GIRL for general housework in a small' mod-
ern house: family of three; must be good
cook: wages $20. Call forenoons 10 to 12. or
address 1117 Green St.; take O'Farrell-st. cars.
REFINED middle-aged or elderly woman as
housekeeper for 2 children; permanent to
rlpht party; 'wages $10; country; no trtSers.
Address C. E. HATCH. Elk P. P.. Cal.
WANTED— Ladles to copy letters at home,
everywhere: pleasant work; good pay; full
particulars, terms, etc; reply with stamp.
The Cutler Co.. Dept. 3. Chicago. 111. -
GIRL to assist in light housework for three
: adults; flat. Call 131S Fulton st.
, EDUCATED lady for philanthropic work; low
I salary: send age and reference. Box 4178. Call.
; GOOD reliable girl or middle-aged woman to
. assist in housework; good home. 4034 Seven-
teenth St., near Castro. - ; v .^
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants: steady
work. Apply. E. H. LEVY (Inc.). 513 Market.
SEWING machine operators and crocheters.
J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk »t.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in general
housework. Apply 1518 Vallejo st.
WANTED— Experienced seamstress who under-
stands plain sewing and making alterations.
Apply box 4190. Call offlc.e.
i WANTED— A woman not under 25 by a whole-
[ sale house to travel; must be trustworthy and
:' accurate. Box 4185, Call offlce. -'-. .•? ¦:
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steam
power. G. W. REYNOLDS, 697 Mission at.,
corner Second. . *
OPERATORS on waists. NEWBAUER BROS.,
; .18 First st.
EXPERIENCED ryirse to take care of baby.
2202 Jackson st. '
YOUNG lady for stage; flrst-class company;
experience unnecessary; references. Box Z77S,
Call offlce. . _* '
GERMAN girl or woman who speaks the lan-
guage correctly. 3341 Twenty-fourth st., fore-
noons^ '
LADY to take care of a child 4 years old at
her home. 88 Third st.
TAILORESS and one finisher on ladles' Jack-
ets. A. KAHN. 142 Geary st.
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts; steady
work: good pay. Lowenberg Co.. 27 Jessie st.
IMPROVERS on skirts and waists wanted.
j FRANCES. 796 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on ladles' tailoring
wanted. FRANCES. 79t gutter Bt.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking. 818 Jones st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt band for ladles' tailor;
also an apprentice; paid while learning. VER-
DIER. 984 Geary St. "
WANTED— A middle-aged woman for cham-
berwork and play piano for sporting house;
good pay to right party. Add. box 2733, CalL
WANTED— Girl who understands cording. Box
27S8, Call offlce. .-
GIRL wanted to assist in fur store; age 16 to
17. 115 Grant ave.
LUNCH waitress for small restaurant. J40 Sut-
ter st. - ¦ . . =
REFINED girl for light second work and to
take care of child 7 years old; call between
10 and 13. 2203 Buchanan st.
YOUNG woman to assist shoe fitter. Call Sun-
day, 31 Second st.. top floor.
GIRL wanted for light housework. Call at
I1S4 Twenty-second Bt.
PATTERNS'. PATTERNS! PATTERNS!
At the McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School; all late patterns cut to order; satis-
faction Guaranteed; sewing department open
ta all; bring your material and make it under
a competent dressmaker; superior advantages
. in millinery department; Pratt system of N,
Y. taugl t : hats trimmed to order. McDO W-
ELL'S. lOtt Market Bt.
WANTED— A woman who has had some expe-
rience nursing the sick. Address room 813.
Central Bank building, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS operators on Singer machines:
electric power; high wages. 231 Powell st.
GOOD home for girl 14 years with man and
wife; small wages. 3286 Sacramento st.
GIRL or woman to make herself generally use-
ful In small family. 1107 Filbert St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman. Intelligent and ener-
getic, to represent established firm, offlce
manager; conducted from one's own home; to
right party $1000 yearly. Mgr. Branch Offlce
Dept. 502. Star bldg.. Chicago.
A LIMITED number of bright young girls will
, be taken for instruction In our white shirt
and overall departments; paid while learning.
Standard Shirt r Factory, corner Gougb and
•Grove sts. »
A LADY of Indomitable energy possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right party.
F., PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
GIRL or woman for light housework; wages
.J15. 2427 Sutter St. ,
WANTED— A girl for light housework. Apply
3003 Sixteenth at., near Mission.
EXPERIENCED sheepskin and driving glove-
makers. F. G. Con kiln & Co.. 413 Sacramento.
OPERATORS on Infants' wear: wage* $8 ta 118;
; eltctrta power. Cala. Underwear Co., 1033 Mkt.
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
A GOVERNESS to go to Mexico: stats salary,
references. Address W. LOAIZA. &. CO.. 214
Sansoma st. . *
EXPERIENCED hand for body troner; short
hours. 251 Jessie st.. near Fourth.
LADIES to solicit for novelty corset: salary and
commission. A. L... box 3680. Call of nee.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on trait.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2Z0O Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st,
IlEMiP WASTED-MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Pbone Main 5S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT-7 A. AL. MONDAY
A— 20 laborers for mills, yards and wood.i;
i large sawmill company.... S2S to S4O aad •: t
driver for delivery wagon, city $12 — reek
carpenter for the mines, STj; mlnKlo har.i
miners
60 laborers, city and country.. II 75 and $3 day
10 plow teamsters $_S and $30 and found
25 ranch hands.... butter makers and milkers
: Men to dlitr sw»et potatoes $30 and found
Coachmen farmer and wife, see boss he— t
Carriage painter blacksmith
Harness maker boy fcr milk wagon.
Lumber pliers. |60 drillers
Chore boys. etc. MURRAY & REAJDT. 884-
636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL
Cook for hospital, ten men HI and found
Cook for ranch. $50 and found: experienced
man for delicatessen store- $10 and found
Coatmaker $55 to £20 weelc
MURRAY & READY. 834-63S Clay st.
A— 26 COOKS $3), $40. »33. $30 and found
18 waiters $35, $30. $2> aad found
13 laundrymen, butchers, porters.
Markers for laundry.
MURRAY & READY. «34 and C« Clay rt.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO D4. GEARY ST.
RAILROAD WORK.
S stonemason*, railroad work. Nevada... (3 59
stonemason foreman. R. R. work, Cal.. 4 EO
B0 teamsters, R_ R. work, Nevada. a 00
60 laborers. R. R. work. Nevada J W)
Fre« fare. Ship daily. Free- fare.
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT.
chef. $S0 to 1100; 2 second cooks. wbo> eaa da
pastry, S6O U> *«): X dishwashers. J30; bror.sr.
hotel. J5O; 8 waiters, hotels and restaurants,
country. $30 and J-, a week; 3 bell and eleva-
tor boys. $10 and $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 O~ARY ST.
A— 8 CARPENTERS, I painter. 20 eablnet-mak-
ers, 20 benchhands. S sticker-hands, 1 sas^t
¦ and door man at Mechanics' Reglstratlca
Bureau. 410 Kearny St., room 9. Non- onion
mechanics p!eas» register; no offlce Tea.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie _2.
WANTED — Offlca boy In largo offlca: gnod
place for boy who ha* bad the right kind ot
home training; must be cleanly, quirk, will-
inc and bright: give age, where last em-
ployed, references, eta. Box 2787. Call ofHcc
A NEAT, clean, well-mannered colored yousg
nan as Hght porter In men's furnishing store;
must come well recommended; W week ta
start. 623 Market st.. after 10 a. m.
DRUG clerk: a reliable, competent prescrip-
tion cleric wanted in a prominent drugstoro;
one who speaks German and French pre>
ferred. Box 27S3. Call offlce.
WANTED — First-class salesman to take _• a
side line California produce; Nevada. UtsUi
and Montana. Apply 301 Drum— i st.
WANTED— Experienced crockery packer; no
others n«ed apply. Call between 9 and 10
Monday mernlnsr, 123 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants: steady
work. Apply E. H.J^EVY (Inc.). 613 Market.
TOUNG man with experience desire* position
with coatmaker. Box 4172. Call.
WANTED— Registered pharmacist; give refer-
ence and salary expected. Box 4173. Call.
RELIABLE ycung gasfltter; steady work. £.3
Golden Gate ave.
GOVERNMENT positions — Don't presare for
postoffice or any civil service examination
without seeing catalogue of Information, free.
Columbian Corres. College. Washington. D. C.
MAN of energy and integrity: business depart-
ment magazine; age; ref. Box 4179. Call.
3 ELECTRICIANS: call Sunday, bet, U and
12 a. m. Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 423
Kearny Bt.
10 FIRST-CLASS house «hinglers. Call bet. ~9
and 1! this morning. S04 Market st.
STRONG boy to do packing. NEWBAUER
BROS.. 13 First st.
MAN for Industrial debit: 8 to 9 a. no.. 3 tot
p. m. M. L. RYAN, room «. 405 Montgomery.
BOYS wanted. Apply 111 Clay st.
RESPONSIBLE roan for Janitor; offlc* build-
ing. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
BASSOS and tenors for vested choir; lnstruo-
tlon given in sight reading. The Good Sa-
maritan Mission. Second st.. near Folsom.
AN energetic man of large city acquaintance
for outside work. Box 41S3. Call ofQce.
WANTED— Machine edge trimmer and setter.
WENTWORTH-SWITZER SHOE CO.. 113
Pine st. /
GOOD canvassers for holiday and standard
bocks: men or women. THE J. DEWING
CO., Flood building.
WANTED— Boy to le_rn trade. Apply 141 Fre-
mont st.
WANTED— A good coatmaker at 520 Kearny
Ft., first floor, room 1.
A STRONG boy who has worked at horseshoe-
InV- 1817 Folsom St., Monday.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor on ladles' coata.
VERDIER. 9S4 Geary st.
BOY for Jewelry trade. R. BC JAUNOFF, 1?
Ltck place. Lick House.
GOOD general baker; evenings, 8 to 11: bright
prospect, sober, reliable man. Box 4157. Call.
AN experienced milk wagon driver wantet—
1406 Devisadero st.
TINNER wanted. J. B. BUTTERWORTH.
1S09 Polk st.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Mont-
gomery St.. room 6. third floor: convenient.
A CAKE baker: wages $40; board and lodging.
2308 Twenty-fourth street.
BOY to work in blacksmith shoo. Call at 421
Fifth -t. ¦
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists, electrician*
. —Send for new 40-page pamphlet containing'
list of questions asked by Examining Board of
Engineers. GEO. A. ZELLER. St. Louis. Mo.
MAN to travel and appoint agents: to satis-
factory hustler with good references $1000 and
expenses; permanent; rapid promotion. Add.
Mgr. "Travelers." 501 Star bldg., Chicago.
$12 STRAIGHT bon'a fide weekly salary direct
from office; expenses extra commissions; cap-
able men. women to represent us appointing
agents: promotion and Increase salary: new
lines. Butler 4 Alger. New Haven. Conn.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
jkgood opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
**room 412. Parrott building.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 713 Davis
street.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. M2 Mission St.. bet. lat and 2d lU.
WANTED— -An experienced delivery clerk with
gocd references for grocery and liquor house.
Address M. P. O. box. 380 Sacramento. Cat.
A BRISK, cmart young man. good address,
who will undertake management of a well-
established monthly. Box 4160. Call office.
WANTED— Fur nailer; given a steady Job.
PACKERT. SIS Leavenworth St.. bet. Edu7
and Ellis. .'
FIRST-CLASS watchmaker; steady position;
city store; state previous employment; ref-
ences. Box 4103. Call office.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento St.. near Montgomery: one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, weli-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 533 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 lars*»
rooms; 25c per night; II to 12 per week.
"-CHAIR shop doing from $30 to $35 per week;
this is a bargain and must be sold at once.
Box 3697. Call offlce.
WANTEIV- Steady man to take half Interest In,
commission business: $150 required. MC-
LAUGHLIN A CO.. 777% Market st.
YOUNG man wanted to learn the barber trade;
easy terms. 713 Mission st.
GROCERY clerk wanted. 13 to 22 years of age.
1622 Waller st., cor. Shrader.
SMART boy for offlce. $15 and board. Apply
own handwriting. Box 3634, Call office.
BARBER shop for sale: good chance for mar-
ried man. . Call 1094 Valencia st.
WANTED— 100 men to tak<» rooms. 10c, 15o ana
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
GET your shoes balf soled while waiting: 2So
to SOc 5(3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and SJ sts.
STOLTZ. barber suppLes. removed from 833
Market (basement) to fcs Market St.. upstair? i.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. Jl per week, at
cash prices. .N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 23 Stea»r_
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED-—FEMALE.
A UST OF GIRLS WANTING WORK.
In private families... Telephone Grant ISo
S Scandinavian, > 4 . German •; ana 5 American
cooks. I Swedish laundresses, German infant
nurse, German lady's companion ahd nurse,
4 i German and Scandinavian house girls, 4
second girls, 2 young girls to assist.....
"WANTING HOTEL WORK. City or Country.
- 25 waitresses, 20 ¦¦ chambermaids, 10 laund-
resses, 8 American cooks, 5 paetry cooks and
bakers, 4 nr«t-class housekeepers
...Telephone Grant 185
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ....104 Geary at.
KEFINED young woman with little girl a«ed
7 would like a position as housekeeper: can
give best of references. Call at 161 Chatta-;
nooga St., corner of Twenty-third.
GOOD economical housekeeper wants a place
in a small, quiet home; city or Oakland; S3
or »4 a week. Address J. H.. box «170. Call.
RELIABLE woman wants any kind of light
work by the day or half day. Address 71aA
Post st. ¦
RELIABLE woman wishes situation as house-
keeper; best of references; wages |20. 125
Diamond et. : - . - ' ¦
WOMAN student wants evening work; teach,
nurse, watch, clerk; IIP month. Box 416.. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants position as t
housekeeper. Address MRS. A. Q-. 210 Eddy, j
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work; good cook; wages $12; city or country.
10 Wetmore place, bet. Mason and Powell sts.
LADY leaving for Honolulu desires situation
for her French nursery governess. Apply at
The Eugene. 265 O'Farrell St., Monday morn-
Ing-, 11 to 1, room 68. .
A YOUNG woman would like a situation as
I housekeeper In city, or , country If desired.
Cox <181. Call office. _________
A WOMAN wants work by the day at wash-
Ing and ironing; no half-day; terms $1 60 per
day. Address 316% Langton tt.
SITUATION wanted by colored girl aa house-
mald or chambermaid. Call at 16 Lewis at.
WOMAN— Situation to do general housework
by the day. 414 Clementina St., bet. Fifth and
Sixth. -
GERMAN girl Just arrived from the East de-
sires position general housework; cooking if
necessary; good references. Box 2TS4, Call.
WANTED— Place to work moraines at cham-
ber work by a respectable woman: Sundays
i excepted. Address Advertiser, 517 Leaven-
worth st. . •
NURSE with experience to take care of Invalid
lady or gentleman; city or country; city ref-
erences. Box 4200. Call offlce.
WAITING at table or by the day. 403 Third.
EASTERN woman, elderly, desires work by
day, week or month; used to children; cook-
ing and washing; wages $12 month. Call at
250 Tehama st^ .
LADY'S nurse, English, certificate, would Ilka
a few engagements; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress MR8. H.. Call branch, 300 Hayes st.
YOUNG German girl wants a place for house-
work; wages 120. Call at 4*17 Eighteenth st.,
near Castro.
A LADY for general housework or housekeeper.
.347 Clementina -t.
BY. young woman with a small child, as work-
ing housekeeper; city or country. 3 Seventh.
LADY stenographer, experienced, who has her
own machine, desires position. Address box
2CE5. Call office.
WOMAN to do housework by the day or take
washing home. Address MRS. DAVIS, 21
Falcon eve.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 2Sc to tl 60 night, II 50 to jr.
' —eek; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED adveitlscments and subscriptions
received at Call brunch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at iG9« Va-
lencla st. '
EMPLOYMENT WAIVTEp MALE.
A— ATTENTION hotel and restaurant keeper..
C. R. Hansen & Co., telephone Grant 185, haa
a number of first-class chefs, bakers and
pastry cocks, butchers and all-round cooks,
also waiters. waitresses, chambermaids,
kitchen and laundry help wanting situations,
city or country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101
Geary st.
ATTENTION, ranchers, farmers, dairies, log-
ging camps, sawmills, mines and contractors.
...All orders for men we can fill promptly...
Telephone Grant 185
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary »t.
WANTED — By ranchman, - married, place on
* ranch; California experience in fruit, general
farming and stock; good milker; can run an
engine: practical man; good working fore-
man; will work for $25 and found or |32 50 per
month and*flnd own provisions; wants place
with use of small house for family; have own
household goods; will go any place; family
are good workers in fruit when wanted; wife
a good cook. Address A. LORING, Skyland,
Santa Cruz Co.. Cal.
•GERMAN grocery clerk and barkeeper wishes
a situation; first-class references. W. BOH-
LING. 417 Kearny st.
COMPETENT double-entry bookkeeper with 3
or 4 hours daily to spare would like set of
books to write up or expert; day or evening.
Address box 4165. Call office. -
MIDDLE-AGED man, strictly trustworthy,
good references, desires position as watch-
man or janitor: 20 years a resident of this
city. Address E. &. 3992 Army St.
WANTED— By youns man employed- during i
day, evening work as bookkeeper, stenog-
rapher, typewriter, copyist, cashier, etc.; best
references. Address P. O. box 2268.
YOUNG man wishes position as porter and as- }
sixtant barkeeper: not afraid of work. Ad- i
dress box 3S50. Call office. .
PRACTICAL nurse or valet wants position;
steady and strictly sober. «9» Polk st.
WANTED— Position as registered pharmacist;
best places only considered. Box 4174, CalL
BOOKKEEPER desires position; city or coun-
try. Address G. C. L., 1436 Leavenworth St.,
Ban Francisco. • '
SWEDE 35 wants position as porter, hotel,
country; understands bar and horses; smart
and handy. Box 41S7. Call offlce. ,
COOK wants position country hotel, institution
or mining camp. Box 2779, Call office.
1 A YOUNG man wishes position as traveling
salesman for a horseshoeing firm; has been a
blacksmith. Box 41S9, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position In office; ex-
perience and bookkeeping;, best references.
Box 4194. Call office.
A MARRIED man wants a position as bar-
keeper; sober, industrious. Box 4196, Call.
COOK wants work: a good direful cook; or
wouH go as second cook. T. SMITH, 31S j
Minna st. ¦
COACHMAN; can milk cows and care for gar-
den; first-class family reference, j Box ilS'l,
Call oince. . . :
MAN and wife (Americans) wish janitor work
In offlce building or lodging house; references.
Address box 2780, Call office.
A MECHANIC that Is able to keep 100 auto-
matic Singers and Wllcox & Glbbs machines
in perfect repair would like a steady position.
Box 2776, Call office. ¦ '
SITUATION wanted by a young man: in pri-
vate family, willing to do anything; strictly
sober and reliable; reference. Address C.
.. E. E.. 540 Minna st.
YOUNG man wants position as porter or team-
' ster for wholesale nous?. Address G. B., 133i
Washington st. '
STEADY reliable man wishes work; city or
country; Is very handy with tools; also a
good porter and bedmaker. Address I*, OL-
SEN, 631 Sacramento st. ' ¦
GENTLEMAN wishes situation; can run incu-
bators and understands care horses, chickens '
and cattle; wages $15. fill Commercial St.; '
• reference. Barlow. , '
STRONG, active younjr man, 19, wants posi-
tion in book- or general merchandise store
In country. Box 36S1, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man, strong and willing to work,
: would like, a position in town or country;
references; state ralary paid. ; Box 4158,- Call.
A WELL educated man wishes position • ad
traveling or stationary- companion; speaks
English and French; reference. Box 4159, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED good hotel waiter desires
steady pc-ltion. Address H. KIEHL. New
Atlantic ¦ Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
ENGLISHMAN (age 26) of good education and
¦_ address, with 10 . years' business experience,
' seeks responsible position where energy and
tact will be required and lead to promotion:
¦ excellent ref erences ' and • security If required.
Box 3«71. Coll office..
STENOGRAPHER— Young ( man of experience
desires position in 8. F. ; reliable; asst. book-
keeper; law offlce preferred; references; state
particulars and salary. - G. W. McCLOUD.
: ; Stockton. ; :¦ ¦ > , : ¦ .-_--.; : .-.¦-¦:¦ . ,
EXPERIENCED young "'man from the East,
uober and Industrious, wants position as man
of all work; "years last place; best of ref.;
. can take entire charge garden, plumbing, etc,
DANIEL FIBLKORN. 28 Seventh st... ':; v
JAPANESE cook wants position to do cooking
or general work In the family. Call at 783
Haight St.; telephone Page 1501. ¦
EXPERIENCED Japanese typesetter wants a
. . position. :. R. . KAWAMURA. 121 Haight St.' •-
CHINESE boy desires situation as plain cook
In private family; wages }5 week. GEE GEP
- 809 r Ehinont at. l; : .; . . . ¦;¦. i ¦,— .--:;.•
CHINESE desires situation as cook in private.
— family ; ¦ -rages : ISO ; • to ¦' 136. - ONO ~1_P. 809
A Dupont it . •
CLAJRVOY.-XTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR/ the Egyptian Oypsy. draws aside th«
uncurtained yean ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind. > discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied In llfp, consult ISMAR, for she is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame, and her nama haa
become a proverb In thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 6 p." m.. Bun-
days by appointment only, . at her office, 1148
Market, opp. 6th. Full life reading by mall to.
See my large display afi on Page 15 to-day.
ZEMDAR. younsr. (rifted olalr., card reader;
names given; 10 to 9. 3 Fulton St.. r. 29-30.
MRS. MELVILLE}, well-know n clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
i»t and card reading. 25c. 1241H' Market at.
MME. ZEREDA, the _-ypsy. is the great pa.lva-
iat and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh: no sign.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium, 425 Golden Gate ave.
MME. AUC.UST. clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pny; Me. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names riven: 2So uo. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
STANDARD. 31S Guerrero— Curtains «nd blan-
kets renovated. 26c per pair; enrpet» cleaned.
Sc yd.; laying n specialty. Phone Mission KM.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Injr Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Bt.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating; and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Pteam Carpet-Beating- Works, O. II.
, STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth St. ; tel. South 260.
ADVANCE Carptt Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatlnp Works, SS3 Golden
Oate avenue: telephone East 1?6.
'CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
painless :conault'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
OKORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charg* un-
le»s successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
110-COTTAGE 3 sunny rooms; yard; water.
134 Rose ave.. between Gough and Octavla.
DENTISTS.
ATTn^iELECrRCKi^ENrXC'cLrNIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
" 60 up; plates, extractions free, 14 DO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and nilinKs; extraotlona or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years* ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants, j
DR. GEORGE W. LEEIC. 20 O'Farrell st
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c:
! crowns. 13 CO; plates, full set. $3 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lorE, 24 Sixth st. ¦ ¦
"MAIN Ornce" New York Dental Parlors, 101»
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
U3 on crowns and bridses: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 14« Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extracting, 60c: gas given.
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentists at Standard
Dental Parlors, r. 54. Murphy bigg.. 1236 Mkt.
DR. WALSH. S15% Geary, nr. Larkln— Painless
extraction 60c; plates iu up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWKST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction.
60c. New York Dentl«t,i. 063 Mission, cor. Sth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 135 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings; 23c
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1S41 Polk st. ¦
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital. Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, tl 60; all
animals treated; dors boarded. Tel. West 638. '
DR. Creely"s C r P. mange cure and worm pills.
by druggists or at hospltal.B10QoldenGa.te av.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy: -call & ex-
amine work; send for circular. .1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. HI Pest. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDowell Dressmaklne and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
llnery School;' French system. 411 Van Nesa.
EDUCATIONAL. ,
AYRES' Ruslness College, 723 Market -t.; day
and evenlnc- individual instruction. $S per
month; life scholarship. W0; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc: Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and is the best in S. F. ; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH Coll»|re. Parrott Bldg:.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course K>0; catalogue.
HBALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Poat St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
andntght sessions; new 80-pag-e catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
' school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor, Ph»lan building:.
FREE tuition; rare opportunity; wanted 20;
students for new business college; open In
November: one month's tuition free. Apply
promptly box. 4187. Call office.
AN experienced lady vocalist of European ad-
vantages desires to exchange lessons for rootn
in central location. Address box 3C03. Call.
SPANISH classes day and evening, SOS Larkln
Bt., cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week, W a
month; also private. PROF. F. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
$25. TARR, expert accnt.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MIS3 M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy:
¦ lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 123S Market st
LADY wanting to learn arithmetic and geog-
raphy 2 hours a day, 3 days a week; pay J6
a month. Box 2786, Call office.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch.: day., eve.: est. 1864
VAN PER NAILLF.N SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SPANISH. French, German, singing, piano, $2
mo.; hours. 2-4. 6-8. 12S8 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Monfy, E. M. Carpenter, . pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S33 Ediiy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night clasw. 424 Pine St.
FAMILY wii?hc3 lessons on violin, banjo, gui-
tar and cornet. Address 3012 Larkln st.
FRONCH.Rpanlsh.etc.Prot.DeFlllppe'sAcademy '
of Languagea.320Powt; estab. 1371; ablest profs.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. * Come see us, 805 Larkln st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar writing,
»tc. day or eve; \i mo. 1024 Mission; nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell: Telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806V6 Stockton.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese, Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 544 California; tel. Jamas 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese " employment of-
fice; all kinds held. .115 Stockton; Main B1SS.
JAPANESE Houseeleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks
dishwashers; est. 1890. 1020 Oak; tel. Page S47.
UNIONJapanetie-Chinese emp. offlce — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 876.
ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese, . Chi-
nese h«?Ip. 42S Powell.nr.Sutter;: tel. Black 607..
CHINESE and .Japanese Employment i Office—
i >¦ Best help. 4UH O'Farrell «t. : tel. Bast 426.-
EMPLOYMKNT WAXTED--PEMALB.
COMPETENT girl', wants T second work and
¦ waitThs: beat reference; wages $15. Eox 4177.
¦ .Call office.. :.; r . .:;
CERMAN girl wishes work to do; washing and
¦•, housecleanlng by the day; wages $1 10. J120EJ
'Golden Gate .ave,, rear. , .;. . * ~~i» '
:' . WANTED— A * posKlon <¦¦ by a • reliable ' Int&at'a
nurse; best city reference. 1421 Pine st, •THE SAN FRANCISCO GAL.L,, STJNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
29
$10 CASH. $5 monthly: adjoining East Oakland:
Vi acre assorted fruit trees. 10 years old: no
better land In California; lays fine and level;
S20Q
$20 cash. $7 50 monthly: adjoining East Oak-
land; H ac e sandy loam; 10-year-old *«sortexl
fruit trees In season, full bearing; price $373.
$25 cash. $9 monthly: adjoining East Oakland:
% acres assorted fruit trees. 10 years old. full
bearln* In season: Al soil: In a lovely sprt:
price $565; will butld a house to suit: on small
Installments; flna macadamized street in front
of property; near Jwo car lines, tine school. _id
In a well built up section, away from fegs antt
raw winds; call or send for circular. 4i3
Seventh St.. Oakland; carriage free. H. _,
JONES, owner.
FOUR rmall chicken ranches for sale. Bt*
Bunce for bargains.
IS houses and cottages for sale, acquired by
bank mortsase. that I am authorized to sell:
easy terms; some same as rent; send or call
for what you want.
Ranches for sale from 1 acre to 50.000 acres.
Thirty-page catalccue of homes.
E. E. BCMCE.
Removed to 953 Broadway. Oakland.
Office cpen on Sunday.
GOOD SPECULATION.
We have some rood bank stock far sale to
clore an estate: also 6<V) shares of another
stock equally as safe which pays a dlvjdenrl
monthly of 12 per cent per annum. For full
particulars call or address ALDEN CO.. 11_
Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND House Renting Agency— Houses of
•very description for rent, both furnished and.
unfurnished. In all parts of Oakland. W. E.
BARNARD, HIS Broa.1-.vay.
A SNAP— $1—0: good house of 7 room!*, bath;
street work all done: lot Kxl40 feet: bargain.
Call or address PETERSON. 478 Tenth St..
Oakland.
COTTAGE of 7 roocsj and bath: central loca-
tion; price |~C0; easy term*.
. A. J. SNYDER _ CO..
4« Ninth St.
Oakland. Cal.
FURNISHED or unfurnished honse of J lant»
rooms and bath: sanitary plumbing; lot 50x
100: central location. Apply SO 19th St.. O_cid.
For Additional Classified Ad— erttie-
ments See Pago Thirty
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS..
DR. C. C. CDONNELL— Office and residence,
KKlMt Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
RJ^L^^ST^TE— •ClTY~-FOn SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.
63S MARKET ST.
PAYS 20 PER CENT AFTER TAXES PAID;
MUST BE SOLD.
$1760 cash: 70x7S feet; 2 elegant modern flats
of 4 and 5 rooms and bath and cottage of S
rooms and bath: all rented.
THE ONLY PROPERTY BAST OF LARKIN
and south of California st. that
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$6000— Reduced from" $7000; three fine flats; In-
come $70 per month.
CHANCE OF A LIFETIME.
$3750... REDUCED FROM $4730
Market St.; absolutely the cheapest let
on the street.
THE OWNER IN EUROPE.
THEY MUST BE SOLD.
| $500 CASH DOWN— Those two lovely modern
up-to-date Mission flats, for your rent
money.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$4250—10 rooms and bath on Webster st., near '
Fulton.
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE
AT A SACRIFICE.
$3609-rl2 rooms and bath, near Fell st.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$3000— Ttto substantial well-built flats of 3
rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6 feet; modern
and nice appearing; sunny sld« street.
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$22f.O — Page st., near Lyon: 25x100.
$1000 — Tremont ave. : three fine level lots . on
Ashbury Heights at -your own terms.
$750-McAlllster st.; 25x137:6 feet.
$600— CHEAPEST LOTS. IN THE RICHMOND
DISTRICT— Southeast corner Eighteenth
and California sts.; size 53:4x96 feet.
WILL BE PLEASED TO SUBMIT OFFERS
ON ANY OF ABOVE PROPERTIES.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
. . 638 Market at
RICHMOND,
TERMINUS OF SANTA FE RAILROAD.
THE BEST INVESTMENT IN CALIFORNIA.
The Santa Fe Railroad has already spent over
$750,000 at Richmond on terminus yards, etc *
the shops will all be mcved there from Stock-
ton and Fresno before January 1; a city is be-*
Ing built there; Invest now if you want to make
blE money.
f WESTERN LAND CO., «40 Market st.
$2500— CENTRAL location; 7 rooms and bath;
rents {23 month; no agents. Box 41S6, Call.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR 8 ALB.
BALDWIN & HOWE—U •
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
...'.ICOOO-RENTS J600 PER ANNUM....
Must be sold; make offer; store and 3 floors
above;. Jessie st.. near Mint ave.
....$1000— CORNER BUILDING LOT....
82:6x100; corner of A Et. and »th ave.} Rich-
mond district; very desirable, cheap lot; close
to cars.
....$7000— HATES ST. FLATS— $7000. ...
Rents $68 per month; 8 flats, tunny side Hayes
st., near Flllmore; large lot. 27:6x_7:«.
....S28OO-MARTNE VIEW HOM_-$2800. . ..
Jones St.: convenient to cars; house of »
rooms, bath, etc.
....$22,S00— PACIFIC AVE. RESIDENCE....
Elegant modern home of 14 rooms, bath, etc.;
lot 37:Cxl22:6.
....$300 CASH— COTTAGE HOME
Diamond at., near 17th; nice location: close to
Castro-st. cars; six rooms, bath, basement, etc.;
balance on easy terms.
.... $14, SCO— INSIDE BUSINESS PROPERTY....
Substantial three-story business building;
store and two floors above:" rents $1080 per year;
business thoroughfare; mortgage $S00O con re-
main.
. . . . $1200-COTTAGE-$1200. . . .
Nice cottace. 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114;
Day st.: ver>' cheap home.
....$4000— TO CLOSE AN ESTATE— $4000....
Wcrth $5000; big bargain: large lot; 50x84 to
rear street; two cottages, 5 rooms each, near
Valencia and lath sts.: on wide, bltumlnized
street;, best thoroughfare In the Mission.
....$19.CeO— RENTS $2130
Three new elegant modern thoroughly up-to-
date, high-class flats on Nob Hill; California
st. ; very best location in town.
....$3400— RENTS $30 PER MONTH
Folsom Bt. business property, near Fourth;
store below; flat above.
....$25,000— GROUND RENT $125....
Lot 125x100 feet; on Tenth St.. near Howard;
ground rented under lease.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery et.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS!
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE
....Rare chance for home builders and In-....
vestment Beekers. Choicest building
Lots on very easy payments; on....
The H-Bt. electric, cars and fronting
....Golden Gate Park and the new ISth-ave....
Boulevard; lots and streets on official
.'.Grades; macadamised; plank sidewalks...
...Gas and water service: low prices
..Bound to Increase in value
....Your own terms; Interest only 6 per cent....
Money advanced for building purposes
The coutliest and handsomest modern houses in
Sunset district are now belns occupied....
and constructed on the new 19th-ave
Boulevard; call at once at our branch
Office (open week days, Sundays and
Holidays), corner of H st. and 8th ave
..South of Golden Gate Park, and ask to be..
..Shown these beautiful lots. Full particulars..
And price lists also at our office
; BALDWIN A HOWELL....
•. 10 Montgomery St..
SACRIFICED BUILDING LOTS.
Owner must seel 1 or 2 lots at once for pri-
vate reasons; price reduced from $700 to $550
each to make quick sale; Elizabeth st., near
Diamond; close to Castro-st. cars: terms can be
arranged If desired: lots 26x114.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A. J. RICH _ CO., 112 Montgomery st.
$20,000— Mission St.. large corner lot, fronting
on three streets: stores and flats; sub-
stantial improvements; In first-class
order; pays over 10 per cent on asking
rrlce. v
$60,000— Beale st, near Mission; large lot 45:10x
275 feet; double frontage; old Improve-
ments.
$2500—68:3x137:6 feet: Green St., near Flllmore-
st. electric car line; grand marine view.
$16,500— Scott and Vallejo sts.; grand residence
lot; 65:9x137:6 feet: commanding an un-
obstructed marine view.
JS500 — Two flats; modern Improved; rents $60:
6 and 9 rooms and bath; Fell st., near
Ecott; lot 25x137:6.
A. 'J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
GREAT BARGAINS!
CHOICEST LOCATIONS!
$600 to $S00— Graded Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
$300 to $500 — Lots Nineteenth ave. boulevard;
;; monthly.
$CO0 to $S00— Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$75 to $3C0 — Ocean boulevard lots; $5 monthly.
'$100 to $250— Level Mtsslon lots, near cars; $5
monthly.
$75 to $125— Getz Addition, near San Mateo
cars; $1 weekly.
$500 to $1000— Few cottages; Installments like
rent.
Branch office Ninth ave. and H St., Sunset.
Open every day and Sunday. Call for maps
and^ diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM 64. CHRONICLE BLDG.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected and Full
Chnrre Takon of Property.
624 MARKET STREET.
$46,000— Full 50-vara lot In choice Western Ad-
dition location; fully improved; 8 substantial
houses of 10 and _ rooms and bath each; rents
|!25 50 monthly.
$12,000 — Desirable corner on 7th st., near New
Postoffice: store and flats; rents well.
$13,500— Montgomery St.; 46 feet front; occu-
pied by two-story brick building.
$10,500— Corner on Flllmore »t.. In .center of
buflness section* store and flats; rented $70.
$S300 — Lot S9xlO6:3 feet; Ashbury St.. south of
Brodenck; as a whole or will subdivide.
$5000— Presidio Heights lots; fine marine view;
sizes to suit st $100 per foot.
$5500— Western Addition residence of 11 rooms;
2 stories and basement: modern and artistic In
every respect: handsomely decorated and fin-
ished.
$2800— Substantial flats south of Market st. ; in
good condition and on good street; rents for $26
per month; 25- toot lot.
J2000— Building lots on Green St.; In fine resi-
dence district. •
$13Ti0 — Flats near Mason and Clay sts. ; rents
$18 60 per month.
51000— Fine Richmond lot, near Clement st.
and Second ave.
Further particulars of BOVEE. * TOY &
SONNTAG. -
F. B. SURRYHNE,
Real Estate and .Insurance Broker,
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$4500 — Clay st.. near Polk: bl«r bargain; three-
story house of 12 rooms and bath; lot 22:6xl27:&.
$4750— Clay St., near Polk; three-story house
of 9 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x127:8.
$5250— Pine st., near Powell; double house of
6 rooms each: rents $42 50: lot 41:Sx59:6.
JG750 — Two brand new modern flats of 6 and 7
rooms; Ouerrero St., near Sixteenth; rents $jS;
lot 25x110. • •
$5500— HaiRht St.. near Tierce; two nice fiats
of 6 and 7 rooms; rents $13: lot 23x137:6.
$3250— Rents $32 per month; close to Market
and Guerrero sts.; two flats of 5 and 6 rooms;
lot 25x75. ¦ -"-I '• - - -
DON'T DELAY. '
Buy a home for your rent money and be In-
dependent of the landlord.
Five-room and bath: latest design; on Hoff-
man a»e, Heyman Tract: block from ths*
electric car.
Also four-room and bath on Hoffman ave.
James Cotter is "Kent, on the tract. JACOB
HEYMAN. owner and builder, 117 Sutter st.
HEALTH RESORT.
Ocean Beach park lots for sale. JACOB
HEYMAN^ 117 Sutter St. • . : -.
$4100— TERMS $500 cash, balance In monthly
payment* of $18, including principal and in-
terest : modern bay-window house of 9 rooms
and bath in Mission district, close to cable
car line; "Twer.ty-flrst st. : lot 23x114 reet;
houye coFt $8000 and fe as gr>o<l as when built.
. SHAINWALD. DUCKBEE & CO.,
Mills building. 218-220 Montgomery st.
13 LEVEL lots" In : Colma; water on It; near
- R. R. station: cheap; 15 minutes' ride to S. F.
' $250— Level cor. lot; 25x70: near Cortland av.3.
andschoolhouse. JACOB HEYMAN.. 117 Sutter.
RICHMOND PANHANDLE LOTS. '-, . : ;
- $50 CASH. ; , $10 ; per month: interest at 7 per
cent; Clement Bt.. Fourteenth. Fifteenth and
Point Lobos aves.;- 25xl27:«:: facing, the new
panhandle • from the Park ' to the Presidio. G.
;H. UMBSEN fc CO.. 14 Montgomery st. :
FOR: sale ¦ chesrt-^-2 new flats, 4 and. 8 rooms.
________________ ____________
FOR sale. "345 Jersey st.— 5-roora cottago, large
• basement and attic, with all modern improve*
meats; lot 30x114.
FINE SI7BTJRBAN HOME.
$12.500 — Elegant 10-room modern residence.
with 5 acres of choicest shrubberies and fruit;
ccst $25.C0O; between Berkeley and Oakland.
LAYMANCE.
FINE CENTRAL HOME.
$l?.00O— Cost J27.00O: magnificent modern home,
with every appointment; location tha choices;
in Oakland; an -«K3~__«C_
A FINE BRICK BLOCK.
j33 ooo— One of the choicest Investment prop-
erties In Oakland; best location in the city; a.
corporation sale. I/AYMANCE .
A CHEAP HOME.
$375— A bay-window cottage: a rooms, bath,
street macadamized: on Peralta St.. north oJ
Seventh, near station and electric cars; a bar-
gain; quick sale wanted,
gain, q LAYMANCE.
A CHOICE INVESTMENT.
' JSSPO— Annual Income $700; good Improvement:
choice central located corner: grand future;
encumbrance J6C00; special bargain.
LAYMANCE.
A NEW INSTALLMENT HOME.
$2R3O— $2M cash: new, 2 story. Colonial, I
rooms; all complete; near trains and Broad-
Way ' -LAYMANCE.
12250— Near 14th and Broadway; neat 5-roora
cottage: renting $20 month; mortgage $18K>; a
centrally located ba _{ a i L - AYMAN - CEi
$3000— A model home; 7 rooms; elite location:
near Telegraph ave.: never occupied; bui'.t
specially for a home. |
i See us fcr chotce bargains.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4W-462 Eighth street. Oakland.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
?00-LIGHT dynamo, engine and' boiler, com-
plete ; cheap. H. S. W r HITE. 616 MlBslon et.
WILL rent full drees Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 M. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
Pictures. BULLARD fc BRECK. 131 Post st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof Fafe. 216 California et.
2D-HAND phctographlc and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFK. 109-m Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED— To buy. a second-hand National
cash register; must be in good working con-
dltlon. Address box 41C6, Call office.
WANTED— fecond-hand planing mill machin-
ery: also boiler and engine; all In good con-
dltlon. Box 2790. Call office.
WANTED— Set of stiver knives and forks.
table, tea spoons; no dealers. Box 4175, Call.
A-CLOTHING. seal«kint>. jewelry, etc.. bought;
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
WAXTED— Upright piano foir cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
LADIES" and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold, gllverman. 9SI Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a-brac and books. 103 Sixth Et.: tel. Jpusle 141.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
ANY amount on furniture, planes, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
eire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-63 Donchoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Eetata......
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
•olved by HERMAN MURPHY. 639 Market St.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. iloCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. S.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN _ OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private plaoe to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Mala 1644. Branch is Third St.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWKSTOKB, 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAI* 10 Sixth;
highest price for eld gold, sliver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 201 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
email monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianoe; S per
cent; no removal; no commis'n. 6 Eddy, r. 81.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan. THE MCCARTHY COMPANY.
646 Market tt.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st.. room 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st. -
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indoreer. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal ; no com-
mlssion; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MOXEY WAXTED.
WANTED— $1000 to assist young man In manu-
facturing business already established. Box
27S9. Call office.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy's
hive the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to tha
public for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished, full toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$350, $6 cash and $f per month. This is not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY, Sole Agent
Sohmer & Co., Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Spell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 308, 510, 212 Post. !
LIST OF GENUINE SNAPS. WARRANTED*
To close out odd makes we offer:
1 Behr Bros 1 Hardman
1 Standard 1 Sterling
2 Kinpsburys 2 Curtaz
1 Fischer 1 Hallett & Davis
1 Stelnvvay 1 Shaw
at sacrifice prices; all In perfect condition.
Prices from $145 up— easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St..
Chickering Agency; sheft music
WE sell the Decker _ Son for the best, be-
cause It is the best. See and be convinced
at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
PACKARD Dianos beat the world for the
money. Large etock at MAUVAIS'. 7C9 Mar-
kft St.
YOU cannot afford to buy until our larsre stock
of new and second-hand planes has been
examined, MAUVAIS'. 769 Market et.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEIXWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $6 per month;
rome good pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN CLAY & CO.. 8TEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth Ets.. Oakfand.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains in al! standard makes from $30
to T2S5.
>.->cnts for the Peerless Heine, Hallett Sc
Davis. Boston's oldest and most famous piano,
also Behr Bros, and 10 other makes.
Pianos rented; rent allowed on purchase.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
BE in the swim; rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 660 Hayes st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
nest of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26,
28 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ' ,
VIOLIN strings; never wet: best In the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C Anderson. 417 Geary st.
ELEGANT cabinet grand upright piano; sacrl-
fiie; leaving city. 321 Golden Gate ave.
AT Dewlng's, S09 Market— Three slightly used
uprights. Stelnway. Dewing. Chase Bros.
SUPERIOR violin?, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, pood as new, and
other great bargains. BRU5NN. 203 Post st.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count of elckness. 307 McAllister st.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
lnstaltot-nto. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFFS. 833 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN; must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 1C McAllister st.. next. Hlb. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE rlanos: Kteck. Hardman. Con-
ovrr & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, lor mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICKS AXIJ STORE* TO LET.
EMMA EPRECKELS bulldinr. 927 Market st. —
Light sunny offices, 115 to $29 per month, with
light, heat. Janitor and use of phone. ;
LARGE sunny furnished rooms for first-class
physician, dentist or other business. £78 Sut-
ter si - - • ¦ k
25xl2.i, FIRST loft. 573 Mission St.; 23xS0. sec-
ond loft. 5S7 Mission st. ; power available.
STOP.E with fixtures and living rooms; desir-
able for a. dressmaker. 1043 Guerrero St.
23xJS7:«— C21 MONTGOMERY Bt.. with entrance
from Merchant st.: low rent.
LARGE elegant store and basement; 993 Va-
lencia St.. nei" 21«t ; . business center.
OIL LAXDS FOR. SALE.
I HAVE for Bale oil land in the proven oil dis-
trict of Bakersfleld and McKittrick at a bar-
pain. R, MATTHEWS, room 5, 405 Mont-
comery st. . . . -
$4? ACRES— McKlttrick district. Kern County,
2 miles from Asph_ta station.* R., £64 Four-
- tenth »t. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE — CITY—FOR SALE.
LTON * HOAO.
114 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BUSINESS PROPERTY AT A BARGAIN.
$300 cash, balance $50 monthly— Fine 2-story
building In business section of Castro
- st.; store and nice flat above; ( rooms
. and bath; total rent $44 per month;
price 94000.
A BARGAIN IN FLATS.
$3250— Clinton Park, close to Valencia and 13th
¦ts. ; 3 good flats; rented low at $21.
A FINE CORNER SACRIFICED.
$2500— Bank mortgage $2000; corner Jones and
Broadway; size lot 47x60; foundation
laid; —I ready for building.
A GRAND SPECULATION.
$12,500— One hundred lots located at the Po-
trero; close to all the large manufac-
tories.
CORNER IN "WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
$13,000— Howard St., near 2d; frame building; lot
30x90.
HANDSOME NEW HOME.
$3000— $1000 cash, balance can remain In mort-
gage, 6 per cent; contains seven large
rooms, bath and finished basement: 9th
ave., near K st.: only two blocks from
Golden Gate Park; fine marine view.
NEW HOME AT THE MISSION.
$2S50— $400 cash, balance $S monthly; Alva-
• rado St.. near Noe and Twenty-second;
contains 5 large, sunny rooms, porcelain
bath, etc.; everything up-to-date: take
Castro-st. cars to Alvarado st., walk one
block east.
PATS ALMOST 12 PER CENT.
¦$12,S0O— Good Investment; close to Market and
Valencia; always rented; lot 75 ft. front.
_____ |
24TH STREET BUSINESS PROPERTT.
$55CO— Rent $48: handsome modern butldlng:
contains store and 3 rooms In rear; flat
above containing S rooms and bath; also
stable In rear; size lot 29x114; a fine
piece of property In a growing district.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$3150— New building, store and flat at the Po-
trero; a fine district for business; mort-
gage $21C0.
A DEVISADERO-STREET HOME.
$6000— Two-story bay-window house, contain-
ing 8 rooms and bath; an offer wanted.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery gt.
WHERE CAN TOU
BUY A WESTERN ADDITION
LOT FOR $1250?
On a main street which is accepted? No-
where except In the block Just subdivided, be-
tween Fillmore and Steiner, Green and Union
sta.; when this block Is sold you will never
have another opportunity to purchase a lot for
$1250 In the Western Addition: this Is the last
of the vacant blocks east of Steiner st.
Go and see it at once; the lots are already be-
ginning to sell; lowest prtce ever put on any
property. In order to dose* the Plxley estate. In
which several ar« Interested.
Streets accepted, large level lots; splendid In-
vestments; choice residence lots: good lots for
fiats; also business corners; Flllmore st. and
Union st. cars pass the property; both lines
transfer; easily accessible from any section of
the city.
Remember the prices are from $1250 upward.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery st.
FINE LOTS
FINE LOTS
Three splendid lots on Vallejo St.. near La-
guna; marine view; street work done; owner
desires to cell at once; offer wanted.
Beautiful corner lot on Pacific ave.. In Pa-
cific Heights, with marine and city view; 45x100
feet; price..., $12,000
Any size lot on Clay St.. In Presidio Heights,
ready to build on, only $90 per front foot.
INVESTMENTS.
$17.000— A fine business property on best of
crosstown business street; steady tenants; pays
fine interest.
$11,000— Three modern flats. 7 rooms each,
Flllmore St., near Hayes; rents $102 50 monthly;
wide lot.
$5260— Two new flats, 7 and 8 rooms; near
Park and Panhandle; rent $32 50 monthly; wide
lot.
$46CO— Two nice flats of 5 and 8 rooms; near
Twenty-first and Valencia ats. ; always rented
at $45 monthly.
$3. r .00— Two flats of 3 and 4 rooms: near Twen-
ty-fourth and Sanchez sts.; rent $33 monthly;
cheap.
$5500— Residence of 7 rooms; Webster st-, near
California: very cheap.
$7000— Nine-room house on Ellis st.. near La-
guna; lot 25x120 to rear street; a good buy.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Jllontgomery st.
SUNSET HEIGHTS INSTALLMENT LOTS.
10 PER CENT cash, $15 per month; Interest
7 ner cent; chotce Park lots ready to build
on: ¦within 5 minutes' walk of the music
stand; prices Tanging from $600 upward: pos-
session given so that home could be built Im-
mediately. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont-
gomery st.
$3150— CLAT, St.; fine lot 35x102. THE Mc-
CARTHT CO.. 648 Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
....FOR....
4. ...GOOD INVESTMENTS.. ..4
4. ...4 4 4. ...4 4
$7500 — 4 brand new flats, very latest; east of
Van Nesa; leased for $70 a month.
....4. ...GOOD.. ..4....
$15,000— Splendid Investment: Ellis st, near
Van Ness: all rented for $145.
....4.. ..GOOD.. ..4....
$21.000— Offer wanted; business property: 4
stores and S flats: all rented for $203; few blocks
from Sixth and Market sts.
¦....4....GOOD....4....
J55.P0O— Choicest Investment ever offered In
our office In this amount: 100- foot front: elegant
brick and frame Improvements; all rented at
low rent for $J000.
....4. ...GOOD. ...4.... •
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
C. C. BEM1S, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. S24 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; $0x114 feet.
$1600— North line Carl st.. near Stanyan: 25x
137:6 feet. ,
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. 630 Market; 2d mortgages; estate..
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; new; 6 rooms, bath; lot 50r
100; $3C00; terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny st.
IIKA- ESTATE COBSTRY For S«le
CHOICE redwood timber lands on Navarro and
Bl? rivers and line of new railroad; In lots 160
to 5CO0 or more acres, at from $5 to $8 an aero;
a good Investment, as these lands will rapidly
advance In value. Address P. ROTHERMEL.
807 California st.
MARIN Co.. 28 miles from S. F.-$40 to $80 per
acre: choice lands In tracts of all sizes: 1m-
• proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy 1'tnni: rail
and water transit: good school*. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room t. 8th floor. Mills bldg.. 3. F.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
$000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents in this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land agent. 8 Geary st.
FOR sale— About 3 acres of land, near Coltna,
San Mateo County. 445 Valencia st.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, fl per year.
REAL ESTATE TO E.TCHAXGE.
WANTED— Property In bay cities In exchange
200 : acres level grain land: Tulare Co $S0O
130 acres Improved farm; Napa Co.^..^.. kco
20 acres, income $600; 1 mile of Red Bluff. ,3000
Fine Oregon farm: clear: net Income $l»0a 10,000
-160 acres: well Improved farm; Contra
Costa Co ...........-....---•-.•-•••-«••« 6*100
3>A acres: 7 oaks: big trees; Menlo Park.. 12uO
160 acres; orchard; buildings; Santa Clara
County • - *™
30 acres: $700 net income: Solano Co 2SC0
1320 acres- fine stock farm; Solano Co.... SJOf)
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. r. 1.
COMFORTABLE corner 2-story. 9- room house;
lot 50x100: West Berkeley: price only $1650:
will trade for city improved or unimproved
property. Box 41S4. Call offlce.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call, 16 pa^eg, sent to any address In che
United States or Canada one year . for |1,
postage paid.
AU MEMlDYFlfiSEMENTS^
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
m:sT~BE~sbLD
On Account of Sickness.
A two-story house of 7 rooms; lot 45x150; f/ood
locatloir*. price for one week. $1100.
——A LSO— —
A fine lot on Willow st. sacrificed for $400.
An elegant two-story S-rocm house on Alameda
ave.. together with .large lot.
ONLY JIMKT.
The above'ean be purchased on easy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St.. Alameda. and 18 Post St.. 3. F.
$22M) AUCTION price: finest modern 5-room
¦ cottage In Alameda; perfect plumbing; line
location; 2 blocks from station & high schoo);
fair terms. A. G. Burns. 1501 Park. Alameda.
FOR Investment or bargains In San Francisco
real estate call or write to G. R. DENKE SR.,
' Real Estate and Butlder. 1400 Webster St..
Alameda. .
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
KIRST-CI-AS3 furnished house. 7 rooms, bath:
* laundry; basement; furnace; electric and gaa
' lighting: rood yard. '- lawn. ' shrubbery and
rood location. J. 8. HANLEY, 1357 Park at.
v. PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post; teL Hyde 29S3;
hours 1 to 6 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 51$
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black S61.
PERSONALS.
A MIDDLE-AGED German with elegant home
and good position desires acquaintance of
middle-aged refined German lady of. means;
no trlflers; matrimony. Address R. II.. box
4168, Call office.
REFINED Christian widower (45) wants ac-
quaintance of lady with the same principles;
no othe* need apply; object matrimony; no
agents. Address box 4171, Call office.
REFINED widower <60), with means, fine ap-
pearance, wants acquaintance of s lady with
same qualifications; object matrimony; uo
agents. Address box«388D, Call office.
COLLEGE-BRED gentleman, aged 27, stranger,
desires to meot well-bred lady of snjne age:
object matrimony. Hox 417G, Call ornce.
YOUNG man, mechanic. In fair circumstances,
i wishes to meet working girl; domestic pre-
1 ferred; object matrlmcny. Box 2775, Call.
KEFINED American lady wlnhes to correspond
with honorable elderly pemleman owning his
own home, with a view to matrimony. L. B.,
1096 Valencia at.
JIM — Come home or write; mother Is sick.
M. A. H.
A BOT or girl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUXKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
TO THE PUBLIC. ,
This is to certy that I. C. J. KETING, was
treated by one of the leading oculists of
this city for eleven months for blindness, and
was discharged as a hopeless case; but after
treating with MADAM ADA, the wonderful,
gifted healer, two months I could distinguish
certain objects and tell the time on my watch.
C. J. KETING. IIP Ninth St.. San Francisco.
MME. ADA, wonderful gifted healer, 1104 Mar-
ket, r. 3, 4, cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis and all .nervous diseases.
SECRETS that win; knowledge that pays;
science that brings business & social success;
cures disease & bad habits; wins love and
friendship; gratifies ambitions; gives wonder-
ful power _ control over others: you can learn
at home; write for our elegantly illustrated
book, which fully explains all hidden myster-
ies of Personal Magnetism. Hypnotism, Mag-
netic Healing, etc.; it's free. Add. New York
Inst. of Science, Dept 117 A. Rochester, N. Y.
ALL patrons of the Hlrsutlne Co. who desire
reliable hair and scalp treatment will find me
in my same rooms, 73 and 74 St. Ann's bldg.,
8 Eddy st., where. I am curing falling hair
and dandruff; hair grown on bald scalps and
gray restored. MRS. E. R. DUN LAP, pro-
prietress.
THE Star Hair Remedy never falls to restore
gray and faded hair to natural color, cure
. dandruff. Itching scalp and eczema, stop fall-
Ing, grow new hair; sold by hairdressers and
druggists: ask for It: taKa no ether. The atar
Remedy Company, San Francisco.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. 8. 792.
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holstery- HOPKE BROS.. 818 and 320 lllh Et.
STRICTLY private and secluded residence away
from the public gaze, for the treatment of
women: confinement cases taken. MRS. DR.
FUNKS, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda. i
HAIR doctor's remedy; 10 ounce bot. $1, ex-
pressed. KUESTER. specialist. 1152 Frank-
lln st., Oakland.
m*T you coal of LANCE & GOFF, successors
to W. H. Wiseman, 1711 Sacramento St.; tel.
Sutter 277S.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica hair tonlo Is sold at
Lyons Drug Co.'s. Market and Stockton sts.;
35c bot.; also at 123 Stockton st.
GRAY hair restored; walnut stain gives to
gray, faded or bleached hair a uniform color,
brown cr black; lnptantaneous, beautiful; 25c
pint: particulars for stamp. MRS FAUN-
LEV, Campbells. Santa Clara Co.. Cal. ¦
SPLENDID location: fine show window and
one-half store on Market et., with or with-
out email stock; state business. Box 4164. Call.
LEDERER Is the popular hairdresser; styles
correct, 25c; switches $1 up; ornaments cheap.
LADIES' bust enlarged 6 Inches: failure Impos-
sible; $100 guarantee: proof free. Leonard
Medicine Co., Kansas City, Kans.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair.
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo 5c pkg. ; best and
cheapest yet ; best Is always cheapest.
PRrVATE detective work; receonable rates; iO
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
KODAK films S»ix3»4 developed only 25c per
roll. Rembrandt Studio. ?50 Market, cor. Stktn.
GENTLEMAN, aged 33, would like acquaint-
ance of working-out young lady; -ige not
over 30: object, matrimony. Box 8S43. Call.
LATEST improved extension shoe *; sandal for
the lame with one limb shorter than the other;
makes feet look alike; send for circular. WM.
McMILLAN. Gen. Agent. Placervllle, Cal.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rues, eilk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
STOUT ladies can be reduced by a new and
pleasant method without dieting or medicine;
satisfaction guaranteed. Box 4153. Call office.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 7C0 rooms;
25c to $1 50 p*t night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PAINFUL nervous diseases, rheumatism, par-
alysis, llvrr and kidneys cured without drugs
by DU. J. HERBERT. REKVE. 26H Kearny.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market at.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
HIGHEST prices for cast-off doming; call or
send postal. 655 Clay «t.
SUITS to order from S15 up on easy payment*.
The Richelieu. 700 Market St.. near Geary.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD rold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Ta.1-
cott's curling fluid; 25c a bottle; druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists
CAST-OFF elothlnr. old told and silver bought-
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 606 Kearny st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOABXW
FIRST-CLASS board and suits of. rooms tow
man and wife: private family la *'-""— '-i
Apply box 4407. Call office,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
*
BERK_LEY REAL ESTATE.
-——¦•¦- .,-¦.¦¦¦¦,_.. ....... . ,._^_ t
SNAP— New hotiso, 7 rooms, bath, pastry, put*
ent closet, bot and cold water; brick fo_Uta»
tlon; bay-window; large lot; good locatlont
close to station. electric cara. school.
churches and store*; price $1430. only $130
cash, balance $15 monthly: this 1» a ohanca
In a lifetime to get a chotce piec* of property
at such low price and terms. Take Berkeley
train, get off at Lnrin Station, ulc for RU-
DO_PH. PERKINS _ LTON; of_» opea
Sundays.
NEAT; coxy modern cottage. 5 rooms, bnfh.
pantry, hot and cold water, stationary tubs,
nigh basement, brick foundation, bay-window,
folding doom, garden and lawn; large lot; all
fenced and cross-fenced; chicken house and
stable: price $1600. only tZOO cash, balanca $13
per month; street work all done. Tab > Berke-
ley train, get off at Lorin Station and aak for
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON' Co.
NEW house, 8 large rooms: hot and cold water,
sraj and electric lights, bath, pantry, folding
doors, wooden mantel, brick foundation, high
basement, tiled sink, stationary tubs, patent
closets; 2 blocks from station; 2 street-car
lines; price $1SOO, $jno cash, balance $17
monthly. Take Berkelev train-get off at Lo-
. rin Station, ask for KL'DOLPIK PERKINS _
LYON CO.
AND mind you. It's In beautiful Berkeley.
$_P0— House of 4 rooms, well, windmill, etcj
lot 40x110: a bargain.
$4500— House of IS rooms; large lot; near uni-
versity.
$2250— A regular poem; 5-room house; corner
lot: street work done; near university.
I23CO — 7- room house; street work all dons;
electric cars pass the door; large lot
Apply to MASON & McLENATHEN. adjoin-
ing Postoffice, Berkeley.
$1500— A CHICKEN ranch in tha heart of town";
lot 120x370: buy It and (ret rich. Apply to
MASON & McLENATHICN. adjoining Poet-
offlce, Berkeley.
$300-$100 CASH, balance J12 per month, will
buy a 5-room cottage with bath, brick foun-
dation, bay-window, all sewered: north sid*
of street: 2 blocks to cars; bank loaned J1V0
on this property: one week to sell in. W. C
MORAN. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
SNAP— BAROAINS. SNAP— BARGAINS.
$350— Lot: University ave.: East Berkeley.
$1700— lot 50x139: corner; Telegraph ave.
$2100— New house; 8 rooms; near local train.
$750— Almost an acre; near local train: will
buy a lot and build a house to suit you on in-
stallments. H. B. PINNET.
Opposite Local Station. Berkeley.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT-San Pablo are., 2
miles north of Berkeley: $150 to $200 per acre;
lots $50 to $1jO each: $.» a month: call for
maps- G. W. HAIGHT. 401 California St.. 9.F.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRBITVALE REAL, ESTATE.
FOn SALE BT Et A. PLEITNER.
$575 — House of 2 rooms; barn; corner lot. I3»
115: all fenced: 1 block from electric cars.
$6C0— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms, front and back
porch; barn, chicken houses and work shop,
larse lot; fine place for raising chickens; $150
cash, balance $7 25 per month.
$1000— House of 4 rooms; stable, chicken
houses, furniture; good horse, harness and cart;
fruit trees in bearing; lot 70x108.
$1050— New house of 4 rooms and bath: base-
ment; fruit trees In bearing; lot 50x180; splen-
did location.
$1073— Bay-window cottage of S rooms and
bath; 7-foot basement; good brick foundation.
etc.; barn, chicken house: lot 50x118: one block
from electric cara: easy terms if desired.
$1100— Sacrifice: modern cottage of S rooms and
bath, basement, etc.: lot 50x146: one block from
electric cars; must b* sold: an opportunity
worth Investigating; $100 cash, balance same as
rent.
$1600 — Two-story house of 8 rooms and bath:
fine mantel; corner lot; near station; must sell
at once.
$1S3O— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
basement, etc; 3 chicken houses; 2C0 chickens;
choice fruit trees in bearing; lot 50x230.
For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale station. Cat.
FRUITVALE FURNISHED HOUSES
COTTAGE of 8 rooms or part of same. Address
MME. DAUNET. Fremont ave.. FrnltTaie.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAK— AND REA_ ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
G. H.' UMBSEN & CO.. •
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 . MONTGOMERY BT.
$14,000— Rents $1480 per annum; a splendid In-
vestment: must be sold on account of
owner being a non-resident; fiats of 5
rooms each; 50x137:6; Western Addition.
$S&>0— Rents $1032 per annum; six fine flatk,
two of 6 rooms and bath each and four
of E rooms and bath each; always rent-
ed; 40x115: Mission warm belt; only one
block north of Market and Fifteenth ets.
: {6500— Rents $630 per annum; three flats of 8,
6 and 6 rooms and bath each; modern;
25x90; very nice location In the Western
Addition; mortgage of $4000 can remain.
$6000— Rents $660 per annum; to close the es-
tate; property well located In the West-
ern Addition; two stores and flat; 37:6x
S2:6.
$6000— Rents $720 per annum; O'Farrell st. and
rear street; three flats and stable.
$5500 — A barsraln; Post st residence; substan-
tial two-story bay-window house of 9
rooms, etc.
1 $5200— Very cheap cottage on Devisadero St.;
6 rooms, bath and basement; 27:6x100.
$4000— Rents $504 per annum; two stores ar.d
L fiat; nearly new modern building; good
location in the Mission.
$3300— Rents J348 per annum; Bryant Bt. ; two
flats of « and 5 rooms; 25xS0.
?3000— Rents $2S8 per annum; business corner,
near Twenty-third and Valencia sta. ;
store and flat; 29x76.
$2500— Rents $223 per annum; Geary St. busi-
ness property; substantial building,
store and flat; 30:6x75.
$2000— Mission home; large corner near MIs-
' sion and Guerrero sts. car lints; cot-
tage of 4 rooms and lot
$1400— Rents $1C8 per annum; near Jackson and
¦ Maiion sts. ; double house of 4 rooms
each and lot
$1200— Rents $192 per annum; half-block from
Third st. electric cars; two flats of 1
rooms each; 30x100.
$5500— Warehouse property; near Green Bt.
wharf: two-story brick building and
lot; must be sold to close the estate;
offer wanted.
New pocket map of San Francisco County,
to cents.
Choice list of building lota In every part of
the city at prices to suit
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records." which contains a list of properties
for sale in every part of the. city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st
MADISON A BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
62S Market st, opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1S5S.
Stevenson St., near Third, close to center of
city; good building; only $5200; 20x70.
Post st, near Jones; great future; lot 2G:3x
137:6; sold to close an estate. ;
$17,000— Fulton st, between Polk «t and Van
Ness ave.; lot £0x120 to Ash ave.
$6500— Capp st. near Twenty- third; rent* $65;
flat* all rented: 87:6x122:4. -
California St., adjoining: corner Polk; lot 60x
87:6; must be sold to close an estate.
$5000— Baker st, near Sacramento; S rooms
and bath; in perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$2300— Bryant st, near Seventh; two cottages;
rents $20; lot 20xS0.
Two flats; always rented; Sixteenth st, near
Market: rents $23; reduced from $4000 to maka
quick sale; cost $3200 to build.
Good residence location; sunny . aide Nine-
teenth st, near Valencia; good Improvements;
lot £5x85; a bargain.
$3600— Elizabeth et, near . Castro; store and
flats; rents $30; lot 25x114.
$4260— Octavia St., near Halght; an elegant
lot for modern flats; 37:6x100.
Offer wanted for an elegant modern cottage
home; 5 rooms and bath; lot 24x100; Potrero
ave., near Twenty-second st
$2450— Cottage and lot; Twenty-third st, near
Diamond; 4 rooms and bath; modern conveni-
ences; 25:10x114. i
$2100— Clement st. near Thirty-second ave.;
I store and flat; 9 rooms; used as saloon and
I boarding-house; 24x100.
| $3250 — Pleasant home in the Mission; near ISth
and Valencia sts. ; 7 rooms and bath; must sell.
i MADISQN & BURKE.
I 626 Market st, opp. Palace Hotel.
VON HHEIX REAL ESTATE CO. (Ino.),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$13, POO— Corner Green and Powell sts.; "0x70
three-story building; rents $132.
$12,600 — Union St., near Taylor; three modern
flatB and rear house; 25:9x128:9; rents $97.
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave., 25x
100; house of 12 rooms.
$5$eo— Hayes st, near Buchanan; 25x120 to
rear street: house of 9 rooms.
$30CO— Vallejo St.." near MasorU '" 43:l»ixl37:6,
wtlh an L; two flats and rear house; rents $64.
$6000— Folsom st, near Eighth; 25x90; two
flats; rents $41!. .
$5250— California St., near Baker; 25:3xS2:6;
three flats; rents $42 50. .
IGCOO — Green at. near Dupont; 16:6x80; three
bay-v.-lndow flats; rents $55.
$5000— Rents $75 per month: corner two main
streets. In northern part of city.
$4500— Kearny st, near Union; 20x80 to rear
street; two houses; rents $38 25.
$2700 — Central ave., nr. Hayes; 25x100; store
and 4 rooms and bath.
, UNIMPROVED.
$7000— Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth: 68x9S.
$7500— Valencia St.. near Twenty-sixth: 60x90.
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second sts.; will
subdivide; 55x100.
$3500— Fulton, near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6.
$COCO— La&una et., near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each— Post St., near Devisadero: 2 lots.
$200<J— Waller St., near Stanyan: 25x100.
$1750— Corner Castro and Alvarado: 26:6x105.
5K.G0 — Sutter St., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
_______________ .
328 Montgomery street.
A FEW PICKKD INVESTMENTS.
$30,000— Clay-st. dwellings; $2400 annual rental
guaranteed? for next five years.
$12,000 — Jackson st; improved business prop-
erty; annual rental $1260; must be sold;
make an offer.
Rlncon Hill dwellings: annual rental
$W0: same tenants for past ten years;
50x85: bid wanted.
$6,500 — Buchanan-st. stores and flats; annual
rental $660; S7xS2; must be sold; make
an offer.
$5,500— Three dwellings, near Larkin st. ; an-
nual rent ? r >40; always rented.
$3,150 — Near Mission Road; 1$ lots; annual
rent $IC0: on five years' lease.
RESIDENCES.
$30,000— Franklln-st. corner, near Jackson; 17
rooms; 55x137:6.
$20,000^ — Jackson-st. comer, near Webster; 14
rooms: 60x110.
$7.600— Presidio Heights: 10 rooms; 23x138.
$4,600— Nineteenth st, near Bryant; 6-room
cottage; 50x110. .
$3,500— East Seventeenth st, Oakland; 10
rooms: 41:6x100; bid wanted.
$2,750 — Fifteenth ave. south: 9 rooms; 75x100.
GEORGE M. WILJXTOX.
32S Montgomery street.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine street,
. . Opposite Nevada Bank.
$10,000— A large lot. 100 feet front, on Eddy
St.. near Scott; covered with cottages; always
rented; a bargain.
$20.000— Mission St., near Sixth; a first rate
Investment: lot 45x80, with 2 10-room houses.
Nine fine building lots on Thirteenth st. and
Clinton Park, only a few feet west of Valencia;
will be sold very reasonable.
$5750— Rent $52s per .annum; 3-story, store
and 2 flats; a very snug small business prop-
erty.
$11.000 — Rent $120 per month; corner property:
lot 54x80. with four houses, stores and flats.
$3000 — Rent $32: a double flat • and a cottago
In the rear; a bargain.
$8000— Uent $780 per annum; on Flllmoro st. ;
4 fine flats; lot 50x80. .
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS «: BKELTON.
323 Montgomery st
$5,000— ChPFtnut, near Hyde-st. cars; good
house, 6 roomB, 3 years old: Improving
section; 15 minutes from Montgomery
st.: view of bay.
$3,500, $1,925, $1.750— Corner lot: Hyde and Fran-
cisco; secure view of bay; Improving
location: will subdivide; 15 minutes
from Market st.
$5.500— Pine' st., near Van- Ness ave.: old
buildings; rent nominal; 25x120; this Is
a bargain to build flats on.
$2,000 — Corner lot. Montgomery ave. and Tay-
lor st; very cheap; if improved will pay
well. -
HAWKS ft SKELTON. 323 Montgomery et. .
J20 CASH, balance easy payments; choice lot on
new.isth-ave boulevard.
$€0 each— 24 "lots in Excelsior Homestead;
they are very cheap; must be sold.
$150 cash,' balance like rent; new modern,
up-to-date cottace in Mission: 6 rooms and
bath. ' - ¦ ¦ •¦¦¦¦:¦ ¦ .".
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
SANTA FE.:... .:.... ..THE TERMINAL CITY
At terminus Santa Fe Railroad". •
inn houses will be needed before January 1.
For the families of the railroad men.
Large rents are offered on lon» leases.
The best opportunity in the State for build-
ers and Investors. < . . ¦". . .
Choice lots at. low prices and on easy tcrma.
I. McEWEN BROS.. --H8 Montgomery st.
Sole Agents .Santa. Fe. the Terminal City.
IF you have well I located property In the Mis-
sion," either vacant lots or nice residence, ¦ and
you really want to sell then call on the under-
1 signed, W. J. GUNNy 530 California st. — - :
HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Then
• ., call on W.J.GUNN. B30. California st. . '
COMFORTABLE house, 8 rooms and bath; lot
25x112; also rear house 3 rooms; '22 Oak Grove
ave., near Sixth and Harrison sts. ¦ Apply of
¦¦¦ on ner,* cigar stand. Sixteenth and Mission; .,
9-ROOM modern -home. Presidio Heights, $9500;
•aey terms,- THE MCCARTHY COMPANY.
tit Market it.
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
ilES wanted for the United States Navy — Ma-
chlr.lste, first class, age 21 to 35, pay per
month. J55; machinists, eecond class, age a
to £6, pay per month, $40; electricians, third
class, nff 21 to 3a, pay per month $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to Sj. pay per
month. $;t.. Mimen, a«ca 21 to 35. pay per
rconth. J:4; ordinary seamen, ace 18 to 30.
pay per month. $19; landsmen, age 18 to 23,
pay per month, $16; apprentices, third class,
age li to 17. pay per tr.onth. $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dis-
aualifvlnr ailments. Machinists murt pass
en examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination In electricity, espe-
cially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights murt b« carpenters by 'trade.
*Vamen an<3 ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
apprentices will be required to pass the phys-
ical examination only. The term of enlist-
ment Is for four years;. Should a man re-en-
llrt within a period of four months from the
date of honorable discharge he will receive a
bonus of four months' pay and an addition
to his monthly pay of $1 S6 for each re-enlist-
ment. Rations, medicines and medical at-
tendance are furnished gratis In addition to
ray. Privilege of retirement after thirty
rears' #ervtee on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It Is the de-
ftre of the Navy Department to obtain a
larse number c< _?is-bccV.ei J_oerle«ns for
the navy, who will be given every opportunity
for advancement as soon as they are quali&ed
for the higher ratings. The early completion
of • number oX fin* chips for th« navy will
rr.ake a large Increase In the enlisted force
npcessary, and this win cause a correspond-
ing larpe Increase In the number of petty offi-
cer*, who will be advanced from the lower
ratings. Recruits who may b« accepted will
be. assigned to a U. S. war vessel: appren-
tices to the naval training station. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. Applications should be made at
the V. 8. Naval Recruiting Rendezvous, cor-
ner of Market and East streets, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
TENSIONS— J. H. Ehepard He Co.. old, reliable
f.nn. 80€ Market rm. 40, Phelan bldr-; pen-
elon vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
MEN end women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBCn COLLEGE. 741A Howard st
FENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, 1«
years' practice; Examiner building.
LTNPHLL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms, 15c to Ijc night; 75c to tl week.
WINCHESTER House, <4 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, ISc night: reading-rooms; free
'bus ar.d baggage to and from the ferry.
CI.ASFTFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. —OP Flllmore Bt.
U E MO R R UOI PS .
FILES— S0O cures business men .In San Fran-
cisco: can be eeen: no operation; no pain: par-
tlculars aent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
XiORS_S, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
•0 HORSES for eale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
_7 Btxth st; auction tales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKJN6ONS Stables. t7 Minna et. be-
tween First and Second.
FIRST-CLASS your.r cow for sale, fresh. 6GS
Penr.fj'Ivar.'.a 'ave., near Twenty-Second.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cowe.
poultry and dogs healthy. 1—3 Folsom gt. S. F.
J FINE t Emily cotcs for sale at C GILL'S,
tr.ZO Mlssicn st.
ii « n si:* to let.
A -PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. EL DMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
r.L'SH. l_4 — Sur.ry house cf 8 rooms and bath;
rent J3T £0; water free; yard.
FOR re--t— House, 7 rooms; double parlors. !0
Mary 6t. near Fifth.
HOL'SES WAXTED.
WANTED— To lease, modern house. Western
Addition: 10 or _ rooms. Box S6T2. Call office.
LOST AXD FOCXP.
last— Pair of gold eyeglasses at Columbia
Theater. Frtiay nipht; liberal reward; no
c.-.if -ftlens asked. Room 303. Examiner bldg.
L< -.ST— Female fox terrier pup; white, with
t:?.ck head; collar and bell attached; eult-
ablc regard. MO Sutter st.
_OFT— a Urge dog, reddlsh-brewn, marked
•tth a white ring around his neck and white
for-t. Return to £17 Edfly tt and receive
regard.
L' iST— Fox terrier; spot on back: license S59.
Return 11H» Webster st. ; rewerd.
LOST— Filver sp^ctacies Saturday morning, be-
twer-Zi Fbftwell and Valencia on Twenty-first
or California. Return _5 Shotwell; reward.
LOST— Snrnil Mack Spitz dog last Sunday;
h-_:shy tail: tan feet. Return to 2437 L&rkln
tt.; reward.
LOST— A Fox terrier, with to* missing from
richt fror.t paw. Owner and reward at sa-
loon, N. W. cct. First and Howard sts.
LOnT— Brown cocker eianleL Bonbon. 0348
Geary at., on collar; reward.
LO?T— Diamrrid fleur de lls pin. Liberal re-
ward fcr th» return cf it to \7. K. VAN-
IiERSLICE CO.. lit gutter Et
1>O?T— Between Polk et-, Golien Gate ave. and
Eleventh and Mission ste.. a pair of gold
h-wed spectacles, satin cafe. Return to 106
n>v?nth st ard receive reward.
SI— DICAL.
im. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
• Fpec:a!:sts; 22 years' practice; have treated
thousands of caWs successfully; poeltU'e cure
jniarant»'»'d at office; ladies treated can return
home eanif day; HINDO HERB home cure,
ar.y one car. use it; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
DR. O. W. O'DONNFLL. the world-renowned
ladies' rr>ec:a]iFt» safe and reliable; has r-rac-
tired in l?ar> Francisco for years: treated thou-
cancSs of races successfully; treatment can be
v-sed at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. Moved 101S Market
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Hurope; safe and reliable;
cure JS; have treated thousands of cases with
mccit; li years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fM>«, KX'T^ Market st. near Sixth.
SIRS. DR. KOHL. 837 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' specialist;
treatir.T.t, S5; private home befere and dur-
ing confinement: hour*, 9 to E; Sunday, 10 to
J. Removed to 9'»7 Market £t. cor. Sixth,
_R5. DR. WVETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement : treatment at
©rflce. S3: any ailment; consultation free; guar-
anteed. 342 Post Ft., bet Hyde and Larkln.
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; fend for teftimcr.ials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Eacramento eU. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies* spe-
cialist; home in confinement; safe and re-
liable; consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
THE we',l-known I>R. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male n ••<¦!.-« ii<-t; practical physician for 27
years; always successful. 3_ Kearcy Ft.
r>R. \TISE. the lad'es' specialist HIS Market st.
MISCELLAMIOL'S— FOR SALE.
DOHJCBS. en»rtnes. Jd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont et.
I*ARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, i.ew and eecond hand: we always
i:sve a larce stock of saloon outfits on hand;
„ complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
•re can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1C23 Mission st.
a bove Sixth: yrlte for catalogue.
iCKW I?H<»O_S— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory it _8 and KK) Clay st, near Kearny, has
Just started; etoreke^pers can be supplied
with all kinds of brooms at the cheapest
rat»-«-; order* by mall attended to.
POTATor.S and onions direct from the fle!d
by rack or carlr.ad. Fcr prices and samples
communicate with H. J. SHALMOUNT. 140S
Pir.e n . f-an Francisco.
V.'K have a very laiept cut sealskin jacket, cost
S24(». for (US: guarantee to fit. UNCLE HAR-
Klg. 15 Grant eve.
BUY a brand new typewriter for S3 down and $5
per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGK. 409 California
et. ; rental?, new machines, $3 per month.
X LATEST Ftyle 1500 s*alekin Jacket almost
net.-, worth J200, for flic, at Cal. Loan office.
' 22 Ftockton ft.
£FE the $2S solitaire diamond ring: see the J30
solitaire diamond ring at UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, chatting, pulleys,
*tc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
FINE suit. ilO: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
rutTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A-S3 JO DERBY and Fedora hats. U 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 83C Kearny et. near Ptne.
A-100 HORSEPOWER ennrlne. boiler. 2-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont gt
?T<V— EICTCLB In rood condition: high «rrade."_
California. n.ve.. near Mission and ISth sts.
FOLDING bed. oak upright French mirror.
handsome, only t— : cost >45. Box 27S5. CalL
KODAK nims 3^r3H developed, only 25c per
roll. Rembrandt Studio. 850 Market cor. StKn.
15 H. P. engine and boiler; good &» new;
cheap. 216 Kallroa4 ave.. South S. i F.
THOROUGHBRED English murs for sale
cheap. MRS. ARMSTRONG, 2S2H Natoma st
ITRST-CLASS eecond-hand modern engines and
tellers bo-Jfbt and eoll. KROGH Wt. CaNEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
T Hill. Toronto i<
M J Bennett. Toronto . ' :
A W Hartman. Toronto).
D McKenzle. Arlington .
W G Marlon, Alaska '.
P A Brandon, Seattlo ,
C C Farrell. Seattle :
E Lonergan. Seattle
J Rubin. Pt Barrow i
J Hadley. Pt Barrow :
D S Walker, Pt Barro :
O K Hogan, Manila
D Bell & w, Butte
Ca.pt S C Smith. Alask
Mrs McDonald. Seattle
J Rhoades. Seattle '.
F P Powell, Colfax ;
E Y Montgomery. Cal
H Ross, Ft Bragg
O S Osborne, Ft Braggi,
J McCreery, Ft Bragg
D Darling, Saticoy I
C N Green. Satlcoy
E W Dowd, Ventura
J J Crum. Keswlck
J C Henderson, cal
E C Cook, Groveland
J Perrerdles, Grovelnd
F L Morrill. Los Ang
A W Barlow, Los Ang
G M Holmes, Loo Ang
E J Hogan, Los Ang
E J Mulvey. Orovllle
A L Burgess. OrovUla
J Andrews. Honolulu j
L Rivers, San Pablo
P Masonl. King City
F E Valentine. Sacto
G Smighton. Sacto
W Bailey. McCloud
J H Copely, Ft Bragg
E J Olsen. Ft Bragg
P H Eklemann, Alaslc
PALACE HOTEL.
H Ii Smith, Vallejo
E A Burt. Portland
L H Maxwell, Liverpl
F F Ryer & w, Cal
O Peck, Cal-
G W Leavens. N T
V Westcott. N Y
C D Coopsey, N T
J F Waterman, L Ang
Mrs J F Waterman,
Los Ave
J B Llrrlncott. L Ang
Dr F W Haker. Ger
many
Mrs P Evans, Vancouv
L G Bees, Vancouver
M W Smith, Los An*
W G Newman. N Y
Mrs W G Newman. NY
Mtss H Lower. N Y
Miss M Newman, N Y
X E Burns & w. ¦ N ¦ Y
H M Wolf. N Y
Mrs Q W Bowles. Cal
J B Dudley. S Diego
E "W Lester, N T
Mrs W Garland. L Ang
Master G Garland. Cal
Mrs M York, Los Ang
P Schoenfeld & w. Se
attle
B N Steinman, Sacto
Mrs B N Steinman. Cal
Mrs L Heilbron. Sacto
A P Herbert. Mexico
H M Barr.es. Boston
J L Houghtellng-. Chgo
J H Hammond, London
F O Carmack. St Louis
E Garrett. Seattle
A B Post. San Jose
J H Ailing, S Simeon
A J Finlay, Manila
C Dunphy. llllbrae
C L Miller & w. Pitts
H M Meyers. Charo
I Mrs D Georue, Denver
F A Whltmlre. Phila
R L Macleay. Portland
'E D Tyler. N Y
GRAND HOTEL.
S S Hall, EaCto
S 8 Ho'.l, Sacto
I*-W Starr. S Clara
D C McCollum. Cal
A H Jackson. Cal
G A McElfresh. L Ang
J C Collins & j elstcr,
Kingsbury
J Gallagher, Cal
J T Flgucioa. Cal
J Livingstone. Pinole
Miss C Sessions, Cal
E J Elliott. S Lake
Dr C H Whitman & w,
Los Anc
H L Wolden, Eureka
F.:W Swanton. S Cruz
C A Storke. S Barbara
H C Greer, Plttsburg
N .' Ross." Nome •
Mrs F M G Hiller, &
children. Tacoma
B Dickinson & w, Cal
F D Ryan.- Sacto
Miss Vostrovsky. Cal
L A . Spitzer, ¦ S Jose
R D Spencer, Chgo
R D Laurence, Redlngr
J P Bradley & w, Ohio.
P F Wood. Tulare
W S Little. Boston
R L. Davidson. Mich
W M Penry Jr. Cal
J Cralsr, w & dau. Cal
D Dickinson, Nevada
J B Kellar, Chicago
E J Stanton. Lc3 Ang
L Callschl & w. Cal
O H Braygr & w. Cal
WR Johnson & -w. Col
E C Ward, U S A' T
J B Cryer, Cal
H Field. Cal
V H Potter Jr. Arizona
C C Corbiere, Redding
W H Porter. Clnclnnat
D Mcriarty & w. Cal
F Id Bullock, Woodind
Mrs M C Smith, Cal
Miss Smith. Cal
C Lundstrom, Willows
O : Lundstrom. Willows
Dr C D Herron. Pa
H J Gozzolo, Nome
O B Gozzolo, Nome
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Crowds Greet Them at the Railway
W 1 1 .Trrer.Tvmsr a AND H£K
BETROTHED AT THE HAGUE
Station and Sing: ths National
Anthem.
THE HAGUE, Oct. 20.-Queen "Wilhel
mina and her betrothed, Duke Henry of
Mecklenburg-Schwerln, accompanied by
the Queen's mother, arrived here this
morning and were enthusiastically wel
comed. The future consort of the Queen
was presented to the authorities assem
bled at the railroad station. The royal
party then drove to the j>alace. where
crowds sang the national anthem. Later
the members of the diplomatic corps ar
rived at the palace and were introduced
to the Duke.
MONEY IS STXLIi
PLENTIFUL IN ENGLAND
Worth Less in London Than in New
York and Further Shipments of
Gold Considered Probable.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— Money throughout
the week has been abundant and it was
difficult some, days to find day to day bor
rowings at VA per cent. With floating
money worth less than in New York,
Paris and Berlin, with the open market
rate of discount .below New York and
Berlin, and with New York exchange not
appreciably higher than Paris, further
gold shipments, the Statist thinks, are
probable. The Statist says:
"That the American bankers are more
unwilling to disturb the market and that
they will not take gold from the Bank of
England we firmly believe. But their
ability to refrain depends on the extent of
the demands on them for cash for the
interior. With the cotton/ crop yet to bo
moved the bankers may be obliged to
withdraw a portion of their balances from
London."
The Statist gathers that statistics show
India during the year ending September
] absorbed sixty million ounces of silver —
fifty million ounces for coinage and ten
million ounces for ornaments. This, the
Statist says, is nearly 40 per cent of the
world's production, and the paper pre
dicts that the Indian Government will be
a constant and large buyer of silver.
The report that Russia is negotiating a
loan of £20,000,000 in New York and Paris
the Statist regards as intended to "feel
the pulse of both cities." There is little
inclination in Paris to bring out a great
Russian loan. Although amply supplied.
Paris finds the rates lower and other
European money markets being unsatis
factory, it Is considered advisable still,
according to the Statist, to await the re
sult of the American elections. Continu
ing, the paper says:
"Presumably one of the conditions of
raising a loan In New York would be that
railway materials, etc., should be bought
by Russia from America. This would not
be attractive to France, which, if -willing
to lend at all, will prefer to raise the
whole amount than have Russian trade
f avors diverted to the United States.
Consequently it is unlikely that two loans
will be raised contemporaneously in New
York and Paris."
BRYAN" ENDS NEW YORK TOUR.
Will Next Make a Trip Through "West
Virginia.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Oct. 20.— Mr. Bryan
concluded his tour-day campaign through
the State of New York with, two large
meetings in this city to-night. One of
these meetings was held at the Broad
way Market'and was an open-air gather
inp and the other at Convention Hall.
Before reaching Buffalo he had made fif
teen addresses during the day, beginning
with a thirty-minutes speech at E!mlra at
9 o'clock in the morning. The other
places at which he spoke were Corning,
Bath, Coshocton, Wayland, Livonia,
Avon.Spencerport. Brockport, Holly, Al
bion. Medina, Mlddleport, Lockport and
Niagara Falls.- ¦
' The attendance at most of the day meet
ings was good and at some of them quite
large. The audiences could not be said
to be enthusiastic as a rule, but every
where the Democratic Presidential candi
date was accorded most careful attention
and respectful treatment.
During his" State tour Mr. Bryan has
made about sixty-five different speeches
and has quite thoroughly traversed the
central belt of the State from east to
west. He left this city to-night at 12
o'clock fof Huntington. W. Va., where he
¦will begin a one-day trip across West "Vir
ginia Monday morning.
REDMOND'S MANIFESTO
TO THE NATIONALISTS
Says the Results of the Recent Sec
tions Show the Parnellite
Split Is Ended. •
LONDON, Oct. 20.— John Redmond, M.
P., : . chairman | of 1 the Irish Parliamentary
party, has issued a manifesto to the Na
tionalists In which he 6ay s he finds that
the results of the elections show that tho
Parnellite split ia ended and 1 that there
is a universal desire for a united move
ment .based on ParnelPa policy of holding
aloof from all English parties. He thinks
the Conservative majority Is unwieldy
and contains seeds for an early disrup
tion. -;> :
Mr. Redmond - therefore urged the
maintenance of unity, discipline in the
Nationalist ranks and the adoption of a
fearless and aggressive policy to combat
the Conservatives In and out of Palia
ment. - . w - ¦. -
. Mr. Redmond also .indorsed ? the United
Irish Leagrue, - saying the election proved
that the Nationalists were overwhelming
ly in sympathy with it. ; v.
Dwight KLf , Andrews.
ANTIOCH, 111.', Oct. 20.— After an iilness
of two days Dwight • M. Andrews, Chief
Grain ; Inspector under. Governor Altgeld
filed here to-day from paralysis. '
PRINCETON, N. J., Oct. 20.— The com
memoration day exercises of the one hun
dred and fifty-fourth year of the founding
of the university were held in Alexander
Hall to-day before a very large audience.
The board of trustees and the faculty, led
by President Patton, Secretary of State
John Hay and Bishop Henry Yates. Sat
terlee of Washington, marched in a'body
to the hall. President Patton made an .in
troductory .address, in which he an
nounced that at the meeting of the trus
tees yesterday action was taken by the
board to elect some distinguished gradu
ate to further the movement of estab
lishing: a graduate department. An elec
tion to this office will be made later on.
He also announced that a new officer
would be elected to be known as the uni
versity secretary. President Patton pre
sented the need of a gymnasium and
urged the concerted action of the alumni
toward securing the necessary funds for
its erection. Commenting upon the action
granting the alumni direct representation
in electing five members to the board no
said this was the most important an
nouncement he had ever made since he
became president of ihe university.
Bishop Satterlee delivered an address
on "The Ethics of American Civiliza
tion," in which he denied that the Gov
ernment of the United States had devel
oped imperialistic tendencies. "The na
tion," he said, "has less greed for terri
tory to-day than when Jefferson bought
Louisiana, or Monroe Florida, or Seward
Alaska, and far less than when the an
nexation of Texas brought on the Mexi
can war. We had no' taought whatever of
territorial aggrandizement when we went
to war with Spain and, now before we
had time to realize thai full meaning of
passing events certain islands as the re
sult of that war have become de facto an
actual part of the United States. We can
not go back if we would from these new
responsibilities which have been thrust
upon us. j
"The greatest danger of all is the peril
of an arrested development. Whatever
has life must grow or it must decay. If
on the other hand there is danger of de
parting from the original ideal of Ameri
can civilization on the other hand there
is equally imminent danger of becoming
shortsighted in our views of our coun
try's future, of failing to read the signs
of the times and to realize the historic
situation as It stands to-day."
At the close of Bishop Satterlee'3 ad
dress Professor "Woodthrow Wilson pre
sented Secretary Hay to President Pat
ton, who conferred upon him the degree
of doctor of laws.
Professor LIbbey piaced the official
gown upon Mr. Hay. who was the recip
ient of a rousing student cheer and pro
longed applause. Mr. Hay addressed the
audience as follows:
"My gratitude for this distinguished
honor is not diminished — it is rather en
hanced by the sense of my personal un
worthiness of It. I accept it, sir, with
deep appreciation, for I am allowed to
interpret it as a sign of your approval of
the manner in which I and my colleagues
in the Government have, under the di
rection of the President, conducted ths
foreign relation of this country for the
past two years. They have been years of
much labor and many perplexities, and if
any measure of success has attended our
efforts It has been due not to any strength
of ability of mine but to the fact that
our course was so clearly marked out
for us by a century of national traditions,
from which we have never swerved. ,We,
have believed the country, as our fathers
did, in its high and beneficent destiny and,
so believing:, we needed to admit no other
considerations than those of the national
welfare; we had to hearken to no voice
but the call of duty and honor. I hope I
may even say that the light which has
guided me has been of kin to that bright
influence which has made this great uni
versity for eo many generations a radiant
beacon to the continent, of learning* and
morals. In the brief space of public ser
vice which may yet be mine I can have
no loftier inspiration than the desire to
become less unworthy the honor you have
done me and the responsibility you have
laid upon me."
Says the Greatest Danger of All to
the Nation Is the Peril of
an Arrested Devel
opment.
ANNIVERSARY
OF THE FOUNDING
OF PRINCETON
Bishop Satterlee Denies That
the Government Is
Imperialistic.
PANAMA, Colombia, Oct. 8.— Little 13
known in any part of Colombia regarding
the conditions' existing in the other sec
tions of the country. Such points as: are
connected by telegraph or cable are held
by the Government, and at such places
the bulk of news contains grandiloquent
statements of victories achieved over the
rebels. • •;
The fact remains, however, that the
civil war goes ' merrily on. The country j
is being drained of all its resources and
the m,ost pitiful poverty prevails in alL
directions. The interior of this naturally
fertile and rich land is devastated. Co
lombia will at the end of the war be a
country of paupers.
The city ot Cucuta, the erstwhile liberal
stronghold near the Venezuelan frontier,
was recently captured by the Government
fc.ces after a siege of twenty days. Ac
counts of the acts of brutality and the
horrifying scenes that met the eye at the
surrender of Cucuta have appeared in the
newspapers of- Maracaibo, Venezuela.
This place, it appears, was nearly razed
to the ground. Bodies lay in the debrl3
in the streets in a state of putrefaction.
A drunken soldiery was let loose amid
the nearly starved inhabitants and every
sort of bestiality waS committed. Just
now the unfortunate city is again being
besieged, but this time by the Liberals,
two thousand strong, and the Government
is unable to raise the siege.
The latest reports from the interior of
this country purport that the Liberals,
who only a short time ago appeared to be
completely exhausted and who suffered
a tremendous moral setback with the
failure of their attempt to take posses
sion of the isthmus of Panama, have un
dergone a vigorous reaction, induced
mainly by the confusion which followed
Vice President Moroquin's coup d'etat. It
is admitted even by the Government offi
cials that the Liberal forces are in pos~
session of the Department of Vollvar and
that the cities of Cartagena and Barran
quilla, which are • on the banks of the
Magdalena River, near its mouth, and
consequently constitute practically the
only means of access from the Atlantic to
the interior, and Bogota, the capital, are
surrounded by the Liberal "army." On
the Pacific seaboard the Liberals hold the
port of Tumace, while the Government
has succeeded in keeping- Buena Ventura,
which is the terminus of the Government
telegraph wires from the capital and is
also connected .with the outside world by
cable.
Throughout the whole extent of this re
public a chronic guerrilla warfare Is con
ducted. This civil contest is one of the
most sanguinary that has ever raged in
those countries.
Statements of Its Own
Victories.
vernm«nt Controls All the Tele
graph Stations and Issues Only
Country Drained of its Re
sources and Poverty Pre
vails Everywhere.
COLOMBIA IS
DEVASTATED BY
ITS CIVIL WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
30
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Sunny furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also other rooms.
STEVENSON', 409, and 22 Mint ave.— Sunny fur-
nished room: rent reasonable.
STOCKTON. 603— Nice Funny furnished suite,
single ar.d housekeeping rooms; reasonable^
EUTTKIt. 717. near Taylor— Sunny, choice, rea-
sonable; please investigate; bath.
TURK. 12&— Furnished sunny rooms for 1 or 2
gents, or man and wife.
VALENCIA. H7C— Sunny furnished room in
private family.
TURK. SOS— Nicely furnished sunny front or
back rooms; newly furnished.
TURK. 523— Neat, sunny single room; bath,
pas: private family.
WASHINGTON. 1000— Sunny furnished rooms
to let, en suite or single; reasonable ratea.
WEBSTER, 711—4 lanre sunny rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; bath: private.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
Jl WEEK: large sunny furnished room, closet,
bath; private. E34 Folsom; call by 8 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. <
KOOMS WASTED.
WANTED— 3 unfurnished rooms suitable for
housekeeping; 6unny and central; rent $15.
Box 27SL Call office.
ROO3IS
AND HOARD.
GENTLEMAN' would teach German for room
rent. Box 41fi2. Call office. *
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A SACniFlCE A SACltlFICE
INCOME $40 PER MO.
Four tenements, lot 70x80 feet. In splendid
reeling district; civen away lor
11750.
BELDCN & COOK.* Washington and 14th sts.
K2 60 PER Toot; fine building lots; north side;
very central; half block frora Telezraph ave.
EELDEN & COOK. Washington and Four-
teenth £tS. ?
5l2Sft— CHEAPEST lot ever offered; 50x130;
ninny tide; near Telegraph ave. ; easy waik-
irg to narrow pause; worth $2009. BELDEN
& COOK. Washington and Fourteenth sts.
1300— CHOICE corner: 44x100; on Piedmont elec-
t trie line; fciEh Ero'Jnd ami close to power-
house; terms if desired. HELDEN &. COOK,
Washington and Fourteenth «s.
jnnC-SlOO CASH. J^J !>er ncnth: new S-room
dweilirnr; finely situated on *ouT}»es-st corner;
Pfcdstoat; bank sale. UELDEX & COOK,
Wafhlnsioa and I'-earteer.tii tts.
$$e>0— 7-ROOU house near racetrack, Judeon
Iron Wcrks and local train?; fine place for
- mechanic. BXSLDS3I & COOK. Washington
end Fourteenth its.
Ji:nC— COMFORTABLE cottage. 4 large rooms,
larfre lot ":'xl50 fact, with double trontagf-;
fronts the best street in Oakinr.d: good barn
and driveway. GF,O. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100* Uroadway. Oakland.
C00> ' •DOWJSTOXFS; nice pair 5-roomea flats: I
rests Si 1 *; near local; always rented. GIX). !
W. AUSTIN fc CO.. U0S Broadway. Oakland, j
SSEOB— 'ELEGANT r.ew home of 9 rooms; lot
ftfjcllD; open lawn: right downtown: worth
SG.-.OO; very Eunny. «..EO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
A COZV Colonial T-roomed home; hair finished;
will alter or complete to suit; lot S2 or €1x116;
s bargain and favorable terms. GEO. W.
AUSTIN & CO., IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
$£250 — ON Tcltgra;ih ave. ; Colonial home of 6
rooms; up-to-date: lot . r ,2xl3E: high corner.
GrO. W. AUSTIN d: CO.. 100b Broadway,
Oakland.
VERNON Heights— A bargain; fine new two-
Ftery house, just finished, will be Bold low
erid on easy terms, or will lease to a good
tenant. Apply to JAS. E. NAISMITH, 402
Ninth st.
BIG SACRIFICE.
Nearly new home of 7 rooms, bath, conserva-
tory and porches; fine large lot; near <ars i
end trains: fruit trees, garden and barn; J27-S0
cash: cert me $4900. Address Owner. P. O. |
box tl?. Sacramento, Cal.
•SACRIFICED— t acres near Lake Merritt; of-
fer wasted. HALL. C25 Sutter et., S. F.
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, tent to any address In the
t T n*t«xl Pt^fn or Cgnart* cm year f»r 11.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
A HANDSOME residence of $ rooms, bath, car-
isets. barn, lawn; tS9 24th tt.. near Grove;
rent low. lcijulre R. FRA1CKE, 1622 Grove
st.. Oaklsr.d.
GOOD houses. Get Ust from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. 1003 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURX-TIKE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave.. 105. off Polk— Large furnished
and unfurnished rooms; housekeeping.
BIR<~H. ave., Z~. otl Larkin. near City Hall—
Nicely furnished housekeeping room; rent rea-
sonable.
BRADY. <4. c!T Market—2 rooms furnished or
unfurnished for houwkeej.ing.
XX3LORES. SS2— 3 rooms, partly furnished for
housekeeping; cock stove; tunny; no children.
JjOLORES. 1100— Large sunny ynfurnlshed
rooms, en euite or single; rent S3 to 17.
EUDY, 473— Floor. Z cr 3 rooms; closets, pantry,
Iras and coal ranges; furnished complete.
EDDY. 207—1 large front room, complete for
housekeeping; single rni., S3; gas, bath, quiet.
ELLIS, Cl£— 2 or 3 sunny front rooms, all com-
plete; must be ee?n to appreciate; moderate.
ELLIS. Cl— Newly furnished front suite house-
keeping rooms. J2i 50; also one room. $19.
ELEVENTH. 225. near Howard — 1 large fur-
nls!ied room and 1 unfurnished; 14.
FIFTH. 2.^—2 sunny housekeeping, $12; also
sunny hall rooms, J4 and $5.
FOLSOM. S"4 — Sunny front bay-window room
and kitchen; modern conveniences; private;
S3 week.
GOLDEN GATE av«.. 1030—2 or 3 furnished
rooms; light housekeeping; gas stove; free tel.
JOHNSON House. 12S3 Folsom** st., southeast
comer i<ih — Large ounny housekeeping rooms.
MARKET, near Fifth— 2 rooms, furnished, fold-
ing bed; gas; 510; part. Jll Kearny st.
MINNA, is— Funny furnished front housekeep-
ing ar.U single rooms; 75c and Jl per week.
MISSION. 1275— Partly cr completely furnished
front and back parlor; tunny; running water;
li£ht housekeeping tiermitted.
CAK, 125 — Large sunny front room, with kitch-
en: newly furnished; folding bed; ga»; bath;
reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Large sunny
bay-window, $10; with kitchen complete, $1J.
BOCTH PARK. 177— S furnished rooms for
liouE*-kf«^>ir:£: very convenient.
TURIZ. Cia— 2 lumlshed rooms lor housekeep-
ing-. $12.
S FURNISHED rooms for hskpg. in private
family. Call 227 Dore. nr. Sth and Harrison.
ai — KOTL"K unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
no children. 121S Stanyan ft., near 17th.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* anfl subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH olfice for Call advertisements and
ruberriptions has beea established at 1C.€
Valencia et.
ROOM<i TO LET — Fern, and Infurn.
/-EP.UXEV.ICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to Jl p«r nitrht; II 25 to $o per week, and light
housekeeping; open ail night.
ALBION ave.. 1CS— One or two eunny unfur-
nishfd rooms to let.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
r.ithed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUPH. 2t4— Flimlshea eunny rooms, eults or
circle. "Sc per night up; transient.
EU5H. t20 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
ir*?nova'tPd, nlc!v Turn, sunny rms.. Jl DO to $7
w*ek; 25c to J1E0 night. MRS. P. RAN FT.
CLARA. 16fi. near Fifth— Two rooms. H E0;
also 3 rooxna.
CLIFFORD. 104 Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
2 lurnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM. C23— Larpe front parlor: folding
beds; suitable for 2 gentr; rents $10.
FUXTON. £7— Nicely furnished room; half block
frcm City Hall. i
GEARY. 40; (The Xavarre)— Elegantly furnished ',
nns. : suites or r inirle; travelers eccoacni'XSated.
GEARY. 771— Large well-furnished sunny suite,
with use of bathroom. In quiet private family.
GHARY. 1C12 — 2 eunny rooms to let furnished
or unfurnished, with use of bath and tel.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. ICiO — 2 well-fumlshed
rooms suitable for per.tlemen; free telephone.
CRAND BOUTHESK, southeast corner Seventh
end bDsalcn tts.— Sucny rooms, en euite or
eir.erlc; ladies' ]>arlor: reading-room; elevator.
GliOVE. m»— Nict- funny front room; also 1
other rooms; ea*: telephone.
HARUISOX, 7tl'L. rsetw <th— Finely furnished
eunny rooms. l>ath; all conveniences; home-
like; rrivate; H w«t w.
IIATKS. 7S1— 1 or 2 nie*2y furnished rooms In
private family.
HAWTHOHNE. 154-Larjfe sunny room, nicely
furnifhed, fuitsbie for 1 or 2 Ecntlamen, with
cr without board.
JONES. C16. near Post— Newly furnished ninny
l»ay-wln<low front rorsm: private family.
LAUKIN, fclSVt— Sunny front room suitable for
lady or gcnt'.enian; eas; bath; $7. •
LAKKIN. 1004. near Port— Large Newly fur-
nished (anny_rooniE; suitable fdr couple; IS.
LA£KIE, It. off Mission, bet. Sth and Sth— Nlce-
!y«furnished room: low rent.
LAS PALMAS. lSW Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath; tin. 1ms. : board optional.
LASKIE. 27H. off Mission, between Eighth and
Ninth— Sunny furnished rocres.
LEAVENWORTH. 51S-J2asemcnt of 2 gunny
' roorr.e. unfurnished.
MASON. f;C2, corner Post— Sunny furnished
rooms. S<i; 2 housekeeping rooms, gas &nd
range, t:3.
MCALLISTER. £4—? nicely furnished rooms;
running water; cheap; %%.
MCALLISTER. 1721, cor. Broderlck— 2 elegant
front rms, frnslid or unfrnshd; modern; pri-
vate houte; with or without board.
1IINNA. e«5— Larre Funny front room fur-
nished; private family; J€ per month.
MINNA. C67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
insSION, 1224, near 11th— Pleasant rooms: pri-
vate fzmlSy; lor 2 persons; f I 50 a week.
GOOD home for young lady who works during
day; use of piano If desired; terms reason-
able. Box 3C42, Call office.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St., near Har-
rison. ,
KIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. 1C04 California st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
ROOM for mother and care of child 3 years old;
board for mother optional; state terms. Box
41S3. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of S20 Lake 6t., San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half-or-
phans from July 1 to October 1. 1900: Amelia
A. L. Dienst. 11 years 8 months; Emma Alice
Planto. 9 years 4 months; Emily O'Nell, 4
years 6 months; Henrietta B. Clark, 9 years
I months; Edna Corscilia. 7 years 4 months;
Irene Corscilia, 3 years; Mary Ellen Morgan,
10 years 4 months; Lucy Rose Morgan, 8
years 8 month*.
LADIES— Chlchester*s English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; Eafe. reliable; take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars: "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mail; at dtug-
giEts Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for SI; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. teSO.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 203 Fourth.
SEWING 31ACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
ehuUles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE A>"D WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storase Co.. 722 Mission »t;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
¦WILSON BROS., etorase and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Moving Con
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
BARX 11 stalls to let, with lot 70x100. Apply
at S21 Ninth ft.
STABLES TO LET.
SLOT '.atACllIN'ES
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; large
display: very cheap. S27 Market, room 220.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAIN'S IX TTPEWRITERS-W«
fell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery et.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannagtn & Gallagher*,
DANIEL I*. DONOVAN. M«r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth ft., opposite Lincoln School.
- ,•-. Telephone South 80. • • \- -
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
E'.rth. marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. «
CORRIGAN— In this city. October 16, 1900, to
the wife of James Corrlgan, a eon.
¦ Farmer - Green " (reading)— The English
have i sent ten regiments of lancers to
Peking., ¦¦•¦,:•¦-".¦••" ¦:¦"¦ ¦.¦¦¦ ¦-/ -.-,•..>•;.,
;. Mrs. Green— My goodnesal 'That's
enough doctors to Kill the hull of China.
r-Judser . ., . .
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and; Return.
|1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. £21 Market st. Saiisallta Ferry.
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:13 a. m.; l:4j and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS S:0O. 10:00. 11:23 and 1:13 d. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
MONDAY NIGHT GOODS
V WILL BE BAFFLED OFF
St. Biigid's Fair Will Close on Tues-
day Evening With a Promenade
and Concert.
St. Brigld's fair was a dream of beauty
last night. From early In the evening un-
til a late hour the aisles were thronged
¦with gayly dressed : women In smart
gowns which put a world of color and
animation Into the bright scene. ?
Professor R. J. Harrison, the organist
at the cathedral, whose untiring efforts
have helped make • the bazaar a success,
was in the music stand all through the
evening and charmed the visitors with de-
lightful music. He was assisted by Mrs.
and the Misses Johnson. -
A grand auction was -held during the
evening at the Alhambra booth. ¦ George
W. Phelps wielded the hammer and was a
very expert auctioneer, never overlooking
a single bid.- Mesdames Harrison,- Pescia,
Shea and Gardiner were all in attendance
in the publication booth and worked hard
to make : the Gazette a paying paper.
They are well satisfied with the results.
Misses Helen Neshfield. May Robinson
and Mabel and Alice Harrison have also
been hard workers in the Journalistic line.
Miss Harriet Skidmore has be«n the able
editor of the Gazette. '¦• ; ~ ;
Next Monday and Tuesday evenings all
the goods that have not been sold or raf-
fled oft will be sold at auction.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: :
'Jooeph O. Lcfebvre. 33, 32C1 Twenty-flrst St.,
and Ollle Hilton. 26. 3308 Twenty-flrst street.
John H. Houghton. 21. Los Gatos. and Eliza
R. McCuIlough. If. 1031 Dolores street.
F. O" Sullivan, 27. 3839 Seventeenth street, and
Mary A. Birmlng-ham, 28, 62 Hancock Etreet.
£amuel Cohen, 23, Los Angeles, and Fannie
M. LJlumenthal, £6, Los Ar.geles.
Frederic Morcan. 20. 733 Buah street, and
Clara E. Paul. 28. 9C7 Ellis street.
Vincenzo Battaglla. 33. Bouldin Island, and
Giorslna Gianni, 24, 1024 Montgomery street.
£amucl W. Towie, 21, i30 Third street, and
Mamie 4ude. 19, 2»y. Rltch street.
AVilliam Lcuzlrer Jr., £6, Somersville, and
Alice J. Sorg»»nfrey, 22, Antloch.
James F. O'Connor, 26, 4095 Eighteenth street,
and Mary A. Doyle. 23. 647A Castro street.
Harvey R. Schenk. 23, 1342 Bush Etreet, and
Mae G. Gafney. 25, 24S0 Bush street.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
Curtains.
Some exclusive and original designs
in lace curtains. Nottingham. Irish
points, Brussels, Swiss novelties, Ara-
bians, Marie Antoinette and Door
Panels.
See windows for curtains and mats.
ScW-uetei:
215-217 Sutter St., above Kearny.
Here's a clean little mat 22x36
inches— made of pretty, patterned
linoleum. It's the most econom-
ical covering for bare spots or to
go before the fireplace.
¦fe
Via Scusallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:55. »9:15, 11:00 a. m., *1:43
J:15. 4:00. 5:15, '6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00, •10:C0,. ni:30 a. m.. "1:13,
3:15. «4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCT3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:25. »S:30. 7:45, 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:43. »3:2O. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. *$M. •10:00. *11:45 a. m.,
•1:40, •3:13. 4.:i3. ««:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15, 1:33.
3:00. 6:4J p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
6:;.> a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
S:CO a. m. Sundays— Tomales and- way sta-
tions.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Leave* MarkH-street Ferry Depot.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
I Wf^Blz Mis
- Kansas City... 5:1a p m
•• Chicago .:40 am
9 am. train is the Overland Express. Corr*.
.Do-Tding train arrives at 6 p. m. dally.
i iio d m. Is Stockton LocaL Corresponding
tra'n arrive* 11:63 a- n>. daily. _<r
«-00 D-m U Fresno and Bakersfleld Expres*.
with sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 3 a. m. dally.
oVFICES-641 Markat st. and in Ferry Depot.
FaV Francl?*-": 11U» ttmnrlwar. Oakland.
NOTICE— Taxes due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization— Control-
ler's Department, State of California. Sac-
ramento. October 9. 1900. — In accordance with
the provision* of Section 366S of the Political
Code, notice is hereby given that I have re-
ceived from the State Board of Equalization
the "Duplicate Record of Assessments cf
Railways" and the "Duplicate Record of Ap-
portionment of Railway Assessments." con-
taining the asse*«ments upon the property of
each of the following named associations or
corporations, as fixed by Bald State Board of
Equalization for tho year 1900, to-wlt:
Central Pacific Railroad Company, South
Pacific Coast Railroad Company. Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company. Southern California
Motor Rood Company. Carson and Colorado
Ttailroaa Company. California Northwestern
Railway Company (lessees San Francisco and
North Pacific Railroad). Santa Fe Pacific Rail-
road Company, San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company. Southern California
Railway Company, North Paclflo Coast Rail-
road Company. Pacific Coast Railway Com-
pany. Pajaro Valley Consolidated Rail-
road Company. Nevada County Narrow-
Gauge Railroad Company, Nevada-Callfornla-
Oregon Railway Company. Alameda and San
i Joaquin Railroad Company, Sierra Railway
Company cf California, Ran<J»burg Railway
Company. Gualala River Railroad Company.
SierTa Valleys Railway Company. California
and Nevada Railroad Company. San Francisco
and Ban Mateo (Electric) Railroad Company
and Pullman's Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
•property, and one-half of the Btate and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable, and will be delinquent on the last
Mcnday In November next at « o'clock p. m
and unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto, C per cent will be rxJded
to the amount thereof, and unless so oaJd on
cr before the last Monday in April next, at S
o'clock p. m., an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of the State and
I county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at any tine alter the first Mon-
day in 'January next, and will be delinquent
on th» la?t Monday In April next, at 6 o'clock
i p. m.. and unless paid to the State Treasurer,
ut the Capitol, prior thereto, 6 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. Controller.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 110 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after Thurs-
day, November 1, 1S0O. Transfer books close
Friday. October 26, 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
C^Funeral services to-morrow (Monday),
at 11:30 o'clock, at her late residence, 2230
Central avenue. Alameda. Cremation I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. Take Geary-street cars.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White. 122 Eddy street, under the
auspices of the Press Club of Ban Francisco.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
ZEH — In Alameda. October 20, 1900, Juana. be-
* loved wife of Gottlieb Zeh. and mother of
Mrs. J. G. Humphrey and Amanda, Carl and
¦ Theodore Zeh, a native of Guadalajara, Mex-
ico, cged M years 6 months and 20 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from McGinn Bros.'
.undertaking parlors, 31 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WIGGIN— In this city. October IS. 1900. Marcus
P. WlRgln. a native of Maine, aged 63 years.
H. ¦ M. SCHMIDT. Secretary.
WING ROVE— In this city. October 19, 1900.
Edward Wingrove, beloved son of Elizabeth
Winerove, and brother of Mrs. Elizabeth
Ayres, a native of New York, aged 39 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
E^ Friends and" acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday),' at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemeterv.
MEMBERS of Abraham Lincoln Council,
Junior Order of United American Mechanics,
are hereby notified to attend the funeral of
our late brother. Edward M. Walsh, from
the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness
avenue, to-morrow (Monday), at j 2 o'clock.
By order, of the councilor,
H. C. PUCKHABER.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2327 Bush street. Interment H1113
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
WALSH— In this city. October 20. 1900, Edward
M. Walsh, beloved son of the late Mary
Getchell, stepson of James T. Getchell, father
of Eldred C. Walsh and Mrs. F. J. Emerson,
and brother of Mrs. Annie Kerrlson, a na-
tive of Rockland, Me., aged 60 years 10
months and 13 days.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S07 Filbert street, between Mason and
Taylor, thence to St. Francis Church, where
a high requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 8:45
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSENSTEIN— In this city, October 19, 1900.
Paul, beloved son of Simon and Llna Rosen-
stein, and brother of Julius. Fritz, Otto,
Clara and Ludwig Rosenstein and Mrs. S.
Schoenholz, a, native of Germany, aged 27
years 1 month and 19 days.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2100 Greenwich street, corner of Web-
ster, thence to St. Brlgid's Church, corner of
.Van.Ness avenue and Broadway, for services
at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
ROBL— In this city. October 17. 1300. Margaret
Robl. beloved wife of the late- John Robl, and
mother of Frank W., Katie E., John C. and
. Henry J. Robl, a native of Mallow, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 63 years 6 months and 4
days.
G.. -beloved husband" of Elizabeth Laws, son
of Mrs. Rose Laws, and brother of E. C,
Pearl, Lelah,^Josephine, Ruth and -Grace
' Laws," Mrs. E. Rock. Mrs. ~ F. D. Johnson,
Mrs. E. W. Wainwright and Mrs. J.'J. Brad-
ley, a native of California, aged 23 years 8
months and IS days.
E^Friends and acquaintances ; are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this , day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 1317 Jackson street. , Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city, October 19, 1900. Joseph J..
eldest son of John J. and the late Amelia
Levy, and brother of Sol J. Levv. Mrs. D.- S.
Davis. David A. Levy, Mrs. J. S. Goldschmidt
and Maria and Rebecca Levy, a native of
New, .York City, aged 53 years. (New York
papers please copy.)
IlJ'" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 2609 Fillmore street. Crema-
tion I. O. O. F. Crematory. ; :\;
LYONS— In Oakland, October 19, 1900, James
B. Lyons, beloved husband of Ann Lyons,
father of Thomas F., James B.. Maggie, An-
nie flJid Josephine Lyons and Mrs. Richard
Bennetts, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
ETFriandK and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at — o'clock, from "his late resi-
dence, 660 Adeline street, thence to the Church
of the Immaculate Conception, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at — o'clock. In-
terment Drivate, St. Mary's Cemetery. Oak-
land. ..- Please omit flowers.
MATHEWS— In Oleander. Fresno County, Mrs.
Lavena Mathews, a native of New York, aged
75 years. . . '
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 23, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craig & Cochran Company, 52 and 66 Mint
avenue. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MILLHOUSE— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, October 20, 1900. John Millhouse. a native
of New York, aged SS years.
MUSHNOUT— In this city, July 29, 1900, John
Mushnout, a native of Sweden, aged 42 years
2 months and 20 days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. «
PISCKULIG-In the City and County Hospital,
October 20, 1000. Martin Pisckullg. a native
of Russia, ased E2 years.
RIEDEL— In Church Springs, Oakdale, October
18, 1900, Charles Erhardt Riedel. dearly be-
loved son of William and Wilhelmine Riedel.
and brother of Albert Riedel/ a native of
Ulm, Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 22 years 10
months and 12 days. A member of Golden
Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen of the World.
lE^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 3723 Twenty-sixth street, near
Guerrero. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, via electric funeral car.
RING— In this city, Richard, dearly beloved
son of Annie and the late Richard Ring, a
native of San Francisco. A member of Gold-
en Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen of the
World.
DIED. '
Bertvert, John Lasky, Betsy
"xCause, Alice M. Laws, George G. *
Chase, James L. Levy, Joseph J.
Conklin, PhiliD A. Lyons, James B.
Connolly, James Mathews, Mrs. L.
Deitemeier. Raymond Millhouse. John ,
Dorn, Marcellus A. Mushnout, John
Edwards, Man' E. Pisckullg, Martin
Elben. Edzard H. Riedel. Charles U.
Ewing, OaDt. E. E. ' Ring. Richard
Fitzgerald. John T. Robl. Margaret
Gilhooly, John - Rosenstein, Paul
Godeau, Leontlne P. Walsh, Edward M.
Guldemann. Henry Wlgeln, Marcus P.
Harrington. Joseph Wlngrove. Edward
Karris. Lewis B. Zeh, Juana
Hayes, John
BERWERT— In this city, October 18, 1900. John
Berwert, dearly beloved husband of Alma M.
Berwert. father of Alden Berwert. stepfather
of Gussie and Charley Metzler, son of Anna
Maria Berwert, brother of Mrs. Maria Im-
fanger. Joseph Berwert. Mrs. Sarvadue Bazel.
Mrs. Anton Kempf, Frank Berwert and Mrs.
John MeUter, and nephew of John Berwert,
a native of Canton Underwalden, Switzerland,
aged 32 years 3 months and IS days. A mem-
ber of Bald Eagle Tribe No. 72, I. O. R. M.,
and Court Presidio No. 40. F. of A.
K7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 11 Alvarado street, between Twenty-
second and Twentythlrd and Guerrero street
and San Jose avenue, thence to St. Anthony's
Church, Army street, near Folsom, for ser-
vices. High mass will be celebrated to-mor-
row (Monday), at 8 o'clock, at above church.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
CAUSE— In this city, October 19, 1900, Alice
May Cause, beloved wife of W. B. Cause, and
mother of Alice May Cause, a native of Chi-
cago, 111., aged 29 years 8 months and 14 days.
(Cincinnati, Denver and Chicago papers please
copy.) •-
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 54S Minna street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
CHASE— In this city, October 19, 1900, James
Lawrence, beloved husband of Emma F.
Chase, and father of Bessie M, Chase, a na-
tive of Temoleton, Mars.
CT Friends arc respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 22 Beaver
elreet. Interment private, in Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 11:40 o'clock train from Twenty-
firth and Valencia streets.
CONKLIN— In Manila, P. I., October 19. 1900,
Philip A. Conklin. beloved son of W. M.
Conklin, brother of Maurice B.' Conklin, and
nephew of Frank and Kate Conklin, a native
of New York, aged 26 years.
CONNOLLY— In this city, October 19. 1900,
James Connolly, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years.
DEITEMEIER— In this city. October 19, 1900.
Raymond F., beloved son of William F. and
Mary Alice Deitemeier, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 10 months and 14 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 127A Capp street. Interment
rrivate.
DORN— In this city, October 18. 1300. Marcellus
A. Dorn, a native of California, aged 43
years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Mission Lodge No. 163,
F. and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by special train from Third and Town-
send streets. Remains will He In state at the?
Masonic Temple between 11 a. m. and. 12:30
p. m.
N. S. G. W. — Funeral notice^ — The officers and
members of the grand and subordinate par-
lors. N. S. G. W., are hereby notified to meet
at 12 o'clock sharp this day (Sunday), at N.
S. G. W. Hall. 414 Mason street, for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of Past Grand
President Marcellus A. Dorn.
R. C. RUST. Grand President.
HENRT LUNSTEDT. Grand Secretary.
PACIFIC Parlor No. 10, N. S. G. W.— The
members are hereby notified to assemble at
N. S. G. W. Hall. 414 Mason street, this
day (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, for the purpose
of attending. the funeral of our late brother,
M. A. Dorn.' By order
JOHN* F. CANNON, Acting President
JOHN C. MILLER. Recording Secretary.
EDWARDS- In this city, October 20. 1900, Mary
Elizabeth, widow of the late R. M. Edwards,
and mother of William. Maze, David and
Samuel Edwards and Mrs. Joseph Jenks., a
native of London. England, aged SI years 2
months and 20 days.
ETFuneral services to-morrow (Monday),
at 1 o'clock, at her late residence. 1407 Gough
street. Interment Drlvate.
EIBEN— In this city, October 20, 1900, Edzard
Henry, beloved son of Henry and the late
Annie Elben. brother of Anita, Alma, Hazel
and Myrtle Eiben, and nephew of Mrs. Clara
Faithful and Albert and Ellis Worrall. a na-
tive of California, aged 1 year 4 months and
3 days.
ipr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his father, 392 Dolores street, between 'Six-
teenth and Seventeenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eirhteenth and Guerrero streets.
EWING— In this city, October 20, 1900, Captain
Eimore Ellis Ewing, beloved husband of Min-
erva F. Ewing, and father of Mrs. Jessie E.
Stokes of Delaware, Ohio, a native of Ewlng-
town. Ohio, aged 60 years and 8 months.
(Portsmouth and Delaware, Ohio, papers
please copy.)
C7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason
ftreet, between O'Farrell and Geary. Inter-
ment at Delaware, Ohio, via 10 a. m. train
Monday.
FITZGERALD— In this city. October 20, 1900,
John T.. beloved husband of Mamie Fitz-
gerald, father of Edward, lames and Susie
Fitzgerald, brother of Mrs. James Cruise,
Mrs. Robert Henry and Annie Fitzgerald,
and son-in-law of Mr. D. McCluskey, a
native of Troy, N. T., aged 34 years 8 month*
and 14 days.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral Tuesday.
October 23, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 92S Dolores street, thence to St. James
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
! Cemetery.
GILHOOLY— In the City and County Hospital.
October 20. 1900, John Gilhooly. a native of
Ireland, aged CO years. . ,-
GODEAU— An annual high requiem maes will
be celebrated Tuesday. October 23, at 9:30
o'clock, at .Notre Dame des Vlctolres French
Church.- Bush etreet. for the repose of the
soul of Leontine Pac Godeau, beloved mother
of Julius S. Godeau.
GULDEMANN— In this city, October 17, 1900.
Henry, beloved husband of Augusta Gulde-
mann. and father of Willie, Elsie, Dora and
David Guldemann. a native -of Baden, Ger-
many, aged 35 years 3 months and 13 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
11. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission etreet. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. * -- ,
HARRINGTON— In the City and County Hos-
pital, October 20. 1900. Joseph Harrington, a
native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
HARRIS— In East Oakland, October 16, 1900,
Lewis B. Harris, beloved son of Lew B. and
Minnie Sampson Harris, and grandson of
John A. Sampson, aged , 15 years and S
months. - ' . .
CT Funeral .service private at the residence
of the parents, 1221 EiRhth avenue. East Oak-
land, to-morrow (Monday), at 11:30*o'c1ock.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco, at 2:15 o'clock.
HAYES— In. this city. October 19. 1900. John
Hayes, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fullly invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
¦ Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Fidelity Lo.lye No. 120,
F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LASKY— In Woodland. Cal.. October 14. 1900, \
B<tsy, beloved wife of M. Lasky, and mother
of Flora, Rachel, Frances and Israel ¦ Lasky,
a native of .Germany,' aged 63 years 11 months
and 22 days.. , ; •-'.
LAWS— In this city. October 18. 1900. George
MARBIED.
AXGELIUS-RUHLAND— In this city, October
20. 1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendellne, Fred An-
selius and Minnie Ruhland.
DUNSTER— JANICE— In this city, October 17.
1?00, by the Rev. J. Fuendellnj?, Georgre W.
Dunster and Adeline Dorothy Janice.
GOEZ— KLASS— In this city, October 14, 1900,
by the Rev. Paul Branke, Charles F. Goez
and Mary Kiass, both of San Francisco.
JAGGI— GARTH— In this city, October 15, 1900,
by the Rev. J. Fuendellug, Alfred Jaggi and
Edith F. Barth.
RUHE— FEIST— In this city. October 18. 1900.
Willy Ruhe of Indian Gulch. Marlpoaa
County, Cal., and Elsbeth Feist of Braun-
Echweig, Germany.
SCHELEY— BURCH-In this city. October 17.
1MC0, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William T.
. Seheley and Netta M. Burch.
SWEENEY— TAYLOR— In this city, at Holy
Cross Church, by the Rev. Father Ryan,
William P. Sweeney and ilarlc Stella Tay-
lor.
NOVTiiKK.N rti:iri<: coin-AST.
|p*ciri<: svktkm.I
•»%> niANriKCo.
(Main Line. Fcot «•! Uaxk't Street)
I.XATX — Fuuh October 1. 19C0. — abriv*
•T:OOi B:*".lcla., Suisnn, Elmiri. YacaTiUe.
Eamspj ami ."Ucraiueiitn *7s4<*y
•7:00a Shssta Express- DaTis. Williams (for
¦ -~i " KartitiU SpringsX Willow a, Ketl
liluff. Ported. *7i-J3»
*7i3Oa Jlvtinet, .Sau Kamou. Vallejo. Nap*.
CitHalotfa ami Sunca Rosa 'fliISp
¦8:00a D&Tis. Woodland. KnljtfeU Landia*.
M&rysfill«, Oro'ille *7il3p
•ft:OO* AtUuti<: Kti -,reH— i'z ••!*" and Kast *1S: t.ip
•»:«»* Nile*. Tricy, Lathrop, Stockton "JM3a
•¦>»Oa Hkh Jose. LlTeriuure, iftucklon,
lone. .-f.ieriiim-nM. PUcerrUl«,
M:.rjtTllle, Cbico, Ue.l IIIufT M«l!l»
•HtSttA OaktUle, Chinese, »onora. Carters... »J:!3f
•«:««» Httymrtla. Niks »nd Way buttons. •! Ill5*
*?:<••> A Los Aa;e.'ei Erprean — Mutlun, .
Tracj, Lrttiirnp. .Siocktoa, pierced
Vresuo Mini Lus Anfeles "7:1. 1»
*9:3Oa VaJ|,.j,,, MarUunx *mt Way 8Ui!ot)« *&: l»r
•1O:OO* TUoOTerUiiillimlted-OifdeD. Den-
Ter. Omaha. Chicago *6:-ftl»
; MIsOQa Nil-«. SUickton. nacrnm^nto. Mfn-
<i»t«. Frrtno, Jiatiford, V is-lU.
Firc-nlUe M:139
•1 1:00a LiTenanre. Sacgrr. CJoshen Juco
tiou, Bakerstleld, Loa Angeles
•I«:««m H;iyw.«y v .«. Xil«««:i<l Way stations. *2»43»
fl.Olir Wr*...<M,r,, Ui.er Sle»mm» fS:OO&
•:ii«M»r.Hay.Tur(U, Nilra ami \V«, .SUtlonf. *»:«3*
M:UI»r Martiiirr. Hm> liaiuon. Vallejo,
N:i|>.-i. l,'ali»t.» K i». .SauU ItoRa «U:I3*
MtOttr B-ulcia. Winters, H»cram»nto,
W.i.i.IIhii.1, Ki.ii.hU JjkutUuK.
V uiyEvi.il'. Oiu ,- i: 1,, • I ti: 1 .1 4
MiSDf Nllei. Man. Irmeaua Stockton *7>I3»
•a:UOrTbo O-.»i I^nibd-Tncy, Ftesuo.
Btkersfielri. Si,:vns fur Sianta Uir-
Wa, Los Ancrles. *I0:l.i4
•5i»Op Stockton.., , *WM3A
•3iOi»r»w Orl>-anr Exprua— lUkeraileM,
biuito lt.«r»i tit, l.n Angles. l>cm-
In i,-, El l*so. New Orlcaus and
K«»t •71I.I4
•O:«tOp Ha?nanl«, HUtt »nd Sa:i Jose •7i*:»a
fO:OI>r Vall«j<> ¦••»¦•«
•OiO«r Oriental Mail-Ogleu. Chejeune.
Oioalia, CUUngo *13:I3*
•«:OOf Ori»it»I Hail— OeJen, u-nur
Oti*»>». Chici»<» ,~ M>t»p
•7:flO» Niley^rdfy, L«throp. 8tocktc>n.... »ia;13?
•7sO«r <>i<f.n *!.<i C.vil;.. n.ii Kxi>r«u.Mi«e-
i»i»n.t.i. Mary*>i!l«. lte.1.1!::*,
|-iiitU:rl. rttfH :,(.¦« ,,.1 au.l Kaat *9:43a
J»:O3r Valltjo. Pori t;ota and W»» »U-
tUma tll'Wf
COAST IHVIstON (^.rro.T <iaa B e). It
(F;..ot i»f Uarket Streel.>
•S»I.1a Newark.t>iilrrtill(?,Ma«.»o»o.F»lton,
I!oui»!orC'njel(,.SaiiUCrnx»D<t Way
StaUonn ••:••»
l»«ia r Newark C'euterTillo. K*u .1. »o New
Almadoo, Folttin. llonlilnr Creek.
a.iir* (,'raz »ud 1'iiuciynl Wa;
Blatlous \int.ii>4
•41 : 1. Tp Newark. H»u Jose. LosGatos "S:.1»k
alI:J'"Sp Itunie»-»" Exzursioa, San Jos* and
Way St»tion» j~i*«r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. '
rrimSlS rsmiSCO— r««t *r Virket Slrnt(S!i> ?) —
•7:15 9;0O 11:00a.m. tl:03 # 2:33 t3:O
•4:C3 J5:C3 •8:S3r.M.
rnmCilUIS— r<tl*rBriaii«iJ.— '0:00 8:C9 I0:0Ot.M.
112:33 '1:33 t2:Q3 '3::3 |i:S3 '8:33 r.n.
(OAST KIVISION ilSrouiMJnng").
(Third ai t* Townseml Sta.)
re: 10 \ Ocean View, South 3an Francisco.. t^>3*T
•7:O»A San .lone uml '/ay HtHtiona (New
Alamder 1Ve>lne«dayson!y) •lllOv
•BiOOa Han June. Trrn l'iiioa. Hunt* Crux,
FaclUc Urnvo. 1'aso Uoblea. Ban
].uia Ol.ini.a. Hnrf, Loropoc aud
rriuoipal ff«> HUtloni M.lOy
•lOtlO* 8an Jcaa and Way Stations. ««iM»
•II:::i»* San Jobs and W»- SUtlmn *3i»U?
f^: 15c 8*11 Mateo, Kedwoo<I, Menlo Park,
Falo Alto. Santa Clara. .Sail .Jo«e.
1: Tres Pinos. Santa Crux. Salinas,
Mouteiey aiuJ Pacific OroTe ,lt»30i
? :«::tiip S'»n. lose ami Way Stations •7::ti»?
14:1 *P8an Jons and Principal VVaySUtions "J:J3\
t.1:0iip.S»3 Jo«e, Loa Gatos and Priucipal
Way Statioua -10:004
•¦isSOr Saa J»«o an. I I'rincmal Way Stations *»:S3*
•O::si»r San Jou a:nl Way 8tationa t» : oi>. v
all:4."ip San J(.>gr ami Way Statimn *7:30i>
A for .Horning. r* f ur A rtenioon.
•Dally. . t Snn>J»y excepted. I Sunday uoly.
a Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NDRTBWESTERN BY. CO. 1
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN" FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
\CEEIC DAYS — 7:30. 9:C0. H:P0 a. m. : 11:35.
320 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 v. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:W
and U::o d. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:30, ll:C0 a. tx: 1:30. J:S3.
5:00. 6:20 fa. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:30. 9:20. 11:10 a. in.: 12:<3.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and «:35 r>. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:19 a_ ra.; 1:40. 1:40,
8:05. 6:25 r. m.
Between Ean Francisco and Schuetxen Pars.
game scheJule as above.
Leave I In Effect. I ArriY©
San Francisco. (Apr. 15. 1900.) San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I 1 Sun- i W«ek
Dayi. ( days, f Destination.) days, i Day*.
7:30 am 8:C0 »m . Xovato. 10:40 sun! 8:40 am
8:S0pra 8:30 am 'Petaluma. 6:G5 pmll5:-> am,
5:13 pm S:CO pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 praj «:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am WinSsor. 10:25 am.
HealdsburR.
Geyservtlle.
»:M pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pra 8:20 pra
7-30 ami j Hopland j (10:23 am!
J:30 pm| 8:C0 ami and Uiclah- | T:« pmj »:20 pm.
7:30 am 10:25 ac»
S:CO ara Gueraevllle. 7:SS pm.
8:30 pm '-'M pa
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 5:15 am S:40am
• and
8:10 pm[ 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm{ «:2O pm.
7:30 ami 8:M am! 110 :M am|10:J5 am
3:30 prn! 5:C0 pm! Scfcasicpol. | 7:35 pmi 8:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W««t
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at B\xlton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skasss Sprir.srs: at Clorerdal*
for the Geysers: at Holland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprlnpa, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnjrs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; et Uhlan for Vichy Springs. Saratoifa.
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brarv. "West-
port. U»al. Willits. Lartonvilla. Cummins..
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at)
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San RaXael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 650 Market at.. Chroniel* t>!dx.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager, Gen. Pass. A seat.
KAELBOAD TRAVEL.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and llnfnrn.
XEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
ONE nice furnished room. $5 per month; also
cheap housekeeping rooms. Apply at . 102S
Market st.", room 3, second floor.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night 23c to SI, week U 25 to |l: open night.
DICKIE-In San Mateo, October 13, 1900. to
the wife of William Dickie, a daughter.
HOENES— In this city. October 18. 1300, to the
. wife of W. H. Hoenes. a son. - .
MEYER— In this city, October 15. 1900. to the
wife of John C. Meyer, a daughter.
REID— In this city. October 16. 1900, to the
wife of Robert Reid, a daughter.
SCHMITZ— In this city. October 18. 1900, to th«
wife of Frank Schmitz, a son.
TRAYNOR— In this city. October 16, 1900, to
the wife of Thomas Traynor, a daughter.
WILSON— In this citv. October 11. 1900, to the
wife of Charles A. Wilson, a daughter.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis et.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ' ladles' par-
lcr; rooms, per night, 2Gc to $1 50; week, $2 to
JS; month. ?8 to ?30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and <nld water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1G33— Nicely furnished Buite;
all modern conveniences; suitable for two
gentlemen; also single room; private family.New York Grain and Produce.
MISCKL1-.ANE< >t'a MO.NliS.
Bay Co P Co..l02%103 Oak Water 5s. 103% —
Cal-5t Cab 5s..llSH — Oceanic bS im.iwi-^ —
C C Water 5s..lO6"i — lOm C Ry 6s.. 125 — '
td L & f ».U - Pac G Imp 4s.lW —
V & Cl Ry 6s.. — — P A Cl Ry 6s..l04%10S
Geary-st R 5s. — — I* & O H R ss.llo —
H C & S 5%s.. — — Pow-11-" T t ««.l!7i* _
Do R« inn - Sac L G&R 58.100% —
L A R 3s 103K106 3 K * WV m.IIs -
L a luo «».. - .ua |S r «•• f»i ts. - —
Do gntd 6s... — — S P of A 6s 112 —
L A gntd »¦-. — 101% S ±« oflosUSuS)
r. A P R P. Rs. - *»•% ISeries A) 107% —
Market-st CS...12SH129 Do (Series B)108H —
Do 1st M 5s.. 118% — iSPCh <19O«)1l»miO
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Do (1312) ....118 —
N R "t Cal 6s.1iX — S P R 1st g 5s.lO7 . —
Do 5s 116%— S P ii 6s'......l3» —
N P C R R 6s. 102 — S V "Water 6s.if» 114
Do 5s ..106'4107& Do 4s 103 —
N Cal Ry 5S..U0& — Do 3d. mt;..102 —
Oak G L A H.109% — Stkia ua. M ..u* -
Oak Tran 6s... 116^117 V -
\V.\ ••!--« t-T-rvr-vp
Contra Costa.. 63% 71 Spring Valley.. 93U 94
Marln County. 51V4 —
<;»•-• >\i> |.;J- c 'c~-'>* f-^'v-K*.'
Cent L & P Co 4 4\ Pac L Co...'... 44 —
Eqult G L Co. 3% -Z\ S»- F.I Q.*RCo M —
Mutual El Co. 9*4 10% S F G & E 50 50«
O G I. & H 4914 49& San Francisco. 5 5%
Pac Gas Im?..Sl% — bum o « c c - M
-SUivANCE STOCKS.
Anjrlo-Cal Ltd. 6<?H TO First Natlonl..296 300
Bank of Cal. .407. 410 Lcn P & A....UA —
Cal S D & T.. 104^105 Merchants' Ex 16 IS
;- eAu.MjS HANKS.
Ger S & L —1900 Sav & L So... — 81
Hum- 8 * L.. — — e>«c r>*. en.. — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 54 — Union T Co... — —
S F Sav U...-5U — ¦
STREET RAlLROAr* STTKS."
«-,n«-nrnIa ....12» • |O S L' 4 H — 42%L
Geary-st — 43 [Presidio n 2j
» Market-st 66U — I
f-^v "R STOCKS. '
California ....150 160 " "Vlgorlt s% jii
Giant Con Co. 83% — -^
Hana S P Co. 7 — Ktlauca S P C — - 21"
Haw C & S Co — 87 Makaweli S Co 41*4 42H
Honokaa. S Co. 30 — . . Onomea S Co. 27% —
Hutch S P Co. 24 — Paanhau S Co. 30 30?£
.•!•- UAAE 1 '" •• 'I'tKa.
Al Pack Assnl25 — Pac A F A.... l« _
Cal Fruit Asn.101 — Pac C Bor Co.lSfi —
Mer Ex Assn.; 97 100 Par Paint Co.. Ktf —
Oceanic S Co.. — 93
Morning Session.
Board— . ' .. ¦ -
J1C.0OO Bay Counties' Power Co 5s 10! 50
;10 Makaweli Sugar Co 42 50
-90 Makaweli Sugar Co.................... « eo
*2000 Market Street Cable 6s 12S 75
(5000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry Ss 100 75
h 64 Ban Francisco Gaillght........ ..- 5 00
is quar coup...H4\U5H Is do cp (new).134%134S
Is d oreg 114)»U5U 3s do coup — —
UNITF.T> STATES BONDS
The Oceanic Steamship Company has declared
a dividend of 50c per share, payable on Novem
ber 1. .
STOCK AND hOND EXCHANGE.
The following were ex-dlvidend yesterday:
California Fruit Canners' Association. 60c;
California Powder, }1; Central Light and Pow
er. 5c: Hutchlnson Sugar P, 25c; Spring: Val
ley Water, 42a. '
The assessment of 25c on St. Lawrence Oil
falls delinquent October 30. and that of 25c on
McKlttrick OH on November 19.
Business was dull on the Bond Exchange,
with declining quotations for Makaweli Sugar,
Gas and Electric and Spring Valley Water, as
will be seen by the list of sales.
The oil stocks continued to make a good
showing and prices were generally firm.
EASTERN MARKETS.
wringing profits out cf the bears by the de
velopment of an outside buying interest which
attained notable proportions and made itself
felt to a degree also by investment buying of
bonds. Last week's good bank statement and
the large engagements of gold for Import,
which continued this week, gave general en
couragement and the hope was entertained that
the crucial strain on the market had now
parsed and that the resources would prove suf
ficient to meet the unexpected heavy demands.
This hope had additional warrant from the
falling o!T during the week of the interior de- ,
raand for money and larger supply of money
secured by the operations with the Sub-Treas
ury by reason of pension payments and the
larger drafts payable against gold deposits with
the Government at Pacific Coast points. The
reports of Improvement In the Iron and steel
trade, the settlement of the coal miners' strike
and the fact that the average gross earnings
of railroads for the first week in October show- '
; ed an increase again over last year after those
' for the last week in September had fallen off,
, all helped to stimulate the bullish sentiment,
i But the buoyant rise In prices offered attrac
i tive profits to speculators who had sold stocks
j during the long period of inertness and leth
i argy in the market. At the same time the clos
' ing out of large short interests took out of the
market an important support to prices. Look
ing beyond the Immediate present conditions in
the money market, speculators saw some cause
i for renewed apprehension of high rates for
: money. Therefore, by the latter part of the
: week there was again a well defined and in
' fiuenrlal bear party maklnsr Itself evident in the
operations on the Stock Exchange. This par
ty's efforts to work declines were no means
unopposed and the speculative conflict thus
waged caused a very unsettled and irregular
stock market until the general upward move
ment of Frlda". There were widely divergent
movements in some of the minor stocks, but
where a contest between speculative Interests
centered in one stock, as in Union Pacific, the
effect was seen in an astonishingly narrow
price movement on an enormous volume of
dealings. There, is much uncertainty among
the best authorities regarding the further move
ment of gold from abroad and the undoubted
ability of New York to force gold homeward
If necessary may upset the European money
market.
Business in bonds has been considerably
larger and prices of many Issues have ad-. I
vanced. United States new 4s advanced H and j
refunfling 2s and old 4s hi per cent over the i
call of a week ago.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
eold. Stocks— Bid.
20.400 Atchison 30%
25.000 Atchlson prefd 73%
25,500 Baltimore &. Ohio 74Vi
Canadian Pacific £7
225 Canada Southern 54
2.430 Central Pacific
210 Chesapeake & Ohio 30H
4.9. r ><> Chicago Great Western. 11%
1.000 Chicago Burlington & Quincy i:S^»
Chicago Ind & Louisville 22 s ;
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 66
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 93
4,200 Chicago & Northwestern 163%
Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 10S>,
300 C C C & St Louis 63
Colorado Southern 6%
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 39
....... Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15
Delaware & Hudson 112
Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 178
1.050 Denver & Rio Grande tQ%
1,100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 70^4
100 Erie 12%
400 Erie 1st prefd 35%
775 Oreat Northern prefd 159V4
Hocking Coal 14
€00 Hocking Valley 37 1 ,;
1.540 Illinois Central 119**
250 Iowa Central 19U
Iowa Central prefd 41%
755 Lake Erie & Western 37
200 Lake Krie & Western prefd 101
Lake Shore 206
7.400 Louisville & Nashville 75U
i,G<v) Manhattan L 97%
5.435 Metropolitan Street Railway 157 1 !
2.700 Mexican Central 12
110 Minn & St Louis 67
1,350 Minn &. St Louis prefd...*. M
1L925 Missouri Pacific 64%
100 Mobile & Ohio , 39H
1.000 Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
1.310 Mlseouyri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 31'i
750 New Jersey Central 136T4
1.270 New York Central 132%
3,140 Norfolk & Western 37%
Norfolk & Western prefd 76H
11.500 Northern Pacific 54'4
1,100 Xorthern Pacific prefd 72%
2.100 Ontario & Western 22H
Oregon Railway & Nav 42»i
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
3.CS0 Pennsylvania 133V4
€10 Reading 17
3.330 Reading 1st prfed £8*4
SCO Reading 2d prefd .' 28
Rio Grande Western , 49
Rio Grande Western prefd SO
200 St Louis & San Fran 11V4
St Louis & Fan Fran 1st prfed 67
4J0 St Louis & San Fran 2d prfed 36V4
610 Rt Louis Southwestern 13%
1,500. 8t Louis Southwestern prefd 30%
6.650 Pt Paul 115%
St Paul prefd ..171
St Paul & Omaha 113
16.900 Southern Pacific 35%
£.700 Southern Railway 13%
2,450 Southern Railway prefd 57
24S Texas & Pacific 16%
13.S00 Union Pacific 61%
2.542 Fnlon Pacific prfed 75%
1,000 Wabash 7%
2.200 Wabash prefd 19
S00 Wheeling & Lake Erie 8%
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 25%
300 Wisconsin Central jsii,
Third A\ r enue 112
Express Companies —
£00 Adams 127
American /... 153
United States 46
Wrtla Fargo 128
Miscellaneous —
183 American Cotton Oil 3S«4
American Cotton Oil prefd 9Hi
American Malting 42
American Malting prefd : 23
2.S10 American Smelting and Refining.. 42%
1,971 American Smelting and Refining pfd 91%
American Spirits l
American Sptriw prefd ..17
7.500 American Steel Hooa 24U
230 American Steel H&op prefd 70
25,300 American Steel & Wire 36%
1,213 American Steel & 'Wire prefd.. 75%
1,900 American Tin Plate 33%
American Tin Plate prefd 82
6,65) American Tobacco 95ty
American Tobacco prefd, ISO
4.075 Anaconda Mining- Co 46T«
9.(W>0 Rrooklvn Rapid Transit 56%
2.95J Colorado Fuel & Iron 38%
C.7T) Continent*! Tobacco 29
720 Continental Tobacco prefd W'4
U.tuA Federal Fteel »ti
i,(O» Federal Steel prefd CSli
125 .Oeneral Electric ..143%
1,000 Glucose Sugar 64',i
T...... Glucose Sugar prefd 98
1,510 International Paper iff
100-International Paper prefd .644
Laclede Gas W4
320 National Biscuit 84%
National Biscuit prefd .'. 89 .
S00 National Lead H¥>
... National Lead prefd 93 -
8.170 National Ft<yl ". 29U
l,0"0 National Steel prefd 84%
300 New York Air Brake 129%
North American 15%
Pacific Coast : 5$
...;... Pacific Coast 1st Drefd .............. 94
...... Pacific Coast 2d prefd 88
1O.8-50 Pacific Mail ........... ......;.......... 88%
8.650 People's Gas 82>,» ¦
NEW TORK, Oct. 20.-FLOUR— Receipt, 27.
218 barrels; exports, 25.188 .barrels; sales, 6400
packages. Market easy and a shade lower to
sell, with demand most>y for spring patents
at the Inside range. Winter patents, $3 70@4;
winter straights, J3 45(33 60; Minnesota patents,
$4 10®4 40; winter extras, $2 65@S; Minnesota
bakers. $3@3 40.
WHEAT— Receipts,- 1S8.950 bushels; exports,
72,129 bushels; sales, 875,000 bushels futures,
40,000 bushels spot. Spot, steady; No. 2 red.
7J»c f.o. b. afloat and 77i4c elevator: No. l)
Northern Duluth. S5c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 87^4c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened rather easy and sold off later,
owing to unsatisfactory cables, prospects for
large world's shipments on Monday and light
epectulatlve BUpport. Subsequently ' they part
ly recovered on talk of rain in the Northwest.
Closed steady at unchanged prices: March -82
©82 7-16C, closed S2%c; May, 81 15-16@S2Hc
closed SJ^c; October closed 77Hc; December
closed 79'/»c
HOPK— Quiet: State common to choice. 100
13c; Pacific Coast. 1899 crop. 10@13c. '
HIDES— Firm;.: California, 21 to 24 pounds,
IS . '^C» ¦¦ ¦. ...-'
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece, 2S627o.
PIGIRON— Dull ; Northern, $14@18 ; Southern
$13 50«15B0.
COPPER»-Qulet; brokers', $16 87H.
'LEAD— Dull; brokers', $4.
TINPLATES-Dull.
. COFFEE— Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 8%; 'mild
quiet; Cordova. SU@14c Futures closed net un
changed. Total sales, 6250 bags, including: Oc
tober, $7®7 05; December, $7 16; : March, . $T 300
7 35: May. $7 40. ¦ ; . .
; SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair '; refining. 4« c -
Centrifugal. 96 test. 4*ic; molasses I sugar 4c'
rettned, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3123 packages; ' firm
creamery. I6@22%c; June creamery, 18©2:c'
factory, 13®16c.
. EOGS— Receipts, 4469 ¦ packages ; ' firm : ¦ West
ern, regular packing at mark, 16@19c; "Western,
loss off. 21o- -¦ .¦ • ¦.¦•¦¦'..-.-:
DRIED FRUITS. . '
A fair amount of activity. was noted In ev»-
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Oct. 20.— The tentative oppo
sition which has been off«r»>d to the upward
course of Trices for two days j>ast by a con
elderafcle btcrish clement of professional
traders was wholly abandoned to-day. Prices
moved upward without important ?¦xeeption and
alcoO without Interruption.- Considering th«
very larce volume cf tire dealings, the move
ment of prices of the majority of stocks was
furpririrgly email. The larger and eager de
mand from outside sources was, in fact, pretty
Ft«-ad!i>- fed by the outside scalpers who were
takin- their profits. But the undertone of flrm
r.cf-s »as shown by the prompt decline In the
oflterings irtwa there was the slightest yielding
In »ric*s. There Tver© a few clocks, also, in
•which there vcre Ftlrrinsr upward movements,
notably in the st«-*-l and iron group. American
Hoop was then leader and was strong from the
outset. Federal iStfel encountered some oppo
ritlon to the advance in the early dealings, but
ultimately became v< ry buoyant Jn tone. The
¦wholtr group caae into the movement under this
leadership anJ advanced from 1 to 3*4, the lat
ter figure lor American Hoop. The feature
•was an er,s*-TiUa! factor In the buoyant tone of
the whole market at the close. Pacific Mail
¦was marked u& - points without any news to
account for the rise. The buying was attri
buted to the hope? cf benefit to the property
J'om tbm {<a*£a«e of a chip subsidy bill at the
closing Kfssion of Congress.
It in evident that the week's receipts of -gold
cam* too late to affect the bank statement, but
win have a resulting larger effect on next
wetSfm Bhowing. Th« mil-werk receipts were
eupplemcnted by Jl.ioo.O.'O in gold, which ar
riv*-d from Hurop* yesterday and to-day, and
by $4.SW.(H(0 in eovertigns. which arrived at San
Francis^o from Ausiralia yesterday.
Thf: Ft-ock market during the vast weejc has
had the benefit of various favorable factors,
part of tbon technical in character and part
of thtm growing out of a substantiallmprove
meni In financial conditions. The most im
portant element is the offering to sell of a
large Interest. Professionals In stocks, who are
greatly prone to historical analogies, found
themselves impressed v.ith the recollection of
¦what happened to the Fto^k market at this time
four years ago. and they argue that the ten
dency to-day to hold bark from business en
raremer.ts until after clr-ction warranted the
«-xp«!C»ation of a decline in prices before elec
tion, tuch as occurred four years ago, but the
eudden turn of circumstances last n.ck toward
the relief of the threatened stringency in the
New Tork money market gave opportunity for
the watchful bull contingent in stocks to af
fect a turn in prices against their opponents,
¦which drove them to cover In a somewhat dis
orderly and hasty manner. The powerful and
well-organized bull party was aided In thus
WASHINGTON.
.TACOMA, Oct. Ml— Wheat quiet and nomi
nally unchanged. Bluestem, 65^©; club, SJtyo,
PORTLAND. .Oct. 20.— The wheat market Is
Inactive, with a few sales of Walla Walla re
ported at '. 63c and ¦ some exporters inclined to
place their limits He lower. Bluestem Is quoted
at 66c and valley for milling purposes at &9@>«0c -
Cleared— Ship Dechmont, with, 100,000 bushels
of wheat; ship Strlus, with 102,710 busheli of
wheat; both for Queenstown. , . .
OREGON.
Northern \ Wheat Market:
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. M.^-Clearings, $303,578;
balances, $34,002. . y...,' : ¦: .¦ .
LONDON. Oct. 20.— Consols, 9S%®98 13-16;
silver. JSfcd; French rentes, 99f 93c; wheat car
goes on passage, buyers indifferent operators;
Valla Walla, 30s; English country markets,
quiet. "
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 20.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California, " 6s 5%d@6s 6d; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, quiet; . French
country -markets, quiet; weather in England,
overcast.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 9-16d.
• . CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red : Western winter
firm,; 6s 1W: No. :1 Northern "spring dull, 6s
4%d; No. 1 California dull 6s 5^d. ; Futures,
steady; December, 6s %d; February. 6s l%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new firm, 4s
B^d. •• Futures, steady; November, v 4s 2d; De
cember, ' 4s l%d; January, 10%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter steady 8s 6d
LONDON. Oct. 20.— A good selection was
offered at the Wool auction sales to-day. The
number of bales offered was 10.001. There was
a fair competition, good greasy wools being at
times active. The offerings for next week num
ber 69.600 bales, making in all 129,000, Includ
ing 5267. new clip.
Foreign Markets.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Oct 20.— The cotton market
closed to-day steady, with prices 3@ll points
higher.
London Wool Market.
The ' imports of dry goods and : merchandise
were valued at JS.313.3S7. Imports' of specie.
$493,720 gold and $33,219 silver.
Imports at New York.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts", 600.
Nominally steady. Good to prime steers. $5 40
<j?5 85; poor to medium, $4 40@5 35; selected
feeders,- $3 75®4 45; mixed stockers, $2 75^3 85
cows. $2 75@4 30; heifers, $2 75@4 75; cannera
I2f 2 65; bulls. 12 75® 4 40; calves, (4@6 25; Texas
fed steers, J4B4 90; Texas grass steers, "f 3 35®
4 10: Texas bulls, $2 75®3 25. . ! .
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 16.000; Monday, 33,
000. estimated; left over. 2000. Average 5c
higher. Top, J5 47%; mixed and butchers',
$4 55®4 87H; good to choice heavy, |4 60@4 85;
rough heavy, $4 45@4 65; light, $4 «@4 85; bulk
of sale?, (4 63® 4 75. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 85@4 10;
fair to choice mixed, $3 4Q@3 90; Western sheep.
$3 75©4 10; Texas sheep. $2 SOS'S 50; native
lambs, H 25@5 65; Western lambs, H 75@5 50.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 20.-The Earl Fruit
Company sold California; fruit at auction to
day and realfzed the following prices; Grapes
— Cornlchon, single crates, average $1 40; Em
peror, single crates, fl 35@1 40, average fl 26;
Muscat, single crates, average $4; Tokay, sin
gle crates, $1 65©2 06, average $1 82. One car
sold to-day. "Weather hot. '.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Cali
fornia fruit sold at auction to-day: Pears—
Etrly Buerre, boxes. <i 10@l 33, average (1 20;
P. Barry, boxes, $1 40©l 70. average $1 46; Win
ter Nellls. half boxes. $1 8OS2. average $1 90.
Prunes — Italian, single crates, SO© 65c. average
62c. Weather hot. Eight cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO. Oct. 20.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's salta of California fruit at auction to
day were as follows: Grapes — Muscats, single
crtites, tl 15@1 45, average $1 33. Pears— Nells,
boxes, 51 0501 40, average II 33; Vicar, boxe«.
average $1 44. Plums — Coe'e Late lied, single
crates, Jl lOffl 15. average |1 14. Prunes—Ital
ians, single crates, SSjJ^Oc, average 37c. Weath
er hot Five cars sold to-day.
POSTON. Oct. 20.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Prunes— Italians, single
crates, 4D960c, average 51c; Silver, single crates,
60&!)5c, average 73c. One car sold to-day.
Weather hot.
Chicago Livestock Market.:
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb.
Opening 6 H 6 l»i
Closing 6H 61%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-April.
Opening ....19 73 2100
Closing 19 70 20 70
Flour-
Opening ....:...... 25 25 26. ?0
Closing 25 20 ' 26 75
* 11 , _*
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances show: Available cash
balance, $134,790,242; gold, $85,794,308.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK, Oct. 20.— Exports of gold and
silver from this port to all countries for this
week aggregate $2,243,691 silver bars and coin
and $140,280 cold.
Exports of Specie.
Canadian Pacific, 90V* : Union Pacific pre
ferred, 77%; Northern Pacific preferred, 74V4:
Grand Trunk, 6?»; Anaconda, 9%; bar silver,
Etrcng, 29%d per ounce; money, l<i per cent.
Silver was strong on the short settlement, the
Russo-China and general speculative demands.
Money was scarce.
The American department was especially
active. Professional speculators were heavy
buyers, bat many dealers waited to-day for the
first time in many months for the opening in
V/all street. Berlin bought Northern Pacific
shares in spite of the overnight selling orders
from New York.
Business on the Stock Exchange to-day was
much brisker than It Is usually on Saturday.
The close was strong on the official announce
ment of the Anglo-German agreement to main
tain in China the open door without partition.
Hut the weakness of New York exchange
checked the advance of British consols.
NEW TORK. Oct. 20.— The Commercial 'Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 20.— The Financier says:
Th» statement of the New York associated
banks for the week ending October 20, taking
everything into consideration, was of a favor
able character. The clearing Institutions, de
; epite the drain of J5.305.200 cash from their
already depleted holdings, managed to min
imize the effect of the reduction by a radleal
contraction in loans, which operated to re
duce deposits and therefore released the per
centage of cash heretofore locked up as re
serve. In brief the -present volume of deposits
calls for nearly $3,800,000 less cash reserve than
at the clofe of the previous week and as the
actual cash outgo was, as stated, $5,305,200,
the surplus was reduced only $1,516,225, leav
ing the excess still held above the legal re
quirements t2.947.7OO. It is usually calculated
that all the banks are required to ntalntain
2*> per cent of their deposits in cash. This is
true In the case of the national banks, but
there are in the Clearing-house Association
eighteen State banks, which aj-e legally not
compelled to do so, although they usually at
tempt to keep the higher percentage. As a.
matter of fact the power of the banks to loan
money Is greater than the excess reserve totals
indicate. The outlook, however, does not favor
the possibility of the banks having to resort
¦ to their extra legal powers. The demand for
! currency from the South has abated largely
; and receipts of specie, both from Europe and
; the Pacific Coast, will foot up nearly ten mil
; lions before the end of next week. In ad-
I dltion to this the treasury is losing money
! to the banks, so that their gains will be much
; abo\-e the outgo. At the same time it cannot
1 be said that rates on loans will respond in-
Etantly to these factors. The concentration of
ten millions In loans In the face of an active
stock market is unnatural and is not to b«
looked for as a regular feature. The near ap
proach of the flection does nqt seem to be
changing the policy cf the banks in any re
spect. The decrease of sixty-one millions in de
poelts since the middle of September is to ba
ascribed solely to crop season operations. Cir
culation is still expanding and is now well
above all previous records, standing at about
t3O,500,000.
Associated Banks' Statement.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 16@22c: dairy, 13®
ISc. Cheese, nrm; 10tt®13ttc. ¦ Eggs, firm;
fresh. 17&22O. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 22.000 21,000
Wheat, bushels ~ 232.000 . 232,000
Corn, bushels 379.0CO 464,000
Oats, bushels 272.000 227.000
Rye. bushels 15.C00 . 2.000
Barley, bushels 127.000 26,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet. Winter— Patents, $3 80@4; straights. U 20
©3 70: clears, T3@4. Spring— Special. $4 £0;
patents, $3 5O®4; straights, $3 10® 3 50; bakers',
12 30@2 60. No. 3 spring wheat, 67%®75c; No.
2 red. 73H@754c; No. 2 corn. 40V4c; No. 2 yel
low. 40%c; No. 2 oats, 219i@22c; No. 2 white.
24>i@24^c; No. 3 white, 23S24%c; No. 2 rye,
49^c: "fair to choice malting barley, ' 4Ss@53c;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 86; Xo. 1 Northwestern, $1 »C;
prime timothy seed, J4 25®4 30; mess pork, per
barrel. $11 E0; lard, per 100 lbs, J6 97»,4@7; short
ribs tsldes (loose), $6 S5<37 05; dry salted should
ers (boxed), 6V;©6'/ic: short clear sides (boxed),
f6 9:/fl7 OS; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27;
clover, contract grade. $10010 23.
PXDRECAST.
Geaemllr dcrody a=d threatening weather
prevails ever the northern portion of the Pa
cif.e elope, and clear over the southern. Light
rain fell <iurir.g the day In Southern California
and Northern Arizona. It is now raining In
TS"aEhir.£tcn and Oregon.
lixa pressure hat risen over the Pacific slope
f r-d fallen ia the Uissouri Valley.
The temperature has remained nearly Bta
tloaary ever the Pacific elope and fallen over
the Roclcy Mountain and plateau regions.
Condition* are favorable for fair and warm
weather In California Eunday.
F"or«c&J«t made at San Francisco for thirty
Sioun ends* midnight October 21:
Northern Caltfcraia— Fair, warmer Sunday;
light northerly wind.
. ficuthern Caiiforr.la— Fair, warmer Sunday;
light northerly wld.
Kevada — Fair, warmer f?unday.
. Utah — Ts.It, warmer Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
Ean Francisco and vicinity— Fair, warmer
Eunday: light northwest wind.
O. H. WILL6O.V, Local Forecast Official.
SAX FRANCISCO,. Oct. 20— S p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported frcra stations in California to-day:
Eureka €- 'Independence TO
Mt Tarr.alpai« I" Sacramento 70
Ijo? Armeies 76 San Luis Oblspo 74
Red Bluff *S Han Diego €8
Kresno TO
Ean Francisco Catat Maximum temperature,
€€; mlalsiucs, ES; mean, GO.
WEATHEa CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
Weather Report.
firth Meriaian— Pacific Time.)
Sla'l advices from New Tork eay:
"Trade shows a tittle lrcproversent lat« In
the week &rA a fair amount cf business In
dates. Bet and currants was reported Saturday.
Jobbers art taking currants ir.ore freely. Sale
of a round lot of fancy currants, ex James
Turple, v.zs reported at 13%c, and £00 cases
Fpot poods were reported sold to the Jobbing
tra.de at full prices. Valencia layer raisins on
spot are light In supply, but In Quite good de
rcand. Btisiness cf fair eize was reported at
lie. SaJ<* of a. considerable quantity of Malaga
layers vas re;K>rted at tl S0g2. California
raisins tvere very stroas end tnasy dealers
ccnf.der.tly expected an immediate advance on
loo«e. CaJK^rnia layers axe in quite rood re
qu'ft et tl £5*11 €5. . j
•¦Trade ia iiaJlow-i dates chows wiy pood
activity, but Khatirairi S-nd SaJr are quiet, i
£&!*? Saturday Included 1C00 b< xes of Hallow!
tt SHe. Eotr.e business Is being done In new
Smyrna fips. in boies. ax pricts ranging from
10"— '3 13c Malaga figs are in fair demand at
4 V 2C. Prunes on spot are going out to the,
trade in small lets, demand for 4»-aO8, lnt
bcxes, at 7 ! ic. Ehowisg a little Improvement.
JCuts are felling only in a Email way, demand
beinj? chieSy for Tarragona end Ivica almonds
e.r.6 Ura-zll nuts."
Dried Fruit in New York.
Irr.ports of rpecle at this port during the
first nine mor.tlis of the year were $15.553. COO, .
fcti-.ir.5t 114.441,000 during the eame period in
1S2S. the leading sources being as follows:
Mexico. $2,225,000: Australia, $S.57:.OOO; Japan.
S4.240.E70. The descriptions were &e follows:
Gold bullion. J225.SS7; Gold coin. 113.1S5.132;
silver bullion, fl.en.470; silver coir, S507.S37;
treasury notes, t^.KZ. .
Imports of Specie.
Grain Inspector Louis Steller has completed
Vb» gracing of this year's crop. Standards
rca as follows: Choice mlUirg wheat. 60 lbs;
No. X milling wheat, 81 lbs; No. 1 white wheat.
60 lbs; No. 1 chevalier barter. 62 lbs; No. 1
brewing barley. «6 lbs: No. 1 feed barley
(bright), £i lbs; No. 1 feed barley (darkj, 41 lbs.
Wheat and Barley Standards.
Local bank clearings last week were $28,706,-
EBO, BgsJcat t2G,<97.462 for the same week last
year.
Bank Clearings.
Articles— . Open. ¦ High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2- . .
October 73% 73% 72% 73%
November 73% 74 73H 74
December 74V4 74% 74 U%
Corn No. 2 —
May '¦36 I > B . 36%. 36% 36%
October 40 40 39% Zb%
November 37% 3774 37% 37*4
December 35% 35% 35% 35%
Oats No. 2— •
October 21',4 21% 2*% 21%
November 21% 21T4 21% 21%
December 22 22% 22 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 14 00
November ¦ .... 11 12%
January 11 40 11 45 11 40 11 40
Lard, i>er 100 lbs—
October 7 00
November 6 95 7 00 « 95 6 97%
January- 6 65 6 70 6 65 6 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 .lbs—
October ...7 00 7 05 7 00 7 06
November 6 30 6 40 6 30 6 40
January 6 02% 6 05 6 07% 6 05
Bank exchanges show a good gain for the week.
Silver higher again. Exchange as before.
Fair business on tlie stock exchanges.
' Wheat futures higher and more active.
Barley continues neglected and nominal.
Oats in active demand and firm. Corn and Rye easy.
Sone damage reported to Beans by the rain.
Free receipts of Flaxseed from Washington.
Bran shows signs of weakness. Hay rules steady.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged. Tomatoes still higher.
Butter very weak and in large supply. Cheese steady.
Market practically bare of fine ranch Eggs.
Considerable Poultry left on hand at the dose.
Good Game higher and off stock dumped.
Fresh arrivals of Mexican Limes.
Good Grapes firm and in demand for shipment.
California Chestnuts lozcer.
No further change in Provisions.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Hogs weak at the decline.
Local imports of specie show an increase.
3C1.900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS..
U S 2s ref, when L & N unl 4s...... 98H
Issued 104 NYC lsts 108%
Do coupon: 104 N" J C gen 5s 123v!
U 8 3s reg 1OS\ N Pacific 3s (6%
Do 3s coup 1091/s Do 4s 103%
Do new 4s reg...l33Vi!N Y C & St L 4s. .106
Do new 4s coup..l34H N & W con 4s..... 97Vi
Do old 4s reg 114\iOr Nav lats ....109
Do old 4s coup.. .114% Do 4s 103%
I*> 6s reg 112 Or Short Line 6s. .127
Do 6s coupon.... H3Vi Do. con 6s 113%
Dlst of Col 8.65s. ..12S Reading gen 4s.... 88%
Atchlson gen 4s... 100 R G W lsts 9SU
Do adj 4s 87U St L & I M oon 5s.U0
Canada So 2ds 106Va!St L <£: S F gen 6s. 122%
Ches & O 4Vis...... 99% St Paul cons 170H
Do Js 120 St P C & P lsts...H8V»
Chi & N con 7s 139% Do 5s 119V4
Do S F deb 5s. ..120 .S Pacific 4s 80«4
Chicago Term 4s... 92 S Railway 5s 109H
Colorado So 4s 81% Stand R & T 6s... 68%
D & R G lsts 103 Tex & Pac lsts. ...114
Do 4s 99 Do 2ds 70
Erie gen 4s 70%}U Pacific 4s 106%
F W & D C lsts... 74 Iwabash lsts 118
Gen Elec 5s..". 120 Do 2ds 103
Iowa Cent lsts 113% West Shore 4s 113
M K & T 2ds 67% Wlscon Cent lsts. S6%
Do 4s 92V» Va Centuries 90%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 30%
Call loans 3®4Vi Union Pacific 61H
Time loans 5@6 Union Land 1H
Stocks— Wis Cent 13%
A T & St Fe 30% Bonds-
Do prefd 73% Atchison 4s 99%
Amer Sugar 121 Mining Shares —
Do prefd 116 Adventure 4%
Bell Tel 144% Allouez Mln Co 2H
Boston Si Albany.. 247 Amal Copper 92%
Boston L 152 Atlantic 24%
Boston & Maine... 188 Boston & Mont... 337
Chi Bur & Q 12S14 Butte & Boston 67%
Dominion Coal 3SVa j Calumet & Hecla.770
Do prefd 113 (Centennial 18
Federal Steel 39%iFranklln 15%
Do prefd 6S>4|Humboldt 25
Fitchburg prefd. ...133 Osceola ; 63
Gen Electric 141 iParrott 43
Do prefd 140 Quincy 151
Ed Elec 111 212 Santa Fe Copper.*. 7'
Mexican Central .. 12 Tamarack 258
Michigan Tel 83 (Utah Mining 33%
N E Gas & Coke.. 13 1 Winona 3%
Old Dominion 22% Wolverines 42%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20jOntarlo 6 00
-rown Point 12 Ophir 82
Con Cal & Va.,.. 1 55|Plymouth 11
Deadwood 50^ Quicksilver 123
Gould & Curry .... 77 Do prefd 6 00
HaJe & Norcross.. 35 Sierra Nevada .... 40
Hoznestake 55 O0 Standard 3 50
Iron Silver 701 Union Con 21
Mexican 40iYellow Jacket .... 17
2.115 Pressed Steel Car 40%
125 Pressed Steel Car prefd 79
Pullman Palace Car 188
¦¦".•^ Standard Ropo & Twine 64
8,000 Sugar . ...121
100 Sugar prefd '..'.'..'. U6V4
? ™ Tennessee Coal & Iron 68%
3.700 United States Leather U%
,S5 United States Leather prefd 71%
1,000 United States Rubber „. 31
600 United States Rubber prefd 93V4
612 Western Union ..........;...... 79*4
1 '2H Re P"bllc Iron & Steel Co 12ft
600 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 54
P C C & St Louis 65
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Oct. 20.— Aside from one or two
moderate spurts of activity," wheat was a q'llet
market throughout the curtailed Saturday ses
sion. Aside from rather heavy Belling by a
prominent buyer yesterday, the market was
without feature. Offerings were absorbed by
the local crowd. Sellers were Influenced by
lower cables, while the buying has Its motive
In "- the changeable weather in the
Southwest, a better, general demand for flour
at Indianapolis and a report asserting that
three-fourths of the North Dakota crop had
already been marketed and that the crop this
season was "practically no good." December
opened %c lower at 74%c to 74%@74%e and sold
to 74c the first hour. Then the market grad
ually worked up to 74%@74%c and closed firm.
Vic higher at 74<4c.
Com was moderately active and firm. De
cember closed Vic up to 85%c. -
Oats were quiet but firm. December closed
Vic higher at 22Hc. • • • .
Provisions were quiet but firm. Hog receipts
were light and prices at the yards higher. The
cash demand was fair but not quite as active
as it has been recently. Packers, however,
were buyers of lard and ribs -for future deliv
ery. That hog receipts • were orAy 8000 under
those of the week previous, although prices
have clipped 60c, la considerable of a bear
tinge in the provisions pit. January pork
closed unchanged, lard 2Vic higher and ribs
closed 2V4c uu.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
* . FRUITB —'Prunes, ' Santa • Oaras, 4 sizes. -3c:
'40-60S, 7C ; 60-608, : 5Hc ; : 6O-7Os. ; 8%c ; < 70-SOs, % IHc :
Su-SOs.' 2!lc; 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100a' and over, Jc; ru
bies, 1 %c premium ; Bonomas. I %c and Kan Joa
qulns %c 1 leas than Santa. Claras, except 100s
and over,* which stand the same. Apricots, (A
•o ? tor Royals t and 10©llH« toe - Moorpexksi
' A pronounced decline In California Chestnuts
is noted": Otherwise; there is nothing new and
th« market, is 5 dull." }''¦'• .-¦-'• ¦ : '¦"'.'-,
GRAPES— Muscats. Tokays. . black and other
ordinary varieties. 20i«33c per small box and
40@65c per crate: Isabellas. In' crates, 63c^$l;
Cornichons, < in crates. 5OrS65c ; Wine Grapes.
$20«J22 for white. $21@24 for Mission and- 22®
26 per ton f or ¦ ZlnfandeL ¦ \
MELONS— Nutmegs. z5075c per case; Canta
loupes, 60c@U 25 per crate; Watermelons, S5@li
« CITRUS " FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $484 60;
Lemons, SOc0$l 50 for common and $2©3 for
good to choice : Mexican - Limes. $4Q4 66; Ba
nanas. $103 U : Per bunch; ; Pineapples,- $1 30$
8 60 per doien. . -
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
PLUMS— 20%40c per box.
APPLES— 25(ff 60c per box for common and
60® 9Oc for good to choice: Spltzenbergs, tOcdfl.
PEARS — Winter Nellis. «Oc©$l; Cooking
pp«rv ?F*»«!>p n#r box..
. QTJINCES— iht 63c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 401075c per box.
FIGS— 50c@$l 50 per box.
CRANBl£nrak.S— Cape Cod, SS 50-35 75; Cooa
Bny t2«M ?S T»»>r *"X. ¦ : /
STRAWBERRIES— $3 50@4 per chest for large
and S6@8 for Email berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 4(g7o per pound.
R^Sl'Ht''KI(IKS-«i{?4 por onesi.
POMEGRANATES— *0©75c per small box.
DKOlDUOUb FRUITS-
Figs that arrived on time sold up to 11 50
per box. but late arrivals went an low as 50c
The market is still heavily supplied with Ap
ples.
The Panama steamer brought up 659 .boxes
Mexican Limes.
Good shipping Grapes in crates brought 85c.
resrardless of variety. Wine Grapes were in
light supply and firm. - -V; ; !
Butter continues very weak, and & further
decline Is expected." At the same time more
or less fine creamery la selling at the top quo
tation. .
The week closed on a bare Egg market, as
far as ranch Eggs were concerned, and dealers
could have got almost anything they chose to
ask.
BUTTER— .
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 26@27c; Seconds
25c. -- '-' ' ::> .
Dairy— Fancy. 24c; good to choice, 22@23c;
common, 20®21c.
Creamery tub— 20!^:2V4c per lb.
1'lckliHl roll — ]9t?Zlc.
Firkin— 18©19c.
Storage goods — 22H(g24c.
CHEESE— New. ll@HHc; old. 10c; Young
America, 11012c;- Eastern, 13H®14c; Western,
10©12r per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 22H@25c for etore and S5@
40c per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 18@26c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter, Ch eese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25@1 50 for Valley and $2 25
for Mountain; Mallard, $4 60@7: Canvasback
S41?6 SO; Sprig, $2@4 50; Teal, $3 50<g4: Widgeon
$2 254?2 50; Small Duck. $1 75®2; Gray Geese
$3@3 50: White Geese, $1@1 25; Brant. $1 50@2
for small and $2@2 50 for large; English Snipe,
|l ; Jack Snipe, 75c@$l; Hare, si 25; Rabbits.
$1 60 for cottontail and II for brush; Doves, 50
®60c per dozen. .
Good game was higher, as usual on Satur
day, but there was considerable spoiled stock
dumped or seized by the health authorities.
POULT***— L,ive Turkeys. Ufiitfe lor vtoobiers
and 14<C16c for Hens; old Turkeys, H©lZHe;
Geese, per pair, SI 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 50@l 75;
Ducks, MtfM <or old and S3 5004 50 for young:
Hens, $3 50@5; Young Roosters, }3 50(54; Old
Koosteis, $4 6o€4; Fryers . $303 60; Broilers. $3
3 60 for large and S2©2 50 for small ; Pigeons.
$191 25 i per dozen for old and $1 5001 75 for
Squabs. -_•- • • - . .
There was plenty of Poultry on hand at the
close and the market was weak and depressed.
Poultry and. Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2@4c per lb;
String Beans, 2@4c; Llmas, Z@3c pv lb; Cab
bage, $1; Tomatoes, Bay, 50c@$l; Egg Plant
25@50c per box; Green Okra, 40@50c; Green
Peppers, S5@50c per box for Chili and 40@50c
for Bell: Dried Peppers. lOiglV: Carrots. 25@35c
per sack: Summer Squash. 5O@85c for Alameda:
Cucumbers, 4*g50c for A'lameda; Pickles, $1 25
per box for No. 1 and 65c for No. 2; Uarllc,
4©4Ho per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $8@10 per ton.
POTATOES— HuroanKs. au^itiOc for Rivers and
S5c(£)$l 10 per ctl for Salinas andv «5«*)c for
Oregon; Sweets, SO® 75c for Rivers and $1 for
Merced.
ONIONS-€0@73c per ctl; Pickle Onions. 35®
60c.
Tcmatoes were scarcer and higher, and some
fancy. lots brought as high as $1 25. Late con
signments had to be worked off at less figures.
String Beans also did better. Potatoes and
Onions stood about the same. '
BEANS-Bayos, $2 io@2 25; Small White. |3 SO
«S3 60; Large White. 12 50@2 60: Pink, W32 10-
Red. t2 50@3; Blackeye. $2 75@2 S5; Lima. $5 20
©6 30; Pea? $3 75@4: Red Kidneys, $2 75@3.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25@2 40; Canary,
34c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2V4®3c: Hemp, 40414c*
Timothy, 4@4^c.
DH1EU i-JSAS— Nlles, $1 50®2; Green, $1 80®
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 5091 7S.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Arrivals of S843 sks Flaxseed from Washlns
ton.
Beans rule firm, with reported damage to
unthrashed crops around Stockton by rain.
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, S15@16 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. S25@26; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S; Corn Meal, $26®
27; Cracked Corn. *2S 50937 SO; Mixed Feed. $15
€16. .
HAT— Volunteer, $508; Wheat, 111©13 50;
Wheat and Oat. |10®13 50; Oat. 19@u 50; Clover.
$5@7: Alfalfa. $6 5098 60; Barley, $7@8 per ton.
STRAW— 35@43o per bale.
Bran is at last showing Indications of
ness, thoush there Is no decline. -Hay rules
steady and unchanged. ' '-."* f _
BRAN— S1&P17 cO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— X17@21 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff 's\
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as t fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3 75; Rye
Meal. $2 SC; Rice Flour. 87; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
ing, 13 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour. J4ST4 25;
Cracked Wheat. S3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, S3 25;, Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; In sacks, $5 7607; Pearl Barley, 1J5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, 85 60 per 100 lbs. •
FLOUR— California Family Extras, J3 «O0
3 76; usual terms; Bakers' Extras,' |3 49@3 60;
Oregon and Washington, $2 73@3 10 per bbl for
family ' and {8 15$3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
$4 75®5 76 per bbl. . : . -
Flour and Millstuffs.
¦ WHEAT— The markets all over the world
were quiet and featureless. Paris futures were
lower.
* Chicago was firmer but, dull. The weather
was fine, but there were expectations of raln&
in the Northwest. Increased visible supply and
smaller, world's shipments' were expected for
Monday, ¦ : .
Local futures were higher, with Increased ac
tivity. Spot quotations were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; Milling, 97%c©
$1 i>er ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, , 97ftc; 4000, 9714c; 6000. 97%c. May—
2000. $1 04\i; 4000. H 04H-
Second Seeslon— December— 2000 ctls. 97?4e;
8000, 98c; 2000, 9S^C; 600O, 98%c; 4000,-98^ic May—
2000. .« 04%; 4000, - ft 05: 4000, 1105ft; 10.000.
81 05%; 12,000. 11054; 8000, 11 03%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
SI 05%; 6000. $1 05%.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and
featureless at quotations which have ruled for
some days/
Feed. > 71K@72%c for choice bright, 6S%@70c
for No. 1 and G2V4@67}4c for off grades: Brew
ing and Shipping grades, 75@80c; . Chevalier,
nominal. • ¦ ¦' .- ¦¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
OATS— The market Is as stiff as ever, and
large sales are reported at full figures.
White. Jl 35@1 50; Surprise, Jl 45@1 55; Red,
$1 15(31 25 for feed and $1 25(91 40 for seed; Gray,
$1 25(31 35; Black, for feed, $1 U^iQl 20; for
seed. »1 22V4@1 32tf per ctl.
CORN— There is nothing new toTeport in this
market. Eastern yellow and white are quoted
at $1 22Vs and Eastern mixed at $1 20 per ctl.
RYE— Steady and quiet at 90c per ctl.
HUCKWhbAT- Nominal.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — *4 82H
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — 4 |5Vi
Sterling Cables ...:..... — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight...... — W_
New York Exchange, telegraphic — '«%
Fine Silver, per ounce.. — A *}»
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...BOH 9 51
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
WASHINGTON,
Flour, qr sks 4. 100 ¦ Flaxseed. sks.... 5,843
Oat3. ctls 4.5CO Wool, bales 81
Bran, sks 5.0001
Flour, qr sks 11,200 Hops, bales 134
Wheat, ctls 130,512 Straw, tons 35
Barley, ctls 16.9S0!Hay. tons 313
Oats, ctls S30:Leather. rolls 101
Corn, East, ctls.. 500! Wine, gals 40,700
Cheese, ctls 29; Eggs, doz 7,060
Butter, ctls 124|Pelts ( bdls 45
Beans, sks 4,372 1 Raisins, bxs 4,540
Potatoes, sks 8. 0&5 Quicksilver, flsks 95
Onions, sks 500,Hides, No 254
Bran, sks 2.D4> Lime, bbls... 273
Middlings, sks... l,330>Sugar. bbls 200
Wool, bales. t ..... 24ISusar. sks 800
FOR SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20.
Receipts of Produce.
SALMON — Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska red. $1 20; medium do, $1 10; pin*. 95c:
Columbia River, Chinook, $1 70 for tails and
$1 85 for flats: barreled Salmon, $10 for Alaska
barrels and S3 30 for half-barrels.
Crushed, 6.C5c; Powdered, 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.25c; Dry Granulated. 6.15c: Confec
tioners' A, 6.15c; Magnolia A. 5.75c; Extra C,
5 65c; Golden C. 5.55c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 5C-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rel*. 6.90c: boxes, 7.15c per lb.
RICE— China mixed. M 25®4 30; No. 1. Si 70®
4 85; extra. }5@5 50; Japanese. $4 9505 50; Louis
iana, ${^7; Hawaiian, $4 75 per ctl. -
SUGAxt— The Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfield Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos Bay.
$5 SO; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Wallsend. |9;
Cumberland. 112 in -bulk and J13 25 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 114: Cannel. H2
per ton; Coke, 115 per ton in bulk and US In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 43 per
2000 1N« ard IS 50 per ton. nccorrtlne to br»»nrt.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July, 6H©6*ic; Wool
Bags. 2SV4g32«£e: Fleece Twine, 7%c; Fruit
Bags, 6%@6%o for . white and 8U@S?ic for
bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small, 5Ho for
medium and 5%c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 5c; dressed Hogs. 705c.
LAMB— S@SHc per lb.
¦ Hogs are weak at the decline. Other de
scriptions are unchanged.
BEEF— €g6Hc for Steers and 5@5Hc per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 708c; small. 8>4@9e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7^7V»c; ewes. 6H®7c per
pound.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. lS^e for light.
14c for extra light and 15*$c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured hams. 12c; Mess Beef,
$12 EO per bbl: extra Mess, $13 50; Family. Ill;
extra Prime Pork. 116: extra clear, J19 50; Mess.
117: Smcked Beef. 13c per lb. -
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6^»o per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
$%c: 10-lb tins. 10*c: 5-lb tins. lOftc
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel, 8%e: three
half barrels, 8V4c; one tierce, S^jc; two tierces,
Shkc; live tierces, sHc per lb. "
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Prices . for all descriptions under j this head
remain as before.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under ' quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9@9V4"c: medium, 8V4c; light,; 8c: Cow
hides, 8c: 'Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. Sc: Salted
Veal. 8c; Salted Calf. 8c: Dry Hides, 13-glaHc:
culls, 12@13c; Dry Kip, 15e: Dry Calf. 15£16c;
culls and brands, ,12®13c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings. 15g25c each: short Wool, !O@40c each;
medium. 60@70c: long Wool, 75c@Jl each: Korse
Hides, -alt. S2@2 25 for large. $1 75 for medium,
tl for small and BOc for colts; Hcrse Hides,
dry, $1 60 for large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for
small and 25@50c for celts. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins, S5c: fall or medium skins, 30c;
winter or thin skins, 17H820c. Goatskins—
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. EOc;
medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4Uc per lb: No.
2, 3fi3Hc; grease, 202Hc.
WOOL— Spring dip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15©16c; Northern, defective. 12©
14c; Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll#12c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9311c: Hamboldt and Mendocino 18
(glic: Nevada. 13©16 per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. «H68c: do Lambs', 8
©9c: Middle County. 3«llc per lb.
HOPS— 11814c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HONEY— Comb, 13H®14He for bright and UV,
@13c for light amber: water white, extracted
7%@8c;. light amber, extracted, 7©74c; dark, 6
@Cttc per lb.
BEESWAX-24©26c per lb.
Provisions:
NUTS— Chestnuts, "ffSc per lh; Walnuts
No. 1 softshsll. lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1. hardaoeu
10c; No. J. 7%c; Almonds. 15® 16c for paper
shell. ll®124c for softshell: Peanuts. 6@Sc for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ISc: Filberts, lie; Pecans
ll<g 13c: Cocoanuts. $3 50^5. -
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season ot 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard. S%c; prime.' 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, lOttc per lb; choice, 9%c: standard. Mic:
prime 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless
GO-lb baxe*. SHc; 2-crown loose Muscatels 6c;
8-crown. 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crewn, |1 M per box; 8-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, II; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial, |3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California. -
Evaporated Apple*. 4HO5Hc; sun-dried. SM9*a:
Peaches. 4H©5c for standard. 5H©«c for choice
and 7©8c tor fancy; Pears. 207c; Plums, pitted.
$e«ttc; unpltted. lglHe: Nectarines. i©54e for
red and 5H«6c for white.
Philomena M. Schmltt to Jacob Schmitt. re
record 18S0 d. 489, lot on W line of Bartlett
street, 12fcN of Twenty-third. N 40 by W 13;
$10.
William E. and Eliza J. 'White to George W.
Elder, re-reeord 184J d. 138, lot en W line of
Guerrero street, 64 H of Liberty^ N 30 by W
100; ?10.
I. C: Scharff to Agnes J. K. Flnlay. lot on W
line of Belcher street. 10O N of Fourteenth. ?f
25 by W 125: 110.
Estate of David Stern (by O. H. Davis, ad
ministrator) to Selina Stern, lot on NE corner
of Seventeenth and Noe streets, N 91 :« by B
30; also lot on NE corner of Seventeenth and
Prosper streets, N 91:8 by E 23; also property
outside of county: {5250.
Myrtle E. McRice to Grace M. Anderson, lot
on W line of Ashbury street, 153:9 S of Waller,
S 57:6 by W 136:3; gift.
Charles J. Anderson to same (wife), same;
gift.
Kate Hoeber to Eugene G. I* Hoeber. lot on
N line of Golden Gate avenue. TS E of Lott
street. N ICO by E 25: $10.
John M. Weir et al. to W. B. Waldron. lot
on N line of Pine street. 19«:KH» W of Pierce,
W 26:6%, N B7:«, E 61:6%. S 25:8. W 25. 8 112;
I50TS.
Elnor E. Horton to Isabella M. Remains
(wife of William), lot on E line of Cough
street,. 120 S of Ellis. S 17:6 by E 34:4H: UO.
Same to same, lot on SB corner of Ellis and
Goueh streets. E 34:4>4 by S 120: ftO.
August and Julia Frlzzt to Martin H. and
Henrietta Bowman, lot on B line of Polk street.
75:8 N of Union. N 24:4 by E 100; 110.
SATURDAY. Oct. 20—13m.
Bid. Ask., ¦ Bid. As*.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 05 O«
Alta 03 04jKentuek 02 04
Andes 09 10 LodyWash .... — 03
Belcher 18 MJMexlcan 43 46
Best & Belcher 84 35! Occidental ..... 09 11
Bullion 03 CS'Ophlr 9S 9-4
Caledonia. 40 42;Overman 10 It
Chollar 23 24 Potosi 20 21
Challenge Con. 19 21 Savage 13 34
Confidence 7$ 81 j Scorpion Ot —
Con Cal & Va..l 23 1 30!Seg Belcher.... 03 03
Con Imperial... 01 021 Sierra Nevada. 33 34
Con New York. 01 —I Silver Hill 35 37
Eureka Con..;.. — 43 St Louis — 13
Crown Point.... 14 lSlStandard. 3 59 —
Exenequer 01 02 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 83 8Ji Union Con 27 23
Hale & Nor.... 37 33 Utah 13 1*
Julia 02 04 Tellow Jacket.. 20 31
REAL ESTATE 'TRANSACTIONS.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Mornln; Session.
2M Alta .'. C3: 300 Mixlcaa 45
250 Alta 021 300 Orhir 89
500 Bullion .~ • 041 200 Ophir 9J
400 Chollar 24 30O Potosl 21
200 C C * Va....l 27U 2fO Savage *t
5f»J Crown Point.... IS 600 Seg Belcher.... 03
250 Exchequer 02 J «00 Silver Hill S*
250 Exchequer 01' 400 Union Con 17
400 Gould A Curry. 83 400 Utah 12H
300 Mexican 46 400 Yellow Jacket.. 71
The following were the sales In the PaciSa
Stock Exchange yesterday:
600 Alpha 05] SCO Hale & Nor.... 17
SCO Alta 02 ! 500 Julia Cl
200 Andes C9' 100 Mexican 43
ICO Chollar 23 1 SCO Ophir *>
100 Chollar 2V 40O Overman U
IPO Gould & Curry. 841 200 Savage 33
ICO Gould & Curry. 83 i 100 Union Con 2S
200 Hale^ & Nor.... 33 1
Morning Session.
The following were the sales la the Saa Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MIXING STOCKS.
80 S F Gas & Electric Co, s W M 25
2W S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 SO <XJ
20 Spring Valley .Water 9J 73
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage) 102 CO
PRODUCERS* Oil. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
500 Home Oil « »
1000 Independence 13
400 Petroleum Center* V
150 Sterling O-& I> Co 3 TS
10O Twenty-eight ....* 2 05
WG Twenty-eight ..... • W
4<X> Yukon ~.. 55
Street—
100 Sterling O & D Co » 15
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,* OCTOBER 21,1 I960.
porated apples with ' the undertone holding
steady at unchanged prices. State common was
quoted. from 4 to 6c; prime, 4%@5V4c; choice.
5V£!?6c; fancy. 6@$%e.' '.'¦" :¦:¦"¦¦ * .-.
California dried fruit were ¦ Inactive. , . Prunes
were quoted from 3& to 8V4- per lb as to size
and quality. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦'. ' ' ¦ — ¦¦
APRICOTS — Royal, ll@14c; Moorpark. 15<S16c.
PEACHES — Peeled, 16®20c; unpeeled, frg9c. ,
Chicago. Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
THE STOCK MARKET.
31
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SATURDAY. Oct. 20—12 m.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOrIjTsT NAYM ARD and VALLEJO
Steamer " Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at t:4S
a. rn., 3:15. 8:J0 p. m. (ex. Thurs, nisrht); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Teleshone Main 1508.
FARS ..,..- , JO*
C0X?A(J5IS GENERAL? TRAW3ATLA5T1QTJ1.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. JTMt »
Sailing every Thursday. Instead oJ^m
Saturday, from Novc-moer 2. 1W. at«»tfe*S
10 a m from Pier 43. North River, foot oC
Morton street. LA BRETAGNE. Oct. 25; LA
TOI-RA.1NE. Nov. 1; L-AQUITAINE. Nov. 1
First class to Havre. J55 and upward. Second
rhi*s to Havre. J42 50 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA S3 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Yoik" J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
0CEAXIC S. S. CO.— HONOLITLTJ, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
ES ALAMEDA for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. October 31. • p. nv
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti. .....:
Thursday. November l, I p. a
SS ZEALVNDLA. (Honolulu only)
.... V?.~... Wednesday. November 10. 2 B. m.
J. D. SPKECKEtS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight OMce. 327 Mart* St
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Kensington Oct. 24IS«uthwark Kar. M
NooVdllnd Oct. 31 Westernland ...Not. n
Frleslend ......Nov. TJKensington Njt. 23
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of its agents.
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwaro.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Lowls Oct. 141 St. Louis ...'Sor.U
NewYork Oct. 31 New York Not. n
SU Paul Nov. 7lSt. Paul Not. 2S
AMERICAN LINE.
Rf TOSS. B0UTHAXPT02T. LOH005. TAXXM.
' Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. We
frejjrht and passage apply at company's afSca.
4*1 Market street, corner of First.
W H. AVERT, General Agent.
Via Honolulu.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARJ*. COR-
ner First and BrannAn streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlc«ro). Naarasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board, on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARC
Tuesday, November U. 1900
SS. NIPPON MAR.U
....Thursday, December 6, 190O
SS. AMERICA MARU.........................
Saturday, December 29, 19C0
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-Btreet Wharf at 10 A. if.
C A DC S12 First Class. Including Berth
rrtnL S8 Second Class. and Meals.
COLfJIBIA saHs Oct. 25. NoV. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. 20, »
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. GsneraJ Agent,
£30 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
O CHAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ ' Steamers leave Broadway
fe»^ wharf. San Francisco:
ffiVj,^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
S®*Sb^ c<:t - :3 - 23 > Nov - 2 Chan s« t0
t«^*Kir»9fik company"s steameni at Seattle.
tfe t^«\-V?. For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
WC^Wj»l c >- Port Townsend. Seattle.
ESjB^rjSSl] Tacoma. Everett. Ar.acortes
L and New Whatcom (Wash. »—
11 a. m.. Oct. n, 28, Nov. 2.
m and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle, to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. xa.. Oct. 20,
25. SO, Nov. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lo»
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a. m..
Oct. 20. 24. 28, Nov. 1. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Haeneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9
a. m.. Oct. 22. 25. 30. Nov. 3. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guayraas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chanse
rteamers. sailing dates and hours of sallln?
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.Superintendent Webster has received the.
following contributions from the public
schools: Burnett, $57; Columbia, $31 50;
Golden Gate, $9; "Hawthorne, $12: Hum
boldt. $15 50; Laguna Honda, J2 50; total,
$127 50.
Winter Is Coming' On-
Tou need shoes and can buy them for
50 cents on the dollar. To-morrow there
trill be on Bale from the stock of the
Rochester Shoe Co. men's and women's
shoes that cost $4 a pair for $1.90. These
shoes are hand -sewed, made of VIcl and
French kid velour calf and kangaroo and
seal. The latest styles, all sizes from A
to EE. All will go at $1 90 a -pair at the
Bee Hive Shoo Co., 717 Market street,
near Third. •
Judge Carroll Cook rendered a long de
cision yesterday in which he declares that
the recent laundry ordinance passed by
the Board of Supervisors, which provides
that all public laundries In all parts of
the city and county shall cease washing,
ironing and mangling clothes between the
hours of 7 p. m. and 6 a. m.. Is unconsti
tutional. The case was brought before him
on a writ of habeas corpus at the instance
of Yee Yick, who was convicted by Judge
Cabaniss of violating the ordinance. At
torney Madden represented Tick.
The Judge after referriog to the opin
ions expressed !n what is known as tha
"barbers' case" and other case3 says:
"The ordinance in its preamble states
that the establishment in this city and
county of laundries is Injurious to the
public health and causes deterioration in
the value of property. That portion of
the ordinance cannot be considered lor
any purpose. This Uias been settled In
several cases. Not being, per se, a nui
sance or dangerous to health, what, rea
son can support .the prohibition of the
laundry business on the outskirts of our
peninsula or at a place within the cor
porate limits of the city — of which ther©
are many — Isolated from other habita
tions? Yet this ordinance does not limit
its provisions to the inhabited portions of
the city. It declares a laborer guilty of
crime if he works between 7 p. m. and 6
a. in. in a laundry situate miles apart
from any other building— anywhere within
the limits of the city — even if such laun
dry should be located upon a scow moored
in the bay. Its great vice is in its scope.
"What possible reason can be advanced
why- a laundry on Goat Island or out on
the Cliff House beach or on Twin Peaks or
at Ocean View or on the bay. where there
is not a neighbor to be disturbed, should
not be allowed to keep his laundry open
and labor therein all night if he wishes
to? Every other tradesman or laborer or
artisan, including the foundryman. the
carpenter, the baker and the blacksmith,
can do so. Why should such a laundry
man be compelled to close at 7 o'clock at
night? Is any one injured or disturbed
ln Fuch localities either In health or quiet?
"I am satisfied that with its provisions
extending to the broad limits that they
do that section 4 of this ordinance cannot
be held to be a health or police regulation
at all. much less a reasonable one. The
exception to the return is sustained, the
writ is therefore dismissed and the pris
oner discharged."
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey
asked for a ptay of execution for ten days
in order that he might consult with the
Board of Supervisors as to taking the case
on appeal to the Supreme Court, and It
was granted. Deuprey had a consultation
with Chief Sullivan and the Chief agreed
not to make any arrests under the ordi
nance till it was decided whether to ap
peal to the higher court.
Prisoners Sent to Jail.
John Laplaue, who, on November 15
last, forged the name of Philippe Moy
sounave to a note for $S00 and who suf
fered conviction for the commission of the
crime, was sentenced to serve nine years
ln Folsom Prison by Judge Dunne yes
terday. Lapique will appeal to the Su
preme Court from the decision of the
lower court. Harry E. Raynes. who was
Jointly charged with Violet Brooks of
having robbed a pallor of $35, was sen
tenced to three years ln Folsom for his
offense. Violet Brooks will be sentenced
next Saturday. John Williams, who
pleaded guilty to a charge of simple
assault, was sentenced to ninety days In
the County Jail.
Court Holds That It Cannot Be With
in Reason Held a Police or
Health Eegula- •
Decision to That Effect Is
Rendered by Judge
Cook.
LOCAL LAUNDRY
ORDINANCE NOT
CONSTITUTIONAL
It la reported on high authority that the [
petroleum Industries of Roumanla have
made ' great progress of late, and that If |
transportation becomes cheaper and bet
ter this country will be a formidable com
petitor of America and Russia.
I <3 50 ; ladles' ; shoes : to-morrow \ for $1 65.
Assignee ; shoe sale . Boatoa : Shoe ¦ Co., 775
Market: Jtree^. „ ••>¦¦.; - ~A^
The Prettiest Yet
Arethe; shapes and "finishes of. ournew
frames, :- just ; received. Exquisite : designs
in ; ; oval~ square ; and other odd * shapes,
finished in ; dead ; black.i graysl ant^ green*,
with ¦<. the > daintiest y gold •>, top '. ornaments
and f estooningB, fitted complete with gold
vJ$ ed -, ma J? " \° 1 match . ? at -: fianborn &
Kenneally Shooting Case.
I. The case or Thomas Kenneally, charged
s wlth ; assault - to murder s for "shooting H.'
Ostrander In >. the • arm « In the,; saloon, 500
Dupont street.^onVjune 1 22, jwasv called > In
Judge ; Lawlor's ' court t yesterday. ., > Ken
neally wanted to j plead guilty ; to assault
>wlth * a deadly 'weapon; \ but the Judge did
not ? accept ? his f plea and continued * the
case till Tuesday. .: :' ;- ¦/
; Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, the £ Independent
candidate for Congress ; In the • Fourth;; is
making a", test ivote to prove to , the people
East that California Is ' opposed ¦ to Chi
nese, ' Japs, . corporations and' monopolies.
The; paramount f of , all i Issues Is the^ 1 Chi
nese and Japs.;; _ His -election , means the
expulsion' from ' our shores of the Chinese
and Japs, and the future prosperity of the
working classes.-' ¦ ' ' .•¦ : '•
In the Divorce Court.
A decree of divorce was granted yester
day by Judge" Belcher to- Albert James
Rice tjibm" Luella M. '" Rice on the ground
of desertion^ Suits for divorce .were filed
yesterday by Sistl Segrettl against ¦ little
R.; Segrettl for s Infidelity: Louise A. Cor-"
well - against 5 Charles R. ¦ ;Corwell for
cruelty, and Albert; J. Stlnson '{ against
Laura Stinson for cruelty. ,,
Bay City Market to Be Sold.
Mark Strouse'fl famous Bay -.City j Mar
ket, butcher business on Market street Is
to be sold under order of court to, settle
his estate. : ' It Is one of 'the ' most desir- ":
able businesses ¦ In the city ' and spirited
bidding is expected. Sale 'has been-ad
vertised for Monday,' October 29, at ? the
premises. - •. .,-. . •
Superintendent of Schools Reginald . H.
Webster demands that he have a voice In
the disposition of issues before the Board
of Education, even though he be. absent
durlngithe meetings of -the board. For
some [ time Mr. Webster has been en
deavoring ; to secure the recognition . of
Assistant Superintendent of Schools W. D.
Kingsbury at the hands of , the ', board as
one entitled ' to sit In meeting ; during the
absence of himself, but without avail. ;•
Wearied with his unavailing efforts, Su-'
perlntendent Webster has - finally carried
his ; grievance' to the' courts for adjudica
tion.*. Suit was Instituted" by • him yester
day - to compel • the - Board : of ¦ Education
to , recognize his assistant, Kingsbury, as
legally ,? qualified to a voice and vote " In
the board during the absence of the com
plainant, .Webster. '-. "•¦¦ ,
In his complaint Webster sets forth that
two meetings were held by the board, one
on ¦ October 10; , the other , on . September 28.
At : . both : of .these meetings he - sought to
be represented and duly commissioned
Klngstjury ' to act in •"" his absence. •,: The
Board of - Education refused to recognize
Kingsbury, however; ¦ and i refused ' him a
voice ; or, vote in ; its deliberations. »
In;. conclusion Superintendent Webster
asks that: a: writ' of mandate be issued
'compelling Mhe ¦:'- Board - of Education to
l permit Kingsbury. to act in his absence to
permit him to exercise the legal functions
of the office of Superintendent of Common
Schools.' V The action has been assigned to
Judge ' Hunt ', for; hearing.'
WEBSTER SEEKS
THE COURT'S AID
William A. Brown has loved and lost.
His property, according to him, is Includ
ed among the things lost. In a suit filed
yesterday afternoon he' alleges that he has
been conspired against by Anna Marie
and Abbott L. Whitney,- with the result
that he has been victimized out of prop
erty at 512. Golden -Gate avenue, ; furniture
valued at $2500 and $3000 in gold, his loss
aggregating over $25,000.
Some time ago, Brown alleges, he met
Mrs. Whitney. . She bad been divorced
from Abbott L. Whitney and was lone
some. So was he. , He took ; her • to \ his
home, he avers, and there for some time
they lived as husband and wife; Finally
he consented to marry her, and in view of
his great affection for her and. influenced
by her pleadings he transferred half -his
property from his to her . name.. Shortly
after the transfer of the property he
claims her former. husband began to visit
their home, 512 Golden^ Gate '. avenue. ; He
had no objection ' to Whitney 1 calling," he
says..-, : ' :• '• ¦ ¦•¦ ' . ¦ ; - V ¦ ._¦ :;¦ .¦ :
Finally, Brown ; alleges, Mr. and "¦ Mrs. :
"Whitney began ; to ; ply him with alcoholic
liquor. They kept him in a state* of In
toxication continuously, .he says.v and
when he was past resistance, they opened
before - his eyes > the conspiracy , they, had
entered Into. -.While he was In a state of
Intoxication, he says, Mr. and Mrs. Whit
ney secured a conveyance from him to the
other half of '» his • realty. * Then ¦ they * se
cured his furniture, - and i then, piece by
piece, secured • his ¦ money, until he had
parted with $3000 Lin- gold. >• -¦<--.-
The : conspirators .were . divorced, -- he
claims, for the sole purpose of defrauding
him out of his property, • intending after
they had stripped him ; of j all his worldly
goods s to again join , hands In matrimony
and, enjoy, their Ill-gotten wealth.", ¦ :~ a -•..'
: , Brown - prays that t Mr." and Mrs. Whit
ney be adjudged guilty of fraud; that they
be Jo/pea )to yecpay^y his realty, a^d £ur-
BROWN LOVED AND
LOST HIS WEALTH
niture: that they.be compelled to make
an accounting of. all- the. rents received
during their. possession of his estate/and
forced under execution to return the $3000
borrowed from .him. A temporary Injunc
tion has- been Issued restraining Mr.- and
Mrs. Whitney, from disposing of;the prop
erty In their possession until the Issues in
volved have been finally adjudicated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1900.
32
Schools Help Galveston Fund.
MARIANI WINE-WORLD FAMOUS TONIC
Its rood effects are immediate and lasting:.
It Is also very palatahle, agreeable to the
taste and acceptable to the most delicate
EtamadL.
As a a Appetizer, take before meals; as a
T>i&estlve. take after meals; as a General
Tonic or Stimulant, at any time.
Sold by all Drurgrists. Refuse Substitutes.
VIN MARIANI
XMneaees cured without knife, plas-
ter or medicine.
CAKCER.
Mrs. M. Man-field. 1536 Broadway,
near list et.. Oakland, CaL
BRIGHT" S DISEASE.
B. TV". Thomrmon. 1758 10th ave..
East Oakland. Cal.
APPENDICITIS.
Mrs. Lent, 411 E. ieth st., Oak-
land, Cal.
TUMOR.
ilrf. A. P. Williame, 9a Cheater
et^ Oakland. CaL
By Professor RICKARDS. Offlc*
hours— Oakland, from t a. m. to U
ir..: San Francisco, 1:30 to 5:S3 p. m.
Baldwin Annex, rooms 16 and 17.
Sunday* excepted. Consultation Xree.
(Incorporated)
233-235-237 Post SL Open Evenings
" TECE CREDIT SO USE"
Six irorht High
ADVEHTISESEEXTS.
tTntil the boundaries of the . United
States are changed, the geographical cen-
ter will remain ln Northwestern Kansas,
near Hill City. •>
fl 2^^ masterly sale of lace curtains s^ m M^^
C1 ii- ¦ (^.'i^'if'i'^ -Vc^(^^*^ .hourly Increasing Its pres- '^ (V/r^if^S. lj I Ti i=: ( B -first fiooi-fir.t .ide.
nr.tflo.r-.econa ...... • | | [ j: U i^«« lg .^e^ manulac «|^ 1 | IIIF; M to dement occurs ,o oromi-
display you would come here in> hurry! m / i{\U ri'M® S« ;fl %^4 a. ' quick cash outlet, • &^//0O CV7. \l\il : : \3 \that »f should be stronjr.in character ot
po^mc-of'the'desiCTsfcame'fromPfl^ \ , u Vv. l ! - : f f goods :and values— that we fullv intend
London and New ' -ft WtStftw W !»-: ! f that k sha11 bc s H ch annot be bcttcr
prettiest pieces were made- in: our own M I - : <! if j j fi^B^flJrS. (g t for more than their money's - %¦ iVp; JS : '- 5 ;' f tig- shown than by pnees like those quoted
workrooms, which is an advantaee to )^' .M'. 11 .-;" 1 8 ,~^ *^V-^3 ,u u • j * & N «i^ i •> U : U ! ><? here— - \
you in a price way.^ °B: 1 \,\ j |l . W ° rth ' haV6 ' leamd t0 fe^Q^ "j | Japanese linen Whiting srav-
:uV*. V j rt i ah " ; i L : ,„,; ' : "ra-t«« •'¦ Q #' d i 2JA •' come here for: b83t results. .¦ B^JJ^R»t)** !: : . *j s t a fi onerv — J4 town court sta-
the Viola Allen' the- ' 'Virginia M : ' « ! ' - ¦¦•• W Q&^P&WV on n „.«« hrf« P « h.«.'.m- mfe^f^la ' *! J«J sheets of paper. 2 1 tionerv— 24 sheet 3
—copied, frpin^alEarle"— made : of ;-X*5;. M'K' ; L , l^fj^M^s!^^!?* 111 !": &' <*>?{ \\ \ ¦ ' '^ envelopes in neat of paper and 24
very expensive India silk — large tftu *i * j| '• § Vf^t^^^ifell '' usual circumstances, trade ¦ K?^-/^: £ l \ W \ l3 box— each only ... envelopes — linen
Pa " s creation- jabot, bow and M: • / { * *- ' JS <te..^M^J , ,, ; u T ancW| . "^ & K:Lo:M T? i IS .10c finish-oer box....
made of taffeta silk tucked stock col- m J g m^ti Incidents, 80 favored US. !§^ o^>]&V ! \ :, :/ $ Whitings floren- lSc
m i- t. a DO P ular exact reproduction X& ' ':'• N 5 c^) i #| work!n & In . conjunction ¦• l^^i^^y.SA 0 . 1 \-'t ! Whitinpr's pqplin. Whitine's textile
¦5 f * ¦« K "TT of a Iate importa- m »J = / ¦ i* P/i^.i?: />j been better deihonstrated. U' f Wm I \\ \% weddine stationery bond stationery—
made of taflfeta silk tion from Paris- 9 ' %' { T '> 1 #S 5 S T T ™ § ' ffjA I'M -the latest shape- for foreign cor-
— finished with 18- ma de "of taffeta silk t^v .!./.<? '*M^^~Mj- to frugal housewives p » I f^l \ \\ \$X 24 sheets and 24 respondence — 24
Ln^i?ia25Swir thlarfir S b0Wa ?- d S^^^^^IJ^^^M^MV With homes to. beautify, to (SJh^M yJf \ | " $ - envelopes-^er box sheels and 24 en-
ancr laree bow long -..ends appli- . Vf h ¦ 1 i v^ t»S v«' I.'/S, •>-§') L , ¦; , Jt £J> tfC/''°£&*. (Z^\- J a -<) •• ° Oc velopes.. per box
ledKCd^^^itedJquea^with heavy^.adAMISS^W hotel and lodglng-hOUSe g .*Y ; ffy^j-p. \sL'iS Pearl handle pen- 25c
ir^n^c^^-^-fe^'i Ifi^SS^S^^S^iSgM^^S
*2.T5-£, v : . ..¦¦%£ {i;U,r7^» *^v?^ :¦¦§ '%t\ earnestness that this sale &^&(0%S>f && <£M «^^ : I)5c ta '. n v * n tT reK " lar
point de arabe and collars — beautiful J\iX^i-^W :^)b^^ ?r* Z/ V O' & i d :i^^'\ paper and 24 en- Dennison's crepe
vemse lace— pnees and stylish as can r.^f^tf®^(5^^fE^S^^fl . va j UM . w ,,, r . ach ' vour P^-hS'? Sa ' velopes in pretty paper— full rolls of
Si-SO, $1.75 and. be— prices $2.00 to \(^J^tZ^\3^^^Z \ box— assorted col- ten feet— all wanted
{jt—OO JjHhOO "—^-^si^-^-^sts^,^ jjjghgst expectations. ors — per box.. 1 7c colors — each ..10c
I*ifot)OnS fOl* Nottinsrham lace curtains — ecru or white— 7, l A imitation madras curtains— ecru and white — VA tllC SUCCCSS
„ - , yards lpng by 45 inches wide— four handsome patterns yards Ions: by 50 to 52 inches wide — plain or figured &
T3nCy WOrK 3t —very desirable for bedroom windows— -you'd never centers with narrow and medium borders— eight beau- of thC
. . ¦. - puess their b^uty or worth from, the little prices— tiful and exceedingly dainty patterns — handsome -
-SnClT^emptylnS DflCCS tn ey should make many new friendships — per pair enough for any' parlor," dining-room or bedchamber DSSCITlCriL S&1CSPOOITI*
. & •• "... ...:.........91.OO and 91.1O —per pair $3.OO 4 . . , ¦ .. . t
first floor-third aisle. -• . - • • • - ;. - ' the basement salesroom, which ha3
,7 . ' NottinRham lace curtains, ;. ecru ' and white— full Swiss net curtains— white only— z l A yards Ion* by becn ope r n one cek « was an unaualified
." if the volume of responses measures length and width— made of a strong double thread— So inches wide— plain centers with dainty renaissance success * rom the start w hen you see
up to the merit of the offering there handsome and full of service— five good patterns— the borders— several different and strikingly beautiful pat- the vast stock— virtually everything in
will be a splendid business' to record to- ] o t is a smallish one (120 -pairs), but that was the rea- terns— the very best and handsomest curtains for the Housekeeping \ goods— and note the
morrow night. son the importer 'sacrificed them— per pair.... $2.00 money we ever knew— per pair prices— you will better understand why
to-morrow, following one of the clev- $4.00, $4.50 and $5.00 it instantly won—
erest ribbon purchases we ever made. imitation cluny lace curtains — white or ecru — 3V2 " solid eonner nlrk I" A
several hundred pieces of heavy all-silk, yards long by 50 inches wide— all woven with a strong. Irish point curtains— white only— yA yards long by el nlated tea ket -Grit o^iftt"^^ 3
satin and gros-gram ribbon in the fol- evenly twisted cable thread-plain centers with . nar- 50 ¦ inches ¦ wide-almost a score of patterns to choose tles^-no 7 %i ze - rEr? < n^l
lowing assortment of colors-two- row openwork borders in imitation of Battenberg from and all the new, exclusive and. beautiful^-cur- worth 'Si « each— t\Z Z&h ¦?-
shades of red two shades of pink, work— five exquisite patterns— per^ pair. . ¦¦¦•• ¦•• tains that less resourceful organizations would have to only OSc each— onlv "ie
three shades of light blue, three shades .?4.OO and $4.5O ask a third more for if thev had them— per pair ...-"«
of yellow, navy blue, light brown, pur- T . . u^ \ -,/ j ?4.OO, fS.OO, 86.5O and 9 7*. 50 Mrs. Potts' nick- berlin covered
pie, lilac and three shades of green- Nottingham lace curtains-white or ecru-.^ yards ... ¦ .. ¦ ' V ' ? ana * el plated sad irons saucewns - fir S
take these prices- ong by 50 . *o. 54 inches wide-seven choice patterns- imitation oak, walnut and mahogany curtain poles- three irons, stand quality "namelv are
No r 7 Q I2 l6 22 ao 3USt^- the curta l ns l - for ..hotels and lodging-houses- S feet long and 1 to ij4 inches in diameter-complete and h a n d 1 e — -4 quart si?e-reS
P? '"-Jo "0 J»o lio I4n i?o f£~ needing curtains of this sort you'll blunder if you with set of trimmings, consisting of two brass ends, worth $1.35 a set- ular Srice "sc each
Price uc ,c Oc 12c 14c 17c 20c nvss seeing them— per pair ?1.25 and ?1.3a two brackets, ten rings and ten pins— each 25c only .........80c —only .?..?!. 20c
new dress goods and silks Smyrna hosiery section.
O . •/ . ">¦'« «oor— fourth aisle.
the new store's showing IsTm^SlraVone'-he-e the skill of the great nifTC you^afgh? t?'& dewrt^ent- " eCOaOmical *"™*™ should lead
French textile artists finds fullest and belt expression-here a collection of such 1 UJijt L seemingly no hosiery deoartment could receive greater encouragement
•breadth and scope and beauty as to be inspiring— from thiS j matchless assortment W Q than has this one— and we' intend that no community shall have a more satisfy
we select this group^gpods particularly seasonable and whose exceptional -econd fl^^ ing one. we keep striving to improve the stocks and better the values and it is
values you cannot mistake. : nonuiaritv of *f us .! hat - pri 5 CS Hkc - those.quoted to-day grow more eloquent when you see the
black Venetian cloths, choicest and most desir- double silk warp and a tne « reat popularity of stockings and examine their qualities— I
this is a year of elegant able of the 1 new autumn fine; wool filling. these Smyrna rugs is that they ¦ . f ; .
plain cloths and elaborate weaves. it combines charming fabrics are a re- are cheerful in coloring. plain black seam- ladies full fashioned styles— plain black wxth
trimmings, naturally the richness with elegance cent arrival, they afe nearly as attractive as S* °°A K^f^Ti 0Ut si2e fleece hn ed hose— pearl ribbed elastic tops.
Venetian cloth stands in< and nothing surpasses . it prettier, silkier, more lus- nrin L:: n ZTZl\«* li, V ful -U°i st ?? mc 1 J rn^ o 5 tcd /°° ds black w i th unbleached
the front ranks of suit for tailor-made gowns, so trous : and desirable than in designs, pos- ribbed -Hermsdorf dye-double maco soles • and Richc-
materials. its fine tex- inches wide, a concession ever, black and all the sess fine wearing quah- elastic tops— sray merino silk fleeced— extra heavy heu ribbed— extra Ionsr
ture carries the trim- to the new store by the colors— per yard....$l.OO ties— are very easily neels and toes— all sizesj- —8J4 to 10— three pairs and elastic— good weight
mings perfectly, its rich manufacturer permits us black cheviots - no handled and cleaned- 8^ tO IO ~ PCr pair -— ° c for *l.OO_««s 8J4 to 10-oer
luster, which lends such to sell this highly popular woman's autumn ward- and are low priced children's fast black pair
a brilliant # tone p to. -the fabric for, per yard.. 00c; robe i s comolete without- W e have iust out in a seamless woolen, hose— ladies' full fashioned ., -V
costume, gives it prece- a black cheviot dress or " VC aV^ DUt ln a narrow rib — h e a v y fast "black fleece liSed J spccial pnce h^ &g
wrna?e V %nT'oualitv C o S f =ilk velvets-all the - «««• " -we have secured. new s a new we ight-sizes 6* to o^- hose-dyed in the %att "of dozen 1 ' 3S
his eeeaT fabric of new and staple colors- ter , , sc ? rch . a de P ar ture with us and per pair 20c that famous German. .... ,
•Slfrh ,1^L eSS.- 1? made expressly for black cheviot that we much care has been , . '^ ..•Louis Hermsdorf-extra children's imoorted
proud it is w SchS Hll^aHS^s^^p"^^^ t^^^ calw^w^f^^f heavy-all sizes 8'A to 10 fast black fleece lined
proua. it is 50 incnes exrcntionaliv «>tronff or s P ot — ° ne that is ab- . t . ... cashmere hose— for mis3- per pa j r .....25c hose^ — Hermsdorf black —
wide-superbly finished J",,.!^ 6^ 11^ . «i°oo solutely shower proof, if selecting — we believe. es and boys-heavy, but P pair long and elastic-heavy,
and the price is but. per vam eat, per yara..^x.uu subjected to we have a very beautiful soft and elastic— wide or soft and warm— 5& to
ya f d 91. oO r v^r*: every proper test and ha3 collection, and we also narrow ribs— sizes £ to ladies' fast black 9^ — three pairs for
all-wool cheviots, in colored silk poplins— a. never, failed, it is made believe our prices are — per pair —5c . seamless hose — four .'.. $1.OO
•light, medium and dark peculiarly serviceable and of fine, soft wooland is ,.."-,
shades of gray, brown highly desirable, non- • 50 inches - wide— price. such^as to entitle us to •**%£**%9e> $<«mmS/>I«imXo.
and beige— one of the crushable fabric with a per yard 91.25 your rug patronage. lllwll V^ TU "1115^11 Ill^S*
the domestic department offers unusually profitable . 26x50 inches.. ?i.eo « r «t mor-iourhi ai*ie.
pickings for prudent Purchasers. -' 3Ox6 ° inches "' li95 . bu y ing wrnishinsr goods here is •' excellent economy-axid we are expressly
Hiwniti^o^i^^iH^w^^pu^wiia^i^ 36x7Q inchcs<>92 . 75 looking for those clever fellows who like to mingle style with it
the keynote of the wonderful growth of this do- 1 ¦ /SBt? t mcn ' s heavy flannelette nightshirts— cut generously
mestic store is carefulness; the goods are carefully /gSx, f/MF/ JMW/ ' ' full and 54 inches long— the best value we ever of-
bought. but in great quantities— the prices carefully sai^w /&/ -^9fc~ 4Jfr fered at .' 50c
adjusted — and your wants carefully attended to. - /mr/ /^MEsStib <^V^M^^^ ' I A A W A-*
wrapper flannels— a really beautiful fabric in the /mW/ /mm/ @£^S& *S*S^y *Hg42==sSSP. muslin — linen bosoms— reinforced back and front-
latest autumn and winter colorings — great choice of /Mb/ fMml >^-,_ patent gussets — split neckbands — all sleeve lengths
patterns— the best of the I9c qualities — per yard 7c /Hv *-"¦ ¦¦ ""¦ *^^^^r zn^ a^ s ' zes — on ' v • «^ c
¦ ' / . m£2S& %Mmm4f%B% mH£h£kW^% ¦ ¦•¦ , '
bleached sheets — Hale*6 famous double warp ' T^^Wlfci^^^^^r^^ men's heavy fleece lined underwear in a handsome
goods-^cxtra heavy — unequaled for durability ¦ ' ' • . ¦. f* 1^^^.- '¦•' shade of light tan — splendid garments for fall and
54xqo inches— each 39c— 81x90 inches, each... 53c mall orders cordially Invited. winter wear— only 50c
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
• 4 i f\
I China Closet of solid gol- ]
; den oak, glass front and |
I sides. New design, well j
I made. The rich, golden ]
I finish, inside and out, will i
i make a pretty setting for I
I your china <t$10 |
¦ In the Drapery j
j Department bedroom comfort is well j
i provided for. Not a better selection j
j anywhere. Every grade of Comfort- j
I ers, fresh, new ones; the best quality j
i in every grade. Fleecy blankets of j
; every weight, direct from the mills, i
Rich, new designs in bed -spreads. ;
iA large line of fine sheetings. i
Carpet Rugs
It Is or.ly a question of selecting the j
color or pattern you like best. From j
a yard to a yard and a half long with j
fringed ends. Tapestrys, 50 Cents. ]
Axmlnst ers and Brussels, 73 Cents.)
free Delivery, Otkltnd, AUmeda, B«rice!ey !
M. FRIEDMAN & CO. !
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE
11230-1232-1234 Market St.
GOLFING SUITS AND RAINY-DAY SKIRTS,
JUST WHAT IS WANTED NOW.
AT LOWER PRICES THAN YOU EXPECT TO PAY FOB THEM.
$10.00
Pure Woo!, Extra Weight Reversible Golfing Suits, in
| grey and new brown, newest fall style Jacket Skirt, neatly
p stitched, real value $15.00. Our price is $1 0-00
I $15.00
I Extra Quality -Black, Grey and Oxford Camels Hair
I Tailored. Suits,' Jackets with silk reveres, perfect fitting and
a extremely- stylishrreal value is $20.00. Our price is . . $1 5.00
1 Pure ;Wooh Navy Blue Cheviot Tailored Suits, Jacket
j| and Skirt' arcihandsomely trimmed with silk braid, Jacket is
2 satin lined, Skirt new flaring effect, "made and in appearance
I like a $25.00 suit. On sale at $1 2.50
1 ...SPEC5AL...
II 500 Rainy Day or Tramping Skirts, 10 & 12 rows of stitching
I AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
I 100 Tan Rainy Day Skirts W. . . . • $2.25. ; ; Regular, price $3.00
I 100 Navy Blue Rainy Day Skirts at$2.50. v Regular price $3.50,
1 100 Grey &Tan Rainy Day Skirts at.$2.75. Regular price $4.00
B 100 Light and Dark Grey, Extra
I Weight, at . ...... ; $4.00. Regular price $6.00
I 100 Brown and Grey high gradeat $5.00. Regular price $7.50
pl^ . |;
;?*|> Market: '$$Fy . ( \ A \
I The opening of this New^^^^vc^W. j I I
j Millinery Store will be the :!/ / //• I
| most notable event in mil- z: E&S^S.yJ>- (l^^g^s} I J
I linery circles ever held in v ~^^W^^V^S¥ I /
I San :Erancisco. New iSl ' 5^
I s tore,' new millinery— all the delights of . fc^$^/
I: new creations from Paris and New York — at plain
I merchandise profits. Everybody welcome.