Continued on Second Page.
LONDON, Oct. 11.— The Berlin corre
spondent of - the ¦ Standard confirms thq :
announcement that Lord Salisbury has'
accepted the proposals of the second Ger-:
znaji note. <
Lord Salisbury Accepts.
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 10.— Sister Bap
tiste, teacher In a Catholic academy, here
tor> boys, was accidentally killed this
morning by the discharge of an old mus
ket^ placed on the. table by a" small boy
pupil. She was 23. years of age, "and came
to Montana three years ago from Leaven
worth,; Kans. : Her_ family ; name was
Flynn.
Sister Accidentally Killed.
HONGKONG. Oct. 10.— It Is said that
the authorities here, have received In
formation that a" general uprising In the
southern provinces has- been planned for
the month of November.
Ten thousand troops from India %'have
been requisitioned' for ¦ Hongkong. The
Sixteenth Bengal Lancers" and the Hong
kong Regiment' have been recalled from
the north to Hongkong.
The present: indications are that there
will be a Boxer uprising similar to that
which occurred in* North China. The
"whereabouts of therebels in the Hinter
land is not • known; <but: is believed to be
ten miles north of the British borders.
; A detachmentof 1000 Chinese troops took
up a position 'at Sanchung- yesterday, and
1000 "•more'arrived there to^day r " !|§|
Authorities Are Preparing for Trou
ble in the Southern Provinces.
GENUAL UPRISING PLANNED.
TIENTSIN,- Oct. 10. — The expedition to
Paoting-Fu has been fixed for/Friday
next. • The column will consist of 7000
British, German, French and- Italian
troops. '" •
Expedition to Paoting-Fu.
VICTORIA, b! C. Oct. 10.— War corre
spondents of Japanese newspapers
say that the story of the British hav
ing been the first to enter Peking is incor
rect. The Russians were before them, but
the British were first at the legations.
The town of Tungchou, says the corre
spondents, was damaged more than Tien
tsin or Peking. Three-fourths of the place
Is In ruins. Out of a population of 75,000
families only about' 100 are left. A large
supply of gunpowder stored In a temple
there blew up and. forty-seven British and
German soldiers lost their lives.
The foreign troops wintering in Peking
and Tientsin will require a free harbor
for purposes of communication. The bay
opposite Chinawang, near Shfanhaikwan,
seems to afford the best facilities. There
is a railway from Shanhaikwan to Tong
ku, though It Is in Russian hands.
The Nagasaki Press states that General
Barry, U. S. - A., is lying seriously ill in'
St. Bernard's Hospital 'there.
• The British transport. Nuddea was badly
shaken up in a typhoon and a lot of stock
killed. :'
- Advices by the Olympla Include the con
fession^ of Wan,; the ; murderer, of Baron
von : Ketteler, who ,was arrested- by Jap
anese gendarmes, while endeavoring to
sell the Minister's watch. His story is
that Prince Chwang Issued orders that
all foreigners j should be killed. * Subse
quently, as Wan and I a party of Boxers
were going round the country/they met
Baron von Ketteler and his people.! Wan
says that the first shot came from the
foreigners and that then flre .was opened
on: Baron von Ketfeler, who fell from a
bullet fired by Wan himself.
Forty-Seven BritIsh and
German Soldiers Killed
by an Explosion of
Gunpowder.
AMERICA DOES NOT APPROVE ALL OF
THE FRENCH PROPOSALS REGARDING CHINA
Every Important Place In
Manchuria From Amur
to Great Wall, in
Russian Hands.
LONDON. Oct. 11.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai, dated October 10.
, says: The Triads have met and re
peatedly defeated the imperial troops near
Kowloon. They are daily gaining fresh
adherents.
Heavy Russian reinforcements are mov
ing northward from Port Arthur, with the
object of relieving pressure upon Mukden.
Every place of importance In' Manchuria,
from Kiahtka to the Primosk boundary
and from the Amur to the great wall, is
now in Russian hands.
British Seek Chinese Coal.
PEKING, Oct. 8, via Tientsin Oct. 9,
and Shanghai, Oct. 10.— The British are
planning a small expedition to the coal
mine district in the western hills to in
vestigate the supply. It will leave here
Wednesday, October 10. • -
Chinese who have arrived , from Tal
yuan-Fu 'assert that ' General' Tung Fuh
Sian took a large force of his troops when
he left : there. . His present whereabouts
is unknown. .
Signal Line Completed.
; •WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— General Gree
ley has received a cablegram from China,
' saying : the Signal. Corps line from Tient
sin} to Peking along the Pelho. has been
completed. —Within a short time. It Is ex
pected, the Signal] Corps llne'wlllbo com
pleted from Tientsin to Taku, making a
through- connection over the military line
from Peking to Taku.
Marines From Peking.
TIENTSIN, Oct. 8, : via Shanghai. Oct.
10 —The : American marines, from Peking
have arrived at Taku, where they will be
joined to-morrow by the Tientsin battal
ion arid sent on the Indiana for Cavlte.
Gravity of Situation.
LONDON. Oct. 11. 4 a. m.— The Hong
kong specials this ¦ morning all refer to
the gravity of the situation In Southern
China, but they give -no further details
than have already been forwarded ln'dls
patches to the Associated Press. '. In some
quarters it is urged that It would be bet
ter to employ Indian . troops in China.
Von Waldersee at Work.
TIENTSIN, Oct. 10.— General von Wal
dersee. commanding tho allied forces, has
Issued orders to the Paotlng-Fu expedi
tion to depart on the 11th. The expedi
tion , consists of a mixed . force of 5000
-British, Germans. . French and • Italians. '
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. lO.-Sec
retary Hay sent this evening to
the French Charge d' Affaires the formal
answer of the United States to the pro
posals of France and Russia relative to
the basis of negotiations for the settle
ment of the Chinese question. In this
communication the Secretary makes it
plain that the United States earnestly de
sires that negotiations be opened with all
expedition, believing that only such action
can urevent outbreaks Inimical to for
eigners in Southern China, Three of the
French proposals are not acceded to, but
it is stated by officials ' that this failure
to assent to them does not necessarily
mean that the whole proposition will fall.
As a matter of fact this Government
cordially approves those proposals rela
tive to the punishment of tho responsible
authors of tho outrages and payment of
sufficient Indemnity, by the Chinese Gov
ernment. Without the consent of' Con
gress the President could not agree to the
proposal contemplating the interdiction of
the importation of arms or the establish
ment of garrisons in a foreign country.
It Is deemed essential' fnat China should
be In a position to defend, herself.- and,
therefore, this Government cannot con
sent to Join with other nations In razing
the forts at Taku. ;
Deep satisfaction is expressed in 'official
circles at the punishment- the Chinese
Government Is reported- to have inflicted
upon Prince Tuan. who is banished to the
imperial post roads on the Siberian fron
tier; YIng Nien, president^ of censorate;
Yang Yl, assistant grand secretary i and
president of the civil board, and Chao Shu
Chla, president of the board of punish
ment, to be beheaded, and Princes
Chwang and Yih and Duke Tsal Lan, who
will bo Imprisoned for life. It is known
that some of. the powers of Europe, not
ably Germany, will be disposed -to ¦ insist
upon the decapitation of Prince Tuan.
Officials of the administration assert,
however, that, tho banishment of Prince
Tuan is in itself a heavy punishment, and
that many Chinamen have committed sui
cide rather than be taken to the Siberian
frontier. Conditions in Southern China
are not at all good, there being unrest.
Unsupported by the Chinese Government,
tho Viceroys have maintained peace and
order, but the people are disposed to Join
in the anti-foreign movement, and unless
the powers take some action such as the
opening of peace negotiations' which justi
fy the attitude of the Viceroys, it is dif
ficult to say what may happen.
In Reply Secretary May
Hakes It Plain That
This Country Desires,.
Early Peace.
Otsego, the next stop, was down for
only a three-minute speech, but Mr.
Bryan extended the time to about ten
minutes. The trust question had been
considerably agitated at this point and
Mr. Bryan plunged into It at the very
beginning. At this point Mr. Bryan was
presented with a fine silk hat to take
the place of the hat he wa3 reported to
have lost In North Dakota.
Allegan extended a very, hospitable wel
come to Mr. Bryan. At that point. there
was a beautifully decorated stage and a
"Of all the pathetic pages of history
none is sadder than the page which is
being enacted to-day down in South
Africa. A people who came from a race
that has for centuries lived in peace, a
liberty-loving people, are struggling for
the rights that our forefathers fought for,
and grandfather, father and son are d>
lng together in the trenches, and tho wo
men take up the guns and fight when the
men are dead, and yet the Republican
party is so busy trying to figure tho
profits of syndicates in the Philippines
that it has no time to be sorry for the
Boers. My friends, when did a party ever
fall from such a high estate in so short
a time?"
At Kalamazoo, where there are many
Hollanders, Mr. Bryan expressed his
warm sympathy with the Boers, saying:
The crowds were all complimentary In
size as well as In tho attention given, but
those of the day were neither bo large
nor so enthusiastic as Mr. Bryan's'meet
lngs in Indiana and Illinois. The night
meetings at Muskegon and Grand Rapids
were both, however, numerously attend
ed, and at both there were- frequent bursts
of applause as well as words of approval.
These meetings were equal to the best
of the entire tour.
The towns In which the speeches were
made were: Michigan City. New Buffalo,
Benton Harbor, Niles. Dowagiac, Lawton,
Kalamazoo, Plainneld, Otsego, Allegan,
Hamilton, Holland, Grand Haven, Mus
kegon and Grand Rapids, two meetings
being held at the last named place.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Oct. 10.— The
weather for the first day of Mr. Bryan's
"tour of the State of Michigan was all that
could be asked. He made sixteen ad
dresses from first to last, and all but one
of the meetings were held in the open air.
The tour was under the management of
State Chairman Campau, and was admir
«Ubly conducted- The train was at no time
more than ten minutes behind time, and
all of the speaking platforms were erected
so near the railroad stations that in only
one instance was it necessary for Mr.
Bryan to enter a carriage. The country
traversed was varied in character, in
cluding the famous Michigan celery belt,
the scarcely less famous peach country,
as well as several furniture manufacturing
districts.
Bait and Peach Country.
Traverses Famous Michigan Celery
BRYAN MAKES MANY SPEECHES
circumstance be a menace to this coun
try.
"It Is very hard to believe In the sin
cerity of such an argument about the
army. It is equally difficult to believe in
the sincerity of the Bryanlzed Democratic
party about trusts."
Governor Roosevelt gave the names ex
leading Democrats who are said, to hold
stock in. various trusts as an evidence of
insincerity on their part
AT THE ONEIDA COLLIERY, OWNED BY COXE BROS.. OCCURRED YESTERDAY THE SECOND SCENE OFJBLOODSHED IN THE ANTHRACITE COAL
REGION OF PENNSYLVANIA SINCE THE BEGINNING OF THE PRESENT TROUBLE BETWEEN THE OPERATORS AND THE MINERS ONE MAN
WAS KILLED OUTRIGHT^ TWOJADLY INJURED AND OTHERS LESS SERIOUSLY. I :: ,V^:""*-i-i.-^. l-^^,-. « a *-_.^ -»-„-. _."
Thousands of Workers Pass in Ee
" yie.w at Scranton. '
SCRANTON. Pa.. ? Oct. . 10.— Thousands
I of striking mine-workers marched la re-
PARADE OF STRIKING MINERS.
jr w AZLETOX, Pa,. Oct. 10.— A spe-
Esmjj cial policeman was instantly
1 I killed, another was wounded in
J the head, a striker was probably
fatally shot and ten non-union
men were more or less seriously wounded
at the Oneida colliery of Coxe Bros, in a
clash between the officers and 500 strikers
this morning. The victims are:
Killed:
RALPH MILLS, aged 50 years, of
Beaver Meadows, one of the officers con
veyed in a special train early this morn
ing from that place to Oneida. He was
shot through the back.
•-George Kellnor, aged 3S, of ¦ Beaver
Meadow, also a special officer. He re
ceived shot wounds in the head, but will
recover.
Joseph Lekow, aged 3S, of Sheppton, a
striker. Was shot in the groin and will
probably die.
Ten non-union men were stoned, but
only two of them were seriously injured.
They are John Van Blargin and James
Tosh of Sheppton. The former sustained
scalp wounds and the latter had four ribs
broken.
The Oneida colliery had been in opera
tion since the inauguration of the strike.
The union men at Sheppton, where many
of the employes of the Oneida and Der
ringer of Coxe Brothers & Co. live, de
cided early this morning to close the
mine. They gathered in groups on the
streets as early as 3 o'clock. As the non
union men went to work they were asked
by the strikers to remain at. home. Some
turned back; others did not. Those who
went to the colliery were stoned.
Van Blargin, one of the non-union em
ployes, attempted to draw a revolver, but
the weapon was taken from him and In
the beating he received he had several
ribs broken. This occurred just before
starting time at the mine. ;/"-;* ?>_;
The strikers remained at the colliery
all". morning. As the small mine loco
mottve used in hauling the coal from No.
2 and No. 3 collieries to the Oneida
breaker pulled up on the* road near the
latter colliery a crowd of women blocked
the track. The women were told by Gen
eral Superintendent Cudlick to go home.
He assured them that their husbands
would get an increase, in wages and that
their other grievances ] would be properly
adjusted. The women refused to listen
and" stoned the superintendent, who was
wounded in the head.
Then the striking men and women
rushed toward the colliery.** A force of
about Hfty special policemen who had
been brought down from' Beaver Meadow
to prevent trouble attempted to intercept
the mob, but they were powerless to do
anything and retired to the engine-house.
Just as the officers got close to shelter
a shot was fired. This was followed by
another, and in a few seconds many shots
rang through the air. Policeman Mills
was the first to fall. Then Joseph Lekow,
a striker, staggered to the ground. No
one knows who shot first, but It Is be
lieved both the strikers and the officers
used their weapons. A gunshot killed
Mills and small shot struck Policeman
Kelnor. Lekow, the striker, was struck
by a ball from a revolver, with which all
the officers were armed. After the shoot
ing the strikers dispersed.
Sheriff Toole of Schuylklll County, In
whose district the trouble occurred, was
in Philadelphia and could tender no as
sistance. His chief deputy, James O'Don
nell, arrived here this afternoon and went
to the scene with a force of men.
Carl - Houser, a Lithuanian minister
from Freeland v who baptized a child at
Oneida just at the time the shooting was
in progress, was mistaken by the strikers
for Superintendent Kudllck and narrowly
escaped being stoned. He was soon recog
nized by a friend and escorted safely to
the station.
. Not one colliery la r.3w in operation In
the Hazleton district. Coxe Bro3. & Co.
have ' guards at every approach to the
Oneida and Derringer collieries to-night.
tear it, and It la only their sympathizers j
Kcostvelt Closes a Busy Day by Re
futing Bryan's Assertions.
FORT WAYNE, lr.d.. Oct. 10.— Governor
Roosevelt closed a busy day's work b>
rnukir.pr three speeches In this city to
night, addressing the greater number of
j.»rsorife in the aggregate who have ever
trath«-red in Fort Wayne to listen to a
can.liuate for Vice Presidential honors.
lie was honored also with three large pa
ra ties.
The last stop prior to arriving here was
at Huntir.gton. where an imposing illum
inated parade was given. Reaching For;
Wayne the Governor was driven imme-.
diarely to the Kink, where ie- w«a greeted
with prolonged applause. Having deliv
ered his address he was escorted to a
largf tent especially erected for the oc •
casion, ¦where he made a second speech,
and thence he went to Liberty Hai;,
wh^re he spoke for the third time.
When the Roosevelt party reached the
Ilink tl!«r- structure was crowded and hun
dreds of persons were unable to obtain
admission. When the Governor was In
troduced the auJR-nce rose as one man
and gave him three cheers and a tiger.
Tho Governor*! address was a reply to a
E;;c-ech recently made at Macomb. 111., by
Sir. IJrya.il. Governor Roosevelt said:
"I notice that Mr. Bryan's own organ
in Ir.diana. the Indianapolis Sentinel, re
ports him as having said last night at
Macomb, Jll.. that "the real object for
jwrrtaneritly increasing the army is to in
timidate the labor clement whe-n It pre
sents just complaints. The idea is to erect
forts near the large cities and with the
forces located in them meet all the de
mands of labor.'
"I earnestly hope that the Sentinel has
misquoted Mr. Bryan. 1 am not willing
to believe that any responsible party lead
er, and least of all the candidate of any
euch party for the Presidency, would per
mit himself to make sucli statements.
There Is not one shadow <>f excuse fo»
them. It is difficult to 'speak temperately
of what is in effect simply an appeal to
the basest an<l most evil passions of man
kind by deliberate misrepresentation ot
the intention and action of patriotic and
law-abiding citizens.
"Mr. Bryan either does know or ought,
to know not only that the statements
quoted above are untrue, but there is not
one shadow of Justification for them. The
Increased array has been made necessary
l>y the war In the Philippines, to which
his own utterances and those of his party
associates have continuously added fuel.
"I am willing to guarantee that not one
human being concerned In the increase of
the army ever for a moment considered
such a purpose as that attributed to them
by Mr. Bryan. There was no idea of
erecting fortifications near the large cities
and never has been, save where they are
to be used for defense against a foreign
fee There is no fort near Indianapolis,
for instance, because it cannot be menaced
by a foreign foe. There are forts near
New York, because »e can be menaced,
but these forts are garrisoned by heavy
artillery regiments, and surely Mr. Bryan
r.iust know that heavy artillery can only
be used in defense of fortlilcatlons, e?pe
t:\.i.lly against hostile ships of war or bat
u ries. If Mr. Bryan will take the trouble
to I'.nd out the facts he will discover that
in any large city the police force Is rela
tively to the population from two to four
times the sizo of the regular army -rela
livcly to the population of the UnUcd
States. Mr. Bryan must know perfectly
well that the army would be reduced If
the insurrection In the Philippines, to
which he and his party associates have
given aid and comfort, were put down
and the Islands became definitely quiet.
He either knows or ought to know that
our standing army, relatively to the size
of the population, is nearly one-half less
than it was in Thomas Jefferson's time,
end that there Is no more ; thought of
lining it to coerce the labor element, or
any other clement, than there was
thought of so using It in the days of Jef
ferson. Since President McKinley came
Into power the array has been used
against the Spaniard, the Tagal bandit
end the Chinese Boxer. These and their
kind are the only peopl« who need ever
HONORED BY VAST THRONGS.
FORT WAYXE. Ind.. Oct. 10.— The
Bryanite roughs at Victor, Colo.,
and the foul mouthed hirelings
of Hearst at Chicago were
outdor.e by desperate Demo
crats of Fort Wayne to-night, when Gov
ernor Roosevelt was pelted with cobble
ftones as he tat In his carriage at the
head of a parade in hnnor of his visit to
th!«< city. One piece of free silver and
anti-imperialisiir argument weighing five
or f!x pounds hit Mr. Roosevelt on th<?
shoulder. breaking the skin and 6O bruis
ing the flesh that the Governor will feel
it? effects for days to come.
Colonel Curtis Guild Jr. of Boston was
rtruck squarely in the face and painful
ly Injured. The Democrats escaped. Ow
ing to the fact that they didn't accom
pany or follow up their peculiar argu-
Trrents" with words of any kind, they could
tot be located. Otherwise it is safe to
fay that they would have been roughly
handled by the indignant citizens of Fort
M'hen the shower of stones
ftruck the? carriage the driver whipped up
the horses and the party was Quickly out
of rsnpe.
Governor Roosevrlt treated the matter
v«ry lightly, and was inclined when ques
tioned regarding the incident by sympa
thizers to lauch it off. It was the only
thing that occurred to mar a most perfect
day for campaigning and the most suc
cessful day from every point of view
Governor Roosevelt has spent in the
¦\Ves=t.
who have Justification In denouncing It.
To raise the hue and cry over an imag
inary conspiracy among the Justices of
the Peace, the Sheriffs and constables to
overthrow our liberties would not be one
particle more absurd than to pretend to
consider our little army as a menace to
our liberties. There Is no true patriot in
the country who ought not to be Indignant
at— and yet there is no man of good sense
who ought no,t to laugh at— the effort to
persuade 75.000,000 of people or any frac
tion thereof that 65.000 regular troops, al
most all of them employed In far-away
islands, on Indian reservations or in the
¦post forts, could under any conceivable
Struck by One of a Shower of Stones
Thrown by Vicious Bryanates
at the Carriage of the Governor.
An Assault at Fort Wayee, land.
ROOSEVELT IS HIT
ON THE SHOULDER
PLACES AND PEOPLE IN THE STRIKE AREA
BLOOD AGAIN FLOWS
AT THE COAL MINES
Ome of the Quaards Employed by tihe
Operators Is Killed While Pro
tecttag tlhe Noin=UEloin Colliers
at the Miming Town of Omeada,
view through the crowded streets of this
city to-day and showed their loyalty to
the cause for which they have been bat
tling for the past three weeks. Not only
did the strikers manifest loyalty to their
principles, but they showed the confi
dence they had in their leader. John
Mitchell, who came here to participate In
the parade and to address the men In
mass-meeting. The national presidents
welcome was an exceedingly flattering
one. It was the greatest labor demonstra
tion that has ever taken place in the
Lackawanna Valley. Thousands of min
ers and their families came to the city
from all towns ¦within a radius of twenty
miles. The city was ccnerously bedecked
with the national colors and most of tho
business places were closed in honor ct
the occasion.
The demonstrations began with the ar
rival of President Mitchell from Sharno
kln shortly before 2 o'clock. He wu met
at the* station by a local reception com
mittee and a crowd of several thousand
persons. Owing to President Mitchell'"'
late arrival the parade was not started
until 2:30 o'clock. The strike leader, with
James Moir, Mayor of Scranton. rode in
a carriage at the head of the line. Then
came a solid column of workingmen »o
long that It took an hour and fifteen min
utes to pass a given point. As in th'e other
big parades held in the region during the
past ten days many of the boys employed
in tha breakers preparing coal for tha
markets were in line. There were aiso
Innumerable banners carried by the men
bearing mottoes and other* inscriptions,
setting forth their grievances. The parade
was dismissed at the circus grounds on
the outskirts of the city, where the big
mass-meeting was held.
It was estimated that more than 10.000
persons were gathered around the speak
ers* stand. Fred Dllcher of Ohio, mem
ber of the executive board of the United
Mine-workers, who acied as presiding of
ficer, introduced President Mitchell.
When M>. Mitchell in his speech told
the miners that the proposition of the op
erators to advance wages 10 per cent was
not enough the spontanlety of the cheer
ing was surprising and almost startling.
He followed this up toy declaring that tho
mine officers ought to abolish the com
pany stores and the sliding scale and that
they should pay the men their wages
semi-monthly, as the Pennsylvania laws
direct. "With the mention of each griev
ance there was an' outburst of applause
from the men.
Mr. Mitchell refuted the charges tha.t
the strike was inaugurated in the inter
est of politicians and also denied that
bituminous interests had anything to do
with the present content. He declared that
If any soft coal was shipped Into the an
thracite district as a substitute it was;
coming from the non-union fields of Vir
ginia. He gave the non-union men now
on strike in the anthacite field great cred
it for suspending work along with the
union workers. He t>ald there were only
SO.000 union men in the anthracite region
on the day when the anthracite strike be
gan, but 112,000 men have obeyed the or
der to strike. The other speakers Includ
ed Mayor Moir. who welcomed Mr. Mitch
ell; George Purcell of Indiana and XT, B.
Falrley of Alabama, members of the na
tional executive board.
Pond Creek Men Strike.
HAZLETON, Pa.. Oct. 13.— The men em
ployed at the Pond Creek colliery operated
by the Pond Creek Coal Company went
en strike this afternoon and submitter!
a list of grievances. This is the colliery
which the mine workers did not attempt
to close down because of the promiaj
made by the superintendent a week ago
when the strikers marched to Pond Creek
that no coal would be shipped to market
while the strike is on. This promise was
kept by the company, but the men. f\ ap
pears, took matters into their own hands.
CECIL, RHODES IS
TENDERED AN OVATION
Says That Now the War Is Over Dis
putes as to Its Origin Should
Cease.
CAPE TOWN. Oct. 10.— Cecil Rhodes rc
cel\-ed an ovation to-day when ho. as
sumed the presidency of the Congress of
the South African League. During the
course of his address he attributed t>e
South African war to the "mugwumps,"
and said that but for them Mr. Krugcr
would never have dared to send an ulti
matum to Great Britain.
Generally speaking Mr. Rhodes was con
ciliatory In his remarks. He declared that
now that "Krugerlsm had vanished"
Great Britain would establish a liberal
government, "which would do everything
possible to unite the Interests of South
Africa with those of the empire."
Mr. Rhodes also said there was no de
sire to plaster Rhodesia on Cape Colony,
Intimating that It was likelier to be the
other way, but he thought Rhodesia
would be one of the Federal States, with
great opportunities for expansion in the
direction of the Congo.
He then said: "Xow that the battle is
over, the disputes on the origin of the war
ought to cease. The race question must
be subordinated. The league should sup
port three points— the supremacy of the
flag, equal rights and show the Dutch
that there Is no feeling against them.
Having won what It Is entitled to. the
league ought to demonstrate that the In
terests of the races are the same. Then
there will be great hope for the country."
Suffrage Rejected.
MELBOURNE. Oct. 10.— The Legislative
Council of Victoria to-day rejected the
bill recently passed by the Legislative As
sembly providing: tpr a referendum on tha
question of woman suffrage.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 133.
SAjS FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.To Cure a Cold in One. Day
Take ¦ Laxative Bromo • Quinine Tablets.' ¦ AH
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
£. W. Grove's eljrnaturo is on each box.- 25c •
Papeete the Beautiful.
Those who are fond of traveling (and who it
not) will hall with delight the news of a direct
cteamship route to Tahiti. This charming land
has until ; now been .accessible .only ; by slow
sailing reasels. but on November 1st tha popu
lar steamship • Australia will sail direct,; mak
ing the trip in ; 10% dayg. A reduced round
trip rate has been made for the first trip. - Call
at 613 Market street for sailing: list. . •¦
Oregon Short Line Election.
SALT LAKE,- Oct/ 10.— The . annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Ore
gon Short - Line Railroad - Company was
held In this city to-day. Beyond ,the elec
tion of-the old board of directors no busi
ness of importance was transacted. The
directors are: . Oliver' Ames, Francis S.
Bangs, Horace G. Burt.- Samuel" Carr, T.
Jefferson Coolidge Jr., W; D. Cornish W'
E.Glynn, George J. Gould, E. H.. Harrl
man; Thomas: R: Jones. Otto H. Kahn
Gardner^M. Lane. James Lodb. Oliver W.'
Mink, Wlnslow S. Pierce.
BESTKAINED FAOM SELLING
STOCK QUOTATIONS
Temporary Injunction Granted by
Judge Kohlsaat in the United
' States Circuit Court. -
CHICAGO, Oct. 30.— A temporary injunc
tion has been issued by Judge Kohlsaat
In the United States Circuit Court prohib
iting Oscar M. Stone and others from ob
taining, selling or distributing the quota
tions of the Chicago Board of Trade* The
complainant was the Cleveland Telegraph
Company, which has ' the right under its
contract with the board to • disseminate
the quotations. Judge Kohlsaat held:
First— That there exists In the Board of
Trade a right of property In the quota
tions until they are made over to the
public.
• Second— That there; is no such dedica
tion to public use as will serve to defeat
or terminate the property right. ¦.;-.¦
Third— That lMwas within the power of
the board to convey to the complainant
the 'property, right, and that this com
plainant acquired good title by . its con-'
tract.' ;* '• • *> ¦
Granting that the: right to the quota
tions is a property right the court said
It cannot be denied that the 1 complainant
was greatly • damaged by the broadcast
scattering of the quotations by purloiners
who, by reason of having to pay noth-,
ing for them,' could! obviously render the
complainant's 1 right; of -property valueless. 1
CARACAS, Venezuela, Oct.. 10. —The Venezu
elan Government ¦ haa t Issued a t decree provid
ing for^the free navigation of .the Spedernales
and Macaro canals in the -Delta Orinoco, previ
ously the : monopoly ; of .; an ¦ English company.
Mrs. Delia Pratt Wilson.
SALT LAKE. Oct. 10.— Mrs. Delia Pratt
Wilson, 72 years of age, a native of New
York, died here to-day of valvular dis
ease of the heart She had lived in Salt
Lake for the past nine years.
' Mrs. Delia Pratt Wilson was the mother
of John P. Wilson, who for several years
past has appeared nightly on the boards
at the Tlvoll Opera-house In this city.
Mr. Wilson had planned to start for. Salt
Lake next Tuesday on' an extended" visit
to his mother. Yesterday he received a
telegram announcing her sudden death
and left for Salt Lake at once. . .
Pioneer Physician's Death.
OAKLAND, OH. 10.— Dr. J. H. Miller, a
pioneer physician, died last evening at his
home in San I^eandro. The deceased doc
tor leaves a wife and four children— Dr.
Charles Miller of North San Juan, Edwin
Miller, , a student at the San Francisco
Theological Seminary; Harold Miller, a
student at Cooper Medical College, and
Miss Ethel Miller. Dr. Miller was a Civil
War veteran, a Mason and a leading
worker in the Presbyterian church. He
was 58 years of ace, a native of Michigan.
Death of a Prominent Elk.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Charles S. Durgtn,
a publisher at Franklin and Tenth streets,
died to-day from consumption contracted
at Nome. A wife and two children sur
vive. The funeral will take place on
Friday from the family residence, 625
Fourteenth street, and will be in charge
of Oakland Lodge of Elks, of which he
was a prominent member.
Dies on' Eastern Visit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 10.— Word has been
received here of the death of.. Edward
Horgan In St. Paul, Minn. He was on a
visit to his sister there when taken ill.
The young man was a member- of the
Alert Fire Company in this city. H!s
mother, Mrs. M. M. Horgan, resides at
2321 Carlton street.
General Edward Canavan.
STOCKTON, Oct. 10.— General Edward
Canavan, a veteran of the Civil and
the Mexican wars, died late last night at
the County-Hospital. ¦ ; ¦ ¦
NEW OFFICERS CHOSEN • .
BY OLD VETERANS
Final Business Session of the. Society
of the Army of the Cumberland
" at Chattanooga. •
CHATTANOOGA. Tepn.. Oct. 10.— The
final business sesslpn of the Society, of the
Armjv of - the. .Cumberland was held to
day. Louisville, Ky., was chosen for the
next annual meeting during the week of
October R, 190L ' • • • -- •
The .following officers were electpd:
PrcFioent, D. S. Stanley; corresponding
secretary. General II; .V. Boynton; treas
urer, -Major Tweedale; historian. Charles
K. Belknap: orator for 19Q1, General Arch
ibald Blantley of Plttsburg. Pa,
ExecHfJve - committee— General Charles
H. Grosvenor, General J. W. Burke. Gen
eral James Burnett. General W. A. Robin
son. General R. A. Alger; General A.
Balrd and General T. J. Wood:- • • -
The' inspection, of . Chlckamauga Park
monuments by the veterans who fought
In that battle on both sides will be the
special order of business for to-morrow.
t-T? e Spanteh-American ..War Veterans
held a closed session to-day, conferrihgin
regard to -the- proposition for consolida
tion of various, kindred organizations.
SPECIAX' SESSION OF THE
mCHIGAN LEGISLATURE
Will Consider Legislation Regarding
the Taxing of Railroads and
Other Corporations.
LANSING. Mich.. Oct. 10.— The Michi
gan Legislature was called to order at the
State Capitol In special session to-day. In
pursuance to Governor Plngree's calMs
pued last Friday. The Governor's smes
sage dealt entirely with the Issues men
tioned in the call, the consideration 'of a
Joint resolution permitting submission* to
the people at the general election In No
vember of a constitutional amendment
regarding the taxation of railroads' and
other corporations on the cash value of
their property Instead of on their earn
ings as at present, and the repealing of
the special charters of the Michigan Cen
tral, Lake Shore and Grand Trunk rail
ways.
PURCHASE OF DANISH i:%,
WEST INDIES PROBABLE
Opposition Party Is Holding Out for
a Higher Price Than That- ;
Offered.
LONDON. Oct. 10.— Referring to the
mooted purchase of the Danish West In
dies by the United States the Copenhagen
correspondent, of the Daily Telegraph
says: ¦'¦'¦ • •' • l • ".¦'¦¦ ¦ •-•• •
Tho renewed negotiations will result,. I
believe, in the purchase. The opposition
party in the Danish Parliament favors the
transaction, but urges the Government to
obtain a larger price < than the United
States previously offered. It is understood
that America wishes to usSe St. Croix as
a naval coaling station..
FATHER AND TWO &>NS
ARE BURNED TO DEATH
Charred Remains Pound in Ruins of
the Shanty Which Had Long
Seen Their Home.
BOSTON. Oct. 10.— Three persons, a
father and two sons, were burned to death
in a shanty in Roxbury at 2:30 this mom-
Ing. The victims are:
EDWARD TOUSELJN. aged 45.
EDWARD TOUSEUN, aged 27.
JAMES TOUSELIN, aged 14.
Touselin had lived in the place ten
years. He carried on the business of
wood peddling, and one side of hls-abode
had a shed where he prepared the wood
for market. The bodies of Touselin and
his sons were almost consumed?
Several years ago Touselin's wife was
burned to death in this same place, her
clothing having caught fire while she was
cooking a meal. >;.;., v-r
UFTOIT WANTS THAT CTJP.
Will Again Issue a Challenge to
American Yachtsmen.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— It is reported hers
that a challenge from Sir Thomas Lip ton
for another series of races for the Amer
ica's cup reached the New York Yacht
Club this morninff.
At the office of Sir Thomas Upton to
day the report that his challenge had
reached New York was denied. It ap
pears, however, that It was recently
mailed, or that it la about to be sent to
New York.
Sir Thomas Upton, later In the day.
Informed a representative of the Asso
ciated Press that his challenge Is on board
the White Star steamer Germanic, due at
New York Thursday, and that he prefers
that all Information as to its contents be
jriven out by the New York Yacht Club.
The letter challenging contains a sugges
tion as to the date of the race, which,
H. is understood, will be In August.
. It .is reported that the challenge yacht
will be built on the Thames and that she
will be named the Shamrock.
According to rumor, Robert Wringe, one
of the commanders of the old Shamrock,
will command the new racer.
.NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— J. S. Vodie, sec
retary, of the New York Yacht Club, said
that a letter was received ! to-day • from
Sir Thomas Llpton announcing that the
Upton cup for seventy-footers Is on the
Germanic, due here to-morrow. There
was no challenge, he said.
Stanford Football Talent
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 10.—
The list of freshmen eligible to play
against Stanford In. the annual Intercolle
giate match was received here this morn-
Ing 1 . According to the recent ' athletic
agreement the list was submitted four
days late, which has the effect of. mak-
Ihk null and void the whole of the recent
amendment. The -Stanford management
has not yet decided "what action will be
taken. . The . list contains - forty-eight
names. Eleven of -¦' these • are "doubtful
cases ~ according . to the report of the
Berkeley athletic committee.
Secretary Root Returns.
WASHINGTON*, Oct. 10.— Secretary
Dr. Carrlcks says he is in. an extremely
critical condition, which may take a sud
den ehang? for the better or .worse at any
moment, and. if for the worse Youtsey will
be permanently insane. He has not been
taken to the jury-room in the Courthouse
yet. as directed, by Judge Cantrill this
morning, but may be taken there early
to-morrow If there is no change, for the
worse in his condition to-night. » Judge
Cantrill sal<l this morning that the tria}
would certainly proceed, but if Youtsey is
absolutely unconscious to-morrow the
Judge may abandon his purpose. The
court thinks he had simply hysterics last
night, brought on by the strain and con
finement, and that he will recover In a
day or two.
Physicians Say There fs Grave Danger of
His Becoming Permanently Insane.
GEORGETOWN, Ky.; Oct. 10.— Henry
Youtsey has remained in a comatose con
dition all day. Whether that Is due to the
opiates administered to quiet him laat
night cannot be ascertained. He has an
swered no questions addressed to him by
his nearest relatives and physicians, but
once or twice during the day he held up
his hands and exclaimed:) • '
"There is no blood on. my hands— there
is no man's blood on my hands!"
He has kept his eyes closed all day, and
they are still slightly crossed, as if drawn
and set by the convulsion he - had last
night. The only nourishment he has taken
was a glass of milk, which was almost
forced down his throat by the physicians.
YOUTSEY IN A COMATOSE
CONDITION FOR HOURS
time the couple, under the name of Mr.
and Mrs. Hart, went to live in the West
Forty-eighth street apartments, leasing
them for one year from November last.
It was said to-day by a friend of
Schrelber that he had spent about $75,000
on Mrs. Hart in jewels. He purchased
fashionable equipages for her use and a
wardrobe that filled forty trunks. All of
the Jewelry was purchased at Tiffany's
and Included a diamond chain, composed
of half-karat stones. According to this
Informant. Schreiber sent the woman on
a trip to Paris, wnere she lived in grand
style, and returned on July 16 last. Her
hats and bonnets were of the latest Paris
ian creation. • '"¦•¦ -.¦•• = ¦•.•
EMBEZZLING BANK CLERK
SPENT WEALTH ON WOMAN
Mrs. Anna Hart to Be Sued for the Recovery
of Money Given Her by Schreiber.
NEW YORK, Oct. m.-The police be
lieve that William Schrelber. who embez
• zled fiOO.000 from the Elizabethport Bank
* Ing Company of Elizabethport, N. J., is
hiding in this city. Former Judge GI1
bodey, counsel for the institution, called
at the West Forty-seventh-street Police
Station at 2 o'clock this morning and
asked for the service of two detectives.
Mr. Gllhooley said he had several men
watching a flat where he suspected
Schrieber would go. The watchers were
tired out. he said. Two detectives were
eent to relieve them. Mrs. Anna Hart,
the occupant of the fiat, admits that
Schrieber lived with her under the name
of William Hart, but claims she has seen
nothing of him since August IS.
Civil proceedings will be instituted
against Mrs. Hart by the Elizabethport
Banking Company for the recovery of
S20.000 worth of diamonds. $12/0} in cash
end personal property valued at 55000,
which they allege were lavished upon her
by Schrelber.
The woman known as Mrs. Hart, with
whom Schreiber lived in New York, has
had a remarkable career In this city.
After passing thirty years of her life on
her father's farm near Bayport. L. I., she
came to New York about three years ago.
She was Emma Smith, daughter of a
farmer who had lived for years near. Bay
port, where she was born. Coming to Ne"w
York Emma Smith first met and became
a protege of a member of a London firm
of horse tJealere here. This man died
aboft a year ago. But by this time Em
ma' Bmlth, or Mrs. Hart, as she had
come to be known, had learned enough
of city ways to fteer her craft alone. She
became a frequent visitor at the race
tracks and It was at one of them; 'It Js
paid, that fIj* met Schreiber. In a short
Root returned to "Washington this after
noon, but did not take up any of tho
affairs of the War Department. Acting
Secretary Meiklejohn left to-night for
Nebraska, where he expects to take an
active part in the campaign. Mr. Meikle
john will be a candidate for United States
Senator If the Republicans control the
Nebraska Legislature.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 10.— Most of to-day's ses
sion of the Grand Division of the Order of
Telegraphers, was devoted to a reading of
a report of the board of directors, embracing
a period of eighteen months. Within the two
years the order has increased 6000 in member
ship and continues to grow steadily.
WASHINGTON, Oct. lO.-Mr. Bryan has
been appealed to by Nebraska Democrats
to cut short his Eastern trip and to go
home to prevent the Republicans from
capturing Nebraska. Senator Hanna and
the Republican campaign managers have
made up their minds to land Nebraska in
the Republican column, and they will
make the most of the opportunity while
Mr. Bryan Is out of the State to work up
Republican enthusiasm.
Postmaster General Charles - Emory
Smith, one of the most effective cam
paigners in the Republican party, has left
Washington for Bryan's State. He is go-
Ins direct to Lincoln, where he Is to speak
I< rlday. He will also speak at Hastings
and other points. Assistant Secretary of
War Meiklejohn has also gone to Ne
braska, where he will speak every day
from now until election. Senator Hanna
himself Is to go Into the State with Sen
ator V rye of Maine, and other prominent
Republicans, who will be in the State
while Bryan is invading the enemy's coun
try. Include Senators Lodge and Allison
and Sneaker Henderson.
Republican leaders plan to keep men ,of
national .- repute in the State .from now
until the day of election.- There will not
be a town of importance! in which the Re
publicans will not be heard, and when the
day of election comes extraordinary
means are to be taken to get out the Re
publican vote. Mr. Hanna is economiz
ing in his campaign expenditures bo as
to have plenty, of money to devote : to
getting men to the polls on election, day
in States like Nebraska where the result
is so doubtful that every vote counts. In
country districts Republican managers
will have carriages at their command
throughout the day and. every man who
can be depended upon to vote the Repub
lican ticket will be hunted up and. given
a ride to the voting place at the expense
of the Republican committee. The Repub
licans are making no secret of their Inten
tions not only to land the electoral vote
of Nebraska in the McKlnley column if
possible, but to carry the Legislature as
well so as to prevent the election of Mr.
Bryan to the Senate to succeed Senator
Thurston. > »v, :,
Urge Their Leader to Re
turn Before It Is
Too. Late.
BRYAN ITES FEAR
FOR NEBRASKA
Special Cable to Th« Call and Xew York Her
ald. Copyright, K'00, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS, Oct. 10.— According to La Prebse
the French Government is being consulted
on the subject of President Kruger land-
Ing at Marseilles and passing through
Paris on his way to Holland.
"The eventuality of the Boer President's
visit to France has," adds this journal,
"aroused great opposition on the part of
M. Delcasse. We all remember the en
thusiastic welcome given the three Boer
delegates. -What would it be if the old
hero of Pretoria were to come in person
and present "himself before the acclama
tions of the French nation? livery French
peasant knows Com Paul's face and ho Is
admired throughout the country as much
as ho is in the Netherlands, but the Quai
d'Orsay does not wish to cause any
trouble with England. A demonstration
to President Kruger would have the effect
of displeasing Mr. Chamberlain. If the
decision rests with M. Delcasse alone we
may be sure that the hero of the South
African war will be asked to go else
where." ¦ • ........
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Driven from the
Transvaal by force of British arms, eight
American citizens who recently arrived
penniless in this city have the
United States Government .. to , present
claims for indemnity against Great Brit
ain. They declare that although neutral
in the recent conflict they were kidnaped
from their homes, leaving their wives and
children behind." These'.men arrived here
in the steerage of ( th« Spaarndam. Septem
ber 27. having been sent first to Holland.
American Consuls 1 in" ports where they
Btopped were powerless to rescue them,
ana they have made a final appeal
through attorneys in this city to the Sec
retary of State at Washington. Before
separating in Holland 300 exiles, men of
all nationalities," signed a round robin,
which will be used as evidence against the
British Government. It is in part as fol
lows: • • ' ¦ '. • ¦• ¦ • "K
"We were arrested In our beds, or seized
In tho streets of Johannesburg in the
Transvaal on Friday, July 13, 1900. We
were marched to the Market building and
there confined,. eight men in each cell. We
were marched twenty-four hours later to
the Johannesburg Railway I station and
put into open cattle trucks, forty men in
each truck, with stending room only. • We
were then sent to East London, a distance
of 800 miles, taking live days"^.o complete
the Journey. We were put on board the
transport Manhattan July 26 with fifty
soldiers.. There were about 600 of us of
all nationalities. The meat served us be
came so bad during the Journey that the
COO passengers forced the steward to throw
overboard the entire stock of 4000 pounds
We found two dead rats in our soup on
August 25. The officers declared we
should "have no" meat - until we reached
Port." . . V
BLOEMFONTEIN, Oct. lO.-The British
forces have reoceupied Smithfield, Roux
vllle, Wepener and . Dcwetsdorp, Orange
River colony. : **
LYDENBURG, Transvaal j Colony Oct
10.— General Buller bade, farewell to -his
troops October 6 and departed southward
There was a striking farewell demonstra
tion.- The -troops gathered on both sides
of the road for. miles and cheered Buller
vociferously. -- ,.
FRANCE MAY NOT
WELCOME KRUGER
Said That Delcasse Fears
'the Wrath of the
• British.
taxes. And the whole country said
"Amen." Mr. Payne, the chairman of
the committee in the House of Rep
resentatives, that had the matter in chance,
drafted a bill embodying the suggestions of tho
President. He made a speech in support of that
bill. There v.-as scarcely any division of sen
timont about it. Then a trust magnate named
Oxnard, of Xew York, hurried to Washington
to prevent the passage of this bill. It seems
that it was not to the interests of his trust to
have Porto Rico made a part of the republic
and the Porto Ricans made citizens. And, a
trust being organized only to make money,
cares nothing about the welfare of a million
human twines. To the amazement of the
American people, to the disgust of most of the
great Republican- newspapers of the country,
this trust magnate forced Mr. Payne to aban
don his bill and to draft another bill, which
represented exactly the opposite principles. He
forced Congress to pass this latter bill, and In
credible as it may seem, he forced the Presi
dent to sign this bill, which embodied exactly
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. lO.-Tho
Yale Democratic Club held Its
first rally of the campaign to
night, with ex-Governor John P.
Altgeld of Illinois as the principal
speaker. The affair 'was a great success,
es Music Hall, with a capacity of 2500, was
taxed ' to Its utmost and hundreds were
unable to gain admission., Governor Alt
geld was received with much enthusiasm
and his remarks were- frequently Inter
rupted by applause.
He dwelt at great length on the Porto
Rican question, saying In part:
Last winter the President sent a message to
Congress stating that our plain duty required
that the island be made a part of this republic,
that the inhabitants be made citizens of this
republic so that they could trade with the peo
rle of America without paying tariff
lawbreakers, free trade and free sliver
will be Jappropriate accompaniments of
such an administration and- cannot add
appreciably to the national distress or tho
national dishonor.'
"The economic policies of the Repub
lican party have been vindicated by the
remarkable and general prosperity that
has developed durlnp Mr. McKlnley's ad
ministration—.succeeding a period of great
depression. A change of administration
this fall would almost certainly renew
conditions from which we have so hap
pily escaped. The full dinner bucket is
not a sordid emblem. It has a spiritual
significance for the spiritually minded. It
means more comfort for ihe wife and
family, more schooling and less work for
the children and a margin of saving for
sickness and old age."
General Harrison will leave New York
for his home on Friday.'
governmental and business affairs Into
confusion. We should not aid the election
of a President who would, pximittedly, if
he could, destroy the gold standard and
other things that we value even more
upon the deceptive suggestion that he has
been bound and that the Republican party
will, after defeat, still have strengili
enough to save the temple. It will be
much better not to allow the man with
destructive tendencies so much as to lean
against its pillars.
"Perhaps it will save you much trouble
if I give you this extract from my Car
negie Hall speech:
" 'When we have a President who be
lieves that It Is neither his right nor hia
duty to see that the mall trains are not
obstructed and that interstate commerce
has its free way irrespective of State lines
and courts that fear to use their ancient
and familiar writs to restrain and punish
JOHN P. ALTGELD OF ILLINOIS, WHO MADE A BITTER ARRAIGN
MENT OF THE ADMINISTRATION DURING A SPEECH BEFORE
VTHE YALE DEMOCRATIC CLUB AT NEW HAVEN. CONN. '
EX-PRESIDENT BEXJAMIX F. HARRISON, WHO SETS ALL STORIES
AT REST BT INDORSING THE STAND OF THE REPUBLICAN AD
MINISTRATION.
number of children dressed in white threw
flowers in his path as he walked across
it. In his speech Mr. Bryan discussed tha
general Issues of' the campaign. Con
trasting Senator Hanna with President
Lincoln he eaifl:'* «
"To-day the dollar comes first and the
man afterward, If at all. and I want you
who voted for Lincoln to put Lincoln at
one end of the Republican party and
Hanna at the other end and then look at
the toboggan slide. If Mr. Lincoln's Ideas
were right Mr. Hanna's ideas must be
wrong. If Mr. Hanna's Ideas are right
Mr. Lincoln's ideas must have been
wrong." . ¦ -
At Holland Mr. Bryan also encountered
a Dutch community, to whom he paid a
tribute, saying most of them had been
drawn to this country by their love of
liberty and their admiration for American
Institutions. ' Bryan repeated his plea for
the. South African republics and added a
few words personal to President Kruger.
Mr. Bryan arrived at Muskegron a few
minutes before 6 o'clock and here had
the • rtrst of his night meetings. He re
mained at that place for almost an hour
and addressed by far the largest audience
of the day up to that time. In his speech
at this place he referred at some length
to a report of a recent visit to Porto Rico
made by ex-Governor Pattlson of Penn
sylvania, - '
Mr. Bryan made two speeches In Grand
Rapids to-night. The first of these was
made in Campau Square and the crowd
covered almost the entire area. There
the Democratic Presidential candidate
made a comparatively brief speech; His
audience was vociferously demonstrative.
He then repaired to the Auditorium,
where he made the principal speech of the
evening. This hall seats 4000 people, and
not only was every seat taken, Wit every
available bit of standing room was occu
pied. Among those seated on the Btage
as vice presidents were a dozen or more
men who had supported Palmer and
Buckner in 18%. Among these were Ed
win F: Uhl, ex-Mlnister to Germany: C.
S. Hazeltine, ex-Consul to Milan* Chief
Justice Champlin, ex-Postmaster Carroll
and ex-Representative "White.
In his speech Mr. -Bryan discussed the
principal Issues of the campaign. In
speaking of the trusts he said: . .
"When election comes the trusts, con
trolling thousands of men, will offer them
the alternative of. voting the Republican
ticket or enforced idleness and destitu
tion. We have already had instances of
that. We have had men propose to their
employes that they should lay off and wait
until the election showed which party
would win before they could come back
to work. A man In Des Moines, Iowa, the
other day, who had charge of a shoe fac
tory, notified his men that he was afraid
ho could not continue in business if I was
elected, and so some Democrats organized
another shoe company and announced
that they would employ every discharged
workman at a 10 per cent advance if I
was elected. In your own State a furni
ture manufacturer notified his employes
that he would discharge them if they left
work to attend our meetings to-day, and
another man, a Democrat, tcld the men
that he would re-employ every man dis
charged because he wanted good Demo
crats.
"But. my friends, I only pive you this as
an Illustration of what Republicans will
resort to if they can aid the managers of
Brcat concerns to dictate the politics ot
the country. In 1S36 men boasted that they
would go Into bankruptcy if I was elect
ed. One firm In Wasnington, D. C, said
that If. I was elected It would not con
tinue in" business, and within a week after
election it went into bankruptcy, although
its own candidate was elected.
the opposite principle* of those which the
President had recommended a few week* be
fore. This Porto Rican bill Is now on our stat
ute books. Is a part of tha laws of our coun
try, baa tha sanction of our Government
and It embraces every one of the
principles that King George fought for one
hundred and thirty odd years ago. If tais bill
Is right then our fathers were wron*. if this
bill Is right, then the people of New England
owe It to yourselves and you owe It to man
kind, to tear down the monuments which cover
your hills and which tell of the glories of the
revolutionary fathers, for those monuments to
them tell and teach a lie.
If this Porto Rican Uw is right, then you owe
It to yourselves and you owe It to mankind, to
erect In the place of these monuments an altar
upon which to burn lncenaa to the memory of
King George. You may read history, you may
search the annals of man, and In no land, un
der do sun. and among no people, will you find
a parallel case. One trust magnate hurries from
New Tork to Washington and he compels the
Government of this mighty republic to face
about on a great question Involving the basic
principles of government. One trust magnate
was more mighty at Washington than the sen
timent of eighty millions of American people.
And yet In spite of ' this fearful object lesson.
In spite of this humiliating example, there are
men in this land to-day so lost to truth, so dead
to shame that for the sake of carrying an elec
tion, for the sake of getting some miserable
offices, they are willing to Insult the intelli
gence of the American people by telling them
that If they only re-elect Mr. McKlnley then
the trusts will be restrained. "But," sajs some
one, "do we not generously give back to Porto
Rico the money we collect from her In the form
of taxes?" This law makes that Industrious,
frugal and Independent people objects of char
ity In the sight of mankind. And we are not
even gentlemanly about that. We do not reach
into our own pockets and hand them our
money. "We use the power of this mighty re
public to take from them their hard-earned
dollar, their sweat and their blood, and then
we dole it back to them In the form of alms.
Now comes the President and tells us that he
Is gotns to give our colonies the blessings of
civilization and good government, and our ex
perience thus far Is an illustration of what good
government means. Some time ago they wanted
a man to manage the finances of the Postal
Department In Cuba, and they sent out and got
an Ohio politician, whose only recommendation,
so far as we can learn, wan that he had helped
Mark Hanna steal a Senatorshlp In Ohio. An 1
he managed the finances of the Cuoar.s so w!l
that after a few months there was no money
left 'or tnybody else to manage.
Now they have htm indicted, but his lawyers
laugh, and say that there is no law under which
he can be punished. After our CtvU War we
had an experience in giving good government
to the South by means of carpet-bassers, and
the decent people of the North finally got so
ashamed of it that they rose up and wiped It
out, and It took that country nearly a genera
tion to recover from the debts and burdens
with which the carpet-baggers had covered
their lands.
The principle is at fault. The principle of
brute force Js twin sister to corruption. They
have come hand in hand down the ages. They
will go hand in hand until the final triumph of
Justice and equality shall drive them from the
earth.
Governor Altgeld was forced to hold an
Informal levee before leaving the hall.
The students offered up the Yale cheer In
his honor.
Says Porto Ricans
Were Not Treated
Fairly.
Former Governor of
Illinois Addresses
Yale Democrats.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— General Ben
jamin Harrison gave out an In
terview and statement to-nlgbL
He vu asked:
"Is It true that you have con
sented to make some speeches In the cam
paign?"
"No. that statement has not been au
thorized by me," ¦was his answer.
"I have said to every one who haa
tpoken or written me on the Etbject that
I eould not do any more campaign work.
I began to make Republican speeches the
year I began to vote and have had a
laborious, if unimportant, ran In every
carepaigm. State and national, since, until
IS9S. In 1S96 I submitted myself to very
hard usage and then made up my mind
and so said to my friends that I wouH
do no more campaigning. Following: this
conclusion I declined to take a speaking
part in the campaign of 1S9S. My retire
ment dates from that year, not from this.
Few men have made more speeches for
their party than I have and no ex-PresI
dent. I am sure. haj» made more. Since
I left Washington my retirement from all
participation In party management has
been complete. All that 1 have left to
others, and I think they have very gen
erally and kindly accepted my sense of
the proprieties- of the case — at least be
tween campaigns. In a word I have va
cated the choir loft and taken a seat la
the pews— with a deep sense of gTatitude
to my forbearing: fellow-cour.trymen."
"But. general, it is said that you are
not altogether in accord with your
party?"
"Well. I have heard that my silence was
imj>uto<i by some to that cause. Now the
only public utterance I have made in crit
icism of the policies of the party was con
tained in the interview, consisting; of one
rather short sentence that 1 gave to the
newspapers while the Porto Rico bill was
rending. It was. in substance, that I re
garded the Mil as a grave departure from
rtjrht principles. I still think so. I don t
believe that the legislative power of Con
gress in the territories is absolute— and
J do believe that the revenue clause re
lating: to duties and imposts applies to
I'orto Rico. These views I know are not
held by many able lawyers. It Is a legal
question— one that the political depart
ments of the Government cannot fully
adjudg-e. The final and controlling word
upon this question is with the Supreme
Court of the I'nited States. Cases involv
ing the question-are. 1 understand, peno-
Ir.jf, and a decision in which we all must
acquiesce cannot be much deferred I
think, therefore, that voters oujrht to vot«
with a view to the right decision of those
questions that are directly ao<i finally in
control of the President and Congress.
"The peneral reasons I gave in mv Car
rogie Hall «pe*ch in 1SS6 why Mr. 'Bryan
should not be elected will hold good with
me. His election would. I think, throw
Supreme Court Alone
Can Settle Porto
Rican Question.
Former President's
Position on Issues
of the Day.
HARRISON SAY5 BRYAN
WOULD CAUSE CONFUSION
ALTGELD'S ATTACK ON
THE ADMINISTRATION
GENERAL HARRISON AND GOVERNOR ALTGELD DIFFER ON THE PORTO RICO SITUATION
THE SAJS r FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, ' 1SJUU.
ROOSEVELT IS HIT
ON THE SHOULDER
Continued From First Page.
2
Jhe £)ay 9 s £>ead
- - - - j
PTTSrl TLTT Tl
ihe HI into
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.)
THE MOST RELIABLE CLOTHES
THE MOST RELIABLE PRICES
THE VERY LATEST STYLES
Exclusive
High-Grade
Clothiers
STEIJC-BLOCH CO.'S
HACKETT, CARHART
& CO.'S
CELEBRATED
STYLISH CLOTHES
FOR THIS SEASON,
READY-TO-PUT-ON-
THE-MOMENT- J3B»
"~>rr YOU-WANT-THEM.
; PARAGON PANTS'
ONLY HERE.
127 KEARNY ST.
SJOU THURLOW BLOCK.
ADVE JtTISElJENTS.
our
$1.35
hats
• Don't judge the
styles by the price. Our
$1.35 hat is not a cheap
styled hat. The same
blocks are shown at this
price as are shown- in
$3 and S5 hats. -V;^
The difference is in
the felt, the dye and the
.Our $1.35 hats won't last as
long u a 55 hat, but three of them
will outlast any hat made to sell *t
Better pay less and hare a new
— all new shades tnd shapes
Specialists
ffi -j for
• \ if STRICTLY RELIABLE
DR. TALC0T7 '& CO.
997 Market St. Cor. 6th Stof the other robberies of the last two
years, and when his home was searched
much stolen property. was recovered. Then
Beebe broke down and admitted that he
had committed all of the burglaries that
had so long puzzled local officials and
citizens.
Public sympathy goes out to Mrs. Beebe
and her children. She has taught in the
public schcol here for the past two years,
and recently was re-elected for the pres
ent term. The couple have two very
bright children.
SANTA ROSA. Oct 10.— This was Marin
and Southern Sonoma day at the fair.
Two big trainloads of excursionists ar
rived from the south at 10 o'clock, headed
t-y the Sausallto band and the cadets from
the Mount Tamalpais Military Academy,
and from all parts of, the county visitors
continued to arrive all day long. The
stock parade took place this afternoon.
Many fine animals were shown. A herd
of imported red polled cattle— the only
one of Its kind In the State — the property
of W. D. Reynolds, attracted particular
attention.
Visitors Throng Santa Rosa.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 10.— Vice President
Thomas E. Gibbon of the Terminal Is
home after an absence of several weeks,
and brings the Information that until aft
er the general election in November noth
ing further Is to be done in perfecting the
details for the incorporation of the pro
posed Los Ang-eles and Salt Lake Rail
road. Mr. Gibbon said to-day that ex-Sen
ator W. A. Clark was much interested In
the outcome In Montana, and R. C. Ke
rens was equally engaged in affairs po
litical as a member of the executive com
mittee of the Republican National Com
mittee.
"Some of our people held a meeting In
Chicago last week. said Mr. Gibbon,
"where the whole situation was gone
over. We expect to obtain at the hands
of the people of Salt Lake City the termi
nal grounds that we desire. There was
present at the Chicago meeting, among
others. ex-Senator W. A. Clark, J. Rosa
Clark. President Leighton and Mr. Ke
rens. Just when we shall Incorporate has
not yet been definitely decided, although
I feel safe in saying that the active work
of construction will begin at this end of
the new line. Later the work will be
rushed from Salt Lake City westward.
We hope to have no trouble in obtaining
in Salt Lake City what we have asked
for, and that fact will expedite matters
very materially."
a Month.
Incorporation of v the Los Angeles-
Salt Lake Company Delayed
RAILWAY PROMOTERS
AWAIT THE Trr.rr.TTnw
VANCOUVER. Oct. 10.— The Canadian
Department of Marine and Fisheries" has
rejected the proposal of the United States
Government to erect a salmon hatche.-.
on the Fraser River, in Canadian terri
tory. The Canadian Minister of Marine
thoi'ght this was meant as an interference
with Canadian rights and refused to rec
ognize it. In his refusal he is not careful
cf the language he uses in speaking of a
neighboring Government's friendiy offer,
which he styles an "absurd scheme."
The American Government several years
ago announctd its willingness to appro
priate at least a portion of the amount
required for the erection of a salmon
hatchery to aid In replenishing the salmon
supply of Puget Sound. This is fed by the
Fraser River from the Canadian side. It
was first suggested that some tributary
01 the Fraser in the State of Washington
be useel as a location for the hatchery,
but this was found to be impracticable,
as the hatchery would of necessity be too
far up the stream if it were kept in Amer
ican territory- Then the American au
thorities proposed that if the Canadian
department were willing they would ex
pend their money on the Fraser River on
the Canadian side of the boundary line,
as there is would be most beneficial to the
salmon Industry on the American side In
Puget Sound.
Although this offer to expend money
outside of the State was a new departure,
it was thought best by the American au
thorities to co-operate with the Canners'
Association of British Columbia. Th«
canners put the proposition before thG
Canadian Government and the Minister of
Marine has replied that his department
would take no part In the "absurd
scheme." +
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ment of Coast Salmon Streams
Pinds No Favor at
Ottawa.
American Plan for the Replenish-
STYLES IT AN "ABSURD SCHEME"
Declines to Co-operate in
the Building ol Fisb
Hatcheries.
CANADA CURTLY
REJECTS UNCLE
SAM'S PROPOSAL
Drink ''Rainier," only beer ; on Paclfla
Coast that received a medal at Paris Ex
position; awarded for purity and quality.*
Charles Phipps^ of Sacramento Shot
Z-;<^ While Hunting.
SACRAMENTO. OcL lO.-In an accident
a few miles south of the city this evening
Phlpps. the 14-year-old son of S.
It. Phlpps, lost his life. . Mr. and Mrs.
Phipps left this morning for San Fran
cisco with a party of Shrlners for a trip
to Honolulu.
After the departure of ; his parents
Phipps and a boy named Greer went hunt
ing. The latter' s gun was accidentally/
discharged, the. contents taking effect in
Phipps 1 groin. Young Greer carried his
dying companion on his shoulders to the
house of Farmer Swanston,- who har
nessed a horse and took the boys to town.
Phlpps died soon after reaching the city.
BOY ACCIDENTALLY KILLED.
ployed on the 600-foot level of the Great
United Verde copper mine noticed the
ground giving 1 way over their heads at
1 o'clock this morning. The alarm was
immediately given and in a short time the
300 men employed in the mine were taken
to the surface without injury.
At 8 o'clock this morning: the sink had
extended in succession to the various
levels of the mine until the top was
reached, the sunken ground showing that
about 300 feet square had been affected.
The railroad, with a trainload of cars
was lowered ten feet. The large machine'
boiler and blacksmith shops were badly
damaged. The foundry also was lowered
ten feet. "Work Is in progress repairing
the damage. Additional men are belnir
advertised for. o*** s ¥ganfe^,s
Railroad and Shops Lowered Ten
Feet by a Sinking of the
Elarth.
JEROME, Ariz,, Oct. 10.— Miners em-
GREAT UNITED VERDE
COPPER MINE DAMAGED
SONOMA". Oct. 10.— The fair for the ben
efit of St. Francis . Church opened here
to-night. .Union Hall .with its bright dec
orations and • gayly ' trimmed booths -pre
sented an - attractive scene: To-morrow
night "Billy" Hines of San Francisco will
assist in a minstrel, performance. \ • . ..
. ¦¦¦¦_. -.•-.¦
Sonoma's Catholic Fair.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. lO.-County Treas
urer T. J. Fallon to-day sold the $7000
worth of : school bonds voted some time
ago 'by 'the residents of Tiburon for $7352.
The' extensive school improvements" con
templated at that place may now be com
menced immediately. *
Tiburon School Bonds Sold.
VANCOUVER, Oct. 10.— The steamer
Monte Cristo, the_ largest river steamer
on the Stlckine, was wrecked last Thurs
day 200 miles from the mouth of the river.
She was coming down from Hazleton with
fifty passengers — miners from the Omineca
country, employed by the S. A- Single
hurst Company of New York— and struck
a rock in midstream. The weather had
been warm and the overflowing mountain
streams had swollen the river. The rock
was out of the usual course, the steamer
being carried on to it by the swift cur
rent at a turn in the stream. v A hole 20
feet long. was ripped in the boat.
When the water fell 'during the night
the rpek came up through the steamer's
deckp ; as ' she settled down and the boat
is now practically a total wreck. Her
cargo, which consisted mostly of ore, was
put ashore. The loss is covered by insur
ance of $30,000.
Bringing Passengers From
Hazleton.
Steamer Monte Cristo Wrecked Whlla
STRIKES ON A ROCK
IN STICKINE RIVEB
The opening services were led by Mrs.
C. V. Kummer. Then followed an address
of welcome by Rev. S. J. Carroll, Mrs.
Mary M. Cronemlller and Mrs. W. C.
Sherman, and a response by Mrs. L. C.
Spencer.
The treasurer, Mrs. J. L. Parmelee, re
ported receipts from the several confer
ences for the year as follows: Southern
California Conference, $8561; California
Conference, $6316: Nevada Conference,
$232; Arizona Conference, $27; Fucnau
(China) Conference, $33: German Confer
ence in California, $428; miscellaneous,
$1040. Total. $16,638. Disbursements for
the year, $15,225. $.
The afternoon session was devoted prin
cipally to the reading of reports of the
various conference secretaries. .V-,
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 10— The twelfth
annual meeting of the Pacific branch of
the "Women's Foreign Missionary Society
of the Methodist Episcopal Church, opened
to-day with divine services at the Sixth
street M. E. Church.
vention at Sacramento.
Methodist * Women in A-n-nnnl Con-
PLANNING MISSION WORK.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 10.— At the Agricultural
Fair to-day an immense crowd witnessed
the bull fight, which was really a tarn© af
fair, as precautions had been '. taken to
prevent accidents In deference to the at
titude' of the Humane Society. The , ani
mals were fierce looking, but not danger
ous, and it was easy for the matadors to
keep out of their way. : Francisco Sanchez
displayed - the most nerve and skill and
was awarded the prize of $50. In the con
test of picking up small articles from the
ground while riding, B. ; Gruwell won. .
Bull Fight a Tame Affair.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 10.—
The Stanford University Republican Club
has accepted an Invitation from th? May
field McKinley Club to attend a rally, to
be held in Mayfield next Saturday nlghi.
The college club will attend en masse,
under the leadership of President J. T.
Nourse, '00. Frank McGowan of San
Francisco will deliver the principal ad
dress.
Students to Attend a Rally.
I SAN DIKGO, Oct. 10.— The largest meet
ing thus far held In San Diego during this
campaign was addressed to-night by Gov
ernor Gage, whose carefully prepared ar
gument on the Republican side of the
questions of imperialism and militarism,
which the speaker characterized as hol
low sounds, was frequently interrupted by
applause.
• The Governor arrived on the noon, train,
having been met at Oceanside by mem
bers of the reception committee, which
had carefully planned for his coming and
for the meeting to-night. Hundreds of
citizens of both parties were gathered at
the N-street depot when the train ar
rived and the chief executive of the State
was warmly welcomed to the southern
most city of the commonwealth of which
he is the Governor. In a parade he was
escorted from the depot to the Hotel
Rrewster by citizens on foot and in car
riages. At the hotel the reception com
mittee had arranged luncheon, at which
a number of the Republican party leaders
sat down with" the speaker. A reception
followed, during which the corridor of the
hotel was filled with visitors of all par
ties. Later in the afternoon Mr. Gage
was gaken on a drive about the city, re
turning to the hotel In time to prepare
for the meeting this evening.
Fireworks and a band concert preceded
the opera-house meeting and when Sena
tor A. E. Nutt was Introduced as chair
man the house was crowded. Mr. Gage
spoke from manuscript, explaining that
he had prepared his argument as he would
prepare to speak to a jury whose minds
he desired to convince. Only once or twice
did he permit himself to turn aside from
the manuscript, and then only to answer
some criticisms of the particular, portion
of the speech which he was then reading.
He spoke on reciprocity and in an hour
and a half completed the best and most
argumentative address which has been
heard here during this or any recent cam
paign.
The Governor will leave to-morrow for
Riverside, where he will speak on Friday
night. -
State's Executive.
SAN DIEGANS WELCOME GAGE.
Logical Speech Delivered by the
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 10.-J. Green & Co.,
proprietors of a carriage repository, hava
»f-^n robbed of $325. On Thursday of last
tvr-^'k Mr. Green was unable to open his
rafe, the combination refusing to work.
resterday it was opened by a locksmith
-snd it was found that $325 in cash was
ntffslns.
Santa Cruz Safe Robbed.
LOP ANGELES. Oct. 10.— At the tenth
>nr.u:il session r>f the Southern California
Homeopathic Medical Association to-day
the following officers were elected for the
rr.puing year: President, Dr. W. L. Stiles
of San Bernardino; first vice president.
5. H. Boynton cf Los Angeles; second vice
president, M. B. Averill of San Diego;
secretary and treasurer, T. A. Brainard
t-f Los Angeles.
Eomeopathists Elect Officers.
Woodland's Busy Firebug.
WOODLAND, Oct. 10.— The people of
Woodland are 1 thoroughly aroused by the
crimes of an incendiary. Another barn
v/as destroyed ! by lire at 2 o'clock this
morning. The frequency of these fires
and the fact that they invariably occur
In buildings which are not frequented by
anybody leaves no doubt that there is
some person or persons in Woodland af
f.'.cted with a mania for starting confla
grations.
Preliminary Carno* Debates.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 10.-
Flnal arrangements for holding the Car
not preliminaries have been~perfected by
the student debating committee. Twenty
men are entered in the contest and four
debates will be held, ;,;
Varied Entertainment to Be Given in
a Worthy Cause.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. lO.-An event of
more than passing interest will be the
garden party and concert to be given on
the grounds of the Dominican College
next Saturday afternoon and evening.
Having, for its object a worthy cause—
the benefit of the convent— and being ar
ranged and conducted by the best people
of Maaiu County. Its success is assured.
Not the least interesting part will be
that taken by the children. There will
be booths for the sale of candy, cigars
and Ice cream, as well as lunch tables,
wheels of fortune and Rrabbags. afford
ing amusement for young and old. Elab
orate decorations will be made around
the grounds and every care and atten
tion will be given toward entertaining
patrons and making the affair the success
anticipated.
SAN RAFAEL GARDEN PARTY.
Ends, but Parents Take Up
the Fight.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 10.— The high
school strike, resulting from Superin
tendent Perham's order that the stu
dents must enter the school building by a
side door, the' main entrance being re
served for teachers and visitors, has been
called off. The attendance to-day was the
same as yesterday, about one-eighth of
th*» total number. Most of the students
held a meeting and passed these resolu
tions:
We, the students of the San Bernardino High
School, desire to make the following; state
ments:
First— That we never had nor do we now en
tertain any desire or Inclination to usurp
school authority or Interfere with school dis
cipline.
' Second— That, nevertheless, we believe we are
rntitled to certain privileges, and that among
those privileges should be that allowing ub to
enter the school building: through Us regularly
constructed entrance, the front door, and we
are upheld in this matter by our parent*. With
these statements we leave our cause for.opin
ion and action In the hands of every representa
tive citizen of tVie community, and only ask
that justice be done to those who deserve it.
The students then voted to return to
school to-morrow morning, but to enter
under protest.
To-night S00 people, including children
and parents, assembled and passed reso
lutions in which they commended the pu
pils for returning to school, urged the
Board of Education to investigate and
have the obnoxious rule abolished, and
voted that a committee of five be appoint
ed to take action by law if necessary to
have the front door opened to the pupils.
Papers were drawn up this afternoon to
mandamus the board to open the front
door.
FRONT DOOR MUST BE
OPENED TO STUDENTS
San Bernardino High School Strike
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS' ANGELES, Oct. 10.— The popular
ity of the Southern California Women's
Parliament was attested at the session
this morning, when a motion to disband
the organization was made. Ever since
the parliament convened yesterday morn
ing rumors had been afloat that some of
the members were in favor of disbanding
and merging the movement into that of
the State Federation. There was much
suppressed excitement throughout the
session of yesterday, and a large number
of the women who believe that the par
liament should be an organization distinct
from the federation were prepared to
work earnestly to that end.
Mrs. Kate Tupper Galpin arose this
morning and moved that the parliament
should adjourn sine die, there being an
animated discussion. It did not take long
to prove that the motion was very unpop
ular. It met overwhelming defeat.
A matter which has come before the
Women's Parliament is that of the King's
Daughters' Day Nursery of Los Angeles,
and although there were other interesting
subjects for discussion there was none
that received more favorable considera
tion. The day nursery Is a local charita
ble institution, which for years has been
struggling to accomplish a class of phi
lanthropic -work that is not touched by
the more pretentious charities, and It has
received the commendation of many who
believe that to save the child from the
temptations of the street is to make good
citizens of those who would otherwise be
exposed to the forces that develop crim
inal lives.
Mrs. Mary Porter Haynes of Prospect
Park read a paper beginning with a gen
eral outline of such work as carried out
in the various large cities of the world.
Coming to the local necessities, she told
of the recent gift of property which would
enable the managers later to own a nur
sery of their own, and urged that steps
be taken looking to the establishment of
a children's hospital in Los Angeles. ,
Southern California Women Vote
Down a Proposal to Merge
With the State Fed
eration.
REFUSE TO DISBAND
THEIR PARLIAMENT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Oct. 10.— The first filings on
Colville reservation lands, which were
opened to homestead at noon to-day, were
made here by John W. Falls, represent
ing a British Columbia syndicate. He
filed soldiers' additional homestead scrip,
under which immediate title is possible,
on more than 400 acres in one tract. The
land is on the Kettle River and is in
tended to be platted as a townslte. Falls
was at the head of a line of thirteen men
at noon at the local land office. The
other twelve filings offered here were for
straight homesteads. No reports of dis
order have reached here from any part
of the reserve.
Miss Elizabeth E. Beecroft made a nine
mile horseback ride in fifty-nine minutes
to make a filing with a Land Commis
sioner at Republic. Twenty-five filings
were made at that city and there were
several contests.
At Bossburg and Marcus, the principal
points of entrance to the Colville reser
vation, the ferries were busy all last
night taking homeseekers across the
Columbia. Indian Agent Anderson ha«
been along the border for several days,
but no attempt was made to eject "soon
ers," as it was realized that it would have
been impossible. The general rule has
been observed that settlers were not re
quired to stay off the reservation, but
might camp anywhere near the coveted
quarter-sections.
A Grand Forks special says that 500
claimants are after 120 desirable quarter
sections along the Kettle River in that
vicinity. A piece of land adjoining the
town of Nelson, Wash., is claimed by six
men.
One Young Woman Rides Nine Miles
on Horseback in Less Than '
an Hour to Win a Cov
eted Tract.
HOME-SEEKERS FILE
ON COLVILLE LAND
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. lO.-Greater
progress was made in the Mitchell mur
der case to-day than was expected. Be
fore noon a jury had been sworn in and
the taking of testimony commenced.
William Mitchell, the prosecuting wit
ness, occupied a seat within the railing
during the entire proceedings, and fre
quently conferred with the prosecuting
attorneys. It is noticeable that the old
man has failed physically within the last
few months, owing, as he states, to his
being constantly on guard to protect his
life. Mitchell has not been placed on the
witness stand as yet. but the prosecution
announced this afternoon that it probably
would close Its case by to-morrow noon,
as it had only two more witnesses to ex
amine — Dr. Ross and William Mitchell.
When Mitchell testifies he will positively
identify Ehlers as the man who killed
his wife.
Deputy Coroner Claude Fox testified to
day to having visited the Mitchell and
lmsand premises on the morning of July
5 in company with the Coroner's jury and
Sheriff Mansfield. He found the bodies of
Elizabeth and David Mitchell lying beside
the hog pen in the Mitchell yard. Both
were fully clothed. That of David was
on its back and the body of Elizabeth
lay face downward. The latter was cov
ered with a canvas and some old hay.
There was a bullet wound in the region
of the heart. In company with the Sher
iff, Fox went to the lmsand premises.
Entering the kitchen he searched the
stove and found in the ashes a discharged
32-40 caliber Winchester cartridge. The
Sheriff picked up a sjmilar one from the
floor. He returned to the Mitchell place
and assisted Dr. J. I*. Ross in making
a post mortem examination.
In the hog pen the witness found a bul
let hole having its entrance on the side
toward the lmsand house and its exit on
the Mitchell place. The bullet had pro
ceeded from the direction of the kitchen
window of the lmsand house. He found
another bullet hole near by, and concluded
it had come from a small window near the
kitchen door of the same place.
Thomas O'Malley and John Roper testi
fied that they saw William Mitchell on
the night of July 4, about 9:30 o'clock,
and that he had a rifle with him at the
time.
Sheriff J. H. Mansfield testified that on
the 7th or 9th of July he had made an ex
amination of an outhouse back of the
lmsand dwelling and found two 32-40 Win
chester rifles rolled up in sacks and hid
den away. He had a conversation with
William Mitchell regarding the murders.
Mitchell told him the men who did the
shooting were in the kitchen window of
the Imrand house, and had a rifle resting
on the window sill. He saw two men
standing there, describing 1 Lemoscher as
"the man with bushy whiskers" and
Ehlers as the man who lived in a house
close by, pointing It out. Mitchell said
eight or ten shots were fired from the
same direction.
An effort was made by the defense to
get before the jury details of former dif
ficulties between Mitchell and lmsand,
when twenty or thirty shots were fired
by the men at one another, but this was
objected to. •
Selection of a Jury to Try Caesar
Ehlsrs Completed and Most of
the Evidence for the Prose
cution Presented.
WITNESSES TELL OF
THE COLMA TRAGEDY
Mysterious Death of Ah Kim at the
San Pedro Shrimp-Fishing
Camp.
SAX RAFAEL, Oct. 10.— Ah Kim, a
member of the Point San Pedro shrimp
fishing colony, has disappeared. Several
of the Chinese there say he was drowned
in the bay during a heavy squall and
that he was struck on the back before he
went overboard. How or with what he
was injured they profess not to know.
Twenty dollars has been offered for the
recovery of his body. Local officials be
lieve Ah Kim was murdered and that hid
fellow-countrymen are endeavoring to
prevent the facts coming to light. Deputy
Constable John Smith la of the opinion
that if the body is recovered a mortal
wound will be found in the back. The
wily Celestials are taking time by the
forelock by declaring Kim was injured
before the capsizing of his craft, so they
will be In a better position should the
body be found.
There has always been s.:rife between
the factions at the shrimp camps. They
adjust their own differences and officers
of the law are never called upon to Inter
fere in their quarrels. They maintain a
small China of their own— government,
courts and all.
A Chinese with the body of a man In his
small boat came to the wharf at San
Quentin this afternoon. George Guldager.
an employe of. the North Pacific Coast
Railroad, notified Coroner Eden, who left
for the point to take charge of the re
mains. When he arrived the Chinese had
disappea^bd. From what the men saw
of the body it appeared to be that of a
white man and had been In the water
some time. However, it is probable that
the body is that of Ah Kim. and that it
has been taken to Point San Pedro, where
it will be buried as secretly as possible.
m
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 10.— ThomM C. MorrU.
a teamster, was struck on the heal by a piece
of timber which fell from his wagon this after
noon and instantly killed, his skull being
crushed. He was formerly a resident of *V1
salia. He is survived by a. wife and four chil
dren.
CHINESE BELIEVED TO
HAVE BEEN MURDERED
to the town. For the past two years resi
dence after residence has been entered by
a burglar, and several business places
have been robbed. During all that time
not the slightest clew was left behind by
the mysterious thief until last week, when
the diligence of Constable Wall resulted
in the arrest of Beebe as he was going to
Los Angeles to dispose of the proceeds of
a recent midnight raid. When he con
fessed having stolen the articles found in
his wagon, it Was at once surmised that
he was the culprit who had committed all
Quentin Prison, and the property
owners of Corona 'are rejoicing that his
two years' career of petty thievery has
been brought to' a close. Beebe was ar
raigned before Superior Judge Noyee at
Riverside yesterday and entered a plea of
guilty to the charge of burglary preferred
against him' by Charles W. Main of Co
rona. The prisoner meekly appealed to
the mercy of the court, but Judge Noyes
sentenced him to five years' imprison
ment in San Quentin. To-day Sheriff Co
burn started northward with Beebe to
place him behind the walls of Warden
Agulrre's hostelry.
The arrest and conviction of Beebe are
still the sensation of the hour in Corona
and vicinity. Since he came to the town
two years ago he, until his arrest on Sat
urday, was regarded as an honest, up
right citizen. A prominent member of the
First Baptist Church, he for two years
played the role of pious hypocrite and no
one In the town suspected his real charac
ter. In tracing a long series of burglaries
to Beebe Constable Wall showed detective
ability of a high order.
Beebe's thievery began with his advent
CORONA, Oct. 10.— E. A. Beebe,
leading churchman, prominent
citizen and self-confessed bur
glar, is now on his way to San
Special Dispatch to The Call.
His Rascality Uncovered
by the Shrewd Work
of a Constable,
Committed Many Crimes
and Eluded Officers
for Two Years,
Prisoner Meekly Appeals
to the Mercu of the
Lourii -
Corona's Erstwhile Honored Citizen and Leading Churchman
Sentenced M Superior Judge Noues at Riverside.
f "... . ! -'. •>-. - . ¦ ¦ ....... '¦¦: ¦¦:
TUCSON, Ariz.. Oct. 10.— George Owlnts.
a member of the gang of bandits that
held up the Arizona and New Mexico
train at Falrbank several months ago,
made a confession of guilt to-day during
the trial of Brown, one of the leaders of
the band. Owints said that Burt Alvord.
who was then a peace officer at Wilcox,
organized the gang and planned several
hold-ups, of which that at Fairbank was
the first. Bravo Juan was named as cap
tain and had charge of the robbery. The
gang was composed of Alvord, Stiles,
Burts, Brown, the Owints brothers and
"Three-Finger Jack." Alvord was after
ward found to be. the man who planned
and carried out the Cochise robbery of a
Southern Pacific train, and he told Owints
that it was easy to prove alibis, as he had
a dozen men in Wilcox who would go on
the stand and testify to save them in case
arrests were made.
The story of Owints created a sensation
in court, as Brown is the first of the train
robbers to come up for trial. The confes
sion was a complete story. It was told
with graphic effect; every detail and cir
cumstance were given— the days of plan
ning, the craftiness of Burt Alvord in pro
viding protection for the men who were
to take part in the affair and the prepara
tion for the first nefarious work of the
hand. There was not a word lost by the
jury or the crowd in the room.
George Owints and Louis Owints were
arrested with Alvord. Stiles. Bravo Juan,
Downing. Burts. Brown and "Three-Fin
ger Jack" soon after the Fairbank rob
bory. Very little was known of the
Owints brothers, and but for the confes
sion made by "Three-Finger Jack" when
he was found dying upon the trail of the
fleeing bandits after the hold-up these
men probably would not have been sus
pected.
Owints told of the part taken by Al
vord; how he organized the gang and
commissioned Bravo Juan its captain.
Every possible protection was afforded.
Alvord looked after all preparation, but
lie remained behind and let the others do
the work.
Owints described the hold-up. .He even
repeated the words uttered, showing that
remarkably retentive memory th»t is pos
sessed only by men who live on the
ranges. He says the bandits met at the
house of Brown at Pearce. From there
they rode over to Dragoon Mountains and
camped for the night. There the band
was organized with Bravo Juan as cap
tain. Gathered in the recess of a canyon,
with the flickering campfire throwing
weird shadows about, these desperate men
took an oath to kill the first one who
showed fc-ar when the crisis came. Hav
ing completed their arrangements, they
lay down to sleep.
On the morning of the 15th they pre
pared to start. The party divided, to re
unite in the river bottom a few miles be
low Fairbank. There the outlaws waited
for night and the coming of the train.
The story of the flopping of the train,
the shooting of "Three-Finger Jack" by
Messenger Milton and the wounding of
Milton by Brown is a story which has
been published many times. The gang
was trailed, and when "Three-Finger
Jack" was found he gave the names of
his associates out of revenge for their
leaving him to die on the trail.
The robbers were captured and placed
in Tombstone jail. "Billy" Stiles, who
also had given evidence against his com
panions, was allowed the freedom of the
jail. One day he shot Jailer Braven and
released Alvord and Bravo Juan. Stiles,
after being free two months, came in and
gave himself up. Alvord and Bravo Juan
are the only members of the gang not
captured. All the train robbers are in jail
here, and the confession of Owints means
the conviction of each.
Following the confession. George Owints
and his brother Louis pleaded guilty to
the charges against them.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
Raid on the Southern Pacific Over
land Planned by Burt Alvord,
Then an Official at
Wilcox.
DESCRIBES FAIRBANK HOLD-UP
Train Robber George Owints
Makes Full Confession
in Court.
PEACE OFFICER
LED ARIZONA'S
OUTLAW BAND
SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 10.— The bat
tleship Wisconsin arrived this forenoon.
She has nearly her" full armament in
place and is prepared for the trial trip
to-morrow morning. The Wisconsin left
San Francisco at noon yesterday, arriv
ing: off Point Conception at S o'clock this
morning, having slowed down four hours
6n account of the fog. There she took
the trial speed course and ran over it
thirty-two miles in contract time. From
the east beacon of the course to the Santa
Barbara light beacon she steamed much
in excess of contract speed for a distance
of four knots. In an Interview this after
noon Irving M. Scott said:
'"We had a line trip down. Everything
was simply perfect. She is certainly one
of the best boats the Union Iron Works
ever turned out. We are only required
to make sixteen knots, but we will not be
able to hold the engines down to that.
The Wisconsin will leave at 8 o'clock a.
m. to-morrow, the weather permitting, for
the trial speed trip, which is four hours,
full steam ahead, at a rate of sixteen
knots. This la one knot more than was
required of the Oregon, which, however,
made a spurt during the trial, reaching
seventeen and ftfteen-hundredths knots.
It is expected that th* Wisconsin will do
nearly as well, though she Is 1000 tons
heavier and no premium is offered for ex
cess speed as in the case of the Oregon."
Captain F. A. Pellsbury of the Pacific
Mail line will command the Wisconsin. In
place of Captain Minor Goodall. who has
always commanded the Union Iron Works
ships before. Robert Fcrsythe is chief
engineer. Admiral Kautz and staff will
go aboard early to-morrow morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Irving M. Scott Confident the Ore
gon's Record Will Be Badly
Beaten in the Official
Test To.-Day.
EXCEEDS HER CONTRACT SPEED
READY FOR THE
TRIAL TRIP OF
THE WISCONSIN
Battleship Makes Fast Time
on the Run to Santa
Barbara.
FIVE YEARS IN SAN QUENTIN
IS BURGLAR BEEBE'S FATE
SOCIAL LEADERS
OF SAN JOSE IN
DIVORCE COURT
Dr. Robert E. Pierce Piles
Suit lor' a Legal Sep
aration.
WEDDED TWENTY YEARS AGO
Stockton Woman Accuses Her Hus
band of a Peculiar Form of
Cruelty.
STOCKTON", Oct. 10.— After thirty years
rtf married life Mary Loripan was to-day
divorced from Michael L/)rigan. Both are
old residents of this city and they have
a lar;e family. The case came up for
triai In Judge Budds court. Mrs. Lorigan
deelart-u that her husband, whenever he
brought any food supplies home, satisfied
his own hunger and then locked what was
left in his own room, lie had a little
cellar of his own. in wnich he kept every
thing under lock" and key. Mrs. Lorigan
saiil she did not earn enough to keep her
ec-lf in the last few years.
The caf was submitted without argu
meat. Judge Budd granted the divorce
intJ made an order dividing the property
t<iu:illy, the husband paying the costs.
PIVOHCED THIRTY YEARS
AFTER THEIR MARRIAGE
Neighbor of a Los Ang-eles Physician
Causes His Arrest on a Fel
ony Charge.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 10.— Dr. W. A.
Duntcn. whose office is on Spring street.
was arrested by a Deputy Constable on
a. misdemeanor warrant this morning a:id
taken to the Police Station, where he was
ick-a.^ed his own recognizance.
Dr. Dooton and his wife have not been
3:\;:;^ together lor the past four months.
He is charged with having failed to pro
vide bis wife juid children with the neees-
Bartea of life. Mrs. Dunton alleges thai
wh> n her husband left he took all th<*
furniture, leaving her destitute. She then
purchased a few necessary articles from
Wrijrht & Turner, but as she could not
I a;, for them they were peized under ai-
ULfiusent last evening and the house at
1614 Cheny street cleared of everything
but a single mattress. It is alleged that
Mrs Dunton and her child have been de
pendent upon the charity of neighbors
for v.ooks. and last night, when it was
learned that the furniture had been
'¦ [zed, a neighbor swore to a complaint.
Dr. Dunton enters a general denial to the
charge-
ACCUSED OF FAILURE
TO SUPPORT HIS WIFE
coolness between the doctor and his wife
and a possible recourse to the divorce
court. It was taid that Mrs. Pierce would
take the initial step, but it now develops
that the doctor made the first move. A
couple of months ago Mrs. Pierce packed
her belongings and took apartments at
the Hotel Vendome. where she Is now
stopping. Dr. Pierce occupies his home
Jit the corner of Second and St. James
streets.
The Pierces were married twenty years
ajro in the East. There are no children.
He is possessed of considerable wealth,
and it is said a division of this has been
agreed to. Mrs. Pierce, before her mar
riage, was Miss Frances Parker. She
comes of an old and influential family of
Massachusetts.
About fifteen years ago Dr. Pierce came
to San Jose. He built up a large prac
tice, and he and his wife were warmly
received In high society. No social func
tion was complete without their presence.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 10.— Dr. Robert E.
Pierce, one of the most prominent physi
cians of this city, has sued his wife,
Frances P. Pierce, for divorce on statu
tory grounds. The action was filed on
September 15, but so well has the fact
been guarded that !t has only just leaked
out.
For the past couple of years there has
been^V whlpper In polite society of a
Facial Dispatch to The Call.
Division of His Property Believed to
Have Been Agreed To and the
Action May Not Bo
Contested.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA£L,, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1900.
CORONA CHURCHMAN WHO HAS JUST BEEN SENTENCED TO SAN
QUENTIN FOR BURGLARY, AND THE OFFICER WHOSE SAGACITY
LED TO HIS ARREST AND CONVICTION.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The old proverb; *To be at peace
1>rej«ire for war," is the secret of the
arger part of life's successes, whether
of nations or individuals.
The difference between the healthy,
happy mother who has healthy children
to nurse and nourish, and the weak,
nervous mother, with a weakling child,
is mostly a difference of preparation.
The forest preparative for motherhood
is Dr. i'icrce's Favorite Prescription. It
tnnq::ili7?s the nerves, encourages the
Bftppeiife iind iinluces refreshing sleep.
i*Jt jrivc-s the mother strength to give her
child. It imparts elasticity and strength
*b the organs of maternity so that the
baby's advent is practically painless.
. "I tak? pWsurr in writing you to let you
' ;now abort your ' Favorite Prescription," " says
tlr. E. 1£. Jricke, of Petersburg, Menard Co.,
•H.JlIojc 567. " My wife had l««n sick nearly all
art. life, and after trying everything I could
:l:ink -of I nicde up my mind to try ¦ Favorite
Prei4cr*5>tir»n.' I sent to Chicago and got six
tjottlcs, which ray wife took, a tablespoonful
:l:rre tir.ics a day. until the baby came. She
felt better after taking the first bottle, and when
aaby was born he weighed nine and a half
pounds. To-day he 16 six months old and
¦reigns twejity-two pounds. He is as good a
thild as r.ny one couid wish. The doctor says
Se is as healthy as any baby could be, and also
:h?*55octor says your ' Favorite Prescription '
¦res tiie cause of such a healthy l.aby. I felt
t owed you this much for the good you did
ny wife and myself. I hope you will niention
Jus to others who may be in need of such help,
tnd you may refer them to me, as I would be
rlad to tell of the good of such a valuable
tiedicine." _ *
Dr. Picrce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent .//won
receipt of 21 one -cent stamps to pay
txpense 'of mailing only. Address Dr.
fc. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
|H When we say a "good" suit, we mean one B|
H that is carefully made, from the first snip of the «
SI shears to the very, last stitch — one that will fully S
JH sustain our guarantee— one that pleases the cus-. j|j
H tomer and convinces him that he has his money's R|
H We can make you a good suit- like this, to p5
!| your measure, for $13.50. Samples of the cloth pi
Ha are here free for the asking. . u
W^ make a Specially of fitting out-of-town or
$m ders for m v.ie-io-measure suits. Write for samples |||
m and self-measurement blank. II
W* 718 Market Street and |jl
Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets. gjSuicide at Boulder Creek.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 10.— William Staubt.
a native ' of Germany, aged 40 years, com
mitted- suicide ye6terday near ' Boulder
Creek. by, shooting himself with a pistol.
Tho causo was ill health. ..
Clare Haven Wins.
LONDON, Oct. lO.-At the Newmarket
second October meeting to-day the Czare
witch stakes, a stake • of 25 sovereigns
each, with G00 sovereigns added, was won
by L. Neumann's Clare Haven] Second
place was captured by, J. Moffatt's Satur
day (late Midsummer) and E." Corrlgan's
Sardonic II. with C. Jenkins In tho sad
dle, came third. Twenty-one horses ran.'
COLOMBIAN TROOPS ON
': . v BORDER OF ECUADOR
Relations Between the South Ameri
can Countries Are Again
Strained.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Oct. 10.— Advices
received here from Colon to-day say the
relations between the Colombian Govern
ment and the government of Ecuador and
Venezuela are strained. . The two last
mentioned countries, it Is added, are
charged with connivance In the Colom
bian revolution, and . Colombian troops
have been stationed on the borders await
ing developments. Meantime it is further
asserted the rebels are Raining strength
in the interior of Colombia.
m -
United States Leads.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— A cablegram
received' here to-day from Commissioner
General Peck at Paris contains an an
nouncement of the final results obtained
at the exposition by the countries In the
way of awards. ' The- United States re
ceived 2475 'awards, '.Germany 1826.' Great
Britain .1727, Russia • 1493. The United
States leads not only In the grand total,
but also In all grades of awards from
grand prizes to merely honorable mention.
WINNERS AT SAN JOSE.
Janice* Negotiates a Mile in 2:13 1-4
in the Trot.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 10.— The attendance at
: the races to-day was the largest ,of the
: week. The programme was a (,'ood one
and the ladies were much in evidence.
Mary S had been entered in the 2:30 trot,
! but was scratched. Charlie Me and
i Janice were driven for all they were
: worth, and the last heat. 2:13',.;. was an
! exciting one. The track record for trot
: ting is 2:10. It was made by Ethel Downs
] three years ago. ,>•*;
Good time was made in the fi>3t and
i fourth .running races, Dolore and Pana
\ mint "Winning. .Considerable money
; changed hands, the talent and the book
; makers breaking about even. The last
; race, won by Lady Helolsc, hit the bopks
! hard. Summary: '
i 2:30 trot, purse $500: »•
i Janice (Saunders) 1 3 'l -1
Charlie Me (Durfee) 2 1 2 "2
; Algoneto (Lafferty) t 2 % 3
Time— 2:214. 2:17^4. 2:16^. 2:13%.
, Six furlongs, three-year-olds and upward.
: purse JliO — Dolore (Krawlcy) won, Yule (Thorn
i as) second, Crokcr (Fauntleroy) third. Time,
1:14^.
' Klx furlongs, selling, thr«>e-year-olds and up
• ward, purs* $150— Mike Rlec (Russell) won,
I Alarla (Fauntleroy> second, Sidelong (Nicholas)
Six furlones, thrre-y ear-olds and upward,
purse $1W— Panamlnt (McDonald) won, Limber
Jim (Walsh) »?"cond. Grand Sachem (Thomas)
third. Tlmr, 1:MH-
Five and a half furlong*, nelllng. three-year
olds and upward, purse J150 — Lady Helolsa
(Russell) ¦won. Amasa <Frawley) second, Louise
Hayman (nurllngame) third. Time, l:10V4.
Low Rates for Homeseekers.
ST. PAUL. Minnl. Oct. 10.— The Soo Una
Joined In the low rates for homeseekers
to-day. It named a $25 rate to the coast,
the »ame as the other lines, but makes no
application to local territory.- . There is
reason to believe, however, that the Soo
line will protect Its local business and, if
convinced of danger in the encroachment
of the Great Northern throuph further
reduction, retaliatory action will be taken.
BUFFALO. Oct. 10.— To-day's SASRlon of the
Catholic Mutual Benevolent Association, the
Supreme Council deliberated upun the report
of the law committee.
VICTORY • FOR PHILADELPHIA.
Timely Hitting.
Defeats the Men i?rom Boston by
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...SI D2 .609 Chicago Cl 72 .470
I'iltsburg ...77 l» .566 St. Louis.... 63 75 .457
Philadelphia 72 63 .534 Cincinnati ..62 T5 .452
lioEton Ci 70 .*t>2 N>w York... 58 77 .430
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 10.— Philadelphia de
feated Boston thig afternoon by timely hitting.
Attendance 161(0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 6 10 1
Boston 2 8 1
BoUeri^s-- Orth and McFaxland; Lewis and
Cl»rk«?. Vmrlre— Hurst.
ENDOWMENTS FOR THE
CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY
Encouraging Report Made by Arch
bishop Keane at the Meeting of
- the Board of Trustees.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— Cardinal Gib
bons presided at the annual meeting of
the board of trustees of the Cathollo Uni
versity of America in McMahon Hall to
day.
Archbishop Christie of Portland, Or.,
was among those present. Two sessions
were held. In the morning the Cardinal
delivered a brief address in which he
spoke of the success which haa followed
the establishment of the university. Tho
reports of committees, largely of a rou
tine nature, consumed most of the time.
At the afternoon session Archbishop
Keane, formerly the rector of the univer
sity, who secured a two years' leave of
absence from his studies in Rome for the
purposo of raising funds for the endow
ment of the* Institution, spoke. He said
that during the year he had secured $70.
000 for general expenses and $100,000 for
the endowment.
Rector Conaty stated that during the
year he had received $50,000 in cash, part
for current expenses and part for endow
ment of chairs. Tho Knights of Columbus
had endowed a chair which will be de
voted to American history, while' five
other chairs will be endowed as follows:
The Michael Cudahy. the Catholio
Knights of America, the Archbishop Heu
nessy, the Archbishop Williams and the
Archbishop Kendrlck chairs, all of which
will be paid for this year. The rector
also reported that $01,000 in other subscrip
tions would be available this year.
GAINS FOR LIBERALS
IN THE COUNTIES
Are Victorious in Cardiff and the Ot
ley Division of Yorkshire, Thus
Equalizing the Party Increase.
LONDON. Oct. 11, 3:30 a. m.— The Lib
erals nave been doing far better in the
counties in the parliamentary general
election than they did in the boroughs.
Yesterday they gained two more s*ats —
Cardiff and the Otley divfsion of York
shire — thus equalizing the party gains.
The Ministerialists and the opposition
have now gained twenty-seven seats each.
Apart from Sir Henry Campbell-Banner
man's reduced majority In Stirling burghs
and the success of Sir Edward J.-Reed at
Cardiff, a seat formerly held by James
McLean, prominent in Indian affairs, who
did not seek re-election, there Is little of
special interest in yesterday's returns.
The -Ministerialists now hold 357 seats
and the opposition 205. Sir Henry Camp
bell-Bannerman, addressing his support
ers after the poll had been declared, said
he was satisfied with the result as the
"most disadvantageous circumstance for
an election that an ingenious government
could devise." t
An excellent performance of "Rigolet
to" was that given at the Tivoli Opera
house last evening, with Russo, Repetto,
Ferrari, Polltini and Nicolini in the cast.
All the singers were in admirable voice.
Ferrari ia at his best as tho sad Jester.
Russo sings the Duke of Mantua role
with utmost spirit and tenderness, and
Repetto's Gilda is one of the most thor
oughly satisfactory parts In this charm-
Ing little songstress' repertoire. Politinl
and Nicolini repeated their successes as
the brigand and his sister— Sparafucile
and Maddalena— and chorus and orchestra
as usual did effective work.
To-night "The Jewess" will again be
given, and a crowded house will appre
ciate the fine Interpretation accordea the
difficult opera by Berthald, Lucentl, Stew
art and Lichter.
The symphony concert announced for
the 25th inst. at the Tivoli Opera-house
bids fair to be one of the most successful
musical and social events of the winter
season, and will certainly fill a long-felt
want.
For an entire change of bill the Cali
fornia Theater last night announced, in
stead of "Ernani," an arrangement of
"Azzall, or The Vanishing Impresario,"
by Oppenhelmer, the "boy manager."
Mr. Oppenhelmer expresses himself as
wearied of the hoodoo Itallano, and wili,
for a change. Indulge in the Hindoo vari-»
ety. beginning next Sunday afternoon. In
the meantime the theater will be closed,
and the retiring opera company will rest
before its triumphant reappearance as
the Tivoli next week.
"A Hindoo Hoodoo." a highly original,
and, it Is understood, a cleverly worked
out farce comedy, will Include Anna Boyd
in the large cast. It will run for one
week only and the salo of seats opens
this morning.
The production of "Quo Vadls" at the
Columbia Theater Is attracting special
attention by Its admirable staging and
excellent incidental music,* which is well
given by the large orchestra. "Quo
Vadis" will be the Columbia programme
all this and next week, with the ex
ception of Sunday. • •
"We Una of Tennessee" has had a most
successful run at the Alcazar, and will
remain on the boards until next Sunday
evening. The old Dumas play, but rare
ly heard now, of "The Corslcan Broth
ers" will be put on next ¦week. •
The worthy production of "A Texas
Steer" at the Alhambra- Theater is re
ceiving the Cfnerous support which It bo
well deserves. The colored quartet Is. a
deservedly popular feature of the popu
lar show. Next week "The Man from
Mexico." . ?r->".
Camllle d'Arville may still be heard at
the Orpheum, and the really marvelous
juggling performance of the "Great Ever
hart" Is another most successful number
of the good bill.
The "Congo Family" is still receiving
at the .Chutes and Zoo, and the sweet
singer, • Jessie Padgham, is also to be
heard among other clever artists.
. Alice Raymond , the : cornet soloist, . Lil
lian Jcanette and her trained cockatoos,
and half a dozen excellent vocalists are
giving a pleasing programme at Fischer's
Concert House this week.
Fine Performance of the
Opera Pleases a' Big
Audience. .
"RIGOLETTO"
AT THE TIVOLI
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Oct. 10.— Samuel M. Shortridge,
candidate for Presidential Elector on the
Republican ticket, addressed, a monster
mass-meeting at Napa Opera-house to
night) Mr. Shortridge taught school in
this county when a young man, and his
old friends of those early days came from
all sections to give him a hearty welcome.
His address was one of the ablest and
most eloquent ever heard In this city.
Mr. Shortridge reviewed the administra
tion of President McKinley, and ably dis
cussed all the Issues that are before the
people in this campaign. He urged every
voter to stand by the Republican party on
November € — the party that represented
progress and national advancement.
The distinguished orator arrived on the
evening train and was met at the depot
by a reception committee composed of
leading Republicans and escorted to the
Palace Hotel, where he was the guest of
honor.
G. M. Francis was chairman of the
mass-meeting held In the opera-house and
representative business men of the city
acted as vice presidents. The Napa Par
lor band rendered patriotic music, and the
Republican Glee Club, composed of twen
ty member?, gave the latest campaign
songs. The meeting was a vote-getter for
the Republican ticket.
MINERS ADDRESSED BY WOODS.
Republican Congressional Nominee
Talks at Angels Camp.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP, Oct. 10.— S. D. Woods,
candidate for Congress in this district,
addressed several hundred miners to
night on the Issue of the campaign. The
meeting was held In Dolllng's Hall, which
was elaborately decorated with the na
tional colors. Before the meeting Mr.
Woods was serenaded by the local band,
and the hotel where he was stopping was
decorated with a large American flag, sus
pended from the upper^alcony.
Mr. Woods spoke for over an hour and
was interrupted frequently with ringing
applause. After th« meeting he was given
a rousing reception by citizens of the
town, among whom were a number who
Had voted for Bryan 'four years ago, but
who are now counted in the Republican
ranks. Mr. Woods was assisted by Sen
ator John F. Davis of Amador and W. C.
Ralston, president of the California State
Miners' Association, both of whom made
brief speeches in behalf of the Republican
ticket. , . -
Last night Mr. Woods spoke at Mo
kelumne ilill. to one of the largest crowds
which has assembled , there since early
days, when the 'Hill was one of the most
Important mining towns of the'State. Ex-
Congressman J. A. Loutitt of Stockton, at
one time a resident of Cajaveras County,
alsp spoke at Mokelumne Hill. ,-It seems
almost certain that Amador, and Calave
ras counties wlll'Klve good majorities for
the Republican ticket.
CAMPAIGN; OF W. D. CRICHTON.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. '10.— TV. D. Crichton,
Democratic candidate for.Congress in this
district, accompanied by ex-Assemblyman
N. ,L. F.- Bachman.- formerly of Tennes
see, but now a vjneyarditst of Fresno, .ar
rived In Son Dfego. to-day to open the
campaign of the former In this ceunty.
A meeting waa held to-night in El Cajon,
presided over by President Dawson of the
Oajon Bryan Club. Mr. Crichton was well
received. Tiesides ' he and Mr. Bachman,
Chairman Patterson Sprigg of the Demo
cratic County Central Committee spoke.
The candidate's campaign will continue
this week with addresses at-Ramona, San
Fasqual, Fallbrook and Oceanslde. and
will close in San Diego next Monday
night, when Mr. Crichton and Stephen M.
V/hlte will epeak on the plaza.
Santa Clara's Registration.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 10.— The total registra
tion for Santa Clara County was given
out to-day. It is 14,965. against 13,768 In
1S9G, showing a net Increase of 1137. *
Samuel M. Shortridge Ad
dresses the Citizens of
Nepa.
WINNING VOTES
FOR McKINLEY
KIERCE HONORED BY THE
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE
Selected Supreme President at the
Session of the National Con
ference in I>enver.
DENVER. Oct. 10.— The national con
ference of the Young Men's Institute, one
of the leading Catholic organizations In
America, which Is In session here, elected
the following officers to-day:
Supreme president. F. J. Kierce of San
Francisco; supreme chaplain. Right Rev.
Archbishop Keane Oubuquo, la.: first su
preme vice president, P. J. Collins, Car
bondale. Pa.; second supreme vice presi
dent, J. F. Ankembaugh, Cincinnati; su
preme secretary, J. M. O'Brien, Roanoke
Va.; supreme treasurer. T. J. Cullinaii.
Pittsburg. A. T. St. Sure of Alamedu.
Cal., was chosen delegate to the meeting
of the Federation of Catholic SocUtles m
New York on Thanksgiving day.
The national meetings have been annual
heretofore, but the constitution of the in
stitute was amended to-day so that here
after the meetings will be biennial.
•. • ?
BARING AERONAUT
FAXI*S TO HIS DEATH
Had Ascended Two Hundred Feet
When the Balloon Exploded and
Precipitated Him to Ground.
GATS MILLS, Wls., Oct. 10.-A. P. Deer,
an aeronaut of Chicago, fell to his dealn
to-day from a balloon in which he as
cended to a height of 200 teet. The as
cension was made at a fair and was wit
nessed by 6000 persons. ,
The balloon exploded . and fell 100 feet
before the parachute opened and the sud
den Jerk caused Eteer. to lose his hold.
His body fell, turning in the air and strik
ing on the head and shoulders. The jaw,
nose and arms were crushed and Deer
died In a few minutes. This was his three
hundred and twenty-first ascension dur
ing the past twelve years.
Sampson in Poor Health.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 10. — Admiral
Sampson was in the city to-day, and his
feeble appearance caused some concern to
his friends. His health has been falling
for more than a year, and while he Is not
appreciably worse, the last month or so
shows no signs of Improvement.
Mother and Baby Drowned.
ATCHISON. Kans., Oct. 10.— The wife of
Rev. Charles Meeder of the Emanuel
Evangelical Church near Farmlngton.
jumped Into a cistern with her 3-year-old
chlla about midnight and were drowned.
Mrs. Meeder had shown signs of Insanity!
Passenger Agents Adjourn.
NORFOLK. Va.. Oct. 10.— The twenty
eighth conversion of the American Trav
eling Passenger Agents closed at Old
Point Comfort to-day. The next meeting
will be at Lcs Angeles, Cal., In October
next.
MISS JEAN FUQUA. ONE OF. THE MOST CHARMING WOMEN OF THE
BLUE GRASS STATE, TO MARRY ITS EXECUTIVE SOME TIME
NEXT MONTH.
WOBK TO BEGIN ON THE
BURLINGTON EXTENSION
Surveyors Are Now Seeking a Prac
ticable Route of Entrance Into
Salt Lake. City.
CHEYENNE, Wyo..' Oct. 10.— The Bur
lington will at once begin work on the ex
tension of its transcontinental lino from
Guernsey, Wyo., west to Salt Lake. The
contract for 173 miles has Just been let to
Contractor Stoddart of Omaha. It is an
nounced that the Burlington is anxious to
tap its extensive coal fields at Elk Moun
tain as soon as possible and establish
there a fuel base. The fulfillment of the
present contract will carry the line to the
coal fields, which are situated about sixty
miles south of the Union Pacific's big
coal mines at Rock Springs.
Surveyors are now in the field east of
Salt Lake seeking a practicable route of
entrance Into that city and as soon as
they succeed contracts will be let for
buildingr the dine to Salt Lake and on to
ward the Pacific.
GOV. BECKHAM'S
BEAUTIFUL FIANCEE
OREAD WINS AT
MORRIS PARK
Cleverly Takes the Mc-
Grathiana Stakes by a
Length and a Half.
Unpropitious Weather and a Slow
Track Combine to Put a
Damper on the Day's
Sport.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— It was cold and
bleak at Morris J*ark to-day and there
¦was little In the racing to enliven matters.
Not more than BOO people were In attend
ance and the track was elow and holding;.
Only one fixture was decided, the Mc-
Crathiana stakes, with selling conditions.
Oread was off flying and won cleverly by
h length and a half.
Captain Picrsall and Matt Simpson fe;l
In the first race. David Canavan. who
rode Captain Piersall. had his collar bone
broken and was taken to Fordham Hos>
pital. The other jockey was not hurt.
Track heavy. Results:
Steeplechase, about two miles, selling—Ta
mor won. Governor Budd second. Baby Bill
third. Time. 4:02.
Six furlonss— Garry Hermann won. Lady
Scherr second. Godfrey third. Time, l:17li-
McGrathiana stakes, teven furlongs— <~>read
v.on. Miss Hanover stcond, Smoke third. Time.
1.20'4.
8e\*-n furlongs, selling— Rolling Boer won,
Tho Golden Trlnce second. Billionaire third.
Time. 1:31 >«.
One mile— Carbuncle won. Red Path second,
Iro^ur>is Belle third. Time, 1:4«H
one auti a sixteenth miles, telling— Brisk won,
AUikc second, Olea third. Time. 1:49.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— Weather clear;
track fast. Results:
Five furlongs— Guess Work won. I<1\ Carby
t-econd. Kohnwreath thlid. Time, I:«U.
One and an eighth miles— Molo won. Bill Gar
rf-Tt woond. Et«-r'Aart third. Time. I:i5 2-5.
Steeplechase, short course — Gorocatus won,
What Next stcond. Nicholas thir.i. Time, 3:40.
Mile and seventy yards— Precursor won. Dls
teTiter second. Mr. Brown third. Time, 1:45.
t ive and a ha'f furiongrs— Blink won. Robert
Waddell second. Tuskarosa third. Time, l:0S.
Mile and a sixteenth, sellirc— Trebor won.
Hold Up second. Astor third. Time. 1:47 2-5.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 10.— Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Isobel won. King
Rhine tt-cor.d. Sir.fi third. Time, 1;CS.
Kive and a half furloncs— Frank Bell won.
IiouMot second Gold Or third. Time, 1:06V
Sfllins. one mile— St. Wood won, Jackadle
FK..nJ. MedcU&oine third. Time. 1:41%.
On*' and a «juartor miles,, over five hurdles—
fr.ivorfity won. Gomez second, Willie Price
third. T!«ne. 2:19H-
Sellinfr. one and an eighth miles— John Baker
won. Haviland second, Ida Ledford third.
Time. 1:54.
f-lx furlonps— Sevoy iron. Master Mariner Bec
oud. 1'inochle third. Time, I:!. 1 *.
BUFAvLO. N. Y.. Oct. 10.— Weather
ck'ar; track plow. Results:
Fiv«> and a ha'.f furlongs— Miss Shanley won.
Ir.Tent Fei-ond. The Laurel third. Time. J:0S'.j.
F1v« furlongs— I^-lia Bar won, E; h«l Wheat
k-( ¦ I'd. Ljror Btll third. Time. l:02V4.
< me mile— Ocie Brooks won, Chopin second.
Doable Dummy third. Time. 1:43V
Five and a half furlonps — Tasker won, Com
jx-t'tion second. Donna Seay third. Tim<\ l.irS'i.
Six and a half furlongs— By Georpe won. Cad
!!:>.'.; tecond. The Jefferson third. Time,
121>t-
Plx furlorp*— J fl. Pl^ftn won. Silver Garter
t-fcond. Olcott third. Time. 1:23%. «
—
EMMA WINTER THE WINNEB.
Daughter of Directum "Wins the Ken-
tucky at Lexington.
LEXINGTON. Ky.. Oct. lO.-The
was cool and pleasant to-day and
a. good crowd saw the races. The track
was in firet-class condition, but the class
of horses that started did not show mjuch
i-peed. . The Kentucky. $2000. for three
> f-ar-old trotters, was a straight heat af
fair and was won by Emma Winter, the
fast daughter of Directum. Summaries:
2:«S paco. $K»30— Will Ltyburn won three
tvaifh! heats in :.<n\. 2:09, 2:10V Sidney
Pointer. Nii-hol B. Flirt. Goblet, Major Mus
covite ar.d Arcetta also started.
The Kentucky, for thr«-ycar-ol<l trotters,
tJXi-Erama Winter won two straight heats in
r:lTV. 2:19V Lady ThUbe and I'orto Kico also
f-tarted.
2.26 olaF!«. trottir.fr. purse $500 — Crito won
thre* Ftrfciefct heats in 2:16, 2:1^*4. 2:11. Fred
C and Lord Linton also started.
2:18 trot, purse tlOUO (five hetot* yesterday)—
FiraufTfr won the second, third and seventh
hemlM in 2:14'^. Z^SH. ":15*i. Waubaji won the
fourth and fifth heat* in 2:1;^. 2:16. Molo won
the first and sixth heats In MJlfe Z:U\. Mil
lard Saur.dors, Miada, Newton A and Gold
Laf-p tlso etart*Kl.
The midweek reserve stake at I|.nlon
Park yesterday was productive of a h"igh
, order of coursing, due to strong hares
¦ and a disposition toward fast work on
i the part of the hounds. Brisk betting,
; enlivened by the unexpected victories of
1 a number of short enders, kept things on
j the hum.
T. J. Cronm's Daisy Dale won the stake.
The deciding course between this dog and
i F. A. McComb's Little Sister was an easy
! victory, for Cronln's hound. 12-0 being the
i Ecore, Little Sister had a hard time of It
i in the preceding courses, all of them being
i Jong and wearing. In the fifth round Lit
! tie Sister and Forget ran a two-minute
i course. Daisy Dale was fortunate In hav
' ing short courses.
The short-enders had their day and In
: many instances their . followers reaped
¦ good returns. In the first round Esmer
: aida, 1 to 4, won from Silver Cloud; Ala
meda Lad, 1 to 5. from Recording Angel,
and Fedora. 1 to 4. from Master Work
i man. In the seeoi d round Real Lassie,
j 1 to 3, from Old Glory; Kibosh. 1 to 5,
i from Esmeralda; Daisy Dale, 1 to 3, from
! Roundabout, and Shootover, 3 to 5, from
' Amarosa. In the third round Little Sister
¦ pulled out for the pikers on a 2 to 5 snort
! end price. In the fourth round Forget, 1
! to 3. won from Lassie and Tom Hurllck,
! 1 to 2, from Rusty Gold.
Following are the scores:
' First round— F. A. McComb's Little Sister
beat J. J. Edmwid's Whiskv Hill; J. J. Ed
monds Go cm beat P. C. Bllck's May Lau
; rence: J. Byrne's Olympus beat A. Johnson's
i L. wlander: It. K. de B. Lopez & Son's War
i risro beat J. Farreil's Cash L>ay; T. Cooney's
i t-wet-t Favordale beat Pasha Kennels" Run
I Amuck; Captain Cane's Victor Queen beat W.
! J. 14rownii>g'9 Mountain Belle; J. L. Ross'
: Wild Wave beat T. J. Cronln'a Vixen; T.
Coor.ey's Modesty beat V. C. Bllck'a Advance
! Guard; George Miarman's Miss Skyrocket beat
! J. Carroll's Turquoise; J. P. Thrift's Forget
; beat J. Carroll's Red Hind; J. H. McNeil's
Pearl Mae beat J. L. Ross 1 Wautaug-h; R. E.
de B. L»>i>ez & eon's Wombat beat O. Zahl's
! Tvny Bowers; Pasha Kennels" R.eal Lassie
. beat R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Sweetness;
i Curtis & Son's Old Glory beat Chiarini Bros.'
. : Brass, Buttons; Curtis & Sons" Kibosh beat J.
I Hurley's Star of Cuba; J. M. tStillwell's Fs
i nierahia beat C. O. Peterson's S-ilver Cloud;
E. Dougherty's Hartford Lass beat P. C
! Hlick'f La Rosa Souvenir; \V. C. Badger's
j Alameda Lad beat Pasha Kennels' Recording
I Ansel; G. Lennon's Jennie Noys beat M. Mlch
i'.ek's Terronite; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat
G. Lennon's Half Moon; T. J. Cronln's Daisy
Pale beat E. Dougherty's Springfield Boy:
Pasha Kf-nnels' Round About beat T. J. Cro
! nln's Maid of Bail; J. O. Dowd's Shootover
| beat J. II. PerlprVs Querlta Vincent: Sterle &
: Knowles" Amarosa beat O. Zahl's Miss Wilson;
\ Stcrl & Knowies' Rusty Gold beat It E. de B.
! L.ijiez & Son's Minnie W'awa; P. J. Olmo's
i Cora Poarl l«-at Chiarini Bros.' Palmyra: P.
; C. Smith's Fedora beat J. Smith's Master
Workman; M. Sullivan's Wild Norah beat T.
' J. Ctonin's Rose of Tralace; F. Jones' Tom
: Hurllck l>eat Pasha Kennels' Gold Nugget; O.
Sharmar'a Bona Fide beat Ben Kirby; P.
i Steir.hofTs Vetn beat J. Hurley"* Shylock Boy:
j H. A. rveckelman's Erapshot beat J. Carroll's
t Erin's Hope.
j Second round— Little Sister beat Go On,
I OlymiKJs bfat Warrteo. Victor Queen beat
p»wt Favordale. Modesty a bye. r Wild Wave
: withdrawn. Fortret beat MIsf Skyrocket. Worn-
I bat beat Pearl Mack, Real Lassie beat OM
i Glory. Kibosh beat Enneralrta. Alameda Lad
' beat Hartfcrd Lass. Tod t-knn a bye. Jennie
j Noys withdrawn. Dairy Pale beat Round
: About, Phootovcr Iwat Amarosa. Rusty Oold
: b^at Crra Pearl. Wild Nora a bye. Fedora
withdrawn, Tr.m Hurllck beat Bona Fide,
, Snapthot beat Veto.
: Third round— Little Sister a hye. Olympus
I withdrawn. Modesty btat Victor Queen. For
j get beat Wombat Rt-al Lassie beat Klboab.
| Tod Slran beat Alameda Lad. Daisy Dale a
! bye. Shootover withdrawn. Rusty Gold beat
I Wild Nora, Tom Hurllck beat Snapshot.
! • Fourth round— Little Slater beat Modesty.
Forpet t*>at Re.il Lassie. Daisy Dale beat Tod
i Sloan. Tom Hurllrk l>eat Ruety Gold.
Fifth round— Little Sister beat Forget, Daisy
Dale beat Tom Hurlir-k.
Deciding course— Daisy Dale beet Little
1 Sister.
•
MANY ENTRIES FOR
UNION'S OPEN STAKE
List of Fine Dogs That Will Course
Banner Bright: Forest Queen vs. RIenzI; King's
Borderer vs. Lovlna; Iowa Maid v«. Mamie
I'leasant; Kecklt-be Archer vs. Colonel Lopez.
on Saturday and Sunday
Next
The Un&n Coursing Park Association
held a draw last night for the Saturday
and Sunday stake. It will be an open
event, with 112 entries. Coursing will be
gin upon the arrival of the first train,
which will leave Third and Townsend
streets at 10:15 a. m. The draw resulted
as follows:
Psyche vi. Cavalier; Controller vs. Winning
Lessie; R*il Lassie ve. Mountain Belle; May
M»mj>stead vs. Little Lucy; Ben Klrby vs.
Miss Skyrocket: Master Mat vs. Victor Queen;
Kest Assured vs. Baby King; Jimmy Anthony
vs. Password; Master Rocket vs. "Wild Waves;
Kanaka vs. Overture; Master Bly vs. Low
lander; Sir Hughie vs. Moonbrlght; Rollicking
Airs vt. Sil\-er Lyon; Kiboch vs. Hot Foot; Gal
lant vs. Gold Nugget: Wild Norah vs. Erin;
H'>nor Bright vs. Crawford Braes; Veto vs.
Bbyloek Boy; Ollta vs. Rteky Attempt; Miss
Wilson vs. Mount Ida; Metallic vs. Sleety Mist;
Liberator vs. Kittleman; Lady Glenklric vs.
Oid Glory; Mountain Beauty vs. Rusty Gold;
Lady Uranard ve. Echo; Delia M vs. Martha
¦Washington; Betsy Barrow vs. Silver Cloud;
Imjrrlal vs. Beer Brewer; Cash vs. Thunder
tolt; High Born Lady ve. St. Helen; Tom Hur
lick vs. Master Clalr; Jlra Jeffries vs. Bona
Fide; Buck x's. Brass Button; Lady Bess vs.
Expense: Master Workman vs. Esmeralda;
BaJd Kagle vs. Achilles: Pearl Mac vs. Iowa
Boy; Ropinante vs. Bunko BUI; Tyrone Prince
ve "The Exile; Recording Angel vs. Auckland:
Snapshot vs. Santonin; Statesman vs. Round
About: Concord vs. Our Maggie: Ever Shore
vs. Silver Wings: Shadow vb. Smuggler; Me-
Kinley vs. St. Michael; Sara vs. Connemara;
Bcndalong vs. Random Aim; Reve de Amour
vs. Ben Lomond; Bad Boy vs. Pleasant Girl;
Hartford Lass vs. La Estrella; Aeneas vs.
little Sister Was the Bunner-Up, but
Had Ill-Fortune of Being
Sent After Strong
Hares.
Long Courses and Strong
Hares Were in Order
at Union Park.
DAISY DALE WON
MIDWEEK STAKE
Those members of Islam Temple of tho
Ancient Arabic Order of the Mystic
Shrine who will not go on the excursion
to the Hawaiian Islands tendered a re
ception in Golden Gate Hall last night tn
those who are /going by the Zealandia,
which leaves at 12:15 o'clock this after
noon. There were about four hundred
present, all bedecked with jewels of the
order and wearing the red fez, without
which shriners do not feel at home.
A special feature of the reception was
the introduction of twenty-three strang
ers to the mysteries of the temple and a
pilgrimage by devious ways to the throne
of the potentate. It was an evening of
Jollity that was supplemented by a- ban
quet where there was plenty of substan
tlals and -cheer in the character of zem
zem. During the evening an orchestra
rendered a number of selections and there
were responses to impromptu toasts by
J. O. Roth well. General C. M. H. y Agra
monte of Mexico, H. H. Williams, A. W.
Baner Jr. of Boston, H. H. Miller of
Philadelphia, A. P. Coler of Dallas, G. B.
Granger of Boston and L. J. Baker of
Memphis.
The festivities closed with wishes for a
pleasant Journey and a Jolly good time
for air the Pilgrims.
The Zealandia, which leaves from Pa
cific-street wharf, will have as passengers
the following named:
R. P. Hurlbut, J. H. Goldman and wife, A.
F. Gunn, wife and daughter; B. D. Pike and
wife. T. H.. Browne and wife, J. A. Marsh and
wife, Mrs. Lawton J. G. Spauidlng and wife.
George F. Neal, Mrs. 8. Danskin, Mrs. S. S.
Neal Mrs. M. Irwln, P. Metschan and wife,
Charles Stalman and wife, J. W. Burnham and
wife. Miss Hromada, Miss J. Hromada, K.
Schraubstadter and wife, Clarke Wise and
wife, Robert Bragg and daughter, A. P. Booth
and wife, Miss May Terry, E. a Palmier! and
wife, W. A. Richardson. C. H. Schmidt. J. H.
Slmonson. H. P. Christie, W. E. Scherwln, W.
XV. Mountain, "W. J. Kennedy and wife, A.
Baumgartner, Albert Harris and wife, Miss M.
E. Harris. Miss Sadie Williams, Miss Schuman,
Miss Xellle Montrord, H. II. Williams and wife.
Mrs. C. A. Kader. Samuel Well. Mrs, R. S.
Vv'helan, W. F. Wichman. Mrs. D. W. Bosley,
O. A. Baker. Mrs. W. J. Richardson, W. A.
Hanscelman and wife. C. H. Wall. P. Jaeobo
vics. F. R Cavalry, Miss M. Fechmeler, H.
C. #'asqualle. Miss E. Lewis, W. R. Payne,
Mrs. F. Bosquille, William Lewis, Mrs. M. L.
Reed, Miss Cantrell, Miss A. W. Hayes. Colonel
H. W. Heuer. Myron B. Noteware, A. G.
Town*. J. H. Spohn, Mrs. M. H. Beardsley,
W. H. Lelschman, E. H. Bacon, Dr. Larking,
T\ M. Beardslee, Mrs. William Johns. Clifton
Coggins and wife. F. L. Cogglns, Captain F.
T. Obermeyer and wife, E. C. Douglas, W. F.
Dixie, 11. B. Ream and wife. F. L. Osgood.
Miss Ida Roberts, M. A. Christiansen and wife.
C G. Cantrell. C. L. Bevans, Miss E. OLeary,
Mrs. S. E. Reamer, W. A. Stephenson and wife,
C. E. Phlpps. wife and daughter; F. L. John
son. Mrs. Schlndler, Mrs. Collins, Miss Sara
Dukehart, N. M. May, wife and son; Miss M.
Tressell, Miss Flora Tressell, Miss L. Stevens,
Miss R. Herman. Mrs. H. Dramkroger, Dr. S.
M. McDonnell and wife, Louis C. Schlndler and
wife, E. J. Dolbeer, wife and son; Dr. W. S.
Braun. Dr. H. D. Hendricks, Dr. T. J. Frazer.
G.-W. Schmidt. A. B. Stevenson. J. W. Eckley,
F. E. Fielding. Colonel H J. Burns and wife.
Dr. O. F. Westphal. R. P. Burr, wife and son;
A. Teichert and wife, E; Schenert and wife,
William R. Phillips. E. K. Head, J. P. Weir,
P. A. Collins. Feter Engel, F. Hauss, G. B.
Granger. F. M.-Krelllng. W. W. Douglas. G.
W, Harris, R. C. Lennle, Frank D. Pratt.
George W. Bennett and wife, C A. Baker, C.
Carlmeller, W. F. Wichman, W. G. Tanke and
wife, James Valerga, S. Samuels, A. G. Glenn.
wife and daughter; G. A. Rathbone and wife.
Mrs. J. B. Mulrhead. F. S. Osgood. C. j A.
Bruns. Mrs. A. Landers. Mrs. J. J. Hendricks,
James Landers Edward Landers, B. Ummer-
Ick, George W. Harris. Mrs. Minnie Ecker.
Robert L, Toplltz and wife, Mrs. A. R- Conk
lln. P. A, Atkinson, J. F. Hilder, N. J. Brit
tan and A. II. Turner and wife.
of Pilgrims — Zealandia Sails
for Islands To-
Event Marked by Institution of Class
Prospective Travelers En
tertained by Those Who
Will Remain.
SHRINERS ARE
HONORED GUESTS
AT RECEPTION
CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— Laura Carroll Is
named as another victim of the Insurance
conspiracy syndicate, said to be headed
by Dr. Unger. The physician used her.
it is said, as a subject on whom to take
out policies In a game similar to that at
tempted with Marie Defenbach.
The Carroll .woman disappeared four or
live months ago and none of those with
whom she associated has seen her since.
During her residence here she was an
intimate friend of Miss Defenbach, and
is alleged to have been a patient and
sweetheart of Dr. Unger. Miss Carroll
was about 22 years of age. She was an
orphan and had a guardian. Dr. Gustav
Schmidt, living In Milwaukee, from which
city she came here. During the six or
seven months that F. Wayland Brown
was managing the Mooney & lioland of
fice here an unusual number of sten
ographers were employed. These were all
women, and all were employed by Brown.
The subsequent disappearance of many
of them is now deemed a matter worth
looking Into, as likely to show effort to
defraud on a much larger scale than haa
yet been brought to light.
The subjects on which the Unger-
Brown-Smlley syndicate secured insur
ance with fraudulent Intent are all be
lieved to be women, while the active mem
bers of the organization are men. There
are Indications that the organization had
a much wider scope than was first
thought It Is asserted by detectives that
at least two score of people are criminally
connected with It.
One of these, who Is now under surveil
lance. Is a wealthy and prominent law
yer. He Is alleged to be the financial
backer.
Indications That th« Insurance Con
spiracy Syndicate Was Larger
Than at First Sup
posed.
Ljura Carroll Has Been
Missing for Several
•¦ Months.
MAY HAVE BEEN
AN UNFORTUNATE
VICTIM OF UNGER
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1900.
For purity and quality in , beer drink
"Rainier," the only beer on Pacific Coast
awarded medal at Paris Exposition. . •
• •
Day.
4
ADVE^TISKMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men
ESTABLISHED 1SS1.
v\ e cure Lost Manhood and weak-
ness which accompanies It. also
Private Diseases. Varicocele. Stric-
ture. Blood Poison. Diseases of the
Kidneys, Wadder. etc.
ratlents may pay when well or in
monthly Installments. Home cures
u= 8 . Pe i; laU> »- *' rIv ate book, question
list, etc., free at office or by mail
Correspondence confidential.
HOUi;S-Da!ly. 8 to 5. Evening?,
T&^T-fec^ toU: ' f LEVA -
721 MARKET STREET,
101 San Francisco.
A23V2BTI5EId.E2iT:a.
THEORIES ABOUT CATARRH.;
Peculiar Ideas Begarding a Common i
Diseass.
Mark Twain's cure for a. cold in the i
head was simple, V>ut he claims very ef- !
fectlve in his own case. His plan was to
tat nothing whatever for twenty-four
hours or presumably until the trouble had
«Jiauppeared.
Although not able to speak from per- '
6onal experience as to the effectiveness of
tnis treatment, it certainly has the merit
ot extreme economy; but it occurs to us
that the application of It to a. case of
nasal catarih might be attended with dif-
litultie*
Catarrh, as *very one knows, is a
chronic cold in the head, and Mr. Twain's
treatment, if it should become a fad.
would make of us a nation of fasters; an
army, emulating the example of the im-
mortal Tanner, who achieved world-wide
lame by lasting forty cia.ys. ,
Cittarrh Is certainly becoming a national
disease, and there .is little doubt but that
errors in diet, particularly overeating, is
a very common cause.
Most people, however, are more inter-
ested la the cure of the trouble than in
the cause, arid modern medical science
has produced more effective and less
heroic remedies than Mr. Twain's.
PUfclaco! is a new remedy, very effective
in some forms of catarrh. KucaJyptol is
another, which on account of its unti-
:-«-ptlc properties is very valuable, while
many eevere cases of Chronic Catarrh
have been entirely cured by the sanguin-
aria or extract ef blood root alone.
Withlh a year an enterprising chemist
has combined all of these remedies in
;at>let form, palatable and convenient, and
the gopcrlonty of this tablet over other
catarrh remedies is bo apparent that all
tlrufitistF now carry th«-m In stock to suy-
gily the popular demand.
They are called Stuart's Cata.rrh TaL-
letu, and it is doubtful If any medicine
ha* achieved a national popularity In so
».hort a time as this.
Btuart'* Catarrh Tablets are used bv
thousands of travelinn men because they
can be carried In the pocket and used
any time and in any quantity, being free
from cocaine, opiate or any poisonous
<irug.
They clear the heart and throat from the
disgusting cecretions of catarrh, very
often In a few hours' time.
For nasal catarrh they are far superior
to any wash, lotion or ointment, the use
c>t which Is often ox Inconvenient and an-
r.cyinB as the disease Itself.
For couphs. colds, bronchia] catarrh and
catarrh of the stomach these tablets give
immediate relief and a permanent cure
where lotions, douches and inhalers make
no Impression whatever. i
Thi? preparation Is a boon to' catarrh
ftiffcrers. and any druggist will tell you
That Smart's Catarrh Tablets la a remedy
that has come to ttay.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
> A*oa8ttv©l7 enrod by iheoo
• - JLittle £»ills.
They afao relieve Distress from Dyspqate,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Gating. A per*
feet ran*dy Cor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi*
ness, Bad Taste m the Mouth, Coated Tcngue
Pain in tho Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
.Sma!1(P?!c9,'
No More Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late sci-
entific method applied td the guxns. Mo sleep-
producing atent or cocaine.
These art the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATKNTED APPLIANCES
«nd ingredients to extract, till a«rl apply gol4
crowns and porcelain crowns . undetectahle from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full get t>t
teeth Jo* a perfect fit Kuarantefd or no pay.
Oold 'crowns, $5. Cold fillings. II. Silver fill-
lnea 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department in charse of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly as
we advertise. We will t»ll you in advance ex-
actly what your work will cost by a FREE EX-
AMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCa
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. Op.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH
TO THE PUBLIC!
PINOLE. June 23. 1S39.
—I take this means of
P9> '""•*t5l expre«!>:n? my thank* to
Wyi It. Wong Him. 115-117
V*J2[C f Mason street. San Fran-
K / I Cisco, for havinjf cure.1
jf'~'j£Q / rne °* kidney, womb
¦ /op» / trouble and cancer of tha
.A^ stomach.- I was a greet
VSSVf^^^ >5v^»v sufferer for 15 years, and
wJ^Zog^rr-i -fi^Nv*^ found no permanent r--
llef untn I Dr.
""**weS»*;:SC:v»" Wons Him, and in six
months' time he has
cured me. Any person wishlnsr me to certiry
this can find me. MKS. GEORGE BETZ.
Pinole, Cotstra Costa County, Cal.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. «. 1900.
To whom it may concern: This is to certify
that DR. WONO HIM of 115-117 Mason street.
San Francisco, has cured me of kidney trouble
and rheumatism and I am happy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
tn every sense of th# wont and an honorable
man tn all his dealings. DR. C. A. GAY, Dent-
ist, 9C2 Second ave., Seattle, Wash.
8. F.. December 4. 1S09.— Dr. Won? Him. 115-
117 Mason st.. S. I>t Cal.— Dear Sir: For the
benefit of others I wish to maJce ;i statement of
my case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
ing with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced incurable. Hearing of Dr. Won?
Him and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treatlnc six months I am now well ar.l
strony. Tours respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW, 1CZ7 Mission st..'S. F.
Avian- OR. JORDAN'S sreatJ
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMYf
T tj' The Largest Aaaismic«l Muwum in tbe \
Q .^jL^ World, w ek*.if5<«» or any contractea <Q
V JBSfl disewe pe«itl«»l7 ourod hy me oldest V
* Ik3I apeailiit ca Uu. Co»k. Ejj. jS you*. $
6 jj^^vi OS. JCaOA.«r-?RlVATE CISEASES $
\ »^5l*£?^3 Consultation fre« tnd Mrirtly private \
4 J y&iV fl Trt rnnent personally nr by Irtier. A ff
\ ¦ /MR ***¦*'»• tW»me» try case uademkea, \
Arl llB» w rite for Bock. PBlLOSOmytli
V • J 1^ MAHMeE, hailed vaza. uf
X |J £j, nluabi* book for mrn) \
7 »B- JOBDAJI A CO.. ICU Market St.. S.F. f
LADD'S GUN STORE,
{5-28^*^ 4:1 Kearny at.. 3. F.. far
Flshlngr Tackle and Sportlnj
- «. ' m t, Goo<Js - The larsest stock on
the Pacific Coast of every description. ¦ Send i
cents In postage stamps for tha latest 90-caif»
illustrated catalogue. Xo. 4.
P1?'Sh&W LOST VIGOR
vu- restored:
||SW^^ DR. COOPER & CO.,
llrPV^ £?%& 318 Ksaray 8trsst »
1 JivaijuJi JLJmf^*^ S* 11 Francisco, Cal.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
*>-* great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES;
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
o.i Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MKRZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. CTanla bd.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
JT Hill SftV £ f fl 900 Batt « r y Street.
•V nllOUil 0 CU-. Telephone Mala mu
COPPERSMITH. *
Cm CMITH sh| P Plumbing. Steamboat and
• TT- J.illlH- Ship Work a specialty. \i and
13 Washington it. Telephone Main 5641.
" ELLCTRICAL.
n. r>. wass.
Electrical Engineer. 39 East st.*^
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. . ,
14C nnVFC&fft Shipping Butcher*. 104 {
JAy DUlfcjtt til- Clay. TeL^Matn 13*. <!
OALVANIZINO AND METALS.
M'fg & Dealer in M»tat* & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN* METAL WORKS. 313 Howard it"
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Paelfla
Metal Works. 13T-» rirst St.. San Franclico.
"* OILS. • 7
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3
41* Front st.. 3. F. Phone Main 1713.
PAINTS. ~~
Cylinder A Lubricating Oils. Sohn«1d<'r'» Mln!nir
Candles. C. Q. CLINCH A CO.. » Front. 3. F.
PRINTING. ~ ~
F T HPfiHFS PRINTER. **
PRINTERS. EOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23. First at.. San FrantMsct*.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
'fogSigfr >• PARTRIDGE > gggg*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, T he e bEac£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. a/ i£ GOILE>I
RIVER COLLIERIK3. Is the ll'4t Coal In t£
ecarket. Otflca &n& Yards — 150 Main street.Charming Daughter of Attorney Is to Be
Married at Portola Hall.
The fair young bride-to-be is the eldest
daughter of E. F. Preston, the well
known and able attorney. She Is charm-
Ing and talented, with a penchant toward
AN Interesting engagement was
made public yesterday when It
was announced that Miss Isabel
H. Preston and Len D. Owens
were to be married early in De
cember. The betrothal was a genuine
surprise to the exclusive set In which the
young couple move, and both Miss Pres
ton and Mr. Owens spent a busy day
yesterday receiving: congratulations.
MISS ISABEL. H. PRESTON AND LEND. OWENS, WHOSE ENGAGE
(MENT WAS FORMALLY ANNOUNCED YESTERDAY TO THEIR
FRIENDS OF SAN FRANCISCO'S EXCLUSIVE SOCIAIi SET.
This , Saturday, October 13th.
$25,000 worth of. fine shoes -for 35c on the
dollar at' bankrupt sale'of the California
Shoe Co., 1506 Market St., above City Hall
ave. • •
Found I>ead by Husband.
Mrs. Lillian M. . Zabel, who resides at
1 Uranus street, was found dead by hei
husband yesterday morning. She has been
troubled- with swelling glands in the
throat and about one month ago came
from the East to Join her husband, who
Is a discharged soldier. She _was 31 years
of age. .
Spokane Man Weds New Orleans Girl
Miss Josephine M. Moore, daughter of
John C. Moore, a prominent citizen of
New Orleans, and Harry M. Adams, gen
eral agent of the Oregon Railway .and
Navigation Company, and also superin
tendent of the Union depot at Spokane,
were married at St. Mary's Cathedral
yesterday noon. The ceremony was. per
formed by tho Very Rev. John. J. Pren
dergast before a few Immediate friends
of the contracting parties. A luncheon
followed at the California Hotel. The
couple will enjoy a two weeks' trip
through Southern California, after which
they will make their home In Spokane.
The twenty-flfth State Convention of
Fruit Growers of California will meet In
Pioneer Hall, this city, under the auspices
of the State Board of Horticulture on
Tuesday. December 4, and continue In ses
sion^ four days. A cordial invitation is ex
tended to all fruit growers and others in
terested In horticulture and kindred pur
suits to be present and take part in the
proceedings of the convention. Subjects
of the utmost Importance to the fruit in
dustry In general will be considered. All
fruit exchanges, associations, granges and
other bodies . of producers are re
ouested to send representatives to tho
convention. The Southern Pacific Com
pany and the San Francisco and San Joa
quin Valley Railway Company will issue
excursion tickets to all persons going to
the convention and returning at reduced
rates.
Fruit-Growers Will Convene.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the Build
ing Trades Council, has returned from the
Cast, where he went early in September
as a delegate to the national convention
of the Brotherhood of Carpenters and
Joiners. Several hunared delegates at
tended, nearly every State in the Union
being represented. It was at this conven
tion that $40,000 wa3 appropriated for tho
millmen's strike in this city. Mr. Mc-
Carthy Is hopeful that the millmen wll!
win In their demand for an eight-hour
workday- and he says there is no In
clination on the part of the strikers as
a body to give in to the employers.
McCarthy Beturns From the East.
The preliminary examination of Kitty
Turner, accused of feloniously embezzling
"Billy" Abbott's diamond ring, valued at
$250. was begun yesterday before Judge
Cabaniss. Abbott claimed that he loaned
the woman the ring, as she wished to
"make a flash," and that she agreed to
return it in a short time. Subsequently
she declared she had lost it. Kittle de
clared that Abbott voluntarily slipped the
ring on her finger as a token of his un
dying affection and esteem, he thinking
at the time that she was going to become
his consort.' She said she really did lose
the piece of jewelry. The court will reD
der its decision to-day.
Abbott Was Easily Bunkoed.
GIANT ItOAD ENGINES
FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Twenty More Locomotives Are Added
to Big Equipment — Order Re
cently Given.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company
has just Increased Its recent equipment
order for seventy new engines to ninety
four, twelve of which are to be the larg
est road engines on the Pacific Coast, and
among the largest in the United States.
They are to weigh 1S0.0O0 pounds each on
the drivinj? wheels. The total weight of
engine and tender will be 160 tons.
The engines will be constructed after
the very latest designs for consuming coal
economically. They will contain much
larger flre boxes than those now in use
and will also be equipped with an enor
mous heating tervlce. Two of the moun
tain engines, Included In the first equip
ment order, were placed In service at
Sacramento yesterday.
The company has just placed an order
for fifteen new chair cars for use on the
lines east of El Paso. They will have a
seating capacity of sixty people and will
be equipped with . all the modern conve
niences.!
Hotonnen's Cases Dismissed.
Dennis Flynn, the motorman of the Fol-
F<»m-street car that ran over little Emfl
I^ook about two months apo and crushed
one of his leg:?, had the charere of battery
apainst him dismissed by Judge Cabanisj
yesterday.
F. H. Johnston, motorman of the MH-
Finn-street car that ran over and killed
John McCarthy about six weeks aero, h.itl
ih*» chars:*- of manslaughter against lilra
dismissed by the Judge.
SICK WIDOW DROWNED
IN HER BATHTUB
Mrs. Carolina Anderson, a Sufferer
From Pneumonia, the Victim of
an Accident.
Caroline Anderson, a widow, 52 years
old, died In her bathtub yesterday morn
ing at her residence, 6C3 Harrison street.
She had been sick for a long time and
had been demented recently to such an
extent that she would not allow strangers
to approach her. Mrs. Anderson went to
the bathroom at an early hour, and her
daughter Leonie, becoming alarmed at her
long absence, visited the room and found
her mother's dead body in the tub. Cor
oner's r>t?puties Flynn and Donahue, who
went for the body, found that the water
had escaped from the tub by reason of the
plug of the waste pipe being partly out
of the socket, but the dead woman's hair
and face were wet as though her body
had been covered by the water.
Morgue Surgeon Leland performed an
autopsy and found that the woman had
be«n drowned. She was also far gone
with pneumonia, and he expressed tho
opinion that she may have collapsed in
the bath and that the drowning was acci
dental. ;</::>:;:.;
TEAMSTEBS' LEGS ARE
BROKEN BY ARMY MULE
Wicked Animal Sends Two Employes
of the Quartermaster's Depart
ment to the Hospital.
Two of Uncle Sam's teamsters were not
able to sail on the army transport Lee
lanaw yesterday morning owing to the
misbehavior of one of the pack mules.
Out at the Presidio just a few moments
before the signal was given to start the
pack train for the wharf Teamster W. H.
Hardy got in the way of one of the nu
merous hoofs flying about and was sent
to the hospital with a broken leg: The
animal that kicked him seemed to have a
penchant for disabling teamsters, for
hardly had the train reached the wharf
when the mule let drive again, this time
landing on the shin of Teamster B. L.
Claiborne, breaking the bone. Both men
are being treated at the post hospital and
will spend the next few weeks racking
their brains for a cause for the mule s
Cn Thc y post hospital Is to be greatly Im
proved within the next few weeks. The
upper veranda is to be entirely inclosed
with glass, affording the patients an op
portunity to enjoy the sun without ex
posing themselves to the cold winds.
Warren Spellman, private in Company
C, Thirty-ninth Infantry, died yesterday
at the general hospital of chronic dysen
tery
Captain William E. Perviance, assistant
surgeon, U. S. A., has been assigned to
duty at the general hospital.
The Board of Education, after Ignoring
criticism as long as it could, yesterday
began to live up to the rule providing that
the chronological order of appointment
must be followed in the matter of assign
ing teachers.
Five assignments to classes were made
from the substitute list, and while two
teachers were overlooked in the selec
tions resolutions were adopted explain
ing the reasons therefor. The resolution
reassigning the teachers to classes, three
of which are new ones, in the Franklin,
Grant and Everett schools, follows:
Resolved, That the following assignments be
and are hereby made in accordance with the
dates of appointment to the department *of
teachers named, namely:
Miss M. A. Harrigan (appointed September
12, 1ST1). to the James Lick Grammar School,
during the leave of Miss A. D. Mlley.
Miss M. H. Slavan (appointed April 22, 1&73),
to the Everett Grammar School (new cl&ss),
during- the .leave of Miss J. Johnson.
Mrs. J. D. Cooper (appointed February 11,
1S79), to the Franklin Grammar School (new
claps).
Mlixs A. E. Sutherland (appointed December
16. 1SS4). to the Grant School (new class).
Mitts M. C. McKinney (appointed November
7, 1SSS), to the John Swett School, vice Mrs.
L. A. Shaw, transferred.
Miss A. E. Little, now No. 5 on the sub
stitute list, under date of April 2, 1S81,
having failed to report for substitute
duty, was placed on the unassigned list
until such time as she is willing to per
form substitute work.
Mrs. S. Holmes, now No. 6 on the sub
stitute list, under date of November 7,
1SSS, was placed on the unasslgned list
until her leave of absence expires.
The following unassigned teachers were
placed on the substitute list, in the order
of the dates of their appointment to the
department: Miss N. Gambltz, Miss E,
G. Sullivan, Miss J, McDonald, Miss E.
Hawkins and Miss M. F. Mooney.
Louis de F. Bartlett was appointed to
the principalship of the Hamilton Even
ing School.
Mrs. L. A. Shaw was transferred from
the John Swett School to the Hamilton
School.
E. W. Engs was placed on the evening
eligible list, under date of his appoint
ment, his leave having expired.
The salary of F. Daunet. janitor of the
Washington Grammar School, was fixed
at $65 per month.
Under suspension of the rules, teachers
are required In the future to visit other
Bchools but one-half day during each
term. .
The board transferred the power of re
pairing schoolhouses. which it had here
tofore usurped, to the Board of Public
Works, where It belongs. A g-esolutlon
was adopted providing that the repair de
partment of the School Department be
abolished, and that P. M. Wellln, inspec
tor of bullu»nes. and his assistants be
dismissed, their dismissals to take effect
October 15, 1900.
Director Casserly Introduced a resolu
tion providing that Miss Nellie O'Lough
lln. formerly vice principal of the Hearst
School, be temporarily assigned to the
vice principalship of the Horace Mann
School, but it failed to receive a second.
The resolution that permission be given
Mrs. L. K. Burke, principal of the Co
lumbia Grammar School, to hold a bazaar
for the Columbia school bed at the Chil
dren's Hospital, was also defeated.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
Pauline Hart. Miss Annette Mlley, A. J.
Houston and Miss Charlotte Thompson.
The resignation of Dr. Thomas B. W.
Leland as 'principal of the Hamilton Even
ing School was accepted.
Miss M. J. Canham applied for retire
ment upon a pension, she having been a
teacher in the department for twenty
eight years.
The City Board of Examination recom
mended renewals of teachers' certificates
to the following named: .'
Grammar grade — Miss Alice Madden, Miss
Cornelia Farrell, Miss Alice Lewis, Miss Eva
G. Elsen and Miss A. C. Maulty.
Primary trade— Mrs. B. A. Litton. Mrs. K.
J. Polley, Miss Katie Mayers. Miss Lola Mc-
Feely. Miss Mamie C. Donnelly, Mrs. M. Mlel
and Mrs. Marj^ Hosran.
The following named were recommended
to the State Board of Education for life
diplomas of the grammar grade: Mrs.
Elizabeth Butler. Miss K. M. Paxton,
Miss Marlon V. Earle and Miss M. F.
Lorigan. .
The following named were recommend
ed to the State Board of Education for
educational diplomas of the grammar
grade: Miss Lillian B. O'Neill, Miss Char
lotte, Lavery and Miss Caroline Barron.
The controversy over the right of Dep
uty Superintendent Kingsbury to repre
sent Superintendent Webster at the meet
ing was resumed. Webster sent a formal
New Classes Established in Three
Schools to Kelieve the Congestion
and Five Instructors Are
Assigned.
Directors at Last Act Justly
in Assigning the
Teachers.
PHIORITY RULE
IS OBSERVED BY
SCHOOL BOARD
The shoemakers employed by Bucking
ham & Hecht, who walked out last Satur
day, will return to work this morning.
This statement is made by Mr. Weil, su
perintendent of the works, and also by
Humphrey Gallagher, who was made
manager of the interests of the employes.
All parties seemed last evening to be
pleased that the controversy had come
to an end so soon. As was published yes
terday morning in The Call, Mayson
holder, who was dismissed, has been re
instated.
Humphrey Gallagher said last evening
that the situation was satisfactory to tho
men. The conditions were those existing
before the employes walked out. Mayson
holder had been taken back. The ques
tion concerning the dipping of shoes by
the welters had not been a bar to calling
the men back to work. The shoes will be
dipped as heretofore. The concern did
not want to pay the wages of a boy to
moisten the channels. Every employe was
notified yesterday afternoon to return to
work this morning at the usual hour.
Superintendent Well said: "Work will
be resumed to-morrow and our employes
will all return. Maysonholder has prom
ised to conform to the rules and he has
been taken back. As to the welters, that
question was settled to the satisfaction of
all concerned."
Buckingham & Hecht Beach Agree
ment on All Points "With the
Men Who Walked Out
Last Week.
Employes Will Resume Un
der Conditions Previ
ously-Existing.
SHOEMAKERS
RETURN TO WORK
THIS MORNING
notice that he had appointed KIngsbury
as his legal representative, but the board
again refused to recognize Kingsbury.
Stuart Harold, alias Stewart Upshur.
who fchot Special Policeman Barry
Haughen in Fischer's Concert House on
O'Farrell street Tuesday night, appeared
before Judge Fritz yesterday morning: and
was Instructed as to his rights. The case
was continued till Saturday, when the de
fendant will be arraigned on the charge
of assault to murder.
The Judge asked Detective Dinan as to
Haughtn's condition, and he replied that
he had seen the doctors at the Receiving
Hospital, who said the wound was not
dangerous, although Haughen had had a
narrow escape. The Judge then fixed
Harold's bonds in f3>fJ>) or $15*) cash bail,
but during the afternoon reduced the
amount of bail to HOW, which was put up
by John F. Mullender, and Harold was
released. H. W. Wills, who was with
Harold Tuesday night, who was detained
in the "tanks," was also released from
custody yesterday afternoon.
Uetectives McMahon and DInan, who
were detailed on the case, reported the re
euit of tn^ir inv«sugations to Captain Sey
mour yesterday. Iney found that during
the performance Tuesday night Harold
and his wife and Wills and Mrs. Krellili^
came into the place. While one of the
artists was singing the two ladies kept
humming the song, thereby attracting the
attention of the audience to them. Fischer
*poke to them and they rose and started,
for the door. Harold asked Fischer if he
uan'j'd them to go out, and after they had
raised a disturbance Fischer called the
special policeman, who with the assist
ance of a bartender named Hess put them
out. Harold called Fischer an offensive
name and Hess struck him between the
eyes, blackening them.
In about half an hour Harold and Wills
returned. Harold walked over to the spe
cial and deliberately phot him. Fischer
saw the revolver in Harold's hand and
grappled with him after he shot the spe
cl&i. He succeeded in taking the revolver
from Harold with the assistance of a
waiter named Cameron. Mrs. Means, wife
of one of the waiters, and Miss, Costello,
who is employed In the place, heard
Harold say as h<? was leaving the first
time that he would come back and shoot,
using an (jITensive expression. •
Barry Haughen, Wounded
Special Policeman, Will
Recover.
STUART HAROLD
IS OUT OF JAIL
A lecture which proved exceedingly In
teresting- to his audience was that deliv
ered by the Rev. Father Joseph P. Mc-
Quaid last night to San Francisco Coun
cil Xo. 7, Young Men's Institute, in Pio
neer Hall. S. A. White, president of the
council, presided and introduced the lec
turer, who, after his address, was pre
sented with a diamond badge of handsome
design by W. H. Langdon in behalf of the
council. Mr. Langdon in his presentation
speech spoke of Father McQuaid's record
in the Philippines.
The lecturer entitled his address "A
Trip Through Two Continents," which
were Eastern Asia and Europe. The
starting point was at Honolulu, and the
speaker bade adieu to his hearers in
what, to his audience's delight, he termed
the "old land."
Of Honolulu the Rev. Mr. McQuaid
said that the leprosy, though apparently
I'ttle feared, is held in constant terror by
the inhabitants, who, while professing to
laugh at its existence, ward with extra
ordinary precautions against Its ravages.
Japan, the next place visited, was de
scribed as beine the home of a people
who were made up of a curious mixture
of immorality, dishonesty, simplicity and
politeness. "They are a hardy race/' said
Father McQuaid, "but are densely igno
rant and terribly regardless of the first
principles of hygiene. This accounts for
their enormously high death rate— SO 000
to a birth record of 1.000.000. Fires in win
ter are comparatively unknown even in
the best hotels. Their place is taken by
small stoves which give little or no heat."
A graphic picture of the Catholic mis
sion work in China was the next subject
of the lecturer. He spoke of the Catholic
missions as being the only ones to be
found beyond a radius of a hundred miles
from a European settlement.
"The engineers who constructed rail
roads through Chinese graveyards re
gardless of this people's veneration for
the dead." said the speaker, "are in a
large measure to blame for the recent
Boxer outbreak, and not the missionar
ies, as we have been told— at any rate, not
the Catholic ones."
While in Rome Father McQuaid had the
rare experience of a private audience
with the Pope, whom he describes as be
ing extremely old and feeble, but with a
light in his eyes that Indicates such in
domitable spirit that the lecturer said:
"I should not be surprised if Leo XIII
lived to be a hwidred."
But it was when the priest spoke of Ire
land that his hearers showed most inter
est, mention of every familiar town or
village calling forth enthusiastic applause.
"Despite the rule of an alien power, Ire
land shows Mgns of a prosperity which
can only be designated as splendid, and In
this way is building up the surest means
to the final triumph," concluded Father
McQuaid.
Father McQuaid Says Way
Is Being Prepared for
Final Triumph.
BRIGHTER DAYS
IN EMERALD ISLES
PRESBYTERIANS
DISCUSS THEIR
FORMS OF FAITH
Local Ministers Will Oppose
Radical Revision of Their
Confession.
When the Presbyterian Synod of Cali
fornia meets next Monday at Berkeley
there will be no material changes In the
Westminster confession If the Presbytery
of San Francisco can prevent any by
united action. A proposition to revise this
confession, has agitated the Presbyterian
church of the United States for over a
year. In the Eastern States many sug
gestions, some of them radical and most
Important, have been made, but the West
has never placed Itself on record as op
posing any changes except verbal ones
in the credal articles of the Presbyterian
faith.
The Presbytery of San Francisco has
taken the Initiative In this matter and its
decision will doubtless have great weight
with other presbyteries in. the State. The
local ecclesiastical body has been In ses
sion to listen to proposed changes to the
confession, based upon Eastern agitation
and modlticatlon. The committee chosen
for this work was composed as follows:
Rev. Dr. Henry C. Minton, Rev. Dr. John
Hemphlll, Re\\ Dr. Robert Mackenzie,
Rev. Dr. Sturge and Elder W. P. Len
festy. The report which this committee
submitted was unanimously adopted by
the presbytery and now represents the
collective views of that body.
This report does no more than modify
the language of the Westminster confes
sion without making any essential change
in an article of faith. The language of
the confession In reference to predestina
tion, foreordlnatlon and the doctrine of
infant damnation is changed so 'us to be
more explicit. A suggestion is also made
to remove the prohibition upon marriage
between Catholics and Presbyterians.
These are the only changes which the
local presbytery will accept, and if the
synod attempts any more radical revision
the local body will vote unanimously to
dismiss the whole subject.
The United Presbyterian Church of Cal
ifornia has begun a series of sessions of
great importance to the denomination in
this State. The meetings are being held
In the First United Presbyterian Church
at Golden Gate avenue and Polk street.
The meetings include the autumn meeting
of the United Presbytery of San Fran
cisco, the eleventh annual meeting of the
Presbyterial -Young People's Society of
Christian Endeavor and the biennial meet
ing of the United Presbyterian Synod of
California. !
Representatives from all parts of the
State are present and the sessions will
continue morning, afternoon and night
during to-day and to-morrow. The ladles
of the First United Presbyterian Church
have made elaborate preparations to re
ceive and entertain the guests and dele
gates. The assembly rooms are daintily
adorned with flowers and lunches will be
served during the days of the meeting.
The first session was held last night
under the direction of the Rev. W. H.
French. D. D., of Easton. Cal. Dr. French
opened the services with devotional exer
cises. He was followed by the Rev. J. M.
Glllesple of Castrovllle, a candidate for
ministerial honors. The reverend gentle
man delivered an eloquent sermon, gave
the necessary answers to questions pro
pounded and was ordained to the gcupel
ministry. The opening J^ress of the
Young People's Society of Christian En
deaver.was then delivere'd by the Rev. J.
L. McKlttrick of San Jo.«e, who chose as
his theme the "Outlook Through the
Golden Gate of the Twentieth Century.
The meetings to-day will begin at 9
o'clock In the morning.
Betrothal of Popular
Couple Made Pub- ¦
lie Yesterday.
1 —
THE ladfes of the Century Club
gave a delightful reception yester
day afternoon in honor of Ho
Yow, the Chinese Consul. In the
hall where the reception was
held the Chinese dragon and the stars
and stripes mingled their folds and made
a very pleasing decoration. Ho Yow ad
dressed the club women and ppoke of the
prescnf affairs in China. Eli T. Sheppard
also spoke of life in the Orient and Mrs.
Frances Edgerton read an interesting let
ter telling of life in the Oriental legation.
After the programme the ladies were
formally presented to the Consul by Mrs.
Fred Hewlet, their club president.
? • •
Last evening at 8:30 Miss Ramola Blge
low and Samuel Austin Wood were mar
ried at the home of, the bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. S. C Bigelow, on McAllister
street. Mr. Leavitt of the First Unitarian
Church performed the ceremony. The
home was beautifully decorated for the
occasion with a profusion of choice whito
blossoms and palms and ferns. The
bride was attended by Miss Mary Hath
away and Miss Kate Gunn, who acted as
bridesmaids. William F. Wood was best
man and John Zeile and. Power Hutchins
were the ribbon bearers.
The bride wore an exquisite white crepo
gown. The bridesmaids were attired allico
In green mousseline over green silk and
carried bouquets of sweet lavender. One
hundred and fifty guests were present at
the wedding.
• • •
William Pierce and Miss Lottie Bau
man, two of Suisun's most prominent
young people, were married yesterday
afternoon at 3 o'clock at the residence of
the bride's uncle, D. K. McMullen, on Pa
cific avenue. Rev. A. F. Hitchcock o?
Suisun performed the ceremony, which
was witnessed by fifty invited guests.
H. Bailey of Oakland was best man ani
Miss Susan McMullen officiated as brides
maid. It was a pink and green wedding,
and pink blossoms and a profusion of
palms and ferns made the home beauti
ful. The bride wore an elegant gown of
fawn colored silk and Miss McMullen, the
bridesmaid, was attired in a stylish
lavender crepe gown. Mr. and Mrs
Pierce left last evening for the East,
where they expect to epend two or three
months.
PRESTON- OWENS ENGAGEMENT PROVES
A DELIGHTFUL SURPRISE TO SOCIETY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1900.
art.. She is also an athletic girl, excelling
especially as a horsewoman.
Len D. Owens, . the fortunate man, is
the senior partner of the California Bill
Posting Co., of Owens, Varnej* & Green.
He is an ardent sportsman and for sev
eral years was a director of the Olympic
Club. He was also tne chief organizer
and captain of the defunct Olympic Gun
Club. Although Mr. Owens goes in for all
kinds of sports, he excells' as a gunman
and has a reputation as a trapshot that
extends throughout the State.
The wedding of the young couple will
be celebrated at "Portola Hall," the ele
gant Preston home near Redwood City.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DUTY OF MOTHERS.,
What suffering frequently results
from a mother's ignorance ; or more
frequently from a mother's neglect to
properly instruct her daughter I
Tradition says "-woman must suf-
fer," and young women are so taught.
There is a little truth and a great deal
of exaggeration in this. If a young
woman suffers severely she needs
treatment, and her mother should see
that she gets it.
Many mothers hesitate to take their
daughters to a physician for examina-
tion ; but no mother need hesitate to
¦write freely about her daughter or
herself to Mrs. , Pinkham and secure
the most efficient advice ¦without
charge. Mrs. Pinkham's address is
Lynn, Mass.
Mrs. August Pfalzgraf, of South
Byron, Wis., mother of the young lady
whose portrait we here publish, -wrote
Mrs. Pinkham in January, 1899, saying
her daughter had suffered for two
years -with irregular menstruation —
had headache all the time, and pain in
her side, feet swell, and was generally
miserable. Mrs. Pinkham promptly
replied with advice, and under date of
March, 1899, the mother writes again
that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound cured her daughter of all
pains and irregularity.
Nothing in the world equals Mrs.
Pinkham's great medicine for regu-
lating woman's peculiar monthly
; troubles.
Special
Sale of Silks
Worth 85c and $1.00 at
At our silk department you will find Fou-
lard silks in seasonable shades and desirable
designs; black and colored silks in crepon
effects, corded, hemstitched and brocaded
stripes; black silks with a variety of colored
Stripes; also an excellent quality of standard
Taffeta in the leading shades for fall ; all of
which will be sold at the special price of
O^3 c a yard * - !
129 Kearny Street
<3AY!AWT i DTHOTSTUTFl
THE YELLOW KID
Even can have hla linen laundered In
beautiful style at this laundry. Collars,
cuffs, business or dress shirts are laun-
dered to the acme of beauty and away
up beyond the standard of ordinary laun-
dry work.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts It
you wish It.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
You will never have greasy,
soggy, indigestible food if you
use
WHITE COTTOLENE
in your cooking.
Have you tried it since the last
great improvement was made in
its manufacture? It is neutral
now.
fotr ,rjg^ The NXFalrbank Company,
f „, ' "" - -^ Chics**— Sole UjLBOfactoicra.
V iSaaSKJS f FRFF! Our dainty booklet.
}*3Ftr*?¥?& XIVl - E - J "A Public Secret,"
I i?» iPtf JSffll matlwl tn9 to »nr iiddr-s*. Kor
zUCAwDt; I <">« !p stamp w « w "l "nd free our
[ *£g2r2«'-*i 1;:5 P«*» recipe hook. "Homo
'C^gg'aa/ Helps." edited by Mrs. Rorer.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The bent evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them their head-
quarters when Tlsltlng San Francisco.
Connected by a. covered passageway and
operated under on* management on lh»
American and European plan.
Mfffmmm^ TOPICS F»O CH"V.
/ga&Sggi. Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
ftSSar-^fi* graduate of Canton Medical
(apBKgGnS College, after a very success-
&» 'Ki^ ' u ' practice of many years In
B*'«S Jr^ China, has located !n San
Eg *v tl Francisco. The surprising and
Rv\ W marvelous cures effected by
CiZvA his herbs demonstrate their
potence and his skill. TheM
£KflKggHHK£5K} berba cure over 400 different
t«©^*a«.?% diseases. including Brl«hf»
>><mftas- " Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion. Asthma. Paralysis.
Brain. Nerve, Cancers, Tumors, Blood. Mai*
and Female Maladies. All persons afflict-*!
-with any kind of malady whatsoever are In-
vited to call. Office. 727 Washington st. Offlc»
hours — 9 a. m. to 12 m., 1 to 9 p. m. : Sunday*.
10 a. m. to 12 m. Accept grateful thanks for
effecting a cure of asthma of several yearm'
standing. A. DARLEY. San Kafa-I.
DR. HALL'S EELNYIGORATORHTTSg
Five hundred reward for any *Vaa?ra9
case we cannot cure. This secret ISM Iw9
remedy stops all losses In 2-i hours. J H
cures Emissions. Impotency, Vart- K5BI I&9
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits. B^i W^n
Strictures. Lest Manhood and all &U LlXj
wasting effects of self-abuse or EsH U~)g
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 EESn9WI
bcttles, $5; guaranteed to cur* any case. Ad-
dress HALLS MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. 853
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10T3S
Market St.. S. F. All prlvata diseases quickly
cured. Sead for free book.
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DB
FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Lost Angeles. CaL
#^*S S t2&£fi'itt ™ z f* V \* non.pciJier.oni
-iGfcJsf^^^lLiDI rsraedy for Gonorrha?*,
VtSBrCCBXaiafl Ojeet. Sparmatorrhces,
m&ffin l to 6 ««7*/V Wfhlto*, nnmtprtl Ji*.
BSTiM Qaawk«»*l M charges, or »ny ,lii2a-nm*-
mKW not to Mrtetora. tion. i irritation or Uiccr*»
Pfr ijfwau ooauglaa. tlon ot tan coat men*
iStmEYMaCHEMUiitCoi bri3e «- Noo-MtrlnsenU
V^omc!wi*Ti.o.KHB *° Id f 7 ?™«* i * ta '
VSfV c - a >?£a or ** nC '° Pl»*n wr»p;«»r.
JSSPNw: * " l*O^3 b 7 express, prepaid, tut
Pi ill t'-°°. or 3 bc«tl«ik, &7X ,
v 9 Circuit* tcac uTrmnirdt,
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men anb^, women strong and •trong
men and womtn stronger. Rooms 5 and 6, 47
Post st.. San Francisco. CaL
ri-ADIES-'ONIA"
SS^pyco'faM P heian &Jg..S*n tTaadsoe. Cal.
DR.' CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLOSETS.
STRICTURES and analagous complaints of th*
Organs of Generation. ¦> ¦-.<¦
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
? -H-I I M»H 1 1 I I 1 1 II : I i i m-m-HuHi ; H I I l"?-'H"H"l'M"I":^-H-^-»
PERUNA HAS BECOME !
1 A HOUSEHOLD NECESSITY, !
? •3-k-m-k i : i : : ; : : i i-im-i-i-m-i i i i i h-huh-m-m-i i i i i m-h-h- •
There is no other thing that the household needs worse than a
good family medidne. There are a thousand and one little ailments
that are sure to spring up which can be promptly relieved by such a
o^c-c~c~c~o~o~o~o^c~o*o~o^ medicine. A family miy have a
? * good P h y siciai l near at hand, in
? MWfM//¥^^ ? whom they have great confidence,
? ®S9^ffi^^^^^K^\ * yet a household remedy cannot he
? J^Pis^' V A slight hoarseness, hacking
4 llili' V '^«^/ * cou C n « COtl in lhe head, or ca-
4 ¦*&£*>. ° tarrhal indigestion, for which no
o "''^f^^^- J^N^ &&( * one would think of calling a family
? hS^^J jjjgjjf o physician, may be promptiv met
? Vi x. T o and mitigated bv a lamily medicine.
? \J X^j-^X */ ° Peruna has found its way into
? \\ \-^t_'H "* W * thousandsof households. We are
? • \ / * receiving letters from a multitude
o */y \ ""^ y * of intelligent women, Njrth, South,
£ P^s^fc— -^ -On/ ° ast and West, who leel that they
? i ~**z&Z$ ? could not keep house without Pe-
*<^iiiif^iGrai^^^iil lil?li> O runa * Following j s a sample of
c'^^^^^^^^^^^^^* Mrs. Ju°ia C.^Brown, Secretary
c^^^^^^P^^^^^ ? Genera! Henry W. Lawion Circle,
0 I No - 2 ?> Ladies of tne G - A - R " of
? /§§V7?iPi^llP^ Pecatonica, Iil., writes:
? * The Peruna A\edicine Company,
9 " Jj Columbus, Ohio;
? MRS. JULIA C. BROWN. J Gentlemen— "I have used Pe-
runa jn my homg the fQur
years and am thoroughly convinced that it is a reliable family rem-
edy. If any member of the family feels badly, catch cold or suffer
any physical ailment, Peruna brings us back to health in a few days.
1 find it splendid in cases of indigestion, or any irregularities of the
stomach." Very truly, MRS. JULIA C. BROWN.
Address The Peruna Medicine Company, Columbus, Ohio, for a
free catarrh book.
THE EUCPOBXTTM. . . | THE EUPOBHTM.
Hundreds of Short Lengths of This Season's Silk
and Wool Fabrics.
Dress Goods
SUtti SimHi
Remnants
One-Quarter Off
Already Reduced Prices
To-Day Only,
Thursday, October 11.
P OoldcnRale Bazam*. *
CALIFORNIA'S tAROCST-A-nERICA-* OKANDEST STOML
Come in (Morning for This Sale if Possible —
devoid the Irtish ant Get First Choice.
It's Worth Coming Down This {Morning to Get a
First Choice and Avoid the Crowds.BRYAN'S POPULAR VOTE— K. S. G.,
Pleyto, Cal. ;. The popular vote for Wil
. Ham J. Bryan "in 1896 was: Straicht
fusion, 6,267,193, and the straight Populist
vote for. him was 245,728/,
k THE AUSTRALIAN : BALLOT— M. S.V
MINING - LITERATURE— W. M. H.,
French Camp, Calf i; For such . mining '. lit
erature as you desire you should address
the State Mining Bureau, ferry building
San Francisco. . ;
TO CORRESPONDENTS.
$40,000 to $5,000,000. The", incorrigible youngster
can't tell the truth even through a medium.
The Los Angles man whose wife eloped with a
Lothario who offered $10,000 for her ought to have
if a>onablc grounds for a complaint of grand larceny.
The local yellow sheet has scored another triumph.
The property of a dead San Pablo woman whose
strange affairs were described in The Call has. in
creased through the wild yarn of the yellow .kid from
And. sti}l the Sun !s bothered. The Na
tional Association of Democratic Clubs
met at Indianapolis and endorsed W. R.
Hearst, and Hearst repudiates Bryan's
free silver notions! Now how does this
leave us of the rank and file? Leave, us
who are not authorized to do anything
but follow leaders? Who do not care to
do anything but follow leaders? The Sun
might-interpret it to mean a free lance
on that issue, but it prefers. to advise an
adherence to the platform and the voice
df the leader chosen aJL Kansas City. It
is not a time for dropping planks out of
the platform, '' albeit the plank was not
of the Sun's making. Dissension is not
a good pastime for leaders to engage in
on . the eve ! of battle. The Sun wishes
there was some "boss" in the party big
enough to pour some oil on the troubled
waters. ; '' yitnH^fffllpMtMMBII
(Colust Sun, Dem.)
HEARST' REPUDIATES
FREE SILVER NOTIONS
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— George ,W,
Price of Los Angeles is at the Arling
ton ; G. W. Wilcox is at the Ebbitt; Mr.
and Mrs. Talcott of Pasadena and Arnold
Ballak of Ban Francisco', are at the
Raleigh. . A
It is gratifying that^Mrs. Sather has made the gift
now instead of waiting to"dispose of it by will. In
the first place the action saves the gift from the dan
ger of being wasted in litigation "over, any will she
might have made, and in the second place it enables
a grateful public to have the satisfaction of showing
to her how cordially her help given to the university
is appreciated by all. It is better to have the privilege
of thanking the living than to prbnounce eulogiums
upon the dead. ...
pit is a wonderful .future that lies before. the Univer
sity of California. As the Statejncreases in wealth
and population its revenue from taxation will aug
ment, but they will not be the .only sources of its
greatness. It is already evident that Californians
are to take the same patriotic pride in Berkeley that
Massachusetts people. take in Harvard, and that the
donations of liberal men and women rare to be among
its chief riches. It is well it should be.soV Such a re
lation between the university and \ the wealth of the
State will redound to the honor of both.' Many will
be the gifts : to" Berkeley in the years to come,; and
Mrs. Sather may justly beVpngratujated upon, having
her • name enrolled among the \ most.' liberal of those
who give them. ;• .. ........ ;
MRS. SATHErVS GIFT.
\ARS. JANE K.SATHER has enrolled her
/ \ name on the list of those Californians whose
munificent generosity entitles them to honor,
and who by their liberality have erected a memorial
more lasting. than marble— one of permanent benefit
to the cause of education. Her gift of $100,000 to the
University of California comes at an opportune time,
and is to be devoted to some of the noblest purpsses
of the institution. In itself it will be of advantage to
the State, and by its example it will incline dther per
sons of wealth to be equally liberal in supporting the
general good;_
The Filipinos are now using American guns, it. is
said. They probably never/heard that story of the
man behind the gun and what he means to the other
fellow. »
The arrival at headquarters of the heads without
j the bodies of these dignitaries may have a stimulating
effect upon 'the concert and give Waldersee an oppor
tunity to send a dispatch to the Kaiser. There are,
however, omens of disagreement among the allies
even upon that point. Some authorities are suspicious
the Chinese may give the Generalissimo a gold brick
in the shape of heads cut from the bodies of quite or
dinary Chinamen instead of the. heads of the'digni-
'About, the only thing that appears to have been
gained is the consent of the Chinese to surrender to
the Christian powers the heads which Kaiser Williatn
nas demanded as a preliminary to peace negotiations.
It has been announced that Ying Nien, president of
the Ccnsorate; Yang Yi, assistant grand secretary and
president of the Civil Board, and Chao Shu Chino,
president of the Board of Punishment, will be decapi
tated; that Prince Chwang, Duke Tsai Lan" and
Prince Yih will be sentenced to life imprisonment,
and that Prince Tuan.will be banished to the imperial
military post roads on the Siberian frontier.
Other capitals appear to have been more fortunate
than Berlin. They have heard about Waldersee, i£
not from him, and the reports are by no means sat
isfactory. Thus a London dispatch says the. General
issimo has decided to divide the administration of
the railways in- Northern China between the Germans
and the Russians to the exclusion of all the other
powers. The action is said to be a proof of the
humble position Great Britain has been compelled to
take in that part of the Chinese empire, and of the in
difference of Germany and Russia to British interests
or British power.
Other evidences of «. lack of harmony are reported.
A dispatch to the New York Sun from Tientsin says:
"The growing unfriendliness between the troops of
the various nations has not been ameliorated by two
recent incidents. The English were invited to par
ticipate in an expedition sent to capture the Peitang
ports, and the Russians and Germans took the place
October 1 without waiting for the arrival of the Brit
ish. The other was when the British gunboat Pigmy
on September 30 landed a force of marines at Shan
haikwan and took the forts there. The Russians at
Port Arthur had planned an expedition against this
place and did not learn of the action of the British
until October 2."
Th|E MUDDLE IN CH.IN0.
T~^v ISPATCHES from the Orient and from
I ) various European capitals relating to Chinese
*-^ affairs show that the concert of the powers has
not beem improved to any fereat extent by the agree
ment to accept Count von Waldersee as Generalis
simo. Indeed a Berlin dispatch of the 9th stated that
up to that time no news of him had been received by
the German War office since the announcement that
he had arrived at the front and taken charge of af
fairs. It is said to be taken for granted that the de
tails of organization have absorbed his attention to
such an extent he has had no time to dictate reports.
There is something odd in the report that the Em
peror of Austria has forbidden the use of automobiles
in any way at the maneuvers of the Austrian army. It
has been believed hitherto that the Austrians were
keeping up with the procession in military matters,
but that report sounds different.
SiZrli I f " th e States and Territories,
except Arizona Territory. Xew Mexico.
isorth Carolina and South Carolina
•SfASSiKKsr 1 ballot syst ™ "' *
DIMES OF 1894-S. E. B.. Stockton. Cal.
Dimes of 1894 that do not bear the letter
b. to show that such were issued out of
the San Francisco branch mint, do not
command a premium.
SHOEMAKERS MAXIMS — E., City
The following are probably the maxims
you desire:
Worn on the side, soon a rich man's
* bride.
Worn on the toes, spends as he goe**
u orn on the heel, he thinks a good deal,
\\ orn on the vamp, he's surely a scamp.
BRICK POMEROT-W. M. H.. French
Camp, Cal. Mark Mills Pomeroy, at one
time editor and proprietor of the La
Crosse Democrat, wrote for that paper
under the name of "Brick Pomeroy." It
was David Rosse Locke who wrote under
the name of Petroleum V. Naoby.
I INSPECTRESS OF CUSTOMS-G. A. S.,
City. The duties of an inspectress of cus
toms in the United States is to inspect the
bnpKapo of the female sex when calle-J
upon to do bo. and particularly those of
that sex who may have contraband goods
on their persons. Such positions are un
der civil service rules, and one applying
for such must make application for the
necessary blanks at the office of the secre
tary of the commission at the Custom
house. ¦ '
.THE COLORS— Veteran. ' Santa Rosa,
Cal. The answer given to a correspondent
in this department relative to the placing
of the colors for decorative purposes was
strictly correct. The assertion that "blue is
union and is plncedat the top" is available
only when the blue is studded with star*
then it represents the Union, and then
°. nIy ' A P iecp of blue bunting is only a
piece of blue fabric, and as the American
colors are red, white and blue, red is the
dominant color and shoula be placed at
the head. If blue Is placed at the head it
then represents the colors of France
w £. ar a e " bleu » blanc et rouge" (blue'
white and red). l '
Yet he possesses the power and does not remove
Assessor Dodge for attempting to divert $60,000 in
polltax commissions from the treasury into his own
pocket, notwithstanding the act constitutes a flagrant
violation of the charter!
Nor does he remove Treasurer Brooks for the same
offense. That gentleman has a suit designed to se
cure for him the collateral inheritance tax commis
sions alleged to be due him under State laws. These
will amount in two years to about $10,000. As in the
case of Dodge, Mr. Brooks* salary is fixed at $4000
a year, which is in full for all services.
Why does not Phelan remove, these gentlemen for
violating the charter? Is it because they are Demo
crats? Or is it because what they are doing suits
him?
Why. dors he vent his anger upon the poorly paid
?nd inoffensive clerks and deputies who are endeav
oring to protect themselves from his partisan Civil
Service Commission? Is it because they are mostly
opposed to him in politics, or because they are inter
fering with the forcible appointment of large num
bers of Charley Fay "organization** Democrats?
Phelan ought to take the people into his confidence
on this subject. \
The attack that a number of employes of the city are
making on the civil Eervlce is a serious matter. If it
is true that the real plaintiffs in the suit are men In the
offices of Assessor Dodg-e, Sheriff Lackmann. Coroner
Cole. Recorder Godchaux and County Clerk Deane, then
it is the duty of those officers to dismiss the offending
employes. The foes of the civil sen-ice have no' right
to hold positions in the city government. By becoming
parties to the suit in Question they have violated the
LAW, that is, THE CHARTER, they have conspired
to thwart the expressed will of the people who adopted
the charter by a great majority, and they have broken
their pledges to the people. These pledges were formu
lated In the party .platform, and both the Republican
and the Democratic parties in their platforms indorped
the civil service. If I were at the head of one of the
offices the employes of which are fighting civil service
I ehould discharge every mm that subscribed money to
pay the costs of the suit or otherwise countenanced
this attack on the charter. \
The charter provides that the Mayor may remove
the head of any elective office and send him before the
Supervisors for trial. If Phelan were in any one of
the positions now occupied by Dodge, Lackmann,
Deane, Cole and Godchaux he says he would re
move his employes for becoming parties to a suit to
test the civil sen-ice provisions of the charter.
As far as I know none of the attaches of the Assps
eor'c office are ;>arty to this attack. All my clerks and
d^rutie? effurp me that they are not !n the combination
to attack the civil service law. Furthermore, my clerks
assort that they knew notMng of the puit, except the
rumors which have been circulating about the City Hall
that an injunction v.-as to be asked for. I am not In
sympathy with this *-uit, but I AM IN FAVOR OF Sl'P
POKTING THE CHARTER AS IT STANDS. I believe
the law is good and will stand the test in the courts.
If Assessor Dodge is in favor of '"supporting the
charter as it stands" why did he a few weeks ago
bring a suit himself to annul a section which fixes his
salary? The provision in question says that the As
sessor shall perform all the duties required of him by
law for $4000 a year. Dr. Dodge's action not only
contemplates changing this, but if he wins it will re
sult in turning $60,000 in polltax commissions from
the city treasury during his term into his pocket.
This is saying nothing about the thousands that will
go the same way in other terms. Is this '"supporting
the charter as it stands"?
An evening paper, on the same subject, quotes
Mayor Phelan as saying:
A MORNING paper Tuesday, speaking of a suit
brought to test the civil service provisions oi
the ¦ charter, quoted Assessor Washington
Dodge as having said:
INTERESTING QUESTIONS.
Six bridal couples were registered at the
California last evening, which b^ats all
previous records at this favorite hostelry.
Each couple supposed themselves the only
newly wedded guests in the house. J. V.
McKlerman and wife arrived at the hotel
last evening from San Jose; H. M. Adams
and . wife redstered from Spokane, and
the following named from this city; H. G.
Gerson and wife, W. D. Pennycook and
wife. J. B. Slocum and wife and S. A.
AVood Jr. and wife. Mr. Slocum is freight
clerk on the steamer Coptic.
S. J. Palmer of Galveston Is at the Russ.
He was in the ill-fated city at the time
of the flood and narrowly escaped being
drowned. His son lost his life in the
waters.
Fred Belasco, lessee and manager of the
Alcazar Theater, left for New York Tues
day in search of new plays and talent for
his patrons. He will be gone two or three
weeks and expects to return with some of
the latest successes In the play line.
E. C. Rutherford of the Sacramento
Record-Union, accompanied by his wife,
is spending a few days in the city. They
are at the California.
Clarence Haydock, freight and passen
ger agent for the Illinois Central Railroad
Company at Los Angeles, is visiting
friends in town.
U. C. Bluett, wife and daughter of Los
Angeles are stopping at the Occidental for
a»few days.
J. S. Reardon, traveling auditor of the
Santa Fe Valley road, is spending a few
days in town, making his headquarters at
?the Grand.
1 J. J. Morcy, a. Watsonville banker, is in
the city for a few days and is staying at
the Grand.
Benjamin Thomas, a Delano business
man, is stopping at the Grand for a few
days. . r -V^.^
J.^C. Steele. a mining man of Trinity
Center, la in the city for a' few days and
is stopping at the Grand.
A.. Meyer, the well known Modesto mer
chant, is registered at the Lick.
t,. A. Spltzer, Santa Clara County As
sessor, is registered at the Grand.
C. M. Belshaw of Antloch, member of
the State Assembly, is visiting in this
city.
iJoserh D. Blddle of Hanford, a big land
owner and oil man. is registered at the
Grand/ ' ¦ •¦'¦' • ¦ ' - - *%>>"-.
H. K. StahJ of San Jose is at the Grand.
E. McLauehlin of San Jose is at, the
Occidental.
John Daly, a merchant at Healdsburg,
is at the Grand.
C. "W. Pendleton. a L,os Angeles attor
ney, is at the Grand.
Frank D. Ryan, attorney at Sacramento,
is stopping at tho Grand.
Senator J. J. Luchsinger of Vallejo is
in the city on a short visit.
Assemblyman F. E. Dunlap of Stockton
is in town for a few days. .
Assemblyman George G. Radcliff of
Watsonville is visiting friends in town. ;
PERSONAL MENTION.
issue. In fact. I think it Is the only issue
they will have.
There has never been any doubt in my
mind since the Democrats reaffirmed the
Chicago platform in the Kansas City plat
form that McKinley would be re-elected
by a larger majority than four years ago.
The farmers, who were discontented then
will vote for McKinley because of the
prosperous times. There are many other
things that have changrtyi In favor of
McKinley since four veara ago. All In
all. no American need fear when he votes
for McKinley that ne is votins for a
King'.
I know of many Democrats. " gonje of
them office holders, that will vote for Mc-
Kinley this year. , , -
, ,, ' ALBERT LIEBER.
Indianapolis, Ind., Oct. 2, 1900.
HEAD OF BIG BREWERY SYN
DICATE DESERTS BRYAN'S
CAUSE.
There is not a Congressional district in the State
where the Republicans cannot win a victory if thev
work hard. In each ense the party candidate is strong
personally. They are known among the most emi
nent of their fellow citizens and can be counted on to
uphold faithfully every interest of their constituents
p.nd of the people generally. They are, therefore en
titled to the support not only of the Republicans, but
of the independent voters of their districts, and in
every case they should receive it. California has much
to expect from the administration. Let ! us send a
solid delegation to support it.
It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that most of
the Republican Congressional'candidates in this. State
have had experience in the. House and are therefore,
for that reason as well as for others, much better fitted
to look after Californian interests in the House than
their opponents. These men have been tried in Con
gress and have been found faithful and efficient. Some
of them hold important positions on committees and
are able to be of greater service than any new man
could possibly be.
California should be represented at Washington by
a solid Republican delegation. Both Senators froin
the State are now Republicans. • It remains to elect a
Republican from every Congressional district. It will
be of advantage in many ways to have a delegation in
harmony with the administration. There is much in
the way of Federal legislation and of appropriations
needed to advance Californian interests. These can
be obtained much better by Congressmen in harmony
with the Government than by those who would be
oppo?ed to it. Furthermore, even if State interests
were not concerned, the voters of California should
do their share in sending to Washington men who will
uphold the policies of sound finance, protection and
other Republican measures which tend to maintain
the prosperity of the people.
Republicans control the present House .by a very
narrow majority. That fact has been noted by the more
astute Democratic leaders, and, knowing that Bryan's
chances are but a forlorn hope, "they planned from the
beginning a skillfully devised campaign to capture the
House. In nearly every district they have nominated
about the best man they could induce to ' stand for
Bryanisfn, and as a consecjiience are in a position to
rally to the standards of the Congressional candidates
a much larger following. than they can get to support
the electoral ticket.- It is therefore a hard fight that"
awaits the Republicans in ¦many a district, and voters
should fully realize the fact. ' .
It is hardly necessary to point, out to intelligent
men the importance of electing a House -of Repre
sentatives in harmony with the administration. Many
great measures are to.be dealt with by the next Con
gress. In the. short term that remains of the present
House there will be time for the transaction of little
more than routine business. It is probable the ship
ping bill, the Nicaragua canal .bill, the immigration
restriction bill and measures devised for the govern
ment of the Philippines may have to be postponed un
til the gathering of the next Congress. Should that
be so the Democrats, by obtaining control of the
House of Representatives, might and probably would
seriously hamper the administration in effecting the
needed legislation along lines conforming to Repub
lican principles.
THE FIGHT FOR THE HOUSE.
collected reports from all States
r . ¦ . that have been considered doubtful render it
y^Tf-: ascertain as anything in politics can be that
McKinley will be triumphantly re-elected to ¦ the
Presidency. The same reports, however, show that
thereis by no means the same assurance of the return
of a Republican majority to- the House of Represen
tatives. The fight in the Congressional district^ con
stitutes the danger point of the campaign, and to
those contests all loyal Republicans should now * give
their close attention and devote their energies.
. Out of the British elections there has come a new
phrase that may some day be of use here. Mr. Cham
berlain has been charged with being "a poisonal
menace to the world." It is understood that to be
poisonous is not half so bad as to be poisonal.
THURSDAY »\ . 1 • -OCTOBER 11, 1000
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor. ;
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OrMCE ..Telephone v^^j£H
• riULICATIOX OFFICE Market and Third. S. V.
T.-Ifpliotie Frenm 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. 77. .217 to 221 Sterennon St.
Telephone P-re«« 202.
Delivered l»>- Cnrrlrrn. US Cent* l*er Week.
Mnple Oople*. f» Cent*.
Term* hy M.tll. Inolutilns rostanri
riAII.T CAM. (including Purrtay>. one year * ? -W
!'ATT.Y CALL UncludinR EundayK 6 rr.onthft 3.00
I>AII,r CAUL, MncliKiirur Sunflavt. 3 mcr.thB '-;- 0
PAU.T CAIX— By Fir.glf Mcr.tb liC
fiI'.\T>AT CALL. One Tear *•«
tVEEKLT CALL.. On» Tear 1 - C0
All po«lmi!<frr> fire nntliorlred to receive
HnltKcrlptlon*.
Sample copies trill b* forward^ wh« requested.
Mai! subscribers in ordering rlianpp Of addrfr* should be
particular t-> give both NEW AND OLD ADDRKSS In erfler
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
GEORGE C. KHOGNKSS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquet'e Building. Chicago
(long Distance Telephone "Centre! 261?.")
ICETT TOnK CORRIVPOXTJENT:
C. C. CARLTO\ Herald Sanare
NTTVT YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH SO Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Weiacrf-Artorla Hotel: A. Brectano, SI Cnlon Square;
Murray HI51 HcteL
CHICAGO NEWS ETANTS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorlcm Hctel.
WASHIXGTOX (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1406 C St., N. W.
MORTOX E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
BRASCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:39 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
*:J0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 8 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-eecond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Indianapolis had grinned before, but when it read
this special it laughed. That is, all but the Bryan men
laughed. They turned their faces to the wall and
swore. That slip exposed the whole fake. Hearst's
writers had written up the whole iridescent rot in Chi
cago; it was never wired from Indianapolis at all.
It was not a truthful account of anything that hap
pened, and its circulation added to the humiliation of
the day's flat and mortifying failure. Not the least
among those who enjoyed it were the other Demo
cratic new-paper men, Who arc not pleased with
Hearst's constant use of party gatherings to advertise
himself and his three newspapers. They are growing
tired of his blpwhard tactics and representation of
himself as the whole thing.
Now by dint of drumming, and picking up often
only one man from a State, the rollcall showed just
twenty-one of the forty-five States. represented. The
largest marching club was the Cook County, Illinois,
just 128 strong. The Indianapolis Sentinel (Bryan
organ) published that the hall was not opened till
1:40 p. m., instead of being filled at noon. But the
humiliating exposure of the whole lying fake was the
account of the arrival oi Hearst himself, getting a
"roaring welcome" and inarching to the Grand Hotel
with Senator Jones, when he was not there at all.
About 2 o'clock the special train from Chicago pulled
into the Big Four station. Dozens of marching organ
izations were drawn up at the platforms, roaring out a
welcome, and W\ R. Hearst, president of the associa
tion, went at once to the Grand Hotel, accompanied by
Senator- James K. Jones, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee, and escorted by the leaders from
Chicago and the 300 delegates who came on the special
train.
It was long- after 2 o'clock when the convention was
called to order, but all roads led to Tomlinson Hall dur
ing the early morning hours. Hundreds were in their
seats at the noon hour waiting for the fall of the gavel.
During the mornlne special trains hurried into the
city from east, north, west and south. Thousands of
marchers were on the streets, their long lines dotted
with banners declaring for a republican government,
not an "empire," and against trust prosperity.
Those 7000 had come to Indianapolis from all sections
of the United States. They represented States from
Maine to California, and they brought the rallying cry,
"All for Bryan." / .
This, the quadrennial convention of the National As
sociation, eclipses every former meeting in the history
of the organization.
and over the city containing an account of the conven
tion" which exhausted superlatives, bankrupted hyper
bole and didn't leave a metaphor in the box. It was
headed: "Special of Hearst's Chicago American, by
special wire from Indianapolis."
Leaving out the headlines and cutting off some of
the frills, here it is: Jt
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Oct. 3.— Three thousand five
hundred delegates were seated in Tomllnson Hall when
the greatest convention known in the history of the
National Association of Democratic Clubs was called
to order.
About ¦ them, thronging the galleries, 4000 people
cheered for Bryan and Stevenson and Democracy.
This rather contradicted Hearst's illness excuse.
But. the crowning fake was in the evening. Thou
sands of copies of Hearst's Chicago American "club
convention extra" were distributed in the convention
j r\ LL Indianapolis -was already on a broad grin
f-\ at theXfizzIe of Hearst's national convention of
. * Bryan/clubs. The railroads carried. in just 1500
passengers ticketed to the meeting. The largest out
side organization was the Cook County Democracy,
i 128 strong. Adlai Stevenson, candidate for Vice
President, drove in a carriage from the depot to Tom
linson Hall, preceded by two brass bands and followed
by just fifty-six straggling marchers. There was not
a cheer nor salute of any kind. The day before the
meeting and that day, up to 2 o'clock in' the afternoon.
was spent in trymg to find Hearst, the president,
whose flamboyant proclamation had called the host of
1500 together. At last he was discovered in Chicago
and excused himself from coining on the score of ill
ness. When Chairman Jones arrived in Indianapolis
he said: "We saw Hearst to-day in Chicago and he
said he was coming, but he was not on the train."
HEARST'S L0ST FAKE.
great splash a rhort tEa^ ButTo-day
went in nOt * riPPle to **°w wheVh.
the circle in behalf of hKffl??
fs_ p^ P £r esidency was ™*&82P®
WASHINGTON POST-If there I* «n«
thing upon which we hare rlnton to fe
licitate ourselves it is that t™ camnVen
of 1900 Is not quite no hvste-'c^l i^2
memorable struggle of B36.
INDIANAPOLIS NEWS-On the fir« «f
the matter in these last w*4<? of th«
campaign the Republicans hava a rf^ht
to confidence. It seems to 1.3 D rnvirt"rt
they understand that the price of ,mvW
like that of liberty. Is eternal vigilance
BOSTON HERALD— New York whe'-«
the same Influences operate as 'are aa
parent in New England, we regard a*
practically conceded to the Republicans
while Indiana, in a spirit of unwonted
.candor on both sides. Is admitted to be 'a
doubt as to her electoral vote.
BANGOR NEWS— The contention that
the whipping post Is a barbarous agescv
Is largely sentimental, and It may be de
posed of with the simple reply that wife
beating is equally barbarous, and. a?
events have shown, almost beyond the
reach of the reformatory agencies now in
vogue.
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN— In 1S36 Bry
an complained of the low prices. N'ow
he complains of high ones. As a mounte
bank performance this change Is not fa
very Important, but It serves the god
purpose of exposing the true nature o*
what some persons see fit to call Mr. Bry
an's "sincerity."
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER — Th^
United States has never yet surrendered
any claim upon which It has once Insisted,
and this for the excellent reason that it
has never Insisted upon any claim which
could not righteously be defended. There
is nothing in the situation at Manila that
contravenes thi3 precedent.
BUFFALO COMMERCIAL— Bryanlsm
is again the national Issue and the people
of New York know perfectly well what
they mean to do with the cheap-money
heresy that both Bryan and his party
have promised to carry out If their pro
gramme is sanctioned by the people.
They mean to bury It beyond hope of res
urrection, y; J
.INDIANAPOLIS , NEWS— The fleht of
Mr. Bryan's opponents Is for the honor
and credit of the nation, for Individual
integrity, for an Independent judiciary,
for true representative government arid
for the power of the President to enforce
Federal laws. If we e\-er reach imperial
ism it ¦will be by following such a man as
Mr. Bryan.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCKAT-If ev
ery Democrat who prays that Bryan will
be defeated should vote with the Repub
licans against him McKInley's majority In
the Electoral College would be as great
as PiPrce's in 1832, or Lincoln's in 1864.
This is a humiliating situation for the
Democratic party, and it is to be hoped,
for the sake of intelligent and decent poli
tics, that it will never occur again.
HARTFORD COURANT-Many Amer
ican lads have fallen in Luzon in the'r
country's service, under their country's
fins:. Some of them were Connecticut
lads. They are not forgotten. The Ke
publlcan party has no alliance with the
ungrateful, treacherous rebels who killed
them — moral or political. It is not for
McKInley's election that those slayers of
American soldiers are hoping and hold
ing out. They are the allies of the Demo
cratic party. Their hopes are fixed on
"William J. Bryan.
CHICAGO TRTBT7NE— The outside
world, looking on dispassionately and im
moved by local enthusiasm, will conclude
that in reality General Roberts was not
invested with his new honor as a recog
nition of any glory he may have won in
crushing the Boers with a largely superior
force and immensely superior ' resource*,
but that It is a mark of gratitude for his
service In undoing the wretched work of
his predecessors and turning the tide of
defeat In the direction of victory by con
ducting a campaign without error3 and
bringing order out of confusion.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
Editor San Francisco Call: I am going
to support- McKinley. * In the first place
I am not afraid of Imperialism. I think
It Is ridiculous to even debate that propo
sition. I know something of empires and
monarchical governments and I want to
say that if there were even the slightest
chance of an empire being established in
this country I would be one of the first
to rebel— to shoot. If necessary. If there
really were any such prospect there would
be secret meetings at all hours of these
balmy nights and people would be arming
themselves. But there is nothing In such
talk. 'Imperialism Is a myth and the Dem
ocratic party will have to back down on
the .''paramount is^ue" proposition.
If there were any danger of imperial
ism there would be no Democrats and no
Republicans. They all would be anti-lm
perialists. We have gone through one
crisis with McKinley and he has proved
himself equal to the emergency.
Ixjoking- at the situation from a busi
ness standpoint he has opened new mar
kets for this country in Cuba, Porto Rico
and Manila. I .believa 'this nation to be
as intelligent as any other first-class na
tion and able to govern any new terri
tory that may come along under its Juris
diction to the satisfaction of the people. I
believe there is no doubt, so far as busi
ness is concerned, that if McKinley is re
elected there will be no business commo
tion; whereas, If Bryan Is elected, every
businessman will stdD to see what he
is going to do. thus bringing about .1
temporary standstill, which means much.
Bryan's financial views are the same
as four years ago and he would try to
have them enacted into law should he be
elected. The only way to absolutely set
tle the money question is to re-elect. Mc-
Kinleyv I think ; that before the cam
paign Is over the Democratic party will
try to force the money Question to an
ALBERT LIEBEB, the head of
the Indianapolis syndicate of
breweries, often called "the
brewery king/' who has be'sn a Dem
ocrat of influence, has declared his al
legiance to the Republican party.
The announcement of his intention to
support McKinley is a surprise, as he
has been a life-long Democrat, and it
was thought that he would be with
his party on national issues. Tin the
following stat3ment Mr. I.ieber gives
his reasons for abandoning the De
mocracy:
The Chinese Government has been noted from of
old for duplicity, cruelty and bloodshed; but up to
this timethe allied powers of Christendom have done
nothing to set a better example to the Empress Dow
ager and her council. They have demanded of her
the heads of h«r chiefs, and if some turn of affairs
should give her the power to make demands she
might with reason demand the head of Waldersee. It
is a bad muddle all round, so it is not surprising the
Generalissimo refrains from writing about,, it.
taries. It is therefore urged that the Chinese be com
pelled to deliver the offending chiefs body and all
alive and. kicking into the hands of Waldersee so that
he may be sure of getting the game he is after. ~.~ln
fa'pt, it. might^not.be. a ; bad scheme '.to sead the whole
outfit to the Kaiser and give him the satisfaction of
fleshing his virgin sword by making the decapitations
himself. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TIltTRSPAY, OCTOBER 11, 1900?
6
Big Indiana Brewer Renounces
Democratic Party For McKinley
Albert Lieber, "The Brewery King," Calls, the
"Paramount Issue," Imperialism, a Myth.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per H> at Townsend'a. %
Special information supplied dally to .
business houses and- public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. ••,- •„' ¦
Nervous exhaustion and debility are the ef-
fects of a trylns summer. DR. SIEGERTS
Angostura Bitters feed the nerve cells and r»-
Btore vitality.
India is rich in coal, though little min-
ing has as yet been done In that country.
British coal exports are about seven
times as valuable as they were fifty years
ago.
AUCTION SALES.
Occidental Horse Exoharr»- Mondav. October 15, Horses, at
10:33 o'clock, at 721 Howard Ftrm.
By M. Marra**— Friday. October 12. at 11 o'clock. Furniture.
at 1330 Scott stroet.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orph«xm — Vamdevine.
Grand Opera-house— 'In Paradise."
Alcazar— "We Uc« of Tennessee."
Tlvoll — "Tbe Jewess."
Columbia — "Quo Vadia."
Alhambra— "A Texas Steer.**
California— "A Hindoo Hoodoo." commencine Sunday.
Olrmpla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eventas.
Fischer"*— Vaudeville. \
rabbrt's Theater. Odd Fellows' Hall-GraAd opening Mon-
izr nicht.
Eutro Eath«— Open nlyhts.
5 +__ - - ¦ ¦ - __^ •
O • ; : 'V- -:-.'- S
s ©
2 OCTOBER 14. 1900. O
i + +• —i j
I SAN RAFAEL'S HOUSE OF * I
• MYSTERY. §
I AMERICA NEFDS A NATIONAL COV- I
© SERVATORY OF MUSIC. 8
O ' Prictical Observations by FOSE RELDA. §
S 2
f WHY REV. SAMUEL SLOrOMBE RE- 8
• SIGNED. g
§ By GRACE FERN. '¦ 2
« ¦ ©
I ADVENTURES WITH THE MACABEBE |
S SCOUTS/ g
S THE SECRET OF MONT MERE. §
2 The Most Weird Story o! the Day. •
5 — §
8 CAUFORNIANS WHO HAVE GOT RSCH §
8 IN OIL. §
8 OUR AMERICAN DUCHESS. 8
9 By GENEVIEVE GREEN. §
| • .. . : ¦ ' ®
o HOW L03 RAFTS ARE BUILT. §
g ©
• J SEE THE GREAT COMIC SECTION. |
8 I •* I
8 FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALLi g
I "THE NEW CENTURY MARCH." §
© Composed by VOSOS MISKA. §
8 ¦ * ¦ — *• 8
8 t" : — r— I gDirections: Write with ink on while paper and on only one sfdc? of each
sheet. The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at tha
top of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than ore
course should mr.-. their examinations in separate packaRcs. Mall sheets -with
out rolling and with as little folding as "possible. See that postage Is fully pre
paid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged in three groups accord-
Ing to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent. (2) croud. <3> fair.
Note— In this paper only three questions
are to be answered In all, one of which,
however, must be No. 4. Only such an
swers are expected as can be framed from
a study of the lessons In the courses, of
the Home Study Circle.
1. (a) Give a brief summary of the his
tory of clockmaking as an art. (b) Men
tion at least three historic clocks and
¦write descriptive notes upon them, (c)
"Why is it that clockmaklng as a fine art
may be said to be no longer existent?
2. Write brief notes on the following
torms and names in respect of their con
nection with the ceramic art: (a) Vase,
(b) amphora (c) majolica, (d) faience, (e)
Crown Derby, (f) HavIIand. (g) Delft, (h)
Sevres, (i) Luca della Robbla, (J). Giro
lamo della Robbla. (k) Bernard Pallssy,
(1) Josiah Wedgwood.
3. Describe the parts played (prior to
the last three-quarters of a century> by
England. Holland and Belgium. Franco.
Germany and Italy, respectively, in the
production of artistic furniture.
4. (a) Give some account of Chippendale
and Sheraton as makers of artistic furni
ture, (b) Give a brief account of th« his
tory of the bedstead and the chair as ar
ticles of domestic furniture. Illustrate
your answer by appropriate reference to
historic beds and chairs.
5. Give an account of the history of the
pianoforte, both as an article of furniture
and as an instrument of music. In par
ticular specify the changes and improve
ments made in the piano during the last
10O years.
6. "Write a brief historic account of lacp
making as an art. In particular specify
four of the more noted sorts of laces ami
describe as well as you can the essential
characteristics of these lacca.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of ftoo
courses. ' Candidates will .have three weeks in which to prepare their answers.
Certificates will be granted in each course to students whose examination
papers meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to
The Home Study Circle, The San Francisco Call. Mark all papers "Exami
nation."
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
EXAMINATIONS.
HISTORIC STUDIES IN HOME FURNISHING.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 10-Stmr Switzer
land, from Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Lake Su
perior, from Montreal.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Siberian,
from Philadelphia; stmr Buenos Ayres, from
itpntrcaL
BOULOGNE- Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Spaarn
dam. from New York, for Rotterdam.
QUEENSTOWN'— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Saxo
nla, from Liverpool, for Boston.
Sailed Oct 10-Stmr Lake Metantic, from
Liverpool, for Quebec and Montreal.
BOSTON — Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Hlbernia.
from Glasgow.
Sailed Oct JO — Stmr New England, for
Queenstown and Liverpool.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Oct 10— Stmr
Victoria, from Tacoma. via Yokohama.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Majestic, for
Queenstown and New Tork; stmr Belgenland.
for Queenstown and Philadelphia.
TO SAIL.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
tha city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the hflorht of tide is the tame at both places.
United State? Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 11.
None can foresee the outcome of the quarrel
between foreign powers over the division of
China. ¦¦ It is interesting to watch the going to
pieces of this ancient but unprogressive race.
Many people in America are also going to
pieces because of dyspepsia, constipation,
blood, liver and stomach diseases. We are
living too fast, but strength, vigor and good
health can be retained if we keep off and cure
the above diseases with Hostetter's Stomach
What Will Become of China?
Large Consignment of Opium.
Four hundred and twenty-two cases of
opium arrived on the steamer America
Maru last Tuesday night. The total
weight of opium was 17.302 pounds valued,
duty paid, at <27S,S32. The duty is J103.S12.
NOTE— In the above excoaltion of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand | column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
eiven are in addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus' slirn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
tho depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TELLS A TALE OF
CBTTELTY HT ABCTTC
Mike Brown Says He Was Triced TJp
by the Wrists by th«
Captain.
Mike Brown, a member of the crew of
the steam whaler Balaena. called ! upon
Assistant United States District Attorney
Banning yesterday and preferred a charge
of cruelty on the high seas against Cap
tain Bert "Williams. He accused the cap
tain of having had him triced up to the
mizzen rigging by the wrists for four
hours and a half 'when the mercury stood
below zero, inflicting permanent Injury
upon him by reason of such exposure.
The Balaena was locked up In. the ice for
the winter iq Franklin Bay. On June 12
Mate Porter ' reproved Brown for having
left his gun forward. Brown thereupon
retorted by saying that the mate was dis
criminating against him by allowing other
members of the crew to leave their fire
arms in the fore part of the ship. The
mate swore at him, and some time after
ward Captain Williams seized Brown by
the throat and beat him. He then triced
up Brown to the mlzzen rigging. Brown
complained that his arm3 have not yet
recovered from the tricing.
A warrant was issued for the arrest of
the captain.
Grounding of the Jeanie.
Captains Bolles and Bulger, local In
spectors of steam vessels, spent yester
day afternoon in Investigating the ground
ing of the steamer Jeanie off Point Arena,
on September 30. The witnesses. Including
P. H. Mason, the captain, testified that
the weather was foggy at the time— l:S0
a. m.— and they were unable to explain
how they went ashore.. :
T|HE Sierra, the first of the Oceanic
Steamship Company's new fleet
of flyers, sails from Philadelphia
for San Francisco to-day. She is
expected to make the run in thir
ty-five days and will therefore be here
to take up the November running on the
Mail Company's mail contract.
On her trial the Sierra proved herself
to be a smart and fast vessel and easily
averaged 17 knots.
The officers who will bring the Sierra
to San Francisco are all old employes of
the Oceanic Steamship Company. Captain
Henry C. Houdlette was formerly master
of the Maripoea; Chief Engineer W. H.
Neiman was formerly of the Australia:
Purser N. C. Walton Jr. was formerly of
the Mariposa; Dr. Milan Soule was for
merly of the Australia, and Chief Stew
ard William N. Hannigan was formerly
of the Mariposa,
The dimensions and a general descrip
tion of the new steamers have already
been published In The Call. They will be
the largest, handsomest and best
equipped vessels that have ever come to
this port and the advent of the Sierra will
mark a new era in the history of the
commerce of San Francisco.
SAILS FOB THE ORIENT.
The Coptic Departs With a: Good list
- of Cabin Passengers.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic sailed for Hongkong
yesterday via Honolulu, Yokohama, Kobe.
Nagasaki and Shanghai. The following
cabin passengers went away on her:
For Yokohama— F. B. Abenhelm, H. F.
Arthur. R. R. Bowles, A. J. Qlllott, Hans
Heintz. A. O. Gelderroan, Mrs. A. O. Gelder
man, H. S. Lochead, Miss L. Lovell, A. Mayer,
W. Oldenbourg, M. Takakl and servant, T.
Tanaka, Mrs. J. W. Wadman and four chll-
For Kobe— Mrs. M. J. Shea, F. N. Shea, Mrs.
G. P. Godsey, Rev." S. S. White, Mrs. S. S.
White and two children. *
For Nagasaki— Dr. R. I. Bowie. George M.
Diven, H. L. Douglass. S. D. Hepburn, Mrs.
S. D. Hepburn, Miss M. C. Hubbard, W. A.
Valance.
For Shanghai— C. S. Addis, Mrs. Addis, four
children and nurse: J. B. Fearn. Mrs. J. B.
Fearn and two children, Louis Goodnow, A.
For Hongkong— Mrs. M. Beyfus, Tevls Bland-
Ing, L. L. Colver. H. R. Dunniway, H. II.
Horsey, B. T. Horsey, Mrs. A. C. Jackson,
Mm. J. N. Jordan and son. Hugo D. Kell, Mrs.
Hugo D. Keil, F. B. Lawlor, Mrs. F. B. Law
lor, J. B. Metcalf. H. M. MacKinnon, Mrs.
A. W. Roberts, Rev. E. Z. Simmon, Mrs. E.
Z. Simmon, Mrs. T. L. Smith, Mrs. Ross Thom
son, Mies J. Tucker. .••
Miss Mary C. Hubbard will be a bride
soon after the Coptic reaches Nagasaki.
She will be met there by Harry Kaedlng,
her affianced, and the wedding will take
place. The young couple met and loved at
the Lick School. From here Mr. Kae
dine went to Korea as assayer for th»»
Oriental Mining Company. Hia position
Is now as8ured,.B0 he «>ent home for hi«
Hugo D. Keil, vice preeident and assist
ant manager of Goldberg, Bo wen- & Co.,
ARRIVED.
¦ . ' "Wednesday, October 10.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 61 hours from San
Diego. - -
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, , IS hours from Fort
Bragg. \ .
Stmr Sunol, Green. 2S hours from Xeedle
Rock/
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 26 hours from Eu
reka. •
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, 92 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Newsboy, Hlgglna. 19 hours from Usal.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. 61 hours from Port
Los Anseles.
Ship L. J Morse, Marshall, 12 days from Fort
Wrangel.
Br ship Norman Isles, Pettersen, 41 days from
Java. via. Kuthinotzu 27 days.
Bark Levl G Burgess, Tounggren, 7H days
from Tacoma. ~" ' - •
Brig Lurllne, Shaube, 17 days from Kahulul.
¦ Brig Harriet O, Wayland, 7 days from Grays
Harbor;
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen. 48 hours from
Bowens L&ndlnz. - -.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetael, 24 hours from
Bowens Landln;. '
Schr Reporter; Dahloff, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
- Schr Maid of Orleans, Johnson, 19 days from
Chlcnlk Bay.
Schr J Eppinger, Skipper, 26 hours from Iver
sens Landing.
Schr Lizzie Pries, Hanson, 5 days from Sius
law Rlv*r. ,
Schr Bella, Smith, 6 days from Sluslaw River.
Schr Five Brothers, .Jensen, 30 hours from
Blhlers Point. •
CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 10.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, Manila, via Honolulu;
U S 'Government.
Stmr Pomona, ¦ Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. - •
Br stmr Coptic. Rlnder. Hongkong, Yokoha
ma and Honolulu; O & O S S Co.
Per bark Juana Peral, Alvarez, Callao; G W
McNear. - ¦ ¦ -
Bktn S G. Wilder, Jackson, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co.
i . . . .. - SAILED.
¦ Wednesday. October 10. •
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, Crescent City.
StRir Rival, Johnson, Grays 'Harbor.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, .
Stmr Fulton, DUKttan, Portland.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.'
Stmr Coos Bay. Nopander. San Pedro.
Stmr Mineola, -David. Tacoma,
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, Manila and Honolulu.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. Astoria.
Br stmr Coptic, Rlnder, Hongkong-, etc.
Br »tmr Victoria, Blakey. Chemainus.
Br ship Glencaird, English, Queenstown.
Bktn S G Wilder, Jackson, Honolulu.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
> Schr Fortuna, Luberg, Eureka.
Schr Webfoot, Mercer, Columbia Rlrer.
SPOKEN.
Aug 1, lat 55 S, Ion 80 W— Br bark Forth
bank, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
- • - TELEGRAPHIC. i
POINT LOBOS, Oct 10. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
, DOMESTIC . PORTS'.
NEWPORT— Sailed Oct .10— Stmr Westport,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 10— Stmr la qua, hence Oct S. i
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Oct 10— Schr Max
im, for Coos Bay.
PORT TOWNSEN'D— Sailed Oct 10-Bark Ore
gon, for Delagoa Bay.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 10— Schr Ab
ble, hence Sept 24: schr Volant, hence Sept 27.
Sailed Oct 10— Schr. Roy Somers, \ for San
Francisco.. . »
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Eureka, hence
Oct 8; stmr Homer, hence Oct 8.
. Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Samoa, hence Oct 9. v
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 10— Btmr Nation
al City, hence Oct 9.
. SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 8— Schr Martha W
Tuft, for Oera. Oct 9— Stmr Al-Kl. for Ekag
uay; stmr Mackinaw,, for San Francisco; Ger
shlD Rodenbek. for Queenstown.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
• VENTURA— Arrived- Oct- 10— Barge Santa
Paula, her.ee Oct 8.
EASTERN PORT.
" DELAWARE BREAKWATER-Salled Oct »—
Ship John A Briggs, for Nagasaki.
; • . FOREIGN PORTS.;
' LAS PALM.A8— Arrived Oct 8— Ger stmr Sera
phis, hence July 7, for Hamburg.
¦ KOBE-^Arrived Oct 6— Br' stmr Arab, from
Seattle.
MANILA— Arrived Oct 7— U S stmr Rose
crans; bence Sept 3; stmr Argyle, from As
¦ Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Calif ornian, for San Fran
cisco. » '':'¦¦ '•-'•
0 GUATEMALA— Sailed Sept 21— <3er stmr Ta
nls, for Hamburg. : ..... .-. .
VALPARAISO-^Sailed S*pt 22— Ger Btmr Aby
doe, for Haniburg. Oct 10— Ger stmr Hathor,
for San Francisco... ...
CHEMAINUS— Arrived Oct 10— Ship St David,
hence Sept • 16. - • ->• •-- - -
LAHAINA— Arrived , Sept 25— Schr Jennie
Wand, hence -Aug 31. ¦.'
OCEAN- STEAMERS.
. ' NEW TORK— Arrive'd Oct 10-Stmr Kalserin
Maria Theresa, from . Bremen,
t Sailed. Oct 10— Stmr . Georglc. for Liverpool;
: stmr New York. for. Southampton: stmr Vic
toria, for Marseilles; stmr Teutonic, for Liver
pool; Btmr Southwark, for Antwerp.-
Arrived Oct 10— Stmr State of Nebraska, from
Glasgow and Londonderry. '
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived ' Oct ' 10— Stmr ¦ St
Louis, from -New York. ¦ • -¦' :
Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Aller, .from Bremen, for
Cherbourg and > New York. ¦-
Shipping Intelligence.
ceries and provisions, 23 cs canned goods.
For East Indies— 1840 lbs hops, 30 pkgs pipe
and machinery, 148 cs canned goods. 112 pkgs
groceries «nd provisions, 5 cs lemons, 827 rbs
dried fruit. •
For * Vladivostok — 10 rolls leather. IS pkg-s
machinery. 83 bars steel.
The steamer Coptic sailed yesterday for
China and Japan with a general cargo vnlyed
at 1182,053, manifested a* follows: For China,
$81. 1M; for Japan. $57,746; for Manila, $18,673;
for Vladivostok, $19,768; for Ea.it Indies, $2784;
for Korea, $1895. The following were the prin
cipal shipments:
For China— 520 bbls beef, 1323 gals beer. 17«
rbs beans, 441 cs canned goods, :>276 lbs cheeje.
35 cs dry goods. 350 lbs dried fruit, 6 cs drugs.
110 bxs fruit, H.S95 bbls flour, 1571 pkgs gro
ceries and, provisions, 17 cs hardware, 40 rolls
leather, 30 bxs lemons, 6 cs mineral water, 30
cs olive, oil, 100 crs potatoes, 23 cs salmon. S63
gals 3 cs wine. > . ¦]
For Japan— 6 crs bicycles, 44 cs bicycle surf
dries, 600 bbls beef, 10 cs baking powder, 844
cs canned goods, 12 ca dry goods, 1132 rbs dried
fish, 15,640 lbs dried fruit. 25 bxs fruit, . 676
pkgs groceries and provisions, 30 cs graph
ophone goods, 6 cs hardware, 3ft, 000 feet lum
ber, 119 rolls leather, 43 cs miscellaneous Aner
chandlee, 19 pkgs machinery. 88 cs meter*. 200
kegs nails. ¦ 40 pkgs oil well supplies. 100 . cs
raisins. 8 cs rubber goods. 600 kegs sauerkraut,
4 cs watches, 105 gals wine. ' ...
For Manila— 3200 lbs bread, 1000 csks beer. 75
ob, canned goods, 600 bbls. flour.; 60 cs. fruit.
84 pkgs groceries and provisions, 14 cs hard
ware, 100 cs lemons, 3600 Tbs lard, . 10 pkgs ma-'
chlnery, 1300 crs onions, . 2200 crs potatoes. 12
cs phonograph -• goods, 5 cs photo ' goods, ; 6 .ca
stationery, •:¦ 10 cs whisky.
•For Korea— 111 pkgs machinery, 49 pkgs gro-
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Peruvian bark Juana. Peral cleared yes
terday for Callao with 25.615 ctls wheat, valued
at $26,000, and 3000 feet lumber dunnage, valued
at. 145; total value, $26,045. ~.
Wheat for Peru.
The Arago loads lumber at Portland for Pre
mantle, 72s 6d, prior to arrival; the Alice Cook,
lumber at Port Gamble for Honolulu, prior to
arrival.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF. THE OCEAN.
The Mall Company's steamer City • of
Para is on the drydock at Hunters Point,
being patched up. Her stem Is all rust
eaten ahd a "shoe" will have to be. put
over thirty feet of it In order to make tha
ship seaworthy. Besides this, new pintles
ana bushings have to be put in the rudder
and the ship thoroughly overhauled. The
City of Para Is not the only one of the
Mail Company's fleet that needs an over
hauling.
Captain Harry Marshall, who for years
has been one of the best known and most
careful of tugboat masters In the bay,
has been made master of the United
States tug Slocum. Uncle Sam has se
cured a man who can be depended upon
in any and every emergency. Captain
Marshall has been J for years with the
Spreckels Tugboat Company, and it is
with great regret that his fellow captains
see him leave the service.
The Harbor Republican Club Is to hold
a big rally to-night In Its tent at the cor
ner of Steuart and Folsom streets. Henry
Peterson of the executive committee has
sent a personal invitation to Governor
Gage to be present, and the chief execu
tive has replied saying he will be there
if he can possibly arrange matters.
The mules that are going "to China and
Manila on the German transport Bosnia
and United States transport Leelanaw
had lots of fun yesterday. While putting
the animals aboard Burnett Clalborne was
kicked on the knee, A. T. Nichols was
kicked In the face. William H. Davis got
a lacerated wound of the cheek and Harry
Davles was kicked In the stomach. When'
the fourth call for the Harbor Hospital
ambulance came within half an hour the
doctors began wondering- what had hap
pened and one of them went to the trans
port wharf to Investigate. He i.ound that
In one case It was too much oats and in
another too much whisky.
The steamer Jeanie is on the Union Iron
Works drydock. All of her shoe and part
of her keel are gone. The rudder frame
and rudder are also gone. She will be
overhauled and ready for sea again In a
few days.
Water Front Notes.
It was "as thick as mush outside" yea
terday according to the lookout at Point
Lobos and at the best of times "Johnny"
Hyslop could not cross the Gate. The
brig Lurllne came along 1 early In tho
morning and the caniain attempted to
pall in. The brig grounded on the Pre
sidio Bhoal and for a few moments thert»
was a panic aboard. All hands got life
preservers and the boats were swung
out. Luckily there was no harm done and
the brig drifted off and came up under
easy sail.
The schooner Alexander came down
from Needle Rock in tow. of the steamer
Sunol and anchored off the Heads. ' She
is bound for Salinas Cruz and wanted to
get her clearance papers, but would not
venture In on account of the fog. The
Sunol came in, however, and Captain
Green sent the schooner's papers out to
her, after which she proceeded ' toward
Mexico. There was a wild story afloat
about a mutiny aboard the schooner, but
there was no foundation for it. . ..
Tog Delays Matters.
accompanied by his wife, also left on tho
Coptic on a tour of the world.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANT'S FIXE NEW STEAMER SIERRA, WHICH LEAVES PHILADELPHIA TO-DAY
FOR SAN FRANCISCO, AND HER COMMANDER. SHE MADE FAST TIME ON HER TRIAL, AND IT IS EX
PECTED THAT SHE WILL MAKE A RECORD RUN AROUND THE HORN.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 10.-A suit to re
cover Insurance on the life of his wife,
whom he killed on December 31. 1S03, has
been commenced In this city by Professor
Swithen C. Shortlidge, who is now resid
ing at Kennett square, in Chester County.
The suit, which Is to recover the sum of
$7022 from the Provident lAte and Trust
Company, is one of the most remarkable
in tho history of life insurance.
The tragedy which ended the life of
Mrx. Shortlidge was enacted in Media on
a New Year'B eve. and caused a great
sensation. Several years before that date
Professor Shortlirlge had pone to Media
with his wife and family and established
what was then known a.s the Media Acad
emy for Young Men. For several years
the venture was successful, the school
having a high class patronage. Then Airs.
Shouildg* died.
In November. 1S93, Professor Shortlldgo
married Miss Marie Dlxon Jones. Shortly
afier his second marriage the professor
began to act straneely. On the night of
the killing, six weeks after the marriage.
Professor Shdrtlidjre Invited his wife to
go out -with him for a walk. A short dls
tarco from the house he shot her through
¦the heart and then attempted suicide, but
was disarmed by a neighbor.
In the trial which followed Professor
Shortlidge was acquitted on the ground
o! insanity and was confined In an asylum
until a year ago.
There Is no case of a parallel nature In
the Insurance annals of this State. A life
Insurance man recalled a case which oc
curred at Sedalla. Mo., several years ago.
but which does not establish a precedent
for the present suit by reason of its su-.l
doa» and tragic ending. A saloon-keeper
In that city insured the life of his wife
for JoOOC and then in a rage killed her by
forcing a red-hot poker down her throat.
Ho was put on trial for his life and after
a fierce lejral battle was acquitted on a
technicality.
After his acquittal he sued the life in
surance company and so far as law was
concerned he had it entirely on his side.
Public feeling had been wrought to such
a pitch, however, that no jury could be
found to give the murderer a verdict, and
finally the Indignant citizens ended the
matter by taking the plaintiff out and
hanging him to a tree.
Kills His Wife and Seeks
to Collect Amount of
Her Policy.
SHORTLIDGE SUES
FOR INSURANCE
¦ - -• ¦ - ¦ ..¦-!¦. \- :¦¦¦¦' r r- ¦-•--¦.--. ¦.-.¦¦¦-. •.--„:-¦-, . -• .-¦¦ ¦ :¦ . •¦¦-... - .. . •..¦-¦--¦-_.;.-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1900.
Sierra Ready to Sail.
She May Make a
lioOUlU.
OCEANIC COMPANY'S NEW FLYER
TO START FOR HOME PORT TO-DAY
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
f Pier.
Argo |Coqullle B....[Oct. U |
Corona ....|Kan Diego Oct. lz. 11 am Pier 11
Rainier ....|Seattle Oct. 12 Pier 12
City PueblalVlctorl* Oct. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka ....(Humboldt..... Oct. 12. 10 am Pier 13
Czarina ...[Seattle Oct. 14. S pm Pier S
Ttonlta IN«?wport Oct. 14. 11 am Pier !4
Empire ....JCoos Bay Oct. 14. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona ...|Hum!-oldt Oct. 11 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 1&, 11am Pier U
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 15. I pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa Sun Dieiro Oct. 1«. 11 am Pier It
Areata )Coo» Bay Oct. 17. 12 m Pier 13
Del Nortel Portland Oct. 17
Amw MarulChlna&Japan Oct. 17. 1 pm PMSS
Queen Honolulu. Oct. 17. 2 pm Pier 7
Coob Bay... I Newport Oct. -IS. 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due
__ — I
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 11
Eureka Humboldt.... Oct. 11
Czarina Seattle Oct. 12
Bontta Newport Oct. 12
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 12
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 12
Mackinaw Seattle Oct. 13
Condor Seattle Oct. 13
San Mats© Xanalmo Oct. 13
Willamette Seattle Oct. 13
Pomona Humboldt..... Oct. 13
Santa Hosa .... San Diego...., Oct. 14
Walla Walla .. Victoria Oct. 14
Del Norte Portland Oct. 14
Progreso Tacoma Oct. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 14
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Oct. 14
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 13
North Fork .... Humboldt Oct. 15
City of Peking China and Japan Oct. 16
Coob Bay Newport Oct. IB
State California Portland Oct. 17
Corona San Diego Oct. IS
Sun rises 3:14
Sun sets 5:33
Moon rises 7:55 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H "W L W IH W L W
11... 1:4S 4.« 8:27 2.7 12:45 6.8 7:40—0.4
12... 5:50 4.5 7:15 2.9 1:30 5.8 8:40—0.2
13 ... 3:E7 4.3 8:17 3.3 2:2'. S.3 9:43 0.1
14 ... 5:04 4.3 9:39 3.3 3:31 5.1 10:50 0.8
15 ... 6:06 4.5 11:11 3.2 4:47 4.8 11:51 0.«
16 ... ":00l 4.7 12:32 3.1 6:06| 4.5
JL. W H TV L Wl - H TP
17 ...| 0:46 1.0 7:45 4.9 1:37 2.« 7:20 4.4
Sun rises 3:14
Sun sets 5:33
Moon rises 7:55 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H "W L W IH W L W
11... 1:4S 4.« 8:27 2.7 12:45 6.8 7:40—0.4
12... 5:50 4.5 7:15 2.9 1:30 5.8 8:40—0.2
13 ... 3:E7 4.3 8:17 3.3 2:2'. S.3 9:43 0.1
14 ... 5:04 4.3 9:39 3.3 3:31 5.1 10:50 0.8
15 ... 6:06 4.5 11:11 3.2 4:47 4.8 11:51 0.«
16 ... ":00l 4.7 12:32 3.1 6:06| 4.5
JL. W H TV L Wl - H TP
17 ...| 0:46 1.0 7:45 4.9 1:37 2.« 7:20 4.4
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
f Pier.
Argo |Coqullle B....[Oct. U |
Corona ....|Kan Diego Oct. lz. 11 am Pier 11
Rainier ....|Seattle Oct. 12 Pier 12
City PueblalVlctorl* Oct. 13. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka ....(Humboldt..... Oct. 12. 10 am Pier 13
Czarina ...[Seattle Oct. 14. S pm Pier S
Ttonlta IN«?wport Oct. 14. 11 am Pier !4
Empire ....JCoos Bay Oct. 14. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona ...|Hum!-oldt Oct. 11 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 1&, 11am Pier U
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 15. I pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa Sun Dieiro Oct. 1«. 11 am Pier It
Areata )Coo» Bay Oct. 17. 12 m Pier 13
Del Nortel Portland Oct. 17
Amw MarulChlna&Japan Oct. 17. 1 pm PMSS
Queen Honolulu. Oct. 17. 2 pm Pier 7
Coob Bay... I Newport Oct. -IS. 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due
__ — I
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 11
Eureka Humboldt.... Oct. 11
Czarina Seattle Oct. 12
Bontta Newport Oct. 12
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 12
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 12
Mackinaw Seattle Oct. 13
Condor Seattle Oct. 13
San Mats© Xanalmo Oct. 13
Willamette Seattle Oct. 13
Pomona Humboldt..... Oct. 13
Santa Hosa .... San Diego...., Oct. 14
Walla Walla .. Victoria Oct. 14
Del Norte Portland Oct. 14
Progreso Tacoma Oct. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 14
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Oct. 14
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 13
North Fork .... Humboldt Oct. 15
City of Peking China and Japan Oct. 16
Coob Bay Newport Oct. IB
State California Portland Oct. 17
Corona San Diego Oct. IS
• ADVESTISEMEICTS.
/^NHEU5ER'BUSCH r 5 '
is recommended
i^^^^tW because its super-
(3^^R^^\ ior tonic qualities
are thoroughly
established by the medical fraternity
and all users universally. It gives
appetite, health, vigor— is welcomed
by the new mother, the aged, the
weak, the convalescent. Prepared by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
Pale-Lager, Black and Tan, Export Pale, Exquisite and Malt-Nutnne.^
Pears'
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
docs no harm
! No harm 1 It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but'
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
hone.
, What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined. "
What is good soap ? '
: Pears'.
All sorts of ctores sell it, especially druggists;
all sorts of people use it. .• ;. , - . .
TELEPHONE GRANT 38.
>>-& co.«*
222-224 SUTTER ST.
A NEW DEPARTURE
Will be our offerings of "specials"
in Thursday's papers (for Thursday,
Friday and Saturday), in addition to
our already so well recognized "spe-
cial savings sales," regularly adver-
tised on Mondays (for Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday). All goods
offered under the head of "specials"
at reduced prices are of well known
brands, and the taking advantage of
these sales means a positive saving
to the buyer. Goods exchanged or
money refunded if unsatisfactory.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY
Walnuts, Fresh 8?^' id 15c
Finest grown for
many years. , 1 n>« for 23e
Almond Grater, "Ida" 3% 75c
A most useful kitchen article. Only a
small lot sold at this low price.
Lucca OH, Imported large bot 5Hc
. Our bottling;— absolutely pure. Re*;. We.
Night Lights, Popa Brand box 10c
ICO in box. Rez. 13c
Sonoma Reisling {fry. • gal 65c
Exceptional value. Rhine wine type.
"RIenzr Beer doz qts $2.00
Re:, n 83. doz. pta. f 1.23
Rochester brew. Finest beer made In
America. "We want everybody to drink
"Rienxl." and our to-day** price is mad«
regardless ot cost. Send it baclc It you
' do not like it.
Country buyers are entitled to all
our "special" prices.
Oirr nnifll Corner Fourth and
bhlL nUlhL ¦¦« S u- o «- a i na
• , valises checked U* a
WINTER RESORTS.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlsbad of America. Is bow op«n for tha
winter season. Addresa C T. ROillE. Paral»
Sprints. Cal
AMTTSETn-ffNTS.
NOTHING BDfjEADLINERS !
CAMILLE DWILLE !
TOM UM AND COMPANY.
EDDIE 6IRAR0 — AND— JESSIE GARDNER
THE GREAT EVERHART.
WILLIS TROUPE.
TIIREE POIRIERfl. BELLE DAVIS.
THE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH,
Showing a
Panorama of the Wrecked City
of Galveston
Rnenta ee«ta. I5c; balcsny. 10c: opera chairs
arj<l box eeats, COc.
Matinees Wednesday. Eaturdav and Sunday.
ALL THIS AXD KEXT WEEK.
MATINEE 6ATtTRDAT.
F. C. WHITNEY and EDV^^^' KXOWLES*
n D I f* I ?\J A I and All Imposing
\JrvHjinM.L. New Tork Production ol
I>rarr.at!ze<3 by Stanislaus Stange.
Etaced by Max Freeman.
Music by Julian Cdtrards.
JOO-FEOPLE— 1OO! C— GREAT ACTS— <J!
TRICES fl. 5O. 91. T3e. SOc. 25c
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AXD BUXDAT. [
ONLY THIS "WEEK!
The New York Comedy Success,
IN PARABISF'
Next week— THE ENSIGN.
EVENING PRICES — l«o. 15c. 23c. OOe.
A Few Front Rowe in Orchestra 75c
MATINEE PRICES-IOe. 15c. 23c. 50c.
Xo H'.cher
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
ALF. ET-LINGHOT:SE. Prop, and M&r.
r"boce South 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATL'RDAT
THE RECORD-BREAKER!
HOTT'S Very Best Effort
A Texas Steer!
AN ALL-FTAR COMPANY!
FYom Ilojt's Madison -Sauare Theater, IC. T.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
THE MAN FROM MEXICO.
"Take Off That Hat !~ ! ' ' "
POPULAR PRICES:
nver.lrsn 15c. Cc. 25c. 50c and 75c.
Matir.e* loc. 25c, 2T>c and SOc.
TO-NIGHT, Sunday Eveninr. Saturday Mat..
"THE JEWESS."
The Greatest Triumph of the Season.
Friday and Saturday Evening*.
••TKt BAK. fcli_OF ShVlLLE."
NEXT
Mindav— VERDI Birthday Celebration.
Selections from Verdi's Best C|>eras.
Tuesday. Thursday, gunfiay Nights, Sat. Mat..
"CARMEN." with a Remarkable Ca*t. Includ-
ing the Famous Diva, COLLAMARINI.
We<5?»e«<!ay, Friday. Saturday Nlehta. "THE
JEWESS."
POPULAR PRICES— 25 and M c*nta.
Telephone Bush •.
OLYMPIA c E o D^f5-6«
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN*
the cmr.
QUER1TA VINCENT,
California's Most Illustrious Songstress.
AL HAZARD,
The Prince of All Ventriloquists.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY BUXDAY.
XMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES and ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT :
....THE AMATEURS....
AXD (
LADIES' OBSTACLE RACE.
VAUDEVILLE
TH£ CONGO FAMILY,
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
FLSCHFR'S concert house.
riOUn CI\ O Admisnion 10;.
A:ic« Raymond. John Kurkamp, Lillian
Jeanette. Mu Tunioon. Eudora Korde, Oscar
LiM«n. Robert Ellis. Antonio Vargns, Harold
lia&ford and New Moving Pictures.
»lesme<J Beats, Jic; Matinee Sunday.'
r— —
AMUSEMENTS.
OPENING Of lbs BtGULAH SEASON
COMMENCING NEXT SUNDAY AFTER-
NOON, and all next week, .
Whiting and Willis' Comedians,
Presenting
A VEVf. NOVEL. MYSTICAL. COMEDY.
* WITH A l'LOT. ENTITLED,
»»^.^jf »f»»»44»»¥»» ¥ ¥ V ¥ ¥»»»
I ' ( 'A HINDOO I
| HOODOO." 1
********* A* ****** AA*iHHHHHr
With the orieinal New York cast, including
Anna Boyd, Gfoire Larsen, MatUe .
Lockette and 20 other artists.
SALE OF SEATS BEGINS TODAY
The usual popular prices — Evenlnr, 75c. EOc.
!5c Matinees, 25c. 50c. 25c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
nLYHEATREfM>
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
WE UNS OF
TENNESSEE
BEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
"THE CORSICA^ BROTHERS."
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
FABBRI'S THEATER
(ODD FELLOWS' HALL.)
GRIND OPEN. MO NIGHT KOrOAY, Cet IS. 1900.
The ¦week's programme will conrtst of a De-
lightful Farce Comedy.
AX OPERETTA BY OFFENBACH.
Topctber with an olio of specialties, dances.
8on(c» and "ketches of rare merit by a host of
eminent artists.
Every Friday evening GERMAN "PERFORM-
ANCE by "a RplendiJ company of players.
Popular ftrtcw— 2">c and 50c. Box eheet at
Sherman. Clay & Co.*». •
SUTRO Q£\THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing; From 7 a. xn. to 11 p. m.
ADMISSION. XOc. CHILDREN, 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. ?5c: children. 20c.
?O-*0* 0 «- O ?? *O ? 0* 0 VO + O+O-t-O-*
O > i
? II Natural Mineral Water ?
? /f|& known for centuries and +
0 /^Sl imported q
o 4pSk 0NLY IN B0TT LES. ?
o Jfiili**^ For Di 80 " 1 *"** Stomch ' ?
? fiWggp§ » Di Indigestion. J
2 •— rr=rrr-^l It9 TaI «» has been testi- o
q : sS3i=r«£5j fl e«> to toy thousands. *
? VICKY . So-called Vichy in Sy. °
2 t^^iT^ uhons ?
0 -\«*8?i »S NOT VICHY. I
? " |£j||[g2 Get tho Genuine. J
? Tour physician O
4 SJ^gMSa A. VIOKIEK, Diitrttmttng Agtnt °
RUPTURE GORED,
" 1 *** Ti , w « "ay "rupture cure*" we mean it,
i" " J' a fact that during the past 20 years
DR. PIERCE-8 MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
ha* CURED thousand* of cases. Nothlne elsa
like it. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Inrcstirate for yourself. CTCall for "Book-
let l>»o. 1. or «end 2 cents in stamps. Ad-
ore** :
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 (Market Street, San Francisco
Or 1145 Broadway. Ngy York City.
8 B BL I &b Hunters' Equipments,
1 "H 8wB V Fishing Tackle, Athlet-
§ bs 9 § Eta !c Goods, etc. Bedrock
OtUjfiwffJI 1>rires - Send for Cat-
¦ BHREVE. 739 Market st!
j^S^DEWEy,STt^G&CO/gg> L
rl jj
Hitchcock School,
8AN RAFAEL, CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separata Mooma. . UrmcaaUua. . Military .Drill.
Ktc
CKRIBTMAP TERM BEGINS ATJOTJST HTH. •
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal. >FLOUR— California : Family Extras, $3 60®
Z 75. usual terms; Bakers". Extras, I $3 40®3 50;
Oregon and Washington; $2 75@3 10 per bbl for
WHEAT— The market was featureless yes
terday. Chicago opened steady and moderately
active. There were few 'sellers, owing to the
comparative nrmness abroad. , There was a
large cash , business, and a good demand for
export. The weather in the Northwest was
good. The pit traders bought largely during
the session, but at the close there was a de
cided drop.
In the local market there was another de
cline ln futures, and the spot market was also
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $101%; Milling. $105
@i 07H. --¦vr." .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls. $1 02%; 4000, $1 02},.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 09U: 2000,
$1 09%. December— 8000. $1 02H-
Regular .Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 os>»; km, $1 ossi; h.cco, $i os%; 30,000, $1 os',^
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 02H;
12,000, $1 02. May— 2000, $1 O8V6: 2000, $1 OSH;
6000, $1 CSH.
BARLEY— The market continues to shade off
with increasing offerings.
Feed, 73?i@75c for choice bright, 72V4c for No.
1 and 6;{r"0c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 77%<ij85c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session— N* sales.
• Regular Alornlng Session— December— 2000 ctls.
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls, ' 71c.
OATS — The market continues firm for the rea
eons already mentioned, and holders demand
full, figures from buyers; otherwise they can
let the croeds alone. . . : *"
., W r h lW J1 30 ® 1 45: Surprise. $1 4501 55; Red.
$1 15<8>1 25 ror feed and $1 25@l 40 for seed:
Gray, $1 25<ST1 35; Black, for feed, $1 lOffll 17i» :
for- Feed, • $1 22^£T1 32% per Ctl. .'*'
CORK— Eastern Is now coming In freely again
bu »v5- n L n ?- I & hcId at |l 20<8>l 22^ I* 1 " ctL
R\ E— OOifi^'/ic per ctl. •
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87H
Sterling Cables — 4 88W
New York Exchange, sight — 07Vs
New York Exchange, t-legraphlc — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce. — 63$i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50>4 Q 51
E. Cord* to Robert Cords Jr.. same, qtilt
cl.ilm deed. Brooklyn Township; $1.
Robert CordJ Jr. to Isaac L. Saxton, same
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Helnrich and Dorothea Landschneider to Ben
jemln and Carrie B. Funcheon. lot on XW cor
ner of Adams and Third streets, J* 150 by W
150. being the SE one-quarter of block 3 Town
oi San Lorenzo, Eden Township; $550. '
John Plus Murphy to Sarah Patek, lot on
S line of Golden Gate avenue. 197 W of Fr.-nW
lln street. W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Anna B. and Edward A. Baumelster to Clara
Jur-ker lot on W line of Buchanan street. 81:4
S of Turk S 23 by TV 91:10, quitclaim deed; $0.
George F. Neal to Anna B. Ballard (wife of
J S.) lot on S line of Jackson street. 137:4
E of Steiner. E 27:8 by S 127:SVi; $10.
T. T and Georgiana Williams to PhiMD Mc-
Donnell, lot on NE corner or Pine and Pierc*
streets. N 87:« by E 25: $10.
James Hobson to J. T.. C. M. and J. P.
Belshaw. lot on NW corner of. Day and Doug
lass streets. W 50:10 by N 114; $500.
Estate Bridget Alrey (incompetent, by Em
mttt Dunn, guardian) to A. Herrmann, lot on
W line of Stockton street, 119:6 8 of Lombard.
S 13 by W 137:6; also lot on W line of Stock
ton street. 8:6 S of Lombard. S 35 by W 137:6;
$5750.
Anton Churcnma to Maria Chnrchma, lot oa
SB line of Louisa street. 117:6 NE of Fourth,
NE 20 by SE 69; $10.
Jane Bates to Frank B. Bate*, undivided one
eighth Interest ln tha following: Lot on SB
line of Harrison street, 300 SW of Third. SW
25 by SE 85: gift.
Catherine Kennedy to John and Annie M.
Toohey. lot on SE line of Perry street. 473
SW of Third. SW 25 by SE 80; $10.
Thomas McCrea Harvey to Henry C Flick,
lot on W line of Vermont street, 200 N of
Twenty-third avenue (Nevada). N 33:4 by W
100: $10. '
Adolphlne Hansen (by Wllhelm Krabbenhoft,
attorney). Fanny Hammerschlag (by attorney)
and Carrie Simon (and as attorney) to Georg»
A. Douglass, lot on N line of Twenty-second
(Sierra) street. 25 E of Minnesota, E 25 by X
91:6; $10.
George M. and Ella C. Mitchell and C. B.
Currier to Charles Sorenson, lot on S line of
Clement street. 1S2:» W of Twenty-fourtlJ ave
nue. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Mary E. Curtis (widow) to Jacob Herman,
lot on TV Una of Ninth avenue, 250 S of B
street. s'sO by W 120: $10.
Mary M. B. Martin to Solomon Gets, lot
on W line of Tenth avenue. 100 S of L. street.
S 60 by W 120: $10.
Thoma* V. O'Brien to George T. Shaw Jr..
lots 1447 to 1450. 1477 to 1480. 1965 to 1968. U7I
to 1985. Gift Map 4; grant.
Alameda County.
George Mooar and Robert O. Benton (execu
tors estate Frances S. Benton to Almertne B.
Sargent, lot on S Une of Hawthorne avenue.
222-2H W of Webster street. S 1.4:6. W 100,
N 171:6. E 10O to beginning. Oakland: $3600.
Hugh and Anna 3. Hogan to Mary Swan
ton lot on SW corner of Menlo and Parlc
streets TV $5 S 12. 54. E 96.21. N 54.01 to be
ginning block A. Gasklll Tract. Oakland; $1000.
James P and Mary J. McKenna to Nora
M Allen lot on N line of Fourth avenue, a*
widened to 60 feet. 81 W of Newton avenue.
N 117 3 TV 89. thence continuing W 59. thence
S 125 E 124 to beginning, block C. Peralta
Heights Ea«t Oakland: $1000.
Charles W. Debenham (single) to Continental
Building and Loan Association, lot on N Una
Prospect avenue, 83 W of Spruce street. W 44
by N 100 block F, Clinton Mound Tract, quit
claim deed. East Oakland; CO.
Sarah J. Titus et al. (by A. W. Bishop, com
missioner) to Lowell J. Hardy. Jr.. guardian
estate Lowell J. Hardy, incompetent), lot on
v\V line of Seventh avenue. 100 SW of East
Eleventh street. SW » by NW 150. bloc* 20,
riintnr. East Oakland: $2671
Iona. E. and Harry M. Russell to J. W. Horn,
lot 5. block W. Warner Tract: J10.
A j an d s - k- "*n«ls »° August Costa, lots
35 j^a 'jo, Frultvale Cottage Home Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $10-
Joseph L. Rosa (single) to Samuel Dutra.
lot* 3S 33 and 40. map of subdivision Frank
Silva Tract. Brooklyn Township; grant.
Adam Koch to Clara Kcwh. lot on S line of
FaVle avenue. 275:6Vi E of Everett street, E 46: »
by S 110:5 being a portion of lot 3. block 1.
Jenks A Mead Homestead Tract. Alameda;
K 'k* C Thurber (single) to 'William CorbJn.
lot 'on NE line of Glen avenue. 205.79 SE of
Webster street (or Piedmont avenue). NE 142.1:,
SE 4S. SW 132. NW 49.56 to beginning, being
lot 20 and portion of lot 19. on map of sub
division lots 2. 3. 4 and 42. Glen Echo Tract.
Map 2. Oakland: $10.
Cyrus P. and Sellna Howes to George TV.
Hendry. lot 55. In plat 27, Mountain View Ceme.
tery. Oakland Township: $10.
California Railway (a corporation) to IVlos
Pratt, lot 7, block 751. on map of C. C. Clay's
subdivision block 772. and fractional block in
734. 747. 731 to 754 and 778. Levy & Lane Tract,
quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Deloa Pratt to Isaac I* Saxton same quit
claim deed. Brooklyn Township; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The only change worthy of note on the morn-
Ing session of the Bond Exchange was a de
cline ln Giant Powder to {S3 25. Business was
light..
The oil stocks were quiet and unchanged.
In the afternoon there was a further decline
ln Giant Powder to $82 50.
The following were ex-dlvldend yesterday:
Pacific Gas Improvement. 35 cents; Market
Street Railroad. 60 cents; Giant Powder, 75
cents; Paauhau Sugar. 30 cents; California
Street Railroad, 50 cents.
The Pacific Surety Company has declared
a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent, payable
now.
The Belcher Mining Company has levied an
assecsment of 10 cents.
Dividends payable on the 12th are: Bank of
California, $4; Kilauea Sugar Company. 25
cents; Oakland Gas. 30 cents; Pacific Tele
phone, 40 cents: Sunset Telephone, 25 cents.
At the annual meeting of the Stock and
Bond Exchange on the 8th the old officers were
re-elected as follows: Edward Pollltz. presi
dent; R. G. Brown, vice president; Daniel
Meyer, treasurer, and Harry Schwartz, secre
tary. The sales during the past fiscal year
were as follows, compared with the preceding
year: Bonds, (5,918,326. against (6.311,491; stocks,
320,927.166. against (32.E26.36O. During the eight
een years that the board has been ln existence
the sales of bonds and stocks show the follow
ing aggregate values for each fiscal year end-
Ing September 13:
1553 J9.430.621
1554 4.861.9«l
1885 J.2S0.472
1S86 6.863.S01
1SS7 9.162.202
1S3S 7.111.8S1
1SS9 H.920,310
1SS0 7.S62.870
1S»1 6.243.305
1892 6.067.330
1S93 4,564.513
1534 8.339.94S
1S95 7.200.323
1?96 10.571.334
1S97 13.07S.372
1535 1 21,613.917
1899 3S.837.850
1900 26.845.492
Total $195,922,727
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 10—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
4s quar coup... 115 115»ti 4s do cp (new).133\135
4s do reg 114\115V4 3s do coup 109»ill0t;
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P CO..102U104 Oak Water 5s. — 103
Cal-st Cab 5s..HSV4120 Oceanic S S 5S.1074 —
C C Water 5«.. 106^106% Om C Ry 6s...l2SH —
Ed L & P 6s.. 131 — Pac G Imp 4s.. 101 £ —
F&ClRy6s..— — P A. Cl Ry 6s. .104 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P&ORR 6s. US —
H C & S 5%s.. — — Powell-st R 6s.U7H —
Do 5s 100 — Sac L. G&R Ss.lCOH —
L A R 5s 1<H% — S F & S J V5«.11S —
LA Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.lll>4 —
Do gntd 6s... — — S P of A 6s 111 ' 111«1
L A gntd 5s... — 100% S P of C 6s (1905)
L. A P R R 5s. — 102 (Series A).... 107H10S?,
Market-st 6S...123 — Do (Series B)108H — '
Do 1st M 5S..117V4115 S P C 6s (1906).109HUO
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Do (1312) 117*, —
N R of Cal 6s. 113 115 S P R 1st gntd — —
Do 5s 116 117 S P Br 6s 130 —
N P C R R 6s. 102 — S V Water 6s. — "114
Do 5s 106U — Do 4s 103H103S
N Cal Ry 6s... — 111 Do 3d mtg...lO2VilO2V
Oak G L & H.109H — Stktn Gas 6s. .100 —
Oak Tran 6s... — 116H
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 6S% 70}i Spring Valley. 94\ 95
Marln County. 61H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKa
Cent L A P Co 4 4V>lPac L Co — 4414
Eqult G L Co. 3% 3*j Sac El GARCo S3H 36
Mutual El Co. — 10«ilS F G & E 51«4 52^4
O G !• & H — 50 San Francisco. 5 5H
Pac Gas Imp.. 514 52 Stktn O & E C — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 223 — )
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 — First Natlonal.2S5 300
Bank of Cal. ..408tf — !I»n P A A.. ..133 135
Cal S D & T..105 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L....1S70 1900 Bav A L So... — Jl
Hum S A Is.. — — Pac Sav Bk.. — —
Slut Sav Bk.. 60 574 Union T Co... — —
S F Sav U.... 510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — O S L A H.... — 43
Geary-st 25 — Presidio 14 22U
Market-st — 66%
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 162H Vlgorlt 3W Mi
Giant Con Co. 82% 82Vi
SUGAR STOCKa
Hana S P Co. . 7 7Vi Kilauea S P Co 204 tW.
Haw C * S Co — 87Vi MaJtawell S Ct> 43 _
Honokaa S Co. SOVi — Or.omea S Co.. 27%'2S»
Hutch S P Co. 24 24^4 Paauhau S Co. 29\ 30
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assal24% — Pac A F A.... \\ _
Cal Fruit Assn 98 — Pac C Bor Co.150 1814
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co» UH
Oceanic S Co.. 92«i 93*4 "
Morale* Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers* Association 125 00
100 Equitable Gas 3 3714
5 Giant Powder Con 33 25
15 Hutchinson S P Co 24 00
130 Makawell 4300
$2,000 Market-st R R Con 5s bonds 117 75
$3,000 Sacto Elec. Gas & Ry 5s 100 60
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 75
2 Spring Valley Water 95 00
Street—
(20,000 U 8 4s bonds (coupon), old..... -....115 124
$5,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s bonds 114 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
177 Giant Powder Con M jj 50
SO Honokaa S Co 30 i'«
5 Honokaa S Co m 23
60 Hutchinson S P Co \'u £J
20 Makaweli 43 25
Sl.COO Oceanic S S bonds \q- 6 ->i,/
100 Onomea Sugar Co 27 75
250 Paauhau S P Co ji if
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 73
170 8 F Gas A Electric Co 52 co
20 S F Gas & Electric Co. ¦ 90 51 8714
$15,000 S P of A bonds m so^
7 Spring Valley Water 95 co
Street—
$10,000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5s in 75
PRODUCERS' Oil. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
400 Cala-Standard ««
500 Four Oil Co 45
20 Kern River ; 20 BO
200 McKlttrlck Consolidated 75
10 San Joaquin Oil & D«v 8 00
Street—
100 Petroleum Center 30
1.000 Monarch of Arizona 36
500 Cala-Standard 33
¦¦ Afternoon Session.
Board — ' •
100 Cala-Standard 38
100 Cala-Standard 39
100 Kom» Oil .." 4 43
5 10 Kern River 20 50
£00 McKlttr'ck Consolidated 70
10O Monarch of Arizona 35
200 San Joaquin Oil A Dev. b 30 8 00
200 Yukon ;...-. «1
100 Yukon 60
street— wmnsH
15 Oil City Petroleum 30 00
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 10—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Justice 37 t:*
Alta 03 04 Kentuck 03 <M
Andes 08 09 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 20 21 Mexican » 4u
Best & Belcher. 36 33 Occidental 10 11
Bullion 04 06 Ophlr 84 ?"»
Caledonia 43 45 Overman 11 12
Chollar 23 24 Potosl 2? 23
Challenge Con.. 22 23 Savage 27 £*
Confidence 74 « Scorpton Oil —
Con Cal & Va..l 30 1 35 ! Seg Belcher.... 03 0*
Con Imperial... 01 02 'Sierra Nevada. 3t 4»
Con New York. 01 - Silver Hill 33 M
Eureka Con — 43 St Louis — la
Crown Point.... 15 18 Standard 3 90 —
Exchequer 01 03 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 84 85 Union Con 25 :•>
Hale & Norcrs. SO 31|Utah 14 15
julla C3 04 1 Yellow Jacket.. 28 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
300 Belcher -25i 200 Mexican 45
SCO Belcher 23! 300 Mexican 41
700 Belcher 20 200 Mexican 40
300 Challenge Con. 22 1 200 Mexlcaa 3>
500 Con Cal & Va..l 35) 500 Ophir *»
300 Crown Point.... 14 300 Ophlr S*
500 Exchequer 03 300 Potost TJ
40>) Gould & Curry. 95 700 Savage 30
200 Gould & Curry. 83J12OO Savage 23
450 Gould & Curry. 90 300 Sierra Nevada. 44
400 Gould & Curry. 85 300 Slarra Nevada. 42
300 Gould & Curry. 84 300 Union Ccn M
1200 Gould & Curry. S6 S0O Yellow Jacket.. 2S
300 Gould & Curry. 87 300 Yellow Jacket.. S3
500 Hale & Norcrs. 30 300 Yellow Ja^ket.. 27
500 Justice 03 130O Yellow Jacket.. 2«
Afternoon Session.
700 Andes 12: 400 Hale & Xorcn. SO
60O Belcher 29 j BOO Justice 09
80O Best & Belcher. 44 1S00 Mexican 43
300 Best & Belcher. 45 200 Mexican so
SCO Best & Belcher. 41 300 Mexican a
300 Best & Belcher. 40) 300 Mexican 43
1000 Bullion - 03 300 Ophir 1 CO
TOO Bullion O61 400 Ophlr 9i
200 Caledonia. 49 i 1200 Ophlr »4
500 Chollar 26 1300 Ophir 96
200 Chollar 25! 200 Ophlr - 31
200 Chollar 24 1 700 Ophlr 9Q
150 Chollar 23 300 Ophir <tt
400 Con Cal A V...1 45 300 Ophlr 89
800 Con Cal & V.I 42H! *» Overman 14
200 Con Cal <t V...1 40 SCO Potosl 24
200 Confidence 85 1 300 Potosl 23
1000 Crown Point.... 17 700 Savage 31
300 Crown Point.... 1SI 200 Savaga 30
300 Crown Point..- 181 500 Sierra Nevada. *i
700 Gould & Curry.l 00 500 Sierra Nevada. 47
300 Gould & Curry.l 05 400 Sierra Nevada. 44
150 Gould & Curry.l 10 200 Sierra Nevada. 43
300 Gould A CUrry. 97 300 Sierra Nevada. 42
200 Gould * Curry. 9« 300 Union Con 31
300 Gould & Curry. 94 1 300 Union Con 30
300 Gould & Curry. 93 200 Union Con 29
600 Gould & Curry. 83 500 Utah 13
200 Gould & Curry. 83 500 Utah 18
2C# Gould & Curry. 81 300 Yellow Jacket.. IS
300 Gould A Curry. 80 800 Tellow Jacket.. 23
250 Gould & Curry. 84 1100 Yellow Jacket.. 30
Following were the sales in the PaelSc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session,
100 Andes U! 100 Mexican . 43
£00 Best & Belcher. 40! 100 Mexican ....'."" 4->
300 Best & Belcher. 33 300 Occidental .... n
100 Caledonia 4*1 900 Ophir «
600 Caledonia 43 200 Ophir "* b
400 Challenge 23 60 Ophir 00
400 Chollar 24 300 Overman 13
400 Chollar 23 400 Overman it
430 Con Cal & Va..l 35 500 Potosl 23
600 Crown Point.... 16 900 Savags ji
250 Gould & Curry. 93 400 Savage r*
200 Gould & Curry- 91 700 Sierra Narada. 43
60 Gould & Curry. 90 430 Sierra Nevada. 44
100 Halo & Norcrs. 31» 190 Silver H1U 33
800 Justice 09 100 Silver Hill 40
300 Kentuck 04 900 Yellow Jacket.. 33
800 Mexican 41 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Afternoon Session.
900 Andes 13' Ji>v Mexican -i»
U» Belcher » RW Ophlr n
10O Best & Belcher. 47 ; 2m Ophir ",
1W Chollar 27 300 o£nir 1 £
TOO Con Cal & Va..l 40 500 Overman '1
200 Con Cal & Va..l 45! 400 Potosl
500 Crown Point.... WIGQO Ravage '.'.'.'. 30
950 Gould & Curry. 1 00: 100 Silver Hill ;.' 41)
300 Gould A Curry. 1 05, 100 Utah 1 ;
100 Hal» & Norcrs. 31 1 190 Utah ...'...'.'. ;s
"O> Justice Mi 200 Tellow Jacket " '7
300 Justice 07j 4W Tellow Jacket" r»
200 Kentuck M; 600 Yellow Jacket 20
300 Mexican 43 S
Morning Session.
MIXING STOCKS
q^L 10^ 1 ? 8^^ the sales ln the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Hoard yesterday:
•" — ~ j
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction tinner. No change in Exchange.
Wheat and Barley continue to shade off.
Oats, Corn and Rye firm.
No further change in Hay and Feedstuff s.
White Beans weak and Limas firm.
Shipment of $2ii,Oio to China.
Poultry and Game in fair demand and steady.
Potatoes and Onions about, the same.
1 'cgctablcs show the effects of the recent rains.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about as before quoted. !
Fresh and Dried Fruits show little variation. \
Nothing nav in Provisions.
Treasure Shipment.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of $211,010.
corisistim: of I91C5 In told coin and $201,901 in
Mexican dollars.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mail advices from Xcw Tork say:
"A new feature that aids to the strength of
the raisin situation very decidedly Is the ap
l>ear!!!ic« of Inquiry from Eriglish markets for
California layers and Sultana raising Nego
tiations ere understood to be under way which
may result in considerable new domestic goods
BOiBg to the other fide. New two-crown loose
raisir.s are becoming exceedingly difficult to
get. some packers having no more to offer.
>.-er?]ess muscatels continue In strong demand,
further bUFiness being heard of at ltil»»c
1 Tedium. Offers of l l »c were refuted yester
day, iiott of the seedless for which high
prices are lieini paid are going to a certain
vWi known local operator. Sale* of unbleached
Sultar.at are reported nt from Vij'-c advance.
< >n Fpot. standard soeded raisins. New York
park. In 0:1c jxjund cartons, are selling quite
ir*-dy at t\Lc lor two-crown cr\ii R£c for three
crown. Stocks of Valencia raisins are sreatly
1 educed. Saies were made yesterday at lO^jc
in a Jobbim; way. Imported Fultanas also are
in sime demand. A little inquiry is noted for
] rum?, a; rlccu?. peaches. eu\. but trade gen
erally Is dull. Srxjt aj»ple* shew some activity,
sales of a couple of cars designated as prime
being rejiorted at 4'^c. Grades under prime
tr? felling tairiy well at irom 3'-SI4e.
"The currant situation Is firm. £ales in a
Jobbing way wen? reported at 12Hc for new and
l'c lor old. Nut? are rather dull."
Condition of California Crops.
Following Is the weekly report of A. G. Mc-
Adie. section director United States Weather
liurcau, for the California Crop Bulletin, for
the week ending October fc:
"Rain has lallen is all sections north of the
Tehachapi, varying from .10 la the southern
jiortion of the San Joaquin Valley to more than
two inches in Fome parts of the Sacramento
Valley and coast section, and light showerb
J;ave fallen in a few places In Southern Cali
fornia. The tem;>erature has been nearly
I'ormal p.nd during a portion of the week con
ditioTin were lavorable tor fruit drying.
¦ Late grapes on the vines were considerably
damaged by rain, anl in tome instances de
ciduous fruits and raisins on the trays were
injured, hut as ample warnings had been given
to all sections the darcape was principally con
fined to these places where vineyards and
• iTchardisrs were urable to tecure sufficient la
l>or fcr stacking trays, and -to a few places
whore paper trays were in us*. Fruit drying
ar.d raisin curing were in most sections fur
ther advanced than usual at this time of the
year, and reports received at this office indi
cate that the Iobe will be very light. Warm,
drying weather has followed the rain and
will materially benefit the fruit drying inter
es-is. It Is believed the yield of deciduous
fruits and raisins will be nearly equal to the
eveiajte. Oranges are ripening rapidly in all
t-ecti<">ns and give Indications cf a heavy crop,
which will mature earlier than usual. Walnut
licking continue, and in some places the nuts
ore nearly reajy for market: the yield will
j.rubably fall below the average.
"Hoiis and b*arjs were generally harvested
find under cover liefore the rain commenced.
Packed barley in the fields was somewhat dam
aped. I'asturage was greatly benefited by the
rein, and green feed It. abundant in most sec
tions;. The coil Is generally In good condition
fcr plowing, ani farmers are preparing for a
larre acreage of grain for the coming season."
Weather Report.
<120th meridian— Pacific time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka oS Los Angeles "€
M'iunt Tamalpais 76 Sacramento 86
Independence TS'San Luis Oblspo 76
Red Bluff 7S 5aa Diego 64
Frcrno 82
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
CC; minimum. SO; mean. Eg.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific Slope
except in Washington, where there has been a
slight rise. It is highest off the Washington
coast and lowest in the S«.n Joaquin Valley.
The t«-mr>erature has fallen over Washington,
Idaho and Oregon and remained nearly station
ary in other districts.
The weather is generally cloudy over Oregon.
Central Idaho and Western Montana; elsewhere
< U-ar weather is reported. It Is becoming very
unsettled on the Pacific Slope, but as yet very
little cloudiness is reported.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 11. 1&00:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Thursday;
cooler; light, variable winds.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Thursday;
lieht west wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy; cooler Thursday.
Utah— Fair: cooler Thursday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Thursday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Thursday; light, variable wind:
. O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
?
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— Activity In the etock
market was very benumbed by the perplexitle*
of the money outlook. Sterling exchange and
the rates for money on foreign exchanges at
tracted more attention than did news of do
n-.-estlc event*, except as they affected some
si>eclaJ properties. Small interests as there
were In stocks, were mostly centered In special
tlr-s and the movement of prices there was lr
:<"gular. People's Gas was rather acutely de
pressed on the news of a general issue of in
junctions to prevent the company from charg*
Ing more than 49 cents for gas while that rat«
¦was accorded to any of Its customers. Lacled«
Gas weakened, apparently In sympathy. Ten
nessee Coal and Sugar were also forced dowi
over a point on rather free selling:. Manhat
tan, on the contrary, showed a continuance oi
Its recent strength during the early dealing!
and Brooklyn Transit eeerwd In some demand.
American Tinplate, in the m*tal group, ros<
over & po4nt. and Hocking Valley as much
Except for the last named, stocks these ad
vances were all wiped out In the late reaction
The heaviness of the general list becamt
marked after only a brief resistance. Th(
movement of prices was very narrow and deal.
inr* so small that the net changes are not im
portant, but practically all of them are losses.
The large decrease In earnings of St. Paul foi
the flrct week In October was a depressing fac
tor. More loans were called to-day and th<
rate m-aa marked up to 4 per cent before <
new accommodation could be found. This wai
the dominant Influence In the market and th<
renewed fall la sterling exchange, which car
ried the rate down to the new level of gold 1m
ports, seemed to have little Influence in off
fwttinir the effect of the higher money rate
The Bub-treasury transferred half a mlllioi
dollars to-<lay to the Interior and the draft!
paid by that Institution during the week or
account of gold deposited at Pacific points I:
<ju!te Insignificant. At the pre«ent rate of de
pletion of New York bank reserves. It is evi
dent that Saturday's Btatement will phow th«
eurr'us almost obliterated unless It shall b<
cffnet ty a drastic contraction of loans. An
other £54.000 was engaged in London to-da)
for Ehlpment to New York, but the discount
rates promnt'y responded with advances ex
tending to «, per cent, end It Is generally be
lleved that the Dank of England will advanct
the official rate to-morrow, as the private rat«
hoe now gone above it. The sensitiveness oi
the foreign markets to threatened withdrawal!
of gold detract rrem the beneficial effect or
speculation here. The reported panic on the
Vienna bourse yesterday gives an unpleasant
Impression.
Inert were firm spots In the bond market,
but business was very dull. Total sales, par
value. ikLQ.vOO. United States coupon 3s and
01a 4s declined U and new 4s advanced H per
. cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
1 Shares Closing
! Sold. Stock— Kid.
770 Atchison - -•> j
1 S.Olt) Atchison prefd 6»yi
2.0iO Baltimore & Ohio |
6fO Canadian Pacific f6
I 100 Canada Southern •>*,. I
2iO Chesapeake &: Ohio i-<?* I
2t«0 Chicago Great Western l' J *» I
I 4,710 Chicago Burlington & Quincy Ui;i [
Chicago lnd te Louisville 23
Chicago lnd & Louisville prefd 53
Chicago <s Eastern Illinois *6 1
Chicago £l Northwestern 160
1 1,450 Chicago Hock Island & Pacirtc H'r>H •
120 C C C & St Louis 61 J
100 Colorado Southern 5Vi i
¦ Colorado Southern 1st prefd 36'^ |
I Colorado bouthern 2d prefd 14 I
I Delaware &. Hudson HCVi 1
Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .175
1 Denver & Klo Grande l^i \
I Denver and Rio Grande prefd 6C?j I
• Erie H'-ie !
j Erie 1st prefd -, &V* j
330 Great Northern prefd 15i 1
• Hocking Coal 14 j
i-30 Hocking Valley 33^± I
545 Illinois Central U6
1W) Iowa Central 17 Vi
Iowa Central prefd 39
100 Lake Erie ai Western 28} 2
Lake Erie &. Western prefd 95 I
Lake Shore 205
400 Louisville & Nashville 71»s
I 24,900 Manhattan Elevated P2
700 Metropolitan Street Railway 149U, j
500 Mexican Central HVs
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 54
I 5,760 Minneapolis ic St Louis prefd :. 1*1
Missouri Pacific 4S*i
Mobile & Ohio 35
320 Missouri Kansas & Texas 9
20U Missouri Kant-as & Texas prefd.... 27
I 345 New Jersey Central 134
250 New York Central ll'S>
I Norfolk &: Wettem 34V4
J 8,9i0 Norfolk & Western pret'd 75V;
1.2U0 Northern Pacific 4S
I 1,200 Northern Pacilic rrefd to;*
Ontario & Western 2o>» !
Oregon Railway a: Xav 42
Oregon Railway Ac Xav prefd 76
3,960 Pennsylvania 129H |
Reading lo',«
1.E20 Reading 1st prefd 6S>* J
Heading 2d i>refd 26> 4
Rio Grande Western 4*
Rio Grande Western Drefd 90
100 St Louis & San Fran 10(i
115 St l>oui& & i?an Kran 1st prefd t»4
I .. . :-;t l»uis A: t^an Fran 2d prefd 3oVs
400 St Louis Southwestern 12
I C50 i=t Louis Southwestern prefd Zi'i
1 3.623 St Paul 111S
I St Paul prefd 169
100 St Paul it Omaha 10S
1,220 Southern Pacific 32H
1U0 Southern Railway 11«
£75 Southern Railway prefd L2 v a |
100 Texas &. PaciHc la^j
10.?70 Union Pacific 57-»
l.SSO Union Pacific prefd 73Vi |
100 Wabash 7 I
500 WabaFh prefd 17?» j
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie Mi I
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2J prefd 23H I
200 Wisconsin Central 11
Third Avenue 103
Express Companies—
Adams 120 I
American 150
100 United States -45
Wells Fargo 124 I
Miscellaneous— _ V ¦
100 American Cotton Oil 33U
American Cotton Oil prefd SS
200 American Malting 4
American Malting prefd 224
300 American Smelting & Refining 37^i
581 American Smelting & Refining pfd. SSU
American Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
250 American Steel Hoop 19 '4
105 American Steel Hoop prefd 67
3,120 American Steel & Wire 32H
350 American Steel & Wire prefd 73Vi
3.460 American Tin Plate 31*«
220 American Tin Plate prefd 82
4,042 American Tobacco 8J
American Tobacco prefd 129
200 Anaconda Mining Co 42% I
14,450 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 51** I
COO Colorado Fuel & Iron 33^ I
Continental Tobacco 24% j
Continental Tobacco prefd 77Vfe
2,062 Federal Steel 33»,6 I
210 Federal Steel prefd 63% t
General Electric 136»a !
Glucose Sugar 49'/4
250 Glucose Sugar prefd 98Vs
210 International Paper 17
200 International Paper prefd 62"^ I
£25 Laclede Gas CS !
240 National Biscuit 32
National Biscuit prefd 85
National Lead 17Va
National Lead prefd 90
200 National Steel 26
270 National Steel prefd 84
150 New York Air Brake 119
130 North American 14'£ I
300 Pacific Coast 57
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 85
Pacific Coast 24 prefd 6<5Vi
1.390 Pacific Mail SOU, i
24.700 People's Gas 8*14
500 Pressed Steel Car 39
Pressed Steel Car prefd 7514
Pullman Palace Car 185
Standard Rope &. Twine 4^4
11,320 Sugar 115*4
Sugar prefd imy, '.
3,430 Tennessee Coal & Iron 551^
870 United States Leather v% ¦
United States Leather prefd 6S'/4
United States Rubber 2S%
United States Rubber prefd SS
400 Western Union 7SU
370 Republic Iron &¦¦ Steel Co 11H
680 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 52^4
P C C & St Louis 52
174.600 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s IL & Nash unl 4s.. 93%
rer 103*4 N Y Cent lsts 103
do coup 103?; N J Cent gen 5s. ..123
do 3s reg .....lOS*, N'o Pac 3s 64%
do 2s coup,.......10S>4 I do 4s J«2%
do new 4s reg 133;vN Y C & St L 4s. .105
do coup 133 7 *i\orf & W con 4s.. 964
do old 4s reg 114^ Or Nav lsts 109
do coup lH'.il do 4s ...103
ao f.B rer 113^4 ; Or S Line 6s 127},
do coup 113*4 do con &s 112
Dls of Col 3.65s. ...123 Reading gen 4s ... 86%
, Atchison gen 4s.... 99 R G W lsts 99
do adj 4s 86VSt L & I M con Bs.lCSS
Can So 2ds 107 jSt L & S F gen 6s.l22\4
Ches & Ohio 4<£s.. 9S%lSt Paul cons 169'i
I do 5s llSVSt P C & Pac lsts. 117%
; C & SW con 7S...139 I do 6s 119
' do S F deb 5s. ...120 ISO Pac 4s 7S«4
; Chi Term 4s SUi So Ry 5s 109
• Colo 80 4s SOVi S Rope & T 6s...., 66
D & R G lsts 103 Tex & Pac lsts 113
do 4s 9S^i do 2ds CO
¦ Erie gen 4s CSVi Union Pac 4s 104*4
1 Ft W & D C lsts.. 72 Wabash lsts 117W
! Gen Elec 6s 117»4 do 2ds 101U
¦ Iowa Cent lets 111 West Shore 4s HSU
• M K & T 2ds 64% Wls Cent lsts 83-4
do 4s SOVi.Va cent 91
; MINING STOCKS.
i Chollar 28 Ontario 6 00
" Crown Point 18 Ophlr 45
, Con Cal & V».... 1 35 Plymouth 12
, Dead wood 60 Quicksilver 1 "25
; Gould & Curry .. 100 Do prefd COO
. Hale & Norcross.. 29 Sierra Nevada a)
. Homestake 55 00 Standard 390
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 28
I Mexican. 451Tel!ow Jacket 23
, BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
1 Money— Union Land iu
1 Call loans 3 @>4 Wls Cent iou
. Time loans <V=trG Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s 98>4
s A T & S Fe... 27% N B Gas & C 5s.. <HVi
; Do prefd 69H Mining Shares- ¦
. Amer Sugar 115% < Adventure 4U
¦ Bell Telephone 129 , Allouez Min Co... lfc.
I Boston &. Albany.. 247 i Amal Copper 87
- Boston L 147 Atlantic 22
. Boston & Maine.... 1S7 Boston & Mont.... 325
. Chi Bur.fc Q 124«4 Butte & Boston.... 56U
. Dominion Coal ;... 3S',i Calumet & Hecla..7C2
: Do Drefd 113 Centennial 16
II Fed-Steel \ 33V6 Franklin 14
1 \ Do prerd 64 Humboldt ......... 25
1 T a ¦rff ¦¦mr«-i J t»r-TtnriirM~iiiiTh ¦ m , . ..
Fltchburg: prefd ..137>£ Oaceola 67V4
Gen Elec jTefd ..139 Parrott 43%
Ed Elec 111 215 Qulncy 143
Mexican Cent .... lift Santa Fe Copper.. 6'i
Michigan Tel 85 Tamarack 230
N E Gas & Coke... UK Utah Mining 31
Old Colony 203 Wlnona : 2T»
Old Dominion .... 20',i Wolverines 40
Union Pacific 57^
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10. -The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The flatness in thp markets here continued to
day, little business being done. Americans were
quietly dull; The contango was 4 1 ,£'i?5 for
Northern Pacific and 3 for St. Paul. The bank
l.">st £50,000 gold for an unstated destination.
The week's outflow was " £873,000. It is under
etocd here that mere gold has been engaged
for America.
CLOSING!
LOXDOX. Oct. 10.— Consols for money, 9S 7-16;
for account, 98 1-16; Atchison. 29; Canadian
Pacific. SS%; St. Paul. 115»»: Illinois Central,
120: Louisville and Nashville. 73?4: Union Pa
cirtc preferred, 7G; Northern Pacific preferred.
71: Grand Trunk, CVi; Anaconda, 9H; Rand
Mines, 41?;; bar silver, steady, 29 9-16d per
ounce. Money, IU'52 per cent; discount rates,
short bills, 45j4»i; do three months' bills, 4S4>»
per cent.
Nczv York Money Market:
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Money on call, firmer
nt 2^4 per cent; last loan, 3. Prime mercan
tile paper, 5@6 per cent. Sterling exchange,
weak, with actual business In bankers' bills
at $4 83% for demand and at $4 79T« for sixty
days; posted rates, $4 81 ®4 81V« and $4 So©
$1 S5H: commercial bills. $4 79%@4 80. Silver
certificates. 63?n<J?<M»ic. Bar silver. E0»ic. Mex
ican dollars, uOUc Government bonds, irregu
lar; State bonds, weak; railroad bonds, irregu
lar.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $135,S3:,S79; rold, $S0,620,5e9.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
2C.1S5 barrels: exports. 3368 barrels; sales, 5900
packages. Market agi.in neglected and nom
inally lower with wheat. Minnesota patent,
$4.20@4.E0.
WHEAT— Receipts, 208,100 bushels; exports,
47,70S bushels; sales, 4,150,000 bushels futures,
200,000 bushels spot. Spot, weak; No. 2, 80Hc
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79Hc f. o. b. afloat;
Xo. 1 Northern Duluth, S6Hc f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Duluth, SSigc f. o. b. afloat. Options
had Jin irregular course. Opening steady to
firm on a little foreign buying, they reacted
under fine Northwest weather conditions and
lecal liquidation enly to rally again on firm
closing Kngllsh cables. In the day they broke
again under liquidation and closed weak at 3<?? ;
3'4c net decline. Sales Included No. 2 red.
March. S4 5-16@SSc, closed 84%c; May, 84'^
E4 15-16c, closed SJ^ic; October, closed ~S\c- De
cember. SI SSI l-16c, closed klHc.
HOPS— Quiet.
H I UKS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot barely steady: No. 7 invoice,
SHc: mild, quiet; Cordova, 9Vi<914c. Futures
cioted barely steady, with prices 15 points net
lewer. Total sales, 27.750 bapa. Including Octo
ber. $7.05; December, $7.2O<#7.25: January, J7.30;
February. $7.40; March, $7.40©7.45; May, $7.50,
and July, $7.60.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining, 4Uc; cen
trifugal. 96 test. 4\c; molasses sugar, 4c; re
fined,steady. .
BL'TTEK- Receipts. 6400 packages. Firmer;
creamery, 16«T21c; June creamery. 17@20ijc;
factory, I3V;<?516c.
EGGS — Receipts, 4627 packages. Strong;
Western regular packing at mark, lSSlSUc;
Wettern, lots off, 20c.
Dried Fruits in New York.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— A fair inquiry was
noted for choice and fancy grades of evaporated
apples. Other varieties were In moderate de
mand and steady. Supplies on hand continue
liberal and this served to check any further
advance in r>rices.
EVAPORATED APPLES— State common were
quoted from 4c to 5c; prime, 4?i@5Uc; choice,
5" if; 6c: fancy. 606%c
California drlod fruits were quiet but steady.
PRUNES— Were quoted from 3%c to SV4c per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll>?14c; Moorpark, 15@16c.
PEACHES-Peeled. 16@20c; unpeeled, 6S9c.
* ; *
Chicago Grain Market.
•K *
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— The wheat market held
fairly steady during the forenoon under the
influence of firmness at Liverpool and the cash
business yesterday when 550,000 bushels were
sold here for export. December opened at 77
@76%c, touched 77%e, dropped to 76%g76T4c.
and then rallied to 77Hc. Shorts were the best '
buyers. No particular cash support was forth
coming, however, but in its stead there was
selling by St. Louis Interests. This discour
aged the early buyers, who unloaded. Decem
ber, under this pressure, declined to 76%S"6Vjc,
at which fleure it closed, %c under yesterday.
Corn was dull and though steady early, linally
eased In sympathy with wheat weakness. De
cember closed H&Vic down at 31%34%c.
Business in oats was flat. December closed
He lower at 22%c.
Provisions were quiet and weak under the
influence of heavy hog receipts. January
closed 25c lower and lard and ribs each lf%c
down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
Steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 71%i@77c: No. 2
red. 75%S76c; No. 2 corn, 40%@41>ic; No. 2 yel
low, 40Tfcc; No. 2 oats, 22ftc; No. 2 white, 26Uc:
No. 3 white. 23%<§26%c; No. 2 rye. 57%c: fair
to choice malting barley, 5O@56c;* No. 1 flax
e*>ed. $166; No. 1 . Northwestern. $167: prime
timothy seed. $4 2CVJ74 30; mess pork, per barrel,
$15fc"!5 50; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 30^7 35; short
ribs sides (loose), $8 10S8 35; dry salted should
ers (boxed). 6UQ#Hc; short clear sides (boxed),
$S 3Oli8 40; clover, contract grade, $10 25010 50. •
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37,000 11,000
Wheat, bushels 336.000 111,000
Corn, bushels 576,000 , 891,000
i Oats, bushels 496,000 ; 313.000 •
Rye, bushels 12.000 1,000
Barley, bushels 144.000 '. .23,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 16@20c; dairy,
134/ 18c. Cheese, firm; 10Vi@ll%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 16c. "-,'— ' "
' LIVERPOOL. ,
Wheat— Dec. Feb.
Opening 6 3 " 6 3»i
Closing 6 3«4 6 4'
Wheat-- ' Oct. Jan.-April.
Opening 20 06 2140
Closing ..20 10 2145
Flour— ¦ .
Opening 25 40 27 25
Closing ...25 50 27 35
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. lO.-CATTLE-Recelpts, 21,
000, Including 2C00 Westerns and 2300 , Texans.
Native steers, ¦ 5®10c lower; • "Western ¦ feeders!
10c lower; Texans. 10c lower. ; Good to prime
steers, $5 40^5 90; poor to medium. $4 50@5 35
selected feeders, $3 75@4 40: mixed stockers'
$2 75g3 65; cows $2 65@4 35; heifers, $2 75«?4 m ib
cannera', $2fi2 60: bulls. $2 2S©3 40: calves. $4©
®f \o7™v,%%%?h?: 20 ® 4 so: * ra88ers - ia *>
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 34,000; to-morrow,
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new. 4s
Md; do old nominal. Futures, quiet; Novem
ber, 4s 4d; December, 4s 2%d: January, 3s ll»id.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
steady. 6a 3V4d; No. 1 Northern spring, steady,
6s 6%d; No. 1 California quiet 6s $»id. Fu
tures, quiet; December, 6s 1H<1; 'February,
6s 4d.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— Consols,' 98 11-16; silver,
29 9-16d: French rentes, 99f 95c; cargoes No.
1 standard California, 31s 9d; cargoes. Walla
Walla. 30s 3d; English country markets, part
6d cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 10.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California, 6s 6%dQ<!s 7d; wheat In
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
sultry.
COTTON— Uplands, 6%d.
CLOSING.
TACOMA. Oct. 10.— Wheat— Quiet, unchanged.
Bluestem, 57V4c; Club, 54%c, both for export.
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, Oct. 10.— Fifty-five cents was
paid for Walla Walla wheat to-day and at
some Interior points reports were In circulation
that KiHc was paid. Bluestem is easy at 57%
©5Sc. There In nothing doing In Valley for ex
port at the present time as the mills are tak
ing up all that Is offering.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 10.— Clearings, $420,
227; balances. $S3,538.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— Cotton futures de
clined 10@12 points on initial sales. The mar
ket further settled 10 points before midday. It
was extremely difficult to find and prices
dropped 4fi. r . points at a time until $9 75 was
reached for January. Instead of reacting later
in the day on covering for profits, the market
continued In an extremely feeble condition, wifh
prices hovering around low water mark. The
market at the close was steady In tone, with
prices net 32©43 points lower.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
" NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— General dullness pre
vailed throughout the entire session for metals
to-day. Tin, the only metal showing signs of
life, was firmer on demand for prompt Bhlp
ments and an advance of £1 abroad. The close
was firm at $2S 75@29. The rest of the list was
entirely nominal. Plgiron warrants were quoted
at $9 50610, with an easy undertone. Lake
copper was dull and unchanged at $16 75@17.
Lead and spelter ruled dull at unchanged prices
on the basis of $4 2VA and $4 10(^4 12V,. respect
ively. The brokers' price for lead was $4, ex
change $4 37V4 and for copper $16 87%.
New York Metal Market.
LONDON. Oct. 10.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 12,546 bales were offered. There was
good competition for crossbreds, of which the
bulk went to the home trade. Broken greasy
wool sold and New South Wales scoured were
ialrly competed'ror at steady prices, fine grades
realizing high prices. Cape of Good Hope and
Natal wools were In good supply, but dragged,
several lots being withdrawn. Superior snow
whites were in better demand at full rates. The
attendance was good.
The rales of the week in Boston amounted to
2,641.000 pounds domestic and 40,000 pounds for
eign, making a total of 2,SS1,000, against a total
of 2.62?,000 for the previous week and a total
of 4.46G.0O0 for the corresponding week last
year. Sales since January 1 amount to 101,
100.000 pounds, against 130.954,100 pounds for the
corresjK>ndinc time last year.
London Wool Market.
There has been a fair demand for wool during
the past week, mostly from the smaller mills
outside of the combine, comprising those mak
ing men's wear, worsted and woolens, dresa
goods and flannels. Some of the smaller mills
had, it Is reported, been waiting for the larger
consumers to take the initiative in the matter
of purchasing wool, but being very lightly
stocked, they have concluded to act Irrespec
tively of others and have accordingly purchased
some fair-sized lines of wools, especially Terri
tory, California and Texas and fine unwashed
fleeces. The wools were purchased to meet ac
tual requirements, there being still no evidence
of any speculative tendency. Prices hold pretty
steady, and where the consumer really wants
the wool the holder can secure practically as
good prices as he could a month ago. Tha
London wool- sales on Tuesday of this week
showed an average decline of 12»,4 per cent on
merinos, fine breds being quoted 7Vi@10 per cent
lower, but coarse and low crossbreds quoted
unchanged. The decline has been discounted
6ome time before.
BOSTON, Oct. 10.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say of the wool trade to
morrow :
Boston Wool Market.
Earl Company fruit sales: Grapes— Tokays,
70ee*l 73 single crates. Prunes— Italians, 55>365c.
nlnzlv crateB. Eiirht cars fruit sold.
BOSTON, Oct. 10.— The Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit to-day at auction were
as follows: Graces— Tokays, single crates, 93c
C$1 SO, average $1 21. Prunes— Italians, single
crates, 504jC0c, average 52c. Wet, unfavorable
weather. Three cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: I'ears — Glout Morceau.
$1 lof/1 75 box, 50c half box; Cornice, 70c; Win
ter Xelis, $1 10@l 40. Grapes— Tokays— $1 20®
1 60 .-"Insle crates.
Porter Bros." Company sales: Grapes—To
kays. *3jf3 30 double, 93c@$l 73 single crates;
Cornlciions, ?3 double and 51 50@l 55 single
oratrs; Morocco, ?1@2 GO single crates; Muscats.
70c(Tt?2 20; Hlfhop, 90c^$l 50. Eleven cars fruit
sold to-day.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— Earl Frtilt Company
sales California fruit: Grapes — Tokays, $2 03@
S 10 double, S0e$?$l CO single crates; Cornichon,
$2 60@2 95 double, $1 35@1 50 single crates. Pears
— Beurre Clalrgeau, $1 5501 70 box; W. Do
yenne, 60<gS0o; Neli3. $1 75@2 50. Peaches—Fal
ivays. 40@53c half box. Plums — Coe's Late
Red, u.Vdfliii* single crates. Prunes — Italians, 55
gsoc Einslc crates.
7 months', 9311c; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 15
eijc: Nevada. 13S16c per lb. w . „
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6V4©8c: do Lambs.. 8
«9c; Middle County. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— HH«l4Hc per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 85: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 5\c; Wool Bags. 28V4®32>4c; Fleece
Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags. 6^©6%c for white and
8U@S%c for bleached Jute.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton: South
field Wellington. *9: Seattle. *7: Bryant. *7;
Cooa Bay. $5 5«; Wallsen.l. $9; Co-operative
Wallsend, J3; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 15
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14:
Cannel. $12 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and S13 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 SO per ton. according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.65c; Powdered. 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.25c: Dry Granulated. 6.15c: Confec
tioners' A. 6.15c; Magnolia A 6.75c: Extra. C.
5.65c; Golden C. 5.55c; barrels. 10c more: half
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 60c more: 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
! rels, 6.90c; boxes, 7.15c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 6#6%c for Steers and &QZ\ic per lb for ;
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7<38c; small 8»4®9c per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers. 7@7V4c; ewes, 6%®7c per
pound.
LAMB— S@S^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. E^c for.small. 5%®53ic for
medium and 5i;sjS>*c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5®5Uc; dressed Hogs, 7tt©S%c
Receipts of Produce.
FOR "WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10.
Flour, qr sks 24,459 Sugar, sks 200
Wheat, ctl* 760 Sugar, bbls 579
Barley, ctls 2.4S5 Raisins, bxs 1.500
Oats, ctls 1.080 Leather, rolls.... 51
Corn, East. ctls. 1.000 Hides. No 275
Rye. ctls 260 Pelts, bdls 8,553
Butter, ctls 2S1 Lime, bbls 1S2
Cheese, ctls 239 Wine, gals 13.100
Beans, sks 3,723 Eggs, doz „ 10,110
Potatoes, sks 4.7S6 Wool, bales 112
Onions, sks 700 Hops, bales 214
Bran, sks 50O Hay, tons 894
Middlings, sks... 1.300
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks..... 7,613 Bran, sks 5,000
"Wheat, ctls 535 Hops, bales 20
Oats, ctls 4.130 Flaxseed. sks 7.2S1
AUSTRALIA.
Wool, bales 83
Fancy brands of creamery Butter bring the
top quotation. The market Is rather lightly
suDDlted, though there Is plenty of medium
grades here. Cheese shows no change.
Eggs are firm at the improved prices, with
moderate stocks of fine ranch.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 28823c; Sec
onds. 27g27Hc.
Dairy— Fancy, 25®26c: good to choice, 23®24c;
common. 20@22c.
Creamery tub— 20O2:V4e per lb.
Pickled roll— 19®21c.
Firkin-lS@19c.
Storage goods— 22H<S24e.
CHEESE— New, 10H@llc: old, 9®10c: "icun?
America. 10H®12c; Eastern, 13^0 14c; Wejtern,
10®12c oer lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20<g25c for store and 32^'J
37%c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18326c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Arrival of 566 boxes Mexican Limes. Prices
1 are unchaneed.
The attempt to hold up Cranberries is meet-
Ing with Indifferent success, as most dealers
are offering them at the old quotations. Fresh
arrivals are on the market.
• Good Grapes, both table and wine, rule firm,
but wet and partially decayed stock is cheap
and slow of sale. . - •
DECIDUOUS FRUIT
APPLES—25(fK0c per box for common and
60CSJ1 for good to choice.
PEARS— Winter N'ellls. 60c®$l; Cooking
Pears. 25(5 65c Per box.
QUINCES— 25@6Oc per box.
PERSIMMONS— "Sega per box.
FIOS— 25^'oc per ordinary box.
BLACKBERRIES— $6<ff7 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $S28 50; Cooa
Bay, $2ffr2 25 per box. i
STRAWBERRIES— $3(04 per chest for larg«
and $6©7 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 30@75e per small box and
$101 75 per -large bnx. ¦
PLUMS— 25®5Oc per box.
GRAPES— Muscat. 35<S«T>c per crate; black.
33<6?65c: Tokay, 35©63c; Isabella. 60@75c: Corni
chon, 65®75c: Wine Grapes, $20022 50 for white,
$21@23 for Mission and $23®27 per ton for Zln
fandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 50@90c per case; Canta
loupes, 75c@$l 50 per crate; Watermelons, $5®
18 per 100. •
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges, 75c@$2:
Valenclar, $l<g4: Lemons. $1(S2 for common and
$2 50{T3 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $40
4 50: Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per bunch: Pineapples,
?!. 50® 3 50 per dozen. *
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa • Claras, 4 sizes, 3c; :
40-508, 7c; M-60s. 5%c; 60-70*, 3*4c; 70-SOs, 3*4e;
S0-90s. 2«4c; 90-lOfts, 2Hc; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, >ic premium; Sonomas, V4c and San Joa
quins, 'ic less than Santa Claras, except 100a
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6fJ
8c for Royals and 10<3llV4c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 506c; sun-dried, 2HC4c;
Peaches, 4^®5c for standard, C^4^?fic for choice
and 7@Sc for fancy; Pears, 2S"c; Plums, pitted,
5f|6Hc; unpltted, l??H»c: Nectarines, 5®5Hc for
red and 6H<JH>c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the followluc prices for the
eeason of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard, 8*«c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas—
Fancy, 10^c per lb: choice. 9V4c; standard, ty A c;
prime fc; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 6Hc: 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c;
3-crown, 6\4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. |2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. AH
prices f.o.b. at common shipping points In Cali
fornia.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 10©12Hc per lb: Walnuts.
No. 1 softshell, lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell.
10c; No. 2. "He; Almonds, 13<gii6c for paper
shell, injure for softshell: Peanuts. E€6c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pecans.
Ilipl3c: Cocoanuts, $3 S0©5.
HONEY— Comb. 13H©14Hc for bright and 1214
«Tl3c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7%f«Sc; light amber, extracted, 7@«V4c; dark. 6
S«V4c per lb. ¦", '.-
BEESWAX-2ie26 per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, HHc. per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium, 13»4c for li«ht,
14c for extra light and 15%c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12c; Mess Beef,
!HS2 per . bbl: extra Mess - * 136 °: Family.
$11 50: extra Prime. Pork. $15 50: ex;tra clear
$19; Mess. $16 50; Smoked Beef. 12H«?13c per lbl
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
d?$c: 10-lb tins. 10V«c; 5-lb tins, lO^c.
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel,' $%c; three
hclf-barrels. 8Vic; one tierce. S%c; two tierces
SVic; fU-e tierces, 8Hc per lb. • *
y Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. . Heavy . salted
Steer.8, 9©9tfc: medium,, 8He; light. 8c; Cow
hide* 8c; Stags. 6c; ,' Salted Kip, 8c; Salted
Veal, 8c: Salted Calf, 9c;'Dry Hides, 15@l5i$c;
culls, 12®13c: Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, lseisc:
culls and brands, 12@l3c; Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 15(?25c each; short Wool. 30@40c each"
medium, 50070c: long Wool. 75c@$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2©2 25 for large. $1 75 for medium
$1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides
dry. $150 for large. $1 25 Tor medium, $1 for
small and 25g50c for colts. . Deerskins— Summer
or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c
winter or ¦' thin skins, 17it®20c. Goatskins-
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth 50c
medium, 35c • - ¦ ' ;¦.--..
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4'ic per lb- No.
2, 3fi3Vic; grease, 2<8'2>,ic. . .
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15016c: Northern, defective. 12®
14c; Middle County. - free. 14@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c; Southern Mountain 12
months", 9® 10c; Southern- Mountain, free, 7
months', U@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,"
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. 75c©$l 12',4 for Valley and $3
for Mountain: Mallard. tWo; Canvasback. $3®
9; Sprig. $2ig>3; Teal. $2 5O©3; Widgeon. $1 500
1 75: Small Duck. $1@1 50; Gray Geese. $2 50
@3; White Geese, 75c®$l 25; Drant, for
small and for large; English Snipe, $1 25®
2; Jack Snipe, 75c@$l; Hare, $125; Rabbits,
$1 25/21 50 for cottontail and $1 for brush;
Doves. 50t}60c per dozen.
Game continues to arrive j freely and some of
yesterday's receipts were in bad condition, ow
ing to the recent hot weather.
Poultry shows little change. Supplies are not
excessive, and the demand Is very fair.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16©17c Tor Gobblers
and 16® 17c for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 25®
1 50; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks. $3^4 for old
and $3 50®4 50 for young: Hens, $4§5 50: Young
Koosters, $4 50^5; Old Roosters, $4g4 50; Fry
ers. $3S3 50: Broilers. J3'«3 50 for large and
J2 25^2 75 for small; Pigeons. $1®1 25 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
Merced Sweets are lower, arrivals of late
having been free. Potatoes and Onions stand
about the same.
The rain has affected Vegetables, and they
are coming In damaged In consequence, which
accounts for the weaker prices for some descrip
tions.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 35@50c for Rivers and
Z'r.Siii 10 per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, &>®75c for
Rivers tnd $1 for Merced.
OX1OXS- 50@6oc per ctl; Pickle Onions. 35®
60c.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2(34c per lb:
String Beans, Ui@3c;' Llmas, 2(?3c per lb;
Cabbage, $1; Tomatoes. Bay, I.'ffSOc; Egg
Plant. 35@50c per box; Green Okra. 40®60c;
Green Peppers, 25©50c per box for Chill and 35®
FOc for Bell; Dried Peppers. 10015c: Carrots,
25<f?35c per sack; Summer Squash, 60cS$l for
Alameda; Cucumbers, 25® 40c for Alameda;
Pickles. $1@1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50©75c
for No. 2; Garlic, 4®4^4c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, t log 15 uer ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
There were large receipts of Flaxseed from
"Washington.
Receipts of Beans continue free, but the mar
ket shows little change, beyond some weak
ness In white*. Llmas are .ruling rather firmer.
BEANS-Bayos. $1 K&2\ Small "White, $3 25®
3 50: Large White. $2 25 £ 2 50: Pink. $2 2502 50;
Red, $3; Blackeye, $2 50@2 60; Lima. $5 25@5 30;
rea. $3 73«j-4; Red Kidneys, $3 25®3 50.
SEfDS— Brown Mustard, 4c; Yellow Mustard,
5c; Flax. ?2fr2 50; Canary, 3^c per lb for Cali
fornia and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal;
Rape. 2'4@3c; Hemp. 4®4%c: Timothy, 4@4V4c.
DRIED PEAS — Nlles, SI HVS2: Green, $1 80@
2 20 per ctl ; Blackeye, $1 50@l 75.
AH prices remain as before. Hay and Bran
continue firm.
BRAN— $16017 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@Z1 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25<5>26; Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17018; Corn Meal, $265?
27; Cracked Corn. $26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed,
$13«*>16.
HAY— Volunteer, $3ff?S; Wheat. Jll#?13 50;
Wheat and Oat. J10@12 50; Oat. $9frll 50; Clover.
$4fT6: Alfalfa, $7*78 50; Barley, $7^J per ton.
STRAW-30@42Hc per bale. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
family and $3 15®3 50 for • bakers' ; Eastern.
$4 75®5 75 per bbl. . - - . ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 "5; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
ing. -$3 5003 75; Buckwheat Flour. $404 23;
Cracked "Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
32.000: left over, 8000; market. 10@15c lower;
top; $5 35. Mixed and butchers. $4 9O@5 35;
Brood to choice heavy/ 14 90®5 30; rough heavy.
J4 75*} 4 So; light, $4 90@3 35: bulk of sales. *5@
5 20. . . • • •
SHEEP-Reeelpts. 21,000; sheep and lambs,
feeders steady; others slow. Good to choice
wethers, $3 S0@4 10; fair to choice mixed, $3 40©
3 80: Western sheep, $3 S0<9>4 10; Texas. $2 50©
3 50: lambs, native, $4 23@5 30; "Western. $4 75
©¦5 20. . . . . ¦
THE SAN FR AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER l'i; 190O.
California Fruit Sales.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Foreign Futures.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat- No. 2—
October 75«i 76 15% 75'4
November 76H 76% 75%" 75%
L>ecember 77 77H 76>4 76S
Corn No. 2— '
October ." 40T4 - 40Ti 40tf 40\4
November 37% 37% 371* 3714
December 34% 35 34% 34};
Oas No. 2—
October 22 22 21% 21%
November 22V4 22«4 21% 22
December 22V4 22H 22*4 22H
Mess Pork, Der bbl—
October , 16 00
November U 40 11 40 11 25 11 27^4
Januarj' 1170 1175 1150 1150
Lard, r>er 100 lbs—
October 7 27V4 7 30 7 25 7 23
November 7 22H 7 25 7 17^4 7 20
January 6 S7H 6 90 6 77U 6 80
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs—
October 7 95 7 95 7 80 7 SO
November 7 20 7 20 7 00 7 10
January .......;.... 6 20 6 22^4 6 16 6 15
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat- No. 2—
October 75«i 76 15% 75'4
November 76H 76% 75%" 75%
L>ecember 77 77H 76>4 76S
Corn No. 2— '
October ." 40T4 - 40Ti 40tf 40\4
November 37% 37% 371* 3714
December 34% 35 34% 34};
Oas No. 2—
October 22 22 21% 21%
November 22V4 22«4 21% 22
December 22V4 22H 22*4 22H
Mess Pork, Der bbl—
October , 16 00
November U 40 11 40 11 25 11 27^4
Januarj' 1170 1175 1150 1150
Lard, r>er 100 lbs—
October 7 27V4 7 30 7 25 7 23
November 7 22H 7 25 7 17^4 7 20
January 6 S7H 6 90 6 77U 6 80
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs—
October 7 95 7 95 7 80 7 SO
November 7 20 7 20 7 00 7 10
January .......;.... 6 20 6 22^4 6 16 6 15
AUCTION SALES
TO: MARCUSE.
G " ler a. 1 Auctioneer 115 Montgomery st.
On FRIDAY. October 12. 1900. at 11 o'clock
J:™" 1 - , at No, 1330 SCOTT STREET, corner
« Farrell street. I will sell one grand upright
pecker Piano, elegant mahogany Parlor Furnl-
in d body Brussels Carpets. Steel Kngrav-
>nss. Bric-a-brac, very fine walnut Bedroom
isJ!!" re> Enameled Bedstead. Hne oa!c Dining
Furniture and Sideboard. No. 7 Medal Range
Xu r£° o<X Klt chen Furniture; also fine Sewin?
etc etc' elesant Harness and good Bicycle.
.£*> AUCTION SALE!
ft vWA M0RmG - Octob? r '•'• 1»"°- «t »*>
drivf™ i head ot flne dra " an '» w*n-matehe.t
f\V\!-T*A? O r?A s: 3 »P'«»dld black teams. OCfl-
DENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. 721 Howard st.Mrs. McMann's Petition.
Mrs. Barah McMann has applied for let
ters of guardianship upon the person ai:d
estate of her husband, Francis C. Mc-
Mann, Who is now an inmate of Agnewa
Asylum. Eight years ago when McMann
was a member of the police force of this
city, he was stabbed In the ear while
making:' an arrest.' His mind became un
balanced through the Injury and Binco,
then he has been confined in the, asylum.
Poolselling Cases to Be Tried.
Attorney Coffey, - special prosecutor in
the noolselllng cases, tried to arrange a
meetinK with the Police Judges yesterday
to get the cases on their calendars set for
trial, but failed. There are five cases in
Judge Mogan's court, six in Judge Con
lan'« six In Judge Fritz's and ten in
Judge Cabanlss' court. There were thirty
two cases altogether and five have been
disposed of. An; effort will be made to
day to get matters fixed so that the trials
can be proceeded with as speedily as pos
sible. _¦ *
"Wives Seek . Divorce.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— On the ground of
failure to provide Lucy Frances Fletcher
to-day commenced suit for a divorce from
¦William Chester Fletcher. Willette W.
Jackson filed an action for a divorce from
William M. Jackson. Ghe alleges that her
husband deserted her.
"Will Commemorate Evacuation Day.
The native and former residents cf New
York State met at the Occidental Hotel
last evening and voted to hold a banquet
on the evening of November 25 in com
memoration of Evacuation day. The bo
ciety has a membership of nearly one
hundred and an effort will be made to
bring in many new members before tho
date of the banquet. Several applications
were received at the meeting last evening:.
Dr. Kinyoun Makes Complaint.
Federal Quarantine Officer J. J. Kln
youn filed a written complaint yesterday
with United States District Attorney
Frank 'L. Coombs against John Hodge,
pilot and engineer of the gasoline launch
William W. The doctor alleges that
Hodge -went alongside the steamer Eclipse
from Alaska and took off fifty-five pas
sengers before the vessel had been given
pratique. The complaint was referred to
Acting Collector Stanley Jackson'.'
Stabbing Affair Over a Woman.
John McCauley had a bad knife wound
dressed at the Receiving Hospital yester
day. The wound was inflicted by J. J.
Curley in a lodging-house at 220 Third
Ptreet, where McCauley, who had been
recently discharged from the transport
Grant, was found In company with a
female acquaintance of Curley. The
latter became Indignant and proceeded to
chastise the woman for talking to Mc-
Cauley. McCauley Interfered and in a
mix-up the point of a knife was driven
Into McCauley's side over the left kidney.
The -wound Is not considered necessarily
fatal by Dr. Bauer, who treated him.
McCauley refused to remain in the hos
pital. Curley was locked up on the charge
of battery.
Miss American Will Speak.
Miss Sadie American, the distinguished
lecturer, will speak to-night in Sherith
Israel Synagogue under the auspices of
the San Francisco Council of Jewish Wo
men. She will pjioak on "The National
Council." Miss Mordecal will discus
"The Philadelphia Section" and Mrs. M
C Sloss will read a paper en "The Pro
jected Policy of the San Francisco Sec
tion."
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— Marriage licenses
were issued to-day to Harry Wilber Mor
rlll, 29 years of age, and Tlllle Seeband,
18. both of Livermore; Will Thomas
Montgomery, 37, Mountain House, Idaho,
and Georgle L. M. Carroll, 24. Alameda:
Percy George Betts, 24. Berkeley, and
Emellne Eva Freeman, 21, Oakland; Har
ry Bercovlch. 24, and Fannie percovich.
18, both of Oakland; Andrew Sorensen
Block 27. and Christina Nicholsen, 32,
both of Dublin; William H. Price Jr.. 27.
and Mabel Campbell Forester, 22, both of
Oakland; Edward Theodore Harms, 3.3.
and Helen Ford McKuslck. 22, both of
Berkeley; Joseph Cabral. 33, Sunol. and
Mary Ann Souza, 33. Oakland: Ixmls Al
bert Bartlett, 29, and Catherine Louise
Qulnn, 26, both of San Francisco; Frank
Holtano, 21 and past, Groveland, and
Katherine Cereghino, 18 and past. Oak
land- Herbert Horrell Webster. 23, and
Alma Plnn, 23, both of San Francisco;
Henry Wellheimer. 35. Mountain View,
and Llllle E." Hlrsch, 27. Irvington.
Boy Accused of Robbery.
Shortly before 5 o'clock Tuesday a thief
sneaked into a jewelry store kept by C.
A. Parlln at 135 Sixth street, and while the
proprietor was eng-aged In repairing a
broken ring got away with ten silver
and gold plated watches. He was seen
leaving the place by the proprietor, who
gave chase, but was unable to overtake
the fleet-footed thief. The robbery was
at once reported to Captain Seymour, who
detailed Detectives Ryan and Crockett on
the case. Last night they arrested Charles
Blum, aged sixteen years, on suspicion o*
havins committed the crime.
SENECA. Mo.. Oct. 10.— Mrs. Edward Gold
berg is dead from mushroom poisoning. Her
husband, agent for the Quapau Indians, died
yesterday of the same trouble.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— The French «"econd
class cruiser Cecllle having on board Rear Ad
miral Richard. In charge of the French naval
division in the Atlantic, arrived here to-day
from Sydney. Cape Breton.
WASHINGTON. Oct. Ml— Postmaster Gen
eral Charles Emory Smith left Washington to
day for Lincoln, Neb., where he will asrak on
the 12th, beginning a campaign tour that will
cover Nebraska and Kansas,
PITTSItURG. Oot. 10.— At to-day's session of
the National Humane Society. Richard Tabor
of Chicaso made an exhaustive report on cru
elly, to animals, and recommendations were
made that vigorous steps toward the correc
tion of abuses by the native drivers be made.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— E. Bertwer. one of
the saloon passengers on the Ward line steamer
Havana, who was transferred to Hoffman
Island yesterday, was taken sick last night and
removed to Swinburno Island Hospital for
treatment. To-day he developed yellow fever.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— The Treasury De
partment to-day gave notice of the discovery
of a new counterfeit |W silver certificate, series
of 1891, with portrait of Hendrlcks. The coun
terfeit Is described as a photographic print
without the silk fiber and of Inferior workman
ship.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio. Oct. 10.— Professor
Zueblln, of Chicago University, presided at
the convention called here to-day for the pur
pose of organizing a national Improvement
league. Mayor C. R. Bolos delivered an ad
dress of welcome, after which committees were
named. •
UTICA. N. T.. Oct. R-The Franklin furnace
and Clinton Iron ore mines which have been
operated for the last elshteen months by M.
A. Hanna & Co. *t Cleveland, will soon shut
down and go out of blast. About 400 employes
will be affected. No explanation Is made as
to why the fires will be drawn.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— There promises to
be lively competition for bull. ling the new bat
tleships and cruisers. S-veral of the ship
building industries already have their repre
sentatives here securing the »ectflcatlon.i for
the ships preparatory to submitting bids. These
Include some yards- which thus far have not
done any Government work. .
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
Teamster Badly Hurt.
Charles Fritch, a teamster in the em
ploy of the City Improvement Company,
met with a serious accident yesterday
mornlnp which may cost him his life. As
he was driving out of the company's yard
at Harrison and Seventeenth streets at
7 o'clock his head struck the Rate cas
mp. He was removed to the City and
County Hospital, where Dr. Soph found a
bad fracture of the skull. The injured
man Is a native of Germany, aged 45
years, and resides at Folsom and Empire
streets. .
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
BTC3OS. Oct. 10. — The Scott ranch, five miles
northeast of this place, containing «ono trees,
principally olive and orange, has been sold to
Chicago parties for $S00a
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. W.— Th»
prize of Ilrt offered for the best football aong
has been awarded to L. McF. Bowman. "0t. F.
B. Wagner. '03. submitted the best yell.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 10.— A larare forest ftr« In
the redwoods can be seen front this city, raginc
In the mountains In the direction of Loma,
Prleta.
SEATTLE. Oct. 10.— Fire in the rear of the
Chicago Furniture Company's store In the new
Estabrook block, corner of Secnnd avenue and
Union street, resulted In about V*i00O damage to
stock. Assistant Chief of Fire Department
Ralph Cook and Chief Kellogg, together with
two pipe men. P. Kumph and B. HcwMsr, wer»
badly but not seriously burned and bruised
during: the fire.
Boilermaker Dundon Sued.
Suit was filed yesterday by C. Krasil
nlkoff against P. F. Dundon. politician
and boiler-maker, to recover S34.4S0 dam
ages for breach of contract. Plaintiff al
leges that Dundon agreed to deliver two
steamship boilers for $3600 each, the same
to be delivered in May of 1S0S. They were
not delivered until April of 1899, however.
The boilers were placed in steamers at
BlagovestchenBk, Russian Asia, Plaintiff
claims he 'had contracted for the sale ot
the vessels for $81,000. but after the Dun
don boilers had been installed, he says, he
was forced to remove them and substi
tute others, which resulted in a loss to
him-in the sum sued for.
Policeman Accidentally Injured.
Police Officer Robert Connor was badly
injured In a street car accident on the
Union-street line yesterday morning.
Shortly after 10 o'clock Officer Connor
¦waj? on his way to the station to report
on duty. As the car approached Vallejo
ureet it collided with a heavy sprinkling
car. Connor was seated on the dummy
and jumped to pave himself from being
crushed to death. As he swung himself
from the car his hand was caught and
badly crushed. He resides at 1S10 Filbert
street.
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COURT.
Forester Arrested Because He ForgtJt
to Pay Dues of a Brother
Member.
R. W. Jones was charged in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday with misdemeanor
embezzlement. The complaining witness
wa3 C. F. Westphal. Both belong to the
same lodfe of Foresters, and some weeks
ago Westphal gave Jones $2 70 with which
to pay his dues. Jones forgot all about it
and Westphal was suspended for non
payment of dues. When Jones' attention
was called to the matter he paid the dues
and made every effort to get Westphal
reinstated. Westphal was not satisfied
and had Jones arrested, and the Judge
after hearing the testimony dismissed the
case..
John Carr appeared in Judge Cabanlss'
court yesterday on a charge of burglary
and the. case was continued. He broke
into a shoe store on Sixth street early
yesterday morning and was caught leav
ing the place with several pairs of shoes
In his possession by Policeman Fpntana
and Special Policeman Maloney.
Warrants were sworn out in the Police
courts yesterday for the arrest of J. M.
Wilkins of the Cliff House. M. J. Shee
han, saloon-keeper. Ocean Heach, and H.
Lenhardt of the Casino, Golden Gate Park,
for using nickel-ln-the-slot machines and
paying cash to winners.
J. W. Cameron of the health office se
cured a warrant from Judge Cabaniss yes
terday for the arrest of Dr. B. H. Bau
mlester on the charge of neglecting to re
port a case of diphtheria.
Personal Notes.
Dr. I* W. Moore of Antioch is at the
Grand.
Bishop W. F. Nichols is registered at
the Occidental.
S. Finnell. a large rancho.r at Tehama,
Is at the Lick.
J. Collins and wife of Portland are reg
istered at the Uck.
Dr. J. Rocher and wife of Hawthorne,
Nfev., are at the Lick.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Mary P. Fehlauer from Mai B.
Kehlauer for neglect and Unity J. Kelley
from Thomas C. Kellev for failure to
provide. John T. F. Burns has sued Irene
Burns for a divorce, alleging Infidelity as
causo of action. Suits lor divorce on the
ground of desertion have been filed by-
Ella Moses against C. Moses, Sarah Naf
taly against Moses Naftaly, John Good*
man against Frankie L. Goodman. Mrs.
M. Blondnetta Dickey against Miles O.
Dickey, Nathan Rotke against Sarah
Rotke, Albert E. Bhrenpfort against Re
becca Ehrenpfort and William Aickley
against Mary Aickley.
BTTBGLABS PICK LOCKS,
AND PLUNDER SHOPS
Merchants Alarmed Because of the
Ease With Which Their Stores
Are Entered.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— Burglars who can
pick locks to a nicety are disturbing the
police and merchants. The prowlers by
night have demonstrated that they are.
experts with key and lock forclrsr de
vices. The thieves are paying special at
tention to doors that can be opened with
flat keys. No unnecessary violence Is
used.
Last night the C. K. Adams Company's
store at 1232 Broadway was entered. Sil
verware and other valuables were stolen,,
but only $1 in coin was found by the In
truders.
Last Sunday night the Columbia Cloak
House at 455 Thirteenth street was plun
dered and a lot of ladles' wraps and other
wearing apparel were carried off.
Domerico Had a Stag Party.
Marcuso Domcrico, whose place of busi
ness is at 1324 Natoma street, was the
victim of three toughs last Sunday even
ing. The trio came into the place and
suggested that Domerico treat them to
some wine, which he did. As soon as the
red liquid began to work they became
hilarious and proposed to Domerico to
have a dance. He accepted, and while
waltzing about the floor a purse contain
ing $25 was extracted from his hip pocket.
As soon as he discovered his loss he re
ported the occurrence to Lieutenant An
derson of the Seventeenth-street station
who detailed Detectives Fitzgerald and
Graham on the case. The sleuths arrested
Paul Graves and Gup Muldoon, both of
whom were Identified by Domerico They
were charged with grand larceny.
FREEHOIiDEHS STJSTAHTED.
Board Framing the New Charter for
Los Angeles Legally Constituted.
Interests the Coast.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 10.— In department
6 of the Superior Court this morning
Judge Allen decided that the Los Ange
les Board of Freeholders, now framing a
new city charter, has a legal existence.
The legality of the board was called Into
question in a friendly way to enjoin the
City Treasurer from paying a bill incurred
by the board, the contention being that
the city had exhausted its right to elect
a Board of Freeholders under the State
law when the first board was elected sev
eral years ago. The contention of the
attorneys for the defense was that th<»
right to elect a Board of Freeholders and
to alter the city charter or substitute a
new one is permanent and can be exer
cised whenever the electors so choose.
The case will be appealed to the Su
preme Court and an effort will be made
to obtain a hearing Defore the full bench
next Friday.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— Postofflce dis
continued: Oregon— Fir, Washington
County; mail to Glenwood.
Pensions issued: California— Additional
— Jonathan W. Marvin. Redlands, $S.
Restoration and Increase — Solomon Bar
nett (dead), Woodland, S10. Increase-
William Strain. Soldiers' Home. Los An
geles. $10: Alonzo Krom. Santa Monica.
$12: Henry MathewB. Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles, $8. Reissued — Frank P. Boynton,
Pasadena, $12. Original widows— Sarah J.
Barnett, Woodland, fS; Adelaide Mead,
San Francisco, %%
Washington— Additional— Albert H. Phil
lips New Whatcom, $12. Increase — Milo
D. Crawford. Kelso. JS. Reissue— Moses
Wilson. Wayside. $3. Original widow-
Mary A. Morris, Centralla. $S.
Funeral of Mrs. Morton.
Thp funeral of Mrs. Ellen Morton, wife
of ex-Supervisor Thomas Morton, took
place yesterday from Calvary Presby
terian Church, corner of Powell and
Geary streets. Tho edifice was crowded
with former friends of the deceased, who
had come to pay a last sad tribute to her
memory. Services were conducted by
Rev. Dr. Hemphill. who in conclusion
ppoke eloquently of the high character of
Mrs. Morton, whom he had known for
many years. The choir rendered several
elections of sacre<1 music. The remains
were interred at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Thomas Kyle. Thomas Bethel. F. G. B.
Mills, Robert Peoples. W. \V. Whan. John
Dunn. F. H. McConnell and William Mc-
Allister acted as pallbearers.
CONSTABLE AHKRN
STATES HIS SIDE
a Man Who Was Under
Arrest.
He Was Accused of Having Bobbed
Joseph Ahem, the Constable of Port
Costa, who was accused of arresting J. C.
Wells without cause and retaining part of
Wells' property, was in the city yester
day and told his side of the story. He de
clares that Wells was acting in a suspi
cious manner, and in company with three
other men was placed under arrest. When
asked to explain himself Wells, so the
Constable says, started to run away.
When told to give up his property he re
lated various stories of what he possessed
and finally gave the officer ?9S. Consta
ble Ahem has a series of affidavits to sup
port this; version of the arrest.
The next morning $90 was returned to
Wells, but the Constable had left $8, a
razor and a cheap watch at home. This
he offered to return to Wells that night,
but the arrested man said that the fol
lowing morning would be time enough.
He did not wait, however, so Ahern says,
and came to this city and made his com
plaint to the police. Ahern followed him
and delivered his money and other effects
to Captain Seymour.
Colonel Eddy, the well-known politician
and stump speaker, made the acquaint
ance of a woman in the saloon at the
corner of California and Kearny streets
last night, and now wants the detectives
to recover his jewelry and a considerable
amount of cash. The loquacious colonel
and his lady friend had several drinka in
the saloon and then he accepted an invita
tion to go to a lodging-house on Califor
nia street above Kearny.
On their arrival at the woman's room
they were joined by a male friend of the
woman. More liquor was procured. The
next thing the colonel knew was that he
had been robbed of $120 in cash, a diamond
etud and a gold watch and chain. The
politician reported the matter to the police
and detectives were detailed on the case.
No clew to the identity of the woman and
her pal has yet been discovered.
Well-Known Politician Is
Plied With Liquor and
Loses His Valuables.
WOMAN ROBS
COLONEL EDDY
ALAMEDA, Oct. 10,-Spirlted debate
marked the morning session of the Cen
tral Baptist Association at the First Bap
tist Church, the subject under discussion
being the amendment to be voted on at
the next election exempting church prop
erty from taxation. ' Rev. E. A. Woods
and Rev. George Hill were strongly In
favor of the amendment and as strongly
opposed to It were E. C. Lyon and Pro
fessor L. D. Inskeep. The vote of the as
sociation showed a sentiment In favor of
the amendment, it being 35 to 11.
Rev. Mr. NVoods stated that the amend
ment was only adopting the policy pur
sued by all other States of the Union to
exempt church property from taxation.
California was the only State that taxed
her churches. The proposed law exempts
the building used exclusively for religious
worship and the lot It stands on. He did not
consider that It was a step In the direc
tion of the union of church and state.
The churches furnished an equivalent for
taxation by advocating obedience of the
law and promoting good morals.
"The amendment is contrary to all Bap
tist usage." eald Professor Inskeep, in op
position. "It is against the policy of the
Baptist church to advocate a measure of
this kind. It will have a tendency to
unite church and state to which we are
all opposed. It will increase tWe burden
now borne by the taxpayers of the State,
already high enough. Somebody must pay
the taxes. There is a certain amount to
be raised to run the government and if
certain property is exempt from taxation
it will only tend to make It harder for
those who" have to foot the bills." •
The morning session of the association
opened with devotional services, led by
Rev. George Hill. Letters from thirty
two churches were read, in which the
progress made by each during the past
year was told in words and figures. Fol
lowing these were a half-hour devotional
and testimony meeting, led by Rev. J. M.
Helsley.
During the afternoon session the re
port of the committee on foreign missions
was received. There was a sermon by
Kev. E A. "Woods and short talks by wo
men engaged in missionary work. This
evening a devotional and praise service
was led by Rev. J. George Gibson and a
doctrinal sermon was delivered by Rev.
E. R. Bennett.
Baptist Association Splits
on the Proposed Amend
ments.
NOT A UNIT ON
TAX EXEMPTION
Loring Club Concert.
On Thursday evening, the ISth inst., the
I»rlng Club will sing in Native Sons' Hall
on Mason street, this being the first con
cert of their twenty-fourth season. A
very interesting- programme is announced
for this occasion. In addition to five com
positions entirely new to the repertoire
of the club there will be several numbers
which have not been heard in San Fran
cisco for many years, one of these being
the first chorus from Mendelssohn's
"Antigone," for a double choir of male
voices. Amcng the new compositions is
"Hail. Thou Vintage." for bass solo and
chorus. This is an excerpt from Lhidley
Uuck's symphonic poem, "The Golden
Legend."
Several of the popular soloists of the
rlub will appear, among them J. F. Veaco
H. E. Medley and I. E. Blake. The club
will in addition have the assistance of the
favorite contralto. Mrs. J. E. BermlnR
ham. Mr. Loring will direct this concert.
action till he hears from W. H. Barnes,
Chretien's attorney, who is at present in
Redwood.
FRESHMUf WIN THEIR
GAME FBOM BELMONT
Visiting Team Heceives Its First I>e-
feat on the Football Field
This Term.
BERKELEY. Oct. 10.— The Belmont
school eleven met its first defeat of the
season this afternoon at the hands of the
State University freshmen team. The
score was 10-0.
McCormick and Kaedlng each made a
touchdown, but In both instances there
was a failure In kicking the goal. /The
play was not particularly brilliant v on
either side. Throughout the game there
were many changes in the frtshma.i
line-up.
The teams were pitted against each
other as follows:
Freshman. Position. Belmnnt.
Duff Center Mlnturo
Harper R— Guard — L .Cartwrlght
Hendrlcka
or Garnett „ Li— Guard— R Stow©
Savage
or Kraft R— Tackle— L. Colburn
Stowe Lr-Tackle— It Kirkpatnclc
Wight
or Ilanna H — End — L> BrtKham
Williams
or Korbel L—End— It Sefton
Skinner
or Roland Quarter .....Glllls
Whlpple
orKaedins R— Half— L. Booth
Sherman
or McCormlck.... L-Half— R Peters
Fautz
or Ramsaur Fullback Lnnslng
PAINTER, HASSETT IS
KILLED BY A FALL
Drops.
The Gutter on Which the Hooks Are
Fastened Breaks and Scaffold
John Hassett, a painter. IS years old, re
siding with his brother and sister at 1301
Harrison street, was instantly killed yes
terday by the fall of a scaffold on the
house at 2S52 Folsom street, on which he.
Bernard Hakauson and O. II. Filbert
were working. Filbert was severely in
jured, suffering a fracture of both legs
and a broken arm and rib. He was taken
to the City and County Hospital. Has
sett's skull and neck were broken. Hak
auson escaped with a few bruises.
The three painters had fastened the
hooks supporting the scaffold into the
gutter of the house. Fifteen minutes
after they returned from lunch the gutter
gave way and the scaffold fell with the
men about twenty-five feet. It is not ex
pected that Filbert will recover.
ST. BRIGID'S FAIR
IS A BIG SUCCESS
Who Invest Largely in Articles
Offered for Sale.
Pavilion Tbrong-ed With Visitors
The fair in aid of St. Brigid's Church at
Mechanics' Pavilion still continues suc
cessful. There was a large crowd in at
tendance last night and many chances on
the numerous handsome articles offered
for sale were sold. The contest to decide
the most popular girl attending St. Brig
id's convent was exciting, with Miss Hat
tie O "Nell in the lead with 200 votes.
Oolden Gate Valley booth, in charge of
Mr? E. F. O'Connor, Mrs. A. J. Vander
White, Mrs. W. ONoil. Mrs. K. Gill and
their assistants, did a thriving business.
The Palestine booth, presided over by
Mrs. T. R. Turner. Mrs. M. Shea, Mrs. E.
Molloy. Mrs. Frazor. Miss Evans, Misses
Rattigan. Misses Colvin, Misses Molloy.
Miss Barber and Miss Delamore. disposed
of many tickets on its most beautiful
collection of paintings, cabinets, silver
s»-ts and lamps.
During the evening the orchestra ren
dered many fine selections. The sisters of
Notre Dame presented to the ladies of
Aihambra booth a beautiful surplice, to
he awarded to the most popular priest in
the <1irx-ese. the choice to be determined
by ballot. The latest addition to the post
graduate booth, the "art gallery." i s a
source of much amusement, giving the
many connossieurs visiting the booth a
chance to air their knowledge. The raid
on the refreshment table yesterday was
bo pr^at that the larties In charge were
compelled to turn away many prospective
patrons.
OAKLAND, Oct. 10.— A sensation
has been caused among the Ala
neda County politicians by the
report that Governor Gage has
in view the removal of David S. Hirsch
berg, Superintendent of the Preston
School of Industry at lone. Superintend
ent Hirschberg is an Alameda County
Democrat of much prominence, both po
litically and in business affairs. For many
years he was grand recorder of the An
cient Order of United "Workmen and in
that position attained a wide acquaintance
and popularity throughout the State.
Three years ago Governor Budd selected
him for the position as head of the lone
school for wayward boys, and his appoint
ment was made by the trustees in accord
ance with the Governor's wish.
That Superintendent Hirschberg"s posi
tion is threatened Is evidenced by recent
unexpected developments pointing toward
the fact that Governor Gage has decided
on his successor.
Within a short time there has been cir
culated in this city a petition to the Gov
ernor urging the appointment to the su
perlntendency of Rev. C. B. Riddick, pre
siding elder of the San Francisco district
of the Methodist church South, a resident
of Oakland and one of the most promi
nent of the older clergymen in California.
This petition was placed in circulation
without the knowledge of Dr. Riddick, and
it was signed by a large number of the
leading clergymen of Alameda County.
It also bears the approving signatures of
several active and prominent Republicans,
who are credited with having close rela
tions with Governor Gage.
The document is now In the hands of the
Governor. It is reported upon good au
thority that the chief executive asked for
the Indorsement of Dr. Riddick.
There is a peculiar coincidence In the
fact that Dr. Riddick's name has been so
prominently mentioned in this connection
and the further well known intimate per
sonal relations which for many years
have existed between Governor Gage and
the distinguished divine. For years they
were neighbors at Los Angeles, and dur
ing their Southern California intimacy be-
came very closely attached to each other.
As to the possibility of his being ap
pointed Superintendent of the lone school
Dr. Riddick is for the present, at least,
silent. He says he believes the rumors
sprang from a possibly overheard conver
sation he had a short time ago on a train
while traveling with the Governor.
Dr. Riddlek was last Monday reappolnt
ed presiding elder of the district of which
he has had charge for two years. He has
peculiar qualifications for executive work,
having had lonp experience, both In the
pulpit and In the school room. He is ac
counted of marked mental equipment, and
in his church occupies a strong position.
Whether Dr. Riddick will accept the
superintendency if a vacancy shall be cre
ated is a subject he will not discuss. Even
among his close associates in the church
who have been apprised of the situation,
the clergyman is dumb on that topic. It
excited much Interest during the recent
Pacific conference, which was concluded
here this week. Many delegates were
given to understand that Dr. Riddick
would shortly retire from his church field
of activity to take the position upon the
Governor's earnest solicitation.
INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL STRUCTURE AT IONE. AMADOR COUNTY. AND THE MAN WHO WILL PROBABLY SU
PERSEDE ITS PRESENT SUPERINTENDENT. IT IS SAID THAT GOVERNOR GAGE IS PREPARING TO
HAVE HIRSCHBERG OUSTED TO MAKE ROOM FOR THE OAKLAND DIVINE.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 10.
Mayor Snow has determined to prevent
a deScit in tne ciiy's funds this year, and
to relieve the administration which will
succeed this one next April from the em
barrassmenta of starting with an empty
t reasury.
A careful survey of the situation has
convinced city officials that the most
economical conduct in the matter of ex
penditures must be enforced to prevent
hnjLxida.1 distress, ilie income from tax
ation is tar from adequate to meet th>
carefully pruned maintenance budget. >r he
Finance Committee of. the City Council,
headed by Chairman Frank K. Mott,
hewed closely to the line ujm.ti theue esti
mates, omitting all items that could be
considered luxuries in the Fhape of park
and boulevard improvements.
Despite this attitude of tlie committee,
however, there was a determined effort
made by an opposition led by Councilman
Stetson and Rowe to increase the levy for
park purposes. This attempt was beaten
and the city is n>iu- upon the $1 bas's.
No additional taxation could have been
permitted for maintenance, and the park
fund could havo only added to the tax
rate without giving a dollar of revenue
more for the actual municipal operating
expenses.
Now that the situation Is clearly defined
the Mayor has commenced his preliminary
campaign to Maze the way out of the for
est of financial darkness. To the end that
proper information may be at the disposal
of ever}' department Mayor Snow has re
quested City Auditor Breed to furnish an
estimate of the probable tmal income of
the fire, street, park, police an«i salary
funds for the year and a statement show
ing the amount necessary for maintenance
only during the months of April. May and
June, lfldl. Thepe form the la.«t quarter
of thV fiscal rear, wrhen the new admin
istration to b^ elected in March will have
taken cortrnl.
Every Municipal Department to Be
Given Complete Information Con
cerning Condition of the
City Treasury.
Demands Closest Economy
in Expenditure of Pub
lic Funds. \
MAYOR TRIES TO
CHECK DEFICIT
It Is Said That the Oakland Preacher Has Been
Selected to Succeed David Hirschberg.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 10.
The fight between the Board of Super
visors and County Clerk Jordan as to
who should have the privilege of con
tracting for the regular election supplies
has resulted in a victory for the Supervis
ors. The board will provide for the print
ing of the indexes of the names of voters
and the sample ballots and purchase all
the supplies with which to conduct tho
polling of votes.
County Clerk Jordan made a hard fight
to secure the patronage, but to-day's ses
sion of the Board of Supervisors settled
his chances, for good. His duty will be
simply to see that the certificates of
registration on tile in his office are proper
ly bound. In this work he will take
material furnished by the Supervisors
and have the. binding done according to
the State election laws.
Before proceeding In the matter of elec
tion printing and supplies, the board
asked the artvk-e of District Attorney J.
J. Allen. The District Attorney stated
that in his opinion it was the duty of the
County ClerK simply to bind the regis
tration certificates. The State law, he
thought, did not contemplate any addi
tional expense other than the money ex
pended for necessary materials. All
printing necessary tor an election should
be contracted for by the Board of Super
visors.
Supervisor W. H. Church introduced a
resolution providing for the printing of
the certificate Indexes at the rate of fif
teen cents per name and description of
each voter. The resolution was passed
without a dissenting voice.
The contract for the printing was not
awarded but probably will be at a meet
ing to be held next Monday. The matter
of sample ballots and the regular sup
plies will probably be disposed cf at that
time also.
All Printing and Ma
terial.
by Determining to Contract for
Completely Shuts Out County Clerk
Board of Supervisors Will
Order All Election Sup
plies.
JORDAN LOSES
THE PATRONAGE
CAMPAIGN IS
GROWING LIVELY
The Republican Alliance Is
Preparing to Go to
Sacramento.
Young Men's Republican Club Will
Reorganize for Campaign — I-ocal
Clubs Holding Important
Meetings.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Oct. 10.
The Republican Alliance has very elab
orate plans for Its trip to Sacramento on
Saturday. ' Tho club expects to take It3 .
full marching force on a special train to
the capttal city. The train will leavo
Oakland about 4 o'clock and will get to
Sacramento about 7 o'clock. Supper will
be served and the club will then take part
In the Republican parade and mass-meet.
ing. after which a banquet will be ten
dered the visitors by the Republicans of
Sacramento. A special car will bring the
famous Oakland campaign club back on.
Sunday.
The details of the trip of the Republican
Alliance to San Jose and Los Angeles
have not yet been perfected, but the Al
liance will take a prominent part in tho
campaign In each of those cities. '
The \oung Men's Republican League is
preparing to take an active part In i.h»
campaign. The executive committee of
this organization has decided to call a
meeting for some evening this week wh».a
all of the> members will be asked to bo
present. The executive committee has ai
ready decided to reorganize in force and
It now wants the aupport of Its members.
It Is proposed to put a uniformed drt'.l
corps of sixty men In the field and E.
T. Joste has been appointed to perfect
the organization of that branch of the
club. The drill corps will attend all of
the meetings in AJameda County and also
the big meetings in San Jose and Stock
ton.
No Republican organization upon this
side of the bay is taking more Interest in
the local campaign than the Quarter Cen
tury Republican Club. This unique as
sociation of old-time Republicans has
opened headquarters on the north side of
Xlnth street, between Broadway and
Washington, and a meeting will be held
to-morrow (Thursday) evening, at which
the great Democratic issue of "imperial
ism" will be discussed. Fred M. Camp
bell of the Quarter Century Republican
Club has Issued a call for this meeting
wherein he especially Invites Democrat*
to attend and listen to an address upun
this Democratic campaign cry by an ora
tor whose name he keeps a secret.
The McKlnley Republican Club of Per
alta will hold a meeting at Manning
Brothers', at the corner of Fifty-ninth
and Canning streets, to-morrow evening.
Special speakers will address the club.
The Seventh Ward Republican Club ha3
made arrangements to keep open house
at its headquarters. 58S Ninth street,
every evening during the campaign.
The Democrats will hold a mass-meet
ing on Saturday evening at the Taber
nacle. Mayor Phelan will make an ad
dress to the Democrats of Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Oct. 10.
President J. H. T. Watkinson of the
Contra Costa Water Company was not In
contempt of court when he destroyed the
corporation's books of account. Thla was
the decision this morning of Judge E. C.
Hart on Robert Y. Hayne's motion to
have Watkinson declared a violator of the
orders of the court.
The court in making the ruling stated
the company could produce evidence as
to Its property notwithstanding the burn
ing of the books containing the records of
the company prior to May, 1399.
"The city of Oakland has not shown
that this plaintiff corporation destroyed
its books after being ordered to open
them for Inspection," said the court.
"The burden of proof was upon the city
to show that there was a refusal upon
the part of the company to allow the
booka to be seen, and this allegation has
not been proved.
"According to the testimony, when Ex
perts "Van Bokkelen and Crandall made a
demand on behalf of the city to see the
accounts Mr. "YVatkinson Informed them
that the books of record up to May, 1S99,
had been burned. It was also shown that
in the absence of the books the experts
were offered a map book showing the
property owned by the company. Mr.
Van Bokkelen testified that there was no
book from which more information could
have been obtained concerning the Prop
erty of the water company than from this
map book. .
"I do not think that It has been shown
that the destruction of the books took
place after "the company had been direct
ed to allow the city to see its books, and
furthermore, I am of the opinion that evi
dence as to the cost of the company s
property would be proper evidence In this
case anyway. I think that when a ques
tion like this is raised there should be a
clear showing that the records were de
stroyed for a fraudulent purpose, I do
not think such a showing has been made,
and there are therefore no grounds for
holding Mr. Watkinson for contempt.
"The plaintiff may be allowed to pro
duce testimony as to the property owned
by it." . ,
The rest of the day was consumed in
the examination of President Watkinson.
He was questioned exhaustively regard
ing the company's property, and at the
hour of adjournment this afternoon was
still on the stand. Several days may be
consumed in taking Mr. "VVatkinson'a tes
timony.
A number of deeds from various per
sons to the water' company were offered
in evidence for the corporation by Attor
ney McCutchen. The deeds covered the
transfers of pieces of land in different
parts of the county, and President Wat
kinson was asked to state for Just what
! purposes the property was used. The
witness explained the uses of the reser
voirs at San Leandro and Temescal and
the pipe lines leading from these great
storage places of water.
Considerable argument was occasioned
by the several attempts of the water
company's counsel to obtain from Wat
kinson his opinion as to the necessity of
portions of the corporation's plant. Mr.
Hayne objected to this course of ques
tioning on the ground that it had not been
shown that the witness was an expert.
In reply Mr. McCutchen claimed Mr.
Watkinson was qualified to testify as* an
expert, as he had served the water com
pany in almost every capacity from clerk
to general manager. If any one was fa
miliar with the needs of the water com
pany he thought the witness was.
"Why were the filters at San Leandro
built at the time the project to build the
East Oakland reservoir was abandoned?"
asked Mr. McCutchen.
"Because the company was forced to
put in the filters by the City Council,
which decided that the proposed settling
reservoir In East Oakland would be use
less." was the reply..
Watkinson explained the purposes of
the larjre tracts of land owned by the
company at Pleasanton. after which the
court adjourned until to-morrow morning
at 10 o'clock.
WATKINSON WAS
NOT IN CONTEMPT
Judge Hart Exonerates the
Water Company's
President.
of Account Were Destroyed Be
fore the Order of Court
Was Made.
Finds That the Corporation's Books
ELDER RIDDICK MAY TAKE
CHARGE OF IONE SCHOOL
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1900.
I WASHINGTON. Oct. 10.— The retirement from
active service of Lieutenant Colonel H. K.
Brinkerhoff of the Sixth United States Infar.
try was announced to-day. .
Agramonte to Face His Accuser.
Captain Seymour was notified yesterday
by Judge Cabanlss that General, C. H. M.
Agramonte's attorney had written him
a letter that the general had returned
from the City of Mexico to 1 answer the
charge of embexzlement brought against
him by John ¦ M. Chretien, the disgraced
attorney. Captain geypipur vr||l not take
Democrats of the Forty-Third.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Bryan
and Stevenson Club of the Forty-third
Assembly District was held last night in
California HaM." The meeting was ad
dressed by R. Porter Ashe, Congressional
candidate,, Eustace Culllnan, .candidate
for the Assembly from the district, and
R. P. Troy, representing the Btate Cen
tral Committee.
Thomas Nunan in Trouble.
Thomas Nunan, a driver for the rflber
nla Brewery, was arrested yesterday by
Revenue Officers Walker and Gllchrist for
taking a new revenue stamp off a keg of
beer that he was .delivering and substi
tuting therefor an old stamp taken from
an empty, keg. Nunan will appear before
United States Court Commissioner Hea
coek. this ¦ morning at. 10 o'clock for ex
amination. ... ... , . ¦;- . .
To Register Change of Residence.
This is the last day on which citizens
who'have changed their residences after
registering since January 1. 1900, may have
the change recorded in the registration
office. No one will be allowed to vote at
the Presidential election who has moved
nnd not ,had the change officially noted.
The office will be open until 10 p. m. to-day
to give all who have moved an oppor
tunity to have their new places of resi
<v-*nce entered on the resister. -; . * .
Local Democrats on the Stump.
A Democratic rally was held at Mission
Opera-house last nisht. The gratherirur
was presided over by J. F. Mullin, while
Larry Welch acted as secretary. William
I). Hynes, nominee for the Assembly from
the Thirty-fourth District, had the first
call. He wm followed by Stephen V. Cos
tello, nominee for the Superior bench,
Daniel O'Brien, nominee for Justice of tho
Peace, J. J. Barrett and Charles Swlegert.
The meeting: was well attended.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Blood. Poison
A Trial Treatment Sen: Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stiga •
of the Dlseisr.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs ana
All Other Treatments Pallid
to Even Help.
There haa l)««n discovered by th# State
Medical Institute. 203 Electron t>u!Mln«. Fort
Wayne. Ind., the most remarkable Blood .Poison
cur« ever heard of. It haa cured all iuc!> In-
dications as mucou» patchea In the mouth,
¦or* throat, copper colored spots, chancre-*.
ulcerattons on the body and In hundreds of
cases where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole «ltln was a mass of bolls,
pimples and ulcer* this wonderful specific has
completely changed the whole body Into a
clean perfect condition of physical health.
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne brings
scores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
ous cure and to enable those who cannot travel
to reallae what • truly marvelous work the in- J
stltute Is accomplishing they will send free to
every sufferer a free trial treatment so that
etery one can cure themselves in the privacy
of their own home. This la the only known
cure for Blood Poison. Do not hesitata to
writ* at once and the fre« trial will b* seat
sealed In plain packaga. • ¦ /
GRAPE-NUTS.
ATHLETE'S FAILURE.
Wafi'Not a Success Until He Was Put
on the Right Food.
Cecelius X. Hale of 1717 Barclay St..
Baltimore, Md.. now quite a famous
runner, has had some interestine expe-
rience in regard to proper feeding. His
testimony is worth the attention of any
athlete, or, in fact, of any person who
cares for good, sturdy, powerful health.
'Up to about 18 months aco I had
been in many athletic contests, without
much success. I about made uq my
mind it was time to fctop. but a physical
director of the Y. M. C. A. of this citv
advised me to use Grape-Nuts food and
Postum Cereal Coffee as principal fac-
tors in my diet.
"I accepted the advice and to-day am
in possession of periY-ct health, and 1
great many medals won in different ath-
letic events. I can now run a race and
finish in fine condition, whereas before I
started on the right diet I would find
myself in a faint at the end of a race.
"Formerly I. had more or less nervous
trouble and severe headaches. I am
glad to say since using: Grape-Nuts and
Postum Food Coffee I have fonjottefi
what a headache feels like. Mv heart is
in perfect condition, whereas while I was
using ordinary coffee it would not stand
the heavy strain. This statement is ab-
solutely true, and I do not object to
your publishing it. for it mav brine back
health ard strenjjth to some poo r beinqr
suffering: from ill health caused bv the
u<e of improper food."
There is a reason for this. In the first
place, ordinary coffee will show its «*f-
fects somewhere in the nervous system —
frequently in weakening of the heart or
in stomach troubles, which prevents one
from obtaining the strenpth and value of
food. It is therefore ncessarv to quit
the use of this drug and in its place use
Postum Cereal Food Coffee and Grape-
-vuts food.
They were both invented bv a forvj
expert and are made at the famous pure
food factories of the Postum Cereal Co .
Ltd.. at Rattle Creek. Mich. This food
and the food, drink are both m^de for a I
definite purpose, and there are thou-
sands of users throughout the world that
can testify, from practical experience.
that the theory is borne out by the facts.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1900.
10
«A.N FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nleht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-- 1 : Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until »:W P- m.
S0O Hayes street : open until 9:30 p. nv.
c;» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m .
615 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1*41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m..
_!6l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
108 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
IC96 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eeccnfl and Ken-
tncky Ktreef; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
THE STEAMER ZEALANDIA tF^f?^^
Leaves Padfic-st. wharf a tv »
TO-DAY (THURSDAY). OC- ">f_?\r
TOBER a. A^^N
At 12:15 d. m.. sharp. [// ft!
By order of the Vl //
POTENTATE.
FIDELITY _oc"ee No. 120, F. and A. M. •
-Special raeeung THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at S o'clock, for exemplifl- }Lj\
cation of the conferring at the first de- / ~r
rree before Grand Lodge. Masons cordially
Invited. Ey order of the W. M.
F. BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M^- •
Special meeting THIS CTHURSDAT) 14
EVENING at .:S0 o" clock. First de- Tt^\
tree. Masons are invited. By orfier ' V *
cf the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretory.
LA PARFAITE Union Lodse No. 17, F. •
and A M.— Called meeting: FRIDAY. »J%^
C»ctober 12, 1900, 8 p. rr.. First degree. JL2\
By order of the W. M. / ~^
P. ST. JULLIEN. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 67. I. O. jy M
O. F.— OrCcers ar.d members: You ore yF
rocuested to osson-.ble- in Dnc&mpment y\^
Hall at 1.15 TO-DAY (THI'RSDAY). • X!
to attend the funeral oi our lata Patriarch
JOSEPH W. ADAMS. P. C. P.
F. W. DEP.BY. C. P.
PACIFIC Lodsre No —.5, I. O. O.
F.— Initiation THIS (THURS- _2£J|35Se
DAT) "re^D. MACBETH.
Recording Secretary.
FRANK P. ASH~TORTH. N. Q.
FIDELITY LODGE NO. 222. I. O. e »'_*^_»^
O F. — Brothers are requested to 1
attend the funeral of our lat« " : ?25*?tec-
Broth*- JOE ADAMS. THTJRS- 'V/lllW-
DAY, 2 p. m., I. O. O. F. Hall.
WILLIAM B. CURTIS. N. O.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v XT N^
meets THIS <Tin:P.^DAT> EVES'- A Qaj
ING. Fraternity Hall. S2 O'Fan -ell "?£*£*
et.. at 8 o'clock. Ticket* for the "~*~»
annual Hallow'oen supper and ball, to be
held on the 27th in*t., will be distributed to
the — .embers in good standing.
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATER6ON. Recorder.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association
Funeral Notice— The detail, from John Mo- i
Ardle to Dennis 6ingri*'ton. inclusive, will »s- !
eemble at their hall TO-DAY (THURSDAY). 1
at 8:S0 o'clock a. rn., to attenS the funeral of
our late brother, PAT MCCARTHY. By order
A. CAMPBELL. President
F. E. DURHAM. Recording Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — Pursuant to
resolution of the board of directors, a meet-
ing cf the stockholder* of The Sime Company
will be held at the principal place of business
of cold company. \-«.. rooms 86-37 of the 8th
floor. M'.ll* bullfilng, San Francisco. Cal.. on
WEDNESDAY, the 21st day cf October. 1900.
at 1:80 o'clock p. m. The object of the meet-
ing le to diminish the capital stock to $2500.
or 12Vj cents per share, and to trsnsact such
other busineFF as may come before the meet-
Ing. ALBERT C. AIKEN. President.
Dated August IS. 1300.
ANNUAL MEETING — Regular annual meet-
Ing of etockholflers of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION CO. will b« held at the of-
fice of the company. No. 227 Market Ft., Pan
F— sntlsco, California, on WEDNESDAY,
the 34th day of October, :?P0. at 11 o'clock
a. 11 u. for the purpose cf electing a board
of directors to serve for ths ensuing year,
and the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
close on Saturday, October 13. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Do you want something more proflt- '¦
afcle and easier to sell than books or lneur- '
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
T<"> handle Robinson's Thermal Bath Cabinet
Pacific Agents Supply Co.. 1*61 Eighteenth st.
AGENTS cf ability and experience in life Insur-
ance. Call at room 101. S3" Market cor Sixth.
ASPHALTI.M UOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, side-— alks; cellar
flno— 1 laid, repaired: postal. 11S6 Mission st.
ASTROLOGY.
ERNEST S. GREEN positively proves the stars
rule your fate. 1&04 Market ft., second floor.
MME. HICKEY— AstroloBlst; horoscopes, 60c;
card reading and palmistry. C.'c. 1S33 Mission.
DR. C. T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer, com-
putes hnrfsco;«es by Ptolemy method. 765 Mkt
ATTORXEYS AT LvAW.
R. W^ KING, attorney at law. 927 Market St.."
room €27 — Enates, <ia— lagen. attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all capes; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE tree; <llvcrce law a specialty; private; 1
no fee without succees; collections. G. W. :
HOWE, atty at law, f58 Market, cor. Stockton.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. Sl« Montgomery.
ADVICE tree: no charpe -unless successful. W.
W. Davidson, 327 Market st., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldj\. 827 Mar- ¦
ket St.: cor.E-j Station tree: no f*es in advance.
I1A.TH CABINETS.
ROBINSON J5. 4-panel folding: door opens: firm >
and safe. W. S. BROWN. Ren. airt.. 428 Ellis.
BOARDUG FOR CHILDREN.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to board
in!— nts. £38 Jessie et.. ia rear.
WIDOW would like two children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 24S Shipley et.
GERMAN lafly wishes infant babies to board;
good reference*. 489 Minna st.
1 '
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A^SoTbaLOON; rent J_: l^Tbiocks from Call
bldg. • must be sold to-day. R. O. WDL.K.E.
26^ Ke— my t-
_ADY or gentleman with- buslneas ability to
buy Interest In medldaa business; experience
not necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. Kfo
Ke-my et.
ATTENTION". RESTAURANT S1_N!
A— $7000; cafe with long lease, close to Mar-
ket and Powell sis.; surrounded by theaters,
and dclng a rushing business ; customers and
prices first doss; private dlnlar rooms, with
ladies' entrances; sickness compels owner to
leave tne city. Particulars ft. O. WILKE
26 h Kearny st
A— PARTY wanted in manufacturing butir.ess;
patented article; to be used In every house-
hold: laree profits and immense sales In sight;
a rare buelnees proposition. Particulars R.
Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny «t
A— 14M; RESTATJTRANT and oyster house;
close to Hall of Justice; dally receipts $30;
owuei must sell or tek» good partner: causa
eicksesa. Bee R. O. WILKB, 2«H Kearny Bt.
A— $800; BUTCHER shop, with horse and caul.
In beet location of Western Addition; place
eetabllthed for years and doinr a nrst-class
tni'lnesa: a epfendid chance for any — h.ti,
Call R. O. WILKE, 26H K.earny st
A— <4W; BUTCHER thop on Valencia st;
monthly reoelpts about 11200: selling 4 cattle
per wnk; low rent: rood business. Call R
G. WIL_— :, 26H K.earny St.
A-1300; STATIONERY, notions and branch
bakery: '- 11 vine rooms; cheap rent and a
Bood-payingr business. Call R. O. WILKE.
Z&M Keamy «t- •
A— SltOO; SALOON established many years;
half a block north oX Mason and Market;
rent $"5: a nrst-class. paylnr place; partners
can't agree cause of sal*. Bee R. G. WILKE,
26H K.earny ct.
A— J1100; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location In the Mission; rent $35; 4 11 vine
rooms; place established years; owner, .a
widow wants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
26 1 *, Kearn y Bt.
A— $£»; DELICACIES, lunch; receipts $25; trlaL
$400— Corner ealocn; 8 fur. rooms; no rent
J700- Cor. cirar store; downtown: bargain.
jsc.0 — IS bouxeitpe. rms.: clearing (60; Turk «t.
jlOOO — Count—.- saloon: Al otter.
$8GO-Saloon : 5 fur. rms.; receipts $20; trial.
$1200— Day saloon, wholesale dlst., nr. Market.
540O«-City front saloon; 4 fur. rms.; r*c. $12.
Apply KELLY. 131 Montgomery et., room 1.
A GENERAL rnTChandlse store In prosperous
town across the bay; trading concern there:
must Bell at sacrifice. KELLY. 131 Montg'y.
A— SAY. KISHER A CO., have you lodping-
houi««? Yes. What price? *300 up, any loca-
tion desired; 12 rooms, $300; 10 rooms. $450; It,
rooms, new, $500, fine; 23 rooms, bargain, $750;
27 rooms. 12000. snap; all sizes, all prices, all
new barralne; call and see us. 1032 Market et.
$&00— RESTAURANT, delicacy and bakery: cen-
tral; doing fine business. BASILE, S Eddy.
J3W>— RESTAURANT; near Hall of Justice;
first-class place; mint be sold at once. Ap-
ply telephone Green 238, or box 4740, CalL .
BRANCH bakery for eaJe; candy, notion*, eta.
8ic4 M't"<«" et. near Thirtieth. ... . •
BUSINESS CHAJVCES— COXTIXPED^
A— PLUMBING business : receipts $350 per mo.;
big bargain; sickness. Cowing & Co.. 719 Mkt.
A— RESTAURANT In best part of city; must
be sold this day. COWING.. 719 Market st.
A— HOTEL: best location; money maker; call
at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market at.
A— CORNER saloon: good location; this is a
bargain. COWING - CO.. 719 Market st
A— ROOMING house; north Market: fine loca-
tion; clears ~5 month. COWING. 719 Market.
FRUIT and vegetable store, with horse and
wagon; centrally located; fine cash trade; re-
ceipts $350 monthly; other business reason for
selling: price $250. 4M Geary St.
HA1RDRESSING parlors: lease and fixtures for
sale; great bargain. Box 476L Call offlce.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop for sale cheap. Ad-
dress B. F. CHRISTIAN. Martinez. Col.
GOOD business chance: day saloon; rent cheap.
G. V. GRAMS. 200 Clay St.
FOR RENT— Fine coal yard cheap; central lo-
cation. Apply 2101 Central ave.. Alameda.
£000 FOR sale: wholesale coffee, tea and spice
business; large established trade; full inves-
tigation; principals only. Box 4768, Call.
WANTED— Buy. rent or will open country bar-
ber shop. M. J. SILVEIRA. 1000 Seventh St..
Oakland.
RESTAURANT and chop house; good location;
low rent. 627 Natoma st. bet. t and 10 a. m. ;
no agents.
FINELY equipped business college, located in
Stockton. CaL. for sale or rent Write to
C. E. DOAN. Stockton. Cal. ' :
A BARGAIN; corner grocery, with bar; cash
business; Mission district; no agents; terms
cash; Investigation Invited. Box 4193. Call.
$600— RESTAURANT doing good paying busi-
ness; estab. 14 rrs. Apply 460 Montgomery ave.
SALOON with fixture*: 6 living rooms; rent
cheap. Apply bet, t antt II. 721 Davis it
RESTAURANT, good business; surrounded by
factories; must sell: leaving city. 610 Seventh.
A 6NAP— Coffee and chop house: rheumatism
compels sale at once. 239 Eighth st.
FOR sale— A good corner grocery and bar; liv-
ing rooms. Inquire 1S63 Folsom st.
A FINE large store to let on O'Farrell st, near
Powell: suitable for any business; cheap rent.
Apply at 15 Grant ave.
FOR SALE— Klondike Oyster House; money-
maker; cause sickness. 126 Third St.
PARTNER with $4000 In fine merchant tailoring
business; no cutter needed. Box *29L CalL
lodging-houses for sale.
e^e^iy^smTth. s eddy st.
44 rooms, rent $125: good Investment
60 rooms south of Market; a mint.
15 rooms on G. G ave., good, price $575.
9 rooms on Jones Et, only $250.
$3800 will buy the best downtown 65-room
house In the city. Don't fall to see us. Phone
Mint 1016.
1 LODGING-HOUSES! LODGING-HOUSES'.
1 Hundreds for sale from $150 to $10,000; some
big money makers; In oil locations; Inspect
our lists for honeet bargains; the best are for
rale only at our office; cash or easy pay-
ments. HAYES & WILSON. 83S Market st
(The Elite).
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices; genuine bargains: sizes and
location to euit; money loaned. 8CHWEIN-
HARD & CO., S17 Market st, bet Fifth and
Sixth; phone 1S1L
i A— 22-ROOM rooming-house; central $1000
20-room house; first-class 1050
11- room house. $475: 6-room flat 325
FISHER _ CO.. 1032 Market st
MARION GRIFFIN
719 Market st. room 1; tel. Black 1S03; see my
list of 218 lodging-houses at my offlce.
FOR sole— A 10-rt >om lodg-insr-hous© for $12i.
1251^4 Mission St.. corner Ninth. »
NICELY furnished 15-room house: cheap rent;
easy terms or cheap for cash. 742 O'Farrell.
1123 BUTE lod ring-house. 10 rooms, all rented;
rent $12 SO. Including water. 103 Seccnd st
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR exchange — Large furniture wagon for
smaller one; also fine mare. 1400 pounds, 7
years old, for sale. Apply A. TIDELL, north-
e_»t corner California and Polk.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN — SON. 2117 Mission St.
SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st
TWO horses. 2«iv> lb«.. harness, wagon, oow. Ad-
dress E. P. ERICKSON, 1002 32d St., E. O— 14,
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & Sd-hand wagons, buggies, carts _ har-
nege, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
~~~ SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; cirs.Sun.,Wed.,Fri.
ev's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
613 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
REMOVED— Mme. Young's convincing test clr-
cle to-night at Occidental Hall, 305 Larkin
t; liOc; sittings dolly at 605 McAllister st
SPIRITUAL meeting to-nirht, 8 p. m. ; con-
vincing test 1238 Howard; Mrs. Maxwell;
readings dally.
ZEMDAR. young, gifted dalr.. card reader;
names given; 10 to 9. 1654 Market, nr. Polk.
MATCHETT— Circle 8 p. m., 10c; test to all;
sittings dally; L., SOc; G.. $1. 132 Fourth st.
MRS. LESTER— Circles Eun.. Tues.. Frl. eve.,
10c: readings dally. 200 Turk St.. room 4.
MMB. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
bealer and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room L
SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, removed
to 1610 California at. :
MISS SOPHIA SEIP— Sun. at 8 and dally read-
Ings, eth _ Mkt sts., Oakland. People's Hall.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, slt.dally; convinc'g tests to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
ness medium, life reader: sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wond-rful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil _ second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles
SOc. gent $1: palm & clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, opp.
£th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently: advice
riven In all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
MRS. E. BANDERS, 514 Taylor St.. near Geary
—Clairvoyant palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m.; Frl. 8; dr. 25c.
JUST returned, MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoy-
ant, card reader; mental questions answered;
ladle*. 25c; gents, COc. 34 Sixth st, room 6. $
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Bpani3h
j fortune teller, fives best advioe In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St.. near Larkin. - :¦-¦:--
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
CLAIRVOTANT, trance, business medium, card
reader. 25c up. 823 Mission St., nr. 4th; no sign.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 425 Golden Gate ave.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst, palm-
ist and cord reading. 25c. 1241H Market et.
MME. WORELL, late from Washington ; trance
medium; private sittings, $1. 821 Mission et.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the rreat palm-
1st and card reader: 2Sc. 7 Seventh; no sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past.
present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
elttlr.8 dally. 212% Sixth st
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
¦ dvlce; mmw glvyn: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
carpet~iFeating and cleaning.
STANDARD, 218 and *15 Guen— ro St.— Curtains
Snd blankets.re novated, 25c per pair: carpets
cleaned, 3c per yard; laying a specialty. Phone
Mission ICt. 1
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lr.g Work?. S53-I57 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
CARPBTB cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
BTRATTOX'S. 3 Eighth st; teL Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHKLL. Carpet-Beatln* and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ;' tel. Mission 74.
CITY eteam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 gth st ; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
teL Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONXLIN-S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate avenue; telephone East 126. .
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless ;consult'n free. Dr. Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 827 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 6 rms. bath _ gas; ywd^ana'base-
•xnent HI* Vallejo, nr Leavenworth; rent $15.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
BIGHT prizes fos best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
.work; teeth without a plate; fillings. 60c;
'crowns, $3 60; plates, full set, $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market St., bet Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns, $3 50;
bridge work, $5; all the latest methods for
painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 12C6 Market, oor. G. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old dates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, SOc; gas given.
DR. WALSH, 815?i Goary, nr. Larkin— Painless
extraction 6O0; plates $5 up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices in 8. F. ; painless extraction,
EOc. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, oor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
flays. 1001 Market at. corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG
1S41 Polk at. '
DOG HOSPITALS. ~
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely'B C. P. mange cure and worm pills,
by druggists or at hospltal.eiOGoldenGate av.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, overO'Connor— MofCatt
McDowell Dressmaking and' Millinery School;
private doss; patterns cut. 1019 Market at.
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
Ilnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st; day
and evening; Individual instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarsnlp, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; Just added 25 new
typewriters: commercial department enlarged
and Is the best In S. F.; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.,.
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 805 Larkin
St., cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a' week. $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M.VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; I
mos. In college not equal to 8 wks. with me,
¦$25. TARR, expert accnt, 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, beet system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. _36 Market st
ENGINEERING.clvll, alec, mining, mech, sur-
vey, asuay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; estl864.
VAN PAR NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market
SPANISH, French. German, singing, piano. $2
mo.; hours, 2-4, 6-8. 1235 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' 8 DAY » and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
FREXCH.Spanlsh, etc. Prof. DeFUlppe'sAcademy
of LangAiageR.S20Post; establd 1871;ablest profs
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkin st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; t5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; Telephone Bush 135.
B'RED WAMATS. Japanese. Chinese contractor;
emp. offlce. 544 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main E1SS.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Walters, cooks.
dishwashers; est. 1890. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 647.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nefe help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel.Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. Tel. John 212L 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4im O'Farrell St.; tel. E«Bt 428.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
LADY, German teacher, Just from Europe, 6
years' experience In high private school,
wants to Instruct pupils at home or to give
private lessons in all German branches,
French. English, needlework and gymnastics.
Box 4772, Call offlce.
A FRENCH lady speaking English having few
spore hours dolly, Sunday Included, would
like to give French lessons In reading- and
conversations. Call or address Teacher, Gall-
hard Hotel. 607 Pine st.
HEALTHY woman would like a situation as
wetnurse :' baby 2 months old. Call between
9 and 12 a. in. at ! Tremont ave., between
Ashbury and Clayton sts.
YOUNG lady, experienced In lip reading, wishes
a few deaf pupils; deaf tauirht to converse
without the tube. Call or address 1610 Soott.
AN American woman wishes a situation to
do general housework of any kind, and will
do a little washing; wages $1 and carfare.
78 Third St.. room 10.
AN experienced woman would like a place in
lunch or boarding house over lunch hours to
wait or assist In kitchen. Call or address 264
First St.. upstairs.
GIRL 'from the East desires a position as sec-
ond girl or general housework in small fam-
ily; best of reference. 1 Apply 28A Silver et.
COMPETENT cook wants a position to cook,
wash and Iron or general housework In a
small family. 767 Harrison st .
GERMAN lady, competent cook, wants steady
place in American family; $30; beat of ref-
erences. Box 4768, Call offlce.
COMPETENT younsr woman wishes work by
the day to do cooking or general housework.
Call 8675 Nineteenth st.
COMPETENT person, wants a place as cook;
willing; to assist; wagres $25. Apply 608 Frank-
lin Ft, corner McAllister.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to do general house-
work. Call at 6U Bryant st.
WOMAN . ¦wants housework by the ¦week or
month; sleep borne. Box 4769, Call office
WOMAN would like work of any kind by the
day. 225 Eleventh St., near Howard.
WANTED by Eastern woman, position as work-
ing housekeeper; city or country; good home
more of an object than wages. Call or ad-
dress all week 514 Pine st. room 7. .
YOUNG woman wants general .housework and
cooking. Apply 1407 Scott et.
LADY wishes care of one or two children. Ad-
dress box 4705. Call office.
YOUNG woman desires a position as working
housekeeper; city or country. Box 4723, Coll.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 60 to |4
week; convenient and. respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. -
- EMPLO_YMEX1' ; WANTED— MALE.
A SWEDISH man and wife wish situations:
woman le a good cook. MRS. NORTON. 313
gutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED man. strictly trustworthy,
good references, desires position as . watch-
man or Janitor: 20 years a resident of < this
city. Address E. S., SS92 Army st
COOK wants a situation In hotel, restaurant or
boarding-house; city or country. Please call
3 Stevenson St. %
SITUATION wanted— Steady position by • good
salesman; domestics and draperies; satisfac-
tory references. Box 4771, Call offlce.
COOK wants work: a good.' careful ¦ cook; or
would go as second . cook. T. SMITH, 318
Minna at. ; .-. ' '.
YOUNG boy wishes position In candy place:
experienced. 124 Ninth st .....,._.-
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG man wants Job connecting and repair-
ing ranges and repairing furnaces; years of
experience. Box 4734. Call.
WANTED— To run a poultry ranch. Incubators
and brooders. Address Experience, box 4774,
Call offlce. .
SINGLE man, sober and Industrious, with good
knowledge of stock raising and general farm-
Ing, also the care of deciduous and citrus fruit
trees, wants to take charge of grazing or
email fruit ranch; good references. Address
L. a. 415 Powell st.
WANTED— Position as foreman or superintend-
ent on structural iron and steel work; expe-
rienced In offlce, shop and field. Address B.,
608 Eighteenth at, Oakland. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; gooa
hom» the object. H. W., 246 Third st.
RELIABLE man. E4 years, wishes to attend*to
invalid gentleman or any light work; wages
no object; best references. Address SI Na-
toma St., room 21. ,
WELL qualified business man wants situation
as a boss of the concern; no references given.
Address box 4727. Call offlce.
COACHMAN wants employment; good refer-
ences; thoroughly competent Address box
3795. Call office.
AN honest Japanese boy wishes situation as
schoolboy. 230 Ellis st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St. - -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
JUFted. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
INVEST your money In manufacturing; safe,
profitable; $200 lowest amount accepted; com-
pany organizing; 6 % guarantd. Box 2250, Call.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale tall or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS AND HOUSES TO RENT.
9 r. t.. 1198 Ellis. ...$60 5 r . (., 1711 Mason. .$15
9 r. f., 1515 Hyde.... 47 4 r. f.. 804 Buchanan 8
7 r. f., 219 Polk 27 5 r. c. 631 Jersey.... 11
6 r.f., 641 Fulton.... 20 4 r. f.. 919 Vallejo.. 10
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mkt-
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NEW flat, tinted, 7 rooms, with running
water. 430 Eddy st.
$18— FLAT, 4 rooms and bath; north of Market;
healthy place; no children. BASILP. 3 Eddy.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished liToak for $43 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
PUHXITURB WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk t34;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP ». ANTED— FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN _ CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
i waitresses, Fresno. $20; 2 waitresses, Ba-
kersfleld, $20; waitress. Woodland, $20; wait-
ress, Uklah, $20; waitress, Stockton, $20;
waitress, Sacramento, $20; 2 restaurant walt-
reeses, $6 and $7; 2 chambermaids to wait,
$20; woman cook. $30, and many others
Chocolate dipper for country store
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl, Antloch, see party here at 11 a.
m.: housegirl, colored, city, $20; housegirl.
Redwood City, $20; German housekeeper, San
Leandro, faro paid; working housekeeper, $30;
cook, small family, Menlo Park, $30; second
girl Berkeley, $20; 100 housegirls, second
girls, nurseglrls. C. R. HANS_N & CO.. 104
Geary st.
A— WANTED
Plain lroner for State Institution near city,
$30 and found. W. D. EWER _ CO.. 610
Clay »t.
LAUNDRESS, Institution. $25; Infant's nurse,
$30; waitress. $20; cook. $30. MRS. NORTON,
813 Sutter st ¦ ;
EXPERIENCED operators wanted on shirts;
a few beginners taught Apply THE L. EL-
KU8 CO., 29 and SI Battery st
WANTED— Immediately, women and girls to
work on tomatoes. Apply U. S. Fruit Pock-
ing .Co., Harrison ave., off Folsom St., be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED— Young girl as apprentice for gen-
eral offlce work; proper party will receive a
thorough business education. Address In writ-
Ing C. F. L., 218 California St.. room 7.
EXPERIENCED foreledy In overall and shirt
factory; only one having filled such position
need apply between 10 and 11 a. m. 208 Sac-
ramentost
GERMAN, Scandinavian or Swedish girl for
general housework and cooking; no washing;
130. 211 Scott st.
BRIGHT girl; must thoroughly understand
work on sewing machine. Address box 47S5,
Call offlce.
FOR Berkeley— Steady, neat woman for "light
hbusework and cooking; washing put out. Ap-
ply bet. 2 and 3:30 p. m, at 806 Leaven worth.
EXPERIENCED lady advertising solicitor of
good appearance and address; good pay. Box
4768. Coll office.
GOOD trimmer wanted for the country. Apply
to HINZ & LANDT, wholesale millinery,
843 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles' waists, skirts,
etc.; take work home. H. FRIEDLANDER,
388 Fell st.
YOUNG girl for general housework in small
family; good home; moderate wages. *711
Clay at. . -¦
A LADY of Indomitable energy possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right party.
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building. *
WANTED — Good finisher on custom pants. 622
Clay st. room 18A.
YOUNG firl to assist light housswork In cot-
tage. Call 2612 Bush st
A COLORED girl to take care of baby: eleep
home; wages $12. Address 819 Post St.
GIRL, light housework, family of 8; wages $.12
to $15. 1514 Vallejo Bt.
YOUNG rirl to assist In houseworTt; wages $10
to J12. 1763 Post st.
DANCING girls wanted. Comstock Dance Hall,
C18 Pacific st; open 7:30 to 12 p. m.
WANTED — Girl for housework in small family.
321A Fremont St.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 1404 Mc-
Alllster st. ;
GIRLS to fold paper boxes. 16 Fremont st.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; paid while
learning. Room 49. 121 Post st.
APPRENTICE, girl wanted on custom coats;
paid while learning. 8 Pine place, near Mason.
WANTED— Cathollo girl for housework; family
of 4: no children. Box 4735, Call.
WANTED — Girl for general housework. Apply
828 O'Farrell st. .
GIRL, German, fof general housework; must
sleep home. 1053 Market st.. upstairs.
WAITRESS. New York Restaurant, 2S3 Sixth
street.
TAILORESS wanted; a girl to work on vests.
517 Jessie st, between Sixth and Seventh.
WANTED — Lunch waitress at Hayes-st.
Creamery. 412 Hayes St.
WANTED— A girl to assist in light housework;
sleeD home. 403 Octavia Bt.
COOK and downstairs grirl; liberal wages. 1706
Broadway, near Franklin Bt. ..
SMAR*feglrl, willing to learn to be a medium;
willliflpto travel with a professional man.
Box 4706.. Call office. • -. ' ¦
WANTED — By a wholesale house, a middle-
aged, resnonslbli? woman to travel; permanent
position for right party. Box 4731, Call offlce.
WANTED — Smart : girl to work In laundry;
wages $4 per week. Standard Laundry, 114
Hayes . st -
GIRL to do chamber work; wages $10. 143
East st.
COLORED lady for reception room: one or two
evenings a week, j Address box 4730, Call.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at the Chutes at 6 p. m. , -,,¦.•-.'.¦¦.¦¦*-•:
WANTED — Experienced saleslady: ladles' and
children's wear-. Box 4757, Call offlce.
WANTED— A waitress at 113 Turk st
GIRL wanted for general housework, 3 in f&m-
lly; wages $20. 2613 Union st .
EXPERIENCED operators on underskirts:
, steam power; good pay. A. Aaron, 579 Mission.
HELP WASTED—FEMALE.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss. & Co.'s factory.
82% Fremont St.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
60 OPERATORS on ladies' silk and flannel
waists. S. F. Mfg. Co.. 409A Turk St. ,
PANTS finishers wanted; steady work. 225
Fifth st. -
FINISHERS on custom coats; steady work. 304
Tehama st J_ »
WANTED— Young German girl for general
housework: small family; $20. 836^ Harrison.
GIRL wanted to assist in general housework.
731 Green at, near Mason.
OPERATORS on custom vests; good pay;
steady work. E41 Market st *>
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom St., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at 109o
Valencia st. '_
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^MicjRlaAT&^EAljYTr^pTlONE" MAIN BS48
..Leading Emplbyment and Labor Agents..
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE WE SHIP EVERYBODY FREE
...To all parts of California, Utah, Nevada...
NUMBER. WANTED AT. WAGES.
154— Nevada, Truckee, Lake View... $41 and fd
16— Los Angeles. Santa Barbara $2 day
24— Redding. Shasta. Fresno fl 90 day
UK— Surf, Soda Springs. Salt Lake $2 day
64— Dixon. Elmlra and Bakersneld...*l 70 day
HZ— For nineteen different divisions $2 day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE ONLY SI
MURRAY & READY.
y""-: - 634-636 Clay st.
A— 4 CARPENTERS, near city. $3 day, see
boss here •"
LUMBER PILERS..FARE PAID
10 men to pile lumber, no experience neces-
Bary, large mill and lumber company, $35 and
found, see boss here.... v . Fare paid
10 men or strong boys to work in beans
$1 to $1 SO day and tpund
6 teamsters, same bean ranch.. $1 50 day _ fd
Head dairyman $40 and fuund
8 laborers, no experience, Alameda County....
; J27 60 to $34 and found
Carpenters Railroad work. Free fare
Steel bridge men Free fare
10 lumber pliers, north $60
150 teamsters and laborers, city and country..
$1 75 to $2 25 day
10 scraper teamsters $40 and found
43 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
<t ... $26 and $30 and found
15 milkers, choremen. etc $25 to $35 and fd
Farmers and wives...: Vegetable gardeners
14 ranch teamsters $26 to $35 and found
25 drillers Wheelers Brick setters
Stablemen, hostlers and buggy washers
FRUIT PICKERS 100
men and boys to pick fruit and grapes, work
In packing-houses, etc $30 and found
Coachman, see boss here
Man and wife, private family
Stenographer and typewriter, country.........
Laborers, city factory 1* 1 60 aa -y
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A— SEE BOSS HERB 'i'V"i
Cook for hospital $40 and found
Second and third cooks, mine boarding-house,
$40 and $35 and found; on above positions see
boss at our offlce to-day
MURRAY - READY,' 634-626 Clay 6t
A— COOKS city and country hotels, restau-
rants, boarding-houses etc.. $40 to $50 and fd
Polishers, washers and starchers..$30, $35, fd
Baker country shop, second hand and boy
for bake shop; nurse. $35 •
Butchers Night steward
Walters, dishwashers, etc.; ranch cooks......
MURRAY &¦ READY. 634-636 Clay st
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
RAILROAD WORK
Sandstone cutters w oO a day
Teamsters, State of Nevada. $2 00 a day
Laborers, Surf, Santa Barbara Co..$l 75 a day
Offlce fee $1 Ship daily Free fare
- Engineer for institution. $65 and found;
engineer, short Job; general blacksmith, $40;
carpenters. $3 a day; 4 hostlers, $30 to $4o;
butter maker, $30.
20 swampers for the woods, $35 and found,
half -fare advanced; 10 mtn to build dam,
$2 EO a day, half fare advanced.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Two hotel managers; first-class hotel stew-
ard; first-class hotel head waiter; second cook,
broiler and third cook, country hotel, $50 each;
dlshwaehers, kitchen hands and others. C.
R. HANSEN - CO.. 104 Geary st
A — NURSE who can give massage for an In-
stitution, $40 and found; shampooer, Turkish
baths, north, $40; ehampooer, Turkish baths,
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt
WANTED to-day— 15 tunnelmen. $2 a day. for
the big tunnel, Chatwlck Park. Los Angeles
County; free fare; ship to-morrow. ' C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary it ,
MASON foreman, $4 60 a day; 2 stone masons
for culvert work. Los Angeles County: rail-
road work; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st
COOK for country hotel, $6J. $35, $30; baker
for country hotel. $45. fare paid; waiters, $25;
dishwasher. $25. country; licht porter work,
country. $20; cooks, city, J40. $35, $30 month,
$10, $8 week; vegetableman, $25; dishwashers,
porters and other restaurant and kitchen help
wanted. J. F. CROSETT .& CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
ERRAND boys, $3 a week; coachman, $30 and
found; man about place, $25 to $30; driver
for milk wagon, $30 and found: 2 stablemen,
$30 and found; farmer and wife. $35; black-
smith for Honolulu. $i a day; carriage
painter for Honolulu, ?3 a day; boys for
store, $4 60 a week; stlckerman, $3 60 a dayt
rnateherman. $3 a day, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st
"WANTED— Errand boy for this offica. J. B\
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. ¦.
A MAN to buy out a route; good paying busi-
ness^
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
10 CARPENTERS, foreman for planing mill.
20 cabinet-makers. 20 bench hands, 3 stickers.
1 shaper 1 wood turner, 3 sash and door men
at Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny
st; no offlce fees.
YOUNG man with 1100 te travel with reliable
theatrical combination; good wages; leave
Friday morning. Apply to-day bet. 10 and 1
o'clock. H. M. H. CONRADI. Olympla The-
ater, cor. Eddy and Mason sta.
SMART boy about 16 years old, handy with
tools; must come well recommended and live
with parents: steady position to right boy.
Address box 4795, Call offlce.
WANTED— By a flrst-class barber, & boy of
15 to learn barber trade; splendid chance to
ritht party. Address for one week, M.
BYRNSE, 186 Julian ave., city.
FIRST-CLASS repairing jeweler; good wages
and permanent position to steady man; state
. capabilities and references. Address box 477b,
Call offlce. ¦ .
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailors on talloa... made
suits; come ready- to work; good wages. 462ft
Thirteenth st. Oakland.
WANTED— Steady man; light, genteel work:
will pay $15 to $18 per week; small capital re-
quired. 1016 Market St., room 10. j \
GOOD outside hustler; experienced in offlce and
tynewrltinc. Call between 8 and 9:30 a. m.,
PERNAU BROS.. S43 Clay St.
EXPERIENCED cutter for overalls and shirts;
only experienced need apply; call between 10
and 11 a. m. 308 Sacramento st.
BOY to help'on milk wagon, about 17 years old,
S15 and found. 428 Connecticut st. ; Elghth-
st. cars.
WANTED— 2 sticker hands; 4 bench hands; 1
flrst-class sash and door man: 2 cabinet
makers. W. J. LITTLE CO.. E60 Brannon St.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push;- good • opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
COATMAKER. for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— Cook. Eastlak© Hotel, corner Bay
and Webster sts. '
BOYS wanted. 18 ¦ to 18 years. Pacific Sheet
Metal Works, Seventh and Townsend sts.
WANTED— Good, reliable Jap for Janitor work ;
salary $30 per month. Address box 4770, Call.
BARBER wanted: best wages. 1209 Point Lo-
bos ave.; Geary-st. cars.
WANTED-Cook. Montgomery^ Hotel, 227
Second st. /
DISHWASHER wanted. . 2723 Sutter at.
BLACKSMITH, wcrk on dredger, bay, perm,
right man, $40 & fd. 1308 Call big, 10 a. m.
GROCERY clerk, experience not necessary; be-
tween 18 and '25. 200 Francisco, cor. Dupont.
THREE laborers, pick and shovel, 14th ave.
and.N st., south; take Kentucky-st cars.
WANTED — St«>ady waiter at once. Troy Hotel,
606 Twentieth St. ¦
EXPERIENCED lunch cook wanted. 90 Third
street.
WANTED— 4 Rood teamstera: steady job. Ap-
ply to J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont
WAITER wanted: carry tray and do porter
work. 37 Eddy Bt.
BLACKSMITH'S helper. Apply 1522 San Bruno
Road, , near Army st.\
FIRST-CLASS barber for country; wages $18
Apply immediately H. BERNARD, 104 7th st.
ALL alzeB men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price: 562 Mission- stv bet 1st and 2d : sts.
BARBER shop for sale; no Sunday work: closes
at 8 p. m. - Corner Front and - Clay • eta.
HELP "WANTED— MALE.
A-WANTED ..:
. For Honolulu, see boss at our offlce: black-
smith. $4 a day; carriage pointer. 93 a day.
W. P.. EWER — CO.. 610 Clay.at.-
A-WANTED •••
4 Italians for winery. J28 to $30 and found;
foreman; cellarman.. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st. •¦
A— WANTED .-
Road teamster, $30 and found; foreman: cel-
larman; 2 carmen for mine. $2 a day: man to
frame timbers for mine, $2 a day; cook,
boarding house near city. $40; waiter for fac-
tory boarding house, $25: milker, steady
place, $30, fare, 50c: 10 Italian pruners; 10
woodchoppers. everything advanced. W. L>.
EWER _ CO.. 610 Clay St.
A— WANTED ••••
Shoemaker for country store, one who has
his own tools. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st. "
MEN wanted for the United States Navy-
Machinists, first-class, age a to 33. pay per
month. $35; machinists, second class, age -1
to S5, pay per month. $40; electricians, third
class, age 21 to 35. pay per month. $30: ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35. pay per
month, J2S; seamen, age 21 to 35. pay per
k month, $24; ordinary seamen, age 18 to 30,
t pay per month $19; landsmen, age 18 to 25,
k pay per month $18; apprentices, third class.
I 1 ' age 15 to 17. pay per month $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dls-
aualifylng ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to b« ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination in electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
aoDrentlces will be required to pass the
nhysit.il examination only. The term of en-
listment Is for four years. Should a man
re-enlist within a period- of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each
re-enlistment Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratii In addition to
pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
'years' service on three-quarters of *he pay
received at date of retirement It Is the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
large number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
qualified for the higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for the
navy will make a large Increase In the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large Increase In the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ac-
cepted will be assigned to a U. 8. war ves-
sel: apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion. San Francisco. Cal. Applications should
be made at the U. 8. Naval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets.
Ban Francisco. Cal.
MECHANICS— All non-union mechanics, tuch
as carpenters, painters, plumbers and other
craftsmen wanting work at their -trades are
requested to register at the Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny st, room 9; no
charges or office fee*.
WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit
in city and county: experience not necessary;
we teach you the business; good contracts for
sober men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co.. 800 Post St.. cor. Stockton.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co.. that old
and reliable firm, 806 Market st. room 4i)
Phelan building. Pension Touchers executed,
25 cJnts. Advice free.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required: positions guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 larg«
rooms; 2Sc per night: » to t2 per week. .
WANTED— First-class solicitor for theater cur-
tain Wednesday and Thursday, bet 9 and 10,
room 6. 402 Kearny st ,, /
WANTED— A first-class furnishing goods sales-
man; one who can trim cases; steady place.
Address box 4756. Call offlce.
"WANTED— Four rubble stone masons at First
and E i"ts.. Ban Rafael. Marin County. B.
SCHWIESAU.
BARBERS — 4-chair 16c shop for sale; best loca-
tion in city and best bargain ever offered.
DECKELMANN. 106 Ellis Bt.
WANTED— Barber to buy shop; running 2
chairs; 3 living rooms; cheap rent 2144 Mls-
slon st.
BARBER, 2-chalr shop, no opposition: four
living rooms; large yard; cheapest rent In
town. Price $125. Address Box 4715. Call.
TALEXTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
BARBERS— 3-chair shop for sale. 14 Turk st;
on account of going East
WANTED— Man that understands nursery work
and jobbing irardenlng. Call COO Halffht st.
WANTED— 10O men to taie rooms. 10c, 13o and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED men to handle the sole of
stock: steady employment. Box 2270. Call.
STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to 636 Market st, upstairs.
UNDERPRESSERS wanted on coats, pants
and vests. S41 Market st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. rS Steuart.
BOY who understands stenography and offlce
work: give age, wages desired. Eox 4731. Call.
YOUTH to attend store and go on errands;
well recommended. 635 •Valencia St.
BARBER shop In mining town: a bargain. In-
qulre at DECKELMAN'3. 106 Ellis st
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25o
to SOc. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d lU.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741A Howard st
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 18
years* practice: Examiner building.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 827 Four-
teenth st. near Guerrero.
LIXDELL Hause. corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms. 15c to 25c night: 78c to » p«r week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-room; frea
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st:
HEMORRHOIDS.
. 1
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pain: par-
tlcula— i sent. Ad. Phvslclnn. box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— 20 horses weighing- from 1100 to 1S00
pounds; also a mountain wagon for campers.
T. W. EMMONS CO.. 213 California st.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S Stables, 67 Minna st, be-
tween First and Second.
FRESH co- for sale. ET B-rnol ave.
SUITS to order In exchange for horses, buggies;
anything of value. ' SKIFF, 336V_ Bush st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 91 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. TJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FUR.VISHED.
A— FURNISHED house of 7 rooms for sale;
rent of house very cheap; rooms all full.
Apply 1315 Stockton st.
FURNISHED house to lease for S years: $130
per month: modern. Box 4713. Call offlce.
_•_ LOST AND KOTJXD.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and ' Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of ALDA I. MEDHTJRST. No. 213-121.
Tho finder will please return to bank. Octo-
ber 10. . 1900.
LOST— Black water spaniel with collar and li-
cense No. 465. Finder please return to 226
Fourteenth st. and receive reward.
SATURDAY, fox terrier, white, with brown
spots; female. 2727 Pine at; liberal reward.
LOST— Fox terrier, white, with large black
spots; name Frisk. Reward 35 Kearny st.
LOST— Sunday, on Twenty-third or Eureka
st. feather boa; reward. S4S Eureka at
LOST— Gentleman's watch charm. - Knights
Templar jewel. Finder please return to J
H. BRUCE. 491, California Bt; reward |10.
LOST-A passbook with The Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of CHRISTINE C. NELSON. No «M-
117. The finder will please return to bank.
A WEEK'S new£ for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
MASSAGE.
EMILY SEGSWORTH. assistant to Dr. A. B.
Wlllcox. scientific masseuse, room 40. St
Ann's building: hours. 9 a. — i. to 12:30.
:.; 1 - - - 3! "_ N^?- --^'P. Mlxi:yG>
AN opportunity for any one interested In South
American mining: but small outlay of capital
required. Box 4755, Coll office.
2TEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1*3 Market-Ladles'
specialists; S2 years' practice have treated
thousands oi cases successfully: positive curs
guaranteed at office; ladies treated can return
home same day; HEVDO HERB home cure
any. one can use it; perfectly harmless; home
ror confinement. Send stomps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHU 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth"
reliable ladles' specialist; home treatment c'
safe and sure cure guaranteed; ladles trea-^!
at office can return home the same day on
vate home before and during confinement
best medical care; hours. 3 a. m. to S p. m
D , R -,,. < H W - 9 >I>ON *NEI_U the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and rellabl"- hi,
ticed in San Francisco for ¦ yS_S; &_?" «££
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home: consultation free. Affer in
others fail call on him. 1JTC4 Marks? T
Success';
home; low fees. 10Q7 H Market st r^l^
ed; send for testimonials-' advice ££ ST
tarlum. 704 Sacramento &?%&?%,£*•
THE well-known DR. POPPER celebrated tZ
male specialist; practical phy_te__ T for »
yean; always successful, fa Kearny ,1
MR3. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ladles' sMclal-
1st; home In confinement: saft^nd i lin^suT
consultation free-; hours 1Q to g. rellable:
PR. WISIS. the ladles' specialist nii Market it
DR. WONG KIM. herb doctor, treats all di_-
eaies of the human body, us Mason at
MISCEL-vA-NEOUS— FOR~^jj___£ '
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machiaerv M/_
IXTOSH - WOLPMAX. 135-197 Fremont itf
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second hand: w» always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand-
X2 complete outfits on our floor, ready mai»'
we can ship everything In 24 hours, j'
NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1028 Mission it."
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR SALE. A BAROAIN. ~~ ~"
Or to trade for a good top buggy, 1 good-
appearins, up-to-date, undercut Columbus
rockaway. with full leather folding top; also
a lady's saddle horse. For particulars apply
northeast corner Twenty-third a&d Howard
sts.. C. ECKSTEIN, grocer.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $$ down and 15
per month: write for catalogue and . price,
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4C3 Calt:or_ift
st. ; rentals, new machine*. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rent- gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 218 Spear st •
BEAUTIFUL ring containing 2 diamonds and
emerald for $43; is a bargain at JTO. L'XC_C
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A— $3 B0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, S30 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 1-drlH
air compressor. JARDINE'S. 226 Fremont it.
FOR sale cheap^ — Shelving, showcases, counters
and Ice chest. 2S0S Market st
SWEET singing ca_arles tor sale, $3 each. 79
Hayes at
200-LIQHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. 8. WHITE, BIS Mission ct
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 SO. Portland Loan Office. 25 Btktn.
KODAK fll— _ S^xSH de-reloped only ZSo per
roll. Rembrandt Studio. 850 Market cor. Stkta.
FINE «ult. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery tu
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 121 Post st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 218 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
flts bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and.
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES— New and seccnd hand: all sizes. "Tini
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCEL_tXEOCS WA5TS.
WANTED— Oak sideboard; also small oak hat
rack; must be In good condition and reason-
able. Box 1848. Call office.
WANTED — 100 gallons milk dally by responsible
dealer in city. Box 4754 Call offlce.
WANTED— Uprisht piano for cash. _L L7
WHITEHEAD. 1713 Market st. •
LADIES* and cents' cast-oS clothlns bought A
sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-hrac and books. 109 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 141.
MOSIST TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; It you
owo a balanoe on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited UDon quietly and
quickly. Coil 63-63 Donoboe bldg.. 1170 Markst.
AA— BEST ratea and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages ...............
Interests la Estates
; I {Undivided Interests In Real Estato
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MXTRPHY. 630 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no d»-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. It. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
ANY proposition, any amount: 8 per oent; Crst.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages. life Insurance. Room IB. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLO RAN & OL8EN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
st. : tel Main 1844. ftrtmch 13 Third St. 4
A— |50O,0CO on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mort rages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAI* 10 Sixth;
highest price for old sold, silver, 4t«~i™r1,f
AT 128 Kearny st. room 9, respectable, prrvat*
place to borrow orv watches, diazx.onds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Travis 99S.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. SOI Jones St.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
small monthly payments. HOME BLTLDLNO
COMPANY. 223 Sanaome st. room i.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 4a California.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal: confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Toualey Co.. 321 Parrot big.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, S09 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LJCK. U« McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount A-ency. 143 Phelan bljr.
3HTS1CA L JJ*gT^^IEXT^___
DoT n^Pb«rmlsled' by advertisements that ap-
pear to offer something for nothing: you con
get the best ptanos for the least money at
MAUVAIS-. 763 Market st. -
BEAUTIFUL Arlington pianos in mahogany,
oak or walnut for $300. on payments easy: you
can exchange any piano you buy from us at
an£ time to" a Decker & Son. MACVAI-
MTSIC CO.. 7S> Market st
THE MAUVAIS MUSIC CO. carry the cele-
brated Decker & Son. Packard and Arlington;
select from these If you wish a satisfactory
article for your money. Coll or address 76*
Market it _____
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
c-iIaY _ CO.'S hare the privilege of ex-
cntnglnK for a STEINWAY any Urn* within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
'he best makers of everycrade to select from;
beautiful new uprights }S cash, 18 per month,
some Kood pianos for *3. *4 and $3 per month.
SIIERMAX CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, comer Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth.sts.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago,
ana ""^gjikcHX. THIS MONTH.
Bargains In all standard make* from $30
°Agents for the Peerless Heine. Hallett &
Davis. Boston's oldest and most famous piano,
also Behr Bros, and 10 other — >»v.*»
Pianos rented; rent allowed on purchase.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary at
A NICE piano for beginners. $75
One a llttla better S3
One still better <t...t iqu
Fine HaUet & Davis 133
Klnsrsbury. slightly used 130
Easy payments; Chlckerlng. Vose. Sterling.
Curtaz and other pianos: sheet music and
everything in the muslo line, BENJ. CUR-
TAZ - SON. 16 OTarrell st - _^
VIOLIN strings; never wet: best _t the world*
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
lnatrume-ts. Carl C. Anderson. _7 Ovary st,NEW: "WESTERN HOTEL.
W G Weston. B C
A* Rhelnhardt & w,
: Deliver ¦ ' *
A Johnson A w, Colo
W P Kelly. Yountvllle
J S 'Webber. Yountvillc
J Hulse, . Nome . >'••.•*
E Montague & t,- Cal
N C Godean, Sacto .
Mrs Relgules, L Ang .
H Dunbar, NY V"
N Herbert. Germany
Mrs Hortlock. Cal
R Lee. Baden
H McFarlar.d. Clnn
E.Hazelrigg. Chicago
Miss II , Rlcotte," Cal ;
Miss n Rlcotte. -Cat .
B J Devaney, St Louis
F. Spengemann, Mo
PALACE HOTEL.
J Reynolds, Stanford ,
"U' Kunzler, Ross Val
R Trumbull. S Rafael
B U Steinman/ Sacto
E K Taylor, Alameda
A B Shaln. Fresno
W W Lee, L Ang
O M Ladd. Denver
J F Parks. Jackson
S Mclntyrc, Phila
Mrs Mclntyre, Phila
W H Ryan. N. Y
L L ' Torrey, Boston .
Mrs Jagodingg, Mo
A V Stuart. Chicago
T L Matthes, Pittsbg
C Schroeder, Chicago
T J Field. Monterey
Mrs Field. Monterey
Miss Field. Monterey
J E Gerllck. Clnn
L H Frankenheimer,
Stockton >
Mrs Frankenheimer,
Stockton".' < -
E F Barronr Mayblrd
Mrs Barron, Maybird
Mrs McGum. Alameda
F P Watson. Sacto
H F Johnson. Phila
G W Gibson. N Y
G Fletcher. NY
Mrs L A Terrr. Sacto
Miss Terry. Sacto
W Rhoades Jr. Cal
O Stevens. Sacto
E Buckelton. N J
Mrs Buckelton. N J
J Neather, Chicago
J E Henry. Lincoln
G E Henry, Lincoln
DC Herbst. ' Pittsburg
W Warr. Wallace
D Benjamin, K City
W Jamison. Seattle
C de Knight, Wash
A Alderdlce. NY
M Ehrllch. Germany
G Olshausen & w, L A
G E Woolner. NY
C M Demond. N Y
G E Freeman, NY
J R Clark. L Ang
F Salisbury. L Ang
J W Alston, Stanfd
GRAND HOTEL
W W Brown, Cal
A J Larson, Lodl
Mrs E W Mitchell, Cal
B Thomas, Delano
J A Hughes. Bakersfld
E "W Pendleton.L. Ang
Dr W Johnson, Cal
E A Shivers. Sn I'lego
C E Green, Davis rille
H C Smith. Portland
J P Corles, N Y
W D Clements, Nev
J C Steele, Trinity
W J Richardson & w,
Paeadena
P A Collins,. Paaadena
J D Blddle. Hanford
H B Stoddard, Merced
J Daly, Healdsburg
L A Spltzler, Sn Jose
H R Stahl, Sn Jose
E Bergeman, S Miguel
F D Ryan. Sacto
M A Nurse, Sacto
W W Priestly, Cal
M Biggs Jr, Orovllle
C Haydock, Los Ang
W T Montgomery & w,
California •
G Kessle & w, Chicago
J J Morey, Watsonvllle
J Walker. Watsonvllle
J Mitchell, Arizona
W Rhoades Jr, Cal
C C Walte. Los Ang .
T Ely, Jamestown
W J Baughen, N T
H Fountalne. Newcstle
C E Thlppa & w. Cal
Miss C Thlpps. Cal
J Smith. Reno
J J Blake, Reno
C J Brown, Colfax
WO Spencer, Coif ax
O Stevens, Sacto
J H Bather, Sacto
J Sheardon. Los Ana;
J J Murphy, Cal
M Young, Seattle
M E McGrath, Denver
O XV Crystal. Vacavlll
A Schollhorn, St Ixjuls
T M Hancock. Nev Cty
F Johnston, Sacto
T R Prince. Boston
E F Hameg & w. Berk
E W Repprath, Boston
T TV Moore. Antloch
R A "Wilson, Salem
O T Atwood, Stockton
W M Powell. Sacto !
W Brown, Cal
J Moore, Grimes
A A Thayer, Grimes -
G 8 Heart, Grimes
S B Walton, Pittsburg
M O LevlngRton, Pa
H Durand. Chicago
J M Bjwell & w, Cal
T Rolllson & w, Mass
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
INTLTJX OF SPANISH
IMMIGRANTS IN CUBA
Believed Y«llow Fever Is Principally
. Due to Their Ax
rival.
HAVANA. Oct. . 10.— Three thousand
Spanish immigrants have arrived since
October. 1, and the Bureau of Immigra
tion estimates that the number will reach
12,000 before the end of the month.- It
Is believed that the yellow fever situation
Is principally due to the non-immune Im
migration. *££t£'MR83!£&t£&'^5&!
To-day being the thirty-second anniver
sary of the beginning of the ten years'
war, was observed as a national holiday
and the Cuban flag was floated over the
palace, by order of General Wood.
? '
Forrest Wishes to Be Relieved.
PERTH,. West Australia, Oct. 10.— The)
Premier, the Right Hon. Sir John Forrest,
in introducing the budget to-day asked to
be relieved of the Premiership early in
1901. Reviewing the satisfactory condi
tion of the colony, the Premier said It
was intended to make Fremantle the San
Francisco of Australia. He added that
the profits of the State railroads were
sufficient to pay 4 . per cent on the debt
and provide 1 per cent for the sinking
f«nd. ¦ - ¦ ¦ « ¦ ¦• -
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 10.— The ninetv-first an
nual meeting of the American Board of
Commissioners for Foreign Mission:* con
vened this mcrning in Pilgrim Congrega
tional Church and will be in session three
days. Between two and three hundred
corporate" members, ofticers of the Ameri
can Board and the women's auxiliaries,
missionaries from foreign and homo
fields, as well as prominent ministers and'
laymen from many Congregational
churches were present. Rev. Dr. Michael
Burnham, pastor of Pilgrim Congrega
tional Church, delivered a short address
of welcome, and a fitting response to his
eloquent remarks was made by Samuel
B. Capen, L.L. D., of Boston, president
of the American Board, who said in part: i
"There will be two thoughts constantly
before us all through these meetings. Tbo
nrst Is that it Is me closing year of the
century, which will be known in history
as the great missionary century J
"And the second thought will be the
fearful story from China. Never before
have we held our meetings under such a,
shadow. We remember noble men and
women from our tiresides who wear the
martyr's crown; we remember the native
Christians, who have not hesitated to
show their fidelity by shedding tneir life
blocd, and our prayers will go out to the
home friends whose hearts are bleeding
and torn. Nineteen years ago in this city
the Shansi mission was inaugurated; this
year It has been practlcaily exterminated
in awful massacre."
The report of the prudential committee,
home department, stated that death had
claimed from the ranks of the corporate
body ten of Its members, whose services
have ranged from 1851 to 1S93.
During the year forty new missionaries
have been sent to their several fields of
appointment— eleven men, three of whom
ara physicians, and twenty-nine ladles,
twelve the wives of missionaries and two
of them physicians.
It is expected that at the coming session
of Congress a bill will be introduced in
cluding among other features the repeal
of the legacy tax to Institutions of a lit
erary, educational or charitable character.
During the past year there has been a re
bate in rent to the Congregational mis
sionary societies from, the Congregational
house income of $1124.
In addition to the missionaries assigned
under the auspices of the forward move
ment committee, some twenty-two mis
sionaries, or missionary families, have
been assigned through other agencies. In
two cases missionary families have been
taken by individuals; in two cases by En
deavor societies grouped for the purpose;
in two cases by churches grouped, and in
the other cases by individual churches.
The report of the treasurer, Frank H. !
Wiggin of Boston, showed that in ex
penditures the cost of missions had been
$076,165; the cost of agencies. $17,119; the
cost of publications, $9304; the cost of ad
ministration, $29,461; balance for which the
board was In debt September 1. 1S99. Ji8,
53L Total. JS20.5S8. Receipts. $737,957; bal- j
ance for which the board is in debt Au- !
gust 31. 1900. JS2.631. 'Total, $820,588.
At the afternoon session the annual
survey of the work of the American
Board was presented In a report read by !
Rev. Dr. James L. Barton, one of the sec- |
retarles. It dwelt r.t length on the work ;
being done in the Pacific islands, Africa, i
Turkey and China especially.
Interesting Reports Read
at the Meeting in St.
Louis.
President Capen in His Opening Ad
dress Speaks of the Terrible
Slaughter of Christians
in China.
YEAR'S WORK IN
MISSION FIELD
Sixto Lopez's telegram was called forth
by a query sent to him by Mr. Ehrich as
to the authenticity of the alleged procla
xnation.-' ¦--- ¦¦• ¦¦<¦
"The proclamation to which you refer
Is a clumsy forgery, which can only be
believed by bitter opponents. It Is the
work, no doubt, of the Spaniards or the
monks, who try to create ill feeling be
tween the Americans and the Filipinos to
the discredit of the latter. No such dis
graceful or diabolical proclamation was
ever Issued by Aguinaldo."
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. Oct. 10.—
Louis R. Ehrich, a member of the Na
tional Executive Committee of the Anti-
Imperiallst League, to-day received a tel
egram from Sixto Lopez In Boston, one
of the foremost Filipinos and a man who
stands near Aguinaldo, denying emphatic
ally the authenticity of the proclamation
purporting to have been. issued by Agui
naldo January 9, 1S99. in which the Phil
ippine leader Instructed his followers to
occupy the housetops along the line which
the American soldiers should follow in
entering Manila and urging them to pour
oil and boiling water on the soldiers. The
alleged instructions further Incited tho
Filipinos to use spears which would leave
the head of the weapon in the body of the
victim when the shaft was withdrawn,
and urged other and varied forms of tor
ture of the American soldiers. Lopez's
telegram is addressed to Mr. Ehrich and
reads:
"BOSTON, Mass.. Oct 9. 1900.
Proclamation by Aguinaldo.
Sixto Lopez's Views on an Alleged
Colonel Hood, Sixteenth Infantry, ac
companied by Captain Moody, has re
turned from Abulug and reports that
everywhere was manifested the greatest
loyalty and enthusiasm. The colonel Is
well pleased with the conduct of affairs
at Abulug and vicinity.
DENOTJWCED AS A FOBGERY.
Small bands of Ladrones are commit
ting depredations in many sections' of the
archipelago. Lieutenant Colonel Byram
of the Twenty-seventh Infantry raided
Santalon, a small pueblo lying 1 between
Tavtay and Maraquina, last Wednesday
at midnight and captured forty-eight La
drones. This capture winds un a bunch
of water pir;ttc» that has infested the
mouth of the lake and the marshes in tho
vicinity.
A band of Ladrones recently visited tha
home of an old Spaniard, living about
twenty miles from Masbate, and mur
dered the entire family, whicn consisted
Of father and mother, six sons and six
daughters. The terrible wholesale butch
ery was reported to the commander of the
Masbate post and a detachment of the
Twenty-ninth was sent to capture the
bandits. A hot fight ensued, which re
sulted in fifteen dead rebels and the cap
ture of eight rifles. The Americans suf
fered no casualties.
Two horsethieves and deserters from
the Twenty-ninth Infantry, U. S. V., sta
tioned on the island of Masbate, were
killed by a party of soldiers who were
sent to capture them. As the little party
approached the deserters the latter opened
an Ineffective lire, which was returned,
and the two deserters fell dead. One of
them was named Carxan, but the name
of his companion has not been learned.
Two other soldiers who were intimidated
Into joining the deserters made their es
cape and returned to camp.
A claim has just been presented to the
secretary of the Military Governor Ly
Ssnor Manuel Pardo for the recovery of
the sum of $32,000 from the United Staias
Government for the seizure and confisca
tion and ' sale of the steamer Toning,
which was seized by the United States
authorities In January, 1S99, condemned as
a nlibusterer and sold to the McLeod
Company for 532.000. Senor Pardo claims
that the Government officials were de
ceived by false testimony. He says he
can show that his steamer never carried
nor transported any arms, and that at all
times he has been friendly to the United
States Government. The claimant only
asks for the sum the steamer sold for, <o
the Government will not lose anything In
the event ot the claim being allowed.
"Word has been received from San.
Miguel to the effect that two men belong
ing to Lieutenant Alsladtter's party -were
given their liberty on parole a few days
ago. They report that the lieutenant and
the other prisoners are now in the hards
of Pablo Tecson and ¦ are well cared for.
Fagan, the deserter from the Twenty
fourth Infantry, is supposed to have
planned the ambush. The treatment of
prisoners by Tecson has been most com
mendable, and all the reports brought
from within his line indicate that Pablo
is most humane In his methods. The two
men who were given their parole were re
quired to sign a paper, written In Spanish,
the full Import of which they did not
know, but which they understood to be a
sort of parole.
MANILA, Aug. 24.— Colonel Freeman,
commanding: the Twenty-fourth Infantry,
has just completed some very Important
work at San Nicolas. , On. August 12 he
received the surrender of one colonel, one
major, six captains, seven lieutenants, 150
men, 101 rllies, 800 rounds of ammunition
and 50 bolos— all that was left of Colonel
Roberto Grassa's force with that veteran
at its head. Grassa's surrender with his
battle-worn command is another vital
blow to the hopes and ambitions of Agul
naldo. It removes an important prop
from his cause and will go far toward the
complete restoration of peace in Luzon.
Senor Manuel Pardo Seeks to Recover
the Amount Received From the
Sale of the Steamer
Toning.
Capture of Grassa's Force
Will Do Much Toward
Restoring Peace.
HEAVY BLOW TO
THE INSURGENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1900.
11
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
Al-SOLl.'TELY the •/ dect and largest house
west of Chicago is f JJHLER & CHASE'S. 26,
*S ar.d 33 O'Furreii st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FINE -jpripht piano, almost new, JIM.
DEWING'S. Flood building.
•TINE l-peda] urright r'.ano: sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. C07 McAllister St.
CENTLKMAN going to New Ycrk wiH sacrifice
large? urrl?-t jiiano. 321 Colden Gate ave.
BE in ihe 5-nim. rent a new j,iano for S3 per
month. SCOTT -CURTAZ CO.. L«1 Hayes st.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
lnfftaKmentB. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. ?33 Market ft.. 4 elegant up-
r'.gh'.s at your onn price. Shoninger agency.
A BAUOAIX: must b«? scld; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. :6 Mc-AHinter St.. next Hlb. Bank.
POHMER & CO.. liyron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
tDan end other pianos. 20S Post st.
SUPERIOR, violins, r.ithers. old and new. H.
Ml.l.TX:t. trakT. rrnaircr. 2 Latham r»ace.
REDUCTION sr.le: new pianos: f5 payments:
for rent. $2 up. TIRUENX. 20S Post ft.
JIlOH-nRAPK ;.iar.er: St«K-k. Hardman. Con-
over A- o!h«-y '.V. 7t ALT.EN CO.. 214 Post.
OFFICES AXP STORES TO LET.
LARGE e'.fjrant store and basement: 993 Valen-
cia ft., near list; business center; sultabi*
for any tusiness.
PALMISTOV.
H~ JEKOME Fx5FsELLi~ecientlnc palmist. 515
Taylor «.. bet. Geary and Pott; tel. Black 561.
MME. NEERGAARD has removed to 700 Post:
hours 1 to 5 eve.. anJ Pur.day by appointment.^
PERSOXALS.
A NNIE eiTXlLLI E O.— Come home. All will
be^weX C. E. A. O.
ANNIE and LILLIE G.-Ccme to me at once.
MRS. R. 52 Fell ft.
GENTLEMAN, aged Z'. with means, wishes
acquaintance of workins-out young lady not
o\er 2»; object matrimony. Box *T63. CalL
RAO csrpets wove to cr3er and for sale; als)
cherr.lle-n-ove rugs, «?:!k portieres; dealer ln
carpet twine, ln har.k cr chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70S Fifth. Oakland.
AT IjocJerpr's all this week, large stock of
hair ornaments at low figures; artistic halr-
drf*!ir.g only 25e; switches cheap. 123 Stoktn.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
HOPKE BROS.
Mattrerses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated; hor.^Et work guaranteed;
prices d<>fy competition: fine upholstery;
pbooe CSl'S; factory. SIS and :20 Eleventh St.:
tiiri-ciaFs cleaning- and dyeln*. 12S O'FarreU
Ft., mar Powell. San Franclfco.
ELECTRIC liithts in every room— Wincherier
Kg;.-! <4 Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms;
C.V- to II ZO i*r niphJ: «1 S« to K per week;
ftw "bus and bapgage to and from the ferry.
LAPl¥s should us? Mne. Reiner's depilatory;
remove* Furxrfiuous hair ir.ytanUy; no pain.
MME. REINER. SI1 Sutter St.. 10 to 4.
SI'IT" 5 to orti*»r on installments: $13 upward;
H & vrf*V. LEON LEMOS. Ill" Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
l'KIVATE directive work; reasonable rates; 10
years' <-rp*ri«»no*. J. B- RAY. 2^7 Jessie St.
?!'JTS to cr<1ex from lis up on easy payments.
Th<" Richelieu. SN Market et., near G«ary.
LEDEREIVS Ouintonica hair tonic preserves
ar.-l beautifies your hair: try it: 35c bottle.
KODAK fi'Bin 3'-%x34 developed only 25c per
roll. Rembrandt studio, 8T.3 Market, cor. Stkn.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo: a perfect clean--
B»r: try it once; Sc r/'ksr. 13 Stockton st.
ALL artsMas to join an amateur dramatic club
rail room 23, 1226 Market St., for particulars.
MMK. ADA. the wonderful gifted healer, re-
moved to 1204 Market st.. offices 3 and 4.
Fl'IT:? to order on ea^y payments. Art Tailor-
ire Co., 1C« Mkt., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
¦"'!.!> grid, filvr, <1i**n<->r.<1s ar.d precious stones
U uyht. J. R. JEKKEL, R27 Market Et.
HAIR cuiekly ctirlod or waved by using Tal-
cott'i curling Cold; Sc a bottle; drusgisu.
AI.FP.EDl'MS E?>Titi8n Henna restores gray
heir tO'tta natural color; fl. at all druggists.
CAST-<"»FF clotMr.fr. «>1<1 cold and FiH-er bought;
«Br,d portal. C< il.TTMAN'S. SCifi Kearny Et.
l'HVSICIAXS AXD SLRCEO.\S.
r>R. C C. O'DOX.VELL- Orflce and residence,
:n~ Market St.. befnrf-pn Sixth and Seventh.
Ill.U. ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
f'A (JL-TZ A- TmOTHEK.
ROOM 6*. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
(Our New Office.)
Price* cf Everything Have Risen.
Real Estate Values Are gure to Follow.
Buy a Let Now at Our Low Price*.
OXLT J70O-CORNERS J1000-THINK OF IT 1 .
Graded Richmond lots on Sixth and Seventh
eves., MV Point Lobos. on installments; oniy
& few more to sell; mecure one quick.
BEAVTIFrX. Sl-NEET LOTS-
ALL BAP.GAINS.
$^00 to t?00 — Lots graded, streets macadam-
ized: superb view; protected from winds; no
crtftingr eand: opposite new music stand;
Eplesdid car service; o^:y $10 monthly.
ITS. j:M. SltO to tKi>-Nineteenth-ave. lots
and to the Ocean boulevard; one-third less
their vaJue; fZ raonth!}-.
riot) to trwv— Level lot*, cilia ¦ to MIsaicn and
Fan Mateo electric car lines; $5 monthly.
Branch office. Ninth av». and H et.. Sunset;
cpen every day anl Bunda*. ' * :.*
Ca!l for Maps and I>!a£rama.
EOL OETZ & BROTHER.
(New Olfice) Room 54, Chronicle bulldlnj.
FTXTH sve.. west da?, between Clement anl
P'.'.r:t Loboa ave*., th<s two choicest lots la
l'.irhmon'!; 25x120; ready for building; can
jiasB In f ror.t ; submit me an offer as I want
to *ell the lots; will sell for carh or on In-
stallments.
Tenth ave., west side, close to Clement; lot
rixi:^; also a choice let: JSOO. W. J. GUNN,
(3" California ft., between Montgomery and
Kearny.
FfNPET DiMrtot; f3350— For sale, house of 6
fom*. bath and larpe basement; decorated;
r>v«-nth av».. bft. H and I 5U. Apply to
DAVID LEWI?. BB Brannan n.
ilODERN h-nis«« built: lowest rrice«: plans and
estimate* furnlyhed. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
J.UF5ION cnttsge: new; « rooms, bath; lot 60x
1M; COOP; terms to tuit buyer. 413 Kearny n.
ItEAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Salr
ACCtTRATE personal knowledge — i»ach of the
•C*0 ranches en my SALE and EXCHANGE
!ift. Mire thsn all other acents ln this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land agent. 6 Geary at.
SVa<^KE fruit farm, near Haywards: Improve-
ment? CrFt-c'.as-s; price fJPOO; terms to suit/
Address box 4764. Call office.
roil SALE OR RENT— Fine fruit, grain and
•tork ranch. TOO arm. near bay. Address
U. r>.. b^x Z&6, Call effice.
CITY jiroperty and farms sold or exchanged;
rrlr.te^ lifts, m. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1.
alameda"advertisements.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR INVTETMESt!
4 new modern 5-rocm ccttages; oay 10 per
cent; be«t location; always rented. Apply to
A. R. IjENKT PR.. 1400 Webster Bt.. Alameda.
ALAMEUA HOCSES.
FIVE rooms and bath, handsomely~^urnish«d
for housekeeping; rent SSi for permanent par-
ty; fineFt location. Apply 2101 Central ave .
AlaTr.oda. .
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
FIRST-CLAPS board and suite of rocmsTor
man and wife; private family In Alameda -
Apply b"x 44C7. Call orfice. , *
OAKLAND ADYEkfisEMENT^
c FFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$17; CASH. JiO monthly: new cottage, I large
toorr.*; 7-foot bawment; brick foundation; i
large level low. £0x2M; price all told. JTO;
will fence and finish up to auit buyer; plenty
of pood water; «oll. climate and view the very
best; close to electric car line and W-foot wide
boulevafd. and not far from model school-
houee: no fogs nor raw winds here; Fruitvalc.
;...,¦.: i -r.'.K East Oakland; 10 buildings gone up
already; more coming: call or send for circu-
lar' 4-v, Seventh St., near corner Broadway,
Ctak'.and; carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES,
owner.
Corner: more with fixtures, etc., and 4 fine
living rooms, barn; lot. 39x100; an opening for
procery or bakery; terms if desired. J. S.
HYERS. IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAICLAXD RE AI, ESTATE.
FURNISHED cr unfurnished house of 8 large
rooms and bath: sanitary plumbing: lot BOx
1C0; ontral location. Applr 139 19th St.. Oakld.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET. ~^
GOOD houses Get list from GEO. W. AU8-
T1N * <^O . IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND KfRMTtRE FOR SALE.
tho
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELIZABETH. 12, near Guerrero— 6 furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent 315. -
ELLIS Cl. nr. Larkln— Newly furnished suit
of t 'rms for hougekpE. $U; also 1 rm. SiO.
FILI^MORE. CM", near aay— 5 sunny furnished
rooms: bath; housekeeping.
HOWAKD 16C6— Flat of 2 rooms, complete
housekeeping: front bay window; private and
cheap. .__
LAKKIN, S04— Large sunny back bedroom and
kitchen, furnished complete for hoasekeep-
ing. Ill- • _^>
OAK, 119— Sunny single rooms, $6 and J3 50;
furnished for light housekeeping. /
O'FARRELL, 119 A— Xlcely furnished sunny
rooms with privilege of light housekeeping.
POLK, XZl— Furnished and unfinished house-
keeping rooms : sunny; rent cheap.
POWELL. 1401—2 or 3 large tunny rooms, con-
nected, for housekeeping; also single rooms.
SIXTH. 240V4— Bay-window suite; light house-
keeDinr; running water; reasonable.
STOCKTON. 603— Nice sunny furnished rooms,
tingle or en suite; also housekeeping rooms;
rent reasonable.
TURK. 12t— Two furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water; closet; no children.
VAN NESS 400 — 3 well-furn. sunny connecting
rooms; private entrance: large yard; tuba.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
lecriTcd at Call hranch nffW. 7V** Filimor* «t.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnm. and Ilnfnrn.
A— BRt*NS\VICK House, 145 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to Jl per right; $1 25 to t> per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
A— SUTTER. T17, nr. Taylor— Sunny; cliolce;
reasonable; please Investigate; bath. . -.
AUSTIN ave.. 105. off Polk— Furnished and
unfurnished rooms, and housekeeping. '¦"¦" ¦¦---
BURNETT. 142a Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
mrhed rms.. *ultes, single; alro unfurnished
BUSH. 3?4— Furnished sunny rooms, suits or
single. 25c per night up; transient.
BUSH. E20 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely turn, sunny rms.. $1 50 to $7
week; 25c to $1 M night. MRS. P. RANFT.
GEART. 4C5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rrr.e.; suites or single; travelers accommodate!.
CLAY. 1629 — Nicely furnished rms cheap, with
or without kitchen privileges. Inq. 1528 Polk.
GRAND FOITTHERN. southeast corner Seventh
and Mlcsion ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite cr
single; ladies' parlor; reading-rocm; elevator.
JONES. 321. near Ellis— Nice 6unny .bay-window
room, also parlor; reasonable.
LAS PALM AS. IS; Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath; 6ln. rms.; boar»i optional.
MINNA. C67, cor. Eighth— New furnished lay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NORWOOD. €11 Taylor— Furnished sunny
suites; also single rooms; terms reasonable.
OCT AVI A. 2513— Two large sunny rooms; use
cf kitchen; bath; gas,
O'FARRELL. 10— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; plevator: electric lights: day. wk., mo.
POLK. 717 — Nice furnished front room, with
use of bath; tS per month.
POST. 617V4— Two pleasant sunny rooms for
lijrht housekeeping: rent $W.
ROPEDALE House. 318 and 321 Eills st.— Rooms,
ntght 15c to ¥L week $1 25 to f»; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st— Incandescent light;
reading room, smcklnr room and ladles' par- ,
lor; rooms, per niirht. 35c to $1 50; week. J2 to
If; month. IS to 130: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— One nicely furnished
room; private residence; light housekeeping
allowed.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Fumifhed or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 4€3— One large eunny room, with
board; use of bath; reasonable.
SIXTH. 13«i — Runny furnished rooms for light
houFc»kc»PTilnK: also other rooms.
nOOMS "WANTED.
"WANTED — By Bing-le gentleman. furnished
rotm ln exclusive private family, n. of E1I1*.
e. of Steiner; state terms. Box 4773, Call.
WANTED— Unfumlflful room; place for stove.
Box 47C2. Call office.
ROOMS A>U BOARD.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel ; very eunny
rooms; fine table. 1C04 California st.
BOARD and rooms at 415 Flraf st.. near Har-
rlMjn.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
GENTLEMAN want a room; breakfast, dinner:
Sootrh or deter family prt-fd. Box 4732. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— -Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery ft., rooms 9-10: tel. ESSO.
ROOMS papered from $150; whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
5EWIXC MACHIXES A>D SUPPLIES.
ALL kind* bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re.
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plamb«ck. 1915 Mlnslon. nr. 15th.
STOHAGE^AVD WA REHOUSES.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 2SL
JTYPEWRITERS^JlXp SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITER?&— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, M. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters: any mak<s.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE— Taxes due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization — Control-
ler's Department. State. of California. Sac-
ramento. October 9. 1900.— In accordance with
the provisions of Section 3C6S of the Political
Code, notice is hereby given that I have re-
cei\-ed from the State Board of Equalization
the "Duplicate Record of Assessments cf
Railways" and the "Dupjicate Record of Ap-
portionment of Railway Assessments," con-
taining the assessments upon the property of
each of the following named associations or
corporations, as fixed by said State Board of
Equalization for the year 1900, to-wlt:
Central Pacific Railroad Company, South
Pacific Coast Railroad Company, Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company. Southern California
Motor Road Company. Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company. California Northwestern
Railway Company Ocssees Ban Francisco and
North Pacific .Railroad). Santa Fe Pacific Rail-
road Company. San Francisco and Ean Joaquln
Valley Railway Company. Southern California
Railway Company. North Pacific Coast Rail-
road Company, Pacific Coast Railway Com-
pany, Pajaro Valley . Consolidated Rail-
road Company, Nevada County Karrow-
Gauge Railroad Company, Nevada-Callfornla-
Oregon Railway Company, Alameda and San
Joaquin Railroad Company, ijlerra Railway
Company of California. Randsburg Railway
Company, Oualala River Railroad Company,
Sierra Valleys Railway Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company. San Francisco
and San > Mateo (Electric) Railroad Company
and Pullman's Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property, and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable, and will be delinquent on the- last
Monday ln November next at J o'clock p. m.,
and unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be tdded
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday ln April next,, at 6
o"clock p. m.. an additional 5 per cent" will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at any time after the first Mon-
day ln January next,' and ' will be delinquent
on the last Monday In April next, at 6 o" clock
p. m.. and unlees paid to the State Treasurer,
at the Capitol, prior thereto. 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLOAN. Controller.
JL4ILR0AD TRAVEL*
MWUTIIKftM I* «<¦!»- 14- I'nnf.tXT.
(FACiriC nTttTCN.l
Train* !•>*>«•• »»»•< »r» •!«•«• •• nrrlv* «l
SVN Fit t *4'1X< <>.
(i!a:n Lit.e, Tool H Hark'*. Street.)
LSavi — Fro* October 1. 1SC3. — akkiti
•7:OOa B.-iicK Suisim, Clm'n. VMarlUe.
liumm'J mui .-we iinnf... # ?:l:.p
•7:00* Shista Express— I»tU, WOIams(fnr
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Ued
Bluff. rortUnrt. *7:l3p
i *7i34M MartinearSmu Uasiion. Vallejo, Nspa.
enlist! ?.i i >.l s»ii'..v Ki*a •<itl."»r
•SiOOa Dtib, WiMxlUnd. Knight. Landing
Mar) •» hie. «>ro»ille »7:l.Tp
•ftiOO* ArUuti'- Kipres*— 4)gd«n and fcut *13:t.1p
*M:O*K Mia, Tnej, Lathrop, Stcditoa *O:I.>±
*AtUUA Hau .!•.«*-, Liveruiure. ¦itivktim,
lone. .SaeremnitM. PlacrrtiU',
M»r»»»ll>«\ Oateu. lif.l isiuff Msl.ip
•ftiSO* OakiUlr, Chinese, ftoiton. Carters... *l: Lip
•!)ittO« Haywar<ls. Nilrsand Waj litilllWM. "1 1 1 I'll
•W:«t«A Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Lathrop. ritocktou, Atrrct-il
' Frcniiu biiU Lcs Angotes 'Tilip
•0:5A« Vallrjo. Mtr?.i::-.-a >m>i iV.j SU'.hm *3tl5p
•1 0:O«» Tim OrerUml Limited— Ogden, Den-
ver. Ouiafca. Chlcafi "Bi-M*
•1I:OOa Nilrs. Stockton. HaorameDtu, Men-
dote. Fressow Ilaaford, \ i»»ll*.
lYrtrriilie •«:I3»
*1 1 :00a IiTermoTd. Saoger. Goehen Jono-
tlcm. BakersCdii, Los A- jclc»
• I*:A«m lUjwitril*. Nile* mid Way nkitiou*. *2t4.1»
tliDOrHMrimniUi IUr«r HLe«m«rct t3:O«*
•SiOOp lli;*w!>, Nil- n ami Waj MUtion*. *3:43p
MiOMp Marline*. .San lUiuon. Vallejo,
Na|.». (MlntnKa. .Santa Kola *BilS«
*lt»ur K-uicu, Winters. Kaoramento,
W.,i>.U»mJ. Ki.tkhts Loading.
M»rjmiii>. Ororlll.. •l*3f!»«
MiSOr NIlevf'iMiJme and Stockton *7>I»P
*3t«0pT)ia Owl lJ.-nlt.Hi— Tracy, Fresno.
IUkersOelci. iHaugns for Banta Bar-
bara. Lua Augelca. MOilii
•H:»»r Btoefcton •S#:-I3»
•5:«or New Orlrant Finn— lli>i iiiUnM.
Hanbo lUrliara, \x>* Ang-lw. Dem-
tnz. El Piao, New Orleaus and
K.«t ,.. »T»«*
•6:O» P Harwarda. Mies and Man Jcxra »7: 4r» »
t«:OOr Valletta M-.tii.ir
•«:Ovr Oriental Mall— Ojilen, Cbeyanne.
Omaha. Chicago '12:13?
•«:«Or Orient. Mail— Ogden. Deafer.
OmaJia. Chicago # 4»13p
•T:«O» NUm, Tracy. L&throp. Stockton.... *JSslSp
•7:»»r Ottiimi »aa Callr»r?iU KxprcMs.Haa.
r!tm«»tc> Marjiiille. KunMIng,
1'i.itlun.I. I'.ig-t Smincl an.l Katt *8t43a
{St*5p Vallrjo. Fort Oota and Waf MU-
tloiia tl»i— r
COAST Bl TIM tO!1 CUrroiT Usage).
(Foot of Market Street.!
•a:l."»ANewajrk.CV»itor»llle.«a«.lo<nj.Felton,
Boulder Crr«k.8ai>t* Cms and Way
Stations..'. •«¦*•?
t*<ISr Newark, Onterrtllo, (ten Jom, Now
AlmariftD, Frltou, Itnalder Creek,
Santa Crux aad Principal War
Stations t««i40a
MtlSr Newark. H.n Jom. I.e. GaVis •&•«•*
alls43p Hunters' Excursion. San Jc*c* aad
Way SUUona t»tM*T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
r»«sn rimisco— r»«i if Kirk«t simt<siiti)—
•7:1* 9:00 11:00*. u. 11:03 '2:09 11:39
M:03 S3:Q3 •l:03r.n.
FrimflUUIID— rui«ririii»<T.— '6:00 8:00 13:00*. a.
I11C3 «l:03 tK3 »3:M tl:C3 '8:33p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Itroal «;»u c -,.
(Third ai t* Townaeml St*.)
t«il«H Ocean View, South Nan Praaciscn.. fitfr
•7:00* Han Jom ami *7ay 8tutlc.ni (New
Alinadei- WodnecuUjintilj) •l»S«p
•B.OO« Han Jcrne. Trra lMuoa. HanM Crns.
racillc (iron. I'aso Koh.es. Han
l.n;s ')l)!"i|.,>, Hnrf, Lo*upoc and
lVineij'al Waj flUttuiis Mil*?
•I»>4Oa Ban J<*e and Way HtaUout •aixi*
•I 1:20a Han Joss an.l Wa- HUtimis *3i3Vr
fa^iSr Sai. Mitro. Kedwood. V.»ulo Park.
Palo Alto. SauciOtra. N*i. .!..««.
Tres Pico*. Haute Crux, 8altaaa.
Monterey ami Paeilio Gtutb t' 0^"*
f»:.10r Ssn.Iowa.id Way Stations 'Ti3»r
fl:l»r San Josean.l Principal Way Stations •!»:•.-»?
; t3:OOr d»n Joao, Loa Oatoa and Priaeipa]
Wajr K-.»tioim t9:O*«
¦.1:.1Or Ean Jose ami Principal Way Stations *•*»*
*li:::«l- '•*%-.. I,,i- an.l Way s»ati»i:s f1:««c,
qU;45pSau Joaemi.1 Way Mtaticmi *1;30p
A lor Morntng. I* for Afternoon
•Dairy. . t *u»<*ay ereepted. !Sun.Urosl;.
n •* *•»•«• »-i?t
CAUFOSNU NORTBVESTEBN RY. Ca
SAR FRARCISOO AND NORTH PAGIF13
RAILWAY COMPA.NY.
Tlfcuroa Ferry. Foot of Market SS.
SAX KRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
"KEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:00. U:00 a. m.; «:SS,
S:30. 5:10, «:30 p. a. TnarsdayB— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Baturdaya^-Extra trt?a at 1:M
and 11:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS— s:C0. 9:33. U:00 a. m.: 1:50, 3:39.
C:0O. <:ZS> D. ra.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAT&-«:10. T:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:43,
1:40. 5:11 p. m. Satardaya— Extra trips at
1:16 and C:35 v. m.
StTS DATS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. H\
¦ 6:05. 6:25 v. m.
Between San Francisco and Schueti-a Park
aamc achedala a» above.
J>nva I In Effect. I Arrive
fan Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1800,1 Ban nranclsox
"Week. I Bun- J I Ban- I VT«*i
Dajra. f daya. | Destlnatlon.1 daya. | Days.
T:V> am 8:00 em Novata. 10:40 ami 1:40 am
1:30 pm »:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:J3 ata
1:13 pro 6:00 pm Santa Itosa.. 7:30 pm[ <:Sd pra
Fulton. , ... I '
T:39 am Windsor. X0:S aa
Healdsburg.
Lyttoa.
Geyservtlle.
t:30pm g:00 am Cloverdale. 7:8 pm « :30 pm
T:30 am! I Hoptand I 110:23 am
1:80 pm[ 8:00 amf and Ultiah. | 7:g pa| 1:20 pm
1:20 am 10:2Sam
t:00 am Cuemeville. 7:SS pm
¦ :30 pm *:»ym
T:80 am 1:00 am Bonoraa 9 US am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm S:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:05 pm[ 1:10 pa
T:»0 ami «:0O ami 110:40 am!10:25 am
. S:20 pm| 8:00 pm! Sebastcpel. I 7:SS pm| S:20 pm
Etafea connect at Santa Roaa for Mart W»«t
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Sprints: »t Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Sprints; at
Geyserrtlle for Skases Sprinzs: at Cloverdal*
for the Oeysers: at Hosland for Duncaa
Bprlns^. nichland Sprlntrs. Krlseyvlll*, Carl**
tad Sprlnss. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprlnffi; at TJklah for Vichy Sprtnrs. 8aratogr»
Springs. Bltit> Lak?s. Laurel Dell Laka, Witter
Brrlnes. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. LJeTlc»y"s. Buetaeirs.
Sanfcefirln Helshts, Kullviiia. Orr*« Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. T7e»t-
port. Usal. Wllllts, Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rounintrlo tickets aS
reduced rates.
On Sunday ronr.d trip tickets to an points
feevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. 830 Market st.. Chronic!* V.dj.
H. C. VTHITIN'O. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. G»n. 'Pama. Acent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
~~. Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing September 3U, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MI IX. VAT.T.TCI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— <:55. »9:15. U:W a. m., "1:43.
1:15. 4:00, 8:15. »6:13, 8:40 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays aad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. *10:00, *11:M a. m.. *ldi
1:13. MUi. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to' SAN FRANCISCO.
WKEK DAYS— 6:25. -5:30. 7:45. »:3O a. m..
•11:30. 1:43. *S:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at C:4S and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :20. »8:00. »10:C0, *U:t5 a. m..
i »1MO. »2:13. 4:45. •«:») p. m.
Trains marked <*> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:43. 7:5*. 3:30 a. m..
1 12-35. 1:10. J:30. 4:54. 5:20 D. m.
' EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
I and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
! SUNDAYS- 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 1:15. 1:34.
i:oo. « « Through trains.
1 5:55 a. m. week daya— Caaadero and way sta-
tion*. \
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalea and way sta-
tions.
1:00 a. m. Sundays — Toraales and way *t*-
tlons.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
. Le4f»e Markst-street FeTry Depot.
Lvt. Ean Francisco. >:00 a rn .1:10 p m 1:00 p a
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p ra 7:1S p m 11:C5 p m
** Merced 2:42 p mi 1:1S a n»
•• Fresno 4:20 pm 3:05 a m
- Vlnalla «:00 p m 4:» a ca
- Tular* «:tt pm J:10 a ra
•• Hanford 5:33 p m T:09 a m
- Bakersfleld ... 8:W p m 7:30 a n»
** D«cver 10:C0 a m •
** Kansas City... S:15 p ra
** Chicago ":4a a m
It n. train Is the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives a; 6 i»- m. daily.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresoondlag
train arrives 11:03 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspcnd-
lac train arrives at S a. m. daliy.
OFFICK.S— «41 Market »t. and In Ferry Dept-t.
S Ik Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JP^rt-S^A '»-?"» tkEJk&iill *T. K3taollinea
K^II^SiSl ln i^ 3 * toi the tr-ntmeiit oi Private
aTSJL3W^\« Diseases, LiO«t ilaiiti.HHl Debility or
sKXS^:«H« <li«ee»e on bcvlyaaa minaa::d
i^ii"-* jf-M'itl >kln Dlseest-a rhf 'iocujrcurejwhon
Trv hire Charsre* low
*'ni-««»ii»riiini»e <¦ CallorwritM
Or. J. *'- biBBOS. Box 1937. Saa Fiaaciaco
Weekly Gall, $1 pep Year
OCEAN THAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Fmndsco:
1 1 nT 1 1 For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
nfleJK. Oct - *¦ s - 1S - "• !3 - 2S - N " 0T - -'¦
EsMr>3^W* Change to company's st?am-
ImRsfXS^I en at Seattle.
MX&j&SA^K"§ For Victoria. Vancouver fB
t"Tmlni'* g^l *"•¦'• Port Townnmd, S»attl»,
f^^^fcgtffis-^ Tacoroa. Everett. Anaccrti»«
"**wBt and New Whatcom (Wa»h.)—
11 a. m.. Oct. 4, S, IS. 18. 23. 21.
Nev 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Chang*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Oct. 5.
10. 15, 20. 25, 30, Nov. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Pan "Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ferd CPan Lois Oblspo). Sarta. Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anreles) — U a.
m.. Oct. 4. !, 12. 16. 20. 24. 23. Nor. 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos Port Harford (San L«ls Oblspo). Gavlota.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San P»dro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newoort—*
a m.. Oct. 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 16. JO. Nov. 3. j
and every fourth day thereafter.
For En*anada. Matrdalena Bay. San Jose d»l ;
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La' Pa*. Santa Ro*all» !
»nd Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. - . '
For further Information obtain company s !
folders. ' i
The company reserves the right to chang» !
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing ,
W TICKKT ("kficE-I New Montgomery j
street (Palace Hotel). .• .'J '¦'-
GOODALL. PEFKTNP * CO.. Gen.. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE O. ( R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMER8 TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street "Wharf at 10 A. M.
CADC fcl2-Flrst Class.- Including Berth
lAnC 58 Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Oct. S. IS. 25. Nov. *
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails... Oct 10, in. 30
Short Line to -Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and' all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. OfnTal Agent.
C30 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS * CO..
¦ Superintendents. ¦
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received en board oa day j
of sallirc- ;
SS. AMERICA MARL.^.^..^..^.^^ J
SS. HONGKONGMAR^.^^^.^
BS. NIPPON MARU~... ...................... '
Thursday. December I. 1W
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fqx
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of Flr^t. .
W. H. A VERY. Oneral A cent.
SOKPAGNre GESffcaL 1 ? TRAKSATLASTiaCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE.PARI3. enmm
Sailing even- Thursday. Instead «f <s7r*T>
Saturday, from November S, 1833. at*-*i*v-£=>
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot ot
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE. Oct. 11: LA
LORRAINE. Oct. 18: LA BRETAGNE. Oct. 23:
LA TOURAINE. Nov 1. First class to Havre.
$55 and upward. Second class to Havre. J42 M»
and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadwav
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FTIOAZI
* CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
BAY AND RIVEll STEAMERS.
FiuXNAYY^
Steamer . " Monticollo."
HON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thum. and Sat. at 3:O
a. m.. 8:15. 8:30 p. m. <ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and %:20: Sundays. 10:S0 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and offl>e Mi?»lor.-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE 80o
BAJXROAD TRAVEL
MOUNT TAMALPAlTinw^
Leaves San Francisco, via SausaliW Ferry;
WEEK DAYS... .9:15 a. m.: 1:45 and 4:CO p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:13 p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$140.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
Ticket Offices, 821 Market it.: Saunalito Ferry.
jn7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
October 13. at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 175 Noe street, between Fourteenth and
Fifteenth. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HILLYER— In this city. October 8, 1900, Alford
J.. beloved husband of Katie Hillyer, and
father of Annie, Irene. Walter, and Alford
Hillyer. a native, of- Bristol. . England, aged
37 years.
(^•Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to -attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EXFuneral this day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Charles
H. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason street, between
O'FarreU and Geary.
HASSKTT— In this city, October 10, 1900. Johni
Hassett. son of W. H. Hassett, and brother of
Annie and Joseph Hassett and E. P. and J. T.
Butler, a native of California, aged 17 years.
CXNotice of | funeral hereafter.
HEIZMAN— In this city, October 10. 1900.
George Henry, dearly beloved hueband of
Martha Heizman, father of Lottie and George
Heizman Jr., beloved son of Magdalena and
the late John Heizman, and brother of Mrs.
R. Grabau. Mrs. E. Goeckerltz of Santa
Clara and Mrs. George Strlppel, a native of
Ean Francisco, aged 31 years 9 months and 20
days. A member of Gesellschaft Teutonia.
CTT'rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from McGinn Bros.'
funeral parlors, thence to St. Michael's
Church, Ocean View, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his eouI, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDMONDSON— In this city. October 10, 1900.
Holt Edmondeon, beloved husband of Mary
Jane Edmondson. and father of Mrs. H. P.
Wilson, a native" of Manchester, England,
aged 51 years and 3 months.
FITZGERALD— In this city. October 9, 1900,
William W. Fitzgerald, a native of Wiscon-
sin.- aeed 75 years and 1 day.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DAHL— In Oakland/ October 8, 1900. Charles J
¦ Dahl. a native of Norway, aged 72 years and
10 days. j
DRISCOLL— In Ocean View. October 9. 1900,
Timothy, beloved husband of the late Cath-
. erine Drlscoll, a native of Clonakllty, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 79 years.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 65 Clementina street, thence to St
Brendan's Church, where a solemn high re^
qulem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COSTELLO— In this city, October 10, 1900 at
his residence, 19 Julian avenue. Joseph *M
dearly beloved eon of Bridget and the late
John Costello, brother of Catherine Coetello
Mrs. Daniel Eheehan, Mrs. Joseph W Mc-
I Tlgue and the late Lawrence J. and John F.
Costello, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years and 2 days.
i R~ D. BARTON, Sec.
BARNES— In the City^aad County Hospital,
October 10, 1M0. Claude Barnes, a. native of
Alabama, aeed 24 years.
BOYD—In this city. October 10, 1900, William
F., beloved husband of Kate Boyd, and
brother of Robert Boyd and Mrs. J. K. Mer-
tens, a native of San Francisco, aged 36
years.
BUTLER— In this city, October 9, 1900, John,
beloved husband of Johanna Butler, and
father of William, John, Thomas, Dennis,
Josephine and James Butler, a native of Bal-
lymartle. County Cork, Ireland, aged 59 years
4 months and 10 days.
Hill Cemetery-
MEMBERS of the Parlor are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral. By order of
DR. F. II. CRANZ, Pres.
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 772 Folsom street, thence to
Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street. N. B.—
Funeral under the auspices of Sequoia Par-
lor No. 160, N., S. G. 1 W. Interment Laurel
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
pXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 222,
I. O. O. F. Cremation at Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. Remains at the funeral parlors of Bun-
ker & Lunt, 2C66 Mission street. Mission Ma-
sonic Temple.
ASHMAN— In this city, October 9, 1900, Alonzo
Richard, beloved son of Sarah E. and the late
Richard T. Ashman, and brother of John H.,
Frederick J. and William T. Ashman and
Mrs. J. Totheroh, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years 3 months and 29 days.
ADAMS— In this city, October 9, 1900, Joseph
W. Adams, a native of Maine, aged -C5 years
1 month and 9 days.
DIED.
Adams, Joseph W. McNearney, Bridget
Ashman. Alonzo R. Miller. John H..M.D.
Barnes, Claude Moritzon Jacob
Boyd. William »F. Muller. Nicolaus
Butler. John O'Connell. Elizabeth
Coetello, Jo6eoh SL Peterson. Isabel
Dahl, Charles J. Runge, Florence M.
Drlscoll. Timothy Schllemann. Margai-
Edmondson. Holt ethe
Fitzgerald. Wm. W. Schmidt, Lena
Hassett, John Shattuck, Mrs. Delia
Heizman, George H. Smack, Irene
Hillyer. Alford J. Tam, Arslno
Hunt, Mattle Watklns. Rev. F. C.
Jarvis. Catherine S. Wulfr. Catherine
Low, Mrs.Wllhelmine Yingllng. Harvey A.
McGoldrick, Wm. T. Zabel, Lilian M.
NICOLETTI-NEUMANN-In Oakland. Octo-
ber 7, 1900, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, Alfred
K. Nicoletti and Hildagard Neumann.
PENNYCOOK— STACKPOLE— In this city, Oc-
tober 10, 1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, William E. Pennycook and Annie
Stackpole, both of San Francisco.
SLOCUM-SUTCLIFFE— In this city, October 6,
1S0O, by the Rev. A. B. L. Karney. chaplain
of Seamen's Institute. Ingram B. islocum and
Gertrude Sara Sutcliffe, both of San Fran-
clsco.
SMITH-WYCKOFF— In this city, October 10.
1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Alonzo E. J. Smith and Martha D. Wyckoff.
both of San Francisco.
TAYLOR— ANTHONY— In this city, October 10,
1W0. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Frank Augustus Taylor and Sarah Alvla May
Anthony, both of Jackson, Amador County,
CaK -
BENTLEY-JACK— In this city. October 10.
1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
James La Forest . Bentley of Sutter Creek,
editor Amadcr County Democrat, and Hen-
rietta Willimetta Jack of San Jose.
ELLIOTT— PESANTE— In this city, October 10,
1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Harry. Elliott of SaH Francisco and Annie
Pesante of Salinas, Monterey County.
JENSEN-JOHNSOX-In this city, October 7,
1900, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Hans Jen-
sen and Meta Johnson.
KRACKE— BLEDSOE— In this city, October 10.
1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Frederick Charles Kracke and Nellie Vin-
cent Bledsoe, both of San Francisco. ¦
MOONEY— BLEDSOE— In this city. October 10,
1900, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Robert W. Mooney and Stella Kittle Bledsoe,
both of San Francisco.
MOELLER-MAASSIK— In Oakland, October (.
1600. by the Rev. J. H. Theiss. Carl William
Mot-ll-r of Healdsburg and Kriedericke Mag-
MARRIED.
BORN.
HARNET— In this city, October 6. 1900. to the
wife of Jamrs H. Harney, a' son.
ROCHE— In this city, October J, 1900, to the
wife of Marshall Roche, a son.
SPEIER— In this city, September 26, 1900, to
the wife of G. Speier, a daughter.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Emll Belli, 25. 140S Polk street, and Julia
61ml, 22, 415 Bay street.
Ursen G. Ormsby. 24, Seattle, and Agnes Me-
Namee, 19, Seattle.
Albert U. Bobleter. 28, 6 Turk street, and
Barbara V. von Heinzmann, 19, Hotel Marechal
Nlel.
Samuel James Lee, 37, city, and Agnes Laura
Starkey Morton, 27. city.
John Dastrevtgne. 28, Stockton, and Roslne
Husues, 22, Stockton.
Charles F. Goez, 29, 19 Germanla avenue, and
Marie Klass. 23, 1506 Ellis street.
James J. Callen. 34. 312 Vallejo street, .and
Annie E. Konig. 27, 312 Vallejo street.
Anton L. Larsen, 23, city, and Edla Krong-
QUlst. 22, city.
William Pierce, 25, Sulsun, and Lottie M.
Bauman. 2S. Sulsun.
Chresten M. Tacker, 29, Oakland, and Petrea
C. Krack. 25. Oakland.
James L. Bentley, 44, Sutter Creek, and Hen-
rietta W. Jack, 46, San Jose.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
U. S. ENGINEER office, Flood bldg., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., Oct. 8, 1900— Sealed proposals for
constructing a wharf and tramway at Point
Bonita, Cal., will be received here until 12
m., November 8,' 1900, and then publicly
opened. Information furnished on applica-
catlori. CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS. Maj.. Eng"r3.
' PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 223, Crocker building, San Fran-
cisco. Cal., October 1, 1890— Coupon No. 7, due
October 12, 1900, from first mortgage Bix (6)
per cent bonds of Sierra Ry. Co. of Cal., will
be paid at the fiscal arency of this company,
the Crocker- Wool worth National Bank, on
and after that date.
¦¦¦ «••-¦-'--*¦ S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. S4 (25c feer
fhare) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. No. 327 Market st.. on and after
Saturday*, October 20, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. October 13. 1900. at 12
° clock m. E. H. SHELDON,. Secretary.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
' Building Association, and for the parents and
relatives of the living members, will be sung
in St. Dominic's Church this day (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock.
HUNT— In this city, October 10, 1900, Mattle
Hunt of Visalla. wife of S. B. Hunt, and
mother of Mrs. M. C. Zumwalt of Tulare and
Evelyn. Ltllie, Claude and Clarence Hunt,
ased 54 years. . ¦ ¦ ¦> ¦ - ¦ '
; CTFrlends are invited to attend the funeral
services this day (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock,
at Woodrow'n undertaking parlors. San Jose.
JARVIS— In Alameda, October 10. 1900, Cath-
erine S. Jarvis, wife of John W. Jarvis, and
mother of "Mrs. Anita' A. Brewer and Mrs.
Kate C. Lubben. a native of Charlestown,
'Mass., aged CO years 1 month and 23 days.
LOAV— In this city. October 9, 1900. Mrs. Wil-
helmine Low, beloved mother of Mrs. Henry
Wilson, a native of Germany,' aged 77 years 3
months and 14 days.
IT7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dierks, S57 Mission street, and thence
by 3:S0 o'clock train to Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery for cremation.. Please omit flowers.
McGOLDRICK— In this city. October 10, 1900,
William T., beldved son of William and the
late Mary McGoldrick, and brother of John
M., Henry P., Daniel J. and Edward J. Mc-
Goldrick, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years 7 months and 10 days.
McNEARNEY— In this city, October 10, 1900,
Bridget, relict of the late Martin McNearney.
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 57
years and 8 months.
GTRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Interment pri-
vate.
MILLER— In San Leandro, October 9, 1900, John
Howard Miller, M.D.. beloved husband of
Elizabeth Hughes Miller, and father of
Charles H. Miller, M.D., and Rev. Edward
H., Harold A. and Ethel B.. Miller, a native
of Michigan, aged 58 years 3 months and 7
days.
|C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday). Public services at Presbyterian
Church, San Leandro, at 1 o'clock. Interment
private.
MORITZOX— In the City and County Hospital,
October 10, 1900, Jacob Moritzon, a native of
Germany, aged 44 years.
MULLER-In Alameda, October 8, 1900, Nlco-
laus Muller, beloved husband Catharlna
Muller. and father of Henry, Lena and Nich-
olas Muller and Mrs. J. F. Schomer and the
late C. A. Muller, and brother of .D. Muller,
Mrs. H. Delling, Henry Muller and Mrs.
Wllle, a native of Germany, aged 62 years 8
•'months and 2 days.
(C7"FrIend!> and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this da.y
(Thursday), at 11:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence, corner Bay street and Santa Clara
avenue, via the 1 o'clock creek boat. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
O'CONNKLL— In Tlburon, October 9. 1900,
Elizabeth O'Connell, mother of Dennis, Nora,
Katie and the late Jeremiah O'Connell, a na-
tive of the parish of Kllnamartyra, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years. ;
IC3*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), on the arrival of the 9:40 o'clock
boat from Tlburon. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city. October 10. 1900, Isa-
bel, dearly beloved daughter of George ,W.
and Mary Peterson, sister of George, Irene,
Robert, Adelaide, Verna and, Harold Peterson,
and granddaughter of the late Daniel and
Elizabeth O'Neil, a native of San Francisco,
aged 14 years 11 months and 1 day.
RUNGE— In this city, October 8, 1900, Florence
•M.. dearly beloved daughter of John F. and
Emma H. Runge, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 months and 10 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 26 Bennington street, near
Cortland avenue. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
SCHLIEMANN— In this city, October 9. 1900.
Margarethe Schllemann, dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. John Lembke. Henry Schlle-
mann and the late Mrs. Martin Fischer, a
native of Colmar. Germany, aged 82 years 2
months and 2 days. >
CyKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. John Lembke,
6G9 Shotwell street, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
SCHMIDT— In this city, October ID, 1900, Lena,
beloved wife of Henri' Bchmldt, mother of
Mrs. C. H. Kopicke. and sister of Mrs. M. C.
Dettner, a native of New Orleans, La., aged
47 years and 1 day.
(C7"Funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock,
from her late residence, 73 Pond street, be-
tween Sixteenth and Seventeenth. Noe and
Sanchez. Interment private.
SHATTUCK— In this city. October 10. 1900.
Mrs. Delia P. Shattuck. mother of D. D..
F. W., C..C., J. H. and W. C. Shattuck. Mrs.
L. A. Pike. Mrs. M. J. Case and Mrs. Hattle
E. Tlghe, aged 91 years 3 months and 5 days.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2
o'clcok, at 7CS4 Valencia street. .
SMACK— In this city, October 9, 1900, Irene,
dearly beloved daughter of F. A. and Wini-
fred Smack, and beloved sister of Frank
Smack, a native of Salt Like City, Utah, aged
9 years 11 months and 21 days.
m^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her aunt, Mrs. Frank J. Egan. 2117
Mission street, thence to St. Charles Borro-
meo'8 Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
TAM-In this city, October 7. 1S00. Arslno Tam.
dearly beloved husband of Mary Tam, father
of Rossle Tam and Dr. J. A., Antonio. Alblna
and Mary Delucchl. and brotner of William
Tam, Jackson, Amador County: also two
nephews, Ottavlo and Natale T, Giacomlnl, a
native ot Villa dl Chlavenna, province ot
Sondiio, Italy, aged 62 years.
(ETRemains will be removed to his late
residence. Volcano, Amador County.* Cal
this day (Thursday), from Valente, Marinl
& Co.'s undertaking parlors, 1524 Stockton
street. Funeral Sunday, October 14.
W ATKINS— In this city, October 10, 1900, Rev.
Fernando C. Watklns. beloved husband of
Mary E. Watklns. and father of Elmer, Mabel
and Edna Watklns a native of Indiana, aged
45 years 7 months and 3 days.
C7Remains at the funeral parlor* of
Charles H. Jacob & Co., 313 Mason street,
between O'FarreU and Geary, and will be
shipped this day (Thursday), at 7:30 a. m.
to Lakeport. Lake County, Cal., where fu-
neral services will be held to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 10 o'clock.
WULFF— In this "city, October 10. 1900. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Peter Wulff.
and mother of Annie, Margarethe, Peter,
John, Willie and Carl Wulff, a native of
Germany, aged 51 years 4 months and 27 days.
YIKGL1NG— In this city, October 9. 1900, Har-
vey A. Yingiing, a_ native of Maryland, aged
29 years.
ICT'Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, ' from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason
street, between OTarrell and Geary. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery..
ZABEL— In this city, October 10, 1900, Lilian
May, beloved wife of Charles Zabel, and
mother of Charley, Nellie, Mamie and Hazel
Zabel, a native of South Dakota, aged 31
years and 8 months.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIfl.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Paul... Oct. 17 St. Paul... ......Not. 7
6t Louis.. .Oct. i4 St. Louis.. .......Nov. 14
New York .Oct. 31 New York.... ...Nov. 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland*.... Oct. 17 Friesland .......Nov, 7
Kensington .... .Oct. 24 Southwark Nov. 14
Noordland .......Oct. 31 • .....Nov. 17
For freight and passage "apply to •
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery et. Or any of lu aaTnta.
OCEANIC 8. S. CO.-HONOLITLU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS. QUEEN (Honolulu only)
.......Wednesday, October 17. 2 p. m.
SS. ALAMEDA to New Zealand and Aus-
tralia ....Wednesday." October SI. S p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti. .r.......".
...... r........ Thursday. November 1; « p. m.
j. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freiflht Office. 327 Market SL
hfcNRY J. GALLAGHER c J..
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher/.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMER3.
V) FUth at., opposite Lincoln School,
— Telephone South SO.Chicago Tailoring Co., now In thrir new store,
US Grant ave. Clothes. on credit. ¦ *
i •
John A. Cook, a plumber, residing in
Oakland, tiled :i petition in Insolvency yes
terday in the United States District
Court. He owfs $2030 04 and he lias no
assets. v ¦-,, -. ¦;-;
An Insolvent Plumber.
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been establishea in the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor in
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving in the transfer of their
baggage, our rates ¦ being ."lower."" '-Don't
give up your checks on the trains, .\lor
ton Special Delivery. 4us Taylor street ;«nd
C50 Market street. ¦-¦-¦. . . * .
M. ('.. HaBsctt nntl A. G. are
contemplating resignation from the purity
committee for the local Democratic-judl
tiary ticket. Max Popi»T. has already ro
signod. Hass«tt nntl Mnguire say. that If
tholr resignations are sent In there will
be nothing In that act significant of lack
of harmony. They are both members of
the organization committee of the County
Central Committee, and In that capacity
they . may be required to do thlnps that
they could not approve of as members of
the purity committee. They are not
enamored of the dual capacity and will
probably resign from the purity commit
tee.- *;¦•-=?••:-' "
Purity Committee Resignations.
This favorite steamer, under command of
Captain I.awl*-ss. will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming islands of the
S'-uth Sean have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring 30 to <0 days, but the time of new
steamship service will be lOVa days. Ask for
particulars of the low excursion rate at 643
The Australia for Tahiti.
Interstate Association Prepares for a
Big Meet of Several Days, Begin
ning November 12.
The Interstate Coursing Association met
last night at Pythian Castle and trans
acted all business preliminarv to the an
nual open coursing meet, which will be
held this year at Modesto on November 13
and following days.
Robert K. Malcom presided at the meet
ing. Without much discussion It was de
cided that Modesto would offer more con
veniences and more favorable coursing
opportunities than Merced. Grounds prop
erly conditioned for open country cours
ing are not more than two miles distant
from Modesto and it ls to this place the
coursing men will move early next month.
The event will be an open stake, Jo en
try money, entries closing the nighr of
the draw at Pythian Castle, on Satur
day. November 10. Prizes will be arranged
at the same time by nominators.
Great Interest Is manifested In the open
coursing programme this year, and It is
thought no difliculty will be found in get
ting a stake of at least sixty-four entries.
OPEN COURSING WILL
BE HELD AT MODESTO
Marries Seven Couples Between 11
O'clock in the Morning, and
10:40 at Night.
•Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor of
the Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church, broke his best record for mar
riages yesterday. He oftlciated at seven
weddings between 11 o'clock In the morn-
Ing and 10:40 at night.
The first couple came to the minister's
residence, 693 Howard street, at 11 o'clock
In the morning. They were Joseph L..
Forest Bently of Sutter Creek and Mrs.
Henrietta Jack of San Jose. The groom
is editor of the Amador County Demociat.
At 7:05 p. m. Dr. Wilson married Alonzo
E J. Smith and $liss Martha W. Wyckoff
at the home of the bride's parents. 116
Perry street. Fifteen minutes later, at
46Vi Clara street, he said the words that
made Harry. Klllott of San Francisco and
Miss Annie Pesante of Salinas husband
and wife.
Fifteen minutes more gave Mr. \\ iison
time to return to his residence, and there
he found awaiting him Frank Augustus
Taylor, superintendent "of an Amador
mine, and Miss Sarah Olivia May An
thonv. also of Jackson, Amador County,
and "they were married without waste of
time.
William G. Pennycook, chief electrician
for the city, and Miss Annie Stackpole,
also of San Francisco, were the next on
the list. They wero married at 8:30 o'clock
at the residence of the bride's parents,
2C15 Folsom ctreet.
The finish of the record-breaking per
formance was strong. Where they had
been coming in'slngle couples two couples
appeared at the parsonage at 10:30 o'clock.
The brides ¦ to -be . were Blstere and a large
party of friends accompanied them. Fred
erick Charles Kracke and- Miss Nellie Vin
cent Bledsoe were • married first, ami at
10:40 o'clock Robert W. Mooney and Atlss
Stella Kittle Bledsoe were pronounced
husband and wife. AH of these four re-
Bide In Ban Francisco. r -"Y:-
REV. DR. WILSON BREAKS
HIS RECORD FOR WEDDINGS
Henry E. Highton's Address.
Henry E. Hlghton will speak at Metro
politan Temple next Tuesday, night. He
will tell why he intends to vote, for Mc-
Kinley, though he has been a Democrat
all his life, and still is one. He believes
that Bryan reprsents European "democ
cracy, and not American democracy, and
he cannot givo him his support.
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying see
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. 123 Ellis.*
A Fireman Injured.
Hook and Ladder Truck No. 4, while
going to a fire yesterday afternoon, tipped
over on Van Ness avenue. The firemen
Jumped and escaped Injury, with one ex
ception. C. Hogan was so- badly bruised
and shaken up that it was found neces
sary to take him to his home. •?
Ladles' tailor-made suits, ellk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 526 Sutter. •
Dr. Ellinwood Sued.
John M. Aldrlch has sued Dr. Charles
N. Ellinwood to recover $20,000 damages
for malpractice. Aldrlch alleges that Dr.
Ellinwood Improperly treated- him when
he was suffering with a fracture of the
right leg.
The merit of the artistic furniture of the
Rossi Co. of and Imported to this
city by the P. Rossi. Co., 229 Sutter st., has
again been attested by the reward of the
first grand gold medal at the Paris Expo
sition. The selections of the San Fran
cisco branch have been vastly enhanced by
the arrival of some of the gems of the
Paris collection. Several water colors,
small, but rare, are attracting much at
tention, while the variety of artistic fur
niture, bronzes, statuary, oil paintings
and curios will Interest tho lovers of art. •
Exhibits of Paris in This City.
Republican Candidates Speak at En
thusiastic Meeting at Tilton Hall.
The Forty-first District Republicans
held a well , attended meeting at Tilton
Hall, on Union street between Gough and
Octavia, last night. Congressman Loud
was to have addressed the meeting, but
he - was unable to be : present.
Thomas Carllns was chairman of tho
evening. Speeches were made by a num
ber of ( candidates, including Henry S.
Dibble, Davis L6uderback. Judge Joach
imsen, Percy V.* Long, D. J.- Murphy: and
Thomas F. Graham. W. S. Gannon and
Benjamin : Penniman also discussed local
and* national Issues. ; ¦ - -
.- ... ¦;>¦>-— .' ? .'_
Law Students Republican Club.'
The Hastings College of Law Repub-
FOBTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
General Carr has been assigned to Cali
fornia, Oregon and Washington by the
National Committee. He snoke last night
at San Bernardino to a large audience,
,and the local committee : was so well
pleased that it : telegraphed to the State
Central Committee that General Carr had
given them a great speech.
As an orator General Carr stands In the
front rank of political speakers. His
speech seconding the nomination of John
A. Logan for Vice President | In 18S4 - gave
him a reputation throughout the country
General Carr was Minister to 'Denmark
during Harrison's administration.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee is making arrangements for a' great
meeting at Metropolitan Temple to-mor
row night. General Clark E.Carr of Illi
nois, one of the most famous campaigners
in the party, will be the orator.
Metropolitan Temple To-morrow
Night.
GENEBAL CLARK ' E. ; CABB.
Orator From Illinois WilL Speak at
It Is now understood that Senators Bard
and Perkins will not ask the President to
appoint ' Colonel Jackson's successor as
Collector of Customs of the Port of San
Francisco until after election. The Sena
tors have not yet agreed on a recommen
dation.
At the Occidental Hotel yesterday Sena
tor Bard received many callers and lis
tened to suggestions pertaining to the fit
ness of the several candidates. It ap
pears that the friends "of Major Frank
McLaughlin have requested that the Sena
tors recommend his appointment.
Frank L. Coombs, Republican nomine©
for Congress In the First District, was
in town yesterday, having Just returned
from an extended tour of Slsklyoti and
Shasta counties. He addressed largo au
diences and was cordially. greeted tty the
voters. Mr. Coombs is en route to Hum
bold t County.
The Twenty-third Assembly District ls
a subdivision of the Eleventh Senatorial
District, which Is composed of the coun
ties of Marin and Contra Costa, and
there the Democratic campaign is com
plicated if not energetic. J. Emmet Hay
den is the Democratic candidate for the
Assembly arid James "WUkins is the nomi
nee of the party for State Senator. Mr.
Wilklns was practically forced into the
contest because the Southern Pacific Com
pany wanted a well known and popular
candidate to run against Charles M. Bel
shaw. whose legislative career ls not
commended by the railroad. When ques
tions came before the Legislature involv
ing the interests of the people on one
side and the desires of. the corporation
on the other, Mr. Belshaw deemed it his
duty to speak and vote for the people.
The agents of the company's political
bureau fancied that Mr. Belshaw should
have divided his attentions— that a speech
for the - people and a I vote for. the road
would have been a fair division. As Mr.
Belshaw went on record every time'as the
representative of the people In the As
sembly the corporation apprehends that
he will adhere- to the same line of con
duct In the Senate, hence a special ef
fort ls put forward to elect "his opponent-
Mr. Wilkins.
Agents of the railroad In their zeal to
help Mr. Wliklns fancied that- a point
could be gained In Marin County, by knif
ing J. Emmet. Hayden, the Democratic
candidate for 1 the :, Assembly. The knif
ing ls in progress, but <the friends of Mr.
"Wilkins assert that he Is not concerned
in the raid against a fellow Democrat on
the legislative ticket. : It Is asserted .that
Mr. Wilkins has protested-: against' the
double dealing, and distinctly announced
that he would rather be defeated -than
. secure an election by unfair means. 1
Friends of Mr. Hayden are not satisfied*
with . the explanation and threaten to
make reprisals by voting for Mr., Belshaw.
They claim that they have positive proof
that leaders In the flght\forrMr. ,wfiklns
are secretly plotting against Mr. Hayden;
Mr. Belshaw is meanwhile . making a an
energetic canvass of the Senatorial Tdis
trlct and the Indications are that he will
receive a substantial majority. ., ¦
Mean Club was organized last night with
a membership of seventy-three. The com
mittee on permanent organization report
ed Its selection of the following as per
manent officers: President, R. G. Hud
son; vice presidents, T. D. Aitken and Ed
Plttzler; secretary, . Henry G. Thiele;
treasurer, C. Rush. The officers consti
tute the campaign committee of the club.
The committee on permanent organization
was composed of J. T. Brown, H. G.
Thiele and Thomas D. Altkcn.
Detective Harry Reynolds swore out a
warrant in Judge Conlan's court for Cole's
arrest yesterday. An officer will probably
be sent to Sacramento for him to-day.
Chief of Police Sullivan received a dis
patch from the head of the Sacramento
Police Department last night informing
hlrn that "Curley" Cole, who shot Thomas
fallon at 422 Dupont street last Monday,
was in jail in that city.
The dispatch states that Cole was cap
tured by Detectives John Fitzgerald and
Max Pusher and Policeman Bagley in a
Chinaman's cabin on the river bank bev
eral miles above the city.
Man Who' Shot Thomas Fallon Is
Captured in a Chinaman's
Cabin.
"CTJTRXEY" COLE IS IN
JAIL AT SACRAMENTO
Will Not Be Filled Until After Election.
Campaign in Marin County.
VACANCY IN THE OFFICE
OF COLLECTOR OF CUSTOMS
If a tall, slim young man with a dark
complexion and wearing clothes that
match it calls at your residence and
asks leave to examine your gas me
ter beware of him. He has about aa
much interest in your meter as the aver
age householder has in the moon.
This mysterious individual has been
making the rounds in the residence dis
tricts for the purpose of appropriating
valuables, or laying plans for a future
surreptitious visit. The police believe he
is a burglar and are keeping a very sharp
lookout for him. The housewife who im
agines him to be a gas inspector and ad
mits him "into her home regrets it. He
usually repays her hospitality by taking
a gold or siiver token as a memento of
his visit. If he don't take anything It if
because he is watched too closely.
The Police ¦ Department has recently
heard of the stranger's peculiar method
and is making every effort to become
better acaualnted with him. He Is a
bashful Inspector and refuses. to be Intro
duced to any of Chief Sullivan's handy
men. *
The bogus inspector visited the home of
Mrs. J. C. Murphy, 1S24B Howard street.
yesterday and that lady conferred a ben
efit on the department by Instantly report
ing his visit to an officer. The alleged in
spector suavely- asked Mrs. Murphy
whether she had much trouble with the
gas meter. Receiving a negative answer
the polite crook asked If she was being
charged too much for gas and Mrs. Mur
phy, like a thrifty housewife, imagined
she was and admitted the fact to her
questioner.
"Well, I think I can fix things for you
If you let me go upstairs,"' he replied.
and before the surprised woman could de
mur he was half way up the flight. She
was naturally suspicious of her visitor
and watched him closely. After he had
made a casual examination of the meter
and departed she notified the policeman
on the beat about her visitor. Like a du
tiful officer he reported the occurrence
to his superiors and as his description tal
lied with that of the stranger already re
ported at headauarters the entire force
was ordered to keep a sharp lookout for
him. »
THE police are looking for a mis
creant who repaid hospitality with
robbery. Mrs. Antonette Swanson.
who resides at 790 Pennsylvania
avenue, Potrerc. was the victim,
and she reported the robbery to the po
lice a half hour after it happened.
According to the story told by Mrs.
Swanson she was engaged in washing
dishes in the Dantry about 8:30 o'clock
yesterday morning when she heard some
one at the door, and upon lopklng around
discovered a thick-set man of the tramp
species. The fellow abjectly begged for
something to eat and the woman was
either afraid to refuse his appeal or out
of sympathy granted it. She invited him
into the kitchen and food before him.
He ate heartily and asked for a second
cup of coffee, which he hastily swal
lowed.
The sca'mp evidently knew that Mrs.
Swanson was alone in the house, and
when he arose from the table, instead of
thanking her for her kindness he roughly
demanded money. She replied that she had
none and he threateningly answered that
she had or should have some in the
house.
Mrs. Swanson was so frightened that
she was unable to cry out for help. Sh<?
either fainted from fear or the scoundrel
struck her. When she regained conscious
ness a half hour later she found a nap
kin stuffed in her mouth and her pockets
turned inside out.
Weak with fear she staggered over to
a neighbor's house and told what had
happened. An examination of her rooms
disclosed that the fellow had opened up
bureau drawers and ransacked trunks in
his search for valuables. The police were
Immediately notified and are now dili
gently searching, for an Italian five feet
six inches In height, who wears a stubby
mustache, speaks broken English and ls
about 30 years old. He has a low fore
head and is rather stout. The ruffian
wore a short sack coat, greasy trousers
and a woolen shirt.
Mrs. Swanson told Detective Cody, who
was detailed on the case by Captain of
Detectives Seymour, that she had $20 in
the house concealed in a closet, but the
brutal robber failed to get it.
¦rttb hardly a. dollar; and just what part
she will play in the litigation is what is
:<-iw claiming the attention of the law
yers. She Is a. Madame L. Le Bachalle,
and she keeps a :odging-!iouse at 630 Clay
Hreet. which was established for her by
Her.arie before he died.
It has been charged that Henarie had
for his mistress the first wife of Louis
Radgetky, and this was the basis of a
suit for divorce, afterward dropped,
brought by Ivlrs. Henarie ten or twelve
years ago. but it was not known except
by a very few, liadgesky among the num
ber, that there was another woman as
veil. Madame I/e Bachalle, when she
:irst met Henarie. was the wife of a
Vrench nobleman who came out hore to
*r,gage in the banking business, but fail
ing, look to mining instead. He failed in
the mines also, and returned home, leav
ing his young ¦wife at the Orleans Hotel
In Sacramento, then kept by Henarie. 1:
wa? his intention to send for his wife as
soon as he was able, but before he did so
she becajne Infatuated with Henarie and
decided to remain with him. This ¦was
in the early fifties. A child was born to
them, but it died when but five days old.
She was a Catholic, and being unable to
secure a divorce from her husband she
could not marry Her.arie, so the two lived
together without the law's sanction until
in 1&54 Henarie met and married Mrs.
Hosley. the present claimant for v
widow's share of the estate. His relations
with Madame Le Bachalle did not stop
then, however, nor after, and up to the
time of hi? death Henarie paid her regu
larly a monthly allowance. She had
loaned him some money after a fire in
Sacramrnto which destroyed his hotel
and this she claims was never paid back.
Besides, she says, before Henarie died he
told her he had put $30j0 in an envelope
and had left it in his safe, and this was
to be given to her after his death. It
was her demand for this J30JO thill
brought her s=tory to ligbt.
For some raonins after Henarie's death
Radgesky paid the woman the usual al
lowance. but he was pusper.ded as an ex
ecutor of the Henarie estate three. months
ago, and he then refused to pay anything
more to Madame Le Bachalle. She sought
to force the payment and also to secure
possession of the JSOJO she was sure Hena
rie had left for her. Falling in this she
made herself known to the attorneys in
the case and to Mrs. Henarie, the widow.
During all the years Henarie •was living
with this woman, and with others, he kept
the secret from his own wife. He was in
constant dread les-t his wife should hear
of his liaison with the French woman.
and he warned the latter that ehe must
rifver compromise him in any way. He
told her that he could not leave her any
thing in his will because it would cause a
ecandal and all he could do for her was
to leave the envelope with the $3000 for
her. He established her in the lodging
house she now keeps and he was friendly
with her up to the time of his death, but
he never spoke of her and was never seen
with her. Even the employes of his office,
who suspected that something of the kind
was going on. never saw or knew of
Madame Le Bachalle. For rw**rly fifty
years ehe was his paramour, and in all
that time Radgesky was the only pae who
kiww positively of the relationship.
Madame Le Bachalle Is 73 years old.
She has nothing to suport her but the
precarious income from her lodging
house and row that her allowance has
been stopped ehe is In more desperate
Ftraits than ever. She has no legal cause
of action for any of the estate, unless she
can make one on the money she lent Hen
arie far back In the fifties.
To the widow her appearance is an
added sting. For thirty years she lived
happily with H?narie. knowing nothing of
the French woman, and the woman's ap
pearance now robs the memory of those
years of all Jts worth.
Mrs. Henarie is an invalid. For seven
teen years she has lain helpless upon her
back, paralyzed, and the struggle she Is
making tc .«ave her share of her hus
band's rstate for her daughter is the last
the will ever make. She has not much to
look back upon, but her married life was
one bright spot in her memory. She finds
now it was all a Fham.
There Is another woman in the Her.arie
case; one that for years Jived with the
eld capitalist and at his death was left
She Was the Wife of a French Noble
man and Met the Hotel
Man in the Fif
ties.
Evidence of the Dual Life
the Capitalist Led for
Fifty Years.
ANOTHER WOMAN
APPEARS IN THE
HENARIE CASE
The bids for the new drydock at Hun
ters Point were opened last Tuesday and
so far the City Street Improvement Com
pany has proved to be the lowest bidder.
There were eleven bids, the lowest being
$40:1,000 and the highest $450,000. Each con
tractor put in a number of bids, offering
to do the work if certain different kinds
of machinery was used, at different
prices. The next bid to that of the City
Street' Improvement Company was that
of the San Francisco Bridge Company,
J40S.OOO.
Besides these wharves, two new ferry
slips are to be built on the north side of
Lombard-street wharf. These are to be
fitted with hydraulic hoisting gear and
everything about' them will bo modern.
All in all this will be one of the biggest
contracts ever entered into by the Har
bor Commission. The sum involved will
be in the neighborhood of $400,000 and
every cent of it will come out of the rev
enue of the board and rjot a cent from
the general taxpayer.
The commission has decided to build
four new wharves between Union and
Lombard streets. These are to be the
finest kind of structures and will carry
500 pounds to the square inch, whereas
the present wharves can only carry 300
pounds.
The Harbor Commissioners held one of
the most Important meetings in the his
tory of the board yesterday. When the
new ferry depot was talked about a
special act of the Legislature had to be
procured before the work could proceed.
Yesterday Commissioners Kllburn, Har
ney and Herold undertook a work of
almost equal magnitude. There was no
red tape about it and there will be no is
suing of bonds in order to carry out the
project. This Is made possible by an act
passed last year which enables the board
to anticipate five years' revenue. .
New Structures Will Be Wholly Paid
For ' Out of the Future
Revenues of th«
Board.
Harbor Commissioners De
cide to Increase Ship
ping Facilities.
FOURWHARVES
TO COST NEARLY
HALF A MILLION
A Burly Ruffian Repays
Hospitality With .
Robbery and
Abuse. ' |
Alleged Gas Inspector
Who Lays Plans 'to
Rob Houses Me
Visits.
HOUSEKEEPERS SHOULD
BAR THE DOORS TO MEN
WHO ACT SUSPICIOUSLY
THE SAN FKANCiSUO CALL, THUiiSiDAY, OCTOBKii 11, lf-Ol).
12
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
W E _ HAVE -SPECIALS" THREE
S .-,£££ H W EEK— THET MEAN
T T H O EM YOU IN BUyLNG '
Apple Butter, lb 12ic
Heinz's celebrated brand.
Rerularly 15c.
Mapie Sugar, lb I5c
New crop— guaranteed psie.
Regularly 20c.
Sponges, each 25c
Kxtra large bleached sponres.
Resularly 35c.
Ceyion lea, "Diamond Jubilee"
Recommended for strength, fragrance ar.d
flavor. Put up In lead foil packages.
XXX-H lb. aOc: 1 lb. 55c.
R«-rularly 40c and T3c.
XXXX-% lb, 4Oc; 1 lb. 75<5.
Regularly 50o and J1.00.
Yellowstone Whiskey-
Full qt bot.$l, gallon $4
. The original old-established brand.
Regularly JI.25 and J5.00.
Lily Cream, large tins, 3 for 25c
I41y evaporated cream.
Healthful, clean, economical.
Regularly ioc a tin.
Witch Hazel, bot 25c
. Relieves and cure3 cuts and wounds.
Cigarettes, " E tiVlT^ s '". 15c
Made by Monopol Tobacco Works.
Regularly 25c. '
•Key West Cigars—
"La Reputacloii" 4 for 25c; box of 60, 83
A line larjre clear Havana cigar.
Regularly 3 for 25c. SZ 50 ,a box.
Country Ordere Solicited— Catalogno Free.
39 STOCKfON ST., neap Market.
(Old Number Jl Stockton St.>
TELEPHONE MAIN 6522.
CASH 0B LITTLE-AT-A-TIME
Roman chairs $2.00 this week.
We're gettiriR ready to receive
our Christmas stock, so we need
every foot of room. We have
about six dozen of these chairs
at this price. The wood is ma-
h °e an y-
?THE J. NOONAN
Furniture company, inc..
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Phone South I*. Above 6th, San Francisco.
EYE = GLASSES
That bold without pinching.
OPERA-GLASSES
Of high power at low prices. j • •
PHOTOCRAPHIC OUTFITS
For SO cents and upwards.
Developing ami Printing.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
opticians^h^^:;;^".
642 Market St. instruments
•j/««ocr c*»om!cu BUU.DIH&. Catalogue Frec.
"DR.M9NDLTY.
tyUVA WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Special Is t<-urr.t Hloo<l Poison. Oonorrhoeo,Gle<>^
Strlctnr*-, Weakness. Impotence and their
Milled Dlnorders. Itook on Diseases of Men. free.
OverMyearsVxperience.Ternnreasonable. Hour*.
0to1dally;6:30tO!«.30ev'gs. Sund.iTs.10tn 12. C»nsal-
tatioufreeandsacredly confidential. Call oraddr«3a
P. KONCOR HeXm/lY. M. tt.
ZOH Kearny St., San Francisco* CtL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FANCY FLANNEL- ' fm^* '^-- I ACCORDEON
ANOTHER SILK WAIST SPEGIAL!
This Time All Previous Efforts
Are Excelled.
TO-DAY we're offering, best quality ' fHII FIDEIU'C DDiVVCDC
TAFFETA SILK WAISTS, trimmed UllLUKfcH 3 UKAlTtKj.
; front and back with about sixty On d^^J,",,, ¦&r».£S?F >MBr8
neat tucks; scalloped' front; they ' nairc Fnr 7Sr
come in all the new shades; sold pairs ror
throughout the city at ?5 OO; our A BIG HOSIERY SPECIAL.
price is . . . . ..... $3.65 75 dO7! '' n women's richelieu ribbed
HOSE, Hormsdorf dyo, double heel and toe
El INVEI VJ flCTv ' 20o quality, on sale at
FLANNEL. WAISTS. { 12k; a pair.
ALL-WOOL WAISTS, solid colors, WflMPN'£ l/WIT VECTC
waist and sleeves lined, all colors, «¦ »w««Ell 3-|Vlill TLJlJ.
"sizes 32x44 «1 VIC- ixrnrth «R2 P^S We , win « el1 to-day our J1.50 ALL, WOOL
Sizes iJ«5X»4, 3>|.4O» wortn 9* <** VESTS, long sleeves,, coma In ' pink, blue
or white, at ¦ - :..<....
Children's Automobile Coats. 95c.
Just D uT^o^.^F ailMiisi: ™iJ IG DR1VE IN SKIRTS.
TER LENGTHS COATS AND JACKETS. WOMEN'S FANCY MOREEN UNDER-
I We've marked some to sell at R2.OO a SKIRTS, . trimmed with ruffles, cut extra
few at 92.5O. others at *3.<K>, some at wide, all colors.our *1.00 quality, at
*4.OO and A few at $5.OO. These are the • Cf) r
KTt-atest values we've ever had In Cloaks •. lJV/ ,
and Jackcts . . Women's Flannel Underskirts
A SNAP in MUSLIN UNDERWEAR r V^e V eam ' cut
; WOMEN'S NIGHT " GOWNS, CHEMISE OR ' •" /[C r / \
; DRAWERS, trimmed with embroideries, •;. v . ,*rJW. .
Insertions and laces made up In about 15 ITPM^ HP INTPBP^T.
different styles: many or - these garments T ». o 5i ' ¦¦UrJIl I CRCai.
are worth as high as jl.00 each. To-daV we OUR IMMENSE LINE OF CHIL-
give you your choice of lot at • DREN'S AND INFANTS' ; HEADWEAR.
Just received a new' line of CHILDREN'S
¦ ¦ t : 4-5 c each AND infants- cashmere : cloaks, m
i -i-^w wuwii. , long and short lengths. , - ¦ .
I212-1214 MARKET STREET,
Bet.: Taylor and. Jcncs. ' '¦':
Manufacturers ol Women's 'and. Children's wear, retailed at wholesale prices.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Biggest
Clearance Sale
Ever Offered . .
China, Orockory, Oiasswaro,
0 Jocks, * Lamps, Jardi-
nieres, Bisque Waro,
Croy Enameled Waro,
Silver Ware, Knives,
Forks, Spoons, Dinner
Sets, Fancy Bohemian
Glassware and Every-
thing That's Beautiful
and Useful'
Lowest Prices on Earth
Cups and Saacers 7 cts
Decorated Bowls 10 cts
Glass set, 4 pieces 2 8 cts
Decorated Lamps x.oo
Jardinieres 15 cts
Dec. China Clocks i.a©
.Enameled Xea and
¦ Coffeepots _ 2 4 cts
* - Silver Plated Tea Spoons....
• •••. »et 40 cts
' Dinner set complete for 6
. ... persons, jfllt handles. 4. 70
-Dinner set. Elite Lemogc,
French China, handsomely
decorated, 100 pen. ..22.50
"We are Cutting: Prices all
to Pieces During Our Big;
Clearance Sale.
Great American Importine Tea Co.
210 Grant ave., bet. Sutter and Post sts.
861 Market st, opp. Powell."
52 Market St., Junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
PAINLESS
DENTISTRY!
Evr nines until 9. Sunday* all f
day. . ¦ t
Full Set of Teeth, pain- 4
less extractions tree..84.OO 09 I
Gold Crowns. 22-k 93 JiO up .
1 Fillings . ....¦ . 2So up ' '
- Teeth Without Plates Our '
Specialty. We rfv« gas. ' '
I ?¦«••»»•• » • ¦«»¦»»«»
"VA7V VROOM,"
lOOl MARKET,
SIXTH and MARKET.
XwmpLiii^ ininjjs in tnc
new dress goods
beauty and up-;to-clateness we select three
£-a5§^, lines for special display, the goods will be on
£p£p§£^- our counters to-day subject to your most
ilppjlfi critical inspection— but we warn you that to
[iwfg^T*^ see is to want to buy.
&;v: . ;
. \ £ fancy knickerbocker suitings a very
>^w^fe>v handsome rough surfaced material one of
this . season's most popular novelties 46
/l'^^ttMl\ inches wide— price for full suit pattern.$5.00
''fl^XluJ^^V " fancy 'camels' hair cheviots — handsome
('I- \2jll lF^^Wf?S largG desi '^ ns ~ tne P°P uIar colors
\W^- / e^^S^ ' — ver >' desirable for separate skirts — full 50
uliiPl^lif^ inches wide — per yard '. . SI .85
Xlll^lllljill fancy zibeline suitings — stylish mixtures
JMj|1?^|p^^ I > in eight of this season's most wanted colors
'jilillJ^llM *" — our own direct importation — 44 inches
ft* wide — price for full suit pattern $8.10
J«j^S^|j|l|i in this new store— center — main floor —
M\ J^ f-%- frlffcll^ are three large "bargain squares" — the class
Mi ® KPpA ' ° f £ Qods ls chan £ ed daily— the interest to
Afflp^'^ I M Illi^rV clever economical buyers is never allowed to
y^jlafj/f sl^ji^Ii^** wane — Thursday's features are notions —
jfanfcTS /^^S^^^S^ milliner}' sundries — ribbons.
979, 981, 983, 985, 987 Market Street
STOP RENTING
IBHBIP
¦¦VHIj
OWN YOUR PIANO
You have often been told
this, but it has more signifi-
cance under the new rent con-
tract plan of Sherman. Clay
& Co. With them you can
{jet a $300 guaranteed Piano
arid pay for it at $6.00 a
month. $1.25 is the amount
I of interest each month,
which you pay after the prin-
cipal is prtid in like install-
ments. The $6.00 monthly
payments include the in"-
tcrest. Why pay $4 or $5 a
-.•" * month for rent when you can
never own the piano, no mat-
* ter how lonj? you rent it?
Call and talk! the plan over
with Sherman. Clay & Co.
Xote — The sale of Pianos
on the rent contract plan is
confined to the cities where
I the stores are located.
Sherman, -Clay & Co.
; for. Kfurr.T n:id Sutler sts., S. F.
'"or. :Cth an<3 Kroadway, Oakland.
C«.r. Third and Morrison sts..
Tortland.
T:i Second avenue, Seattle.